COMING IN THE SUNDAY EXPRESS-NEWS 

JEANE DIXON 
PREDICTS 
1977 

WOMAN 
AT 
HOME 

PLUS MUCH. MUCH MORE! 

FIRE 
AND 

THE 
STORY OF 
J L W l J I 
CHARLES REVSON, 
CREATOR OF 
THE REVLON EMPIRE 

HOME I 
EDITION 
THE SATURDAY 
San A n ton io’s on ly Saturday 
T7 V 
T 
1 D 
1 7 O O T V T T 7 T T 7 o n e w sp a p e r se r v e d by th e 
15< f t A r K E o o J N L W S 
Associated Press 

Jan. I, 1977 
S a n A n to n io . T e x a s 
S i m i I Ii T o x a x * l a r g e s t - s e l l i n g N a l i i n l a v n e w s p a p e r 

 w o r ld ’s la rg e st n e w sg a th e rin g o rg a n iz a tio n 
Zavala group readies request 

By JERRY DEAL 
O f THE EXPRESS N EW S STAEF 

CRYSTAL CITY - A rev ised plan to obtain a huge contro­ versial grant for the Zavala 
County Economic Development 
Corp. will be submitted to fe­ deral authorities in about 3o days, its executive director said Friday. 
J e s u s K alas, in m a k in g the a n ­ nouncement, also accused Secretary of State Mark White and Atty. Gen. 
John Hill with being puppets of Gov. 
Dolph Briscoe. 
“ We are undergoing an internal reorganization of plans and it should take about 3o days before we have a new request for a grant ready,” Salas said. 
Salas declined to reveal the amount sought, but it was a $1.5 million grant once approved by fe d e ra l officials th a t has c re a te d the c o itro v e rs y 

Bowl 
Scopes 

P p n ch H o w l 
Kentucky 
21 

N. Carolina 
o 

IIIuolHinnol H o w l 
Nebraska 
27 
Texas Tech 
24 

H o i a il* o f i I i o k o gam oK a n il m u o li. im iH i m o r e iii S e e - lio n Iv 

 may get 
Jobs new 

By RICHARD SMITH 
EXPRESS N EW S BUSIN ESS EDITOR 

The New Year may bring in 
1,ooo new jobs for San Antonio. 

Ralph T hom as, president of the 
San Antonio Economic Development 
Foundation, doolined to identify the company, but feels “ quite strongly” of its intention to come here 

He said an announcement confirm­ ing the thousand-employe company’s decision to locate here will Ih> made 
“ sometime before the end of the se­ cond quarter.” 
Cold finish to old 

 here. 
Little Cuba’ 
Gov. Briscoe had elaimedVhe grant would create “ a little Cubic in Za­ vala County because the main project to be funded is creation of a farming cooperative. 
In November, a federal court pro­ hibited the corporation from using any of the grant money and issued a 
Htl-day restraining order to allow it time to present its case through state agencies. 
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Ap- 

Bv DAVID MCLEMORE and CECIL CLIFT 
San Antonio entered the New Year with a bang and quite a few shivers, shakes and brrrs. 
The severe cold snap that hit San 
Antonio Friday continued on into the night and promised to keep tem per­ atures in the 2os and low 3os New 
Year’s Day. 
Subfreezing weather forced the city public works departm ent, State De­ partm ent of Highways and San An­ tonio police to put the area Ice Plan into action. 
A brief attack of sleet forced clo­ sure of the main lanes of IH35 from 
Then Street to Spur 421 for about an hour Friday morning. 
The th rea t of freezing rain and possibility of snow for Friday night and early Saturday found city streets and expressways sanded to lessen the 
$1 m illion grant to anti-sm uggling war 

AUSTIN 
(AP) 
- 
The gover­ n o r’s C rim inal J u s tic e D ivision rushed to approval Friday a SI m il­ lion grant to beef up the Department of Public Safety’s ability to catch narcotics smugglers along the Rio 
Grande. 
A DPS spokesman said the grant request was submitted only Thursday but he was sure there had been d i s ­ cu s s i o n s beforehand with the gover­ nor's office. 
Turned down 
The grant request, titled “ South 
Texas Stepped-Up Law Enforcement 
Program ,” was filed alter the ( JI) turned down on Dee. HI Atty. Gen. 
Jo h n Hill s req u est for a lm o st 
$WHMM)ll to finance an undercover probe of “ narcotics activities involv­ ing official m isconduct in S ta rr 
County. 
While the DPS grant is for opera­ tions along the e n tire M exican 

 border, a spokesm an said. “ The main emphasis will be from Del Rio to Brownsville.’’ 
The grant includes assignment of 
33 undercover and uniformed special agents to the border; $135,ooo for helicopter operations; and $4oo,ooo for inform er fees, surveillance ex­ penses and “ purchase of evidence." 
Hill w elcom ed the g ra n t, p a r ­ ticularly the “ flash money” for buy­ ing drugs. 
“ This is essential for undercover w o rk .” he said, hut has been 
“ woefully lacking.” 
Funds 
(MD grants consist almost entirely of funds from the I’. S. Law Enfor­ cement Assistance Administration. 
“ lf the activity surrounding our grant has anything to do with beefing up their ability to work undercover, it served a very gqod purpose.” Hill said 

(coop morning) 

 l m l 
( Ii lick If 

Action Express .. 
Astrology.............. 
Bridge.................... 
Business, Finance 
Church News — 
C om ics........................................2( 

. 2( 
. 2C 
. TC 
. 7 A ti,7C 
HE 
Crossword Puzzles......................HI 
Deaths...............................................J 
Editorials......................................... J»A 
Gardening 
.............................. >o 
M arkets...................................... 3-51 
Newsm akers, 
..........2 A 
Scene 
— 
.......... 
H 
Sports ................................ 
I*IL 
Television 
....................HA 
Theaters.................................... 2- IB 
Want A d s .............. b HD.1-71 
W eather 
...................... » 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack Anderson ............ 
2A 
Dan Cook......................................... {L 
Dr. Geo. T hosteson....................I' 

A penny saved is a penny earned. A dollar saved is an enor­ mous temptation 

F orcfasl 

Fair. cold. High, near 4o. Low, 

F R I D A Y S T E M P E R A T U R E S 

 v a in 
IO a m 

 pm 
» rn p.Iii p m 

S p in 
6pm 
I pm 
S p in 
V p rn ii 
1o p in 
JO 
11 p in 
7* 
Midnight ib 

 l l IT H YEAR 
NO. 26 
4o PAGES 

T E L E P H O N E S 
Wont Art*, ( M o n F r i 
It a rn s to p m ) IJS 1666; All oth*r depart men) , ii a rn 9 p m ) 17S 7411, City editor (9 p m 7 a m . ) IIS 7411 
S p o r t s editor <9 p rn I o in I T it 17)1 or I V 7/o1 

DID YOU KNOW i l l 1! 'til receive home delivery of the Express and Sunday 
Express-News $1 niore’will bring you tin' evening News tor a month Dual 
$4 35 IHT month. Call 225-7411 for prompt delivery 

 year 

 dangers of ice-covered streets 
The area Ice Plan was instituted last November to help prevent acci­ dents due to icy conditions by ke(*p- ing traffic moving and streets and expressways open. 
City police and public works e m ­ ployes and highw ay d e p a r tm e n t workers were prepared to send sand­ ing crews out and barricade icy lo­ cations as part of the plan 
San Antonio police reported the city experienced 59 auto accidents from 
6:45 a m. to 2:45 p.m. Friday. There were no fatalities recorded during the period, but there w ere 19 injuries recorded, mostly minor. 
Icy conditions, however, contribut­ ed to one traffic death in the San An­ tonio area, investigators said. 
Lewis Updike, 53. Atascosa, was killed early Friday in a one-car acci­ dent near Falls City on U.S. IKL 
Investigators said it appeared Up­ dike lost control of his car on an icy bridge over the San Antonio River in 
Karnes County and overturned. 
Fatality 
It also m arked the first traffic fa­ tality in the area since the long lutli- day weekend traffic count began at ti p.m. Thursday. 
San Antonio recorded its first holi­ day period traffic fatality Thursday night when Paul Ruiz, 64. of 57o IV. 
Mayfield Blvd., was struck by a car as he walked along U.S. 281. 
Police said icy road conditions, caused by the sudden freeze and rain 
Friday morning were the main cause for the large number of accidents. 
Strong winds 
While strong winds reminded San 
Antonians that winter was still with them, local tem peratures climbed to 
41 degrees by 3 p.m. However, the therm om eter dropped five degrees by 4 p.m ., with a prom ise of even lower tem peratures as 1976 came to a close. 
The promise was kept. 
San Antonio wasn’t alone. The rest of Texas welcomed the New Y ear with subfreezing tem peratures and tin* threat, if not actuality, of rain and possible snow flurries. 
T he N ational W e a th er S erv ice forecast predicted chances for snow , sleet or rain all over tlie stu te , in­ cluding the Texas coast. 
Northerly winds accompanying the cold front pushed the chill factor in 
San Antonio down to IO d eg rees. 
Winds were expected lo lessen Sa­ turday, 
Forecasts held oui for prospects of light snow Saturday in the west and central portions of Texas. F orecas­ ters said other than the possibility of snow, the rest of state would have 

REB EC K A W Y N N E fo u n d h er b re ath a p oo r su b sti­ tute fo r g lo v e s F riday a s San A n to n io w a s b e sie g e d b y su b -fre e z in g w e a th e r 
S IA O RHO IO BX RO N JONES 

T alk s with the com pany, whose nature is still undisclosed, have been going on for some time, he said, and are running ahead of schedule. 
T hom as, said although the Dual details have yet to be ironed out, it would be a “ drastic action" by the co m p an y to d ec id e at th is point against moving here. i f s 
( lose com m unications have been | | f maintained with two other prosper- I i tive thousand-employe companies as J; well, he said, but decision-making is F still in early stages. 
Thomas said he is impressed by the p. lipid progress of talks with the I inn 
“ It usually tak es from 16 to 22 § months for negotiations to reach this I p o in t." he said. “ But w e’ve only I talked with this prospect for the past J tight or nine months.” 
The Levi S trauss & Co. transactions took in m onths to complete. 
EDF progress 
In its two-year existence, EDF has brought in Levi Strauss and Baker 
Line, inc. 
In all. the relocation s bro u g h t in 
1,45o jobs. 
The foundation was formed in the sum m er of 1975, after tin* industrial development arm of the Greater San 
Antonio Chamber of Commerce pro­ gram ran into a funding problem. 
The chandler program operated at the tim e u n d er a $35o,ooo subsidy from the city arid City Public Service. 
P art of tim CPS co n trib u tio n was frozen during the energy crisis 
E D F w as fo rm e d as a p riv a te group to carry on the promotion and in funded through the contributions of businessmen who give a m inim um of 
$l«.ono to join. 
Hi annual budget is $5oo,(MHI, con­ tributed by 39 businesses in tin* city. 

One of Hie1 org an izatio n ’s first a c ­ tions was to hire the F a n tu s Co., an internationally known industrial site location consultant. 
In April of last year, the Fantus Co. recommended in its study of the ex­ isting business climate that the city explore the possibilities of bringing iii light-to-medium industries, as well as warehousing anti distributing con­ cerns. 
Ford says Puerto Rico should becom e state ! 

NEW TORK TIMES SERVICE 

VAIL, Colo. — Iii a dram atic and u nex p e d IHI step taken just weeks before he leaves office, President 
Ford called Friday for the admission of Puerto Rico as the 51st st att* of tin* 
Union. 
Iii a statement issued at this ski resort on the last (las of Hie* nation s 
Bicentennial year, 
Ford proposed that “ the people of Puerto Rico and the Congress of the United States begin now to take those steps which will result in statehood for Puerto 
Rico." 
The adion reportedly took the go­ vernment and people of Puerto Rico by surprise and even the President’s small staff here said they wert* not aware such a move was coming 
Ford said that he had not person­ ally contacted the incoming gover­ 

 nor ol Puerto Rico, Carlos Romero 
Braccio, in advance of announcing his proposal. 
Questioned by reporters about his action after lie returned from skiing on the fresh snow of Vail s slopes, 
Ford said that he bad visited the island for many years aud felt that the Puerto Ricans had made “ tre ­ mendous progress” in the economic. social and political fields. 
Pro-statehood 
Moreover, he said, “ it seemed to hie* that Hie* people of Puerto Rico bad spoken iii Hie* last elec tio n " when they elected a pro-statehood governor and a pre-state delegati* to 
Hie* 
House of Representatives. 
“ It seemed to me we ought to take an initiative in Washington to indi­ cate our full support for statehood,” 
Ford added 

When pressed about the timing ol 
Ins decision, lit* said he thought that now was “ an apropos time so no one could accu se m e of political m o ­ tives.” 
Asked why he hadn t left the m at­ ter to the incoming president, Jim iny 
Carter, Ford replied somewhat testi- iy, *1 urn the President until Jan. 
2o." 
One White House aide asserted that an additional motive for proposing statehood for Puerto Rico “ was to send a message to ( astro and ( uba that the United States has a deep arid active interest" in Uh* island and iii the Caribbean us a w hole. 
E xperts on Puerto Rican affairs also suggested that President Ford s 
New Y ear’s Eve surprise announce­ ment was a political gift to the in­ com ing adm inistration of Gov. Ro­ mero Braccio, 
Texas9 cheapest food in S.A. 

SfECIA l TO IM I EXPRESS* NEW!* 
AUSTIN — For the fourth straight month. San Antonio’s grocery bill of 
$16.94 capped the list us the cheapest of 12 Texas m arket busket survey cities. 
The survey conducted by the Texas 
Departm ent of Agriculture (TDA) found the average statewide price of 
2o com m only pu rch ased grocery items totaled $18.32 in December, 
Total cost was some 13 cents above the average of November but only IO cents more than that reported four months earlier. 
In releasing the December market busket survey of the 12 Texas cities. 

Texas Agriculture loin. .John White noted grocery prices remained rela­ tively stable throughout 197H. 
National reports issued by the U.S. 
Department of Agriculture (USDA) also indicate food prices arc expected to continue on a steady course into the New Year. 
"But while the current food price situation may be stable ut tin* retail level, producers at the beginning of the food chain generally had little to shout about in 1976 and can only look to the new year for any improvement in their profit picture," White said. 
F arm prices for 1976 wound up at 
66 per cent of parity, the lowest 

 recorded iii 43 years, with no crops or livestock except potatoes having gone above effective parity in m onths. 
Rarity is computed as the minimum price at which production costs can be recouped. 
While San Antonio led the survey with the lowest total, some 17 cents above November, the highest total. 
IIH.99 for McAllen / Edinburg, was 36 cents above a month earlier. 
Other cities included in the survey in order of total price and with comparisons to their November sur­ veys are; 
Austin, $17.54, up 13 cents; Laredo, 
$18, down six cents; Tyler. $18.22, up 

 nine cents, E l Rasu, IIH 32. up ll) cents; Abilene, $18 35, down nine cents, and Dallas. $18.42, down three cents 
Also, Houston, $18.59. up one cent; 
Fort Worth. $18.73, up two cents, 
Corpus Christi, $18.74, up 3o cents, and Lubbock, $18.95, up 56 cents 
'IliE* expected stab ility iii food prices into curly 1977, caused by generally large food supplies, will only be partially offset by strong consumer demand, rising marketing costs and seasonal price increases for several food categories. 
Exceptions to the generally stabi­ 

Poge 
2-A *k 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 1977 
Nobel cash seized 

Police seized royalties for the 
Polish translation of a recent book by Nobel laureate 
Heinrich Boll during a recent search of a dissi­ dent's home, dissident sources said 
Friday in Warsaw, Poland. 
Boll, the West German who won the Nobel literature prize in 1972, donated $2,5oo he received for the 
Polish edition of “ The Lost Honor of 
Katherine Blum " to the Committee for the Defense of Workers. 
The committee, consisting of 2o p e rso n s from v ario u s political groups, is illegal because it is unregistered, the sources said. 
It has raised money to help people arrested for involvement in inci­ dents across Poland last June, when 
Polish workers and other citizens d e m o n s tra te d a g a in s t g o v e rn ­ ment-proposed food price hikes. 
Under Polish law, no one may col­ lect donations without a legal per­ mit 
Like father, like son 

A teenager has upstaged teener idol 
Tom Jones, the British pop star. 

When Jones, 36, and his son 
Mark, 19. were granted permanent resident alien status in New York 
Thursday, a young woman employe of the Immigration and Naturaliza­ tion Service came over with a fan note — not for Tom, who's used to it, but for Mark, who isn’t. 
F labbergasted, the youth said 
“That's new'. It's my father who's the sex symbol." 

Callaway takes over 

Remember Howard H. C allaway? 
He resigned under fire as Presi­ dent Ford’s secretary of the army after it was alleged he misused his office to obtain a favorable United 
States Forest Service ruling that allowed for expansion of the Crested 
Butte ski area in Colorado, where 
Callaw ay and his b ro th e r had bought a resort development cor­ poration in 197o. 
Now Callaway is pulling up stakes in Georgia and moving to Crested 
Butte to become president and chief executive officer of the corporation. 
He succeeds his brother-in-law, 
Ralph Walton, who succeeds him as board chairman. 

Princess Grace of Monaco attended the last performance of the Third 
Monaco Circus Festival with famed cellist Mstislav Rostropovich — AP 
Wirephoto 
Askew to be chairman 

Gov. 
Rcubin Askew will be the next chairman of the National Go­ vernors Conference, a member of 

Count o f Paris hospitalized 

Henri. Count of Paris, pretender to the French throne, was admitted to a Paris hospital Friday after suffering a heart attack. His condi­ tion was reported as not serious. 
A hospital spokesman said the 
68-year-old count would remain for a few- days under observation. 

The count is a direct descendant of King Louis XIV. In the unlikely event that France were to restore the monarchy, he would be a can­ didate for tile throne. 
The family has been permitted to live in France since 195o after a banishment of 64 years. 

 its executive committee said Friday 

 iii Fort Lauderdale, Fla. 

“ He deserves it and I’m boosting him." said Gov. James A. Rhodes of Ohio, here for the Orange Bow I game. “ That helps a little bit. We have the five votes to do it.” 

Askew would fill the unexpired term of Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus, who is withdrawing to become se­ cretary of interior in the 
Carter administration. Gov. William Milli­ gan of M ichigan was elected chairman last September, to take office next fall. 

Harsh Bolivian drug laws due in part to U.S. 

WASHINGTON - Hundreds of American youths spent the Christmas holidays in dismal, dingy Latin 
American prisons. 

Assassination committee pursues two fresh leads 

 assoc lAtfD 

WASHINGTON - A special 
House investigating com m ittee said Friday it is looking into new and previously unpursued leads in the assassinations of 
P resid en t John F. Kennedy and the Rev. Martin Luther 
King Jr. 

I WU exam ples of the new leads, previously disclosed, were cited iii the co m m ittee 's p rogress rep o rt. 
Rep Thomas N Downing. D-Yu.. the committee chairman, said they were regarded as highly significant. 

He said they are being evaluated, but he em p h asized , as did o th e r committee1 members and chief coun­ sel Richard A. Sprague, that it is far leo early to reach anv conclusions 

These witnesses had never been sought out be­ fore by any investigative bod y, notwithstanding the fact that they had important information 

Carter planning to stay in touch 

PLAINS, Ga. (AP) — P re sid e n t­ elect Carter arranged for a quiet New 
Y ea r’s Eve celeb ratio n at hom e 
F riday after asking the A m erican people for support “ in the new re ­ sponsibilities i soon will assum e." 
Carter also rn seeking suggestions trom the public at large on how he can remain in contact with ordinary citizens to avoid the isolation from popular opinion experienced by many occupants of the Oval Office 
“ The way ahead will not he easy." 
( arter said iii a New Year's message to the nation. “ We face difficult problems boil) at home and abroad 
“ But I believe that 1977 will see a new spirit, a new resolve among the people of America, a determination to put old divisions behind us, and to seek a new unity and a new com mit­ ment to our national goals of peace, progress and justice 
.,** 

Unnatural world 

Press secretary .Judy Powell s a i d the President-elect w ants to take every step he can to avoid being caught in the “ strange and unnatural world” hi po l i t i c a l Is o l a) i o n w i t h i n tin* V\ lute House. 

 is alm ost an in fin ite 
Powell said. and cited 

Acting on Carter's behalf. Powell issued an un nation for people to send their su ggestions to 
'P e o p l e , 
( arter Mondale Transition Office, 
Box 26oo, Washington. D C. 2oo1 1 lie said a sonn-to-be-appointed staff group will read and consider each letter. 
And he said the ( arter staff already has been giving the matter consider­ ation. 
Infinite number 

“ T here number.** these 
• A swing through all regions of the country every few months, with the first trip likely in the second or third month of the new adm inistra­ tion. 
• Inviting citizens on a random basis to talk with the President or to share a meal with his family or to spend a night at the White House. 
• \ so-called People's Day at the 
White House modeled after a similar cv iMU at the G eorgia g o v ern o r s mansion in Atlanta in which Carter devoted one day a month to meeting all Georgians who cared to talk with him 

 lf you’re smart enough b pick the stocks you trode, you re smart enough b save up b 5o% in commissions. 

When you do all the thinking, you should^ t hove to poy full brokerage commwsionv, 

So that's where we come in 

At Carr-Friesenhahn, you save up to 5o% from previous fixed rates on your stock 

 brokerage commissions depending upon market value of the transaction and whether 

 executed in the third market, O-T-C, or NYSE/ASE 

With commission rates an important factor in determining your profit or loss, isn t 

 a savings to you on your rates worth a little more of your thinking? Give us a coll or 

 mail the coupon, and we ll give you complete information. 

The 26-page report was largely a plea that the committee be continued by the new Congress and that its request for $6.5 million he approved. 
“ This is not a spectacular report, full of revelations," Downing c a u ­ tioned ut a news conference. “ There are no bombshells in it." 
The House voted to c r e a te the committee last September, but the panel will go out of existence unless the House in the incoming 95th Con­ gress votes to recreate it. 
As new evidence the co m m ittee cited a statem ent attributed to an unidentified witness that the alleged 
King assassin. Jam es Earl Ray, had 
Udd him he was contacted in Europe by “ another person from whom he received further instructions to aid in his continuing flight ” 
Witness 
Hie report said this witness had never been interviewed before by any investigative agency, 
Sprague, asked about this. said the committee is trying to determine how e n a b l e the witness is 
The committee report, in its second exam ple of new leads, said staff investigators had been sent to Mexico to interview w itnesses about s t a ­ tements made there by Lee Harvey 
Oswald within HH days of President 
Kennedy's assassination. 
“These witnesses had never been sought out before by any investiga­ tive body, notwithstanding the fact that they had important information" about O sw ald’s s ta te m e n ts , the report said 
The report said that on Nov. 26 
•‘com m ute * Half questioned exten­ sively an ex-CIA agent regarding his personal knowledge of conversations between Lee Harvey Oswald aud personnel within the Soviet and 
Cuban embassies in Mexico City,** 

T e x a n o il f ir m e x p a n d s 

MIDLAND (AP) - Texas 
American Oil Corp here p urchased a cru d e oil refinery and related bro­ kerage business from Unit­ ed Refining Co. W ednes­ day, com pany executives reported. 
The crude oil refinery, known as the Osceola 
’ Refinery, is located at West 
Branch. Mich 
The refinery and related wholes tie gasoline and fuel oil brokerage business will be owned bv Texas Am er­ ican Petrochemicals, Inc.. a whollyowned subsidiarv of Texas A m erican Oil 
Corp. 

Iii response to questions, Sprague said the CIA had not disclosed to the 
FBI and other agencies at the time of 
Oswald’s conversations his desire to go to Russia and Cuba. 
S prague said one q uestion w as what the other agencies would have done if they had received the infor­ mation. But he said the p r im a ry question was why a decision w as made-“ not to include the information 

 iii m aterials forwarded to the F B I and other agencies when it had been regarded as important enough to put iii the communication sent by the CIA from 
Mexico 
City to 
(CIA) headquarters here.” 

The report said the passage of time has not healed the national traum a caused by the assassination of Kennedy iii Dallas on Nov. 23, 19H3, and of King in Memphis on April 4, 
I9HX 

In the ensuing years, “ old doubts have remained and new disturbing questions hi)vc tyoen raised as addi­ tional evidence has come to light," it said. 
Downing said there are hundreds aud hundreds of unanswered ques­ tions but that the basic one is whether a conspiracy was involved in cither or both assassinations. 

The Warren Commission found 12 years ago that Oswald was the sole assassin of Kennedy. 

Most of them w ere a rre s te d on drug charges, usually for possessing a few pinches of marijuana, but so­ metimes merely for attending a parly where m arijuana was smoked. Often the evidence-against them was du­ bious. 
The U.S. government has done lit­ tle to get them out. What they may not know is that the U.S. government helped to put them in. 
For Washington officialdom, in its zeal to halt the drug traffic from La­ tin A m erica, brought p ressu re on various governments to crack down on drug violators. Unfortunately, the dragnets caught few sm ugglers but many users, including more than a few innocents. 
We have written in the past about the plight of the young A m ericans who have received stiff sentences in 
Latin America for drug offenses that would have been excused in the 
United States. A couple of sum m ers ago. our associate Joe Spear inter­ viewed several of them in Mexican jails. 
Their arrests were the direct result of pressure from Washington. 
Spotlight 

Today, we turn the spotlight on 
Bolivia, whose harsh narcotics laws failed to distinguish between pushers and users until a few weeks ago. Thus a person caught with a gram of co­ caine could be sentenced to 25 years in miserable Bolivian jails. 
These tough, new narcotics laws were drafted in 1973 by a special Bolivian c o m m is ­ sion. The United States ac­ tually helped to pay the sa­ laries of the Bolivian attor­ neys who were appointed to the commission. The United 
S tates also d isp a tc h e d a 
Justice Department lawyer to Bolivia with a proposed 
111 narcotics code. 
Thereafter, Bolivian and American narcotics agents worked closely to­ gether. This cooperation earned Bo­ livia some generous U.S. financial aid. The United States, for example, is planning to supply the Bolivian police with vehicles, telecommunica­ tions, contract advisers and investi­ gative equipment. 
The United States will also help train the police and will pay part of the operational costs. No less than. 
Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, a fte r m e e tin g with the Bolivian leaders, urged U.S. support of the 
Bolivian narcotics campaign. 
This cam p aig n , m eanw hile, has caught several American youths who swear they are guilty of no more than minor misdemeanors or are innocent altogether. The narcotics penalities w ere so h a rs h , ac c o rd in g to our sources, that Bolivian judges have been unwilling to sentence the young 
Americans to long sentences. 
Legal limbo 
Many A m ericans, therefore, are waiting in legal limbo for hearings. 
Several have joined in sending P re­ sident-elect Jim m y Carter a poignant plea for help, 
“ We arc presumed guilty until we prove o u rse lv e s in n o c e n t,“ they write. “ Some people have not had a hearing in over a year. It seems the 
Bolivian officials do not know what to do with us . . . We are all young . . . some of us with children, and all of us with families we love and m iss.’’ 
Sensitive sources inside Bolivia tell us, for example, that one 21-year-old w om an h as been in jail for six 

Jack 
Anderson 

 m onths. Yet she was detained on purely circumstantial grounds. 
She had been invited to the hotel room of friends to listen to music. 
A ccording to so u rces, the e n tire group was arrested 3o minutes later by Bolivian police, who found 4o grams of cocaine underneath a m at­ tress. One man confessed the cocaine belonged to him alone. The entire group, nevertheless, has been jailed. 
The young woman was sent to a prison-eonvent. 
Each day she is locked in an outside courtyard and then herded inside at night. Tile Bo­ livian go v ern m en t co n trib u tes 12 cents a day to her support. It takes a monthly cheek from her parents to feed her. 
T here are many sim ilar stories, which don’t make pleasant reading during the Christmas season. 
Footnote: In fairness, it should be 

 iVo less than Secretary o f State 
Henry Kissinger, after meeting with the Bolivian leaders, urged 
I .S. support o f the Bolivian nar­ co! it's campaign 

 reported that the State Department has quietly urged Bolivia to soften its drug sentences. This quiet diplomacy was probably responsible for a re ­ vision of the law on Dec. 17. H er­ eafter, a simple cocaine possession will be punished in Bolivia by a min­ imum of two years and a maximum of eight years behind bars. This is b etter, at least, than 25-year se n ­ tences. 
Sugar plums 
F o r the D em o c rats, the s u g a r plums will be dancing in their heads mr another month. A thick, yellow volume, called the “ plum book.” identifies all the jobs waiting to be filled by P re sid e n t-e le c t J im m y 
Carter after Jan. 2o. 
These jobs have been occupied by deserving, if defeated. Republicans for the past eight .sears. When Rep. 
William Widnall, R.-N.J., lost his 
1974 election, for example, the pain was softened by an appointment to the National Com mission on E lec­ tronic F und Transfers. 
Ex-Rep. Henry P. Smith, R-N.Y., became chairman of the Internation­ al Joint Commission on the U.S. and 
Canada. Ex-Rep. Larry Hogan, R- 
Md., was appointed to the National 
Advisory Committee on Oceans and 
Atmosphere. Another erstwhile con­ gressman, John Dellenback. R-Ore., was nam ed d irecto r of the P eace 
Corps, and a defeated senator, Gor­ don Allott, R-Colo,, was appointed a consultant to the Arms Control and 
Disarmament Agency. 
Now they must make room for de­ serving Democrats. 
ZAVALA GRAN ! 

I Corr-Friesenhohn and Company, Inc. 
| 242 Travis Pork W elt Building 

 i Son Antonio, Texav 782o5 

J Telephone 512/224-2383 

Please send me details of your commission structure 

Nam e _ 

Address 

City, State, Zip 
Carr- F riese nhahn i i C o m p a n y , inc. n a s d ana w k 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION BATIS 

O T H IR S T A U S 

$ j AO pa* BRM**#’1 i»A*Su 
» to ae ***** MNM** net 
I i t BB* me**# im*Miss *»*s 

 peals in New Orleans later upheld that ruling. 
The Middle Rio G rande Develop­ ment Council twice voted against ap­ proving the grant. 
The court order, issued by U.S. 
Dist. Judge Jack Roberts in Austin, was terminated last Monday. 
Since the o rd e r, s e v e ra l staff m em bers of the ZCEDC have been working for no salaries, Salas said. 
He said the staffers fully cooperat­ ed with the various federal agencies, including the G eneral Accounting 
Office, which have probed the ZCEDC since the controversy began. 
Labt week. Secretary of State W hite asked Atty. Gen. Hill to take steps to remove the ZCEDC’s state non-profit charter. 
White said the c h a r te r violates state law.* 
Salas scoffed at the accusation. 
“ White and Hill are just puppets of 
Gov Briscoe, it would ap p ear, he said. 
“ It is obvious neither the governor nor his staff which reviewed the pro- 
COLD 

 just plain ole miserable weather. 
The National Weather Service said the cold weather siege would proba­ bly last through early Monday. 
New Year’s celebrants could thank a massive high pressure system for the virtually nationwide freeze. 
The system delivered frigid air from the Rockies eastward through 
New England, the Appalachians and south to the western Gulf of Mexico. 
The Rio Grande Valley also felt the nip of winter. The weather service’s office in Brownsville reported it an­ ticipated sleet and rain with a possi­ bility of snow for the Valley as a New 
Year’s Day gift. 

 posal are aware uf the congressional legislation which created community developm ent co rp o ratio n s,’’ Salas said 
“There are over 4o CDCS throughout the nation and all are involved in prom oting econom ic developm ent and in generating profits for disad­ vantaged communities. 
“ These programs generate profits, not for themselves but for subsidiary programs, through joint ventures and through entrepeneurship programs.** 
Salas said during the 6o-day court order period ZCEDC tried to m eet with state and council of government officials tu explain the concept of a 
EDC 
“ Both the state and the council of governments have refused to allow 
ZCEDC an opportunity to explain its program,” he said, 
Political 
“ There can be no doubt that the actions of the state are politically motivated and the intent is to destroy the program without any considera­ tion of its merits or its constitutional and legislative right that gives it life.’* 
Salas said because the project was stopped when the governor began his objections, "One full winter’s crops 

 and probably the sp rin g crops fi­ gured in the program were lost." 
He said the program is on a quar­ terly monitoring system and at least three quarters may be lost. 
The original g ran t vvas fur two years, ending in August 1979. 

 in 
3 men die cold weather 

ST. LOCIS (A IM — T hroe men were found frozen to death Friday a* temperatures fell to Iii degrees M ow zero here, a 112-year Iou 
Pollee said Johnny Beard, 57. pud 
Horace Currie. 55, both died of expo­ sure, a spokesman at ( ny Hospital san! 
Beard s body was found behind a stalk of wooden crates, apparently erected as a wind shelter. There was a dead fire nearby. 
Currie was found sitting iii a chair iii a vacant lot. He was near a barret filled with debris aud railroad ties. 
The fire in the barrel had gone out. police said. 
Authorities scheduled an autopsy on the third man in an attem pt to identify him. 
GROCERIES 

Continued from Page IA lized prices include that for coffee, which continues on the rise as the result of freeze which decimated much of the Brazilian crop. 

December survey results in Ihe 12 
Texas cities show a 19 cent increase in the price of a pound of coffee in 
December, with the statewide total averaging $2.33. 

Other items in the TDA m arket basket and their statewide average prices include: 

OIH* yaHon M IHT t out Urn fat m ilk . l l ID, oiH*g allon w h o leh o m o g en ized vitam in D m ilk . ll HH, urn* iioZH) wrath* A targe ‘‘wws. I «2, 12 outlet* package individually w rapped A nuT ie.m c h e e se s in g le s , $1 *28, one pound m a rg a rin e, s M ; 24 ounce loaf w hite .sandwich bread, $. ll, one pound w hole fryer ch ick en . $ 48. and mu* pound regular ground lu f f , s HU 
A lso. one pound round steak with hone. II iii one pound fam ily pack pork chops,, s i in sis and one-half ou nce liwht chunk tuna, $ kl mn* pound baculi l l IO, one pound (ted He In pius apples, I 45 18 ounce box corn fluke!*, I KT, line bead lettu ce, t 44 one pound fresh tom atoes 
$.87, urn* pound dry pinto b ea n t. I 24, 48 ounce box d etergen t, $1,42, and six ounce can frozen orange juice, I 23.. 

■ _ J 
|||,t III I Mi i-.t*-*— !. ll ■ 
M U M i ii WR** SAMIA ft *|fS tm 

* * + f t K A * v 
, rnunt** 
'; 
' , • ■• 
»*';■; 

TM GU/NN£$$ BOOK 
WORLD RLO 
**' E O I IO R I A l O F F I C E S 
J 
M/DDL E S E X E N G L A * J& 

Bv LIZ SWEET 
Bexar County Federation of 
School Boards will file a mo­ tion for a rehearing in its utili­ ty fight against the city, attor­ ney Harvey Hardy said Friday. 
The Texas Supreme Court Friday rilled against 12 Bexar County School 
Districts in their joint utility suit with Bexar County and the county hospital district against the city and 
City Public Service. 
The court, however, noted the ci­ ty's margin of return might be ex­ cessive. 
“ That's the subject of another law­ suit, not this one," the court said. 
"Upon proper pleading and record. if the city’s return was proved to be 

I he courts also ruled the portion o f city utility charges that goes into the general fund is not an illegal tax on 
Bexar County, the county hospital district and the 12 school districts in the county. 

 excessive and unreasonable, the courts could grant relief." 
Hardy said the burden of responsi­ bility for such a suit would fall to the city. 
Districts 

Hardy said the school districts would not be concerned with such a lawsuit because they were no longer required to pay the 14 per cent por­ tion of their bills. ' 
"We filed the original suit before celation for 1977 
Good year 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 

The year 1977 A.D. is going to be a good one — at least that's the expectation of San 
Antonians. 

"Hopefully, 1977 will bring a new era of goodwill, optimism and pro­ gress for our city," said Mayor Lila 
Cockrell Friday. 

She said she sees growth and de­ velopment as well as improvements of the city’s drainage system and streets as well as some replacement of substandard water mains. 

" I see the continuation of the very warm relations we have established with our friends and neighbors in 
Mexico leading to increased trade, cultural and social exchanges between our countries,” the mayor said. 

 councilmen elected from IO geogra­ phic districts. 
Bexar County Democratic Chair­ man Joyce Peters said she cannot get an accurate reading on the voters’ mood, although she felt some sup­ porters for the districting idea are changing their minds. 
"However, I predict we ll have higher Noter turnouts in 1977 for the 
City Charter and City Council elec­ tions,” she said, explaining, “ The voters will be turned on and come out swinging. They smell blood." 
Mrs. Peters’ Republican counter­ part in Bexar County, Richard 
Bridleman, predicted a year of growth in the Republican Party. 
“ We continue to meet people inter­ ested in building up the two-party system and fiscal responsibility in 
Bexar County and Texas," Eddleman said. 

 the Public Utilities Act excused the school districts from paying the 14 per cent as of Sept. I. 1975," he said. 
School districts have not paid that portion since that time, he explained. 
School, city and county officials were unavailable for comment. 
According to the court’s ruling. San 
Antonio’s city-owned gas and electric system has authority to raise its fuel adjustment costs without City 
Council approval of each increase. 

Courts 

The courts also ruled the portion of city utility charges that goes into the general fund is not an illegal tax on 
Bexar County, the county hospital district and the 12 school districts in the county. 
Fourteen per cent of the utility re­ venues goes into the city treasury and paid for nearly a fourth of the city’s budget in 1974. 
That 14 per cent, the court ruled, is a profit, not a tax. (Since the suit was filed, council has reduced the portion to about ll per cent.) 
With regard to the legality of fuel adjustment costs tacked on to bills without City Council approval, the court said cities are entitled to a reasonable profit on municipal utility systems. 
The 1949 legislature removed a prohibition against such profits for cities such as San Antonio that still owed money to holders of bonds that financed utility construction. 
Profit 
"Since the removal of the restric­ tion. the City of San Antonio has en­ joyed the usual right to make a rea­ sonable profit from its gas and elec­ tric systems even while they are en­ cumbered." the court said. 

As for the fuel adjustment factors, the court ruled mere was no improper delegation of ratemaking authority since City Council gave the 
City Public Service board detailed instructions on how to compute them. 

"No discretion is left by which this computation may be changed," the court said. 

Re-clection 

"And in my crystal ball, I see my re-election,” the mayor said of the 
April City Council elections. "Bu t that prediction relies heavily on con­ tinued help of my friends and sup­ porters in the community." 

About incoming City Mgr. Thomas 
Huebner, the mayor said, " I see the likelihood of improved city services and sound fiscal management with the arrival of the new city manager.” 

Huebner said Friday from his Sa­ cramento, Calif., home he hopes to see the mayor's prediction come true. 

" I t ’s not an easy job, but we’re certainly going to give it a try," 
Huebner said. 

Structure 

" I will probably have established the organizational structure (in city management) that I want to work with by the end of 1977." 

Bexar County Judge Blair Reeves said he could see an upturn in the economy and employment picture of the county and San Antonio as well as downtown being helped with more people living there. 

City Public Service Board of 
Trustees Chairman Tom Berg said he could foresee good news for utility customers. 

‘Tm looking for 1977 to be the first year in many that utility rates will finally stabilize as we bring our large coal fire plants into service and will start a new era of stabilized rates,” 
Berg said. 

He added he wished the city and 
CPS suit against its natural gas sup­ plier, Coastal States CJas Corp., was behind him. 

" I hope 1977 brings a successful settlement out of court,” he said, 
"Stability in gas prices can be a rea­ lity only with a strong gas supplier, not one that is always being threa­ tened with bankruptcy." 

Disagreement between the city and its firemen and policemen are likely' to continue in 1977, said Curtis Franz, president of the San Antonio Fire­ lig h ters Assn., Local 642, 

He noted there will be court action to decide whether the city will pay accumulated sick leave pay as pro­ vided in a new state law. 
Negotiations 

Negotiations between firemen and the city will occur also in 1977, Franz said, adding the outcome will depend on the attitude of the new city manager and the new City Council. 

“ The firemen will take an active, role in city politics,” Franz said, 
"and we hope we will have some impact." 

No one, including Mayor Cockrell, would predict the outcome of the City 
Charter revision election to have 

Mrs. Don Smotherman and a friend, Christiana Rodgers, 3, brave winter weather Friday to visit the 
Alamo. — Staff Photo by Ron Jones. 
Utility Commission sets hearing on Bell motion 

 s k o a l t o m i u m s v N t w s 

AUSTIN - The Public U tility 
Commission Friday scheduled a Jan. 

HI hearing on Southwestern Bell 
Telephone Co.’s motion for a rehear­ ing on its rate request 

Bell fill'd for a rehearing Tuesday after the PUC cut Bell’s requested rate increase from $298 million to 
$57.8 million. 

Basic service rates in San Antonio have been reduced bv 35 cents, with additional reductions depending on 
.tintype of phone, as a result of the 
PUC’s order. 

PUC Com. Alan Erwin said there was no chance the commission would reconsider raising the $57.8 million rate figure granted. 

“ I still have not heard anything to chango my opinion that ifs a valid order," Erwin said. 
Bell Tuesday charged the commis­ sion “ violated the statutory mandate of the Public Utility Regulatory Act, ignored lls own regulations, denied the company due process of law and confiscated company property." 
PUC’s chief attorney, John Bell. said he disagreed with the telephone company’s charges " I Hunk we’re just fine and we’ve complied with all the laws.” 
Both Erwin and Bell said technical points contained in the order would lie decided during a rehearing. Erwin also said there could tie areas in the present order which need clearing. 
Los Pastores set at mission 

The world’s longest letter to Santa Claus containing 9,6o9 Christmas messages is on its way to 
Middlesex, England, where it will be entered into the Guinness Book of World Records. Texas and 24 foreign nations are represented on the record-setting roll which measures 2,252 feet by 24 inches. 
Linda Senger unrolls it in front of the Main Post Office lust before it was folded and mailed to England. 
— Staff Photo by Charles Barksdale 
Lawy 
Coastal suit ers: recess will help talks 

City attorneys said Friday a continued recess in pretrial hearines of the city’s $472.5 million suit against Coastal 
States Gas Corp. would aid settlement negotiations. 
Jury choice m oves slowly 
* 

TUCSON. Ari/ (A P) - Publicity that ted in the mistrial in Phoenix in an investigative newspaper reporter’s slaying has not affected potential jurors as m u c h iii the second trial in Tucson 
Two more potential jurors were seated in a halfday session Friday, bringing the total chosen in two days to seven. When 37 are selected, the defense and prosecution can each eliminate It), leaving a 12-member panel and five alternates. 

Judge Peter Michael Curry, of ltitith District Court, continued the recess until Jan. IO. The plea of pri­ vilege hearing was scheduled to restart Monday. 
Ed Burke, one of the city’s attor­ neys, said the hearing recess would definitely help the continuing nego­ tiations between the city, City Public 
Service and Coastal States officials move toward settlement. 
Judge Curry said out-of-court settlement was so close as to warrant a week s delay in the hearings. 
Hearings 
The hearings have been in recess since Din- 2o. 
Judge Curry added another week of recess would not only give attorneys more time to work on the settlement, but it would also save money in court costs and attorney fees. 
The hearings are being held to consider Coastal Stales request to move the city/CPS suit against its gas supplier lo the corporation s home city. Houston. 
The suit centers on the city’s gas 

 supply contract an alleged breach of contract by Coastal States of the ty’s gas supply contract. 

Los Pastures, the shepherd’s play, will bt* performed by the 
Guadalupe Church Players on the grounds of the' San Jose 
Mission Saturday and Sunday. 

The play Is sponsored by the San 
Antonio Conservation Society. There is no admission charge. Mass siari?> at ti p.m. with the performance fol­ lowing at 7 p.m. 

Los Bastores was brought to the 
New World by early Spanish mis­ sionaries in an attempt to convert the 
Indians to Christianity. 

Drama 

It is said Father Antonio Margil, who founded Mission San Jose, per­ formed the play for Indians here 225 years ago. 

The drama has been handed down by word of mouth, so many interpre­ tations have evolved, hut the main plot remains essentially unchanged. 

Los Pasiores is the story of she­ pherds who, in the search for the 
Christ Child, are beset by seven de­ vils in fearsome masks who attempt 

 to divert them from their quest. 

Conservation society volunteers will serve food ut decorated booths 
H e n ry A (Juerra will narrate i i i 
English because the play is i i i Span­ ish 
Hotel strike continues 

MIAMI (Al*) — No settlement was in sight Friday for the strike that has inconvenienced vacationer* at eight area hotels, hut year's end parties were planned anyway. 
Nonunion help and a decision by unionized musicians and entertainers to cross the lines assured that the parties would In* held as usual. The musicians approved a lieu Conrad early i i i December 
Maids, food servers, laundry workers, bellhops and bartenders launched their strike on Christmas 
Day in Miami Beach. On Thursday 
Kiev added Miami's Dupont Plaza and Four Ambassadors to the list ol struck hotels. Union officials said additional hotels would In1 struck as the strike continued 
T ourists really good to T exas 

AUSTIN (A P) — Spending by tourists this fall has 
"blown to smithereens" the theory of the penny-pinching traveler, the Texas Department of Highways and Public 
Transportation said Friday. 

The department issued a release quoting an unnamed statistician as saying 

"These tourists wheeled into Texas spending money 23 tier cent faster than they had just three mouths earlier, bless’em." 

But expenditures are still below those of last tall 
A typical tourist spent $21.13 a day during the fall quarter of 1976, compared with $22 68 a year earlier. Each length of its stay, compared with $353.77 last fall, the department said. 

Lawns * Beauty.* 
NURSERY m 
B A S O B a n d e r a R o o d 
*♦. Auburn, (Carpet) 

O R M S . . ru n P A lllT , ................ # W * 
U S S THAN A TULL P ALLI T 
8 7 « 
P IO * AT AM ruu n u n .. 1 .3 9 if. H u n tHAn a ruu n u n 
......... 
I .g g if $4. 
LIVI O A K TREIS...tingle, double, 
A Triple T ru n k ..................*....................... 
* I R S . and up 

W i i 
•a N 

Pottery 
Stentor y la'li AtfkS 
Potting Soil 

 in d o o r Pkanter* floorer b e d 

 la r g e De« >*vjtiwe too* 

•pea Pally 1-7 pup. 
PBOPUCTS 

Tree* 
Skroba 
Seed* 

Our a tpftlnji Stone* irdeweiig feet* 

• J d , y A l o , , . , 

PPA"S I IP 

School boards 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday January I 1977 

 will seek new utility hearing 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday January I 1977 

A Red Letter Day For Giant Savings On Famous Brand Furniture 
Famous Brand Furniture Prices Reduced 1o%,2o%,3o%EveQ 

 s a t u r d a y 

 t 

V- 
1oAM 

5-DRAWER CHEST 
S99 

1oPM 

SAVES2oo 

- 

Add Drama With This 13 Ft. 
Sectional In Luxurious Rayon Velvet! 

Once you see this beauty, you'll realize what a value it is! 96" sofa and 6o" right section combine to form a dram atic show­ piece in richest rayon velvet print! Quality details include a no-sag® spring construction, deep reversible seat cushion com fort ... even matching arm bolsters! 

1977 JANUARY 1977 

• . * ' < *. " * - • 
M ii 
> asb*. 
S P M 
. ' ; « 
W M 
°~'i<LAb'r , 

HF mm. 

, 
-rn l f A 
] 
P l ® w 
J |k 
J* 
'' i‘^.4 ** I * 

I s ii 

BABA 
** 
JST i i Bk 
I sJF l s, Chairo r 

H i 

^ m 
BH ffi®, Smm a I 
V#B 

SAVE* 18o 

Enjoy The Quiet Dignity Of This 
Colonial Design Bedroom Group! 

Here’s beauty you'll treasure a lifetime ... from famous 
Vaughan Bassett! Heirloom-quality suite is bold and rugged with heavy serpentine pilasters, massive shaped drawer, fronts, finely crafted hardware, and a Sauterne Oak finish on engraved wood products and simulated wood! 

V t -W 

S ts 

ALL 4 PIECES 

• 68" TRIPLE DRESSER 
• FRAM ED MIRROR 
• FULL/QUEEN HEADBOARD 
• NIGHT STAND 
Repeat of a V 

 j * i rn gag 
SH 

“ 
V»r 

 to n it An 

 ii a s 
Bim rn 
V ISL 
JU 

I i i 
I 
On It! 

 l l 

 rn 

OVAL I ABL I 
ANL) 4 CHAIRS OR 
4-D(X)R LIGH I ED 
CHINA CA Bl NE I 

Ii 

VOUK CHOICE 

SAVE s15o 

Invite f riends Over tonight 
.And Slum Off this Bassett Suite! 

Imagine d in in g in t h i s Mediterranean style elegance! Regal suite (us pecan grain design on wood products and simulated wood 4o **6o" oval table extends to 72", has I arm and 3 side (.hairs. Big 5o"x8o" china has 4 doors, grillwork lighted hutch with 2 glass shelves. 

 yi 
J # am I a rn a 
I m m 
| a j L 

$ ii.. .w 

IT 
S I 

 ma)sd® w l iftf 
■ 
M i l 

■ii 

 i i , 

© sk s5 B o o k c s 

 i 

• 56"x22" COCKT AIL TABLE 
• 27"x22" END TABLE 

YOUR CHOICE 

SAVE *69 

Take Your Pick Of Lovely Lane fables At Warehouse Savings Now! 

Enjoy unmistakable Lane craftsm anship ... W alnut veneers on selected hardwood solids ... clean, sculptured lines de­ signed to blend beautifully with decors from Country to 
Contem porary! Choose 56"x22* Cocktail Table or 27"x22" 
End Fable with shelf ... count giant savings now! 

 i ' 

B M 

 d r I i#p*^ raj 
■ a 
GS Go On 
I F 
E l 

W 
R 

 i f i iWutmr 
■ 

 k- 

I 

I A? i w 

 tm 

> e i i . 

A , I 9 K S 

ALL 5 PCS. 

SAVE *7o 

Seat 6 ... Sleep 2 ... And Save Big 
On This Value Priced Comer Group!| 

Use it as a charming conversation center by day ... by night have a guest room for 2! Versatile group includes 2 urethane foam mattresses, 2 foundations on casters, 2 bolsters, 2 quilted floral coverlets and large walnut color corner table. 
Make any room do double duty ... at giant savings now! 

SAVE $1 o o 

Give Meals A Golden Glow With This 
Handsome 5-Pc. Dinette By Contempo! 

It look l^ e was ^‘P P ^ *n suns8me! Contemporary set in­ cludes a 42''x42'’-6o" table with gold tone double pedestal base and a 
®*°ek pattern top of wipe-clean plastic. Own it with 4* e tc h in g chairs in soft, supple Golden Tan vinyl with d » mon(* tu*tc<* hacks, gold tone swivel bases. 

 d To S e ll 

A f B I B 
W k i l l 
BM l l » 
H i m J I # i l l 
M W L B VsB r n 
W S 
I # w 
*• u: 

$ 7 5 o INSTANT CREDIT 

• N o P e rso n a l In le rv ic u s 
• N o W a itin g f o r C re d it 

• Ju st f ill O u t This A p p lic a tio n 
P resen t It A t I e v il/ W ith A ny O f 
I hest- C red it Cards tor Identification 

• M a tte r I h a r g r * B an k A r n e m e n t 

• A m eric an I c p i t s ’. • < a r le B la n ch e • tim e r s ( lu h 

You Have$75olnstant Credit 
On Levity Revolving Charge Plan, luke Your Purchase With You Or 
Arrange For Speedy Delivery. rr. at i a s t m in t 
INSTANT APPROVAL STATEMENT 
“ I 

No 

CwotHri Add'#*s 
■ lase 
I v 

La^aio.a O' Mongago. and agg.au 

Mans/Eay 
Ba* Oar#* 

Bans Naiaignca and agg.eu 

ErrsptoV* % N#m# Arn) Address 
OcCw<?#«*On 
IO • 
**<m tong v. M 
OM 

C'aO’i Bai*.anc a ii dan* And muaiknani Pu'cnacMi - addta u 

Baiai.va » **a«>a 

Aytoatdbtm 
P»AtA NO 
OfHMFff 
No 
R.nAnuMj ThrouQS 
Mas* 
Vf 

.nat.y.1. rf., ow ann I .ye.a Caca* 
I imp. .rn Cam on Siaiantant 
? Mamcwa Camon 
J C ompiaM Staiamam 

 aptatam MmM Ba Ua>nAa», t .nuoyac) Ha** A Cur**M SIMI I* .* • yoanM Ba a awa. a«a and na*a a van*aua I 

We’re jam-packed with hundreds of dis­ continued items ... and new stock is roll­ ing in every day! We need room - lots of 
There's only one answer .. . clear the aisles and racks! Close out all the floor samples 
...all the odds & ends ... and countless 
“as-is" items... regardless of original cost! We don’t have a choice - but 
YOU have! Right now - TODAY - you can choose from a giant selection of Famous 
Furniture Brands at Super Savings! 

JOIN THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW... AND YOU'LL LOVE IT AT LEVITZ TOO! 

 a 543o ti RH AT FARE 

I c h ip(4 It)) A In te rsta te " 
At KtUim.tn Rd I kit 

UH A l MOKE Mt.K 
DONALD J STOM DK l> 
TELEPHONE Obi S M I 
( ( STOMER S A T H AITION 
OPEN DAILY IU A M -5 Kl P M 

Q uunutv Rights Reserved 
I’riffs Effective Thru Mon., Jan. 3* IO P.M. W bile Present Supply Lasts. 

All me re Kane} it* u priced to r pickup al o u r dock in {he original factory container O r. it you wiab. a e t! deliver for an additional charge 

RITAJLfJA o n 
KEEP-YOUR COOL 

 lf you have a problem your local store manager doesn't solve, 

Call M iami. Fla H eadquarter* 

T o ll F r e e 1 SOO 3 2 7 7 S 4 S 

• c o p v m o M i i* T » L fv iu r c i w n ' BB c x r e M a c a n o s l 

—id*. 

January I 1977 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

Rupert M u rd o ch 

C h a irm a n 

W illia m J. Reddell 

E d ito r o f E d ito ria l P a g e 

G e org e Carm ack 
Associate E d ito r 

C h a rles O . K ilpatrick 

E d ito r a n d P u b lish e r 

Fane I. Burt 

M a n a g in g E d ito r 

 msScffmaRt MMamm 
J pmW FOR Y O ' i n /M U 
- 
' 

We haven’t figured it out. 
All around us we are hear­ ing the fa m ilia r g re etin g : 
Happy New Year! 
From some it has the ring of a g e t-w e ll-c a r d . O thers make it sound like a plaintive hope, as if they w ere really saying: Good luck b e c a u s e you’re going to need it. 
A few give the greeting with a snap-crac kle-pop sureness as if they anticipate 77 will be a year in which things can be done. 
We share the latter a p ­ proach to tile custom. There s logic and history to support that view. 
During 
Bicentennial 
76 things happened, and some of them mark progress and signal milestones, some of which are worth noting. 
Alamo Plaza got a proper setting of new flagstone and landscaping and what has been designated — on a bronze tab­ let — a new B ic e n te n n ia l 
Bandstand. The bandstand is a replica of an earlier one. e x ­ cel)! the public rest rooms have been elim in a ted , thereby e s ­ ta b lish in g a need to begin plans for a Tricentennial Toi­ let, 
Farm ers Market emerged, nearly done, after a decade of su rv ey , planning, re su r v e y , re-resurvey and interminable 
Risks o f S-R-O tow enough to 

Basketball fans in San An­ tonio produce a stan d in g- room-only crowd infrequently, three or font times a season so far. S-R-o crowds in the1 Arena are illegal. 
City ordinance forbids more fans in the Arena, or other public gathering, than there arc* se a ts I" a c c o m m o d a t e them. The ordinance is being enforced, a s it is supposed to be. 
And that s a problem for the 
Spurs’ m anagem ent, working hard for all the income it can get to offset the gam es where attendance is much less than a lull house. 
The problem is for policy- level people to ta c kle. The 

 bureaucratic busy work. It is noteworthy because it is going to be a handsome re-discovery for San Antonians and visitors. 
The good news was that the job has been done — almost. 
Park-and-ride a p p e a rs to have been established in the vocabulary if not the custom of 
San Antonians. 
In the first direct ballot-box test of the question, San An­ tonians voted 8o per cent in fa­ vor of doing what’s necessary to safeguard quality of their water supply. 
Texas 
Utility 
Commission passed its first tough test by shaving phone rate increases by HO per cent. 
San Antonio professional basketball got its NBA fran­ chise and, better still, is hold­ ing its own in the league. 
And a city master plan was surviving opposition born of neglect of planning that kept people from u n d er sta n d in g what it is. 
Walk along the river, along the streets, through the m u ­ s e u m s and sch ools and churches, into new businesses and neighborhoods and along the lighted freew ays and re­ m e m b e r how the other big towns looked last tim e you were there. Our town is mak­ ing it pretty well. New 77 can be a happy one. spurs crowds accom m odate 

Arena is m o d e r n , v irtu ally fireproof, with an abundance of wide doors for easy exit. Since sell-out g a m e s are relatively rare and the Arena is to be enlarged for next season, an amendment to the Life Safety 
Code se e m s both logical and prudent. 

The F ire D e p a r tm en t is charged w itll enforcing the law 
— not w itll ignoring it 

Crowd control hasn’t been a problem at tin* Arena. So at­ tention should be given to a plan to let some 2,ooo standees into the Arena when fan de­ mand is that great. But first the code should be am ended and that’s City Council work. 

Irony rides with old debt 

The government of the Peo­ ple’s Republic of Hungary paid into the V S. 
Treasury last week $4,327,271.41. 
That m akes Hungary cu r­ rent on its debts to the U.S. and allows American residents to buy Hungarian securities or make loans to Hungarian resi­ dents 
But t h e r e ’s irony in the 
Hungarian condition vis a vis 

 the V. S. The V. S. has made grants, loans and given other assistance to many countries user the years, some of which debt has been forgiven, some still on the books and so m e clearly uncollectable. 
Hungary’s debt is for pur­ chase of surplus flour in the 
U.S. with money from a World 
War I relief loan. That was 75 years ago. 

A CCK - 
• A 

 r., 
- ■" 

 nL* 
A-.- 

’77 has enough going to he a happy year 

' 
■ •"■Av 
AAA sr*. 

■ 
• 
- , ■ t rnss 

Playing Santa 

Sir. RE ILG.P .’s letter "Why are you suing Coastal?" Apparently City 
Council is to play Santa Claus — if they plan not to return tile money to the rightful owners. 
T he m on ey b elo n g s to Hie C PS custom ers who were overcharged. 
They .suffered hardships and money pinches due to Oscar's rip-off. True, some of the money belongs to City 
( ouneil members for what they were overcharged, but the bulk of the sum of overcharges belongs to tin* CDS customers, not City Council. 
They got some bright ideas what to do with the returned money, which they apparently plan to confiscate. 
Let them play Santa and dole out what is in Santa’s grabbag as long as it is their overcharges, not ours. 
City Council m em bers are finan­ cially and materially better off than the majority of tho consum ers who were knocked out by Oscar W yatt’s en ergy flash. Som ebody m a d e the remark that San Antonio is a unique city with unique people. 
Well, we know now where to find some of those unique people 
Penna J.M. Finley 

Spurs should use influence 

Sir 
According to Grog Haber of 
WGA! Radio, lie would have to get cleat alice from the San Antonio 
Spurs before he could have Tom 
Ni.salke (ex-Spurs’ coach) as a guest on his radio talk-show. If this is the case, I wonder why the Spurs can’t evert the sam e "influence" to con­ vince KENS-TV to televise the NBA gam es on Sunday afternoons. 

F.J.L. 

Letter misses point entirely 

Sir: Mr. McMillan’s letter (Dec. 
28) taking Pat Buchanan to task for his suggestion that the GGP exploit the inherent weaknesses of the di­ verse coalition which elected Jim m y 
(’arter, misses the point entirely. 
At issue is not the left-of-center 
Cabinet appointments made by our next President, but the fact that the ethnic voters who put him in office did so in the belief that he was a conservative opposed to more federal interference in their lives. These people were traditional Democrats and Independents who voted Repub­ lican in 1968 and 1972 because of 
Richard Nixon’s conservative im age and were then betrayed by the Nix- on-Ford administration acceptance of the D em ocrat’s Great Society do­ mestic program. 
As Jim m y Carter continues to shed his old conservative image by capi­ tulating to the demands of the De­ mocratic left-wing he will lose the critical support of ethnic voters to the 
Republicans. But this will happen only if the GOF shakes the establish- mentarian image of the Ford-Rocke­ feller wing and adopts the conserva­ tive unti-W ashm gton view uf the 
Reagan-Simon party majority. This is precisely what Buchanan is advo­ cating for the party, a recognition that traditional philosophy is the key to future success. 
The ultimate victims of a Republi­ can tailure to acknowledge the only avenue open for party success will he the American people. This will be 

Southwestern 
Bell’s rates 

 l e t t a r s to th is n e w s p a p e r sh o u ld b e s h o rt a n d th e y m o st b e s ig n e d . In itials o n ly w ill b e u s e d a t w r ite r 's r e q u e s t. C o rre ct a d d r e s s a n d te le p h o n e n u m b e r fo r id e n tific a tio n o f le tte r s o re n e e d e d , l e t t e r s w ill b e e d ite d fo r le n g th , g o o d t a s t e a n d l«**gal re a s o n s . 
A d d ress; l e t t e r s to th e e d ito r, P O . B o m 2 1 7 1 , S an 
A n to n io , TX 7 8 2 9 7 . 

 because the electorate will be denied a real choice in government policies at the polling places due to virtual agreement between Democratic and 
Republican candidates. 
With these facts in mind the Re­ publican National Committee should set up a "shadow government” to monitor the Carter administration for the next four years and present the voters with constant reminders of the real difference in the two parties’ philosophy of government. Ronald 
Reagan could perform the function of the " shadow " P resid en t and the 
Northeastern w ing of the party could be represented by out-going Treasury 
Secretary W illiam Sim on as the 
"shadow” Vice President. 
Hie official "vvatch-dog" for the 
House could be Rep. Phil C rane of 
Illinois and the Senatorial version could be Sen. Jesse Helms of North 
Carolina. And so on and so forth for every major government position. 
With programs such as this the 
GGP may yet fulfill the need in 
A m erica for " govern m en t of the people, by the people, and for the people." 
Robert Paul Sicurelio 

&I976 
UO<Th 

’That 4uy Carter hasn’t got any gratitude’ 
H opes for peace in *77 

PARIS — French President 
V alery Giseard d’Estaing is convinced that 1977 must be the year in which peace is at last established in the Middle 
I*.ast. 
He is also convinced there t au be no advantage to any party iii post- laming a settlem ent until later; and that, apart (rom the nations directly involved in the A rab-Jsraeh dispute, the entire world would benefit. 
" E v e r y th in g should be done lo m ake 19/7 the y ear of Middle East peace," he told m e in a m e i n con­ versation 
‘ Aud ii is possible, I am c o n ­ vinced. AH oi Le- — certainly in iii* 
W* stern world anti also am ong the 
Arab states and Israel — ar** deeply and directly concerned T here is no reason for unyone to think it would 
Im* easier to m ake peace later 
Exploration 

"We should explore all possible roads that might lead to peace in 
1977. Months ago I told Henry Kis­ singer that 197B would not be the year of peace in the Middle East but ttwt 1977 would be more favorable 
"The unhappy Lebanese conflict 

 has now finished — contributing a stabilising clement. It put an end to the internal chaos in Lebanon and to the bitter dispute between Syria ami 
Egypt. The Arab world has shifted opinion* The extremist position is w eak en ed 
Saudi A rabia is now* play mg a very positive rule. 
Concerned 
I am truly hopeful that ii we all work together, keeping in mind that 
1977 is the best possible opportunity and tim**, we can succeed 
F ra n c e ’s chief of stat** is a h u concerned about (tic effect *>i rising 
Iud prices in Europe brought about by th** OPEC oil cartel. 
IL* does not believe — as some o b se r v e r s do — that O P E ! is crumbling as an organization, 
Moreover, although the present split in its attitudes has produced a double petroleum price level, he thinks the consequent rate will be an im portant new su rch a rg e on 
West Europe, especially France and 
Federal Germany. 
A good deal of our talk related in one or another way to Communism in its various forms. 
D iscard s e e m s o p tim istic that 
Y u g o sla v ia (w h ich h e has iu d 

C.L 
Sulzberger* 

 visited) will manage to maintain its independence and freedom of action after the death of 84-year*old Mar­ shal Tao. 
Analysis 

Since what is now* called "Euro­ communism" was born in Belgrade 
29 years ago when Tito severed lies with Moscow, rebuffing all Soviet blot* threats, discussion of discard's visit led naturally to analysis of si- m ila r n a tio n a list 
C o m m u n ist movements. 
He doesn't seem to accept per­ sonally th** word " E u r o c o m m u n ­ ism'' which lie appears to think is loosely and carelessly used. Thus, in sam e countries (and one must infer that he includes France) it is his belief that p u blicized d iffe r ­ ences between local party views arid 
Soviet policy represent sim ple tac­ 

 tical changes in search of political success. 
For b im , su ch t a c t i c s d o n ’t represent any genuine new ideolo­ gical development. 
Yet he d o es a p p a ren tly think there m ig h t be a true " Italian " 
( ominuuisin — in that country — rather than a broader "European" form. 
The italian Communists give an impression of being fundamentally adapted to a West European indus­ trial society — although even i i i this respect, were they lo gain official power in R o m e, that fact m ight contradict th** development of the 
European c o m m u n ity which has h o m o g e n e o u s a m u s e m e n t s in which they couldn't play a rule. 
Of course Un* greatest < ommumst heresy from the standpoint of Mos­ cow, where Leninism was first es­ tablished, is that of China. 

Europe 
F rance s e e m s persuaded that, d esp ite the sh ifts in the guiding personnel of the Peking regime, it will continue to follow its basic for­ eign policy line. 
This means continuing the break with Moscow and maintaining rela­ 

 tively good relations with the West. 

In te r m s of W estern E u rop e, 
P u n s is clearly concerned about developments within its two princi­ pal EEC partners, West Germany aud Britain 
G iseard a ck n ow led g es that the tier ma us have a splendid organiza­ tion with an active and well-run in­ dustry. 
M oreover, the West G erm an economy at tilts moment is excep­ tionally well placed to furnish cur­ rent international requirements and special equipment. 
But he thinks France s position in tins sense will improve within a r**- lattvely short period. 
The British problem is complex 
H ow ever, the p resid en t d o e s n ’t seem to fear any imminent distnte- graben despite British engulfment in economic difficulties, 
Friendly nations like the E S A , 
G erm an y arid F ran ce are doing what they can to help 
One absolute necessity is to clear up the m e n a c e of the e x is tin g sterling balance situation. 
Almost six years ago, Giseard, us finance minister, warned the then 
Torv government this was inevita­ bly hound to cause grav e trouble. 

Sir; Rid yourself of your Robert 
Ochoas — they fail to know their subjects re; Southwestern Bell — 
IT&T and/or AT&T. Also, when will we read what per cent of the gross the rate increase amounted to — ride your best taxpayer into the ground. 
C. J. Tolle 

(NOTE: 
Ochoa knows now and 
B ell has ap p ealed T exa s U tility 
Commission’s rate decision.) 

Thanks tor 
CFC support 

Sir; On behalf of Lf. Gen. Allen 
M. Burdett, chairman of the San 
Antonio area C om bined F ed era l 
Campaign (CFC), I want to take a moment to express our gratitude for your support of OFC. 
This year’s cam paign broke all records in achieving total giving of 
$2,9oo,485.44, representing 132.7 per cent of the goal for the federal workers in San Antonio. 
The outstanding coverage, and the prominence almost always given to our stories helped reinforce our in­ ternal publicity efforts, and raise public awareness of the campaign. 
Also, a special thank you for your very generous editorial support. 
Best wishes to you and your staff members whose efforts helped bring happiness to thousands less fortunate than ourselves. 
Col. Jam es B. Reed 

Dozens better qualified than Bell 

BOSTON 
— 
In 
1966 the 
Georgia House of Representa­ tives refused to seat Julian 
Bond, a newly elected black member. 
The reason was his endorsement of a statement by the Student Non-vio­ lent Coordinating C om m ittee criti­ cizing the war in Vietnam and sym ­ pathizing with men who resisted the draft for service there. 
Bond sued, claiming a violation of his right to free expression under the 
First Amendment . 
He lost in the F ed era l D istric t 
Court. 
An opinion co-authored by Judge 
Griffin Bell said: "The SNCC state­ ment is at war with the national po­ licy of this country. . . . We are com ­ mitted in Vietnam.” 
Legislator 
A legislator lias less right to free speech than a private citizen , the opinion reasoned, because he takes an oath to support the Constitution. 
The court said the Georgia House could properly find Bond’s endorse­ m ent of the 
SNQC sta te m e n t inconsistent with the oath, and could exclude him. 
That decision was quickly and un­ animously reversed by the Supreme 
Court. 
Read today, just IO years later, it seem s like something from the dark a g e s of ju d ic ia l jin g o ism d u rin g 
World War I. 
No one would bother to read such an anacronistic, discredited opinion now — except that it so recently was the considered judgment of the man named to be the next attorney gener­ al of the United States. 
Bell 

J im m y C arter sa y s that Griffin 
Bell is superbly qualified. With most n om in ees, such a c la im would be hard to test. 
But a man who sits on the bench for fifteen years, as Bell did, leaves a record — his opinions in the law* re­ ports. 
I have read a very sm all part of 
Judge Bell’s large output, but I think enough for a fair im pression of his work. 
The Bell opinions I have read are singularly opaque. 
They show none of the intellectual com m an d , the m a rsh a lin g of la n ­ guage that mark a great appellate judge. 
They ring of no passion for justice. 
They are unanalytical, almost inarti­ culate. 
So tar as one can tell the quality of mind behind them — and you usually can tell a good deal — it is second rate. 
C arter, in ad d ition to p r a isin g 
Judge B ell’s intellectual q u alifica­ tions, has implied that lie was a ju­ dicial leader in bringing the South into a new age on race relations. The record is otherwise. 
Record 

The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, on which Judge 
Bell sat, was at the center of the s tr u g g le o ver se g r e g a tio n in th e 
South. But other judges led the fight tor compliance with the Constitution. 
They ar** among our great contem­ porary ju d icial h eroes, and th eir names are no secret: am ong them 
Richard I . Rives, Elbert P. Tuttle and John Minor Wisdom. 
Griffin Bell often disagreed with 
Judges Rives, Tuttle and Wisdom on racial questions. As the S u p rem e 
Court spelled out the law*, clo sin g mort* and more loopholes. Judge Bell wrote opinions complying in narrow terms, 
He by no means defied the law in tile name of segregation, hut it is a travesty to class him with his legen­ dary colleagues on the Fifth Circuit. 
Those im pressions of Griffin Bell as a ludge were checked with people who know the man and his work inti­ mately, 
The unhappy but unavoidable con­ clusion is that he is an u n d is tin ­ guished legal thinker, conservative iii in stin c t, with no d em o n stra ted breadth of m oral or philosophical outlook. 
Criticism 

Much of the criticism lias focused mistakenly on Griffin Bell’s personal friendship with J im m y Carter. A president must have confidence in his attorney general, and friendship need not he disabling. 
The real question is whether the friend has the needed qu alities of mind and heart. 
Herbert Brownell Jr. had the cre­ dentials on paper when P resid ent 
E isen h ow er n a m ed h im , hut he turned out to be an opportunist. 
Robert Kennedy had few on paper, but he had an open mind and a com­ passion that made him a humane in­ fluence on his brother. 
Griffin B d l has a reputation as a 
-killed negotiator. The chances un* thai lie will he a belter attorney gen­ eral than some. 
He is not lik e ly to sink to the corrupt level of, say, Richard Klein- dienst or John Mitchell. 
But will he have the Independence and the moral conviction and the in. tellectual self-con fiden ce to resist p r essu re from the in te llig e n c e agencies as Edward Levi has? Or to hear the tither necessary burdens? 
The record is not encouraging. 
An attorney general of unassailable q u ality is m ore ce n tr a l in th is country now than in the past. 

Conaway: 
Boiling fury fights crime 

Charles 
Conaway anything about 
Would change himself? 
“ I ’d lik e n ot to be u g l y , ” he answ ers at once. 
T hen he leans back in his brown leath er c h a ir, la u g h s and say s, no th e re ’s p robably not a n y th in g he'd change. 
T he first c o m m e n t, of cou rse, is m ore interesting and m ore revealing about the assistan t district attorney, who’s known for his tem per and his m e r c ile s s s ta n d a g a in s t h a r d c o r e crim inals. 
Short, stocky 

It’s true Conaway certainly isn’t an exam ple of tall, dark and handsom e good iooks. 
He’s short, stocky, alm ost as bald as Kojak. I f s not uncom m on for his ruddy complexion to light up like a red C hristm as bulb. Red for uncom ­ fortable em otions and for anger. 
T hat red -lig h t a n g e r h as w orked for him — and against him. 
It was his ang er that spun him into a couple of w ell-p ub licized c o u r t­ house skirm ishes. One was with Hist. 
Judge John B enavides, another with attorney Pete Torres. 
No choice 
“ Someone else m ig ht have put up with all the insu lts (from T o rre s ). 
But. I didn't feel I had any choice but to hit h im ,” Conaway explains with assurance. “ W e’re better friends now than before.” 
T h e a s s i s t a n t d i s t r i c t a t t o r n e y d o e s n 't g e t into fig h ts b e c a u s e he feels personally insulted, he explains. 
He fights because he feels som ething trag ic is h a p p en in g to an o th e r p e r ­ son. A victim. 
Conaway, w ho’s been in the district attorney's office som e 12 years, says he has a lot of em p ath y for victim s — so m u ch e m p a th y he g e ts fu rio u s when lie s Hie prosecuting attorney. 
His te m p e r fla re s and h e ’s so co n ­ vinced he con vinces the ju d g e and jury. 
“ P a rt of th e su c cess I ve had in prosecuting is m y an g er at what the d e f e n d a n t’s d o n e ,” he a d ­ m its s o m e w h a t c a s u a l l y . 
“ T h at a n g e r c a rr ie s to the judge and ju ry .” 
Not passive 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I I 977 
P a g e 
7 - A 

Market ends year with strong surge 

Davidson 

 of p o v erty or b e c a u se of m in o rity status which blocked other roads. 
Poverty no cause 
“ T here are millions and millions of people who grew up poor and did it without ro bbing.” 
The attorney has gotten the death penalty for six m en. He has no re ­ grets. He’s lost no sleep. 
“ T h e so o n er they all get e le c tro ­ cuted the better . . . I have no pity for them. 
“ W h at m e r c y do th e y sho w th e people they a ttack ?" 
Conaway m oves up to his d esk to put m o re tobacco in his pipe. 
“ lf everyone saw the things I see, m any m any of them would feel the sam e way. It s a sh am e they c a n ’t see 

Oil the surface, you don't see the a n g e r in Conaway. 
Not while he slowly sm okes h is p ip e a n d i n f o r m a l ly props his feet on the desk. 
——— 
But h is c a lm n e s s is th e calm of a cat th at m ight pounce any minute. H e's not a passive ch aracter. 
“ I dislike it so intensely when so­ meone hurts other people . . . w hen­ ever you begin to analyze and see that somebody hurt som ebody of free will, it s difficult for m e to see the justifi­ cation." 
T h e a s s i s t a n t d i s t r i c t a t t o r n e y doesn’t go along with the arg u m e n t that people com m it c rim e s because 

*Part o f the success 
Vee had in prosecuting is m y anger at what the defendant 9s don e.' 

 the sights and sounds — the loss of lives, property, the d egradatio n." 
Are you alw ays so determ ined? 
Open mind 

“ I try to keep an open mind. Once I m ake up m y m ind, it s very difficult to change it,” Conaway adm its. “ My mind is closed on how to deal with people who c o m m it ra p e , m u r d e r. break out of prison, sell heroin. 

F L A M B O Y A N T C h a rle s C o n ­ aw ay says his job as assistant d istrict a tto rn e y e n te rta in s him. 

M A O PHOTO BY 1ARKY TARMACS 
The m ind of the 39-year-old prose­ c u to r also s n a p s s h u t on his w ork when he leaves th e co u rth o u se, he sa y s. At th e s a m e tim e , he ta lk s about being thankful every tim e he walks to his car and it h a sn ’t been stolen. Or, every tim e he goes hom e and his house h a s n ’t been b u r g la r ­ ized. 
When C onaw ay is n ’t w o rk in g , lie hunts, he fishes, he reads. He reads the New Y orker, Saturday Review. 
He also likes E d g a r Allen P oe and 
“ Shakespeare, n atu rally .” 
Poe? His b iz a r re m u r d e r sto ries and your work? “ I alm ost d id n ’t tell you th at.” Conaway laughs. 
But, he's the first to adm it h e’s as intrigued with the bizarre lives peo­ ple live as with the straight lives. 
T h a t’s what he likes about his job, he says. He gets to see and talk to both the dregs and the leaders of society. i t fascinates m e that th e re ’s such a difference in the way people live,” 
C onaway c o n tin u es, telling a sto ry about a heroin add ict p assing the 8 a m. to 5 p.m. insurance salesm an on the street. “ The salesm an has no idea the person he just passed is a w alking tim eb om b." 
As Conaway says, his job en tertain s him. 
So you don’t expect him to say he m a y not s ta y . B u t. he d o e s . T h e attorney says h e's always wanted to be a teacher — an English or history teacher. He also says he’s thinking of going into private law practice for tin money. 
Political whispers 

What he won t say is that there a re w hispers of a political future fur the ruddy-faced attorney. 
Ambition? “ I w ouldn’t say I have a w hole lot of a m b itio n . If I d id , I wouldn’t be in this job so long,” he says in his typical controlled tones. 
What lie says m ay be true, but so­ mehow it’s hard to believe. 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 

 iv EW YORK - The stock m arket, r e g is­ tering some high hopes for 1977, finished off its second strong year in a row with a broad gain 
Friday. 
The advance pushed the 
Dow Jones industrial a v er­ ag e a b o v e 1,o(1o at New- 
Y e a r’s for th e first tim e since 1972. 
T h e c lo s e ly follow ed a v e r a g e of 3o b lu e c h ip s c lim b e d 5.56 to 1,oo4.65, stretching its gain for tho last w eek of tho y e a r to 
19.o3 points. 
F o r 1976 th e a v e r a g e chalked up an advance of 
152.24 points, or 17.9 p er cent, after a 38.3 per cent jum p in 1975. 
High 

The Dow s only previous yearend close above I.HOO cam e four years ago, when it finished at 1,o2o o2 on tilt? way to its alltim e high of 
1,o51.7o on Jan. ll. 1973. 
G ain ers outpaced losers by about a 3-1 m argin in the d a ily ta lly of New Y o rk 
Stock Exchange issues. 
Big Board volume in the preholiday session dropped off to 19.17 million shares. dow n from 23.7o m illio n 
T hursday and the lightest total since a 17.o3 million- share day on Nov. 3o. 
It w as a q u i e t d ay for e c o n o m ic new s. But a n ­ aly s ts noted a s p r e a d in g belief that business activity was gath ering m om entum a fte r s e v e r a l s lu g g is h months since last sum m er. 
They also said investors seemed hopeful for a replay of the b o om ing ra llie s in stock prices in the past two 
Januarys, with yearend tax selling completed. 
T h e D ow ’s ris e to its h ig h e s t lev el sin c e S e p ­ te m b e r, when it hit its 197o peak of 1,o14.79, was by no means the whole story. The 

Markets are on Cages 3-5C 

 broad ran g e of secondary sto c k s c o n tin u e d th e ir recent p attern of ru nn in g w ell a h e a d of the b lu e . chips. 
The m a rk et value index at th e A m e ric a n S to ck 
Exchange 
— traditional hom e of m an y lower-priced issues — jum p ed 1.18 to 

1o9.84. the highest close for tile index since it w as in ­ augurated Sept. J. 1973. 

The m arket s advance to such heights over tin' past sev eral w eeks c a m e as a fortuitous development for m a n y in v e s to rs , sin c e 
F r id a y ’s p ric e s a re to be 

 used as a bas** in the future for figuring estate taxes. 

In effect, the rally since rn id -N o v e m b e r th u s p r e ­ sented investors will som e nice g a m s on which th eir heirs will not need to pay tax 

Individual issues that did well F rid a y included G e n ­ eral Motors, up a fraction in active trading. 

D O W T O N E S I N D U S T R I A L A V E R A G E . N Y S E I N D E X 

E-> ANALYSIS 

New laws are matters o f life9 death and taxes 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - Life and death a re am o n g the s u b ­ jects of various new federal and state laws which go into effect on 
New Y ear's Day. 
U nd er a new C alifo rn ia s t a ­ tute, a doctor can rem ove life* support equipm ent from a dying patient if the patient h a s given such a u th o riz a tio n w ithin th e past five years 
S ta r ti n g S a tu r d a y , an a p ­ plicant for a V irginia d r iv e r 's license can fill out a form a u th ­ orizing the use of parts of his or her body for tra n sp la n ts, t h e r ­ apy, research or education. But lf the licensee later decides dif­ ferently. the authorization can be 

 crossed out 
New federal tax revisions will affect millions of persons in 1977 
According to a change in the federal estate tax law, heirs will have to be able to prove for tax purposes th** value of stocks or bonds they inherit as computed from Dec, 31. 1976 
Under the old law, no tax was paid on c a p ital g a in s a c c ru e d while the deceased was alive 
A n o th e r new tax law h e lp s taxpayers over 65 who sell their homes. As of Saturday, the first 
$35,ooo of the sale price is e x ­ empt, com pared to the old limit of $2o,ooo. 
But the elderly lose cml finan­ 

 cially on another new regulation. 
M ed ic are re c ip ie n ts w ill now have to pay the first $124 of their hospital bills, com p ared to the old charge of $HH 
And e n lis te e s in th e a r m e d s e n ices w ill have to start pax mg for th** p r iv ile g e of GI B ill educational benefits. 
Previously, qualified veterans didn t have to contribute an y th ­ ing to get up to $292 a month in educational benefits after their discharge. 
But now, enlistees m ust con­ tribute $5o to 75 a month in order to get $2 for I m atching govern­ ment funds when they later go to school. 

ANALYSIS BY CHARLES I CARDEN 
MONDAY — P rices w ere broadly and sharply higher but on light volume. The 
Dow Jones Industrial A ver­ age clim bed steadily and closed up 1o.47. Among its 
3o com ponents, 26 rose and only one d e c lin e d . Even though trading was light, 7o per cent of it was on the upside. 
TUESDAY 
- The Dow flirted with the I.(MKI line all day, hut barely m anaged to hold above it at the close by a h a ir . T h e c lo s e w a s 
1ooo.o8, up 3.99 on the day. 
It w as the first close above 
1.ooo since Sept. 27. Since 
Nov. IO. it has added 76o4 points, of w hich 27.o7 have been m ade in the last five trading days. 

WEDNESDAY 
- In ty­ pical profit taking after the gains of the previous five sessions, the IXJ IA closed off 5.15. 
T H U R SD A Y 
- 
T h e m ark et as m easured by the 
NYSE index of all com m on stocks reached its highest d o s e in three y ears and one month, closing up o.28 at 
57.56. Breadth of the gain was shown in the fact that 

 ad v an c es topped d eclin es by about 2 1/2 to I. The Dow 
Industrials, moving above 
UMM) for m uch of th** day, closed up 4.16 at 999.o9 
FRIDAY 
- The m arket was ahead on each hourly r e a d i n g , a n d th e D J IA closed up 5.56 at HMH 65 — its highest close since Sep­ tem b er. V olum e w as re la ­ tively light at 19.17(1,(MMI. 
SUMMARY — T he m ar- ket posted its fourth weekly a d v a n c e in a ro w . T h e w eek’s advance tin tile Dow of 19.o3 resulted in a net rise in 1976 of 152 points, com pared with tile 1975 rise of 236 points. The NYSE index of all com m on stocks m ade a m uch g reater p er­ centage rise of 1o.24 points, com pared with the 1975 rise of 11.51. In this final week of 1976, the NYSE index 
{M isted its highest close in three years and one m onth at 57 HH 
RANGE 
— H igh w as m a d e on 
T u e s d a y a t 
KMM* 82. Low was m ad e on 
M onday at 982.71. Close, 
Friday, HMH.65. Gain on the w eek, 19.o3. V olum e, all shares traded oil the NYSE, 
11o.7o million shares 

 i i i *: 
U n | VV, . k nil*, w . . k ll.,I 
V-k 
HUI 
A-k 
S n 
4 Ii.hilt'' 

A m er Se** L i f e ............... . . . 2 '» 
A 
2'.* ii1 t o p ' 4 

B e x a r (lo . B k .................. 
. 3 I 
A X 
A I 
A I 

( iafclcria* l o * ' ............... . . 
IH 
P» 
P P • 
2 o ' • o p I 1 i 

D u J a p o i o t ........................ 
For****! O i l ........................ 
. . iJB1 » 
2'J 
2't 
2 't'i o p H 

. . J 1 1 st 
2 1 ' : 
21 
. 
2 2 u p Vi 

Front B an k • airn . . . . 
. . 2d' * 
■►•ii ., 
2 o * : 
2 2 1 .* 
G o l f E n e r g y .................. 
. . . U U q 
8* * 
*> 
L*nt** Star B r ew . . . . . 
. . 11 it 
12 
12 
12'n o p 'it 

< llyiiipiu B r e w 
............ 
IT' * 
H* 
17 
• In 11 

N B G o f T c \ u > ............... . . . 
Art 
3 7 
3 3 
3 7 
S ig io o r f o r p .................. 
1 1 11 
12' * 
12 
12' o p Vt 

W ii m n ................................. 
!H> • 
PP • 
IHG* 
P»'.* 

M e r c a n tile l e x G o rp . 
. 2 .V * 
2(*' * 
23' .* 
2<e » 
•Iii ' t 

W H A 
Id-* 
HO. 
Nm 

V V . , k 
U . , k 
4 hatter- 

( aMirnv In**. ..................... .................. 
. 
P t p 1 

F n x -S la n lev Pilot** 
. 
H ii 
HH d o ' a 
H o w e ll ( n m 
IHG 
8 H lip VR 

IJ I Viol o r I O l i n ............. 
IU ii up V i 

> w . 

I 

3 1'» o n 2 

 l i u r t e - l l u i i k n .................. 
. 2 8 ’n 
2H 
I *■* 
.III 

I rnoro P e l. ..................... 
. I V » lf*1 St o p ‘/ti 

MI l l VI t i M I S 

I ISA V < lap G r o w th . 
« e •«.''»#« - . 8 .o 2 
8 .2 ! lip .1 9 
USA A I n c o m e ............... . . . . . . . 
M H I 
I u r n o |* . IV 
I o ile d Serv i c e * .............. 
. 1.37 
1 . 1 2 ii I* J I » 

Social Security taxes for mil lions rises in r77 

AbSOCiATtD MESS 

WASHINGTON — Millions of 
Americans will pay as much as 
$7o.2o more in Social Security taxes in the new year. 
By law, the m axim um annual tax paym ent in c reases from $895.o5 in 
1976 to $965.25 iii 1977. F orty y e a rs ago, in 1937, the m axim um tax was 
$3o a year. 
But only th e 19 m illio n or so 
Americans earning more than $15,3oo will pay a higher tax in 1977. The tax ra te on a w o rk e r s in c o m e w ill rem ain at 5.85 per cent, so persons who earn less than $15,3oo will not jiay any m ore than they paid on the sam e amount of earnings last year. 
Cutoff raised 
In 1976, a w o rk e r h ad p a id all 
Social Security tax obligations by the tim e he reached the $15,-3oo salary level, and income over this was not subject to additional tax. P ersons for whom tax deductions stopped in 1976 after they reach ed the cutoff point will find the tax is being d ed u cte d , from their checks longer. 
The cutoff for wages and salaries in 
1977 has been raised to $16,5oo, above 

 which no additional Social Security tax will he collected. About 16 million workers earn more than $16,5oo 
The increase in the tax is autom atic in the year after which there has been an increase in Social Security b e n ­ efits, which rose 8.4 per cent i i i 1976. 
The m axim um Social Security tux on self-em ployed p erson s will rise from $1,2o8 7o4o $1,3o3,5o in 1977. 
The in c reases, which h av e to be matched by em ployers, will produce an e s t im a te d $2.3 b illio n fo r th e 
Social Security system. However, this w ill not c lo s e th e g a p of b e n e f i t p a y m e n ts o v e r in c o m e w h ich am ounted to about $4 3 billion lust year. 
Rising sharply 

Although the Social S ecu rity tax bite has been rising sharply since the early 196os. it still has not kept pace with the flow of benefits. T h e re is concern that the s y s te m s re s e rv e s will be eroded and that it may have to turn to general tax revenues to keep gouig. 
The m axim um tax was just $39 a year between 1937 and 1949. Then it rose slowly to $174 in 1963. Additional benefits for M edicare for the aged 

 and disabled pushed the m a x im u m tax to $277.2o by 1966. 
Increases becam e even steeper in subsequent y ears, rising to a m a x ­ im um $29o.4o in 1967, $343.2o in 1968, 
$374 4o in 1969, $4o5.6o in 1971, $468 in 
1972. $631 8o in 1973, $772 2o in 1974, 
$824 85 in 1975 and $895 o5 iii 1976. 
Also in 
1977, o u t-o f-p o c k e t paym ents for M edicare hospital in ­ surance are to increase 19 per cent on 
Jan. I, meaning that elderly or d is a ­ bled persons entering a hospital will he responsible for the first $124 of their initial bill for a two-month p e r­ iod, up from $1o4 in 1976. 
Premiums hiked 
Monthly prem iu m s for su p p lem en ­ tary m edical in s u ra n c e will he in ­ creased by 5o cents for 25 4 million 
Medicare beneficiaries beginning in 
Ju ly . T h e in c r e a s e w ill r a i s e th e monthly prem ium to $7.7o. 
P ersons receiving Social S ecurity b e n e fits c a n g a in fro m a n o t h e r change this year. The limit on e a rn ­ ings they can m ake without losing the r e t i r e m e n t b e n e f its h a s b een i n ­ creased from $2,76o to $3,ooo. 
After earning $3,ooo. a person loses 
$1 in S ocial S e c u rity b e n e f its for e v e ry $2 o u tsid e in co m e. 

BILL MILLER BAR-B-QUE COUPON 
Delicious^ 
Bar-B-Que B eef Plate 

A complete meal with: V* lh. BSQ Beef, a serv- 
_ tq ing of pinto beans, potatoes, cole slaw, with 
oNlY pickle, onion, bread, and sauce ... regularly $1.75. lijnit 6 specials effective t h r u w e d n e s d a y , j a n u a r y s, f 977 

\ 
Fresh be 
LV 
BROY 

 iked 
VNIES, 
Rec, 
IOC I 
I l a ....................... 

--------r * 
- = f ------ r i 
I£ 

< 
Dos. 

To Go 
Only 
I 

♦ 

Poge 
8-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday January I 1977 
Despite change,'Days’ stars thrilled with show 

Host Bob Barker, left, and G ran d M a r ­ shals Dale Evans and R o y R o g e rs w ill participate in the 88th annual Tour­ nam ent of R oses P arad e and P a ge a n t 
Saturday, 1o:3o a.m., Ch. 5. 

Nearly three years ago “ Happy Days” ar­ rived on the television 
J.scene as a modest rip­ off of the 1973 movie, 
“American Graffiti.” 
It sta rre d Ron Howard, 
Tom Bosley, Marian Ross and E rin M oran as th e 
Cunningham family. 
Also in the east w ere a group of young second ban­ an a s, R alp h , P o tsie and 
Fonzie. These were Richie 
Cunningham’s buddies. 
Last year “ Happy Days” un d erw en t a change and b ec am e re a lly 
T H E 
FO N ZIE 
SHOW, with 
Henry Winkler catapulted to a starrin g role of “ the 
F o n z ,” a super-cool who turns all the girls heads. 
This season, the show is right up there on top of the rating chart, with Fonzie as the le a d in g folk hero of bubblegum America. 
But what has happened to the others in the cast? The 
“ Happy D ays” characters 

Fonzie. The netw ork and the producer didn’t have to co n su lt anyone. It was done. 
“ As a m atter of fact, they did consult Ronny Howard and I. Actually Ronny was reliev ed at th e red u c ed burden. It gives him more tim e to act in big screen films and direct. 
“ The fact that he’s now doing a supporting role as 
R ichie on 
H appy D ay s’ hasn’t hurt his career a bit. 
He’s known as a pro.” 

 who had to give way to the 
Fonz? 
__ 
Bosley told one television reporter that he was satis­ fied. “ At my age, it has af­ forded m e s ta b ility ,” he said. “ After 3o years in the business, I have a 9-to-5 job for awhile — security. 
“ T h e re w ere no h a rd feelin g s w hen th e show ch a n g ed d ir e c tio n ,” he said. “ We all accepted the fact the public wanted more 

H elps career 
Bosley 

LISTINGS 

Prnqfom listmqs compiled rn 
Hus loq ore Hi?invited by the Ie legmen station; and ore sub|«<t to last minute (Ganges 
THe newspaper is not respell sible when listings ore in error 

9 a m. (Ch. .i) - ( OTTON 
BOWL FESTIV A L P A R ­ 
ADE * An array of Texas floats, m a rc h in g b ands, precision dancers and cos­ tumed equestrians are fea­ tured in the 21st annual parade from Dallas, Texas. 
W illiam Conrad an ch o rs the sp e cia l, a s s is te d by host-eom m entators Kevin 
Dobson and B e rn a d e tte 
Peters. 

9 (Ch. 4) - JU N IO R OH 
ANGE BOWL PARADE - 
Anita Bryant, ( huck Harris and Big Bird host coverage of the 28th annual youth-or­ iented e<ent from ( oral 
Gables, Fla. 

1o.3o (Ch. I) - HOTH AN­ 
NUAL PASADENA (CA 
L IF T TOURNAMENT OF 
ROSES PARADE - Michael 
Bandon, Kelly Lange and 
Bryant Gumbel co-host co­ verage of the parade fea- lu rtn g g G ran d M a rsh a ls 
Roy 
R o g ers and 
Dale 
Evans. Rose Queen Diane 
R a m a k e r and her co u rt, floats, b an d s and e q u e s ­ trians. 

1o:3o (Ch. 5) - THE TOUR 
N AM ENT 
OE 
ROSES 
PARADE AND PAC.FANT 
- Bob Barker, David (boh. 
F ath er Rolle and Loretta 
Suit host ('BS' coverage of the 88th an n u al T o u rn a ­ ment of Roses Parade, 

1o:3o (Ch. 9) - R EB O P - 
Discover how a 14-year-old 
Puerto Rican and his fami­ ly celebrate the New Year holiday; m eet a young black actor from Washing­ ton. DX'.; and a I5-year*old 
I h in ese-A m erican g irl from New Y o rk ’s Lower 
East Side. 

11:3o (Uh 
12) - THE SU­ 
GAR BOWL * H eism an trophy winner Tony Dorsett leads the 
P itts b u rg h 
P an th ers against the Uni­ versity of Georgia Bulldogs in Nt*vv ( >i leans 

1 p.m. (Uh. 5) - I HE •COT­ 
TON BOWL • In the tradi­ tional New Y’ea r’s Day Cot­ ton Bowl football classic in 
Dallas, Texas, the Univer­ sity of Maryland Terrapins b a ttle the U n iv ersity of 
Houston Cougars. 

2 (( h 
I) . SATURDAY 
MATINEE - “ Man in the 
Dark ” William Sylvester and E lizabeth Sheppherd star. A wealthy, blind com­ poser foils the plan s of his u n faith fu l wife and h er lover to m urder him 

3 :l.i (Uh. I) • THE ROSE 
BOWL • C urt dow dy and 
Don Meredith describe the action as M ichigan’s Wol­ verines take on the Trojans of Southern California. 

6 (Ch. 12) • T H E LAW­ 
RENCE WELK SHOW - A 

KMOl-TV 
C l — N R C 
KENS-TV 
o - C B S 
KLRN-TV 
O a 
KSAT-TV T 
• £ o — A B C 
KWEX-TV 
Q p lad mm OO 
I >5 
o 
3 o or a s 

 the W o od y 
. 
Woodpecker Show 
The Pink Panther 
.augh & % 

Sylvester & fweety 
Clue Club 

Villa Alegre 

Mister Rogers1 
Neighborhood 

The Tom & Jerry / d um bly Show 
Jabbegaw 
J * * . 

 r-sr 
V I a 
” 

O 
: 
: 

Hour & Vt 
Bugs Bunny/ 
Roadrunner Hour 

Sesam e Street r Scooby D oo/ 
Dyrtotru 
Khrjw 
* 
Jmk* 

 rn, 
N 

o 
“ 
W 
3 o 
# 
, 45 

Junior O range 
Bowl Parade 
AnitaJBryant 

Cotton Bowl 
Festival Parade 
William C onrad is host with 

O nce Upon 
A Classic 
Zoom 
The Krofft 
Super show 
♦ 
CAPL'LINA 
! 
7 p.m., Ch. 41 ' 
IO! 

Rose Parade 
Preview 

1 9 7 7 Pasadena 

Kevin Dobson and 
Bernadette Peters 
The Tournament of Roses Parade 

Peter and 
The W olf 
Rebop 
Super Friends £i|| 
III 

Tau moment of Roses Parade 
Mrchael london and Kelly long*' 

 and Pageant 
Bob Barker, 
Dav d Gioh, 
[ sthi ( k\ .Me and 

C arrascolendas 

To Be 
Announced 

American 
Bandstand 
The Sugai Bowl 
Pittsburgh Panthers EL CHAPELING 
COLORADO I 
7 :31 p m . , I 
Ch 41 
I 
S2I 

 are bosn 
Loretto Swit are host* 
Five String 
Breakdown 
Chust for fancy 

 vs 
Georgia Bulldogs 

M 
OO 
J 
IS 
■ 
3 o i 
45 

N U Gam e at the Week 
! v 4 Jobs 

Cotton Bow! 
U niverse 
Masylond Terrapins vs the University 

W ord on W ords 

Guppies to 
Groupers 

 la Voz dei 
( 
E v a n g e ls 
’ 
El Show 
- de Car rn i ta 
J o“ rn 3 o 
Urn 45.... 

Saturday Matinee 
M on in the Dark > 
William Sylvester 

 of Houston 
Cougars 
By line 

Pianoplay 
BMI Dance 
Outdoors 

" ’j 
Carmita Jimenez , 

Cine del 
Sabado 
*.... -....- ..* 

MIA oo 
C 15 
^ 
3 o 
* 6 $ 45 

Elizabeth 
Sheppherd 
Pre-Game Show 
T * Rose Bowl 

The G arden Show 

Cinema Showcase 

Call if 
Macaroni 
Saturday 
Afternoon Movie 

Chicos C asaderas' 
Mancruz Olivier 
Hector Godoy 

 rn 
o o 
/ I 15 
LA s o y 45 

Michigan 
W olverines vs U SC Troians 

That G ood O le 
Nashville Music 
Survival 

A Skating bpei fa c to r 
The Resurrection of Zachary 
W heeler" 
Angie Dickinson 

Fontal na 
Falcon 

 t 
J 

*" fess OO* 
C e 
>* j o 
W * 

Sylvan Rodriguez 
CBS Evening 
N ews 

Getting On 

Zoom 

Bradford Dolman 

ABC Evening News 
Ted Koppel 

Sal y 
Pimiento 
O scar Zamora rn 
OO 

The O range Bow! 

Hee Haw with hosts 
Bu' k Ow ens and Roy Clark 

Firing line 
William r 
Buckley, Jr. 

Th# law rence 
Welk Show lucha libre 
(Wrestling) 

 urn oo 
I 15 rn 3o rn 
45 

O hio State 
Buckeyes vs. 
Colorado 
Buffaloes 

The Mary Tyler 
Moore Show 
The Bob N e wharf 
Show 

Black Perspective 
O n The News 
People and Ideas 

W onder W oman lynda Carter 
Lyle W aggoner 

 la s Aventgras de Capulma 
, 
Chespirito 
Roberto Botargos j 

C l s 
O I Sf 
All In The family 
Alice linda Levin 

Book Beat 

Anyone for 
Tennyson? 

Starsky & Hutch 
David Soul 
P M Glaser 

 lo Meior de los Po Ii voces 
Eduardo M anzano j 
Enrique Cuenca 

J f a . 
H H 
3C 
# 
45 

; I:; ; 
The Carol 

B u rn e tt Show 
Soundsfage 
' The Book of 
Chapin" 

Most W anted 
Robert Stack 
Shelly Noyack 
Jo Ann Harris 

Box de Mexico 
^ 
:: 
P 
1o1 

TV 4 Big New s 
David Cl oz 
I W eekend 

1 yewitness Ne-*> 
S- Ko.ii guez 
Star Trek 
William S h a tn e r 

Monty Python s 

Flying Circus 
PBS Movie Theafr 
Richard III ' 

NewsW atch 
G raham Smith 
$ Superstar Cinema 
The Devil & i J 
III 

) J 12S la te Shew 
The Rate Breed 
James Stewart 

>1 

 leonard N im oy 
De Forest Kelly 
Big Show 
* 
Shuttered Room 

Sn Laurence 
Olivier 

 i (12 45) Sign Off 

Miss Jones ' 
Bob Cummings 
"Cry Danger 
Dick Powell 

 la s Invencibiet , 

J 
(12) Sign O ff 
J 

P has been around the business long enough to appreciate w hat a hit TV series can do for anyone’s career. 
“ I have had to turn down 
B roadw ay plays and two movies because of schedule conflicts with the series,” he said. “ But I also know I m ight not have had those offers if I weren’t in a suc­ cessful series.” 
Bosley said the contracts for those appearing on the show, except of W inkler, have two more years to run. 
Winkler has another year on his contract but has said he will stay on. 
A nother c h a r a c te r now g e a rin g in the series is having his day, but in an­ other way. 
That is Anson W illiams who plays Potsie. 
Anson is trying to get a musical career going and the p ro d u ce rs of “ Happy 
Days” are giving him a lift. 
He recently introduced a new song called “ Deeply” on one of the episodes. It was the w ork of C harles 
Fox and N orm an Gimbel. 
The two have scored music for several other television shows, including “ Laverne and Shirley” and “ Wonder 
Woman.” Fox also did the sco re of the big b u d g et m ovie, 
“ Two 
M inute 
Warning.” 
“ I formed a partnership with them and told them what kind of song I w ant­ ed,” Anson told reporters. 
“ And they cam e up with it. 
I f s a beaut.” 
A lthough Anson as his 
P o tsie c h a r a c t e r c o n t r i­ butes much of the humor to the hit show, he’s basically a singer. He cam e out of the m u sic w orld to “ H appy 
Days.” 
Every weekend now he’s a p p e a rin g at som e s ta te fair onanother. Every place he appears, he breaks a t­ te n d an c e re c o rd s . 
You can’t beat a hit show. 
“ T he a m a z in g th in g about our show,” says the singer-aetor, “ is that we made it in our fourth year. 
E aeh y e a r we ju s t kept getting better and chipping away at the Opposition.” 
B arrio 
Anson com es from East 
Los A ngeles, w hich is known mostly as a Chicano b a rrio . His fam ily la te r m oved to B u rb a n k . His 
I friends are still the friends he grew up with. 
How long “ Happy Days” will rem ain No. One with viewers is no concern of the 

 network. Or the producers of the show. That is finan­ cially. It has already recov­ ered' its investment by sp aw n in g “ L a v e rn e and 
Shirley.” There is also an­ other spin-off in the wings 
— that of the Pinky Tusca- dero character. 
T he whole g ro u p 
— 
H enry 
W in k ler, 
Ron 
Howard, Tom Bosley and th e re s t — a r e one big happy family. 
Big as they are, none of them have the big head. It pays off in the ratings. 

★★★ 

Radio listeners tuned into the M e tro p o litan O pera broadcast on New Y e a r’s 
Day will h e a r a p e rfo r­ mance of Giacomo Puccin­ i’s “ Tosea.” 
G race M elzia B u m b ry will fill the Tosca role, with 
Guiseppe Giacomini as Cav- aradossi, Sherrill Milnes as 
Scarpia and Renato Capec- chi as Sacristan. Nello Santi is the conductor. 

The program will be car­ ried on KMAC and KISS- 
FM at I p.m. 

★ ★★ 

B ruce G eller, the m an who c re a te d and m ad e 
“ Mission: Impossible” and 
“ Mannix,” doesn’t have a continuing show on the air this year for the first time in a decade. 
But he has a few w arm ­ ing up in the bullpen. 
“ I have two I am hopeful about,” says Geller. "One is about a flam b o y a n t lawyer. The other is about a team of inventors and math geniuses who can do almost anything. 
Geller thinks one or both of those is a good bet for the schedule next fall. 

★ ★ ★ 

P hilad e lp h ia 's .Juvenile 
Diabetes F oundation has n am ed Bobby T ro u p of 
“ Emergency!” as “ Super 
Achiever of 1977.” 
Bobby has devoted much of his time to the organiza­ tion and he will be reward­ ed this month in Philadel­ phia when the guard cere­ monies are held. ifirit 

World War II air ace 
Gregory “ P ap p y ” Boying- ton will appear in “ Baa Baa 
Black Sheep,*’ the NBC-TV series inspired by his book of the same name. 
Boyington has been east in the cam eo role of a visiting Washington officer, 
‘Gen. Harrison Kenlay, in a two-part episode scheduled for Jan. ll and 18. 
T he ep iso d e m a rk s 
Boyington’s first TV d r a ­ m atic role in 17 years In 
196o he appeared on “ Di­ vorce Court” as a witness, and in “ Shotgun Slade” as a cowboy. 
Roy R o g ers will g u est s ta r in an u p co m in g episode of “ W onder Wo­ man.” 
______ 
Hill rules on contracts 

AUSTIN 
(AP) 
- 
A school district should not contract with a com pany which employs a m em ber of the d is tric t's board of trustees in a m anagerial position. Atty. Gen. John 
Hill said Friday, 
Hill said it makes no dif­ ference whether the trustee derives “ direct financial benefit from the contract.” 

H E N R Y 
W IN K L E R 
“H ap p y D a y s” 

 p la y s 
Fonzie 

T O M B O SL E Y is the u n d e rsta n d in g father of a te e n -a ge r in “H ap p y D a y s” 

A N S O N 
W IL L IA M S portrays 
Potsie 
W e b e r in a se gm e n t of “H ap py Days*' 

The question was posed by County Atty. John Fitz- gibbon of Webb County. 
Hill said Fitzgibbon had informed him that the sit­ uation involved a paper company, and the trustee had ag reed with his e m ­ ployer that he would not receive any rem uneration based on sales from the company to the district. 

“ Happy will be tonight 

New Y ear" party enjoyed bv fans 

7 (Uh 
5) 
THE MARY 
TYLER MOORE SUCH - 
«R I Mary is hosting a parly for the news room crew and g ets m o re than she b a r ­ gained lur. G eorgette a n ­ nounces that sin* is going to have her baby then and there 

7 (Uh 12) - WONDER HO­ 
MAN * “ B eauty on P a r ­ ade 
(IG Wonder Woman infiltrates a beauty pageant touring top security m ili­ 

 tary bases and investigates sabotage attempts on a se- i ret project 

7:3o (Ch. 3) - THE BOB 
NEWHART SHOW - ( H ) 

Howard Borden is giving a 
Bicentennial party. but he lea ves all the work to the 
H artleys. The g u ests ar- i ive, but they can 't find 
Bob aud Emily, vs ho have been t r a p p e d in a storage looker 

 and it is he -- not the mugger - who ends up on that, 

8 (Uh 
12) - STARKEY & 
HUTCH - “ B lo o d b a th .'’ 
M embers of a deadly cult kid n ap S ta rsk y with the th rea t that he will die if their leader is not released within 24 hours. 

8 (Uh. 3) 
FAMILY - from bad 
Archil 

ALL IN THE 
(R) T hings go to w orse for when he is mugged 
Wild dogs to feast today 

CHICAGO (AP) — Doris and Bobbie are throwing a 
New Y ear's Day paris 
The guests are a pack of dogs living in a forest preserve. 
The menu includes chicken noodle soup and homemade cookies. 

* 
Dogs of all kinds and sizes have been running loose in the wooded South 
Hide p rese rv e , dum ped th e re as unw anted pets, s a y s 
Sandy 
L a p in /m e , superintendent of the p re­ serve, 
Doris 
M organ, a 
‘53-yeir-old widow, and 
Bobbie 
T isd ale, a 
5o-year*old g randm other, have been feeding them daily for the last two years. 
They operate the Southwest 
Animal Adoption Center. 

The d og s, ru nning iii packs numbering as many as a dozen or so, scatter in the woods to elude city dog catchers armed with tran­ quilizer gu n s, l apinzine 

“ But they com e to us vs hen w o w hist !«• or call ” 
Mrs M organ said. “ We feed them at Hie sa m e spots We’ve never been bitten They aren’t going to bite the hand that feeds them. Sometimes we* can leash one of them and take it to a vet to he checked before we put it up fur adoption, 
Mrs M organ sa id she and her partner normally take buckets of table scraps m ixed with re g u la r dog food and vitamins, but “ to start the new year off right, 

 we are m ixing in hot chicken noodle soup. We are baking them cookies as a special treat." 
The food will lo* put on p lastic tray s. “ We ju st don’t throw it on the cold ground,” she said. " T e m ­ peratures are expected to be near zero.” 
Mrs. Morgan admits that it may seem strange to "go to a1) this trouble just to take care of dogs roaming around a forest preserve.” 
“ But th ey ’ve gotten to depend on us," she said. 
“ And we notice that the packs get la rg e r a fte r 
C h ristm a s holidays. So m any dogs are given as gifts but are not wanted. 
There is nothing so sorrow­ ful looking as a little, un­ wanted, hungry dog ’* 

8:3o (Uh. 3) • ALICE • (Hi 
In hopes of getting a good review and attracting some new c u s to m e rs, Alice in ­ vites the local newspaper’s food editor to sam ple the food at Mel's cafe, and just about anything that can go wrong does. 

9 (C h 
3) - TH E CAROL 
BU RNETT SHOW * (K ) 
M adeline K ahn is g u est tonight, joining Carol and the g an g in a trib u te to stars of yesterday and be­ fore that. 

I (Ch. 12) • MOST WANT­ 
ED * “ T he W hite Collar 
Killer." The Most Wanted teams go undercover to in­ filtrate a minimum securi­ ty prison in order to inves­ tigate a series of m urders of white collar criminals. 

11:3o (th . 4) - WEEKEND - 
Lloyd Dobyns visits Toron­ to, Canada exam ining the situation caused by unres­ tric te d m ig ra tio n , Also, 
England with its legalized 

 g am bling in every form , has a new craze - Bingo. 

1o:3o (C h . 12) - S U P E R ­ 
STARS INEM \ - “ The De. vil and Miss Jones.” Jean 
A rth u r, C h a rle s C oburn and Bob Cummings star. A d e p a rtm e n t notre ow ner poses as a w orker in his own store in order to inves­ tigate labor troubles. 

II 3o (Ch. 3) - THE BIG 
SHO WA - “ The Shuttered 
Room.” (tt) Gig Young and 
Carol Lynley star. A young wom an and h er husband arrive on an island to inha- bit the old m illhouse she has in h e rite d w hich is under a family curse. 

M idight (Ch. i) . THE 
LATE SHOW - “ The Rare 
Breed.” (R) Jam es Stewart and Maureen O’Hara star. 
In tho West in the 188os, 
Hereford cattle are intro­ duced into the U nited 
States after being brought from England. 

12:3o (Ch. 12) * SU P E R - 
STAR CIN EM A - “ Cry 
Danger.” Rhonda Fleming 

 and Dick Powell star. An ex-bookie, released from false imprisonment due to new evidence, re tu rn s to av en g e h im self and his partner still in jail. 

The longtime cowboy star will play a kindly rancher, a widower, whose problems in rearing five war orphans with his own son, are com­ plicated by the activities of rustlers. 
And 
Lew 
A yers is scheduled for a guest ap ­ p e a ra n c e in a tw o -p art 
“ The Bionic Woman,” in a role of a renowned physicist who blackmails the world 

“A” 
AAUGER 
C le a n s C lo g g e d S e w e r s and Drains hest..,, 

LOWtST PRICES IN TOWN 
FREE ESTIMATES 
* 3 4 1 - 6 1 2 4 

 a Announcements e Thank You* 
• Keepsake Scrolls e Napkins a Social Stationery 

JIFFY PRESS 
INSTANT PRINTING 

• KtSONAUZED SOrVKE 
• CUSTOM PCM ONG M OUR 
OWN SHOP 
• tMDfVKHJAi ATTENTION ON 
Ail ORDERS 

17o1 VW Military Or.............. 924-4535 
(2o9 Fredericksburg Rd...... 735-5232 
6211 Son Pedro 
....... 342-9555 
16o6 kkCuNoooh............ 225-6117 
226 LR W w xhp.............. 341-6272 

 cTWay it be yourjinestl 

1977: We at Roy Akers extend the 

 wish that it will reward you with 

 health, happiness and the fulfillment 

 of your highest hopes. 

FUNERAL CHAPELS 

( 

Weekend 
Visit n y GEORGE 
C A R M A C K 
P hotos by 
Bonnie* («pni«i*k 

The U.S. Fish & Wildlife 
Service has more than 28 mil­ lion acres of public lands. 

This is more than all the land in the state of Ohio and any one of I ti other states. 
One of its smallest holdings is down on the Rio Grande in Texas. This lit­ tle tract covered with trees and brush 
—and with three sm all lakes — is only 1.98o acres. 
Yet the sign at the entrance calls it: 
“The Gem of the National Wildlife 
Refuge System.” 
And the entrance sign further says: 
“ Subtropical habitat for: 325 bird species, 3o m ammals. 3o reptiles and am phibians, exotic butterflies and moths.” 
Benefits 
And literature on the refuge points out — 
“ Santa Ana benefits more species listed in the B u reau of Sport F i ­ sheries and Wildlife’s ‘Red Book’ of rare and endangered species than any o th e r refu g e in the N ational 
Wildlife Refuge System.” 
But after visiting it, who would want to use statistics in talking about the wonders of Santa Ana Refuge? 
Bonnie and I spent a day recently on Santa Ana Refuge. The refuge is on the Rio G rande about 15 m iles southeast of McAllen. Its entrance is on U.S. 281 directly south of Alamo, 
Tex. 
And there is no better way to tell about Santa Ana than to tell about the 
“ birds who come to dinner” — the strange and beautiful birds who come to feed out in front of one of the re­ fuge’s photographic blinds. 
Wonderful as are the trees — in­ cluding a gnarled giant believed to be the oldest and largest ebony in the 
U.S. —the Spanish moss that even outdoes L ouisiana — the tan g led shru b s and vines — th ere a re 45o species of plants — the little lakes shining in the sun — the cattails — the 1oo-year-old Spanish cemetery — 
The birds 
The thing that m akes Santa Ana truly “The Gem” are the birds. Many are b rig h t-p lu m e d tro p ic a l b ird s from Mexico and even farther south in Latin America. 
I 
The best way to see these birds is through the little narrow slits in the photo blinds — the “ portholes” for the photographer’s lens. 
Each of the green blinds is divided into two p arts and two people can stand in each half. 
Bonnie was never busier — shoot­ ing picture after picture and “ Oh­ ing” and “ Ah-ing” in a whisper after each shot. I stood behind her and m arveled at the birds com ing and going between the thicket and the barren, gray trunk of a long-fallen mesquite in the little clearing in front of the blind. 
Our favorite of all the birds we saw through the "porthole” was the cha­ chalaca. 
The chachalaca gets its name from the calls the birds give, particularly during the mating season. 
The chachalaca is plentiful in many places in Mexico but South Texas is the only place it is found in the United 
States. 
It is a large bird — about the size of a hen. But the head and beak resem ­ ble a dove or pigeon and not a chick­ en. Its color is a sort of gunm etal gray with a faint touch of brown. 
More than any other bird, the cha­ chalaca sym bolizes Santa Ana Re­ fuge. There are more of them here than at any other place and they are typical of the many “ cross the Rio 
Grande” birds that come here. There is only one road in the park, a nar­ row. one-way road that winds 6.7 miles — generally just back from the border of the refuge. 
It is called Chachalaca Road 
Friendly 
The chachalaca is a friendly bird. 
One of the problem s is it dom esti­ cates so easily. But those who came to the blind "spooked” when Bonnie and I made the slightest sound. They would fly off into the brush and then come back one by one with much caution. 
But if the chachalaca is without- 
( color, you should see the green jay! 
It, too, is a tropical bird with an unmatched “ coat of many colors.” 
UH me give you the disjointed notes I made about'the green jay as I stood there in the blind: 
“ Blue head like a blue ja y .. . white triangle under eyes . . bright green back, g re e n er and sh in ier than a parrot. . . going back to tail, back turns a little darker green. . . finally gets a sort of greenish-gray cast. . . then, suddenly, a bright blue tail, just 

S a n t a A n a b e n e f i t s more* r a r e anti e n d a n g e r e d s p e e i e s th a n a n y o t h e r r e fu g e in th e n a t io n a l r e f u g e s y s t e m 

» > 

 like our jays. . . very light greenish- yellow under throat and on breast. . . larger than a blue jay.” 
Most of the time there were only two or three of the green jays out in front of us — usually a pair on an upright limb of the mesquite trunk. 
But what a sight it was when we once counted IO of them! 
Orioles 

Most people would say the m ost beautiful birds were the orioles we saw. We later were told they were 
L ic h te n ste in ’s oriole, s o m e tim e s called the “ altam ira” in Mexico. 

The bird generally was a bright gold with a black throat and light yellow, black and a touch of white on its wings — beautiful. 
There was an exotic variety of dove there — though Bonnie and I are not experts and it might even have been a strange type of pigeon. 
It is la rg e r and fa tte r th a n a m ourning dove. But the thing that gave it such distinction w ere the feathers on its neck and forward part of the back. 
They were purple and blue — ir­ idescent — changing their hues as the sun c a u g h t th e m or as the bird bobbed its head while moving. 
Nature writing 

Bonnie and I started our day at 
Santa Ana by talking with Don Del- nicki, the refuge manager. Delmcki has done m uch w riting on n atu re subjects — both scientific reports and articles for nature magazines. 
He explained to us why many bird hobbyists found Santa Ana so signifi­ cant. 
“ In one sense, birding is a gam e,” he said “ The goal is to try to see every available species in a certain field. 
“There is a North American bird­ 

 ing area that includes the U.S. and 
Canada. Many people hope to sight every species of bird th a t can be found in that area. 
“ Many of the birds that are nor­ mally found in Mexico o r /in Latin 
America appear in the North Ameri­ can area only in South Texas. 
Migrate 

“ I had a friend from Minnesota who came to Santa Ana. Of the first 
IO birds he saw, nine were new to him.” 
Delnicki showed us a list of 32o birds that have been sighted on the 
Santa Ana refuge. Of these more than 
3o can be found in the U.S. only in 
South Texas. 
Many birds migrate through Santa 
Ana. During their spring migration as m any as 2o,ooo b ro ad -w in g ed hawks make a stop at Santa Ana. 
After watching Delnicki band some w hite-fronted doves for study, we took off into the refuge. 
We could not have had a finer guide for the first part of the day. Cruz 
Martinez, an assistant to Delnicki, has been on Santa Ana for 18 years. 
Martinez can identify a bird by on­ ly a glimpse or a single note of his call. 

Spanish ee in elery 

W hat could be more moving than the sight of this old cemetery deep in the brush of the Santo Ana Refuge? The tomb is that of Don Cnstoval leal, buried here in 1876 . But the cemetery was here even before then. 
The fence surrounding it was made of ebony posts. They, too, are believed to have been in place more than a century. 

 martinez nrsi look us to a place that stirred dream s of what life must have been like down on the Rio 
Grande more than a century ago. It was an old, grass and vine-covered cemetery in a brush-ringed clearing. 
In 1834, three Mexican land grants were made here Santa Ana literature reports they were El Agostadero del 
Cato (The Sum m er P asture of the 
Cat), Los Toritos (The Little Bulls) and Santa Ana, from which the re­ fuge gets its name. 
Killed by Indians 

Benigno Leal, the first owner of 
Santa Ana land grant, was killed by the Indians. His ranch headquarters was near where the cemetery now is. 
The cem etery is ringed by great posts, as large around as telephone poles. They are side by side and stick up about six feet above the ground. 
Time has turned them gray — al­ most white. But they are as sound and as sturdy as they were that long ago day when they were put in the ground. 
“These posts are of hand-cut ebony 
— one of the hardest and most lasting of all woods,” Martinez told us. 
Inside the ebony fence, there are a> num ber of grave sites and one ela­ borate brick and plaster tomb The unusual tower on it is about 12 feet high. 
Don Cristoval Leal, son of Benigno 
Leal, was buried in the tom b IOO years ago — Aug. 5, 1876 
From the cemetery Martinez took us lo the nation's largest ebony tree 
Its g re a t tru n k w as k n o tted and twisted and Spanish moss hung from its s p a rs e lim bs It w as grow ing th e re long before .lose E scan d o n brought the first settlers to the Rio 
Grande Valley. 
Largest ebony 

“The tree’s age has been accur­ ately d ete rm in e d ,” M artinez said. 
"It is 3o6 years old.” 
We followed Martinez* tru ck on down Chachalaca Road about a mile, parked and then went along a little path to the bank of the Rio Grande. 
F rom atop a bluff that dropped straight down to the water we looked up the river at a wide and gently curving bend. Red-tinged willows on the Mexican side were a backdrop for the beautiful view of the river. 
Martinez then took us to a photo­ g ra p h ic blind and left us a fte r suggesting we hike several trails. We were in the blind more than an hour 
— a thrilling experience. 
T hen it w as lunch in a p retty clearing set aside for picnickers — followed by two trails Martinez had suggested. 
The first was the Cattail Trail. 
The cattails rn the marshes were a reminder of boyhood How appealing they were — and then we saw the lake 
— shaped like a boomerang and blue and sparkling in the sun 

T a l l i e d 

The white-fronted dove is one of the most beautiful birds. Gener­ ally it is found in Mexico but many make their way to Santa 
Ana refuge. Here Don Delnicki, refuge m anager, bands a white-fronted dove as part of a program studying the bird's mi gration and other habits. 

As we approached the lake we saw a half dozen patches of ducks Two big w ater b irds - w e called them glebes — rose from the water 
There, were perhaps a dozen coots in the water right in front of us and they took off lint most of them did 

 tin ily of I Im* liirsl* a r e from M o x lro mill €»v«»n I ii r I Im-* r 
N O U ! Ii 

 not get high enough to keep their feet from trailing in the water What a pretty wake they made 
Little islands of reeds were sc at­ tered about the lake Appealing as they were, they were no more so than the m iniature sunflowers blooming on the dike. 
Bearded trees 

But the trail we will re m e m b er longest was the Owl Trail. 
This is an area of tall trees, be­ whiskered by Spanish moss. Great lieards, 15 feet long, hung from every limb. There was a fat oak with so much moss hanging from it that it looked like a giant white umbrella. 
But even it could not m atch the almost perfect circle of tail trees, all m o ss-co v ered . Rays of sun cut through the white moss, giving the circle the solemn air of a woodland chapel. 
Yes, Santa Ana is not just for the birds. 
Hook-billed kites draw big crowd 

Rare birds have a great fascination for the true bird lover. 
Consider the hook-billed kites that have shown up at Santa Ana National Wildlife Re­ fuge. 
“The hook-billed kite nests in Mexico but is not common even there,” Don Delnicki, refuge manager, says 
“ Records show that two hook-billed kites showed up at Santa Ana in 1964 They were not seen again for ll years. 
“ Then last December four showed up at Santa 
Ana One pair even nested here and two eggs hatched. One of the young birds disappeared 
But tile other r< mauled until it ‘fledged’ — that is grew big enough to leave the nest and fly away. 
“ The last s. gilling oi the hook-lulled kite here w a s last .Inly. 
‘ But during the period the hook-billed kite was here, there were close to 
Kl.(MM) visitors trying to sis* this bird that is so rare in the U.S." 

.Sub! r o |» ic a l b ilb i I af for: :I2'» birri *|Mfc«*i«**. 
.'IO m a m m a l * . 
CIO ro|ilil«»* a n il a m p h i ­ b ia n * . o x a l i c b u l - 
<*»rflfr»* anil m o i Ii* 

SPECIAL 
HOLIDAY POOL 
SALE. 

Only place 

South 
Texas is the only place in the 
U.S. the chachalaca can be found. Hundreds of them call the 
Santa Ana refuge home. 
The chachalaca is found chiefly in Mexico. The big bird — the size of some hens — gets its name from ifs call — usually sounded during mating season. 

A Happy Family 
New Year can be yours now. 
In fact, you will enjoy it for years to come. Your 
Clary swimming pool will bring years of pleasure and satisfaction. Because the 
Gary designed energy- 

 saving and low cost maintenance equipm ent is second to none in the pool industry. Our reputation for quality and future service is as strong as our exclusive Vanaloy t.m. steel and concrete structure. 
Gall now! This special holiday pool sale ends 

 midnight, January, 3, 

1 9 7 7 . 

San Antonio • Austin • Dallas 

341-3331 
Cary Pools will be closed New Year s day. 

Refuge 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I I 977 
Page 
I is bird paradise 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— 
Saturday January I 1977 

(OMX HSIXX!! XiiinIiIiii w m m m t e n 
Sims UMI Ullin-JIH CMP-RICHARD PRYOR xx xxiii mill Him 
‘SllVfR SIRI AK* x minx Millis sonx x i i nm xi» ittnnj xio mini Minx jxmis 
Hi PA'RICK WHAN it lip Swish ■ k m him MXXIIX XXNSOil iii fXXXX !»JIXX hlwi it 1XoMXSI MUHS iii 1o1Xoo MUUS • Onitlii I; XfilXIS Xiii • fiillH it SOIIX X ii 
Mint MUX! MXXSIXI • CfilOt ll MMP 
/Z T \ 

Pl* ruuni sub mo ailuro • tm. 

MICKEY ROONEY sw aggers to top again 

. ^ r n rn.m \ U N (T |o g r i r r t t h e a t r e s 

 mA77y HOU* UMTH t IO *11 SIAtS $1 IS 
NO MAI>f>* HOOS *o» Ut V IT T U M OI STAR IV I ORN 
! 
$ 
% 
% 
T2EEBEI 
9i ooo nom ss un cam 
ONE SNIPER 
! IWC MINUTES 
J WARNING "J exit TNI {MAGON 
INTU TMI TIGIR 

 r t 
* 
* t t t t t i t t 

(Hi WORLD S NOVI INTRIGUING 
NT Vt IR* 
Cf4 

“SASOUATCH" 

C o lo r 

 i f t i t it i 
% i t 
.A . 

IMtMS I 
5:oo- M i J 
9:3o 12:oo | 

HO " O r t HOU* u $ 
IK H H O 
W I 
OIH! 
| rl'Oi 
CUOOtWOH OHDI9 

> SILVER 
S T R E C H > 

$ m 
IM KMM w. in# joe »IO*ov IO« m 
1*o MMM 
W 
I M-4 IS > OC o Ii 
MO NAP*? MOM 

HAHIRA 
VTRIIVAND 
AW 
ARIS 
MlVTOMiRVON | 
IN 

R S t f l R 
IS BORT! 

2:lG-4;35-7;oo-9;25 
AT BOTH THiATtfS 

ONE STEALS, 
ONE K ILLS, 
ONE Dies. 

V 
C olor m 
SS J 

B r a d P a u l T ! io i i i j >m >i i— 

O n T o p o f l l A ll in the San Antonio News 

HELD OVER f s S w S s f ^ SHOCK,NG WEEK 
1 oo-12 5o-2 4<M 3o 
6:2o-8:1o-1o:oo P.M. 

-d 
'Ct* 
C lf only they knew she had the power. 

 i w n w i M i K i n i u w u u a i i M i R H r 1 
I AUNER... 
W 
FIRST 
Tt SAM ANTONI 
SHOWING 

 r n 

BRUCt HE . ha death avenged by BRUCE U 
The Hmm Martial Am Master BRUCE u.. .. ■ 

S D S TILL TiOOr.M. 
2*4 fumet KUNG FURY' 
TIGER" 
12:4o-3:45-6.55- lOiOO 
•POAT" 
I lilS-2:2S-Si2S-8i43 

BARGAIN TIU 1:3o P M 
12:35-2:25-4:15 - 
6:o5-7:55-9:45 

Good old days come back to Mickey Rooney 

By LEE GRANT 
LO S A M O U E S TIMES SERVICE 
"You're either red hot in this business or ice cold. 
One day you don't know what to paw n next; then you re right tin top again." 

Mickey Rooney. 
HOLLYWOOD - Mickey 
Rooney, the Mick, 56 years old, is right on top again. 
The movies are after him 
— two major films recently completed, more on the way 
— a prime-time TV series for Norman Lear debuts next month, and a new and successful night club act has led to lucrative dates in 
Las Vegas. 
These are the good old days for Rooney, “blessed’* days he calls them, long removed from the traumas of bankruptcy and divorce courts. 
He has been through many millions and many marriages (eight of them). 
Mother in law 
“ I haven’t been to Las 
Vegas for three wives,” he said during his Sahara Ho­ tel act recently. 
“I ll also be appearing at halftime of the Rose Bowl game this year — Mickey 
Rooney and his all- m other-in-law m arching band.” 
He is a talented man, a diminutive one (“I was 
6-foot-5 when I married Ava 
Gardner” ), who roamed the MGM lot as a kid for more than a decade with pal Judy Garland and turned out a series of films framed around a character named Andy Hardy. 
‘‘I am not a wealthy man,” said Rooney, “ but 
I’m wealthy in friends, in mv children, my fans and 

L O O P I I 
972 1131 
L.\JKJr I a 
2J3S w Military Or 
3 Color NOVIS— $3.oo CARLOAD! 
“ LA MUCK TE OII 
CHE GEVARA'’ 
“ PRESTAMI IS DIAS” 
“ THI DIRTY OUTLAW” 
A SU M O c o w o o r M O V IE mu $1oo.oo IN DOOD PRIZES 
THURS. S3,OO CARLOAD! 

 the people who’ve stuck by me.” 
Producer-direetor Stan­ ley 
Kramer corralled 
Rooney for “ a sm all but powerful role” in “The Do­ mino P rinciple” which costars Gene Hackman and 
Candice Bergen. 

Rooney plays Hackman's cellmate in the film about a man pressured by an intel­ ligence agency to assassin­ ate the President of the 
United States. 

At Disney 
Next. Rooney found him­ self for the first time at 
Walt Disney Studios for a role alongside Helen Reddy and Shelley Winters in the musical “Pete’s Dragon.” 

In it. he portrays a tip­ pling lighthouse keeper who shares a vision of the dragon with a little boy. 

The film is sparked by a rousing series of song- and-dance numbers with 
Miss Reddy 

Soon Rooney returns to the studio for the animated feature “Fox and Hounds.” in which he assum es the voice of the fox. 
There is a plethora of other Rooney projects — business ones like senior citizens clubs, talent schools for children, commemorative coins — including a new film called 
“Transworld.” 
It is about “an old actor people are trying to de­ fame” and in the cast is flamboyant San Francisco attorney Melvin Belli. 
On stage 
Rooney’s current stage 
[work focuses on a produc­ tion in Chicago of “ ’Three 
Goats and a B lanket,’ a story about alimony,” he said, “ and that certainly fits me.” Rooney plans to turn the play into a motion picture. 

The TV show is “A Year at the Top” and it pre­ mieres on CBS Jan. 19. 

The story is about four old vaudevillians who swap their souls to the devil for one year as a singing group atop the modern recording industry. 

There’s more — screen­ plays (“Piggyback” set in the Salinas area around 
1936 and written for Jack 

Nicholson and 
Sarah 
Miles), novels (“The Pan* ama Canal Incident” about a man demanding $18o million from the United 
States or he’s going to blow up the Panama Canal) and even occasional time for introspection. 
“I’m going to keep work­ ing as long as the public wants me,” said Rooney. “I am very blessed and so very grateful.” 

Perrin - 
Twin ; 

4 ? 2 ^ I a c S r I M I N 
7 * 2 2 S W . M IU T A t v 4 4 1 1 C A LL A G H A N BD. 
6 5 6 -3 4 5 4 
6 7 4 -J 371 
*34-6611 
1:oo-3:25-5:5o-8:15 
(PG) 

A WALTER NOTSCH PRODUCTION 

CHARLTON HESTON 
HENRY FONDA 

 s i l e n t 
(vi£ d eh m u 
434-6611 

1:oo-3:oo 
5:oo-7:oo 
9:oo 

I POX central pww 31 

"King 
Kong 

I 2:1o-2:33-3:oo-7:1 5 
9:4o 
/ 
.es 

■MiiiTtiiSiiiM, 
CLINT EASTWOOD 
AS DIRTY HARRY 
“THE 
ENFORCER” 
12:45-2:2o-4:1$ 
6:oo-8:oo-9:45 (R) 

 mrnr~S4i r n 
1:15-2:45-4:15 
5:45-7:15-8:45 
“M isty 
Beethoven' 

 v - 

Ten Tons of Animal Fury Leaps from the Scree..] 

See A P E - , j 

. defy th# JAWS of Giant Sham 
> Bemouth an Ocean Linar 

. vanquish Mantfar Rant Ut 

‘I want everybody to run out and see this movie!” 
— Walt«f Spencer WOK RADIO dx 
Take any kids you can lay your hands on!” 

- I if Simi* C o vi'OOoMun 

AA' 

EXCLUSIVE! 

6 U G 5 Y 
AA A LO NL 

 rn*amOi rn sr tuls na* * 1 a «o »OT M* "ABDOO m r* n ia c in a GOODHMESIN ' E W .IS M CO UCIO N O f 
ALAN M M R IIM 

'•M CI* M A L O N I' 

O I* >-A tt* ,. I* * S C O K BAIO « W ■ 
KOSHI UUGGUUIfaurr JO M C A s s isi, >«••«.• 
Kb. «d-m w U M U W U iAMS UuMeM.*WWOft/TTNAM 
►- .A, «• ai .AN MASS*IAi. Hmm. 
A O N UNM* 

I i U M M l A m a u t 
W w *** ..AUN J A. L a-#»& .*» 

12.3o-2:o5-3:5o mmmmmmn-ut mmmm* 
5:3o-2:13-9 oo 

B o a t in g b a r g a in s 

 g a lo r e . . . 

In T o d a y ’s 

W a n t A d s 

Turn to the Classified section and check over the large selection of good buys right now. 

Express/News 

Classified Ads 
PHONE 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

The most exciting original motion picture event of all time. 

|.sr# 

K i n g K o n g 

 b y O w , o 4 LAU* A ulos 
CofpG<4U}n 
Alt PUflhte Wa MN »«(3 
“K l 
Mf BndyiN Charles 

Ojo IJe I.Amma 
,1 Jchn Gunman Rim 
NO BAR MAT. 

NO PASSES 
NO SPEC. ADM 
Introducing JeSSICd Ling*' 
Sc nwy i* bv bmvu bcf npk*. Jr Produced by Dlno De Lammi, i Grrkrted by Jota Barry 
A ftiru: Dun i 
OwcMl by John (jMiffnm i M inc CmipoMJd and i'(. nnu!»i6J4MCi suRQEsrts 
Pan.*** ir nCok 

Hu- 
( I N I U L T f , 
U l l i n 
Ll 

S W M il o. mi IM 3 5 Va 
9 2 4 -4 1 3 1 
12:o o - 2:3 o -5:oo 
7 :3 o - 1o.o o - 12:oo 

V m m h h b u i i i i .m m m / 
MIDMIOMT . 
•M O W ! 
1 i M i u A w i y i M l n l !■ 

2.1o-2.3o-3 oo 
7:1 3-9:4o-1 2:oo 

N O R T H S T A R 
3 4 2 - 9 3 o 4 

M C C R E L E S S 
53 3 -o 4 3 1 

NORTHSTAR EVERY DAY ’TIL 1:3o P.M.-$1.3o 
McCRElESS $1.oo ALL SHOWS AT A U TIMES 

" 
1 2 :o o -2 :2 o -4 :4 o -^ :4 o -9 :4 o 

1 1 :3 o -l :3 o -3 :3 o -6 :o o -8 :o o -l o :o o 

©MEN 
GREGORY PECK jSl.O O 
LEE REMICK m ? 

 l l .-45-1:45-3:45-5:45 
7 :4 5 -9 :4 5 I » R f* ^3 J 'T ^ I ■ 

 fM attress’ try-outs set p i 

The Kt. Sam Houston 
Playhouse has Thursday and Friday auditions for its staging of the musical co­ medy. “ Once Upon a Mat­ tress.” 

Times are 7 p.m. in tin playhouse. The show will open Feb. in and run for three weeks 

Needed are 27 singers 

 and actors, plus musicians and technicians. Those try­ ing out for singing parts should come prepared to sing. 

CUNT EASTWOOD IS DIRTY HARRY 

THE ENFORCER 

35-JK*i-.-. 
• 
J lf,::-. K POO (Q:. : r f. iv 
NO BARGAIN MATINEES— NO PASSES! 
CD aNTRAL PARK 

12:45-2:2o-4:15-6:oo 
8:oo-9:45-11:45 

C E N T U R Y ^ 
SO U I H 
I J 

S W M il Dr o f IM 31 So 
o34 6331 
________ 12-2-4-6-8-1o 

For details, call 
Larsen at 221-2289. 
B ill 

More than 
12 local country-western bands will join Nashville recording artists during the 1977 
Great Country River Festi­ val. scheduled Feb. 4-6. 
Country - western ban d s 

Son Antonio EXPRE S S -N E W S — Saturday January I I 977 page 
3-B 

 s i g n u p f o r C o u n t r y F e s t i v a l 

Rio Rambling 

 from San Antonio and the surrounding area are un it­ ed to .sign up for the enter­ tainment program, by calling the Paseo del Rio 
Association at 227-4262. 
The entertainers will perform in a continuous 

 program of live music on three stages on the down­ town River Walk 
All entertainment during the river festival will be be admission-free 
+ + * 
River Walk resident. 
Maggie Cousins. Paseo del 
Rio Association Executive 
Director Claire Regnier 

N O W PLAYING!! 

UA CINE CINCO 
12:55-3:oo-5:o5-7:1o-9:15 

NORTHWEST 6 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

UA MOVIES 4 
12:55-3:oo-5:o5-7:1o-9:15 

 arui Conrad True, of the San 
Antonio Conservation So­ ciety. will serve next week as honorary hostesses and host for the winter meeting of the 
Central 
States 
Chapter of the Society of 
American Travel Writers. 
Beginning Wednesday, nearly 5o professional tra­ vel writers will attend the conference organized by the San Antonio Convention and Visitors Bureau. Pub­ lications. such as the Chi­ cago Tribune. St. Louis 
Globe-Democrat and 

Southern Living, will he represented. 

River Walk activities scheduled for the writers include a boat tour of Paseo del Rio. a margarita and mariachi reception at Casa 
Rio, lunch at Royal Street 
Crossing and dinner at Lit­ tle Rhein Steak House 
Delegates to the confer­ ence will als«. "Isit the 
Spanish Governor’:. Palace. 
El Mercado and the Mis sinus during their stay iii 
San Antonio 

J I c k e l o d : 

 oTu »nScAs mfi umi srwjtt wm* arr*?* 
■YAN (TM M M I W * * I Al IM IT Al Al 
IPO) 
■BAM MHM rn im mumtAMimirs -Anaimmr 

S H l l A S H W A B JIM S. M U I a 
J A M M I T M M A 
I AMID MAM'S - - M.llM'HTIAAR'IHRMUMMnirH 
« . . . I R A A B SAAMSMA1I .........- EISM A M M M IM A M M M I CHARISM ! 
> 
. P U IM H M U A M d W M V U i VHC W IN I K * . IMH I OM l l I I lls 
• I R I M I s O H A M A 6 o R t f M lf (OR 
O nh 
I WRY EMV 
N O R T H S T A R 
JAJ-VJQ4 
€1*11 n r 
A O I I M 
€ 

12:oo-2:2o-4:4o 
MTN 
7:2o-9:4o 
THEATRES 

Seven men on a 

: death defying 

* exped ition. . . tell 

 the shocking story 

 of the world's 

 most intriguing 

 m y s te ry 1 rn 

S A S Q U A T C H 

 wted by North American Productions. Oregon, ltd. 

KTFM MIDNIGHT 
SHOW AT 
NORTHWEST SIX 
TONIGHT 

WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU WERE REALLY AFRAID? 

LISTEN TO 
KTFM FOR 
DETAILS 
The 
M e p h ls to W a ltz 
M T . IH C S O U N D o r T E R R O R 
A LA N A LD A v JACQUELINE BISSET iii 

T O D A Y AT 
N O R T H W EST 
SIX 
IM IO et Loop 41o oW Cabochon in t 

“ SASOUATCH" (R) 
*234 

“ CARRIE 

CHICK DUPUY AD 
FOR TIMES AND 
POUCIIS 

" (t) 

TWO MINUTE W ARNING" (R) 

"ROMEO & JULIET" (PG) 

ANO "FRIENDS" 

‘WACKIEST WAGON TRAIN IN 

THE WEST" (G) 

"HOUSE OF W A X " (PG) 

T O D A Y AT 
CEN T U R Y 
SO U TH 
CENTEJRYf; 
S O U U H 
N j 

 ii 

 mull I 
S VU Mil Dr o» IM 33 Se. 

"WACKIEST WAGON TRAIN IN 
THE WEST" (G) 

“ NICKELODEON" (PG) 

W A IT OISNH Y $ 
“ SHAGGY D.A.” (G) 

CHICK DUPUY AD 
FOR TIMES AND pollens 
934-6331 

“ CARRIE" (R) 

“ THE ENFORCER" (R) 

“ KING KONG" (PG) 
IAN DEDDO 
TRIBLE SCREEN OUTDOOR 

TO D AY AT 
SAN PEDRO 

Se n P e d ro o t R.*ter» Rd 

•TW O M IN IM * 
'‘C A R R IE ” (R ) 
W A R N IN G ’ 
(R ) 

PIUS 
P iu s 
T M I E IG E R S A MC H O M '' 
IR ) 
‘ G A T O R " (P G I 

CHICK DUPUY AD 
FOR TIMI5 AND 
POUCIIS 
4 9 4 - 3 4 3 6 

“T M I P R O M T " (P G I 

‘‘P L A Y IT A G A IN , S A M ” 
IR O ) 
" T A K E T M I M O N E T A N G 
R U M ” (PG! 

Hum NOK VNWEIT H U N l l l i r i n 
I M A 
I € i t i i i 
E J mum 

| M I t at ieee 41o *44 CoMeffcee U n 
344*234 
S W M il Dr et IM 33 S e 
934-6331 

B o th T heatres: 1 2 :o o - 2 :o o - 4 :o o - 6 :o o - 8 :o o - 1 o :o o 
BARGAIN MAUNU DAILY ter Theatre Capacity (or lint Performance Only. 
"THE WACKIEST WAGON 
TRAIN 
IN THE WEST” 

BO B D EN VER 
GILLIGAN 
F O R R E S T T U C K E R 
THC I TROOP MAN 

MuiuiMniiuMHuiniiiMiiiiuuimuiniuiuimnui: 

I CINE CINCO 
12:4o-2:5o-5:oo-7:15-9:3o 
I 

I SAN REM O 
= 
"TWO MINUTE W ARNING” 7:3o-11:So 
I 

EIGER SANCTION" 9:45 i MISSION 

9 1 ,o o o 

______AA A 

P e o p le . 3 3 t x i t G a t e s . 

O n e S n i p e r . . . 

-W A R N IN G 

CHARLTON HESTON 
JOHN CASSAVETES 
“TWO MINUTE WARNING 

MARTIN BALSAM • BEAU BRIDGES• MARILYN HASSETT 
DAVID JANSSEN • JACK KLUGMAN • WALTER PIDGEON 
GENA ROWLANDS • brock petersmhd 6mm-without nim-jot kapp 
CUNT 
K S T 
EASTWOOD 
ON1» 
THE EIGER SANCTION 
IIIIIIIIIIMIMMtlUIIMIMtMttlUtHIMIIIUIIHHIIHIIIIUiUMIMIHtlllllllUllMIIIHII 

349 *234 
IM IO al I aer 41o oH Culto ^ o . G it 

1 :3 o -3 :3 o tm 
5 :3 o -7 :3 o I *“ 
9 :3 o 
122 
S o n P e d r o e t P la te r* R d 

“ C A M IC ” 7 :3 o - 1 o :2 o 

S i mull N O K TH W K Il i i i 
•:«!?( I k l U R t l 
I O I I 1 H 
I 3 

S.W MU Or. et IM 33 Se 
*34 6331 
IAN PEDRO 
TRIPLE SCREEN O U T D O O R 

494-3436 

“ G A T O * * 

12:oo-2:oo 
4 :o o - 6 :o o 
8:oo- 1o:oo 

9 :2 5 

TAKE 
C A R R IE 
TO THE 
PRO M . 

C A R R IE " 

2ND FEATURE AT S A N PEDRO O N LY : 

 come BURT REYNOLDS 
4 
’*** and 
/ 
J. 
It get him 
BBGATORBf 
(P O U 

:mm] lim:: midi IAN VIDRO 
TR IPI! SCREEN O U T D O O R H a u n a i 

Sen P e d ro e l R in e r . Rd 
4 9 4 - 3 4 1 6 
« I o * M rd m e R e .e Rd 
624-3 3 2 1 

F R O N T ” 7 :3 o 
“ W JB Y ” 9 :2 o 
“ T A M ” 1 o :5 o 

W O O D Y A L I E N S T R IP L E F E A T U R E S 
America’s Most Unlikely Hero. 
WOODY ALLEN 
’THE FRONT” 

 ro< £ * 

A r a l 
PLAY ii AGAIN,SAH”,rei 

 w c o o i iu i« s 
“TAKE THE MONEY ANO RUN” 

 f 12:oo-2:oo 
4 :o o - 6 :o o 
8:oo - 1o:oo 
DNBVIDIAl 
C H V U M M im* 
*7*23 Per Reeker Rd 

B a rg a in 
M a ti na a d a ily fo r th e a tre ca p a city for first p erfo rm a n ce o n ly. 

IN BYIBIAI 
(E IV EW IN midi 
T S ? ? Pe* Reeder R d 
4 3 1 3 3 7 1 

11:55-2.55-4:5o-7:2o-9:5o 

WOODY 
ALLEN . ’THE FRONT” 

 a m 

‘B O M B O ” r m s 
: L l l A 
L 
L 
L y 
^ 
“ T R U M M ” 
)24(M:56-9:io 
2155-7:15 

IH IO of loo* 41o od (#ll*e*oi. I.rt 
344 *234 

T W O O F T H I M O ST B E A U T IFU L L O V I S T O R IE S EV ER M A D E. 

TO G ETHER FO R A U A G E S TO E N JO Y I 

Franco 
/ c m KCLI J fWuHiMi rn/ 
R o m e o 
^JULIET 

PLUS friends 

SIAN RUBY e ANICCI ALVINA 

MUSIC BY ELTON FOHN 

// 

*3 

“ IIIO U T ” 7 :3 o -1 1 :8 o 
‘‘• © • B l” 9 :5 5 

ROGER 
MOORE 

(PG) 

^ ^ 
... 
C SHOUT ATTMEDEV-M 

I s A 
T N i m i i 
TH* Or<f*h*i 

2N D FEATURE AT 
V A R II IT ONL Y; 

 r 
12:36-245 
3:46-5:1$ 
6:564:25-1o46 
NOKTHWI1I i i i 

IN IO af U«9 €1o ©H (oliefHgn f u t 
JAO €2 JA 

NO BARGAIN 
MATINff 

NEW 3-D PROCESS CANNOT BE SHOWN 
ON TELEVISION/ . 
DON T MISS IT/ 

| LEAPS OFF THE SCREEN . ONTO YOUR LA Pi] 

I The Sensational NEW Third Dimensional 
Film Process you have been reading about. 

TRCMMicoioex 
| Mind Bindin| idvtnlute 

CHARLES BRONSON • PHYLLIS KIRK • CAROLYN JONIS 
„ 
* N o P t dr tO ’ M v » . w t . t . C * 4 M A U H - 
• A M M D HSO'j »• 
■ 
• 
» 
/ S T L R IO v.V '.N *NfllW»*llON*t 

Your last chance to see it in i o m m • s t e r e o p h o n i c s o u n d 

“ House of Wax, is a howling success!” 
-T IM E 
CHARLES BRONSON 

 f 
1265-145 
3 25 5 65 
645 125 1o65 
1 9 1 o S re 4 e r4 « fc * W « R d 
7 3 3 - 3 1 1 3 

THROUGH THI LOOKING GLASS” (X) 

^Seldom do I jump for joy over an explicit lex film. but T h rou gh The L o o k in g 
Gloss is an incredibly bi­ zarre film — a fanciful horror «»tory told in such imaginative visual images that Fellini himself would stand up and take notice 9 
Heinie Danzig/Hitch Society Mag 

WOODE AWN 
14 SI 
ID A l l 

O U T D O O R TMI ATR I 

191o tredem RWwre Rd 
TIS S I U 
SI Md Dr ut R ee.e.eH 
934 444*] 

HOO .4o 
« 1 I 
P M v n * 
“ M IS T Y ’* 

 tw e e * * * * RAP* » I S U 
M 
U 
M 
S 

J 2o 56o 
6 4o »?o; a oo Ii 
■OWN BWIN 
O U T D O O R IMI A H R 

*1 4 2 '* 

9:15-12.65 
“Misty 
Beethoven” 

-Borden Scott, 
After [turk 

2ND FUTURE AT DRIVE INS ONLY; 
“The Private After noon* of 
Pamela Mann” 

I KID. ROAD 

O U T D O O R I M I A T R I 

S,e4 Ad Be *1 Seep 41o 
))4 U 9 3 

AIL BASIC KITUAlS tN THE p t ^ 

WO/ YOU WON! ll IO et 

726-1o:1o 

“ SWINGING 
CAMPUS” 

9 ; 1 o - 1 1 : 3 o ( X ) 

oo 7 oo IC 
4 oo 6 oo 
8 oo 1o oo 
:mi 

4 3 o 3 San P e d ro 

PAP.. AIM MAI IMI I 
Dilly IO! IHIA'CI 
< AI A. HY KIS MIM 
Pl Bl OPMAN. I UNIT 

GINI WI IDU, SIAR Of "W I NG HUNKE NSU IV’. "Kl AZIM, NAHM I V’ 
ANO "THE MLV LR STREAK", NOW IN HU FUNNIEST PICTUM EVER! 

HAPPINESS ISA 
QUACKSER FORTUNE 

“ Gene Wilder is 

 terrific! Margot 

Kidder is 

 endearing and 

 always believable. 

She invites Gene 

 to a dance which 

 turns into a 

 disaster which 

 turns into a night 

 of love which turns 

 into a happy ending. 

Everyone will have 

 a lovely time at 

K this earthy, romantic 

'GS' comedy." Cene Sham. HBC TV 
GENE WILDER. 
‘‘QUACKSER FORTUNE” 

— i m w i 
QUI'* / 3o 11 3o l ’~ j j 
M I1IION 

T W I N OUT DOON TM* A TER 
R I C H A R D 

31oo Room-.I. 
333 H i t 
P R Y O R 

 r - S 
T H E P O I N T E R S IS T E R (6) (PG) 

 p l u s 
K A R E N B L A C K 

B R U C E D E R N (PG) 
ALLRED HITCHCOCK'S 
Fa m il y Plo t 

T H A I 
TOWN TWIN 
O U T D O O R TMI A TI R 

1 ) 3 I . H w i l M t i 
2 3 3 3 3 3 1 
Dh i. mA •< « M i (Mmi* I I l l* 
* * '4 } > r| 

“ PIFB** 12:o6-3.66-$ 554:55 
“ F IF T ” 7.3o-1o:4o 
” 
1.464:35-735 
“ B O O K ” T IS 
Gladys Knight stare in the rn romantic movie of the year... 
• VA 

9 k i< ly / k n i g h t pnpe cUffeamni 

P IU S 

BBBOOK OF NUMBERS 

COTONITS j M J U L l ___ 
IM IO ut W ^ ..b o .K I . • 
6 9 * IV J 

NO BARGAIN 
MATINEE 

 f d ' / u f n <\ f i t ii 

A DIFFERENT 

K IN D O F 

L O V E S T O R Y 

 a v lim tun , 

 a t L a Ir 

MARTA KfSSTLN KJUHY KIRSH it u ’ * XJ 

BLIM!ii!!1,11!" 
I IS 44S 
I m ull I 
415 / 45 915 

THE EROTIC 
ADVENTURES OF 
3 *5 W ® «® iia 

IT S N O T HIS 

N O S E TH A T 

G R O W S 

BARGAIN 
MATINEE 
711*11 ll 

BACKBAND 
OUTDOOR TMIATRI 

“LOVI CAPTIVES” 
7:3o-1o:4o (X ) 

PLUS 

“ FAIRY TALIS FOR ADULTS' 
9.15 (X I 

P°9e 
4-B 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 1977 
Chinese fear losing leadership of campaign 

HONG KONG (A P ) — 
Tse-tung’s radical widow in hand, various reports in* 
The Chinese government, some areas, is worried that dictated Friday. which used troops to put elsewhere the campaign 
Broadcasts from the down support for Mao against her may get out of provinces have called on 

IT’S LAUGHTER UNLEASHED! 

W ALT DISNEY 
P R O D U C T IO N *' 

BARG AIN M A T IN ff 
DAILY FOK W IA T R ! 
CAPACITY FOK FIKST 
PfRTO RM ANCf ONLY. 
N O PASSES 

11 1 V / 
J O M E S C O N W A Y P U C K E T T E 
J i l l 
I 
/ 
K E E H A N 
W Y N N MVAHlSmil 
■ TAIT . 
X 
ANDtRSON 
> MILLER »..«tSTEVENSON-TECHNICOUOR» 
@oj-=£- 
CENTURY 
* NORTH STAR 
12:oo-2:oo*4:oo-6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 
11:3o 1:3o-3:3o 4:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 

W W SttV-WS W U 

H W U W U 

M O V ttH iStO W - 
J ) ) 
, w 
W M H . 

VSW^W® 

S 
» 
W 
? 
W 

 f 
THE ALL NEW 
* 
ADVENTURES 
OF THE 
A 
\ WORLD S MOST ll V 
BUMBLING s* 
DETECTIVE 

I 

 i P G starring HERBERT LOM 

With COLIN BLAKELY LEONARD ROSSITER LESLEY ANNE OOWN Animation by RICHARD WILLIAMS STUDIO 

Mime by HENRY MANCINI • filmed in PANAVISION* COLOR by OeLuxe 
T 
UW MAitwt* 

EXCLUSIVE 
SAN ANTONIO 
SHOWING! 
NEW LAUREL 
231o SAN PEDRO • 736-4551 . 

11:3o-1:35-3:4o 
5:45-8:oo-1o:oo PM 
NO BARGAIN MATINEE 
OR PASSES 

 abc INTERSTATE7 ^ ^ 

BROADWAY 

“ONE HUNDRED PERCENT 
ENTERTAINMENT ■ ••a case of an ingenious novel being turned into a terrific movie. A lean buck and love it lurk that is a practically incom parable family film ...a garland of cheers.” C W shat*, rut sue 1o D A Y bt tow 

Special 
M SS 

12:oo 
‘Nothing less than lilt* m o*l exhilarating entertainm ent III of the film 
Jit; 
Sear to d ale 
J , 
A to ile t tor** item in term** ol p erform ances 

IV V O R H U M I -J 

E L J racist 
"An ingemoutelv t ontrived spree, with one of the vilifies! wrap ups 
^of anv my uteri 

 w 

 m ovie. 
PwJmvKae st. tv vow i h 

I ta m th** l f H ts I S ttin iq S in el 
1 * 5 
A turn thyr 

THE SEVEN-PER-CENT SOLUTION 

A l \ \ L U K IN 
V A N I V * A K t D G K A V I 
K O M H i t * ' V A I I a n d N C O I W M I lA M B C ff l 

 til i m b i V I N P I M C L S ! s o i l J K I N 
I Al HI NC I OI IV It K 
- 
*JO ( I OHLY-SAMANTHA COGAR 
< HAMI LS GKAY G I OKGIA BROW \ • Kl G IM ■ jnd It Kl MV Kl MP 

IM. MD# * IMMU MM SHI 

 the people to act on official directives only and to stop leaving their jobs without permission to denounce 
Mao’s widow, 
Chiang 
Ching. She and three other top radicals, dubbed the 
“ gang of four” by the of­ ficial press, were purged in 
October, a month after 
Mao’s death. 
A Yunnan broadcast ap­ pealed for care in attacking officials who rose to prominence under radical influence of the past. It in­ dicated some have been subjected to indiscriminate action without considera­ tion for actual guilt. 

W ould hinder 
Such actions could upset the efforts of Hua Kuo-feng, 
Mao’s successor as party chief, to woo the radicals with a promise of leniency to those who repent and come over to his side. 
Earlier reports from 
China said that supporters of Chiang Ching had creat­ ed “ great havoc" in the city of Footing, 
IOO miles southwest of Peking. Order was restored only by “ con­ certed effort’’ of the army. the official reports san I. 

P e k in g 

 ad m its 

 strife 

WASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
HONG KONG - Many people have been killed in an “ all-round civil war” waged in China’s most po­ pulous and perhaps most faction-ridden province, and official radio broadcast bas disclosed. 
The broadcast from the huge southwest province of 
Szechwan, monitored here 
Wednesday, indicated that the fighting cried with the 
October purge of four lead­ ing Peking radicals, but called on Szechwanese to 
“ eliminate the remnant poison’’ of those who caused the trouble. 
It was the first clear sign of the severity of recent political strife in Szechwan and seemed to indicate that the province never really settled down after its well- publicized bloody confron­ tation during the Cultural 
Revolution IO years ago. 

B ird files 

 la x b o a rd 

 re so lu tio n 

EXPRESS NEW S CAPITOL HIRE AU 
AUSTIN 
— 
County commissioners courts would have an option in sitting as tax equalization boards under a House reso­ lution pre-filed Friday by 
Bexar County Rep. Hon 
Bird. 
Bird’s House .Joint Reso­ lution (H JR ) 2o proposes amending Art. VHI, Sec­ tion 18 of the Texas Consti­ tution. The legislature must approve of it first by two-thirds vote. 
If later approved by voters, the amendment would give commissioners courts the option of ap­ pointing citizens to the tax board each year instead of themselves. 
“ The amendment would relieve the commissioners of the burden of sitting in judgement on tax disputes if they so choose similar to the appointment of city boards of equalization,’’ 
Bird said. 
Bird’s resolution will be brought before the Texas 
Legislature for considera­ tion after it convenes Jan. ll. 
_____________________ 

B ail w o n ’ t 

 be re d u ce d 

LOS AN GELES (A P) - 
A Superior Court judge refused on Friday to reduce bail for former Charles 
Manson follower Leslie Van 
Houten, who has been granted a new trial. 
Judge Jack E. Goertzen conceded that Miss Van 
Houten had made progress in prison, but he said the 
“ gravity” of the charges required bail to remain at 
$2oo.(MMI 
The former Monrovia, 
Calif., high school homecoming princess, now 
27, goes on trial a second time next month for murder and conspiracy in the deaths of grocery store owner Leno LaBianca and his wife, Rosemary, in I9B9. 
She was not charged in the Manson family slayings of actress Sharon Tate and four other persons the day before the 
LaBianca murders. 
Miss Van Houten’s 1971 conviction was overturned last month by the state 
Court of Appeal 

FABRIC u , 
^ r e h o u s e 
DON’T 
MISS IT!!! 

 i 

Bring yourself and 19 of your friends! for fantastic savings in ’ 77 

CASEMENT DRAPERY 
JERSEY REMNANTS 

 ti FUU 
PIECE 
YO PRICE 

CU T 

TO 

O R C H 1 

 r Y D 
PRICE 
4 FUU 
PIECE 
YD PRICE 
GOOD SELECTION 
UNDETERMINEDFIBERCONTE^ 

ZIPPERS 

4-7” ZIPPERS IN PACKAGE 
$1 33 

 vr. ORDER 
YD PRICE 

2 PACKAGE 
I 
1oo% POLYESTER 

EA. PKG. 
GIFT WRAPPED 

REMNANTS OR UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 

V IN Y L 

4 Fuu 
T F T F 4 cut piece m g to 
YD PRICE 
» 
" YD ORDER 

UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 

1oO’S OF BOLTS TOP W EIGHT BOTTOM W EIGHT 
SPORTS W EAR 
O O * ss, 
* 1 o 9 d r r n yd. price m 

1 o o % Cotton 5 o % Polyester 5 o % C o tto n -6 5 % Polyester 3 5 % Cotton Blends 

CUT 
TO 
ORDER 
Y D 
PRICE 

3/4 & I ” NO ROLL 
ELASTIC 

THREAD 
I o SPOOLS *1 oo 
7 *1oo 29 
EACH 
29 en. 1oo% POLYESTER 

STITCH WITCHERY 

JOINS FABRICS W/o STITCHING 
2k»88‘ 49 ea. 

12 YDS 3/4” WIDE 
PRE PRICED I 

PATTERN BOXES 

3™ 8 8 ’ 3 9 ’,. 

Fife those old Patterns Away Orderly 

SUBLASTIC & PRINTED KNITS 
3 V 
FULL 
$ "I 5 9 
CUT TO 
PIECE 
I 
ORDER 
YO 
PRICE 
■ 
YD 
PRICE 

1 oo % POLYESTER 6 o ” W IDE G O O D ASSORTMENT 
$ 

BLUE JEAN DENIM 
Vt to 3 YO. PIECES 
66* £ 88 

 a CUT TO 
H ORDER 
YD PRICE 

FULL BOLTS JERSEY— 

4 fun 
O 
O 
* 
TO 
P'E« 
T P 
ORDER 
YD PRICE 
" d r YO price 
REMNANTS OF UNDETERMINED FIBER CONTENT 
1oo% ACETATE— 1oo% TRIACETATE 

DOUBLE KNIT REMNANTS 
4 
FULL 
PIECE 

YO 
PRICE 

4 
* JT TO 
ORDER 

YD 
PRICE 

1 oo % POLYESTER • 6 o ” W IDE I to 5 YD PIECES 

BONDED SUITING 
SPECIAL GROUP 1oo% POLYESTER 

3t o s*1 
OO FUU 
P U C E 
P R IC E 
39 
\ 
Cy£ T 
1 o o % a crylic face 

 y d o r d e r 
1 o o % ACETATE BACK 

4 full 
PIECE 

6o” & 54” WIDE 

 d 
CUT 
^ 
TO 
ORDER 
YD PRICE 

SEVERAL COLORS 

 fin I turn!*! 
IL - J 
938 BANDERA RD. 
1-35 AT EISENHAUER RD. 

NEXT TO M A G N A M A R T 
9 Til 9 
DAILY 
9 'Ti, 6 
SAT. 

Woman at 
’■ > 
‘ ^ ’> 
** 
* I 
’s forecast in the Sunday Express-News 

Saturday 
EXPRESS NEWS 
Catching seafood 
New England style 

Saturday January I 1977 

America will miss a gracious First Lady 

By JUDY CLARES 

NEW YORK—Dear Betty: 
You didn't ask to be F irst 
Lady. You didn't actively seek the job, and most of us got the impression you would be .just as happy without it. 

Hilt when it was thrust on you, you were there, doing it up right when we needed you most. 
You were frank, honest, open, na­ tural — all the things we had begun to think First Ladies couldn't be. Hut most of all. you were h u m a n . You mad e us more comfortable with our­ selves 
Oil, we d i d n ’t alw ays a g re e with you. of course . But we couldn't help but love you for the way you were making us feel again. 
While we were being b o m b a r d e d with reports of the inevitable demise of tin* A m e ric a n family, th e r e you were with a doting husband and four h a n d s o m e , w e ll-a djuste d, de vote d. normal children. 
You w e re a s t e a d y in g influence, you with your boys who'd rather ride bucking broncos, plant trees, or go skiing than bask iii the limelight of 
First Family. 
You with a s t rin g y - h a ire d , often barefoot and bluejean-clad dau ghter who’d ra th e r have an a p a r t m e n t of her own than the glamorous prere­ quisites of White House living. 
No f a n c y f i n i s h i n g s c h o o l s , no s n o b b i s h n e s s , no i m p u d e n c e , no phoniness — .lust a regular American family doing things re g u la r A m e r i ­ can families do. 

You were ever the mother. Your boys admitted they had smoked m a r ­ ijuana. You weren't shattered. You may not have approved..but they were no less your sons. 
You admitted — theoretically, of course — — that you would try to u n d e r s t a n d if y o u r d a u g h t e r c o n ­ fessed to having an affair Mothers everywhere knew what you meant. 
We all know we may not always like everything our children will do, but they are our children and we ll love them nonetheless. 
T h a t’s what families are all about. 
You were a welcome re m in d er 
And you were ever the wife. You often kissed and hugged your hu s­ band for all the world to see. It seemed always spontaneous, genuine 
— as if you really liked him. 

I s s u e s 

Yet. you were your own person, often in dis agreem en t with him on weighty issues, always e x p re ssin g your ow ti mind 
You made us feel less like freaks, those of us who also have minds of our own, but who love our men, too. 
Best of all, your husband seemed to like you that way. We got the im p res­ sion he really m eant it when he said he was proud you spoke your mind. 
So there you were, rem in ding us that m ar ria g e s can work in wonderful ways. 
You made us proud. Betty Ford Our hearts were with you as you — at your h u sb a n d ’s request — read his con­ cession statement to the world. 
You were gracious and dignified. 
‘‘Most women co uld n't have done 

Vander Ploegs exchange vows in Trinity chapel 

Miss Laurie Renilie Met riminon became the bride of Douglas Mark Vander Ploeg 
T h u r s d a y in the M a r g a r i t e B 
P a r k e r 
Chapel at Trinity University. The Rev. 
Robert Bullock officiated 
Tile bride is the daughter of Dr and Mrs 
Joseph Paxton MeCrirnmon of Richland, 
Mich 
The g ro o m ’s parents are Dr aud 
Mrs Dari FL Vander Ploeg. 
Matron of honor was Mrs .John Wojcik 
Maid of honor was Betsy Brown of Corsi­ cana. Bridesmaids wert* Karen Flack of 
Austin. Kathy French, Linda Gordon, aud 
Debt Knapp 
Bob Vander Ploeg, brother of the groom, served as best man 
G r o o m s m e n were 
Mark MeCru n mon of Richland, brother of the b rid e. A r t h u r Mes sm an of Austin, 
Randy Osherow til St Louis, Bill Spence of 
Houston, and Gary Caswell 
Assisting as ushers were Miles Met rim- mon of Richland, brother of the bride, and 
Ja ck Williams III 
A reception was held in the Ft. Sam 
Houston Officer’s Club. 
The c o u p le wi l l h o n e y m o o n iii Marco 
Island, Fla 

M WM 

 that,” a m a le viewer rem ark ed 
But deep down he must have been impressed by the fact that women are not necessarily reduced to blubbering incoherence in a clinch. 
We re m e m b e r e d that it was Betty 
Ford who stepped forward and took charge when a m an lay dying on the sp eaker’s platform. 
It was Betty Ford, in a spontaneous act of genuine faith, who prayed. The nation watched i i i awe: you touched us all 

Strength 

It was we who prayed for you when we learned of your pending m a s te c ­ tomy. But it was you who gave us strength 
You w e r e o p e n , f o r t h r i g h t . u n a ­ shamed. courageous — giving hope to thousands of women who had been through that hell, saving countless others from a s im ilar fate. 
How can we repay you for the ser- v ice you’ve done us and your country? 
We ll miss you, Betty Ford. We ll miss seeing you dance the b u m p with 
Tony Orlando or the hustle with Fred 
Astaire. 
W e’ll m i s s the ‘ Betty F o rd for 
Pre sid e n t” buttons. We'll miss your u n r e h e a r s e d laugh, y o u r w a r m t h , your steadying influence. We ll miss seeing you, First Lady, just be you r­ self. 
At the time when we needed you most, you were almost too good to be true. 
But th a t’s the best part of all 
We did belie v e a g a in , an d you didn’t let us down 

Sims-Lipply 

Ju d g e J . P. G utierre z of­ f i c ia t e d at th e m a r r i a g e cere m ony of Miss P a m e l a 
J o L ip p ly a n d M i c h a e l 
J a m e s Sims Fri day in the bri de’s home. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Linda J, McMahan and E d w a r d E. Lipply of 
Alliance, Ohio. 
Mrs. Phyllis F. Sims and 
Gordon T. Sims of Alliance are the g ro o m ’s parents 
The bri de w as given iii m a r r i a g e by 
W a d e 
G 
Hampton Attendants were 
Dyanne Ham pton and W il­ liam Parsons. Je nnife r Ka/ was flower girl. 
A reception followed the ceremony. 

A cheery fire welcom es you to Nantucket Lobster Trap, a cozy seafood restaurant with the dim ly-ligh ted m arina at­ mosphere of Eastern seaboard spots. 

A fairly s m a l l place, the Lobster 
T rap fills up quickly, so reservations are in order. Even with a reservation, . expect a wait on weekend/or holiday nights. 
While waiting, von can check the flight schedule of fish flown in (‘very o th e r day fro m points such as Ko­ diak. Twin Falls and New Orleans. 
All that talk of fish will m ak e you thirsty, so slip into the b ar to keep your seafaring spirits up. 
Once you’re seated, tile food is d e­ finitely w orth w a ilin g fo r—and at very affordable prices 

I iobstcr 

The Maine Lobster Pot gets good reviews from visting E a s te r n e rs — even fr o m B o s to n i a n s who a r e a c ­ customed to a 2-pound lobster 

At $8.45, the Nantucket pol includes s t e a m e r c la m s, fresh corn and the traditional baked y a m The lobster r a n g e s in si z e fr o m LIU to I 25 pounds. 

Where lo go'J^T 
W'hat to eat /§ i ® 

 lh Jane llhrieh 

Blit we turned that lemon into le­ monade with tin* help of our charm in g waiter. Keith. 
For my husband, he suggested the 
Dungeness Crab Pot, an item that is not regularly on the menu but was a vaila ble that night for the s a m e price and with the sa m e presentation as the Lobster Pot. 

 i d l i n g 

My husband and I had a late dinner at the Lobster T ra p during the holi­ days, and a horrible thing happened 
They ran out of lobster' 

At first. I thought my meat-and po­ tatoes man was going to sq uirm about having to fish the meat out of those small legs and body cav ities. 
But he loved it! Especially when I took over some of the cracking chores in return for a few bites of the delicate meat. 
For me. Keith re co m m e n d ed the items on the 
“ Morning 
Catch” 
(menu items that change every day) 
I chose P o m p a n o en P a p p il lo t e from Cocoa Beach over Swordfish from Block Island or Rainbow Trout from Twin Falls 
The “ c a tc h ” is priced at $5,115 and includes salad with choice of dressing and baked potato, rice pilaf, yam or corn on tin* cob, as do all the entrees. 

The pompano was absolutely deli­ cious cooked with a c ra b meat and 

 popcorn sh rim p stuffing i i i a puffy parchment paper bag. 
Manager Gary Anderson (who was standing in for the cook that night) explained that the fresh fish is flown to the restaurant when* it is filleted, poached, stuffed and placed iii the parchment 
“ Then it is supposed to blow up like a balloon!” 

E s c a r g o t 

The seasonal appetizer of the day was Golden Mantle Oysters roasted and served with escargot butter 
We chose instead to share a bowl 
(it s rich!) of Nantucket Turtle Soup 
($1.25). It's se r v e d with lime for squeezing and a bottle of sherry for lacing. 
For oyster devotees, they are 111 cents each on the half shell ll you linger as we did (we were there three hours!), you might want to try the Lobster T r a p ’s h o m em ade desserts 
Brown Betty with fresh apples and whipped c re a m is 85 cents and Black 
Bottom Ice ( r e a m Pie is 5)5 cents. 
Either way, be su r e to end your meal with coffee. It's freshly ground and a good brew 
Located conveniently at I .'ll N Iv 
Loop HD, Tin* Lobster Trap offers another bonus 
It is open 585 nights 
(no lu n ch es ) a y e a r —an d that in ­ cludes Chris tm as and New Year's. 
B S Have a happy I DTT Resolve to trv something new aud different lids 
Liz re ady for party 

By LDIS HAASE 
Roll out tin* red carpet for 
Liz C arpenter and get ready for the big “ W elcom e Home Liz 
F iesta.” 

Texans will gath e r from H to ft p.m. 
Saturday. Jan. 8, i i i the Institute of 
Texan Cultures i i i H e m is F a ir Plaza to e m b r a c e thei r Texas Liz after 18 years in Washington. 1) C. 
A spicy M exican m e n u and m a r ­ iachis will blend with the musical talent of Allan (Tinkling iii setting a festive mood. 
Hosts an d h o st e sse s a r e all long ti m e fr ien d s of Liz's. J a n e Macon heads the “ Welcome Back Liz” c o m ­ mitt ee. W o m e n in C o m m u n ic a t io n designed and sent out invitations and assisted in publicity. E sther Curnutt was WJCI c hair m an. 
M i iii-H oast 

An informal pro g ra m is scheduled about 7 p.m. Cactus Pryor, old time friend of Liz’s, will set the mood with his country style of wit. 

A mini-roast is planned with Liz as the main course Among old friends who will add a quip or two will be 
Maury Maverick, Sarah Weddington. 
Bob A r m s t r o n g , J o h n W hit e an d 
M a r ia n e M a m ie, Liz's UT c l a s s ­ mate, who has had a Broadway c a r ­ eer. 
“ And then we ll hold a hymn sing,” 
Liz laughs, “ with som e of the old favorites, such as ‘Amazing G r a c e ’ and ‘Old Rugged Cross.” ’ 
Guests will include alum nae from 

LIZ CARPENTER 

Liz's alma m ater, UT at Austin, xx it Ii 
Dr. William Fitch, district president of the Alumni adding the Texas-Exes greeting. 
Mayor Lila Cockrell has planned a special a w a r d for the Texas born journalist. 
Slides of the “ Life of Liz” will be shown on tin* dome of Hit* institute during the social hour. 
Lady Bird Johnson and daughter. 

Lucy Nugent, will join the cele bra­ tion. Liz served as advisor to the late 
President Lyndon Johnson and was press secretary to Ins w ife. 

To check on ru m o rs that Liz, was planning a meeting prior to the Fiesta 
— possibly to announce her candidacy for the LLS. Senate — a call was placed to her new home i i i Austin 

The only thing I’m running for is my typewriter.” Liz exclaimed. “ Aud you can quote m e ! ” 

A n u m b e r of meetin gs a re being scheduled by group s who will be in town to attend the party. “ But, I a m just putting on my fiesta dres s and 
(rooming to my party — that's all. Liz said. 

Among thi* reservations pouring i i i each day arc those from women le­ g i s l a t o r s . Bett y D ento n of Waco, 
Ed die B ernic e Jo h n s o n of Dallas, 
Ken fronts T hom pson of Houston, Ir­ ma Handel of Kingsville and Chris 
Miller of Fort Worth. 

John and Bitsy Hill will attend aud the Briscoes are still juggling their social ca le ndar to try to attend 

It promises to bi* a night ol tall tales, good conversation, hugging and ha nd-clasping, la ughter, m e m o ri e s and above all. a night to rem em b er. 

The public is also invited and lite committee says 
"Ya’il co m e." 
Tickets to the “ Welcome Home Liz 
F i e s t a ” m a y be o r d e r e d u n ti l 
Wednesday by sending $5 to 828 Mt 
Kisco, San Antonio, Tex 78215 

Elysian (Auh 

 s l a t e r m e e t i n gn 

The Elysian f lu I) will meet in the bonn* «»l Mrs 
( C h a R c t / l o l f at 8 p iii 
Mmidav 
Make most o f new year 

MRS D. M VANDER PLOEG 

PUBLIC 
NOTICE 

Fisher’s of San Antonio will be closed all d ay to d ay in preparation for a trem endous N EW Y E A R ’S SALE fe' 
*' 
-*'■ 
* , rf’V'. 
L e # , ir 1 K? Y 
I " . 
,v - TV ’ 
' i f ? LL.', 
L V i 
^ on Sunday. See the Sunday papers for hundreds of bargains. 

" . . d l - l IIM I l \ •' l l . M U . 
I t l l H » -111 M g - 
1 r 

1 4 5 o N. I. LOOP 4 1 o 

By ANN LANDERS 

Dear Readers: 
H A PP Y 
NEW YEAR! 
How d id you feel w hen you got up tins m o r n in g ? 
Hung over? 
Depressed? 
Disgusted with y o u r s e l f 
Does y o u r m o u t h t a s t e like th e bott om of a bird c a g e ? Are you t r y i n g to r e a d t h e p a p e r t h r o u g h bloodshot eyes? 
S e r v e s you r i g h t . You should have quit when you w e r e a h e a d 
You w e r e a h e a d , of c o u rs e , ju st b e ­ fore you started. 
Not everyone ad m ires to­ tal a b s t i n e n c e , h o w e v e r 
One fellow ex pressed s y m ­ p a th y for t h e b l u e n o s e s when he said. ‘i t must be h o r r i b l e to g et up in th e morning and know that's as good us you’re going to feel all day ” 
But here s a word of e n ­ c o u r a g e m e n t 
Y o u ’ll live 
T i m e is y o u r f r i e n d 
By nightfall you’ll know you ’re going to make it. 
As I was saying. “ Happy 
New Y e a r!” And nuw a few cheerful thoughts to help 

 get you th r o u g h the next few hours 

You c a r h a s just d e p r e ­ ciated $84o Every th in g iii your closet is la* t y ea r’s. 

The resolu ti ons for 1878 
— all those p r o m i s e s you made to yourself — to lose weight, ((int sm o k in g , get o r g a n i z e d , t a l k n i c e r to your mother-in-law, walk at least a m i l e a d a y , s a v e 
S O M E TH IN G out of each paycheck — t h e y n e v e r materialized 

But 1877 is g o in g to In* different 
Y o u ’re going to get pla c e s on tim e, clean out those draw ers, catch up on all that b a c k r e a d i n g , w r i t e th o s e l e t t e r s , arid acknow ledge every C h ris t­ mas curd with a hand-writ­ ten message, 
So H ap p y 
New Y e a r , e v e r y b o d y ! T o m o r r o w is not only the beginning of a new year, it is the first day of the rest of your life. 
So m a k e it count 
Savor ll! Relish it! It's precious! 
Yuudl never get a chance to pass this way again. 

WHEE! 

HHPPV 7 7 FOLKS. 

FROST BROS. 

J 

Actio xpress 

To have your problem solved or a ques- lions answered, write Act ion-Express, TA). 
Hox 21 7 T Son Antonio, TX 7H2*)7. 
Cops on walks 

Is it legal for the police to drive their three-wheeler scooters on the sidewalk? 
If not, why was a policeman driving on the sidewalk eastbound on Commerce Street near the Convention Center earlier this week? 
It doesn’t teach much respect for the law when tin* police engage in these sort of shenanigans. 
Can von find out if that sort of thing is legal? 
R. O. I 

YOU CAN'T 
) 

DRIVE Y o u r THREE- 
L ^HEELER THERE I 

NANCY 

I GOT A 
MEW V E A R 
C A R D FROM 
EVERYONE 
BUT ROLLO, 
THE 
RICH 
K ID 

Serf: 

 s s R S p 
• ' 
„JC3 o r . ) 

3s, • 
J 
CAI I IS 

 czi.CD 
2 o £ jttcr.JLZ 
CZJ a c :.3 oacr^tpc 

No it is not legal, police officials said emphatically. 
Howexer, there are ex ­ ceptions to almost anyth­ ing. 
Generally, police are to abide by all traffic laws unless they are responding to an emergency. 
Police were interested in the episode of driving on the sidewalk, and we pro­ vided them with the time and place but they said they could not track the officer down without the number of his unit. 
We checked back with 

 you and you didn't happen to get it. 
Maybe the officer will volunteer an explanation, but it would seem a bit strange to imagine an> but the most unusual circum­ stances that would require him to drive his three- wheeler down a city sidewalk. 

We do know there was no apparent emergency at that location at that time of the day. As best we can deter­ mine. he shouldn't have been doing it. 

Rad Ui repeal 

 when they played 
I was listening to KTSA last Sunday the Top 4o hits. 
When it was all over, Casey Kasum announced that they were the Top 4o for the week ending Dee. IK Well, that W a s tin* pres iou# week. 
Did they play the wrung tape or what happened that I ttiev gave last week's Top 4o’ 
O. J. It 

KTSA officials conceded that the program tor last 
Sunday morning was “ ba­ sically the sa m e ” as the program for the previous 
Sunday. 
W hy * 

Well, one of Casey's an­ nual ieatures is the Top IOO of the past year. That pro­ gram lasts about eight hours. Instead of playing it un Sunday in the time slot usually reserved for the three-hour Top IO picks. 
KTSA played the Top IOO 
New Year's Kve. 

So to fill in the space left by shuffling the Top IOO show to Friday, they mere­ ly repeated the Top IO from the previous week, we were told. 
There was no explanation offered lo listen ers who might have been smart en­ ough to catch the date re­ ferences. Fact is, there was no Top IO issued for that week since the Top IOO of the year was issued in­ stead. 
At least that's how th* radio station folks ex plained it. 

K c i i - L t u i t i o n soil*! 

 t an you help us * 
There is a dog food commercial on television in which they sing Ken-L Ration, Ken-L Ration 
This melody is very lamiliar and I know I have heard it somewhere before. 
< an you find out what it is'* 

Our recollection of that melody was that it belonged to a song called “ Lollipop, lollipop." 
It was a late ads or early bds tune, we think. lf anyone else out there 

E W 

 wants to help on this. we ll be glad to hear from >ou. lf we get enough different answers we ll call the 
Ken-L Ration people to he sure, hut we think that s the song vou remember. 

Burglary invitation 

Ifs a crying shame our yard is cluttered every week with neighborhood newspapers When we are out of town four months in the sum m er we are at the mercy of the neighbors who sometimes pick them up 
To h a v e those p a p e r s iii the trout yard without boing picked up is an invitation lo some one to burglarize our home Is there anything we eau do about it ‘ 
K. N. C, 

 lf >ou know which p a p e r s are being thrown at sour door regularly, >eu might try calling the officers of the papers and ask them to step distributing the paper at >eur address. 
Frankly however, there are liable to be other lea flets, flyers etc. thrown at your house which you can­ not halt 
The hest thing siinplv is to ask a good friend or a 

 neighbor lo come by every day or so and throw the papers away. 
Then, when‘they go on vacation you can offer to do the same for them, or ba­ bysit for them or something in return. 
A slack of rolled up cir­ cu la rs. n ew sp a p ers and flyers is an open invitation to a b u rg la r. But your neighbors may be your best bet in this case. 

Movie fare 
I am 14 years old and I ani writing about movies There are mostly R, X and PG movies I really don’t like them lieeause I can’t set* them 
I can name more than 2o movies on right now that I can’t see. There are even some on telev ision I tike to see funny and good movies, but sttll there are dirty scenes in those 
There are really only six movies I can see at the movies now. I like to go sin* the good ones hut they are too far away and others are places I don’t even know where they are. 
Mov ics arc really great and sometimes educational if they are not dirty movies. I wish you could do something about this Maybe I can go see a lot more of them 
MICHAEL MOZ ARIS 

At the present time. there are only three “ G" rated movies showing in ban An­ tonio. se this lad s point Is welltaken. 
The movie house owners adm it that Wait Disney movies have great pull, but they also admit there are not that m any G rated movies being made any­ more. 
Just for example, young 
M ichael could not see 
“King Kong’’ or “The Pink 

Panther Strikes Again or even “ Midway" if he stuck to the G rated pictures 
The only G shows in ban 
\ntonio are the 
“ The 
Shaggy ILA,,” “ Bugsy Ma­ lone" and “Sasquatch." 
There are probably plen­ ty of other kids out there who would go to more G rated movies if they were available. There isn t much we can do for Michael ex­ cept give him a ticket to see 
“The Shaggy l).A.” 

George C. Thosleson, 
BLD. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday January I 1977 
Rest key therapy for a cold 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: You hear and read so much these days about flu and colds. Just how long should a normal cold last, and what does it mean if it lasts longer than that? — Mrs. P.S.p 

A cold is a virus infection of the respiratory tract. There 
’are about a hundred or m ore different viruses, some apparently more stubborn than others. But a “ norm al" cold (no illness is normal) may last from about a week to 
IO days. It is what is called a 
“ self-lim itin g ” infection — that is, it runs its course no matter what we do to treat it. 
All you can do is make your­ self as comfortable as possible. 
If a cold lingers on, you can be fairly certain that another culprit is involved, a bacterial infection, for example, of the sinus or lungs. If a cold is neglected, a person becomes more prone to such secondary infections. T hat’s why rest is important therapy for a cold. 
Hiatal hernia 
D ear Dr. T hosteson: Six m onths ago I had bleed in g from the rectum and went to my gynecologist. X-rays showed nothing wrong. Yet I have to go to the bathroom five or six times a day and I strain. 
The doctor suggested I drink more water and use suppo­ sitories. I have lots of gas. I also have a hiatal hernia. 
Could that have anything to do with my problem? Do you think I have something wrong with my digestive tract? — 
Mrs. PAV. 
Yes — to both of your questions. 
Digestion is not limited to the stomach and intestines alone. It begins in the mouth and goes through several stages all aiong the length of the digestive tract. What interferes with one stage may well interfere with other stages in this very complex process. 
It could he related to your hiatal hernia. For the benefit of other readers, hiatal hernia is an abnormal opening in the d ia p h ra g m at the point w here the gullet passes through to the stomach. The gullet is far removed from the rectum, but subtle effec ts can occur there. For example, if you had pain and difficulty swallowing because of the gullet problem. 
Frequent bowel movements warrant an inspection of the colon by proctoscope. I suggest you see a doctor familiar with colon problems. Perhaps my booklet dealing with hiatal hernia may be helpful to you. For a copy, send 35 cents to me in care of this newspaper. Enclose a stamped, self-addressed envelpe. 
Hypospadis 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: The opening of my penis is on the underside of the penis and not at the end where it’s sup­ posed to bt*. 
I have three boys. One is like me. I also have two grandchildren, one with the sam e condition. Can you explain why this happened? — W.M.W, . 
This is called hypospadias, faulty development of the urethra — which is the canal from the bladder to the urinary opening in the penis. It is passed on through generations, with the frequency of appearance varying. 
It can bt' corrected surgicay, and should be in most cases. Sterility may result from hypospadias, but appar­ ently not in your type. A urologist can advise you about the ideal time for any surgery*. In general, it is best to wait until a child can cooperate to some extent. However, it is thought best to have it done by the third year. In some cases late childhood is the best time. 
Figures I have indicates it occurs in one out of about 9oo births. I ii the female, the parallel abnormality may create a channel from the urethra into the vagina instead of into the urinary opening. 

Did you know that 8o per cent of stroke victims resume to some degree their former lives? In "Stroke Recovery — Hope and Help," Dr. Thosteson describes the causes and treatment of stroke For a copy write him in core of this newspaper, enclosing 25 cents and a long, stamped and self-addressed 
#M|jrt||>>». . 
; : : 
. .. . - . 
- 
. ~ 
- 
- 
- 

BY T R IC K Y R IC K Y 

I. The party's over (I) 

Every w o rd y GI RDY an sw er is a rhyming pair of words I like True Blue, 
Plain Jane, and H rm pty Dumptv > 
Read the definition, then think of two rhyming words that will fit in the k ite r squares. The num ber after the definition tells you how many syllables in e a ch word of the rhyming pair. 

■ 
2 Midnight ren d eivou s 
■ : I i. 
3. Inebriated stinker (I) 

I rll ky Ricky p a w 
$1o tor the m**\t original WORDY 
OUR DYS Send sour heel rhym e* with definitions 

 r i r 
........m r . . . . . 
4. R obust festivity (2) 
. 

I 
5. terrific state o f painlessness (2) 

 i 
.... 
6. Arising with a hangover (2) 

 rn 
7. A happy 3 6 5 day* (2) 

 i i i i m i m 
...1.1 

I H H V 45 I I i m GI > : 'M tlM *v 'IM M * * * IMM U N ii U I* •* 
\ I U X J VI MV IU * MN |>4N M N II M I ( b t l t l U 
. I V k l V I I I 

JEANE DIXON’S 
HOROSCOPE 
KUR SUNDAY 

Your birthday Sunday: 
Finds you in a relatively quiet developmental phase while you become familiar with the ins and outs of a ocal system . Late in the year the tempo of daily liv­ ing picks up as you simplify your ap p ro a ch , focus on whatever you value most. 
R elationships follow a sim ila r p attern . T o d ay ’s natives are noted for great aud sustained power in poli­ tics once motivated to try. 
Those born this y ear are guided by intuition and a re­ solve to meet all challenges 
T hen education should be well rounded 

A n t* (March l l April lf): 
Pen e * rircjuatntonces with »ho*t lust 
(jack (ram tourneys 
► yep on the move, hut ac thrifty What von hear provoke* ter iou* thought Evening it tor romance 
Taurus (April JO M uv IO) 
Rem nom s or lolidov activities route outlays beyond your current hue), get Draw the line or et to revolve to economize for some lime to come. 
G em ini (M a y ll-J u n e 2o) friend* wait (or you to set the pace or will let you modify what they re doing it you sneak up Youngster* need advice and protection 
Toke 
*everot Drecks 

C an ce r (Ju n e 21 Ju ly 22) 
Today s influences favor solitary m editation t o t e r h o u rs otter reconciliation with aider people, os welt a * on in spiring view ot on old problem 
Leo July 22 Aug 21): 
Comped live instinct* run strong It you con afford to outspell neignoors, do so on protect* that ore constructive it yon tor * cosh, De innovative 
Virgo (Aug 
21-Scot 22): intui 
(ton arrives belatedly 
Follow it. contrary to advice you get Irons trends, it * akey to bend the rule* temporarily, tibro (kept 21 O d 22); Oo who! comes naturally, within reason, to the lim it* of the pr even toot ion 
Decisions make themselves within th# contest ot current relationships 

Sc erg ie (Oct. 21Nev. ll) ; 
Ask good Buellton*, listen lorelei to the answers t ‘ Dens pose opinions on precedent* set long ago translate them into contemporary terms 
Sagittarius (Nev 
22 
Dec ti); 
The oov goes smoothly, a* vou conserve energy and toke tune to 
Consolidate pions Gather your re sources tor (tie greater task ahead 

C ap ricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. lf ) 
Pursue a leisurely rourse It you vt done your work, lusunpte in the preview of what s coming lf you fen down on the loc don i dowdm 
Aquarius (Jon. 2o-Fcb. ll); fen toy vicarious participation at public or sports event*, teem py exam ­ ple Use a choice to set somebody 
Straight on a Story mixup 
Risen* (Fen ll March 2o> keep lite simple Once you fulfill your usual Sunday responsibilities, emov watching the poising scene Try to improve your perspective 

S a n A n t o n i e E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y J a n u a r y I 
1 9 7 7 p Q g e 
3 . ( 3 

C 
' o w t p l e t e n a t i o n w i d e e o m p o a t l e p r i c e s 
N e w Y o r k s t o c k s 

E x c l u s i v e 
I n 
S e n 
A n i e n t ® 

H igh to w 

' _ 
I 8o 8 4oV 
35V 
.■J’1' A J tn d u s t 
8 .536 
AH 
E l* 
A M F Inc I 24 l l 1123 
211-4 
M H fE 'r S o1)* 
' 
5 276 
U H 
I 2o 1 3 
35 7 
5oU 
8o . 
1376 
J IH 

A 
- B 
- C 

S ^ t E T °a -iKqeA^ 
U 
T rad,nq * ' 
^ 
*" New Y° rk 
^Yearly 
Soto* f / al 
P-E 
(h«H.) 
H igh to w Urn Chg 
36+n JI *4 ACE Ina 
H 
24 
SPH 
MSI* -JU '* ARASv 
33 
ASALtd 
‘ LH 
7'4 AT OI ne 
_ 
__ 
W M A bbtLab 
I 
16 1516 
SOH 
8 ’ » Acm eClv 
SO 15 
277 
9’/* 
.o4 
5 
'72 
3U 
V U Adm E x 
91e 
191 
W U 
-_3H A d m s M iilis 
7 
156 
4+s 
7 H Address lOe 18 1889 
13-* 
36 U 
22-» Aetna L f I 2o 
IO 417S 36+. 
36- 4 Aetna Lf pf 2 
5 S3 - ? 
AH A g u irre Co 
14 
16 
H H 
9 H A tm a n s 
.22 
6 
269 
16H 
2-'7 A iteen inc 
78 
551 
J U 
?9 H A ir P ro d 2o15x 15o5 3 5” , l l 
A irb n F rt 
6o 13 
348 
15V 
17-4 A irco ln c I 15 7 
387 
M U 
3 U ^ k M n a I TO 
13 
493 17+. i m 
, 
" M ss 1 28 
8 
-18 16-/4 
113H 1o4-7 A laPw p t ii 
745o i n 
1o3-7 
89 
A la p pf9 44 
78 
A la p pts 16 
77-4 A la p p f8 28 
/ASO 
11 - b A laskln 
4oe 
6 
438 
14 
A lbanyln 
72 
8 
233 
5 U A-bertoC 
36 17 
183 
U U A lb e rtin 
72 l l 
378 
W H A lcanA lu 4o 53 1678 l 4 -o AlcoStd 
8oa 
6 
177 
ISH A lconLb 
28 18 
541 
SU Alexdrs jap 
7 
495 
7’ / AlleoC p tsp is 
779 
26' 7 A llg lu d 192 
J 
153 
24>b A llg Lu d w i 
6 
33-4 A llgLud p l 3 
37 
16H A llq P w 
I sa 
8 
962 
9 -4 A llenG rp 6o 
7 
118 
33-ii AlldCh 
I 8o 
V 1493 
918 A lld M n t 
6.1 
7 
88 
9 H A lld P rod 
6o 22 
243 
4o-4 A lldStr 
ISO 
6 
311 
S IU A lldS tr pl 
4 
72o 
2-4 A lldS upm kt 
41' 
I He A llisC hal 
9o 
6 2572 
6 H A tlrtA u t 
6o 
9 
86 
6- 7 A lp ba P rt 
25e 
6 134 
38’ 7 Alcoa 
I 4o 18 
959 
3o 
Am aiSug 3a 
7 
1o1 
47 
A m a* 
I 75 
14 
974 
115 
A m ax pts 25 
52- 7 Am ax p fB l 
I I H AM BAC 
I 
16- 4 Am erce I 2o 
29 7 A m rc pl2 6o 
I A*1 a AHess 
6o 
ASH AHe5 pf 3 5o 
13-4 A A irF ilt 
56 
BH Am A irlin 
4 'n Am cord 
38 l l ' * A m B aker 
I 
18- a A Bi nds 2.8o 
21 
A Bi nd pf I 7o 
19 ’ » Ani Bde St 
I 
8-4 A m B ld M ,5o 
3o’ 8 Ain Can 
2 4o 
21 
ACan pf 1 75 
I-* Am een M tq 
12- 7 Am Cred Sin 
23’ 
ACyan i 5o 
7H A m D is tlll 
19-4 ADiSlTel 
84 
4-4 A m O ua lv t 
12- 7 ADul pf 84a 
. . . . . 
2o-8 Am El Pw 2 o6 IO 22o6 25’ > 

12’ b 
SH 

53 
I I H 
17 
6 ' 8 
39-4 
15-8 
34-8 
25 H 
16 

91 
91’ 7 
17-7 
? IH 
8 H 
23H 
3 o'* 
ISH 
28 
9-4 
13-4 
43- 4 
25U 

JJU 
2o 
44'ft 
'3 s* 
15-e 
59-4 
57 
6 
3o 
9-4 
15 ' a 
61-4 
41- 7 
6o-4 
146 

21 ’ 4 
17- , 
32-r 
74-8 
21-4 
16 8 
11-8 
IS * a 
•6 
26 
JOH 
W U 
.39-4 
T IU 
3 
17', 
28’ 8 

12 144+8 139'/» 144H- 

8'a 
U-4 
25' , 
I ) , 
14 
6H 
25-x 
18' 8 
2 o’ 8 
29' , 
21-« 
'SH 
37 H 
167 
37-4 
6-a 
H H 
9H 

I? 
29' 8 
W '8 
IS H 
13 4 
9 '* 

I I H l?-4 
MIU 
8-4 
IO 7 
12'e 
19- 7 
34-4 
)'b 
9 r 1 hi 

8 - 1 A F a m ily 
32 
7+* A m FinS y pf 
7-4 Am Fin Bys 
22-b AOI Bd IVA# 
15 
AGenCv 1 32 
12-e A m G nlns 
68 8 
21 '4 A m G ln pf I 8o 
ISH A m G ln pf 9o 

7 1556 
21)6o 
1o5 
197 x 12o 
725 
82 
84 
13 
A m H oist 
8o 
5 
668 
28-7 A m Ffom r 
I 19 5o42 
13o- 7 A Hom epf 7 
2 I 
78 ’ a Am Hosp 
4o 19 1863 
2-7 Am Invest TO 31 
43o 
5’ * AM edtcl 
24 
IS 
649 
5- » AMed'Cp 
IO 6 977 
3 '* Am 
M otors 
6 5563 
32-• A N a tP 
2 64 
8 391 
BH Am V a t 
4o 
7 7o7 
8 V AShtp 
37r 
I 
161 
16-4 Am Sfnd I 3o 
7 1o44 
54' / ASfd pl 4 75 
147 
6 
A m S teril 
3o t 3 1o98 
76-4 A m S trs I 9o 
6 
92 
Am T i t 3 8o l l 6133 
A m t *, Tnt 
4 
P< 
- 
A IT pf A 3 64 
45 
ATT p!H3 74 
15o3 
RH AW atW k 
7o 
6 
113 
15' 1 A VV 4 Ipf I 43 
758o 
12-8 AW pH I 25 
721o 
I?' 7 AW 5pf I 25 
2 5o 
14’ * Am eron 
I 
? 
81 
5- / Am esD i v 
5 
126 
19- 4 A m e le t I 4o IO 
514 
13 
A m fai Inc 
I 
8 
382 
26 
A M P In t 
4! 25 7939 
8 1 A m pco 
6o 9 * 79 
4-4 A m per Corp 13 2365 
I n Arnrep Corn 
281 
19 
A irts!ar I 3ft 
5 
241 
7H Am Sir pf 68 
27 
HI>4 Am st pf 2 65 
I 
34 
Am sted 
2 
8 
368 
4- 7 A m let 
36 
9 
593 
17-e Anarond 
6o 125 6)5 
22’ * A n rh rH I 4o 
7 
246 

4H 
16' r lh' » 
H U 
6 
3- 1 

3o 
J '* 

And Cl y 
5 
A ngelica 
16 
9 
5 '* A nixter 
2o 
7 
7 
AnsulCo 
531 
o-4 Apache 
5ob 
6 
BH* Apco Oil 
32 
I H Apeco Corp 
411 A pPw pf$ I? 
2 
18 
ApPw pi7 4o 
2-> Appl id Mag l l 
9 -4 A r tataN 
6o 
8 
77- 7 A rca tN pf 7 
A rchD an 
TO 
9 
A rctic E ntr 
8 
Aristae 
A rt/P S v I 48 
9 
A riP p l IO TO 
A rkB est 
44b 
A rkLG s I 8o 
9 
Alen 
P tty D 
A rm ada CP 
9 
A rm co 
I lo 
V 
A rm pf 2 IO 
A rm r pf 4 75 
7 

TOU 
17’ * A ro C o rp 1b 
I x16 
18’ / 
IAU 
9 ', 
A rv in 
SJe 
5 
498 
16'. 
TV 1 
25V 
Ar yin lh pf 7 
Bl 
29 V 
Kl 
U H 
A'.erco 
8o 
14 
Sore 
H U 
1 4* 
I V , 
A+hlOil 
I 9o 
I 
U H 
Aft 
27' ; A sdD rG I 5o l l 
43o 
U H 
IA H 
* '• 
Athione 
AO 
5 
UT 
U 
■ V , 
IU 
AI ILC; M fg 
A b C /E l 167 
A tlC E Pf5 87 

3o7 
IU 

{ i v l l a ti 
8 
3o6 
I 
23+4 
83' I to- / 
' J9' 4 A+R'Cb I AO 17 3717 
SBH 
K T 
LIZ 
A tiR i h pf 
J 
6 197 , 
5? 
I i V; A tlR c PU 75 y34o 
57 t i li> 4 AHRc pf? 8(1 
A lla s C p 
I! 
226 
7V 1 
IV V 
U U 
T 
55? 
IA H 
• i v 
» 
Auto Data 74 
221197 
TA'. 

IS H 
V a A utm fnd 
24 
A 
164 
IU i' 1 A yco Corp 
2 1238 
U V 
I ’ * 
' 1 A vcoC p w t 
451 
I 
A l' ; 
IB- * AvcOCp pf 
62 
41 
JAH 
SI' 1 A y e ry ln f 
16 21 
437 
7?»4 

U H 
17-4 

I I H 
75-4 
32-8 
TBH 
56 I 
16 I 
»?’ • 
17 
15-4 
J IH 
37 
16' 8 j o u 

TU A vis Inc 1oe 
7.188o IJ H d tt-8 A vnetlnc 
6o 
I 1871 
U U 
21 
Avne* pf 
I 
7 
341, 
JJT4 AvonPd 
2 18 4291 
4VH 
IU BT M fg 
Joe 
195 
TV 
18-4 Babek WU I JO 
8531 
35H 
4-4 Bache 
4oe 
6 
4o7 
9+# 
7 H B ake r In 36 9«83J 
IOU 
4oH Bake In tl 
4? <3 1785 
47 
8- 1 BaldO H 
48 
J 
57 
U H 
16‘ m BallCp 
8o 
6 
136 
IV V 
11-# B allyM f 
o7e 18 1147 
32+» 
77'» BalfGF. 
2 o8 
V U52 
77 
*■o 
Ba * pf B4 5o 
2 54o 
S6V 
12-8 Banca 
6o HO 241 
H H 
IT H Bandaa 
TO 
Bange Punt 
BanP p it 25 

75'* 
77U 

5J- » 
JJU 

IJ H 
3o 

17' > BangP pf 2 
?8+* B kofNY 2 » 
7 
719 lf - a Bt* of Va 
88 
7x245 
.’4 
Bank Am 
8o 1 1 4749 
28's B ank T r 
3 V«854 
; 
25H Hrtk.T pf 7 <o k383 
25-4 BarbOu t 6o 
319 
H H B re de » 
24 14 
7o7 
14-8 Bam sG p 
8o 
7 
35 
/ k Basil inc 
8o 
4 ma 
76! 
Bairn pf J 5o lim ll'n Bat es Mf fin JO 
>o3 
25 
B auM tiL 
I 
IO 
451 
Buat f r y 
24 23 7869 
Bay SI (J I 88 
8 «48 
BaykC ig 
24 2 38 
IS 
Bl ar mg 
5o 
12 
216 
Beat F ds 
84 U 3813 
Beck mn 
12 is 
J6V 
BectO'Ck 
6o 15 HSJ 
Bere SA 
I 
8 
445 
Baker 
28 
18)6 
H H BeicpP 

IJ H 

15* 
Bel den 
I 37 
Benin He 
34b 
Bed MOW 
14 
44' 1 B aited# 3 72 
4 
I ) '* 
Bem.a 
I 2o 
I 
37'# 
B and'* 
I 
A 
66 
Band * p l 
3 
U H 
Ban11 CP I 4o 
4 
46' 1 Banat pf 4 3o i i 
B>*nef pf 4 SO 
BSV 
Banat pts SO 
25' ; Bnf! Sp! 7 SO 
IV 
Beni Md M fg 
1 '* •a rrgt B 
o7# 
I 
V * Barkey P+o 
IJ H 
Bes* Prod l l 
13 
Bath if f 
J 
« 
JZH B 'uThree AO 19 
15*4 B ieckD r 
4o 2o 
Bia-r In a. 
WU 
Bliw>Lau 1 o8 
T 
U U 
B ld lkH R 
I u 
JU' . 
B'uaBail 
IO a 
J U 
B iuab.ro 
o5a 
I 
TH 
Boob'a Brks 
TAU Boeing u t i 
21' ; Boiyecas ac 
W 
17’ a B *M lh t )6 
I 

4 s 
2*8 Bor rn«n 
27>* 
•4 
12*4 
15-4 
U-4 
M U 
33-« 

 u 
M - 1 
TO 
J7»» 
• u 
13-1 
7* 
8*4 
I I H 
78-4 
3o-4 
71-4 

Bordel- 
I 4o 1o 
•o r War I 4o 
I 
>61 

/WO 
77*8 Boiled 
2 44 IO 
B l' < H ost pf 8 88 
IoH Bose pl I 17 
IJ H BosF pf 
I 46 
HO 
SH B r# n iff 
24 IO 7oo5 
15-4 BraunCF 
8o 
8 1o*o 
26-4 B rig Str 
*7 16 
2o6 
6 IU B riitM y 18o Un 1o)o 
39-4 B H IM pf 
J 
IM 
♦ ' / B r.tP et 
B e 35 27o* 
B H BrkwG f I 4o -7 
1«4 
16- 1 BklyU G I 77 
I 
24* 
25*. BKI UG pf 2 47 
28 
SH BwnShrp TO 
H I 
♦ H fro w n C 
Ila 
18*4 Bw'-Gp 
I 4o 
SU Br we Per i f l 
W H 
4o 
IUJ724 l l 
SO 
8*1585 18-> 
I 
I 
<84 
J IH l l 
Br un» wk l l 
Br g id W 
18 
B u ty n e 
44 
U 
9 H B- ddCo I 2o 
5 
832 21-. 
SII' I 
49 
BudnCo pts 
J47o 57-j 
6*4 
5 
Bi dCa pf 4o 
25 
4 H 
9H 
4*4 B o d u ln J 
Ior I 
58 
9H 
26-4 
TO' , B,,f<»o I 4oa 
9 
IO IS H 
11-4 
6 ttUOva 
o5| 
434 
I U 
12* 1 
IOU Bundy CP to 
7 
33 I I H l l ' 1 t9.k B u n .N il I 88 
133 H i 
18-4 
11-t B u n k fB p tlS O 
5< 
18 
9*4 
4 - B k -* Barrio 
44* 
8 I 
34 
23*4 B url Inn I 4o 
8 
784 
TBH 
4k i 
31 'n B ur!fro I foe 
6 
941 44*. 
*H 
6’ . Burl No p* 55 
48 
7H 
W i 
24-4 B urna y 
88 
12 
13' 29 j 
HMC; 
SJV 
B u rrg m 
48 JI ISO* *1 H 
JOU 
H H fv « 9 w | Od 
8 U 7* 
11 
61 
*6-4 CBS 
7 l l U97 59 H 
41-f 
33 
CBS pf 
I 
6 4o'4 
4*4 
1*4 CCI 
Corp 
774 
4-4 
2*4 
11 C I M fg Gp 
I U 
I 
4*4 
2*8 C li f t 
Inv 
2o 7 
4U 
4o*4 
28 * 4 C ITFm 
2 4o 
9 
66k 4o-4 
1*4 
7 14 CL A s s e tt 
’ 93 
H 
7 
4' / CL Asst pf I 18k 
4o 8H 
SH CLCAm 
?4 
J 
358 
AU 
8 
C M Iin v Cp 
72 
398 TO 
5*4 CNA F int 
IO 
3494 
7*8 l l 
C N A pf A1 IO l l 
CNA! 
I OM 

2o 
SU 
U 
13*4 
49-4 
4o / C P C lnt 2 3o 1o*18o3 49 U 
47 * 
A Z * a 

Yearly 
H igh Lew 
26- j 
U H CTSCp 
6o 
4'J 
IU Cab Cab For 
42H 
18" , CabotC 
I 4o 8 
5'8 
2V Cadence Ind 8 
SU 
?H Caesars W rl 
BH 
3 
Ca! Finanl 8 
19-4 
ISH Cal PUt 
I 6o 8 
17-j 
IOU G allatin 
3or 18 
3Ak 
IU Cam rn B m 
2 7'} 
16'? Cm pRL 6oa 16 
39 H 29 * . Cam Sp 
148 13 
31U 
27-» CampTg 1.12 IO 
19’ } 
13 
Cdn Pac 
86e 7 
12’ * 
7- } Can al R 
64 l l 
56’ , 
42U CapCdis 
2o 13 
. . 
74-b 
17-8 CapHold 
6o l l 1o37 
3 
H Caplt M fg 
196 
IS H 
29H Carbor 
I 12 9 185 
4' 4 
2 "} C arling OKe 2o 
98 
IOU C a rlisle 
88 
J 
67 

B i 
(h d t.) H igh lo t* /.Last Cha. 
" 
U 2 f5 
IOU 
IS H 
1 9 '}+ 
H 
858 
337 
121 
218 
438 
127 
192 
274 
239 
791 
5o2 
783 
125 
194 

3H 
42 H 
4 
4*4 
8' * 
19*4 
U H 
I* . 
24 H 
39H 
J IH 
17' 4 
SH 
58*8 
22’ } 
IU 
35 H 
3',4 
15H 

1o2 
66o 
71 
8 
86 
U U U 
/IO 
96 
9 16oo 
263 
4o2 
219 
331 

3o 

53- . CaroC&On 5 y 188o 71 
5-4 C aroFrg 
3o 37 
“ * 
U H CaroPw I 72 
9 
76U C arP pf 2 67 
21' } CarTec 
I BO l l ' . C arrC p 
44 
» 
C a rr pf 2 25 
12- j Carr On 
89e 
17H C art Ha w 9o 
31-} C a rtH w pt2 
6 
C art Wall 
4o 
8 
Case NG 
73r 
15 
Cesti Ck 
8ob 
. . . 
53’ 8 C a trpTr i 5o 12 2o48 
14 
CefOCp 
' '5 12 
47 
41U Celanse I 8o 
9 
4 38 
46-4 Celn pf A4 SO 
2! 
7*s Centex 
12 
12 
551 
13-4 Cen SOW I 2o IO 4834 
17' } Cen Hud I 72 
8 
96 
15H Cen 11 l i t I 6o 12 
4 24 
45 
Cb I Lf pt4 SO 
/28o 
77” } Cn I L f pf 2 87 
/181o 
25- } Cn I Lf 111? 62 
12o2o 
12” * Cen 11 PS I 28 IO 
896 
18 
CenLaE I 4o l l 
675 
14 
C eM Pw I 4o l l 
324 
13H Cen Soya .7o 
7 
4o1 
19- 4 CenTel 
I 36 
IO 
633 
19-4 C entrD at 
8o 13 
584 
15 
C ert teed 65 l l 
224 
21-* CessnAir I 2o 
8 337 
18 
CO am plnt 
I IO 1629 
55 
Chm I pts 5o z67o 
18U Chm I pf I 2o 
37o l l 
D ia m Sp 
68 IO 1916 
2H C hartrC o o8 34 1 658 
71H O ia rtr NY 2 
6 
483 
7 
ChaseFd 
6oe 
3o2 
26-8 O a s e M 2 2o 12 3135 
7 
ChaseT 
83e 
562 
5H Chelsea 
4o 37 ‘ 197 
25-4 Chem in 1 SO 
7 
295 
3o-8 Chm NY 2 88 
‘ 
25-4 ChesVa I 36 
22- } ChesePn 
76 
34-4 Chessie 7.32 
4' . Chi Mi I w CP 
8- * C h iM ilw pf 
24-4 ChiPneuT 
2 
2 
Ch k Fu ll 
4' i C hris Craft 
8 
ChrsCtt pf I l l ' / ChCft cvpf 
16 
9-4 C hrom al 
84 
6x336 
53 
Chroma pf 5 x!2 
1o-8 C hrysler 
3oe 6 8164 
32' / ChurChk 
6ob l l 659 

994 
34 
1832 
582 
274 
24 
168 
42o 
618 

6 
24-9 
3o’ } 
35 H 
2o 
3o 
14*4 
I9H 
35-4 
7--J 
9 
15 H 
58 
17-4 
49H 
52-4 
12*4 
17-4 
TOH 
18-4 
52 
31'} 
28 H 
15U 
28-4 
16-} 
U H 
25-/4 
27U 
21*4 
29H 
27H 
93' } 
27” * 
13’ . 
3U 
78-4 
8- } 
JOH 
3-* 
6*4 
32’ } 
43-4 
29 
76' } 
41-} 
7* } 
13'} 
29H 
3 U 
6*8 
1o*4 
17 
U H 
68 
TOH 
34*4 
23U 
73’ } 

1o15 
2H 
8 2162 
13 
23o 
3 
27 
23o 
483 
66/ 
613 
62 
497 
Z5Ioo 
/SASO 

24” * 
I I H 
42*4 
15*4 
7oH 
34H 
88H 
9o’ } 
/5o 126'} 
535 
13*k 
■ 17-4 
VU 
12 
13*4 
73H 
18'4 

181 
5 4174 
244 
23 

24-, iv*-* 
C inB ell 
I 6o 9 
26 
23- } 
17 
CinnG E I 64 
15 2214 
Si 
43- } 
C-nGE p f 4 
/97o 
57-5 
SO CinG pf4 75 
/IO 57’ } 
9o-* 
76-4 CinG pf? 44 
/IOO 9o 
1o7-4 
98 CinG pf9 28 
/SO 1o6 
1o8 
99*4 CinG pf9 52 
/ 43oo 1o8 
35’ } 
18*4 C in M lld 1 4o 17 124 
34U 
37H 
27U C iH c o rp 9611x4229 327^ 
59’ . 
38H CitiesSv 2 8o 
8 1149 
59 
5 
1*4 C it/S R 
3oe 
U-4 
7 
C ity ln v s f 
66 
15 16 5 16 C ity ln v w t 
27*4 
15 
C ity ln pf I 31 
26” . 
16- } C -tyln pf BT l l * . 
IO 
Cityh p f I IO 
46- > 
25-* C la rk e I 6oa 13 
'S H 
9 C la rkO il 
5o 
9 
73” * 
47 Cl VCI iff I 
8oa 12 
34-. 
26- / C lv e ilH 2 56 l l 
88H 
77-4 Cl EMI pf / 4o 
VO’ / 
78 
Cl f i l l p f / 56 
178 112- } CtevEI pf 12 
U H l l - . Clevepk 
6o 
U H ICH C lorbkCo 52 
IO 1497 
H H 
7H Clue!Pea 
4o 6 1121 
13*8 
1o-4 C luettP p fl 
U H 
7*4 Coasts* Gas 
74” , 17H C a tso p f! 83 iv - . 
13*4 CstSG p fl 19 
9H 6 -} CocaBtl 
1oa 
13 3781 
95-4 
73-8 
Coca Col 2 65 17 1833 
1 /H 8 H ColdwBk 
5o 
8 
44 
14 
RH ColeNat 
6o 6 
84 
AH 7** Coleco md 
IS 737 
31-k 
73-8 ColgPai 
88 
‘ 
------ 
S i-/ 46-k CotflP PIS 5o 
15-b 
V’ * 
CoMinAik 64 J 
RH 
4 -# C ollinF 
o V 
6 
34-a 
18 Col Penn 
7o 1o 
25 
IV ', Colonist I 45 
7 
56' * 28- ; C ottlnd 
2 5o 
7 
2 9 '. 
18-4 Colt pf I «) 
*9-4 47- , Coft pf 
4 25 
3o” } 22 . Col Gas 
2 14 
9 
67 
56'» ColGs pts 62 
61 S4H Col GS PIS 48 
7H 
4- 1 Colum 
Piet 
28 H TI - } Col SOO 
2 2o 
112 
ICI CoSO pf IO 52 
23 16 
9 |6 C o lw e l M fg 
22 
12*» Combo Com IO 1o55 
SO'} 
32U Com bEno 
2 11 
798 
45 
3o Cm E P II TO 
24** 
13 Com bEq tor 13 
32*. 
26’ . O -rn w t 2 4o 
IO 
1o*4 BH C om E dA w t 
ICH 
SH Com Ed B w t 
27*. 17*} Com E pf 1 42 
73' } 
2o-4 ComE o ft 9o 
24-H 21',« Corn WE pf 2 
28 
25*8 
ComE pf2 37 
32H 29-4 Com E pf7 87 io u } bv c o m e p ie 4o 
I I H 
6H Com WO 
77-4 
I6H C om o p fl 72 
3 3 '; 
21H Comsat 
I 
38-4 
ISH Compgr 
2o 
8 
4 Com pot Sci 
13’ , 
8-2 
ConAar 
75 
75U I9 H C oneM ills 
I 
IV '* 
12 Congo! rn 
SO 
2o-. 13-} ConnM 
16o 
76U 
19>* 
Coorie 
SOB 
71 
IS ConEd 
I 6o 
/ I - . 
5 5 '} C one d p ! 6 
51’ / 
39’ } CnE PfC4 AS 
55 
44 C o ne d p f 5 
77-4 
19-8 ConFds 14o 
69’ } 56- / OonF pf 45o 
18’ / C o n f ro t 
.8o 

2 
41 
3*4 
4 
7” * 
18 
U H 
IU 
24 
38 
JOU 
16 
8 
53” } 
I VU 
IU 
35 
3 
U -4 
68” ; 
5H 
23 H 
79” * 
34 
W U 
3o 
U 
17U 
32 
7-8 
SU 
IS H 
S5H 
16H 
48H 
S IH 
12 
16-4 
2o'a 
18 
51 
31 
28-e 
15 
27-4 
15-4 
U H 
24U 
25U 
2o-4 
28 ” a 
26 H 
92 
26*4 
12-4 
3- a 
26U 
8-4 
28H 
2H 
6-4 
31-4 
39*. 
27*4 
24H 
4o-8 
6 H 
12U 
26H 
3 
5' / io n 
IS H 
14-b 
67 
W H 
33 
23' } 
22U 

3 H * I ' } 
42*8 k 1H 
3H 
4 
— 
U 
6 
— 
8 
18-4— 
H 
14-4+ 
-8 
1*4+ 
'4 
24H + 
H 
39H+ U/4 
31 
........ 
16*4+ 
*4 
8 '} + 
H 
56*8* 2H 
22*4+ 2*. 
I H + 
-a 
3 5 H + 
H 
3-a— 
'n 
15H + I 
6 9 -}+ 
I . 
5H + 
'a 
24*8+ 
-4 
3o-} + 
*. 
35 ” i+ 2 -t 
2o 
+ 
H 
3o 
U H 
19*4 + 1-i 
35-4 + 3 -. 
7' } *• 
H 

IS’ a— 
H 
58 
+ 7' a 
17-4+ 
’ } 
4 9 '.+ 
' t 
52 
U H + 
'« 
.16 H + 
H 
7o*4+ 
H 
ISH 
52 
+ I 
31 
........ 
28 H + 
H 
IS H + 
'n 
28’ 4+ 
-a 
16-/}+ I 
14 H + 
H 
2 5 - tf 
’ 4 
2 7H + 
U 
2i h + 
'n 
28’ a— 
-J 
27H + U * 
92 
+ I 
2 7 '}+ I ” } 
U H - 
'* 
3 U + 
H 
2 8**+ IU 
8 H + 
'n 
3 o H + I ” * 
3'n + 
” } 
6H 
31+4* 
*4 
42” * + 2*8 
29 
+ V a 
25 
+ 
’ } 
41 >/*+ 
*4 
7” }+ I 
13” } + 
' } 
79-*+ Un 
3 '« — 
H 
6 
+ 
' } 
1o*4 + 
17 
+ 
14”* + 
68 
+ 2*4 
TOU + 
H 
34*4 + 2 
23*4+ 
'* 
22’ n - 
- 4 
49*4+ 
*4 
57” } + I 
88'/4— 1*4 
1o4 
— I <4 
1o6” } 1o6’ V— 
' } 
33V} 
34H + IU 
3 2 H + I U 
5 9 '}+ 2 '; u n + 
'n 
13-4+ 
H 

IU 

57” } 
88*4 
1o6 

JOH 
57H 
I U 
U '} 
U 5 14 5 16 
26’ } 
26U + 

IS 33o2 zU7o 
7 115o 
162 
934 
196 
554 v> 
28 
9 U79 
24 
14 
3 7753 
8 
359 
. 
/ISO IU 
3o7 
I ’ 
22 

24” } 
U U 
37H 
13' } 
68-4 
32U 
85*4 
88 
UA 
12’ A 
I I H 
9 l l ' } 
U H 
27-} 
17-4 
7- } 
77*4 
15 
11*4 
5 
26 H 
48' } 
IT -1 
7’ . 
27 

79- , 
15*4 
U t 
S '. 
27*. 
48*. 
13 4 
«' 8 
29U 
23-a. 27U 
54*. 
48*. 
79 
75-y 
JOU 
62 
61 
7*4 
27 *4 

3 
775 
995 
36 
3 
3o 
54 
75 
4o 
1o4 
232 1o1 
2833 
114 
HOV 
5o5 
738 
137 

 r n 
235 
IQI 

5o’ / 
45 
74U 
31U 
1o+8 io u 
T IU 
73’ } 
74U 
28 
37*8 

5 3443 x4S 
/IOO x SO 
> HOS 
86 
57o 

8 -} 
19' 4 
32H 
33 H 
7-4 
13 
I i '} 
I5 U 
2o-4 
I t 
21 
73*4 
SOU 
55 
27-4 
6 9 ', 

24’ / ConNCis J so IO 
571 
36' I 
1o8-4 CnG pf 1o 96 
/525o H 7 -, 
19 
Conv/P ow 2 
J W15 
22*4 
37 
Cn Pw pf 4 16 
/SIO 
46 
*o 
CnPw pf4 SO 
/UTO 
49 
63’ , CnPw p f/ 45 
14o 
79 
66’ , CnPw p f/ 72 
152 
87’ J 
66 
CnPw pf I 76 
411 
82 t i ' i CnPw pf / 68 
/ITO 
82 
25 
CnPw pt2 43 
8o 
24’ / 
ACU CnPw pfS SO 
4 
73 
75-, ConPow pf 6 
12 
9o 
5-4 C ontA ir Cm 
U HOV 
7 
4 '* Coot Cop 
SO 
3o4 
5-J 
U U C loop PH TS 
/SOO 
17- j 
41U Conf (CP J SO 19 
842 
4SU CUC p f A2 SC 
I 
26** C nttO rp 
7 
9 
9o8 
33H 
3SH Con 11 Cd 2 4o 
8x955 
SS’ a 
«H Conf III* I 28 
8x329 
H H 
1-4 Confit R lfy 
386 
J'} 
33 
Cont Oil I » 
9 4154 
J IH 
IJ H ConlTel I o8 12 163o 
U H 
U H Control Oaf 
IO 17*1 
26U 
4o-4 CnOf pf4 SO 
1o6 
47 
26-4 G in wa 
I 2o 
8 l l 
35-4 
2’ / Cook Un 
IO* 5 
389 
4 -} 
29 
Coop4+ In 
84 l l 
832 47*4 
4-8 Cooper 
Lab 2o 
16921 
U U 
V a CoopTR 
TO J 
199 
15H 
17 
C o pt pf I 25 
I* 
IAH 
IOU co pe ind 
68 IO 
3o4 
19' 

26 
/ o -4 
78-4 
6o-4 
59 
6*8 
TAU 
IU 
I U 
19” t 
48 
4 l-n 
22” ! 
JOH 
IO 
IO 
T IU 
23 
24-4 
27U 
32-4 
1oo-4 
7H 
18 4 
J U n 
31 
AH 
U H 
22-t 
14 
19-8 
25-4 
W U 
7o 
5o’ > 
53 
25*4 
6 / H 
25-4 
35 

24H + l l ” } ........ 
4 7H + 4’n 
15U+ IU 
7o+4 + 2 
3 4 U + u n 
85*4 
1-n 
89’ } + I 
126”}+ I - , 
U U - 
”a 
U -4 + 
-4 
9-4 4' 
-8 
U U 
U U * 
-4 
7 3 U * 
H 
18-4+ 
'} 
8 U + 
” 4 
79 
♦ I - , 
15-* 
1U *“ 
-4 
5-4 
27-}+ I 
48-} + 
- * 
13 
7>4~ 
'4 
29 
+ 
TTH + 
5 4 -}* 
29 
+ 
7 5 '} + 
3oU+ 
62 
+ 
Al 
+ 
7+4 4 
27 
+ 
IIT 
1’H + 
’ * 
2 1 '}+ iv * 
SOU + 7-4 
4 5 + 3 
24 
+ IU 
31H + 
+4 io u 
. 
IOU— 
'n 
21'-}— v* 
23-4 
2 4 '}+ 
28 
+ 
*8 
32U + 
'n 
1o1 
+ 
' / 
8 
I S * . - 
JA 
31 ’n + 
J2U + 
7 
. . . . . . 
U U - 
U 
25-} + 2*. i4 H 
19’ 4 + 
- * 
25*4 + 
*4 
TI 
+ I 
7 7 '*+ J U 
SO' }— u 
5 J U + I '* 
26U + 
H 
69’ }+ TU 
24 

I ' } 

3 4 '}+ I- 
114*4 IU - } ■ 
22-4 
22U * 

47' , 
74-4 
79'a 
79 U 
81 
26 
71*4 
89 
6*4 
5 '* 
12 

33 
57 
16' • 
I 
37 u 
17 
25-t 
44 as 
4-4 
39-4 
9 U 
U U 
14- / 
U U 

44 
49 
. 
77 
- 
8o 
* 
SU* * 
82 
. 
74** + 
72 
89 + - 
4 '+ - 
5-1 + i i 
- 
54H + 
AO } + 
J J U * s i 
+ 
14’ » + 
2-4 + 
37 
U U + 
ISH . 
44 
3 5 -i* 

A h ' 
15U + 
IAU ♦ 
MV 

Yearly 
High Low 
26-> 
23 
27’ 4 
3o-} 
89-/ 
12 
19’ , 
14*4 
SU 
46U 
/ 4o” ; 
72H 
H U 
78 U 
18-} 
12oU 
44+. 
28-n 
3o 
IAH 
59+4 
. 2o” * 
ISH 
5-4 
IS1 } 
3’n 
1o-4 
74 U 
8’ b 
31H 
41- ; 
5o” } 
15 
37 
48” ? 
16-4 
6-4 

Sale* 

IOU 
18 ’n 
37*e 

. . 
Dq 4 4>*2 to 
24-8 DugL pf? 31 
26U Duqt. pf 2 75 
,v 
78 
Ouqn pf 7 2o 
/J34o 
7-4 D ym oln 
*A 
7 
245 
13” } EGBG 
.18 14 
1o 
E LT 
U 13 
2H E M I L f 
We 
12 
21'n ESyst 
I 6ob IO 
25' ; E a g le P 
I 16 9 
16H EascoCp 
75 
J 
,u 
4-n E a stA ir u n 64 2291 
22- « East Os F 8o 
9 ‘ 
U H E asfU tl I 5o 
8 
,ot 
81’ } EasKd I 6oa 72 537o 
7 9 '} Eaton 
2 IO 
21 
E chlin 
48 15 
21H E c krd Jk 
48 16 
12'} E ckrdN C 24 IO 
45- ; E disB ro 2 2o 
9 
9*4 E dw rds 
5o 
H H El Paso 
I IO 
2 
E lect Assoc 
U U EDS 
6o U 
U n El Mem M g 
5 
E IM M p flk 
IS H E iginN at 
I IO 
4 ’ * E lix ir Ind 
8 
24- ? E ltra C p 1.16 
33- ; E m crE I 
I 
31*4 E m ery 
I 2o TO 
8+4 E m ery In 
44 11 
26-4 E m h art 1 8o 
7 
34- } E m h art pf 
13-; E m pD E I 36 l l 
4' } Em 4 7pt 47 
5 
E m o Sot 
5o 
VU Em pD-s pf 92 
11 
Em pG as 
2o 
22U E nglhdM I 2o 
5*4 EnnisB 
32 

/AY) 
IS H 
/T ire t i ' } 
127+o 
3o” ? 
/JIAO 
89 V 
T 
245 
ICH 
« 
418 
U H 
3 
52 
13 
I 
323 
J U 
) 
221 
AAH 
> 
52 
39+8 
) r n 
22’ * 
I 2291 
SH 
> 1942 
27+4 
) 
16? 
18’ 4 
! 537o 
87+8 
3 
462 
44H i 
479 
2 8 's i 1169 
79'. 
) 
294 
IAH 
T 
43 
59+4 t 
IU 
15'. 
’ 7o84 
15” . 
345 
2U 
’ 
382 
18”. 
I 
597 
3+. 
35 
IO 
I 
493 
24 H 
I 
291 
8 
' 
778 
3o ” 8 
' 1926 
35 V 
I 
3o4 
37V 
I 
87 
12 
’ 
4.13 
36U 
IV 
48 } 
49 
16V 
/ l l 5o 
AU 
/SAO 
6 
/5So IO” , 
8«'65 
18U 
8 863 
33+4 
5 
142 
6-4 

25 
76-* 
3o 
86 
9’ , 
IAH 
12- , 
JU 
43-} 
38 U 
21’ } 
SH 
26-4 
U U 
84 
43-4 
27U 
27” * 
IS” * 
5 7 '} 
U U 
U H 
2*4 
16-4 
3” } 
9*4 
WH 
7*4 
3o 
33*4 
36 
U U 
35U 
48 
16 
5+4 
5 '} 
IOU 
U H 
32U 
- - ............ 
. . „ . . . 
SH 
3o 
21U Enserch 1.72 IO 1231 
3o 
29 
112” ; IQS-; Ens pf IO 3? 
-------- *V 
3o 
37’ * 
79'} 
U H 
37-a 
V i i 
SU 
IO 
49-4 
63 H 
13+4 
U-4 
27 H 
21H 
SAH 
77-4 
39*4 
9- } 
U H 
9H 
55-4 
11*4 
17 
19- } 
9H 
IJ H 
9 ’n 
31-4 
25 
• U H 
2o 
24’ , 
2+’n 
U H 
6o 
36 
U-4 
6*8 
32H 
22H 
11-8 
19-4 
2 o '} 
26 
IS H 
73*4 
37-4 
46' } 
15-b 
3o 
24*4 
U H 
4- 8 
12'} 
7*8 
23 H 
33’ t 
13 
17'} 
2o-b 
18'# 
13’ ; 
73-4 
65- } 
JO } 
77U 
71-8 
28H 
32’ ? 
2 9'. 
45-; 
1o9 
A-} 
16 
A IU 
18- } 
79’ n 
15*4 
4o-4 
41H 
5o*4 
35'4 
31-} 
17H 
29 
U H 

17*8 
22H 
34 >4 
45 
ZU 
8 . 
/ ' } 
79'} 
32-4 
32-4 
41 
14 
31 
16H 
U H 
VV* 
26 
19-4 
15*4 
17 
64 , 
12'4 
U H 
26** 
AU 
65 
58-4 
55*8 
34*. 
J IH 
H H 
JOH 
32 
71 
35 H 
J8 H 
54- , 

21*. Entex 
1 7o IO 
U H E nvrtec ,2oe ll 
21’ a E qu ifa x 
2a IO 
9-4 E d u im rk 
88 
7 
29- 7 E quitG s 2 84 
7 
U H E q u tL f 2 29e 13 
3o-4 E sm a rk I 76 
8 
4 -, E squire 
IAI 21 
SH E ste rline 
36 
8 
TV' } E thyl 
I ac 
6 
39-4 E thyl p f2 no 

713 
236 
*2 
189 
42 
363 
11o5 
271 
189 
372 
15 
E vansPd 
4o 
9 1328 
5 
„ 
14 
Evan p tl 4owi 
14’ s E x c e lO 1.25 is 
E xclsr I /6e 
98 
47-4 Exxon 
I 4o' 
9 625o 
W -, FM C 
I 12 USS 
31-4 FMC pf 2 25 
4 4 
5 '} Fabrge 
4o 
9 
57o 
A -, F a b rfc ir 
12 
7 
VO 
5 
Facet E n trp 13 
19o 
36*8 FairC am 
8o 77 I *o7 
6’ * F a irln d 
3o IO 
336 
IO *. F a irm tF 
68 
8 
17'} F a irm tp f 
I 
S U FarW st Fnl 
8 
5 
Farad M fg 
4 ru d d e rs CP 
75 
77’ ; FedrlCo I AO 
5 
12*8 FdM ogl I 2o.1 
U -4 Fed NM ! 
88 
16’ , FedPaBd 
9o 
24’ . f Pap p fl IS 
16-} F Pap pf I 2o 
IOU FSignl 
6oa 

JO 
34H 
29- / 
U U 
37-8 
26’ , 
35*. 
BU 
8’ , 
43 
54- , 
13*8 

I 46 
14 1239 
1 25 
7 388 
427 
6 
169 
8 
55 
6 159 
5 
259 
. . . 
5 
BS 
SO 
6 75o 
1.1o 14x2o57 24 . 
8ot 
7 1597 
17-8 

129414-. 
578 
25*4 
21'n 
53+4 
24- ? 
38- , 
9 U 
VU 
6 H 
42U 
9+4 
14 
15 
9*8 
6 
7 U 
74 ” 8 
2 4', 
U U 
18 ’n 
24'n 
24 
17 *k 
49- , 
31 
1o*4 
6H 
32+4 
W U 
9’ } 
18’ , 
18U 

2o4 
13 
162 
I US 
13o6 
2oo 
7 267 
7 7o12 
5x22o 
75o 
W 
125 
.’ Sippi 
42 
FedDSt 
21 *4 F erro 
8 't F ibrebd Cp 
3” n F id F in 
TOT­ 
TA 
Fidel Un 2,4o 
15 
F io ld c rM il la 
7 
F iltro l Cp 
9*8 FinSanB 
48 
9- ; FinlFed 
21-4 Firestn 
12*4 Fst Char 
16- } FstChic 
96 9 
8o1 22'8 
32 
FtB nTex 
I l l 
975 37-4 
36-8 F stln B n I 
2o 12 
488 43- , 
8 ” ? F s tM is s 3611x2931 IS H 
22s* F s tN Bo I 
88 9 398 79U 
2o*s Psf NSI Bn 
2 9 
52 24*. 
U 
F it Pa 
I 
32 5o 8o9 IA U 
I- ? FstPa M fg 
445 
7-4 
V U F it Un RI 
I U 
37 U -4 
4 H F st Va Bk 
45 12 
251 
TU 
U H f WlsCp I 
76 8 
1o3 22U 
73-8 FiSchM I 
IO 9 
149 3o-4 
8*4 Fish Fds 
4o 6 
263 H U 
9-8 f isnrS-.i 
78 6 
WI U H 
14 
F leefE nt 
4o 16 695 W H 
13- 4 F iem m g 
BO 8 
358 16 -» 
8-4 F lexiV an 
2o 17 11A2 IU # 
16 
F lin tk o i I 
16 l l 
372 2 2'. 
SO*. Flirt p f A4 SO 
I too 65., 
25 r im pf BT 25 
14 3o-4 
IA U FlaF 
Coast 
16 
67 27U 
U U FlaG as 
I 8 649 71-a 
2o-4 f la P w L I 
56 IO 1343 28' a 
25-8 f laP ow I 
28 IO 
V I! 12+n 
FlaS tl 
12 o l l 
7o 2o*8 
I 1ox1271 38 
3o f luorCp 
72*4 F lu o rp t» 
3 
4'a FOF a ir 
2o ll 
IO' . FooteC t) 
I 
8 
43H FordM 3 2o 
13-; For Mc K 
\ 
I V a FM X pf I so 
13*8 FtD ear 
I 24 
28H FtH ow P 
64 12x 4/3 
21” , FosWh I 1oa 
8 1o88 
27+} Foxboro 
I l l 
Al 
23-4 F rn k ln M .7o l l 
727 
2V I f reepM IM ) l l 
77* 
7-4 F rig trn c 
IOO 2513o6 
18 *. Fru e hf 
I 8o 
7x512 
4 ', F u qu a lnd 
o8e 
91o 

G — l l — I 
1o*. GAF Cp 
6o 
ISH GA Fpf 
12o 
25- 8 GAT * 
I RO 13 
36+b G ATY pU.SO 
‘ 
1 
76 
32 77 

657 
8 
67 
6 44/8 
7 
617 
51 
177 

8 m o 
133 
589 

I 19 

28 
IO 

 lh 18 
SO U 

17' 
CoppRg 
3o1 
2o 
18’ * 
2o 
+ 
I U 
36+. Co PUW 2 4ob 
I 
IM 
4$+. 
43' 1 
ASH + 
7 '. 
V ; Cordura Cp IO, 
7473 SH J”* 
J V + 
U 
43 H c o rn o I 57a 
14 
453 
T2+. 
TOH 
7 1 ', . 
IU 
V , 
Cousins M fg 
C ow l** 
56 
564 
I 
IV 
2 
♦ 
+8 
AH 
IS ire 
U H w u 
♦ I ’ 1 + 
' 8 
V ' 1 Co* B o d 
55 l l 
147 
JJU 
J IH 
J J U . 
I 
9 '* C raig 
3o 
4 
59o 
ISH 
U V 
15 t . 
IU 
TS* 
Cr ane 
I 2o 
337 
TOU 
77 H 
29 
+ 
IH 
IU 
C red 'IF 
24 l l 
ATI 
AU 
SH 
AU + 
H 
JJU CreckN t AA 
9 
AU 
TDH 
77 H 
J I 
_ 
+4 
35 V 
Crock N p f) 
94 
46 I 
45 
U 1 ) 
46 » + 
V ) rev tro m p K 
8o 
8 
74 
14 u v - 
+, 
I I H 
CrOuH' 
I w 
35 
SOH 
JO1* re u + 
+8 
S t'. 
Crow. P IU S 
I 
IO' ; 
29’ , 
*o 1 
IAU 
Clow n Cork 
8 IO* I 
J U * 
7 o '. 
J IH * 
IM 
35+t C rw /w 
1 to t i 
*1o 
4 5'* 
44 8 
AS 
+ 

U H 
C m l pf 4 2o 
/JIO 
A IV 
61 
A I V . 
I 4 tu to rs 
I 32 
7 no 
T V , 
3o+8 
2 V . . 
H 
7H Culhgan 
44 IO 
4o7 io n 
AU io n * 
1 
19+8 Com m tu g I IO 
11151 4 4'. 
131” ) 
4 5 '. 
4 t , + 
3+8 
79 
Cum pl 7 SO 
CunnDrg 
25 
IS IK 
WA 
131 
+ A 
6' 1 
8 
54 
I t z n 
I 8 + 
' * l l 
C o rr Inc I Ok 
1o4 n u n 
I I H * 
1 8 
IO 
C urtis Mr to 
IO 
SJT n u 
12 
I ZU + 
' 8 
2 2'. C u d i i Air A 2 
4 lr l l 
22 
76+* CuherH I BO 
9 
24o 
K H 
J IH 
3 6 '* - 
I, 
U H Cyclops I 2oa 
2o2 
U 
22 
2JU + 2'8 
I 
21V C yprus I to 
2i" 
424 
IS '* 
J IH 
25 
+ 

GCA Corp 
4- } GF Busn 
4* b G able ind 
21 H G am Sk 
I 4o 
19+4 G am s p tl so 
TO'. G am s p tl 75 
32-4 G annett 
I 
6- } G apStrs ,15e 
9 
16+4 G ardDen .76 17 
13+8 G arfm k I o4 
7 
U H GasSvc 
I 2o l l 
4 H G atew ay In 
+ 
18 
G ea rh rt 
28 
9 H G em ini Cap 
U+4 Gem In I 2oa 
9’ # GA Inv I o6e 
35H Go A m o 
8 -e Cen Banc 
.. 
9'-} GnCabte .72 IO 
U 
G C 'n m a 68 9x28o 
3*4 Gen D eva'pi 
6 
361 
37-4 Gen D ynam 
6 1321 
46 
Gen El 
I SO 14 8421 
52'a GenCI w i 
.163 
26-4 GnFood I SO 
8 HUO 
IS H GnGth I Jap 19 
1/o 
SH Gen Most 
.4o 
221 
8-4 Gen Inst 
2?t IS 174o 
27*4 G ninstr pf3 l l 
IV , Gen M ed 
.JO IO 
193 
TSU G en M ills 
76 IS IJS? 
57 U On M ot 5 SSe 
8 9648 
49*. G M ot pf 3 75 x ii 
65 
G nM otS pf > x U 
5 
G enP ort inc 14 
58) 
15 -4 GPUCp I th IO 5183 
AH G enR efr 
4o 
7 
249 
34-4 GnSigoi I o4 14 
HO 
3-n Gen steel 
23U G TeiEI 
2 
31*4 G TIEI pt2 SO 
26' , G TIEI pf2 48' 
14 
O TT! pf I 25 
U-4 G T F I pf I 3o 
15 
< > T -re I 1ob 
4 H Geneseo inc ll* # G ens!ar I no 
33 *4 Genu Pts 
74 
3o 
Ga Pac if 
8o 
26-8 GaPw PU 52 
26 
GaPw pf 2 75 
69 
G aPw pf7 8o 
ABU GaPw p f/ 71 
19- , G erber 
I 3o 
. 
152 
G eftvO 2,Soa IS 
ISO 198 
16-4 G ettO p fl 2o 
JI 
17’ a 
SU G iant PC 
AO 
9 
157 
7 -t O t>r Fin 
6 1oo7 
SU G ddLew 
4o l l 
21o 
9 a G 'tldM .H 
64 
7 
2o4 

5 
724 
IO JJU 
25 
1o3 
. 
/ 39o 
. 
/IAG 
A 2o34 
8 1284 
5 
24 l f 
SU 
19 3267 
54 
1o2 
IJJ 
/73-JO 
8 
48 

92 
SU 
I5 U 
A IU 
IS H 
26' , 
IS -j 
36- } 
41 ’ a 
49- , 
29 
3o 
1 7 ', 
27 'a 
12 

U ’ i w u 
34*4 
46 
7’n 
S’ , 
5” a 
73-4 
72H 
24’ , 
41 
VU 
19-; 
15-4 n u 
AU 
23-} 
W-4 
15*4 
U U 
64- } 
I I H 
U U 
TAU 
SU 
53’ * 
55H 
55*8 
31 - 4 
2 2 '. 
U U 
TOU 
34-8 
U- , 
U+4 
TSU 
54 
74 
7-4 l f , 
8 
57H 
4 *t 
3 IU 
34 
29 
IJ H 
IS H 
TAH 
5+4 
23-> 
3 7 ', 
3SH 
77 U 
29U 
87 
85-4 
26 8 

77H 
J3U 
28 
11-8 
36 H 
25** 
32H 
7H 
8 
4o H 
S3’ , 
U H 
14 
24*. 
2o*8 
51*4 
23U 
35-4 
SH e n 
6 
39' , 
9-4 
12-8 
U U 
8-4 
5” , 
AU 
23 U 
23 
IAH 
18-4 
24-4 
2?U 
17 
+8-4 
3o 
1o-8 
A- a 
32 le u 
BU 
17'. 
18-a 
23 
16’ } 
2oH 
35H 
42 
U U 
28 
23*4 
16-8 
2- a 
U H 
7 l l -a 
29U 
U U n u 
18', 
ISH 
I V . 
J IH 
64-| 
29 
26-4 
W H 
7 /H 
31H 
IV*. 
3’ *8 
89U 
SU 
ISH 
6o 
15 
25*. 
ISH 
35 
36-4 
46'n 
28 
28-4 
16U 
26+4 
II H 

N e! la s t Chg 
IS 
+ 
+, 
2 6 '. - 
+, 
3o 
- 
V 
86’ J— i v 
IO 
+ 
H sr 
+ 
13 
+ 
+ ) 
3+ .+ 
H 
AAH + 3 
38 U ~ 
H 
21V 
SH— 
V 
26+.— 
'n 
18+. 
86 
+ 
Ta 
43U + 
H 
78 
+ 
1) 
78U + i 4 
16-8 + I 
59+4 + Ti 
U H ­ 
H 
U H 
TH + 
U 
18 
+ 
1+4 
J” ,— 
+8 
A U .. 
24"* . 
AU 
8 
+ 
1 ? 
3oM + 
H 
34 V + 
+9 
37H + 
H 
U H + 
M 
H H S 
'n 
4 8 '; + 
+4 
14+8- • 
”* 
5+4 
6 
+ 
H 
Io H + 
18M + 
+* 
33 V + 
IU 
AU + 
11 
7 9 '; + u 
112” ,+ 
I 
79U + 
I 
14+4 — 
'■* 
29 V + 
1 + 4 
12 '* . 
IU 
37'8 + 
H 
26H + 
*8 
35+.+ 
IM 
8 V + 
1 
BU 
+1 
+ 
2+. 
54’ } + I 
13-*+ 
-4 
14+4 
25*4+ I - . 
21+1 
53U + IU 
7 4 -}* 
Us 
3 8 + 3 
9-8 
9 H + 
’n 
6 U + 
H 
41 
V U * 
I3 U + I - . 
IS 
+ I* . 
9 '} + I - . 
5*4+ 
-4 
/ '} + 
U 
24’ ;+ 1-t 
24-4+ I 
17 
+ 
-8 
18H + 
'} 
24+4.......... 
2 3 '}+ I '. 
17+ ,* 
49 
+ 
U 
JI 
IO U * u 
AU f 
U 
32H + v, 
W U * 
U 
9 -,+ 
U 
18-8+ 
U 
18-a- 
+4 
23H + 
H 
17 
+ 
+4 
22H + IU 
37-8+ V , 
43U + 1-8 
15 
29*4 + 
24- } + 
IA H + 
2+4 + 
W U + 
/ H r 
22’ } + 
3o 
I I H * 
U H + 
19-4 + 
IA U * 
I U . * 
22 
65-8' 
32- ?* 
77'-}- 
2o/.+ 
77 U - 
32 
TOU 
18’ 4 - 
91- , « 
SH 
IS H * 
A l­ ts- , + 
26' a + 
15+4 - 
36U 
41*4+ 5'8 
49',}+ I 
28U + 
* 
2 9 - ,* 
* 
17'}+- 
’ 
2’ ** ’ I 
I I H — 
' 

2 
IU 
U 

TH 
1-4 
IUu 

6-4 

IU 

IU 

24H G ille tte 
I 5o 1o 2451 
7+4 Ginos Inc 
8 
85? 
6-4 GHasW tee 
1»o 
A J Globa! 
M ar 
14o9 
16-4 G vine Un 
I 
7 
442 l l 1; G o ld * ! Fin 
5 7J2 
IJ H G olOW pf 78 
TIS 
18 
Goonrh 
I l l 448 75J 
77 
Ode ch p f/ 85 
,5o 
IO' t («uodyr 
I IO U 18/5 
VU Go tJw iA 4o 6 
74 
22 
Goufd 
I IO 1257 
W-4 Gould p fl is 
24-4 Grace 
I TO 
74H G rainger 
J* 
12+8 Or and Un 
I 
12-4 O ra n ,H i 
9o 
13*4 G ray Dr g 
SO 
IO1} G tA tlP ac 
U H G fL k D I IOa 
„ 
H H G 'N o lr I son 15 l l ' ; G tNoNk I IO 
8 

9 i n ! 
U 
2o7 
6 
W 
5 
127 
5 
198 
27 3456 i 
38 
IOO 
265 
13*8 G tW nPin 
SO IO 1683 

1 
4+» CPF inc 
> 
AU Damon 
1 
7 
D e nR iy I 
/ 
I k ', Dana Cp 
92 
27 , D a rt md 8o»> 
, 
32-4 D a rtln d p t 
? 
> 
37>, Oat« Gem 
■ 
1o*» Dayco 
5ob ■ 
SO 
Dave nt 4 25 
/ ITO 
67*. 
1 
26-4 DaytnM ud I 
IO 
5o3 
38’ . 
U 
Da vt PL I 46 l l 
’ OS 
W U 
111', DPL pf U M 
/JSC ISI 
/ 
79 
Deere 
I 5o 
8 3o2o 
J IH 
I 
77-8 
Del Mon I 5o 7 Its ■ 
1 
12-4 D e imaP I JO v 
577 
1 
34- ; D ei'a An to lo TOU 
I 
JU b e lte r Intl s 
244 
1 
I - . Deltona Cep 
248 
1 
W f inn ms M fg ta 
8 1o4 
1 
I#1 a Dennys 
44 U 
358 
1 
77*} D e w ip i y so 14 
TO 
IS' > Deseret 
Mi JI 
1o4 
SU Desoto In 
4o 
Vs I;* 
> 
I i 
D e lfd s I 45 
IO 1 
, 
55 
De*E pf I M 
82-4 O e tf pf 9 J - 
. 
66 C e te pf I 48 
1 
64 DetE p l 7 S 
. 
64 p e t ! pi 7 34 
I 
24’ t b e te pf a 75 
. 
24*. peE pf82 75 
U H Dexter 
IG 
» 
4-a Pi Gto rg 
o5e 
1 
IOU p iQ io r pf 88 
• 
9 
D ial Fin! 
7o 
1 
J3H 
P -a m tn l 
2 
- 
H 
B ia m M I TV 
1 
J? 
D -a m m i 1o 
• 
24-, 
B t# pf O I JO 
I 
4’ a D-ckAB 
JO 
1-4 OiCtaphn 
64 
IO ', b .ebb'd 
44 
■ 
44" » D ig ita l Eg 
1 
7W D in in gm 
48 
. 
22H D idngm p l ] 
I 
, 
I 
I t ’* D*MOn I o8b 12 a 34 
41H Disney 
12b X 24o? 
. 
I 
D iver SIO 
In 
145 
■ it 14 D i’ *rsa M fg 
4o7 
. 
II 
O P e p p r 
44 
IS 13*4 
32' I Dom eM M i 
• 
2‘ . Don Lu J w k 
U U Connedy 48 
/ 
IJ H b o r OI. v 
Toe k 
A's b o rte y 
4o 
• 
13 ’* Dover Cp 9li 
» 
38 u D u * Ch 
I 
> 
24H Dow Jon I 16 
W H p - eve 
«i 
35-4 bressw 
8o 
• 
14 
Dr«> Bd 144 
1 
4 '. D reyfus 
SSe 
. I U ', On Porn s Me 
. 
44u d u Pm p t l 5o 
. 
59 do Pm pf 4 5o t 
H H OukeP 
I 4o 
76 
K k i Pf * 75 
48 
Duke pf 
“ 
97H» 7 f , 

1 4 ', O 'Wes* LTnit 
4 
1o8 
U * t G’ Wn pf I M 
88 
15-4 G rG -ent I o>- 22 
297 
23 H Or Of pf I 74 
IO 
13 
G reyh 
I o4a a 1424 
I U G reyhnd w t 
994 
IU G rof-er inc 
8o7 
14 
G rum m rn 
* 
331 
9*6 G uarqm 
Jo 8 
1o7 
I 
G uard M fg 
195 
W U G uffW i»n 4o 
4 3854 
2 -. G it W ind w t 
. 
25*5 
67 
G ltW p ts 75 
I 
74 
G ltW pf J 8/ 
'34 
G it A p l! JC 
7-1 G U L tH ld 
6o 
I ’ . G ut-M tg Rd 
2o -a Oui fO - 
I BU 
U H G uM R eirc 
I 
18-4 GUR PIA 
2o 
<8 
G IP p ra t A 
!9»* OHR PIC I an 
I U . G u ff u t I 12 
4* j G ifS u p i4 rn 
*9 
GlfSU p i4 57 
G lfSU pf 5 o8 
Gutfon Ind 
. 
WMW Ind 
27-a Mack W 
U U 
I 
X 
H H Ma!IF B 
66 13 
317 
IJ H H a dP rt 
Soa 
I 
35 f l u M p illb rfn 
54a 13 >o71 
16-4 M fp nrlP I JO 
I 
SSO 
J U Ham m ond 
ISH Hen J Sec 
W U M a n jtn y __ 
J U Mendtmn 
2o l l 
W H M endyM er IO 

1o . 
1o*t 
9 
IS 

3 * 
U H 
8*8 
25-4 
I I H 
H H 
27 U 
86 
I V * 
U H 
JI 
JOU 
29- 1 
3 o '. lf - 1 
H U 
U H 
W H 

S ’ l 
IJ H 
23 , 
TOH 
I I H 
11 1 
24 
H U 
2 
I ' I 
IS 
U H 
I- , l l ”, 
JU 
/T H 
. 
M > 
22o 
4o- , 
• x 7?J r n , 
152 
J U 
I S ift 
29 
7x9,4 
12 
21 
JA 
I S9 n u 
9 H I * 
U H 
I K O 
SI 
/TAO 
56 
1*41) 
I 717 
*5 l l 
554 s h 

I 
♦ 
157 
I 4/e 
7oS 
I Me 
IOO 
JO l l 
519 i i . " 
: • :* n * " v r n « r IO 7 
*5 
/o h re 
TOU* 
+» 
2 » u ’ 2W“ » 
24‘ > • I tS .; l f ? 
! 
*4 , 
SOH 
54 
+ ) U 

35 . 
J IH 
K H 

7+1 
U M 
22- , 
4*8 
JOU 

U+4 
18 
3 2 '} 
44 
7+4 
5 
5 
J IH 
22 H 
74-4 
3 9 '} 
9 
H H 
IS n u 
6 
21' a 
I I H 
15+8 l l - . 
4oU l l 
U H 
?4H 
SU 
SOH 
}? *. 
52+4 
29 U 
2 IH l l - , 
W H 
35H 
17 
32H 
TAU 
52 
72 
AH l l ' } 
7U 
51U 
A 
JOH 
33 
28 H 
15 
IS H 
I i i 
I+ • 
22-8 
3 4 '. 
37H 
27 
28 U 
15 
8} 
25 
WA 
U H 
SH 
VU 
SH 
U H 
JAH 
VU 
VU 
7-8 l l ' } 
18-8 
W k 
JA*. 
8* 
T i t 
U H 
W H 
3o 
77’ a 

S S 
W H 
16',. 
IJ H 
JJU 
I9H 
JJU 
22H 
WH 
I I H 
U H 
74 Vt 
IS 
IU 
I ' . 
U H 
IAH 
I v« 
U H 
J '. 
/T H 
M U 
JI a 
IOU 
1H 

 r 
J I- , io u 
71 l l -1 
54a 
A l', 
4H 
JU 
J4H 
JOH 
I I H 
64H 
H u 
TH 
U H 
T IU 
4H 
2o 

U U * 1-4 
W U + IU 
34 
♦ I Vt 
45 
+ I 
7 H + 
- , 
S U * 
*8 
5” i + 
’ a 
23 
22H 
24>« 
4 o U * I 
V U * 
’ / 
18U + 
- i 
IS H * 
U H + 
V. 
AU ♦ 
*1 
2 3 U r IU 
W a + I 
IS H . 
U 
U H - 
- I 
A IU — 3 l l - . - 
-} 
I I H + 
-a 
TAH - 
I H 
5H • 
H 
53H+ TH 
ASH + TH 
55+8 » 2*. 
3o a - I 
2 7 '. . 
-« 
17’ .+ 
H 
TO U . 
H 
35 H - 
H 
I ? ', 
34*8 
78- ; 
STH 
72 
7',. 

IU 
I* , 

 l f . 
7U + 
STH + 
A-. - 
31H + 
33H F 
28H + 
IS H f 
IJ H * 
24 
♦ 
S H * 
T IU + 
3 7 -,+ 
J IH + 
7 7 ',+ 
TSH + 
BA 4 + 
84+4 + 
2$ '. 
WAH - w e ­ 

 f t : : 
SH + 
U U 

9’ 8 u h 
I 
< 
TS1. » 
H H . 
I I H . 
7 4 V 
Of 
+ 
23*. + 
IJ H . 
JO — 
IO U * 
29-/. * 
3o 
+ 
IA H - 
U H ♦ 
U H . 
W H » 
2 3 '. . 
JO H* tJ U — 
2 3 ',* 
2o 
— 
IIH l l ' } * 
J A V ­ 
IS 
- 
7 
+ 
I'» + u h . 
IAH 
1H« l l ' a + 
J U - 
U H * 

2U 

!H 

IU 

4 o'. » l l a . 
J '. . 
J IH * 
1/ 
+ 
73 
♦ 
21 
. n 
* 
H i * 
SO 
* 
SS-; . 
41- e ■ a H + 
3H • 

JOH ♦ 
ASH * 
. 
I i H + 2H 
TH 
U U * 
M» 
TTH * 
H 
4H * 
' . 
J O H . 
H 

 iv 

H 
H 
IV 
H 

2 ]H Mer Br J H F 
AH Mar dee# 
H H Harm an 
H 
M a rn iih t 
5ob 4 
OO 
7 
. 
------- 
.joe a 
31H H e rr Bk I SO 
JAH Mer ria 
I I H Mar XCO I aob 
I U M en S M . 
7i 
9 
U H M arte n k ap i j 
IS H HattSe 1 aka 75 
3o 
FmwiiEl I M 9 
U U Hayes A lb lb 
4 
I U Hazel dne 
4 
4 H Hecks 
I? 
9 
ICH H e c e V tot 
Madre Br 
4oa 

25' ; H e in / p fl 7o 
5 
M e ter* Curt 
IO’ ; Metier int y j l l 
M iler pre o7 
IO U M Mf mer P 4o l-a N .m iip Cep 
# H Herr. Im aa» 
.4 
M etcuirk 

/VS 
678 l i t 
734 
. 
1o4 

I i 1 W 
4 
SVS 
KI 
195 
327 
SM 
--------- 197 
M +in/M J 
I o4 IO 4/4 
IJJ ll? 

.< 
91 l f 
I 14 2373 

 l l 

 pf A 75 
IO 
*2- / 
‘i 
'Sh pf 7 ac t i m f i n 

34o1 
■ 94 

Jg8V /p i 1' * 7 
* /JOO 

I . M e rw y F I l l 7 
447 
7 V M e iito n 
B M 
15-j H eifn pf I 
I i H Meobdn I 
SO 
M ew flpk 
4 ; HghV olt u 1 M illen bd 
.J S M 
IS 
H ilton FHI 
.92 I* 
W H H obart 
*2 
U V HoernW 
9o 
S H H off E ft .|B |1 
I to n H oliday 
4o l l TOU 

JJU 
9V 

H H i f > 
JOH 
TSH 
U H 
JOH 
W a 
24 . 
17 
9 H 
» U l l ‘ a 
W t 
M U 
29-} 
AH 
2JH 
9A a 
45-8 a 
I U 
TOH 
JI I 
A V 
U V 

M tidyA I 7o9 

• J j i a t a i 
■OSe 19 l i t 
4 , 
78 9 
124 
}? 4* 
JJU 
24 V 
JJU 
7 H 
U H 
J J l 

J IH 
9 
J IH 
ISH 
1| V 
V 
JOH 
JAH 
12 

?7U 
23V]k 

IOU 

3 v 
28 , 
SH 
T I-. 

IH 
7H 
26 . 
JOU 
♦VB 
U U 
4 IH 
SJV 
SH 
2o , 
J2H 
14V 
J IH 

U U * 
9’ , + 
J J U — l i 
+ 
11+8 + 

W H . 
U H * 
28+*-* l l 
+ 
74 V + 
U a 
9U 
9 a 
I l i f f 
♦a v * 
M V * 
79 » + 
4 
W H * 
94-a + 
44H - 

IU 

Iv* 
9 V - 
H 
U H ♦ 
V 
41V t 
V 
87V, * i v 
4 
21Va+ 
H 
2 J H + 
H 
24 V + 
V. 
M H + 
AH 
7 
+ 
IJ H 
I I H * jJh j5 h ~ 

S T R I C T L Y B U S I N E S S 
M c R s a t t e r s 

 a Y early 
H igh Lew 
46*. ' 26 
44-8 
56-8 
24' ? 
J U 
IS H 
28-} 
16 
17*. 
77 
IAU 
13+8 
22-« 
ABU 

S ales 
N et 
P E 
(bdsJ 
High GSW las! Chg 
„ 
H ollyS 
2 4o 
3 
25o JOH 29U " 3 o *.+~ ’ . 
24H Hom esfk la 
19 
678 37-} 36 
37 
* 
- , 
32H H onyw ll 16o IO 2242 
48H 
.A H 
4 8 -,* 2 
ISH HoovBB I 12 
7 
59 
73 U 
23-8 
23** 
H 
1-8 Hor 1/on Cp 
72o 2 
1H 
2 
+ 
U 
U H MospAtf 
32 
7 
125 IS I. U H 
I S H - 
H 
TO’ . MospCpA 
4o 1ox617 
26’ } 25H 26 
*■ 
M ostlntl 
4o 
SSI 499 I I H IO '} 
H H . 
I 

4o 
32-. 
JAH 
U H 
IAU 
TTH 
27 
8’ i 
57’ , 
U H 
15-. 
25 U 
U U 
15 
22 U 
44 
IOO 
5*8 
47’ } 
W U 
BO-. 
13-4 
35 
21 
JO’ . 
JJU 
97- ; 
9+8 
28 
TA1 } l l i i 
48 
5 4'. 
3o 
18U 
37 
7*8 
IO 
8o’ I 
98 
US' 
L 
9 
25- 
9 4 '. 
U H 
H U 
95- ; 
57' I 
34 
58U 
H H 
!4’ b 
18- , 
31-4 
2H 
9H 
48'* 
BH 
42” ? 
288' } 
TSU 
33 
47-4 
U U 
19-, ry i. 
8 
34-. 
94- ; 
63-4 
59' } 
58-4 
63 
41 t i ' , 
JOU 
81- > 
J IH n u 
17-8 
76H 
7 
25-4 
U U 
TOU 
78-4 
26 
T IU 
6 
18*8 
IS 

IOU Floudail 
9oa 
. 
23-/ Houdpf 
I i i 
A l l - } H ougM if 
72 
8 
178 
7-4 MoosFab 
28 
8 
443 
ISH MoushF 
I 2o 
7x261 
35-; MouF pf 2 37 x4 
29+4 HOUF pf J SO 
«JI 
2oU MoukLP ITA 
8 2811 
25 
MousNG 
’o 12 1o18 
9H How John 37 IO 1862 l l 
M ubbrd I 2o l l 
224 
14 
M udfn A 
8o 63 
31 
H U Ffud&nB 
BO 64 
4 
4- > Hugh Hat UP 
A 
41 
34 
HughsTI 
SO 13 1931 
U H Hum ana 
4o IO 
459 
IO-. M unich 
34 IS 
838 
13+4 M uttnE F 
OO 
5 
459 
IOU H uyck 
AO 14 
344 
BH M ydrom f .52 
5 
2o6 
16' k I Clndt. 
I 4o 
7 
787 
33U IC Ind pf3 5o 
69 
75 
K in d s pf 6 
17 
3 
ICN P harm 
6 
672 
34” ? IN ACP 
2 IO IS 
739 
16*. I N A In 
I 59a 
162 
<o 
ITTS vc pf 4 
3 
9 H IU Intl 
9o l l 1o96 
26-4 I U ln f A 
17 
IS’ ; IU Int pf 125 
26 
IdahoP 
2 16 IO 
13-4 ideal Ba I 2o 
9 
58 
Ideal p f4 75 
6-b IdeaToy ,32b 
A 
22-} IllP c w r ? 3o l l 
22- 1 ll Pow pf? o4 
73 
11 Pow pf? 13 
46' } 11 POV/ pf 4 l l 
41 ll Pow pf 3 78 
SO 
IIPow pf4.47 
21 
ITW 
56 16 
155 
'O '. Im plC pA 
24 
A 1231 
25-8 (NCO 
I 4oa 14 U U 
AH Incm Cap R8e 
HO 
SU IncCCu 
8oe 
21 
66 
In d iM pf J Og 
,25ao 
76’ , Ind.M pf8 68 
1o2 
In d iM pf 
17 
A P - * 
I 9 U 
I 
35 
26 - 8 
25 - 4 
TAH * 
IU 
TO 
Indpl PL I 82 IO U67 
77 
InPL pt6 25 
5 
12’ , Ind lN a t I 2o 
8 
188 
AU inexco OII 
68U IngerR 2 68 u -4 IngR p t2 35 
24 m ind Con 
I 

6 
28o 
592 
3 
173 
979 
/16o 
/1o2o 
/HO 
/ACO 
/62oo 

/TOO 

•IS 1282 
13 UIS 
768 

71 
73-8 
IO’. 
JJH 
44' } 
1o3 
92 
89 
89- ? 
HO 
IU 
2 4 '. 
8-4 
35U 
96 / 
IIN 
7 7't 
19 
56 

41 
In ln d SII 2 4o l l 
7*. Inm ont 
6o 
6 
8-8 Insilco 
8oe 
8 
12 *4 in s il pf A 1 25 
2oU InsnCop 5oe 
I 
In s til InvTr 
7 
Inteqon 
36 
7 
38H Inte rco 
I 66 
9 
J U In te rc tl Dlv 
TSH In lw la k 2 2o 
5 
273H IB M 
9 W 
19 
In tF la v F .44 24 
72H In fH a rv I 85 
5 
32*. IntM tnC 2 4o 
6 
6 # IntM ng 
Ale 
A 
ISH Int M u lti 
85 
7 
57H IntP apor 
2 l l 
5*8 Int Reel it 
2o 
22-4 IntT T 
I 76 
9 
73 
IntT T p fF 4 
44 
IntTT ptH 4 
42’ , IntT T p f) 
4 
41'. IntT T p tk I 
4' 
In tT T ptO 5 
27’ 8 ITT otN I i i 
45 U ITT pf I 4 5o 
23- 4 In trp c r 
I 45 
7 
64 
Intrp ce pf 
5 
'6-8 Intro G p I AO 
7 
IOU In trs B rd 
56 
8 
H U In try P w I 45 
9 
24 
In tr Pw pf 2 28 
4 '. 
In trs f Un 24 
2o 
JOH 
Iowa Bt 
3 
13-4 iowa El 
I 4o 
9 
U H lo w a llG I 72 IO 
24’ . lo w lll pU 31 
J IH lO w aP w Lt 7 IO 
U H Iowa PS I 72 l l 
3 U ipcoHosp OS# I 
S U I»ek 
Corp 
JI 
SU ttelC orp 
3o 
6 

J - 
8o l l 

1-8 

2 
I 

24” } - 
9 4 H . 5 
16+4 
U H . 
. . 
7 6 U . SH 
S O V * 4 
28 H 
I 
SOH t 
*4 
MW— 
+« 
H U F t , 
11+4— 
-» 
M W + I - / 
I U * 
H 
9- a F 
-a 
44V + 3 
8 
— 
H 
„ ^ 
37+* F IU 
27J-, 279-8 + 7U 

12-4 James F 
IJ H J an. zen 
8o 
7' ■ JapanF 
91e 
TAH J e ft Pi lot 
8o 12 
36 
Jar Cen pf 
4 
87 
JerCe pf9 34 
I 
L l 
71-i 
JerCe pts 12 
I JO 9o 
71 
JMTC<-n pl 
8 
/SO 89 
69-; JerCe p f / 88 
/H IO 
89-} 
HO’ . 
JeC pf 13 5o 
/JAO 13o 
IOO'} JerCen pf l l 
/ASO 113 
W U Jew elC 
I 3o 
4 
5*5 
23U 
J U J e w e lc o r 
9 
35o 
23 
JnnM an I 4o IO 1831 
71-, Johnson Jn I J3 2134 
IJ H JohnsEF 
8o 
4 
581 
U U John Con I 2o 9 
187 
12-, JonLogn 
.5o 
5x5*o 
51 
Jon La up! 
5 
<31o 

98 + 
72+4 
21V, 
22U * 
H 
1791 
33 
31+* 
33 
+ 
IU 
1387 
AGU 
19 »s 
ACH ♦ 
I 
135 
U H 
IJ H 
U U + n 
3o7 
19' j 
11V 
19 
+ 
+4 
IM I 
69- 1 
ATH 
68’ * + 
1 
133 
6 
5+4 
6 
+ 
' 8 
58o7 
JAH 
32H 
33’ t ♦ u 
I 
94' } 
94' , 
94' , * 
IU 
544 
63 . 
6 1 '. 
63 * ♦ 
T a 
I i i 
59' / 
SIU 
59 
+ 
+. 
I i i 
5 8 '. 
56+. 
56+* 
14 
45 
63 
6 2 't 
67+4 * tx 
1132 
Al 
19+4 
4oH + 
U 
8o 
Al 1. 
61 
AV )♦ 
'* 
1o4 
3o+. 
3 o ', 
3o+8 4 
‘ 8 
9 
HI- / 
8o 
B IV * 
2+4 
69 
31H 
3o V 
3 1'* + 
' 8 
94 
ISM 
IS H 
IS M 
' 8 i n 
12 
U M 
IA U 4 
' * 
/D IO 
JAH 
25+. 
JAH 4 
' 8 
3o6 
SH 
SH 
5 H 4 
' , 
TJA 
72 U 
/OH 
J U * - 
IH 
1o1 l l 
H H 
17 
4 r4 
19? 
TOH 
TOH 
TOH 4 
H 
Z5oQ 
I I H 
77 Vt 
77+, 
UITZ I t 
2SV 
25U 4 
' 8 
W8 
I I H 
2o’ * 
2o’ * + 
H 
298 
S '7 
SH 
S V E 
4o8 
16V 
ISH 
IA H + 
H 
1262 
W U 
W U 
12+8 + 
+) 
K 
- L 
727 
TOH w u 
TOM 
+4 
71 
U U 
U V 
U H 
S U I 
IOU 
A io u * 
IU 
53o 
3 7 ', 
31 
3?+. ♦ 
+4 zZ4o 
44” ) 
43V 
43” ) 
1o1 
9o 
89 
89- 

A IU 
JZH J organ ilf B i to 
Jostens 

 s i 

SOU 
AH 
57-4 
4o H 
46 
74'. 
1o 
16 
3o n u 
29’ ; 
JO 
57 
11 
IT -} 
J IH 
2o- t 
TOH 
29 
»-• 
21-. 
11>4 
18-4 l l 
IOU 
IOU 
TSU 
U H 
T I-, 
34 U 
JJU l l 
STH 
27 U 
33 H 
S 3 ) 
53 
4/-1 
U H 
2o- • 
39'x 
U -4 
32’ 1 
I t ' * 
8 
47- I 
4J*. 
IS '. 
TSU 
I4>. 
5-8 
6 / 
U H 
7) i i 
I l l 
W U 
15 * n u 
14-4 
W H 
JA 
J*19-8 
H U 
7 
16 
13-4 
IH 
24-4 iou 
U U 
U H 
I I H 
SH 
37U 
77- ; n u 
JU a v 
JA 4 
9o 
SI 
4o 
J6U 
7 3'. 
H H 
AU 
17*4 nu 
44 
T I*. 
I? 1 
I* , a 
36-. 
IIH l f , 
77*. 
W i i i ' I 
51-8 
14-4 
♦JU 
*S i|9 
28 
W- 1 

X is 
17 
W U 
44 H 
U H 
* je u 
24 H 
42- > 
SU 

SH 
T IU 
17 
SH 
» -, 
»H 
W » 
I W t 
I SInu 

I 
1o 
J/ - 1 
JZH e u 
4oH 
44 U 
’ 
U H 
ICH 

, h 
15 - 
A IU 
W e 
„ 61V 
. 25*8 

BO IO 
32H JOyMfg I 3o IT 1811 
I V Justice M fg 
29 
(CLM A irlin 
5 l l ' ) k a itr Al I 2o 13 
SOU Km Apt 
4 17 
57 
A al 5/p fA 75 
SH A aisCem 
5o 32 
U U AaiGe p tl 37 . 
24 
A a lc e pf 2 5o 
9 -t Kane M il 24 
4 
A n tle r 
I 
A C t/P L I It 
ACPL pf4 5o 

194 

IO 
5 
234 
37 
TS 
A 
229 f 
A ll 
9 
8o? 
/JO 
6 
UA 
ZIS4o 
8 
745 
I USS 
8 1289 
13 
JVA t is 

15 
KCSouln lr i * i a CSou pf I w 
K enG E l I 76 
H U A an Nb I J7B 
18 
A an P Lt 14o 
75-} A aP L pf? 32 
3 
K aty ind 
I l a A ly p f B l 46 
____ 
4 / A au fB rd OTI 27 2837 
U-4 K au! p fl SO 
4 
7-8 K a w e tk i Br! 16 
39 
AU AeeneCp 
JO 
8 
378 
SH K e lle r 
2o 
8 
335 
TO 
Kellogg I <o 16 
749 
I? 
Kenwood SO 
6 
UA 
TOU A erm m tl 
96 I? 
87 
TSU Kennel 
/Ce I t 3426 
2o 
K y U til 
1 84 
8 
233 
13 
K err G I* 
4o 
4 
581 
ADU A e rrM c I 25 1J 1529 
16*8 K ey* t Cor la 
6 
7o 
18- 1 K iddeW I 2o 
6 
JTA 
A1 
K iddeptB 
4 x7J 
43 
A ddepfC 
4 
36-. AI m b O I 8o 
9 
SH A ingD Sf 
4o 8 
U H K irsch Co 9o I? 
„ 
TBH A n ig tRid 
77 Ux?73 
8- 1 Aoehrtng 
Me 
6 541 
IU knee pf? 75 
JO 
26 
A o p p e ri 
9o 
9 3445 
J *. A o ra c rp m a 
$ 
341 
4oH k ra ft 
2 U 9 
538 
J IH k r * ^ ^ 
32 2o 4155 
IO 
A roehler M f IS 
25 

 x9 
916 
JAI 
ISA 

K) 

 l**r 
I 44 
IT 
4o 

 l f 
» 
Corp 

U U AI og.-r 
4- I A yto r 
V t LFE 
4 LFE 
E T V Corp a L IV A 
JSt 
’ L T y Cp pf 
5 
1 L e rG a i I 46 
9 
L am Sea I IO 12 
4 I ane Br y 
SC 
I le w irC h 
J. jo 
I 

I 1123 
IO 
57 
» 
IJJ 
I 
4 31o4 
US 

9‘ t Leer S'eg 
5o 
73H L»#rS p l? i i 

Ii l l 
111 
1-4 
221 
WU 
----------- . w. . „ 
IU 
?4*t Leasw y 1 IOO 
9 1o7 
IOU Leed+N 
4ob 
Dx JO? 
17 
Leeton a 
75 
6 
33 
IOU L a p p e t 
I 
IJ las 
U cen v a l 
Ind 
.. 
JVS 
W+« I V in p fl SO 
IO- 1 I eh m n 
94e 
529 
4' ? Lennar Crp 
75? 
II 
Lenox 
I IO 
257 
6 't L e tFay 
4o1) 
4 
H i a h L e vF d Cap 
.. 
M 
I? 
L e v F In Tse 
J9 
H H L e v 'V re 
SO 
4 1o5) 

47o ta 
2o2 
144 
J? 

 z j8o 

 w»-w -w - w- * W ■ "WW _ y 
L e v lf/ P orn 23 3814 
21U I OF 
18oa 
I 
— 
55+4 LOF pf 4 75 
9‘ , L ib rty CP 57 
4 
1+1 L ib rty LOffn 
JU L U jrty L n p f 
79’ / l.g q tG p 2 5o 
I 
L igg tG p p f I 
L a g o p H 25 

4H 
34 
79U 
U U 
27’ a 
IS H 
SAU 
4 3 ', 
18U 

J U 

37U 
61V 
73 
IO 
H 
79V 
1o 

 r ss 
29U 
UJIH 
2 o 'i 
TOU 
29 
ZU 
JOU 
I U l l ' , 
15V 
IOU 
IOU iou 
IS H 
J IH 
27 U 
23 V 
U H 
69U 
21') 
29+« 
SI 
SO 
AAH 
U V 
TOV 
38H 
U U 
IT V 
24 U 
I 

A T ­ 
IA 
73H 
I I H 
AH 
6 
U U 
11 
54JO ? 
19'. 
IJ H 
II 
14-. 
H H 
» ’ ) 
24U 
U H 
U 
I H 
IJ H 
I f V 
4 H 
J IH f» , 
W H 
U H 
27 V 
I ' * 
I I H 
11V 

AH l l ' 

128V no 
H IU 112-8 
TTH 
73’ 
I - , 

33’ a 
7JH 
IS H 
26V 
IS 
SJV) 
42 V 
M V 
44-, 
IH 
34 
JA- ; 
S9V 
73 
9 H 
IS 
2 9 '. 
9H 
7 7 ', 
79V 
SS l l ’ * ll ai 
W U 
WH 
I t ' * 
I ' * 
19- , 
I 
M V 
IS H 
9H t v l l 
U 't 
77-1 
JAH 
23 
15V 
67 V 
TI 
TSH 
49 
5o so 
4 j-1 
44 
W H l i ­ lt* • 
2o 
JZH 
I I H 
JI l l a v 
44 
4 o '. 
D V 
23 
IJH 
AV 
SH 
U U 
ISH 
V 
I / - , 
I U , 
ICH 
I I H 
JZV 
74V 
J IH 
IT V 
H U 
1'» n u 
W a i v 
I I H 
I rn u -4 

’ n 
M U 
71 
W -i 
I V 

A H ♦ B i 
33’ ) 
78 
+ 5 
U V + 
V 
2 AU - 
') 
IS H * 
H 
SAU 
A IV - 
-a 
I I H - 
V 
46U + TH 
T H * 
V 
S 
H * 3H h + av 
6 1 ',+ 4 
7 3 + 8 
9 H * 
+. 
I* 
+ 
J9V + 
IO 
+ 
I I H - 
19H * 
SS 
- 
29 V + 
11V ♦ 
7 1 ') + 
JO 
+ 
2o- . . 
28V + 
7 H . 
IC H t 
I U f 
M V 
15V + 
IO U * 
1oH + 
27H + 
. 
IS H * Va 
28 V * 
V 
I? U . 
I V 
23- a * 
V 
M V 

 tao ny 
Nigh Lew 

JAH 
22 
J IH 
3 IU 
25’ . 
15 
37 V l l 
U U 
27 V 
8' a 
36 
33*. 
6+t 
39 
I / ’ , 
SS-. 
66 
25 
21H 
31’ a 
U +. 
28 
48' } 
JOH 
JZH 
23 U 
17’ } 
23 
59 
59- , 
3oU 
TAH 

Sn fa t 
N et [W t 
F - I _ jh d t ) High Lew Lott Chg j 
16 V Ma r f M a I 4o 
8 
649 
2JH 
25 
75U + 
+» I 
K H 
28 U 
28 
26 U 
24' ; 

U V M a ry K a y 
4o 16 
198 u 
M rldC bp 66b 
9 238 
19 
MascoCp 
28 15 IWS 
17 
M a tnn ite 6o 15 2)o4 a v M asM 
I lie l l 
212 
16'* Massy Per la 4 W3o 
U U M asCp 
I 6o lls 
1oV M a lin e 
V e 
332 
19-8 M eWuS 
28e 14 
371 
4U M attel Inc 
6 
2176 
28-t M avO Sfr I W IO 1294 
3 2 't 
24 *8 MayerO sc I 2o IO 47 33*, 
7*4 Mays 
TW 
1/5 M I 
J 
3o . M ,.ytq I 5oa 14 3o1 
13 
Mc Cord 
84 
6 
76 
37’ a Mc D erm ot I 
4 1787 
48-* Mc Dnld 
Q5e 71 3339 
14 + 4 M f OonD 
44 
9 1694 
13+4 Mc Oonh 
9o 
5 
116 
I I H M cG E d I 5o l l 
225 
W U M cG rw H 64 l l 
698 
TO*. MGH pf I 2o 
8 
26' e Mc Int yr 
I 27/4o5o 

W 

J IH 
18 
11U 
7 7 '. 
SU 

36' 8 
IS- , 

23 U 
J IH 
32-4 
H H 
27 

9o 
7 

17' . 
64' ; 
81-, 
19 
3 3 '. 
37- ) 
3 8'. n u 
3o-8 
16' * 
3o-8 
45 
91 
88-4 
92H 
9 1 '. 
H U 
25 
79H 
2SU 
23-8 
U- ; 
U H 
3 
79-4 
29’ > 
??U 
U H 
25 
AAU 
TIU 
15-4 
ISH 
41 
3?-. 
27*. 
ISH 
27 
65 

74 
4o-8 
5o 
24' , 
15-4 
WH 
IOO 
HO' ; 
3SH 
.’8' / 
2JH 
17 
55’ / 
64-k 
/AU 
IU . 
4*. 
TIU 
59 
45 H 
TAH l l ’ . 
7- I 
TO 
23'* 
25' 4 
2 1'. 
16- ; 
1o 
18 
27-8 
24-8 
W ') 
SOH 
36’ ) 
ISH 
2o 
ISH 
IAH 
16' ; 
79U 
4 3'. 
9' , 
28' h 
27' ) 
11 
SB 
28 
27'. 
U H 
8 
IU * 

W « Mc A er 
W U McLean 
H U Mc Lout I AO 
9 '* M rN e iI 
8o 
H U Mend Cp 
91 
35 V Mea pf AJ 8o 
36+4 Mea p fB? 8o 
17 
Medusa I AO 
U U M e lv ille 
68 
9 H M e re s t 
8o 
42'* Mere Str 
BO 
62U M erck 
I SO 2o 28o4 
IOU M iv edith 
7o 
5 
ISO 
14V M e rrL v n 
8o 
9 ?75o 
W 
Mesa Pet 
IO 21 1184 

7o 
12 
419 
7 
IID 
A 16o4 
83 
335 
I 
39 
12 1338 
’ 
259 
59 

471 
8 
686 
8 
56 
7 
SU 
I 
775 
72oo 
/ISO 
I /OOO 
/SSO n o a 
78 

U U 
75' ) 
H H 
I I H 
21 
SS 
55 
29' / 
TAU 
U V 
4.5 u 
ABH 
19 
25H 
JAH 
36*. 
SH 
79V 
H 8 
78 U 

24' , MesP p tl AO 
A 
Mesabi I I9e 
IA U M estaM I 45 
W H M G M lr 
15 
M et rom I IO 
IV ; M e lt pf 3 9o 
/J- ? M etE pts 12 
7o 
M etE pt / 68 
/ I U MeE PUS W 
73 
M fg ptMB J? 
I t ” ) M'ChGS FIO 
I ’ ’ 1 M 'C hTtih.' 
I 2o 8163 
TAU M hW i pf? 67 
125 
25 
Mn Wi pl? W 
442 
13+4 M ia o w dye 
4o IWS’ 23'* 
17' / M idCtl 
I 16 
9 
127 
13+* M idSUt 
I 38 IO 2184 

9o 
88 
TTH 
89 
H H 
25 
29' / 
25’ 

I 
M idlnd M ta 
IR' • M idi Rn 
I « 
TO' / M ile s l b I 28 is 
M iiqo t ie d 
95* M ilfB re d AO 
21’ ; Mm nGs I 7? 
57' 8 M in M M I 45 2o 2853 
8 l i t 
9 
IDJ 
8x733 
A 
VSS 
13 
9 
139 
8 l l 
I t 
8 28/o 
534 
8 
I i i i i m o 
5 
7? 
9 i n 
6 
5 
48 
A 
749 

12 1o33 

IRV M inn PL I AA l l 1 ; M irro A I 
9a 
8 
Missn Eg 
36 
I I H M PacC 
16o 
U U M oPacR p tl 
JOH MnPtCo I AO 
9 V MoPSv lh 
24'* Mo P l p l.' 44 
47V M obil 
3 8o 
3' 4 M obile Mom 63 
15 V MohdSco 
9o 
8 
3 
Monk D fl'e 
IAU MohkR 
I TO 
18 
M olycorp la 
78 
MPW pf? 5o 
16 
Monrh I 2oa 
A U Manour 
2fj 
ZU ASonrFq 
2o ?7 2o29 
*6 
Monsnn 2 8o 
8 IST) 
8 4 '. Mons pf 2 75 
5 
26- * Mon DU 2 4o 
7 
41 
TI' 8 AVinPw 
I 8o 11x433 
21 U M o n ist I HCM x748 
I U M O N Y 9 Ae U x4 a* 
29V FAaoreMcC I 
5 
IS? 
SO 
Morgan 
7 
18 
M o rrik n u 
I 
IO '* MorseSh 
HS 
5 
TH M igpTr Am 
U H Mx/rNor 
88 
41'. M o toiola 
IU 27 
8)>. M IF uei 
I l l 
19 
M tSI Tri 1 ah 
9 
I 
M unfoi d 
4o 
5 
SH M 'jn ld pf 
4o 
H U Munson I o8 
9 
IAU M u rp hy I 2o 
7 
IAH M urpO il 
6o 
6 
W U M urryO h 1 2o 
1 
U H M ot lo in I 32 
AU M yersL 
4o 
23U NCRCp l l 14 6147 
W U N I Ind 
I 2o 9 5 218 
ISH NL TCp 
64 
8 1563 
AH NVF 
I 451 
I 
15' , Nabisco 2 4o l l 
29V NalCOCh 
96 17 
IOU N a rc o V l 
IO*. NashoaC l l 
N e tA lrl ll V N A via 
IO '; NatCan 
21 
NC an p fl SO 
18 
N t'C hem 
4o U 
SU Nt c if y in 
IO.' 
A 
75 
Nat Del r I 52 
A 
16-8 Net D " f 14o 
I 
67' / NDsfpt 4 75 
VU 1 NDsfpt 
I 2.5 l l 
N a if uel JIA 
24' ; N a if eel pf 2 K) 

IAU 
IU 
W H 
24 
71’ > 
14+4 
24U 
57 V 
21 <* 
IT V 
U H 
41 
3 2'4 
27*. 
ISH 
27 
65 
4 H 
19'# 
AU 
I I H 
39 
49V 
?4V 
13 
W 
88- 4 
95 
35 H l l ' ) 
23' a 
I I H 
46 U 
56+. 
21+4 
W H 
4*. 
T IU 
5/ 

I 
68 I? 
5o l l 
Ila i i 
A 

3o1 
476 
5o6 
W? 
35o 
814 
?«i 
171 
8 
515 
112 
WO 

/TOO 
I 
8 *93 

U U N aiG vp I o5 l l 
AOI iv * Na! 
Homes, 
4 14 
S '. Mal m d 
3o 
4 
55o 
9' , Nat Ind pl SO 
A l l U N u nn p tl 25 
19 
14 
N M dC are 
(We U5IS 
ZU ' ............ 
15'. 
36 

44' 1 
TSU 
8 *. 
A’ ) 
H U 
19' 4 
73U 
18U 
H H 
9 H 
38 
71 
74U 
VU 
SOH 
34'4 
W H 
18 V 
13V 
16 
U 
75' , 
23 
BV* 
28 
25 V 
77 
38 
78 
1127 V 
U V 

24”, 
23 V 
13 V 
J IH 
U H 
I " ; 
26 , 
5 
31 
33 
3 
35 V 
H U 
43 U 
53 
2 3 * 
TO’ . 
S IU 
I f V 
27 
29 
IT 
24 
U U 
11V 
IV’ ) 
S IU 
S IH 
TRH 
TSU 
17 
45' 4 
AAV 
17 
24 ’ a 
35' , 
36 
8' ) 
78H 
IS' ; 
?’ U 
43’ ; 
88’ / 
87' / 
9o 
89nu 
71’ 1 
TV 
TSH 
TIU 
U H 
16V 
I ' . 
28 
T IU 
TOU 
U 
23V 
56' 4 
TOH 
W H 
U+4 
39 
J IH 
TAU 
ISH 
26 V 
6? 
4 
18’ ; 
5*. 
TOU 
3 7 '. 
4 V . 
T IU 
W U n u 
85U 
95 
35 V 
TAH 
I I H 
I U . 
45 
55U 
21 l l ' 1 
J U 
TO** 
54 H 
43*4 
24 H 
8 
5' 1 
ISH 
IR H l l ' , 
IRV 
16 
VU 
J5H 
18+4 
23'8 
8 ' , 
48 U 
3.1 
12 
U U 
ITH 
ISH 
U H 
25 i v 4 
BH 
77+4 
24 H 
Z I’ , 
TS 
27 
TAU 
H i. 
4H 
AH 
U U 
I J *8 
19 

7oH + 
28U + 
TAU F 
24V + 
H U F 
21H + 
U H ­ 
U H * 
26*8 + 
SH + 
J? 
+ 
33H . 
3 V + 
35' ;♦ 
IS ,♦ 
IAU-- 
SJ H * 
23 V F 
TIU • 
U H 
IAH 
27 
— 
29’ 4 * 
U H * 
75 V * 
ISH * 
I I H . 
TOU • 
53 
. 
51 
+ 
29H + 
TAU . 
U H . 
4 5U - 
AAH * 
19 
* 
25’ 4 . 
JAH . 
36 *8 * 
■IU. 
29U 
16' , . 
77 V -- 
41' ) 
88 ) . 
88 
♦ 
91 i 
89 
+ 
14 
24’ ) + 
29 H . 
25V 
I I H . 
U H 
IAU > 
I V * 
29 t 
74 
. 
2oU 
U U * 
TIU 
SAH . 
21V ■ 
W H * 
U U . 
4o V * 
32' 4 . 
27’, 4 
ISH * 
27 
4 
65 
+ 
4 H + 
IS H * 
6 '. 4 
72 H 4 
39 
4 
49' 4 4 
24- / . 
W ) 
U H f48H • 
95 
- 
IS H 4 

46’ " 1 
56’ . 
21’ / 
W H ' 
4H 
TOU 1 
57 
I 
44' I 1 
25 
8+4 1 

73 
18'. 
IAU 4 
V ) . 
37' ; 4 
TOH. 
24 
4 
V . . 
5o' i + 
34'. 4 
W H 4 
IR 
I) 
16 
4 
U ’ t . 
25'4 4 
TTH 4 
81*4 
JZV 
25'* 4 
72 
4 
18 
4 
I t 
4 
27 
. 
I / '* * 
5'4 ‘ 
I I t l l ' / 

Stock Sym bols 

7 
Sales in fu ll 
Llmess othei-wise noted, rates of dividends In th . foregoing table are annual disbursem ents based on th - la s + q u a rtp riy or sem i annual d eclaration 
Special pr e x tra dividends or paym ents not desianaUxl a? egu lar are identd *q in the follow ing footnote-, t a 
Also e xtra or extras b 
A nni al ta w pins st,', k 
{ iivid e n d t tia u id a tin o dividend e 
D eclared orhpaic 
Jin preceding IT months >’ 
Declared or pa d atter stock 
.d iv id e n d 
OI ’■pill up k 
D eclared or paid in s year 
. accum ula tive issue w ith dividends in a rre ars n 
New 
+ ue p 
Paid this yea1" dividend o m 'llo d d e te ire 
‘ no action taken at 'ast dividend m eeting 1 
Dec lame 
O’ paid an preceding IT m onths plus stock dividend 
I I 
PA'b ah stoc k iii precfc+nq 
I? m onths esnmatec c a v val ie on e* dividend <v e» d is trib u tio n date 
I 
(Id 
Called 
* 
E * divid en d y 
F * dividend anc i .dies in fu ll x d is E x d 's ti'h u lio n *1 
E* rig h ts ! je w 
A ihout w a rra n ts wvy 
W ith w a rra n ts wd • Whpr 
I d istrib u te d w 
A na n issued nd 
Nex! day d elivery 
1 v| 
In b an kru ptcy or re ce ivership or being 1 eye ig a m /e d u nd iv the 
B an kru ptcy 
Act or se. u rin e 1 j assumed by such companies 
W here a s p lit or stock di dividend am ounting to 2' per cent or m ore has been p a'd the year s high 'ow 
■ range and dividend .a re shown for 
(he new stock 
{o n ly 

Y eorty 
H igh lo w 
44 
TA 
48' / 
.« 
39'. 

Safe* 
N et 
P E 
|hd» I 
H igh lo w lo s t Chg 

49 
S3 
BJ-', 
IOO 
88 
1o4' , 
ULI 
PHU 
Bo- / 
16 
Ad' . 

WH 
73', 

3/ 
I I H 
18 
.'JU 
18 
U H 
4 V 

IAH 
IAU 
ISH 

41 • 

49' 

Ur IE p+18o 
Uh,IC p t. .kl 
Rh i 11 pf 4 4o 
"h iIE p f4 ta 
' Pf' 1H E l pf z 
P h iiL p i| ’ 5 rh ilE of7 95 
Uh 1 if~ 
4.19 52 
Phi if. pi9 5o 
FU* 11 Et 
O II 8o 
FUSIig p it 7S i+ ’ iiaSub 
8o 
Pl) 11 Mist I I I 
P hilips ind 
P hilip (od pi 

/ '* P h 'llVnH 
Axil 
4’ . P ickw ick 
12 
5 
PieoNG I 44 
P ie r! Im p rl 
JJ1 

1o2 

2/v» C oner 
1 . j 
IA H P lo n m Bt 
IJ' ; 
Pitnev B AH 
U ' 8 P iftt r (| non l l 
P 'tfs tn ta 
TOU P i//a HI OO.- 
3 
Plan Rear ch 
J U P la y !'); w 
8 « Pleasey 8Ae 
U U fh’ PUmo 
I 
JI ” , P olaroid 
5o 18 1881 
A 
Ponderosa 
42 WIA l'.U Pope ta i 
7o 15 
SR 
U H nor let 
HO IO 
4o/ 
AA 
Per tr pf 5 5o 
Z47o 
IAH Per to r: I 64 

V 28o 
47 
A l' . 
42 t m 
47' » 
ASH 
47V v 224o 48V 
46 +4 
48 y IOO 
5V ) s i ', 
SI' , 
V 158o HI *4 
8o 
Rl+4 
"JLS 
99' n 
96V 
99 y 19oo BZ 
84' J 
HT 
VMO 1o4 
HW 1 nu 
VISO 1o2 
IO !'. 
1o2 y114ft 88 
85 ) 
87' 1 y9io 
85' ) 
81 
85 
8 
492 
16 
IS 
16 
I I i 3691 AT- , 
6oU 
61+4 
28 
SIO 
8 '. 
’ '4 
8 +* 
’ J 
IJ+, 
U H 
I SH 
13 2735 
66' 4 
6.1 + 4 
66'a 
8 
2J9 
IOU 
IOU 
IO’ / 
9 
458 
IT' ; f t - 
1? 
8 
JI 
17' i 
IT 
A no 
6' > 
A' a 
6 M 
> 13 1597 A IU 
J9 
41' • 
9 i i i 
IA U 
36 
IAU 
5 
166 
17' , 
IT H 
IT '. 
12 148/ 
16' 8 
15V tau 
15*. 
’ 
16 
W U 
19 
5 3/52 
18 H 
H U 
ISH 
14 
53o 
28 
26 
TTH 
I 
H1V7 
V 4 
IU 
AH l l 
36/ 
SU 
SH 
SH 
I 
I m 
IOU 
IO' , 
IO '. 
5 
485 
ISH 
15 
I i ’, 

 u 
H 
H 
'» 
H 
I 
IH 

IV 
H 

ABH » 
J H B - 

 i? : : 

IU 

SA'. 
52*. 
5' 1 
1 7'. 
2o 
25'* 
IR H 
TO' ; 
24” . 
77 
71*. 
IAH 
1o5' , 
3o*. 
U U 
IOU 
45 
1o7’ ; 
25’ . 
IAH l l 
95 
IS 
19 
4 o '. 
« ' ; 
45 V 
55 
58” ) l l * ’ ; 
IW V 
BZU 
14 
JOU 
3o 
JJU 
I9” « 
49 
49 U a v 
36 
4' * 
IU l l ' } 
2o 
53 
9 I V 
83 
VI 
HOH 

N M edt 
St 
A 
48? l l 
11+4 
IJ 
* 
V , 
NM ineSv 
5o IJ 
SAX 
74’ / 
IS H 
24' 4 • 
I ' 4 
N a iP rsto 
2 
6 
VII 
AAU 
44 
46 1 ” 
I 
Nat Nemtcn l l 5337 
28U l l i i u * 
I 
NVvc 'n d 
*7 
IO 
315 
I i 
I e . 
15 t 
N St end 
96 
A n e 
IAH 
15+4 
IAH • 
1 
N V e rc h 
88 l l 
TJA 
51 
49' 1 
SO 
+ 
NrttlSti 
2 re 
IO 
4/6 
45’ 1 i i ' * 
A i'8 * 
3+4 » 
’ a 
Nat Tea 
97 
JU 
3' » 
U 
N atom a 1 4ft 
I 
2711 
37-4 
33 H 
JAH 4 
J 
Neptune 
6o 
9 
67 
I * ') 
U H l l ' I 4 
IU 
NevPw 
I AO 
6 
144 
25 
74' , 
25 
♦ 
H 
NevV pf I AO 
16oo 
IM' • 
18 
IM 
NevV p tl 74 
/199o 
W U 
19 
19+, 1 
U 
NevP p tl IO 
/AA fO 
U H 
24 
TAU + 
NevP b tl 95 
74 l l 
T V , 
27 
4 u 
N E ngfcl I 86 
NEnGE I 36 
9 
8 
8o9 
UA 
I V , 
IA H 
I V * 
IS H 
TS 
4 
IAU t 
H 

N F n G L pt9 mo 
4*51o5'7 1o4 m s ') t 
2 
NEnF> pf7 76 
IO 
M V r e v 
3o” ; 4 
H 
N E h u t 
7 to 
N Y S r G 2 AO 
IO 
58 
JAH 
JAH 
U H 
9 
3/1 
JOH 
29U re . ■ 
14 
NY 5E p f J 75 
/JAO 
44' ) 
♦I 
4! 
4 
). i 
NY i f p f* MO 
/SBO 1o2' 1 Ioo+. 
1o1V, 4 
IV. 
NYVE pf? 1? 
IS 
IV * 
74H 
25 
♦ 
' 4 
New hall 
46 IO 
7o1 
16’ # 
IS H 
16' ) 4 
6* 
N ew m l 
I AO 15 1oo1 
28 l l 
78 
+ 
I 
N w m f pf4 5o 
4 
SS 
84 
84 >. « I+4 
N ia M P 
I 24 
9 1441 
U H 
14 
U h + 
H 
N la M p f 3 4o 
I STO 
JZV 
JAM j v . 
N 'a M p t I AO ito 
AO'. 
4 o '. 
4o '4 
N ia M p t 19o 
H K 
43' ; 
42’ 4 
43”. * 
IU 
N ia M p f 4 1o 
125o 
45 
44 
45 
. 
IN 
N ia M p t 4 85 
/146o 
54 
573, 
54 
♦ 
N ia M p f 5 75 
/TZO 
58' ; 
58 
58 
N iM pf l l 75 
/ 55o IU 
U 6 V 
IU 
. 
V 
N 'M p l 
1o 6o 
/174o 
H J V 
112 
IW V * 
'n 
N ia M psi l l 
/ 26o 
BT’ , 
I i 
*7 } u 
Ni ag Sore Ase 
93 
12V. 
U U 
U U u 
N ice r 
7 W 
8 
439 
M U 
79”. 
JOU ■ 
IH 
N icer pf I 9o 
IS 
JJU 
29+4 
TV k. + 
14 
N o rtw tn I ta A 
828 
32't 
I V . 
J IH 4 
' 8 
Nor I in 
I 25 
5 
185 u n n u 
U H 4 
H 
N o rris 
I AO 
7 
98 
49 
47- ) 
XV 
+ 
IU 
NoAC oat re 
8 
34 
A i Vi 
47' ) 
A V . * 
1 * 

IU 
It 
2o 

497 
25 
83 
8 
587 
IS t i t * l l 

 t i 
L igg tG p p f I ... /JOO 
85 
H U L'OgG p ts 25 
2 
8o 
43 
Lilly E h I JO IT 291? 
<9 1 
24 
I i n t N a t 1 6o I! 
.............. 
48 
L in c N ip f 
3 
15*. L in te l 
I 7? 
I v L'dhAi C a rr 
AH I " to e in 
IBI 
* 
L 'ttn p lt p f; l l 
I ittn c v p f 
3 
IAU L itto n p ts ? 
AH Locked Aire 
•4V L o c tit* 
I? 
21 
L o *ws 
I 7o 
A 
Lom a Fin 5o 
I I H L o m M 
BAF 
. 
__ 
U 
Lem* SI'Od 
I IO 
I UBT 
15U I rig U L I 1 56 
8.1585 
SO 
L i t DEB 
7 
■ 
42 
L IL P f 
4 35 
TO 
L IL p f 
STS 
T9 
L IL Pf 
8 l l 
M V) L IM H 
8 3o n j 
L i t p in i i 
24V U IL pfO J 4T 
J IH . o n y b rg 
U t 22 44/ 
J '/ L O r f C p 
4o 
T 
AA 

16' l l 
U h 
J U 
U H 
TOH 
19 , 
TIU 
AU 
19'4 
H U n u 
IS Hii: 
STV 
49' ; 

1o5 
92 m: 

J 1289 
•A 
W I 
I 1483 l l 1243 
IT 
388 

U *2 

IT H% 
I 
IT”. 
TV 
U H 
JOH 

K H 
B u 
IS 8 

 l r 
<4+4 
T IV ta u 
ST 
49 V 
•5 
9o 
93' ? 

IS H * IU 
1 4 ';+ 
U 
J IH + 
U 
TSH* 4 't 
TU ♦ IH 
44 V 
'* 
4o V * 
' 1 n u * u 
23’ » ♦ 
' ; l l 
+ 
U i h i v 
SH 
•* 
W H * IU 
U H * IU 
54 
* J V 
2o*. t 
'* 
IAU + IU 
W U ♦ 
U l l 
+ 
'* 
14'* « 
H 
J A H . TH 
JO H- 
18 
TSH * 2 
IT H ♦ 
H 
IT 
♦ 
H 
I U * 
' . 
IJ H ♦ 
V) 
W H * 
H 
A V * 
U 
JJ*’} A I V 
TV, ♦ 
V, 
IJH ♦ u 
W H + 
H 
I I H ♦ 
+* 
*>4+ 
H 
J T H + 
H 
T I U - 
U 
I BU + IU 
J U — u 
AH 
J 3 V + I 
85 ae 
* i v 
47H + IH 
JA*. • IV l f 
* I 
ISH ♦ 
Hu 
H H * 
+* ie ** + h 
JA 
- v 
JI 
» u 
AU ♦ 
H 
19* * + 
’ * 

IS 
+ 
V, 
JJH ♦ 1 / 
IA U * 
”4 i i 

 i i 
H . 
* 
9 J V + IU 

IU 

J 

I JO l l 19*7 jo b IS JDO 
Y n 
9*~58 
** I 
{3 
145 
♦I 

I 
I I 

 l l 

N — i i 

W 
L uR a cif 
21H Lout AG* 
. 
U U U h M m tl 
AO 24 
. . . 
J IH L u b rifo i I IO IS 
IQS 
W 
L u c k y s 
ABL l l 
AIA 
A u Ludlow to 
22 
LukanSt 1 1o 
W H L ykotC p 
'* 
28”# Lykov p fj 
4 
L ynC S yt 

M 
W H M S P * tfla 
U h MC A ine lo 
J ' / M i l Cp 
WH M G iC In 
IO 
TU M«c A t 
MO 
TU Mite Dona! 
4U M o ck* 
36 
4 < M ac rn ill 
5o 
U H Ms im n il 3o 
JAH M acy 
I rn 
4/ , Mac ypt 4 25 
» V M o d itF d 
AO 
4 
AawdSg Oar 
AH M a g n e t 
J IH M a llo ry 
{ !« 
JO 
M a lH ,ae 68 w 
4 H March In 
JO 
4 
TA 
M b Man 
I 92 
32+. M ARCO 
AO 
TU M ar a i MI 
41”, M at t!n n O . 
IJ H M a r am t 
BO 
BU M ar M id to 
I I H M a r>onL 
ST 

J4H 
U t 
TAH 
18 
TBH 
IS H 
34 
V U i t 
24 
U H 
J I* , 
TU 

IM H 1 » 
JZH 
JZV ♦ f L*:ii 
U V 
ITH ♦ r ?5t: 

4 
TO 

I 
A1 
5 
342 
4 
SAI 
Tx 75o 
JI 
• SS 
AA) 
.. 
5 
158 

*? a ‘ i n 

, r n 
9x761 
I i 
JA) l i t ^1 AW 

5'# 
2 1 '. 
8< > 
I V 
A' ) 
Av* l l ' 1 
34 V 
SI 

U H 
U H 
TH 
JJU l l 
JJU 
AH 

U H 
JZH 
4U 
IAH 
I 
4H 
4 
I U 
I . 

CA' ) 
SZU 
RSU 
US' ) 
W I'* 
IoZ 
4?’ . 
A 
49' ; 
IAU 
5Z', 
34 >« 
IJ H 
49*. 
TAH 
111', 
TSU 
U H 
M U 
18'* 
24 *. 
54 
JI 
15V w « 
U U 
24' / 
U ’ ) 

Bl 
94 
I U ') 
IU ; al' 1 
SAU 
M V 
I3 IV 
IW V 
94 . 
M i 
2 3'} l l 
14U 
45”* 
JZH 
H U 
18 1 
18 a 
18 
ISH 
34 r 
19 , 
24H 
U H 
AAU 
Al . 
98 

72 
3) 
T U No Arn M i 
Abe 
1oo5 
IA H NoA Phi I 2o 
A 
445 
TU NOC A ir 
We 
A 
82? 
U N oC eAir wt 
I8Z 
A H Noes!Ut I OI 
8 AZO) 
16 
N ln d P S I 44 
8 
454 
J U * Nor NGS 2 o8 
I 
AOI 
85 
NONG PTS 5o 
HO 
>o 
NONG pf5 4o tim 
79 
NONG pf 5 8o 
/ 24o 
76 
NUNO p f* 4o 
/IO 
I*' 1 NONG pf 6 IM 
U K 
95 
NONG p f* « 
/3o 1o2 
23 V No St PW 
194 
1ox13o4 TAH 
A) 
NSPyy p l) AO 
V34o 
46V 
HS' , N5PW p f, >6 y jl IG 57*. 
75 
N iP w pi6 A) 
I WO 
RSU 
IO T', NSP pf IO 16 y3W 118 
RA 
NSPw p f/ 84 ySZSOIOO 
95' 1 NSPw p f* MO 
------ 
TV 1 Nor Tat 
64 
W 
J U N o rth g a te *3 
___ 
IJ H N o rth rp I A* IO 
391 
23 
N w s tA irl 
45 I) 
* * " 
43” . N w fBrie 1 8o l l 

It 

85’ 

93 V 
BJ 
8 9 '. 
88 
87 
1o2 
TV 
45 
SA' ) 
85 U 
UA 
AT 

IOU ♦ 
IA H * 
48 
+ 

N U 
TAU f 
/I 
4 8 I 
U U 
I i ' , I 
Al 
.13 
I i i 
43 
I 
49 
•Ai t 
59' 4 
STV' I 
Al 
‘O' ■ I 
IS to >4 I 
18' 1 
14 '4 I 
IOO', 
R I', 1 
11 '4 
HU I sc / 
27 f 
IV’ , 
U V I ll -. 
JJM f 
34 
N f 
IA U l l ' * I 
I t 
W 
I 
111 
KUH t 
I t *4 
U h I ll) 
Ii ' . I 
74 <8 
ITH 1 
7 3', 
I I H I 
IAU 
U ‘ / I 
AR 
Ut' 4 I 
SO' 4 to t 
SI 
Al 
I 
AL” a 
48' / I 
ATU 
57 
I 
H H 
24'» I 
8o' / 
66 
I 
78' / 
IS 
I 
U /' / I U ', I 
91 
I i 
I 
91H 
TA 
I 
92’ 1 
TA' , I 
99 
T IV I 
BT 
ARU I 
1o8' } 
94' 1 I 
AH 
4 
I 
AU 
TU I 
5' ; 
TH I 
IJ H • 25 V I 
IMH 
.’ TU I 
19' , 
U U I 
24+4 
19 
I 
A’ , 
[' , I 
I i 1 / 
T S H I 
28 U r e v I 
TU 
54' I 1 
IU to:) 
1 
7 o'. 
IS 
I s h 1 

 kl , n u ti ta . st 

SAH 
46 1 
AH 
V a 

AH 
3 
It 
18' 3 I 
JOU 
TAU 
TAU 
TM 
IS' 4 
ATH 
44 
23 
IS '* 
5 '4 
?' .- 
I i ’ a 
VU 
71 + 4 
IM' « 
WU in# 
It 
7 
35 
IM 
98 
S IV 
TO' 4 
6 
Si w 
8* ? - 
JI' , 
IS’ » 1 

IV ■ 
IO 

 ti" . l l * 
34 l l u 
IM +4 
I H 
JAH 
IT H 
WU 
TU 
45 
WH 
IOU 
J’ a 
39' ; 
JO” , 
TI 
4o 
SH / n u 
68 4 i i 
BO 
*1 
42+t t i ' a 
91 
54' 1 
AV * 
IAU 
ISH 
8+4 
U U 
9>t 
275* 
71'* 
I I H 
IO' / 

I’c/G Pf 11 5o 
P o rte pf I 6o 
Polite h 
I M W 
P oth)El I IA 
9 
PotEI pf? u 
15+1 El pM SI 
Pot El pM (U 
P e lf 1 pts i t 
Pot El pts SO 
Pi am I ar 
,8 
8 
P rom 1 pl VO 

36 
111 
1o8/ 
11 
15 TO 
17oo 
/MO 
I KO 
IU l l 
Proc tr Ct TTO 18 HOI 
Pi Od W sh 
P ip ier 
I ,o 
8 
P S vf ol 
I 4« IO 
PSvc In 
IV l l 
PSInd (it I SO 
PSInd pf I o » 
P Slnd tin Oh 
PSma ptA 4 1 

PSNH pl? TS 
P jv N M I 57 l l 
I BO 
PSF G p tl 41 
PSEC pt4 o8 
PSEC, bt4 IR 
P i i S pf 4 lo 
USEG p*5 o5 
P S E ', pts ?H f ’ SFG p f.' I/ 
PS6G pie so 
PSEC pf? i i 
PSI: p f W I i 
P S tL . pf / hi 
PSEC, pf / RO 
PSEG nf8 OM 
PSEC. pf / i i 
PSEC, pf / ‘Ai 
USEG pfV t i 
Pubic k r ind 
Pueblo in t 

HIO 
88 
ST? 

IV V 
Ti • 
IV '. 
TTH 
T3 
2o' ) ll? ' . 
T W l l 

66 
7 4(1 f 14 2o 
112oo 
/HH) n o n 
.’ 19 
T IU 

JZH 
6U 
19 
21V 
TI 
IA U 
H O U 
28' / 
68 
U U 
4o 
51V 
XT' ; 
5* ; 
5 9', 
W H 
16' I 
VO J 
V 4 
K l‘ 4 
IV 
JI 

U 1 

/TITO 
V5J 
1862 l l l l ASO 
/TO 
/USO 
/HOO 
7167o 
614 
Z2S2o 
J I 
-) i DO US 
UA 
VT 
1166o 
91 
/IRO 
97 
WI 
89 
ZUO 
85 
MVO 1o8 
58 7 
5 
28o 

Tvs* 
24 I* 
23 
16' / 
48' I 
5o 
51 
AO' a 
62 H 
TSH 
8o' ) 

W’ i i i 
11o-4 IIC 
ZI 
21 
78 
IS l l 
It 

IV' . 
I I H 1 
TI 
. 
TOH > 
111H t 
29’ * . 
TI 
. 
U H 
JO1 ; * 
5V ; tv t 
59', * 
59'. 
W H > 
16*. i 
V I** 1 
9' I 
IOU 
IV 
IIH * 
84 
. l l 

SS 
TH 
I U 
JJU 
33 
PuuSF'l 
I JA IO 
Pun mn 
I 32 
V 
4V5 
P u re . Cp I OH IO TAS 
P u re * pf I 35 
1 
74' / 
P u ritn Fasti 
5 i l l i v 
Pu o ltr 
I I? IO 
2o2 
78' 1 
Q uekO .lt 
92 l l 1761 
26 * 
Wuk Oat pi I 
*4 
64 
Q uad p tv 56 
/IOO m 
Q u a *SIO 
18 U I.'AZ 
TOH 
Ones tot 
OSi 
IO no 
/ 
Quash p fA 

SO 
5o 
5 8'. 
61 
25 rR 
I I H 
W I 
VO 
VO’ ; 
VT’ . 
86' 1 
SS1 1 
IOT'. 
5 + 4 l l 
I H io u 
J IH 
IMH 
2x’ a 
J l l 
I* '* t i n ll? ' / 

Ant 
I 
13 U SO 
SO 
/17o 

IO U 
1611 
I 7o IS ARB 
1X6*25/ 
I 

 m to vgt 
W it 
W als' 
Ram. 
Wane 
R ap'd Am 
Rap I*p tl I i 
RapAm pi j 
Waybst I sob 
6 
K s y m lp l 
8(1 
I 
P a y/hrt 
I 7o l l 
Read Bat 
MO 
4 
Redm an md 
Ree. ac' p 
I i IO 
Reeves tiro 
I 4t 
R altbC h 
/4 8 
Remit) St 
68 
6 
R e lia n t) I IO l l 7o/ 
R ehsn p f I 
17 
R eti*n G rp 
63 
VMO 
Re lGi p p it) 55k 
Ret Gr p pfC 65k 
R W in pi? 6M 
R epublic Cp 
V 
R apt m s 
RO a 
R epM tg Inv 
P4H+MI 
I AO 
8 
8 en I e * i m 
Rear vOo 
16 
Revi n il'. I i TO 

TV 4 
74 
23 
' 
16' I I 
48' , I 
5o 
I 
51 
I 
58”. 
61' / ' 
75 V t 
8o 
I 
78 ' x ' 
175 
. 
V I 
1 
V I- ) 
VV’ } I 
BV 
MS' , 
1o8' > I 
5+4 ' 

P l I 
I JH • 
J IH iv 
. 
24' / 
) 1 • 
ZMH 
76 I 
63 1. 
IU iv u 

74- I t a u 

 l l 
J IH 
425 
28 
558 
A IV 
1165 
IR 
I i i 
I V 
ISO 
IV 
511221” ) l i t 
IA*a 

93’ I 
TOU 
'837 
54277-a lf 

-Zn 

1(1 
8o8 
191 
15 2216 
I M sol 
JAB 
18 21/o 
‘ 
62o 
JAS 
I 

85+4 ♦ 
IU t 
VAH * 

I 
I i * 
SU 

 y8ooo1o5+4 1o3’ # Io5U + P 
TTT 
ZIA 

I i i 
1/4 zen 
T * 
841 

24H N w tfcnrgy I 
6 
24H N w lC or cf I 
6 
32H N wf Ind 
225 
14' ; N waftnd WI 
73 
N w ltn pf 4 re 
24 U N w fP p tl SO 
JI 
A ', N w sM ufL Ie IT 
TAI l l ' I NwtSIW I re 13 
111 
TSU Norton 
I 8o 
8 
BO 
ITH Nor Si n 
ACL. IO HTS 
8 V N o tts p f l to 
’I i i 
14' I N u corcp 
SI 
I *9o 
AH OKCCp 
I 
5 
A/ 
TU Oak Ind to 
8 ll? 
W U O aki'eP 
I IO 
59 
I J' 1 Or o d Pat 
I 131o477 i H O f idPe* w 
1718 
78'« O ' tP D'Z !A 
JA 
46 
Or t i p p f 3 Aft 
IU i i ' * O ' Cid Pf pf 4 
85 
ZOU O c tiP p f 2 5o 
184 
ISH Ogrjan 
I TU 
5 
JST 
25 +. Ogdt pf 1 t i v 
U H Oh>of d 
I TO IO HAJ 

J I' 
SU 
48 
JOU 
STH 
JJU 
JJU 
46 
2) 
1o2 l l ' ; 
W H 
3o 
H U 
TO 1 
4 4 't 
TAH 
15V 
AH 
U H 
74 , l l ' 1 
JA' 1 

TAH 
J I ', I 

48 
TAU 
45' I 
ZVV 
54” * 

 i i ' - i i * 
44 
46 l l 
21 
ABH 1o2 
I I H 

44 ' 
O 'C d (if J Au 
Of 1 1 pm a 
On i d pf 4 «4 
O f t ii p f4 se 
Of f d p iz 24 
Oh E J p i* re one, p f to 
O h £ pf 1o 7* 

 ato 
1o7 r n 
ZI / OhPw PIA o4 
67 . O PwB pfZ AO to ) o p w c b iz rn n j 1, b h p p f * u 
UA 
Ob Pw pf 
U 
76' 1 OhPw p f8 4k to 
OhPw p f 7 th 
U U O klaG E I 48 
IO 
OfclGE pf BO 
23V O kiaNG I M 
8 
777 
JO , O IirtCP 
I SO 
7 
353 
?6'* O 'tn k ra ff I IO to 4x5 

A f’ I 

/ 35ft lim i * t , l l to n o 
I t OO i i s k iw 
/JOO IU 
/1 IO 
STV 
I SOO 
IA H t i * o 
IS V z io n m u 
/HAO I JA' , 
111 
AXU 
125 
H i l l IOO! 
WU y 1o1o ll 
14*8 
42U 

Om a rk 
.7J 
A 
Ck)*'de 
IX 
JJU O pelika I I? 
I I 
O ranR k I 16 
AU O rang# ret; 
71*8 Qv/tM+r 
I * 
W H OubatCp to t» H OvarrufT 
AO 
•O H Over Sh 
JOt 
42 
O wantCng 
I 
SO 
OwanMI 1 M l l 
O w” lf p i* TS 

US 
AB 
19 
11 

J /' J I 
U H l l 1 I 

A 
267 
W t 
Ax 199V 
AH 
I 
TAA 
28 
6 
'n 
I 
111 
4 
287 
>5x86o 
I 7384 
2o 

I I H 
71*, 
24 H 
AA*. 

 a r 

D x 
TAU 
M '* 
19' , 
43'4 
IJ H 
ISH 
A '. 
IA H 
21H 
U H 
38 H 
75U 
74 
TAH 

 n 
TO 
41 I 
SOV so 
53 
A? 
A?” , 
I l l l l } 
M 1 
84 

WB * 
WT 
W U 
85+. t a u 
IOU 
J } 'I 
41 ii' 4 
U H 
IT” ; 
ITH 
• SU 
TH 
27 * l l 
TOH 
Ti i i 

IJ H 
1o 
4 
31 ” ? 
IO 
4 
U U 
76'4 ■ 
IS 4 . 
A' , 
U H * 

 u h 
11-, 
TO’ * 
7J+* 
TTH 
WU 
IAH 
HS 
15' 1 

H exnrd 
I 12 
Penn pf T SO 
Pean />f I ta 
R eynln 
I TI 
A 
R e yin pf? 75 
R e, M el I 2o 
A 
R e»M pf4 JO 
Rey6* pl2 17 
Reyn Se 
4b. 
7 
Rn hat d+n I 
8 
R ichM er 
>o I? 
R tchm nd #o 
A 
H U R ie g elT I Kl 
5 
I i 
R ig o r an 
7o 
I 
A' / Rte,Or pf 8o 
D V R ite A id 
I i I? iou I 
IJ H R oo*baw I IO 
A UA 
?f 
Rote fan I SO 
A 
ITI 
A” ; oObitit 
28a 
IO 1447 
IS / RexhO I /Mb IO 
IT) 

1 
5 
IHA 
24 
844 
33 
2 
711 
IU 
416 
742 
141 
143 
It 

I H 

I t ’ * 
AU 
44”. io n 
34' 1 
DOU 
51 
67 H 
79 
4o' a 
IS 
4o”, 
W U u 
263a 
2 IH 
TOU 
T IU 
'JI I H 
IS H 
IV , 
W U 
IAH 

69' / 
A / 
STH 
4' 4 
W H 
4 H 
19'. 
TSU 
IOU 
75 H 
59 V 
IAH ll’ . 
U H 
TOV 
IAU 
A 
37' I 
A1 
18 
33 
24 4. 
26+* 

I J H 
IA U 
TSH 
AV 
41 
IO 
ITH 
Ab 
48 V t i 
IV * 
U H 
84 
4o' I 
I I H 
W H 
25+• 
TIU 
IAU 
JOU 
W U 
IAH 
72'4 

Ab1 / 
U U . 
JU 
12 t 
T i” ) t 
IV 8 t 
AU 
J3‘ ) t 
92' > t 
TO 
4 
JAH t 
TAU + 
77+8 + 
ZU t 
IV ; + 
2 
. 
W U + 
JJU + 
IA H * 
26+. t 
AH + 
AAH 3 io n t 
34+1 F 
A H U t 
SI t 
A7H + 
/A r 
AO 
♦ 
84 t 
AO’ » 
H U * 
IJ 
+ 
25+4 * 
J I' ) ♦ 
JOH t 
21 
— 
I) 
U H t 
7 )'* * 
75 V * 
I? 
♦ 

TU 
I a 
IU 

IOT 
BochG p ill 
/TTO HA 
IU 
IU 
I 
WU 
Rnm I ai 
88, 
A 
4o) i i 1) 
14' > 
I i ” ) 4 
*4 
VH RCKknwr la 
6 
454 i i 
IO H w 
. 
IU 
23 u 
Roc k w Int I 
• 
BIO 
JI 
IO 4 i i i +4 « t . 
RF in t p44 Ti 
4 
77 
Ti' ; 
TS' t 
V I 
7o+a R k ln t p i I i i 
28 
77’ 1 
TTH l l ' 4 + i i ' , Rohm 41 FTA 
2o 
IBA 
4|>, i i 
48 
I J 
4 
Hr,lr Ind 
1*1 
A * a 
AU 
' 8 
AS 
Puffins 
M 
14 
AIS 
TAU 
72 
24' • • 
TH 
SH Mon son Cp 
153 
4 
JU 
4 
4 
16' * Rop**’ 
I AO 
I 
89 
J IM 
I i . 
73' > 4 
V 
1/ 
I* OM, A 
94 IO 1575 re 
I8U 
19’ } t 
A, 
IAU R o to r to 
Abt/ 
<o*251 
I JU i i 
22' 1 4 
H 
I I H 
Rowan re 
4 
AU 
78' 1 
JZV 
TBV * 
14', 
WftyC Col 
*o 
9 l i t 
W H 
16+8 
IT H * 
IU 
A U . Roy!I? 
Sin* 
5 2544 
STV i i ”. 
STH * 
I ”. 
4 H Royl m g 
JIM IO »57 
U U 
U H 
IIM 
IT 1 R uobrm 
48 14 
I i i 
I I H 
24+8 
JAH 
Va 
IAU 
Rocker 
2*e 
* 
24ft) 
S IH 
JI ”, l f 
4 
U 
9H 
Russ Uni ta 
I • I i i 
( I V 
WM 
U H * 
9 
RyO*’ iy s 
Ova 
9 WJ3I4+* 
IJ H 
14 V • 
IU 

T V * 
I ti 
+8 
I i * a 
8 
H 
59 
35 
H 
SU 
-. 
SOU 
19 t i 
I 

, tv 4 
It 
- 1 
4 Va 
23 
• * 
IIU 
11 
H 
SO 1 u 

S — T — I i) 
471 
5CA iv 
SC MC p 
'jO S O '.i rn 
8 
Satj.beO 
I 
4 
U ngcibi o6# 
A atew ay j re IO 
*.aga Cp 
TM 
I 
'.I ktM it) t IO l l 
•1 tot IP I 12 IT y tL ia F 
7 5ft H) 

.IA I 
U i i> ; 
JU 
848 

Sit y k r y P I AX 

SI 
■ 
SIU t i 
91 1 

 t i ' * < 
M H < 
B S V ' m u < i m aa 
1 

IA H I iou. 
34” , . 
47 , 1 
IA U < 
IX t . l l ' ) . 
U H * 

IA H 
J IH * 
H H • 

 ti' 5o 
V a n fi 
’ .r u t Iii*1 
Hi 
'.an! RI Est 
5# * + Stop 
J1 
•e«o < Or 
» 
1 
Va* i IP 
AV a ru i A I 14 
Say f t e ft 28 
1 a ; in BM toe 

7’ * 
T IU 
ISH 

 f t '4 
42 l l -1 
41+4 
I ) '* 

W H 
U * 
I U lo* I 
JAH 
IOU 
A i t 
U 't 
4+8 
IH 
7 
IO a 

55 
IJ H 
1ox4o7 IV ; 

SAO 
IO? tiv 
TM 
A 
VAA 
5, IAI 
IO I ZOA 
/.AOA 
I 
>68 
I t i * 
V 
Alb 
29 

 rn 
AOI 
?/? ire 
JO? 

ISH 
7o 
A T U 
'.ore1 
I Lad 

 cl 
IO 
A /1 
CP 
IS I 
1 16 i i i * to IO IAIA 
I JO 2o1)48 ay. 
ZI 
BO 
5 
I i i 
JZJ 

I VVA 
M 
AU 
41 
H U 
41'* 
IJ H 
Al 
W U 
IT' ■ 

VH 
38 H 
IO' / 
41 4 
W U 
4 't 
IH 
AH 

 ii- i'll 
A t 
4 V . 
14' I 
9 I Vti': 

IH 
I I H 
15*8 ♦ 
S J H . i 
SO 8 I 
I I H * 
AU* * 
U H ' 
4V 1 t l l 

 u s : 
IT I, * 
H U 
8 -;« 
IO' / . 
JA* , . t o n . i i * * i i 
• 
AU 
JH ■ 
I 
+ 
IO 
♦ 
14’ . • 
U H 
I I H * 
AU > 
TV* * 
AXU + 
I t ’ * r 
H H . t i ' t i 
U h * 

IS H 
IAU O afrg in d to 
S 

I * - i f 

*1 

- K 

I n l f # 

9 '* 
SN P N B M R 
Ae re 
M i iH i t I 
V P G IX ) 
7 rn 
* 
* ’ * bf I 
U * 
VU 
5 ', 
PSA ne 
491 t if* 
U U l f ' I 
P et AN 
J A 
>*4 u 
JA * re 
P a l o e 
I AM 
9 l i t * t v * 
W H 
W U 
U H 
Pac c g 
< AM a 
AU 
W H l f I. 
?4u Pac I rn 
I AC Ik 
U t 
J*H 
Hi 

Sc'ofPh iI IO 
9 
H'41 
14 V# 
24 
V & H f'Q r 
*4 
I 
44/ f t ' 
I i in off Pap to JQH 
?o'# 
TOH 
Scoff 1% 
IO 14 rn* 
♦ H i v i 1 tM OWM (MfV 1 IO on n 
TOH f i n 
JcovM ft* i i 
Sl*» 
51 +. i? ‘ » 
V uODoo-/♦ 
M n y*4 lift 
I ”, lie 
?4 y t H 
• lh m 
ISH 
24”* 
TSH i« M C t i 
4 tm 
H 
JJU 
34 
W 
$41 
J fa 
J *; 
J' j- t 
HO 
TTH 
2 3'; bmmry 
# t » 
4 U 
Z U 
Mb 
14 
14 * 
<« 

IU 
7U 

TO’ 1 M a rie , r n M g rr iq i 
M U 6 6 ,th 66cL J IT 
I* , M a rtb F I PA I ) 

 lire 
US 
UTO s?'{nt 
S t U 1431 

W U 

IO *K: 
TH 
4oH 
_ xxv. 
43 
U H 
W 
STV 
S ib. 
IA H 

 i i 
W H 
AU 
* • 
I I H 
U H 
TH 
M H 
H 

-A 
IO”. 
U U 
SAU 
U H 

.1 ! 
8 2 

 u h 

34 
I I H + 
J H + 
TSH + 
J IH n u 
TH e 

H H * 
ADH . 
S '* + 
7 1 ', » 
I V + 
5 
A* 1 + 
9 
I * * , ♦ 
U U r i i 
- 
IJH - 
IU * 
9+. * 
IA U * 

 b u : r e v + 
AA 
- 
IJ H + 

UA* + I 
IO U + v, 
1448+ 
M 
IK **• 
SAU - I n u * l u ­ 

 l l 1. 
JA . 
IIH l l 
AH 
WU 
IT V 
ICH i v 
TH 
48 
H U i i u 

 i t : : 
H H 
IAU 
J IH 
JJU 
42 
TSH 
IT t 
SJV 
54 1 
AA ; 
Ai 1 

 ire 
VI 

45 
94 
IOU 
* ' • 
IT V 
JZVVA 
IT 

76 
SOH 
28 
J IH 
ASH l l 

P ac P eru ar 
Par R e 
18ft 
Par T T 
I ab 
Pac T T pf A 
I U Pac Tm 
■ 
SH PAine 6/ 
SS* 
IJ H PaiW pf I JO 
AU P alm B t 
5o 
J U Pam .da 
AU Pan A ff 
TAH Pan I P 

A 
UT 
IO UoA 
9 
IIT 
’lf 
JA* 

Air 
J 3o 
I 
P a p a r t a tt. 
J 
J IH P a rg a ttn t I l f 
IT ', P a rk rD r to# 8 
J IH Par Hart t re 
9 
U U P arkP an 
48 
9 lh* P a trk P I ISI 14 l l ' t Pa ct w w 
4o 
9 
IAH Peago.fr ta l l 
4” , Pan Dix 
UU 
ATU p*nn»y 
I 28 ta 
AAU P ace pf AA? 
Mn# P a P w l* I to 
9 
U H PaPL pf4 Ab 
AT 
PaPL pf 4 SO H 
IT 
P aP L p f l All 
. Pe P l 
AA . P .P i 
o2 I Pe Pl 
UT- / PaPL 
II 
Pe Pi 
12 
F o.P 1 
JA”. P w 

HAI 
1123 
6*48 

 f t 
SO* sot t i 
2o5 
SAA 
224 
2a9 
‘ MV 
' i i i 
*4 

71U 
T A U i i ”. 
I t 
AH 
I U 
U H 
IO** 
AU 
SH 
4* 
U . 
IT 
W ” » 
U H 
IA U nu 
?t . 
T I”, 

 i i : 
TV , 
72' , 
53V 

 p fl xb pf# 24 
I pf t i 
I H i ] pf 
I p f* Hi tilt 1 to 

 vs 

AV . Pan w i pf? sn 
ZI pen ad iii 1 4o 
W H P enn.gl ( « 
»o TP 
45' . Padf)/ p fl t i 
TA 
Perm ; p'B a 
V t Pent,Chg 
JO 
3 4 4 . nwup. 
J # 4 
J « ) 

AAV 
(A5b 
/ UTO 
UTO 
/ir e 
/A ire 1o* i m iw 
/ 4/o ire 
/ir e re 
/are re 
UA ti 
I 
*9 

I U 
U H 
I U 
A1 ) 
AH 
44” ; 
U U 
16”. 
JOH 
M U 
U h l& U 
IA H 
22 # 
AU 
S IH 
TIU 
TI U i t 
■ n 
94 I 
1o5 / 
IU 
U T ? 
♦T‘ 

38H< 
Tx * 1 
•I l l 
• 
9 *1 ' 
I I 
IX’ 8 • 
1o 8 ' 
XU I 
5 
I 
ATU ' nu. nu 
11 
- 

I I H ' 
TI 
- 
72’ # . 
SU < 
S IU 1 
T V . < l l * < 
SJH ' i i I • 
98 i 
AXU ' 
>o4't ' 
I IT H ' i i i 
■ i i ' 
99 i 

.‘ UA nr 

S h y o m i 
S ii. n p r i 
IX' epa! 1 

I 
H 
I U 

ATU 
V a 
T i11 
J I'-, 
28 
ASH 
78 ire 1 
WU 

ISM Cr! pf I ii fine, p fl AO iM flG t pf J 
V ar wk; J JO I ) 
SJH shyyy pf 4 AO 
A H S iarrP ac 
1 
I 
IS H I .grtat 
I lb I) i i 
Signal pf 
1 
Sa 
Signal pf I » 
32 
Signed# I TO 1} 
I t im Pi 
ITH timrn 
I I H Jim pP at 
5o t i 
I U S" gar Co ICI* 
JA I ilts g r pf J re 
19+t W A H I 
SU l l 
AA i t a lly 
I Aba I i 
COPP 
I 

14 a 
Me l l 

* Sky 

JU 
/TAO 
SOA 
AW ll l f 
1)1 
JIA 
IOT 

82 
BTO 
1o4 

IAH 
49 
Al 
TOU 
U H 
TS” ? 
U H i f to 
AH 
IA H 

U H 
I V . 
ISH 

19 

I IDV 
38 

TA' 4 
14 * 

AH 

♦ U n tie * 
I t i UT’ 
U U P a r*E lm 32 
19 *<9 
O U Pattee 
I o3 
9 
1o1 
U ’ a P ftfn c pf rn 
I? 
I I H Pat inc p f I 
4 
1o+* Pafar Pl 
8oe to 
IM 
AJ' , Pan . . i t I ab IT 
UA 
IAH P a tro l*., 
I I 
I 
AO) 
A?', P atrol p ft IT 
4 
JOU PM rtm I ton i t 
K H H i Mr l l W 2927 
)4 U PhafpD 
J JO 14 
721 
UA* P n .ia E i I 44 IO U T I 

AAM A i , 
TAH l l 1 
JIH 
IT 
IT l l 
TA 

■o: 

M U 
A IU l l 

IS' > 
J IN 
AI / 
94 
CU 
AA 
TTH 
JO 
JI 
H U 
IAH 
U H 
74' 1 n u 
«9U 
JZH 

 n u 
IT 

BH 
A IV . 
H U 1 l l r 
I I H 
IT 
■ 
IT 
A 
U 
A 
ZIV, + 
TSH * sou - 
28 
A 
JA H . 
A IU < 
IT H 1 

 fb i 
TH 

TH 
) 

I I H 
ATU 
AH 
A . 
AO 1 
J IH 

V>Nfne. f Bi i c N . f i , / ' j 
9 
None p i* ai 
SouPae 
2 ta a 
Soupy 
2 12 IO fu u R ; pf 
SO f e y * * p f6 I 
Sour,Co I ta 
I 

I IT 
TU 
79+ 

1 ae wa ;c* 
Abt. 
II 
SAJ IV 
I J7f I 111 
I 
I a i 
7.2-TAJ TI' 
1 aa re A W la 
H 
I 

7 TU 
Mf 
IJ H 
KT 1 n u 

^WH 

 t v ! 

 u t 
M U 
A a 
19 
IAH 
U H 
AO+4 
M u 
IOO 
V i 
I I H 
H H 
IT' , 
TAH 
U H 
•MU 

I 
« 
JA' j r 
IT H » 

I I H A 
TU 
19 
+ 
AU . 
& 
U +* ♦ 
TTH * 
19 
+ 
«9 
* 
4) 
+ 
TOU t 
14 
+ 
JA 
* 
|4 U T 

AO 
+ 

 i t ; + 
T*: 

IIH 
< (H + 

TA H * 
U H • 
11+,+ 
W 
• 
J U + 

4 /i 
& 
I Mi/ 
145 
1o9 
A 
IA I 
Southing 
SCX1 1) 498 

ATV 
AH 

14 
I i 
IOC. 
4* < 
T I*. 

 f t u 
M U 
JJU 
U N 
IAU 
41 
4”* 

VA: 
I t u t 
54' 
39‘ a + 
S iU r 
W a * to 
+ 
♦ M r li;: a . 

I g n u n u e d o n P a g e i c 

 r 

' 
^ i | 

C 
« n i p l « t e n a t i o n w i d e c o m p o s i t e p r i c e s 

 s t o c k s 

E x c l u s i v e 
I n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

A 
B 
C 
.aE W Y O R K ( A o i 
T ra d ing for fhc week rn A m erican 
S tork Exchange issues 
Y oorty 
Salat 
N et 
High la w 
(K dt | High la w la it Chg 

SH 
8’ > 
14", 
OU 
9 
12’ * 
I Vt 
16i« 
13'* 
8% 
3 
2% 
8Vt 

4 
ABE p i ast P 
J 
A ARCp 
3o 
4% A A V C o s .32 
6 % A P S In c 
25 
8'* A SP RO 
5< 
% A T I 
Inc 
8 
A vCCp 

4 
IOO 
8 
74 
4 *58 

 s h 
11*4 
SMI 

5% l l 
5'4 
11>k + 
5 '* + 

4o 
454 A VX C p 
2Se 

1 
Acm e Ham l 
V * Acm e 
Prec 
4% A d io n 
24 
I '* ActonCp 
2 
Adam RussI 
9'1) AdobeOil 
16 
I 
Aegis Corp 
4% Aero PIO 
15e 
I ' * Aer once inc 
| 4 A ffilC a p lOe 
I 14 A M ilC a p w t 
4% A ffitH sp 
24 
6% A tf ii Pub 
48 
3% A fte r Six 
2o 
4'4 A lan Wood 
4*4 Alaska A irl 
J '* A lbflW fl 
o5e 
5 >4 Al col ac 
32e e n AllegC p wf 
4% A lleghy A irl 
IS* A llegA wtO ju t AHegA w tN 
2o% A llegA pfC 3 
5 
A llien T 
3«e 
% A tld A rt 
Ind 
13% Add T hrm 88 
2% 
I 
A lpha Ind 
6"? 
3% A ltarnll toe 
2 l l 16 A ltec 
C orp 
IS 16 3 16 Al tee Cp w t 
7% 
4 
A ltecC rp pf 
8% A lterF ds 
5o 12 
43'* Alcoa pf3 75 
7% AM AX wt 
I '* Am Agroncs 
6 
Am B id ri 
5o 
IS14 A m B rd wt 
AU Am Bus P 
26 IO 
I 16 A C e nM tg wt 
5 
A Control 
44a 
1 
I 
Am Fletch 
5 16 I 16 Am P itc h w t l l ' * 
$"? A Gar Pd 
34 
AU 
3% A m in i 
Plot 
3 
4’ * 
2 
A Israel 
H r 6 
7 '* A M e ile A 4o 
5 
7 '* A M aizeB 4o 
5 
36 
Am M f 
2 8oe i 
3% A m M ot Inns 17 
28'* Am P etrol 
2 2o 81o7 
4% A Precs 
28a 
6 .47 
3 'x A SalE q l i t 
3 
166 
7’ a Am SciE o4e 15 
276 

SH 
14 ‘ a 
2 
9' j 
3 ", 
3 *. 
% 
91 > 
1o% 
6'4 
16% 
6% 
3% 
9% 
IO 
7' a 
3% v * 
26' 7 
8% 
2 

14' 
49 
14 * a 
4% 
8 ' 7 
18’ 4 
1o% 

7' 
4% 

8 x69 
9 
7% 
8% + 
1% 
6 x34 
11% 
1o% 
11% + 
% 
12113 1611 IB11 IB— 
U 
3 
79 
9 " , 
8% 
9' ? + n 
8 
Al 
11% 
11 Va 
11% + 
% 
12 
16 
AV* 
6 
6 ", 
114 
IU 
I 
1U + 
" , 
5 
27 
2'a 
2U 
2 Va 
6 
83 
7% 
7' 1 
7% + u l l 
293 
3% 
3 
3% + 
" , 
8 
76 
3% 
3% 
3% + n 
21 
598 
14% 
13 
13% + 
% 
7 
7oo 
1% 
IU 
1% + n 
5 
18 
9 ', 
8% 
9 H + 
'/. 
14? 
J 
I"? 
Ha 
4 sa 
3% 
3"? 
3' ?— n 
4o 5 16 5 16 5 1 6 - 
16 
6 
29 
8% 
8 
8 
- 
"a 
6 
46 
1o% 
IO". 
1o% + 
Va 
5 
71 
6 
5 ", 
6 
+ 
' » 
73 
8'k 
7 
7 'k - 
% 
J 
216 
5'k 
4% 
5 
- n 
Ii 
9o 
2' a 
Ha 
2 n + 
% 
6 
48 
6% 
A ', 
6'/?— n 
45 
9'k s n 
8%— 
% 
9 
553 
5 
4 % 
5 
+ 
U 
12 
2% 
2 
2 
64 
I 
% 
1 t 
'a 
4 
75 "a 
25 
2 5 ",+ 
'/. 
4 
16 
5 U 
SU 
5' a 
644 
I " , 
% 
I 
+ ", 
6 
3 
IS 
14% 
14%— 
'a 
I 
52 
2 "a 
2 
?"* + 
U 
5 
116 
A1 ? 
6 
6 ',+ 
' ? 
4o215 1613 1415 16 ) 
16 
175 5 16 J 16 
U + 
16 
3 
5 
4% 
5 
+ 
Va 

16% 
15 '4 s i' 7 
6' 7 
34 
9 
7% 
15% 

537 
*65o 
3o8 
85 
6 x53 
4o2 
42 
94 
45 
3o5 
8o 
462 
39 
147 
35o 
78 
*8 
167 

14% 
47’ a 
12% 
2 
7% 
18% 
8% 
' a r * 
I '* 
'1 
6' a 
4 a 
2% 
1o% 
1o% 
5o% 
5% 
34 
8% 
5%'- 
1o% 

IO1 
47% 
1o% 
1% 
7 
18 
7% 
I 16 
6% 
1% 

13% * 3% 
47V* 
17 
12% f 2'a 
2 
4 
% 
77/4 * 
% 
18% * 
% 
7% t- 
’ a a 4 I 16 
7 Va 
1% 4 

4'a 
2% Am Tee 
1$e 27 
37 
4 
3% 
12'* 
18% 
8% A m U bS 82e 
9 
A M IC Corp o5e si 
1? 
8155 18% 
11% 
17 V. 
5'? 
2 
AndreR 
o7 j 14 
26 
2% 
2% 
2% 
J 
AngloC 
U p 
6 
HO 
2 ? 
J 'a 
7% 
3' ? A nto n 
2o 
7 
64 
7% 
7'k 
9 
4% Anthony 
I9t 
5 
12o 
8 
7% 
5% 
I"? Appl id Data 
8 
Apio De ? 
91 
5% 
4% 
4 '* 
I " , 
289 
3' a 
3 
24’ ? 
14 
AquitCa 
3o 1? 
132 
17% 
17 
I' a 
3% A ri/C L lOe 14 
258 
5% 
5 
6' 1 
4% Ar<CDI pf 48 
44 
6' I 
5% 
18' ? 
5 '. 
A rm inC p 
12 
4 
652 
TU 
6% 
5% 
3'a A rro w Elect 19 
7o 
4% e n 
6' x 
4 
A ru n d e l 
118 
6' a 
5 Va 
16'a 
7% A sam era 
25 l l 
1712 
11% 
1o% 
17 'n 
8’ a AshlOC 
2oa 
9 
59 
IO Va io n 
7% 
% AsKin iv e 
45 l ' k 15 16 
4% 
?' a A s tre , inc toe 
8 4o 
4% 
4% 
6'a 
3% A ta la n ta 
2oe 2 
48 
4% 
4% 
I ' I 
'a 
A lco tnd 
1oo13 1611 16 
11 a 
(4 A tic o M tg w t 
A tla s C M B o8e 
61 
% 5 16 
4 'a 
3 
8375 
4 
3% 

I I 16 I 16 
5% 
6 
3% 
4% < 
2% 
2% 1 
9% 
1o%- 
9'a 
IO1 a - 
48% 
49% 
4% 
5' 7 . 
32% 
34 
- 
7% 
8% < 
^ 5 
5% I i i 

8% 
6% A tlasC p wt 
18% 
11% A ugatlnc 
3o 15 
15% 
11% A ustral O il 
19 ll a 
5% A utoTrn 
7ot 
5% 
2% Auto Bldg 
7 
9% 
2% A utm at Rad 
3 
44% 
36% AutoSw 
88 12 
4 
2 
A VEM C 
2o 
6 
27' 7 
17' 7 Avondal I 2o IO 
8% 
3% Aydin 
Cp 
9 
1% 9 16 B R T RI 
3oe 
3 16 I 32 BR TRH w t 
2% 
I % BTU Eng 
6 
B adgrM t 
SO 
8 
4 
Baker M 
1oe 
7 
9% Bal dor El 
24 
6 
5 
BaldwS 
32a 
12% B anFd I I Se 
% B an g P u n w t 
6% B anistrC tl 
2oe 
3% Banner 
o8 
6 
I 1 a B arclay 
o4 
IS 
2% BarcoCa 
12 
7 
!% Barnes Eng 
6% B arnw l lie 28 
4% B a rry R 
o9e 
6 
5% B a rry W r 
44 
8 
7% B arth Sp 
2o 13 
1% B artons Cdy 
1% Baruch Post 
I 
B arw ick ET 
I 
B ehind 
o8A 
5 
1% Bel set R 
o6t 
6 
% B enS tM g w t 
2% Benrus 
Crp 
6 
2’ a Berg 
Ent 
33 
4% Bern Bruns 
8 
12 
BrgB p l I 15 
1% B ern/O m a 
4 
Bertea 
14 
9 
3 
Ber yen C 
o6 94 
2% BethCp toe 
1% B eve rly Ent 

IO 
6' a 
13 
7% 
18% 
1% 
11% 
5% 
3 
3Sa 
5% 

11% 
4% 
3% 
2% 
3% 
5% 
2% 

17% 

UH 
85 
326 
151 
159 
229 
«6 
136 
275 
144 

8' I 
14% 
15' 7 
6% 
5% 
5% 
4o 

6% 
13% 
14% 
6 
5 
4 >4 
39’ 7 
3% 
21 
J 
Va 

5 16 
3% 

14* 

5 
- 
% 
5% 4 
% 
39% - 
% 
3% 4 
% 
27% 4 6% 
7V* 
% * I 16 
15o I 16 I 32 I 16 * I 32 
2 
8% 

7' 
18% 
6215 16 
4714 1o% 

1% 
8 
4% 
1o% 
6% 
17 

 l l 
8% - 
4% 
11% - 
7% - 
17%- 
*»1S 16 4 I 16 

14' 

18' 7 
6% l l 
9% 
1o% 
29% 
15% 
14% 
5% 
13% 
14% 
72 
?• 7 
18% 

22o 
91 
52 
38 
83 ai 
74 
163 
21o 
58 
46 
18o 
36 
6o 
29* 
57 
4o7 
1o4 
83 
63 
788 
41 
411 
TO* 
Bic Pen 
36 
9 
2o‘ 
4% BiqDad 
3oi 
7 
77 
4% BigVSup 
26 
4 
17 l l 
B in k M t la 7 xSO ll'a Binny im 
8o 
7 
74 
4' 1 Blessnq 
3o 
6 
42 
8' 7 Blount 
3o 
5 
3o 
4% Bodm Ap to 21 
IS* 
* ' I BOM Ber 
IO 
74 
15 
B ow V all 
IO 187 469 
9' 7 Bowne 
3oh 
6 
41 
6% B radtdN 
2o IO 
347 
2% B ranch 
2o 
5 
41 
7% Br a n il Ar wt 
32 
9% Br ast an A I 3x646 
TS 
BraunE n 
8o 
6 
29 
45 
763 

5% 
2% 
3% 
3% 
8' a 
5% l l 
3% 
1% 
1% 

7 
5 16 
3% 
3 
6 
14% 
7*4 
5% 
3% 
3% 
3 
13% 
5 
7% 

 a1 
5% 
1% 
3 
3% 
7% 
4% 
1o% 
3% 
1% 
1% 

1% 

3% 
7% 
5% 
13% r 1 
5% 
3% 
3 
7% 
17% 

2% Breeze Corp 
9% Br ewer C 

7% 
15% 
15% 
5% 
9% 
4% 
6% 
2o% 
1o% 
8% 
4% 
4% 
9% 
8% 
11% l l ' * 
71% 
71% 
5% 
5 
IO * 
9% 
3% 
2% 

16% 
6' a 
IO 
5 
7% 
77% 
11% 
9% 

94* + 
5% + 
2'-a f 
3% 
J U 
8 'a I 
5 
♦ 
1o% 
3% i 
1% 
1% . 
2% * 
4' 1 
7 
* 
5 32 
3 
3' 7 P 
3 
* 
6 
4 
14*4 . 
7' 7 
5% 
3% t 
3 
- 
3 
13% * 
5 
* 
7 '* + 
IS H ) 
16% ♦ 
6% 4 
9% I 
4% ♦ 
7 % ) 
71% t 
1o'%-- 
9 
4 
4% . 
9% 4 
11% 4 
21% 4 
5 
- 
1o% 4 
1% 4 

Yoorfy 
High la w 
Soles 
N et 
(bds.) High la w lo a f Chg. 

3% 
14% 
4% 
IS 
15% 
5% 
5 '* 
12% 
5 
5*4 
14% 
12 
17% 
72' 7 
2% 
9% 
7 

24 
2 
B rody Seat 
17 
8% BrooksP .4o 
5 
41 
2% Brown Co wt 
141 
11 Va B m P A 
6o 
IO 
26 
» % B rnFB 
6o 
IO 153o 
75 
434 
29 
46 
129 
5126 
769 
65 
731 
33 
27 

4% Br w op pf 4o 
2 
Bushier 
Cp 
8 
6% Buell Ind 
4ob 5 
3 
Buildex Inc 
6 
2% Burgess Ind 
5 
11% Burm gPd 
87e 
8% B um slnt 
6o 
8 
8% B utler Int 
SO 
5 
8% CKPet 
Toe 15 
I 
CDI 
Corp 
6% CHB Food 
3 
4% CHOCO o8r 
6 x75 
I 16 C l M fg w t 
A 
2% CM I Corp 
I ’ * C M TIn Inc 
6 
CRSDes 
1$ 
6% CSECp 
.52 
6% CW Tran 
SO 
4% Cablcom Go 
3 
CagleA 
15 
12% Caidor 
3% Calcomp 
2' ? C aiLife 
1o% Cal P rtC m 
I 
5 
Cameo Inc 
413 16711 !6C aC hbA 
25e 
6% 
2% CdnExp QSe 12 
7%4I1 16Cdn 
Horns! d 
16 
1o% 
5% CdnH ydr 
25 
7 
14 
Cd In P A I 5o 
6 
3% C d n M a rc 2o1o 1o6 
5% Cdn M e rrill 
13 
26 
9% CdnOcci 
SO 7 
IO 
36 
Con SuprO il 
IO 
67 
% C apetian 
Cp 
11o 
I '* C apital Res 
69 
2% C apitlP d 
2o 5 
23 
Carbon 
8oa 16 

2 '* 
IO '* 
2 '* 
14% 
14% 
5% 
S '* 
12% 
4 
3% 
14% 
1o% 
9% 
22 >7 
1% 
7 
6% 

4% 
3% 
9% 
12% l l 
9 
6% 
14% 
6% 
3% 
16% 
8% 

16% 
6 
13% 
17% 
48% 
3% 
3% 

293 
234 
2% 

2% 
IO 
2% 
14% 
13’* 
4% 
4 '* 
11'/a 
3% 
3% 
13% 
9% 
9% 
2o% 
1% 
6% 
A H 

2% + 
IOU— 
V S S 
14% + 
14'* + 
5% + 
4% + 
12% + 

2 
7 l l ’* l l 
6% 
3% 
14'* 
4 '* 
3% 
16 
6 '* 

3% + 
14%+ I 
1o 
+ 
9% + 
22’ * + I 
1% + 
AV*— 
6 % — 
I 16 3 32 
V t 
2% + 
2 
+ 
6 V a­ i l ' * + 
11 
+ 
6% + 
3% + 
13%— 

I 
6% 
11% 
IO3* 
5% 
3’* 
13% 

47131 16 
337 
6% 

3% 
15% 
6% 

4 '* + 

46 
8% 
8o% 
15% 
6o' 7 
5% 
22% 
18% 
7% 
12' 1 
7% 
41% 
SO 
6% 
22 
3’ a 
13% 
23% 
7% 
1% 
7% 
5% 
6% 
7 

22o 
IO 
155 

4% C a re s s * 3o 5x354 

25 
17% 
18% 
3' 7 
6' 7 
2% 
IO' » 
9 
9 % 
3% 
1o% 
4'a l l ' I 
9 
17* 

19 
4% 

47' a 
3% 
13% 
17 

64 
C a rn al I 4oa 
I I H C aroPipl lb 
S3 
C aro P L p f 5 
2 
Camois Dev 
14% CastleAM I 
6 
13'* CasFd I 2oa 
1% Castleton In 
8 
8% C a vitrn toe 
9 
% C ebuC rsft 
6 
34 'a CenM pl3 5o 
44 
CenPLpf 
4 
4% CentSec 
4oe 
14% CenS p it 25 
2 
Century Pac 
9 
4 
C envlll 
+5e 
18% CerM pt2 25 
1% C ertified Cp 
"a Certron Cp 
1% Cetec Corp 
9 
3% O ia d M ih 
4o 
7 
3 
Cham p Horn 
3' 7 C hartr Med 
7 
2% Chem Exp 
5 
15% C hiR ivt I 6oa 
I 
8% Chieftn Dev l l 
11% Child W orld 
8 
11 a C hristiana lOe 
4% Cinema PIV l l 
I % C in e ra m a 
5% c im e x 
6o 
8 
4% C itation 
4ob 
7% CityG sFI 
68 
5 
1% C la rke lOe 
6 
6'a Clarkson 
2o 
6 
3% Clarostat 
6 
7 
Clausing 
64 
8 
4% C lo p */ 
17c 
6 
17% Coachmn 
7 
1%I5 16 Cohen 
H attd 
4 
3% 
2 
Cohulnc 
ITI 2o 
17% Coleman 
68 
9 
7' .• Colon Coml 
3% ColwellC 
32 
6 
I 16 C o lw M tq wt 
31% Cominco 
2 
14 
IS* Corn G rp 
14 
8% Com Al I 
3oa 
7 
1o% Com MU 
6ob IO 
3% C om odrlnt 
6 
6% CoPsycC 2oa 

15 
38o 
8 
47 
*13oo 
125 

 ll 
2o 
5% 
6' 7 
7% 
3 
S' 
13% 
16% 
1o% 
4% l l ' t 
5% 
13% 
1o% 
9% 
I'J 
1% 
25% 
15% 
5' 7 

IP a 
3% 
4 's 

16% ComPS 
I 62 
2' 7 Compar 
Cp 
4 
Compo Ind 
1% CompuDyn l l 16 C o m p o ' in s t 

12' 7 
14% 
14% 
13% 
SH 

4% 
S' a 
8% 
TS' 7 
14% 
I ' 7 
7% 
7% 
16 
9 
1o% 
2o J 

% Compot Inv 
6% Conchem 
SO 
5 
4’ a Concrd Fab 
3 
5% Conder Crp 
3 
3% Com fily Con 
V 
8' 7 Conroek 
4o 
7 
2% Conroy lOe .7 
6% ConOil 
Gas 
12 
7% ConsRef 
4o 
9 
3' 7 Consyne Cp 
14 
% Cont M a te r l l 
% Cont Tel wt 
14’ * Cook ind 
4o 
IO 193 17% 
11% CookPV 4oa 
7 
69 15% 
2' 7 Cooper Jar lOe 5 44 4% 
7% Cordon 
In tl 
13 
331 3 U ' 
9 
Core Labs lOe 
9 58 
16' a 
IO1? Corance 
8o 
IO 11% 
6% Cornelius 4o 
IO 
43 11% 
19 a C orr Blk I 4o 
IO 
32 27'a 
I % COSCO Inc 
6 2% 
1% Coit Corp 
83 
3o V t 
% Coft Corp w t 
39 
% 
'■ C ousins wt 
86 3 16 
13 
Cox Chi Com 18 
81 
17% 
3% C ra m rE l i t 4oo 124 
4% 
1% Crest Foam 
I* 
1% 
12 
C rom pton 
5oe 6 17 
17% 
3o 
C ross* T 
I 2o l l 145 
41 % 
6% C row lM 5oa 4o 
14 
7% 
IS' 1 Lw nC Pt 
M r 
4 
1.5o 
32% 
5' 1 C ro w n e r 
6 
123 
7 
4 
C row ntn 
2o l l 
34 
4% 
5% C ru tc R 
36 17x579 
17% 
7% CryStlO 
4oe 
699 14% 
6% CufaitCp 
28 
6 
76 
13% 
11% C urticeB OO 
5 
93 
*3% 
I * C urt.sM at 
I Se 
7 78 
5% 

D 
E 
F 
6 
161 
% 

36 
118 
159 
14o zl2o 
Z25 
1o6 
Z25 
29 
93 
278 
97 
331 
141 
19 
58o9 
419 
23 
I 
25 
IOO 
116 
6156 
35 
113 
935 
72 
17 
IS 
62 
33 
23 
25 
596 
172 
75 
316 
342 
132 
66 
15 
86 
118 
68 
37 
’ 
84 
45 
1o8 
38 
236 
56 
73 x6S 
186 
2o4 
IO 
IO 
38 
775 
27 
2oo 
278 
249 
193 
*9 
5 44 
331 
9 58 
IO 
43 
37 
6 
3o 
39 
86 
81 

6% 
7 '* 
16% 
4 
13% 
15% 
4o% 
2 
2% 
3% 
46 
5% 
78% 
13% 
58% 
4% 
17% 
18% 
1% 
9% 
2 
4o% 
5o 
6' a 
19% 
2% 
13% 
23% 
V t 
Vi 
I '* 
5% 
4 
7 
3% 
25 
IO' i 
U H 
3% 
41* 
I '* 
1o% 
9 
9% 
2% 
9% 
4 
11% 
7% 
17% 
1% 
2% 
16% 
3% 
8 
'* 
36' J 
2% 
IO' ? 
12% 
5% 
1o% 
19% 
5 
47* 
1% 
1% 
1% 
1o% 
6% 
9% 
4% 
1o% 
4% 
1o% 
8 
9 >4 

3% + 
IS H — 
_ - 
6% . . . . . 
27*215 16+ % 
6% 
6% .......... 
6% 
6 % .......... 
7% 
7 '* + 
% 
16% 1 *% + 
Va 
3 '*31 5 16+7 16 
12% 
1 3 '*+ 
% 

4o% + '' 7* 
I H — 
% 
2 
- 
% 
V t + 
% 
457*+ 57* 

14% 
39% 
1% 
1% 
3% 
397* 
47* 
76% 
13% 
57'* 
4' • 
16% 
17% 
1% 
8% 
1% 
39% 
5o 
5% 
19% 
7 
12% 
22% 
I 

47*. 
78% + 
13% + 
57’ a 
4% + 
16% 
18% + 
I %. 
9% + 
I '* — 
4o% + 
SO 
+ 
*% + 
19%— 
7% + 
1 2 '* - 
2 3'* + 
I H I 
% I3 16' 
1% 
I +a 
5'. 
3% 
6' a 
3 '* 
23'* 
IO 
11% 
3 '* 
4% 
1% 
9% 
7% 
8% 
2% 
9 
3% 
IO '. 
7% 
16% 
I 
2'a 
15% 
3% 
7% 
I 16 
15'a 
1% 
97* 
11% 
4% 
IO’ I 
18% 
4 '* 
4% 
1% 
7* 
1% 
9% 
5% 
9 
3% 
1o% 
4 '* 
9% 
7% 
8% 

I '* 

7*13 16 
I Va 
1% 
16% 
IS '* 
4% 
7% 
137* 
I I H l l 
26% 
7 
2% 

15% 
3% 
1% 
16% 
4o 
6% 
1o% 
5' 1 
4% 
11% 
12% 
17% 
13 
5% 

S', 
37* + 
47* + 
3% + 
25 
+ 
1 o % - 
17% + 
3 '* + 
4%— 
I Va 
1o% + 
9 
+ 
9’* + 
2% + 
% 
9 '* — 
% 
3 Va + 
% 
11%+ 
I* 
P i - 
Va 
16%- 
H 
1% 
2% + 
% 
16'a a 
% 
3% - 
'a 
7 H ~ 
% 
'* + I 16 
36%+ I Va 
2 '* + 
% 
1o'*+ 
% 
1 2 '*+ 
% 
5% + I '* 
1o%+ 
% 
19% ) 
% 
5 
+ v» 
47* + 
% l% + 
% i » r i it 
1% 
1o% + 
Va 
57*+ 
'* 
9% t 
H 
4 % ) 
% 
1o% 
4% 
1o%+ 
% 
7% — 
% 
9Va+ 1% 
7* 
___ 
1% 
177*+ 
% 
1 5 '* - 
% 
4% 
J '/ , * 
'a 
1 6 + 2 
1 1% - 
% 
11%+ 
% 
26% I 
% 
2% * 
% 
2 '* + 
% 
% + 
% 

1% + 
17 
4o 
— 
7% + 
3 1 % - 
7 
+ 
4% ) 
I 1 H - 
14% + 
U H + 
U H + 
5%— 

% DCL Inc 
2% DWG Cp SOI 
7' i D am on Cre 
4 
3% Dam son O il 
23 
12% Daniel 
16b 
9 
4% Dataprod 
9 
S' s D ayM in 
2oe IS 
4' a D eJurA 
!oe 
I 
De Rose Ind 
9% Del L a b s ' 37b J 
5 7* Deilw dF 
54 12 
7 
D enTal Ez 
9 
17% Depsitr 
I 57 
6 

■■ 
. 
/ _______________ 

573 
211 
79o 
1o9 
46 
84 
22 
48 

27* 
7% 
21% 
12 
7% 
7% 
1% 
15% 
6% 
8% 
2o 

3% 
2% 
7% 
21'a l l ’ a 
7% 
5 
I 
15% 
6% 
8% 
19 

+a - I 16 
37* + 
% 
27%— 
% 
77*+ 
% 
73% 4 2 a 
11% + 
% 
7% - 
> • 
7% + 2% 
I '* - 
15%+ 
Va 
6% + 
1J 
8% + 
% 
TO 
+ I Va 

Y early 
High 

7% 
8% 
28% 
7'* 
8% 
2o 

 la w 

I 
Designer Jw 
3% DevCp Am 
8 
14o 
13'* Devon G rp 
IS zJ5o 

16 
11% 
46 
26% 
7% 
137* 
18% 
11% 
14 

9% 
6% 
8% l l ' * 
3% 
42'* 
7% 
19’* 
45 >* 
25 
6 
IM * 

3Va D'ebold VC 
3% Digicon Inc 
15% D illa rd St 
4o l u l l 16 D iodes 
Inc 
3% 
1% D lsFab 
IO 
11% D iversey .56 
63* D ix lly n 
4oe 
32 
Dome P etri 
11% Dom tar 
8o 
S’* Donkeny 
24 
8% Downey 
2oe 
16 
O re* UU I 32 
6''a D rive r H a rr 
9% D rg P a lr 
4ob 4 
113 16 I 
D unlop 
Ode 
23Va 
U % DuplxPd 
oo 
6 
57* D u t TSI 
3ob 
8 
2% D ynlctn o6e 
9 
3% D ynA m er 
6 
6% D y n e llE I 
26 
1% EAC In 
6 
16'* E D G Inc 25c 
3 
7* Eagle G oth 
13% E arth Res 
I 
9 
3o% EasonO 
2ob 14 
17 
EstrnC I 4oa 
7 
3% E azorE 
24 
4 
6 
Ecodyne 
1oe 7 
1% Edm os Cp 
7% EDO Corp 1oe 
3 '* EganM 
4o 
6 
47* EnrnhPh 
2oa 

Solos 
N et 
(hda.) High la w 
Last Chg. 

2o 
1H 
1% 
1% + 
% 
SH 
6 
+ 
% 
26'* 
26%— 
Va 
6 
6 % .... 
3% 
37*........... 
IS H 
16 
........... 
15 1615 1 6 -1 16 

112 
189 
6 x29 
82 
9 
62 

6 t i 
9 
456 
16 *36 
4 *57 
5 
93 x 16 
12 
31 

6 
27 
6% 
4 
16% 
I 
2% 
14'* l l ' * 
41 
16% 
7 
137* 
17% 
87* 
11% 

2 
13’* 
1o% 
387* 
15% 
6% 
12 
17% 
8% 
1o% 

2H + 
14% + 
11% + 
41 
+ 
15 Va + 

 u % 7 
17'* + 
8 '/je­ l l ' * 
4 
3117 1615 1617 16+ I 16 
66 
1o4 
369 
395 
121 

 l l 
7% 
9% 
9% 
7 
4% 
14% u n 
3 '* 
18% 
I % 
11% 
V t 
7 
I I H a’ s 
3 
12% 
7% 
SH 
4% 
7% 
6% 
3 
5% 
4 % 
35% 
8'« 
3' • 
13 
2% 
16 
16% 
14% 
6% 
16 'a 
9'a 
3' i 
57* 
5% 
1o% 
HH 
8% 
8% 

4 '* El cor Cp 
4% EIHose 
1% El Aud D 
9% Electrog 
7% E lee Eng 

.12 
IOT 
U lt 
8o 
28 

27 
4o7 
279 
46 
J 
14 
129 
16o 
7 34 
12 
6x161 
8 
454 
143 
9 
128 
5 x2o 

32 

6 
I V 
6 s 
5 
3 
IOT 
o 
271 14 
Ole 96 

1 Va Elect Resch 
12% E le c tr ic A I IO 
4% E n rg y R e s 
7 
6’ * E rnstE C 
64 
1% E ro Ind 
4% Espey M fg 
4% EsqRad 
3oe 
6% Essex Ch 
1% E tzLav 
7% E vanA r 
3% Executn 
2 
F D IIn c 
3 
PPA Corp 
4 
P ablnd lOe 
4 
3% F a bler 
4o 28 
3a FairTex M il 
17* Tai rf Id Nob 
2' 1 P airm C 
Ue 
8 
2o% Falcons 
6o 
9 
4' j Pam Coir 
16 
7 
I % F a m ily Rec 
4 
8% F annyF 
5oe 
7 
I 
Fash Fabric 
7% FayD rg 
Ioe 12 
12% FedM aU 
6o 
5 
II 
FedR lty I 24 12 
4 
Fed Resrces 
8 
Felm nt 
12e is 
5 
Felsway 
36 
5 
I '* Fibrebrd w t .. t% Fidelco Cfh 
1% Film C p Am 
4 
SH F ilm w y 
851 
7 
5% FlnGen 
36b 
SH r nGnA 
36b 
S' ? Ft Conn 
25e IO *79 

48 
26 
1o9 
265 
139 
39 
21 
111 
66 
52 
52 
41 
95 
28 
42 
36 
72 
133 
19 
433 
48 
22 
46 
215 
213 
37 
73 
635 
175 
44 
IOO 
23o 
I 
1oo 
' 
261 
6x1oo 
*7 

11% 
4% 
17% 
16% 
2% 
6% 
8% r n 

3 
19% 
16 Va 
21 
5' 1 
I I H 
9% 
32 
93 
9% 
4% 
12% 
4 
1o% 
17% 
73% 
6 
3 
1o% 
H H 
8% 
3% 
16 

7% 
13% 
7' > 
11% 
I 7* 
5% 
1o% 
5% 
7% 
3% 
6% 

3% 
2 
4% 
6 
177, 
I * 
IO Va 
5'« 
36 'a 
6% 
U% 
17’ a 
13 
14'J 
7 
5 
16% 
17% 
1% 
4% 
87* 
6 

5o 
3 
217 
54 
7o 
15 
163 
473 
65 
4o6 
145 
34 
74 
9o 
65 
1196 
SI 
157 
81 
5 

2% IS 16 F st 
H a rtfrd 
* 
3% F stH rt pf SO 
. 
57* FstSLSh 
12 34 
2% F stm rk 
o61 
93* FischrP 481 
13% FitchbG I 44 
IV , Flagg Ind 
2% Flagstaff 
4 Va Flavor I and 
8 
FtightSf o9e 
I Va 9 16 F lo c k Ind 
4% 
17* Fia Capital 
2** f laRck 
97* Flowers 
54 
13% Pl uke J 
IO 
U H FlyD ta OII 
8 
3 Va FOOdrm 
4o 
5 
7% Foodw ys 
8 
7 
FooteM 
25e 12 
28 
Foote pf 2 2o 
72% FordCan 
Sa 
5 z76o 
4 
Forest C ity o5e 
9 46 
V t Forest Labs 
6 
8% FoxStaP 
5o 
9 
1% F ra n k lin RI 
6% Frank Nu 
36 
6 
1o 
Frantz 
8oa 
6 
15% Fresm llo to Si 
3% Frledm 
24b 
6 
1% Friend Frst 
IO 
6’ , F rig tm p 55t 
7 
7 
Frischs 
3ob f 
SH F ro n tier A ir 
5 
1% F ro n tA ir w t 
23% F ro n trA ir pf 

C i - H - I 
4 
15 16 G IT Ind 
8% 
2 
G R IC p 
1% 
I 
GSC En 
42c 
% G TI Corp 
SH G abriel 
4o 
4 
G alaxy Cpt 
7 
G aran 
44a 
1% G arcia Corp 
77, G arland Cp 
8% G atesLrlel 
1% G aylord o5e 
% Gay nor Stat 
I % G nE m p o4e 
3% Gent E xpior 
Ma G Housewer 
Va Gen R e c ra t 
17* Gen Resrch 
11 ? Genae 
Inc 
1% Gemsco Ten 
1% Geon Ind 
2' 1 Gerber Sci 
U H G iant Fd la 
3% G a nfYet 
IO) 83 
239 
2% G ladding Cp 
J '* Glasrock Pr 
26% G la tfltr I 8o 
6 
3% GienGer 
16 6 
6% GlenOts 
441 
7 
1o7* G lobetnd 6oa 
9% Glosser 
32 
7 
8% G loucstr En 
4 
2’ a G lover lOe 
3% G ldblatf 
28 IO 
7% Golden Cyct 56 
4% Got do W 
W 
7 
% G o ld fie ld Cp 
1% Good L 5 o7r 
2% Goodrich wt 
3' a GonnSI 
Hie 
5 

14 
7% 
4% 
57* 
8% 
27* 
16% 
Iva 
18 
41% 
24 
5% 
1o% 
17* 
1o 
6% 
6% 
7% 
5% 
3% 
14% 
8% 
17* 
17’* 
5% 
11 
1% 
5% 
1o% 
7% 
I ’* 
IO’* 
47* 
27* 
33* 
5 '* 
4% 
1% 
?% 
3'a 
35% 
AH 
2% l l Va 
1% 
16 
13% 
13% 
4' J 
16’* 
8' a 
1% 
V 1 
2 
8% 
8% 
8% 
7 

13% 
6Va 
3 v« 
5% 
77* 
2% 
16% 
I 
17 
41 Va 
21% 
4% 
9% 
1% 
97* 
6% 
5% 
6% 
4% 
3% 
13% 
77* 
1% 
16 
4 '* 
1o% 
1% 
5% 
8% 
7 '* 
1% 
1o% 
4% 
2% 
3% 
4 Va 
3% 
1 
2% 
3% 
34% 
5% 
2 
9% 
1 
147* 
13 
12% 
4 
ISH 
8 
1% 
2 
1% 
7% 
8% 
8% 

14 
7 
— 
4 
+ 
5% + 
8 '* — 
2 % + 
1 6 '* ... 
1% 
18 
+ 
4 1 % - 
23>*~ 
5% + 
1o% + 
17* + 
97* 
6 '* + 
57* + 
7 
+ 
4H -- 
3H + 
13% 
8% + 
1% 
17'* + 
5 
— l l 
+ 
I Va + 
5% 
9 H + 
7% + iv * — 
1o% + 
4% 
27* + 
3% + 
5 '* + 
4 '* + 
1% + 
? % * 
3% + 
35 
— 

2 '* I 
Va 
11%+ 1% 
I ’* + 
'* 
16 
+ 
% 
U H 
13% ) 
'/a 
4% + 
% 
16% ♦ 1% 
8%. 
1% 

 i i i * 
8 
+ 
8% + 
8% + 
6' 
1%15 1615 16— 3 16 

11% 
2% 
14% 
16% 
1% 
4% 
7% 
12% 

3% 
1o 
2% 
13% 
16 
1% 
3% 
5% 
11 
*11 16 
4% 
4% 
3% 
147* 
14+4 
18% 

3 '* 
16 
,5% 

5' 1 
11V, 
8 
3o% 
89% 
9% 
3 
1o% 
3’* 
8% 
U H 
17 
57* 
1% 
9% 
8 
6% 
27* 
28 

5% 
9 'i 
7% 
3o 
87 
|7 * 
2'a 
9% 
3% 
7% 
17'a 
16% 
5% 
1% 
8% 
7% 
6 
2% 
28 

4 l l 
+ 
'* 
2 H — 
% 
13% + 
% 
16%+ 
% i n + n 
4% ) 
% 
7 '* + IT* 
1 2 '*+ I 
% + I 16 
4 '* + 
3'/* + 
157* + 
15% - 
2o% + 
5 '* + 
1 1'* + 
8 
+ 
3 o % - 
8 9 '* + 2 
9 '* + 
I 
3 
+ 
* 
9%— 
' 
3 '* 
.. 
8 % + 
1 
17%+ 
1 
16% 
5 H + 
' 
I '* — 
1 
9 % + 
I 
7% + 
• 
6 % ■* 
' i% — 
1 
2 8 - 8 

51 
566 
IO 
133 
172 
5 
166 
8 el 
5 
12o 
115 
4 
75 
3 
159 
3 
65 
64 
38 
I 
974 
4 
137 
125 
5 l l ) 
7 
2o5 
6 
114 
184 
5 
74 
I 
AS 

1% s n 
Iva 
17* 
13% 
5 
1o7* 
2% 
3’* 
87* 
4% 

I % + 
'* 
3 '* + 
'* 
I 
— 
'* 
17*+ 
% 
U H * 
% 
4 '* — 
'* 
1 o n + 
Va 
I ' * .......... i n . ........ 
8 % + 
>* 
4 '* — 
'* 
V ail IA U 16 
2 
IVa 
I Va 
6% 
5% 
6 '* + 
'* 
2 Va 
2% + 
% 
15 1615 16+ I 16 
3 '* 
3% + n 

V * 
3% 
I i n u 
4% 
97* 
2% i n 
8% 

343 
85 
7? 
29 
74 
5 115 
73 
119 
45 
97 
124 
319 

7% 
I 
3% 
I 7, 
1% 
2 
5% 
177/, 
7 
4% 
3% 
36 
5% 
117, 
U H 
13 
U H 
3 Va 
37* l l ' * 
12% 

7 "a 
I '* 
1% 
4% 
16% 
6% 

J1', 
15 s n 
U H 
ISH 
U h 
12% 
3% 

9 n 
^ u n 
„ 
. 
, 
57311 14 9 IA U 16+1 16 
88 
2% IT* 
2 '* + % 
183 
J '* 7 
7 '* + Va 
39 
3% J% j% + % 

2% * 
1 H + 
'» 
2 
+ n 
47* + 
>, 
177* + 1% 
6% — 
% 
4% + 
3% + 
% 
357* - t . 
5% 
. . . . 
11%+ 
'* 
1 7 '*+ 1% 
13 
+ 
7* u n 
.. 
3 % + 
% 
JV .+ 
' , 
1o%+ 
% 
I i 

C o m p l e x n a t i o n w i d e c o m p o s i t e p r i c e s 

N e w 
Y o r k s t o c k s 

E x c l u s i v e 
I n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

S 
T 
I ' 

Yearly 
H igh la w 

ZI % 
24’ a 
U H 
TS 'a 
ISH 
U H u 
I 
37% 
SI 'a 
15% 
79% 
)« ’ • 
31% 
74% 
+o% 
57 
49% 
41 
59% 
8o% 

9% 

.11% 
U H 
??% 
12% 
5o' a 
9% 
71 
A 1 
I* 
?6% 

76% 
14 
6Pa 
15% 
JI 
U t 
25% 
15% 
45' z so n 
•o7 
6 't 
73 
28' 1 
48% 
5o% 
28% 
37% 
57' 1 
U H 
24% 
241% 
7% 
■8 

72% 
43% 
I 'a 
19', 
11% 
38'> 
86% 
78 
32’ I 
8 l l 
12% 
TOH 
47% 
47 
71% 
U H 
49% 

19% 
68% 
1o% 
8o% 
HS 
11% 
4% 
37 v, 
139% 
18% 
31% 
28 'a 
43% 
4o% 
28% 
31 
48 
47% 
I* 
12*% 
9% 

Soles 
I tuts ) High la w 

4 3 ', 
39% 
23 
9% i i ' j 
ISH 
13 
13 
16'* 
37% 

2o3 
1o4 
IO 

34' 
29% 

J?.': 

U 
SouROyt 
64 18 
74o 
17% S w 'B ksh 
I 1ox132 
6% S WSI For 
2o 26 
414 
16% SwtFI pf I 5o x 1o6 
IM a Sw PbSv 
I IO 
9 449 
9% S prtnFd 
6 ITI 
4% Spar Ion 
4o 
7 
1o 
S perryH ut 1 
* 
JI 
S prryH pt 
I 
JR’ * Sperryw 
92 1ox4168 43L 
1o% SPT'UqM 
75 
8 
147 
13 
2o'a S quare I IO 16 
484 
38' a Squibb 
96 l l 1396 
18% S taleyM fg I 
6 
463 
T P , $1 Poor I 924 
144 
77 
S tB rand I 78 12 
918 
S'dBr pf 3 5o z34o 
Si b Paint 
4o 21 
165 tdO 'IG 7 2o 
9 4879 
StQiHnd 2 JO IO 2723 
StOilOh I Ie 23 
761 
SOOh pt3 75 
(71o 
SH S ldpress 
IO 
249 i n SldPrud 
66 U 
17o 
9% Stan d e i 
8o 
6 
ITS 
TI 
S'anWk I Ua 
9 T il 
6 '« S'anray 
8o 
13 
588 
IR'* S tarrett I IT 
7 j t 
1o% StaM Sr 
I o5 
*15o 
41' ? StautCh I 4a IO 
592 
6% Starcbi ae 
7 
5o 
15 
Star Or uq 
7o U 3416 
4% St sri Pre 
Ole 7 
581 
8 '• Sternont 
4o IO 
417 
17+» Steven J I 3o 
4 
8 38 
2 3'. S 'ew Wa I H 
I 
IM 
W H StOkVC 
I 2o U 
475 
W a StOkVC p l t tlSQO 
4 t‘■, ..tOneW 
2 5o 
7*141 
U 
Sion Chn 
56 
5 
1o3 la a Stop Shop 
I 
6 
99 
9 
S torTtc 
#71 
I 
687 
?1% S to re ri 
I 
7 
2o5 
1o% StritfM ite to 
6 
71 
11 a StuWor 
1 33 
5* 613 
6% StW pf A I 4o 
,13 
64 
S tgW r p l B5 
,9 
3% Suaviho Ole 5x31o 
U H S ubP r G 
I o8 
' ‘ 
I l a SunChm 
4o 
24’ , SunCo 
J 
31% SunCo pt2 25 
3o% Sun bm 
1 OR 
17 
Sundstr 
1 
IS 'a SundS pf I 5o 
9' 1 Sues M y ll: 
14% Super Val 
46 
IU 
SuprOil I IO 
5% SupmnG 
IC 
14' 4 Supm p it JO 
14 
Super sc pc 
4 
Sutro M fg to+* Swank la 
14% Sytxon 
8a 
O' t Sybrn pf 2 4o 
4% Systron 
U H T n o r 
I 
6% TRE 
Corp 
74% TR W in 
I 4o 
43% TRW pf a 4o 
SA 
TRW pf4 5o a n T a t'B ro 
8o 
1% Talco!! Nat 
4% Talley 
4o 
*% TaiieypfB 
I 
IS' j T a m p ! 1 1 12 
J Tandy Corp 
17+a Tandy WO l l ' * T a n d y c rft 

27% 
9% 
TI 
U H 
U H 

IO 

JI 

27% 
79'a 
21% 
24% 
33% 
55% 
43' I t i 
59% 
74% 
59 
I 
4% 
U H 
31% 
U H 
77% l l 

14% 
4% 
H H 
19% 
35% 
2o% 
U H 
571, 
15% 
ISH 
U H 
75% 
13 a 
41% 
48% 
95 

72 * a n 
43'a 
W a 
24% 
ISH 
S in 
U H 
24’ 1 
TIS 237 
TU 
7% 
18 
* 9 
773 
284 
414 
43 
178 
SU 

SH Tappan 
JO 
IS 
Tecnm cr 
2o 
4% Tecum coir 
9 
Technics) 
44'a T tk tro n x 3o 
SH Tai ac or 
IO 
22% Tat re t’ I ASI 
42 
Teledyn pf 4 
5% TeepriT.pi 
1% Telex Cp 
24 
Temtco 
I 88 
97% Tennc p ts SO 
U H T esoro Pet I 
25' J Teaor pf 2 14 
M 4, Texaco 
2 

9 
914 
54 l l 
8 
182 

S 
4o1 
47 
9 1472 l l INB 
443 
447 

72 a 
7% l l ’ > 
19% 
39 » 
I 
14% 
9% 

 l l 
457 l l 1543 
47i 
14 
514 l l 
347 
4*277 
7 
182 

3oo9 
U 2441 
9 45o7 
4 
I 2893 
*6o 
9 988o i4% TexCom I IO I? 
2o4 a n Tex Est 
H S 
9 
24% T x fT pf2 4o 
?7»a T x tT Pf2 17 
^ 
T e xG sT 
TI' ? TxGk pf l l ' i Tex Ind t i t Tex Inst 
$% Te»int 
» 
. l f t Tex OC i 

 i d 
* 
Ib 14 

14 
7»n 
3o% 
6% 
9% 
U H 

3 % 
42 
IS H 
I I H a a 

U H 

 i s : 
7o% 
IO) 
I * r * 
17% 
137' a 

 h a n a 
4o% 
21% 
JI 

44% 
*4 

W a 
37% 
9% 
J IH 
37% a n 
19% 

17% 
9% 
19% u n 

B t 

T xP cLd 
17 
Tea U til 
J H S 
27* i T e x tg if 
I K IO i 
Text, 
IM 
2o% Textron I 2o 

7M 
IU i i 
545 to 

1 a a * 17341o3 
14 7478 
9% 
3o l l 445 a % 
24*a 
35a 
19 
14 3o% 
39% 
I I i 
IO 3413 77 
71% im i t 
542 
4% 

14 
14% 
47% l l 
W a 
77% 
2o% 
24% 
3o% 
49 'J 
41% 
1 9 * 
54+, 
744, 
57% 
P l 
4 ', 
14% i i , 
17 
77 
U H 
44% 
8% 
Is 1 t 
5% io n 
18% 
34% 
I I H 
I IH 
55 u n 
ISH io n 
74% 
17% 
4 in 
47 
47 
4% 
21% 
27% 
46% 
41% a n 
I# 
S i’ , 
1o% 
7 7 % r n 
7% i i 
19 
4% 
17% 
14% a% 
SH 
14% 
9% 
35% 
82 
73 a . s n 
9% ii** a 
4o% 
41 u n 
IO a 
35% 
4% 
17% 
64% 

€ i n 

» # u 

77% 
77% 
17% 

 h 
3 % 
44% 
ISH 
97 1 
•% 

Pane 31 
Yoe 
H ig h 
IAU 
A1» 
Nat 
U la s t Chg 
76‘ I 
19 a 
42% + i n 
22% + n un 
9% + 
% 
34' , 
2 1 ',+ n 
37 is Mi 
15% ii + 
% 
19"* 
U 
+ 
2 
14% 
14' k - 
% 
1o4 
37". + v* 
23% 
42’ . + 
* , 
I * ', u n - 
•a u n 
27% + 
2’ a 
27% 
» ’ , + 
In 
17 
21H + 
1% 
24'a 
24% + 
(4 
34' a 
JOU - 1% 
44' a 
5o ♦ 
* I 
27 
42' I t 
* I 
32% 
41 t 
I " , 
IS ', 
59% t 
3% 
14% 
76% - 
1% 
I i 
St 
* 
V t 
J? 
7% + 
15' , 
6% + 
% t i 
16% un 
3 7 ',) I 
73 a 
171. ♦ 
Va 
79% 
77% + 
• I 
I* 
11% + 
% 
3o"? 
49V_ 
8% + 
UH* 
4+,+ 
11% + i4 n + 
34% + 
TOH ♦ 
12% + 
57’ , + 
15% 
U n — 
11% + 
B H + 
U H 
3 % + 
4 7n + 
95 
♦ 
S '4 + 
71% + 
♦ 
4f% + 
SO 
♦ 
24+a ♦ 
35% + 
S in * l l 
24' a + 
737 
+ 
7' I * l l 
+ 
22 » • 
7% ♦ 
I I H * 
19* a ♦ 
3 9 n t 
S H * 
19% ♦ 
4% + 
34% ♦ 
•4 
+ 
75 
4 

I n ­ i n * 

 a t * 
47% + 
42 
+ 
IS '* + u n * a % - s% + 
13% + 
U l t 
7% + 
*9 J + 
IDI 
♦ l% + 
5% + 

 la w 
Sale, 
(hd» ) H igh la w 
52 v n 1 tsh w iry 
4% TobmP 
ISe 
P 1 Todd Shipyd 
» % ToiE dis 2 17 
9 
IO 
TonkeCp 
48 
4 
6% Too'B ol 
4ob IO 
4% T racor 
2o 
7 
19' I TreneCo I o8 IO 
29 
Tra n Un I 76 l l 
7' ? TransW A ir 
I I H T W A pf 
2 
8% Tran sam 
66 
65 
Trans pt4 SO 
2o% Tran Int 
I 92 
I ' ? Tran SCD 
9o 
I 
8 
Tran sen 
52 8 
1 T rG P L p f 2 5o 
6% TranOhF 
2o 
5 
16% Tranw y I 4o 
I 

218 
47 
229 
M2 
471 
17 
294 
219 
171 

 a 
32' l l ' > 
29' a 
7% 
4' I 
ISH 

14% 
SH i n a n 
12% 
7% 

H H 
37 a 2a ? u n 
73 
H H 
9x3244 U H 
JI 1o4 
* 112 
73% 
8 U34 
8 
12o 
1o3 
IU 
529 

15% 
35% 

37 
49% l l 
47% 
74% 
9% 
1o% 
14 
4o' > 
47% s in 
74% io n 
•7 n 
9o 
4 
59% 
’4% 
IO?' 1 
17% 

T ra v lrs I UR I? 1472 
T ra v e ir pi? tat 
TrtCpn I Sam 
8o9 
TriCn pf J SO 
IR 
T n a n ln d 
9oj 
281 
Tr. any P t 
4oe 19117 
T rin ty ln 
8o 4 
253 
Tropic an 
JO W 211 
T UC son G I o4 9 1o64 
T wen Cen 
5o 
9 1o44 
T ycoLab 
4o l l 1437 
T vier Corp 5o 
7 568 
" a a 
8 
ITO 
H67o 
9 
237 
SAJ 
584 
4x189 

 l l ' 
16 
TM , U AL Inc 
4o u n u & ic p 
1 4o 
77 
UGI pf 
2 75 
1o% UMC ind 
I 
% U M ET Tr 
1o 
UOR 
23r 
19% U V ln d 
I SO 
56% UY 'n pf 5 SO 
18% UARCO I M 
I 
7% Cleared 
AO 
5 
21% U n tlL t I o6e 
6 
39% U niN V 2 86+ 
6 
8' » Un Bancp la l l 
58' 1 UCam p I IO l l 
55% lin e a te 7 SO 
9 
6 
Un C om m rc 
4% Union Corp l l 
U n UnClac 
I U I 
11 
U n fl pf I SO 
4o 
Un l l pf 
4 
44 
Un El pf 4 VO al 
Uhfel p i 6 4o 
M ' a U n fl pf 2 7? 
72 
U n ll p l 7 44 
76 
Un El 71 pf 
I 
3% Un 
F id e lity 
I 
41% U nOCal 7 IO 
I 
ST' 1 UOCa pi 2 SO 
76 
UPacCp 14o 14 l l ' * UnPa< p f 47 

>7 a 
3 i 
26 
594 r n 
2o45 
41$ 
459 

<4oo 
ITO 
12581 
<451o 
SI 
54 
7 
I 
US 
> U t! 
SI 

U n 
U H 
27% 
11% 
23% 

 j f c 
22 
32% 
9% 
H H 
71% 
31% u n ion 
19% 
TI 
77% l f a n u 
7% 
U H 
37 
44 
2 in 
U H u n 
44 Va 
I) 
47' a 
42% 
7% 
4% 
15% 
4 on 
45' I 
SI 
74% 
3o% 
87' J 
88% 
I 
54% 
74% 

T H U 14 Unipna Inc 

7 t| M f '. 
7 
17% 
14o 

 i n 
% 
1% 

24 . T a .tr pt3 OS 
Taxfr pf I 4o 

C 
T C 
. 
Thorn in 
7% Thorn J W 

1253 
IS 
■ n 

 a . T h riftO g 
ISH n w 
W l 
1o% Tiger in t 
4o 
M n T ttn a ln c I IS l l ' a T im a M lr 4o 
34% T im kn 2 38a 

N 
J 

! 
' ! 
■ 
J U 
478 

 t i 

 p m 
14 Va 
25% t i n 
41% 
12% 
17% 
1% i i n i» n 
17% 
W H 
51% 

28 
1% 

 j: 

I n 

F 
1% 
17% 
' I 

IM 
+ 
*6 
+ 
34%) 
27%+ 
' I 
17%+ 
% 
4o%+ 7% 
28% 
% 
M % + 
% 
47% + 2% 
44% - 
% 
IS'*— % 
1o7%+ 5% 
4% + 
% 
27 
- 
% a n * 1% 
21%+ 
% 
2 9 ,+ 
% 
4 H + 
V» 
27% + 1% 
14% + 
% is n + n 
18% + 
% 
4o a 
13% + n 
17 
+ 1% 
8 % + 
% 
)•> «+ 
% 
I T A - 
' a l 

I 
+ n i l 

11% 
14% 
IO' ? 
27% 
I l a 
U H 
27% 
TS' z 
24 u h 
711 
U % 
18% 
41% 
I ’ , 
17% 
I* 

 h so% 
8 
U H 
1% 

 i i 
24 n 
W H 
175V, 

' B b 
2% 

 u > : 
4% 
ISH 
31% a n 
ISH 
U H 
44% 
U H 

7' 1 U m royal 
SO 1912i|7 
U n ify ,' PIO tloOO 
SH Urn* B rands l l Ila , tor 
(ta 
UK) 
478 
117 
TIO 
. 
<134o 74 

 f n 
ISI 

“J 

TIS 
1o44 
HS 

ISS 
421 
824 

111? 

4% Un B rod pf A 
/'» U n,rep 
87, 
U 
U n Cn i t I I? 
5 
5% UFinCat i t 
4 
7% Un G uarnty la 
77% U 'liu m 2 44 
4 
34 
U 't'o m pi? JO 
4% U n itin g 
4ob 
I 
4% U n it in pf 47 
4% U n ifln n 
Kl 
7 
4% Ii Jar Bk I o4 
9 
9% u n .IM M 
4o 
15% Un 
N uclr 
1% U nitR k M in 
1o% U nilR efg 
IS 
USFoS ' _ 
33' 1 USF dG 7 44 12 
14% USGyps I 4o l l 
32' > uSG y pf I »o 
5% US+Wm la IO 
1% US Ind 
4o It 
4% USLaaag 
37 
4 
1% US R lfy ln * l f * US Shoe I 3o 
44% uSS'aai 2 3o 
1 4 % U S I oboe 
I l l 
8o 
» % Un Tee h 
I » 
8 TMA l i m 
Un Teen pts 
1o4 
UnTch p!7 12 
14 
Uni le i 
I a IO 
1% Urn Tel wt 
31% U n T tl pf I 5o uh u n T i a tta 
4% U nbred 
IO IO 
O' I U niv#) 
18' I Un Leaf 
14% Uptohn 
U H U V .IF E 
9% USIife+ 
94a 
77% U tan> L 3 12 
4 
29% U tR l pf 2 IO 

1« 
9% 
•4 io n 
U H 
1o% 
27% 
17% 
U H 
27% 

SH 
I I H 
11% 
34% 
3'» 
146 
U H 
S3 
17% 
SS 
26% 
29 
1% 

1o% 
2% 

5o% 
TSH 

ISI 175% 
14 IM 
19% 

28% 
24’ . 
7% l l 

S 4- 
11% 
UH 
44% 
U H 

J 
9 m a; 

" n i t n v s ife r p aa t a 
17% 
U H 
4% 
I 
IS l l 
I I H 

 lj% l|'4 
46 
4o 
46 
M . 
SA 
57% 

I I 

A vane? In 
4o 
U 
V anan 
28 
4V, v a ro inc M a j% vendo Co 
3% Venice 
TC 
U , veal Se 
I lie 
M n ve t co toe 
P i V iacom in t 
% Vt d o r Cm 
OS 
V e f Pw I 24 
„ 
V o l R p f4 o4 
19 
V O E? pf4 U 
M n v a l ? p i* to 
» v a f R pf s 
T i'/, V t ER pf? 77 a 
V oE P of I ta 

I 
TS 
, 
. 
W 
56 
I 
ITO 
I Sd 
8x256 
I M IS 1771 
4o 
7 
982 
96a 
IU 
741 
D 
89 v 
- w x 

I IO 
8 ITS 

 t I 

‘ i »1« 

• J R t 
871 l l t i t 
I 
ISO 

9 I U 

A t i 
HAO 
114o 
. IU D 

ISH 
5% 
8 
TSH 
U H 
7% 
12% 
ISH 
36% 
1o% 
16 
UH 
1o7 
71 
17% l l 
27 
W H 
72 
15 f i n 
/Ma 
H U 
8% 
U 
71 io n is 
8% 
17% 
27% 
26% 
19% 
79% la 
1% 
11% 
31% 
61% 
2o% 
U H 
27% 
M 1 
<7% 
ASH 
A lla 
4% 
5% 
15'a 
39 
ASH 

8 % 
2t% i m 
■ a * 
4% 
57% 
75 
99% 
17% 
I 
9% 
O i l 
8% 
U H 

 j f t 
U H 
UH 
24 
24 
77% 
UH 
I 
1)% 
1o% 
17% 
7% 
I I H 
17 
STH 

L 
7% 
7% 
1o% 
1% 
M n a in 

J P 
114% i f , 
2% 
71% 
24 
7% 
1o% i t i m 
14% 
U H 
42% a 

N et lo s t Chg 
16%+ 
% 
5% ____ i% 
.. . 
24 % ♦ 
% 
IT H * 
% 
7 H - 
% 
17%+ 
% 
IA H 
M U * 
11% ) 
14% + 
14% * 
1o4 
) 
21% * 
19% ) 
11% ) 
27% ) 
11%) 
73 * ) 
34% ) tv i * a 
* 
3 1 % - 
9 
. 
U H ) 
JI a - 
?’ 
* 
IS '. ♦ 
1»v») 

1% 

19 
27% J i i ’ I * 
18% ) 
3o 
+ 
U H . l i t 
14% ) 
J I ', ) aa 
, 
3o’ k " 
11'a— 
2 |n + 
49’ * * 
U+a 
66% ) 
41% ) 
7 % ) 
4 
15% + 
4o 
* 
4 5 '* - 
5 o % - 
74% ) 
M n . i t n * 
8 8% . 
5 
+ 
59% ) 
7 4 % ) 
1o2% + 
17% ) 
1 % ) 
9 H + 
8 3 '? ) 
1o% + 
14% ) 
1 o % - 

 f 

1% 

7 
U H ) 
74% 
24 
• 
23% ) i n 
I J H * 
% 
I i * u%+ n 
11% ) 1% 
J IH ) 1% 
J% + 
1/4 
12% + 
% i n , .......... 
54% + 1% 
2 4 % ) 1% 
T i n - 
% 
8 % + 
% 

 lt% + 
% 
T H ) 
% 
2S%~ 
% 
49% - 
% 
2 8 % ) 
38% + 
173% + 
U6% + 
19% + 
7% + 
24% - 
24’ . 
7 % ) 

W 
K 
U H * 
44% ) 
13 

- 
% 

% 

?% . 
% 

Yearly 
■Sigh la w 
K W , 
J IH 
88% 
85% 
8% 
29% 
52 
73 
4o% 
SH 
17% 
17% 
33% 
24% 
22' ? 
37% 

IJH 
48 
1o% 
12' 1 i mJon 
77 
94 
51% 
IO-» 
38 I 
71% 
19% 
35 
2o 
76 a 
U H 
36% f * 
2o 
7 
14% 
9’ , 
9% i t27 
9% 
56 
47% 
Tin 
12% 
1o% 
15% 
U H 
19% 
1o% 
$2% 
57 
45 
27% 
I t , 
41 I i m 
25% 
49% 
44% 
75% 
74 , 
21% 
Al 

98 
77% 
77% 
72% 
4% 
18% 
42% 
14% l f J 
7% u n 
U H 
74 
18% l l ' » 
22% a n to n u n 
5 % 
S ', 
IS 
16'« 
17' , 
43 t 
IS 
4 't 
77% 
IS 
<o% 
25% 
ITH 
19 1 
6% 
14 
4% un 
4 
U H sn 
3% l f , 
ISH 
SH 
47% 
33% 
21 v, 
8% 
17% 
Id a 
6 
U H 
ISH aa 
45 
SA 
25 l l 
43' > 
34% 
16% 
P 
55 'a 
I t 
43 
14 
51 
51% 
ARI 

I 

21% 
19% 
7% 
14 
9% s n a 1 
15 

4 s 
IS H 
44 
M n 

U h 

 t i : 

 i i 
19% 
7% u 
9 
S 
4% u n i f , t% 
7% 
IS H 
48 
44% 

$7% 

 r n 

 w r - 
7%— 

 i% + s n * 
4%— 
H H — 

8 b : 
7% + 
IS H - 
44 
+ 
S n * 

 j l i t * 

 t i 

% 
% 
% 
1 
2 
1% 
% r n , aal 

14% 
?>% 
17% f , 
25% 
4% 
14% 
4% i t 
$o% 
P l 
46 a 
62 t% l f , 
12 
IM H 
• s n 

P 
23% l ho 
31% 
6% 

1o% 

 b19% 

1 1 
11% 
6% 

77 
18% 
14% 
3% 
19% 
I f a 

I 
34% 
48' a 
4% 
U U 
24% 
99 
84% 
17 
25% 

B S 

 f j ’ » 
IO Va s n 
14% 
JO a 
31% 
3% 
44% 
SH 
6% 
Th 

V ,E P p!9 75 
<88o 
V aEP PIJ 9o 
99 
VE77 pf 7 7? 
<45o 
VaEP pf 7 45 
<572o 
Vomaoo inc IO 
456 
Vulcan M tr I IO 1o2 
WabR ptASO 
<1o 
W achova 
5o l l 
544 
Wach pf 2 TO 
9 
Wach P ity 
46o 
Wai M a rt 
1o 14 
4oo 
W algrn 
I IO 8 
213 
W ik rA I 4oa 
9 
71 
W all Bus 
AO 
9 
73 
Wan Me 
I 
8 
228 
W alM pf I TO 
J 
W altJlm I 2o 9 
634 
W ait J pf 
I 
<42o 
W altJ p ti ad 
34 
W ardFd a ft 
142 
W arnaco 
AOI 
M I 
Wrnc pf I SO 
I i 
W arns 
I 2o 17 
1«t 
W rnCom to 
I to I 
WrnC pf4 is 
I 
W mC Pf I 
25 
4 
Arrn e rCD 
AP 
I *89 
Warner L 
I 14 3378 
WashGs I 88 17 
778 
Was!. Nat to 
7 
A’ 
WasN pf 2 SO 
8 
W ash S' I 
I 
5 
48 
WasWat I 76 
8 
259 
W asfeM 
IO , 12 
SOI 
W a'km J 
3? IS 
244 
WayGos 
M 
7 
4o 
WayG pf I AO 
2 
Wean U nit 
9 
98 
Wee pf ? 2ok 
JO 
W eethrd 
SO 
7 
84 
W e t* Dei 
E 
12 1o71 
WeiSMkt 
72 
9 
19 
WeHsFrgo 
I 
8x1299 
W ellF M 
54, 21 
355 
W fPP p H SO 
1,1)o 
W tPtPep 2 4o 
8 IRA 
WstCfTr I 94 
9 
17 
W n A irL 4oa l l 
631 
W nBnr 
I 4o 
9 
6o7 
WnNor A 
4ob 5x174 
WnPac Ind 
A 
JOI 
WnPgfcl (Ob 
6 
357 
WUnion I 4o l l 1o9$ 
WnUn p!4 AO 
IO 
WnUn pf« 9 o 
IT 
WnUn pf 
A 
W n U n ^ f? 56 
IJJ 
W t+ fgE l 
97 
J t » j 
Wesfg pf J 8o 
, jso 
Wxtxaco I IO 43 
SOI 
W e.D ig I 16 
5 
27 
W eyerhr 
8o 46 2518 
Weyr pf 2 8o 
ISS 
W heeler aba 13 517 
W helLE STS 
<18o 
W heelP’t Sfl IO 
177 
W hat» tt pf a itc 
W h fl+ ir pf 5 
<26o 
WmnpOl 
RO 14 
744 
W hitecone la 
7 785 
Wh.tC p lC l 
I) 
W hite MCI 
U55 
W hiting I JO 
6 
39 
W h itta k e r l l 
721 
Wickes t» 
IO 828 
W ieddtkt 
12 
7 
66 
WillmsCDS I IO 1887 
W illm s pI 8o 

T S H ) 1% 

1o7 
W innD* I 5 
Winn Dix 8 
Winnebago 
W inlar J 
8os w .ecE iP w 2 
WISE pf 19o w ts f pf t h 
■ ■ 
WisGas I TO la 
U2 
W IIG pf 2 55 
6 

68% 
M U 
I f , 
7% 
UH 
9* a 

24 
989 
8% 
I 7x119 
19% 
IO 
331 u n 
<878 IM H 
. a 

 t a I I p 
WI t ir o 
8o 5 
41# 15% 
W otvrW toe 6x377 
4% 
Worn el co 48 
9 
4o5 
U H 
WoodCp 
IO, 4 
JJT 
7% 
Wood Pat 
IO I} 
344 21% w bi re rn 
I 2o 
7 1874 
25% 
Wotw pf 2 IO 
71 
J9'a 
W orldA ir 
28 
JJC 
4% 
W rigly 2 
« a 9 
84 731, 
W urltzer 
4o 5 
43 l l 
W ylam 
4o l l 
248 11% 
W yly Corp 
14S8 
1% 
Xerox Cp 1 3o 1*475o s9 
X tra In t OM 
1ox1o11 14% 
V |H s md 
IO 
1S7 
U H 

Y I 

25 x 
3o% 
14 
44 
9' 1 
8o% 
U H 

 a ') f o r p m aiepfA so 
'apa'a 
3ob apata p f 
2 
Zayre ft ,'? t 
751 

7 IM I 
14% 
U H 
>4 
U H 
U H 
4 IOU 
I ) 
U H 

S 'a 
23% .............. 
9% lu m in a 
[an 1 th Rad I 13 2143 
IO 
5‘ 
U t 

U H 

I d 
V 

C B B B 

^ 
_ 
W lE H L V MY STOCK SALES * 
Total for week 
• Woe* ago 
Tear ago 
........................................................... 
Two years ago 
...................... ...................... 
Jan I to data 
197$ to date 
1974 lo Paia .. 

Y early 
H igh lo w 
21% 

P a g e 

“ I ----------- 

4 - C 
S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S —— S a t u r d a y . J a n u a r y I 
1 9 7 7 

8% 
5% 
4% 
37% 
4% 
6% 
AH 
Pit 
14 
1o% 

9% 
7% 
34% 
1o% 
7% 

13 
12% 
5"? 
21% 
7% 
14% 
IV. 
8% 
IO'-a 
4% 
12 
6% 
3’ a 
?' a 
18% 
4% 
8% 
7% 
VS 
13% 
7% 
39% 
5 Va 
34% 
3 o ', 
26'/. 
8% 
8% 

8% 
7% 
11% 
47% 
22 Va 
7% 
37% 
37 
SH 

 l l 

15 
G orm R 
9oa 
,. 
2% Gould IT nae 169 
5% G randA u 
JO 
5 
74 
6% G rndC tl 
3o 
6 
21 
2% G tAm tnd 
4 
95 
2% G tBasln Pet 59 1459 
25% G fLkCh 
28 
14x 299 
2% G tLskR 
22r IO 
9 
2% Green rn an 
4 j \ j 
8% G reer My 
12 
5 
4 
4% G R E IT 
.4o 
6 
64 
IO 
G rosaTlc 
I 
8 
7 
6% G rowC 
32b 
7 
55 
2 ' , l l 16 G ru en In d 
113 114 
% I 32 G u a rd M t wt 
8% G uardCh .4oo 
4'/, G u ilfo rd 
2o 
2o% G IfO ilC an 
I 
4 ", G ulfR ep Fin 
3Va G lfs trm LD 
.ii* * 9 16 H a ico P ro d u n 
6 ’ a H allsM ot 5o 
5% 
3% Ham pD 
!5e 
9 97 
3% H am ptn Ind 
3 
81 
1o% H annfrd 
6o 
5 
4o 
8% H anvrSh ,6o 
5 
14 
2v. H anvrSq RI! 
1o9 
16 
H arland ilia IO x74 
3 ', H a rtfd Zdy 
IO 
H a rtzM 
JU 
12 
% H arvey G rp 
4 
3' ? Hasbro ind 
5 
6% Hasting 
4oa 
6 
3 
H a w a ii lOr 
4 
5 
Health Chm 
3% H e alth M 
JO 
1% H einick 
o5e 
8 
1 
H e ltm n M fg 
8% Her M a i 
72 
6 
2’ ? H iG ln c 
151 
78 
5 
Hi Shear 
o7| 
625 
3% H ighlnd Cap 
3% H illha vn 
32 
6 
S'7, H ip trn ic 
.2o 
U 
1% Hofm n Ind 
22 
2 5 ', H olngA 
I 8o IO 
2 
H o lly Corp 
8 
M n HomeOA 
75 
8 
2on HomeOB .75 
7 
16% H orm elG I I? 
8 
4% Horn H a rd rt 
5 Va Ho SOM 
6oe 23 
5 16 I 16 H o s p M tg w f 
14% 
11% Hotel In 
I 37e 12 
4V, HousRon 
3o 
5 
4 
House VI 
.32 l l 
6% H ospM tr In 
26 
32' ? HouO IIM 
8o 31 
12% HowelC 
4oe 
9 
3% Howell 
15e 
3 
27' , Hubei IA I SO IO 
28% Hubei IB I 5o IO 
3% H uckM fg 
2o 12 
1% Hudson Gen 

(hds.) High lo w 
8 
14 
19% 
19U 
51 
3% 
76 
AV. 
21 
9 
HS 
6 
34'n 
6'/. 
3 Va 
5% 
6% 
134, 
1o% 
1% 

2% 
5% 
7% 
5 
5% 
33% 
AU 
3% 
5 ', 
6 
13% 
9% 
I 

N et la it Chg. 

 i» n + n 
3% + 
% 
6 V. + 
% 
PS— 
1, 
5% + 
% 
5%.... 
34'/. + 
% 
AV. + 
VR 
3'n — v* 
5% + 
% 
6% + n 
13% + n 
IO'/. + 
% i n 
43 M A I 32 I 32— I 32 
8% 
J 
24% 
97k 
5% 
2513 16 
272 u n 
4 
6'a 
12% io n s n 
18% 
4% 
U H 
Va a n 
IO'/. 
3% 
8% 
6' a 
1% 
1% 
IS'/. 
3’ e 
6% a3, r n 
7% 
2% 
2on s n 
2 7 ', 
24 
26'k 
6% 
6% 

41% 
12% 
3% 
23'x 
5% 
25 av, 
1o% 
8 Va 

31 
H u dB O I 52 t x 18 
6 
H u ffm an 
SO 
2 
Hunt H it 
OSr 
1 6', HuskyO 
8o 
3 
Hycef Inc 
17", H yd rm pf 6o 
21, I CH Co 
32t 
3% ICMR 
5 
IMCAWj 

274 
165 
155 
28 
46 
><« 
226 
74 
98 
627 
15 
53 
5 
17 
IOO 
157 
38 
5 
819 
3o 
2 
45 
65 
9o 
2oo 
“ u n s n 
5 
9 
47% 
18% 
4% 
34% 
34", 
4% 
4 ". 
347) 

7% 
47k 
25 Va 
9% 
5 Va 
% 
12 
3V. 
5% un 
1o% a 
17% 
4% 
12% 
% 
7% 
9 ", 
3% 
6% 
6 i n 
1% 
18'a 
2'k 
6% 
4'/? 
6% 
6% 
2% 
27", 
4% 
27% 
23'/, 
25 
6 
AU 

8 % + 
.. 
5 
.......... 
26% + 
% 
9 % + 
% 
5%. . . 
% +1-16 
13%+ I 

6 Va + I 
12% + 
1o%+ 
5 
+ I 
18% + 
4% + 
13 
— 

8 
1o% + 
3V.+ 
8% + i n * 
1% + 
V. 
1% + i8 % + n 
3 H + 
% 
Ala— 
I , 
4% + 
% 
7% + 
% 
7% + 
3. 
2% + 
Ie 
2 in + I " , 
47/,+ 
% 
27%.. 
24 
+ 
2 5 % - 
6 
— 
6% + 

3o 
63 
1o7 
75 
3598 
83 
» 
13 
42 
35 
65 

 k I 16 3 32 

IV. 

1% 

3 
2"? ISC Pint 
% ITI Corp 
8 
43 16 Im p C h 
3oe 
113 16 
% Im p G rp o8e 
1% Im per ind 
18% Im p O ilA 
86 
1% Inarco 
BV, Incoterm A al in d p lP L pta 
I 
In flig h t Svc i n Inolex Corp 
3 n Instron 
2o 
7 " , ll 16 In s tru m Sys 
24 
- 
I 
- 
3% 
6% 
12% 
2% 
23 
3'k 
7% u n 
4’ , 
V s 

1% 

 a n 
26% 
3% 
2o% 
49 
2% 
3'» 
5 Va 

3o 3o 

249 
31 
233 
257 
I 
49 
147 
24 
89 
83 
6 
348 
I 
53 
12 1719 
15 
13 
92 
. ZUO 
2o1 
9o 
48 
14o9 
67 
4 
193 
6 
147 
A 
73 
8 3227 
1ox222 
17? 

 f t 

 i t 
I"? 
1 6 ', 
12% 
2'? 
18% av. 
5 n 
18% 
9% 
15% 
A' ? 
8 

 lU k 
13 
1o% 
12", 
57, 
2o% a n 
AV. 
8 V. 
16 
8% s a n 
7% 
5% 
6% 
7% 
34' 1 
3% 
9% 

7% InsSy pf Me 
I " , In te g rt Res 
2% 
Intrm ed co 
6 
147 4% av. 
5% 
In tlA lu m 
5o 6 
73 l l 
IO ". 
I "a 
Intl Banknot 8 
3227 2’ a 
2% l l " , IntCoor 
28 1ox222 
14 
12% 
IVa 
Int Foodsvc 
172 
1% 
1% 
I " , InFuneralS 
5 
279 2Va 
1% 
8 
IntG e nln 
TO 4 
86 13"* 
12’ k 
17* Int P roteins 7 
197 4 ', 
3% 
4% Intseaw 
25e 3 x9 
7 ', 
7’ a 
I '* Int Stretch 
9o iv , iv , 
15'k IntSyCon 
25 4 
119o 2 o ', 
16 
' , In te rp h o to 
77 v . n 16 
9% In te rp o o l 
9 
213 
16"? 
15% 
5 
Inte rw a y Cp 21 
411 12% l l Va 
I 
Investm Fla 
138 i n 
S% In v o lv e rs 
A 2oe 
519o18% 
2% Inv Devers 
B.OSe 
4148 av. 

12% 
3% 
2o% 
4'k 
TOH 
3% 
6"? 
6% 
3 V. 
% 
6 
1 ’n 
2% 
22’ a 
2 
13% 
49 
1% 
2'a 
4% i n i i 
IV. 
4% l l 
2% 
14 
1% un 
4 ", 
7 n 
IV. 
2on 

12"? 
4% 
4% 

A f t 
17V. 
3?k 

 r 
3% 
3% 
34% 
11% 
31* 
19% 
3 ', 
2o", 
3 ", 
57» 
6 
3 
" , 
5"? 
I " . 
2'k 
21% 
2 
117k 
47in 
1% a% 

VS Inve stR lt Tr 
13 
Ionics Inc 
6% tro q B rd 
2o 
U U Iro q B m d p f 
3% Irv ln ln d 
16t 
6 ', Is ra e lD 
75e 

7oe 
Av. Jaclyn 
7V. Jacobs 
4 ', Jam sw y OSr 
8% Jeannet 
2o 
2 
Jetronlc ind 
7% JohnPd 
36 
2 '* Juniper Pet 
2% Ju pite r 
Ind 
3% K Tel In 
45e 

28o 
37 
HO 
37 
77 
IO 

J 
K 
E 
4oa 
5 
9J 
7 
5 
6 

4 ", 
15'a 
7% 
14 V. 
5% 
6' 1 

IV 
16% an 
3% 
14% 
6% 
UH 
4% 
A ", 

12%— 
7k sn + % 
47k + 
% 
9 
+ 
% 
47% + 3% is va * 
7k 
4 '/.+ 
' a 
34'/.+ I 
34V,+ iv . 
4% ........ 
4 ". + 
% 
34 V a* 
Va 
12%+ 
TS 

2o% ) 1% 
3 'k - n 
JO U— 4 ". 
3 '» - 
% 
6"?+ 
H 
6% + 
% 
J 'a + 
% n ........ 
5% + 
% 
1 % +1.16 
2'k— 
' , 
22 
+ 
V. 
2 
13%+ Ma 
49 
+ i n 
1% ........ 
2 
+ 
% 
4% — 
' , 
I 
+ 
V, 
1o7/,+ 2 
1% 
. 
4 % ) 
% 
U 
+ 
% 
2va* 
% la 
+ is 
1% + 
% 
2% + 
% 
13 
+ 
% a n + 
% 
7 Va— 
I , 
1% 
18’ , + 
% 
Va 
1 6 ',+ 
7/, 
12%+ I i n * 
% 
18'/.+ 
% 
4%— n 
4 U + 
% 
15%+ 1% 
TU + 
% 
14% + n 
5% + 
H 
AH 

 k 
8 
K a is rln d 
26 IO 1345 

 l l 
8% 
2o% 
5% 
A' a tov. 
TS 
35'a 
9% 
4 
2% a *, 
6% 
6' 1 
9% 
11% 
2% 
2% 
4' , 
2% 
1o% lU k 
25 
2% 
SH 
6 ', 
14% 
4 
9 
7% 
1o 
7% 
7% 
4% u n 
3 
19% 
8% 
8% 
3 '* 
18% 
77 
7% 
7% 
3% 

4% K an e M lll wt 
45 
KnG E pf4 5o 
V t K a p o k ! 
Tot 
2% KayC p 
o7e 
4% KenwinS 
34 
4 'k K etchm 
Io» 
12% Kewanee 72 
1% Key Co 
5% K eystln d .3o v . K iddo wt 
Ma Kin A rk Crp 
I'k K ing O pticl 
6% K ingR d 
2oe 
47k Kit-------- 
8% 

99 
<24o 
56 i t 
13 
39 
931 
74 
91 n 
3o5 
116 
9o ngstlp 
2o 5 
152 ir b y t x p 
8 
69o 

 l l 

1% K it M fg 
Ma K ieerV u ind a 
4'a K le m o n s 
6 
13% K nlckT oy 
IS IO 
18% K o llm o r 
.5o 12 
6% Kuhn S ir 
IO 
5 
2’k L SB Ind 
1or 
5 
% L T V C o rp w t 
V s L aB arge 
o6 
9 
3% L aM aur 
JO 
7 
5 
L aP o int 
2oe 
9 
5% LaQ u inta M 
7 
6rs L afyR a d 
26 
7 
1% L a k e S hore 
4 
Ma L n d m rk Lb 
V > Lanec o 
o8e 
4 l'k LaTour BcK l l 
6% Lea Ron 
78* 
7 
7% LeatbCo 
.5o 

13 
89 
15 
73 i i i 
49 
144 
9 

7% 
12% 
9 'k l l 
3’/, 
9 
3'k 
6% 
5% 
15 
4% 
5o Va 
5 'k 
4% 
6 'k 
A", 
34% 
3 
9"a 
2’ k 
1% 
1% 
7% 
7% 
2o% 

7% 
12 
9 'k ion 
3% 
8% 
2% 
A n 
4% 
14 'k 
V t 
SO 
V s 
4% 
6% 
6 'k 
32n 
1% 
I 'k 
1% 
1% 
IU 
7 
6% 
17 
3% 
3' a 
6% 
74' j 
32% 
6% 
2% 

I 

IS 
L oe E ntr 
52 13 
I U Lee N atl 
3 
Lee Fktarm 
3 
Lehigh Pres 
A’ * Leigh P r 
6o 
Ma Leisure Tee 
A'? L e v ittln 
24 
SU L ew isB F 
24 
4% L ib e rty Fab 
4 
L ig h to fr 
16 
4 
L in lA n n 
22 
2% L in co ln Am a 
Lloyds Elec 
1% Lodges 
12c 
13% Lob m n 
8ort 
4% LoewTh# wt 

3 ', 
7 ', 
28 
15 Va 
7 
3 
1121 9 16 7 16 
142 
2% 
2'a 
5o 
4% 
4' a 
29 
5% 
5’k 
54 
8% 
8% 
614 a% 
I ' 3 
14523 16115 16 
1o6 
1% 
I 
3% 
2 'k 
9 n 
U H 

4% Log I con 
M i L og istic Me 
9 
LaGenSv 8o 
19% LocnsCe I 32 
1% Lundv Elec 
I 
Lynch Corp 
I 
L y n n w ear 

 n 
39 
45 
71 
129 
252 
42 
67 
4o 
1o2 
29 
I 
67 
39 
21 
24o sot 
IIT 
92 
1729 
36 
TO 
29 
U 
54 
IOO 
38 

4% 
5% 
14% 
2% 
7 v« 
6 
8 
6% 
5% 
3% a n a n 
IT’ , 
o% 
I 
2% 
11% 
24% 
3% 
3% 
1% 

2% 
4'a 
8% 
Ma 
16% 
5’ * 
9 ', 
4% s n 
2 

1% M DC Corp 
2% M PO Video 
7 
M W A 
4ob 
M a c ro d Ind 
I ) Va M ePbS 
I 4o 
7% M am m M r* 
J U M ngood iii 
3% Manh L ie 
28 
3% M ans! T 
o2r 
13 16 M a rin d u q B 
M 
M a rk C tl 
28 
JH M arlene Ind 
3% M a rsh a ll Fd 
4% M arsh al Ind 
18% M a rtP r ,4oc 
6% M aslnd 
4oa 
23% MasneMn 
JO 
1% M asters Inc 
4% M a te r Re 
28 
4 
M aut Bro 
% M cC row t 
V t Mc C ii IO 
6% M eintsh 
Ma M cKeon Cn 
IO' ? M eansF 1 M 
9 ', 
5% M e d a ls ! 44 
3%15 I * M e d a ln G rp 

M 
N 
C 
) 
78 
» 
8 
. _ 
3841J I# 
J 
15% 

V s 
3% 
7% 

76% ion 
A i n 
32". 
IOU 
39% 
J U 
12% 
7% 
1% 
5' • 
22% 
4 la u n 

JU 
37 
22o 
144 
322 
111 
124 
13 
JI 
184 
85 

 l l 

4% 
4% 
4' , 

3% 
1% 
8% lOVa 
22% 
I U a n 
5% 
13% 
1% 
6% 
5% 
7 
6 
5% 
I'a 
5% 
2% 
16+a 
TU 
7 ', 
2% 
17% 

V t 
7% 
I "a 

7 r n 
Tim 
% 
15% 
4% 

 lab 

4% 
9% 
8% 
TOH 
IT 
18 
2% 
IT a i n 

M edco Jwfy 16 
5% Medenco 
2o 
A i n M edfield Cp 
4 
141. v e d a On 
4U 
9 
7% M egolnt 
2o 
5 
IM , M E M Co 
I 
% M ercant ind 
8% M ete* 
IO 
% M e tro c a re 
% M e tro G rfg 
Ma M ich Gam 
9% M ichSugar I 
5' 1 M ic k lb ry 
16 
I'? M idi BCO 
IO 
9% M idlG IS 24o 
3 ', M ille r H 
13% M ille r WO 4o 
U 'k M ilR o y 
25 
% M ission IT 
I 64 M is s io n l w t 
ITV. M oP tcR I JO 

4 
18 
I 
42 
26 1887 
TO 
9 
741 
. 
MI 
6 
18 
6 *7 3 
124 

28% M ilc h ) E 
IO 
848 
3 ', M ite C p 
2o 
8 
M odern Md 
6% Moi yc rp w i a i. M onM gt 
4o 
44 
M onP pta 4o 
48 
M on pf Ca so 
8% Moos 
RO 
1% M fg G th asc­ a n M o rto n s 
72 i n M onssop m 
18% M f V M I! I 2o 
V t M ovS tar 
38 
I 
M o v e t ab 
J U M u lllA m 
» 
1% Napco 
.M b I M 
M 

5 
N D is tr' 
14 N a iH lth 

2o 39 
2o IO 

I 
15% 
A1 , 
73% 
23% 
V i 
% 
JJU 
41% 
I 
7% 
25% 
4 
51 
SI 
U U 
4% 
7% 
4% u n 
4% 
2% i n 
8% 
K 

1 % 
THU 
2% r * i i d 
8% 
8% 

 u n 
1o% i n 

 k 

U H i n 

B B 
17% io n 
28% 
4% 
I u n 
I 
I 
U H 
, , 
5% 
2% N ortek 
11)4 3 18 No Am M I 
U H 
I 
Nor A m « 
IO 
8 
4 % 4J IR N o rC d n O ilS IO 
S in 
48 
N IP S pf 8 25 
7% Novo Corp 
I 
N uclear Cut 19 
8% Nom ac O Os 19 
3% OE A im 
IO 
9 
A's O akw d Hem 
o6r i i " , O fH h o r, Cd 
4 
V s Q hioA rt 
2ta 
28% O hioB 
24 
S eal/ 
4o 

ITA 
■ 257 
I 
4 
» r n 
I 
255 
A *98 
IO 
I 
744 
357 
Sa 
I 
1o5 
1 
UT 
I 
45 
I 
15 
I 
74 

I j S 
I 
151 
225 

1% 
% 
27% 

4% 
4% 

7\ 
14% 
7% 
8% 
S 
% 
J U 
22% 
V s 
U U 
8% 
1% 
1% 
7% 

 j T 
17’ 

I 
24% 
P l 
S 
VS 
23 V. 
9'-? 
JOU 
3 n 
8% 
5% 
% 

72% 
4% 
12% 
* n 
1% 
7% 
4 
5% 
TO u n 
IT' a 
I 
1o% 
8% 
I'a 15 14 l u l l 14 
3% 
3% 

/% + 
% un* n 
9% + 
% ion* % 
3% + 
Va 
8% 
. . . 
2% 
. . . . 
4% + n 
S U .... 
15 
+ 
% a v .) 
% 
5o% + M/a 
5'k + 
% in* n 
4% + 
'■* 
4% .......... 
34%+ iv , 
3 + 1 % o n 
1% i n . . . . . . 
1% + n 
T s e - 
% 
7"a+ 
% 
2o 
+ 3% 
8 U + n 
J ', + n 
A H — 
% 
77% +3% 
34 Va + ?Va 
7 
+ 
" , 
3 
— is n .......... 
2% 
4 ',— 
"a s n - 
% 
8% + 
" , 
SH— 
% 
2 'k + 
% 
1% + 
% 
3% + 
% 
2 
. . . , 
9% + 
" , u n * 1 
28'k + Ha 
1% + 
Va 
4% + 
% 
5% _____ 
14%+ 
% 
J U * 
% 
T U * 
" , 
J U - 
<s 
7 U + 
U 
4 'k ........ 
5%+ 
% 
3%— 
% 
A U * 
% 
2 '/,+ 
'/a 
IT 
. 
8U + 
% 
/V t'*- 
Val 
2% l l ' . ) 
% 
24% + 
Va 
Ha 
J% + 
" , 
Ma 

2 
. . . . . i% + 
% 
7 % ~ 
% 
% + 1 14 
15%+ 
% 
4% + 
% 
4 'k - 
Va 
8 U — 
I , 
8 
+ 
U 
I 
. . . . 
24%+ 1% 
7’ , — 
% 
4% + 
% 
A H - 
% 
2 2 % - 
% 
4% + 
% 
34% + 2% i n + 
% 
8 % - 
% 
5 
- 
% 
% 
. . . . 
3 H + 
% 
22% + 
Va 
8*8+ 
% u n * 
% 
8% — 
% 
1% 
18 
8 H + 

 l t % 

 iv . 

11% 
8'a 
4% un 
4% 
23% 
15% 
1% 

 l l 
4% 
4% 
11% 
5% 
71U 
18% 
1% 
24o I l l I 44 I 44 
14 
12 
11% 
32 
H H 
7% 

17% - 
14%— 
I 
IO , + 
IU* 
I 
1% + 
% la *— 
1, 
11% ) 
% 
4 'k — 
% 
4% + 
% 
1JV,+ I 
4 ', + I'k 
7 1 + 1 % i f n + 
Ab 
K 

53 

IS z'2o 
<7o 
54 k75 s i et 

>8 
19 
1o9 
42 
42 
21 u 
4o8 

4o% 
I 
7’ , 
24% s n s i 

IO 

21% N E N u cir 
IO ', N H am p 

5 TI 
944 
7 I t 
44 
1o1 
48 
14 
M 
Ta 
I * 

 n % 
U U 

N «rd«M 
12% Na* c s s 
■ 
I* 
4 
■ E n t 
I 
I 
' ? N a ! Ind wt 
M» N K m ney Cp t 
N et 
Pat agn JO 
A '. Net Paten) 
Ti 
2% Net Stiver is* 
2'k Net Sp nog 
1% Net System 
I 
1o% NatwHO 
I? 
3% Net m e r Bro 
Ma N e lly Don 
1% Nelson 
LB 
Ha N e S tL M l l 

% New id fia O a e * 
15% NM cx A n i 
SI 
9% NProc 
A l* 
I 
U U N Y T lm as to 
AW NewbEn 
2o 
18 
Newcor 
1b 
3% N ew parkH s in N e x u i i8t 
I I H N iegFSv i t 
_ 
I 
TU N ichols SE ITI 4 59 
7 
Noel Indus! 
4 
58 
.* N ote* CP a l 
I la 
o* H a llie 
WI 
UA 
N o rA m K 
IO 
I ^231 

<8o 
84 

SU 
5% 
1% 
14 
V s 
I U 
8% in 

A : s n i n 
ITO H % 
547 
2% 

4254 
*4 

 l l 1 $ 
ISS 
I 
817 
I I 
IS 

 i 
7 
84 la ln d 
2o) 
7 a 2 me Sys 
14 49 leg Cop 2o1225o ig m a l, 
| } lOlehto 
IAI 
44 m end Ind 
18 77 
(UH VT: 
AO 
4 
I 

1o% 
4% 
1% 
I 
4 
11% 
4% 
1% 
7% 
1% 

B B 

 is v s 
1% 
14% 
4% 
IU 
4% 
2% 
A* u n 
7% 

I n 

B iS% 
8 
8 
8 181o 
81 
17% 
IT 
A k 

7% 
21 
I 
8 9 ', 

IM , sn 

S i: is% 

 t B a ', f% 
1% 

' I d 
1% 
AA 
1% 
1o% 

!% 
2% 
4% u % 
8 
1% 
1% 
I'/, 

B B 
1 

’ .*% 
21% 
8% i n 
11% 
1% i 
8% 
2% 
Va u n 
4 % 

I 
3% s n l$Ak 
5% 
84% 
7% 

2*% 

K 

*% 
12% 
4% 

1% 

1 9 % * 1% 
• 
+ 
% 
7'n — n 
28% + 1% 

 ii 1 

K 
! s n — 
% 
J A ** 
% 
14 
+ 
" , 
7% + 
% i n * 
% 
« • ■ . . . • 
• • , + 
% 

» k + 
% i n * 
% i*b — 
% 

1i i : d 
4 'k + 
1, 
I U * 
Ut 
J 
+ 
" , 
5 
♦ 
% 
13% ) 
% 
8% + 
% i n * 
% i n + 
% i n flu - u 
7'k— 
% 
1%+ 
% 
24A4+ 
% 
IOU 
Ab 
IO U * 
% 
*'■<+ I n u + 
% 
8 % ) 
% 
W E ...... i l % - 
% 
8% + n 
I — n 
A U ) 7% 
7 U + 
% 
U t I i i u % + 
% 
7U + 
U 
M U * I U 
J % + 
% 

IO'/. ) I* * 

 i 
\ 
% 

 w 
84%"— 
% 

 f t 

C 
: 

 t i . 

2 '-a 

Y ,o rly 
H igh lo w 

’,1% son 
57% 
55% 
91 
2o% 
6o 
33% 
V t 
5 
8% 
13% 
3% 
26'a 
4% 
S 
7% 
I 
7 
VS 
9% 
32% 
7 

4 5p»1 12 
9 apt 2 37 
8 2pfJ o5 i f apt 
J 
2o"? PG 7 8 pfl 96 
72% P G E 9pt? TS 
21 Va PG 8. Ip U .o8 
23 % PG 9 2pf2 3? 
11% PG 4 3 pfl o9 
4Va PHoldg 
16 
15 
PHold pf I 2o 
43 
Pac L f pt4 36 
44 
Pac L f pf 4 5o 
45% P acLt pf 4 TS 
73% P acLt pf7 64 
U U PNwTel I 32 
52 
P acP Lpf 
5 a v . P a iic o rp 
4o 
3Va Pandl Brad! 
3 
Pantast 
3o 
4% P araP k 
2oa 
7% ParKCh 
48a 
I "a P ark El lOe 
18"? ParsonsR 
8o 
2% P sf Fashion 
3'a Patagonia 
3% PatoCC. 
4 
P eerTu 
2oa 
4' ? P e m co r 
PennDix wt 
I i 
6% Pen En M 
6oa 
19 
PenTr I 2ob 
6 
3% PECO 
681 
4 
14% 
9% Pen RI E I 15 
8 
5% 
7% PenobS 
2oe 
4 
I'? 
% Pentron Ind 
5 
2 5', 
17v . Pep Boys lb 
6 
16’ a 
11 
PepCom 
6o 
4 
8'a 
4% P e rin lQ 
3oa 
8% 
3% PertecC m p 
9 
16% 
6% Petro Lew is 2o 
8% 
5% P h ilL D 
34e 
3 
4'x 
2% Phoenix Stl l l ’ . 
7 ", P lcN P ay 
2o 
7 
4% 
1% Piedm ont In 
4 
2",11 14 P io ne er Sys 
8% 
6 
PionTex 
.8o 
5 
5% Pi IWV a 56a IO 
14% P itD eM I 2oa 
5 
28% P itfw ay 1.2o 12 
15% P iacrD v 
.8o 2o 
Ria P lant Ind 
15% P lantm c .12 13 
2% PlyG em .SIT 
7 

Sales 
(bds i H igh la w 
16 
13% 
13 
28 Va 
‘ 
25’k 
24 
23 V. 
26", 
25 
263a 
13 
12 
15% 
48’ , 
51% 
51’/, 
91 
2o 
6o 
313k 
5 
5 
5% u n 
3% 
21% 
3 "4 
4% 
6% 
5% 
7 l l , 
9% 
31'a 

2o 
23 
22 
87 
13 
164 
4 
5 
64 
I 
<1oo 
<28o 
<4o 
116 
US 
<75 
141 
93 
78 
67 
IO 
22 
173 
5o 
79 
129 
I xl4 
1o2 
147 
I 
49 
6 
25o 
16 

61, 
24% 
42% 
261. 
I U , 
26 
4% 
23,a 
2% 
14% 
4", 
7% u n is 
31 
6% 
8 
24% 
4 
41 « 
2o% 
18% 
5% 
12 
IO3* 
V i 
5 
4 V, 
54 
7 
5 
7% 
P l 
8% 
2% 
2 
44 
4% 
3 
V t l l 
5% 
17% 

B is 

’t i : 
4% 
25 
V t 
18 u n 
19% 
3% 
2% 
7 
IO". 
1% 
14 
2% 

14 
4 ", 
1% 
23 Va 
16% 
8% 
7% 
16% 
6% 
3% 
1o% 
2 
1% 
7% 
6V, 
24 
37% 
2o 
8 ", 
24 V. 
4% 
2 ", 
2 
IO 
PneuSca 
8o 13 <6oo 
111, 
J U 
7 
11% 
15 
31 
6% 
7% 
23 Va 
7% 
TV. 
9% 
14% 
3 
12 
9% 
1% 
5 
3’, 
52% 
6% 
2% 
41, Purepac Lb o3e l l 
19 5 
5 
Que be or Inc 
7 
I 
6% 
4% RB 
Ind 

IU P lym R ub A 
M/a P lym R ub B 

Mk Poloron 
Pd 
5 'k P olychr 
291 
3 
3% P ra irie Oil 
18 
IO 
PraM Lm b 
I 
6 
24% P ra tL pf2.2S 
4% P rattR d 
3o 
6 
6% P rattR pf .66 
19% PrenHa 1.12 12 
J '/a PresReait A 
1% PresReait B 
6 
Presley Cos 
9 
13 
Preston 
TO IO 
2% P rim M t 
121 IO 
8Va PrpCT I 2oe IO 
8% ProvGas 
8o 
8 
1% P rdR IE 
16 
2% PrudBdg .24 
A 
2 "a Prod Group 
45Va PSCol p f4.25 . 
7'/. P o lit Hmes 
7 
V t PuntaG rd Is l l 

 u s 
18 
ST i 16? 
555 
346 
19 
255 
59 
36 
151 
175 
49 
33 
53 
34 
186 
77 
71 
3o 
IT 

169 
8o 
2o5 
42 
9 
58 
4 
177 
19 
79 
57o 
37 
43 
47 
18 
16o 
4o8 
41 
<875 
85 
119 

I U R E D M Cp iv . R E TInc Fd 
35% RET pf 4 38 
1% RHM ed SVC 
M/a RPS Prod 
1% RSC Indust 
5 
RLC Corp.OSe 
3 'k Recon 
2oa 
6% RaganB 
)5e 
5 
13% Rancors Ex 25 
12% RangrO Can SI 
1o% Ransbrg 
SO 
5 
% R a pd A m w t 
. 
2% Rath Pack 
13% R aym P r 
4o 21 is Reading Ind 

191 
77 
334 
27 
5o 
28 
125 

8 i n 
2 
42% 
V t 

5 344 
5 
36 
255 
152 
65 
168 

27% 
24% 
24 
23% 
25% 
23% 
26", 
12% 
11% 
15% 
48 a 
5o% 
51% 
9o 
19", 
59 
29 
4' a 
4% 
4% 
IM/* 
3 
19% 
J TS 
VS 
V t 
5 ", 
6% 
1% 
9 u n 
3% 
13% 
4% 

B i* 
?% 
6% 
14% 
6% 
7% 
9% 
Ha 
I U 
7% 
6'k 
23 
35% 
19", 
7% 
23% 
4% 
1% iv* l l " . 
2'k 
6'k 
91, 
13% 
3o 
6 'k 
7% 
23 
V t 
V t 
8 ", 
13% 
2% 
11% 
9 ', 
1% 
4% 
3% 
S II. 
6 
2% 
4 V. 
6% 
6% 
Ma 
1% 
42 
3% 
1% 
1% 
8% 
3% 
8% 
U H 
17% 
12% 

% 
Mk 
M r 

+ I 

Va 
% 
1% 

N et la s t Chg 
13% ) I 
27%.......... 
2 5 ",+ I 
24 
— 
Va 
23% + 
% 
2 6 ",+ 
V. 
24% + 
I , 
24%+ 
% 
13 
+ 
% u n ........ 
15% 
4 8 % - 
51'k + s in — 
9! 
+ 
19% 
6o 
3o V, + I " , 
5 
+ 
" , 
5 
+ . n 
SU * 
11'/,+ 
JU * 
71% + it s— n 
4% + u 
6 % + 
% 
5 % + 
% 
6' , + 
' , 
I " , ........... 
9 'k 
31U + 
% 
3% + n 
14 
4' , + 
V, 
1 
23% + 
% 
164b— n s n + 
% 
7% ) 
% 
16'/*+ 1% 
4 'k + 
U 
2H— 
’ , 
1o"a + 
% 
2 
+ 
"a 
1% ........... 
7% + 
Va 
6 'k .......... 
2 3 ",+ 
" , 
37% + 2 ", 
1 9 ',+ I 
8 
+ 
Va 
2 4 '/,+ 
% 
4 Va + 
’ 1 
2 % + 
Va 
J 
+ 
" , 
U % + 
H i n + 
% 
4 % + 
Va u n * M , 
14%+ I 
31 
+ I 
Alk— 

"k Reading Ind 
14% Real Es) 1.4o 14 
5% R ltln c T 9oe 
5 
12'k R ltR ef 2.1oe 
9 
1% Redlaw E nt 28 i n Reeves Tete 
3% R efrig Trns 
7 
8% Regal B 
.52 
% RelG rp w f l l " * Rem Ar 
RO# 
6 
% Rep Housng 
IU 3 32 R e p M tln w t 
291* 
18% RepNY 
88 
5 
IJ H ReschCtl 
o8 13 
14 
Reslstflx 
5o 
7 
2 
R esrtsln tl A 
2% R esrtsln tl B 
I 
Rest Assoc 
% Rex Noreco 
2% R lbletProd l l 
3% Richton 
26e 
3 
1o% Riley Co 
4 
25% R ioA lgm 
I 12 
4% RiSdonM 4o 
9 u n R o binte ch 
2'/* R obi In ind 
4 
8% Rockway 96 
7 
2% Rocor 
Intl 
o'/a Rogers Corp 
1% Ronco Telep 
5 

19% 
24% 
12% 
22% 
2% 
V t 
SU 
TV* 
IS 
37", 
21% 
29% 
4% 
12% 
4 V* 
15'k 
3% 
SH 
I 
5 

 f t 
IO 
IO 
25% 

9 
Vs 
14% 
3 ', 
6% u n 

1!% 
1oion 
11 Va 
12", 
1o7% 
87 l l 
29% 
I! 
% 
38% 
3V* 
27 
1o% 
91. 
9% 
6 
1o1. 
8% 
3% 
21% 
26% 
IT 
21% 
9 ', 
5 ", 
Ila 
4 ", 
4% 
1o% 

2'/, Rossmor Cp 
% Roy Busn Fd 

1% iv . l l 
4Vb 
9% 
16% 
18V, 
U U 
31513 1611 16 
IOO 
4% 
3% 
22% 
1% 
16' 1 
1o7k 
19% 
2% 
1% 
6% 
9% 
1% 
14 
IV, 
94 7 32 
28 
19’k 
2o% l l 
19% 
Ha 
2 
5 
6 'k 
16% 
28% 
17% 
IS1, 
4% 
12% 
I u n 
2"k 
5% 

25 

Si 
75 
22 
34 
51 
' 
23 
9 x?2 
43o 
I 
88 
99 
9 
38 
588 
88 
23 
65o 
41,23oo 
63 

21V, 
% 
16 
1o% 
19", 
2", 
1% 
4% 
9% 
1% u n i n 

61 
1o2 
268 
147 
16 
83 
324 
214 
62 
34 
42 
78 
112 

3 
Ruddlck Cd 12e 
4V, Rudlck pf.56 
I 
I 
Rusco Ind 
73o 
7 
Russell Cp 4o 
4 Tai 
5% RustCft 
4o 
6 
86 
15% RyanH 
SO I t 
189 

S - T - i r 
6 

161 9 16 
5 12 4 'k 
4% 
1% 
77k 
8% 
2o 

27 
18% 
19% 
9% 
IT’ , 
1% 
2 
4 
4% 
15% 
27% 
16% 
137k 
4% 
11% 
2% 
U U 
I'k 
4% 
% 
4% 
A n i n 
V t 
V t 
18% 

7% 
231*— n 
2 "a + n 
2% + 
'/a 
9% + 
% 
14% + 
% 
3 
+ n 
12 
+ 
% 
9% + n 
1% + 
'/a 
5 
+ 
3 ',. 
52% + in 
6 'k + 
Va 
?%— 
Va 
4% + n 
6% 
7% + in m + 
Va 
2 
+ 
Va 
42%+ 
V, 
4% + n 
1% 
1% + i i 
IDV. )- 
1% 
4% + n 
9 
— 
'a 
16U + 
IU 
18' , + i n 
12% 
Wa. . 
4 
+ n 
22% + 
% 
%— 
Va 
16 
— 
V# 
IO' 1— n 
U H 
2U + n 
Ha 
4 'k . - 
9 H + n i n + n 
13% + 
% 
1% + 
1 a 
3 16 + 1 16 
27%— 
% 
18 V* ) 
'a 

% i n 

1 

19% + 
1o% + 
19 
+ 
1% + 
2 
— 
5 
+ 
6 % + 
15% + 
U 
27'k + 
’ a 
I T H - 
% 
1 5% + I 
4 % + 
Va 
12% + n 
3 
+ 
% 
I U , + 
Va 
2 
.. 
S U + 
% n + i 16 
4’k . 
6 ", i n + 
7%. 
8% + 
19% + 

 n 

8 ? 

5'k SGLIn 
16r l l , SGSec 
5le 
127k SGSe pf MTO 
1% SMD Ind 
4% SSPIno 
7v, ST PCp 
I U SaftranSy A 
8% Salem 
8+t 
6 
S ta rlo I 26* 
6% SOieG pf 88 
9 'k SDieG pf 9o 
IO ', SDIeGpf 
I 
88 
SDgopf9 84 
TI 
S O eopf 7 8o 
69 
S D gopf7 2o 
26 
S DOO p f 2 48 l l , SanFr r e 
% SFRE WI 
3o% SanJW J 4o 
1% Sargent Ind 
21 
Sargt pf J 25 
5% SaundrL 
JO 
4 
6% ScheibE 
54 IO 
6% Schenuit 6oa 5 
2V, S chiller ind 
34 
4% School P .4o 
7 
SU Schrader JO 
8 
Ma SciM gf 
o9e 17 
1o% SciAtTenta 
14 
2o% Scopein 
5oe 
4 
1o% S crlvner 
7o 
5 
12% Scurry Rein 
9 e n SbdAiM ii 4o 3 

8% 
I " , 
16 
2% 
4% un 
8% u n 
6% 
1o% 
11% i m , 

2% Seelecfr CP 
1 Cp 
2% Seaprt pf 56 
Seaport 

34 
137 
21 
4 
St 
JI 
33 l l 
324 
A 
18 
5 
751 
31 
2 
IO 
18 y3oo 1o3 . y 135o 8 4 ', 
VISO 
7 6", 
X36 
28% 
69 
1o4 
11 
.. 
127 
VI 
8 
IT 

W 
U 
4 
54 
249 
26 
SA 
74 
53 
91 
143 
A 
IO 
27 
15 
59 

38% 
3'k 
26V. 
9% 
7% 
9% 
2% 
7% 
7% 
I 
TI 
24% 
U H 
17% s n 
3% 

7% 
1% 
15 
2% 
4% 
12 
8 ", 
11% 
6 ", 
IO 
IM . l l " , 
1o1 
83% 
74 
2114 
1o% 
% 
38 
27k 
26% 
9% 

1% 

5 
1% 
4 a 
14' , 
12% 
4% i n 
33 
3% u n s n 
•% 
14 
7% 
4 % ' 
1% 
3% 
1o% 
3 "a 
2% 
U U 
4% 
16". 
A", 
U H 
7% u n u n 
14 
U U 

11% 
IT 
28’ k 
27 
94 

 l f * 
22% 
J 
>o 
4% o n 
4% 
2% 
2 i n 
A** 
TU 
SU 
17% 
TU u n 
4% u n 
1o% io u 

?;h 
74b u n 

 i i " 
U H 
19% 

 t i 

1% Seers ind 
7% SeasnAII 
2o 
2’ « 13 16 S ecM tg Inv 
5 16 3 32 S e c M tln w t 
O ', 
4% SeiasCp 
3o 
6 
J l l 14 S eligm Asse 
4% 
3% Semtch 
U t 
9 
6% 
J U Servisco 
JO 6 
2 ", Servo Corp 
5 
5% Sefonco 
45 
8 
7% Sheers is * 
6 
1o% SberonSti 
I 
A 
7% Shawm 
5oo 
9 
1% Shelter Res 
3% ShndCp 
24t 
6 
2o", Sheen db Oil 35 
1% Shopvveil In 
14 u n Showbot 
I 
7 
1% Shulm Tr En 
5% S ie rrc in 2o 
8% Sifcolnd 
5% Sigma 
2% SikesCp 
3% Silo inc 
2% SimcoS 
6 
SimKins i n Simplex m d 19 
1% Stfkin SmRf 
7% Sky C ity 
2or 
7 
1% Sot I Ir on 
6% Sonde! 
Brdc 12# 
3% Sorg Paper 
12 
Soundsn 1oa 
5 
6% SoestCap to 19 io n see opf 
1 o1 
11% SC4 2pf 
I o6 
11% sex Jpf 
1 GB 
12", SC4 7pf 
I 19 
18+a SCCO p f! 68 
15% SCS Opt 
I 45 
14% SCS 2pt 
I TO 
24% SCA 2pt 
73% see apt 
81% SCE pf 
A l". SCE pf 
96‘ a S C I pf 
9 
SwsfAir 
2V. SwtGFm 

1% 
2o% 
24 
13% 
I av. 
• 
3 
Va 
3% 
2 
IO 
2% _ _ 
69 3 16 5 32 5 32 
81 
6% 
5 ", 
5 ',+ 

S 
49)5 14 
. <6oo 
4 
51 
2% 
J 
94 
1o% 
6o2 
2 

8% + i n + 
16 
+ 
2% + 
4%. . 
12% + 
8% + 
13 
+ a n — va 
1o% 
... 
I lia . 
Ilia— % 
IO ? ",— 
% 
8 5 + 7 
T i 
- 2% 
2 8 % + n l l 
+ 
% n + n 
38 Ak— 
% 
3 
.......... 
26% + n 
9% + n 
77k+ n 
9 % + 
Ak 
2 % + 
% 
7Ve+ 
U 

2o%— 
U 
24 
— 
% 
U H + v. 
IT 
+ 
Va 
8 % + n 
3% + 
Va 
A k -V IA 
3 Ae— 
% 
2 
— n 
1o% + 
% 
2’ 

IU 
34 
87 
IU 
IS zO 
93 
23o l l 
436 
1o7 
2o7 
Al 
7 *54 
S 
21 
4 _ 54 
43 
A 
279 
TSO 12 *15 

6215 16 
S 
A 
5 
O’ . 
3% 
12", 
9% 
7% 
7% 
28% 
2% 
19% 
2% 
6 ", 
1o% 
I 

Va 
4% 
SH 

AO 
6 

 i n 
8% 
3% 
9% 

 u n 
2% 
5 5416 

2 3o 
2 21 
7 58 
I 7o 
894 
o4e 
IO 

28 
215 
I 
76 
19 
2o 
146 
<65o 
99 
H S I 
35 
*34 
1 l l 
2 
349 
231 xS 
62 
86 
21 
49 

5 
Sparta* 
4o 
4% Specify Rest s i 
SA* Spec tor 
1oe 
2% Specrro t2t 
4 
1% SpedOP u t to 
9 la Spei<m n tnd 
3% spencer 
o4e 
8 
SU SpencrF 
.12 
7 
4% Spiente* 
48 
5 
4% Steffd le w d 
5 
U n SfdAlltenc I 
5 
4H StdCont 
IST 
4 u n StdCoose 9o 
4 
2% Ste M en sot l l ■ 
9 
StdMotA 
48 
4 
127 p l " . SM Pee Corp 
5x171 

4 
13% 
TA* 
12'/, u n u n i i 
21% u n 
U H 
27% 
77 

 r n 
22’ , 
5 
9% 
S’ » 
6% 

% + 1 16 
5 
+ 
% 
6 
+ 
% 
4% + 
% 
T H * IU 
3"e— 
% u n .......... 
9 * , + 
% 
2>k+ n 
7% + la 
28% + IAK 
7Ak+ n 
1 9 ",+ 3% 
2 ",+ n 
4 
+ u io n + n 
7 
+ n 
3 
— n 
•A *+ 7% 
I 
.......... 
9 % + 
% l'n — n 
1% + 
Va 
13% + 
A* 
2+b+ 
% 
U ’k — 
% i n — n n u .......... 
7% + n 
1 2 ",+ 
A* i i n + 
% u 
. . . . 
U H * 
% 
7 U n — 
% 
18 
+ 
% 
14%+ 
V. 
27% + la 

 f r w 
1o2 
— IU 
1o3 
1o5 
+ 7 
21% 
22 a + M a 
4% 
5 
♦ 
’ , 

AH i n u n i n 
2 
7% 
24", i n 
14 a 
5% to 
6% 
2% 
AU 
I o n 
1% i n 
12% i 
14% 
3% 
13 
7''a 
11% 
12+a 
12% 
14 
JI 
U U 
16% 
24% 
25% 
92 I 
1o2 

IS’ , StdProd I TO 
Vt S to P ru d w t 
21% StdShrt tot 
8% Steno* 
T i 21 
5% StanAv 
TO* 
IOU Star Sup 
74 
4 
I 
Stardust Inc u n Star r f Mo 
JO 
7 
TU Steelmt 
24o 
5 i i 
StOpnCh 
4o 

1% 
I Ae 
■7113 n u 14 
14o 
4% 
4% 
Tv, 
6 
6' a 
15% 
6% 
16 * 
3% 
H H io n 
24% 
144 

4% 
5% s n u 
5% 
15% l l * u n 
AA, 
19% 
5613 IA U 1413 t i 
42 
25 
24% 
24% 

 s n — n 
6 % + n 
3% 
.. . 
1% + n 
% + I 16 
4 H + n 
TU + 
% 
6 
♦ n 
AU + I f i n + 
% 
6 u n * n 
I n . . u n - n 
9% ) n 
244,+ s n 
-1 14 

7A»U la S ta rr F ie ctr t t 
I ’ , 
1% S ta rts *! 
IO 14 
4% a n ite v c p k n it 
4 
IO ', 
4% Stru'W 
JOO 
A 
T% e n Sue Ann 
24 
T 
1% 
H Sum m it O ro 
4 a n u n u n 
16% t n u n 
4% 
1 
SH 

. f t 
% 

B B 
1o% 

J ", SunCityl l l " , Sun Ell 

47 
12 
JTA aa 
TI 
224 
17 

Hee a 
_ 
. 
SH Sune ir 
44* a 1o1 
6% S u n d e r 
2ob 4o XIA 
SH Sunehjr 24b 
6 
21 
BH Supt dSv 32b IO 
16 l a S upertr toe 
I 
21 
4 
Sup m d 1 
U b 
A 
St 
3% Sup Sung M f 
I i n Sutquhene 
41* Susqohen pf 
Ak S u trM tg w t 

 rn* 
39 

IS 
4% 

I U 
IT 
1% 
IT H 
1% 
I 
VS o n 
Sh 

 h 
IS H 
AH u n 

 i v r 
11'4 

14% 
5% 
U i n l$v, 
T% 
IT in 
1% 
3% 
7H sn 
% 
3% 
IT 
IO 
14' , 
6'/, 
IAH 
1% 
VS 
AH 

ICH 

14%— 
4 
— 
12 
1U + 
IT 
+ 
• n + u n + 
IU 
I 
+ 
4'a . a n ♦ 
SU 
I 
6 
4 
+ 
IO 
+ i o n * 
15H + 
Ale— u n * 
J A k - 
SU + i n + 
1 
+ u 

 in 

4 H Syneloy 2ob 
$ 
UA 
JO 
Syntax 
5o . o 4SU 
12% SyACOCp 
24 
T l j 4 
4% System Enq IT 

 v s 

 io ^ 
" n 
I 

 f t 
19% 
I * 
ITV, 
H 
TH 

 f t 
7% 
JIH 
UH 
TV, 
I I H 

 f t 

 f t 
4% 
II 

 t f t 

‘ J 

124 
I 
ASll 
272 
48 

 it 

I 

BSH 9 to ta u t I 42 

 in TF ICO inc i n T elieym w t 
1o% Tandy Bf rid 
IA I, Testy 
I 2o* 
H Tech Sym 
2% T ache I Opec 
1H Tethel Tape 
4 
2 H T e ciifrl 
14 
J 
14Va TejonR 
2oe 22 
3% TeieCm H e 
% i n Teteflex 
32t it 
H TeiesC p w t 
2% Ten ne Corp a 
6% Tenneco w t 
1 
Tenney Eng 
» 33 
% T anear Cp r n 49 io n Tar ad rn mc 29 
123 
9 
T e rre f 
4o# 
6 
4oo 
2H Texster 
o7* lO H Textron wt n T h or Cp 
J U Thor of M kt i n T h rO D p f 
5% T h riffim t A 
2 
Tidw ell Ind 
I n T (Many I 
JU 
3 
Tim pt* ind 
U U Tokheim 
AO 
49 
43 
TOI 
M 
75 , Tot 
IOO 
99 
Tot 
AH 
AH ToppsGu 
I I H 
OH "wTnCp i n 
4Ab Total Pf) 
IS Ib is 14 T o te iP fi l# H io n rote) pf 
TO l l 
IH Town e n try 
.. 
M 
1H Trane Lux 
92 
244 H eadw ay 
OSr * t t 
OH TrlSfMfr 8o 
T 
SI 
1% Tried mo list 7 
141 
I n TuoosM.JT* 2x17o 
I 
Tufted 
2oc- 
5 *36 
IA H TurnrC 
I 44 
} 
TwmFdir 

AH 

U n 
* n 

1% 
J H 
IS 
19% 

% 7 14 9 16+ I 14 
SH 

V t i 
SH 

IU 
3% 
U H 
U H 

4 % + 
23% + 
16% + 
4 ",+ 

I H + 
3% + 
IS 
+ 
19% + 

J'/. 
I'k id u n 

% I1 IA H Ie — I 14 
V s 
J 
I u 

1S% 

 f t " . 
4 '/*+ 
Va 
17%+ I 
7 H + 
H u n + 1% l a 4 14 I 14 S 14+1 14 
I * f t 
1% 
IU 
14'/* 

514 in l l 
IT ', 
SOU 14 
TH 
J ', 
21 
I 
4o ii 
65 

 t i 

I*' f t + 
1% + 
IU 

TH 
I • 
5% 
19% 

3% 
14U + 
U if VA 
11%+ 
% s n a1 * + 
'/, s h 
U ', + i n 
H i t 14+ I 14 
JU 
7% 
7% 
I 
+ 
Ut 
A 
A H * 
H i n 
24k— n 

Y early 

Sh i i 
Ed pf4 25 
<37$ a 
47% 
!2« 
< J l l ; 4ft 
2b 
7 * U 
TU 
I 

 t i 
I 
ISS* 
’ f t 
I 
WI 
I k 
2V»2S 

I t i 

1 % 
J 

 l f t 
AU 
SH i n l l J 14 
SH 
5% 
» t i n u s i n 

 u n 

I 

 i > a 
- n 
• o n 
. 
1o4'»+ IU t u + n 

* 
’ f t :: : 
1425 

19% + 

. Jd~ 
% 
I i 
— i n - n j n + u f t + n 
Io *b + u 
4 U + 
"a a n + 9 14 s n * u 

H igh 

IAH 
5 Va 
IV , 
4% 
6% 
7% 
4% 
A n 
5 
9% 
5% i n 
14", 
2% i n 

 la w . 
13% UBI 
I 2oa 
3 
L'IPCP 
16 
1% UNA Corp 
JiS URSCp 
We 
3% U V lnd w f 
3% U nim ex G rp iv . unim exG pf 
TH Un Gas A 
.69 
2% Un invest 
8% U nA irP d 
SA 

Sales 
(hds ) High la w 
Net lo s t Chg. 

% Un B ra nd w t 
11% UnCosFn SO 
I 
Unit Foods 
H UnNat Corp 
I 32 U n N a tw t n 
1 
UNatCp_pf 
3% UPiece Dy 
5Va USBan Trst 
8% U S F iltr 
.24 
5% U nR ltT 
83e 
5 16 I 16 U n R ltT w t 
5% 
3H USNat Rsrc 
1H US Radium 
7 
USRbR la 
18 
Uni lek 
3o 
7% U nityB uy S 
2 
U nivClg .o5 
% Univ Contnr 
4’ a UnivRs 
o8a 
6’k UnivRun .44 
5% UnvSev 
48 

4% 
7% 
8 
13% s n 

3% 
15"* 
3 3 ', 
15% 
3 Va 
3% 
13% 
IO", u n 

3 X I* 
15% 
14% 
15% + 
% 
6 
ISA 
3H 
31, 
3H-+ n 
59 
1% i n 
1% + 
1 a 
7 
88 
4 vs 
3% + 
' a 
177 
4% 
V t 
4%— 
;. 
16 
169 
6% 
6% 
6% 
36 
4 ". 
4 
4"a + 
' a 
9 *2o 
9'k 
8% 
9"a + 
% 
76 
JO 
4+a 
4 ', 
4’ ?. 
B 
Bl 
9% 
8% 
9 % + 
I' a 
5 
379315 16 
3%313 16 + 5 16 
1151 
H 
% 9 16 + 3 16 
7 
31 
17% 
I Ha 
12% + 
11 
255 
1% 
1% 
I 1 a— 
' a 
161 
Ha 
% 
I 
— 
'a 
21 3 32 116 3 32 + 1 32 
36 
3% 
3 
3 % ~ 
"a 
29 
3% 
3% 
3H + 
' a 
6o 
8 
7 
8 
+ 
I 
9 1o5o 
13% 
W U 
13 
+ 
% 
14 
151 
8' t 
7% 
8 ",+ 
% 
159 5 Id 
Va 5 16+ 
% 
4' 
188 
4 
3% 
3’k — 
' a 
175 163 
3% 
3'k 
3’ , + 
' a 
8 
24 
15 v. 14% 
15 
+ 
% 
14 
4? 
33", 
31"* 
33% + 
2% 
6 
97 
1o% 
9% 
9 H — 
% 
4 
54 
3". 
2% 
3U + 
"a 
1o1 
1% i n l+a + 
U ie 
216 
12% 
11% 
12’ a+ 
" , 
5 
38 
S i. 
8 
8% + 
’ a 
5 l l 
14’ a 
13% 
13%— 

 i v - w 
- x 
9% 
6% VallesSt .621 
7 
42 
7 
6’ , 
6 % + n 
13% 
8% va lm a c 
TO 
3 
111 
12 
11 Va 
11%— 
'rn 
5"? 
3Va va lspa r 
28 
9 *71 
4% 
4% 
4% + 
V, 
2’ a 
I ' , VLD vC 
.o2e 
141 
2% 
2% 
2’ a 
1o% 
SH VanDorn .ak 
6 
94 
IO 
9' , 
IO 
13% 
A", Veecolns 32<1 
7 
43 
12% 
11% 
12")— 
"a 
5 
1% V erb Ind 
5 
39 
2'a 
J 
J 
— 
"a 
4o 
14% V erm tA 4ob 
9 
7o 
37% 
35% 
37 
+ 
% 
7% 
2% Verb i iron 
T 
591 
4% 
4 
4% + 
% 
2% 
% v e rt.p b inc 
14 
25 i n 
I i n + 
"a 
5% 
2% Vesefy Co 
16 
34 
4 
3'k 
4 
+ n 
2% 
1% viatech inc 
55 
1% 
I " , 
1 H + 
"a 
2 ". 
% V iK ing Gen! 
183 n i l 1613 16 + 
' a 
4% 
J 
V intage Ent 
64 
2% 
2'a 
2%— 
'a 
4% 
2% Vishay m trt 
'4 
36 
2% 
2 ", 
2%— 
Va 
3% 
2% V is u a lG r 
7 
32 
3 
2 ', 
3 
+ 
% 
3% 
2 
Vol Mer 
5 
56 
3 
2% 
2",. 
12% 
7% Voplex 
72a 
Ha Vulcan Corp 
53 
6 un 
11% 
11 Va— 
" , sn 
2 
25 
3% 
3 
3% + 
% l l "a 
6% V ulclnc 
5o 
4 
56 
9% 
9’ k 
9 " ,+ v» 
IA I. l l 
V u lc Inept I 
7 
14 
13% 
14 
+ 
14 
6 
2% WTC Inc.IO 
12o 
3% 
JU 
2% + 
' a 
2! "a 
15V, WU I Inc 
8o 
7 
674 
19% 
18% 
1 9",+ 
% l l ’ . 
3’k Wabash ,25e 
7 
75 
1o% 
9% 
1o’ , + 
' , 
9% 
53. WacKnht .4o 
6 
427 
7% 
6' , 
6% + n 
4% 
1% W adelEq 
IO 
13 
2% 
1% 
1% 
6' a 
2'k Wainoco Ob is 
227 
6'k 
5% 
AU + 
% 
74% 
14% WalcoN 
5ob 
6 
45 
22V, 
2o% 
2o%— IU 
4% 
2% WallacS 2oe 
7 
76 
4% 
4 
4% + 
' a 
2o 
IO") W angLb 
12 12 
219 
15 
14 
14%) 
% 
15% 
9% W angLB .22 
IO 
64 
12% 
11% 
12' a + 
% 
Va 
% W araFds w* 
JO 
% 
" , 
"J s n 
2 
Wards Co 
4 
67 
4 
3'k 
4 
+ 
3a 
7% 
3 
W are pfC,o5 
124 
4’ a en 
4’k — 
"a 
25U 
21 Va Was Psf B 36 i i 
462 
25 "a 
23+a 
25 
+ 
Ha 
24’ a 
U U W R IT 
1.76 
14 
13 
23% 
23 "a 
23% + 
% 
6 
2% Watsco 
2o l l 
34 
3% 
3' I 
3%— 
’ a 
3’ a 
1% Weimar) Co 
7 
35 
2% 
J 
2’ * — 
' a 
8’ ? 
5' 1 Weld To Am 
5 
3o 
6% 
6% 
6% 
6'k 
3'k Wellco 
25 
IO 
16 en 
4 
4 
— 
' a 
11% 
7Va WestCbP .4o 
6 
4o 
6% en 
8’ ,+ 
% 
53 
47’ a WTex pie 4o 
<6o 
51% 
5 !’ , 
51% + 
' a 
111, 
9"a Westats Ptl 
29 
122 
9% 
9% 
9% 
8"*415 16WstDcel 
IO l l 
16 
8 
7% 
7% 
' 
9 '. 
AU W stFinl 
15a 
5 
93 
7% 
7' , 
7%— 
Va 
9% 
6 
Whippny 
AO 
V s W hitaker ,4o 
IO 
5 
7 
7 
7 
7 
6 
22 
6'a 
6 
6 
3' a 
1% Whitehal Cp 
6 
1o3 
2'a 
2 
2' a 
I U 
% W h itta k r w t 
533 n 
7 16 
' 
. 
3% 
1% W ichita lnd 
8 
68 
2% 
2% 
2%— 
'a 
9% 
6 ", Wmhous 
36 
8 
7? 
8 
T n 
8 
+ v . 
4% 
2% Wilson Br 3o 
5 
77 
4'a e 
4'a + 
"a ll 
7'k W inKimn 
4o 
5 
12 
7% 
7 V. 
7%— 
’ a 
VS 
I ' j Winston M il 
9 
52 
1% 
1% 
1% + 
'a 
5 4 ', 
48 
WISP pl 4 SO . 
<18o 
54 
5 2 ', 
S3 
+ 
" , 
3' 7 
Ha W olf HOWS 
32 
97 
2% 
2 
VSS la 
SU 
3 wood md 
64 
4 
3% 
4 
+ 
' , 
1% 
% Wool L f 
oAe l l 
J 
% 
% 
%— I 16 
11% 
5' i W orcest Cb 
21 
141 
6% 
6% 
»%— 
' a 
12% 
A'/* W orkW r 
6o 
5 
77 
11 Va l l l l 
— 
'■a 
6’, 
3' a W rather OSe 12 
61 
4% 
4’ , 
4% + 
' a 
I U 
% W rig h t M ar 
9 
2o413 IA H 16 
Va. . . 
6% 
3% W yleLab .28 
6 
ISI 
6’ , 
5% 
6' a— 
' a l l ’ a 
7 
W ynnln 
15e 
7 
262 l l 
9% l l 
+ 
% 
13 
9 ’ ? W ym B n .56 
9x122 
13 
12 
13 
+ 
% 
2o% 
12 
Xonics Inc) l l 
Y- 

179 

 z - 

16% 
15 
HU­ 
% 

8 't 
7% ZeroCo 
28 
5 
37 
8’ ? 
8' a 
SH 
12 
41 j Zjm m er Oae IO 
8o 
7 ", 
7'a 
7% 

W E E K L Y A M E R IC A N STOCK SALES 
Total tor wee* 
17.24o.ooo 
Week ago 
Year ago 
Jan I to date . . . . . . 
1975 to dele 
W E E K L Y A M E R IC A N 
Total fo r week 
Week ago 
Y ear ago 

9,696,355 
648,33o.29o 
S29,619,7o1 
BOND SALES 
. .. 
. 58,93o,ooo 
$6,54o,ooo 
$4,478,ooo 

P h i l a d e l p h i a O p t i o n s 

O ption 
A bb! L Feb45 
A bet L Feb5o 
Abbt L Feb6o 
Abb! L M ay45 
A bbt L May5o 
A bbt L May6o 
Abd C Jan35 
A llo CJanaO 
A bd C Jan45 
Abd C A p r35 
A b d C Apr4o 
Abd C JullS 
Abd C JUI4o 
AbisC Jan2o 
AbisC 
Jan2$ 
AbisC 
JanJO 
AlbsC Apr JO 
Al I ISO 
Ap) 25 
Ab (SC Apr 3o 
AdisC JulJO 
AbisC Ju l2i 
A Ness Feb2o 
A Hess Feb25 
A Hess FebJO 
A Hess F e b i» ', 
A ness Feo24% 
A Hess Ma v JO 
A Hess May25 
A Mess May3o 
A Mess Aug2o 
A Hess Aug 25 
A Ness Aug3o 
Ash I O Jan 3o 
Ashl O Jan35 
Ashl O A pr25.... 
Ashl O Apr3o. 
Ashl O 
A p r35 
Ashl O JUI3o .. 
Ashl O Jul35 
Bois C Feb25 ... 
Bois C FebJO 
Bois C M *y3o 
Bois C M a y35 
B ois C Aug35 
B ra n !! Jan TO 
B ra n if Ja nlS 
B ra n lf A p r IO. 
B ra n if A pr IS . 
B ra n if 
JullO 
B ra nd 
JullS 
C ly In Jan IO 
Ctv In JanlS 
C ly In A pr IO 
C ly In A p r IS 
O y In JullO 
C ly In 
JullS 
C io ro * Jan IO 
C io ro * Ja n lS 
Clorox Apr IO 
C io ro x A p rt$ 
C lorox 
Jut IO 
Clorox J o n , 
Comsat Jan 25 
Comsat JanJO 
C o m sa t Jan35 
Comsat A p r25 
Comsat A pr 3o 
C o m s e tA p r3 5 
Comsat Jut25 
Com sat Juno 
Com sat JulJ5 
Cont o Je nl5 
. 
Cont O J an 4o 
Cont O Apr35 
Cont O A p r4o 
Cont O Jut 35 
C ont O Jul4o 
D ressr Jan4o 
D ressy ja n e s 
Dressr A p r35 
D ressr Apr4o 
D ressr Apres 
.D re ssr Jutes 
. 
Duk Pw Apr JO 
Duk Pw AprJS 
Duk Pw Jut 2o 
D uk P w JulTS 
Eas Gs A p r25 fess Os Apr JO 
Eas Gs JuUS 
Ca* Gs JulJO 
E ngl M JanJO 
E ngl M JanJS 
E ng l M, AprJS 
E ngl M JullO 
E n g l M J u llS 
F irs b i FebJO 
F irs m FebJS 
F lrs fri M ay JC 
F irs m Mav'J) 
F irs m Aug25 
G A F Jan 15 
G A F A pr IO 
G A F Apr 15 g a f ju n o 
G A F J u llS 
G m P ec Jan JO o * o Pac j* n is 
Goo Pac Jan 4o 
Gee Pac AprJS 
G eoP ac A preo 
GeoPac JulJO 
GeoPac Jut 35 
G eoPac 
Juleo 
H ow Jn Jan to 
H ow Jn JanlS 
How Jn A pr IO 
How Jn A prlS 
How jn JullO 
How Jn 
JullS 
Joy Feb4o 
Joy Feb45 jo y Feb SO 
Joy Mey+5 
Joy MeySO 
Joy Aug4$ 
La i no foots i e und FebJO 
Le I "d May25 
La I r»d May3o 
La Lnd Aug25 
L a L n d AugJO 
M ar IO! F ro IO 
M a rlo t F e blS 
M ar tot May IO 
M a n e t May IS 
MZW tot Aug to 
M a n e t Aug IS 
Mc Der Fobes 
M r Der Fen VO 
Mc Der Mayes 
M c D er M ay SO 
M c D er MeySO 
Mc Der Aug 45 
Mc Der Aug vj 
P P G FO O * 
P P G Fee SS 
P P G MeyVS 
P P G Aug SS 
P tts tn F#o3S 
P ttstn FebeO 
P ttsfn Fobes 
P ttstn M a y )!— 
P tts tn M ayeo 
P ttstn AugJS 
P ttstn Auget) 
P ttstn M a y a .. 
P tts tn Fen5o 
Scot P Jams 
Scot P la n 2o 
Scot P A prlS 
W 
P A p' TC 
Scot P JuUS 
Stet P lu liO , . 
Sun Ce Keo<o 
Sun Co Feb'4 
Sun Co Fed4o 
Sun Ce Fee45 
Sun Ce May IS 
Sun Co Ma / fO 
Sun Ce Mayes 
Sun Co Aug4o 
Sui! Ce Aug e l 
Tetdyn lanes 
Teidyn JenSO 
T eld ?n Jan*o te id y n Jan7o 
T e id y n jtn to 
Teidyn Ap/4o 
Teidyn Apr TO 
Tetdyn Ap*AO 
Teld yn JulAO ... 
Teidyn juUO 
Trneem Fob lo 
Ttnsarn 
Fat)IS 
T rrtsam M ay IO 
T rn e a m M a y I i 
' Trr.sam Aug IO 
T rn s a m A ug IS 
I V * I 9 Jan IO 
V a I 9 la n 15 

Sales Open 
Net N Y. 
(loos) in t H ighLow Last Chg.Close 
12 
47 
6 e n 
4’ k— Va 
49% 

2o3 
22 
58 
12 

$5729 16 Ha 
2797 16 
15 
7U 
IM 
3 
77 
H 
196 
5H 
7o315 16 
5 
149) 161 161 16 
41 
141 
6'k 
5 
6% + 

1o4 
89 
IS 
5 
I 
Se 
147 

6 ", 
3 
% 

Va la + n 
71* + I " , 
3 
+ 
% 
%— I 16 s n * i n 

49% 
49' a 
49% 
49% 
49% 
4o 
4o 
4o 
4o 
653213 161H213 16+ 15 164o 
159 
6% 5’ J 
AU + 
275 
3"* a n 
3’k + n 
6o s n s n s v ,... 
381 147717 16 
H IS 16 + 11 16 
IOO 147! 
1,1 161 16 
22 
39 
6% 6 
6% + 
% 
775 1752 
T H U 1629 16+ I 
183 1296 
2*7 16 
5 
38 
7 
166 IOU 
3% 
16o 
184 12 
1o88 1919 
7% 
1299 142o 
3% 
J 
24 12'k 
16 
3o 
7 
256 
336 12% 
44o 11o4 
7% 

V a* 
7 
+ Ilk 
3% + I 
9 
12 
+ 3% 
VS 
V • + 3% i n 
2% + i9 rn 
o 
1 2 'k+ 2% 
5 
7 
+ a n 
9% U U + 4 Va 
5 
7 H + 2% 
1o69 1176 
41,2! 16 3% + 1% 
2 
Se 
457 
o$ it u 
92 
2o6 

32 
214 
48! 
269 
34 
69 
273 
3o3 

9% 
5% 
3% 
3% 

4'k 

9% + 
8 % + 2% 
4% + I " , 
4% + 
% 
% + 
% 
2 'k - S ', 
5’ k + 
% a n is -16 a n + 9 rn 
SI 
238 5% 5 
S H * 
1o1 
219 
2H21 16 2 H + 
% 
26 
o25 a n TU i n + 1 
3o 35o3 
3% 
2 H 
3 U + U 1 6 
2 
189o 4% 3% 
4 % + I ' , 
26 
8o719 16 I H 
IH T Ut 
IO 
31325 1625 1625 16 + 5 1633H 
337 3678 
I Va IS 161$ 1A—H 
1o% 
35 5oJo1 141 IA I 16 
1oV. 
527 4885115 1619 18111 16— 3 161o% 

4o 
4o 
25% 
25% 
25% 
25% 
25% 
25% 
25% 
25% 
31‘a 
31’-a 
31% 
31% 
31% 
31% 
J I3* 
J I3* 
31% 
31' a 
J I3. u n 
34' , 
34% 
34", 
34’ J 
34’ , 
JA", 
33H 
33% 
33% 
33% 

374 342o 
% 
333 29o123 16 !% U 5 1 4 -% 
ISO 123211 14 
’ ,9 14 
5 
44 3"a 
2% 3U is 4o4 n i, n ......... 
195 
29o 3Va 
3% 3% + 
% 
355 14599 147 147 14+1 14 
75 
344 4% 
J H 4% + 
% 
338 155915 t i l l 1815 18+3 14 
31 
877 2>k?l 14 2% — % 
4o 54231 141 IA I 14 
21 
593 2% 2'/, 2% 
334 47717 14$ 145 14— I 16 
54 
195 
3711 14213 16+ 1 16 
176 2o4211 14 9 149 16 
67 
427 VS t i 7 'a * 
" , 
224 
1*67 J 
Ha ?% + 
% 
1o3 
388 
HS 143 16 l l 
184 / H 7 H V s . . . . . . ie# loeo e n JU 3% + n 
135 
42219 14 I U IS 16+1 14 
J t i 7% 7% 7%— 
U 
86 
322 5 
41a 4% + 
% 
69 
199 2% 1% 2 H + 
H 
17o 
72o 3% V t 3 
- 
% 
5 U 193911 16 3 143 14 
AS 
479 4 
J H 3 'k — 
% 
J98 153o17 14 I 
1 U + I1 4 
43 leo 4% e n e n ______ 
284 
6191)5 161 n m 
+ n 
83 
225 2% 2H 2 4 k - 
% 
H 3 14 
Va— 
U 
TV* 6% e n 3>, 
1% i n 

22o 
27 
97 
283 

2 
4 
6 
21 
$7 
144 
2o 
34 

Tn— 
4"*. i n 
?%+ 
2’/%— 
8 2*/, 
2*/» 2'k— I n 
42 n n 
'k — n 
28 3 
2% 7 % - H 
17$ 
HS 185 1 6 -1 14 
92 4 
JU J U - % 
3o3 i n 
%1S 1 6 -3 16 
SI 4% 
6% 
4% + "a 
284 
1% 
11,19 1 4 -M A 
4 
93 JU 
V s J U + % 
29 
2775 16 
U 
"a 
26 
13215 1615 IAIA 14+ H 
4 
14 5 
4 V* 5 + 1 ' , l l 
58115 141H1 IS 16 + 9 14 
IO 
AO 1% 3 , 3% + 
U 
76 8 U 
H 
Ut 
H + % 
14 
IM 4 
JU 4 
+ 
% l l 
3o71116 9 1611 18+1 18 
72 
194 l'k I 
1%+ 
% 
MS 13541 IA I 161 14 
I 
39 JU 3 
J U + 
% 
154 1589 
' t i 16 
% + 
% 
27 
712 3% 3 Va 3% + 
H 
128 1o)413 16 
H U 14+ % 
7 
57 1% BH S H * 
% 
139 
29* 3% 2% J U * 
H 
174 
3o3 n 
US 14+ 
I , 
SS 
213 4'k 3% 4% + 
% 
1o2 
495 m n 161) 14 + 3 16 
J 
24 9% 9% 9% + 
IU t i se s n a h s n * i n 
47 
21423 IAMS 1623 14 + 7 1638% 
27o 1524211 1421 1427 14 + 3 1412% 
IT 48631 14) 141 16 
1 2 ', 
452 19*7 
3U 
2% 
J 
+ ! I* 
12 
1*7 3o3* 
<iS 1* 
H + U 4 
171 
1o25 J U 2% 3V.+T 14 
194 138513 18 
H13 14 + ) 14 

1o% 
1o% 
IO3* u n 
13' a 
IJT. n u u n 
13' a u n 
12’ a 
I? '. 
12' a 
12 a u n 
31% 
31% 
31% 
J I ’ , 
31% 
I m 
31% 
31% 
31% 
V ' t 
3 7 ', 

?T 'l 
37’ , 
3 7 ', 
42 
42 
47 
47 
42 
42 
22 
22 
22 
2? 
24% 
26% 
24% 
26% 
33", i v 1 
JJU 

 r n 
23% 
?J% 
7 3% 
23% 
73% 
13% 
13% 
13% 
13% 
13% 
38% 
38% 
31% 
38% 
31% 
38% 
38% 

 l l 
4 ' a 
TIS 
JU 
23411 14 

 av* 
A n + a n 
2% I n + I n 
H U 16 + 3 14 
IH 
4'a + 19 14 
2 
4 
- n 
4% 
4 % + 
H 
Jv, 
4% + 
% l% + 7 14 sn* % 
J 
+ 
H 
*'/» + I 

4% 
IH 
4% 

2*5 U4) 
11o3 5699 
63 
495 
SS) 24S6 
2* 
ISI 
ISI 
4)9 
2H1I3 167H + H 
4 
SI VS 4% 4'k— 
% 
375 233311 14 
H9 16— 1 16 
IS 
44 4% 4% 4% 
252 173711 14 I l'k 
2 ll J 
S 
J 
♦ n 
144 ST* 
IHI? 16 I", a 
1*4 v s i n 
3% 
173 
*1o IH 
I 'k i n * 
Ut i n 4H 4H— 
H 
JH27 16 J 
+ 
H 
%9 14* 1 6 - 1 16 
I U 6 
4 
- i n i n i n 
| n + n a a h 
I", 7n i n 
17n 
4H TH 4H + rn 57'/, 
4% 3". 
4%+ 
IH S in 
AV, 4% 6 'k + 
3% 57 V, 
3H9 161U 14— IS I43SH 
% 
Ak—* 14 JAH 
.. n u . , . . . . S a 
VS 3% JU— » 
ISH 
7 'kU IAIA 16-11 163SH 

258 
453 
37 
14 

1o7 
717 
245 

 t ito 
53 
54 
% 
OIB 
, 
J U 144)15 14 
84 
463 
Va l 3 
TU 
52* 1295 la a n i i r n 
1o 
32o 
I 
11 

12", i i ' , 
12", 
46% 
46% 
46% 
46% 
44% 
44% 
2* '# 
29% 
29% 
79% 
29% 

13% 
13% 
IJ H 
13% 
11% 
U % 
46% a n 
46% 
44% a n 

4*o 

2 
- i n 
3 
2 

45*1 IA I I i i 14* 
IT 
VS i n 
5% + 
27* 2o54 
% 
U t IB­ 
IO 
39 6 
4 
4 
+ 
% 
194 12*5 
I U 
IU D t« + '/* l l 
12o AH 6 
4% + 
IV, 
HO SAO! 15 
IAI V ,I % + I 14 
J 
JO 
17U 17% 17V# 
, 
4 a u n u h u ' , + 
1 
9* 
3o4 I 
6% 
7% + is 
14 
277 1% J U 
- 
7 
67 u n 12 
41o 
OH 
7% s n e i n * ’ # 
5% 4% 
25% 24+a 24% 
„ 
2o% I I H 19H + 
531 HAI l l 
I V. 1 o ',+ IH 
145* 454o 
3 
2 
?% + 
H 
537 i l f i / 14 
% n — l 
14 
U7 'o*9 1JU 111# I2 H + 2% 
457 3o59 
4% SU 
4 
+ 
% 
4*4 HSJ 
JU J 
2’ a + 
U 
I IS Va U n U H + IH 

Ai J 

 j 

 s s 

» ]'2 + 
U s - f u + 
5% + 

 f t 

4* , 

A a 21o*1 u 141 

49' , 
Ut 11 
49* , 
, . 
. 
. . 
8*V< 
TU 
* H + r n 
4 # ', 
ITS 44*+ 
% 
* 
% n + n vs V s 
V s ... 
I l l IA U 14 + 5 14 
V s 
4 H 
4% + 

Un 
141# u n 
14 Va 
U U 
141 
H I 
U B + M 6 
4 
24 
5 
I 
5 — 
4* 
IS H 
1o42 * 34o9 145 147 14+1 14 
U H 

 u t ' a 
J 
, i m u m p 

# 

; San Antonio l-XPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 1977 

5 o3* 
6 42 + 
IO 93* 
I 82 
IO o7 A 
8 75 * 
9 82 A 

7 53 * 
9 33 A 
8 47 * 
5 o3 + 
9 69 v 
3 61 f 

8 73 A 
I OO . 
*2 o5 *- 
1o 41 + 
14 12 4- 

4 69* 
2 77 * 
I 4o* 

W E E K L Y IN V E S T IN G C O M P A N IES 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — W eekly Inventing 
Companies giving the high. low and las.* prices tor the week with the net change from the previous week's last price. 
AU quotations, supplied by the National 
Association of 
Securities 
Dealers, 
Inc., reflect net asse* values, at which securities could have been sold 
High Low Last 
Chg 
A G E Fund 
5 48 
5-29 5 48 * 
25 
A corn*und 
14 IO 
13 83 
14 IO * 45 
Adv an I nv n 
11 24 
11 o9 
11 24 * 34 
-Aetna Fund 
7 99 
7 94 
7 98 * 13 
Ae*nalncom Stir 
13 78 
13 16 
13 28* 16 
AfutureFd n 
9 69 
9 45 
9 69 * 34 a itAmer Fund unevail 
Allstate StkFd 
9 58 
9 46 
9 58 * 24 
Aloha Fund 
1147 ll 39 
11 47 * .7o 
Am Birthrght Tr 
9 79 
9 68 
9 79+ 18 
A ntiq uity Fd 
5.37 
5 32 5 37+ 
o9 
American Funds. 
Am Balance 
8 37 
8 28 
8.37 * .15 
Amcap Fund 
$ 69 
5 56 
5 69* 19 
Am Mutual Fd 
1o 16 
9 92 1o 16+ 21 
BondFd Am 
15 21 15 19 15 21 + .o3 
CapFd Am 
6 75 
6 64 
6 75+ .19 
Growth Fd Am 
4 69 
4 5 7 
4 69 + 19 
IncomeFd Am 
16 93 16 74 16 93 + 29 
InvCoA 
14 69 14 45 14 69 + 38 
NewPersp Fd 
16 56 
16 32 
16 56+ 46 
WashMutl Inv 
7 25 
7 15 
7 25+ 15 
Aimer General 
AGenCap Bd 
9 OI 
8 97 
9 OI A .o6 
AGenCap G ti 
4 37 
4 33 
4 37 * .o9 
AGen In corr 
6 75 
6 69 
6 75 + o8 
AGen Ventura 
11 35 
11 o7 
11 35+ .47 
Equity Orth 
7 o4 
6 96 
7 o4+ .15 
FundOf Am 
6 89 
6 84 
6 89* IO 
Provident Fd 
3 94 
3 91 
3 94 + o4 
Am Growth Fd 
5 42 
5 32 
5 42 + 15 
Am InsElnd 
5 oo 
4 94 
5 o o + 1 o 
Am Investor n 
5 45 
5 35 
5 45 + 16 
ArrNat Growth 
279 
2 76 279+ 
o4 
Anchor Group 
Daily Income 
I OO 
I OO 
1.oo 
Growth Fund 
7 29 
7 o4 
7 o4 - .o9 
Income 
7 71 
7 51 
7 51— .15 
Reserve 
1o 22 
1o 21 
IO 22 + .o1 
Spectrum 
5 o2 
4 9o 
4 9o - .o3 
Fundm Invest 
7 38 
7 19 
7 19- o6 
Washing Nat 
IO 72 
IO 6o 
IO 72 + 26 
Auda* Fund 
6 oo 
7.89 8 oo+ 
.15 
Ave Houghton 
Fund B 
8 OB 
7 98 
Inc rn f rid 
5 o3 
4 99 
Stock Fund 
6 42 
6 35 
BLC GrowthFd 
1o 94 1o 86 
Babsonlncom n 
I 82 
I 82 
Babson Invmt n 
1o o9 
9 94 
BeaconHillMt n 
8 75 
8 7o 
Beacon Inv n 
9 82 
9 67 
Berger Group 
1oo Fund 
7 53 
7 34 
1o1 Fund 
9 33 
9 19 
Berkshire Cap 
8 47 
8 36 
Bed stock Cp 
5 o3 
4 98 
Bos! Found Fd 
9 69 
9 63 
Brw nFd Hawaii 
3 61 
3 51 
C aivn Bullock 
Bullock Fund 
13 53 13 33 
Canadian Fnd 
7 85 
7 76 
Dividend Stirs 
3 28 
3 24 
Monthly Incm 
15 o7 14 95 
Nation W ides 
1o 39 1o 26 
N Y Venture ll 58 ll 44 
C G 
F 
K U N 
D 
+ 'n '* 
'n ? U ? 
>»,? 
+ .25 
CG IncomeFd 
8 73 
8 7o 
CapitPresrv 
Fd 
I OO 
I OO 
CenturyShr Tr 
12 o5 11 77 
Challenger Inv 
IO 41 IO 28 
Charier Fd Inc 
14 12 13 78 
Chase Gr Bos 
* und 
6 67 
6 62 
* rootier Cap 
3 77 
3 7o 
Sharehold 
7 76 
7 66 
Special 
5 69 
5 $8 
Cheapside Dour ll 98 
1188 
Chemical Fund 
8 o4 
7 93 
CNAMgem t Fds 
I iberty Fund 
4 69 
4 63 
Manhattan Fd 
2 77 
2 73 
Schuster Fd 
7,48 
7 31 
Colonial 
Convertible 
9 31 
9 19 
9 J I * fund 
9 99 
9 88 
9 99 + 
Grwth Shr 
5 14 
5 o9 
S U * 
Income 
8 83 
8 79 
8 83 * 
ColumbGrth n 
15 95 
15 81 15 95 + 
ComwthTr A E B 
1 o5 
1 o4 
1 o5 + 
ComwlthTr C 
I 56 
I 54 
I 564 
Composite B E S 
9 16 
9 o5 
9 16 + 
Composite Fd 
8 o7 
7 98 
8 o7 + 
ConcordFd n 
12 o7 11 
78 12 o7 + 
Consoled! Inv ll OO 
1o 75 
HOO* 
CoostelinGth n 
6 3 8 
6 2 5 
6 38 * 
ContMntlnv n 
6 78 
6 72 
6 77 + 
Country Cap lh 
12 28 
12 o9 12 28 + 
DavidqeFund n 
7 66 
7 52 
7 66 + deVeghtMut n 
32 61 32 28 32 61 + 
Delaware Group 
Decatur Inc 
12 38 
12 21 12 38 4- 
Del aware Fd ll 72 ll 59 ll 72 + 
Dei chester Bd 
9 57 
9 5o 
9 57 + 
Delta Trend 
4 89 
4 
79 
4 89 * 
Directors Cap 
4 14 
4 1o 
4 14* 
DodgCox Bal 
23 o5 
22 81 23 o5 + 
DndgCxStk n 
16 9o 
16 6S 16 9o + 
Drexel Bom hm 
1o 24 1o o7 1o 15 + 
Dreyfus Grp 
Dreyfus 
12 93 
12 76 
12 *34- 
E qui Ty 
5 58 
5 42 
5 58 * 
Levee age 
15 57 
15 2o 
15.57 + 
I. .quid Assets 
IO OI 
IO OI 
IO oJ 
Special Intern 
7 34 
7 3o 
7 34 + 
TaxExem pl 
15 43 
15 28 15 43 + 
Th.rd Century 
12 7o 
1 2 43 1 2 7o + 
EaqleGrth Shr 
9 76 
9 54 
9 76 + 
Eaton ^Howard 
Balance Fund 
9 o1 
8 95 
Foursqua" Fd 
8 84 
8 6* 
Growth * und 
9 13 
8 92 
Income Fund 
6 2o 
6 17 
Special fund 
6 o1 
5 84 
Stock fund 
9 71 
9 63 
E di+Spi&lh n 
1/ o8 16 82 
I urea I und ll 25 ll 12 
F ’fun Trust! 
15 59 15 54 f airfield f und 
IO 43 IO 22 farm bur MUI 
8 87 
8 75 
Fed*rated Funds 
Am Leaders 
9 3o 
9 25 
Em pire fd 
19 49 
19 4o fourth Em pir 
18 *2 
18 27 
Fidelity Group 
Bond Deb 
8 95 
8 9o 
Capital 
9 o8 
8 9 V 
Contrafund 
IS 64 
12.37 
Daily Income 
I OO 
I OO 
D estiny 
9 14 
8 94 
Equity tncom 
15 TO 
15 46 
Magellan 
2 2 36 
27 oo 
Muni Bond 
IC 38 
IO 79 fid elity 
16 68 
16 51 
Pu rita n l l 2* l l 17 
Salem 
4 84 
4 79 
Thrift Trust ll 57 ll 54 
Trend 
22 24 
22 o3 
Financial Prog 
D ynam Fd n 
4 73 
4 45 ihdustFd n 
4 47 
4 35 
IncomeFd n 
7 97 
7 87 
Fst investors 
Discovery 
5 81 
5 *7 
F undGrowfh 
7 US 
6 97 
Income 
9 21 
9 OI 
Stock fund 
8 74 
8 Al 
FirstM ultitnd n 
I 46 
8 32 f or t y F our W I' n 
15 98 
15 52 
Found Growth 
4 o9 
4 OS 
Founders Group 
Growth 
4 72 
4 69 
Income 
12 87 
12 8? 
Mutual 
9 42 
9 29 
Special 
8 *8 
8 59 
Franklin Group 
ON TC 
7 119 
6 ** 
Growth 
5 83 
5 78 
Utilities 
4 8A 
4 8o 
Income Stk 
I 78 
I 76 
USGovT Sec 
IO o9 
IO o7 
Besrch Cap* 
2 15 
2 77 
Resrch Equty 
3 16 
3 ll 
FrankinLf Eq1y 
9 13 
9 o3 f dt OrMntD n 
8 8o 
8 69 
Fundpack 
8 36 
8 26 
F und Inc Gyp 
Commerce Fd 
Impac t Fund 
Indus! Trend 
Pilot Fund 
G e n EIS A S Pr Fd cjenSecurit n 
Growth md n 
Hamilton 
F und HOA 
Growth Fund inc ome 
HartweMGrth n 
HartwHLever n 
Hue 11 age Fund 
HOidmq Trust 
Hor ac eMann fd 
ISI Group 
Growth income 
Trust Shares 
Trust Units 
Imper ml Capfd im p e ria l O rth industry f nod 
IN I ECON G rw t tnt invi'Siors investG ud n 
Inv. s( (rid c alor m vesiTr 
Bos inv Counsel 
CdpamdFK a 
CapaShrs We 
Investors G roup 

9 IS 
8 17 ll o3 

28 2o 
9 55 
18 TO 

9 OI + 
8 66 + 
9 13 + 
6 2o + 
6 OI * 
9 73 + 
17 o8 + ll 25 + 
15 59 + 
1o 43 + 
6 87 + 
4 
9 1o + 
19 49 + 
18 42 * 

8 95 + 
9 o8 + 
I V 64 + 
I OO 
9 14 + 
15 TO* 
22 36 + 
1o 38 + 
16 68 + 
11 26 + 
4 84 + 
I I 57 + 
22 24 + 

4 73 + 
4 42 + 
7 91 + 

5 81 + 
? o8 + 
9 i i * 
8 74 + 
8 46 + 
15 98 ♦ 
4o1* 

7 o9 v 
5 83 + 
4 84 + 
1 78* 
1o o8 + 
2 35 + 
3 36 + 
9 13 + 
8 8o + 
8 36 + 

9 32* 
8 26 + 

Growth 
Income 
Sue 
Neuberger Berm : 
Energy n 
GuardtanM n 
Parm ers n 
NeuwirthFd n 
NewWorld Fd 
Newton Fund 
Newton invsf Fd 
NiCholasFdln n 
NomuraCapFd 
Noreastlnv n 
Omega Fund 
Onewilliam n 
Oppenheimer Fd: 
Oppenhm Fd 
Opp Inc Bas 
Oppai 
Monet 
A IM 
Time 
OverCount Sec 
Param t Mutual 
Paul Revere 
PennSouare n 
PennMutual n 
Phil# Fund 
PhoenixCap Fd 
Phoenix Fd 
Pilgrim Grp 
Pilgrim Form 
Pilgrim Fd 
MagnaCap n 
Magna incom 
PineStreet n 
Pioneer Fund 
Fund ll 
Planned Invest 
Pliarowth Fnd 
Pi i trend Fnd 
Price Funds 
GrowthFd n 
Income n 
N ew Era n 
NewHorizn n 
ProFund n 
Provider Grth 
Pro S IP 
Putnam Funds 
Convert 
Equit 
Georqe 
Growth 
Income 
Invest 
Vista 
Voyage 
RainbowFd n 
Reserve Fd n 
Revere Fund 
SafecoEquit fd 
Safeco Growth 
Scudder Funds. 
Intl Fund 
Special n 
Balanced n 
Commons! n 
ManageRes n 
Security Funds; 
Eq u ity invest 
Ultra 
Sentinel Group 
Apex 
Fund 
Balanced F d 
Common Stk 
Sentinel Growth 
Sentry Fund 
Shareholders Gp 
' 
Comstock Fd 
Enterprise f d 
Fletcher 
Fd 
Harbor Fund 
Legal List 
Pace Fund 
Shearson Funds 
Appreciation 
Income 
Invest 
SierraGth n 
ShrmnDean n 
Sigma Funds 
Capital invest 
Trust Sh 
Venture Shr 
Sis Kemper 
■ Kemp Income 
Kemp MonMk 
Kemp MunBd 
Sup Growth 
Sup Income 
Sup Summit 
Technology 
Sm thBarEqt n 
Sm tb BartEG n 
SoGen int 
Soutnwstn Inv 
Southwn Inv Gth 
Sovereign Inv 
SpectraFd n 
State BondGr 
Common Fd 
Diversified F 
Progress Fd 
StatFarm Gth n 
Stat Farm Bal 
StateSt Inv 
Steadman Funds 
Amerind n 
AsseF Trust n 
Invest n 
CVeanogra n 
Stem Woe Fds 
Balance n 
CapOp n 
Stock n 
Surveyor Fd 
TempGth Can 
Tem pinvFd n 
Tr ansa rn Cap 
Transam Invest 
Travelers Eq Fd 
TudorHeoge n 
2othCent Orth 
2othCent Inc 
USAACapGth n 
US AA Inc f d 
USGovt Secor 
Unil Mutual 
Uni fund 
Union svr GiO: 
BroadSt Inv 
Nat Invest 
Union C apitol 
Umonlni fd 
United I mids 
Accumultiv 
Bono 
Cont Growth 
Con! Income 
Income 
Sc I once 
Vanguard 
UnitSvcsFd n 
Value Line Fd 
Value Line 
Income 
Levrged Grth 
Spec! Sit 
Vance Sanders income 
Invest 
Coni mon 
Special 
Vander pi 11 Grth 
Vanderblt Incm 
Vanguard Group 
Explorer Fr.d 
Es* Index 
(vest f und 
Morgan Fund 
Trustees Eq 
Wehesiey Inc 
Wellington f ri 
WeMmm 
Bd 
Windsor Fund 
V a rie d Indus! 
W aliSl Growih 
W eug -tnfq n 
Westfield Grwth 
Wisconsin Incm 
Uh lo 

14 53 
28 7* 
9 29 
8 66 
11 61 
12 IS 
1o 73 
14 55 
9 82 
15 OI 
1o 18 
15 o2 

6 6o 
8 68 
I OO 
9 *3 
7 27 
11 58 
8 76 
6.13 
8 79 
3 59 
7 27 
8 57 
9 73 

13 5o 
6 46 
3 59 
9 16 ll SI 

14 42 
28 47 
9 2o 
8 54 ll 56 
12o2 
1o 59 
14 31 
98o 
14 9o 
1o IO 
14 8o 

6 54 
8 65 
I oo 
9 46 
7 13 
11 42 
868 
6 o6 
8 67 
3.51 
7 2o 
8 48 
9 62 

13 39 
8 33 
3 53 
9 o7 ll 14 

14.53 + 
28 76 + 
9 29 + 
8 66 + 
11 59 + 
12 o2 * 
1o 73 + 
14.55 + 
9 81 + 
15 o1 + 
1o 18 +- 
IS o2 + 

6 6o+ 
13 
8 68 + .o7 
I OC 
9 63 
7 27 + 
21 
11.58+ .18 
8 76+ .15 
613+ 
13 
8 79 + .2o 
3 59+ 
IO 
7.27+ .16 
8 57 + ,17 
9 73 + .ll 

13 5o+ .15 
8 46+ .21 
3 59 + 
o9 
9 16+ 
12 ll 51+ .26 

14 53 
14 79 
14 4* 
1417 
12 7o 
17 o2 ll 57 
J 77 

 l i e * 
7 9 2 -' 

4 s i* 
3 57 ♦ 
IC 6o + 
2 »7 * 
• 59 + 
7 *9 * 
3 o6 + 
I 37 * 
7 38 * 
8 7 J* 
I *1 + 
IO 91 . 

11 26 
IO 23 
11.74 
7 32 
5 93 
8 o5 
IO 49 

12 o2 
IO 58 
14 28 
IC IO 
8 OI 
8 26 
IO 88 
12 44 
I 84 
I OO 
5 5o 
9 o9 
8 68 

13 65 
74 42 
15 37 
9.87 
1o o4 

4 o8 
J 41 
IO o7 

3 91 
8 IO 
17 63 
8 77 
12.79 

5 93 
5 $6 
5 42 
8 76 
6 89 
9 93 

17 78 
19 IO 
1o 67 
8 94 
16 48 

8 86 
11 o9 
8 8o 
1o 2o 

11 o3 
1 OO 
IO 61 
7 32 
IO o6 
1o 51 
7 SB- 
1o o6 
12 9/ 
11 33 
8 14 
4 87 
12 48 
4 79 

4 65 
5 35 
4 14 
599 
9 51 
48 3o 

2 37 
I IO 
I 44 
6 26 

18 6] 
8 91 
13 19 
9 14 
12 o2 
I OO 
7 83 
9 7o 
1o 61 
14 13 
4 77 
5 65 
8 21 l l 98 
1o o7 
8 79 
9 56 

13 o4 
6 9? 
II 14 
13 56 

6 67 
I 57 
9 46 
9 61 
11 OI 
5 94 
5 42 
I 43 

7 o3 
5 29 a ss 
4o6 

14 ID 
J 85 
* 55 
7 97 
4 IS 
4 o8 

•ll 37 
7 65 

 ll o9 
1o 19 
11 54 
7 2o 
582 
7 93 
1o 32 

11 87 
IO 44 
14 ll 
IO 64 
7 95 
8 15 
IO 74 
12 27 
I 79 
I OO 
5 39 
9 o2 
8 55 

13 51 
24 OI 
15 19 
9 73 
1o o4 

4 o2 
7 3o 
9 62 

3 82 
8 o3 
I ? 46 
8 71 
12 69 

5 82 
5 52 
5 28 
8 68 
6 83 
V 77 

17 49 
18 63 
1o 56 
8 86 
15 78 

8 73 
1o 97 
8 75 
9 95 

1o 96 
1 OO 
1o 53 
7 24 
9 98 
IO 35 
7 SO 
IO OI 
12 83 
II 21 
8 o* 
4 81 
12 27 
4 68 

4 58 
5 28 
4 on 
5 92 
9 43 
44 62 

2 34 
I o8. 
I 42 
6 19 

 lf 39 
8 79 
13 OO 
8 95 
I! 88 
I OO 
7 7$ 
9 63 
1o 4o 
13 82 
4 15 
5 51 
8 IO l l 87 
IO o5 
8 77 
9 41 

12.81 
A 8? 
1o 92 
13 44 

6 67 
7 5o 
9 19 
9 52 
1o 91 
5 9o 
5 24 
I 37 

6 59 
5 l l 
8 35 
3*3 

» . 71 
7 47 
6 48 
7 76 
4 IO 
4 OI 

14 53 + 
14 46 + 
12 2o + ll 57 + 
7 77 + 

 ll 26 + 
1o 23 + 
11 74 + 
7 32 + 
5 93 + 
8 o5+ .22 
1o 49+ .32 

12 o2 * 
IO 58 + 
14 28 + 
IO 78 + 
8 OI + 
8 26 + 
IO 88 + 
12 44 + 
I 84 + 
I OO 

5 8 : 
9 
8 68 

13 65 + 
24 42 + 
IS 37 * 
9 87 + 
1o o4 

4 OB + 
7 41 + 
IO o2* 

3 9) + 
8 1o + 
12 63 + 
8 77 + 
12 79 + 

5 93 + 
5 56 + 
5 42 + 
8 76 + 
6 89 + 
9 93 + 

17 78 + 
19 1o + 
IO 67 + 
8 94 + 
16.41™— 

8 86 + 
11.o9 + 
8 8o + 
1o 2o + 

11 o3 + 
I OO 
IO 61 + 
7 32 + 
IO o6 + 
1o 51 + 
7 58 + 
IC o6 + 
12 97 + 
11 33 + 
8 14 + 
4 87 + 
12 48 + 
4 79 + 

5 35 + 
4 14 + 
5 99 + 
9 51 + 
44 67 + 

2.37 + 
I 1o + 
I 44 + 
6 26 + 

18 63 + 
8 9! + 
13 19 + 
9 14 + 
12 o2* 
I OO 
7 83 + 
9 7o + 
1o At + 
14 13 + 
4 77 + 
5 65 + 
8 21 * 
11 98 ♦ 
1o o7 + 
8 79 + 
9 55 + 

13 o4 + 
6 92 + 
II 14 + 
13 56 + 

6.67 + 
7 57 + 
9 46 + 
9 62 + 
11 OI + 
5 94 + 
5 42 * 
I 43 + 

7 o3 + 
5 29* 
8 51+ .JI 
4 o6 + 
19 

17 85 
14 > i 
8 OI 
11 66 
9 9? 
12 41 
IO 19 
9 8o to rn 
I 68 
6 57 
1o 89 
7 51 
5 63 

17 22 
14 58 
7 IN 
11 48 
9 81 
12 16 
1o OS 
9 74 
IO 46 
3 62 
6 41 
IO 79 
7 41 
5 57 

13 71 - 
7 55 + 
6 55 * 
7 92 + 
4 15 + 
4 OS ♦ 

17 85 * 
14 73 * 
8 OI * ll 66 * 
9 9 ?* 
1? ?1 
1o 19* 
9 17 
IO 68 * 
3 68 + 
6 52 + lo av * 
I s i* 
5 Al . 
Copyright by The Associated Press 1*76 n 
No load fund 
Treasury Bonds 

Weekly Treasury Bonds 
N E W YO RK (A P ) — Over the Counter 
U S Government Treasury bonds, weekly high low and closing asked prices, the net change from th# previous week's closing asked price and yield 
R a te M a tg r ity High Low 
LasTChgYield 
8 
Feb 77 n IOO 1*1oo 131oo 13- 
5 
* 
Feb IT n IOO 111oo 9 IOO 9 — .2 
*' jM a r 71 n IOO 191oo 171oo l f — .1 
7+,Apr 77 n ICI I IOO 3o1oo 31- ,4 
6’ . M ay 77 n IOO 3o1oo 291oo 29™ 
2 
* 
M ay 77 n ICI 231o1 +8 + o1 IS - .6 
A H M ay 77 n 1o1 
IOO 3o1oo 3o- 
I 
* U Ju n 
77 n 
IQI 
1oo 311o1 
- 
I 
I' r jut 77 n IO! 
741o1 221o1 22 - 2 
7*<Aug 17 n 1o2 I ICI 311o1 31 - .2 
* U A u g 77 n 1o2 131o2 1o1o2 IC - 
4 
8 u S e p 77 n 1o2 231o2 2o1o2 2o™ 
4 
7' rO c♦ 77 n 1o2 9 1o2 * 1o2 * — 3 
7>.Nov l l n 1o2 2o1o* 161o2 I* - 
3 
6H N ov l l n 1o1 221o1 2o1o1 22 + 
7'.Dec. n n 1o2 131o2 1o1o2 13 * 
6V»Jan 78 n IQI I8 'o ! 1*1o1 l l * 
* .F e b 78 n 1o1 14IC1 121o) 14 ♦ 
8 
I f b l l n 1o3 131o 1 121o3 13 - 
* ■.Mar 78 n 1o2 3 1o2 
1o2 2 - 

IDS bond 
O’ owth 
IP S New DI rn 
Mutt*#1 mc 
Progressive 
Stock 
Selective 
Variable Pay laves* Research 
IsteiF unit inc 
Iv y * and n 
J P Giow thFd lanes Fund n john Hancock 
Balance 
Bond 
Growth john sin Mu* n 
Keystone funds 
Apollo Fund 
Invest Bd B l 
M edO td B l 
D V Bd 64 
Incom FT KT 
GrowthFd *1 
H'&rCe-n bl inc dm Si k S i 
Growth 5 I 
LoR rCorn 54 
Polaris 
I antimark Gth 
Lexington Grp 
Corp seeders lexm ytn Orth 
I eking Incom 
Ce*mg!n Bsh 
I ire tnt *n v 
LmcCln NIKI 
Select Ami n 
Select Spec n 
Loom.s Seyies 
Capite) n 
Mutual n 
Lord Abbott 
Affiliated Fd 
Bond Deb incom e 
Luther*) Bro 
F und income 
Municipal 
USGovt Sec 
Massac nusett CO 
Freedom FO independ Fd 
Mass Fd 
Mass + mend 
M IF 
M IG 
. 
M ID 
M FD 
MCD 
M F B 
Mamers End n 
ML C ap 
ML 
Rdv A*> 
Mid Aliner 
Money Mf. Met n 
MONY t und 
M SB f und 
M utual 
B+metll 
M IF Fund 
M IF Growth 
Mutusnot Omaha 
A m e r ic a 
1 
Growth income 
M uiuetShrt n 
N EA Mutuel 
• 
Natlinciust ti 
> Net Secor tar s ii enc ad 

8 J? 
19 81 
6 33 
23 IO 

9 28 
19 *t 
4 »52 

I 
1 
1 
.1 
1 
• T 
I A1 .Apr 
71 ii 1o2 2*1o1 2*1o1 21 * 
I 
1 ?>»MuV 
78 n 1o2 221o2 2o1o2 21- 
I 
'.M a y 78 ti 1o2 241o2 211o2 22 - 
1 
7’ .M a y 78 n 1o3 221o3 2o1o3 2o - 
2 
Jon 
78 n 1o2 171o2 141o2 la - 
I 
6*kJU* 
71 n 1o2 191o2 151o2 t i - 
4 
AHAug 
78 n 1o2 5 1o2 4 1o2 5 + 
I 
IW A u g 71 n 1o3 221o3 19IoJ 2o- 
2 
8‘.A ug 7$ n 1o5 141o5 1o1o5 l l - 
3 
6 . Sep 71 n IO' 2o1o1 171o1 2o 
S’ .O ct 71 n 1o1 I IOO 311o1 I 
$>.NOV 78 n IOO 2*1oo 231oo 25- 
I 
NOV 78 n 1o1 8 1o1 4 IO L I 
I'A Dec 71 It 1o5 * 1o5 5 1o5 7 - 
I 
S '*D »c 2| n 
99 29 99 2* 99 21- 
I 
1o3 111o3 I 19? 9_— . I 

2 
.4 

Leaders 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) W eek’s twenty most acflve stocks. 
Yearly 
High 
Low 
24'a 
28** 
78’ * 
IO’ • 
58+. 
22H 
ITT* 
V t 
16’ . l l ’ J 
56’ . 
38 
64+. 
341. 
29'. 
7+4 
18 
56’ . 
12o ■*. 
55+* 

13’ 1 
23*. 
57+. 
7H 
46 
1o+. 
13’-. 
4+* 
13+. 
97. 
47 V* 
23 H 
SO+5 
22’+ 
2o+* 
3H 
1o+. 
38+* 
8 ’ 1 
24+. 

Occiden Pet 
Texaco inc 
Gen Motors 
Sony Corp 
Gen Elec 
Chrysler 
FedNat Mfg 
Pan Am 
Southern Co 
Noeast Util 
Exxon 
NCR Corp 
Am Tel A ie l 
IntT elT el 
Gulf Oil 
Am Motors 
Seerle GD 
Dow Ch 
East Kodak 
Hat Semicn 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) - Week s American 
Yearly 
High 
6+. 
36’ . 
47 ». 
2+. 
5’ . 
8’ . 
16’. 
15’ . 
A’. 

Low 
3 
TO 
32’. 
I ’.. 
2’ 2 
4+. 
7+* 
1o’9 
2H ll 16 

Champ Ho 
Syntax Corp 
HouOilM 
Intl Bnknot 
McCull OII 
LoewsTh wt 
Asamera O 
Brown For B 
G I Bas Pet 
Instrum Sys 

Week s 
Sles 
. 1,o47.7oo 
988 OOO 
9*4.8oo 
849.4oo 
842.1oo 
816.4oo 
7o1.2oo 
684.8oo 
67o.7oo 
67o.3oo 
625.ooo 
614.7oo 
613.3oo 
+8o,7oo 
557.8oo 
556.3oo 
545.4oo 
539 6oo 
537 ooo 
533.2oo 

 leaders. w eek s 
Sale 
58o.9oo 
451.7oo 
359.8oo 
322.7oo 
188.7oo 
172.9oo 
171.2oo 
153.ooo 
1459oo 
14o.9oo 

Nigh 
Low 
Last Chg 
24 
— r. 
24’ J 
23H 
2*H 
27’x 
27+x + 
' J 
TBH 
76’s 
TBH A 
1+9 
9’ i 
9 
9>4— 
H 
55+4 
57+4 
55H+ 
2H 
2o7. 
19H 
TOH* 
+8 
IT H 
16*9 
I? 
+ 
'9 
5 '. 
<H 
5 
♦ 
+9 
16’9 
16 
IA H * 
H l l 
IO 
1o’9 + 
H 
53+4 
51+4 
53H + C9 
38 
35'• 
W H A 
2H 
64’ « 
63 
43' r - 
H 
34+4 
32H 
33*9+ 
H 
29 
TSH 
28’ .+ 
IE 
4’9 
3+8 
SH ­ 
' i 
13'. 
I J H 
U H + 
’9 
43’9 
<1’9 
43H+ 
1>» 
87'9 
84 
86 
+ 2'4 
28’x 
27 
27HA 
I 

W H A T t H E STOCK M A R K E T D ID 
Two 
T h U Prav.Y aar Years weekweekago ago 
Advances 
1,628 
9o6 
1,346 
1,693 
Declines 
294 
897 
447 
2o4 
Unchanged 
189 
31o 
241 lls 
Total issues 
2.111 
2,113 
2,o34 
2,o12 
New yearly highs 
439 
266 
1o1 
16 
New yearly iows 
. 
3 
23 
13 
2o 

W E E K L Y S A L E S 
ThlsWeek 

Averages 

High 
4 
LOW 
3H 
Last Chg. 
3t9 + 
H 
23+9 
21H 
23H+ I' 4 
47H 
4379 
47H+ 3H 
2H 
2'4 
2+x+ 
H 
3H 
3 '. 
3H+ 
H 
8+4 
TH 
S H J 
H 
I I H io n 
11+8+ ILE 
14H 
13'j 
1438+ 
'9 
6 
5+4 
578 . . . 
. 
I H 
7/8 
I 
+ 
'9 

ThlsWeek 
A YearAao 
11o,7oo,ooo 6o,375.54o 
*13o,o4o,ooo $72,866,ooo 
17.24o,ooo 9,696,355 
$8,93o,ooo $4,478,OOO 
4 45o,OOO 2 975,ooo 

W eekly Number of Traded Issue* 
N Y 
Stocks 
2,111 
N .v 
Bonds 
1,486 
American Stocks 
1,167 
American Bonds 
138 

NY Stocks 
N Y Bonds 
American Stocks 
American Bonds 
Midwest Stocks 

Lips and Downs 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) - The following list 

W e e k in s t o c k s a n d b o n d s 
Following gives the range of Dow Jones closing averages tor the week 
STOCK A V E R A G E S 
F irs t High Low La st 
IndS 
996 o91oo4 65 994 931oo4 63 + 
Trans 233 35 237.o3 233 35 
237 o3+ 5 16 
U tils 
1o5 25 1o8.38 1o5.25 
1o8 38+ 3 99 
65 Stk*321 o5 325 47 321,o5 
325 49+ I 35 
BONO A V E R A O E S 
2o Bonds 92 17 93.2o 92 17 
93 2o 
Utils 
97 53 98 58 97 53 
98 56 
Indust 
86 82 87 SS 86 82 
87 SS 

 i V f c 

o93 
o.83 
1.o4 

A m e x 
O p t io n s 

N E W Y O R K 
(A P ) 
— 
Standard ani 
Poor's Weekly 5oo Stock index 
High 
Low 
Close Chs 
4oo Indust 
119 46 
118 o4 
119.46 
+ 2.8 
TO Trans 15 34 
14.98 
15 34 
+ .43 
4o UtllS $4,24 
53.32 
54.24 
+1.12 
4o Financial 12 79 
12 49 
12.79 
+ 42 
4oo Stocks 1o7 46 
1o6 o6 
1o7 46 
+ 2 *2 

 shows the New 
York 
Stock 
Exchange stocks and warrants that have gone up the most and down the most based on percent of change regardless of volume 
No securities trading below $2 are Incl­ uded 
Net and percentagechanoesarcthe difference between last week s closing price and this week's closing price 
U P S nam e 
La st 
Chg 
Pct. 
I 
CabotCab F 
3H 
+ IVV 
Up 
7o.6 
2 
MtgeTr Am 
4H 
+ I ”. 
Up 
37 o 
3 
Amrep Corp 
TH 
+, 
' Y 
Up 
3o 8 
4 
FsfPa Mfg 
2+4 
+ 
H 
Up 
29 4 
5 
ACent Mfg 
Justice Mfg 
2’4 
+ 
’ j up 
28 6 
6 
7+6 
+ 
'Y 
Up 
267 
7 
Telex Corp 
Cousin* Mfg 
3W 
+ 
H up 
25 o 
8 
2 
+ 
H 
Up 
73 I 
9 
Hemisp Cap 
2 
+ 
+8 
Up 
23 I 
IO 
Horizon Cp 
2 
+ 
+9 
Up 
23 I ll 
RepMtg in 
2 
A 
+9 
Up 
23 I 
12 
Wachovl Rlt 
4 H 
+ 
+4 up 
22 2 
13 
Koracorp In 
7+8 
+ 1+9 
Up 
21 6 
14 
E ig in N a tl 
U M E T Tr 
24' a 
+ 4H 
Up 
2o 6 
IS 
2’ 4 
+ 
+9 
Up 
2o o 
16 
Unit Brand* 
1o*z 
+ 1+4 
Up 
2o o 
17 
Aileen Inc 
J". 
+ 
H 
Up 
Up 
19 2 
18 
C N A Finl 
7+4 
+ 
I ' 4 
19 2 
19 
ChaseMTr 
3' a 
+ 
34 
Up 
19 o 
2o 
Kopper* 
757/. 
4 
4 '. 
X 
19 o 
21 
Spar ton Cp 
13 
+ 2 
IS J 
22 
Atico Mfg 
TH 
+ 
+9 
Up 
17 6 
23 
N thgate Ex 
Gable md 
5 
+ 
+4 
% 
17 6 
24 
ST*. 
+ 
7ft 
17 5 
25 
PuerR Cern 
3+9 
A 
VY up 
17,4 
DOWNS 
Nam e 
Last 
Chg 
Pct. 
I 
ChockFO N 
3'y 
— 
H 
O ft 
16 I 
2 
L ibty Loan 
2'4 
'4 
Oft 
IOO 
3 
Lionel Corp j va 
— 
V4 
Off 
9 1 
4 
Angelica 
6+9 
— 
Off 
68 
5 
SeabWld Air 
3'$ 
1.4 
Off 
67 
6 nous 
Fabric 
SH 
H 
Off 
6 6 
I 
C levepak 
12H 
— 
Vt 
Off 
6 5 
8 
M arled co iowa Beef 
SOH 
— 3+9 
Off 
6 3 
9 
21 H 
— 1+9 
Off 
6 o 
IO 
Caesar 
Wort 
4 
”4 
Off 
59 ll 
Inte rctl D iv 
6 
— 
H 
Off 
5 9 
12 
Std Brands 
JO ”4 
— 17. 
Off 
58 
13 
Saul R IE s t 
4 'I 
— 
>8 
Off 
S I 
14 
E a s tn A irL 
S H 
— 
39 
Off 
5 6 
15 
Pittston Co 
35H 
2'9 
Off 
3 6 
16 
Toots Roll 
7'* 
H 
Off 
5 o 
17 
G rn G n t pf 
24+. 
— V E 
Off 
4 8 
IS 
GenA m O ii 
6 !' 4 
— 3 
Off 
4 I 
19 
B ake r Intl 
45 
— 2H 
Of, 
I S 
2o 
U nEI Apt 
Amtte-d 
45’ I 
— 2V4 
Off 
4 5 
21 
S IH 
— 2H 
Off 
4 4 
22 
Gen Banc 
I I H 
— 
H 
Off 
4 3 
23 
G erb er Pd 
25'. 
— I H 
Off 
4 3 
24 
Grand Un 
167% 
- 
+E 
Off 
4 3 
25 
Ed w rd s AG 
14 + . 
— 
H 
Off 
4 I 
D ollar 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) — The following list shows the 
American 
Stock 
Exchange stocks and warrants that have gone up the most and down the most based on percent of change regardless of volume 
No securities trading below $2 are incl uded 
Net and percentagechangesareth# difference between last week's closing price and this week s closing price 
U P S nam e 
Last 
Chg 
P ct 
I 
Key Co 
3 
A 
1+9 
Up 
844 
2 
Sterl Extrdr 
3 
A 
I'9 
Up 
6oo 
3 
Nolex Cp 
6+9 
A 2'9 
UP 
$oo 
4 
D e ju r Am * 
734 
+ 2+4 

 c c 
VTJ 

45 o 
5 
Nelson L B 
2 '. 
+ 
H 
41 7 
6 
Comrce Grp 
2’ 4 
A 
H 
Up 
38 5 
7 
Tubos Mex 
2H 
A9 16 
Up 
36o 
8 
Fiavoriand 
7H 
A 
IH 
Up 
Up 
35 7 
9 
Silo In t 
S H 
+ 2'9 
34.o 
IO 
Alfermn Fd 
IJH 
A 
3+9 
Lip 
32 9 ll 
Avondal Mil 
27'9 
+ E H 
Up 
31 3 
IT 
Intl Bnknot 
2+4 
+ 
H 
Up 
294 
13 
Barth Spen 
3H 
+ 
H 
Up 
29 2 
W 
Comodrlntl 
SH 
A 
VE 
Up 
28 6 
15 
Master* In 
3'y 
A 
+4 
Up 
27 3 
16 
Std Prod 
24*9 
A 5 >8 
Up 
27 I 
17 
AtlasCp wt 
83 J 
A 
1+4 
Up 
25 9 
18 
F'delco Gtti 
2Vj 
A 
+J up 
25o 
19 
HanvrSq RU 
5 
A 
I 
Up 
25 o 
2o 
RibtetProd 
5 
A 
I 
Up 
25o 
2! 
A M A X Wt 
ITH 
A 
2+9 
Up 
73 2 
YI 
Am Agronc* 
2 
A 
H up 
23 I 
23 
Belscot Ref 
2 
A 
+9 uPp 
23 I 
24 
CMT In Inc 
2 
A 
H 
23 I 
25 
I nolex 
Corp 
2 
A 
H up 
23 I 
DOWNS 
N am e 
Last 
Chg 
Pct 
I 
F ro n tA ir pf 
28 
— 
8 
Off 
22.2 
2 
M ydrom tl pf 
2o'/j 
— 
414 
Off 
17 2 
3 
C ap ital Re* 
2 
H 
Oft 
15 t 
4 
Phoenix 
Sit 
2?. 
- 
” , 
Oft 
14 8 
5 
Borne Eng 
3H 
— 
H 
Off 13 3 
6 
C aressa In 
479 
— 
H 
Off l l 4 
7 
A lan Wood 
7'4 
— 
7* 
Off 
1o a 
8 
ICH 
Corp 
3'9 
H 
Off 
9 7 
9 
Vintage Emf 
TH 
I . 
OH 
9.5 
IO 
PunfaGrd is 
2H 
__ v. 
Oft 
8 7 ll 
V ish ay In tr! 
New Proc 
2H 
— lf* 
Off 
8 7 
12 io n 
— 
79 
OH 
7 8 
13 
W slco Natl 
2o+4 
— 1+4 
Off 
78 
14 
Noel Indus! 
3 w lf* 
Off 
I I 
IS 
Cinem as L f 
4H 
— 
H 
Off 
I 5 
16 
Maul 
Bro* 
5 
— 
H 
OH 
7 o 
17 
Lincoln Am 
3H 
38 
Off 
6 9 
IS 
Over* Set 
3+9 
— I/. 
OH 
69 
19 
U N afC p pf 
3 H 
— if* 
Off 
6 9 
TO 
AllegCp wt 
8H 
— % 
OH 
67 
21 
Greenm an 
3' j 
™- 
14 
Off 
6 7 
22 
C urtis M at 
5+» 
— 
H 
Off 
6 5 
23 
Hotel Invest 
12H 
— 
Vt 
Off 
6 5 
24 
AmTech 
Ind 
3+8 
— 38 
Off 
6 3 
25 
H o rn EH a r 
* 
— 
H 
Off 
5 9 

A M E X 
O PT IO N S 
Friday. 
Dec 
31 
Option & price 
Jan 
Apr 
Jut 
Close 
Aetna 
25 
,o+4 ll b 
35 H 
Aetna 
IO 
5+9 
*'$ 
7+4 
35*4 
Aetna 
35 
1+9 29 16 
3+9 
35 H 
Am C ya 
25213 16 a 
3 '. 
27 H 
Am Cya 
3o 
H 
H 
H 
27’4 
Am Horn 
3o 
7'4 
SH 
3 'J 
32 
Am Horn 
35 
I 16 
+4 IS 16 
32 
Asarco 
15 
1+4 
2H213 16 
16H 
Asarco 
. 
2o 
I 16 
'Y 
I 
16H 
B eal F 
25 
J U 
3+4 a 
28 H 
B eat F 
3o 
1 ■ I! 16 IS 16 
28+9 
Bjjrrgh 
Burrgh 
8o 
9o 
U H 
3 '. 
13+4 
7 '. 
9+4 
91H 
9IT 
Burrgh 
IOO 
1 a 29 16 b 
91H 
Burrgh n o 
I 16 
+4 b 
91H 
Chase 
. 
25 
5' 3 
5H 
S H 
JOH 
Chasp 
3o 
H i l l 16 
2H 
3o'Y 
Chase 
35 a 
H b 
JO H 
C Tel 
15 
2H 
2U 
2H 
U H 
C Tel 
Deere 
2o b 
3 16 
5 16 
IT H 
1o111 16 
379 
3H 
31H 
Deere 
35 
I 16 
+4 
1+. 
J I H 
Dig Eq 
45 
9 
IOU 
12U 
5374 
Dig Eg 
46+9 
7H 
IO 
ICH 
53’ . 
Dig Eq 
5o 
4H 
TH 
8+4 
S JH 
Dig Eq 
53+9 23 16 
SU 
6H 
53H 
Dig Eq 
SOH 
+4 
3'Y to 
S JH 
Dig Eq 
6o 
' a 25 16 
3'Y 
53’ a 
Disney 
.38 ’ 9 
879 
IO* 9 ll 
47 H 
Oisnev 
43*4 
4+9 
6H 
7+4 
47H 
Disney 
45 b 
SH 
6+4 
47+4 
Disney 
48' z IS 16 
3'9 
4H 
47+9 
Disney 
SO b 29 16 
3H 
47+9 
Disney do Pol 
51'4 a l l 16 b 
47+* 
ITO 
15+4 
17H 
1979 134+4 do Pnf 
13o 
6' a 
IO 
ITH 
134+. du Pnf 
14o 13 16 
479 
7</4 134+4 du Pnf 
15o 
I 16 to b 134+. 
Fst Ch 
9”, 
7+9 to b 
17 
F it Ch 
U U 
2H 
3+9 b 
17 
Fst Ch 
15115 14215 16 b 
17 
Fst Ch 
19 
I 16 b b 
17 
Fst Ch 
IS b b 
3H 
17 
Fst Ch 
19 b 
79 b 
17 
FSI Ch 
7o a l l 16 l l 16 
17 

N EW YORK 
N E W YO R K (A P ! - T h e following is a list of the most active stocks based on the dollar volume 
The total is based on the median price of the stock traded multiplied by the shares traded 
Tot(SIOOti) baiesihdsiLast 
$1o6.2113824 279’ * 
$75,133 
9648 
71’* 
$45,913 
537o 
86 
$45.*13 
$38,944 
$12,9*8 
$27,54o 

Name 
IB M 
. 
.. 
Gen Motors 
East kodak 
Gen Elec 
Am TelETel 
Exxon 
Texaco Inc 
Ford Mot 
Xerox Cp 
Or c oen Pet 

$27,259 
$27,193 

8421 
*133 
38 
4478 
475o 

S S » 
63 U 
S JH 
27+* 
Al’/J 
58’ 1 
24 

 w a d e r s 

AM ERIC A N 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) —The following ii list of the most active stocks based on the dollar volume 
The total is based on the median price of the stock traded multiplied by the shares traded 
Name 
Tof($1ooo) Saies(hds)Lasl 
MouOilM 
$16,46o 
3598 47H bvntex Corp 
$1o,163 
4417 23’. 
Carbon ind 
$3,4o4 
794 45’. 
Kewanee In 
$3,1o7 
931 34H 
Carnation 
$2,954 
38o 78+* 
Im perO t! A . .. 
$2,651 
1219 22 
FlyO ia Oil 
$2,362 
1196 TOH 
Champ Ho 
$2,178 
58o9 
3’. intSys Con! 
. . . . . . 
$2,171 
11*o 18” $ 
B ro w n F o rB 
$2,142 
153o 14 

Lhirago Options 

C B O E O PT IO N S 
31 

4 o4 . 
12 l l T it 
o9 
'IM S 
7 84 * 
14 

14 42 + l l : 

7 * 
13 5$ 

 u n 

3 52 

IS 

F r o 7* n 
7 '«M ay ’ 9 n 1o5 1o1o5 I 1o5.IO- 
7 +*Jut) 7* n 1o5 8 1o5 5 1o5 7 — 
* ’ * Aug 79 n 1o1 211o1 151o1 19— 
A’ .A ug 
79 n IOT 8 1o3 J 1o3 5 ~ 
*' 1Sap 
79 n 1o7 121o7 5 1o7 5 — 
. .NOV 79 n 1o1 261o1 211o! 24— 
OHNOV 79 n 1o2 251o2 211o2 21— 
NOV 79 n 1o3 231o3 19)o1 2o- 
)Dec 
79 n 1o4 2 1o4 Jo1o4 J I - 
Feb 
IO 
95 I t 95 12 9$ 11 + v iM ar IO n 1o5 2 1o4 1o1o5 I 
( ’•May IO n 1o3 121o3 I 1o3 ll 
7HJt*n 8o n 1o5 2o1o5 161o5 it 
9 
Aug to n 1o9 J I tov 221o9 2*- 
4 ’ t S e p to n 1o3 141o3 9 1o3 14 
3‘ /NOV to 
IOO 7 
92 3o 93 4 . 
S ’ x D e c 
8o n IOO t IOO 2 IOO 7 — 
7 re b 81 n 1o3 241o3 Jo1o3 24 + 
7 H F eb f l n 1o5 > 1o4 211o5 2 
7+*May l l n 1o5 I 1o4 271o4 J I — 
7 H Aug l l n IO* I 1o5 271o6 I 

4 
4 OI 
4 TS 
4 29 
4 $5 
4 36 
4 41 
4 49 
4 47 
4 Ai 
4 ?! 
4 75 
4 76 
4 7o 
4 TI 
4 86 
4 91 
4 93 
5 o1 
5 o2 
5 o9 
5 12 
5 o9 
5 13 
5 2o 
5 25 
5 25 
5 26 
5 i i 
$ 27 
5 JI 
5 29 
5 I t 
5 32 
5 34 
I 4$ 
5 41 
5 $9 t 5*Iii 
5 *1 
5 *7 
J $7 
5 77 
5 l l 
S $3 
5 94 
5 14 
5 $o 
5 l l 
5 96 
5 97 
6 o6 
I ll 
5 7* 
« o6 
« 14 
« 12 

Option & price 
Jan 
Apr 
Jut Close 
Alcoa 
. 45 
17 b b 
57' 4 
Alcoa 
SO 
6+. a a 
57'. 
Alcoa 
55 
2+7 b b 
57+i 
Alcoa 
6o 
+1 I I I 16 a iff 
57 ”4 
Am TH 
SO 
I J H b b 
63U 
Am TH . 
55 
8 1 
S H 
9+4 
*3 U 
Am Tei 
*o 
3' 7 
4+8 
4+4 
63' . 
Arn ret 
65 to 
IU 
1+4 
*3U 
Ail R 
4o 
18 b b 
57*4 
At, R 
45 
17 H a b 
57 '. 
All R 
SO 
7+4 
8+4 
9+4 
57 >. 
At! R 
*o 
3 4 
2+4 
4 
57’ . 
Avon 
4o 
9U 
IOU 
IOU 
49H 
Avon 
*$ 
4' 1 
SU 
*+4 
4V' , 
Avon so 
I 
2+4 
3*4 
49 1 
Bank Am 
2o io n a 
1o+4 
JOU 
(JankAm 
25 
SH 
SH 
$+4 
JOU 
Bank Am 
3o 
H 
IH 
2+4 
3o . 
Beth & 
3S a 
6'9 
6+9 
4o H 
Beth 5 
4o 
I 
2'* 
I 
4o+9 
Beth S 
45 
I 16 
9 16 to 
4o+9 
Bruns 
IO 
6U to b 
16U 
Bi uns 
IS 
IH 
2H215 16 
16’ 4 
Bruns 
2o 
I 16 
' 1 
H 
16' . 
Burl N 
.. 4o 
4 
6U a 
44 
Burl N 
. 
45 
’ I 
2' I 
J U 
44 
Burl N so 
I I* 
13 ,6 b 
44 
C iiicp 
25 
7 '4 a a 
32*. 
Citicp 
JO 
2% 
JH 
4U 
37+4 
Citicp 
39 
+9 IS 16 
IH 
32*. 
Citicp 
4o a 
3 16 b 
JT H 
Delta 
35 
J U 
4H 
SH 
J I H 
Della 
.. 
4o 
1,7 
IH 
3H 
J I H 
D elta 
45 a 
11 to 
J I H 
Onw Ch 
4o 
3*4 
4". 
S’ . 
4 JH 
Dow Ch 
45 
7 16115 16 
J 
43 H 
Dow Ch 
5o 
1 16 
+8 to 
43U 
Dow Ch 
55 
I I* b 
o 
43+9 
Las KO 
IQ 
*H 
IO 
12 
86 
Eas Kd 
9o 
+4 
4’ a 
* ’ 4 
86 
E as Kd 
IOO 
I 16 
I U b 
86 
E a s kd n o 
I 16 
1. b 
86 
E a * K d 
ITO 
I 16 to to 
14 
F ..o n 
45 
1 + 4 
I 
9 
S JH 
Exxon 
SO 
3' > 
4+4 
SH 
S IH 
Exxon 
55 
H 
I' I b 
Si-9 
E ..o n 
OO 
I 16 
*9 
7. 
S JH 
F N M 
IS 
21 16 
S H 
79 I* 
17 9 
F N M 
2o a 
V« 
' 1 
U U 
F ti Kir 
JO t+i a a 
38 . 
I I OOT 
35 
3 *9 
SU 
* ’ 4 
38+. flu o r 
4o 
7 16 
7+9 l u 
I I UOY 
45 
I 16 
H b 
38 U ford 
SO ll '* 
12 • 
17W 
*1h t Oro to 
Th 
4 
SU 
I I H 
Gen Ct so 
5+. 
6U 
7*4 
S5H 
Gen t i ss 15 16 
3 
4 
5SH 
Gen E l 
*o 
I 16 
IU 
2 
$$H 
G M 
6o 
I I H 
H U to 
7|H 
G M 
7o 
BU 
9' 1 
IO 
T i n 
G M 
8o 
TH 
4U 
C t W SI 
IS 
8 <x 
I H a 
23'j 
GI Wk! 
2o 
3H 
4' 4 
4+4 
Mi y 
Of Wst 
25 
3 16 1$ I* 
J H 
23' , 
OH Wn 
IS 
J H 
3". 
4+9 t i u 
G'f Wa 
.2 o 
+9 
H 
IH ti* a 

 synZoe 
SynZoe 
Syntex 
Syntex 
Syntex 
Tesom esoro 
Tesoro 
Tex In 
Tex In 
Tex In ex in 
Tex in 
Upiohn 
Upjohn 
Up (Oh n 
Weyerh 
Weyerh 
Weyerh 
Xerox 
Xerox 
Xerox 

E P 
E P 
Am HUS 
Am HOS 
M P 
M P 
B axter 
Baxter 
Baxter 
Blk DK 
Blk Ok 
Blk Ok 
Boeing 
Boeing 
Boeing 
Bois C 
Bois C 
Bois C 
I I 
I S 
Coke 
Coke 
Coke 
Col gat 
Coigai 
(m w E d 
Crow i d 
'■ala 

14 99 2*1o1 l l * l l * Oft 
2*1o7 1*1o’ 24- 
3 
*21 
121o* * lO t.U — 
I 
* 14 
121o7 » 1o7 IO - 2 
* 3* 

84 24 14 I 
’*8 
84 24+ .2 i ll y VO 
111 TH IO 22U1 2! + J ! * 9o 
I 87 92 15 JO t5 It 15 JO - 
2 
$ *1 
1 I t 9J I* J 
+ , 2 ) 1 * ! 
4 
5 3o 
HF en 93 
99 2o 91 2* 99 2o + TI i 79 
’.A u g t i 9} IQS Ho4 I 1o5 I + I * 
* 14 
• .M a * 19 94 IS 12 14 3o 85 12 + 
* 
I 44 
J 
F ab 95 
84 2o 14 IO 14 2o 
I 
M ay 93 9* IOO U99 2o1oo 12+ . 

Vi* 
9 95 * 
15 12* 
9 64 + 
9 o5 + 
4 Q* + 

 l l 91 
I 
4 17 
I 
9 i i 
I 
J I M 
’ 
8 54 
> t u t 
1*7 + 
I! 14 + 

BJT 
Diktat livutmd 
Growth 
Preferred 
Income 
Stock 
’ N E U N Fund: 
E quity 

9 7f 
9 1o+ 
o9 l l 1 h i 

17 ?5 
U 4 IU 1 ? • « ♦ 
God" #* 1o 

Aug l l 
1o5 2 1o4 3o1o5 
7 
Nov 81 n IQI 1o1o3 241o3 29— 
7*.Nov l l n IO* 221o* H U ’* 22 - 
6’ if e b 
( D I loo 
IOC 
IOO 
* H f cb 12 
1o1 14 f 
I 
M ay « J n 1o7 2*1o7 
I .A ug 82 n IO! 121o1 . 
. 
/’ .NOV 12 n 1o7 121o7 » 1o7 1o- 
I 
Fab 83 n lot * 1o7 1o1o8 4 * 
4 
6 
J ’ * Ju n 
78 l l 86 IO 85 26 $6 IO * 21 5 
7 
NOV l l n 1o1 171o3 121o3 15- 5 * tH A u g 84 
IOO 2*1oo 1*1oo 2*+ 8 * 
I H M ay 15 
$4 28 14 I* 14 26— 2 5 
4 4v a * 75 15 87 a 
I * 24 $7 * + 12 * 
7’ .M a y t6 n 1o7 251o7 H IO / 25* 
5 
6 
8 
Aug 86 n IO! 2*1o* 111o* 22 + 
♦h n o v I m 
J ’ jf eb 9o 
8 'xM ay 
4’ «Aug 
4 
Fee 
» H F * b 
7’ iA ug 
■ 
B 
B 
. . . 
_ 
. f ab *5 
14 2o 84 l f (4 2o 
4 22 
M a y 91 98 'OO 1299 2o1oo 12+ 24 6 97 
I ' jN q v 98 
84 24 84 8 
14 24 + 
2 
4 *1 
8’ tM *y 94 9V 111 
111 2o111 * 1 
12 7 11 
IH F ab 95 oo 1o7 12'o6 *1o7,12 + I IO 7 14 
IH A JR 95 oo 
112 1 1o 281 12 
* 1 
* 7 2o 
* 
Aug 9* OI lot H IO ? 141o1 l l * I I 7 l l 
1 M ay OO OS 11J I U C 
................. n 
Traasur y Notes t+rtcas auoted in oouar* ad thirty 
Subject to Federal taxes but 
Slate incoma taxes 
Dividends 

P R ID A Y D IV ID tN O * O RCL Alf t 

 fled 
Rata 
Rec are abl* 
IR R E G U L A R 
Mast. IrwTr 
217 
Vance Sender Mc 
4o r r o c K 
Frost ie Enter pc 
. loc 
Y E A R RNO 

R E G U L A R 

M 
I i 

State St My 

12 l l 
2 4 t i l l 
111 

 t i * 
111 

I M I 
114 
8 

 rex el rostie 
BdDeb linter pr a % 

 u t 
I 14 
I 14 J - ' 

Wn O 
Cif Wn O 
Malbtn 
Hal bin 
Halbm 
Meibtn 
Horn stk 
HomMk 
Momstk 
Hom yrk 
MOU OM 
HOU OM 
HOU OM 
Moo OM 
N A 
N A 
N A 
B M 
B M 
B M 
In rtar 
In war 
In Mar in Mm in Min 
In Pap in Pap 
' T T 
T T 
T T 
John J 
John J 
John J kenn C keno C kenn C ker r M kerf M 
Kresge 
Kress# k re s g t 
Loews 
Loew s 
L o e w * 
Mc 
Mc 
Mc 
Merck 
Merck 
Merck 
M M M 
M M M 
M M M 
Mot san 
Monsan 
Mon san 
N C R 
N C R 
N C R 
N w Air fix Air 
Nw A ir 
Penn/ 
Pekin 1 
Penn/ 

P e p t 
Pepsi 
Polar 
Polar 
Polar 
P o la r 
P C A 
R C A 
R C A 
Sears 
Sears 
Sears 
Sperry 
S p e rry 
SftuU... 

SO 
* o 
7 ie 
7o 
I I* 
IO 
I 1* 
VO 15 H too 
1 ta 
IO 
7*. 
IS 
2+* 
4>* 
4o b i l l I* 
25 
5 
5’ » 
Jo ii 1* 
S h 
J ? 
1 i t h 
25 
7+* a 
JO 
J 
4 
IS 
I U l l H H to a i c j 
8o 17 14 
IN 
9o 
’ * I I I * 
IO 
9 b 
» 
4M 
SH 
4o l l 16 
2’ a 
6$ 
H U I* 
A) a a 
25 21 I* 
I 
JO 
H l l It 
AB 
9H 
IO' > 
7o l l I* 
3'* 

 e lo 
V t* 
4’*. 
% '\ l\ 
. l a 

, 
3o 
I I* b b b 
35 
I I* b b b 
•IO 
3+9 
XU 
S H 
23+4 
• B 
*9 
IH 
2H 
23' 4 
3o 
16 
+9 b 
23'8 
IO a a 
4U 
I* 
15 l l 16 19 16 
7 
I* 
7o 
I 16 
5 16 b 
16 
9o b 
16+9 a 
1o2H 
IOO 
4*9 
9 
11+4 1o2H no 
H 
4+4 
AH 1o7H 
12o 
I* 
I H b 
1o7H 
13o a 
U b 
1o2H 
35 
J ’ X 
5u 
6H 
38H 
4o 
7 16 
TU 
3+9 
S IU 
45 
I 16 
H b 
4o 
45 
5o 
5o 
4o 
7o 
I ”* 
I I* 
Fob 
TO 
5+x 
25 
H 
3o115 16 
35 
H 
JO 
’ x 
35 a 
15 
4o 
4$ 
IS 
2o 
IS 

T i 

SH 
1+* 

7 '. 
1H 
!' • 
ICH 
3+« 
’ « 

 n 
, 
1 
V t 
’ * 
IJH 
I I* a 
3’Y 
I ”4 
SH 
TH 

 a 
46 

2 
12 
5' J b 
Aug a 
1H 
3H 
I ”4 

On D m 
S 

 n Dyn n D *n 
‘ n Dyn 
I Utah 
OC Utah c r utah 
Gen Fd 
Gen F d 
Gen F a 
Mew I et 
H e*'et 
He wi et 
Hewiet 
H Inn” 
M Inns 
Monwll 
Honwli 
Hon n il 
In Fly 
In F iv 
J Many i Many 
J M 
MGI 
M G I 
Mobil 
Mobil 
Mobil 
N Semi 
N tem 
N Semi 
*1 
N n sem 

IS 
9+4 b to 
4o gift 
4+9 
IH 
45 21 I* 
3H 
4 H 
25 
SH 
SH f+Y 
JO 
4 
5 
SH 
35 
*8 
IH 
J H so r j a a to 
IH 
J U a 
TO 
9H 
IOU a 
*o 
2+. 
4(4 
* 
9o 
H 
IH b 
25 
3 
J U 
3H 
3o 
5 16 
H 
IH 
M I U 16 a 
TH 
35 a 
H 
7o 
AH 
7 
I 7 
25 
7 
SH 
OH 
45 
9’ x ll to 
SO 
SH 
7H 
9't 
*o 13 16 
J U 
3H 
7o 
I I* b b 
I I H 
17+9 a b 
46 * 
9H 
IOU 
$1+9 
S JH 
2+4 
4'9 a 
25 
S’ ) a a 
JO 13 I* 
2+9 
2 '. 
35 
+9 
' 7 O 1* 

25 lf* 

*15 U H r 

 e 
15 l l ii 
• I i 
*’ 
2o115 llH215 H 

Sum * 
ItlfM 

& 

V* 
46 
$1 
58 
58 

25 
2S'y 
JOH 
JOH 
21 
71+. 
4o 
4o'. 
4o 
S’: 
7o’b 
44 H 
44 H 
44+* 
ISlr 
59+» 
79 
79 
79 u27 
I I H 
H H 
25 H 
25 H 
J I H 
53 
M 
53' 

17' 
87' 
$7’ l l ' 
U ' 
4 ' 
48' 
48 
22' 
22' 
13 
+’ 
33 
S n 
It* 

A 
T 

27’ . 
27”. 

D e c 
Raytnn 
Re ytftn 
R ay t+n 
RynldS 
Rynids 
Ryn id s 
Si urn b 
Si urn o 
Slumb 
K 
Skytin 
. ’ 
Skylm 
I 
Soutnn 
I 
SI ind 
St Ind 
. 
! 
Si ind 
— 
I ii Ind tx Git 
,.,J 
Tx G II 
U A L 
U A L u a l 
...; 
U Tech 
U Tutti 
U Tech 
J Mf ait 
J W ait 
J Walt 
J H a il 
Willms 
Willms 
Total volume 

25 l l 1*113 It 

7o l l I* 

I* . 17 I t 
14’ * b 
9’ . 
9H 

1H 27 I* 
1H 
9H 
I t * a 
'n 

* 
*7H 
*7 H 
9#H 

H H 
% 
ZZ n 
**! r 
2*H 
2*H 
% 

9‘. 

 m 
TH 
I 
'% 
I 
5’ x 
A i 
I* J l l 
8.917 
Opan interest 1,511,73* b No opt Mm offeredri s: 

Bills 

4 45 4 J9 4 
4 47 4 19 4 
4 5o 4 42 4 
4 5o 4 42 4 
4.5o 4 42 4 
4 SO 4 44 4 
4 SI 4 45 4 
4 52 4 44 4 
4 52 4 
4 52 4 
44 l 
4 5o * 4o 4 
4 IO 4 41 4 
4 57 4 47 4 
4 59 4 51 4 *9 
4 *2 4 l l 4 TI 
4 *4 4 51 4 79 
4 *4 4 5* 4 77 n u 
4 ai 4 5 9 4 * 2 
Sublet 1 lo Federal taxes 
U<t not to 
Stet. in rot ne texas 

TH 
Tel billet 
Gate! 
SSS!! 
•reyhd rev bd 
G ulf O 
Gulf O 
Gulf O 
Hercul 
Here ul 
F O 
F C 
F C 
Lilly 
L illy 
... 
L illy 
Merril 
Merril 
M erril 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
Mesa P 
M esa P 
Motrla 
Motrla 
Piner 
P illa r 
Phelps 
Phelps 
Phelps 
PH Mor 
PF Mer 
Proc G 
Proc G 
Proc G 
“ it# A ite A 
St Cai 
St Cai 
R W 
R W 
R W 
Tandy 
Tandy landy 
Tandy 
Texaco 
Texaco 
U Carb 
U Carb 
U Carb 
U S St 
U S St i st 
I StO 
Wrn Lm 
W rn Cm 
Westng 
Westng 

M F 
M F 
S A * 
S A 
S A 
Avn et 
Avnct 
Caf O 
C.aferp 
C aterp 
Con Ed on E d lr Pep 
Dr Pep 
Dr Pep 
E l Pa* 
El Pas 
Fieetw leetw 
Grace 
G race 
La Par a Pac 
La Par 
La Pac 
La Pac 
La Pac 
M GIC 
M GIC 
N Dis! 
N D im 
Nor* S 
Nor! S 
Penney 
Penney 

Phil P 
P h .I P 
Urn OO 
OG 

25 
JO 
25 
IO 
2o 
25 
15 
2o 
2o 
25 
3o 
25 
3o r. IS 
2o 
25 b 
45 
3 
5o 
9 16 
*o 
I 
2o 
SH 
25 
7% 
3o 
I 16 
VS l l ’ j 
3o 
6’ * 
35 17 16 

OH 
6H a 
1+4 2! 16 25 16 
2’ . 
3’4 
37% 
3 16 
’ x 
Ii* 
3+4 
4'• 
4*. 
'9 
+4 
1H 
H 
\ 
13 16 b b 
4+4 l l 16 
4H 

3H 

 a 
5 16 
6H 
I ' J 

 b 
4H 
H 
4H 
1H 21 I* a a 
2 '. 25 16 
+* 
H 
S H a 
T H 
3H a 13 16 
SH 

4o 
5o 
•ii 
25 
3o 
15 

3’» b b 
8 
4'a 

2'$ 
'% 
11+4 
7 
H E b lW 27 I* 
I 
7H 
I ' a 
’ a 
? H 
3H 
4'4 
4N 
S H 
I 16 17 16 
U s a av. 
A ’S 
4o l l 16 23 I* 29 16 
45 I 16 a b 
5o a 
U H a 
6o 
?'« 
4 't a 
8o 
U H b b 
9o 
3H 
7 
8 
IOO 
I 16 17 16213 16 
I S H ! I* 29 16 
7o 
I 16 
H 
5’a 
6H 
1<9 TI I* 
6+4 
6 ’. 
1H 
TH 
I 16 IS 16 
12 
ITH 
7 t 

IS 
4o 
3o 
IS 
4o 
3o 
35 

I 
H 
AH 
* H 

4o TS 16 
45 
25 
3o 
5o 
6o 
7o 
..45 

 b 
9 
5H 
2’x 
3H 
H 

5' a 

+.11514 
2+4 
J 
I H 
7 1* 
H H 
U H 
2’+ 
4+4 a l l H 19 I* 
5 a 
7 
5o IS I* 
TH 
3+4 
55 
I I* IS I* 
1H 
S IH 
H b b 
IO l l I* 29 I* 
I 
35 
I I* 
H I M * 
IS 29 I* 
J H 
J ’ a 
2o 
’ . 
I . IS IE 
Fab 
M ay 
Aug 
.. 2o 17 I* 
2 271* 
TS 
I I* 
7 16 b 

JIH l l ’ . 
27 ’ a 
27” j 
23+4 
23H 
15 
15 
28'a 
28H 
28'x 
28 
28 
21” a 
21” » 
21’S 
47H 
47H 
47H 
25”4 
25’ 
25’ 
16’ 
Si: 
36 , 
57 
57 
29+. 
29 H 
.1 
4! 
41 
61+4 
61+4 
93H 
91H 
93H 
16'X 
16’ . 
41 
41 
36 
I* 
IA H 
42 H 
42 . 
42’ . 
42’ . f 

7H 
7H 
S I H 
41’ . 

IS 
4* a 
I b 
2o 
2+x 
3 H 
4 
25 
7 16 IS 1*115 i t 
IS 
3 
3H 
4 
TO 
5 16 
5 It 
! H 
6o is 1* b b 
55 
SH 
4+8 
S H 
65 
I 16 a 
I 
IS 
4'4 a a 
2o 
( H U S 14 
7+9 
IO a a 
5 
IS 
1 j l l I* 
17 14 
7o 
I 16 
H b 
IO 
S H a a 
IS 
H 
H 
H is 
4' J 
4H 
S H 
2o IS '6 
IH 
TH b 
4+4 
8*. 
S H 
3o 
H 
17 H I U I* 
9+4 
TU b to 
IO 
7+y 
I b 
14+4 
3H b to 
IS 
3 
SH 
4H 
19+9 
H b b 
2o 
H l l 1* 
I H 

 c 
% 

4H 
TH 
SH 

TH 
3H a 
IS 15 14 
IH I1 5 14 
19 j 
IH a to 
7o a 
IH 
IH 
SO a 
SH 
4H 
55 
1H7I1 I* 
J U 
6o 
H 
H a 
SO 
16U a 
S 
6o 
4U 
TU 
I U 
TO 
H 17 I i 
TH 
IO 
• H 
* b 
15 
4 
4U 
SH 
TO l l 14 
7 
2 'i 
IO 
3U 
J* . 
3H 
IS 
' 4 I I 14 IS 14 
IO 
SH 
SH 
AH 
Is 
I* I* 
TH 
79 I* 
2o 
5 I t b to l l 
J 
7+9213 14 
TO 
'* 
I It 
H 
75 
( I ta b 
3o 
I 
7+j 
35 
TU 
TH 
4o 
1, 
H 
I 
IO 
J U 
3+t 
J U 
IS u l l I* 
I 
2o 
I I* 
H to 
25 
JH 
4H 
* H 
3o 13 I* 
IH 
25 I* i i 
'* 
H b 

The Market In Brief 
NY Stick belam tssns 

 trtto f, I k 
31 

----------------- fTiixt 

2 7 2 1 4 .1 1 1 

OVERTHE 
COUNTER 
Ouototions from the NASO ore representative inter denier nr Des as of approximately 3 p rn infer dealer markets chanqe throughout the day Prices do not include retail mork up, commission mark down 

Dec 
J I . 
1976 
Bid 
Asked 
A lam o Savings 
IS 
I6 U 
A m or F d rs 
I t 
U ’ 7 
Am m est 
J U 
J ' , 
J 
A m er 
Se< 
( i f 
B e x a r Co P f 
34 
C afeterias Int 
ISP ; 
TO1 J 
C h u rch s Chick 
Com m Pro p 
J U 
4 
D atapotnt 
?v 
TV '. 
D o rchester C o s 
U U 
12 
I? 
El P a s o L e t 
U U . 
Fed erate d C ap 
I . " . 
I J H 
F o re s! On 
21 • 
27 f rank 
23' . 
7 1 * 4 
Ft, Sam Bk Sh a re s 
31'.- 
.1.1 j f rost Bi. 
2o . 
I , . 
G ra y Tool 
G ulf E n e rg y 
8 , j 
H andy Don 
U U 
IS 
H e n ry S Miller 
.’ . 
H .. 
H ow ell Inst 
. 
K e lly f leld Ntl 
2o 
2 j 
Cone Star B re w 
I? 
17 u 
M erchants 
IS 1 l f J 
NRC al Tex 
IS 
I 
O lym p ia Brew 
4f. 
J ’ 
P lato ft '8 
7 
Pogo 
U U 
U .1 
Shoo Cm m 
2 1 N 
J , 
Shop P h i 
8 7 
HI .• 
17 j 
Sigm or 
I? 
Stw a rt & Stvnson 
14 
14 j 
Tekos Intl A ir 
J 
J * w 
Tipperary 
ISH n u 
Transport Lit 
4 '. 
5 . 
W eath erfo rd Intl 
U U 
11 
W inns 
IB 7 
19U 

Foreign Exchange 

N E W YO RK (A P ) foreign fcxchan 
In dollars and decim als of a dollar, Ni 
Ycrk prices 

Argentina (peso) 
Australia (dollar) 
A u stria 
(schilling) 
Belgium (franc) 
Brazil (cruzeiro) 
Britain (pound) 
3o Day Futures 
6o day F utures 
9o Day Futures an ado (dollar I hlle (escudo) 
Colombia (peso) 
Denmark (krone) 
Ecuador (sucre) 
France (franc! 
Holland (guilder) 
Hm q Kong (dollar) 
Israel (pound) 
Italy (lira) 
Japan (yon) 
Mexico (peso) 
Norway (krone) 
Peru (sol I 
Portugal (escudo) 
South Africa (rand) 
Spain (peseta) 
Sweden (krone! 
Switzerland (franc) 
Uruguay (peso’ 
Venezuela (bolivar) 
W G e rm an y (d c h m ark ) 

Thurs. 
R et 
CIOCI 
OBCI 
I o935 
I OMS 
(Vioo ode 
o2 hoo (lim o 
o82o 

o32 
I 1525 
o1/9 
24 JO 
1o95 
255o 
2334 
4245 

This tatooed mannikin is a featured part of the 
In Celebration of Ourselves” exhibit under­ way at the San Francisco Museum of Modern 
Art. — AP Wirephoto 
N o. 2 m an at State is appointed 

N9W YORK TIMIS S IR V Itl 
WASHINGTON - Warren M. Christopher, a prominent Los Angeles attorney, was named 
Friday to serve as the No. 2 State Department in the Carter administration. same time, it was 
.......... 
............ 

N . Y . B o n d s 

New York (A P ) — 
Frid ay's smelted 
New York Stock Exchange bond prices 
Sales 
$1ooo High LOW CtoieChg 
C O R PO R A T IO N BO N D S 
ATO <v4+*8? 
Am f or P 4 8sB7 
AAirl cv4'4s92 
A M Fd e ve . l l 
A T E * 4 HS 85 
ATT 8 8o52oo5 

CVH 
49 +4 
49+4 
3oH 
3o". 
I?H 
U H 

21H 
21 
S' r 
IT H 
59 
58iii 
21 
21 
14' 4 
14 1 4 
U H 
14’. 
14 8b 
W H 
W U 
29 H 
29H 
17’. 
17H 
17’. 
17". 
17’. 
17’. 
IIH 
I I Hh 

52H 

**H 

3o 
73+. 
7JH 
731. IU l l 
59 
58H S IH 
S 
87'> 87’ . o n 
’ / 

92 
1o9H I O IH 1o9 U - 
’ . 
Aith T E SF 4s95 ll 42’9 
62H 62+4 
B E G e ve rs'Ot 
* 6o 
S IH 6o 
Battish 9s2DOo 
IO 1o5” . 1o5’ » 1o5’ * I 
Brims cv4” *,81 
2 8*’ . 
B A . 
86 . I ’ . 
Can Pee caperp 
Cetanes eve,9o 

- n w 
Rhs OO 
15 
4 
Ad 
SH I I H 
Rec OO 
TO l l I* 
7 
2‘ i 
H H 
J Seerie 
IO 
3H 
1H 
3*9 U h k-arie 
15 
H l l I* IS I* l l » 
Simp P 
IO 
5+4 
5’9 a H U H 
Simp P 
IS I* I* 
2’ i 29 I i 15H 
Sim p P 
2o 
5 I t b b 
IS H sterfg l l 
I 
2H2U I* 
)*+. 
St orig 
2o 
19 I I* 
+4 
1*H 
TenncO 
25 l l b 
o J t H 
Tenneo 
JO 
*+# 
7 
7’ . JA H 
Tenner) 
IS 
2H 
2+4 
I IAH 
TenncO 
4o 
*9 
H 
I 1**8 
Tiger 
IO 
2‘ r 
J U 
3H IIH 
Tiger 
IS t i ll I* 
I I I H 
Tiger 
2o 
I )* 
>9 b U U 
Zenith a 
J H r H 
4’» 27*9 
Zemth 
IO l l I* 
IH 25 I* ?7’9 
Zenith 
M 
’9 
'9 b 27*9 
Total volume 42,o44Open interest 
955.154 a Not ’reded b No option offered 

Money rales 

N EW V O R K (A P ) - Money rat#* for 
Friday Prim e rat* * « ’ . 
Discount rat# SU 
Ender# funds m ark*! 

 hasB tv 4 ’ «93 
C M S tP P 5*55f 
CitKp cv5H voo 
Coned 9H7ooo 
Con Air rv J ’ $92 
ContlllCp 7*89 
CraneCo 8st5 
CrocN a 15*94 dopant ase I 
Ea s iA L CVS*92 
Evans c v *U 9 4 
F retd ens CvS*96 
F ordCr eve ,96 
Gen Inst cv5*92 
»i Mot Acc Ss8o 
On T IEI CVS*92 
Grace cvA.7.9* 
Grand CV4H94 
O'blier 9” «9 t 
GuardM I 7' j79 
GltWr: iv 5 ’ z93 
Oui IMO 5* Mf 
Meubln cv4” ,97 
HiltnM cv5> /95 
IntMm cv4*91 
IntTT rvSUhOO itelCp CV 7$95 
L r v t p 5*88 t it ton cv 3' +s87 
I OC kb c.v 4 ’ is 92 
Loews **9*93 
M GIC c/E.93 
Marcor *’$stt 
Mc Cror 7*a>95 
Mc DD CV4H91 
Mel In NI 5 95*99 
M KT inc S' >J3t 
MOP* 4 U * 2oo5 
M ofac 5*2o45! 
MonkD CVS' >94 
NCashR CV6*95 
82 
87H 
NDisr Cv4* A1 
5o IOO vjN YN M 4’.2Jf l l 
V t 
O cckJP c v 7’ t 9 * 
PAACV 4' .*84 
PA ACV 4> * 8 * 
Pnnnzl cv5’ .9 * 
Pfizer Cv4*9? 
RCA rv 4'$s92 
R*pidAm 8*88 
ReyM cv4' /$91 
Rock In CV4U 91 
I L SF 5*2oo*1 
SFelnl c v *' .o1 e 

 arsR 4+45*3 atmL cv**94 
SEH lr c v*Us*6 
SoCalE c v lH ® 
StO'im *4os8* 
Steven cv 4* 9o 
StOrer Cv4’ .SE* feted/ KAM 
Tenf p cv*U92 
TVA *o9.99 
T execs TH 2oo1 
TWA *’9*78f 
UVInd > vS+8*3 
UnPat 8H . 85 
U A .rI. CV* ,97 
Un Mr ch eve* 9o 
USSteei 4H wi 
Un Tee CV*’.* ) 
WUCp CV5U97 
WestuRI 8Ha95 
W hilcn CVS’ .92 
WOmet CVS j 94 
Xerox cv*k95 

4*’9 
*7H 
47 J. 
*8 
42*9 to 
72 f l H 72 
+ H 
I I H 
U H l l ' J 9 H 

IM '. 1o7 * l?S'9 
+* 
2) 
4 4 '. 
4*' , 
4 6 ''I 
2o IOO' . IOO', IOO' i + 
9* 
97H 
97 
97 
5 
IOO 
IOO 
IOO 
IO 
Io5H 1o5H 1o5H 
5o 53 
S IH 
57+4 + 
17 
Bl 
82H 
87H 
IO S* 
SS' v 
54 
IO 
W H 
BOH 
4o ASH 
45 
4o 
96' v 
95’ x 9* 
74'/ 7439- »4 
1o.U ,o2 
* +. 

 sa*» s r . 
43', 
45 U 
94H 95 
♦ V. 
49* . 49V. ♦ JH 
79H 8o 
- U 
IS H 84 
+1” . 

 official 
At th* learned 
(’ooper, 

■ 

SH 4 H r>+ >. 

I IM 

45 loon 
I 
7*8* 
„ 
I I 
IS 
14 
14 1o2’ , 1o7 
1o '77 
177 
147 
+ >. 
I 1o4'. 1o4'9 lf* > 
11 i i i 
41 IM H a u h i i 
5 1o7 
1o/ 
17 
* !’ » 
*1 
4 
54 H 
54H 
W 
74H 
74H 
* 
I t 
1% 
BJ 

_ . m arket ra w 4+9 high, J low. I clote 
Dealer‘5 com merci A paper IO 18o dey* 
4 U 4 +4 
Com m ercia paper pieced by finance 
IO 27o days 4t* 4*8 company 
Bankers acceptance r#tee dealer days 44(54 *o st tv , catan*. I O * days 4*5 4*o 
«oR* days 
45 4 6o 
9o,19 day*. 
4 *6 4 4o 
12o 17* ays 4 7o 4*5 
HO TTO day*, 4 TO 4 ES 
» » ». B 5* day* 
4 '. 
9o I W d aj» 

 die atian*. 
4*5/ ' 

"Vef-i ticate* of depo*' 
4H t o t 9 day*. 4H 4*. 
4H 
ITO 179 d a rt, A r.A tt. 
4*9 5 
Tater ate money market down 
OI from Thursday up week 
Eurodollar rataa. overnight month 4+9 5, I months 5 5 9. 
S U . I year 5* 1*511 W 

In 

4'U 
A Y dev* 

* 5 4 the 

2’ 4 2 ‘ t , 
I 
* month* 
•BV' 

Weekly G roup Averages 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) — The following 
IHI give* the weokly average not ch*. w4 tor the common SHck* traded lh 
Aeroapece Aircraft 
Air Transport ...................... 
Auto. Truck 
Auto P a rti E Aeration#* 
Benkt. Saving* A Loan 
Beverage Soft Drink* 
.... 
Dubbing 
■w ag. I 
SSL nm unk 

C enlfH W S. Packaging 
^ . ‘rcn 'Sr^ Jr! 
Fmence 
............. 

•cation 
'•tea, Dtversifiad 
. Fee 

Product. 

Food*. Commodities food M irk e H E 
Gold, Stiver 
Hotew, Motel*. Tourism 
Mouse Furnishings insurance investment companias 
Machine Teals E Accessor ies 

 rn* 

+ H 
♦ V» 
A +8 
+ I+* 
+ Mi 
+ H 
+ *9 
♦ rn 
+ H 

*1 
U H * v 
74%+ 14 
7* 
*1 i u i ’/b- • 
1o4 
^ 
M 
+ » 
25 1o18* 1o!V| 1ol'/|+ >, i i ’’ la a 

M etaU 

Pitllburgri scrap wa* quoted F ria */ by 
N E W y 6 r k (A P ) 
•J«ei No 
I heavy wa* iron Age at $24 OS 7$ OC 

LONDON ( A P ) - 
Closing m etals if 
Bounds sterling par metric tat seat 
Futures 

79$ JR 
Omao 
199 5o 

 lead 
Zinc 

573o oo 574o OO 
5 
294 SO 
29*oo 
IM SR 
1*9oo 

I cating s m atin sport E 
Metal* 

U K ) 
1 rasing 

Machinery 
M al*! Fefer 
M n mg ’nor 
Motor I tanager 
Non terr ou* Ma 
Office Eeuipmant E Service* 
Paper. P u l p ....... 
Petroleum 
Photo Products E Service* 
Preciser 
P r tnttng , 

OCK*ct 
1 inftruments. Watch#* 
Publish Mfg 
Ran Equ *ment 
H .ira e o * 
Reel Estai* 
Recreation Lfteuro 

I^Utilitiss 

♦ H 
+ 8. 
+ U 
A Ie 
+ ‘ 4 
♦ J* 
A l l e l 
♦ % 
♦ % 
A l 
A 8* 
+ 8b 

Marketplace! 

G A U T R I C K S 
4 Wheel Drive, Skirl Ic 
I ai BX W h e e l B a n e V a a d u r a s 
It SabariiBBs 
T I N D A L L I i S O N 
P e a tU c , O M C 

I , * De S ta r IJ v e s to c k 
( e m m is h lg n C f . 

N e s t s a le T h i r i l i y , J a n , fcth i t 11 a m . 

W e w is h e v e r y o n e a H a p p y 

N e w Y e a r 

O w n e r s : 
F r a n k 
H e lv e y - 

R u d d y t i m i l 

 r n i m 

 that Richard N a Vale economist, has agrood to serve as under secretary for econo­ mic affairs, the No. 3 job in the state department. 
Cooper, a well-known in­ ternational economist, was also the choice of W. M i­ chael Blumenthal, secre­ tary of the Treasury-desig­ nate, for a high job there, but chose to return lo state where he had been a deputy assistant secretary for in­ ternational monetary af­ fairs in the .Johnson ad- hiinistration. 
Confirmed 
Aides to Cyrus R. Vance, the secretary of state-de­ signate, confirmed Chris­ topher’s appointment as deputy secretary, after Ca­ lifornia Gov. Jerry Brown made an unauthorized dis­ closure that pre-empted the formal announcement by the Carter camp. 
Vance personally t hose 
Christopher, a 51-year-old ormcr deputy attorney general in the last years of the Johnson administra­ tion, 
It was common know­ ledge around the state de­ partment in recent weeks that Christopher would re­ place Charles W Robinson, who leaves office on Jan. 241 along with Secretary of 
State Henry A. Kissinger and many other top offi­ cials. 
Christopher has had many traits in common with Vance. They worked together in 1987 when 
Vance was a special repre­ sentative for President 
Lyndon B. .Johnson and 
Christopher was deputy at­ torney general, to put down 

I Hit cv /terminally chosv (hristo filter * a 
.> /-yen r-tiltl 
/tinner deputy ut- turney general 

 the riots in Detroit. 
When 
Christopher, a partner in the law firm of 
O’Melveny & Meyers, was president of the 
Los 
Angeles County bar asso­ ciation in 1974-75, Vance held a similar position as head of the New York bar. 
Little* 
Christopher, who will take over much of the ad­ ministration of the depart­ ment from Vance, has had little foreign policy exper­ ience. 
In the early l9Hos, he was selected by George 
VV. 
Ball, the undersecretary of 
State, to take charge of cotton textile negotiations and later wool textile* nego­ tiations. 
During that period he had his first introduction to the state department. 
The most controversial* aspect of Christopher s time in the Johnson ad­ ministration was his in­ volvement in the Army's program to put thousands of 
American civilians under surveillance to pre­ bill other riots iii citn s. christopher was repor­ tedly involved in drawing up the plan that only be­ came known in the 1979s 
Christopher was one of the first choices to become the 
Watergate special prosecutor in 1973 but turned down the job. 

T 
Kxprets-Howe 

M E B C H A N D IS E 
MAUT 

C a ll 
225-1666 

S M I R a y " C h a r g e I t " 

Pick m ade for 
Justice slot 

WASHINGTON (AP) — President-elect Carter and his designated attorney general, Griffin B Bell, have selected federal appeals court judge Wade IL Met rec as solicitor general, sources close to Carter said Friday. 
However, it was not known whether McCree has agreed to leave hts tenured judgeship to accept the appointment 
McCree, 56, has served for IO years on the U.&. Hill 
Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati and previously was a federal judge for five years in Detroit. He is one of only two black federal appeals judges 
McCree’s appointment might blunt some of the cri* 
Deisms voiced by civil rights activists over Carter’s choice of Bell, who has served on the 5th Circuit (burt of Appeals in Atlanta for 15 years. 
Bell has Ihmmi criticized by civil rights groups for some of his judicial decisions, including a 1966 ruling that upheld the Georgia House of Representative's refusal to seat black activist Julian Bond. The U.S. Supreme (burt latf*r unanimously reversed that ruling 
Bell also has been criticized for endorsing fellow judge 
G, Harrold Carswell for the .Supreme Court in 197o, and tor hi^ membership in private Atlanta clubs that exclude blacks and Jews. Bell has said he is resigning from the clubs 
The solicitor general represents the Coiled States in cases before the Supreme Court. The post is the number three job in the Justice Department, below the attorney general and his deputy. 
McCree served with Bell in the late ISHO*, on the Judicial 
Center Board in Washington, 

The POWER of FAITH 
BY 
. W OODI ISHMAEL 
RELIGION 

Saturday January I I 9 7 7 

PARKHILlS 
SUNSET RIDGE 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 
BAPTIST 
MOU ion Pedro Ave 
Dr john Barbee. Pastor 
Sid W 
Millegon. Education 
Lloyd G arcia, Choir Master 
? IO A M. Sundov School 
1o 3o A M . W ORSHIP SERVICE 
5: 45 P M . CH R ISTIA N TR A IN IN G 
6 45 P M. E V E N IN G SERVIC E 
7 3o P M W E D N E S D A Y P R A Y E R 
SERVIC E 
Supervised nursery ot cill services 

B a p tis t l i b ! « 

 f il lo w s h i p 

GRACE BAPTIST 
TEMPLE 
1928 Basse Rd 
(Northside) 
Phone 
737 6323—65$ 6533 
W n 
E 
Fortson, Pastor 
Sundov School—9:45 a rn, Morninq 
Worship IO 45; Truintnq Union 6.oo p m 
Evening Evangelistic Service 
6 3o p rn 
Church Nursery open every Ser rs p ipecioi welcome extended lo weekend visitors and newcomers lo the < tty 

World Bop ti st fellowship 

HUISACHE AVENUE 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
1 339 w 
Huisache Ave. 
Dr 
Cloud J 
Bonum. Pastor 
Rev 
Cloud J 
Bonom. Jr 
Associate Pastor 
Young Peoole s Leader 
Choir Director 
Rev 
Fred Bonam. 
Associate Pastor, 
Young Adult Teacher 
Sundov Services — All Bible Sun dov School IO OO o rn. 
Worship Service 11 OO a rn 
Adult s ynunq People s and Chil dr en s Meeting is JO p rn 
I veiling Ser vice H O p m 
Wednesday- P i aver 
Service 
7 JO o in 
45 Years in San Antonio 

Tune in Dr 
Claud J 
Bonom on 
K O R Y ra d io , 111o on you r d ial 
Monday thru 
Saturday 
7 3o 7 45 a rn. 

Brees ot Em poria 
Telephone 824 4568 
Minister 
Roy F Osborne 
Billie Classes — 9 .1 5 a m Worship 
Services — IO 3o a rn ond 6 OO P rn 
Wednesdov Bible Classes — IO a rn and 7 IO P m 
Attended nursery for all services 

M 
S 
S 
U 
H f l i 
NHY urn 1 

875o Fourwmds Dr 
IM 3$ at Loop 41o 
••Inter Denominational 
Congregation of Believers ‘ 
Postor A L LE N RA ND OLPH 
Worship 
8 15 A M . 
Bible f ellowship 
. 9 45 A M 
Worship . 
. IO 5o A M. 
Body Life Service 
6 OO P M. 
Wednesday 
Charismatic Teaching 
7 3o P M 
T hursdav 
Home M inistries 
7 IO P M. 
Nursery for git services 

ASCENSION 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

Vernon B rietkruett, Psior 
1o6o Donaldson Ave 
(IO blocks west of 
Fredericksburg Road) 
Sunday Schedule 
Sunday School. 9 3o a m 
Worship Service. IO 3o A M 
Holy Communion first Sundav each month 
Come and worship with us 

CHRIST LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

67o2 Broadway in Alamo Hots 
The Rev 
Arthur E. Rode 
The Rev 
Harold Moench, 
Pastors firs t Serfice—8:oo a m 
Sunday. 
Sundav School—9. 15 o rn 
Second Service —IO 3o a m 

CONCORDIA 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

1826 Basse Rood 
Dr. Guido M erkens 
Senior Pastor 
Rev. Norman Abbott. Vst Pistor 
Rev. Theodore Gra-jlmonn Assi 
SUNDAY SC HEDULE 
A M 
9 OO f irsl service 
1o OO Sundav School, all ages 
11 OO Second Service 
P M 
7 OO I hird Servit e 
7 OO Sundov School, aaes 3 I? 
8 OO Singles open house 
N U R S E R * P R O V ID E D 

 r n 

T H E B IB L E 

N o . 2 7 2 . A N e w 
B e g i n n i n g 

REVIVAL TEMPLE 
131o Texas Avenue john M Bell Pastor 
M O Beadles. Assistant 
Sundav School, 9:45 a rn. 
Morning Worship, IO 45 a rn. 

Pre service prover, 6 3o p rn. 
Evening W orship, 7.oo P M 
Wednesdov Prover K Bible Study al 
7 OO pm . 

Charismatic Baptist 

CALVARY CHAPEL 
11o7 W 
Hildebrand 
F 
Goode Foster-Pastor 
Sundav School-1 o A M 
Worship ll A M 
Sundav E v e -- / P M 
Wed 
Eve — 7 IO P M 

A lth o u g h m o s t o f E z e k ie l’s p r o p h e c ie s p r o c la im e d th e d e s tr u c tio n a n d p u n is h m e n t m e te d o J4 by 

 th e w ra th o f G o d , th e r e c o r d o f h is v is io n s c o n c lu d e s o n a t r iu m p h a n tly g lo r io u s n o te . E z e k ie l, 

 h a v in g b e e n b r o u g h t to t h e p in n a c le o f a v e ry h ig h m o u n ta in , w a s tre a te d to a v is io n o f th e N e w 
J e r u s a le m . 

In th is v is io n , h e w itn e s s e d a m y s te r io u s m a n g o in g a o o u t w ith a lin e o f fla x in h is h a n d , m e a s u rin g 

 in e x a c t d e ta il th e d im e n s io n s o f e a c h o f th e g lo r io u s ro o m s . E z e k ie l w a s th e n c o m m a n d e d to Nursery Provided 

 d e c la r e to th e c h ild r e n o f Is ra e l a ll th a t h e h a d s e e n , a n d to p r o c la im th e fo r th c o m in g r e ju v e n a tio n o f 
Is ra e l 

‘T h o u s o n o f m a n , s h e w th e h o u s e to th e h o u s e o f Is ra e l, th a t th e y m a y b e a s h a m e d o f th e ir 

 in iq u itie s , a n d le t th e m m e a s u re th e p a tte r n A n d if th e y b e a s h a m e d o f a ll th a t th e y h a v e d o n e , s h e w 

 th e m th e fo rm o f th e h o u s e , a n d th e fa s h io n t h e r e o f , . . . a n d a ll th e la w s th e r e o f; a n d w rite it in th e ir 

 s ig h t, th a t t h e y m a y k e e p th e w h o le fo r m th e r e o f, a n d a ll th e o r d in a n c e s th e r e o f, a n d d o th e m ." 
( E z e k ie l 4 3 1 o -1 1 ) 

A S p e c i a l 

I n v i t a t i o n 

T o A t t e n d 
Church From 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 
Loop 13— I n-.lf 
North O' Highboy 9 I t o t IIM 
Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza Finance Co. 
<1 
S f for C'S St 

Bexar County 
National Bank 
Member k m c 

JtII-Craft Punch Poses 
Von. dot *tire<1 bv Bb’ 
Bonne! o*Q*a Cb't> c oo1 pon v 

Assembly 

Castle Hills 
ASSEMBLY 
I i i Rondo 
( I ' I M itel W N I ot Central Pork 
Moll on Loop 4 tot 
342 4279 
Po*tor John Maace 
Sundov School 
9 IO A M 
Morning Worship 
IO IO A M 
Evening Worship 
6 OO P M 
TU ESD AY 

 r ity W ide B 'bte Study & youth Servk »■ 
7 o 
P M 
Nursery provided O* OH service1, 
'Th * Church You ve Been Looking 
F ■ 

Assembly of God 

FIRST ASSEMBLY 
OF G O D 
• 3o i k M ilitary Or 
(Between Roosevelt ond Flores) 
Rev Day Robison Pastor 
Phone 972 7S6I-9 2 4 1587 
S U N D A Y 
S E R V IC E 
S u nday 
Sr hoot - 9 45 a lh 
Worship — IO 45 o m Junior Church Services in Au. diary Auditorium tor Children of oil 
Odes — IO 45 a rn Youth Meetings - 
6 OO a in 
I v a n g flis lir 
Her vie es — 7 OO p rn 
WL DNL SDA Y 
Deeper f i e H r e 
Services — 7 JO p rn Attended Nor series Operate OH services 

OAK MEADOW 
ASSEMBLY OF G O D 
2714 Hunters Green 
( N W S A I 
Phone 497 2311 
Rev 
Jock Robe*tson Pastor 
Sundav Services 
Sunday School 
9 4 a rn 
Morning Worship io a rn 
, 
P n a*e 
R ally— 
7 OO p m 
Wen 
Fam ily night J JO p rn 
N U RS ERY P R O V ID E D FOR ALL 
SERVICES 
A CH UR CH OF D E S T IN Y 

GLAD TIDINGS 
ASSEMBLY OF G O D 
3143 So 
*v w 
White Rd 
(Lgop 13 jam es H 
Brothers. Paster 
Wayne VPU, Assistant Paster 
Sunday 
Services 
Sunday 
School 
9 45 a rn to 
I? OO noon 
New 
Concept in 
C hristian 
Education 
Morning Worship IO 5o a m 
Youth 
Service 6 OO p m 
E vangelistic 
Service 7 OO p m 
Wednesday Set vice 
Bible Study, 7 3o p m 
Royal 
Rangers a na Missioned* / M o m 
Nursery attendant on duty at each 
*ervice 
Day Core and Kindergarten 
1o tost growing spiritual church with o vision 

PRIMITIVE BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
4o5 Wolton Ave. 
Meets Isl 2nd and 4th SundOV5 Ot 
IO 3o A M. 
For inform ation coll 661 7o58 otter 
6 OO P 7/ 

Southern Baptist 

CASTLE HILLS FIRST 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
227o N W M ilitary Hwy 
Bianco exit oft Loop 41o 
Proclaim ing the 
Abundant Lite in Christ ' 
Dr George H Horns, Postor 
James H Ennis. 
A soc io te P a s to r 
Malcolm A Grainger. 
Minister O' Music 
Don w Carter 
M oister OI Y o u th 
LO R Human k 'hid t v anoehst 
Jo y Brown. 
Minister to P r e School ana Children 
M in is te r to Se n io r A d u lts 
Helen C o d e , 
C h u r r h V is ito r 
S u n d a y S ch o o ls <9< Kl - l l OO a rn 1 
Moi luny W o rs h ip Services (9 JO 4 
11 ()" a rn 
I v e ilin g W o rs h ip S er vie e I ’ OO p rn 
< hr I-,lu lu I r a fflin g H o u r '6 OO P rn I 
Wednesday 
P r o v e r 
Service 
(7 IS 
P lh I 
N o r s r i v o p e n to r oh ser vie es 
CRESTVIEW BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
W altem at Eoglecresl—655 7451 
( I Mile East of Roosevelt 
High School) 
Larry t 
JONES. Pastor 
SAM M OORE. Music Director 
9 45 a rn 
Bible S tu d y fo r o il a g e s 
11 OO o rn 
W o rs h ip S e rv ic e 
6 OO p rn 
S u n d o v n ig h t P la c e 
7 OO p m 
E v e n in g W o rs h ip S e rv ic e 
I OO p rn 
W eanesdoy P ro ve r 
Ser vice 
N u rs ery open to r o h services 
VisHoi* welcome 
Come Grow With Us 

EISENHAUER ROAD 
BAPTIST 
195o E is e n h o tie r R o o d 
R a n I cite m e n d !-, Pastor 
Phil J e w e tt, M in is te r of M u s ic and 
Y o u th 

— AP N e w s fe a tu r e s ---------- 

FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
SIS McCullough 
•‘Only Minutes Away bv Expressway 
Or Jimmy R Allen Postor 
Sundav Services 
9 JO a rn Sunday School ll W o o Morning Weir ship 
6 OO p rn Church I raining 
7 o5 p rn t vening Worship 
7 15 p m 
W ednesday m id week s e rv ic e (B ro a d c a s t over i c k y * 
Radio and k SAT (Channel 17. ll OO a rn Sundav) 

NORTHEAST 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
793o Bitters R o ad-824 7235 
W H 
Long—Postor 
Rex Shannon—Education 
Chit Harden—M u sic/Youth 
Su n d a y SCH( DUL f 
9 lo a m Bible Study 1 ah ages) 
1o so a rn Woryfnp 
J IO p rn Youth (. h on 
6 o o p m Christian training 
6 OO p rn I Irmnntcji y C havr s 
7 IX) p in (. vem nq Weir ship 
W EDNESDAY SC HE DUL I 
6 1 kl p in Missionary Oraani/at'C-ns 
7 SO o rn M id W eek S ervice 
8 in p rn A d u lt C n o ir 
NU RSF RY O PEN a l l St R vie ES 
W E E K D A Y 
K IN D E R G A R TE N 
PR G G RAM 

NORTHRIDGE PARK 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
Chevy Chase and Eisenhauer Rd 
TA4 o539 jam es M 
Reid 
Poster 
9 JO O rh 
Sunda y 
Sc hoot 
O'! 

 a rn 
Me­ 

 ns Church 1 q Worsh P rn 
W rdni , 

 lay to- 

1 g - 6 CO p 

.lam ing 
C hurch v e n in g 

Wean* 
W o rs h ip — 7 OO p 
O r d an ii a t'O n *-. 8 JC d o v . 
M id W e e k 
P r a y e r 
Service—7 15 o rn , Graded Choir*. 
K in d e rg a rte n . Bus M in is try 
N u t scry p ro u d e d 

LACKLAND BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
2/i» Frontier Or 
674 77o7 
Jam es O 
Todd, Pastor 
Stephen H e ath er, 
Minister of Education 
J im m y Murdock. 
M u s k A Y g tth D ire c to r 
Sunday Services 
9 JO o m F irs t W orship S ervice 
» JO o m S unday School 
Second Wrests ip Service 
Youth Choir 
5 45 a m C hurch tr a in in g 
7 o o p rn Evening Wor*mp Ser vice 
Wednesday Services 
6 nj p m t e a c h e r s * a O ffic er 
M u tin g Af teens 
G irls in Action 
R s A Pre Sc hoot, Choir 
7 3o p m 
M dWee 

SHEARER HILLS 
BAPTIST 

OI: 

Over 
*ce 

EASTSIDE PRIMITIVE 
BAPTIST CHURCH 

12o6 W Hem Rd 
Phone IJJ 26JU 
Poster Eider iD r ) J 
P 
Dole it. 
Services 
/no Sundov IO JO A M 
4rn Sunoay IO JO A M 
Visiting Minister on 2nd SQI 7 p m 
E ider Hugh L M ontgom ery, Dem aa sd-. Tea 

8 JO p m 
Sanctumv 
Choir 
Rehearsal 
(NURSE RY O PEN FOR 
ALL SE R V IC ES! 
G R A D E D C H O IR S (S e p te m b e r through A p ril) 
Tuesday—J oo-4 OO p m , 
(Grades 
3 4 5) 
Wednesdov—3 OO 3 45 p m (Grades 
12) 

MANOR BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

Manor Or et Meredith 
(2 blocks west of 
Jefferson High School) 
Dr Nathan L Stone, 
Paster 
Dr Pron!#** Ferrell 
Associate Pester/ 
Christian Education 
Mr Lee Merest), 
Minister et M u sk 

M iss Diane Hart, 
Minister el Youth A Recreation 

9 IO a rn Sunday School 
1o SO a rn 
M o rn in g w o rsh ip 
Aer man by Postor 
Nathan L 
Stone 
• Today . , . Tomorrow •* 

6 e m F verona Worship 
Sermon by Postor Nathan L Stone. 
•'Speaking of Romans " r p m Wednesday Service 
Supervised nursery ta att services. 

CHURCH 
8o2 OBLATE 
Charles J 
Wisdom. 
Pastor 
PhHhp Sitton 
Minister of Music and Administration 
SUNDAY 
9 JO Bible Study 
IO 43 Morning Worship 
A OO M em bers rn Training 
7 f)o Evening Worship 
WE ONE SOAT 
7 is M idw eek W orship S e rv ice, 
M ission A u x ilia rie s ; YouOh Bible 
Study Groups 
8 15 Sanctuary Cheir Rehearsal 

TRINITY BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
JIT E 
M ulberry 
Dr 
Buckner Fanning, Pastor 
Rev 
R F 
(Bob) Widomait, 
Associate Pastor 
Rev 
Tommy Lyons. 
Minister or Music 
Rey 
Don McLendon. 
Minister ot Education 
Rev 
Denny M urray. 
Minister of Youth 
Mr 
Ben Freem an. 
Minister of Activities 
M rs Sandra Rester, Director of 
Saecial Outreach Ministries 
Mrs Dorton* Regers, 
P re School Director 
M r 
JMT 
Fortner, 
Business Administrator 
S U N D A Y 
9 JO a m 
— 
Sunday 
S ch o o l, 
11 OO a rn 
— 
W o rs h ip 
S erv ice 
6 OO p rn 
— 
Christian 
E ducation; 
7 OO p rn 
— 
W orship 
S ervice 
W ED NESDA Y 6 1 5 p m - Prover 
S ervice 7 15 p m — C h a ir P ra c tic e 
A ttended nurseries open for on services 

UNIVERSITY PARK 
BAPTIST CHURCH 
2 J M ,Cincinnati at Bandera trend 
(I bleck east at 
Gen 
M cMullen Or ive t 
James McKee, Poster 
Terry W 
Wilkins 
Minister et Music A Youth 
SUNOAY it) A M 
War Ship Service 
43 A M 
Sunoay 5< f’OU 
OO A M 
War sh ie Service 
•o P M Choc ch fra m in g 
4o P M 
Warship Service 
WE ONE SDA Y 
W P M Prover Service aer garten for 
4 A 5 vr o* 
«ervised nursery tutee tor 

ChrisTltn Church 
Disciples cf cChrisYl •.» 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
CHRISTIAN CHURCH 
64oo Block N 
New Braunfels 
828 5728 
Rev 
E arl R 
Kissee 
Minister 
Parker fc 
Cross 
Associate Minister 
8 in a rn 
W-rshiD Service v 45 a m Church School in SO o rn 
W o rs h ip S e r v ic e 
12 OO 
Noon - Fellowship t o rn Youth M eetings 
E needers! Nursery Ample parking 
CENTRAL CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
Mom Avenue off Romano P lata 
227 5273 
Ministers 
Dr 
Thomos Youngblood 
Rovce E 
Makin 
Church School 
9 45 a rn 
W orship lf) 43 o m 
Fam ily programs 
o p rn 
N u rs e ry a v a ila b le 
A Friendly wel­ come awaits you Plenty cit parking 

C O M M U N IS 
CHRISTIAN CHURCH 

(Disciples of Christ) 
C M URCH SCHOOL 9 45 A M 
W ORSHIP ll .UU A M 
(N u rs e ry P ro vid e d ! 
L ive Oak 
E le m e n ta ry School OW 
Spanish Tr K Welcome O' 
Clean E. 
Wooers. 
Minister 
Office Phone 654 6666 
W O O D LA W N 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
(Disciples of Christ) 
West Gram ercy at Elm endorf 
(across from Woodlawn Clr ) 
)79o Fredericksburg Rd 
Rev 
8 L 
Brown 
Senior Minister 
Sunday S e rv ic e 
C h u rrh School 
9 to Morninq worship IO 46 
Sermon 
Subject 
‘-M anward and 
G odw ord1 
E . i n m g Y o u th G ro u p 6 Od P rn 
C mid ror'p during m orning sen vice 
Am ple fo rk in g a frie n d ly welcome awaits you 

* 
( b a s t i o n S c i e n c e , 

SUBJECT OF LESSON 

' God 

FIRST CHURCH 
5o1 North Aloma 
S u n g o v 
S e r v i c e 
9 J o i e 
o ll OO 17 OO 
Sunday Sc hon! 11 Q() 
W e d n e s d a y E v e n i n g M e e t in g $ (,3 
SECOND CHURCH 
MaqnoiiO ond Belknap 
Sunday Si ^ vice H OO 
S u n d a e S ch o o l 11 OO 
Wednesday Evening Meehng 8 OO 
THIRD CHURCH 
77oo S 
New Braunfels 
Sunday Service ll OO 
S ndov School l l OO 
Wednesdov Evening Meeting 7 (JO 
FIRST CHURCH 
(ALAMO HEIGHTS) 
1o4 CLOVER LE A F 
' 
Sunday Service ll OO 
S m o v School l l OO 
Wednesday E vening Meeting 2 fg 
R E A D IN G ROOMS 
32* N 
St M ary s 
Colonies North Molt im to a w uribocn Rd 
77oo S 
New Braunfels soil Broadway 

CHRISTCHURCH 
Belknap at West Russell 
Sandfly 
8 OO a rn Holy Communion 
9 OO a rn. Fam ily Service and Sun­ dav School 
1 1 :o o a m Morning Worship 
(1st ond 
3rd 
Sundays—Holy 
Communion I 
Jilfeiaay 
$ OO p m 
H jlv C om m union and 
Heeling Service 
Ih u rsd cy 
1o:oo a.rn Holy Communion 
The 
Rev 
John 
H 
MacNauqhton 
Rector 
The Rev Hooter Tomlin 
The Rev Melvin Orgy 
The Rev. Samuel Todd. Jr. 
Associate Rectors 
The Rov Samuel O rr Copers, D D 
Rector Em eritus 

NORTHEAST 
THE CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 

S ta rk e s t at Barnngton in M arvm ont 

8 OO a rn 
Moly Communion 
IO 3o a m Morning Worship Nursery and 
Sundov School 
Rev 
Jeu- L 
Brown 
Rector — Tcl 
655 2731 or 824 22IO. 

CHURCH OF 
ST. STEPHEN 
SOUTHEAST 

CHURCH OF 
ST S T E P H E N 
SOUTHEAST 
J726 S New Braunfels at IH 37 
4 Minutes from Downtown 
Phone 534-54o9 
The Rev Charles H Berry Jr , 
Rector 
SUNDAY 
B o m Moly Communion 
IO a rn. E u ch aris t Church School classes, nursery 
TU ESD AY: J JO o rn 
Eucharist Healing 
W ED N ES D A Y 
IO a rn 
Ho'v 
Communion 

ST. GEORGE 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH 
6«o4 West Avenue at M ilitary Hwy 
Tin- R e v 
R Randolph Cooper 
Rector i 
Church Phone 
J47 4761 
Oov School Phone 347 1763 
S U N D A Y 
W orship S ervice 9 OO 
A M fonduy Sc hool IO IS A M Woe ship S e rv ile ll OO A M P ray er & 
Pro - e 7 JO P M 

W ED NES DA Y, Mooting S ir vice 7 3o 
P M 
THURSDAY 
Holy Communion 6 
o 

SATURDAY 
A 7,6 Bd I* St 

ST. LUKE S 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH rn Alamo Height-, 
The Rev 
David P 
Com v o w Jr 
Rector 
The Rev 
Christopher 
Jones. Jr 
Day School Headm aster 
The Rev 
Douglas E 
Thomos 
Assistant 
The Rev 
C 
Jet! Kraem er 
Assistant 
The Rev 
James k 
Alcorn 
Assistant 
Lu' -tov 
Servu es 
7 4 
9 OO onfl 
11 i ii a m a nd 6 OO o rn 
Adult and Youth classes 9 ai a rn 

ST. MARK S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 

 d o w n t o w n 

3o/ Eosi Pecon at Travis Park 
Phone 
724 2474 
The Rev Stanley f Houser Rector 
The Rev John C Bali, Jr 
The Rev C Don Bough 
The Rev. John R Roen 
The Rf Rev. J Wilson Hunter 
The Rev Edna M Dreir 
Sunday 
8 OO a rn Holy Com 

KING OF KINGS 
LUTHERAN CHURCH, 
LCMS 

13888 Dreomwood 
Telephone 656-65o8 
Henry H 
Star, pastor 
M S 
Ed ; M 
Dry 
Sundov School and Bible Class 9 15 a rn 
Worship IO 3o a rn 
Communion on first and third 
Sundays 

HOPE LUTHERAN 
CHURCH (ALC) 

5714 Callaghan Rd 
(J blocks south of Loop 4to) 
433 7475 - 435 97o1 
Rev. Robert P 
Thronson 
Rev 
Deimos L 
Luedke 
Worship Services 8 IS 6 IO 45 a m 
Adult Class and Sundov School 9 JO 
O rn 
Nursery provided for both Worship 
Servit es 
Holy Communion — First Sunday 
Ona Third Sundav 

MacARTHUR PARK 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 
■ The Home-Like Church' 
79o3 Nacogdoches Rd 
(7 buts 
No of LOOP 41o) 
Ph 
824 7115 
PASTOR G W SCHWANE N BER G 
ASSOC PASTOR C ZIM M E R M A N 

Sunday Worship 8 XI A ll O f 
Synodv School 
9 3o a rn 
(for an egis i 
(Nursery provided Cid J hours) 
M ilitary 
Pe' sonnet especially r learnt- 

MT. CALVARY 
EVANGELICAL 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

(Missouri Svnod) 
3o8 Mount Calvary Drive 
8218748 
Albert J 
Loeschman Pastor 
SUNDAY 
First Service 8 3o A M 
Sunday School cmd Bible 
C la , 9 45 A M 
Worship Second Service ll A M 

ST. JOHN S 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

COLONIAL HILLS 
UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

5247 Vonce Jackson Rd 
(North of Loao 41o) 
349 24o1 
Rev 
William M 
Easum. Pastor 
9 45 a m 
Church School 
8 45 a m ond ll a m 
Morning 
Worship 
6 3o p m 
U-M Y F, 
Program 
8, 
Supper 
Tues 
7 IO p rn 
Bible Study 
6 OO p m 
Wed 
Youth Choir 
Call 696 5oo2 for inform ation N u r­ sery tor an activities 

LA TRINIDAD UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

3oo San Fernando at Pecos 
Phone 227 o546; 734 9492 
PASTOR 
R F V A T E D GROUT 

9..3o 
A CW escudo 
Dominical en ingles v espanol para toaas las edodes, (Sundav School in English ond Spanish tor all ages ) 
IO 5o A M 
C U E TO 
D E 
A D O R ­ 
A T IO N : D is tric t S u p e rin te n d e n t 
Simon N ieto 
5:3o 
P .M . 
(["studios 
B ib iie o s , 
Jovenes (Bible Studies in English for the Youth group) 
6 OO P M Reunion de O r coos 
7:oo 
P.M. 
CUETO 
V E S P E R TIN O 
E V A N G E L IS T IC 

M idw eek P rover Services 
Thurs­ day of 7 3o d m 

LAUREL HEIGHTS 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 
227 West Woodlawn at Belknap 
733-7156 
Ministers 
Rev Charles L Giesler 
Rev. Albert E Loudon 
Rev Robert E Parsons 
Henry Holloway. 
Director of Music 
John C. Schmidt, Organist 

Worship Services 8 3o and IO: 5o a rn 
Reverend 
Charles 
L 
Giesler 
Preaching 

ST.JOHN'S 
UNITED AAETHODIST 
CHURCH 
Northwest San Antonio, 
111 Cloudcroft at Bandera Rd 
Telephone 433 7639 
Rev 
Albert M erubio. Pastor 

Church School dosses for oil ages, 
9:3o a rn 
Morning Worship Service IO: 5o a rn 
Fellowship & Cottee following in the 
Blue Room. No youth activities 

You orc cordially invited to worship w ith us 
N U R S E R Y P R O V ID E D 
FOR ALL SERVICES 

5o2 E 
Nuevo St 
San Antonio- Texas 787o5 
DOWN I OWN — block we st 
MtpmisF air 
Redid E 
Brouille*. Arthur Holm and 
Norman H Albertson. Pastors 
SU ND AY, January 2, 1977 
Communion Services 8 OO & IO 45 
A M. Sunday School 9 3o A M 
W EDNESDAY jan u ary s 1977 
ChoDd 
Communion 
Servic 
P M 

 of 

6 3o 

TRAVIS PARK 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 
73o E 
Travis St 
Phone 
726 8341 
M IN IS TE R 
Or Ralph H Seller 
You arc welcome lo san Antonio s 
Great downtown Methodist Church located in the heart of the city tor ITO years Only m inutes aw ay bv E * pressw avs and F R E E P A R K IN G 
OC toss the street 
WORSHIP SE RV IC ES at IO 5o a rn and 7;OO p rn 
Service of Holv Communion — M edi­ tation bv Dr. Ralph H Seder. 
9 3o a rn — Church School Classes for all ages 
5 OO p rn — Youth Activities Begin 
/ OO p rn — Evening Worship — I he 
Rev Sid Spam, preaching 

W O O D LA W N UNITED 
METHODIST CHURCH 

17o1 West Woodlawn Ave 
Senior Pastor 
Rev. Paul A Grout Q 
Associate 
Pastor 
D r 
Elm er 
J. 
H ierholier to v P a s to ra l V is ito rs M r. Bob 
Hasbrook, M r. Carroll Sigmon 
SUNDAY CL r v k e s 
Churro St hoot—v "-'J O '" 
M O R N IN G W ORSHIP Service IO SO a rn. 
Hi . Com rn un-on Served F .'cr Sun 

CHRIST PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH (unaffiliated) 
544o Vance Jackson Rd l*a miles North of Loop 4 if on Vonce Jackson 
Rev J 
G rant M cM illan, Pastor 
Church School. IO OO a m Worshio 
Service, ll a m . 7 oo p m , Mid week Services Wednesday 7.3o 
We ore conservative, evangelical ond autonomous, having no con neetion with the National or World 
Council of Churches We hold to the historic Presbyterian benet th o '.the 
Bible IS the Inspired Word on God and the only Infallible rule of fdith end practice 
Our church otters a sp rituol home to all who desire tn hear the word of 
God without compromise 

FAITH 
CUMBERLAND 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

781$ Oakton Dr 
(Beside Lee High School) 
Phone 342 614o 
Rev 
R 
Ear! Wjlloughbv. Minister 
WHO SO E V E R W IL L M A Y COME 
Sundov School 9 45 a m 
Worship S e rv ic e ll OO a m 
C P Y F 
Youth Group 6 3o p m 

FIRST PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

North Alamo and Fourth Sts 
M IN IS TE R S 
Louis H 
Zbinden Jr 
Richard G 
Rvan 
George Mauxe 
Minister Em eritus 

Dr Bess Hieronymus, 
Orgonist Choir Director 
SU N D A Y: 9 a rn. Worship in Guin ne B rvfirt Chapel, led hy Dr. /b in den, 9: JO a m. School of the Church, all classes meet together- in Fellow ship Hall to hear Dr Andrew cdiiig- fon, ll a rn. Worship, sermon bv Dr 
Ryan; service broadcast on Radio 
W O A I; Coffee Fellowship Hour in 
McCullough Room follows worship. 
Nursery and Child Caro during wor ship and study hours; 
No Youth 
Meetings 
T H U R S D A Y 
7:15 a m . M en s 
Prover Breakfast. 

M ADISON SQUARE 
UNITED 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH U S A. 
319 Camden of Lexington 
Phone 226 6255 
William P Lytle D D . Postor 
Edwin Rleke, O M A , 
Orqonist 
Choirmaster v 5o a m Church School ll OD a rn 
W nnhin Service Nursery provided 
Children s Center 226 192o 
(Week dovs 6 3o c m 6 OO o.m .) 

NORTHW O O D 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 
518 Pike Place 
824 7238 
Minister 
Dr 
Robert H 
Bullock 
Associate Minister 

Worship Service. H a m . 
Church School. 9 45 a rn 
Communion Meditation, Dr Bullock 

ST. ANDREW 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

8231 Cohoohon Rd 
(Neor I IO at 41o) 
Minister. Witltam C Mounts 
C h u rc h S ch o o l 
9 3o A M 
Worch-o Service — ll OO A V 

 rtf r. nor 

 t i-’iOwchip Hon 
Woodlawn United—North 
5o84 DeZovgio Rd 
Morning Worship Ser-. .re 9 >o A V 
Church School IO ‘JO A M 
Lorkehiit 
Elem entary 
School 
Cafetorium 

ST. LUKE’S 

Churches 

; of Chris! 

BEACON HILL 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 
9J7 W 
Magnolia 
Between IM IO and US 211 
Bdl Wilson 
Minister 
Bible Coll Library 
7)4-47o8 
Sunday 
Service* 
W orship 
IO 36 a m . and 6 p rn 
B ible C ia * *# * . 9 jct a m 
Midweek 
Bible 
Stud* 
Wed nesdov 
7 JO p rn 
' A church neor ta th# heart pf San Antonio 
JEFFERSON 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 
792 Donaldson Avenue 
7)2 61o5 
Cash Minister 

 on 

 s u n d a y ft OO a m Moly Ccm mouton 9 JO A M. Holy Communion 
(C horei! IO 3o A M Morning Wor ship & Church School 
M ON DAY TH RU F R ID A Y 
8 TO 
A M M O R N IN G P rover, (Chapel). 
F R ID A Y 
1) 45 A W 
H e a lin g 
Service, (Chapel), 
17 OO 
Noon 
Holy 
Communion, 
(Chapel). 

ST. PAUL S 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH 
IO U K 
Grayson St at Willow 
F r 
John f 
Daniel*, Rector 

Sundov Mg*se% — I and to 3o a m . i 1928 Prover Book Edition) 
Wednesday Moss — lo a m 
Motor Feast Dovs — IO a rn 
7 3o p m Confessions 
Saturday ll a i n 

WAYSIDE CHAPEL 
2918 Vance Jackson 
Ph 
344 12o3 
8 3o A M. ta r ty Warship 
9 45 A M 
Sunday School 
Ii OO A M . Leto Worship 
/ OO P M 
Evening Service 
Pastor — Stephen P 
Troxei 

Lutheran 

Churches 

LUTHERAN CHURCH 
The Friendly Church" 
514 Sonta Monico St , 735 o591 
I block W ot San Pedro 
Postor W. J Buck (Chaplain. Col , 
USAP, Ret I 
Pastor Emeritus J, F 
Vorkoper 
Worship Service 
IO 45 a m 
(Nur serv provided) 
Sunday School 9 15 tan aaes) 
Complete Religious Program 

REDEEMER 
LUTHERAN CHURCH 

(Missouri Synod) 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd 
Telephone 732 e ll2 
Rev Nett M Bockeimann. Pastor 
'U N O A Y 
9 i i a rn 
- S u n d o v 
School A B file Classes 
IO 3o a rn 
Otnue Worship 

Methodist 
H 
Churches 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
METHODIST CHURCH 
Slot Broadway 826-3215 
Ministers 
Or. Calvin W Froehnet 
The Reverend Harold C Perdue 
The Reverend H arry C Bumbereer 
The Reverend Jack C Bush, Sr 
Join us tor one of our m eaningful hours of worship, 8 36. 9 JO or IO 55 
O rn. This Sunday wit! be a iovous tim e of worship and celebration av we gather on the first Sunday of It e 
New Year 
Or Froehner will preach on 
Success Comes in CANS — Failu re in 
Can Is 

His message will hold some helpful suggestion* tor us ait. as we begin 
19/7 with it* new challenges 
Church School classes tor all ages m eet a t 9 3o a rn 
C h ild c a re is provided during all worship services 
Sunday evening activities tor Jt and 
Sr. Highs begin at 4 JO p m 

ST. M A T T H E W S 
UNITED METHODIST 
CHURCH 
HU Sitters Road 
6S6-125o 
(Between 
Nacogdoches 
Broadway) 
Tho Roy. M al Mig rholier, Minister 
The Rev. Winn Alley, Intern Minister 

HATFIELD CHURCH 
OF THE NAZARENE 

4515 S 
Flores fc fc 
Rhodes. Postor 
J W 
Cantrell. Associate 
6,i n d a v 
S e rv ic e s 
S u n d a y 
S c h o o l 
.9 45 a m , Warning W O 'S hip to 5o 
O rn (C h ild re n s W o rs h ip S e rv ic e — 
4 yrs thru the 4th grade) 
Youth 
Services 6 OO a rn . Evening Service 
7 OO P rn 
Wednesday t’or»i-r 
Meeting 
7 jg p m i V -SS-onor v 
M eeting lost 
Wednesday Ct month I 
N u rs e ry t* 
Open to r a ll re g , iq r ser vk es 
A 
CHURCH 
W H IR L f . v L R Y 
BODY 
IS W ELCOME 
- NO BIG 
Sh QTS 
NO 
U N IM P O R T A N T 
P l HP I I 

The Little Church of La VILLITA 
Non-Denominational 

Rev 
5o8 Vinita St 
David w 
Edmunds 
Pastor 
Worship Service— l l a 
Evening Service —6 O' 
• 
Healing and 
Pr 

Religious Science 

CHURCH OF 
TRUTH a m emner 
Church of 
Religious 
S ience Los Angeles California Dr 
I'n e s t Noim ei 
Founder publisher of the Science ot M od M ogajm p 
Sunday* 
IO 45 o rn 
Sprites. IO OO a m 
Word pf the W ee* 
Classes c m etap h ys ics ana p r o d .col 
C h ristian ity 
IO OO a m 
Jun ior 
Chi -ch dosses iou school grades! 
Child co 'e facilities 
Dr 
Audrey 
Hanger 
V rnrsre r < 82 I 7451 I 
Son 
''faro P layh o u se 
San A n to n io 
Pork 
(Dial a Blessing a recorded meditation 82« 5581) W ARM W E I- 
C O '-t 
AWAITS 
YOU 
Sundov morning 

Seventh*Day Adventist 

LAUREL HEIGHTS 
SEVENTH DAY 
ADVENTIST CHURCH 
V ) 6 ,".t Ashby P loppon’e San P e d 'o I'o u 1 
; I r,«v. 
Robert wood 
Pastor 
Sam M ille r 
A s s o n a te P o s '-* rd!I.rd a y Services 
5 Jboo'h Sch^o w 
* a 
Hr inset 
.1o P I es aa. vO iC t 

''Over MCC* ■ I Wl'dne v 
> 
Don a* Welfare son 
IO OO a m 
Sundae a 
OF P R O P H E C v k K , 

 and 

J O 
B'bie ((asses 
Worship IO JU A M and 
Y Oath 
Wednesday 
Aff ended n 

 v JO a rn 
o6 p M 
5 OO P m es 
7 JO p rn for git m eeting* 
SAN PEDRO 
CHURCH OF CHRIST 
122 HO* - T il $14 m* l l ) jackson Keller ot San Pedro 
G B ST A N L ! Y Minister 
Sunday Services h a te C lo **** 9 M a m 
Warship Services IO 36 c m . 6 OO p rn Wednesdov M idw eek service 
7 JO o m 
Nut set %up«h durns* att services 

GRACE LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

5o4 Avenue E at McCullough 
Three Btecki North et The Alamo 
Potter, Robert J Adi* 

8 OO and to 45 A M 
Worship 
9 M A M 
Sunday School 

BEITEL LUTHERAN 
CHURCH 

 t i l l Austin Hwy 
Poster, Ralph A bun 
Sunday worship ser v re es I M and 
1o JO a m 
Adult class and Sunday school at • to a m 
Prover ana 
Praise on Sunday es en trigs at 9 JO 
Nursery available 

 s u n d a y sc h e o u i 
(Nursery Available tor Al 
I vents) 
L a b l y s E r v k 
I if O ti 
9 IO a 
A(~fc Si 
I O SO a i 

 p rn 

R N K IF A* St R VK I 
»u!h chair* pr ac tire 
JI k Supper for VWjirr 
Lf M V F tor you th 
JCS 
L V tM N G 
W ORSHIP 

Sunday 
Sundov 
M,d we 
Services 
Wednesday night 7 3o e rn 
Thursday morning l l OO O 

Presbyterian 
Churches 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

62ot Breadwav 
Newton P 
Cox, Jr 
Minister 

Folk Worship 
8 IO A M 
Church School 
9 JO A M 
Fellowship tim e 
IO 3o A M 
It OO A M 
S e rm o n 
W o rk in g 
Together In A Colony Of Heaven 
Youth 7/eetmgs 
6 JO P M 
Nursery Provided 

BEACON HILL 
PRESBYTERIAN 
CHURCH 

HOI West Woodlawn 
731 71*9 
Minister 
Rey Joe M. Owen 
Sunday School 9 45 a m 
Worship Service TI o9 a rn 

COVENANT 
, PRESBYTERIAN 
I I I HeleT,) A N W L oom 4lV 
I At Honeysuckle earl) 
ED W IN WAL I M A IL 
Poster 
9 ii) a rn 
Church school fur I age* lo 45 a m Mar Ding worship Ser vx 

United Church of Christ 

BETHANY 

 i l l E 
M yrtle St at N 
Kendall (6 
Blocks 
North of lh-35 between 
McCullough A St 
M ary st 
226 7655 
Rev 
John 8 
Culver, pastor 
Worship. IO 45 a rn Church School 
9 
o a rn 
Adult Bible C lass 
9 JO 

 c o m m u n it y 
443 MunnicuH Or (W W White Rd 
Loop I J. at IM to) 
IJJ 16o1 
Rev 
Thomos N 
Ward 
Worship. 1o:3o a rn 

PILGRIM 
CONGREGATIONAL 

5oo Pilgrim Or 
(7 Blinks South of 
Loop 41o, I block West at Vonce 
Jackson) 
342 6o34 
Rev 
Arthur W 
Stark, pastor 

Sundav School 9 45 Divine Worship 
Service ll OO a rn. 

Affiliated with Unity 
School — Silent Unity — 
Daily Word M agaitne 
"day services It a m at 17JJ 
StWndal# D r 
(W est oft 
MOO o ad w o y). Sundov School 5 IO rn • Adult Class 9 3o a rn 
MeTti lion IO 35 a m , Youth Class It rn 
Thursday Truth Class IO >o rn O ttne open 1(1 to 4 (Aondoy tnrg hqrsduv (8.4 7351 1 
Norm an Q I* rn, 
Minister 
(Bulletin sent on 

Unitarian * 

FIRST UNITARIAN 
CHURCH 
•o7 Beryl D r 

Church School and nursery 
IO JO a rn. 
Morning Service to 3o g m 
Minister 
Rev Rom Gerhqrdt, 
G uest M in is te r 
Rev 
R o b ert A 
Starer. 
Sermon 
-A 
TIM E 
FOR 
LA U G H TE R •’ 

Wesleyan Church 

WESLEYAN CHURCH 

3919 West Avenue 
344 4393 
Edward O Aneth) Pastor 

 tin 

G U LA R 
A C T I V I T I E S 
I N 
D D L 
Sunday School C tg *,*** im age 2 y rs w ith * A d u lt sses. 3 Choir* tor ages I yrs u Adult; and special activities tor Youth, Senior CHW en*. C allege 
Career. Singles- end Young Adult pr owes 
C O M M U N IO N CACH F R ID A Y of 
8 JO a rn. with breakfast fellowship following. 

Church Directory 
On Next Page 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 1977 

F o r fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n on churches listed below — see ads appearing on this page 
Deadline set on grant requests 

Castle Mills Assembly 
71« Ro Ie to 

First Assembly of God 
83o S E M ilitary Dr 

Oak Meadow Assembly of God 
JJM Hunters Green 
Glad Tidings Assembly of God 
.3)43 So. W W White Rd 

' Eastside Primitive Baptist Church 
12o6 W. Hem Rd. 

Primitive Baptist Church 
4o4 Walton Ave. 

Castle Hills First Baptist 
723o N W Military Hwy 

Crestview Baptist 
Wol/em at Enqlecredst 
Eisenhouer Rd Baptist 
39So Eisenhouer Rd 

First Baptist 
515 McCullough 
Lackland Baptist 
2718 Frontier Dr 

Northridge Park Baptist 
Chevy Chose arid Eisenhouer Rd 

Monor Baptist 
Manor Or at Meredith 

Northeast Baptist 
293o Bitters Rd 

Porkhills Baptist 
14o15 Son Pedro Ave 

Shearer Hills Baptist 
8o2 Oblate 

University Park Baptist 
2lo8 Cincinnati 

Trinity Baptist 
319 E. M ulberry 

Groce Baptist Temple 
1928 Basso Rd 

Huisoche Avenue Boohs! 
1339 W Huisoche Ave 

Revival Temple 
131o Tevas Ave 

C alvary Chapel 
11o7 W Hildebrand 

Alomo Heights Christian 
84oo Block N New Braunfels 

Central Christian loin Ave at Romano Plato 

Community Christian Church live Oak Elementary School 
Old Spanish Tr & Welcome Dr 

Woodlawn Christian 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd 

 first Church of 
Christ Scientist 
SOI N Alomo 

Second Church of 
Christ Scientist 
Magnolia — Belknop 

Third Church of 
Christ Scientist 
27oo S New Biounfels 

First Church (Alam o Heiqhtsl ot Christ Scientist 
1o4 Cloverleaf 

Beacon Hill Church of Christ 
.937 w Magnolia 

Son Pedro Church ot Christ 
311 Jackson K oiler 

Jefferson Church OI Christ 
7o2 Donaldson Ave 

Sunset Ridge Church ut Christ 
. Brees ot E mporia trinity Church 
875o Fourwmds 

Christ Episcopal Church 
Belknap ot West Russell 

The Church oh Reconciliation 
94o1 Stark e st 

Church of St Stephen 
3724 S. New Braunfels at IH 37 

St George Episcopal Church 
69o4 west Ave Of M ilitary Hwv 

St Luke s t piscopol 
Corona A Devine Rd 

St Mock Episcopal Church 
3o7 E Pecon 

St Paul s Episcopal Church 
1o18 E Grayson 

Wayside Chapel 
2918 Vonce Jackson 

Ascension lutheran 
1o6o Donaldson 

Bertel Lutheran 
2515 Austrn Hwy 

G race Lutheran 
Avenue E ot McCullough 

C h m ! Lutheran 
672o Broadway 

Ktng of Kings Lutheran 
13888 Dreamwood 

Concordia Lutheran 
1826 Basse Rd 

Hope Lutheran 
5714 Callaghan Rd 

MacArthur Pork lutheran 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd 

Mi (olvaty Evangelical 

 lutheran (hutch 

3o8 Mount Calvary Dr 

St John Lutheran 
5o2 E Nuevo St 

St Lube s Lutheran 
S U Santo Monico 

Redeemer lutheran 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd 

Alomo Heights Methdoist 
51o1 Broadway 
Apterygote United Methodist 
Horton at Palmetto 

Colonial Hills 
United Methodist 
5247 Vonce Jackson 

La Trinidad United Methodist 
San Fernando v Pecos 

Laurel Meiqhts United Methdoist 
277 west Woodlawn 

St John s United Methodist t il Cloudcroft Or 

St Matthew s United Methdoist 
7738 Bitters Rd 

Trouts Pork United Methodist 
23o fa s t Travis 

Woodlawn united Methodist 
17o1 West Woodlawn 

Hatfield Church 
Of the N aiaren t 
4515 S Flores 

The Little Church at La Villita 
5o8 Villita 

Aloma Heiahfs Presbyterian 
«7o1 Broadway 

 saith Cumberland 
Presbyterian Church 
7815 Oakton Or 

First Presbyterian 
North Alamo and Fourth st, 

Beacon Hill Presbyterian 
MOI west Woodlawn 

Covenant Presbvtewon 
111 Reieto A N W L ooh 41o 

Christ Presbyterian 
544o Vance Jo e k son Rd 

Madison Squat* Untied 
Presbyterian lie camden at l e i melon 

Northwood Presbyterian 
I I I Pm# Place 

 it Andrew Presbyterian 
•331 Caiie*han Rd 

 la u re l Heights 
Seventh Our Adventist 
7o) Ashby Pl 

Bethany United Church at Christ e ll st Myrtle SI 

Community united 
Church et 
Christ 
444) Hunmcutt Dr 

 p lian t* Conereaohenol 
SOO Pile rim Dr 

Unity Chut ch i l l ) Lawndale Dr 

 l u l l UniM nen 
IH ll — LOOP 411 al Beryl Rd 

W etMvdn Chai cb 
M il west Ave 

Requests for grants from the Campaign for 
Human Development 
National Office must be postmarked on or before Jan. 31, 1977, 
M sgr. 
Charles 
V. 
Grahm ann, 
CH D 
Archdiocesan Director has announced. 
Begun in 197o by the Na­ tional Conference of Catho­ lic Bishops, CHD is the 
Catholic church's action/e­ ducation funding program. 

CHD funds projects working for long-term so­ lutions in the critical areas of economic and social de­ velopment, education, health care, legal assis­ tance, communications and housing. 
About one in eight grant 

MSGR. C V. GRAHMANN 
. . . heads CHD campaign. 

 applications is funded; the average grant is $4o,ooo. 
Grants are given to or­ ganizations which are in­ corporated and have an In­ 

 ternal Revenue Service, tax-exempt number. 
Application forms, c ri­ teria and guidelines for the proposals are available at 
29o3 W. Salinas St. 
UNITY CHURCH OF SAN 
/ANTONIO 
.loan McKee will conduct the first Tuesday evening class at 7:3o, based on the book “ Life is for Living” by 
Erie Butterwort!!. 
The presentation will be informal with fellowship time afterward. Each les­ son will be repeated at the 
Thursday morning class. 
' FIRST PRESBYTERIAN 
Dr. Andrew Edington of 
.Kerrville will address the adult study classes of the church at 9:3o a.m. Sunday in the Fellowship Hall. 
Dr. 
Edington is the form er president of 
Schreiner College. He wilT 

 speak on "A Challenge the New Year.” 
THE CHURCH OF CASTLE 
HILLS 
Ja c k Price, gospel so­ 

 loist. will appear in concert at the church, 214 Roleto 
St., at 6 p.m. Sunday. 
His musical message has been presented to millions 

 through television, radio, recordings and personal appearances. 
LANDMARK BAPTIST 
“ The Grim Reaper,” a 

 graphic technicolor film produced by the Ormond 
Organization, will he show n at the church at 7.3o p.m. 
Saturday and Sunday. 

The film includes one of the finest Christian casts ever assembled including four preachers, Drs. Jerrv 
Falwell, E J. Daniels, Boh 
Gray and Jack Van Impa. 

God must o f new 

There is something deep in the human spirit that yearns for a new start. 
Periodically, we build our symbols for new begin­ nings in the rituals of so­ cieties. 
The primitive, tribal ex­ perience of mankind often center* ‘hem around a feast for new moons or new crop planting. The concept of the new year comes out of this yearning for fresh begin­ nings. 
In ancient Israel Jesus was visited one night by a political and religious leader whose name was Ni- codemus. In the conversa­ tion. Nicodemus asked. 
“ Can a man enter the se­ cond time into his mother’s womb and be horn agaln',” 
The question was neither stupid nor cynical. N'ieode- mus was stating the yearning to begin again and the feeling of hopelessness about that happening. 
He was stating that life operates in time cycles that do not allow us to start over. 
The scars of yesterday s struggles are on us. The 

M e r c e r is 

 c o m p l e t e d 

DALLAS (A P ) - The merger between Mercantile 
Texas Corp. and Federated 
Capital Corp. of Houston has been completed, com­ pany officials said Friday. 
Tho merger created the state’s fifth largest bank holding company w ith a to­ tal resources of approx­ imately $2.8 billion, with banks in five of the state's key banking markets. 

L 
.linum R. Allen 
Pallor. 
First Baptist Church 

- 
- - ‘ 
- 
-......... 

 options in which we have made our choices have eli­ minated other avenues. We simply have to live with what we have become. 
The Good News of Jesus 
Christ is that it is possible to be horn again. This does not mean traveling back through the time of our yesterdays but does mean that something new and different can be added to our lives. The powerful spirit of God can come to change desire, direction and destiny. 
Born again 
The phrase “ born again” has been sounded with fresh exposure in our secularized world. It has come under considerable examination and some at­ tack during the election of 
Jimmy Carter. It is being debated among religious leaders, lampooned among cynics and witnessed to by a broad spectrum of people from all walks of life as being both valid and essen­ tial. 
It is God s promise to meet the yearning to begin anew. 
Pessimism 
As America enters her third century, the need for spiritually alive people to penetrate the processes of our communities has never been more dramatic. The jaded weariness and pessi- mism that clings to the walls of our society like mustard gas must he aired out. 
A fresh hope must he born. That hope cannot 

 art inning 

 center in the empty tem­ ples of power of political structures. It cannot center in mere resolutions and so­ cieties organized for channeling good will. 
Attitudes 
It must center in the at­ titudes of the inner spirit. It must center in an aware­ ness of a dimension of strength beyond our own. 
There is, however, hope born afresh across our so­ ciety. 
That hope centers in the experience of God at work in our lives to bring :nner harmony to our individual lives and an impact for justice and the righteous­ ness that exalts a nation within our society. 

S o lo is t in m u sic fe stiva l! 

John Hall, a gospel so­ loist, will present a mu­ sical ce le b ratio n of praise Sunday, at 8:15 and 1o:5o a.m. and 6 p.m. at Trinity Church, 
87 5 o Fourwinds Drive in 
W in d cre st. 
H all has been heard a c ro ss 
America and Canada, as w ell a s o v e rse a s, in evangelistic m eetings, sacred concerts, confer­ ences, conventions and rad io and te levision. 
Pastor Allen Randolph invites the public to join the interdenominational congregation. 

 n e o f woman is goal cleric 

- 
TI 
-J.. I 

■ ie Ai 
On Brid 

Iv IRA G. CORces 

R e 

NJR. 
I, 

NEW LIFE CENTER 
POSITIVE THINKING AT ITS BEST 
ADULT SUNDAY SCHOOL 
1o:oo A M 
CHURCH SERVICE 
11:oo A M 
Sermon Subject 

"HIDDEN DOWER" 
Quest Organist— Composer Bill Ross 

K O G E R EX E C U T IV E CENTER 
(Babcock & Loop 41o) 
4242 Piedras Dr. n u r s k r v p r o v id e d 
Suite 25o 

If the baboon cannot reach the banana, he says it is not ripe. — African proverb 
Roger Bates of Las Vegas was in reach of all the bananas in his play of today’s tricky game 
And after a nifty bit of counting, not a ripe one slipped away' 
„ 
North used the Flannery c o n v e n tio n to sh o w a minimum opening with four spades and five hearts, a hand pattern that proves awkward in any standard bidding system. East’s double showed a diamond suit and 
South (Bates) ended the bid­ ding by his jump to game. 
West started with the dia­ mond king and the second trick went to East’s ace. East shifted to a club and declarer won the ace 
A spade was led to dum­ m y’s gueen and East won the king for the defender’s third trick East now returned a spade and Wests jack went to dummy’s ace. Dummy’s spade three was ruffed by d e cla re r's heart ten and w hen 
W est d is c a rd e d , declarer had a good idea of 
East’s distribution (after win­ ning the spade king. East had an easy exit of a heart or a club if he held either). 
So declarer led Ihe heart seven intending to let it ride had West not covered Had 
West played low, the heart seven would win. the club king would be cashed and a low club ruffed with dum­ my’s heart six Dummy's last spade would be ruffed with declarer’s trump ace and dummy’s high trumps would score the remaining tricks 
In a c tu a l p la y . W est covered the heart seven with 
Ihe eight and the jack was won in dummy. A club was led to declarer's king and a low club was ruffed with 

 dummy;s trump deuce Next, dummy’s high spade was 

NORTH 
IVA 
4 A Q IO 3 
: 

K Q J 6 2 
7 2 
4 9 8 
WEST 
EAST 
J 6 
4 K 9 8 52 
9 8 5 4 3 
9 — - 
K 3 
♦ A Q IO 9 8 6 5 
Q J 5 2 
♦ IO 
SOL TH 
4 74 
: 

A IO 7 
J 4 
♦ A K 7 6 4 3 

Vulnerable: Both. Dealer. 
West, The bidding 

INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - 
Jacqueline' 
Means, a former Roman Catholic who once quit going to church for seven years, will be ordains! Saturday as an 
Episcopalian priest, the first woman to he ordained since the Church author­ ized women priests. 
She jokingly calls herself 
“ God's favorite lady” and wears a 
T-shirt with 
“ Mother Means” emb­ lazoned on the back. 
Mrs. Means has been the target of some opposition from men within the 
Church and a busload of demonstrators is expected at the ordination ceremon­ ies at All Saints’ Episcopal church. 
Two wymen members of the All Saints vestry at the church re­ signed in protest to her or­ dination. 

Wasn’t goal 

Becoming a priest was hardly a lifetime goal for 
Jackie Means, a 4o-year-old mother of four who started attending church again on­ ly for her children's sake. 
She doesn’t even consider herself a religious person 
— at least not in the tradi­ tional sense. 
“ W hats a religious person?” she asks rhetor­ ically. ” 1 don’t think any­ body else knows. But I had a strong belief in God. You know religion is belief in people. Religion lo me is caring about people and belief in other people 
“ The ministry is an ex­ lending of that belief iii people — helping them to help themselves.” 
The daughter of al­ coholic, nonehurch-going parents* she quit high school at lh to elope1 Mrs. 

4I 
A 

W N I 
Pass 
Pass 

North 
2* 
Pass 

East 
Dbl 
Pass 

South 
4 * 

Opening lead King of dia­ monds 

 ruffed with declarer s trump ace as W est underruffed helplessly. With the lead in the South hand, dummy's K- 
Q-6 of hearts encircled West s 
9 5-4 and dummy had no trouble scoring the last three tricks. __________ _ 

Bid W ith Corn 
South holds: 

 booth 

 l f 

4 A Q IO 3 f K (J J 62 
♦ 7 2 
+ 9 8 

North 
14 

I 8 H 

NHY 
8/5o FOURWINDS DR 
IM 35 o* loop 41o cnutnt PASTOR a LEN RANDOLPH 

A N INTER-D E N O M IN A T IO N AL C O N G R E G A T IO N 
_________________P T BELIEVERS 

8:15/1o:5o A.M. 
‘ DEVELOPING THE CHRISTIAN LIFESTYLE” 
Living a lifestyle of love. 

“BIG” JOHN HAU 
Soloist greatly used of the 

Spirit in bringing Renewal and Worship through music. 
9:45 A W./MUSICAL CELEBRATION 
(Ministering also at 

8:15/1o:5o A.M./6 oo P M.) 

SEMINAR FOR CHRISTIAN GROWTH 
DES EVANS 
SUN 6.oo P.M./MoN. WED 7.3o P M 

' Hon of th* Won) whew ministry is wall proven and molar*. 
NOON TEACHING HOURS 
M.-W. 12 N.-1 P.M. 
“ DISCOVERING YOURSELF” 

Who you or* .. what you or* . whet* you fit in His Body 
NUKsfcRY PROVIDED_________ 

**. . . art* our tilin g to* Ckrittion com m gnity to S a lo m a who* Jo ava info Adad . , , rn positive, Howling toilworn a ta ato^fd. 

In Concert 

J A C K P R IC E 

World Renoti fied Gospel SoUtist 

SUNDA V, JANUARY 2 

6:oo U M . 

At The 

Ch urc h of Castle Hills 

Loop 41o at Roleto Drive 

 y/2 Mite U est of Central Turk Mall 

Answer: Two spades. Do not let the excellent spade holding lead you to an over­ bid of three spades. This is still a minimum opening and a single raise is quite enough. 

Moth er o f f o u r will he o rd a in ed 
S a tu r d a y as an 
Episcopalian priest 

Means and her Methodist husband, Delton, were una hie to accept each other’s religion, so they stopped going to church altogether. 
Decided to go 
Seventeen years ago, they decided to go again 
” 1 decided then I hilt we needed to go to church for the kids,” she said “ You don’t ever think you need it. but your kids need it ” 
They chose St. Matthews 
Episcopal church, near their home on Indianapolis' eastside, as a compromise between their conflicting religions. 
That was the springboard for her ministry, and now she’s thinking about becoming a bishop. 
“ That’d be kind of neat,” she said. “ I think the House of 
Bishops, like the priesthood, could benefit from a woman’s viewpoint on things so maybe someday I I I he a bishop someplace Don’t laugh 
People laughed five years ago when I said I wanted to he a priest.” 
Mrs. Means is an easy­ going, good-humored woman who can he shock­ ingly frank. 
She once answered the telephone by saying, “ Hi, this is God” and jokingly warned an employe at the 
Indiana Women’s Prison, where she is a chaplain, 
“ You’re talking to God’s favorite lady now, so you just he careful what you say to me.” 

Her unorthodoxy is re­ flected by her retort to a chaplain who said he felt compelled to tell new in­ mates the “ Good News” — the Gospel. 
“ The only good news these ladies want to hear the first week they’re in this dump is ‘when am I getting out?'” Mrs Means replied. “ If you can’t show them how much God loves them, you can tell them 'til hell freezes over. They’ve heard a lot of talk.” 
Jackie downplays her own role 
“ I can’t do a damn tiling for most of those people, ’ she said. ‘‘I don’t have any miracles that I can work, but just the fact that they sec somebody from the outside coming in that place — talking to them, laughing, joking — means a 
, lot to those people." 

Fuller ministry 

Women priests will give the Church a fuller min­ istry, sin1 said. 
“ I think women are more sensitive in a lot of ways. 
They complement what the men have already been do­ ing because women sci' things differently than men do They pick up things that men don’t.” 
As for male opposition to her ordination, she said: “ I think women do tend to threaten men in all-male situations and I think until you work together, thats not ever going to change 
“ Those guys who will never allow a woman to work with them are miss mg a chance to learn how women function as ‘der* gypeople,’ and learn how to got along. And that’s the only way you can do it.” 

N A T IO N A L WE ATHER SERVICE, 
N O A A , U S Dept. ol Commote# 

SAN ANTONIO ANO V IC IN IT Y f a i r ant) colt) w ith in c re a s in g cloudiness wilts (.trances of rain and snow throuoS Sunday 
Winds light and variable Low temperatures in toe tow 7os Saturday Highs near 4o 
Saturday 
Probability ot precipda tioo 5o per tent Saturday night Sun rues at 7 79 and fats at 5 46 Moon is in the first auorler Moon uses at 
7 ta ons. and sets at 6 >? p rn 
Temperatures Friday rona*-d from 
26 to 4) degrees (National Weather 
Service for et ast ) 
WL LA Ti V t H U M ID IT Y — 49 per tent os of 6 p m Friday 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N - Total rainfall for the 74 hour period ending at 6 p m Friday, troce; tor the month, 
I 95 inches/ for the ye a r. 39 13 inches 
A cc u m u late d d e p a rtu re from normal for the month, plus 49 
Of an inch, tor the ye a rl plus ll 58 
Inches 
NO RTH T t * AS — fa ir and cool with increasing cloudiness through 
Sunday 
SO UTH I L KA S * Partly cloudy and caid through Sunday 
W LST T E X A S — P o rtly cloudy and fair and not as cold through 
Sunday 
N A T IO N A L — Showers will con tihue through the southern portions of California and Arizona with snow e x te n d in g into U ta h , n o r! e m 
Arizona ond the Rocky Mountains 
Ram ond snow will also be- spread into w estern ond central Tyro s 
Snow show ers wit! be scatte red 
Over the G r e a t la k e s . A p p aia ch ia n s, upper O hio V o lle y and northern New I agiond Clouds will be in cre as in g e lse w h e re in the 
Plains, but n e ar or portly cloudy skies will p revail m other a re a , 
Temperatures will be much colder oiong the middle and southern At tootle Coost and continued cold in most other areas 
M A R IN * 
T ID E S — Port Aransas for Sun day: High a1 5 J2 P rn Low at 9 o2 a rn. Port Isabel tor Sunday 
High at 6 31 p rn I ow at 9 J I q rn 
W IN O S — Northerly winds I/ to 
32 mph through Sunday Seos live to seven feet 
T t M P t R A T U R I I X T R t M l ) 
Low . ]9 d e g ree s below zero at 
Brainerd. Mum 
H ig h , 
I ) d e g re e s at 
F o rt 
Lauderdale Flo 
O R K A T * R SAN ANTONIO 
San Antonio 
?6 
43------- 

’76 e x its w ith ic y b last 

ASSOCIATE mss 
(Md man 1976 slipped into history Friday night—his beard frosted, his breath icy and his scythe sharp as tin* arctic winds which howled through Texas before dawn. 
Record cold tempera­ ture's iced down the north­ ern tialf of the state Friday while the arctic system freight—trained its way south toward the* Gull 
Coast. 

Thermometers shriveled up as temperature* slumped to well below the freeze line Dalhart had W degrees: Wichita Falls 9 degrees, Dallas 14 At noon the merc ury had climbed to only 17 a t Abilene. 24 a t 

S O U T H T K X A S 
Austin 
OO 
Brownsville 
->i 
52 
DO 
( or po* Christi 
76 
41 
OO 
Cotulla ii 
46 
66 
Dei Pig 
?7 
48 
OO 
June lion 
19 i6 
OO 
VK tor ta 
T K X A S 
Abilene 
OO 
Alpine 
17 hi 
OO 
Amarillo 
Ut 
36 
OO 
1 1 P o to ll 
6) 
66 
Fort Worts 
13 
31 
OO 
Houlton 
V 
42 
OO 
Lubbock 
IO 
36 
OO 
Lufkin 
J I 
4o 
OO 
San Angelo 
16 
16 
OO 
Waco 
14 
31 
OO 
SO U TH W EST 
Denver 
OO 
Honolulu 
7o 
I , 
OO 
Lot Angelet 
51 
62 i i 

Austin. 22 at Texarkana, and 35 at Galveston 
Police sealed off the freeway system in San An­ tonio where sleet and freezing rain turned road­ ways into glazed mirrors. 
Sleet iced over sections of 
Interstate IO near Kerrville while weathermen promised snow and other frozen precipitation Satur­ day 
It w a s colder i i i parts of 
Texas early Friday than i ii 
Moscow, Stockholm, Oslo and other traditional winter deepfreeze cities. 
The outlook for New 
Year's Day called for con­ tinued hitter cold wttli mercury readings in the teens and 2#» and snow in some sections 

Pharm * 
49 
57 
57 
Sait I ake C ity 
16 
(9 oo 
Son Diego 
5 7 
64 
I 64 
SO UTH C t N T R A l 
Kansas City ll ll 
OO louitvitte 
o7 
IM 
Oi) 
Memphis 
o9 
?| 
Oklahoma City 
o4 
24 
SI Louts 
IO 
o9 
OO 
Witting 
o4 
22 
OO 
SOU t n t AST 
Ailanto 
26 
5) 
21 
Birm ingham 
19 
7I 
19 
Charleston 
OI 
Jo t k son v ilia 
J I 
68 ll 

IHI 
L o s Vega-, 

M E X IC O 
I Me yu an tem perature* appear ta bota F a h re n h e it a n a C a llo u t ar 
C entigrade f an ren h eil it listed fir*! in ro m toiunsn > 
Ac oputc o ... .... 23 2J 
G'todoiotaro 
*>o IO 
Maz cit IO" 
. .. 
66 19 
M eeitg I tty 
45 Of 
Mantel rev 
46 OH 

96 > J 

 ti lf 
•6 t*3 

Where did you come bom? 
A. God created you. 
B. Product of evolution. 
C. Toledo, Ohio. 

Fat th* idtaat sc***tittie. ttvKienco attern! the 
CREATION SCIENCE SEMINAR 

Jan 14 Laurie Auditorium I OO pm 
Jan th Trinity bapt tai Church B 4b am b 3o pm 

TK X A J W IA TMK R t© re ta il OI a gunite 
F O R K C AST 
C IT Y 
T K M P K R A T U R R 

Am or Mfg 
Sat t i JO 
Sun 
'OJO 

Austin 
21 IO 
,*6 Ct) t ow. | afd 
Lor tau 
75 45 
JO 4o 
F aw, told lh 5o 
37 sa 
Cloudy Laid 
V it IO* Kl 
26 5o 
37 54 
C loud* told 
Dodos Ft Wurth 
TO 25 
2o J I 
FOW told 
Mr Aden B'O vm tyiite 
JO 55 
3ooo 
Cloudy, lard 
Houston ll *6 
Cloudy, toed 

- Pq9e 
8 C 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I I 9 77 
3o Argentina leftists killed 

COMPILED PROM WIRE SERVICES 
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina — Gunfire and death ushered out the old year in Argentina 
Friday as security forces reported killing 3o suspected left-wing guerrillas in six different clashes. 
The la te s t k illin g s brought to 1,479 the number of d e a th s for 1976 in the country’s continuing politi­ cal violence. 
This far exceeds the toll from factional w arfare in 
N o rth ern Ire la n d w here 
B ritish a rm y s ta tis tic s show that 296 persons have been slain this year. 
Six g u e r r illa su sp e cts died early Friday in Rosar­ io, A rg e n tin a’s th ird -la r­ gest city located 18o miles north of here, an official communique said. 
M ore th an half of the victims of the violence dur­ ing 1976 w ere reported to have been members of two major Argentine guerrilla groups: the E R P and the 
Montoneros. 
ERP are the Spanish ini­ tials for the People’s Revo­ lu tio n ary A rm y. It is a 
Marxist-leaning organization which believes socialism m u st be in tro ­ duced to Argentina through armed struggle. 

I .S., Saudi 
Trade clim bs 

JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia 
— A m erican tra d e and contracts with Saudi Ara­ bia have nearly doubled in the past year, a U.S. E m ­ bassy official said Friday. 
He confirmed a Saudi re­ port, however, that this oil-rich kin g d o m ’s trade with other countries was growing faster than with the United States. 
The official m ade the statements in commenting on a recent trade report by the 
E n g lish la n g u ag e newspaper Saudi Gazette. 
It claimed U.S. companies had lost billions of dollars to E u ro p e an and Asian co m p etito rs in 1976 and were expected to lose even more in 1977. 

Bishop rejects suggestion 

VATIC AN CITY - A Va­ tican prelate in charge of sacred art Friday rejected suggestions that Michelan­ gelo’s Pieta sculpture and other priceless Vatican art objects be put on sale for funds to aid the needy. 
Bishop Giovanni Fallani, writing in the Holy See’s weekly magazine L’Osser- vato re d ella D o m en ica, said to sell the Vatican’s riches would be tantamount to the triumph of m ateria­ lism over spiritualism. 

Guerrilla gives confession 

BULAWAYO, Rhodesia 
— A black Rhodesian guer­ rilla, in handcuffs and leg irons during a court hear­ ing Friday, said he killed a 
Roman Catholic bishop and two missionaries, all West 
Germans, last Dec. 5. 
Albert Sumbe Ncube, 26, told provincial magistrate 
Jack Riley that he made the statement to police volun­ tarily. 

2(1 die in crash 

LIMA, Peru — Rescue parties reported all 2(1 per­ sons aboard a DC4 p a s ­ senger plane perished when the aircraft slammed into a mountainside in the Andes of northern Peru, an airline official said Friday. The crash occurred Thursday. 

A U i l l N 
I A P ) — TDIOS bu 
C o m e C o u r t or OC e e d n g s 
O r d e r * 

J u d g m e n t c t i n c c o u r t c t c i v i l app e a l* . a f t ir i n c a 
Ck rtercji D v ' O ' r t i f j C o r e 
. 
V a l e 
C o m p t r o l l e r B o d B a l l o t * 
T i c k 

S u n 
A n t o n i o 
I n d e p e n d e n t b r h o i'* 
D i s t r i c t 
V<> 
C liv 
Cit b o n A n t o n i o , b e . c j r 
J u d g m e n t ut tnt- i o n ' i t c i v i l a p p t u lv r e v e r s e d a n d t» nj! t . rt aft lr r f r d 

R e h e a r i n g of C a u s e s O v e r r u l e d 
J e s s i e 
J a m e s 
S m i t h vs 
K a f f i e 
M a n e S m ith , J e f f e r s o n 
W a i t e r M r n g d e n Sr vs 
P e n i n s u l a 
P i oduc tn o n C o t o S a lle 
B e a t r i c e 
M m d c r r o n v s 
T h e 
T i a . r i r r s I n s u r a n c e C o . J o tte r son 
C C C 
M a n a g e m e n t C o vs 
C o m 
" H i t 
S a v i n g s 
A s s o c i a t i o n u t 
B r o r o n o C o u n t y , M u m - 
R e h e a r i n g at A p p l i c a t i o n s tor 
W r i t (it t ' t o r O v e r r u l e d 
C o m m e r c i a l s t a n d a r d f i r e a n d 
T im b l o t of 
I e ROS vs 
J o h n n y t V j r m e Co vs 
O d is A hit 1 1 AAu i u h v k u m t t SIO. M a r r i s 
H a r r i s 

J u t f q m e n t Of t o e c o u r t of f i . i l 
R a l p h AAa v e r vs 
A r n o t o P r u d u t a Pise JI*. e v e r M d a n d c a u s * 
♦ion C o b b i n c be r r e W 
' d e d a t h a t c o u r t 
W i l l i a m 
L a w ii r 
J r vs 
* o d o re d 
P o i p b 
T e m p i e t o n v s 
U m a u r d 
D e p o s it In t r a n c e C o r p a r e c e i v e r 
Sec u t (tv In . a r a n t i C o , T a r r a n t for Soar ps o w n S ta te B a n t 
H a r r i s 
A p p d e a f ic 
M a r shot 
H y p h e n G 
N a t i o n a l B a n k vs 
W R e a u t of t r r or G r a n t e d 
W a r r e b 
W e b s vs 
M a r y 
W e l l s 
. M is •.Our i 
P u e it it 
R a i l r o a d Co vs f o r t B e n d 
A m o r n a n tat*", m o n , I c a vfs 
H U I 
D a v C’ vs 
H a r o l d 
R o b b i n s 
A n r 
Tone t a r t v > 
G e o r t i f 
T a q u a e t a n d I a u r i r 
T a vi er 
E a s t l a n d 
H i m a 
R u p e r t C o m t n g u c z vs 
J o h n D o 
W r t o f 
L r r o r 
R e f u s e d 
N o r a n Jr 
( or t B e n d 
R e v e sipie 
I TTOr 
T o e Lo ng V i e * U n i t e d P e n t e c o s t a l 
( r e clit t 
• c h a n g e of O a f lo*, 
(ne 
C b u r c b i n c v s 
A n n i e t o w v * 
M a r V I u u is e P u n ins, D a n a ' . f.H P b e r son 
Cf r e a u f IO ns ie 
' . V i p e r vs 
R h ii hp* 
P ip e 
W a d e r 
*• l e p t o n s vs f r e t 
B o o * 
L in e 
: o , t row is a n d T f t e t it R o Tho ti .on. D u lid 
D e n I p s e y ti? Qrr} 
T r o o f e r 
& C o 
UH vs 
3no 
H a r r i s 
R f n e a r in to f ne P e 
9 v t a M o t i o n for l e a v e t i t i a n fo r 
W r i t ut 
. V a n 
T UY s 
B n id vs 
N i m y m u G l a d y s 
O a m u s O / e rf u le d 
H u n ft in Jo h n s o n , D e n t o n 
R a l p h AA< v«*r vs 9 th ( O ur* a t ( »v ti 
A A 
H u t >ey O h o R o M o v e r i c * 
A p p e a ls 
Oil Cc . vs 
R ope*'! P e e l . M a s e r u * 
P e t i t i o n s r s 
M o t i o n to D i s m e s 
W r it 
Of I r or D i s m i s s e d for W a n t 
A p p * lr o t i c a i f o r 
W r it o f 
L r r o r 
Of J a r •sdict *on 
G r a n t e d 
VYQPdCI Bfi / d R a t l i f f vs 
J o s e p h i n e 
M i d A m 
•r a a n 
R I s e a r c h 
B o , d 
Dotty) %: 
C h e n a r a l Co t a v s 
T f m o t h y C a I v r r 
D o c <9 l a s 
G e d d e s 
B e n i d i c t v s 
RunrlO H 
I . a rn rn v J a r e B e n e d i c t 
T a r r a n t 
Amotion fr r i e a v e to f ne P e t i t i o n i f r v C o h e f t vs 
T o m rn ic t o u r to r W r i t of 
M a n d a m u s O v e r r u l e d in fo C Du( h 
J e f f e r s o n p i e 
* rn p e v s 
J u d g e H e r m a n 

A New Year's 
Coming! 

...a n d w e ll be tem p ting 

 you w ith delicious food 

 the w hole year through. 

W e ll be open 

New Years Day. 

CAFETERIAS 

( / M I H A I * p l r 
CAFETERIAS. INC. 

• IS S O U TH *! *T MILlTADV OM 
• 2 « NORTH STAM M AU 
4 *o 2 BROADWAY 
• 'IS McCMl L l SS PLAIA 
/ I * NORTH MAIN 
• 4 * 1 !MlOtMK.MS«UMO NO 
MIS BAN U t RA NO 
R I H l fl * T WURZBACH RO 

 where food tastes batter. 

U GV DLR WORLD Ob FABRICS 

PRICES 
WILL BE GOOD 
ALSO SUNDAY 
AT BROADWAY 
JAN. 2ND exciting sensational 

1oo% POLYESTER 
GABARDINE FLANNEL 

6 o ” WIDE. PLAIDS. CHECKS & SOLIDS 
ALL AT THIS LOW, LOW PRICE 

ATTIRE S T O C K 
OF 
P A T T E R N S 

SIMPLICITY 
McCALLS 
VOGUE AND 
BUTTERICK 
YARD 
P rice 
His & Hers rn 
J 
Look-A-Like 
^ 
1oo% PO LYESTER 
DOUBLE KNITS 
N ew selection of colors 
\ for this sale 

LIMIT 2 PER CUSTOMER 

DRESS VELVET 
1oo% R A Y O N 

TH IS 
LOW -LOW 
PR IC E 
YARD 

YARD 
TIO LAID I OOK IT IT> I OI H I L S T 
Bottom Weight 
KRINKLE 
4 4 ” to 4 5 ” wide • 1oo% cotton some 5o% Polyester 5o% Cotton 
This Low— Low Price 
PRINTS 
Assorted Colors & prints 

YARD 

S? 1oo% POLYESTER 
/ DOUBLE KNITS 
COORDINATES 
• N O RO LL 
ELASTIC 
E xtra fancy yarn dyed coordinated zvith matching .solid 
58"to 6o" 
First Quality 
N ew Shipment 

• A LL IN ONE 
M ACH INE NEEDLE 

• 
1oo7cPO LYESTER 
TH R E A D 
< 
YARD 
S P O O L S 
L O R 

ONCE-A-YEAR 
Very Special 
Fabulous Fakes 
Perfect for Those 
Fashionable Jackets* Trim on Jackets, 
Decorator Pillows, Bed Spreads 
A Thousand Other Uses 
S4 "-6o" Wide 

 bricated and A djust* 
FREE 

L / 
All Work Done While You Shop v . 
Professional Sharpeners — Mr. & Mrs. W. L. Gettle 

SAT.. JAN. I 
ST.SUNDA Y. JAN. 2ND. 
933 PLEASANTON 
4815 BROAD WA Y 

Will be at Cloth World the above days to sharpen your scissors. Limit one pair to be sharpened FREE. 
Small charge for pinking shears, electric scissors and extra scissors. — 
HOURS 
— 
9:3o TO 6:oo 
YARD 
While 
Quantities 
Last 
933 PLEASANTON 
PHon. No f2 3 / / I S 
O N N 6 DAYS A WCU 
Mon h i 9 3 o 9 P M Sot 9 3o 6 

5712 WURZBACH at 
Rd 
Phono No 614 4 I S3 
ORCH A DAVI A WHR 
Mon h i 9 M T* P M Set 9 IO * P M 

11425 PERRIN JBEITEl RO 
Phono No ASI 9292 
ORIN A DAYS A WHA 
Mon Att 9 IO A M 9 P M Sat 9 3o A P M 

Band Aah fic h u 
8125 MEADOW LEAF OR 
Carn#* *♦ M w M tk IR and loop 41o 
Phan# Na A TI 'I A I 
O N N A DAVI A W IIK 
Man H i 9 IO A M 9 P M Sol 9 ID & P M 

4 8 1 5 BROADWAY 
Alamo N ato hi. 
Phono No 434 344o 
UPtN A DAYS A WiCR 
Mon h i 9 3 o A M 9 P M Sun l l Id A 

6o 1 4 WIST AVENUE 
C*»n|i ut Watt A von uo A Loop 41o 
Phono No 349 1269 
OPfN A DAYS A WHR 
Mon -Ft. 9 3o A M 9 P M Sal 9 36A P *4 

Value.,, still an old acquaintance 

Never forgotten at Morton/Southwest 

When so-called “ experts” claimed that new homes today would have to be built with less to be sold for less, or at more affordable prices, a local building-developing firm those to “ think positive” instead. 
M orton/Southwest never had been a firm to offer the least of anything, and this kind of skepticism was not about to make it begin. 
Took lead 
It's th is school of thought that gave Morton/ 
Southwest a lead in new home sales last year. And what did it give the buyers who chose Morton/South­ west homes? 
The answer is simple and obvious. It gave them what they w anted m ost: th e ir money s worth and more. 
Accordingly. 
Morton/ 
Southwest has initiated a new concept called “ Mon- eysworth.” The firm wants all home hunters to know 
Morton/Southwest homes mean just that: their mon­ ey's worth. 
Morton/Southwest has se­ lected three neighborhoods ascites for furnished, pro­ fessionally decorated m o­ dels to play key roles in its 
Moneysworth campaign. 
The com m unities, each in a different San Antonio area, feature models which show how M o rto n /S o u th ­ west avoided s trip p in g q u ality fe a tu re s from 

 homes and cam e up with lively floor plans. 
These models represent the two most recent series of housing for today's mo­ dern fam ilies: F re ed o m 
Homes and Success Homes. 
Their selected neighbor­ hoods are Cimarron, in the 
U niversal City v icinity; 
Lakeside, a so u th eastern 
Bexar County neighborhood d esig n ed for r e c r e a ti o n - minded families; and Val­ ley Forge in northeastern 
San Antonio. 
Top priority 
Morton/Southwest knows, of co u rse, that everyone w an ts to live w here i f s worth the money, and the firm kept that in mind as a top p rio rity w hen these com m unities were chosen for its F reedom and Suc­ cess Homes 
The firm feels the main reason it outdid the others last y e a r is th at its custom ers know they are living where it's worth their money. 
They have a home w hich suits their individual needs and desires since they got to select it from a variety of market-tested floor plans. 

Thus, home buyers, who had been told they would have to settle for a lot less to move into a new home, discovered this was not so at all. 
Morton/Southwest showed them, they can still get their money’s worth — not only 

 in a new home but in a de­ sirable neighborhood.too. 
F re ed o m 
H om es a re priced from $26,9oo. The three- and four-bedroom series will be modeled in all th ree c o m m u n itie s th is weekend. 
S uccess 
H om es, 

 priced-from $33,6oo, will be m odeled in Valley F orge and Lakeside. This series has rapidly in creased in popularity due to their nu­ merous extras. 
C im a rro n is off K itty 
Hawk Drive just south of 
NE FM 16o4 in Universal 

City. The community has a western flair due to its rus­ tic surroundings. Its resi­ dents have access to a swim club, scout hut and play­ ground. 
In northeastern San An­ tonio, Valley Forge is off 
O 'Connor 
Road and 

 between Nacogdoches Road and NE 11133. R e sid e n ts have the exclusive use of a tennis-sw mim ing facility. 
Children attend North East schools. 
Lakeside, in southeastern 
Bexar County, is just out­ side the city limits off Hwy 

S7 and east of SE Loop 411) 
Amenities here include a lake for boating and fish­ ing. park-like picnic area, sw im m in g pool, lig h ted tennis courts, playground, jogging and biking paths 
East Central schools serv e the area. 

SUCCESS HOMES m odeled by M orton/Southw est in three neighborhoods, Lakeside, Valley Forge and Cimarron 

Builders Set Parade 
Site for 1977 

See page 4D 

NEW HOMES 
TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 1977 
Page 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

— 
To LARGEST CLASSIFIED AWD REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS ° J 

LASSOED DISPLAY c l a s s if ie d DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Out With 

 analeuiood 
Where *38,1oo 
Buys Peace and Quiet! 

 puce 
SIS IOO 
No down pay men! end no closing costs VA m oil gage $ 18,1oo 
36o equal monthly principal and interest payments of 
\ 2 J 9 65 for 3o years at 8% Annual 
Percentage Hate 
Pr m c i p a l and Interest 
/'J 66 
Taxes (City, County, State. 
School) 
87 3o 
Insurance 
19 o6 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$386 oo 

ADDRESS: 6111 Pecan Trait 

Northside Schools • Grade school within walking distance • Minutes to UTSA, USAA, Medical Center 
• Easy access to expressways • Secluded north­ west location in foothills of the Texas Hill Country 

NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. at 6222 
Spring Time. Take IH-1o to the DeZavala exit, turn west and follow the signs. 

Hi 
PH. 696-817o 
Ellison Homes 

This beautiful family home in­ cludes complete carpeting • 
Central heat & air conditioning 
• Built-in electric kitchen with range, vent, dishwasher, disposer 
• Patio, landscaping & privacy fencing • Fireplace 

BABCOCK, 
TANGLEWOOD 
NORTH! 

I 
I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 1977 
Ray Ellison’s Camelot one of the best buys 

The continued growth and development of Ray 
Ellison's Camelot is evidence that it's one of the best home buys around. 

In northeast Bexar Coun­ ty, Camelot offers access to 
F o r t S a m H o u s to n . R a n ­ dolph Air Forc e Base, ex­ p re s sw a y s . W in d s o r P a r k and recreational facilities. 

Every taste 

Camelot offers a variety of homes, enough to match almost every taste. Homes start in tne high $2o's. and tor c u rr e n t h om e buyers , there a re no monthly pa y­ m en ts until April. No city taxes means lower monthly pay ments. 

Camelot floor plans offer th re e - an d fo u r - b e d r o o m d e s i g n s . S o m e off e r th e split bedroom plan for the ultimate in privacy. 

T h e r e a r e a ls o h o m e s with formal living and din­ ing rooms, and others offer living-dining combinations. 
Family rooms, wood-burn­ ing f irep la c e s, c a t h e d r a l ceilings and other features are available. 

Exteriors 

E x t e r i o r s c o m e in a choice of b r i c k or n a ti v e stone with wood trim. Each y a r d is p r o f e s s i o n a l l y l a n d s c a p e d with a fe nc e and patio. 

M o d e l s a r e open d a i l y until 8 p.m. T ake IHI.) to the Walzem exit, drive oast on Walzem and follow the signs. F u rth e r information is available at 655-4123. 

 rjjffr I f I I 
' 

^ . 
! 
I I I 
' 
[ J□ 
[ I 
L. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

CAMELOT, Ray Ellison’s northeast neighborhood, offers a variety of new homes starting in the high $ 2 o ’s 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED SlSPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY tL A S S lE » 6 DISPLAY 

» 

 i y p y 

* VA, 
Immediate Closing 
This Address Only! 

 y 

 i ii 

 ml 
ONLY 

•Cash price. $48,975. No down pay­ ment and no closing costs. VA mort­ gage $48,975. 36o equal monthly principal and interest payments of 
$351.o5 for 3o years at 73/*% Annual 
Percentage Rate. 
Principal and Interest 
$351.o5 
Taxes (County. State. School) 
66.89 
(No!) City Taxes 
o- 
Insurance 
24 o6 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT $442.oo 

o 3 
New Wo rld Dr. sea £5o7 UAVEhj&PE. 
Immediate 
Occupancy! 

LL 

 br 2 

 t 

CB LITH 
Microwave Cooking 

 amelot 

ALL THESE FEATURES INCLUDED! 
• 2,o24 sq. ft. in 2 stories • 1oo% masonry exterior • Fully carpeted throughout • 4 bedoroms, 2% baths, 2-car garage • Energy-saving package • Patio and landscaping • Complete privacy fence 

PLUS! LITTON MICROMATIC DOUBLE 
OVEN MICROWAVE RANGE! ylt combines all the popular cooking conveniences in one practical unit, and it’s self-cleaning, too! And it’s standard, included in the purchase price, when you buy this beautiful and luxurious Ray Ellison home! 
CAMELOT LIVING OFFERS SO MUCH! 
Minutes to the beautiful new Windsor Park Mall • Easy access to expressways • Centrally located between Ft. Sam Houston and Randolph 
AFB • Recreational facilities nearby. 

• NORTHEAST SCHOOL DISTRICT 

• NO CITY TAXES MEANS LOWER 
MONTHLY PAYMENTS 

• NO DOWN AND NO CLOSING 
COSTS, VA 

Furnished models open daily until 
8 p.m. Take IH-35 to the Walzem exit, drive east on Walzem and follow the signs. 
Phone: 655-4123 

■WWWW 
Ray Ellison Homes 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Saturday January I I 9 7 7 

WAS DORN 

NORTHCLIFFt 

 just two months ago and really growing... 

 m o re o f e v e r y th in g yo u coo Im o g im *. 

• 
■ ,?''y 
■ if - 
* <*' 
• b e a u tifu l 

; 
• • homesite^, homes, prices, investments, rec­ reation: golf, tennis, swimming 
. 
. . and 

* " 
. ! 
, y s' ’ 
'4. 
’ 
1 > 
V 
I 
• 
•« . 
I 
/ 
You should see our beautifully furnished models 

 a ll h o m e s w ith ci v ie w 
659.1761 

M 
E C R ® 
1 
W e Spoil You For Anything Else. 

 grow 

Over 3oo families now own their own homes in ru in Creek, Homecraft Corp/s established area community. 

Although slig htly re- colors and styles. It was all moved from the 
San planned that way. 
Antonio city lim its. Twin 
The community features 
( reek has the advantage of its own private clubhouse, full city services, it is fenced, lighted tennis between Bandera and Gule- courts, a swimming pool, bra roads off Grissom Road wading pool, playground a mile north of NW Loop and clubhouse kitchen. 
41o. 
Although surrounded by 
Neighborhood streets ne- nature, Twin Creek also has cessitate slow traffic, and a convenient location. In a exteriors create a blend of setting where deer are seen 

 running wild and city noises are never heard, 
Bandera Road is a m ile away and Loop 41o one mile more. 
Of course, no city taxes apply to home payments made by Twin Creek resi­ dents. 

Located in the Northside 
School district. Twin Creek is also close to U T SA , 
USAA, South Texas Medi­ cal Center, Southwest Re­ search Institute and Kelly and Lackland A ir Force bases. 

H om ecraft homes in 
Twin Creek have two baths, two-car garages and en­ ergy-saving IOO per cent masonry. 

Other features which cut utility bills are full insula­ tion in w alls, 6 1/2-inch ceiling insulation, over-en­ gineered air conditioning and heating systems re­ quiring minimal use, and tight-fitting doors and windows. 

W ork-saving kitchens contain all-electric ap­ 

 pliances. including Magic 
Chef range, continuous cleaning oven, built-in dou­ ble dishwasher, plus plenty of cabinet space planned for working convenience. 

Other features are handcrafted fireplaces, pa­ tios, room-finished two-car garages with overhead doors, accent paneling and sculptured front doors. 

Hom ecraft houses in­ clude a choice of shag or sculptured nylon carpet iii bedrooms and formal living and dining areas. Two full ceram ic tile baths have marble dressing vanities with m irrored walls, cabinets, vinyl flooring and choice of vinyl wallpaper. 

Tw in Creek is most easily reached by driving north of 
NW Loop 41o on Bandera 
Road and turning west onto 
Grissom Road (F M 471), following signs leading to the entrancew ay. More signs lead to the communi­ ty's six furnished profes­ sionally decorated model homes. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
C L A S S IC O D IS PLA Y 

Quality Homes in a Country 
Community 
F ro m 
T W IN CREEK is considered an established San A ntonio com m unity 
Woodstone offers variety 

Variety and versati­ lity are the key words when describing Ho­ m ecraft’s furnished, professionally decorat­ ed models in Wood- stone. 

The northeastern San 
Antonio community’s most recent models, the Am eri­ cana and the C alifo rnia, have attracted many visi­ tors, as have the a lim a * sonrv homes priced as low as $27,H2f). 

H om ecraft opened the 
Am ericana as the first two-storv model in Wood- stone. It features three bed­ rooms including a larger master suite, and a fourth room which may be used as a bedroom, study, sewing center or playroom, what­ ever the family desires. 

The plan also includes I 
1/2 baths and a two-car garage 

The California, boasting a Mexican flair, belongs to the new housing series 
Homecraft premiered last 
July. 

Featuring two bedrooms and two baths, its floor plans includes a m aster suite with a walk-in closet. a serving bar between the kitchen and livin g room and sliding glass doors leading to the backyard sun deck. 

H om ecraft houses in- 

LATSHAW 
M ILLER 

Development Co., Inc 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

W OODSTONE Hom es start as low as $ 2 7 ,7 6 5 

 toward Nacogdoches Road signs lead to tho eornmuni tv's Homecraft houses. 

 d ud e appointm ents like wood-burning fireplaces, boxed windows, wood ca­ binets, carpet, color-coor­ dinated wall coverings and electric dishwashers, dis­ posers and M agic Chef ranges with continuous- clean ovens. 

Conventional and VA fin­ ancing are available with no closing costs 

All Homecraft homes in 
Woodstone front on paved streets with concrete curbs and underground utilities 

Woodstone, in the North 
Fast school district, is most 

C k A iit t lf D OI5IM AY 

N|W 
.ItA UN H iS. 
;anyo n 
T I * ® 
APARTMENTS 
" V t . I! 
Hts® f r o m 
*155 .o$31o 
■JR .. M w *_, 
• 
OPEN 
-■HOME OF T H E ,, j Sal. IO a.m . to 5 p .rn, 
BIG OAKS 
Sun. I p.m . to 5 p.m . 
8315 N. VANDIVER 
8 2 6 -5 5 3 1 
OFF L O O P 4 1 o N E. 

K T H C IIW 

Senor? 
CitO iO 

C L A S H * I Ct) D liP U k Y 

 a— 

ONLY 
*38,95o upqm IL »opq m 
SPACIOUS RANCH HOMES 
$ 
Available at only 
M F 
33,95o 

(O n ly 6 Homes Left at I 9 7 6 Prices!) 

Plan * 2 3 1 

Your first impression will be a lusting one as you first enter your new home. Your large open hearth fireplace spreads a warm th and friendliness to ail your family entertaining. 
C ozy bay windows will let you decorate to your hearts content in your dining area. 

#2o4 

SNUG 

Mom and Dad can share a special surprise in their master bedroom with separate vanity and bath area and a gracious bay window to decorate with hanging baskets, 
2 good sized bedrooms with walk in closets and their separate baths ore for the kids. 
M i H e m e s 
Feature: 

• 
C h o l® p l Shoe, OI k u l t u r * ! 

(M o a tin g 
• Two h* Caroa* fib Boffo 

• 
DtFhwotbor-Diifiiosel-Vwif-A' 

W oe* s> 
' 
* 

• 
Item s : write overflew* door* 

I Celer ^ te a te d AH Hrtrii m ta u te n s 
L 
/ 

I 
All g r id CofistrirtVtais 

SOUTH e) rt K MED c 
U niter r 
LEON valley 

 n o r th star 
MALL 
CENTRAL 
PARK n 
MALL 2 
You'll be proud to show off your new kitchen appliances, self cleaning oven ond extra large pantry with adorning utility area. Polished wood cabinets and exposed brick walls add character and class *o your kitchen center. 

WONDER’ 
< 
LAND 
\ 
MALL 

JUDSON RO 

LOOP 41o 

656-5474 OPEN DAILY 9-9 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 1977 
Country Club Estates shine 

HOMES in the G re a t N o rth w est m a k e th e optim um use of th e n atu ral trees 
The Great Northwest has recreation year’round 

Recreation all year long is just part of jvhat comes with The 
Great Northwest. 
Besides the community clubhouse with swimming and wading pool. The Great 
Northwest oilers its homeowners lighted tennis and basketball courts. The hilly terrain lends interest to bikers. 

Builders 

 approve parad e 

The Greater San Antonio 
Builders Association board of directors has approved a 
1o77 Parade of Homes to open in May at San Antonio 
Hunch. 
Project chairman Wayne 
•laros/euski said the par­ ade has two major objec­ tives 
— To stimulate home buying interest and en­ courage consumers to buy a new home. 
— to bring before the home buyer and ch surlier new proeucts and concepts in the home products show 
-He said a home products show willbe a separate dis­ play area within the parade she for association supplies and manufacturers to bring before the public the latest ii* appliances, materials and equipment for the home. 
'Through the Parade of llomes, .laroxrewski said. the association will demon­ strate its concern with the housing needs of San An­ tonio and its desire to meet those needs with suitable housing. 

Newest, finest 
The Great Northwest is one of San Antonio’s newest 
— and finest communities. 
It’s the kind you’d be proud to call home. proud to call home. 
As if they were carved into the tree-filled environ­ ment are great new homes priced from $35,ooo to 
$48,5oo. 
Builders — Coates Deve­ lopment Co., Carlos Madrid 
& Associates, Royal Crest 
Homes and The Burns Co. 
— are presenting a most impressive display of new homes. 
All include energy-saving features such as 75 per cent masonry, extra insulation. attic ventilation systems and environmental posi­ tioning to take full advan­ tage of the native trees. It’s a great way to save on en­ ergy! 
To enhance these sur­ roundings, there are homes with natural wood and rock exteriors. 
Even the interiors are in­ fluenced by the natural beauty, with huge windows 
Iramtng the picturesque views; window seats for sour quieter, reflective moments; sliding glass doors opening onto shaded 

 patios; and garden kitchens with serve-outs. 
Besides the standard new home features of central air and heat and modern kit­ chens, Great Northwest homes include fireplaces; beamed, cathedral ceilings; exquisite carpeting; sunken areas; two-car garages; and much, much more. 
Because 
The 
Great 
Northwest is out of the realm of city taxes, month­ ly payments here are lower. 
School bus service is pro- vided to the elementary, middle and senior high schools of the excellent 
Northside District. 
As its name applies. The 
Great Northwest is located in the robustly growing sector of northwestern 
Bexar County. 
Less than IO minutes away is the USA A complex and the still-growing South 
Texas Medical Center. 
Even closer is the Univer­ sity of Texas at San Anton­ io. 
The expressway is nearby and puts Lackland and Kelly AFBs juat a short drive away. Wonderland is also convenient for shop­ ping. The next regional mall to be built in San An­ tonio will be nearby. 
Ifs a rapidly growing ar- 
Oak Meadow is convenient 
Oak 
Meadow residents enjoy a country-like atmos­ phere, just minutes nor!hot C astle Hills on 
NVY Military Highway. 
Oak Meadow enjoys a lo­ cation in the rolling hills just north of San Antonio, yet is close enough for 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY c l a s s !#tio d is p l a y 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

January 1977 San Antonio Schedule 

1o1 
Basic 
Jan. 3-18 
8 Night 
1o1 
Basic 
Jan. 3- 7 
5 Oay 
2o1 
Principles 
Jan 1o-14 
5 Day 
1o1 
Basic 
Jon. 15-23 
Weekend 
3o1 
Practice 
Jan. 17-21 
5 Days 
4o1 
Management 
Jan. 22-3o 
Weekend 
1o1 
Basic 
Jan. 24-28 
5 Days 
2o1 
Principles 
Jan. 29-Feb, 6 
Weekend 
2o1 
Principles 
Jon. 31 -Feb. 4 
5 Doys 
For Free Catalog Call 736-2o75 
American College 

H S I SIMA* / ISA BMOAH) M IS S H I H ' |SH> IM 1**1 

 quick access to NW Loop 
JHI, North Star and Central 
Park malls within minutes. 
Sitterle and Co s. offers homes in Oak Meadow be­ ginning at $53,9oo 
The homes are roomy and comfortable, with such features as wood-burning fireplaces, complete carpeting, custom cabinets. tiled entries, utility rooms and lots of indoor and out­ door storage space. With extra insulation, the homes are energy savers. 
Cedar roofs, pebble fin­ ished walkways, driveways and patios complete the outdoor appearance. 
Financing for Sitterle homes in Oak Meadow is available through VA, FHA and conventional sources. 
Payments are lower be­ cause there are no city taxes. 
Children attend 
North East schools. A swim club and tennis courts are available to residents. 
The drive to Oak Meadow is a pleasant one, out NW 
M ilitary Highway from 
Loop 41o. The Sitterle sales office is open from IO a.rn until dark Tuesday through 
Saturday; 
Sunday and 
Monday, noon until dark. 

 ca, and The Great North­ west will be a vital part of it. If you are looking for a new home, be sure to visit 
The Great Northwest. It is truly one of the most beau­ tiful communities you’ll witness anywhere in the 
San Antonio area. 
Furnished models are open daily from IO a.in. until dark. 
To reach The Great 
Northwest, drive out NAV. 
Loop 41o. exit at Culebra 
Road and drive north to FM 
471. Turn left and proceed 
>4 mile to The Great 
Northwest. 
Realtors to honor solons 

Members of the Bexar 
County legislative delega­ tion will be special guests at a reception in the San 
Antonio Board of Realtors auditorium Tuesday. 
Hosts will be members of the legislative committee and the Texas Real Estate 
Political Action Committee 
(TREPA C). Howard Rich chairs the legislative com­ mittee and George Leeah heads TREPAC. 
All members of the San 
Antonio Board of Realtors have been invited to at­ tend the reception from 6 to 
8 p.m. and visit with the legislators 

This Sunday North- cliffe features North- cliffe Country Club 
Estates. 
Northcliffe Country Club 
Estates, priced from 
$8o,75o to $93,5oo, is an ex­ clusive home community surrounded by an 18-hofe championship golf course. 
Some of these homes’ striking features include gourmet kitchens, luxury appointments in master baths, and double fire­ places with a view from the master suite and den. 
Homeowners have a choice of color for paint, carpet, formica and wallpaper, as well as selec­ tion in roof and brick. 
Northcliffe Country Club 
Estates is one section of 
Homecraft’s Northcliffe community, which also in­ cludes Northcliffe and 
Northcliffe East. 
Homecraft offers a number of innovative pro­ grams in Northcliffe, such as its option program and 
"snug home” program. 
The option program is offered in Northcliffe East, and allows a homeowner to add accessories to the basic structure according to his 

 needs and finances. 
The “ snug home” pro­ gram is designed ’ to save money on utility costs, using such features as solar glass tinted windows, special weather stripping, precision-fitted steel doors] insulated foilback sheath­ ing and an energy-efficient heating and air condition­ 

 ing system. 
Northcliffe homes are priced from $37,45o to 
$44,75o, and include three- and four-bedroom models, four floor plans and a choice of traditional, Medi­ terranean and French ex­ teriors. 
Northcliffe East homes include an all-brick exter­ 

 ior, two-car garage, fin­ ished cabinetry, boxed window seats and, in three-bedroom plans, slid­ ing glass patio doors. 
They range from $27,45o to $37,5oo. 
To reach Northcliffe, take NE IH 35 to the Cibo- lo-Hubertus Road exit and follow the signs. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

CLASSIFIED D IS H AY 

C LA SS IF IC DISPLAY 

Ballroom 

TI tEil 

(OODn to I MDQ 
BoomBwow) 

UPPER 

KUC*** 
V j 
V a 
.mr) 

Otntng 

■ 

Uwng Room 

I 
Ag! f\ 

It’s Your Life 
Live it up, or downstairs^ both. 

We have one bedroom studios and flats designed to maKe it easy for you to live just the way you like. Our glamorous studios feature a living area downstairs with a woodburning firepiace for chilly nights, and a loft bedroom overlooking all. The flats give equal Importance to living and sleeping rooms, plus a separate dining room and a large walk-ln closet 
Whichever you choose, you’ll enjoy the unique W oodhill lifestyle — a way to get away without leaving home There s lots of fresh air . , . quiet nights, three pools, tennis courts, and two clubhouses. 
Pius.W oodhill's location makes it easily accessible to almost anywhere it s only one minute from 1-1o, three to neighborhood shopping at Colonies 
North, five to mails like 
Northstar, and 3o from 
Medina and Canyon lakes 

 flat* ti9 o UWket $225. All bill* pud Ifam mix ami at on 
• lira im N k«U ycvr epannwat * 

Open 'til dusk 

LOWER 

 v tn » « L f mw n n tw f WW* 

 u a A o n iiiiii 

APARTMENTS 
49o9 Woodstone Drive, 69o-17oo 

M o n ey’s W o ^ jV ’ m a D a ily N ew Y ea^ § 

R e s o lu tio n at M o rto n / S o u th w e s t. 

WITH in 

 patio 
VALLEY FOEGE 
655-5931 

Freedom Two 
*28,775 

Freedom Homes set you Free! 
You can say goodbye to crowd­ ed apartment living and rent receipts! Say hello to a return on your dollar-your home payment is an investment (you're building equity), not just an expense! 
Plus Freedom Homes have long list of standard features (includ­ ed in the sales price) like 2 

CIMARRON 
658-4793 
LffKE5iDE 
648-3491 

(9 
FURNISHED MODELS 
OPEN DAILY TIL DUSK 
W I W ill BE OPEN THIS SUNDAY! 

Freedom Homes are close to where you work and shop and play. And in San Antonio's outstanding school districts. Come on out and let us share some of our year-round Christmas 
Sprit with you. 

 car patios, garages, family-size dishwasher, 2 full baths 
A rm strong 

FLOORING 
NO PAYMENT 
’TIL APRIL 
8% VA FINANCING 
NOTHING DOW N VA 
FHA & CONVENTIONAL 
FINANCING AVAILABLE 

 martan southwest 

W rit*: P.O. Box 18428 
San Antonio, T«xa» 78286 
•Prices of homos may vary according to neighborhood and location. 

Evaluate home site trees 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-jNlEWS— -Saturday January I 1977 
Pa9e 
5-D 

By TERRY WILBOURN 
County Extension Horticulturist 
Sould trees be removed from residential property before home construction? 
Or should they be saved? 
Shade trees can add thousands of dollars to the value of residential property—yet home-build­ ing contractors often re­ move them before starting construction. Many trees can be saved with little ef­ fort or expense; many are valuable enough to justify considerable effort and ex­ pense in protecting them. 
How can you tell if a tree on your lot should be saved? You will have to evaluate the tree — is it really worth saving? — and you will have to decide what type of protection will be necessary to save it. 
Expense 
How muon will it cost? 
That depends on the amount and type of protec­ tion. There are no shortcuts to good protection; you can’t halfway protect a tree and expect it to survive. 
You can decide which of your trees to save by eva­ luating each one of them carefully. 

First consider their loca­ tion. their species and their size, age and vigor. 
Consider the cost and work involved in protecting them. Consider the location of each tree with respect to where it w ill fit in the 

 landscape when the house is built. 
Ask yourself these ques­ tions about each tree: 
• Will a tree in this lo­ cation provide shade where 
I want it? Or will it shut off the sunlight I need for my lawn and garden? 
• 
W ill it protect my home by breaking the force of cold winter winds? Will it prevent the circulation of cooling summer breezes? 
• Will it hide an unplea­ sant view? Will it block out a desirable view? 
• If no tree were grow ing in this spot, would I plant one here? 
Consider the species of each tree. Is it a desirable species? Is it the kind of tree you would buy? 
Roots 
Do the roots of the tree grow close to the surface? 
Some trees — maple, cot­ tonwood, dogwood and most conifers — often have roots that grow close to the surface of the soil. Lawns and some kinds of orna­ mental shrubs have a hard time surviving under these trees. 
Some trees — willows, for instance — are notorious for blocking sewer lines with their roots. 
Keep these points in mind when you evaluate the size, age and vigor of your trees: 

• Old trees do not adapt as well to changes in envir­ onment as young trees of 

 the same species. Neither, generally, do large trees. 
• A small tree is easily replaced; replacing it is often cheaper than pre­ serving it. 
• A young tree may be the right size for your landscape now. but it may become too large for its lo­ cation by the time it ma­ tures. Often a young tree near a building, walk or driveway will need exten­ sive pruning to keep it in bounds. It may even need to be removed at a later date. 
• The length of annual twig growth, the number of dead branches and the size and color of the leaves are indications of health and vigor. Compare the tree with other trees of the same species. 
Evaluation 
When you have evaluated the trees on your property, you may decide to keep on­ ly a few of them — those 

-||p: p. Pm P' I ip r ! : 

^ 
J . 
^ s •' 
. 
^ X 
' -J 

' 
\/y 
“ 

Original grade 

Dry retaining wa ll — — 

A retaining w all protects a tree from a lowered grade. 
DoMfn to Earth 

Gardeners’ Questions— Answers 

By TERRY WILBOURN 
County 
Horticulturist 
Somewhere I have heard that floratam St. Augustine grass is resistant to brown patch disease. Is this so? 
No. but it is resistant to St. Augustine Decline (a virus disease) and to chinch bugs. 
I ani seeing tiny black insects flying around my pot plants. It seem s they are coming out of the soil. W hat are uiey? How can I control them? 
Most probably they are fungus gnats, and they do come from the soil. The immature grub or larvae is in the soil. If infestations are heavy, the larvae may injure the plant by feeding on the roots. The adults are just a nuisance. 
Drench pot with diazinon for larvae control. 
What things do I need to be doing to my peach trees now? 
Spray with an oil emulsion for scales, treat for borers and get prepared to do necessary pruning. 

Questions on «M l«H o$p*4ts of town, for4*ii or pion! w a , as wall as landscape* can ba answered la tha Dawn ta torts cobol*. Woos* address any correspondent* to the column, ii biatsoH and net Urn newspaper Correct mollies address is Dew* I* forth, c/t Terry Wilboern, County istensieo Horticulturist, foies Agr .(ult ut et 
11 tension brulee. 2o3 W. Nuevo St., Roam SIO. Sea Aateaie, TX 712o7. cuuwwNa bt***? rtesswKo msec*r 

 i i | » a r l i n f i l l o*o111111111 ii i i y 

I & 2 BED RO O M S 

ALL BILLS PAID 

FROM $17o. 
69o-ooo1 

1 o 7 o 7 IH- 1 o WEST 

1-1o West toko Wunboch U lt stay on Accost Rd. Vt mi 

 that are ideally located, are vigorous, have desirable characteristics and require a minimum of protection to save them. You will want to remove those that fall short of these requirements. 
Remove the trees you don’t want and those that are not worth saving Indore the construction work be­ gins. Experienced arbor­ ists, or tree surgeons, can remove them so that the remaining trees will not be damaged. 
The trees that you want to save will have to be pro­ tected from damage result­ ing from one or more of the following: 
• Construction equip­ ment and supplies. 
• 
Grade changes — either raising or lowering. 
• Excavations for sewer and water lines. 
They will also have to be protected during cleanup after the construction of your house is finished. 

TRICO, REALTORS staff includes, front, from left, Marge Peterson, Earline Lamb, Doug Holey, Maxine Mosley, back row, 
Ed Culiins, Pat Gately and Bill Gull 

C L A SSIF IC !) D IS P L A Y 

B N—3&2oT4 
Tree roofs damaged by lowering the grade* 

Trico 
Realty opens 

Three experienced San 
Antonio realtors have joined forces to open Trico, 
Realtors, 1146 Halm St., 
Suite 118 in the El Matador building, Loop 41o at A ir­ port Boulevard. 

Marge Peterson, Earline 
Lamb and Doug Haley all began their careers with 
Bob Foster Realty Co. be­ fore opening their own firm. They have a com­ bined experience of 15 years in real estate. 

Trico, Realtors will be associated with Century 21. 
Associates include Dar­ lene Craighead, Ed Culiins, 
Bill Gull, Pat Gately and 
Maxine Mosley. 

Friends are invited to come by for coffee and see the Trico offices. 

C IA S S IF IID D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S IF IC D D IS P L A Y 

C IA S S IF IID D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S IF IC D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 

START YOUR 
NEW YEAR RIGHT .. 

COME MAKE YOUR HOME AT SUNFLOWER 

★ 1, 2 & 3 bedroom apartment homes ★ 
Adult and 
Family 
Sections 
★ 
W ash ­ er/Dryer connections 
★ 
Separate adult pool ★ Heated W hirlpool ★ Clubhouse ★ 
Teen Recreation Center ★ Volley Ball Court 
★ School bus pick-up. 

THIS W EEKEN D SPECIAL 

I BDR. W /D E N — $22o.oo M O . 

ALL BILLS PAID 

OPEN SUN., JAN. 2 N D - I -5 P.M. 

 a f c s H 
SMHJHIKfl 
A P A R T M EN T S 

I ak*1 lam p 41o to tho S t . re m et 
••xii an d d r iv e east to 
S u n flo w e r Apartm ent*. 
'J5.r>4 N ort beant lamp 41o 
O W .-1 722 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IM IO 
ADULT & FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
6 9o-17oo 
49o9 WOOOSTONE 

O 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
^ 
6 9 o -8 3 2 o 
C H A N G IN G C O N C EPT S IN 
ADULT LIV IN G 

 r n 

7)2-9611 

The 

C t o m n i a n 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

BFC Skylab)) 
□ 
UFE INVESTORS 

1-2-3 

Bedrooms 

. l « Style by 
GI UFE INVESTORS 

§ r r * " 

 a p a r t m e n t s 

9 5 2 5 L O R IN E 
3 4 4 -9 8 8 8 

 y^ONPDINT 

HOMESTYLE APARMENT 
LIVING 
451 5 G a r d e n d a le 
6 91 -1o4 4 

HARPERS 

APARTMENTS 

Separate Adult and family Sections 
Washer & Dryer 
Connections 

Unfurnished 

344-9771 
35o1 Pin Oak Drive 

9 E L M A D R ID 
APARTMENTS 

• Fireplaces 
• ‘ Complete 
All electric kitchens 

Washer Dryer 
Connections 
All Bills Paid 

6 96 -284 6 
6111 Vance Jackson 

M M T M B IT U VINC 

T e r r a 

A lta 

 f URN 4 UNF URN 
IDEAL FOR COUPLES 
AND STUDENTS 

411 EVERIST 
8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 

—Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

NOB 
HIU 
AMRTMBtTS 

Nob Hill Apartments off IH-1o 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 
© FRENCH CHALET 
165o JA C KSO N KELLER 

THE ULTIMATE APARTMENT 
COMM UNITY 
344-4616 

T h e * m i l o l i i Im »h i i I i f M i 
>t*W lif«»N|vl«» family & Adult living 
Wosher Dryer connections 
12221 Blanco Rood 
492-2171 

O 
EL MIRADOR 
APTS. 
Quiet Adult Apts. 
3243 
Nacogdoches 

LA PLAZA APTS. 
“ T E N N IS W O R L D 1 
• S A C Q U H # A U M I A l TH A N D I X M C I S t C LU B 
• ADU LT A N D F A M IL Y S IP H O N S 
• F LM N ISM O A N D U N F U R N I S M ID A . A t ( M I N I S 
• u n u T tis SAID 
• N O # TMI A S I S C H O O L S B U S S IS V IC I 
• N O S TM S T A S A N O C IN T R A I S A R K M A U A R IA 
115 N.W. LOOP 41o 
341 -4621 

© 
TARA 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAM E 
C O N V IN W N F L O C A T IO N A N O U T IL iM * R A IO 
8o51 BROADWAY 
824-oo61 
8 2 8 -7 3 9 3 a 

° th e M e ad o w s 

Universal City > fines! 
O n ly m inutes from Ran d oiph and ro«r 
Sam , the 
M e a d o w s lectures sp o o o u s 2 bedroom apartm ents b o astin g large room s, patios a n d balconies, arid ail electric kit­ chens w it* sell cleaning Ovens, disposals, frost free refrigerators, a n d dishw ash ers 
658-5349/14oo1 Oak 
Moodow / Universal City 

© 
LINDA APTS. 
2 3 5 H O W A R D o ff 11 OO N . M A IN 
I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I blk. Mom Bank, Lubyi, Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adults Only 
326-8492 

THE WOODS 
LUXURY UNITS 

* $ 4 3 o T O $ 6 o o 

891 5 D a ta P o in t 

696 -553 6 or 6 9 6 -4 5 1 o 

© OASIS APARTMENTS 
1o387 SAH ARA DR. 
ADULT AND FAMILY LIVING 
EFFICIENCIES, I BDR., 
2 BDR., I BATH, 3 BDR., 2 BATH 
ALL UTILITIES P A ID 
341-2111 

M Mf ll 
M U M It 
XI* V H I M I N I the iPier 

1946 N. E. boor 41o 
DFE Style bg 
(Harry Wuribach Eiit) 
Q LIFE INVESTORS 
826-2355 

U 2 Bd Apts. 

From 165 

FREE IV with each lease 
All Bills Paid 
1o7o7 IH IO West 
69o-ooo1 

© 
FATHI I MS OF 
C 

IN N A M O N ,, 

6 
RL^ ° 

9 2 14 Dartbrook Drive 
6 9 6 -o 1 4 6 

4 The B R IT T A N Y 
© 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COM M U 
NITY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT­ 
YARD. HALF BLOCK OFF LOOP 4 1o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL. 

•6o7 JONES MALTSBERGER 
3 4 1 - 3 1 2 6 

NORTHIAST ARIA 
(Perrin 
I A 2 BDR. A T O W N H O U S E S 

G a rd e n a p ii with clean well kept ip o o o u t ground), patio), balconies, pool, wolk to b o p ­ ping, lecture) phi) 

P e rr.n -B cite l Rd. 
6 5 5 -7 1 2 2 

© 

© 
JOarfe C o l l in e 
A p a rtm e n t C o m m u n ity 

T V MONITORED SECURITY-GARDEN PATIOS 
LUXURIOUS (LUI ROOM-GYM A SAUNAS 
I 2 3 SDR 
I A 2 RATH 
M 7 o 2 7 o (f urn Add) U TILITIES Pd 
2o11 BANDERA RD. 
434-4191 
• • t w e e n H illc re s t I C a lla g h a n 
A lek to*) Apartment Community 

The COURTYARD 
APARTMENTS 

IN THI HEART OF 
TURTLI CRIIX 

4411 GARDENDAU 
696-4892 

© 

© 
TurtleCreek 

I or and elf ttw tannoy) of Twill* (nsk Country (tub in not thee vt Von Antonio, turtle (io«k ohm tag* norm, tmptasi, lull W it t Lilt hr in and mony ethsi Itetuni it htwncm, toenhou)*). I and 7 bedrooms 
• • 6 - 4 3 2 o / 8 6 3 1 
Fairhaven Drive 

 l l 
Uptmore& Associates 
©POPLAR ST. APTS. 
324 POPLAR 

MID-TOWN CONVENIENCE 

2 2 6 -8 4 9 2 

NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 
824-oo19 
WESTGATE 

I® Lawn Wood 
An ADULT COM MUNITY. 
All AnwntH.) — On Rut Line t* Shopping - At. 
I 
AAury » U. 
1 - 3 * 3 Indraw n — I t o OO 34» OO (turn * 
U ti turn ) 
UTILITIES PAID 
3 3 o 1 W . W O O D L A W N - 4 3 4 - 9 3 9 4 

A S O * R O S A A P A S T M I N I C O M M U N IT Y 
© 

For the truth, 

Compare 

 iOifeZ Sahara Drive, lust east of San Pedro, north J 
J 4 9 -2 6 1 7 of Loop 41o 

\ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday January I 1977 

 t i 
" 
* 

'Wk 
N 
O 
N 
C O 
M 
M 
E R C I A L S 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

— m m 

- 
_ _ 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
QUICK 
RE 

CLASSIFIED 
B e tte r L iv in g 
S e ctio n 

• Real Estate 
• M o b ile H om es • Rentals 

INOEX 

 ohm weusis 3 
® f 
PKH BOTOS 

REA L ESTATE 

2o1 -Real blote Nettier 
?o2 - Ho u im Open for Inspection 

7o4— Property Out of town 
?o6-~(ondominiuim • townhouses 

2o8 
Apoi twenty Duplexes 
JIO —Houses 
Northeast 

?12— Mouses 
Northwest 

2 H —Hou set— Southeast 

216—Houses--^ Southwest 
218-Mouses Moved and Wicked 

22o—Houses tor trode 

722 
Miscellaneous Reel Estate 

224 
Houses, Sole or Rent 
228-Subutbnn Property-Ausage 

728—Resort Properties 
73o- (els 

732 -forms ond Ranches 

734— forms ond Ronihes for Rent 

736—(ommeiriol Property 
Sole 

238—Commemol Property (tease) 

24o — Commercial Propeity (Wonted) 

242 Industrial Property tor Sole 

744 Industrial Property for leose 

?4o Industrial Property Wanted 

248 o‘fire spore for lease 

25o— Office Spoce Wanted 

7S7 -Real Estate Sell or Exchange 

7S4 
Real Estate Wonted 

7S6 
Real Estate loons- Notes 

2S8 
Real blate loons Wanted 

M O S H E H O M ES 

3o2 - Mobile Homes for Rent 

Looking for a new home? 

 t o d a y s y o u r L U C K Y D A Y ... 

H igh Country Estates 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 

$39,95o to $55,OOO 
Nacogdoches at Judson 

M e a d o w W o o d N orth 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 
$29,95o to $4o,ooo 
Jones-Moltsbgr at Thous. Oaks 

The G re a t N o rth w e st 
6 8 4 -1 1 23 
$37,9oo to $5o,ooo 
FM 471 at Culebra 

• VA, FHA, Conventional • Fireplaces • Double 

Garages • North East or Northside Schools 

C o a t e s D e v e l o p m e n t C o . 
Courtesy to Brokers 

— >f---- 

REN TALS 
> k-- v. 
— 

4o1 - Apartments furnished 

4o2 - Housekeeping Apt furn 

4o4— Apartments, Unfurnished 

4o6-Houses, Duplexes 

—furnished 

4o8 - Houses, Duplexes 

—Unfurnished 

41o— Houses, Rent or Sell 

412—Rooms, furntshed 

414—Rooms, Unfurnished 
416- Ronms wtlh Inned 

418 
Want to Rent or lease 

T IM B ER R ID G E 
Realtors Welcome-. 

SA N A N T O N IO 
REAL ESTATE SECTIO NS 

 o 
M 

Visit 

 the community on the go in Northwest Son Antonio. 

Homes from $32,ooo by: 

Hidden Volue Homes 
684-1577 

Trans Texas Properties 684-o393 

Quest Homes Inc. 
684-86oo 

3 minutes north of loop 41o, Culebra Road exit 

 a All brick hornet 
• Carpet 
• Fireplaces 
• 2-car garages 
• Tennis & swim club 
• 3 & 4 bedrooms 
• Many extras 
• Open house daily 

IO a.m. 'til dark. 

NORTHWEST 
HOMES 

SOUTHWEST 
HOMES 

NORTHEAST 
HOMES 

SOUTHEAST 
HOMES 

- 
— 
■'” 
•1"” — 
^W'-11111 -i ■ 
* i11 ^Lik;-' pnTp M 
N E W E X C L U S I V E A R E A S 
• WHISPERING OAKS • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER S CREEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES f 

By tire m s Outlaw et the Veer 
.. 
I a Htdffiam ewrt tUwiiAjuxe 
— ww nntyrwm# 
• Belli** hills w k ! OIA lr*** 
• In Worth E M t ox Northside 

 ncnxwi District 
» Rec IS sitae s ieee 
• Home* ts-o ooo ie tm,OOO 

Pell* Oerttee see Estero Hemes. Or W H IS P E R IN G 
« ,« « 
Mtted site. oast em hut id. trite*## Av ctAUR 
5,o8 teeter M w . seem s 

492-1o88 • 494-5249 • 492-2272 

R E A L E S T A T E r n 

OPEN H o u s e 
^ 

'N 

H o rn * ! 
N orthw est 

2 1 2 

Hornet 
Nerrtt«a»t 

2 1 o 

 c t ST 

 d 
* # 
= 

MWY OO W y 
J 
C O M M F t C I 

NOON TO DUSK 

Comr see out unbelievable peres et new homes 

5633 CREEKWoCD 

 in W o o d s f o n e 

141o3 SWALLOW 

 in S I C h a p a r r a l 

Prices range from $29,9oo and 

 up Three ond lour bedrooms, off 

Nocegodchts Rd 

^ ^ 6 5 6 - 3 o o o g 
* p f/ u / f is m i 
'*m pr ■(ALTO* 
M U 
® 

 stet stat te a m s i 

8 

 frpARTMtNTS, PUPlfXfQ(2o8) 

O U f - 'L E X D E L L V I f c W 

P e n t o r i jr m, 527o m o in c o m e tro on l prs vs urn O w n er c a r r y C o ll 
Boti 
VAN BUREN 8 ASSOC 
AAS M n 
144-HI) 
4311*47 

Homes 

Southwest 
2 1 6 

Homes 

S o u t h e a s t 

2 1 4 

( g f Ai tSTA Tf N O l i C l Q f f o i ) 
( R U I I S IA H MOT K I S j f i o i ) 

Y o n i h a v e a i s 

 r i g h t 
1 

 t o b e c h o o s y * 

OPEN DAILY FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE* 

• 7o Floor plans to choose from 

• Low monthly payments 

• High quality homes in YO UR price range 

• YOUR choice of several school districts 

• Energy conditioned to save YO UR money 

CAMELOT (Northeast) 
655-4123 

HERITAGE FARM t Northwest). 
673-4143 

T ANGLEWooD/BABCoCK (Northwest) 696-817o 

VALLEY-HJ (Southwest) 
, 
. 
6 7 4 -3 5 7 5 

WILDWOOD (Northwest). 
681-3o2o 

*2 

R a y E l l i s o n 

M o n t e s „ 

CUSTOM BUILT NEW HOMES 
BY MELTON GEORGE 

OPEN IO Til DARK 

PRICED FROM $46,ooo-172,5oo 

VISIT 

1o5 Treilcreit Hollywood Pork 
134o3 Cassia W ay-Blossom Hills 

COMPASS REALTORS 

494 16o1 
494-1281 

O rt 
DUPLEX 

 cit in v e s tm e n t tor *be or,< <• 
J lorqc bedroom s each side Will rent tor over $,*oQ C o n v e n e d ! lo ca tio n 
S IS SOU 
547 mm (HH Sn I 1 
Strauder Nelson, Real Estate 

NEAR FT. SAM 

 i units in v r i y co n d itio n stove and refrigerator included Good rentol p ro p e rly $26,ooo, N I too >26 <o46 
828 8241 
DON JO H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
2 S T O R Y 2 U N IT S 
2 bedroom-,, each unit Oft I redericksburg Rd 
A ssum e or m u re offer 
*9*742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 349 9278 

Be* X I 
I U vs vs 

BEFORE YOU SELL 

M E RH V CHH I ti I M A S ANO 

A P R O S P E R O U S N EW V E A R 

P R O M A LL C r 
US TO A L L OF you 
M VAT T R E A L E S T A T E 

7G7 C O M M E R C IA L 914 I I I * 

OPEN SATURDAY 2 TO 5 

I 
2o1 L Y M A N 
S 
8 
(Terrell Ht'ls) 
S 
Ort 'eat1, foe • funtustK New 
» 
R 
'ltim 4 » l,h your own J bedroom m 
I home lorateo pa a lamer lot B 
Becutduf pool with redwood sun 
HT 
« daft $42 SM f t 
S , 828-6391, Anytime 
^ 
I SmK/tOwml 

 f t 
R E A L T O R 
M L * ft 
Sa rn. few eat sea m . sac %m JC 

?o4 PROPERTY DOT OI TOWN 

B R A U N D C L S 2ooo SG ft , fLf c*ptoe 
55oo Gown $165 m o n th ly plus in tu no 

 p r 6 f e s ^ « 6 n a l Of ft c t • u i 'L i r 
IN G SuDuro* ot * on «fis City in dependence 
Mo $75ooo WtH trade us d o * n p a y m e n t on vo< o u t rf our ■1 r -sr go in q p usltteii Mo ii uh inquiries to juv t i its. .. it, Lulm u t e a - 'Dojo 

 i de m o use s 

LOW EQUITY 
NORTHWEST 
SS SDD moves you in I I'd J th 
Tena Nm Eton 

WOODBRIDGE 

BEAUTY 
NORTHEAST 
3 bedroom. 3 > hath plus 74x1/ living room with fuepicie 

Nites 655-9536 
CENTU RY 21 
HAP RESER 653-6112 
1o6o8 Perrin Beri,| 

Htiin, 
M ort ess » 

CASH for HO M ES is 
■ MI IM I S til 'I I O u i f i t S 

B R E C IA R E A L T O R S 

S CASHS 

924 43 i I 
— 
H U G H E S A n R I SCOK 
C ts * for four North*!## equity 

Home Buyer Coosuitants, Inc 

SO"' e l l , . X I , .f it 7§J f t 

P O R f RCI* E S S I O N A l 
C O U N 
S t L I N C r OK i * . N I N j Y O U R 
H O M E HURC H A-.E 
C A L L M O M S 

R U X E R 
C U N SU L I AN 11, 
INC 
***-1714 

~ 7 i**T iW ,f F T Z I T w 
Poe Your h m m W a pay u t clow n* 
(O IC w e or** 'due lr coe-, ( uh 
4*4 
SZI t iS 84/4 m H S t 
Century 21 
W A * P * I U D R E A ! T rie s 

MB DOWN PAYMENT 

 i Bed ro om * I t. a ir a rid o a a I Mi i 

344 loft AOB Di p AQUO BEAL TOR 
PiFoPt R T V OWNERS 
Air- win '.en ,-ur nam . (rr gen# Sjfjfl, 
A n y pay m o rt * l ) i 291* d ia r ie s 
W orts R e a l E state 

WE H BUT YOUR NOME 
* or i dun * out S e e « « e W itt tro d e 
344-3o91 BO B D ef*AOL O R I A l TOR 

 w h V p A V 
, r nome. no do*I. p o ,n eof ly gn , 
, 
Paym ents < * I- sit re I 
Ltovd Mon too m *ry 
SSI IM # 

 r n - H S mn 

A LL B R IC K 3 bedroom I i OOtn 
HO M E B U IL T ON VOUK L O I ti*,VEO ten G ordin# o*1 Went Ave 
S P E C IE B U IL D E R S mc i i i MXI 

A S S U M P T IO N 

.ti, den 
" ti. epliji 

MAC R E A i * S T A T E 111 IS H 
M ar ym unl A re a LS*Sr»>ol'i T o * 

THE BEST 
FOB THE MONEY 
S ii ’< > f t ii I tv o cc un led I. toto i 
.. o n th ly incottxt SSoS, to r o n ly 
SCT 9oo 
I. .c e d e n t loco! on nt-or nu ns rind center, ju s t od Blanco, 
Good linanc mg 344-8348 
G r a c e A r n o ld 

Kt A l TO RS /a's 
W E S T M A G N O L IA iTim't-. fur in turn anon,J,H CS S27,SoO. Term s 
I i*n..f rn,,.: I tj/.ci; 

WOODLAWN AVE 
Good incom e. YI (o mn Fire o io ce i, i ants Dny util , I til. 
Ii nm ih to and min to d n *n to * ■ SAC, Cml Boo 
VAN BUREN 6 ASSOC 
*84 7371 
344 9*93 e J J 124 7 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
E T aT T o S 
JU ,8*7 
EDYTHE B. CBOPfR 
A B f c A U H P U l B ii V IN K IR B Y 
I I 2. a c p lio n c e s , nothing ch * n 
Only S2/S tlosing to anyone i irs! payment rn More h 
494 742o W A Y N E S L A T E R E74 E I2 * 

A HAPPY & PROSPEROUS 
NEW YEAR TO AIL OUR 
OLO 6 NEW FRIENDS 
Dixie Rose, Realtor ond Associates 
A t X m (6 m § IG N T S Pd tciro o m 
J uotn, s e p a ra te liv in g and lim ing rooms, t (re p la c e 
M u ch c nor rn 
S 34. SOB 876 6388 CS* 8o4 S 
REAVIS REALTY CO 

AUTAR HOIS SCHOOLS eyrir aam *, i path* 
(H dtty*aoo 
I , h i nom# * n h lovely r.,,rd*nnd 
Hoofs c o riv e ri pie >ni bed room could be a th i p m . lent convenient tm Olton 
13o 9oo 
Niles, 
IR SSS4 
347 4177 
B IL L SO U T H * RN R E A L T O R 

ALAMO HG ES. SCHQOIS 
Omer .J bedroom home * d h large rooms ot d detached double oarage with ulKiu'ea h dchen 
824 2391 (A nytim e) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S , 114? A U S T IN H W Y 

A l a m o m o t s s c h 6 o l s 
T E R R E L L H IL L S G E N E S E O RD 
M o s n tttce n t t,r i > * it h O U I ST 
M O USE heoted i »ot *4ondsouie 

 quat ie* . n, i f o r dr Od m St 75 OOO 
8262419, R E A L T O R S 
JONES *KIN6 

■I / . m o b iff IsMifff (I fit oue 
1-6# OGU i l l 

 i y w l ^ R S V / S E L L ’ 
■lf ULI f OOff 
H fiOGi u t iiv poy rn *slt »s %222 MO v t it 
* U N I! t f 6/5 lu#1, 6/> QJ52 6-?4 
PO IN T t i l K l A l S f T A f i 

SANPEDRO HULS 
, Petifooms 2 both townnom* *,tr, r.replqt * huge p o lis, doable tm isnea garage slot our and Scopes t •( enent i non, ,n o 
CON 349-1444 Anytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
__________ IN C ' R E A L T O R S 

 i i i i i M 
T u u i 
•I NEED IO HOUSES* go Antonio R e al E store pews cosh lf yOUVL id 72 hoof*. I POV Od CIUS 
-j cast. 349-6531 i n m i u t m 
H i t i 

SPANISH COURTYARD 
oot rn ifie Ii o n f ol flui» f tf o r iy pO<u6h $tv ie i 2 J IG 
(OoG$ of $ 6 fo v e n o Q o l f it.-iGf*G rM * ¥ W 4 W IW pruiyac'V < GQQf I W R E fort* vcjt G 
$og6#9 tjo*£ ta rf I ii v fOOW wttrt tar'a# fir# ujf 6 ooG i#Gor Ot?at«i4 Oixmi $o11o 

♦643 Sin vans Woods 
HCN COMPANY 
Custom Horn* Builders 
698-2445 

TR! LEVEL 
T O W N H O U S E 
F o r th e y o u n g or hi-or* j bede g a m e 
7 . b arn y, t ir e piacr. mirror * and carpet co vered ban. a*’» < oil Ionov to cee tm* 

653 435P 
Beanie Owens Co 
M EA L TO RS W A I J I M O* 9 ll t 

W A L I I M 
W t N O h C B P A » k tucnetur * 7 slot , lownnoueo *in h 
•L'.piiy i 2 . 2, l o interest i i i # 
Mi c o * t qui!, (o h Annette 

VAN BUREN I ASSOC 
^ PTP* 
344 1o89 
*99 oo46 t it i 
1*4 
6>y Ot, 
~ w o o D i ¥ i 7 ^ 
I* Town I ocottgn Super Am em tie* 
IIM t !V*nhau*r 
82**3o1 

 a p i r o k O N E a c R e 1 in A LA M O h | 11.H T , i x es, grid a 
*i i in rf ,i, com l irtobie home *itn 5 bcd' bom *. 3 tujtns and .p o tio u * tor moi room * i*iti> n fireo iaee in the living ro o m !) a torrid/ room pone led in H huhpine m ohooony 1 tre m e n d o u s po 1o und er lo v e ly tree-, t .ira - , ggiQi e ' 
41o4 ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9*31 
Guy Chipman Co. 

 a F p s o x 
J OOO SO lf 1 4 bed 1oom nome hoi. living dm ,ny and lom ny ronms 
F I R E P L A C E ! G re a t kit 
I hen greet slot a VI 
143,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
*54 7oo7 
Guy Chipman Co. 

M 
A 
I W in n H T uq in oeur ooms. 
P c iii ga 
(ive s 3,ooo f i j i ’ /. S783 mo C 
IN T E R S T A T E *2 1 o759 tit I pm 
- ,*• 3 ii IS H 
3r,.-.-ji yon T b o l t r c a r p e r lo r q . liv in g o r e 1 
S tv y u d o * ' 
Sent m o (o d 
IN T E R S T A T E OM o755 til I pm 

ASSUME OR REFINANCE 
.poi io»ii> 7 U u ' , to * n h o m e sn 
I on m ot ut co 
3 bed. xom r 
'i . bafhs pud hi eie* trie; k itc h e n 
N if tried ' i tirxif to r v,ewing and derail!, cull es • o‘,7o Anytim e 
GWoRLD W1oE REALTY jv T i i 1 r t n m w - ' s i n j * 1 ^ 'i '1 
Mony I * Ir u % - 6i3 28o1 

• T S E A S Y TO P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T AO 225 >**4 

BARGAIN HUNTERS SPECIAL 
No down p aym en t to anyone SJO 
Closing cost, 3 4 bedrooms. 'I battu, some * if- git arid an appliance!, 
Payment-, less mon rent 
344 1o91 B O B O ePA O LO R E A L T O R 

( HOMES—NORTHEAST 3 (5T o) 

WINDCREST 

Start yow new year oft in ibis elegant 3,ooo sq. ft. Executive home 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, 3 cor garage. Many fine features Must tee to appreciate Niter 826-7668 
WILSHIRE TERRACE 
Near Et. Sam. Trees, location, city busline. Excellent equity buy. See this home at S23.9So. Nites 826- 
7668. 

UNDER $3o,ooo 
Super buy! 3 bedrooms, 2 bath-., separate living, dining ond family room, split bedroom arrangement, mony extros. (oil now! Niles 826- 
7668 
VALENCIA 
Excellent location 
Choice of 2 lovely homes. 3-2-2 extra dean ond newly painted like new! Call for details Nites 822 9438 
OLYMPIA JEWEL! fxtraordinory custom feotures in this contemporary designed 
3 bedroom, 2 decorator bath home with stone fireplace, custom drapes, refrigerator, separate din­ ing area, flexible terms. 
IM 
MMEDIA1E 
MOVE IN. 
Niles 658- 
1428 

 r n 

655-6848 

DAY OR NIGHT 

 m a r t a n 

 s o u t h w e s t 

 r e a l t y 

TERRELL HILLS 

IMMACULATE ond V A U N T All 

 brick 2-2-2. Formal living, dining, country size kit­ 

 chen 
Fully carpeted, with 

 pine paneled den, T W O 
F IR EPLA C ES. In the 4o s. 

VALENCIA ' 
Charming 3 7-2, ONE LIVING 
ARIA, garden kitchen with b reakfast area. 
Freshly painted ond fully draped, 
$ 3 2 ,9 5 o 
69o-98o2 
IC K E A f 
A M E R IC A 
R E A L T O R S m 

FOUR BFOROOMS 
Bellhouse, 4 bedroom, 2 bath on o corner lot Nice covered pone 15x12. 
Open terms $24,25o Coll 828 57o4 
READY NOW this home fust waiting tor o new owner 3 bedroom, 2 Doth, range, refrigerator with ice-maker and dishwasher $24,6oo Call 828 57o4 
For COMPUTE DETAILS 
CAIL 828-57o4 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 .V 

I B ED R O O M . I 1 > B A T H 
Vacant New point P n ie p lo sell. 
Located in Cam elot I Niles *53 S/o/ 
Century 21 
H A P R E S E R *53 6182 Anytim e 

B e d ro o m o ld r r home Hear T rim tv, SrockenfMtqp Pork SIT ,SOO 72* 
I 
Huisotfte 54oo down $125 mo 
73? 7so8 

C xceetio n alv clean 3 b earoo m , J both *ith iwm g room, tomtly room, carpeting thrnout, workbench and sink rn aor age P n v a iv fence ond priced of only $39,ooo Niles r-SA t964 
Century 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656 247o A N Y T IM E 

6 Y O W N E R feedutllul J jT 'm a n y ex'ros, convnient to Randotbh P f bom 
Good equity and assum e r,sr. >398 

B Y O W N E R . 3 S t 
K ir b y a r e a , equity, assum e 6*1-3534_____________ 
B v o w n er M o n te V is t a io2 W 
C r o m r r i, 
M o dern 
W rit built 
8 room Soonish J J 4. N e * cen tra l air hear M ony e xtras 549.5oo. or 
OH#?/ W ill I man te 49? OCN 
* t OWNS R 
N-1, 
Ka s y: 
>>pp(.. carpe* dr opes 
Lgtnty and 
■ um p $?V VOO f,ss 5 CHO 

B V O W N E R reduced t J 7, valley t orge, a si m c 7 ■. VA, 175oo eau tty r ,6 UM 

B Y O W N ! R • V A L E N C IC 
’ 
3 2 2, fenced, large tg m ny room , c lu b , a s s u m e 
S?78 m o n th ly payments Con for details 656 7778 
BV 6 w N fcR Volencto. 4 I K d ln in g 
Dr liv in g , t a r ge den, c o rn e r lot. tented In r otor e, dub, $5 5oo eau! tv assum e 
I , v a . 
5328 mo 
653 H US 

California Contemporary 
I A C R E S 
Glossed, sloped wood deck calling*, tro tk Ona cut ess lighting fireplace, 
*< t no' mony builtins ore a ie * ot me am enities of tnt* tine 3 bedroom 
.’ b o m hom e 
C o ll to r d e ta ils t i i o264, Knqitors 
STEVE I. FINCH 
C A R E p a c k Ad c 
” 
This former model nome hg* peen tre ated w ith lots ot C A R E 
3 2 2 highlighted bv a w orm firep lac e, am d in kitchen doo custom (Over a patio a M U S t c, H i .it n 

R E D C A R P E T 

CHOICE 
I 
J in quiet I airfield Od in ion- i, iv im d ining com bo * am ity room 
* enc Cd yard NL schools Over I Sud 
Sd ft 
Ju s t SJO .9oo 
E n c N a g e l, bitt 533o, CVO 2712 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

CONTEMPORARY! 
VOO i n i 
At th open - (d ie s and tors a* gigs* 
This i 
I is tm mac utah rn e v e r , war L quite and assum e s. *v mo payments 
LANDMARK REALTORS 
69* 9567 
T o m 
* " O r ™ 6 B L A T E ~ 5 7 3 
M C C U LLO U G H 
Larg e 3 bedroom. 
2 both den fenced Ideal location tis* oo *n to veterans 
M I T834 
A BD O 
494 1229 

CRACKLING LOGS in Hie co ly wood ourr.irty frtfi OffcK nome holt S I 2 Mkith r&Qi f c u U t » i o c i » to urttff buijrtitf ail 
OfferV AM for $44,ooo W*tfi f(«»fOi€ ttrm i 
#i6 J OOO Any limo 
Beanie Owens Co 
B E A L TO RS P e rrin Bedel Oft 

4 i J, too *t- laund ry room, 175 ft greenhouse, (e rm o n e n i out But Id- mg, sto ve, re tr lyer a ta r. t o rp e f. custom 
Of uaed 
Only 
$29,8oo 
661 5718 

C HO M ES— N O R T H EA s7 J 
( T l O ) 
( 
H O M ES— NORTHEAST ) { T ? C ) f H O M ES— N O R T H EA S T ^ )( 2 1 o ) 
I 
I 
I 
I 
F 

TERRIFIC BARGAINS) 
13434 PATMORE 
4 2-1, central heat and on, carpeting Appraised $22,85o. 
4911 TEASDALE 
3-2-1, central heat and att, Ap- phonces 
Priced under area, 
$21,5oo 
4815 CASA MANANA 
3-1-1, appliances, low equity. 
Assume payments $168 or tent 
$2 IO. 
219 ENCHANTED 
3-2 2, 
Harmony 
Hills 
Almost 
17oo sq, ft. Reduced $1,ooo below appraisal. 
4818 WORDSWORTH 
3-1'5-den. central heat and air. 
Reduced $2,ooo 
OB MCGINNIS (int 
REALTORS J L I 
349-6211 

TERRELL HILLS 

Almosf an acre of pecan frees at 522 Elizabeth Rd. 4 bedrooms, 3 V: baths. 

$ 1 7 8 ,o o o 

Shown by Appointment 

SAUNDERS & 

TREISCHMANN 

684-1557 826-1523 

684-5445 

TYROL HILLS 
Brick Colonial 3 bedroom, 2 bath, study, forge living room, separate drining, family room with fireplace. N{ School 
*57,5oo 
MARTHA JANE 
FRAZIER, REALTOR 
826-2393 
FRAZIER REAL ESTATE 

WIFE TIME 
GUARANTEE 
We guarantee she wilt love this spic and span 4 bedroom home in 
! prestigious Oak Hollow Estates, lots of plush extras including a double fireplace, builtins, carpeting, and burglar bors The price is a pleasant surprise Coll lo 
! see todoy 
BOB MCGINNIS 

REALTORS 
3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

 n e t IG M T F U L Traditional Home rn 
SAN P E D R O H IL L S . I B ed ro om s 7 baths, with targv living room, dining room ond large fam ily room with tireotoce ond wet bor Divided be d roo m a rr a n g e m e n t to r (a m ity p riv a cy. Ar t o ss from sw im club 
Build er wants »o sell before 197? 
See this love ly hom e today. C oll 
494 7651 A N Y T IM E . 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Y e a rs ot TRU ST 

BY OWNERS 
T R E E R e fe r r a l* lo other hom e* 
"F o r bote Bv Owner 367 9391 
Son Antonio Hom eowner* Assoc 

COLD WEATHER is here on.) this ) 7 J nos : wood burning fireplaces plus lots of open liv in g sp ore, c a rp e te d w ith go.a 
(h o g carp e t, od e le c tric h a rv e s t geld kuchen, iorge b ack yard * th privacy fence A real buy al $4?,5oc) 
C C N E W IL S O N 
*563441 
R E A L T O R 
M L S 
KEY GROUP 

COUNTRY SETTING 
J story hom e on approxim ately on# ac re beautiful Oak frees, located 
Oft IH 35 North J bedrooms ;> troths, 
2 cor g a rag # poof shed 
L a rg e fam ily loom with fireplace E x te r­ ior ro c k . btu* p atio ond b or b (4 
■ rider shoo# trees 
R e fin an ce or assume 7 
VA loon 
6$i jSJS Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S R A N D O L P H O P P 

W 
TV F 'iH 
P i A f r r r r ; . “ ; ~~t bath... huge I,.m g urea. 7 garage 
St SOC eq.il!, |3I$ mo (o n 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 U7S5 tit I pm 

"DOLLARS MAKES CENTS” 

 when invested in the right neigh borhood in A lam o H at* we otter this 4 unit apartm ent complex Coil tor detail* 822 33o1, nites 828 45oo 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

S3,OOO EQUITY land assume payments on this immaculate 3 bedroom 
Dome with 2 lovely baths, one large family area with fire­ place, 2 car garage, built-in appliances, central air-tieat. 
C E N T U R Y 21 

PR A N K B L N I O N P E A C T O R S 
7 34-6631 
Eve s 
658 2*21 

FAIRFIELD 
Attractive 3 Bedroom, ? bom home close to Pf Sam , sitting on a corner lo! LIV rig room and tam ily room. will consider v a 
SJO,SOO 
Nites, 
713 15.19 
344 to n 
OOH JO H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
F IR S T O P P t R IN G TMI 
On q quiet st'eel and shooed bv on t normcu* old oak . this delightful JO prick I sto ry 
L iv in g m o m w ith fire p la c e , s e p a ra te d ining room . 
Cl (I lr gl h eat a ir . 2 lu r o il ar hen g a ra g e s p rin k le r v> tem , serve m t* quarter* and even a house tor yo u r horning pigeon* P le a s e ■ oil us tar details *24 3233, 826 ? JU 
Maw Sate H ip sailors 
9 I PS II O PP E D IN G 
VV al ti ti:, OU* 
J i.nfli porn *. J bum, living I UU rn (h i ep .ucet. sep arate dining. e«<_eti#nt neighborhood and owner win finance! P ric e d in the 
JO * 8243233. 8(6 7314 
Jazie Sale Hill, Realtors 
F V I ST OF P t R IN G O A k PCJR t ST i harm ing Colonial in im m aculate 
Condition. Hardwood floors, sepor- 
Ole iiving dining room, delig htful fam ily room , electric garage door opener. Priced m the 4o * tor quick sale' Kinase . an us for further a# tans. 824 3733, 822 597J 
Ma/ie Sale Hill, Realtors 

First lime Qtterded 
W I NOC R I ST G A R D E N h o m e 
Ne J- ne* ond in super t, < antinion a most cam pit 'n p rop erty, includes 
G A R Y i i i it *,r i, out' * 11 OOO equity 
.iud 
A S S U M E ! 
(7*6343, eves 
#5 ■264o 
Cornelius & Associates 
I OR P A IT I I- e witn in', 
' netcssory teioy let Ac AMO T IT L E 
CO handle the Deal 227 o2.it 

CARDEN COURT EAST 
J ? I O'* Rtpffric 6 rte Of rf. fo r po t # W terrene entry rtcMi A%» wit*! month#¥ paym ents of $1o/ 
G E N E W ILSO N tv* 3441 
R E A L T O R 
KEY GROUP 

HAPPY NEW VEAR! 
»s Artal yay ll Kl* Art en you see this ad o rortte ne*/ lis tin g rn V a lle y forye* Super d e an Aith m any #■* 
♦fas L o a eq u ity oncf p a ym e n ts 
Just $J2r/5o. 

821-4391 A n y t im e 
Beanie Owens Co 
1963 NE Leep electric# 
HIGHVIEW 
. _ . ti am split le v e l home in Thousand O ak *! L iv in g dining loom p ly* fam ily room With III# mat*. 3 bedroom, J aatrts. 
I$4f#o 
A U / 341 
Guy Chipman Co. 

 m O LC V w 6 d 6 p a r k 
AM b rie* 
| J 7 tH fe ,o, 
• I m o d eled 
5^o UOU ti . o ive m w ail a t ie 
H u e r s t O k # i T fe T PT Ai* F 
4 i 7 f quit c and 
Ni'jthts Ai* «4oo 
•t'U living ut v assume I s t j n 
Century 21 r m e o . Reatter* 349 *491 

 i d e a T lur flr*Y t.gme buyer s Cu^i, c le a n am t t ile d rig h t tor s m a ll tomMy and packet puon 
This 3 ue dr oath, I* i both con be your;, today 
494 5211 A N Y T IM E 
R E D C A R P E T 

REALTORS 

COUNTRY CLUB 
LIVING!!! 
At Its Finest 
NEW BRICK HOME 
Driveway to detached garage in back. 
Cozy up to a handcraf­ ted elegant brick 
FIREPLACE 
Wet Bar in family room for gracious entertaining. 
Walk to ... Golf, Tennis, 
Swimming, 
At unbe­ lievable Low Price 
$6o,95o t, Please Call Anytime 
659-1261 or 625-9175 

LOW TWENTIES 

NO CIOSING COST to Veterans. 3 bedroom, 7 both, within walking distance of Northeast Schools. All offals considered. $22,2oo. 

OWNER ANXIOUS - 3 bedroom, 2 both, with large living ond family rooms. Electric range, refrigerator and brick barbeque. $23,oo(5 

ROOM for the kids to run! lots of open spare surrounds this 
3 bedroom, 2 both home with family room fast 
Terrell 
Hills. 
Open terms. 
$22,5oo 
Evenings coll 
Eleonoro 653-6382. 

C 
E N 
T U 
R Y 2 1 
D e L A N E Y R E A L T Y 
653-o55o 

“ SMART-ROOMY- 
I 
DISTINCTIVE" 
In Country Club Area consisting of 4 bedrooms, 2'/t beths, Alamo Hats. 
Schools. 

“ MEET MR. A-1" 

A l location, A l new kitchen, A T schools, 4 bedrooms, 3 baths. Coli for details. 
822-33o1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

• IMPORTANT HOME • 
• I M P O R T A N T A D D R E S S • 
Now ■ A classically Beautiful 2 story 
Tudor on a fabulous acre, s 3 
?, 
Hom eroom 3 fire p la c e s C c n tru i heal ob 
Tennis court AH sr hoots. 
R( altar s. 826 2 t i ,’ 
Thelma B. Pressman 
KIRBY 
K IR S T O F F E R IN G 
Custom built home with I large Itv mg area, beautiful bulttins, luxu' v k thcen ond 2 decorator baths Mid 
JO s 
826-o6o6 
Niles 826-6497 
S U E W E E M S A ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

KIRBY 

N e * 3 bedrooms, on carpeted in soft green. 2 se p a ra te livin g a re a s . 2 bath*, 2 cor garage Only S31,5oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 

 f R a n k b l n t o n r e a l t o r s 
7366*31 
Ev e s 
658 2621 
Uke fiew-San Pedro Hills 
Beautifully decorated. 3 bedroom, 2 both home Custom rh apes m any extra built ins. Priced well for this u re a . C h u r c h ill H .q h St hoot. 
Si/ VOO bites, 494 7163 
494-771 1 
DON JO H N S O N .R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
4*3 L IN C O L N S H IR E 
Choice Eastsid e location, sm all 2 b e d ro o m h o m e , c o m p le te ly r e m o d e le d . 
$ 1o,25o 
No d ow n paym ent to Vets 341 8134, 494-3229 
I iTw D O W N R A Y M E N T ma 
. bedroom r d 'a large lot. near f t 
Sam 
SA N C E X co . R EA LT O R S *43 o4*o 
I OW E Q U IT Y 
N E A R W IN D S O R P A R K M A L L 
S25Uo assumes 'he I 1. 
VA loan a' 
H SI mo 4 2. I en I col heat air. hum in Kitchen $29 884 
R E A L T O R 
693-13oo 
Century 21 
E LA IN E LUD W IG A ASSOC 
MAKE AN DEFER 
Vacant ready tor occi nancy, 3 be­ droom s. I baths, I livin g a re a s 
Goad floor pion o " cut de sat 
Con yemen! to Randolph, Windsor Pork 
Assume paym ents of 526) on J 'o , 
VA loan 

656 3535 A n y t im e eanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S R A N D O L P H O P P 
M A K E OPT E R Assoin, s16-4, C tk Its 
J bearm-,. Air fenced ort M idcrown, vo- ant movi today win nacli- 
*96-742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 349 9778 
MARK IV CONDITION 
And W indcrest location a c t lo th# charm of this 4 Bedroom. 2 t oath home Drapes, mony builtin*, and electric garage door- enhance this nome th e larg e yard bos m any trees, covered patio and a s r i,a r y fence Calf for an appointment. 
453-435o 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S W A L Z E M Ok I IC E 
MONTE VISTA 
Sound house with great potential in heart of d istrait are a 4 large be brooms. J baths can be duplex or jingle fam ily home High ceilings, fireoloc* . s i* (WO 
M O N T E V IS T A 
715 *445 R E A L T O R S M L S 822 9o75 
MONTE VISTA 
I Pts Of (lying or to in tnt* lo ve ly home on 1 1 acre- 
Beautify! tree 
2 
(•'••places Call far m ore infer mn 
(ion 34, .'IWO o «. * U)l I 
S tr o u d e r M e lto n , P e a l E s t a t e 
MB. EXECUTIVE 
Cl ming i 2 ?. imiM-brig custom or op es, lo r ge fa m ily roo m with tiiepiace over ivtK) sa ft of I. • r, living Assume ar refinofHt 
Hi ted ai $5o,5oo 
G E N E W IL S O N 
456-3441 
R E A l TOH 
NILS 
KEY GROUP 

N U W c A 'lP f c f tfc6 . 
. 
’."pa,-."I decorate bedroom 
> - am nam e with a v mg d in in g room n ip p le 
Bonelet) fam ily room P A t iQ ! 
>43,DOU 
R E A L T O R S k»3 7J4I 
Guy Chipman Co. 

N E W Y I A l I I t EC I A I 
N or th rid g e s m r ye b e d ro o m s fondly sized den, Irving dining cum bo. over sued dbl garage ®n shady curlier iqi eg* pi vt 
CLINT LEAKE 

NO d G W N TO A N Y O N E 
IT. i on blick home, '<-■ t-s yen a tgige trees $'if!) mo 
R O S v R E A L T Y 
*94 778 
H o i t i t E' r n HH c r ~ 
— m a n y e x fru s N I irh p p ts tjiu p . - carpets built mb open K l ms i qu 
M arie K«Hev, *8) 391( (After ii 
Century 21 
Whitehead Ho in) o r 
6(4)711 r e a l t o r s 

GOLFERS DREAM!!! 
JUST IM AGIN E, living right on the fairway in a NEW all brick home. 

TWIN FW IPlA CIi - 
Massive stone fireplace In family room ond outstan­ ding fireplace in the lux­ urious muster bedroom 
ALSO FCATURSS..., it Convenient wet bor. 
★ Separate library or 
*tudy with many built­ ins. 
★ Golf Cart storage area. 
Exceptional Value At 
*82,5oo 
659-1261 or 
625-9175 

NEAR WINDSOR MALI 
4 bedroom, I VV bath home in Pork 
Village Ready for occupancy. Heat ond oir 
Fenced. Moke on offer 
522,5oo. Mights 653 2798 
EAST TERRELL HILLS 
Neat as a pin 3 bedroom, I Vt both home, living, dining and family rooms Burglar bars all around. Fen ced. Only $23,95o. Nights 653 2798. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

656-552o 
341-9191 
691-1121 

( HOMES—HOXTHIXST jfitO ) 

O L E 

4 little bit of Mexico in Son Antonio. 
Beautifully design courtyard with black wrought iron gate. Off white brick exterior, large den with beamed ceiling, separate dining room. Extra large Master suite Coll to gel the test of details today 
Nites coll Evelyn Coleman at 656- 
6332. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

691-1121, 656-552o, 341-9191 

NORTHWOOD TERRACE 
A trem endous fam ily home in tnt m aculate condition, 5 bedrooms, 7 's boths, large fam ily room. 38 ti. pool, sp rinkler system ond a la rm sys tem 
M id 7o s Coll us so we con 
KAVE obout this one! 
826-o6o* 
Niles 874-3563 
S U E W E E M S & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 
# Only $22,ooo VK * 
3 7, central heat oir in Sierra North, oft N a c o g d o c h e s Rd 
M O V E IN 
TO D AY. 344-3 4 71, Kites 341 1782 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
O W N E R M A D ! 
Make otter and assum e 5381 mo. 3 bedroom, central heat a ir, carpet. mony extros. 
Must scil. 
Niles 
65'., 2688 
Century 21 
H A P R E S F R 653 6182 Anytime 
RING IN 1977 f his baby is a winner Ju st listed 3 bedroom, J both, la'-ae tam ilvroom with tireplaro completely equipped kitchen Low low equity ond p rteed af only * 36,99o 
Century 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
_________656 242o A N Y T IM E _________ 
R IV E R ROAD A REA 
725 I WOODLAWN 
Interior com pletely refurbished 
3 bedroom. 2 both, paneled walls 
B v Owner Owner financed 
73o3137, 826 7711 
R O O S E V E L T H i S kT - T teCdM ~ ran ch s ty le hom e ho* c a rp e tin g thruo ut! L iv in g , d in in g rooms. pretty patio. Excellent condition! 
525,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
344 3o41 
Guy Chipman Co. 

ROYAL OAKS 

ALAMO H EIG H TS SCHOOLS 
Choice location on this sp acio us iam ii, homo. 7 room m aster suite down, pius t u p stairs bedroom s 
La rg e fa m ily room , F o rm a l and mformat dining areas. Q uatters in the 8o • 
826-o6US 
Niles 122 )646 
SU E W E EM S A ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 
S E P 
W H A T 
C H A I M 
IS 
A L L 
A B D U 1 1 T his older heme nos lots ot t r e n c h d oors, s h u tte rs , ce ilin g tons rough cedor and Saltillo tile 1 
A m an y w indowed aor den room tirpolaced living room, dining room arid 4 bedrooms In all with the mas tor suite on an uooer level, with a b a lc o n , and tre e Sta n d in g ( re p la c e d ...stu d y o d io c e n t to I B e ­ d ro o m a d o w n s t a ir * g a m e room un set in 
O LD 
A LA M O 
HE IG H TS 
R E A L T O R S 
824 9611 
Guy Chip an Co. 

SPACE and CHARM 
A LA M O HG TS SCH O O LS 
Custom butt! brick, I year om. with c h a rm , s p a cio u s ro o m s, fo rm a l o ilin g , sepor ate liv in g , (a n n iv . 
3 2.-3 *24 46/1 
Nelson Cory, REALTORS 

SPANISH CONTEMPORARY 
Spacious 4 2-J. 2ox1o tam ilv room, fire p la c e , o rtis t loft, h o th e atp q neat a ir . a p p lia n c e s 
E n c e H e n t te rm s , a s s u m e or re t ino"< e 
65i OOO Win trade on smatter home 
344 3o91 BO B D «P A O I O R t A L TOR 
S P E C IA L 
4 2. e x c e lle n t co n d itio n , c e n tro i ai- neat 
N ortheast Schools 
N ear shopping center Vacant 

C e n t u r y 21 

6>3 8131 bill Park in * Rtty 826 5327 

Start The New Year Right 
Bv avoiding < tty taxes vee. you ca-> own this 3 bedroom. ? bat'- nome in on Ideal tot ution in the mid JO s 
656 3ooo Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
R L Al TO RS Pe rrin Bedel Ort 

FERRELL HILLS 
*'• must see perfect for large (am ity, 
4 bedrooms, 3 baths, central ru>o» air, p lo t t'r r p lo tc 
I a rge heated 
POOL s p rin k le r system i?4 4521. 
I des 674 o741 
Turner Realty 

UNBELIEVABLE 

On ludo, * m arx#' you tan still buy a I bedroom / both, b fir, home ut 
A lam o Heights 5choi D is trict tor only 626 '5o ( entrol heat and air 
Builtin stove refi .aerator 
Assume 
VA loon or refmant e I h a or . A 
826 o*o6 Nile* 82* /»»6 
S U E W E E M S A ASSOC 
KIT GROUP 

W IN D SO R P A R K M A L L A R E A 
No down a n y o n e ' 3 4 b ed room *, some appliances N E schools 
1st 
Paym ent M arch 77 
222 9*1* ]4 Hr*. T E R R A R E A L T Y 

WINDCREST BY OWNER 
Corge 4 bedroom home, side entry ciornae. hill country view from rear patio 25oo sa It. IOO stone. Lcirq.- 

;#■’ T v 
Appt 

YOUR SEARCH ENDS 
Spacious 4 bedroom , • larg e den with fireplace plus storage building and p r iv a c y fen ced y a rd Q uick possession in Popular Old Farm 
824-2391 (A n y tim e ) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S , 1142 A U S T IN H W Y 
Z Z ZZ ZZ ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ27 
CAN Y O U B E L I E V E O N L Y $5oo down for this 3 bedroom in Po rk 
V illag e, paym en ts *345. 675-1693, 
674-48o9, 623 577o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

21?-HOMES NORTHWEST 

^AA^AATAAAAAK^AAAAAAAA‘ 
L o v e ly 3 > I. a ir. a o p iiq n c es, in 
Westwood Village. Only $2oo down, paym ents St84. 675-3691, 673 o352. bl4 48o9. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

ABOUT S2o is oil the cash yon will need, onyone can quality .3 4 bedrooms, ? baths, some with oir rind rjpplioncev I irs* payment M arch 77 
344-3o91 B O B De PA O LO R E A L T O R 
A C O U N T R Y E S T A T E on 
; 
. , u e res .ru s tic b ut. c h i c 1 W ith a huge, tireoloced living room, son ken dining room ond lovely den 
5 bedrooms (or 4 plus study) 
Com oletelv remodeled and refurbished 1 
Guesthouse and stables rock patio w ith B B Q an d b e a u tifu l tr e e s galore: Offered ot $16o,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
344-3o41 

% ACRE 
CASTLE HILLS im m aculate 
M ove in ready 3 bo droom. 2 bath surrounded by la rge trees. L a rg e p a rty b u ild ing pius workshop and storage bufidin*) 
Vera M iller, 344 2341, 344 8843 
B O B JO N E S R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

A DOG’S OSG 
This house Is read y p itytu i' How­ ever, with some tender loving ta re it could be G R f AT I In Aliena VII loge, only $14,5oo. 

828-6391 Anytime 
Beanie Owens Co 
1oo3 N E Loop 41o Office 
A” Oft E A T buy 
3 bedroom - , 1 . b a th *, liv in g ro o m + d e n . $3,572 eauity $153 mo Coll 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 til 8 pm 

A L L B R IC K 
3 7 7. heme fam ily room. fireplace, 
OII builtin * E x tra larg e lot 
Near 
Mea Center 
Don t miss tins 
Cud 
Pappy 
68**444 
N ile* *84-o115 
TERRILL REALTY 

R E A L T O R S 
__________________M LS 

A LO T of space tor so bilic 
3 tie d ro o m » * s tu d y or 
4th b t drnom ■* den $17,5oo Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
A N I^ E B A C H f K L O P S P A D . u droom s, ?' ■ baths. ? Sto ry tow- house, appliance- 
Nothing dow first paym ent in M arch 
69*742o W A Y N E S LA re R *84 6ti 
B E Ad ON H IL L 
2 bedroom, I co r, oh terms 
277 o227 W ATSO N A SON 
73? 2( 
B E A U T I F U L 
4 2 2 in 
T w i t 
C R E E K 
H a s ap p lia n ce s ca rp e frug out, F IR E P L A C E 
I ess th e 
$18oo to get rn h u R p v 
Great Am ertco Realtors 698 »8o2 
T 
T B E F R d b M H O M E5 
Hollywood Pork E lent C reek 
Gene 
Floig 
Custom 
Buitdi 
__________ 
733 o261 

6 BEDROOMS 

F or the iavqe I am ity Attractive story With ) OOO P L U S sq ti at Ho space' Well! located in Dreomiui 
Oak*, Churchill Hi area $49 75o 

A BEAUTIFUL PARCEL 
Ot property in Oak G len P a r* I custom bunt 4 bed room 
I stoi 
' t tV r * ° kin<* home" 7 95o sq d 

141-3493 nit#* 715 1787 
684 41 
G E O R G E F LO O D Realtor 
R.E. AMERICA 
4 BEDROOMS 337.58o 

N O R T H E A S T SC H O O LS 
N ear C o lonial Milt* and W onder land. Churchill Hi D istrict 2 stem with one lin n # Oleo, nice tenet. yard with tree* M I /JOI 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

BEDI OF BOTH WORLDS 
■ un be yours. Home ownerstnp c bb m aintenance hying A r hgy lovely Condo s m the Churchill c t. isenhowt-r A rea P f iced ti urn to SO «, All 3 a re prof Neony gi aw ays Cult for d etail*i 
SiG 

B E T W E E N M I O S C H O O L Al 
UTSA. 3 2 2, appliances, carpel. down, VA, vacant, move today 
*96 7426 W A Y N E 6L A I E R 674 6 

1oo°sBRICK 
3 b e d ro o m . 2 tile b ath . fr pointed, new air, finished gc formed d ining, b e am e d d r spacious living Assume SI 7 I 
SA N D ISO N R E A L T Y 
». fa ' G A M S. i ii-dfogm f 
HUQ pit p atio w ith fount!, 
Clinton boer mono, lor y, rt st de on c ut de SOC 
5 lO.Oli w f tin 2 ' Ii 
B y O w ner . . . . w fire p la c e wet b g ,, w, shed pr I vg< y te n e t neighborhood e n o3o 

• tempo 

B Y O W N E R 
E X T R A N K E 2 year uh) ho bedroom * ? bath low eg, a , interest *oi« Stillwater 
Cod a 
P rn **4 84V 2 
B v owner 3 ? 7 T T F qr,tu\( 
T ow Hey Oak v by gut m ,>v 

BY OWI 
J ? 2 In 4 or est Oak urea wdh fireplace pgho. fenced yQ1 
684 1278. 

^ i^ C O G D t r e W s V ..rte) , arm. od, big fenced yard Less than Si$o move in cost No paym ent (ii M arch 
Great A m erica ti ta ile rs «** **&2 
~ O N T Y - t? (l f l i 'H T<fA n Y O H E •• 
J or 4 bedroom*, range, grid refrig included 122 SEU, Gilbert, KegHgrs 

 lv e r t i$ in g 

Open Monday thru Friday 8 A.M. to 5:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES! 
Monday Thru Thursday 
5 OO P M For Foflowing Day 
Fndoy Ii3 o for Saturday 
Friday 5 P M for Sunday 
Friday 5 3o P M For Monday 
CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 
Cancellations and Corrections can be made 
Monday thru Friday 8 A M 'til 5 3o P.M. 

FN* fxprpss N ew s Corp accepts responsibility h r errors the hrs! d a y of p ublication only. 

15832956 

^HOMES— NORTHWEST ^ 
I CHOMIS-NOtTHW lST j f f i l j ) 

I r 
I 
I 

WHEEL AND DEAL! 
258 FENNEL 
DHIview. 
Needy house needs some point end lots ol ILC. 3 bedrooms, over 14oo sa fi tor 
S?o OOO 
3o1o GREEN ACRES 
3 2, beautifully remodeled tm mediate occupancy $26,ooo 
161o W. HOLLYWOOD 
2 >, cute and deon, and ready to live in. SI 7 OOO 
16o4 W. HOLLYWOOD 
Duple* 
Home plus income 
$22,5oo. 
BULVERDE-3 ACRES 
4 bedroom home. Equipped ice house Reduced $1o,ooo 
SOUTHWEST 
6818 BRAVO VALLEY 
4 2 2. remodeled, appliances. No down tor Vets, $28,9oo 

BOB MCGINN* 

S T O P ! 

LAUREL HILLS 
Close to everything in 
Turtle 
Creek! 
3 bedrooms, 
2 baths separate living and dining 
FIRIPI.ACED 
FAHMY 
ROOM, in­ tercom Workshop tot dad. NFW 
LISTING $48,9oo 

SPLIT LEVEL 
Gorgeous 4-2W 2 on wooded lot, choice location! formal living and dining, den with corner fireplace looks onto ceder deck 
GAME 
ROOM' $26,5oo. 
6 9 o -9 8 o 2 
GREAT u 
A M E R IC A 

B E L L V IE W 
NE W ON M A R K E T , 3 b cdt oom s. I both, huge patio, good kitch en . VA 
FH A OK. SI9.5oo 
R E A L T O R 
491 13oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A ASSOC 

BY O W NER 
? m i lr o u i (J IS A . ? b lk s E lorn school 
B abcock N o rth 
L u x u rio u s 
Townhoine, 2 bedroom s, ?’ . baths, c a r p e te d , c e n t r a l a ir , a il a p u liances 
R efinance or assum e low e quity / V U S26.5oo 691 I SOB 
BY O W NER 
P R IC E D R IG H T 
6 bedroom s. 3 lu ll baths, stud y, de n w ith fire p la c e , liv in g d in in g ro o m com bo, a ll e lectric kitch e n w ith eat ma a re a , in te rc o m system , on ap 
I• ro * 
. a cre w ith lo ra n oak trees. on ru l de sac 
The S um m it. Colonies 
N o rth , w a lk to C le m a nd m id d le 
( b oo ls, bus p ic k u p a t c o rn e r hi 
•chout, near IJT SA, USA A and M od 
( enter 
Too m a n y r» tro s to list Bv appt only 69Q o4*19 

CASTIE HILLS 
RI. DUC I o TO *54,5oo! A ll b r ii k 
I ? i i . 25 ft. liv in g , se pa ra te d ining , huge den, w a lk to Lee S chools, A steal at this p ric e ! Call Beth Tate 
341 9166 A N Y T I M E 
C e n tu r y 21 
H O W A R D TA TE R E A LT O R S 

CASTLE HILLS...... a ll m a so n ry 3 bed ro om hom e on a la r g e lo t w ith b e a u t if u l tre e s . 
S eparate d in in g room . 24 ft den w ith fire p la c e N ear M ount S acred H e art a n d Lee H i S chool 
R E A L T O R S l l 22o1, P ile s 312 o879 
A sk to r 
V IR G IN IA N IE N D O R F f 

J OHN FLOURNOY IMC 

C A S T L E H IL L S A tr iu m H om e 
' tone fire p la c e fenced wooded lot. 
• SM .oo. 3TV ' 17.1 b y O W N f R 

M agnify f ic o p ia t e 
I legant 
69* 6,38 

CHARTER OAKS m ale liv in g a re g w ith 
! B e d ro o m , I b a th 
By 
O w ner, 
S6/.5oo 

C H U R C H IL L 
H IG H .. lo v e ly 
I re a c h s ty le h o m e w ith a m a r v e lo u s m a s te r s u ite d o w n s ta irs 
I b e d ro o m s u p s ta irs 
Rn ii pan elin g in the study and the b rr placed fa m ily ro o m fo rm a l bv ma and d in in g ro o m s p a tio B BQ ! 
S/4 ooo 
R E A LT O R S 
494 4811 
Guy Clyman Co. 

C IT Y C O N V E N IE N C E S NO C IT Y 
T A K E S 
N ew 3 2 2 o n d I 2 2. A p p h o n e es Q u ic k p o s s e s s io n VAI f HA te rm s f irs ! p a y m e n t Anarch 
494 /42o W A Y N E S LA T E R 344 o934 
4 2- CLO SE IN 
Sunshine P o rk . 2 blocks off bos and 
B a b ro c k . S h a rp , w e ll b u ilt, e n try halt. c a rp e ts , b u ilt In cook top and oven, paneled den, c e n tra l h eat and a ir . A s s u m e V A L O A N 
F e n c e d shady y a rd V acant 
/32 /9 8 / S TE V E M A R T IN 73S o825 
C O L O N IA L H IL L S ..red b ric k hom e w ith fo r m a l liv in g , d in in g ro o m ash paneled fa m ily ro o m p lus c a la - , 'c d in S U N P O R C H W IT H t iW L P L A C E ! 3 be d r o o m s . 2 baths guu r to r s 1 
$44,9oo 
R E A LT O R S 
494 4811 
Guy Ctiipman Co. 

C O L O N IE S 
N O R T H L o v e ly pac lo os b r ic k h o m e , fir e p la c e i o v e re d p atio 
L«< e lle n! c o nd itio n 
Near e le m e n ta ry Schools C oll ne 

WARD REALTY 
696-1545 

COLONIES NORTH im m a c u la te 7 ■ to ry . J o r I b g ro o m s 
2' b a th s 
2 liv in g a re g hom e w ith la rg e g am ero o m or o « tro b e d ro o m 
In t e r c o m , f ir e p la c e 
M u ch s to ra g e Im m e d ia te posses 
-io n 824-4521 

NelsqnJipy.REALTORS 
C O M E O U T a n d D IS C O V E R th is autor re tre a t Oak tre es abo un d on the lovely o cre a g e I B edroom s, or three plus stud y, 2 la rg e baths, and 
2 fire p la c e s W hat a vie w (ro m the t its hen and d in in g ro o m ' T his hom e o tte rs s o m e th in g to r e v e ry o n e 
J p ool 136' x 18 I. b ath ho use , w o rk hop a nd g a rd e n e rs w o rk ro o m 
L «C £ PT lO N A L V A L U E at S2o OOO a nd ow ner is o fte r m g low in te r et 
Im a m m g 342 1211 A N Y T IM I 
ROSOW 6 KUNE 

THIS IS IT! 

C o n v e n ie n t to schools, 

 m o lls , churches. REDECOR 
ATED. 
3 b e d ro o m , o ne la rg e b ath . 
O w n e r m ust 

 re lo c a te , hides 6 5 8 1 4 2 8 

TOWNHOME 

For $ 3 5 ,o o o yo u can h ove a 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , s p a c i­ 

 ous tow nh om e w ith all a p ­ 

 p lia n ce s. 
N e a t, clean. 
Ex ce d e n t lo c a tio n a n d im 

 m e d ia te possession. 
O P E N 

TERMS. N ile s 8 2 6 7 6 6 8 

6 5 5 -6 8 4 8 m o r t e m s o u t h w e s t r e a l t y 

THE BIG BEDROOM 

In Westwood area will sell VA ot 

THA In the low $2o s. 236 185. Eves 

 call Rudy 234 o542. 
LARGE FAMILY? 

Spacious 5 bedroom mansion in tbs 

 low 
$3Cs, will go VA or ton 

 ventionol Jefferson Hi School Area 

236 185! (yes coll Tony 232 3123 
A ll CITY REALTY 
CORP. 

C HOMES— NOITHWIST 

 r f Whei 
I 
I 

 c 

W H Y RENT? 
When you con own o worry-free condominium with oil mointenonce included in your monthly payment. 
This beauty bos 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, o family room, some ap- f iances cmd new carpeting on love y grounds which includes swimming pool, clubhouse ond putting green. 
A good buy of only $35,5C" 

I ) © 

C l 
I 

CHOMIS^NO*THWtSTl(212) I f HOMB—SOUTHEAST frumtmwrrrwrn MXI ■ n nu nm ,nmxnni.w lr—# • 

O PP W E S T A V E N U E . N ic e 2 be choom , liv in g d in in g co m b o, 514oo e q u it y , a s s u m e 
5131 m o 
N o 
Q u a lify in g $11 9oo C h a rle s W o tts 
Req I E stole, 232 2918, 232 5355 

EDISON SCHOOLS 
IO m in . fro m M e d ic a l t e n t e r . 2 b lo c k s to the bos. 2 b e d ro o m s , I b o th . s in g le c a r g a r a g e 
O n ly 
$12,5oo V A. F H A or C onventional. 

LANDMARK, REALTORS 
49o 95o2 
524,94o 
F IR E P L A C E 
This 3 bedr oom b ea uty is located on a tre e c o v e re d lo t in the M edic ai 
C enter a re a 
New c a rp e t in liv in g ro o m . C a ll lo d a v , th is w on t la s t lo n g 1 484 /7oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 S chneider R e alty 
FIR S T O F F E R IN G N E SCHOOLS 
W o lk lo m id d le a nd e le m e n ta ry 
C h a rm in g hi lo catio n w ith huge oak trees, J bedroom s. 2 baths, se pa ra te liv in g d in in g ro o m s , c e n tra l h eat a ir, p rice d low 3o s. fo r o uick scil 
824 3233. 826 731-1. 872 91o! 

Marie Sale Hill. Realtors 
PLA IR —EXE C U TIV E 
B ea u tifu l, custom b u ilt hom e, ores ti a c NW a r e a , V a n c e J a c k s o n 
W u rrb a ch NS School D is tric t, con ve nie n t to M e d ic a l C enter 
F inane ng a va ila b le . 

VAN BUREN & ASSOC 
484 2171 
433 1247 
499 oo44 

F L IP P E D O UT?- We w ere w hen we saw this e x c e lle n t 3 b ed ro om hom o tor a m oo se Iv $25,ooo. P lush ca rp e t, aorde n kitch en . Open term s. 
R E D C A R P E T 
342 3111 
R E A LT O R S 
494 $o77 

FOREST OAKS SPANISH f n io v th e la r g e c h ild r e . playhouse on this o ver s ire d lot v b rig h t open a n d a ir y p io n nm nonv this a ll b ric k 3 bed ro home. R educed to V IJ,VOO. 
Century 21 
C harles S chneider 
484 77oo 
FO REST O AKS E S T A T E S co rn e l hom e has fire p la c e in open Ovine a rc a S ep a rate d in in g ro o m 
3 Pe d ro on is p atio B B G 1 
$5o,4oo 
R E A LT O R S 
494 4811 
Guy Chipman Co. 

G R E Y FO R E S T 
T O T A L L Y U N IQ U E 3 b c d r oom . both hom e on a p p ro x I a c re H igh side lo c a tio n w ith v ie w G re a t pas s ib ila te s to r e x p a n s io n a nd d eco r ating . 537,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
491 13oo 
C e n tu r y 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG 8. ASSOC 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
34 9-6 211 

O W NER N E E D S TO S E L L 
This 4 2 2 located In C olonies N o rth a n d w ith in w a lk in g d is ta n c e of shopping, school and the clubhouse 
Fenced v o rd w ith b ig co ve re d p atio o n d s u r r o u n d e d b v tr e e s 
T h e ow ner has re d uce d the p ric e to 
SJI 95o 
499 1133 
R E A L T O R S 
735-7812 
R E D C A R P E T 

• Reduced To $13,25o* 
335 Nossou, 3 b ed ro om s and den, oft w e s t A v e . S E E T H IS B A R G A IN 
B U Y 344-3471, 341 1782 
BOB B R E N N E R R E A LT O R S 

WHERE ELSE? 
• N e w 
Brick 
H o m e * o n A c r­ ea g e 
• B re a th ta k in g V ie w * 
• W o o d e d S ite * to r PRIVACY 
• 4 C h o k e N o rth C om m u n h ie * 
(In c lu d in g N e w B ro u n te l*) 
• lo w T a x e * M o k e e a *y P u r- ch a*e T erm * 
• 17oo Sci. Ft. liv in g - 2 Cur 
G o r o g e * 3 7, SOO 
» 268o Sa. Ft. Living - 2 Car 
G a r o g e M 9 ,7 3 o . 
Search The H om e M arket O ver 
T H IN Call USI 
Swinney Co. 

4 9 2 -1 o 7 2 
6 5 8 -o 2 9 o 

RELAX 
E n lo y y o u r C h ris tm a s b onus b uy tha t lo vely hom e fo r yo ur fa m ily 's c o m fo rt! im m e d ia te possession on th is S pa n ish s ty le b r ic k h om e in 
C h a rte r O a k . 3 b e d ro o m s , h u g e fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e , b e a u ­ tifu l kitch en . *53,ooo 
344-8348 
Grace Arnold 
________R E A LT O R S M LS 

IT W A R M S THE 

 b e d ro o m , 7 b a th t r a d itio n a lly 
Ivie d hom e in H ID D E N FO R E S T A b ea utifu l w o o d b u rn ln g fire p la c e ac cents the a ra ce and c h a rm ol this fa m ily hom e 
To see th is w in n e r, please c o ll... 
C all 349 1436 A n y tim e 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A LT O R S 
JE F F E R S O N A R E A , a cro s s stre et fro m high school. 2 s to ry ro c k , w ill need re m o d e lin g , c o u ld be 3 be droom s. 34oo sa ft hom e or J u n it apt. P ric e d to sell, c o ll now. 
H U G H E S & BRISC O E 
924 4331 
R E A LT O R S 
623 3979 
L A R G E C H O IC E C O R N E R lot in 
H o lly w o o d P o r k , a p p ro x . 2oo It. deep, o ver 5o oak tre es m a n y la rg e 
L o t m o s tly c o v e re d w ith c a rp e t grass 511.ooo Coll 494 2315 

LEON VALLEY 
A top lo catio n th a t has the w a rm th and frie n d ly h o s p ita lity one expects to fin d in a fine C a lifo rn io hom e 4 bedroom s, fo m ily room p lus m a n y e x tra s F’ riced in m id 4o - 
349 4343 349 S IH A n y tim e 

Beanie Owens Co. _ 
L IK E N E W 3 2 2 Huge sin gle liv in g a rea w ith llre p la c e , 75 b ric k w ith lots c l c a rp e l, m odest eau tty, 
I I I 4484 
R E D C A R P E T 
LOW E Q U IT Y 
531oo and assum e p aym en ts on this 
3 2 2 w ith fire p la c e 
It is lo c a te d close to schools, U S A A. U TS A and 
The M e d ico! Center 
699 1133 
R E A L T O R S 
534,9oo 
R E D C A R P E T 

MOST UNUSUAL 
2 b e d ro o m , 2' J b a th s p lu s s tu d y , a tr iu m s ty le hom e In p re s tig io u s lo catio n , tw o fire p la c e s and m a n y other features. 
C oll 349.1436 A n y tim e 

BASSE-WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A LT O R S 
M O V E O UT W H E R E IT S Q U IE T 
J 2 2 a p p lia n c e s , c a rp e ls , V A or 
FH A te rm s and no c ity taxes. m ediate possession. 
696 742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 684 6169 

Near Edison SPARKLING t bedroom , lu rq e gen or ird sox 14o tre ed lot O nly s r * ,SOO VA o p p ra is e d 
341 4455 
N IT E S 433 1859 

LAUREN R. BARNEBEY 
N E A R H O L M E S H IG H SCHO O L , bedroom s, 2 baths, only 53oo daw n 
S7s9 p e r m o n th 
N o C r e d it? N o p ro b le m ! F irs t p a ym e n t, M a rc h 
922 17o6 
F A T M C V E Y 
674 7523 

H E L O T E S ! O N S C E N IC L O O P 
RO AD 56 A cre s at H eaven. Room fo r y o u r h o rs e s to ro o m . 6 F is h p o n d s , s h e d s , b a r n s , p ic n ic g ro u n d s , w e ll (G le n Rose W a te r) 
P lus Ledgesfone 3 B ed ro om hom e. 2 b ath , a ll e le c tric b u ilt In k itc h e n , one open liv in g a re a w ith fire p la c e , c e n tra l heat o nd o ir 
O nly 16 m in u fo s fro m JIO 
C o n s id e r T ra d e 
5175.ooo 824 o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
Hr AL TORS SO Y ea rs at TRUST 
H IL L 
C o un tr 

 lent tor 
341 4484 

C O U N T R Y 
V IL L A G E liv in g on 2 5 oak c o v e re d 
B edroom s. 2 baths, e xce l horses 
L o ll tor d c lo ils 

R E D C A R P E T 
HO LL YW OOO P A R K A m ple spue e for fa m ily liv in g in th is ? !/4 s o ft 
4 2 7 
F ire p la c e b u ilt Ins in fa m ily ro o m L a rg e s e p a ra te m a s te r be d ro o m d re s s in g ro o m 
M a n y o th e r e x tro s 494 5221 A N Y T IM E 
R E D C A R P E T 
R E A LT O R S ___ 
H O LLY W O O D P A R K BEST B U Y ! 
A e r* o# big oak*-J-7-d*n fire p la c e a ir. potto V a c a n t R educed-4o's 
WH M A Y E R R E A L T Y 494 3644 

NEAR JEFFERSON 
Im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m , ? b o th hom e th a t hos w a ll t o w a ll c a rp e t mg throu g ho ut 
Spacious and on a d e s ira b le lot. you w ill fin d th is < p a r t i c u la r ly a t t r a c t iv e h o m e 
*37.5oo. N iles. 696 3158 
828 8241 
DON JO H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 

O U T S T A N D IN G CO N T E M P O R 
A R Y S H O W CASE I 7 
. s in g le bv mo o rc a with ti re p la c e und wet bor 
Redoc od lo sell 

M O V IN G N E E D S 
TO 
S E L L 
Spot loos Spanish 7 story J beep oom e over 76oo sa ti G re at blan tor i O R ! ears at 
C O N V E N IE N T M E D IC A L C O M 
P l I X 
E lir a I leon b e d ro o m -. 7 
I u rn - c ir , s m a ll d o w n , S75o m o 
M a rch firs t p aym en t 
49* 742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 6/4 6124 

’ m in g 
C O N V E N IE N T b e d ro o m , s 
Loop, shops, cv m p i ty th in g 

M AC R E A L E S T A T E 878 2521 

COUNTRY ESTATE 
B e a u tifu l J b e d ro o m . 2 b a th r o ik hom e s itu a te d on a p a rk lik e 2 75 a c re tra c t 
M a n y e x tra s 
A m u s t see 
I or d e ta ils and v ie w in g , c a ll 
342 4115 A n y tim e 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 

CRAZY SHIRLEY 

MISSING 
W hen she firs t w o fked lr to o ur o ffic e o n d w o n te d to b uy a 
1 7 7 h om e. lu m p y ro o m w ith a fir rp lo c e . our den k ill hen. g am er aum la rg e m as 
Ii r bedroom w ith a ben m ed id lin g . n o d e tre e s lik e ne w u n d in u 
N e fth w c O neighbor hoc d w ith high re s a le value, we c u lle d her c ra z y . espe< 'o ily when she wa -lied it ult fur under 54o ooo W ell. Cl a ry S h irle y is n t so ( f u r y bet m ise we fou n d a h o m e w ilh uh th o ! u id lf g illy 
$37,ooo, Sure w ish we ego id fin d 

Century 21 
Chacte* S ch m id e r 
654 7288 
D E E R R U N C U L E B R A P AR K 
No clown anyw ise- 3 4 b e d ro o m s , erne app lia n ces I I Q ua lifyin g 
727 9414 74 H rs 
T E R R A R E A L T Y 

D E L L V IE W A R E A 
I la rg e b ed ro om s k n o tty pine den. 
>1o4 m o p a y m e n ts . 6 » in te r e s t fly 95o C all Bob 
VAN BUREN I ASSOC 
484 7171 
344 9493 
344 1o89 

DELLVIEW 
B e a u tifu l tre e s h a d e d c o rn e r lo t w ith J b ed ro om 2 both hom e This a super cle an hom e th a t w ould be pleasure to liv e in 
C all for m o d eta ils 

344 4 2o 7. 4o4 433o 

DELLVIEW rn 
I 1 J b o n e I 
New p u .n l out s h o d 1 
U nde 

V era M ille r 344 734!. 344 8843 
BOB JO NES. R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 

DELLVIEW 
L o v e ly J b e d ro o m . I b a th . la rg e den tenced, te rm s open 
344 6248 
484 5748 
381 8588 
CONNALLY 
REAL ESTATE INC 

H E A T E O P O O L I 
■ b o storage an 

LA R G E O LD E R HO M E hi (a r.m r. loads of p oss ib ilitie s i I ’ w ith e x tra p o rt ond se parate shop 

W E E K E N D G A R D E N E R 
This hom e on I a cre, has fe rtile vc-go to blo UU (si cm., u ltra m o d e rn k itc h e n , study, fire p la c e 
C A L L 494 $ 2 2 / 
A r m s l r Q n a C o , 

N E A R M A R S H A L L 
S T Y L IS T C O N T E M P O R A R Y J be d ro o m s , 2 b o th , w ith la r g e ti p la c e d liv ln a a rc o , s p ilt b e d ro o m plan In su pe rio r c o nd itio n SJI 9oo 
R E A LT O R 
691 13oo 
C e n tu r y 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG K ASSOC 
N E A R 
U S A A a n d 
M E D IC A L 
C E N T E R 
5ee this cozy to ttu o e on established a re a I f s situ a te d a ti en shaded c o rn e r lot and close to schools and shopping 2 S tory hom e w ith J b e d ro o m s, 2 b a th k Hi hen th u t w ill stea l vi 
A s s u m e low c a u d y VA m o n th !v p a y m e n ts a i 57 »/ 
C a l 
■< I ANV TlM fc 

N E E D E X T R A S P A C E ? L a rg e bed ro om , o il b ric k hom e, c o v e re d p a tio a nd b e a u tifu l y a rd C o n ye n isn t to M e d ica l C e n te r, U S A A a nd 
D a tap olnt 542,5oo 484 72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 S chneider R e a lty 
NO 
C IT Y 
T A X E S 
N o r th s id e schools, re d e c o ra te d 
3 b e d ro o m s. stove, rc frlo . a ir, g a ra g e No dow n 
$275 to m ove in. Is l p m ! in M a rc h 
694 747o W A Y N E S LA T E R 344 o934 

HIGHLANDS 
Custom both, overlooking the city. 3 spacious bethooms, 2 all tiled baths, formol ond informal dining roam with tother fireplace. Shag carpets, central oir and heal. Too many features to mention. Coll today! 
ONLY $16,2oo 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, living mom, spacious family room. wall to wall carpet, pork like yard. Assume or refinance Coif Us!! 
DEUCREST 
Just reduced! Back, I VY bath, large living room, carpet, heat and art. 
Freshly pointed Terms. Call to See!!! 

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO A ll OUR 
FRIENDS AND CUSTOMERS! 

5 3 2 -5 2 4 5 

 n it** 33.V39S8 t Veanie Owens 

1514 SAN ANGELO bedroom , 2 bath, open term s. 
344-6768 
684 5768 
341 6564 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 
SAN P E D R O H IL L S A R E A ' JUST 
R E D U C E D ! V AC AN T and Cl L A N 
AS N E W 1 L a rg e sin gle liv in g o rc a w ith fire p la c e and w et bar. F o rm a l dining a re a w hich co uld be second liv in g a rco . 3 B edroom s, 2 d ecora to r b a th s , c u s to m w in d o w tr e a t m o tifs , c o v e r e d p a tio , lo v e ly g ro u n d s C o n v e n ie n t lo s h o p p in g . 
E .S c h o o ls . I m m a c u la te ! C a ll 
NOW ! 342 3211 A N Y T IM E 

R E A LT O R S 5o Y e a rs of TRUST 
SH A V A N O P A R K 
Out of tow n o w n e r cu t p ric e below o p p ra is o l on this la rg e 2 story on v« a c re of trees. F u lly ca rp e te d , 4 7 2. den w ith fire p la c e , liv in g , o ffic e and u tility O nly $61,ooo 
W O N D E R L A N D A R E A 
N o r th e a s t s c h o o ls f o r th is 
G re e n b ria r 4 I ' : I I s to ry Den and liv in g , la rg e trees, o nly *35,ooo. 
W H IS P E R IN G OAKS 
C u s to m b u ilt a m o n g a fo r e s t of o aks. 3 7' i 2. la rg e d e lu x e s in g le liv in g a re a hom e 
A ll the goodies and only $69,9oo. A m u st sec! 
C e n tu r y 21 
W h ite he ad -H olida y 
484-3711 
R E A LT O R S 

HIGHLAND HILLS tartly J 
IVY hoHi wrtk tsptnrtt diNiwf, store root* and p*con 
Ire** tm wk* ♦ewcni tot. Hvrry today 
93o HOT WELLS lovely 2 bedroom, rock trout Nom* Witt* toftwiy room, 9o* borning firoftaie, lonpct arid mort Coll b t dbiaih 

PRICE REDUCED on fbi! 3 ui Aer* lot 
3 bedroom, I VY both mobil* Nom* nod hog* werifthop. loft 24 milos from loop 41o. Coll today 
PALM HGTS. 
Sp«tio4it 2 11 Wirt* now roof, huff lot bors, barbet sin rage shod and lei* men*. Coll now. 

$32-3252 337-4*43 494-5571 
C E N T U R Y 2 1 
WAKEFIELD REALTORS 

H IG H L A N D S 
S W IM M IN G P O O L I T h is lo v e ly 
3 7 2 fe a tu r e s a 38x18 p o o l w ith d ressing a rc o anc! pum phouse F ill 
Iv ca rp ete d, a nd you m a y use y o u r 
V A *3o,ooo 
R E A LT O R 
691 13oo 
C e n t u r y 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG & ASSOC 

H is t o r ic K in g W illia m A r e a 
The dow ntow n re sid e n t co m m u n ity . 
R E S TO R A TIO N S INC R E A LT O R S 
274 4475 

S T A R T H E R N E W Y E A R O F F 
R IG H T 
- 
B U Y 
H E R 
A 
M IK E 
K IN D E R H O M E ! 69* 833o 

M O U S E ■ H ig h la n d P a r k a re a 
Shown bv a p p o in tm e n t, F o r in fo r m otion. 3J2 1186 
_____ 

S U P ER F A M IL Y H O M E 
Ail b ric k 
3-2 2 on a c o rn e r lo t 
B u ilt In k it chun. Assum e or re fin a n c e 

Tower View Inc. 732 6157 

24o LOTUS See this m e r J I I, non 
W heatley High. No dow n VA 
( a ll today 
SOUTHEAST REALTY 
333 4144 
N iles 534 5o88 

SWIMMING POOL 

AND TENNIS! 
2 a c re s in H I D O L N F O R E S T ES 
T A T E S , 6 b e d ro o m s , 4 b ath s, tru e m a ster suite w ith fire p la c e . Q u a lity b u ilt th r o u g h o u t . 
L a r g e a n d c o m p le te ly c a u ip p e d k it c h e n 
1177 OOO N iles. 494 2163 
494-7711 
DON JO H N S O N . R E A LT O R S 

KEY GROUP 

MC C O L LU M HI A R E A 4 or possl tile 5 bed ro om , ? bath. den. co vered p a tio . 8 o'J b r ic k , lo r p c oak a n d pecan frees. *26,5oo 924 7481 a lte r 
. 3opm__________________________ 
N IC E J I I h o m e o ft W W W h ite carpet, d ishw ash e r. V A FH A 
648-333o L G R IP P S R L T Y . 648 o448 

TIRED OF CITY LIVING? 
See th is s to n e a n d c e d a r h o m e lo c a te d on a lm o s t a n a c re 
3 be d ronm s, 2 baths, fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e Just m in u te s aw ay fro m the c ity . b ut close enough to r con v o n ic n c o sch o o ls a n d sh o p p in g . 
$41,9oo N iles, 497 ID J 481-3222 
B H L S O U T H E R N R E A LT O R 

UNDER CONSTRUCTION 
L ove ly new hom e located In f re m 
Creek w ith o ve r IVOO sa ti Th is 3 b edroom hom e fe a tu re s e x tra la rg e m a ster bedroom , fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e , c a th o d a l c e ilin g s o n d m any b u ilt ins. C all Iad o v, you can still pick out o il co lo rs 
684 -4 33 o 344 62o7 

NO C R E D IT C H E C K 846 B a ile y near G eve rs! 7 b edroom s, separate dm inq, g a ra g e ! Low E q u ity ! M ust s e ll th is w e e k e n d . 
N a tio n a l 
P ro p e rtie s 434 o67.3 
" P A M P E N A M E E N T S ---------- 
L ike n e w 1 3 b edroom s, re d e co ra t eel, C o ly $2oo dow n. *169 m o n th ly 
N O C R E D IT >■> NO P R O B L E M " 
922 17o6 
P A T M C V E Y 
674 7123 
P LE A S A N T O N R D A R E A 
O ld e r 2 b e d ro o m h o m e . la fenced lot w ith pecan trees 
O nly 
$17,5oo 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 MOI 
36o? SO o l i v e i i HOO e q u ity and m ove in this 4 7 2, c e n tra l heat a ir n o a u a irtv m g Call today 
SOUTH EAST REALTY 
333 4144__________ 
N iles 333 6143 
W A LK TO SAM HO U STO N H IG H 
.le a n 3 b e d ro o m s , g o ia c ie 
V et need U IS . 1st pm f M a rc h $145 m o 
496 747o W A Y N E S L A T E R 344 o936 

UNIVERSITY HILLS im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th , 7 liv in g a re a hom e. B u ilt a ro u n d O ak) 
T reed c o u rt y a rd U n d e r *45.ooo 
C all 349 1436 A n y tim e 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

 a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a A A A 
R A IN B O W M IL LS . 3 2 1. new p ain t o n ly *25o d o w n , p a y m e n ts $72o 
6/51691. 623 572o. 6/4 48o9 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S TA TE 
A B A R G A IN IN IN D IA N f^REfc K 
O nly 5134 m a Co/v 7 b ed rm s. cen t a ir heat O nly $2o to m o ve in 
694-747o W A Y N E S LA T E R 674 4126 

ABOUT S2o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 1 9 7 7 

HOMB— SOUTHWEST 

LOTS OF SPACE 
For th* money1 4 bedroom. ? both. huge nun ter wile. sepcrotf hymb end tamrty rooms 4,sump 6 ? KT note or BUT NO DOWN V* on open fermi, of S25.5oO 
IDEAL FOR THE YOUNG 
Starters. 3 bedroom, I both with qorage, central air heat, nice shod ed lot und older honte with w e set ting VA at appraised at STO,OOO 
BUY NO DOWN Move in today' 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
HODSOOM A ASSOC 
KEY G R O U P INC. 

SU N M AN PROPERTY 
SUBURBAN PROPERTY) © 

FOS THE NEW YEAR large fomily home in Adams Nill 4 bedrooms. 
2 boths with double qoroge fully carpeted and loaded 
Sp in terms 
THIS IMMACULATE 
3 bedroom, I VS both bos (us! been freshly pointed. Immediate movein with low, LOW eauity. A bargain buy in Westwood Village 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
HODSDON & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP INC. 

N e a r S to n e w a ll L io n i 
N ic e 3 be drponv co rn e r lot $11,ooo 
9744525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 

R E C E N T L Y M A R R IE D ? 
E xce lle n t 'ta r te r hom e 3 b edroom , c e n tra l h e a t o ir . ra n g e , c o v e re d patio. Close to L a c k la n d and K elly 
No down to V ets and A c tiv e D oty 
$19,oo(1 N iles co ll B ill 696 7R?6 
C E N T U R Y 21 
K e lly L o c k la n d R ealty 
674 1211 
A L L E Y H I 
B A R G A IN 
J be­ d ro o m s , a p p lia n c e s , g a ra g e , no dow n p a y m e n t. L a s t one w ith $2o closing cost 
696-742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 344 o936 
V A L L E Y HI N O R TH 
L o rq o 3 b e d ro o m h o m e , 2 b a th . double g a ra g e Fenced lo! w ith lots of trees Coll to d a y ' 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 
W A L K TO L A C K L A N D S B A C K 
G A T E 
3 bed ro om s. 2 b ath s Noth m g dow n 
$25o c lo s in g cost 
F irs t p aym en t in M a rch 
696 742o WAV N E S L A T E R 684 6169 
W E S T W O O D V IL L A G E S U P E R 
B U Y " 3 b e d ro o m s , liv in g ro o m . dining ro o m and huge fa m ily room . 
$19 OOO w ith no down VA. C all n o w 1 
674 5411 
R E D C A R P E T 
W H Y R E l i t W it F N Y O U C A N 
B U Y . a b e a u tifu l I o r 4 b e d ro o m hom e. a tta ch e d g a ra g e , som e w ith appliances No down to anyone 
H U G H E S A BRISCOE 
924 4331 
R E A LT O R S 
333 9358 
•277 W J E W E L * 
N ear K e n n ed y Hr. N ice and neat 
C o m p le te ly re m o de le d , J b ed ro om hom e 
R A N C R E ST 
R E A L T Y 
433 6676. 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

DEVINE REALTY 
D e v in e , T e x a s 
I 663 4558 
S A Direct Line 626 12oo 
71 AC Lots o l G A M E . t i ol Boerne good buy at only $7oo a ac re 
732 66o7 H 
C a ille R e a lty 492 9436 
A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
NW of San A ntonio ie B e x a r. C am al, 
K endall Co s I 18 a c re s or M o re 
DON SMITH CO 
698 744o 
B R O K E R 
698 2261 

A C R E A G E H O M E S IT E S 
B u lv e rd e area, Oak V illa g e N orth b e a u tifu l tre e s , p a v e m e n t, u til 
I 1o9 ac res V U 94 m o C all A nnette 
VANUDEN A ASSOC 
684/171 
J44 1o89 
6V9 oo66 
A rr*»ag«*frcR ts sm a ll dow i m onthly, b e a u tifu l Oaks, no cento?. Coil M agee 14? *$16 

^ ACRE 
15 m inu tes N o rth of N o rth S tar M u ll 
Oak tre e s, goad soil 
H id C o u n try u tilitie s a v a ila b le $219$, n o s do 
$4o 56 m o n th 5 ye ars at 8 in te re st la k e c r o ft Real E state. 494 1419 or 
142 18o8 
17 A cres at $695ocre o ff 781. P re tty oaks, ext c lie n t h un ting . J im A shley 
Real E state 684 4776 
IO A cres I of B lanco, s m a ll hoi good top s o il. n ice tre es 
J im A sh ley, Real E state 684 47/6 

WE ST A V E A re a . C le a n $1,95o down, no Q u a lify in g ! E a u ity C A S H !* 
Save *3oo. good s ite ro o m s ! C h ain lin k F e d e ra l P ro p e rtie s 734 6616 

Is a ll the cosh you w ill need, anyone con q u a lity . 3 4 b edroom s. 7 b a in som e w ith a ir and a pp lia n ces, firs t paym en t M a rc h I t . 
S32-S251 BOB D eP A O LO RE ACTO R 

5.3 ACRES 

W E S T W O O D V IL L A G E A R E A 3 bedroom s, n ice! O nly 12oo dow n, 
$165 m o n th . N o C re d it? No p ro b 
'e m ! F irs t p a y m e n t M a rc h 
927 17o6 
RAT M C V E Y 
674 7121 

BARGAIN HUNTERS 
2 b edroom , c o m p le te ly re n o v a te d , c o n v e n ie n t to b u s , s c h o o ls , a n d shopping c e n te rs E asy te rm s , M u st sec to a pp re c ia te 
FR A N K R 
G O N Z A LE S , R e a lto rs, 
921 $911 

I t tr re g 
WHISPERING OAKS c liv e a ll br ir k s m a ll 
UK b ric k s in g le liv in g 
1 hom e s ittin g o n a beno oded lot L a r ge isla n d e p ia i e In lo m iiy fo r deck 
*63. VOO. n 

N O R TH E A S T SCHOOLS 
Super 4 2 2. huge den w ith fire p la c e plus liv in g , co ve re d p atio , fa n ta stic ya rd . pc iv o ry fence Cut to SJO,9oo 
Assum e or new loon 
O VE R AN ACRE 
I ■ ((p h o n a l p ro p e l tv Out B a n d e ra 
Rd. F u liy la rp e te ri 3 2 i i. big den nnd liv in g H uge ra v e le d p atio , tots of tire s Nu o tv taxes C o rg i down and assum e or new loon 
C O U N T R Y ESTA TE 
OH H gusm gn Rd near U I SA on I g irn s 
4 J . 2 H tu fc d POOL te n n is 
I o u r! a n d h o r see un O w n er Iro n s leered 
M ost sell I Isl al e x tra s in a ffile Call I O D A Y ' 
C e n tu ry 21 

H o lly w o o d P o rk B v o w n e r. I 2 2 w ith study. 2ox 1o c a th e d ra l c e ilin g 
. huge g a rd e n k itc h e n 
L a rg e ja r ope fenced 152 5oo JVI 6o47 

HOME PLUS 1.7 ACRES 
V erde M ills H uge s e p a ra te din mg ro o m . I5«?o. liv in g ro o m , 15x2o w ith den w ith fire p la c e 
P ric e d to m ove g ag k tv 
824 2391 (A n y tim e ) 

Ideal Rental Property s t 
M u . V s UC 
I b a th hom e 

 rec ‘day 
F H A apii 

WORLDWIDE REALTY 

IF YOU WAH u n til 1977, this one m ay be sold This 
J bedroom hom e in the G re e n b ria r 
A re a is p o s itiv e ly im m a c u la te 
A huge bock y a rd , a nd p ric e d in low 
7oi 
349 S ill or M f 4143 A n y tim e 

INSPIRATION DR 
A il b ric k J b e d i bom . 2 b a th , c e n tra l a ir , new c a rp e t, a n d lo o t 129,5oo 
SAN DISO N R E A L T Y 
699 92o1 
IN T E R IO R B R IC K W A L L 
F o re st O aks lo catio n , J 7 ?. unusual m u lti le vel hom e w ith in te rio r b m w o rk and fire p la c e in fa m ily roan til-a e p riv a c y tenced y a rd 
Unde 
SJO OCHI 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
C harles S chneider 
684 /iii 

 b lo lly wi i h e n . ti 
RudWOOC 
497 91o/, 
344 3o/8 
DON JO H N S O N . R E A LT O R S 

KEY GROPP 

Bargain Hunter’s Delight 
Lovely /b e d ro o m . I b oth hom e w ith 
I lu r g a ra g e N ew ly ro h n is h o d in de and out N ear Sears Southside 
'U N I 
M IS S 
T H IS O N t 
C a ll 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

WHISPERING OAKS 
4 bed ro om . 2 b oth s p ilt le v e l on a b e a u tifu l oak shaded lo catio n F o r m o i liv in g and d in in g , fa m ily ro o m , fireplace* a n d a s e p a ra te d m a s te r b e d ro o m 
Q u ic k o c c u p a n c y ! 
$63,9oo. N iles. 342 2947 342 4177 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A LT O R 

WHISPERING OAKS 

SHOW H O M E S plit le v e l 3 2’ ,• w ith oak shaded geek, hug e a o m c ro o m . wet b a r, e le c tro n ic k itc h e n , be tifu tty landscaped 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co. 

J B l DRO O M I b ath g arag e m n * to lu rg e fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e gO any m o re e x fro s P ric e SJO ooo 
C e n tu r y 21 
R U RANSO M R E A C T Y 6/3 77o1 
J B E D R O O M , I B a th v 'd - c 'i. f d 
P orch, Oood Business E xpo su re 
G EO R G E S M ITH R E A L T Y 924 1174 
B E H IN D F E O M A R T ii',. , 
> b r droom s, 2 b ath s $149 m o A ny Vet m oves In w ith $25o. F irs t p aym en t in M a rch 
6*6-747o W A Y N E S L A T E R 484 4169 

 c a T h T s m a ll I b e d ro o m h om e In cedent c o n d itio n L a rg e lot. c a ll now K ingsbar oirgh a re a 
H U G H E S A BRISCOE 
974 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
1 6*3 559/ 

CONVENIENT 

VMI t C H L AD Hi. 
R I 
OAK H IL L S TF K R A C L 
>gh on h ill near /A edicol Com pd x u rg e fu lly c a rp e te d 1 2 2 
* i n la te in den. m o n y e x tra s . T h is 4 e ar o ld hom e only $4o,9oo 
C O R N E R B E A U T Y 
JI ro ck in J e ffe rs o n a re o L iv in g oom 15x1o p lu s d e n 
3 2 2 
B ig 
■ees. w o rk s h o p o n d b ig g a ra g e c n tra i o ir. L ow 4o s 
FO R E ST OAKS A R E A 
■ Ira s to ra g e o re o a n d c u te sun nom a d d to v o lu c o f th is lo v e ly 
2 2 Den and h y in g oh to r $36,9oo ow in terest and p aym en t 
C e n tu r y 21 
W hitehead H o lid ay 
484 3711________________ R E A LT O R S 

O AK H IL L S TE R R A C E 
C H A R M 
C O M FO R T 
V A L U E 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
5435 C hortle Chun. spat ions 4 J lug on J , .gum I Jf m al liv in g d in .n a 
Q uick Possession 
IN THE $4o 5 
734 oo1 S. 696 o447 699 oo13 
B t UC AH M AE K E L L E R R “ a lta r 

W ID E O P E N S PACES in o lo vely i or k hom e w ith g g ra n d fire p la c e th e liv in g a r e u 
M r a n d M i w alk in closets in g bibu lo u s m u stei suite (3 b ed ro om s rn a il) 
M an e x tra s ! 
$63,ooo 
R E A LT O R S 
344 3o41 

Guy Chipman Co. 

To S e c u rity o n d K e lly 
L o v e ly I b e d ro o m s , ? b a th s , la rg e fe n c e d vo rd L a w te rm s C.ssume or re t in ce. W ill tra d e 
512 52$) BOB D eP A O LO R E A LT O R 

W INO W O O O E STA TES 
O ff IM IO T wo fa n ta s tic hom es, troth 
7 ye ars old, 2' ? a c re s , one J 7 J. one 
4 ) 2 Both fu lly ca rp e te d , both w ith la rg e fa m ily ro o m s and b ric k tire places It you w a nt out of the c ity , see the se 1 
JUST P E R F E C T rn a ll re sp ects L ove and p rid e h ove kept th is 3 b e d ro om , J b ath lik e new 
C e n tra l o ir. g a ra g e door opener Ah b u ilt in s p lu s b ig tre e s 
A ll to r 
$29,9oo and w alk to H olm es 
L A U R E L H IL L S 
N ear U SAA C ustom fu lly ca rp e te d 
3 2 2 V e ry unusual and liv a b le pion 
F ire p la c e In c o /v den A m u st see at 
$59 9oo. 
C e n tu r y 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
481 o3oo____________ 
R E A LTO R S 

YOUNG EXECUTIVE 
'nm. 

CUL DC SAC 
SIA I ft*o puv«fl£r>Kt J I I, fro * a r ^ ro o m s oh apodan « * 
VAN BUBEN 6 ASSOC 
6X4 7171 
344 1 o8* 
699 oo64 
EASY E AS Y lEASY a u m ,|.,„ u 
Ti 
S ilver A rro w 
I hed ro om s, 2 P ains g a ra g e , c e n tra l h ea t o n . b u rg la r bars, la rg e y a rd , tenced und lots of b r a s 
W on t la s t ' A l M e n d e r 
Natrongl P ro p e rtie s 414 o623 
OSIO F IV E F 6 r K S i * .-).(.. 
J baths. 2 I o r g a ra g e $4.VOO e q u ity . 
$283 m n Coll 
IN T E R S T A T E 828-o7$$ III 8 pm 

 h A T I T H 3 T I T 
" X V I 'Z ~" I a . ~ o ld e r s ty le ro c k h o m e w ith 2 be d ro om s. 2 b ath s a nd den Close to 
[h o o ts , s h o p p in g a n d b us 
B uy e quity ond assum e. 
923 4327 
626 1/77 
Ronald Williamson _ 
H E R It A i t F A R M b e d ro o m bath. double c a r g a ra g e in this nice hom e L iv in g and d in in g c o m b in g lio n , se parate fa m ily room b le a k lu s t nook ond b a r, U X J * ti p a tio 
1465 sq It ut h ying a re a I g u lly and 

R E D C A R P E T 

O FF S A N P E D R O t, uh k to pp 
J 
Im am , 7 both*, gen A ssum e $174 
M ake ofter No q u a lify in g 
6*4 742o W A Y N E S LA T E R 349 *2/8 

O W NER SET 
S E L L 

TONI T E ! 
6/S I 

H O IN TER R E A L E S TA TE 

2 M O V ! 
6/4 48o9, 

OWN I R W IL L F I N A NC f 
N ic e I b ed ro om house w ith fe n c e d y a rd 
$ // oO 921 4327. 924 1968 
Ronald Williamson 
PARK FOREST 
BY OWNER 
2, C a th e d ra l liv in g a re a , la nd s red and ten ce d C o rn e r lo t w ith ra g e b u ild in g a nd p a tio b a r be 
■ 49J 2417 A tte r 4_______________ 

$4,321 is oh you need lo assum e the VA loon on th is I b ed ro om . 2 b a in . duu ole garag e hom e on a large i u ' de soc lot 
C o n v e n ie n t to U t SA g nu 
M e d ical C enter 
It m a y be ? yrs o ld . b u t It lo o k s b ra n d s p a n k in g new In the 3o s 
349 5111o1 349 4343 A n y tim e 

PLUS FEATURES 
G uest house, c o u rt v o id a d io c e n t to m om hom e. la rg e to rm o l d in in g and liv in g lo om s, w ith S altillo the r ire p lace s in liv in g ro o m a nd m a s te r bedroom Morse stabs to the re a r of p r o p e ilv 
A p p rO k im p te ly J a c re s w ith m ore la nd a v a ila b le 
C oil tor a pp ointm e n t 
858-1535 Anytime 

B S ilP fflO S fii 

REO LIGHT SPECIAL 
This w ill m a ke you slop look, and liste n ! 3 b edroom s. 2 baths, p riv a c y fenced ya rd , la rg e single liv in g a re a w ith fire p la c e , o ld oak tre e s a nd ready for a new o w ne r 
U nder 
*4o.ooo 

 g u n has e v e ry th in g fa m ily r nth fire,>••*!.c. 2 c a r o o 'a g n < d yard, ovet su e d u tility ro o m plus is ( lase to U S A A DA I A P Q iN t 
.NO tu t U K AL C IN T E R ! 
349 4 34 4 34* S U I A n y tim e 

Beanie Owens Co. i i i i i m n i t a t / i n t i t 
DON T S L E E P T IL L YOU SEE this sm e lt 2 b e d ro om , o ft B ia nco O nly 
$375 d o w n , p a y m e n ts o n ly SUO 
47S-16*1, 4/4 48o9 421 S/7* 

Ind ia n Creek V a lle y H i A rea 

772 **16 74 H rs 
T rR B A R E A L T Y 
L A C K L A N D 11 T V i 'n f. 

H it! C o u n try V iew , ra n c h e r w o n ts to sell near Tw in S iste rs V I./IO w ith o w n e r fin a n c in g . M BG R E A L ES 
T A U . 877 1736 

I •3 acres 
N ear B oerne A re a. B e a u tifu l tra c t in H ill C o u n try, A ccess to la ke cmd 
G u a d a lu p e R iv e r 
P r ic e S I.4 9 
•-moh down, 8 sim p le n ite r est 
I AK EC H O F T , 
INC 
4*7 ISH 
342 18o8 
7 A C R E S 
N E A R 
S O M E R S E T 
Co u a fr v I*v m g . t o ft 'm u tin g h is 
In n r f g a rd e n soh o w n e r fin ohs cd ju clown paym e nt Jim 
I e rr 884 '.ii 
I 

I A f RES 
N ear So m er ,rt lots of ft eve i.tyo in the t o m it' y . h o v e a o u r d on a m i some* th ic k efts O w n c r fin a n c e d r r t ti O r# ». t 

 y* 
BBI oo3 

S m ith B ro k e r e ll «o©4 
5 ACRES 
ZHI nor In 
SJ/oo lib e ro financ ing bv owner 
5.14 88/6 

 mm o m s 

A N N O U N C E S 
The N e w e st and M ost Exciting 
D ev elo p m en t N o rth w e st of San A n to n io ! 

• Large n atu ra lly la n d scap ed , 2 Y i to I 8 a cre tracts. (Build N o w , o r Later.) 
• N e a r IN IO, 16 m iles north o f W o n d e rla n d . 
• 8 N e w Tennis Courts u n d er con struction . 
• Sw im m ing Pool, and R iding Trails for horses. 
• Situated in 3 C oun ties, B e x a r, K e n d a ll & 
Com al. 
• N e w H om es U n d e r C onstruction 
T a k e IH I O N o r t h E x it L e o n S p r in g s . P r o c e e d N o r t h o n a c c e s s t o C o m p S ta n le y S ig n . T u r n r i g h t , g o 3 ' i m ile s t o 

F a ir O a k s O ffic e O R s e e o u r D is p la y B o o th - U p p e r l e v e l o f C e n tr a l P a r k M a ll 
6 9 8 -3 4 4 o 
D O N SMITH C O . 
6 9 8 -3 8 3 2 

Obtain from developer H.U.D.P.R. and r*ad before ngrm q anything. H U D. neither approves the merits of the offering, nor the value of the property. 

O V E R 65 A C R E S ..n e a r C o m fo rt. 
T r x a c 1 2 ro o m c o h m . sh o p 
15o' w ell u tilitie s 1 A d ro o m s e ttin o to r yo u r d re am h o m e ' 
578 677 
R E A LT O R S 
344 oo22 
Guy Chipman Co 

23? FARMS AND RANCHES 

LAND SAVINGS 

ACCOUNTS IN THE HILL 
COUNTRY 

PARCH 237 
Ciuodolupe River trod, 
154 ti on the widest point of the river 
Deep water, 25o yeor old 
Cypress trees, Huge live Oaks and 
Pecans. 11» ones, building Ute with vista view 
515,ooo, 51,5oo down, 
S146 ?I per month for 144 months] ot 6% simple tax dediidoblr in teresi Prepayable without penalty 

"PARCH 128 - KIND All A, Hill (OUK try in (hoiming German Community, 
S995, owner (morning 

PARCH 299 
Bl IfCHf IM 
Aueage trod with lorge trees Oaks, Cypress, 
Hickory Tern around running creek 
Hill top view for miles $9,995 $5oo down, long term low inteiest fmon 
(mg 

PARCH 134 - BOI BNI ARIA Won deiful trees, view 
Tremendous adicultural possibilities $3 995 $7oo down, good low monthly payments 

HBG REAL ESTATE 
Hill Country Specialist 
7 3 3 -1 3 o 9 

PICK DP PAYMENTS nu tills b e a u tifu l w ooded a ir e out 
?8 t N o rth , on G u a d a lu p e b tv r 
Bonny 
M a r lin e . 
497 1751 
874 OSSO i'll, kun un v im 

4 Bedroom in Trailwood 
N ew h om e on ? a c re b e a u tifu lly roader! tr a c t 
C o n s tru e Non n e a r o m p le te 
B u y e r c a n s t ill m a k e s e le c tio n ot in te r io r d e c o r 
H u ge 
28x32 fa m ily liv in g a re n w ith la rg e 
OCk fire p la c e . 2' baths, p lus m a n y e x tra fe a tu re s to r the best liv in g in d o o rs a nd out O n ly IS m in u te s n orth of W o n de rla n d out l it to 

6*8 7761 DON SMITH CO 
B R O K E R 
6*8 744o 
B O E R N E , TX 
N E W H O M E of na liv e rock has huge w o o d b u rn ln g fire p la c e in ro ck won ot fa m ily bv m g ro o m 1 S eparate d in in g ro o m . ■ b e d ro o m s , 
?' b a th s 
L x t r r i ' g alo re I On a p p ro x ? ac res 
589.5oo 
R E A LT O R S 
344 oo27 
Guy Cttigman Co 

DIVORCE FORCES SALE 
)vf* r I u if p out /HI Not th, in ( om af a w ith wt*tf*r arui Hor tm it v re* o buhd on 
M artin*?/, 49/ 3/SJ or 
OHM 

Doctors lawyers Teachers 
G o t th e t im e ’ r ye g o t th e lo u d 
P lace your m oney w h e re the re tu ri is best 
1.2.1 a c re h o m e s ite s O c o m m e rc ia l o cre aa e on 16o4 In th b o o m in g N W o re o 
In te re s t o n ly te rm s 
L A K E C R O F T R E A L ES 
T A T E , 147 1661 
FOR S ALE IO 4* A CRES w ith ta n *. att H w y IM H, or to v * tro n p a r tia lly c o m p ie tfd p o l! c o u rs e 
P ric e d 
$16,MO 
661 4641. a tte r 
66f> o393 
G A T H E R V O U R W H O LE F A M I l V a ro u n d th is u t) ro c k fir e p la c e In y o u r spacious liv in g ro o m , o r w a tch the deer teed on yo u r 7'« a c re s ot b e a u tifu l h illto p p ro p e rty Y ou m u st see this fa n ta s tic 3 b e d ro o m borne to r e a lty v is u a liz e c o u n t r y liv in g 
496 $271 A N Y T IM E 
R E D C A R P E T 
R E A LTO R S 

GUADALUPE RIVER n p r o i fm o N ’ iy 4 H eros, N or lh of tin A n to n io O w n e r w ill tin a o il 494 *»494 evening*, iv I \t>jf 

22 ACRES PIUS HOME 
N E A R B O E R N E on paved ro o d A ll in g ra s s w ith s p r e a d in g o a k s . fenced, stock tank, stable ond web 
D o u b le w id th m o b ile h o m e , to r mshed Choree b u ild in g site E x c e l lent assum ptio n 
C A L L 494 $227 
Armstrong Co. 

4$ A cre s 
R io M edina, ro b in g h ills good g ro ss, b e a u tifu l b u ild in g srte 
St OOO A c re $14-4711 

2 ACRES S i. 
N e a r L a k e C a la v a re s , m er and (le a n toed t a s y term s, to ta l p r ir e $7oo d ow n . 8 
1 in terest *77 7441 
H B G RE AL E S TA TE 
5 ACRES west B exar 
Not I 
R I A L T Y *74 4S4* 
1 2 AC R t $ wTtV I1 

 ibm 
Oak fre es run REST 

H U G H E S A BRISCOE 
*24 4311 
R E A LT O R S 
I 6*1 SS*/ 

HOLD IT!! bd rh ti 

N E A R C A L A V E R A S L A K E on i M 
B id c o rn e r, c o m m e rc ia l p ote ntia l 
*24 42o* 
A L L R E A L T Y 
533 /987 

6 Ac V mo. S w im m in g , b u n tin g . m iles lim A shley R ealty 

 es $5.’ o8 v ie w tor 
76 7771 

POTEET AREA 
5o A c re s p l c o a s ta l. 3 b e d ro o m , double bath, s w im m in g pool. tennis oui I cmd b e a u tifu l la rg e oak tx 
E R R Y 
B A C O N . 
R E A L T O R S 
672 J7JS, 622 3323, 62 3295 

As a su bd ivisio n or d iv id e in to io n belles. This 758 ac re Ira * t loi ated u st south o f Son M a rc o s m ile ti nm u t ) 
H as alm ost I m iles ot h o ld s a ltin e roads Inve stor term s a re a v a ila b le 
Cub 
M Yv 
Neely 
341 9191 
Naylor Realty Inc 

REPOSSESSION 
No eauifv, m o ke ul> bat K p aym en ts of $198 46 a m i absum e p aym ent* 
1,19 SS and th is choice h ill t atm 
M tf* is y o u r s 
C o ll To m Ta y t 
49/ 3/54 or 876 6x>88 b i s t F t P X N T i ’ m b ’ I. it I V 
Y,j m inutes tra m S A , ideal hom e site 
Ob u tilitie s , on p a v e d ro a d qood es, fish in g , canoeing. Take or 
$64 95 m o n th ly 
M o v e M o n / 
JVI 5237 or 878 1o97 

RIVERFRONT 
3 ac res out ?8! N o rth on G uadalupe 
P iv y r 
N ic e b u ild in g •kite p a v rcxids ond e le c tric ity C oll 49/ 1/52 or 824*2o11. felV E R F MONT ) A F B t 5 l& m inn ie 
• ro m bon A n to n io A ll u tilitie s on p aved ro o d good tre es fis h in g c a n o e in g 
$57oo to $65oo 
G oo ms C oll Steve H a m e l, 494 52 1/ or 878 1o9? 

S C E N IC L O O P 
A p p ro x 
2 a i re s cre e k h ills es O ft A q u ife r, Owner e n try 
G ory 

VAN B m & ASSOC 
684 ZIM 
4J3 124/ 
144 969J 
S P b C IA I M I ro o m butine on % th rn fen it t I r pc*s 
‘.p ilin g to * rM !v 
<?m cwt 
$1119oo 
Gut? ra n t ond tit lr 
*6 21/4 
2 S t 6 r y m 6 u N T A IN T O P HO ME 
5 a. res near LIT SA I I lr cir cm sundry $ % • ai k te rr tic od 
PU mr u re a p m tor hor Hrs d ro p wM I, bm s turdier fun k, low dow n ow ner tm o m v 
22/ o22/ WA T SON Ii SON 
658 1262 
T o k e up p o y m « n i$ on ^4 a e r 
N o r lh w r s t fo r h o m o b u ild frig 
Welter, c ity u tilitie s 
M r f e lt 
6/9 /??9 

TEACHERS 
H ave tim e to took. 2 N ow Si the tim e to b u y 
P.* a c re s , n e a r C a n y o n 
I ake, o w ner desires to sell q u ic k ly ! 
$2,45o w ith ow ner fin a n c in g N om e y o u r te rm s 
N o q u a lify In a 
B IL 
H U G H E S , B ro k e r 34? 18oH 
TE XA S V E T ’S pTck 'y o o V o in la nd now At V et a p p ,a tta l 17 a r r e t and up B la n ca A re a J im A shley P enny 
716 7784 

 f w d JlC R feS bt R l V F R 
N o rth on G uadalupe b cem r woods o n d to p s o il 
M ig h a b o v e a c le a r d e a n g ro v e l b ottom riv e r SI2.9oo 
O wner w ill fin a n c e 
R o b e rt S m ith , 
698 ?o6t, if no a nsw e r, 494 6777 

LOTS 
D @ 
) 

141 
ACHS, 
12 miles north of 
Sobmol Beautiful hills and volleys 
Excellent hunting 
3oo ACRI FARM, B miles north ol 
Knippa 
Good house, many athel improvements 
Excellent im gabon potential 
52o ACRI FARM, 4 miles northwest ol 
Sabinal 
Excellent it legation potential 
4,1 SS 
ACRI RANCH, 
I? miles north of Sabinal fenced in 
6 pastures. 4 wells, 11 ? miles of 
Sabinal River Best of-deei ond turkey hunting 
Ideal foi exotic annie lonch 
673 ACRI RANCH, 14 miles north of Hondo Very good hunting Nice house, air conditioned ond heated 
162 ACRIS, 5 miles Northwest of 
D Horns. 74 ones all field with stock bink In Qulin 
86 ACRIS, * miles Southwest ol 
Castroville 2 tanks, mobile home, good femes, coastal ond Hem glass 
464 ACRES, 7 miles Southwest of 
Hondo 
Very qood femes, qood lank I wall with windmill, good cot tai, hest of hunting tor deer, tuikey, dove and quail 
196 ACRIS, 4 miles Nmthwes* rf 
(aslioville, I well ond strong spring 
Good hunting 
IS? ACRI FARM, 5 miles west ol 
Hondo, older house, good wells ond fences 
23 ACRIS WUN OIDER HOUSE, IS acres iii coastal, I well, city wntei, highway liontoqe on Slot# Hwy 
I S i ? miles Noitneosl ot Hondo 
NICI HOUSE ON I ACRI with good well in Dunkty 
CLX IKM SCHU! H K RI AIT Y 
I H I I ZIN STRUT 
HONDO. TX 
/BRAT 
$17 436 - JAI 7 5 1 / 4 JA /SCO mimm* ira* 

IO A C R E I R R I G A T E D F A R M 
W a tp i w e ll fu r n is h e d n e a r h ig h iv . $8/5 d ow n p a y m e n t. St lo 49 r m onth O w ner (mane m u civaba 
» lf OI ICI lit If'CT C ull / 14 959o jo T 'T T s T i fi A N c h 
W e», 
STo 
M e d in a B e a u tifu l ro ttin g h ills , ox e lle n ! t a n i Isla nd n n d e x c e lle n t h u n tin g 58oo pel a c re 514 671 1 
9 *6 A f R E R E D 6 IV f R b u tto n s o u tb o a s t of O f 
Oil lo w copm ity . 3oo ut fp s fo rm m ill 
A ltu lp h o . w h e a t, p e a n u ts , r r lo o te d i b i'd f o om ho b io $V »o lir e i IQS)/HS 89 18 
S » Ac I »•*., Alii 11ii ii i h in d . I s m a ll tru a n t houses, fen rn tra c to r *.ht*iK, ^ 
Irrig a tio n w H Is, l l ' * m iff* S id r k?r»ll so v p tg i null?. / inch m a in lin e , plus ro t m ile s 4 Inc Ii and S inc h hood lines In P ea rsa ll* T* C a ll .134 161o 
I yes U4 2o2o or 134 .'96S io T O B f V r v B W R F B ---------- m ile s s o u th w e s t of lo u r b u n to n 
Good ro n ch land fenced on 4 sides 
I osy access on paved ro a d s tro n g o il p oss ib ilitie s $6o,OOO O w ner w ill c o rry $4o,ooo note 6S3 9/3? 
44 A c r e * f r o n t i n g D n i 6 6 f 
I6 o 4 S W a p p r o * 
4IO. 2 e a rth tnk%. ? m in e ra ls * I ?' ck re lim it, S co v e re d hor 

6 n il tr (*ni I oop 
1 w ells, a ll n a u t a llo t dob ie s and o r 

 other nice out b u ild in g s A ll this and a b e a u tifu l HOO sa It 2 s to ry hom e s to to lv o aks 
I b e d ro o m , 3 both, lib ra ry and m im e r oom H uge pi 11 to and b u ilt In BBO pit 
H U G H 6 S A BW ISC O I 
924 4131 
W I A l YOWS 
62* o696 

3oo ACRES fro n ts M e d ina ta k e and h igh w a y 
Inve stor t« • av. 
I O W A WPS W A N C H WI A l T Y 
69S 848o__ 
I SIN 4 m 
I M S U 9 6 

18 A C « fc S O O O D H U N T IN G 
SISO d o w n p a y m e n t, $69 in p er m onth 
O wner ft none eel ca d 
ZU /964 

64o A c r e s 
G r e a t H u n tin g 
$l?9 SO per ac re $ dow n p aym en t w ith ?o year te rm s at / G ’ , sim ple in terest 
O w ner fin an ced 
C o ll 
/V t '964 

12o A c r e s H u n tin g C o u n tr y 
$149 Soper a c re O w ner w ill f Inane fi fo r 2o ycnjrs a t / ‘ i s im p le in te re s t w ith 
V j daw n p a y m e n t 
C a ll 
734 /964 io6 L i R e i if t N U U r t t s w E L L ~ 
( rn r a iv p eanut lic it) «.ouslot 
777 o777 W A T S O N A S O N 
4 7 8 1 7 *7 i i lA o r'.n n t . c lo x e fa 
PAF ft, SIIIX) PW, a r r * lio n s VOS were am p 66) 57)8 

228 RESOR I PROPERTIES 

 so in t l m obile hon 
T hr et! 

Cine kite 

» c u s to m d e s iu os i la rg e bed ro om s aam . ti H)u I? den, a f 
*n, c e ir tr al h eat a ir m d w o rld s of c lo s e t a n d sta r cia* p a te AH un IO b e a u tifu l a* res w it! leer fence and deep w e ll 
$ IS, OOO e n n s 
344 8448 
Grace Arnold 
R f A l TORS grots 

HOMESITE 
C h(u<(> b u ild in g slip, o u i 281 Nor lh in e x flu s lv r- a rc o M a n y Irw rs . w a te r, ric e lr Ic ily 
B a rg a in 
O w n er g o in g 
Overseas. Tom T a y lo r 49/ 3/54 or 
876 6788 
L a r g e b u i l d i n g Ci t e 
I m ile n o rth fro m Loop N IN d esirer! lot anon, deep soil and wooded circa 
W a le r , d e i lr I t il y , o n d p h o n e f'q y m e n ts o f $47 79 a l /"-, s im p le in terest o ffe r sm u ll dow n p a ym e n t 
( a ll I.es F e lle r, 6 /9 7279 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 
C u s to m b u ilt l l A c r e s 
O a k t r e e s , h i l l c o u n t r y 
N o r t h 
N o r t h w e s t 
H o m e s r e o d y to m o v e in to 
F in a n c e d 
W e c u s ­ to m b u ild 
H a v e 
1-3 5 a c r e t r a c t * a v a ila b le 
W e c o n s id e r t r a d e * S a w y e r C o n s t C o 
733 o4o9 
494 2741 

I A C R E W A T E R F R O N T 
On s p rin g fed creek, in k l ra p ran* ti. la rg e p e c a n t r e e * , $2oo d o w n p aym en t $1o9 19 per m o f lo am ed by ow ner ( a ll 734 VS98 

AFTER CHRISTMAS 
BEFORE JAN. I t h e la n d o p p o r t u n it ie s a re un b e lie v a b le 
We w ill e n te rta in a n y o fte r I C onsider a ny te rm s 1 P ublic 
C o m p a n y n e e d s 1976 a le s 
FGI! 
C o u n try n e a r B e rg n e im . ' lo ? a c re s fr o m S995 
L A K E C R O F T 
P l A l f ST ATE 34? 18o8 

Atter Christmas land Sale acreage on 16o4. N 6 of San An arn© f ro m Ii$ 9 o per a c re T e rm 

MBG, INC 4 /t / ISO i#$ goin g up 

LEI A 
R E A L E S T A T E B R O K E R 
Buy or Sell tar you Con 
226 IJS / 
442 VIJ* 
344 9424 
J A Dess 
Looking For A New 
Homesite With Privacy? 
We have I / to 3 ar re ir o n s ru stled 
In lh * b e a u tifu l h ill c o u n try n o rm w esl ol Son A nto nio Y ou r choice of c a re fu lly p la n n e d a c re a g e tra c ts w ith o u ts ta n d in g v ie w s o r fe r tile v a lle y s w ith h e a v ily wooded d re g s 
L o ca te d in TR A IL W O O D O n ly 15 m in u te s n o rm o l W o n d e rla n d o u i 
IH IO L .(.e lle n ) o w ner fin a n c in g 
DON SMITH CO 
498 776) 
B R O K E R 
4 ** 7832 

CANYON LAKE 

5 A C R E TR A C T S 
C N IT 13 TRACTS IIFT 

Located in the Storttville 
Aiea. Near (omul Polk Some with lake views und creek front, mon)/ laige oaks, as low as $16oo per atle. Up to 
IS years lo pay al 8%. Coll anytime 

4 9 7 - 3 5 7 1 o r 
I - 8 9 9 - 2 1 8 1 

M M I 
MEDINA LAKE AREA 

 larq* oldei horn* in lake Hills. Tx 
3 I 'lr I, plus 4 room quest colloq, 

 ond 
2 bedioom mobile heme 

Stoioqe shed and bool shed, approx 

J 5 oats of veil landscaped and tented lo) Cull Hiles 8 . 6 7&e8 

6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 in 

 m a r t u n 

 f l O 
U t f l K 
M 
N 
I 
| r « a t i i i | 

A B E A U T IF U L LO T A t 
CANYON LAKE 
S H M 
IO T • A il U tilitie s nea r lake baa l ra m p 
SI IOO or SIDO d ow n. S I', 59 m onth tor 84 m onths. 8 , in te re st 
LOT • L a rg e 
L ake and sw im m in g pool and boof ra m p nea r by trees 
516oo nosy te rm s 
LOT • H ig h ©u a h ill b f^fu fifu * vie w 
Corgi* %if© 
Tok# near by 
$14oo or 
$1oo dow n $18 IU for 96 m outhy 8 , iter **»t 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A , 
Beautiful J I J. in Eastwood V illage 
O nly *5oo dow n. p a y m e n ts 51*o 
H U R R X ! I 
675-1*91 
6 /4 *8o9, 
6/3 o352 
PO IN T E R K E A L E STA TE 
ASSUME B E A U T IF U L 4 bedroom . 
J bcith, fom ily room , large Kitchen and dining room 
Detached opt in rear with garage and workshop, low eauity. close in lust oft Presa 
H U G H E * A BRISCOE 
*74 4351 
B E A L T O O * 
353 *3$* 

>d BBQ g rill E g u tty and assum e 

R E D C A R P E T 
■ la?kT X n5 " k FllT " abV a~ edecorarted J bed ro om , only 515o dow n. *149 m o n th ly , S in g le s a n d 
M ilita ry can q u a lity ! 
*25 17o6 
PAT M C V E Y 
676 2525 t '6 w " i 6 f f l T T IT T 'M’f T i T a T e 
F A R M 
I 2 7 w ith m a n y tr e e s , shrubs, flo w e rs, and all appliances 
See this one to d a y ! Won f lost long' 
454 2541 
R E D C A R P E T 

A WHOLE MOUNTAIN 
•MOUNTAIN TOP NORTH* 

LOT * W a te rfro n t n#o r %wimi pool ond boat r a m p G t'o u ttfy l ter m$ 

C A P I 
E . J O N E S 

9 2 3 -6 2 1 1 

MUST SEE TO BELIEVE 

BANDERA 

MOVE IN NOW! 

BARGAIN HUNTERS SPECIAL 
No d ow n p a y m e n t ta a n yo n e . 52o d o s in g t ost. 3 4 bed ro om s. 2 baths, som e w ith a n a nd ah u p p h g n c i 
P aym ents less tha n re n t 
53? 3251 BOB D eP A O LO R E A L T O R 

SPG! m u * 
J b t a r o d m , b u tr 
Townhom e w th a il a p p lia n t es, lot of c a rp e *, t i m tra l a ir hee f*QUltV 
Tote! p ric e $?4 HS. L o r de ta m and v ew ing, c o il ii I sob 
AN Y T «ML 

 rge a lo e ' nom e neg i lin g G o bv 411 Bel 

CharlesC e n t u r y 21 
Its Schneider 
* 8 < 
*14 72oo 

$48oo CASH. pu s and she ffiCMYt g rid co 
H U G H E S A BRISCOE 
*24 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
433 *35* 
CORNER OL OEH BEAUTY 
O r ig in a l, c u s to m c o n d it io n , 
J f ? * incom e 
E asy te rm s on 

VAN BUREN I ASSOC 
534 54$I 
6*4 7171 
*»« oo66 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
HL TR I AS PA LM A S N'j 

N il i i v a l L f V H I K I L T cdr o w n *, 2 b a in e t AU T v 
$7oo d a w ) 
CR I O il 
*27 I/O * 
NU P R O B L E M 
PAT M C V E Y 

146 E 
P A L F R E Y 
New ly redecor ated. 3 bedroom , I' > baths, VA or 
FH A te rm s O nly I1/.Soo 

NO CITY TAXES on th is 3 B e d ro o m 
I b a th . J c a i g a ra g e h om e N o rth s id e sc h o o ls 
B rin g your re frig e ra to r and set up h ou se ke e p in g 
M o d e s t e q u ity and m ove in! Cod 6/1 SOU AN 1 1 1M E 

333 J U T D U S I M A I L J 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

I M ilt* 

BEAUTIFUL ACRE 
O ut ?8 l N o rth near B u lv e rd e G re a t b u ild in g site. w a ter, e le c tric ity , and paved ro o ds 
C all 
4V/ 3752 or 

2o Beautiful Acres 
A long H w y 46. I m i east o f H w y 
M any la rg e oak tre e s Con be st d ivid e d 
F or d e ta ils c o il 342 41 
AN 1 T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

4 Bedroom ie Fair Oaks 
Ad e*quis»ftta SIM I * tov b ig ny if * ff as on a b# vtow fe>f fe a tu rin g en 
<**dgr and coca es te n 
ItrepiO f.tv 
I decks g w indow s t# €-*©}©*> th 
9 Jew a n d g te v g ib h g breezes H om es a or* 

 lr lefty a * 
*aod‘ lf to r now C b»o© *r tv sate 
< o il 
Offer 6pm 

 tnt 

ACREAGE TRACT 
NE AR C A N Y O N L A K E 
SUPE R LOW P R IC E 
O W N E R F IN A N C E D 
CA P TA IN E . JONES 

9 2 3 6 2 1 1 
! i i i I i i U t 
T i rn Kl ■ 

23 ACRES 
N e a r P ip e ( re e k 
H u n t e r 's Pet ro d ts e t H a s h ill a n d o u ts ta n d in g view 51/5o per a t r e 
E D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L TY 
695 848o 
I SIS 4555 
I SSS 45** 
5 A C iltS .’o1 n o rth 
$4/oo. lib e ro ! lin u m m u bv ownei 
14 8876 

On » M 
344 *768 
5o ACRES 
/V f flin ty am 
14! 4$66 
CONNALLY 
P ie A L 6“ S t A T E IN C 
___ 

 h o u s e a n d b a r n 
C »fy w r ite r a n d 
P ier f r u it y Ir r ig a tio n rig h ts fro m riv e r, forge d a m V e ry gnoff b*»hfng 
$6o,ooo, and adad te» rn*, a v a ila b le to g oa l if led h a v e r (o n ta r f glee P oy P eter $ Sr 
I 8/V ?/$V or 8/9 7474, $ 8 /9 ?t$9 
'oak "hill**, 'cli??? f (TTFIOU re s o l 
-f ? ai a n d tu r k e y ter tm IS I //V t 
Around iioo orres in ion iota To 
Good ranch la nd . lots of d ee r, lu r ke y ond q u a il (713) 732 2771 

 ac Is 
ATTENTION VEES 
We have s e v e ra l mentis Vt*t$ lr fo r 
Q u a lifie d 
V e ts w h o baw© received th e ir ninth# utton land Locators o! Texas 
S A 66/ 1154. 66/ I I i i 
~ ii1 io E R A " C 6 u N T V >4 Ac r e s " 
Upper Sabinal Canyon Live W aler 
J K L E IG H T O N , R E A L tO R S 
Vanderpool. Tx 
31? » ** 14oo i r z K r s r v r s K a v pig* pMJf th My 

BIDE MOUNTAIN RANCH 

 g in m g u v o rta b 'e 
M ik e C h ild e rs 
IRIS) 6*8 7o48. **? )477___________ 

CHERRY CREEK RANCH ~ 
6 ac 
[>f g e n tly 

 a aa 

NEAR BOERNE on lh enc h o n !ii deer and w ild 
Of <ou# sv, H i» 

 w ith 
V o c r e s c ir hey »n a b u n d a n t* r % a b e a u tifu l to u t 
N C L 4 b e d ro o m hom e J tx jfh v , c 
O*?o ft den w ith huge? fire p la c e le ­ tte d to b u y w o o d t it h e r I, ?4*1* tubby o f g am e ro o m P l i i i a 2 be froom house fo r guest or p aree ts inly JO m in u te s fro m W o n d e rla n d 
11$9(OOO, i44 §444 
$44 8144 
Grace Arnold 

N E E D TA X S H E L T E R * 

OAKS oft> 

IP M u n 'r v 
IO F A IR 

OUN SMITH CO 
6 * 8 244o B R O K E R f V d w U t R T n r T m M ; . 

I 755 4274 g T B 3 r* r c n i S i r 6 ., nous*. 3 I o<re* Trees, do 
13o OOO 
Goys 
/ * * 323o. 

 ro t die h e a t on 4 id soil, horses O k 
99/ 4563, nights 

O f lr tem par 
ONE ACRE d th ith Ii 
•p a ro le dosing horses p e rm itte e 
H ill C o u n try s e ttin g o n ly *39 KS! 
Ask tor R Y U TH Folios 
341 9166 A N Y T IM E 
C e n tu r y 21 
H O W A RD T A T ! R E A L T O R * 

 d tie ng F 
•th *o !k w ov down lo riv e r 
CLA U D E S C H U E H LE R E A L T Y l i l t I7TH S T R E E T 
HO NDO 
TX 
/ 8 6 6 I 
SI2 426 2412 
SI2-426-7S16 
M E M B E R TE R A 
CANYON LAKE 
MOBILE LOT 
>oo sq ft lo n fo s tii v ie w 
P ool. if r a m p n e q r b y 
SUOS 
$IQo rn. 78 m o n th s of *21 43 A PR 8 
M E L M I L L I E R 
2 2* 2324 t M i V o f f i. A I U - E V O W NER 

►at lo t 

S T T T I t M E N f Mo m T 

 i s m 
- G i n■ b a f v i e w c u r 
I AGE OM I A R «t LOT 648 o*Ji w l ’WY”I'G A sY A ) 'p R D P t RT Y 

DO UG LAS A ND ER SO N 
Gorging 
7)3 13 *3 

OjFibdf ( bunty H ilt CcjuiM fy O nly Mf m u n itE s n o r th of I* b o p 4 1o w *tti rn rn or h ig h w a y ar • ess b tu ju ttfg i i f hi} va It r a rit h hops* t or ru g u h o m e , b a rn s , sh e d ** I# he od a n d 
«r©$s fe a re d 
I*© osociably P it ie d w ith a ttra c tiv e term s 
J M C U L L IN A N . U t A l TOH 
BOB 3 oN E S , HAL TORS 
426 JACKSON K E L L E R . 7*716 
SI? 544 3341 
C m w a U l r e a 1 " t Y 
Good s»l»(lion Form s Ranches 
I I / * 5*») I 37* $71o 
Seguin, Tx 

C H W A HL R E A L T Y 
Good s o lu tio n Form s Ranches 
I 17* 56*) I 37* S71> 
Seguin 
Tx 
T o w a r d s r a n c h r e a l T y 
Buy your land from the nab yes 
_ F tP t CR I EK, TX QTS MSU 

E x c e lle n t H u n t in g 3o A c 

F'grm ond Ranch Listings Warned 

 nj 

E D G O Z A . R E A L T O R 

 l f * 
I U m w . 672 .tao X/6 5618 
FAR M S 
RA N C H ES 
R E S ID E N C E 
R M G E O R G E .R E A LTO R 
247 
$ 
M ain. 
Boerne 
24* 7678, 
________74* 3MS 
G o n ia ie s C p near H a rw o o d o n d in IO. 24 a c re s , in A u s tin C h o l* tr e n d , one s ix te e n th r o y a lty 
$15.ooo By Owner 828 2117 
ToS A LLE T o 
R A N C H —O pen to r hunting Hw y Ironage a na over I miles ot Nueces River All ar p a n at 
J 858 a c re s 
*7 *5 a n o t t o 
Good te rm s , by o w n e r 
$12 *6 4 J J U , 
517 125 JVS7 Res 

23o LOTS 

 i Mate 484 4?? 

IT S EASY TO P LA C E A 
E APR CSS H E W S 
W A N T AD 223 1666 

M E N A R D C O U N T Y 226 acres of scenic live ops country 
Cosy ac c t i i t© Q u i < }••? a n d lu r k # y country House and pens I and bus 
4 w a te r w e lls 
O w n e r w ill fo lk te rm * 
P ric e d fa sell a t * 4 $6 aer a c re 
C a ll M E N A R D R E A L ES 
TATE 1*15)3*6 44/7 or (*1 3 )1 ** 4 9 5* 
N ew 
B r a u n fe ls H ilt 
C o u n try 
P roperly 
‘ cheet A Awee 
Really 
64/ y Seguin N B ra u n fe ls 67*. iKIZX 

S25C OO PER ACRE 

 p r o p e r t y e x c h a n g e s 
R I O IO N *! A N D NA I lO N W tO L 
DEV AOL t A ASSOC 44* 267 7 _ 
- R A N C H L A N O *— — 
I brid Flu All Purpuses 
Ne 7 Fhnlstone. 78211 
344 **36 

W e T a 'n S E L L Y OUR 
RAN CH F A R M OR H O M E 
IN IH E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
HO USTO N R A N C H R E A L T Y to e r n t, Tx /to o * 
249-2116 ar 249 3314 

1868o484 

 p o 9 e 
8 -° ____ 
S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — --Saturda y January I I 9 7 7 
C fARMS-llANCKfS 

R E A L 
C O U N T Y 
4oo 
A C R E S m odern home. Lots of woter Hunt in s lodge. Abundant gam e. 

K E N D A L L CO . 7oo A C R E S hw y frontage, level, fenced, aood a ra r mg, deer. 

C O M A L C O 1o6 AC R E S deltghUulv restored home. Pool, and facilities tor coffle. 3o acre s in Coastol close 

C O M A L C O 
HI A C R E S . U S 781 f r o n t a g e . 3 h o m e s, m a n y im 
Orovem ents Country estate. Close 

U S 281 N O R T H 4o A C R I S B e x a r 
Co 37 a c re s C o m a l C o Excellent hwy frontage 
C A L L 494 5227 

A r m s t r o n g C o . 
R E T IR E M E N T R E T R E A T 
48 7 a c r e s with 7 b e d ro o m hom e near Floresville 5 outbuildings, call tor details. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 HO I 

 c 

R U I ESTATE SE U OR 

EXC H A N G E 

H A V E C A S H B U Y E R S for o ld e r h o m e s, a p ts , n e e d in g repairs. John B. Eccell, Brod cr, 6o8 
G u n te M J J d g ^ ^ T ^ T W j^ T i—S ^ i - ™ . 

RIMCO REALTY 
684 86oo F o rm s ■ R an ch es 497-3796 

RIVER RANCH 
I OOO a c re s on beautiful C o lo ra d o 
R iver 
6 m ile s ct rive r fro n ta ge 
Loaded with gam e $31o acre with e x c e lle n t te r m s 
M ik e C h ild e r s 
(915) 698 7o48, 69? 3477. C H IL D E R S 
R E A L E S T A T E 

7oo 
TAKE YOUR PICK 
A T A S C O S A C O U N T Y 
4o6 acre ranch, paved access, acres cultivatable, botonee rn brush 
2363 a c r e s of p a rtia lly im p ro v e d ro n c h la n d . qood a c c e s s a n d im provem ents, Artesian well 
B E X A R C O U N T Y 
7? a c re s inside F M 16o4, north of 
Thousand 
O a ks on 
Jones 
M oltsberger 
112 a cre s, ge ntly slo p p in g fertile land with 2 houses 
182 a c r e s of r irh fa rm land ond pecan bottom s on the M edina River with excellent access 
B L A N C O C O U N T Y 
1o74 acres, typical hill country with homes, shed, pens 
C O M A L C O U N T Y 
28 acres, qently slopping qrass and lr ee covered land F rontinq on Stole 
46 lust west of 281 
68o a c r e s, q e n tly r o llin g C o m a l 
County Hills, only m inutes north of 
S a n A nto n io , m o to r h ig h w a y a c ­ c e ss 
B e a u tifu l 37SO sa ll ran ch house. Durns and sheds 
W IL S O N C O U N T Y 
O ve r IS acre s, deep san d y loam with large house, well, outbuilding, tanks, hiqhw ay frontage 
J M C U L L IN A N R E A L T O R 
SI 2 344 2341 
ROB JONES. REALTORS 

What type R anch do you wont 
R A N C H M A R K E T 65.9 42o6, 226 9184 
Rt 3 Box 221, San Antonio. 78218 
W IL S O N C O U N T Y 
168 A C R E S 
$95o P E R A C R E 
F O R M O R E IN 
FO C A L L B S T S C A N O 434 61o2 

236 
SALE 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

A C C E S S C O R N E R 
U nique hom e on corn er IM 39 or cess 
Good exposure tor gift1 antiques 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2921 
9 A C R E S , C L O S E IN great pot bol, in 
H igh incom e area 
Call 
341 4666 
Don B o lle n ro IN C R F /ii TO R S M L 
28 A C R E S 
Close in 3 m iles out of 
City limits, will sell all or part, no restrictions Good location IH 37 SO ond Oonop R d W ill finance, easy term s 924 6666. 623 1932 
3 A cre s Fre d e rick sb u rg Rd 
Odon frontage near War m a rl hospital U SA A Ow nei finance 
227 8227 W A T SO N A SO N s?8 1262 
15 A C R E S 
3 m iles out at City lim its on ISI South Utilities available Wi finance, easy term s 
924 6666 
623 1932 
2 8o A C R E S O N W W W H IT E R D 
Near 4 to 2Ohed L C o m m ercial 
533 I PQY 
Respondek Rlty 
696 S667 
B IG B R IC K 
1 3-7. of fir e Ail paneled 
T e rra boor On fantastic corner Outse 
N L 41o B ig lot C,reof nome otfne 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 

B R O A D W A Y I N C O M E 
A ssu m e 9271 57 per m o B lo cs top, portable b u ild in g se rv ice a o ro o i 
'(•need. 
ISP* IOO. Open term s 
Cai 

VAN BUREN ft ASSOC 
684 7171 
344 IQ89 
JIA» 9(,»3 

C O N T R A C T O R S D IS T R IB U T O R S t fila r m odern attice b in o Jo* too w are ho use, lu m ber cam p . sh e a-, 
'r u e s s e r v ile a r e a 
24U»31S lot 
Ii uae c onside!ea, e x trliy n l lerm c 
341 445S 
H IT E S 826 6/16 
__ L A U R E N R B A R N E BF V 
I s t A B L IS H t o M e an ai C l i n . MMK! 

254 REU [S W E WANTED 

W A N T E D To B u y F r o m O w n e r. 
From 3o to 5o A cre s Im prove d or 
U nim proved M ust Be Reasonable. 
Wilson, Atascosa, /Aedine Co. Quote 
P rice P er A c re W rite: E x p r e s s 
New s P O Box 7738. 

258 REAL ESTATE LOANS WANTED 

W ill p a y c a s h for e q u ity iii ap t house, units, sin gle re sid e n ce or b u s j n e s s jj ir o p e r ty ^ ^ L O S ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

481-APARTMENTS FORM 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

FRO** 

 s 4 
6 
. Weekly 

* 1 
5 
2 
. Monthly 

N O l l A s i 

T E N N IS C O U R T 

A D U L T L IV IN G — 
N O P fJ S 

 w a r r e n h o u s e 

3 2 2 2 M W . l o o p 4 1 o 

 on intersection ol Dewhurst and a t e it road A ID *’ 

3 4 2 -4 o 2 9 

S Q U i ™ 1^% V I I ! 2k 
Onu A P A P T M I H T S I - - 
Ar 

• Mined finn! flub 
Eacitities 

• Gym mid free Ileitis* flrmm 

• Beauty ''bop 
• Sauna iWhulpool 
• (anim Couth 3 pools 

• tiosl tiff iTMuqeiotors 

• IO Minutes to 
Downtown 

4o32 (. Southcross 

3 3 7 - 5 2 4 2 

RENTALS 

APARTMENTS UNFURND 
® 

ALL N E W 
O N E B E D R O O M 
UNFURNISHED 
*1 4 5 . 

5 9 5 9 W U R Z B A C H 
(BANDERA RD.-EVERS RD.) 

Medical Center, 
(JISA, USAA, KILLY, lackland AFB. 

6 8 4 - 3 3 1 1 

A p a r t i i M ‘n ( / / p i S e l w t o r 

W e ’ll fin d y o u r s , free. 

O R M 7 DA YS A W H X 
OFG C l I TH BODOH OUT TIX A t 

3121 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

DIRECT C O R R f (P O H C E N C I TO 
4433 N. CENTRAL IX PW Y 
DALLAS. TIX. 7S2o4 

( r n 
APARTMENTS UNFURL 

OASIS APTS. 
1o387 SAHARA DR. 

341-2111 
Family living, 
2-3 
Bedrooms 
Furnished or unfurnished. 
Childrens playground. Immediate oc­ cupancy. Month to mdnth leases avail. 

Apartment Locators 
No Charge 

VV ASH!B CK YER (ONN. 

 lovely I 2, NVN, family . 
$225 + 

K fM AXFR + PLUSH CARPI? 

N (entail TH ? 2 poof polio $29o 

WOOD BURNING H M P IA C I 

Unique NI IN 3 ? polio 
$429 

4piPtLitiAt!s.-- 
IbdiMilSL 
828-C681 

 cd ic 
734 5434 C P K O S U B 342 o343 

I N D U S T R I A L W A R E H O U S E 

VAN BUREN 8 ASSOC 
6847171 
4331247 
144 96»J 
M U S T S E L L , IO pi ODi r tv lot ated 
L u o *vc 7 fetid** in IH gal pr 

O W N E R R E T I R I N G o n actual ult ( m f established, ho' an d b u sin e ss in ig p id lv gro w l 
M o ille I alit In vestigate this c stunning opportunity todox ' lu r 

VAN BUREN 8 ASSOC 
684 7171 
344 969 j 
433 1747 

P R I M E 21 A C R E S in t ia n s p o ita 

 ct F. ‘ git uti 

J M C U L L IN A N R E A L T O R 
344 2341 
_ BOB JONES, REALTORS 
P R O F E S S IO N A L O F F IC E B U IL D 
IN G s u b u n it ct » a n t a s City 
In 

RR BARGAIN 

Z O N E D O I 
I oaths I «c »■ 

MRO REALTY 
696 1545 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D im . 
R IT T IM A N R D AT IH35 

T H E F A I R D A L E 

6 6 o o F A I R D A L E 6 5 6 1oo1 

 leatinq Doily 9 6. Sunday 16 

1 Bed room $ 1 4 5 
2 B e d room $ 2 1 o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 
All Utilities Paid iaiqe playground'. 
Bnckefboll bool. 
'Shuffle bomb, lighted tannic (Pint, 3 forge swirl nnnq pools 
Nam RionVs AI 8 
State Hospital. Prcon Valley Coif 
(ou'V 
T ruly th e b e d r e n ta l v a lu e In to w n . i Lasses 
3 3 3 -5 3 3 9 

LINDA APTS. 

233 HOWARD 

I btl 
Metropolitan H os pilot, Medical Professional 
Bldg , Baptist Hospital and 
M a in 
Bank, efficiency 
I and 2 bedroom opts Start m g at $ 1 7 5 
Adults 
N o pets. 
2 2 6 - 8 4 9 2 

M O T E L Efficiency A p artm ents and 
R o om s 
B y D a y , W eek or M onth 
o12 91 17, P E J A/67. L F ? o152, 
C A / 17o2, N ear Ft Sam T A2 13/7 

MOULIN ROUGE 341-4113 
N ear Ft Sam and Downtown. I Pe 
Oroom apt $14o 
2 B e d ro o m apt 
$15o 
Woter pd 
724 t 
Grayson, 
778 o6'8 
N E A R F T S A M nice I bedroom , air, carpet, water­ e rs pd $1)9 874 8369 
N E A R F T S A M 
Nice efficiency apt carpet, air, air, water ond goy pd, SOS 874 8369 
Near both 
Ft Sam 4o7 Notated 5 room*. cur, water pend no pets il?ti 

 cir town North N ii e, Quiet, sm all je d io o n i. 5175 m o n th , u lt L. erg reed M r Conli ??3 96oo 

 e 2 bedroom, near I t Sam , $1 IC write I pa 674 8169 atter 4 
NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
Near Ft Sam and downtown Cfh, 
A p ts 
B il ls P a id , 989 pe r m o 
777 47o? tes t E Houston 
North Central Locohon, E lm ira end 
M c C u llo u g h and IM35 
N e a r bus. adults only 
N o pets 
F u rn ish e d I bedroom, upstairs. W ater pd SH S with deo 6 M a Lease 276 93o1 otter 
6 and weekends, 696 o73o 

NURTHEAST NU LEASE 
A m a r live I bedroom , dishw asher hag, pool Bins pa $16o ond u p $25 
Dec 
IO M in Ft Sam 32IO E IS E N 
H A U E R oft 
H a rry 
W urtbach 
821 9I9S 
N O R T H S IO E room s, air, bills 
1$?o C O N T O U R pa $9o Adults No 

GREENBRIER APTS. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
(Jolt <jH Broadway and North loop 41o) 
(Clos* to (town Tower lidg j 
82 8 -4 2 o o 
• Adults only 
• Home like atmosphere 
• large I bedroom apts 
• 2 Bedroom opts. 
• Large spacious rooms 
• Covered parking 
• Pool • Party House 
• laundry • Bus line 
• All utilities paid. 

I LA PLAZA 

€ 
341-4621 
• I -2-3 Bedrooms 

• Sin gle a n d Fam ily 
Se ctio n s 

• Fireplaces 

Tennis 
• 115 NW LOOP 41o 
• 
Across From 
• 
North Star Mall 

& 

 r 
COLONY HOUSE 
7oo1 BROADWAY 

Very large 2 bedroom opt. 2 baths, 2 walk-in closets. No children or pets. 
Complete 
Adult 
Complex. On Site Mgr. 
Apt. 1o2 
8 2 2 - 1 5 9 o . 

2 AND 3 BEDROOM 
LUXURY APARTMENT 
AC R O S S F R O M L E E H IG H 
Pool and all utilities od 
T A N G IE R A P T S. 
344 5989, no colls otter 
B P M 
___________ accepted 

I minute to IH-1o- 
Privjte adult ond family section. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
',9o9 Woodstone Drive 

WINDCREST 

APARTMENTS 

 lu x u ry liv in g in N orth ea st 

S a n A nto nio 

FROM $215 
656-o182 
8835 WILLMON WAY 

HO USfS. O U P lf X H - 

UN FU RNISH ED 

T WAKEFIELD-STakoUST . 

J 
APARTMENTS 

Ideally located on busine. I, 7, , and 3 bedrooms. SI8o . to 
* 

535o On Rector (m o ss front ( 

North Star Moll 
^ 

£8 
85o6 WAKEFIELD 
( 
J 
344-4558 
( 

• • • • • O 
O 
O 

TURTLE CREEK 

L O C A T E D OFF THE FAIR. 
W A Y S 
O F 
Turtle 
Creek 
Country Club in northwest 
San Antonio 
Turtle Creek offers large rooms, fire­ places, full service kitchens and mony other features. 

696-451o 
8631 FAIRHAVEN 

THE HABITAT APTS. 
2-BLURUUMS 
A LL U T IL IT IE S PD. 
3815 W EST A V E . 
______ 344-772o 
THE MAYFAIR 
A V A IL A B L E N O W 
3 B E D R O O M , 2 B A T H 
A L L B IL L S P A ID 
242o M C U L L O U G M 732-2611 
B Y A P P O IN T M E N T o n l y 

THL TAHITIAN 
7 Bedroom , I both, $22o 
3 Bedroom , 2 both, I $oo sa ft $29o 
The lo ca tio n is so c o n v e n ie n tly located, a second car is not needed 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
One Block To North Star M oll 
2o2 B IR C H L E A F , 347-o289 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 B R O A D W A Y 
A N A P A R T M E N T 
U nforgettable o s its nam e 
1 B E D R O O M , $195. 
2 B E D R O O M . $21o. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
824-oo61, 828-7393 

B E A U T IF U L Tree H o use A p ts lr g a r d e n C o m p le x , n e a r B r o c k e n ridge Pk Trinity U and Dow ntow n | 
V ie w of C it y 
P o o l 
L a u n d r y 
M odern and com fortable Monomer, 
M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E A P T S 
U IS E M ulberry, 822 5436______ 

A s t o r i a 
1o343 S A H A R A 344 6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
S u n s h i n e 
367 t S U N S H IN S 734 4422________ 
A l 841 N St M arys, 4 clean room s stores bos, only $15 wk bills pd 
224 o629 713 (UNO. 684 o8 34 ________ 

C O N D I 
»34 o691 
A T T R A C I I V L 
A IR 
T IO N E D G a ra g e apt s/o 

I B E D R O O M B i l l P O $1oo 
E F F iC IF N C V B I L I S P O $8o 
J E W R Y S M IT H 494 3855 
' B E D R O O M C o t t a g e s a n d et treiences arr, bitts od S2S wk $95 nip UP $14 M O I or 434 9645 

2 B E D R O O M . D E W E V Adults. no pets S H S 717 77 38, 71? 1o87 
2 B e d ro o m on heat 
I m o bile hom e, ce 
Centi at School 

 nor Ft 

Brooks McCreless Area 
I BE C R O O M , U N F U R N * l 6y 
1 BE D R O O M F U R N $199 
I B E D R O O M . U N F U R N $199 
2 B E D R O O M . F O H N $239 

Apts S II 13oo 
So u th po iflt 

CLOUDHAVEN APTS 

•D O W N T O W N P O ST O F F IC E * 

EDEN RGC APTS 
119 JA C KSO N B E L L E R 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

3 .A cie s with older home ond outbuildings Zoned tor onytn 
USB S H I Bronco R d 34? 2o93 

C O N V E R S IO N 

M A C R E A L E S T A T E 8)8 2571 
F O R R E N T 
I ? - . 4o it so,.a rn 

:,Qx 

LO O P 416 AT B A N D E R A R O A D 
W A R E H O U S E S O F F IC E S S T O R E S 
3743 C O L O N Y D R IV E R E T A IL 
_ 
O W N E R O H 2124 O I? 7)34 
NW P R IM E S H O P P IN G C E N T E R S 
West Hildebrand v an e * Jackson 
R e ason ably P rice d! 
T U o941 or 4*4 7777_______ 
O F F I ( E S T O R A G E or m a c h in e shoo New ly rem odeled l$c per sa 
333 74*1_____________ _________ 

OFFICE WAREHOUSE 
Nor th side, 2 m iles north of Loop 416, 
Close to airport, units with. IIF * 
ISAC 
299s sa ft 
A S T R O IN V E S T M E N T S 
_ _ ••• 141 turtle— __________ 

O N E O F T H E F E W re m g. n ,ng 

 blocky east Off IH IS. le i/ SYX M UI 

•.OOO sa ti 

» MO sp ft . 
IFIIX, month 
P E A C O C K 

WAREHOUSE SPACE 

R E A L T O R S 134 Q SII 

Z O N E D B i 
O ffice or sm a ll bust ness t a s s * at W est A ve 734 4417, 
73$ un 
I47 IKDUSIRIAI PROPERTY 
FOR SALE 

I n d u s t r i a l l o t s le i; 

241 OFFICE SPACE EDR LEASE 

P L U S H O F F IC E S P A C E ii, gro w in g N W sector R e ason able rules. G rea te r S A R a ile r s A sso c 
•92) N W IH IO 69o-3MO 

2)o E 
M a y fie ld , neighborhood n .> turn ap t Q u ie t 

3)3* West Avenue J4V 4263 
Wo rry G illing wo ter Co 
E X T R A L A R G E I Dedr com l h 

TH E ME R IT A G L 
1541 B abcock at N W Loop 416 
341 2226 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
1235 E M U L B E R R Y 

P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
5*o2 B IF N V H L F D R off Werdner 
M odern t Bedroom , SS I 2663 

PECAN VAHEY 

Goll Club Apts. 
345oE.SOUTHCROSS 
333 9o2o ___ 
Q uinta S i l l B ia n co, tow nho uses uots, I 2 bdrm . 2 both see com port very reasonable 3414111 

B ro n d new E le ga n t I bedroom et lio en cy I ompietely turn carpeted, 
538 Hotw ells betw eens New Braunfels ond IH37 
R O B IN S N E S T A P T S SJI OS!t 
S O U T H I bedroom , paneled, v ein e d to everything water yr con 

SOUTH C E N T R A L 
1 B E O R O O M U N F U R N S t)) 
1 B E D R O O M F U R N SHO 
2 BE O R O O M , U N F U R N SISO 
2 B E D R O O M , F U R N $1/o 
['drat heat air, extra large roan 
-or South side Globe 977 .92o 

914 West Avenue 349 42o1 
B o ri y Gilhnqw atvr Co 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME INC. 
3)o3 N O R TH P A N A M 
I i i 12)8 
M O N 4 81 l l Sot IO 2 

TENDER LOVING CARL 

TH E K IN G S T O N A P T S 
22o7 Vance Jackson For TCC 

1)JA West Avenue 349 42o1 
B arry QiUm pw oter C o _ 
TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M A N D S d 'N A , 
I J i f it B R O O M S 
2 B A T H S 
$175 to $77o B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K T O W N E H P T ) 
414 4191 
2o1) B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between Hillcrest a nd ( uliaghon 
I H 7 W A S H B Y 
4 Room oat Lower we t un water 

2-Bedrooms, Southside 
■Central olr-heot bills od. Children ucceptert $199 533 938o 
B IL L S P A ID $19) to $275 
Terrell H ills A re a 
824 28)1 
S E IT Z & A SS O C . R E A L T O R S 

BRITTANY APTS. 
84o7 Jones M o ltsb erg er M I 3 tJ4 

CASTIE HILLS AREA 
For guiet m atu re residents. ? be d o o m , 2 bath, $215, I B e d ro o m 
$175 Free utilities Pool, ca rp o rts 
Ask for Lennie Thom as, 341-SI ST or 
144 9314 eves ond weekends 

CONVENIENCE 
Lo«o 41o Vance Jackson Rd 
P A R H L IK E G R O U N D S 
2 B FO R O O M -S2 25 B IL L S P D 
P A R K D A L E A P T S 342 o191 

T IM E TO M O V E 
The Heritage has large room s, ex fro closets, la rge covered patio ond parking. All bills od 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1)43 B abcock of N W Loop 41o 
______________341 2228 
3-2 T O W N H O U S E 
F o rm al dining, patio, outside stor­ age , 2 c o v e r e d p a r k in g at y o u r door. Poolside 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 B abcock at N W Loop 41o 
341 2228 
Upper etticemcy, I Occupant. 2617 
M cCullough, $9o. B ills od. 733 9187. 
82? 9o57 

V IL L A G E O A K S A P T S 
1-2 Bedroom s, and E th citn c e * 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
8o1) N New B raunfels 878-4242 
JOI o9 IS W M agn o lia 
Apartm ents from $13$ and up N ear 
S A C , c o n v e n ie n t s h o p p in g , bu lines Con 733 9857 

E C O N O M Y E C O L O G Y 
Short dr ive to college shops, or ride the bus. I bedroom dining too 
T H E G O L D E N K E Y 
Apartm ent Locators 828 9739 
F A IR F A X A P T S 
J, bdrm cent air pool. 
7 E 
Locust 
732 7759 

HERWECK HOUSE 
2 Bedroom , I bath, $21o. 
S Street from Lee High, J p iss 
N tm ifi H igh , I blk 
Ja ck so n ceiler Elem entary. 
M A IN T A IN E D W IT H P R ID E 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
233 H E R W E C K D R 344 58o4 

Iron' 

IF YOU Q U A L IF Y 

I Bedroom I Bath $14? SIV * 
J Bedroom I Bolti $159 $721 
I Bedroom ? Bath $179-$246 
All Utilities. Central Air an d Heat 
R e tt ige r atar 
R a n g e . D is p o s a l. 
D r o p t rips, T V A n te n n a, S to r a g e 
U nits ond M are 
Approxim ately IS 
M inutes from M ilitary B ases 
924 o41o_______ 7914 R o e s*veil A v * 
LA B A N D E R A A P T S 
U x u R Y I and 2 bedroom opts 
1171 B A N D E R A R D 433 3314 

YARD UKE PATIO 
G ardener s D e ligh t 
3 bedroom , 2 bath ap artm ent hom e, beautifully decor ated W asher D rye r included 
E xclusive area Can 828 11 o 1 s A A P A R T M E N T L O C A T O R S 

4o6 HOUSES, DURUMS 
WHISHED 

A L A M O H E I G H T S 3 b lk s n ig h sch oo l. 3 ?-?. su n p o rch , t e n t r o l air heal $25o month 322 979o 
B A C H E L O R S E F F IC IE N C Y B ills paid Corbet, oar 
N ear Ft S a m 
51 IO per mo 874 6788 
•415 E. L O C U S T • off M cC ullo ugh 2 bedroom 274 4868 
F R E E utilities Attractive, tu rn , b e dro o m neor Ft Sam . $13o m o 
824 6/88 

M o v e now, 3 -1 'i-t, w ash dry, air carpet, fenced for pets too 
United, 735 9)31, fee (779 3) 
N e a r f t 
S a m , 2 b e d r o o m a p p lia n t es, c e n tr a l o ir heat, $15o 
736 7235 or I 885 7123 

N E A R U T S A E ffic ie n c y co ttage sw im m ing fishing privileges. 
$8o 
69 s 1646 

R anch style house in countr y setting 
N W side S A f urn Utilities pd Pool table >49o m o 696 8oo6 
S E ga ra g e opt, bills pd. paneled carpeted, fenced $13o 
United, 735-9121, tee (781 IT 
134 S U R F R ID E R (L a ck la n d K elly ) 
3-t. oir, tence, $16o 626 79)3 

I t L A R G E living and dining 
Wctlx in < insets, (o v e re d p a rk in g an d outside sto ra ge , w a lk in g dis lance oil shopping t h e H E R IT A G E 
1941 Babcock at N W Loop 41o 
___________ 
341 2228 

 l i v e ' b e t t e r f o r l e s s * 
G R O U N O L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
K U R N O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
293) E 
S O U T H C R O S S 
514 88o8 

W e hove the la rg e st se le ctio n of rentals in S. A See th* profession dis Call 
United, 73) y in , tee Fee 

L O O K IN G F O R T H E ID E A L A P T * 
W E H A V E IT 
2 Bedroom s. 2 Full 
Lain-, (overed balconies tor plants an d bar b cu e in g, s to r a g e room 
Spacious roam s, M s ©I pantry and 

TH E H E R IT A G E 
1943 Babcock at NW Loop 4)o 
_________341 322o 
Low er I room s, ond bath. refrig, 
17o6 W C raig Prefer settled couple 

 r 

IrO Week pills pd N ear Ft Sam no pets atter l l 73) 6412 

F R E E S E R V IC E 
APARTMENT FINGERS 
824 6351 

 fRfl SOUTHSIDE 
1oCAIQR SERVICE 
I Hic K nees 
I 2 o nd 3 b e d ro o m s 

Furn G a ra g e Efficiency, O lm os l > 

 i i 19 G R A N T A V E 

Kelly Vie w Apts opt $ 135 
I Bra 

L IV E B E T T E R F O R L E S S 1 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O R U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
2931 E 
S O U T H C R O S S 
)J4 OOI 
M E T R O H O U SE DOW NTOW N 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y -F U R N 
112o to S13S 2)3 4TM ST. 22o Z U J 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or ever pay 
W IL S H IR E A P T S 
Block or Ft Sam North G ate 
o2+91)9 824 1)94 
1oo9 W S U M M IT I bean 
>qid Appt 828 vote 
,U I 
347 W W A R E 
Off S Flores ond S E M ilita ry D r 
Bedroom air, carpet, water pd 
$12o 922 921o Mgr Apt I 
817* i W W O O D L A W N 
Efficiency 
I adult lean Go 
Daly $65 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

A A A A A A H H 
AT L A S TI Br 

932 DOS 

AAAa'~OE A L ! 

Y O U R O W N H O M E 
Beautiful townhouse with 
H O nly $1oo down SUO 
IO C R E D IT > NO P R O B t paym ent M arch 
P A T M C V E Y 
474 2)33 bede on* rer i, 
$2o 

696 7 4 2o W A Y N E S L A T E R 344 o916 
' a l a m o H E IG H T S * 
Townhouse, urtfurn, 2 I 1?, carpeted, drones stove, refrigerator, central nits pay 
■merit lo adults 
>26 64/S, 

 gas and blee bos and shop tty 
652 484) pel 

N A 

N EW Room y 3 ? 2 trodio 
I sto ry c o n d o m in iu m if to Kelly U SAA. U TSA 
‘enter oft Bandera gild 
Bds Near T B ird Mills, tarp*), wall wall, ronge, 
I ' a o-.O’ dishwasher, drapes down 
Hons, central heat air, Brick, eery min void, no refrigerator. Lease tor I or 2 yrs, $3oo lier mo small deposit Frank l eonard, 7J4-67S6 or 
69(1 1673 at night 

 u R TOWNHOUSE 
Serf rooms, air heuf $13o Water 
I Polio l$f El Mio 4o8 Ira Ne 
141 8446 49* Se7>. 8,4 6777 
NO C O M P L A IN T S 
" lout the storage in a 2 bedroom , th (nosier bede oom suti 
Walk in fit? y . 
T H E H E R IT A G E t)4i Babcock ai NW Loop die 
341 2226__________ 

OAK HILLS VILLAGE 
AMfnvt#nv& arui T 
1847 B A B C O C K 344 9726 
One Bedroom Unfurnished Garage 
Apt $75 8266847 

 p l a n t n u t s ion t m iss me H eritage if y o u '* laking tor the ideal opt to keel louts I Or ? covered patios, to very apartment 
TH E H E R IT A G E 
1S43 B A B C O C K al HW Loop 41o 
____________ 341 2228 
126 
R A N G E R S i i I bedroom 
V S 433 664? 

(S o u th e a st oft duplex $55 mo 

IIC 
I C e d ioon, per son on) stave 
7 J? 5244 frig, 

S a h a r a 
A p ts 
I S H ) 
S a h a r a 
344 *471 I bedroom $17) /B e d ro o m 
$19) 
J Bedroom $28) All e ie d r ic kitchen Bills paid 

S E C U R I T Y 
P I U S 
Apts of Distinction 
E Hic urn* ie* 
I and 2 bedroom s t uriushed ond U nfurnished 
T H E V I L L A F O N T A N A 
123 B R A C K E N R ID G E A V E 
(O F F 27oo B R O A D W A Y ) j y & u iL 
SUNSET RIDGE APTS. 
La rge I and 2 Bedroom s, 
F R O M I I I / 96 ( F U R N $13) ) 
116 V A N D E R H E C K 824 2349 
O F F N N E W B R A U N F E L S 

Woodlawn Terrace. I bdrm , with air ond heat, real clean $9o 
United 735 9131, 
_ 

(UU HOMES. DUfliXtS, 
UNFURNISHED 

A A A A B A R G A IN ' $165 m o 
Don rent B u y 1 3 bedroom s, only $2oo to m o ve in ' Is l p a y m e n t in M a r c h 
Little or no credit necessary 
696 742o W A Y N E S L A T E R 684 41*9 
A A A A 
ID E A 
D O N T W A S T E Y O U R M O N E Y 
W IT H R E N T W H E N Y O U C A N 
O W N Y O U R O W N H O W l W I TH A S 
L IT T l f 
A S $1oo D O W N 
A N D 
P A Y M E N T S H O O 
N O C R E D I T 
N E C E S S A R Y 
6 / 5 1 *9 1 
6/4 48U9 

P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

Abundant Southside Rentals 

 m i n i r 
H E N Dt 
ON 

 r n - 7 3 1 1 
Beanie Owens Co 
45o SYV M ilitory Dr 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

A Choice of 14 Bedroom homes to rent t ease with option to bay Own your home N O W ! $19o to $9oo mo 
G A S E B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
69o 899o E v e s 496 6 8 o $ , 342-7712 
KFY GROUP 
A O f at tim e to rt**if7 te a * * with optio n to b u y , o r © * n yo u r o * home where we poor ort tee to buy 
SMK* cinyfimi? witty© 3 yrs. 3 or b€dr ooms, $19o ISO© m o Coll 
IN T E R S T A T E >26 6755 tit 8 pm 
2oo3 A N C H O R I bedroom 
I bath fully carpeted ond draped, and fur niched kitchen, $1*5 
144 *2o7 484 433o 
D e o n ie O w e n s C o 

A N extra la i t * 2 bedroom duplex cjM opuM orttC'v )H IO o n d y y 
Jackson 22o N ew son $185 
>44 J113 
A Hire 4 2 I. ell appliances, fenced 
Neor U T S A . U S A A 
M e d Center 
K e lly L a c k la n d le a s e $25o P i 
Pep 144 5693 
Att roc five J I ■ IC P . refr ig e rg to i 
Ii . w oshei ■ bet heal air 4714 Castle Rose Sloe m o >34 488o 

B argin H unters! 3 bdrm , stove and mr, storage Only $14) 
United, 73) o)21, tee 1781 I) 
NMM B A R R A N C A 
? bedroom duplex with le frigerator an d stove 
So u th sid e $ l2 S + ae b 
34 1 8134 or 342 o9>3 

CHOICE RENTALS 
UNFURNISHED HOMES 
I 5 6 o / W G T A A l l 4 bedroom . T h bath. 2 cor go ro ge 
Carpet, p rivacy fence. In Hidden Fore** $ 4 5 o 
4 5 
S U T T O N 
P I A C I 7 bedroom , 
2Vz both condom infjm with ail the ex t»os $ 4 3 o p iu s condom inium fee 

5 8 o ? W O O C K # B IS S 3 bedroom. 2 bath, I car garage , central heat A air 
Convenient to Randoinh & Ft 

Sa m $ 2 2 5 

4 8 4 ? C A S T U A R M S — 3 bed room s, 
2 both* 
Fenced yard 
2 
Pat tov Convenient to Randolph and 
Ft Sa m $ 1 8 5 

2 4 2 3 C IN C IN N A T I 
~ Duplex, 2 bedroom . 
I bath, air conditio'Ted, q a ra ge 
C onvenient to St 
M a ry s 
University $ 1 o 5 N o Pets 

APARTMENTS 
4 8 5 B U B B R O A D N ee I bedroom , 
I bath furnished garage apartm ent 
Convenient to B A M C 
$ 1 / o 
W ater paid. 

5 o 2 W M A G N O L I A I bedroom , I both, furnished oft street parking. 
$ 1 1 o W ate r & town care pard N o 

 pets 
5 2 8 N A T A I I N I bedroom , I both, furnished, 
I tar go ro ge 
W ate r S 
(aw n rare pcid 
Convenient to lr 
Sa m $ 1 1 o N o peH 

928-99o1 A N Y T IM I 

 t f o s o u r & k £ i m > 

Rf ALTOM— 5fi Tears of Trust 

CHOICE RENTALS 

4 BEDROOM, 2 bath, Excellent location 
$285 

3 
BEDROOM, 
2 bath, ap plionces 
$225 

3 BEDROOM, immediate oc­ cupancy............ 
$185 

3 BEDROOM, Section 8 OK. Op 
(ion available 
$175 

4 
BEDROOM, large family room 
$25o 
Century 21 
Delaney Realty 
653-o55o 

CHOKE RENTALS 
#** 

■7626 denshire 3 1 ..........$18o 
4So7 Woikiki 3 2 ...........$2oo 
■674/Spring Lark 3 2 2 ... $28o 
221 Dnftwind 3 2 2 
... $35o 
363o Ridgewood 3 2 2 . 
$35o 

MANY MORE TO CHOOSE (ROM 
Call 828-57o4 

C E N T U R Y 21 

BOB RODGERS, REALTORS 

CHOICE RENTALS 
7118 GLEN CREEK 
3 2 2, 
$ 3 1 o mo. 
Central oir heat, stove with double oven, garbage disposal, dishwasher, privacy fence. 
72o6 
GLEN 
MIST 

Townhouse, 3 1 PP, $ 2 o o mo. 
Central air-heat, stove, dishwasher, g a r­ bage disposal, privacy fence. 
7227 WESTPORT WAY 
3 I 
I, $ 1 7 5 mo. Central air- heat, stove, refrigerator, fenced, 
73o6 QUIET VALLEY 
3 1 1 , 
$ 165 mo. 
2 air con­ ditioners, range, refrig­ erator, fenced. 

I l l lELANI— 3 I CP, $ 1 5 o mo. 
3 air conditioners, range, and fenced yard. 

673-5oB3 342-4115 653-o57o 
W o r ld W id e R e a lt y 

TOP RENTALS rTWO - FOR LEASE OPTION 
One is a darling two story, 3 bedroom in 
N.E. 
School 
District. Rents for S235 or for sole for $28,2oo. 
Or a precious home in Volley 
Forge which rents for $325 or sells for $32,75o. 
Very clean rentals, 3 bed­ rooms, mony closets, fenced yard, $2oo mo. Coll for infol! 
828-6391, Anytime ttIJeamie Owens 
^ 
REALTORS-MES 
1oo3 N.E. Loop 41o 

North Star M a ll 319 R am p art 3 2, 
Den, All Electric Kitchen, Air, Cen lr a l Heat. 924o 34-1 9 )4 8 ________________ 
N W country 2-1-1 on 7 acres, fire ­ place, fish and sw im $2oo 
United, 739 9121, tee (769 2) 
N W 3-112-1, lust painted, large den, fenced for all. $18o 
United, 739 9121, tee (77? 2) 

B ed roo m , t bath, la rg e fenced yard. carport, quiet nleghborhood, white wall to wall carpet and drapes 
(liv in g room d ra p e s h a n d m ad e ). 
N ear K elly-L ack lan d Ow ner tra n s­ ferred. $16o per month. D a lla s (214) 
241 5991 

Bedroom , ce ntral air-heot, cock North, 828-69o7 
B ab 

 b e d ro o m house, l ’ j both, 417o month, $9o deposit and m ust have first arid last month in advance 
628 1112 

 bedroom house, 836 Santa Anna. 
732 o298; 736 -17it 

$13o $155. 
B L A N C O R D and B A S S E RD. 
12 Bedroom s. Gos-W ofer Rd 
6831 B A IL W O O D 34 2 3 7o2 
14)4 B U R L E S O N $179, very larqe 3 b e d ro o m ho use 
2222 N 
P a n a m . duplex, 3 bedroom , $13o, water paid 
JI 8999 

481o CASA ESPANA 
O I I N a c o g d o c h e s Rd. in S ie r r a 
North. 3 2, central hoot air, fenced 
Patio $22o 344 3471, flites 341 1782 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
3-2 I. central air-heat, dishw ashe r, stove, p rivacy tence, neor schools, m alls, and hospital 
$26o month 
439 o372 
C H A R M IN G 3 B E D R O O M 2 bath, c e n tra l air heat, ra n g e , fenced, some carpet, trees. $239 month 
696 1234 
RED CARPET 
Choice Rentals, H arm o ny H ills 
3 ond 4 bedroom hom es $27$ - up 
LO U F O R K S 341-o1 IO 
City view in lh * hos range, central air, fenced $2oo 
United, 739-913). tee (847-3) 
C lo se to Ft 
Sa m , lo v e ly 4 I * >-1, stove, re fn g. carpet, on quiet cut de soc $26o m onth 693-4313 
C O L O N IE S N O R T H 
N ear M e d ic a l Center ond U S A A lo v e ly 3 2 2, fam ily room , central heat a ir, fenced v ord L e a se $39o mo. pius deposit 
M O N T E V IS T A R E A L T Y 
739 o489 R E A L T O R S M L S 739 9244 

O F F U R B A N C R E S T N E S C H O O L S 
4-2-2. huge den (fireplace), heot-air, built in kitchen, $38o Y e a rs lease 
No pets 824 3233, 876-1993 
M A Z IE S A L E H IL L , R E A L T O R 
P A R K V IL L A G E 
3 1 I carpet fenced. $18o 
M O R R IS R E A L T Y 659 4996 
Re ar 4 sm all room house, children welcome, $1o5. mo. all bills pd dep. 
WO. 533 1o44. 
R e gency P la c e Duplex, 3 2 1, cen trot heot a ir, carp e t, all e le c tric k itch e n , la u n d r y co n n , p r iv a c y fenced, yard kept, water paid. $295. 
653 4511 
Available 
Is l week in 
January._________________________ 

RENT A HOME! 
3 2 2. $25o. Call 655 6848 
Morton Southwest Really 
R E N T A L S 
Choice N E Rentalr 
W E H A N D L E 
Com e See Us 
RUDDY UECKER 
824 7361, 1324 Austin Hwy 
Rent with option to B U Y . 3-T1 a, den 
(or 4th bedroom ), central air-heat, fenced, appl 623-142o_______ 

R O C K - R E N T 
V A L L E Y H I A R E A 32 1 new shag carpeting, owner anxious 
$275 mo +dep 
I Y E A R O L D , all appliances, 3 1 I. storage. sm oke a la rm s 
S25o mo. 4 dep. 
VAN BUREN & ASSOC 
684 7171 
344 7122 
344 1o89 
247 Sabvan. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths fenced, garag e $19o m o Ben L a m ber! Co 1o51 Austin Hw y 826 8663 
4142 Scarlet Oak 3 bedroom , fence and carport $145. Ben Lam b ert Co 
1o51 Austin Hw y 826 6663 
S P O T L E S S 3-2-2 with oil appliances 
$29o. 341 4484 
RED CARPET 

S T O P L O O K IN G ! C a ll now tor a large selection of 3 and 4 bedroom hom es to rent, lease with ootion to buy or own Price d from $2oo $6oo mo. Call til 8 P M 
Executive R e al E state 824-9345 
2oo S.VV. Loop 41o, 3 bedro o m s goths Stove, refrig 
$2oo takes this 3-2. built-ins refrig, big yard, see 
United, 73$ 9171, fee (787 2) 

 plus 

1221 T H O R A IN E I bedroom , panel he at, w a sh e r c o n n e c t io n s , $95. 
22? 8687. 73? 23o1_____________ 
T ry this 3-11 i-C P and storage, stove, fenced for kids-pets. SISO 
United, 73$ 9121, fee (824 2) 
95 Tulane 2 I I 
634 W Mistletoe furn etfic 
SI IO 
5123 
8ARNEBEY AGENCY341 -4455 

C R O W N R ID G E 
Townhouse, 3 bdrm , 2 bath, carpet cd. draped, club priv. $275 655 4624 
614 E 
D R E X E L 
1-11 
$13$ 
24o3 R IG S B Y 
3 I C P 
$14o 
5o7 Y U K O N 
3-2-1 
$18$ 
3831 A N T O N 
3-1'I 2 
$25o 
532 5145 
DEANIE OWENS CO 
E L D O R A D O 3 2 2. den, fireplace, covered patio, fully carpeted, water softener, centro! air heat, fenced 
512 689) atter 6pm and weekends 
E X E C U T IV E H O M E 
F o r le a se , 4 la r g e b e d ro o m s , 3 b a th s, c a rp e ts, d r a p e s, c a ll tor m ore information. 
824-4521 nile* 
342 4849 
Turner Realty 

V A L L E Y F O R E S T L o v e ly 4 be d io o m , 2 both hom e with all a p plionces S25o per m o 674-541) 
RED C A R PET w on t lost! R o m b o w Hilts. 4 I i t, central air, appl, fenced. $179 
United, 735 917), tee (7713) 
W O O D L A W N H I L L S O ld e - 3 be drown, 2 bath, living with fireplace, large den, paneled heat, air units 
$225 month 341 *144 
H O W A R D T A T E 
CENTURY JI 
_____ 

412-ROOMS, FURNISHED 

A T T R A C T I V E B e d r o o m 
Se rn private both, kitchen privilege SII per week Ladies only 433 667o 
M on te V ista , p riv a te lo o m bath quiet mole, oir, $6o 735 6692______ 
N o rth sid e . E l D o r a d o 
K itc h e n w o sh e r d r y e r , c lu b p r iv ile g e s convenient to Randolph Ft, Sam , N o bus service >35 week 6S6 7S7? 

For tease in New Braunfels. 2 be drow n nome on beautiful tree shod ed property, turn or unfurn Prefer retired couple I 625 8869 otter 6pm 
F O R L E A S E L a rg e 2 bedroom , 2^ J bath s Tow nho m e 
L iv in g, d in in g, fam ily and utility room s 2 car gar a g e fire p lace , b ra n d new 
Y a r d in i- tarnished 
P oy own utilities 
N o pets P re stig io u s G o lf C o u rse 
Subaivision $49$ per m o Coll P A 
Yocbem buy 824 7532. nit*-, 826 6872 

1736 W H uiM K he room. clean, SA C 
St M a ry I $45 bills Od 342 9754 

416 ROOMS KITH BOARD 

 lf 4$ or o ve r, need a hom e with couple care, food, transportation 
) 32-1**4.______ 
R o o m with B o a r d , tor e ld e rly . g o o d m e a ls, r e a s o n a b le ra te : laundry done. $33 > 84o cr 661 3275. 

G reen lawn, 3 bdrm , ca rp o rt ond storage, fenced for oil SISO 
United, 735 *171, f— (783 I) 
211 G R E E N M E A D O W Only $275 tor luxurious 3 I, fo rm al livin g dining, arge den, 344 18oo 
Here s a 2 bdrm , separate dining, laundry connections, no lease 
United. 739 *131, fee ( T H J) 
How about this 3-7 I, c e n tral oir- heot appl, fireplace, fenced $185 
United, 735 *13), tee (774-2) 
Hunt and fish 12 acres, 4 2. all appl. pool tuft $35o 
United, 73$ *121. fee (77$ I) 
*oo IV Y . 
3 ? 2 den, air, fence pipe e Su5o 826 513 7 8 28 7993 
J E N N IN G S Clean 2 e e n c lo se d p o rch , id, $145. 924 o629 

 bedroom , io rp e te d . 

Kids, pets welcom e in Ibis 2 bdrm , neor Kelly $1oo Call 
United, 73$ *121. tee (771 3) 
La ck lan d Kelly arco troth, carport with Ste 
$175 6/4 2584 

I begroan o at, tenc 

L E A S E 2-1, T hu nderbird H ills do piex, central air heat $17o month 
7 I H H I . 

I iveauk A lc o , i b e d ro o m , 2 full 
Oaths fireplace, I cor garage, targe fenced ya rd , co ve re d patio. $255 

L o v e ly d u p , l l. a ll o p a l 
N 
41o Central Pk $21o $21 Souttitrail 
344-oo*4 

M O N T E V i ST A O n M u lb e r r y 
I 
Story 
? be dro o m . ? both, p o rtly turn living, d in in g den. lib ra ry , fire p lace K itch e n with stove, re lrtgeratar, organic garden, trees in 
Irani No children No dogs. please 
SKH) mo pius g o v tights 733 8882 

N A C O P E R R IN A R E A it. old hom e lust painted 3 be oom, carpe ted teared, c e n tral heal Brainge $195 494 )229 
N ear Ft Sam , 2 bedroom s, I bath 
•M e a $69 m onthly 828 2/22 
Neor Kelly, 3 bedroom , den, central on heot, feared yard, 2 car drive way, deposit inquired 684 1618 
N E A R L A C K I A N D K E L L Y I be drow n 2 both. double g a ra g e fully carpeted All ap pliances R ealtors 
674 J557 
H O D S D O N A A S S O C IA T E S 

You’ll he amazed at the interesting jobs offered in today's 
Want Ads! 
Coll 225-1666 

N eor to town, I bdrm , with 2 tire places fenced, now lust $7o 
U nited 73$ U t ) , foe (77) I) 
N E *4 bdrm , i t ] b a m centi al air, appl kids, pets ok $22) 
United, 73) *13), too (773 I) 
N O C R E D IT N E E D E D ! 
W hy nut own your own hom e? Just 
S IM aow n! F ro m $14* per month 
*22 *78+ 
P A T M C V E V 
674 3)23 
N O R T H E A S T 
7 2 7, )?3 B U R N S ID E SJ/S 
4 1 .-J, fenced $225 
12 1. fenced $22o 
J 2 CP, fireplace $185 i l l , ferried. $175 
82? 1552, Anytim e 
M U M A U K IU TY 

N ortheast J bedroom . 2 tutti, lur yr; den, central oir and heot 2 cor gar age, carpet throughout, call ofter $ pm 65J 5*18 

EXPR ESS- 
MEWS 
Want 
Ads 
CALL 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

Placing Your Ad In 
The Northside Sun Is Easy. 

The Only Thing You Need 
Is A Pencil And A Little 
Imagination In Creating 
Your Very Own 
Classified Ad. 

When You’ve Finished— 
The Ad Blank Tells You 
How Much Your Ad 
Will Cost.. 

Publicity and Business 

New s Releases Can be 

Deposited In These Stands. 

Shown Is Ramon Hernandez, 
Westwood Furniture And Appliance, 
South Park Mall 

The Average 15-Word, 
3-Ljne Ad 
Will Cost You Only 

$ 1 .6 5 

Or Call 225-1666 
And Just Say 
“Charge It”! 

Northside 
S u n 

Published Every 
Wednesday. 
Deadline For Your Copy 
Is Friday, I o A.M. 

5 o , o o o 
Newspapers 
Home Delivered 

Northside Sun A d Blank Stands Are C on ­ veniently 
Placed 
For 
You 
At 
These locations; 
I 

SKAG G S ALEF R ISO N 
Bandera Rd ut 4 1o 

HANDY ANDY 
Control Park Mall 

HANDY ANDY 
West Avenue at Blonco 

HANDY ANDY 
Son Pedro at Oblate 

HANDY ANDY 
Naco Perrin (Bertel) 

HIB 
North Star Mall 

HFB 
Blanco at Basse 
HFB 
Gateway Center 
Pat Booker Rd 
PIGGIY WIGGLY 
San Pedro at Oblate 
PIGGIY WIGGLY 
Randolph Plaza 
Pat Booker Rd 
DELUXE SUPERMARKET 
23o7 Vance Jackson 
DELUXE SUPERMARKET 
41o7 Blanco Rd, 

1977 means Cotton... r 
T H I V U I R HAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 

 i _________________ SPORTS 

Page 
I -E 
January I I 977 
N ebraska 
Tech 

DALLAS — For the fourth time in its 83-year history, the 
University of Maryland lias an unbeaten and untied football team in a major bowl game. 

But unlike the other three gam es, the T errap in s seem to have m ore at stake than a perfect record 
M aryland, intent on clim bing col­ leg e f o o t b a ll’s s o c ia l la d d e r and achieving the national respectability 

IS TI , I p .i n Channel A 

 that goes with it, plays the University of Houston in the 41st Cotton Bowl 
Classic Saturday. 
Kickoff is 1:1o p.m . before a near sellout crowd at the Cotton Bowl and a national television audience. 
When M aryland played in the 1951 
S u g a r B ow l a n d th e ‘53 a n d ‘55 
O range Bowls, its claim as a m ajor college power was not suspect. Nor was E astern football. And a national c h a m p io n s h ip w as not on th e line since the final ratings w ere posted at the end of the reg u la r season. 
B ut this y e a r, desp ite an 11-o re ­ cord, the T e rrap in s feel they have not 

P au l H ill 
O ur m an al llir T oll on H ow l 
... Sugarj 
Orange and Rose 

J o h n H in es 
Our m an a l I ho 
Itlu o b o n n el B o w l 

HOUSTON — Despite a re­ cord-setting performance by 
San Antonian Billy Taylor of 
Texas Tech, the Nebraska 
Cornhuskers captured a thrilling 27-24 Astro-Blubonnet 
Bowl victory over the Red 
Raiders Friday night. 

Taylor, a junior from Jay , becam e the first player in the 18-year history of th is bowl to sc o re th r e e to u c h ­ downs in a single gam e. 
N e b r a s k a s c o r e d th e w in n in g touchdown in the third q u arter after a partially-blocked punt. 
IO men 

T he H uskers ru sh ed IO m en on a fourth and two at the Tech 19 midway through the third period and m onster m an Kent S m ith got a hand on the ball to set up N ebraska at the R aider 
23. 
On th e fir s t p la y N e b r a s k a QB 
V ince F e r r a g a in o found sp lit end 
Chuck Malito alone in the left corner for the winning m argin. Al Eveland kicked good to produce the final score with 7:o1 left in the third. 
Tech attem p ted two field goals in the re m a in in g tim e but B rian Hall was wide on a 32-yarder in the third period and a 37-yarder with 4:27 left in the gam e. 
N e b rask a got the ball back on a fumble at the Tech 22 and was on the 
Raider nine when the gam e ended. 
Raider quarterb ack Rodney Allison set a bow l record of 29o y ards in total offense and was n am ed the g a m e ’s most outstanding back. 
Malito. who caught three passes for 
1o7 y a rd s , w as honored as th e top lineman 
Two Roosevelt exes had productive evenings, also, as gu ard Mike Sears m ade the key block on one of T aylor's touchdowns and blocked for him for a first down at th e N e b ra sk a 21 just before th e last s tra y field goal a t ­ tem pt. 
Complete 

Tight end Sylvester Brown caught a 16-yard pass and nearly m ade a n ­ oth er g ra b th at would have been a 

BILLY TAYLOR picks up yardage for Tech against Nebraska 
AP W IREPHOTO 

ASSOCIATED PRISS 
Two of tho four bowl games on New' Year’s Day most likely will decide college football’s national championship. All the same, two of the four coaches involved can’t help but dally a while in the past. 

Johnny M ajors, whose top ranked 
Pitt P an th ers face No 
5 G eorgia iii th e S u g a r B ow l, a n d Bo S e h e m - bechler, whose No. 2 M ichigan m eets 
No. 3 Southern ( ’a1 in the Rose Bowl, have been th e re b efo re—one could alm ost add, “ unfortunately.” 
T he last tim e M ajors was involved in the Sugar Bowl was 2o years ago, as a runninghack for Tennessee, lie had had a b rillia n t y e a r, fin ish in g 

T EL E V ISIO N 
IS SCC AK - I CAO a.m.. H um . 12 
IS ROSE - A:AO p.m., ( Jinn. I 
IS (PRANCE - o:15 p.m ., ( Jinn. I 

 second to N o tre D am e s P au l H a r­ ming in the H eism an Trophy ballot­ ing. 
But this day was not to he his 
Tennesse, leading 7-6. was driving for a touchdown in the third q u arter w hen M ajo rs* t e a m m a t e , g u a r d 
Bruce B u rn h am , was kicked i i i the head. 
“ B u rn h am w ent into convulsions, and he was given the last rites on the field,” Majors said, ‘‘It was the most horrible thing I’ve ever seen .” 
In th e f o u r th q u a r t e r , M a jo r s dropped a p u n t d eep in T e n n e sse e territory, and Bay lur went rn for the winning touchdown. 
T he S u g a r Bowl will he M a jo rs ’ last g a m e w ith P ittsb u rg h 
He will 

Kentucky bags the peaches 

TELEVISION 
Saturday 
11:3o a.m. (Ch. 12) — Sugar Bowl: 
Pittsburgh vs. Georgia. 
I p.m. U h 4) - NFL Highlights. 
1 p .in. (Ch. 5) — Cotton Bowl: 
Houston vs. Maryland. 
3:3o p.m . (Ch. 4) — Rose Bowl: 
Michigan vs. Southern California. 
6 p.in. (C h. 41) — Wrestling. 
6:45 p m. (Uh. 4) — Orange Bowl: 
Ohio State vs. ( d orad o 
9 p.m. (Uh. 41) — Boxing. 

Sunday 
11:45 a . in. (Uh. 41) — S o ccer: 
America vs. i rut A/ul. 
Noon (Uh. 5) — NBA Basketball: 
P h ila d elp h ia 76ers vs. New York 
Nets. 
Noon (Ch. 12) — American Bowl 
C ollege A ll-Star G am e, North vs. 
South 
2 p m. (Uh. 5) — Sun Bowl: Texas 

AkM \s. Florida. 
2 p.m. (Uh. ll) — Knockout: Box­ ing Highlights. 
2:3o p.m. (Uh. 4) — Shrine East- 
West Football (•ame. 
3 p in. (Uh. 12) — The American 
Sportsman. 
3:3o p.m. (Uh. 12) — Wide World of 
Sports: World Series of Auto Racing fe a tu r e s 
In te rn a tio n a l 
R ace of 
Champions; Vienna Ice Revue. 
RADIO 
Saturday 
1 p .in. (W O AI, 12oo) — Cotton 
Bowl Houston is. Maryland 
3:45 p .m . (WOAI, 12oo) — Rose 
Bowl. Michigan vs. Southern Califor­ nia. 
6:55 p m. (WOAI, 12oo) — Orange 
Bowl: Ohio State \s . Colorado. 

Sunday 
2 p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — San Antonio 
Spurs vs. Denver Nuggets. 

ATLANTA (A P) - Bowl- starved Kentucky, making its first appearance in a post-sea­ son classic in 25 years, took charge in the second half be­ hind an aroused defense and three touchdowns by 
Rod 
Stewart for a 21-o victory over 
North Carolina Friday in the ninth annual Peach Bowl foot­ ball game. 

S te w a r t , a s o p h o m o r e fu llb a c k fro m L a n c a s t e r , O hio, s n a p p e d a scoreless tie when he plunged over from one yard out early in the third period. He scored again on a 13-yard burst early in the fourth period and added his third TD on a three-yard run with 3:o4 left to play. 
Mike Voight, North C arolina’s run ­ ning back who gained 1.4o7 yards this year and was voted the Atlantic Coast 
Conference P l a y e r of th e Y e a r, 

As o f now, the 'FunBowl’ 

EL PASO — As the count­ down continues for Sunday’s kickoff in the Sun Bowl, the 
Florida Gators realize that they are out-numbered. 

You w ill find fixe T e x a s A ggie rooters for every G ator fan here i i i th is b o rd e r city and th a t lop sid ed 

See AGS, Page IE 

H urry ItohinKon 
O ur m an a1 th e Nun H ow l 
||jf 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— Saturday January I 1977 
SPORTS 

 t m t d f 

 vm mrnrn* 
Vm> Ut 
<%»*»■•»■♦>■««• 
<►«*■* 4ff 

Mi 

■•■:■ ■# ■;•/•.< 
*>, >Xv. 
>W> V.'-i 
;.v+/- 
•*« ‘V w;v-r .« :,x* 
• //***»«*»#.. :*** 
(ft,, » 
'•>*•./•• tbKHf **•..*•*» 
’ 
V *>*5» "*<* tis r...;/ <•<.... ....... 
■ w-:" »-:'Xx'.x xxx 
••■: 

• 
• m I 
I V ! T U 
4 s join the JNBA as basketball war ends 

 im « - Wjy.'s 
’ '*■** .......... 
£<- 

Xy >:•:■>» Av. v. /..v 
•>;./;>v 
• tty y. yyx-.y;<• 
>v<: 9/M 
■■■■ ><t>yy '/iv.-o- it; v .. 

■ xxi XU* I to ,x-,> 
V*»»x» tfrt+siwv,, 
"■■■’ 
'* M ", 'XX", W X , ,X, xx oo« -1x^1 Jx., "...'XXX x w * 
XX 

K- X.x>v^d\ Xv x- 'xxi- , xjw *. "♦ (xxx : *>X"X x,x, 
«> . 
' x , ... 
<•* 
WX to w «',x< xx '*< xx:! 

 fx •■< 
•■> 
, ■ ' . ' ■• 
V o so>» VXX 
,,/•.■ 
-.x-Xx-x V x j/ Xv ow* fx*.</.x f V c - 

B> ( LIFFORD BROYLES AND MIKE BRI TON 
C» TH) IXPRtSS NEWS STAN 
That new league and a long-awaited state championship topped sports news in San Antonio during the Bicentennial year. 
Iii a year when history was spotlighted from nearly every conceivable angle. San Antonio made its niche in the record books when the Spurs finally joined the NBA and Churchill completed its drive to the state football crown. 
The drama that culminated in the end of the American 
Basketball Association, the red, white and blue ball and the three-point shot, came to a head on the morning of June 17 in 
Hyannis, Mass. It was a Thursday. 
The National Basketball Association, for a fee of $3.2 million per team, took in San Antonio, Indiana, Denver and the New 
York Nets. A new era in San Antonio had begun. 
Then came Churchill. 
Not even a clear favorite to win its district title when the year began, the Chargers were tougher to budge than taffy before the season was half through. 
Churchill, with a 15-1) season, brought San Antonio its first state championship since Lee's 1971 club, when the Chargers blunted the sharp claws of the Temple Wildcats, 1o*o, on a chilly afternoon in mid-Decemnber. 
It was an early Christmas present for San Antonio's pride. 
Also in 1971) the City Council agreed to enlarge Con­ vention Center Arena by 6,ooo seats to boost the Spurs, 

 while Thunder soccer team took its business elsewhere. 
The Thunder and owner Ward Lay bid SA Aloha and changed their North American Soccer League address to 
Honolulu. 
San Antonio's fate as a soccer city has not yet been sealed 
The Philadelphia Atoms, treading hazardously on an eco­ nomic base, have shown an interest in moving their franchise south. When the new year began there was still no definite word one way or the other. 
San Antonio was host for the Texas League All-Star game, 
Aug. 2. The slumping Texas Rangers came south to bombard the All-Stars, 18-4, before a packed house at V.J. Keefe Field.* 
Others tim es were not as good to the Brewers. 
Owner Jack W illiams, fuming at the lack of support from 
San Antonians, announced he would sell the club. He did. 
Former major leaguer Wally Moon bought it and renamed the team the Dodgers, his old big league ally. Moon then announced he would bring in the Dodgers as the parent club and left the Texas Rangers out in the cold. 
St. Mary’s won yet another Big State Conference basketball championship, but failed in its bid to advance to the NAIA tournament for the third straight year. 
The Rattler baseball team earned a spot in the limelight, advancing to the playoffs and, for the first time in school history, advanced to the NAIA World Series in St. Joseph's, 
Mo. 
Traditional baseball power South San Antonio was at it 

Spur# m il ha re I Tilt pick in dmfi 
• v !*<'"! ;' Hr xxx- • • _ 
' .''lr ' 
».«X(x*4 
V* 
,,vivv’ 

 ttr* ii 

 lAftftV WAUN is* wMh ")3 mttoi vt im st stt&srt Hi tfm r 
&«&•>« 
WMS. Ami r**vrx> ** ’&M 
*»>»>»> v . 
X V 
V< 
.(> 

 again. The Bobcats advanced to state finals before losing to 
Duncanville, 2-o. The loss snapped a 3o-gaime win streak. 
In Am erica’s Bicentennial setting, their wfere were All- 
American boys in SA. All-American football players, that is. 
Rice's Tommy Kramer from Lee, Baylor’s Gary Green from 
Sam Houston, and Texas A&I’s Larry Collins of Edison were thusly honored. 
Mark Ross and Joe Vito Buenrostro help put San Antonio’s bowling com m unity on the map. Ross set a state and city record with an 866 series on March 8 at Astro Bowl, while Joe 
Vito captured the Class A All-Events title in the Men’s State tournament in Houston with a 2,o89 total. 
That w asn’t all from the keglers as Mal Meek and Milt 
Syring combined to take fifth place in the regular doubles competition at the national bowling meet in Oklahoma City during the month of May. 
It was indeed a notable year in sports in SA. 
Reviewing the year Chronologically, here are the high points in San Antonio’s Sports Year: 

JANI ARY 
K — Spur assistant Rudy Pavalns nam* d athletic* dirri’tor at UTSA, ef­ fective* Sept I l l — Pitcher Mike Glenn of Judson and Hanger Junior College was se­ lected by the Philadelphia Phillies in the seventh round of the winter free agent draft. 
2o — Four Spurs. Jam es Silas as a starter, and reserves George Gervin, 
Larry' Kennn and Billy Fault/, were named to the ABA All-Star team 
22 — SA athletic great Julius Glos- son was fired from his post as an assistant football coach at SMC be­ cause of NCAA recruiting violations. 
(Hasson maintained he was a scape­ goat iii the case, in which the NCAA tacked additional penalties on the 
Ponies 
25 — A AAA All-State football team was announced without any San An­ tonio representation 
25 — Texas Catholic Interscholas­ tic L eague d isq u a lifie d Healy- 
Murphy’s basketball team from win­ ning a d is tric t title b e c au s e of 
•’blatant” sportsmanship infractions. 
28 — Denver Nuggets beat the ABA 
All-Stars, 144-1.H8. at Denver. 
FEBRUARY 
IO — 
M arty M a rtin ez nam ed manager of the Brewers. 
18 — Holmes was eliminated from the state girls basketball playoffs by 
Weslaco, 58-57. ut K ingsville and 
Judson, likewise, by Austin Johnston, 
57-23, in San Marcos. 
19 — 
B lessed S a c ra m e n t g irls knocked out of TCH. playoffs. 83-48. by Dallas Bishop Lynch. 
2o — 
Clemens ripped K errville 
Tivy. 71-58. to win the boys 14-AAA basketball tit It1 
2) — 
St. M ary's held oft Texas 
L u th e ra n . 83-54. to win its loth straight Big State Conference title. 
22 — Galveston O’Connell downed 
St. Anthony. 49-3H, to win the state 
TOIL AA basketball title. 
23 — Hitchcock slipped past Clem­ ens, 58-55. in Victoria to advance to 
AAA state tournament. 
21 — St. Mary s shocked the colle­ giate baseball world by sweeping a doubleheader from Texas iii Austin, 
5-1. and 5-4 
25 — Bill Blankenship was named athletic director at St. Mary’s, re­ placing E lm e r Kosub, who was named director of development for athletic and recreational facilities 
29 — 
Linky Boshoff defeated Sue 
Slap. 8-3. 7*5, for the singles title of the McFarlin Futures Tennis Tour­ ney 
M MB ll 
1 — pox Tech ousted Holmes from the boys stat*1 playoffs, 88-81 
2 — Burbank booted Highland out oi state playoff picture. 8o-53 
4 — 
Howard P ayne nipped st. 
M ary’s, 82-8o, snapping R a ttle rs ’ 
23-game homecourt winning streak and ending Rattler season 
5 — Jefferson’s Rick Bullock of 
Texas Tech set a Southwest Confer­ ence T o u rn a m e n t reco rd with 44 points against Arkansas in semifin­ als. b — Tom Anderson of Lanier for the boys and Jack Autry of Holmes for the girls were named Express- 
New s High School Basketball coaches of the year. b — Corpus Christi Moody topped 
Fox Tech, 82-81, and Victoria slid past B u rb an k , 44*34, in regional 
AAAA semifinals. 
8 — Mark Ross set a state aud city bowling record with an 888 series 
The 19-year old rig h th a n d e r had games of 3<H1. 29o, and 278. in record­ ing the nation's second highest series this season. 
IS — Sammy Ayala won the state 
Golden Gloves Featherweight boxing title at Fort Worth 
19 — St. M ary’s junior Bobby Reid was named a seeond-tearn All-Amer­ ican. 
28 — 
T h u n d e r sig n e d b r itis h soccer stars Bobby Moore and Bobby 

M< Nab. 
27 —• Sammy Ayala lost National 
Golden G loves se m ifin a l bout to 
Davie A rm strong, who eventually won 1978 Olympic Gold Medal. 
31 — Thunder nipped New York 
Cosmos and legendary Pele, 1-8. at 
Alamo Stadium iii exhibition match belore 14.8o8 fans 
\PR1L 
3 — 
Ron nippon won the Boys' 
Open Scratch Division in the All- 
America Youth Bowling Champion­ ships’ state competition 
8 — Detroit Lions selected High­ lands and Texas A&I-David Hill in second round of NFL draft. 
9 — Philadelphia Eagles selected 
Lee and Texas A&M-ex Richard Os­ borne in the ninth round of draft. 
13 — Mike Ayala made his pro de­ but before a home crowd and stopped 
Javier Moncivias in a unanimous de­ cision at Municipal Auditorium. 
It — 
M idland C ubs topped 
Brewers. 7*1, at Keefe Field in season 
Hpcnrr and San Antonio’s first game under Texas H angers banner. 
MAY 
1 — 
St 
M ary ’s b aseb a ll team blanked st Edward’s. 11-o, as Danny 
Beep and Bob Wagner combined for a six-hitter to win its first Big state 
Conference title since 1971 
2 - 
Mal Meek and Milt Syring finished fifth iii the final regular di­ vision doubles s ta n d in g s in the 
American Bowling Congress’ nation­ al to u rn am en t at O klahom a City. 
Meek and Syring, who combined for a 
1.334, won $1,888 dollars. 
I — Highlands, although set down for seven perfect innings by Steve 
Frederick, nipped New Braunfels, 
1-8, in eight innings to win 29-AAAA baseball title. 
9 — Central Catholic won lourth ll IL AAA state baseball champion­ ship by beating Antonian. 9-3. iii an 
All-San Antonio finale at Houston 
1o — While losing a doubleheader to Texas. 9-8, and 8-1. St. Mary's earned a direct route to the NAIA 
Area playoffs in Phoenix when the 
Executive Com mittee of District 4 upheld an earlier ruling, which kept 
Sam Houston out of playoffs. 
II — 
Marvin Gustafson, athletic director for the San Antonio Inde­ pendent School District, named lo a s im ila r post with the N orthside 
School District. 
15 — Marshall rallied for five runs in the top of the seventh to win a b re a th -ta k in g D istrict 31-AAAA playoff series over Northside rival 
Jay, 1o-5. 
15 — Ja y ’s Mark Anderson set a new city record for the m ile run 
<4 12.8) while finishing second in the state meet at Austin. 
2o — St. Mary’s clipped host Grand 
Canyon, Ari/ . 9-8, to win the NAIA 
Arca 2 baseball crown and advance to the national tournament for the first tune in school history 
24 
South San Antonio shaded 
Highlands, 4-3, and Marshall nipped 
Del Rio, 2*1, to win their AAAA bi* district baseball playoff series. 
22 — Clem ens blanked F re d e r­ icksburg, 4-U, lo w rap u p 14-AAA baseball championship. 
24 — Spurs announced Bob Bass would not be retained as coach, but would stay with the team with the title of assistant to the president. 
24 — 
Spurs* J a m e s S ilas was nam ed to the ABA’s A ll-League 

 tea HT' 
28 — While his team played in the 
NCAA tennis championships in Cor­ pus C h risti, T rin ity Coach Bob 
McKinley announced th a t he had signed two of the top young prospects in the nation. Tony G iam m alva of 
Houston and Larry Gottfried, a Ma­ cArthur graduate. 
27 — South San slipped past M ar­ shall, 4-3, to win AAAA reg io n a l crown, while Clemens had its hopes in AAA ended by Brazosport, 3-o. 
28 — Brenda G oldsm ith, a M a­ cArthur grad and Texas A&M golfer, won the Women’s Southern Amateur 
Golf cham pionship at F ort Sm ith, 
Ark. 
31 — 
T r i n ity ’s Bill Scanlon shocked top-seeded Peter Fleming of 
COLA to win th e NCAA sin g les ch a m p io n sh ip in C orpus C h risti. 
T rin ity finished fourth in te am standings. 
31 — Emporia St.. Kau., shelled St. 
M ary’s. 9-5, with the aid of seven errors, to eliminate the Rattlers from the NAIA World S eries at St. J o ­ seph's. Mo. 
31 — Joe Vito Buenrostro captured the 44th annual Texas M en’s State 
Bowling to u rn a m e n t C lass A all events title with a 2.889 total. Robert 
Villarreal won the Class B all events with 1,889 and Class B singles with 
718. La Feria team, composed of Rick 
Clarkson, Elm er Meyr, Al Eudy, Bob 
Harris and Okie Carberry, won the 
Class A team title. 
JUNE 
2 — South San earned a berth in the sta te b aseball to u rn a m en t by d ip p in g Robstown, 7-4, in q u arte r­ final action. 
4 — Brenda Goldsmith won the city 
Women’s Amateur Golf Tournament ch a m p io n s h ip by a s tro k e over 
Debbie Skelly. It was G oldsm ith's fourth win in the tourney. 
8 — San Antonians Rick Bullock of 
Texas Tech and Jefferson and Willie 
Hodge of Duke and Sam Houston were picked in the NBA draft. Bul­ lock was taken in the fourth round by the New York Knicks and Hodge by 
Hu* Kansas City Kings in the fifth round. 
8 — M idland lefthander Bernie 
Beekman blanked Brewers, 5-o, in second game of a doubleheader with a no-hitter, the first pitched against 
SA since 197o. 
8 — NCAA singles champion Bill 
Scanlon announced he had decided to turn pro and forego his final two years of eligibility. 
IO — 
Richard Osborne signed a contract with the Philadelphia E a ­ gles 
1o — 
Kick Volz of Antonian and 
Clay Stolte of Highlands were taken in baseball’s free agent draft. Volz was selected in the 28th round and 
Stolte in the 27th round by the Atlanta 
Braves. 
11 — 
Duncanville blanked South 
Sun, 2-o, in AAAA state cham pion­ ship g am e at A ustin, sn a p p in g a 
38-gamc win streak of Bobcats. 
17 — The Spurs and three other 
ABA teams. Denver, Indiana and the 
New York Nets were admitted to the 
National Basketball Association at a cost of $3.2 million per team . The 
ABA. which had fought its way through many a crisis, was now offi­ cially dead 
The T rinity women w rapped up their second straight national colle­ giate tennis title at Salt Lake City by putting three players — Stephanie 
Tolleson, M ary H am m and Sandy 
Stap — in the semifinals. 
IS: Trinity’s Mary Hamm lost to 
USC’s B a rb a ra H allq u ist in the singles finals of the LISTA women’s tennis champtonehips. 
 that Doug Moe was the top candidate to be named head coach of the Spurs. 

27 — John Disosway, seven strokes out of the lead with nine holes to play, rallied to beat faltering Ray Aguillon, 

 and win the city m en’s am ateur golf tournament at Brackenridge. 
3o — Spurs named Doug Moe as head coach. 
31 — Thunder defeated Hartford 
Bicentennials, 2-1, in a history-mak- ing gam e that was finished the next day after the field at Hartford was inundated by rain. 
JULY 
3 — P itc h e r-o u tfie ld e r R o b ert 
Rodriguez and second baseman 
Kenny Baldwin of South San were nam ed to th e T ex as High School 
B aseball C oaches A ssociation All- 
State foam. 
4 — Trinity women's tennis star 
Stephanie Tolleson announced her intentions to turn pro after her so­ phom ore y ea r when she signed a contract with the Phoenix Racquets of World Team Tennis. 
8 — Trinity netter Mike Grant be­ cam e the school’s third m ajor per­ sonnel loss since the end of the season when he anno u n ced he was transferring to Hofstra. 
9 — C harges of insubordination were dropped against Arm y ( apt. 
Orben Greenwald of Fort Sam Hous­ ton. G reenw ay had been dismissed by the U.S. O lym pic Modern P en ­ tathlon team July 7 after his coach, 
Ll. Col. Donald Johnson, charged him with insubordination. 

17 — USOC again refused tu rein­ state G reenw ald. T em p o ra ry r e s ­ training order was also dropped 
21 — The Toros folded their fran­ chise “ because we didn’t have any­ body to p la y ,” said Henry Hight, owner of the minor league football team for nine of its 18-year existence. 
Toros were 2-o in 1978 when the end came. 
21 — Thunder signed Latin soccer defenseman Robert Matosas, w ho has played in 47 International matches." second only to Thunder team m ate 
Bobby Moore. 
23 — 
M ike A yala knocked out 
Mexican challenger Goyo Vargas in fourth round to remain undefeated in 
12 fights as a pro. 
23 —■ 
M ike Y b a rra and Susan 
Yantis won the boys and girls cham ­ pionships of the 19th annual City 
Junior Golf Tournament at Bracken­ ridge. 
25 — Melissa Briley placed seventh in the 1o-meter diving competition at the Montreal Olympics. 
26 — Brewers John Poloni, Gary 
Gray and Bobby Cuellar were named to the Texas League All-Star team 
26 — Churchill. Jay. Highlands and McCollum were forecast as dis­ trict AAAA football cham pions by coaches at the Texas High School 
Coaches Association Coaching School in Houston, 
28 — Jeffcrson-ex Micah Owens scored 33 points to lead the South to a 
95-9o win over the North in Coaching 
School A ll-Star g am e at Houston. 
Owens was MVP. 
AUGUST 
1 — Darrell Pace of Lackland won the Olympic Gold Medal for Archery and set a world record in the event. 
2 — Texas Rangers bombed Texas 
League All-Stars, 18-4, before capa­ city crowd at Keefe Field. Poloni was starting pitcher for All-Stars. 
4 — All SWC head coaches, except 
Baylor’s Grant Teaff, were on hand at the SWC Kickoff Luncheon, held for the first time in San Antonio, at 
Convention Center Banquet Hall. 
5 — Spurs picked Louie Dumpier of Kentucky Colonels in NBA disper­ sal draft. 
6 — Southpaw Mike Hendrix of 
Austin won the State Ju n io r Golf 
Championship at Brackenridge. 
8 — John Stark, a University of 
Houston golfer and Lee grad, won the prestigious W estern A m ateur Golf 
T o u rn a m e n t at Benton H arb o r, 
Mich., by beating Mick Soli of De­ 
Kalb, IU.. 2-1. 
' 
19 — Form er South San two-time 
A ll-State baseb all . play er Robin 

Hitchcock was killed in a freak acci­ dent at work when a car fell on bim. 
15 — Los Angeles Aztecs defeated 
D allas T ornado, 4*1, e lim in a tin g 
Thunder from NASL playoff conten­ tion. 
16 — Thunder defenseman Bobby 
Moore named to NASL All-Star team selected by The Sporting News. 
18 — Betty Wise, Les Levinson and 
Jerry Merck, Sr., were inducted into the city’s Bowling Hall of Fame. 
19 — Thunder forward Dan Counee nam ed th e 1976 U.S. W orld Cup soccer team. 
21 — Thunder Coach Don Katie announced his resignation to return as head coach at Chico, St., Calif. 
24 — 
Form er Sam Houston star 
Willie Hodge of Duke signed a pro basketball contract with the Kansas 
City Kings 
24 — Thunder owner Ward Lay announced a decision on whether he would m ove the team would be forthcoming, probably by Oct. I. 
25— Hensley Sapenter became t he first black A thletic-Director in San 
Antonio when he was named to head the SAISD 
3o — Texas Coach Darrell Royal announced that Mike Cordaro, the ualkon from San Antonio, would be' the team ’s starting quarterback in opener with Boston College. 
SEPTEMBER 
3 — The city 's largest bowling c e n te r. S p o rts P a la c e , officially opens. It has 54 lanes. 
6 — Brewers beat Midland, 7-8, to close season with a six-gam e win streak and finish in third place in 
Texas League’s West Division. 
6 — Louton’s Angel, owned by San 
Antonio’s Bob Weik, J r ., finished sixth in the $1 Million All-America 
F u tu rity at R uidoso Downs, the world's richest horse race. 
9 — City Council, urged fervently by Mayor Lila Cockrell, okayed a 
1o-year rental contract with Spurs and agreed to go-ahead with 6,ooo scat expansion of Convention Center 
Arena 
16 — Thunder officials announced they would either stay in San Antonio or move to Honolulu, 
2o — Spurs opened workouts at 
Blossom Athletic Center, their first under the NBA banner. 
26 — Brewer owner Jack Williams of Fort Worth announced his inten­ tions to scil the club, citing a lack of interest on part of citizens of San 
Antonio. 
31 — 
Kansas City Kings knocked oft Spurs, 181-89. at Strahan Gym in 
San M arcos in NBA exhibition opener. 
OCTOBER 
13 — Mac McLendon's 67 topped scores in the Texas Open Pro-Am at 
Woodlake 
17 — Butch Baird won the Texas 
Open by beating Miller Barber on the first hole of sudden death playoff. 
2o — 
New Y ork K nicks asked waivers on San Antonio’s Rick Bul­ lock. 
22 — Spurs defeated Philadelphia 
76ers and Dr. J, 121-118, before 17,196 fans in the Spectrum in their NBA debut. . 
26 — Mike Ayaia won a 1o-round u n an im o u s decisio n over R am on 
Eiorde of the PhitUpines to run his unbeaten pro mark lo 14-o 
27 — Spurs beat Phoenix, 115*186, before 8,919 fans in their NBA home opener. 
28 — Form er major leaguer Wally 
Moon announced he had bought the 
Brewers and wound rename the team the Dodgers. It was also announced that the Los Angeles Dodgers would replace the Texas Rangers as parent club. 
3o — 
R eco rd crow d of 12,594 watched first appearance in Arena of legendary Boston Celtics. The legend prevailed, 128-117. 
NOVEMBER 
I — Bob Drew announced he would 

 stay on as general m anager of the 
Brewers, turning down an assistant general m anager’s post with the Ro­ chester Red Wings. 
4 — Signed guard Louie Nelson as a free agent. 
6 — Trinity defeated McMurry. 
38-7, to sew up first TIAA football championship. 
9 — Spurs announced that Jam es 
Silas would have knee surgery after discovery of a te a r in the m edial cartilage. He was expected to be out an indefinite period. 
11 — 
M cC ollum , H olm es, and 
Churchill earned playoff berths with victories. 
12 — Highlanus wrapped up final 
AAAA playoff berth by clipping Jef­ ferson, 3-o, in a headup shootout at 
Alamo Stadium. 
12 — St. Gerard sewed up a berth in the TOIL AAA state playoffs by knocking off defending cham p and rival Central Catholic, 13-6. 
16 — Spurs obtained guard Mack 
Calvin from Lakers for a first round draft pick and future considerations. 
18 — The National Bow ling Council announces that Wonder Bowl will be the site for NBC’s th ird Bowling 
Spectacular, set for May 3-7, 1977. 
Churchill defeated Highlands, 46-o, and Holmes clipped McCollum. 28-13, in schoolboy bidistrict playoffs. 
2o — St. G erard’s and St. Anthony were eliminated from T O L football playoffs. 

2o — Glenda Reeker captured her second straight San Antonio Women’s 
Bowling Association’s city title. 
22 — Spurs waived guard Mike 
D’Antoni. 
24 — 
San A ntonians T om m y 
Kramer and Gary’ Green were named first team A ll-A m erican s by the 
American Football Coaches Associa­ tion. Green, a defensive back from 
Baylor and Sam H ouston, and 
Kramer, quarterback from Rice and 
Lee, were later nam ed tv .'ive and four A-A teams, respectively. 
35 — Frank Arnold of Holmes and 
Gary Peterson of Cole were named 
Express-News Coaches of the Year. 
26 — Churchill ripped Holmes, 
48-13, for city title. 

DECEMBER 
I — Churchill defeated Brazos- wood. 17-o. in College Station in state quarterfinals. 
8 — San Antonians Larry Collins of 
Edison and L arry M c F a rla n d of 
Highlands, both of Texas A&I. were named to the Associated Press’ Little 
All-American team . Collins was a first team running back and McFar­ land a second-team offensive line­ man. 
II — Collins was named Most Va­ luable back in the NAIA Champion 
Bowl after he rushed 26 times for 195 yards and two touchdowns in Texas 
A&I’s 26-o win over Central Arkan­ sas. ll — Churchill slipped past de­ fending s ta te ch am p io n 
P o rt 
Neches-Groves, 13-7. to move into state finals against Temple. ll — Alamo Heights-ex Rod Hinson of Trinity was selected as the fresh­ man of the year in the TIAA. ll — Jay s Mark Anderson won the 
S tate larg e school c ro ss co u n try championship at Austin. He covered the two miles in 9.36 8. 
13 — Spurs waived jumping jack forward Henry Ward 
16 — The status of pro soccer in San 
Antonio remained in limbo as a group of SA businessm en sought to gain approval for tile move of the Phila­ delphia Atoms to San Antonio 
18 — Churchill blanked Temple, 
18-8, ai Memorial Stadium in Austin to win AAAA state football crown. 
24 — Tommy K ram er was named the g a m e ’s m ost v aluable player after firing three touchdown passes to give the Gray a 31-1o win over the 
Blue in the B lue-G ray g a m e al 
Montgomery, Ala. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 1977 

Suggestions fo r the neiv year 

Okay gang, let's suck it up and try again de­ spite the aching head. Take two aspirins and a 
Hop-plop, phizz-phizz. Go ahead. ITI wait. 
Maybe we’ll all feel better on this first day of ’77. 

Now then, let s forget all about resolutions for the new w ar. My all-tim e record for keeping resolutions is 45. i'hat’s 45 minutes, not days. It’s downright sinful to be so weak 
On the other hand, it’s rath er nice to walk so well with re a lity and recognize my weakness for what it is—a part of me. 
At any rate, since I’m linable to help myself and overcom e such a stout weakness. I come to you on this first day of the new year with great sug­ gestions to help others. 
W ell, would you believe outstanding suggestions? 
Whatever. I like them. 

Suggestion number one deals with the rules of football. Especially pro football. From here it seems that game officials have enough problem s marking the ball on close, crucial plays without being surrounded by wild eyed giants pointing, waving and giving official-type signals. My suggestion is that a team be strapped with a 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct pen­ alty any and each time a player signals that his side has a tumble, a touchdown, a first down or any other advantage that requires a ruling from the referee. 

The home crowd, usually a capacity of scream ing par­ tisans at any big gam e, is tough enough for officials to 
Confidence can easily slip away 

By now we all realize that the good old USA is about four furlongs behind half a dozen other nations in Olympic competition. It will get worse before it gets better Our government doesn't subsidize our athletes like nearly all the other nations. 
We depend on donations and the pickings have been slim in recent years. T h ere’s no money to pay year-around coaches. Hardly enough to conduct proper try-outs and get the team to the scene. 

So how about this idea? Why not have the IKS. with 

 overcome. The men in striped shirts should not be inti­ midated by some 6-8. 27o-pound water-buffalo pawing at the turf, snorting at the nostrils while holding his paws high to signal a touchdown. 
This is a rule that should have gone into collegiate books long before they made it a penalty for spiking the ball in the end zone. The spiking bit merely took the "hot dog" aet away from touchdown-makers. That cute trick never did have anything to do with settling a contest. 
For that m atter, "assistin g officials” with premature calls also shouldn’t have anything to do with determining issues but more and more fans are beginning to think so. 

High school playoffs 

Okay, if you don’t care for that suggestion let’s try’ another. This one deals with high school football teams that move into the state playoffs. 

Why can’t the high schools borrow a page from the pros and use their season records to determine home teams for playoff gam es? Since Churchill won the state 4A title you hate to look back and find any fault with that brilliant charge toward the title. But if s not just in the 4A ranks. 
Ifs on all levels of high school football. 

Once a team —any team —moves past bi-district the coaches and school officials seem to lose all track of reality. The next game becomes the most important event in the world and all sorts of lengthy negotiations begin with the opposition. 

What I’m getting at, from here it seems durned silly to have fans from both sid e s d rive hundreds of m iles—usually in treacherous winter conditions—to watch a high school playoff game that winds up attracting 8.ooo fans in a stadium that seats 5o.ooo. 

Everyone talks about the gas shortage, the acute economic condition and all that other jazz bat then rival coaches get together and schedule their game 9o miles from the nearest gas pump. Why can’t the team with the best overall season record get the home field? If both teams are unbeaten, or have simlllar 11-1 or 1o-2 records, congressional consent, include one line on each income tax then figure out a method for a tie breaker, using points form . Would you care to contribute one dollar to the scored and points allowed. support of the United States Olympic team ? Then, if so. please add, or su b tra ct, one dollar from your income tax 
You don’t like that suggestion? Okay, we'll move right payment or refund, along to something else. But, before leaving, keep in mind that these high school hassles over where to play are 
L et’s face it, the greatest bill collectors in the urn- nothing new. Thirty years ago I sat in the belly of Alamo verse are IRS officials and approximately 85 million in this 
Stadium for five full hours while officials from Jefferson country file income tax forms each year. If just one-fourth and Lufkin argued over where their state sem ifinal game went for the dollar we’d wind up with millions that we would be played. They wound up in Houston after everyone wouldn't have had for our Olympic team and it would still at the meeting got headaches and missed supper. be an unpressured contribution. 

An O lym pic fund 

Besides, our government just decided to give about IOO million to building ski ramps at Lake Placid for the next winter Olympics and nobody but politicians got to vote on 
... 
. that bill. 
Now we come to my final suggestion for the new year and I like this one best of all. The original idea cam e from 
Ah well, these are just suggestions and not resolutions. 
Clary Drew-, a young man on the KENS-TV production lf you don't happen to care for any of them, happy New 

LOI IE DAMPIER 

By KEVIN O’K E E F F E 
O f IHI tX P R tS S N t w s SI A O 

How does a nine-year veteran of pro basketball lose confidence? It s really not that difficult. 
Spurs’ Louie Dampior can tell you bow, since he is the veteran in question. 
"I didn’t lose confidence in my ability,’’ 
Dampier explained. "B u t I was confused with our offense and was making m istakes earlier in the year. So, I wasn’t playing with any confidence. 
"T h is is the first time I have ever played iii this kind of ail offense. I have always played in a pattern offense with many set plays. I knew how to make moves off those plays. 
"I wasn't getting any shots early in the season because I didn't know where to move off the offense. I was getting laked out a lot on my passes, too 
K now s 
"H ight now*. I ain playing with con fi­ dence. I know what Doug (Spu rs’ Coach 
Moo) expects of me. I am fitting in the offense better, knowing the m oves.’’ 
However, other than some early-season d ifficu lties, D am pier said he hasn t had many problems adjusting to his first year in San Antonio 
" I like the defense we play,” the eight- time ABA all-star guard said. " I like the d efensive concep t h ere. I t ’s ju st m ore overplay. 
"And. unlike the offense, there is a de­ finite pattern to our defense. We do a lot of movement.” 
Dampier is averaging 6.3 points per game, shooting 47 per cent. He is playing about 21 minutes a game 
"I can t complain a whole lot,” he said. 
"M y field goal p ercen tage this year is higher than my career average 
"T h e playing tim e, well, there isn t a 

 player around who d oesn ’t want m ore playing tim e. That s why we are in the league. I don’t think I would be a com ­ plainer if I said I would like to play more. I know I wouldn’t he the only one." 
D am p ier said through p ra c tic e he learned what Moo wanted him to do. 
Shots 

"A t the first of the year, I was taking shots that Doug didn't want me to ," Dam­ pier said. "T h en , I got too conservative, passing up shots that I never ever would have passed up. So. Doug told me to go ahead and shoot.’’ 
After starting throughout his pro career with the Kentucky Colonels and college c a re e r at the U n iversity of K entu cky, 
Dumpier is a reserve with the Spurs But this doesn’t laze the m ustachioed, little man 
"I knew when I cam e down here that I would probably he on the bench,” he ad­ mitted "They had Jam es Silas. Mike Gale, 
George Gervin and George Karl already playing in the hack court. 
"B u t I honestly didn't know if I could come off the bench and play. Heck. I had never done it before. It s really not too difficult. I think I have made the ad ju st­ ment. You are a little stiff right off, but after going up and down the floor a couple of tim e, you are okay.” 

Thoughts 

With 34 gam es down and infinity to go, what are D am pier’s thoughts? 
” 1 have watched our team and we are playing more consistently now,” he said. "W e have lost a few , but they have been close ones. We are playing a lot better as a team. 
"F o r me, it s hard to say. No m atter how much I play, I will give it my best all the time I'm out there.” 

E A S TER N C O N F E R E N C E 
Atlantic Division 
W t 
Pct. 
C B 
PhilcjdrtDtiici 
18 W 663 
— 
Boston 
1/ IS 
Sit 
I 
New Y ork K m cks 1/ 
IS 
SJI 
I 
B uffalo 
14 ?o 41? 
S 
New Y ork Nets 
I? 
?o JZS 
6 
Central Division 
Houston tv l l 633 
- 
C leveland 
?o 13 AOA 
1 / 
San Antonio 
18 it .$79 
3 
New O rleans 
18 l f 
.SU 
3' t 
W ashington 
IS tZ 4AV 
S 
Atlanta 
I? 2S 
.374 IO 'j 
W ESTE R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
2 .J to AV? 
— 
Detroit 
?o IS 
SZI 
4 k a n sas City 
16 ?o 444 
8' > 
Indiana 
16 7o .444 
8' i 
Chicago it is 379 
IO 
M ilw aukee v ?a 25/ 
IS 
Pacific Division 
Portland 
73 I? as? 
— 
Los Angeles 
71 
13 Alg 
I ] 
Golden State 
16 IS .Sift 
S 
Seattle 
18 tv 486 
6 
Phoenix 
14 to 461 
6 ! 
Fridov’S Games 
No gam es scheduled 
Saturday s Games 
New York Nets a l Bottolo 
C leveland at New Y ork K m tk s 
Houston at W ashington 
( hicago at Po rtland 
Sunday's Gomes 
Ph ila delphia at New Y ork Nets. afternoon 
New O rlean s at Atlanta, afternoon 
Houston gt f teveiand 
Phoenix vs ka n sa s City at O m oho 
Indiana at M ilw aukee 
San Antonio at Oenver 
Boston at G olden State 
Portland at LOS Angeles 
C hicago at Seattle 

N o n d i s t r ic t 
H o u s to n , 6 9 -e itf 

H O U S T O N (69) 
Abraham D avis 
7t. Randy R eed I/. C harles Bean 
14. Allen S. Lv n ch 3. M icheoux 3. 
.tones I. E v a n s J. Smith I. W illiam s 
I. Simmons 
H A R L A N O A L E (38) 
- R oland dc la C o r ia 14, P e o a 6. D M a rti ne* 
4 
V ille g a s 4, M o n o 7. M o ro n 7. 
M c d ro n o J. L o s o v o 7. A r is p e J. 
C h a to n . W 
M a r tin * !. G u e r r e r o . 
P a rra 
Halftim e; 
Houston 
39, 
H or la n d a u 18 

SA TU R D A Y S G A M ES 
No G am es scheduled 

 staff. 
Greek picks 
Ags to win 

By JIM M Y (the Greek) SNYDER 
LAS VEGAS — Tomorrow’s Sun Bowl in El Paso pits 
Texas A&M against Florida in a clash of contrasting styles. 
After a midseason turnaround, Texas A&M became one of the most solid offensive and defensive teams in the country-. rolling to six consecutive victories and averaging 
39 points a game to their opponents’ nine — crushing 
Arkansas and Texas on the road. 
Florida h^s the best stable of running backs in the 
South, led by Tony Green, W illie W ilder, Earl Carr, Bob 
Morgan, and Larry Brinson. They also have one of the most dangerous pass receivers in the nation in Wes- 
C’handler, and a Q B-Jini Fisher- who led the SEC in tandem offense witn 1,799 yards. 
But the Gators will be operating against a team that was 
No. 2 in the country- in total defense (No. I against the rush) — hardly the kind of team you make the big play against. And the big play is what Florida has to have to win The Gators’ defense finished dead last in the SEC, giving up an average of 23o yards rushing per game. lf everything goes according to for; n. Texas A&M should win. However, it’ll take at least three touchdowns to do it, because Florida figures to put two TDs and field goal on the scoreboard. 
I make Texas A&M by 8. 
A final look at today’s Big Four howl games: 
Cotton Bowl — Mary land I over Houston. 
Sugar Bowl — Pittsburgh 3 over Georgia. 
Orange bowl — Ohio State 5 over Colorado (down from 
6 ). 
Rose bowl — Michigan 4 over USO (down from 5, and watch for an upset). 

Y ear anyway. 

 m w 
, 

OPEN TODAY 
IO A.M. - 6 P.M. 
FOR AIL YOUR HOLIDAY NEEDS) 

* 

O 
M s eV s 

RACING SUMMARY 
Iselin services held 

LONG BRAN CH . N J . 
(A P) — It was a sporting crow d, but it w as in a mourning mood. 
It had com e Friday to bury Philip Iselin , presi- 

 dent of the New York Je ts and Monmouth Park race­ track. who died of a heart a tta ck in 
New 
Y ork 
“ We are all g ath ered here, iriends of Phil Iselin, 

 and instead of grieving I propose we celebrate Phil 
Ise lin and the fa c t he graced this earth for 74 y ears.” said sportscaster 
Howard Cosell. vodka 
Oso 
Negro 

FITS EVERYTHING WELL... 
IT’S A 
BAR 
IN A 
BOTTLE. 

SPORTSM AN S PARK k colure 
— Shut the Ooixek ($8 8o), Road lot*. Bruce the King One and 116 mil** in I 49 I S. 
CA L D E R : 
Feature - Strike Me 
Lucky (SZ 4o), BiMv Fronk. Cover­ er k One mile In t 39 
L A U R E L : 
17o.ooo M a ry la n d 
Horve H a n d ic a p — JoM v Johu 
($6 4o). Piped Aboard. Got* Harry 
One and mite* in I VO ?/S 
K E Y S T O N E : 
Feature - Mug 
Hunter <13.6o), All the More. Clan corr One mile ond 7o verdi in 14? 
I $ 
FAIR G R O U N D S 
Sugar Bowl 
Handicap — C le v e r Ted (S8 4o), 
Em mer von J r , Bob v Du»*v 
S>* furlong* in 1.1). 
KENS GM to make report on 
Spurcasts 

KENS General Manager 
Bill Moll will make a com ­ ment on the NBA at a lunch­ eon Monday at the Univer­ sity Club. 

Moll d eclin ed to say whether he would announce a change in his station's policy on NBA telecasts. 
Channel 5 has said it will carry only the NBA playoff gam es, the NBA All-Star game Feb. 13 and all games involving the Spurs. 

“ We have firm commit* ments to pick up about 35 games this season, Moll told the Express-News lust week. 
•’There are only about 12 games, at this time, that we do not plan to telecast.” 

When interviewed Friday night, Moll declined to talk about his exact subject m at­ ter for Munday 

” 1 will make a comment 
Monday and that’s my only comment now,” Moll said. 

The first & the only New CB’s with a fuil warranty for as long as you awn your car! 

The HB-64o 4o-Channel CB* 
• Digital phase-lock-loop circuitry • Dual conversion to improve selectivity • CB/ 
Public address modes • Hi/Lo receiver tone switch for improved reception • Get amic filter provide* exceptional adjacent channel rejection • Local /Distant switch tor clear reception • Large illuminated S/PRF meter 
• Transmit indicator light 
• Range boost circuitry • Built-in automatic noise limiter 
• External speaker ,ack 

 only119.95 

Th, HB-74o 4o-Chann,) CB* 
With all the above plus: 

• Switchable automatic noise blanker and automatic noise limiter— both designed to minimize external noise interference • Delta tuning to help pinpoint oft frequency recep­ tion • Tone control let* you tune in on the most pleasing voice pitch • Receive indica­ tor light 

 only159.95 

Th* HB-84o 4o-Channel CB • 
With all the above plus: 

• L ID digital channel readout • Built in 
BWR calibration control to accurately mea­ sure the matching of your antenna to (he unit • RF gam control permits weakening of incoming radio signals to allow for better reception of the desired strong stations 

 only199.95 

FULL WARRANTY FOR AS LO N G AS YOU OW N YOUR C A R 

For as long as you own your car, we will repair or replace (at our option), free of charge, any Lafayette Model HB-64o, HB*74o or H B-94o Citizens 
Band Radio which fails due to detects in material or workmanship 
Simply return it to us lafayette 
Radio i lectfonic^Shopp-ng Centers 
>»«• 
SERVING YOUR NEEDS EQR 56 YEARS NATION WIDE 

OPEN SUNDAY FROM 12:oo NOON UNTIL 
MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED 
6828 SAN PEDRO 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Saturday January I 1977 
'Cats romp 

Continued from Page IK 

 missed the contest after spraining an ankle in practice Wednesday. 
Without Voight, 19th-ranked North 
Carolina, 8-3. could generate little offense. The Fur Heels gained only 78 yards and three first downs in the first half. 
They gained only five yards in the third period when Kentucky took charge of the contest. 
Kentucky, 8-4, was led on defense by linebacker Jim Kovach and de­ fensive end Art Still. 
North Carolina Quarterback Matt 
Kupec, harassed all day by the ar­ oused Wildcast defenders, was inter­ cepted three times and fumbled once. 
Rupee’s fumble led to Kentucky’s first touchdown. 

Early in the third period the fresh­ man quarterback fumbled while at­ tempting to pass and defensive tackle 
Jam es Kamey recovered for the 
Wildcats on the North Carolina 21 
Seven plays later, Stewart, who was voted the gam e’s outstanding offensive player and led the Wildcats with 1o4 yards in 19 carries, scored from one yard out after 5:o5 of the period. 
Kentucky quarterb ack Derrick 
Ramsey, who led the nation’s quar­ terbacks in rushing, then engineered a 57-yard -coring drive in nine plays. 
Stewart blasted through the middle from 13 yards out after 1.59 of the final period. 
Stewart scored his third touchdown of the game with 3.o4 left as Kentucky moved 47 yards in IO plays. 

Kentucky 
o o J 14— 21 
North Carolina 
O O O 
o— o 
K y — Stewart t run (P ierce kick) 
K v — stew art l l run (P ierce kick) 
Ky — Stewart 3 run (Pierce kick) 
A -S4 .1 3 ? 
Kentucky N o C aro lin a 

 v a n t - 

 i. t 

 i > 
.-ii rn ii Bt 

‘HID1* enables vat<1- 
7 ss 
2)o 
IN D IV ID U A L LF. A D E R S 
M il 
H I N G — k m i n e n y 
»*>Af>rt W IO J. B r o o k s 
M i n 18 SS 
Ni it h i C a r o l i n a . P a s c h a l I 1 JI, o h n s o n ; ; > ! , ( altin , 2 l l k l 
I I V I N . 
- K e n t u c k y 
H O I I 13. W o o d s I I 
Of m f i r o i m a M a b r y I I i 
L e e t 8, W i l l i a m s I S 
PA* >ING — Kentucky, Ram sey 2 8 o, 16 yards 
' a eo lin a i 
J-1: 
KENTUCKY'S Derrick Ram sey sacked 
Bowl games today 

( (inturned from Page IE become head coach at Tennessee next season lf Pitt, 11-o, bises to Georgia, the winner of tilt' Rose Bowl— Michigan or Southern Cal— probably will be 
\oted national champion. 
Michigan’s last trips to tin* R ose 
Bowl were in 197o and 1972, both un­ successful outings. In 197o, Schem- beehler had guided the Wolverines to a 9-1 record, but on New Year’s Eve, lie had a heart attack that was termed “ mild " 
The next day, Michigan lost 1o-3 to 
Southern Cal 
Schembeehler went into this season recovering from open heart surgery last May. But he says he doesn’t let it worry him. 
"Oh, I don't think much about it," 

 bt' said 
“ You don’t go into retirem ent today with open heart surgery," 
Before deciding on surg ery, 
Schembeehler said he “ went around to a lot of people and studied this tiling. I kept coming back to the* same team (of surgeons) in Ann Arbor." 
While aw aiting the operation, 
Schembeehler says he psyched him­ self up. 
"One of the doctors was making his rounds and I told him, ‘Hey, I’m all jacked up for this operation. I hope you are.’ He said, ‘Coach, I’m ready. 
I ve been practicing all day."* 
In other bowl games Saturday. No. 
4 Maryland, 11-o, meets Southwest 
Conference co-champion Houston, ranked No. 8 with an 8-2 mark, in the 
(’otton Bowl at Dallas, and No. ll 

Ohio State. 8-2-1, faces No. 12 
Colorado, Big Eight co-champion with an 8-3 mark, in the Orange Bowl at Miami. 
On Sunday. No. IO Texas A&M. 9-2, meets Florida, 8-3, in the Sun Bowl at 
El Paso, Tex. Also, two college all- star games are on tap Sunday, the 
East-West Shrine game at Palo Alto, 
Calif., and the All-American Lions 
Bowl at Tampa, Flu. 
While all the talk about a national title has centered on the Rose and 
Sugar bowls, Maryland quarterback 
Mark Manges believes certain cir­ cumstance's could drop the mythical title in the laps of the Terrapins. 
If Maryland beats Houston handily in the Cotton Bowl, while Pitt loses. 
Manges says the unbeaten Terns should be No. I. 
Royal enters 
Sports Hall 

H i 

WE’RE OPEN 
TODAY . .. 
AT 3117-21 BLANCO RD. 
IO A .M .-6 P.M . 
FOR YOUR HOLIDAY SPIRIT! 
LIQUOR-WINE-BEER, etc. 

DALLAS (AP) - Danc­ ing with “ those who brung us," University of Texas football coach 
D arrell 
Royal and four other sports figures were inducted Fri­ day into the Texas Sports 
Hall of Fame. 
“ Never have so many done so much for just one individual,” the retiring 
Longhorn coach told a lun­ cheon audience attending the traditional prelude to the Cotton Bowl football game. 
A number of former Tex­ as football players were scattered throughout the ballroom and triggered a standing ovation for the 
Winn ingest coach in Longh­ orn history. 
“ Perhaps long after the 

Coogs duel Terps 

Continued from Page IE 

 been given the recognition they are due. But Maryland, the critics say, plays a so-so schedule and competes in a conference (Atlantic Coast) that is rich only in basketball tradition. 
“ Everyone says the ACC is a bas­ ketball conference,” says Maryland fullback Tim Wilson. “ Even though we’ve proved to be a good football team — and our stats show it — we still have to go out and prove it over and over because people think of the 
ACC only as a basketball confer­ ence." 
Says Vince Kinney, the Terps’ wide receiver: “ A lot of people still don’t believe in University of Maryland football, even though we are 11-o and in the Cotton Bowl. And they won’t believe until we go out there on na­ tional TV and show just w hat we can . 
"This game can be a stepping stone for not only our team but also for football in the East.” 
A victory — an impressive one at that — could also mean a national championship for the Terrapins. 

The forecast for Saturday’s Cotton 
Bowl calls for temperatures in the mid-2os and a 3o per cent chance of snow. 

Should top-ranked Pittsburgh lose to Georgia in the Sugar Bowl Satur­ day, M aryland would be the only undefeated major college team in the nation. The Terrapins are rated fifth, following Pitt, Michigan, Southern 
California and Georgia. 
“ If we can beat Houston and go 
12-o, and Pitt gets beat, then we should be No. I,” says Mark Manges, the Maryland quarterback. 
Like Maryland, Houston has an identity problem, although not as great it seems as the Terrapins’. 
Until this year, Houston was a team that — no matter how well it did — was always overshadowed by its cou­ sins in the Southwest Conference. 
But the Cougars solved that prob­ lem for the most part in 1978, going 
9-2 and winning a share of the cham­ pionship in their first year in the 
SWC. 

And a victory over M aryland should erase any remaining doubts about the Cougars. 
This will be Houston’s seventh bowl appearance. For M aryland, its eighth. And it will be the first meet­ ing ever between the teams. 
Offensively, both teams have a lot in common. Houston averaged 28.5 points per game during the regular season, while Maryland scored at a 
24.8 clip. 
In total yards, Houston gained 4,555 yards, Maryland 4,o92. Most of that yardage came on the ground. Hous­ ton piled up 2,988 yards rushing and 
Maryland 2,874. 
Alois Blackwell is Houston’s lead­ ing rusher with 934 yards for a 8.2 average. He has eight touchdowns. 
Maryland, meanwhile, likes to give the football to one of three backs, all of whom have more than 6oo yards rushing. 
Tailbacks Preacher Maddox (678) and Steve Atkins (621) and fullback 
Wilson (61o) have accounted for 
1,9o9 or Maryland’s rushing game. 

AP w ir e p h o t o 

 w you wet 6ft 

AT i f 
A POUN 

W DELTAS fS 
'»u/r 
/ A f 
We 

 y \ \ > 

ALL Y A ' CAN EAT! 

CATFISH, CHICKEN, COUNTRY FRIED STEAK, 
HUSH PUPPIES, COLE SLAW, BEANS, AND 
FRENCH FRIED POTATOES! 
C om * W alsh In at th* Dalta Cattish Ca. whur* what you wuiflh is what you pay at 
2 * o pound, with a *2.99 top ticket! 
GOOD MATIN'AT 
Delta Catfish Co. 
7o7S SAN PEDRO 
72o S.W. MILITARY DR. 

A gs appear ready 

Continued from Page IE advantage was obvious at Friday’s 
Sun Carnival Luncheon honoring the two teams. 
The program was officially started with a prayer. 
An elderly El Paso gentlem an warmed the big crowd with some smooth, touching words of religion. 
Then came the final statement of his invocation. 

“ Finally, O Lord,” he said, paus­ ing several seconds before continuing 
“ . . . go get ‘em, Aggies!" 
Most of those in attendance roared with approval. 
It was as loose as a goose here 
Friday, some 48 hours prior to Sun­ day’s 2 p.m. kickoff. 
Opposing players enjoyed friendly chats and informal joking at the lun­ cheon. They certainly didn’t look like two teams which plan to knock the bejeebers out of each other come 
Sunday. 
Some of the Florida players got on stage and danced, doing what is known as “The Walk.” 
Aggie Zach Gutherie demonstrated the “ neck Nibbler" on a pretty El 
Paso chick — at A&M he is known as the w orld's greatest lover, they claim. 
Big Billy Lemons of A&M stunned the audience with some fancy sing­ ing, a soul version of “ Amen, 
Amen". 
It was time for fun and enjoyment and many of El Paso’s top names 

 were on hand to take part in the fes­ tivities. 

Lee Trevino invited the two coaches 
— Emory Bollard of A&M and Doug 
Dickey of Florida — to play nine holes of golf, and then entertained the writers covering the game at a cock­ tail party at his new golf club. 
Among the special guests at the luncheon was the mayor of El Paso, who naturally had to put in a plug for his city. 
Mae West 

“ People visiting our city this week have learned that El Paso is sort of like what Mae West said about sex," said the mayor. 
“ When it’s good, if s real good. 
When it’s bad, well, it ain’t all that bad.’” 
The teams and several Florida and 
Texas writers arrived here earlier this week and have been treated to a relaxed fun atmosphere. 
Many of the people here call their annual event the “ Fun Bowl.” 
Dogs 

All has not been fun for the teams, though. 
The Aggie players, for instance, sashayed across the border to the dog track two nights ago and they claim they lost a bundle. 
“ We need to win the game,” joked 
Bollard, “ because we haven’t won so far." 

Chances are, though, that the Ga­ tors won’t be as tough as the dogs for the big and talented Aggies. Bookies say A&M should win by as many as eight or nine points. 

Florida Coach Dickey is hoping it’s that close. 
“ Right now,” he moaned to re­ porters Friday, “ I don’t think there is a better team in the nation right now than A&M.” 
What do you think about that. 
Coach Bel lard’1 
Sincere 
“ I am very complimented and I know that Doug is a very sincere person,’* said Bollard. 
“ But a lot of times you tend to look a lot better before the game than you are when it comes time to play." 
A&M had its last workout Friday. 
“The guys are tired of working out, no doubt,” said Bellard, who quickly added, “ because I am tired of work­ ing out. It felt good when it ended today.” 
Dickey will end his practices Sa­ turday, while most of the people of this city will flood the downtown streets for the annual Sun Carnival 
Parade. 
The Aggies probably enjoyed New 
Y ear’s Eve more than the Gator players. The Gators had a midnight curfew while A&M’s players were free until I a.m. Saturday. 
And luckily, the Aggies were not losers at the dog track Friday. 
The track was closed. 
Tech takes tumble in Bluebonnet tilt 

Continued from Page IE 

 first down at the Nebraska IU in the first half. 

Taylor made touchdown grabs on screen passes from Allison for 14 and ll yards rn the second quarter to lift 
Tech from a 7-3 deficit into a 17-7 lead. 

 cry ‘Remember the Alamo’ is silent, Texans will be shouting ‘We got to dance with those who brung us.” 
Said Neils Thompson, UT’s faculty athletics represen­ tative, in presenting Royal. 
That particular "R oya­ lism” dates back to one of his early Cotton Bowl teams and was in reponse to a question about what, if any, special schemes he had de­ vised for the occasion. 
The other honorees in­ cluded: 
—Harrison Stafford, an all Southwest Conference halfback at Texas in the early 193os. 

—BUI Henderson, whose 
Baylor basketball teams won or shared four SWC titles during his 18 years as coach of the Bears. 
—Jerry Thompson, re ­ portedly the greatest dis­ tance runner in SWC his­ tory and a triple winner for the Longhorns in the 88o, mile and two-mile run, 
—The late Jim Krebs, twice an all-conference basketball selection at 
Southern Methodist, which won SWC titles each of his three varsity seasons. 

Tearfully accepting the award for Krebs, who died in an unusual accident in 
1965, was his daughter Ca­ sey, who said of her father: 
“ He would have consi­ dered this one of the high­ est honors of his basketball career.” 
Stafford was inducted by 
Wilson H, “ Bull” Elkins, president of the University of Maryland, who described the honoree as "the most devastating blocker” in 
SWC history. 

Elkins recalled that Staf­ ford was “ built like a grey­ hound and just a trifle fas­ ter.” 
Henderson was intro­ duced by Baylor athletic director Jack Patterson and acknowledged the high praise by saying, “ I appre­ ciate those kind words be­ cause I deserve them.” 

Standing 

Early in the third quarter he went over the left side standing up from the eight to make it 24-14 before the 
Huskers rallied. 

Nebraska used a 49-yard wingback pass to reach the Raider 18, the ball going from Curtis Craig to Malito. 
I-back Richard Berns swept right end for 18 yards and a touchdown, getting a key block al the IO from split end Rockie Loken. Eveland 
Hurt Walton may not play 

PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) 
— Center Bill Walton of the 
Portland Trail Blazers, who suffered a bruised right knee against Mik- waukee Thursday night, is a doubtful starter in home games scheduled Saturday and Sunday 
'Title tight delayed 
Firttdown* 
NEW YORK (AP) - Ro- v„rd» beno Duran will not defend «X™va°rd*' the World Boxing Associa­ tion lightweight champion­ ship against Vilomar Fer­ nandez in Panama Jan. 15 because of illness, a spokesman for promoter 
Don King’s office said Fri­ day. 
New pact nought 

SAN JUAN. Puerto Rico 
(AP) — Ed Figueroa, who posted a 19-1o record in 
1976, said Friday he has asked the 
New 
York 
Yankees for a five-year, 
$2-million contract and will play out his option if he doesn’t get it. 

 missed the kick, but Tech still led, 
24-2o. 
Then came the blocked kick that set up the Huskers* victory. 
A crowd of 48,618 saw the fourth- place team in the Big Eight beat the 
Southwest Conference co-champion. 
Nebraska finishes 9-3-1 and Tech 
1o-2 
Nebraska now has a 9-6 bowl record after Arizona State snapped the 
Huskers’ six-game bowl streak last year. Tech is now' 3-11-1 in post-sea­ son action. 
Touchdown 
Nebraska got back into the middle' of things after Taylor’s second TD grab near the end of the half. 
The Huskers marched 8o yards in just seven plays and scored with just 33 seconds left before intermis­ sion. 
The scoring play came on a pass from quarterback Vince Ferragamo 

 to tight end Mark Dufresne which covered 22 yards. Al Ebeland kicked his second conversion and Nebraska, trailed, 17-14. 
Wingback 
The play was set up by a 24-yard pass to wingback Dave Shamblin to the Tech 26. 
Nebraska took the opening kickoff and drove 8o yards in 19 plays to draw first blood. 
No play gained more than ll yards during the drive, which was capped by a one-yard plunge over left guard by Richard Berns, a Witchita Falls native. 
Tech also scored on its first pos­ session. 
The Red Raiders went from their own 32 to the Nebraska ll before bogging down. 
Brian Hall kicked a 28-yard field goal with 1:22 left in the first quarter to cut Nebraska’s lead to 7-3. 

Tech statistics 

TeiaiTech 
J 14 I o— 24 
F4ebra*ka 
J 
I ll o— 17 
Neb— Bt-rnil runt Evetondkick) 
T T - F G Mall 28 
T T — Taylor 14aastfromAlli*on( Hall kick) 
T T— Taylor I 1pa*slrom Alli*on(Hoil kick) 
Neb — Outrcine ?2poitfrom Ferro 
•am o(Evttandkick) 
TT — Taylor Iran (Moll kick I 
Neb— Berat i*run(kicfc tailed) 
Neb— Maiito23pa*sfromFerragamo 
(Evelandkick) 
A — 48.411. 

Tex.Tech Nebraska 
24 ll 
47 191 
49 144 
193 r n 
J l l 
I) TI o 14-24-o 
J J* 
4 4o 
M I 
14 
41 
M 

F t u e t 
P u n t * 
Bename* yard* 
Fumble* lust 

I N D I V I D U A L L U A O F R S 
HUSH IN G — Tech. Albion 144*,l*aoc 
I l ie,Taylor I J 44, Nebraska,Eern»21 
111, Donnell I 34 
R E C E IV IN G — Tech, l*oac4-4t. Taylor 
4 ll.S W iliiom U kl, Nebraska,MalitoJ- 
1o7.Crate 3-24 
P A SSIN G - Tech, Allison IV-23 o. 1*1 yard*, Nebra*k a F errooomo 13 23-o,1 S3 yard*,Crnt«l I o,4*yard* 

/ 
■I ll 
III 
I 
I 
I 
« ii 
III 
I 

 high performance. - 
. 
— -7. 
COLOR TV Qu.,s<(, 
I ^ oSo‘«d State 
ServiceM iciAr 

*At*EmN®»^ 

Special 
Purchase 
JR 

 moi nm mm 
7} wttfeglit 
Lightweight, ian$y It pm* nd* 
• le-Une Manti n o u n luke seth Pre-fccm Urn maed&ty thorp petal* that ckaUeege* ok other* 

AI 
III 

II 
II 
I 

§ 

■ 
R 
I 

2415 HARRY WURZBACH 
AT 
RUTHMAN ROAD 
828-13o6) 

HALLMA 

G 
T N 

Saturday & Sunday 

Sale 

Massage tobies, shampoo bowl, double sink, ass t kit­ chen cabinets, chmn, chests, xmas decorations, misc household, business items, new lumber 
JAN 1ft t 2ND ONLY 
9313 POWHATAN 
341-7651 

•7 r i i W f a t l 
11 Al or rn j A L JEM A 
Al A 
Y A U D f A D E E D IM 
I W l i V M l m C C I V i 
I 
AVIATIO N 
MAINTENANCE 
TECHNOLOGY 
NEXT ENTRY CLASS JAN. 31 ST 

BECOME A LICENSED AVIATIO N 
MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN 
AypHTDtsd to r V ltlftM l 
I* A tua#im ! MITTS Institution 
• Quality tnt I M k it Leans* 
• Ilk App*e*od 
• C a a m D vrtfia* 12 Months 
Counts bi kkiiiom and ^twapioof • lek PiacemMt Audience 
Far Farther Informa tion Ow A Com er lo Aviation Coll, Vial* 
HALLMARK AERO-TECH 
I I SO eO th th ro a t 
PX*. BOX 14 IBA Itinaon FloM 
Ban An tonia, Team 21314 
C attie !* ) PT* B S H 

By RONALD ll WEINER 
PRESIDENT AUTOMOTIVE 
INFORMATION COUNCIL 
SOUTHFIELD, Mich. - The au tom otive industry e n te r s 
1977 with as 

Mideast and tho infinite activities 
WEINER et tin* ( engross and the executive departm ent bureaucracies of our 

A U T O M o rrv i d is p l a y 

 federal government. 
Though the distance between the 
Arab nations and Washington, I). is great, the actions ot either area can have an even more profound ef­ fect on this nation's leading indus­ tria l employer than anything these two centers of power have done in the recent past. 
Concern 
Apparently, there is very little that we can do to govern the price and availability of foreign petroleum. 
At home. I have to believe that our own lawmakers and administrators w ill do what they think is best for 
America. 
The m ajor points of concern in ­ clude: 
• 
A new adm inistration iii Wa­ shington with new leaders iii the de­ 

 partments that deal directly with the motor vehicle industry. 
• 
A danger of shutdown of car production in the 1978 model year unless Congress amends the Clean 
A ir Act of 197o and establishes emis­ sion standards that are technologi­ cally feasible. 
• 
A solution to the problem of warranties on emission equipment. 
The question is whether the equip­ ment should be w arrantied by the m anufacturers fo r five years or 
5o.ooo m iles, or for 18 months or 
18.ooo m iles. The legisla tion is deemed critical by certain elements of the industry, which favors the shorter terms. 
• 
A fu rth e r study of economy standards that industry has been or- 

THE 1977 KINGSLEY m otor hom e features a lunurous interior 

AUTO M O TIVE DISPLAY 
A U TO M O TIVE DISPLAY* 
AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY* 

The living area battery serves both motor generator and living area re­ quirement, capacity is 15o amps A battery boost feature provides extra starting power should the batteries become discharged due to excessive electrical loads iii the living area 
Clour construction and floor insu­ lation on the Kingsley is designed to provide a stronger (pitter riding v c- lurle, it will also be w anner iii the winter aud cimier iii the summer 
The plum bing iii the Kingsley is flexible poly’butylene instead of copper, rile material expands upon 
Iree/mg and iodin es the potential for pipe breakage and resultant leakage at extremely low temperatures 
Due of the most unique features of the Kingsley, and all oilier (IMC mo- 

 of this section 

- 
A U T O M O T IV t M U L A T 

CAPRI SAU DAYS 
CAPRI 
*3599 

★ 2.3 Litre Engine 
* 4 speed transmission 
* Steel belted radial tires 
★ Pow er front disc brakes 

 if Reclining bucket seats 
* Body side moldings t Style steel wheels 
♦ Full instrumentation 

. '77 MERCURY MONARCH 
AIR CONDITIONED 
Monarch standard features include: a 
• 25o 6 Cylinder • Automatic 
• Power Steering • Power Brakes 
White Sidewall Radial fires 
Air Conditioned • Tinted <Hass’ l>eft Hand Remote Mirror 
*499o 

OUR ’7 6 IN VtNTORV PRICES SAVE ON ALL CARS IN STOCK ARE 
■PO STED M 

★ 3 REMAINING * 

3 — 76 GRAND m«(.llu, dark ltd vinyl 
■oof, 3o2 V t , mm ©of outo^M 
I lack t ilt , whit* sidewalls, lear window detroslei on 
■ 
■ ■ 
■ B tmltd gloss, traitor lowing po<tog. powtr Homing. ( l f f 
I I 
M . powoi od* window^ coil aluminum wha.lt Slack a l w 
B m B ^ P 
< . _ A n 
Listed P rice * 7 6 4 6 
P e t t e d P ric e 
o 5 8 8 

76 BOIK AI Runabout yellow, 4-spood transmission, 2.3 lilrt engine AM radio, ai pent plaid stet trim, team ocean! group, while udo wolfs, light consentant. group pewtr steering. power broket, err conditioning, epptortntt protettion group, tinted gloss, veldt body side moldingt Stock » tl2 1 4 t < t n n a 
L isted P rice * 4 7 7 3 
P e t t e d P ric e * 3 
8 
8 
8 

76 MONARCH Ghio 2-dr. de«k brown mtisllK, ton vinyl reel, SSI V I, backtl stets, moon reel, 
M vhitv tidtwollt. convenience group, digital dock, p o w r r T M 
'A ■ 
■ star, tomato, power aroktt, Hoot shill, bemat* 
B 
B I 
I 
B o ti rating minors, risibility 

 f £ ' k V i f m W 
W 
L 
* 6 
3 
8 
8 

’76 BOBCAT Runaboiepi 
B ta«m t. air conditioning, pow.: stooling, power Iron! ^ 
~ A m ■ 
^ ^ O l , white side walls, on con dittoning, tmltd gloss styli 
B 
B B 
B B n rings, wide color keyed 
— ’’“ ■ I K R J . V l o 
* 4 
1 
8 
8 

J6 BOBCAT Runabout vehrto, 2.3 hire engine, rod vteyl root, sports octant group, white side watts, power steering, bumper group, et* conditioning, apparance protection group, batad gloss, hinged quarter window, wide body tide rooMings, 4- spood transmission Stock 44626 sen a a 
P e t t e d P ric e *388 8 

76 bOB' Af Runobcf. 
I metallic sports Otitn! group while side wells, power iti^ k ll I U I 
B conditioning AM radio with craw^csiii J \ J L l/ase*. ‘3777 
76 MERCURY Come! 2-dr. light gt«t«, g#88« viny t roof, 3o2 VI, tmyl Hilt nor, owtomatK if on nm bs. un whit# »Mft«»oll», pow#, itotrm j 4 brokoi, bumf*#* troop, m i conditioning, iporii outfit group, opptatomt proiortion group, gt«»i, boowy duty luipomron, AB fd monoioi r* 4 to Slock 
DIMONSTRATOR. L is te d P rice SSI 81. 
P e tt e d P ric e * 4 2 8 8 
TORTH PARK 
L I N C OL N - ME R C U R Y 
9 2 o 7 SAN PEDRO 
341.8841 

27 IN 
STOCK 

TUDEENGINEERED a-JggJgf 

THE SPOTLIGHT is on SPIRES— 
DOUGLAS BUICK 

1 o* five 
S 
DAYS ONLY 

M O N ., DEC. 27th THRU 
FRI., DEC. 3 l it 8:3o am -1o:oo pm. 
FOLLOW 
THE SPOTLIGHT 

' a l s o , 
SPECIAL SAVINGS 
O N USED CARS! 

NOTHING I I M TO 
RAV RUT SALIS 
T A *, U C , TITLE, 
OI A lf ■ M A K I 
Rf AOY. 

77 BUICK OPEL 
DON’T FORGET 
•4oo REBATE IN ADDITION TO 
5% OFFER 
EXAMPLE: 
*3127.95 . 5 
% 
M M C ! 
— 4oo.oo CASSAT! 

STK. »o5167 
*2727.95 KS 

INSIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• EMPLOYMENT • ANNOUNCEMENTS 
• BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
• FINANCIAL 
• BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY 
• EDUCATION 
• MERCHANDISE 
• LIVESTOCK 
• PUBLIC & LEGAL NOTICE 
• AUTOMOTIVE 
• RECREATIONAL 

SIE THE “ GOLDEN TWINS’’ FOR ALL REAL 
ESTATE, RENTAL AND MOBILE HOME ADS 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
Page I -F 
Motoring 
World 
Tile ultimate motor home 

GMC’s new 2 6 -fo o t Kingsley m otor hom e combines excellent ride and handling characteristics w ith m any interior features 
1977 looms uncertain 

By JIM ABBOTT 

AUTO EDITOR 
There is a new luxury motor home out on the nation’s highways called the Kingsley. The new 26-foot motor home is produced by 
GMG Truck and Coach division. 
The new Kingsley, which joins the 
Elcganza ll and Palm Beach models, features simulated wood paneling, russet color nylon seating w ith matching deep-cut pile carpeting and luxurious, fully lined draperies 
For 1977. the Kingsley and all other 
GMF m otor homes feature a new saddle color instrument panel with a more convenient location for the ash tray and various controls. The new models also are equipped w ith a more efficient automotive air condi­ tioner and heating system. 
Floor plan 
The basic floor plan for all GMG motor homes incorporates a forward dinette and couch and rear facing settee. Other variations including swivel chairs on the left hand side or a couch iii place of tin' dinette, are available to meet indiv idual needs 
Available for the first time iii 1977 is tin' new tw in-lied arrangem ent with side bath and seperate shower. 
In te rio r craftsm anship is h ig h ­ lighted by such features a s hand- sanded cabinet drawers fo r added strength, drawers are of dovetail construction w ith glued rather than stapled joints and include dust shields. 

Sleeping ureas ran be a i ra ngeil to a c c u m - analgic six ailalls. 

Storage areas are located through­ out the home. Then', is a wardrobe area complete with full-length m irror and large hanging space 
Sleeping areas 

Sleeping areas eau be arranged to accommodate nj) to six adults 
The forward dinette is fully padded aud incorporates reclining seats and flip flop aircraft st> Ie table vv itll glass holder inserts. The rear com part­ ment is easily separated from the forward area for pnvaev 
A deluxe three-burner range aud oven is featured iii the kitchen 
There is also a 7 5 cubic foot an­ electric refrigerator with freezer A single lever faucet supplies water to the double stainless steel sink 
The bath module is all fiberglass and contains sink and shower facilities, toilet and overhead vanity covered with tempered glass 
A 8o,9oo BTU gas furnace provide heat for the luxury home 
The fu r­ nace has a constant spark pilot light which eliminates the need for man­ ually lighting Hie pilot 
The living area heating system also features a ducted eold-air return. 
Quieter ride 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 197 7 
Auto industry uncertain 

Continued from Page I dered to meet in the years ahead - especially the 27.5 average miles per gallon figure for 1985. 
The legislation calling for a steady annual improvement in fuel economy is based on the average of the total output of any one manufacturer. 
Certainly, the events of the last tun years have provided the industry with all the incentive it will ever need to turn out products that deliver bet­ ter gas mileage. 
This is true not only of domestic producers but import car builders as well. Since the price of gasoline has risen sharply in the last two years and threatens to go even higher, there is no doubt that the consumer wants all the miles per gallon that he can get. 
At this period in time it is difficult to convince the public that automotive production lines might be stilled in the 197.8 model year. 
The 94th Congress adjourned with­ out laking action on an amendment that would have extended 1977 model year emission requirements for one year. 
The automakers are now testing cars for federal certification based on 
1977 standards. 

7 believe our latvmaliers an d adm inistrators trill do alia! they believe is best for A m erica' 

 lf the 95th Congress does not act, the industry would be in violation if it tried to market any cars built to 1977 requirements. 
What the industry really wants is an amendment to extend 1977 stan­ dards for at least three years 
One problem that has been consis­ tent for several years is a legislative lack of understanding of lead time — the period in which a new car is con­ ceived and brought to market. The span is a minimum of three years. 
P ro g re s s 
Charges that the industry is against clean air are nonsense. 
No sector of the economy has spent more or made more progress in this area than the auto industry. 
Even if no changes were made in the standards that apply to 1977 cars, automobiles still will meet the na­ tional air quality standards set by the 
Environmental Protection Agency for most parts of the country by 1985 
Los Angeles is a notable exception 

Autotoofivi M JH * V~ 

 but California standards consistently have been much more strict. 
To help maintain clean air stan­ dards, it is important that the mo­ toring public does its part by keeping emission equipment in good working order. 
For example, what about, the war­ ranty on such equipment? 
The replacement and repair in­ dustry — a vital portion in the total automotive segment — contends that the five year/5ft,ool) mile warranty would place an impossible strain on service facilities. 
Chis view is shared by the Ameri­ can Automobile Association. l'he 
Automotive 
Information 
Council, an organization of some HOH members with divergent views, be­ lieves that Congress should resolve the problem. 
What the industry has been doing and will continue to do is strive to attain both goals of greater fuel economy and cleaner air. 
Periodic and proper service is im­ portant. 
While automotive service opera­ tions have been the target of consi­ derable criticism, the record shows that the great majority of service outlets are managed by honest and efficient people. 

IN ADDITION to recreational use, the new 19 7 7 Kingsley motor nome can serve as a mobile office for business or industry 
1977 KINGSLEY MOTOR HOME 

AUTOMOTIVt DISPLAY 

Continued from Page I tors homes is the front wheel drive system. 
The front drive plus the tandem independent rear air suspension, low center of gravity, six wheel braking system and aluminum and molded fiberglass body, make the Kingsley one of the nicest riding motor homes 

 on the road. 
Beginning in 1977, the vehicle will be powered by a 4o3 cubic inch V-8 engine, combined with an oil-cooled three speed automatic transmission. 
Extra features that can be added include dual roof mounted air condi­ tioning, AM/FM radio with tapedeck, power campsite leveling device. 

 cruise control and 6,ooo watt motor generator. 
The Kingsley is just about the ulti­ mate in in motor home transportation available today, but then it should be. for what it cost you could buy a pretty nice three bedroom home. 
Of course you couldn't verv well take a trip in a regular home. 

[TRUCKS TRAIURS BUSES 
(5 
TRUCKS TRAILERS BUSES n g lg a ) |C iPo,Ii' lmo,,s ) (* !* ) iC WUU, m n nn"*)( j j j ) ( 

YEAR END SPECIAL 
ROD EAST VOLKSWAGEN © 

• Ji Ion • Automotii Irununmion 

• 4oo Cubit In V8 • Power 

Steering • Power Broket 

• Non Slip Oilf • Am 

Fuel lunk • An Condition 

• Mony More Options 

NO BETTER CAR...NO BETTER PLACE TO BUY... 
14o2 NI LOOP 41o (EXIT AT NACOGDOCHES ID 
828-12o1 

4 W H EEL DRIVE 
LIST: $8611.95 
SELLING FOR: * 7 
o 
5 
9 
. ° ° * 

$ 1 5 o o ° ° S A V IN G S 

•PLUS TAX, TITH AND LICENSE, TRANS. 
SAN ANTONIO TRUCKS 
SALES & SERVICE 
8 8 1 o IH -1 o EA ST 6 6 1 -4 5 1 I 

9o1 
WANTED VEHICLES 

BuvJunTcarT^njU< T^> uTup^ 
QQQQ, BAO, W O RSE *13 64U 
Buy Junk Cars Iron, Etc. 

Aorco Autos 92/ 111 I or *33 JOJO 

•74 C ML VY I strimlrmt 
Air. radio, pi 

I S41H Evr 

I * E pitL up. 6 cvl 
8 tied, tv OOO im 
" SHOO Marinate 

/Oft I 

'74 < HL W i ocxted i • * i ■ i 
*9 CH EVY I 

END OF 
YEAR SALE! 

$1ooo“ WORTH OF AC­ 
CESSORIES ... FOR $2oo“ 
WHEN YOU PURCHASE A 
NEW 1976 V.W. DASHER 
OR 1976 VW CAMPER ... 
$7oo“ 
WORTH 
OF 
AC­ 
CESSORIES ... FOR $2oo“ 

WHEN YOU PURCHASE A 
1976 RABBIT ... 

January 
Clearance 
• USED CARS • 

72 DATSUN 
. 

74 DATSUN •fWMNItMOfl..... 

4-door, automatic oir, 
/*I ULU!# 
•tortm scot* and 

 a AJB f Sportobout Station Wogort, 
/ J A m i standee d trail min* Mon, A* rodto 

76 PLYMOUTH • r amin iv Mvn. CM radio. 
2ooo CC anoine 

*1895 

*2395 

*3695 

*2495 

*2795 

75 CHEVROLET 
Mama 2 *2 Coupe, automat!., en .amJ.l o n . , ^ ^ 

Cash for 
I. orrv ( oar 
San F'-dro 

■ at s and tr on Auto Salt" 

 mn motor 
Van Bus 

75 LANaA^src^/srri.., ,u q r 

S enead l/ruivnmio" v 4 7 J 

COMET M H R TOW SI? P V ICE 

We buy lunk cars, pay top cashi 
433 i»ol, 6o7 5 Gen McMullen 

M O RI CASM FOR JU N K CARS 

TRUCKS CTC 
, 
*23 4422 
B A X T ER SALVAGE 122) Quintana 

PAY TOP PRICES 

♦or wrecked cars, and trucks 
Auto Ports, 222 IOU 
S E L LIN G YOUR CAR 

7oCHEVY pickup IW B , arr, stand 
Excellent condition *48 2o11 atter 6 

■43 C HL wood condition ua .’Jot 

74 CME V Y_Super Ch? 
Loaded Call 341 1933 

Hi p rice s paid tor clean C ars. 
Trucks etc 222 1 342 
TOP DO LLAR! FOR JU N K CARS, 
T R U C K S , S C R A P , 124 M IL E 
RAD IUS SAN ANTONIO 342 41o1 

USIH C M tU lE M 
SMITH CHEVROLET 

1721 BROADWAY 
27) 428) 

*hit< spoke mans, dual exhaust 
41294 6o44)78 
'67 CME VY " J ton J27, 4 speed */»4 
223 4631 
74 CME VY 1J ton VB. auto , power, tottery air, very low mi Like new, 
433*4 Will trode *21 2883 
64 CME 
T raitO r trai noter i>d. 14 vd 

 ill 166o 
.lite hydraulic dump $3? 
74 C H EVY VAN Deauville G EO 
Custom carpets. Stereo, am tm, tape 34o V8. auto air. excellent 
4)994 
Ray. 
Floresville, 
39) 472o 

 eves-weekends 

’71 JEEP PICKUP 

4 W h e e l D riv e 
__________ 
828 1338_____________ _ 
67 JE hi* Woqoneer. 4 wheel dr. air, o l cond 41424 see Medical Center 
Texaco Bohcock Wur/boch Rd 

LEA SE TRUCK LIQUIDATIO N 

74 F O R D ’ 2 T O N 
$ 1 9 5 o 

75 C H E V Y V 2 T O N 
$ 2 7 5 o 

Run ond look good’ 434-2433____ 
7o MACK R kSb" 

9o2 —rtorcycses Scooters 
*7 *BU LTTFo74oT*u^q n?^*. lean. areal condition1 342 646/ 
IT T * iso Honda, extra lunk, runs welt 44oo 64V 16)7 
4«i h '(!in 6 a * iOdv~rmtii*ciQC».' I owrHT 
Must StMi v?2 466* 
76 h6nDAMAT|C 74o 42oo miles. 
418oo 777 1o7) atter 6 p m 
>i h 6 n o a m r 174 Enduro Clean excellent condition 
Extras 
47-o 

*84-o448 
M MONDA MT 24o. 244o mi mint condition. 447s or best otter 484-o6o4 

HONDA OF SAN ANTONIO 

47o8 MoBurt 684- JQH?_______ 
'77 HON J) A i .o "l i IMI I n r 

. good 

74 H6NOA Super Sport 4oo nil still in worrronty 41894 646 o6>4 
7$ HONDA 4oo Super Sp o il months old, 4oo m iles 
492 928o anytime 

Ti 

41o4o 

74 MUSKY WR 24o, 6 speed Clean, 
Mood shape, extras 47oo 684 o448 
J o e h a r r is o n h o n d a 
Sales Service-Purlx 

1*o1 BROADWAY 
824 9494 
/* KAW ASAKI Like new With Bell 
Star helmet 4974 444 3214 ti 8 awa saki 
‘WI St.* avis 
KAWASAKI i 

NEW H A R LEY DAVIDSON i pike Driven only 38 mite 

TTWrrTFT 

4An An t o n io c y c l e 4a i e s 
KAWASAKI Sates, Service. Parts 
111 NAKOMA 
494 4244 r# S U Z U K I T 4o# ll 
Ex ce lle n t 

 cond > 9o Coll 
341 3o89 d B H B T S t i l i f t l h . s n s i H H 
337 7914 eves. weekends 

9o6 Tires and Accessories 
4 Appliance tits Thunder! 

AUTO PAIN TIN G 

Also body work at reasonable rotes 
Colt tor tree estimate 434 4427 
2 cAFTJF^i'OisTT**yiTiTTiT"TtT"uT" 

' s tor 
§187 6- 

PIC KU P TRUCK PA R T&" 

TF 
.I tCUVv IM I., ...I. aine 824 / 9o8 So) ond Sun_________ 
G o 6 d U S E b EN G IN ES PARTS 

BA X T ER S SALVAGE 
3227 Quintette 923 442? 

I ion IteW truck a way hydraulic 

9o8 Tracks I Comirercial 

Traders Buses 

" " 'adams Ip ih 
,'o,mum 

NEW end USE u 
TRUCK PARTS 

1814 RO O SEVELT 
411 4181 
" " " I l X 1^ 
W HiTE t r u c k 's 
814 PRO#ANOT r n n i t 
A S S U M E 
P A Y M E N T S , 
T i 

RAN G ER X l t , t wheel dr loaded 
924 4424 
TS CHCI 

5f R 

■i. t 

SHEI 
Aller 

7T7TT 

 nTc hT v's 'Ol E I 
.ion 

Sharp' rail 341 J93) 

 t T B T T tr ) Ton f row 

74 < auto 
HE VV VAN CWB 
. a lr, AM IM tape, r 6S6 1o96 anytime 

V8. pc custoi rn 

67 C Iff VC VAN standard 6. load VISO 43.) Vo.IH 
J ^ 
HE V*/ 4 WD VAN 

N« 
Brauntei 
OOO m iles, brokes 
464oo 
I 6?V 1V68_________________________ 
72 CO UR 11 M 
Radio. Gem top 

Camper, steel radials, low mr $17oo 
144 493? otter lp m _________________ 
74 DA TSUN" p'iTkup’ with cover"' 
4 speed, air, CB. radials Low miles, ond mote! $774o 644 198o_________ b l i l i i . I kl ic V 
''"i 'ii .te’" a 
' 

/V"bODGr Gnod* Ti mi 
■auipOed 
$674o 
242o 
724o2*1 

Von tuily 
Broadway. 

74 Dodge Tradesm an 2oo Maxi 
Van 429*4 or best otter 828 4718 
71 Oddgi van 6 C ytmdei Standard 
[ lilly Carpeted Captains Chairs 
Via ny I itros 4)1)oo 644 
_______ 
/4 D O D G E VAN 
New Iron s", 

 clutch a m FM 8 track $29oo Se 

 nous inauirics only. 137 744o eves , weekends 
71 DOuuC Wmdn 
7) line 

4 speed Powei 

74 I I n ileau 
T T T - 

74 FORD Custom IW B auto, V I iodic heater, clean $2444 *o% fin uncma available 224 4419 

JNU, t>C t P 
74 FO RD F 34o CUSTOM 
I ton 

 dual wheels, no bed Power brakes, steering, air 44o V8. auto . aoosen eefc hitch Looks ond runs excellen! 
By owner $3374 Seguin 1 372 o189 oltgr 6 weekdays___________________ 
73 FO R D 
Ex p lo re r vk. power steeling brakes, air, rear bumper, cab hi shell very clean 
Marvin s Texaco. Hwy 21) Blanco, 
Tex (1)833 4413 
74 I APO F ten i At) i 

74 ► ord F IOO. V 8, under 16.ooo miles 
Excellent cond 
$3994 

6*o 118$ 

>1 f 6 r O I w l 3«d V I air rodiu 
Best otter 643 4o*4 

 arte 
74 Fo rd pickup 
V I. loaded 

 camper $3 4oo or best otter must sell 4W 4**2 eves. ond wk ends 
44 S DR D P IC K U P SW S oyer drive $1*4 441 39o4 44 1 4741 
*T 
. 

48 F O R D P t^ K U # !"* * tc 
4 speed 4*oo Jim B rune 441 4411 
76 Ford 4 eld SWM 
7) Chevy loaded L WB 
$2674 
72 Chevy 11 Ion. loaded 
$2o7$ 
283 Now L aredo Hwy *24 T2II 
74 l ^ P 'J ' i-," . ,• 
.A B. 

 i i MX) Ask tor Son lutes atter S pm 6 
T v r n m 
' g t H 
"TTT 

7 2 they 

'76 C H E V Y B L A Z E R 

Loaded immaculate* 9.gee miles 
Call 
JAY 1*4 3 i i (fW irvV C IO Custom Deluse large 
6 standard, air 
S32oo 
349 3 4 7 4 _____________ 
I J F J i T i V Y c w t Y E N N E ton pickup Low rte , I WB, air 4*4 7441 c K iT y T T T T f ir ejI botes 
.o8o 

 with teudr late. i adn 

Chevy i IO t*7o 'i ten. standurd, radio Si OOO 
Ford F 25o 1*73 
- ten lender teal 

 boxes automate VI. $2,OOO 
Ford F 248 1*71 
. Ion tender tool boxes, standard VI, Si OOO 
C a ll Thom as M iC ab i* 92 1 4343 
M o n fri 8 S. G u ard Machinery & 
Supply 3428 Roosevelt Aye 

T m w 
T n r r 
SiN? It) oPo7 t t fob- 
/I f 6 h o x l tI * Wa, auto, power 

 brakes 
$394o coit Jim 
441 441 
74 OMC >i<iiup! Outo on. $284o call Jim 44 1 4411 

 steering 

72 

T I CM 
T i 

HOFFER TRUCK CO. 

IN I E RNA TI 
SAI t. S Ah 

B</x (ll im 
(4) 
Wrecker 

1*42 International tractor 
$2 «oo COH Bub 714 42)o. 

H n t V I t x A V IT U L i Load, 
I 37* 4888 
72 INT.. | It_____ immaculate' Seguin 

TRUCKS TRAIlfRS BU SH ) 

Triplex, Twin Screw *27-4462 
72 MAZDA 'i ton 4 cyl, 4-speed 
Irons. radio, heater, exceptionally dean $11*4 Will trode *23 2883___ 
Flew ond U$*d Bum pers. Light weight to heavy duty. For all sites 
Of pickup trucks *24 6441 2o2 New 
I Loc ode Hwy. 
___________ 

I i Olds Toroi' 
Hdition 161o I ifg lT T - te T TTT 

(id<i, iood^d, mint 
72&JS22. r r v : 
T win : 
• cedent 

7o Postman type J E E P . 2o,OOO ml. excellent cond 
$14oo 
646-614o; 
72? 1249 
74 RAN C H ERO Loaded AM FM tope. special deal on any calli Ma 

 ie 222-84U. n RAN CH ERO SQ U IR E, loaded, tetra clean, low mi am tm stereo 
$42*4 434 o378_____________________ 
73 R A N C H E R O VR. auto mag wheels $184o call Jim 641 4411 
76 

© 

For the largest savings in town.. .See us on any new BMW, VW or Subaru. 
HOLIDAY SPECIALS 
76 RAB8IT, air, automatic........................... $3988 
75 VW Dasher Station wagon...................... $3795 
75 VW RABBIT, 25,ooo mi., air, AM/fM 
$3188 
74 BMW 2oo2, air, AM-FM stereo................. $6 o 44 
74 VW BEETLE, air, rodio................................ $ 2395 
74 SUPER BEETLL...........................................$2167 
74 DASHER 2-door, like new, 28,ooo mi................$2867 
73 SUBARU CLEAN............................. 
71 VWBus....................................... 
7o OPEL CT, Red............................... 
7o AUDI, 4-dooc............................... lf you don’t see us 
■A mvmtkv b efo re you buy . . . 
You Could Po y Too M uch. 

$1788 

. . $ 1 8 8 8 b 
..$ 1 5 9 5 
..$ 1 8 7 o 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 

A ctos* fro m Wo adar land at F re d e rick sb u rg Rd. 

7 3 3 - 7 1 Z I S o lo s A S e r v ic e 

SPORTS, IMPORTSDO 

73 Montego GT. air, AM PM tape player and radio, power, good con- 
Clition 42/oo 623 44o/ 

 jkUTOWOHYi BISHAY 
AUTOMOTIVE QI SFL AT 

Must Sell! 1975 MGB, L IK E NEW , 
22,ooo miles. 22o-2324 69D 176o. 
NORTH LOOP VO LKSW A G EN 

732-7121 

4423 Fredericksburg Rd 
NORTHWOOD PO RSCH E AUDI 

1236 N E. LOOP 41o 

824 3214 
'74 O P E L WAGON Air, 4 speed, fuel iniected. Radio, under 11,ooo mi $34oo. 653 6392. 
__________ 
7o O P E L Wagon, gold. $4oo 

54oo S N EW B R A U N F E LS , 431 11o 
’71 P O R S C H E 914 A ppearance group, AM-FM cassette, excellent cond 342-1612 after 6. 
75 PORSCHE 914, 2 o 

C ALL: 222-1342 
'64 PO R SC H E 356 C. Black, good condition, air Atter 6 pm, 342 711o. 

P O R S C H E 

1974, 911 Targa. Loaded, low miles, orig owner 824-7348, 4*2 9224. 
’74 Rabbit Custom Deluxe, A ir, 
AM PM 
Stereo 
Rodio. 
$3o5o. 

342 185o. 
74 SUBARU WAGON Air, AM FM stereo. $2ooo. 448-o8o8. 
________ 
■65 SU N BEA M Tiger. 3o2 VS, com- pietely rebuilt Sharp; 492 9426 
74 S U P E R B E E T L E . Auto., good condition $24oo 824-4265 
Toke over payments on '74 VW No equity. Call: 824-o918 ask tor Fred, after 7- 922 7757 
T E R R IF IC B U Y ! '74 FIA T 124 con­ vertib le . E x tra hard top, a ir, 
5 speed $335o 342 6694 
'72 Toyota Corolla Deluxe, 4-door, 
Fine car! Must sell. 824-8338. 
76 TOYOTA Corolla Deluxe. Air, radio $3595 681 3217; 433 424o 
71 Toyota Corolla wagon, 4 speed, 
AM EM, $525 cosh. 432 58o5. 
'71 Toyota 2 Dr Oeluxe 224-6946 

FIN AN CE, TRA D E or CASH 
74 TRIU M PH S P IT F IR E . French blue, lug. rock, hardtop In mint condition. 655-2818. 
'66 TRIU M PH Spitfire MK ll. Great condition Good engine, tires, lop. battery 
$8oo 
'42 
VOLVO 
$3oo 
349 22o7 
•73 T R IU M P H STAG . Auto . air, 
AM EM . Classy! Runs perfectly 
$4695 Days 732 81o9 Niles 341 563o. 

VOLKSWAGEN 

Ports-Serviee-Cors 

655 1131 

R A N G E R 
X L Y . 

 payments call 924 5624 pick 
UP 

SL HOOL Highway Diesel Buses 

23o1 NOGALITOS 
534 471) 
SCOUT Awheel dr 1 new tires $15oo 681 
14 travel top, 
441, 927 42*1 
Take over payments on 74 Chevy pickup No eaudy Call 824 o918 ask tor Fred, Aller I *22 7737 

 t a k e Ov e r 
U d Econolmc 
M EN T S on 
656 6*71 
74 TO! 
AM F M 

> Long 
D bum 
>! 6/V4 
1972 TRAN1 a Kl 824 27 

T AR, top shape, 
7 or 655 9538 
IOO U SED TRUCKS and 
T R A ILE R S IN STOCK 

C H A RLIE S TRUCK PARTS 
*28 1o16 

V A N S W A N T E D * 

-Sit S F LO R ES 
923 4211 
63 VW BUS. good condition, new tires 4724 734 154o 
Wofh Truck, i*»9 F ISO Crew cob with Custom bed and bnxes Full length overhead rack 124 2o91 eves I 249 3847 

912 A r a t i Services Sumnifc: 

I FREE C A M ER A ! 
* 

J-* 
(Limited Otter, must be 18 yrs ot age, 
I with valid Davor s license ) 

I We ll Even Furnish a roll of Color Film (2o Expo- I 

 y votes). 
- 
| When you take a test drive in the hottest Import | 
| in the country, 
SUBARU 

I Only A t ... 
____ 
J NORTH LOOP SUBARU 
" 4623 FREDERICKSBURG RD 
I across tram Wonderland 
Sales and Service 
I sales ana service 
732-71211 

 i i Aud), 1ooLS Excellent condition. 
Low mileage Automatic, with air, 
4*6 3525 824 34oU 
'BM W -' 
Bavaria like new. I o 4-door sedon 
$12,ooo Value, tor only $599$ by owner, 342-1842 anytime 

CESSNA 

Aircraft, Ports, Servici 
M etric 
A ir 
M otive, 

Municipal *22 2747 

Rentals 
S t in s o n 

1*6* C ESSN A SK YH AW K NAV 
COM 3oo 34o, MA U A 9o. IS SOA, transponder, new paint, new an­ nual- Like new! 
1**9 CESSNA ISO COMMUTOR 
19*8 CESSNA 21o 
1974 CESSNA 21o 
1**7 
C H ER O K EE 
14o 4. 
IFR 

 equipped 
Call A l St? 729 7657 
*4 CESSNA ISO. 17*5 TTAE, Strobe. 
Narco 12 A 1*o Excellent condition 
Never a trainer November onnuol. 
481 2441. *27 42*1 t*7i g r u m m a n t r a i n e r O i standing condition 4/6oo 
M 

74 W A R RIO R FU L L IF R C A LL 
FRAN K AOAMS 448 o22o 

914 
ANTIQUE and COLLECTORS c u t 

Ii Roodite' 

19*1 CHEVY PIC K U P Restored to original >7ooo 644 1oo1 
COR Y A IR Owner , Unit, 
Can 

COR VAIR CLUB 
*4 E L C A M IN O 
P o w e r, oir. 

4 speed 
AM FM stereo tope 

Radials, chrome wheels Asking 
$17oo 
Beauty' 34* 27*1. atter 4 

4)3 o*44 
4* FO RD F IGO 8 cyl pickup in if Ct 

OF ({pineal ccj(j 
Karnes City. 

 idtiti 

1*4o FORD PICK UP tar restoration 
Runs good SSM or best otter by 
Jan Isl *4*1 $41; 734-3841 
1*24 FO RD f C O U PE running Black with ye! 

43 MG Midge 

45 MUSTANG Deluxe 289 VI. auto , foe tor y arr all power Still tike newt 
$25oo 34 1 2*33 

916 SPORTS, FORffCW CARS 
73 A l t A ROMEO Vi 
Cor 222-1347 
Jen na Spider 

19/3 A U D I F O X 

7B JEEP CJ S 
►OO. tor cor to 

BMW 32o1.53oi, S3oCSi 
Call David Weinberg 732 7121 
CAPRI, 1*73, 
144 HUO 
2,ooo’ Red 
$!/*», 

72 C A P R I, runs like new $7$|. 
44) 3oo4, 4*1 4741 
73 C A PRI V-6, $td Irons , 4 speed 
AM FM radio, an conditioned Rear window defroster, vinyl top 

43$ 1227 l l C t L iC A ST 
E x celie n t cond' lio n ' tires, new puint B ab y to m mg Must sell by l$tt SI395 or pest 
Offer 694 92o9 
*4 COR v I T T E Convertible 327 4 speed AM FM, mags grid lakers 
675o434 
74 C O R V E T T E 
3ooo mi Its lik e 

 new Under Warranty til June 1977. 
V895o 653 3335 or 826 24o3 
C O R V E T T E , 74 

 g it ,M 
N e e d s m in o r 
149 2791 

7? D A T SU N , ulr, auto B rig h t orange $93o 441 1oo4 64) 474) 
DATSUN 

BRYSO N AUTO C EN T ER 

143o PAT BO O KER 

U N IV ERSA L CITY *34 4771 
75 DATSUN P IC K U P , 22,ooo mi excellent $224o 653 4o3o 
71 D A T SU N .‘ll trode 724 9897 

Loaded SMOG or 

73 Datsun 24U 
AM FM new cond* *96 4.147, 

 law mr. arr, outo, re s b r a k e s , ex i i 8253 

75 DATSUN 28o I 73.ooo I air, colt 
777 8848, ask 

Martinet 

*1, auto. tor 
Art 

’ I DATSUN 24o I otter 484 2oo4 
Mott sell, best 

7$ DAT SUN 2»DI 2 + 2 Silver grey. 
♦opt- deo etc 4574o 651 6162 
73 DATSUN 24o z Standard, air. blue Good condition. O rig in a l awner 341*312 
; tew.m r . 

$9oo 
71 HONDA *oo Sedan radio, 45 M PG, radial tires 
KEN. 344 534) nifty 

 lf YOU CAN BU Y A B E T T E R 
BU ILT SMALL CAR THAN AT. 

D R E Y E R TOYOTA 
BU Y IT 

STOCK 
CAUCHO N 

 t ( *J C VW I AMIT, Automat** 
< \ 

, ' nwiki, • xioptionally 

* S T,T nowwa ‘ 
‘ 2 4 9 5 " I 

‘ 1 9 8 7 t 

WAS 
NOW ta n COtOUA Wagon oat 
/ it radio. o.ooo mil®* 

74 

WAS...81 B93 
I , CTC Ar n o w ........ M 5 7 5 
* 

HtlUX 
Ptakup, aute.. 

'a die. tew miteagu WAS 
„» l ft* o lO TO C n o w 
‘2 7 9 5 

MARK ll 
Wagon, aute.. 

» % ’nirM945 
72 

7 4 5 r^ te ° * 

 w u 
H 
82*93 NOW 
‘ 1 9 9 5 
I * * COROLLA, 3 dr., w ateteg 
/ J m an s xpaxMl, 
4 t-4 , 
‘ 1 7 2 5 
, A M /FM 
W A S ... f t * * * 
• J A C H IC A ft., ak 
74 ^ 8 . S o il 
‘2 9 6 5 
COOOkkA M ate ll, auto 
HR. air. 
AM -FM 
>teraa, a a w a r » • urine 
* ..ryWng ar . only 
4 OOO mites W A S t v a a i I 
$*49$ now . *5295 

7 6 ! 

> 72 C H IC A . 
4 la d . sterna , > 
73 
‘ 2 6 7 5 
I 
• T o c a r i n a c o u r* 

/ Z i a dm .WAS 
, 
8189* -- ’ 
73: 

 aute., 
1 6 3 5 

 it *9* 
MOW . 

N O W 
H O RN S!, ow 
W A S 
I . . M 3 9 5 
* T C COROLLA 
Caup*. 
4- 
' / 9 tpaad. air. radte, xx 
I raetteweWy nice 
W A S 

M R X . . , 
W e h ave 44 t a n Im xtert must bu xaW. Comm by, a n a m ake an atter en rm 

CALL 
KAY ' 
7S2Yf21 

JA G UAR ii * k I . V IJ, 2 2 29,o4o rn, $',5(>Q * ‘Zn IVO# atter 6 pm 
K A R M A N G H IA 
1972 Air. AM r o(11o. bright ye! ow 
Sikou firm 
7)3 "68 J. 
72 M ACO* V I I rotary engine r irsi Soso est 649' 

 ulster. tooth 

 p.. 

 i beige, bam 
&1I options, I 

I Qiiabie Mint hristi, I SSS I Xii 
M ER C E D E S Bt N I 
IV69 
SUO SEL 
6.1 mint fond!Hon All power, air, electric sunroof and antenna AM 
TM stereo with cassette velour seats Michtrlin tires See atter 5 pm 
*«■*■>days anytime weexends ol 2o3 
Gaiety Lone 
M ER C E D E S 24o C . W O Must sell! 
Best otter. Call 732 9741 

FRED ERICKSBURG RD. 

S 
M im 
W iT 

7o VOLVO 164, oir, power brokes steering, 4 sod, excellent condition. 
S2I95. 653-8497 
7o VOLVO 144-S. 4-speed, radio, 
$15oo Atter $ 3o : 923-134o_________ 
‘24 VOLVO 

142 Standard, otr, AM-FM radio. 
48.ooo ml. S35oo. 492 17o5 
'ST VW SUO, clean S195. Financing available 224-4419 
'7o VW B U G Rebuilt eng., brokes, radials. $1125. 654-2o74 
'69 VW BU G , sanroof, real nice, needs motor work $34o. 333-8142 a n y tim e 
'n VW BUS. Overhead air, mutt sell! Call: 722-1342. 
'49 VW BU S , 9 passenger, radio, heater. $99$ 9oS financing availa­ ble 224 4419 
•71 VW B U S, 7 pass. Good condition. 
Air, rodio. 5,3,ooo mi 661 5496 
71 VW BUS 4 sp , oir, 3 seats, bed, new radiate, special windows $2995. 
655 o941, or 73* 17)6 

7 t VW Convertible A ir, steel belted radials $1995 6557455 
74 VW DASHER, auto 

 oir, low mi. $?S$o 333 81S2 
'72 VW 411. 4door. 6 cylinder. 34 OOO miles, outomotic I speed tronsmis ston $15oo 344 6878 oft 6 

VW ENGINES $179.5o 

R E B U IL T A G U A R A N T EED 

IN ST A LLED 

6 MONTHS or 6,ooo M IL E S 

LA RG E STOCK U SED PA RT S 

A M ERICAN BU G C E N T ER 

828-63o2 

*4 VW, good running condition, new point, $85o or best ofter 654 1627. ■ 
*» VW K A RM EN GHIA Must geltt 
Leovlnq (o .ntry $47$. 733-o271 ■ 
41 VW, new Irons, clutch, genera tor, voltage regulator and battery. 
Needs valve lob. $44o. or best otter. 
433 3912 
7$ VW R A B B IT AM FM , great gas mileoge S2I95 344 4981, 3447129 m 
73 VW S U P E R BE I I L E 
Good 

 condition New tires New tun# up and front end lob 433 96o5 

918 Circ For Safe or frafc 

A IR W A Y S R E N T A C A R 
1*75 C A R S F O R S A L E 
M I 8211 
C o rn e r A irp o rt B lv d ond H o lm R d 

A L A M O T O Y O T A 
A c ro s s F r o m A irp g rM 2 l- o 7 2 3 
514 N E L O O P 41o 
7$ A M C P A C E R X S ta m iu .d n o m m ission , a ir. 52*oo Jim 641 4511 

A S S U M E 
P A Y M E N T S , 
‘T i 
C O U G A R X R 7 , co ll 924-4626 

’72 A U D I IOO U L E xcelient cond . outo., air, 
826-34oo low mileage. 696-352S or 
"■ H F 
T o k e up p a y m e n ts w ith q u a lifie d c r e d it 
A p p lic a t io n s a c c e p te d b y p hone N j a p p lic a tio n s re fu se d 
M R 
E A R L 
127 1415 

64 M E .R C .E D E S 231) S i 
P lu s h ard top, on options E xcelient condition 
468oo 6k4 282/ eves wkf rids 

M E T R IC M A S T E R , 824742/ 
VW Engine Overhaul VW 
$185. 

6 Month • 6,ooo Mi Warranty 
SER V IC E AND RL PA IR 

•78 M O B 
Oepnges 

 ii alure Low Mileage 
696 84o8 or 225 2826 

741 r M C B 
L o a d e d V e r y 

 iteoye Mukt sell! Best ofter, 

‘ 69o 1584 

'47 M G B , p lu s h a rd to p 
A ir n e w point tires, u p h o lste ry 
R e a l c le a n 
5)4oo 484 2827 e y e s , w h en as 

M IS S IO N C IT Y IM P O R T S k a le s S e rv ic e 
382o S A N P E D R O 
734 2243 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R 
P L Y M O U T H S 
V O L A R E S 
D O D G E V A N S 
D O O G E A N O O M C P I C K U P S ■ 
825 N o M o m B o e r n e 249 3464 
D IR E C T L I N E 
224 4$IS 
Jo y G a r re tt Sa te s M a n a g e r 
*64 BO NN! V IL L E good lOndd.o^ 
S3UC 341 6594 ■ 

B U IC K 72 Centurion (Sporty Le 
Sabre) 4 door, all options AM FM tape Exc.fieut fond 341 8544 

72 B U IC K E le c t r a , t o w n e r 
L o a d ed, cteon R o d io ls 524*5 344 218* 

1*7# Buick Electra Limited 4 a u n t. good condition Si I5B, 645 4394 ■ 

74 B U I C K T e S a b r t C u s to m l o w m ile a g e . $237$ 222 1342 

7o B U IC K L e S a b r e . e x c e lle n t c o n ­ dition s9$8 M 2 1883 
'71 Buick LeSabre. Must Set! Best 
Ofter 732 6894______________________ 

74 B U I C K R e g a l 
L o a d e d , im m o c y te te 1*426o C a ll 
824-6818 ■ ■ 

7 4 B U IC K R I V I E R A 
L o a d e d , law m i $474o or best Offer 614 22*2 

72 B U IC K S K Y L A R K 
V e r y cle a n . r u n s g o o d 
L a w m ile a g e 
A s k in g 
$194o A tte r 4 p m 
643-171» 

69 B U IC K S k yio ifc I, 'Old S M T * V I, a u t o , p o w er, (a c to ry a ir. U ke n ew 
$16*4 W ill tra d e *2 1 2 6 1 ) 
'71 B u ic k Skylark Excellent con] aition Only 38,ooo mi Must Sell! 
-I 
<-i" 
.'us 

CAO EiD orado Convertible 
JI I 
Perfect $75oo 7)5 7684 341 2811 

 t*73 C a d illa c C o up e, w h Ie leather interior Loaded 333 2667 

74, C a d illa c Coupe D e Ville I 
C lr un B o e rn e , I 249 2488 

AUTOMOBILES D© C aaftir uaxr 
^ r*i 
AUTOMOBILES 
AUTOMOBILES 

74 CADILLAC CPI BEVILLE 
2l,ow mites, warranty, 82# o19/ 

CA V E N D E R ’S 
“ SPECIALS” 

I T X C u t % # V TI Cam ino CIossk Pick-up, fa cto ry o ir, < m x- 
/ O 
L m 
V 
T r t p o w t n w i i M t r * ............................ ‘4995 

75 ToRoNADo S K IP S '. * ’" ’'"“"■5995 

' l l 
A i n e f'td o t* 4 door, facto ry o ir, all p o w e r and 
. . 
. 
. 
. 
/ O U l l / 3 extras. As is s p o c io l........................................... 
A A T J 

75 CHEVY 
>3995 
75 BUICK u J S I . ' C . >4295 

75 MERCURY 
*4795 

75 pontiac te W S 7 Jl,d2Lrr:.rd *4195 
75 FORD IID te te r"to S il"",' ” d ’3795 
74 CHRYSLER S r3 ?^ ^ te .> .T r *2895 
74 CHEVROLET S l ' S t e ' . * ™ >3295 
72 OLDS S f c t e t e t e . a S ' ,:,:.*2795 
76 o m s 
* * ? ? ’ *6995 
-72 MERCURY 
.’2295 
’76 OLDS S t e J’.’T ’:.*""?..’: 
" 
‘5195 

I T I / S i n e Cutlass Suprom e H o lid ay Coupe, facto ry < n n f \ e 
/ I U 
L U j oir, a ll pow er and e x tra s, s h a r p ................. 
* A Z V 5 

12,ooo MILE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 
'74 OR NEWER MODELS. 

‘ ‘CO N FID EN C E IS C A V E N D E R ” 

Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
1oo1 Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

RIATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 

2 2 6 - 7 2 2 1 

12,ooo M I./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, and 7 4 MODELS 
CADILLACS 

‘9885 

ORSINGER’S 
YEAR END INVENTORY 
REDUCTION SALE 
12-12 Mechanical Insurance Coverage Available 

75 CHRYSLER 
’“ " •475o 

75 CHEVROLET HS J A .SL% .T: '4475 
1 -m . n u . wi# limited, 4 door hardtop, brown ond . . . . . 
7 4 B U I C K white, tun p ow er.......................................‘ 4 3 5 o 
1 e . m wa, Regal, blue and white landau, power ond ( M a t e r f 4 BUICK ow, iowmile)........................... 
3 8 / J 

75 FORD LTD S 
C 
' 
* 
IT. ’3825 

Ite r r n n n Bultong ll, white, power ond att, power 
. . . . . 
7 5 r O K D 4t*enng,Y 6 ......................................... 3 5 5 o 

 i v e m l i e u Century, 4 door, blown ond beige, power . M a r a 
7 4 B U I C K ond bit ...............................................‘ 3 2 5 o 

 i e . n . ■ I wi# Century, 7 door, butgundy and white, . . . . . 
7 4 B U I C K power and.ox........................................ ‘ 3 1 o o 

♦ tee m u r k / leSobre, hdoot, blue ond white, lull c a i a a 
/ 4 B U I C K power.................................................. 3 1 o o 
74 buick w $ 
74 CHEVROLET t e t e t e ' ’'''"‘2875 
73 BUICK !t e * " fcrt" " " '" “ ’'"" ,285o 
73 OLDSMOBILE 88 w SHSi’S 
. . . . . 

 low mile*................................................................‘ 2 7 5 o 
I tea a i lire# United, 4-door hardtop, brown ond . a a te r 
7 2 B U I C K white, tun powet 
..................................* 2 4 7 5 

B U I C K C O . 

44 oo SAN PIDRO 
734-4224 

, 7 # SEVILLE 
/ O Beige Brown 
, T . SEVILLE 
7 O Red White........... 
, , , ELDORADO 
7 O Red 
, 7 , EIDORADO 
/ O Terncoto lettKoto 
, 7 , EIDORADO 
7 O Convertible While . 
BROUGHAM 
/ O White Blue 
___ 
, 7 , BRoDGHAM 
/ O Gray Silver......... 
, T . COUPE De YULE 
7 O Green White . 
, 7 , COUPE OeVlllE 
7 o Brown Beige 
COUPE DeVILLE 
/ O Blue Blue 
, 7 , COUPE OeVlllE 
/ o Gteen Green....... t x , CALAIS Coupe 
7 O White.................. 
SLOAN DeVILLE 
/ O Blue White 
....... 
SEDAN DeVILLE 
/ O White Blue......... 
, 7 - ELDORADO 
7 5 Green Green....... 
, 7 . ELDORADO 
7 5 Silver Stiver_____ 
EIDORADO 
7 5 Blue Blue 
......... 
BROUGHAM 
7 5 Blue Blue ........... 

 t m m COUPE DeVILLE 
7 5 White-White . .. . 
, 7 - COUPE DeYIUI 
/ 3 Blown Beige ___ 

 t COUPE DeVILLE 
/ 5 Silver Silver 
. .. . 
SEDAN DeVILLE 
7 5 Gold 
SEDAN DeVILLl 
/ 5 Yellow White 
, 7 - SEDAN DeVILLE 
/ 5 Orange Dtonge 
. 
ELDORADO 

/ A L|u»i 

COUPE DeVIUE 
7 4 Red White 
. 
SEDAN DeVIUE 
7 4 Red White........... 
ELDORADO 
7 4 Sthret.................. 

‘1o19o 
‘995o 
‘9875 
‘1499o 
‘1o15o 
‘1o75o 
‘895o 
‘885o 
‘8995 
‘9975 
*795o 
‘1o4oo 
.‘829o 
.‘875o 
‘865o 
‘899o 
..‘885o 
.‘799o 
. ‘75oo 
‘779o 
‘699o 
‘799o 
‘795o 
‘769o 
‘499o 
‘629o 
‘645o 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY—J 
DIAL 

22 RIATA or 227-4282 

LONE STAR “ SPECIALS” 
7 $ VW Sunroof, err. AM/ ♦to 12,ooo mite. ‘3385 
'74 VW CenverMMe 34.ooo mite. 
*2995 
75 VW Ba. 3 »•*«*•.. ak...... 
‘4395 
71 VW iguarabate......................... 
*995 
'68 VW Cerwgmokile mop tag.................... *155o 
73 KARMANN GHIA fiE5lE t £ * 
»2575 
74 VW sarm 'Z rm V V lzl 
+ : ‘2555 
•68 RAM8UR 
*895 

*3775 

... 
‘2595 
Pax 
‘1995 

, ooo 7675 

76RAt81T^’To,i5o-rp. 
1o.1 
73 TOYOTA c-^;,o‘ 

73 VW Baratte, auteaua 
/)vw a g a lite ' 

AM/FM aw. 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Opon Mon.-Tri. 8 A .M . 
To 6 P M. 
Sat. 8 A .M . to 4 P.M . 
SHOP INDOORS 

71 CAMARO Standard. S speed. V- 
I, AZC, P S, Wk SW S new S3 SM 

74 MONTI CARLO Landau, auto, 
P/S, P/I, tm, i/1. AM IM tiptoe, wk S3WS now ...... 

SAVE 

/6 CAPRIO CIASVC .'dr, N I t i 
V s 7 Ii 
P w f \ 
3M IM 
Stltto Vt .os SOW. w a SSS84 
76 MtniAMG M A f outo tu rodio V I Wk VJ/9S new 
SJW# 
7a u/v. xAR Xii / AC, uuto V ? 
AM IM Steieo wa) SS69S 
N<« ss 186 
Ti LID, ? dr londu , oui# A C 
P S. r I r n AM IM em S4VV6 now 
$4316 
7S GRAND PRU Auto I (, P \ f t F W P S « f bulker too!) 
WK SS SRS now 
S A M I R 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD! 
9 8 o o SA N PED RO 3 4 1 - 5 5 71 tn t. 3 o 3 
• O P EN S U N D A Y S • 
B x z x z m x z 

74 COUGAR XI I Auto, A C. P/S, 
PZI, DI, wa) S429S now 
S M U 

7 1 MONTIGO MX 2 dew. outo. 
P/S, P l, 1/1 wa* SWS 
New.................. 
$2166 

76 CADILLAC Coupe Deville Per feet condition Ail Cadillac extra* 
White over blue It,OOO im 824 J lv<o 
OI ny) 6DJii Otter 5 pm 

7* CADILLAC Coupe O*Ville 
Still in w arranty, all Cadillac 
Equipped ( except sunroof ) Pi- remix! green, tan leather interior 
Like new $695# tall Jim, 441 4411 

 f ‘ O'CLAC ELDORADO CON- 
VERTIE).£ New tires, telly loaded 
Collector 's item Must soli by end of rear USM *4J 24tl 

7t CADILLAC EiDorado Reg gas excellent cond Heavy duty hitch 
Extras $2195 6*5 3272___________ ii C a d illa c EiDorado, loaded, white on white 
$2494 
AAI 3oo4; 
661-6741 

‘TI C AD ILLAC Fleetwood Brough am fc m rational condition, low mileoge 49? ?8v5 
76 CADILLAC SEV ILLE, 76 LIN 
COLN CONTINENTAL Forced to sell! Both extra clean family cars, need the money! Will sell at wholesale book value Cull 4*4 3254 
■ 71 Cadillac Sedan Deville 
Joke over payments, call John blimp, JJS 6948 

75 OLDSMOBILE 
DELTA RO VALLES 
* AU 4 DOORS * 

CHOOM FROM A 
Al LOW PEKE Of 

‘ 2 9 5 o .^ 

WINNS 
STORES INC. 

1235 GCMBIER RD. 
333-4224 

CADI!.LAC Sedan Deville 1973 4 
Door hardtop, white outside red leather interior I Owner Fully equipped low mileage 87? 7862 
.CADILLAC 72 Sedan Deville, 4 dr 
■Low Mileage, excellent condition 
AM FM 6 frat stereo 
827oo 
224 6767, 658 2VIo evos 
'74 Cadillac Seville, One Own#” , 
Low Miles, 853oo Film 4V4 iOtsv____ 
'71 Comoro Extras 214 t i lt 
NO CASH MUTH TRADE 
'7$ CAMARO. loadadTlake over payments no down 222 8*1 1. Mario 
7 J Camara Sport Toe Auto , oir. lust moke payments! 224 49*4 

’73 CAPRI $1888 
LOU PL 4 speed 
LAMISON Mtrs Seguin 223 52o1 l l Challenger Sport 224 **46 
■ NO CASH WITH TRADE ■ 
C H A L L E N G E R . 283 RT, 197o 
Special Edition ( 1*94 344 Jig# 
72 Charger Special Edition 
NO CASH WITH I KADE 224**$* it c'.hevolte Muiibu, 4 dr V I auto air power steering brake-, white wuii-i goop t ond SI lap 645 o146 
'64 Cbevetle .Malibu I dour Ca 
Automatic, Very Clean Body gin* Needs Work $325 Firm 

JJ6as!_Hij|!h> 

Quod cond. I o w n e r 
74o7 

 c 
AUTONOMIES 
D 
O 
C 
AUTOMOBtlES 

C O m m T I W tA T N m REPORT -i- C A L t e » v * » i « o 
IL Today’s Best Offers 

. f P 
* i t j ~ 
5 
/ p 
*** jA ii? . 
. IBBB-7? .. «. 

'7 3 FIAT 1 28 
4 
>995 

'7 1 TO YOTA S T "o D*,““ ' 
2 
>995 

7 3 TO Y O TA 
‘ 1 5 9 5 
’ 7 4 TO YO TA S?ror,a sedan 1 dr" 4 ipeed' 
* l 795 

’ 7 4 V W DASHER 
*2 5 9 5 ty rn T O V A T I Corolla Deluxe, station wagon, 
/ 4 TO YO TA air conditioned, automatic 
2 1 9 5 

7 4 CHEYENNE BLAZER power, automatic, » « ygkm airconditioned . . 
4 7 9 5 
7 5 G M C 3/ a TO N air conditioned . . oulom aik.,4 j 9 j 

’ 7 2 CHEVROLET PICKUP standard. v8 . *1 5 9 5 
’7 4 LUV PICKUP transmission. . . ............................*1 5 9 5 

’ 7 4 M ONTE CARLO air, conditioned power *3 6 9 5 
’77 D r u m A/7 Catalina hardtop, coupe, power . . . . . 
’ J r U N 11 A v. automatic, air conditioned 
1 9 9 5 
’ 7 4 COMET oir conditioned . 
, 2 door , la n d ed , ^ 

’7 6 M A LIB U automatic, air conditioned *” " * ’ 3 9 9 5 
’7 5 CAPRICE matic, air conditioned 
°"'o *3 9 9 5 

’ 7 4 M A LIB U dard, oir conditioned 
>'on' > 2495 
7 5 M O N TE CARLO motic, oir conditioned. . . *3 9 9 5 
’ 7 2 K in s /A coupe, hatchback, power, $OOQC 
/ «# IY U Y h automatic, air conditioned 
. . 
/.L r J 
’ 7 2 M O N TE CARLO air conditioned . . power *2 1 9 5 
’ 7 o D I u n / Century luxux hardtop, coupe air t n n n r 
7 J BUICK conditioned, stereo t a p e 
...............*2 9 9 5 
171 IA A D A I A 
^top’ 
4-door, power, 
- L A Im r ALA automatic, air conditioned 
2 2 9 5 
7 4 M A LIB U air conditioned . . . . 
* 2 2 9 5 

'7 5 MERCURY air conditioned. .sedan, power, ,3 6 9 5 

1114 Ai I M I a Coupe, air conditioned power, t m r o e 
A O N U V A automatic....................................................... 
3 6 9 5 

7 5 MERCURY S f S S S ’ S C S W 
: air conditioned. 2o,ooo miles. 
4 7 9 5 
’ “TO A A A I/c a m / 6 cy|inder 4 door sedan, air 
7 3 m A V L K K K conditioned, automatic. 
. 
*1 6 9 5 
’ 7 5 G R AN TO R IN O wer, air conditioned . po *3 1 9 5 
1 2.ooo 
M IU 
OB 
I J 
MONTH 
“ MOTORS 
INSURANCE 
C O R P." 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE COVERAGE AVAILABLE O N M A N Y OE OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS. 

 c 
AUTOMOBILES 
D 
© 

S5 FORD MUSTANG- 
2-o o o r ..................................................SEES 
H E M P H IL L MCCO M BS 
FO R D W E S TS ID E 
47o7 W. C o m m e rce 433 U64___ 
•71 FO R D TO R IN O A ir, tu tiv load ed G ood c o n d itio n 628 1478 d a y s . 
654 71 IS nights 
FO R D TO R IN O W agon, ed, hest o fte r 344 7368. 
‘ 73 FO R D T o rin o S ta tio n W a g o n , new tire s , a ir, ra d io , h e a te r, ru n s good 927-4561 
__________ 
74 FO R D V AN 6 c v l., clean, low m l 
M ust sell! $2495 532 o877 
7 $ G R A N A D A 6 CVU stand 
A M , a ir. p o w e r s te e rin g , J new tire s 
828-3475; 824-7493_______ 

7 5 G R A N A D A 4 - D R 
Take o ver p aym en ts, no e q u ity , co ll 
John Slim p. 349-6948 
•75 G R A N D P R IX L J . loaded. $53oo 
Ask for Sonny, w o rk 224 4241. nltes o tte r 5 a ni o55 39/3 
72 G ra n d v ille . 2 door h a rd to p . o il 
Dower, A M P M Tape, Reasonable 
822-o186. 
____ 

72 G R A N P R IX . E x c e lle n t cond low m ilea g e, S229S. 494-266) 
’73 G R A N P R IX SJ.’ Loaded $2475 
222 1342. 

( ANNOUNCEMENTS ) ( 

C SKOAL ROHUS 
C SOCIAL NOTICES )(T T o ) ( 
SffClAt W TKU^(u$, 

Today’s Lucky 
License winner 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I I 9 7 7 

Vn , 

'76 G R A N P R IX SJ 
S ilv e r b lu e , p o w e r w in d o w s , A M F M s te re o ta p e d e c k . A s k in g S5Soo o r b e s t o fte r. A fte r 6 : 69o <=•oo6 
72 G RAN P R IX SJ 
Loaded V e ry 
C le a n 1 $1695 655 5o94 

G R A N T O R IN O '75. O rig o w n e r, m ust sell. Cleanest In tow n, d is tr**-- sole s a c rific e 626 /88o. 

12oo BLOCK BRO ADW AY • 2 2 3 -4 2 8 3 

GEORGE HUGHES MOTORS 

Is proud to announce the op- pointmen) of Gory Lessing as our || 
Soles Manager. Gary was formerly || 
Assistant Vice President of Con­ sumer Banking at First National 
Bonk for 9 years and also in the same position at Main Bonk and 
Trust for 3 yeors. He invites his friends and new customers to c u ll! or come by and soy hello. 
George Hughes M otors 
6 2 2 6 San Pedro 
3 4 4 -o 1 3 8 

76 C H E V E T T fc , l i k e NEW Auto. lr o n s m is s io n , a ir . tin te d g la s s , ra d ia ls 
Cost 
$42oo. sell 
$28oo 
494 2482 

'76 Chevrolet Caprice 
CLASSIC L A N D A U 13/ooo m i load ed 734 4281. 494 6o83_______________ 
C H E V R O L E T IM P A L A 
/I. 4 acor. a ir ra d io 341 o179 
73 C H E V R O L E T IM P A L A 4 D oor. low m ile a g e 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
O w ner m u st s e lh 532 8691 
7 5 C H E V R O L E T IM P A L A 4 door 
L o a d e d , lo w m ile a g e 
E x c e lle n t condition $345o 532 8691 
________ 
C H E V Y 
67 B el A n 
4 d r ra d io , 
8 tra c k , fo d ia ls 
Good cond 
$65o. 
656 2o/4 
C H E V Y 6/ B e lla ire G ood tire s , lite b on er y /3S I8So 
_____________ 
69 C H E V Y C a price , ra d io a ir 
3»6 
VS. a u to G ood cond 
$1o9$ R a y , 
F lo re s v ille (1)393 6/2o_____________ 
5/ C h e v y , 4 d o o r, ra d io , h e a te r, good tire s. $8oo 673 58*6__________ 
72 C H E V Y i m p a l a R u nn in g con dition, needs som e re p a irs 
$5oo 
816 3457 
66 C H E V Y IM P A L A . 4 d oo r, auto., re b u ilt eng 
E x tra cle an 
SS9J. 
675 2389 

7 6 CHEVY IMPALA 
4 Door h a rd to p , like n e w ' 
. $4695 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
F O R D W E S TS ID E 
4 /o / W C o m m e rce 
433 1464 
Chevy 63 Im p a la 4 d oo r, good p a in t a nd tire s oood ru n n in g c o n d itio n 
SUS /1? o956 
75 C H E V Y M o llb u Classic 
Clean, loaded $33oo 653-o466 
76 Cl ra d io 
M a lib u A u gun. 
I S3? 7454 

7 6 Clievy Monte Carlo 
Coupe s h a rp ’ 
54895 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
FO R D W E S TS ID E 
47o/ W C o m m e rce 433 1464 

7 5 CHEVY MONZA 
A uto . V 8, s h o ro c o r' 
$2895 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
TO R O W E S TS ID E 
^ * S £ o 7 W C o m m e in ^ ^ J 1464 

T A K E U P 
P A Y M E N T S 
»9"i TOYOTA CwroNa, standard, 
, ' Ait, 
4«.tM 
'2 2 1 o 

7 4 VW.tNlHer*. 
Hr,UMM . . . . ‘ 1987 

7 3 PINTO, Station wcgon Stan dord. 

' (73 

7 3 

7 2 

7 3 

7 2 

7 4 

•75 

7 3 

Dodfi* Polar a 
4 doOftoedcd 

Cutlass 
Supttmo............. 

BUICK lo Sad tv 4 door. AM IM 

(HARGIS, automotn 
•if 
........... 

MUSTANG H. eutafnatK, oir . . . . 
GRANO PRU. OH 

*178o 

‘236o 

‘ 1987 

‘2582 

‘2157 

‘2 1 2 o 

‘2788 

‘4752 

MAVttKK, I Vow dander* 4 

 iS T 
‘228o 
C A L L DE L A R O S A 
1 4 I .O d l l 
98oo SAN PEDRO 
OPEN SUNDAY 

 w W n — 
» n O 
« — 
U t e 1 

'72 CUTLASS SUPREME 
C O N V E R T IB L E , a u to m a tic , a ir p o w e r s te e rin g , b ro k e s 
B u c k s seats, co n so le im m a c u la te conch hon 341 9433, 34972/3 
74 C U T LA S S S uprem e 
VB. a uto pow e r, fa c to ry a ir 
A M F M stereo tape, lik e new 
W ill tra d e 
$399$ 
923 7881 

7 7 C U T L A S S S U P R E M E l. c e lle n t co nd itio n 
C lean 
O nly 41.ooo rn! 
69S 31S? 

75 DO DG E C olt W agon A uto . o ir, I ow ner 
L ik e new 52795 W ilt tro d e 
923-2883 

43 CM t_ V V S T A T IO N W A G O N , 
. CIX* Mas good tire s 6S3 3632 
• 72 C hevy Soper loaded, clean 
7o V olksw agen S go o ri hack .......... 
. e l C hevy Im p a la h a rd to p 
JO M e rc u ry B ro ug ha m , loaded, lik e 

. 
C E N T E R A U TO S ALE S 
1 * 
2937 R oosevelt 974 5)59 lo C H E V Y S lice r S port V 8, auto., pow er fa c to ry a ir, oood m e ch a n ica l cond $595 W ill tro d e 923 2883 

’75 CHEVY W AC O M PASS. 
Pow er, a ir, lik e new ! 
...............$2995 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
FO R D W E S TS ID E 
47o? W C o m m e rce 433 '464 

77 Cheyenne Soper looded 
7o V o lk tw o e e n S quareback ........... 
68 O nevy Im p a la h a rd to p 
•7o M e rc u ry B ro u g h a m , looded. like now ............................................................ 
C E N T E R A U TO S ALE S 
2937 R oosevelt 974 $159 
73 C H R Y S L E R $18oo 
C A L L 
734 22>6 
76 C H R Y S L E R C O RDO BA 
M u s t s e ll. 14.ooo m ile s 
N e w c a r w a rra n ty $5.ooo 65$ 4983__________ 
*75 C H H Y S L E R C o rd o v a 
F u lly 
.e q u ip p e d . I o w n e r 
V e ry lo w m l 
L ike new S4495 W ilt tro d e 923 2883 
69 C H R Y S L E R Im p e r ia l 4 d o o r, g o o d t r a n s p o r t a t io n 
$395, 
T O M in o n u n g q y o ilo b lt 224 4419 

D O D G E 1968 C o ro n e t a ir . p o w e r s te e rin g b ro k e s , 4 d r., e x t. tire s , 
1o3o C ibolo T ra it. U n iv e rs a l C ity 
Dodge C ustom C oronel 19/4. 4 door a ir, a u to m a tic , ro d io . Dower steer m g ond b ra ke s. 99 OOO m ile s, o r iced to sell 519oo 
512 923 4353 G ira rd 
M a c h in e ry A Suably 3428 R oosevelt 
A ve . Son A ntonio____________ 
67 DODG E D A R T 6 c y lin d e r, condition $525. 649 1818 good 

69 DO DGE D A R T 
S H A R P ! to t) 34 ) 3933 
71 D O DG E D e m o n J d o o r, 45,ooo m iles. 318 V 8 a n , std . v in y l top ew cond 649 2*o6 a tte r 6P M 
71 DO DG E P o k jro W agon 9 pas; v * o n 5155o C oll 333 «9l6_______ 
64 O O DGE P otaro, good c o nd itio n 
55oo firm 349 4o89 
7o D O D G E S uper Bee 
E x c e lle n t cond . 53,ooo rn*. M ags, new tire s 
4*75 o r best o*1ei 432 64o3 
7o D O DG E W AG O N P o w e r stee r ng, auto o tr SHOO 655 5741 
74 D u ste r 2 O r 224 6954 
M A X E P A Y M E N T S I A X E T R A D E 
E C O N O M Y H I l l H O R N E T S PO R TA B O U T 
SI SVS 
____________633 o716 
7o E L D O R A D O C o d ii'rn 
P e rfe c t 
C ondition, $12,5oo 34) 74o7 
E LD O R A D O C O N V E R T IB L E 
W hite w ith w n ite le ath er 
G oing uo 
In vo lue $73oo ond r u in g O w n er, 
342 1842 on y tim e ___________________ 

7 4 Chrysler Newport 
4 door. V I , a uto o ir, p ow e r 
$31*5 
JA M IS O N M in Seguin 773 57o1M 
7$ ( H B Y SL t « S tation Wagon ny equipped 696 o6?6 
73 C H R Y S L E R Town ond C o un try 
Wagon 3 Seats, o il p o w e r, $299$ Bv 
Owner 344 $457 
_________ 

Cleon 1976 Used C a rs At 
B U D G E T R E N T A CAR 349 444) i l l k t Loop 41o at A irp o rt B lxd 
73 M o /d o k a ffir 
A uto 
1 OOO im $165o 658 o438 
F M tape 
324 75/6 
T i COME I 3o7 s ta n d a rd 18.ooo m i 
To s e ttle e s ta te 
(d e c e a s e d ) 
I ow ner 924 14)2 eves, w eekends 
74 C O N T IN E N T A L 
4 d o o r, m u s t se ll' COH 
222 1342 _____________ ss COR V A IR R e b u ilt engine $42$ 
Col) 
223 6631 
COR VE TTC CONV 
64 M ust see to a pp re cia te * $395o 65* o67o 
>2 C O U G A R 
A ir, p o w e r, a u to m a t it $ 1*oo 68) 2o8) o tte r 6 
7 * C O U G A R f u lly 'lo a d e d 
IS OOO m iles, C oll 
659 14o? 
659 14o2 
'n <? S u g a r " 
L O A D E D C oll 341 3933 
69 COUG AR looks bad, ru n s g re a t 
$495 641 3o94, 66) 4741__________ 

67 CO UG AR P ow er a ir, new tire * b a tte ry 
A M E M G oo d c o n d itio n 
$75o 658 3229 
___________________ 
73 COUGAR X R 7 
C L E A N $2395 661 5*9* 

7 3 CUTLASS COUP! 
Looded a m E M stereo ra d io, (le o n 
C le a m d o r* b ro w n v in y l to o t $2**9 
H E M P H IL L MCCO M BS 
PO PO S O U TH S ID E 
19oIS W M ilita ry 922 631/ t i C U T LA S S 
P u n s p e rfe c t, best cite I 34 1 7697 
T i C U T l a s s S o lo n m a m i lo u te d b lk , blow 
Book 
$47o9 
7)5 42Vo 
ZI C utlass S 2 D r 224 4956 
M A K E P A Y M E N T S T A K E TR A D E 
73 C U TLA S S S up re m e A ir, a uto 
A M to p e 
2 d r , n e w tiro s . $299$ 
342 1973 o r 696 821$ 

 ig c r 
Beaut ify ! os* 9239 

D O D G E C H A R G E R JOO 
FTT? 
4 speed s h arp $1o95 494 531) 

’73 G R A N T O R IN O 
Take o v rr paym en ts, no e au ty, c a ll 
John S lim e 349 6948 

72 G R E M L IN . 6 CVI , e x c e lle n t ru n ning cond $95o 653-1o19 

’75 G R EM LIN X 
Take o ver p aym en ts, no e q u ity , c q ll 
John SHmp, 349-6948 

Hertz Is Selling Quality 
Used C o ry F ro m O ur R ental F le e t 
(1975 U S E D ) 
U T I SOUTH T E R M IN A L 
F o r in fo rm a tio n C olt: 826 9665 
H O R N E T 73 W aaon 6 cyl , stan d . pow e r, ra d io . a ir. Looks and ru n s 
OOOd1 52ooo 684-3766. 

'73 IMPALA CUSTOM 
C O U P E . V -8, auto o ir, p ow er 36,ooo m iles ................................................. 52395 
JA M IS O N M trs . Seguin 223 52o1 
72 IM P A L A , 4-d o o r, a ir , p o w e r, auto , v e ry clean $1695 492 9217 

7 2 ITO, 2-oooR 
Auto . a ir, lig h t blue w ife d a rk blue root. V e ry low m ilea g e L ik e new ! 
..................................................... $2389 
H E M P H IL L M C COMBS 
FO R D S O U THSID E 
19o1 S.W M ilita ry 922 6317 
69 M A L IB U C o u p e , n ic e s t a n y w here 51o95 661-3oo4; 661 4741 
68 M a lib u . 2-dr., 224 6956 
FIN A N C E T R A D E o r CASH 

'74 MALIBU. $23oo. 
Nice, 4-dr , lo ad e d! 436 2433 
67 M A L IB U . P ow er, a ir, re s to re d 
$1o95 o r hest o fte r 828-4718 
71 M A L IB U VS, sta n d a rd , a ir M e ­ c h a n ic a lly s o u n d , e x tr a c le a n 
824 5678 leave nam e and n u m b e r 

Loaded, 
349 1643. 

'73 M A R K IV m ust s e ll! 
$459$. 

75 M a rk IV. Loaded, 53oo m iles. Bv on w er Coll 684 o383 
74 M A R K IV Loaded, ra d ia ls , S619S o r best o tte r 878 4718.______________ 
73 M Afeic iv . Loa de d , ^5.OOO m i . e xcellen t $5875 658 3856 
74 M A R X IV 
L o a d e d , in c iu d i 
$6695 
433 4627 moon root 
433 1881. 
73 M A R K IV W hite w ith b u rg u n d y le a th e r in te r io r . E v e ry o a tio n ex c e n t s u n r o o f. I o w n e r 
S5Soo 
826 2331. u tte r 6 P rn , I 625 8161 
72 M A R K iv , whi»e on w h ile Lour)- eel, e xcellen t M u st sell 681-o199 
7o M A V E R IC K . $8oo C ull a lte r pm , 65) o724 

’75 MAVERICK 4 DOOR 
A uto . a ir, looded. 6 c y l., lig h t gre en w ith d a rk g reen ro o f E x tra c le a n ! 
...................................................... $2889 
H E M P H IL L M CCOMBS 
FO R D S O U THSID E 
19o1 S W. M ilita ry 922 6317 
7S M a v e ric k 2-dr. 6 stand., low m i e x tra d e a n . $246o 533 337o 
74 M A V E R IC K 
E x c e lle n t c o n d ., loaded $2695. 341-1244 o tte r 5. 
72 M E R C U R Y C ougar, W hite blue 
Loa de d , a ir s h o c k s , m a g w h e e ls 
68,ooo m i. $16oo 
55oo S 
N e w 
B ra un fels, 533-13oo 
M E R C U R Y M a rq u is 
72 9 p ass , looded R adials, CB, $199S. 656 2o74 
72 M E R C U R Y M a rq u is B ro u g h a m 
4 d r h a r d to p , d a r k b lu e , s te e l ra d ials, low m i., e x tro clean. $1895. 
(O R ) A 72 FO RO , VS, 4-dr 
C ustom 
5oo. A uto . a ir, p ow e r, clean, good cond S114S M ust sell o n e 1 6*4 84o3 
73 M E R C U R Y M A R Q U IS C o lo ny 
P ark Station W agon All the e x tra s 
5 B ra nd new tire s 1 $3195. 494 366o 
75 M E R C U R Y M o n a rch G hio Fui ly equipped. I o w ne r, v e ry low m i 
L ike new 54265 W ilt tro de 923 2883 
71 M E R C U R Y 
I ow ner. 2 d r M on- fe rn y 
26,ooo m l., e xcellen t shape 
732 5865 
67 ‘A t RC DRV Station Wagon 
E x- 
O w n e r. c e d e n t C lean. N ew tire s 
$695 349 7295 
75 M 6 N A R C H 
A m > ? 6 s te r e o , ch ea p 1 C oll M o n o 
222 *611 
7o M O N T E C A R L O 
L ik e n e w ' 
$17oo or w ill tra d e to r big W agon. 
927.4o98. 
M O N IE c a r l o 
74 m a n , . . t i . lo w m ile s , e x tr a d e a n , $ 1 /o o 
828 2747 Of 656 o23 I 
____ 
72 M O N T E 
C A R L O , la k e up paym ents, co ll 924 5626 
66 M U s f ANG p la ye r, e m stand 
A ir, 8 tr a c k to p e 
651-167$ a tte r 6 3o 

' 67 M u s T A N c r r r s s 'ic ---------- 
6 c y l , auto , a ir 
$1295 
732 >216; 
222 9476. 
7) M U S TA N G CO NVER T IS L E 
L ike n ew ' VB, a u ld , p ow er sle et mg, b r a k e s . A M S M . m a g w h e e ls , gauges M ust s e ll' 684 189s 
67 M U STA N G D eluxe 289 VS A uto , fa c to ry a ir. o il p ow er im m a c u la te ' 
$ 189$ 341 2933 

'74 MUSTANG 2-door 
H a rd to p to k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , i equity John S um p, 349 6V48 

’74 MUSTANG ll 
C O U P E , 
6 c y lin d e r, auto, a ir, pow er 
................................................$299$ 
JA M ISO N M trs sequ,n 223 SJO I 
74 M u i r A N G ll G H IA 
V 6, m u s t s e ll' M ake o tte r 456 8*81, 654 o445 
6i ta liiV A N G I ow ner Clean, good cond $695 22$ 5 2 36 
34 4 o9 7 9 
6* 
M U S T A N G 
V * s ta n d a r d 
I ow ne r, $975 494 2323 
BAUS I S E L L ' 
72 PON 1 1 AC G ra n 
V ille F u ll p ow e r, good cond C all 
PPO fro m 6 o rn to I p in 
434 9)27 
76 N O V A 
4 d o o r, a uto . i$M F id, 
$3895 734 322)1 733 *167. 
75 N O V A SS 
3 speed S tic k a ir p o w e r, 2o,ooo m i. I m m a c u la t e 1 
$285o 712 3461 eves 

E L E C T R IC SUN ROOF iv ,’ 6 C h ry s le r B ro u g h a m 
B lo c k J r co up e, m a ro o n le o th e r in te r. 
•or Low m ilea g e, a ll lu x u ry optio ns 
IO 
824 3233, 
*26 651o 
P riv a te 

B 
7) F IR E B IR D E S P R IT 
P ick up paym ents- cu ll *2 * 5626 
73 F IR E B IR D v e ry nice c a r $375o. 
252o B ro ad w a y 226 o2*1 
74 t O R D C a uf lr 
W u g o n 
A u 
>tee> m g b ro k e s . 
>6 1 67*«l Mon F it o ir , ra d ! 

7) F O R D C o u n try S q u ire W agon 
L u g ra c k , 4oo co ' eng . A M F M s te re o , p o w e r ta c k s 
N e w s te e l ra d ia ls , tr a ile r taw p k g in c lu d in g h itch 4*4 $84 )_____________________ _ 
I ts f o r o sac Custom 
$24«o 
•75 M E R C U R Y M ontego 
$1*7* 
74 FO R D T o rin o 
. 
$155o 
TH ESE CARS A R E lO A O E O ! 
TH E Y RU N ond LOOK G O O D ! 
68o3 S F LO R E S 
71 FO R D A b r a ir ................... $1o95 
7o TO R IN O 2 d r 
$695. 
7o A M B AS S AD O R 6, s ta n d a rd $695 
66 M U S TA N G VO ..................... $695 
68 R E B E L 4. outo 
. .. 
$595 
69 C H E V Y , needs body w o rk 
$395 
64 F A LC O N 4 d r ....................... $295 
S M IT H 'S U s e d C a r t 
7o5 S A L A M O 
_________ 226 9144 
FO R D E lite , I ow ner 
I d riv e r, w ell kept and m a in ta in e d L a s t re g gas m odel Loaded I $33oo 826 31*$ 
64 FO R D F a n lane 2*9 V *. 4 door 
532 1736 eves 
72 FO R D G alax s. SOU 
2 d oo r, TV t u a ir p a w e r s te e rin g b ra k e r tra ile r h itc h New lira s R uns sand goon body 
$145o 
2515 
A m ity 

'73 FORD ITO 
6 Door 
$2495 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
F O R D W E S TS ID E 
47o7 W C om m erce 433 1461 t o i l F o rd i TD 2 d o o r e x c e lle n t condition *23oo 4V4 1o29 
•T* FO R D L T D T o g g r. v in y l sooty 
Loaded P lus M y G A IN ll CB 5365o, g s li only 6*o >>29 
74 FO R D L T D , IO pass w agon, re a l meg 12195 344 )7?9 
71 FO R D L T D 
V 8. a u la , p ow er fa c to ry a ir , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
51495 W ill tra d e *2 ) 2883 

D e a d lin e : 5 p.m . M o rt., Ja n . 3 , I 9 7 7 

— 
(C la im s n o t h o n o r e d o n w e e k e n d s ) 

B e c a u s e o f N e w Y e a r ’ s E v e 

N o C la im s w i l l b e h o n o r e d F r i d a y 

 y o u c a n w in $ 5 o c a s h ! 

F o u n d m o le I I I t o lo ii'd c o lin ’ , iii 
V olli-v H i 623 19?,’ 

Pick up bumper stickers at the Express-News lobby, Avenue I and Third St. or at any 
Son Antonio lone Star - Circle K - U-Tote-M - Mr. M store. 

O U N G o ne Im h u n d , 
B o n d e r o8J 6227 u tt 6 

■ n 
A 

- W 

TE X A S 
O V E * 2 4 9 

. 
- ......................................a 

I 
YI 

 f r 

 lucky license Rules and How to Claim Prize: 

I . Stick Lucky License bu m per sticker on re a l bu m per o f veh icle os close to license p la te as possible. Be sure b u m p e r is clean os b u m p e r sticker w ill not a d here to d irty surface. 
2. W a tch the Express and N e w s cla ssifie d pages fo r p ictu re o f w in n in g lic­ ense plates w hich w ill be p u b lish e d e ve ry d a y . 
3. W in n e r m ust claim p rize b y d e a d lin e sta te d in the ad 

 i . Bring S tate a u to m o b ile re g istra tio n slip to Lucky License E ditor a t the 
Express-N ew s. C laim s w ill no t be h o n o re d on S a tu rd a y o r S unday. 
5 . Em ployees o f the E xpress-N ew s or d is trib u to rs on d th e ir fa m ilie s are not elig ib le , lf such o license is in a d v e rte n tly pu blished , it w ill no t be h o nore d 
6 . O n ly vehicles w ith E xpress-N ew s re ar bu m per sticker a tta c h e d w ill be e lig ib le fo r ph o to w inne r. 
7 
W inners w ill be a w a rd e d $ 5 o cash if the p rize is cla im e d b e fo re the stated de adline , lf it is n o t, the p rize is fo rfe ite d . 
N o purchase is necessary. Bum per stickers a re a v a ila b le fre e a t the 
Express N ew s Lo b b y, Lone S tar, C ircle K or U Tote M or M r. m 

 stores C opies o f the Express and N e w s are a v a ila b le fo r in sp e ctio n a t the fro n t cou n te r fro m 8 :3 o a.m . to 5 .3 o p m M o n d a y F rid a y o r a t p u b lic lib ra n e s d u rin g o p en hours. 

8 

7 2 Olds Cutlass Supreme 
2 D oor h o td to p S horo c o r! 
$1495 
H E M P H IL L M C COMBS 
FO R D W ESTSID E 
4IQI W C o m m u te 433 146* 
75 C u b ', (“ U T I /.KS »j> g , , i w hite sw ivel h u tk e tv A M f M lo g e ra d io, v m vl too 23.ooo m i. Steal 
$385o. o6 l 4261 w ee*cloys til 5 to 
47 OL B s O k itu *8, g o o d m o to r, tire s l i t $39$ 732 3*24____________ 
74 b i b s D e lta 8* R oyale. * door 
L ow m ile a g e , b e lo w b oo k v a lu e 
224 o92o ask to r A io n, Son M o re a *, 
<1)392 9418 f r o t h s 8*. 4 "d oo *r~ 7 4 6oo n il 
333-78*o * 4 p m 
73 OL B s 9* 
N ic e c a r o il p o w e r, 
<rur*e S I/ >o 
252o B R O A D W A Y 336-o7*1 
64 b l O s Reb jil t engine sion New bro kes, shock r a r Our t u t o r , water pump lir e 
Buns ike new *5oo 657 l 6?V 
74 Pinto 3 Door Runabout 

Iro n sm is 
, m o ttle r 

■$215o Son Root. 
AM FM. Stereo I 
E x c e lle n t C ondition 

V in* r roc*, 
656 6666 

7 5 PINTO RUNABOUT 
2 D oor , 
, 
$1695 
H E M P H IL L MCCO M BS 
FO RO W E S TS ID E 
47o7 W C om m erce 413 1464 
74 P IN T O k U n"a BO U T 
A uto a ir $199 5 349 16 7 4 
72 P lk fV o R u n a b o u t, bv o w n e r 
S ta n d a rd 
32,8oo m i, N e w t ir o * 
$125o 5)3-1$2) o fte r 3 p m f s h l k j f i W og'in lo - r n ’, e x tro (lo a n $225o 5)3 337o 
---------------IS frlN T Q W AG O N ---------- 
A uto m a tic Shot p l ceti 34) 3933 

’75 P IN T O Wagon 
T a k e o v e r p aym en ts, no e q u ity . ( 
John Sum p, 349 eV4i xx p l y m o u t h 4.1 v e d a ,. 
Looded Call 341 ) 9 j) 

7 PLYMOUTH DUSTER 
L ik e new. fu ll w a rra n ty 
»ze»5 
H E M P H IL L MCCO M BS 
FORO W E S TS ID E 
47o7 w C om m erce 41) 1464 

’>6 P l y m o u t h F u ry . v * a u to power la c to ry a rr, $49$ W ill tra d e 
*23-2o41. 
’T m T W d u Y B r 7j 7 , ; -;: pow er 
E x c e lle n t ic m d ’tion 
$1o99 
6$S 2761) pT 7 m o u t h 
7 T T T : loaded w itn e x tra s 
Otter 
732 54*2 
$1895 < 
TTT b es! 

7o PLYMOUTH SATIUITE 
I O M I. h ardto p S harp c a r* 
$1o95 
H E M P H IL L MCCO M BS 
FO R D W E S TS ID E 
4787 W C om m e rce 433 14*4 

‘ 
D 
O 
U 
B 
L 
E 
B 
O 
N 
D 
S 
A 
D 
S 
* 
(MERCHANDISE ADS ONLY) 
SAVE YO U 6 o % 
WRITE YOUR OWN AD 
A New Low Rote for private party Merchandise Advertising called "Double Bonus Ads ' will deliver results at Texas-Sized Savings of 6o% . These afb are exposed to 293,ooo potential buyers Daily in the Son Antonio Want Ad Supermarket (33,o oo more than the Light). 
The Double Bonus Special is designed to provide a reduced rate tor individuals who wish ta sell things they no longer need. The special rate of 2 lines, 6 days S3 makes it profitable to advertise low cost items such as baby furniture or used appliances. 
The only requirements are; 
I. Only private individuals are eligible for this 6o% money saving rate 
2 
The ad most bo placed for six cloys, lf the item is sold before the six days aru up, you may cornel further running days of the ad but the full rate will be charged. (In other words, no refund or rote od|ustment for unused days and no copy substitutions), 

2 L I N E S • 6 D A Y S • * 3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 
SAVE AN ADDITIONAL TO% BY 
MAILING PAYMENT WITH YOUR AD 

» in p t[T I T T T T J J n ± J l L m 
I I I I D J J X n 
X E E E D 

2 C l l U . L l T T T l L I X 
! I I I l . E E E I U X l . m a 

3 n 
- r r 
T r i T r i i i i 
1 1 1 
1 1 1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
] i r 1 1 f r n 

4 H 
L 
L n j i n i u r n . . ] 1 1 1 i m l i x l i x i : □ 
5 1 : 1 11 . n 
. J i - i 1 1 L I I . , 1 1 1 1 1 r n 
. 11 T r i 
L i r a 

Figure the cost of your od from these low rotes. Deduct 1o% for 
2 lin o s payment with your order. These rates are for private party wont ads 
3 lin o s ond apply to six consecutive day insertions 2 lines minimum Ap 
4 lin o s proximately 31 spaces per line 
5 lin e s 

Please dreck your ad the first day it appeals N O ADJUSTMENTS 6 lin e s 
FOR ERROR CAN BE MADE At TER THE HRST RUNNING DAY 
7 lin o s 

$ 3 . o o 
4 . 5 o 

6 . o o 
7 . 5 o 
9 . o o 
1 o . 5 o 

NA M I 
____ 

ADDRESS______ 

CITY__________ 

START DATE 

PHONE NO 

STATE 
ZIP 

P a g e 3 F 

U C B i M O TK ts""*^ {W Q C 
U C M W W W 
C 
UG At WQTToT D 
® 

Notice of sole of On Hand Refused Freight in accordance with Section 4(a), (b) and (e) of the 
Bill of lading Contract location: Alamo Express, Inc , 51 Esse* St , San Antonio, Trxas 
Sealed bids will be accepted and merchandise can be seen January O 1976. between the hours of 1.3o p.m. and 3 o o p.m. only. All bids must be post moi Led no toter thou midnight, January 8, 
19 77. f ollow ing w ill be; sub|c*«. I to bid 
IO T » 
DESCRIPTION 
C O N S IG N ! F d e s t in a t io n 

I 4 o 4 4 
I pkg a it work 
3 / cottons displays 
Bay Tri?i» Vacation Club 
Corpus Christi, Tx 
1 4 o 4 / 
M I Bi tdges 
C olpus Christi, Tx, 
Rockport Tx 
1 4 o o 2 
4 coHons tonk (liters 
O deco Caspery W endcill 
14o o 4 
2 carton? Popi-r Disp 
W ni. D avid Creek 
C olpus Christi, T« 
14o 45 
3 boxes com odi' 
M uirys M obile Homes 
Bob Chapman 
Corpus C hristi, I c 
14oo1 
I pc, ports 
Corpus Christi. Tx. 
1 4 o o o 
I corton m erchandise 
N Y. life Ins. Co 
Corpus Christi, I x. 
1 4 2 9 4 
I chn. Doper qoods 
I chn hood & tender 
Have? Tampa W holesale 
Corpus Christi, I . 
14o o 5 tim C orvette Sales 
Corpus C hristi, Tx. 
1 4o 4 6 
I piece gloss 
C olpus C hristi Museum 
Corpus C hristi, I x. 
1 4o o6 
I drum chemical 
Unknown 
Unknown 
1 4 o o / 
I drum cleaning com pound 
Lamb O il & Gas Ca 
Poi flood. I * 
I 4 o o 8 
2 cartons footw ear 
Pat M agee Surf Shop 
Port Aransas, Tx. 
I 4 I 8 I 
2 tabli* basos 
Bonanza Fern 
M. Allen, T « 
1 41 86 
I caiton machine p a ils 
Telltales Lozano 
Mi Allen, I . 
14 18o 
3 boxes books la s Specialty Seiv. 
M cA llen, I» 
141 93 
9 ctn odv displays 
VV R M orley 
Son Juan, T» 
1 4 1 7 9 
I u t m otorcycle 
Rene R G onzales 
Mr Allen. T x, 
14 1 /4 
I tin drosses 
Chancellor Enteiptises 
Edinburg, I x 
14 1 /5 
I panel covet 
G era do Cava,-os 
M l A llen, tx 
I 4 I 76 
2 cartons unknown 
G onzalez Castro 
Rio G rande C ity, T 
14185 
5 bundles knives bde Products t c In ibsen c|, I x. 
1 4 1 8 / 
I ctn deodorant 
V iking M agic Co 
M n Rataeia G de C hopa 
Air Alien, Tx 
1 4 1 /3 
I ctn rptn geia tor 
Rio C la u d e C ity, I 
1 41 7 2 
6 ctn fittings 
Brown & Root 
Sun Juan, I x 
I 4 I 94 
I ctn chain links 
(esse M olten / 
Roma, Tx 
141 9 5 
I ctn W ood Cold Sty Doors 
BJI le x Const Co 
Rio G rande C ity, T 
14 192 
I tin Racks 
M angels Store 
Mc A llen. lx 
141 6 9 
4 ctn lo b O il 
M artinez Co. 
H idalgo, I» 
1 4 1 9 / 
2 ctn punted matter 
Betz De M e s ita 
M cAllen, I* 
1 4 1 /o 
2 ctn an conipiessois 
Edinburg Hdwe 
Edinburg, I? 
1 4 1 9 6 
2 c In games or tov s 
C a id K Q u ill 
M i AIU ii, I ? 
141 8 ? 
I ctn Steel Fan G ate 
Eh 
1 
C o lter & Seals 
Mc Allen, I x 
1 4 1 7 / 
I clr? Vegetable O il 
HEB fo o d Stoles 
Mission, T x 
1 41 92 
I Hex Glass Door 
Luis Pena Inset v 
H idalgo, T» 
1 4 3 2 o 
4 ctn cattan cloth oi synthetic sheeting 
Bernals Turn Shop 
Laredo. Tx 

o8 LOST AND FOUND 
(JUNO 
Block Minatorp Poodle ed collar Front of Steak ond AL­ 
OW? IIG (42 341/ 

 male Dai 
W o o d lo t 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES J 
$ 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

LOST 
Blat k Labrador, blue eves. 
Paul Anderson utile p Supply 
Broadway 
Answers in Theta 
19 I 6/6? or 226 I '61 RF WARD' 
USI. 8oo blk C low er 
S iam ese ► 
-n, bos s y m p to m s ut d is te m p e 
R e w on) A tte i I pm Mo ZIV, 
OST 
O don West A pt 
M in ia tu re w hite fe m a le poodle. IS His w h ite o d o r w ith i ed how a n s w e rs lo 
M issy R L W A R D ! 836 o/91_________ 
«.V 
Thick 
W ith th e 
OST 
L ig h t I an I ? 
L a tc h T v p e B r ie ti 
Nam e J T 
B ar hie! On i rich Side ost on New B ra u n fe ls A vo N ear 
A la m o H e ig h ts j r 
H ig h S cho o l 
B rie fc a s e C o n iu m s P a p e rs of Na 
V alue B ot lo Owner 
SSO RF W ARD 
F o r R e tu r n ot B r ie f c a s e A n d 
‘ apers Can 
828 69o1 
IO? Oak leat 
L ost, m a le w h ite Cot, m a n g o Iu d . w ith i.p ilo t 
Duouf 
826 o785 

 ost M in ia tu re w h it, m o le Potwin in n itv at South I lot es and M issio n 
Rd on t 
H o lt a n sw e rs to B utty 
R ew ord 923 827o 
LOST 
On Dec 1oth d u n ’ bund J u 9o41 d ia m o n d wed 

OST 
O n 
M c A rth u r Pc 
C hun C all 
?! 

L o o p 
H O W 
N e a t k 
C o tto n w ith GouJ 
4 55.16.651 61 v t 
LO S T 
R f. W A R D v e r , 7 m o old f 
W h ite C lr i Ie A b o s 
684 o1o9 or 684 4595 
LOST 
S ib e ria n H u s k y H lo i k 
W h ite W ith B lo c k M a r k in g 
C o llu t eden E cho A re a P L W 
Bus 652 4985 H om e 651 9149 

POlYGRAPtJIHG & INVESTIGATION 
Top account*. 
W ill tend? new rec Nets SJO.OOO yr S IS OOO 
On, 
TARIS, RI (OROS. JlW flRY kodak Boater, nice tix m -e v g ra n 
S U O OOO narc *1 5 OOO *3 o OOO 

ORY (H ANING A LAUNDRY 
Shirt unH to p ttqutp w* p ifp e rty . 
N et* $25,ooo yr., $15,ooo 

TASI TOOD OPERATION 
Alco to go O wner 19 y e . Alwoyx bucy. Note *1 4 OOO yr., *11,OOO ■ 
PIM M RESTAURANT NORTHEAST w ith m i x d r i n k lounge, yro«$)>tQ 
$ 4o ,oo o mo. th o * h r* , good 
Ioom*, i« o H $'23o, $6 % OOO d*% 

TINE MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Seats AO Oood lease, to t* of food to go, Nets $ 1ooo mo. $ 71oo. 

CLEAN DAIRY KRUM 
U ie lle n t pork mg 
UmkH o f rq p t , m o n eym o M r. $ 8!>oo lo rn !* 

I IHI SY MIXfO DRINK CHIH 
W ith food N I Best tU H ires. N its ov«m $ 3,5oo nso $3o OOO do 

BUSY NORTHSIDf RI ST MIRANT 
M ixed drink? 
Score 
I JO. 
( n o n 
*1 6 o o oo 
Narc 
*4 o .o o o yr. 
*2 5 .o o o dn 

 lARGt BUSY WASHATTRIA d ace In boce Ornccinf, *1 5 .o o o A u ric *1 5 OOO yr *9 5 o o dn 

BUSY POOT HAU 
M iaad drinks. 
Natx 
*JOOO mix- 
*1 5.ooo dn. No com parition. 

MODERN CIEANINO PIAN! 
W ith I t o p pick t»p % ta tto o * 
Ciofpf 
( f t rut! $T7OO mo. $ 1 o ,o o o div 

SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUBS 
N I, r««*l money m aliers, tl« « « til** tu ft s , ijo o d parking, lo o s e s , formic* 

BUSY CONVENIENCE STORE 
N u tt $HOO mo- lo p 
Qoo1* p rkg , 
$$,ooo 

7 3 5 - 9 4 5 8 
2 o o 3 N . M o i n 

C 

( L l 
C v. 

. tvc 

7 3 5 - 8 6 1 I 

BIDS I M W O * ,AIS" J 
© 

IWW 
RD 

LO S T 
S II R R A N O R I H 
S iam ese C at A n s w e rs To 
651 7916 
LO ST 
S m a ll W h ite P ee k ii 
Nam e T w igg y V ic in ity ICO Blk fo rd R f W A R D 
342 o6o1 
LOST 
Suer ti u P ie I m id M i ll r la 
Case, On C o m m e rce S tree t Dei 
29. 
W ill P e r s o n W h o P ic k e d l l U p 
Please C all 649 iv ,I 
N o rth s id e P et D e te c tiv e A g e n c y 
We fin d lost Pets 344 6o13, 714 851 1 
SIO R E W A R D F o r in f o r m a t io n lead in g to the re tu rn ut a L a rg e a ll 
Block Dog, wdh m is s in g low er io n me tooth L ust Dei 
?6th on H w y IHI, 
5 m iles south ut t nun 4’ y h, - 

CLASS. 

-------------MAIL COUPON TO --------------------- 
EXPRESS-NEWS DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
Ave. E at Third S t./P .O . Box 2171 
------------------ 
San 
Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 9 7 
------ 

 o r c a l l 
. 
. 
. 
2 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 t o d a y 
BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! 
$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 

HO SPECIAL NOTICES 

A U D IT O R (U M 
A ir r c in d itio n e d t o r w e d d in g re c e p tio n *, dunces, etc 
H o w un 
4SO p e o p le 
G re a te r S A 
B u ild 
Assoc 8925 N VV IM IO 696 IHI)!) 
A D uper D is c o u n t D e r o n ly 
SJO sauna tre e w ith 1 > p ric e m assaq 
421* B la nco 7)2 3361 

C A T F I S H D I N N E R S 
B eg in ning D er lis t we w ill be open and s e rv in g o ur d e lic io u s F R E S H 
W A TE R C A T F IS H D IN N I RS M on 
Tues , W ed , F r l , o n d Sat. fro m p m to 9 p m , Open Sun t i noon bt p m 
(C lo se d T h o r* ,) P A X P A R K 
A N D FIS H F A R M lo c o le d on O ld 
P leasanton Rd , 3 m ile s South of F M 
IS I* 

S c a le d tin t p r o p o s a ls w ill be re ce ive d bv the B ool it of T rustees iii th e N o r m E a s t In d e p e n d e n t 
S cho o l D i s t i l l ! to r th e fo llo w in g ite m s ut the tun e s show n 
S IF R L O SO U N D 
IN k O R fF M F IIT M I X F RS 
3,.ICI p rn I W ednesday 
J a n u a ry 12, 1977 

B id tor m s m a y be p ic k e d up p i tor to b id opening in the a ttic e at IIH’ P i re ctor OI P u n hosing. N 
I 
I S P , 
1o)33 
B to tid w u v , 
San 
A ntonio, 
I I* KUS 

 c 
LEGAL NoTIQS D O D 

C h e ry l's S pecial i p ric e M assage 
734 4233___________ _________________ 
•C H R IS I (AAS L E T T I RS* 
•W E D D IN G IN V IT AT IO N S * 
J iffy P re ss In s ta n t P rin tin g 
A fu ll s e rv ic e p rin t shop n ea r you 
16o6 M cC ullou gh 
SJH San P e d ro 
17o1 SW M ilita r y D r 
42o9 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd 
226 I 
R h ap sody a t San P ed i o 
D E C JA N SP L C l A L 
O O LHB L f 
T R O U S L i 
FA M O U S S K IN N Y D IP 
MASS A G I 
FST U R I 
O UT ( A l l 
B Y A P P O IN T M E N T 
A M A Z O N 
P tA V G IR I S A N O PL A Y B O Y S 
1oooo M f ( U U O UG H 
149 698U 

FOR RENT 

EDUCATION SERVICE 
CENTER, REGION 2o 
NOTICI o> PUBLIC HEAPING 

 tis# Oktchtf. AdmhihtrwW*# 
¥**♦*., tftoftt- ti«* t*fit*r. R#»«**« l f *41 a firkin 
It*•»»«$¥ Mii»«*t!f ti, 191?. at 
4 oo PM til th* C «db I* IMM. kl—rn. I dm a* «s«f! 
Wt»*«• («49*o9, KaftMF IO. IIM NI lunp 
OJO, Ian kiitw e Ui«t *e t ii shlti Ha *?.*b wt*sten *f im* *»ppi»* pf tow m4*i fk« E«mh 
WiiotM Aid Art, litht 
«f ika I Auto 
Ii*.ll bf 1972, »* MMMNMfiti by tilt fdu<«sttbn A m m tw rti af I t l l (2o U S I 
16o11619) 

 f$Ytff*»t*4 iBUrtfttPr* m i inn rn* mvtmi To Im m i wit Im ft* ■ 
♦n on o|>pottooxty to off ti 
BILL R. LAFFERTY 
Director, A d m in is tra n t* Services 

•U M N U S 
OPPOfTUNITTfS 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY in S B r a d s t r e e l s n , . 
I i 
■ ra te d l i i u n d r v a n d 
I) 
C ie a nin q Ste dustries w ith ll h gu re s ' 
H A IC K 
W A S H la u n d ry a nd d r y i for sole 
WE H A V E ch o li ii 

 st tw ( m ust lade 

 very pi to b u ild now 
BANK R A U ; F IN ANC *74 
F or jn fn rm u tto n i a il I 

F o rd C o m m e rc ia l soles In t 
The W o rld x I u rg e s ! 
Speed Q ueen D is tr Ib u toi 

WANT TO OWN YOUR OWN 
SMAII BUSINESS? 

Id e a lly lo* Hied ic 

6 /5 285o 

H o u r ly Or d 1 
P a rty ro o m tre a u tifu l N o rth 5 
L o c a tio n , g re a t fo r m u s ic , c li p a rtie s , w e dd in g re c e p tio n s , tm mgs of on kin d s C all 344 4s.’9 N 
N o rth S tar and C e n tra l P ork /Au 

FO U R COY 1 o N BO W L T K F I IS , 
U P P L R 
D E C K , 
$1o 
C A LI 
684 I 1/8 
H E L P P o lic e re c o v e r y o u r stolen p ro p e rty I B 'S , T v S. to o ls , ct- e n g ra v e d at yo ur hom e, $1o c a ll 
927 7627 

HUNG 

OVER le t our Beoutu you Rest a while.- ■ • • i • ter F a s t 
P A R IS K U R * 
Open Sundays 
I y H N T 
S A L O N 
I on#o »ou 

B i r f 

AUTOMOBILES 

>e a n d T ra n y m 

P ontiac 
' h 'l- 

P b k fT iA il fa to im u 'k l T d i h o rn top att pow er. V e ry cle an ! P riy q te 
$57$. 412 62)o 
“ ^ T T o n T FAC T aT ^ u n J:--------- 
« d oo r, I ow ner 
Im m e c u iu t*! New ra d ia l tire s, $89$ 349-OJ97 
F o H T O ,r n « e W o " 4 --------- 
E S P R IT ! ISO V -8. a u lo m g tic . toe t o r y a ir , p o w e r s te e rin g p o w e r b ro k e s , ra d io , h e a te r, v in y l lo p . ra lly e w h e e ls , e tc . P e rfe c t c o n d ’ hon 
M ust se ll) 
$2«5Q. 
349 48o5 a n y tim e 

■ T r w n r r u * b ra n W t-g /; " w o * o ~ good cond 5)4o9 4*4 49)o x l P 6 H 1 1AI 6 t 6 • T 7 p‘eVc(7Ti~ ' m gcukete, co ll *24-1624 
• i t P d W V iA c L e M a n s , L o o d e 3 T 
A M F M c a s s ttle in d a s h . ti2 9 8 . 
S r«« 
8)2 9*27 or 4SS $144 
T s "Y‘-( ^ 7 iT 7 T " ~ " - 
-------- 
Kl it ti 
IO rn I, At p O *€ f 
$4J 

 tm rn w ith tjia c f top 
19 ’ 
F M po, mng% 
»?? eta i 

N ew V t o u t." p ew e i fa c to ry o ir, lik e n ew 
$ * 9 i 
WHI tra d e t i l 28*i f ) > O N T I AC’V lk f X r I a SUON lin m o tu lo l* ' L ’)u4«d $J49S )4« s7»? 
■*2 . A n i ’i f s . r e " " ; ! ' T z i T " bow er s tee ring br ex es New • u dia tar p arte ’ y. t u t s USU H i )U4v 
'74 p '5 '* } f iA / 'VenTgVo’ h a t T n b n T im m a c u la te s24*S Y ip d r J4| 2o*3 
I s 
F o n t Ta c v e n T u r I 
H a tchb ack im m a c u la te , $239$ tro de 142 29*3 

 c 
XUtOMOlKll 2 ) ( r n ) 

R A M B L E R 

71 P O A O iU N N ffR W ide tu e s i i ) eng , s .d e p ip n * on m e flo or, M a l lo ry Holley 244 S42o_______________ 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 

AVAILABLE 

 b a n k r a t e f i n a n c i n g 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

92o BROADWAY 

227 5o41 

A U T O M O Itm 

M A S S A G E 
G ra d u a te P h y s u u l 
Th e ra p is t For Ap p l Cult 4/4 I ex I 
M A S S A G E T M fT fA P V t r e a l l' p hy s ic a l and enrobe 
V aletw uelo, 7»4 o 4 lt 

CITY OT SAN ANTONIO 

NUIICC Of PUBLIC H i AKING 

 lite ( ii, foo n iil of th* City of San An 

 toiuo will i oi'tim I u (robin fieoiuiq 

 luesday Januoiy 4. 19/7, at ' OO F M 

111 tilt- biniou tironi of the Convxnlttril 

Ct titer to consider the Hwd Year (ani 

•nullity bevelopntenl 
Gluck bi out 

Gudyct 

Inteiesled cdtrens we tnvtted Ie be 

 present inn! will be yivtn on op 

 podundy to ipeok 

G . V . J A C K S O N , J r. 

C i t y C le r k 

!ro1 B9SINISS OPPo8TUM1IIFS 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS 
SlQrf I hi* Now Y o u i r ioHM Off! the f ir f d lf v l IV // w o tor yo u/ b o ftfrre d tro m e a t 1 9 /f P f!<«% ' 11 
C o w # w f o ur o W ffjt ti VB ttk&c h o mr. % ut TMfc B O D Y S H O P P I 
/OOI 

Vk 
PRICE 

SALE 

O nly) No w o lfin g , I? tte a u td u i to s i r «t yo u 
Ti) JO to I OI 
P A R IS k u B B I n n bons 49, 

T O Y K O H O USE m a s s a g e 
C O U N I W I f H THIS A D 71? ) 

S H O P 
F u r 
>4818 
4 o F o r Rent or Le 
I i i * Copple 
Rd 
CONT RAC T O M i n I D 

WORMS rn grower neptfwd taj\ tu n rm s v Con k l < f IC 
W 

Ea CEILENT BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITY 

Arthur E. BIARD 
FOR S ALE B Y O W N E R 

GREAT BUSINESS 
FOR YOU YO O W N It A il h ru n rt new 

?S$$V$ Colt new to r b u rn e t d e ta ils 
675 215o 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E ACTO RS SW O FF ICF 
WE B U Y 
B usinesses a nd in v e n to r 'es 
_J K A H N A ASSOC J47 4877 

WOOD OPERATIOiV 
6oo Cor ds 
C or de ll 
W ill sui) IOT 

WORMS 

W O R M ( N T E R P R IS E S 

 bo4 MO-YTY TO LEKO 

EQUITABtE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We spar ig iir i’ in Ihi- p u rr huse at 
• C hrittet ar R eal E s la te Notes 
• k m o n ’ (a l I “ Osino x F u c to rm q A i < u h u h M 
11vubli; 
IN O U IR F A 1 226 O U I 
H IK NR? 
B ifid 
S im A u liin m 

H IG H L A N D p a r k " S t A l l B AN K 
Tlie bunk w ith m o te lim e tot your 
M ijh iu n d u t H u c k b e n y 542 J i l l 
N I E D C A S H /* 
B u r H A V E NO ORE D I Y » '» 
C ull U n io n F in o w te 77) 4871 
SMA~LL HONO R l o a n s ' 
JUST P R O M IS i TO PAV 
AAA CRF D IT 
.............. 
72J 424* 
S ta rtin g , e xp a n d in g , in tu n g ib n - ac ro u n ts re c e lv u b iv ca sh a v o iitib le lu r these rin d o th e r m o n e y needs c a ll 47 4 *857 now 

 bos ilWANCIAl iNVmMtNIS 

18% TAX F R E E R E T U R N un a ny a m o u n t in v e s te d tn a h o u s in g iii- yi’k m m e tii pi a te d 
Va b u y d iv id e r s q u a r te r ly 
C u ll 
M r R iugn n o m I i Vi’ M , j/ e 99*4 

 bl? Illft I RUCTIONS 

■7t T a nn o SOO s p o rt Root 
M A KE P A Y M E N T S 
7J« 49S4 
" t o r 6 n a o o t f / l 
T O RO NA OO 
T kce iie n T t o n d il’ on 
M UST S E L L ) OS) *716, 4S3 $934 

•f\ TO Y O TA loaded 
Can M I 3*33 

T o k * aver p a ym e n ts on 71 iu h a t s 
S up re m e No ta u tly . C all 924-9918 awa I I- 923-77*7 
Y a k * a ver p a ym e n ts on 74 N O v i 
C a ll 824 o*11 a s k to r n i t nr 
/ T T T 

 n o e a u iiy 
F re d aWei_________________ 
T o k * o v « r p a y m e n ts on r th ir d No e qu ity C all 124 9*11 ask to r F re d a tte r 7 *22 77$7 
H 

7 4 PONTIAC WAGON 
L ik e n * - ! 
......................... 
*17*$ 
H C M P H IL L MCCO M BS 
FO R D W EST SIDE 
4797 W C om m erce 433-1*44 

M alibu Hafted *24 $414 n ’fb iv y 

58 T I 
BD OMC tic liUOO 14? o4o lek, c' igi"U* 
1 

T 
BU TO t i scull out 
1 
342 o)24 
OCH 

7 4 T BI RD 

Alifhis 
■4V eve* 

>4 t B rd Yellow Ut 
Intel lor. 
OII now * f options IFicioc mg seats 
OI?o w ndOW 
C li* 'O f M a ir , t ilt s i. erie g . cru is e contro* 
A M F M stereo ope, new tail 
16 OGO mr 
I rn fftCJi a la te e om ji 'Ort. O rig in a l o w net 
6 SJ l*/U 

TRANS AM, 1V75 
M in t C ond lu o d ril $ 34*5 494 , 
T T T B T n T T m — r 
— — 
- tor 
*519o 
Sui rd 
- • 
- v ? 
V A L IA N T 
45 
E x tr a c le a m * S * i 
71444)3 ask tor John 
• / T " 
*6 
"Ti r t i leon I i I SS 141 boo* 

 t i V E G A N o tc tib a c k 
A uto . a ir . p e rta c t co nd itio n M I 74o7 
’i i V I g A 4-speed, a ir. H atchback 
*79$ 
SI V O L V O . 4 speed 4 d oe r 
Solid lf un*, v ta tio n *4 /5 9599 f i t d n tk s b u rg Rd , 4*4 M I* ___________ 
72 V I G * ita iio n Wugon A uto a ir. n x u n U t i H M N ) 
VW 
T T W T i r h a u le d e n ’ n I M SlfiiO 441 2o4* 
W fT O Y T F T T 
U S E D C A R * A N O T R U C K * 
K IN N E Y M OTORS 
29 B R O A D W A Y 
828 

•ny s u h to o l 
L ik e n ew c o n d itio n 
M ust sell 684 IEV* 

1o6 PERSONALS 

A R F Y U !) S iN G l E ' O ' ra rn ie iT y 
M o n ie d 1 B etw e e n th * Ages or I* a n d 8o7 M e e t v u u r id e a - M o i* 
T h ro u g h S U B U R B A N b iN G lf c 
D A T in g S t R V ie i f o r D e ta ils 
Coll. 654 1 271 Or W rite . 843! M u lith e 
Way Son A ntonio le x u s IHI iv 
Datws O o te ro i M e e t loc a l singles 
Ii D o te iifi# Iou I i-e oQOi 431 J IH 
H r R H E L P W ith o n u n w e d p re y n a n c y , c o il E d n a G iu d n e v H o m e . 
FI W orth, TH I 8oo 7*2-11(44 

 c LODG! NQTfCii ?© Oeani^ Owens Co 

AUc’ iifiu n a il m a m h e i i S cot tis ti Hi ta M om tm i ship C om 

 m iffe d Pkttjtm p io n ta b u n g 

 y o u r p ro s p e c t to the m e m ­ 

 b e rs h ip d in n e r o t the S cot­ tish kite Temple on W ed 

 n e sd o y, January 5 a t 6 3o 

R e servatio n s sbauld bo call o d rn to tho a ttic e n o t Nj le i than M onday. January 3 

Totophone 2 2 3 o 1 3 3 

H A LLM A R K 
ABRO- UCH ^ 

BfCOMI A LICINS1D 
AVIATION t ic h n ic ia n 

* $ppio»»d for Veteran? 
* Ar>rartiter] MATTS Iflstltyhgii 
* I AA Aaoio r.it 

# Q: a (< a It 

IM A*1 1 

 a t e CLAS* 
Its # 

V is it Oft CAFI 
HALLMARK AIRO Y I CM 
H IO * * lk Se., Vtmsen f»*M 
Sen Antonio texas 71214 
U 2 4 - B 5 M 

 w 
/ 

12o-BIOS I PROPOSALS 

M i 
NMT $ * w i li‘- dt in t fcn»4»♦$•*»- 

 t*m* •* hmm t MIMIC A lk 
RAHR OE/O k $ A r# e t <8» Irn* ^ f i i it / / 
( AH N iD GOOD* 6 $1 A H * S 
; fnMnnkif.. Iwtmwt TI, I®// 
H t O f l* H it COOfftO M I A f 
I M p m tmrnmy, im m * i ll* W H f A O U N H IH IO O # rn < 
IwsAfry Nwmsf ll I® // n o n * a m t a a li i 
/ M p m kMHMMf M I® // 
M tm m * 
W v-?fck4 pp #«*rn tm poi 
•fntA if rn «h» dthi* if tim Iktmhm* vt 
Pwnkmmg* A146A* lA iil Cf•«•«>#y %m 

INCOME Living Quart ens 

.o 5 BR AW N F R RF A LT Y 
S E G U IN . T E X 
K in g s b u ry 
P O 
Baa 1122 

IN TE R E S TE D . 

L A u n o r o m a i t g i 
$28,9o6 G i our I uc a tig 

[C a ll L y n n * o r j* m s s . 74 

o * « v e o r O w n Be 

 ii 
•A f y 

IN R O IL N O W 
U A $ m $9 A fM n n h i 
* feta**#* A*#** 
* 
o*4#*if 
* NA*6*it**»> A * kl 
* iwh A m i 
* Aumptm* md tm 
I i 
VtfSFgft 
» I hgtfoUt tiff 

J o b k lu c o m o n t A s s is f« n c e 
* o r I n fo r m a t io n t o ll 
S .W . S ch o o l o f 
M o d ic o l A » * (* ta n t* 

1 2 4 - 2 2 9 6 
I I S B r o a d w a y 

AMewx tex#! 

D A Y A N IT E CL A * * E 5 

D U K M A M C O L L I O E 

H im P l <•<■>?•. m il B A R T E N D IN G iii bur M A N A G E M E N T a Win id 
•de in i.i> H IO ” J uh? in d em qn d rn libs and n stout om s tar m en a nd amen 
B R O T H L R H O O D SCHOOL OF 
BARTENDING 

♦ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Spacial Notice—Persona! 
Special Notice—Personal 
Special Notice-Personal 
( iffcui Nonas 3 (n o ) 
( swan Nonas ) (TTo) 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Spacial Notice—Personal 
Spacial Notice Pa regnal 

A HAPPY, HEALTHY and 
PROSPEROUS 

(OUR 5oTH YEAR) 

FRO M ALL O F US 

TO ALL O F Y O U 

REALTORS — 5 o YEARS OF TRUST 

828-99o1 
824-o121 
342-3211 
494-7651 

W ITH BEST WISHES FOR A 

HAPPY N E W YEAR TO ALL 

FROM 

MR. & MRS. LEROY J. TAYLOR 

FROM 

CHAR-RICH KENNELS 

BOARDING FOR CATS & DOGS 

ALL BREED G R O O M IN G 

OBEDIENCE TRAINING 

1o9 EAST NORTH LOOP RD. 
(BETWEEN SAN PEDRO AND WEST AVE. 
4 9 4 - 5 3 3 4 

HAPPY 
N E W YEAR 

\ t i 
I /_ 

1977 y 
"" 
' J "v 

' / 7 7 T r v ' ' 
BORDER 
FENCE CO. 

WITH BEST WISHES FOR A 
HAPPY & PROSPEROUS 
N E W YEAR to 

FROM 
REDMAC 
LEASES 

 to to to to to 

RENT A CAR LEASING 

RENT BY THE DAY, WEEK OR MONTH 

1o25 SAN PEDRO 
222-861 I 

 to to to 
-WHERE TO CALL- 
MAIN OFFICE 
J Independent Garagemen’s Association 
111 Patterson-824-1616 

 to ft 

MARTIN BATTERY CO. 
SPECIALIZING IN ELECTRICAL TUNE-UP 

WITH SUN ELECTRONICS 

WHOLESALE & RETAIL 

2ooo S. FLORES 
225-3o1 I 

One o[ an 
Intonto'A at fading [Pawnbrokers 

o F m 
- u r 

WE LL LOAN YOU THE HIGHEST POSSIBLE AMOUNT 
ORIN 
9 - 6 WtlKOAVS 
9 • 5 SATURDAY 

Mr. & Mrs. Eugenio Bustamante 
Owners 
1334 S. G e n . M cM u llen 
4 3 3 - 3 9 6 6 

ALBERT PICK MOTEL 

ADJACENT TO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 

96 NE LOOP EXPRESSWAY 

3 4 4 - 8 3 3 1 

5 CONVENIENT LOCATIONS 

433-51o1 

W til Stilt lam Ca i n n n i p t 
4 4 J** I J I 

 hoi" ('•*><>.in. 
433-7511 

Volley Ht Pow* Shop JLT ii I I A l 
SOH* tttNfry Or o /H * M U I 

 tabv.ban loan Ca q a a f t - * / I 
W IM itm t. SR 
T A A - W /O I 

BARGAINS IN 
UNREDEEMED MERCHANDISE 

Our 
Nation's 
Oldest 
Fraternal 
Benefit 
Society 

Order of Hermann-Sons 

WITHING All OU* HUNDT A CUTTOMIIT 
A HARPY A PSOTmOUT HIW f IASI 
FROM 
MR & MRS. EUBER GARZA & FAMILY 
FROM 
GARZA S BATTERY & AUTO ELECTRIC mwttlHG • <o*m TI o* I IOU All THOUING 
(KHANG! RfBUIlD IIPAW 
HOA QUINTANA ATW TOUTHCIOTT 
9 2 7 -2 2 2 2 

 to to to to 

 to 

HAPPY NEW YEAR FROM 
LA PANIFICADoRA 
RIST. Y PAN ADER IA 
From 
MR. I MRS PEDRO CRISTAN and Family 
2311 W. Martin 
2 2 3-7124 

 to to 
9 to to 
& 

WISHING ALL OUR 
CUSTOMERS AND 
FRIENDS 
A HAPPY NEW YEAR 

Evelyn’s Bridals & Fashions 

32o7 Broadway 
824-2463 

W ISHING YOU AND YOURS 
A Prosperous New Year 
Special Thanks to All our 
Friends and Customers 
CHARLIE & SONS PLUMBING 
Supplies, Inc. 
731 N. Gen. McMullin 
433-4o52 

HAPPY NEW YEAR 
To All Our Friends and Customers 
J.C. HERNANDEZ 
QUALITY CABINETS 
216 REHMAN 
2 2 7 -1 8 3 5 

OUR BEST WISHES FOR A HAPPY I 
PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR TO AU 
OUR FRIENDS A CUSTOMERS 
FROM 

WALTER KELLER CO. INC. 
BATTERIES AUTO PARTS 
SALES SERVICE REPAIR 
1211 PII AS AHT OH 
924-4361 

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL 
FROM 
GLEN L JOHNSON 
AIR CONDITIONING CO. 
SAILS INSTALLATION SERVICE 
24 HOUR SERVICE ON AU MAKES 
97o3 M c C u llo u g h 
341 -1 4 6 7 

CONFEDERACY 
BEER GARDEN 
AND 
RESTAURANT 
2oo3 M c C u llo u g h 
7 3 2 -o 4 5 6 
Open 7 a.m. to 2 a.m. 

Apartments 
Unlimited 
LET US FINO YOURS - 24 HR 
TOWNHOUSE APART MENT LOCATORS 
828-o641 
FREE - No Charge to you. 
Th* ProUutonoh in opt locating 

% p p y % t o p J i 

St 

PtOflSSlONAl 

AUTOMOTIVE 

SERVICE 
IGA/ASA 

Indep end en t G a ra g e m e n ’s Association A u to ­ m o tive Service Association; in short; IG A / 
ASA 
This Association sign id en tifies a tru e d crafts­ m an and a responsible citizen o f his co rh triu­ n ity. He is a le a d e r in his industry. He cares ab ou t his custom ers. He sells one thing — q u ality au to m o tive service. His is recognized fo r his skill and his honesty. He is a p ro fes­ sional. 

 to to to to 

8 

 to 

8 

" f a r 
^ 
™ 
” 

 a u r n a n n 

A u t o 
Repair Inc. 

C J u a iitij in ako moi'de. cf^&jzaixincj 

7 3 5 8o81 
2131 CINCINNATI 
7 3 5 3321 ban ANTONIO, TEXAS 78228 

BIG V CENTER 
1 
Specializing in Volkswag­ ens,.Datsuns, fir Toyotas 
New and Used parts 
Jerry & L.D . Owners 
723 HAZEL 226-9644, 226-7889 

HAMILTON AUTOMOTIVE 
“ Specializing in Foreign 
Car Repair” 
715 E. Aviation, 
Universal Qty, Texas 
DUB HAMILTON 
JOE WHEATLEY 
6 5 8 -o 7 1 2 

ALAMO HEIGHTS GARAGE 
Enjoy the Christmas Season 
111 PATTERSON 
826 4431 
JOHN T. PUNDT, Owner 

DEAN COLEY AUTO SERVICE, INC. 
I 83o JACKSON-KELLER 
344-4671 

OW NER, DEAN COLEY 

DATE’S TEXACO 
7474 W. MILITARY—AT MARBACH RO. 
673-6141 

OWNER, FRED DAYE 

NORTHSIDE AUTO PARTS 
Complete Mothine Shop Service 
W L Whitis 
Charley Harpole 
59o6 San Pedro Ave. 
734-5374 

DALE’S PA IN T & BO D Y SHO P 
1912 BROADWAY 
225-2863 

OWNER, JIM BEASLEY 

FOOTHILLS SERVICE CENTER 
81o2 CALLAGHAN RD. 
341 -o826 

JOHN TAYLOR 

TIEKEN AUTO SERVICE 

119 SOUTH W W. WHITE RD. 
333-o271 

LINDSEY’S CAR CRAFT 

8o5 N. ALAMO 
226-3551 

CHARLIE THRASH 

AUTOMOTIVE ANO MACHINE SHOP 
4834 WEST AVE. 
342-2o83 

RADIATOR SERVICE COMPANY, INC. 

321 WEST JONES 
223-4992 

ALEX HUMPHREY, MGR. 

JOE A RICHARD M ALIN’S CAR CENTER 

2131 N. PAN AM 
222-9o13 

JOE MAUN 

NORTH LOOP AMCO 
2339 LOOP 41o NW 
341-3341 

OW NER, SID HURLEY 

MILTON’S AUTO SERVICE 
1o41 I PERRiM-BEITEL RD. 
655-51 I I 
MILTON L. FOERSTER 

PETE’S BODY SHOP 

51o1 S. PRESA 
534-1671 

O W L RADIATOR WORKS 
921 E. HOUSTON 
227-3431 

J W SAMT LE 

JERRY’S AUTO SERVICE 
3835 PLEASANTON RD. 
922-o731 
OWNER - JERRY STAGLIK 

NORTON HARGIS GARAGE 
2o3 Eighth St. 
222-141 1 

NORTON HARGIS 

BLANCO AXLE A BRAKE SERVICE 
2522 BLANCO RD. 
732-2785 

OWNER, DUKE DELA WAN, JR. 

POPP BODY SHOP 

1423 E. HOUSTON ST. 
227 8925 

CHAMBERS AUTOMOTIVE 
1o21 Bandera Rd. 
433-6911 

Julian Menchaca 

E.J. WEAKS A SONS 
Wheel Alignment and Brake Service 
4o3o S.W. Military Dr. 
924-o671 

SPARROW BROS. 

Autom otive Broke A Front End Service 
26o2 Fredericksburg Rd. 
735-55o2 

SHORT’S GARAGE 

15131 SAN PEDRO 
494-3964 

Mi 

Si 

 v 
FAST m o n e y 

-- 
ON A N YTH IN G O f W IL IE 

Coll: 
14o1 So. New Braunfels s34-s*o4 

Alco Tool And Mfg. Co. 
Tool & Die Work 
C om plete tool and 

G auge W o rk Facilities 

 and Tool G rinding 

Aero Space Ground Service Equipment and Repoir 

3 6 4 Castroville 
4 3 4 -6 3 7 6 

 y~y J 

IMPERIAL LOAN 
.PAWNBROKER Since 1946 

'Bargains Are Our Business" 
Huuum-un] 
NEW A USED GUNS 
To9 toons on Articles of Votwo—kwy. Soil. Trade 
Phi monde ■ J .wiry. YeaH Lika Our Serous. w m 

IMPERIAL LOAN 

A JEWELRY CO. NO I 
223-1962 
1431 I. Commorse 
(of Hochteorry) 

M A I BUYS ON 
CUAN, OUT OF 
PAWN ITEMS 

IMPERIAL LOAN 

A JEWELRY CO NO 2 
732-SS11 
SI HABIA 
ISPANOl 
3o13 Celebre 

HAPPY NEW YEAR 
START 1977 IN A 
O nly A t... 
T 
NORTH LOOP SUBARU v------ 
4623 FREDERICKSBURG RD. across from Wonderland 
Sales and Service 

 h i —- 
■q 

732-7121 

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL!!! 
FROM 
ALAMO TEK 
INSTALLATION SERVICE-REPAIRS O N ALL MAKES 
W IN D O W UNITS & CENTRAL SYSTEMS 
723 BROOKLYN AVE. 
223-21 51 

GARDENIA 
BEAUTY 
SALON 

HORTENSE DE U FUENTE— Owner 

3355 Roland 333-o131 

BEATRIZ 
HAIR 
FASHIONS 
1714 W Gramercy 
73S-S342 
BEATRIZ SALAS, 
Owner 

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO MY CUSTOMERS 
FROM 
GUS H. HAENSEL 

MECHANICAL CONTRACT 
341-9611 — 3 4 2 -6 5 8 9 

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL 
FROM 
HOLIDAY BRICK 
' FORA TOUCH OF CLASS" 
HOLIDAY ADOBE-USED BRICK M EXICAN BRICK 
1 1 3 4 2 IH 3 5 N 
6 5 3 -o 8 5 o 

WISHING YOU A HAPPY & PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR 
FROM 
COLD TEMP CO. INC. 
AIR C O N D ITIO N IN G HEATING REFRIGERATION 
SALES 4 ALL MAKES SERVICE 
RESIDENTIAL-COMMERCIAL INDUSTRIAL 
8 6 1 2 BROADW AY 
8 2 8 -5 5 2 6 

HIGHLAND 
BEAUTY SALON 
SpKtdiltl in How Culling 
Haw Styling ane Permanents 
291o S. New Braunfels 
S 34-o3S I 
M innie A o h io — Ow n e r 

ANDRE’S 
COIFFURES 

I h o n k I to A il O u t ( u i t o m * r t 

♦or T heir P o tro n o g * rn 1 9 /4 

Yolanda Cantu, Owner 
524 Exeter 
826-5671 

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL OUR CUSTOMERS 
FROM 
PLAZA MOTORS 
TOTAL FINANCING AVAILABLE 
2427 BROADWAY 
2 2 4 -4 4 1 9 

A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO 
ALL OUR FRIENDS AND CUSTOMERS 
A-1 CABINET SHOP 
R .W . Sumons 
O w ners 
J.L. G uzm an 
2 9 o 2 N. Flores 
7 3 4 -7 6 7 8 

HAPPY NEW YEAR 
TO ALL OUR FRIENDS & CUSTOMERS 
Discount Prices To All Customers 

M o d . , ™ , S h o p S 
- " « o p t N 
S U N D A V 9 
6 P „ 
° l » 
" n 
- ' v 
8 l a 8 
MIKE’S AUTO PARTS 
1o2 CASTROVILLE RO. 
4 3 2 -7 8 4 3 

START THE NEW YEAR 
WITH A CAN AM MOTORCYCLE 
BY BOM BARDIER 
W W W W * 
S A L E S -P A R T S -S E R V IC I 
1o7o2 PIRRIN-BIITEI PERRIN CYCLES 
656-4o52 

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ONE AND ALL 
FROM 
DE LA ROSA HOME A AUTO SUPPLY 
7 3 o NOGALITOS 
2 2 6 -o 2 1 8 

BEST WISHES FOR A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL 
FROM 
UNITED RADIO — TV 
■ SfRW NG THE C l efs SINCE I9 6 o ‘ 
INSTALLATIONS ARE OUR SPECIALTY 
3 3 o 8 S. PRESA — 5 3 4 -3 9 4 2 
NEW BRAUNFELS — 6 2 9 -1 4 7 7 
115 RIGSBY 

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL 
FROM 
FOESTER SPECIALTIES 
CB RADIOS 
SALES SERVICE O N ALI MAKES & MODELS 
OWNER & OPERATOR. FRANK ESTRADA 
532-1387 

WE WISH YOU A HAPPY & PROSPEROUS 
N E W Y E A R! 
FROM 
COMFORT HEATING A AIR C O N D IT IO N IN G 
SALES SERVICE INSTALLATION FOR HOME OR BUSINESS 
PUT YOUR HEATING NEEDS IN G O O D HANDS 

13o MEADOW GLEN 
24 HOUR SERVICE 
674-o5o3 

WITH OUR BEST WISHES FOR A HAPPY NEW YEAR 
FROM 
ROBERT’S DISCOUNT AUTO PARTS 
4932 SW MILITARY DR. 
6 7 4 -8 2 5 8 

WITH BEST WISHES & A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL 
FROM 
BUSTER’S TEXAS APPLIANCE SERVICE CO. 
SMALL ELECTRIC APPLIANCE REPAIR SERVICE 
1 o 1 2 S. PRESA 
5 3 3 -5 2 2 2 

Happy New Year 

A 
* 
A 
A 

HAPPY 
NEW 
YEAR 

FROM 

331 5 San Pedro at Hildebrand 

HAPPY NEW YEAP TO A U OUR 
CUSTOMERS & FRIENDS 
C D A u 
HOUSE OF PETS 
COMPLETE LINE OF PET SUPPLIES 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT GROOMING SUPPLIES 
HAMSTERS MICE DOGS-GERBILS-KITTENS RABBITS 
BIRDS OF ALL TYPES-FISH 
2 o o 9 AUSTIN H W Y . 
6 5 3 -4 6 9 3 

GREAT 
A M E R IC A 
REALTORS 

HAPPY NEW YEAR 

LOANS 
2121 GUADALUPE 
VAlul 
226-4347 

\ 

We’re sitting on top of the world this year with our new Baby 

 it 
I 
I 
I 
I 

“ The Professionals" 
69o-98o2 

LAURIL Bf AUTY SALON 
A M assage Studio 
Free Saunas w ith m assage and H arp er M etho d 
LADIfS ONLY 

2 6 1 7 N . M ain 
Lupe V illa 
7 3 6 -o 4 1 1 

Mr. S Mrs. Vonce W. lth*r*dg«, 
Jr. baby BOY; Foul Themas Born 
Dtitm Ur 14, 197b 

Mr and Mrs. Carsrdo >. Gertie, 
Baby GML; Anga la Isabel Nm 
Dsitmber 14,197b 
| 

Mr. S Mrs. John A. Smith, Nby 
BOY; Michael Allen, Beni Decem­ ber 14.197b 

I 

Mr. S Mrs. Demel J. Moreles, 
Baby GIRL; Meirsse Andreono, 
N m December 14, 197b 

Mr. A Mrs. John C. Roberts, Nby 
GIRt; Jennifer Lyn, N m December lb, 197b 

EMPLOYMENT 

H « a 

D 
O 
D 

PRoEESS1oNAI 

ASSISTANT PERSONNEL DIRECTOR 

O u tg o in g individual w ith 
B a ch e lo r's degree in personnel m anagem ent or business. 
A minimum o f 
5 yea rs e x ­ perience in personnel adm in istration or the equivalent in other key adm in istrative capacity. Excellent w orking conditions and fringe benefits. Q u a lifie d a p p lica n ts are encouraged to subm it com plete resum e to: 
EXPRESS/NEWS BOX 5225 
An Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

— 

C technical- D 
® f 
TECHNICAL rm S S S S S ^ m 
■ 

Needed for applications programming in ASCII COBAl on UNIVAC ■ 

HQH pnninmpnt 
Rnrkfirnimd ffotired inrliiHet work inn 
™ 

I 

HOO series equipment. Background desired includes working 

 knowledge of Exec.-8, ECL, OMS, and communications. Also 

 helpful is a functional knowledge of IBM/RCA/UNIVAC 9ooo 

 ossemblier language. This is an opportunity for an individual to 

 grow with a new shop located in S.A. Send resume, references, 

 and salary requirements to: 

STRAUS-FRANK CO . 
P.O. BO X 6oo 
San Antonio, TX 78292 
^ 
ATTN: Personnel Departm ent E-12 

SIC* ET ARI AI 

EXPERIENCED 
SECRETARY 

Must be expert typist and 

{conscriptionist, able .to use 

 initiative, and maintain 

 records. 
Neat appearance. 

Monday Friday, 8:3o AM to 

4:3o PM. Send resume to: 

SAN ANTONIO 

CHILDREN S CENTER 

2939 West Woodlawn 

C 
SAUS 
SAUS 

* 6 7 2 

Per month + Monthly and Annual bonus orrongement for 

 successfully managing ladies specialty shop. Additional com­ 

 pany benefits, including profit sharing and hospitalization 

 plan. Applicants must hove 2-3 years experience ot store 

 management level. And Large locj| following. (Others need 

 not apply). Positions Open In San Antonio and other key 

Texas Cities. 

Send complete details 

 to P.O. Box 4863, San Antonio, Tx. 78285 

Has Im m ediate O pening Far: 
PROGRAMMER ANALYST 

Requires m inim um o f 3 y e a rs e x p . S to ck o p ­ tion an d ben efits. S e n d resum e an d s a la ry re ­ quirem ents to: 
M.I.S. DEPARTMENT HEAD 
P.O. BOX BHOOl 
San Antonio, Tx. 7 8284 
O r Call Mrs. A d ler 
7 3 5 -9 3 9 2 , Ext. 3o8 
A n E q u a l O p p o r t u n it y E m p lo y e r 

INSTRUCTIONS 

LEWIS BARBER COLLEGE 
67o8 S. M o re s _______________ 974 388o | 
V e te ra n In q u irie s W elcom e 
Texas Vocational School 
191.) S F lo re s 
223 3233 | 

6o1 
PROFESSIONAL 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ate accepted on the premise that lobs ot- feted will be filed on the basis of merit without discrimination because of sex unless the job is a bonafide ot cupationol qualification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
The Son Antonio Private Employment 
Association has a riyid Code of Ethics to which oil its private employment agency members subscribe tor in formation about private employment agencies, or action on complaints, coll 
2/4 78o2 ot the 
Bettei Business 
Bureau. 

Attention 
REAL ESTATE 
Sales People 
MALE-FEMALE 
* t it you Hied ol wotting tot Ihol big deal to clou? 

* Arn you Hied of credit rojedt! 

* bro you tirad ol prospecting for yourself? 

* Att YOU KADY YO WGA* HAID to MAXI 
IIG SSS' 

We Are a Well Established developer 

 and offer a good value to purchasers. 
—We Poy Top Commissloos—Poll) woetty 
—We (monte all solos—You sot your own earnings Itmitll 
--Opportunity for a career—and big $$ with lorgt development leader 

Call today for confidential interview 

J.W.McCloy, 732-2111 

9a.m.-9 p.m. 

NORTH AMERICAN TOWNS OF 
TEXAS, INC. 

CASH REGISTER TECHNICIAN 

A b ility to inspect, ad ju st, re p a ir, cle a n an d service A n ke r, 
N C R , 
S w e d e a n d S a le stro n ic registers 

S a la ry co m m en surate w ith e x p e rie n ce . 

Exce lle n t co m p a n y b en efits. 

 a p p l y i n p e r s o n 

Em ploym ent O ffice 3rd Floor 
Joske’s Downtown 

 eq u a l o p po rtu n ity em p lo yer 

Small 
Growing research and development firm specializing in electronics instrumentation and 
E W located in Austin, Texas is in need ol a 
SR. ENGINEER with radar experience 
ENGINEER SCIENTIST with training ond/oc experience in both hoidwaie ond software with mini computer experience highly desirable and 
TECHNICIANS with experience in both mechanical ond electronic work 
(all I 837 29o4 during working hours ond I 255 393o during off duty hours. 

A D M I N I S T R A T O R S W A N T E D 
A d m in is tra to rs w ith T e x a s lic e n s e | needed tor la rq e a r ow in g co m p an y rn South T e xas a re a A len d er In the I 
H e a lth C o re F ie ld , w e o fte r c h o l le n g m a a n d re w a rd in g o o p o rtu m ties Send your re su m e to: E x p re s s | 
N ew s B ox 7/72, San A n ton io. Tx 
’8297________________________________ 
A p p lica tio n s a re b e m a a cce p te d by the C ity of B o e rn e . T e x a s for the po sitio n of C e rtifie d P a tro lm a n A p p lic a t io n fo rm m a y be o b ta in e d b o m C ity H all. B o e rn e, Tex 78oo6 
C A S F W O R K E R III to w o rk w ith I m e n ta lly re ta rd e d p e rso n s M a s te rs I d e g re e fro m an a c c re d ite d sch o o l of so cia l w o rk , 2 y rs fu ll tim e e xp e r te rn e in s o c ia l s e r v ic e a g e n c y ; tra v e l re q u ire d SI 219 mo. A p p lie d lio n s a v a ila b le a t A u s t in S ta te 
School, 22o1 W lit h St A u stin . T i 
454 4731 E x t 3o7. A n e a u o i o p p o r tunity e m p lo y e r 

ELECTRON MICROSCOPY 
P o s itio n a v a ila b le fo r p e rs o n ex pet le n t cd in the p re p a ra tio n a n d I e v a lu a tio n ot e le c tro n m ic ro s c o p y I 
,pe< m ien s M u st be sk ille d in use of u lt r a m ic r o t o m e a n d e le c t r o n ] m ic ro s c o p e , k n o w le d g e ot p h o to g ra p h ic p ro c e s s in g a ls o d e s ire d 
P le a se c a ll 
6/4 141o to a rra n g e | in te rv ie w 
Southw est Fou n d a tio n for R e se a rc h A E d u ca tio n 
I q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

JO H M U N I IN G ? S U SAS.OOO B e r ­ n a r d H a ld a n e A A s s o c . ( S I J ) 
342 H i t 
S in c e 
1*47. 
N o t pla cem e n t ag en cy 
P R 6 i f S s lftN A I I ret u tiv t 
C o n su ltan ts Int I 
P e rso n n e l C on su ltan ts 
6243 IM IO. Suite 44o 
7*622*3 
S P A S S O T Ta T E S f r r o f t w w o T 
E m p lo y m e n t C o n su ltan ts 
F28-5S73 • 18oo Plato W 

~ TEACHERS! 
S p e cia lizin g in T e a ch e r pla ce m e n t 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S E R V IC E 
2o7 J A C K S O N K E L L E R 
828 12*2 

6o?-MUB 

W r Y B T T W 
I W 
B i r T f r T T t 1 n a to r c h a n g in g ) a c a r e e r in R e a l 
E s ta te ? In a o ire at our co rp o ra tio n , w nere you n ave con tinu ou s tra in in g o n d o p p o r t u n ity to h a n d le m o re client-. We o rc now in te rv ie w in g w ill tra m the rio h t pe ople in to n tra ct- fin a n cin g and sa le sm a n sh ip 
We tu rn is n 3 S a p p o in tm e n ts pc w eek w ith h o m e O u v e rs to r y o u 
M o st c o ll th is w eek tor a p p ro v a l at out next 2 week e ve n in g cla s s Can 
G r e e n x2B o /5 5 
I N T E R S T A T E 
R E A L E S T A T E 

SUN ELECTRIC CORP • 
CAREER OPPORTUNITY 
Dissatisfied With 
Earnings? 

SUN ELECTRIC CORP, world s largest manufacturer of automotive testing equip bos opened a new regional office in 5an Antonio 

 lf you have a working knowledge of the automotive service industry ot related sales, we would like to ar­ range an interview with you 

We have openings in the Laredo, 
Del Rio, Uvalde and Victoria areos. 
All of these ran be represented out of Son Antonio for more information, 
Call or write Ed Koenig 
SUN ELECTRIC CORP 
431 Isom Rd. Suite 129 
San Antonio, Tex 78216 
512-341-3149 days 

 aftor 5 p.m. call 512-661-2493 

Has Immediate 
Opening For: 
DATA ENTRY OPERATOR 

W ith a t least I ye a r M o h a w k ke y -ta p e e x p e rie n ce h e lpful. IO key b y touch req u ire d. 
Please, Call 
Diane Miller 
735-9392, Ext. 31o 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

ADMINISTRATIVE. 
FINANCIAL 
ADMINISTRATIVE— 
FINANCIAL 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
Our expansion pregrem hat aaanad tavaral residential salat patiltant at caraar-anantad pertain arith ar WITHOUT a i- j parlance Taur lunets patantial ii, thoroughly explored in aur (OM- flDfNIIAl interview prefram. H vee are accepted, yew benefit tram aur attentive in-heute training prefram and aur pravan success patterns- 
(all ferry 
Leaffava. 124-o121, at aur San 
Padre 
Office ar frank 
Weather bae, 342-3211, at aur 
Fredericksburg Id. Office, ar lilt 
McGinnis, 
494-76S1, al aur 
• Ireekhellew Office, ISI JO ken 
Padre. 

 k o s o u r & k f i i m ^ 

 l f ACTORS 
SO TAS O f TRUST 

CAPABLE 
STORE MANAGER 

Able lo wolf DA customers os well os from other employees 
Todies sportswear shop in nofthside moll Top votary ond fringe benefits 

Write for interview giving pertence ond background press News Box 77/o, Son An 

 ig ex- d Ex 

 tonio 78297. 

AVON 
To B u y o r Sell 
C A L L 124-o*4) 

C O M M I S S I O N C O N G O U S 
R ia . 
( • .ta te 
S a le s 
U n h a p p y w ith n a m in g s ? O p p t v ? F u t u r e ? C o ll te x Vet R e alty 438 464o 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
S alesp eo ple o re am o n g the h igh est p a id lh the w o rld 
I Im m ediate op en in gs 
3. We writ from 
3 M u tt h ove c o r 
4 We w orh lea d s - ap p t basis 
F o r p e rso n a l in te rvie w 
732 21o5 
D R E A t C H A N C E t o e x p a n d in to m a n y re o l e sta te field s w ith p ro g re ss iv e group 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
J U N E L E W I S A A S S b C I A T E S 
S o le s P io c e m n t S e rv ic e 83o N E lo o p 41o G jd e 2o6 8 28 9o67 

 ofter 

H »ntnci fo r s a le s p e rs o n in e sta b lisp ed in su ra n ce ag en cy W ilt tra m 
Mi the sale at lite, health, au to and hom e in su ra n ce C o ll J e rry Tipton 
23 1839 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS co m m issio n to sta rt, ca llin g on our cu stom e rs. C a r n e c e ssa ry M u st b e neat ond eleon cu t 494 bbl? 

Real Estate Sales it you a re licen se d ond c o n s id e rin g I c h a n g in g c o m p a n ie s or p re p a rin g ! lo a p p ly tor a lit ens*, co ll m e tor an in te rv ie w In ad d itio n to a g e n ero us co m m is s io n sch e d u le , we otter ex ceph on at office ac co m m o d a tio n s in e x c e lle n t lo c a t io n s p iu s s o c ia l s e c u r it y a n d M e d ic a l In s u ra n c e p a ym en ts 
M uss 
K lm g m sm ith . 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 

S A L E S L A D Y 'S P O S I T I O N S open at L e n n y 's n orth and Southside store s E x p e rie n c e p re fe rre d G ood s a la ry , e m p lo y e e d isco u n t, h o s p i ton/ation. p a id va ca tio n N o pn om c o ‘H boc M rs G ro a n o r M rs Hwcv at 
L E N N Y 'S 4o N o rth b ie r M o ll 
S o le 's'person n ee dtia • la rg e South 
T e x a s c o m m u n ic a t io n c o m p a n y lookin g for re a l estate or in su ra n ce so les pe rson w ith a m a x im u m of 2 y r s e x p to s e ll c o m m u n ic a t io n s e q u ip m en t A ll o th e rs need I pf cig ply . Coli 341663$ 

S IR L O IN A CO now h as I p o sitio n open fo r a g g re s s iv e d ir e c t s a le s ­ m a n to do c o m m is s io n w o rk 
W e h o v e o n o p p o r t u n it y to r th e in ­ d iv id u a l th a t h as m a n a g e m e n t po te n tio l lo a d v a n c e N o tra n s p o rta lio n re q u ire d , we h a v e a v e h ic le p ro g ra m an d m o re F o r in fo rm a - lio n co ll Gene 34* 4231 
Som e M a ke l l - to m e Don I 
T e x a s b a s e d n a t io n a l w h o le s a le e le c t r o n ic s d is t r ib u t o r h a s im m e d ia te o p e n in g to r a g g r e s s iv e , lle a n c u t s a le s p e rs o n 
S h o u ld be fa m ilia r w ith C B e q u ip and g e n e ra l co m m u n ic a tio n m e rc h a n d is e £ m l p ay a rra n g e m e n t C le o n von or station wagon n e c e ssa ry Y o u 'll m ake it ii yo u 're good C o ll SSI 7**o tor opp! 
T E X A S I t E F iN E R 'Y C O R P 
P L E N T Y O F M O N E Y p lu s c o s h bonuses, frin g e b e n e fits to m a tu re in d iv id u a l in your a re a R e g a rd le s s of e x p e r ie n c e , w r it e G E g p a te , 
P Y R E S , T e xas R e fin e ry C o rp , B ox 
711, F o rt W orth, T e xo s 7*1o1 
~ |*77 t im e ' f o b A C H A N O C ' 
W as 197* re a lly a s u c ce s s fu l vea tor you? Does your p re sen t lob ofter tn e o p p o rtu n ity you w a n t? I1 y ou r a n sw e r is no, you w ill be in isle d in tne op p o rtu n ity we otter 
You m ay have been dr tying o tru ck w o rkin g in a fa cto ry , se llin g goods or se rv ice s, te a ch in g school, or do m g 1o1 oth er th in g s p e o p le do lo earn a liv in g Y et you a re d tssoh s tied w ith your lob, your low in co m e 
Of the pe ople you w o rk w ith 
We have an opening tor one per th is a r e a O u r s e le c t io n w ill be 
D oses upon a n in o io s e d p e rs o n a l in te rv ie w m at w ill fe ll us an d you if you o re suitable tor our b u sin e ss it y o u o r e s e le c t e d , y o u w ill be th o ro u g h ly tra in e d ond m ay en toy e a rn in g s of S2oo to 14oo per we 
F o r p e r s o n a l in t e r v ie w , c o l i 
341 1421 and ask tor L e o Suiok 
U R G E N T ! Y N E E D 
Keen Esta te sa le sm a n C e n tra l 
O ffice Ask tor M f M ille r 
227 8227 W A T SO N 6 SON *28 1242 
W a rt!In te llig e n t h o u se w ife to s e ll 
I fu rn itu re A d a ys in c lu d in g S a tu rd a y 
$1ooo m o it q u a lifie d N o S m o k in g 
F IS H E R S USO N E Lea p 418 
Widowed? Divorced? 

A p o rtm e n t S e le c to r is now a t ce p tin g a p p lic a tio n s tor A p u rt m en* C o u n selo rs The C o m p o n y s u p p lie s the p ro sp e cts an d the listin g s. Y O U s u p p ly the h o rd w o rk , d e d ic a tio n a n d e n tn u s ia s m r e q u ir e d f o r th is o u i s ta n d in g c a r e e r o p p o rtu n ity 
B a s e s o la r y p lu s e x c e lle n t bonu s pion te x a s R e al E s to le 
L ice n s e re q u ire d C o ll 349 1737 

6o4 TECHNICAL 

CIVIL DRAFTSMAN 
2 y e a r s m in im u m e x p e r ie n c e 
F a m ilia r w ith p la n a n d p r o f ile w ater d is trib u tio n , a n d sew e r co l lection system s. 
F rin g e be n efits 
349 S2SJ 

IT S E A S Y T O P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
W A N T .A D H S Its* 

TRUST DEPARTMENT HEAD 

A leading Rio Grande Valleyliank is looking far an experienced Trust* 

Officer to manage and further develop a 
$2S-mlllion 
Trust! 

Deportment. This individual should have experience in a large trusty activity. The incumbent will answer directly to the President, will be. 

 part of Senior Management of tho bank and will be responsible for alii areas of the Trust Department including Trust and Estate Ad­ 

 ministration and Business Development. Please submit resume, salary | history and any ether pertinent data which will be held strictly con-' fidential to: 
EXPRESS-NEWS BO X 7789 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 
An iqul Opportunity Employer M/F 

SECRETARIAL 
SECRETARIAL 

NORTHSIDE BANK 
N eeds An 
EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 

M im m u n o f 2 years se cre ta ria l e x p e rie n ce re ­ q uired. S h o rth a n d -8 o ; T y p in g -6 o . C a ll 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK 
Personnel O ffice 

For A n A pp ointm ent 
734-8171 

A n E qual O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer 

 c 
TECHNICAL 

* Electronic ^ 
Technician 

Must be qualified in Solid 

Stole A Color TV 

 it Excellent Working 

Conditions 

* Paid Vocations 

# Group Insurance 

A Profit Shoring 

★ Pension Pion 

* Employee Discounts 

A Uniforms & tools 

 furnished 

Apply In Person 

1o AM to 3 PM 

J C 
P e n n e y 

Windsor Park Mall 

KEYPUNCH 
COMPUTER 
OPERATOR 
E x c e lle n t 4 day (48 h o u ri d a y shu t position a v a ila b le tar p e r von to both 
K e y p u n c h an d o p e ra te c o m p u te r 
M u»l be v e ry e x p e rie n c e d in both o re o s C a ll M r P r o v e n at 82* 8441 tor detail* 

TRANSMI1TER OPERATOR 
F u ll po w er V H F T V Station needs one fu ll lim e tra n sm itte r op e ra to r 
F irs t phone an d re lia b le tra n sp o r ra tio n r e q u ir e d F r in g e b e n e fits 
Sen d re s u m e a n d s a io r y r e q u ir e m en ts to C h ie f L n g in e e r, K O N S 
T V , M O B O X 2829, la r e d o . Ti liO-H ti qu ai o p p ortu n ity e m p loyer 

TV MAINTENANCE 
F u ll pow er V H F TV Station 
N eeds one fu ll tim e m a in te n a n c e e n g in e e - w ith c o lo r e x p e r ie n c i p r e f e r a b ly on T K 27 s, A m p s 
1 2 o o s . 
P C /O s . g r o s s v a lle y s w itc h e r s e n d v a r io u s te r m in o ! e q u ip m e n t F ir s t p h o n e re q u ire d 
S en d re s u m e o n d s a la r y r e a u ir e m e n ls to C h ie f E n g in e e r. K O N S 
TV. P O Box 282*. L a re d o . Tx 78o4) 
( d u a l O ppo rtu n ity e m p lo yer_______ 

6oS 
RESUMES 

 tor re tirin g c a re e r m ilita r y ■ 
M m ip o n y jjrg d e b lJ ic g r^ J 4 L 8 t| 8 

ADMINISTRATIVE 

FINANCIAL 

FULL CHARO! BOOKKEEPER 
M u st h a v e k n o w le d g e of g e n e ra l led g e r, b g ta n te sheets tax fo rm s . a n d r e c o n c ilin g a c c o u n ts 
M u s t have som e p e rso n n e l m a n a g e m en t e x p e rie n ce S a la ry co m m e n su ra te w ith a b ilit y . S en d re s u m e to £ press News Box SIMS______________ 
N E E D 
Fall charge bookkeeper 'I person o ffice B o o k k e e p in g test required Send resum e ond refer enc es to P O Box 11o92 H ackberry 
Station 712 IG 

ADMINISTRATIVE-. 
FINANCIAL 

MAJOR TEXAS 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION 
SEEKING 
BRANCH MANAGER 
SAN ANTONIO 

Must have 2-5 yrs. mtd-mgmt level experience ie mortgage 

 lending (residential) 
S-t exp. and bi-lmgegi ck ills preferred. 

Unlimited potential fat 

 responsible seff-storter. 
Ex­ cellent salary and benefits. 

Fleet* send resume ta 

II PRESS-MEWS BOI 524* 

San Antonio, Texet 71297 
A* Uh** O ffutt twig lapUytr 

BOOKKEEPER/ 
ACCOUNTANT 

Excellent opportunity lei rapid od 
Yoncement into Executive Manage menl position with well established growing retail thorn full charge bookkeeping exp necessary 
Short commuting distance horn SA Salary commensurate with oddity ond poten hoi 

Pitas* send resume to liebermon (g , 
P O lox ?a . Floresville, tx 7*114 

 filii (HARGE 
BOOKKEEPER 

 to w o rk fo r d o w n to w n 

 co m p o n y w ith g o o d s a la ry 

 a n d b e n e fits. 

 band resume to: 
Alford, Mwoiwy I Cg. 
17oo frost Bank Teem 

Son Antonie 

O f f * " O M U L 

START THS 
M SW YEAR 

RIGHT!! 

Unlock your future with a promising new job . . . well provide the key! 

Our office will be closed for the holidays. We will re open on January 3,1977 

Call us for top opportunities 
LOCKE 
Employment Service 

2446 Cee Gee 
826-9671 

[ « « « « « « & 

San A n to n io E X PR E S S -N E W S - 

 c 
MEDICAL 
I H S ) C 
MEDICAL 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
AND VILLA ROSA ANNEX 

Have Immediate Vacancies In The 
Following Positions: 

RM S — 11 to 7 and 3 to l l . M edical, surgical, and intensive care units. 
REGISTERED X -R A Y TECHNICIANS — 7 to 3 
EEG TECHNICIANS — (Villa Rosa Annex) 
6 months experience preferred 

E xcellent w orkin g co n d itio n s an d frin g e b e n efits. 

A pply Personnel O ffice 

SANTA ROSA HOSPITAL 
519 W. Houston St. 228-2343 
VILLA ROSA ANN EX; 5115 M edical Drive, 

228-2634 
Art Equal Opportunity Employer 

-S atu rd ay Ja n u a ry I I 9 7 7 
~t- 

FOOD-ORINK SERVICES)(616) ffOOD-PRINK SERVICES J (616) 

 t 

9 
9 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

DISHWASHER 
G raveyard Shift 
• WAITRESS 
PM Shift 

Part time, perm anent positions. Experience is 

 preferred 

 apply in person jo jo s r e s t a u r a n t 

2o7 N W Loop 41o 

♦ 
XI 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

GENERAL OFFICE 
Boerne Area 

Typing, IO key odder, accounts receivable, computer oriented, general knowledge of retail grocery business helpful. 
Company benefits, paid vacation, excellent opportunity ond salary for right person. 
Call 698-1o33 
For Appointment 

Lutheran G eneral Hospital 
REGISTERED NURSES 
All shifts OPEN 
Full and part time positions for e m er­ gency room and intensive care unit 

OUR NEW EMERGENCY R O O M + 
OUR REVISED SALARY PLAN m akes these positions v e ry attractive 

7 o 1 5 . Z o r x a m o r a 

FRY COOKS 

M u st have e x p e rie n ce in e g g c o o k in g , s a n ita ­ tion an d fo od control. 

E xcellent w a g e s an d b e n e fits 

 a p p ly in p erson jojos restaurant & lounge 
2o7 NE Loop 41o 

 no p ho ne ca lls p le a se 

“ I 

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 
2 y rs e x p e rie n c e 272 7323 E q u a l op portun ity e m p lo y e r M F 

B O A R D O P E R A T O R n e e d e d to r re lie f sh ift to r b u rg la r a la rm co m ­ pan y. M in im u m s a la r y A p p ly 3o7 
P o lio s betw een Ioom -4pm 
C O M B I N A T I O N O f fic e G i r l a n d 
B o o k k e e p e r. P r e f e r 28 y e a r s o r over an d b ilin g u a l S a la ry 345o m o 
T E X A S T R A C T O R P A R T S , l l S E 
17th St 
I 542 9594 D a y s. I 542 o868 nites 
P U M M IL L P E R S O N N E L S E R V IC E 
8oo N H I. L oop 41o. 4*4 G P M South, 
149 1744 
I N S U R A N C E A G E N C Y n e e d s in d iv id u a l w ith p ro p e rty and ca su a lty 
In s u ra n ce e x p e rie n c e . C a ll B e e ry 
Agen cy 349-4494 
I N S U R A N C E C A S U A L T Y R a te r w ith m in im u m 7 y rs e x p e rie n c e , lo c a l s u rp lu s line. G e n e ra l A gen cy. 
E x c e lle n t fu tu re , s a la r y b a se d on e x p e rie n ce C a ll L e s lie 734 ?7S1 
P A R T T lM I 
IN S U R A N C E S F C R E 
T A R Y , N o rth e a s t o ffic e C a ll fo r appointm ent 656-3o7)_____________ 

P rin tin g firm Iii A u stin needs typist, kn ow le d g e of p rin tin g h elp fu l. C a ll local n u m b er for d e ta ils 492 254* 

PARTS M ANAGER 

For large 
G M d e a lersh ip . 
Bilingual 

 preferred. M u st have 15 years parts 

 experience. 
S a la ry an d com m ission 

$ 2 ,o o o month. 

Reply to Express/New s Box 7771 

San Antonio, Texas 7 82 97 

PROFESSIONAL 
WAITERS & WAITRESSES 
(PART TIME) 

E xperienced o n ly in sem i d inn er house. 

Excellent w a g e s an d b e n e fits 

 a p p l y i n p e r s o n 

 jojos restaurant & lounge 
2o7 NE Loop 41o 

 no phone c a lli please 
I 

SKILLS TRADES D O 

W e h av e a p o sitio n op en fo r S ilk 
S cre en D ep artm en t F o re m a n M u st h a v e e x p e rie n ce . Send re su m e to 
J e rry E llis . Joh n O E llis B in d e ry , 
141 M a n u fa c tu rin g St., D aria s. Tex a s 7S2o7 
W ILS O N IN T E R N A T IO N A ! 
84 N E L O O P 41o Suite H O E 

616 FOOD ORINK SERVICES 

RATE CLERK 
I n s u r a n c e c o m p a n y n e e d s r a te c le r k w ith a m in im u m o f 2 y r s h e a v y c a s u a lt y e x p . C a l' M r 
Ju n g m o n n 736 2411 ft e c e o t io n is i S e c r e t o r y , m a t u re person, lite ty p in g re q u ire d , g e n e ra l o ffic e e x p e r ie n c e . S m a ll o ffic e 
B e a co n C ir c le L o c a tio n S ta rtin g s a la ry c o m m e n s u ra te w ith e x p e r lence C o ll 344 3444 
W ant L o c a l C o lle g e S tu de n t C le rk - 
T yplst P o rttm e . N o S m o k in g , good 
P o y F I S H E R S. 145o N E L oop 4)o 

612 MEDICAL 

P A R f 
TIME 
B O O K K E E P E R 
N E E D E D 
B ra u n fe ls 
A p p ly *51o N orth N ew 

6o8- K a n i n 
Tdm Tm ^ '^ ITvT'TTrTeT^ nr^ ^ eeg som e on e e x p e rie n c e d in S u p e rv I sio n a n d O rg a n iz a tio n to h a n d le re sp o n sib le p o sitio n w ith N a tio n a l 
C P A F ir m S a la ry n eg otiable ( o h 
M rs C ris w e ll. 222 1o88 ft lin g u a l in d u s t r ia l s e c r e t a r y 
S h o r th a n d r e q u ir e d 
C o ll M r s 
Sm oot at C o lu m b ia In du strie s Inc 
344 9211 
E q u a l 
O ppo rtu n ity 
E m p lo ye r 

 r r u L i E C T m u B v s h o rth a n d re q u ire d Con M rs V on 226 9211 

S e c r e ta rie s (71 n e e d e d for s o c ia l s e rv ic e a g e n cy S h o rth a n d , ty p in g and b ilin g u a l. A p p ly at J I/ K in g St 
‘-.'4 4335 

IT S E A S Y TO P L A C K A 
E X P R E S S N K W * 
W A N T A D 128-1*** 

UNIT MANAG6R- 
SURGERY 

 metropolitan General Hospital is accepting applications tor on ex­ perienced Surgical Unit Monogor 
Complete charge ot scheduling and co ordinating surgical ac­ tivities. txcellent working con ditions and employee benefits 
(xcelltnt starting salary com mensurote with experience. Con­ tort. 

 r w s o N N ii o f n c i 
123o BROOKLYN AVF. 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 7S312 equal opportunity em ploy*. 

T 
NOW 
■ 
HIRING 
$T 95. Per 
Week 

No Experience 
Necessary 

Compony Will Train 

Call 733-8129 
^ 
9 a.m.-6 p.m. j 

^ 
5^* tjjc 
' 
PARTS DEPT. 
Parts Book and mechanical i ty necessary High school educo hon and good physical condition to perform receiving ond ship ping duties Good solory ond benefits. 

Apply at: 

Refrigeration 

Engineering Corp. 

8799 Crownhill, San 

Antonio, Tex. 

ZZ 
(q ual O pportunity im p la y a , u 

RN’s and IVN’s 
Nurse-Aides 
Dietary Aides 

Apply 

Carriage Square 
Nursing Home 

8o2o BLANCO RD. 

Adm iwlitw 
Hexp ital. in 8% Sprin g, t a .a t wilt ha In San Am ania an A and 7 January 1o77 ta In- 
•wnriaw applicant* tar 
RN pQiirte,tv* *bT rjhAe UakBk(pt9e*t rara* tad 
•p ort la tha Nursing Bare k a 
O ffice ut tha Aud la Murphy 
M a m art* I V avaram 
Aldm In - nix aria n Ha«pItal, an A and 7 

 at 6 a rn and 3 p m Cantril cattan a t currant Ikanea In any H ora w raqukad. 

W A ITR ESSES 
• A SST . C O O K 
• BU S HELP 

Lunch O n ly 

G o o d ben efits 

 apply iii paisan only between IO o rn 11 3o only 
Tastesetter 
Restaurant 
Frost Brothers, 
S econd Floor 

N o rth Star M o ll 

CARPENTER 
FOREMAN 

 lxp«ri«nced in Cotnmarcial 

Construction 
Future Properties, 
Inc. 

673-1o29 341-4391 

344-8o34 

Ptrmanwnt im ploym gnt 

ASSISTANT 
SUPERINTENDENT 

A p a rtm e n t H ouse 

Construction 

Som e 
C o lle g e re ­ quired. 
E xcellent caree r o pportu nity. 

C o ll 8 2 4 2 3 2 2 . 

LYN 3-11 
A p p ly in pei von H S L e w is 
~ r r y S oE'T i'iiT s 

E x p e r ie n c e d 
S m a ll 
L o a d e r 
Operator References **4 1J32 r r » « 7 T. n~ 
« r j p n o i s r e ~r i r 
A N D H E L F E R , auto and truck uphohCry, SS Mow F ri 221 7J*I e x p e r ie n c e c o lo r T V R e p q irm a n 
W anted, Sim pso n TV , 43J 87SIH H pee len ce 5 ' 

 v N l l 7 A q t H ills / n u - I1 i-niec" 
73o2 Oak M a n o r D r 344 8S3 7 

 m e d i c a l t r a n s c r i I e r 
Experienced only 241 7J81 
N u rse A id a s, e xp e rie n ce oniy, o il sh ills 
N o rm an d y T e rra c e Inc. 
64*o1o1 
*41 R ice R d 
R l T l p T i o N i T T --------------- 
Super Oft, pe rfect lob MOO ♦ 
OR P E R S O N N E L 
O ak H ills M edico) B ld g 
69o 991o 
M e d ica l d e n ta l E m p lo y m e n t S erv 

RN IVN 
A L L S H IF T S 
A il F rin g e B e n e fits 
G olden M a n o r 
73* 4144 r k i and I VNs (nonsm okers pied s e lo p p ly 9 1 H ills id e M a n o r 831o 
G au lt L a n e 828 o6o* io n A n to n ie 
H e a lth 
S e rv ic e * 
Placements, Inc , 84 N I Leap 418. 
Suit* D IE . M M I I J. 

614 Sims TRADES 

• B A R B E R * 
K e lly A F B 82 h a irc u ts steady 
432 944 1 
433 3111 
B a rb e r 4 bop M a nag ar - i i yr iigTT licensed Guarantee Mutt have lei lowing 7)2 JIM til J IO J41A1o4 g W i s n u F T ia H n i s r o m 
' 
A N O F O R E M A N 
Send re su m e to F O Box 39174, San 
A ntonio, Ta 78218 r f f l 'WT A P T S A T ftft" fq-r' T ;1 TSS 
N orthw est 
T H D ro te s E x p e rie n c e o n d r e fe r e n c e s r e o u lr t d P h o n e 
222 o*o* We a re on e qu al op portun tty e m p lo y e r 

CRUSHER FOREMAN 
E x p e rie n c e d rn to ta l o p e ra tio n of 
ISO T P H p o rta b le c ru s h in g p la n t, in clu d in g to k in g gow n and m o v in g pio n ! S a la ry n e g o tia b le C o n ta ct 
A D a v is p O Box 22o, C a rls b a d , 
New M e x ic o 8*77o. SO*. 885 41.’ 8 
D fe lV l?ft to r long hoof, m ust h ove ?| y rs a . p 824 17/7 OSS M 
M 
B 
M 
Estim ator far ganarul cent ra tte r J 
M in im u m 3 y e a rs e s tim a tin g , ex p a d d in g a n d shop d ru w in g e xp e r te n e t re q u ite d D iv e rs ifie d typ es ot c o n s tru c tio n w o rk 
E x c e lle n t ap poi tu n ity 
Send re su m e ta M q rc o i 
Inc. P O Box 41o* B ry o n , Tx 78oo1 
No phone coll* 
™ r ? P (JOG G 8 O O M t h ar tamale 
Call i t i l l i i 

Coli 
E x p e rie n ce D g cfm a n Nr-t-rk-rl 
M I *74) after i 3o pm 
E x p e rie n c e d f ib e r g la s s D u c t in s ta rte rs n e e d e d t o p c o m p a n y , m ony ben efits A la m o H e a tin g A A ir 
Cond 494 3555 
"""'e x p I'S'i e Wc E d k n e l t ----- 
V IN Y L IN S T A L LE R S 
ALCO C A R P E T IN S T A L LE R S 
Tea aav. Plenty af steady work 
Overtime, vocation pay, sick leave, and ether frinpe benefits Contact 
Pate Loper. 2*62171 
CROW N FLO O R C O V ER IN G 
MIS N Olive p e r ie n e e d d ie s e l g e n e r a t o r re p a irm a n , frin g e b e n efits, s a la ry negotiable C a n 974 48o1 C O E i x p - G R l D i r r " 6 P E R A T 6 R ood hours, good pay Call I qual eqqqrtunity employer 

EXP. HAIRDRESSER 
F u ll tim e pro fe ssio n a l for N E o r aq 
Solon 
P a id vo ca tio n and p ro fit sha rin g 
V A L E N T IN E S Hair Designs 
IM ); Nacogdoches Rd 
I I H 9 H 
486*848 
E IN lsW ^ A R p t f t T E b h o noosers ar lu n kie s M u st tie w illin g to w ork ond aw n b o n d to ols C a ll *57 JI 17 betw een 6 an d 7 pm 

R f. R I SSE r im m e d .<.7 open mg, with ar without following 
M M * It 
H aird resse r w a n fe d , exp erien ci w ith fo llo w in g , N C a r e a 653 17o( 
Or *96 i»oD 

NAIR STYLIST needed t o r fu ll s e rv ic e sa lo n w ith e x c e lle n t c lie n t e le N e a t a p p e a r a n te a n d p le a s a n t p e rs o n a lity o re essential S u ccessfu l g ro w th oppor tu n n ies ♦ go od s a la ry a n d benefit-. 
P e rso n a l in te rv ie w c a ll Juan M o rn 
494 7*97 or *9* 735o 

LAREDO SHOE (ACTORY 
HAS OPENINGS FOR: 

A Sewing Dept Supervisor 
Must ho9« experience rn shoe manufacturing 

A Shoo Factory Mechanic 
Must know all types of sewing machines and shoe equipment 

Saiory Open 
Good Benefits 

Must relocate in laredo (ompany will pay for moire 

Call S12-72S-oo21 far Mr. iaal 

Freedmen B-5 Monday thru friday 

OB 
Sand Information to PO Box 1/74, laredo tx 78o4o Only serious, ax pariancad parsons need opply 
^ ^ Ig o o U p p o rtu n rty ^ ^ 

MANAGER 
TRAINEES 
Applications are now being accepted by 

KENTUCKY 
FRIED CHICKEN 

OI 97o6 IH35 North for young, og 

(passive parsons with o high school 

 diploma, 19 years of agt or over 
Opportunity lot career growth with 

(ompany on the |ob homing in alt 

 phases of stole management Lorn pony benefits 
M 
6 5 6 - 3 o 7 o 

 a v 

 n o w 

 h ir in g 

MANAGER TRAINEES 

 a n d 
ASSISTANT MANAGERS 

 fa s t fo o d e x p e rie n ce p re fe r 

 re d b u l n ot n e ce ssa ry S a la ry 

 to com m e n su ra te w ith ex 

 p a tie n c e a n d a b ility 
C o m p o n y b e n e ifts 

S e e M r . S im p s o n 

2338 Jaduon-Kallor 

M 'W TTf'H H ! TM) 7 TI AV m Ti rf 7mt ; TAL 
L a fn c ond M ilt op era tion A p p ly in person P re c is io n M fg C o 454* Sin c la ir Rd 
M E f -flA N .C com p an y needs pe rson x p e r ie ne I’ d In d ie sc-1 e n g in e s , o in p re ss o rs an d h© aw tru c k s Top pa y and co m p a n y ben efits A p p ly In person to Joh n at 438 S an d a u Rd 
G a ry Poo ls 34) 8293 
M e ch a n ic w ith so n ic h e a v y e q u ip m e e t e x p e r ie n c e a n d B a c k h o e o p e ra to r D o not a p p ly u n le ss t i per lence C a ll 651 6o61 

 m U l TT l i T h ' p 6 ¥ s s m A lt-------------- 
• C A M E R A M A N 
•PRINTING S A LE S 
Excellent pay ond fringe benefits 
Apply at 726 E R h a p s o d y 
__ 
N eed I die se l over the ro a d driven 
M u st past stltt w ritte n d riv in g and p h y s ic a l e x a m 
I ag e x p e l le n c e n e c e s s a ry 
R e q u ire s b e in g a w a y fro m hom e on w e eke n ds R u n n in g to upper m id w e st, u n lo ad in g at cus tenners a lo n g the w ay C a ll 654 6543 betw een 8 lo o m (no co lts accep te d atter tOgm ) 
N E E D E D I M 7 A L O I A T E I Y 
S H O P f O R E M A N , to r C h r y s le r D e o le r. s h ip . 
C h r y s le r e x p e r ie n c e p re fe rre d M u st be pe rm an e n t and o g g re e s s lv e W rite B ox 1716, C or pus 
C h risti. 
Tx 
784o! or colt 
I 512 881 o911 
^ f i e o 

Sewing Machine 

OPERATORS 
P o u ts, s h irts a n d b lu e le a n s, good s a io ry , it not e x p e rie n ce d , we w ill te a c h y o u 
P a id v o c a t io n s a n d h o lid a y s . C o m p o n y pen d h o s o i ta ii/a tlo n p o lic y , y e a rly bongs, tre e p a rk in g 
A p p ly Jon Jrd M on day m orn in g 
F IN E 8 IL V E R M F G CO 
814 Com a roo st 
P e s l c o n tro l s e rv ic e m a n w anted, e x p e r ie n c e p r e f e r r e d b u t n o t n e c e ssa ry 
A p p ly or 
I77B 
W 
R h ap so dy 

P L U M B I N G R E P A I R M A N 
Experienced only 826 2331 
_ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
WAITRESSES J 

* 
• 
COOKS 
• 

 apply in person 
MI 

Billy B's #198 J 

* 6*o2 Northwest ixpwy 
^ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

A A 

HELP WANTED 

Full o r Part Tim e 
18 years of age or over 

 a p p l y I n p e r t o n o n l y 

(iH» phono cciHb pltOMf) 

3971 frMftricksbutg Rd. 

C O O P 
L a d y o r m a n ria r i p n*-cessary 
A p p ly V a m m y s Italian 
R e stau ra nt. HIO A u stin H w y 

 f xp c-iie n ced fo e U r n ' W a itre ss e s 
F u ll tim e o nd p o rt tim e A p p ly in person. M onday F rid a y . 9 W ind in g 
Way 
('"T E [ ' b 11 K 7 T 'f> fear te n d e r u rn , 
W aitress needed tor h o r in U n ice f sal f tty C o ll *38 o8o8 tor ap p t 

7 ( xper fen 

W A I T R E S S 
E x p e rie n ce d . A p p ly L a s H a cie n d a s, 
A3U* 5 / o rz o n io ra . 973 9o5* 
W a itr e s s aA u s ! he e «pc r ii-m e ii 
W eekd ays 
D ow ntow n 
774 oo31 
*55 4VS7 

WAITRESS NEEDED t or new C lub in L o c k la n d a i ea Co il tor d etails. *74 9988 iff A K T H ? 'A rt.',,, t'.vc: g it, lo , snniT w lrh i o u n ler A p p ly In p e rso n on ly atter 7pm Sonny s B a r ti O ue. IO? 
F re d e ric k s b u rg R d f f Z TTTIt f> ' "F T p e r l i m eel d in nee w a itr e s s e s a n d e x p e r ie n c e d f a s h irr 
See M r 
H in o la sn a fte r ?pm 
S tockm a n 
R e sta u ra n t 
4o9 
L 
C o m in e r c e 
----------- w h a T a-b u r gT h------------ 
N eeds P e rm a n e n t, F u ll tim e, M e n or W om en Appay in p e rso n betw een 
9 and l l a n i o n ly a l 8234 B ro a d w a y 
N o phone < a lls, please 
----------- W H A T I io f f S iR ------------ 
N eeds P e rm a n e n t, F u ll tim e, M en 
Or W om en A p p ly in tier son at 4177 
N A C O P E R R I N 
N o phone la d s . please 
_________________________ 

62o 
HHP WANTED 

MISCELLANEOUS 

 af ta k i p la n n in g 

Semi Trailer Drivers 

 forfcUft Operator 

Warehouse Helpers 
E x p e r ie n c e n e c e s s a r y 
A p p ly 
Southern M o v in g A S to ra g e Co 32)2 
P a n A m E x p re ss w a y 

S E R V I C E 
S T A T I O N 
A T T E N 
D A N T M E C H A N I C 
A p p ly 72o3 
B la n ca Rd 
Sew ing m a c h in e m e ch an ic needed m u st n a v e a t le a s t I y e a r e x p e r tent# 
A p p ly in pe rson IVO/ S. Si 
A 
A 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
S h a m p o o g> rl w g n ie c fj a p p ly o f 
N e w b y ’s on M c Cudough M u st h ove licen se 828 57 79 
— r a m k i T A L w D r k E r s ~ 
Apply only it exp erien ced rn to br,, uhon bt air conditioning ducts 
CON 456 1282 

THEE TRIMMERS 
K X P K R IB N C B D 
Hop nor Trot Service 436164* 
•••Ll P FiO LS t E B E R •*•----- needed part time *53 8641 

— 
>rei w ¥ a u i F M E N T -------- 
M EC H AN IC p r e f e r a b ly w ith e x p e rie n ce on en pines an d tra n s m is s ia n s p ro d u cts are Case. O ra d e ll, E lg in an d B ro s 
C a ll D oug 973 4J5J h ti" n it? w grpfR wa ut rn m u s t b e x p e r ie n c e d in k it c h e n e qu ipm en t fa b ric a tio n 
Top s a la ry m id benefit* Con 177 8*35 

 i i i i A r Skipping o n d R e c e iv in g 
C le r k 
F o r k lif t oxp M a t e r c o m pony. Ceti John 7*2 21*1 23o1 West 
Avg. 
Job* North, Inc , P la c e m e n t Service 
License Sham poo g irl lift weel' plus. tips. 828 9o85 128 9o8* 342-87o9 

WANTED 

HYRDRAUIIC CYLINDER 

MECHANIC 
M UST BB E X P E R I E N C E D 
C A L L 7)6-4)83 

W a re h o u K B -O B liv try m ust be neat and cle an in ap p e a r once. lo c a l re fe re n ce s 
A p p ly m 
R trso n 
O Krent Floor Covering 
IOO Son Pedro ffThoVAa'Aos-d ion open for O ptra tor ow Shooting machine one Cuttmg 
AAochm* en vinyl binder dept Must hove experience Send return* lo 
Jerry filii*, john O Bill* Bindery, 
J}' 
MgnulReturing St Oaliot, T i 

 e a r OO* s 
U fu ll che k h ifts * 7 n o tifie d p e ig in k e n e d v w rite C r e e 

 ended ( a p a a e of m e nu 
7 IO G o o d rr son 
N e w 
A p p ly 
D iam o n d 
R e stau ra n t in k a m e * C ity Z61I8 
General Club Wlonoger 
A ger f-ssivi- od a n d b e v e ra g e o p e r a tio n a i u n ify clu b rn H ouston la r g e w ell own p a tro n a g e H ig h S a la ry an d b e fits S en d re su m e , a ll re p lie s co-itiflet'tifji, RO Bf** 72*)?, fusion tx I t o i l 

4o Hour Wosk For 

 lipenencDd Cook 
Fun menu Coffee Shop 
MS TU D H O P E , 341 36)1 

MANA6ER TRAINEES 
S A L A R Y S62S 

MANAGERS 
Salary $625+Comm 

N eed q u a lifie d people ag e I i or a v e r tor management p o sitio ns 
C A L L FOR IN T ER V IEW 
W BD TH U RS I IT M 

Hamby Dairy Queens 
341 3116_______ 
M i Vernon Motel ond R estaurant 
Austin, T x i* laking applications for toed and Beverage manager Must have experience iii oil phases Con tact David Resow SI) 434 *721 tor 

TOW N! P U M P 
Restaurant B a r 
B arte n d er ass W a itre ss 
W ill ? ra in 271 (MOZ 

APARTMENT 

HOUSE 

CARRIERS 

AREAS: 

I VERS ond 41o 

(ALL 5:oo P.M.-9:oo P.M. 

826o427 

I. MULBERRY N. 

VANDIVER 

CALL 5:oo P M.-9:oo P M. 

344-4268 

NACOGDOCHES— 

41o arte 

WORK 2 hrs. in A M. 

$175 to $25o per mo. 

 or according to sit# of 

 route 

CAU 1o:oo A.M.-2:oo 

P M. DAILY 

225-7411, Ex!. 112 

An ((pro) Opportunity Employer 

ASSISTANT APT Manager 
M u tu r* couple lo b o o s k istn n tf w hile tra in in g for apt*, m a n a g e rs. S a la ry piu s a p a rtm e n t 
A p p ly a t oftico. 
3222 NW LOOP 418. atte r IO ooA M 
IO 7PM 

WAITER WAITRESS 
E V B N lN G SHIFT 
Top salary, goad bps. frat parking 
24 hour fam ily restaurant. K A R L 
A B E L S 4284 Broadway 

WAITRESSES wanted tor chmose restaurant. Ex per ieiiced Coli Tom, 65J 4143 

Beeline 
22623o3 

DANCERS 
N e e d e d im m e d ia te ly 
N e w p la c e ou tsid e c ity lim its H ig h p a y an n tips ( a ll now *74 9981 

EV E N IN G 
P A R T TIME 
STO C KM A N 

C H E C K O U T e arn e x tra 22*7 San P e d ro 
F IN N E Y A A S S d C I A f 4 S 
Personnel Consultants 
38 33 Callaghan, No 1*3. *8* 866* 

EULL OR PART TIME 

373 *134 P E R W E E K 

CAU: 341 22o5 

Handicapped Only 
C m alevolent, t? on 
S te a d y I m o sia rt 533-EM I 

IT S C A S Y TO P L A C E A 
E X P R E S S N EW S 
W ANT AO 12S 1*64 

I 
I 
I 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Saturday January I I 9 7 7 

% 
' r f vi 
COMMKCI 
&2 5 - 1Q6 6 s a 
. aulae r ie s u it s i 

HILF WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

16 
BO Y S A N D G IR LS— l l 
YEARS OF AGE 

★ TURTLE CREEK 
★ DATA POINT 
★ GARDENDALE 

Part-time earnings afternoons 
Monday 
- 

Friday— any 45 minute period between 3:3o 

 p.m. - 5 p.m. and Saturday & Sunday mornings 

. . . any 45 minute period between 5:3o a.m.* 

7:oo a.m. $4o-5o monthly. Plus, win prizes, 

 cash, trips, movie passes, 

 and tickets to local events. 

It you are close to one of tire above (orations call 

MARK TACKETT 
2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 , Ext. 124 
Before 5:oo p.m. 

After 5:oo p.m. Call 
6 9 o -8 9 4 5 

An (qual Opportunity Employer 

CARRIERS NEEDED 

D O YOU: 

Need to earn up to $1 5 o a month for 
2 hrs. work each m orning? 

Must have reliable transportation! 

Call Express managers after 5 :3 o p.m. 

Universal City— 658-1322 

K ir b y - C a m e lo t — 
6 5 5 - 6 8 5 8 
North off Perrin Beitei——655-72o4 
Lackland A rea— 674-7o75 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS 

 an equal opportunity e m p lo ye r 

SECURITY OFFICERS 

Presently Interviewing for Temporary Jobs Need 5 o Security 
Officers (M ale & Female) 
FRINGE PR O G R AM 

Pay $243 per week 
Uniforms furnished 
Excellent training program 

REQUIREMENTS 

Must be in excellent physical condition and able to work long hours. Must be 21 or over. High school education or equivalent. Must have immaculate background. M ust hove security experience. 
CAN YOU QUALIFY? 
Interviewing Tues.-Frl. 8-6 (no phone calla) 

 s m it h stanley smith 
SECURITY, INC. 
211 W, Olmos 

 an equal opportunity employer 

 xsjLsf d * sL* wt.. ^1^ 
>1. 
»«. wjC 
JJC 
JJC 
3JC9|C 

ONE STOP FOOD STORES 

N EEDS 
INVENTORY PERSON 

Must be able to stay out of town overnight 3 or 4 nights a month. 

[ a p p l y i n p e r s o n 
N EAL, IN C . 

133o GEMBLER RD. 8-5 weekdays 

I* 
* jijj* djc He 
He 
He 

Convenience Store Management 

Choice of career plans and locations 

Shift a rra n g e m e n t o r contract for sa la ry an d com m ission 
★ PAID V A CA T IO N it FREE IN SU RA N C E 
★ B O N U S PLAN 
Bookkeeping, Office & Clerical help also needed 
Lone Star Ice & Food Stores 
3oo W . Jones Ave. 
Interview s 1-4 p.m. w e e k d a y s 

 ttm im itm 
Excellent benefits * salary Cive rn positions tor couples unit single 
Rew ording WDH 
F Of interview opp! coll M rs Elk tnt *51 M S? 
Hoytville it an Eauol Opportunity 
Im plorer 
__________ 
H O U SE W IV E S 
Work in your own neighborhood, full or part time. 
W W W 
In need of o substantial 2nd income ’ 
Call tin oo)4 for interview 
• l A d .e s n e e d e d ";! noun diuiv 
*> day week. S/S sto n l.v Hom e 
Prod u cts inc , S I) W IP 
I ive In, reliable per son needed to n e o n house Hook tor ll anil help witn rn. show cats Wilting to work 
• or o hom e an a sm a ll sal. r * 

 i oroi aG-iAi A v D istrib u to r' is help m oney 
We ton 
7 r, o1/9, 

 inp m a n . in t son . eert working 7 I bouts a day help von 
Don Gunwales 
4 IP M 

 lor large opt compte* Plumbing, electric al ond heating experience essential 
Apt turn lo c a l 
R e fe re n c e s required April, Pe vcmaeihcck 
Mature person needed to live in, con* tor e ld e rly ge n tle m an 
Reference needed n o h e avy housework required Coil before 
1oAM. 34/ H/ SH 

E X T R A C A S H 
Deliver Evening New s Routes 
I to 2 Hrs. Each Evening and Sat. - Sun. Mornings 

Some small routes for boys or girls. Some motor routes for adults. 

AREAS: W. Travis - W. Houston 

W. Martin - N. Zarzamora - N.W. 24th St. 
For Information Call 
225-7411, Ext. 121 before 5:oo p.m. 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Top soil Office Dispatcher, t> days week., some Sundays, sharp mature person, good hourly paid depending on skills. Start immediately, excel­ lent In between lob for Retired Mitt- tory. 433-1489 
Truck Stop a ssista n t m an age r, night shift. 5 day week, Tex M art number S. self serve truck stop, IH 
IO West and Fredericksburg Rd. 
Mature, local references, retired 
M ilita ry w elcom e -s ta r ts $69/ month. All applications to' A.J. 
Ploeb OU Coa Inc. 5/4/ Dietrich Rd. 
No phone calls, please.___________ 
Truck Stop Cashier 
Evening, Spilt Shift. 3:3o to 12. 
Texaco Truck Center Permanent job, 5 day week 
(Mature, local references Start 4416 a month All 
Applications to A.J Pioch Oil Co., 
5/47 Dietrich Rd for Interview we will provide a lovely home in the 
Austin Hills for a couple who will provide a foster home there (or a mentally retarded young lady. This couple must hove integrity, be re­ sponsible, be kind and gentle. It interested, please coll (512)327-2271 

622 

*V | f» 

NHO All-Around 
Permanent 
HOUSEKEEPER 
• 5-day week 
• Salary abave overage 
• Reasonable hours 
• Must speak English 

Experienced cad References 
Required 

I 
We have children, pets, and 
1 good job available for right person. 
822-oT89 Ioom-7pm 

 i f t — 
A B * '" 

M ature per on needed to live in, care for elderly gentleman. Refer­ ences needed No heavy housework reauired. 
Call before 
1oAM, 
342-8758 
Needed im m e d iate ly: m ature, dependable live in for core of 5 yr old g irl and lite housekeeping. 
Room, bod, satarv+other benefits. 
653 5344 

Responsible Couple or sin gle m ale for housew ork, cooking, yard work. Separate qtrs provided Pleasant working condi­ tions rn Olmos Park. 826-7o94 

Se rv a n t W onted: P re tty room , separate bath, T V. IO yr old boy. $6o wk 826 679o or 822 o7o2 or write Mr. 
Gary Cole, 5o3/ Bryce, Ft. Worth, 
Tx 761o/ 
So ne ce sita slrv ie n ta : cu o rto comodo con bono seoarado, T.v , bino de 1o ones 46o aor semano 
826-679o o 822 o/o2 o escriba al Sr. 
Gary Cole, 5o37 Bryce, Ft. Worth, 
Tx 761o7 
Single girl for life housekeeping. 
Good driver ond cook. Free room and board plus salary. 433-6642 
W A N T ED : Lady to (-.leon, launder. 
Iron, I day week Must hove refer ences. Call 696 3328 ofter 7pm. 
Woman to llve-tn. 5 days. General housework. Speak some English 
822 o5o3 

A ccountant will keep books for small businesses 494-6845 otter 7pm 
C H IL D C A R E In my home. 8-6 wk days. Fenced yard. N E Area. $2o, week. 654 624o 
Childcare while you work or shop. 
Infants, pre-school, near m alls. 
341-o961 M rs Taylor__________ 
Ironing, washing done in my home. 
Bv M rs Spears 736-3967. 
Prof tic al Nurse wilt care for invalid pi elderly person. 681-o891._______ 

 b T 6 V s l f Y t/R -M y hom e At ley- noons. Monday Friday. 337-7o93 
B abysitter needed in my home 
Bahcock-Caliaghan Rd. $4o week. 
696 2959 
Childcare for j children atter school ond 2 evenings, own transportation. 
826 6953 

IT COUPLE TO RELOCATE * 

* 
* 
JE 
JE 
JE 
JE 
JE 
JE 
JE 
JE 
JE 
JE 
JE 
_____________ ____ 

MANAGE CONVENIENCE STORE 

IN Crystal City 

C om m ission and vacation p aid 

Apply in Person 8-5pm 
NEAL, INC. 

133o G am bler Rd. 

Dependable live-in, private room and bath, TV light housekeeping and care of infant. Good salary and congenial fam ily, D aytim e also consider eel. References. 494 695/ 
Dependable' live in couple. Pretor older or semi retired Gardening, housework. Nice place to live ond work. 
Separate qtrs. 
Soiary. 
492 13o4 
F xperieneed M a la tor g e n e ral homework. 5 days. own transporta­ tion. Must have references. Good salary. 341 155o. 
' la d y to Babysit Monday Friday, kl. 
E side, re fe re n c e s re a u ire d 
92M25/ otter 6 weekdays. 
Lady to clean house. M us* have r drones* and transportation 
734 8821 

LIV E IN, dependable person, over 
5o to care for elderly man. Lite housework, some cooking Private room ond board Dias 42oo mo 
P re fe r e n g lish sp e a k in g 
References. 826-5154 

 l i v e I n h o u s e k e e p e r 
Desire motherly, responsible L nu iish.speaking lady with d riv e r's license for Castle Hills family with children IO. 7, and 4. Excellent salary. Private room. Call 344 9842 
I T V { T i N h o u s e k e e p e r s days, 2 ch ild ren , se p arate afrs. references. 828-7396 
Live in Housekeeper needed, room meats and salary. 735-4939________ 
Live ii mold aob assistant (or phy- sieoliv handicapped 23 old female 
Coli 656-o625 
Live in or day help needed for id em care and housekeeping Excellent 
COV 826 8884 
Mature lady Live in with elderly semi-invalid woman. M ost speak 
English 826-1768 

Wilt keep children In my home bv the week. Sahara and San Pedro area 349 7o65. 

( BUSINESS EQUIPMENT 

R E C O R D O FO NE 
Automatic Telephone Answ ering, 
R e c o rd in g, call d iv e rtin g eapl. 
Competitive prices- Coll anytime: 
Ralph's Electronics, 675-2245 
R e sta u ra n t E q u ip 
E v e ry th in g from beer boxes and freezers to plates and cosh register. Sell oil or p a rt 
- m ak e offer. 
C o n fa ct 
512-964-3689 ofter 5 ond weekends 
U SED O FFICE FU RN ITU RE 
Desks- Chalrv Typewiters- Adding mochincs. Much more. 349 2674 
Used Restaurant Equipment 
Pizza oven. * burner stove, cheese melter, deeptat fryer, steam er, draft beer cooler, dishes, g la s s ­ ware, cigarette vending machine, cash register. Many other things. 
1131 Basse Rd., 733-7367, 734 3o81 
W E R 'R E M O V IN G ! Print?, s Go rage Sole, Type ti ays shelf cabin els, off set and letterpress equip ment. ii/ CA M A R O N 226*18/ 

7o6 BUILDING MATERIALS 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
FARMER'S SPECIALS 
V i'x iV t " penta posts............. $2,3o co. 
7’x<vV ‘ penta posts. 
12Vi aa. barb wire 

7o1 MISCtUMOUS for SALE 

R E P O portable b u ild in gs 8x1o, 
12*24 year end prices. Terms, Free delivery. 653 81 ll 
Used 12x16 portable building. Free delivery, terms. /32 5171 

7o4 BUSINESS EUUiPMENI 

Antique tables and choirs, good sound pieces 
Daughtry Antiques 
681 o344 
4 C A S H R E C I T E R S : gro c e ry checkout model N C R c la ss 5. 3 years old. Contact Sam Shearrer, 
1-569 4864, P le o san to n , Tx., or 
225-5781, San Antonio 
CO DE-A P H O N E, 2oo A, com m er­ cial telephone announcement sy s­ tem, used 2 m oi., cost $595 will socrift-e. 9?2 o637 
Duta Point HOO MlnFCom outer. 4 disket with printer and comm fea­ ture, I year old. Save Over 3o%. 
69) 1629. 
For ALL N EW and U S E D Kitchen 
Equipment and Supplies. See 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co. 
19oo Son Pedro 
733-o931 
8-Four draw er hitter size tiling cabinets, 22/ 5554 
G AS outo clave, electric auto clove steam g e n e rato r 22o volt, tab cab in e ts and fum e hood, la rge stainless refrigerator 341 8228 
G R O C E R Y ST O R E E Q U IP M E N T 
For sa le : 2 stores. G o n d o la s, 
Produce Displays, Coolers, Meat 
Market and 
Misc 
Equipment. 
133 1469 
IB M Excuhve Typewriter, like new, 
4195 534-349o 

LEASING 
S P E C IA L IZ IN G IN B U S IN E S S and Professional Equipment 
Save Tax Conserve Capital 
GLENN FOSTER, INC. 
2*o3 BR O A D W AY 
227 9381 
P E E R L E S S 9*o engine analyzer 
P rice d reduced for quick sale. 
Rainbow Hills Exxon, 674-2*91. 

. $2.45 en. 

$16.95 roll 
Corr, icon 
$19.95 *q. 
12' gab. steel g a t e 
$27.95 ea. 
14’ gate, (feel g a t e 
$32.95 ea. 
BUILDERS SPECIALS 
2x4 precut No. 3 YR.. 794 ca. 
2x4 precut fir 
894 ca. 
2x4 IO’ thru 16' fir .. I M ft. 
2x4 IO 'ond 12' YR ... 94 ft. 
4x8 7/16 rough ie« lured a " OC $7.95 en. 
12x16* lap sdg. rough textured 28'/i4ft. 
4x8Vc" BC plywood, smooth 2 sides .. $11.95 
4x8'/*" BS plywood, smooth I sides $12.95 ea. 
4x816” CO shop... $5.45 ca. 
ALI TOP QUaLJTY STOCK 
ONI STOP CINTER 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 

BUILDING MATERIALS 

DITTM AR LUM BER 

SOO SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong lorn Corrug Iron lengths to 2o.. 
$24.95 sq 
1x12 Rough cedor lumker . 
............... ......... 554 un. ttj 

Railroad ties 
$4 95 *n 
Asbestos Siding 
$26.95 sq. 

Ook Whiskey barrels . 
$15.95 eo. 
24o lb S/D rig., rotors......$14.55 
IS lb let, 4 sq roll 
$7.45 
Insulation 3 
94 sq It 
Insulation, 6 
IS I sq. ft. 

T M K M O M i Y S A V S * 

MasterCHarg* 
*or>k*n»«n-ord 
Where Cosh **»y» st Wholesale! 

PRE-INVENTORY 

S A L E 

• MUST REDUCE STOCK • 
Acres of Bargains!!!! 
Lumber-Plumbing 
Hardware-Electrical 
2x4 pre-cut studs, No. 3 
69 4 ea 
2*4 studs no 3 ........... 
694 eo. 
2*4,8-14 lengths fir 
94 Lf 
2x6, 8 14 lengths fir... 13'/j4 lf 
4x8, 7 16 textured 
H I siding 
____ $7,95 

4*8, '•} no I COX ply . $6.79 ea. 
4*8, 5 32 Vintage pnlg $5.89 eo 
4*8,5 3? Brandy pnlg 
$5.89 ea. 
4x8, 5/32” Wood pnlg . 
$3.99 po 
1x6 rough fencing 
13'/i4lf 

All TOP QUALITY STOCK 
ONE SIoP CENTER 
C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 

4 6 4 7 R O O S E V E L T 

( S I 2 ) 9 2 4 - o 5 5 6 

LUMBER BARGAINS 
Latex Wall Point 
____ $3-5o 
2*4-8 precut No. 3 select 
794 
24o lb Seoldown shinges $13.95 
4x8-VT (DX Plywood'.. 
$6.99 
4x8 v*" plywood . 
$1o.25 
24x24 Aluminum Window $1o.3o 
ALUMINUM PATIO DOORS 
6 foot 
$89 
"CASH AND CARRY” 
BARNES LUMBER CO. 
12o71. During, 
M M U S 

 t PORTABLE BUILDINGS 1 ^ 7 o ? ) 

Repo 8x12. 8x16, 17x4o yr end Close out, free del, terms, 684 )236______ 
Slig h tly dam age d 1ox7o, 12*24, heavy duty floor, free del, terms, 
924-o32o. 
Store rooms, oil wood, 1ox14 *425; 
12x16 *5oo Delivered 655-23*3 
Used 12x4o, 12x24 storage bldg ■ 
Must sell, free del, terms 923-4346 

718 - FURNITURE 
Karotkms Downtown Thrift 
Basement, New and used furniture 
231 E.Commerce, 227 4361 
LACK S DISCO U N T W A R E H O U SE 
Used Furniture and Appliances 
943 C O LISE U M DR 
• 
225-7444 
6-piece Living Room, *119.95. Com­ plete maple bedroom suite. $269.95. 
Electric dryers, $79 95 
FAWCfTT FURNITURE 
416 Doloroso 
227 4512 

711 - Pawn Brokers 
A M E R IC A N LOAN CO. buv-seii trode anything of voiue 
1624 E Commerce 

A C M E L U M B E R & SU P P L Y 
1oo1 Austin St , 226-143/ 
Universal City, 6S8 6331 
A LAM O E N T E R P R IS E S 
M4S E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 
F R E IG H T Damaged IO* IO portable bldg , tern’s, tree del, 924 5oo3 

•LEPPARD LUMBER* 
We rewire screen w indow s and doors New screen doors, $12 SO, new solid core doors $21.5o; solid ponel doors, 
$35.oo. 
31o3 
W 
Commerce._____________________ 
M O FF ET T L U M B E R CO 
Wholesale - Retail 
4o/ N. Zorzamorp 432-78SI 
R E D W O O D 2x6 D E C K IN G YO U 
B U IL D OR WE B U ILD I 42o 2786 
• Rough Yellow Pine • 
LUMBER 
•GOOD L U M B E R 
•GOOD L EN G T H S 
2 x6 ..........................1 9 'zc L F 
2x8 
.............................. 26C L F 

• 
5oo S e g u in R d , 226-3141 
• 
Wrecking old home, lamps, knotty pine paneling, 2x4s and tin for sole 
Call 
623-161o, 8-4, Monday thru 
Friday 
________ 

7o7 PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
D IS C O N T U IN E D M odel 
7x1o, terms, tree delivery. 924 3oo3. 
Factory 2nd 1o*12, Red Born, Free deteviery, terms. 341-6188 
Factory 2nd 17*4o with insulated ceiling, low cost to complete, terms. delivery. 653 8111 
Portable Buildings moved bv Mer- qon Bonded 653 8111.____________ 
PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6X8.. $295 
8x1o...$396 
O th e r s iz e s a v a ila b le 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T I O N 
Heavy-Duty Floor Included 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
SOO S e g u in R d . 
226-3141 

SOUTHERN JEWELRY CO. 

E S T A B L I S H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y & S E L L 
D IA M O N D S 
PLAT N IN U M 
G O LD 
S IL V E R 
A P P R A IS A L S 
M A D E 
ON 
J E W E L R Y - F O R 
IN S U R A N C E 
P U R P O S E S A N D E ST A T E S 
325 A LAM O P LA ZA 
226 1424 

713-FLEA MARKETS 
SAN AN TO N IO 'S 
Largest Indoor 
TLEAMARKET 
Every Saturday Sunday 
North West Shopping Center 
36oo Block Fredericksburg Rd 
Bock Side ot Center 
FO R IN FO or R E S E R V A T IO N S 
341-7337 

718-COINS A JEWELRY 

 i i 

RIVERSIDE 
COIN CO. 
W IL L BE C L O S E D 
D E C . 25 thru 
J A N . 2nd 
S E E V O V J A N . 3rd 

3 B E A U T IF U L M ulching % (ti rot round brillont cut diamond $15oo, over $25oo value or consider selling separately. 653 o421 
Doctor's Investment Group is inter­ ested In buying coins, stamps, rolls, proofs, gold, Franklin Mints, cts. 
Contect Dr Vogt, 73$2o79 

IT S EA$V TO P LA C E A 
E X P R E S S N EW S 
WANT AD 275 166* 

NEED HELP in our sh ip p in g departm ent, 5 dov 4ohour ween, good saint y poid vocations and hoildovs Company paid hospitalization paltry yearly nanus tree parking Apply January ird Monday morning 
FINE SIL VER M F G CO. 
• I* Camaron St. 

PAfeT TIM E C A S H IE R S "!.' .In in hr 6pm 12pm 7(i IO prs o *ee» No e*p necessary Min agt- in Apply rn person, 9 J Mon t it, stop N Go 
Markets 2oa i Rhapsody 

N E E D 3 Truck Stop Attendanl-Ser- 
Vlceman. night shift. 5 dov week 
Mature, willing worker, permanent 
Starts $64o per m onth 
Texaco 
Truck Center Gas and Eat Truck 
St OO All Applications to A J Plocft 
Oil Co inc. 5/4/ Dietrich Rd. No phone colls, please_______________ 
PART T IM * leasing agent tm irirg, 
NW apt compte*, to work wee 
• ends Cot! n j 399/ 
2~PO SIT IONS A V A IL A B LE------ 
M aintenance and transportation 
Apply Monday Fridays 4 3oAM to 
3PM 94o1 sto rie s* 
R a hic h 'w ftbk ho rs'e training h a n d lin g e sse n tia l 
R e fe re n c e s needed H28 U U or write PO Bo* 
1/o3/ San Antonio *871/__________ 
Stock Work ond telephone Lull Tor w holesale m e n s clothing firm Full time 
Opportunity for growth 
344 2152 

RELIEF DESK CLERK 
3 ll, 3 moms. 2 nights audit, exoer- tem n only 
A pply in P erson . 
Ramoda Inn, IIJI Austin Hwy 
R E T IR E D C fiu P lE to manage an apt temple* 341 8135 stickles Natural Vitam ins, spare time soles business. *8*45*o 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 

S O L I C E D IR E C T O R Y 

T C I PLACE A D S IN THIS DIRECTORY C M L 

( BU SIN H S D lttC TO tY 1 ( 7 3 ? ) 
Southwest Kip Systems 
N E E D S 
23 TRAINEES lo start work immediately in dis­ play merchandising positions 
•No e*periente necessary 
•Rapid Advancement 
Must be at least l l years old and hove lived in San Antonio for I year. 
Call tor interview 
*S*-S13o 

Additions 

2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
ST QUALITY ITEMS sr DISCOUNT PRICES 
ST lo w CLASSIFIED RATES 
GET 
THEREFIRSTI 

 c 
MERCHANDISE MARTD<£> 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
FREIGHT• 
SALTAGE • 
B e n t S to o l P ip e 
( P 
F ib e r g la s s T u^ S A 
^ 
S h o w e r s 
W a te r H e a t e r * em 
S te e l Tubs 
C a s t Iro n T u b* 
S in k * L a v a t o r ie s 
M ony Other items f R 
22 DIM) 72 
£ 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
A 

Ayen Doh coner lions, Soto in set on iv $125 65X84?; 
___________ 
B A R G A IN S f hest $19 Moon Bunk 
Bi ds $59, Dining Bm Tam* : hairy, tit* . Canopy Red $5t. 4 draw er de-* chair $59 Much More Ii} o5v$ 
I /(is West Ave 
Bedroom -mie complete w*n mal- tress box springs *2?s Single bed, bo* springs wan .eg* mattress SSO. 
Other odds n ends 822 .IU* 
E I M e r I " ‘: a n n - .N t ■ i V - T lienal Day .VV 3 i$9 hights 6VOoS21 

LO R A D IO FO R SA LF 
M ldlond 
13 89o a Base Mobile AM SSS With 
CIO' • $41K) D UM Lollipop Mike, $4> 
Varduster Antenna 4oFt Most IOO l l RC, 8 Coble. Plus C h e r Aoeex serries $/5 Complete Base Set up 
$46o s '4 6* Iii 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
Bent Sleet Pipe 

Fiberglass Tubs A Shower* 
Waler Healer* 
Steel Tubs 
Cost lion Tub-. 
Sinks Lovorafof ie* 
Mony Omer items 

224 o672 

CO LO R T i) 25 
M agnaypx, t^edl terrgnean st,ie, ail woad tab net 
Beautiful condition 
$.’oo 
9 6pm 
22? .Vim 
IM. Cut .ell Rattan Bai Witn Four 
Bur Stools Cab. )3 ,a orsO 
Furniture Appliant es Jewelry 
All A p p licatio n s approved with requited down payment Con Im ­ pel Itll Fern 222 2227 41* Brady 

Curtis M athis i"oinr combination 
Sharp lonaitipn 
A M I M sfereo, record plover 
75 in color tor 
$595 
Guarantee 
3,(4 794; or 
22o o42o 

DESKS! DESKS! DESKS! 
Oak 
Walnut, M etm 
I .r. uiive, 
Se relary. Si"denr <urge m teetmn 
$69 5o ond p 
IIJ I B a sse Rd 
IJJ /m/ IU 94*2, 734 3oEI 

G E N E R A T O R 
Koehler 3oo#»o*t 
Starter fuel pump $325 if* )787 
71 P E C K D-net'e ‘ult* solo lave seal quadrophonic stereo se! 
661 7/81 
K EN W O O D receiver JVC 8 lr ark deck 
P S R tu rn tab le 
2 A R S speakers *58 1219 
DOO bouses. German Shepherd size, 
125 delivered *55 2)43 
I V A Fulllength Min* Coot, satin lined worn tu n e large beautiful collat 
Cost si 6oo, must sacrifice lot SHM, nsj 2SoV 

K IN G S IZ E bed, in «e» used still pockooed extra firm (Wurth $48o1 complete $)/*. includes 2o yr guar outer and Beavery Usually ham* 
*84 8234 t E N D E R twin reverb, 1oo won*, 
RM S $45o A R IA copy Ot Le* Pout, 
$|75 New enc cond *84 295o 
IT S FA SY TO FLA CK A 
1 A P R E S * N E W * 
W A N I AQ 22$ 1*66 
For Sale, Worthier Spinner piano early American Maple finish excel wnt condition 671-7871 after 6. 

OFFICE CHAIRS 
Executive, Secretary Occasional. 
Upholstered vinyl and genuine 
'father 
All beautiful O ver 2o3 huns to Choose from Priced ti -im 
$8 5o and up 
1131 B a ss e Rd. 
733 7367, 734-3o81 

REMODELING 
OMI’ LE TE FINANCIN C 
F R E B E S T IM A T E S 
C A S LUMBEB 
4*4/ R O O SE V E LT 
924 855*. 974-8$$/ 

Asphalt-Concrete Work 

A l C ^ k lC R f TE asphalt drivew ays. Lie. Budded 
Jon V,4 I*6o 
S s'~ h'a 'l t > A v ’ n 6 ''''^ A l c o a t 
ING, AND PAT C H IN G Call 65> 269o 
C o n c r e t e w o r k p a t i o s ' 
Sidewalks Driveways 333 3143 

Air Conditioning 

•WAREHOUSE* 
22,ooo 
Sa Ft steel trussed warehouse with corr. tim roof and fides Solid tor removal 6o cents sa ft 623 715o 

O I V IV E T T I P rinting rolcu'Q 'or. 
Custom mode Rod Gun robin*! 
65J o528 

Cabinet Maker* 

P IO N E E R Ox 94*, Quod receiver. 
Alter 844 B speakers, »V6 ISSI 
P O O L 
T A B L E C u sto m m ade, regulation sire. Dem to hiliprd < o 
Perter t cond , *J$U 
/ if-15*4 or 
144 9H45 

P O R T R A IT - F IG U R E P A IN T IN G ti pm life Mon 9 3o 4 rn 4 i j 4)92 
SAM PSO N M A SSA G E B L IT Good 
Cond 924 .594 
SM A LL PIANO, *2oo Or Best Oner. 
9?4 9/23. 
T undoer vo*ue tw o ieee .rf 
TR2o7S. $1ooo 
494 26o3 offer I 
TWO 6 it Long Showcases or R'sers 
M ake ofter, See at 514 W. Com m#rte Et M er codo C osiias 

 u n i t e d f r e i g h t V a l e s 
No I ....................1o4 E LA M A R 
No 2 
... 1o41o P E D R IN B E IT E L 
Fine Furniture • Fraction of retell 
U SED R E F R IG E R A T O R S 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO 
7o7 W EST A V R , 734423/ 

M nTonTcobm erw orS!^?^^ 
Chen cml bath vanities, service to the building contractor 927 /8)o 

Carpentry 

T T n W f T r f n r r r Y i e i r r o ^ n E s from Roofing to Foundation No Joe 
Too S m a ll' Free E st 
Ail Work 
Guar r>V 5o24 
K T W e & g i l f W i f f t v f l f l B l t 
ALSO RO O FIN G . P A IN T IN G . SA- 
T ISI ACTIO N G U A R A N T E E D NO 
JOB t o o SM A LL *6o-55/3. 
' inside or dots We pointing, ba'fti- roo rn fleer repairs, also any rar pantry work. 
Free- estimates 
659 1679 

C h ild c a r e 

11n a in my 
Northeast 
Hom e. 7 6 
*2o 
Wk. 
Bcibv sil 
Wk days. 
65/ 412o 

 c h Tl o c a r I 
*55-9778 
£ hi Jdi. ai e , hom e se tting, "near 
Evers, qualified 
Mother t»aeher 
OBI Djin 

Dirt-Sand-Gravel-Fill-Topsoil 

A c t io n d T T pT P T T T C T T T ? ? 
M O N EY . 534 294/anytime 923 6864 
Belgian G arde ns topsoil fertile, weedless, no rocks, also Sand lop son mix. Cow m anure available 
4359229, 433 1489 

 d TrT o r AV E L S A N D O R LOAM 
B A IL E Y 
*58 3787 
H a y tvr/topsoil Land'Or m,** Loom 
Hendrix Delivered 341-2449 t o p s a i l s a K b " 8 B a i; e l 
92? 1355, Saturdays and Sundays 

Fire « BSQ Wood 

 d T o r T 
— r n m m a 
____________ 838-7*47 
PVftt w o o d i 
C 6 ft6 , 
D E L IV E R E D 696-128/ 
Hgg»d6ft 

T S S 

^ * r ellen) ►oil Pick 
Delivered Stacked $35 
U p Load 
696 2934 y r r C n ^ g B 
Ir^ .-k Load 
Delivery Available Coll 684 59o3 
SIO. TBUNK LOAD 
Firewood, 1o3o Vonce Jackson Rd 

 rorpet Sales I Service 

A I wee cle a n in g spec 
Livin g 
Room Dining Room $22 SO 9xl| 
Loose 
Rues 
$1o 5o 
22/ 198*, 
225 83o3 

F o u n d a tio n s 

 nr c v u t u a ^ 'm w 
'B n . 'a u 
R E P A IR S Alto Sm all Carpentry 
Work 
AII work Guar 
Free Est. 
92/ $o24 
A L L T Y P iS F O U N O A T I6 N----- 
All Home Repairs 
All Work Guaranteed IO yrs Ix p . 
822-171$ anytime $34-411o. 
H O U SE L E V E L IN G 
THE IR IS H M A N 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
Note: Never toke th* first si ice) 
333-6o51 or 
738-7511 
P E I I A B LE M A N Tb DO F O U h 
D A T IO N R E P A IR S A N O M O U SE 
L E V E L IN G Satisfaction auaron teed No lob to small. Coll *$*-$571. 

Health & Physical Therapy 

" " " ■ T J B R S M t V h e r a p y 
M S V A L E N Z U L A ■ 73*-o4!1 
6verweight> We con Help No F *- ercise, Diets, M eetings, D ru gs, 
1oo%JNatural NaturSiim 661 6419. 

Handyman 

731 o532 
H A N D Y M AN 
349Qo12 
H A k D Y M A A i d e n e r a l 
H o m e 
Repair, Carpentry Work. Painting, 
Reasonable Rates. Free Est Con 
736o/36 

Heating 

W rS S n o E fe T W n ilo w '^ n T ro r'T e o r mg. plumbing J44 7572 735 1347 

Hauling & Moving 

 m r r g T T r r o C T T w in 1" W S T 
Anyihmg 494 $oo5 
H TuLIN ^ r N D 'DijNiPtN G .... 
Have 2 ' ton trucks 533 1142. 
M O V iN d r Let Us Help We Move 
One Item or House Full. Ceti Any­ time *59-1879 Converse 

Home Improvements 
Maintenance 

“TRJfffTY Alib B<iwNipouT$" 
Do repmrs on oil types of gutters and d o * n sp o u ts 
F R E E 
E S 
T IM A T ES 4J3 2125 
N e * Roof ana Roof Repairs a) AU k in d s B A R t L t IT H O M E M A IN r fN A N C E CO 699 o514. 

Janitorial Service 

W trr8 d ?n s ic f?o r7 ?u 1 v 3 T T F ^ once ai 
Reasonable 
F"-,tev 
*23 3142 

Landscaping 

WfiVVl KHWT6? u w m 
T R E E S FOR 
I 392 $3*1. 
SA LE. I 8/5-9o28 or 

Mildew Removing 

 n m n 
, q r w r A U B " t o t o 
W ASHING We Remove M id#* ana 
Dirt Before Painting 344-75/2 Free 
Estimates 

Painting, Papering 
Plastering 

T n l h o n r 'S d y c l o ^ a m H ^ tor. Free Est Int Ext. 734 /846 
Atar nor dis Reliable Estim ates on 
PainNng-Paperhanging, Sheetrock. 
W indow G la s s R e o a irs Budget 
Terms 1*12 S Hackberry 533-/149 
P a in tin g and re p airs, bon de J, licensed, work guaranteed 675-o219 
Pointing, in t e r io r E x te r io r , Also 
Paper hanging Free Est 735 21o1 
P ap e rin g, (/dinting, Pan elin g, Sheet 
Rock Renoir Londry 735-653o 
P L A S T E R IN G ti n ic h in g stucco work. Free Est Mr. Lopez. 433 9787. 

Plumbing 

V iA d o gT T T ie o n ^ o o gg e ^ d r^ Jm s ond sewers best plumbing repair too. One con dees it oil, prices before we start Seven dors a wee* 
Coli anytime 341 6124 or the white pages tor a Aauqer 
I c V8U Mf irrA-KUMBgr r - 
>24 o791 j A Jen-do Phimb'i'u l o ond Sew mg Rooting, 736 5444 
M aster Plum ber With Low Over head 
$8.5ohr 
Lie and 
Bonded 
653-3422 

Radio Installations 

S H E E T R O C K 

T a p in g F lo a tin g T e * tone and 
A c o u s tic a l R e a s o n a b le . 534 oo68 

Tree Sot vie* 

T T T E T f e T R IM M IN G , T o r KS 
CUT T R IM M E D H A U L E D AW AY t rte Est. Reliable Men 
532 868/ 
53? 184/ 
T R E E S Cut Trimmed Hauled F 
E s' JE SS IE 43? 7/58 432 SC/* 
T r e e s c u r t r i m m e d 
RenobK 
Hauled 
69* o8o8 
Free 
Est 
736 JO*? 

TR EE S, H E D Q C i. Cut-Trim MoSi' 
W IL 7-3? ISI 3 r OLK 5 69* oo96 

TV Repair$-Rentat$ 

 rrfMjesT 
"3 o v? 
Honest low p rices 924 o796 

YARD WQRK 

Beds, I igbt Haul. General cleaning 
226-M6!. 

$15 And up CB S car stereos auto a forms 735 I *$4 
.... 
Remodeling 

 c T t t o t 
J i M ' n 
R e m o d e lin g D e sig n e r S e rv ic e 
824 '688 or 826 o/94 

R o o tin g 

 righ t the first tim e N ew roots root re p a irs of a il type* 
F re e est 
65$ 1o39 
____________ 
ROOF ING, Painting, or fienergi 
Contracting Sm all or large lob 
Fr*e Estimates 333-1oo5. _______ 

S e w in g M a c h in e 
R e p a ir s -S e r v ic e 

?*?o H 5 M e e 7 Y e p o H ^ T *rv T ^ r 
Makes F rte in shop estimate*, 
3523 West Ave,. 344 TAZI 
TTT 

Law n s, Cut T rim m e d E d g e d 
Lea yes Vacuumed 
Coll Anytime 
513-9435 
T s m 
. AW NS 
IO L L f GE 
' 
I a K H T 
ST U O E N T c a l l 

I T 
NG 
T P i J. 
VA R O A O R k , R E A 

 l h o m o v in g d r h a i L T 
» A R D W OR* 
( A l l i j j 

I iv I M M I NG 
S O N A B lF J 
X I 

 y S ¥ 5 w o r k t r e e t r i m 'm Tn g 
F E R T IL IZ IN G . Sp ra y in g for in sects. Reasonable prices *23 3142 
Want 
Ads 

CALL 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

FOH ITEMS 
P 
E R 
S 
O 
N 
- T O 
- P 
£ 
R 
S 
O 
N 
W 
A 
N 
T 
A 
D 
S 
OH1JESS (ONLY) 
FOR NON4:OMMEKC:L4L ADVERTISERS — HOUSEHOLD ITEMS ONLY 

TWO LINES- 
5 DAYS EXPRESS 
5 DAYS NEW S 

73? PfflWI TA PERSON 
All Cam Bedroom set. Gun Lupin 
Cts. Tables, 4 flax (hairs, 6 Magh ugny (h a irs Huh I 
‘ iJ / 4’ 1 
A Q U A R IU M * 5 H T G alion * Fish and Equipment Can *$4 49oo 
A R C H E R Y equipment, golf shoes end gait bug 344 332o 
B A B Y - Clothes sizes n tent 2yr*. 
M y household items 656 49*1 

B o rre l Bock b ly le c h o irs g a la prix fide. Peacock glue Good < ana 
»45 eo French Provincial end table 
$>u French P re * m< tat cult se facie 
$5o »28 j 852 828 4515 

 fie1!}, 5 m g si/e faun i* o 'trtS *. ti anre boards, $4o J49 9497 
B i'D R O O M Vet", w nite 
Rec liner 
Quid veivel Con 34* 2795 
__ ___ 
Beiroem 'iuTte.' d re sse r rn e si. 
N ight M u i.ij A il A q v t 43? 7937 xrghi 
I t LL 
(lf LL ond M G A ! I L Super 8 movie put tw, complete. Pics uo beet fool hoi *53 122/ 
AtOCk nod white iv L,.i-beo'm i"ixe"r pri pomtirsg*. set or *y la&iet, i mir for dresser, old Sty mg room table 
97 J 1o/3 

Bo okcases, ta m p s, N a u ga h y d e 
Couch Recliner. Chrome a -u Gias* 
'ut,., r.5* 3219 
Bridal Gown size 8 9 veil and C town ai".) ttu. a v ' n j in C an aie iigh t 
O riginally Cost $jso $eii Ail tor 
5 125 M4 9o34 

 b u n k beds c condition si so 
Jmpiei* 
534(14;? 
E accite"! 

Comera, Canon P T S 
$125. Coil 
344 14o? 
C A M P E R Top v e ry N ice B efo re it 
AM i i i ' l o b 
_______________ 
Cleaning Out J Ie**? 5uieT™ M ens 
Slats», 
Womens 
Clothe;. 
Misc. 
344 3611 
C old spot Ref r igeruktr AyocadqT9 
Co Ft Frost Fie* w ith Ice Maker 
I , . elif ■, I ( cmd Il ion 349 o59o 
Collector* plates torge von efy 
[jute plates arui 
’ fir 
C (.Hector s I'-.of*- "iv/? Ber Im De- gi 
Christmas Plate *35 Firm 734 94/s 
Utter april 
C O L L E C T O R W A N 'S G e rm an 
Military items World War I Odd it 
»55 384 I 

COLOR TV 75 ’ Console *135 th a, , and W hile 19' 
Zenith F g rlq b le 
$37 5o. Color ?$’ Sylvan ia enc i m a 733 #762 

C o lo r TV An 
545 r'li 449/ 
"no $25 G as Heater 

CO LO R TV 
I xcgli eat lo noilior 
5'"J IJJ 4225 
21" i o'lsine Zenith color I v good pi. li re 
H e a v y D u ty v a c u u m 
»tr.me, 
, tnock and 
Decker, 
112 8538 
COUCH Matching chair Recliner, end fable, on conditioner sis# 
333-o)52 
D E A R B O R N *o ooo BTU, therm o* tar 3 speed blower equip to, I P butane or n a tu ra l gas 5*5o Other herders 734 61)2 /35 7o37 

Dinette Set, J end louies, cotter table w ashe r d ryer 
J 
|o * „ mower * I sewing mac hines, I color t v I, J Her y a rd foyn tom a n i aug house 658 *528 

Dinette Table. Butcher Top L ilt 
N e * 5 I* /3V641J pTnifig'Boom Set / pc 
$7o T*Tr 
Bed, 
Springs, 
Mattress 
$iu 
>4.- 8Z2j 
Dual 
, 4 T yr m ode with new lo t triage In quod cond 545 734 94 1o 
E a n y Amer ir an Twin Bed Com piefe 55o Carty Amer « an Green v/to 165 blow n Swivel Rocker $4o 
Ootid Condition *55 1-1/8 

Earle American Couth and Choir 
5'5 Boer PIQ,Pen 52-3 6:,3 /6V, 
F L O O R I A Y E R S ! I, 18 in du e sunder ll 5o I Moor tile cutter, $35, 
431-6719. 
_______ 
_______ 
FLU T E Yumoho 24N I year* old, with guarantee Call, 655 19*4 
F R »Q I P A , R I " S ta c k e d Woe her 
Dryer Mary#*! Gold Less Than I# mo old aher * con 82* I 7*5 
G A R A G E SALL 
T ues F rI 1*4)9 
.. ea^e Troll 494 n n 
G E Reftigeroter. *25, Sunray Go* 
Pong# $2o both in m u d working coi’d 273 ) 564 
_______ 
Gibson Melody M aker With Srioiler 
Mochme Fram es Bert Thin Line 
Electric and 2 Japanese Electric 
673 34o3. 

Gold Velvet Soto I ti SBO, OU White velvet With Gold Trim Chairs. $*o each Lamp Table $jo, br us:. Lam # 
$15, Framed Oil Pointing* tor Wail 
Arrangement 433 o82 
GOOD 55 6 af Mer • Drum s Ah 
Need Coll Guys I lo s 97 > 436 I 
GOOO working condition k enmgre wO’.her 
$6o, M aytag dryer llijij 
*96 23*6 
G R E E N C R U SH Veivel igye *e(jf, 
5 Iii 
223 15o4 or 653 7/o5 After 
SPM Mr Trevino 

Green Mo- nine bv M arx, like new, 
^ i $ t i 
H E A T ER , Bunk Bed, 6ld Twin Led. cots Rug-, Baoio pDOf*. ISS /*rj 
H O M E M A D E Bolted Redwood Tm isnea uotio furnitore. tooie 6 full 
Denches $4o, full ped. motif ess, long chest mirror mint stand $75, 
Upholstered beige choir, 
SIS 
684 ?t>3________ _______________ 
J en mugs. Compound bow with e»- 
Arrow Makings. 6/4 26/o lips A 
5 ING*Size bed. never used, See 
C kissi'u «)r-■" meri npndisc M ar' 
Ladle* Coal, beaut tul Im ltallon 
Leopard, while fur, collar, cuff. 
12 14 Holt price. $5o 648 193/ 
M oira Hearing Aid. orig tost $sfiL sell >125 cash Left ear 92/ 362o 
M allo ry D u al Point Distributor 
Like new $1$, *5# 756. 
Maple Woad D ining Room Table 
A.'h 4 Choirs $1oo 828 2*36 
__ 

M O V IN G 
Desk Mattress, Riding 
Mower, Tem Lamps, Spanish Fur 
"lure t ic. «*38 to st Beverly M ar 
-"6, U_,f 
M O V IN G OUT OF STATE Washer, d rye r, r et I IR#! atar . fu rn itu re water bed and M U C H M O R F 
Wmdwood E state* Boerne area 
I 735 42/4 Tri Sui 
SXntESS-NEW S B t t iiL I B M B S A B S 
• M B t O U K M MART AQS ONLY - 

Oriental Chow Table Rattan Chair, 
Oft onion, Dakota Doms P'o'e Va**, 
Bi ,s* Candlestick. Misc 34" o7JI 
J Oval r u g s " $1o'and $25 Childs record player, *7 Childs bicycle, $6 
Chandelier $15 22o Transformer tor tv $15 65/ 1/59 
O V ER 1oo sa ft of Gold Wool Cor- off, by appointment only, 733 o*o* 
P Oho Cover" IO*2o $/5 Cham uShk 
F enc* With Gate 5 ti High $75. Wood 
Skirting 525 *58 1o*4 
4 P in * gold i rush v e lve t couch, spamsh style stereo *96 8238 
Protector: Like New, Honevweil 
63o, 
Previewer 
Extra 
Tray* 
674 267o 
________________ 
RficHoor, LWail Hugger Lik"#*New, 
$/;. 734 78o9 
R E D spanish sofa and love seat 
Soto needs slight repair 
$4o 
5,33 5322 
Rf. t R i o t RA TOR 
F R E E Z E R 
A U T O M A T IC W A S H E R 
Ail work 
,m 'lei " , Reasonable 226 1959 
R elf HH' r atar Got ServeTGood"^ on- 
.111.511 $1oo heme, pus 5i' IVZ 2414- 
Sewmg machine ’ Kenmore P'ertu 
We C k client Condition Muved to 
C Qbiiiet Model $65 347 o/65 
___ 
SOFA, thuir, hutch tubte, end *o 
Pies, nnott hutch *8t J*59 

Soonish Sofa and Chair, Love Sec, 
Chair and O H om an* Cocktail and 
Two Lam p Tables, Sw ag Lom u, 
Rose Window Mirror Wail Table, 
Paintings. Storm Door 32 x/(J”, 
Built In Oven 69* 5o96 

Stet coo horde Console A M f M Radio 
Record Player, 8 Track Player 
432 6651 stere* speakers, EC"i 1255 *, $125 eden 732 4363 826 4933 
T A M P O N A d ap id Matte, 2oomm, 
F3.5 telephoto i#n» interchungab>e 
St R i em System $75 673 841o r iC E V IitG & E "}P portable, Zenith, black unit white, **9 342 o971. 
Tire* and e ltsw i )5x8 78 H, 6 lug 
,^,19j/|>ruck,JforJ73 822 1462 
_ 
Tires, 4 eoch with wheels, 65ox16 c bevy 6 lug 83o 49? 2414 
T RU E TONE 
Color t J?'Sell lur 
$1oo Call 333 565o 
Unused k~,o » C u m ’ugr 
Cost $i$b. 
Will Set! $65 9?3 3/88 
V A C U U M 
C le a n e rs 
H ogver 
Upright, ti»ctrou», E u re ka *2o tilt ti / 14 8865 otter 4PM 
W A LL Heaters, rugs, pads, sin!, tutu I 63o A d rip " 
________ 
W AN TE D 
Dont an Phyfe Lam p table Rtos' nawe. Coli 344 4471 

W onted 
Men 
WHI Put can and F ort 
J *v8 7236 
W A N T E D 
U se ! hospital good cond 732 73)2 
W H ITE French Proyenc.a) D'r-ss lo g Table ana Stool, m atch in g dresser. $3o each Double Bed $2o 
732 <29*. with stand $5o 16 OL 
Buth reconditioned 
ZEN IT H 23 
Porrobie $4o 
VZ 4 CTV* 

M -IB O K k lilS I k lV 

 tv y in g lohi medel refrigerotor*, treerers needing repoir 34) 186$ 
CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy, fed, T>ode, Repon 
H JJ SAN P E D R O 
82* 212/ 
CASM fur yow Used Piano 
324 / Iff or 726-11o2 
D IA M O N D * 
Williams, JU 8/o7 13o E Houston 
• j o e p a y ' s c a s h ; 
" 
For used furniture and work,rig ap plignces 9? j 8942. 92/ 4o45 

M to s s Mince'63 
?8 S, 45 *, L P S 341 Wits 

Refrigerator and stove, 
'ire 'iew 54oo LU 4546 
W A N T ED 
CH) about 14 It 828 
W A N T ED Congo Drum s 
141 t/ B l_________ 

W E B U Y 
Furniture, Apoliohees, Antu 
Estates, Anything at Value one piece ta houseful Cpu 
34? 4755 Anytime 
L u 
WE PAY CASH 
For Good Used Furniture 
MWOETI FURNITURE 
416 Doloroso 
We Poy Cosh Sir RifTki, sho 
Ond Pistol* 736 1/7* 

We Pay More Cash 
For Thai Goad Piano 
Chut you or# not using Please c 
M r Leon al 222 * lil 

For extra cash, tell that outdoor furniture . nowl 

C o ll 225-1666 
% LINES 

6 
D A Y S $Sr 

N O N C O M M !feCIAU 
C A N C rU A fe L f 

W I T H O U T 

H A T t C N A N O i 
QUICK RESULTSI 

o1285982 

ANTIQUES 

ANTIQUES 
D O C 
ANTIQUES 
D O 

ANT IOU E AUCTION 
Coming Sunday. Jan 9. I JO 
Gory s Antique Auction House 
Lockhart,Ty.- Cow 398 37o1 
A N TIQ U E buffet, china cabinet, 
SSOO. firm. 
SCHRANK. 
$175 
6j7 1/59. 

ANTIQUE Eon CLUBS 
Each authentic Hickory shaft 
_ 
_ Hickory shafted golfing iron from the early 19oo era has been beautifully reconditioned individually mounted in handsome 
J3"»12' rough cedar frame, $9o ca. 
653-9732 
ANTIQUES IN MY HOME 
46 square oak table, oak piesofe, walnut wardrobe, walnut bed. oak tern stand, brass lamps, mote old things. 666-1394 

Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Pull, Queen, Kingsize 
SOLID BRASS HEADBOARDS 
824-6925 
3123 Broadway 

BESS’ ANTIQUES 
645o Old Seguin Rd, 641 458? 
BU Y S E LL-APPRAISE 
Best Prices Paid for Antiques 
PH IL WILLBORN 
TOWN & COUNTRY ANTIQUES 
826 2749 
36o9 Broadway 
735 7414 

CHOPPING BLOCK 
Grabo Antiques, 2934 Austin Hwy fo rm a l dining room suite: solid carved oak. rectangular fable, 6 choirs Sft buffet S24oo ??? 2o33 lf you have Antiques. J ew elry , 
D iam onds, 
S te rlin g . 
Gold or 
Oriental Rugs to sell, you'll gel the 
Best Price from San Antonio's Fin­ est Shop 
Regency Antiques 
Mrs. Brenner. 822 544o, 342 5o73 

Marbletop Table 
Punched Tin Piesafe 
Student Lamp 
ANTIQUE COTTAGE, 5o8 Dalles 
OAK 
R o ll 
Top 
Desk, 
C lock, 
Dressers, Tiffany lamp 18*o, Oval 
Tilt Top Table 185o. Colonies North 
Moll 3719 B Colony Dr. 

OPA’S ANTIQUES 
22o3 S. Hackberry 
ORIENTAL till top table, block lac quered with Mother of Pearl inlay. 
GERMAN sideboard. Iona leaf vel low pine, beveled glass doors. 
Daughtry Antiques, 684 o344 
PHIL MORAN, 734-5668 
APPRAISE BUY SELL 
LICENSED ESTATE 
LIQUIDATOR R EFER ENCES 

Q U E E N ’S ANTIQUES 
28o9 Fredericksburg 
Hours: 9 5 
Show-Sell-Deoler Spoce Available 
First Southwest H eritage Show 
Convention Center. January 14 16th. 
Also shows In Dallas. Brownsville, 
Victoria and Wonderland Mall. All bootns 51oo. Contact Mr. Chavez, 
732-8377 
SOFA, Chair, coffee table. French 
Provincial, $25o. Cherry Mahogany dining room set w ith b u ffe tt. 
222-5336. After 5PM 661 8136. 

SUNSHINE 
R e s ilv e rin g & B eve lin g 
‘ 
735-3191 
947 Ashby 
THE 
Different Drummer 
Antlques-Accessories-Collectable* 
1o2o TOWNSEND, 826-3764 
_______ ALAMO HEIGHTS 
To Sell your Antiques 
ONE ANO ALL 
Here's the number tor you to call: 
633-26oo. 633-o34o (cash paid) 
JIM LISTER 
Two old stained glass windows. 
32x92, $5oo each. Vestment chest, 
I2'x9’x2' i', $75o, 226 2815. 

(M U S K A IMST«WHHtOL72o) 
(M U S K A IH S I» U M IH IS )(7 2 ()) 

DACBERT’S YEAR 
END CLEARANCE 

N e w and Used O rgans 

Used organs famous brands: low rey, Hammond, Kimball, 
Wurlitzer as low a s .......................................................... 
$ 1 4 9 .5 o 
New Thomas Kombo Organ Reg. 
— Closeout al $ 5 9 8 
N ew Kimball 8 o , Reg. 
Sole $ 8 6 3 
New Spinet Pianos from $ 6 9 8 . 

A few used Upright at $ 2 9 8 as is. Plus mony other piano and organ values. 
DACBERT’S Music Plaza 
N O R T H — 5 2 3 5 W o b u r n R d . 
6 5 4 - 6 6 6 1 
S O U T H — 1 4 o o N o g a H t o i 
2 2 3 - 6 1 5 1 

C 
AUCTION SAU 
3^34} 
( 
AUCTION SAL! DGS) 

L 
- l - Q 
- U 
- l - D 
- A 
- T 
- l - N 
- G 
A T 
Public Auction 
DISTRESSED A N D CLOSE-OUT MERCHANDISE 

PLASTICS COMPANY 
NfW OFFICE FURNITURE 
AUTO PARTS 
AUTO AIR CONDITIONING PARTS 
GE and TRUTTONF APPLIANCES 
1orOO A M ., Monday, Jomnory 3 
Judging Arona, Jo# Frooman CoA&ovfir, San Antonio, Tok. 

AIR CONDITIONING PARTS: Economic vacuum pumpi, seal kits, receiver dryers, fon clutches, pressure guages, freon dispensers, manifold guage sets, Flush { (leon, took, damps, leak testers, vacuum pump oil 

AUTO PARTS: Exxon ignition parts, ports cabinets, tire patches, patch kits, hand took, wheel weights, spork plugs, battery coble kits, brake ports, shocks, gos cops, mufflers, wiper Modes, air filters, ignition cable, starters, water pumps, heodlomps. 

PLASTIC, PLEXIGLAS, SUPPLIES I EQUIPMENT: lorge Lots—4*8 plexiglas sheets and panek, plastic hose and tubing, tape, garbage bags, polyethelene tarps, pool covers, large gos oven, oxygen bottle and guages, two fire extinguishers, counters, supplies and displays, plexiglas tobies, boxes. 

APPLIANCES: GE hair dryers, stylers, speed setters, percolators, electric irons, elec­ tronic calculators, sentry timers, not lather machines, digital docks, radios and tape recorders, two TRUETONE televisions, stereos, vacuum cleaners, carpel shampooers. 

OFFICE FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT: 7 metal executive desks, steno chairs, genuine leather dub choirs, chrome and white oak arm chairs, stack chairs, coffee tables, table lamps, counters, PAYMASTER check protector, two key machines with blanks, pedestal electric fans, three electric copiers. Conqueror paper folder. 

MISCELLANEOUS: Gasoline lawn mower, 2-wheel dolly, nylon rope, toys, sleeping bag, 5' and 8' ladders, camper cover for 'AT pickup, portable electric mortar mixer 

15' National Fiberglass tri-bull boot w/65hp Evinrude motor 
19/4 Plymouth Satellite, v-8 automatic, 4-door 
197o Dodgo Vk-ton pickup 

MUMY MORI mjMtllUUJII IVUYTHIMQ MUST Bl SOLOIIIIII 
O P E N PO R IN S P E C T IO N : 
9 : o o A A A ., M o n d a y , J a n . 3 u n t il t im e o f M ila 
JOHN JONES 
A u c tio n e e r-T x G C -7 6 -o o 2 9 
J. KAHN I ASSOC., Inc. 512-342-4822 
5o96 Blanco Rd., 
San Antonio, Texas 78216 

P lan n ing a n A u ctio n ? ? C o n s id e r o u r R e p u ta tio n ll 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I 1977 

A-HALE TRAILERS 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New and Used; for Sale or Rent 
Also feed Barrels with Lids 
SLIMP OIL CO Off IH 37 
533-5151 6o4 Carolina nites 344-7215 
PP A LO O S A G E L D IN G 5 yrs. 
Beautiful and gentle but requires 
Experienced rider $375 firm. Con deliver. 1-379-7888. 
BABY Calves $3o-55o. Gross Calves 
$6o-811o. Cow, coif $25o. 922-8449 
B A R G A IN : Sudan Hay in B arn 
$1 4o bale, 624-28S4 
B E A U T IF U L Bay yearlin g stud colt. Exc. quarter horse blood line 
Halter broken. $25o 698 1444, atter 
6PM 
Blackish Brown Mare, 9 yrs. Gentle but Spirited, 14 hands. 342 4653. 
BRUSH CLEARING piling, burning and cedar pushing. Fence right of ways, ranch roads, gully washes, water ways, stock tanks and te r­ racing Coll J R Sanders. 922 oo18. 

DOGS— PETS 

C 
DOO—m s 
) ( m ) 
£ 

CANE HAY in Barn, $5o a Ton. 
Johnson 
G ross 
H ay 
(a lta ite flavored) $5o a Ton. Jock Minney. 
Quemado. <15o miles S W of San 
Antonio) T-757-1329. 
CLEAN Fertilized Coastal hay at 
$1.5o por bale in barn. 393 6o27. 
Floresville 
DUNN GELDING, roping and gen tie, HOO lbs. 87oo 649 1217. 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS .. 
Place Your 
P et Ad Today! 
Call 
Miss M o ore 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 

I ti# 

AKC W IEM A RANFR Puppies, 
Reduced 492 15o2 

FELPS HORSE. STOCK 
AND OOOSENECK TRAILERS 
Soles, Service, Repairs, and T railer 
Rentals, 443o Hwy 9o East (S. W W 
White Rd.) 333 1611. 

AKC YORKIE PUPS. Stud Service 
735-6851. 734-273o 
FE R TILIZE D COASTAL HAY 
4ooo Bales. I 569-4o73, I 742-3742 

Beautiful Black Great Done P uds, 
AKC Req 494-2525, 653-3775 
F E R T IL IZ E D SUDAN HAY. deliver 684-1873. 

BLACK LAB pups, AKC, 2 females, 
2 males. Field trial champs In ped! gree 81oo $125. 822 9929 
BLACK Lab 5 wk old fem ale, no papers $25. 344 8123 

A A AKC SHIH TZU PUPS 
M oles, Females. Shots. 342-7o3o 
Adorable AKC Poodle Puppies 

Adorable Maltese femole puppies. 6 wks Old $75 349 7697 
AFGHAN 8 weeks, 
742-3o6o. 

 c o d is t JIWUIY D O 

S.A.'s LARGEST 
VOLUME DEALER 
IS BUYING t SELLING 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
U .S. SILVER C O IN S 
. 
(CAU FOS DAUT MHCtS) 
4o% SUVER 
KENNEDY HALVES 1965-7o 
(CAU FOR DAILY PRICES) 
Confidential Cash Payment 
U S. i Foreign Gold coins for in­ flation hedging, (fxpeit advice) 
P A Y IN G T O P ,O O U A R 
FOR CLASS R IN G S 
& DENTA L G O LD 

S e llin g Q u a lity 
* J e w e lry * 
A t W h o le s a le P rices 
(Dealers Invited) 
I as. to IOO es. .99o 
PURI SILVER BARS 
Buying A Selling RARE COINS ond coin collections — U.S. & foreign — U.S. Silver Dollars 
Poying S3 SO ond up. 
Wartime Silver Nickels 
Silver Nickels, Anything Gold or Silver — Jewelry, Dia­ monds, Platinum, Watches, 
Sterling Silverware Antiques. 
Etc. 
(Highest Prices Paid) 
RARE PAPER MONEY A Mes 
KOR, Conedibn A Silver coms from any country — Gold coins from any country 
CUSTOM Designed Gold cam jewelry. 
AUTHENTIC INDIAN if WHR Y 
SAVE TIME— CALL USI) 
For Pro#«6$*onol Service 
Riverside Coin Co. 
4 3 1 E. C o m m e rc e 
Ry CH- River 
735-4963 
725-6981, 378-1996 
Please Call Or Writ- Ear 
HUI Pre mi win Cam 
Buying lite 

 i i . n a a m 
. g g 
E 

SAVE TO Si OFF 
ALL BRANDS 
OLMOS MUSIC CO. 

•AKC AFGHANS* 
Severol Colors, 344 728o att 6 p rn. 

AKC 

41o N MAIN 
AKC Black Lab Retriever Puppies, 
Reg 648 o835____________________ 
Unredeemed Musical Instruments 
American Loon Co., 227-8572 
AKC BLACK LA B R A D O R Pups champion lines 826-3393.__________ 

726 • NURSERIES 
SUPPLIES 
& GARDEN 
AKC BLACK LABARADOR Pups 
Champion lines 826-3393 ___ 

GREENHOUSE Sale Extend, 8x6, 
8x12 Terms, tree delivery 924-5oo3 

73o MACHINERY ANO TOOLS 
C A TE R P ILLA R DOZER D 5 For 
Sale. Like new, only 12oo hours. 
Call I 713-488 4484 
Coleman I ug, 4 wheel drive. 4 wheel steering, Air Brokes. 927 4561 
CRAINS FOR SALE 
8 wrier must sell 16 rubber tired rains, excellent condition, 15 ton to 
9o ton 45 ft boon:, 2o tt lib to 2oo ft boom. SO tt. lib $28 5oo to $199,ooo 
Special discount to buyer prior to 
Jon. I, 1977. Coll Miami Collect, Mr 
Jones 3o5 6 3 5 / 3o) 
69 Dodge Tradesmen Van. Runs, needs motor work $75o. 649 2298 att. 
J pm 
D ra g lin e tor sale. H eavy D uly 
Bucyrus 3o-B. Like new, only 1ooo hours. 6o Ft Boom, I 1 > yard bucket. 
Call 1-7134884484 
555o FORD LOADER ANO BACK 
HOE 
F o rd D iesel L oader and 
Backhoe Excellent Cond $11,995, 
THE TORGERSON CO. 
533-5148, 739 Steves 
FRONT END LOADER 
HD 6G with ripper, exc cond 
512 438 74oo_________ 
15oo G A I f uel Bed 
4 com part meats, complete with pump and hoses ready to mount on truck 58oo or best otter 484 3732 
Galvanized double sink on leos with dram and foucel Davis T 78 track ditcher, frozen engine as is Bond sow Oliver wood lathe, 6 bed. oil tools 
Airless point sprayer, 
656-o*87______________________ 
3 Ganq Jacobson Bittier Mower 
$9oo 
824-6531 

719 CAMERA PHOTO [QUIP 

2 KA LA R TV IC TO R 16 mm sound movie protectors, new cond, hardly used. Perfect tor school or church 
Cost SHOO new will take best otter 
David Simpson 876 o647__________ 
Mamtva RB 67, with 5o, 9o, 127, 25o mm lenses. 12o and 22o back, 2 auto c«»en lubes, COS fin d er, alum 
• ase Perfect condition $1595. Tet. 
494 MVI 
MISC Dark Room and photography equipment 735 1787 
YASHICA, Mat Camera and Kodak proiector. 
Make ofter 

/?o MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS 

ORGANS 

Hammond 

Rodgen 

PIANOS 

(w eft 

Coble Hilton 
Kawei 

 ss 
New Prom $495 I 
— 
Used From $195 r 

~ 
425 N. M a in ... 224 5526 ; 
“ 
Wonderland 
. 732-4259 
~ 
North Star . 
344-o248 
S 

I iii i ii ii iu ii HUI i 

PA H , 7'jSB C ra w le r C ran e and dragline Good condition Trode on 
95o or 966 cat loader (5o5) 885 4178, 
Carlsbad, N M. 
______ 
KT RADIAL ARM SAW 
AND BENCH 432 8538 
( I) IO 
South Bend. (I) 16 
South 
Bend lathes 655 4397 653 7216 
SURPLUS 
Hough H4o 1’ ivd Loader Backhoe 
Chicago 365 Rotary air comprettor 
Cot D-7 Crawler Cherry Picker 
F or klifts Trucks-Jeeps 
BRAUBACH Equipment. 736 1659 
USED 
John Deere 31o Loader Backhoe 
John Deere 35o B Crawler Loader 
Parsons 75 Trencher * » $ ’. Miller 
Asphalt Drop Box. Quincev 16o O portable Compressor. Quincev Hy aruul'C power unit with tools. Ford 
2*2 diesel engine 
Cooper Equipment Co. 
6314, 
I too rn 54*1 

C 
AUCTION Sa L! D 
O 

NAVARRO RIANO CO. 
N e w Spinet Pianos $795 
Chicktring Baby Grand like new 
Baldwin Baby Grand, like new 
Bl COUNT 
Electronic Organs. Shop with us and tov#. Low overhead 
NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
17o2 N Colored# 
734 -6463 

B A LD W IN OR Stem wov G rand. n u cond For teacher or advanced student 224 5626 
CRITCHETT PIANO CO 
No Time Limit on Rentals 
Rental Purchase Plan 
IVO' VV Woodlawn 
734 4217 
GIBSON Lev Paul recording boss real cond , $456 P rice 
444 22S4 im jtiabie 
HAYNES Flute, like new cond. Best ofter over $75o 5)2 371 524o_______ 
Large Selection at Antique 
P L A Y E R PIANOS 
ED GAIDA % 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO 
N Flores 
733 1546 
ORGANS and PIANOS 
On Sole Thru Christmas 
A la m o M u s ic C e n te r 
425 N Mom 
, , , , 124 5576 
Wonderland 
731 825* 
Noith Slur 
344 6248 
PIANOS RENTED Option lo Buy 
- NO LIM IT E D T IM ! 
DAC BE P T S Music Plaza 
14oo NOGAL! IOS 
223 6151 
Vh 
WALT E M RD 
654 6661 

Telecaster guitar Fender 
$>uo vintage 
Gretsch 
344-1856. 

 case. omp 

AUCTION 
Wed. Jan. 5-1o AM 

MEYER S MEAT MARKET 

1294# I ANCIRA RD 

SAN ANTONIO 

Helotes Shopping Canter 
COMPUTE LIQUIDATION 

I iw64H at Bec iW Bi Mw ewe 

•arkMi| IWW ll* «| pww kl pwu w k(fiw>i MMwt H ill w a n tilt MW 4-4m> rMMk rn WW *Wk rn 

, 1o*11 vMk 
• wrau kwM braw*! MWW HW* 
-nu I W>e> •**•'. MUS MfUW*. fiwwy Mwi.. ug. yrwwwk, (Wet 
UMM. I I raw. I . .. WI MHW* 
I WM. .WW UKW IM*6* bi i-ra. 
■RHI MW. IWS IWS*. WW MMM* 

INSPECTION I AM Day af Safe 

Complete payment day af sofa, checks accepted with proper 
1.o. 

J. Ct HARPER 

AUCTIONIER-AUSTIN 

Tx GC-76-o13B 

517-926-218o 

738 POULTRY RABE1TS 8EES 
RABBITS. Bucks. Does. Bunnies 
Hutches CHEAP! 679 784o 

Champion Sired Welmaraner Pup pies Elmendorf I 393 6754 

534-1655 
CHOW PU PPIES, males, females. 
Red 674 oo41 att 4, weekends 

 shots, wormed. 

Cocker-Spantels, 6 wk old 
AKC 
Shots, Wormed, Variety of Colors 
653-3746 

AKC ADORABLE SAMOYED 
Puppies, reduced. 923-2438 

AKC AFGHANS, Champ. Lines 
653-9684 
AFGHAN'S 
CH. 
LINES. 
______ 699 27o8 

BLOOD 
ENGLISH SPRINGER SPANIELS 
AKC, with papers, 7 wk*, females 
$75, males 81oo. 655 79o5 
FREE 
3 Black Kittens, 2 Unusual 
735 7279, 733-o65o 
Golden R etriever puppies. Thor oughbred. $1oo 
Call atter 6PM, 
826-7443 

AKC BOSTON TE R R IER PUPS 
$125 
Stud Service, 344 8ooo 
AKC Ch sired, W iem aranar Pup pies. 653 74o9____________________ 
AKC DOBERMANS, Black and Tan. 
51oo. 224 863o__________ 

R E Y H O U N O S , fu ll blood, no papers, moles and females Welded 
IO 14 76 end 4 12 76 from $25 to $125 
Coll Rudy 435-357o, 
AKC DOBERMANS 
Male puppies. Ch. bloodlines with complete health records. BAC and 
MC accepted. 649 2o16____________ 

HIM ALA YA N KITTENS Sealpomt, tem 2 mo*. I mole 2 mo*. $7$ ea. 
684-8884 9 a rn. to J p m. 

AKC Doberman Pups, 6 wks 
679-7687 

Im o loyo n M ole k itte n s , cats reducing cattery sole 924 3392 
Hunting Dog pups tor sale Mother u re b re d B lack and Tan coon 
AKC GERMAN SHEPHERD PUPS. mole 
696-8242 

 hound Father Blue Tick Excellent family dogs Gentle with children 
Just weaned 655 8968 

AKC G erm a n S hepherd Pup' 
$45 86o Al Pawelek, I 583 21 13 lri*h Setters, 6 wks Mother reg weaned, reasonable. 674 7245_____ 

AKC GOLDEN RETRIEVER S 
684 3778 
IRISH SETTER. S mos, ternate. $4o 
No papers 681 2116 

AKC Irish Setter, male. yrs. 
337 71o7 
AKC Irish Setter Puppies ropeon Line 575 661 814o 
LABS, REG, Females $85. M ale* 
51oo 342 o83o 

AKC Lob Retriever Puppies 
655 o627 
Mole Dochschund Long haired, 3 rs old AKC $35 674 21o9 

AKC Lhasa Apso Puppy, female, shots, 5125 FIRM 49J 7324 
AKC Min Schnauzers 
681 3693 atter 6 weekday; 
AKC Poodle Puppies Toy. blacks, silvers whites $75 51oo 69V o153 ■ 
AKC Reg Afghan Pups, show quod tv 435 3o88, 433 4831_____________ 
AKC 
Reg G olden 
698 2214 atter 6 p m 
R e tria v e rs , 

AKC Reg. Irish Setter Pups. $95 co 
828 8484 ext 265 Bey D aily. Wee 
Sends 698 2476 
AKC Reg Min Schnauzer Puppies 
686-5384 
AKC SCOTTY pup. male, $12 
699 o353___________________ 
AKC S H E L T lt (min Collie) mole shots. 684 5o57 
AKC ST Bt RNARD l^ups $125 anc up 494 2783 
AKC St B ernard Puppies Good markings 6 wks, $125. 512 392 74oo after 5 3o p rn 
AKC Toy Poodle Block Femole I yr old spaded, $1oo 342 185o1 j 
AKC WELSH CORGIS 
Own the m ighty herd e r, the en chanted Corgi. Famous heritage 
Candy of D is n e y ’* 
L ittle Dog 
Lost", P arents both show dogs 
Guaranteed. I 4$) 34o2 
Alamo Dog Obedience Closses 
The Alamo Dog Obedience Club will hold registration for ifs W inter 
Training Classes Sunday, January 
1977 from 2 to 5 P M. at 75S NE 
LOOP Expry. (41o). The ll week course will be offered tor Basic. 
Novice. Advanced Novice. Open and Utility Dogs must be of least 9 months of age ond have proof of rabies vaccination Classes will be held Tuesday evenings, starting 
January 4, 1977 of 7 OO P M Phone 
141 8611 from I JO A M to 5.oo 
P M otter 
5 oo 
P M phone 
224 o993 

(ABM EQUIPMENT 
AND SUPPLIES D© 

PRE SEASON S P EC IA L on New 
Bale Loaders $7$o EWALD FORD 
TRACTOR. IH IO Hwy 46, Seguin. 
T* 379 45*1 
ROCK PICKER, hydraulic control 
HH 23o1 Nogotitos, 534 4711 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
73* Sieves 
___________533-5145 
USED JOHN D E ER E PLANTERS 
AND E Q U IP M E N T. ALSO GOOD 
LATE MODEL USED TRACTORS 
66B-UE8.____________________ ■ 
USED OWATONA Self Propelled 
Windrower. with air conditioned cab. diesel engine $675o 
THE TORGERSON CO 
513 514$, 739 Steves 
WANTED: Small tractor Femurs 
3o or similar with 3PT hook up Mc a bargain 6*8 1667 

8o1 - CAMPERS TRAILERS 

A IR S TRE AM , Older model, very nice, have 2 must sell I 117 MON 
TiCELLO CT 
7*7! 18 BON A~7 AN A I CI tamed S2ooC 
CAMPER like new. 
349 5685 

 kelt 
6*6 798 
| fits FORD I WB mas old 
344 

75 CHEVY * -■ to pickup with 1*75 
Coachman Camper Call 623 4726 after 5p m 
CLOSE OUT SALE 1974 
CAMPING TRAVEL TRAILERS 
K C TRAILERS 
716 WEST AV 
735 3931 
IS Ft Seif contained, excellen t condition, extras 828 5o76 
28 Ft Travel Trailer, self contained! 
Steeps 6, mony extras Like new No calls please, Greentree Village Pk 
Woizem Rd Lot 519 Gulliver Circle] 
197? Mobile Scout travel trailer J* fully self contained, air. tor ae awn mg. tv antenna, spore tire and rack! 
653 9751 or oHer 6, 655 47o4 i r r n r 
7 MontH' oi'a’T i 17 i-T T 5 :;r r r 
Fully equipped, patio doors, twin beds 
Fiesta Troller Pork, Aust 
Hwy 

742 FARM IOUIPMEMT 

 mo s n its 
FORD MODEL IN TRACTOR is 8725 
THE TORGERSON CO 
_______ 533 5145, 739 Sieves 
GOOO SCL ECTION 9N and HH f Ord 
Ti ac tors with new implement-, j/ qs 
S Fores 
I (HP Pomp complete with 82 gallon lunk 651 6228 
JACK P U M P with new 
, h o r - sepowei motor MO. 69$ 1646 
4o1o 4o2o JOHN DEERE 
Ptgtet. 554 471)________ 
POST HOLE D IG G E D .'$5oo Sear* 
Custom riding lawnmower 12oo as is 626 I $65 

PICKUP COVERS 
2171 AUSTIN HWY 
$18 

SMASTAfPROWLER 
STAHMANN TRAILER SALE' 
IH IO, 3 Mi North of Boerne 
IT 2 BOX 127. S A Phone 724 2426 
. t i p i 
SLEEPER CAMPER Trailer $475 
Nice ond clean! 225-6631 ■ 

S T A M M ! 
MYERS TRAILER SALES 
114 KINGSBURY 
SEQUIN, TX 
U s ed~3 5~f l R R 
Trotter 
Harper Motor Ce Cempertond 
■ 24o1 $ W Military 924 5514 u 
T iT rY hWhJTeT TTiJniT 
Harper Motor Co Comperlond 
24o1 S W Military-974 s»l« 
We BU Y A L L Y yg e s of t r a v e l 
Traders Coll M E L. *14 5516 

BORZOI-Russion Wolfhounds 
226-8617 

‘DOG SHOW JAN 9* 
B Match Charity Event 
Entries 8-1o:4Som 
Judging l l :3oam 
Jnxke'-, North Star Parking Lot coll 494 5821 or 69o-84o2 tor details 

GREAT DANES 
Champion sired 1-755 4696 

KITTENS F ret* lo good homo 
733 8946 

M A S T IF F P U P P IE S . AKC reg awn 
A apricot. 
Houston 
713 464-8576 
M IN IA T U R E Poodle. 3 mo old 
‘ liver with Papers S/5. Cothy or 
Buddy Atter 5 pm 828 4195 
M IN. SCHNAUZERS 6 wks 56o 
227 o938, 734 3553 
PART F*eak a Poo Puppies, $5 each 
563 958o 
Poodle puppies, AKC white toys 
Also Border Collies 655 6628 

Toys 
P o o d le s and______ Mins 822 9291 

POODLES 
Toys and miniatures 656 1o86 

Reg. German Shepherd pups, high guoltty Champ bloodline 922 9481 
~ 'ROB CARY KENNELS 
Barding and Training all Breed 
Ohed doss Startmi 
8th 
Jan. 3. 5, and 
Kindergarten Puppy Class I to 4 mos). Basic (6 mo*, and older), Novice ond Open CARYL 
FENNELL, 494-5945________ 
SILKEY TERRIERS 
4*7 3452 
THE IRISH SETTER CLUB will be stoning Obedience and Conf lr mo tlon Classes on Tues, Jan 4. at p m. in Brackenridge Pork 635-8446 
494 6o1o 
Tiny UKC Toy Fox Terriers 
Champion bred. 
Fox 
Terriers 
661-38o7. 
True Mm Dachshund Pups. AKC 
Stud Service 694 158o______ 
WANT AN AKC DOG? 
S A, Dog Breeders Referral Servk will put you In touch with a nearby reputable breeder 494 5945 
WIE MA R ANE R Mule. .8 m o m «C 
Call 652 5725 davy nile I 42o 2442 

R o d e o T< FFIC 

TO PtACE YOUR AD CAIL Ms. MOORE 225-1666 

TS 
S P E C I A L 
H e a r t C o re s C re o s o te 
P res su re T re a te d Posts 
OVSxOH".................$2.8o m ill 
7’«4!S"...................$2.45 each 
•*■4VS"...................$2.8o each 
1x6 rough 
. . 13VS4 Ll. 

SO yd spool 
Corr. Iro n .... 
12' golv stool pates 
. 
14 

$16.95 aa. 
$19.95 eg- 

4' golv. stool gotos..........................$3X95 OO. tom Polos A Com or Posh 
ALL TOP Q UALITY STOCK 
O N I STOP CINTI* 
CAS LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4 6 4 7 ROOSEVELT 
( 3 ) 2 ) 9 2 4 - 8 5 5 6 

Can 

F E R T IL IZ E D C O A S TA L H A Y . 
Stored In shed. $1.75 a bale 
533-5145. AHer 6 and weekends call 
677 817o. 
____ 
Four Horse Gooseneck 
Factory built tro lle r, excellent cond., all lights, mots, elec. brakes. 7 Tone paint Tack compartment. Can be seen at 18o9 S. -W 
M ilitary Dr. 
927 6231. 
____ 
GENTLE 18 mo. old coll. ready to train, 
51oo. 
Days 
652 5725, nile 
42o 2442. 
Good Johnson Grass Hay, SI 25 bale. 624-2565; 624 2248. 
HAY Delivered 
I 68 5 3361, I 997 3767 
HAY FOR SALE SI 25 
655 6287 
HAY FOR SALE No. I Fertilized 
Coastal in born, oft 
7 pm . 
I 947 3665. 

H. & K. AUCTION 
LIQUIDATORS 
Auction anything, anywhere, any­ time In the U S. OR CANADA 
We buy or liquidate estates or bu­ sinesses. CALL US: 
333 9242 
222-o4o3 
333 6598 
FLOYD HALL 
Auctioneer, TxGC-76-o268 

Horse stable NW side, Huebner Rd between Babcock and Fredericks burg Clean stalls with riding area, 
575. mo , with mule feed ond coastal hay $3o. Mo. it you provide teed. 
696 8oo6 

JOHNSON dross and Hegarl tor 
Sale. $1.2$ per bale. Coll mornings and weekends, 623 2745 
JOHNSON Grass Hay in barn, $1 OO 
Coll days 652 5775. nile I 42o 2442. 

CHRISTIAN 
Mrs. Ruth Cornelia Christian, age 
82, et Route 7, Box 214, San Antonio, 
Texas, passed away Dec. 31, 1976, in a local hospital. M rs. Christian, born in Big Foot, Texas, w o* a m em ber of S outhside B aptist 
Church. Survivor* Sons, Donald F 
C hristian. Joe Clifton C h ristie* both of San Antonio and Stanley 
Willis Christian of Austin; doughier, 
Mrs. Barbara Ellen Johnson of San 
Antonio; 21 grandchildren; 4! great g ran d ch ild ren ; six g re a t-g re a t grandchildren. Funeral services. 
2 oo p rn. Monday. Southside Fun­ eral Home Chapel, with Rev. Roy 
Merz officiating interment, Mission 
Burial Park DIRECTION OF 

63o1 S Floras 
*2 2 -6 1 1 * 

CRAWFORD 
- w 
Mr. David Lee Crawford, age 14, of 
35o East Ackord Place, San Anton­ io, Texas, passed away Dec. 29, 1*76 in Uvolde, Texas. David, a lifetime resident of San Antonio, was an 8th 
G rade Student at T e rre ll W ells 
Middle School and a m ember ol 
H arlandale Baptist Church. Sur­ vivors: Parents, Mr and Mrs. Don­ ald R. Crawford, Jr.; sister. Miss 
Brenda Kay Crawford, all of San 
Antonio, paternal grandparents, 
Mr. ond Mrs. Raymond L. Craw­ ford of Start!Ville; paternal great great grandm other. Mrs. Em m a 
Crawford of Devine Funeral ser­ vices, 2:oo p m. S aturday, H a r­ landale Baptist C hurch, 5o2 E 
Southcross, with Rev. Bill Myers and Rev. Neat Klbbe. officiating 
Interment Cover Cemetery. Direc­ tion of 

INGLE 
Mr. Rudy M. Ingle, of 219 Howth orne, passed away Dec SO, 1976 in a local hospital cl Hie age of $o years. 
Survivors 
Sisters, Beatrice Ingle and Mrs. Steve (Angie) Sanchez; niece, Mrs. Robert (Arteen) Perez, grand nephew. Robert Steven Pe ret. Rosary will be recited I: OO p m 
Sunday at Brookehlll Chapel. Fu­ neral procession wilt depart 
Bokehlll Chapel at 9'4S a rn Mon day tor a IO OO a rn. Mass at St 
Leo's Catholic Church. Interm ent will follow in Son Fernando No. 2 
Cemetery Arrangements with 

H r a a k t b i l l t i t S. E Military Dr 
923 7513 

K O O LE RY 
Mrs. Lillie R 
Koolerv. of 536 W 
Hermosa, died Dec. JO. Resident of 
San Antonio 57 years, member of 
I Catholic Church Survivors 
Hus- 
I band, Albert F. Koolery, Son An 
< tonlo, step sons. R 
B Daniel Jr , 
Arthur Leonard Daniel, both of San 
Antonio; sisters. M rs Mabel F 
K endrick, Pontiac. M ich ., M rs 
B ernice VV. Crow, Woco, Tex I severol nieces ond nephews. Ro sary w ill be re c ite d 7 JO p rn 
Sunday, Jan. 2, Roy Akers Funeral 
Chapels, Dr Sean Burke officiating. 
Mass 14$ p.m. Monday, Jan. 3, St 
Joseph's Catholic Church Down town, with Rev. John Wagner, Cele­ brant Interment Ft. Sam Houston 
Notional Cemetery 

6 outfc*tfce 
(LIOI S Horae 
♦11-433 

Macdona Auction Sale 
Every Sat 12 Noon, oil kinds (attle, sheep, goats, horses. 12 ml. S W 
S A. Form Rd. 2173, Macdona. Tx 
M ILE Y 4 Horse Gooseneck Trailer, 
$1ooo 684 1473. 
2 M ILK NANNY S 
$4o EACH *33 oo29 
NUBIAN Billy, 
342 o22o 
IO months old, $45. 

Q U A L IT Y H A Y. Sudan. No rain damage. $1 4o bale over IOO bales 
$1.3o in born I 589 2493. 
REG H A LF A R A B IA N M are 
6 yrs. Western and some Eng. $5oo. 
735 5752 
REG Polled Hereford, Bulls and 
Heifers, Y earlings. Reasonable 
K R A F T P O L L E D H E R EOR DS, 
I 625 1918; I 379-447* 
Reg. young P o lled H e re fo rd s . 
Heifer and 
Bulls. 
341 76o1; 

SALE ON HORSES 
16 to select from, Roping, Ranch, 
Pleasure, Show 
A A A STABLES 
236 Holbrook Rd , 223 7994 
SPECIAL 
14 ti. Open Top Livestock Trailer. 
5935 
HARRIS W ESTERN CENTER 
IH 35 So of Son Antonio 
Lytle, I 772 3634 
S A 6?? 93oo 
8o Springer H e re fo rd Cows. 4o 
Black ond Black Bald face cows, 37 calves. 23 Crossbred cows. 8 caves. 
13 Springer Crossbred cows. 15. 2 yr old Crossbred heifers 
13 H eifer cows ond 2 colves. 78 Y e a rlin g crossbied heifers. Call atter J p m 
512 293 379? 
SUDAN HAY at Wbitsett 786 3167 for Charles Meeks 
I White Saddle, Bridle and M ar- tin yiue between 8-4 653 o121 
Y e a rlin g F illy , h a lte r b ro ke 
Yearling Gelding broke to ride 
Trod# tor Boot, Motor. Cattle etc or sell tor $8oo ea 649 2298 att 7 a rn 

’SS'Skfl* 
MOBILE HOMES 
W 

CRAWFORD 
Mr. Donald Raymond Crawford. II, age is. of 35o East Ackard Place, 
San Antonio, Texas, passed owav 
Dec. 29, 1976 in Uvalde, Texas 
Donald, a lifetime resident of 
San Antonio, was a Sophomore at 
M cC ollum High School and a m em ber of H a rla n d a le B aptist 
Church. Survivors 
Parents, M r, and Mrs. Donold R. Crawford. Jr.; sister, Miss Brenda Kay Crawford, all of San Antonio; paternal grand­ parents, Mr. and Mrs. Raymond 
L. Crawford of Stoneville, pater not great great grandmother. Mrs. 
Emma Crawford of Devine. Funer al services 2 OO p m 
Saturday, 
Harlandale Baptist Church, 5o2 C 
Southcross. with Rev. Bill Myers and Rev Heal Kibbe officiating, interment Cover Cemetery, direc bon of 

“T ^ f l k t A A 

915 No- Main 
226-72o1 

RUIZ 
Mr Paul P Ruts, age 64. of 7So W 
Mayfield Blvd . entered Into rest 
Thursday, Dec. JO, 1976 Survivors: 
W ife. M rs 
M a g d a le n a R u n , 
Slaughters. M ary Loa Williams ot 
Sugarland and A ngelito V e ra , step son, Juan Poblo G utierrez, brothers. Luis P Run and Jose P 
R u n ; sisters, Joseta G u e rra . 
Pledad De Lo R o to and A lice 
Trevino; five grandchildren. Ro sary service will be held Monday evening at 7:1o p m at the Palm 
Heights Chapel. Funeral services will depart Tuesday at * is a m followed bv a Funeral Mass at * 45 a m. at St Clare Catholic Church interment will follow at Fort Sam 
Houston National Cemetery Arran gements with 

"I don't want to hear a song and dance about your attic full of old stuff!" 

Coll 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 * 

Palm Ijriuhtn 

1711 So Zor (am ora 
924 4568 

& o u tfc *tb e 
43o1 $ Floras 
♦22-433 9 

CRAWFORD 
Mr. Olen Earl Crawtord, age 14, of 
Route 2, Box 3 C, Adkins, Texas, passed aw ay D ec. 29, 1976, in 
Uvalde. Texas. Glen, o lifehme re­ sident of San Antonio, was a Fresh man al Eost Central High School ond a m ember of Salem Sayers 
Baptist Church Survivors 
P a ­ rents, M r and M r* 
Jam es 5. 
Crawford, brothers, Jimmy Roy 
Crawford, Donald Wayne Crawtord and Michael Lynn Crawford, alt of 
Adkins; sisters, M rs Sharon Lee 
Bradshaw of Goleta, California and 
Miss Terry Yveilc Crawford of Ad kins; paternal grandparents. Mr and Mrs. Raymond L Crawtord OI 
Startzvllle. Texas; paternal great great grandm other, Mrs. Em m a 
C raw fo rd of D e vin e; m a te rn a l grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Eorl 
Mann of San Antonio Funeral ser vices 2 OO p m 
S aturday, Hor landale B aptist Church, 5o2 E 
Southcross, with Roy. Bill Myers and Rev Nett Kibbe officiating 
Interment, Cover Cemetery Oiroc hon of 

43o1 $ Noras 
♦32-4339 

^ MOHLE M oM I ♦ A iK s ) ( 8 l ! ) 
( M O W U HOME PARKS 

M O B IL E H O M E L O T S F O R SALE 

• S W IM M IN G P O O L 

• C L U B H O U S E 
• T E N N IS C O U R T S 
* 
« 
• P L A Y G R O U N D 

• N .E . S C H O O L S 
• S C H O O L B U S 
SAN PEDRO NORTH 
M O B IL ! H O M ! PARK 
1 6 3 * o SAN PEDRO 

4 9 4 . 4 9 1 I 

GIANOTTI 
Mrs Doris I. Glanottt, 142o Riptide 
St. passed away in a local hospital 
Thursday, Dec JO, 1976 at the age of t i years. Survivors Husband, John 
P. Gianotti; daughter and ton In­ law, Nina and Horrel St 
Clair; doughier, Marlon B. Gianoth; son, 
John A. Gianoth. oh af San Antonio; m other and stepfather, M r. and 
Mrs Fronk Gehrig. Bayside, Tex as; sisters. Lots Bryan, Santa Rosa. 
. Calli . Addle Loo Tomlinson. AUS tin; granddauQhters. Mtchehe and 
Taro St. Clair, City. Funeral ser vices will be held from the Dellcrest 
Chapel Monday, Jan J. 1*77 at * 3o o rn with Roy Jolt D Brown of hoofing Graveside and interment services will be held at 1:96 p rn in 
St. M a ry * C e m e tery, Bayside 
Texas Pallbearers A C. Broun, C 
H. A voy, E m e ry P a lm e r, Joe 
Gonzales, Ouy Rbew and Harold 
Turner, Arrangements with 

B r llr r r a t 
3ooo $ • WMF Whrae Rd 
333-4o43 

V ILLAR REAL 
Mr Crispin B Villarreal, age f6, of 
114 Langford Place, passed away 
Wednesday, Dec 29. 1976 Born in 
San Antonio, M r. Villarreal wos a member of the Catholic Faith He Is survived bv his wile. Mrs Pruden cia V illa rre a l and two brothers, 
Arturo Villarreal ond Louie Villar real, all of San Antonio, severol nieces ond nephews Rosary, 7 JO p m Sunday at the Southside Fun erat Homo Chapel Mass 
I OO p rn 
M onday at St 
Leo s C atho lic 
Church. Interment, San Fernando 
Cemetery Direction ot 

&out!)$a>e 
43o1 $. Mares 
923-4339 

V A V AL A 
Mrs. June M Vavota, 49, 1o322 lone 
Dr , died Dec. JO. 1*76 Member 
Holy Spirit Catholic Church bur vlvor* 
Husband, Flank P Vovoto 
Sr ; daughter, Mrs Robert M. (Po trlcla) Colley. San Antonio; sons, 
Frank P Vovala. Jr , Son Antonio. 
Michael C Vavala. Huntsville, par ems, Mr ond Mrs Fred C whittle, 
Hobson; brother. O J Hooks. Hob son, two grandchildren; numerous nieces ond nephews Rosory 7 3o p rn Sunday, Holy Spirit Catholic 
Church, 758 W Ramsey Rd Mass IO o m Monday Holy Spirit Catholic 
Church, Rev Robert P Kownacki. celebrant P a llb earers 
C harlie 
Brown, Daniel G onial*:, Cary Pe terson. Kenneth Holtsclaw, John 
Daimon, Louis Wemhoimer Honor ary pallbeaiers. Frank P Allen, 
F re d W 
A llen , W ayne O aig le, 
Robert A Coffey. Employes of Allen 
Electric Co., Coaches and Staff of 
Robert G. Colo High School Inter rn eof Holy Cross Cemetery Arron gements by 

Z i/ik -K e a r n s 
Downing MiCtJugh**iy 
D U N Si Ma*y s 
317-31o* 

Y ou’ll be amazed at the bargain* you fin d in the Want Ads! 

Coli 225-1666 

Y o il’U be amazed at the things you can sell with a Want Ad! 

•OATS, MOTORS J ® 
»444444 
4 
A l USED 
A 
4 
BOATS 
I 
♦ 

21 IM P 22S HP IO. Ion It A hot everything 
'6995 ▼ 
A 
22H SOO key 16$ H P Ootv 
A 
T i t Ioodad.................... 729$ T 

W 2 o SeaKoy ISS hp. tandem 
A 
X golv M r 
............ 799$ w 

 l i n t lone Stet 6o Gale Tilt 
, 
A i r .................................. 
1o9$ 

.▼ IIH (Iqin 6$ H P Mere. Tilt 
A i r .................................. 
129$ A 

^ 1 7 ft. Its 
^M oldOO G ol. Ti 
' 995 A t 

Al6ft Bass Boot 3$ H P 
▼fvtnrude (roller ......... 

 c 
MOTOR HOMES 

CHAMPION and TITAN 
RAHMBERG RV CENTER 
*55o251 
2271 AUSTIN HWY. 
EMC Moor Burna Rental 
DAILY and W EEKLY RATES 
PHONE 
641-7212 
6 m c m O t 6 r h o m e f o r r ! n I 
349-4311 
69* o129 
734-9369 
U X U lY M OTO R H O M ES Por 
Rent LOW Rates 454 7661, 6$47119 
Molo 
Home Rentals 
Foully self contained Rates by day or week. 
613-61o8 
2o MOTOR h 6 m E 
$13,8oo value for only $9ooo Like new, steeps 6. mony extras. Owner, 
341-1$42 anytime 
Want f # Buy M otor Heme. Any 
Make Any Made! 454 7661, 656 7119 
T T 
Sic 
17.ooo miles, $1o,ooo 342 7746 

8o4 BOATS, MOTORS 

C o u k 

HIW YEAR'S 

RESOLUTIONS: 

♦ Rill STAY S I (VINEIKM deolet. meet or Boot deals PROVIN service 
(or bonus 
♦ Ne con add dozen alibis why NOT to buy o motofbooi But her* s en* 
GOOO MASON to own a brat 
Th* tumdy ti,oi pcoys I ploys together, 
HATS together 
♦ Buy new, best selection/ ptK* Ploy today a LAYAWAY. Mostetdigige 
K cinches $ for spring/ Mention 
, lucky Texans ge boating MI yew round 
♦ Se* 77 deeds, 76 STkAU; COMA lintels - en - writer sore $ tune, b ossia 
GLAS SMA) TUt$. MGA TY AS, 
RtONMIS, pinto randln a luxurious rn/ true LAMPH TOR, straight bock w wtnHsnrtit*. bug screens, nil 
(•mcroble in seconds 
9 
Insist on written 
1oo% 

19o Sen Roy ISS HP IO O 
399$ 

 lone Slot 
$ Mere Cf lr 
■179$ 

.1 J Silver line 
A t 2o I o Cr Ti 

X l 7 Glospor 
^ 6 $ Mete Cr lr t 
♦ 

)Moie Bras In 
Choose from 
8ooA M to 6 OO P M 

oPIN SAT |-3 P NL 

I 
A 

2195 ^ 

2 1 9 5 ^ 

 c HUNTING A FISHING 

Dove Hunting, 4 or more to a hum mg party Call tor reservation*. 
I 988 234/ Mon thru Sat 
SAM lo 
6PM 
DOVE LEASE Vt OO per person, per day Coll 623 2745 excellent Hunting 3o Ac 
$9oo down payment. $139 16 per mo 
Owner financing available 
Coll 
734 9363 
WANTED hurtling lease Group of 
Son Antonio, business ond Proles sionol men seek year round hunting loose in South Texas, Peter Plumb. 
227 9181 

81o-MOBILE HOMES SALE 
Vim 
15 minutes North ot North Star Mall 
Oak tree*, good soil. Hill Country 
U tilities a v a ila b le $2,195. $195 down, $4o 56 per month tor 5 year*. t x interest ev* JXI* or 342 16o8 
LAKECROFT REAL ESTATE 
A d D A-AO OM , Custom b u ilt size, delivered, terms *2 3 4 346 
J Bedr 

 any 

Irooms, fu rnFshed Washer dryer, dishwasher l l x 65 $6ooo 
696 9546 beryl's Mobil* Home Center 
NEW ond USED 4SI 6*61 
16513 IH 35 NORTH (Selma Exit) 
7 R o 'u g A r KRZ 

$9$ ond lip Y , 

A 

♦ 
♦ 

DONS 
MARINE 
2 9 3 1 R o o s u v c jlt 
9 2 4 - 7 1 8 5 

♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

HOLIDAY MARINA 

HANOUYUP l.btmiov, I 
(HUPPfD bk* branch we MOPPED 
Ih e d H 
Holler $88$ Others lo UBM rote* piepoy rn 
o penalty 

 tohnson 48 hp OM Lkmmoqtr 
BAMI 

BARBERA SPORTS 
It aud way at 4th PAM H U y e morini r •on in SA W l l ' 
. 7,1 6 p m (hun Mete * p rn 

Loke Mc Queen*y. 512 547 6622 
Everyday Except Monday 
Jet Cruisers Tri null alum 
TT/TO 
Mere 
IW B I A k Bass A w ary with power trim . motor guide trolling motor, depth tinder, I aer lated live wens, mony accessories 
Custom d trailer I 278 781), Uvolde 
IT 
A A hc'7, |*'ff*"R'q' s s' A a a t 
Chrysler Custom trader, troll mo­ tor, and finder, $4985 
T E X - A L L B O A T , 222 *628 
SEVERAL used small motors also used boat* and motors tor tale ! 
R o y* 
M arin* 
Canyon 
Lobo, 

IP n U IT I, 
Bel Boat and 
Tandem Trailer 46o Hardin Ford fully equipped, 
Make ofter] 
I 42o 2 7 5 8 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ H 
I r r ^ TY T -k g g r'f l ' H r ih r y s l g r , 
EXTRAS. Transferred, must sell 4 months free storage. 453-3643| 

8 o 8 - i m m soooo 

T R J f "iSgT C 
T 
TRgasTFTSnT 
BUY-SELL-TRAD! 
American Loan Ca li t 1172 
S TH en EST A T 
TBS E e l " 
SKEET, 474 7844 otter SPM 
TTT 

8o8 HUR I Uh i HSHIHfi 

 l l ACRES GOOD HUNTING 
$4$Q down Paym ent, $69 46 pe m o n te 
734 7964H 
B I V .fUN T I V . 

Owner financed 

 beer, corn 1*3 blinds, oat fields New Brouille 
$2$ per gun. 1 625 796V cT y h TTn 'Y ii, 7, 

 t i ’ BOSTON Whaler and Trailer, 
4oHP Mercury Good cond 4*2 2941 
S U I* t O A U W i t io.lboo! Witn fra ile r ond Four $ad*, In Beautiful 
Condition Coil; I 358 77o1. 

I UC I! Turk 
Javeim q Nueces Canyon Tr 
Sportotion from. 677 *939 
D A Y T e a S e N rar■ T u r k e y 
I n closed elevated blinds. I gun $25 guns $35 Junction area 226 777V 
DE ER carrots for hunting leases 
Von De Wade 433 1471. 

Clean $2395 661 56*1 
CRlAJU PUPP t*>4 model.' 1(2x44," bedroom furnished, excellent N t location $17 mo 656 1818 iT r r e t > r o . t e r 
I x t i . i be dreamt, fully carpeted, air. Fur­ nished. extra dean Ready Ie move into WHI sell choop! 4517 Randolph 
Blvd.. Whispering Winds Troller Ct mmrntu rb 7 d7 S m .T .-ntr7 i heat, air. tarnished Geed condition t>*oo 
Located in 
San Marcos 
49V IMO 

 fAo b il e h o m e Yo w in g 
REASONABLE! 911 7211 
Mobil* Home 33»i t il e New ("on aition 52SOO 922 449/ 
THET ver paymenTi kjo eauily 
7} 
LANIER luxury 14 x 66 2t>edraom, bath, carpeted, partly furnished 
All kitchen appliances. 133 3o9o 

 t6 p DOLLAR p a id 
POR USED MOBILE HOMES 
124 124* 
*24 4424 

 w I n t e ET ‘I\.a Mobile Homes! 
CASH end FAST SERVICE) 
MN MILES. *14 4231 
' w eT ak'e t r a d * INS WE I 
BUY USEO MOBILE HOMES 
CALL MAX 
*24 4725 
W W i i TV L e p 6 r l I sT * ' o l 
Mobile Homos howe Fireplaces' 
Buckingham Homes. 65* It l l h h a r T r A s s o i n w w a,? 
$3oo equity 691 1428 
■Ti U xTft Mobil* home n, 
T U T assume payments and low equity 
Atter SPM and od day weekends, 
6*1 oo7$ 

Merchandise 
Mart 
Call 

Call 22S-1666 

IX —F w r al DtrreUr* 

Serving your family with care and concern. 

~ ^ H < l k e A o 

FUNERAL CHARE LB 
SIS NOETH MAIN AVENUE 
226-72o1 

8 2 8 - 2 8 1 1 
F o r all 

 funeral needs 

81?-MIMM Hmm P ill SUCK 

CANYON LAKE 
Extro large mobile home tot $1475, 
5/4 down, *4 months at $21 83 APR 
I t 
COH A Jones, 216-2363 
N I .*"Li ed v A t r o t ‘ f rg lT 
T ro lle r bk fenced, stere room, trees, $17 Sd. 
Near Windsor bk Mott 82o*766 
144 mobil* home 
Northwest I* space $1* Sd per month Free move 
Ie qualified renter 6*4 It ll 
TEACHERS 

SUNSET 

A o u tta tb e 
FUNERAL HOME 
63o1 S. FIORES 
9 2 2 -6 3 3 9 john M. Grimes, Directer 

 m. £ noomoua 

F U N O tA L H O M i 

Prrr-Nbpd Arrangnmgot» 

S II QumAkupo it. 
2 2 6 -6 11 1 

The best rime to buy land is between 
Christmas ond New Y e ar* 
This close in trort is univ 15 minutes out 
Son Pedro You can live in your mobile bom* or bund conventional 
This is a large wooded sd* on easy terms 
JC. 
MORTON 
Broker, 
494 1419 

T o t dxttd cosh, H IL that outdoor furniture now! 
Call 225-1666 

A r n o k t b iU 
111 $ fi M ilitary 
923 7523 

W u k f a i t 
*•$* Fredericksburg Rd 4*o-711), 

S e l l e r f i t 
2oo61 
W W 
MIMI* Rd 1)7 OMI 

P a l m S r t g b U 
1711 $o. /o r tumor cr 
92o-4*o8 

SELL 
DTT 
NOW 

W ith tax rebate* now in most hornet, it’s ..ie perfect time to find e cash buyer for those golf clubs you no longer usa' 

And it'i e ely ’ Just coll ut today and we'll put your lo w c o tt od in print. 

For extra cosh, sell those golf clubs . . . now! 
Coll 225-1666 

IN — Faarral IMrrcUrti 

IjSnj 

- p a * 

 ffrcjHt now 

 to ask lo 

, n y e 

 our be 

 cf til 

It s hee Just phi 

2 2 7 - 3 1 3 6 

Riebe Saunders 
Chapels 

 i n t N Si M*rv s 

DOUBLE Crypt. Sunset M anteno) 
Mausoleum W rite Pierce. Box t i l , 
B rackettville, Texas I M I ! 

AMERICAS FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

J Y 
I 

■ i n a mo 
FUNERAL HOME 

211 Brooklyn at N. Alamo J 
2S5-5731 
■ a 
A u m 
I m 
# W 
I 

L 7Iu JLLvi CtuLs JcuniLf 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday January I I 9 7 7 

P E A N U T S 

HAVE BEEN 
SOME PARTY.. 
YOU'VE BEEN 
SLEEPING i Au. pal., y 

 o 

IT U )A 5 A TERRIBLE PARTh . 

I P lP N 'T FA LL IN LOVE [ 

 p r a n k too m u c h r o o t b e e r 

A W 
I FEEL THIRTY YEARS GLOER 

 r 

WINNIE WINKLE 

X/FOR O N E t AINA GLAD 
THE HOL I PAYS A R E 
O VER. X D O N T 
KNOW W HEN TV E 
FE LT M O R E 
M ISERABLE A N D 
A LO N E I 

A n y i W 
* 
T M E R E '5 
YOUR 

SUPPER 

I ' 

 h a p p y 
NEW 
Y e a r 

 s A JjLu. 

/MUTT and JEFF 

W AS THAT YOUR \y h a l f - b r o t h e r I s a w y o u d r iv in g 
HOME, ON 
Y E A R S 

THANK GOODNESS I 
HAVE BONNAZ AND 
AAV W ORK TD K E E P R 

I PROMISED STAN I'D TELL WINNIE 
THAT BONNAZ IS BEIN G EVICTED 
FRO M THIS BUILDING R IG H T tr a f t e r th e n e w y e a r . 

Z e U E S S T H I S I S A S 
" g o o d a t im e a s a n y / 

BUGS BUNNY 

J# vs 

I h o p e y o u m e n h a v e 
S E N S E ENOUGH To KNOW 
T H A T G A S O LIN E AN D 
A LC O H O L DO N O T MIX/ 

O H , 
WE DO, 
L A D Y 
W E D O ' 

ACTUALLY THEY DOMIX, 
BUT D O N T T R Y IT -- , 
IT TASTES A W F U L // 

GIL THORPE 

We v e GOT PROBLEMS J A LOT 
WHEN WE LOSE TO 
OE 
TE ANA LIKE OAKWOOD j MISTAKES 
BY 21 POINTS^ r - W 
WERE MADE 
BUT I THINK 

*‘irs 
S L A 
« 

BZ THE WAV'... 
WHAT ARE YOU 
GOING TO DO 
ABOUT FENTON 
AND BEAN'S 
ANTICS LAST 
THEY'LL 5ETTLE )N IG H T ? 
DOWN.' 

''NOTHING.*' 
THAT'S AD­ 
MINISTRATION'S 
PROBLEM... 
NOT MINE, 

‘ 
J 

AND IN THE yiCE-PRlNCI- 
PAL'5 O f HICE... 

VoU'RE BOTH SUSPEND 
ED FOR TWO DaYST 

 in 

W 
I T 

JUDGE PARKER 

 s = r r~ T 7 -r-m 

BUT I CAN'T LEAVE 
MY CAR HERE, JO JO.' 

HERES A DOLLAR TO 
OUIT PLAYING THAT 
THING TILL I FINISH 
MY M E A L/ j ------ 
— 
THANK 
MX) FOR YOUR 
GENEROSITY. 
S IR E ' b 

\T 

BU65Y^ KANER* goo#tier's 
Kmxzuaus. 

oEING THE 
WORLD'S WORST 
ACCORDION 
PLAYER 
ISN'T ALL 
E A D / 
R jD . ....THEfiE /s n '7 a n y - 
LA THING HARVEY POESN’T < 
KNOW ABOUT CZECHOSLOVAKIA' 
PORING THAT PER /O P., 

 nz- 

HARVEY 
BOWERS/ OF 
'COURSE/ you'RE 
A GENIUS, AL, 
AND I'M A 
PUM MY/.,. 

''■/.f, 
£ naw -he's R im 
STILL WORKING ~y BUT I CAN MVF 
V - 

|MEANWHILE 

TOLD YOU TO STAY HOME, KEEPS MAYBE WE 
I SEE YOU 
I TONIGHT, 
JOEL ifs 

HERE?/ HE 
SPOKE TO 
KAREL WHILEl 
I WAS 
O U T?/*.* 

O K A Y / WE G O T A 
NEW B A N D ... AND 
I THERE'LL BE A LOT 
UNATTACHED 

RED EYE 

KELLEY 

LETS SEE N O W ... 
TEN MARSHMALLOWS 
BROUGHT TO A SLOW 
BOU 
THEN ADD... 
/ 

- 
* / , 

Happy new year , beaver. 

WAIT A 
M INUTE. 

•M M M * ui/1 

HOW DO 
YOU B R IN O 
MARSHMALLOWS 
TO A SLOW 
BOIL V 

MAY THE. jo y A N O 
HAPPINESS VOU'RE, 
EXPERIENCING THIS DAY 
REM AIN WITH VOL! FOR 
T H £ S N T IR 6 Y E A R / 

— 

B.C. 

AH DON'T K N O W .... AH 
THOUGHT AH D T R Y 
CALLIN' 'E M N A M E S ... 

V 

HLS EITHER 
A TEETOTALER 
OR A S A D IS T / 

W ? .I 

THE FAMILY CIRCUS 
DENNIS THE MENACE 

VT if 
I * \ . . l 

• •♦Inr’MIHU aw ’#** 
THE WIZARD OF ID 

 r f f i W E f i n a l l y a s c e r t a i n e d 
WHERE The. © u p s ta g e 

" S N O W " C O M E S F R O M . 

T fo U C R I B B E D 

/IA T N O T e ^ / 

7 

WHAT 

H A P P E N E P 

* V 
4f v; 

■ 
I GOT 
MUGGEO 
N t h e 
FA ( R F . 

CAM NGO G\fc M E 

A P E © C R lP T io N ' ' 

 iJ L 

H E S ^ S ^ T U T 
H A © 
BLASK H4/R /4NP Ffc?UR TEETH 
ZN HI© KNUCJKLT©. 
^ 

Happy Birthd.J mean, Merry Chr...l mean Happy New Year, 

Grandma!'' 

"I don’t like the way this year’s startin’ out." 

 r 
TODAY’S CROSSWORD PUZZLE 

KERRY DRAKE 

By ftipp 

 w aul L f DRAKE f 
KXI POLWD FME 
SECRET ROOM' 

FRANK and ERNEST 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 

ACROSS 

I Piaster ot 

Middy sP««ie .oived 

' 
'\ M : 
: 
X CAN'T UNDERSTAND 
WHY THE R O S t 
» 

ROWL 
GAME ALWAYS I 
COMES IN BLURRED 
AND DOUBLE EVERY 
Y e a r * 
TwAv** , . ... 

6 iceiandtc prose nar■ ra ti va 
* o Sen ooi sob te d Infor- n 14 1 
14 — S6ti«r 
I 6 Historic periods 
1 ti S piced meat stew 
I I Musical d ire ctio n 
1 8 N e ith e r hut nor c o ld 
.'o Long (jolt 
Iii,!' 
1 ' Ctyyfef peo pie 

2 3 Music passages intor mal 
. -t I ar cooree 
2 5 S tiff h .j.i 
2 6 Come together again 
3o Protective 
.heath rig 
34 t. *a c i re 
Ouitat 
3 6 to the thick 
OI 
JI At uti ij ii men I 
3 8 T a b le ts 
I * Organic 
Substance 
4 t Oft! herb 
4 2 Crete rnoun 

 tam 
4 3 Office copy 
Informal 
4 4 Scram 1 
4ti Skin Suffix 
4 8 Deciduous trees 
5o Nautical lur rn 
5 * i anKiu't s wall" *f ont 
5 3 f cus a sip 

ACROSS 

I Firmament 
4 Photo fixer 
(si) 
8 Shout to 
12 Debtor s note 
13 Egg (Fr) 
14 Edible green pod 
15 Turkey gobbler 
1 

5o Engage in winter sport 
53 South (F r) 
55 Part of a dogma 
59 Four score, ordinal 
62 I possess 
(contr) 
63 Tropical plant 
64 Emit coherent light 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 

6 Dividing wall 
Billowy 

 u n u n a f s 
[.J a a a a 

4 1 C upid 
4 3 Mer cha i i 

U I P o rtla n d college 
6 8 Be rn w int 
6 9 Do penano 

DOWN 

1 Insipid per son slang 
2 Region 
J Call on the phone 
4 Ending with rea' Of .deal 
5 1 xhibttmg t* Small sofa 
I Son o f 2eus 
8 G al’s leg 
J As easy 

25 Pauly 
Preti* 
2 b I (eel 
2 7 B a ilie 
28 Cornier PU tree 
2 9 S pit e tu i 
31 I aneled e s ta te 
32 Woe h oven weight 
33 Merits In formal 
36 I n il ude upon 
4 o1 esse n 

18 Stingray 
2o Bright color 
21 Compass point 
22 Preposition 
24 Nose (F r) 
26 Arab 
3o Bed s home 
34 Trojan mountain 
35 Sediment 
37 Spreads sparingly 
38 Inner (prefix) 
4o Charges 
42 Obtained 
43 OI the nose 
45 Death 
4 7 U-boat (abbr 
49 Proverb 

 expanse 
66 Part of the day 
67 Very (F r) 
68 Tax agency 
(ab b r) 

D O W N 

1 Uses chair 
2 Screwball 
3 Arizona city 
4 Aspiring 
5 More so 
6 Happy cat sound 
7 M a n y tim es 
8 Fiery 
9 Similar 
1o Common metal 

11 Path 

17 Thought 
19 Likewise 
23 Feudal estate 
25 Last letter 

26 W ell (Sp) 
27 Authoress 

Farber 
28 Papas 
29 Privation 

31 Indian music 

 mode 
32 Nigerian tribesmen 

33 This (Sp J 
36 Observes 

39 Western- hemisphere organization 
41 Hurts by fire 
44 Craving 
46 lam b s mother 
48 Constructed 
5o Juncture 
51 Metric weight 
52 Opera prince 
54 Precious 
56 Conditionally 
57 At all times 
55 Beverages 
6o Barnyard bird 
61 M a o _____ tong 

V 6R A , W ii CAN’T 
LET HRRDBRT go ourmpR— 
HOT WITH T H O © © 
GUNMEN o u t 
TH ER E-W AITING/ 

( WHO CAN I HBY B E T 
W 
L L H A V 6 YO U R 
V 
W H A T C A N T H E Y 
J 
A N S W E R IN A 

 fjg X T : F A C S -T O F A C C rs*~~ ;; gg _ ■ - —7- - r 
------------ 

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 .. 
8 
9 
IO 
11 

12 
13 
14 

15 
1b 
17 

18 
19 t a 
2o 
I■ 
21 
22 
23 31 
25 

26 
27 
28 
- a■ 
3o 
31 
32 
33 

14 i n 
I 

36 II 
38 
39 rnI 

41 

 r n 
42 
13 
44 
S 
4b 
46 

47 
48 rnI 
5o 
51 
52 
53 rn 

55 
56 
5? 
58 

59 bu 
61 
62 

63 
64 bb 

8b 
67 

*• 
V \ 
This portfolio of 2,81o TIME cover paintings and photographs 
...YOURS FREE with a subscription to TIME 

FACES IN THE NEW S—remarkable men and women who. for better or worse, cap­ tured the world s attention and imagination 
Some burst briefly and powerfully into the news, but soon slipped from sight Some influenced the way we think, feel, and live 
Some changed the course of history When you remember their faces, you can t help feeling affection, or wonder, or rage, or laughter, or sadness FDR, Churchill. Hitler, 
Ghandi, Einstein, Freud Brando. Chaplin, 
Monroe Would you still recognize Dizzy 
Dean. Dag Hammarskjold, Gertrude Stem? 
And how about Charles Lindbergh, the Dionne quintuplets, even 
Al Capone? 
You ll find them all in this excit­ ing collection of TIME covers — reproductions of 2,8 1o covers from the very first issue in 1923 
This strikingly handsome 56-page portfolio is offered to you free with your TIME subscription 
Todays TIM E continues to chronicle the events, trends and ideas that affect our lives It brings 

 you the story of the whole world s week 
Each new issue gives you a vivid picture of the world s most important-to-watch people and what they re like—not only from what you see on the cover, but on each and every page inside You ll find informative, scrupu­ lously researched stories from every corner of the earth the newest developments in everything from movies to medicine, law to literature, human behavior, sports, and the economy 
You can subscribe for anywhere from 25 to 
IOO weeks for only 5oC an issue (TIME is 
$ 1 OO a copy on newsstands, 5o<£ by regular subscription) You will receive FACES IN THE NEWS as our gift as soon as we receive pay­ ment for your subscription 
But you need send no money now 
Just mail the postpaid card lf someone has already taken the card, just write TIME Maga­ zine, 541 North Fairbanks Court. 
Chicago, III 6o611, or call toll-free 
8oo-621-82oo 
(In Illinois: 8oo- 
972-83o2 ) 

Act now! Offer subject to cancellation at any time. 

Just write in the number of weeks you want, detach and mail. 
Send me FACES IN THE NEWS free, and— weeks of TIME for 5oC a week. 

Minimum 25 weeks Maximum IOO weeks (TIME is $1 OO a copy on newsstands, 5oC by regular subscription ) Send no money now 
You will be billed later 

Mr Ms 

Adrift- 

(please print full name) 

.Apl No 

-J. ip- 

Siynature________________________________________ — —— ----------- ll college student please indicate O undergraduate 
I graduate 

Name of College University................................................................ 
— 

Year studies end_______________________________________________ 
Rate good only in the U S 
T3191o