ENTER TODAY — Over *5o.ooo in prizes offered! 

Another $1, r n number coming in the Sunday Express-News! 

6 a.m . 
SPORTS 
FINAL 
15< 

THE SATURDAY 

Feb. 19, 1977 

^^lUwiiinanii mm 
■ — i ...............—H 
EXPRESS NEWS 
Kan A n to n io . T p x b k 
Soul Ii Texan* la 
-M illing S a tu r d a v newn|»a|»er 

COMING SUNDAY! 

 r* BARBARA WALTERS: The saga of a million dollar woman 

✓ DIVORCED MEN: How to sur­ vive this traumatic experience 

* DREAMS: The key to your future 

^ ROOTS 2: Final chapters of the greatest book of the year 

* GAMECOCKS; Saving those endangered chickens 

✓ SOLZHENITSYN: A warning to the West 

Exclusive Associated Press new s and photo coverage 

 ii •*: 3 
I sm 
H i 

First Lady knows how to cope 

ROSALYNN CARTER 
. . . . discusses her role 
2 bank suspects caught; 
I shot 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
AUSTIN — Two suspects in 
Monday's Brooks Field National 
Bank robbery were arrested 
Friday by the FBI here. One suspect was shot and is in fair condition at Brackenridge Hos­ pital. 
. 
Jesse Godinez. 27. of Austin u h s ar* rested first by special PBI agents. 
Later. Roberto E Ramirez. 45. of San 
Antonio and Houston, was shot about 4 p.m. while resisting arrest, the FBI said. 
Joseph O’Connell, special agent in charge, said Ram irez was spotted by 
Austin PBI agents in an autom obile near 35o8 Alpine Circle in Austin. 
“ He assaulted the agents by th rea­ tening them with a revolver and in the process of resisting arrest was fired upon by the agents.” O'Connell said. 
R a m ire z w as shot th ro u g h the mouth. O’Connell said. He was first listed in serious condition, but was in fair and stable condition by 8 p.m .. according to hospital officials. 
Charge 

Ram irez is the suspect accused of entering Brooks Field National Bank on Valentine’s Day. dem anding money and e s c a p in g w ith an u n d isc lo se d amount of cash. 

A few hours later. Ramirez was re ­ portedly burned on the face and legs after setting the getaway car on fire, authorities said. 

Godinez was not the person who en­ tered the bank, but assisted Ramirez and drove the getaway car. O’Connell said. 
Godinez was arraigned before U S. 
Magistrate Joseph F. Leonard Jr. He is in Bexar County Jail in lieu of a 
Sal).(MMI bond 
O’Connell sjid Ihe arrests climaxed four days of investigation by the FBI and the San Antonio Police D ep art­ ment. 
Both men are charged with federal bank robbery, which carries a m axi­ mum 25-year sentence. 

By TRUDE B. FELDMAN 
SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
WASHINGTON - On her first day in the White House, Rosa- lvnn Carter cried. 

She was exhausted from standing on her feet all day, shaking hands with thousands of friends, supporters, cam ­ paign w o rk e rs , foreign d ip lo m a ts , congressm en, Cabinet m em b ers and 
Army and Navy brass who had trooped into the East Room, the state dining room, the Red Room, and the Blue 
INSIDE 
TODAY 

Bonnie and George 
Carmack visit the 
Highland lakes — 
Page IB 

Spur's Silas says his value is limited this yea* — Page ID 

And much, much more 

This article is the result o f an exclusive interview with the First Lad\\ the first interview she has granted since moving into the White House. 

Room to shake hands with her and the new President. And she was cold. 
Her husband, the P re s id e n t, had turned down the thermostat to a chilly 
85 degrees to dram atize the nation’s fuel s h o rta g e —and the F i r s t L ady wasn’t dresvsed for it. 

“ If I hadn't been so tired from all the inaugural festivities,” she told me. 
“ th e cold p ro b a b ly w o u ld n ’t have bothered me so much. I just wanted to be warm and to sit down.” 
So she told Jim m y Carter: “ I just can’t take it.” and her eyes flut'd with 

 tears. The President was sympathetic and brought her an extra sweater but the therm ostat stayed at 85. 
And Rosalyn ii ( a r t e r , as she has done ever since her husband entered politics, put on the e x tra sw e a te r, grinned tilt' tears away and — and in a word — coped 
Coping is something the First Lady docs with class 
Terrified at first at standing up in front of an audience, sin1 learned to be an effective, even forceful, speaker in her husband’s be­ half and became a genuine asset in Ins 

 successful run for the presidency. 
A self-described “ hom ebody” who loves to cook and sew and ca n ' for her husband and children and grandchild, 
Rosalynn Carter has acquired both a deep interest in a dost' knowledge of important public issues ranging from international relations to domestic af­ fairs problems, 
“ Jim m y wants me to be informed on all the issues so FII understand the situations and problems lit' is working on, ” slit' told mc in lier first 

CIA payoff list growing 

KENYATTA 
THIEU 

B> BOB WOODWARD w a s h in g t o n p o s t se r v ic e 

WASHINGTON - The White 
House announced Friday it is conducting an intensive and com prehensive review of for­ eign intelligence operations. 

Meanwhile, new reports circulated that the CIA had secret financial rela­ tionships with at least a half-dozen foreign leaders. 
The announcement of the presidoo* tial review was made by press secre­ tary Jody Powell during a briefing to r e p o r te r s in w hich he d ec lin e d to comment on a published report Friday 

 that the CIA has for 2o y e a rs been making secret cash paym ents to King 
Hussein of Jordan 
Powell’s statem ent was tho first of­ ficial indication of th e P r e s id e n t’s concern over CIA aid P itie s and his apparent intention to bring them under control. 
In a statement read by Powell, the 

{COOP morning} 

Index 

Adion E x p ress...............................7D 
A rts...................................................12D 
Astrology...........................................7D 
Bridge............................................... 
Business. Finance 
.................IDE 
Church N e w s 
HJJD 
Comics.................................... 
C rossword P uzzles ...................... bl) 
Deaths............................ 
IG 
Editorials...........................................HA 
G a r d e n in g .................... 
DK 
M arkets...................................IE-UK 
Newsm akers................ 
2A 
Scene 
.......... - .................. l y 
S p o rts ........................................... 1-ap 
T elevision...................... 2G 
Theaters........................ lh IID 
Want A ds....................... 
M E.I 1211 
Weather 
............ 
3G 

COLI MNI STS 
Jack Anderson.......................... SA 
Dan C onk 
.........................2D 
Dan Stepper.....................................JI) 
, Inn Landers.....................................JC 
Dr. Geo. Ih o strso n .......................ID 

Chuckle 

Ever stop to consider that bottlen­ ecks are always at tile top? 

Forecast 

Clear, sunny. High, upper 7os. 
Low, low His. Details. Page Mi. 

FRIDAY'* TiMHCNATURE* 

 l l ITH YEAR 

N O . 4o 
68 PAGES 

TiltRMOMO* 
W«hI AR* I W W Am I a h i I JR q m I 
7 7 S IR M 
A P W M T d e p a r t ffMrftH l l , rn 1 , rn t 111 1 4 lI. CHV tRrioi if a rn I ti rn » 
G IT 
V e c tW p R l w Lf a rn t 

DID YOC KNOW It you receive home delivery of 
Express News l l more will bring you the evening 
$4 ai lier mouth I all 225-7411 for prompt deliver 

Express aud Sunday as tor a month Total 

Alice 'rich man given 

ALICE 
(AP) 
— 
The owner of the land where two Alice youths al­ legedly found $5oo,(MMI was m ade an offer he couldn’t refuse Friday by a special grand jury. But his attorney said he still would like to think about it. 

‘‘T he q u estio n is w h e th e r th e immunity fully protects m y clien t.” said Phil W e ste rg ren , atto rn ey for 
Jam es II Minims, father of one of the two boys who clanned they found the mystery money aud went on a spend­ ing spree cut short by Waco pollee on 
Jan 31, 

Slate D istrict Court J u d g e C. VV. 
Laughlin granted immunity to (Drums aud the two boys, Perey Garcia, lh. and 
Dean Bridges, 13. TIU* buys maintain that they found the money in an tee chest on Minims' ranch north of this 
South Texas city, 
The grand jury . which recessed until 
Feb *24 is investigating the source af the money which uutliortties feel could bt* linked to drug dealings TIM* two bays have mg been charged with any drug-related activities in connection with the ti MHH* v 

 kids,’ immunity 

The Garcia youth testified for nearly 
45 minutes. Bridge's was in the grand jury room for 7o minutes. litroma. a sheet-metaI worker and welder for a petrochemical com pany, did not testify. When asked lf this meant Ins client feared possible foder. • al prosecution later, attorney Wester- grcn said *‘l meant just what I said " 
Hist. Atty Arnoldo Garcia said alter the grand jury session “ I recom m end­ ed that we come back next Thursday primarily to properly prepare for the possibility of c o n tem p t" 
He added: “ We actually filed for immunity so there Is no delay iii the investigation. In effect, it m eans he 
(Minims) has to testify or go to jail ” 
H lr oms. a red-haired man of ruddy complexion, wore a western shirt, blue jeans and boots as he appeared in the court house. 
‘‘He was prepared to go lo jail today 
Me brought a carton of cigarettes and everything,” a courthouse source said, 
Once a witness is granted imm unity, he must lestily before the grain! jury ar face a contempt of eourt citation 
M the cl tent lies, he (aves possible perjury indictment* 

■■Heflin* a ride 

Springtime — or something |u*t like it — make* a romp outside pore pleasure Friday afternoon. Skate­ boarding rn the 2 o o o block of West 
Gramercy Ploce are Melissa Lytle, 
I 2, left; Rosette Koonce, I 5, center, and Lili Lytle, I 3. The Lytle sisters' dogs, Spike, right, and Pooch© don't share the two skateboards bot en|oy the fun anyway. —- Staff Photo by 
Ron Jones 

 administration pointedly praised King 
Hussein as “ un outstanding national leader" who had “ played a construc­ tive role in reducing tensions in the 
Middle E ast.” 
Other payments 

The paym ents to Hussein are not the only example of th*' CIA paying money lo world leaders, according to reliable sources 
Cypriot P resident A rchbishop M a­ karius received am ounts of ap p ro x i­ mately $1 million annually in the late 
196os, the sources said It is not known if these CIA payments have continued. 
The sources said there arc approxi­ mately six to eight other form er n a ­ tional leaders tiiat have at one tune or an o th er receiv ed co v ert p a y m e n ts from the CIA 
It was learned, meanwhile, that the court-censored m anuscript of a book by two former government intelligence officers named Hussein along with Ju ­ nto Kenyatta of Kenya, Joseph Mobutu of Zaire. Forbes Burnham of Guyana. 
Nguyen Van Tho u of South Vietnam and Willy Brandt of West Germ any as 
See C IA FUNDS, Page UA 
Schoolgirl winner in 
'sweeps9 

Jadene I Moore, 148 .feanettj* Drive, has been added to the growing list of winners in the Express-News $5(1.(iou 
Sweepstakes ‘77. 
Jadene, a student at Robert E. Lee 
High School, won a $1(1 gift certificate which she will use* at J U . Penney‘s. 
You can be a winner too’ Ju st fill out tlx* entry coupon, complete with Social 
Security /lum ber, and mail tt iii. 
Then took for winning num bers in the Express and The News weekdays and the weekend Express-News. lf your number ts jinni cd, you are a winner! 
Prize's are in the form of gift certifi­ cates to stores or services advertising iii the Express, The News or the Ex* jiress-News. 
No purchase is necessary 
Entry cards are available in the Express- 
News tubby from 8 3o a.in. until 5 3o p rn weekdays. Winning num bers may lie in*|tected during these hours 
Saturday’s winning num bers entry conium and rules and regulations are on Page IDE. 

^ a mr-ii r r.... r nmr mi -r~- mawm* »** 
UveMto<*k show , rodeo fodav 

K a iii — Judging Polled Here­ ford s, junior and open show fem ales, caille ham a r e n a , 
H a . i i i 
— Judging G uernseys aud milking shorthorn*, dairy ar­ ena 
8 a.rn, — Judging Appaloosa horse*, p erform ance c la s s e s , hoise arena t i a.rn. — Judging Hereford heller*, jnnior show, cattle bara arena l p m — Judging Jerseys, dairy a rn a 

Static* 
.LL 

 jtliitta* an futile* 
L lo .I , r n 

LU p lit, — Judging Herelords, open show, calllr barn arena, 

J p.m. — Polled Hereford sale, sales barn, 
3:31 p m — A ppaloosa horse sate. horse arena t and PJI pill — Rodeo per­ formance*. starring Myron Tint en and Anat ani. coils* urn arr na 

H San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — Saturday February 19 1 9 7 7 
Balloonist finishes cross-country flight 

Karl Thomas achieved his goal of setting a cross-country record for travel by hot-air balloon Friday. He reached the Atlantic Ocean 18 days after leaving Arcadia, Calif. 

Sasquatch quest quash requested 

Oregon State Rep. Ted Kulongoski of Junction City go! an unusual autographed picture from a constitu- tent — 
Sasquatch, the legendary 
“ Bigfoot” of the Pacific Northwest. 
“ To T ed,” the inscription read. 
“ Thanks for caring. Love. Sas.” 
The photo cam e with Sasquatch m em orabilia from ‘‘the men and women of North American Wildlife 
R esearch.” T he group is a clear­ inghouse in ‘‘the search for the world's most intriguing mystery .’’ 
Kulongoski offered a resolution la st week to make it unlawful iii O r e g o n to 
“harass, annoy or intim idate” 
Sasquatch. 

T h o m a s, 28, of T ro y , M ich., touched down at 2:3o p.m. on a beach near Fernandina Beach, Fla., north of J a c k s o n v ille , a c c o rd in g to a spokesm an for the com pany that sponsored the flight. ! 
Dave Severson, the spokesman. said Thomas pulled a cord to collapse the orange. 9o-foot-high ‘‘Limited edition Sail.” Thomas then walked to the ocean and splashed himself with water. 
Thomas had been bound for Day­ tona Beach, about 13o miles to the south, for the annual Speed Weeks at 
Daytona International Speedway. 
Prevailing winds, however, forced 
Ins balloon northeastward instead of southeastward, the direction he had hoped for early Friday when he as­ cended from T h u rs d a y n ig h t’s stopping place near Blountstown in 
Florida's Panhandle. lbs flight surpassed publisher 
Malcolm Forbes’ 33-day c r o s s ­ country balloon trip by 13 days, Se­ verson said Forbes made his trip in 
1973. 
Thomas’ 18-day odyssey took him into Mexico and as far north as 
Montana. He had originally planned to fly across the southern half of the 
I luted States, but weak winds forced a change in plans. 
Thomas crashed in the Atlantic 
Ocean in 197fi while trying to fly a helium balloon to Europe. He suf­ fered two broken rills and floated iii the water for several days before being rescued by a ship. 

In defiance of O gden Nash, one of the Phoenix Zoo's resident pelicans proclaims silently that his beak can hold a lot, but not as much as his belly can — AP Wirephoto 
Americans get 
Havana tour 

Rep. 
Jonathan Bingham was in 
Ins pajamas and his wife June was draped in a bath towel in their hotel room in Havana Monday night when there was an unexpected knock at the door. 
The New York Democrat opened the door, “ and it was Fidel Castro,” lie said. “ lh* had thought we would be warned beforehand and he was very em barrassed.” 

Pancake 
Day slated 

The annual m adness called P a n ­ cake Day — actually two days of celebrating the pancake — will begin 
Monday in Liberal, Kan., with a teen-ager trying to improve on his pancake-eating m ark of a year ago. 
David Williams, 18, took the prize last year when he downed 78 pan­ cakes in observance of the bicenten­ nial. He said he will try to eat 77 this year. 
The big event gets under way 
Tuesday with the 28th annual running of the pancake race, with housewives, students and other women running a distance of 415 yards while they flip pancakes. A pancake race is run simultaneously in Olney, England, and the international pancake race winner is determined in a trans-At- lantie telephone cull between the two cities to com pare times. 
Sheila Turner won the race the last two years for Liberal. 

Marital mishmash 

Two interesting things happened to 
Larry Adler, the 83-year-old h a r­ monica virtuoso and composer, in 
London Thursday. He was divorced by his second wife. 
Sally, who testified they had lived apart for more- than two years. 
And Lady 
Selina Hastings, 3o. daughter of the 
Earl of Huntingdon, said she would marry Adler in June. 
“ I am very happy," she said. “ I ve been wailing nearly six years for this m oment.” 

Human rights issue may hurt 
Panama talks 

WASHINGTON - The United States m ust soon decide whether to give up the Panam a Canal Zone, a colonial strip that is offensive to all Latin America. 
We warned on Nov. 2o, 1978, citing 

Task force clears FBI 

WASHINGTON (AP) - The FBI in­ vestigated Dr. Martin Luther King's death thoroughly and honestly and concluded correctly that J a m e s Earl 
Ray was the lone assassin, a Justice 
D ep a rtm en t task force re p o rte d 
Friday. 
Though mysteries linger in the case, there is no new evidence w arranting further investigation, the task force of five lawyers and two research analysts said. 
Honestly conducted 
“ The task force has concluded that the investigation bv the FBI to ascer­ tain and capture the m urderer of Dr 
Martin Luther King Jr. was thorough­ ly, honestly and s u c c e ssfu lly conducted.” the report said. “ The sum of all of the evidence of Ray s guilt points to him so exclusively that it most effectively makes the point that no one else was involved.’’ 
The task force concluded that v ar­ ious conspiracy theories, including those advanced by Ray himself, are without foundation Ray’s stories are contradictory and self-serving, the report said. 
The FBI, despite its longterm and probably illegal cam paign to harass 
King and discredit him as a civ ii rights 

 leader, generally undertook an a g ­ gressive probe of the m urder of King un a motel balcony iii M em phis on 
Aug. I, 1988, the task force said 
It added that the bureau checked out the conspiracy theories but found nothing to them. 
Hie task force lawyers did find some things to criticize about the FBI probe. 
It said the bureau failed to inves­ tigate leads suggesting that Ray and members of his family were iii touch a fte r his esca p e in 1987 from the 
Missouri state prison and said “ The bureau should have pursued this line of the investigation more thoroughly.” 
It also co m p lain ed th a t the FBI u nder d ire c to r J . E d g a r H oover refused to keep then-Atty. Gen. R am ­ sey Clark and other officials informed about details of the probe. And it said the departm ent failed lo exercise its supervisory authority over the bureau. 
Levi hornier Atty. Gen. Edward ll Levi launched the departm ent review last 
April to determ ine whether the FBI was implicated in the assassination, whether anyone should be prosecuted for the h a ra s s m e n t of K ing, and whether there was evidence requiring a further probe of the assassination. 

 o i? n x )O R S .* p o i^ E ^ riE R ^ c ^ n ^ ^ p w k ^ ^ * P ^ ® ^ 
CRAFTED BY EAGLE SHIRTMAKERS, S M L XL, 

 i S S S i f f i f t K S . S S S W S S S I" 

/ 

\ 

-J 

V 

 pincus 

CWBPflflYMOUSTON st '-I 

IT O W N 9 JO TO 5 3o M O N tH «U SAI 
MHW IMO MMiNp DOWNTOWN STOM 

MO AD WAT 
4 n i McCu l lo u g h 

ZiUtiAN e JO TO « OO MON TMM IAT 
MI MAZON CNIptf CANOS HONOMU 

President Carter, heeding a plea from a d e a f em ploye of the 
Interior Departm ent, opened his Friday speech in the department auditorium with a deaf lan gu age symbol. Carter quipped, ‘‘Just so you d o n ’t confuse me with N elson Rockefeller, that means, ‘I love you.’ " . H e referred to the fam ous photograph of the former vice president raisin g a derisive m iddle finger to a heckler. 
— A P 
W irephoto 
Mexico’s petrol reserves huge 

MIW VONK TIMES SMVtCt 
MEXICO CITY — Despite conserva­ tive official estimates. Mexico’s oil and natural gas reserves are now privately believed to exceed 8o billion barrels, roughly six times greater than Alas­ ka’s North Slope deposits and much larger than previously estimated. 
The new estimate, which contrasts sharply with the official reserve figure of ll billion barrels announced just two months ago, has been accepted by 
American government and oil industry experts and, more significantly, has been privately confirmed by Mexican officials who in the past were reticent to admit the enormity of the country’s oil wealth. 
Last week. for the first time since oil 
T oon to be called back 

WASHINGTON (A P ) - P re s id e n t 
C a rte r on F rid a y w ith d rew the nomination of career diplom at M al­ colm Toon lo be am b assa d o r to the 
Soviet Union — a post Toon now oc­ cupies under a te m p o rary a p p o in t­ ment 
The Slate Departm ent insisted the 
President’s pullback of the nomination was in no way linked with the s u b ­ stance of American-Soviet relations. 
“ This is a routine action taken by every new administration to permit the new Presdent to review the appoint­ m ents of his p red ecesso r,” a S late 
Department spokesman said. “ This is a government-wide pullback of p r e ­ sidential nominations.” 
The action cairn as one of a lengthy list of w ithdraw als of n o m in a tio n s made by former President Gerald R 
Ford duruig his final three weeks in office. 
Jerald Se hee ter, national security 
I spokesman at the White House, said j loon “ may or may not be renominut- 
. cd,” lie noted that Carter has created a special b oard to ad v ise h im on 
| ambassadorial appointments, 
When Ford first proposed Toon for the Mi jscoa post, the Soviets delayed 
I agreeing to his choice until after the 

I presidential election By the time Toon 
I was p ro claim ed a c c e p ta b le lo the 

I Kremlin, Congress hail recessed for 
I (he year so lie4 was dispatched under a 
I recess appointment 
Tile Soviet Union reportedly was cool i ta Ford s nominee on g rounds that 
I Total was a t old War hard-liner 

 was struck here in 19o1, daily output exceeded I million barrels, of which 
14o,ooo barrels today are being export­ ed. mainly to the United States. The state oil monopoly. Pemex. has a 1982 production target of 2.2 million b a r­ rels. half of which would be available for export. 
Most of M exico’s new proven r e ­ serves form part or a huge hydrocar* lion basin in the southeastern states of 
C h iap as and T ab asco and offshore from the state of Campeche in the Gulf of Mexico. 
These deposits, discovered less than five years ago, already account for 8o per cent of total output, although fewer than a dozen of an estimated 18o oil- bearing stru ctu res have so far been tapped. 
P riv a te fo re c a sts of even la rg e r probable rese rv e s are based on e n ­ couraging hydrocarbon discoveries in other regions, notably oil at Cotuxla in the Gulf coast state of Veracruz and natural gas near Nuevo Laredo on the 
Texas border and around Sebastian!}, 
\ i/ealno un the Baja California penin- 
¥»ila. 
A fierc e c o n tro v e rs y also rag e d am ong senior officials over w hether this oil should Im* exploited rapidly for short-term economic advantage or should In* kept in the ground “ fur fu­ ture generations.” 

 secret intelligence reports, that the canal issue was a ticking time bomb about to explode. 
President Jim m y Carter gave it top priority after he took charge of foreign affairs. 
He dispatched a crack negotiating team, beaded by the veteran diplomat 
E llsw orth B u n k e r, to P a n a m a this week. 
Its secret instructions are to seek a reasonable form ula that will perm it the United States to relinquish sover­ eignty over this strip of Panam anian territory. 
But there are some flies in the di­ plomatic ointment. 
Ominous cracks have appeared, for example, in the Panam anian economy. 
Dictators habitually try to divert pub­ lic attention from their domestic fai­ lu res by s t i r r i n g up an e m o tio n a l issue. . 
There is concern that Panam a s m i­ litary dictator, O m ar Torrijos, might forego a reasonable settlement and use the canal as a political issue. 
Carter’s pledge 
President Carter, for his part, has pledged to resto re m orality to U.S. foreign policy and to take a stand ag a in st n atio n s that a b u s e hu m an rights. 
He has just received a confidential report from Rep. John M urphy, D- 
N.Y., about torture under Torrijos. 
Murphy pointedly urged the presi­ dent not to s u r r e n d e r the P a n a m a 
Canal until the alleg atio n s 
....... have been cleared up. 
T he d is t u r b in g re p o rt, w ritte n and tr a n s l a te d in 
Panam a under extrem e d u r­ ess, was smuggled out of the country. 
Some of its allegations have 
— been confirmed by diplomatic sources. 
The report ch arg es that T o rrijo s’ political opponents have been shot, drowned, beaten, sexually abused and electrically shocked. 
It names 
32 people who allegedly have been m u r­ dered by the Torrijos government. 
One example 
F o r e x a m p le , a R om an C ath o lic priest. Hector Gallegos, was arrested by the Panam anian National Guard in 
June 1971. 

He had been organizing agricultural cooperatives in his impoverished par­ ish. 

Apparently, he found himself work­ ing against the interests of some local relatives of the Panam anian dictator. 

D iplom atic so u rce s confirm that 
G allegos h as not been h eard from since. 

“ The usual pattern,” states the re­ port. “ is that a person is arre ste d without a w arrant and without accusa­ tion. and then the authorities deny any knowledge of their whereabouts. 
“ Sometimes the victim is released after questioning or torture or both. and sometimes nothing more is heard about the victim .” 

The state police seldom allow rela­ tives to cla im the v ic tim s ’ abused bodies. 
But the re p o rt alleg e s th a t four bodies — those of stu d en t M arlene 
M endizabal, student Dorita Moreno, lawyer Ruben Miro and Eduardo White 
— w ere recovered and showed ev i­ dence of torture. 
No individual rights 
T h ere are no individual rights in 
P a n am a w here, the report alleges, 
“ the unwarranted search of homes by the m ilita ry police is an ev ery d ay happening.” The report includes affi­ davits and details about the torture that is inflicted. 

It also charges, as we reported in 
1973, that m em bers of Torrijos’ family aud high Panam anian officials are in­ volved in in te rn a tio n a l n a rc o tic s smuggling. 
Delicate talks 
These allegations could upset the delicate negotiations for a new P ana­ ma Canal treaty. . 
A Panam anian Embassy spokesman said the charges were fabricated by 

\m, m bo lowpi. Me aw 

 r»Kw*o tia 24a ties* #1 29 der cotton rn Coiffe* 
Nuevo toledo 

 n«*4. Ifen* 

M A IL SUBSCRIPTIO N RATES 

 t... 
»••• 

•a, H. 
,1V is 4* ii ii t i O ' 
14 41 
Ii ii 

* M»> 

I I I I I i i i va ti« ii 
I ii OI 
Ii* ii 

OTHER STATES 

I i l l 
I U 14 
| 4 
I i IO 
I i ' 4 ' 
I i 

 ii *9 m ll 4' IM 

M * it« 4 ltO M *4 
„ 
I 4 i i t/mt « « 

I i 41 
| j 
14 '* Ii« 
Ii 4* IU 

**, I - 

Jack 
Anderson 

A m erican opponents of a new canal treaty and Panam anian opponents of the Torrijos regime. 

He inv ited us to visit Panam a to see for ourselves whether there is torture, an invitation we will be happy to ac­ cept if we can be guaranteed access, unannounced, to any prisons we wish to inspect, without government escort. 

Only proven terrorists, agitators and subversives have been exiled rath e r than being jailed, said the spokesman. 
Oiling the wheels 
Senate Finance C hairm an Russell 
Long. D-La., the unabashed champion of the oil and gas interests, beat back an a tte m p t last m onth to c u rb his power. 
A fterw ard, the grateful Long d is­ patched private letters to the senators 

The report charges that Torrijos political opponents hare been shot, drowned* beaten* sexually abused and electrically shocked 

 who supported him. , 
He was very grateful, he wrote, that the senators had let the committee and, 
“ me as ch a irm an ” continued to use 
“ our best judgm ent” on tax matters. 
Added Long: “ You will not be dis­ appointed." 
A spokesm an for the senator was aghast at the thought that Long might be hinting he will return the favor from his well-oiled resources. 
Chimney waste 
A small device that could cut resi­ dential gas consumption by 2o per cent to 3o per cent is being kept off the market by the American Gas Associa­ tion. 
The inexpensive device could save our energy-starved nation the equiva­ lent of 5oo.ooo barrels of oil a day. 
The M ichigan C on so lid ated G as 
Company has developed the device, which costs about S35 to install in old furnaces. , 
One part restricts the size of the flue. tile other reduces the flam e in over­ sized furnaces. 
Bulverde to organize 
CB patrol 

A citizens band radio mobile patrol is being organized in Bulverde to fight a recent rash of robberies in the com ­ munity. 
Meetings will be held Sunday and 
Wednesday at Bulverde to organize a neighborhood watch p ro g ra m , said 
Jerry Smith, crim e prevention specia­ list for the Alamo Area Council of 
Governments. 
During the last week. Smith was asked by Comal School District and 
Comal Sheriff’s Department to address a citizens’ meeting at Bulverde Middle 
School. 
Smith told an audience of 33 persons about improving home security and the usefulness of Operation Identifica­ tion, w hereby citizens have th e ir names engraved on their property. 
The meetings and the neighborhood watch program are an effort to bring order to the community following the robberies and so citizens will not feel the need to carry arms, Smith said 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

P u b itth ad -O I* S u i,* d o , S undog a n d lo b o ) D u , Tfcon6»g<y>ng 
Dot ob* on July 4, CHnHnu, Day N » » too* » Doy, 
•Soy o<cv* Monody rtuou^i 'nday Alto puWnnod on a Mon day. «fi*n idly 4. Chmtmo, Day. Nom toot i Doy lots on a ptO iy d tn g S unday 
By Th# Expr«m New* Corporation 
P O lo * H 
' l 
Son A n to n * . 1„ 
o , P I J * / 
So, and C loot Po»o<p> P o d of 

 lid '4 
146 ll 
ISO SI 
$44 14 
I JO l l 

II 
I 
II 
« 
I! 

 high performance, 
: COLOR TV j Quasor 

• U lt! b n energy than o 
15 watt light bulb 

• Lightweight, only 28 pounds 

• In line Matrix Picture lube with Pre focus Lens incredibly sharp picture that challenges oil others 
288 
J 

15* W a l n u t 
V 
W P 3 4 o 4 
N,S 

I 
THE HOUSE Or 
I 
TELEVISION 
I 
I 2o W. Mistletoe 
\ 
7361711 

I 
I 

Ij 
I 
B 
I 
I 
________________I 

BANDERA 
1 
APPLIANCE & TIRE I 
1123 Bandera Road 
® 
435-1222 f 

G R A N D C H A M P IO N s te e r d ra w s a tte n tio n fro m Bill 
Jim m y G le a so n a n d Ja cin d a G le a s o n a ith e r, fro m le ft, Ja ck W illia m s, 
Cham p steers go together in auction 

By BILL Cl WINGHAM 
EXPRESS N E W S AG RIC U LTU RE EDITOR 
History was made at the 28th annual San Antonio Livestock 
Show and Rodeo Friday when 
Scil I i tz Beer of San Antonio bought both the grand and re­ serve champion steers. 
There were only seven bids on the 
1.2oo-pound champion Limousin-Angus steer of .Jacinda Gleason of Muleshoe, with the seventh being the $1o,5oo of 
Schist/ 
Schlitz Beer also bought the cham ­ pion steer in I UTH. paying $2o,ooo for. the entry of Wendell Geeslin of Hamil­ ton 
The bidding opened at $5,ooo and then was jumped to $8,ooo by Sehlitz. 
M o n tg o m ery W ard o ffe red $8,5oo, 
Pearl Brewing Co. $9,ooo. Montgomery 
Ward $9,5oo, Mary Nan West $1o,ooo aud finally to $1o,5oo by Sehlitz. 
This was the lowest price paid for a grand cham pion since the $9,ooo in 
197:1 for the Angus steer of Theresa 
Scott of Rising Star. 
There were IO bids for the reserve champion steer shown by Carol Bran- denberger. IO, of Llano. Tilt' last si\ bids cam e from either Estelle Holmes of San Antonio or Sehlitz. with the lat­ ter winning at $4,5oo. 
.Jeff Fisher, a student at John M ar­ shall High School, received $1,4oo for his cham pion fine wool cross lam b from Lone Star Brewing Co. He was the first Bexar Countian ever to show a grand champion in the show. 
High price of the day for a lamb was 
Bond is hiked in policem an shooting 

The bond on a man charged with shooting Patrolman Valentine I) Lo­ in'/ .lr. late Thursday was raised F ri­ day from SIOO.INNI to $25o.(KHI by hist. 
Judge Jam es Barlow 
Lope/, who was shot in the chest and abdomen, was listed in critical but stabilized condition and underwent surgery a second time late Friday, a 
Baptist Memorial Hospital spokesper­ son said. 
Judge Barlow raised the bond on 
Jack 
Barber. 41. of 537 Baywood 
Lane, after the district attorney s of­ fice introduced a motion to raise the original HOO,(KH) bond. 
B arber is charged with attem pted capital murder. He was arrested flee­ ing the shooting which occurred at 
Cindy’s Lounge at 14o7 S. Fevers St., 
|M»lice said. 
Lope/, 24. went to the lounge to in­ vestigate a report of a man with a gun inside the establishment. 
Witnesses said a man brandishing a pistol had entered a convenience store next to the lounge, forced a man iii the store outside at pistol point and into 
Hit' lounge. 
Another witness said the two men were sitting iii the lounge drinking when Lope/ arrived 
Lope/ was shot entering tin* lounge, according to police. 
_ 

7'he hid bv Sehlitz lens the lowest ftrice pail! fo r a grand champion since the $9,oo(1 in 1973 fo r Theresa Scott's 
Angus steer 

$ 2 .(Min paid by Hill Cowden for the cham pion fine wool entry of H eig h 
Kerchev ille of Boerne. 
Robert P arrish's medium wool lamb champion lamb sold for $1,49o to ABC 
Truck Rental. Parish is from Boerne. 
Julie Brown, Carane, got $1,ooo from 
Tobin S urvey for h er c h a m p io n 
Southdown. 
Exhibitors of cham pion lam b c a r ­ casses. the price and buyers were: 
Fine wool cross, Cody C arruthers, 
Del Rio, $5oo, Tower of Americas Res­ taurant; fine wool, Beppo Speck, Paint 
Rock, $25o, 
M ary 
Nan 
W est of 
B a te sv ille ; m e d iu m wool, S id n ey 
M cW illiam s, B ra d y , $25o, E s te lle 
H olm es, and S o u th d o w n , R u ssell 
R essm an n , H arp er, $25o. Sherwood 
Natural Flavor Ic e c re a m . 
The cham pion beef carcass, raised by G. L. Thomas of Corsicana, brought 
$1,5oo from Estelle Holmes. Kenworth 
T ru c k s paid $8oo for the r e s e rv e champion carcass entered by Jam es ll. 
March of New Ulm. 
Exhibitors of breed champions sold, the price and buyers were; 
S h o rth o rn , C h a rle s Key. Clyde. 
$1,ooo. Estelle Holmes; Charolais. Gay 
Nell Fluitt, F red erick sb u rg , $1,ooo. 
Pearl Brewing Co.; Red Angus, Talanu 
Jackson. Walnut Springs. $1,o5o, Som­ mers Drug Stores, and Brongus, Shea 
Muscly. Pharr. Tobin Survey. $1,ooo. 
Frontier Enterprises paid $8oo for the champion pen of three broilers shown by Cornell Bippert of the Wilson 
County 4-H This was far above the $25o paid for the champions last year. 
Church’s Fried Chicken bought the reserve cham on broilers for $2oo from 
Jam es Formalin of Marion 

Lawns ^ Beauty,c 
NURSERY 
865o Bandera Road 

St. A n a tin e (Corbet) t i *1 « 
G R A S S . ■FULL RAUIT . . . . . . . . O OP ii. 
LISS THAN A PUU P A llI T .......................... 9 7 $ *R fL 
(■UMAYAM tun r*iUT 
I . 3 9 •*. r* 

U M T H A N A m a R A t u t .................. 
I - • * 
I * 
LIVI OAR TOBIS ..ta*.M b. 
. 
I Irtfl* Inn* ........................ 
•A®™***'* 

TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come VuO Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Gar dim 
Center with everyday “FARM TO YOU 
PR ICTS And SA VTO 

N M 
W 
C f t 
ORIN Dully >»7 PM. _________684-211o 

B reakup plan for E dw ards m ight be illegal 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 
A proposal to split a state protective order over the Ed­ wards aquifer was called p o ssi­ bly illegal Friday by a stale of­ ficial in the attorney general’s office in Austin. 
And Mayor Lila Cockrell issued a statem ent F riday stating her d isa p ­ pointment that the Texas Water Quali­ ty Board staff has recommended split­ ting the present single order into se­ ven. separate county orders. 
Report 

The responses from Mayor Cockrell and Troy Webb, head of tin' attorney general's environmental division, fol­ lowed release of a TWQB report sum ­ m a riz in g te stim o n y ta k e n at an 
Uvalde public hearing in January. 
“ We are in disagreem ent with the 
J TWQB) hearing exam iner’s report.” 
Webb said. “ We will be at the board meeting March 3 (in Austin) to say it will be unwise and might be illegal to enforce seven orders over what is in effect one underground body of w ater that does not have any resp e ct for county lines.” 

At the Uvalde hearing. Alamo An'a 
Council of Governments Executive Dir. 
Al Not/on reported Webb’s concern the proposal s adoption may have the ('it­ ll re protective order struck down as discriminatory by the Courts. 
TWQB Executive Dir. Hugh Yantis. who has proposed the change, replied he was aware of tilt' contention. 
The TW QB rep o rt to th e b o ard m em bers, however, makes no mention of Not/on's rem ark s on possible dis crimination. 
No statement 
TWQB attorney Lee M athews said the attorney g e n e r a l’s office never submitted a statement at the hearing or since then on the matter. 
Mathews said Ins report was only a sum m ary and not a transcript of the hearing, and he thought other rem arks by Not/on we're more important. 
Mathews concludes the report with the recommendation the TWQB di­ rectors adopt individual county orders at their March 3 meeting. 
H ow ev er, m ost of the testim o n y sum m arized in the report is against the change. 
Uvalde and Kinney county officials testified iii favor the change, but nu­ merous Bexar County officials and re- 

The ch am p io n tu rk ey shown by 
Sharon Meier of Johnson City sold for 
$325 to the Magic Tim e Machine, and 
Thomas Brister of Tay lor got $175 for his reserve cham pion turkey from 
Mrs. Lafayette Ward. 
Hog gets $1,6oo 

Tile g ra n d ch a m p io n hog of th e show, the entry of Debbra Allen, IO, 
Dev ine, sold for $1,8oo to Lone S tar 
Brewing Co. 
The reserv e cham pion hog of the show and grand champion of the open show, entered by Carlton Honk of New 
Braunfels, brought $85o from Patillo 
Farm s. 
Lilly Ice C ream paid $3oo for the champion hog carcass, an entry of IL 
WL Voight of Hallettsville. Ja m e s D, 
E pperson of Valley S pring sold the reserve champion hog to Shepp’s Dairv for $2oo. 
Long day 

Auctioneers Walter Britten arid Dick 
Britten sold m ore than 1.ooo lots of livestock during the long day. 
Coors Beer paid $235 for the ch am ­ pion rabbits shown by Walter Nathan 
A ltn e rr of S eg u in , and South Loop 
Lumber Co. bought the reserve cham ­ pion rabbits of Lisle Hon of Jourdanton for $275. 
Saturday will lie Brush Country Day at the show . 
Saturday judging will include open and junior Bolled Herefords, open and junior Herefords.• Jerseys, Guernseys and Milking Shorthorns and Appaloosa horses. 
Myron Floren and Anacard will be the guest stars at rodeo perform ances at 2 and 7:3o p.m. 

C A R O L B R A N D E N B E R G E R h o ld s th e re s e rv e ch a m p io n ste e r u n d e r the w a tch fu l e y e s o f Bill G a ith e r, le ft, and 
Jack W illia m s 

 sidents spoke in opposition 
T he m ain contention a g a in st the c h a n g e w as tin* a q u ife r, th e sole drinking water source for much of a seven-county area including San \n- tonio, was one body of water deserving one protection regulatory law. 
Mayor Cockrell said she was disap­ pointed to learn of the most recent staff recommendation. 
Disunity 
“ It threatens to disjoint this unified aud com prehensive approach to p re­ vent the degradation of this natural 
.resource due to the potential, harmful effects of future d ev elo p m en t," the mayor said 
“ What we do as individual entities has an impact on all the others.’’ 
The current order provides regula­ tions designed to prevent contam ina­ tion of the underground w ater by u r­ ban dev elo p m e n t, in d u stria liz atio n and storage of dangerous chemicals. 
Lackland epidem ic o f flu is denied 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
EXPRESS N E W S M i D K A l W R IIIR 

Trainees at Lackland AFU arc nut experiencing an epidemic of llong 
Kong flu, a base spokesman said Friday. 
Iii fact, trainees are not experiencing any kind of epidemic, flu or otherwise, the spokesman added. 
B ase Inform ation O fficer Ll. Col. 
J i m J o n e s m a d e Ins c o m m e n ts i i i reaction to television news report aired 
Thursday that a Hong Kong flu epide­ mic had broken out at Lackland. 
“ There has been a mild outbreak of a flu-like infection among trainees thai resembles the symptoms of Hong Kong flu.” Col. Jones said 

Small outbreak 
“ But it has been a very sm all out­ break. affecting only about 18o trainees out of a population of 1o,ooo." 
“ We began giving inoculations last 
W ednesday and have c a n c e lle d all mass meetings and all off-base liberty for train ees te m p o rarily , Just to be sure.” ( ol Jones said 
Zavala County agrees to pay college funds 

JEFF FISHER, the first San A n to n io y o u th to w in g ra n d ch a m p io n h o n o rs a t th e sto ck sh o w , a n d Lon e S ta r's 
John B rze z in s k i show th e G ra n d C h a m p io n Fine W o o l 
C ro ssb re d Lam b of Show 
G roos National nam ed in writ 

A man who won a $418,o8o judgment against runeher-banker 
Clinton Manges filed a writ of garnishment Friday against Manges’ 
Groos National Bank 

The writ attem pts to recover the judgment Manges ow es Virgil Ii, 
I Guerra as a result of a promissory note Manges dcfaulUMi on 

Manges is chairm an of the Groos National Bank s I mm rd ut 
I directors 

Bist Judge Fred Shannon granted the judgment lo Guerra oil 
Jan IK. 1977 

The writ stales the bank should pay the judgment because 
M an g es does not have sufficient funds. 

Bv JE R K Y D E A L 
OE THE EXPRESS N E W S STAEE 

UVALDE — Zavala County officials 
— iii an lith hour move — late Friday agreed to pay disputed lax funds for 
Southwest Texas Junior College lo the 
38th District Court. 
Bist. Judge Jack Woodley said lie talked with Zavala County Atty. Pablo 
Avila, who said some $2o,(MKI iii funds will he delivered here not later than next Wednesday. The college is located in Uvalde. 
Woodley said he had agreed to an extension of tim e until then 
Woodley had ordered Zavala County 
Judge Jose Angel Gutierrez, county commissioners and oilier county offi­ cials to have a total of $28 (IOO iii dispute into the registry of the* court not later than Saturday. 

Not guilty 

At a h ea rin g last week. Woodley found tile officials not guilty of con­ tempt charges. 
The hearing resulted from a lawsuit filed by the junior college d istric t, which covers Edwards, Real, Uvalde and Zavala counties. The plaintiff [iud filed a motion for contem pt and in­ junctive relief. 
The district filed the lawsuit in J a n ­ uary. Woodley said it will be tried on 
Us merits alxiut March IL 
The district clerk s office here said 
Friday afternoon Zavala County bud only sent $8,3oo of the $28,IHM! 
The suit stem m ed from a move by 
Zavala County Commissioners Court to raise the c h a r g e for collection of pro­ perty taxes a n d delinquent taxes iii that county for the junior college district. 

G utierrez are Coms. F elipe T o rres. 
Frank Guerrero and Elena ('. Diaz, all of Crystal City, and Estaban Najera of 
La Pryor. 

Also, Tax Assessor-Colleclor Marilla 
I* Cruz. County T re sa su re r C arm en 
F lo re s and C ounty C lerk V irg in ia 
Munoz 

PROMOTION 

ON SELECTED 
FURNITURE FROM 
S E L IG 

 corner group shown, in saddle velvet 

 a b u 

 re g . $ 1 3 8 5 . 

 s poc. * 9 8 5 . 

( b a r g e s 

Zavala County i i i November 1978 la** gun charging 45 per cent of tin- taxable am ount lo collect the junior college taxes1*and 55 tier vent of delinquent taxes collected. 
Prior to that, since 1948 Hie county had a commission of I |h t cent of the current taxes collected and 5 per cent of the delinquent taxes collected 
D efendants in (he suit along with 

Sofa, 82w r«f. SIAS, •?•«. *595. Sofa, 86w reg. SISO. *p#t *51 5.1 
Sofa, 92w rag. %7SO. spat. *55o. Chair & olio rag. $o6o. •p««.t4 6 $ J 

(overeat rag. $643. tpac. *44o. Choir & otto rag. $ 3 4 S. »pa«.*275. 

LIMITED STOCK — I WEEK ONLY dEnhome 
69S1 Son Ptdfo. lettdtnhol 344 2331, (ommeiool 341 1691 

 lh 

LIMITED QUANTITIES! NO MAIL OR PHONE ORDERS! 

Save 1/2 on ladies' assorted loungewear 
11 " to 16" 

Orig. 25.oo to 35.oo. Many styles, colors and fabrics. Prints or solids, S-M-L. Loun­ gewear, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 2.o1 to 4.51 on assorted fashion bras 
3 " 

Orig. 6.oo-8.5o. Famous maker bras in sev­ eral styles. Nylon-spandex in white or nude 
Foundations, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 1.51 to 4.51 on assorted bralettes 
I " 

Orig. 3.5o-6.5o. Bralettes in lacy fabrics or with lace trim Nylon-spandex; assorted col­ ors. Daywear, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 14.o1 on Palter Deb 
'Coeds' shoes for ladies 
15" 

R e g . 3o.oo. 'Lizard' or 'turtle' embossed vinyl pumps. Fashion colors. W om en's 
Shoes, Downtown and North Star. Charge it! 

Save 3.o1 on children's 
'racer' action shoes 
7 9 9 

R eg. 11.oo. Boys' or girls' styles for rugqed wear Great for action sports! C hildren's 
Shoes, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 25.1o to 85.1o on special group of suits 
69"to 89" 

Orig. 95.oo-175.oo. Special group of vested models and trios. Not all sues in all styles. 
Men s Suits, all stores except Las Palmas 

Special! Boys' 8-2o knit short sleeve shirts 
4 9 9 

S p e c ia l v a lu e ! Assorted styles in solids and stripes. Sues 8 to 2o. Boyswear, all stores except Las Palmas Charge it! • 

Save 22% on young men's famous maker jeans 

1 
7 
9 
9 
Orig. 23.oo. Fashion jeans by a well-known maker. 2-styles in pre-washed cotton denim 
442 I D. Shop, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 1.51 on jumbo magnetic photo albums 
3 " 

R e g . 5.5o. Has 2o double sheets for 4o pages of photos Solid or floral print vinyl. 
Stationery, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 5o%! Imported 
English ironstone teapots 
3 9 9 

Orig. 7.99. Assorted decorator patterns 
Imported. Housewares, all stores. Charge it! 

Save 5o.94! Club Aluminum 
12-pc. super cookware set 
69" 

Open stock price, 12o.93. Durable, color­ ful porcelain enamel exteriors on cast alumi­ num cookware. Housewares, all stores. 

Save 9.oo on "Star 
I 
Trek'' helmets 
4 9 9 

O rig. 13.99. W hite high impact plastic helm et with flashing light and beeping sound! Toys, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 4.o1 to 6.51 on 
Burlington sheets 
4 " to 12" 

Orig. 9.oo to 19.5o. Sunset' sheets from the 
Vera" collection. All popular sues. Pillow­ cases also Linens, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 11.o1 to 13.o1 on group of shower curtains 
6 " 

O r ig . 1 8 .o o -2 o .o o . S e le c te d group of shower curtains Assorted styles and colors 
Bath Shop, all stores except Las Palmas 

Special clearance! 
23-channel CB radio 
6888 

O rig. 139.95. Prominent 23-channel CB radio with RF meter squelch control and dynamic mike CB Radios, all stores 

Save 7.oo to 3o.99! 
Special group of lamps 
29" 
Orig. 36.oo 61.oo, Assorted styles. All with coordinating shades. Not all styles in all stores. Lamps, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 1oo.oo on a low back velvet chair 
99oo 

Hog. 199.oo. Gold velvet low back chair has attached pillow back 
Reversible seat cushion, lined skirt Furniture, Downtown, 
North Star and Austin 

Save 25.oo to 35.oo on 

9 x12' rug remnants 
47°° 

R eg. 72.oo-82.oo, Nylon pile, with sculp­ tured patterns Finished on ait four sides 
Choice of red or avocado Limited quantities 
Hugs, all stores except Windsor Park 

Save 1/2 on Necchi's 
#565 sewing machine 
2975o 

Orig. 595.oo. Blindhems, bastes, button­ holes and more 
Head only 
Has overlock and stretch stitch Sewing Machines, Down­ town, North Star 

Camellia Room George 
Washington Special! 
I 8 9 

You got soup du jour or tossed green salad, oven browned meatloaf with tomato sauce; vegetable, hot roll & butter, coffee or tea aud cherry pie 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS — Saturday February 19 1977 

Save 2.oo on 5-pc place settings 
Save 4.o1 to 8.o1 on women's sport shoes 
Save 5.o1 on men's striped sport shirts 
7 " 

Orig. 13.oo. Save on men's rugby or T a r l ­ ton short sleeve pullovers with knit collar, button front. Cotton, S-M-L-XL. Men's Sport 
Furnishings, all stores except Las Palmas. 

R eg. 11.oo. Men's shirts for dress or leisure wear have contrast stitch and neckband. 
Two-pocket front, 14l/2 to 17 
Men's Dress 
Furnishings, all stores. 

R e g . 8.95. Pure white porcelain dinnerware with coupe shape. Also 4o-pc. set, reg. 71.6o, 
55.6o China, all stores except Las Palmas. 

R e g . 18.oo-22.oo. Cork or wood bottoms with rope trims and more. Rust, blue, others. 
Shoes, all stores except Las Plumas. 

Save 4.o1! Men's dual purpose dress shirts 
6" 

Special purchase! 
Knit sweater pantsuits 
34" 

S p e c ia l p u rch ase! Polyester knit sweater styling in navy or light blue. Long sleeves, 8- 
18. Plaza Shop, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 15.o1 on polyester- gabardine 2-pc. pantsuits 
IO" 

R e g . 26.oo. Pantsuits have button front, elasticized waist. Pastels, 8-18. Expression 
Dresses, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 5.o1 on famous maker fashion shirts 
9 " 

O rig. 15.oo. Wovon plaid shirt in sizes 8-16 
Plaza Sportswear, all stores except Las Pal­ mas. Charge yours and save! 

Save 1/2 on ladies' fashion jumpsuits l l " 

O rig. 25.oo. Polyester jumpsuits in assorted sizes and colors. Easy-caro. Sun Country 
Sportswear, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 9.o1-18.o1 on assorted fantasy tops 
5" 

O rig. 15.oo-24.oo. Polyester-nylon or poly- ester-rayon blends, S-M-L Sun Country 
Sportswear, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 1o.o1 on polka dot polyester tunics 
9 " 

O rig. 2o.oo. Fashion tunics in 1oo°o poly­ ester, Dark grounds. Sizes 8-18 Plaza Sports­ wear, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 1/2 and more! 
Junior fashions 
9" t o 
19" 

Orig. 26.oo-4o.oo. Save on our jr. dresses, skirt sets, longs and jumpsuits in sizes 5-13, 
Jr. Dresses, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 8.o1-14.o1 on jr. fashion sweaters 
3 " 

O rig. 12.oo-18.oo. Choose from an assort­ ment of styles and colors in sizes S-M-L Jun­ ior Sportswear, all stores Charge it1 

Save 33 % on assorted pierced earrings 
99c 

O rig. 3.oo p r. Choose buttons, balls or hoops in dark fashion tones Costume Jewel- 
• ry, all stores except Las Palmas 

* L 

Save 3.o1 to 6.o1 on ladies' fashion belts 
99* 

O rig. 4.oo-7.oo. Choose fabric or leather belts in assorted fall colors Small Leather 
Goods, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 3.o1 on striped nylon tunic tops 
4 " 

O rig. 8.oo. Short sleeved tunics and T-shirts in several styles, bright stripes, S-M-L Ac­ cessories, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 1/2 on ladies' assorted casual shoes 

2 " 

O rig. 6.oo-8.oo. Several styles to choose from1 Great for around the house! Casual 
Hosiery, all stores except Las Palmas 

S an Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S —Saturday February 19 I 977 

Save 5o% on famous maker Jr. coordinates 
9" t o 19" 

O rig . 21.oo-4o.oo. Polye ster gabardine jackets, pants, skirts. Jr. Sportswear, all stores except Las Palmas 

Save 8.o1! Ladies' acrylic fashion pants 
4" 

O rig. 13.oo. Sizes 8 to 16 Sun Country 
Sportswear, all stores except Las Palmas. 

Save 1/2 on famous maker sleepwear 
5" t o 1199 

Orig. 12.oo-25.oo. Solids in nylon tricot. 
Sleepwear, Main Moor Downtown, Not I i i 
Star, Windsor Park and Austin 

Save 8.o1 to 9.o1! 
Famous maker tops 
5" 

O rig. 14.oo-15.oo. Closeout from a famous maker! Sizes 8-16 Plaza Sportswear, all stores except Las Palmas. 

SHOP DOWNTOWN 1o-6 SATURDAY; BRA 

SAVE 1/2 ON MISSES’ 
SPORT SEPARATES 

2 97o 8 97 

Orig. 5.99-17.99. Save on tops, pants, jack­ ets and skirts in fall and holiday colors. 
Downstairs Sportswear, all stores 

SAVE 1/2 ON 
JR. SPORTSWEAR 

4 °o o 7oo 

Orig. 7.97-13.99. Save on pants, tops and skirts in fall and holiday colors, S-M-L or 5- 
13. Downstairs Juniors, all stores. 

SAVE 1.32 TO 4.73 ON 
FAMOUS NAME BRAS 
7 
J 27 

II perfect 2.59-6.oo. Assorted styles, white only. Broken sizes 32A to 44C Downstairs 
Foundations, all stores. Save now! 

SAVE 3.o2 ON LADIES’ 
SANDAL WEDGES 
397 

Orig. 6.99. Fashion styling, in rust, brown or blue, sizes S-M-L C h arge it in Down­ stairs Hosiery, all stores 

SAVE 4.o2 TO 6.o2 ON 
GIRLS’ 4-14 JEANS 

2 97 

, 
II perfect 6.99-8.99. Solids or novelties with sip fly. Cottons or polyesters. Blues. 
Giriswear, all stores 

SAVE 2.o2 ON BOYS’ 
LONG SLEEVE SHIRTS 

2 97 

Orig. 4.99. Solid colors in blue, beige or tan, 1oo% cotton Machine washable Some with tancy yokes Downstairs Bo/sw ear 

SAVE 2.o2 TO 11.o2! YOUNG 
MEN’S JEANS AND PANTS 
697 

Orig. 8.99-17.99. Pre-washed cotton denim jeans or polyester slacks in navy, brown or rust. Downstairs Young Men a, all stores. 

SAVE 2.o2 TO 4.o2 ON 
MEN’S DUAL PURPOSE SHIRTS 
497 

Orig. 6.99-8.99. Solid colors in knits and wovens, sport or dress, 14*/a to 17, long sleeves Downstairs Men s Wear all stores 

Twins enjoying life 

By MK H VKL 
QHN'I ANILLA 

For tin' past 25 yours. 
Ronnie and Donnie (in- 
Iv oil have survived as 
Siamese twins — p o s s i­ bly the only male Sia­ mese twins living tojjay, aeeording to their stepmother. Mrs. Wesley 
Calyon. 
The twins, featured on the midway of the Joe 
Freem an 
Coliseum grounds during the run of the San Antonio Stock 
Show and Rodeo, were born in Duvton, Ohio on 
Oft. 28. 1951. 
They are joined at the 
('lid of the breastbone by a cartilage, and are con­ nected from this point to 

"ll e Vc as human as e veryb od y else and alive as everybody else. Just because we're different doesn t mean we re not human' 

 the abdomen, lacing each other. 
They share a common navel, descending colon, one bladder aud one set of male organs, though each has h is ow ii kidney. 
They are normal in every other aspect — two arms and two legs — and full of life, love, and lots of personality as they discussed their lives as a rarity — not an oddity . 
Since the age of three. 
Ronnie and Donnie have been 
“ show-biz 

 personalities"' playing stock shows, festivals, shopping c e n t e r s , and county fairs in the Coifed 
States. Venezuela. Mexi­ 

 c o . 
Puerto Rico, and 
( amnia. 
“ We're in show busi­ ness. making a living, earning our w ay," 
Ronnie, the larger of the two young men said. 
The first 2o months of their lives was spent in the hospital undergoing 
X-ray and observation treatments tor the p o s s i­ 

 bility of an operation to separate them 
Two years later their parents decided against the operation when they found the twins had less than a 
5o per cent chance of surv ival if se­ paration was attempted. 
Death 
Separation would have meant death for one and probably for both, spe­ cialists predicted. 
“ Me and Donnie are lucky to be alive. Being 

JOSHES 

M A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

DIAMOND 
JOSHES 

A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

J O S H E S D IA M O N D SALOW 

Yellow gold love knot ring 

 with .55 carat diamond 
349 
95 

The perfect way to say love' is with this beautiful loveknot ring. It will be her most treasured possession. . always! 
Diamond Salon, Downtown Additional selection at North Star, Windsor Park 

Illustration e n larg ed to show detail 

, V * c (***>»•«• * isv* 
* 
J 
° A 

I Vi carats of 

 diamonds in a 

 ladies' white 

 gold watch 

1ooo 
OO 

This stunning watch with 
Wz carats of shimmering diamonds has a 17 jewel movement. She will enjoy it more each time she wears it. Diamond Salon, 
Downtown. Similar selec­ tion at North Star and 
Windsor Park. 

Illustration enlarged to show detail. 
SALON 

 alive is just the best th in g ." said Ronnie, making sure he was identified correctly. 
Donnie, who claims to be six seconds older, in­ terjected. “ We’re as hu­ man as everybody else and alive as everybody else. Just because we’re different doesn’t mean we’re not human.’’ 
The twins walk in a side straddle with ease. 
They sit. stand and move like clockwork — with precision, grace and unison, never consulting the other about what to do or w here to go next 
During conversation, many times Donnie will start a sentence and 
Ronnie will finish it. sensibly. 
They often speak sim ultaneously, som etimes saying the same thing. 

Read thoughts 
“ I guess sometimes we know what the other is thinking or w e’ll just start talking at the same time, saying, sometimes,, the same thing,’’ Ronnie said 
Sleeping isn’t difficult for the twins. They start out with Ronnie lying on his back and Donnie on a larger pillow lying on his stomach. 
Later in the night, they turn and sleep on their sides. Donnie said. 
As far as clothing is concerned, shirts are never a problem but a pants pattern has been designed for them with four legs and an elastic waistband. Donnie con­ tinued. 
Working on carnival midways about nine months of the year, they travel in a specially con­ structed house trailer w itll a glass wall that opens into the side of their show tent whenever they stop and set up. 
But while traveling is the m ajor interest the twins share, they are very different personal­ ities. 
Ronnie enjoys westerns 

RELAXING with their stepmother, Mrs. M ary Galyon, are Donnie, left, and 
Ronnie Galyon, 2 5 -year-old Siamese twins bTA” PHOTO BV STm CAMPKLl 

 and Donnie wrestling program s. 
Ronnie suffers from epilepsy and 
Donnie has a problem with migrane headaches. 
And they sometimes don’t eat the same meals and one would like to stay up later or go to bed ear­ lier. 
All this boils down to a lot of compromising, 
Ronnie said. “ We have learned to compromise. to take care of each other and just make it easier for both of us,’’ he said. 
Traveling as much as they do, the twins have not had much of a chance for a formal edu­ cation. They have had private tutoring, but claim they have had an education just from traveling and meeting people. 
Always the center of attention in public, 
Ronnie and Donnie said they take the stares and som etim es cruel c o m ­ 

 ments in stride 
Do they ever resent people staring at them or asking stupid questions? 
No resentment 
“ No, we’re used to it, just like we’re used to facing each other, traveling — just like you’re used to doing your job,” Ronnie said. 

I f they could be separ­ ated — into separate in­ dividual bodies right now . would they want it? 
Ronnie answered first 
“ We look at it like this, let God separate us. It was God’s will to make us like this. 
Donnie interrupted 
“ Me and Ronnie would have to learn how to re-do 

 everything — all over again. We would have to learn how to walk, eat, sleep, maybe even think and talk ” 
They both agreed they would never want to be separated and that life for them, conjoined, is just as normal to them as life is for the average human being. 

COOKWARE 
SALE! 

SATURDAY ONLY! 

SAVE 
TO 5o% 

ON THESE OUTSTANDING SPECIALS! 

Quantities are limited . . . so hurry! 

Housewares, Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Palmas and Austin, except where noted 

. J f 
/tx/(Swig? 

W e’ve done it again! 

TOUDOUZE 
Friday . . . Saturday 

BRASS PLATED 
HEADBOARD 
27 

TW IN SIZE 

REG. ft O O 
9 .o o 
• W W 

STRONG . . . DURABLE 
FOLDING CHAIRS 
QUANTITIES LIMITED 

59 
REG. 
7 8 .8 o 

3-PC. REDWOOD SET 
ASSEMBLE IT YOURSELF 
AND SAVE 1 8 .8 o 

 lf is rn 

 p r n 
* 
* 
** 
C t. 

 f 
4 »■ y A > 
T 
V* 
4 

SPECIAL 86 

MATTRESS ANO CRIB 
BOTH INCLUDED IN 
THIS PRICE. 

A * 

REG. * 
1 7 9 .8 o 149 

SAVE $ 3 o 
HIRCULON RECLINER 
IN MARIGOLD 

TOUDOUZE 
FURNITURE 

DOWNTOWN 7oo W Commerce 
SOUTH: 4ooo S Floret 
NORTH STAR 3o2 W Rector acron from the Mot! 
Downtown and Sow#) 
O p*n Daily 1o to 6 
Thorsby Tri 8 p m 
North Ita l Store Opmn Dotty 1o to 4 
Mon thou. In . M 9 p m 

Lopez Portillo to start tourism safety program 

C O M P ILE D F R O M w i r e SERVICES 
W A SH IN G T O N — The Am erican 
Automobile Assn sa>s Mexican Presi­ dent Jose Lopez Portillo has agreed to a wide-ranging program to improve the safety and convenience of Am eri­ cans dri\ ing in Mexico. 
At the same time. Lopez Portillo and 
President ( arter issued a joint com­ munique in which it was announced 
( arter has extended to Mexico almost the same special relationship with the 
I S that Has agreed on last year with 
Brazil, largest and richest of the Latin nations. 
AAA president Jam es ( real said 
Lopez Portillo promised him during a meeting that Mexico would implement recommendations from the AAA and the Mexican minister of tourism within two weeks. 
Warning 

Last December, the State Depart­ ment. at the urging of the AAA. warned Am erican tourists to avoid certain areas of the western Mexican states of Baja California and Sinaloa 

 because of bandit attacks. 
According to the State Department. 
18 Americans have been assaulted by bandits in that area since May and at least three have died. One of those shot to death was David Crawford of San 
Antonio. 
Lopez Portillo reportedly agreed to: 
• 
Estab lish m en t of a national emergency hotline manned by b ilin­ gual authorities. 
• Development of training programs for customs officials and police and adoption of national standards for handling tourist arrests and deten­ tions. . 
• 
Almost complete elimination of customs inspections at international airports and border crossings 
Green Angels 

The Roots Sale. 

Selected shoes and boots in every Roots shop are sale priced during January and February 
So. if you come in soon, you can save a lot of loot on a pair of Roots 

2o% to 5o% oft Now. 

4225 McCu l l o u g h — 822-o653 t w i H W ***"o * pimps 

■ im R o o t « ■ 

• 
An increase in the number of mobile units, known as Green Angels. along principal highways, particularly 
Highway lo. 
('real estimated J million Americans will travel to Mexico this year and spend approximately $2 billion. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S - S o l. Feb. 19 1977 H 

Man, 747 killed in road mishap 

An elderly pedestrian died Friday night after being struck by a car on a darkened Northwest road 
Police identified the victim as Rafael 
Sanchez. 74. of 92B S. Laredo St 
The accident reportedly occurred shortly after 7 p m oil the 11141o access road near Fredericksburg Road 
The driver of the westbound car was identified by officers as Harold Her­ man Hun/ dr . 42, of 2o2 Northhaven 
Drive 

Witnesses told police the victim stepped out iii front of the vehicle. 
Sanchez was thrown onto the hood of tin* vehicle and then into the wind­ shield 'lie was earned about OO lect before the car managed to stop, police said 
Sanchez was then thrown about 4o feet, police said 
The elderlv man was rushed to Bex­ ar County 
Hospital where he was pronounced dead at S 22 p.m. 

Jim Spear, a deputy for the coliseum po­ lice force, aids a driver in finding a parking space outside the Joe Freeman Coliseum. 
The San Antonio Stock Show and Rodeo continue to draw large crowds. 
— Staff 
Photo by Steve Campbell 
MH/MR plan hit by Reeves 

Rep. Frank Madia's proposal to place Bexar 
County Mental Health/Mental Retardation pro­ grams under state control could spell a $484.(Mill cut in county funds from those services 
‘I! the state takes over these services, t li ev can fund them." said Bexar County Judge Blair Reeves 
Friday. “ I think it would be a serious thing." 
Madia Wednesday asked the Legislative Budget 
Board to explore which of the county's MH/MR programs could be transferred to the San Antonio 
State Hospital on an outreach basis. 
It the county's funds are cut from tilt* program . that could lead to a cut in services — unless the state beefs up its funds. Judge Reeves said. 
The MH/MR board is made up of appointees from several governmental agencies in Bexar County, 
Reeves said he thought Commissioners Court would cut local money if local control was cut 
The .judge sent a letter to Com 
Albert Busta­ mante. who also heads the M H/M R Board, detailing where the $484.out) fund cut could lie 
That $484,(1(111 includes money for this fiscal year and projections for the next fiscal year 
A feud has been running between Madia and the local MH/MR board since last summer 
Madia last summer said the board was mis­ spending money. 
This week Madia said he was requesting inquiry into which programs could be transferred to state supervision because the MH/MR board had been unresponsive. 

BILL MILLER BAR-B-QUE COUPON 
Family Order Bar-B-Que Beef 

I 
I 
II 
I 
I 
III ll 

I lb. of delicious BBQ BEEF with SAUCE, and I pint each: COLE SLAW, POTATO SALAD, PINTO 
BEANS & LOAF OF FRENCH BREAD. 
_ 
__ 
Regularly $4 .9 5 , limit 2 m 
S 
TO GO 
ONLY 
SPECIALS EFFECTIVE THRU WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1977 

Fresh Baked, 9 ” Coconut 

C R E A M 
P I E r . . s i 
•I 

5 9 
TO OO ONLY 

COAST TO COAST 
DOOT BUV Alw 
PUnniTURE Til SUflDAV 

Browse Saturday 1o to 6 
Buy Sunday 11 to 7 

IO C 
\ 
I* * ? 

 t o 

$ 

(OBST IO f (MST 
N 
Sale 

A Great Way lo StTetch A Buck This Weekend 

BRAM) NAULS 
I RETAILER I 
OF’ 

 r / r jr 

KEEP-YOUR COOL 

 lf you have a problem your local store manager doesn’t solve, 

Call Miami, Fla. Haadquartar* 
Toll Frat 1 WO-327-7MS 

 h o i O M i « " l » * u | FVE* t l t t ! <UA*o»»>tOL 

543o GREAT FARE ROAD 

Loop (41o) Mid I 35 at Rittman Rd, E mu 
San Antonio, Texas 
(512) 661 5331 

V I HMtLfcRIMtiM rn P»K«d IDI p n k u p Al (HH #■« L « UK tMtfeAAi (fe to r* 
LOMA MMI O i ii TOR DUM. DA ti 
Im an «Mii«>AAi c Mai pi 
(Ti 

February 19 1977 

TH E SATURDAY 
EXPR ESS-N EWS 
EDITORIALS 

William J. Reddell 

Ed ito r o f Ed ito ria l P a g e 

C harles O . Kilpatrick 

Ed ito r a n d Publisher 

G eorge Carmack 
Associate Editor 
Fane L. Burt 

M a n a g in g Editor 
Carter challenges 
Soviets on treaty 

President ( arter is a dave 

 with steal Willis. 
( sin,i* the leverage al' the 

Helsinki 
Accords on 
Human 

.Rights ol‘ 1975, Mr. ( arter has repeatedly spoken up for those rights for all persons. He has broken the linkage theory of 
Henry-Kissinger that made the former Secretary of State timid about internal conditions in 
Russia lest he upset Kremlin lenders about all other topics of 
American interest. 
The unprecedented letter 

 from Mr. Carter to Andrei I). 
Sakharov is remarkable for se­ veral reasons. 
The letter was sent through 

 the C. S. Embassy in Moscow with the knowledge of Secretary of State Cyrus Vance. It was a deliberate move with ample time to (‘valuate likely results. 
The letter was released in 

Moscow by Sakharov, a leading nuclear physicist there. Sakhar­ ov is the Soviet Union's sharpest critic at the moment and he is, 

 iii effect, challenging his go­ vernment to respond to dis­ senters there who are pleading for implementation of the terms of the Helsinki accords. 
The Kremlin took immediate 

 umbrage at the Carter letter. 
That was anticipated. The letter was in response to one written to the President by Sakharov and it included this phrase, “ We shall use our good offices to seek the release of prisoners of cons­ cience (a title adopted by Soviet political prisoners), and we will continue our efforts to shape a 

 world responsive to human aspirations in which nations of differing cultures and histories eau bvt' side-by-side in peace and justice." 

That phrase was iii response 

 to Sakharov's plea for help to get the release of three dissi­ dents in Sov jet jails. Because the Helsinki accords, signed by the Soviets and the I . S. and other nations at the European 
Conference on Security and 
Cooperation, guarantee tin* free interchange of people and ideas, the Carter letter is a bold de­ claration that the American 
President takes the treaty terms seriously. 

Mr. Carter has embraced the 

 detente concept. He has nomin­ ated Paul C. Warlike to nego­ tiate arms limitations with the 
Soviets. Warlike* is regarded by 
Senate hard-liners as dovish. 
That is the soft side* of 

.Iimmv Carter. 
The insistence upon 

 fundamental concern for human rights in all foreign relations is a Carter pledge and it would be a mistake to believe In* will ea­ sily abandon it. It is our judg­ ment that the Kissinger ap­ proach was considered by the 
Soviets to be a weak spot. 
Whatever tin* perceptions, if 

 the Soviets won t honor the hu­ man rights treaty, it will be dif­ ficult to take seriously their word on other matters 
Mr 

Carter has made the challenge in human terms. We expect urn to hold the line. 

Take-or-pay gas contracts need new element of restraint 

A Texas Railroad Commis­ sion order this week aims at easing tin* pain of miscalculat­ ing supply-demand gas orders under iake-or-pay contracts. 
One of the problems has been 

 purchasers el gas. stuck with take-or-pay contracts, have been bad weather forecasters. 

Since gas is iii high demand. users tend to guess high and hope they won t be too far off. 
But under take-or-pay contracts, the distance off target can add up to a lot of money. 
Tilt* new order will use as a 

 base figure for deliveries both purchaser nominations and pro­ ducer forecasts. If performance shows tin* two sets of figures to be significantly out of tolerance, actual performance for the prior 

A way to gel 

It is the weed season and 

 complaints have started to be heard. 
Tilt* City has authority to get 

 weeds cut and it should spread the word now that weed-choked areas will be cleaned up — for a price. Usually, city crews mow lots and bill the landowner — or add the expense to the tax bill. 

W eeding season seem s to be a good t line* for a n o th e r and 

 too 
And this is Freddie, Mr. President 
. . Say “ Hello,” Freddie. . 
He’d like to say hello. 
Delay bond 

Sir I ani UMI per cent for improving tho teaching of our public school chil­ dren. but I am fearful of tho conse­ quences that may occur if the $49 million bond issue of the San Antonio 
Independent School District passes. 
Those bonds prov ide for the air-con­ ditioning of about r»r» schools in addi­ tion to the schools already with air­ conditioning. 
I quote from the Express (Feb. 7): 
“ This winter's natural gas shortage iii the Eastern two-thirds of the nation may In* followed by an electricity shortage that will hit Texas within the year.” 
With skyrocketing costs of energy and the strong possibility of the Arab nations’ abruptly increasing the* price of oil. cost of utilities could get so high that schools with air-conditioning may have to be closed 
I believe the prudent tiling to do is to 
I inst pone the present proposed bond issue for a year or more 
Another reason for the postponement t" that there I" a strong possibility that fluid" for school construction will ln> available in the very near future from the "tate and federal governments to supplement local monev 
VV It Mel hesney 
Added Flawn tacts necessary 

Letters 
TO THE EDITOR 

 le tte r ! to tbit n ew sp ap er should b e short an d they m ust be sign ed. Initials only will b e u se d of w riter’s req u est. Correct a d d re ss an d telep h on e num ber for identification o f letters are n ee d e d le tte r s will be e d ite d for length , g o o d ta s te ond le g a l re aso n s. 
A ddress: le tte r s to the ed itor, P.O. B o * 2 1 7 1 , Son 
Antonio. TX 7 8 2 9 7 . 

 it rue 
Dr Pi 

 ii M d l c * 
.resident at >an ton udu- 
F U mh > 

Allen backed on sentiments 

Sir: I wish to add my support to sentiments expressed by Dr. .limply 
Allen (Jan. 29). I am gratified that he has reaffirmed and reminded us that 
“ Christ's message centered in redir­ ecting the energies of destructive lives." 
If we are to seriously attempt crime prevention, we should start with the juveniles, rile chairperson of the Tex­ as Youth Council. Mrs Eat Avers, and her Ixia rd and every single one of those dedicated men and women on that agency need our total support so that the funds they need to carry on their work is not denied them 
A few minutes of conversation with any of those counselors, superv isors or board members will convince any one of the necessity to establish communi­ ty-fras*d-correct ions facilities for these youngsters 
M >t young people do not start as archcriminal* — they start nut as misguided, “ mis-parented” . or neg­ lected "tatu" offenders Placing them rn a correctional facility with the known juvenile offenders is like inten- 

12 months will be ana md 

 see what, if anything 
> to 
•* 

 done about it. 
A supplier, such a> s,; . \ 

 tonies 
(Lo-Yaca 
(tatter 

( o ) will purchase gas based * stated demands of custom ers I those stated demands arc ex­ cessive. Lo-Yaca winds up with more gas than needed and. un­ less there is another market, winds up taking a beating by paying for gas it can't sell. 
We are still inclined to sup­ port Rep. Joe Hanna's position that ail per cent margin for error under take-or-pay is about right. 
The commission’s order is an 

 exercise of power that is availa­ ble. Hanna's proposal would broaden the power within prac­ tical limits. th e w eeds cu t 

 more useful program. Uity and county could sponsor weed-cut­ ting crews and prov ide summer jobs. Crews could be made available at agreeable rates. 
Property owners could call for weeding service. Those who don't call and let their pro­ perties become mosquito-breed­ ing grounds would be billed, subject lo penalties and a tax lien. 

•rung I* 

 i pn and 
I'*’ 

 many 
> this xplam which would cd. 
•arch gcd in a lot of bil­ lie dilated on the i faculty member 

Dr Elawn indi truistic claptrap amount of time spends with students outside the classroom counseling or advising; he wrote (tf the student enjoying the pro­ tection of consumer legislation (rather far-fetched, isn t it?); he wrote of the necessity to “ continually develop, mo­ dify. revise, and refine programs” , he went on about committee assignments, library, computer center, academic probation and reinstatement, admis­ sions. promotions and tenure review, teaching evaluation, program and course development, etc., etc., ad infinitum, ad nauseam. 
I consider most of this gobbledy­ gook. If Dr. Flown furnished some statistics on the number of students and teachers, si/e of classes, number and type of classes each instructor teaches, number and type of com­ mittee assignments per instructor and hours devoted to such assignments, time spent iii those extraneous com­ munity public service assignments, etc., we would Im* in a belter position to determine the correctness of his con­ cern. 
It»\ M. Mueller 

 issue 

 bonally asking them to refine their tendencies 
People in community facilities pre­ sent no claimer to their neighbors. 
They arc known, arc supervised, and know thai they arc accepted, which is ol prime importance to most human beings 
We must urge out* legislators to allot funds not only to alleviate the over­ crowded facilities, but also to go even deeper to seek out the causes and the solutions for the rising crime statis­ tics 

A legislator once stated to Cl HE that as few as five letters agreeing on any one subject were enough to eon- v ince him to vote accordingly on a bill. 

Your legislator needs your opinion. 
Ask him to stop throwing away your tax dollar on proven useless ware­ housing of offenders and to seek some effective answers 
A child you know may lie caught iii the downward spiral tomorrow 
(Mrs.) Minnie Loera. 
Stale Chairman, Cl RE 

S h o c k in g tribute* lo N ixoii-kn ockers 

Sir A story has just been' published which tells the horrendous way the 
Hanoi guerrillas have accomplished the ‘•murder of a gentle land.” 
All Xixon-knockers and draftdodgers should take great interest in this story. 
It is a shocking tribute to them and to all Americans who threw daggers at 
President Nixon for his efforts to halt, the Hanoi guerrillas The account ap­ pears m February Reader’s Digest. 
John K. Kilgore 

Berry’s 
W orld 

Milstead of champagne, I think we ll KEALLY go first class and have “ Ie jus d’orange” !’ 
JCS fights GI benefit cuts 

WASHINGTON - Tim Joint 

Chiels el Stall (.ICS) appar­ ently are alarmed over attacks zeroing in on military pay and associated benefits. 
They have confronted incoming 
Defense Secretary Harold Brown with a stiff memorandum detailing tor the first time the full extent of post-Vietnam slashes inflicted on armed services compensation and 
|M*rquisltes 
The JC S memorandum is under­ stood as a warning shot not only to 
Brown but to the powerful Office ol 
Management and Budget (UM H). which has often favored slashing service benefit*, and. behind Brown and OMI), lo t undrest 

S e n s i b le 
The subject ol iiulitarv benefits is politically sensitive at this time tor several reasons 
< (ingress aud the public are now aware, as never before that inst over hail of a rising defense Prided i g * 

 per cent in the forthcoming fiscal year) goes to expenses associated 
With people 
Brown has publicly singled these 
((til as targets for possible cuts and has (Huntedly asked whether what the military gets ‘ exceeds the lair value of their sen lees 
The OMR, which has long raised sim ilar questions, is gunning as never before to knock down fringe benefits that people in uniform feel they were promised when they joined up. 
Fair shake 

Du the other hand, the lank-and- tile military feels strongly it has not getting a lair shake and has complaining vociferously that dollars and cents 

Col. 
Robert I). 
Ileinl .lr. 

Government Employees (A F C E ), which is oui to unionize the armed forces, strongly supports soldier complaints and says that m ilitary leaders dike the JC S) are ineffectual aud uninterested iii standing up for their troops. 
In the alntvc context the purpose* of the JUS remonstrance are as follows: 
Keen been peru I have 

DMH 
* IM H men tai the 

 mites w of i Ii steadily etude h comp!.cols and the Renta cpl ions * on ti 
Mot women dug advantage 
American 

 art* as art 

MHI lo 
•moled 

 mal lull 

• 
Hi dnctmu thai the service' mere * (a t cep! Ic 
• lo warn Set ingress — i* military nut Chiefs 
•f milttur iv into th 

 and 11 eppos the it 

 hi rec 

‘tit once and for ail grievances are not us” bul real, rotary thrown, DMH. all ut whom strongly unionization as do 
— that further era* 
; bein his will play e hands ol implant 

AFGF organizers. 
• To show people iii uniform that their leaders are aware of their com­ plaint* and intend to fight for redress and a reversal of the post-Vietnam trend. 
IK reductions 

In their memorandum to Brown, the Joint Chiefs detail IS major re­ ductions in military lieiiefits aud pay since 197H. together with five more which are iii the null. 

Nine of these proposed or past slashes were inflicted, the memo points out, tty Congress, eight by 
OMB. and the remainder by past de­ fense secretaries and their staffs 

Since 1973. armed forces personnel and their dependents have sustained three successive cutback* in medical aud dental cure, with a fourth under 
(iKisideratlou 
Despite lip service to Pie utl-volun- leer concept, re-cnlispnent Inmost** amt incentives have in-en severely cut back lour Pines 

Educational aud related benefits, both in-service and post-service ((ii 
Bill), have been cut back or cut out. 

Retirement 

Military retirement benefit* have 
Imh'U tut hard Tax exemptions on tile pay of disabled serv icemen have been eliminated. Formulas for computing cost-of-living adjustments in retired pay have liven juggled adversely, and further assaults on reprint benefits and pay are now being mounted in 
Imth the Pentagon and Congress 
So-called "pay caps” — arbitrarily low ceilings on cost-of-living in­ creases or inflation — have tieen ap­ plied twice (1975 and 197H) amt are tieing reproposed this year by DMH 
Flits by no means exhausts the ex­ amples sent forward by the Joint t htef* to Secretary Brown 

 real 
•ti or ami are ad a 

 nstrate howevi a n d e r s sav the 
.accessive grtc 
Mg those ill |H'f d bulter, 

 r, that troop* am es cpl ion 

Problem of aliens was not discussed 

WASHINGTON - The new president of Mexico, Jose Lopez 
Portillo, and President Carter had a useful and even amiable 
\ isit here over the last few days. 

This first state occasion for both of them, however, is a reminder of the poverty of power — of how little even the most influential politicians can do lo relieve the basic problems of two such friendly but different neighboring states. 
When Lopez Portillo discussed 
I'.S.-Mexican relations with President 
Gerald Ford a while ago. Ford ended their meeting by saying this was all very interesting and he hoped the 
Mexican president would say the same thing to Ford’s staff. 
More attentive 
(’arter was apparently more atten­ tive and practical. 
Lopez Portillo said before he left that 
“ ( arter has the gift of seeing the problems of finance, trade, technology and immigration in relation to one an­ other,” and ( arter committed himself personally to review the work of the joint U.S.-Mexican study commission and meet regularly to analyze the problems that have divided the two countries. 
But even so, these friendly conver­ sations did not get at the brutal facts. 
For the history of nations is not de­ termined by their leaders, except when they go to war. 
In general these days history is influenced more by tin' private actions of millions of people — by the poverty of the human mind and particularly by the fertility of the human body. 
Basic problem l ins is the basic problem between the United States and Mexico. 
Carter and Lopez Portillo saw it as a common concern of the hemisphere, and not as a conflict between the capi­ talist and the Third Worlds, as it was seen by former President Luis Eehe- verria of Mexico. 
They agreed on ways to ease it through better terms of trade for 
Mexico, through credits from the In­ ternational Monetary Fund and from the World Bank whose President Ro­ bert McNamara “ filled me with enth­ usiasm.” Lopez Portillo said. 
But they cannot really deal with the long-range problems so long as Mexi­ co's population growth outruns its in­ dustrial and agricultural production and its ability to produce jobs at liv ing wages for the millions of Mexicans who are entering the United States illegal­ ly. 
Not explored 

Again tins problem was mentioned iii the talks between the two presidents but not really explored. 

When President Lopez Portillo was born m 192(1. the population of Mexico was 14.SCHUMM. It is more than HS mil­ lion today. It is now increasing by over two million a year compared to the natural increase (births over deaths) of 1.24o,WM) a year in the United States. 

Feheverria told me a few months ago that Mexico’s population would be 
125 million to 127 million by the end of the century. 

President Lopez Portillo, questioned on this in our conversation, said that over a million Mexican women of child-bearing age were now involved in family-planning programs, and that the population would be nearer to HO million or 12o million by the year 2»MM) 
Not U.S. business 

What the Mexicans do with their population, of course, is none of our business — until they cross the U.S. iwirder. 
But with no effective social security or unemployment insurance, half the work force unemployed or under-em­ ployed and inflation running at about 
JO per cent, illegal (or to use the polite word “ undocumented” ) Mexicans, ac­ cording to the I S. Labor Department, now number about eight million, more than the total number of U.S. unem­ ployed — and Eat iii American experts at the State Department put the illegal alien figure nearer IO million. 
In a country that was prepared to do it* own work and pay attention to what s happening to it. this would Im* a howling political crisis, but ifs only recently that the politicians have be­ gun to realize that in the past year the aliens entering the United States, most of them illegally, probably outnum­ bered the natural increase of our own population, 
This problem is getting beyond the control of presidents, 
It is a primary concern of the un­ employed and the unions, and the 
Congress of the United Slates I asked 
President Lopez Portillo whether he noticed a little sign on President 
Carter** desk in the Oval Office. 
“ O God, thy sea is so great and m,v 
Ixia! is so small.” 
No. lie said, but it was true: All pres­ idents could do was to try to guide the bual **It I* not a mailer of the effort of 
.(•ne man alone," Lopez Portillo said iii hi* inaugural address, “ but a feat we must all achieve together.” 
Still, the two president* didn't really get down to Bu* illegal invasion from 
Bu* South or the economic aggression 
(rom the North 
Ate were just truing to get to know out anotto t he saki 
Mavis next time, 

.San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Saturday February 19 1977 

Mrs. O’Hair wants no prayer 

The o d d s m a k e r s wouldn't jjive her a p ra y e r ot a chance in her bid For th e A u s tin City 
C ouncil. B u t. th e n M a d a ly n 
M urray O T ia ir w ou ld n ’t want the prayer. 
That notorious atheist — so m eti m es called th e most hated w om an in the world, s o m e ti m e s just ref erred to as 
“ that kook" — only wants the chance 
T he City Council needs an honest person on it.” explains the 57-year-old woman, who settled in Austin a decade 
.i*jo a t t e r t h e U.S. S u p r e m e C ourt banned p ra y e r in public schools — a case she initiated. 
Besides h e m s nail-hard honest, Mrs. 
O’Hair says she knows the issues. 

Up to oars 

I a m fed up to my e a rs in politi­ c ian s . I w a n t to be a s t a t e s m a n . ” 
Statesmen, of course, are the ones who handle g overn m enta l affairs w itll more wisdom and dignity than politicians. 
The m ulti tu de of Mrs O ’H a ir’s c ri­ tics will sh rug and say M a dalyn’s inst trying to m a k e headlines — again 
She’s had a sha re already with her c o n t r o v e r s i a l a t h e i s t i c b e li e f s a n d her continuous tight to m a k e a place for the "nonbelie ver." 

The blood of m a i n s t r e a m A m erica has alternately chilled and heated with 
M a d a ly n ’s activities. So it ’s ha rd to know what to expect when e ncounte r­ ing this woman Thi^ atheist w bo s also an author, an attorney, a psychiatric case worker. 

She’s blunt. " I ’m going to the john before we get st arted. Otherwise. I'd 

‘I'm m ore kn ow ledgeable than any [Person in the country on the corruption o f the church and on atheism. Vin b eyon d outrage. I lire in a constant state o f Jury.' 

 inst he u n c o m f o r ta b le , ” sh e say s on the introductory handshake. 

Some people would find her co nver­ sation offensive. I t ’s s c a t t e r e d with expletives that m u s t be deleted from news copy. 
K she a publicity hound? 
Oh. come on, Madalyn says from her well-windowed office in the American 
Atheist (’cuter in Austin She says the publicity she g ets is " a d r o p in the bucket." 

Then she puts on the black glasses that hang around her neck and st arts r u m m a g i n g through stack s of p ap ers for som eth ing to illustrate her point. 
The New York T im es and the \Vasitia- ton Post wouldn't let her run classified ads in th e ir p a p e r s until IS m o n t h s ago, she says 
She talks about other censorship. 
"W e c a n ’t get through to the m e d i a . ” 

"S om e tim e s I say. ‘Madalyn. you're a paranoid nut. But, then I start doing my research, and I’m not.” she says a bit later. 
The church has such a stranglehold it cows everyb od y.” 

Madalyn Murray O'Huir — with her 

 shapeless g ra y d re s s and overw eight body — looks like a e o o k i e - b a k i n g g r a n d m o th e r . Almost. Her face with its large greenish eyes and silver-hair is p r e t t y a n d h u m a n e , b u t i t ’s ' t o o s t r o n g to c o m e a c r o s s a s a eookie-baker. 
So is lier personality 
As one of the e stim ate d 25 million ath eists in A m e ric a (t h e 25 million , 
Madalvn says, is a Gallup Poll figure), 
Mrs o Hair says it s dead wrong to say she believes there is no God 
She just hasn t seen the proof of one. 

 lf you ask an atheist. ‘Do you be­ lieve in G o d ? ’ H e ’s g o i n g to s a y . 
‘Which one?’” Mrs. O ’H air explains. 
"W a s there a creation — Who in the hell knows,” the woman continues making her point. 
"W h at w e ’re saying is do not close theories by saying God did it. Ath­ eists are willing to ac k ­ n o w l e d g e t h e i r i g n o r ­ an ce .” 
T h e g r a v - h a i r e d w o ­ man says she b e ca m e an a t h e i s t o n e w e e k e n d when she was 12 years old 
She picked up the 
Bible and read it cover to eovcr. "It was incredible. 
I abandoned it that wee­ ke nd." 

Despite that experience she s taken n um erous theology courses oily to find 
— "M y first perception was c o rr e c t.” 
Mrs. O ’H a ir’s at heism edged into the m a i n s t r e a m w h en B a l t i m o r e school officials were trying to to v c her sen to pray in school. 
That string of events which included the S u p r e m e Court a n d s k i r m i s h e s with the police changed the direction of h e r life, b o o te d h e r out of t h e estab lishment, got hor m o re interested iii her cause. 
" I ’m mor e knowledgeable than any person in the country on the corruption of th e c h u r c h a n d on a t h e i s m . I 'm beyong outrage, bi live in a constant state of fury,” says the woman 
“ The cultu re we live in is insan e. " s h e ’ll say again and again. “ W e’re not 

 going to chang e it bv praying. We c a n ’t do it in a g ra n d sweep cither — there s no m ira cle solution ” 

"How in the hell do we live with each other as people when the whole culture is disho nest, s c h e m in g aud the g r e a ­ test culprit is the peddler of religion " 
" l f you know so m e th i n g about tin* 
Christian life, y ou’re taught from the first that y o u ’re no-good religion is anti-life, a n ti -sex a n d a n t i - w o m e n . " says Mrs O ’Hair. 
"R e l ig io n 's g reatest c r i m e is what it's done to the m inds of men. women an d c h i l d r e n . . th e p sy c hologic al damage . The gu ilt." 
On the other hand. Mrs O'Hnir con­ ti n u e s . “ a t h e i s m is a p o s i ti v e aud uplifting philosophy of life w e ’ve got the monkey of guilt off our hacks 
" W e ( a t h e i s t s ) h a v e to c o n f r o n t these ideas that are sick Fight them tooth and nail and move h u m a n d e ­ velopment to another plateau." 
Then. she sm iles — a w a rm sm ile as s h e w a t c h e s h e r 1 1 -y ea r-o ld g r a n - daughter. " T h e christians arc going to be proud to have us lead them out of the wilderness." 

M ADALYN O HAIR 
...w an ts Austin job 

ROSALYNN CARTER 

Continued f ro m P a g e IA interview a f t e r m o v i n g into t h e W h i t e H o u s e . 
" S o . I e x p e c t to go to so m e C a b in e t m e e t i n g s an d CII be b r i e f e d on foreign affairs — except for classified m a t e ri a l." 
But M r s . C a r t e r h a s a lr e a d y ta k e n acti on in her p r i m a r y interest m e n t a l h e a l t h 
S he r e ­ vealed that the President s i g n e d an 
E x e c u t i v e 
Order Thursday creatin g a P r e s i d e n t i a l C o m m i s ­ sion on Mental Health. 
She will intro duce the 
Executive Director of the new C o m m i s s i o n , Dr. 
T h o m a s E. B ry a n t, and will participate with him iii outlining the c o m m i s ­ sion’s goals. 
“T h i s is a fie ld in which I ve been intere st­ ed since 
.Jimm y was g o v e r n o r .” M rs C a r t e r said. 
She is also c o n c e rn e d about the proble m s of the e l d e r l y a n d w ill be i n ­ volved iii p r o g r a m s that w ill c a s e t h e i r p l i g h t 
During the c a m p a ig n I saw f i r s t - h a n d that so- mething positive must be done for the e ld er ly ." she said "A nd I do plan to do som ething about it 
Other projects 

W h a t o t h e r p r o j e c t s will occupy her time? 
“ At t i n s t i m e . it s difficult to be specific about any one tiling." she said. "W he n .Jimmy was g o v e r n o r . 
I saw th a t 
" t i l e r n e e d s d e v e l o p e d tram time to time. and as you learn m ore about si­ tuations. your directions often c h a n g e . But I do know that ITI be very in- v "Iv ed iii tilt1 a r e a s iii which I ’m knowledgeable a n d c an m a k e a d i f f e r ­ en ce.” 
* 
Mrs. C a r t e r said sh e h a s n t studied other first ladies and do esn t expel t to e m u late any of th e m . " E a c h w o m a n is unique unto he rs elf." she observed 
However, sh e told me that Lady Bird John s o n 
— th e la s t D e m o c r a t i c first lady in t h e W h ite 
House — encouraged her bv saying that there is so m uch a first lady can ac­ complish 
" B u t Mrs Jo hnson al- 
*o urged m e to enjoy the fob while I’m working at it aud ITI try to follow her suggestion 
K o s a lv nu ( a r t e r said she believes wives of po­ lit Ital figures " ought to take advanta ge of the op­ p o r t u n i t i e s we h a v e to s e n e. T here is no end to what we can do from our vantage point." 
She sa v s she looks for­ ward to working closely with J o a n Mondal e. th e vice p r e s i d e n t s wife. 
Just as the President re ­ gard s Walter Mondale as o n e of his c l o s e s t a d ­ v is ers, M rs C u r te r has r e s p e c t for 
M r s 
M o n d a y s views. So the wives will have their own 
C’a r t e r - M o n d a I# team 
‘M oan h a s o ff e re d to work with me iii most of illy pro O tis she said. aud I iii counting on her su p p iri We share an hi* ie rent in concent for the e ld e r tv anti that will he one of the first projects we'It work on to g e t h e r. 
Ju a n flus a sp* taal inter* os! til the a r t s so she II be a c t i v e iii t h u F u t v a , 

MRS. CARTER a t her W h ite House desk during in te rv ie w 

And be cause I see no way iii h a n d l i n g all th e n u ­ merous groups of people that will he v isitmg. .loan has prom ised to help me by h o s t i n g s o m e of t h e m .” 
Routine 
It d i d n ’t t a k e M rs, 
Carte r long to settle down into h e r W h i t e H o u s e routine even though she hasn't vet unpacked all o! the household it em s and personal effects 
“ It s not t h a t m u c h dif ferent from when we lived in th e G o v e r n o r s 
Mansion in Georg ia .” she told me. "T h e n I went to th e office e v e r y d a y just as I do now 
I had projects to work on as I do he re ." 
E a ch m o r n in g at H JO she m e e ts w itll most ot h e r 1 8 -m e m b e r staff in her eorncr-rootn office iii 

 h a d t i m e to p l a n a n y trips on her own or on the 
Pre s id e n t’s behalf. 
However, slit4 said she had dis cu ssed with him the idea of his first heli­ c o p t e r f l ig h t to P i t t s ­ burgh to see som e ot the d a m a g e w roug ht bv the series of winter storm s that had hit the East and 
Middle W est 
" L a t e r on. I expect to tr a v e l an d h elp J i m m y w herever he needs me,: she ad d e d 
" B u t first I need to get acquainted with m y new h o m e and my staff and to coo rdin­ ate my activities.” ” 
Impact 
Asked what impact the presidency has m a d e on lier life. Sirs. C a rter re- s I winded: " I t ' s som ething we cant impaled for a long time. but of course it has m a d e a great impact 

'M rs. 
Johnson nisi* urged me to enjoy the job while I'm w orking at i t 9 

 plied. " A c tu a l ly I think s h e ’s well ad ju ste d, an d 
I'm going to try to keep it that way ." 
Visitors 
One of M r s. C a r t e r ’s first visitors at the White 
H o u s e w a s 
M a r g a r e t 
T ru d e a u , the youn g and glamorou s wife of 
C a n a d a ’s P r i m e Minister 
Pie rre T ru d eau 
While the two first la­ dies were ch atting over tea. Amy bo unced in to show h e r m o t h e r a pho ­ t o g r a p h of t h e W h i t e 
House she had taken with h e r ow n c a m e r a a n d which she had developed a n d p r i n t e d h e r s e l f in photography class at Ste­ vens E le m en ta ry School. 
Before they m o v e d to t h e W h i t e H o u s e A m y was hesitant about going to Washing ton and Univ tug her friends in Plains, 
Ga “ Now,” Mrs Curter says, " s h e see m s to like living h e re .” 
T h e f i r s t w e e k A m y tried out the W lute House bow ling alley and had a snow ba ll fight with h er motlier and her brothers right outside the oval of­ fice. 

 the east wing: w orks at her de sk on le t te r s and p h o n e c a l l s a u d p l a n s itineraries 
In the a f t e r n o o n , s h e h a s a p p o i n t m e n t s , a n d s p e n d s s o m e t i m e w it Ii her dau g h te r Amy. aged 

She tries to eat lunch with the President as re­ gula rly a s I h e i r indiv i* dual schedules will p e r ­ m it 
They oat a light lunch, soup aud a sand* w tell 
D in n e r is t h e i r la r g e m eal, d u r i n g which the f a m i l y g ath ers to e x ­ c h a n g e t h o u g h t s a n d ideas 
"I tell 
J i m m y w hat I’ve done all day. and he tells me what he has done.” she said. 
Two bons 
The Carters* two sons, 
Chip and Jeff, and their wives live at th e W hit e 
House (Tup s wife C a r ­ oli. e x p e c t s a b a b y i i i early March " I rn really looking forward to a new 
|gi a u d e h ilU . ’ Kosalv nil 
I a r t e r said 
I h e ir first and only grandchild. J a ­ son. is th e o ff s p ri n g ot 
Hic ( a r t e l s eldes t son, 
J a c k 
W ith Amy st ill g r a ­ d u a l l y a d j u s t i n g lo school (she Is tile first chilli of a P r e s i d e n t tu attend a public seland in s e v e r a l d e c a d e s J, Mrs 
I a r t e l s a i d »hc basti t 

 on all of our lives.” 
“ We realize th e e n o r ­ m o u s r e s p o n s i b i l i t i e s t h a t go w ith th e p r e s i ­ dency and we intend to c a r r y t h e m o u t. We ll make a great effort to see that our country becomes a better place in which to live." 
Mrs ( a rter is aw are of the e n o r m o u s m e d i a a t ­ tention that Amy has re ­ c e i v e d s i n c e 
J i m i n y 
( a r t e r first b u r s t in to national prominen ce But 
Kosalv nu takes it calmly a n d s a y s h e r d a u g h t e r does too. 
" T r u e , th ere has been a lot of p u b li cit y about 
A m y , ” sh e s a y s with a sigh. " b u t d o n ’t forget, she has had news people around lier since she was 
2 y e a r s old 
— w h e n 
J i m m y first ra n for g o ­ vernor Most of the tim e she is oblivious to it. 
" I want h er to att en d school aud lead as n o r ­ mal a life as she t a n under the circumst ances, so Cd like to k eep h er stutt ere d from the press vv lieu I eau 
I asked if she thought 
Viny w a s " s p o i l e d , * a w o rd m a n y p e o p l e i i i 
W a s h i n g to n u s e d a b o u t her daughter even before the fanttiv moved into the t White House 
I dolt f H unk s h e is si tolled, 
Mrs. I after re* 

Despite the p o m p and c ir c u m s t a n c e that inevi­ tably su rro u n d the pres i­ dency. even one as infor­ m a l a s J i m m y C a r t e r w a n t s to m a k e it. 
Kosalynn C a rte r d o e sn ’t see her own role us first lady m a k in g any pro found difference in her lifestyle. lier role 
She sees her role as the p r e s i d e n t ’s wife e s s e n ttally the s a m e as her life a s th e wife of a y o u n g 
Navy officer who bec am e a s u c c e s s f u l p e a n u t f a r m e r , b u s i n e s s m a n aud governor 
— as 
“ p a r t n e r w ith m y h u s ­ ba n d ." 
" A t th e s a m e time,* sh e said. " I hope to re tam m y own identity aud to be an i n d e p e n d e n t person — one who is able to gel close to the |**ople 
— i i i that way, I can he more of my own person as well us a great help to 
Ji miny . . , I’m h i k i n g fo r w a r d to a very c h a l ­ lenging ex pe ri ence,” 
Asked if u n e m p l o y ­ m e n t is hu rt him w o m e n 

 i i i p a r t i c u l a r , sh e sa id. 
• W o m e n s u ffe r fr on t it mo re than m e n T here is so much unemployment iii th e co u n try 
W o m e n a r e n ’t n e c e s s a r i l y th e last to lie aff ec ted. T h e cold w eather only hurt u more.” 

HANDY ANDY FROSTED ALMOND 
TORTE 
CAKE 
7-INCH 2 LAYER 

W ) 

BORDEN’S VANILLA 
SCOOPIN’ 
ICE CREAM 

HALF GAL. CTN. 

(B 
Z 
DOtS NOT 
INUUDf 
GOLDIN 
V ANH LA blanchi 
Andy 

^ ■ w e g iv e^ H 
GOLD BOND 
M s t a m p s ^ 

CALIFORNIA U.S. NO . I 
LARGE SIZE 6 o 
AVOCADOS 

6 J I 
OO 

CUDAHY BAR S 
BONELESS 
HAM 

FULLY COOKED 
5 TO 8 LB. A V G . 
HALF OR W HOLE 
P O U N D .............. 
69 

WATER 
ADDED 

Aunt Jemima Original 
Pancake Mix . . i ib. b o .75« 
Royal, Assorted, 3-o s. pkg. 
Gelatin D esserts 

Aunt Jemima 
Syrup.. 

16-os. jar 

2 4 os. btl.M 21 

16-os. jar 
JKF ■ { 
Miracle W h ip 
O I 

M axw ell House 
Instant Coffee 

Vitalis Liquid 
Hair Tonic... 

1o-o s. far 

1 9 * 

»3“ 

I 2-os. btl. 

K raft with M eat Sauce 
Spaghetti... bo. 

K raft, Plain or Hickory 2 8 -o s . btl. 
Barbecue S auce...... 

79 

85 

1 o o s 
Excedrin Tablets 

Robitusin 
Cold Formula__ 

•I 
•I 

7 9 

1 9 

4 - O S . 

Arm A Ham m er, Aerosol, 
Oven Cleaner. • 8-o s . can89 
Dupont Budget S I O ff Label 
Sponge.............. 4 pack 

89 
49 

A rtificial Sw eetener 
Sweet 'N Low .. 

A B I * { 
For Decorating or Planting a 
£ 
Seagrass B askets. ..B " 

Kosy Kitten Tuna m 4 % % 
Cat Food 
. . 6 -o s . can 
I w 

P .n k ..o « » y 
IV /,-o x .$ I 7 9 
Pink Salm on can 
I 

Friskies Dinner Dry 
C MBB 3 9 
Dog Food 
2 S-lb. bag 9 

Handy Andy Frozen G rade ‘‘A*' Fancy 
Orange Juice 
12-o1. ton 55 

Cowboy Kitchen Frosen All M ea t 
Chili....... 
16 -o s . pkg 

Country Cupboard Frosen 
Pumpkin Pie . 3 o -o s . box* 1 

2 9 

 as 

Rosorito j j OJ 
Refried Beans.... 
35* 
Pet Rifs Fro sen 
Pie Shells (2) . ..IX 

Chiffon Soft 
M a r g a r in e . . 2 / 8 -os. tubs 

AD EFFECTIVE THRU 
SAT., FEB. 19, 1977 
W I WELCOME FOOD STAMPS 
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO 
LIMIT QUANTITIES 

69 
Hondy Andy Frosen W hipped 
Topping..... 
49' 
49 

Handy 
Andy 

9-o s . bow l 

OPEN WIEK DAYS 8i3o A M. TO 9 P M 
St ORIS NO I, «, IO, 12 ANO 14 
Cl OM Af I PM 
OPEN SONDAY IO A M IO 6 P M 
UCIPT SlOtf NO JO CINJRAl PARR* 
CLOUD LUNDAY 

CHARGE ACCOUNT 
G IT $1ooo.oo INSTANT CREDIT. IF YOU HAVE A VALID MASTER CHARGE, 
B A N K AM ER ICARD, DINERS CLUB, AM ER IC A N EXPRESS OR CARTE 
BLANCHE CARD 
ARE EMPLOYED, OF LEGAL AGE, HAVE A LISTED 
PHONE, A VAUD DRIVER'S LICENSE AND OW N YOUR OW N HOME. 

SEE YOUR SUNDAY EXPRESS-NEWS FOR 
MORE DETAILS 
IFO IT BLEDSOE 
WAREHOUSE 
1114 W. COMMERCE 
■ SOUTH OF THE OVERPASS 

NO 
REFUNDS 

NO 
EXCHANGES 

ALL 
SALES 
FINAL!!! 

LIMITED 
QUANTITIES 

Many got cash 

MEW VORK TIMES SERVICE 
WASHINGTON - In addition to making clan­ destine ( ash payments to 
King Hussein of Jordan, the 
United 
S tate s , through the Central In­ telligence Agency, has given cash directly to a number of other foreign leaders in return for fa­ 

 vors over the years, in­ telligence officials said 
Friday. 
Those listed as past recipients included P re ­ sidents Chiang Kai-shek of the N ati o n a li s t g o ­ v e r n m e n t on T a i w a n . 
Ramon Magsa.vsay of the 
P h ilip p in e s . S y n g m a n 
Rhee of South Korea. 

Se se Seko M obutu of 
Zaire. 
E d u a r d o 
F re i 
Montalvo of Chile and 
Ngo Dinh Diem of South 
Vietnam. 
In addition, the offi­ cials said, ca^h payments had been made for var­ ious p e rio d s to 
Luis 
Echeverria when he was interior minister of Mex- 
CIA FI NDS 

< opt inn ed I r o m P a g e IA national leaders who had secret finan­ cial relationships with the CIA. 
Tile hook, “ The CIA and the ( ult of 
Intelligence.” by Victor Marehetti, a former CIA official, and John Marks, a former State Department officer, was published with the names of the reci­ pients deleted, said sources familiar with the original manuscript. The de­ letions were ordered in federal district court as a result of the CIA civil suit. 

The Dalai Lama, the exiled god-king of Tibet, was on the (TA payroll for some time after he fled to India in 1959 to escape the Communist 
Chinese takeover of Tibet. He is equivalent lo the Pope to an estimated (I million Ti­ betans. It is also not known if these payments continue. 
Such payments are not the only focus nf the review announced by Powell 
Friday. Sources said the review is a sweeping look al the current o p e ra­ tions of all intelligence agencies 
“ It’s not inst to see what is proper.” one source said. “ It is a question of whether the operations are worth the money . . . ifs a budget review also." 
Powell said th e review of intelli­ gence activities would also involve senior officials from the Office of 
Management and Budget 
At the same time, the sources said that the review will not he another at­ te m pt in the w o rd s of one-of the sources, to “ dig back into the past and find all the skeletons and wave them around . . . the President (inst) wants lo know w b a t 's h a p p e n i n g on his watch.” 
Decisions 
Powell said Friday iii his prepared statement the review of intelligence activities involves all senior national security officials and it began “ almost from tile first day of the adm inistra­ tion. 
“This review is nearly completed.” 
Powell said, “ and, on the basis of its findings, the President will make basic decisions concerning the future of such activities.” 
Powell added. “ The objective'of the review is to m ak e certain that ac ti­ vities are proper, to ensure full com­ pliance with oversight procedures by law. and that what can he done openly is not done secretly.” 
As a m atte r of policy Powell said that he would not comment “ either to confirm or deny — any stories con­ cerning alleged covert activities.” 
In his session with reporters, the press secretary doggedly refused to elaborate on his opening statement. At times during the sensitive briefing the questioning grew tense and Powell ap­ peared to he groping for words. 
Sources said P resident C a rter o r ­ dered the Hussein payments stopped this week within a day of learning of them. 
In addition, reliable congressional sources said the President has already stopped several other CIA activities and reported their termination to the 
Senate Intelligence Committee. 
Authoritative sources said the pay­ ments to Archbishop Makarios were made at the time the United States. 

 with the tacit consent of the neutralist 
Cypriot president, flew U2 reconnais­ sance mis sions to the Middle East from the British sovereign base of Ab­ rotin on the southern end of the island. 
The CIA also maintained special r a ­ dios near the northern seacoast town of 
Kyrenia to monitor radio communica­ tions from nea rby countries in the eastern Mediterranean. 
Cypriot officials have privately ack­ nowledged the receipt of special U.S. governm ent funds by Makarios hut m a in ta in ed they w ere used by the archbishop for official governmental purposes. 
Gull* Coast group does it up bi” 

Gulf Coast Day committee members swept into the Family Center at Joe 
Freeman Coliseum Friday with the energy of a coastal hurricane and soon transformed the special days booth into a top attraction of the day. 
With Billy Zwersehke as the day’s chairman and J im Wilson of the Port 
Lavaca/Calhoun County Chamber of 
Commerce as his top assistant, the 
(•((ast group had exhibits of industry, samples of broiled shrimp and attrac­ tive samples of natural life as visitor lures. 
One section of the exhibit was fur­ nished by Union Carbide. This had samples of both low and hard density pellets made from natural gas at the firm's plant at Seadrift. 
Overjoyed 
The s a m e p a r t of the booth had flashlights, plastic hags, batteries and many other items made from the pel­ lets. Young people were overjoyed to get a combination reflector and spin­ ner for their bicycles The gadgets were made from the high density pel­ lets. 
The exhibit hit a tem p o rary snag when Joe Surovik. Extension Service marine biologist, had to rush out and buy an aquarium for the marine life in the exhibit. Two aquariums were bro* ken when his pickup truck blew a tire on the way to San Antonio from Port 
Lavaca. 
A panel showed pic tures and had samples of some of the county's agri­ cultural products. 
M a rga ret Rhule. Calhoun County extension demonstration agent, used microwave ovens to prepare shrim p and rock shrimp for the visitors. The rock shrimp are caught off the Yuca­ tan coast of Mexico. 
Nets, ropes and palm fronds gave a rustic touch to the exhibit 
An Alcoa exhibit showed the bauxite ore as it is received at Point Comfort, the refined product and an ingot of aluminum. 
Some of the visitors got instruction from Howard Hartzog on the devilling of the rock shrimp. 

 leo. Carlos Andres Perez when he was in terio r minister of Venezuela. 
Gen. P h ao S riva nond when he was police chief of Thailand and Holden 
Roberto, leader of the 
National Front for the liberation of Angola. 
“ You name 'em and they got money,” said a former U.S. ambassador familiar with the c l a n ­ destine payments 
I example 
Roberto, for example, received an annual r e ­ tainer of $1o.(HH) from the 
CIA from I BH I until the conclusion of the Angolan civil war last year in re­ turn for supplying intel­ ligence r e p o r t s to the agency. “ It was what we called ‘look-in money,’” an ag e n cy official r e ­ called. 
Harrison M. Symmes, who was am bassador to 
Jordan from 1967 to 197o, said he had long opposed overall 
U.S. policy toward Jordan, which he found to he opposed to the “ dynamic forces” of the Arab world, but a d ­ ded that he was not op­ posed to covert payments as such. 
Tin* practice of making clandestine payments to foreign leaders is proba­ bly as old as tin* intelli­ gence profession itself, according to students of espionage. 
While neither confirm­ ing nor denying the r e ­ ports of p a y m e n t s to 
Hussein, Ray S. Cline, a former Deputy Director of the CIA said: 
“ I find it s o m e w h a t hypocritical or naive to assume it wrong for the 
United States to be able to provide financial a s ­ sistance to friendly poli­ tical l e a d e rs o v e r s e a s who are willing in return to provide inform ation 

 bearing on our security as well as their s e c u r i­ ty.” 
“ I regard it as a m o r­ ally d e fe n sib le p h i l o ­ sophy of covert political action.” Cline concluded. 
Old stuff 
A retired agency offi­ cial familiar with the co­ vert payments said: “ It is mostly old stuff going back to th e 194os and 
195os when people were poor.” 
In the rase of the CIA and Jordan the practice began in 1957 after B ri­ tain withdrew from poli­ tical and m i l i t a r y i n ­ volvement in the Hshr- mite Kingdom. 
Hussein’s grandfather. 
King Abdullah, had been a recipient of clandestine 
British p a y m e n ts from the time he was an emir under British protection in 1922 until his a s s a s ­ sination in 1951. British pa y m e n ts continued to 
Hussein. 
‘‘We just pic ked up w h ere the B ritish left off,” said a former U.S. a m b a s s a d o r to Jo rd an . 
‘‘It w as nick els and d im e s then and g rew larger later on. I never asked what the amounts were. But I can't get ter­ ribly ex e r c is e d about support for a m oderate leader. I don't know what this sudden morality is.” 

Brown gets agency post 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— President Carter a n ­ nounced Frid ay he will nominate Colorado state 
T r e a s u r e r S am u e l W. 
Brown Jr., who came to public p r o m in e n c e as a n tiw ar activist, to be director of ACTION, the volunteer service agency. 
2 South Texans take dairy titles 

Two South Texans won championships with their entries in the four junior dairy cattle shows Friday at J o e 
F r e e m a n C o­ liseum. 
Todd 
Knowlton, a mem ber of the Southwest 
Rough Riders of San An­ tonio. showed the junior champion in the Brown 
Swiss show. The c h a m ­ pion heifer i i i that show was entered by Rodney 
A lexander of S u lp h u r 
Springs. 
In tin* Jersey junior show the champion heifer was owned by Susan 
Cooper of Comfort. The c h a m p io n heife r w as entered by Jack ( 
Hall of Chireno. 
Ronnie Smith of G a r ­ land had the champion heifer in the G uersey show, with junior heifer honors going to the entry of K irsten Dig gin s of 
Mesquite. 

Leo 
Hoff 
J r . of 
Windthorst showed the champion heifer in the 
Holstein j u n i o r show, with junior heifer honors going to the en t ry of 
Jim m y Don Allen of Sul­ phur Springs. 

Firm allows 
3 winners 

Quirk Land and Cattle 
Co. of Hastings. Neb., e n tered the ch a m p io n aud reserv e cham pion hull and the champion female i i i the open Angus show T h u rs d ay at Joe 
Freeman Coliseum. 
The reserve champion fem ale was shown by 
Traci York of Perrin 
Chris Foster of Wichita 
Falls* was the owner of the c h a m p io n and r e ­ serve champion heifer in the Angus junior show. 

■ 
A W 
. 
SATURDAY 1o-9 A MONDAY 

J B o& W L 
• 73oo SAN PEDRO 349-6634 ifflf m JgEjk 
I BLOCKS SOUTH OF M W. LOOP 4 1o shoe stores 
• *9* S-W. MILITARY DRIVE 923-9837 
SHOPPERS CITY MALL ACROSS FROM SEARS 

COME AND SEE 
THE FAMOUS 
LABEL IN 
EVERY MIR! 

THIS SUNDAY YOU 
WILL HAVE ONLY 7 
H O U R S TO T A K E 
ADVANTAGE OF THE 
F A NT A S T I C PRICE 
R E D U C T I O N S OF 
F A M O U S N A M E 
BRANDS LIKE 

BASSETT • FRIGIDAIRE • LA-Z-BOY • 
M A Y T A G • H I G H L A N D H O U S E • 
BURLINGTON • SUNBEAM • BROYHILL • 
ZENITH • SEALY • BERNHARDT • 
SIM M O N S • T AP P A N • QUA SAR • 
INTERNATIONAL • WHIRPOOL • DIXIE • 
DAGLE • KING ROIL AND MANY OTHERS 

STARTS 
SUNDAY 
12 NOON 
TO 
7 P.M. 

FOR ONLY 
7 HOURS 

SAVE FROM 
*13 TO *16 
AT PIX! 

FACTORY FRISH! 
GREAT NEW STYLES! 
LOADS OF POPULAR SIZES! 

C O U P O N 

I . I 5 o 7 R U I Z 2. 7 o o 7 S A N P E D R O A V t 

3 . 3 7 o o B R O A D W A Y 4 
6 7 1 4 S O 
F I O R E S 

S t i 3 4 P A T B O O K E R R D 
U N I V E R S A L C I T Y 

S. 8 8 o 7 P E R R I N BEI TEL R D 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Saturday February 19 19 7 7 
Page I I-A 

STOKE HOURS: 9:oo a.m. to 
6:oo p.m. MONDAY THRU 
SATURDAY - SUNDAY 
IO a.m. to 6 p.m. 
ALL PRICES GOOD AT ALL WOLFE NURSERIES FRIDAY - SATURDAY - SUNDAY - MONDAY 

W e invite you to visit our 6 Nurseries and see the perfect handling of nursery stock. y /\W 
SHOP WITH THE LEADERS 
(1) Northeast Side Nursery 
-88o2 Perrin Beitel Rd.- 
Manager,Joe Moncada 

(2) Northside Nursery 
-7oo7 San Pedro Avenue- 
Manager,Edward Romero 

(3) Westside Nursery 
-15o7 Ruiz Street- 
Manager,Armando Gonzales 

(4) Southside Nursery 
-6714 So. Flores St.- 
Manager,Arthur Zamorano 

(5) Near Northeast Nursery -37oo Broadway St.- 
Manager,Randy Harrison 

(6) Universal City Nursery 
-1134 Pat Booker Rd.- 
Manager, Percy Munoz 

Shop with confidence . . . where the people know. W e have 3o 
Certified Nursery People working for W olfe Nursery. 
W e have over 7 5 % of the proven knowledgeable people in San Antonio 

W olfe Nurseries always supports any program or project which will bring the San Antonion buying public the very best. 

FREE! Balloons, Candy or 
Bubble gum for children at all Wolfe Nurseries. 

FREE SOIL TESTING ... KNOW YOUR YARD 
FREE! 
Planting Instruc­ tions for everyone at all 
Wolfe Nurseries. 
SOH TEST THIS WEEK ONLY . . . THIS IS A $1o VALUE ABSOLUTE­ 
LY FREE. Soil toited for Wolfe Nursery by Dertoy System, the 
Soil Testing procedure used by leading Universities, testing under the supervision of Roy Haynes of Dallas, Texas. Don't guess how to care for plants, grass and trees in your yard 
. . . know how. Bring samples to any Wolfe Nursery and you will be given on analysis of your soil plus professional recommendations absolutely free. 
No olbigations, no purchase necessary. SAMPLES WILL BE ACCEPTED FRIDAY, 
SATURDAY, AND SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 19 and 2o ONLY. 
TWO (2) SAMPLES PER CUSTOMER PLEASE. YOU MUST BRING 
YOUR OWN SAMPLES. 
C o lo rfu l 
PANSY PLANTS la rg e plants. 
M any in bloom . a 
. 
63 individual 
« plants per flat. 
54 PIR PLANT 
^ » F L A ' 

BEAUTIFUL SELECTION 
CACTUS AND SUCCULENTS 
G row ing in 3 " pots. Come see them. 

8 
9 
’ ..c„ 2 * $ 1 75 

COUPON 

C l i p a n d B r i n g 
TOMATO PLANTS 

Spring Giant, individually potted. 

Yellow or white. 

Extra large e a c h 

PLANTS FOR MAKING HANGING BASKETS 

B E G O N IA S .*,™ ,,,.................................’ 1 .7 9 „ 
3 
‘ 4. 

AIRPLANE, Variegated or green .. ............ * 1 . 7 9 .a 
3 tor *4 , 

SPRENGER! FERN.................................. * 1 . 7 9 . a 
3 f . r * 4 

PLUM oSA FERN......................................* 1 .79 — 
3 t . r * 4 

VERONICA, 
ALLYSUM, 
RED 
HOT 
ROKER, 
CANTERBURY BELIS, DELPHINIUM, DAISIES. 
CARNATION, and PHLOX Individually pockag ed with color picture cmd planting injtruc lion. 

BEDDING 
PLANTS 

Plant now for a beautiful colorful yord oil 

Spring 6 to 8 plonts per troy PETUNIAS- 

Smgles and double, oil colors, SToCK- 

Oouble, oil colors SNAPDRAGONS-oll col­ 

 ors VERGENAS oil colors CARNATION all 

 colors B1ooMING MARIGOLDS 6 to 8 

 plonts per tray 

5 9 * 
3 r * $ 1 . 7 5 

PLANTS YOU 
SHOULD PLANT NOW 
AH growing in I gallon tens. Some in bloom. FORSYTHIA GOLDE NBill, I ft. taH, 
FLOWERING 
QUINCE, 
Japonica, 24 te M " toll, ROSE OF 
SHARON (ALTHEA), IR to 24" tall, 
Rad, Pink, WMW end Purple, BRIDAL 
WREATH (SPIREA) and PERSIA LILAC. y o u r $| o o 
CHOICE I.TTemh 

CALADIUM 
BULBS 
I M A 
F O R M E R L Y $ 2 .3 o 
M N 
C 
MOJAVE 
D ffl ROSE BUSH 9 
• M No I, Blooms oronge Grow 

PLANT THESE 
5 
! GOODIES NOW ! | 

I R H U B A R B V IC T O R IA ...........7 
9 
\ „ h I 

| H O R SE R A D IS H ........................ 9 8 ' « , k | 

> A R T IC H O K E 
o o 
| 
( large plant* in I gal. c a n ................I .W e n c h < 

| ASPARAGUS wt a t a r - . . . 
3 9 ’ . . , k 

; BLACKBERRY LAWTON ... 9 8 '^ k | 

I B O Y S E N B E R R Y 
■ amlet* . . . . 9 
8 
U 
| 

! D E W B E R R Y ...................................9 8 ' . . , h j 

! RASPBERRY .......... ................9 S *eoch | 

I G R A P E V IN E S 
$ 1 49 
I 
Cotowbo, Niagara, and Fredonia . . . . I each 
W V W M V W V W V W V W V V V V V h 
PLANT AN EARLY GARDEN 

P la n t w in te r ve g e tab le . C hoose fr o m : B roc­ coli, 
Brussels 
S p ro u ts, 
C a b b a g e s a n d 
C o u tfiio w e r. For the e a rly g a rd e n , p la n t P I P ­ 
PERS H o t or s w e et. 
T O M A T O E S -IO best va rie tie s. 6 to 8 pla nts to tr a y . 

HANGING BASKETS 
White with green, reds with green, red, pink, 8 wonderful colors. 
URGE BULBS. 
All colors 
Oft* CACH 

Reg. $4.98 

These ore beautiful baskets. Full of 

 plants. Choose from Ferns, Fantasia, 

Wondering Jew, Begonia and others. 

YO U NAME IT 
^ M 
U 
R 
R 
A 
H 
* 
SUPER JUMBO 
SIZE 
EACH 
LIMIT 2 
N M 
F O R M E R L Y $ 2 .3 o 
M g 
CT CHRYSLER IMPERIAL 9 
^ 
ROSE BUSH 
J 
S R No I Blooms red Growmg R E 
S in I gal can 
M 

$ 1 
» 
J I 

I each 
LIMIT I ^ 
(Ckf ato kn*f tim imtpm>| fjt* 
IGM* In. tot . to- md Mm ) r%C 

* 5 A A A A H A B 

 s? v d n r a 
K f e 

I U 
R I G . $ 4 ,5 o fg * f i AQUARIUS £ 
C ROSE BUSH J3 
N P I No 
I 
Dooms pink blend 
Growing in I gal con h < r 
C s i 8 o w 3 
^ 
I each 
LIMIT I V c 

BLOOMING 
CAROLINA JASMINE 
Evergreen, blooms yellow hewers, j f t Q Q 

 lo r g e p la n ts 
* 
. 
7 
o h i 

SMALLER JASMINE. r n * 
Wall reefed........... ar # ear 

STRAWBERRY 
PLANTS 

Everbearing and large June bearing * | #9 9 varieties. IO to pkg. Package 
INDIVIDUALLY POTTED 

2 9 ' « . 
4 io r’ 1 . o o 

( C l i p a n d b r i n g t h i s c o u p o n ) 

( G o o d F r i . , S a t . , S u n , a n d M o n . ) 

PFG. 5 3 .9 8 & 5 4 .9 8 
BEAUTIFUL 
FOLIAGE PLANTS 
G ro w in g in 5 ” pots 
CHOOSE 
FROM: 
PHILODENDRON 
PERTUSSUM 
PHILODENDRON Totem Pole ... FLUFFY RUFFLE FERN ... 
DRACAENA MARGIN AT A ... PHILO DENDRO N SELLOUM ... 
FICUS BENJAMINA ... SCHEFFLERA, and NEANTHA BELLA 

 p‘ 1V hX s 2 
8 8 “ ch2 ?$ 5 
5° 

REG. $ 1 .9 9 
SHRUBS 
Growing in I gal. cans. 

M IX OR MATCH 

WAXlEAf 
Good evergreen. BUFORD! 

HOLLY ... bears red berries, JAPANESE 
YEW 
... 
Evergreen, 
PYRACANTHA 

CHINESE HOUT ... very attractive 

YOUR 
$ - 
„ 
MCM a t j e 5o swi I i 
2L m 5— 
WALNUT TREES 

Choose from: $ * V 9 8 
Thomas Black rn each 

SUPER SPECIAL 
FOR THE 
THRIFTY BUYER owur HIOGi 
7 Q « 
Japanese Belwood .. rn 
" 
CO 
WAXLEAF 
8 ta 12" 
T O * tall......................... / rn ca 
BORDER GRASS 
JQ i 
Dark Green............ i t 
SO 

M I X O R M A T C H 

BEARING SIZE 
PLUM TREES 
5 ta A ft. tall, (toiled and buriappad. 
Choose From best vane hoi 
‘7.98 «Kk 2 ta‘15.oo 

PEAR TREES 
Approx. 6 ft. tall, balled and burlappad. Choose from Best 
Varieties. 
‘7.98 .m 
2 ta ’15°° 

PLANT AN 
ORCHARD NOW! 
The ground is right so plant now. 
PEACH TREES 
2 years old 5 to 6 ft toll Choose from 
Melba. Elberta, and Rio Oso 

REG. $2.98....................$ 1 " 
PLUM TREES 
7 yean old 5 to 6 ft foil Choose from 
Allred, Santo Rosa, and Burbank 
REG. $2.98................. 
PEAR TREES 
2 yeors old S to 6 ft taH Choose from: 
Leconte, Douglas and Kieffer 
REG. $2.98....................M 
- 
NECTARINE 
2 yeors old. S to 6 ft. toll Choose from 
Goldmine I Surtcrop 
REG. $2.98....................M 
- 

CAMELLIAS 
M a n y Bloom ing 

Special group, assorted col­ ors. The most beautiful of all evergreen broadleaf shrubs. Loaded with buds, ready to bear the most beautiful and perfect of all flowers. 

* 3 
” 
. a c h 
2 i 
$ 7 
5o 
Still target, these ore beautiful 
CAMELLIAS $1 2iY 

PLANT YOUR SPRING BULBS 
NOW FOR BEST RESULTS 

G L A D I O L A BULBS le t y e b u lb * 2" d ia m e te r o r m e r e . 
P la n t these n e w . 
C h e e se fr o m m ix e d , r e d , y e t la w , Im re n d e r, g in k a r w h ite . 
98* d a w n *8 .o o h u n d re d 
D A H L I A B U L B S la r g e tiie -c k e eee fro m r e d , g in k , p u rp le a r w h ite . 
C h oose fro m : 
DAHLIA DINNER PUNTS 
A N c o le n 
........................................... 6 9 4 each 3 fa r * 1 .9 5 

D A H L IA C A C TU S AM e a te n . . 69 4 each 
3 fa r * 1 .9 5 

D A H L IA P O M P O M A N c o le n 6 9 4 each 3 fa r ‘ 1 .9 5 

D A H L IA N O V E L T Y A it c o le n 
6 9 4 ea ch 
3 fa r * 1 .9 5 

V O O D O O M A N S I b u lb p e r p a d r e g o . . , . * 1 .1 9 p k g 

A M A R Y L L IS M A J M ix e d c a l o r ............................................. 79 4 e e tb 

E L E P H A N T ( A t R U H ............................................................................ 39 4 each 

C A LLA UUY R U LA W h ite , y e llo w a r p in k . . . * 1 .1 9 p k g 

C A M I A R O O T D w a r f F lu tie r 

MEXICAN POTS 
Beautiful assortment. Thousand of pots to choose from. 
REG. $1.99 to $17.99 
2o% DISCOUNT 
“THE BEST 
INSURANCE 
YOU CAN 
BUY 

GREEN LIGHT 
ROOT 
STIMULATOR 
Help* the plant start to grew. 
Used by pretentonols wtwwi |>i ii Et Tf n ^ all kind* of shrubs, trees 

F V E B E I S S lH B i 

> * i 
R I G . $ 5 .o o m t 
£ 
APOLLO a r ROSE BUSH a 
BUY THE UNUSUAL NOW ! 
ENJOY GROWING PUNTS INDOOR 
HAVE EUN! large assortment at ridiculously low prices. 
YOUR CHOICE 

5 9 ‘ „ 3 ta ‘ 1 .7 5 
6 
‘ 3 . 4 5 

(boose from 
BLOOMING BEGONIAS-r«d, pink, white and Brome Leaf 
FINNS ... Sprengeri and 
Plumosa ... WAFFLE PUNT ... VELVET PLANT... SPIDEL 
PUNT ... FANTASIA ... MARBLE LEAF FANTASIA .. 
ABOSIA ... GREEN JEW . PURPLE JEW ... MOUSE EAR 
JEW ... WHITE STRIP JEW ... BEARDED JEW 
MAIDEN 
HAIR ... UDY BOAT JEW .. and Variegated or purple 
JEW ... BLEEDING HEART ... DOLLAR PLANT .. POLKA- 
DOT PUNT . and SWEET BUM IVY 

PEACH TREES 

Approx. 6 ft. tall, bolled and burlapped. Choose from Best 
Varieties. 

*7.98 ae* 2 t m ‘I 5.oo 

PUNTING SAND 
Approx. I bu......... bag 
TOPSOIL sou 
Ideal for planting . . sock 

PLANTING MIX sacx* 
COW MANURE ton 
Guaranteed weed free mc* 
SHEEP MANURE^ u 
Well rotted .... 
SACK 

SHADE TREES 
W E HAVE A BRAND 
NEW SELECTION 

RIG. $7.98 Trees 
ARIZONA ASH. 
(HINA UMMfllA, SILVER POPLAR. (oT- 
TONtESS 
COTTONWOOD. 
(HINEN 
TALLOW. 
MIMOSA, 
MAPLE 
LEAF 
MULBERRY. SILVER MAPU, SYCAMORE ond WEEPING WILLOW. 
SXL, ‘6!! 2**13oo 

 w m # 
* d HARTH 
G R u im b* 

V A A A H H H B 

 fuel ROSI Rf GOM A BUU 
AF Movolty 
REG. $ 3 .9 8 i n s 
ARIZONA ASH TREE S-6 ft toll BI B 
REG. $ 2 .9 8 
MIMOSA SHADE TREE 5-6 ft. toll....... 
REG. $ 2 .9 8 
SYCAMORE SHADE TREE 5 -6 ft. toll 
REG. $ 2 .9 8 
WEEPING WILLOW 5-6 H toll......... 
REG. $ 9 .9 8 
UVE HERITAGE OAK 
....................... dW W WBW 
W 
V W W W W 1 M B N W W V W W V 1 | 
NEW CROP SALE 
WOLFE PECANS ARE HERE!!: 

• W olfe Nurseries has supplied T4xas Pecan needs J ( 
[for many years. W e have this year s crop on hand j • mow. These are the most beautiful trees I have ever I [ 
1 seen, good, heavy growth root systems. j i 
I REG. $22.99 PECAN TREES 
I Approx IO ft IM, 4 yr old. grafted 
| | 
I (hoot* from Stuart, Wichita, Desirable, 
$ 1 T 9 9 O 
S O f t OO I 
I Success, Motion Schley ond (bedew 
I # each * l e t 
* J w I ( 
REG. $19.99 PECAN TREES 
• Approx B ft tod, grafted, 
4 yr old 
J i 
> (boose from Mohan. Stuart. W Schley. 
$ 1 £ 9 9 
O 
S O T S O 
I 
1 Desiroble, Success, (hoc tow and Wichita 
I ^ each 
* I v 
A r j | 
I REG. $1o.99 PECAN TREES 
I App*ox S ft loll, wafted, 
3 yr old 
I ! 
> (boose hem 
Monon, 
W 
Sibley. 
$ o 99 O 
$ I COO I i Desirable, Success, (hottow end Wichita 
O each 4* tar 
I J i j 
CITRUS TREES 
• 3 ft. toll Growing in container, 2 years old, grafted (boose fro m j i 
[ RUBY RED GRAPEFRUIT... MEXICAN HME, TANGERINE, ORANGE ond < [ 
[LEMON 

1 * 6 . 9 8 •ach 
2 for 1 3 . 5 o ] 

 cg w B P n m a u Cc 
F S f G T Q O I 
S 
MCG. $ 3 .9 8 
J J * 
«««*• W 
* * 
SANTA ROSA 
Q 
^ 
L O M B A R D 

 p i u m a a p o p l a r 

Itffth u fh 
K m A - tall * C 
^ 
Stat. MM l l . I It 

USE THAT EASY TO CARE 
FOR GROUND COVER 

WHITT CRUSHED GRAVIL SO lh tack 
. . . * 1 J 

BLACK UVA ROCK Urge .a c k .......................*1.< 
RED UVA ROCK urgowck ....................%\.{ 

S 
R E G . $ 1 .9 9 t o t 
8“ FUSTIC 
B 

HANGING BASKET JE 
WITH HANGER 
J C 
I m w 
Assorted colon s n ( 

SEED POTATO 
MOUNTAIN LAUREL 
SHRUB 

2 to 3 Foot BAB * 8 
. 9 
8 

U r g e r p ric e d in r o tlo . 
FORTIFIED WITH 

1 5 % 
“ SULFASOIL” 

Pelleted and Dust Free 

X V I (tw at rn , Set, to * «*x e u * j fH H A IU U li 

Mto 
BIO $5 25 
IMM 
* * i 
YANKIE DOOOU 
Q 
ROSI BUSH 
'V 
19/4 Winnei No I. Blooms erange Wend growmg rn I 

> 
! * 
2 
S u m h I f C 
U ic%wru*i|iww*wi hHr 
PJP* 
M tn,, to!. Sm tat tto* J 

A A H f O W I 

FEED PECAN TREES 
NOW 
•51 AAA AAA A 

LAWN FOOD 

Enjoy booutiful Pecan 
Troot and wonderful crop. 
GREIN 
LIGHT 
PECAN FOOD. Mode just right to properly feed 
Pocon Trees, high in 
Zinc. 
IO lb. sock enough food to properly food Five 2“ diameter treat. 

ORGANIC 
BASE. 
(Over the 

 minimum 2S% required). Con­ 

 tains oil the plant food alt- 

 ments needed in this area. 

 e Nitrogen e Sulphur 

 e Potash 
• Phosphate 

 a Zinc 
• Iron 

• Manganese 

SO lb. sock covers up to 
3,ooo square foot lawn 

(toto NL, tot, tow «totto*> 
^ 

>5 A A A A K A f 1 

 i f i n 
H 
H i 
» MOUNTAIN IC j> 
LAUREL 
< 

Wtoi gcowing rn I gal con 
U P 
J ? * 
Well rootxd 

F « H 5 2 2 2 M 6 f e 
3 

SUNSONG C 
ROSE BUSH «C 

Na I Mourns utong* Wand yqki 
(Mowing m I gal tan 
WACCO FORTIFIED 
PEAT MOSS 

 this has 2 Mi suHo sad gar $o 6 sack tar addad acidity and food 
*2 A A A A A A I ? 

 y e w c r o r B C T M ffic 

N M 
R I G . $ 3 75 
U T 
HJJ 
SUMMER SUNSHLNf Q 
ROSE BUSH y H Na i KOMM r*!Saw (now | | E mg in I gal can 

I A A A A A A I ' 

P V B 
2 B 
2 W 
G 
C 

W M 
R B G . $ 3 9 8 y, PEACH TREE £ 

H 
2 yM> d i 2 ta 4 ft tai! to p 
MFT 
Iwgt ftaauant 
M i 

> $ 1 a s 
W 
I - v i 
I cmdr LMMfT IO h i s 
Ida rn* tomt hoi IWX—I 
Q I 

^ A A A A A A LB 
9 A A A A A A i i 

» COMANCHE SC 
> 
PETUNIA 
< 

3 1 Indmdualty potttd Maetm fXto 

 m AAAA A A P m AAA AAA JI 

Page 
I 2-A 
S A N A N T O N IO EXPRESS — Saturday February 19 1 9 7 7 

Dillards 
SHIURDRV preUlflSHinCTOn'S 

 save 91.95! 
Magna vox 19" diagonal energy saving color TV at super savings 

*358 

Reg. 449.95. M agnavox quality set has energy-saving 1 o o % 

 solid state construction, automatic fine-tuning, Precision-In-Line 

 tube system and overall M agnavox excellence. 

Televisions 

 special price! 
Sanyo entertainment system 

 with cassette recorder 
$ 188 

Enjoy savings syncopation as you record, play tapes, 

 and listen to A M / F M stereo radio with our high-quality 

 stereo music system from Sanyo. Built-in stereo cassette 

 recorder/player, three-speed turntable, 2-way, hi-fi 

 speaker system . . . a great buy! 

Stereos 
SAM YO 

 save $1o to *59! 
King Koil quality bedding 

 at comfortable savings 
59 95 
K S f • S K S Twin size, ea. pc. 

Reg. 69.95. King Koil quality in your choice of three firmnesses for 

 your sleeping pleasure: firm, extra firm, super-firm with spinal guard 

 for extra comfort. 

Full, each piece, reg. 89.95 ............... 
79.95 

Queen, set, reg. $229 
............... 
199.95 

King, set, reg. $339 ........................... 
279.95 

Furniture 
King Koil 

H 

SHOP M ONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO 'TIL 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

■h o w e w 
« I V J I I I 

 vacuum cleaner now saves you work and money too! 
44.95 

Vacuum reg. 44.95 

Tools, reg. 14.95 

Total value 59.9o 

Eureka's quality 

 vacuum cleaner fea­ 

 tures h e a v y duty 

 cleaning power, 

 rugged construction, 

 adjustable 3-position 

 handle and 4-pc. 

 attachment set for 

 multi-cleaning 

 purposes. The work 

 saver from Eureka! 

Housewares 

E U R E K A 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Saturday February 19 1977 
Page T3-A 

Dillard':s 

 save $5 to $9! men's famous name fashion knit shirts! 
8.99 

Orig. $14-18. Men's knit shirts from a top 

 maker at a special low price! Full fashion 

 short sleeve solid and fancy knit shirts with 

 several collar variations. 1oo% polyester 

 and polyester blends. In assorted 

 colors. Available in sizes S-M-L-Xl. 

Men's Sportswear 

 save 28%! boys' rugby knit shirts! 
4.99 

Compare at $7. Famous name boys' 

 short sleeve striped knit shirts with 

 knit collars. Polyester/cotton. 

. 
Blue, green, yellow, white. j 
/ J 
Three styles in sizes 8 to 2o. 

Boys 

 t *. 
\ \ 

$31 savings men's popular 
4-pc. (quad) suits new wardrobe with one purchase 
$119 
2 days only! 

Reg. $15o. A new wardrobe with one dollar stretching purchase 
. . . men's 4-piece (quad) currently styled suits with solid pants, 

 coordinating houndstooth pants and reversible vest. 1oo% textur- 

 ized polyester gabardine. Sizes 38 to 46, regulars and longs. 

Men's Furnishings 

 now...$8 savings! men's brushed pigskin great leisure loafers 
13.9o 

Reg. $22. Save on comfort and style ... 

 the great leisure loafer with crepe 

 soles and brushed pigskin 

 uppers. Brown, celery 

 green, tan. Sizes to 12, 

 narrow and medium. 

Men's Shoes 

T ~ f a> , 

44% to 58% savings! men's famous maker long sleeve dress shirts! 
6.99 

Orig. 12.5o to 16.5o. Long 

 sleeve dress shirts from one of 

America's top names. Assorted styles, patterns in easy care 

 fabrics. Sizes 14^ to 17. 

Dress Furnishings 

SHOP M ONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO' Til 9. CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

 mmm MONEY SAVING BARGAINS GALORE!! EVERY SATURDAY! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Saturday February 19 1977 

PRICES SLASHED! 
GEORGE W ASHIN GTON’S 
B B ! 
BIRTHDAY SALE 
H 
Hi 

Englander 
Mattress 

 list 
Ow Price 

KING 
$339.95 1 99oo 

QUEEN $229.95 I S S oo 

FUU 
$189.9o 1 2o°° 

TWIN $139.9o 
98°° 

LIMITED IO 

YEAR WARRANTY 

WE ALSO CARRY 

BUNK BIDS A 

TRUNDLE BEDS 

Free Delivery in S.A. 

REG. PRICES ON ALL 

DIAMOND JEWELRY 

Back-to-Schod Savings 
Buv your class ring here and you get a bonus 
1o% savings on your next diam ond purchase. Choose (rom our wide selection of class rings, including IO Karat gold 

Student Accounts Invited 

Choose from diamond bridal sets, earrings, wat­ ches, pendants, mens rings. 
No reductions on loose diamonds. Sale good on merchandise in stock only. 
No special orders, please. 

7 C o n v e n ie n t W ays to Buy 
A. Double D resser........................................... *1 3 4 
B. 5 Drawer Chest........................................... * 9 5 
C. JR. Skipper Bed Bedding not irwtuded............. *1 3 9 
The Bedroom 
, 
_ 
. 
_ , 
M O N . - F R I . I 
I 55o Bandera Rd. s a t . 9-6 

• WI NO SOR P A M 

• NORTH STAI MAU 

• H M IN PLAZA 

• UMIVftSAL OTY 

Illustration enlarged 

The Diamond Store 
Pork Free with Purchase Downtown 

Watch Far (ha Grond Opening of our Beautiful Now Store in 
Walnut Square Shopping Cantar, Now Braunfels, Ti. 

• ADO I. HOUSTON 

• H A I HOUSTON 
S*t#p Ow welt* wa 
Tho#* 

• U TIBIA CENTI! 

' ilsott Catalog Show room Store 
2 7 2 7 NW Loop— 4 1 o at Vance Jackson 
OPEN MON.-FRI. TO A .M .-9 P.M . SAT. TO-6 3 4 9 - ll 81 
433-9o71 

RENT NOW— OWN LATER 
L i v i n g R o o m S p e c ia l! 

I £ C H A I R r T Y l X l S 
> * $ Q O C I st g f r Y 
. Y 
3 WEEK * 
Any Color T.V. 

• RENT • RENT • RENT • RENT • RENT • RENT • RENT • RENT • 

SAN SA BEL T SLA C K S are 

 as c o m fo rta b le as th e y 

 ace good lo o k in g ' 

T h e s p e cia lly desig ned 

 band o f trip le stre tch 

 w e b b in g keeps y o u neat & 

 c o m fo rta b le a ll d a y 1 

In a w id e c h o ic e of 

 h an d so m e co lo rs, w aist 

 sires 3 6 ” to 5 2 " , 

3 o OO to 42 SO the 

 pair. U se y o u r m a io r 

 cre d it card. 

★ OPTION TO BUT * 
• STEREO’S 
• HI-FI’S 
• COLOR TV’S • COMBINATIONS 

 l.njo> this b e a u ti fill unfit a n il n m tv h in fi u ln a r 
Im la y u h H r llu- sit i i n u * a r r 
Iru in u in lin is. t r n ilu h lu iii l ull ut o r h u n u ln a m ill a s s o r ia ! rn ln rs. 

I 
VALUABLE COUPON 
I 
THIS COUPON GOOD FOR 

J 
$9.95 1st WEEK 
I 
Any Color T.V. 
I 
KL CHARRO TY 
RENTAL 

C L IP & S A V E 

4 5 1 5 F re d e ric k sb u rg R d 
El Charro Rental Co. 
1oo2 W. Commerce-SAN ANTONIO 
Phone 435-o572 

6 Diam ond bridal set, 
7 Diamond bridal set. 
14 karat gold, $45o 
14 karat gold, $325 
MISSION 
• g 
Illustrations enlarged 
Mott 
^ j e w e l e r s 
224 f h***, st. 

Dotty IO Tit 9 
Daffy IO lit 5 3o 

Diamond bridal sets 

Lo mateli the stars iii her eves 

AAA TIRE & WHEEL WAREHOUSE 
I 
SUNSHINE SALE! 

A78X13 
M 
* CVO YAsui*.. c_■_KAH i_ 
A78X13 
C78X14 
Set 
E78X14 
F78XI4 
G78X14 

H78X14 any 
H78X14 c 
G78X15 
>U 
H78X15 Only! 

* 43 ylOTf.U. 

 while snooty lest* 

4 
1 5 X 8 W h ite S p o k e W h e e ls a ■ 
^ x I 5 D e s e r te r T ire s 

O 
N 
N O W g%f%"W9S 

4 
O N LY ! 
Z J itS i y*T* 

CUSTOM DUAL 
EXHAUST 
$ 2 ^ 9 o 

, mini cart 
. 
| truck* * van* ) 
ALSO HUDEK I SIDE PIPES 

MAJOR BRAND 
AIR SHOCKS 

NOW ONLY *399o 

BUY ON EASY BANK TERMS o r M ASTERN AK GE & BANKAM ERiCARD 

1 6 o 2 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
9 2 4 - 7 3 2 1 
54o5 B R O A D W A Y 
AT AUSTIN H W Y. 
8 2 8 - 6 1 8 1 
1 8 4 9 FREDERICKSBURG 
AT DO N ALDSO N 
7 3 2 - 6 1 1 8 
9 3 o 7 S. PADRI ISLAND DR. 
C h ris t i 
9 3 7 - 3 1 BS 
2 7 5 3 S. PADRI ISLAND OR. 
C O R P U S CHRISTI 
8 5 5 - 3 o o 1 

RODRIGUEZ & SON noon 
BUTCHER SUPPLY 

M M o 
21o N. ZARZAM ORA ST. S.A. 
512— 433-9474 

FINALLY! 

An electric m eat saw especially m ade for the farm er, rancher and the do-it-your- selfer. 
A perm anent w ay to cot the cost of meat you and your family consume as w ell as control the quality and supply. 

ELIMINATOR" 

TRUNDLE BED 
Sturdy ma ta I unit A 2 quality mattresses, tucks 
Away easily! 

WITHOUT INDS 
M 29‘* 
WITH FIM5HED ENDS *239“ 
■Alamo 
\ Beddi 
Bedding Co. 

Open Mon thru En I 5 3o TM -Sot I Apl is I? Noon 
491$ McCullough, 6 blk* N. of Olmos Dr. 
124-o1o1_______________USY TERMS! 

S A L E 

AU INNER SPRING CONSTRUCTION 

• KING SET...* 1 9 9 so 

 o QUEEN SET * 1 6 9 5o 

• DOUBLE SET. * 9 9 5o 

 o TWIN SET 
*89 
SO 

GILLESPIE FORD 

TUNE-UP SPECIAL 

^ Includes plug*, point*, condenser and labor. 
A L . 9 9 
Special good for most American four cylin- 
U R 
Jer cor*, l i t r e s 2 - 2 9 -7 7 
§ cy|. $34.99 6 »<yl. $ 2 9 .9 9 
IMM MIPigiPMPP N V y 

MUFFLER SPECIAL 
V 
199 
SUPERIOR LIFETIME 
GUARANTEE MUFFLER 
. ,___ 
. 
IS MIRE FOR 
(i) 
* 1 4 * * 

ALL PARTS AND LABOR GUARANTEED 
AN Meter Credit Cord* Accepted 
GILLESPIE FO R D 

‘ T 
! 
! 
L n n w n 
M 
M 
2 3 7 -1 4 1 1 

ABS 
5 I 
9 9 
HOUTH AMERICAN LAND C 
GREAT FOR KIDS! 
HEXAGON AQUARIAM 
LIGHT, TANK, FILTER, HOOD, STAND 

2 7 G A L . * I I 2 . 9 9 
4 5 G A L . * 1 4 9 . 9 9 
WITH PURCHASE RECEIVE FREE 

23 LBS. GRAVEL, SILENT POWER AIR 
PUMP, 2 W AY GANG VALVE, IO FT. AIR TUBING 
S A Y I O V ER $21.oo 
Idoc grooming 

I U t SOAT 

I HRO m u t t ) A I 
AIL BSfPDS 

SOTH U R G f ANO SM AU DOC 

 i s e t a u s t in M W V , 
II1 S4M 
MOM SAT SIO* 
SUM- I TOA ii i— mr run 

411* NAVO raster 
SSS *4*7 
MON SAT. M S 

865o Bandera Rd. 

6 8 4 - 2 1 1 o 

SPECIAL 

*1.69 
5 Bags for 

‘ 7.99 

6 Acres of Nursery 
Stock to choose from 
“ farm to you” Prices! 

O P E N D A I L Y 8 - 7 P . M . 

OFFER GOOD 
THRU 
FEB. 19 TO 
FEB. 26 

Lim ited to 
Supply on 
Hand. 

 v OndjvtifowtGWii 

 n 

A * 

 m w ... a ccaM bmgtkiUyou lake ptu&vi<xt(y y$uu~ ii/ixh LjQu/i Buffi dine <$ign. 

 tf 
& ' 
# 

" 
'n 
H 

JOSEPH CHARLES JEWELRY — 

” 
M HI** m 

REPLACE THOSE 
LEAKY DRAFTY 
W INDOW S 

With Energy Saving 

Replacement Windows— 
Storm Doors and Windows 

HAROLD M. GRIFFITH 
824-5521 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS -S aturday February 19 1977 

SATURDAY SIZZLERS 

Sunshine9 lakes go together 

Blanco 

It was such a wonderful day just to “ goof o ff/' 
The sun rose on a bright and cloud­ less sky. It was the sort of F ebruary day that has spoiled us for all these years in South Texas. 
Bonnie recalled som ething an aunt used to say a long tim e ago: 
“ This day is a credit to tim e." 
Being less philosophical about it — it was a day to loaf. 
Forget about getting a story. 
Let’s just pick a spot or two not too far away. L et’s drive leisurely, stop wherever the idea strikes us, picnic 

 and get back home before dark. 
We looked at th e m a p , saw the 
Highland Lakes above M arble Falls were less than IOO m iles away and headed in that direction. 
We went north on San P edro and then up U.S. 281. lf there is a highway leaving a city through prettier country than these ce d ar-co v ere d hills, we don’t know where it is. 
As we rolled along, th e re w as a big-eyed, brown doe peeping shyly out from the edge of the cedar thicket. And a little farther down the road, there was a flock of Spanish goats — spotted 

 or one of half a dozen colors —• scat­ tered in the trees of a rocky pasture. 
Against the gray, bare branches of the trees along a dry creek bed. there was a flash of scarlet berries. 
Bonnie thought they were haws 
Then cam e the G uadalupe — ru n ­ ning over the rocks — gurgling around the roots of the big cypress trees — its open pools sparkling in the sun. 
Soon rising over the dark green sea of the cedars and the little oaks were the twin brown peaks of the Sisters. We savored the memory of the day we spent in their shadows—at 
Twin Sisters, Kendalia and matchless 
Sisterdale. 

Texas has more acres of inland lakes than any other state. One of the largest and prettiest is the one behind Buchanan Dam. The lake is 3o miles long and about five miles wide —so large that it is a favorite of sea gulls. Here Ricky Stinnett, left, and Brian Perry, both of Round Rock, pause for a breather in the two-mile walk across the dam. an average cost of $9o,(1oo, duplexes and condominiums ll started with 1,5oo acres and now there are 5,ooo. There are nine tulles of lake front. More than $‘1o million has been tmested. 
Norman Hurd, president of the pro­ tect* has supervised tin' planting of more than 3oo,ooo trees anti shrubs — more than 18,ooo plantings around Hie golf course. 
The golf co u rse w as d esig n ed by 
Robert Trent Jones. Jones, long inter­ nationally known, has supervised th** construction of a golf course in Russia. 
And his son is supervising another iii the Kgyptian desert in the shadows of the P.v rainids. 
We bilked with Bill Lucy of the Hor­ 

 seshoe Bay staff. 
“ We have convention facilities for bill people and had m ore than 6,(1oo 
\ isitors last year," Lucy said “ We arc now booking an average of 2oo rooms a day. 
“ While our prime goal is us a ‘des­ tination* resort*' many people are building here, Outside investors spent 
$3 5 m illion las! y e a r W hile m o st buyers are from Texas, we have sold to people from the C anadian provinces of 
Alberta, British Columbia, Ontario and 
Quebec, from G erm any and Belgium and from Central and South Am erica." 
From Horseshoe Bay, we cut out lo 
Texas Hwy. 71 and then along FM 2233 

See H K .U L A N I), Cage IB 

The roadside park idea was born in Texas in 1933. But of the 1,1 OO built in the state since that first one near La Grange, none is more unusual than this one in the Highland Lakes country. It is on Texas Hwy. 29 just below Buchanan Dam. The entire park is a big granite outcropping, topped by granite boulders. Isn’t it a beauty! 
Blind man with an idea 

Marble Fulls' slogan is: 

“The city laid out by a blind m an.” 
The blind man who founded Marble 
Falls had a lug hand in early day ef­ forts to dam the Colorado River. These efforts led years later to the dam s and the Highland Lakes. 

The story is told by John Williams, editor of the Lower Colorado River 
Review, the LURA m agazine, in a recent issue. 

Adam R 
Johnson, a Kentuckian, moved to Texas as a young man. He 

 became a surveyor and a driver for the overland mail. 
Iii 1854 he crossed the Colorado on horseback at a shoals and was struck bv the idea this would be an ideal place for a dam. He took a piece of flint and marked the rocks there. 
Johnson enlisted in the Confederate arm y and rose to be a general iii 
Nathan Bedford F orrest’s cavalry. A battle wound cost him the sight of both eyes. 
He returned to the Marble Falls area and becam e a m ining and textile operator and businessman 

He did not forget the possibility of a dam on the Colorado at the site lie had chosen. Iii 1885 In* got the rights to build (he dam. lie even had sketches of the dam drawn 

But the dam was not built and John­ son later sold the rights. In time they became part of the Insull project and finally part of the Lower Colorado 
R iver A uthority dam -b u ild in g p ro ­ gram. 

And the giant Buchanan dam was built in 1937 on the site he had marked on the rocks in 1854. 

T hen c a m e the a p p e a lin g L ittle 
Blanco — and on up the road and off to our left the Blanco itself poured white over the dam in the little state park. 
In tim e cam e Johnson City —and crossing the Pedernales. Who could ever cross it and not think of LBJ and his great love for this river? 
On up the road and in time on the outskirts of Marble Falls and stopping at that roadside park high on the bluff. 
In the trees just below us a half do­ zen robins — stirred out of their winter listlessness by the su n ’s w arm th — fussed noisily. 
F a r below was long, narrow Lake 
Marble Falls and away off to the west the blue silhouette of another long Hill 
Country ridge. 
Beside the roadside park, a plaque noted the love another man had for this part of Texas. 
At the top were the words — “ THE 
HILLS HOME — and underneath this a few bars of music across the plaque’s face. Under this was the story: 
"M emorial to OSCAR J. FOX, com ­ poser of this song — 1879-1961. This is the view that gave him the inspiration for this beautiful song." 
We visited the pretty city park on the lake in the town of Marble Falls. Its m assive polished red granite benches and tables are of the same granite that was taken from this country so many years ago to build the Texas Capitol. 
We swung down to Max Starcke Dam that forms the lake and then took I’M 
2147 up the south shore of the lake. 
Soon we were at W irt/ Dam. behind which lies big Lake Lyndon B. John­ son. 
Magnet lf you don't believe water is a m ag­ net for people, you should visit the 
H orseshoe Bay developm ent on the shores of the lake. Bonnie and I turned in and drove about it. 
This was a ranch before the project started in 1971. Owned by a.family with major Coca Cola holdings, it was pri­ marily a hunting ranch 
Now there are 425 living units in the project — single family homes built at 

Save $9o. 
2-way mobile CB radio. 
Communicate on the go. 
7 Q 8 8 R.,uUrtl 

 rn 
169.95 

23 channels. Continuous fine tuning, automatic noise limiter, PA switch. 
Plug-in mike. FCC type accepted. 

Save 1o.o7 
Royce model 648 
4o-channel CB 
9988 

No. 7o5 
Regularly 1o9.95 

Variable volume and squelch con­ trol — PA switch. Plug-in mike. 

Wards-your CB headquarters 

 hA r 
* r*> 

-- 
-I .a m -A 
Cliffy 

. t o 

M ake emergency (ail*. 
U te it on the farm 

* • k 

Great for home, office. Ideal boating accessory. 

Deluxe mobile 2-way radio. 

Keep in touch when you’re on the go. You get fully variable volume, squelch and tone controls for clear reception. RF gain switch helps prevent distortion from nearby stations. Plus: ANL, large 
S-RF meter, PA switch, mike, hardware. 89 88 

W a, 189.95 

BE SURE TO BRING YOUR WARDS CHARG-ALL CARD ALONG— IT’S THE MOST CONVENIENT WAY TO SHOP AT ANY WARDS STORE 
Value hunters call us h o m e.tP p ffff 

WONDERLAND MALL 
MCCRELESS MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
LACKLAND PLAZA 
RANDOLPH PLAZA 
Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 41o 
So. New Braunfels at Southcross 
IH 35 North at Wabtem Road 
7569 Highway 9o West 
9oo Pat Booker Road 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 
Open IO A.M. until 9 P.M. daily 

Break into CB territory. Save TOO. 

THESE PRICES GOOD SATURDAY, 
FEBRUARY 19th THRU WEDNESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 23rd, 1977 AT ALL SEVEN 
DELUXE STORES 

DELUXE QUALITY HEAVY BEEF 
FAJITAS 
(SKIRTS) 
LB 

DELUXE QUALITY HEAVY BEEF 
CHUCK STEAK 

< 
BLADE 
CUT' LB. 69 

DELUXE QUALITY HEAVY BEEF 
SHOULDER 
ROAST 

 iB. 89* 

IM THE BIG DELUXE SUPERMARKETS 

TOP VALUE STAMP 

★ ★ NO PURCHASE NECESSARY ★ ★ (DETAILS IN EACH STORE) 

DELUXE QUALITY 

5 lbs. or 
MORE 
LB 59 

A 
V 
O 
C 
A 
D 
O 
S 
CAUF. FUERTE 

7 
* 
1 
o 
° 
I 

& 
YELLOW 

/ 
^ 
O 
N 
I 
O 
N 
S 

F A R M F R E S H 

I 
L 
J 
I 
LBS 
% I 
O 
O rn 
FOR f rBb I 
I 

SERRANO 
HOT PEPPERS 

. 
4 
9 
* 

RED RIPE SALAD 
TOMATOES 

8 
4 
9 
* 

GOLDEN RIPE 
BANANAS e> «$ioo 
& FOR f 

CALIF. LARGE 
LETTUCE 
CRISP HEADS 

ROEGELEIN’S 
PURE LARD 99* 
3 LB. CARTON 
LIMIT 3 

*\\V ’ y 
PIN T O £ 
BEANS 

GOLDEN BAK 
BREAD 

U.S. #1 

4 LB. 
BAG 69 

* 
LIMIT 3 PLEASE 

A d d itio n a l 
73c 

25 BONUS TOP VALUE 
STAMPS 
WITH THE PURCHASE OF I IO CT PKG 

EL 
TACO SHILLS. v 

I Vt LB. LO A F 39 

PIONEER FLOUR 

25 lh 
BAG 

PLUS 
SO BONUS 
TOP VALUE 
STAMPS 

P 
A 
I 
IP B * 
BLUE b o n n e t 
FALSTAFF MARGARINE 
I lb. 
PKG. 
4 
4 < 

12 oz. RET. BTL. 

6 PACK CTN. 

CARNATION 
EVAPORATED 
M ILK 
LIMIT 3 PLEASE 
TALL 
CAN 
2 
9 
IVORY 
LIQUID 
DETERGENT 

 ll OZ. 
BTL. 79 

BIG RED 
SODA WATER 

GRADE A 
DOZEN 

32 oz. RET. BTL. 
6 PACK CTN. 

DECKER QUALITY 
SLICED 

PLUS 
DEPOSIT 

BACON SIZZLER 

Pyndus announces candidacy 

By JIM WOOD 
Councilman Phil Pyn ­ dus made his re-election bid official Friday and took a slap at a major opponent, Councilman I). 
Ford Nielsen. 
The recent districting of council seats puts both 
Pyndus and Nielsen in 
District 8 and both are running. 
Using the mayor’s of­ fice at City Hall to make his announcement. Pyn ­ dus told a press confer­ ence he is a conservative and said his voting re­ cord reflects it. 
He accused Nielsen of 
Irving to distort that re- 
S.A. air program is asked 

Mayor Pro rem Henry 
Cisneros believes San 
Antonio ought to develop its own air quality objec­ tives before griping too much about current fe­ deral proposals. 
The 
E n viro n m en tal 
Protection Agency has proposed a “ trade off" policy for this region. 
Such a policy would require a reduction in air pollution to match an in­ crease that would come from a new plant or an expansion. 
The G reater San An­ tonio 
Cham ber of 
Comm erce asked City 
Council Thursday to pass a resolution objecting to the E P A proposal 
Council put off a de­ cision until it gets a briefing from the EPA . 
M eanwhile. Cisneros wrote the chamber board 
Friday urging it under­ take a study of objectives using various sectors such as industry, busi­ ness, schools and labor. 
Local initiative to de­ termine what San Anton­ io wants and needs is missing at present, Cis­ neros said. 

 cord and pass himself off as a fiscal conservative. 

Pyndus claim ed his> opponent is being fin-’ anced by 
“ big de­ velopers.” noted Nielsen supported development of a new m all over the 
Edwards Aquifer which 
Pyndus opposed and rei­ terated his opposition to districting. 
As to campaign financ­ ing. Pyndus said he has little money and is hav­ ing trouble raising funds. 
Pyndus was one of three persons filing F r i­ day for the April 2 coun­ cil election. 
Leonard Medina. 38. of 
1o2 West knoll St., a busi­ ness manager, filed for 
D istrict ti. 
Bern ard o 
Euresto Eureste. 33, of 
434 Taft Blvd., an assis­ tant professor at Our 
Lady of the Lake Univer­ sity, filed for District .T. 
Total number of candi­ dates for the council election stands at 43. 
'Tonight’ to go live 

LOS A N G E L E S (A P ) 
— 
N B C ’s 
“ Tonight 
Sh o w ," broadcast live when it began in 1934, will resume the practice of live nightly telecasts starting M arch 15, the 
NBO Television network said Friday. 

The program, hosted by .Johnny Carson since 
Oct. I, 19H2. currently is taped each day at NBC’s studios in 
Burbank, 
C alif., from 5:3o to 7 p.m., for broadcast late at night. 

NBC said that on 
M arch 15 the program will begin at 8:3o p.m. 
PDT for live broadcast to most of the nation, alth­ ough the West Coast still will continue to get each night's show on tape at 
11:3o p.m. local time. 

Com m and post plane buy halted by Carter 

It takes more than food and a pat on the nose to show blue-ribboned animals at San Antonio's livestock Show. A contes­ tant washes down her entry in the shadows of the February sun. — 
Staff photo by H M. Dean Jr. 
Raise for jail guards okayed 

 pjHmN&tWc 
• 3915 SAN NM O 
• CAU 736-1561 

A reclassification of 
Bexar 
County 
Ja il guards, providing a monthly raise ranging from $21 to $44. was ap­ proved Friday by Com­ missioners Court. 
County Ju d g e B la ir 
Beeves said the reclassi­ fication will bring all of the guards up to the ninth pay level for county em­ ployes. 
Some of the guards had been at the seventh level, he said. 

In cre a se 

Depending on the guard s’ current classificatio n . 
J udge 
Beeves said tho reclassi­ fication move will mean a m onthly salary in ­ crease between $21 and 
814 
There are currently 2o3 jail guards. 
Judge Beeves said he wanted to giv e the guards even higher reclassifica­ tion than what they received. 
“ But there is just so much money in the bud­ get and th at’s what I i-• mited us." he said. 
The judge also added the reclassification was part of Commissioners 
Court overall effort to upgrade the jail and its operation. 
Study 

A ja il m anagem ent study released last year strongly recommended higher wages for the guards 
In related action. Com­ missioners Court voted to 

 institute a new rule which would no longer allow attorneys to visit inmates iii the jail’s core area. 

“ The attorneys are go­ 

 ing to have to meet with their clients iii the same area where everybody else does, instead of the core area w Inch poses several security prob­ lems,’’ he said. 

W A SH IN G T O N (A P ) 
— President Carter, ap­ parently dismayed by the cost, has told the Pen ­ tagon in effect it should not buy any more 
$117-million emergency command post planes like the one he flew in last week. 
Administration sources said Frid a y C arter ex­ pressed his view in a brief memorandum sent to Defense Secretary Ha­ rold Brown. 
Carter flew to Plains, 
Ga., and back last week­ end in one of the jumbo planes, a flying war room from which he and key civilian and m ilitary leaders would direct the 
I S. response in event of a nuclear attack threa­ tening destruction of the capital. 
Enroute to Georgia last 
F rid a y, 
C arter was briefed iii detail by members of the military battle stall' who would iinin tin1 plane’s elabor­ ate communications and other equipment in a cri­ sis. 
The A ir Force now operates three National 
Em ergency 
Airborne 
Command Post planes and is fitting out a fourth with advanced gear, in­ cluding satellite com ­ munications terminals. 

I neiiiployinent is shrinking 

W A S H IN G T O N 
- 
Unemployment caused by natural gas shortages has shrunk to an esti­ mated 242,5oo after a break in the coldest winter in the nation's history. 
The Federal Energy 
Administration says the latest figures collected by the Com m erce De­ partm ent indicate shor­ tage-caused unem ploy­ ment has virtually ended in Maryland, Michigan and Wisconsin and has itnprovcd substantially 

 iii most other states. 
At the same time. In­ terior Secretarv Cecil 
Andrus, who ordered a 

 probe Thursday of off­ shore gas operations iii the Gulf of Mexico, an­ nounced a postponement of steps for new petro­ leum leasing off the P a ­ cific Coast 

Bus integration plan protested 

LO S 
A N G E L E S 
- 
Thousands of students iii the vast Los Angeles public school system boycotted classes iii an apparent protest against proposed busing for inte­ gration 
More than half the stu­ dents in tin’ predomi­ nantly white west 
San 
Fernando Valley staved away from school but other areas in the sprawling district were not greatly affected 
There is no set timeta­ ble for the busing, and, iii fact, no certainty there will be busing. The dis­ trict is under court order 

 to integrate schools. 

(.ariel* call* iii 
Mideast chiefs 

W A SH IN G T O N 
- 
ITes'dent Carter says he is inviting leaders of the 
Middle East nations to meet with him ill W a ­ shington in preparation for possible reconvening of peace talks in Geneva later this year 
He called this year the brightest hope for peace he can rem em ber but said he could not guar­ antee success iii resolv­ ing the areas problems 

Talks put hack 

W ASHINGTON - The 
U.S. and Britain have re­ jected for the time be­ ing a South African bid for early’ three-nation talks on the Bhodesian crisis. Instead, U S. and 
British envoys will dis­ cuss tin* issue next week here. 

Reinstated guards to receive back pay 

Three 
County 
Ja il guards who were fired because they were charged with assault but later reinstated will be receiving a total $14,977 in back pay. 
Commissioners Court voted Friday to approve the back-pay allocation for 
Bobert Collins. 23; Charles Harris, 23. aud Jam es Lov mgs, 3o 
The court had earlier voted to rein­ state the men. 
The men will receive the pay they have accumulated since last 
May when they were indicted bv the Bexar 
County Grand Ju ry on charges of assaulting Pablo Garza, 33, of 1437 

Santa Barbara St., while he was a prisoner. 
Garza had been arrested during a disturbance at a service station and then booked in the jail where, he testified, the three guards beat and kicked him. 
However, County Court-at-Law Ray­ mond Wietzel found the three men not guilty of the assault charges after a two-day trial last September. 
The County Civil Service Commis­ sion recently recommended to Com­ m issioners Court the guards be reinstated with all back pay. 
Fired Heights teacher files suit over dismissal 

A form er 
Alam o 
Heights School District teacher filed suit Friday against the d istrict charging he was illegally dismissed. 
The suit filed by John 
S McDonnell alleges he was dismissed from his position as an 
English teacher at the Alam o 
Heights Ju n io r School illegally. 

The d is tric t’s school board voted to discharge 
M cDonnell at a Feb. 8 meeting even though the district’s superintendent failed to file his written recom m endation con­ cerning the matter, the suit states. 
The boaru also voted in secret not to pay McDon­ 

 nell tor w orking from 
Ja n . 24 to Feb. 8, a c ­ cording to the suit. 
The board actions, ac­ cording to the suit, vio­ lated McDonnell's rights. 
The teacher's suit asks for a d istrict judge to order the district to rein­ state McDonnell with his lull back pay. 

All 4 KarotkirTs stores 

 will be open this Saturday 

 for browsing only maim 
12 NOON TO 6 PJL for a very special 

 i 

I rn 
Save up to 5o% 
ON SELECT ITEMS 
SEE OUR AD IN SUNDAY'S PAPER! 
R 

■ 

 arotkin’s 

 h m m • IMH* a * * ,, t>M •»«« 

•roadway 
9 SO J kvadwuy 
• 34 94oJ 

Downtown 
331 f C tm n w ii 
13/ *341 

 tty M Cay 
I New* 
* i SowfHuott 514 *111 

Na,th Via, 
Sen P«d«« a Veep 41o 
341 3111 

‘ Diplomats an* just as es­ sential to starting a war as soldiers are for finishing it.” 
— Will Rogers 
In the same vein, bidding a slam is only half the battle 
There still remains the mat­ ter of making it 
Today's challenger gives us a neat ex­ ample 
Declarer was a bit disap­ pointed in finding such a heavy eonoenlralion in dum­ my's club holding He had hid the slam on the strength of the singleton club and • declarer would have much preferred to find more of dummy's high cards in the red suits. Nevertheless, the slam was a good one and needed only one of two finesses to work for success - at least a 75 per cent chance 
The club ace was won in dummy and the heart finesse went to West's king West ex­ ited with the club deuce and declarer was forced to ruff 
East's king Now the contract hinged on finding the dia­ mond queen After drawing a couple more trumps Irving lo decide which way to go, declarer go* impatient and decided to finesse* against 
H.im West took ih«* diamond queen and the slam was down on* 
Naturally, had declarer finessed diamonds against 
West, he would have made the slam Were there some clues that d eclarer had missed'* 
West's play of the club suit was very revealing He led a presumed fourth best and when next on lead, he ied the deuce 
Rarrmg some false cards, clearly this marked 
West with a five card club sui! 'don I expect all players to be quite aa accomodating in providing a count against the slam I 
This hit of information should have been enough 
After losing lo the trump king and ruffing the club king 

WICHT 
* N 4 
K 3 
9762 
J #6 3 2 

NORTH 
• A IO • 
9 q«75 
I K i l l 
♦ a q 
KAST 

I IN A 

9 
♦ 
A 

• J NS 32 
IV 
4 K 1o 15 4 
HOI'TH 
• KQ7 
9 A J 1o 9 6 
9 A J IO 3 
4 7 

Vulnerable 
Both, Dealer: 
South, The bidding 

South 
West North 
(Cast 
19 
Pass 39 
Pass 
4 ♦ 
Pass 4* 
Pass 1 
o9 
Pass Pass 
Pass 

Opening lead 
Three of clubs 

 declarer should have played and then i vee ip and tner 
This would three spade reveal that West had started with ohly four cards in the major suits and would mark 
West s length in diamonds. 
Now the winning play of the diamond ace and a diamond finesse would become ob­ vious and declarer would have had a happy day 

Bid With Corn 
South holds 

• K tj 7 
I ISH 
9 A J it) NI 
♦ V J IO 3 
47 

South 
North 
19 
24 
2# 
29 

Answer; Two no trump 
Suggests either a heart or no trump game and leaves the final decision lo North 'op­ tim ists and o v e rb id d e n would jump lo three no trump and hope for th* best). 

B o m b t*4*are 

NAHLEN. 1V\ (AID — 
Naples 
Ju n io r 
High 
School was evacuated 
F rid a y m orning after police found what they teared was a I ho i i t i ut a restroom al Hie school 

A bomb disposal unit from Et Sam Houston in 
San Antonio was sent to the 
Northeast 
Texas school and was expected lo arrive later iii the day 

GRIMM’S your comp/oto professional pardon conter 

NORTHEAST 
OMN DAUT l:3o-*:oo 
* !? * ' 
. 
4 M 3 San p#dro 
SUNDA) 9:oo-6 oo 
' 7o4 , o n d , r a * d 
PH. 344-4576 
PH. 434-4111 

YOUR CHOICE OF THE HOUSE— B/R STOCK 
FRUIT TREES 
____ _____ 
PEACHPLUM-APRICOTS 
% 
APPLES-PEARS-FIGS 
^ 
“ 
& NECTERINES 

 p e c a n t r e e s 
CHOCTAW, CHEROKEE, MOHAWK, 
STUART AND SUCCESS. 
ALSO o U r~EXTR A LARGE 
TEXAS GIANT PECANS 2o™ 

R E G U L A R 

PRICE 

VEGETABLE AND BERRY TIME! 

Sabots (IO per pkg.) - Reg. 1.29. . . . 
P o ta to e s .......................................................................N ow 
2 o ♦ lb . 
N ow O X < I 
Horseradish (3 per pkg.) • Reg. 2 .4 9 ................................ N ow 2 * 1 ] 
Rhubard-Crim son Red (3 per pkg.) 
Reg. 2 .9 8 .............N ow S . 4 i 
Asparagus • Mary Washington (8 per pkg.) - Reg. 2.98 
N ow 
Blueberries • Supreme (I per pkg.) - Reg. 2 .9 8 ................. N ow 
Clim bing Thom loss B lackberry (pkg.) - Reg. 3.49 . . . N ow 
Austin Dew berry (pkg.) - Reg. 3 .4 9 .............................. N ow 
Thornless B oysenberry (pkg.) - Reg. 3 . 4 9 ....................N ow 
T O M A T O E S 
ASSORTS VAIHTIIS 

 rn md rots 
1 5 ’,IA. OR 1.5o 
DOZ. 

FRESH STOCK 

CALIFORNIA ROSES! 
NEW and OLD! ALI AMERICAN ROSES 

GROWING IN 2 gal CANS, TAGGED TRUE 
TO NAME ONLY PROVEN VARIETIES FOR 
SAN ANTONIO. HYBRIO, GRAND FLORAS, 
FLORA DUNDAS I CUMBERS - GUARAN 
TEED. 
$2 
98 
UP 

Rudy Says; 

OW IS THE TIME 

TO FEED YOUR TREES 

 fe rti-lo m e 

TREE AND SHRUB 

FOOD! 

MAKES TREE 

FEEDING EASY! 

NO HOLES TO DIG— 

Hot Penetrating Action 

TREE & SHRUB FOOD 

» 
„ 
» 4 9 
5 

‘8.95 

BAG 

5” 
Pot GERANIUMS 

N O W $ 

B1ooMING ORCHIDS 
95 
3o I* 35 
Blooms 
Larga Plant-*39 

( i n 'rn I p , /burin ti! 

G r o w 
H e a l t h y 

B e a u t i f u l P l a n t : 

 a Uh \utin>mll\ mini .ut 

BACCTQ/'W)/#/. 

Tilts is nature s ideal grow­ ing -tedium lur all plant­ ing u»cs nu hiding house plants, tunings, seed (Tats bulbs and window boxes, 
BUY NOW! 
25 

Beautiful 
RANUNNCUlUS 
AND ANEMONES PUNTS 
SPECIAL 
2 
9 
4 
Each or 1.9o Per Dot. 

IM I 

LB. 
SACK 
NOW $2 

 lilt, 

9 7 

"DECORATIVE BARR" 
LAI GE, MID. ANO SHAU 

Rag. 5,99 tom 
o4o*o $4 

97 

- 

' C O U P O N 

PEAT MOSS 
| 

ES ferti-lome 

DORMANT 
SPRAY 
& 
SUMMER 
OR 

DORMANT 

SPtAY 
Control 

Scab ae 

FLOWERS, 

SHRUBS, 

TREIS 

DURING 

DORMANT 

AND 

SUMMER 

MONTHS. 

 r tot rn ha* net 
B e « Au* Pom im 

I **» 1349 
* COUPON 
• I 

 lf boh Hi my fee rn 
*'s3S£ 

I I A M O W T Af 
14 *• W tin* Mi heft 

• * « ? « • * h t m um m m 

A f SAM 
| * t y 
• 'ifiurON 

 it* a * ♦ a t i 

LOQUATS 
I pl mo. J It hf 
Vtiw«y NwWa. Im* ffm 

& 
' I * 

 iiin 
* ii iii' 

SAN ANTO N IO EXPRESS — Saturday February 19 I 977 
H ighland lakes— good place to relax 

Continued trom Page IB 

 and 29oo to Kingsland. Kingsland is at the head of Lake LBJ. 
This is red granite country. The big outcroppings of red, given a bluish tinge by the whitish-green moss, were memorable. 
Rain, dark skies and cold of prev ious days had whetted our taste for su n ­ shine and the Texas outdoors. 
And this granite-jeweled country around Lake LBJ from Wirt/ Dam to 
K ingsland — with such sp e c ia ls as 
Sandy Creek with its wide, reddish- brown sandbars — made us forget the winter. 
From Kingsland we took I’M 2342 and then Park Road 4 to Inks Lake* 
State Park 
Inks Lake is the s m a lle s t of the 
Lower ('(dorado River Authority lakes. 
Bonnie and I think it is the prettiest. 
We picnicked looking out over the lake — the water shining dark blue all the wav down to the dam. Just across the lake from us was a particularly beautiful granite outcropping. 
The park features w ater sports, a nine-hole golf cou rse and 2oo cam p sites. The stretch of cold weather had cut the number of visitors the day we were there But it is one of the most popular state parks 
C h ild re n 

Several children were swinging and see-sawing — a man was working on his boat's motor — and a couple of families were lounging in chairs out­ side their motor homes, soaking up the sunshine. 
A man and a lively little boy were down by the lake and Bonnie wanted the boy for a picture. They were San 
A n ton ia n s — J e r r y T h o m a s and 
5-year-old Steve. 
“ When the sun cam e out, our family couldn't resist hopping into our mo* torhome and com ing up here." Tho­ mas said. 
From Inks we went north to Texas 
Hwy. 29. stopping for a few minutes at an unusual roadside park — a m assive g r a n ite ou tcro p p in g with b ou lders piled 29 feet high. Then across the up­ per ends of Inks Lake and to Buchanan 
Dam. 

 in this area but. time was running out on us and we did not drive out to them. 
A r e c e n t le t te r from M rs. L. R. 
Hereford Sr. of San Antonio heightened our appreciation of this area. 
Mrs. Hereford was born in Bluffton 
— not the present Bluffton but an ear­ lier one now covered by the lake. 
“ My grandfather Shaw was an early day Llano County sheriff,” Mrs. Here ford said . “ He w as a m erc h a n t in 
Llano but in the 189os traded his city property for a farm and ranch in the bend of the Colorado River. 
“ The town of Bluffton was nearby and my grandfather was postm aster there many years.” 
The largest island in Buchanan lake w as part of 
M rs, 
H e r e fo r d 's grandfather’s farm and is named Shaw 
Island for him. 
Bonnie and I are always amazed at how recent frontier days are in Texas. 
Though they had happened 3o years earlier, Mrs. Hereford recalls as a lit­ tle girl she stood on the porch of a little store at Bluffton and heard men “ tell tall tales” of Indian raids. 
Ironically one of the greatest busi­ ness failures of all time — the collapse of a utility em pire that had interna­ tional effects — had a connection with 

 the death of the little hamlet of Bluff­ ton far off the beaten path in Texas. 
Samuel Insult and his brother. Mar­ tin. decided to build a big waterpower plant on the Colorado. They selected the site of today’s Buchanan Dam — then c a lle d H am ilton D a m — and started work. 
When the crash cam e. Samuel Instill fled to Europe and work on the dam stopped. But the Instills had bought much of the land to be covered by the lake and many people had moved out. 
In time LG RA took over the project and completed Buchanan Dam in 1937. 
G ra v e s 

Before the land was flooded, graves in Bluffton and other cem eteries were mov ed about eight m iles west. 
“ Some of those graves had been iii the Bluffton cemetery as long as 8o to 
IOO years,” Mrs. Hereford said. 
We ended our “outbound” trip at the appealing little town of Tow. The view off to the east from that area is m ar­ velous.The lake is hidden but you know it’s out there. And that long ridge — another “ Blue Ridge” in the distance 
— is its eastern shore. 
What can beat a “ goof-off day” in 
Texas? . 

W hat s more fun than Dad and the boys fishing together? And where is there a more interesting place to fish than on the 
Colorado River in the shadow of giant Buchanan D am ? Joe Villa — his hometown was San Antonio — is now in the I st Cavalry 
Division at Fort Hood. With him are his sons, Zach, Joe and Scott. 

The dam is more than two m iles lote,'. the longest multiple-arch dam iii 
Hie I .S. There is a walkway across the dgiii with a m arvelou s view up the lake. 

Back iii San Antonio I telephoned the 
Lower Colorado River Authority and had the good fortune to talk with Art 
Anderson, parks and land supervisor 
He has been with the authority since 
1939 and k n ow s m uch of its even earlier history. 

I asked Anderson about the changes the lakes had brought to places such as 
Kingsland 

“ The Llano runs into the Colorado there.’’ Anderson said “ And vears ago. 

Kingsland w as a w ell-know n resort town with one of those old-fashioned, ram b lin g resort h o tels 
E x cu rsio n trains ran there from Austin. 
K in g sla n d 

“ Then that sort of thing died and 
Kingsland faded. At one time I don’t believe there were more than four or five people living there. Then the lakes came and Kingsland cam e to life.” 
The Texas Almanac now estim ates 
Kingsland^ population at 1,5o1). 
Anderson told m e many important things about the U R A developm ent but for this piece I was interested in his stories such as the one about a once-well-known Inks Lake institution. 
“ The Colorado River is the dividing 

 line between 
Llano and 
Burnet counties.” Anderson said. “ Years ago. 
Llano was wet and Burnet dry. An en­ terprising man anchored a houseboat 

 i i i Inks Lake just beyond the center line of the river so it would be in Llano 
County and started sellin g beer and liquor. 
“ It w as a busy place with people from Burnet County getting in a boat and going out to the houseboat. Som e­ times somebody would get a little too much beer and fall in the water. 
“ But they kept a hook handy to fish them out." 
The last lap of our trip took us up the west bank of Lake Buchanan — up FM 
281 to Bluffton and Tow. The LCRA has three small campgrounds on the lake 

ABOVE GROUND 
SWIMMING POOLS 
POOL TABLES 

4' TO 7' DEEP 
STEEL CONSTRUCTION 
VINYL INTERIOR 
POCH. CHEMICALS & SUPPLIES 
FOR ALL POOLS 
A 
V 
P l f 
P O O L & BILLI 
- 
I E A 
SU P P LY 
8o1 5 WEBBLES 653-1 566 
I (tali West al ll ' at Waltam Rd 
WAlZtM 
O P EN D A ILY 
---------- 
Mon.-fri. 1o.3o-6:3o 
Sol 1o:3o S.OO 
* 
C la ia d S u n d a y 

GENUINE 
SLATE 
POOL TABLES 

((W INDSOR FARK 
IM 
M A U - from*399 

Pi*. • % v 
You can't buy better than 

W icked on w eeds, great on gross 

Crabrass & Spurge Preventer 
Plus Lawn Food 
Prevents over 15 kinds of weeds from germinating, making this an excellent pre-planting treatment. Will not kill weeds once they have emerged. Con­ tains Dacthal — for turf lawns only. Not for dichondra lawn use Contains five plant nutrients including 16% sulphur for green, healthy lawns. Scientifically formulated tor Southern sods 
25 lb. bag 

A real tree treater 

Fruit & Shade Tree Food 
Thousands of orchard growers use this beautifully balanced formula of 8 plant foods to help create quality fruits and nuts, rich green foliage, healthy and productive trees Use this bal­ anced nitrogen, phosphate and potash tree food with confidence 
5 lb. box * 2o ib. bag 

Featured at leading garden centers 
( b e st) 

Best Products Division 
Occidental Chemical Company 
P O Box 1186/Houston, Tx 77oo1 

Group seeking medical service 

 b P t C I A t T O T H I L A W S S N L W S 

CRYSTAL CITY—Res­ idents iii four 
South 
T exas counties want a 
San Antonio-based health planning agency to cor­ rect Uh* lack of hospitals and doctors in this area. 
More than 75 residents of D im m it. M averick . 
Z avala and 
L a S a lle co u n tie s m et h ere re ­ cently with Dick Reor­ dain planner with the 
Camino Real Health Sys­ tems Agency. 
Testimony during the meetings centered on the lack of health services in rural areas of the four counties 
Several persons said emergency services Dud to be obtained iii Mexico or San Antonio. 
Moreover, services ca bi Iv accessible to urban residents, such as den­ tistr y , o b s t e tr ic s and nursing homes are non­ existent in the rural ar­ eas. several citizens said 
H as clin ic 
Z avala C ounty d oes have a clinic where doc­ tors treat patients twice a week. it was noted, but such clinics only offer Ii 
I m i ic d s e r v ic e s , clinic 

I 
Dir Luz Gutierrez said 
The meeting was called by the 
South 
T exa 
Health Consumers Assn 
The El Camino HSA is r e sp o n s ib le for h e a lth | planning activities iii a nine-county area. 
Most didn't pay for information 

Ninety five per cent of 
T ex a s te le p h o n e c u sto m e r s w ere not charged for calls to di- rectory assistance in the first mon t ti of the statewide call reduction plan. 
"Looking at residences and businesses separate* 
Iv. we found I hat 95 per cent of residences arid HH per cent of b u sin esses were not charged for di* rectory assistance," said 
Dov Ie Rogers, v ice presi­ dent of Texas Southwes­ tern Bell. 
T he percentage is bused on the first two full billing periods since the charge went into effect 
Jan 
7 
I he data rep re­ sents billing sam pling furl 
Too (NHI 
Texas cu sto m ­ ers 
"Rev tew lug th ese ti* j gyres, I find it difficult to understand how anyone, particularly an elected r e p r e s e n t a tiv e of ti people, call support cu rent legislation in Alist lo prohibit directors a d istan ce c h a r g in g , 
Rogers said 

EXPRESS YOURSELF! 
Create your own distinctive decorator look with one of our lovely sofas...priced 
I /3 OFF! 

Give your living area a new lift for spring ... with a delightful new sofa from Fishers. Select from several lovely prints, beautiful solid colors, or subdued stripes in a stunning array of decorator fabrics, including velvets, linen-looks, polished cottons and tapestries. 
With substantial 1/3 OFF savings, these sofas won’t last long, so shop early. 

T H - 

Jd m i l^ 7 '"I 

'N. 

L e - V J i f f 
9 / 

B 

•K * 
/f l 

EXA C T LY 
A S ILLUSTRATED 

 o f s a n a n t o n i o 
° 

A. Beautiful loose back pillow traditional sofa. Arm bolsters kick pleat skirt. Soft muted shades of green on off white, floral design upholstery. 
$ o 7 o 
RIG. S57o...1/3 OFF................. . 
o / 7 * 

B. Contemporary low back sofa, soft loose pillow backs and seat cushions; with button arm bolsters. Available in a variety of colors and fabric designs. 
$ O O O 
Reg. $6oo...1/3 OFF.. I . .............. o 7 7 . 

C. Striking contemporary sofa, low arm,loose pillow bock and seat cushions. Neutral colors on striped upholstery. 
$ Q O O 
Reg. $6oo .1/3 OFF...................... O 7 7 * 

D. Elegant French sofa, gracefully curving lines. 
Button tufted back, three cushions, kick pleat skirt. 
Lovely velvet upholstery in pumpkin shade. 
J A A Q 
Reg. $74o...1/3 OFF 
...............4 o 7 , 

E. Lovely traditional sofa, loose cushion backs and arm pillows. Three seat cushions, rolled arms, kick pleat skirt. Off white pattern upholstery. 
% M Q Q 
Reg. $759...1/3 O ff..;. 
........... H 
7 7 , 

COME IN TODAY 

AND SEE OUR COMPLETE 

SELECTION OF 

FABULOUS SoFAS...AH 

FANTASTICALLY REDUCED! 

IMMEDIATE 
DELIVERY 
FROM STOCK 

Open Doily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 
(Closed Sunday) 

1 4 5 o N.I. Loop 4 1 o 

USE OUR 
REVOLVING 
CHARGE 

I 
"distinctive hom e furnishing* 

 a f sun antonio 
Phono 8 2 4 * o 5 7 5 

DIANNE FLACK 
IN UK K IK S’SAN ANTONIO 

St. M ark’s ready for 

Through the years, accord­ ing to Mrs Roy Beale. one of the women instrum ental in s ta r t in g the lu n c h eo n s, 
“ We've had some tunny ex­ periences and som e n o t-So­ lon ny. 
“ Trying to otter the very best and freshest food, we o rig in a lly bought fresh shrim p by the barrel and had them shipped from the coast 
“ After peeling and cooking the req u ired am o u n ts. St 
Mark s smelled like a shrimp fleet We’ve switched to good frozen shrim p and improved our image ” 
\ olunteers 

IS 

Half and large Size fashions 

W ash in gton ’s Birt Inlay 
Pant Special! 
9 

Ask the question 
‘W h at’s cookin’? ’ and the Women of the Church at St. Mark’s Episcopal 
Church will give you the whole menu for their 
Lenten Luncheons. 

For a full month they have been cooking, baking and freezin g full speed in the church kitchen Chief cook is 
Mrs Viola Walker. 
Planned and prepared by the Women of the Church, food for the luncheons is pre­ p ared w eeks iii a d v a n c e , cooked and then stored in 

MMES. ARTHUR M. COLVIN, ROY I. PEALE ANO JACK HEBDON 
...mountains of turkey prepared for Lenten Luncheons 

PHOTO BY JO SE BARRERA 

Over KHI lady volunteers a day turn out to serve luncheon guests assisted by a couple of willing men who help in the plate scraping work. 
Profit from the luncheons is divided among a num ber of ch aritab le organizations s e ­ lected by the Women of the 
Church 
Service is planned for speed so that working gnosis may eat during a scheduled lunch hour. Varlets i i i the menu makes it possible ie eat som e­ thing different every day. 
Miss M an Ethel Vaughan is chairman assisted bv Mrs. 
Edward E. Anderson. 
Other chairmen are Mines. 
Howard Huntington. Terry L 
\ otters. J. T hom as Deely, 
W illiam J u d s o n , Then ll 
Spindle, Byron Rife. William 
VV. Oehse, Richard C. Halter and Bryan Schiller. 
Alsu. Lucille Vaughan and 
Rosalie Roberson and Mines. 
V ernon L, H elm k e, G lenn 
Jones. Leon Lewis, Aubrey 
Tultlehoe. John Paul Gould, 
Jack Hobdon. Art Colvin. Hu­ go Elmendorf. Roy I 
Peak*. 
Robert N. McDowell and Paul 
Klinger. 

SAN E Vt! New Spring pull-on pants of HME I polyester knit, to start your 
•pring wardrobe ol sportswear for your favorite lops. In black. navy, brown. r e d .\e llo v . blue and white. ALL SALES I IN VL. PLEASE! 

NU M VIN VV E . / M I L I T A R Y DR Pl \ / \ 

N UR I ll ST VR M VI L/VV O M ) ! RI VM> 
Vl.ti in ( iirjiii- I liti'ii an<l Nun.inn 
Try a new taste o f Eastern food 

V ie tn a m e se food held no fas­ cination for m e at all until so­ m eone suggested I try it. 

The Viet-Nam R estaurant at 3244 
Broadway, specializing in crab cooked 
-even ways, cam e highly recom m end­ ed. 
Even so. I w as se cre tly relieved when the place was closed the first time I went there. 
What a pleasant s u rp rise —when I went hack and it was open — to find the food is delic ious’ 
The plainness of the outside of the building translates to neatness and cleanliness oil the inside Blue carpet and red curtains are cheerful and in­ viting 
Cue Nguyen, the charm ing lads who owns the restaurant and docs all the cooking, and her two sons (they wait tables) extend their own special kind of hospitality—m ak in g num erous trips from kitchen to dining room to lie sure you are enjoying your food 
And the night we w ere there, the restaurant took on a particular friend­ liness that I am told is typical of dining out iii Europe 
Custom ers were introducing th e m ­ selves from table to table comparing notes un the food and visiting with the proprietor. 
Two of the diners had visited the 
Vietnamese restaurant in Paris that I had read about — hut couldn’t quite 
Indies e vv as that good' 
Sprinkling 

Mrs Nguyen’s language is like her food—Vietnamese with a sprinkling of 
French and ” American.’* 
We tried crab cooked in three of the seven ways and thought each was ex­ cellent. 
The Crab Soup with Asparagus (ii Iii lor a cup) is made from a rich pork tunic broll) 
< rah Egg Rolls are longer, rounder and thinner than the Chinese variety and are served three to an order 
($2 •‘XII, already sliced for eating with chops! leks 
(Bv custom , ladies eat with red chopsticks and men with w hite') 
The egg rolls arrive al tile tuble nu y platter with bile sl/t d pieces ol lettuce 
The two al e eaten together vs itll the pa ante-lasting Bsh sauce 
Crab suprem e i i i liq is a mixture ut 
(Mirk, m ushroom s and bean threads and served with rice 
The other lour crab dishes include slut led crab. crab with fried rice ami mixed meal fried cl ah claws aud fried crab “ Ungers that are lightly salted and traditionally served with I leer. 

Where lo go 
What to eat 

Bv Jan e I Ibm h 

We ordered rose wine <55 cents per glass; also sold by the bottle) with our dinner. 
We also tried a chicken entree that is prepared with tiny slivers of hot pepper and finely-chopped lemon grass, a sorrel-type plant that has the arom a of fresh lemon 

Bite-sized pieces of white meat are sauteed iii a light and lemony sauce, and a plate of hotly-pickled Chinese cabbage is served on the side. 
For dessert, we tried both the flan cake and lychee fruit 
So many new taste experiences! 
Snow 

But equally interesting to us was meeting Sirs Nguyen, whose nickname is “ Snow." tin* nam e of her French restaurant iii Saigon. 
“ Snow’’ cam e here about two years ago us a refugee, selecting Sun Antonio 
I a r u use of the climate. 
She brought 9 of her 12 children and worked as a seam stress alter teaching herself to sew . 

Though Mrs Nguyen was successful, she decided to put lier 22 years ol b u sin e ss e x p e rie n c e to w ork and opened the restaurant three months ago 
Iii Saigon she had had three different restaurants, a building m aterials busi­ ness, a factory w here lacquer was applied to wooden objects and an ini- 
|M»rt business (after the French left. sin* bought fabrics and cosmetics iii 
( anthodia to sell in Vietnam). 
Now a citizen of the I S., “ Know" is enjoying her freedom. 
Mid s h e Ieels happy a n d s e c u r e iii 
San Antonio, One ol t h e t h in g s she t alk s at tout most is earning en o u g h money to put up a sign w e l c o m i n g V i e t n a m veterans 
I he Viet-Naut R estaurant is open h o r n ll a iii to 2 it) p iii ami from 
V to It) ti iii Monday through Saturday 

All dishes are pi cpu red to order so customers should allow time for the conking-"-usually only & to III minutes per dish 
Besides (tie V lelnano se loud 
Mrs 
Nguven otters Chinese dishes as well as a specialty thai isn t on the m e n u — 
< tm ken ( ordun Bleu 

HANDMADE PERSIAN RUGS 

Lenten lunch 

 ir oriental rugs are showing and they’re on sale) 
Thurs,Fri.&Sat. only. 

This specks! allowing I talc (at tremendous savings) will feature Mr. Karim too man, owner of Tehran Orientals. I direct importer of these exquisite handwoven rugs. Mr, footman wHI he 
In our showroom to assist and advise you on your selection. 
Come view this magnificent ceduction, the decorating possthWdes are etudes* with a wide variety of colors I patterns In wool, sHh, or combination silks. Sices up to 11x17 I priced from HOO to $14,ooo. 

SPECIAL STORE. HOURS FOR THIS SALE. 
IO AM TIU 8 PM THURS & FRI NIGHTS 
9 3 2 9 W URZBACH. 6 9 o I 791 
BANK AMI RiC ABD MASH RC MARCI. k RIVCXVING CMARCX 

 freezers to assure ample sup­ ply. Among the tem pting di­ shes will be salads of shrimp, ch ick en , to m a to asp ic and pineapple cream , as well as roast beef, shrim p creole, chicken a la king and Italian spaghetti. 
H o m em ad e hot b is c u its , fruit plates for the diet cons­ cious and a wide variety of d e s s e rts , in c lu d in g fudge squares, apple pie. cherry ta rts and straw b e rry s h o rt­ 

 cak e w ill be se rv e d once again 
F o r the 26th y e a r, the lunches will be served begin­ ning on Thursday, following 
Ash Wednesday. On Wednes­ days. Thursdays and Fridays, from 11:3o a.m. to 1:3o p.rn the luncheons will continue through April I in the Parish 
Hall. 
Church services w ill be held on these days from 12:o5 to 
12:35 p.m. with an outstanding 

 guest m inister each day of­ fering a non-denominational m essage. The Rev. Stanley 
Hauser, St. M ark’s rector, an­ nounces that the new Bishop, the RI. Rev. Scott Field Bai­ ley. will be the first speaker. 
He wi l l sp e ak oil 
Ash 
Wednesday and the following two days. 
T here is free p ark in g iii 
Auditorium Circle 
The wom en have s tr e a m ­ lined and improved both their menu and service. Many have helped every year and others join the group each year. 

EXPRESS NEWS 

-------------------------------------------N 

Saturday February 19 1977 

Page 
I -C 

Citizenship to be topic 

Golden Eagle Chapter, 
A m erican Business Wo­ m e n 's Association will meet in the Arden Grove at R:3o p.m. Tuesday for a talk by ('apt. Thomas St. 
C White on Citizenship. 
Pat Welter will he tilt* vocational speaker. 

SAN ANTO NIO EXPRESS —Saturday February 19 1977 

ARtHKtTIS RHEUMATISM 
MUSCULAR RAINS 

■ 
- e r r m o MR-1o M 'm iit U 
» »- ■» J| *-■- 
-I 
Ri 
—11-X w nn mb now o «■» w m u ww finti to Mtovto. p l oftHito qtoUy. lip wl toitoi p l toto S U tow 45< toto, to* to. l i l t tot o rn * iw t o t o i e l ito p to wvatope tor p o p tort ti Mel t«W to 
SI. MEL-ZO Co. 
F.O. to t SSM. Cppw Omit, tot 7UPS 

Meet Mrs. Bobby Vinton 

 i j h n p iit u u n r - iir m i n r s E ic i 

DINE IN BOERNE, I 8 8 5 
W e offer all meals and beverages and menu variety: from country breakfast to cocktails, sandwiches to steaks. M exican and conti­ nental dishes, too. Come enjoy! 

On the Plaza, Boerne 
(Closed Mon.) 
I -249-3ooo 

 nTL£f$ 

RESTAURANTS 

P 
H 
W 

Golden 
Wedding 

M r. a n d M rs . Ervin 
H a ile r w ill be h o n ­ ored on their golden w ed din g anniversary w ith an open house from 2 to 5 p.m. Sa-, tu r d a y a t 
Z ion 
L u th e ra n 
C h u rc h . 
H osts w ill be th e ir son a n d d a u g h te r - in-law, M r. and Mrs. 
R. L. H a lle r o f Fort 
W o r t h a n d g r a n d ­ daughter. 

By E V E L Y N N SAW Y IK 
Mrs. Bobby Vinton came to 
San Antonio Friday to accept an award for her husband, singer, entertainer and film star, from the Polish Arts and Culture 
Foundation of San Antonio. 
The award was given to Bobby Vin­ ton and six others with 
Polish backgrounds at the Copernicus Ball in th e Hilton P a la c io del Rio F rid a y night. 
Bright and early Friday morning I met Mrs. Vinton for breakfast with 
Mrs. Charles Grace and Wanda Tome- zy k ow ska-G rabianow ska in the St. 
Anthony Madrid Room. 
The early hour didn't phase Mrs. 
Vinton, even though she had only a r­ rived a few hours before. She's used to getting lip at Ii:3o a.m. because of tin* co u p le’s five c h ild re n . Robbie. 12, 
Kristin, IO. Christopher. 9. Jennifer, ti. and Rebecca, 3. 

Playmates 

The couple has been m arried for 14 years after being childhood playmates iii Canonsburg. Pa., and attending the sam e Polish Catholic grade school. 
Mrs. Vinton was the only non-Pole at the school, but her parents wanted her to go there because it was Catholic. 
Three classes every day were con­ ducted entirely in Polish, reading, writing and speaking the language. All 

 and Mrs. Vinton laughed that “ for years I couldn’t think my prayers in 
English.” 
After Bobby g rad u a ted from Du- quense University in Pittsburgh and proposed a few family hurdles had to be overcome. “ His parents were a little apprehensive because I was Irish. 
“ When I met his grandparents, they discussed me in Polish without realiz­ ing I could understand every word they said. His grandfather was sweet. He kept saying, ‘But she looks Polish.’” 

Similar 

Mrs. Vinton credits their enduring marriage to their sim ilar backgrounds and knowing from childhood w hat 
Bobby wanted out of life. 
Their lifestyle has helped rather than weakened their m arriage. “ For Bob and me separation is very good. It’s extrem ely difficult to live with the same person seven days a week, 52 weeks a year. 
“ Ifs almost an impossibility. The way we live. I feel as though I’m on a constant honeymoon. When he is away on personal a p p e aran c es, I do the things I want to do —I paint, write, attend school activities and do volun­ teer work in several organizations. 
“ The day he comes home, my friends don t even call. They know I don’t do anything except what he wants to do. I devote all my en erg ies to what he wants. 
“ I overlook little annoying things. as I know he’s only going to be here for 

MRS. BOBBY VINTON 
...accepts husband’s aw ard 

 a few days. He does the sam e for me. 
We both work extremely hard to make each other happy. 
“ We have im plicit tru st in each other. You shouldn’t m a rry without this.” Mrs. Vinton smilingly recalls what one of their neighbors in Pacific 
P a lisad e s, Calif., said about th e ir healthy m arriag e. “ She said w e’re giving the neighborhood a bad nam e.” 
When Vinton’s work requires him to he away for long stretches of tim e 

—such as the seven months separation his TV show required —his wife joins him for long weekends w ith a couple of the children. 
At times, they all accompany him on tours, lf this interferes with school. 
Mrs. Milton feels, “ The education part of it is secondary to the family’s being together. During the slimmer we all tour together for six or seven weeks." 

B ackground 

Vinton has been a musical perform er since age 12 when he played in his father’s orchestra. Eventually, he had his own band, cut records and sang. 
The first two singing records he cut each sold over three and a half million, 
“ Ruses Are Red” and “ Mr. Lonely." 
During a slum p in his career, his mother suggested he sing something for the Polish people. All he knew in 
Polish was a Christm as carol, so lie wrote the lyrics in both English and 
Polish for “ Melody of Love” and it became No. I nationwide. 
The song gave restored pride to the 
Polish people, but it also gave ethnic pride to all nationalities. 
M rs. Vinton ta k e s e v e ry th in g in stride. A very dow n-to-earth brown- eyed blonde, she has learned how to m ake the best of life. “ H appiness makes the times that aren’t so happy, bearable.” 
Bobby Vinton is currently appearing in Las Vegas in the Riviera. Mrs. Vin­ ton is joining him this evening for a dinner party. 
McNay plans art programs 

McNay- Art In stitu te will p re s e n t two p r o ­ minent men in the art w orld in the next few days. 
Reginald Rowe, artist 
• and teacher, will be fea­ tu red w ith a la rg e exhibition of his most re­ cent work. The opening of 
Ins exhibit will be held from 2 to 4 p.m. Sunday. 
His art will rem ain on v lew through March 19. 
M itchell A. W ild er, d ire c to r of the Anion 
Carter Museum of Wes­ tern Art in Fort Worth. will give a slide presen­ tation and lecture ut 8 p.m. Tuesday. 
Wilder’s program on 
“ Having Your Own Mu­ 

 s e u m ” will cover 
Remington, Russell and 
T exas co llecto rs. Both events a re open to the public at no charge. 
R eg in ald 
Rowe is chairm an of the faculty of the San Antonio Art In­ stitute, a position he has held since 1964. In 195o lie lived in Cuba near Ernest 
Hemingway, the writer. 
In 
195o H em in g w a y wrote: “ Reggie Rowe is our neighbor in Cuba. 
You could not ask for a nicer neighbor nor for a boy vvho p a in ts h o tter every year. It is pleasant to look out the door in the m orning when you are working and see Reggie 

 in an old straw hat and navv shorts solving his p ro b lem s of light and shade and the different grays and greens that we both love." 

CONFUSED 
““CARE 
2 2 6 -4 4 4 3 

On the local scene 

Call Now For A FREE IN-HOME ESTIMATE 
225-44o1 
IMMEDIATE INSTALLATION 

1oo% Financing Available 
With Approved Credit 

FAMILY 
AFFAIR 

Thu deep, high tow sculptured 
1oo% nylon carpet u being ottered now at great savings. 
Sn beautiful multicolors to choose from. 
RIG. 14.95 SO. YO. INST. 
IO 
95 
SO. YO. 
INST AILED 

SO YARDS OR MORE 

$ 9 9 5 
SO. YD. 
INSTALLED 

WE’VE GOT THE 
“ BLUES” 
We hove one of the gieotest assortments ever of blues blues blues and more blues! Beautiful carpets from level loop commercial, plush es, shogs to high tov loops and morel 
REG. 6.9S TO 18.9 SO. YD. 

NOW SALE PRICED 
$o95 

TROM 
W 
SO. YO. 

*1245 
TO 
■ Mm 
SO. YD. 

MIGHTY 
FLOOR 

INDOOR-OUTDOOR' 
BY WHITECREST 

A soil resistant, handsome level loop with 
"ANTI 
5TATIC 
Si* beautiful colors to choose from and NOW at a truly great savings! 

Reg. 9.49 
SO. YO 
INSTALLED 
N O W .. . 
SO. YD. INST. 
* 6 45 

SHAG 

SY ARMSTRONG 

Beautiful shag in 
1oo% nylon tweed with heavy duty pad. 
First come, first serv­ ed jon this carpet now at a very spec­ ial price) 

CARPET 
WITH PAD 
SPECIAL 

$ 4 9 5 

SO. YO. 
W HY BUY CARPET FROM US? 

With one of the largest carpet warehouses in South Texas we offer an outstanding variety of styles & colors to suit almost every taste. 

Our sue mokes possible Rock Bottom Prices because of high volume buying. 

Our installation jobs carry a one year guarantee warranty. 
Ask your neighbor —- we probably carpet­ ed his home, 
Coll for full, detailed information, 2 2 5 -4 4 o 1 
No Gimmicks, no hard sell, just plain honest facts. 
CARPET YOUR HOME NOW! 

46 SQ. YO. 
414 SQUARE FEET*297 
5o YO. 
45o SQ. FT.‘323 
6o SQ. YO. $ o o 7 
54o SQ.FT. J O # 

WE CAN T BF BEAT 

Lh tow art 
; DISCOUNT CARPET 
WAREHOUSE 
225-44o1 125 W. CEVALLOS 
Turn t n t tram t o l l on Sa. (.arada f i t 

Republicans slate coffee 

Vista R epublican Wo­ m en’s Club will hold a mem bership coffee at IO a.rn. 
M onday at the 
W indcrest Recreational 
Building. 
Col. (Ret.) Richard F. 
Fddleman, Bexar County 
Chairm uQ , will be the guest speaker. Mrs. An­ drew 
J. S m ith is in charge of arrangem ents. 
Alumnae set luncheon meet 

The Phi Mu Alumnae 
Chapter of San Antonio will observe F o u n d ers’ 
Day Saturday with a co­ vered dish luncheon at 
11:3o a m. in the home of 
Mrs. C. M Roos. 
To celebrate the soror­ ity ’s 
125th y e a r, a 
F o u n d ers’ Day Service w til be conducted. 
College sets workshop 

Phi Sigma Kappa will sponsor a High School 
Mathematics and 
Science Workshop in the 
Science Hall in Incarnate 
Word College from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday. 
A rea high school students are invited. A one dollar charge w ill be made. Sessions wilt be held in biology, chemistry, physics and math. 
L. A. Wedig of Robert 
E. Lee High School and 
San Antonio College will give a lecture-de- m in istratio n . 
Ile will prepare everyday house­ hold products from rea 
(lily available chemicals 

Bright Shan ! to show styles 

Fashion Favorites will be the them e of the fa shion show at noon 
Wednesday in Hie Bright 
Shawl Tearoom. 
I o h io n * from T o u t and ( ountrv w i l l 
Iii modeled bv Mines Ken net Ii Bentley, Guy Chip ie I lireslliun 
Huff, l a r r y it) 
Wi l l i a m! 

 man Jr.. 
J a m e s I 
O'Neill 
Jeffers 
Mrs K commentate 
Mrs Schreii rutin aud Mr* 
Mart tiller Jr w» 
I esses 

C. 
• CALL 736*1561 

TREND] 
HOUSE! 

PRE-INVENTORY 
Cleafaiice 

Famous m ake floor samples, discontinued items, odds-and-ends, decorator show­ pieces at G reat Savings! Come early w hile selections are at their best. 

HALF PRICE! Thayer Coggin chair and 
Ottoman. Plinth base. Reversible seat and back cushions. Wide-wale cor­ duroy fabric. 
Reg. 649.oo ........................... 
* 3 2 4 

SAVE $4o5! 8 8 ” Contemporary Sofa. 
High roll-arm style, skirted. Upholster­ ed in floral fabric in shades of rust. 

Reg. 799.oo ........................... 
* 3 9 4 

SAVE $45o1 7-Piece Italian Provincial 
Dining Room. 3 8 x 4 4 ” oval table - ex­ tends to 6 2 ” with leaf. 4 side, 2 arm chairs, antique yellow finish. 
Reg. 1149.oo ......................... 
* 6 9 9 

HALF PRICEI Weiman Sheraton Style 
Server. Four-piece diamond matched 
Prima Vera veneer top. Two drawers, one shelf. 35x18x36” . 
Reg, 419.oo 
......................... 
*2 o 9 

SAVE $16o! Contemporary Chair and 
Ottoman. Chrome frame. High back style, covered in narrow stripe brown velvet. 
Reg. 359.oo 
......................... 
* 1 9 9 

HALF 
PRICE! 
Century 
‘Continental 
Pine” China. Light, clear, pine finish. 
Wire mesh door grilles, glass shelves, interior light. 61x 1 8x 8 2 ” . 
Reg. 1149.oo ......................... 
* 5 7 5 
SAVE $4o1! 84-Inch Genuine Leather 
Sofa. Roll-arm, 3-cushion style with at­ tached pillow back, button tufted. Bit­ tersweet. 
Reg. I 2oo.oo ......................... 
* 7 9 9 

HALF 
PRICE! 
Century 
Occasional 
Chair. “ Barrel” style, on casters for easy mobility. 
T-cushion. 
N avy/ green/yellow print fabric. 
Reg. 3 1 9 .o o ........................... 
* 1 5 9 

HALF PRICE! 9o-Inch Hickory Tavern 
Sofa. 
Reversible seat and back cushions. Yellow/white floral print on brown background. 
Reg. 499.oo ........................... 
* 2 4 9 

SAVE $6351 Lane Contemporary Din­ ing Room. 36x42” oval table — ex­ tends to 7 8 ” with 2 leaves. Olive ash burl top, chrome base. 4 side, 2 arm chairs with cane backs. 
Reg. 1834.oo ........................ 
*1 1 9 9 

PARTIAL LISTINGS— M ANY, MANY MORE ITEMS REDUCED! 

Decorative Area Rugs 

Discontinued potter rn and floor sample* 
REDUCED 
6*9' (appro*.) and 8' round suet. A wide choree of pattern* and colors. 
2o to 4o% 

All Sale Items 
Subject to Prior Sale 

ORIN DAILY IO TO 6 
THURSDAY 'TIL 9 ibert will 

 r l i ar 
GU* iii in* ho* 

TREND 
HOUSE 

Utefod Mi Ufeafct Noah Shopping (tutor, fake Rf-IO North, out al Sunbath Road 

• Master Charge 

• BankAmencard 

• 9o-Day Charge 

+ ' w if 
4 ' 4 * #* 
*7 
*'’ '# 
*> 
*' ■> •* 
• •|r4~ A ar 
<a* ' 
*» 

A J » i jr i— M k 
•*n:WMteP**5 

FRANCINE A N D A N N IN TAILORED, SEPARATES 
...in peanut and flam e red from 4 Designer G roup’ 

MANNEQUIN MODELS, FASHIONS FROM SEARS; PHOTOS BY TARKY TARSIKES 
Peanuts color 

TRAFFIC-STOPPER SPORTSW EAR 
...Ann w ears w alking shorts, slicker 

By NANCY SCOTT JONES 
It ’s bound to happen when there’s a peanut farmer in the 
W hite House. 

And “ silo m iff,” it has! 
Tilt* fashion color for spring in the exclusive 
‘’(lath erin g 
D esigner 
Group” is peanut. 
But it's not tin* hard sh ell! variety. 
This peanut is refined — the shade ol freshly-toasted cashews. 
Clame red and accents of black and white are other colors in this group of learnable separates — blazers, tests, skirts, pants and dresses for day and evening. 
This week I was a one-woman au­ dience when Sears introduced the new edition of” (»athering D esigner” in private press showings in the St. 
Anthony Hotel. 
Presenting the show were Sears’ fa­ shion coordinator Peggy Vincent, exe­ cutive secretary Jackie Newman and 
Mannequin Models Ann and Krancine. 
’’Gathering 
Designer” is 
Sears’ group of couture-influenced coordin­ ates and accessories — jewelry, shoes, handbags, scarves and hats. 
Designed by a famous American fa­ shion house (not to be mentioned), the pieces in "Gathering Designer” are made to work together. 
It’s “ responsive wardrobing” for the versatile woman. See for yourself how the pieces can be tailored for a city appointment or casual for spectator sports. 
At top left. Fruita tie wears the fitted vest and slim-legged trousers in flame red. Her striped pongee shirt is the three color mix 
— red. peanut and white. She repeats the red and white pattern in a cotton scarf tied ill a wide band. 
\\ itll her is Ann in the peanut special 
— a man-tailored blazer and kick- pleated skirt in linen-like polyester. 
The black and white striped vest is a 

 fashion 

 sensational contrast to the soft-colored skirt and blazer. 
Prices for this high fashion are mo­ dest — Vest is $21; trousers are $23, and the striped shirt is $2H 
Ann's blazer is SJO and her skirt $21 
P in s trip e d vest is $19 and classic while shirt is $2o. 
‘‘Gathering Designer” also includes daytim e and evening dresses for 
Spring 77 
For day there’s the blouson dress in black and white or red and w hite pin­ stripes. The dress — trimmed with splashes of white at collar and cuffs and the self-tie drawstring belt — is a 
.perfect standby for unexpected ap­ pointments or luncheon dates. 
For evening there's a jersey tunic and skirt combo in flame red or jet. A matching turban adds that elegant touch of class. 
Fashions from ‘‘G ath erin g De­ signer” are in San Antonio Sea rs’ stores and will be available on a lim it­ ed basis in the catalog. 
The separates in this group are only part of Sears' spring fashion forecast. 
"G athering D esigner" represents the Fundamental part of a "Three F ” story put together by Sears’ fashion wizards. 
Fundamental means the classic good looks. 
But also newsworthy are the other two “ F s ” — functional and feminine. 
Included in the functional pieces are slickers, ponchos. Western boots, striped "T s ” and blouson jackets. 
Tennis shoes take on a new fashion dimension and so do crew socks rolled down to spotlight those slender ankles. 
The last " F ” is for long-lasting fe- minninity. Hats off to the French for making it important in all our spring design. 

Dillards is brightening your February with m Q T D for your home 

I i 
... at much less than our everyday prices! 

 save 1 6 % to 5 o % ! Croscill ultra-feminine bedroom ensembles for that very special atmosphere 

Create an ultra-feminine atmosphere right in your bedroom. Reflect your 

 terns with cascades of ruffles, clouds of delicate canopies, elegantly femi­ nine spreads for that personal touch . . . from you, Croscill and Dillard's. 

Twin size bedspread 
24.99 
Full size bedspread 
..... 34.99 

Pillow sham ............ 
8.99 
Twin size canopy 
........... 19.99 

Full size canopy ...... 
24.99 
36" tier .................. ............. 5.99 

45" curtains ........... 
9.99 
63" curtains .......... 
14.99 

84" curtains ............ .......... 16.99 
Swags .................... ............. 4.99 

Valances .................. ............ 2.99 
Limited quantities in some sizes only 

Sale through Feb. 21st. 

Extraordinary prices tor this folding chair and ottoman and matching rocker, designed by 
Taheshi NI. Of elegant simplicity, yet the greatest comfort, it has a chromed steel 1rame. lacquered wood arms, and a strong washable canvas sting seat that comes in white or brown. 
Limited quantities. Master Chergeor BankAmerIcard. 
Rocker, $55. 
Ny Chair & 
REGULARLY $75 
Ottoman,$79. 

6$47 Sen Pedro at the cornet of Jackson Keller tm Village Plaza) lei 341-2291 storehouse 
SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO 'TIL 9; CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, WINDSOR PARK 

S a i n t M a r y ’s H a l l 

94o1 Starcrest Drive 
San Antonio, Texas 78217 

ANNOUNCES ADMISSION TESTS 

Students interested in applying to Saint 

Mary’s Hall for admission in the fall of 

1977, are invited to take admission 

 tests on the school’s campus, Saturday, 
March 5, beginning at 9 a.m. and end­ 

 ing at 
12:oo noon. 
Testing, which 

 measures student aptitude and 

 academic progress, is open to boys and girls— grades 2 through 7, and to girls 

 only— grades 
8 through 
12. 
Some 

 financial aid is available. 
Advance 

 registration would be appreciated. 

Elementary School 
655-3ooo 

High School 
655-7721 

Saint M ary's Hall does not discriminate on the basis of race, color or creed. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 

Saturday February 19 1977 

FRENCH R O M A N T IC S IN WHITE EYELET 
...corslet com es out of the bedroom 

:Express-News Want Ads 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 : 

SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS —Saturday February 19 1977 
Volunteers aid hospital 

By LO IS H AASE 

Neighbors and friends ask Jean Peacock, “ Why do you want to spend all that time as a volunteer at the State Hospital? Can’t you find something more interesting and rewarding?” 
Her direct answer is, “ NO 
Jean 's situation is different than many of the volunteers, but their answer to the question would be the same. All ot these volunteers will be honored this 
Tuesday evening. 
.lean is using her three full days a week of volunteer work as an experience building time with the goal of becoming a staff member at San Antonio 
State Hospital 
She has a master’s degree in social work from Worden s 
School of Social Services at Our 
Lady of the Lake University 
W hile working on her mas­ ter’s degree, she spent two se­ m esters on a p racticuni at 
SASH getting practical exper-* 

JE A N PEACOCK o nce and on-the-spot know­ ledge. 
Jean is married and says her husband. Charles, is as enth­ used about her am bitions as slit' is. 
Slie volunteers in the Crock­ ett geriatrics ward Her duties 

 include intake interviews, dis­ charge summaries and she also assists in teen treatment plans. 
You'll also find her helping with individual and group ther­ apy sessions, nursing home and veteran hospital placements and other areas. This has been her first volunteer experience. 
"U ni so happy in my volun­ teer work because I have a great compassion for the pa­ tien ts.” she says. “ And of course my long range goal of working full time here is im ­ portant. 
“ I have some very touching. good memories from my work 
Sometimes a patient finds me the one person he can relate to. If I can help with even a small improvement, it’s very rewarding.” 
Bad publicity and exaggerat­ ed tales of state hospitals frighten some potential volun­ teers. Jean says that with to­ day’s rehabilitation programs and medical advances there is no need to fear helping these people. 
Volunteers are extrem ely important to the total program and more are always needed. 

On Tuesday, at B:3o p.m. the 
Volunteer Council will hold its annual V olunteers Aw ards 
Night at Pecan Valley Country 
Club. 
Dr. Don E. Flinn. assistant chief of psychiatry at the Ve­ terans Administration Hospital and professor of psychiatry at 
UT Medical School, will ad­ dress an expected .‘IOO guests. 
Dinner is open to the public. 
Reservations must be made at. 
SASH 
Mrs 
Laurence 
J. 
Mitier, council president, will be mas­ ter of ceremonies. 
Dr. 
Robert 
M. 
In g lis, superintendent of SASH, will present special awards to Glenn 
Dennis and the Rev. David 
Moore. 
George o. B eeck ler w ill award gold pins, bars and cer­ tificates to volunteers and con­ tributing civic organizations. 

Porfirio Esparza will recog­ nize bourd members and vo­ lunteers from the hospital s lh climes in outlying areas. 
Jean Peacock will be among those receiving a Rill hour pin and she ll wear it with pride. 

HEALTH NUTS CELEBRATE BUILDING 
NEW FITNESS CENTER, By OFFERING 

FIRST I OO TO ENROLL— 
SAVE *168“ 

LAST DAY 

The Health Nuts are celebrating the opening of their new million-dollar San Antonio fitness center. Don't miss this terrific opportunity to enroll on our lowest celebration prices ever, plus a chance at winning one of these great prizes— 

REGISTER TO WIN THESE PRIZES! 

Keep peace in family 

D ear Ann Landers: 
Please settle an arg u ­ ment. I come from a large fam ily — aunts. uncles, cousins, ne­ phews. etc. — all resid­ ing in the area. 
At least once a month we receive an invitation in the mail to a gradua­ tion, christening, birth­ day, or what-have-vou. 
My husband feels they are a waste of time and refuses to attend any id these affairs. W h at's more, he won t let me send a gift. Only ii a function is for H IS . immediate family " ill he agree to attend. 
All I want is to keep peace .in the family. We have already missed the last two gatherings and 
I'm beginning to feel a chill 
What do von sav? 
- Mullet hear M ull: 
W hat do you mean your husband doesn’t “ allow you” lo attend or send a gift? Are you tn chains, woman .’ 
(in to tin* affairs if you want to — and let him stay home. 
A tin of home-made cookies or a chocolate cake makes a welcome gift if you can't afford to buy something. 
< »ran<lmolher 

 hear Alin Landers: I'm a grandmother who 

Ann 

Landers 

 wants to know if you think I did right or wrong. 
We have two married sons and a married daughter. They all come to visit us about once a week. Tim e and tim e again their kids run ar­ ound our house like crazy. 
They (Mill out the bed­ room drawers, open and close the refrigerator, eat all over the house, turn on the color TV tn the sta- bons TUFA like, and put their soiled hands on mirrors and walls leav­ ing fingerprints (and worse) everywhere. 
While all this is going on their parents sit back and relax — ignoring 

JMKo& H K 
H 
H 
H 
• 3915 IAH PINO 
• CAU 736*1161 

 everything as if they were deaf, dumb and blind 
Grandma and Grandpa are at their wits' end 
The last time they were here, one of the kids turned on the TV after I warned him not to I got hold of him and gave him a w hack across the seat of his pants. 
Ile went running lo his mother screaming. 
“ Grandma heat me up!” 
They all left — mad — and haven’t been back to v Mf us in two months 
What we want to know is this 
Have YOU ever hit an.' ol your three grandchildren? — 
.lust 
\sking 
Dear Just: 
No, I ha­ ven't. On the rare occa­ sion when they needed a 

Zonta Club slates meet 

The annual 
Intercity 
M eeting o! the Zonta 
Club of San Antonio will lie held at 12:3o p m. 
Sunday in the Pereatix 
Room of the St Allthorn 
Hotel 
San Antonio Zontians w ill welcom e visitors from Zonta Clubs of Aus­ tin. 
Seguin. 
Corpus 
Christi and other neigh­ boring cities 
Dr. Jan e McReynolds is chairman. 
Al -J. Not/.on 111. execu­ tive director ol the Alamo 
Area Council of Govern­ ments, will speak 

Garden club 

 to hold meet 

Terrell Heights Garden 
Club will meet at 7 p.m. 
Thursday in the home of 
Mrs. Henry C. Jensvvold 
Mines K B. Jenks and 
Sue McFarland will dis- cuss flower arranging. 

L E A D S A D O U B L E L I F E 

As Lasting As History by “ G eorge'1 
Full “ Easy Chair” Size Arm Chairs with Continental height dining table 
5 pc. Reg. 332.5o fin black only) 

SALE s2 6 9 ° ° 
SPATE SUP 

1o47 N.E. LOOP 41o 
828-28o7 

PP■ 
UmB ukS c 

 swat, their mother got to them first. 
Dear Ann Landers: 
Can you stand another letter on how to put out a grease fire in a frying pan? I hope so, because information of this kind can’t be repeated often enough. 
A LW A YS keep a canis­ ter or a box of baking soda by the stove labeled 
“ F ire .” 
A generous sprinkling of baking soda will extinguish the fire immediatelv. lf baking soda is not available, keep a large pan lid nearby. If a fire breaks out. clap the lid over the pan and remove it from the stove at once. 
It is difficult to keep a clear head w hen a grease fire breaks out. Flumes can be frightening. Since 

 my experience with the grease and the baking soda, inst seeing that red canister close at hand is a calming influence. Sign 
Me — Ex-Girl Scout 
Dear Girl: Thanks for the lucid instructions. 
You rate another merit badge, honey 
GUS. My informants say the large lid. to sm other the flames, is better than any­ thing. ) 
Is alcoholism ruining your life ? 
Know the danger signals and what to do. Read the booklet, 
“ Alcoholism — Hope and 
Help." by Ann Lauders. 
Fndose 5(1 cents in coin with your request and a long, stamped, self-ad­ dressed envelope to Ann 
Landers, care of The Ex­ press, Box 2171 San An­ tonio. Tex. 78297. 

A 
1st PRIZE: 1977 DUNE BUGGY 
2nd PRIZE: COLOR T.V. 
3rd PRIZE: 2*1o SPEED 
BICYCLES 

That's right! International Spa's Fitness Center is having a pre opening celebration and you're invited to participate with no obligation, lf you’re 21 or over, just visit us at 8757 Wurzbach Road and take advantage of your chance to win any one of these great prizes — to be given away at our Grand Opening! 
PLUS-1ooo FREE 2-WEEK MEMBERSHIPS! 
PRELIMINARY DRAWINGS TO BE HELD EACH WEEKI 

Call or visit us today! 
INTERNATIONAL 
SPA FITNESS CENTERS 
THE HEALTH NUT? den 

8757 W URZBACH RD. 

THI' HEALTH NUTS 
FACILITIES FOR MEN A WOMEN 

699-3o3o 

Remember When "‘Comics” W'ere "Funnies” ? 
THEY STILL ARE! 
In the Sunday Express-News 

The Great 
Show-offs 

D isplay your treasures in one o f these exquisite lighted glass-shelf curio cabinets! 

IMMEDIATE DELIVERY 
FROM STOCK 

 r 
" J p g " * ' 
~ 

 mCmm r 

" y r 
V 

'xii, I 

Style, versatility, and utility are yours with a distinctive curio from 
Fisher s. Each provides an attractive setting for the display of prized possessions plus practical storage. From the hall, to the living room, to the bedrooms, 

 these pieces accent and add charm to any decor. Hurry in soon while the selection is complete. 
USE OUR 
REVOLVING 
CHARGE 

 st 

=1 

EXACTLY 
AS ILLUSTRATED 

Attractive corner curio with unique curved glass doors. 
24x16x72. Lighted interior, glass shelves, pecan finish. 
Reg. $38o... 
Save $61. . . 
$3 1 9 
. 

Two door lighted curio with adjustable glass shelves. 
25y?xl4x76. Glass in sides and doors, constructed with pecan solids. 
Reg. $49o... 
Save $71. . . 
$4 1 9 

Handsome four-door curio with glass in sides and doors. 
Constructed with pecan solids and olive ash burl. Adjustable glass shelves. 24x13x74. 
L'.“.» ” ° 
‘4 4 9 . 

Directoire curio cabinet by 
“ W eim an.” 27x14V2x7o. 
Three glass shelves, rich pecan finish, glass in sides and door. 
Reg. $62o... 
SC! I A 
Save $1o1.. . 
3 I Ye 

Open Doily 1o-6 Thurs. 1o-9 

(Closed Sunday) 

145o N. E. Loop 41o 

 f 
“‘it int i u d ive hom e fu rn ish in g s 

 o f sun antonio 
Phan* 824-o575 

SPO U TS 
S a t u r d a y 
Express-Dtews 

Saturday February 19 1977 
Ayala fig h t 

The Mike Ayala-Romero An fly a North American Boxing 
Federation super bantamweight title bout scheduled for 
Monday has been postponed until Thursday. 

Promoter Tony Padilla said the decision was necessary because Ayala was slowed in training by a virus. 
"Mike had a little fever so his doctor said to lay off for a couple of days,” said Padilla. "That set Mike back in his workouts.” 
Anaya, form er world bantamweight champ, has been in San Antonio for several days training. 
All tickets already sold for Monday will be good for the Thursday light at Municipal Auditorium. 
Most fighters on the card are scheduled to workout at I p.m. Sunday at 
San Fernando Gym. 

LOS 
ANGELES 
(A P ) 
- 
Lanny Wadkins, once one of the gam e’s brightest young players before becom ing mired in a two-ycar-slump, fought gusts winds for a two-under-par UM that staked him to a share of the second-round lead with Tom 
Further Friday in the $2(1o,(1oo 
Glen C am pbell-Los A ngeles 
Open Golf Tournament. 

 b lk 
M a s s e n g a le . m e a n w h ile , dropped out of tin1 lead for the first tim e in two w eeks and I S 
Open 

DAYTONA 
BEACH, 
Fla. 
(AP) — (’ale Yarborough kept control d esp ite a constant pounding by a brakeless A.J. 
Foyt and won the 1oo-mile finale of the International Race of 
Champions series Friday, but 
Foyt took the overall title for the second year in a row. 

Foyt hounded Yarborough for sever­ al laps up to the finish, ram m ing the nose of his Cantaro into the re a r of 

✓ R E S ! U S , /Vig, t i t 

Y a rb o ro u g h 's m a ch in e at over 17o miles per hour. 
On the last lap, Foyt tried to make a move going into the third turn, after giving Yarborough one last unsettling 
"love tap .” But Yarborough anticipat­ ed Foyt’s move perfectly and cut him off. They crossed the finish line with 
Yarborough a car length in front. 
Bobby Unser was another car length behind, followed closely by R ichard 
P e tty , J o h n n y R u th e rfo rd . D avid 
Pearson and Al Holbert. Buddy Baker did not finish. 

ROMERO ANAYA 
Y alue limited, 
Silas concedes 

 champion Jerry Pate dropped out of this tournament and all (Milers lot* an undetermined period of time. 
Pate, last y ea r’s rookie of the year and winner of the Phoenix Open that kicked off the IB77 season, developed severe prof .m s in his left wrist and withdrew after nine holes of play. A physician, who has worked with other tour players, examined him and told 
Pate he may face surgery 

Bn JEFF GROSSM AN 
O f THI EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 
Jam es Silas concedes he will not return to his all-pro form this season. 
But, says the Spurs’ captain, he can still make a contribution. 

“ I can help out in certain a re a s ,” said Silas, “ like if someone gets hurt. or if they get in foul trouble. I know I can’t play a whole gam e yet, though. 
"I just want to get the season over with.” 
Silas made a second comeback from knee surgery Feb. ti against the New 
York Mucks. Since then lit' has play ed and practiced sparingly. 
“ T he k nee is g r a d u a lly g e ttin g better,” said Silas. "When I play on it, though, it gets stiff for about a day. 
Resting m akes it better. 
“ I can do a lot of the things I nor­ mally do, but just not as effectively as I used to be able to do them. I might be a second slower. 
"T he only problem is. everyone else is at their peak, they are where they 

NMM MI I 

SILA S A C K N O W L E D G E S stan d in g o vatio n received from Spur fan s w hen he w a s introduced again st D en ver in Jan u ary in a g a m e w hich he scored 28 points in 28 m inutes of p la y 
S.A.’s first open net m eet slated 
Jets 
OK 
Shea 

NFM YORK (AP) - The New 
York Jets and the City of New 
York reached a tentative agree­ ment Friday that calls tor the 
National Football League team to play its 1o77 games at Shea 
Stadium, The Associated Press has learned. 

Mayor \hraham I). Beanie will announce the agreement al a news conference. 

By MARRY PAGF 
O f THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

The San Antonio Tennis Edu­ cation Foundation announced 
F riday it will sponsor the National 
M en's 
35 
Hard 
('curt championships June 13-19 at the 
McFarlin Center. 

The meet will be the first national open tournament ever held in the Ala­ mo City. 

"We want to show the country that 
San A ntonio has one of the finest centers in the country — the McFat lin 
C e n te r.” said Jo h n B ra u b a c h . the tournament director. "It ll be the first tune in many years a national tourna­ ment of this type will he held at a municipal court. Usually, the meets are held at country clubs.” 

The final, matches of the tournament will he te le v ise d o v er tin* P u b lic 

H-M bags cage win 

By JOHN HINES 
O f tnt E lP tt S S N EW S STAFF 
Only Hcaly-Murphy survived among five San Antonio teams on opening day in the TOIL State 
Basketball Tournament at Con 
\ctition Center Arena Friday, but it was a great day for de­ fending champions. 

Outside team s completed a 1-4 day for Alamo City entries in the Class 
AAA boys’ night doubleheader as Fort 

Sports on 
TV. radio 

W orth Nolan hit C e n tral C ath o lic, 
55-45, and d e fe n d in g s ta te c h a m p 
Houston St rake Jesuit clipped St. G er­ ard's, HH-5tv 

All four defending champs arc buck in the finals again — Strake Jesu it, 
Dallas Bishop Lynch in AAA g irls, 
Galveston O’Connell i i i AA boys and 
Enow St. John s in AA girls. 

Two title matches will he repeated 
Saturday, for last year Strake Jesuit beat Nolan. 54-51, and Bishop Lynch 

W h o I n T h o m l i n g e r a n d w h a ! I m 
Im* M aying a b o u t th o lla n o lln o H u m * ? 

 vs Had oat la tho Saadny 

TELEVISION 
Saturday 
11 a.m. (Ch. 4) — Ara Parseghian’s Sports World 
2 p.m. (Ch. 12) — Pro Bowlers lour: The King 
Louie Open tram Overland Park Kau. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 3) — CBS Invitational Tennis 
Championships horn Ocean City, Md 
3 p.m. (Ch 4) — College Basketball: Texas vs. 
Arkansas. 
3:3o p.in. (Ch. 12) — ABC’s Wide World of Sports: 
Daytona 125 Stork (ar Race; a look at the sport bodybuilding with coverage of the Mr. Universe 
(oiliest: Champions Invitational Track and Field 
Meet. 
1 p.m. (Ch. 5) — CBS Spurts Special*alar: National 
League All-Star Baseball Players meet American 
League Stars in a Sottball Exhibition. 
5 p.m. (Ch. 12) — (Hen Campbell Los Angeles 
Open. 
o p.m. (Ch. (I) — Wrestling. 
7:3o p.iii (Ch o) - The Way it Was: l%H UCLA- 
Houston Basketball Game 
o p.m. (C h. ti) — Box de Mexico. 

Sunday 
11:43 a.iii. (C h. ti) — Soccer. 
Noon (C Ii I) — Grandstand. 
Noon (( h. 12) —• The Superstars: l l qualifiers compete in the Men’s Finals in seven of IO events, including tennis, rowing, sw im m in g, howling, weightlifting, baseball hilting, 1oo-yard dash, half- mile run. obstacle course and hic veto race. 
12.3o p m 
(Ch 
I) - College Basketball: North 
( arolina vs. Virginia. 
12 3o p.i i i . (C h. 5) — Sunday with the Spurs. 
12:45 p.m. (( h 
5) — NBA Doubleheader: Las 
Angeles vs Washington: Boston vs. (•olden Stale. 
2 p.m. (( h 12) — Daytona 5oo Auto Race, 
2 p.m. ((Ii ti) — Knockout: Boxing Highlights. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch I) — Grandstand. 
3.3o p iii (( h. 12) - ABC’s Wide World ut Sports: 
The International Toboggan Championships from St. 
Moritz, Switzerland; ( hi ne se Acrobat* of Taiwan 
1:3o p.m. (Ch 12) — (ile* Campbell Los Angeles 
Open: Final Round. 

R APIO 
Saturday 
7:25 p.m. (WOAI. 12oo) — Texas lech vs. Baylor. 
7:25 p.m. (KWK!) I M. 1o5.3) — Texas Lutheran vs. st. T.dward s. 

Sunday 
12:15 p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — San Antonio Spurs vs. 
New Orleans Jazz. 

6624 SAN PtDRO 
(Nut to rim nut) 
824-7296 

MARBACH PLAZA 

(Military Of. W al M e r k e l 14 J 
67 4-7 523 
TERMS 

'77 GRAND PRIX U 
DEMO-EXTENDED WARRANTY 

 l«atk«f m»*fior», AM-FM 

STOCK NO 3 o o o ** A J I y 
9Q y H 

TUCSON, Ari/. — Stacy Bowman and Kerry Sterling of Trinity advanced to the third round of singles play in the University of nt Friday. 
A p a c h e s w in 

The Gonzales Apaches, with a mis­ erly defense, took a 68-39 victory over the Uvalde Coyotes Friday night to win the 13-AAA basketball title. 
Bobby Newton, of Gonzales, led all scorers in the game with 19 points, while Blake Underwood led the Coyotes with nine. 

G O N Z A LE S (64): 
BobDv Newton 21. B ry a n t 
Polk 12, E lro y Steen 12, Wilkerson 8, Munson 6, 
Greer! 3, Ph ilip s 2, Ja n o ta 2, G la ss, E n g lis h , 
Burrows, Am ic. 

U V A L D E 
39): 
Underw ood 9, A le ia n d ro 8, 
McLaughlin 6, M cE lro y 5. Neut/e 4, Zom arrita 4, 
Nance 3, Estarza. 

Halftime: 
Gonzales 3o, Uvalde 15, 

( B o r g i a ace in ju re d 

A rn UNS. (la. (A P) — Curtis .Ja c k ­ son. Georgia’s leading scorer this basketball season, will be lost for at least two games with a groin injury, a 
Bulldogs’ spokesman said Friday. 

IKod(ko 

SAN ANTO NIO (A P ) — Results of the Son Antonio 
Livestock Exposition and Rodeo 

Bareback bronc riding 
I. Brian Claypool 
Sos katoon. Susk . 75. 2 Ben Calhoun, Stephenville, Tex , 
/I (Only riders to qualify ) 

Calf roping -I. G ory Ledford, Com m anche, Okla., 
14.2. 2. Lee Cockrell, Panhandle, Tex., 16 

Steer wrestling -I Rex Bland, Culpa, Tex , 3,8 2. 
Pot Nogle, G rass Valley, Ore., 4.6. 3. Bill Busch, 
Council Bluffs, Iowa. 4.7 
4 

Saddle bronc— I 
John Forbes, K a yce e , O kla., 
Rick Carpenter, Jasp e r, Ala , and Bob C m l, San 
Angelo, Tex (tie) 71. 

B a rre l racing - I 
Jim m ie Gibbs, V a lle y M ills. 
Tex , 15.6 2 
K a v P r o c to r , O d e ssa , Tex, an d 
Elizabeth Hiidrutn, Atmore, Ala. (tie) 15 9. 

Bull riding 
I. W ayne Hall, Greenville, Tex 
77 2. 
Jim W atkins, Odessa, Tex., 75. 3. D enny F ly n n , 
Charleston, Ari*., 73. 

Arizona Team Tennis Tournamc 
Bowman defeated Kiln Whiteman of 
Pepperdine 6-4, ti-1 in second round play after drawing a bye. 
Sterling 4 beat Kathy Gomez of Cal 
State, L A . 6-1, 6-1 in the first round and Cheri Mixdorf of Arizona State 6-2, 
6-1 in second round action. 
Shelly Hudson of Trinity dropped her first round match to Cynthia Ursich of the University of San Diego 6-1, 6-3 and 
Ann Sehroeder of Trinity hist to Tina 
T«umas of Pepperdine 7-6. 6-2 in her first round match. 

H o r s e * H a r i n g 

O A K LA W N 
$15,ooo Feature ~ Ju n k Y ard Jack 

 f$7). Go TO The Bank. Roisil. I mile-7o vd. in 1:43. 

B O W IE : 
$7,5oo Golden Pavilion P u rse — Pat A 
M arine ($6.8o), Locklear, Bold Cerise. 

A Q U ED U C T : 
Feature — Treacle Tart ti9 2o) 
Sylvan s Girl, Quintas Vicki. Six furlongs In I IO 
35. 

G A R D E N S T A T E : 
Feature 
Si s Delightly 
($8.2o). Bobago G al, Wise Lori. Six turiogsin l l? 
(5. , 
S U F F O L K : 
Feature 
<*■> nadw oyatsvc am ore i i i ' 8o). Spanish Eagle. Aruban Boy Six furlongs tit 111 25 

G U L F S T R E A M 
Feature 
D ream ing of Moe 
!8 2o), T V 
Image. Wilderness B a y 
One mile in 
1:4o 

L O U ISIA N A 
Feature 
Dancing Sea ($13.8o), 
Rte s Blue Baby. Ole Black Six furlongs in I 15 2 

O A K LA W N 
Feature 
T im s C harro ($16 BO) 
Arabian Champ. Suicide Sam Six furlongs in 1 ll 

S U N LA N D P A R K 
Featu re 
P e re R eview 
*51o.4o), Coors Con, ^celebration. 6 furlongs in 
I 12 3 5 

SA N TA A N IT A : 
Feature 
Happy New Year 
♦$18 6o), Devtlagio, Louis L 61 2 furlongs in I i i 
? *> 

G O L D E N G A T E F IE L D : 
F e a tu re 
Latent 
Legacy ($17 8o). Fleet Courage. Lu te o a 
I mile in 
1:39 3 5. 

T r a n s a e * io n s 

M A JO R L E A G U E B A S E B A L L 

C A L IF O IA A N G E L S 
Signed pitcher Frorik 
Tanana to a five year contract 

P 
• 3915 SAN KNO c. 
• CAU 736.1581 

TLC tries 

SPIC IAI TO THI EXPRESS NEWS 

S E G U IN 
— 
Texas 
Lutheran, still reeling from its Thursday night setback against 
St. 
Mary's, will take on St. 
Edward's Saturday be­ ginning at 7:3o p.m. at the TLC Gym. 
The Bulldogs (2o-9. 7-2) can earn a spot in the 
NA LA playoffs if they down the ll i I Hoppers 
(7-14. 2-6). 
TRINITY’S VAL 
Johnson 
STEIN blocks view of Sui Ross’ M argaret 

PHOTO BY STEVE CAMPBELL 
“ 3 HAY TIRE SALE” 
“CASH AND CARRY” 
LITTLETON TIRE CENTERS 
“YOUR O N /OFF ROAD HEADQUARTERS” 
17o2 S.W. MIL. DR. 
6829 SAN PEDRO AVE. 
924-83o5 
341-2516_______ 
ON/OFF ROAD TRU-TRACS 
By 
A r m s t r o n g 
“Slightly Blemished” 4 and 6 Ply 
White Uttered - Black Wall • Both 
Tubeless and Tube-Type - 

Tiger cage team falls 

Curry Out Prices Start At 

O 7 

+ 4.6o 
F.E.T. 

‘Quantities Limited 
So Hurry— 
SIZE 11-15 6 Fly Tub*- type Black 

TUBES A V A IL A B L E W M M b A 
Mounting And Hi-Speed Balancing Available 

We Have A Full Inventory Of Armstrong “Rhino 
Tuff” Tires, Including Norsemans, Radials, 
Fiberglass Belted and 4 Ply Polyester. All Sizes 
Of Truck Tires Available Also. 

^ 
WHITE SPOKE WAGON WHEELS 

V f ? J Starting At 
$2 9 S’ vR 
, J x 
“ Check Our Full Line Of M a g W heels" 

Size 15*7 

12 MONTH TERMS 
LAYAWAYS ACCEPTED 

4 
$ 
9 ♦„ 
/ 
Sale Ends Saturday, February 19th, 1977 

T R IN IT Y ( S J I — 
Roff. M, 
H otfnbefg 
6 o 1 I?, Stidhom 3 
6 Fuctfc o oo o Total* 72 9 13 

T A R L E T O N ST A T E ($4) - 
OO o. Teresa Cat other $ v o I 18 
IO Totals 24 6 9 $4 

Total* Foul* 
Trinity Ie 
Tar 

Be e 7 3 4 17. 
o o 4. Bur aridge 

Debbie W at* in* 

SUL RO SS (34) - Shirley Gentry 7 3 6 1 / Suer 
o-o 4 Lune 2 o 3 4. Morgue/ 1 1 2 3 
Total* 14 6 I 
T R IN IT Y U t ) — PUU. Mr Bee 6 o o U . Jill Mater 
Stem S 17 ll, Kathy Stidham 5 OO IO. Bach m an 3 
6. Luna o 4 4 4. Brown ? OO 4. Borbrtdge 2 OO 4, 
W alter* OOO o.lobbed o o o o Total* J? 5 6 69 
Toto) Foal*: 
Sui Bo** IO, Trinity 17 

14 W ill 
HowOf 

 berg 6 o o I?. Vi 
OO 6 Smith 3 o rodriguez o OO 

TOKYO 
HOUSE 
MASSAGE 
THIS 
MONTH’S 
SPECIAL 
'A PRICE 

MASSAGE 

 f r c eV a u n a " 
WITH MASSAGE 
732.3361 
4211 HAWCO RD. 

By K EV IN O K E E F F E 

Of TH* EXPRESS NEWS STAM 
Tarleton State defeated Trinity Friday night in a nail-biting, sit-on-the-edge- of-your-chair. don’t-go-out-i'or-a-eoke-yet women’s basketball game. 54-53, at the 
TI A A Tournament in Sams (enter Gym. 

Debbie Watkins sank one free throw with one second left to give the TexAnns the victory. 
The triumph for Tarleton puts the TexAnns in the tup spot in the two-day, double-elimination tourney. 
They whipped McMurry. 61-43, i i i Friday's open­ ing-round game. 
Trinity, with the defeat, will play Sui Ross at 9 a.m. Saturday. The winner will play Tarleton at noon for the championship. Trinity knocked off Sui 
Ross in an afternoon match Friday. 69-34. Sui Ross upset McMurry in overtime, 6o-56, to advance 
“ They (the TexAnns) are one-point better than we are tonight." Trinity Coach Libby .Johnson said after her club's narrow loss. “ It just means we have lo beat them two more times." 
Trinity grabbed an early lead against the pre­ tournament favorite. The Tigers jumped ahead 12-5 in the first 12:24 of the game. They did that despite some poor shooting and poor passing. 
Tarleton, which was led in scoring by Teresa 
Caruthers' IK points, pulled even, but a late bucket by Kathy Stidham put the Tigers ahead by two, 
25-23, at the intermission. 
“ We were trying to hit well from the outside," 
Johnson explained. "We wanted to hit well to try to bring their zone out. Then, we wanted to go inside. 
"They played a collapsing man-to-man and we had to adjust.” 
But Trimly fell victim to its own turno vers. 13 iii the second half and 26 for the game. 
The TexAnns, thanks largely to long-range shots from Caruthers, Watkins, who had 14 points, and 
Debbie Howard, who had IU points, outscored Trini­ ty, 9-o, in a four-minute stretch of the second period to take a 4o-33 advantage. 
But the Tigers, who played part of the second half without an ill Jill Harenberg, got 12 second-half points from Patti McBee to close the gap. 
McBee wound up with 17 and Harenberg, recovering from a fractured thumb and the flu. had 
12. Iii fact, two free throws by McBee knotted the game, 53-53, with ll seconds remaining. 

Bad times com e to Duane Thomas 

Unless he’s written a check in the last few days Duane Thomas has exactly $4.66 in the bank. That was made known in a Dallas bankruptcy court the other d a y . 
He also has interest in two vacant lots and his wife owns a small publishing company that doesn’t have any printing equipment. 
The biggie owned by Duane and his wife is the $2,ooo in equity in their Dallas home at 62o9 Lazy River. The home is valued at $2o,ooo, comfortable enough but rather humble diggings for a Super Bowl superstar of just six years ago. 

Several weeks ago Duane declared himself—and his wife—bankrupt and the other day his creditors were scheduled to assemble in court to squabble over the meager remains. 
None showed. All realized that there wasn't enough there to justify a two bit bus ride across town. 

Six years ago. when Thomas was 

 busy snubbing all of us reporters who gathered in New Orleans for Super 
Bowl VI, nobody could have convinced me that just a few years later I might feel strong sympathy for any financial stress that Duane might endure. 

How well I recall crowding into that sweltering room that was filled with hollers and happiness after the Cow­ boys strapped it on Miami 24-3. Tele­ vision lights blinded most areas and everyone who wasn’t poking a radio or tape recorder mike at some Dallas player was elbowing in other direc­ tions with pencils and pads. 
A mob of about 5o newsmen bud 
Duane backed into a corner and they were rewarded with nothing, absolute­ ly nothing. For the better part of five minutes I stood on the edge of that circle, waiting to hear a word—any word—from the lips of Dallas’ star running back. Then, suddenly, it struck me that I was just one of many reporters making bigger fools of our­ selves than Duane could possibly make of himself. 

After all, be d done his job. His work 

 for the afternoon was completed. Our chores of reporting still faced us and there we stood, crowding toward the one guy who had nothing to tell us. I moved over and interview ed Bob 
Hayes and then rushed hack to the pressbox and my typ ew riter. My thoughts, however, stayed with Tho­ mas. What a horse's tail he was. 

But now let's go back and look at the situation from the beginning, trying to keep un open mind. 

The bonus 

The key to the whole, sad situation seems to be the $25,ooo Thomas was given for first signing with the Cow­ boys. 

In case you've forgotten, or never did 

 know. Duane was the Cow boys* 

 number one draft pick in 197o. Ile probably could have been their 

 number three or lour pick just as ea­ sily because it s doubtful that anyone else held him in such high esteem. In short, he was a surprise pick, almost as big a surprise as Yale's Calvin Hill had been the previous year. 

The youngster from West Texas 
State signed a three-year contract with tile Cowboys that called for $18,ooo the first season. There were all sorts of 
"achievement" bonuses included and if he got them all—which he did—lie could wind up with an additional 
$1o,ooo for the first season 

Then. there was the matter of the 25 

 thou for signing. The lowboys ottered lo give it all to him in a lump sum or spread it onto his salary over a three- year period. Duane look the early lump. That, to my way ot thinking, was the major problem, the beginning ol 
Thomas' downfall. 5 ou see. when you count that initial stroke, the $25,ooo for signing, then add iii the achievement bonuses and then toss in the Super 
Bowl money, Thomas wound up mak­ ing about $8o,ooo tor his first season ol pro football. 

His trouble with the Cowboys i i i 

 particular and the world at large be­ gan the following July. 
Duane had used the "off-season" months to put some figures on paper and he decided that even though his second year contract called for $2o,oo(1. plus additional goodies, he had to wind up making less money. For one thing. he couldn't make rookie of the year and that title in his first season earned him about $2,ooo extra from the Cow­ boy s. 

Then there was the matter of that 

$25,ooo for signing. He wouldn't be getting that again. It was all gone. 
Since the Cowboys might not return lo the Super Bowl he also might not be getting the slice of that pie he received in his first year. The way Duane looked at it. after a great start he was going to make about $16,ooo less tor his second season. Ile asked to renegotiate his contract. 

Well. you remember the rest. He seemed to go pure bananas and never could get buck in the right groove. It wasn’t until this time last year that he snapped back and decided to rejoin the human race. But alas. he was a hair step slower, a fraction off in quickness, perhaps a year too late. 

He ll try again 

It s difficult to get huck i i i stride alter marching to your own drummer for years. But Duane tried. After more than four years of fussing with airline pilots, cursing coaches, fussing with ins teammates and snubbing even the reporters who wanted to help. Thomas became a willing worker and cooper­ ated with all. 

It was close, right down to the wire. 

 hut at the last moment he was cut by the Cowboys. So now he's busted and in the middle of bankruptcy hearings. lie s Kl miles or more from crowd s roar, stuck with one-sixth of two va­ cant lots and a printing company with no.printing equipment. 

No. he didn’t talk with reporters at his bankruptcy hearing. Not because lie w as snubbing them that time. He was just too embarrassed. 
Duane Thomas still runs each morning at SM I "s old Owuby stadium. 
'This coming season lie's going to try once more, try to get all the old juices flowing in the right direction and then hook on w ith some NFL team, any NFL team. I hope he makes it. 
Open net meet heads to S.A. 

A & l hau l 

W ttlA l IO IHE ExMUSS N I w$ 

KIN G SVILLE - Texas 
A&l signed six players, including 
G raylin 
Lyle besoil of Churchill, to pre-enrollment agree­ ments. 
Eyteheson was an all* city offensive lineman for the Chargers. 
Also signing were punter aud kicker Gary 
Aguayo aud linebacker 
Joe Burelield, both of 
Victoria St roman, defen­ sive end Michael Silvas of Corpus Christi Ray, linebacker Rafael Lugo of Charlotte, and guard* tackle Walter Owens of 
Texas City. 

( ontinucd horn Page ID 

Broadcasting System (PB S ) across the nation John McFarlin, who the center 
I-* named after, gave SA TER the ne­ cessary funds for the broadcast 
The $1(1,6o6 event is expected to at­ tract such notables as Marty Rlessen, 
Frank F’roehling, Adrian Bey. Bob 
Hewitt. Fred Stollc, Gene Scott, Butch 
Bucholz, Ian Tiriac, Run Holmbcrg, 
Burry Phillips-Moore, Mondo San­ tana and Clark Gruebner. Former 
Trinity star and 19H3 Wimbledon thump, Chuck McKinley, is also ex* fjected to compete. 
"W e are expecting a lot more players to come because of the prize money," Bruubach noted. "The cur­ rent Men's 35 Indoor in Oklahoma City is offering $5,666 in prize money. We're offering $5,666 more. 
"Hopefully, we ll offer box seats ut 
$175 to 1256, a week-long ticket for a pretty good seat al $36. aud other tick­ ets at $26, $15, and $2.5o. Children's ticket will Im* $1 each -r this is all ten­ tative, If anyone is interested iii get­ ting a ticket early, they should cull 
Mike Settles at 735-3o69 " 

Plans for temporary box seats aru bleachers around the center court ai 
McFarlin are already in motion will the assistance of the City Parks ant 
Recreation Dept. 
"Jo e Gandolfo, the IS T A (Uniter 
Slates Tennis Association) representu live for the Men's 35 event, felt that tin 
Mill Valley Country club, which ha1 been holding the event, near Sal 
Francisco, wasn’t doing an udequab job with the tourney a couple of year ago," Braubuch said. "Jo h n New combe had heard that San Antonio wa being considered, so we begun biddini fur the event 
We tried lo get tlv tournament last. year but we bad ti settle for this season. It's not that eus; trying to buck the California lentil clique — it s as lough us the Easter 
Cliques. 
"Anyone cut) participate in tin tournament aud we feel that it ll ai tract some of our local talent. It’ really a compliment lo San Antoni that we will be holding such a nation* tournament that anyone can see " 
Entry fee will Im* $36 for singles an 
12o each for doubles. First-place sii gles is worth $2,566. 

PogeH 2-D 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S —Saturday February 19 1977 

SPECIAl TO THE EXPRESS NEW S 

Trinity netters bag victories 
D a n C o o k 

Outdoors 

 w i t h l l a n K i o p p r r 

State offered part of island 

State Sen. A. R. Schwartz of 
Galveston says the General Ser­ vices Administration has of­ fered to split federally owned lands on Matagorda Island between Texas and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. 

Schwartz, who is the chairman of the 
Matagorda Island study committee, released a copy of a letter from Karl 
Merrill, regional administrator of OSA to Gov. Dolph Briscoe which says the 
Fish and Wildlife Service will receive 
15.716 acres toward the south end of the island, while the state will receive 
12.276 acres on the north end. 
The state portion includes the former air base and the various im­ provements, plus the Port O'Connor dock facility. The letter said the agency would be in touch with the stale later concerning the need for joint use of portions of the property at Port 
O'Connor and for ingress and egress roads. 

State Land Commissioner Bob Arm ­ strong said the acreage divided con­ sists of the “ high ground’’ of the is­ land, including the gulf beach and in­ terior tracts. It does not involve the 
16,37o acres of state-owned school 
Inlands on the bay side of the long, nar­ row. barrier island. 

The school lands, which include the bay marshes, are what the Fish and 
Wildlife Service want to control for the benefit of the whooping crane. 
Whoopers have utilized Hie marshes of Matagorda and St. Joseph's Islands as wintering grounds for decades, and several of the big birds have been us­ ing marshes other than those on the 
Aransas National W ildlife Refuge again this year. 
There is a possiliilits the state will lease a portion of the marshes to the service, but before any lease agree­ ment is reached, state officials should carefully examine — and make public 
— any restrictions the son ice wants to place on continued public use of and access to state-owned lands. 
Conference on screwworms 

Governor Briscoe will be the keynote speaker Thursday during a dav-long conference called “ Mission ‘77: Stamp 
Out Screwworms." 
The flesh-eating worms, which prey heavily on domestic livestock and wildlife animals, deer in particular, are in an uncomfortable situation at the moment, and conference planners hope to build up enough steam lo push the screwworm in the U.S. into obli­ vion.ink 
The screwworm had its back to the wall a few years ago. then fought back 

 to become as big a problem as ever in 
1976. But the cold fall and winter have helped. Tin* number of screwworm flies overwintering in this state should have been reduced drastically by the hard freezes. 

A new screwworm plant in Tuxtla 

Gutierrez, Mexico, was opened last 
July, and the production of sterile flies from this facility, coupled with the cold winter, hopefully w ill give re­ searchers the upper hand again. 

Tuxtla Gutierrez is located in Chia­ pas. not far from the Guatemala border on the narrow isthmus of the 
Mexican republic, which should make it much easier to eradicate flies to the north. 
Speakers at the conference will in­ clude Dr. Frank Mulhern, U.S. De­ partment of Agriculture; Dr. Ruben 
Fernandez Villalobos. Mexican Na­ tional Institute of Insemination; Dr. M. 
F. Meadows, Southwest Screwworm 
Eradication Program; Dr. ll. Q. Sib­ ley. Texas Animal Health Commission; 
Dr. Dan Pfannstiel, Texas Agricultural 
Extension Service; and 'I'. A. Kincaid, 
Southwest Animal Research Founda­ tion. 
The conference will begin at 9:3o a.rn. Thursday in Austin M unicipal 
Auditorium. 
Seminar starts Tuesday 

The Parks and W ildlife Depart­ ment’s special fishing seminar — an effort to increase sales of licenses — will get under way at 7:3o p.m. Tues­ day at Holmes High School. Loop 41(1 and Ingram Road. 
The free seminar will run two nights and will feature biologists and local anglers as speakers. The first two-hour segment will concentrate on where to fish in this area and the facilities on three lakes. Canyon. Calaveras and 
Braunig. 
Two films, “ Guadalupe Rainbows" and “ Fish for the Future.’’ will be shown the opening night. 

Wednesday night the audience will 

 have a choice of panel discussions to attend. Biologists, game wardens and local anglers w ill staff panels on saltwater fishing, stream fishing, lake fishing and improvements in fishing. 

The department’s seminar in Fort 
Worth drew a crowd of approximately 
RHI fishermen. 
★ ★ ★ 
Tile Antonian High School wild game dinner will be held at 7 p.m. Feb. 26 in the Antonian gym. The stag dinner is sponsored each year by the Antonian 
Men s ( lull. 
Tickets are SHI and may be pur­ chased by contacting Buddy Kondoff at 
344-1882 or 342-7616. 

EA ST ER N C O N FER K 

Atlantic Division 
W L 
Philadelphia 
34 21 
Boston 
28 28 
New York Kiucks 
25 3o 
Buffalo 
2o 35 
New York Nets 
17 39 

Central Division 

Washington 
Houston 
Cleveland 
Nan Antonio 
New Orleans 
Atlanta 

32 23 
31 23 
29 25 
3o 
24 
23 

2b 
31 
35 

W EST ER N CON F E RL 

Midwest Division 

Denver 
33 19 
Detroit 
34 24 
Kansas City 
29 
Indiana 
26 
Chicago 
24 
Milwaukee 
2o 

29 
31 
34 
42 

Pacific Division 

Los Angeles 
Portland 
Golden State 

35 2o 
36 23 
32 25 

NCL 

Pct. 
.618 
.5oo 
.455 
.364 
.3o4 

582 
574 
.537 
.536 
.436 
.397 
NUE 

.648 
.586 
.5oo 
.456 
.414 
.323 

.636 
.61o 
.561 

Seattle 
Phoenix 
3o 28 
.517 
26 29 
.47(1 

GR 

7*2 
9 
14 
17t, 

 i.# 
•51 

V t 
8 
IOU 

3 
8 nil, 
13 
19 

NOW I 

IVW 

COMPUTE CESSNA 
PRIVATE PILOT TRAINING 
INCLUDING; 

• IS NOMS Of HIGHT HI A 1977 CESSNA ISO 
• TO H(Hm Of DUA! »UGH I HAINING WITH TOU* INSTIUCToI 
• CISSNA INO MAUD HIGHT TRAINING SYSTEM 
• ftOnU. HANNU COMPOTOR 
• LOG WOR 
• TRAINING SrilAftA 
• I*;; CISSNA ISO COMMUHR PHOT OPIATING mandiooi 
• CISSNA MANU Ai Of HIGHT 
• CESSNA NHYATE MLOT WoRIIoGI 
• CESSMA PRIVATE MUM HAINING RICORD KHOU 
• IS HOURS Of GROUND TRAINING 
• COMPUTE CESSNA AUDIO VIDUAl UMAIY USAGE 

A gis r o a r 

Silas 

Continued from Page ID 

 want to be. For me. ifs like starting a new season.’’ 

Silas has talked to a lot of players who have had similar operations, in­ cluding 
Detroit's 
Bob 
Lanier. 
Cleveland’s Austin Carr. Portland’s 
Herm Gilliam and Los Angeles Lakers coach Jerry West. 

"They’ve been surprised to see me back and moving as well as I am so soon.” said Silas. “ They’ve all said it's 
, going to take time, and not to push it. 

“ That's why I ve only been playing in spots. I don’t want to hurt it again.” 

But sitting and watching instead of playing and starring has been difficult for Silas. This was his season to show. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Saturday February 19 19 7 7 H * Page 

(ii, 
9 

L riday's Games 

Seattle 93. New York Nets 88 
Phoenix 1o2. Philadelphia 96 
Portland 9o. Chicago 87 
Detroit 1o7. Washington 97 
Milwaukee 124. New York Kuieks 123 
Golden Stall* 116. Indiana 111 
Atlanta 111. Lon Angeles KH 

Saturday’s Games 

Scat I Ii* at Buffalo 
New York Nets at New York Knieks 
Phoenix at < leveland 
Detroit at Washington 
Houston at Kansas City 
Portland at Denver 

Sunday's Games 
New York Kuieks at New York Nets 
Cleveland at Philadelphia 
Los Angeles at Washington 
New Orleans at San Antonio 
Phoenix at Detroit 
Atlanta at Denver 
Boston at Golden State 
Seattle at Indiana 

Port Hob ti 

COMPLETE 
PACKAGE *895 

Pod I* 
LO IO 74 a rn 
Hi 
5 26 o »n. 
LO 'o 44 u rn 
Hi 
6 44 p m 

SILAS IN ACTION during recent Spur game 

 the NBA what he could do. 
After Thursday’s Rockets game. 
Houston coach Tom Nissalke said Silas looked "like a shadow of his former 

 self. The Spurs will be much better off 
At least I when he gets better.” again. W hat 
“ Well. probably next year I can 
“ I'm inst show thorn what I can do.” said Silas mg worse ” 

P H O T O BV H M D E A N . JR 

 to play 

 someth- 

 know 1 11 bo abb it I couldn't? thankful it wasn’t 

(A P ) - Texas A&.M 
Mike Hurdle hit two home runs i i i a single inning Friday as his team swept a college baseball doubleheader from Louisiana State. 
15-o and 2-1 
It was the season opener for LSC. Texas 
AAM is 3-1. The teams play another double­ header Saturday. 

T i d e s , tim e s 

TIONG 
P art A rflitM t 
Neb i* 
Neb 7o 
LoV 48 a rn. 
Lo IO 24 a rn 
Hi 
T :ll| .m . 
Hi J: IO a m 
Lo IO OO p m 
L# IO 4? p m 
Hi 
4 44 p rn. 
Hi 4 2S p.m. 

 fa b TO 
L 18 59 a m 
Hi 
6 IO a m 
Lo ll 29 p m 
Hi 
* 5V p m 

METRIC AIRMOTIVE INC. 
ROOSEVELT AND 99TH AVE. 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 7o214 
5 1 2 - 9 2 2 - 2 7 4 7 • 9 2 4 - 7 3 7 5 

SUNRISK SUNSKT fa b I* 
Fab TO 
Kike I TO u rn 
Hisn r o v u m . 
Set 6; 2« p rn. 
Sat 6 77 p m 

M OO NR ISE M O O NSET 
Fab I* 
Feb IO 
Rise 7.52 a m 
Rise ti 78 a rn. 
Sat 8. IO p m 
Set 7:o5pm 

MOON PHASES 
New moon M ar. lf 
First fluor tar : Fab 2o 
Full moon M ar 5 
Lott quarter: M or t? 

Blazers win 
CHICAGO 
(A P ) 
- 
Maurice Lucas scored 23 points and Herm Gilliam connected on a layup in the final two minutes after a key steal to lift the 
Portland Trail Blazers to a 9o-87 National Basket­ ball Association victory over the Chicago Bulls 
Friday night. 
P O R T L A N D (VO): Gross 3 4 6 
IO, Lucas IO 3-6 23, Jones 6 4 5 16, 
Hollins 2 12 5, Tw ardzik o 6 6 6, 
G illia m 4 O O 8, Steele 5 2-3 12, 
Calhoun o O O o, D avis 4 2-2 IO, 
Mayes o o o o. Totals 34 22 3o VO. 
CHICAG O (87): Johnson 4 12 9, 
M ay 3 6-7 12, G ilm ore 3 o o 6, Hoi land 3 6 8 12, Mengclt 4 O O 8, Hicks 
2 2 2 6, Van Lier o 1 2 1 , Boerwin- kle 9 l l IV, M arin 6 2-2 14, Pen dexter o o o o Totals 34 19 24 87. 
Portland 
2o 2? 22 19—9o 
Chicago 
17 24 25 21—87 
F o u le d o u t - N o n e . 
T o ta l touts—P o rtlan d 25, Chicago 72. 
Technical—Van Lier. A -- 9,214. 
\\ ar riot* roll 
INDIANAPOLIS (A P ) 
— Gulden State’s Jamaul 
Wilkes scored 32 points and the Warriors, sur­ viving a furious second- half Indiana rally, beat the Pacers 116-111 in the 
National Basketball As­ sociation Friday night. 
Clifford R a y ’s tliree- pnint play with four min­ utes remaining put the 
Warriors ahead to stay. 
1o5-1o2. Golden Stale wi­ dened the lead tn seven points i i i the closing se­ conds on two free throws by Sunny Parker, giving him a career-high 17 points. 

G O LD EN STATE ( l l * ) : Wilkes 
12 8 IO 32. Davis 2 12 5, Ray 5 4 5 
14, W illiam s 3 12 7. Smith 4 1 4 9 , 
Pa rk er I 3-5 17, P arish 8 2-2 18, 
Johnson I 1-2 3, D ickey t O O 2, 
Dudley 2 5 8 V Totals 45 26 4o 116 
IN D IA N A (111): Hillm an 12 4 4. 
Jones 2 1-2 5, Houndfieid 7 IO 14 
24, Knight ll 12 13 34, Buse 3 2 2 8, 
Williamson 8 2-3 18, Robisch 4 2 2 
IO, Green 3 o o 6, Bennett I O O 2, 
Totals 4o 31 4o 111 
Golden State 
31 l l 24 29— 116 
Indiana 
22 28 13 28— 111 
Fou led o u t— Jones, R a y, Pa rish. Hillm an, Total fouls—Golden 
S ta te 
26, 
In d ia n a 
25. 
Technical—Ray. A — 12,714. 
Burks roar 

M ILW A U K EE (A P) - 
The Milwaukee Bucks, 2(1 points down at halftime, rallied liehind 32 points by Bub Dandridge, 26 by 
Swen Nater and 23 by 
Brian W inters for a 
124-123 
National 
Basketball Association victory over the New 
York 
Knieks 
Friday night. 
NEW YORK (123). McMHIen 3 
4 4 IO, M c M illa n 5 O O IO, McAdoo 
15 12 15 42. Lovton 2 4 4 8, Monroe 
IO 7 8 27, Bradley 2 O O 4, Shelton I 
O O 2, Frazier 8 o-2 16, Burden o 1-7 
1. Jackson o 12 1. M em inger I O O 
2, Beard oo o o Totals 47 29 37 123. 
M IL W A U K E E 
( 1 2 4 ) : 
D a n aridge 12 8 IO 32, M eyers I 3 4 5, 
Noter 9 8 11 26, Buckner 4 12 9, 
Winters 9 5-5 2). Bridgem an 6 5-6 
17, G arrett o 4 5 4, Reston! 1 o o 7, 
Walton 3 O O 6 Totals 45 34 43 124 
New York 
37 35 29 22— 122 
M ilwaukee 
26 26 4o 32— 124 
F o u le d out — J a c k s o n , D a n ­ dridge Total tools—New York 32, 
M ilw a u k e e 
76 
T ec h n ic als—Shelton 2, N o ter 7 
(both elected) A -IO .o u t 
Pistons hoi 

DETROIT (A P) - Bob 
Lanier tossed in 13 of bis 
35 points i i i the third quarter to lead the De­ troit Pistons to a 1o7-97 victory over the W a­ shington Bullets in the 
National 
Basketball 
Association Friday night. 
Lanier also liad la re­ bounds while the Pistons blocked 14 shots for a team record. 

W A S H IN G TO N (9 7 ): H ayes 8 
2 3 ll. G revev 2 2 3 6. Unseld 4 o 2 
8. W right 4 o o 8. Chenier 3 o o 6. 
Henderson 5 2 3 12, Weiss 1 o o 2, 
G ro v 3 o o 6, Kupchak 7 3 7 17, 
Poce o o o o, Riordan I 7 2 4. Bing 
4 7 7 IO Totals 47 13 27 97 
D E T R O IT (IO T); H Porter IO 
o o TO, Corr 7 o 1 14, to n ie r 15 5 5 
15, Ford 4 OO I. K Porter 7 3 4 17. 
Barnes o o o o, Douglas 7 O O 4. 
Simoson 3 17 7, M oney 1 o o 2. 
Toiols 49 9 12 1o7 
Wasbinaton 
2o 24 l l 35—97 
Detroit 
23 25 12 27-1o7 
F o u le d o u t- N o n e 
T o ta l tout* - Washington t i. D etroit 73. 
T e c h n ic a l— W ash in g to n C oach 
Motto, 7 A —o,3o9. 
Sun* I m i i i i 

PH ILA D ELPH IA (A P) 
— Paul Westphal scored 
22 points and Alvan 
Adams added 19 as tin* 
Phoenix Suns built a 
14-point lead aud then held off a late Philadel­ phia rally to beat the 
76ers 1o2-96 Friday night in a National Basketball 
Association game 
The Suns led 94-8o with' 
5 17 left i i i the final per­ ish but the 7tiers scored tile next eight (Hunts to trim the lead to six with 
3:14 on the clock. 

P H O E N IX 
( I O U 
I 
Vo n 
A rso ite 2 7 2 6 T errell 3 5 6 ll. 
Adam * 7 5-5 19, Lee 3 7 7 8 West oho! IO 2 2 TI D Van Ai setal# 3 o o 
6, £ rlesson 2 o 7 4, Aw trev 4 o o o. 
Sobers 9 OO IO Schiuerer, G O O o 
Tonus 43 ie 19 1o2 
P H IL A D E L P H IA (96): Erving 
It 7 1 29, M cG m ni* 7 4 8 IO, Jones 
1o o 2. Free 8 3-5 19, Bibby 7 5 6 9, 
D a w k in s 4 1 1 9 , M ix I 3 3 5, 
B rya n t o l l I. B a rn e tt 2 O O 4 
Tufa's 36 24 34 96 
Phoenu l l 21 28 21-192 
Philadelphia 
22 21 15 2 8 -9 6 
F o u le d o u t — E r v i n g 
To t a l fouls—P h o en u 79, P h ilad elp h ia 
29 A -14,66o 

Brawl 
UNIONDALE, N Y. (A P) — Fred Brown and Slick 
Watts paced Seattle to a 22-point lead late in the third quarter and the Supersonics held on for a fight-marred 93-88 National Basketball Association victory over the New York Nets Friday night. 
Watts topped the Sonics with 19 points and Brown added 17. Al Skinner had 19 for the Nets. 
New York’s Mel Davis and Seattle’s Dean 'Polson were ejected following a bench-clearing brawl with ll) minutes left. The scrap began under the Seattle basket with Davis throwing roundhouse punches that knocked 'Polson to the floor and cut ex-Net Boh 
Love alongside the left eye. 

S E A T T L E (93): WeathersDoon 5 o 4 IO Seals 4 5 7 t i Burleson 3 6 7 
12, Watts 7 5 8 19, Br own I 3 3 17, Norwood 2 O I 4, Love 1 o o 7, Green o 
o o o, Wilkerson 5 O O IO. Johnson o 2 2 2, Tolson 1 2 4 4, O leynick o o o o, 
Totals 35 23 36 93. 
N E W Y O R K (88): Van Bre d a Koltt 3 7 2 8. Bantam 5 3 6 13 Hughes I 
o o 2. Wohl I o o 7, Skinner 6 7 9 19, D avis 6 2 2 14, H aw kins 6 ll 18 23, 
Fox I 12 3. T erry 2 o o 4 Totals JI 76 39 88 
Seattle 
24 21 28 2o—93 
New York 
16 22 18 32—88 
Fouled out 
Brown, Hughes Total fouls 
Seattle 3o, New York 3o. 
Technicals - N«w York Coach Loughery. A 
6,775 

 i 

J l l l U 
. 
IMN 
A . 
BOXING THURS., 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
8 : 3° 

NORTH AMERICAN CHAM PIO NSHIP FIGHT 

1 
2 ROUNDS SUPER BAMTAM WT. — I 27 LBS. 

NORTH AMERICAN CHAMPION — UNDEFEATED 
MIKE “ CICLON” AYALA 
— VS — 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
EX-BANTAMWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD 
ROMERO ANAYA 
MEXICO CITY 
3 other Fights— TONY PADILLA,Promoter 

PRICES $ 5 - $ 7 - $ 3 f’T 
1 Wm'W'mWM'M'lk ‘BHE 
M<"l Al an im ii Ii J 

TICKETS ON SAU 9 A.M. Tit 8 PM. 
GUNTER HOTEl & ATLAS BAR, 1o6 N. MLPI 
IMM s a n 
IS S I kW iM ii 

Shop S a tu rd a y a f 
6 7 3 4 San Pedro 
Shop S u n d ay a t 
4311 Fredericksburg 

World's most 

 famous speaker! 
UBL 

SAVINGS C*"*Ury1° ° - 
ON OTHER JBL'S! 

I: 
• “ 
• 'N '* ,- 

L.26 Two-way 
5 < w/1o woofer 
Was $168. I AHI Jr 
L36 Three-way with IO” woofer d 
Was $225. 
I rn rn 
1.166 Horizon Three-way 
%% 

W as $ 3 9 9 
( i i i ? M 
L-65 Jubal Three-way 

DYER 
D IA L 

 k i<r.iV 
I - 
- 
- 
:. 
■ 

 with Smoked glass top 
W A S $ 4 6 2 
*259]__ 

A: • 
. 
LU"4 
»• 
\ > 
.l r •>. v t r * •. 

I 

 f t i t o 
M i t t * 
Technics by Panasonic 

UltroHnecir 

Semi-Automatic 
Belt-drive 
Turntable 
• Base • Cover 

Complete 
Stereo System 

« Technics SA 5 3 6 o Stereo Receiver with JB 

 watts pet channel RMS (or big sound 
• BSR 263o Automatic Record Changer with base, dust cover, and ADC cartridge. 
• Two Ultra linear 2ooB 3 way speakers with 12 woofer, five-yeot warranty. 

Circuit breaker protected. 

Separately n y E R 
$719.8o 
<499 l l 

S a /is u i 

FR- 1 o 8 o 

• Cartridge 
• 2 Yr. W arranty 

DYER $ 
DEAL r n 
7 7 

 c z r e / \ i c 3 . 
POWERPLAY 
Car Stereo 

• A M /F M In Dash 
• 8 track tape 
• Power booster 
• M odel S-68o 
DYER 
DEAL 

^ H I T A C H I 
Stereo 
Systems 

A M /FM Stereo, Phono and EITHER 
8-track or C a s s e t t e Tape Recorder 

The finest compact system we've ever seen for the price! BSR automatic changer in each model, connections for two more speakers, loudness, headphone jacks. Cas­ sette model features tape counter, twin VU meters, fast forward and rewind, pause, auto stop. Eight trock model features fast forward and repeat, twin VU meters, and pause 

W/cassette 
M odel SDY 8 /OOM 
W/8-track 
Model SDR-8 SOOH 
DYER DEAL 
*249 
7 7 

o 
H IT A C H I 

Front Load w ith Dolby 
Cassette Deck 

G ood looks and sound for well under 
$2oo. The D-41Q has Ferrite heads for long life, FM Dolby system os well as 
Dolby NR, output controls, walnut cabinet included. A best buy” ! 

DYER 
DEAL %18977 

/dyer electronics warehouse 

OPEN SATURDAY 
6734 San Pedro 
828-2231 e s 

OPEN SUNDA Y 
4311 Fredericksburg Rd. 
735-9276 

I 
I 

H o c k e y 

NATIONAL. H O C K E Y L E A G U E 

C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 

Patrick Division 

St 
Louis 
Chicago 
Colorado 
Minnesota 
Vancouver 

Montreal 
Pittsburgh 
Los 
Angeles 
Washington 
Detroit 

 buffalo 
Boston 
Toronto 
• Cleveland 

IO 

Pts 

8? 
76 
61 
55 

56 
52 
45 
■12 
38 

W 
L 
T 
Philadelphia 
36 ll 
12 
N Y 
Islanders 
34 
16 
8 
Atlanta 
25 
22 ll 
N Y . 
Rangers 
21 
25 13 

Sm vftie Division 
25 
27 
6 
2! 
\ 
IS 
13 
16 

W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 
Norris Division 

42 
7 
IO 
< 
25 
23 
IO 
1 
2o 
27 ll 
16 
32 
12 
■ 
15 
34 
8 

Adams Division 
34 
17 
6 
34 
19 
6 
28 
23 
8 
18 
IO 
9 

Thursday's Gomes 

Philadelohio 7. New York Rangers I 
Washington 4 Minnesota 4, tie t oronto 2, Detroit 2, tie 
Atlanta 4, Los Angeles 3 

G F 

238 
198 
191 
2o7 

176 
184 
176 
172 
157 

GA 
158 
143 
189 
214 

2oo 
2o8 
213 
234 
223 

285 
182 
186 
161 
146 

21o 
219 
223 
169 

138 
184 
187 
237 
21o 

157 
186 
196 
2o3 

Frid a y's Games 

Colorado at Cleveland 

Saturday's Gam es 

New York Rangers at New York Islanders 
Philadelphia at Montreal 
Pittsburgh at Toronto 
Buffalo of Detroit 
Chicago at Minnesota 
Washington at St Louis 
Atlanta at Vancouver 
Boston at Los Angeles 

W O R L D H O C K E Y A SSO C IA TIO N 

Eastern Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
GA 
Quebec 
34 21 
I 
69 
246 2o4 
Indianapolis 
26 26 
6 
58 
196 215 
Cincinnati 
28 26 
2 
58 
254 2o7 
New 
England 
23 
32 
6 
52 
2oo 219 
Birm ingham 
22 15 
I 
43 
199 217 x Minnesota 
19 18 
5 
43 
136 
129 

Western Division 
Houston 
32 17 
6 
7o 
2o8 
16o 
San 
Diego 
33 23 
2 
68 
2oo 
193 
Winnipeg 
31 22 
2 
64 
257 
2o1 
Edmonton 
23 32 
2 
48 
159 
212 calgary 
21 29 
5 
47 
17} 
191 
Phoenix 
22 33 
2 
46 
197 
262 x franchise disbanded 

Thursday's Gam es 
New England 4, Phoenix 2 
Winnipeg 4, Indianapolis 2 

Frid a y's Gam es 
Birm ingham at New England 

F r i d a y 
' s g o l f r e s u l t s 

L O S 
A N G E L E S 
( A P ) 
_ 
Second round scores Erid o v in 
• he 52oo,ooo Glen Campbell Los 
Angeles Open Golf Tournament 
On the 7,o29-vard, par 71 R iviera 
Country Clup course (o denotes amateur) 
Lonnv Wadkins 
Tom P u ttier 
Roger Maltpie 
Craig Studier 
Rik Massengale 
Bob Gilder 
Jim M assena 
Ron Cerrudo 
B a rry Jaeckel 
Graham Marsh 
Tom Weiskopt 
Don Jan u ary 
Joe Inman 

Artie Mc Nickle 
69 72 — 141 
Denme Mpyer 
73 76-149 
Doug Tewrli 
71 7o-141 
Orville Moody 
74 75-149 
Je r ry McGee 
7o/2-14? 
Steve Veriato 
74 IS- 149 
Dole Haves 
71 71-142 
Peter Jaeobscr. 
72 77 - 149 
Howard T witty 
7o 72 — 142 
Alan Triple 
77 72 - 149 
Cd Satin 
7o 72- 142 
G ary Plover 
71 75- 149 
Grier Jones 
68 74- 14? 
Rod Fuoseth 
7 } 76-149 
Con Hinkle 
69-73- 14? 
Mark Lye 
73 76 -149 
Bob Wynn 
7o 72 — 142 
Gay Brewer 
78 71 - 149 
Lyn Lott 
73 7o-143 
Tom Watson 
76 13 
149 
Bobby Wolzel 
7o 73— 143 
Rod Curl 
73 77- 1 5o 
Fuzzy Zoeiier 
7? 71-14! 
Bobby Nichols 
75 75 -1 5o 
Kermit borley 
7o 73-143 
Mike McCullough 
11 73- ISO 
Pe te Rrown 
73-7o-143 
Jack Newton 
77 73 
I 5o 
Mark Pfpil 
73 7o— 143 
Vie Regalado 
79-71.-ISO 
Don Bins 
72 ll - 144 
Jett Howes 
72 78 - 15o je rry Heard 
73 71- 144 
Pout Bark nous 
74 77 
151 
Dave Eichelberger 
72 72-144 
Steve Spray 
74 77-151 
Dwight Nevi! 
71 73-144 
Bill Brask 
77 74-151 
Mike Reosor 
74 7o - 144 
Wally Armstrong 
76 76-152 
John Schlep 
7o-74-144 
Bob Loon 
76 76-152 
Steve Mplnyk 
71 73-144 
Al Geiherger 
76 76 
152 
Robhv Wodkms 
77 77 - 144 
Forrest Feeler 
72 BO- 152 
Monty Koser 
71 73 
141 
Je r ry Barber ll 15-162 
L arry Nelson 
76 68 — 144 
John Jacobs 
74 78- 152 
Terry Diehl 
74 7o - 144 
Rate Botts ll 75-15? 
Ben Crenshaw 
7? 73- 145 
Bruce Devlin 
75 77- 1 62 
George C odin 
7o 75-145 
Jim Simons 
77 75-152 
Danny Edw ards 
73 77-14S 
John Lister 
78 75-153 
Mike Reid 
73 72- 145 
Billy Cosher 
72 81 -163 
Ken Still 
73 72- 145 
Mason Kusakabe l l 76-153 
Paul Moron 
73 72- 145 
Pat Fitzsimons 
76 78 
164 
Charlie Siftord 
73 72- 145 
Arnold Palm er 
76 78-154 
Jim W ierher* 
72-73— 145 
Lionel Hebert ll 77— 164 
John Schroeder 
75 71- 146 
Chuck Montoibang 
76 78-154 
David Graham 
72-74- 146 
Rich Friedm an 
77 77-154 
Mike W alters 
75 71 -146 a Tim Black 
79/5-164 
Rick Acton 
76/o 
146 
Ja ck Fleck l l 77-164 
Oil A/ior gan 
77-69 — 146 a Erick Evan s 
78 76-154 
Jack Ewing 
76 7o 
146 
Ed Sneed 
8o 74 — 164 a Brian Gaddy 
68/8— 146 
Dale Douglass 
78 76 
154 
BMI Monon 
71 75— 146 
M arty Fieckm an 
78/6-154 
Sam F ariow 
74 72—146 
Don Massengale 
77 78 
155 
Gary McCord 
72 74-146 
Rusty Guernsey 
75 8o-166 
Art Wall 
73 73— UA 
Don Poolev 
BO 75— 155 
Bob Shearer 
75 71 — 146 
Bill Rogers l l 78— 155 
George Archer 
71 75— UA 
Joe Porter 
77-78- 155 
Tom Kite 
71 76— 146 
Bob Goqlbv 
79 76-155 
Curtis Siftord 
73 73- 146 kikuo Argi 
78 78- 1 66 
J C Snead 
73 74 — IJ 7 
Rick Rarlck 
82 74-156 
Tom Show 
73 74 — 147 
Mike Davis 
79 77-I SA 
G ary Groh 
75 72- 147 
Terry Small 
79 77-156 
Dove Stockton 
73 74— 147 
Bob Imoaglio 
78 78-I SA 
Hale Irwin 
75 72- 147 
John Abendroth 
78 79-157 
Cesar Sonudo 
71 76-147 
Dow Finsterwaid 
8 I 75- I 68 
Bob Dickson 
69/8-147 
Roo R hoods l l 81-168 
Gene Littler 
72 75-147 
Tom Nipper te 
78 84-162 
Allen Miller 
75 72-147 
Jim Knoll 
8o 82-162 
Phil Rodders 
76 71-147 
Eddie Pearce 
82 81-163 
Peter Oosterhuis 
73 74-147 
O Alton Dutton 
8? 82-164 
George Burns 
73 74- 1 47 
Peter Cornell 
81 83-164 
Bob lender 
7} 74— 147 
Eddie Merrins 
83 83-166 
Bul Cadee 
74 73 — 147 
Je rry Pate 
Rex Caldwell 
71 — WD 
73-W D 
Failed to Qualify 
Bob E Smith 
8o-W D 
Tom Jenkins 
74 74 — 148 
Mac McLendon 
74 Disqualified 
Greg Powers 
68 8o— 148 a Tony Sills 
Je ll Milt heil 
76 72-U8 
71-/7— 148 
L 
I 
M k 
A 

\ 

The first & the only New CB’s with a full warranty for as long as you own your car! 

L A FA Y ET T E R A D IO ‘’s’fS T 
MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED 
OPEN 9-6 MON.-SAT. 
THURS. Til 9 
6828 SAN PEDRO 
824-o561 

ST P E T E R S B U R G . FIO (A P ) 
— The leaders F rid a y atter 18 holes o* the 54 h o le, 55o.ooo 
O ronge Blossom C la s s ic four nament of the Ladies Professional 
Ooh Association being ployed on tn«> par 36 36 - 72, 6,1o9 yard P a ­ sadena Golf Club course 
Judy Rankin 
34 35—69 
Joyce Katm ierski 
35 35—7o 
Patty Hayes 
37 34—71 
Jo Ann Wosham 
34 37 — 71 
Vivian Brownlee 
35 37— 72 
Pat M eyers 
36 36— 72 
Sally Little 
16 36-72 
Diane Wilde 
38 35—73 
Renee Powell 
35-38—73 
Debbie Skinner 
35 38— 73 
M .J. Smith 
35 38 —71 
Debbie Austin 
36 37—73 
Murle Breer 
35 38—73 
Carol Mann 
35 38 — 73 
Sandra Post 
36 37—73 
Sandra Palm er 
36 37 — 73 
Amy Alcott 
37-36—73 
Beth Stone 
36 37—7) 
Debbie M assey 
36 38 — 74 
Janet Coles 
35-39— 74 
Janet Aulisi 
36 38 — 74 
Signa Quant 
4o 34— 74 
Sharon Miller 
3/ 37 — 74 
Kathy Cornelius 
37 37 — 74 
Kathy Hite 
38 36—74 
Korolvn Kert/mon 
38 36 — 74 
M ory Mills 
35 19—74 
M arilyn Smith 
36 18 — 74 
Dot Germ ain 
36 34—74 
Sue Mc A uster 
36 34 -74 
Jan e Blalock 
37-37 — 74 
Jerilvn Brit 1 
37 37 —74 
M arlene Hogge 
37 37—74 
Porn Higgins 
38 36—74 
DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo 

o P E N 
S C C y i f c mon -SAT. 
R O A D 
7:3o TO 5 

THI MONEY SAVER 
WHERE CASH BUYS 
AT WHOLESALE 

T a k a N e w B ra u n fe ls 
Ave. l i d O ff t-35-N Pel- le w A t t e s t R e a d Te 
A A R C O f l a n . T u rn 
R ig h t Ie S e g u in Rd. 
Then Left Te Our Dote 

 lo rtzo n fa l slid e rs w / vt sere* 

24 , 7 4 ' ......................... 1 o .7 7 
3 6 " x3 6 " ................ I X . 6 8 RO. 
4 » " x 3 6 " ................ 1 7 .2 7 DO. 
Picture Window With 
Pair Screant 72x43 •••••• 
3 3 .2 4 

 a l u m i n u m\mom 
S in g le H u n g w / fu ll scre e n 
2 4 "x 2 8 " ................ 1 2 .8 5 b o . 
2 4 "x 3 6 " .......... 
1 3 .7 4 RO, 
3 2 "x 3 2 "................ 1 9 .8 o e a . 
36**x6o" — ---- 2 2 .3 7 e a . 

FIRST 
QUALITY 

BARGAIN 
:qO' 

SPECIAL 
PRICE 14” 
EA 

TWO 
FOR 
’28.oo 

R O U G H P IN I 
LUMBER 
o o o o um m m -gooo le n g th s i 
2*6.19'/* LF. 
2*1 .2 6 L F. 
1*1.19 LF. it 1*6 . 9 'k LF. 

C SX 

 cox .. 

PR IC ES G O O D T H R U EEB. 24TH^ 

5oo S E G U IN RO AD 
* 
226-3141 

PR IC ES G O O D T H R U EEB. 24 TH 
DITTMAR LUMBER ® 

Quebec of Minnesota 
San Diego at Houston 
Cincinnati at Caiagary 
Winnipeg at Edmonton 

Saturdov's Gam es 
Quebec at Cincinnati 
Phoenix at Indianapolis 
San Diego of Houston 

A u t o H a r t m g 

D A YTO N A B E A C H , F L A . A P ) — The S t o r t in g lineup for Sunday's Daytona 5oo stock cor race, with type of cor and qualifying speed in m iles per hour 
1. Donnie Allison. Chevrolet, 188 o48 
2. A.J. Foyt. Chevrolet, 187 7o4 
3. Pichord Petty, Dodge, 187 192 
4. Cole Yarborough, Chevrolet, 185 117 
5 David Pearson, M ercu ry, 185,o63 
6 Benny Parsons, Chevrolet, 185 293 
7 Bobby Allison, Matador. 182.142 
8 Buddy Baker, Ford, 181 631 
9 Dave Morels, M ercury, 186 695 
1o D arrell W altrip, Chevrolet, 186 BSI ll. Neil Bonnet!. Dodge. 186 12o 
12 Rom a Stott, Chevrolet. 182 1o9 
13. CooCoo M arlin, Chevrolet, 18.3 741 
14 Grant Adcox, Chevrolet, 182.314 
15 Dick Brooks, Ford, ISO 267 
16 Elliott Forbes Robinson, Dodge, 18o o14 
17 Heriley Gray, Chevrolet. 18o 926 
18 Bruce Hill, Chevrolet. ISO 632 
19 jim Vandiver, Dodge, 18o 592 
2o Jim m y Lee Copps, Chevrolet, 18o 375 
?! Picky Rudd, Chevrolet, 181 928 
22 Ed Negre, Dodge. 172 738 
23. Jim m y Means, Chevrolet, 18o 42? 
24 J O McDuffie. Chevrolet. 183 61o 
25. Salt Walthor, Chevrolet, 18o 636 
26 Jim Hurtubise, Chevrolet. 179 419 
27 Skip Manning, Chevrolet, 177 978 
28 Roy Smith, Chevrolet, 178 47? 
29 Terry Bivins, Chevrolet, 178 oo3 
,3o. Bob Burchom , Chevrolet, 176.374 
31. Ron Hutcherson, Chevrolet, 185 448 
32 Richard Childress, Chevrolet, 184 ISI 
33 Frank W arren, Dodge, 182 691 
34. Terry Ryan, Chevrolet. 182 264 
35 Tighe Scott, Chevrolet, 181925 
36. Sam Sommers, Chevrolet, 181 785 
37. Jam es Hylton, Chevrolet. 181.o32 
18 Buddy Arrington. Dodge, 181 o1o 
39 Janet Guthrie Chevrolet, 18o 6o.3 
4o Jonnny Rutherford. Chevrolet 18o 578 
41 Cecil Gordon. Chevrolet, 18o 411 
I? D K Ulrich, Chevrolet. 179 748 

SAW G A 

Championship Flight — M arge Locke. 81. Polly 
Herschberyer. 86 12 —72. Four tied with 
74 
Low putt-,, Wynn Louis, ?9 First Flight — Lu Fa rre ll. 
86 
G in n y D o rr, 86 16 —67; FIO M c G o tfig a n , 
86 18—68, Low putts, Lucy Selin, 29. Second Flight 
- G e rry Sm ith, 89 
C Hie Sh an klln , 93 24 — 69. 
Dottle Fisher, 93 24-69; Betty W ehrlle, 93 24— 69 
Low putts. T ish Ross, 31 

HOLE IN-ONE 

Gordon M cBrid e aced the 18o yard sixth hole at 
Olmos Basin Golf Course Frid ay with an 8 Iron It was his first hole tn-one 

P o l o 

W E E K E N D PO LO 

The San Antonio Po lo Club w ill sponsor tw o polo m a tch e s this w e e k e n d at the B r o o k r id g e P o lo 
Grounds. R e ta m a F o rm s m eets the S e lm a Sm o kies Sa tu rd a y at 2 3o p m. and K in g s v ille b attles 
Cilobo Volley Sunday at 2.3o in an exib itio n. The 
Public is invited and there is no ad m issio n charge 

S h o o t i n g 

 f iv e m e m b e rs of the T rin ity sk e e t a n d tr a p team w ill com pete in the 4th a n n u a l Stib b s M a rd i 
G ras In v ita tio n a l sk e e t shoot in N e w O r le a n s 
S a tu rd a y and Sundov 
Another m em b er, E rn e s to de L im a , w ill re p re sent the T ig ers in the In te rn atio n al S k e e t C h am pionsnips at Corpus C hristi N a v a l A ir Station this weekend 

S k i i n g 

H o w l i n g 

T IBC M E E T 

Of Trinity 

Trinity will entertain the Texas Intercollegiate 
Bowling Conference Saturd ay 
The schedule of annie', 
9 a m 
(Position round) — Houston vs 
Texas AUM , Texas vs 
Trinity, Lam a r vs North 
Texas. Rice vs Texas Southern, I p m — Trinity vs 
Rice. I Omar vs 
North T exas; 
Texas vs 
Houston. AAM vs. Texas Southern; 3 3o — Texas vs Texas Southern, Houston vs A & M : Lam ar vs 
Rice. Trinity vs 
North Texas 
The rem aining schedule 
M arch I? at North Texas. M arch 19 at 
Lam ar 
Standings 
Houston, 2S3! 1 points, Texas 
ATtM. 226 
Texas. 2o4 j; Trinity, 191’ /, Lam ar, 
186 ., 
North 
Texas, 163’ .. 
R ic e , 132. 
Texas 
Southern, 82 Trinity team m em bers 
M ike Rizzo, 
David and G a ry Culbertson, G a ry M oore 
Ju n e 
Robe, Sharon Wolff, David Drake 

LA TA 
The Ladies Am ateur Bowling Association will hold its monthly tournament Saturday and Sunday at Southside 
S W T JB A 
The Southwest Texas Jun ior Bow ling Associe 
Non s tournam ent m oves into its third of five weeks of competition Saturd ay and Sundov at 
Goliad Shifts for both days ore slated for I and 5 p m 

World C u p Sum m ory 

L A A K , Sw itzerland (A P ) — Results of F rid a y s 
World Cup downhill ski race 
I, F ra n z K la m m e r, A u s tria , 1:59.1o 
2, Seoo 
Ferstl, West Germ any, 1:59.51, 3. B ern h ard Russi. 
1 59 54 4, Michael Veith. West G erm any, 1: 59.76. 5. 
Anton Sterner, A ustria, 1:59 93. 6, W ern er G riss mann, Austria, 2:oo.12. 7, Erw in JOSI. Switzerland. 
2 OO 39 8. Rrne Berthod, Sw itzerland, 2 OO 66 9, 
Peter Fischer, West G erm any, 2 oo.74 to, Ern st 
Winkler, Austria, 2:oo 91 

World Cup Standings 
LA A X , Switzerland (A P ) — World Cup standings atter Friday s downhill ski race 
I, Franz Klam m er, Austria, 194 points 2, Ingem ar 
Stenmark. Sweden. 1 74 3, Klaus Heidegger, Atis trio, 151 
4, Bernhard Russi, Sw itzerland. 122. 5, 
Gustavo Thoeni, Italy. 1o8 6. Piero Gros, Italy, 1o1 
7, Heini Hemmi, Sw itzerland, 98 8, Sepp Fe rstl, 
West Germ any, 97. 9, Sepp W atcher, Austria, 84 IO, 
Walter Tresch. Switzerland. 81 

Slap nets win in quarterfinals 

SPECIM TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
SALISBURY, Md - Seventh-seeded 
Sandy Slap, of Trinity, shocked third- seeded Barbara .Jordan King, of Prus­ sia. Pa., Friday to win a quarterfinal match in the U. S. Tennis Association 
Amatuer Indoor Championships. 
Sta|) advanced to the semifinals with a 7-5, H-4 victory over King. 

C o l l e g e c a g e s c o r e s 

Frid o V s Gomes 

Texas Teams 

Texas West 95. W ayland Baptist 
94 
D oH os B a p tis t S t, L u b b o ck 
Christ 76 
Texas W eslevan 95. W a yla n d 
Baptist 94 
D a lla s B a p tis t S I, L u b b o c k 
Christian 76 

Other Teams 
N Dakota St Bl, Mankato St 7o 
Penn Bl, H orvord 6? 
Howard 85. S Car St 76 
W is Stevens P f 75. W is R iv e r 
Foils 62 
Eau Claire Immanuel 54. Minn 
Bible 52 
B a p tis t B ib le 1o5. B e r s h ir e 
C t l'IS t 54 

Bates 86, Norwich 85 
DePouw 75. Denison 69 
Lycoming 71. Unsalo 68 
Piedmont 77, Oglethorpe 68 
Jun iata 78, Del Valley 77 
Yale 67, Cornell 64 
N Dakota 66. Northern lowo 62 
St Law rence 1o1, Oswego St 84 
Binghamton St 67, Geneseo St 65 
Buffalo St 63. Oneonta St 51 
Ithaca 84, Clarkson 82, 4oTs 
W C ann 85. Pace 79 
Lehman 83, NY M aritim e 75 
N Michigan 74 W Illinois 53 
Brown 91, Columbia 83 
SE Mass 87, Eastern Nazarerie 
72 
Cent Methodist 76. Graceland 53 
W Virginia Wesl 91. West Liber tv 77 

Troy St 71, SE Louisiana 62 
Glenville St 89. Bluefield St 83 
Em ory A Henry of Lynchburg, pod. snow. Sundov 
Drew 9o, Clark 78 
Jersey City St 79, Montclair St 
61 
Florida St 76. Dayton 71 
Bueno Vista 85, Central 78 
Briarcliff 81. Oordt 62 
William Penn 68, Simoson 63 
Wartburg Col 81, Upper lowo 76 
Coppin SI 1o1, Bowie St 7? 
Stony Brook 119, M ercy Col 88 
Dowling 73, Rufflers Newark 57 
York 79, Baruch 66 
Norfolk St 78, Show 75 
Hasson Col 113, St Jo sep h s. 
Me 97 
Sioux Falls 76, Bethel 63 

Burbank tumbles 

Second-ranked Houston stunned top-rated Burbank. 48-44, to win tho 31-AAAA second-half championship Friday night at Alamo Stadium Gym. 
Charles Bean scored 23 points and Abraham Davis 17 for the Cherokees. 
Burbank, which was playing without 6-11 Gilbert Salinas, was led by Leonard 
La miter! with 15. 
Judson captured the 29-AAAA title outright by slamming East Central. 91-54 while Jay won the 3H-AAAA second-half crown by defeating Marshall. 78-72. 

PLYWOOD a n n a l na a conu atm nnm I 
*9.49 
’4.89 

Boys 
¥ 

H is t r i f t 2 *)-A A A A 

JU D SO N (91) — Sloey Bow er* 2o, Jo e Blok* ll. 
Trocy Bowers I?. Kenneth H ickey I?, N urse 6 
Elkins 6. Tovlor 4, Rodgers 4, Fike 4, M cFodden 
4. Kievans I. 
E A ST C E N T R A L (54) — Jock Chrisney 16, Carl 
Klon 12, Center 8. TAnderson 7, Potocios 5, Lutz 4. 
M oinz 2, Valdez. Boyce 
Halftime: 
Judson 45. East C ent,ai 27 
Highlights: 
Judson led from the outset and gradually roo aw ay with th# game 

L A R E D O M A R T IN <7S) 
- M ario U rbin a 22. 
Roberto Contreras 14. Aiea M artinez Ii. G erardo 
Rendon 9. S ie m u k e r 9, P e n a 2, G u e v a r a 2, 
ZamarriDo 2, A De to Cruz 2. M De io Cruz 
H A R L A N D A L E (61) 
- Roland De lo G arza 19, 
Richard M ono IO 
Robert A nsae IO, G u errero 6. 
ViHeuas A 
P a rra 4, M edrano J. W 
M artinez 3. 
Moran J. Chacon, J ZAartmez 
Halftime 
Laredo M artin 39, Hariandate ?7 

M C C O LLU M (SA) 
- Danny Cox 1A 
Jeff Bog gess I?, Onto Ura>oies IO, Wevnond 7. Hon A, Scott 
5 Nix. Martin. Coven 
SOUTH SAN ( It ) 
Mine Flores 27, Brock A, 
A Ionia 4. Samuel 4, Dovito J, fe m o ra 3, Serna 2. 
Sander* J 
Halftime 
McCollum 32, South Son 21 
Highlights: 
South San rallied to take o 38 37 teod in the third quarter, ond the lead thonged hands eight times otter that Boages* hit two lump snots to make it 54 5o with I 2o left in the gam e to out the contest out of reach 

D i s ! r i d A O - A . I A A 

S A G L E 
P A S S 
(4 1 ) 
— 
R o u t 
P e r t ! 
IO, 
P ay Puente 9, Rodriguez 9, C am arillo I. Garza 
5, Gaiindo. Flores. Onohnoot 
H O L M ES (M i — 
Ronde M atve 12. Brow n I, 
Krotz 7. Bryan t A. Perez J. M cG ow an 2. Felton, 
Johnston. Oliver 
Halftime 
Eagle Pass 16. Holmes U 
Regulation 
Eagle Pass 35, Holm es 35 
Lead changed tour times in overtim e 
M anuel 
PozYPuente hit two free throws with 5o seconds left to give the Eagles a 39 37 lead they never rehnquishred 

M E M O R IA L (79) — 
Robert A Ic or to 27. L o rry 
G arry JI. Rene Gloria 
IO. Sounders A Brow n 
4 trunk 2, Ochoo M cK in n ey 
K E N N E D Y (Ad) - 
Rick Leggett II. O o rryl 
Bentley ti. Watiev 7, Roberson 4. Young 4, Tristan 
4. Sctoggms. Berlingeri 
Noifltme 
Mem orial 33. Kennedy 21 
G arry hit a IO tooter from near the tree throw line with one second left to give the M inutem en the victory Franklin Wotiev had tied the score tor the 
Rockets with IO seconds left on a la yup 

ED G EW O O D (AA) — 
George Moonev 17, M ike 
Williams ie Prince E a rls 12, W ayne Joespn 12. 
Godley A. W im berly J, D W illiam s I 
D E L R IO (AS) — 
F rook Reyes 29, B ra d W aits 
13. Jordon 9. Saunas I. Jock san A. Ju arez 
Halftime 
Edgewood 79 Dei Rio 21 
Moon, y hit sn toot lumper with seven seconds left in the game Red Raiders botone ed shooting 
Oft set Reyes 29 point effort 

JA Y (71) — 
Holton W ay 25, Dote Cm ll. tom 
-ormg 14. Derefc Stu b b lefield U , Ja n u a r y 4. 
Mercer 4, Avera. Norwood, DeHart. 
M A R S H A L L (72) - 
Billy Ash ZI Sean M i Nebs ll. Dorm Mc Nebs ll, H arris A, Rodriguez 4. Hutch 
4. Conyers 3 
Halftime 
Jo y 4o, M arshall 29 
Ja y 19 I? first auarter lead, The second had saw 
34 personal fouls caned Jo y wraps up second the 
District 3o AAAA crown ja y hit 13 19 free throws rn the second had ana the Ram s converted on only 
13 29 chanties tosses 

D in t r i d A I* A A A A 

H IG H LA N D S (S I) - 
Bernard Turk l l 
G a ry 
Moimori IO, Draper 9, Jacques 9, M cN eil 4, Moo re 
2, Lond. Dnsdaie, Holden. Peterson 
W H E A T L E Y (S I) — 
Herbert Jackson 17, E r ­ nest Edw ards 14. Anoa Neat IO, Wilkinson A, Owen 
4, Shular 
Halftime: 
Highlands J I W heatley 21 

SA M H O U ST O N (41) - 
C h a rle s B e a n 2). 
Abraham Davis IF. Jones 4. M ichauk I, Reed 2. 

S IH ', t o u r n e y 

ST. G ERA RD ’S Ja m e s Kruciak (5o) blocks shot by Peter 
Van Slyke p h o t o b y h m . d e a n , j r 
H-M ba 

Lynch,*Simmons, Whilom* 

B U R B A N K (44) — 
Leonord Lam bert IS. Steve 
Gamboa IO, M isc Poole IO. Martinez 7, Puente 2. 
Hernandez. Salinas. Gutierrez 

Halftime. 
Burbank 18, Houston 17, 

D is t r ic t 3 2 - A A A A 

L E E (77) 
- Chuck Stanley 33, Bdl Bond 12, 
Jim m y Stewart IO. Hassmon 8, Brow n 8, Haften A, 
Dixon Soidana M.atton. M arked. W aliey 

C L E M E N S (A I) 
— Ste ve W e lls 21. Chuck 
Draper 14. Renm ann 9, Del Toro 8. Godfrey 4, 
Anderson 4. Bice 2. Bradley 
Halftime 
Lee 42, Clemens 32 

MAC A R T H U R (IO ) — 
Kedn Edm onson 33. 
Mike Ho*ub 17, Ron Pocher 14. M eindertsm o 7, 
Jefferson 5, Moreman 4, Gaston 

SAN M ARCO S (71) — 
Pete Johnson J J, Jo d v 
Smith 15. Jim Fife 12, M ark Witte IO. GHcreose 8, 
Winfield J. Goo r ley J 

Holttime 
M acArthur 37, Son M arcos 3o 

Highlight*: 
M a c A rth u r never lost the lead although San M arcos cut the lead to three, 43 4o 
In the third period 

R O O S E V E L T (7») — 
Mark Tompkins 22 Kelly 
Riddle JI. David Treat IS, Chris Lee ll. M iller 4. 
M Lee 3. Rouse J 

C H U R C H IL L (44) — 
Kedh L y o n s ll, Pep e 
Stevenson IS, Tom Hegemier 14. Dodds A. Gdboua 
3 
Bowlin J, Fritz 2. Cham bers 2. 
Wooster 
I, 
Dawson. Wiseman. Hamii. 

Halftime: 
Roosevelt 49. Churchill 36 
Church'll cut the defied to 42 31 but the RoiRjh 
Riders pulled oway to a 2o point lead 

S E Q U IN (A4) — 
Herb Coe II. Lau ren ce Sam pluton 12. C u ellar I, Ja c k s o n I, P ro c k n o w 4. 
Walker 4. Adorns 2. King 4. Dixon I, Rinn. Runge!, 
Blase 

A LA M O H E IG H T S (47) — 
Pete Sherwood 14 

Jackson 9, Kuvkendon I, Johnson 5, Reagan 4, 
O Connell 3. M ares J, Brousseau 2 

Halftime 
Seguin 32, Heights ?8 

Highlights 
Matadors boost district record to 
S-). set up second round winner toke ad chant pionshio battle with M acA rth u r, also 5 I. That gam# is neat Tuesooy ov 

2 7 - A A P la y o f f 

D IS T R IC T C H A M P IO N S H IP 

R A N D O LPH (41) — 
Lee L o r e n s o n l l 
Thgron 
Chandler I?. Harper 9 Bm ford 5. Carter 4. Fence 

H A YS (41) — 
Mike Thornes <4. Witt I. DeLeon 
7, Abies A. Chregnan 4. Toley.J. Thames 

Halftime: 
Randolph 24. Hoys 23. 

Highlight*: 
The whole contest w as a back and forth struggle tor the lead 
Randolph went ahead with 45 secodnds to stay Randolph will now meet Pearson tor the bi district title 

P T . W O R T H C O U N T R Y D A Y (IO ) - 
Jo e 
Brcediove 22. Dee Flem ing u , Kelly 8. Woodson 8, 
Oisow I 
S 
W ashuta 7, Kelly 7, T 
W oshuta *, 
Fortson 2, Alli*on 

TM I (47) — 
Sam Baxter 
14, Je ff Brow n )o, 
Foiev I 
Wood A. Hicsson 5, Dowel 4. G affney.' 
Wilson. Stewart 
Halftime: 
Country Day 44. TM I 22 
TMI oodles Dallas Si 
M ark s at 
2 OO p m 
Saturday 
Girls 
( h is s l l K e f iio iu il 

 el San M arcos 

 iota 21. Round Tip Carm ine ?l 
Austewll Tivoli 5o. Agua Dulce 39 
Chester 69, Mutton 48 
Crawford 64 D Hams 48 

Saturday'* Games 

G I R I ! 

Class AA Eegieaal 

At Texas AAI 

Devine vs. Laredo United. 9 45 a rn 
Palacios vt. Yoakum, 11:3o a m 
Finals. A p.iti 

Clos* A Regional 

At Victoria College 

Poth vt Deweyville, 9 3o a rn 
Jourdanton vs Snook, l l a m 
Final*, 7 p rn 

 ca g e 

Continued from Page ID 

 halted Incarnate Word. 47-39. 
St. Gerard's and Central will meet fur the fifth time this year in the AAA boys consolation. 
Friday night Nolan led Central all the way, including a top of 15 points with three minutes left in the third before the Buttons fought back behind four straight buckets by reserve center 
.Joe Petri and another by Bobby Do­ minguez that cut the gap to 41-36 
Several times in the fourth period 
Central came within six but that was it. 
In the game that followed. St. Ger­ ard's also trailed all tke way as Stroke 
Je su it’s inside strength was the difference. However. Chris Wehre's pokes from the corner helped the win­ ners build a peak 2o-point bulge. 
Healy-Murphy, ineligible last year after winning the Class AA boys’ title in both 1974 and 1975, broke away from stubborn Lubbock Christ the King in the last quarter for a 63-58 victory. 
The Trojans will meet defending state champion Galveston O’Connell at 
5:3o J).in. Saturday in what should be an interesting contrast of styles for a state championship game. O'Connell ripped Shiner St. Paul. 6o-44, in the other semifinal. 
In Class AAA girls’ play. defending champ Dallas Bishop Lynch blasted 
Houston St. Agnes. 6o-26, before Cor­ pus Christi Incarnate Word (champs from 1972-74) did the same to Provi­ dence. 7o-46. 
Two-time defending champion Ennis 
St. John’s will also be back in the fin­ als in AA girls after cracking Christ the King. 45-29 
The Crusaderettes will tangle with 
Shiner St. Paul, a 54-33 victor over 
Blessed Sacrament. 
Healy-Murphy trailed most of the first three quarters before finally tak­ ing the lead lur good ut 43-41 on a bas­ ket by Waymon Ezell with 57 seconds left in the third quarter. 
The Trojans stretched the lead to a high of nine points with 2:22 left in the game when Isaac Cain hit from the baseline to cap a string of five straight points that made it 6o-51. 
( brist the King fought back to within 
61-58 with 1:o4 left but key steals by 
Cain and Ezell saved it arui Cain hit a 

St. Phillip’s prevails 

St. Phillip's scored 14 of the first 16 points in tin second half to break open a 4o-38 halftime edge and defeat 
W harton 85-67 Friday 
ST P H IL L IP ’S (SS) — 
W yatt M eVeo IO J 4 23. 
Calvin Cunningham ti I I 21, Ronald M cCaskell A 
O I I?. Stevie Gordon 5 l l ll. M orales 2 2 2 6. 
Wolford 2 1-2 5. Young J OO 4, Ellison o o o o, 
Gonzales o o 2 o Totals 38 O IS 
W H A RTO N (67) — 
Tim Wnlch 9 OO ti. Don 
Baker 7 2 2 16, Anay Roy A O O 12 M ark Wendel 5 i 2 ll, Novuk 4 o 18, Austin o 2 2 2. L o n g lo s t OOO 
o Total* 31 5-7 
Halttime 
St. P h illip s 4o W harton 38 
SAC women iii 
68-46 victory 
<r l^ina Huennekens scored 22 points to lead San Antonio College to a 68-46 victory uver San Jacinto North at SAC 
Friday evening. 

SAN JA C IN T O N O RTH (AAI 
- P ick ie r o o o o7, 
Gold J I I 7, Horton O O I o, Path Sullivan 4 2 2 IO, 
Kitten 3 12 7, Eileen Bole 5o1 IO. Sadtnor o 12 I, 
Jud y Voter ion 5 15 11 
Totals 
2o A 14 
SAC W O M EN (A i) 
— Christy Aetvoet 6 2 2 14, 
Lana Huennekens 9 4 5 22, H arrell 4 o o 8, Fleet I 
J 4 5 Londnoit o o 2 Q. Von Zoned o 5 6 5 M ichele 
Larimore 6 2 4 U Tolar* 
2« 16 23 
Halftime 
SAC ie omen 3o Sun Ja cin to 28 
Bears roll 

ARLINGTON 
( AP) 
- 
Baylor 

 pitchers Sammy Bickhani and Harry 
Shipley guided the Bear* to identical 
2-1 college baseball victories over 
Texas-Arlington in a doubleheader here Friday. 

 win. 

 rebound with two seconds left 
George Irvin fired a long pass downcourt to James Cook for a fast break bucket, then made a trip shot himself midway through the stanza to give Healy-Murphy a pair of seven- point margins. 
“ We were kind of tight the first half from the excitement of being in the state tournament.” said Trojan Coach 
Charles “ Ik e” Harris. “ We were rushing our shots. 
“ In the second half, we got more mobility and started moving the bull. 
We started playing like we were sup­ posed to. When you play defense right, you can get the steals like we did. 
“ Their press bothered us,” he said of the Lubbock team's two-man traps of the man with the ball. “ We were ready for a 3-1-1 but they came out in a 
2-2-1. I knew they were tough but not that tough.” 
Two straight baskets by Bruce No- velli gave O’Connell a 46-46 margin late in the third stanza and the Buts went into their delay game to outscore 
St. Paul. 14-4. in the final round. 
Height made the difference in the two losing girls’ games for San Antonio teams. Incarnate Word scored 13 straight points to take a 19-6 lead and once led by as many as 25 over 
Proviedenee. An early run of 16 in a row by Shiner St. Paul gave it an in­ surmountable 16-6 lead over BSA, which got within five late in the third period 
Both defending girls’ champs looked very strong in starting their bids to repeat. St. John's broke out on top. 
16-o, while Bishop Lynch was ahead by 
22 at halftime. 

C LA SS AAA B O Y S 

FO R T W O RTH N O LA N (55) — 
Chuck Lincoln 
19, Loo Frid ay ll, Ralph G ilm ore IO, D avis A, 
McClout) 5, M ulrev 4, Pennycutf. Cotton. 

C E N T R A L C A TH O LIC (45) — 
Dove Korn ll. 
Joe Petri 12, Pollock 7. Dominguez A, Bordelon 2. 
Joseph, Oswald, Zam ora, Salazar 

Halftime: 
Fort Worth Nolan 33, Central Catholic 

22 

HOUSTON 
S T R A K E 
JE S U IT 
(AA) 
- 
BH V 

McShane 24, Chn* W eare 16. Peter Van Siyke 14, 
Hicks A, Pocne 4. Evan s 2, Devine 

ST G E R A R D S (AA) — 
Eddie Hodges 14. M ark 
Bird 14. Jam es Kruciak IO, Boehm 8. Puente 8. 
Breao 2. William s. Terrell. Giazener 
K issin g 

Halltim e: 
Jesuit 34, St G erard » 22 

C LA SS AA BO Y S 

H E A L Y - M U R P H Y (63) — 
G eoro e Irv in 17. isaac Coin 16. Jam es Cook I A. Cathey 7. Ezel! 7 
Thomas, Coleman 

L U B B O C K C H R IST T H E K IN G (18) — 
R am iro 
Quintana 17, Steve M eyer 14, Mike Ribordy IO. 
Kitten 7, Gloss A. Haiseii 2, Durham 2, Son 

Halftime: 
Chn** the King 29, Healy M urphy 27 

G A L V E S T O N O 'C O N N E L L (AO) - 
B r u c e 
Novelli 2l. Steve School 12, 7/ike Chri*tionsen IO. 
A 
Gonzales 7, Cam acho A, Curl 3. C arroll 2. T 
Gonzales. H arr, Knmst 

S H IN E R ST 
P A U L (44) — 
M ike Biaschke 18 
M ike Siegel is, Strauss 5, Coka 4, M orro w 2, 
Fnseier, Wagner, Kresta 

Halftime 
O Connell 29. st Pau l 27 

C LA SS AA G IR L S 

E N N IS ST 
JO H N S (45) - 
Term a Memy J I 
Rosem ary 
Tom 9. A He my 3. O dic; ii 2, J 
Toth. 
Kudm a. Doiezolik. K 'o ic a 
Theresa Zm onk, N 
Totn, Renee Toth, M itch e ll, T am m ie Zm ohk 
MAKO 

L U B B O C K C H R IST T H E K IN G (29) - 
C a rn e 
Mosser 25, Oppirmon 4, W usnourn. G-ovonetti. 
O Laughlin, Swenson. Bacon. Sanlin 

Halftime: 
St Jo h n * J3, C hn*! the King 14 

S H IN E R ST P A U L (14) - Charlotte Kaiser 19 barbara W agner 18. Carol Beot 14, J 
W agner J, 
Koeimtng, Tnchet, Jaiu tka 
D anlek, Sim per, Sot ka, Potek, Hartmann 

B L E S S E D S A C R A M E N T ( ) ) ) - 
Eile e n Ed m anas IS, Cm dv Rom e* 12, X 
G a rc ia A, M 
Ram os, A 
G a rc ia . Sonchez. Gonzales. G o e r!z 
Falcon 

Halftime: 
St Paul 3o, ftSA iv 

C LA SS AAA G IR L S 

D A LLA S B IS H O P LY N C H (AO) - 
L au ra Daly 
28. Lisa Ross 12. Rainey A, Collins 4, M cLean 2. 
Tot/ke 2, 
Thompson 2. W nnom s 2. Alm eida J. 
Robinson Kottwitz, Underarm * 
Adam *. Lewis. 

HOUSTON ST A G N E S (24) - Caliche Snow ll. 
Stump 9, Gnoride A, Herm es. W vhe, Gibbon*. 
Baker, Leeds. Hanson. 

Halftime 
Bishop Lynch JJ, Si Agne* IT. 

C O R PU S C H R IS T I IN C A R N A T E W O R D (7o) — 

Elizabeth Morin 17, \ 4nda Rubio 16, K aren Smith 
• 3, Suzanne Gonzales 12, Fran ce * R u ttek IO, T 
Busker 2, M 
Worm 
Besedo, M ontgom ery, 
I 
Bu lk e r, Hendricks, V illa rre a l, H ernandez 
San chez 

P R O V ID E N C E 
44) - 
Tern Nunez IV. June 
Oris* ill ll, G a rcia 9, Taylor, PadtMu, Jim enez. 
Cavatina 

Halftime: incarnate Word J/ Providence 23 

SA T U R D A Y S G A M E S 

Clo** AAA Boys — 
Central Catholic vs 
St 
Gerard s, consolation, I 3o p m,; Stroke Jesuit vs 
Nolan, championship, 9 p m 

Clos* AAA G irl* — 
St 
Agnes vs 
Providence consolation, noon. 
Lynch vt. 
Incarnate 
Word. championship, 7 p.m. 

C lo it AA Boy* — 
Christ tho King vs St Paul. consolation, IO JO a m ■ Hpaly M urphy v*. O C On nell, championship. 5:3o p m 

Clot* AA G irl* — 
Christ the King vs 
BS A 

 consolation, 9 a m , St 
Jo h n * v t st 
P a u l championthip, 4 p m 

Injury bug hits at Trinity again 

The injury bug has visited the Trin­ ity Tigers’ basketball team again. 
Reserve forward Jim Stokes suffered an ankle injury early in tlit1 first quarter of the Tigers' 1o3-H3 loss to 
Southwestern Wednesday. 
Stokes will not play in T rin ity ’s contest against Paul Quinn at 7:31) p.m. 
Saturday at Sams (’enter Gym. 

However, center Bob Hoebeke, the team ’s second-leading scorer who has been out a couple weeks with an eye injury, may be back in service. 
“ I hoping Hoebeke will be back,” said Pete Murphy, T rinity's coach. 
‘We’ve really had our share of bad luck since the season started. 
"Stokes is injured and now we have a measle epidemic going around cam ­ 

 pus That s all we need now is the m easles.” 
No less than four of Trinity's players have been sidelined at one tim e or another because of injuries this sea­ s o n 
"ll Hoebeke isn t ready for Paul 
Quinn. I guess w e’ll go with a couple of our junior varsity players. Dave Ash­ ton or Gibby Haynes.” 
Paul Quinn beat a H oebeke-less 
Trinity crew K9-87 on a last-second shot earlier this year. 
Darrell Williams and Danny Murphy will be starting at guard, the team 's leading scorer Danny Ivey will be at post, and Jeff Spillane vv iii start at the other forward spot. Bill Kilgore will assume Stokes’ responsibilities in tilt1 lineup. 

San Antonio EX P R E SS-N E W S — Saturday February 19 1977 

Clemens, Jay clash 

JIM S T O K Kl 
. . . sideline! 

 w e H O N O R 

Dealers 
For 
Ortho, 
Green 
Light, 
Dexol, 
Carl 
Pool, 
Best and 
Staffels. 

Members Of: 

Better Business Bureau 

Texas Nurserymen 
Association 

San Antonio Nurserymen 
Association 

MISSION 
NURSERIES 

Southside 

2 9 1 9 
2 COMPLETE 
M is s io n R d . 
GARDEN CENTERS 
924-3181 
TO SERVE YOU 

Northside 
1 2 8 2 3 
N a c o g d o c h e s 
655-8323 

STORE HOURS 
9:oo-6:oo 
D a ily 
Including Sunday 

FREE 
DELIVERY 

W ith , $ 2 5 .o o 
P u rc h a se O r 
M o r e In S an 
A n to n io O n ly . 

A L W A Y S FREE 
H ELP W ITH 
Y O U R P L A N T 
P R O B L E M S . 

New Stock 
FRUIT TREES 
5 Gal. Containers, large well shaped trees 

$4.98 each 

APPLE TREES 
R ed D elicious 
Y e llo w D elicious 
Su m m er C h am p ion 
W in e so p 

APRICOT 
Blenheim 
E arly G o ld e n 
M o o r Park 

PEACHCOTS TREES 

PIUMCOTS TREES 

NECTARINE TREES 
G o ld m in e 
Sunred 

FIG TREES 
Black M ission 
Brow n Turkey 
Te x a s E ve rb e arin g 

PEACH TREES 
Babcock 
Early Elberta (Kim ) 
G o ld e n Ju b ilee 
K a le M aven 
J. H. H a le 
Loring 
M e lb a 
Redskin 
Sam H ouston 
T e x a b e rta 
Frank Cling 
Indian Blood Cling 

PEAR TREES 
D ouglas 
LeConte 
O rien t 
P in ea p p le 
(Her 

BEDDING 
PLANTS 

Spring A Summer voter. 
Plants now arriving. 
Petunias, snapdragon, pansies, etc. Ind. potted. 6 plants per tray. 
69* Pm Troy 

o * trays f o r * 4 e O O 

Kelt 
M o o n g 
Borne 
[low left 

PLUM TREES 
Blue D am son Bruce 
Burbank 
M e re d ith 
O p o ta 
Satsum a 
M a rip o sa 
M e tn le y 
Santa Rosa 
W ickson 

PERSIMMON TREES 
Fuyu ...................................... 7 98 
Tomopatt ...................... 7.91 
PECAN TREES 

Beautiful new crop of straight, strong trees ready to plant 

Choose from: Choctaw, 
Mohawk, Wichita, Success, 
Desirable, 
Stuart and Burkett. 

5 t o 6 f e e t .... ' 12.95 
6 to 7 feet 
'I 6.95 

7 to 9 feet 
'I 9.95 

CITRUS TREES 
Gtm m m w 3gal tor looting kl* 

VaioHCM Orang*, 
Ponderosa Union, M*y*rt Union, 
Alg. non 
Tangent., fortune 
Tangent*, 
A U m u on Unto, Ruby 
Ret Or apair uu t 

‘ 6 . 9 8 - 
Kumquat Trees 
*7.98 

MYSTERY 
GARDENIAS 

24” tall in gal. cont. 
Super Buy at 
2 . 7 9 

PLASTIC 
Hanging Baskets 

A ll colors 

I ” site 

IO site 
*1.19 
*1.69 

Boxwood Hedge 

I Gal. Very full 
*1.79 

VA P A M 
Sod Fumigant— Kills nematodes 
CH. S lit '3 .9 8 

SPECIAL SALE 
C O M A N C H E PETUNIAS 
Single, R ed 

5 * e o . 6 f o r 5 5 ’ 

Vegetable 
Plants 
T o m a to P la n ts & 
P e p p e r P la n ts 

I 5* aa. or 6 for 6 9 * 

A s p a r a g u s P la n ts 
(8 Plants par Pkg.) or 
R h u b a rb P la n ts 
(3 Plants par Pkg.) 

S I 98 
I p e r p k g . 

DECORATIVE BARK 
High Mountain Redwood Bark, Clean Neat ground cover bark, excellent weed retarder for beds. Choose from Jumbo, 

 medium or small size. 
Giant 3 CU. ft. bag 

$ 
4 
* 
9 
Reg. $4.89 

Black 
Polyethene Bed 
Divider Kits 

 f length of divder, 3 metal S t COO one connector plug. 
I ber p a r kit 

(OWW COMM. 
UWM 
INSIUItO (M HM 

NO O I'(not* 11 ON 
WNI HOI HOS' WMW 

OO HOI M a n M H IKX sMsmimoir. 

M W ON (HI 
«uuv ww 
HAIM . U t 

Includes 2o stakes and 

BLOOMING GERANIUMS 

Our famous 4" potted plants are now blooming in dll colors and ready to sell. For the seventh straight year at the same price. 

C EACH 

OR 
9 8 * r 
6 f o r $5 . 7 5 

Garden Preparation Sale 

4 D a y s O n ly 

Planting M ix 
4o lh. 
Top Soil, Weedless. . 5o lh. 
Cow M anure 
4o lh. 
Sheep Manure 
4o lh. 
M ix o r M a tc h 

1 .3 9 ea. or 4 for $ 4 .2 5 

Cedar Bark Mulch 

2 cu. ft. Bog 
$ 2 .9 8 

Leaf Mold 
I v» cu. f t .................. 3 .9 8 

ALL SPRING 
BULBS ARE IN 

Includes: Gladiola, Dahlia, 
Begonia, 
Gloxinia, 
Cal­ adium, 
Elephant 
Ear, 
Voodoo Lily, etc. 

Our Price Can’t Be Beat 

HANGING 
BASKETS 
GALORE 

A ll K in d s in I O ” 

B a s k e ts n o w in sto ck . 
SPECIAL! 

So il 
C o n d itio n e r e Breaks up tight soil 

• Adds vital nutrition 
GRAND 
PRIZE* 

Reg. law 
Price $3.19 
SAU PRICE 
SO lh. 

 lawn, 8 Garden 
Gypsum 

$2.98 

ST Aff El'S 
DORMANT OIL SPRAY 
I* Im a sa d an aft typo* af d o* awat 

 lr* * * foe p r a v a n tM a f n o t * a n d it* 

 in ta c t* liv in g m b a r k a l t i a a * * . 

I Qt. Site 

I Gal. Site 
‘1.98 
‘5.69 

Azalea Plants 

L a rg e V a r ie t ie s 

 and Dwarf, most ail colors in heavy bud or bloom. 

I G a llo n S ize 
* 2 . 7 9 

5 G a llo n S ize 
- Z * 9 8 

C a lifo rn ia G r o w n 

36 Non-Patent Var. 
‘2.19 
22 Patented Var. 
‘3.5o „ 

All Planted In 

2 Gallon Planter 

Container. #1 

Grades. Climbers 

And Bush. 
WALNUT TREES 

Carpathian Walnut 

Thomas Black Walnut 
* 9 . 9 5 
CIW T W 

■ fradam a, Calif. Concord 
1 . 1 9 

OXY 8-8-8 

8-8 8 

I AWN f OOO 

LAWN 
FOOD 
o«y l-l-l law. 'oo* h • <ompl«t. bal.. lad l.rlilil.t tar 
(Mitral ut. on law.! at wall at (ar tract and iHrubt It halpt lo promote hoalttiiar turf end pla.lt with tlronanr mal lyttomt. 
Contam! |% tuff*? la help aromal* aroatar plant load .Mummy 
SO lh. *o( C atari 
2 OOO U ft. 
Super Sola Price 
‘3.98 

Price Per Ton.. *3.5o Par Bag 

OXY 99th “S E T 
21-o-o 

Ammonium 
Sulfate 

o >y 
9 
Sutta!* n * a it rap*. tarMiiar tar (*n*rol ut* Mi lawn!, thrubt. 
Ha wart, and (mat. lf praatatai (oil (roaa- ap far haalfhmt mar* beautiful la wet and 

CO lb. tap covert 4,OOI ta ll. af Iowa 
Super Sal* Prica 
— 
‘3.98 

Price Per Ton.. '3.5o Par Bag 

Acc o1 

' l r 
V UMN-MMCN 
> i Nicut roo* 
I 
" * * 

I no-erfim A lifjg L 
TW 11 INPBX f in n 
ISS Senator rebated awd Dot! Iran 
ORGANIC BASL 
(Over Nm Mm lei tai 
2S*» lectured) 
(ONIKINS AU TM 
FUNT 
MOO (LUMMIS 
MUOIO 
M IN H AMA a Nut .(aa 
• Aeron 
• Im, 

 a lr aa 
I iXZw"' 
SO lb la p (avert up le a SOOD 
Spurn* lear Law. 
S u M O tt w d 
N o ta l? $ o / * out a* ici 
$ 7 . 9 5 

LOOK 
AT THIS! 

Carl Pool 
Lawn Green 
1o-1o-5 

IoS Nitrogen 
I OS Phosphate 
5% Potash 
IT S Sulphur 
I 4% Iron 
SO LA lag 

Suggested Retail $8.oo 
(Lott Yaort Prica $8.79) 

Spacial M umm Mortary Price 

' 6 * 9 8 per Bag 

We Suggest SutfaSoil 

Vega!abl* Go*dan, Your lawn. shrubs 8 htas need IRON and SULPHUR ta bacoma healthy and groan 
Wo suggest that you us* 
SU LF A SOH 
42% IRON 
2o% SULPHUR pius ofhoi not* •laments 

SOM OU* PUKE 1 5 5 2 . 

SCOTTS 

TURF 

BUILDER 

’ A pair of San Antonio schools will bo bent on revenge for the 
Alamo City when they join two area squads in the ('lass AAAA 
Region IV (iirls* Basketball 
Tournament Saturday at Blos­ som Athletic (’enter. 

Opening gam e al IO a.iii pairs Aus­ tin Johnston (28-3) against Weslaco 
< 25-3) 
Then at noon, the San Antonio city c h a m p io n s h ip b a ttle u nfolds when 
Clemens (31-o) and Jay (28-2) go at ii for the second time this season. 
The two w inners m eet for the r e ­ gional cham pionship at 8 p.m ., with the titleholder then going on lo the state meet in Austin next weekend. 
The two “ o u tsid e” te am s are the ones who eliminated San Antonio clubs last year iii Indistinct when the Alamo 
Relays today 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N E W S 
HOUSTON — Pan American, Southwest Texas, and Texas A&I will be among ll team s competing iii the Houston Baptist Relays, starting at 1:3o p.m. 
Saturday. 
O ther team s p articip atin g a re Baylor. Rice. 
MeNeese (La.) State. S outhw estern Louisiana, 
L am ar, Stephen F. Austin. Sam Houston, and 
Houston Baptist 
Coach sought 

S P IC IA I TO THE EXPRESS N E W S 
KAL*LF, PASS — Fagle Pass High is accepting applications for the job of head football coach and athletic director. 
Applicants have until Mar 4 to contact Flias Rara or Dan Bustamante at the school by writing 2o2o 2nd 
St.. Fagle P ass. 78852. or by calling 1-773-HHU. 
Tigers play 2 

Trinity's baseball team seeks its initial win of the season in a doubleheader against the Southwestern 
Pirates, starting at 1:3o p.m. at Stevens Field. 
Pat Walsh (o-o) and Darrell Dulling (o-1) or 
Robert Ahrens (o-o) will pitch for the Tigers, who are winless in three gam es 

T e x a s w in s 2 

AUSTIN (AP) — Charles Proske muscled across seven runs in two gam es as Texas clinched a college baseball doubleheader 3-1 and IH I against Texas 
Wesleyan in season openers for both schools. 

City had only two ( lass AAAA districts instead of four. 
Johnston rippl'd Judson. 57-33, alth­ ough this time tin' Rams had to fight for th e ir lives to su rv iv e b id is trict play. just nipping Port Lavaca. 54 53 
Johnston is paced by Katie Fisher. who is averaging 25 points a gam e, and 
My ra Hargis, who has a 2o-point mean. 
Weslaco edged H olm es last year. 
58-57. but. in the reverse pattern of 
Johnston, had an easier time this year in Indistinct with a 84-49 win over Cor­ pus < 'bristi Carroll 
The Rio (b an d e Valley club is led In 

 forwards Shirley Brinson, who poured in 35 points against Carroll, and Shar­ on Fuller, who added 25 
Clemens and Jay have met once be­ fore. back on Der. 3 in the Southwest 
Tournament sem ifinals and Clemens handl'd a 9-o Jay team a 78-Ha setback 
The Mustangs rebounded, though, to win If» s tr a ig h t b efo re losing to 
Fdgevvood, 15-14. late in the district season. 

However, they breezed through the playoff gam e. 49-3o. for th e ir third lopsided win over the Raiderettes. 

Three for $159. 

' I i i i m i i i n i i i i D ■ * ■ < ' ■ 
« I .I Br>,lrr>I Ii lith I l l I UHR mg** mmmmmmmmm 
Hoi I 

.................. i)ii iai iriininiaa| mm 

Wall units priced unbelievably right Com plete throe unit group as shown is S15U Each ready to assem ble unit is 12’ deep. 3o” wide. 72 " high. and may be purchased separately 
Sixteen inch depth, extra shelves, and another m odel ottered at slightly higher prices 
Vinyl clad finishes are white, chocolate brown, walnut, light or dark butcher block F in ­ ished natural elm veneer wood units are also available Master Charge, BankAm ericard or revolving chargn plan. storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) (el 341-2281 

__ 

 a l l PRICES 
I-5— 
— 
9( 

« o u « ° f e y 
I B ' 
T O 2 o % O N l l LAST! 
SONY____ 
S S P i o o T r w i 

„ T V S T O C K ! 

COLOR 
CONSOLI 

H u r r y for a & e a ' boy on a 

 g r e a t 

CLOSEOUT 
J § ^ * * 3-O o o it 
HS 

 sr 

ROA 
X L - 1 o o 
2 5 ” 

, o ° * 
" - o 
^ o o 
; , o o o * 51 

 r - D A Y M r ^ r 5 ? ° 

COLOR/ 2 HUG£MiATl eePi* * tvi I & S 9 9 95 

Turf B u ild er P rie st 
MOO hi It. Rag. $3.98 . . . 3 . 4 9 

4ooo tg. lf. Reg. 1o.9$ . . . 9 . 9 3 
9ooo 
H Bag 15.9$. 
1 2 . 9 3 

WIRE BASKETS 
• ” 
...........................9 B 4 
I O ” 
...................... 1 . 1 9 
1 2 ” 
...................... 1 . 2 9 
1 4 ” 
...................... 1 . 6 9 
1 6 ” 
...................... 1 . 8 9 

Sphagnum Mott 
4 q t. s iz e 
1 . 4 9 

I 2 q t. t iz e . . . 4 . 1 9 
— 1 6 MB1 6 ' 
PLANTS 
6 v a r i e t i e s , 2 ” p e t s 
*3.98 

| ONE-OF^A-KINDS# REPOS • CLOSEOUTS • BARGAINS 
| 

FRIGIDAIRE 
EYE-LEVEL 
SELF-CLEAN 
RANGE 
549” 

I -O N LY - 6 m . 

FRIGIDAIRE 
IMPERIAL 
MOBILE 
DISHWASHER 
27995 

I ONLY, Harvest 

SLIGHT DMGE. 
FRIGIDAIRE 
DRYER 
W / PRESS SAVER 
269” 

ONI ONLY 

HARVEST 
I 5 CU. FT. 

REFRIGERATOR 
399” 

ONI ONLY 

3 -O N L Y • TR ASH I 

COMPACTORS 
FRIGIDAHtE 
DIMOS 
*179” 
FROM 
M W W 

D 

,D. 

WAREHOUSE 
-SHOWROOM 

7 1 2 3 
SAN PEDRO 

S S E . 

P o g e 
6 - D 

P E A N U T S 

And so his life ended. 

SAN A N TO N IO EXPRESS -Saturday February 19 I 977 
MUTT and JEFF 

IT t o o k : m e TWO W'EARS 
TO WRITE THIS BIOGRAPHY... 

IT'S A 6 o o o THING I'M 
FINISHED BECAUSE IV E 
FORGOTTEN WHO I WAS 
W RITING A B O U T ' 

^ 

MUTT. 
A TEN 
FORA 

L E T ME HAVE 
DOLLAR BILL 
M IN U T E! 

W INNIE WlfcHf I F 

* I DONT KNOW WHAT KIND OF 
PROBLEMS THE PREVIOUS 
OWNER HAD HERE/ p-Tr-"yHATS WHY 
BUT HE'S M O S T 
ANXIOUS TO OET 
RID OF IT I 

P P E C /3 E L Y / HE LEFT VYES-ON A LONG 
DETAILS COMPLETELY 
I TERAA LEASE 
UP TO ME J YOU 

'm/iatosea 

HE GAVE YOU 
POWER OF 
ATTORNEY/ 
E H ? 

IM READING ) S ' 
GIMPELS IS HAVING 
SOMETHING J J WHAT?J 
A SALE ON 
/ SO? 
Ai WOMENS H A TS/ 

 lf 

1 1l^vrnrrTTii I hi 
I \ W < •pvr.cl.l 1977 
1 firS d. Reaunmt 
Ail World HtghtoHewrved 
G II THORPE 

^ A S O U N C E P A S S P R O M F E N T O N ! 
T O T IP P E T ...- H E H I T S . . . M IL F O R D 

L E A D S M E W T H A Y E R 6 
/ 1 2 .r m v, — m m 

IV CAPP 
---------- 
‘ERE I A M , 
PET, NICE 
AN' EARLY 
AN 1 SOBER- 

 iXJSfrS: 
VKS^Ss 

F IR S T B B A N l A N D N O W f E N T O N ! 

L O O K S U K E C O A C H T H O R P H A S 

P U L L E D A N O T H E R R A B B IT O U T 

T H E H A T M A R T y / ^ i £ V y 

ON STAGE 

JUDGE PARKER 

/ LUNCM w ,LL just cost It'll be b ac k Y you have an "do you k n o w a n yo n e Y ca r la danT * 
I'M SORRY TO BE }/ YOU THAT MUCH MORE,--------------------- 
------------------------------------------------------- 
LATE, ABBEY / 
COUNSELOR/ I'M 
RAVENOUS/ 

.AftOUT THREE, . APPOINTMENT 
GLORIA/ r— A AT THREE/ 
BY THE NAME OF CARLA) 
YES/ THAT'S 
PANE ? SHE SAID r-----rVUDGE PARKER'S 
IMPORTANT / 
\ NEW SECRETARY... 
THAT SHE TALK / 
_ 
T i V ~ 

RED EYE 

B.C. 

A NI C B FLAT PLACE 

^ f e ­ 

 r n 

CSsAiHG, IN I, J O H N eet Your-' rear 
K_______ n 
I Think ive g o t" i t nom, 

THS B R O W N 

A P E A G A R E T H E l a n d . 

—c 

Uk&?* 

 fimntttmm**--m rn- 
THE WIZARD OF ID 
7 1 

T IP S >t?U K I P P I N G / f O 
T H E S E W IN G S W i l l 
J 
RE 
R A N C ID B Y 
/ 
H<DN T H 7 
> 

 v — 

...IN THAT 
| V 
C 4se7 i t I $ net x r Y e a r 

Diary, wily re s my lite become such a tangled web o f s tr ife and 

Why d o es my Q u est fo r lo ve-- f o r -true f u l f i l m e n t * " always result rn torment a n d t e a r s r 

WMT, ou why, pc? I FggL l lure a ) 
Vt SCX ATB Pf TOUB OU TUB 
POUR-LANC HIGHWAY C>P LIFE 

 fe g H I 
KELLEY 

HELLO... 
BARON 
V O N 
SCHOTZ IE 
ISS DER 
N A M E 
V 

Y E A H 

/ . 

VELL, SO 
L O N * ... 
IT VAS 
M IZE. 
M E E T IN K 
Y O U 

V 

THE FAMILY CIRCUS 

T M IN W O R SE 
M Y H A L L U C IN A T IO N S 
SHAPE T H F \N 
ARE S T A R T IN G T O 
I T H O U G H T 
T A L K W IT H A N v. 
* 
A C C E N T 

 v V _ 

* 
* J ’ t x 

Y T rfT^T 

^ 
_________ 

Billy tried to take my hula hoop away from me. 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 

 a c r o s s 

I Added whiskey to 
6 State 
1o Armadillo t 4 Love to a signorina 
I b Nick 
Charles write 
16 Lion feature 
17 OI sound quality 
18 Glacier fissures 
2o Sibilant sound 
21 Stretches one's neck 
22 Make lace by hand 
2 3 
Mater 
Mother earth 
2S Solutions to problems 
27 Jerry and 
Candlestick perks 
3o Visit socially 
31 Corn on the 

32 Himalayan country 
34 Assignments 
38 Is unwell 
4o Dogma 
42 Former 
Korean statesman 
43 Lose vitsl fluid 
45 The com­ mon people 
4 7 Hematite 
48 Skill 
5o Hangman a 

 noose 2 words 
52 Parvenu 
56 Ethiopian 
VIP . 
57 Irishman's nickname 
58 Depicts vividly with words 
6o Skin irnta lion 
63 Dry food tor livestock 
65 Roman gar­ ment 
66 Sicily sight 
67 Survey for a crime 
68 Danger 
69 Canadian whiskies 
7o In addition 
71 Skillful 

DOWN 

1 Plaster backing 
2 Mine 
French 2 words 
3 Policeman 
4 Murdered 
Sis ng 
5 —- Monte. 
Calif 
6 Having lots of room 
I Th# Pen tateuch 
Vet 
8 Boston Gar - dens 
9 Pisces of refuge 
1o Mornings 
Informal 

F dday a Purr ie Solved 
Might as well make it a DOUBLE bath. J o e y was hidin’ in 

 the same garbage can." 

1 1 Sweet doughy candy 
12 Lend 
” 
13 Musical symbols 
19 Resource 
21 Condiment container 
24 Japanese coin 
26 Impair by long use 
27 Crust on a wound 
28 Work strenuously 
29 More reasoned 
33 Citrus source 2 words 
35 Bootery 2 words 
36 California river 
37 Fertilized plant ovule 
39 Center of authority r 

41 Drinks alcohol ex- ceaarvefy 
44 Curtain 
46 Portion 
Abbr. 
49 Cataleptic state 
St Pleased 
52 H ille r rn place 
53 Conaervatives or Demo­ crats 
54 14 pounds m Britain 
55 Kind of basin 
59 Ending with idle end lawless 
61 Brisk place 
Informal 
62 Com eloa slop 
64 Blood vessel 
Praha 
65 Mineral spring ny 

ACROSS 

I Downcast 
4 Mess 
8 Jupiter 
12 School orgam ration (abbr) 
13 Emerald Isle 
14 Enthusiasm 
15 Baseball player Mel 

16 Woman s name 
17 Joke 
18 Actress Weld 
2o Hearty relish 
2 I Dry as w>ne 
22 Go astray 
23 Actor Ferrer 
26 Reach out 
3o Utility 
31 Traveler s home 
33 Stage of history 
34 That girt 
35 leaves stage 
36 Egg drink 
37 More delicious 
39 Snakes 

4o Vase with a pedestal 
4 I Droop 
43 Assists 
46 Good 
5o indian tribe 
51 John (Sp ) 
52 Exclamation of disgust 
53 Coffee grinder 
54 To be (Fr) 
55 Feather scarf 
56 Outer (prefix) 
5 7 Ballerina s strong [Joints 
58 Do wrong 

DOW N 

1 Blot 
2 Aleutian island 
3 Engagement 
4 Stone with crystals 
5 Flower 
6 Wild party 
7 Legume 
8 lacking maturity 
9 Cheers (Sp) 
1o Immense 
11 Within (pre!) 

Answer to Previous Puzzle mn 

38 Gum tree 
39 Become mature 
41 Deadfall 
42 C o p p e re d s wife 

19 Compass point 
2o Female children 
22 Delete s opposite 
23 Fair 
. . 
24 Safety agency * ] " ed W '" * " ' 
(abbr) 
44 Actor Blore 
25 Watches 
45 Me,fV tune 
26 Stimulate 
4® ^ ar 
27 Half scores 
47 lubricant for 
28 Farm product short 
29 Old women 
48 Opera prince 
31 Inheritors 
49 Sear 
32 Draft animals 51 Fast plane 

 i 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
IO l l 

12 
13 
14 

15 
16 rn 

17 

18 
19 
■ 

2o 

21 
» 

23 
24 
25 r n 

26 
27 
28 
29 

3o 
I 

 m 
31 
32 
I 

33 

34 
35 
36 

37 
■mn 
3 . 

4o 
■ 

41 
42 

43 
44 
45 
4b 
47 
48 
49 

5o 
51 
52 

53 
54 
55 

56 
57 

A llergies develop polyps 

Dear Dr. Thostesnn: Iii a recent physical the physician — after what I thought was some considerable poking around — located a “very sm all" hernia in the groin. He said it was as yet too small to be concerned about.. Is surgery inevitable for every her­ nia. or is it possible to check or contain the enlargement? 
What recommendations do you have? I am 5o. and my occupation does not require much physical ex­ ertion — Mr. H H 
Surgery is not inevitable for every hernia, even though it may not be­ come smaller or disap­ pear. Nor will the hernia inevitably become larger. 
Your doctor can show you how to check its program by yourself. It involves putting a finger over the area and giving a slight cough. You may or may not feel the im­ pulse of the hernia if it is quite small. But you will if it becomes larger. 
Since your work is not strenuous, you will have to be even more careful about unaccustom ed heavy lifting The hernia should be checked by your doctor at least once a year. or if you detect a bulge. 
Allergies 
Dear Dr Thosteson: Send me your booklet on sinus trouble, and while you're at it tell me, please, how allergies are involved in nasal polyps. — .I VV. 
A person with a tendency to allergies develops nasal polyps more readily than does the non-allergic person The reason is that it takes very little irrita­ tion of nasal tissue to set the stage for growth of the polyps, and a mild allergy can do it. I have seen polyps develop into large clusters of tiny growths, rather like a bunch of grapes. One can usually tell whether the polyps are allergy-related by measuring the amount of eosinophils in the nasal mucus. It will be higher in allergic persons. Eosinophils are spe­ cial kinds of white blood cells that show up in certain staining material 
Dear Dr Thosteson: Can you tell me anything about the “blind loop syndrome” ? — H D. 
It is a disorder of the small intestine that results in 
.1 nutritional deficiency. It is not a common problem 
The term “ blind loop." while commonly used, is not entirely correct. The problem is a kind of stag­ nation in a portion of the small intestine caused by the presence of outpourings, as in diverticulosis. 
Or it may also result from intestinal surgery. Bac­ teria multiply in the area and compete for tiller own nutrition, particularly for vitamin B-12. A deficiency of B-12 in the follows. 
Other symptoms are diarrhea, abdominal pain and weight loss. 
Treatment includes injection of vitamin B-12. But surgery to correct the structural problem offers the only permanent cure. 

“ Yoo Can Stop Sings Troub le!" is the title o f D r Thosteson s booklet, explaining w hat sinus trouble really is and w hat can be 

 done abou* it. For a copy write to him in care o f this new spaper, enclosing a long, self-addressed, stam ped envelope and 3 5 cents 

 oar 
Health 
By George C. 
ThostesoivJH.D. 

■ 
M 
A 
A 
A 
M 
WORDY 
CURDY 

Every w ohdy Gimpy answ er is a rhym ing pair of w ords ( like True Blue. 
Plain Jane, and H nm pty D um pty I 
Read the definition, then think of tw o rhym ing words that will fit in the letter squares The num ber after the definition tells you how m any syllables in each 
BY T R IC K Y R IC K Y word of the rhym ing pair. 

I Blank* t rd < rnnsoii roses 111 
I I ■ 111 
- M rrrts o x id atio n 111 
I I !_ ■ n 
I. Veil. NY M i n t ! 111 
.......................■ M i l l 

I h an k s arui s III u . 
M rs. M s m a Baker of D allas I X lot 
■ 7 St ud s o u r i m rs lo this in st shaper. 

 f Sm ells an im a l |jiH sm aller 11) i i i I I ■ i i T m 
S. tobacco users s. lid .arris (2l 
I I I I I I I ■ ti I a lk a lis! t s r r R ead s ( l l 
I I I I I I I I 

I I I I I I 
■ i r n i i 
7. Befuddled gam e bird Cit 
I I I l l I I I ■ T T H 
FT "I ‘ 

IMI I s tt* ft IM U s I M k m I IYH VK 11 iv ll I t s m t R l l s * fVUK s xiv m u x i s m s i it** « h % r n * * t x i h «x it 
«t im <i rn 

JEANE DIXON’S 
HOROSCOPE 

FUR SUNDAY 

A our Birthdav Sunday: 
Your entire year spar­ klet* with umpiring new improvements over the past. Some are surprises, others the product of hard work, seizing tran­ sient opportunity. This is simply a bridge to a more advanced way of life, not a perm anent phase. Accept the chal­ lenge: move up. R ela­ tionships change, not all last Today's natives are original thinkers, stir up debate. Those born this year will be philosophic, have the suavity of na­ tural diplomats, may be entertainers 

ARISS (M a r l l A ir 
ISI 
People ore reasonably cooper a rive Just don I ask tor too mgcn or uny p e rm a n e n t a r r a n cem ents 
You re tre e to nave your own opinions go your own way 
TAURUS (Apr, WI May WO 
Select com panions well. Avoid 
Prose who dram your ewer av or run in noisy circles With people ot similar tastes, set a tiro* b a c k g ro u n d for f u tu r e e n ­ counters 
GS M IN I (May II June IO) 
Plans tor coming m onths toke form sp o n tan eo u sly 
All you nave to do is lot low up natural trends, adopt popular sugges lions snare a good show or o concert 
CANC AR I June l l July I I ) : yymie dealing witn local Sunday customs, do what you can to get 

 next week s business operations on the rood A rush tor time coils tor accuracy in each detail. 
LEO (July I I Aug I I I : 
Pur sud of learning c arrie s greot potential rew ard beyond the so tistoction ot knowing something new 
S ocial c o n n e c tio n s a re more important than usual 
VIRGO (Aug I I Sept It ) : No m atter how great your hobits, get out. take a look at the un familiar Meet people at different views m peaceful exch an g es 
Tonight plot tomorrow s moves 
LIBRA (Sept 
I ) Oct. I I ) : 
With minor odiustm ents, you con pick up a new line of action attract support and the return of strayed asso ciates 
Enioy the 
Benefits of group enthusiasm 
SCORPIO (O d 
11-Noe 
I I ) : 
Do a good lob d you must work 
It not. find a coherent way to a d v an c e y o u r own p ro te c ts 
E arning recognition, approval will be the hardest effort put in lately 
S A G IT T A R IU S (Nae. I I Dec l l ) : 
Any loosely sch e d u le d program is tine if you don t need to finance it. Going out, leave word where to be reached News b re a k s , you w ont to know promptly 
C A P R IC O R N (D ec l l Jan 
I*) 
See what your crowd is doing ae eligible to go along without fuss 
New inform ation coming in is so stru c tu re d it opens the door for long range or gun,/piton 
AQUARIUS (Jon M Pe* ll) help out where asked Don t h ts 
•♦ale lo promote your ventures 
P rese n t your and colleagues achievem ents im partially 
Feet assured yours com pare tavora 
My 
PISCES (Ped 
I* M ar 
M i 
Accept ail aid offered without undue d e m a n d s or e x p en se 
Chances of getting into o better spat are excellent, soc tony es wen os career wise Be an you* ieee I 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S -S a tu rd a y February 19 19 7 7 

To hove your problem strived o r a ques­ tions answered* w rite Action-Express,, PJP. 
Bo.* 2171, San A ntonio, TX 7H2*)7. 

Barking dogs 

Can you tell me if it is possible to file "disturbing tho peace” charges, or some such, against a neighbor because of a barking dog? 
The dog is con tim'd in my neighbors’ yard aud does not run loose. However, it picks the corner of their yard which is almost directly under our bedroom window as the place to do its I larking. 
That eorner is by my neighbors’ garage so they apparently don’t hear it. At least we have never sivu 
{anyone come out to investigate why the dog is barking. 
In addition to the barking, the dog has been trained to t>e quite vicious. I am even afraid to mow the lawn along the fence we share I once hired a boy to do that mowing and the dog jumped up on the fence and started clawing at him. 
I would hate to count the hours of sleep we lose because of that dog. but I cannot talk to my neighbors about it. 
When they moved in. they made it very clear that they wanted absolutely nothing to do with any of the neighbors We have tried to stay away as far as possible. 
Do we have any recourse in a situation like this-’ I don’t know that you can do anything, but I didn’t know where else to go for help. 
Sleepless neighbor 

\ spokesman from Ihe 
San Antonio Pollee De­ partment said the only legal action you could take would be to file a complaint in corporation court with the eomplainl elerk. 
C orporation eourt is on the first floor of the 
Police Department. 211 
YI. Nuevo St. 
The ease will he put on 

 the doeket at one of the municipal courts and both parties, the plaintiff and defendant, will he notified when they should come in and testify. 
Before you file a com­ plaint. yon have to know who the owner of the dog is. The pollee department has to have another party to serve the complaint on. 

N e w s e l l o u i 

Help! We live in t Ii*' Mort un-Son th west develop­ ment of Valley Forge, inst off O’Conner Road. 
Our elementary school children are bust'd « 9 miles (from my house) to Wilshire Elementary 
School. A new North East Independent School 
District school is going to be built 2.25 miles away in tin* Woodstone development. 
We have been told that it will be completed in 
August 1878. 
However, rumor has it that there will be enough children to fill the school without the Valley Forge children 
Could you find out what is really planned and tell me how I can find out for myself and other parents lust what is being planned for our children? . 
We are very happy with the teachers our children have al Wilshire. The principal is great and our bus driver (No. 12H) is super. 
But we would like our children to have a school closer to home. 
Mrs. K. II. P. 

Ed West, NEIS!) depu­ ty superintendent, said no boundaries had been established lur atten­ dance at the new ele ­ mentary school. 
“ We have bought the site. retained arehiteets and are drawing up the plans now.” West said 
“The school will open in September 1878.” 

“ I can ’t say at this time which subdivisions will be included In the school’s area. YVe won’t make boundary deter­ minations for a few months,” West said. lf you would like lo contact NEISH for addi­ tional information about the school, call them at 
Sii 42 Hi 

Dating service 

On Jan 8, I sent a local dating service $2o For this amount, I was supposed to have been invited to several parties and meet at least five |>cople. 
I waited until Feb 8 and nothing happened 
I wrote the man at tin* company lo complain about this 
Ile called me when he got my letter and started talking smart, so I just told hun I wanted my $2o hack and hung up 
I have not gotten my money hack yet. I can I afford to just give him 12o. 
Is there some way to make him return my money since he did not do wha! his ad said he would do? 
I am a widow and on a very small income. I think he should be made to return my money. 
M. V. 

A cheek for $2o has been mailed to you from the dating service. 
The manager said the ad did not say there would he any parties. The ad promises — guar­ antees — you will be sent five names over a six- month period. 
“It lakes a while to find compatible dates for the applicants.” the man­ ager said. “ She just didn't give us enough lime.” 
“ When we can get a country club built, we will have parties. Hut right now we just reier them to each other. We don’t conduct anything,” 

 he said. 
Ile said he was going to tell you be would refund your money when you hung up on him. so he decided to keep the $211 until the end of six months, as the contract specified. 
The service’s policy is to automatically refund 
Ihe $2# at the end ol six months if the applicant Is not given any names, 
Each name easts $4. lf less than five names are submitted to you, the ba­ lance el the $2$ will be returned. 
However, he will re­ turn your money lo you now. 

S h ellfish bill filed 

Al SHN (AP) - Rep 
Henry Alice, D-Houston, introduced a hill Friday that would hike the cri­ minal penalties for per­ sons convicted of selling shellfish taken from pol­ luted water. 

Alice s p r o p o s a l, prompted by reports that persons were taking ami selling OS stet s I rom poi 

 luted areas of Galveston 
Bay, would also allow those injured as a result 
’of polluted shellfish to sue for double damages, 
The maximum penalty for the crime presently is a I intl fine, but the mea­ sure would increase that to a maximum 
$1 tutti fine and a possible 
I Mil-day jail term, Alice 
Nod. 

The POW ER of FAITH 

BY 
W O O D I ISH M A EL 

THE SATURDAY 

E X P R E S S - N E W 
S ----- 
RELIGION 

T H E B I B L E 

No. 279. Joel 

The prophet Joel, son of Pethuel, described in vivid images the plague of locusts, and he encouraged the people to repent and to turn to fasting and prayer. 
“For a nation is come up upon my land, strong, and without number, whose teeth are the teeth of a lion, and he hath the cheek teeth of a great lion He hath laid my vine waste, and barked my fig tree: he hath made it clean bare, and cast it away, the branches thereof are made white ” (Joel 1:6-7) 
"Sanctify ye a fast, call a solemn assembly; gather the elders, and call the inhabitants of the land, into the house of the Lord your God, and cry unto the Lord Alas tor the day' for the day of the Lord is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come " (Joel 1:14-15) 

A Special 
In v itatio n 
To A tten d 
Church From 

Baptist 
Churches 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

L OOO I ] — I mile 
North of Highway VIE 
E ct J l i l t 

Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza 
Finance Co. 
IO) S Flores St 
C A6 .MHI 
Bexar County 
National Bank 
Mem ber F O I C. 

Jell-Craft 
Punch Bases 

M anufactured av Blue Bon rn* t 
Potato ( bio Company 

Assembly 

C H U RC H OF 
C A S T L E H I L L S 

3*4 Role to 

O '* M ile * West ot Central Park 
M a ll on Lotto 41o) 
142 4239 

Pastor John Moqi;r 
Sunday St hoot 
9 JO A W 
Mottling Wot ship 
IO JA A M 
Evening W orship 
6 OO p M 

W ednesday 
City Wide Bible Study & 
Youth Service 
7 <o P Vt 
Nursery provided at ait set v ire s 
The Church You ve Been 
Cooking For 

G O S P E L 
A S S E M B L Y 
P astor M W H a re lip 
413 C a talina 
Just oft H ild e b t and & IM IO 
W o rs h ip a n d B ib le F e llo w s h ip 
1o oo A M 
W orship Senoav Eve. / OO p rn 
Wednesday Bible Study 7 JO p rn 
The C h urch W ith T ru th T o r ll s 
H e a rt 

Assembly of God 

F IR S T 
A S S E M B L Y 
OF GOD 

• M S C M ilitary Dr 

(Betw een Roosevelt and Flores) 

R ev Goy Robison. Pastor 
Phone. 932 T M I—*24 I M3 

SU N D A Y 
S E R V IC E 
Sunda. 
School — 9' 45 a ITI 
Worship 
IO 4s a m 
Junior Church Serv ices in A uditory Auditorium tor 
Children of ail ages — 
Youth 
Meetings 
— 
Evangelistic 
Service' 

EASTSIDE PRIMITIVE 
BAPTIST CHURCH 

17o4 W Hem Rd 
Phone 133 243o 

Pastor 
Eld er (D r ) J P Dale Jr. 

Services 
>ND S A T U R D A Y N IG H T / SOHM 
.’NO Sunday IO IO A M 
ITH Sunday IO IO A M 

P R I M I T I V E 
B A P T IS T 
CH U RC H 
4o3 Walton Ave 

Meets 1st 
2nd and 4tn Sundays at IO IO A M 
For information call 
OOI 7o58 atter 6 OO P M 

Southern Baptist 

C A S T L E H IL L S 
F IR S T B A P T IS T 
C H U RC H 

222o N W M ilitary Hwy 
Blanco emf oft Coop 41o 
Proclaim ing the Abundant 

Life in Christ ’ 
Of George H H arris, Pastor 

Jam es H, Ennis, 
Associate Pasta* 

M alcolm A Groomer, 
Minister ol M usk 

Ed R Human. 

I ield E vongehst 

Irving Cook 

Education Director 

Helen Code 
Church Visitor 
Sunday Schools <9 JO ll OO a rn I 
Morning W oiship Services (V. JO 
A l l OO o rn 
Evening Worship Service (3 OO p ro I 
Christian Training Moor lo OO 
P rn ) 
Wednesday P ra ye r S e rv ic e ! 7 I i 

 p m ) 

N ursery open for all services 

 a ni a rn 
/ ck p rn 
W E D N E S D A Y 
Bible Services tended 
Nurse services. 

Occur 
I JO 
I opei 

OAK M E A D O W 
A S S E M B L Y OF 
GOD 

2714 Hunters Greer* 
( N W S A ) 
Phone 493 2111 
Rev Jock Robertson. Pastor 
Sundov Services 
Sunday School—* b o m 
Morning Worship - IO ( l i m 
Brats* Rally—7 M o m 
Wed Family night 3 JO p rn 
N U R S E R Y 
P R O V ID E D 
FOR 
* A EE SE R V IC E S 
A CHURCH OF DESTINY 
G LA D TID ING 
A S S E M B L Y 
OF GOD 
2141 Se w W White Rd t oop ll) 

Jam es M Brothers. Pastor wayne Vat) Assistant Pastor 
Sunday 
Serviette 
Sunday School 9 t i a m ta I? GO aport New Corn eat in C h ,istion Education Morning 
Worship IO SO c rn 
Youth Sec v 

IC* 4 (XI p RI 
Evangelistic Very 
U t / Ut) P rn. Wednesday Serv it e Bib)* Study. 7 JO p in Royal 
Monger* ana 
M issioned* 
7 JO 

 p rn Nursery attendant po duty of each service 
(Aov C ar* and Kindergarten 
A Im * growing sp.mgut (B uret with a vision 

C R E S T V I E W 
B A P T IS T 
C H U RC H 

Woden* at E ogiecrest—4 Ji 7451 

( I Mile Eost of 

Roosevelt High School) 
Corry I Jones, Pastor 

Don E Kibbe. 
Associate Pastor 

Sam Moore, Music Director 

9 4*> a rn B ible Study tor ah ages ll OU a rn Worship Service 
4 oo p m Sunday night P lo t e 
7 OO p rn E v e n in g W orship Serv 

3 OO 
P rn 
Wednesday 
Prayer 
S ervice 
N u rse ry open tor all services 

Visitors welcome 

"Com e Grow With U s" 

E I S E N H A U E R 
ROAD B A P T IS T 

 l* i« Eisenhower Road 
Phil Jewett, Minister of Music 

 and Youth 

"Sunday School — 9 IO a rn M orn mg W orsh ip— IO 4S a rn , C hurch 
T ra in in g — 4 OO p m , Eve n in g 
W orship — 
7 oo p m ., 
M ission 
O rg anizations — 6 JO p rn 
Wed nesdav 
M id w e e k P ro v e r Serv ice - 7 I i p m ., Or (Kit-J C hoirs, k in d e rg a rte n , 
B us 
M in is try , 
N ursery provided. 

L A C K L A N D 
B A P T IS T 
CH URCH 
V I I Frontier Or. 
434 23o2 

Jam es O Todd. Pastor 
Stephen Heather 
Minister et Education 
Jim m y Murdock. 
Music A Youth Director 
Sunday Services t JU a rn First Warship Service v JO a m Sunday Sc hoot 
11 OO a rn Second Wor ship Set v 

4 oo p rn. Youth Charr 
5 45 a m Church Training 
7 OO p m 
E venm g 
W orship 
Service 
Wednesday Services a JO p rn 
Teachers A O fficer*' 
Meeting Ac teens Girts rn Action 
R A S A P re School Chair 
7 JO p m 
M>d 
Week 
P ra y e r 
Service 

(N U R St R Y O P E N FO R A L E 
SE R Y ICE S) 

G R A O E D C H O IR S 
<September 

 th ,augh April) tu e s d a y 
— 
I UU 4 UU p m . 
(G rades IU ) 
Wednesday 
* 
J , O BJ AS p m 

(G rades I it 

M A N O R 
B A P T IS T 
C H U RC H 

Manor Dr at Meredith 

(2 blocks west of 

Jefferson High School) 

Or. Nathan L Stone, 
Pastor 

Dr Pretties* Ferre ll 

Associate Pastor/ 

Christian Education 

M r Lee Mares!*. 
M inister of Music 

Miss Dione Hart. 
Minister ot Youth A Recreation 
9 SO a rn Sunday School 
IO SO a rn Morning worship 
Se rm o n by P a s to r N a th a n L 
Stone. "T h e M ystery of Sin." 
4 OO p m Evening Worship 
Se rm o n by P a s to r N a th a n L 
Stone. "When God Ordains. One 
Pastor'* Confession " 

/ p m Wednesday Service 
Supervised nursery to all serv 

F IR S T B A P T IS T 
C H U RC H 
SIS McCullough 
"Only Minutes Away by Expressway 
Dr Jimmy R Allen. Pastor 
Sunday Services 
9 JO a rn Sunday School ll OO a rn Morning Worship 
4 oo p m Church Training 
I OS p rn Evening Worship 
7 IS o rn Wednesday mid week 
-.ervice (Broad cast over K K Y X 
Radio ond kS A T 
(C harnel 
I?, 
11 OO a rn Sunday I 

N O R T H E A S T 
B A P T IS T 
C H U RC H 

291o Bitters R ood-tie72 1 S 

W M Long—Pastor 

Rex Shannon—Education 

Clift H arden—M usic/Youth 

SU N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
9 JO a rn Bible Study (All ages) 
1o SO a rn Worship 
4 JO p rn Youth Choir 
4 (W p m Christian Training 
4 OO o rn Elem entary Choirs 
7 OO p rn Evening Worship 
W E D N E S D A Y S C H E D U L E a OO p ii* M issionary O raam/a lions 
7 W p m Mid Week Service 
• 7opm Adult Choir 

N U R S E R Y 
O P E N 
A E L 
S E R V 
IC E S 
W I I K O A Y 
K IN D E R 
D A R IE N P R O G R A M 

N O R T H R ID G E 
P A R K B A P T IS T 
C H U RC H 
Chevy Chase A Eisenhauer Rd. 
TA4oSJ* 
James M Retd. Pastor 
9 JO o m 
Sunday School tor oil ages 
1o SS a rn 
M orning 
Worship 
Service 
4 OO p rn 
Church in training, 7 p m Evening Worship Service 
7 JO p rn 
Wednesday. 
P ra ye r 
Service 
Nursery open for oil services 
Visitors welcome 

S H E A R E R H IL L S 
B A P T IS T 
C H U RC H 

M I O B LA T E 
D r. C hort** J. 
Wisdom 
Pastor 
Philtre Sitton 
M inister et Music nd Administration 
John M (M a rty ) 
Brown 
'M in ister at Youth 
SU N D A Y 
9 JO Bible Study 
1o 4o Morning Worship 
4 OO Mem bers in Training. 
7 OO Evening Worship. 
W E D N E S D A Y 
4 JO P rn Supper 
7 JO D rn Bible Study 
7 JO p m 
Sanctuary 
Choir 
Rehearsal 

P A R K H I L L S 
B A P T IS T 

14* I * Van P e a rt Avg 
Dr Jean A a ,bee. Pastor 
Sid W Mill*gun education 
Lloyd G arcia, Choir Master 

Sam lew der. M inister el Yogin g a ris h * Looper. M ush A You hi 
9 JO A M SU N D A Y SCHO O L 
IO JO A M W O R S H IP SE R V t C f 
1:44 P M 
C H R IS T IA N T R A IN ­ 
IN G 
4 4 S P M E V E N IN G S E R V IC E 
7 J U P M W E D N E S D A Y P R A Y ­ 
E R S E R V IC E 
Supervised nursery at ad very 
KOS 

T R IN IT Y 
B A P T IS T 
CH U RC H 
J I* E M ulberry 

Dr Buckner Fanning. Pastor 

Rev. R F. (Bo b ) Wideman, 

Associate Pastor 

Rey. Tommy Lyons, 

M inister ot Music 

Rev Don McLendon. 
M inister of Education 
Rev Danny M urray, 

M inister of Youth 
M r Ben Freem an, 

Minister of Activities 

M rs Sandra Rester, Director of 

Special Outreach Ministries 

M rs Darlene Rogers, 
P re school Director 

M r J W Fortner, 

Business Administrator 
SU N D A Y 
9 .1o 
AM -Sundov 
School, ll OO AM- Worship Service. 4 OO 
PM -Christian 
Education, 
7 OO 
P M - Worship Service 
W E D N E S D A Y 4 IS D rn — P ra y er Service 
7 IS p m 
Choir 
Practice 
Attended nurseries open tor all services 
U N I V E R S I T Y 
P A R K B A P T IS T 
CH U RC H 

21o8 Cincinnati 

 at Bandera Road 
(I block east of 

Gen McM ullen D rive) 
Jam es M cKee. Pastor 

Terry W Wilkins 

Minister of Music A Youth 
SU N D A Y 
• JO A M Worship Service 
9 4S A M Sunday School ll OO A M Worship Service 
5 JO P M Church Training 
6 4o P M Worship Service 
W E D N E S D A Y 
/ W P M Prove r Service 
Kindergarten tor 4 A S yr olds 
Supervised nursery open tor all services 

Baptist Bible Fellowship 

G R A C E B A P T IS T 
T E M P L E 

1*21 Basse Rd (Northside) 
Phone! 7 32 4J2J -455 4533 
Wm E Fartsan, Pastor 

Sunday School — 9 4S a rn Morn mg 
Worship 
IO 4S, 
Training 
Union 4 OO p rn 
Evening Evan geustic Service 4 JO P rn 
Church 
Nursery open every 
Service Special welcome extend ed to weekend visitors and new comers to the city. 

World Baptist Fellowship 

Christian Church 
Disciples of Christ 

A L A M O 
H E I G H T S 
C H R IS T IA N 
CH U R C H 

44oo Block N New Braunfels 

828 5728 

Rev. E a rl R. Bissex, M inister 

P a rk er E Cross, 
Associate M inister 

8 3o a rn Worship Service 
9: 4S a rn Church School 
IO SO a m Worship Service 
12 OO Noon—Fellowship 
6 p m Youth Meetings 
Excellent Nursery. Am ple park mg. 
C E N T R A L 
C H R IS T IA N 
CH U RC H 

Main Avenue at Rom ano Plaza 
227-5273 
M inisters: 
Dr. Thomas Youngblood 

Rovce E. Makm 

Church School 9.45 a rn 
Worship IO: 45 a .rn 
Fam ily program s 6p m 
Nursery available. 
A 
Friendly welcome awaits you. Plenty ol parking 
C O M M U N IT Y 
C H R IS T IA N 
C H U RC H 
(Disciples of C hrist) 
C H U RC H SCHO O L 9 45 A M 
W O R S H IP ll OO A M 
(N ursery Provided) 
Live Oak Elem entary School Old 
Soonish Tr A Welcom e Dr 
Office Phone 654 6666 
W O O D LA W N 
C H R IS T IA N 
CH U RC H 
(Disciples of C hrist) 

West G ram ercy at Elm endorf 
(ocross from Woodlawn C lr.) 

17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
Rev B L. Brown 
Senior Minister 

Rev Tom W Neal, Associate 

Minister 

Sunday Service Church School 
9 JO. Morning worship IO 45 
Sermon Subteen "Is Tending to 
Our Own Business Enou gh ?” 
Evening Youth Group, 6 OO P rn 
Child care during morning service Ample parking A friend 
Iv welcome awaits you 

Christian Silence 

S U B J E C T O F L E S S O N 
" M in d " 
F IR S T C H U RC H 

SOI North Alamo 

Sunday Service 9 JO IO JO 11 OO 
I? OO 
Sunday School 11 OO 
Wednesday 
Evening 
Meeting 
8 OO 
SEC O N D CH URCH 

Magnolia and Belknap 

Sunday Service ll OO 
Sunday School ll OO 
Wednesday 
Evening 
Meeting 
8 OO 
T H IR D C H U RC H 

27oo S New Braunfels 

Sunday Service ll OO 
Sunday Srhoo1 ll OO 
Wednesday 
Evening 
Meeting 

7 OO 

F IR S T C H U RC H 
(A L A M O H E IG H T S ) 

1o4 C L O V E R L E A F 

Sundav Service ll OO 
Sunday School ll OO 
Wednesday 
Evening 
Meeting 
7 . JO 

R E A D IN G RO O M S 

324 N St M ary's 
Colonies North M all 
IM IO A Wurzbach Rd 
27oo S New Braunfels 
5o12 Broadw ay 

Churches of Christ 

H U IS A C H E 
A V E N U E 
B A P T IS T 
CH U RC H 

111* W Hutsoche Av*. 
Dr Cloud J Bottom. Pastor 

Rev Cloud J. Bonum Jr 

Associate Pastor 

Young People s Leoder 

Choir Directer 

Rev Fred Bonum, 
Associate Postar. 
Young Adult Teacher 
Sunday Services — All Bible Sun day School IO OO a rn 
Worship Service ll OO a rn 
Adult s 
Young 
People s and 
Children * Meeting 4 3o p m. 
Evenm g Se ,vice I JO p m 
Wednesday 
«■* Prove r 
Service 
7.3o p m 
45 Years th Son Antonio 
Tun* in Or 
Cloud J 
Bottom on 
K O R Y rod to, HIO on your dial 
Monday thru Saturday I M I 4S a m . 

Charismatic 

B EA C O N H I L L 
C H U RC H OF 
C H R IS T 

937 w Magnolia 

Between IM IO and US 28t 

Bill Wilson. Minister 
Bible Coll Lib rary 

713-89o4 

Sundav Services 
Worship IO JO a m and 6 p m 
Bible Classes. 
9 JO a rn 
Midweek Bible Study. 
Wednesday. 7 JO o rn 
A church near to the heart ot San An 
Ionia 
J E F F E R S O N 
C H U RC H OF 
C H R IS T 

7o2 Donaldson Avenue 

732 41o5 
J O Cash. Minister 

Bible Classes 
9 JO a rn 
Worship IO JO A M A 6 OO P M 
Youth 
5 OO p rn 
Wednesday Services 
7 JO o rn 
Attended nursery tor all meet ings 
M C CA RTH UR 
P A R K 
C H U R C H OF 
C H R IS T 

"T h e End Of Your Search 

For A Friendly Church" 
19o7 N E Loop 41o 

Phone 824 73o1 

Doyle M aynard, Minister 
B ib le C lass A C h ild re n s B ib le 
Hour 9 JO A M 
Worship IO JO A M A 6 P M 
Ladies Bible Class Tuesday 
IO 

A M 
Wednesday Ser vices 7 JO P M 
SAN P E D R O 
C H U RC H OF 
C H R IS T 

832H O S— Tel 824 2o8* 

111 Jackson Keller at San Pedro 
G B Stanley, Minister 

Sundav Services 
Bible Classes 9 JO a rn 
Worship 
Services 
IO JO a m , 
6 OO p rn 
Wednesday Midweek service I JO a rn 
Nursery open during all serv ices. 
S U N S E T R I D G E 
C H U R C H OF 
C H R IS T 

Brees af Em poria 
Telephone 824 45*8 

M inister Rey F Osborne 

Bibi# C lasses-* IS a rn Worship 
Services — IO JO a m and 4 OO p rn Wednesday Bibi# Classes — 
IO o.m and 7 JO p m . Attended nursery for all services 

February 19 1977 

C H R IS T C H U R C H 

Belknap at West Russell 

Sunday 

8 oo a.m. Holy Communion 

9. oo a rn. Fam ily Service ond 

Sundav School 

11:oo o.m. M orning Worship 
(1st and 3rd Sundays — Holy 

Communion) 

 m w * " / ________ 

5: OO p.m. Holy Communion and 

Healing Service 

Thursday 

1o:oo a.m. Holy Communion 

The Rev. John H. M acNaughton 

Rector 
The Rev. Hollier Tomlin 

The Rev M elvin G ray 
The Rev. Sam uel Todd, Jr. 
Associate Rectors 
The Rev. Samuel O rr Capers, 

D D Rector Em eritus 
C H U RC H OF ST. 
S T E P H E N 
S O U T H E A S T 

3724 S New Braunfels at IH 37 

4 Minutes from Downtown 

Phone 534-54o9 

The R ev Charles H B e rry J r , 

Rector 

SU N D A Y : 8 a m 
Holy Commu mon, IO o rn 
Eucharist/Church 
School classes, nursery 
T U E S D A Y : 7 3o p m Eucharist/ 
Healing 
W E D N E S D A Y : 
IO a m 
Holy 
Communion 
ST. G E O R G E 
E P I S C O P A L 
C H U R C H 

69o4 West Ave at M ilitary Hwy 
The Rev R. Randolph Cooper, 

Rector 

Church Phone 342 4261 

Day School Phone: 342-4263 

S U N D A Y : W orship Service 9 OO 
A M 
Sundav School IO IS A M 
Worship 
Service 
11 OO 
A M 
Prover A Praise 7 3o P M 
W E D N E S D A Y . Healing Service 
/ 3o P M 
T H U R S D A Y : 
Holy 
Communion 
6 3o A M 
Healing Service IO OO 
A M Evensong 7 OO P M 
S A T U R D A Y 
Holy 
Communion 
8 ooA.M Bible Study 

ST. L U K E ’S 
E P I S C O P A L 
CH U RC H 
In Alamo Heights 

The Rey David P Comegys, J r 

Rector 
The Rev Christopher Jones, J r 

Day School Headm aster 

The Rev Douglas E. Thomas 

Assistant 

The Rev C Je ff Kraem er 

Assistant 

The Rev Jam es K. Alcorn 

Assistant 

Sundav Services 
7 45, 9 oo and 
11 OO a rn and 6 OO p m 
Adult and 
Youth classes 9 45 

 a m 

ST. M A R K ’S 
E P I S C O P A L 
C H U RC H 
D OWNTOWN 

3o7 Eost Pecan of T ravis Park 

Phone 226 2426 

The Rev Stanley F Hauser. 

Rector 

The Rey John C Ball, Jr . 
The Rev C Ooh Baugh 
The R ey John R Roen 

The Rf Rev. J Wilson Hunter 

The Rev Edno M Dietz 

SU N D A Y 
8 OO a rn Holy Com mumon 
9 JO 
A M 
Holy 
Com rn union 
(Chapel) 
IO JO 
A M 
Morning 
Worship 
A 
Church 
School 

M O N D A Y 
T H R U 
F R ID A Y : 

8 JO 
A M 
M orning 
Prove r, 
(Chapel) 

F R ID A Y ll 45 A M 
Healing 
Service, (Chapel) 
12 OO 
Noon, 
Holy 
Communion, 
(Chapel). 

ST. P A U L ’S 
E P I S C O P A L 
C H U RC H 
1o18 Eost Grayson 
Fr. John F Daniels, Rector 

Sundav Masses 8 -IO and IO JO 
,a rn 
Adult ond Youth Classes 9 3o a rn 
Wednesday Moss IO OO a rn 
Motor Feast Days 7 A IO a rn and 
7.3o a m 
Confessions Saturdays ll noon 
WINDCREST 
THE CHURCH OF 
THE RESURRECTION 

59o9 Walzem Road 655 5484 

The 
Rev. 
Jam es 
P 
Giddings, 

Rector 

Sundov Eucharist 9 OO A ll OO AM 
Sundav School IO OO AM all ages 
Licensed pre school A Kindergarten mifflMim 
W A Y S I D E 
C H A P E L 

2918 Vance jackson 

Ph. 344 12o) 

8 M A U E a rly Worship 
9 45 A M. Sundav School ll OO A M Late Worship 
7 OO P M Evening Service 
Pastor — Stephen P Troxel 

C H R IS T 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H 

67o2 Broadw ay in Alam o Hgfs. 

The Rev. Arthur E. Rode 
The Rev. Harold Moench, 

Pastors 

First Service—8:oo a rn Sundav 
Sundov School—9: 15 a rn 
Second Service— IO: 3o a m. 
H O P E 
L U T H E R A N 
CH U RC H (A L C ) 

5714 Callaghan Rd. 
(3 blocks south of Loop 41o) 
433 7475 — 435-97o1 

Rev. Robert P. Thronsoit 
Rev. Delm as L. Luedke 
Worship Services 8:15 A 1o 45 a m . 
Adult Class and Sundov School 
9 :3o a m. 
N ursery provided for both Wor ship Services 
Holy Communion — First Sunday and Third Sundav 
M C C A RT H U R 
P A R K 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U R C H 

"T h e Home-Like Church” 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd 

(7 blks. No. of Loop 41o) 
Ph. 824-713S 

Pastor G W. Schwanenberg 

Assoc. Pastor C. Zim m erm an 
Sundav Worship: 8:3o A H a m 
Sundav School 9 3o a rn (for all ages). 
( Nursery provided all 3 hours) 
M ilitary 
Personnel especially welcome. 
MT. C A L V A R Y 
E V A N G E L I C A L 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U RC H 
(M issouri Synod) 
3o8 Mount C alvary D rive 

824-8748 

Albert J. Loeschm an Pastor 

SU N D A Y 
First Service 8 JO A M 
Sundav School and Bible Class 
9 45 A M 
Worship Second Service U A M 
ST. J O H N ’S 
L U T H E R A N 
CH U RC H 

5o2 E. Nuevo St 

San Antonio Texas 782o5 

Phone: 223-2611 

DO W NTOW N — ! j block west of 
H em isFair 
Roaid E. Broulick and Norm an H 
Albertson, Pastors. 
SU N D A Y , Feb ru ary 2o, 1977 
Worship Services 8 15 and IO 45 
Sundav School 9:3o A M. 
F e b r u a r y 
23rd. 
A S H 
W E D N E S D A Y 
Lenten Se rvic e 
12:oo noon and 7 p m 
ST. L U K E ’S 
L U T H E R A N 
C H U RC H 

"T h e Friendly Church" 
514 Sonta Monica St., 735-o591 
I block W. of Son Pedro 

Pastor W J Buck 

(Chaplain, Col, U S A F , Ret I 

Pastor Em eritus J F Vorkoper 
Worship 
Service 
IO 45 a rn 
(N ursery provided) 
Sundav 
School 
9 JO a rn 
(all ages) 
Counseling Services ottered. 

Lutheran 
Churches 

Community Church 
NHY 
LICHI 

8/5o Feurwinds Dr. 
IN 15 at Lees *1o 

‘ Inter Denominational 

Congregation of B e lie ve rs" 

Pastor Allen Randolph 

REVIVAL TEMPLE 

D IO Texas Avenue 
John M Bell, Pastor 

M O Beadles, Assistant 

Sunday School, 9 45 a rn 
Morning Worship. IO 45 o rn 
Pre-service prover * JO p rn 
Evening Worship, I OO p m 
Wednesday 
Prayer 
A 
Bibl* 
Study at I OO p rn 

Charismatic Baptist 

CALVARY CHAPEL 

11o7 W Hildebrand 

F G o*de Foster Pester 

Sunday School 
IO A M 

Worship 
H A M 

Sundov t v * —I B M w ed f e e - M O P M . 
Nursery Provided 

8 15 A M 
9 45 A M. 
IO 5o A M 
6 OO P M 

Worship 
Bible Fellowship 
.. .. 
Worship 
Body Life Service 

Wednesday 

Charism atic Teaching 
I 3o P M 

Thursday 
Home M inistries 
N ursery tor oil ser 

I M P X i ices 

R E D E E M E R 
L U T H E R A N 
CH URCH 
(M issouri Synod) 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd, 

Telephone 732-4112 

Rev. Ned M Bockelmann, 

Pastor 

SU N D A Y 
9 IS a rn 
— Sundav 
School 
A 
Bible Classes. 
IO JO a rn Divine Worship 

Methodist 
Churches 

L A U R E L h e i g h t s 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
C H U RC H 

227 West Woodlawn at Belknap 
733-7156 
M inisters 

Rev. Charles L. Giesler 
Rev. Albert E. Loudon 
R ev Robert E . Parsons 

Henry Holloway. 
Director of Music 

John C Schmidt, Organist 
Worship Services 8 3o and 1o:5o a.in. 

Reverend 
Charles 
L. 
Giesler 
Preaching 

"C O N F IR M IN G T H E P L A N " 

Church School for All Ages 9:45 a.rn 
Ash Wednesday, Feb ru ary 23rd 
Worship Services and Holy Com munion 12 o5 and 7:oo p m 
Thursday. February 24th 
Lenten 
Worship 
Service 
12:o5 pm . 
ST. M A T T H E W ’S 
U N IT E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
CH U RC H 

2738 Bitters Road 

656-125o 

(Betw een Nacogdoches 

 ond Broadw ay) 
The Rev. M al Hierholzer, 

Minister 

The Rev Winn Alley, 
Intern M inister 

SU N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
(N ursery Available tor All Sun­ dov Events) 
8:3o O.m E A R L Y S E R V IC E 
9:3o a rn. Church School (A L L 
A G E S ) 
IO 5o a m 
P R IN C IP A L S E R V 
IC E 
4. 3o o.m. Youth Choirs Pra ctice 
5 JO p.m. 
Snack 
Supper tor 
Youth 
6 OO p m 
U M Y F tor youth 
7th 12th grades 
7 OO p m 
E V E N IN G W O R S H IP 
S E R V IC E 
R E G U L A R 
A C T IV IT IE S 
IN 
C L U D E : Sundav School Classes from age 2 yrs. with 6 Adult classes; 5 Choirs for ages 5 yrs thru Adult; and special activities for Youth, Senior Citizens, Col lege, Career, Singles, and Young 
Adult groups 
CO M M UN IO N EA C H F R ID A Y of 
6 ,)o a m with breakfast fellow ship following. 
ST. J O H N ’S 
U N IT E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
C H U RC H 

Northwest San Antonio, 

111 Cloudcroft at Bandera Rd. 
Telephone: 433-7639 

Rev. Albert M erubia, Pastor 

Church 
School classes tor all ages. 9: JO a rn. 
Morning Worship Service IO 5o a m 
Fellowship & Coffee following in the Blueroom 
Youth Activities Beginning at,5 JO 
o rn 
You are cordially invited to wor ship with us. N U R S E R Y PR O 
V ID E D FO R A L L S E R V IC E S 
W O O D LA W N 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
CH U RC H 

17o1 West Woodlawn Ave. 

Senior Pastor: 
Rev Pout A Grout O- 
Associate Pastor 

Or. Elm er J. Hierholzer 

L ay Pastoral Visitors M r Bob 
Hasbrook. M r Carroll Sigmon 

SU N D A Y S E R V IC E S 
Sundav Worship 9 A M 
New Lockhill Elem entary School 

Cafetorium 

5o5o De Zavala Rd. 
Second Service 1o.5o A M. 
17o) W Woodlawn 

U .M .Y Each Sundav 4 to 6 P.M . 

5o84 De Zavala Rd. 

Episcopal 
Churches 
N O R T H E A S T 
T H E C H U R C H OF 
RECO NCILIATION 

S larcresl at B a i' m ete* rn M a rvm'Hit 

I go a rn Holy C ommunion IO JO a in 
/Agr mng W ar ship Nu* set v 

 cmd Sunday School 
Bey 
J«# L 
Brown, B e tto r -» 
Tot. OSS J i l l et I i * U K ) 

A SC EN SIO N 
L U T H E R A N 
CH URCH 

Vernon Bnetfcruetz. Pastor 

1o4o Donaldson Ave. 
(IO blocks west of 

Fredericksburg Rood) 

Sunday Schedule 
Sunday School, 9 JO A M 
Worship Service, IO 3o A M 
Holy 
Communion first 
Sunday each month 
Come and worship with us 

B E I T E L 
L U T H E R A N 
CH U RC H 
2515 Austin Hwy 

Pastor, Ralph Ablm 

Sunday worship services 
8 OO and IO 3o a m 
Adult clos* and 
Sunday school of 9 IO a rn P ra y er ond Praise on Sunday eve mugs at 6 JO N ursery available 

G R A C E 
L U T H E R A N 
CH U RC H 

5o4 Avenue E at McCullough 

Three Blocks North 

 of The Alamo 

Phone 224-9111 

Pastor, Robert J. Adtx 

8 OO and IO 45 A M Worship 
( JO A M Sunday School 

KING OF K IN G S 
L U T H E R A N 
CHURCH, LC M S 

 llM t Dream wood 
Telephone 45* *5o8 

Henry M Bier, Pastor 

M S Cd,, M Dtv 

Sunday School and Bible Class 
9 IS a rn 
Worship IO 3o a m 
Communion on first and third 
Sundays 
CONCORDIA 
L U T H E R A N 
CH U RC H 

 lit * Boss* Mood 

Dr Guide Merkens 

Senior Poster 

Rev Norm an Abbott Vst Pastel 
Rey Theeder* Graatm ann. Asst 

S U N D A Y S S C H L O U LC 

A M 

9 oo First ser vice to oo Sunday School, oh ages ll OB Second Ser vice 

P M 

7 OS Thrtd ter vice 
J OO Sunday School ages L II . 
• OO Singlet open house. 
NUKSfc R Y P M U V iQ tO . 

A LA M O 
H E IG H T S 
M E T H O D IS T 
C H U RC H 
51o1 Broadw ay 
826-3215 

Ministers 

Or. Calvin W. Froehner 

Reverend Harold C Perdue 

Reverend H arry C Bam berger 

Reverend Ja ck C Bush, Sr 
Three m eaningful hours of w o r­ ship a re ottered each Su ndav, 
8 3o, 9:3o and 1o 55 a m 
Share with us in one of these io v o u s celebrations Beautiful music wilt be presented bv our High School and Sanctuary choirs. 
Dr. Froenher continued the "MY 
F A V O R IT E B I B L E S T O R IE S ” 
Series, with the fifth message 
W H O T O LO YO U A B O U T M E ? 
(Biblical Text John 4: 7 29) 
Church School classes for all ages meet at 9:3o o.m 
Child care is provided during all worship services. 
Su n d ay eve n in g a c tiv itie s tor 
4th 12th grades begin at 4 3o p m. 

A S B U R Y 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
CH U RC H 
44o1 Son Pedro Ave 
Phone: 733 o431 

Rev W esley N Schulze. Pastor 

Church School 9 JO a rn. 
Sunday Worship 
IO 5o a rn 

T h e < h n n h n j i h r 

 f r i e n t l l t h e a r t '' 

CO LO N IA L 
H IL L S U N IT E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
CH URCH 

5247 Vance Jackson Rd 

(North of Loop 41o) 
349 24o1 

Rev William M Easum , Pastor 

Delbert Brown, Associate Pastor 
9 45 a rn. Church School 
8 45 a m and ll a m 
Morning 
Worship 
6 JO P m 
U M Y F 
Program A 
Supper 
Tues 7 JO d rn Bible Study 
6 JO p rn Wed Youth Choir 
Coll 
69* 5oo2 tor information 
Nursery tor all activities. 

LA T R IN ID A D 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
CH U RC H 

JOO San Fernando at Pecos 
Phone 227 o544 , 734 9692 

Pastor Rey A Ted Grout q 

9 JO A M Escueio Dom m icai en ingles v espanol p ara todas las edodes, (Sun day School in Eng bsh and Spanish tor all ages ) 
1o 5o 
A M 
C U LT O 
D E 
A D O RACIO N 
S E R M O N 
Dr 
Roberto Escam il la Special Music 
Youth Choir 
ACT IV ID A D E S D E L D IA 
(A C ­ 
T IV IT IE S O F THE D A Y ) 
4 JO P M 
En sayo Coro Juwem l 
(Youth Choir Rehearsal) 
6 OO P M Youth Fellowship 
6 OO P M Children*' Confirmation 
Classes 
6 OO P M 
Reunion de G ru o o s 
(Single Young Adults. Methodist 
Women, Methodist M en) 
/ o o P M C U LT O V E S P E RT INO 
E V A N C E L l ST ICO 
SE R M O N 
Rev A Ted Grout O 
M id w eek 
P r a y e r S e r v ic e s : 
Thursday at 7: JO P M. 

T R A V IS P A R K 
U N I T E D 
M E T H O D IS T 
CH U RC H 
TM C Travis St 
Phone 224 8341 

M IN IS T E R 
Or Ralph H Seller 

You are welcome to San Anta m o* Great downtown Methodist 
Church located in the heart of the city tor 
13o years 
Only minutes aw ay by Expressw ays ond F R E E P A R K IN G across the street 
W O R S H IP S E R V IC E S at IO 5o 
A M and / OO P M Dr Ralph H teller preaching at IO SO A M an 

W H Y STAN O ID E R ?'* 

12 OO — H oly C om m un ion — 
C hiiae's Chapel v JO a m 
— C h u rc h S c h o o l 
C (usees tor Mi ages 
4 to p m 
— 
Youth 
A l tivdm* 
Begin 
7 OO p rn 
E ven in g W orship — 
R e v 
Sui Spam p re ac h in g on 

W AI K IN O A I IGM I R O P E ON 
A W IN O V D A Y " 

Nazarene 

H A T F I E L D 
CH U RC H OF 
T H E N A Z A R E N E 

4515 S. Flore* 
E E Rhodes, Pastor 

J W Cantrell, Associate 

Sundov Services Sundav School 
9 45 a rn 
Morning 
Worship 
1o SO o rn 
(Children s Worship 
Service — 4 yrs thru the 4th grade) 
Youth 
Services 
6 OO a m . Evening Service 7 OO p rn 
Wednesday Prove r Meeting, 7 JO p rn 
(M issionary 
Meeting last 
Wednesday of month) 
Nurserv is open tor all regular services 

A C H U R C H W H E R E E V E R Y 
BO DY IS W E LC O M E - NO B IG 
SHOTS, 
NO 
U N IM P O R T A N T 
P E O P L E 

Non Denominational 

T H E L I T T L E 
C H U RC H OF 
LA V IL L IT A 

Non-Denominational 

5o8 Villita St 

Rev David W Edmunds, 

Pastor 

Sundav Worship Service — ll a rn 
Sundav Evening Service — 6 p rn 
Mid week 
Healing and 
Prove r 
Services 
Wednesday night 7 JO 

 p rn 
Thursday morning ll OO a rn 

Presbyterian 
Churches 

A LA M O 
H E IG H T S 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CH URCH 
42o1 Broadw ay 

Newton P Cox, Jr . 

Minister 

Phone 824 o271 

Church School 
Fellowship Time 
Sermon by Rev 
Jr. 
‘‘ H A P P I N E S S 

F A IT H 
: 
C U M B E R L A N D - 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CH U RC H 
7815 Oakton Dr. 
(Beside Lee High School) 

Phone 
342-61*o 

Rev. R. E a rl Willoughby, 

M inister 

W H O SO E V E R W IL L M A V 

C O M E 
Sundav School 9 45 a rn. 
Worship Service 11:oo o.m j, 
C P Y F.. Youth Group 6 3o p.m..* 
F I R S T 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H 

North Alamo and Fourth Sts. 

M IN IS T E R S : 
Louis H. Zbinden Jr . 

Richard G. Ryan 

Robert H Bullock, H .R., Teaching 
Minister. 
George Mauze 

M inister-Em eritus 

Dr Bess Hieronymus, 

Orqamst-Choir Director 

S U N D A Y : 9 a rn 
W o rs h ip id 
Guthrie B ry an t Chapel led bv Dr? 
Zbinden; 9:3o a m. School of th£ 
Church; ll a.m. W orship, Conv munion m editation bv Dr. Zbin^ den; Celebration of the Lord s 
Supper; N ursery and Child Care during worship and study hours; 
Coffee Fellowship Hour in M cCul­ lough Room following worship; 
4:3o p.m . C h ild re n 's C hoir ll 
R e h e a rsa l, Youth R a lly at St; 
Andrew Presbyterian Church; 7 9 
School of Religion; 
M O N D A Y : 6 p.m. Dinner for of­ ficers, program , and business meetings; 
W E D N E S D A Y . 12: IS p m. Men s 
Luncheon and Study; No fam ily dinner or study; 7 p.m. Choir 
Rehearsal, 
T H U R S D A Y : 7:15 a.m . M en s 
B r e a k fa s t; 9:3o a rn .- ll a .m . 
Wom en's Lenten Bible study on 
P H IL L IP P I A N S , D r 
Zb inden , leader; 6:15 p.m. Fellowship Din* ner with Dr Birch Rombo of Zoire as speaker. 

MADISON 
S Q U A R E 
U N IT E D 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H U.S.A. 

319 Camden at Lexington 

Phone: 22^6254 

W illiam P Lytle D D., Pastor 

Edw in Rieke, D MA. 

Organist: Choirm aster 
9 3o a m 
Church School, ll OO o m 
Worship Service 
N urserv provided Children s Center 226 
192o. 
( Weekday 
JO a rn. 6 oo p in ) 
NORTHWOO D 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U RC H 

518 Pike Ploce 

824 7238 

Worship Service, II a m 
Church School, 9 45 a rn 

Rev. Sam Jun kin, "W h a t Shall W e 
D o ?" 

ST. A N D R E W 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
C H U R C H 
8231 Callaghan Rd 

(N ear 1-1o at 41o) 

Minister, W illiam C. Mounts 

Church School 
9 IO A M 
Worship Service ll oo A M 

Religious Science 

CH U R C H OF 
T R U T H 
A- member Church of Religious* 
Science Los Angeles. California 
Dr 
Ernest 
Holmes. 
Founder, publisher of the Science of Mind 
Maqo/me 
Sundays. 
IO 45 a rn 
Services IO oo a rn 
Word ot the 
Week 
Classes on m etaphysics ond practical Christianity 
IO OO 
O.m. tumor Church classes (all srhooi tra d e s) 
Child core facilities 
O ' 
Aul,rev 
Hanqer 
Minister 
(824,’451) 
Son Pedro 
Playhouse. 
Son 
Antonio 
Park 
(Dial a 
Blessers, o re c o ile d meditation 
828 5581) 
W A R M 
W E LC O M E A W A IT S YOU Sun dov morning 

9 JO A M 
IO JO A M 
Newton P. Cox 

T H R O U G H 
H U N G E R A N D T H IR S T " 

Youth Meetings 
6 JO P M 
Nurserv Provided 

BEA C O N H I L L 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CH U RC H 

HOI West Woodlawn 

731-71*9 

Minister Rev joe M Owen 

Sundav School 9 45 a rn 
Worship Service ll OO a rn 

C O V EN A N T 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 

I I I Role to A N W Loop 41o 

(A t Honeysuckle exit) 
Edw in W althall, Pastor 

Phone 142 5251 

9 JO a rn Church scnoot tor all ages 
1o 45 a m 
Service 

Seventh-Day Adventist 
L A U R E L 
H E IG H T S 
S E V E N T H DAY 
A D V E N T IS T 
CH U RC H 

7o3 West Ashby Pl 

(opposite Son Pedro P o rk ) 

732-6898 

Robert Wood, Postor 

David Evan s, Associate Postor 
Saturday 
Services 
Sabbath * 
School 9 JO o rn Devine Worship 
I! OO a m 
Youth Meeting I Hr before sunset Prove r Meetmq 
Wednesdav 
7 3o p m 
D o rc a s ' 
W elfare Society 
Tuesday 
IO OO a rn Sundov AM 
V O IC E OF h R O P H F C y 
K K V X 

United Church of Christ 

The U n tie d C h u rc h of C h ris ts continues the m in istries Ot th e i 
C o n g re g a tio n a l 
C h ris tia n * 
C h u rch es and the E vanqeticai'* and Reformed Church Since 195/ 
B E T H A N Y 

611 E M yrtle St at N 

Kendall (6 B lo c k s ' 

North of IN 3$ 

 between McCullough 

& St M a r y s ) 
224 2655 

R ev John B Culver, pastor 

Worship. 
IO 45 a m 
Church 
School 
9 JO a m 
Adult 
Bible 
Class. 9 JO a rn 

C O M M U N IT Y 

443 Hunnicutt Dr (W W White 

Rd , Loop 13, at IH IO) 
33) 16o3 

Rev Thomas N W ord 

Worship. IO IO a rn 

P I L G R I M CON 
G R E G A T IO N A L 
5oo Pilgrim Dr (7 Blocks South 

 of l oop 41o. I block West ot 

Vance Jackson ) 
J42 6o34 

Rev Arthur W Stark, pastor 
Sunday 
School 
V 45 
Divine 

Worship Service ll oo a in 

Affiliated with Unity 

School — Silent U nity— 
Daily W ard Magazine 

 sundav services ll a m at 1723 
Lawndale 
Dr 
I West of! 
81oo 
Broadw ay) 
Sundav School 9 IO a m 
Adult 
Class 
9 JO a rn 
Meditation 
IO i t a rn 
Youth 
Class ll a rn thursday. Truth 
Class IO JO a rn Office open IO to 
4 Monday thru 
Thursday 
824 
7J5I) 
Norman Olson. 
Minister 
^Bulletin sent on request ) 

Morning 
Worship 

CH R IST 
P R E S B Y T E R I A N 
CH URCH 
(Unaffiliated) 

544o Vance Jackson Rd 

I* i miles North ot Loop 41o 

 on Vance Jackson 

Rev J. Grant M cM illan, Pastor 

Church 
School, 
1o oo a m 
Worship Service. I I a m , I OO p m 
Midweek 
Services 
Wed nesdav I JO 
We a re conservative, evangel 
KOI and autonomous, having no connection with the National or 
World Council of Churches 
We hold lo the historic Presbyterian belief that the Bible is the in spired Word on God and me only infallible rule at faith and pj<jc tire 
Our church otters a spiritual home to alt who desire to hear the word of Gad without compromise 

U lu la tio n 

F IR S T 
U N IT A R IA N 
CHURCH 

>87 B e ryl Dr 

Phene, 344-4*95 

Church School and nursery 
IO W a rn 
Morning Service 
IO JO a rn 
Minister 
Rev Rode Get hor dt 
Presentation 
■ Creative tervtci at Sacred Q ance & D ram a, D i reefed by Dr Robert Slot et 

Wesleyon Church 

W E S L E Y A N 
CH U RC H m e West Avenue 

344 6)9) 
Edw ard D Angelic P a st* 
Mike Watters, Youth Paste 

Sunday Church School • 45 c 
Worship Service It OOO rn 
Evening Service I OO p rn 
Wednesday. Bible Study and 
Prayer I to a rn 

CHURCH DIRECTORY 
ON NEXT PAGE 

Church of Castle Hills 
214 Bolete 

Gospel Assem bly 
417 Catalina 
First Assem bly of God 
83o S E Military Or. 
Oak Meadow Assem bly of 
God 
2714 Hunters Green 
Glod Tidings Assem bly of 
God 
2143 So. W W. White Rd. 
Eastside Primitive Baptist 
Church 
12o4 W. Hein Rd. 
Primitive Baptist Church 
4o4 Walton Ave. 
Castle Hills First Baptist 
222o H W. Military Hwy. 
Crestview Baptist 
Wolzem at Eagiecrest 
Eisenhauer Rd. Baptist 
39SO Eisenhauer Rd. 
First Baptist 
SIS McCullough 
Lackland Baptist 
2718 Frontier Or. 
Northridge Pork Baptist 
C he w Chase & Eisenhauer 
Rd 
Manor Baptist 
Manor Or. at Meredith 
Northeast Baptist 
293o Bitters Rd 
Parkhills Baptist 
14o1S San Pedro Ave. 
Shearer Hills Baptist 
8o2 Oblate 
University Park Baptist 
23o8 Cincinnati 
Trinity Baptist 
319 E Mulberry 
Grace Baptist Temple 
1928 Basse Rd 
Huisache Avenue Baptist 
1339 W. Huisache Ave. 

Revival Temple 
131o Texas Ave. 
Calvary Chapel 
11o7 w. Hildebrand 
Alamo Heights Christian 
64oo Block N New 
Braunfels 
Central Christian 
Mom Ave. at Rom ano 
Ploio 
Community Christian 
Church 
Live Oak Clem School 
Old Spanish Tr. & Welcome 
Dr 
Woodlawn Christian 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
First Church of 
Christ Scientist 
SOI N. Alamo 
Second Church of 
Christ Scientist 
Magnolia — Belknap 
Third Church of 
Christ Scientist 
27oo S. New Braunfels 
First Church (Alam o 
Heights) of Christ Scientist 
1o4 Cloverleaf 
Beacon Hill Church of 
Christ 
937 W. Magnolia 
Son Pedro Church of Christ 
311 Jackson Keller 
Jefferson Church of Christ 
7o2 Donaldson Ave 
Sunset Ridge Church of 
Christ 
Brees at Em poria 
Trinity Church 
87So Fourwinds 
Christ Episcopal Church 
Belknap of West R u sse " 
The Church of 
Reconciliation 
94o1 Starkest 
Church of St Stephen 
3724 S New Braunfels of 
IH 37 
St George Episcopal 
Church 
49o4 west Ave of Military 
Hwy. 
St. Luke's Episcopal 
Corona & Devine Rd. 
St M ark Episcopal Church 
3o7 E Pecan 
St Paul s Episcopal 
Church 
1o18 E. Grayson 
Wovside Chapel 
2918 Vance Jackson 
Ascension Lutheran 
1o4o Donaldson 
Bedel Lutheran 
2S1S Austin Hwy. 
Groce Lutheran 
Avenue E of McCullough 
Christ Lutheran 
472o Broadway 
King of Kings Lutheran 
11888 Dr porn wood 
Concordia Lutheran 
1826 Basse Rd 
Hope Lutheran 
9914 Callaghan Rd 
M acArthur Park Lutheran 
29o1 Nacogdoches Rd 
M i Calvary Evangelical 
Lutheran Church 
1o8 Mount Calvary Or. 
St John Lutheran 
9o2 E. Nuevo St. 
St. Luke's Lutheran 
914 Santo Monica 
Redeemer Lutheran 
29o7 Fredericksburg Rd 
Alamo Heights Methodist 
91o1 Broadway 
Asbury United 
Methodist Church 
46o1 San Pedro 
Aldersgate United 
Methodist 
Kayton at Palmetto 
Colonial Hills 
United Methodist 
9247 Vance Jackson 
Lo Trinidad United 
Methodist 
Son Fernando v Pecos 
I jurei Heights United 
Methodist 
227 West Woodlawn 
St. John s United Methodist 
111 Cloudcroft Dr. 
St Matthew s United 
Methodist 
2738 Bitters Rd 
Travis Park United 
Methodist 
23o East Travis 
Woodlawn United 
Methodist 
17o1 West Woodlawn 
Hatfield Church 
Of the Natarene 
4919 S Flores 
The Little Church of La 
Villita 
9o8 Villita 
Alamo Heights 
Presbyterian 
42o1 Broadway 
Faith Cumberland 
Presbyterian Church 
IS IS Oakton Dr 
First Presbyterian 
North Alamo and Fourth 
Sts 
Beacon Hill Presbyterian 
HOI West Woodlawn 
Covenant Presbyterian 
2il Rotate A N W Loop 41o 
Christ Presbyterian 
944# Vance Jackson Rd. 
Madison Sauare United 
Presbyterian 
)19 Camden at Lexington 
Northwood Presbyterian 
Si# Pike Piece 
St Andrew Presbyterian 
1231 Callaghan Rd 
4mural Heights 
Seventh Day Adventist 
I# ) Ashby Pl. 
Bethany United Church of 
Christ 
Sit St Myrtle St 
Community United Church et Christ 
4443 Hunmcwtt Or, 
Pilgrim Congregational 
SOO Pilgrim Dr 
Unity Church 
I t l l Lawndale Dr. 
First Unitarian in t l- L v t e OIS at Beryl 
Rd 
Weeievan Church leis West Ave 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S —-Saturday February 19 1977 
 rabbis to meet 

The New Image Singers will present a concert at 7 p.m. Sunday at 
W aysid e Evangelical Free Church, 2918 Vance Jackson Road. 
Members of the singing group include, front, Steve Troxel; second row, Mike Bruce, Connie Troxel, Rosalee Buss, Joe Dean; standing, 
Steve Sternitzke, Ken Buss and Kim Bachman. The public is invited to attend the free concert. 
CHURCH MEWS 

The Hallah of Texas 
Rabbis will conduct its annual convention in San 
Antonio Monday through 
Wednesday, gathering at 
Congregation 
Agudas 
A ch im , 
Congregation 
Hodfei Sholom and Tem­ ple Bet h-El 
The Hallah, which in­ cludes rabbis from the 
Orthodox. 
Conservative and Reform expressions of Ju d aism . will meet under the direction of 
Rabbi Em an u el Rack* man of New York City, the 
Scholar-in-Resi­ dence, to present papers . of 
.Jewish academ ie value 
Rabbi Hackman will deliver a public lecture at 8 p.m. M onday at 
Rodfei Sholom. 
, 
Rabbi Jack Bemporad of Dallas will present a paper at a forum at 8 p m. Tuesday at Rodfei 
Sholom. His topic will he 
“ Some Reflections on 
Death and Dying with 
Special Attention to the 
Right to Die.” 
Other speakers on the program w ill he the 
Freedom: Gift of God 

One of the most con­ tro versial questions about freedom of religion in our day is the rela­ tionship between the de­ programming effort of parents and fam ilies toward people caught up in the various cults which have been made popular in recent years. 
The Moon cub. Hare- krishna cult and Children of God have been parti­ cular targets of the de­ programming efforts of parents deeply concerned about their children be­ ing brainwashed in some religious movement 
W hile the current controversy has erupted in California with the 
Freedom of Thought 
Foundation under the leadership of attorney 
M ichael Trauscht, the efforts to capture back the cultists have created kidnaping charges against some of the de­ programmers. 
The Foundation is us­ ing the laws on conser­ vatorship as a legal means of declaring the person involved incom­ petent and getting tem­ porary custody back for parents or family. 
Technique 
D eprogram m ing fo l­ lows a technique similar to the brainwashing itself with the subject kept away from all outside in­ fluences while the efforts are made to persuade them away from the cult. 
There's a great deal of emotional support for the deprogramming ef fort . 
The fact that many of tin* people who have been caught up by the cults have been underaged adolescents bas added a degree of indignation to parents who have felt their children snatched away from their families. 
The kind of techniques of indoctrination used by the cults also have creat­ ed a repugnance in the minds of people who are conscience of the p re­ cious quality of liberty in our land. 
Conference 
A national conference last week of religious li­ bertarians in San Diego. 
C alif., examined flu* problem from the stand­ point of people who are basically committed to evangelical Christianity but also deeply involved in the protection of the rights of freedom of conscience with it consti­ tutional guarantees of separation of church and f state. 
A group of deprogram­ mers confronted a group of llarekrishna devotees in the meeting. Emotion­ al tides were intense. 
One of the interesting idevclopments was that 

A k 

 m t * 

Bv 
Rev. _ nj 

W I 
J'J 
A 

Jimmy R. Allen 
Pastor, 
First Baptist Church 

 the two groups continued to dialogue following the meeting and found themselves finding some common grounds of con­ cern evolving. 
The courts are testing th«' conservatorship tech­ nique of legally justifying the arresting or kidnap­ ing of the persons who are being brought out for deprogramming. 
The presence of re li­ gious freedom is only as real as it exists for the most unpopular minority in society. 

The responsibility for maintaining that free­ dom alw ays lies in the hands of the sensitive majority. 
The right to win con­ verts and to indoctrinate them in a religious phi­ losophy so long as it does not undermine the order of a society is not only guaranteed by the con­ stitution but is a gift of 
God. 
When God refused to make a robot out of man. 
Ile allowed him the free­ dom to say yes or no to 
Him. In that way, the yes could be meaningful. 
It is important that we protect that freedom of conscience. 

The idea of depro­ gram m ing is a danger­ ous one. It can reach the point w here any religious philosophy that is unpo­ pular at the moment be­ comes a target for brain­ washing its converts. 
At the same time, there’ is a parental responsi­ 

 bility for minor children which is as deep as life, 
A parent has a re ­ sponsibility to protect that child until he reaches the age of legal adulthood. 
Where there is a minor child involved, the deprogramming effort is not a violation of an indi­ vidual and mature cons­ cience. 

H is parental respons- bilitv to make that kind ut judgment. 

W here the person is past the age of being a juvenile and has reached the point of adulthood chronologically, it is the responsibility of the so­ ciety to protect their freedom of choice even when their choices are unpopular. 
Freedom is a precious gift. It must bo guarded responsibly, lf it is lost for some, it is in danger of being lost for all. 

Honorable Yit/hak Lour. 
Consul General of the 
State of Israel in Hous­ ton. and Dr. Harold Lae- bovvitz of the University of Texas at Austin, who will speak on “ Biblical 
Archaeology 

( ENTR \l CHRISTI \ \ 
Dr. Jam es M 
Moody, 
Chancellor of 
Ti *as 
Christian Cniversitv. will be a guest speaker at the ll) 55 a.m. Sunday wor­ ship sen ice. 

UNITED METHODIST 
The Rev. Mr. Jam es 
Lee C arter, associate 
. director of the conference council on ministries in 
San Antonio, will conduct a B p.m. Sunday evange­ listic service. 

THUNDERBIRD HILLS 
ERFE METHODIST 
Dedication day se r­ vices will he conducted by the Rev 
Robert An­ drews at the church, 44o2 
Spearhead St at J p m. 
Sunday. 
Special guests for the occasion w ill he Free 
Sp irit, a group of IO collegiate musicians who will perform at ll a ru 
Sunday. 

ST. PAUL S 
EPISCOPAL 
The women of the church will conduct their annual “ Shrove Tuesday 
Pancake Supper” Tues­ day at 5:3o p.m. at the church. KUK F. Grayson 
St. 
The public is invited. 
Price of the meal is $1.75 per adult and 75 cents for children 
The supper will be in the parish hall. Tickets v\ ill he sold at the door. 

RICHMOND AVENUE 
BAPTIST 
Harold Paltz of Hous­ ton will he the guest speaker for the JHI Ii an­ niversary service of the church at 
IO 3o a iii 
Sunday. 

MARGARITE B 
PARKER CH APEI- 
The 
Rev. 
Douglas 
Gutbier w ill speak on 
“ Something for Nothing” during tin* ll a.m. Sun­ 

 day worship service 
KIRST PRESBYTERIAN 
Dr Birch Ranibo will be the guest speaker at a 
“ W itness Season D in ­ ner” at the church at H 15 p.m. Thursday. 
Dr. 
Ranibo. a medical mis­ sionary. is chief of the hospital in 
Bibangn, 
Zaire. 

TRAVIS PARK UNITED 
METHODIST 
Sunday evening serv i­ ces beginning at 7 will he conducted throughout 
1977 at the church, 23o K. 
Travis St. 
The Rev Sid Spain will conduct tin' services 

KING OF KINGS 
LUTHERAN 
Ash W ednesday ser* 
\ices will he at 7:3o p in. with the theme of “ The 
Profiles of Humility — 
The Foot washer." 

FIRST UNITARIAN 

A biblical dance ver­ sion of I Chron . Chapter 
13. will he presented by 
Chs Cano. Susan Tomlin and Crank Young at 1o:3o a in. 
Sundae at the 

3 to receive 
Furey award 

Three men w ill be honored 
Saturday for cooperative efforts in San 
Antonio. New York and 
Los Angeles which bring two Catholic-produced television programs to thousands of 
South 
Texas view ers every week. 
Receiving the “ Arch­ bishop (Francis J .) Fu r­ ey Media Aw ard" will 

Insight is a dramatic series using Hollywood stars and writers to ex­ plore the moral and reli­ gious dimensions of con­ temporary life. 
KSAT-TV carries both programs to San Antonio and South Texas au­ diences. which according to reports, are growing rapidly. 
The awards are to be 

Doctor 
RALPH 
SEILER 
Preaching O n 

 be Mary knoll Father Hi--made during the 5th an­ olian! Armstrong of New nual Archbishop Furey 
York. producer and Chanties Fund Dinner in co-host of “ Christopher the Hilton Palacio del Rio 
Close-Up” ; 
Pa u list Hotel. 
Father Ellwood Keiser of 
Los Angeles, producer of action-drama “ Insight” ; and .James Schiavone of 
San Antonio, vice presi­ dent and general manager of KSAT-TV. 
Christopher Close-Up is produced in New York by the 
Christopher movement. . 

D r. h m a y *«[<*| 

I p a r l i i n ^ |m >*( 

ASSOCIATED PRISS 
N EW YO RK — Colum­ bia U n iversity has of­ fered a full professor’s job to Henry Kissinger, and the former secretary of state is seriously con­ sidering the position, it has been learned. 

CHRISTIAN CLUB 

FOR SINGLES 

Are you lonely? 

Would you like to 

 meet new friends? 

 lf you or# interested, meet of Wyatt s Cafeteria, 43o6 
N.W Loop 41o, 

7 P.M. 
February 19th 

“ W hy Stand Id le ?” 

1o :5 o S u n d a y M o rn in g W o rsh ip 
Scott an d Bonnie Je an M o u to n 
O rg a n ist an d C h oir D irector 
TRAVIS PARK METHODIST 
2 3 o I. T ravis free P a rk in g Across Stroo# 

Reverend 
SID SPAIN 

Preaching On 

“Walking A Tight Rope On A Windy D ay" 

SUNDAY EVENING SERVICES 

7 P.M. “Hour Of Power” 
O ld Fashioned G o sp e l M usic 
Bring Your Bibles 
Nursery Provided 

TRAVIS PARK METHODIST 

23o I. Travis 
Free P a rk in g A ero.. Strmet 

CONFUSED 
“•'CARE 
2 3 6 - 4 4 4 3 

NITY u r a l 

875o FOURWINDS DR 
IH 35 cd loop 41o 
PASTOR ALIEN RANDOLPH 

AN INTfR-OiNOMINATIONAL CONORCOATION 
V _____________ OF (Bf Lit VERS 
__ _ 

 r 
8 : 1 5 1 o 5o A.M . 
“GOD’S CREATIVi ALTERNATIVES” 
JO H N 6:1-13 living in God » delightful 
Surprises in Your Situations 

9:45 A M. 
LEARNING HOUR FOR ALL AGES 
Sanctuary clo u /IL McPherson 

6:oo P M. 

Spacial Musical Guests 
I 
D O N and D O N N A M O RPH IS 
^ 
. 
# encouraging 
(tie 
Christian community ta became wtwt Jesus intended . . . a positive. Heel­ ing inttuence in rn Hurting waftd ” 

TRUTH! 

 in ii vonlviitnorurs ans n il vom vrt 
Sat un lay, February I 1) 
M i t t I W F at lliv 
Churvh o f ( m »IIe Hills limn 

 church. 8o7 Boryl Drive. 
D uring the sermon period, dram atic read ­ ings from “ Shadow and 
Substance” will he pre­ sented by Karen Jones. 
Rich ard 
Jones. 
Tom 
G aines and 
Robert 
Stirrer. Joe Salek will be the narrator 
ST. ANDREW 
PRESBYTERIAN 
The Alamo Regional 
Council will sponsor a 
“ Region W ide Youth 
Event” from 3 to 8 p m. 
Sunday at the church, 
8231 Callaghan Road 
Mem bers of youth groups and other inter­ ested teen-agers from seventh through twelfth grades are invited to at­ tend along with youth sponsors. 
For information on re­ gistration lees contact 
Sylvia Martinez, Alamo 
Presb ytery 
Resource 
System, 319 Camden SI 

SHEARER 
HILLS 
BAPTIST 
Robert Hale, leading bass-baritone with the 
New York City Opera 
Company, aud 
Dean 

Wilder, director of vocal studies at W illiam Jewell 
College of Lib e rty in 
Missouri, will present a concert at 7 p.m. Sunday at the church. 
\ reception honoring the artists and their ac­ companist, Ovid Young. will follow the concert 
The church is located at 
8o2 Oblate St Tho public is invited. 

Baptist fete set 

Ground-breaking cere­ monies for the new Bap­ tist Center will be at ll a iii Saturday at the site iii the 3(1o biock of Sta­ dium Drive, just south of 
Trinity University. 

Guests w ill include former Mayor Walter W. 
McAllister, City Council­ man ( laude Black and 
Dr. Charles McLaughlin, executive with the Bap­ tist General Convention of Texas. 

The Baptist Center will be erected at a cost of 
$345,499 by the Mesquite 

( ontraiding Co. 
The building w ill in 
‘elude offices for the San 
Antonio Baptist Assn. and a conference center tor workshops, seminars and conferences. An en­ trance ramp will he pro­ vided for the handi­ capped 

WOMENS AGLOW 
FELLOWSHIP ipomgn 
Nettie lue Brooks 
Ram a ct Ina Boltrooin 
9:3o A M., Fob. 2 3rd 

GOSPEL ASSEMBLY 

4 I 7 Catalina 

 located off IH I o & Hildebrand 

Invites 

You To Hear 

“ W orld Traveled Sp eaker” 

DAVID COOK 

Feb. 23rd thru Feb. 27th 

W ednesday thru Sunday 

7:3o P M . Nightly 

IN C O N C ERT 

“ A morvolouf evening.” 

“ A concert you ju»t hove to experience." 

Friday 
Mar. l l - 8:oo P.M. 

— TICKETS — 

$3.oo 
$4.oo 
$5oo 

RESERVED SEATS 
O N SALE AT 

The Scripture Stall 
#736-2o24 

The Word of life 
#681-1983 

Arena Box Office 
225-6351 

Jam A Jelly 
General Store 
6426 North Now Brauntglt 
Mall Order: 

Christion 
Entertainment Co. 
P.O. Box 29211 
San Antonio, TX 78229 

San Antonio 

Convention Center Arena 

THE THRASHER BROTHERS 

And 
THE MASTER'S FOUR 

Friday, Feb. 25th 7:3o P M. 

Sam Houston High School Auditorium 

Advance Tickets $4.oo or Family Ticket $ 1o.oo 

The Scripture Stall 

The Christian Book Store 

The Christian Book Shoppe 

W onderland 

South Park M all 

Dellcrest Shopping Center 

H A L E AND W ILD ER h\ C o y C ER T 
T om orrow 

FEBRUARY 2oth 

 l/ J W / v s / O V 

I I l i b W 
I R IA 

I IO al H ule lo /trite 
‘*1 ut I eat n il Park I tall 

H im c m . 

I rind i Ha pi id ( hunii ll*J La*! Mullions 

'an Antonio. Tew* 

7:oo 
M 

•hearer Hill* HapiUi t hurt Ii 

 th>2 Oblate 

''ail Xiii att iii. Lexa* 

,— l n l « m n « « 

 m i m ) 

1:1 5-3:2o-5:25 
7:3o-9:35 
I 2:3o-2:45-5:oo 
9:3o 

» s s E a a E iiE a » 
& sh nun jill t u n MEHM mil 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S — Saturday February 19 1977 
Met audition finalists selected 

S i x f i n a l i s t s f r o m t h e 

 p r e l i r n i n a r v c o m p e t i t i o n 

 f o r t h e 
M e t r o p o l i t a n 

O p e r a 
N a t i o n a l 
C o u n c i l 

S o u t h w e s t 
R e g i o n a l 
A u 
­ 

 d i t i o n s h e l d 
T h u r s d a y 

 a n d 
F r i d a y a t 
M c A l l i s t e r 

A u d i t o r i u m h a v e b e e n 

 a n n o u n c e d . 

PG 
■9 • MTH CENTURE 

The fear is spreading* 

BAR. MAT. BOTH THEATRES 
NORTH STAR 

12:3o-2:55-5:2o 
7:45-1o:1o 

 i s s * t a i 
2:oo-4:3o-7:oo- 
9:3o 

IM I T B O 
A B T I B T B T M E A T B C 

HAPPY HOUK DAUT UNTIL I 3o (ix.pt TWILIGHT S ') AU MATTS! 25 

FEATURES T 
I ti 5-3:1 S P 
5 :1 3 -7 :1 5 I 
9 :1 3 
! 
THIM MUM FOAL VIP H A 
GUARDIAN Al TMI GATI I AOM Mill 
\ 
IwSMm 

 j sentinel 

* y 
* r w f f 
H 
% 
W 
M 
T 
A 
B 
H 

D ic k V o n D y k e 

 w a i t d i s m a y 
N a m dou m o m en t; 

MKT B U R M ^ 
/*•*..- 
^TiinH uteneras 

(M I U ' 12:1o 
3:oo 5:2o4:oo 

" T H M I " 2:o5 
4 25 2 o54.35 

FEATURES 
R 
I 2 : 3 o - 2 :4 5 I 
5 :o o 7 :1 3 
9 :5 o 

JILL 
C IA YBUH G H 
T h * F e a r Is 

7 t h B i o l 
•**'*• 
TTkJ Air* ' " * ..... "* iji-Th m i weeki ;CE3sDS3 

S p r e a d i n g ! 

 t h e } 
__ 
A 
N 
D 
R 
A 
E 

-A... 
BC A TI IBKC 
7 

 t 
I 
| Ut Sown— 12 3o 3 oo 5.3o4 OS 
I 2n4 kraal— 15o4 25 7 oo4 35 

N O M IN A T E D 

F O R T W O 

A C A D E M Y 

A W A R D S 
StriiMnd • KriituHeitun 

FEATURES 
I 3o-4:1 5 

N O 
PASSES 
* 
Richard 

W l d m a r k 

7 :o o 

I i i 
% f 
Burt 
o lu m o tte r 

| T W I L I G H T ’S 

STAR “ BORN! g l e a m i n g k 

FE A T U R E S 
1:25-3:25-5:25-7:2 5-9:25 
5TH WEEK OI LAUGHTER 

5 “CAR WASH” ... 
$ W here betw een 
J the hours of 9 and 5 
I anything can 
| happen , . . and 
J usually does! 

 color 
P U a m mr rn rn rn rn rn as rn rn m ’ 

W 
W 

BEST ACTRESS 
FAYE DUNAWAY 
BESTACTOR 
W IL L IA M H O LD EN 
• 
PETER FIN CH 
BEST DIRECTOR 
SIDNEY LUMET 
BEST SCREENPLAY 
PADOY CMAYEFSKY 
N E TW O R K 

WILLIAM PETER ROBERT 
DUNAWAY KOLDEN. FINCH DUVALL 
NETWORK 

PABST LMAT ETSNY 

B IBBEY U t M T T 
A * * * . H U M A N S MOTT m i I a 

M Pi f OK TLO 

 i n ii.* 

. . l i d 

V 
V db I*, awm; o144111 
I 2 :o o - 2:3 o -5:oo 
7:3 o - 1o:oo 

 l e g YUMM*Artists 

Pnkm] 
■ H M M * 
> I a 
111 5-3:15-3:25 

F i n a l i s t s a r e 
N a n c y 

O l s o n 
. 
J a m e s 
M o e l l e n 
- 

 h o f f a n d C a r o l y n 
S u e 

B r a d e n o f 
A u s t i n , 
D o l l y 

H a n d a n d 
R o s e 
B e n e d e t t 

 o f 
D a l l a s a n d 
T i m o t h y 

J e n k i n s o f A m a r i l l o . 

F i n a l i s t s f r o m t h e 

W e s t 
T e x a s - N e w 
M e x i c o 

D i s t r i c t p r e l i m i n a r i e s 

 w h i c h w e r e h e l d F e b 
. 5 i n 

E l 
P a s o a r e 
Y v o n n e 
L a 
­ 

 t v i a n a n d 
J u l i e t t a 
S a n 
­ 

 c h e z , b o t h s o p r a n o s f r o m 

E l 
P a s o , 
R o n a l d 
M o n t g o ­ 

 m e r y , a t e n o r f r o m 
C a n 
­ 

 y o n , a n d 
L i n d a 
J o h n s o n , 

 s o p r a n o f r o m 
A m a r i l l o . 

T h e v o c a l i s t s f r o m t h e 

 t w o p r e l i m i n a r y c o m p e 
­ 

 t i t i o n s w i l l c o m p e t e i n 

 f i n a l s a t 8 p 
. m 
. 
S a t u r d a y 

 i n M c A l l i s t e r A u d i t o r i u m 

 a t 
S a n 
A n t o n i o C o l l e g e . 

o 
1 
W 
O 
N 
D 
E 
R 
2 - * 

» ( 4y IV U t I 
1:45-4:2o-6:55-9:3o lit Sumo, 12:Jo-M B-5:So 4 4 5 
2a4 S c r a w l , 1 :5 o 4 :25-74 o 4 :2 5 
NO PASSES • NO BARGAIN MAT._______ 

W INNER of 5 G O LD IN GLOBES A W A R D 5 
Bott Comedy or Musical 
Best Picture 
Bet Actress 
Best Actor 
Best Song 

 lU RIM A H BAVARIA 
A fit RIA FMOOI* IU)' 

TWILIGHT S LAST G U AIMING 

AY At I HU AHU 
O 
O 

, 
R 
“F O X ” 
2 :o o -4 :3 o 
7 :o o -9:3o 
“CINE CINCO” & 
UA. MOVIES 4” 

1 
: 3 
o 
- 4 
: 1 
5 

7 
: o 
o 
- 9 
: 4 
5 

% 

— 
- 
— a l 

NEW LAUREL 
33)o SAN PEDRO ■ 73. 4551 

POSITIVELY 
LAST WEEK! 

..... M O N ./F R I.— . 
I 6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo | 

■SAT./S U N .' 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 

.oo- 8:oo- 1o:oo 

 l r 
2274311 

■ 
D O W N T O W N 

■ 
S T 
M A R T ' S A 

I 

NEXT 
FRIDAY! 
FEB. 25th 
"ROCKY" 
EXCLUSIVE 

PARK FREE A l l o A> ' 
ACROSS STREET 

SA T./S U N . WEEKDAY; 
AFTER 5 : 3 o P M . 
ALAMO BANK 
L - 
GARAGE 

7* 
C o f j D y s o c k s H K k e y s P o n y tms 

 i u . K 
N e c k i n g , # r f , * m e n p s r 
7\ \ o f m e i n n o c e n t " s o x 
** > 

 h 2 5 T i l l 2 *o o P I i 
TtAYMATES" 11:oo-2:1o-5:2o-8:3o 
1.49 H U a .v v r . M . „PARTY ,57„ 12;2o-3:35-6:5o-1o:oo 

HELD OVER! ONE WEEKI 

'TNK YOUNG 
P L A Y M A T E S " 

NO BARGAIN MATINEE 
POSITIVELY LAST WIEK 
'MISTY" 11:25-2:25-5:3o-8:2o 
‘LOVELY" 12:3o-3:5o-6:5o-1o:oo 

YOU VE READ ABOUT HER...TALKED ABOUT HER... 
/\n adult motion picture 
NOW SEE HER! 
# 
— to be enjoyed. 
M is t y 
\ 
By men. By women. 
Beethoven’ 

I n t r o d u c m # 
C o n s t a n c e M o n e y 
~c6 mINC THUkiDA Y> 
I 

T N K J O 
Y 
O f 

U 
T T I N 
G 
G 
O 
" | 
E, LOVELY 
VIVA! chiba! 

“ T H I S T R t t m G H T E R " 

SONNY CHIBA, HIRED TO KILL. 
IF HIS KICK DOESN'T GET YOU. 
HIS FATAL RST WILL! 

I n 
'D a n g e r . . . D r u g s . 
A u d D e a t h ! 

SONNY CHIBA 
MU UMM 

C O N N E C T IO N 
11 OO-J.1o-5 23 4.4o 

"G U A R D " 
12 3o-3 4o 
6 55-IO OS 

A ’KA 

M k t . 
A CANNON GMO*# INC MUUNTAYION 

P O 
4 A 
C O t ° * 
CAPITAN ST 

O l d H W Y *o * a t 34 
« 34- F ) 5 t 

’ •O O T 
7 OO- KFo5 FM 

C O N N E C T I O N 

• 3 o P M 

JJLW. 

San A ntonio Sym phony 

Feb. 2 1 t/ 2 2 * 
JO H N N ELSO N conducting 

Berlioz 
Excerpts from 
“The D am nation of F au st" 
Mozart 
Sym phony No. 33 
Stravinsky 
Petrouchka 

Mon. Feb. 2 1 , 7:3o pm Laurie Auditorium 
* Tuee. Feb. 22, 8:3o pm Theater for the Performing Arte 

TICKETS: $3 to $6.5o 
Call SYMPHONY BOX OFFICE 223-5591 

MANN THEATRES 
I BB m o w 
CENTRAL PARK T 
•^*V»M!»*l MI. SHOEMO ttM’lr J 

The Thrasher Brothers will appear in concert at 7:3o p.m. Friday at the Sam Houston High 
School Auditorium. Tickets for the concert can be purchased for $4 :and family tickets for $1o at Christian book stores. Tickets at the door will sell for $5. In 1975, the 
Thrasher Brothers introduced a song, “One 
Day At A Time,” which won the Dove Award at the G M A Convention in Nashville, Tenn. 

They to having such a rinwdafcl crime... 

 fL it's a shame jS to call the police! 

W AIT 
7 d is n e y 

“ S 
S 
® 

BURT LANCASTER 
TWILIGHT S UST GLEAMING’ 
FRI. 7:oo-9:3o v 
. 
SAT.-SUN. 2:oo-4:3o-7:oo-9:3o 

WALT DISNEY'S 
S K O W 
K O O T D 

I W M ' 
-“■Throe 
Caballeros 

In f* a tu r » tt« fo rm 

NORTHWEST SIX 

“ NEVHt” 1.15-4 4 o -6 4 o -9-4o 

“ 3 CAlAUBtOS" 12 3o 3 1o S SO 8 3$ 

 dr* VAN DYKE 
EMARD G ROBINSON dorothy PROVINE 
HCMHOOIOR. 
A MUSICAL FIESTA! 

V 

U.A. MOVIES 4 

“ NIVt i ” 12 3 6 3 6 o 5:3o-8oo 

3 CA8 AUOOS 
2 o o 4 35-765 9 35 

THERE MUST FOREVER DE A GUARDIAN AT 
THE GATE FROM HELL... 

T 
' - 
- 
4 
I 

SHE W AS Y O U H G 

S H I WAS DE AU TIFUl 
SHE WAS TF« HEXT. 

I Multo talus* lidnii Pi jai • teoijeEulii Ej I R fSESmiCTEO 

1:3 o - 3 :2 5 - 5 :1 5 -7 :1 o - 9 :o 5 (PG ) 

Callaghan 
Twin 

 sentinel 

«tn NKO pom 
44I I C A U M M M I rn 
— 
—■ — 
Consider the possibilities. 

THE BAD NEW S 

CHRIS SARANDON • CRISTINA RAINES 

MARTIN BALSAM • JOHN CARRADINE 

JOSE FERRER • AVA GARDNER 

ARTHUR KENNEDY • BURGESS MEREDITH 

SYLVIA MILES • DEBORAH RAFFIN • ELI WALLACH 

I-3 -7 -9 
WALTER 
MATTHAU 

JU 

(PG) 
TATUM 
O’NEAL 

NORTHWEST SIX 
134o-24o-44o 
•4o44o-1o4o 

CENTURY 
124o-24o4:oo 
•4o4:oo-1o4o 

CINE CINCO 
1:1 S-3:1S-StI S 
7:15-9:13 

Express-News Want Ads 225-1666 

AND 
CUDE., 
TUEY 
® 
AINT. 
"FUN WITH" 
DICK&JANE” 
EXCLUSIVE 
PG 
1 2 -2 -4 -6 -8 -1 o 
NORTH STAR 

3 4 2 - 9 3 o 4 
T U E 
I C A S S A N D R A 
C R O S S I N G , , 

I 2 :2 o - 2 :4 o 
5 :o o - 7 :2 o 
-—« 
9 :4 o 

H i __________ 

F IMM 
^ I VU KIN BAI Alt 

THE SHOOTISr 

12:1 5 - 2:1 o 
4 :o 5 -6 :o o 
7 :5 5 -9 :5 o 

WUCK flt M »1 PQ M i 5NOW54T A U H M H I 

 abc INTERSTATE 

BROADWAY 
494o BROADWAY iii 1351 

2:45 

5:oo 

7:15 

9:3o 

L a s t <% c o a ti 
A Homa ne t* 

K iiliv rt IM* NUrw 

 l u n y C u r l I . 
M i l * h u m J t - t m n r M n r r a u 
J i > k N u h ill M in I h u m id l*l»-.i^»in »• 

H**y M iltu n d D u im A n U rt v> . I itg n d l iu u l li n g 

H u riiU IH nlrr 
S * M K ^ r g r l 
I IM k * m n 
M w b M . vuM r J .rrr 

(HINN*. . Am. 

EXCLUSIVE! 

H i MpMBMpBgl 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N E W S --Saturday February 19 1977 

 i t t e M u s e u m s h o w s s t u d y i n k i t s c h 

[Review 

 v HOBERT TIEM ANN 

Th** Witte Museum is 
^ p lay in g an excellent didy in kitsch. 
TCitscil is art for the tu tees where the m asses lite** lit e r a te b u t a re iflfgDucated in art. It is lie art of fads and la- bialis. It can be turned 
•ut mechanically and has 
•cedule an integral part 
•fyotir society in a way 
I t a l high art could never 
I*. its purpose and func­ tion is to make money, not art. It is invading every aspect of our so­ ciety and affects each of its m em b ers. Its en o r­ mous profits are a source of te m p ta tio n to the avant-garde itself, and its m em bers have not al­ ways resisted this tem p­ tation. 

Since kitsch is the en­ em y of good ta s te . I w onder why o u r eyes have to be assaulted and our intelligence insulted by the Rodeo Show at the 
Witte Museum. 
The show originated at the Fort Worth Art Mu­ seum under the direction of R ichard K oshaleck. who has since been re­ placed. Six Texan and five New Y ork a rtis ts were invited to “ respond to" the Fort Worth Ro­ deo. 
The project was supported by the Texas 
Commission on the Arts and H um anitites. Since 
Texas spends less money on art than almost any other state, I wonder on what grounds this show 

 was selected for funding. 
The only good piece iii the Fort Worth show is not in San Antonio: Ro­ bert R aushenberg's Ro­ deo Palace is noticeably absent. 
Photos 
The best works at the 
Witte are photographs by 
Gary Winogrand. His ro­ deo and cowboy life pho­ tos are straig h tfo rw ard docum entations, without any of th e cu te n e ss or put-ons of the o th er 

 pieces. Since he is so ob­ viously out of place, I was surprised that he was se­ lected for the show. 
The biggest spectacle is Red G room s’s “ Ruck­ us Rodeo.” His outsized pinata-t.vpe s c u lp tu re s would be m o re a p p r o ­ priate on a float in the an n u a l P o te e t S tr a w ­ berry Festival and Rodeo p a ra d e th a n in an art m useum . Mimi Grooms does plexiglas equiva­ lents of her husband's work. 

Terry 
Allen and 
George 
Green. both 
Texas artists, have cre­ ated environmental pieces of sophomoric morality — bad country- western songs made vis­ ual. Ed Blackburn, the only painter in the show, exhibits a huge, o v erb ­ lown painting of a cow­ boy’s face that looks like a misunderstood copy of a Chuck Close painting. doe 
Z u c k e r ’s la rg e mural, made up of pieces of toilet tissue, only 

 serves to point out that there is a better use for tis su e p a p e r. 
A ndy 
M anti, a n o th e r 
New- 
Y orker, has m ounted a group of television sets on top of a corral fence that shows us sim u lta n ­ eous view s of p a ra d e s and rodeos. It made me aware of how boring TV is without the c o m m e r­ cials. 
Also missing from the exhibition is John Alber- t y ’s and Jo e F e r re ll 
H o b b s’s M obile R anch 

 piece, an arrangem ent of p ic k u p tr u c k s , h orse tr a ile r s , c a ttle g u a rd s and longhorn steers. This piece is so rely m is se d because at least it would have gotten us out of the m u s e u m and into th e fresh air. 
A c c o m p an y in g the show is a pretentious ca­ talog that tries to connect these works to the great tradition of realistic art in A m e ric a . T h e show will co n tin u e th ro u g h 
April J. 

RODEO SH O W at W itte include 
“W aitin’ Behind the Bullpen” by Mimi 
Gross Grooms. 

S y m p h o n y 

 g e t s g u e s t 

(illest conductor John 
Nelson will lead the San 
Antonio Symphony Mon­ day and Tuesday nights. 

Nelson has conducted at the Aspen Music Fes­ tival. Chicago Symphony. 
National Symphony and the orchestras of Atlanta, 
Indianapolis, 
New Jer- 
>ey. H artford. New Ha­ ven. Nashville and Cin­ cinnati. 
* our 
J VV iii Ie a student at the 
•billiard School, he made tips New York debut con­ ducting the New York 
Chamber Orchestra and tile 
M ozart 
F e stiv a l 
Chorus. He became the ijnisic director of the Pro 
A rte C h o rale and O r ­ chestra and of the 
Greenwich Phi Ilia rinonia 
O rch estra, from “ The 
D am nation of F a u s t." 
Mozart's Symphony No. 
•TI iii B Flat Major, and 

 f 
Today at 
S f 
Today at 
^ 

N O R T H W E S T S IX 
IP IO .UM* OO .ll orb*., lilt 
MA AIM 
C E N T U R Y S O U T H 6 
IM IM Sr MPI ITI. 
SIA AU I 

Chack display ad for Pimas and policies 
Chack display od for Pimas and pol kist 

"FREAKY FRIDAY" 
“FREAKY FRIDAY" 

"THE SENTINEL" 
"NETWORK" 

"SEVEN PER-CENT SOLUTION" 
"THE SENTINEL" 

"BUFFALO JONES" 
“KING KONG" 

"THE MAGIC CHRISTIAN" 
"BUFFALO JONES" 

"NEVER A DULL MOMENT" 
PLUS "THREE CABALLEROS” k 
. J 

"THE TOWN THAT 
^ DREADED SUNDOWN" J 

T 
Today at mw khih outboos 
I 
Check display 
? 

'SUITALOJONIS" J ,.ttuMii, p ,„ T .s r . I 

| “THI h a w hook i i " | "AiM Auiow im niAS" 

T i p ” 

I m u s iKl] IIT n J I 

4 JO S S an Padre 
7 3 3 -7 I •• 

( I N I U I V f . 
I O U I N 
124o-2:o6 
4:o64:o6 tw Mil o. • i i N 
J I b 
® OO 1o:oo 
No Bargain Matinee 
A GREAT NEW COMEDY SWITCH! 

 r 
12:oo-2:oo- 
4:o66:o6 
1:oo-1o:oo 

JOHN NELSON 
. . . leading symphony 
S travinsky’s “ P e troucli- ka.“ 
Monday’s concert will tie at 7:Ho p.m. at Laurie 
Auditorium Tuesday the symphony will play at 
8:3o p.m. at the Theater for the Perform ing Arts. 

NORTH WK IT l i t 

•AMAIN MATW*! 
' N 
DANT H » TH!ATW 
CAPACITY K )t RWT 
PUfOWAANC! ONTY 
PHO «t Im . AIA «R [Uttfhrn Im 
HA AIM 
MIDNIGHT SHO W TONIGHT: 
LISTEN TO KTFM FOR DETAILS 
COMI ABOARD THE UU. MAGIC CHRISTIAN, WHIR! THI PASSENGERS 
HAVEN'T HAO SO MUCH FUN MHC! THE TITANIC! 

“T h e c M a g ic C h r is t i a n ” 
V eter Sellers 
‘B ingo Starr 
__________ 
‘RoquetW elch 
(PG) i 

Politician lo sit o n e oui 

DALLAS 
(A P ) 
- 
Former Dallas city coun­ cilman Gary Weber said 
Friday there is nothing lie would like m o r^ th an a re m a tc h with M ayor 
Robert Folsom , but he blends to sit out the 1977 campaign. 
, \\\ a news conference. 

W eber also ruled out a race for his form er city council scat now held by 
Bill Blackburn. 
He said he had been urged by su p p o rters to run for mayor. “ Many of us feel the outcome (of the previous race) is still u n d e c id e d ,” he said. 
Last 2 Days 

My ron Floren 

F e b . 1 8 , 1 9 a n d 2 o . 

NORTH WK IT l i t 

Joule 
John 
HARRIS FOSTER IM ASTIN 

Patly K t lif DteA WAH PATTER SoNflplfllf by MARY RODGERS 
Based on 
, 
IE we by ip cr i rn in nx' lit bm* bv MARY TORS mHNNY MNM Hor fflhffRt* ai KASHA and JOU HIRST,mw 

Plodded bv RON MILLER Drrdedby GARYNLLSON T e c h n ic o lo r - 
■touw: Ay n« ha vFi't msTRwtwi rn rn ©ISIS HOLI AMAY m u r i n e lf } ) — . 
J 

Pl IS «• Im* AIS .M lilt 
MMIM 

•AMAIN PU TINI! 
DART NM W U U * 
CAPACITY NM MHT 
PIIPOtMANCf OMIT, 

Sherlock Holmes meets Sigmund Freud 
THE SEVEN-PER-CENT 
_ ^ t - 
SOLUTION m 

ALAN ARKIN • VANESSA REDGRAVE • ROBERT DUVALL 

C 12:oo-2:9o- 
5:o67:36 
1o:oo 
T h e m ost exciting J, o rig in a l m o tio n picture event of a ll tim e. 

 put turniii tu t: 

1 2 o 2 C w ithro 

V A R S I T Y 
O U T D O O R T H !A T H 
TOWN TW IN 
O U T D O O R THI ATAR s 
IR A**' 
I .ikI « • t «•# I I 111 
RIAHI 

“ D fV IL ’S” 7:3o-1o:45 
“ N IG H T " o:15 
NOT SINCE “VILLAGE 
OF THE DAMNED" 
HAS DEATH 
BECOME SO 
J 
. an 
& 
SAVAGE... 

( I N T i J l f r 
L O I I M 
T ; 

% W AAN Or e t IM I S t o 
o 2 4 - o 1 ) 1 

& 
4 
^ 

JEFF 

 and A nacani 
F e b . 1 8 , 19 a n d 2 o . 

Attend Th* 28th Annual San Antonio 
SHOW 
ODEO cut »HI I MAP. 
» St UM Pl am iant • t< 

V 
L E S £ J 
- 
- O ^ 

B 
C K N T I K tf, 
L 
O 
I 
I I I f j 

I l i m n 
1 5 

 tom e 
IAN KISKO 
T R IP I! S C R U M O U T D O O R 

12:oo-3:oo-4:oo-6:oo-8:oo 1o:oo 
“ T O W N ” 7:3o-1o:55 
“ T IX A S " 4:2o 
IN 1946 THIS MAN 
KILLED FIVE PEOPLE 
...TODAY HE STILL 
LURKS THE STREETS OF 
TEXARKANA, ARKANSAS. 

TMK TOWN THUT 
DRKflDKD SUNDOWN 

A TRUE STORY 

>55™ K»5m,“A SMAII TOWN IN TIXAS’U 

 f 
“ W IVES" I IC, I [ l l EJ I! I 
12:3o-3:3o- 
) ) 9 VV JeMtfrtttft* 
U N I T I RIAT 
C H V S W I M fTTJfpttf Soak st RO 
OSO »JPS 
12 OR I 44-2 2*5*4-4 4*^2o 1 O H 

“KEY OF TNT.. 
BEAUTIFUL, 
SENSUOUS AND 
FANTASTIC!” 

TIM BECKY m 
—Hustler 

W O € IDT A W N 
I A l l 
IAMbH*Uikw|U m -tm l! »!>AA) W IDO. JAI OO T JA 

(X) 
FANTASCX 

 b i l l i n g 
^ lu iv a s 

“MU" 
2:1o-5:1o- 
••IO 

C l N I U R I * ; 
K l t J I N 
U 
AW Mil A. . I IM l l i . 
AIA I I J I 
12:oo-2:oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo 
I 2:oo -2:oo -4 iOO 
6:oo-8:oo-1o.oo 
IAN RERKO 
T l l P t l JC R U N O U T D O O R 

Van • - * - » i A m .,, Arf 
AAA JA JA 
“ B U F F A lO M 7:3o-1o:1o 
“ S T R A N O IR ” 4:2o 

 r n 
K H U O N 
T W IN O U T D O O R THI A TIA lima 

J I OO Rm m v .I i 
I J J J H P 
“ B U F F A LO " 7:3o-11:o5 
“ UEOKNDS” 4.2o 

N o B a r g a in M a tin ® ® - N o Pa»»® s - N o S p a c ia l A d m is s io n T ick e ts 
HE RODE A GIANT BUFFALO 
INTO A WILDERNESS FILLED WITH ADVENTURE! 

THE UPG AND LEGEND OP 
BUFFALO 
■O NES 

TH M HUSA ANDS AAI TOO 
AUST... ARE TOU? 

Plum 

“ S E L F 

S E R V I C E 

S C H O O L 
' 

G I R L S ' # 
(XI 

/ n S S S 
124o-4:5o 
4:4o 

 c W iS\ “JAWS" l4B4kio\ wvttwows 
I AJA ! f . A . '» S i N r | RA 
PJS AIU 
3:2o4.1o 

^ 
( f l o s s i e 

 m jp 

For ticket information call 22S 4* V7 

L ecsU n m Vtontnomrrv VNard sear* hjllm m J Western Wear Uh* Freeman t oilworn 
F a r t a r r w e t D®<®a i M <tinrr> Satuidav and Monday. I** A 2o su n 2 I* M 
S ig h t y h u w t Feb 11 2o at ’ JO I1 M 
Tt«fe»« Prt«®6J AU *>«-aU KeMrrved Bakun* 
How* MO VE V) HaUon v How* 11 14 
Si haivonv Row* IV Id %2 SO I'm #* ti* Iud* aal* jUmiAwun 

RIUS- 
“ DEEP JAWS",,, 

RIUS 
“ DIVERSIONS^, 

 i A C U ANE) 
O U T D O O R IMA A I AI 
TBAMF 7:3o 
1o:55 
OWW 4 JO 
THAT GIRL lf A TRAMP 

RIUS 
1*1 
“ DIARY OF A 
SIN N ER " (X) 

BEST PICTURE YOU'LL SEE THIS YEAR! 
'SCEN IC A N D W ILDLIFE A C T IO N p g n r.iau saaci m u m i s . 
SH O TS ARE BREATH -TAKIN G I" 
” 
* * ’ " “T 
M r . 
Mul 
“THE STRANGER 
“WHEN THE 
AND THE 
G UNFIGH TER" 
LH V A N CLEir (PO) 
LEGENDS DIE*’ 
BICHARD W ID M A R K (R) y 

 t h a i 
M IS S IO N 
T W IN O U T D O O R IM I A T IP ll) I Pw iimM 
JJT JJA* 
JIM iMMr* 
IJJ JI IP 
“ R IV IN G * ” 12:1o-3:o54:oo4:55 
‘ H IV IN G ! ” 74o-1o:35 
“ S H A D O W " 1,3o4.25-7.2o 
“ S H A D O W * 445 
“REVENGE FR 

U I I K I H I 
O U I DOL JR I MI A IP I 
AIR A M.Aum. Im,. RA apa II) 
R I V IN C H ' MO-IO.JI 
“ S H A D O W ” 4:o5 ff PLUS 
An Extraordiniry 
Adv®ntur® into th® Unknown 

 f i l l , K O A !) 
OU I DOOR IM I (U R I 

I ,.A I S J . a1 U m p A l# 
PJA P H J 
“ SCX” 7:3o-16.2o 
“ F liS H " 4iIo-II4o 

TOWN T W M 
O U T D O O R I MS AHR rn rn • a*. i t l l i*T775» 
Six" 7:3o-162o 
'FLISH” 4:1611.4o 

I S 
H 
E 
E 
* 

PLUS 

 s i 

'l i m n e r 
P a r t y '5 7 

* l° j la p B ^ p o X S i 

IH I ULTIMATE IN SClKNCf FRICTION! 

Poge 
12-D 
« 
SAN A N T O N IO EXPRESS -S a tu rd a y February 19 1 9 7 7 
M eeting slated on copyright laws 

John Igo, professor at 
San Antonio C ollege, will p resen t a program on copyright information for artists at 7:3o p.m . Mon­ day at th e S o u th w e st 

('raft Center. 

The presentation w ill co v er th e c o p y r ig h t s available for handicrafts] and other works of art. 

T he o n ly a d m issio n tion toward the cost of charge is a 5o-cent dona- refreshm ents.________ 

Tlbp NEW CHRISTY MINSTRELS 
|Uve at Tinrrie Creek Cburtn/Chib 
On*' 
Sunday*! i-bru* 

Come hear the mellow pop sounds of the New 
Christy Minstrels. The world famous group combines the best of the contemporary and pop sounds to create a unique new music of their own. Come early and enjoy a delicious buffet from 5:3o to 8:oo. Showtime’s at 8:45 with dancing before and after the show. Admission for the show is Just $6 per person. See for yourself why “The Best Country Club in Town” is becoming “The Home of the Big Stars” 
Hurtle Greek 
Country Club 

For reservations and more information Call 
“The Best Country Club in Town” 696-56oo 

BIG 3-DAY WEEKEND! 
OPEN SAT.-SUN.-MON. 7 A.M. 

7-fT, TIU ANTIQUE SIDEBOARD I DUNCAN PHYFE FURNITURE 
Several Color TVs 
TANCK A BARBARA SIAU I 23, 24 

DENIM & LEATHER JACKETS 
Sizes 32*44, other 
Values 
$ 4 o 
Denim items on sale. to $55 
NOW I O 
BEU HOVKSTADT s t a i l l 29 

RODEO SPECIAL 
WESTERN TROPHY 
BELT BUCKLES 
BIO JOHN 

Reg. $6-$ 12 SALE 
>4 » |o »7 «o 

STALL 1-21 

CLEARANCE—WINTER WESTERN HATS 
Valves $15 to $35 
SALE 
^ 
$ 

_CAROL HARTUNG 
ST AU LSI 
NEW LIVING ROOM FURNITURE f e e 
, SPECIAL 2o% Off 
TH I OUTPOST 
ST A U 1-31 

 a i® 
Choose 194o thru 1974 Except 1943. 
• 
9*1 r°N 
ADOLPH SERENO s ta ll 
THE SAN ANTONIO 
FLEA MARKET 
1428 AUSTIN HW Y. 
8 28 1488 
BETWEEN BROADWAY A LOOP 41o 
HS 

DON T GET 
CAUGHT 
MISSING 
OUR 
OLD 
FASHIONED 
RSH 
FRY 

ALL 
YOU 
CAN 
EAT! 

 l f 

IS L 
$2.95 

GOLDEN FRIED 
FISH FILLETS 

Filets of fish, deep-fried to a golden tan, plus cream cole slaw and crispy French fries. 

SERVED SUNDAY 

 l l tun. • IO p.m. 

MST Sa* M r * / M f - 1493 

Come one, come all! The circus is in town! Circus Vargas Ringmaster 
Tom Gorman promotes the show Friday before a large group of elementary school children and toddlers. A free preview show under the big top will be at I 1:3o a.m. Saturday at South Park Mall. Other performances are at 1, 4 :3 o and 8 p.m. Saturday and I 2 :3 o , 4 and 
7:3o p.m. Sunday. 
’N oah’s A rk’ due 

A lecture and film pre­ sentation, “ The R e -D is­ covery of Noah's Ark," v\ill be presented at I p.m. next Friday in the 
F iesta Room o f Loft in 

Student C enter on the 
San 
A n to n io 
C o lle g e cam pus. 

The men involved w ere recen tly featu red in a 

 film by the sam e nam e. 

This event is open to the student body and the c o m m u n ity fr e e of charge. 

 e ^ N 9 
OSMSO fio tb b a re p 

Restaurant 

Black forest 
Steaks apd 
Seafoods 

I 
WE’RE FROM CORPUS 
I 
Excellent Cocktails 

OPEN 11:3o LM . - 11:oo PJL; SAT. 5:oo-11:oo P.M. 
9226 Wurzbach Road at Data Point 
6 9 6 - 9 1 I 4 

6 o s/N £ > 
< 2 /? v r\o 

MISS FIESTA 

CONTEST OPEN TO A U SAN ANTONIO 
COEDS AND HIGH SCHOOL SENIORS 
Sir **"Y No*** ■» fo tiv d Son Jodirt* Am b. O ffk* Bt S it M y rtle 
Bldg. Weekdays brtwwM fcflO cum. A 5:oo p.m. Him february 22. 
ACT NOW - Number of Candidates is limited! 

For Control Air A Hooting 
Solos A Service 
M r. K 
Air Conditioning A Heating Co. 
Your Friedrich D ealer 
6 5 7 -o o o 1 
No Extra Charge For Service On Weekends 
9415 INTERSTATE 35 N. 

S I 
JI 

SILENCE IS GOLDEN . . . MUSIC IS STERLING 

Save! 

Special Pricing on 
JBL Products! 

L-26 

TWO-WAY BOOKSHELF 
SPEAKER—THE MOST 
POPULAR JBL MODEL. 
IN NATURAL OAK 
WITH BLUE. BROWN. OR 
ORANGE GRILLE. 
Reg. 168.oo 
129.oo 

L-36 

OUTSTANDING 
THREE WAY 
SPEAKER SYSTEM. 
NATURAL OAK 
CABINET WITH 
BLUE. BROWN. OR 
ORANGE GRILLE. 
Reg. 225.oo 
179.oo 

UBL 

TECHNICS 

Model RS 263AUS 
Cassette Record/Play Deck 

D olby NR switch, C rO j/norm al tape selector, memory rewind, 
VU meters and much more. 
Was 2oo.oo 
159.95 

259.oo 

PIONEER SX 55o 
AM/FM STEREO RECEIVER 
The way high fidelity should be: 

Low Noise, low distrotion, low price 

2o watts per channel, minimum RMS 

 at 8 ohms from 2 o-2o,ooo Hz with no more than o.3% THD 

TECHNICS SL 23 

 by Panasonic 

Outstanding beit-drive turntable. Complete with Audio-Techmca 
AT-13ooE cartridge 

Reg. 199.9o 1 4 9 .9 5 

A SPEAKER SYSTEM BUILT LIKE A 
PROFESSIONAL STUDIO M O N ITO R . 
OILED WALNUT CABINET, W ITH GRILLES 
IN BLUE, BROW N, OR O RANG E. 

SOUND GUARD 

Record cleaner- protective silicon shield to keep records from wearing out. 

Reg. 25o.oo 199.95 

Separately 
169.9o 

AUD IO VO X ID-6oo 

1 3 9 .9 5 

In-dash AM/FM stereo radio with stereo cassette player. 
Includes a pair of Audiovox 
COSC-2o flush-mount speakers. 

Separately 
139 9o 
9 9 .9 5 

MECCA IRK-7o8 

5 .4 9 Reg. 6.99 

BSR Mark ll 

Reg. 69.95 
4 9 .9 5 

A complete changer package— with base, dust cover, and cartridge ready to play! 

ELECTRO-VOICE 
EVS-14B 
1o” . 2 way stereo speaker system in walnut finish. 

Reg. 1o9.95 
7 9 .9 5 

ELECTRO-VOICE EVS-13B 
2-way stereo 
Reg. 79.95 speaker system 
A Q O C 
(not shown) 

Separately, 
389.85 
299.95 
PIONEER AM/FM STEREO SYSTEM 
Pioneer's SX-45o stereo receiver-with performance, power, and versaility unmatched at this low price. BSR Mark ll-complete changer with base, dust cover, and cartridge-ready to play. A pair of ELITE Model 25 speakers, bookshelf sized with 8 woofers and 3 “ cone tweeters. 

■■ii in'?; p a r ; o 

AKAI AS-1o7o 
AM/FM STEREO RECEIVER 
5o watts per channel min. RMS at 8 ohms from 2o-2o,ooo Hz, with no more than o.3% THD. Full features. 

JUST 3 4 9 .9 5 

ELITE 
Model 45 
Three-way speaker 
12” woofer 
5 ” midrange 
3 ” tweeter. 

Reg. 99.95 
5 9 .9 5 

CRAIG 3145 
CRAIG 9414 
CRAIG 3513 

In dash AM/FM stereo radio with stereo 
8-track tape player. 

Sep. 139.9o 
Sep. 139.9o 
119.95 
119.95 
THIS SALE PRICE INCLUDES 
A PAIR OF CRAIG 9414 FLUSH-MOUNT SPEAKERS WITH A LL WIRING INCLUDED. 

In-dash AM/FM stereo radio with stereo cassette player. 

 in-dash 8 track tape player with AM/FM stereo radio. 
Local/distance switch for better FM reception. With a pair of Sheraton 82 3ooo 
6X9 flush mount speakers with grilles. 

CRAIG 34o4 

 mss 7 9 .9 5 

Portable 8 track player with AM/FM stereo radio. 
AC/DC. Separates for greater stereo effect 

3M Scotch 
MC-9o C Box 2-Bag 

Reg. 7.78 
5 .9 9 

A 2 bag of Matter cassettes in C-Box storage boxes. 

TAX TIME SPECIALS 

SHARP EL-8116 
Memory/Sq. root calculator. 
Only 
9 .9 9 

MIIOA MC 22o8 
8-coiumn 
Desk-top calculator. 
Only 
5 9 .9 5 

CRAIG 9414 

ROYCE 2 212 

STERLING 
SOUND. 

OPEN 3 NIGHTS AWEEK! 
MON. THURS. FRI 1o-9; 
TUES & WED 1o-6; SAT 9-6 

 yjhopptn 

CB AND CAR STEREO INSTALLATION AVAILABLE!! 
411 PaT BOOKtR RO 
717 N W. LOOP 41o 
46oo SAN PEDRO AVE. 
14o7 S W MILITARY DR. 
658-7o77 
341-8111 
735-9173 
924-5951 
(UNIVERSAL CITY) 

1 5 9 .9 5 
AM/FM/CB radio all in one in-dash unit tor less than the cost of a good car stereo alone! 
Hut a Roy ce 2-212 magnetic mount antenna and a pair of 
Craig 9414 stereo speakers! 
(, 

4 6 o o 
SAN PEDRO 
735-9 1 7 3 
OPEN 
SUNDAY 1 2 -6 

M O N . THRU FRI. 
1o a.m.-7 p.m. 

CLOSED SA TU R D A Y 

Great America’s 

 daring designs 

 make difference 

What m akes the really great homes in San Antonio 
Great America homes? It’s quality built hom es with exciting design features that say personality. 
They are the homes that su r­ pass excellence to combine the u n ex p e cte d with tru e q u ality and elicit “ oohs and aahs” from prospect ive homebuyers. 
Soaring vaulted ceilings 
These tine fe a tu re s include soaring vaulted ceilings that so­ m e t im e s ex te n d beyond second-story living areas; b a l­ conies that overlook beautiful views outdoors aud o v e rh a n g spacious living a re a s indoors; and w o o d b u rn in g fir e p la c e s with highly creative and unusual brick treatm en t. All cause ex­ citement among visitors. 
Overhead skylights open up unexpected areas; multi-levels distinguish rooms without r e s ­ tricting space: and glass panels and a tr iu m s add d r a m a tic d i­ m en sio n s to living a r e a s by bringing home and environment together as one. 

Seven sites of prestige for locales 

Every room is detailed with careful attention to quality, de­ sign styling, p rac tic a lity and energy-efficiency. But all have a pizazz of their own, whether in­ side or out. 
Because every Great America hom e is d esig n for its own homesite, no two or alike. Cus­ tom finishing and design options let your G re a t A m erica home reflect even more of your p e r­ sonality and lifestyle. 
You will find Great America homes in San Antonio’s finest com m unities. In northw estern 
San Antonio, visit Park Forest, north on Huebner Road off NAV. 
Loop 41o, where hom es ran g e from $59,IKK) to $1oo,ooo. Hidden 
Creek features Great A m erica 

 homes from $63,ooo to $115,ooo and is located near Turtle Creek at the junction of NAV. Ill IO and 
NAV. Loop 41o. 
Also in n o r th w e s te r n San 
Antonio, F o rest Oaks E s ta te s offers G re a t A m e ric a h o m es from $45,5oo to $6o,ooo. Visit the community by driving south on 
Wurzbaeh Road off NAV. IM IO. 
Great A m e r i c a ’s newest c o m ­ munity, Elm Creek, is located at 
Va nee .Jackson and W urzbaeh 
Roads and features new homes from $75,ooo to $11o,ooo. 
In north central San Antonio, new Great America homes are available in Thousand Oaks, off 
San Pedro Avenue, from $59,ooo to $75,ooo. Hidden F o re st, off 
Blanco Road in the rolling hills of north B exar County, offers new h o m es fro m $56,ooo to 
$75,ooo. 
The Oaks in San Pedro Hills, with tree-covered lots overlook­ ing downtown San Antonio, fea­ tu re s G re a t A m e ric a h o m es from $49,7oo to $6o,ooo. Visit the com m unity 4.5 m iles north of 
NAV. Loop 41o on San P e d r o 
Avenue. 
GREAT A M E R IC A m ode l h om es b o a st exciting, in n ovative decorator interiors 
J 

N EW H O M ES 
T O W N H O M ES 
APARTM ENTS 
■V ---------- ^ 
I 

San Antonio EX P R E SS-N E W S 
Saturday February IV 1977 
Page 

C O M M U N IT IES 
FOR ALL K IN D S 
OF LIFESTYLES 

^V_n^LARGEST CLASSIFIED AWD REAL ESTATE SECTION TN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS <> I 

CL ASSI FICO D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED S IS K A Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISM A Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISM AY 
^ULSsm»BWiAY“ 
CLASSIFIED D IS M A Y ciAiimnrwspiAY 
CLASSIFIED D IS M A Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
NEW HOME 
THEATER 

B ri^ w ic k TAXES! ft ft M °’ooo to $43*ooo ll 111 I 
I r s 
$3o,ooo to $43,ooo 

AVENUE OF FLAGS 

111 ii ll ll royal crest homes 

\ 

NORTHWEST... 
NO CITY 

 liv 

J —G kit 

= T 

>4 

 br 3 bi r entry 
Y 

 form al 

1 _ 

 i i t il 

$358/mo. 

• C a th p rtc* $37,SSO N o d o « n p a y m an! and no clo sin g costs. 
VA m o r t g a g e $ 3 7 ,9 6 o 
3 6 o a q u a l m onthly principle and intarast p a y­ m ents of $ 7 7 6 OO tor 3o years at 
• % A n n u a l Parcantaga Rata 
Principal and Intarast 
$776 oo 
T ax#* (C o , Stats, bch ) 
63 OO 
(Not) City T exas 
, 
, 
-O- 
Insurartca . . 
.. . 
19 OO 
TO TA L M O P A Y M E N T 
$3*-h OOI 

 t i l 

Split bedroom plan for privacy • Fireplace 
• Cathedral ceilings • Two full tile baths 
• Utility room with washer dryer hookups 
Two car finished garage • Complete pri­ vacy fencing • Patio and landscaping 

NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 
NO CITY TAXES MEANS LOWER 
MONTHLY PAYMENTS 

Northside School District • Minutes to 
UTSA, USAA, South Texas Medical Center 
• Easy access to expressways • Near beau­ tiful Texas Hill Country. Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. Take Bandera Rd. 
31/2 nil. north of N W. loop 41o and turn right at the Wildwood sign. 

Ph. 681 3o2o 

Ray Ellison 

L mi.ii.hiJ H o m e s 

 t 

Enjoy 
I Hill Country > 
Living. . . 

 in Northwest San Antonio in beautiful O a k Creek. 
O ur premium 4 homes range from $ 4 8 ,5 o o to 
$ 9 o ,o o o on large w ood­ ed homesite*. Customized homes available for im­ mediate move-in. 
Please visit our professionally decorated models todayl 
Furnished 
Models Open 
, 
Daily 
J 
\ 684-3112 J 

C EN TER, 

IS O N 
VALLEY 

LA C K LA N D 
KELLY,. 
AFB 
AFB, 

Value brightens picture 

 s p e c ia l t o t h e g o l d e n t w i n s 
CHICAGO - With inflation taking a heavy toll on every fam ily’s budget, many ho­ meowners have discovered the current value of their property is the brightest spot on their financial picture. 
‘‘Since IHM, while the cost of living has increased 82.7 per cent, the aver­ age selling price of most homes has climbed well over IOO per cent,” re­ ported Ray Bax ter of Baxter and 
Swinford. Realtors, in Houston. 
'Cushion of profit' 

Baxter is also president of RI:',LO. the nation's largest not-for-profit relo­ cation service. “ For m any families, home ownership has prov ided a cu­ shion of real profit that meets the challenges of recent inflation.” 

But. if you’re planning to sell your home in the near future, pricing can be difficult. " I t ’s as easy to underesti­ mate a home’s market value as it is to overestim ate its potential selling price. That impressive IOO per cent, 
1o-year figure is a national average that may or may not reflect local market conditions,” Baxter cautioned. 
“ To determ ine a fair and realistic selling price, a home seller can benefit from the advice of a professional real estate broker in his or her own community.” 
“ A lot of things other than market appreciation can affect a hom e’s selling price.” Baxter said. “ Home improvements, for instance, can either add or detract from selling appeal, depending on how they’re handled.” 

R F LO. which has more than 9oo members serving 9,ooo communities nationwide, has a few home improve­ 

 ment tips for homeowners concerned with their home’s potential resale: 
• Keep the home in tip-top repair. 
Repaint when needed, replace garage doors, shutters, wooden steps. While these kinds of improvements may add little to a home’s selling price, left undone, they put a home in the real estate market’s bargain basement. 

•Make improvements certain to ap­ peal to potential buyers. Modernize kitchens and bathrooms; add a first floor powder room. 

• Make home improvements in line with other homes in the neighborhood. 
If your house has two bedrooms and all your neighbors have three or four, a room addition is likely to increase your home’s resale value. 
•Scrap ideas for a basement recrea­ tion room. Few buyers today want to spend much time underground. 
•Consider a ground level fam ily 

 room and patio. Both are high demand items among shoppers for home today. 

•Don’t let your home improvements out price other houses in your neigh­ borhood. The most important factors in determ ining any home’s market value are the homes nearby. Sw im ­ ming pools and tennis courts seldom fit into com m unities dominated by 
$3o,ooo bungalows. 

•Before going ahead with your home improvement plans, ask a reputable real estate broker for his opinion. He’ll be able to give you a pretty good esti­ mate of just how much the improve­ ment can add to your home’s selling price. 

“ Sometimes, a fam ily’s needs and wants outdistance their present home and neighborhood." notes Baxter. 

It’s a good moving. idea, then, to consider 

Oakcreek Northwest, one mile north of N.W. Loop 41o via Vance 
Jackson Road, will present another Mike Kinder original this weekend. At 1o9o2 Wild Grape in the master craftsman's showcase community is a striking, daringly different four-bedroom, four-bath masterpiece with two patios, family room, game room, bar area, dining room, all-electric kitchen with breakfast bar and a two-car garage, finished to the point of paneling. The custom builder’s homes in this area are priced from $79,5oo. 
Briarwick spotlighted 

C LA SSIF IC d is p l a y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

You can be the star in 
B ria rw ic k . 
Von w ill share the spotlight with sparkling new homes filled with the latest con­ veniences and luxuries. 
New homes in Briar- wick are priced from 
$311,oo1) to $43,ooo. They 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 boast the latest energy. saving features. 
Bach Briarw ick home has all the luxuries you blok for in a new home. 
Exquisite carpeting, pro­ fessionally decorated in­ teriors and kitchens with dishwashers, disposers, 

-------CLAiSIFIID DI J R AY--------- 

 ranges and vent hoods. 
Many have fireplaces, indoor u tility rooms, sunken living areas and garden kitchens. 
Briarwick is served by the North E ast School 
District. The children at­ tend the preferred North ttAlllfiU 61 IAI AY------ 

E’.ast schools: Regency 
Elem en tary, 
Madison 
Middle and M acA rthur 
High. 
Away from the noise and congestion of the ci­ ty. Briarwick is like liv­ ing in the country. It is nestled atop a lovely hill 
ClAfllFltA BUHAY---------------- 

Gracious diving Gagins 'WHR 
Qarcful Jlan 

Another M ike Kinder original in O ak Creek 
Northw est. 

From *7 9 , 5 o o to *1 1 5 , o o o 

1o9o2 Wild Grape 

Fomdv Room 
* ¥ »k 
>6 4 

F J* , 

Cornette 

Clo* rn. - - J 
S t u d y o r B* 
4 " i" iail rn 
' » « *' i» 

• 3, 4 & 5 bedrooms with split arrangements 

3 & 4 bath designs 

• Wet bors and Ceiling Fans 

• Large oaks—Horseshoes Drives 

• Beamed Cathedral Ceilings 

• Microwaves—Continuous Clean Ovens 

• Will Trade or Custom Build 

• 9 Models Open Daily 
696-833o 

I mile out Vance Jackson 
© 
Heating 
...a name you can feel from Loop 4 I o 
Cooling comfortable with. 

 overlooking 
Northern 
Hills Country Club. 
Yet, less than two minutes away, numerous shopping centers prov ide every convenience. 
Recreational facilities and com m unity parks are also nearby. 
No city taxes in Briar- vvick means lower monthly payments than for a comparable home in another arca. 
VA financing can be arranged with no down payment and no closing costs. Other types of financing are also avai­ lable. 
To reach B ria rw ic k , drive north of N E. Loop 
41o on W etm ore Road, past 
Thousand 
Oaks 
D rive and follow the signs. Models arc open daily. 

Close door 
Homeowners with elec­ tric baseboard arc trying to reduce their bills by drastically reducing the tem perature in some rooms when they are not being used, reports the 
Better Heating-Cooling 
Council. 
If the doors to those rooms are kept open, they defeat their purpose because the heat from the other rooms flows in­ to the cool areas, so the units in the warm rooms keep working overtime as tile heat flows out. 

' 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

The Affordable 
Home 

N.W. SAN A N T O N IO ’S 
FINEST COMM UNITY 
TWIN CHEEK 

ESCAPE 
THE 
RENT RUT! 
And Enjoy Outstanding 
Tax Advantages That 
Accompany New Home 
Ownership! 

N.E. SA N A N T O N IO ’S 
BIGGEST HOME VALUES 

 k a ft& to ii) 

NORTHWEST SA N ANTO NIO 
NORTHEAST SAN ANTONIO 

NCA DNO 
COOLING 

I W in* I «ut f «*jy. fo r i ( smifaftuhfa H ilk 

6 8 1 - 1 1 1 1 

[t w in ^ heek^ 

NCA TINO 

C O O LIN G 

I 
Io u I HH I,.,/ I ..m in , u , 1.1. N It* 

6 5 6 5 4 7 4 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS --Saturday February 19 1977 

BEDROOM 
& 
FAMILY 

2 
CAR GARAGE 

LIVING 

* Price varieb according to neighborhood. 

‘ But!Jtn% Homes lo Come Home To' 

BREAKFAST 

DINING 

$1.oo Total Mova-ln V.A. or $45o Total Mova-tn Conventional On Salactad Models This Week ind Only. 

Four bedrooms, two baths, and a wood-burning fireplace for only 
$42,ooo? That’s right! Schaefer is designing and building quality homes, with special features in beautiful neighborhoods and best of all they’re affordable! 
Living Area 
A living area the entire family can enjoy, with plush deep pile 

BEDROOM 

 l/MRIll\ini\li 

BEDROOM 

MASTER 
BEDROOM 

 carpeting, and complete with wood-burning fireplace . . . an area truly designed for living and entertaining. 
Patio 
Emphasis on indoor/outdoor liv­ ing with outdoor patio viewed from the Living area through sliding glass doors. A true plant lover s dream. 
Storage Space Galore! 
A separate storage area in a double garage . . . a great place to store your bicycles, cars, boats and all the other stuff you never seem to have room for. 

P A T . 

$42,ooo* 

And When We Say Affordable 
We Mean It! 
Special VA, PH A anti Conven­ tional financing. Available in three distinctive subdivisions. 
Just check the map to find the one that suits you. Furnished models open daily. 

Northern Hills 654-1211 
$37,ooo to $65,ooo 
North Fast School District 

Devonshire 494-35S8 
$37,ooo to $55,(XX) 
North Fast School District 

• 
Spacious fireplace and mantle. 
A intra spacious living family area * Twin slid­ ing doors to wrap around patio A Serve-thru kitchen A 
Sox window at dinette 
A 

Mo*fee bedroom with dress m g room ond sliding glass doors it Two M I ceramic tile baths A furniture finished cabinetry A IO O % brick enter tor A Full energy-saving features A O V M 
E N G IN E f R IN G AIR I 
C O N D IT IO N IN G 
ONE LEFT AT:*3 8 , 9 5 o 

PLAN 

#231 

 beautiful new home in 

W oodstone on landscap­ 

 ed corner lot. 3 / 2 / 2 all 

 brick. Deluxe electric kit­ 

 chen. Other features in­ 

 clude central heat and 

 air. Tremendous value at only $ 3 4 ,9 5 o . In Northeast 

San 
Antonio 

 location. 
Other 
* gmm 
. ^ 

 plan s a vailab le 
* 
< ^ 

 from $ 2 9 ,o o o . 
W 
T 
J 
J 
\ 
J 

PLAN #2o4 

Tins is 
Creal Year 
For 

N ew H em e! 
And Ills ne! eel ne Ie eel any belier! 

 r n L_. i — i 

] a 
L _ i 

• 
• 
• 
All ever tewn 
Camelot 

Northeast - 655-4123 

EE Ray Ellison Homes 

Country living turns 
Tanglewood lifestyle 

This weekend many families will drive through beautiful wooded countryside to visit Ray 
Ellison's Tanglewood, where country living is transformed from a weekend excursion to a daily lifestyle in the desirable northwestern quadrant of San 
Antonio. 
Located within easy driving distance or the neighboring UTSA campus, the im posing t ’SAA com plex and the splendid medical facilities of the South 
Texas Medical Center, Tanglewood is at the heart of the dynamic movement m arkin g San Antonio's th ru sting growth northwest. 

CLA S£lH *D D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED ' m S P D o T 

At the same time, Tanglewood offers the peaceful serenity of carefree country living amid gracious oaks and rolling landscapes. 
Innovative, contemporary designs by 
Hay 
E llison arch itects m ake 
Tanglewood an interesting combina­ tion of three- and four-bedroom, one- and two-story homes beginning in the low $4l)s, available with VA, FUA and conventional financing. 
Fireplaces featured in most plans bring crackling warm th and rustic glamor to crisp Tanglewood evenings. 
But the rustic charm is mixed with contemporary convenience in beauti­ ful. functional kitchens that transform cooking chores into cu linary adventures. Rich, handcrafted wood cabinetry; self-cleaning, double-oven 

 electric ranges; dishwashers and dis­ posal units; plus stainless steel sinks and fixtures all combine to allow kit­ chen chores to be performed with more fun and less fatigue. 
Although the benefits of Tanglewood livin g are m any and varied for housewives and mothers, children and teenagers from the wooded subdivision enjoy outstanding educational fa c i­ lities of the Northside School District, providing in te restin g and diverse social programs and extracurricular activities for young people of all ages . 

For weekend or evening recreation iii the great Tanglewood outdoors, tennis courts and swimming pool arc nearby. For those whose en tertain ­ ment tastes lean to the night life, dis- 

Ray Ellison's T an glew ood offers beautiful homes in exqu isxtely landscaped settings in the g row ing northw estern q ua d ra n t o f the city, with easy a c­ cess to m ajor arteries and expressw ays. 

 colhcque dancing and undine cuisine abound in exciting northwestern San 
Antonio, with the most popular spots located only m inutes away via ex- 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

 presswavs, 
To reach Hit' Tanglewood sales office where professional and courteous Hay 
Ellison representatives art' ready to 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

 assist von, drive out N \\ 
111 111 past 
\ \\ 
Loop 4111 to De /av ala Hoad and follow it west until you reach the d is ­ tinctive Tanglewood entrance. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

THE WALL STREET JOURNAL REPORTED RECENTLY THAT “THERE IS GOING TO BE A HOUSING BOOM IN 
1977 . . . BUT THE BOOM WILL BE GOOD NEWS ONLY FOR THE RELATIVELY AFFLUENT BUYER. THE 
PREDICTED SHARPLY HIGHER PRICES OF NEW HOMES THIS YEAR INDICATE THAT MOST BUILDERS APPEAR 
TO BE WRITING OFF LOW-INCOME AND FIRST-TIME BUYERS ” PARADE’S LLOYD SHEARER WROTE: “ THE 
AMERICAN DREAM OF OWNING A HOME IS RAPIDLY GROWING FAINT . . ” THERE S NO SHORTAGE OF 
GLOOM AND DOOM PREDICTIONS. 
Pessimistic forecasts are based on rising costs of land and lumber, increased labor costs and higher interest rates that keep edging upwards, along with escalating energy costs. 
BUT SAN ANTONIANS OF MODERATE INCOME ARE BUYING. 

THEY’RE INVESTING IN RAY ELLISON HOMES AT ROUGHLY DOUBLE LAST YEAR’S RATE, DESPITE THE 
GLOOM AND DOOM FORECASTS. THEY KNOW SOMETHING THE GLOOM AND DOOMERS DON’T REALIZE. 
RAY ELLISON S REPUTATION IS LARGELY RESPONSIBLE FOR BUYER-CONFIDENCE. 

San Antonians know that Ray Ellison isn’t “writing off low-income and first time buyers,” and that he isn’t preoccupied solely with the “ affluent buyer." 

RAY ELLISON HAS MASTERED THE ART OF VOLUME BUILDING. 

San Antonians know that over the years Ray Ellison has built a management team that knows how to apply the very latest in construction techniques and methodology, from design through slab and final. People know that the 
Ellison team takes full advantage of volume purchasing strategies applied to building materials and supplies; they know, too, that the Ellison financial management team can achieve the most favorable interest rates and terms available for the home buyer. They know that Ellison Customer Service is a commitment in good faith. Also, the word is out that the Ray Ellison energy package is a real energy saver, and not a piece of “ fluff” merchandising. 

A WORD OF CAUTION. 

THE MOST CAPABLE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT IN THE WORLD WILL NOT STOP THE ECONOMIC PRESSURES 
DRIVING UP THE PRICES OF NEW HOMES TODAY. WHATEVER OUR EFFORTS, INTEREST RATES WILL RISE 
IN THE LONG RUN. EVEN THE MOST EFFICIENT ENERGY PACKAGE AVAILABLE WON’T HOLD BACK RATE 
INCREASES APPLIED TO SCARCE ENERGY RESOURCES. ALSO REST ASSURED THAT COSTS OF LUMBER AND 
OTHER BUILDING MATERIALS ARE NOT COMING DOWN. 
NOW MAY BE THE VERY BEST TIME FOR BUYING YOUR NEW HOME. 

It’s a decision that only you can make. But when you take a first hand look at the Ellison homes being built today, you will see that Ray Ellison understands the economic situation and is doing something about it, in terms of quality and economy. 

RAY ELLISON UNDERSTANDS THE BOTTOM LINE. 

SO DO THE SAN ANTONIANS WHO ARE BUYING RAY ELLISON HOMES. THAT’S WHY THEY’RE BUYING, 
AND WHY THEY WON T WAIT FOR ANOTHER GREAT YEAR. THEY KNOW THE TIME TO MAKE THEIR MOVE 
IS NOW, BEFORE THE POINT IS REACHED WHERE DEMAND EXCEEDS SUPPLY. 

SAN ANTONIANS KNOW THIS IS THE YEAR THEY WERE WAITING FOR LAST YEAR! 

 o)il<fu)oo<l 

Northwest • 681-3o2o 
Englewood 

Northwest-696-817o 

 bcock 
Sfc north 

Northwest - 696-817o fieritaqe 
Jtfarm 

Northwest • 673-4142 
VAILE/-Hi 

Kelly/Lackland Area-674-3575 

I ft**. <ouV«f. 
oWtu*'< 

SAN AN TO N IO EXPRESS —Saturday February 19 1977 
Homes by M orton/S .W . score huge S.A. success 

Two different housing series by Morton / Southwest clearly tell how the building - develop­ ing firm became the favorite among San Antonians last year. 
Featured among three neighbor­ hoods, each series reveals that Morton 
/ Southwest does offer more home for the money. 
Freedom, Success 
The two series are aptly named, too. 
Freedom Homes are called that be­ cause they, literally, set buyers “ free from re n t" into a new world of ho­ me ownership. Success Homes are so named for the series* unique features that would make the purchase of any a sure success. 
"A ffo rd a b ility " is a key word for each series. 
Freedom 
Homes an* 

' 
C lA M lta D DWALAY 
" 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

 priced from as low as $28,5oo; Success, 
$34,ooo. No com parable homes are b u ilt for those kind of prices these days; so, Morton / Southwest has a valid claim to leadership in San An­ tonio area housing. 
Morton / Southwest has drawn de­ signs from ingenious floor plans which have revolutionized the market for new homes by making them more af­ fordable and more useful, square foot by square foot. T ra ffic patterns are ideal. 
In this way, those who have had to rent actually sacrifice nothing at all when they buy and move into a new 
Freedom or Success home by Morton / 
Southwest. In fact, they gain all they’ve ever wanted! 
Freedom Homes go far beyond the 
‘‘basics,*’ too. They feature all the frill modern families have come to expect cuuwpfflTSPtAi---------- 

 in a new home. This, indeed, is just one of the many reasons Freedom Homes have become so popular since their introduction in San Antonio. 
Their three- and four-bedroom plans include two complete baths generally sought by home buyers today. All this is figured into an attractively afforda­ ble package in a price range families today can afford. A Freedom home is no “pearl of great price." " 
Pantry kitchens feature the rignt kind of appliances to lessen the work­ load for today’s hom em aker. D ish­ washer, disposers, ranges, vent hoods and abundant cabinetry are provided in Freedom Homes. A ll appliances carry the reliable Magic Chef brand name. 
Other extras Morton / Southwest has made available in Freedom Homes are wall-to-wall closets with storage space fljuftwro wm t r --------------- -- 

MORTON/SOUTHWEST means the buyers’ money’s worth and more in four different areas 

 present more than the money’s worth 
They include shag carpeting in liv ­ ing; rooms, master suites and hallways; privacy fences; woodburning fireplug cea in family rooms; abundant cabin­ etry in pantry kitchens; compartment­ ed ceram ic baths; w a lk-in or w a ll-to -w a ll closets; handsome paneling; ca re fully chosen w all fa­ brics; and beamed cathedral ceilings. 
Buyers can choose the colors and pat­ terns for carpeting and wallcoverings. 
But the scope of Success Homes, of course, goes beyond their "furnisha- ble” and useful space. The luxury ap­ pointm ents add much to how they fUHIWIb MIU AV------------------- 1 

 extending all the way to the ceiling and 
Hiding doors of panel designs, finished two-car garages, u tility and work ar­ eas, patios led to by s lid in g glass doors, clever blends of masonry and wood for striking exteriors, carpeting of the buyers’ choices of colors and kinds, efficient Friedrich central air and heat system s and. in m ost, woodburning fireplaces. 
Success Homes x iv idly reveal that an enjoyable home remains the "great 
American dream” and one that can be realized without great sacrifice. 
The large amounts of total square footage in the Success plans can be 
OHimreTHWtA?---------- 

 seen in spacious family rooms, separ­ ate dining areas, large fam ily rooms and sizeable living rooms. In fact, even the patios for Success Homes are fa­ m ily sized. 

Also encompassed are the large, de­ corative a ll-e le c tric kitchens with space-saving built-ins like Magic Chef ranges, ovens, vent hoods, d is h ­ washers and stainless steel Waste King disposers. 

Each home in this ingeniously planned series also features a utility an'a and a finished two-car garage 

 m m m 
SAN ANTONIANS... the people who put us on top. 

MORTON / SOUTHWEST 

 r 
When MORTON/SOUTHWEST 

 was founded in 
1964, we 

 decided that the only w ay to 

I builder in San Antonio was to 

 establish rules and follow 

 them. 
Establishing the rules 

 was simple: 

 m m m m m m m m m m m m mmmsm m m m m m m , 

I 
I to provide the best hom e value fo r 

 the largest num ber of people a t the 

 lowest possible cost. 

F I to building, in accordance w ith the 

 highest professional standards, San 

Antonio's best designed hom e 

 values in conveniently located and 

 w ell planned neighborhoods. 

□ to fulfill our responsibility for 

 quality, service, and neighborliness 

 w ith integrity. 

Following these rules w ould n’t have been possible had w e not proven th at w e actually did give each custom er his 
“ MONEYS W ORTH” in a new hom e. 

WHAT DOES MONEYS WORTH 

MEAN? 

MORE living space for the dollar. 

MORE enjoym ent extras. 

CONFIDENCE in your home purchase. 

BEING PROUD of your neighborhood. 

NO MORE rent increases and 

A BIG tax deduction 
AN ENERGY-EFFICIENT HOME. 

At Morton/Southwest our concern is for the way you live, anticipating your changing lifestyle. 
With such promises as these being kept, 

 it s no wonder we are the leaders. 

MN mmm 

Success 

® Three and four bedrooms 

■ 2 car finished garage 

■ 2 full hand set ceramic tile baths 

■ Rich shag carpeting 

■ Appliances — dishwasher, disposal, Magic Chef Range 

■ Wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs) 

■ large closets and storage space 

■ Utility rooms (in most designs) 

 la U ll L L 

_ r~ i I 

” b r 3 br 2 

 porch 

 livnq 

. 1 
A 

■ 3 & 4 Bedrooms 

■ 2 hand-crafted ceramic tile baths 

■ Wood-burning fireplaces 

■ 2-car Finished Garages 

■ Rich Shag Carpeting in Living 
Room, Master Suite, and Hallway 

■ All Electric Kitchen with Self­ cleaning Range 

Large family-size Patios 

■ Energy-efficient Friedrich air conditioning in attic to give you more space & quiet. 

■ Privacy fence 
$3o,325 

Friedrich 

CtWTWAi. AVL COM Jm OM DA. 

INSTALLED BY 
O fO ltO f SMITH, INC. 
O f SAN ANTONIO 

President 
$41,825 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN DAILY ’TIL DUSK 

VALLEY FORGE 
655-5931 

CIMARRON 
6 5 8 -4 7 9 3 

LAKESIDE 
648-3491 

NO PAYMENT ’TIL JUNE 
NOTHING DOWN VA 

8% VA FINANCING 
FHA & CONV. AVAILABLE 

 m a s MAT VMV ACCORDING TO NilGHRORHOOO ANO LOCATION 

%SiAMMllflNMNMNIMINMMMHNMMMMNNNMNNMNi 

OUR OF TOWN CALL 
COLLECT 

WRITE! P.O. BOX 18428 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
78266 

«■ 

 mortem southwest 

• • .we are our greatest com 
7k. petitor. 

Quality surrounds you in homes by Windsor 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Saturday February 19 1977 
Page. 5-E 

^'incisor Homes surrounds you with quality, luxury and value in £ivin^ homebuyers a new home they can he proud of 
Homebuyers today are more aophia- tjeated. They are more cost - aud qua- lity-eonseious. Luxuries and conven­ iences also top the list of preferences. 
Follow much research 
A fte r c a re fu lly re s e a rc h in g the hnmebuying m arket. W indsor Homes is proud to introduce their innovative new homes. 
Q uality surrounds you. High grade m aterials, superb craftsm anship and close attention to detail are evidence of 

CLASSIFIC DISPLAY 

 the quality construction. It is this qua­ lity construction that w ill he ap pre ­ ciated as tim e goes on. 
Luxuries hav e been included because of their importance to the homchuyer. 
The finest carpeting w ith extra pad­ ding. fireplaces indoor u tility rooms, sunken livin g areas, huge m aster su ite s and beam ed and c a th e d ra l ceilings are inst a few of the elegant extras you’ll find. Specially-sized Fod­ ders c e n tra l heat and a ir p ro v id e highly efficient a ir systems. Excellent 
Magic Chef appliances include range. hood. dishwasher and disposer. 
W indsor homes arc located in the finest com m unities all over northern 

'CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
T c i is s S T l D DISPLAY 

San Antonio 
In B ristol Place, for exam ple, new homes are priced affordably for young budgets — fro m $26,4oo to $32,975. 
They are co n ve n ie n tly located near 
W indsor Park M all. Fort Sam Houston and downtown 

B ria rw ie k fe atures energy-econo­ m izing homes in a serene country set­ tin g o v e rlo o k in g 
N o rth e rn 
H ills 
C ountry Club. P referred N orth East 
D istrict schools and no city taxes arc additional benefits of this com m unity 

N o rth sid c D is tric t schools and no city taxes are a couple of the benefits of living in Forrest Glen. Energy-saving 

-------------- Cla m ifiW dTs p l a y ------------------- 

W IN D S O R HOMES builds houses to m e e t d esires, need s o f sophisticated buyers 

 priced homes homes and a com m unity club are more reasons tins northwestern com m unity is so popular. 

'I’lie Great Northwest boasta new 
CULSitFifiToispLAY 
ClAiSiFUO B ftp tf V 

 homes on tree-filled lots. a com m unity clubhouse w ith sw im m ing pool, tennis and basketball courts; and excellent 
N o rth s id c D is tric t schools 
No c ity taxes here make m onthly paym ents aaronic m m a t 
------------ 

 lower than com parably in other areas. 
See the new W indsor homes today 
Model homes or in fo rm a tio n offices are open until dark. n .« ro m n m sp tA Y c u r o m o d u p ia y 
.cofndsoR homes 

B U IL D IN G C R E A T IV E L Y 
FOR Y O U 
SURROUNDING 

Briarwiek 

1oo% Masonry, energy-saving homes are priced from $3o,225 to $34,6oo. 
That means monthly payments as low as $276 * a month. 
NO CITY TAXES 
NORTH EAST SCHOOLS 

' Baser) on purchase price of 5 3 o .2 2 6 w ith no down paym ent, 36o equal m onthly payments of $2 76. V A financing .it 8 . per year 
Bristol 
Place 

Where your monthly payments can be as low as $ 264 ' month! And that includes central heat and air, a fire place, exquisite carpeting and kitchen with dishwasher, disposer, range and vent hood. 

Bristol Place is conveniently located near Fort Sam, down downtown and Windsor Park Mall. $27,25o to $32,975. 
661 6266 

'Based on purchase price of $2 7,4oo with no down paym ent, 36o equal m onthly payments of $264, V A financing at 8"'<- per year. 

The Great Northwest 

This new community boasts beautiful new homes on tree-studded lots. A community clubhouse is complete with a swimming pool, tennis, and basketball courts. Excellent Northside schools and NO city taxes. 
$36,ooo to $51,95o. 
684-9198 
/*etAV - 
-W ^ J 
Forrest 
Glen 

Energy saving homes and a prime northwest location are the big ♦+♦++'* here. No city taxes, excellent Northside schools and a community club make Forrest Glen a preferred San Antonio neighborhood. $33,6oo to $38,475. 
684 7o47 

Open Daily 1o a.m. til Dusk 

FEDDERS 
V MAGIC CHEF 
SAN ANTONIO! 

Solar energy rates ‘reality’ 

 special t o the g o ld e n tw in s 
The deep freeze of 197B-77 is one of those winters grundpar- ents will tell their grandchildren about 
But there s a ray of hope that coming winters w ill be less disruptive — no m atter how cold 
The reason'.' Solar energy which, according lo Harold B 
Olin. can be as effective a source of home energy iii northern cities such as 
Mew York and Philadelphia as iii sun belt cities such as Albuquerque and 
Tucson 
Meet needs 

F u rth e rm o re , acco rd in g to O lm . m ortgage lenders are responding to the needs of a growing number of so­ lar-minded buyers with conventional home loans on solar houses. At the s a m e tim e, the I 
S. Departm ent of 
Housing and I lium Developm ent is stepping up the amount of research grants on solar projects olm is director of architectural and construction research lot the Toited 
Slates Teague of Savings Associations. 

I l l s c o m m e n t s were a part of feature articles iii Hie December and .lumiurv issues of "Savings and I .nan News. a business management magazine pub­ lished I not it Ii Iv by Hie league 
The T S. Leag ue is the p rim a ry trade association serving the savings and loan business. Savings associa­ tions are the nation's chief suppliers ol 

 r e s i d e n t m l mortgage credit 

“ N ot only is the long-term prospect for solat power excellent.” Olin said, 
"b u l eaidi sq uare foot of laud and rooftop receives lit tim es the energv required to heat an average house 

The trick of course, is to tutu the sunshine into usable solar energv. 

“Liul that's real I.v no trick at all 
Olin said i i i h is articles ‘'Anyone with high school shop experience can build a solar collector I rom m aterials readi­ ly a va ila b le Irom the local lu m b er yard " ______________________________ 

C L A SSIF IE D D ISP L A Y 

Few owners of existing homes are apt to trudge out to the lum ber yard and go to work on a replacement en­ ergy system. Olin admits. Yet a sur­ prising number of new homes are be­ ing built with solar energy systems 

Part of the reason. Olin said. is that 
H T D is "p r im in g the solar pum p” with grant money authorized by the 
Solar Healing and Tooling Demonstra­ tion Act. Last year. H TD spent 84 m il­ lion tn encourage construction of near­ ly I ..■jim solar homes 

Olin estimated that tin' H TD grunts account for approximately half of the solar homes being built 
Savings associations also are financ­ ing an increasing number of solar en­ ergy hom es, O lin said. 
P e rh a p s surprisingly , several of the solar-or­ iented associations uro in northern, cold-weather states 
Treat Valley Sav jugs of Reading. Pa has financed seven e n erg y-el t icicnt homes in the past year. From 12 bi as much as - :i of the total heating needs of the Great Valley backed homes are supplied by a 
"solar furnace” which combines both heat collection aud heat storage* tune!ions 
A dozen single-lamily homes being financed by Heritage Federal Savings el Huntington. \ '1 use solar energy lo heat water Fuel bill savings are ex­ pected to cover the $1,4o1) cost of the solar system i i i live years 
In Cleveland, a home financed by 
< ardilla! Federal Sav ings is intended ic use solar energy to reduce conven­ tional heatin g re q u ire m en ts by as much as 4o per cent. 
O ther savings associations which have financed solar energy homes in­ clude San Diego Fed eral; Colum bia 
Savings in Denver; Western Savings. 
Phoenix 
Fidelity Federal. Knoxville; and 
A ffilia te d 
M o rtg ag e and 
Development < o a wholly owned sub­ sidiary of Albuquerque Federal S a v ­ ings 
Olin said Hic* number of solar energy hollies could r e a c h ‘2oo,ooo iii th e early 
1o8os 

Bob Jones, left, and Jim Longsworth, center, congratulate the five associates of 
Bob Jones, Realtor, who were recognized as 'Million Dollar Producers." They are, 

 left to right, Beryl W eigand, Marjie Hor­ 

 ton, Maxine Hammond, Jean Martin and 
Roberta White. 

Fair Oaks offers lots 

Ranch life isn t what it 
Oaks. New paved roads 

CtASSmHD d is p l a y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
North Castle Hills 
For $42,ooo. 

Q u a l i t y 
I l o n a s 
' 

 i n a 
C o u n t r y 

C o n i n i u n i t y 
I n n u 
55,ooo 
651-6237 

L o d sh o w - Miller 
Development Co., In<^ 

Controls 
Have* you tested your low -water, cu to ff th is your? If your house is heated by steam and, in som e eases w ith hut- w ater lieut, there is a cutoff control on the out­ side of the boiler, with an instruction tag affixed to it This control prevents your burner from oper­ ating if there is insuffi­ cient water in the boiler. aud should be tested once or twice a year by your serv iceman 

CLASSIFIED OI SPLAY 

 use to be at Fair Oaks. 
It’s better. 
This large develop­ ment, by Don Smith Co., is located 15 minutes northwest of San Antonio in what has to be described us some of the most beautiful land in tin* 
Hill Country. 
Thousands of acres of rolling hills and valleys, spanning Kendall, Comal and Bexar Counties, fea­ ture 2Vfc- to 18-acre tracts that provide secluded homesites among the nu­ merous trees. Spectacu­ lar views are possible from the many hilltop trees 
Amenities 
Buyers in Fair Oaks will find an abundance of opportunities for hiking, biking and horseback riding along trails. And, there’s exciting news for the tennis buffs: eight new courts are completed at the Fair Oaks Racquet and Swim Club 

The ru s tic settin g of 
F a ir O aks, part of the historic old F a ir Ranch, will suit modern families with the conveniences of city-type utilities. 

Civ mg i i i F a ir Oaks has the advantages of lower taxes i i i Kendall and Co­ m al C o u n tles. A ll pro-- pert irs a re w ith in the boundaries of the Boerne 
School S y s te m , just a short distance from F a ir 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 

 wind through Fair Oaks, providing easy access to the wooded tracts. 
Exciting new homes are being built with three and four bedrooms, large living rooms, game rooms, rock fireplaces, wooden decks, wide drives and multi-ear garages. Each home has been carefully planned so as to take advantage of the natural setting arid fine views. 
Fair Oaks is reached most easily by driving north on N.W. Ill IO. Exit at Leon Springs, then proceed north on the ac­ cess road to the Camp 
Stanley sign. Turn right and go 3l 2 miles to the 
Fair Oaks office. 
AttSRiFTi65ispiAY----- 

Built In 
Motlier Aa til re 

FAIR OAKS . . . sprawling meadows, surging hilltops with views for miles, native grasses and gnarled oaks . . . as close as possible to the way Mother Nature intended it to be. 
Fair Oaks was once a historic ranch, but now welcomes you to its acres of country living. 

Th to 15 acre tracts, most with central water systems, offer buyers choice sites in Bexar, 
Kendall and Comal Counties, riding trails for horses, paved roads and the finest of recreational facilities at the Fair Oaks 
Racquet and Swim Cluh. 

Elegant homes, built by the Don Smith Company, are already available for viewing. Located just 16 miles north of 
Wonderland near IH IO, Fair Oaks is ideal country living . . . not far from the city. 

 o u t,IH I b o m dwvelojH-r H U D Fruiter ty 
Report Hilt] 1 tn'tou; vmhhhi any thini) HUD neither apili owe* the 
FTHSfiti ot lim ottering, not Ihc vatue, it iin y , o l th e p ro p e rty 

Visit th*> f ait Oaky booth and sluts ptFWDWion upper lev#!. Cim bal Park Malt 

 k . Diet/ Elkhorn Rd 

F A I R ® 

 x 
V 
O 
A 
K s 

T i m l 
. 
£ 
Cam p 
• Stanley 

 k . X Leon 
Springs 

Coop I (>o4 
I I O I 
UT SA » 
Fair Daks 
Don Smith Co. 
698 244o • 698 2832 

'vV 

G A R A G E 

L l l U T Y L r ^ I ENTRY 

STO RA 

•F— 
[b a t h ) g w 
Ii 
& ol] 
Do 

OIH SSI NG 

SIM 
** mm tm 
J A. 
[b a t h 
|a 
% 

 si own 
< I ll I V . 

MASTER 
Q U A R T E R S 

The Peppertree iv 1-5.ooo 

Sounds incredible, doesn’t it.7 Now you can live like you always said you would. In San A ntonio’s most prestigious neighborhood, in a unique community with its ow n tennis courts and swimming pool. Live in your own single family patio-styled home. W ith a courtyard, walls of glass that wrap around, and your own privacy-walled backyard. 
O nly a few left. Hurry out today. Sum m erhill 
Phase One is almost sold out. Phase Two is on its way. And prices like this won’t come your way again. C all your Realtor or the Guy Chipm an 
Company at 344-3951 today. 

Get tomorrow’s 
$65,ooo+home for $54,95o in 

Oak Hollow Estates today. 

New home costs are on the rise again. And at the rate they're going your hard earned dollar will buy less and less home as the years progress. But you can plan to hedge against that inflation by making your home investment in Oak Hollow Estates. 
Oak Hollow is a special project of Sitterle and 
Companies and is one of the best new home buys in 
San Antonio today at about $26.5o per square foot. 

And features? Check these: 
Energv saving insulation systems 
Brick or rock fireplaces 
Spacious family rooms_________ 
Design patios 
Double finished garages 
Cedar shingle roofs 
Tile baths 
Luxurious carpeting throughout 

Northeast school district 
VA G Conventional financing! 

That’s a lot of home for the money. So why wait? 
Visit Oak Hollow Estates today and begin your new home investment tor a more secure future. 

Marketed exclusively by Deanie Owens 
Company, Realtors. 494 6842 or 349-51 15 

197o 1971 
1971 1972 1972-1973 1973-1974 1975-1976 1976-1977 
198o’s 

N O R T H C L I F F E 

9 *6 * rn 
■ M 

;F 
.*'• - * ♦ ’ n 

NORTHC L IF F E 

'Ar 
TF ' y £ •>' 

■T--,r~ry 
"I 
^ • o 
I 
-*(jf 
* 

^... 

 i I 

*'• ^ 
I ^ .VSw;.w M jJCMvtt? 

• M . - . V f I J 
’ . ’ / U 
^ 
^ 
I S 
W 
# 1 P H 
> r'* 
Z S z W n i * ' rjHsSCiM^ 
■ 

 w 

? 
_____ 
MAGIC CHEF 

M4ru«MC 

NORTHCLIFFE 
•37,25o t o *44,95o 
NEW 3 & 4 BEDROOM A ll BRICK HOMES 
659-o471 OR 625-9195 

NORTHCLIFFE EAST 
$27,45o t o $36,95o 
NEW 2, 3, & 4 BEDROOM HOMES 
WITH THE EXCLUSIVE NEW OPTION FEATURES. 
659-1161 OR 625-7566 

The Best O f E verything . . . 

WITH A VIEW OF THE HILL COUNTRY, 
GOLF, 
TENNIS, 
SWIMMING, 
TRI­ 
LEVEL COUNTRY CLUB and POSI­ 
TIVELY THE MOST HOME BUY IN 
THE STATE OF TEXAS . . . A Com­ munity of Tomorrow . . . Here 
Today . . . 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

THOUSAND OAKS home by Olmos Home Buildera 

Olm os home in ThousandO aks 

Dram atic, contcmpor- lry lint's outside combine with spaciousness, w arm th, beauty and functionalism of the in­ terior m the home at 2Ho7 rurkey Oak in Thousand 
Oaks. 
Built by Olmos Home 
B u ild ers, tills lovely home is designed for fa­ m ily 11\ ins with ample spal e for growing. 
Cedar roof 
The exterior is earth* ern-toned b rick, with dark-stained wood trim and rustle cedar shake roof 
\n entry foyer of ter- ra/.o tile welcomes you into the large family lh mg room, with its invit­ ing woodburniwg tire place with a raised hearth. A high rising ceiling lifts the eye to the balcony game room utah e. 
Both rooms are filled with natural light and feature wet bars with m irrored w alls, glass shelving and natural wood cabinets to make entertaining i i i each area beautiful, convenient aud easy. The game room has sliding glass doors open­ ing onto a sundeek, which overlooks tin* large, fre e fo rm patio below 
An open extension of the living room becomes a form al dining room with a mirrored wall, an elegant brass-crystal chandelier and three 

 ceiling-to-floor windows 
The busy hostess will fine entertaining easy w it Ii the b re a k fa s t area aud large kitchen adjoining the formal dining room 
W hether you’re p re­ paring for party occa­ sions or fam ily meals, tin* kitchen is designed with function in mind A built-in desk and center work island, along with the diagonal wood design cabinets, are all finished 

 i i i warm pecan stain The wall covering is coordin­ ated i i i autumn tones of gold and soft avocado 
Magic Chef built-in ap­ pliances are also in tin* avocado color 
Directly off the kitchen is the large utility room which connects to the two-car garage. 

Back i i i tin* living area of tin* home, you will find four bedrooms aud two baths If you prefer, one bedroom lust off the master bedroom can be­ come an adjacent sitting room This truly makes a grand master suite, as the bedroom itself opens directly to the back patio terrace by means of slid mg glass doors 
The master balli features a sunken Human tub and shower of Terrazzo till* 
The dressing area is large and includes double walk-in closets with mul­ tiple storage space. A muted, floral wall cover­ ing creates a luxurious, restful atmosphere 

Both of the other bed­ rooms share a double bat Ii with separate en trances Large closets i i i all the bedrooms prov ide lots of storage space, as does a large closet under the stairs, ideal for lug­ gage and out-of-season items 
Binding all the rooms of this spacious home to­ gether is a luxurious pe­ can tone, flocked carpet 
Music fills the house bv mean of an intercom music system 
Olmos Home Builders have included so many luxury features that you really must visit it to appreciate fully tin* qua­ lity , beauty anil expertise that are built into this outstanding home 
The house has 2,4o2 sn ft. aud is priced at 
$73.HOO 
II w ill I ie the featured hmm* of the week at Thousand Oaks and open for inspection from IO a i i i until dark. as are other homes i i i the area by selected quality builders who w ill be happy for you to tour their homes as well 
Oilier builders include 
M A Scholl Enterprises, 
Great America ('n , Vie tor 
O ehler, 
Pe te r 
Schinker. Clint Well- baeher and 
Carlton 
Church 
To reach Thousand 
Oaks, d rive Ti.2 m iles north of M W. Loop IHI on 
San 
Pedro 
Avenue*. 
Prices begin at $511,HOO 

? r r 
£ 
A Natural Playground... 

-a* 
McAllister Park . . it's a game preserve . . . it's hike and bike trails . . . it's camping and picnic facilities 
. . it's a playground built by nature! 

;4 r 
A n d It’s 
N ext D o o r T o 
M eadow W ood 
N o rth I 
What nicer place for your new home. Here are new quality built homes by Coates 
Development 
Company. 
3 and 4 bedroom homes priced from $34,ooo. 

B i n minim 

TU 
X(IIM. 

14334 Modesta Place 
$36,75o 

$353* M o. 

"Based on purchase price of $36,75o with no down payment and 
36o equal m onthly payments 
V A financed at 7 % % annually. 

VA financing available on featured home only 

MEADOW 

WOOD NORTH 
494-6163 

CONVENTIONAL MOVE-IN 
AT 
NORTHCLIFFE 

DIRECTIONS: 
Drivo 
IH-3S 
North 6.5 mi. post 
Loop 
1*o4 to oait 11o3. Follow signs. 

13 FULLY DECORATED 

MODELS 

DOWN — CONVENTIONAL 
LOW CLOSING 
__________I ___________ / 
QUALITY • INTEGRITY • PRICE 

 c o a t i:* co. 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS —Saturday February 19 1977 
Care of lawn follows rules 

Bv TERRY WILBOl UN 
COUNTY EXTENSION HORTICULTURIST ll your lawn is lo be neat and attractive, you must mow it re­ gularly during the growing sea­ son. The mow ing height and how often you mow depends on type of grass, number and kind of weeds, fertilization and rainfall. 
The kind of mower is important. The reel mower leaves a more desirable eat than the rotary mower. The reel mower requires more maintenance, but it will not damage the leal tips as badly as the rotary mower. Peel mowers are more expensive than ro­ tary types and are not as available on the market. Whatever tv pc of mower von use. a sharp blade* is essential for healthy, good-looking grass. 
Mowing home lawns 
• As soon as newly planted grass reaches the desired height, begin mow mg. 
•Coarsc-textured grass needs a mow higher than fine-textured 
•Shaded areas need mowing height raised about U inch higher than nor­ mal 
• Mow often en auh that nm never remove more than 2 * of leaf area at one time 
To properlv cart* tor vour lawn. keep vuur mower sharpened and in coml working condition s *t \>*ur mower at the correct height for m ur tv pc of grass. For safotv keep your lawn free of all trash and debris 
Recommended heights of eul are 

 rate of five* pounds per I.(MHI sq. It. of area. Sweep off any spilled material from walks or drives to avoid an iron stain. 
Other iron amendments may he used, such as sulfa soil or chelated iron. The use* of soil sui or sulfur soil is helpful iii releasing iron iii alkaline soils Elemental sulfur mav b e u n ix ! once or twice a year at the rate of 1o-2o pounds per 1.ooo sq ft. in lieu of. or in addition to. iron sulfate if iron chloro­ sis is a chronic problem 
Follow the Spring iron application during the same period w eb .. balanced fertilizer program using nitrogen i\ i. phosphorus ii' 
. 

Summerhill homes open 

The popular Summer hill garden patio home community is completing 
Phase I of the develop­ ment bv featuring the 
Peppertree model this weekend 

Indoors, the two-, three- or four-bedroom homes are crafted of stucco, warm wood tones and stone to enhance the environment rather than 
The entire community n,nbict with it Dramatic is deafened for privacy J . interiors are beautifully both indoors and out — integrated with bal* without sacrificing the conies, decks, courtyards outdoor living concept l,nd snaring. 
2o-foot 
(’om inous 
L-shaped ceilings that create ail yards are privacy fenced ° l >(n' lo* ling ut nut* 

TERRY W IL B O U R N 

 lo take advantage of inti­ mate courtyard s, atrium s, balconies and decks that encourage liv­ ing beyond the confines of the home walls. 

 doors. 
Families also have the choice of options like pools, wrap-around decks, library lofts and complete customization. 
Domen to Earth 

Some homes may even have two firep laces, built-in wet bars, sunken family rooms, electroni­ cally-opened garage doors and m aster be­ droom quarters tucked aw av from the rest of tin* home for complete p ri­ vacy. 

The garden kitchens are equipped with the finest appliances, includ­ ing eontinnus-cleaning double ovens, sound-buf­ fered dishwashers and disposers 
There arc even snack bars, chop- 
T m sm iB 6IJ*!ay 

 ping block islands and handy pass-through ser­ vice windows to the din­ ing room. 
The two-bedroom Pep­ pertree model with sloped ceilings, lu x u r­ iously deep carpeting and a w ide v ariety of exciting features will be open this weekend for inspection by prospective ho­ meowners. 
Summerhill lies in the heart of the North Castle 
H ills resid en tial area 

Loop 41o. the exciting community is also con­ venient to m ajor shop­ ping areas, recreational facilities and fine res­ taurants. , 

The 155-home com ­ m unity is being deve­ loped by S ie rra P r o ­ perties, which includes builders and developers with years of experience in residential home de­ sign, resort development and the 
S K 
S of Churchill High School. 
.lust two miles from N AV. fam ily homes to office buildings. tin&sirnp wshjy 

Mv, uld 
Tor 

 ive < va 

V. 

 tho rate ft 
Ma> I 
Mi I tat< ft 
Hop 

15 {Tor­ ii! vj\ at !hiv 

V ARIETY 

B e r m u d a ......................... 
Tifgreen and Tifdvvarf 
Tifgroen and Tfdvvarf. 

HEIGHTS 

■ to IU inches 
3/IB inch 
. :j/1H to c, inch 

Zoysiagrass.................. ;t4 to 112 indies 

St. Augustine................. 2to2*2 inches 

Thatch is the undecomposed laver of crass and grass residue that builds up on the si ii I surface iii lawns 
This thatch layer is usually more severe in 
• ■Id sods Some thatch is good for the grass, but often diseases aud inserts build up i ii the laver. An old lawn may have ;i thatch laver so deep that most ut tin* grass roots have difficulty crow mc to the soil 
The most accepted way to dethatch a home lawn is bv vertical mowing. 'Flu* vertical mower is a specialized ma­ chine that thins the grass and brings much of the thatch to tin* surface of the grass 
You then sweep, rake or vacuum tins material from tin* lawn 
Most of our lawns need dethatehiug every two or th ret* years if you use high fertilization rates. Early Spring is the ideal lime lo dethatch, lint you ran use the vertical mower anytime during the growing season without severely damaging the turf 
You should not vertical mow during the late Fall and Winter, Most rental establishments have vertical mowers available on an hourly rental basis. 
Apply ferrous sulfate during the 
March 1-15 period to a dry lawn at the 

 potash (K l nitrogen she 
Vugustnic turf year. lf the so matter, less .»< needed 
N P K several ways 
Following are 
• Per! I ll/» d . i’’- 5 
|H*riod wuh a 15 5 5 I or similar formula at 
25 pounds per I non sq 
•Fertil >v d ire . 
‘ « iud w it h am monium pounds per I (MMI sq application during the duly 1-15 jM-riod lf the lawn shows sigils of iron defi­ ciency (yellowing), repeat the March recommendation or iron or sulfur supplements 
•Fertilize during the Oct 15 - Nov I 
I wried with a ti IO 4, 5 IO 5. S 12 4 or sim ilar forum ula at the rate of 2o pounds per 11M ll I sq ft 
•Avoid adding nitrogen during the late Sn. inter - early Fall period This practice will, it is believed, reduce disease and insect problems 
After each of the iron and fertilizer applications, water the equivalent of one or two inches of rainfall. 
Adding water to turf is nccesoary only when the soil has been depleted of available w a t e r and lawn grass ap­ proaches the wilting range 
During the October-March period, i ii the absence of rain, turf should be wa­ tered every two to three weeks, the equivalent id one to two inches of rainfall each application. During the 
\pril-September period, when rainfall is not equivalent lo one or two inches, supplem ental waterings is needed every one to two weeks. During 
Springs of normal rainfall, watering is often not needed until .lune, 
Light daily sprinkling cncoumugcs a shallow root system which results iii a weak plant. Less frequent, deep wa­ tering recharges the soil and promotes a deep root system and a more vigor­ ous turf. lf you are interested iii learning more about lawn care, be sure to at­ tend tin* Stroud session of the Spring 
Hardening Schools, Dr Richard Tublc. turf specialist from Texat* A \ M I 111- versity, will lie the featured speaker 

The programs will lie held Monday, 
Feb. 21 at 1:3(1 p.in at the San Antonio 
Harden Center. 331o N New Braunfels 

Gardeners' Q u e s t i o n s - A n s w e r s 

Bx Th RR> WW BO I RN 
COUN'v {Y-THSiO-s HORTICULTURIST 
I never tan figure out inst how I should prune my nearh or other type fruit trees Do yon have any 

 in fo rm a tio n on how tin- is. d o n e ? 

A LITTLE BIRD 
SHOWED U S... 

*an Oak Meadowlark 

( tan de better than 

 send Tt»u '.nmethinu How about letting show you 

 how it is done .’ The Se­ ton d 
\nnual 
Bexar 

( ounty f ruit Tree Prim ing Workshop w ill he held at 
1:3ft p m . 

Wednesday. I eh 23, at 
Town and t ounlrv \ eter- inary Clinic. 1o35o Ban­ dera Rd t Ollie dressed to work, we may have you pruning. Tor mort* infor­ mation. call 22o-2771. 

I have lived in San Antonio for about a year and have added gypsum to my garden to loosen the soil. 
Should I add it every year? lf s o , will it hurt the soil? 

Applying gypsum 

 every two or three years is probably best. It will not damage the soil, though lf the tilth of the 

 soil is not improved after applying the first year, I would reapply the next year. 

Questions on vorious aspects of lawn, garden or plant care, as well as landscaping, can be answered in this column. Please address any torrespondence to the columnist himself and not to this newspaper. Correct mailing address is: Down to Earth, c/o Terry Wil- bourn, County Extension Horticulturist, Texas Agricul­ tural Extension Service, 2o3 W . Nuevo St., Room 
31o, San Antonio, TX 782o7. 

. . . The way to 
^ _____ the newest, most exciting area for living in the San Antonio area 

Announcing Phase ll of OAK MEADOW. *, 
Dramatic I and 2 story floorplans, tea turing 3,4 and 5 bedrooms. Large spacious homes among the trees . . . private, hidden values . . . the homeowner will grow to 
^ appreciate. A Sitterle World, in a country atmosphere, only 6 minutes from the malls and Loop 41o. 
M eadow 
U 
492-227o 

3, 4 and 5 Bedroom Homes from $54,6oo • VA, Conventional 
Financing • No City Taxes • N E. Schools ‘ Complete Recrea tional Facilities ‘ Energy Saving Insulation ‘ Cedar Roofs ‘ Large, 
Wooded, Landscaped Lots ‘ Models Open Daily 

M A R K E T E D BV G U Y CHIPM AN C O M PAN Y R E A L T O R S 

/M " 

•"-HU 

Xvi*., aud at 7 
Middle School. 
Rd 

Sci* vim there 

 p i i i at the d arner 
43o2 llarrv \\ urzbaeh 

C L A iS lfllD D ISPLAY 
C L A S S IC O D ISPLA Y 

C LA SSirilD DISPLAY 
CLA SSI?IID DISPLAY 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

If you held a salesperson’s license on 
May 19, 1975 you may be eligible for a broker’s license with only 9o hours of approved education. We have special classes for you providing 3o hours in only five (5) days, or two weekends. 
The opportunity of a lifetime, but time is short! Call' tor information, catalog and schedule. 

American College 

 of Real Estate. Inc 

JIB ( ASHBY / SAN ANTONIO TtlAS 1B21I / (St!! IM I V ) 

Not facts lf you arc being “ sold’’ on converting your heat­ ing system to some other type, move cautiously. 
The salesman's claims are not necessarily facts, regardless of Ins appar­ ent logic. 
The realities can best judged by calling iii a salesman of competing types of systems, sug­ gests the Better Heat* ing-(’noting Council, and present him with the claims the other fellow made. After you’ve heard troth sides, you will Im* iii a better position to judge what is Irest for y o u . 

 lX- c i a s s i*k d Dis p l a y 

Great den, 
Neal Eubanks! 

Don't he surprised it someone tells you how great your Great America nome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and woodburn- tng fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous mas­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practicality and energy-efficiency. 
But that's only tne inside story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strikingly individualistic. Each home is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, cedar trim and 

 second-story balconies. 
Others are simple, yet ele­ gant. But all are equally suited to entertaining and day-to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each community is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upper-4o's to S1oo,o(X). 
Visit these fine communities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional informa­ tion on a particular community, call 69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are Great America homes, just ask any of our homeowners. 

 m GREAT AM ERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

Home cost causes 

Lists reasons 

O A K M EAD O W hom es by Sitterle Properties shown 
Sitterle homes in Oak Meadow 

All-new Phase II of Oak 
Meadow is open for viewing this weekend. 
Phase II is the exciting new area that features heavily wooded pro­ perties in the rolling hills inst north of San Antonio out N \V. Military II wa 
Good variety 
This new addition to serene Oak Meadow pro­ vides an even g reater 
\ ariety of 11\ mg styles for buyers. The lots are large, w itll main hillside 

 locations available 
Twenty-five homes will lie built in Phase II and ready for occupancy by late Spring — all with cedar roofs that seem to he a natural blend with tile greenery of the cedar- and oak-studded terrain. 

Sitterle 
Proper! ies. builders in Phase ll of 
Oak Meadow, are pre­ senting Pl im pressive new floor plans, includ­ ing split levels as well a1- 

Just OFF 
1 9 4 6 N .E. Loop 4 1 o h a r r y WURZBACH 
8 2 6 - 2 3 5 5 
FEATURES 
Our Efficiency 

, . . ‘ 1 5 5 
This efficiently designed floorplan comes complete with dressing room, bath and huge waik-in closet. A bachelor or single girl will love the step-saving kitchen with serving bar — great for guests. 
There’s an extra outside storeroom too, for all your once-a-year things. 
559 Sq. Ft. 
_ □ 188 

5’8”xlo’l I 

BAR 

DINING 

 uio’xir 

LIVING 

11x14’ 

BEDROOM 

KEE Style by o LIFE INVESTORS 

 otic- and two-story plans. 
Although building costs escalated in the last few years, Sitterle has effectively kept its new home prices at a very reasonable level Looking at the homes already constructed, one is amazed with the quality w orkm anship. careful finishing detail and ele­ gant. decorator interiors, reflecting far mon' ex­ pensive price tags than what is actually being asked by Sitterle. 
Interiors are sophisti­ cated. yet warm , in at­ mosphere, w it ll woodburning fireplaces. wet bars. elegant entries, vaulted ceilings, custom cabinetry, full ceram ic baths and showers and bright kitchens featuring the finest ele ctric ap­ pliances 
The exteriors of S it ­ terle homes are 75 per cent masonry with cedar roofs, pebble-fitiish pa­ tios and w alkw ays on landscaped lot where the trees have been carefully prosers cd 
The homes are placed on the pro- pert ies so as to Ii Ie nd with the environm ent rather than distract 
Oak 
Meadow is a 
"n iu s t " for those who want to live in the country without the re­ sponsibilities of country bv mg. 
Oak M eadow’s proxi­ m ity to nature— the sounds of birds, the abundance of trees, the m eadows of natural grasses and w bdl lowers 
— five an expansive feeling to modern In mg. vet residents are only six minutes away from NAN 
Loop 41(1. major shopping malls, restaurants and a variety of entertainment 
Iii Oak Meadow itself, fine recreational fa c i­ lities are available, in­ cluding tennis courts, sw im m ing pool, clu b ­ house and even a kiddie pool. 
The North East School 
District serves the area, with Castle H ills E le ­ mentary. .Jackson Middle and 
C h u rch ill 
High 
Schools 
Oak Meadow homes are open for view ing from Hi a m. to dusk 
Tuesday through Satu r­ day: noon to dunk. Sun­ day and M onday. To reach Oak Meadow. drive out N VV. M ilitary Hwy. approximately six m in­ utes from NAV Loop 41o 

By FRANK M ANI P E L L I 

PRESIDENT, GREATER S A RUDDERS ASSOCIATION 
Some of the underlying causes in the increases in the cost of housing need to be clarified. 
Many families are being priced out of the housing market, and there are no simple, quick means to relieve the situation. 

Several factors 

Involved are several factors: an un­ certain economy, inflation, surging land costs, governmental regulation and red tape. Not the least of these is the governmental aspect. 

The hard costs (labor and material costs) today account for less than half the sales price of a typical single-fam­ ily home, having dropped from 54 per cent in 197o. the major reason for this change in ratio has been the sharp upturn in the price of raw land and land development costs, which to­ gether account for about 21 per cent of the total cost of a new home today. In the 197U-74 period, land costs increased til per cent. 

High financing costs must be men­ tioned. Because the typical builder is a small businessman, lie must borrow construction money at rates much higher than the prime rate. During the 
1974-75 money crunch, builders were paying as high as 17 per cent interest on their construction loans. In the 
197o-74 period alone, construction fin­ ancing costs for builders jumped an astronomical IHS per cent. This goes into the price of the house, 

A prime culprit in the scene is over-regulation by government — federal, state and local. For example, communities impose restrictive zoning ordinances (large lot zoning and mini­ mal floor requirements, bans against multi-family housing and the like) iii ail attempt to slow or stop new deve­ lopment. The result is to curtail home 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

SEEING IS BELIEVING 
3,2oo Sq. Ft. of Living Area 
With Double G arage 

Built on Your lot or Land 

(within 75 miles) 

*57,5oo 

4 Bedroom 

Family home 

Full masonry 

V hawmno JY 
MAGIC CHEF 

..1,1111 T ~ 

B R 
B R 
B R. 

L. 
HALL 
L 

Upstairs 

S I P 

DR Cl 

M B R 

IF ROOM 

LIV. 

NOOK 

DIN 

W R. 
UT. 

CAR 
Dow n 

• Concrete foundation 
• Quality kiln dried lumber by 
Gino Lumber 
• Owens Corning fiberglass insulation 6 " 3!6 ”, 
• Deluxe Magic Chef built in kitchen 

• Friedrich central air conditioning by Hairy Ciosland 

 e Covered patio 

W e have lots available 

• Quality carpet vinyl by Wilton 
Carpet Co. 

• Marble vanities 
• Tile tub and shower 
• Indirect lighting 
• Plate Glass mirrors in baths 

Buz Sawyer 

494-2743 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 

 construction and make it more expen­ sive. 

These restrictive zoning ordinances or bans against additional sewer hoo­ 

 kups push suburban sprawl even further into outlying districts where new sewer systems, utilities, schools, roads and other municipal services must be built from scratch. Obv iously. it is much less expensive to build a new home in a developed community where sewer and other municipal facilities already have been built and can ac­ commodate additional growth. 

Then there's governmental overlap­ ping which adds red tape, causes delay and adds to cost. Building codes are designed to protect the health and sa­ fety of consumers. The Greater San 
Antonio Builders Association agrees with that wholeheartedly. But today many homes must meet not just one building standard but sometimes two or three. FHA-financed homes, for in­ stance. must conform to the federal government’s Minimum Property 
Standards as well as strong local or state building codes. 

A builder must wrestle with such matters as zoning ordinances with minimum floor area and lot size re­ quirements, tree ordinances, site plan reviews, environmental impact state­ ments, subdivision development stan­ dards such as road pavement and sidewalk widths, storm water management programs and water and sewer system requirements. Then there are the grading and sediment control regulations and arbitrarily im­ posed development and processing fees. 

One unnecessary regulation may add only $5o to the price of a home. But 2o such regulations imposed over a period 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLA Y 

 of years can easily add thousands of dollars to the price. 
The average homebuilder is a small businessman who constructs less than 
2o homes a year. He has little or no staff But it requires experts, lawyers aud others to cope with tile massive paperwork and red tape resulting from ever-expanding government regula­ tion. These costs must be passed on to the homebuyer. 
Consumers have a right to be con­ cerned, even as builders are con­ cerned. over rising housing costs. Help may be on tIn* way, but it will tie a long time before its effects will be felt . 

 stated 

Legislation has been proposed to force congressional action on basic re­ gulatory reform — a bill which would require Congress, w ithin four years, to complete reform of federal regulation iii many areas, including construction 
What with the elections this year, it is not likely that this legislation will get off the ground very soon. 
However, I believe that citizens should In1 alert to the critical problems of over-regulation. It affects their pocketbooks and their way of life and wlien they understand that, then they eau tell the politicians how they feel about it 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONIY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IH IO 
ADULT & FAMILY 
SECTIONS 

6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 WoooSToNE 

 f t 
^ 
Sundance 

; ' 
4 6 1 5 G A R D E N D A L E 
6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 
CHANGING CONCEPTS IN 
ADULT LIVING 

The 
’ Cflntnnian 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

Bf* Sh** bg 

Q LIFC INVESTORS 
732-9611 

1 -2 -3 
Bedrooms 
APARTMENT^ 

URStyleby 
9525 LORENE 

 lflUFEHVESTORS 
3 4 4 - 9 8 8 8 

 y ^ N R R B T 
HOMESTYIE APARMENT 
LIVING 

451 5 Gardendale 
6 9 1 -1 o 4 4 

QEL MIKADO 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts. 

3243 
Nacogdoches 
6 5 6 -o 1 8 8 

° E L MADRID 
APARTMENTS 

• F tropia* **v 
• Complete All electric kitchens 

• W asher D rye r 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

6 9 6 -2 8 4 6 
61 ll Vance Jackson 

O COUNTRY C LU B 
APARTM ENTS 

\n ideal I* lea lion 
Next to I urlle I reek 
I .oil I onr-e 
If'Mi-7o lit no to I .in li.n i n IM w 

T e r r a 

A lta 

TURN A UNF URN 
WAI FO* (8UFUS 
ANO STUDE WTS 

411 EVEREST 
8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 

< D , 

NOB 
H IU 
APARTMENTS 

Nob Hill Apartmintv off IH IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

O FRENCH CHALET 

16 5o JA C K S O N KELLER 

THI UlTIMATt APARTM ENT 
COMMUNITY 

3 4 4 - 4 6 1 6 

M 
M 
T 
M E N T L l V I M C 
W ith Ideal Locations to 
Fit Your Needs 

SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS l f (SURE LIVING 
SUPER LOCATION 
MANCO AT JACKSON KILUK 
/SA] SOUTH SM LANE 
341-62SI o 
- l l © : 

° sumiouieR 
APAR I M I « » » 

You owe it to yourself to see our apartments. 
25S4 Northeast loop 41o 656-1222 

© LA PLAZA APTS. 

TENNIS W O RLD " 

• 
M M I * AMO ( A n c I M CLUB 
• * BU IT AMO FAM ILY M L HO M S a furnishes amu omfuknismio apartments a UTILITIES PAID 
• N O R TNE A S I SCHOOLS/ BU S SERVICE 
• N O B TEE STAB AMO C IM T ! A i PA RK M A U A K IA 
115 N.W. LOOP 41o 
3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 

© 
LIN DA APTS. 
235 HOWARD off I 1oO N. MAIN 

I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I blk 
M ain Bank, lu bys, Expressw ay, 
Hospitals, Adults O n ly 

2 2 6 - 8 4 9 2 

\\ o l c l i o l e r S q u a r e * 

\ | » u r l i n c u t * 
I, 2, 3 lM‘<lroom u|>h, 

< MHW lilt ill Im F u r l '.IM I din t K .mmImIjiIi 

I I I I Austin llvss. 
K211-1 IO* 

© 
* VltH 
*t vet it 
VI* VK I MLM' 

^ 4 
( t h * 

I P i e r 

1946 N. fc. Looo 41o 
IPE Style by 
(Harry Wuriboch Exit) 
Q uFEMVESTORS 
826 2355 

I C o u n try \ illume 

\|»urliii«iil« 

.I. 2. 3 l»E-ilr*E«Eui« 

I 
" • i i - ti l l * In iii; (m i tan n in - m Iim ii it* Ie i -Iji h I 1 4)411 fr o m 

I ii I Hi < .ouiilrs \ ill,tut 
MJH-AT 2 I 

® 
W ‘lin ie r***! A p a r tm e n t * 

 liati-O 182 

8833 W illitiiun SA as 

I j r ; r p m . lr |iAlin*. f EME* t ill* ill Im A linl-iir 

P a r i, Mall. H j i m ImI|iIi ji m ! Furl "ahi. 

I.u\urs U s iiiff in V K . Sen \nloiiio 

® The Heritage 

Apartments 
I I different floor plans — 
All with patios 
Priced from $2 I 5 — All Bills Paid 

I 543 Babcock 
341-2228 

I 82 Bd. Apts. 
From SI 7o 

All Bilk Hold 

1o7o7 IN IO Weft 

I -gypc s t 
APARTMENTS 

6 9 o - o o o 1 

® T h e l i m n a x y 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMMU 
NHY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT 
YARD HALF BLOCK OFF LOOP 4 1o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL 

86o7 JONIS MALTSBERGER 
341 -31 26 

© 
N O RTHEAST A R IA 

M o r r ill c P la z a 

I 6 2 BDR. 4 T O W N H O U SE 

G ard e n a p t* 
Witt* i lune wi!ti k ept sp acio u s grounds, patios, bokom*!*, pool, walk lo shop ping, Trotui**s plus 
Parrin-Beitel Rd. 
655-7122 

© 

 min 

NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 
8 2 4 -o o 1 9 
WESTGATE 

© i n u r n 
A N ADULT A PAR TM EN T C O M M U N IT Y 
Alt A M IN IT Y B ON SUS UNL B O N I b l O C FC FROM ST MARY Se • O N I M O C K 
FROM SHOPPING e FURN ADDI 
1,263 BDR 
HUO lo $245 
I 
UTIimtS PAID 
33o1 W . W O O D L A W N 
434-9394 
A BO t BO 55 APAMI MKN t CGmmoNIVv 

© 
Dark (Ccfcunf 

A partm ent Com m unity 
T V MONITORED SECURITY— GARDEN PATIOS 
LUXURIOUS G U I ROOM— GYM I SAUNAS 
I-2 3 BDR 
I & 2 BATH 
$17o 27o (Turn Addt UTILITIES Pd 

2o11 BANDERA RD 
434-4191 

I b I w m i i H illcre st A C a lla g h a n 
A B o b R o ss A p a r t m e n t C o m m u n it y 

© 
TARA 
© 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAME 
COMVIMEFMF LEX A HOM AMO u rn M U E A AID 
BOSI BROADWAY 
8 2 4 - o o 6 1 
8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 

For the truth, 
Compare 
1o362 Sahara Drive, lust east of San Pedro, north 
J 
I 349-2617 of Loop 4 io 
/ 

Head D an C o o k — 
M r. S p o rts o f San A n to n io 

 in the San Antonio New s 

M m raLandFinance P r i c e r e p o r t s lo w s m a r t 

D O W 
T O K E S I W D U 8 T I U A I . A V E R A G E . N Y 
4 
E 
I N 
D 
E X 
J I 

D O W J O N E S 
INDUSTRIALS 
D A IL Y sr 

S C A L I O N B I G H T 
------------------ ,------------------- 

1 9 7 6 

I 
ALL P R IC E S 
On tngiinthiYMC SColo 

Git# Mac*#/ i ttfiksr hurt//IU 

V O L U M E 

Express-New s analysis 

MONDAY — Bluer chips led a re­ bound from the six-weeks drop of 7.113 in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. 
Six of the Dow stocks made the most active list, and the average posted a rise of ti.981, biggest gain since Jan l l 
In the whole market, however, ad­ vances were only slightly ahead of de­ clines and volume at 19.23o.9oo shares was the lowest of the year. 

TUESDAY — Again the emphasis was on blue chips, with the Dow aver­ age showing a percentage gain more than twice that of the whole market 
The D JIA rose 5 99 or o til per cent against a rise of ll la or o.27 per cent for the N Y SE index of all common stocks. Economic news included a 19 iper cent jump in new car sales drop of 
I per cent industrial output in January, attributed to severe weather and the gas shortage. 
WEDNESDAY — American Tele- phone, world’s most widely held stock, boosted its quarterly dividend by IO cents to $1 o5. This helped push the 
DJIA up for a rise of IO I beday. Volume imporved slights 

THI RSDAY — 
After advancing 
16.78 in three days, the DUA backed 

 off, posting a loss of 4 57. Volume was light as* modest profit taking was not offset by any fresh buying stimulus. 
The day’s trading at 19.o4o.ooo was slightly lower than Monday’s, which was the lowest of the year up to then. 

FRID AY 
— Trading fell to the lowest volume (18.o4o.ooo shares) since November 3o The desultory ses- sion virtually ignored a government report that consumer prices rose twice 

 a s fast iii January a s i i i December. Tile 
D JIA closed off 3 49 

St MM SRV — As measured by the 
Dow Jones Industrial Average, the market staged its first weekly adv ance in the seven weeks of 1977. But steam ran out at the rally in mid-week. Vo­ lume for the week was the lowest for any week shares. 

N EW YO RK (A P ) - The stock market responded to news of a jump in the government’s consumer price in­ dex with a slow decline Friday. 
The Dow Jones average of 3o indus­ trial stocks slipped 3.49 to 94o.24, reducing its gain for the week to 8,72 points. 
C onsum er prices up last m onth 

WASHINGTON (A P ) — Consumer prices increased eight-tenths of one per cent in January, the biggest infla­ tionary surge in 18 months, and go­ vernment economists warned Friday of another big increase in February and possibly March. 
President Carter also was handed unfavorable reports 
Frid ay on workers’ earnings, on the cost of housing and on growth in the nation’s 
Gross National Product, all of which could make ii more difficult for him to achieve his economic goals this year 
Higher costs for food and fuel led to the price surge in January. Overall food costs were up nine-tenths of one per cent, more than the increase of six-tenths of one per cent during all of 
1976 
Furthermore, the Labor Department said its January Consumer Price Index did not reflect the full price impact of the severe winter weather. That probably will show up in the price report for February and possibly 
March, said one top government econ­ omist 
But even though prices increased iii 
January at an annual rate of nearly IO per cent. Maynard Comic/ of the 
Commerce Department said he thinks the underlying inflation rate probably is still between 5 per cent and Ii per cent. Consumer prices rose 4 8 per cent during all of 1976. 

 this year at 1o1,36o.ooo 

RANGE 
- High 
W ednesday at 957 28. on Monday at 926 ll 
91o.24 Gain on the week all shares traded on tin million shares. 

 was made on 
Low was made 
Close. Friday. 
8 72 Volume, 
NYSE. 1o1 36 

ANAI \tSIS av CMABUS E CARDEN 
Bus usage drops 

Not as many people rode the bus last month as did in January a year ago. trustees of the San 
Antonio 
Transit 
Authority (SATS) were told Friday. 
F. Norman Hill. the general manager, said the number of bus pass­ engers dropped by more than five per cent 
He attributed the de­ crease to “ business con­ ditions** and not the had weather. 

The trustees awarded a 
$13,876 contract to Tri- 
Tex Machine & Tool Co for a piece of equipment; and a $723 a month con­ tract to Alamo Building 
Maintenance for janitor­ ial services. 

The resignation of Ms 
Cheramv Kushuldt. a trustee, was accepted with regret. She is mov­ ing to Kansas City, Mo., to accept a new job 
Trustees met in dosed session following tile re­ gular meeting, un- inturned nothing aud ad­ journed 

WftfMy Group Average 
N f W Y O M * ( A P ) 
• 
The fo llo w in g HIU fpv** the w eensy # vfr# o# ch#o9#*'for r . m e f o m m o n v f i y l v I 
A e ro s p a c e Ame r a ft 
Ai# ? r tun sp ort 
A u h - . T f v t a 
Au*o PVH A Ar rewon#* 
H a n ks 
'a v n u v A I nan 
Heve. av* $o#T D r in k s 
H rewong O 'M O U n g 
(tut I din g 
Chefwr ak 
« 
Cjsm rn not < a** Ar 
Cong f om *»r a t e«k CM v*r * < f * ar* 
C o n ta in e r, P a c k a g in g fir g o v M f-t'f a i V ip p it t a 
IF let:tr«n*c%. C I rm tI c I T M m 
I e 
* mods. Clorn m o d tf to t fo o d M a rk e t* I V e n d o r * 
Cupid. Sd war f 
Mote**. M otet* T o u r tam 
Woo*# f urn»*.h*ng* tn*vr# m # 

M at h>n*ry 
Meta* F a b r ic a t in g 
Mining (non metallic ) 
M o to r T ra n s p o rt 4 L e t t in g 
Non ♦arrow* Ma tai* 
OWic# Fqutpmtnt 4 Sarv»fa% 
Paper Pulp 
Pa* rot aum 
Photo Product* 4 Service* 
Prac tatoo in*trumaot*. **'<*•% 
P rm tm g P u tti (th in g 
P a d rn a d * B a d E q u ip m e n t 
P e a i F i t at# 
Mac r e a t ion L#( *wr a 
Mea ta* »r ants 
M atati T ra d e 
Bolder fir•* 
V*tpp ng, Vtipbudding 
SOO#* L a a tn a r P ro d u c ts 
Snap* C o a m a tit* . T od etn # * 
Steal iron fa u t de* A p p a re l 
T obacco 
UTH it ta* Pi or trie 
UTH*!!#* G a * 

 uoch unch uoch 

S t i u l r n t s t o 

« £ rt r e f u n d s 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— The Ryder System, 
Inc., a nationwide truck rental firm, has agreed to refund up to $1.5 mil­ lion to onetime students w ho were trained to drive* trucks and heavy equip­ ment at vocational schools operated by the company. 
The court-enforced pact. publicly announced 
Friday, settles a Federal 
Trade Commission com­ plaint which alleged that the firm misled enrollees alioth their chances for employ meta. 

S. A. 
Livestock 

11 O L r a d s t a t e ; 

M A R K E T N E W S S E R V I C E 

C A T T L E 
A N O 
C A L V E S 
R< < »'i|«ty Ib is w*-<'k pskim otrr) at 
4 /9? o w l t rnrifwiro'. with 5,4 19 lost wops find A, ll 4 tost voor 
C O M P A R E D TO L A S T W L E K 

S lo u g h ie r < d iv e s an d v t'd O m a * ab o ut s te a d y but p o o rly te ste d 
Slau g h ter < ows m o stly Si higher o f t e r lo s in g p a r t of th e e o r ly w eek s o d v a n re . S la u g h te r bulls steady t o i l higher fe e d e r steers an d b u lls m o s tly i i h ig h e r , in s ta n c e s i i SO I h ig h e r on h ig h 
G o o d a n d C h o ic e 4oo lb s a n d 

 lighter 
S e ed e r h e ife rs m o stly i i 

 h ig h e r, in s ta n c e s i ? h ig h e r on s o m e w e ig h in g 35o lb s . a n d tig h te r 
C o c k e r in t e r e s t s th is 

Aet!, tor fleshy 4oo 55o lb cattle ro th ei lim ited 
S e e d e r in te re s ts 

 ri m gm ed aoite a g g re s s iv e w ith a 
" .‘ if t ih le n u m b e r a l h a v e r s co m p e tin g not n o r m a lly on the m arket Slaughter co w s m ode up about ?o per cent of this w eek s s u p p ly a n d s la u g h te r c a lv e s , ye a rlin g s and bulls acco u n ted tor another 5 per te n t 
B o to n e e lac 

 tufty G ood and C ho ice JOO 5oo lh fee d e r ra ttle w ith n o tic e a b le in c r e a s e in steer an d butt c a lv e s w eighing JOO IOO lbs fro m other ret eof week s 
S L A U C H I E R C A L V E S A N O 

V E A R L IN G S 
G o od and C h o ice 

4?5 55o lbs e a rly $.14 IS ?5 M o stly 
G o o d 4oo WOO lb s i l l SO i t an d 

 som e 
Stan d a rd and low Good 

$?» 75 ll ?S 

S L A U G H T E R C O W S 
U t i l i t y ? ! 

 i?4 75 28 25 w ith som e high d re ss m g on M o n d a y S29 TO. C u tte r 
I ? ? 75 28 75, ta te s a le s 
I I I 75 lh IS, w ith h ig h d r e s s in g 
$26 5o V C an n er an d low C utter i t s 75 ? T 75 

S L A U G H T E R E JU L L S y ie ld 

 geode I 2 I OOO I NKI lbs i l l 5o TS, in d iv id u a l 1.35o lb s VTA SO. few 
95o VIO O lb s in d ic a t in g a low boning p ercen tag e 17/ 5o JO SO 

I E E D L R 
S T E E R S 
A N D 

B U L L S 
C h o ic e 7oo 3oo lb s 

V44 4A /5; 'OO SOO lbs 14 T 5o 46 SO. tew lots 325 425 lbs U A /5 4/ /5 
•OO aoo lbs 519 75 47 75 Goo 
' hoice 7oo SOO lbs 
119 44, 

 ate sales 75o SOO lbs SIO 75 

 iOO AOO lb s la t e i J 9 25 ■ 

(A osfty 
G o o d 
7oo IOO 

IJS 25 TS 25. few 518 SO T9; J 

 and 

Kite i n 

 d a b o s 

Court tells firm to halt letter use 

 tienss NEWS CAPITOL BuktAU 
A San Antonio-based eviction firm has been enjoined from sending nut notice letters bearing the alleged signature of state Atty. Gen. John L Hill nr his assistants 
The injunction was granted late Thursday by 166th 
State Bist Judge Peter Michael Curry against F. A i 
Brown, doing business us Original Notice to Quit I 
Agency, 
In the Bexar County suit. Hill alleged the defen­ dant sent out letters announcing establishment ut his business aud attached to the announcements a letter purported to have been released over the signature I of Hill and ills assistants 
The state contended the lefter til fact was not sent out over Hill's or his assistant's signature* hut was a letter pieced together by the defendant. 
The suit charged the pieced-together letter was part of tine used by the Bexar County Legal Aide 
Assn., and a portion of a legal opinion rendered bv 
Hill. 
In addition to prohibiting use of the letter, Brown was also ordered to furnish the court all names of businesses and individuals to whom the original letter was sent. 

 few 

 flo w n to 535 25 
AOO 

 i l l 5o 1/ 5o 5 lfln d o f(l 
Good 3oo AGO ib5 $32.25 
$ T5 5o TA a n a 
AOD /$ > 
(bk 

$?8 25 34 75. in clu d in g %ome Ibm 
A85 /85 in built, tote $ J I so 14 25 

 t L E D E R H E I L I R S 
C h o ic e 

25o 4oo lbs $J4 15 5o 
4oo 5/5 lbs i i i 5o j i 5o, G o o d a n d C h o ic e 
?/5 5/5 lbs l l ? 34 5o, m o stly G ood 
2oo 3oo I bk ITV ?5 33 75. 3oo 675 
•bk $3o 25 TI SO. tote $31 25 33 5o. few $31 / S i t S ta n d a rd ond low 
Good $2/ 75 3o 25 

OTHERS M ostly Good cow ond 

 colt p a n s $2o1 241 per p air M okt iv G ood, few C h o ic e 33o 4/5 id rep lacem ent h e ife rk $ }l 5o ]5 few 
4IKL5oo lev $34 25 35 5o L e w Good 
515 66o in y e a rlin g he ilerk 

$29 25 l l 25 
H O G S 
R e ce ip ts thik week 95o, 

 lost week ' oo/ last y e a r 8/9 

C O M R A R E D T O L A S T W E E K 

B a rro w s and grits $1 I '>o higher an a sows t i h ig h er, both ctosses not rested otter M o n d ay 
HARROWS AND G i l t s u s 

I I 2o8 23o lbs 
$19 5o 4o m o stly 

$19/ 
4o 1/5 2oo Ibk $38 39 

S O W S 
U S 
I i IOO 4oo 'b k 

I D 15 4oo 5 5o tbs i i i l l 

Declines held a 7-5 edge on advances af the New York Stock Exchange. 
Big Board volume slowed to 18.o4 million shares from 19.o4 million 
Thursday, hitting a 2%month low for the second straight session. 
Most of the day’s loss came at the outset after the Labor Department reported that the consumer price index climbed o.8 per cent—equal to a 9.6 per cent annual rate—last month 
Largest in year 

The rise, led by sharply higher prices for food and fuel, was the lar­ gest for the cost-of-living yardstick in a year and a half. 
And the government cautioned that it did not reflect the full effect of bad winter weather on prices. 
The news depressed prices in the bond market, which is especially sen­ sitive to inflation trends, and thus ad­ dl'd rising long-term interest rates to the stock market’s problems. 
Despite those negative influences, no heavy selling of stocks appeared, how­ ever. In the afternoon the market sim­ ply drifted before Wall Street closed down for a three-day holiday weekend. 
First gain 
The Dow’s gain for the week was its first this year after a string of six consecutive declines since Now 5'('ar s. 
Standard & Poor’s index of 4o6 in­ dustrials was down .53 at 111.57 on the day. and S&P's 5oo-stock composite index gave up ,43 o 1oo.49 
Inexeo Oil was the most active issue as of the NYSE close at 4 p.m., up •’% at 
21% on turnover of close to 4oo,ooo shares. 
Tile company said it had no explan­ ation for the stock's runup this week on heavy turnover. Analysts say traders have been attracted to the stock by the company’s natural gas and other en­ ergy interests. 
Inmont, second on the active list, v aulted 4:Vi to 21%. Esmark has offered 
$22.5o a share for the company’s stock, and Inmont said it had received ex­ pressions of interest from other, un­ named companies 
Esm ark, which separately an­ nounced plans to close five of its Swift 

& Do. meat plants because of poor earnings, dipped % to 32%. 
Polaroid also was actively traded, rising 1% to 35% on expectations that the company will introduce an instant, movie system at its annual meeting in 
April. 
Murphy Oil slumped 3% to 26%. The company said its earnings would be 

Coffee futures rise 12 cents 

Trading was active again this 

 week in coffee futures as prices rose to the $2.52 per pound level basis the May delivery for a week s gain of over 12 cents per pound. 
A Central American producer raised her minimum export price by an equi­ valent of 7.25 cents per pound, lending impetus to the upmove in futures, and 
Brazil raised her minimum exporter assessment $4 per bag, offsetting a further small devaluation in her currency, the iruzlero. 

Cocoa drops 

Af thf same time, cocoa futures suf­ fered a severe decline due in a variety of unfavorable factors. 
A labor strike iii the Netherlands disrupted Hit' normal flow of cocoa beans aud products iii and out of their ports, throwing the European trade into a tailspin 
Since the Dutch are major cocoa merchants til tins part of the world, the shortage of supplies reverberated throughout Western Europe, forcing 

COMMODITY 
REPORT 
Furnished by <5*raid S. 
( ohn. vice president. sales division. San An­ tonio office, Ruche Hal­ sey Stuart Inc. 

 some manufacturers to suspend their operations. 
By Friday, cocoa for May delivery had declined to the $1.64 per pound level for a fifteen cent loss on the week 
By contrast, trading in sugar was quiet, with nearby delivery posting small losses. 
During the last two weeks there has been sideways activity us fresh input has been lacking. 

L o c a l s l o c k s 

CULMO! > VV H K I M I W I l k 

H ill 
\ . k 
B i l l 
Val, 
X L I 

I It.* II'', 
O K 

V i m r 
I i i i - .............. . 
2 ‘ • 
V i 
3% 
4 % u p I % 

B e x a r I •» I l k 
................. 
. 
J U 
J U 

( a l e t i 'r i a i - . I i i i .............. 
. i H ' f 
I U ' i 
111% 
H 
H 

 t L l I .I 11) M 111 
........................ 
J I G 
2 .V . * 
2 2 ' j 2 3 % d i i I % 

F i t r e f t O i l ........................ 
2 1 % 
2 1 % 
2 1 
2 1 % d i i % 

I r i » 't l i . i n k ( o r p . 
. . 
2 1 ' • 
2 2 ' • 
•> I I , 
-VSI , 

G u l l E n e r g y ................. 
. U 
G 
1 2 % » 
1 2 % 
1 3 % u p % 

M e r e i d I \ C s s n i l l l 
. . 2 b 1 .• 
2 7 
2 V a 2 b % l i l t a 

M e r e i i i T x IM M 
. (f . s 1 i b t l 1 i 
6 3 H 6 4 H d n 1 % 

I M v i n |»i.i B r e w .............. 
. . Y I H 
5 .> ' i 
.*»♦» 
3 7 t i p 1 % 

N B G i i i l e x ..................... , 
3 b 
J H 
3 6 
3 8 

S i g m o r G i » r | » .............. 
. 1 3 % l l 
I J H 
I J it f l u 1 a 

VV i n n - .............................. 
2 1 1 * 
2 2 % 
2 1 
2 2 i l l ! % 

W H A 
I ’M I V lf l l 
" 
I A M 
X U 
W 
U K 
VV L l h 
I l u n e t ' 

( H l i r o v . I n e . . . , , . ............. 
I % 
4 % d i i 1 a 

F i f X - S l a i i l e x 
I M i i i t u .......... u q% l i p 'i i 

H o w e | | ( i s r t i .............. ______ 
I T G 
1 5 a 
• ill I a 

I ! , l M o t o r I n it n . . , ....... q - a 
I U l i p ‘ a 

M 
M 

( Ii u n Ii - I .h is k 
. . ................12 h i 
3 2 % d i i 1 i 

H a r t e I i . i n k - .............. ______ • 2 K % 
2 B 11 

I i n u r n P e t ............... 
. . . . 
15 Hi 
I I a 
• I n 1 .* 

V II l l V I. l l M l« * 

I V V V I . a }s G r o w t h 
. . . . 
Trill 
7.bb u p . o 5 

I > V V I n e u m e . . . . . . . . H 
U I 
1 1 . 9 2 u p .o 1 

I n i t e d N - r v i t 'e n . . . .......I . 4 U lr 45 u p . o 5 

“ at best flat, and more likely slack” into 1978. 
The N Y S E ’s composite index dropped .2o to 54.68. 
On the American Stock Exchange, the market value index lost .23 to 
112.25. The NAS-I) AQ composite index for the over-the-counter market closed ut 96.38, down .18. 

Union ready for 
Bell talks 

W ASHINGTON (AIM 
— The Communications 
Workers of 
America served notice Friday that an attack on automation and a better break for women will be prime ob­ jectives when it opens the year’s biggest labor negotiations 

Glenn E. Watts, ( WA president, said that talks for contracts to cover 
5oo,o9o members em ­ ployed by the Bell Sys­ tem will be held in Wa­ shington. probably in the spring although no date has I teen set 

Although the current 
United 
Steelworkers’ negotiations with the Iii largest steel producers may have larger econ­ omic import for the na­ tion. they deal with fewer actual employees, 
34o,(NNI 
Gold gains in London 
CM 

LONDON (A P) - The price of gold rose in London Friday while the dollar made its most substantial gain against the weakened French franc. 

 undertainties were largely respond for the franc’s weakness ihle 

(•old rose 2o cents an ounce in 
London, closing ai $136 75, up from 
Thursday’s $136,55. 

Marketplace 

OMC T R I(K S 
I Wheel Drive, Short k 
Long Wheel Base Van duras k Suburbans 
TINDALL k SON 
Pontiac, GML 

In Zurich, Europe’s major bullion center, the price remained unchanged at $136 625 an ounce. 

The French franc eased against all major currencies for the second day in a row The dollar, winch was quoted at 
4 99 francs for the first time in four weeks, dosed at 4 9875 francs in limit­ ed trading in Paris, up front Thurs­ days closing rate of 4 98 francs 

The dollar gained slightly against the pound, closing ut $1.7o45 as com­ pared with Thursday’s close of $1 7o54 

 rile stability of tin* pound was more remarkable considering it came af tor the announcement of a sharp increase in January’s retail prices here 

The dollar's closing rule elsewhere as compared to Thursday 

Zurich — 2.512o Swiss francs, down from 2 5142 francs 

Amsterdam — 2 NMO Dutch guilders, down from ‘2.5o55 guilders 

SW EEPSTAKES 
I 

I.........J N U M B E R S r * 
" " " I 

 l r s p .m . - 
§ i 
I Deadline 
M o n . 
2-21-77 g 
1$5o451'94'1362 
I IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

$ 1 o 457-3o-16621 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE I 
$25 452-58-9642 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

$ | o 459-44-88481 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE | 

* 2 5 29 3- 3o-5119 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

S | Q 451-44-78181 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE I 

$ 1 o 4o3-5° - 7S 36 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

$ 1 o 518-42-2113H 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE I 

452-o3-8525 

TW O '5 SPURS TICKETS 

459-58-47oo 
I 

TWO *S SPURS TICKETS^! 

459-o2-6587 
I TW O *5 SPURS TICKETS 

5o9- 46- 2751/ 
I 
TW O ‘ 5 SPURS TICKETS | 

466-3o-3o96 
T W ^ 5 S P U R H K I< E T $ 

Claim* not Honorad on Sat. or Sun. 

W inners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the S W E E P S T A K E S ED IT O R at the Expres$-News building, 

A ve. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be 

 forfeited otherwise. ALL PR IZ ES ARE IN THE F O R M O F G IFT CERTI­ 

FIC A TES FO R THE A M O U N T W O N R ED EEM A B LE AT S T O R E S W H IC H 

H A V E A D V ERTISED IN THE S A N A N T O N IO E X P R E S S , THE N E W S , 

O R W E E K EN D E X P R E S S - N E W S T H IS W E E K . W in n ers o f Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they m ay claim their tw o free 

 tickets to the home gam e of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1,ooo OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN WIN YOU UP TO 
$SOO EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you're a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you'll be awarded an ADDI­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more 

 drawings y o u ’ll be eligible for! 

N O PU R C H A SE N E C E S S A R Y . Entry card$ also available at the Ex- press-News upon request. W in ning numbers m ay be view ed at the newspaper offices from 8 :3 o a m. to 5 :3 o p.m. M o nd ay - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

The Rules: 

I. TO IN TU 
I A- IK, W!T|I 

 veer | « W W ,w » , Nm—Ai- 
—A mmM A rn I W U H 'U U IS 
A tm AND N W I 
AO 
SOS 
I M I la* U W N . N im /atef 
T K . m rtry m u m a w l 

I A n m , S a * A * . 
» a * N l i p m i mm4 I N M a w ,. A a a - (A a anA A a a w a . B a# a * a a - 
Kl* a*a! S IM A, ti -A# 

« » a HaAA» a* kAa 
I l a - * * a * 4 
N a a n . A v a I a n i i N i i t . K a * * 
• SO a a* t a S S O p m a a a k e a r* . A * n a * — *Aa*A (A a " T I S " 
A a a M r a n w N h aa I " h u r t s * ta 
•A a li p n * * aa N a a n aa A a e t aa M 
, a a aa * 4 4 a a to# a n ta * e a e a a O a NM A* tA a 
N O 
A a a 4 yaw a a aa* aria* aa w A aaakA a 

•Aa p r i n t kl a a a aa a e At *** * a a , - 

I. MOZES 
A-kaaa —AI A a a M a ra e A a '! , M a n . 
A a a k A ra a ^ ' H * . la tA a S a* 
A m a rna l a *»a*k a a a TAa M a w , a a i ia r m tta y a a A iw * 4 a , ta kAa 
I - w a n N a w , A a ta A a a a A -a w 
■ag cane****A A a* !, a * A a a I n 
A * ,* 
N a 
*Aa a a a * a a A , a a a t i aa A ay* W ia a a it w k* A a t « a * 
A a A p m la t A a a t a k 

I rn p# a at (MI I N M a w ,. A a a - (A a a* A l A a a w a r A a A a a * 4 A >a * * * l 
S I S O A i p r i n t . 

 s s t w b o a v M in t W i l l C O N S IS T 
o*1 ss® hi 
MHI 
«• (Si 
J SAWS SS T R A I T S IS * 4 4 1 

O A K T M u t t IN A O TM TMI I I . 
MISS A N O TMI N t W t . 
S SO !!) 
I t ISI 
1o(1) 
7 M M U S S t T R A I T S I t A A U I 

 a 
TOTA* o i 
S IA O r n 
M H U 
O A K * ACUS « S t tA W A t T R A I T t i 

3. HOW YOU CAN 
WIN: 
A a t* w in g win A a A a !A Aa**, ta l a i a w i a f 
A a , I 

" a n i S p m lA a ta U a w ta g A e r ie lia n a p r i n t M a w i n i n g a m A a r 
M a mAI*■ A , A a n I ' M * , ia n < -A a y 
• • h i A a r 
* N p r i n t mini A a 
- A in e e A r S A a , 
I N M 
, w 
" | 
N a n A a y A r W a r w ilt A a la r la a -4 
W ilm a r , m e r la m a t a W a C lr . 
- "kafta n 
B a e* 
*♦ M ta 
I i , ' , ' , 
M a w , A ll'll!Step- A v a . I a n e TAMA 
S t. I* lie n A la i- a r t t a t - 
T A a r 
• N I I h e * * era# * a l t h e ir S a « iet 

S a -m l t a - u n t y terA, aku athar 
I A n n u li ail 
W innan m a l tan. im* Aw I-a - a w ane Maw, Ar Ala ape—pa— , AaaAhna ar a-lla* wAI Aa NHaMaA 

3. WHO M AY ENH* 

Tha S t e OOO I w a a e t w A a * F T la 
* A n * * • n a p - a n A a a i a i a a , a r r * w ha# * lh * S a * S a la a m I a e r * , , 
**A Th* M a w , a r * 4 i**riSw**4 
T h* a n iy - a e m r a m a m It lh*, h a rn lh * h a * * a 
S a , m l 
S a . m k t, 

I i , * r a „ M a w , 
C a re a n A 
W a rte 
Ar m im e 
C a . 

 h a * * aA » *rW »*A rn lh * S e a A a . 
A n * I - a - * *r th * M a w , a r i e , . 
" -A e r rn V I* A a , I - * • • • • M aw I 

S U M B A * 
M H U 
W R I 
C O N S IS T or s o n u s m o m a i a i woe t m 

 s i BOO O B 
M O B I (A C M W H I 
A i U t I S S A U B t S t T R A IT S (A C M 

 lh * a rm a A la * i —A a v 
Th* a a rh a r r a n i* * A rn ra w - a a r -y . A i* m a r* 
W-*A, r a n WAI A * * 11* 1 1 * la WW e » i* * i 

4. DEADLINE TO CLAIM 
PRIZES 
W la m n o w 
A i a —A l A * p wb >,»t»- 
• A a m b A e r rn lh * S s * A a ,* * * * 
1 1 m a m lh * N e w ,, a n e S a n r-A a y a n e An n e * * 
I a p r a rn M a w , 
I , p r a m w i n * * ,, 
WAI h a * * 
" a m 

M O 
A g a C M A I S 
IS 
M S C IS S A B * TO ( N T H O B C lA I S t 
A M U I 
A a a n try ,a r A w ill h a 

 a n A 
Th* rn S SB 

N m 
A a l a a l* t i p i * , , 
M a w , tra m Bito a r a 
A m w a * * p a y , 
• a n m a y A * -t a w a A a l Mw I , , p ra m M aw * bm kton p Ira n , 
S SO a m . la I S A p a , 
M * * A * r - i r l . e a r . A r a i P"A*U A A -am aa h r m a p a * h a m * 
T O U 
N U S 
N O T 
S U B IA BIBS 
O B 
N A B S 
A M * 
SUBC MA t i B m yaw a w l a m a r ta 
A * a n e m ia I* w a 
THIS Oma IS wow 
WMS SI 
Bistate tis B* 
L A W 

Dealer* indicated duluth! ic null lie a I 
8 
Milan -- 88'J 25 Italian lire, up from 
82 95 lire. 

' ■ 
■ 
■ 
■ 
A D M IR E TO PO ST C A R D , P L E A S !! 

San Antonio bxpres* 
** 

T ile N e w s *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES 77 
□ 

6*o*1 to 
I •psst ond Na. , SWEEPSTAKES 
PON.. /SSS 

S o n A n t o n . « 
T * « q , / E l f / 

A T T E N c i r c u l a t i o n d e p t 

MV M D U MC IM rf* MUA* B U I st, 
□ □ □ - □ □ - □ □ □ a 

VSS 
□ 
NO 

P l e a s e e n i * r m « rn t h e 
SWEEPSTAKES and I would lit* lo enter g MbienpltOA os nd'toted balow fo r lh # neat 
9o do*, 

PIaols erne* rn* m 
Mw 
SWEEPSTAKES bul I pi*!*' 
IRM to order a ,ubu r.pt'on to 

•ITB p a lie r I QI to r , I'm * 

TEtEPHONE 

/IP. 

N A M I ....... ................................ 
■ -..... 
___ _ 

4oo*111 mr 
— ___ - ...... 
A a n 
$ t a t « 

□ Pleats I to-T palmery of toe New* 4 Sunday O Pleats sto't dsi**##, of to# I,p re ,, 4 Sunday 

□ N o m nod dalivar, of boto (*p>e,i and Now, 

□ I ow* o*»sodr « subsurbBf to toe E>p>Btt pleats odd too N s « t SAondo, liMto, to my su b K **)** 

□ I am o^eady a orbit o b * to too Newt pieate odd toe l*p re u AAonda, lu d o , to my i , h « r ^ w 

S o n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W 
S — 
S a t u r d a y F e b r u a r y 
1 9 
1 9 7 7 
' P a g e I 1 - E 
STRICTLY BUSINESS 
McFeatters 

C om p lete n a tio n w id e co m p o site p rice s 

N e w 
Y o r k s t o r k s 
E x c lu siv e In San A n ton io 

A — B — o 

StoNc k % x c h R9 n i A TssuesT r a d in 9 ' ° r 
WeeK in New V o rk 
Yeorly 
High lo w 
S o l** 
N e t 
(hd».) H ig h Low 
L o tt C hg 
32 J 
AC_y- (net 
ISO 8x282 
35*4 
3 4 ", 
3 4 * 4 - 
U 
■1*8 
I U A J In d 
7 
443 454, 
41/, 
4 1, 4. u 
? n B 
U P M 
I 1 2^1 11x22o7 
2 3 ', 
22 
22- i t 
- ! 
I n i* l? v AD AC P 
1 6 
125 14’ 8 
14 
14'< + 
’ ■« 
$ 
A ?A ,S.V- r 2 11 
28o 44,7 
42’ - 
44 
+ 
U n v 
’ ??* A ^ lr ,d 
8o 
1154 2o ' 7 
2o- J 4- 
U 
>1*4 
7-4 
A T O In c 
4o 
6 
462 
1o*» 
9*4 1o**+ 
H 
I? 8 
* b b ,L »b 
I 
’ 4 1431 
45+4 
44-/4 
45’ , + 1-/4 
4 4 
S i8 A c m e C 'v so 
2o 
131 
12V* 
IO ** l l 
— 
I * . 
4 7 
2 *8 
o4 
5 
SO 
3 '* 
2+o 3 
- 
'o 
2 
4 
? ! 8 « 2 m £ x. 1 15e 
,9° 
12 
D u r n * . 
5*4 
3*4 A d m M il 
o5e 
8 
42 
4 ** 
4*-* 4 " , 
14’ * 
7*4 
A ddrssq ,1oe 19 
84o 14 
131,4 
133%— 
H 

 s r 4 w 
! w n ’ n 
8 3o47 
31' 8 
3o' 7 
3o** 
'4 i i i * 
^ 
* e ,n i»L » Pl 2 
6 46’ , 
45 
4 5 -,+ 
*4 
I ) 4 i i 8 ASu irre 
A 
14 
3o 
1118 
W H 1 1 **4 
34 
17’ A 
9 ** A hm an s 
22 
6 
417 
17-8 
16** 16*8 * 
-8 
6 '* 
2’ ? A ileen 
45 
;8 
31.4 
31. 3 , 
, 
, 

IV * n ' 4 A !r r r 2d 
M b 13 ,365 
3ov* 
29'* 29*4 — 
’ a 
1 5 .7 
U , A irb n F rt 
<o 
13 
513 IS’ * 
14’ , 
IS 
+ 
3,4 
34’ * 
17’ 4 A irc o 
1 15 
6x677 
3o’ , 
29’ , 
3o’ * 4 
*4 

14 4 
I 1- 
I ?o 38 
275 17 
W H 
16*8 
8 
8 » 8 £ 8\ 
1 28 
8 
34 
W U 
16’ * 16’ e i f 
’ 25 7 p f 
” 
/WSO l l 5 H I U 
115 
— 
*4 
S t 
5? 
A a P pf9 44 
7 212o 
1o4'4 1o4 
1o4 
4 
I 
?? * 
M 4 A 8 1 
, P f8 28 
7 46o 
93V, 
9o’ , 
92 
+ 1 
21’ , l l ’ a A la s k ln 
6oc 
7 
489 19'/4 
17*/* 
18’ * — 
* * 
21*4 
14 
A lb a n y In 
72 
7 
4o 19** 
18** 
18*! - 
’ 4 
8 *s 
5 4 A lb e rto C 36 
14 
126 
6’ ? 6 
6**— +, 
2378 
1 7'* A lb e rts n 72 
9 
58 2o*8 
2o 
2o*4 
3o*8 
19*8 
A k a n A lo 8o 
23 2242 2 7 '* 
26-4 
26*8+ i/4 
22>b 
4- 8 A coS d 
96 6x 329 
2 o '* 
19U 
2o’ 8 4- 
’ 4 
28 
18*4 
A lc o n L b 28 
15 
598 2o- * 
19 
19 
— 
’ , rV'* 
5 ,’ 8 t! P xd^ s 36e 
6 
72o 
7’ * 
6 *8 
6*4 4 
H 
14 
7’ , 
Al leg Co 9oe 1 5 x 7 o 
13*4 
13 
13 
— 
’ * 

« 
, 6 
,2,V 4 A^,U? L i i d 
8 
S* 6 233/4 
227,8 
23+4 + H 
45’ , 
33’ 4 A llg L u d pf 3 
575 
41’ , 
4o*8 
41’ , + H 

22 .8 
W U 
1 68 8 
967 2’ W 
2° 3,+ 
2 ’ W + 
’ 4 
2o 
9 *4 
A lle n G rp 6o 
7 
74 13+e 
13’ * 
13+*+ 
U 
4 ’* 
33** A lld C h 
1 8o 
1o 1619 45*4 
44* 8 
44*b + 
+» 
14*8 
9 '* 
A lld M n t 64 
8 
56 14’ 8 
13*4 
14 
+ 
U 
IS’ 8 
9*4 
A lld P ro d 6o 
22 
14 11*4 l l ’/* 
11>B— 
*4 
59'4 
4o*4 A lld S tr 
I 8o 
6 1128 45+8 
43+4 
44 
— 
+* 
6 
2’ 4 A lld S u p 
1o1 
3’/* 3 
3’ a— ’ a 
3o l l 7* A llis C h a l 
9o 
6 
842 25*8 
24U 
2 4 V - 
’ 4 
9*4 
6*4 
A llr t A u l 
6o 
8 61 
9 
V a 
BU i f , ' 8 
, f ! 7 ? !p h P r* , 25p 
4 
223 17+o 
W H 
16**— 
’ , 
V, 4 
7 
1 4o 13 2o65 
54+4 
52’* 
5 4 + 8 + 2 *4 f i 7 
3o 
A m lS u g 
3 
6 
71 34’ 4 
32’ b 
32**— 
2-« 
6o*4 
46’a A m a x 
I 75 l l 2712 
ABU 
46'a 
4 7 * * - 4’ a 
’ i f , 
” 5 
A m a x pf5 25 
29 117 
115 
115 
— 13’ , 
59*4 
48’ 4 A m a x pf 
3 
456 
5o’ , 
48’ 4 
S O * .- 2*4 
24 a 
11*4 AAA BAC 
I 
8 
296 24 
23 
23’ a - 
U 
21*4 
16*4 
A m e rc e I 2o 
7 
2o 19*4 
19*8 
19*, 
37’ , 
29’ , A m rc p f 2 
6o . 
4 37 
36*4 
36’ 4 - '4 
36’ 4 
16U 
A Hess 
6o 
8 
2514 33+* 
32+8 
33- 4 - *4 
8o-4 
457a A H es p f 3 5o 
813 74H 
72+4 
73' * 
4 
21'4 
13-4 
A A ir F ilt 
56 1o 
351 2 o*, 
19U 
2o’ b + 
*8 
16*a 
B U Am A ir 
6 4825 12 
11’ a 
I I H - 
+8 l f , 8 
J ! 8 »m S.or.d 
6o 
9 
477 , 3 ' 8 
1218 
12+a + 
’ < 
15*8 
11*4 
Am B aker 
I 
5 
37 14*8 
14*4 
1 4 -,+ 
'a 
46 
38*b 
A B rn d s 
2.92 IO 
5o7 4 4** 
43*b 
44 
+ 
1/4 
^ ® rn d p fl 7o 
26 24*4 
24'4 
24’ , — ’ a 
42 8 
W H A B d cst 
I 15 2522 39*4 
38 
38’ a — 
H 
12' 4 
8 *4 
Am BldAA 
5o 7 
73 U H l l ' , 
1 1 ',— u 
J9 7 a 3o+b A m C an 
7 4o 8 
449 39*4 
38+4 
3 9 '4 + 
'a 
24 
21 
ACan p f 
I 75 
39 23' 4 
2 2H 
2 2 + o - 
' a 
3 
I ' a A C e n try 
42 
214 
2+a 
2'a 
17+a 
W U A m C red 
81e 5 
179 
17H 
17’ a 
17* 4 + 
'a 
29+4 
23*, A C yan 
I 5o 1ox1743 28+a 
27*4 
28+4— 
Va i i ! 4 
. I i 4 * " D iV ' 
13 
72 
11+4 l l ' a l l * , 
2 8 ', 
19+4 
A D 'S tTel 
84 l l 
237 26'/4 
2 5 ', 
25*4— 
’ , 
8 ’ a 
4-4 A D u a lV t 
14 
7+a 
7’ , 
7’ , 
14’ 4 
1 2 ', A D ill p f 
84a 
19 14*8 
14 
14 
25-4 
2o'a A E l P w 2 o6 
9 2499 
24’ 4 
2 3*, 
24' a + 
"a 
15-4 
8 ' , 
A F a m ily 
32 7 
459 14' , 
13*4 
13*4— 
H 
* H 
2’ 4 A m F n S ys 
77 
3*4 
3’ , 
3+8+ 
'a 
14 
7+a 
A m F in S y p f {UGO* l l 
1oH 
1o+8 - 
*a 
25 U 
22*8 
AG I Bd 
196*' x l9 7 
24’ , 
23+4 
24 
— 
* 1, 
19 
15 
A G enC v 1 32 
83 18+8 
18 
38’ a— 
' 4' 
21*4 
12'» A m G n tn s 
68 
6 1o39 2o 
19V4 
1 9 H - 
'4 
3o 
21*4 
A G n ln p fl 8o 
172 27*8 
26*4 
26H — 
'a 
22'4 
13*4 A G n ln p f 9o 
IO 7o 
2o 
2o 
+ 
' . 
22U 
13 
A m H o is t 
I 
6 2117 22+8 
7o*a 
22U + 
1*4 
37 +4 
27’ a Am Horn I IO 18 
5274 31 
2 9 ', 
3o+a + 
*4 
’ 2? ' 7 ^ H o m e pf 2 
5 138 
137*4 137'*+ 5*4 
37 '4 
25*4 A m Hosp 4o 15 3259 
26*4 
25*4 
2 6 ',+ 
'a 
6 ' • 
2 ', 
A m In v s t 2o 
9 
2 2 3 
5'4 
4 + e 
5'b 
14*4 
S H AAAedicl 
24 
8 1871 
14*8 
11*8 
117/e— 2 ', io n 
5 ', A AA eden 
IO 
6 2618 
9*4 
BH 
9 
— 
*4 
7*4 
3 U Am AAofrs 
6 1221 
AU 
4+8 
4 U + 
'a 
46 
32*4 
A N a tR 
2 64 
8 
778 
42+8 
4o+8 42 
+ 7a 
17'4 
8+8 A m Sea* 
4o 
7 
96 
1o+8 
1o*8 
1o+»+ 
's 
11*4 
1o*4 A S h ip 
6 
133 11*4 
11' 4 
11' , + 
'a 
3o’ 4 
16*4 Am Stnd 
ISO 7x391 
78+4 
27*4 
27*4— 
*4 
84 ’ 4 
5 4 ', AStd pf 4 75 
17 79+8 
78 
78 
— 
I ' , 
9 U 
6 
Am S tern 
3o 15 
865 
SH 
8*4 
8 ' , — 
H 
33H 
26'4 A m S trs 
1 
9o 6 269 
33+e 
32 
3 2H + 
H 
65’ 4 
5o78 A T T 
4 2o 1115462 
6 5 '. 
63’ 4 
65 
+ 1H 
68U 
55 
A TT p f 
4 
1285 68 H 
66*4 
68 
+ 1+8 
5o*8 
43*4 A TT pf 
3 64 
4o1 49’ , 
48*4 
49’ 4 + 
'4 
S IU 
45 
A T T pf 
3 74 
1613 5 o ', 
5o 
5o*8+ 
+4 
13'» 
8*8 A W atW k 
76 
7 
176 13’ , 
1 2 ', 
U U * 
I 
19 
I S ', A W at p fl 43 . ,397o 
19 
18’ 4 
19 
4 
I 
14H 
12'a AW at p tl 25 ,163o 
14’ , 
14 
1 4 ',— 
*4 
19'4 
147a A m e ro n 
1 
7 
86 IS H 
18’ a 
18+8— 
'e 
17'a 
S ', A m e sD 
18e 5 x 5 2 
I I H l l ' , 
11*4 + 
*a 
3o' 4 
19'4 A m e te k 
14o 
IO 
217 29' 4 
2 8 ', 
28+»- 
'a 
W U 
13 
A m fac Inc 
I 
8 
72o 15*8 
14*4 
14*4— 
*a 
IA H 
9 
AAAIC 
OSP 
7 
377 16 
14+a 
15 
— 
*a 
35H 
25'4 
AAAPInc 
48 18 
1351 26'4 
25'4 
2 5 ', + 
*a 
13*4 
8 ’ , A m p co 
6o 
8 
26 12 
11+4 
11* 4— 
*8 
9+8 
4+4 
A m p exC p 
13 1193 
8*4 
8 
8 1 a— 
*4 
3+8 
114 A m re p C p 
134 
1+8 
I ’ , 1+8+ 
*e 
25 8 
19 
A m s ta r 1 35 
6 
289 74*4 
74'8 
24H ♦ 
9 
7+8 
A m st pf 
68 
IS 
8 ' , 
8 ’ e 8 * , + 
*4 
5 4 ' , 
34 
A m a te d 
2 8x233 47*8 
45 
4 5 H — 1+8 
B+e 
4 ' , 
A m te l 
36 IO 
278 
7+4 
7 
7 * , - 
'e 
37*4 
227a 
A n c b rH 1 
4o 7 314 
28 H 
2 7 ', 
27+8+ 
'4 
247b 
22*4 A nd C la y I 
9 1327 
247e 
23’ , 
2 4 H + 1 H 
BU 
5 
A n p e tica 
16 
9 
192 
6+4 
6 *e 
6 ' , + 
'4 
IO ', 
5+8 
A n ix te r 
2o 
7 
78 
7*4 
6 *4 
7 
— 
'e 
177e 
7 
AnsulC o 
531 
58 
8 's 
7*4 
7 +4— 
+8 
21+t 
IO U A pache 
7o 
7 
531 2o 
19+4 
19W— 
W 
37+8 
2 3 ’ a A pcoO U 
35 
132 36*e 
35 
35 
— 
1 
3 7a 
I *a ApecoC p 
4oo 
2+e 
2 
2 
9 2 ', 
7 4 ', A pP w p ts 12 
/IOO 8 9 ', 
8 9 ', 
8 9 V - 
I 1, 
84 
68 
A p P w p f 7 4o 
,35o 83’ , 
82 
82 
— 
I * , 
U >4 
13*4 A p ld D ig l l 1183 14*4 
U U 
13*4 
3 2 
29+8 
A p ld D iq p fl 
1195 
3 2 
79+e 3o' 4 
. . . 
4 '« 
T i A p p l M g l l 1o1 
3*4 
3 
3** 
17’ 4 
9 H A rc a ta N 
6o 7 
243 16*8 
15*8 IS 11— 
31 
7 2 ', 
A rc a tN p f J 
7 3oH 
3oW 3o7. + 
' , 
311 a 
16' , A rc h Dan 
2o 8 
1946 IR’ b 
1 6 ', 17H + 
*4 
6 
3>4 
A r c tic E o f 
8 112 
4 *4 
4*8 
4 ' , + 
>8 
3 ', l 7e A rista e 
1o37 
3*8 
3 
3 *8+ 
'8 
TO 
IS 
A n /P S v 1 48 
7 1584 18+e 
18U 
18+4— 
'4 
118 
1o3'4 A riP p f 
1o 7o 
754o 117 
116 
117 
+ 
I ' , l4 se 
6 
Ark Best 
44h 
6 
148 12 
H '4 
11H + 
*4 
33’ 4 
15' ? A rk L Gs 
1 8o 9x 319 
31+8 
15’ , 
29*4— 
1 
4+e 
2 
A rle n P ty 
224 
3 
2W 
7H 
6 
4 U A rm a d a 
IO 
6o 
6 
5’ b 
5+y— 
' , 
3 5 ', 
76’ 4 A rm c o 
I 8o 
7 
9oo ?97b 
2 8 ', 
29 
37+8 
27 
A rm pf 2 IO 
7o 3o+8 
79' , 
3o' 4 + 
' , 
5 4 ', 
44'4 A rm r p f4 75 
/IOO 5 4 ', 
54 
54 
+ 1 
12’ 8 
73’ 4 A rm s tC k 
I 
12 
BOO 2 4 ', 
23*4 
24'8 
53 
4 6 U A rm C p f3 75 
26 
15 
A rm S u 
BS 
2o-4 
12’ a A ro C orp lh 
19' 4 
9+« A rv in 
52e 
3 l’ a 
25U A rv in ln pt2 

75o 
53 
53 
53 
+ 1 
4 
163 76 
25 
25*8 4 
I 
7 
35 17*8 17’ 4 
ITW 
+ 
5 
533 18+e IT ' 4 
IT H -- 
* 
I U 
3o' 4 29'b 
29*8— 
» 
2o 
13’ 8 A sarco 
8o 16 
1387 19’ a 
18*4 
19 
37 8 
19 , A s b io n 
1 9o 7 
1352 35 
33-4 
34' a 
I 
7 3 ', 
4o' , A shlO p f 2 4o 
4 68 * 67’ 4 
6 7 '4— 2'4 
4o 
2 7 '. 
Asb O ro ISO l l 
274 31+8 
3o‘ b 
31 
4 
H 
IS H 
8 ' . A th lftn c 
8o 5 
121 1 4 ', 
IJ H 
IJ+e - 
I 
4 ' 4 
I + a A tlc o M tg 
5o 
2'4 
2 
2 '* — 
> a 
24 h 
17'a A tlC y E I 1 62 9 
243 23'a 
227s 
23 
— 
'a 
AO', 
49-4 At I R ich 1 6o 11 
2818 5 7 ', 
56 b 
56W 
*a 
TO?' , 137 
A ll Re p f 
3 
3 194'a 191*4 194*a+ I U 
57 
44' , A t'R c pf3 75 
748o SI 
5o 
51 
75 
54 U A ll R f pf 2 8o 
3o2 71 
69’ , 
7o 
— W 
24'4 
16+a A tla s C p 
12 
118 
21 
2 oU 
2 oU 
+» 
35’ , 
23'a A u to D ta 
24 
IT 
748 24 
7 J H 
7 3 * 4 - 
'4 
8 -4 
4-b A iifm ln d 24 
6 
169 
8 >a 
8 
SU 
16*e 
4 ' , AvcoC P 
3 
8oo 
14*4 
14+s 
U H — 
'a 
17a 
+, AvCdCp WI 
174 
1*8 
I 
I 
4 6 ', 
18+a AvCOCp p f 
4 ) 44*8 
44 
44H t 
H 
79 a 
17’ . A v e ry In t 
36 
17 
125 2?7a 
22*8 
72+8 
IS H 
7 ', A v is Inc 
4o 
6 
448 137a 
1 3 ', 
1 3 ', 
H 
TOU 
IOU A v n e tln c 
6o 
6 1458 U U 
16 
1 6 ', - 
*4 
43 
21 
A vne t pf 
I 
J 33 , 
33' 
J 33' 
4— S’ , 
1o1 
53 
A yne! p f 2 SO 
2 8o 
8o 
8o - 8 
SOU 
37+4 A vonP d 
2 16 2595 *6 e 
43+4 
4 5 *,+ I ' , 
4 
I U B T M tq 
11o 2*8 
2 
2+8+ 
*» 
1614 
18 '4 B aht k W I TO 
7 
53? 
3TU 
3 o ', 
JO' » - 1*4 
U U 
4*4 Bat ne 
4o*- 
5 
315 
I U 
I ' 1 
V t — 
•» l l 
77a B aker In 
36 
IO 
612 1 2 ', 
11+8 
11+» 
' a 
55 
JOU Bake In tl 
42 
13 
574 46-4 
4 5H • 45' v— 
+, 
U H 
B U B a ld D H 
68 
6 
8 7 U H 
13*4 
U H 
25'4 
16‘ t Bal 1 Cp 
8o 
6 
43 1 8 ', 
177a l l 1 a— 
+e 
49 
11 ’ a Bal Iv M f 
o2e 
75 IOU 45'a 
42'a 
43*4 
?4H 
T IU B a lly M f w i 
767 22*4 
21+4 
21**— 
'a 
78 'a 
72'a B altG E 
2 o8 
I 1351 76 
25 W 
26 
61 
5o 
B ait p fB 4 5o 
/H O 58 
58 
58 
- 
U 
27H 
17'a B a n c a 
6o 
79 * 943 7 2 ', 
7o 
72 
+ 1+a 
327a 
12H B anoaq 
2o l l 
371 17 
U U 
16’ , - 
H 
U 'a 
4 ', B an g P n t 
4 
18o 
U H 
13H 
14+8* 
U 
W a 
9 
B anP p f l 25 l l 17*4 
17'a 
17W + 
H 
2 4'a 
1 7', B anP pf 
7 
7 74H 
24 
24+4 
38 
78 a B k o fN Y 2 32 
7 
3o8 36+» 
34*a 
35+t+ 
IU 
U 'a 
H U Bk of Va 
88 
6 
161 U H 
U h 
U H T 
'a 
IO U 
24H Bank A m 
8o 
11 4146 77U 
75 , 
26H + 
H 
4? 
78 ’ a Bank T r 
3 
8 
581 397a 
3 IH 
3 9 H + 
'a 
79' , 
TS+t 
BnkT p f 2 SO .. 
87 78H 
28H 
28+a 
3 7*4 
2SU B a rb O il 1 6o 
411 35 
33*4 
3 3 H - 
'a 
18 
11 + a B ard CR 
74 l l 
472 14 
I2 7a 
U U - 
+a 
19*4 
16 a B arnsG p 
8o 
7 
137 18 
U U 
IS 
♦ 1+a 
U U 
7 H B asic I ne 
8o 
5 
35 IS H 
IS 
15*4— 
H 
37'a 
76 , B asic p f? 5o jJOO U 
IS 
IS H — I 
14 , 
77*a B ate sM I 
8o 
37 
473 34H 
J I H 
34 
— 
'a 
W U 
25 
B a irn h L 
I l l 1564 39U 
16+4 
31+,+ 
H e 
4 6 •. 
32'a 
B a x tT rv 
74 18 2o76 34U 
3 2H 
33U 
'a 
7JU 
17 + a Bay SIG I 88 
8 
48 2U a 
21 
2 1 H - 
H 
5 'a 
4 'a B a y k C ig 
74 244x 24 
SU 
4+a 
4+a 
I? 
17 
B -a r.n g 
5o l l 
47o 7 9 ', 
28W 
2*+a 
*4 
TSU 
T IU S ia 'F d s 
84 
17 354o 2SU 
24U 
24>» 
7a 
78U 
72'4 B eckm n 
32 
16 
5o1 TSU 
2 4U 
24H - 
U 
J ? '. 
79< B e t’ D ick 
6o 
U 
545 33U 
H U 
31U 
I 
74'a 
14 
Beat 7>A 
I 
8 
377 24U 
7 3 ', 
23+a 
U 
H U 
7 '4 Baker 
28 
1o9 l h 
I t i - 
*a 
79*4 
I3 'a B e lto P 
7oa I 
461 28'a 
26 a 
77H a 
+4 
77 . 
IS U Bai nan 
I 32 
8 
46 27*4 
22 
22 
*4 
H U 
7 
B eldnM e 
U h 
6 
46 
8 
7+« 
7+a 
25U 
IS 
Bel 1 H ow 
84 
399 TOH 
W U 
1 9+ ,* 
U 
S IU 
4 4 '. B e lte d # 1 72 
7 
729 47H 
46W 
47+a ♦ 
H 
7?H 
U H B atm s 
1 2o 
7 x 36 71’ I 
21 
21*a 
H 
47 
.17'a B en d !x 
J 
IO 
JU 47 
4 5H 
46H k 
*4 
95 
66 
B a n d it p f 
J 
I 95 
95 
95 
♦ 
1+4 
? 7 u 
17U B en fiC p 1 6o 
5 IU o 25 
24 U 
25 
* 
H 
61 
46’ . Banat p f 4 IO 
32 56U 
$4+4 
SS 
I U 
54 
45 
Benet pf 4 SO z7o SIV, 
51+9 
S IH 
H 
121 *4 
85U Banat p f 5 SO 
/3o 
HO 
HO 
HO 
+ I U 
IO 
TSU Benet p f2 
SO 
17 « 
29H 
28H 
29 
+ 
U 
J U 
IU B ntS tM 
53 
Ha 
I U 
I ' , * 
H 
2*4 
1+a Beng* B o7a 
H) 
6 U 
J U 
U t 
7+8 r 
<• 
J U 
I v B e rk e y P 
323 
SH 
S U 
SU ♦ 
*4 
24U 
13*8 Best Po g n u 
71H 
2o+4 
T O * - 
H 
48 
33 
B afbStl 
2 IO 2o59 
3 7H 
IS H 
3 6 H + 
H 
357 a 
277 a B ig Three 
4o 
U 
598 lO+a 
29* , 
29+8 - 
*4 
7ft 4 
15*4 B lack Dr 
48 
16 7166 18 
U H 
U U - 
U 
U 7a 
5 
B la ir Jn 
64 
7 
TTI 
U U 
U U 
U H ♦ 
H 
TOU 
U U B lits L a u IO * 
7 
159 19 
I I H 
19 
+ 
*« 
24* J 
14 + a B lo ckH R 
I l l 
U t TO 
U H 
I I H 
V t 
31 + 8 
TOU Blue B ell 
I 
6 
631 JO1, 
7 *U 
3 o H > 
I U 
A7# 
J U B lu e b ird 
OSa 
8 
198 
6 
SU 
SH + 
U 
A U 
2'« Bootee Br 
2SJ 
I U I U 
J U 
4AU 
24*« Boam g 
1 4o 1o. 2931 
47+» J 9 u 
41H A 2 
33+4 
B u Boi+aCas 
8o 
9 19o4 3o+a 
2 IH 
3 o U + 
V a 
74*4 
17'a Bk M o th I TO 
IO 
41 23H 
22+a 
73 W 
35 , 
26 
B orden 
1 4o 
9 IO U >7H 
J IH 
J I H 
’ a 
33+8 
197a Bor War I AO 
8 
VIA 33H 
J I H 
33*4 + 
1H 
5 
J ‘ a B o rm a n s 
5 
111 
A U 
J U 
3 H — 
H 
2 7*, 
22 a Bos h o 
7 44 
IO 
233 26+, 
TSH 
TAU— 
W 
98 
IV , Bose p f 8 88 
HOO 98 
96+a 
9» 
+ 7 
13 
¥>*• Bo»F Pf I 
17 
167 
12U U H 
U U - 
W 
1A l l 7* BosF p r I aa 
19S 
IS H IS 
IS H 
>a 
U U 
8*4 B ra n iff 
24 
I 2392 
IO 
9 H 
9*»— 
+4 
41*4 
IA U Br a u n t F 
AO 
I 
5o8 39U 
JAH 
37*4 
U 
J l*a 
TAU B rig S ir 
97 U x 4 9 l 
3o*« 
29 
2 9 H t 
+» 
63*4 
AO a B rik tM y 7 2o U ISS2 AAU 
A IU 
AAH ♦ 
H 
SOU 
W H B ris tM pf 
7 
JA A lw 
42 
43H + 
TH 
U *a 
9 ', Br it P at 
He 2o 3o41 1S+4 
IS ’ a 
IS * ,— 
IA U 
25'4 B ik w & l 
I 4o 
A 
14o 3o 
29 
3o 
+ 
H 
27' a 
U U B U y U O 1 72 
9 
UA TI 
W U 
TO 
- 
I 
77U 
25*4 B kU G p f2 47 
24 77H 
77 
27 a+ 
H 
, 
9*a 
SH 
B w n S h rp 
2o 2o 
TS 
9 H 1 +a 
»W 
H 
U U 
9 
(ro w n C 
72a 
S 
IS 
9 U 9 a f u r 
H 
26 l l *a Iw n G p 
I 4o 
I 
94 I ) 
TTH 
TTH 
+a 
9 *4 
5+4 Br am F a r 
4o l l M I 
I H I 
I U A 
U 
I t . t i 
B ru nsw k 
AP 
7 1o77 U ’ a 
U 
U H 
H 
J IH l l 
B rush W 
I 
7 
ISS 26+A 
TS 
B U — I 
J o n l l 
B u t y f r 
64 u I U ! 26 
24H 
JA*, - 
' , 
72 a f 'a B oddCo ITO 
S 475 
W H W H 
W U 
62 
49 
Budd Co p ts illO 59 1 
SBH 
« ’ » - 
I U 
6 * 1 
S 
B u d e # p f AD 
I AU 
AU 
A U — u 
U H 
4*a B udU tno 
U r 
I 
71 IO 
9*8 
9 U 
U 
>» p m i ^ 
*• 
78 
JOU B u ffle I 4o.1 
7 
6 6 
77 H TSH 
16 
I I H 
A 
B u lp v a 
16o 
7+a 7 , 
7 , - u 
U U 
1o*8 B ondxC p OO 
7 
At 
U U I? 
U H * 
M» 
M U 
W+8 B u n k H ir I M a »/ 
J IH T IU 
T I U * 
+s l l 
4+a B on k B a l l 
713 
1o*8 9 U 
IO U * 
U 
21**4 
I I H Bunk Sr p f l JO 
IS I 
JO* a JO 
JO 
AA 
2JU Bur lin t, I d 
J 
I Sat 
TAH A l 
44’ a t i 

High 
48+, 
7H 
TO*, 
1o8' , 
3o*4 
61 
5' , 
2*8 
5*4 
4o*4 
I '4 
7' 8 
6 
2o 
9*4 
16 
13*8 
49 * 8 
26’ , 
4’ , 
47 
5' 8 
5+4 
8+b 
TOU 
17' , 
3*4 
77+, 
3 9 'b 
34 H 
19' , 
U U 
57 
24' a 
3 
36+e 
AU 
18+4 
71+, 
7 
24' , 
3oH 
3 7 ', 
2o'a 
16 + 8 
25 U 
42+a 
8 H l l 
17*8 
67' a 
W H 
58 
53*4 
14 
IS H 
21 
19*8 
55’ a 
37*4 
29 'a 
16’ o 
29' 8 
16+s 
18 
25*8 
36' 8 
2 2'o 
3o7 A 
78+, 
IOO 
28 U 
U H 
5*8 
3o+o 
9 
33+b 
4 l l 
52 
45+8 
32U 
3o 
42 
9 ’ 4 
U H 
35 ‘ a 
AH 
9*8 
H U 
71 
1 7 ', 
72 
22*e 
357 8 
747 8 
73’ , 
51 
1o7' , 
91+8 
1o9 
387 o 
3 7 'e 
6o’ , 
5 
ISM 

Yearly 
Low 
31 +8 
B u rl No I 4o 
A’ , 
B u rl No pf 55 
99 
7 *. 
19*8 
B u m d y 
66 12 
55 
2o*8 
68+4 
B u rrg h s 
8o 15 219 1 
73H 
IA H B u tte s GO 
7 
473 
2V a 
AA*. CBS 
2 1ox1983 57+, 

Net 
Sales 
(hds.) High lo w 
Lost Chg 
899 
43*8 
42 
4 3 '8 4 
* 

AA 
5*4 
5 '. 
3A5 
39+4 
38+4 
2o13 U U 1A 

1*8 C CI 
Corp 
142 
SU 
C IM tg Go 
2 H C IR It 
Inv 
28+b C IT F in 
2 4o 
7 1A C L A sst 
4' , CLAS pf 12k 
3+8 CLC A m 
24 
8 
C M I In v 
5*8 C N A 
F in ! l l 
C N A p f A1 IO l l 
C N A I 
1o8» 
AO’ , C P C In t 
2.3o 
14+8 CTSCp 
AO 
V , C abC abF 
18 U C a b o tC I 4o 7x 139 

7 +, 
19*4 
7o 
19H 
55*8 
4+8 

H 
7 H 
2o 
— 
+e 
7o+8 4 
*8 
19* 4— I H 
5A 
4 I U 
5 
14115 IA U IA U 16— 3 1 6 

2+a Cadence 
2 +b C a e s a rs 
3 
C a lF in l 
9 
15*4 C a lP U t 
1 6 4 
8 
IO *. C a lla hn 
3or 
19 
V a C a m e rn B r 
16' , C m p R L 
AOa 18 
29+4 Cam Sp 
I 48 
12 
27' a C a n ip T g 
1.12 IO 
13 
C dnP ac 
8 Ae 
7 1477 
7 ', C a n a 'R 
Aa l l 
3o 
42'a C a p C itis 
2o 11 
77o 
17'8 C a pH old 
AO l l 1o28 
7 a C a p itM tg 
4o 
2 9 'b C a rb o r 
I 12 
9 
229 
2 ', C a rlin g O 
16 
58 
IO *. C a rlis le 
88 
9 x 28 
S31 , C aroC B O h 5 
,2o 
5' e C a ro F rg 
2o 13 
SA 
17+b C a ro P w I 72 
8 1369 
26*4 C a rp p f J 67 
64 
71U Car Tee 
2 
7x1o4 
H U C a rr Cp 
AA 12 1335 
12' , C a rrG n 
88e x i i 
17'b C a rtH a w 
9o 
9 
419 
31+, C a rtH w pf2 
32 
A 
C a rt W a ll 
4o l l 
3o3 
8 
C ascN G 
5or 
IO 
63 
15 
C a stlC k 
8ob 
8 243 
48*. C a trp T r 
I 5o l l 5o3o 
14 
CecoCp 
I 15 l l 
Bl 
A l Celanse 2 8o l l 
615 
46 
Cel an p f4 5o 
12 
7 H Centex 
12 
9 
826 
13+4 Cen SOW I 26 
9 4133 
17’ , Cen H ud I 7? 
15+8 C e n lllL f 
I 6o 
45 
Cn I L f p f 4 5o 
2 7 ', Cn I L I pf 2 87 
2 5 ', C n lLf pf2 62 
127s C e nllP S I 28 .. 
18 
Cen La E I 4o IO 1o35 
14 
C rM P w I 4o 
9 
226 
13* 8 Cen Soya 
7o 
W U Cen Tel 
I 36 
W a C e n trD a t 
I 
15 
C ert teed 
7o 
2V a C essA ir I 2o 
18 
C h a m p ln t 
I 
55 
Chm I p ts SO 
18 7 a Chm I p fl TO l l 
Cham Sp 
68 
_____ 
2'e C h a rtrc o 
o8 4o 
952 
21+8 C h a rtN Y 2 12 
6 342 
7 
C hasF d 
6oe 
26'a C haseM 2 2o 
9 
2 
ChaseT 
S H Chelsea 
4o 35 
25’ a C h e m in I 5o 
6 
3o+b Chm N Y 2 88 
7 
2SU ChesVa 1.36 
7 

7 
97 
1ox181 
Z7o 
378 
Z115o 
IO 
4o9 

333 
1o 
741 
11 
462 
8 
533 
7 
866 
8 1385 z53o IOO 
1o1 
24 Va 
1ox23o7 U H 
" 
AV, 

■ 7 ■ 
5’ 8 
167 8 
8 
14+8 
13 
48U 
2oH 
3 
4 4 *. 
4*8 
4 +4 
S H 
2o' o 
IS H 
1*8 
77' a 
38'a 
31H 
16'b 
8 ' , 
51’ , 
22+, 
1*8 
36*8 
2 H 
17H 
66' , 
6H 
22H 
29 H 
3 7 ', 
U H 
14'/a 
19H 
36 Va 
7 H 
9+8 
15 H 
52 
16' , 
51+4 
53+, 
U U 
U U 
TO 
18+, 
5 4 ', 
32’ , 
29+, 
15 
27U 
16 
14*4 
24‘ , 
TAH 
22 
28 H 
74 

5 H + 
. 
38 * . ......... 
* 4— I 16 
A H — 
U 
5 
+ 
*e 
16+4— 
U 
7 H — 
’ a 
1 4 U + 
H 
12U — 
1 a 
47' , + I U 
2o 
+ 
*8 
2H + 
H 
44’ 8 + 
1+4 
4 + , + 
U 
4+8 
BU 
19+8- - 
15 
+ 
I U U 
+8 
26-8+ 
+8 
37+8+ 
U 
31H + 
+a 
16*8 + 
> 4 
8 *8 + 
+8 
ASH—- IU 

27 
ChesePn 
84 14 239o 
34'o Chessie 2 32 
AU C h iM lw 
8 ' o C h iM lw pf 
24U C hiP neT 
2 
17 
2 
C h k F u ll 
4 ', C h ris C ft 
8 
8 
C h rC tt pf I 
I I H C h rC ft p f 
9+a C h ro m a ! 
84 
I 
53 
C h ro m a pf 5 
IO U C h ry s le r 
45e A 2565 
3o U C h u rc h 
6ob 
9 
244 
19’ a C in B e ll 
TAO 
9 
57 
17 
C in n G E I AA 12 1122 
4 3 ', CinG p f 
4 z29o 
97 
C inG pf9 3o z2o 
76' 4 CinG p f 7 44 z3o 
9oH 
9V u C inG p f9 52 
,9oo 1o8 
18* . C in M ila I 4o 19 
95 
38*8 
27*4 C itic o rp 
96 
38'a C itiesS v 
3 
I U C it/S R 
7 
C ify ln v s t 
AA 
15 16 5 16 C ity In v w t 
IA U C it v in p f 
2 
IO 
C ityh p f I IO 
25’ 8 C la rk e I 6oa 
9 
C la rk O il 
5£ 
47 
C lv C lif 1.8oa 
26' , C le vE I 
2 64 
77U C lv E I p f7 4o 
78 
C lv E I p f 7 56 
I U ' , C lv E I pf 12 
1o+8 C levepk 
6o 
1o*8 C lo ro x 
7*« D u e t Pea 

45o4 
7 2221 
1o2 
8 16o7 

6+8 
AH 
16 
7 H 
U U 
12+, 
46 + 8 
W H 
2*8 
43 
AV, 
AU 
S U 
W H 
U U 
1*o 
75*8 
37'4 
3o+o 
16+4 
8+4 
48+8 
21 
I U 
34 
2 H 
17 
66 
6+4 
72 
29U 
36 
I SU 
U U 
18'/, 
3 5 ', 
TV, 
8H 
15+4 
49 
IS '/, 
47+a 
52 U 
I I Va 
TSU 
19' , 
18 
5 3 ', 
31 
28’ , 
U H 
26 
IS H 
IA U 
23 *o 
24’ , 
2o 
27U 
23*8 
98 
23H 
U H 
3 H 
29 U 
S H 
31+4 
2 H 
6 
29+/B 
43 + 8 
28+a 
22+b 
35 
7*4 
U U 
27+', 
3 H 
6*8 
11 
17 
15H 
7o+4 
2o 
37+8 
23+8 
22'a 
. . . 
49+, 
. z2o 1o7’ , 1o7+', 1o7U + i i 
“ 
■ 
9o 
9o 
1o7+4 1o7'4 
37 
37+8 
3o’ a 
3o*8 
57", 
I U 
13' 

IU 

1o1 
1594 
323 
84 
185 
352 
18 

1976 
421 
14 
319 
77 
52o 
3 
19 
742 
5 

3o*8 
SU 
31+8 
2H 
AU 
3 1H 
44 
29 
24’ a 
38+4 
8 V4 
U U 
29 H 
3 H 
7+8 n u 
18+4 
16’ , 
72 
2o+8 
32U 
74H 
22U 
51 

22 
Va 
.. 
36+4+- 2 
2*8 + 
17U + 
AA1 , + 
6 H + 
27*8— 
29 U . .. 
3 7+ ,+ 2 
16+,+ 
U U + 
18’ ,— 
3AU + 
7 U — 
SH— 
15U + 
5oH + 
U H + 
5o 
+ 
53’/.+- 
11U 
1 5 U - 
W U — 
IS H + 
53+,— 
3 1U — 
28+,— 
U H — 
27+8+- 
15U. 
14+8 + 
24*8 F 
25*. + 
21*4 + 
28*.+- 
2 3 H - 
1oo 
V 
23'U— 
1 3 * o - 
4 H + 
3o+o4 
8 '/,— 
31’ > - 
2U 
A *.— 
29H+- 

2'b 

V , 

28*4— 
*4 
2 3 H + I 
3 8 '.+ 2 U 
8 'a + 
+8 
U U + I 
2 9 '.+ 
1+a 
3 * o - 
+4 
6 7o + 
+8 
11+4+ 
+4 
17' a— I 
16+,+ 
U 
72 
TOU + 
1 , 
37+8— 
+4 
2 4 H + 
+, 
22U + 
’ a 
49 

3V 
59+8 
I U 
U U 

28 
17 
46’ , 
19 
73 + 8 
3478 
9o'a 
92 
'79 
13'a 
14+8 i r a 
13+8 ie 
26U 
? ? ', 
9*8 
95'a 
17 +» 
14 
7U 
S IU 
S I' , 
IS H 
9+o 
34 U 
25 
56'8 
T9*. 
79'a 
31 
64 
6? 
I I H 
28+8 
115 
28' a 
72 
5o' , 
26' , 
37 U 
IOU 
IOU 
22 U 
73’ , 
247 a 
78 
13+4 
1o2 
W U l l u 
22'a 
35' , 
38' a 
8+8 
U U 
25'a 
W H 
2o' a 
JAH 
23'a 
74 -’ a 
57 
5AU 
27' a 
7V , 
28 
38 ’ a 

1o5 
313 
— 
8x493 
SO 14 1138 
IO 
128 
9 
847 
749o 
Z1o2o t m r n 
„ 
6 
1o3 
12 
52 IO 1o52 
4o 
6 
758 

65 7 16 5 16 
TSU 
U H 
39'a 
19 
6 4H 
33+, 
9o+4 
9o + 

25’ a 
11+4 
37+o 
17H 
62' , 
32U 
89 
8 9 ', 

U U 
--------------------- _ 
— IOU 
IOU C lu e tfP p fl 
19 
U U 
7*4 C st St GS 
6 338o 
15U 
17H CstSG p f l 83 x54 
24H 
U U CstSG p fl 19 
,x43 
W U 
A U Coca B tl 
AOa 13 7398 
BU 
73 U Coe a Col 2 65 17 2438 
77+« 
8+8 C o ld w B k 
5o 
8 
74 
IS H 
8 U C o lo N a t 6o 6 x 47 
U U 
T U 
Coleco l l 
1342 
7 U 
23 U 
C olqP al 
SR 
13 326o 25' , 
AAU ColgP p f3 5o 
/12o 
48' , 
9 U C o llin A ik 
64 
6 
254 
U H 
A ** Col I in F 
o5e 
6 
1o1 
SH 
18 
Col Penn 
7o IO 1o87 
29'o 
W U C o lo n is t I AS 
8 
3o 1 
73 
28' , C o ltln d 
2 SO 
6 1o18 
SJH 
IS H C oll p f I AO 
21 
78 
47' , Colt pf 4 75 
IT 
73’ , 
22+a Col Gas 
7 24 
8 
917 
29H 
56' a ColGs p f 5 62 
13 
Al 
SAH Col Gs p ts 48 
761 
6o+4 
4’ , 
C oluP 'C t 
4 
2342 1o+8 
7 1 ', C o lSOh 
2 2o 
7 
367 
27H 
1o1 
CoSO pf IO 52 z34o US 
77' , Co SO p f 2 42 
182 
78H 
U H Com bC 
o5e 
8 
266 
22 
32 U C o m b E n g 
2 IO 
BAO 
49+e 
U 
C o m b E q 1or 12 282 
24+o 
TAU C om w E 2 AO 
9 UTO 
3oU 
S H C o m E dA w t 
SI 
9*4 
S H C o m E d B w t 
98 
9 H 
1 7 ', C om E p fl 47 
34 TOU 
2o' 4 C om E pf I 9o 
52 23'a 
T IU C om E p f 
2 
26 TAU 
25 H C om E p f 2 37 
33 27U 
79U C om E pf7 87 
IS 32' - 
89 
C om E p ts 4o 
77 
C om E pf 7 24 
5' a C om w O 
13' , C o m o p fl 77 
23’ a C om sat 
I 
IS H C o m p gr 
TO 

127*, 127' , + n u 
12 

 s r ,-+ 
1H 
14+4 + 
H 
7 16 + I 16 
2SU+- 
*o 
I I H 
387a + 
+8 
1 8 U + 
U 
6 3 'e + 
'/, 
33 
8 9 ',+ 
9 o U + I 
I 

* 8 

H 

1o1 
AUS 
IRA 
1438 
4oo 
524 
126 

C o m pgr 
C o m b le . 
8 ' , Con A g r 
75 
, 
W U C o n e M 'll 
I 2o 4 x 8S 
12 
Congo! m 
5o 
13o8 
1 3 ', C onnM 
I 6o 
U 325 
W 'i 
Conr ar ROI, 
7 xVl 
IS 
C onF d 
2 
5 7273 
S5’ 1 C o nv pf 
A 
IS 
W ' , ConE pf 4 65 
ZUO 
44 
ConE pf 
5 
U 
19 o Con F ds I AO 
8 1133 
SA' , COOF p f 4 5o 
U 
1 8 , Con F ra t 
8o 
7 483 
— - 
24’ , Con NGS 2 5o 
IO 952 
119'a tOfi' 4 CnG p f IO VA 
23' i 
W 
C onsuP w 
2 
4o 
C nP w pf 4 5o yASO 51 
AAU C nPw p f « 52 y22o 53 
6 3 ', 
C nP w p f, 45 y693o 8 7 
AAU 
C nPw p f, 77 y I ISO 84+. 
AA 
C nP w pf 7 76 
» IVA 86+4 
67' , C nP w pf 7 68 
*175 IA U 
25 
C n P w pf? 43 xU S 26U 
6 oU C nP w p f5 5o xJ9 A9U 
75' , C nP w p f 
A 
21 86 , 
5 'a Conf A ir 
IO AJA 
AU 
A U Conf Cop 
5o 
51 
SH 

16 IOO 
88+, 
6+o 
15*4 
34*o 
37 
7 + 8 
14 
73H 
15U 
IS H 
25U 
72 
73+4 
52 
55H 
75 H 
71 
23 
37+e 

11+8 
9 H 
U U 
U U 
24*4 
19 
7*8 
TSU 
IS H 
U H 
7*4 
74*8 
ABU 
11*8 
8+o 
27' a 
27U 
51H 
77 U 
71 + , 
28H 
AO1 , 
59+4 
IO 
27 
113+a 
27H 
T IU 
48+4 
23U 
29H 
9*4 
9 U 
2o' , 
22*» 
23 U 
77H 
32U 
99 U 
87+a 
SU u u 
32H 
35*» 
7 H 
U U 
22U 
U U 
167 • 
T IU 
T V , 
72’ , 
SI 
SAH 
74 
69*. 
22+8 
3SH 

IU 

U U + 
V U + 
13 
+ 
IS H 
24+,. 
W H - 
8 H + 
77*. + 
15H+- 
VA 
U H - 
+8 
7 U + 
' , 
25 
+ 
U 
48+,— 
' , 
12 
— 
+. 
8 +e— 
H 
78H+- I U 
22 H — 
* , 
ST H F 
U 
28 
+ 
* t 
7 2 H + IU 
29+4+ 
+, 
6o+, 
.. to 
+ I 
1o+8— 
+8 
27 
113+ 3 - I 
7 7H — 
H 
2 1 '-,+ 
>4 
ABH— 
U 
23 H 
' a 
3o 
4 
+4 
M 
9*4 
' o 
TO*'. + 
*4 
TTH 
U 
23 U - 
U 
27 U + 
U 
37'a 
99 H — 
+4 
8 8 *4 - 
U 
S H 
V t 
14 
— IU 
34*8+ I U 
3 S U + 
'4 
7 H + 
' a 
13 U T 
+4 
23+. 
15 
+ u 
1 IH + 
25+4 + 
21 H F 
71 
F 
SI 
A 
S 5H F I 
24 * •— 
7o+4 
23 
+ 1 
36+8 

I 

57 
53 
87 
NAU 
NAU 
BAU 
TAU 
74' , 
9 3 '. 
AU 
8 ' a 
57' , 
67*. 
36 U 
AO*. 
W U 
3 
4oU 
I7 H 
77' t 
57U 
367 k 
A 
47*. 
IAT1 , 
U U 
W U 
I I H 
7o >» 
75*. 
S3 
3*4 
8o 
4 
U H 
377 a 
1 6 '. 
39 U 
AU 
79 
ATU 
ISH 
JJ U 
M 
77U 
49 
63 
IT H 
73'4 
U U 
5o 
US 
9 H 
12+4 
18+t 
T IU 
47U 
T IU 
S IU 

U H 
U U 
29 U 
Al 
A IU 
AO*. 
W *8 
68 
J8 ‘ « 
TOU 
NA , 
88 
‘ J1 
34 » 
?9'« 
U ‘x 

IOO 119+8 U S U 1 1 9 H I 
6 36o4 
21H 
TOU 
T IU 

J IH C ontiC p 
2 8o 
13x1oo5 49+8 
4 5 '. CIIC pf A2 SO x2 53 
2 6 '. C n tlG rp 
2 
9x151o 35U 
JSU C o rn ic e 
2 4o I 
649 58 
9 + 8 C o n li IP 
I 28 I 
568 W U 
I U Cont ll Rf 
755 
I U 
33 
Cont OH 
I TO 8 4754 35*8 
U U Cont Tel 
I OB l l 3644 16»» 
IT H C o n tr 1 D ta 
8 227S 
2 3H 
4 o*. C nD t p f4 5o i96o S2U 
26U C onw fl 
2 2o 8 
17 JAH 
TU Cook Un lo t 5 
87 
AU 
29 
Cooper In I OB l l 
193 A IU 
8 2U Copt p f B2 5o 
A7N C oopLab 
2o IT 
477 U U 
9 U C o o p t R 
7o 3 
US I S+8 
U 
C o p t p f 
I 25 
IO W U 
1o*4 C o p e fn d A l 8x1o3 l l 

49 ■ 
57 
7 | 'i 
SI 
17 
• IU 
25+, 
68 
85+a 
A' , 
S H 
48'a 
53 
JSU 
57+8 
IS H 
I U 
JJ U 
IS H 
2 2 ' ■ 
S IU 
JSU 
4 
4o 

49 
I 
ST 
+ 
79 
— l l 
— 
83 
4 
H U F 
TA 
F 
A IU — 
BAU — 
A H - 
S H - 
49U + 
53 
— 
3 5 U - 
574* F 
I A7 8 + 
I * * — 
34+o— 
I * 
- 
2 2* 8- 
S 2U F 
35 U - 

4 1 ', F Va 
I 1 4 7 ', 147' , 147'o F 4 ', 

4o1 
24 
SOU 
J U 
AAH 
IU 
U U 
31U 
17+8 
TBH 
SU 
28‘ a 
45+, 
U U 
3o 
8o 
■ 
M i l 
. 
I I H 
,rw ? e t 
1 IO l l j /8 
4o+a 
C rnZ pf A JO 
;19o 
AIV 

 l l 
3o5 
557 
127 
77 
66 
173 
539 
U o 
AOS 
25 
' *23 
UT 
17 
9o8 

17' 1 C o p p R g 
36*4 Coppw 
2 4ob 
V , Cor d u ra toe 
43H C o rn o t 57a l l 
V a Cousins 
A e Cow les 
SA 
16 
27 . C o xB dct 
55 
9 
• 'a C ra ig 
JO 
3 
2 3 '. C ran e 
I 2ob 
6 
J '. C re d itF 
24 
7 
T IU C ro ckN I 66 
7 
35' , C ro ckN pt3 
IO ', C rom ptc 
9o 
187e C ro u H i 
I l l 
S I*. C ro ft) p f3 IS 
IA U C rw n C k 
7 
» 

77 U Cr urn fo 
I 'SA 13 
ASI i f 
U H C u 'b ro 
I 32 7 
4o 22 
7*8 C o hioa n aa l l 
IS I U H 
W H C u m tn g 
1 4o 6 
353 49+4 
79 
C om E pf? 5o y 119o134 
A’ . 
C u nn D rg 
75 
9 
28 8 *. l l 
C o rr Inc I N 
ITI 
IO 
C u rtis Air 6o IO 
22' a C u rt A IA 
2 
M U C u lle rM 1 SO 
9 is * * C yclop 1 M a 
S 
2V 1 C yp ru s 
1 4o 23 

D — E — K 
4*8 o p t in c l l 
134 
ZU 
A H D am on 
X 49 
4*4 7+4 
7 
D a n R iv 
48 
5 
W$ 9 
W U D a n a C p 92 9*S?S 
J I H 
77’ , D a rtin g lh 
8*499 
J2U 
D a rt pf 
2 
ISS 35' 
37*8 O at# G en 
31 

367 
A 
228 
UA 
159 

U U 
IA U 
TAU 
42+o 
TAU 
24*8 

IO U D ayco 
SQbl 
SO 
Dave p f 4 25 
26'a O a ytH d 
1 » 
17 
D a y tP l 
I 66 
69 
D P L p f I 41 
IV 1 D P L pf 7 ?o 
■ c p l pf u se 
• ■ r a r e 
1 IO 
7 
H M on 
I SO 
I 
Je tm a P I JO 
9 
'W ta A r 
TO 
« 
M i tee 
H 
D e lton a 
I D e n n tM f I 24 tS U DennAAt p f I 
18 8 D ennys 
44 IO 
27 'i D e n ts p ly to IT 
S ptoin 
6o IO 
M E d.s I 45 
9 ftp pf 3 SO 
H E p l v 32 
V E p f 7 «« 
- H i Pf ; AS 
D * ' i p f t JA 

168 I 
S 
179 
(M 
9x45o f 
491 
12AAo 
■ /IOO 

45 
W U 
68 
36'a 
W U 
*6 +, 
88 
ZITO 129' 1 s29 H 
IA U 
34 8 

SU 
26 H 

 l l 
IS H 
17U 
17H 
23 
49U 
J U 
61+4 
IV , 
13+4 
JOH 
U H 
27’s 
1+1 
27H 
45 
U+4 
29+a 
79 
19*8 
39H 
61+4 
T I' a 
T IU 
U H 
A IU 
129 
I U 
U H 
15H 
29 
W H 
TSH 
23 U 

7 ', 
AU 
I U 
JAH flu 
33', 
41 >8 
IAH 
A7H 
IS H l l * . 
IS 
NI 
’ i f29 , 
M a 
U U 
J J U 
A H 
4*8 
26 
TS 
TI 
M U 
U U 
IS H 

U U 
IS H F 
U H ­ 
U H — 
2 3 + 4 - 
4 9U — 
J+, 
AT U t 
V »— 
U 'a 
JO H 
W U 
77 H 
SH 
27U + 
45U + 
U U 
29 7o 
79 
— 
19+8 - 
4 o U F 
A IU 
J I H t i? 
4 
U U — 
49*8 
IJJ 
F 
I H F 
U H f 
16+4 + 
26' 1 
4 IU + jS ', F 
J3'» 

T-t— 
A U - - 
9+o— 
77 H f 
J I *o F 
1 4 U F 
44' , f 
W U F 
A l 
F 
M U X 
W+4 
9A U F 
M 
F 
129+a t 

I 
: 
M U * 
I 
S U F 

 s r . 

 f t - . ’ 

27a 

Va 

Yeorly 
High 
Low 
U U 
6+o D lc k A B 
. „ .. 
U U 
SU D lC taphn 
64 13 
282 
15 
1 o ', D ie b old 
.5o IO 
9o 
57+a 
43’ a D ig ita 'E q 
2o 4o75 
U U 
7 H D ih in g m 
52 
6 2425 
79 
22+4 D llln g m pf 2 
39 
37’ , 
28 + o D illo n 
I o8b 13 
47 
63 
37' .• D isney 
16 16 35o3 
2H 
I 
D iv rs fd ln 
4o5 

S ole* 
I bde ) H ig h lo w 
TO 14 
1o4 
7H 
7*4 

3 1»13 16 D iv r s M tg 
17 
5o 
6H 
24 +8 
19+, 
U H 
AV , 
S6U 
34'8 
76 
47 
IS H 
9+, 
161'. 
52 
66' a 
2 3 'b 
93 
1o3', 
99 
95 
S IU 
33*. 
TOU 
26' 4 
25' 4 
26 
26+4 
26' , 
27+4 
31 
89' , 
12 
TOH 
IA U 
SH 
52U 
Al 78 
72+o 
11+4 
28+o 
19 7 8 
WO*. 
44 <4 
78U 
3o 
6o7b 
TOU 
IT 
5' o 
19*8 
4' , 
IO' , 
25'a 
8 *e 
31*4 
AV , 
5o’ , 
15 
38'b 
5o' , 
16’ , 
6*4 
6 U 
11+8 
76 
3 TH 

419 
736 
354 
127 
667 
78 
123 

 l l 
D rP e p p r 
44 16 
32’ , D om eM 
8oa 17 
2'a O onLuJ 
We 
7 
W U D o nn e lly 
68 l l 
13’ a D o rO liv 
18o 
5 
6 *o Dorsey 
4o 
5 
33*8 D overC p 
9o 
12x396 
36 8 Dow Ch 
I l l e59o 
26 * . Dow Jon I 16 16 
576 
19U D ra v e 
I OS 
8 
12o 
35'a D resser 
RO 
IO 31o7 
16 
D rex Bd I 44 
24 
6 ' a D re y fu s 
55e 
6 
39 

U H 
12+, 
47' , 
12+4 
29 
33H 
39 U 
2 
I U 
U U 
5o 
3 U 
24H 
18 n u 
41+J 
38H 
3 o ', 
2 3 ', 
A IU 
17+o 

11*o 
U U 
44’ 4 
IIH 
27U 
3 3H 
37+, 
IV , 
1+o 
13 
45+o 
3*4 
23H 
W H 
U U 
38 
36' , 
3o 
23'o 
39+b 
17 + , 
7 U 
117' a do Pont 5 25e 14 15o4 U 3 U 128H 
1o9 
5o*. 
49’ . 
47o 
64'4 
63+8 
9 253o 
2oU 
2o*. o ag 
Qii 
Z454o 1 o3 ', 1o1 
Z736o 
97+, 
95 
U o 
9 1U 
91 
66 
3o 
15x1556 28’ . 

AAH d u P n t p f3 SO 
59 d u P n t p f 4 SO 
IA H D ukeP 
I AO 
76 
D uke p f 6 75 
88 
D uke pf 8 7o 
79' , D uke pf 8 2o 
75’ , 
Duke pf 7 8o 
26H D uke p f 2 69 
2 4'b D u n B rd 
1o6 
17*o D u q L tg 
I 72 1ox783 
TOU 
23 
Duq p f A2 IO z8o 
25 
TV 1 Duq pf 
2 
21+, Duq p f 2 o5 
22’ 2 D u q p f 2 o7 
73 
Duq pfG 2 IO 
2 4'b D u q p f 2 31 
26 +8 D u q p f 2 75 
78 
D u q p f 7 2o 
7 '. D y m o ln 
44 
7 
U U E G 8.G 
36 15 
IO 
E L T 
14 12 
2*8 E M IL ! 
19e l l 
21+b ESyst 
I 6ob 
8 
2 5 ', E a q le P 
136 
9 
IA U EascoCp 
75 
7 
A U E a s t A ir 
4 1o78 
„ 
22' a E astG sF 
8o 
9 1331 
27'o 
14'a E a s tU tl 
1 6o 
8 
143 
U U 
7O7o E asK d I AOa 18 8715 
74'a 
29U E ato n 
2 
8 
612 
42’ a 
21 
E c h lin 
48 13 
28 3 
25 
21*r F c k rd J k 
48 
14 
6 9 5 
24U 
45U E d is B ro 7 2o 
9 x ?4 
59’ a 
9 ’ 4 E d w rd s 
5o 
4 
63 
14U 
I I H E l P aso I IO 7x4o51 
15*o 

 y!36o 25 z3oo 
25 y lO 
25 ylO 
25 xlS R 
27 
V348o 31 
V887o 88+, 
627 
734 
196 
222 
468 
67 
85 

U H 
W H 
12 
3H 
46*o 
4 1H 
2o 

2 
El ec Asse 
I I H EDS 
I ’ d E l M e M g 
5 
E l M M pf Ik 
IS H E lg 1nN.1t 
I 
4’ a E lix ir Ind 
I 16 

6o IS 

24’ , El Ira CP 
31' a E m o rE I 
I 
31*4 
E m e ry 
I 7o 
8 *4 
E m e ry ln 44 IO 
26U 
E m h a rt I 8o 
7 
34+, E m h a rt pf 
13' , E m p D E I 36 IO 
4’ , E m p D pf 47 
5 
E m p D p f 5o 
9 'a E m p D pf 92 l l 
E m p G a s 
4o 
7 
22H E ng l M C I 2o 
8 
o 
SU E n n is B 
37 
5 
32U 
21+4 E nserch 
1 72 1ox7oo 
114' 1 
1o5' 1 Ens pf IO 37 
34’ . 
71*4 E nte x 
I 2o 
17*. E n v rfe c 
3oe 
2 1 'e E q u ifa x 
2a 
9+a E q u lm rk 
88 
29+, E q u itG s 2 84 
W U E q u fL f ?.o9e 12 
SOU E s m a rk I 76 
7 
E s q u ire 
15 

2H 
18*, 
4 
IOU 
27'o 
TU 
78 U 

163 
172 
533 
24 
7 
418 
7 
AU 
8 
58o 
__ 
16x2834 34+8 
18 
142 
38 
92 
2o7 
3 
9o 
Z7oo 
758o 
78oo 
197 
538 
US 

29+, 
27 H 
19+, 
25 
24+4 
24 + , 
25 
25 
2 6U 
3o 
86 io n 
IS H 
I I H 
3*8 
44+3 
4oU 
19+4 
7+, 
26+o 
17+o 
71+4 
41+8 
24 H 
23+a 
58+a 
13+4 
15 
2+o 
17+, 
3 H 
IO 
1 9 ', 
TU 
28 
32’ a 
35+8 
IOU 
36+8 
48 
16 
SU 
6 
IOU 
2oU 
33+, 
5+o 
29 

37' o 
29'a 
IA U 
39 
77 
4? 
1o + 8 
1o 
49' 4 
63'b 
14 
15*8 
? 7 'r 
71+b 
567 8 
35 U 
39 'a 
9' , 
I I H 
9'a 
55U 
11 ’a 
IT 
W U 
9+8 
13*4 
9 U 
31+4 
75' , 
W + B 
TO 
?47a 
24 7b 
TOU 
6o 
36 
17'a 
7+8 
35 'b 
27U l l ' , 
W U 
TOU 
26 
W e 
23*4 
37' 4 
46' , 
16+4 
3o+a 
76H 
W ' , 
A' a 
U U 
7' , 
24' a 
33 + b 
U U 
W U 
TOU 
18'a 
14 
73 H 
81 
4o'a 
3 2 ', 
74 
28 U 
3 7 ', 
29+a 
45’ 1 
1o9 
TU 
16 
6I+* 
W U 
29 'a 
15*4 
4o' 4 
42 *8 
TOU 
SO*. 
35+a 
J I ’ , 
TOU 
3o 
13 

W H 
22H 
JAH 
45 
9 H 
RU 
7+» 
29U 
Al 
14 
JI 
I6 U 
I5 H 
9 H 
TAU 
W H 
W H 
U U 
AA' 1 
U U 
13 + 8 
76'n 
6 7 8 
65 
S IH 
34+4 
23H 
14+8 
U U 
38 U 
71 
35<a 
T I7 8 

7 4 '. 
I U 
W H 
U U 
SAU 
I U 
J I H 
IA U 
79 
16 8 
'A , 
2»H 
9 
TAH 
A IU 
31+8 
28 a 
29U 
8 8+a 
BA*. 
77’ a 
717 
W U 
U 'a 
U H 
I V , 
IA U 
JA7 a 

9 
337 
8 x 21 
7 

5 *o E s te rlln e 
36 
7 9 ', E th y l 
TAO 
39+a E th y l pf2 4o 
5 
E van sP d 
6o 
14 
E van s p fl 4o 
IA U E x C o lo 
I 25 
18 
E x c ls r I 76e 
47' t E x x o n 
2 15i 
19' 1 FM C 
I 12 2816 
31*. FM C pf2 75 
45 
S' , F a b rg e 
4o 
8 
6 ’ , F a b rfC tr 
12 
5 
5 
F a cet E nt l l 
33'a F a irC a m 
8o 16 
6 ' o F a irln d 
3o IO 
IO U F a lrm tF 
68 
7 
I T ', F a irm tp f 
I 
S U F rW s tF n 
7 

11 
37+4 
ABU 
16+4 
6+8 
6' , 
IOU 
23 >o 
34+a 
6 1 8 
29+o 
.. 
744o I U 1, I U 1, 
7 
255 
3o H 
28 H 
32*4 
27 
13 
38 
24’ 4 
33’ a 
9*4 
7*o 
45 
58 
13*, 
IS H 
76’ a 
21 
STH 
35*o 
37’ a 
8*o 
7+a 
6+8 
36H 
IOU 
12 
14 

89 
33 
221 
473 
129 
153 
453 
149 
737 
793 
234 
36 
8 99o6 

478 
RI 
15o 
87o 
2o2 
74 
5 
1o3 
178 
421 
■ 49 

F a ra h M f 
4 
F edders 
38 
22' , F e d rlC o I AO 
5 
- 
U U F d M o g I 4o 7x174 
13'a F e d N M t 
I 
6 1o98 
16’ , Fed Pa Bd 9o 
5 
IU 
74’ 4 F P ap p f l 15 
/IO 
16’ , F Pap p fl 2o 
15 
IOU F S ignl 
1 
8 
43 
A IU FedD S t I 46 I? 1182 
21 >4 F e rro 
I 25 
8 
57 
8+o F ib r e b r d 
345 
3 U F id F in 
2oe 
26 
F id e l Un 2 4o 
IS 
F ie ld e rs ! la 
7 
F i I tro t 
9 ’ n F in S an B 
48 
9 ', F in lF e d 
SO 
21’ a F ire s tn 
U U F stC h ar 
16' , F stC h lc 
3 1*. F tB n T e x 

5 
7 
29 
6 
7o 
5 
62 
48 
5 
94 
5o 
5 
368 
I IO 14 I86o 
KOI 
6 1383 
96 
8 1143 
I IO 
499 

14 

36U F s tln B n I TO IO 
44? 
B U FstM iSS 
36 l l 1467 
T IU F s tN B o I 88 
TOU F IN S !B n 
7 
14 
F s t Pa 
132 
V / F tP a M tg 
9+a F s tU n R l 
I 
4+b Fst Va Bk 
45 11 
17*8 F W isC p I TA 
7 
„ 
23’ a F is c h M 
I 2o 
9 x21 
8 
FlShFdS 
6o 
6 
156 
9+a F ish rS ci 
14 
Fle e t E nt 
13'a F le m in g 
8 'a F le x iV a n 
__ 
16 
F lin tk o l 
I 16 
SO*. F lin t pf 4 5o 
25 
F lin t p f J 25 lA 'a F la E C s t 
13'e FI a Gas 
I 2o 
7o+4 F la P w L 
I 56 

9 ’ , 
SU 
6 
76 
? 4'o 
I6 H 
17*8 
24+a 
22 
18*o 
42+, 
33+e 
9 H 
A1 1 
35+8 
2oU l l 
W U 
W H 
23 
14*o 
21H 
33 
4o 
16*4 
79 
75+8 
W+o 
2 
U H 
7 
21+o 
SOU 
U H 
IA H 
15 
16+a 
IJ H 

251 o F U P ow 2 28 
19' , F la S II 
I 2o 
16 
3o 
F lu o r Cp 
I 
9 
72+4 F lu o rp f 
3 
AH F d F a ir 
2o U 
IOU FooteC B 
I 
7 
43H F o rd M 
3 2o 
5 
13' , F o r M c K 
I 
J 
77’ h F M K p l I 8o 
F t D ear 
I 24 
F IH o w P 
72 U 
FosW h 
I 3o 
8 
FosW h w i 
F o xb o ro 
I 
9 
F rn k tn M 
TO ft 
F re e p M I AO 
F rig trn 
“ 
F ru e h t 
F ugua 

28 
6 x 2 7 3 
4o 13 
739 
8o 
8 x 46 
2o 18 
6A2 
.. J 
17x1841 TOU x 133 
81 x458 
4o*. 
W 
32o 
3 2 ', 
9 
842 
TSH 
11x159o 76 
8o1 
9 
896 
TS 
IIT 
69 
5945 
3o5 
A7 x 134 
281 
242 l l 
766 
833 
497 lOe 78 1241 
I DO 
8 1376 
36 
8 1o41 

6o IO 
642 
I TO 
I 8o l l 

79’ a 
T IU 
35 
85 
AU 
15*4 
57U 
W 
27+4 
IS H 
JA 
4o U 
2o' , 
4 3 ', 
TSH 
79' 1 
2o*8 
3o 
U U 

IO *. G AF CD 
IS H G A F p f 
I 2o 
SI 
TS' H G A T X 
I RO l l 
897 
SAH G A TX pf 2 SO 
9 
A 
G C A C p 
o5e TO 
781 
AU GF Bosn 
32 
AA 
G a h ie in d 
111 
G am Sk 
I AO 
5 
463 
G a n n e tt 
I IA 
4oo 
G ap S irs 
I Se 
R« IM 
G ardD en 
76 W 1337 
77 
131 
4 
1o9 l l 
7A7 
74 
73 
113 
IT 
184 
7 
US 
IO 
4o7 
I 
9 
369 
A 
1o3 
? 1o7o 
I 8o U S717 

17'a 
W U 
37*o 
42 
9 U 
SH 
S’ , 
24 o 
3A 
IO U 
19 
IS +4 
U U 
T H 
25'a 
W U 
IS+4 
W H 
AO a 
17+4 
IT 
26 'a 
5+4 
S9 
S IH 

G a rfin k I o4 
Gas Svc 
I 2o 
G a te w a y 
G e a rh rt 
28 
9 'a G em 1 nea p 
JJU G em In I 2oa 
9 '« G A In v I 22e 
IS ' . O n A m O ll) 
8 ’ a G en Banc 
8o 
9* , G nC ahle 
77 
17 
G C in m a 
AN 
J * . Gen De vt 
3 7 '. G e n D y n 
AA 
G en E l 
. __ 
TAU Go Food 
I AA 
9x2876 33 
IS '* G nG th I 
J4e 2o 
BA 77+a 
8 ' . Gen H ost 
AO 
71 U U 
I U Gen In s t 
?7t 14 
8S4 7o 
77 '4 On In s tr p ts l l 3| + , 
U 1, G enM ed 
3o W 
283 
JOH 
TAU G e n M ills 
7A 13 1171 
JO1 , 
57 >4 G nM ot 5 ROe 
7 8775 
72+4 
4 9 '4 G M nt pf J 75 
IAJ 
S3 
65 
G M o t pf 
5 
JI 
71+4 
5 
Gen P o rt 
394 
J77 
8 
IS H G P U 
TAB 8 15o4 W 
AU G en R e fr 
IOT 7 
SI 
8+4 
IA U GnS g nl 
I (14 1J 
2o9 S IH 
3' a G en S teel 
A 
733 
A' 1 
23*. G T e lE l 
J 
9x 3579 29+, 
311 a G T IE I pf2 SO x7o 
JSH 
24U G T IE I p#7 48 xA72 
T IU 
14 
GT FI p f I TS 
115o 
IS’ a 
U U G T F I pf I 3o 
7AOD 
IA ", 
W 
G T ire 
I 
3ob A 1oo7 28H 
M 
| G enesee l l i i A3 
S u 
G enstar I 4o 
5 
1o3 
77U 
G e n u P t* 
76 IA 
JVA 
JJU 
Ga P ac 8Oo U xS o74 JS' 

W ' 
32 
«> 
- 
- 
2AH G aP w p f 7 57 
TA 
G a P w p f 2 75 
69 
G aP w p f; SO 
68 4 G a P w pf7 72 l r , G e rb e r 
1 to 
IST 
G e ffy O J 8o 
IA U G ettO p f l 2o 
8 ' . G 1 a n t PC to 
7+o G 'b r F in 
SU G 'd d L e w 
4o 
9 'e G iH d H ilt 
8o 
TAH G ille tte 
I SO l l 
7+a G in o s ln c 
U U 
A U Chert-.A 
79e 
H U 
A U G io b M a r 
J? 7 a 
IA *. G lobe Un 
I 
TO7* l l ' , G id W F n 
Ile 

77H 
7 9 '. 
RAU 

54 
16o 
IO? f ?o 
177 
JI 
SOS 7o8 
IS l l 

? ’ 
JO+4 
25’ a 
IA U 
J IH 
JOH 
J I 7 a 
IA U 
71 
W H 
19 + t 
U H 
TA 
JOU 
JAH 
74+4 
31*8 
23 1 
TOU 
IJ H 
J H 
3+4 
M U 
W H4'* 
I U 
78 a 
1o2+4 i f 1 1 
12*8 
J’ 1 l f * 
J IH i i 
M U 
JA 
H H s i 1 
AJ 
AH tm 

U U G oldW p f ZI l l 
Good rh 
I 12 
TOU G oodyr 
I IO 
9*8 Got Jw i A 
4o 
72 
G ould 
I IT 
W U G ould p fl 15 
TAU G ra te 
I 7o 
TAU O rd ilig e r 
16 
U H C ra n d o n 
I 
U U Or a m t vl 
9o 

 i f : ; K & S 2 
1o 
W H G IL A D I 7oa 
U t G 'h to lr I Ste 
77 a G fN oN k I IO 
IJ H GhAfnF in 
5o 
IA ’ . G t A s t U td 
A 
W H GI Y9h p l I IR 
IS a C r G ia n t 1 o8 73 
I) 
G re yn 
I GAA 
• 
I U G re yh n d w t 
V a G ro v e r 
U 
G ru m m 
IO 
S 
9+a G u e rd tn 
JO 
7 
I 
G uaco M ig 
Ta' , G uiiiM stn 
AA 
U C h M in d wf 
O N A p ts 75 
G II A lp ! 3 17 
G ll n? p l 2 SO 
GHL ttald 
NO 
G vi I M ig 
G rH O iI 
I AO 
G uH Res 
I 
GUHR p l JO 
Gut IM p l I JO 
GUHR p l l AO 
G H M U t 
I l l 
G it SU fit * 4o 
O h s .; p ts QI 
GwHun 
OS* c iv Ti m d 

SA 
S 
MO 
U 
111 
7 
AOB 
9 1264 
I 
213 
Al 
733 
7 1o78 
4 
314 
I U 
ITO* 
13 32S3 
A 
SI 
9 1569 i i 376 
USI tot 

 til 
TO' 
JA 

 t i t i i 
M« l l 1 

297 
189 
SS 
SU 
16 
AA 
1448 
HOS 
7 7 | 
74 
IM 
IWS 
111 
317 
S 
2o4 
I 
I t t i 
J« 57AT IS H 
A IM 
I H 
• 
M a f 
MHO 
• USA a t m o 
I 
WA 
14 w 

9*4 
9 H 
IO U 
IS 
2A7a 
I U 
IV o 
8*4 
32 7a 
W 
W U 
JOU 
23+a 
I I H 
3o 
3o+a 
29+4 
29+4 
TI 
U H 
17*o 
U HP 
7 9 '. 
23 
J J U 
TI 
U H 
U H 
7 
?'« 
W U 
IS* a 
I H 

74 
JJU 
37 +a 
U 1 

 tSi 
I * lAv 

 i 
U s 
1 to 

W H l l 
TSH 
U H 
T IU 
U 
SOU 
AJ 
AU 

31H 
76' a 
U U 
37+, 
23+e 
31+, 
SU 
7H 
42U 
55' , 
12+e 
U U 
25 
2o*4 
5o' e 
2 5 ', 
36+a 
7U 
7*8 
5+o 
34*8 
9*8 nu 
U H 
9 U 
5 
5*o 
TSH 
23’ a 
16 
17'a 
24+a 
2 V , 
W H 
A IU 
33'a 
B 's 
6 
35 
W U 
1o+, 
W H 
W U 
27H 
14*8 
TOU 
32' 8 
39 
15 
28 
25 H 
16+, 
We 
U U 
6*o 
21+4 
3o*4 
11+o 
13+, 
U 
IA U 
U H 
W H 
76' , 
37' , 
76 
21+o 
2S U 
29+a 
21" , 
33*o 
I? 
6 H 
IS 
SS 
16+, 
77 
14+o 
35U 
39' , 
2o' • 
42H 
22+, 
79 
W 
78’ . 
11+8 

IWB 
W a 
79 U 
4o", 
8 ". 
5+4 
5 
73U 
35+a 
9 + 8 
W U 
U H 
U 
T H 
74 
18*4 
IS 
1o+4 
58 
I I H 
I I H 
?4H 
S+, 
SA 
SOH 
31U 
72H 
12 
WU 
M 
W U 
79 
A9H 
SJH 
TOU 
7H 
W H 
I U 
S IH 
AU 
79 
JAH 
78 
15+4 
IA1, 
27 H 
A ", 
??+, 
J? 
33 
27+8 
TI , 
SAU 
IA U 
TSH 
WAH 
18 
» U 
9 H 
I U 
U H 
2SU 
I U 
ICH 
I U 
79*. 
W H 
’ I 4* 
TAH 
2 IU 
U H 
79H 
TAH 
TAH 
7 7 ', 
TOH 
U 
W H 
U H 

TA 
T IU l f , 
JOH 
IA H 
U H 
I H 
J 
W H 
U H 
IU 
U H 
IU 
74 
71 
JA' I 
I I H 
J i 

N et lo * t C hg 
7 H + 
H 
12*8 
12+4 
44+o+ 
'o 
12*4+ 
' 8 
29 
■+ 
H 
3 3 ', + 
U 
39' a f 
U 
I H — 
U 
I U — 
' 8 
11 
— 
H 
5o 
-t- 4 
3 U I- 
' a 
2 3 + a - 
" , 
17H — 
+, 
H H V 
'o 
A IU + 3 H 
37+a F 
' , 
3o 
- 
*4 
2 3 U + 
*o 
39+o -c 
'o 
17+8 
T U — 
129 
— 
'4 
SO 
+ 
U 
63 U + 
' 4 
2o U — 
'a 
88 
1o1 
- I U 
97' ,3 TU 
91*4 - 
' a 
29 U — 
+o 
27H t 
U 
19*8+ 
H 
25 
24+5+ 
+4 
24U— 
+, 
25 
+ 
*8 
25 
+ 
*a 
27 
+ 
H 
3o 
87+4 + 
*o h u t 
1 
WST 
3+o— 
H 
45'o— I U 
4o* 8 — 
' o 
19 + 8 - 
’ , 
7*o— 
’ a 
26+8 . 
18 
71*o+ 
H 
A IU + 
'» 
25 
24+4 + 
+4 
58'a 
-+B 
U H 
15+4 * 
U 
2 +,+ 
U 
1 7 * , - 
U 
A t 
' 8 
1o+8 + 
19+o 
7 + o - 
78U . 
337a + 
37+o + 
11+ ,4 
S A H ­ 
AS' , 4 
I 6+o + 
6+8 4 
6 ' , 4 
IO U 4 
22 
+ 
33' , + 
AU 4 
79*4 4 
113' , 4 
29’ ,4 
31*o— 
TAH + 
12+,— 
37+o + 
23+o 4 
3 2 + a - 
8 U — 
7 H — 
44' a + 
STH 4 
13+8 + 
1 4+ o- 
76 
+ 
2o+o— 
SOU— 
7 5 U — 
. 
36*o— 
'o 
8 +o + 
’o 
T H — 
1, 
6 
+ 
*o 
35’ a * I 
9 *o 
H 
12 
+ 
' 8 
14 
♦ 
' , 
9 *o 
'a 
5 
— 
'a 
6 
2 5 U - 
' a 
2.3*8+ 
' a 
16' ,4 
* , 
1 7 U + 
*o 
24+a 
72 
+ 
H 
18*o a 
>■ 
41H — 
'o 
3 3 'a - 
>,4 
B H — 
H 
6+o 
’ 4 
3-5+o— 
+8 
2o+8 ion..... 
18 
- 
+o 
18+o 
’ 8 
2 2 * 4 - 
+4 
14+,------- >4 
2o* o— 
U 
37*4+ 
U 
3 9 H + 
Vt 
1 5U — 
*4 
28+»— 
*« 
2 5*o+ 
U 
IA U 
1*o + 
+8 
12+o - 
U 
6+o 
2 1 H + 
U 
JO*.— 
1 a 
12 
- 
U 
U U — 
U 
15 
+ 
U 
1 6 U + 
' . 
U H — 
H 
2o 
- 
U 
79 
4 IS H 
39 t 9 H 
3 1 + 5 
23' a * 
I 
25U 4 
*a 
2 9 * » - 
H nu 
JA 
- 
I 
•2 
J 

2' o 

H 

*8 

I U 
1+o 

1*o 

6 H I 
15*o 
*o 

57* 4 f 
16*» 
1*4 

 l l ' 1 * 
15 
’o 

JSH f 
*o 
39 ' n 
7o*8 
Va 

47+4 - 
H 
23H + 
’ o 
79*o f 
+4 
19+a- 
H 
79H + 
I 
12 
- 
H 

H H — 
*o 
IA U — u 
79 H - 
TH 
AO / 
IU 
A U E 
'x 
SH + 
* o 
5 
- 
1.4 
23H 
1 4 
35 U — 
'n 
IO a- 
H 
W 7t + 
H 
14*. 
+o 
14 
— 
*o 
7 * . 4 
*o 
74' ,4 
*4 
W k — 
+o 
IS 
— 
IDV. 
Va 

SA 
- 
2*4 
U H ­ 
*4 
U H 
*o 
26 
4 
1*4 s h — 
*o 
SR U 4 
1+o 

"a 

I H 
• I 
I H 
U U 

SOU 
3 7 , 4 
77 U 4 u 
- 
19 
— 
J IH ♦- 
2o 
4 
2 9 + o - 
71H-4 
S3 
+ 
7o*4 -4 
77o 
IA H - 
• U + 
S I * * - 
AU — 
79'a 
JSU 4 
78*84 
U U 
IA U 4 

4*8 
M U 
32 
SJH 
TTH 
IAH 
NAU 
AA 
JI 
WAH 
18 
- 
Vt 
AH 
AU— 
+4 
AH 4 
U 
U H - 
U 
TA 
— 
'a 
AH o 
U 
IO U 
•* 
A U - 
+4 
37",4 2*« 
IAH— U 
IAH— 
H 
7VU 4 I U 
J I H - 
+» 
11+8 4 
La 
JAH 
JAH - 
TAU 4 

 u 
- 
WH­ 
IT 

 f c 
; 
TAH - 
TTH 4 
TOU - 
WU 
IAH 
IU 
J 
- l l 14 
U U . 
V a ­ is 
T h - 
TAU* 
I T H * 
JA U A 
I I 
I 
J * o l 
JAH 
IA *. 

J IH 
U h . 

1 H 
I 

We have the mytterte* of th* Pyrxmids, Stonrhrngr. the 
Bermuda Tnangle and what Argyle does around here 

Yeorly 
High 
Low 
37 
77 
23 
AAH 
75+8 
W U 
23’ a 
TH 
T IU 
79 
6o' , 
347 a 
IO 
35’ a 
77 "a 
IA U 
3 9 'B 
34 7o 
27", 
14", 
79' , 
1 8 ', 
25+a 
19 
12U 
9*o 
W H 
17+8 
34' 8 
32 
9+o 
TV'. 
123 
5o 
2’ a 
8*o 
38 
77’ , 
23H 
75’ , 
59U 
I W U 

77’ a HrtCkW 
U U H a llF B 
U U Ha 11 FVI 
ABU H rtllib rt 
16’ a H arm IP 
. „ 
15 U Han JSe I 49e 
W ' 8 H a n jln 
I R8e 

7 RO 
8 4o 
76 
I? 784 
8ort 
9 24 
56rt l l 769? 
I 3o 
7 x 238 
162 
83 

So le t 
I bds ) High lo w 

Rx187 
ITA 
1467 
742 
59 
88 
479 
78 
656 
, 
IR 
12 x34 
9 
98 
6 
753 
5 
132 
8x773 
1993 
119 
633 
167 
6 
8o 
8 
94 
I 
12x33o 
76 
7o 

3+a H rtn d lm n 
JO l l 
188 
18*a H a nd yH rt 
RO 
7 
RA 
14+a H a n e s I 36 6x44o 
43*. H anna 
I RO 
9x5o6 
21*o M ar Br J 
I 44 
6 *« H ardees 
U U H a rm a n 
5ob 
14 
H a rn is h f 
RO 
12 
H a rra h 
3oa 
31*8 H e rr Bk 
I 5o 
2 6 'r H a rris 
8o 
18** H arsco I 4oh 
8*4 H a rtS M x 
72 
W U H d rte H k 
AO 
15+8 H a h Se 
I aa# 
2o 
H a w iiE I I 88 
U U H a yp sA lb lh 
3+a H a ze lln 
o5e 
A U H e c k s 
12 
1o's H e c la M 
3o! 
9 
H e ilm B 
64 
6 
26' , H einzH 
I OB IO 
25' i H einz p l I 7o 
5 
HeleneC 
18’ 
H e lle r in t 
9? 
81 
H h er p l 4 o7 
JOU H e lm e rP 
4o 
IU H e m isp Cap 
A H H em Inc 
Me 
24 
H e rcu le s 
I 
IO 3528 
W U H e rsh ey 
1 11 Ax.lflO 
7 U H e s s to n 
6o 
15+, H estn pf I AO 
29 
26*. HeubMn I 32 
IO 2547 
. . 
68 *4 
H e w ltP k 
4o 23 1.343 
7*o 
‘ 4 * , H q h V o lt 
o5e 23 
431 
24 
17' i H ille n b d 
87 9 
1o8 
73+4 
15 
H iltO n H tl 
92 IO 
275 
28 
W U H o b a rt 
92 l l 
Bl 
2 3 ', 
U U H oernW 
9o 
9 
AOR 
9*8 
5*o H o h F le 
We 
I 
45 
TO 
IO U H o lid a y 
4o 
IO 7195 
3o 
19 
H lld y A 1.7ot 
I? 
AA*. 
26 
H o llyS 
2 4o 
3 
351 
44' a 
247o H om estk 
I 
21 1o73 
TSH 
72U Honda 
56+o 
37*4 Hon yw l I 
I AO 
24+, 
18*. H o c v B B I 12 
3U 
I U H o rizo n 
16' , 
11*o H o s p A tl 
32 
28+, 
2oU H ospC pA 
4o 
16 
8 ’ a Host In tl 
4o 
W U 
IO1. H ondah 
9oa 
3o+4 
23+, H oudpf 
2 25 
W U 
11+, Moue) M d 
84 
U U 
7+4 H o usF ab 
78 
72; 8 
15*4 H oushF 
I 2o 
35' , H ouF p f 2 37 
29'4 HOUF pfT 5o 
7o U HOU* Ind I 76 
25 
H ousN G 
7o 
9*8 H ow John 
32 l l 
H u b b rd 
I JO 
14 
H udsnA 
RO 
147 a H udsn B 
RO 
4' 1 H u g h H a t 
34 
H ughsTI 
H U H u m a na 
IO1. H untC h 
U U H u ttn E F 
1o+o H uyck 
S U H y d ro m t 
52 
9 
IA U IC Ind s 
I 4o 
8 
33+o IC Ind p l 3 SO 
H p 
75 
IC Ind p l 
6 
TO HO 
3 
IC N P h a 
9 
BJS 
S* 1 
34' , IN ACP 
7 IO l l 1o25 
■ ■ ■ K 
M 
M 
- - 
91 
J l l 1341 

.8 U 
AO 
36'» 
36 U 
17+o 
W +o 
72*8 
22 
8+, 
52' , 
18 7a 
15+4 
25'o 
17'a 
7o' , 
74*4 
ASH no 
6 
47’ I 
7o’ a 
82 
U U 
36’ , 
21 
11+4 
73*. 
V U 
TR l l 
27+8 
79 
3o 
52’ , 
AV U 
SAU 
3o 
W U 
37 
TU 
IO U 
81 
R9 
98 
122+a 1o2 
29 
25’ , 
94 '4 
IR 
22' , 
9SU 
57' , 
34 
58*a 
73 
15 
19' , 

21x313 
9x1982 
7 
113 
137 
J 
ISA 
9 2574 
7 
126 
6 
138 
5 
R 
138 a 
7/8 
1 
1513 
8 
39? 
9 666o i i 
1233 
A 1983 
1? 
64 
66 
B 
66 
I 
6 
16 
14 1145 
9 
7o? 
14 
67o 

4o 
SO 
SO 
34 I 
_ 
I 
6o 
4x284 
AO l l 
336 
1o3 
1o69 
181 

36 . 
TOU 
22 U 
58 
71+8 
18 
72U 
5 
71*4 
75U 
5 o ', 
33U 
9 
33+8 
W U 
1 5 ', 
-ISH 
37U 
24*o 
14' , 
28’ a 
W 
24' , 
19 n u 
RU 
1 3 ', 
17*o 
3 2 ', 
3o' a 
5U 
T IU 
91 
497 o 
JU 
BH 
25U 
TOH 
V U 
W U 
79H 
76U 
TU 
23*8 
7! 
21*4 
21U 
7+a 
11+a 
72 + , 
79+4 
4o U 
2S 
45*4 
21U 
2U 
15U 
77 
IO U 
W U 
78+b 
17 + 8 
9 
2o+e 
AAU 
37+, 
34'a 
32+o 
IOU 
I 6+o 
W U 
IA U 
TU 
Al +4 
17 ’n 
13*4 
W U 
14 
TOU 
24 + 4 
IAU 

31 U 
7U 
IOU 
48 'o 
RU 
ATU 
THS' I 
7 8 '. 
33H 
47’ a 
49 J 
W U 
2oU 
79 U 
R 
34+a 
3o3*4 
63*. 
59' , 
58U 
AS1 4 
A IU 
63 
37 
BJ1 a 
JJU 
IR 
77' 4 
7 
75’ 4 
W U 
T IU 
28' a 
26 
22 U 
6 *. 
W U 
IS 7# 

W U 
T IU 
1o*4 
37 *» 
AA , 
VT 
V V . 
89 , no 
IU 
26 , 
I U 
35 U 
VA' , 
W U 
J IH 
AS*. 
19*4 
SA' , 
J I U 
7? 
5o+8 
4 '» 
57U 
4oU 

 l l *8 
W U 

16+4 IN A ln 
I 59a 
AO 
IT T S vc p l A 
V U m in t ! 
9o 
76+4 IU In t A 
IS' , lU ln t p l I 25 
26 
Id a h o F> 
2 IA 
U ’ a Ideal Ba I 2o 
A U Idea Toy 
32b 
77U IllP o w r 
2 2o 
27", h P o w pf? o4 
77", ll Pow p f 7 IO 
24' , IIP o w p l2 71 
25' , IIP o w p f2 35 
AA1 , IIP o w p f 4 I? 
A1 
IIP o w p f3 78 
5o 
IIP o w p f 4 47 
21 
IT W 
56 15 
1o+4 Im p lC p A 
74 
75’ a IN C O 
I AOa 
A *4 In c C a p 
B U in c CCU 
R8e 
66 
In d lM p l; Os 
67' I In d lM (if I 76 
7 6", In d 'M pfR AN 
In d lM pf 
12 
19*o In d iG a s 2 12 
2o 
In d p l P L 182 
77 
In P L pf A 25 
1 7 ', in d iN a t 
1 2o 
A U InexcoO 
AS 
In g e rR 
2 8o 
44". Ing R p f2 35 
24 
In ln d Con 
I 
I 
Al 
In ln d S tl 2 6o 
1 
TU In m o n t 
8o 
I 
8 'a In s ilc o 
8oe 
! 
12*. In s il p f A l 25 
TOU in s p C q p 
Aaa 
I 
In s tfn v T r 
7 
Integon 
36 
38*8 In te r co 
I AA 
3+o In te rc tD iv 
TSH In 'e rla k 2 2o 
„ 
773 o IB M 
IO 17 4479 774' 
IR' ; In tF la v F 
44 IR 2o78 
W H 
77H In tH a rv I 85 
5 2514 
JJU 
32+4 In t M in e 7 4o 
45 
In fM in r pf4 
4oe 
85 
2 
TO 
I 7A 

4 3 ', 
TO*. 
81*4 
12 + 8 
35H 
TO*. 
TS / 
77U 
8 ' , 
TAU 
25 
76 U 
78 
3o 
SO 
AAU 
53' , 
76 
W H 
31H 
7+4 
VU 
78 * , 
BV 
VAH 
ZHAO 121+, 17o 
22 
26*4 
26 
24*. 
9o 
W+4 
22' , 
71U 
48+8 
29’o 
47 
23 
U H 
18 + e 
2 6U 
IU 
1o+8 
A IU 
AU 
3AU 

I 
17 
9 
SSI 
9 1o5o 
A 
275 
11 1o76 
723o 
767o 
759o 
73oo 
75o 
123oo 
737oo 
: 
5o1 
5 
971 
12 1661 
RA 
74 
7 46o 
752o 
/SOO 

J m 
9 
878 
2 
7 
55 
7611415 
13 
858 
769 
8 
251 
9 
78? 
9 3962 
7 
37J 
42 
34 
21 
7x7o4 
8 
311 
JS 
5 
149 

35+, 
W +o 
?1H 
56' a 
71*4 
W H 
21U 
4 +4 
TO*, 
74 U 
*8 
37U 
8' , 
32'a 
17", 
U U 
34 U 
31U 
TAU 
U U 
28 
17*4 
74 
W U 
IOU 
BU 
12+4 
W H 
31 
TV*. 
5+, 
7o’ , 
91 
46+a 
2 
8+4 
TAH 
W +o 
9 
W H 
78*o 
69+o 
6+8 
23 
21*4 
7oU 
T IU 
6nu 
22'a 
28U 
38+o 
22U 
AAH 
2 o *. 
2 
U U 
24 
1o+4 
W U 
78 
WH 
8 ', 
TO 
45’ -, 
35 H 
33 
3V a 
IOU 
W H 
18 
18’ , 
I 
39' a 
15*4 nu 
15+, 
IJ +4 
TOH 
2.3' a 
43+a 
1o3' , 
5+4 
42 
2o 
81U 
12' i 
15 
2o 
27’ , 
T IU 
7+a 
25 + , 
24U 
26' a 
77+a 
79 
5o 
46+4 
53 
2 5 ', 
16 
3o+a 
A U 
9 H 
77*. 
RAH 
VA' a 

23 
R7 
W +o 
IA U 
7o 
47 
27+, 
ASH 
W U 
U H 
IR 
2 5*. 
IU 
VU 
Al 
6+4 
JA' , 

N la it Ch 
3A+o-- 
19+i + 
21H - 
56U + 
21+>—- 
W U — 
7 2 ',+ 
4+84 
21 t 
2 5 + o - 
49*8 4 
3 3 * 4 - 
8 +>— 
33+4 
W H - 
14+o- 
35 
— 
3 1 + 4 - 
24+,+ 
IA U — 
28*. 
W H — 
24*4— 
18 H T 
11*4 + 
B U T 
U H - 
17+4 + 
31+8 4 
3o 
+ 
5 H 
21U 4 
91 
— 
49+n 4 
7 
— 
SU 4 
24U — 
2o 
— 
9 H 4 
W U — 
2 8 U - 
73 
4 
T U 4 
73 
- 
T IU — 
T IU 4 
21U 4 
6 +o - 
11H 
22+, 4 
JA 
— 
4o+4 t 
2 2 U - 
4S 
+ 
21+o 4 
2*4 4 
U H 
24 H - 
1o+,+ 
W U 4 
T I7'# 4 
17H + 
8 *o - 
2o+4 4 
AA 
4 
JA 
34 
4 
37*4 -4 
1oU + 
W U - le u 
IA U 
T H ­ 
AI 
I 
15' 7 - 
17*4 
IS' 
13+4- 
2o*o 
24 
4 
4A+.4 
1oA 
I 
S W ­ 
ASH 4 
2o+e-*- 
• I H E nu- 
35 
- 
TOU f 
27 W - 
22U — 
A*/, 4 
2A+, 4 
JA L ~ 
2AU 4 
? f 
~ 
3o 
4 
SO 
AAU 
S3 
- 
25' , 4 
W+4 4 
31 
- 
6 +o - 
9 U 
78' , 
BAH 
9 A U - 
32o 
- I 
26 
- I 
23 H — 
H 
87 
- 2 
W >4 4 
+4 
22+,4 SH 

I 
7 H 

IH 

I 45 
A 

A b In fM n g 
IS H In tM u h i 
S I7# In t P aper 
In tR e c tif 
Int T T 
In tT T PIE 
In t TT p tH 4 ln1T T p l j 
4 
In tT T p f X 4 
In tT T pfO S 
27+» In tT T p f? TS 
45 *o In tT T pf4 SO 
23+a In trp c e 
64 in tr pc eof 
5 
IA U tn trp G p 
I AO 
147« in trs P w I 45 
24 
In P w p l 2 28 
AU In trs tU n 
74 73 
W U Iow a Bf 
4 
U U Iow a E l 
I 4o 
9 
W H lo w a llG I IU 
TAU lo w 'll p i7 ) | 
71 ’ n tn w a P l 7 IO 
W H Iow a PS I 8o 
3+a Ipco H sp o5* 
8+o lf Ak Cb 
S '. He ICO 

5+1 
22+. 
71 
44 
47’ 
AV. 
*1 

6 W U 
47' 
I 
48' , 
8 
SOS IA U 
I 
731 7o 
1ox 382o SAU 
J I 
AU 
9 55o8 
U U 
73o 1o3'a 
4 
A? 1 > to 
791 
94 
787 
71 
78 

JO 

J - 
RO 
RO 
98c 
8o 

•5 U Jam esF l l * . Ja m zen 
7' , 
W panF 
24H J e ff P) lot I 
16 je rC pf 
4 
T IU JerC pf I I? 
I I 
J ere pf 
I 
69’ i JerC p l I NR 
HOU JerC p m SO 
OO' , JerC p l l l w . Jew elC 
I 3o 
3+* J e w e l co r 
23 
Inn M an 
1 4o 
Johns Jo 
I# 
JobnsE F 
8o 
JohnCh 
I 4o 
JhnC ont pl? 
Jon Logo 
SO 
Jo n * d up ! 
5 
W U JOT gen 
I 
W 
Josfens 
8o 

ASu 
H U 
17*) 
TA' 
12 
51 

7 x |5 
7 
JOO 
7119o 
3o9 
1459 
71 
143 
7749o 
168 
SIS 
74o 
713 
1393 

- I . 
TAI 
Al 
444 
3o4 
72oo 
/IOO 
/ I n SO 
741o 

H v I 
AAU 
AV , 
67 
79H 
71 
JJU 
W H 
TAU 
AU 
24+a 
W U 
TTH 
J IH 
75*. 
77 
SH 
W U 
IS H 

I I H 
31U 
4 o ', 
48' , 
U H 
W U 
5?' , 
6 
M U 
1o3+4 
6 ? 
SBH 
SAU 
A 2 ', 
4oH 
Al 
78 U 
TTH 
JOU 
W 
25". 
AU 
72 
17 
T IU 
27 
TS*. 
TTH 
SU 
W H 
U U 

ZOU 
AZU­ 
*ii 
SA H + 
H 
46*4 + 
H 
22U + 
S U 
1 3 + o - 
+4 
18*4 — 
2 S H - 
I U 
1H 4 
1 4 
9+o + 
A iw ­ 
*o a n 4- 
* , 
35 + o E 
1*o 
77o*o + 
J U 
IV w 
3 1 * 4 - 
*/, 
41 
H 
4 8 ",+ 
*4 
W 
+ 
7*4 
19+4- 
11 

WH 
I? 
I U 
JOU 
ASU 
17 
YOU 
. . . . 
AAU 
. . 
753o 127+4 127 
<45o I U " , It? 
A 
BTA 
TAH 
TS 
I 
IDA 
A U 
4 
11x2376 JOU 
19x1898 67*o 
113x312 I I H 
9 
648 
37U 

W+4 
W+4 
A U j o u as 
87 
89 

5SUE t 
J J U 
1o3+4 
AT 
M u ­ f f 
A 3 '. 
4oW 
A I+o 
2 9 ",. t i 
. 
J I H . 
17 4 
25+4- 
A U 
24 
. 
W 
71 + , - 
27’ . 
TSH 
T IU 
S H ­ 
IA H 
U U 

16+4 l * 7« 
»+. 
JOU 

JU 

I U 

IS 
314 
<1o 
J5 
782 
32H Joy M fg 
I IO 12 1248 

 w 
U U 
IOU 
21' a 
W U 
ZN' » 
IA U 
23+a 
22 
• 2+4 
27+8 
JJU 
7o 
SJH 

 t i t 
IJ H 
IOU 
J9H 
19' , 
W / i t rn 
M U 
I 
H H 

S U 
1S+, 
SH 
A' I 
W +o 
23 
54 1 
74 a 
21 U 
U U nu 

I AA 
9 

JO 
3o 
I IO 
Wi 
96 
NOC 
I 84 
4o 

 t i 

J U 

 n u 
I U 
M u 
W t l i t nu 
Nj * 
4 , 

J u s tic e M 
K l M A ir 
8 
K a iv Ai 
I 2o IS 
K«i 5 /p l! TS 
K d is f em 
5o 
9 
K aiC c p l! 37 
K aiC e p l2 SO 
K ane M il 28 
S 
K aneb 
I ll 
» 
K Ct yP L 
4l+» X C P l p l I 
49 
KC PL PIA SO 
77U K CP L p l? 33 
IS 
KCSciuln lr 
9+o KC Sow p l I l l 
K a n G E I I it 
U U K a n N h I 12b 
1o 
K # n f*L I I XI 
25' , K aP L pf? J? 
3 
K a ty Ind 
H U K ty p fB I AA 
A* , K a u f Br 
o6c 
U U K «ut p l I 5o 
T H N d w w k . t>» X e n , Cp 
SH K e lle r 
TO 
K ellog g 
1? 
K enw ood 
TOU K en n m tl 
25 a K en n el 
2o 
K y Ut i I 
11 
K errG W 
_ 
AO '. K e rr RAC I TS 
IA U K e y y tCon ta 
IA U K id d e d I IO 
4o 
K id de PIT 2o 
K inde pf B 4 
K 'doe p ie 4 
K im b C I J 2o 
K m gO S t ai) 
K .f sr hCo 
K nigtR .d 
KoW hrtn 
Ste 
Koch pf? 75 
H oppers 
9o 
K o p p rp l 
4 
K o r# c rp 
ADH K re t! 
J I +4 K resgcS 
IO 
K ra e m e r 
W H Kroger 
K ,s o r 
3 
A7 
IO 
L T V C p 
U a L T V A 
4J , L T v C p pf 
W i Lee O d* I AA 
I ) 
L # m 5#s 
I IO 
U U L e n * A ry 
NO 
AU L A w trC n 
4o 
A u L e e r I.e g 
SO 
2j+» Lee* ! pi? TS 
74 h L e e * * I Mb 
M U Leeds N 
«ob 
X) 
L c e te n e H 
■ T e h P C t 
I 
I A hV Ah y 
L n h m n I 25e 
L en ne r 
U M M . 
I 
I es Fey 
Abt) 
L e v A d c ep 
L e v F in t try. l i r e 
I es *|F 

W 
I 
371 
J 
2AJ 
13 
I 
UA 

TAI 
(JO 
IWO 
97 
" I t n o 
2o3 
319 
IRA 
I T 
WA 
99 
/AS 
I 
M 
W I 
IAI 
VAI 
SA 
. . i i i 
1oo215o 
Ax7l5 
372 
991 
48 
191 
2 

A 
A 
9o W 
72 l l 

AS*. 
U U 
SS 
TOU 
7 7 
ASU 
19o 
JA 
JAH t i 
I I H 
W H 
I I H 
9+4 
J IH 
JOU 
44 
SA 
H H 
)3 
IT H 
T V . 
23H 
TOU 
TAH 
A 
T IU 
TU 
W U 
19 
I I H 
IO U 
TSU 
IS 
25 H 
J IH 
21+4 
IA U 
72 
W H 
TA I 
SAU 
49+, 
AAU 
AAU n u i v . 

7 1 K ,sor 
U L A E Cp 
+t L A E p f 
I 
L T V C p 

4 
N59 r n i i 
JU 
I URA 
A 
8 
893 
Z IM 
4 
Af 
9. IUD 45 
. WxZSSA JA' 
U T A 
A 
U U 
44 
I IDAS 
75* 
AO 
12 
AV 
IS' 
TO 
194 
S' 
SO 
I 
A' 
S 1278 

7 32 
J2 

T IU 
54 
TH 

29'» 
AS . n u 
34+4 
A?' 1 
U U ss 
IA U 
71 
44 
I U 
JA 
IT H ti 
IOU 
W+4 
D u 
9 H 
31+4 
29H 
A IU 
SAU i t - , 
J IH 
17 
M u 
ST+. 
2o 
M U 
TH 
TOH tv , 
W U 
IU 
A H 
7 4*. 
W U 
24*4 
7AW if: 
39 
W U 
SOU 
49+8 
4o+o 
ATH 
U H 
U U 
IA U 
IA H 
H U 
M U 
SI 
I 
44'4 
JA' , 

 i t 
— 
89 
4 
M U 
127 
I U 
TS H 
4 
79*. A 
AA 
4 n u — 
J A H . 
AAU A n u - ss 
A 
T O H . f l u A 
44 
— 
I U 
IA 
. 
J J U 
AT 
TO U 
IA H 4 
S I U — 
A H 
SJH t 
M U — 
A f* , 
SA 
4 
U U 
JU 

SSI s 

>Se rn i i 

TOI 
TIA 
44 

XIA 
At 
ISAJt? 
TSO 
•A 
7 | 
. JA 
»W 

■SU 
S IUI?'8 
21+4 
IA U r 
JA 
J IH 
W U 
IAH 
U H 
I ’ , 
U U 
A H 
24 
AH 
U U 
IA U 
JA 
T i 

AH 
AU l l 
IS’4 
SO7# 
T IU 
IA U n u 
AU 
U U 
JA .ft: 
IA U 
M U 
1+4 l l 
SH t i 
*+. 
I I H 
IA U i t » 
A U 

J J U 4 V l l 
4 
+ 
21*o A 
* 
7 2 '. 4 I* 
T O *.« 
1 
TAH * i 
T H 
* 
T IU 
• r U t w + » . 

W i t I 
9 'o . 
I A U - 
U U 4 
2 4 + f- 
8 
- 
I J H 
W 
— 
TTH 4 
M U - - 
W'/»— 
59+4 4 
4 9 " , A 
4 8H I 
44+8 
IJ H A 
IA U a 
JA 
o 
JOH ♦ 
JA 
-4 
R U — i i 
T U * 
AAU A 
JA'8 A 
IT H a 
M U 4 
11+4 A 
I - 
AU 
U U — 
Af'U™ 
S lU A 
11*o— 
V 
* 
IJ H 4 
M 
* i i 
♦ 
JOU— 
I I H 4 
W U A 
I A H . 
IA H 
I H A n u 

 i f * * * 
AU 
I I H 
U U 
IT H 
AU 

Yeorly 
N ig h 
Lew 
STK 
17' , 
W +8 
3*8 
7*8 
.WU 
92 
6o 
36 U 
19’ , 
J 7 8 
17*4 
23*o 
T IU 
I ? ', 
W ’ , 
37' , n u 
17' 7 
7V . 
9o 
IR *o 
97+4 
95U m u 
28 
78 
39' , 
W U 
31*. 
18' o 
27’ 
19 ’n 
J I ' H 
17' o 
9 
31+4 
? IH 
■ll' ! 
SU 

IS H 
42U 
5'o 
71' I 
I? 
+ 'o 
I' 1 
IOU 
IR’ 1 
38' , 
55 n u 
6*o l l ’ , 
37’ , 
?7H 
VU 
J IH 
*6 
14 ) 4 
W U 
T IU 
1J U 
IS H 
61 "o 
W U 
61 U 
25 H 
26 U 
77 
THU 
31 *4 
TSU 
15 
37U 
18 U 
117« 
77+4 
8 ' . 
36 
37U 
6 U 
IV 
W U 
55 U 
66 
75 
73 
377 o 
W U 
TR1 1 
*8' I 
TOU 
J IH 
73** 
12' , 
23 
+9 
59' , 
3o’ n 
JIH 
T IU 
64' , 
NI' 1 
TOU 
I I L 
3V7 H 
4o’ , 
U U 
3o’ o 
IV 
3o+o 
45 
V V , 
8 8 11 
94U 
IJ H 
93+4 
W' , 
76 
3o 
76 
74' , 
W U 
W H 
3 
J IH 
TV’ i 
W U 
25 
66H 
Th , 
W U 
IV » 
46U 
79 
W U 
27 'o 
6 ZU 

75 
VU 
74 
W U 
55 
J IH 
IS*» 
W U 
■IOO 
4o >8 
78", 
IJ H 
I? 

64 U 
76H 
IJ H 
4*8 
? ? '. 
59 
48 U 
TR 
U U 
7 ", 
TO 
T IU 
3oU 
T IU 
IT 
IO U 
38'« 
73 U n u 
7 4 '. 
I?' / 
M U 
36 , 
W H 
TO 
18*. 
IA H 
W' , 
7V *4 
43' 4 
9 '. 
79 
7V I 
17 
7 9 '. 
JI' , 
W U 

U U 

2J 
71H 
W U io7 
J I* . 
IA U 
I V , 
45 
1o4 
» H 
TO*. 
3! 
95 
15 *4 
4o 
42 

T IU LO P 
I 8o.. 
5SU LO F pl 
4 ?5 
9’ 
L ih rty C p 
.52 6 
V 1 L i b r t y l n 
J U L ib r ty L n pf 
TV , L ig q tG p 2 SO 8 
87 
L ig g t pf 
I t x 
41’ ; LiO v E li I 42 14 7473 
24 
L in c N d t I 6o l l 
SRI 

Sates 
N e t 
(hds I H ig h la w to s t Chg 
7x471 x 14 
I 
121 
117 
48 
197 

 x59 
8 
287 
14 1473 
7 
2o 
3 2o64 
13 
185 
6 
523 
9 I OVA 
W 
232 
9 
567 
2 
I 137o 
72o 
76oo 

15*. Line Pl 
I 72d 
1+, L 'O n e lC p 
A U L in e n In 
18t 
9 
L ittp tc p f 
IA *. L itto n p f 
2 
A U Lockhw K l 
16’ , L o c tite 
12 
21 
Loews 
I 2o 
6 
I o m a F ih 
5o 
U U LO m M 
71e 
U 
I c o s ta r I IO 
59 
LoncS p i 4 5o 
IS 7. L n q ls L t I 56 
79 
L IL p f JR I? 
8?"1 L IL p f K 8 3o 
" 2 
L IL p tN 
13 
77H L IL p fP 2 43 
2 * ’ a I IL pfO 2 i i 
J IH L o n g D r 
48 
. . . . . . 
8 ' , L o rd I CP 4o 7x 153 
27 
L a Lan d I TO 17 29 5o 
12 
L a P a c if 
2ob IO 1o6o l l U L ouisG s I 92 
9 
W9 
U 'a Low enM 
6o 21 
1o3 
3 1 '* L u tw i/o l 1 IO 13 
362 
13 
L u c k y S 
68ti 14 1182 
6 ’ a L u d lo w 
4o 
22 
Lu ken St I 6o 
U U L yknsC p 
4o 
78U L yke s pf ? SO 
4 
L ynC S vs 
3o 

M - 
1o' » M B PX 
4od 
25 U M C A In c lh 
7 
3' •• M E I 
CP 
5 
IOU M G I C lo 
IO 
7U Ma< AF 
6oh 2? 

34 
69 
W 
3 U 
TH 
3$ 
92 
42’ , 
35 
IV , 
2*4 
U U 
IV 3 
21*4 
IO H 
W U 
34U 
VU 
W U 
73 
89 
W U 
9o 
95'x x i i i 13V 
33 
77*o 

M ac Don 
4' * M a cke 
36 
I U M a rm ill 
5o 
U H M c m i p fl 2o 
76U M a ty 
I IO 
47’ . M a c y p f 
4 25 
V . M a d vF d 
7?e 
4 
M SG Cp 
A U M a g ic C t 
I I H M a llo ry 
TO 
M a l Hyde 

48 
18x764 

9 
RO 
7 
775 l l 1238 
442 
U 
.54 

- N 
4 
W H 
153 
1oo8 
44 

2 7 ', 
TV7. 
16*o 
31 
W a 
76' o 
U H 
33' 2 
16' o 
7U 
3o U 
U H 
3o7 o 
TU 
_ ( ) 
25 

32 
8 
I 13 
68 ll 
2o 
4 
M a l Hyde 
M a n ti in 
29 
M frH a n I 92 
„ 
32 a M A PC O I IO 14 
7U M a ra tM 
12c 
3 
M a ra tO ii 2 2o 
' 

327 
63 
934 
I 
JRO 
7 TO 
599 
19 
837 
98 
194 
29 
7oo2 
68? 
262 
_ 
1 1179 58 + 
134 
W H 

W H 
4o 
4+o 
17 
8 
5+o 
SU 
V , 
IR' , 
35 
5V , 
W U 
SU 
U+4 
3 3 ', 
737i 
SU 
3V , 
45+8 
U H 

12 1o48 
13 
6o1 
R 
2o5 l l 3792 
16 
466 

13o 
/VS 
.WO 
759 
1126 
174 
172 
36o 
357 
1o77 

WO 
18 
13 
35o 
5 
76 
4 119? 
W 2538 
R 7726 l l 
9x736 

13 
IS H 
SO l l 
54’ 4 
TOU 
25H 
IS*. 
TR' , 
?1H 
2o*8 
U U 
19 *4 
W U l l >4 
27’ , 
S '* 
TRH 
37+4 
J U 
32' v 
W U 
49U 

3 o '. 
W U 
T IU 
17 
U U 
W H 
51' , 
5 1 ', 
JOU 
2 5 ', 

IV rn 
26 + 
25 l l * 
12’ 

13'a M a re m t 
6o 
BU M a rM ld 
8o l l ' n M a rio n L 
52 
28' . M ar le y 
12o 
IO' ii M a rrie d 
2.51 
52' J M rs h M c L 
2 
16’ : M a rs h F I 24 l l 
561 
16'ii M a rtM a I 4o 
I 1836 
U U M a ry K a y 
4o 12 
111 l l 
M rld C u 
66h 
9 
W 
M a s ro C p 
28 l l 
17 
M a so n ite 
6o 13 
V U M a s M 
I lie 13 
16' ii M assy For la 3 
U U M asC p 
I AO 
IO' .- M ris ln c 
96c 
IV ii M a ts u E 
29c ll 
4 * . M a tte l 
5 
J IH M a y DSI I 12 
9 
24’ ii M a y c rO I 2o 11 
TU M a ys.lW 
3 ou M e v tg I 5oa 
13 
M c C o rd 
84 
377« Mc D or 
I 6o 
44',. Mc On Id 
IO 
U U Mc Don D 
5o 
13 +4 M r Dnnh 
VO 
71 +4 Mc G E d 
I 6o 
1 2 '. M c G rw tt 
8o 
2o+. M G H p f I 2o 
26' « M c Int y r 
I 
13'o M cK e e 
VO 
I9 U M cL e a n 
46 
W U Mc Lout 
12o 
V U M c N e il 
RO 
16+4 M ead Cp 
92 
35'a M ea pl AT NO 
36* . M ea p f ll? NO 
17 
M edusa 
I 6o 
W U M e lv ille 
V6 
V U Menasc. 
BO 
4 7 'H M e re s t r 
8o 
56' i M e rc k 
I SO W 2793 
IOU M e re d ith 
RO 
5 x49 
14' , M e r r I yn 
RO 
7 7187 
IV 
Mesa Pet 
IO 22 1553 
24' 1 M e sP pf I 6o 
6 
M esabi I ?Re 
W U M e sta 
I 5oc 
W H M G M lr 
15 
M e tro m 1 1o 
IS' ■ M tF p ie 3 9o 
73' 
M tE p l FR 12 
7o 
M tE pfG 7 68 
73' . M tE pf JR 12 
71 U M tE p h R W 
73 
M tE p t HR 32 
____ 
M irh G s I 2oh IO IRV 
M ic h The 
1 2o I 
MhWVi pf? 67 
M h W i pf? I? 
M ic rp w v 
4o l l 
. . M id C h 
I 16 
9 
IJ H M id S U t 
I JR 
I 
M id in d M 
IR' « M idlW o 
I 6o 
TO1 , M ili^ b h I TH 
V U M litB ra d 
6o 
7V , M inn G s I 72 
48' , M in M M 
I 7o 
W U M in n P I 
I 76 
II 
R 
_______ 
TTH M Pac C 
I AO 
TOU M o P tCc I AO 
VU M nP Sv lh 
24H M o p s pf 2 44 
47' i M o b il 
3 RO 
M o b il eM 
M ohdseo 
VO 
M o h k D la 
M oil k b 
I 2o 
M o i yep 
I 2o l l 1122 
M o ly p f 2 5o 
2 3 
M o n rh I 
2oa 
3 
31 
. 
. M o n og r 
?N 
6 W I 
ZU M o n r tq 
2o 25 UHS 
I i 
M otv.an 2 RO 
76+o M on D U J 4o 
2?'.. M o n P w I RO 
21'a Mewl! St t RO# 
7 U M O N Y 
96c 
29 U M o o rc M 
I 
5o 
M o rg a n 
J 
IN 
M o rrK n u 
I IO 
5x 196 25'a 
IO U M orse Sh 
5o 
4 237 
I I H 
7 H M fg Tr A m 
W I 
A U 
U U M o rN o r 
BR xU 5 6 71H 
A IU M o to ro la 
84 15 
1593 
46*4 
JOU M U UCI 
7 
11*589 
4 j*a 
IV 
M is t 3 el 
IIM 
1ox 137 
27U 
I 
M u n fo rd 
4o 
5 
5+8 M u n fd |d 
4o 
14 +4 M u n sng I OS IO 
IA U M o rp h ? I TO 
7 
M a m f 
AO 
I 
I 2o 
I 
I J? 
4o 

125 
1o66 
21 
571 
274 
9 759o 
JA 
7 
68o 
R 
649 
I 
128 
A 
JA 
. 
17x6437 51+8 
_ . . . . 
8 
224 
T IU 
M lr r o A I 96 l l x 38 
U U 
M is s n F q 
AR 
R 
746 
W H 

24U 
7o*o 
JOH 
1ox3861 W H 
14 
TR’ 1 
78 / 233o 
6 
HI 
R 
37 
11x159 
6 x 3 5 
5 1543 
3o 
47 
7 
155 
U 
615 
„ . 
8x1953 73*8 
9 
W7 
43 *8 
58 'N 
W H 
T IU 
36’ , 
37U 
IO ', 
27U 
W U 
IO U 
43 
VO 
84 
94 
97’ , 
93’ , 
17' , 
73’ , 
T V . 
TSU 
23’ , r n , 
W U 
11 7 
JOH 
76'a 
W U 
23+ 

231 
1 
ZBB 
1 
58 
’ 
651 
I 
437 
73oo 
{HO 
/IOO 
7 3oo 
I WvO 
ZITO 

6 URS 
9 
41 
R 
172 
58 
I 3195 
ISS 
J 
248 
23 1o26 
W 

46'o 
78H 
W U 
76+4 
65 H 
3' , 
W U 
I *o 
77' , 
4 ZU 
55 
25*o 
U U x - n u 
7x 3o45 76U 
8 
U3 
W H 
1o 139o 
UR n 
I va 
5 i n 
11 1467 

75U 
23 U 
IO U 
43 , 
55 + 

37 

TW 
36 
74 
59 
31)o 
123 x7R 
143 

IO 

IA U M u rp Q il 
IT H M u rry O 
U U M u h O m 

N C w C p 
RO IO I?JR 
N L m d 
I 2o 
9 23 4 7 
NL Ind *vl 
2 
N L TCp 
64 
I 1o55 
N V I 
J 45t 
I 
JU 
N a h iv o I 5? IO 
7oS 
N a k o Ch 
96 
15x 486 
N a rco S cl 
Au 
8 
AS 
Na sh ga C 
68 
N a ! A irl 
5o 
N A v ia lie 
N et Can 
57 
NCan p f I 5o 
N tlC h e m 
JR 
N IC ity L 
45e 
N a tD e tr I 52 
N a 'D is t I ti) 
N D is t pf 4 25 
N a if G 
2 W 
N IF O pt 7 3o 
N a tG y p I OS 
J U N a t Mom 
SU N a 'Ind 
3o 
N I Itrci p fl TS 
\i 
N M n e r r l a N M .d E ad 
15' a N M ineS v 
5o 
IR 
N rttP rs tn 
2 in u N tS e m k 
V U N S v c ln d 
I? 
IT'o N S tand 
I o4 
I 
N S ia rrh I OB 13 
N a tlS h 
J 5o 
IO 
J*« N at le a 
72' • N a to m a I 4o 
5 
N e ptu ne 
AO IO 
Nev Par 
I AO 
5 
N e vP pf I t i 
N e v P pl2 JO 
N e vP p l I 95 
N t n fiF I I RA 
NE rid I. 
I IA 
N E O p l9 RO 
N E n P p f? It 
NE n o t 
J AO IO 
N Y S E G 2 4o 
8 
NYSE p l j 75 
N Y S E pfR RO 
N Y S E p f? 12 
N e w h a ll 
SA IO 
N e v rm t t AO <4> 
N w i " p l 4 5o 
N ia M P 
I 24 
* 

1o.415 
IV 
4 AR 
193 
5 
556 
3o 
IT 
37/ 
I 
RO 
6 
196 
I 
851 
73o 
6 
89 
635 
929 
WI 
4 
1R5 
IO 
14 765 
6. 66H 
13x224 
I 
JU 
IR 7126 

6V . 

N ia M p f 
N 'rtM p ! 
N d M p t 
N iA M p t 
N trtM p f 4 RS 
'# M p f 

4o 
J 6o 
3 AO 
4 IO 

I* 7 
1o8 
177 
588 
JI 
U9o 
75 
IT? 
725o 
7615o 
W 
9 
571 
I 
1o1 
. . 
<4o1o 1o6 
74 l l 
NR 
3$ 
7|4 
79 
/SO 
4? 
13oo 1o1 
U 
75 
IJJ 
17 
45o 
J I' x U 
84 
1639 
14 

‘,1% 

6 ‘ o 
W U 
W U 
JOU 
TOU 
W H 
IO U 
37- , 
23 H 
77U 
73H 
8 
49' 4 
17+4 
14 
18 
’ ? 
W H 
I I H 
74*4 
I I H 
9 H 
78 
2 4 ', 
71H 
TV 
267 • 
W H 
4< , 
I 
14 
76 * . 
15*4 
27 'a 
54*4 
T IU 
15 

49' 

4 IU 
2o+4 
71". 
IV I 
74’ , 
71H 
77' 1 
14 

 r IOO 
137o 
/RO 

4 V . 
43-1 

32H 
67-H 
18’ , 
3 U 
7*4 
33', 
97 
41' , 
34+4 
W U 
2 H 
13’ . 
IV 
21' / 
VU 
W H 
33’ o 
9 
15*o 
T IU 
89 
IR 
9o 
93 
WR 
JI'a 
J I'. 
27+» 
IS H 
29*o 
U U 
25' a 
W U 
31*o 
15', 
7*4 
79 n u 
29’ 4 
6+4 

 n u 
•WU 
4*o 
W U 
? u 
SU 
6 
9 
W U 
34U 
5V .• 
12 
SU 
1o+, 
33 
23’ a 
RU 
JR 5o 
4o + , 
U U 
56’ J 
W 
I I H 
145o 
4RH 
IOU 
54 
19*8 
24*8 
14*4 
27+a 
TO'. 
W H 
U H 
IR’ , 
W H 
IV , 
72' 4 
SH 
J IH 
3 * ', 
3 
J IH 
IS H i i 
4 5 ', 
77*8 
7 o 'o 
79*1, 
W U 
28 
79 
W U 
73'o 
1 6 ', 
1 1U 
IR7. 
4 V . 
49*. 
79’ , 
7 4", 
J IH 
43 
56*4 
W +o 
W U 
35 
3 5 ', 
VU 
75 H 
17*. 
TV 
43 
BR", 
84 
94 
BR 
VI 
W U 
27 H 
TRH 
25 
T IU 
W H 
16' a 
I U 
2V , 
25 
17 
73 
4 IU 
TOH 
U U 
W U 
43U 
TRU 
IS * # 
7 6 ', 
63 H 
J *. 
W U 
6+4 
72 
42 U 
52 
24U u u 
IO U 
74 
JR U 
M U 
72 H 
IO U 
41H 
5JU 
73H 
I V . 
4 
2o 
43*, 
R IH 
76 H 
BU 
SU 
17*8 
I I H 
26 *o 
W H 
W' , 
VU 
W U 
71 
77U 
U h v , 
48' o 
37 
U H 
W U nu is 
IT '. 
2 3 ', l l 
VU 
J I ', n 
7 IH 
M U 
76U 
16 
4' a 
6+4 
U H 
2SU 
U + 4 
71 4 
S I1 / 
19 H 
U U l l * . 
47*. 
47' > 
4U 
4oU 
T O U 
R H l f 
74 
71H 
T I U 
W H 
IoSH 
JOH 
JA H 
TR a 

 s o l*: 
74*4 is 
76 r 
83 
14*8 
JI 
39’ » 
43", 

1*4 

1*8 

33 
6 8 U 4 
W H 
3*4 
T H A 
34 
— 
92 
4 
42 
— 
34" * — 
W U - 
7+o 
137a A 
W a t 
21* . 
1o*8 4 
W U 4 
34 
. 
V a - 
IS H — l l 
R9 
+ 
18 U . 
9o 
— 
93 
17V 
4 
27' o 
2 ?H 4 
77 5o 
IS H ♦ 
795o 
15*o 
TSH - 
U U — 
315o- 
1 5 U - 
7 U 
3o' a I l l 't r ­ io ' a 4 
I 

 n u - 
3 7 '* 
4 ',. 
W H • 
7 U . 
SU - 
6 'o ♦ 
W a 
IR' ,4 
34*. 
51*, 
W U ♦ 
5*o 4 
IO' , - 
33' a - 
73’ a J 
RU 
.39 
A 
AV 
13*6 
S6' , - 
W 
A 
U U t 
U 'a t 
4V 4— 
IO U 
SAU 
TO f 
74*o 
U H 
27H A 
TOU 
3o 
4 
U H 
IV l l 
4 l l * . 4 l l ' . 
SU 
27 H 
3 7 '. 4 
3 
- 
32' a - 
W + 4 i i 
- 
46'4 4 
J IH 
2o*o4 
JO' o t w u 
7R 
A 
TV ’ n 
JA’ a - 
73'o 
' a 
W H 4 
*4 
U U 
' a 
19*8 4 
>, 
SI 
SI 
79U 4 
*8 
75’ a 4 
>4 
23 
I 
U 
43 
57*o 
I +4 
I V a t 
>4 
TO 
- 
H 
36 t 
H 
3 6 'o t 
+o 
1o*o4 
*o 
27*84 
*o 
IR1. 4 u 
29U 4 
U 
Al 
BR' , 
' , 
84 
JU 
94 
— 
U 
91 
- 
*o 
VI 
- 
7 
W H 4 
I 
77’ . 
U 
TV". 4 
*8 
TSU 
U 
2 3 ', * 
U 
W U u 
W U 4 
' 8 
I *» + 
U 
TV H 
I 
25' a 
' , 
17 
73 
SOU 4 
2 
71 
*4 l i t e — 
H 
W U 
AAU 
1*4 
2 8", 4 
'-a 
IS * . 
'o 
I t ' , 
> . 
AAH 4 
U 
J U u 
IA U 
*. t ' t 
* , 
77U 
' . 
4 7U 4 AU 

'N 

SA*; 
25*o I 
14*4 4 
IO7. 
74H 
3V , 
7SU I 
73 
4 
1oH 4 
AIU t 
SA 
4 
TAH 4 n u a 
7o+4 
AAU o u t 
76H 
V . 4 
6*o 4 
WH 
IV 
4 
26' » 
TOH I 
16' t 
IO 
JA7. * 
72' a 
??U 
IJ H 
T U ­ 
RA--, 
37 a * 
U U 
18 
4 
UH 
IS 
13 
4 
74' J ♦ 
W H 4 
VU 4 
JI > 4 
24 
71H 
78 U 
26 1 
IA U 4 
AH 4 
AU 
14 
75*o 4 
13*. 
2?U 4 
51+4 
WU 
U H 4 l l * . 

4! 
- 
7o", 
IJ H 
19 , 
74'4 I 
?1U ' 
TTH I 
W H 
1o6 
- 
JI 
- 
35 
- 
TRH 
ATU 
M D ', 
I i 
16 
JA H * 
A3 
< 
14' , 
37 
- 
ROU - 
43* rn 
AAU * 
SS 

 i t i N ia M p f 
A IO 
<24o 
68 a 
o4 
N ia M p t l l TS 
I W + 4 is 
4 N ia M p i 
IO AO 
<15o UT 
N ia M pf 7 >7 
RA , 
N 1 * / Shr 
Vie 
99 
U H a NI cor 
I W 
I 
166 
TRU 
.N IC O T pl 1 RI) 
19 
TRH 
4 No, IW tn 
IIJ I 
JOU 
14 , N o rn n 
I TS 
W H 
4 N o r/ J 
A 
776 i i ' 1 
I 
No AC gel 
9o 
9 
49 
J o N o A M ’ g 
IR a No A f'h i 
I X 
8 
794 
JSU 
7 « N o '-A ir 
We 
679 
4 a NOC - A ir 
I? 
I U a No,o1 Ut 
1 o? 
8 IWS 
IV , 
N ln d P S 
I 44 
I 
497 
•MU a Nor N G * 
I 
475 i i 'n 

74* 

 l l 
'N 
I? 
175 
26’ 
• l l * f 
•J 
TA' 
I 
^9* 
I 
47' 

1o 
NONG p f S w ^ ^ H 
79 
NONG pW 8 
Z l| 
VS 
NONG p ts RA 
23* t No St Par I 94 aa 
NSPxy p l* (M 
45*o N S M * p f4 IR 
SO , NSPry pf A SA to; , N S I' p f lo 36 
NA 
N SPI* p l 7 RA vs , N LP ar p t l AO 
11 
N S P w p l 
I 
25' , Nor ta i 
64 
J ’ # N o rth g a te '■ 
IJ H N o rth rp 
J IO WM 
Ti 
N yvatA .rl 
AS l l WW 
A IU N w Bn* 
I 97 IO 
298 
■ 
Abet C o r 
J la in 
N a t t e r r t? 
N * f m d 
2 25 
N vxyhnd ar* 
N a .tin p l4 2o 
Nvxtp pf? JC 
N w M L *# 
Se l l 
Nxx'StW I 2o I? 
N o rto n 
I RO 
* 
17•» Nor Sim 
Urn 
JR U Nor 15 Pl i i i 
>4 1 N u co rC p 
JJ 
9+8 OK c e p 
I 26 
ZU O ak In d 
46 
I? « Oek teP 
1 
U / O c n R R K 
I 
S+8 O ct d P » ' art 
26 4 O c c tp p i7 W 
AA 
O c c ip P IJ AO 
47 +4 O cciP p l 
4 
TO +a o *c P p f 2 SO 
H U O gden 
I JO 
A t 
TS +a O sdn p l I AZ 
IA H Oh ic i d 
I Zo 
Ak I O f 1 Art pf i 9o 
A ah o * »<! p ix AO 
Al 
Oh I d p l A 44 
Aft'. Oh Cd p f A 56 
IO 
Or I d pfZ 24 
HOM 
U U Or r d p fZ JA 
ISM 
•O 
Q h K d p f ! TC fSO 
. . 
>o}+ o Ob i d p l to 68 
{114o133 
IO) 
Of, i d p f to It 
I w i l l I t rV » O f Pat pfR OR t m 
A l 
ATU O P A ,if« * IO 
. I M 
RA 

D V 
AA' 

79 
TA* 
S ' 
W 
45* 

I U n u 
W U 
RSU 
•S H 
A t' 

I U ' 
RA* 

Stock Symbols 

Sale* fig u re s are u n o ffic ia l 
U n le s s o th e rw is e n o te d ,r a te s o fd lv id e n d s ln th e fo r e going ta b le a re annual d is b u rs e m e n ts based on thetas* q u a rte rly or sem i a nn ua l d e c la ra tio n 
Special or e x tra d ivid en d s o r p aym en ts not d esig n ate d as re g u la r a re id e n tifie d in the fo llo w in g footnotes a 
Also e x tra or e x tra s b 
A nnual ra te plus stock d ivid e n d c 
L iq u id a tin g d iv id e n d e 
D e cla re d or paid in p re ced in g 
I? m onths 
1 
D e cla re do r p a id a fte rs to rk d iv id e n d o s p l i t u p i 
P a id th ls y e a r ,di v id e n d o m ltte d , d e fe rre d o r no action take n af last d iv id e n d m e e ting k 
D e cla re d o r p aid th is y e a r, an a c c u m u la tiv e issue w ith d lv id e n d s ln a rre a rs n 
New issue r 
D e cla re d or pa id I np re c e d in g U m o n th s p i u s s to c k d l v id e n d * 
P a id in stock in p re ced in g 12 m onths, e s tim a te d cash value on ex d iv id e n d o r ex d is trib u tio n d ate 
» 
E x d iv id t» n d or ex rig h ts y 
E x d iv id e n d and sales rn lu ll r 
Sales in fu ll cid -C a lle d wd 
W hen d is trib u te d WI 
W hen issued w w 
W ith w a rra n ts xw 
W ith o ut w a rra n ts x d ls 
Ex d is trib u tio n v j- In b a n k ru p tc y or rec el v e rs h ip o rb e in g tp o r q a n t/,'cj under the B a n k ru p tc y A ct. or s e c u ritie s assum ed by such com panies 
W here .1 s p lit or stock d iv id e n d a m o u n tin g to 75 per ent or m o re has been p aid the y e a r's high lo w ra n ge and d iv id e n d a re shown fo r the new stock o nly 

Yearly 
High low 
13V , 117' , CPW p tA U 
O P w p f F U 
O Pw ptER AR 
O P w jd D ; 76 

 r n 
94U 
Vt' 
73’ , 
I I H 
ATU 
45’ o 
37’ 1. 
IS* , 
TO +4 
13*4 
16 . 
IS H 
36' ; 
TV •• 
24 7 8 
79' J 
6 6 U 
A IU 
VR 

116 
76’ . 
69 
WU 
Q klrtG F 
I 4R IO 739R 
IO 
Ok I GF pf RO 
.MU O kla N G 
J 
JO' a OI inCp 
I 5o 
76' o OI Ink rf t I IO 
9 U O m a rk 
72 
9 
O n e id a 
84 
13 
O p e lika 
RA 
13 
O ra n P k I .la 
AU O range 
7ob 
71 *o O u ’ M a r 
I 4o 
IT H O utle t Co 
RO 
W 'o O v e rn ltT 
9o 
IOU O ver Sh 
Hlb 
4? 
O wenCn 
I 
5o 
O wen 111 
J I? 
O w n ll p f4 75 

S ale* 
N et 
(hdx ) H ig h lo w la s t Chg 
<123o 129’ , 128 
178'4 
1*. 
754o HO 
128’ , 128' 7 
IU 
<1oo 
93” , 
171 
H7U 
1R5o 
176o 
U U 
I 
321 AO', 
I 
799 39U 
9 
766 36 
8 
7o9 15’ o 
8 XRS 
TOH 
IJ H 
IS’ I 
RU 
76U 
21*o 
7o' , 
78 
AA 'o 
62*8 
64' , 4 
2 'n 

J IH 
16’ o O x frd ln d 
+6 

I 
45 
A 
3*9 
15 
367 
I 
W I 
7 
158 
7 
34 
6x6o2 
13 
BJV 
Ax 1 147 53’ x U 
RU 
6 
IDI 
75> 

93 
85 H 
W U l l 
37 *4 
.19' o 
15*. 
14' , 
19*o n u 
U U 
J' > 
25'a 
TOU 
TOU 
26 
62 *o 
STH 
RA 
245# 

128' 
128' , 
93’ , 
8 6 *. ♦ 
18’ , ll 
38*o 
39' , * 
.15’ 4 
IA U 
1 9 'o 
13' . ♦ 
IS H 
7+8 
25 H 4 
T IU 
TO' o 
76 
4 
64' , 4 
5?+. + 
86 
25’ , ♦ 

U H 
74 *H 
7o 
.19’ n 
33' 4 
24' 4 
W H 
B? 
16*h 
I? U 
17' , 
11'H 
8' , 
IH 
4 9U 
16*o 
71' o 
37 'o 
36' 1 
16U 
U U 
73'o 
TAU 
6 7o 
6 o '. 
77' I 
55 
56 
>o ? 
97 
116 
L U U 
92' , 
VV , 
J I H 
5 6 '. 
27’ , 
35 
45 
VN n u 
SO' I 
87’ 1 
27' , 
37’ , r n , 
17 w u 
RO 
TRU 
79 
J IH 

87*4 
IOO 
RVI. 
1o7 
1o5 
BV 
R6' 1 
U +, 
63U 

17*o 
73U 
IR' , 

I * - < 1 
I t 
AO IR 
149 
2 TO 
7x84o 
12o x 191 
4711 
MVO 
735 
246 
7537 
47o 
<23o 

726 
VU 
IOU 
IRR? 

BH 
SJH 
9 
H U 
74' 4 
W H 
357 o 
TRH 
23 
IB *4 
HO 
14*o 
ZU 
15*o 
115o 
45o 
4 U 

SU f ’ N llM k i i 
P P G Ind 
S' / PSA 
Inc 
IT' j Pac AS 
I 24 
TO 
Pac G E 
7 
8 
W U P a d ig 
I 68 
I 
?6 'n P a c L rn 
1 4o 15 
2 4 ', P a c P o trl 
86 
9 
TO 
Pac PW 
I RO 
9 
L IU P a t TT 
I 4o 
9 
7?' 7 Pac T T p f 6 
RU Pac T in 
RO 13 x95 
5 'h P aine W 
4Se 
3 
744 
12’ o P aiW pf I WI 
4*4 P alm Be 
5o 
3*o P a m id a 
I? 
4*h P anA m 
79 *o P a n E PT 3o Rx 1o52 4 4 *. 
R 
P a pr e ft 
ROP 
R 
179 
IS H 
1 2', P a rg <!5 lh 9 
W H P a rk p r lo c 9 
21*. P al Man 
I TO I 
H U P a rk Pen 
4H R 
7'a P a trk P 1 
TSI IS 
16' 1 P a y ls n w 
4o R 
U 5o Peabody 
2o 12 
I U Pen D ix 
74b 
H U P enney 
I TR l l 7R45 
1V H Pa Pw L l I RO 
8 
497 
44 7 o P a P t pf 4 4o 
Pa P l p it SO p f H 6o 
PIR 4o p f l l pf U pf 
R pfR /ll 

R7 
P rtP l 
ROU Pa P l 
IO?' , P a P l 
11?'. P a P I l l 
P a P l 

IV . 
7oU 
7511 
.14 'i 
U 7. 
36 
JR 
IV . 

IR' , 
147 8 
355n 
ISH 
U U 
TOU 
73’ n 
SU 
4?U iv: ss 
719o 1o2 
137o 
95’ , 
/7 /1 o 116 
<41o 133*4 
167o 
VI 

324 
147 xR I 
175 
477 
37 
67o 
T U 

7 29o 
732o 

P a P l pfR 7o 
735o 
Penn w it I 6o 
9 
235 
Pen WI p f 2 SO 
5 
P enw l p f l 6o 
41 
P onnzol I 4o 
R 1168 
P en n / p fl l l 
8 
P en n / p l RH 
/56o 
SH Poop O r g 
TO 
8 >57 
U +. PenpGs 3 4o 
7 
6o8 
69 U Pepsi Co 
J U 1o17 
W H P erk E lm 
37 17 
464 
73*o Pet in t 
I 6o 
H 
42? 
13' o Pet Inc p f RO 
14 
115. P el Inc p f I 
W 
!O ’ o Peter Pl 
HOa 
R 
SR 
63' . P e trie 
I 6oa W 
1o1 
P e rm ia n 
7? 
8 
533 
P etr Im 7 Ale 
VZ 
P fizer 
RH 
17 2377 
P h e ip D 
J to irx i9?o JR 
P b ila E I 
I 6-t 
9 1196 
IR’ 
P h llE pf 3 RO 
FY11IE p t4 3o 
P h llE pf 4 4o pf 4 AR 
Pf 
7 
PIR 75 
Id 7 HS 
PIV ST 

VV , 
I I H 
I V . 
26 "4 
H ’ , 
42' , 
94 
IOU 
4A7 o 
74' o 
IR’ , 
32' , 
17' , l l 
W U 
75 
TA 
26' a 
J IH 

 iJ ’ 
7 34o 
724o 
742o 
IV 
/IO 57 
712o 
HO 
797o 
97 
175o 
HR 
/TOO 1o6 
7574o 1o5 
7674o 
H7 
ZUO B t 
'Al 

45' 8 
14 
74U 
23 >« 
75 
J IH 
117 
7VH 
M 1 t 
16 
44 
53 
4V / 
61 *4 
67' , 
15 
IR' , 
•OOH 
W U 

W H 
76 >« 
J IH 

Ph 111 
P h il* 
78 
P hllE 
TO 
P h ilt 
96 
Phi IE 
R4' I P h lir 
PIV SO 
69 7o Phi IE ptZ RO 
66' I F 'h ilE pf 7 75 
W H P h ilaS u b 
RO 
49". PhllAAnr I to I? 1591 
J U f* h llln d 
o5e 
IO 
/BJ 
A U 
P h il Ind p l 
9 
49' , l+ tn llP U I RO l l 7o54 
7 H P tiillV n M 
AO 
R 
43 
U U P ic k w ic k 
3? t i 
49o 
IS 
P ie dN G t 44 
R . I ? 
4 ', P ie r U m p 
B 
435 
JJU 
P llls b ry I 16 12 U34 
27+o P ignet 
I 44 
9o HO 
)4 "4 P in n e r E I 
13 
41 l l ' / P itn e y It 
RO l l W U 
17’ o P ittF rg not! 
A 
J? 
JI 
P itts tn 
TOU P t/ie H t 
J 
P la n!* sc 
27. P la yb o y 
R U Pl esse y 
117 o P neum o 
31'a P o la ro id 
A 
P ondrnsa 
15*» Pope Tat 
W U F'oritic 
AA 
P o rtr p f 
16*o P ort OE t TO 
1o2 
P o rt, p i l l JO 
76*. Po, G p f 7 IO 
32 
P otltch l l +4 P o tm E I 
I 28 
J I 
Pot El pf? 44 
4J 
P ot El p M SO 
4o 
Po 1EI pf4 o4 
37U POI El pf 5 46 
S3’ / POIEI p ts 5o 
IO *. P re m ie r 
48 
P re rn r p l 9o 

7858 
AVA 
59o 
187 
VA 
356 

BJ’ , 
W U 
J J 7-. 
7+4 
W+4 
6 o*o l l +4 
TOH r n , 
I'm 
I V o 
W U 
IJ 
WV« 
77 
IJ H 
72+/ la 
o9« 
9 
I 
W U lie 
I 
* 
S ■ 
YI 
16 47H4 
36 
798 
RO 16 
INV 
BO 
IO 
139 
5 JO r AO 
8 1659 
7 189o UA 
IS 
TA*, 
I? 
1o8 
IA U 
9x I JO J IJ H 
T 
ATU 
/ISO 
52 
1.11oo 
47+, 
<163o 
JR 
<36o 
6o 

1o*4 
I V 4 
357 o 
6+o 
19H 
72 H 
I i 
TOH 

8 ' 8 
S IU 
8*a 
14*4 
73H 
W U 
35 
78 
7V , 
W U 
79 
12’ , 
ZU 
14+o 
9+a 
4> o 
4' / 
43 
IS H 
1 7 *o 
137 o 
34 H rn > 
17’ , 
7o*o 
77H 
5+a 
41 >4 
72 
52 
54 
ICI 
9 4 ", 
112*o ll? 
VO 
VR’ 4 
W U 
49 
TSU 
IT H 
AV , 
94 
V U 
45 
71*o 
IR 
IO *. 
W H 
W U 
U H 
72+4 
75' , 
2SU 
VAH 
37 
W U 
42'> 
AS 
ABU 
57 
AO*7, 
9 5 ", 
RA", 
1o5' / 
1o1U 
NA 
RAH 
W U 
SJU 
A U 
11 ’ a 
59 
IO7# 
19*o 
17 
A' / 
IR'a 
IS 
IAU 
W U 
21' a 
34+a 
T IU 
J U 
7’ , 
IOU 
W H 
I I H 
6 
I I H 
T IU 
7 J ", 
18*o n j 
TAU 
J J ", 
IA H 
41 
52 

RI *4 P ro / tr 
R U P ro dH sh 
77 
P ro le , 
I 4o 
14' , 
PU, (O I 
I 46 
24+a PSC OI pf? IO 
J I H P S v c ln 
IV ? 
IV 
PS Ind pf ) JO 
U H PSInd p l I o4 
1o3 *o P S Ind p f9 44 
IOO o P SInd piR J2 
W H P S v N tt 
I DR 
75' , P AN N p l? 75 
W U PSvNM I 56 
W H P U ,EG 
I RO 
U , PSE G p f I AO 
RC a P S K , p f 4 OR 
Kl 
P '.f *, p f4 IR 
41 
P SI (. p f 4 JO 
52 
PSI (, pts TA 
TAU PSEC, PIJ XI 
25 
P S E G pf? 43 
I I I ' , PSI p l t? 75 
75 
P S E C p l/ TO 
76 
PSE G p f 7 RO 
It , psf G pfR OR 
ZI / PJK, p f7 J7 
6R+4 PSE G p f 7 4fl 
94' , PSE <• pfV A? 
4 
P u h i / aer 
2 U P u e b lo 
T ' t P H Cern 
75*o Pug SPI. ■ 
P ull m n 
P o* ex 
P u re * p t l J lr, t 

 to IJ WIT 

RU 4 
53 *o . 
NU 
W U » 
73U 
W U 
35'o 
78*o 
TV*. 
IR’ , * 
79* i i 
U U » 
ZU - 
IS 
I n u t 
4 * o r 
4* 4 
4 4U * 
I 
IS ’ / 
18*o 
. n u 
34 *4 4 
14' , 
W U 
7o*o 
77'. i'm 
47H 
JJU 
5 2 '. 
54 
1o1 
I 
94' , , 
IU 
113 t 
9o' , f 
VV / ♦ 
3 7 *4 
49 
76 
33H + 
Af'-a— 
94 
9+4 
46U t 
7 3 U f 
W 
J I t 
W U * 
17 
I 
I U . 
77+a 
75*. + 
TAU 
767 a 
J J U t 
IR 
4 
4 7", 
48 
48' , 
5? 
RO' , - 
97 
BZ 
- 
1o5' , 
1o4". ♦ 
BZ 
I 
RS 
* 
16*4 * 
55'/,+ 
I 
4 
U ’ a 
59 H l l 
19H 
17 
7+o 4 
.IR", 
IS H — 
14H 
W* » 
71+4 
34V, 4 
22 
3+. 
Z U 
IO' , 
18+a t 
35*o t 
A1 a 
W U 4 
2 1U 4 
75 
* 
N u ­ ns 
M U ­ 
IR *, t 
IA H 
41 
S3 
4 
47 + , 4 
57U - 
W H E 
W H t 
W U 4 
• 2 * 4 4 
U U 4 
7 9 H 

1 *1. 

2+a 
I k 

 iJ U O 
TV' 
JIO 
T il 
RAS 
H* 
14 
IT* 
ZUO 49 tto 
SO 
<1oo s i 
I to t i ' 
AO ai*. 
JA 
?• 
791o TIO* 
714o 
9o 
IAT 
93' 
794o 
94 
111 9o 
IM 
M V 
/79o 1o9 
U A 
SM 
47! 
IU t 
J+ 
7o) 
J it 
I 17 I? XU* 
IS 
" 
9 
76o 
19V 
I 
TS 
S 
W7 
J*/ 
9 
173 
IV 
1o 1W9 
24+- 
R 64 
7294o HT 
14 
499 
2o" to 
WO 
I 
I W 3574 ■ 
JO 
<19o 
4 
TS 
TR W UA 
4o t i 34R7 
Ole 
1o31 t i 
8x 826 
AW 

34' , 
AZ *o 
23 
SH 
U U 
72' / 
IR /. 
It 

VR 

IXO 3o»+, 3 o }'/ 
IOT", 
I 
IV * 
9 
6/7 
TRH 
TA l l 
- 
H 
IMO 
53 
SI 
St 
+ 7 
71H 
<55o 
52 
5V 1 l f 
_ 1 
2:l 4;-4 
.. 768o 
56 » 
56 / 
SRU 4 I U 
14 1B 
IWO 
H I U 
H A U ll?11 4 2 
. i m 
97' , 
97' * 
4 
’ , 
Z$H 
<83o 
WSH 
WAH 
«o4H 
% 
V '4 
<W M 
ATU 
ARU ll'? 
I'm l4:,4 
IO 
TOR 
TRH 
M U 
S t,/4 f% 
'i 
AO 
4 *. 
4*o 
#• t 
*4 
Ii* * 

75 

JI I 
I 1o77 
44 

3o 
1)1 
4 
J 412 
I IJR? 

7 f t 
I 
W5 
1ox143 
IO x TV 
W 6633 
AH 
JOI 
W I 

781 
MIO 
IW OMS 

25 *o 
ST 
M U 
JR 
S T H 
M u 
UR 
TA 
U U 
2* 'a 
>9 
W H 
Al 

W U 
I I H 
W a 
TSU 
13 
J9U 
TRH 
TA . 
J IH 

& 
AAV, 
S r , 
P * , 
IAH 
A4U 
RAH 
♦ I U 

AAU 
TAH 
SO 
IJ H 
34 
SO 4 
I 77 ■ 

JAH 
SO 
JR"* ' 
JSH * 
5o+ a 
I TLH 
I U U I W +o 

J *o 

W 
IR 
J 
Em i i n P i M 
23U P u t o u r 
I I? 
2 o 7« Q uakO et 
VZ 
56 / Q oaO p l 
J 
o3 
OudO p f 9 56 
IS 
Q«i<ik SIO 
78 
J' 4 Ooe- to r 
OSr 
IR7. RCA 
I 
IR a RC A pt 
I SO 
S? 
I,C A pf 
4 f * t R T I 
2R 
IS' > R a K P u r 
J' a R em a de 
7 
R e n /o ln 
64 
I 
R a pid Am 
IR' , Map A p f? » 
24 u R ap A p f 
J 
26'o N a /b a t I SOh 
IS1 4 R e y m n d I 2o 
4 4 * 4 R e ythn 
I 2o 
U U Head Bet 
RO 
2* , Madm an 
R U ReeceCp 
74 
IR '* Heave1, ti I 44 
H H R e tth C h 
I i 
I 
Mel idbS I 
AR 
IR 
M e lln E l 
I Kl 
SI* 1 Mel El pf 
I 
34 
R e li t pf I AO 
A 
M cllnG p 
I? 
H elG p p f SS6 i ' / MwlGji p l as. 
TS 
H e llo pf 2 AR 
A' 1 R e p u b C p 
I 
IO 
M e p fm S 
Rh 
I 
H e p M 'g l f rn H e p ',ti 
I RO 
27 * . Hep I ex 
I 2o 
ZU R e w O 'l 
2o 

P eyton 
9o 
IS IWZ 
M ext. a m 
AO 
7 
SJ7 p itr .r o 
I 44 
7 
W I 
Mexn p l 2 JR 
7 
Reyntn ) x 
9 JI/? 
M eyln pl? ?S 
A 
M e ,M e * I X 
9 I SRI 
R e /M p l4 JO 
257 
R e /M p f? JI 
I 
R e/r.S e 
4oa 
A 
712 
M> ch CO 
I 
7x111 
HiChAAer 
7o IO 
4JJ 
R 'c h m n d 
I IO 199o 
M ieoeiT I » 
J 
1o4 
M .o u r em to 
RioGc p f RO 
M d, A id 
24 
Mot db a LIO 
M oorier, 
13o 
Mob. na 
12 
Roc hG I M f! 
R orh t i 
8|a 
Hor kow r 
76 
Roc k aret 2 X 
R I tn t pf 4 75 

Bohr m g 
B ol I in t 
)6 

2o*' 

49f 
JOI 
W SRZ 
A 273 
Ax 1o4 
Un IIJI 
A 
174 
I 
167 
J 
I AA 
9x655 

 l l 

I i i 
W H 
JO 
JAH 
IR 
TOH 
23 
16*. 
W H i f 
J*' a 

Z n 
W H 
ZI 
TI 
IA H 
41 
JO 
AA / 

H * i 
54 
•4 
Aah f l u 
I D U 
HA 
AA 
Ar 

JI 
I J H 
28 
M u * 
W+4 
Al 
♦ 
I t 
♦ 
IT 
U H * 
W u » 
TAU 
W H 
39+a. 
I I H 
I t I t 
P ' 1 * 
JOH1 
43 t i 
JOH 1 
AR' t I 
I t » f l u u 
IA U . 
RAU 
Y IH 
112+4 
IM t i 
< 
Ar 

I 4o 

S *lfr« a y 7 X 
IO. WSO 4 9*. 
SoudCp 
IR 7 
VIJ 
I I H 
St JoM n 
1 X W 
ATI l r , 
S tJ o L tV 
I IT 9 
76 
U U 
StLSaF 
2 5o 
9x154 
IA U 
StRauW 
«Ra 
IAI 
W H 
S tR xgF 
I RA 9 7U2 JI 
SaM a nt 
74b J 
WA 
4+» 
S am bo* 
AA 9 
IWO W H 
SD>»G f 
I JO I 
TJJ IA U 
S judi-M 
99* A 
64 
9+8 
1 la n d e r * 
IJ u t 
U 'a 

( u ii l l n im * t i l I 'd u r 121. 

■ 
; 
' ' ' ' 
C o m p l e t e n a t i o n w i d e e o m p o s l t e p r l e e s 

E x c l u s i v e i n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

 a b c 
; 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
T ra d in g to r the w eek in A m e ric a n 
Stock E xcha n ge issues: 
Y e a rly 
Sales 
H ig h to w 
(b d s.) H ig h to w 
52 
6+4 
6 
8 ' 7 
4 
A 
E P U 
4 
U * j 
7 
A A R C o 
36 
7 
8 *4 
4 N AAVCOS 
32 
5 
9*o 
6+8 A P S ln c 
25 
7 
U U 
8 N 
A SP RO 
56 
6 
1*8 
*o A T I Inc 
16*. 
8 
A VC Cp 
4o 
’ 4 
13* ? 
8 ‘ a 
4 N 
5 N 
A V XCp 
A b rd M f 
25e 
4ob 
8 
13 
2 
I 
A rm e H m 
2 H 
1*o 
A c m e P r 
5 
9’ a 
4+s A c tio n 
28 
6 
4 *4 
IU 
A cton Cp 
13 
5*h 
7 
A d a m Rs 
8 
U N 
9+8 A dobeO il 
.16 
22 
2 
I 
A egisC p 
IO 
IO’ n 
4 N 
A ero Flo 
ISe 
6 
3' 2 
I* 7 A eron ca 
* *4 
I N 
A ffilC a p lOe 
5 
9* j 
4 + b A ffilH s p 
24 
6 
11+8 
6 ' 4 A ff ii P ub 
56 
7 
6* 4 
3 N 
A fte r Six 
2o 
6 
U N 
6 * 4 
A la n WOS 
6 * 4 
4 *o 
A ia s k A ir 
2 
3H 
I* 2 Al ba Wa 
o5e bl 
9 * 4 
5*4 
A lco lac 
32e 
6 
IO 
4H 
Al leg Cp w t 
7*3 
4* ii A lle q A ir 
8 
3+8 r>« A lle q A w tO 
V 7 
’n A llrx jA w tN 
28' 2 
2o*4 Al I eg A pt C 3 
BN 
5 
A llia n t 
36e 
R 
2 
7n Al Id A rt 
17+4 
U N 
A ild T h r 
88 
6 
I 
A lp h a in d 
3 U A lra m il toe 
11 16 A lte r Cp 

22 
21 
IU 
33 
55 
244 
128 
9 
15 
43 
55 
88 
37 
196 
858 
22 
26 
7o 
349 
22 
32 
13 
IOO 
18 
47 
7 
175 
1o 
8 
7 
21 
8o6 
22 
61 
27 
97 

o4e 2o 
15e 
6 
85e l l 
13e 
8 
2o 
8 

IS 16 3 16 A lte c C p w t 
7+r 
4 
A lte c C rp p f 
15' n 
8* 8 A lte rF d s 
5o 
12 
49 
43' ? A lcoa pf3 75 
14 'n 
RH A M A X Wt i*« 
I* j A m A g ro 
8*4 
6 
A m B fltrt 
5o 
6 
2 o '; 
15' 4 A m B rd w t 
ION 
6’ b A m BusP 
28 
9 
I 16 A C e n M tg w t 
5 
A C o n trl 
44a 
8 
1 
A m F le tc h 
5' ? A G a rP d 
34 
3 'h A ln tP ic l 
4 
2 
A Isra e l 
H r 
6 
7' j A M a iz e A 
4o 
4 
7*2 A M a i/e B 
4o 
4 
36 
A m M I 
2 8oe 
5 
3 N A M o tln n s 
IS 
28'4 A m P et! 2 2o 
8 
4-1-4 A P re c s 
28a 
6 
3 ‘ a A S a fE q 
7 'n A m Sc IE 
2'n Am Tee 
B H A m UHS 
2 
A ndreR 
2 
A ngloC 
3' i A nken 
RN A n th o n y 
1*7 A pptd D ta 
8 l ' i A p ld D e v 
18 
14 
A q u itC a 
3o l l 
3 H A ri/C L lOe l l 
RH A r , Col p l 48 
5 '4 A rm in C p 
12 
3 
3 'o A r r o w s 
23 
4 
A ru n d e l 
7 'a A sam era 
25 
IO 1447 
8 '« Ash I OC 
2oa 9 
72 
'4 A s k in S v c 
2 H A s tre x 
!5e 
8 
3' h A ta la n ta 
2oe 2 
N A tc o Ind 
*4 A tic o M lg w t 
3 
A tla s C M 
o8e 8 
6* 
A tia s C p w t 
I I H A u g a t 
3o 
13 l l ’ ti A u s tra l? ) 
21 
5*8 A u to T rn 
7ot 
2 '4 A u tm B ld 
6 
2*8 A u tm R a d 
3 
36H A uto S w 
88 13 
2 
A V E M C 
2o 
7 
2o 
17' i A vondal I 2o 
IO 
53 
3 N A y d in C p 
IO 
7o 
U h B A r in d 
3 i n 9 16 B R T 
3oe 
3 16 I 32 B R T w t 
2+o 
I ’ 2 B TU 
Eng 
6 
IO' h 
6 
Badgr M i 
5o 
B 
2o 
6 'b 
4 
B a k c rM 
We 
8 
13 l l 
9 '* B aldo r El 
24 
7 1o6 
7'4 
5 
B aldw S 
32a 
44 

7' ? 
RH 
I I H 
6' a 
4 *4 
16** 
15*4 
52 H 
6' 2 
37*8 
9 
7** 
15 *4 
5*4 
12-8 
5' ? 
J 
8 'n 
9 
R H 
6*4 
24' i 

18' / 
SH 
RH 
16' 4 
12*8 
2*8 
5* « 
6 U 
I ’ 7 
I 1 B 
I *4 
1 I '4 
18' 4 
IS H 
I I H 
5*4 

IH 
2 9 ' 4 
8 *4 
5*4 

9 
32 
7 5oo 
525 
37 
IO 
199 
38 
31 
2 
79 
84 
64 
37 
119 
IO 
2 
95 
88 
47 
11o 
223 
58 
22 
7 
15o 
146 
81 
89 
284 
15 
71 
6 
79 
41 
22 

IO7* 
5'N 
8 N u n 
I N 
11V, 
12' 7 
7 l*/4 
2 N 
8+8 
4 * 8 
R+8 
IS H i n 
9+ a 
2 
4 *4 
9*4 
I I H 
6*4 
7*4 
5 
2 *8 
5 7 « 
9 ’ , 
5 N 
2*4 
1*8 
28 
SH 
1*7 
14 
3’ 8 
6 ' 7 i n 
5 16 
6 
14 
49 
5*4 
3 
8*4 
IS H 
7’ * 
>8 
6 * 4 i n 
8*4 
4* , 
2 *4 
9*4 
9*4 
49*4 
5 *. 
36*» 
SH 
5*4 
12 
SH 
12* 2 
2 7* 
3 
8 ** 
6*4 
6 ' 4 
5 'e 
16' 4 
4 * 8 
6 ‘ s 
6 n 
5 H 
6 1 4 u n i i * . 

1o 
5*8 
7 * 4 l l '4 
19n i i ' ? 
6 * 4 
I'4 
2 *4 
8 
4*4 
4*/8 
14 
IV* 
9 '4 i n 
4 *8 
SH 
11 
6*8 
RN 
4 * 4 
2 
5 '? 
9*4 
5 *4 
2 *4 
I 
27* ? 
5 ’ 7 i n u n 
2 ' ? 
6' 8 
I 
14 s n 
1 3 *2 
48 
4*8 
2 * 7 
7 *4 
17* i 
7 
3 3 2 
6 H 
1*2 
8 
4 
2 n 
8 ' 7 
8 * 4 
4 9 *4 
RN 
34* , 
8 
4 H l l 
5 t i t * 
2 *4 
2 *4 
7 ' 7 
5 *4 
5 *4 
5 * 8 
16 
4* 7 
6*4 
6 ' 4 
5 *4 s n 
1o*4 ion 

N et last Chg. 
6 
IO 
— 1**8 sn +- * * 
8 
— 
V? i i n + 
*? i n n 
>/8 i i v , + i n u n f n 
6+a 
1*4 f 
'/» 
2 * 4 . . . 
8 * /* + n 
4*4 — 
' 8 
4*8 + 
VB 
14 
— i n 
17/8+ 
'/« 
9 * 4 - 
' 7 
2 
+ 
1/4 
4*'?......... 
8 * 8 — I n n + 
*8 
6*'7........... 
7 
- 
*8 
4 * 4 
2 s n + 
1 it 
9 * 4 
'7 
5 H 
*4 
2 *4 
I 
2 7 '? - - 
'/« 
5*7 
*/4 
I N .............. 
U N 
'n 
3 
+ 
*7 
6 *4 
'n i n 
' n .. 
6 
F 
+o 
13' 7 
'n 
48 
— 
N 
4*n 
3+2 
3 
F 
*o 
8 
' 7 
17+o F 
'n 
7 
*o 

6 n 
I 1? 
8*4 
4' 7 + 
2n 
SH 
87 # 
4 9 *4 
5 
35*4 — 
8*4 . 
5*4 + ll* 7 
SH — 
12'/, + 
2'-« 
3 
8 
+ 
6*4 * 
5’ t - 
5*4 
16 
- 
4 *7 
6 H * 
6+*- 
5*4 
6 ’ 4 F 
IO* ? 
IO7* 

341 
27 
6o 

435' 
42 
28 
347 
144 
42 
4o 

315 1615 1615 1 6 -1 -1 6 

 io n 
141/4 
17 
7 
4*8 
4 n 
4 3 '* 
4 H 
29*4 
S H 
5* 

5 
4 H 
I 
8 5 16 
3 N 
9 * 4 i m 
15*4 
6 
4+4 
4 1 4 
4 2 *4 
4**4 
2 7 *4 

5 
RH 
I 
— 
5 16—: 
3 '* 
9 *4 
13 n 
16*8 
6*8 . 
4 * 8 
4 * 8 * 
82+o— 
4 *8 * 
27 ‘ 4 
8 
5*4 + 
6215 1613 16 
7 I 32 I 32 
I 32 
2*8 
2 H 
7 ** t 
9*4 
9 
9 n + s n 
5*8 s n + u n i v ? u n * 
6*4 
6 n 
6 n 

Y ea rly 
High 
18*4 
IV4 
14 *8 
6 n 
3 
5'8 
5*4 
IO 
9 * 4 u n 
4 *4 
3*8 
31 8 
3+a 
6*4 
2 n 
*8 
6 
6 
17*8 
29 ’ b 
4 
6*4 
6 *4 

17*4 
18' 7 
7 
I I H 
9*4 
1o*8 
7 V 4 
15 '8 u n 
5 *8 u n 
14' 8 
7 4 *4 
V 7 
IS H 
4 ' 8 r n 
14*8 
478 
15 
15 *4 
SH 
5 V, 
14 
5 
5**4 
IS H 
12 
12H 
38 
7' 8 
9*8 
9 * 8 

 to w 
12*8 B an F d I 15e n Bang Pun w t 
6*4 B a n iste r 
4oe 
5 
o8 
5 
o4 38 
12 l l 

37/s Banner 
I ' ? B a rc la y 
2*4 B arcoC a i n B a rn e s E 
6ve B a rn w l 
2oe 32 
4 '4 B a rry R 
o9e 
6 
5 H B a rry W r 
44 
8 
2* ? B a rth Sp 
2o IO i n B a rto n s i n B a ru e h F 
1 
B a rw ic k 
2 
B e h in d 
o8a 
6 
I*? Bel set R 
OR) 
6 
H B e n S tM q w l 
2 's B e n ru s 
5 
7’ b Berg 
E nt 
39 
R+» Bergen B 
19 
17 
B rqB pf TIS 
I *8 B e rn ,o 
4 
Ber tea 
3 
B enzene 
7*8 B etti Cp 
TH B e v e rly E 
9*4 B lrP e n 
4 
B iqD ad 
B iqVS up 
B in k M f 
B inny Sm 
Blessng 
B lount 
Bod in Ap 
61 2 Bol t Ber 
15 
B o w V a ll 
V 2 Bowne 

 l l 
U H 
4 . 
8’ . 
4' 

75 
377 
28 
2o 
36 
3 
64 
47 
68 
25 
8 
67 
82 
794 
IO 
26 
7o 
43 
73 
16 
19 
19 
173 
24 
228 
174 
9o 
2o 
2 
45 
21 
25 
49 
2o 17 
34 
IO 129 4 17 
3ob 
6 
16 

14 
9 
o6 78 
Ioe 

6 n B ra d fd N 
2o IO 
58o 
2'4 
B ranch 
2o 
5 x 12 
7’ 7 B ra n ifA r w t 
33 v n 
B ra s ta n A 
I 
3 
242 
15 
B ra u n E n 
I 
6 xlB 
2'.1 
B re e/xC p 
37 
9*o 
B re w e rC 
145 
2 U 
B ro D a rt 
2oe b 
43 
2 
U N 
B rodyS e 
BroofesP 
4o 
17 
6 
8 
39 
7+4 
B row n Co wt 
24 
11*4 
B m F A 
6o 
IO 
8 
W H 
B m FU 
6o 
IO 
284 
4' 2 B rw n F p f 4o 
I 
2 
B u e h le r 
9 
139 
6 N 
B uell Ind 
4ob 
5 
15 
3 
B uilde x 
5 
18 
2' o B u rg e s s 
8 n o 
U N 
B ur Inq 
82e 
5 
44 
168 
3o 
S H B u rn s ln 
6o 
8 
B n B u tle r In 
5o 
5 e n CK Pet 
2oe 23 1377 
I 
C D lC p 
16 
S H C H B 
Food 
3 
4*a CHCCp 
16r l l 
* 2 I 16 C IM tg w t 
A 
4 n 
2*s C M IC p 
6 
3' 7 
I ' ? CM T In Inc 
43 
9 *8 
6 C R S D e s 
15 
4 *5 4 
U H 
6 ' 4 C SE Cp 
64 
5 
14*4 
6 H CW Tran 
SO 
6 
V 
IO 
4' 4 CaW com 
6 H 
3 C agleA 
U n 
11*4 C aldor 
9 
6*k 
3' 7 C a lco m p 
41-4 
2'? C a n n ie 
6 
18 
1o*4 Cal P rtC 
I 
IO 
8 N 
5 C a m e o 
413 16211 lR C a C h b A 
6 1« 
2 n C d nE xp 
o5e l l 
8 411 16 C d n H o m O 
19 

Soles 

( b d s .) H ig h t o w 
35 
U N 
16' 4 
11/4 
UV 4 s n 
2 
4n 
3 H 
9* 7 
5 u n 
3*7 
2 
3 
1+4 
RH 
2 
5 16 
3 * 7 
3*/, 
6 N 
14+4 
3 
5+4 
3+4 
3+4 
2+8 u n 
4n 
7+4 id ’/, 
16 
7 ion 
4 H 
ZN 
72*8 
11*8 
9*8 
4+8 
8*8 
11+8 
73*8 
5*7 
1o+8 
3*7 
2 n 
12*7 
21? u n u n 
5 s n 
14 
3n 
3*8 
15 
9+8 l l 
38 
2*/b 
6* j 
9*/, 

15 

1o1 
494 
54 5 32 
84 
3 1 4 
5 
2*8 
7*4 
11+4 
14 
9+ 8 
3+4 u n 

IO’ 
7o 
6 
14' 7 
17*4 
4814 
3*4 
37* 
4 
8*8 
BOH 
15*4 
6 1 *4 
5 *4 
27' 4 
18*8 
7*8 
I i ' m 
7' 2 
41 n s i 
6*4 
3H 
2 7 n 
71'« 
2** 

14 
3*4 
SH 
9*8 
36 

C d nH ydr 
25 
C d ln P A I 5o 
7 
C d nM arc 
2o 
8 
C d n M e rr 
14 
CdnO cci 
5o 
7 
C d n S u p O 
IO 
H C apehart 
I ' ? C a p u lin 
2*8 C a p itlF d 
2o 
5 
4*a Caressa 
3o 
7 
64 
C a rn at I 4oa 13 l l '4 C a ro P ip l lh 
8 
53 
C a ro P L p f 
5 
7 
C a rro lD v u n Castle A M 
I 
7 
13' 7 C asFd I 2oa 
I *8 C astletn 
8 
S H C a v itrn 
Ue 
13 
’ n Ce I lu C»t 
IO 
34*4 CenM pf3 5o 
44 
C enP Lpt 
4 
4 H Cen) Sec 
5oo 
7 
C e ntryF t 
C e n v ifl 
7oe 
18 n C erM pf 2 25 i n C e rtifie d Cp 

29 

6 
161 
967 
71 
32 
79 
66 
89 
143 
7 
2165 
11 
132 
I 
24 
143 
6 
3 
76 
331 
17 
725o 
34 
3o 
75 
111 
147 
165 
,25o 
7 5o 
6o 
12 
585 
59 
53 

18 
7 * 7 
3 *4 
6 '4 
7*8 
8*8 
2o 
3 ', 
1 4 ' 7 
U N 
41*4 
1+4 
3 
3 
5 *4 
7o' 2 
U H 
611 4 
5* 4 
16' 7 
18'8 
2 
1 4 *7 
2*7 
4o 
49 
6*8 
3+8 
72’ t 
23’ 2 i n 

IV 
12*7 
5 Vs 
1+8 
4*/i 
3 VB 
8+ 8 
4n 
1o+8 
3*/4 
1+8 
2 H in 
5+4 
1+8 
1/4 
3*/4 
2+4 
6*8 
14' 7 
2+8 
5**4 
3 * 8 
3*8 
2 * ', 
12+4 
4 
7 H 
16*+ 
15+4 
6*8 
1o*8 
4+4 
7 
21*8 
IO 7 8 
8+4 
4 *8 
7+8 u n 
22+s 
4+4 
9+8 
3*8 
2 n 
11+4 
7*/4 
14*4 
13+8 
5 
5 * 8 u n 
3*7 
2+ 8 
14* 2 
9*8 
1o+8 
34 
2 
5+8 
7*4 
*8 
3+8 
2 
6+8 l l +4 
13 
9+4 
3’-7 
U H 
3’ 7 
3 H 
17* 2 
7 sn 
6*8 
7 
8 
18 *8 
3H u n 
15+8 
41 in 
2n 
3 
5 
67* 7 
13*4 
6 o ’ 4 s n 
16'4 u n i n 
13*4 
1+8 
39’ 8 
49 
5 7 8 
3*4 
17*/j 
73 
I " , 

N et 

L a s t C h g 
16* *4— 
V, 
1*8 u n — 
*4 
5*8— 
+4, 
1+8. . . . . . ' 
4 '/,+ 
*8 
3*4 
. . . . 
9+4. 
5 
1o+8— 
’/, 
3 *2+ 
'-4 
2 
-t- 
*8, 
2n 
- 
+4 
1+4........... 
6 
+ 
*8 
1+8 ......... 
5 16+ 1 16 
3+8 
3 ' 7+ 
+8 
6 * 8 - 
*/4 
14*7— 
*4 
3 
5 * r ~ 
V, 
3*8 
. 
3 *8- n 
7+7 
'/* u h f n 
4 *8 — 
V» 
7* 7. 
16' 7 * 
*8 
16 
+ 
*4 
6 h n 
1o*4 — n 
4+8 
VB 
7 *8 t 
* 8 
22 
1o+8 
'4 s n - n 
4+8 + 
*4 
8 
+ 
*8 u n 
23 
* 
*7 
5! J * 
7 8 
1 o*8 + 
*'7 
3 *7+ 
*8 
2*8 u n — 
+4 
2*8 t- 
*8 
14*4— 
'4 
14 
— 
*8 
5 
5*4 + 
*4 
14 
3 n * n 
3 *8 + 
*8 
14+4— 
*4 
9+4— 
*8 io n — 
*8 
34+? ■ 
T 7 
2 
*8 
6 
— 
+7 
9*4 + 
*4 
*8 .............. 
3*8 
2+o 
7 
J 
*8 
11*4 
*4 
13 
- I 
9*4 
3*4 ♦ 
* 8 
13*4+ 
7 8 
3*8 - 
+8 
4 
— 
*4 
1 7 *4 
I 8 
7 
- 
*8 
3*8— 1 16 
RH 
71 4 
H 
8 
— 
H 
19+8 1- i n 
3 * 8 - 
' n 
1 4*8 + 
* 8 
15+8 
*4 
41 
— 
*4 
I *8— 
1 8 
2 H — 
*8 
3 
5 
— 
*8 
7o*4+ 3 
14’ i f 
*8 
6o’ 4 
. 
5 * 8 .......... 
16*4— 
*8 
18 
. . . 
1 + 8 - 
H 
U H - 
*2 
2 H + 
*8 
4o 
— 
*8 
49 
6 
— 
*t 
3*4— 
*8 
21*4 * 4 
23*4+ 
H 
1*8— 
*8 

Y e a r ly 

H ig h 

 i n 
2+4 
7 *4 
6 * 8 
7 
4 *8 
28' 4 
12+s 
18*4 
4*8 
6+? 
7*4 l l ' 7 
9+4 
1 1 '4 
7 *4 
3*4 
12*8 
4 * 8 
U H 
9 
19H 
7 
3 H 
19' 7 
4+8 
8 *4 
4 7 n 
3*4 
13+8 
17 
7 l l ’ 7 
7o 
8 H 
7* ? 
2H 
3 
3 * 8 
13+8 
16+8 
12' 7 
4 ’ n 
U ' 2 s n 
U H 
1o*8 
9 + 8 
I ' 7 
1*4 
75 H 
157 8 
7* ? 
4*4 
19 
1 6 '4 u n 
28 >8 
3+s 
4 *8 
I 
3 * 8 l l 16 

4oa 

 t o w 
*8 C e rtro n 
1>/4 CetecCp 
3+8 Ch ad M il I 
3 
C h a m p H o 
3*2 C h a rtM d 
6 
2*8 Chem E x p 
5 
15+» C h iR iv I 6oa 
8 
8*4 C hief Dev 
13 
1o's C h ild W r ld 
7 
1*4 C h ris m a lOe 6 
3 H C in e F iv e 
IO i n C in e ra m 
5*4 C irc le K 
.6o 
4 H C ita tio n 
4ob 
7*4 C ity G s F I 
68 
3*4 C la rm n t 
UH C la rk e 
We 
6*4 C la rkso n 
2o 
3*8 C la ro s ta t 
7 
C la u sing 
I 
4*8 C lopay 
o9e 
_ 
12*4 C o ach rn 25 6x563 
15 16 C o h e n H a t 
6 
28 

Sales 
(bds.) High Low 
1o8 
1o1 
7 
23 
926 
16 
75 
13 
221 
31 
55 
I 
14 
175 
5 
16 
51 
33 
26 
I 
48 
22 

2 
C ohulnc 
12*8 C olem an 
2' ? C olonC m l 
3+s CotweMC 
31*4 C om inco i n Com G rp 
SH Com Al I io n C o m M tl 
3*4 C om d r Int b n CoPsyc 
3o 
16+ C om P S 
162 
2' 1 C o m p a c 
4 
C o m p o ln 
1*8 C om puD l l 16 C o m p ln s t 

12t 22 
76 
68 
8x513 
13 
.32 
6 
2 
13 
14 
3oa 
7 
6ob 18 

79 
21 
29 
5o 
28 
9 
152 
49 
6 1o67 
28 
35 

5o 
+» C o m p ln v 
6*o Conchm 
4*4 C o ncrdF 
S H C onder 
3 
3 H C o n n lly C 
8 
8' 2 C onrock 
6o 8 
2 'o C o n ro y , 12e 6 
6*4 C onsO G 
12 
7*8 ConsRef 
6o l l 
3* 1 C onsyne 
13 n C o n tM tl 
14 
' 4 Cont Tel w t 
14’ 7 C o oklnd 
4o 15 
11*8 C ookP V 
2' ? Coop Ja r 
2*4 C o rd o n 
9 
C oreLb 
IO1 ? C orenco 
6+o C o rn elius 48 IO 
19'4 C o rr B lk I 4o IO 
I *4 Cosco Inc 
U s C ottC p 
83 
14 C ottC orp w t 
1*4 C o u r tld lOe 
1 o C o u s in s w t 

4oa 
7 
. lOe 
7 
14 
2oe IO 

191 
IO 
65 
31 
22 
183 
IO 
6 x 12 
155 
*8 
86 
63 
155 
37 l l 
17 
157 
98 
6 
42 
49 
19 
3 
5 
21 

118 
1+8 
5 H 
3*4 
5' 8 
3*8 
25'n 
11+8 
IO '4 
3*4 
4 
1+o 
1o*8 
7*4 
IO 
6' ? 
2*7 io n 
4*8 
13*4 
7 
15 
1 ’ o 
2+8 
15H 
4 
7*4 
3 4 *4 
2 
9*8 
11*4 
5'/, 
1o'7 
19 
6 H 
6+8 
2*/, 
1*o 
I >4 
9+8 
4*8 
IO 
4' 8 
12*4 
4*4 ion en sn 
1*8 
IV , 
16*8 
15 
6+8 
3 * 4 
17 V, 
14+8 
11+4 
27 
2 H 
2 ", n 

N e t 

 l o s t C h g i n . " . .. 
2 
5*4— 
V 
3 n 
5*o 
3 H — 
*1 
25*o+ 
*i 
11+8— 
+ 
1o*7— 
V 
3*4— 
+ 

2ion 
7+o 
. 
1o*4 + 
6* 7 . . 
2 H f 
1o+8— 
4*8 + u n 
7*8— 
15 Vs— 
1+8— 
2+8 
15+4 

1*4 
2*8 
6 
3*/, 
5*4 
J */, 
25H 
12*4 
1o*4 
3 H 
4 
2 
1o*4 
8 
1o+* 
6*4 
2 H 
11*8 
4 * 8 
13+8 
7 H 
16+s 
2 
3*8 
16*8 
4*o 
8*4 
34+4 
2*8 
9+ 8 l l Va 
5 H 
11*7 u n 
8*4 
7 *o 
2*4 
IV , 
1*8 ion 
4*4 
11*4 
4 * 4 
12*/, 
4*', l l 
8*o 
8*4 
1*8 
1*4 
16H 
15 
7 
3 + 4 
IB 1*, 
15*4 
12*4 
27H 
2 H 
2H 
H 
1*4111 16111 16 

I* ; 

8*4 F 
34*4 + 
2 
9*4 + ll* ', . . 
5* >— ion 
19 
— 
8*4 f 
7*4 + 
2*o 
I V, + 
T H ­ 
IO 
+ 
4H 
1o*4— 
4 */* — 
12*4. . 
4*4 
1o+4 . en s n -t- in — 
1 *7 — 
16*4— 
15 
+ 
7 
— 
S H ­ 
U N — 
14+8— 
12*4 + 
27H + 
2 * 8 - 
2*8. ■ 
*8— 1-16 
■1-16 
I 16 

Yeorly 
High Lew 
13+o 
18*4 
11*8 
14 
IU 16 I 
23*4 
12 
9*8 
6+4 
8*7 t i ’4 
3*4 
42’ 4 
2*4 
I97o 
48' 7 
25*4 
7*8 
16*8 

8+8 D ow ny 
2oe 
16 
DrexUtl 132 
6'4 DrivHarr 

Sales 
(bds.) H igh Low 

19' 2 
13 
CoxCC 
18 
134 
19* 7 
IB N 
1 8+ 4- 
'n 
6’ 8 
3*8 C ra m rE 
U t 
61 x 17 
4 N 
4 H 
4*4 . 
2+4 
I N 
C re s t Fo 
8 
IN u n u n — 
* a 
19* 7 
12 
C ro m p t l ie 
5 x79 
!7 ’ a 
U+8 i i 
— 
'n 
41H 
3o 
C rossA T 
I 2o 
12 
97 
36' 4 
35H 
15+8— 
'n 
1o*4 
6N 
C row IM 
Soa 
4o 
22 
7 *n 
6*4 
7'n f 
'n 
34 +8 
15N C w nC P t 
6or 
4 
55 
32 N 
3 1 rn 
32 
F 
N 
ZN 
4' ? C ro w n e r 
4 
16 
5 
4' 7 
4*7— 
* 3 
6 
4 
C row n In 
TO 
9 
38 
5 
4 *4 
5 
+ 
'n 
IS7. 
5*4 
C rutcR 
36 77 
496 
U H 
U H 
13*8— 
*7 
IS H 
7*8 C ry s tlO 
4oe 
UV 
13’ 2 
U N 
U N 
N 
16 
6*8 Cubic Cp 
78 
7 
195 
16 
15*8 
U N F 
*4 
14 * 4 
11+8 C u rtic e B 
8o 
5 
73 
14*8 
U H 
13' 8 - 
I 
5*4 
I N 
Cut tis M 
15e 
5 
7 
5 N 
5 'n 
S H — 
* 8 
I ) - K - F 

2 
*» DCL 
Inc u 
211 
1+4 
I N 
I N F 
*4 
6' ? l ’ n DW G 
49t 
5 
443 
5 N 
5 
5*8— 
* 4 
5*4 
V 
Da rn o ne 
4 
34 
3 N 
3 
3 H — 
'n 
9' 2 
V a 
Dam son 
74 
264 
8' 7 
7+1 
■Vo— 
*o 
78 u n 
D aniel 
18b 
9 
14o 
25+8 
24*4 
25 
— 
N 
U N 
4+o D a tap d 
8 
871 
U N l l 
H N ­ 
I 
9 N 
5*7 D a y M in 
2oe 
18 
247 
8+o 
B’ S 
S N F 
+o 
2 N 
I 
D epose 
I i n 
I " , 
I N F 
*o 
16 
9>o Del Labs 
36 
7 X U 
U N 
U H 
U N F 
*o 
14' ? 
13' 7 D e lM P r 
6o 
7 
13 
14 
U N 
14 
F 
* 7 
9 
5+o D e llw d F 
54 
12 
2 
6 H 
6*4 
6 N — 
'n 
IO N 
7 
D e n t a l E l l 
125 i o n 
9*4 
IO l l 
17' 2 D e p s itr 
I 52 
6 
13 l l N 
21*8 
21+8- 
' n 
2+8 
I 
D e s g n J w 
15o 
2 
2 
2 
8’ 7 
3*8 
D evC pA 
9 
6o 
7 N 
6+8 
6+e— ' n 
37*4 
13+4 Devon Gp 
IO ,8oo 
31*8 
3o 
3o* 7— 
I* 2 
BN 
3' 8 D ig icon 
35 
4 N 
3+s 
3’n — 
N 
2o 
U H 
DO la rd S t 
4o 
6 
7 
U +o 
U H is 
+ 
'n 
I n i l 16 
D io d es 
21 
U n 
I 
1 
— 
Va 
3' o 
IN 
D is F a b 
IO 
15 n i l 
7*o 
2*4 
2*o 
IB N l l ' ? D iv e rs e y 
56 
9 l l 
17'? 
U N 
16*4 
Vo u n 
6*4 
Di x ily n 
4oe 
6 
143 
U N l l * . 
U N F 
'n 
46 
32 
D o m e P t 
8 
4J4 
38'4 
JZH 
3 8 H - 
* * 
26*h 
13'4 
D b m ta r 
8o 
19 
5 
U V . 
13*4 
13 + 4 
Z N 
5*7 
Donkt*ny 
24 
4 
13 
7*4 
I 
7*4 

C o m p l o t * * n a t i o n w i d e o o m p w N i t o p r i m 

N e w 
Y o r k s t o c k s 

K x c I u n I v b i n S a n A n t o n i o 

Yearly 
High 
Low 

( i n i t i a l l e d ( r o m P a g e 1 1 1 ; 

S — T — I 
Sales 
(bds ) High Low 
4oH l l ' , 
53*4 
I6H 
4* 7 
6 H 
I I H 
I T I 
15*8 u n 
247* 
M ’ 8 
1o*8 
6o' 4 
24 
66' 4 
16*8 

6o 

3o1 • SFeind 
2 
8* 4 SFeind pl 5o 
2o's SanFeint to 
9'» SargfWel 
2+8 SaulRE 
3*8 SavAStp 
5+8 SavOxDr 
2o 
8 
Sax EIP 
A Se 
17*8 SavnEA I 14 ll 
Say El p ll 28 
6+8 Say BM 
3*4 Saxon 
3 
Schaefer 
38' . ScherqPl 
14*8 Schlit/Br 
56' 1 Srhlumb 8o l l ' . SCOAIn 
8o 
5* * Scon ad 
36 
18 
Sc ot Fe! I 2o 
U H ScOttFor 
84 
14*4 Sc Oft Pap 
7 
Scottys 

8 
831 
JZH 
56 
IO'8 
1ox1215 49*4 
9.484 
16' 4 
3o2 
3 
166 
B 
99 

JO 12 
9 

93 
I] 
59 
41o 
361 
96 
I 14 2226 
8 
9 11o3 
18 39oo 
155 
1o4 
247 
TOI 
833 

 io n 
OS a 
23 •» 
6H 
19' 4 
IT 2 
TOH u n 

15*8 
T in to ? 
43' * 
71 u n 
78't 
76' # 

U 
6' I to n io n 
19*8 
32 
WH u n 
I 7*« u n 
9 H 
237* 
17*4 
41*8 
56' 2 
*o*4 
5o * 8 
57 

 l l *. 
29' 

5 
21 
9 
8 
76 
9 
2o IO 

2 ’ l l 
13’ 
3’i ll* , 
5’ 

Scovill 
I 2o 
Scovil pf2 5o 
Sc udder 
14 
Scudd pl H3e 
V-aCont 
75 
SeabC L 
2 
SeabWA Ut 
Seagr am 
8o 
Seagr y 
16- 
Seal Pa. 
8o 
Sear leG 
52 
Sears 
I 8oa 
Seatrain 

3*2 
7 io n u n 
13*4 
73*8 

4o 
15*4 
6o' ? 
13* 2 
6*8 
77 U 
73' o 
18*4 
8 * 4 
23 
55 

76o 
839 
6 
99 
33 
8 
762 
6 126o 
213 
9 
321 
7 
47 
7 x59 
8 2226 
16*3766 64 
13 1o9o 
IO* 

9*4 
2o *1 
347< 
3*1 
74 
8’ . 
17*4 l l 

Sedco I ne 
JO 
7 
443 
Selql t / I Wb 7 
69 
Svc Cp int 
2o 
4 
125 
Serymt 
9o 
7 
119 
Shafcspre 4o 
6 
2o4 
11*4 Shaped 
IO 
7 
122 
47» ShearM lie 
3 
175 
47*-, ShellOd 3 2o 
7 
8 73 ll' 
Shell T 
I Ole 
6 
4 
1o*4 SbellrGI 6oa 
4 
259 l l ’ 4 ShliG* ptl 35 
32 u n ShHGi p ii 4o 
4i 
33' 4 SherwW 2 2o U bit 
58 
ShrW pf 4 4o 
, 27o 
9-4 Si err Pac 
I 
8 
716 
15*» Signal 
I IO ll Uo4 
15 
Signal pf 
I 
4 
34 
Signal pl? 2o ll 
32 
Si geode I 2o 
$ 
SimPrec 
16 
U H & m m 
I 12 ll >» S 'm p P a t 
SO 
I '4 Singer 
We 
741 / Singe pf 3 5o 
WH Skaggs 
5o 

8 ' 
28’ 
58’ 
13 
15s 
W ' 
J * 
7* 
27' 
15* 

8 * . 

U 
164 
I 
IU 
12 .53 
13 2373 
7 IOU 
847 
9 
524 
IO 
43 
JI 19 1153 
HO 
5 
65 
57 
9 
*74 
2 16 
6o8 
6o 
6 
43 
9o 
6 
75 
Mi a u t 
II 
65 ll 562o 
6 
IU 
933 

29H 
3RH 
J IH 
24 >4 
4o*8 
52 4 

15'a S kylin e 
S m ith AO 
S m ith in t 
52 
S m ith k ln 
7 
S m ith T r 
6o 
S m ucker 
9o 
Sold Bas 
6o 
Sones) a 
Son y Cp 
o6e 
SooLm ic 
6 
SC ar FO I 56 IO 
SCEG p l7 5o 
So Jer In I 56 
8 
9*8 Soutdw n 
6o 
5 
21 'n Sdwn pf I IO 
9*4 SoastBk 
4ot) IO 
5 
S oattP S I 37t 8 
18 *8 SoCalE 
I 68 
6 
13 '4 SouthCo I 46 IO 
31*4 S olnG E 2 64 
I 
46*4 So NR es I 85 
7 
32+8 SONE Tot 
3 
9 
43 4 SONE pf J 87 
57' 2 SoN F pf 4 67 
Sou Pac 
} 74 
8 
S o g R y 
I JI IO 
SouR y p f 5o 
SooRy pf 
3 
So Un Co I 84 
8 
Soy find 
5ob 
IT 
SouHoyl 
68 ll 
U n Se* Bk th 
I 
8 
6‘ • SwstFor 
2o 
7 io n S W M pf 1 so 
I I H SwPbSv I to 
I 
* ‘•4 SizrtnFd 
6 ’ * Spar toil 
Speer y tl 
Sprr 4H p i 
Spec r y R 
S p fitrg M 
S ttuarD 
Squibb 

138 
715 
U ) 
US 
75 
1629 
4864 
.8o 
149 
TO 
181 
1 11o 
965 
6o9 
1744 

 to 
31 
17* I t : 
26' 4 
ISH 
71 7 8 
27 
46 
34*4 
29'* 
4o 'n 

4o 
I 
I 
92 
75 
I IO 
96 
I 

8 
25o 
7 
45o 
* 
375 
8 1536 
7 
746 
I * 
8 1357 
6 
64 
7 
63 
6 
363 
I 
9 2o16 
I 
79 
3 
432 
13x881 
S taley 
I 
7.2)9 
St Poor 
I 92a 
.TIO 
Si Br and 
1 28 l l 1o38 
Sid Br pf 3 5o l l o 
S tB P a in t 
6o 18 
323 
StdOdCI 
2 2o I 5oo2 
St Of I Ind 
7 6o 9 2891 
_____ 
H O .IOT 
23x1754 84*4 

35 
17*8 
5’ J 
16*. ton 
17*4 i n 
77*4 
34 u 
72 H u n 
37H 
*9 7 
13' 1 
'28' 8 
26' 1 
63 
4o 
6 H 
18 ' 1 
U N 
2in 
44*8 
19 H 
I2 H 
1 5 *4 u n 
39*8 
75*8 
18*4 l l u n 
I ' * 
9 
39 
19 i m 
I I H 
U+8 
27 l l an 
22H 
I I H 
4o*4 
S4H 
4o 
5o 
55 
35*4 
5 8 *< 
6*4 
6o 
36 
25*4 
42* , 
73* a 
9 
72 
14 
12*4 
12*4 
17*4 
M n 
4oH u n 
25*8 
Sit 
2o*. 
2 4 ' 1 
38* 1 bl 
39' 4 
4 Q U u n 

 ar 
P * i i ii* 
74* 
M 
J? l f ’ 
IDS 

SOOh pf I 75 
StdP ress 
4o 
StdP* od 
66 
Stander* 
8o 
S ta n W I Ua 
St a or a y 
IO 
S fa c re tt I l l 
StaM Se I OS 
S'autC h 144 
S te rc h i 
48 
Star D rug 
S te rlP re 
Vier ndnt 

/ I X 
111 
86 
46 
197 
245 
3 
491 
*73 

Steven J 
SfewW a 
StokV< 

* 
6 
TO l l 2517 
o3e 6 
IU 
4o 
9 
IU 
I TO 
I 96 I n u 
Si ok VC p l I 
S'oneW 
I SO 
S'OnCui. 
6o 
Stop shop 
I 
Star fee 
1 S to re r 8 
I 
S trip R if# *2 
Sty Woi 
I 68 
StgW pf I 4o 
Sty A p f 
5 
S u e . S» Kl 
3o 
Sub P ro 1 rn 
Sort Ch in 
4o 
SgnCp 
I 
SgriCo p f,' 25 
Sun pm 
I QI 
Q pnuklr 
I 
Sunps p f) SO 
Sunk A lg 
Mr 
Super va* 
66 
Supt O il I IP 
Sup.' U G th 
Supm p f l 3o 
Supt k i it 
/Se 

584 
99 
1o7 t i m t 
J U 
S 
TO 
6 « a 
7 
221 
.3o4 
7 
71 
5 
671 i i 
* 
* 
13 
I 
ISS 
o 
2)1 
6 I2 a 
7o2 
9 
568 
' ^ 
? i i 
) 
>38 
1 r n 
I 
I lls 

6o 
I U 
I 
17*8 
79*4 u n 
73*8 
17*4 a 
1 *. 
(SH 

19 » 
34H 
71 n 
17* » 
61 rI) 
IS*« 
14*4 
44 n 
49 
*8*8 
4 H 
Ii:; 

 u n 
7) 
34*a 
SI 
17*8 
A : 

36H 
1o 
47* 7 
IS H 
3+8 
3*4 
6*4 
1o*8 
15 
13* 7 
2 1 *4 
4' 8 
5*7 
39 
U+8 
SBH 
11 
6 
2 6 *4 
T I7. 
18*4 
I* 8 
22*8 
54*4 
7 
9 'a 
TS* , 
33*4 
3*4 
23 a n 
16' 4 
11 *4 bl 4 
9+8 
32H 
17*4 
SH 
16 
9 
1 7 *8 
SH 
74H 
33U 
13*7 
2 IH 
17' , 
36 '2 
67 
12+o 
I V , 
I t 
61 
31 
6* 1 
I I H 
I I H 
3o*4 
43* > 
19*4 
I J H 
IS* t 
16 
38*4 
74H 
U H 
17*8 
17+8 
I 
8 * 4 
3o 
IIH 
3 o *4 l l ' , 
13*7 
26* t ion 
8*4 
2 2 't 
16 
39 
53*4 
39' 4 
49*4 
55 
34*8 
56 1 
6' > 
59 

24 
4o*4 
22H 
8*7 
31 
13*4 
U ' j 
13 
U H 
37*4 
J9H t3 7# 
24 
29 
1 9 't 
73 
27H 
SI 
36*4 
JOH 
52*7 
8o*4 
6o 
7 H 
6 7o u n 
78+4 
Un 
73*8 
17*4 as* 8 in 
14*4 sn io n u n 
36 
71 
11*8 
59*4 u n 
15*4 
<1*8 
24 o 
U N 
4) a 
91 
4*4 
21+8 un 
45*4 
7 IN 
33H l l 
I I H 
! } * 

7*8 
U H u n 

N et lact Chg 

 u h n 
IO 
- 
*8 
47V, 
' 7 
IS H f 2*8 
4 H + 
3' 4 n 
7 
1o*»— 
*o 
IIH u n 
23 t 
I r n • 
'n 
6 
♦ n 
39*4 - 
7o 
15 
— 
*o son - i >4 
13 
- 
*o 
6 n 
77 
- 
H 
27 
*4 
U H * 
< t 
8 * 4 - 
*4 
2 2*4 t n 
54' 7 4 
*7 
7 H 
'n 
9*4* 
'n 
28 
+ 2* 7 
34+81 
1*4 
3* o - 
* o 
M N — 
I* 4 
17 
4 
'o l l ’ , 
*8 
63H 4 I 
1o 
32H 
2*8 
17*8 s n 
* ■ 
U H 
'n 
9*4 
1*8 
U N * 
*8 i n - n 
75*4 
7*4 
3 3 *4 - in u n - 
*4 
72 
- 
*4 
M* 4 — 
*8 
36N 
1*4 or j ♦ 3*7 l l * , - 
* , 
77H 
N 
26 n 
61 
I* > 
39*4 ♦ 
IN t i 
*4 ii* 4 _ n 
1 1 *8 - 
* j 
21*4 4 
N 
44’ * 4 
N 
19*8 4 
*8 
12*4 ♦ 
*o 
1 5 *8 - 
*7 u n . 
*4 
M N - 
<o 
75* • 4 
• 4 
I / 7,— 
N 
U N 4 
*8 
13*4 4 
H 
Ii*8~ * § 
M N 4 
*8 
I IN 
., 
JON - n 
I I H - 
* , 
13*8 
1*4 
I t ' I— 
* 4 
M N 
*4 j * * — 
* 1 
33n 4 
H 
16*8 
M 
- 
*4 
54*14 
*« 
4o 
4 
*o 
SO 
4 
* 2 
P 
- I 
M N 4 
*8 
57 *o ♦ 
*» 
6*4• 
*8 
59 
* 
*4 
35*o 
’n 
25*4 4 i n 
43 r in 
» ’ 7 
. 
| N 
- 
*o 
71 N r 
7» 
U n n u n h 
13 
* 2 
17 r n 
11 n 
*4 
39*7 
I ) 
24+8 4 n 
29* 7 r 
'4 
2o*o 4 I* , 
| j . 
2, 
M n 4 n 
52 
37H 
H 
4o* 8 4 
* 7 
S7+» 
I I N 
4o 
7 N + 
'4 
8 * 8 - 
*8 u n - 
*t 
29*44 
* o 
19* 8 4 
* I h 
N 
47’ , 4 I N 
I N - 
*8 
I I 
♦ 
H s n 
M N - 
>8 
19+8 
347t r 
+o f in - n l l 
- 
*4 i i * , 4 n n 
- 
*< 
15*4 4 
>4 i m n 
25 t * 
I* , 
U H r 
I 7 
4J1 J r 
' j 
4f i i - in 
* n t n 
I / 7, * 
*o 
I v Ii: 
8$78 -- 14* 
» 
I 
*4*8 
' 8 f in - n 
IIH 
I I H 4 
H 
279 
- 
I 
7N 

Yearly 
High 
Low 
S alat 
I h d t I H igh Low 

 in 
7 *t 
1*8 

V i' 

 z n 
19’ 7 l l 'n 
43’ H 
14 *4 
7*4 
??’ h l l * , 
39 
H9 
79' 1 
33*8 
M l l 
13*8 
2o*» 
47*8 
21 
17' 7 

AB*. 
KT. 
HO' . 
HS ll* . 

U H 
31 >o 
3o 
43' I 
41*4 a n 
31*. 
49 
49 
16 
129 '4 
I I H 
33 
3o H 
72*4 
J Z H 
S T * 
9*o 
3 IH 
37' 4 
28 ’ n 

13 " 
13' 1 
18' 1 

19’ 7 
39*4 
7 1 *4 
59 H 
U H 

U 

76 ' 
19 4 a n 
U H 
3 7 *4 
39 8 
I S ', u n 
ISH 
I I I 
2 + 4 
19*o 
U H 
1o7 
98H 
78’ 7 
12 
76' 4 
39H 
44' < 
7 2 n 
32H 
7' 7 
IS ' 7 
18' a 
T IN 
32 
I S H 
15 

TO it * 7 
IS ' I 

17N 
IS H bf' 1 l l 
25*4 
I T , 
)7 s o n 
I I H 
67 H 
76N 
9*8 io n it' 1 t i 
53 
53' i 
31 
87* 1 
93 
6 

 un 
IO' 7 
89' 7 
11*4 
U H 

JO*, 
13*4 
U N 
27*8 
75' , 
74 o u n 

S u tro M tg 
32 
54 
Swank la 
7 216 
S ybron 
84 
8 484 
Sybrn p l 2 4o 
12 
Sycor a 
17o 
S vstron 
73 
T lco r 
I IO 
7 1o49 
T R E Cp 
U 
6o6 
TR W in 
I 4o IO 3432 
T R W p t4 4o 
T R W p l4 5o 
T a l t B rd 
Btl 
T a lc o !) 
T a lle r 
6o 
T a lle y p f 
I 
T a m p F l I 12 
T andy 
T arid y e ti 
T appar! 
2o 
T e chm cr 
4o 
9 
T e c h n ic lr 
27 
T e c h n .c n 
12 
T e k tro n x 
3o 16 
SH T rie r o r 
3o 
22' o Teledn 
I 451 
5 
62 
T e le dyit p t 6 
T e ip rm l 
T e te . 
12 
Tennco 
I M 
8 
Tonne p ts 5o 
T ekoro 
I 
8 
Tesor p f 2 16 
Texaco 
2 
9 
Tex Com I IO l l 
T e x F s l 
I 85 
9 
T x E T pf2 4o 
T x tT ptV 87 
T e x G tT 
I 
TxG s pf I 5o 
Tex Ind lb 
Tex b itt 
Tex in t 
TexOG*. 
T x P c L d 
Tex U til 
T exkglt 
T e .q lt pf 
T e x filn d 
T e xtro n I 2o 
T e x tr pf2 o8 
T e x tr pf I 4o 
T h io k o f 
84 
T hom Bet 
I 
Thorn In 
44 th o rn J W 
8o 
T h rifty 
4o 
T rd w tM r 
IO 
T ig e r Int 
4o 
T im e ln c I IS 12 
T im e M rr 
8o 
T im k n 
2 2oa 

138o 
6536 
331 
1983 
38 
1o2 
8x748 
4 
14 
M I 
I 32 19 1632 
14 1392 
2o 
IO 1o97 
3Se 
19 .5 6 
I 12 
9 JU3 
I 2o U 
9 39 
J 

I ’ 
M 
97' 
13' 
2*.' 
23' 
*4' 
28’ 
74 ' 
27* 
79 
:>»’ i i ’ 
82 
5* 
13* 
17 
17 
27' 
51 • 
3 
7o' 
26 
19' 
I / ' 
33 
V> 
7' 
6' 
IS • 
IO' 
31’ 
18 
36* 
9 . T it h in i 
4 N T o binP 
.15# 
7' 2 Todd Ship 
TI'n Tot E d it 7 12 
9 
25’ ■ TolE d pf2 21 
1o 
TonkaC p 
48 
4 
6’ a TootRot 
4ob IO 
4 ’ a Tra ce r 
2o 
I 
19’ 7 T ra n e Co I o8 IO 
29 
T r an Un I 76 
9 
V 2 TW A i m 
TW A p t 
2 
8 * . T ra n ta m 
66 
65 
T ra m pf 4 5o 
TOH T ra n ln c I 92 
8* 7 T ra n tc o 
9o 
8 
T ranker! 
52 
OI 
T rG R p f IO 32 
91H T rG F p f ! 64 
25' 2 T rG P p f 2 SO 
Tran Oh 4 
28 

 a n 
18*4 
18* a 
41*4 u n 
6 
72*8 
9 N 
38*7 
89 
79* 2 
31 'o 
S H 
9’ 7 u n 
IS H 
39' 7 
I J H l l 
38H 
ZN i m 
58+o io n 
6 oH 
95' ? 
7*8 
3 
35*8 
7 129 
51o6 t i n 
TSN 
28* a 
37 
4o' I 
V io n 
44 
43 
15*7 
85 n 
1o*4 
28 n 
JOH 
J IH 

377 
4o8 
9 
123 
57 
5 
196 
85 
1o 1397 
9 1385 
6 
3)o 
1o 
151 
68o 
584 
194 
239 
286 
I IVO 
TO 
538 
161 
2625 

JO ’ 

55 

4 38 
A16 
639 
IO 
276 
12o2 
87 
14 
189 
248 bn 
753 
61! 
1ox1o15 TI 
1ox 45 7 
54 

53' 
5 N 
26'o 
33*o 
25*. 
22 H 
35' 7 u n 
U N 
B H l l 
M N 
36H 

269 
46 
28o 
349 
81 
193 
14 
ITO 
189 
714 
U U 
23 
* 2659 

U '» 
4 H 
U N 
?SH 
76 
ION 
ZN 
’I t 
37’ 1 l l 
18* 7 l l 
2 1o6' 
I U 
23'7 
U94 
U H 
1o8 ion 
I I M 1o7 
15ooo 
96 , 
•4 
27 

U H T r# n w y 
I 4o 

 i i ' . 
• >. 
II* . 
16 
2o' 
71*. 
13'. 
77 
IO 'i 

>o 
*9 1 
SB*. 
24 
U 'r 

 l l *i 
J9-. 
I ' 

■ i t a Mi 
IO 2841 

’ s i 
9 
166 
29 
U28 
4 
194 

T ra v lr* I o8 
T ra v e tr pf2 
TriC on I N e 
TriC n p f2 SO 
T ri SOM 
Tr .a h in d 
T r.a P a c 
52e 
4 
T r.n ty ln 
BO 
6 
T ro p e an 
5o U 
T it*m ig I OM 
« 
T aeric en 
SO 
8 
T yco L ab 
4o U 
T y te rC p 6o 6*724 
U A L m c 
6o i t M J I 
UAL p f 
4o 
U G iC p 
I «o 
UG I p l 
J 75 
UM C In p 
I 
U M E T T r 
UO P 
H o 
U V I rid 
I 5o 
UV In pf 5 5o 
UV In p f I 26 
U A R C O 1 » 
U narco 
6o 
U n ilL t 
I Ode 
Uh»N V I ate 
Un B am p 
84 
UC a m p I 8o 
U nC df b 2 IO 
U nC m rce 
UnionCp 
U nE lac 
I 36 
U n g i pf 3 5o 
Uh E l p f 4 5o 
Un El pf 4 56 
Un El pf 2 72 
U nC l pf 7 44 
On El pf 
8 
U nE .de i 
Un OC al 7 K) 
UOCa pf 2 5o u P ac Cp n 
U n P a t pf 47 
U n rroyal so 
U n r v a l p t8 
Un B ra n d 
» 
Un Br no prA 
Un 1' Cg 
RH 
U .-i,n R > I 12 
5 
U F.nC al 
24 
4 
U n G rn ly 
7 
U lilu m 
I 44 
9 
U n h ip o i l 2o 
Un t in d 
7o a 
U n it rn pf 
47 
Urn I Inn 
14 
7 
U lee Bk 
I o4 
« 
Uni IM M 
4o l l i i 1166 
56 I© 
M I 
K 
4 | 
USE d o 2 64 to 
479 f e l l 
USHOrri 
14 
U S ln g 

 t i 
23H 
31 
4o*. 
2o*. 
32*§ r n 
9 N 
U H 
24' I 
79-« 
IS H i m 
22 , 
22' 7 
22 N 
27 
2o 
J I* . 
U N 
I N 
17 

M N 
21H un 

49*8 
U+8 
S9 i 
4 1H 
7 H 
7 H 
IS* , 
4 in 
S t17 

65 
I 
7 
19 
6 
2o 
6 
37 
4 
I i 
IO 
296 
17 US3 
8 2652 
16 
DR 
14 
214 a IMI 
/M IO 
7 43o 
2 5oo 
264 
I 
I 
7 
9 
8 1737 

.2 1 .3 
I 
19x2128 IO '. y 2 2 IO 89 
719 
9 
> 
■ 
56o 
5 U U 
» 
272 
7 
164 
92 

6*8 
167o 
17+4 
39' 7 
12 
5+. 
2o'a 
9N 
37 
87 N 
77' 7 
3o' a 
5 
9*. 
U H u n i8' a 
12*. 
IO' 1 
35' J 
6N 
11*8 
57+8 
9+8 
56*8 
92j i j 
I ’ , 
34*4 
127 
U H 
26 
27 
36' < 
39’ J l f rn 
1o 
42H 
41 
ISH 
82*7 
9' a 
IT 
TON 
29*8 
51*4 
3+8 
2SH l l * . 
24+4 
2oN 
34*4 
I I H 
16 
8*» 
17 
1o+8 
M N 
21*4 
52*. 
16 7 
6*8 
I I H 
25 
25*8 io n 
7*4 u n 
14H 
JJN i o n 
11 
14*7 
1o6', 
72H 
17 
IO N 
1o6 
*3*4 
76*4 
ION 
22N 
J IH 
38'. 
TOH 
32' 4 
1*4 
9* 1 u n 
23 

 u 
IO' 7 
TON 
71 
TO 7 
22 
U N 
JON u n 
I* ? 
IS 
31+a 
65' 7 
37+4 
V n rn u n 
57H 
5 /Nzn 
6*7 lf* 8 
M N l l 

13*. 
IIIN 

IK 

IJ H U i'N u c ir 
. P k M n 

,131o 
24 1 
12* 

I 

Ui'Refg 
}E o r 1 

 t i : ^ i . t r 
" 
U t US Shoe I X 
* J N USS'MH 2 JO 

U« 1844 

9 
X 
9 * 1398 

* 314* 

22 I 
14' 7 

U H 

 t o in u n 

 t o f l 

52 
79N 
R J N 
69 
4 n 
S6N 
TI a 1 u n 
RH 
R7 
RN 
12 » 
ION 
TSH 
I I H 
U N l f24 n 
21 
14 
RH l f * . 
11*8 
33*. 
3 H 
U N 
£ i i i t ' 1 
1 
6 * 4 

I ; 

N et 
L o tt C hg 

6 H — 
*i 
17 
— 
+ 
I ZN — 
*.. 
41 
+ 
7i 
12*4 
S+8 
2 2 'r t 
I*. 
9 N 
37* 9— 
', 
88 
+ 
' 
7 7N — 
* 
JO N— I* 
5 
— 
9 N + 
' 
12*7 u n , 
' 
M n 
7 is 
+ 
* 
JO* r ~ 
1 
3 6 — 
1* 
7 
— v 
11N + 
> 
58 
9+8 - k 
577.+ IV 
93N t I 
V t 
* 
I ’ m— 
' 
34H 
I 
1 27 ', 
J' 
U N - 
+ 
2 7 N - 
7 
27+81 
* 
36'4 
* 
39* 4 - 
* 
27 
+ 
' 
JO H— 
' 
4 1N 
4 3 - 6 
15*4 
.. 
1 
9 H + 
' 
I V j - iv 
3o 
+ 
' 
2o*4— 
* 
JR’ 4 
** 
S2N f k 
47o+ I* 
26+8 + I 
J J N - 
* 
25* 4 + 
' 
72*4 t I * 
347e - 
' 
11+8+ 
’ 
U N 
RN 
17 
- 
» 
1o78 ~ 
* 
33*4 r 
« 
2 1 *4 - 
' 
57*8 
IV 
17 
+ 
' 
R N — 
' 
17’ . + I* 
TS N 
' a s *, 
. 
W H - 
* 
7 *8+ 
' u n - 
* 
*4* a— I 
3 7 ? + v 
1 o * 8 - 
' 
I I N + 
V 
1 4 H + 
» 
1o6*» - I 
2 3 * 4 , 
> 
17' ? - 
* 
1 o ',+ v 
1o6 
- I 
#5* a— 
’ 
26+8+ 
* 
I O N - 
' 
23 
+ 
* 
J I * , ____ 

 a r 
1 
32’ » + 
» 
I N — 
1 
R n 
* 
157o , 
' 
23 
- 
« 
JR*» f 
7 
U N 
* i o n 
» 
H H - 
1 
J I N » 
I 
JI 
— 
* 
22 
I 

8 
* / 
* 
U N , 
* h i t 
* 
15*4— I* 
JJN 
.. t i ' 1 1 J 
I7 N 
J 1 
JOH 
* la* 1 ♦ v ic 
+ 
I i 
— 
12*4 + l f ' l + 
RON + 
778 ► 
7 H + 
U N 
M 's — 
SI a 
- 
TRN 
RS* ? * at 
— 
4 n - p 
JJN 
49' 4 * 

Y oarly 
H ig h Low 

29 H 
19*8 USTobc I 4o 
39 >h 
3oH Un Tech 
12o 
175*4 I l l 1 ? U n T c h p t 8 
171 *4 1o4 
U nT ch pf 7 3? 
TOH 
14 
Uni Tel 
12o 
I ’ m 
I N U ni Tel w t 
29*4 l l 'n U n.TI p f I 5o 
74 ’ o 
U H U m T l pf A l 5o 
9 H e 1 U n itro d 
IO 
IO 
15 *4 
9 ‘ 7 U n iv a r 
2?'n 
22' B U n iv F d s 
3J *4 
IS' 1 U n Le a t 
*8' 2 
34 
U p io hn 
U H 
11*8 USL IE E 
U N 
9 H U shfeF 
45 *8 
27H U la h P L 3 12 
34*8 l f a U fP L p f 2 8o 

V 
U+o VECO 
I IO ll* 1 V S IC o rp 
8o 
6 
V a h e y ln 
4o 
12 
V a ria n 
28 
-I N V a ro ln c 
o5e 
3*4 VAT! dO 

So let 
(h d t.) H ig h Low 

13 
94 
28 l l " , 
7x2731 36N 
34N x 369 161 
156 x !5 117 
I U 
9x2839 19*o 
18 
1o2S 
2*o 
2 
5 
28+a 28*4 x25 24 
2 3 ", 
189 
7 ', 
6 H 
145 
9 7o 
9 N 
47 
22* 1 I V , 

 l'» 

17 
— 
IC 
+ 
IC N . 
9 . 8 
U '8 r 
1o+8- 
27N 4 
I I N 
U N 
I V * , 
24*8 
22 * 4 
U ? 4 
I H + 
U 7o 4 i i ' t — 
W i n 
J ', 4 
U+8 
U N ♦ 
49H i i ' § * 
2 *N ► 
J 
R N 
I I N 

72*4 
47 » * 

2 8 *4 
2 o *? 
9 *. 
19*8 
13*4 
6*8 

IS 
31 
I S H 
9N 
I S H 
4 9 N 
57 
6o 
89 
1o1* 2 
Io8H 
J IN 
89 
85' 2 
SN 
2 9 *4 
SR 
23 
(SOH 
5 *. 
U H 
17’ . 
33N 
2 4 N 
23+8 
41 
44’ 4 
U N a 
ION 
U N 
2 7 ' 1 
J O N 
29H 
58 
IO N a 1 ? 
JJN 
2o'* 4 
3$ 
21*4 
26' 4 
IS 
1 S N 

2o 
7 
18 *4 to n 
IO N 
JJN 
2 8 N 
11*4 
56 
42*8 
I V , 
IT H 
3oN 
M N i i '4 
19 o 
T O N 
53' 7 
7 7 *4 
M N 
48' 2 
2 '. 
37 N 
JSN a n 
6A . 
26 4 
(A1 . 
73 N 
52* 2 
14 >4 
J Z H 
39' 4 
9*8 
26* 1 f * 
U N 

79 
SO 2 
9 N a n 
62 
9* 1 
19' 2 
JJN 
M i j CRN 
21*4 ic 
JJN 
J I 
31+8 
2 m 
EH 
U N 
IO N 
I M* / 
J I 1 rn 

3*8 V enice 
TO 
U x73 
U N Vest Se I H e 
6) 
16* ? V et co 
2oe 
8 2185 
7* 7 V ia com 
IS 1379 
3+o V ic to rC 
OS*' 
2o4 
U N V a E P w I 24 
8 3349 
41’ ? V a F P p f 4 2o 
,1o3o 
45 ? Va F P p f 4 8o 
/6o 
49 
V a E P p f 
5 
,6oo 
72*4 V a E P pf7 72 
,31o 
*3 
V a E P p f a 84 
,2o 
9* 
V a E P p t9 75 
,31oo 
27N V a E P p f7 9o 
93 l l ' 1 V a F p fjZ 72 
, 62o 
72*4 V a E P pf7 45 
,28o 
4 N V om ad o 
IO 
1o7 
18*4 V u lc n M 
I IO 
8 .6o 
42' n W abR p(4 5o 
, 57o 
U N W achova 
54 
9 
184 
39’ 7 W ach pf2 2o 
28 
2 N W a c h R ly 
US ll* 1 W a lM a rt 
IO 13 
271 l f a W a lg rn 
I IO 
7 
94 
24 
Wlkr A I 4oa 
9 
77 
U N W a ll Bps 
66 
8 
257 l l ' 2 Wan AN 
I 
4 
127 
22*8 W a lM p f! TO 
3 
28' 4 W a lt Jim I TO 8 
92o 
ION W a ltJ pf 
I 
,5oo 
31' / W alt J p f I 6o 
23 
SN W a rd F d 
47f 
55 
5* ? W a m a c o 
$22 
IS 
W rn t pf I SO 
4 
U N W a rn s 
I XI l l 
69 
17' i W rnC om 
6o 
8 
293 
35 
W rnC pf I 25 
4 
RN W m e r Co 
6o 
8 
23 
77* I W a rn e rL 
I 14 2967 
18 
Wash GS ! 88 
7 
$1 
ION Wash H at 
8o 
6 
26 
25N W asN p f2 5o 
I 
12*4 W ash Sh 
I 
6 
JR 
19*2 W asW at 
1 76 
7xJoo 
6*4 W asteM 
JO l l 
SOR 
14 
W a tk m J 
32 14 
54R 
4 N W ayG os a 
7 
I } 
U * 2 W dyG p f I 6o 
J 
4 
W i-anU td o5e 
8 236 
IJ H We# p f2 2ok 
181 
SN W e a fh rd 
SO 
6 
4! 
3 ‘ i W e b b D e l 
U 
476 
19' a W ersM kt 
82 
9 
95 
U N W etlsF oo I 12 
9 753 
5 ‘ a W etIF M 
54e 17 
18o 
47' ? W fP P p f 4 5o 
,18o 
13’ ? W t Pf Pe I 4o 
7 
162 
71*4 W s tc tT r I 94 
8 
6 
8*4 W n A irL 
4oa 
I 1381 
17N W nB nc 
I 4o 
8 
555 
11*4 W n N o A r n 
I 
41o 
6 
W nP ac In 
7 
29o 
IJ H W n P o b l 
8ob 
6 
141 
15*4 W U nion I 4o 
9 
59o a 
W k Un pf 4 6o 
7 
25 
W U TI p f 2 56 
MJ 
U 
AeslqEl 
97 
6 3472 
43' ? W .-stg pf 3 8o 
, 35o ll 16 A e s tm o r 
39 
24N w s tv a c o I IO 
9 
419 
U h A e y b rg I IR 
5 
33 
W e y e rh r 
8o 18 J *85 
We yr p l 2 RO 
3o7 
W heel I 
6oa I t 
341 
W h e ll E S 75 

9 N D rg F a ir 
D q n lo p 
D u p lx P d 
5 7a D o r T it 
V ? D y n lc tn 
3 f a D yn A m 
RN D y n e llE ! 
1*8 F A C 
In 

4ob 4 
o6e 
8o 
6 
3ob 
9 
ORC l l 
6 
25 
5 

X U 
41 
1o*8 
76 
1o+4 
14319 16 
27 
IS H 

 u n 
7N 
9' ? 
9 a 
7 
5 *4 
16+4 
12*4 
3N 
I V 1 
7 N 
11 *4 
2'/? 
7 i m 
9*8 
3 Ta u n u n 
7N 
5* ? 
7*« 
6+4 
3 
SH 
4 H 
J IN 
O ', 
3*8 
13 
I ’ n 
19 
16*4 
U N 
6*4 
21N 
1o*8 
3* 2 
5+o 
5*4 io n l l 
IO* 7 e n 

16'4 E D G In c 25c 
’ n E agleC 
13' a E a rth Res 
I 
6 
3o+4 EasonO 
2ob 15 
17 
E s trn C 
16o 8 
3*4 E a z o rE 
6 
E cod yn 
I N E dm os 
V n EDO 
3 "4 E g a n M 
4 N E h re n p 
4*4 E lc o rC p 

24 
5 
1oe l l 
Cp 
. lOe 
7 
4o 
7 
2oa 
7 
12 
8 
IOT 
211 12 
I 
6 

4’ ? El Hose 
I N El Aud D 
9 '2 E le c *fo g 
V / E le c E n q 
28 
1*4 E le c t Resch 
U N Elec A m I 2o 
4 V, E n g y R s 
6' ? E rn s t EC 
64 
I N E ro Ind 
4 N E s p e y M f 
4*4 E sqR ad 
3oe 
6*« Essex Ch .32 
I* ? E t,L a y 
7* ? E v a n A r 
2or 
127o E xec Ind 
4 
3*o E x e c u tn 
27t 15 
2 
F D IIn r 
Ole 92 
4 
F a b in d 
25e 
4 
3*o F a bion 
4o 
28 
*4 F a irT e x 
178 F a ir ! Nob 
2* 1 F a irm C . U e 16 
2oH F a lc o n s 
I IO 
4’ 1 F a m D o lr 
16 
6 
1*o F arm Rec 
4 a n F a n n y F 
5oe 
6 
F a s h F a b 
F a y D rg lOe 12 
F e d M a rt 
6o 
5 
F e d R lty I 24 13 
FedR es 
F e lm n f 
.12e 23 

29 
231 
247 
91 
9 
22 
231 
329 
23 
17 
IO 
767 
23 
12 
8 
44 
MO 
75 
176 
15 
6 x 19 
13 
89 bb 
155 
3 
2 
69 
153 
1o4 

 last Cl u n 
12 un 
17H i7>/4 
17N + 
9 
1 o H + IN 
IO N 
1o*8— 
H 
1 N 19 16 
U N 
15”4 + I 

Page 
I 2-E San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 19 1977 

‘ 
' — 
----------------------------- 

 i 
7*. 
12' . l l 
4 
8 
5 
F el sw ay 
36 
7s F ib re b rd w t 
I 'a F id e l co 
I N F ilm C p A 
5*4 F ilm w y 
o5r 
8 
5' 2 F in G en 
36b 
7 
5 N F in G n A 
36b 
5 N F t Conn 
25e IO 
2*815 16 P s fH a rttd 
4*4 
3’ 4 F s tH rt p l 5o 
57a FstS LS h 
2' it F s tm rk 
9+4 F is c h rP 
48t 
13’ ? F itc h b G 1.44 
1*8 F la g g 
2 N F la g s ta ff 
4+« F la v rln d 

M N 
4N 
17 n 
17*4 
2+4 
6 * h 
8*o 
15*4 
1+4 
5 
4’ a 
5 
2o 
1 6 *4 
24N 
6' a 
11+4 
9*8 
32 
93 
9 N 
4H 
U H 
4 
1o*4 
IB N 
23' 4 
6 
3 
IO' 7 l l 7, 
8 ’ « 
3 *4 

F lig h tS f 
o9e l l 
9 16 F lo c k 
1+8 F la C a p 
7 
2*4 F la R c k 
U 
1+8 F lo w G e n 
6 
9+a F lo w e rs 
RO 
7 
13' b F lu k e J 
13*4 F ly D ia O 
3*4 F o od rm 
4o 
7 N F o o d w y s 
5 
7 
F o ote M 
25e IO 
28 
Foote pf 2 X) 
72*4 FordC an 
5a 
4 
F o re s t Ct 
o5e 
2 *h F o re s tL a b 
7 
7*4 F o xS ta P 
5o l l 
I '" F ra n k ln R I 
6*8 F ra n k N u 
JR 
6 
IO 
F ra n t, 
8oa 
6 
15*4 F re s n illo 
4o 91 
3' 7 F rie d m 
24b 
6 
I ' ? F rie n d F r 
12 
6+8 F riq tm p 
55t 
6 
7 
F ris c h s 
3ob 
7 
5' b F r o n tA ir 
5 
1+4 F ro n tA ir w t 

6 
5 l l x71 
83 
23 
3o 
77 
64 
13 
61 
2 bis 
49 
6 
2 
123 
61 
IU 
8o 
268 
316 
42 
125 
55 
6o 
617 
IS 
9 
21 
3 
3 
36 
6 
84 
3 
24 
89 
2o 
4o8 
2 
29 
125 
IQ I 
52 l l 
2o4 
8 
549 

15 

7+4 
5 
5’/, a n 
2+4 
U N 
IN 
I7 N 
45+4 
25+4 
6+4 
U N 
2* a l l 
5 ’ ? 
6+o 
6 * 4 
5+s 
4 ’o 
U N 
8 ", 
T h 
I V I 
R N 
11+4 
I N 
5 + 8 
1o+4 
9 *4 
3N 
14+4 
U N 
4 *4 
2+8 
5 * 7 
4 ' a 
I ’ 2 
V/* 
3' 2 
38*4 
5+8 
2' 4 
IO l ' i 
VZ 
U H 
U N 
4+o 
21*8 
9+8 
I N 
2+o 
2 H 
9*8 
JO' » io n 
6+a 
I 
4 
9+8 
2*8 
U H 
16*4 
I N 
4 N 
7 
1 5 '/ 

7 N 
4+4 
S H 
7 N 
2 N 
U N 
I N 
17 
43N 
24* i 
RN 
15’ > 
2 Vt 
1o+s 
5 *4 
6*9 
6*8 
4+a 
4*8 
14+8 
8 
1+4 
1 8 *4 
RN 
1o+4 
1+8 
5 * 4 
9 
8+8 
2 N 
14 
U+o 
4*8 
2*4 
5 H 
3 + 8 
1*o 
2*8 
3*o 
36 
5 * 4 
2 *4 
9+8 
1*o 
1 5 N 
13’ 2 u n 
4V, 
2o 
9+8 
’n 
T i 
I ’n 
8+4 
IO’ a 
1o*8 
6 N 
I 
4 
9 ’ I 
2+8 
U N 
U N 
I '/ i 
4 N 
7 
U N 
+b 13 16 
478 
4 N 
3 '/, 

16 
79 
6 
3 
5y87o 
B l l 
SI 
1o6 
33 
5o 
4 
27 
19 
3 
128 
16 
6 9 
U 

4 * 8 
4+8 
19+8 
U N 
23 
6 
IO N 
7+4 
31N 
87 N 
7+b 
3* ? 
9*o 
3 N 
V+4 
17 
18*8 
5*4 
I 7, 
9' o 
7*4 
6 * 4 
2+o 

19 
15*o 
21*7 
5+8 
IO 
7 N 
31*o 
8 5 ", 
IV* 
3 
B N 
3* 2 
9*o 
17 
17H 
5 
I N 
SN 
7 
6* I 
V i 

THn 
4+4 
5 ' / , + 
*o 
7+8— 
'n 
2N — 
'n 
U N iv,...... 
17+8 
44 
— I N 
2 5 * 4 * I N 
6+4— 
Vs 
U N f 
N 
2 N + 
+8 
1 o *8 — 
*o 
5 *7+ 
*8 
6+4 
6 * i *- 
'n 
4+8— 
N 
4+8— 
H 
15 
— 
N 
8 *o + 
*4 
1+4— 
2 1 '/,+ 2 N 
6 *o — 
*o 
1o+o+ 
'n 
1 + 8 .............. 
5 * 8 . 
.. 
. 
9 N t 
’N 
9*o— 
*o 
2+8— 
N 
141/?— 
*8 
13 
. . . . . 
4 N + 
*o 
2 +4— 
'n 
5 N + 
*o 
4 * o + 
*o 
1*7+ 
*o 
2 * 8 — 
*8 
3*o—- 
1 8 
3 8 ’ 4 + 2 
S N — 
*o 
2*4 
. . . 
IO 
+ 
*8 
1*4 
1 5 7o— I * . 
14 
+ 
*8 
1 4 N + 
H 
4 * 4 . . . 
2 o H t 
*8 
9 N . . 
I 
— 
*4 
2 N — 
* 8 
I 
— 
'n 
9* o - 
+4 i o n + 
'n i o n - 
*/» 
RN— 
' 8 
I 
. . . . 
4 
9 7» + 
2*P 
13+4— 
16*4 
I */4 + 
4 * o — 
7 
— 
13+8. 
7o— I 16 
47o+ 
*o 
3+4+ 
1/4 
4 N + 
*8 
19*o— 
N 
U N F I N 
21+4— 
6 
+ 
IO 
— 
Z N — 
31N — 
8 5 ' 
7’ o + 
3*4 + 
9*8 + 
3*o— 
9*o + 
17 
19' 8 + 
5*4 + 
1*4. 
SN 
7 
— 
6 '/,— 
T i — 

 c ; - n - 1 
4 
5 16 G IT In d 
11 
8* 8 
I 
G R IC p 
115 
I* 7 
I 
GSC E n 
42c 
13 
18 
7*4 
N 
G T I 
34 
I I N 
5 'e G a b rie l 
4o 
5 
54 
7*2 
4 
G a la x y 
6 
13 
• l l 7 8 
7 
G aran 
6o 
5 
26 
3 N 
I N 
G a r c ia 
38 i ’ n 
2 H G a rla n d 
4 
2o 
I IN 
S H G a te s L rje t 
4 
51 
5*4 
I '» 
G a y lo rd toe 
3 
7 
VN 
' 2 G avn o r 
G n E m p 
!9r 
43 
3' 8 
I N 
5 
IO N 
3+4 G e n E x p 
13 
472 
4+4 
I N 
G n H o u s 
4 
96 
I ' * 
+4 
G n R e c re 
22o 
3N 
I ' 1 G enge 
6 
I U 
I 
I ' a G em sco 
8 
179 
6 N 
5* 7 G e n o v D r 
6 
IO 
4*8 
IN 
Gexn Ind 
24o 
ZN 
I ' 1 G e rb e r 
I 
17 
IS H 
13*4 G ia n fF d la 
5 
41 
8 + o 
3 N 
G ia n tY e l 
95 
259 
IO N 
2* ? G la d d in g 
179 
SN 
2' 2 G la s ro c k 
264 
38 
26* ? G ia ffltr 
I 8o 
6 
54 
6* ? 
3*4 G le nG e r 
16 
6 x4 t 
U N 
6*4 
G lenD s 
441 
I l l 
18' a io n 
G lo b o ln 
6oa 
5 
111 
13 
9 ’ 2 G losser 
32 
6 
I 
14* 1 e n 
G lo u c s lE 
5 l l 
I 
2 '4 
G lo ve r 
We 
5 
5 
3' o GI d bi a tt 
28 l l l l 
16*8 
12N 
7*4 
RH 
G oldnC yc 
G oldnW 
36e 
59 
7 
62 
196 
I N 
' 1 G o ld fie ld 
142 
4 H 
I N 
G oodLS 
o7r 
6 
5 
B N 
2+t G oo d rich w t 
423 
6 
3*4 G o rie s t lOe 
5 
6 
23*8 
IS 
G o rm R 
9oa 
8 
28 
2*8 G ould IT 24e 225 
5*8 G ra n d A u 
JO 
5 
6 ’ n G rn d C tl 
3o 
6 
2*4 G tA m ln d 
4 
2 N G *B a sin P 
58 1334 
25*8 G tL kC h 
28 IS 
4 7a G tL a k R 
22r 
9 
J * . G re en m a n 
4 
4 a G re er H y 
12 
5 
4 N G R E IT 
4o l l 
IO 
G ro ssT lc 
I 
6 N G ro w C 
32o 
7 
4 * . G ua rd C 
4ob 
8 
4' ? G u ilfo rd 
2o 
4 
2o7a G ItO ilC a n 
I 
I 
4 ', G it R e p F n 
4 
. 3 * . G u H s trm 
9 IR M ateo P ro d 
5 
6*4 HahsARot 
5o 
5 
3*8 H a m p D 
15e IR 
3 7» H a m p tn 
2 
1o+4 H a n n frd 
6o 
5 
R H H a nyrS h 
RO 
5 
2 N M a n S q R t 
M a rla n d 6o1ox162 
M a rtfd Z d 
H a rt,M 
22e l l 
■ 
*» H a rv e y G p 
« 
3 N H asbro 
5 
R H H a s tin g 
4o.1 
7 
• 
J 
Ha wa i A 
IOT 
4 
5 
H e aith C h 
IO 
4 
J * . H e a ith M 
JO 
5 t 
I * . 
H e in ic k K a 
9 t 
I 
H p .tm M tg 
. 
2' ? H iG ln c 
15t 
34 
• 
6' . M ishe ar w i 
4 
3*8 H ig h la n d 
37« H illh a v n 
32 
5 i 
5' 2 M ip trn ic 
2o l l a 
I *4 H o fm n ln d 
23 
4 
25' ? H o tng A 
I RO IO 
2 
H o lly C p 
IO 
4 
73 ? EfomeOA 
75 
8 
4 
U H H o rm e ! 
I 12 
9 a 
4 N H o rn H a r 
. 
5*4 H ospM 
6oe 27 a l l ' . H otel In 
I 37e 13 
• 
4 N H ousR on 
3o 
5 
4 
4 
House Vt 
32 l l a 
6+4 H o s M in n l l 
• 
32’ . H o u O ilM 
RO 3)] 
4 
U H M ow elC 
4oe 
7 
H 
J' n H ow ell 
ISe 
J 
« 
IV 2 H u b e tiA I so IO 
TRV. H ubei IB I 5o IO 
41 
H ub pf A l 75 
• 
J * . Hue k M fg 
TO 13 a 
1*8 Hudson O n a 
31 
Hod BO 
IS ? 
I a 
6 
H u ffm a n 
SO 
5 
2 
H g n tM it 
15a 
5 
> 
IR' ? Musk yO 
RO t 
» 
I 
H y e e lln c 
7o a 
2‘ ? IC H C p 
32» 
6 
4 
3 N IC M R 
• 
5 
IM C M g 
2o 
6 
4 
2 '? I SC F m l 
JO 25 
13 IR I T IC p wi 
4J 16 Im p C h 
3oa 
6 

154 n o 
39 
63 
MR 
21 
RO 
23 
91 
63 
28 l l 
IS 
78 
35 
78 
3 
344 
IO a n 
47 
14 
29 
23 
47 x544. 
174 
191 
5 
23 
4 
2 
26 
168 
126 
35 
1973 
273 
2o 
52 
2o 
42 

o7a 

13 

P'; 

Im p G r p i 
1*4 Im p e r Ind i 
U H Im p O 'lA 
SR l l i 
I * . In a rc o i 
8' i In c o trm 
41 
I n e t p f i 
I in f lig h t Sv i 
I N Ino la x i 
3* i Inst to n 
2o i l l I t In s tr Sys 
Z n InsSy pf 25a 
> 
I N In ta g R e s 
> 
2*4 fn frm e d 
I 
5*4 h ill Ai urn 
SO 
I 
1*4 In t B n k n t l l 4353 
M N tn tC o u r 
26 
9 
UR 
1 
I N In tF d S vc 
> 
I ' 1 (n tF u n rl 
1 
8 tn tG e n ln r 
1*8 In tP ro tn 
1 
4 H In t Sea w 
1 
I N In tS tr tc h 
IS H In t Sr Con r 
N in te r phot 
In te r p o o l 

U 
R 
I 
IR 
618 
R 
91 
,4o 
43 
J 
52 
437 
3 
5$ 
3M 
62 

SS' l l 
62 
IR 
W h e al P it 
SJR 
24 a * 4 W h a 'P it p l 5 
,53o 
TI 
W h irIp o t 
RO U 179s 
IR* 
W h it Con 
I IO 
6.481 
34-4 W h ite 
P IO 
26 
3 ‘ r W h .te M o t 
444 
U N W h itin g I IO 
6 
68 
J 
Wh I t a k r 
7 
59o 
9' a W ickes 
Jar 
IO 
295 
4 
W i-txttS t 
32 
R 
IRR 
2o 
W rlh a m s 
I IO 29o* 
IR 
W rltm s p f RO 
2 
5 'a W ils h rO 
)2e IO 
55$ 
W m nO * I 56 U 1653 

In te r w a y tnvestE la 
Inv Dx A 
2oa 
In v O . B 
Use 
Inv R tT r to n ics hic 
Iro n B rd 
2o 
Iro q B m d lr y in ln d 
Isra el D 

75 
OST* 
6 «74 
TO 
5 
85 
9 
TSR 
Tie 
4 
135 
• 
I 
J 
>62 
IS 
7 
78 
19 
79R 

 f t 

29o 
32 
62 
ITZ 
IO 
6 
76 
IS 

2 
IN 
IM 
N 
3*o 
2+8 
3 
F 
' o 
IN 
IN 
1*4— 
' s 
2 
1H 
I 
13*7 
12+8 
13+4 + 
' *7 
4+t 
RN 
4+8 
9N 
9+ o 
9N F 
' n 
2*4 
I 
2+8. 
4 's 
RH 
RH— 
1 rn 
1o+4 
ION 
1oN + 
'n 
4* 2 
RN 
RN. 
I 
’n 
7/„_ 
'n 
IN 
IN 
1+8 
8 H 
7' 7 
8’ I F 
’ N 
2 H 
2 
2'6 + 
' 8 
I * , 
Un 
1 *o 
2N 
7+o 
2 * o— 
I 4 
1*4 
I' 
I N F 
'n 
5N 
5N 
5 N — 
' 4 
2+8 
IN 
2 
+ 
N 
6 * o 
6N 
6 * 4 F 
'n 
17' 8 
U N 
17 
+ 
'n 
7N 
6H 
7*8 + 
>2 
4> o 
3N 
3*x F 
N 
5 * o 
5 
5 + 8 
35"? 
3R' ? 
35' 4 ♦ 
N 
5+» 
5+7 
5 ',— 
*8 
U N 
IR' 2 
U N - 
I 
17V. 
U N 
16' 4 r ? u n 
ION 
ION — 
'■ 
U N 
IIN 
U H . 
' 2 
3N 
3*4 
3' 4 
'n 
4* 8 
I 
4+8 f 
VR 
H H 
IO ', 
U H * rn 
11*8 
ION ll 
+ 
H 
’n 
N 
N —I 16 
I 
I ’n 
2 
F rn 
BH 
IU zn 
<4 
4", 
RN 
4+4— 
*6 
TON 
19+4 
2o' 4 F 
'n 
4N 
RH 
RN+ 
12, 
7N 
7' o 
7N 
8*8 
7N 
8H + rn 
6+8 
5+o 
6 
6H 
SN 
5N — 
' 8 
36' 1 
35*n 
36 
+ 
N 
S 'I 
5N 
5 *,+ rn 
JU 
3N 
3 N - 
N 
5+8 
5+8 
5N— r n 
6V, 
6 
6 N F 
N 
14*o u n 
14H + 
'n 
9*4 
9N 
9'N— 
IR 
WH 
9N 
1o'/4 + rn 
5N 
J 
S N F 
'n 
27'n 
JRN 
27H + 
N 
IO' 2 
1o'n 
IO N — rn 
6N 
R 
R*8— 
'n i n 
I 
I 
— 
14+7 u n 
IR 
+ 
'n 
6+8 
RN 
R+». 
5 
RN 
5 
— rn 
12+4 
12*7 
1 2 ',- 
H 
ION 
IO", 
1o+2 
4+4 
RN 
B N F 
N 
TOH 
19' 4 
2o*8 F 
BR 
4 * o 
RH 
R' I— 
N 
12*4 
U N 
U N — 
H i n 
I 
I* . 
8+8 
7N 
8 H f 
'n 
U N 
ION 
U N F 
1 
4'4 
4 
4 
— rn i n 
ZN 
7N F 
14 
1 f n 
7 
1 
IN 
I N ­ 
+8 
IN iv , 
I ’ 7— 
' 8 
3*» 
3 *4 
3 H rn 
6' 4 
6'4 
RH 
SH 
4 * o 
5H F 
1« 
7 
5+4 
R’ 6— 
’n 
RN 
RN 
RN 
J 
2N 
ZN F 
• t 
JRN 
28' 1 
28' 2 F 
U 
RH 
SN 
5 N — 
' 2 
J IH 
27 N 
28HF 
' 7 
TSU 
26' a 
27 H e 
IN 
6 H 
SH 
6 N F 
N 
8 
I 
I 
U H 
13 
U N — ' n 
4+6 
4H 
RN - 
'n 
5 
RN 
47e— 
'n 
8+ 4 
BN i m . . 
52 
R7 
SI 
F 
V 7 
17N 
U N 
U N — IN 
J 
3+4 
RH + 
'n 
34+. 
34H 
3 R N - 
'n 
34N 
JR 
34'4— 
N 
5o+4 
5o+4 
5o+r— 1+4 
RN 
RN 
RN. 
SN 
5 
J' 4 
JSN 
33N 
33 ' 7- im 
U N 
U N 
’1 
+ 
14 
3+8 
3N 
3N 
23N 
21 ’n 
23+4 f 
N 
4' I 
R 
RH — r n 
I 
I 
4 
S U 
S H 
S N — n 
TU 
7 
7 
— 
BR r n 
2H 
JN F rn 
5 U U U U IS U n 
IR 
SN 
SN 
S N — 
* t 
RU U U U U IR— I -IR 
I U 
2 
2 
— ap 
23H 
22*4 
22 7 4- 
+4 
7H 
2 
2 
- rn 
U N 
U N 
IR 
+ 
* 4 a , a a 
IN 
IN 
I t e­ 
H 
IN 
IN r n 
7*4 
7+4 
ZN— 
N 
I *o 
I 
1+4 F 
•a 
ION 
ION 
W H f rn 
7 
IN 
2 
7+4 
7*6 
I ' , 
IJH 
12 
12 
- 
*• 
4' 1 
JN 
4 
F 
+4 
U N 
U N 
U N F m 
1 + 7 
IN 
1*1 . 
2N 
7N 
J' 1 
U H 
U H 
IR7. F 
H 
4+6 
RN 
5*4 - 
IN 
9 ? 
9 
• 
+ 
’n 
I N 
IN 
IN 
217» 
JO 
J IN F 
1 
1*4 
1+6 im 
U N 
IR 
IR 
H 
I I N 
IR '4 
U N - i n 
1*4 
I N 
19 
17N 
IV 
F 
H 
RN 
4*o 
RH I t 
5+7 
5 N - 
I j 
IR u n 
18 
* a 4 
7*8 
7 . 
ZN 
IS u 
IS 
R 
5+4 
SN - 
* o 
4 ’ ( 
RVI 
RH 

J 
K 
L 
OU* 
77 

' ? Jam sw y 
+4 J -annal 

45a 6 .1 7 2 
OSr 
4o 

W inn D r* 
W inn ego 
W inte r J 
ROa 
W ist E P 
1 w«sE p f a 9o 
W ise p f 7 7$ 
A d r as 
I TO 
W .sC pf 2 55 
W im p * 
I RO 
Wise PS 
I a 
W ilco 
I 4o 
W ittrD 
RO 
Woi yr W 
1oa 
A a m e fee 
48 
WoodCp 
4o 
Wood Pat 
2o 
A o iw th 
I 4o 
W olw p f 2 JO 
W tx io A tr 
4 *4 W n g ly 2 4oa 
S+4 W u rltia r 
4o 

U N 
2+N 
99 
14+4 
17 
JJN u n 
IS *4 
2oE r 
IO 
3 H 
W H 

IS *. 

J IN 
J U 

M N 
JOH 
IQ S', 1o6 

 r 

2oa 

W ytam 
W yl yCp 
A e ro . 
JLfraCp 
I 2o 

RH Y aies 
11*4 Zaie C orp r r l l 
2 a’ef it A 
RC 
W* 4 Za pa ta jo t 
44 
Zapata p f 
J 

23 ‘ ia rn th « P 
1 
* * o I m n Ina a 

J 

IIH 
. . . . ^ 
W t k B L Y H Y H O C K S ALE R tn t al fo r weak 
Week ago fe a r ago 
I w o fO.ni s ago 
Jan I to o a u 
1976 W d ate 
WTS ti? d a U 

I 
Mil rom 
7*8 lo hn P d 
J* 
7*» J u ri'n a rP 
J N Jim .ta r 
3*o K T a *ln 
4$e 
R 
K a is rln d 
26 
4* a K a n a M ill w t 
4* 2 K a p o k T 
IOT 
2 * . K ayC p 
ISe 
4*o K a n w in 
34a 
4*o K a tch m .tor 
U H K ew anee l l 
I N Key 
CO 
5*8 K eys! in d 
3o 
'n K iddo Wt 
1*4 K .n A rK 
IN K in g Opt 
RH K fig PU 
R H K irb y R x 
I n K it M fg 
I I 4 K lee. V u 
4*4 K le in e r is 
I J* , b u r t Toy n 
16* 1 K o llm r n 
A H K uh n i f r 
IO 
TH L i B ird tor 
+4 L T v C o rp wt 
7*8 La B e rg t 
Or 
3*« I a M a ur 
2o 
4* 1 t a p p m t 
JOe 
5 N L a G v .n ta 
6 7o I a t.B a d 
2a 
Ms L aka Shor 
I n L n d m r k 
7 . L «* 1 e t u 
Me 
I* t L a Tour Bek 
RN Lea Box 
7+6 LaaihCct 
U 
L a a E n 'r r 1 Lee H ah 
J 
Loa Pf* ar 
J 
I. aff* gf. Pr 
RN L e*vh P d 
OU 
I n L a is u ra T 
A*« L a v itfm 
24 
J* 7 I a w .%BF 
24 
4Nu L ib ty E a b 
4 
L tg h tp ir 
IR 

UR 
SR l l 
R3 
97 

25 
IJJ! 
IS 
33 a 
43 
J 
(Ox Io7R 
J 
1o 
21 
137 
11 
IR 
374 
UT 
19 
19 
854 

I7 N 
IO l f 
3 H 
RN 
I N 
6+4 
SH u n 
4 1 I 
4 h 
6 
RN t 
M N 
I N 
ZN 
J N 
IN 
I N 

T P 
3*8 
4 
RN 
U 7* 
IR 

2 .! 

TR 
192 a; z u a 
7+4 
U 
4+4 
J 
IC 
7N 
7+4 
IN ii; 
ION i f * 
2*4 
4 
S+4 
U N 
I N 
7*4 t i 
I i n 

 u s 
3a 
143 
7 
J l f 
43 
J r n 
25 
9 J 
} 
I 
13 
4 i f99 
4V 

7 
17 
9 N 
IU * 
2+4 
RH 
3 N 
RN 
$ 
U N 
4 N 
4*o 
J 
RN 
S+4 
JI+4 
I N 
7 N 
7*4 
IN 
IN 
RN 
3o 
4 * 4 
J N 
61 ? 
U H 
U N 
6 ? 
J 
N 
2* I 
4N 
4N 
9+4 
Vt* 
I 
I N 
4 
J N 
9+4 
9 N 
24*4 
IN 
I N 
SH 
U N 
1*4 
7 
RH 
7** 
RN 

7 
U N e 
» 76F 
12 
E 
2+8 
8 * 4 
J N 
RN 
J 
_ 
15*8 
4*o 
4* » - 
R 
+ 
1 + 7 - 
J 7» 
37* 6 + 
I N — 
7 N — 
2*4— 
1*o— 
I N 
RN 
31*7— 
47s a 
3 *4 
R * t r 
I E * . 
IR' 7 t ‘ 1 i n 
. 
N i n - 
4N 
4 N 
+ 

TH * 
I N 
4 

 r n m n « 
JR N . 
I N 
4 
— 
H R — 
U + 4 - 
C : 

* n i 
RN 

I N 

Y e o rly 
H ig h lo w 
V n 
4 
4*8 
27o l l ’ , 
4 
3 
1*4 
19*4 
13*o 
U+4 
4+4 
9 ' a 
3*8 
23+4 
28*4 
7*8 
7*4 
3+4 

4 ’ n 
1+4 
9 
197o 
3 H 
I 

L ill.A n n 
.22 
8 
L in c ln A m 
15 
L lo y d s E I 
6 
LodoaS 
. 12c 
6 
Lo h m n 
8oa 
7 
L oe w T h e w t 
L o g ic o n 
6 
L o g is tic 
o6e 
6 
LaG enS v 
8o 
7 
LouisC e I 32 
7 
L u n d y El 
12 
L y n c h C p 
13 
L y n n w e a r 

Sales 
( hcl*.) H ig h lo w 

4 
6 + 4 
6 + 8 
73 
3*8 
41 
7 N 
1o6 
2 N 
19 
19 
531 
9*/4 
149 
9 Vt 
49 
3+3 
1o2 
23*4 
8 
27 N 2 7 ', 
29 
37o 
3 N 
312 
4 
2 
I N 

3*o 
7 N 
2 N 
U N 
S N 
R N 
3 
22* ? 

3+8 
I u 

N et last C hg. 
R N ........... 
3 N + 
*o 
7 N - 
N r n .............. 
1 8 N + 
*k 
87s + 
'/* 
8’ n-h 
N 
3*8........... 
22+8+ 
*o 
27’ ?— 
1/4 
3+o— 
' 8 
4 
+ 
VS 
1+o........... 

27o 
9 
8 *4 
1 *4 
U N 
5 N 
9"? 
5 N 
5+o 
2 
29' o 
ION 
6 
8' 7 
32’ 4 
IO *, 
397 o 
4 * 4 
U N 
7 1o i n 
SH 
22H 
4+4 
14+4 
9' 2 

1*8 M D C Corp 
2+o M PO 
4 
7 
M W A 
4ob 12 
1 2 M a c ro d 
13' 4 M eP bS 
1.4o 
7 
27o M a m m th 
IO 
3' ? M n g o o d 
3 H M a n h L fe 
28 
9 
3 N M a n sf T 
o2r IO 
13 16 M a rin d q 

M 
- N - O 
23 
147 
22 
7+4 

1+4 + 
7+8 + 
7+4 

28 
18 
M a rk C tl 
4 78 M a rle n e 
3 N M a rs h Fd 
4*4 M a rs h ln 
18*4 M a rtP r ,4oe 
6 *8 M a sln d 
4oa 
23*8 M a s n e iln .3o 
M s M a s te rs 
4+4 M a te r Re 
28 l l 
4 
M a u l B r 
U b 
6 
+4 M c C ro r y w t 
2 *. M c C u lO 
24 
AH M c ln ts h 
IN M c Keen 
ION M e a n s F I o8 
SN M e d als) 
44 
3 H 15 16 M e d a ln G p 
4 H i n M e d coJw 
5*8 M eden co 
2o 
2'? M e d fie ld 
14*4 M e diaG n 
4o 
7 N M e g o ln t 
2o l l ' ? M E M C o 
I 
’n M e rc n tile e n M e t ex 
3o 
17+o M e tp th 
I 
N M e tro c a r 
N M e tro G rt 
1*4 M ic h G e n 
9 H M ichS ug 
I 
3 
M i ch s p l 
24 
5' ? M ic k lb ry . 16 
3' 1 M id ld C o 
IO 
9 H M id lG ls B 

7o 
7 

9 N 
BH 
2o’ 7 
17 
19 
2N 
12N 
19' o 
2' 2 
I* 2 
4 7 8 
14' 2 
3*o 
11*4 

IS H 
23N 
23’ o 
2* 2 
' 8 
39 
49’ ? 
IO 
1 ’ n 
32*7 
6 
51 
13N 
6 N 
7' 4 
6*4 
21' 7 
U H 
2*o 
8 ' 2 
8 * 4 
5 N 
25 
7+8 
2' o 11 16 N a tH lth E 

63 
3 
123 
232 
177 
117 
31 
2 
8 
1o4 
59 
15 
153 
21 
24 

47o 
I U bl 
18 
35 
87 
26 
216 
53 
1o8 
172 
72 
5 
57 
221 
23 
25 
153 
64 
7 
3o l l 
21 
267 
51 
24 

I N 
7 H 
V n 
9615 1613 1615 16+ 1-16 
U H 
U+4 
16+8+ 
N 
■ 4*1 
4 V , 
5 
5 

13+4 M ille r Wo 
4o 
U N M ilR o y 
25 
N M is s n lT 
I 64 M is s n lT w t 
17*4 M o P fc R I 3o 
7 
45 
24*4 M itc h I E l l 
6o7 
3+? M ite C p 
.2o 
8 279o 
4 
Mod M a id 
5 
6 's M o ly c rp w t 
4*4 M o n M g t 
4o 
6 
44 
M o n P p f4 4o 
8 H Moog 
6o 
7 
3 N M tg G th 
48o 
4 N M o rto n s 
.32 
3 
3 ’ 2 M o fts S M 
6 
14*4 M tV M il I 2o 26 
4 N M o v S ta r 
44 
7 
I 
M o v ie la b 
8 
3 '? M u h iA m 
2o 
9 
3’ n N apco 
.16 
8 
27a N a rd a M 
.2o 41 
U N N a! CSS 
2o 
9 
5 
N D is tr 
IR 
4 

4 N 
4 N 
5*4 
S N 
I 
27+a 
7 N 
5 
7 
19N 
9*4 
38 
4*4 
11*4 
4+s 
7 7 16 
3 N 
U + 4 
4*8 
14 
8*4 
1+8 
2+4 
V* 2 
6+4 
18+a 
14*4 
19 
I N 
1o+8 
18’ 2 
1*4 
I N 
4 ' n 
I I N 
3 
6+o 
5*4 
I I N 
21’ ? 
16*8 
1+4 

4 Vs 
4 + 7— 
5 
— 
5*4 + 
7o15- IR 
26+a 
26+8— 
7*4 
5 
6*4 
18+6 
9*8 
37*4 
3 N 
1o*4 
4*4 
N 
3*4 
18 
V n 
13*4 
7 N 
I N 
2 
8 N 
5 N 
18*o 
U +o 
17+? 
I N 
1o*4 
17 + o 
IV* 
1+4 
3 N 
1o*4 
3 
5+8 
4+8 
U'/« 
2o* , 
15+o 
IN 

7*8— 
5 
+ 
6+8 
. 
U + t— 
9+4 + 
38 
+ 
4 
+ 
1o*4 + 
4+8. . . 
7-16— 1 
3 N — 
IB N — 

*4 

IO I 32 I 32 I 32 

13+» + 
7 N — 
*B 
I * 4— 
'n 
I n F 
+14 
87/o— 
VS 
6 
U N F 
*R 
12+8— 1*4 
19 
F 1*4 
I N F 
' o 
1o*4— 
N 
1 8 N + 
*4 
1*4 
... r n — 
*8 
4 
--- 
*o 
1o+o— 
*8 
3 
........... 
5+8— 
+8 
4 ’n— 
*4 
U N F 
N 
2 o ', - I 
1 5 + » - 
*/4 
1*4 

2*o 
2N 
12' 2 
13 
TH 
4*o 
6 * 4 
19 ‘ H 
1oH 
3N 
2 H 
34' 2 
U H 
Ma 
36' ? 
U H 
17*8 
18*8 
24*4 
I ' 1 
3 
U N 
5 
5 
12*8 
SN 

N a ! In d WI i n N K Inn e y 
6 
N IP a ra g .4o 
6*4 N tP a te n f 
1oo35o2 

9 
266 
2o1 
,1o 
62 
16 
82 
3 
IR 
38 
21 
IO 
64 
7 
SR 
5 
244 
39 
379 
11o3 

IO 
32 
6 

1’ n N tS ilv e r 
I5e 
6 
2*4 N tS pinng 
I N N a tS ysT 
IO* 8 N a tw H o 
3*4 N eisner 
I ’ 4 N e lly Don 
I N N e st L M 
2114 N E N u c lr 
SO l l 
ION N H a m p 
4oa l l 
N N ld ria 
o4e 
8 
15H N M e x A r 
1o4 
9 N N P ro c 
63e IO ll* ? N Y T im e s 
6o 9 
6*8 N e w b En 
2o 
14 
N e w co r lb 
3 N N e w p rk 
1*o N exus 
.U t l l 7, N ia g F S v 
56 
2*4 N ic h o ls 
27t 
2 
N o e lln d 
3*8 Nolex 
2*8 N o rte k 
o4 
13 U 3 16 N o A m M I w t 
U H 
8 Nor A m R 
IO IO 
9*4*3 16 N o rC d n O 
IO 
54 
45 N IP S p f 4 25 
. 
SN 
2’ a NovoC p 
I I N 
3 Noel D ta 
U N 
8*4 N um acO 
6 N 
3 ’ a O E A in c 
13Sa 
6 H O akw dH 
21 
13' 2 O ffsh o re 
ZN 
4+8 O h io A rt 
24a 
46 
28*.. O hioB 
2a 
12*4 
6*4 Oh S ealy 
48 
1o*4 
4*4 O lla ln d 
2oe 
23N 
14*4 O nLineS 
SI 
31 O O kiep 
3*4 
I O rig in a la 
27a 
I O rm a n d 
28 
16' 2 
IO’ , O S u llvn 
6o 
6 

2o 
25 
2o 
IO 
o9r 4 

I 
14 
5o 
1o 
12 
4 
13 
27 
111 
234 
53 
243 
135 
231 
11 
27o 
38 l l 
2o 
17 
1o3 
61 
IO 
1o9 
234 
,21o 
25 
178 
566 
4 
23 
4 
121 
7 
5o 
4 
34 
7 
35 
8 
8 
14 
152 
12 ,8oo 
51 

12+a 
3 *4 
2 N 
4 * 8 

3* , 
7 16 
IN 
I8+ o 
17*4 
15*4 
U N 
15' ? 
U +o 
3o'4 
JON 
13N 
29 
2SN 
25 
25' ? 
26N 
25*4 
27N 
I3 N 
13'? 
U N 
52H 
51*4 
54 N 
57 N 
92 
2o*8 
63*, 
35 
V t 
V t 
6 
RN 
13*8 
3 N 
26*4 
4 N 
5*8 
ZN 
I 
9 
2 N 
9*4 
32N 
7 
1 4 *8 
5'4 
I* 1 
JSN 
U H 
R n 
BH 
IR *8 
SH 
4 N 
U H 
4 H 

3*4 O u td rS p 
IQe 13 
6*4 O v e rh D r 
5o 
8 
2 N O versSec 
I 
O x fo rd F t 
2 H O /a rk A . lOe 
5 

62 
I bb 
127 
3 
229 
136 

39 
43’ ? 
IO 
7*o 
32'? 
5+4 
5o*? 
U N 
5+4 
5 N 
4 * o 
U U 
1 I'm 
2 
4+4 
8 N 
3 *4 
22*4 
5 * 4 
I* 2 
11 16 
2 ? 
9V* 
12 
3 N 
3 *4 
4 1 2 
1o*4 
SN 
1+4 
1+8 
3o*b 
17*8 
I N 
34 V* 
IO N 
I6 7s 
U H 
2o*4 
6 * 4 
IN 
14+8 
4 *4 
2+8 
4 *4 
3*8 
*4 
15’ 7 
7+8 
5 3 *4 
2 N 
ION 
U N 
3+a 
9 N 
U N 
7+8 
44 
B's 
8 N 
21+8 
34' 1 
Ma 
2+4 
15*? 
7+» 
U N 
3*4 
2 

37N 
4o"? 
9+ 8 
6 * 4 
27+8 
SN 
5o+? 
U N 
5 N 
4 N 
4 
IRV* l l 
17o 
4*/, 
1 ’ n 
3*8 
21’ 2 
SN 
I*/* 
N 
1+8 
ZN l l 
3*4 
3 
4 ' e 
1o*8 
3' 2 
I N 
I N 
2 9 *4 
15*4 
I N 
32'o 
9+ 4 
16' 2 
U N 
2o*'4 
RN 
I ” , 
U N 
4*6 
2+4 
4*o 
3*4 
V* 
14+8 
7*8 
53*4 
2 N 
1o 
11 
3+s 
9 ’4 
16 'n 
RU 
43 
7+8 
8 * 4 
2o 
33 
1*4 
2 N 
15N 
ZN 
1o+8 
3*4 
1+4 
3 N 

1*4 P 
F in d 
'n P N B M R 
WI 
P S A Inc w t 
IR*. P G E p fA I 5o 
14*8 P G E p f B I 37 
12*. P G E p tC I 25 
12* ? P G E p f D I 25 
13 
P G E p fE 
I 25 
12*4 P G E D fG I 2o 
26' B P G E p f T 2 54 
26*b P G E p f S I bl 
I U * P G E p fH I 12 
24+a P G E p fR 2 37 
2Ua P G E p fP 2 o5 
2oH P G E p fO 
2 
2o' ? P G E p fM I 96 
72N P G E p fL 2 25 
21*4 P G E p fK 2 o4 
73*4 P G E p f J 2 32 
I I H P G E p f I 
I o9 
4*4 P H o ldq 
16 
IS 
PHOId p f I TO 
43 
Pac L l pf 4 36 
44' 2 P a c L t pf4 4o 
44 
P a c L t pf 4 5o 
45N P a c L t P*4 75 
73*. P a c L t p fz 64 
14*2 P N w T e l I 32 
9 
52 
P a c P L p f 
5 
22*. P a h C o rp 
4o 13 
P a lo m r F 
IJH 

3o 
2oa 
48a 
.We 
RO 

2oa 
2o 

3 N P a n d e lB 
3 
P a n fa s l 
4 N P a ra P k 
7+t P arkC h 
I U P a rk El 
IR' 2 P arsons 
7 N P atF a sh 
3*4 Pa I agon 
3*4 PatoCG 
I 
P ee rT u 
4 ' ? Pern cor 
1*4 P ennD iK w t 
6 N P e n E M 
6oa 
7 
19 
P e n T r 
I 2ob 
6 
3>h P E C p 
6Kt 
5 
9 N Pen R IE I 15 
8 
2N PenobS 
2oe 
6 
*o P e n tro n 
6 
U U P epB oys lb 
6 l l 
P epC om 
6o 
4 
47 s R ef m i 
JOa 
4 
3 N P er tee 
9 
RN P e tro L e 
2o 
5 7a P h illD 
34e 
J 
2 'n P h o e n ix 
7* 1 P icN P ay 
I N P ie d m n f 

4o J 
13 
1o 
63 
2 
7 
3o 
. l l 
13 
196 
166 
6o 
28 
2o 
15 
1o6 
16 
84 
4 
98 x42 
4 
,4o8o 
,1oo 
,53o 
,'5 o 
,46oo 
61 
,275 
I U 
4 
11 
143 
6 
I 
IO 
14Q 
7 
145 
46 

I N 
I N 

2o 

2* t i l IR P io n e e rs 
ION 
6 N 
32 
42’ 1 
26 '4 f i n 
U N 
4+o 
2-U 
14** 
4* ? 
V t l l 1, 
U N 
6* I 
26'4 
4 
4' a 
2 o *4 
18' 2 
5 N 
U N 
W a 
2+6 
5 
J 
$4 
7 ', 
J 
ZN 
ZN 
BN 
TH 
7 *4 
45' ? 
SH 
3 
2’ a 
13 
SN l l H 
72'4 
74 
16 7 
IN 
6*4 
Jn * 4 
7 *, 
IR ll* 7 
2o*4 
3N 
J • f 
ION 
7 
IS *4 
7+» 
I ’ t 
2 9 *4 
7 m 
24*4 
I I N 
J J N 
2+8 
3 N 
5*4 
I 
74 H 
37*1 
J IN 
TYN 
4*6 u n 
4 U 
IS* a 
M s 
J N 

 l+ i 
6 n 
2*. 
BU 
BU 
I* . 

6 
P. on Tex 
BO 
6 
SN P itW V a 
56a IO 
U N P it D M I 2oa 
6 
28'» P ittw a y I 2b l l 
U N P la c rO v 
8o l l 
(’ N P la n t Ind 
IT1 ■ P ta n trn 
o8 14 
7 N P lyG e m 
S it 
I 
I N P ly m R u b A 
IO 
PneuSea 
BO 
I N Poi o r on 
5*8 Pot ych r 
29t 
3* 1 P f# irie O 
IO 
P r a tllm b 
I 
4 H P ra ttR d 
3o 
19*. P re nH a l l ] 
7 14 P ra sR ea lt A 
P re s R tB 
P re sley 
P reston 
,7o 
P rim M f 
ITI 
P rp C T I 2oe 
P ro vG a s 
8o 
P rd R IE 
16 
2*4 P ru d B d g 
24 
2*4 P ru d G p 
45H PS Col p f4 25 
2*4 P u lte H 
V 1 P un taG 
4* 7 P u re pac 
5 
Q uebecer 
6 
4 * o RB 
In d 
6 
I N R E O M 
7 
1*4 R E T 
35*4 R E T p f 4 J I 
1*4 R H M ed 
$ 
1+4 RPS P ro d 
54 
I N P SC Ind 
9 
5 
R L CCp 
U a 
5 
3* a R ac on 
2o,i 
‘ 
R H M a y a n s 
15e 
4 
I)*? R anch E x 
23 
U N R a n g rO 
56 
MJN R a nsb rg 
8o 
6 
N R ape A m w l 
TH H a m P 
U N R a y x iP r 
SO 26 
H R eading 
U N RealEsT I 4o U 
5N R h in e T I ISe 
S 
I I H R H R ef 2 ISe 
9 
I N R edlaw 
31 
IN R e eve *T 
3*4 R e lr ig T r t 

216 
35 
21 l l 
211 
45 
I 
11o 
IO 
IS 
147 
393 
233 
8 
69 
41 
6 
48 
IRR 
R3 
79 
UR 
S 
IOO i n a 
I 
5 
7 
8,17oo 
19 

o3e 

BB 
34 l l 
R5 
122 
I 
41 
155 
131 
4o 
IOO 
I 

5zS 
41 
,11oo 

33 
U 
27 
JI 
24 
59 xS! 
79 
RI 
IA2 
R2 
143 
44 

Regal B 
ST 
' n Ret G rp w t 
11*4 Rem A r 
BO# 
+o R e p H o u s 
3 32 R e p M tln w t 
U N R epN V t i 1* Reset*Ct! 
14 
Resist fix 
I 
R e s rts A 
2 N R e s rts B 
I 
Rest Asse 
’ n R e x H o re 
I N R ib it t P d 
J N R ichton 
IO* 1 Mi le y Co 
25 7 R io A lg m 
R*, R .sd on M 
I I N Muon ten 
2 *4 M o b il" 
BN R o ckw a y 
7 H R o to r 
B U R o g e rs 
I N R o nco T 
V t Ross m r 
N R o y iB u s k a 
3 
M uddies 
Ile 
41, R od.ck pt Se 
I 
RUSCO 
I 
Russell 
4o 
SN RUSICH 
W 
U N R ya nH 
SO 

41 
37 
13o 
74 
34 
711 
JI 
9 
$5 
IU 
6 x98 i t 
R 
BB 
S 
4o 
OR 
13 475 
BO 
R 
SO 
7o 
1S4 
39 , 3oo 
68 
TS 
7 
I ) 
2Re 
J 
1o7 
7 
174 
I l l 
R 
4o IO 
4o6 

I s 

U N 
U N 
U N 
15*4 
U N 
U N 
29' ? 
3o*4 
13N 
78 
74N 
24'4 
23*4 
76 
24 
26', 
13*o 
U N 
17N 
52'a 
5o*4 
53 
54 
91 
I9N 
59 
33 
I N 
4 
6 
S' 1 
11*4 
3*o 
72+8 
3 
4+1 
Z N 
6 
9 
IN 
9N 
29*4 
4 * 4 
U N 
4 * o 
1*4 
73 4 
16' ? 
I N 
8*4 
16*4 
ZN 
3N 
9N 
2*4 
IN 
1o*4 
6' 1 
JOH 
3R 
19*4 
7 
U N 
4* , 
2N 
U N 
2N 
7 ', 
IO N 
U N 
RN 
22+o 
2*1 
2 's 
U N 
14*8 
T i 
12 
1o*4 
2+o 
4H 
5 
S IN 
R N 
3+4 
6 
6 
7 *4 
IN 
I N 
45 N 

 r n 
I 7. 
U N 
4 * 8 
BH 
U N 
2o+8 
12+4 
1*4 
SN 
77N 
2*4 
U 
•ON 
TOH 
I * 7 
JN 
6*< 
9N i n 
U N 
IN 
J I t 
I tam 
JJN 
9* I 
17+4 
7 
3*4 
4 + 4 
ZN 
24’ ? i v t 
ION 
U N 
4 *4 
U H 
3 

U N 
U N 
15*8 
U N 
14* 7 
13N 
2o *4 
79 
U N 
26*8 
23N 
23*8 
2 2 '4 
25*4 
73*4 
26'4 
12'? 
12’ , 
17*4 
5oH 
5o*4 
S IN 
53H 
89 
19 

 t o 
I +4 
4 
SN 
5 ', 
1o+4 
3 
22*4 
27« 
4 
7*8 
S’ , 
I U 
I N 
9 N 
28+» 
3+8 
13 
4' 7 
I 
J J N 
U H 
7+8 
Z N 
U N 
7 *4 
3*4 
9 N 
I ' n 
I N 
9+t 
6*8 
29' , 
37+4 
19*4 
4 ', 
U H 
4 N 
? H 
U 
2’ , 
RN 
ION 
U H 
RH 
J J N 
2 N 
I N 
IO 
13+8 
2*4 
I I N 
1o*8 
JU 
4*6 
4 N 
SI 
R N 
I 
5 N 
5*» 
6' , 
I N 
I N 
45' • 
4 N 
I N 
I N 
U H 
4 
7 *, 
16*4 
19' • 
IT 
I 
4 * 4 
JJ N 
I N 
U N 
9 N 
19 H 
2*7 
2 H 
6 *o 
9 
I N 
U N 
I N 
' a 
JSN 
I9 N 
J IN 
RN 
U N 
I N 
3 
4 N 
7*4 
2 2N 
TAN 
• I 
U N 
4 
U N 

 i R 
7*8 
4 N 

38 
+ 
N 
42*-,+ i 2 
1o 
1 
— 
*8 
32'? F 4 *,-4 
5+4 F 
*8 
5 o N F 
*4 
12+8 F 
+4 
5+4+ 
*8 
5 
— 
+4 
4* S F 
'n 
16*o+ 
VR 
11 
........... 
1+8- 
*8 
4+4 F 
' ’n 
S N F 
*4 
3* 4 F 
'8 
21* j — 
N 
5 N 
I N — 
*/4 
N ........... 
2'4F 
'4 
8* 7— 
*8 
12 
F I * a 
3 *4 
3*4 F 
'4 
4 + 2 F 
* o ion— ’ a 
3*, f 
'n 
I N ........... r n 
— 
*4 
29*j— 
*4 
U N F 
7 a 
I N F 
* a 
34* 4 F 2 
1o+4+ 
’ n 
1 6 *4 — 
* a 
U H F 
N 
2 o *4 f 
* , 
6 * 2 — 
*4 
I N ........... 
14*8— 
*n 
4+o — 
'n 
2+8+ 
*o 
4 N + 
' n 
3 *4 ........... 

 is * ; '' 
7 * o — 
*4 
53*4+ v. 
T i — 
'4 
IO' o— 
1 a 
U N F 2 *4 
3+8. 
9 N 
U N 
6N J 
*8 
4 3 *4 F I 
7+8 
R N .. 
2o 
33+4— 2 
I N 
2* 4 F 
’ a 
15*o— 
* a 
7 + 7 
+4 
11*7+ 
*7 
3*4 . ... 
2 
F 
* t 
4 

U N — s . 
U N ......... 
U H — 
N 
U N ........... 
14*,— 
*4 
13N— 
’ n 
28N — 
’ I 
2 9 '4— 
Vt 
1 3 + 4 + 
*4 
28 
+ 
N 
23+8+ 
' o 
23 N — 
’ o 
23 
+ 
'o 
26 
— 
'n 
237s— 
N 
26* 4 ........... 
13*o+ 
N 
13* 4 + I 
U N F 
5oN + 
' 7 
S O H - 
' o 
52 
- 2 N 
54 
— 3+8 
♦ I 
+ 
19’ , F 
58 
+ 
J I br­ i n f 

4* 7 

S N — 
S' 7 + 
1o*4 
3' • F 
J J N — 
2+8— 
4+8 F 
7 N 
6 
F 
B N F I 
1*7— 
9 N 
2 9 'tF 
4*4— 
13 
- 
4*7 . . . 
I N 
23* 4 + 
16*4— 
I N F 
7*4 F 
16* 4 F 
ZN 
3 * . . 

2*4— r n . . . . 
1o 
6 * o - 
2 9 *7 — I 
3 7 * 4 - 
1 9 N - I 
R N - 
12’ 1— 
4 N 
2 N F 
13*7+ I 
J* rn— 
7 * 7 + 
1 C h ­ u n + 
6*4 + 
2 2**— 
J N + 
2 
- 
1Q+o . . . 
U N — 
2' 4— 
U N F 
1o*8— 
J N f 
4*8 ... 
5 
F 
S1N + 
4+6 
J 
_ 

6 
+ 
4 
Z N + 
I N — 
1+8 . . . 
4SH f 
4 N 
IN 
I N ...... 
12*4 — 
4* 8— 
7* 7— 
IR' ? 
. 
JOH 
11 
- 
IHC- 
4+e 

2 6 ' 7 F 
4 r n — 
U N 
1o+4 I 
19+8 F 
2*7 
2+8 + 
6* 7 
VU 
I H F 
U N F 
I 

TSN 
19*7— 
22+4 F 
9 N F 
U + 6 F 
IN 
3 
4 N + 
Z N . 
2 2N 
TR1'* — 
IR 
- 
U N F 
4 H + 

& r 4— 
4 N - 

I 16 

Yearly 
High 
Low 
14'8 
IN 
41*4 
3 N 
ION 
9 '4 
9*4 
6 
IO '. 
8+o 
3>s 
21 "4 
32*. 
17 
21' o 
9U 
5* 7 
IN 
5 
45.4 
15’ 7 

3* ? S F rR E 
15e 84 
"4 SF R E 
Wt 
3o’ o SanJW 
2 8o 
7 
I 7* S argent 
5*x S aundrL 
6*8 ScheibE 
6 *o S chenuit 
2* 2 S ch ille r 
6-n SchooiP 
5*/4 S chrad er 
I * . S ciM g t 
IO *. Sci A h a 

8 
3o 
4 
.56 
9 
6oa 5 
33 
4U 
6 
3o 
8 
o9e 
17 
12 l l 
2o*4 Scopeln 
5oe 
IO *. S c rtv n e r 
7o 
3 
12*8 S c u rry R l l 
6*o S b d A IM il .4o 
4 
2' e S ea ictro 
21 
' ? S eaport 
IO 
2 H Seaprt p f 56 
1+8 S e a rs Ind 
7 N SeasnAII 
26 IO 
3*8 13 16 S e c M tg ln 
5 16 3 32 Sec M I In w f 
8' ? 
4*8 SetasCp 
3o 
7 
2 l l 16 S e liq A s s c 
6 *. 
3+4 Sem tcb 
.181 
9 
6 H 
3*o S ervisco 
.3o ( 
87s 
2' ? Servo 
9 
S U 
5*8 S eton CO 45 
7 
4 H 
2 N ShaerS 
25e 
6 
14*o 
IO N S haron 
I 
7 
12*. 
7* . Shaw In 
5ob 
8 
4 '. 
I 7. S he llrR 
8' a 
3 *. ShndCp 
.24t 5 
33 
2oN ShenanO 
33 
3*4 
1*8 S h o p w e ll 
14 
19' 7 
12’ ? Showbot 
I 
6 
5* 2 
I N S h u lm T r 
SH 
5 * b S ie rrc in 
8*o S ifc o ln d 
57o S igm a 

33 
IO 
59 
18 
9o 
8 
52 
7 
33 
36 
145 
5,545o 
7 l l 
4 
25 
52 
,25o 
8 
24o 
146 
8o 
36 
13 
33 x8 
2o x2 
48 
Bl 
8o 
51 

I N 
35N 
3*4 
9*o r n 
9 
3*4 
6+4 
6*o 
2 
17N 
25' o 
13N 
19+o 
9 
3*8 yin 
4 N 
3+o 
13*4 
2+4 

14 
B's 
4 *o 
8 *. 
3+8 
ION 
3 '4 
2 H 
4 *4 
ION 
6 N 
15*4 
12H 
13+4 
14 
15* ? 
23 
19*4 
17*8 
2 8 '. 
27+? 
96 
1o37 o 
1o6 
29N 
5' ? l l 
6*4 
8 N 
6 '. 
2+8 
2 
8*2 
9*4 
7*4 
8 *4 u n 
7*4 
17* 7 
45a 
17+o 
IOU 
26*4 
I 
27*8 
15 
13' 8 
2*8 
19 
IT H 
19 H 

S igm a 
2 N SikesCp 
3' 2 Silo Inc 
2*4 Sim coS 
6 
S im kin s 

.2o 
5o 
2oe 
A 
5 
> 14 
I 
6 
24 
I 'n S im p le x 
1*r S itkinS R 
I * . S olitron 
9+b Son der Br .32 
3+4 Sorg 
P aper 
12 
Soundsn lOe 
IO7 8 SC Ed pf I o2 
11*8 SC E d p f I o6 
U N SC EU p fl o8 
12* ? SC E d pf I 19 
18N SC Ed p fl 68 
15*4 SC Ed pf I 45 
U N SC Ed p fl 3o 
24*8 SCEd pf2 3o 
23*b SCEd p f2 21 
81*4 SCEd pf7 58 
91*4 SCEd pts.7o 
9 6 *. SCEd p f8 96 
9 
S w s tA lr 
13e 
2*4 S w tG F in .2o 
5 
S pa rte k 
.4o 
4* o S p e c lty R 
5 N Spec to r 
We 
2*4 S pectro 
. 12t 
I N SpedOP 
U t 
9 16 S p e i,m n 
3*4 sp en cer 
5+4 S pencrF 
47e S plentex 
4*4 S ta ffrd L 
12* 7 S td A lln 
4 N Std Cont 
13' ? StdCoosa 
2+8 S tdM etl 
9 
S td M o t A 
3 ’ 4 Std Pac Cp 
15' 7 S td P ro d 1.2o 
' ? S td P ru d w t 
21*4 S tdS hrs 
4or 
B U Stanae 
.12 2o 

Soles 
(bds.) High le w 
33 
13*4 
13 
I N 
36+8 
3’ 1 
9+8 
7*o 
9*4 
3+? 
7 
6+4 
2*4 
I 8+o 
32N 
13*4 
2oH 
9+4 
3* 7 
I N 
5 
3*4 
U N 
3 
5 U 
6 N 
I * 8 
5*8 
6+4 
SN 
7 N 
3+e 
U N 
8+s 
2*o 
RN 
26*8 
3 
16+s 
2'? 
6+o 
IO 
8*8 
2+8 
7+4 
3+4 
W H 
2*8 
I N 
2'n 
1o*8 
4+o 
15 
12+4 
13’ a 
13N 
14 
21+4 
18*4 
17N 
27*n 
27 
92H 

1+o 

561 
7 
15 
3o 
34 
6 
62 
3 
85 
6 
1o9 
63 
5 
117 
22 
16 
185 
94 
231 
22 
I 
,1oo 
43 
72 
268 
W I 
37 
44 1o3+ 
1o6 

NAt 
Last Chg. 
1 3 N + 
'n l'H - 
35+4— 
3 N 
9*o— 
'n 
7 *o + 
'N 
9 H ......... 
3 H + 
*8 
1 
+ 
'8 
6 +o — 
1/4 
2 
— 
*4 
U N — 1*8 
31*o+ 6*4 
13+4......... 
2 o*4 + 
N 
9 's........ 
3 *o + 
*8 i n — 
'n 
5 
+ 
*8 
3*o— 
N 
15*o+ 1*8 
2+4— 
'n 
'n 5 1 6+ 1 16 
RH 
6 * 4— 
' 7 
I N ........... 
5 
— 
’n 
6 *o + 
'n 
5 H — 
Vs 
7 *o + 
'n 
3 'n— 
'n 
1 3 + o - 
*8 
S N ........... 
2*o + 
'n 
R N ........... 
26*n + 
N 
2 +4— 
'n 
U N — v n — 
57o — 
IO 
+ 
8 
+ r n — 
V n— 
3 'n— 
IO H + 
2 N + 
I N . . 
2 'n ... 
1 o * 4 - 
4h + 
14* ? + 
12*o.. . 
13 
F 
13*8— 
14 
. 
2 1 + 4 - 
17'o— 
17 
+ 
27N — 
26*o + 
92 
1o1 
— I '/ , 
1 o 6 + 3 

1*8 
5 
6 
5+4 
7 + o 
3' J 
13+8 en 
2*4 
6 *, 
24N 
2*4 
15+4 
2*7 
5*4 
9*4 
7+4 
2+8 
6+8 
3*2 
8+4 
2 + 8 
I N 
2*8 
1o + 4 
4*o 
U H 
12*8 
12+4 
13 
13*8 
21*4 
17*8 
16+8 
26*4 
25+8 
9o'/* 
1o1 
1o3 

VB 

I 

o8e 
.32 
48 

I 
. 15r 
9o 
5C 
6o 

6 
468 
76’ 8 
22*8 
2 3 + » - 2 
5 
38 
R7o 
RN 
RN + 
'n 
R 
7 
1o V, 
IO N 
W H — 
'n 
5 
34 
5*4 
5 N 
S N F 
'n 
36 
48 
I U 
7*4 
71/4— 
N 
4 
15 
RN 
3+8 
4+2 + 
*8 
13 
6 
2'8 
2 
2H + 
'n 
6o 
I 
13 IR 
I 
+11.16 
8 
69 
RH 
3+8 
4 
.. . 
J 
17 
6 'a 
6 
R 
— 
'*'4 
6 
78 
6 ", bv* 
6'n — 
+o 
5 
HO 
5 'n 
RN 
5 
— 
'n 
6 
9 
17 
16+2 
U N — 
'n 
I l l 
5 N 
5+2 
5+',. . . 
5 
5 
U N 
IR' 2 
U N — 
"'n 
16 
61 
IV* 
3+8 
B N F 
BR 
7 
56o 
17 
15*2 
IR 
— 
7. 
4 
184 
9 N 
9 
9 N + 
N 
4 
2o 
21N 
21H 
21 H F rn 

1o*4 SI a r Sup 
76 
I 
S tardust Inc ll* ? S ta rr)Flo 
36 
7*4 Steel rn t 
24b 
12 
StepnCh 
RO 
2 H 13 16 S te rlE I 
3 '7: 
6 H 
IO ' 2 
7 *4 
I N 
4' 7 
2oN 
1o+4 
18*8 
9 '? 
U N 
47o 
8 
6*8 
4 
11*4 
*4 
7 *4 
36' 4 
19*4 
1o*a 
2N 
4*8 
15H 
2oN 
I ' I 
5 
3 *4 
5*4 
IV J 4 
B N 
18 
*o 
7H 
8 N 
3 
2 * 4 
21* 7 
13’ 7 
ZU 
I N 
3*8 
3 ', 
9 
4H l l 
7 
27 
V R N 
1o9 
9 * * 
13H 
8*o 

14 

>2? 

1+4 S te rlE x t 
IO 
2* ? S te vco knit 
6*4 S tru tW 
3ob 
4' 2 Sue Ann 
.24 
*o S u m m it Or' 
3+o S u n C ityl 
13' 2 S unE lec 
4o IO 
5* o S u n a ir 
45e 
7 
8 ’ a Sundanc 
2ob 37 
5*o S unshJr 
24b 
7 
8 *o S upFdS 
32b 
2*4 S up e rcr .We 
4 
S u p ln d t 
12b 
3*8 SupSurq 
I N Susqueh 
RN Susquhan p* . 
*8 S u trM tg w t 
. 
4 H S ynaloy 
3ot) 
! 
2o 
S yntex 
5o 
I 
12*4 SyscoCp 
4o 
6 
47s S ystE ng 
22 
1H TF ICO 
Inc 
6 
3 'n T a ile y ln w t 
IO *. T a n d y B r 
4 
IR* ? T a sty 
I 2oa 
7 
N Te ch Syrn 
2*8 TechO p 
I N T e chT a p 
4 
2 N T e c h trl 
,16 
4 
U H Te jo nR 
2oa 2o 
3 H TeleC m 
22e 
6 
8* 2 T e le fle x 
J2t 
9 
*s T e le xC p w t 
2' 8 Tenna 
6 
4 * . Tenneco w t 
I 
T enney E ng 22 
’ n T e n s o r 
125 
IO N T e ra d y n 
26 
V 
T e rra *. 
8o 
6 
2*8 T e x s ta r ,o7e 
8 
N T h o r 
Cp 
2*4 T h o r o fa r 
31 
I 12 T h rD D p t 
4 
5+4 T h riftim t 
I 
T id w e ll 
5* 2 T iffa n y I .2o 
3 
T im p te 
U N T o k h e im 
8o 
82 
T o lE d p f8 32 
99 
T o lE d p t 
IO 
6 *o ToppsG u 
28 
8 H T o ririC p 
6o 
4+b T o ta l Pet 

2o 
156 
4 
7 
12 
6 x2o 
5 
14 
7 
159 
82 
2 
42 
288 
17 

313 1613 1613 IR— I 16 
25*7 
25' 4 
25*/,. 

44 
19 
44 
3o 
92 
7 l l 
IO x66 
4 
IO 
I x39 
9 
38 
221 
8 
24 
5 x6o 

87 
154 
1o7 
14 
124 
8 
94 
37 
766 
41 
21 
194 
12 
32 
33 
263 
15 
2 
62 
44o 
7428 

 u <n 
12 
1 'n is 
8 
U N 
IN 
3 
4 N 
1o*8 
5*8 
1+o 
4 *4 
19 
9 N 
15 
7*4 
17*4 
4 * o 
6*8 
5*4 
4 
U N 
9 16 
6* 2 
2o+4 un 
6*8 
I N 
4 *o 
13*7 
IB N 
I 
3+o 
3 N 
4*8 
17 
8*4 
15*7 
<4 
3*7 
7 
I N 
1+4 
13*. 
13+4 
I U 

14*o— 
*4 
U N F 
<o 
1+8 
. 
15 
F 
8 
1 7 N F 1+8 
I 'n + 
Va 
3 
........... 
4 N F 
' ? 
9+e— 
'o 
5 
+ 
'n 
1 * o - 
+8 
4 H F 
H 
18+8— 
N 
9 
- 
'? 
U 'n f 
'n 
7 H + 
U 
17 
F 
+o 
4 N + 
'o 
6*8— 'n 
5 N .... 
3+o F 
' 4 l l ' / , ........... 
*7— 1 16 
6*o J 
*8 
2o*o— 
*4 
U N F 
6+4+ 
+o 
1*8— 
'4 
4 *o + 
'n 
1 3 + ,.... 
IB N — 
*8 
15 1615 16— 1 16 

14+o 
11+4 
1*8 
U N 
7’ n 
15N 
1*8 
3 
4 
9 N 
47s 
I 
4*8 
18' 4 
9 
14 
7 
16*4 
4*4 
6*8 
5*7 
3*7 
U N 
' 1 
6 '8 
7o*4 
U H 
6 
I N 
4 
13*7 
18* a 

3 
3 N 
4V4 
16*4 
77s 
U+8 
'n 
3*o 
6 H 
I ' 2 
1'n 
13 
1 2 ', 
7 N 

3 
3 N — 
4 N f 
IR’ 4— 
S H . . 
1 5 ',+ 
'n 
. 
3 N + 
6+e— 
I N F un 
13 
- 
U N F 
7 N + 
113 1613 1613 IR F 1 16 
3*8 
2*4 
3 '8 -t 
*7 

35 1615 IR T o tP e t w l 
17 
3 N 
3*8 
4 N 
15N 
Z N 
4*4 
I ' I 
25* ? 
5' a 
19’ ? 
5*4 
3* ? 
4 H 
6*o 
8' 1 
S' 
9 H 
5 '? 
IO ' 4 

1o+8 T o ta l pf 
7o 
I N T o w n C try 
I N T ra n s L u x 
2 N T re d w y 
o5r 
S N T riS lM tr 
8o 
3 N T ric o 
We 
I '? T u b o s M U e 
3 
TuftCO 
2oe 
U N T u rn rC 
I 44 
3 
T w in F a ir 
13* , U M 
I 2oa 
3 
U IP C p 
16 
I N U N A C P 
2 H U R SCp 
2oe 
3+a U V ln d w t 
3 U U n im a x 
2o 
1*4 U n im a x pf 
7* ? U nG asA 
69 
2 H U n io n ln v 
8 ‘ b U n A irP d 
56 

3o 
I 
2 
3 'n 
3+8 
3 H F 
17 
8 * , 
8*4 
8 * 7 + 
'? 
9 
2 N 
2 N 
7 N ......... 
5 xS7 
8 *4 
I U 
8 
+ 'o 
5 
46 
I 
6+e I 
.............. 
8x28o l l 
2 4 ', 
76 
+ IN 
,5o 
91 
9o 
9o 
— I N 
,4oo 1o8*4 1o7'? 1 o 8 ',+ I 
26 
I U 
I 
I 
— *8 
13 
13 
— N 
I 
I 
— N 
2* »25 IR— I 16 
15*o U N — 
N 
28o 
‘ 
2 N 
3 
1o*4 
6* 

25 
187 
113 
15 
4o 
25 
9 
52 
245 
595 
83 
IO 
163 
37 
73 
9 
63 
ISI 
123 

5+835 U U n A s b S t 
I* 
14* 1 l ' n 
I N 

5 * 
7 + a 
VN 
14* ? 
9 
' 7 
SN 
J N 
15*4 
34 
15*4 
3*4 
3*o 
17-4 ion 
14*4 

'o U n B ra n d w t 
I I N U n c o s Fn 
5o 
I 
1 
U n F o o d s 
' ? U N a tC p 
I 32 U N a lC p w t 
2 
U N a tC p p f 
3 H U P ie c e D 
5*4 U S B tp T r 
8 o U S F iltr 
24 
5*o U n R ifT 
83e 
I IR U n R ifT w t 
3 '? U S N tR s 
I N U S R d iu m 
7 
USRbR la 
18 
U n h e k 
3o 
7 '8 U n ity B u y 
I 
U n iv Cig 
OS 
N U n lvC o n! 
4*4 U n lv R * 
2oe 
6 *4 U n iv R u n 
44 
S N U nvS av a 

52 
RI 

19 
25 
52 
84o 

13*4 
7*o 
2 N 
15’ , 
2+o 
2 N 
3 
IO N 
7+4 i n 
7*o 
25 
3*7 
14 
3 N 
1+8 
4+4 
4 N 
8 *4 
4 N 
8 ’n 
5 ', 
» N 

2 N + 
2 N — 
'o 
3 
____ 
IO N F 
' • 
6*/4— 
N 
1+4113 IR— I IR 
6*4 
7 '? + 1 't 
24**— 
'n 
3 N F 
'n 
14 t 
'n 
3 N t 
'n i n — 
*» 
4 
........... 
4+6* 
*o 
8 H F 
>4 
I U * 
'n s n - 
'n 
5'/,+ 
’n 
9*6 

24N 
3+4 
13+o 
3 N i n 
.4 
4 * o 
7 N 
4*o 
9 
2 
8+4 
I N 
32 
59 
S ', 
4 N 
7 
23 
9*4 
U o37 16 
9 *o)7 1 4 + 1 1 6 
211 9 IR 7 IR 7 I R - I IR 
9 
1 2 '• U N 
U 
— 
'n 
I ' , 
I N 
I N ......... 
1*4 
I N 
1*4 F 
H 
2 3 32 3 32 3 32— I 32 
5 
4 N 
J 
F 
H 
4*8 
3*4 
4*o F i n 
I 
U N 
13' 

V H 
13*« 
5* , 
2»4 
W H 
15 
5 
25 o 
8*4 
2 N 
SN 
4*o 
I ' * 
4 7t 
4 V, 
J N 
3 N 
16*4 
5*8 
11*4 
IA N 
A 
I t 
U H 
9 N 
4*o 
9 * t 
2 4 7t 
6 
2o 
U H 
1*8 
5*4 
7 * t 
75*4 
TS1 ? 
6 
SH 
I * , 
RH 
11+o 

621 
7o 
28 
o2e a 
32a 

32 

o5r 

6 H V allesS t 
8", o V a lm a c 
3* e V a ls p a r 
I* ? V L D v C 
5*4 V a n D o rn 
6* ? Veeco 
I N V e n t 
22**i V e rm n tA 
2'a V e rm tro n 
N V e r tip le 
2*o Vesety 
1 *o V ia te ch 
Vt V ik in g G 
2 
V in fa g e E 
2*o V I sh ay 
J 1 a V is u a lG r 
1 
Vol M e r l ' n Voplex 
72a 
I N V ulcnC p 
6*» V u lt Inc 
SO l l 
V u lc ln c p f I 
J * , W TC 
Inc IO 
15*? W U IIn c 
8o 
3+a W abash 
25e 
5*4 W a ckn ht 
4o 
I N W a delE q 
IO 
2*4 W am oco 
2o 
14*o W al CON 
5ob 
A 
27t W a lla cS 
2oe 
I 
W H W ang L b 
12 l l 
9 N W a n g le 
22 
9 
'o W a rd F d s w t 
2 
W ards Co 
5 
3 
W arnC p f o5 
21*4 W a sP stB 
JR 
9 
U N W R IT 
I 76 
15 
7*4 W atsco 
2o 14 
I N W ei rn an f 

IR 
5o 
BV* 
53 
*i 
5 
IRO 
J 
169 
RI 
3N 
8 
19 
U N 
IR 
8 
31*4 
I 
48 u n 
4 
& 
3 
71 a 
IS 
2o1 u n 
5 
IO 
IO 
4 
42 
13*4 

• w 
- X 
7 
57 
4 * 4 
4 
69 
I I N 
IO 
RI sn 
33 
2N 
6 
49 
1o*8 
« 
12 
IR 
5 
6 
TH 
I 
32 
23N 
13 6o42 
8 * 4 
IR 
7 
IN 
IR 
R 
J+2 
128 
RN 
J 
I 
44 
2+4 
5 
19 
3H r 
7 
5o 
3H 
4 
I 
2 8 
5 
63 
U N 
2 
2o 
*' 2 
1 
4x1o5 
W H k 19 
124 
9x399 

4 N 
3*o 
U N 
31 
1o + o 
3 
1 *4 
14*4 
9+a 
12*, 

6* t 
U N 
4*4 
2*4 
IO 
U N 
2>i 
27 H 
6*4 
I N 
SH i n 
1 
2*n an 
2+o 
2*8 
15*4 
4*4 
9*8 
14+8 
3*6 
23N 
12*, 
7+6 
2 N 
I 
JJN 
4 N 
U N 
U N 

S ', W efdTuA 
3*4 W ellco 
I U W estC hP 
I 1 H U UW stO c at 
9* 
9*o 
7 
3* 4 
I N 
RU 
9*4 
4 *4 
I t 
4*4 
54* ? 
I ' » 
SN 
I N i m 
17*4 
6*1 
1 * 4 
I 
U N 
13*4 
2o*8 

5 
25 12 
4o 
I 
W IO 
RN W s lF .n l 
I Sa 
5 
6 
W h ip pn y 
*oa 44 
4' ? W h ita k e r 
4o 
5 
I N W h ite h a ll 
I 
W h ifta k r w f 
W ic h ita 
12 
W m hous 
JR 
W ilson Br 
JO 
W ln k im n 
4o 
W inston M il 
W is p p f 4 SO 
W oH H B 
38 
Wood in d 
*o w o o i lt 
o6e 13 
5* ? W o rrs tC 
I t 
RN W ork Wr 
6o 
6 
3 H W it t ie r 
o5e U 
H W r ig h fH l l 
J N W y le t ab 
28 
6 
7 
W y n n ln 
IS# 
6 
9* 2 W ym Bn 
SR 
8 
12 
X om cs 
I ) 

U » , i n 
26 
U N 
7 N 
3 
J ' 4* 
J J N 
S+4 u n 
IJ H 
15 5 16 5 U 
24 
4 N 
4 sn 
74*4 
25' , 
4+8 
2 N 
RN 
4 N 
S N 
T H 
I U 
6*> 
6 
V , 

8 
— i n 
I J H - 
'4 
I N 
- 
*o 
J U 
5 
3 m — 
'o 
U N - 
' t 
31 
- I 
1o+8— 
' 8 
3 
F 
J 
+ 
*4 
15*4— 
* 4 
9+8 ... 
U N * l'n 

R H — 
'n 
U N F 
'o 
5 
+ 
'n 
2 * 8 * 
*8 w 
.... 
U N — 
>t 
7* o - 
'n 
J J N — ’, 
T i * I N 
I N 
... j * , F rn i m . . . 
1 
7 H f n 
3 *6— 
*4 
3 
+ 
*4 
2*8 
1 5 * e - 
'7 
4 r n — 
*• 
1o 
+ 
* , 
15*4 F 
3 ', + 
*o 
2 5 ',+ 
UN - 14 
7+2* 
14 
I U 
. 
• H F 
+4 
JJN * 
* 8 
J - 
N 
UN— 
UN— 
14 

I x48 
$ 
I t 
J 
J 
9 
2o 
U M 
S 
33 

4+8 
23 N 
JSN 
4* I 
TH 
R N 
4 ', 
8*4 
I 
Z N 
A 
5 + 4 
7*o 
N 
4 
7 + 4 
I N 
T H 
I N 
54 
7 N 
3N 
I 
V I 
I I mn 
+t 13 IR 
7 
SU 
U H 
11*4 u n 
12 *4 
IB N 
U + t 

4N 
I N 
4 ' ? 
7+6 i n 
54 
2 N 
3+8 
311 IR 
77 
ZN 
I I N 
4 N 

Z N ZeroC o 
4* I Z i m m e r 

— Y I 
36 A n i l 
oRe R 
AB 
6*o 

5 1 6 -1 16 
4 N F rn 
R N — 
’ 4 
2}m n 
25N F 
'• 
4*4 J 
*4 
2*4____ 
RN— 
N 
4N t 
*o l 'n — 
N 
7* i f rn 
7 rn — n 
R H ... i n F 
+1 j N 
- m 
*o . . . . 
RN— 
*o i n f 
'. o 
R*» 
7+o 
. 
F i t 
14 
JR 
I N F 
I N ■ 
* a l l IR 
7'7 
11*6— 
*1 
RN . . . . 
’ , I I 1/ 
ANF. I 
11m 
- 
*. u - '. 
I I f 
IV . 

9 *4 F 
6 
™ 

I 

T . , ^,W* S P L V a m b m c a n s t o c k s a l c s 
Totrtt tot week i j as 

Y ear ago n m I S 

U l t .'n’V t e * 
W9RW ooI 
»V'6 IO 
IM i i i ) k r 
S l 
M C 
Week ago u M 
Anc 

 i 7 . ^ : © 

K .C e L i v e s t o c k 

KANSAS CITY (AP) - 
Qyotations tor 
Friday Cattie IOO Trading lim ited Ear tier m the week 
Slaughter steers choice 
W KM b JS M JtJSrliaog^ ttr 
2?° '°°? 16 33 86 
OO sparingly Q rn vHI lla y f i& t ff u tility at 24 so J / OO, high ar ess m g tea " box mg g l.h ty to 21 oo w 
Nog* I ms 
Barrow s and ttth* I OO I SO 

 w 'u T x n a e ii® ™ ,b * £ 
' ) M 
'v 
JR SO JR SO 
JZS JOO ife )• oo JR SO 
Sow* 
> » ) * soc n 14 oo soo roo 

Sheep JI Hut enought on o tte r io ,M i prices 
EV*'thRN* » f M gnoay 
Cattie I JOO hog* J SOO Sheep WO w 

S a n A n t o n i o 
E X P R E S 5 - N E W 
S — 
S a t u r d a y 
F e b r u a r y 
I 9 
I 9 
7 
7 p o a e 
] 3 . 5 

I n v e s t m e n t t r u s t s 

W E E K L Y IN V E S T IN G C O M P A N IE S 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) - W ^ k l y In v e s tin g 
C o m p a n ie s g iv in g th e h ig h . lo w a n d last p ric e s to r th e w eek w ith th e net c h a n g e 
(ro m th e p re v io u s w e e k 's la s t p ric e 
A ll Q u o ta tio n s , s u p p lie d by th e N a tio n a l 
A sso ciatio n of 
S e c u ritie s 
D e a le rs , 
In c re fle c t net asset v a lu e s , a t w h ic h s e c u ritie s c o u ld h a v e been sold 
A . _ _ 
. 
H ig h L o w L a s t 
Chg 
A G E F u n d 
5 42 
5 34 
5 34— 
OI 
A co rn F d n 
14 57 
................ 
A d v a n in v n lo o8 
A etn a F u n d 
7,49 
A e tn a ln c o m S h r 
13 o5 
A fu tu re F d n 
9 21 
Al I A m e r F u n d u n a v a ll 
A lls ta te S tk F d e 59 
A lp h a F u n d 
IO 71 
A m B ir t h r g h t T r 
9 77 
A m E q u ity F d 
5.16 
A m e ric a n F u n d s . 
A m B a la n c e 
8 11 
A m c a p F u n d 
5 53 
A m M u tu a i F d 
9 8o 
B o h d F d A m is 26 
C a p 
F d to . 1b & 
+s . +8 >6 
G r o w th F d A m 
4 63 
In c o m e P d A m 
16 37 
In v C o A 
14 OI 
N e w P e rs p F d 
15 91 
W a s h M u tl In v 
7.o6 
A m e r G e n e r a l: 
A G e n C a p Bd 
9 o5 
A G e n C a p G th 
4 12 
A G en In c o m e 
6 53 
A G en V e n tu re l l 27 
E q u ity G rth 
6 61 
F u n d o f A m 
6 66 
P ro v id e n t F d 
3.96 
A m G ro w th F d 
5 64 
A m In s & ln d 
5 o6 
A m In v e s to r n 
5 ,38 
A m ln v ln c F d 
12.36 
A m N a tG r o w th 
2 8o 
A n ch o r G ro u p : 
D a ily In c o m e 
1 OO 
G ro w th F u n d 
6.5o 
In c o m e 
7.45 
S p e c tru m 
4 48 
F u n d m In v e s t 
6 8o 
• W a s h in g N a t 
9 9o 
A u d ax F u n d 
7 73 
A x e H o u g b to n : 
F u n d B 
7 89 
In c m F n d 
4 93 
Stock F u n d 
6 o3 
B L C G ro w th F d 
1o 47 
Babson In c o m n 
1 81 
B a b s o n ln v m tn 
9 41 
B e a c o n H lllM t n 
8 44 
B eacon In v n 
9 49 
B e rg e r G ro u p : 
1oo F u n d 
7.25 
1o1 F u n d 
9 25 
B e rk s h ire C a p 
8 16 

8.o8 4 
.o3 
5.47— ,o4 
9 76 4 .o2 
15 25-4 .o2 
M 
N U 
4 56— .o3 
16 3o4- .o5 
) 
13.9o.. 
15 8 7 4 
.o8 
7 o 1 4 
OI 

9 o54- .o4 
I 
4 o8 
6 5o - 
OI 
11 o 8 - .o7 
6.53— .o2 
6 594- .o4 
3 .9 5 4 
.o1 
5 64 4 .o9 
4.89— .1) 
5 3 2 - .o5 
12 34 t 
.o2 
1 
2 79 

1 
IOO 
6 42— .o4 
7 4 4 4 .o2 
4 43— .o3 
6 73 4 .o3 
9 8 1 4 .o5 
7 7 1 - .o5 

7 86 4 .OI 
4 93 
5 99 4 
o4 
1o.3o— .o6 
T J 8 - .o2 
9 32 4 
OI 
8 37 . . . . 
9 37 4 

B ondstock Cp 
Bosi F o u n d F d 
B rw n F d H a w a ii 
C a lv in B u llo c k : 
B u llo c k F u n d 
C a n a d ia n F nd 
D iv id e n d Shrs 
M o n th ly In c m 
N a tio n W id e s 
N Y V e n tu re 
C G F u n d 
CG In c o m e F d 
C a p itP re s rv Fd 
C e n tu ry Shr T r 
C h a lle n g e r In v 
C h a rte r F d Inc 
C hase G r Bos 
F u n d 
F ro n tie r C a p 
Sh a re h old 
Special 
C h e a p s id e D o u r 
C h e m ic a l F u n d 
C N A M g e m tF d s : 
L ib e r ty F u n d 
M a n h a tta n F d 
S ch u ster F d 
C olonial 
C o n v e rtib le 
F u n d 
G rw th S h r 
In c o m e 
C o lu m b G rth n 
C o m w th T r A A B 
C o m w lth T rC 
C o m p o s ite B A S 
C o m p o s ite F d 
C o n c o rd F d n 
C o n so lid at In v 
C o n s te lln G th n 
C o n tM u t In v n 
OI 
C o u n try C a p In 
D a v id g e F u n d n d e V e g h tM u t n 
D e la w a re G ro u p 
D e c a tu r 
Inc 
D e la w a re if cl 
D el ch e s te r Bd 
D e lta T re n d 
D ire c to rs C ap 
D odo Cox B al 
D o d g C x S tk n 
D re x e l B u rn h m 
D re y fu s G rp 
D re y fu s 
E q u ity le v e r a g e 
L iq u id A ssets 
S p ecial In c o m 
T ax E x e m p t 
T h ird C e n tu ry 
E a g le G rth S h r 
E a to n A h o w a rd 
B a la n c e F u n d 
F o u rs q u a r F d 
G ro w th F und 
In c o m e F u n d 
S p e c ia l F u n d 
Stock F u n d 
E d ie S p lG fh n 
E d s o n G ld n 
F g re t F und 
E lf un T ru s ts f a ir fie ld F u n d 
F a r m B u r M u t 
F e d e ra te d F u n d s : 
A m L e a d e rs 
E m p ir e Fd 
F o u rth E m p ir 
T a x F re e 
F id e lity G ro u p 
Bond D e b 
C a p ita l 
C o n tr a t und 
D a ily In c o m e 
D es! iny 
E a u ity In c o m 
M a g e lla n 
M u n i Bond 
F id e lity 
P u rita n 
S alem 
T h rift T ru s t 
T re n d 
F in a n c ia l P ro q 
D y n a m F d n 
In d u st F d n 
In c o m e F d n 
F S I In v e s to rs 
D is c o v e ry 
F u n d G ro w th 
In c o m e 
S tock F u n d 
F s tM u lt A m o 
F s tM u ltD ly 
F o r ty F o u r W l! n 
F o u n d G ro w th 
F o u n d e rs G ro u p 
G ro w th 
In c o m e 
M u tu a l 
S p ecial 
F r a n k lin G ro u p 
D N T C 
G ro w th 
U tilitie s 
In c o m e Stk 
U SGO v t Sec 
R e s rc h C a p it 
R e s rc h E q u ty 
F r a n k tn L f E q ty 
4 d F o r M u t D n 
F u n d p a c k 
F u n d In c G rp 
C o m m e rc e F d 

o6 

7 22 
9 18 
8 o9 4 
.o3 
4 85 4 .o1 
9 54 
3 44— 

11 56 
7 36 
3o 67 

12 o9 l l 26 
9 41 
4 85 
4 OO 
22 29 
16 16 
9 66 

11 8o 
5 38 
15 21 
1o OI 
7 23 
15.52 
12 76 
9 99 

8 31 
8 25 
8 41 
6 OS 
5 99 
9 o6 
16 18 
9 18 
IO 62 
14 23 
9 69 
8 16 

8 95 
19 o5 
17 79 
12 9o 

8 74 
8 29 
IO 72 
I OO 
9 42 
15 35 
22 98 
1o 46 
15 97 
11 o2 
4 79 
IO 47 
21 IO 

OI 

12 88 4 . o4 
7 62 4 
o3 
3 o 8 4 
OI 
14 78— .o6 
1o o 1 4 .o2 
11 o7 4 
.o2 
9 61 4 
o4 
8 5 1 - .o4 
I oo 
1o 83 4 .13 
1 o .2 o 4 .o1 
14 25 4 .19 

6 22 
3 5 3 - 
o3 
7 39 4 .o2 
5.3o— .o4 
11 5 8 + .o9 
7.26 

4 4 8 + .o1 
2 5 3 + 
OI 
7 4 6 + .o6 

9 OS— OI 
9 4 5 + 
o2 
4 79 4 .o2 
8 85 4 
OI 
14 94— o4 
9 91 
OI 
I 48 4 
OI 
8 97 4 
OI 
7 6 1 - 
OI 
12 2 5 - 
o8 
1o 12 
5.61— 
o6 
5 
4 7 - 

.o1 

11 8o 
5 3 8 - 
15 21 4 
1o o1 . 
7 24 + 
15 53 + 
12 7 6 - 
1o o5 + 

8 31— 
8 . 2 5 - 
8 41 — 
6 o8 
5 99 
9 o7 4 
16 18— 
9 18 4 
IO 63 4 
14 23 4 
9 7 1 4 
8 16 4 

8 95 
19 OS 
IT 7 9 - 
o2 
12 9 3 F 
o4 

8 77— 
.14 
8 29 F 
o4 
IO 72 F 
.o4 
I OO.. 
9 45 + 
OS 
15 35 
22 
23 IO F 
18 
IO +8 F 
o3 
15 97 + 
(I? l l o2 J 
OI 
4 79 
IO M F 
o3 
21 IO 

4 74 
4 3 * . 
o2 
7 17 + 
o2 

5 93 
6 5 o * 
OI 
8 64 I 
o5 
8 28 
8 2 5 - 
OI 
1o oo 
16 3o 
o2 
3 92 

4 44 + 
o3 
12 49 J 
8 *o ♦ 
o4 

Im" p a c t F u n d dust 
In d u st T re n d 
P ilo t F u n d 
G en F. I SAS P f Fd 
G e n S e c u rit n 
G ro w th |n d n 
H a m ilto n 
F u n d H O A 
G ro w th F u n d 
In c o m e 
H a r tw e llG r th n 
H a r tw it L e v e r n 
►•er 1 * ag e F u n d 
H o ld in g T ru s t 
H o ra c e M a n n F d 
IS I G ro u p 
G ro w th 
In c o m e 
T ru s t S h a re s 
T ru s t U n its im p e r ia tC a p F d 
Im p e r ia l O rth 
In d u s try F u n d 
In t In v e s to rs 
In y e s tG u iin in v e s t In d ic a to r 
In v e s t T r Bos 
In v Counsel 
C a p a m e ric a 
C a p it S hrs inc 
In vt;-,tors G ro u p 
ID S B o n d 
ID S G ro w 'h 
ID , N a w D 'u i 
M u tu a l Inc 
P ro g re s s iv e 
Stock 
S e le c tiv e 
V a r ia b le P a y 
In v e s t R e s e a rc h 
Is le t F u n d Inc ly y F u n d n 
J P G ro w th F d 
Jan p s f und n 
John H a n c o c k 
B a la n c e 
Bond 
G ro w th 
J o h n s in M u t n 
K ey Stem c f un Os 
A p o llo F u n d 
In v e s t Bd B t 
M e d G B o B t 
D m Bd B t 
In c o m F d K I 
G r o w t h F d K I 
M iG rC o m S I 
In c o m Stk S? 
G ro w th S 3 
Lo P r C om 54 
F*o!«ris 
.a n d m a r k G th 
. e x H ilto n G rp 
Corpl Meters 
L ax m g tn G rth 
L e lin g In c o m 
L e k tn g tn Bsh 

8 76 ♦ 
I l l - 
IO 5 4 - 
• 12 4 
25 99 4 
* 17 + 
17 4o + 

4 2 2 4 
6 66 4 
7 7 4 - 
1o 8 2 - r 2j — 
I 3o— 
I OO 
IS 21 4 

4 5 7 - 
3 48 + 
IO 16 + 
5 74 4 
8 o9 4 
7 1 o - 
3 a i — 
7 63 4 
8 56 
I 5 4 - 
1o 2o 4 

8 94 

I S 
•9 56 

8 94 4 
I * 1 4 - 
5 6 1 4 
19 56 

3 94 4 
17 93 4 
19 51 + 
8 48 4 
7 6 5 4 
5 o 6 4 

' JO 

 l l 

14 o7 
14 22 4 
4 44 
I 5 o 4 
IO 61 
IO 64 4 
14 *9 
14 9 3 4 

M o n e y M k M g t n 
M O N Y F u n d 
M S B F u n d 
M u tu a l 
B e n e fit 
M I F F und 
M IF G r o w th 
M u tu a io f O m a h a 
A m e ric a 
G ro w th in c o m e 
M u tu a lS h rs n 
N E A M u tu a l 
N a tl In d u s tn 
N a* S ecur Ser : 
B a la n c e d 
Bond 
D iv id e n d 
G ro w th 
P r e fe r r e d 
In c o m e 
Stock 
N E L ite F u n d 
E q u ity 
G ro w th 
In c o m e 
Side 
N e u b e rq e r B e rm . 
E n e rg y n 
G u a rd la n M n 
P a rtn e rs n 
N e u w ir th F d n 
N e w W o rld Fd 
N e w to n F u n d 
N e w to n In vs) F d 
N ic n o la s F d ln n 
N o m u ra C a p F d 
N o re a s t In v n 
N u v e e n F d 
O m e g a F und 
O n e W illia m n 
O p p e n h e im e r F d : 
O p p e n h m Fd 
O pp Inc Bos 
M o n y Br 
Tax F r e e Bd 
A IM 
T im e 
O v e rC o u n t Sec 
P a r a m tM u tu a l 
P a u l R e v e re 
P e n n S q u a re n 
Penn M u tu a l n 
P h ila F u n d 
P h o e n ix C ap Fd 
P h o en ix F d 
P ilg r im G r p : 
P ilg r im F o rm 
P ilg r im F d 
M a g n a C a p n 
M a g n a In c o m 
P in e S tre e tn 
P io n e e r F u n d 
Fun d ll 
P la n n e d In v e s t 
P lig ro w th F n d 
P lifre n d F n d 
P ric e F u n d s : 
G ro w th F d n 
In c o m e n 
N e w E r a n 
N e w H o r i/n n 
T a x F r e e 
P ro F und n 
P ro v id e r G rth 
P ru S IP 
P u tn a m Fu n d s 
C o n v e rt 
E o u it 
G e o rg e 
G ro w th 
In c o m e 
In v e s t 
V is ta 
V o y a o e 
R a in b o w F d n 
R e s e rv e F d n 
R e v e re F u n d 
S a fe c o E q u itF d 
Safeco G ro w th 
S cu d d er F u n d s : 
In tl F u n d 
M M u n iB d 
S p ecial n 
B a la n c e d n 
C o m m o n s * n 
M a n a g e R e s n 
S e c u rity F u n d s 
E q u ity 
In vest 
U ltr a 
S en tin el G ro u p 
A pex F u n d 
B a la n c e d F d 
C o m m o n Stk 
S en tin el G ro w th 
S e n try F u n d 
S h a re h o ld e rs G p 
C om stock Fd 
E n te rp ris e Fd 
F le tc h e r F d 
H a rb o r F u n d 
L e g a l L ist 
P a c e F u n d 
S hearson F u n d s : 
A p p re c ia tio n 
Inc orre* 
In v e s t 
S ie rra G th n 
S h rm n D e a n n 
S ig m a F unds 
C a p + a l 
In v e s t 
T ru s t Sh 
V e n tu re Shr 
Sis K e m p e r 
K e m p In c o m e 
K e m p M o n M k 
K e m p M u n B d 
Sup G ro w th 
Sup in c o m e 
Sup S u m m it 
T ec h n o lo q y 
S m fh B a rE q tn 
S m th B a r IA G n 
SoGen Int 
Sou th w stn In y 
S o u th w n ln v G th 
S o v e re ig n In v 
S p e c tra F d n 
S tate B o n d G r : 
C o m m o n F d 
D iv e rs ifie d F 
P ro g re s s F d 
S ta tF a r m G tn n 
S ta tF a r m B al 
S ta le s t tnv 
S te a d m a n F u n d s 
A m e r In d n 
A ssoF T ru s t n 
In v e s t n 
O c e a n o g ra n 
S tem R o e F d s : 
B a la n c e n 
C ap O p n 
S to c k n 
S u rv e y o r F d 
T em p G th C an 
T e m p ln y f d ti 
T ra n s a m C a p 
T ra n s o m In v e s t 
T ra v e le rs E g F d 
Tudor H e d g e n 
TOH C ent G rth 
TOthCent m c 
U S A A C a p G th n 
U S A A In c Fd 
U S G o v t S ecur 
U n it M u tu a l 
U n itu n d u n a v a il 
U n io n Svc G rp 
B ro ad S t In v 
N u t In v e s t 
U n io n C a p ito l 
U n io n In c Fd 
U n ite d F u n d s 
A c c u m u ltiv 
Bond 
Cont G ro w th 
C ant In c o m e 
In c o m e 
S cience 
V a n g u a rd 
U m tS v tfF d n 
V a lu e L in e Fd 
V a lu e L in e 
In c o m e 
L e v rg e d G rth 
Spec! Sd 
V a n c e S an d ers 
In c o m e 
In v e s t 
C o m m o n 

 v in d e r b d t G r t h 
V a n d e rb lt In c m 
V a n g u a rd G ro u p 
E x p lo re r F n d 
FSI In d e x 
Iv e s ! F und 
M o rg a n F u n d 
T ru s te e s E q 
W e lle s le y Inc 
W e llin g to n Fd 
W e s tm in Bd 
W in d so r F u n d 
V a rie d In d u st 
W aH S t G ro w th 
W e in g rtn E q n 
•s ttie id G rw th sconsin in c m 
No to ad fu n d 

I OO 
9 21 
14 61 
9 o3 
8 61 
3 81 

 l l 7o 
4 o6 
9 44 
28 39 
8 22 
1o 73 

9 55 
4 61 
4 15 
5 63 
7 48 
5 53 
8 32 

16 98 
8 56 
13 95 
13.19 

14 59 
28 o4 
9 37 
8 16 
11 o3 
11 36 
IO o3 
14 12 
9 49 
15 o4 
9 6 o 
IO 27 
13 77 

6 27 
8 64 
I OO 
1o 42 
9 24 
7 13 
12 o6 
8 63 
6.o3 
8 o9 
3 72 
7 o8 
8 OI 
9 47 

12 77 
8 25 
3 45 
9 28 
11 16 

13 87 
14 98 l l 28 
11 o7 
7 78 

IO 17 
IO o2 
1o 87 
6 95 
1o 26 
5 9o 
7 69 
9 52 

11 76 
9 75 
13 94 
1o 3o 
8 o2 
7 47 
9 94 
11 81 
2 OO 
I oo 
5 45 
8 88 
8 78 

13 o4 
1o 35 
23 85 
14 78 
9 39 
IO o4 

3 96 
7 37 
IO OS 

3 62 
7 93 
12 27 
8 IO 
12.15 

5 86 
5 33 
5 39 
8 54 
6 7o 
IO 22 

17 o7 
18 81 
IO 19 
8 81 
18 77 

8 66 
IO 47 
8 73 
IO 26 

IO 7S 
I OO 
IO 64 
7 o8 
9 83 
IO 27 
7 25 
9 81 
12 69 
1o 97 
J 94 
4 86 
12 o6 
4 61 

4 29 
4 98 
3 89 
5 95 
9 48 
42 37 

2 3o 
I IO 
I 41 
6 17 

17 6o 
8 4o 
12 35 
8 72 
12 17 
I OO 
I 29 
9 34 
1o o5 
13 66 
4 21 
5 72 
7 73 
11 93 
9 82 
8 27 

I OO 
9 IO 
14 46 
8 93 
8 57 
3 78 

 l l 67 
4 OI 
9 J 9 
28.22 
8 14 
1o.58 

9 48 
4 6o 
4.13 
5 57 
7 44 
5 51 
8 26 

16 8o 
8 44 
13 92 
13 o5 

14 45 
27 78 
9 31 
8 o8 
1o 91 
11 22 
9 93 
14 o2 
9 4o 
15 o3 
9 56 
1o 16 
13 61 

6 22 
8 6o 
I OO 
1o.38 
9 18 
7 o7 
11 98 
8 56 
5 98 
8 o2 
3 69 
7 OI 
7 96 
9 44 

12 69 
8 21 
3 42 
9 25 l l o8 

13 79 
14 91 l l 2o 
IO 99 
7 73 

IO o7 
9 99 
1o 82 
6 89 
1o 19 
5 88 
7 6o 
9 43 

11 67 
9 66 
13 85 
1o 24 
8 OI 
7 4o 
9 85 
11 67 
1 94 
I OO 
5 42 
8 68 
8 73 

12 89 
1o 34 
23 48 
14 61 
9 31 
1o o4 

3 92 
7 33 
9 94 

3 59 
7 9o 
12 22 
8 o4 
11 93 

5 77 
5 27 
5 27 
8 SO 
6 6J 
IO 13 

16 88 
18 64 
IO OS 
8 7o 
18 5o 

8 59 
IO 41 
8 71 
IO 16 

IO 73 
I OO 
IO 61 
7 OO 
9 78 
IO 19 
7 16 
9 71 
12 59 
1o 92 
7 85 
4 82 
11 94 
4 55 

4 25 
4 95 
3 85 
5 89 
9 41 
41 99 

2 28 
I IO 
I 4o 
6 IS 

17 47 
8 36 
12 24 
8 61 
17 IO 
I OO 
7 7o 
9 31 
9 93 
13 5o 
4 18 
5 64 
7 65 l l 91 
9 74 
8 21 

B 
A 
R 
O 
M 
E 
T 
E 
R 

I OO.. 
9 1o + 
14 46— 
8 93 
8 57 + 
3.78 + 

 l l 67— 
4 OI 
9 3 9 - 
28 27 + 
8 14 + 
IO 65 + 

9 48 •+- 
4 61 + 
4.13 
5 57 + 
7 4 4 - 
5 52 + 
OI 
8 26 

Leaders 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) W e e k 's tw e n ty m ost a c tiv e slo cks 

16.8o + 
8 44 
13.93 + 
13 o5 + 

.o5 

14 45— .o2 
27 78— .o3 
9 33 f 
o4 
8 o8— 
OI 
1o 9 1 + .o2 ll.2 2 — 
9 9 3 — 
14.o2— 
9 46— 
15 o4 + 
9 6o + 
IO 19 + 
13 61 — 

6 27 + 
8 61 + 
I OO 
IO 42 + 
9 18 
7 o7— 
12 o6 + 
8 61 + 
5.98 
8 o4 + 
3 69 - 
7 .o 2 + .o4 
7 96 + .o3 
9 46 

12 69 
8 23 
3 42— 
9 28 F l l o8 + 

13 8 2 + .o7 
14.91— o5 l l 21— .o5 
H O O * 
.o3 
7 73 + 

IO o8 + 
9.99 + 
1o.82 
6.89— 
IO 26 + 
5 89 + 
7 69 + 
9 4 3 - 

11 67 + 
9 69 + 
13 85 f 
1o 24 
8 o2 + 
7 4o + 
9 87 + 
11.75 + 
I 94— .o4 
I o o........ 
5 43 
8 7 6 + .o3 
8 .7 3 + .o8 

13 o4 F 
IO 34 
23 48— 
14 61 — 
9 31 
IO o4 

3 92 + 
7 33 
9 .9 4 — 

3 59 f 
7 92 + 
12 24 F 
8 o4 
11 93 — 

5 81 + 
5 27 I 
5 2 7 - 
8 5o - 
6 65 + 
IO 13— 

16 93 + 
18 64 
IO o5 + 
8 7o + 
18 77 + 

8 61 + 
IO 42 e 
8 72 + 
IO 1 6 - 

1o 74 + 
I oo 
IO 64 + 
7 OO I 
9 79 + 
1o 19 + 
7 16 + 
9 71 + 
12 5 9 - 
1o 92 + 
7 89 + 
4 82 + 
11 96 + 
4 5 5 - 

4 25 
4 95 
3 85 
5 9o + 
9 42 t 
41 9 9 - 

2 29 + 
I IO 
I 41 ♦ 
6 15 + 

17 47 + 
8 38 + 
12 24 + 
8 Al — 
12 12 + 
I OO 
7 2o + 
9 31 + 
9 93 
13 5o 
4 l f + 
5 69 ♦ 
7 66 + 
11 92 + 
9 74— 
8 21— 

.o3 

o3 

Yearly 
H ig h 
L o w 
6 5’-4 to to 
2 2 U 
6 N 
56+s 
4 7 '* 
78 to 
57+* 
56'» 
36+* 
12o+4 
7oto 
43+x 
31 '4 
27'8 
2 o '* 
36’ 8 
2o’ * 
26' / 
U U 
3o 
23 to 
AAU 
48' 3 
61 to 
4 3 N 
58+* 
46 
IO U 
7 + 8 
34to 
22' * 
37+* 
2 7 '8 
2 o U 
14' 3 
18' 8 
13'4 
3 8 's 
3o 

N E W Y O R K 
Y e a r ly 
H ig h 
L o w 
8 U 
2 + 8 
6 o U 
3?' / 
4 U 
I U 
,3 
6+* 
IO 
3' 3 
I U 
2+s 
7o 
14 
23 to 
16’ 3 
3 6 '* 
TO 
16' * 
7+8 

Am TelATel 
InexcoOil 
Exxon 
Gen Motors 
Dow Ch 
East Kodak 
KresgeSS 
Woolworth 
Houst Ind 
OccidenPet 
Texaco Inc 
MinnMM 
Ford Mot 
Gen Elec 
Sony Corp 
IntTelTel 
Am Home 
GultWstn 
Tesoro Pet 
Ga Paclf 

Week's 
Stes 
1.546.7oo 
1,141.SPO 
99 o SOO 
977 5oo 
859,ooo 
821 SOO 
755.8oo 
684 SOO 
666 ooo 
663 3oo 
653,611o 
643 TOO 
594,5oo 
571.2oo 
562 ooo 
55o.8oo 
527.4oo 
526.2oo 
51o,6oo 
5o7.4oo 

High 
65' a 
2 2 U 
S IH n u 
3 8 18 
74' 8 
36' 1 
76 a 
3-1 8 
25' a 
28’ s 
5 T b 
57 > B 
51+b 
9 
34 + 8 
31 
IS1 X 
15*81 
35' J 

LOW 
63' * 
L a s t Chg 
65 
+ 
1to i6+-* 
2 2 U + 
S U 
SC' 8 
5o' a — 
I N 
69 + 8 
7 1 + 9 + 
I N to 
36’ J 
37’ 4 + 
7114 
717-* + 
N 
3+' 7 
3 6 '* + 
V 2 
25+9 
T S U * 
+4 
33 
34 
+ to 
2 4 '9 
2 4 '4 — to 
27 
27 to + 
U 
48’ 3 
5o+* + 
7 
55 
5 7 '* + 
1+4 
SOU 
5o to. 
8+* 
8 ’ 8— 
1 8 
33' 2 
33 N — 
' 7 
29' j 
3o+8 + 
+4 
14+4 
15 
13to 
U M — 
N 
33 
3 3 N + 
I U 

Week's American leaders 
Weeks 

Vernitron 
HouOilM 
Intl Bnknot 
Na! Patent 
MiteCorp 
TexstarCp 
Cdn Int Pw A 
Husky Od 
SyntexCorp 
Asamera O 

S ale 
H ig h 
L o w 
L a s t C hg 
8 U + lto 
6o4.2oo 
8 U 
6+4 
544,3oo 
52 
47 
SI 
+ 2' s 
435,2oo 
4' a 
3+9 
4 
+- i 4 
35o 2oo 
I? 
I , 
12 
+ ito 
779,ooo 
IO 
9 to 
IO 
242,8oo 
7+4 
7 N 
7+4 + to 
216,5oo 
2o 
18to 
19to+ 
1+4 
192 3oo 
2 3 N 
21to 
23 to + 
+* 
184,9oo 
2o-N 
2o' * 
7 o + 9 - to 
144,7oo 
I I N 
IO U 
IO '7— I U 

WHAT THE STOCK M A R KET DID 
Two 
ThisPrev Year Years weekweekaao ago 
Advances 
938 
7o2 
1389 
979 
Decliners 
886 
1145 
489 
761 
Unchanged 
269 
243 
182 
258 
Total issues 
2o93 2o9o 
2o6o 1998 
New 1976 77 highs 
133 
167 
64o 
68 
New 1976 77 lows 
35 
44 
2 
2 
W EE KLY SALES 
ThisWaak 

Averages 

NY stocks 
NY Bonds 
American Stocks 
American Bonds 
Midwest Stocks 

T h is W e e k 
A Y e a r Ago 
1o1,36o,ooo 139,o7o,36o 
94,42o,ooo 11o,254,ooo 
13,o3o,ooo 25,724,69o 
$6,61o,ooo $7,765,ooo 
.5,37o,ooo 6,56o.ooo 

W e e k ly N u m b e r of T ra d e d Issu es 
N Y Stocks 
2o93 
N Y Bonds 
1611 
American Stocks 
1144 
American Bonds 
129 
Ups 
NEW YORK (AP) - The following list shows the New York Stock Exchange stocks and warrants that have qone up' 
•he most and down the most iii the oast week based on percent of change regardlessof volume 
No securities trading below $2 are incl uded Net and per con t agech ana esar erne difference between last week’ s closing 

 of prices for the week ended 
AVERAGES 
OO. s range 
STOCK 

Indus 
Trans 
Utils 
65 Stks 

Ope 
938 Jj 948 3o 938 33 94o 24 
223 74 225 9o 223 74 224 92 +o 68 
1o5.89 1o6 95 1o5 83 1o6 69 +o 61 
3o7 ll 31o 28 3o7 ll 3o8 28 + 2 18 
BONO AVERAGES 
2o Bonds 
91 29 
91 4o 
91 29 
91 33 unch utils 
96 66 
96 83 
96 53 
96 72 —o.23 
Indus 
85 92 
86 15 
BS 92 
85 95 +o 23 
CO M M O DITY FUTUR ES IN D E X 
389 18 396 o2 389 18 395 58 + 4.o3 

NEW YORK 
(AP) 
Standard and 
Poor's Weekly 5oo Stock Index 
C lo se 
Chg 

 en 
High LowClose Chg 
+ 172 

4oo Indust 
2o Trans 
4o Utils 
4o Financial 
SOO Stocks 

H ig h 
L o w 
112 77 
111 57 
U U 
14 OI 
52 59 
52 32 
11.92 l l 8o 
IO) 5o 
IOO 49 

111.57+o.32 
14.o7 + o o3 
52 4 5 -o 13 ll 82 *o o7 
IOO 49-LO 27 and Downs 

 nam e 
Texti Ind 
Flintkt pfB 
Inexco Oil 
Inmont Cp 
Pueblo Int 
Flintkt ptA 
World Airw 
FlaEasCst 
SargWel Sci 
Int Mining 
Munford 
Rapid Amer 
Palm Beach 
Venice ind 
Nucor Corp 
WeanU pfA 
Ka wee Ben 
Safeqrd Ind 
ChiMilw Cp 
Wean Unit 
Revere Cop 
Molycorp 
SeaContain 
Todd Shipyd 
Dymo ind 

Name 
Am Medical 

/e e k 's clo sin g p 
U P S 
L a s t 
C h g 
4 to 
+ 
I 1* 
39 
-f 
22'7 y h 
22’ j 
-f 
5 ’ 8 
3 U 
-f 
*8 
79 
-f 1 5 'b 
5 to 
+ 
I 
31 
4 
5 
15 to 
4 
2^8 
IS 
4* 
2^4 
9 '8 
4 
T i 
7 '8 
4 * 
; 8 
11+8 
4 
4' o 
4 
»/7 
26 
•f 
3 1 8 
18+b 
4 
?' 8 
18' 3 
2' a 
A N 
4 to 
S U 
4 to 
5 to 
4 
■N 
2 1 N 
4 
2 
47+8 
-4 4' 4 
28 
4- 
2 'n 
12to 
4 
I U l l ' 2 
4 
I 

Pct 
Up 
39 3 

DOWNS 
Last 
D U 

Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 

32 8 
29 5 
29 5 
23 8 
23 7 
73 5 
19 ? 
17 6 
14 3 
14 I 
14 o 
13 8 
13 8 
13 7 
13 I 
13 o 
12 8 ll 9 ll 9 
IO 2 
9 9 
9 8 
9 6 
9 5 

Chq 
2' 
7 
C om w ith O il 
S N 
— Ito 
3 
A v n e t 
Ip f 
33' 2 
— 5' 2 
4 
P la n R e s rc h 
3to 
— 
N 
5 
V e tc o ln c 
18 
?to 
6 
H u m a n a 
IS ' 2 
- 2+9 
7 
G tW o d 
U n it 
2 o U 
3 
8 
N a t M e d E n t 
13+8 
— 2 
9 
T e x G a s T pf 
43 
6 
IO 
C o m w O P IA 
14 
— 1+* l l 
G ro lie r Inc 
2 
— 
' * 
I? 
S h a k e s p r e 
9 U 
- 
It o 
13 
A m a x 5 25p< 
115 
13' I 
14 
A c m e C iev 
1, 
— I U 
15 
G lfR e s p f A 
??+* 
— 2' 2 
16 
E lg in N a t! 
,9 to 
— 7 U 
17 
W ils h ire O il 
H U 
— 
'8 
18 
H o sp C p A m 
24+8 
— ? u 
19 
A v n e ' p tC 
8o 
— 8 
2o 
U O P 
IS ’ * 
— I U 
21 
B o rm a n 
3 to 
_ i , 
22 
G lfR e s p f B 
2 o +* 
— 2 
23 
W ie b o ld ' S ir 
8 
— 
+4 
24 
G A T X 
CP 
?9+* 
— 2+4 
25 
S ou th d w n 
1 3 H 
— I U 

Pct 
Off 17.4 
Off 16 7 
OH 14 I 
Off 13 9 
OH 138 
OH 13 3 
Off 12 9 
OH 12 8 
Of* 12 2 
OH ll I 
OH 111 
Oft IO B 
OH 1o.5 
OH IO 2 
OH 
9 V 
Off 
OH 
OH 
Off 
OH 
OH 
Off 
Oft 
Off 
OH 
Dollar 

NEW YORK 
NEW YORK (AP) —The following is a list of the most active stocks based on the dollar volume. 
The total is based on the median price the stock traded multiplied by the shares traded 
Name 
Tot(StOOO) Sales(hds)Last 
IBM 
$121,4364479 27o's 
Am Tel & Tel 
$99,343 15462 65 
Gen Motors 
$62 192 
8775 71+k 
HF ast Kodak 
..$59,661 
8215 71M 
Fxxon 
$5o,892 99o6 X U 
Ford Mot 
$33,366 
5945 57V« 
Dow O i.............................. $32,1o5 859o 37 4 
MinnMM 
$32,o24x6437 5o+* 
Gen Elec 
$28,988 
$717 5o'* 
Kresqe SS 
$26,83ox7558 36' a 

The following list 
Stock 
Exchange 
NFW YORK (AP) shows the American 
_________ w, 
Pocks and warrants that have qone up the most and down the most in the oast week based on percent of change reqardk-ssof volume 
No securities trading below $2 are incl uded 
N e t and percentagechangesarethe difference between last week’ s closing price and this week's closing pr.ee 
UPS n a m e 
R e eves T e l 
B e rg E n t Inc 
Scope Iud 
G oon In d 
C e n v ill C om 
C o m p a c Cp 
U P ie c e D y 
K n ic k T o y n 
R o b in tech 
V e rn itro n 
A lp h a In d 
N u m a c O G 
T h o ro f M k t 
B re e ze Cd 
Un In v e s t 
C e llu C ra ft 
V in ta g e E n t 
W a rd s Co 
P e m ro r 
P a ta g o n ia 
R a y m P rec 
E d m o s C o rp 
T u ftc o Co 
W y le L a b s 
K a y C o rp 

L a s t 
T U 
3’ J 
31', 
2 
21 
S '4 
4' 8 
IA U 
14+4 
8' 8 
3 
13*8 
3' 8 
S' 1 b u 
2+8 
2+8 
4+4 
B U 
* ' a 
26 , 
2 ', 
V , b U 
6 
D O W N S 
L a s t 
43.4 
5*4 
3 N 
2 ', 
2 
3'4 
5 
IO’ , 
7*» 
? N 
6 8 
8 
T U 
I 
8' 8 
IS * a 
3' 4 
6*8 
IO 
3*» 
4' z 
3 to 
2+4 
4*8 
7 

N a m e 
A M A X w l 
In t P ro te in s 
C a lc o m p 
F ro n t A w t 
Im p e r 
In d 
C ord o n In tl 
M o rto n s Sn 
A sa m er a O 
C a p ita l 
R es 
F id e lc o 
G th 
H illh a v e n 
U S B a n 
T rs t 
E t / la v u d 
S cien ce M g l 
A ffil Hosp 
H o w e ll C o rp 
C o m tia n Co 
San 
C a rlo s 
A A R C o rp 
B eth C orp 
C ro w n C rf 
G re e n rn an 
K id d o w i 
R H M .sd 
Sv 
IM C M a g eaders 

AM ERIC AN 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) — T h e fo llo w in g is a list of th e m ost a c tiv e s to cks b a s e d on th e d o lla r v o lu m e . 
T h e to ta l is b ased on th e m e d ia n p ric e of th e stock tra d e d m u ltip lie d by th e s h a re s tra d e d 
T ot ( $ 1ooo1 S a le s (h d s ) L a s t 
$26,942x 544J 
51 
$4 957 
1377 
34' , 
$4,531 
6o47 
8 '8 
$4,374 
1923 
73'4 
$ 4 1 9 4 
2165 
!9 '« 
$4,o27 
35o2 
12 
$3,988* 1o78 
37's 
$3,79ox1849 
2o*8 
$2 755 
279o 
IO 
$7,549 
6o7 
4 2 ' , 

C hg 
P c t 
+ 
U p 
35 3 
-1 
7,i 
U p 
33 3 
4 
6 4 
U p in 8 
-f 
+ 8 
U p 
23 I 
4 
4 
U p 
22 5 
4 
I ’ 2 
U p 
77 7 
4 to 
Up 
77 7 
4 
3 
U p 
2 1 6 
4 
2 U 
Up 
2o 4 f 
1 + 8 
U p 
2o 4 
4 
1 2 
U p 
2o o 
4 
2 U 
U p 
19 8 
4 to 
U p 
19 o 
■4 to 
U p 
18 9 
4 
' b up 
18 9 
4 
+ 8 
U p 
18 8 
4 to 
U p 
18 o 
4- 
+4 
U p 
18 8 
4 
I N 
U p 
1o 6 
4 
+'* 
Up 
18 2 
4 
4 
Up 
17 8 
4 to 
U p 
17 6 
4 
V a up 
17 6 
4 
I 
U p 
17 4 
+ to 
U p 
17 I 

Chg 
P ct 
3' 2 
O ff 
42.4 
L U 
O ff 
25 o 
NP to 
O ff 
,9 4 
' 1 
O ft 
16 7 to 
O ft 
15 8 
’ 2 
O ft 
13 3 
1* 
O ff 
13 o 
I U 
O ft 
12 5 
+9 
O ff 
I? 5 
W” 
+9 
O ft 
12 5 
’ n 
O ff 
12 5 
V t 
O f* 
12 3 
+8 
O H l l 5 to 
O ff l l I 
1 
O ft l l o w 
Ito 
O ff 
IO 6 
N 
O ff 
1o 3 
N 
O ft 
IO 7 
I U 
O ff 
IO I to 
O ff 
IO o to 
O ft 
IOO 
— 
H 
O ff 
,o o u 
O ft 
IO O to 
O ff 
9 8 to 
O ft 
9 7 

M a r k e t 

A n a l y s i s 

D O * 
I o N I S 

3o m o u s e d ! S 

^ 
T r e a s u r y 
B o n d s 
\fo eekiy T r e a s u r y B onds 
N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
O v e r th e C o u n te r 
U S. G o v e rn m e n t T r e a s u r y bo n d s, w e e k ly h>ah. low a n d clo sin g a s k e d p ric e s , th e net c h a n g e fro m th e p re v io u s w e e k 's 

 v s 
I I 

W e n of 

Ie !) t i 
‘ rh 18 

C hicago O p tio n s 

N a m e 
H o u O ilM 
CK P e tro l 
V e rn itro n 
H u s k y 
O il 
C d n ln tP w . 
N a t P a te n t 
K e w a n e e in 
S yntex C o rp 
M ite C orp 
M it r h iF D 

D i v i d e n d s 

 f r i d a y d iv id e n d s d e c l a r e d 
Pe nod 
R ate 
IRREGU LAR 
M o t o r A D R x 

Stk of pay record able 

11 93 
6 28 
IO 77 
12 83 

6 3? 
7 38 
9 o2 
9 48 
1o 64 
5 53 
5 16 
I 45 

6 91 
5 17 
9 J S 
4 74 

13 58 
7 13 
6 19 
8 o1 
3 * 1 
3 * * 

18 o5 
13 99 
7 5* 
11 OS 
9 17 
12 16 
9 97 
9 65 
1o 41 
3 49 
6 71 
1o 9o 
7 IS 
5 35 

11 83 
6 22 
IO 72 
12 78 

6 77 
7 35 
8 92 
9 44 
IO 58 
5 46 
5 12 
I 42 

6 76 
5 13 
9 21 
4 17 

13 57 
7 o 8 
6 33 
7 94 

* 8 

17 86 
13 86 
7 52 
1o*5 
9 o5 
17 IO 
9 87 
9 61 
1o 12 
3 47 
6 23 
IO 75 
7 o 9 
5 33 

11 84 I 
6 22 + 
IO 75 + 
12 79 + 

6 27 + 
7 36 + 
8 92— 
9 44 + 
IO 58 + 
5 46 + 
5 13 *■ 
I 45 + 

6 76 
5 15 + 
9 21 ♦ 
4 17— 

13 57 
7 o9 L 
6 33 - 
I 9 4 - 
3 88 F 
3 98 - 

17 * o - 
13 86 + 
7 52 + 
IO *5 + 
9 o 5 - 
12 13 + 
9 87 
9 64 + 
1o 32 + 
3 47 - 
6 23 + 
IO 7 $ - 
7 o9 - 
5 33 + 

H o e d . 
25 
« p a y a b le d a te u n an n o u n ced 
Inv Co A m e r 
C o c tile C o rp 
M a s " F u n d 
W aits* G r w F d 

o? 
A llen O rg a n 
Ok I K a n s a s C jiy Sth 

12 
o4 l l 
o5 
STOCK toe 

3 I 
3 18 
3 17 
3 15 

3 25 
3 I 

3 25 
4 I 
3 31 
3 31 

4 8 
3 25 

 e a r 
’ s 
H i g h s 

A n d 
L o w 
* 

o oo723 o f a s h a re ot M a p c o to r e ach s h a re ot K a n s a s C ity Sth h eld 
L io e rty N H C *) x 
• 7 to r I, re c o rd & p a y a b le d a te s unan n o u n c e d .s u b le c t lo s h a re h o ld e rs a p p ro v a l 
EX TR A 
T r.c o P ro s 
3 35 
3 1 
3 11 
INCREASED 
A icon L a b s 
o« 
C o n n G en l in s u r 
JO 
Cow ie*, C o m m o n 
16 
F in d G e n B k s h r 
IO 
F la N H B k F la 
o9 le w is B us F o rm 
o7$ 
N a O u r s In tl 
o85 
N tiC hd i n 
$ 
IS 
S K A F (R S T C o rp 
31 
S u n s tra n d C o rp 
3o 
T a p p a n Co 
o6 
T ex a s U til 
35 
T o w le M fg 
22 
U n it F ir e (C a s u a l 
25 

U n iv e r L e a * T o o 
47 
W sln P u b lis h 
22 
R E S U M E D 
C o m p o In d u s* 
Ob 
SPECIAL 
R e id P ro v id e n t 
o7 
REGULAR 

4 2+ 
4 l l 
4 6 
5 7 
3 31 
4 l l 
3 IS 
4 I 
4 I 
J 18 
J 15 
4 I 
4 79 
3 

5 I 
3 15 

3 I t 

A I 
3 21 

4 IS 
3 18 
3 t i 
3 14 
3 IO 
3 l l 
2 25 
3 15 
3 IO 

J n 
3 31 
3 I 

4 I 
3 I 

N Y Stocks n e w h ig h lo w s 
N F W H IG H S — 3o 
A W 4 I Opt 
Ar .drsC lay 
Ar u si R u b 
B org W a rn 
Bo SF 8 sap! 
Con N C ,as pf 
D a y t P l p tO 
D ot E 9 JVpt 
DiM ngti p l 
D o m . M in e s 
O uxsiP p tF 

G lo b e U n. 
In e x c o O d 
In m o n t CP 

N E TV L O W S - I 
B ax I T ra y ill 
D e lta A T L 
I e d e r o 5 * r 
H o n d a M o t 

A m e rn an n e w bu 
N E W H I G H S - Ii 
C n n v ill C om 
E a s te rn Co 
£ cod yne 
H a s t .rigs M i 
K e y C o rp 
K itii k Toy n 
M o ty tr p w t 
N u m a c O G 

N E W L O W S 
6 
C H B Food 
C a tto rn P 
C ro w n C rf 

In t M m u g 
K C P L 4 ftp ! 
M a y e r Cise 
M .c h G a s U 
M o ly c o rp 
M oi y Corp p f 
O q d e n C p p f 
P o tla tc h 
R a p A m 3pf ia -a id P o w 
Sun C h e m 
T I C o rp 
Thiokol 
T r . C o m p t 
U G I C orp 

Johnson E F t y k e s C orp 
U A L Inc 

P ru d R I E s t 
K lty R e t T r 
R e e v e s Tel 
S a te tra n A 
SC F k kept 
U n in v e s t 
V e rn itro n 
W U I Inc 

E nee utv m d 
K o tlm n r r, 
V ee m n * A m 

A V C C o rp 
A k /o o a In c 
o 
A lle n O rg a n 
A n c o n a B an k 
Ct 
B a d g e r M e te r 
Q 
B arn es G ro u p 
o 
Boston Co 
O 
Bi Cinco Inc 
o 
Br o w n F o r m O 'St O 
B u tia io F o rg e 
Q 
B ur (lox Inc 
C H C C o rp 
C N A In to Shes 
M 
C a id P o rtla n d 
Q 
C a s tle (C o o k e 
Q 
C h a m p io n P rd s 
O 
Consol P a p e r 
Q 
D e tre x C h e m 
Q 
D o u g las ( L o r n a so h Q ll 

IO 
3o 
IO 
IS 
125 
2o 
26 
2o 
IS 
35 
o5 
OI 
o9 
25 
2o 
2o 

3 15 
3 16 
3 25 

5 1 
3 1 
4 13 
3 25 
3 4 
3 17 
3 9 
4 I 
7 28 
3 >6 
3 2 
1 18 
2 28 
3 15 
3 IO 

T rt*a M iir\ hiilt 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
U S T re a s u ry B ills to r 
F r id a y 
D u* 
B ld A s k Y id 
*77 
24 
4 at) 
4 M 1 cc 
J 
4 54 
4 36 4 43 
I 
4 52 
4 34 4 4o 
« 
4 5o 
4 3o 4 t i 
17 
4 48 
4 IO 4 l l 
24 
4 46 
4 JO I J* 
J I 
4 47 4 ) 1 4 39 
5 
4 5o 
4 J I 4 46 
7 
4 5o 
4 46 4 49 
14 
4 51 
4 4) 4 5o 
2 1 
4 5 7 
4 49 4 59 
M 
4 56 
4 5o 4 IO 
3 
4 64 
4 54 4 (4 
5 
4 63 
4 57 4 68 
1} 
4 66 
4 59 4 TO 
*9 
4 66 
4 64 4 76 
44 
4 61 
4 42 4 74 l l 
4 66 
4 42 4 74 
I 
4 46 
4 42 4 14 
* 
4 o 4 * 3 o 6 

In d u s . 
■ re N I I Bk 
> Cp Sat 1 B ar 

Ins 

o ( o 
H ood H P 
H o d son B a , 
I C In d u s* 
Im a s c o L id A 
Jones 
M B k e n n e c o h to p p e r 

 fysto n e ifn 

MR 

F o B I 
F d f U 
K ey s to n e F d S I 
I I T CO C o rp N Y 
L o eb M l i d 
M a n s tie fd T .re 
M e 'la g e m . IF A 
M iss V a lle y G d S 
P itts b (W V « 
P o p e .I B ros 
P ro p e rty C f p T r 
PubSvC E ( G 
R e a d in g ( B a t e s 
R et la n c e E le c t 
R o p er Indus* 
R oselon In d u s* 
S cien ce M g m n t 
S elasC p A rn 
S thn P a c it 
S pencer Co 
Sun Bk F ie 
T a lle y I n o u s! 
T eso ro P e tro l 
T ra d e rs G p A 
T r.c o P ro d u c t 
V ic tg r y M r k ts 
V ir g in ia E K P w r 
W a v e rly P *e s s 
W illia m s a Ca 
A r ia n , Im 

IJS 
12 lf ll 
3o 
o3 
o25 
25 
32 
14 
1o 
3o 
45 
4o 
775 
11 
o5 
o35 
o75 

3 I 
3 7 

 w 
3 » 
1 31 
1 4 
3 4 
3 l l 
7 78 
3 IO 
7 78 
7 71 
2 28 
3 15 
3 IS lh 

I 
) 5 
3 1 
2 28 
7 2 8 
3 IS 
4 15 
I 18 
3 4 
I 2 
3 17 
6 Iit 
I l l 
I 75 
I to 
3 I 
3 * 
I 2 if 

3 31 
3 l l 
4 8 

 i l l 
3 IC 
4 J I 
4 4 
4 I 
J JI 
4 6 
4 TC 
J IC 
4 ll 
3 14 
4 4 
3 tr 
I 31 
3 

I 15 
3 15 
I l l 
4 25 
I 14 
4 I 
4 28 
4 I 
I l l 
I 25 
3 71 
I 25 
3 It 
3 IS 
I t i 
4 I 
I 31 
I n 
3 it 
4 I 
3 l l 

W I 
3 31 
3 l l 
4 X 
4 8 
4 5 
3 i i 
4 I 
3 71is 
4 5 
4 8 
4 I 
I l l 

I 'ii 
I U 
I u 
) lf 

O in a lia 

O M A H A N e * 
I A P ) ((J S D A I 
L iv e s to c k q u o ta tio n s f r u e r 
I 
H o g * 
2,M O , barrow - a n d g ilts f a ir ly 
I active, s te a d y to 25 tower bot not enough 
■ w e ig h ts ITO to e m heavier to e s ta b lis h a m ar Fat 
U S 
I 3 
JCO 24o to 
4o 5o 41 OO 
I mound XX) head t i 25 sows under +5o ib 
I JO ’n la rge ly LOO lower over 45o to I 8o 
I 15 tower .n u a n c e s J 8o lo w e r 
XX O M <t- 
26 Od J6 SC 
C a ttle a n d c a lv e * 
I,OOO n o t enough 
♦re d e en an y si a u g m e r H I W to e *ta b b » F e " 'a r E at, sm+pi feed er s u p p ly te n s .g n e o 
•or Friday a vc hon r 

M P M I- R M f lH 
S»n” alen * 
C a n t* w e t v.vep tm 

 tip i* Munday 
.a i yes 
5 uut t 

Over the 
Counter 

Q o o 'o fio n s fro m th e M A S O o r c r e i n * t e n t a t iv e in t e r - d e a ie r o n c e s o s of u p bi ox .m o te l y 3 e m 
In te r-d e a le r m a r k ef., ch a n g e th ro u g h o u t th e d a y P ric e s do no* in c lu d e r e ta il m a r k up m a r k d o w n or c o m m issio n 
F e b 
18, 1977 

B id 
A s k e d 
A lo m o S a v in g s 
Ift 
1; 
A m e r F d r * is jy. 
A n im e s t 
A m e r Sec L it 
1 4 
B e x a r Co Bk 
C a fe te ria s Inc ig 
, 
IV ’ * 
C o m m P ro p 
4 
4 
4 
C u llen 
15 
| ft 
D a to p o m t 
22 
7 3 I 
D o rc h e s te r C o s t i P a s o E le c 
I) 
F o re s t O il yi 
2 1 , hTOhk 
2 * . f I, Sum Bk S h o rts 
F ro s t Bk 
2o 
G u lf E n e rg y 
H a n d y D a n t j . i i . 
H e n ry S M ille r 
« , y 4 
K e lly F .eld N il n 
M e re a* Tx C o m m 
W e rt o* T X P fd g j i . 
, , 
M e rc h a n ts 
) / , 
H B C Ct Tin, 
O ly m p ia B re w ie j ; 
P M O s o y 
6,17 p °d o 
13 a 
|J .» 
Shoo C o m m y 
, j . o 
Shoo P td lo . 
_ 
S ig m o r 
I j k 
S tw o rl ( S tin s o n 
14' , 
1 ^ 
T ex a s In tl A ir 
4 , s 4 
Ttoperciry 
IJ 4 
I* 4 
I ra n s p o 't L it 
6 4 
W # o *h e rto id In tl l l tJ 
W inns 
71 j . 
Money Kale 

N E W Y O R K IA P I 
D d a y 
M o n e y re te s fo r 

P ru n e r a te 
6 '4 
O iv o u n t t a le 
5*4 
F e d e ra l funds m a r k e t r a te 
+<4 hig h 
411 16 lo w 
411 16 Close 

D ' « 1 
^ 
1" c '.a 1 P a p e r 
3o >8o d a y s + H a t 
C o m m e rc ia l p a p e r bv fin a n c e c o m p a n y 
X 2 /o d a y s +' j 5 '» 
B aikca-s a c c e p ta n c e d e a le r in d ic a tio n s l l 59 d ays i tm 4 63 
4o us d a y s 
4 TO 4 65 
9o 119 a a vs, 4 75 4 TO 
12o 179 d a y s . 4 85 4 «o 
18o 7 /o de vs, 5 oo 4 «o 
C e rtific a te s of d ep o sit 
X 59 d a y s . 4+x 4 , 
6o 89 d a y s 4 
4 . 
9o MV d ays. 4*8 4 *4 
1/o 179 d a y s 
4 * . 4*4 
I al) J6o d a y s . 5 5 *8 
T e iiv a t t m o n e y rr.a rx e t in d a * 
4 cd ext 
o2 fo r u e y a n o o ft 
EX tor w eek 
E u ro d o lla r ra te s 
O v e rn ^ jh t 1>, 1*8 
I m o n th 4 ' . 413 16 
3 m o n th s 51 16 53 16 
6 m o n th s 57 16 i * 16 
I y e a r 6 61 16 

 l*uniiaii<!l«* L iv«**to rk 

 a m a r i l l o , Tex 
(A P ) te x a s P a n h a n d le a n d w e s te rn 
O k la h o m a fe e d lo t tra d e w as slo w 
F r id a y 
L im te a sales s la u g h te r s te e rs a n d h e ife rs s te a d y 
M u st fe e d lo ts re p o rte d lig h t 
.m e re s ' a n d in q u iry 
S ales on 17oo Si A ugh 1 e r s te e rs . TOO s ta u q i.'w h e lle rs 
S la u g h te r s te e rs 
G ood a n d m o stly h o ite 7o 85 p e rc e n t c h o ic e ? 4 1o75 I ISO ids 38 3o M .xeu good cmd ch o ic e *o5o HOO tbs J? sc m oo 
Slaughter heifers 
Good a n d mostly choice 7 4 95o .bs 36 OU 
M ix e d good a n d ct m ice 875 9oo lbs 38 5o 

H u lle r aud Lgg* 

C H U A O D (A P ) 
(U E D A 1 
B u tle r dead* wholesale buying prices Friday u « o *a b y « d 
«J s t o re A A SC 62. 92 A 9o S3. 
SO B unquoted 
E g g * w e a k sales delivered store d o o r cartons I to + tower 
A extra a rg # Hi I t 
A la rg e (Mf I t , A m e d iu m s 65 7o 

N E W YORK (A P ) 
( U S O A ) - W h o le sale e g g u tte r -agy 
S teady p ric e s un ch an g ed 

N E W 
Ir e n e el S tap le P ric e s 
Y O B K 
: A P I 
T h e Assoc I a la e 
J*1 e>S a . p ile d 
_ 
35 (O m -1 o d *tie s d w ftn e d ^ 
Prev«»gs flay V t /% 
Weak tau 
M u ll St a g o 376 ta Y e w agr, le t I? 
1977 t n t 
1915 
H ig h 
J e t 14 
.IM 14 *61 31 t«W 
IM 14 
X i i i 
1*5 44 
< 3*81 a » m agy, eguets MBI 

 i W 

1974 

3 ? e l 

1*8 a 
6+4 
2 
I 16 
■I'n 
I 16 

1 16 a 
2 Hr 

I 16 l l ' 

F r id a y , F e b 
O p tio n & p ric e 
F e b 
A E P 
2o 
4 
A E P 
25 a 
A m Hos 
25 b 
A m HOS 
3o a 
A M P 
25 
VS 
A M 
P 
3o a 
A M P 
35 
I X 
B a x te r 
35 a 
B a x te r 
4o 
I 16 
B a x te r 
45 a 
B lk DK 
B lk D k 
B oeing 
Boeing 
Boeing 
Bois C 
Bors C 
B o is C 
C B S 
. 
C B S 
Coke 
Coke 
C o k e 
C o lq al 
C o lg at 
C row E d 
C m w E d 
C m w E d 
C D a ta 
C D a ta 
Go D v n 
G n D y n 
On D y n 
G E U t 
G E U t 
G E Ut 
G en F d 
G en F d 
G en F d 
H o w le t 
H o w le t 
H o w le t 
H o w let 
H Inns 
H Inns 
H o n w ll 
H on w l I 
H o n w ll 
In F ly 
In F ly 
J M a n y 
M a n y 
J M a n y 
M G IC 
M G IC 
TAO bi I 
M o b il 
M o b il 
M o b il 
N S em i 
N S e m i 
N Sem i 
N S em i 
N Sem i 
O cci 
O c c i 
......... 
Occi 
R a y th n 
R a y th n 
R voids 
R yn ld s 
SI urn bn to m b 
S lu m b lu m b 
S k y lin 
Sky I in 
Southn 
St ind 
SI In d 
St In d 
T x G it 
T x G it 
T x G it 
U A L 
U A L 
U A L 
U T ech 
. 
U Tech 
U T ech 
J W a lt 
, 
J W a lt 
J W a lt 
W iilm s 
W illm s 

18 
M a y 

J 

A ug Close 
4 N 
4 
24+4 
I 4 to 
24' 4 
2+4 a 
26' 3 
U 
IS 16 
26' j 
1+4 a 
25' v a 
I 
2 5 U a a 
25 N 
V a 
2 
33 
1 a to 
33 
I 16 to 
33 
J U 
3 to to 
5 16 
13 16 
I A ’ a 
6+8 a 
4 1 M 
3 
4 
4 1 ’ * 
I 
Ito 
41+4 a a 
3 o U 
I N 
29 16 
3oto 
5 16 l l 16 
3o U 
6 to a 
SA 
Ito 
1+4 
56 
8 ’ a 
9 + 2 
77 
J U 
3 1 3 l l 
3 16 b l l 
I 
I N 
25 a 
1 4 
25 
■ito a 
3o 
9 16 a 
3o 
I 16 a 
3o 
3 u 
4 
22+r i 4 
IV 16 
22+8 
U U b 
SB1 2 
9 U 
IO U 
SB1 z 
J U 
4 U 
SB1 2 b b 
S U 
6+9 b 
3,4 
2 b a a 
J 7 U 
3 
3 U 
37'7 
+9 
+4 
32' z 
6 + 8 
8 17 
73 
7 
4 
73 a 
1+9 
73 
U 
I 16 
73 
2 U 
2' 3 
11+4 

 a 
IO 's 
8 
6' 8 b 73 16 b 
9 16 
5 
11-4 

1+6 

4' 8 

 a 
7 16 13 16 

4 '# a 
I 16111 16 

A lcoa 
A lco a 
A m le i 
A m 3 el 
A m T e l 
A ll R 
A ll R 
A ll R 
Avon 
A von 
Avon 
B ank A m 
Bank A rn 
B eth S 
B eth S 
B e th S 
B ru n s 
B ru n s 
B u rl N 
I B u rl N 
B url N 
C it.c p 
CHKP 
D e lta 
D e lta 
D o w Ch 
D o w Ch 
D o w Ch 
F a s K d 
F e s K d 
F a s K d 
Ear. Kd 
F xxon 
F x xon 
E x x o n 
E x x o n 
+ 
N M 
P N M 
F lu o r 
F lu o r 
F lu o r 
F luck f o r d 
F o rd tJen E l 
C e n E l 
G e n E l 
G M 
G M 
o M 
G I W st 
G I W SI 
G I W st 
G U W n 
G II W n 
M al b in 
M a 'b tn 
H a t Din 
H orns* k 
H o rn stk 
H orn stk 
H on.Stk 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
HOU G M 
M oo O M 
HOU O M 
HOU O M 
1 N A 
I N A 
I U M 
I B M 
In H a r 
In H e r in H a r 
In M .n 
In M rn 
In P a p 
In P a p 
I T T 

 x en. 
K err 
I Kerr 

 lO e w s 
M c D o n 
M i 
Ooh 
M< 
Don 
M e rc k 
M e rc k 
WA M M 
M 
M 
M 
Mons an 
M on sen 
M o n san 
N C R 
N C R 
N C R 
N w A ir 
N w A ir 
P e n n / 
Per. n / 
P e n n / 
P epsi 
P e p *. 
P o lar 
P o le r 
Poler 
P o le r 
P C A 

6 
7 H 
13 16 
5 
5 *9 b 
I 16 17-16 
T i a 
5 16 IS 16 i'» 
5 '9 
5*9 
IM * 
1+6 
Jut 
OC* 
S'/e a 
6o a 
L e a 
55 
9 *6 
IO '4 b 
o 
4*9 
4 *e 
5*9 
65 l l 16 l l 16111 16 

T 
, 

 c lo sin g a s k e d p ric e a n d 'y ie id 
* 
" ig h L o w 
L a s t Chg 
1oo 5 IOO 2 IOO 2 - 
3 
R a te M a tu r ity Hi 
6 
F e b 
77 n 
“ 
6 1 ? M «r 
77 n 
7>«Ai>r 
77 n 
6 '» M a y 
77 n 
9 
M a y 
77 ii 
6-G M a y 
77 n 
6 ' ,J u n 77 

IOO 9 IOO 8 IOO 8 — 
IOO 191oo 181oo 18 
IOO 181oo 171oo 17— 
I d 2 IOT I IO L I 
IOO 2o1oo 181oo 18 
„ 
, , 
IOO 211oo 2o1oo 2o 
7' J J u l 77 ll 1o1 7 1o1 6 1o1 7 a 
7 G A u g 77 n 1o1 131o1 121o1 13 
8 > 4 A u g 77 n 1o1 241o1 231o1 23 
8 '» S ep 
77 n 1o2 I 1o2 
1o2 
I 
7’ .O c f 
77 n 
1 o 1 2 o 1 o 1 1 9 1 o 1 2 o 
7+4 NOV 77 n 1o1 271o1 271o1 27 
6 *9 N o v 77 n 1 o 1 3 1 o L 2 1o1 2 
7 '4 D e c 77 n 1o1 2 1 1 o 1 2 o 1 o 1 2o 
6 *9 Jan 
78 n 
IQI 
1oo 3o1oo 31 a 
I 

1+9 
7'» 

35 
*8 
1+4 
4o 
19 
7 16 
35 
2+4 
4 
IO 
H )7 14 
45 
'9 
7 16 
7o 
4+x 
6 ' , 
8o l l 16 75 16 
9o 
I 16 
IOO 
I 16 
45 
5 *9 
6 + 8 
SO H I 16 
7*4 
55 
5 16 13 16 
6o 
I 16 
3 16 
15 
IV , 
IL . 
2o 
I 16 a 
TO 
4 + i a 
IS 13 16 
7 8 

9 16 15 16 b 

4o 
3 ,6 
1 
45 
1 16 b 
» 
7 N 
•to 
AO 
I 
7 to 
SO 
2 N 
Ito 
55 
I 16 
Ito 
6o a 
5 1* 
6o 
12 b 
7o 
3to 
4+» 
Btl to to 
15 
T H 
*o 7 1 5 I * a 
75 to 
15 i t 
M i i i t i'm 
7o 
M• 
I M 
5o 
7'k a 
6o 
I U 
7 N 
IO a 
N 
25 
U N b 
3o 
IO N 
W '3 
35 
S U 
6 N 
4o 
21 16 
Jto 
3o 
7 1 '* a 
35 
M U 
17 
4o 
U N l l 
45 
I U 
* 
5o 
J U 
6 2 
AO 15 16 
2 N 
4o a 
4 N 
45 t o 
I N 
24o 
1 7 U 
24' 3 
28o 
S n 
U N 
25 tu 
A+4 
3o t i l 
2 N 
15 
14 
9 I * 
15 
6 
6 4 
4o 
IV I * 
T U 
5o 
5+4 
J U 
6o 
N 
25 
B U b 
3o 
4 U 
4' 1 
35 to 
V a l 
TO 
I U 
?to 

4o 
I, M ito 
5o l l I * 
I t o ll* I* 
*o 
1 M a b 
45 
I N 
4 U 
$+» 
AO ito 
7 2 
3 N 
I l o a 
“» 
5o 
?to 
IN 
IN 
AO 
J M 
+■ 
Ito 
7o 
4N a 
I N 
IO 15 M 
Jto 
3 
VO 
I M 
I 
JO 
J a d 
IS 
JU 
4 a 
4o u i n 
Jto rn i i m 
IN 
Jto 
3o 
I M 
7 1* l l 16 
2$ 
•to a b 
3o 
4 U 
4 u 
I to 
IS to 
I N 21 M 
TO 
I U 
6+8 a 
*o 
I to ito 
TH 
IO 
AU 
J 
IU 
35 
2+* 
IN 
4 U 
4o 
IT M 25 to 
45 to b b 
JO 
*'» 
AN b 
• S t u n s to 
JN 
JO to 
N l l I * sears 
AO 
4 ' t 
5to 
S ears 
7o 
5 M 
I U 
S p a rry t i 
I i t o 
S ta r r y 
4o 
1+8 
2M s p a r r y t i 
5 M 
U M 
S p arry 
M to to s y n ta x 
7o 
I N 
I $ M 2 
S y n ta x t i 
J M l l I * 
Syntax ti t ta b 
T a t a r # 
IO 
4+4 
4N 
T a ta r a 
I) 
9 I* 
I 
T a t a r * t i 
I I * to 
Tax in l f 
I N 
I 

Ut) jo h n 
U p fO h n 

* r *' ti * 
I ***%* i Ti?*#* 
Inn 

,21 n o 
I I * 
I to 
U 19 16 
J U 
4o 
I 16 13 14 
45 
1 14 b 
+o 
J*. pm 
#5 
U i l l # 

. A i ' 

6 '4 F e h 
78 n 
1oo 291oo.271oo 28 + 
8 
F a b 
78 n 
1o2 191o2 181o2 18— 
6 * . M a r 78 n ID I 131o1.111o1 12 
6>, A p r 
78 n 1o14 1o1 
7 1o1 3 + 
7' S M a y 
78 n IO , 281o1 261o1 26 
77eM ay 
78 n 1o 2 25,o2 221o2 22 
7' s M a y 
78 n IO! 281o1 
271o1 27 
6 's J u n 78 n 1o1 2o1o1 181o1 19 
6 ' b J u I 
7 8 n lo 1 2 1 1 o L 1 9 1 o 1 1 9 
7*9A ug 
78 n 
1o2 231o2 2o1o2 21 + 
8 + 4 A u g 78 n 1o4 9 1o4 6 1o4 
6 
6 *9 A u g 78 n ,o1 ,1 1 o 1 8 TOI 
8 
8 ’ r S ep 78 n ,o o 231oo 2o1oo 
21 
S 's O c t 78 n IOO 3 IOO I IOO I — 
6 
N ev 
78 n 
IOO 7 IOO 5 IOO 6 
5+4NOV 
78 n 
99 26 99.22 99 23 - 
5 '4 D e c 
78 n 
98 27 98 23 98 24 
8 'B D ec 
78 n 
1o3 291o3 251o3 25 
5 ’9 Jan 
79 n 
99 29 99 24 99 26 
7 
F a b 79 n 
1o2 8 1o2 I 
1o2 8 + 
7+ sM ay 
79 n 
,o3 311o3 251o3 27 
7 +4 J u ii 79 ll 1o3 281o3 211o3 24 
6'4 A ug 
79 n 1oo , 4)oo 9 1oo 1o 
6 'B A u g 79 ii 1o2 
1o1 191o2 
+ 
8 ' /S ep 
79 n 
1o5 191o5 1o1o5 14 r 
6 I 4N o V 
79 n 
IOO 4 
99 29 99 +9 
6 *» N o v 
79 ll 
1o2 2 1o12 1o1 2 
+ 
7 
N o v 79 n 1o2 4 1o2 
1o2 i 
+ 
7' 
Dec 79 n 
1o3 131o3 7 
1o3 8 
I 
F e b 8o 
94 16 9+ 8 
94 16 1 
6' 
F e b 8o n 1oo 231oo 141oo 
14 
7' 
M a r 8o n 1o3 141o3 5 1o3 S 
6 ’ x M ay 88 n OI 231o1 151o1 16 r 
3 
6 35 
7*sJun 
8 o n 
1o3 241o3 14)o3 14 
■ ,2 
6 47 
1o8.1 1o7 161o7 24 r 
IO 
6 48 
,o1 151o14 IO , 4 
3 6 
52 
91 24 91 18 91 2o + 
2 
6 o4 
98 
9 7 2o 9 7 .2 o 
. 7 
6 .5 9 
1o1 291o1 121o1 
,2 
. 4 
6 6o 
1o2 3,1o2 151o2 
IS 
.5 
6 66 
1o2 3o1o2 151o2 
15 
.5 
6 7o 
1o3 241o3 1 ,1 o 3 .1 1 - .4 
6 74 
IO? 8 1o1 221o2 6 + 1 IO 
6 43 
1oL m o o 271oo 27— 
.7 
6 78 
1o4 8 1o3 261o3 26 
.3 
97 25 97 7 
97 7 - 
9 
99 14 99 
99 IO + 
4 
1o5 121o4 281o4 
3o 
3 
1o5 241o5 a 1o5.1o 
.4 
1o4 241o4 121o4.12— .7 
1o5 121o4 221o4 22 
6 
83 16 82 26 83 14 + 
1oo 9 
99 2o 99 77 
IGI 6 IOO 161oo 16 
98 2o 98 4 
98 8 
I 
79 2o 78 14 79 12 + 
84 24 84 2 
84 14 ( 
1o4 2 1o3 121o3 ,2 
1o4 3o1o4 8 1o4 8 
9 6 IS 96 
96 14 + 

9 
Aug 
8o n 
6 ' bSo p 
8o n 
3' /N o v 
8o 
S’ sDec BO n 
7 
F ab 
81 n 
7+ *F eb 
RI n 
7+BM ay 81 n 
7*sA ug 
Bl n 
7 
Aug 
8, 
7 
N ov 
81 n 
7+xNov 
Bl n 
6' sFeb 
82 n 
6 ’HFeb 82 
8 
M a y 
82 n 
8' 8 A ug 
82 n 
7’ bN o v 
8 
F ob 
3' ii J un 
7 
N ov 
7'xFeb 
6* ii A ug 
3 'x M a y 
4' 4M a y 75 85 
I+ x M a y 
86 n 
8 
Aug 
86 n 

 h N O v 86 

Y ie id 
I 43 
3 86 
4 17 
4 39 
4 24 
+ 54 
4 64 
4 6J 
4 73 
4 92 
4 95 
5 o5 
5 13 
5 17 
5 28 
5 3o 
5.32 
5.37 
5 45 
5 54 
5 58 
5 se 
5 5o 
5 63 
5 7o 
5 9? 
5 75 
5 75 
5 81 
5 86 
5 89 
5 92 
5 97 
5 94 
5 98 
5 9 , 
6 OO 
6 o2 
6 l l 
6 15 
6 21 
6 28 
6 2o 
6 18 
6 24 
6 o5 
6 35 
6 37 

82 n 
83 n 
78 83 
83 n 
84 n 
(14 
85 

6 79 
6 TV 
6 54 
3 
6 86 
4 
6 95 
2 
6 VT 
6 
7 o2 
26 6 49 
4 
7 o6 
8 
7.16 
4 
6 68 
22 6 54 
1o 6 75 
11 7 38 
12 7 36 
14 6 63 
J' /F e b VO 
74 2o 73 6 
74 16 
1 I 
8 6 +3 
H 'x M a y 
9o IO ' 1o1o6 261o6 26 
6 7 44 
4 'y A u q 
87 92 
76 14 75 2o 76 
+ 
16 6 77 
4 
I eh 88 V3 74 
12 72 
24 74 8 
+ I 8 
6 64 
6 '< ( e h 
93 
97 
96 2o 
96 24 
7 IO 
7 '/ A ug 
88 93 
1o1 
1o1oo 281oo 28 
4 7 38 
4' bM h y 89 94 
74 26 73 6 
74 24 I I 12 6 61 
I 
F o b VS 
73 26 72 18 
73 12 + I 
5 32 
I 
M a y 93 98 
98 22 98 ? 
98 2 
8 7 18 
3 ',N O V 
98 
74 8 
73 IO 74 2 r I 
8 5 SB 
8' /M a y 
94 VV IDS 8 1o7 1BIo7 18 
12 7 7o 
7+of eb 
95 OO 1o2 161o1 2o1o 1 2o 
IB 7 TO 
8 'h A u g 
95 oo 1o7 
6 ,o 6 ,21o6 12 
14 7 72 
8 
Aug 
96 OI 1o3 2o1o2 261o2 26 
14 7 72 
8' x M a y 
OO o5 
1o6 8 1o5 161o5 16 14 7 74 
7 *s F e b 
o2 o7 
VV 18 98 22 98 22 22 7 75 n 
T re a s u ry N otes 
P ric e s q u o te d 
In d o lla rs ad th ir ty seconds 
S u b je c t to F e d e ra l ta x e s but not to 
S ta te in c o m e ta x e s 

F o r e i g n 
K x e h a n g e 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
N e w Y o rk p ric e s 
F q n c u rre n c y in d o lla rs 

F o re ig n E x c h a n g e , 

F r i 
Thu. 
A rg e n tin .! 
oo3326 ooJ376 
A u s tra lia 
I o97? 
I o954 
A u s tria 
o588 
o585 
B e lg iu m 
o271 
o27, 
Bi .i/il 
o781 
o78) 
B rita in 
I TOSS I 7o6o lO il.iytut 
1 6931 
I 6933 
•O d/! yfut 
I 68o3 
I 68oo 
VOdeytut 
I 6 AVB 
1 67o1 
C a n a d a 
9177 
976? 
C h ile 
o635 
o635 
C o lo m b ia 
o785 
o785 
D e n m a r x 
1692 
169o f g y p ! 
I SA 
I SA 
F cu a .to r 
OTOO 
o4oo 
F ra n c e 
2oo1 
2oo8 
G re e c e 
o272 
o272 
H o llan d 
4oo9 
3994 
H O ngK ong 
2151 
7151 
Ira n 
o M oO ouoo 
Is ra e l 
1)o3 
11o3 ita ly 
o o )1 )4 OOI (34 
Jap an 
oo353o oo3536 
J o rd an 
33 
33 
K u w a it 
3461 
346, 
I et).i non 
3267 
3259 
M e x ic o 
o446 
o446 
N o rw a y 
1894 
1894 
P e ru 
o ,3 8 
o ,1 8 
P h ilip p in e s 
1352 
1352 
F o r tgn al 
o3o7 
.o3o8 
S audi A ra b 
2832 
2828 
So 
A fr ic a 
I 1525 
I 1525 
Spa in 
o144 
o U 4 
S w .ylen 
2361 
2359 
S w itz e rla n d 
3979 
3979 
K klaytui 
3993 
3989 
6 o d a y *u t 
4oo4 
4ooo 
VOdaytut 
4o ,5 
4o17 
U ru g u a y 
2463 
.2463 
V ix ie /u e la 
2)39 
7339 
W G tv m a n y 
4,7? 
4172 today tut 
4 184 
4175 
6 o d a y tu t 
4187 
4178 
V U Jaytui 
4189 
418o 
S ource 
Bank of A m t r .c a , 

D o lla r in ion c u rre n c y 
F r i. 
T h u 
3o7 OO 3o7 OO 
VI 14 
V II? 
1 / OI 
17 OO 
36 H? 
36 8? 
12 HO 
I? 8o 
586J 
5861 
59o6 
59o5 
5951 
5952 
5989 
5987 
1 o286 
I o264 
15 74 
15 74 
35 OB 
35 o8 
5 91o2 
5 9145 
641o 
641o 
25 o o , 25 oo 
4 9925 4 985o 
36 76 
36 76 
7 4944 7 5o35 
4 649o 4 649o 
71 IO 
71 IO 
9 o66o V o66o 
88? OO 882 OO 
283 2V 212 8o 
3 o3oo 3 o3oo 
2 BHV I 7 8893 
3 o6o9 3 o675 
77 4o 
22 4o 
5 2798 5 278o 
72 85 
73 95 
7 3964 7 3964 
3? 57 
32 45 
2828 3 5311 3 535o 
8676 
8676 
69 OO 
69 OO 
4 2354 4 238o 
2 513o 2 513o 
7 5o44 7 5o68 
2 4975 7 5ooo 
2 49o6 2 4925 
4 o6oo 4 o6oo 
4 2753 4 2753 
2 3965 2 3965 
2 39oo 7 3952 
2 388 3 2 3934 
7 3872 2 3923 
N e w Y o rk 

Lotion 

The Market In Brief 

HT 
V 
I f | ' | i 
, 
1 . 

 f n d , I fe d 
IS 

VOtlfWf 

? i w a w o 

U n c h a n p e d 

49,J 

IS S Iif S 

T R A D fo 

M 
S 
I 
In d e t 
54 68 
- o ? o 

 t 
4 J C om p 
1oo 49 
- o 43 

O c r 
Jones 
Ind 
9 4 o ?4 ’ 3 49 I 

Metalh 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) 
P itts b u rg h s c ra p steel No 
I h e a v y w as quoted F r id a y by 
Iro n A q.- at $72 OO 73 OO 

N F W Y O R K 
(A P ) p ric e s (W h o le s a le ): 

A lu m in u m .lh N Y 
A n tim o n y . A m e ric a n 

Spot c o m m o d ity 
P r e y , Y e a ' 
T o d a y D a y 
A 
48 
48 

I 78 
I 78 
I 6o 
C o p p e r, E le c tro ly tic 
68*b 
68*» 
63*» 
G old tro y o / N Y 136 6o 
136 75 
131 85 
S ilver . tro y o / 
N Y 4 535 
4 53o 
4.175 
L e a d , lb 
29 
P ig Iro n l o b fd ry u tta lo , G rsstn ? 1o IV 
21o IV 
P la tln u m .tr y /N Y ,62 OO 
162 oo 
Q u tc k s lv r F IskN Y 17o OO 
17o oo 
Steel s c ra p , gross to n , 
P h ila C hi .-P itts 
72 i t 
72 17 
T in , It. 
N Y 
5 1662 
5 1697 
I mc . l h 
37 
3 

,19 

2 ,3 92 
155 OO 
128 OO 

77 5o 
3 316o 
7 
37 

S IL V E R (5,ooo tro y o il 
F e!) 
452 OO 454 IO 452 oo 454 IO 451 OO 
M a r 
454 5o 454 8o 454 5o 454 8o 454 OO 
A p r 
455 OO AS' SO 455 OO 457 IO 455 5o lu ll 
46o 5o 461 VO 459 8o 461 BO 46o.1o 
A ud 
46.6 SO 467 OO 465 OO 467 OO 465 3o 
O il 
17o 5o 471 5o 47o OO 471 3o 47o OO 
D e. 
4/S OO 476 5o 475 OO 475 SO 475 OO 
I H ) 
481 OO 481 oo 48o IO 48o 5o 48o OO 
A pr 
486 SO +86 5o 486 3o 486 OO 485 OO lu ll 
49o JO 4 9 L IO 49o 3o 491 ,o 49o IO 
A u g 
495 SO 496 2o 495 5o 4V6 2o 49 6 2o 

N E W Y O R K (A P ) 
S liv e r fu tu re s F rl d a y on th e N e w 
Y o rk 
C o m m o d ity 
E x c h an g e 
O p en 
H ig h 
L o w C lo s e 
P r e y 
N Y 
S IL V F R (6 OOO tro y o / ) 
M a r 
453 oo 
454 
6o 
452 5o 453 2os 453 1o 
M a y 
468 6o 
459 SO 467 5o 
458 3os 45 8 IC lul 
463 8o 
464 
5o 462 9o 463 1os 462 VO 
Sep 
468 OO 
469 OO 
467 2o 
467 9os 467 6o 
D e. 
476 8o 
476 
3o 
474 8o 475 7os 474 VC 
Jan 
478 oo 
478 SO 
477 3o 
477 7os 477 3o 
M a r 487 HO 
48J 4o 
48 2 2o 
482 6os 482 ,o 
M a y 
488 7o 
488 7o 
48o OO 
487 5o s 48 7 OO 
S ales e s tim a te d 
14,57o s s e ttlin g 

L O N D O N 
(A P ) 
C tosing m e ta ls in pounds s te rlin g p e r m e lr ii ton 
Spot 
F u tu re s 
R id 
A sked 
B ld 
A sked 
C opper 
879 oo 
829 oo 
868 
5o 
859 oo 
T in 
6o7o OO 6o76 OO 
6215 OO 627o OO l ivid 
4o1 oo 
4o7 oo 
4ov 
OO 
4 )o oo 
T im 
414 oo 
415 oo 
43o oo 
43o 55 

M ere is th e g o ld lu tu re s tra d in g tor 
M o n d a y . F e b r u a r y IS 
1977 
O pen 
H ig h 1 ow C lose 
P ry 
C h tc a g o M e r c a n tile E x c h a n g e 
IOO T ro y ounce c o n tra c ts 
M a r 
Jun 
Sep 
Dec 
M a r 
Jun 
S ale* 
Doc 75, 

137 5o IJR 4o 137 5o ,38 IO 137 5o 
119 2o 139.7o 118 8o 139 5o IJS 8o 
14o 8o 
L l, IO 14o SO 
141 OO 
14o 4o 
14? 7o 
143 IO 14 2 4o 
U T OO 
142 4o 
144 6o 
145 2o 144 SO 
,45 2o 
144 4o 
146 8o 
147 OO 146 HO 
146 8o 
146 JO 
M a r r h 934 
June 85o 
Sep 232 
M a r th J. Jun 7 

N e w Y o rk C o m m o d ity E x c h a n g e 
IOO tro y ounce c o n tra c ts 
Fat) 
M a r 
A p r 
Jon 
Alw 
O rt 
Dm 
I eh 
A pr 
Saie- s s e ttlin g 

137 4o 
117 4o 117 4o 137 7Os 
137 OO 
117 IO 
13 / 4o 1 37 4o H 8 oos 
137 8o 
IJS OO 
138 4o 137 6o 138 3os 
137 7o 
139 IO 
11V 5o IJS 8o 139 4os 
LIS 8o 
14o 2o 
14o 7o MO IO 14o 6o, 
,4o Oil 
141 IO 
14? OO 141 IO 141 9os 
141 JO 
147 9o 
143 1o 142 5o 143 /o . 
142 6o 
144 OO 
144 5o ,44 OO 144 6os 
143 VO 
146 4o 
146 HO 146 2o 146 HO, 145 2o e s tim a te d 1.912 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) 
C otton No 
/ tu lu re s F r id a y on th e N e w 
Y o rk 
C otton 
E x c h a n g e 
„ „ O p k " 
H ig h 
L o w C lo s e 
P r e y 
C O T T O N , N o 2 < 5o,ooo lb s ) 
M a r 
77 2o 
77 5o 
M a y 
77 4o 
77 5o 
Jut 
77 SO 
77 7o 
OC* 
74 TO 
74 7o 
D e . 
7o 25 
7o 35 
M ,.r 7o 58 
7o 58 
M a y 
--------------------- 
Sales 
5,ooo a s k e d , b b id . n n o m in a l 

77 OO l l 
25 
I t 
97 
I t I l l 
OO 
I t 
89 
I t 
4o l l 
OO l l 
o7 
Ti 
17 
14 77 
13 98 
AV 65 
AV 85 
AV 85 
TO OO 
*9 f t 
TO IO 
_ b ro 
W 
TO JO 

Wool 

• lash (>rain 

►U. W, ! W O R T H ( A P ) 
W h e a l e .p o r l 

2 2 , v in , t o f n 
7 74 1 84 
O a t* 
2 o8 / TIO 1 i Y e llo w s o rg h u m 4 35 4 5o 

C H IC A G O ( A P ) 
W h e a t N o I soft re d w e lte r J B W i F r id a y ) N o 2 h a r d w in te r 
■7 77+sn 
C o rn N o 2 y e llo w 2 5 7 'zn 
(h o p p e r ) 2 54' rn (b o x ) O a ts N o 2 h e a v y w h ite 
1 IP 'an S o ybeans no I y e llo w 7 27n 
? y e llo w co rn T h u rs d a y w a s q u o te d a! 7 l l +sn (b o x I 2 57 Lei (h o p p e r) 

C H IC A G O 
IA P ) 
W h e a t w a s n o m d a lly h ig h e r F r id a y , b asis u n c h a n g e d , no r a il c a r re c e ip ts , c o rn w a s n o m in a lly m ix e d b a s is m ix e d r a il t a r re c e ip ts 78, 
356 b u s h e ls , o a ts w e re n o m in a lly h ig h e r b asis u n c h a n g e d no r a il c a r re c e ip ts soyb ean s w e re n o m in a lly h ig h e r , b a s is u n c h a n g e d no c a ll c a . re c e ip ts 
T ru c k r e c e ip ts w h e a t 54,6o9 b u s h e ls / co rn 
218.o6,1 b u s h e ls , s o yb ean s 
54.52o 
Ixzshels. 
W h e a t N o 2 soft re d w in te r J 8 l'« n . No 
2 h a rd re d w in te r M I ' e n 
C o rn N o 7 yet lo w 2 6811 (h o p p er ) 2 53n (b o x ) 
O a ts No 2 h ea v y .M ille I 89' zn 
S o ybeans N o I yet 
.•ow 7 U n 

 at 7 57*+n d ro p p e r) 2 6J+*n ( 

K A N S A S C IT Y ( A P ) 
G ra in fu tu re * 
F r id a y o n th e 
K a n s a s 
C ity 
B o a rd of 
T ra d e 
W H E A T (5,ooo b u l 
O p en 
H ig h 
J 8o 

N E W Y O R K ( A P ) - 
W o o l fu tu re s w e re nae liv e on th e 
N e w 
Y o rk 
C otton 
E xc+iange 

M a r 
7 78' 
M a y 
2 86 
2 8 71 z 
Jut 
2 9 ? 'z 
2 94 

} 99 
I (JO 
D e . J o9 
3 o9 
Sales 
1,125 

2 ll 
L o w C lose 

2 8 4 ' » 
2 9 1 ' 

2 9 7 ' 1 
3 o1 

J 79' 

2 8 7 ' 1 
1 
2 94 

I OO 
J o9 

P re y 
J 19 

2 8 5 ' 
2 92' 

7 99 
3 o8 

W e e k ly P h ila d e lp h ia E x c h a n g e O p tio n s 
S ales O pen 
( IOCS, i in t H ig h L o w L a * t 
189 
157 
Ss 
11 u * 
87 
KW ave I ' z 
J 
- 
55 
19411 ,6 
+* 
•> 
77 
4 | 4 f i g 
I * , 
76 
I M P i 
I 
, 

 l*lulaclel|>liiu < .pilous 

S S S 

O p tio n 
A ljt/t L 
F eb4 
Abb* I M a y 4$ 
A n e t L M a y 5 o 
A b ly I Aug 45 
A ppt L A ug5o 
A n d C Ape 4o 
A llo C A p r 45 
A d d C Juh5 
A d d C. Jul4o 
A dd C 
Jul 45 
A d d C Ju tVJ 
A n d C O c i4 o 
A ild C O r t+5 
A lld C O f t 5o 
A il.s c A p r 2o 
A llisC A pr 25 
A ll 1 SC A p r JO 
A d is C Ju l 25 
A n is e J u ilD 
A lin e 
O c*25 
A lin e O r t JO 
A H ess F a b JO 
A H ess f ab26 
A Hoss f eh JO 
A H e s s f et»15 
A H«**S F a b 19' * 
A H ess M a y 2o 
A H ess M a r 2 5 
A HUSS M a y JO 
A M ess M a / 35 
A Mess A ug 3o 
A n e s s A ug 25 
A H ess A ug IO 
A H ess 
A ug 35 
Ash! O A p r X) 
Ash I O A p i l i 
A s h l O 
A p r 4o 
Ash I O J u t * 
Ash! 6 Jut35 
Ashl o Jul4o 
A shl O O c t35 
Ash! o OC* 4o tS 
C M M S 
F e e JO 
M a y TO 
HO S C A ug TO 
B r a n d A p r IO 
Br a m t 
A p r 15 
B recht 
JgllO 
B r a n d Jut 15 
Hr a m t Oc HO 
Bf an d o c I I i 
C ly In 
A p r IO 
C *y In 
A p r IS 
C ly in JuiTQ t t y in Jut ,5 
C ly in O rt IO s t y In O c 11$ 
C tor ox A p r IO 
C lo rq x A p r IS 
C la ro * 
J o lto 
C la ro * 
J m ts 
C to ro * g e t Kl 
C d x o x 
O c t TS 
C o m sat A p r * 
C o m s a t A p r 35 
C a m sa I Jgl25 
C b" vet JulJO 
C o m s a t J u t3 5 
C o '. sai O ct JO 
< of 1. sa* Oc t i i 
Cont O Ape i i 
Cont O A p r 4o 
Cord O 
J u tJ i 
C o n t O Jo ' 4o 
Com Q O d J I 
C om o 
Oc»4o 
D re s s r 
A pr 46 
D» esse A p r 45 
Ck ess/ 
Jo' 4o 
("a essr 
Jo* 45 
U* ussr 
O r 14o 
I Juk B a A ik JO 
( t v * f a 
Ape t i 
Dud P a ju llO 
O a k B a O f +2o 
I as O'* A p r 25 
E a-- O s 
A p. to 
F as C s J J ? i 
E as O s Jo) IO 
I rs C s OC I ID f u g 1 M A pr I i 
F i g . M JU' t i 
F . f s in F e e ,* 
F i r s t s 
F a b IS 
F irs t” M e. JO 
M a y J i 

N a* N Y a 
, c w 
. 

1+S 
45' z 

41 
6 3 i 6 
4 'r i f . 
VO 
6 8 8 ,1 5 1 *1'.+115 16 
I 
IU 6 ' i 
U 
* '» 
9 
323 6 1» 
6 's 
6 U 
17 
TOO 
J' s29 I * 2+4 
JO 
55 
+* 
'e 
I 
IO ?»* 7+e 
I U 
I 
141 4 
H z 
4 
4 
6 9 115 1 * 1 '/ I i i 16 » 
4 
59 i 
» 
5 
W 774o 
I 
I 
71 
2o13 
'« 
' • 
'S 
4o 1379115 1*1 '• I »■« 
35 
IJJ 
Se 
L l 
Vt 
JO 
138 
7+S 
J 'BJS 1* 
39 
13* l>« 
Ic. 
14 
48 t j i * 12+8 13 * 
4o4 
7 7 | 8+« 7Ss 
7 Ss 
V TI 
7o6 3+S 2+8 
J 
37o 19853 <41 141 I * 
5 
2o l l ' z 1 3 'z 13' / 
I 
126 l)+ s l l « 13+8 
7o 
584 8' 1 S'-e 
8 1 
286 
1496 4 H 4Mi 
4 '» 
9V? 4735 
I +48 
1 +s 
!'/»- 
7 
32 13+. 13+S 13+s 
6 8 / 
9 U 
I ' d 
8' r - 
S M 5 
I M - 
J U 
2+b27 16 
4 M 4+g 
4 '> - 

2o? IOO? 
IO? a 166 
9 
I i i 
17 
945 
IO 
9 
I t * 

I I* 

I I* 

IM 
2 M 

I 16 
I 

3 16 
M 

53 1*3 163 I * 
4+8 
4+4 
4+s 
7 'k 
I M 
I S 

J 16 
I'* 

M 
■ 3 14 

IM 

116 
172 7+a 
I M 
I S 
25 
1 
1 
1 
21 
654 4+s 
4 
4 M 
19 
26893 I * 'a 
M ~ 
7 2*44 
I M l>+ 
IM 
3 
W 5 2 M 
I . 
I m 
I 
39o 4 5 /7 9 14 
M 7 I * 
J I * 
NS 4672 
'e l 14 
M r I I* r n i i * / 
1 i i ,411 14 
$ I * 
48 74o71 I * 
M i I * 
691 I I M 
I M 
S M M i M i t 
2 /o i i M i I * 
I 14 
J I 
153 4 M 
I S f a r 
S 
14o H S V / 1*5 M i I * i 
447 4 ** 
4 M 4 M + 
'» 
I i i 3853 
+8 M 
N 
I 
I t 4 S 
4 M 4 M r 
M 
265 
79211 M I l l M 
5o 
*1 7 
T S 
I M 
I M . 7 I * 
?J S i l l 
M I M I I * 
1 M 
» 
4o221 I * I M 
2 
♦ 
M 
IOO 3346 
M I M 
M 
2* 
1623 M 2 
2 M * J M 
*o4 
5*1 
M i I * 
.» 
22o 
12J9 i« 4 
J U S U • 
I M 
‘ j M t l l J M U M I L . • l l 14 

G e n P a r 
A p r i l 
C o o b a . A pr 4o 
G « P « < 
A (h JJM 
< aid Pac 
JgiJO 
G u n P a r 
Jut T i 
G ee P ac 
Jill 4o 
G ao P ac jg l3 4 M 
G e o P a c lo t W G 
G ao P ac O r t IS 
(je o P a c 
O r 14o 
G en Pac 
O r t 14+8 
H o e Jn A p r IO 
H o w Jn A p r 15 
H o w Jn Ju tlO 
H o w Jn Jut 15 
H o w Jn O ' I IO 
H o w Jn O c f t i 
In e x c o M a y I i 
InexCO M a y 2o 
•he xco A u g I i h ie ■ « > A u u 2o 
Joy f * o 4 $ 
Joy M a y + o 
Joy M a y 4 i 
Joy M a y lO 
Joy A ug4o 
Joy A um si l a I ik J I e b i i t a i rid t ebJO l a I » d M n y j i l a I ne! 
M a r » l a I n d A u g 25 l a I n d A ug JO 
M a n o t F eblO 
M a r 1oI I e h I i 
V a n o l M a y lO 
M a r tot 
M a y I i 
M a r tot 
A ug lO 
M a t .ot A u g l i 
M f 
D m r ar, 45 ■ 
M f 

2o 
5 J 9 8 9 's 
9 '8 
1o4 
* M 5 < 4 
I M * 
268 
795215 1*19 l * 2 ‘ i 
I 
2o I * * 4 * . 
4++ 
K l] 
MS I M I M 
I M • 
>29 
I J45 J 
I M 
I M i46 nm m M m 
I M 
333 
V t t u r n . 
*o 1421 l l M z * M n is i i I* j im 
44 
175 
I M H M i l M 
154 m JU v , 
IM l f 
J*« 
M i 14/ M i l f 
V I i m 2+s 
I M 
IT i i i Im 1 
1 
12 
T i i m i m i m 
4 
14 
M m ie 
I 
M i l 1*1 M I M 

3 M 
3 M 
3 M 
IM 
9 I* 
5 M 
I M 

 a 

 e r F e b iO l f M a y 45 
M< 
D e r 
M a / 5o 
M . 
D e r 
V a /al) 
Mc O w Aug 45 
M f D e r 
A ug SO 
N I In d M ayJO 
N L m d M a / 75 
N I in d A u g 7$ 
P P G F e b iO 
P P G M e y 5 o 
P P G M a y i i 
P P G 
M e r * o 
P P G A u g l i 
P 'ts fn 
F ei> 1 4 ** 
F’ tts tn 
» eh SVM 
P t t s t n 
F »t)4 4 » f 't s ' n M a y * ) 
P 'M in M a y ,Ii 
PM d o 7Aay4o 
FHlstn 
M a y 1 4 '• 
P l's tri M a y IV ' 4 
P it s in M a y 44 • 
P " W rt A u g M 
Fhtstn A u g i i 
P ttM n 
A uu to 
P " s tn A ug 14 M 
P M S 'h 
Aug IV 4 
(c o l P A p r 15 
V CH P 
A ,if 3D 

OI P 
P O f t IO 
Co F t o IO 
C o t e h 4 5 t u M a y 4 o 
Cf) M a y 4 5 
Cfi M a y 5 o 
Cli A u g 4o 
Co A u g 45 
Co A u g SO yr' Apr i i yri 
A pr ti) 

•f 
•' iii j> 
6 M i I 

Tel del 
T+rtdyr 

Ap, 
I i i 

SO, 

I 

IF * 
I S 

M 
Im 4 
M k 
» S 
I S 

• I t . 

 a H a * it a d a d 6 N o u o , m 
OSxen tm | ft a e 
Cn e Prc 

IV / 
( u g l i 
X, > I* 
Aizz I t 
JhhE . kii\% 
O c 's 

M 
IM 
I S 
» | ) M I M I M 
I 
U R I 
I 
I 
• I 
5485 1*1 M I M 
76 
K l 
M 
M 
'■» to 
M IM »** 
P e 
74 2 IF 5 3 M T 14 
M 
! 
M * i s i i 
V i 
U K U s 
M i to 
6 l l I S I M 
I S 
I t r 549 lf! *47 14 
»1 
79 S M 4 S 

M l f * . 

 i j i M'A 

 to t M 

IIN 
I IN 
UN i i' . i i' . l l * . 

 g t » tyn Of 
TH dyn Or 'Pi 
T e»dy« 
CK I to 
1 1 r is e " - f 64/ to 
T r n v e n t f e b l l 
I t " s a m M a y to l r I, s a m M a y l l 
Tftis/km Aug to 
T r n s a w A g g i t 
Uh P a c 
M e , *1 
Un Par 
Ma / to 
U n P ac 
M e x to 
U” P a r A ug iv u n P rn A y g i i 
V * * p a*p Tj v a I 4 M i l g.i § p U lt kl v e I P 
Os * i t 
WM Uh M c l l 
' • t a * «at gfi>e 

Chicago Crain 

C H IC A G O (A P ) 
P ric e s to r w h e e * fu to re s r a llie d n e a r th e clo se on th e C hi c a q o B o a rd of T r a d e F r id a y a n d fin is h e d as m u c h .is 5 ce n ts a bushel h ig h e r. 
P rice*- fo r c o rn a n d o a ts fu tu re s w e re also h ig h e r w h ile p ric e s tor s o yb ean s w e re m ix e d 
S trong b u y in g w h ic h h ad been e x p e c te d to c o n tin u e t ro m 
T h u rs d a y 's session la ,led to m a te r ia liz e a t th e open a n d push ed soyb ean s in d is ta n t c o n tra c ts as m u ch as 7 c e n ts lo w e r 
The softness in th e s o yb ean p it w a s re 
Hee ted in g ra in p ric e s w h ich w e re a pen n y to fr a c tio n a lly lo w e r fo r m o st of th e session 
Strong c o m m is s io n h o u se b u y in g s p u rn 'd w h e a t p ric e s n e a r the clo se a n d set a seaso n al h ig h to r th e ta r d is ta n t 
M a rc h c o n tra c t 
T ra d e rs said re p o rts o f p re d ic te d s tro n g w inds a cro ss p a rts of the W h e a t B e lt m a y h a v e b een a fa c to r in th e b u llis h fin a l rn mu tes 
C orn p ric e s also re c o v e re d an d also set a s easo n al h ig h in the tar d is ta n t M a rc h c o n tra c t 
S oybeans also tu rn e d a ro u n d n e a r the d o s e tm is h in o h ig h e r in tho e a r ly con tra c ts 
Ic e d b ro ile rs fin is h e d m ix e d , s o yb ean o il an d m e a l w e re h ig h e r 
At th e close, w h e a t w a s 4 to 5 c e n ts a bushel h ig h e r, M a rc h 2 87, so y b e a n s w e re lo w er to 4 h ig h e r 
M a r c h 7 45’ z. co rn 

 w e re u n c h a n g e d to 
I TV' . to h ig h e r, 
1M a rc h 

O p e n 
H ig h L o w C lo s e P r e v 
W H E A T <5 OOO bu) 
M a r 
2 8? '* 
7 87 
7 HL z 7 87 
7 83 
M a y 
2 VI 
2 96 
2 89>. 
2 96 
2 9, tut 
2 98' z 3 o3' 1 2 97 
3 o3' 1 2 98' 4 
Sop 
J OS U 
3 IO 
3 o4 
3 IO 
3 o5 
D 
»' c 
3 15' * 3 IV ' * 3 14’ 4 S 'n to A +4 
3 IS ’ J 
M a r 
3 24' . 
J * ' . 
3 73' 4 3 28 +4 
3 2 3 '4 
C O R N (5.ooo bu) 
M at 
2 SB' * 
2 59 
2 57’ > 2 59 
2 SHU 
M a y 
2 6.5 
2 65 + * 
7 64' 4 2 65’ J 2 64 + 4 
Jill 
2 'O' .' 
2 71’ , 
7 AV 1 7 T IU 
2 7o' 
Sep 
2 T IU 
2 74 ft 
7 73 
7 74 >4 2 'J U 
D ix 
7 78 
7 78+4 
2 'A U 
7 78' ; 
2 77 ' . 
M a r 
7 83 
J 83 U 
7 82 
7 83+* 
7 8 3 '. 
O A T S (5.ooo bu) 
M a r 
I 7* 
I 79' 1 I 77' / 
1 79' 1 I 79 
M a y 
I /T U 
I 77' z 
I 76 
I U U 
I 7 7U 
Jul 
I 7) 
I 71',1 I TO',. I T I',l l 7, 
Sop 
I 67 
I 68 
I 66' / 
, 6V , 
I 61' , 
Dec 
I 7o 
I TOU 
I AV 
I TO 
I AV1 , 
S O Y B E A N S (5,ooo bu) 
M a r 
7 4o' 1 7 45' J 7 39' I 
I *5 ' / 
S 4? 
M a y 
I 46 
7 52 
I 45 
7 5o 
I 48 
Int 
7 SO 
7 53 
7 46 
I S3 
7 49 
A ug 
7 45 
7 47 
7 4? 
7 47 
I 45 
S ip 
7 I* 
7 TO 
7 15 
I TO 
7 TO 
NOV 
I o2’ 1 7 o4 
A 96' .• 
I o4 
7 o4 
Jan 
I o8 
7 o8' z 7 o? 
7 OH 
7 o8’ z 
M a r 
7 13 
7 U 
7 o7 
7 14 
7 14 
M a y 
7 Ll 
I l l ' j 
I 1) 
7 17’ 1 7 18 
S O Y B E A N O IL (4o,ooo lbs) 
M a r 
22 75 
22 8(1 
22 65 
72 TV i i I t 
M a y 
23 IO 
» IS 
23 oo 
73 ,2 
23 o8 
Jul 
2.1 IS 
23 4o 
23 25 
23 38 
23 34 
A ug 
23 4o 
2.1 45 
23 32 
23 4o 
J I 18 
S .p 
23 IS 
23 SO 
73 37 
73 43 
23 43 
O d 
23 35 
2.1 48 
23 15 
73 48 
7 ) 45 
Dix 
23 4o 
23 4o a ?4 
23 4o 
23 35 
Jan 
23 45 
23 45 
23 IO 
23 45 
2.1 35 
M ar 
33 41 
23 55 
23 41 
73 55 
'23 5o 
M a y 
23 AO 
73 5o 
S O Y B E A N 
M E A L 
(IOO to m ) 
M a r 
V U 5o 
214 9o 
213 IO ? U 8o 
T U OO 
M a y 
216 5o i i i 5o 
2,5 AO 7,7 3o 
216 7o 
Jul 
217 OO 219 OO 216 8o 
218 8o 
217 7 o 
Aug 
217 2o 
718 Kl 216 SO 218 OO 217 2o 
Sep 
21o oo 
711 OO 2o9 5o 
21o SO 21o OO 
O d 
2oo 5o 
7o1 oo 
,99 OO 2oo SO 
IVV so 
D ix 
198 OO 
IVV OO 
19 7 7o 
199 OO 
I VB 3o 
Jan 
IVV 5o 
2oo OO 
IVX oo TOO OO iv * so 
M a r 
199 OO TOO OO IVV OO TOO SO 
IVV oo 
M a y 
199 5o 
2oo 5o 
IVV SO 2oo SO 2oo OO 
Market Futures 

C H IC A G O ( A P ) 
F u tu re s tra d in g on 
Hie 
C h ic a g o 
M e r c a n tile 
E x c h a n g e 
F ri d a y : 
O p en 
H ig h I ow clo se 
P ry 
IV E B E E F C A T T I E <4o,ooo lb s) 
I ab 
A pr 
Jon 
Aug 
O d 
5 e. 

IM VS 
38 4o 
41 o7 
41 9o 
4 7 AG 
43 l l 
41 87 
41 62 
44 TO 
44 HO 

IV OO 
.18 7o 
41 2o 
47 (IO 
4? 67 

.18 15 
18 15 
38 3o 
38 $2 
4o 77 
4o 97 
41 75 
41 8? 
42 47 b42 57 
43 65 
4 ] 2 
F CH) 
AO 
44 7o 
44 65 

38 97 
38 65 
41 o7 
41 9 / 
42 45 

A pr 
IS IO 
45 15 
45 o5 
45 IO 
45 2o 
S ales 
I 111 17o6 
A p ril H IO 
Ju n e 1768 
A u g 498 O d IVO D ec 2o7 
F a b 174. A p ril 
At 
O pen In te re s t 
I ob 
I M / 
A p ril 
1875o lu n e 17o47 
Aug AGII 
O d IA U , D tx 827, 

M a r 
Apr 
M a y 

F E E 
A pt ll 
D F R 

Ai XI 
Sep 
Del 
NOV 
Sales 
A mu AG 

19 BS 
4(1 25 
4o VS 
41 AG 
42 IO 
42 IO 
+ 2 25 
M a r t h 

C A T T L E (4 3 ooo lbs) 
4o oo 
IO 55 
4o 95 
47 OO 
47 AO 
4? 75 
42 IO 

39 AS a IV 95 
4o OO 
4o 5o 
4o AO 
41 SO 
42 OO 
41 no 
42 25 

4o 8o 

4o IS 
4o 4? 
4 , IS 
42 no IH I VO 
42 AO 
4? 25 
47 75 
4? » 
4? 7o a 42 TO 
Apr ll ll? ; M a y 
1o8 
Sop 16 O c t 42. N e v 2 
O p en in te r est 
M a r d i s?6 
A p ril 
845 
M a y 1165, A u g 5o4 
Sop 214 O c t 571, N ev 
IDI 
I IV E H O G S (IO o4o lbs) 

J* VO 
38 7o 

41 OO 
41 5o 
16 7o 
16 AO 
18 IS 
18 TO 
I * 17 
IV OS 
37 IO a 17 HS 
351 
' 
_ 

 f ob 
41 15 41 5o 
4o VO 
A pt 
16 4o 16 7o 
3 * o? 
Jon 
37 95 W 27 
37 to 
Jul 
38 8o 19 2o 
38 7o 
Aug 
37 75 #) OO 
37 57 
O d 
IS 7o TS 85 
35 55 
Dec 
F e ll 
Apr 
Sates 
July 187 
A p ril o 
O pen in te re s t F U ) 
675. 
A p r il 6172, 
June 339o 
J u ly 1761, A u g 1296, O c l 687 
O w 771. I 1*1 89, A p ril 6 
P O T A T O E $ ( ru s s e t b u r b a n k * ) (8 o ,o o o lb s) 
M a y 
8 o3 
8 14 
8 o7 
8 12 
8 O I 
NOV 
I IS 
I IS 
I IO 
I 1\ 
I IS la " 
-------- n / 8o b 7 SO 
A P+ 
— b8 85 
(to l l 
Sales 
M a y 44 
N o v 
5, Jon o. A p r il o 
O pen in te re s t 
M a y 23o. Now i t . Jan I; 
A p ril I 
B U E L L t G G S (22,1oo dO II 
M a r 
SB IO 
58 45 
57 6o 
57 7o 
58 2o 
5o /o 
51 2$ 5o 55 
5o 75 
5o 75 
48 IO 
48 IO 
------- 
48 IO 
48 5o 

115 b is BS 
16 BO a i l TO 
17 25 
38 OO a 38 o5 b !8 2o b l / OO 
3 * IS 
F e b 675. A p ril H IT , J u n e 1oo2, 
. A u g U 7 , O d 14, D e r 19, F eb 4, 

A pr 
M a y 
Jun 

^ aSales 
Ju n e 8 
O pen 
1oo2. 

47 IO 
41 IS 
41 VO 
48 l l 
48 35 b4S 35 b54 OO 
51 SO 
M a r c h J)?. A p ril 
W I. 
M a y 24, 
Sep o in ta re s t 
F e b 
8. 
M a rc h 
A p ril 497 
M a y 118 
June l l . Sep 3 
P O R K B E L L IE S (14,ooo lbs) 
I eh 
54 75 
54 8 / 
54 IO 
54 8o 
54 9o 
M ,e 
54 85 
54 95 
54 15 
54 8o 
54 9o 
M a y 
55 7o 
55 8o 
55 25 
55 45 
5 * oo 
Jul 
56 SO 
V 5o 
55 BO 
5 * OO 
56 6o 
A u g 
54 A? 
54 7o 
54 12 
54 I? 
54 7o f et) 
58 BO to VO 
58 75 
58 75 
58 9 5 
M a r 
58 AO 
58 AO 68 o5 a 58 
o5 
S i 25 
Sales 
F rt) IHS 
M a r r h 2567, M a y 148o 
July 2o4 
A u g 47 
F eh I. M a rc h I 
O pen in tar est 
F a b 
742 
M a r c h 
J i l l , 
M a y 1387 
J u ly 1616, A u g 9 1 *. F a t) U L 
M a r d i 94 b 
B id , a 
A s k e d , n 
N o m in a l 
IC E D B R O IL E R S I MI.OOO lb s) f et) 
M a r 
A pr 
M a y 
Jun 
Jut 
Aug 

42 5o 
39 oo 
38 25 
39 o5 
4o OO 
4o 85 
Kl 6o 

47 to 
19 oo to 15 iv 
4o oo 
4o 95 
U AO 

42 25 
38 T i 
» o5 
IS 85 
T9 9o 
4o 85 
4o AO 

42 VO 
IV OO 

19 (VS 
19 9o 
4o 95 
4o to 

42 25 
39 IS 
18 JO 
IV OS 
4o oo 
4o 75 
4o to 

5 o /1 5 M 
64o 
U 

1+4 

2 * 
4 + i 
4 '1 
111 
J t u 
17,11 M 7 M 
I N 
I N 
J 
9 1*9 I * * I * 
•7 
J U 
J 
49 
7o15 I * 
H 
7 
I N 
I N 1+4 
87 
72oo I 
N 
N 
47 4o17 
' s i M I I * 
U S 
1692 ! ’/» 
I ' . 
I N 
168 244o 
U 1 M I M 
KH 
AIS I N 
I U 
I N 
1 )7 
4 *o 7 1*5 I * 
+• 
*15 
461 7 H 
I N O U 
V t 
Tm 
8 
4 't 
4 M 
I N yt M I M 

17 

45)6 71)4 
479 
IT* 
76o/ 15*8 

J J N 
J J N 

151 
4 

3 I * 
I I * 
3 I * 

5 I * 

T , 7 
794 

SN 
J +4 
S N F 
I N 
?to 
T '» 
I N to 
N 
1, t o - to 
AN 
* '• 
4 t o i 
Ito 
I N 
T U 
7 U to s+« 
•V t 
« u - 
N t o ) M I M to 
A’ s 
I 
I 
— to 
I U I I M i l I * 
5 I * 
A's 
S N 
6 to 
JN 
J 
J 
N 
I to to to 

 it 
I * * 
2 )6 4 
47 
1157 
4* 
275 185* 
* * to 
, 
8 7 1 )o 1 M I M I 16 
55 
616 
I N l f M U I M 
1*4 JOW 
N 
N I I* 
7oo 1o*2 
2 '*1 1 5 14115 M lto 7177 
18o 
JOI 
4 *1 1779 
ITO 
J I* 
J 
4o9 
H 
346 
73 U t 
* 
49 
71 
3*1 
44 
1751 
14 
I 

 m n o 
IO 
,4 

 to to to — to 
« to 
J U 
7 N 4 to to ! 1*1 
16 
S H 
4 . 
4 M it o 
It o 
• to to to to 
4+1 
SM 
5 N + to 
3 N 7 T m :I U 1 l l 
I * 
I N 
J 
Jto 4 to to 
N to to 
I i I * to to — to 
It o 
Ito 
J to F 
IIto 
3 > it o 
J to -- 
' . 
• to 
Ito 
Tto ♦ to 
I 
(4 
4 
4 
7 to 
7 
Jto 
'» 
26 
3 * 
1127 
49*15 I * I M I I * 
7 I * 
7 15121 M I M I M 
72 
7371 1*1 M I M 
TO 
IIT * N S U 
S U 
U 
445 1*9o 
I M W T * I n 4 
* 
4) 
TMI 
'■» 
Im 
N i l l * 
»47 I l l s 
7'< 113 M i l l IP '- U 
754 M IO 
N 
U 
U 
U is 
1o8 1 M I 
1*3 
14— N 
24 
I i I 
S U 
U t 
N 
797 
7*2 I U 7 N 
7 ' i i l M 
J M m i l l * 
N I I t o - 1 to l l 
427 I N 3 
I N + to 
4*o15 M I M 
Tm 
I 
95 
15 t i 
I I 
SO i i ? 
M 
• 7 
I I I 
M 
I * 

22 
3 ’ 
M W 
N 
I M 
I N 
*8 1 
N 
IE I 13 14 
17 
S N 
4 
4 
I * * 
N I M I M 
124 
4 N 
4 
6 
411 
I 
I M 
I ) M 

 to 
I to 

N * I M 

IO N 
IO N 
IO +* 
IO N 
IO N 
IO N 
47 
47 
47 
47 
47 
47 
47 
J JU 
I I to 
?2 u 
5)>s l i f t 
5 3 N 
51 ft 
53+4 
3 4 '. 
34 ' > 
C 
' i 
14 > 
J 4 U 
M U 
M U 
M U 
M U 
M U 
3 4 U 
M U 
14 » 
14 , 
U N 
I I N 
I I N 
I I N 

' J 4* 
4 $ N 

*4 4 
I N 
164 
I 
W I 
4 to 
M 
7 l l ito 
1)7 2 2537 
) • 
7 W 3 I1 I * l l * * 
FO* I 

 to to 
* H 
4 N 
V I 
J U 
> *• 
1 % 
B k 
I ' * 
U M M J N 
7 M to 

5 M 
J N 
I 4 

1*4i f * : 

 to / K U ) I * n i t t u t m 1511 s u 
*17 I M I j>. i t 
W M 
ISO 
4*9 
? u 
*21 
*94 
) ' i n 
2)1 t l i m 
M M 
' l l 
% s n 
*5 6 9 4 )2 
*< 
22 
B f 
4 I 
1)1 4 9 4 * ) ) M M U M I * 
64 
B U 
4 
I U 
1)o 
167 
I 
I ' > 
I U 

7 M 

I M 

4 * to * * 
4 J U 

St N 
I7 + . 
57 4 . 
S IU 
S IN 
Jto 
4*4 + to 
ST+« e l l to Ito i to 
ST 
• 
• * » 
I / ' * 
4+s 
O U • 
I 
STN 
I 
I *29 M i I M 
STN 
4 ' 1 
4 U to 
U N e l IA I to 
I1 i t 
U N 
4 N 
I U 1 to 
14 * 4 
W M to 
U t . 
J U 
I U • to 
M N 

J 

 b ilk in u 
I N to* 
U p ais '» • # / a * 

!8 j 

» % » l 

SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS —Saturday February 19 1977 

WE NEVER LOSE A 
SALE BECAUSE OF PRICE 

ALL 3 
I 
LOCATIONS 
OPEN TILL 
6 P.M. TODAY 

3925 
Fredericksburg 
Rd. Open 48 
Hours Until 
6 p.m. Today 
G O O D DURING S p 

SAT. 12 N O O N -12:59 
PIONEER INDASH 
CASSETTE 

ALL DAY SPECIALS 
ALL D A Y SPECIALS 
• n o o n KP4ooo 
• AU-HW INDASH 
CASSETTE 
SIC TURNTABLES 
JUST ARRIVED! 
BIO TURNTABLE 

• MODEL 96o8 

• BEU DRIVE 
• COMPUTE 
• MODEL 1ooo 
• DIRECT DRIVE 

WAREHOUSE PRICES 

AMPEX 
SPEAKERS 
MAXELL 
REEL TAPE 

• MODEL 221 
• AM/FM STEREO RECEIVER 

• MODEL 8o1 
• 8" WOOFER 
• 3” TWEETER 

TEAC CASSETTE 
PIONEER 
INTERGRATED 
AMPLIFIER 
SSS,, 
• MODEL A6So 
• DOLBY 
• FRONT LOADING 
• SOLENOID OPERATION 

• MODEL SA55oo 
• INTERGRATED 
AMPLIFIER 

• MODEL HR I OO 

• D o te r 8 TR. RECORDER 

SCOTCH REEL TAPE 
SCOTCH CLASSIC CASSETTES 
• 9o MIN. 
• WITH FAMOUS 
• C BOX STORAGE w Ar/s/fflH E case 

• MODEL 2o7 
• 18oo LENGTH 
• HIGH OUTLOW 
NOISE 

^ 
^ 
UNBELIEVABLE 
M AR AN TZX SAVE 
RECEIVER 
\ 
/ 
PIONEER 
RECEIVER 
S ANSU I 
TURNTABLE 

CHANNEL 
\ 
MASTER 8 TRACK RECORDER 

• MODEL SR222 
• BELT DRIVE 
• CUEING 
• CARTRIDGE EXTRA 
• MODEL SX737 
• AM-FM STEREO RECEIVER 
• 4 SPEAKER HOOKUPS 

• 8 TRACK PLAYER/RECORDER 
• 2 MICROPHONES INCLUDED 
• PAUSE CONTROL 

• MODFL 22158 
• AM/FM STERIO RECEIVER 
• 4 SPEAKER HOOKUPS 
WAREHOUSE 
PRICE 
V 
SAVE 
SAVE 
SAVE 

EQ SYSTEM 
PIONEER STEREO SYSTEM 

( f a r 
ML 
--=» 
A R A N T Z STEREO SYSTEM 

 r >• I 
\j 

CCI I2S4H 

• 4 WAY • 12” WOOFER 

SANSUI 

TURNTABLE 
• SI 727 
• HIT DUVE 
• MANUAL 
4 
• AT CARTRIDGL 

331 RECEIVER 
• AM-FM STUTO 
• TAPE MONITOR 

14o5 RECEIVER 
• AM IM SUMO 
• FOUR SPI AMR 
OUTPUTS 

EC! PHASE ll 

TOWER DESIGN 
• 2 WAY 
• !-r* WOOFERS 
• SUPER TWEET IR 

DON’T MISS THIS 
^ C H A N C E LESS THAN I 2 HOURS 
■ 
__________TO G O .___ 

CLASSIFIED 
Better Living 
Section 

• Real Estate 
• M obile Homes • Rentals 

I N D E X 

■ (A L (STAT! I ® 
?oI—Ital Estate Hollies 
?o2—Houses Open tot Inspedion 
2o4—Property Out ol Town 
2o4—Condominiums • Townhouses 
2o8 - Apartments, Oupleies 
21o— Houses—Northeast 
212 —Souses—northwest 
214—Houses—Southeast 
216—Houses—Southwest 
218- Houses Moved and thieved 
22o—Houses for Trade 
222— Misrelloneous Real fstate 
224—Houses, Sale ot Rent 
226—Suburban Property—Arreage 
228—Resort Propel ties 
23o-lots 
232—farms and Ranches 
234—farms and Ronthes lot Rent 
236—Commercial Property Sale 
238—Commercial Property (lease) 
24o—Commercial Property (Wanted) 
242—Industrial Property lot Sole 
244—Industrial Property lot lease 
246—Industrial Property Wonted 
248- Office Spoce for leose 

25o— Office Spoce Wonted 
2S2- Real fstote Sell or lichonge 
254—Real fstote Wanted 
2S6—Real fstote loons-Hotes 
2S8- Real fstote loons Wonted 

----------------- -----------------^ 

M O B I L ! K O M I S 

3o? - Mobile Homer lot B m ! 

■ I N T A L ! k l 

4o1 - Apartments furnished 
4o2 —housekeeping Apt turn 
4o4 Apartments, Unfurnished 
4o6- Houses, Dupleees 

—furnished 
4o8 - Houses, Oupleies 
—Unfurnished 
41o - Houses, Rent oi Sell 
412- Rooms, furnished 
414 - Rooms, Unfurnished 
416—Rooms with Rontd 
418-Want to Rent or lease 

SAN ANTONIO 
REAL ESTATE SECTIONS 

 o 
N 
NORTHWEST 
HOMES 
NORTHEAST 
HOMES 

SOUTHEAST 
HOMES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 19 1977 

2o6 -TOWNHOUSES 

2o1 
B m mm educes 
2o1 • r a l estate notices 

Homes *5o,ooo and Over 

134o3 CASSIA W AY 
BLOSSOM HILLS 
PRESTIGE AREA TRADITIONAL HOME 
Q U A L IT Y BUILDER. 
4 b e d ro o m * , w a lk in c lo s e ts , h u g e sin g le liv in g a re a s, fo rm a l d in in g ro o m , d re a m kitch e n. C o m e r lot. ' 

494-16o1 

$ 7 2 ,5 o o . 
COMPASS REALTY 
494-1 281 

I 

KD«OOM 
I 

1= rp» 

 r * ■ 
TTZ.- 

REC. EDOM 

L 

FGMilY ROOM 
I urn in I u n h im 
I r H 

- 
J L 
-] 
DINING 
I 

MASUR 
RIOEOOM 

BATH 

I 

 i 

| 
BATH 
ROtCH 
I 
__________________________i 

On 2 Acres ol scenic wooded land 4 268o sq. ft. living aroa * Sos ot 78o3 Summit Circle in Summit Oaks A M IO (forth to loon Spr 
•figs exit - Under IM IO 8 left to Ciolo Visto, thon loft on Summit 
Cifde A Just started this one, so you con select some of your colors 

A S S 3 S o o 
4„ . , o 7 2 
S w in n e y Co. 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
BEAUTIFUL SPRINKURCD-SHAPID LOT 
Quiet cul de sac of fine homes, fully carpeted and draped two story rock One bedroom down ond two up (could be three). Self-deaning ond A k townve ovens Formal ond informal living with natural rock 

THE KEY TO 
BUYING YOUR HOME 

S te rlin g B u r k e ................................................. 
8 3 4 - 6 3 3 1 
I 

P e te C a n tu ( N o r t h ) ...................................... 
7 3 6 - 4 2 9 6 

P e te C a n tu ( S o u t h ) ...................................... 
3 3 2 - 7 5 o o 

C la ra B e lle Cattier ......................................... 
3 4 4 - o 2 2 5 

V irg in ia C e r v e n k a ........................................ 
6 5 5 -5 T 3 T 

G a s e - B a k e r ....................................................... 
O V U - 8 9 9 o 

H odgd on A A s s o c ia te * ................................ 
6 7 4 - 3 5 3 2 

D on John son ( N o r t h w e s t ) ........................ 
3 4 4 - 3 o 7 8 

D on John son ( N o rth e a s t).......................... 
8 2 8 - 8 2 4 T 

D on Joh n son (N orth C e n t r a l) .................. 
4 9 4 - 7 7 T I 

B o b Jo n e s ( N o rth )........................................ 
3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 

B ob Jon e s (S o u th )....................... .. 
5 3 3 -7 T 63 

D ate R ile y ......................................................... 
4 9 4 -3 5 4 1 

Sue W e e m s A A s s o c ia te s .......................... 
8 2 6 - o 6 o 6 

O e n e W ils o n ........................................ .. 
6 S 6 - 3 4 4 I 
KEY GROUP 

R EALTO R S 

 fireplace ond expansive bookshelves 2ox2o foot recreation room ilk to all levels of (forth Cost schools. Complete < within six blocks Realistically priced ot $59 5oo 
1 shopping facilities 

 t lo s o u r & V t in s - 
REALTORS — 5o YEARS OF TRUST 

WINDCREST 
63o7 HICKORY H O LLO W 
OPEN SUNDAY l l A M TO 5 PM 

A new home built by Archie Anderson Come by and see this custom design construction and quality material used in this spacious 4 bedroom. 3 bath home in Windcrest $76,5oo 

VA SALES LISTINGS 
I qual Housing Opportunity 
323673 
5o2 Redry 
$29,ooo 
(Seguin, Tx.) 
A l 
I SSO 
3 2 7 
Statements required, KA will install water well pumps and motoi at time of sales dosing 
Ownership and operability of tonga ond oven unknown Wotei service to this pro petty is o private water wed The quality ond quantity of the water is not known and VA makes ne war ronties, expressed or implied, regarding the well and its equip men! at the wotei Sewer service lo this property is a private septic system me adequacy ond operability of the system is not known ond VA motes ne war tonnes, tip i awed or implied, tegofdmg the system VA makes no guarantees of any kind to anything 

Soty*ct ie change rn pine, prier side or withdrawal at any tone without notice Offers to Bullbat* will not be accepted where the boker lim toiled Ie submit to VA a signed copy ol VA form 26 l l 31 
Joint HOO VA non discrimination certification 
The best quoited offer wtd be accepted horn those received within S work days af the pobkc appearance of the rn moi or tensed biting Sales cam mission on S S el soles, payable en clesmg 

OfN> UCIIVtD 
789979 Slater 

OH UFS ACCUM RO 
I HAS Hooker 3IVS73 Ainmega 
344347 kkC or mn k 
(JKH tm CT ID 
21o16 Mc Key OeRooto 
( OMO KM ttOKIRS OMV 

P a t t e n t i o n ' ? 

DALCO 
REAL ESTATE 
8 2 4 - o 5 4 1 

F S T 
T * C E I G a w n e r , g en d o m in iu m . C o lo n ie s N o rth A re a , 
I, a ll a le c k it c h e n , w a s h e r d ry e r con n ection s, c o v e re d patio, | lots ot stora ge 342-13)8 atter 6. 
F W i A L e l V S W 
R f e R fv o rlh 
M ia m i B e a ch F lo rid a a B e a u tifu l 
»th. door co n d o m im tu m . w ith po 
♦lo o v a rlo o k ln a N o rth M ia m i and 
L a k e M a n ic , 2 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, 
UOOsq ft C A L L 344-o495 
M A R Y T U B h T A B E A 
C la m o ro u s 
T o w n h o u s e 1-2'>. m a s t e r s u ite d o w n . 3 c a r g a r a g e 
826 2439, tJo n e s K ln g R e a lto rs 

CASTLE HILLS BEAUTY 

Luxury Traditional style 4 bedroom, 2Vy both lovely den with fireplace, breakfast room overlooking beautifully landscaped yard and pool. Too mony litre s to list. $1o6,ooo 

INV.. 

 ll agon es 
Q I 
R y 
R f A n o n 

M ARJI! HORTON 
344-2341 
65 3-59 3o 

O 
W 
N 
A . . . 

MIKE KINDER ORIGINAL 
IN 

OAK VALLEY - OAK CREEK NW 

SPLIT 5-4-3 BEDROOMS 
3-4 BATHS 
$79,5oo TO $1 15,ooo! 

8 V 2 % I n te re s t s 
9 models open‘daily, spacious, gracious living, original designs, will trade. Out Vance Jackson, I mile from 41o. 

T H c te K b u lc i, S u d d e n , 
6 9 6 - 8 3 3 o 

OPEN SATURDAY A SUNDAY 2-6 

DURING WEEK BY APPOINTMENT 
SHEER BEAUTY 

IS c a p tu re d in the a m e n itie s o f this fin e c u s t o m b u ilt 

 h om e , w ith its v e ry fle x ib le flo o r pion. UNDER C O N 

STRUCTION. 
O va lity m a tin a l* h o v e b e e n ch o se n 

 th ro u g h o u t. S la te • m arble, p a rq u e t flo o rin g . 4 Vt 

 b a th s, 3 firepla ce s. U n utu al g u e st h o u se . IO w alk in 

 closets. 
2 o x 4 o heated pool. A p ro fe s s io n a l type 

 g re e n h o u se . 2 w e t b a rs. 
81o7 Countryside 

Open Saturday-Sunday 2-6 

During w eek by appointm ent 

Alam o Heights Schools 

 f a s t o f N a c o g d o c h e s Rood to C o untry Lane a d jo in s 
N o rthw o od Estates. 

NEAR FT. SAM 

 bedroom, bath, living room, breakfast area and kitchen each side. $22,SOO. 
Nites 656-758o. 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OE HOMES 

856-552o *91-1121 341 9191 

21o- Holists NORTHEAST 
21o-HOUSES R P - HUS: 

NO QUALIFYING 

AND LOW EQUITY 
C o n d o m in iu m . T u rtle C re e k A re a . 
I b e d r o o m , 2 b a th , w e t b a r , w a sh e r an d d ry e r. Im m e d ia te oc c v D a n v c v 
O w n e r m u s t s e ll 
$1o,ooo e au ltv. w ill s a c rific e tor 
$6ooo 
341 1134 
A B D O 
494 3229 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

3 b e dro om . J ' i bath, lu x u ry 2 s to ry T o w n h o u s e , 2 c a r tin 
Is h e d o a r a g e 
$4o,SOO. 
684 o711, 644 1311, 144-4397 

Lo ca tio n . 
A m e n itie s 
31o2 E ls e n h a u e r 

S u p e r 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
4 unit opt b u ild in g , a p p ro x im a te ly 
14oo sa ti 
E x c e lle n t c e n tra l loca tion 

POGUE & POGUE, INC. 
822 1154 
S in ce 1945 
824 o698 

A ll B ric k D u p le x , C a s tle H ills , 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th s , c e n tr a l h e a t and a ir each sid e w ith a ll e le c tric k itc h e n s . L o ts of c lo s e ts . N e a r s c h o o ls a n d s h o p p in g c e n te r s 
$69,5oo 342 o756 
AUROCH 
O n lv 't b lo c k to J e ffe rs o n H ig h 
V e r y d e s ir a b le 2 s to r y D u p le x w ith 2 b e d ro o m s e ach a p a rtm e n t. 
E x c e lle n t lo c a tio n M id JO'* IM 
M E I D A T E 
P O S S E S S IO N 
344-4148 
G ra c e A rn o ld 
R E A L T O R S M L S 

AUSTIN APT COMPLEX 
15 unit e fficie n cy , 2 y e a rs old A ll b u ilt in*, c o m p le te ly tu rn , e x c e l le n t o c c u p a n c y r a t e a n d c a s h flow . In p re fe r r e d n o rth A u s tin a re a . G ood fin a n c in g , t-451 4392 o r 1634-7218___________ 

 b V S W H Y T B 
D u p le x off N o g a li to*, good Incom e 415 11o8_______ 

D u p le x , 1611 Len n on . 21o H erm ) loge, 
O w n er 
648 2617 fin a n ce, 
$13,5oo 

E X T R A O R D I N A R Y 7 a p a rt m ent b u ild in g s $6ooo a n n u a l in c o m e . S e p a r a te g a s a n d lig h t m e te rs C o m p le te ly lu r tushed C o ll O lg a 

THIS TIME 

You can afford to fait in love Large 

3 bedroom, oh conditioned home 

 in Terrell Hills. Huge yard with 

 afley access $45,ooo with flexible 

 terms. Kites 655 8421 

DONT IOOK TWICE — 

There won t be time 
Kestled 

 among nice borne* on a cut de sac 

 street, we hove o home tor a fomi 

 ly that appreciates location 
3 

 bedrooms, 2 baths, living room ond 

 family room plus garage convected 

 to ideal gamecaom with central 

 heat ond air. Don t wait, call now 

FAMILY SPECIAL 

Big Yard* 4 Bedroom! 7 laths! fomi 

 ly room! northeast Schools1 less 

 thon $4o,ooo1 In ((dorado! (oil 

824 OUT ANY’ IMI tor appt to 

 seel 

WANT A HOME? 

Not |ust o house7 Welt, here is one 

 you must see Absolutely goigeous 

4 bedroom, 2 full baths, living 

 dining, targe den, and garden kit­ 

 chen where you con serve your 

 family outside by the swimming 

 pool which is surrounded by 

 beautiful kl nehru ping 

PRICE SLASHED 

$2,ooo cut on irnmocukite former 

 model hoot* Owner must sell 3-2 

7 with firepkxe ond fully carpeted 

Won t lost long (all now 

CHARMIN' 

 like new 3 bedroom, 2 both, cen 

 teal oit heat, Kirby oreo 
Great 

 occess to Randolph $32,45o 

BEGINNER $ LUCK 

Your first home can be this 

 beautiful 4 bedroom, 2 bath home 

 with formal livmg mom first doss 

 condemn Must see to appreciate 

Northeast Schools Only $27,95o 

QUALITY AND CHARM 

Begins right at the hunt door of 

 this large 
I living area with 

 fireplace, and formal dining Kit 

 chon has top quality appliances 

Lots of built ins thruout Screened 

 in porch plus patio, 4 bedrooms, 2 

 luxury baths--Don I wait coll 

CAU >24-o171 ANYTIME 

 rid carpet 
R e 
A 
L 
T 
O 
R 
S 
’ 

WHY PAY RENT? 
And lose at income tax time? 

INVEST 

In a 
H O M E C R A F T hom e in p restig iou s 

N O R T H C LIF F E an d 

 get a tax refund in­ 

 stead o f p a y in g m o­ 

 re ta xe s next y e a r. 

H om es from 
$ 2 7 ,- 

4 5 o 
8% 
V A with 

$ I .OO m ove in. C o n ­ 

 ve n tion a l fin ancin g 

 a v a ila b le . 

 h o m e ® 

$1 M OVE IN V A 
CONVENTION Ai 5% DOWN 
No Payment TIU April ll 
We Hove several 3 bedroom pions 
$2 8,oo o *3 4,95 o 
AU KOMIS FEATURE: 

1oo% Brick (onstUKrion 
Handcrafted 
• Wood burning Fimploce tx* fnergy 
✓ Saving Package O ' (ar pet v* (anim i heat ait 
Deluxe Magic chef all decide 
Kitchen ✓" 2 (ar Gamgt* 
S FUKNKHEO MODELS 
OPEN 9-9 
W OODSTONE 
C A U 
JOHN GILLIAM 
656-6474 
_ _ 

ERA 
532-3Yo7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
473-1o18 

$275,ooo 

N ow is the perfect time covering if need be to s e le ct w a ll o n d flo o r 

N E A * M 
~ S A 'm b e d e e n , c ir r i o ld e r 5 u n it, f u r n is h e d 
S la v s re n te d . ISS# in c o m e . S e p a r a te m e te rs. E x c e lle n t in v e s tm e n t a l 
$39,ooo A ssu m e $254 p a y m e n ts o r re fin a n c e 
494-S221 ( A N Y T I M E ) 

RED CARPET 

 ranee* 

Realtor 

225-2398 Any tim* 732-4951 

I 
I 

 t o 

GREATER VALUE 
REALTY 
Specializing in 
Owl 
Government Owned 
Homes 
Dawn Payment $2o and up 

6 5 1 -6 1 4 3 

VA NECOOMZED KOKEN 

W EH Buy YOUR HUME 
F o r ca sh F a s t S e rv ic e W ill tro d e 
B O B O e P A O L O 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R wHV 5a V K tW f» Awn y o u r own h o m e , no d o w n p a y m e n t lo a n ­ yone* P a y m e n ts less than re n t 
L lo y d M o n ta o m e ry 
SSI 1oo6 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

2o2 
BOUSES na# ba 
EUL 
MMU OPEN 

BEFORE YOU SELL 
L e t us m a k e a C A S H o tte r to r vour hom e or e q u ity C a ll now ! 
The 
H om e 
M o rt 
655-12o1 
B u y d e a l f e s la t e " f o r e c lo s u r e s ch e a p S u b s c rib e F o r e c lo s u r e * 
R e port 223 499o 

C A S H f o r H O M E S 
We B u y H O M E S and E Q U I T IE S I 
H on est, E ffic ie n t, a n d F a s t S e r­ v ic e W e p a y a ll C lo s in g C o sts. 
C a ll Tony or B e rn ice , 341-6114. 
S P E C IA . R E A L T O R S . 
; 
C o in for y o u r'N oT th side equity 
L a rry B a rn e b e v M l 4455, 6o4 29o9 

F O R Y O U R H O M E O R E Q U I T Y 
W E P A Y A L L C L O S IN G C O S T S 
924 4331 
H U O H E S A B R IS C O E 

CUSTOM BUILT HOMES 

696771o 

---------- 1 M ix t b l A V t a i n 
----------- 
F o r Y o u r H om e Wo pay OM clo s m o costs I W e a lso toko tra d e s 
Cad 
494-5571 
435 4474 
513 3252 
Century 21 

OPEN 2 to 6 

43o7 MUIRHEID 
IN THI VILLAGE IN o4« MUS, Beau tiful 3 bodroom, 7 bath garden home with comer fireplace end wet bor rn firmly room 7 community pools ond clue house $78,5oo 
Also, another 3 2 garden home for 
$73,5oo 
4313 MUIRHEID 

IN THE VILLAGE IN OAK HILLS. An ex i optionally beautiful 7 bedrooms. 
7Vi bath, contemporary bright and cheerful home with it ady and wet bar Club house, 7 community pools 
$89 OOO 

34 4-3o 78 
838-8241 

494-7711 

Looking for a new hom e? 

T O D A Y S Y O U R L U 
C K 
Y D 
A 
Y 
_ 
^ 

High C ountry Estate* 
6 5 6 -4 4 7 1 

$41,1 SO to $53,4oo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 

M e a d o w W o o d N o rth 
4 9 4 -6 1 6 3 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones MaItsbgr of Thous Oohs 

The G re a t N o rth w e st 
6 8 4 -1 I 23 
$38, SOO to $55,1oO 
IM 471 of Culebra 

• V A , 
F H A , 
C o n v e n t i o n a l 
• 
F ir e p la c e s 
• Double G a ra g e s • N orth East or N orthside 

S c h o o ls 

Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Broker* 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

OPEN HOUSE 
NOON TO DUSK 

(ame too our unbelievable price* of now homo* 

5633 CRiEK W O O O in Woodstown 

7m.ee liny* horn $79,9oo m d 

 up Throe m d four bedrooms, off 
Nacogdoches Id 
6S6-3ooo 

 d em it OWERS i i Al 1o*5-OKS 
I 

Near Witte Museum 
D u p le x in p e r f e c t c o n d it io n 
P ric e d below $2o,ooo W ill sell V A or F H A 
D A V I D P O Z Z I R E A L ­ 
T O R S 349-4196 E v e s 344 5662 

 r m w r n r s T E R u e s m . c u rre n t ly a v a ila b le w ith a w id e ra n e e of In co m e s. F o r m o re in ­ fo rm a tio n , c a ll M a rg e 453 USO or 
C a th y o24 o734 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 633833o 
T w o I b e d ro o m , one 2 b o d ro o m t r ip le x in e x ce lle n t re n t loca tio n 
P o s itiv e ca sh flow O n ly $3o,ooo 
732 I I H 

 n D w r m 
C 
T c t i r a f I OOP 
41o 4 -vears old Fu H y rented, tut 
Iv fu rn is h e d W ire d fo r se p a ra te m e t e r s . E x c e p t io n a lly m o m lam e d , good Incom e. 

Tower View Inc 7326157 
' i U W f 
A J H t b w a u ------- 
S e p a ra te m o to rs , fu lly re n te d 
$3o,o4o/ $55o in co m e per m o 
P L A T T R E A L E S T A T E 735474o 
IO units, I fu lly o cc u p ie d , I m o d m a in t e n a n c e r e p a ir , id e a l fo r m a in t e n a n c e m a n , $4ooo d o w n an d assu m e loan of 
$$9,ooo 
•2o 69o7 

- v r w n u n n r g o K g y E i 
$ I $,ooo a c h . I a d ia c o n l B ld g s 
1o24 111 IO N 
P in e . S te a d y In com e, w a lki d ista n ce F t S am It p u rc h a s e d to a o th o r w ill in c lu d e a ll fu rn ish in g s, in co m e $4oo m o 
•24 2o$o 
“ w 'l'L x T d T Y M A R Y 'S U N IV 
F u rn . d u p le x , g o o d m o n th ly in com e A lw a y s re n te d O w n er w ill c a rry . R e a so n a b le te rm s $1o,ooo 
R E A L T O R 
69111oo 

MAKE AN 
OFFER 

Ownet despeiate to toil this 3 bedroom, 
2 bath in live 
Oak 

 litotes Only I year old, assume 
8% VA loon. $773 month 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 349-1121 

OAK HOLLOW 

8 ro o m s, 2 batts* w ith don 

 b lo v a n itie s, d o u b le lite 

 p la c e , 2 ca r g a ra g e , a p 

 p liu n c e s , c v l d e soc; o w n e r 

 tra n sfe rre d . 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 349-6211 

B Y O W N E R L I V * U A * , o-2, ce n 
I t a l a ir , c a r p e t , r a n g e , d is h w a s h e r, w a lk to s c h o o ls , s w im ­ m ie r p o ol, p a tio , te n te d , la rg e , tre e s $24,ooo 656 1142 
B V O W h ie fe . N o rth w o o d A re a 
IAH stone, ce n t h ea t. a ir 3 2, de 
Inched do ub le go l oge o24 52o5 
B v o w n e r, O lm o s P a r k , A la m o 

NORTHWOOD 

Spacious 3 becoom, I'/t bath home, living room and dining loom hove porrpiet floors family room with firepkare 
Magnificent trees Tile puho Automate gat nor 
(all lot more details 
$79,6oo 
Niles 655 7394 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
8S4-S52o 691-1 III MT 9191 

4 i I A p p r o x im a te ly 2 ii OO sa It 
F ir e p la c e 
L a r g e f a m ily ro o m 
M u st sell 222 1342 

A~ n P M T6 'iFS « » ."vL L 6 a p I S i i , s h a g c a rp e t, f ir e p la c e , g o rd e n k itch e n N ile s 65o 54oo 
Century 21 
T R IC O . R e a lto rs 149-6491 

C EST MAGNI!(OIH Hi! 
G la m o r o u i yet < (in s ta lla b le h om e 
H eig h ts sch ools. 4 or 5 b e d ro om *, .arith fe a tu re s a n d d e c o r s u ita b le 
2' i baths, s e p a ra te d in in g roo m , (o r th e d is c r im in a t in g b u y e r 
4 b e d ro o m s, 4 b a th s, g u e st h ou se, pool an d A ln m o M yl* S ch ools < o il 
M o iv C la im J4i SHOO or 
C u ll 149 M IA A n y tune 

BASSE WEH BACHER 

$2,88o ASSUMPTION 
A ttra c tiv e , b rig h t an d a iry , 2 b e ­ d ro om condo, w a ll to w a ll c a rp e l, com p lete bu ilt-in k itch e n A ssu m e 
8' j S, loon 
126-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
122 o124 
S U E W E E M S A A S S O C 

 b re a k fa st room . den, H yin g roo m w ith h re p la r e, q u a rte rs w ith buth, double de ta ch ed g a ra g e , $61,5oo 
B y app t o26 3o21 
B y O w n e r. O iy m p ia . U n iv e r s a l 
C ity ; 4 2 2. L a r g e to m ily ro o m . 
C a th e d ra l c e llin g , fire p la c e , LIV m g room . D in in g ro o m . B re a k fa s t n ook C e n t h e a t a ir , w a te r s o l I le i lie r, c o v e re d p a tio L a rg e lot, cut de sac, 7*«% V A L o a n , $44,ooo I 
635 913o_________ 
B y ow ner k a n ch ia n rJ H ills 3 2 I. ! c e n tra l a ir heat, la rg e open liv in g I a r e a w ith c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g s , co v e re d pa tio an d fen ce d y a rd I 
653-8743____________________________ b v 6lAJhfER, R ock fro n t house 
5 I m ile s tro m R A F B , 1 2 2 C ath# 

IN C , R E A L T O R S 
T W I 'W i f e Y H T K T fc lfK Y 
D o n 't th ro w th o se p a y m e n ts o u t the w in dow 11 I b e d ro o m h om e in d e s ira b le n o rth e a s t a r e a P r ic e d 
In low 2o'* C a ll to d a y tor d e ta ils. 
N ile s 435-1149 
Century 21 
H A P R I S E R 65141o2 A n y tim e 
— g w j r r e 'f l i L r n m f i — d r a t c e ilin g , la r g e u t ilit y a n d « te a ro o m , iv y b o th , s tu d y , den p a n try room Soft w a te r, p riv a c y w l(h « r#ptoce , liv in g room , d o n n a fe n c e , u n d e r w a r r a n t y , s m a ll equ ity on d assu m e m y 
459 1oo1 

B A T R r n n r r T T T T T T T H T : > d ro om s, 2 bath s, no y a rd to keep 
$2oo m oves yea In 
496 742oW AYN F. S L A T E R 544 o6)4 

3-4 

Century 21 
E L A I N E L U D W IG A A S SO C 
W IL L T B IB E ." ' le i or lets d . . d to le t at C o n y e n L a k e C o m m e rc ia l or re sid e n tia l tor equity rn in co m e u c perky. 655 4269 

Bargain Hunter s Special 
N e down p a y m e n t to Anyone 
B e droom s. 2 baths, som e w ith a ir an d a ll a p p lia n ce s F ir s ! p a y m e n t in A p ril, 
B O B O e P A O L O 
344 3o91 
R E A L T O R 

B a rg o u i" M u *! sell. J sto ry town h ou se , b o le ro I s l 1-2'> I, la rg e fe n c e d y a r d , c o v e r e d p a t io . c o r n e r lot. n e a r W in d s o r M a ll 
L e w 
$ t,o o o e q u it y , a s s u m e b a la n c e , in low $2o'S M u s t see 
71o2 G le n M is t O ft W a lio m R d 
A n y tim e atter 2 P M _______________ 
| I.rii rn, both a n d 1i, fe n ce d y a rd . carpel, c e n tra l a ir h eat, n e a r F t 
S am R a n d o lp h in K irb y , a s s u m e low m e p a y m en ts, 641 2362_______ b e a u tifu l cu s to m b u ilt borne an ap prox )■ i a c re s tre e c o v e re d lot 
4 2 'i 2. den w itn fire p la c e , la rg e a lliu m rn ce n te r et hom e, c a rp e t an d S a ltillo h ie thro ug ho ut, h o rse s u n a w e d 
R e d u c e d to $o4.$oo or m ak e otter 494 /SY I 
11 te a ro o m , I bath , fen ce d co rn e r lo t. c o v e re d p a tio . O a r y s w im m in e peal. sch ool bu s of door tor 
N ir n <fr e n d L e e H ig h . U n d e r 
$39,ooo C a ll 494 I$o$ a r 144 o1o4 tor ap poin tm e n t 

 l" W 
W 
W 
M I . ) b o ti.* , liv in g 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E R e fe rra ls to other h em e s 
"Fo r Sale B y O w n e r'' 141 9393 
San A n ton io H o m e o w n e rs A sso c 
B v f t W N H . ' ip a c lo u s S S } , lo isle liv in g , dan. w ith ca th e d ra l m im e , s e p a ra te d in in g . 1719 sa I t , con vanm en! lo 
N o rth 
S ta r 
M a ll 
342 6478 
----------------- I T T i W R T i----------------- 
S la rc re s t A re a , 4 2 7. en a la rg e ro rn e r lot, in N E ISO F o rm a l bv m g ro o m , d in in g ro o m . la r g e f a m ily ro o m o p e n lo k it c h e n 
F r e s h p a in t , w e ll m a in t a in e d 
M a n y e x tra s $3/ 9oo 4359746 N o 
A ge n ts P le a s e I 
IT 
B W 
H m 
T r.' w »li U p i. u U I to r s m a ll f a m ily , e x c e lle n t N L sr hoot*. $19 SOO or best otter I A ft 
6 1opm 633 6734 

* 7 ' B U W * n o 
I« W o T d » 7 5 7 W 
I P i , 7% V A E x tra * $22,75o or equ ity 
546oo 
M o v e In 
T o day I 
66o-7177 
B y o w n e r. W o o d la k e w e ll k e p i 
I I ’ i i , tor ae ce d a r c o v e re d patio, sh a g c a rp e t, som e d ra p e s sta y, a ssu m e 32oo m o g y m ! . 661-414o 

.lo o m c o m b in a tio n , s p ir a l s ta ir 
L o o n w(nr_ ( diurnal style hom e O w n e r t r a n s f e r r e d 
141o7 C it a t io n 
492 2o6o 
Shew n b y ap p t 
Q w n q r g ia n t. 

 clos! to FT. SAM 
I b e d ro o m s, I b a th s rn E a s t T e r­ re ll H ills F in e co n v e n ie n t loca tio n . 
A H n e w p a in t , a n d h a r d w o o d flo o rs re fin is h e d B u y e r m a y h a v e 
Im m e d ia te o c c u p a n c y , H a r d lo b e a l th is d e u i a l $34,6oo W ill be sold 
F H A . 
V A , a s s u m e d o r 
C o n v e n tio n a l 
149 4141 or 349 i l l ! A n y tim e 

Beanie Owens Cn 
R E A L T O R S B la n c o R d O ft s i B r a . , Q u a lity , T M 
V A ; 
$51 OOO 656 o791 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

HT ll AN I LUXURY 
A L A M O H O T S S C H O O 
S C H O O L S 
A d lotn tn a N o rth w o o d e s ta te s 
B e in g b a lli b y an in c o m p a ra b le b u ild e r A fle x ib le p la n 
F a r lu st 

21o WHISTS WUU HLAS I 
E 

B 
M f m p i q x f X 
M i e 
M roo m . k itc h e n w ith d in in g u re a 
1 b e d r o o m *. 2 , I4e>* pen. ca rp e tin g , c e n tra l ait 
H N t s . a p p lia n ce s, ne gow n. SIS# j neat N ew roof. double d riv e w a y 

 the m ost e x c itin a d e ta ils t a ll 

FRANCES LEVENSON 
I i i i 339o 
A N Y T I M E 
7114951 

A a l i t n o m i 
! 
* V * 8 V f i i i N t i N ic k 
( jA L I r U K N I n 
( 1 1 1 . p a n e le d den, b a y w in d o w 
O P E N C O N 5 T R U C D O N , C u sto m ! b r e a k f a s t Ie lo v e ly y a rd . t r a il d ra p e s, a d e ck a c ro s s th# p a tio on d a fire p la ce , a re lu st a few of ; 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E o2o IS H 
; th* e x tra s in th is a ll w a ll kep t I 
I b e d ro om hom e 
494 144*. A N Y T I M E 

Ie m ove in i stora ge b id e *56 1o19 
4 4 o / 4 2 o W A V N E S L A T E R 6 o 4 4 1 6 9 r~>eaufrfu( hom e~T } V B A u s I i e . 4 • ri,o o m % to a p p r e c ia t e ! A ll e x t r a s p lu s m e re , co n v e n ie n t Ie R A F B a n d p o rk a re a 45o 1473 oft $. $29,ooo 

2WJB8PEITY BUT OF TOWN 

W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
~$ { $ U i f l i i $ i3 $ r 

SELLING Y O U * N O M E E 

"Spring Special" 

 g oar to ite d Ie Save Tee Money and 
WW ye* 
U te Mine f ti urn aired Sorvttel IN A HUOT 
TO MOTI i We may teen ama you 
USM lot your equity Im nee 
JK . i 

KIT GROUP 
OASt-BAKKR 
REALTY 
69 o-8* 9o 

ANYONE GAN QUALITY' 
Veils 
****** feed* «•*« I Nb IHi . M M * **** 
UA# AIU IM* UWC 9% 9NHPNM*M tt ^ 

144 WTM 

 e f V r V T T V V 

B O B O e P A O L O 
K E A H O N 
BIV VTO! Vt 

 f A L Wa i e g 
C a n 8 
M b A L T Y 651 O H I 

 ii p a il 
K b A1 

F o r a x lr# east* t a il 

U ro l a v I Q u ilt f u r n it u r e 

•HIW * 

• i NEED IO HOUSES* 
S a n A n te m e R e a l I s l e t a p a y s cash tor y e a rs in 72 b e a rs, I pay a ll d o s in g cest 349-4SJ! 
$$$535$St$$$$$$$$$ 
M e a ' ToT e ir V o tir' H e m T 'iio w I' 
F a r F A S T S E R V I C I —COM 
344 55*4 H a rt M c C o rm ic k R e alto r 
PffgVTVTVBWMH WrWii hom es to r $3oo co m m io sra n E x am p le et ta* m on ey ere ca n sav e you We sell you hom e tor $3o,ooo a n d y o u p a y y o u r b r o k e r O S c o m m is s io n b r o k e r r e c o t v e e 
I H M l e w m u c h d e y o u g o lf 
C h o r le e w a t t s 
R e a l 
E s t a t e 
I r n l f ) 8. 712 $155, JIO *1o4 O pen 
24 hour* a Our 7 d a y s a week 

AH ut aper ties m u st sent AH O res 
•ico n * (e d u c e d 
V e r y d e s irg p ie pr M a rty rn geed con d ition O w n er 
«H! pay (to tin g 
P E L L R f A L TO H * i l l eses 

Baal [slate Warned 
H ove an xiou s, a au n tie ii client* tor 
A la m o Hat* M id 76 ra ng e P le a s* ca n Old l i f t 

 it;d in ts O w e n s L u 

 i T i r n 
T i r n i i m w 
M b t o S O e n le d e l l I I M r o m T R R K B A L E S T A l b 

— l i B T x r a a n a i u i w t 
H av e agr p ro to s s ie o q l H e N b a n ale you re n ta l pcqm qrtg l * u tor de tail* ieaa» i M M I i ee*5as tee ieee 

A L L B R IC K I be dro om l> i bath 
H O M E R U IL T O N Y O U R L O T 
$16,95o t o il G o rd in a eft W A y e 
S P E C I A B U I L D E R S Inc 149 1491 
I U U L T U U f f --------------- 
M O T H E R IN L A W P L A N 
4 b e d ro o m s w ith f ir e p la c e p lu s s e p a r a t e q u a r t e r s 
M e d ic o ! 
C e n te r a r e a O P E N J * S A T U R 
D A Y 61(o M A D E L E I N E 
Century 21 
! Schwatdar Realty 
6*4 72oo 

4 B e d r o o m ta T r o t w o o d 
UMI Fax Briar (Lai IM) 
! N e w hem e en 2 a c re s et a beau 
I b*uMy w ooded tra ct, ta re * M a ll 
I fa m ily ro o m , b e a m e d c a th e d ra l ca ttin g , w ood b u rn in g f.re g lu e * j I' I bath*, din m g att to ra* kitch e n . i b in g ca bin et w ow in g a n try , tut 
(tv ca rp e te d $ skylig h t* . 2 syste m m r- h e a l O pen d o ily tor rn spec I ton m t r a i l W O O D 15 m i n*r«hw **t et W o n d erla n d a a l IM l l 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• WHISPERING OAKS • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER 8 CREEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES 

Fe*ie, am een end Emote Mw retort WM . Bee lo l butut cha 

KEM VUU COUNTRY 
HOM! 
Wilton 2 mHer et city hart* Ut electric, 2 story. 4 begreen! 7 M i bottu, J bott hath* trench (ai­ 

 ming peel orth 8 aa** ond bets* barn lo a u h M new al whey end 

NAYLOR REALTY INC 
P-o. lo x SI 
Ingram, Trio s 7Ro2S 
(motet (St}) ie; $818 pm (SD) SB; ZUB 

( S it ) 257 JO W 

} b a th s . S p a n is h 
Type hem# w ith aH a m e n itie s bee to a p p r e c ia t e 
L e s s th a n 54oo e u u it y . 
O w n e r A g e n t 
{ N o 
A gen ts) 349 2364 or 4$4 6971 

A B R E A 1 H O F F R E S H A IR an d lots of roo m tor e a sy H yin g in th is 
4 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th c u s to m b u ilt b e m e . C a m e ro o n * , la r g e liv in g a re g w ith A re o la e # L o c a te d on 
12.5 w oaded a c re s B a rn , c o rra l, stecta lan k an d m ore-4Sb-42lt 
RED CARPET 
A l 6 o w m g B ' S 2 j a rc h e d 
; dew s de co ra te Rio fro n t e l th is e ll; b r ic k h em e C o v e re d p a tio o n d ! la r g e d iv in g p o o l liv in g ro a m w ith lo v e ly f ir e p la c e , f a m ily re am 
4 bo droom * 2 ba th s 
565,oo9 
R E A L T O R S 
824 9o31 i 

G u y C h i p m a n C o 

 i i i 'LKXoU I T S 'h Y T 
W 

BIT OF COUNTRY 
O ld e r rec# h em e 4 b e d ro o m s. I bath*, on I a c re w ith m an y tre e s 
D u al fire p la c e P ric e d a l 335.ooo 
W hat m an y poodle a re took m u tor 
•24 2391 (A n y tim e ) 
Beanie Owens Cn 
R E A L T O R S A u stin H w y O ft 

BRISTOL PUCE 
B r ic k a n d a s b e s to s J I'» I w ith lo r g * liv in g a n d d in in g ro o m o m b m a tio n . p o tto , fe n c e d o n d s a t 525,3oo. 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

C ATTH 
T m n overy“ T h e i w i i . 
11 d e co ra te d baths, do ub le ca r tm ish e d g a rag e, fu ll k itch e n w ith a ll a p p lia n c e s , s p a c io u s d a n w ith 
( f ir e p la c e C a r p e t in g t h r o o u t 
( $15oo equity an d a ssu m e V A note, 
$114 m a M o v e in ( im n e d ta te lv l 
I D on I h e c ta re C o li 456 ( 214 
RED CARPET 

CAMELOT 

A ra d ) ( h a r m e r ! I B e d r o o m s . 1 la rg e sin g le liv in g a re a B e a u tifu l d a r k S ta in e d flo o r * 
$1o,ooo 
R E A L T O R 656 7717 

V « B a n t I Assoc 
o4 7171 
456 4666 
6#« 
664 $496 

OPEN MOUTH 

49o 1161DON SMITH CO 
B R O K E R 
49o 2664 

225-1666 caaSMX?i 

WARTNER 6PI1 iidUlir, 
I A T gad E U N 95. ) b e g lo o m 2 i barn, fa tly (g re e te d c e n tra l a ir h ea l, w ater te n n e r, e n , a i* b ack ra ra , tre e b o u l* la rg e ag h a. w ith o r i g i n a l c le in le n B a e r m e a n s c u lp tu re d te u n lg in a , 
B u r 
B Qa* pit N K it O , On ( d O e l e i 
! (19 $o4 le f t n g n t * o r a t t u r n * 
(•e n 
H ie t u r t l e c a c k * i n 
I (M E F O O T H IL L I mWOTR'flHU HBUTClBT 
S U N D A Y E N O ( U N D E V E L L 
D E Y I I M t H O O S TO N 4 * * f » am* t o o t h e d ygru n * 

 r s i R i i r i f f i n m a * « - ^ 
G re e n I to 6dm . M u tt bdft l l I, 
I orb * rn ae tat h r o aten * IMH ta r a e t, to g a e arte* bn E g g iiy e n g u t te m * 
H ( S 
V E at l i t MN 

A n d e u t« bt g a r e le g a n t g o rd e n h o m e s 
I b e d ro o m s . J ' i b e th s , fire p la c e , c e d a r root. poof, c ia o house, ta b an a . oak tre e s Cig*# to 
M e d ic e l Cantor. O P E N I l l . Cod tor d ire ctio n* 
5A N O I5 Q N R E A L T Y 
69992o1 

O P E N { « ! • t u n J lo 5 
12812 WLLCOML 
IN L I V E OA K 
I 3 I I den, s w im m in g peel. s e rin ktor. ae s t b s N ea r F t bom end 
R a n d o lp h 
$ m in u te s tra m new 
W in d so r M a n C o m e see OH th* e x tra s rn th is super bu*' Otl-ltl. 

NORTHEAST MALTY 

G R E N S A T U R D A Y 2— 5 
• S N ? CARY GRANT • 
Otto M ills T e rra c e W ar ( b o th to to * ism * tg C ir * G ia n t O n a toM 
»11, si - t in putter anus V IE W V a ry in v it in g r a m b l e r , I l l, 
I M A t i) , 9 P high admittee 
S e g g ig to d in in g teem e le c t r ic tb r g g g l to m u t* * tg 
(3* E A 
M e d ic a l ( e m g i* * U s a * L e c h ta n g 
K e lly 
O o h I n i l l I r i s 1 
K b A L (O K S i i * 1561 

NNIBPQUM MIB 

I Ib m b lu ste r Den 
2 OO lo $ OC P M 
C h a rm m g ce n t e m p e ro r » 4 L a rg e b e d ro o m * , I a g e n liv in g a r e a s w ith f tr e a ia c e t L a r g e s a g g rg ie d m m g ro o m L ig h t a n d a ir y b tl th e n ta lly tg u ia g e d Id p le a t# a g o u rm e t c h e f 
F ire . tm o h t a n d b u r g la r a la r m s b p n n k le r i r s te m 
H e a te d p e e l 
T r e e s C a ll 
M I I H I A N Y T I M E 
SPMBJUI 

#«•» 

YI SLOE FOREST 
S u r r o u n d s ib is I h g l i s h T u d o r hem * A lm o s t I a c re s et ta re sI I b e d ro o m , I i b a th g a m e ro a m . ra in ily teem , liv in g ro a m , {toes 
W et b a r, N iit r a a a v * e ve n , san la r d e d w in d o w im >9 n o r Tm 
I l f m il* } N O H TM O F 
L A N O b a i t I A K R O N 
M e w sign* U R E N SA 
A N O S U N D A Y 

I Nina B. Prussian 

 g a rd e n l f • I T 
W O N O k K U 
D R IV E 
F a t t U R D A Y A l 

KGN Cs THIE IIT 
I u s t S t o li IM S I U lf I 
I M M 4 6 

2 B e d room hem e on d re n t house. I en 
2 acre* . 
MS fro m ste re, > 
I 776-6o11 r g f f W f I V S W H ! I , rn ^ r ta il. F r ia C a u n ly , to u r a e ro * in ric h att bo om la w n . w ith 2 new h ou ses, s u ita b le to r A a ls et OI fle e s N e c ity ta x e s , b u t a h (tty j b o o b u p s . E x c e l l e n t in c o m e ' p ro p e rty e t in v e s tm e n t $38,66o 
F in a n c in g a v a ila b le to rig h t p a r 
IV I $11o*3 1525 

• J S ffT H 
H a f ' i o v I o l e L I T . 
T e w n h e a s e i. I l l SOI 1444 a r ! 
M A I M I 
I 

 lit) ' T t a W H J U 
^rB ’IU IU 'N bv m g a re a , J b ad re am , I i b a lh, co n v e n ie n t to M ed ic et C e n te r and 
L a c k la n d K e lly 
N e Q u a lify in g a ssu m e an d m ete rn M u rry ! 
M O H M E ! E B R IS C O E 
6264331 
R E A L T O R ! 
92 3 3976 
(TUArtEr bint VILL AOK 
B v ow ner, lo v e ly 4 b e d ro o m cen d o m in iu m exitb t ir e a ia c * . I t l l cg It. $46,oo6 666 16)3 Otter tem m 
B w i f r v T t T A i i m i f i k turn, I b e g .e e m * I ton bam * ag 
(i itg ne es sha g c a rd e l b o u lt* a a a a t tu rn # t i t ! m g et r eb n an ce 
916 4325 
H A S K IN S R S A L TV 

H 
H K m n T g B w e i e i 
, L u x u ry H i I con d o I era# bv m g K a s in «# iuc* S* p o i e l* m a m g, P ric e d rig h t at 547 664 As* toe O d e L u c a s 
M I * IEE A N Y H M C 
Century 21 
B tS M U k tfi I E B R B t A c I G R ! 

Century 21 
Jam ** C lu te aes I A sso c 
— i r r a g w rg H T s ------------ 
C a m b r id g e E le m e n t a r y 
L ig h t a n a atry, Mi w o n d erfu l co n d itio n 
S e p a r a t e d in t e d r e a m , liv in g te e m w ith tire p ig c # S u n ro o m 
1-1-2. lf vee lik e Atom # H gtc, th is en* is tor yew! t o ll t i l 5666 
E D P I L M E R T R E A L T O R S 
Alamo ( f e lt , a w n e r 

BUYERS-ASSUME 
. S2$6 m o n th ly p a y m e n ts en th is th o rp 3 b e d ro om I bath B ig b rin g 
; area, buri! in brich e n in clud e* re trid e rd le r, c e n tra l h e a l on d a ir 
{ P r iv a c y f e n c e d 
H U R R Y 11 
I 362 6177, nit**. 364-53/t 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

I f s a b ig a m I 196$ s o ft 
4 7’ i i en tre e d le t C a r p e t e d d ra p e * , ic * m a k e r re in # , e th e r j e x tra * Im m a c u la te 144.ooo on I ne tv a d e m p tio n 
<24 216$ 
Job ti M a rin * s t ! 7ooo 
'.w ill A A sso ciate* , R e a lto r* 

CAMELOT 
L o v e ly c o ro n a d o plan, l l I, L u x a r y c u e d m a s te r b e d ro o m , g a r den k itc h e n , b u ilt in b o o k s h e lf. 
L a rg e p riv a c y y a rd $17,9oo C a n 
OTO 5764. 
Century 21 
I l l 3784 
R E A L f O r f 
453 42 

•EXTRA NICE# 
H ig h on a hilt, I b e d ro o m . I bath. s p a c io u s o p en liv in g a r e a w ith lunfcen h y in g roam , e x ce p tio n a lly n ic e h e m # 
A s s u m e m o n t h ly p a y m e n ts of l i t * 
P ric e d at 
$79,5oo 
O R N E W IL S O N 
434 1441 
R E A L T O R 
M L ! 

K E Y G R O U P 

 i 
FEED THE DEER 
{ F ro m y e a r ow n b a ch y a rd ! Im m a c u id to a n d re d e c o ra te d I be 
* in , i d ro o m , I b a th h e m e , w ith fir * . 
I t . n I a lo e e in de n N e w c a rp e ts , n ew s o la riu m tile, b u iltin k itch e n O n ly 
5)7.95o B e ry l W ergond. 342 6456 
B O B Z O N K S , R E A L T O R S 

B O B H O O G E W, 

 c a rp e te d 

424o 

3 1 1 f a r peter) a p p lia n t #5, ce n 
Iro i heat a ir, h re p lu co , c o rn e r tot. db m a so n ry 924 457S 
I fir. ti . 
,V I b t 6 ’ ~P A T T 5 T n it e la n d s c a p in g en h a m # th is I be d ro o m , I b a th h em e 
S h e a c a r p a tin a th ru pu t! L iv in g an d fa m ily 

UC,Too 
R E A L T O R S 
6317)61 

L ath, m g i iv tag r ne ol6< 
96945 

T V t f r m , s e p a ra te d i 

Buy Norttrwood Estates 
I b ric k 3 beprxw m , J borh h e m .. 
,r Guy Chipman Co 

 t e r m o l it v ln g a r e a a n d I p a n e le d den a n d p o ll* e v e r m g be au tifu l Ire * shaOed vat 
R E A L T O R ■ 

KEY GROUP 

FIEST U t!IRING 
I b e d r o o m * , w ilb ( ( in v e r t e d a a iaa* , fe n ce d y a rd w ith lets et f r e e s 
A s s u m e lo w m o n t h ly p a y m en ts ut 592 P ric e d A t 117.25o 
G E N E W IL S O N 
456 3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L I 

K Y CHOOP 

FIRST UTTERING 
F ir e p la c e , c a t h e d r a l c a llin g , 
( o v e r e d g a it * w it h t h is I b e ­ d ro om I ba th hom e C lose to 41b. 
511.956 *66-1744 

T in Bailey Real Estate 

C ob 34941/1, 
(MUM, 
ALAMO RGTS SCHOOLS 
I u s u rio u s cu s to m N M b o rn Tai- | ^ 
H aas, has huge fa m ily re a m w ith , a V 6 JJU f t . 1- b e ir ia m , T lt a N T fir e p la c e , s u a a y e a t Pee re a m . IN R S c h o o l O is in c t 
P lr e p la c * . tora# sxparat* O m n i, liv in g p lu s f F a m ily ro a m . F e n c e # in y a rd ri 
18264171 
. . . . . . . 
- j le e b e t 3-t1 

N N M d n f .B m id iis 

BLAIN W TS SCHoo1S 
I bad r aa rn s. IT* ba m s ar S r i a* g ro o m c a u ld be d e n 
B e a u t if u l b e ro g u e # fle e rs , c e n t r a l b e a t, le n c a d y a r d v e r y c o n v e n ie n t to td h a n 
336 *o6 
342 4177, l i l t 
N S R !! b i l l s o u t h e r n r e a l f o r mmm* 
* eg n a te e s e n d c a m g ie ie iv i« m ad*ted a n d beauhluW v 6 *1 ar 

U p a ttic tm m a c utoto cc 
$17 66o 454 26*6 

BY OWNER 
S I /6 6 e q u ity , le< H ie d ta B re e k w eed. s a ra c e n ! I* W in d * r e d 
I 
E e d re u m * 
7 f u ll b a th * , f a m ily ream a r t hr valu e • liv in g re am a n a to rm g i d in in g 
D ro p * * a n d i ut tom * re m a in P a y m e n ts M IS . 
6 m a t eld, *Aust Sob 6568367 

» . O W W T I 
1 1 1 , l l r S i l i J T ! ta th e d e ra t cetene*, th e e (a rg e l, p a ir# c a v e r, fe n c e d 

OpRfi Monday thru Trtdoy I A.M. to S:)o PM. 

D E A D L IN E S : 

3« D c 

 a te d 4 3 te m p i* I* a 
* d i m 
6171 

O lm * * P a r s 
6 
■ rg tia a g a d a d a t 

 es* e t) /S II 

 a e w d a b P****»i«« 
B * a u h fu i ben et m g * new t i ) , 
L iv in g , de n t i l l s # TI 
N ew ta r eel ( h i*uahw al 
( x x i f ir h e a l an a a g h a n c es. aah#- p riv g c * ton** 
I i i $ 6 6 
IM lit g o 
V A F H A 
A ssa m * It** m a M ao# t u f t * I 
~ 
**av#*Nem#» tow, d o d a a M r m q 
•eg /4 M Y I A V N 8 S L A T B E I M » )/* assam ptw rn s te t ae r m e ASM BMS 

 m m Gift, IUHEB 
A N E I O I) 5 O A T ) f i n 
„ ,.T 
„ 
*H gf 
I b a d r e a m s a**, ca rp a a b I 

M o n d a y thru Thwrst 

5 O O P M f o l k 

F iid u y I J O (o r S c r t v id a y 

T i d i l y J P BB Bar S u n d a y 

F r id a y 5 J O F M F o r M o n d a y 
CIOSID SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

C o n c R ik t H o t H ‘a n d C o u e c t i o n t t o n b a rrm d a 

M o n d a y ttoru F n d a y E A M h i 5 JO F M 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Satu rd ay February I 9 I 9 7 7 

21o BO BSESJiM T 

PRE-OWNED HOMES 

FENCED CORNER IOT 
Sparkling CLEAN!!! 3-2-2 luxury sired master bedroom, huge living dining room area, fireplace. Low equity for $41,5oo. Immediate move-in. Niles 658-1428 

BEAUTIFULLY 
LANDSCAPED 
Neorly 21oo sq. ft. colonial 4 bedroom, on cut de-sac. Neur pool, club, tennis ond ElOorodo Elemen­ tary New condition Niles, 822- 
9438. 

LARGE OAK TREES 
Owner has moved Assume his EHA loan or go new. Carpeting in large single living orca ond in master bdrm., fireplace, large wolk-in closet, marble vanity top. Fencing and landscaped. Consider 2nd lien 
Niles, 656-8218. 

WOW!!! 
Younger than springtime ond just os fresh 3-2-2, with bonus room for game room or formal dining 
Fireplace ond redwood covered polio Nites, 824-9818 

LITTLE AND LOVEABLE 
BARGAIN 
2 bedroom, 
I both, carport, carpeted fhruout. New double oven New roof, Alamo Hgts schools Nites, 822 9438 

MOVE-IN NOW 
Like new, this 3-2-2 with separate dining ond 2 living areas Owner transferred. Nites, 824 9818. 

SPACIOUS 
4 2 2 Decorator Showcase Home! 
Elegant custom drapes See to believe. Under $45,ooo Nites 658 
1428. 

GOOD NEIGHBORHOOD 
FOR YOUNG COUPLE 
Who could ask for more? 3 bedrooms, covered patio, privacy fence, country kitchen 
Im maculate Priced at $23,9oo Niles 
826 7668 

A FINE BEGINNING 
SIERRA NORTH 
3 Bedrooms, new on market NE schools. Immaculate Priced to sell 
$23,5oo. Niles 8267/68 

CORNER LOT 
POPULAR VALLEY FORGE 
Famous Virginia plan 4 bedrooms, fireplace, formal living or dining room, landscaped corner lot Sable brown carpet Niles 824 9818. 

ASSUME 6 % VA 
(harming 3-2-2, in established area Under $3o,ooo. Much tender loving core Walk to elementary school S1S5.SS mo. Niles 658- 
1428 

LOVER S DELIGHT 
Ever popular Dakota Pion, 3-2 2, oversiied family room with fireplace 
Good equity 
Quick possession Nites 8267668 

NEW I and 2 STORY 
HOMES 
NORTHERN HILLS 
$33,6oo to $36,45o. 3 ond 4 bedrooms, immediate occupancy 
Excellent view in beautiful 
Northern Hills setting. Carpeted and 2 car garoqe 

ROYAL RIDGE 
I and 2 Story, $43,5oo to $49,1 SO 
3 and 4 bedrooms, carpeted, 2 car garages Beautiful neighborhood 

D A Y O R N IG H T 
6 5 5 - 6 8 4 8 

 m o r t e m s o u t h w e s t r e n l t i j 

SELECT YOUR AREA AND PRICE RANGE 

Here are Several Northeast Properties of the Many 
Available to Show you. 

T H E G L E N - W hopping-bic) 
B R O O K W O O D 
Enor­ m ous 3 bedroom, 
2 bath with fireplace. 
M am m oth covered polio. Ray Ellison 
Celebrity Pion. 

W O O D L A K E 
6 7 1 5 
S h o d / L a k e D r. Charm ing 
3 bedroom , 2 both, covered king-size patio. 
M a n y a d ­ ditional features. 
O p e n terms. $ 4 o ,4 5 o . 

C A M E L O T ll ■ Better than new 3 bedroom, 2 Exith, 2 living areas. 
A steal at 
$ 3 4 ,5 o o . 

C A M E L O T ll - Fit for a king with a large family! 4 bedroom s, 
2 baths. 
$ 3 3 ,6 7 5 , 

 townhom e for the money, bedroom s, 2 2 Vz baths plus upstairs sitting room. Priced for quick so le -$ 2 8,2 5o . 

T H E G L E N - Delightful 3 bedroom , 
2 Vc bath townhome. 
Priced to sell- 
$ 2 6 ,o o o 

E A S T 
T E R R E LL 
H IL L S 
- 
Com fortable 3 bedroom , 2 bath home with fireplace. 
Priced in the low 2 o 's. 

K IR B Y 
• 
2 5 1 3 
S c o t s ­ m a n . The one you hove been waiting fort 
3 bedroom s, 
I Vz bath, separate living and dining roorhs, $ 2 3 ,5 o o . 

FOR DETAILS AND VIEW IN G 
CALL 653-o57o ANYTIME 
W ORLD W IDE REALTY 

?!o HSUSES NORTHEAST 

“A PUCE OF 
DIGNITY” for a dignified fomily. Right in the middle of A lam o 
Hgts. 
Consisting of 
4 bedroom s, separate dining room. 1 8 x 1 2 .7 living room with fireplace. 
“TERREII HILLS” 
W e have 2 lovely hom es in this desirable area. 
4 bedroom s, 
3 baths and one 3-2 and 23 ft. family room. 
$ 6 5 ,o o o ana 
$ 4 5 ,o o o . 
Call for Details. 
8 2 2 -3 3 o 1 
HARTMAN 
REALTORS 

/To M D tFM M TKM L ti? iwmes NmnmresT tit M M Enm m nim 

SPLIT LEVEL 
N e w ly listed 4 b ed roo m . % a cre c o r n e r lot, p a t io s g a lo r e . N E 
Scho o ls, co n v e n ie n t to sh o p p in g centers M id $5o s 494 3541 
D A L E R I L E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

KEY GROUP 

418 SUMNER 
3 bedroom . I bath, central heal, a ir c o n d it io n e r s , fe n c e d y a r d , trees. *16,5oo 73* *113 
L E S E D G A R 734 4233 

SWIMMING POOL i P lu s 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e with q am e roo m and 2 car g a ra g e 1949 j i sq .ft. Im m a c u la t e c o n d it io n . 
' *47,5oo. 2o7 M aplew ood. 
C A L L 494-5227 
A rm stro n g Co 
T W 4 ^ O R T H E P R IC E O F O N E 
: H e re is a r a r e o p p o r tu n it y , to p o sse ss 2 fine h om e s on I a c re of 
I lond. O ne h ou se is a 2 bed room , I 
I bath a nd the other is a 3 b ed roo m with 2 baths. B oth a re sp a c io u s a n d a re h ig h lig h te d w ith c r e a ­ tively located sk yligh ts. 494 *221 
M ( A N Y T IM E ) 

SEE THESE GREAT NORTHEAST HOMES 

ALL STONE 3 2-2, corner lot, large 

 country kitchen, $37,5oo Coll now 

SP HILLS 2 story 4 2'/j 2, 7355 sf, 

 custom features $62,9oo Coll now 

PERFECT for Young fomily 3 7, cen­ 

 tral heat air, fenced $25,9oo 

75% BRICK 3-2, paneled den, corner 

 lot $26,5oo. Call now 

BEAUTIFUL 4 2 2, carpet, fireweed 

 den $47oo equity, $331 mo 

FULLY CARPETED 3 2 2, built ins, 

 fenced, NE Schools $3,ooo equity, 

$283 mo Coll now 

CUSTOM DESIGNED 

 dining, huge den. 

. (all now 

3 2 2, formal 

$4,532 equity. 

SELLERS: 
Call obout our 
Guarantee Sole Plan, where if we don't sell your home, we buy it 

Cal! INTERSTATE Real Estate 828-o755 
Open 7 Days a Week til 8 P.M. 

THOUSAND OAKS 
16422 LEDGE POINT 

 lefter than new, but lets $$$. 4 bedroom, 2 both, two story home, fireplace, office, playroom, ond mony built ins. 

6 5 3 - 4 3 5 o 

De Amt Owens 

CO.-REAi.TOfR 
W attorn Rd. Oft. 

RED CARPET 
•V T t e rrcr r 
B v O w n e r, 132o3 L a V e n t a n a , 
3-2-2. Firep lace, cathe d ra l ceiling, intercom , wet bor, m u tt jell im ­ m e d ia te ly . * 4 3 ,SOO. A s s u m e o r refinance 
O pen doiley 
I to 4. 
453 1258 

O L b F A R M B v owner. 4-1-1' 

VIEW OF CITY 
A n d y o u r ow n w ooded lot. F ir e ­ p la c e in m a s t e r b e d ro o m , o n d 
I a n o th e r in h u g e liv in g a rc o . In i O ak Haven. 

828-6391 A n y t im e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R e alto r N E Loop ofc 

ATTENTION! 
NON VETS 
N o w a v a ila b l e in p r e s t ig io u s 
I NCRTHCLIFFE] 
£ 4 5 o M O V E IN 
C O N V E N T IO N A L 
| for more information call 
6 5 9 - 1 1 6 1 
. Or Come Out To 

IN TERRELL HILLS 
Built tor c a su a l Itvinq and fam ily fun, 4 b e d ro o m s a nd 3 baths, tire- p la ce , 2 c e n t r a l h e a l- o ir u n its, la r g e p o o l, p r i v a c y f e n c e . 
824 4521, nites 342 484? 

Turner Realty 

J U S T L IS T E D ! Im m a c u la te ond c h a rm in g fo r n e w ly w e d s or re tired couple. C o z y rem o d eled kit- chen, 23 tt liv in g ro om a nd se p a r­ ate din in g ro om o v e rlo o k in g la rge c o v e r e d p a t io a n d b ig p e c a n tre e s 
C lo se to F t S a m , sh o p s, b usline 
*71.COO 
828 4343, e ves 
455-8791 
Cornelius & Associates 

$ THE PRICE IS RIGHT $ 
On this 3 bedroom. 2 bath home lcioted near schools, new mall, 
Randolph AFB ond It Som Ideal for growing family. Has mony ex has Coll 653 6364 ANYTIME 
HEY YOU'.II 
STOP throwing your herd earned money away on renting when you can buy with no down pay men! ond a low $2o closing cost. 
3 and 4 bedrooms available VA eligibility not required Call 653- 
6364 tor mace information 
$ WISE OLD OWL SAYS $ 
Buying Income Properties Smart 
Thing To Do! This duplex located near Randolph will poy for itself 
Call Nn-m Housley at 653-6364 for more information 

S c h o o ls 
C e n t r a l h e a t - a lr agents. 453 1728 o L d ff a M m I- S p a n ish Style I i i 
C o v e re d sc re e n e d patio, w a ll to w all, c e n tra l a ir, In te rc o m , on 
I lim ited a c c e ss street B y O w ne r 
*37,5oo A ssu m e >231 m o 455 8842 

O L M O S F A K K . ..on a lan dscap ed , double, c o rn e r lot, sto n d s a state ly older home, built of stone, with a tile ro o t' G le a m in g h a rd w o o d flo o rs a nd 9' c e ilin gs, a re a h a ll­ m a r k s OI the d is t in c t iv e ly fine j c o n s t r u c t io n a n d , the lo v e ly , i m a n tle d fir e p la c e in the liv in g 
I room odds a rich accent F o rm a l i d in in g room , kitch e n a n d b re a k 
; fa st ro o m w h ic h o v e r lo o k the c u r v in g patio, a h uge b a se m e n t with a w alnut paneled p la y ro o m i 28x17 and q u a rte rs , cen tra l heat a nd air, of co u rse , a nd a 4 car- ga ra q e O ttered of i *22o,ooo 
R E A L T O R S 
824 9431 

Guy Chipman Co 

O L Y M P IA - S-i-2, b e a utiful So o n 
Ish, 3-ye ars old 
F ire p la c e , 2 pa tlo s, in t e r c o m 
Im m e d ia t e o c ­ cup ancy. 
E a u lty or refin an ce 
458-7759 

WE CAN NOT TELL A LIE 
G e o rg e w o u ld lo ve this m o d e rn la r g e c o u n t r y k it h c h e n s m r r o u n d in g 3 b e d ro o m s a n d 2 baths. Located on a c o rn e r lot. for 
*23,9oo with open term s 
656-3ooo A n y t im e 
Beanie Dwens Co 
R E A L T O R S - P e r r in Beitel Ofc w t L ^ O M E Y O W IN D C R E S T and a lu x u r io u s , c u s t o m iz e d h o m e w ith o s p e c t a c u la r v ie w fr o m r e d w o o d d e c k s...a c e ilin q -h ig h fireplace in the fam ily room and a huge m a ste r suite! 3 b e d ro o m s In all 
F o rm a l living, din in g room s. 
E v e ry th in g 'Top-of the-line'! 
*98,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
453 7341 
Guy Chipman Co 

* T I T L E 

For Fast A ccu rate Title 
Service 
5 C onvenient Locations 

• HITK. THV M S • JfiOI IM I \> \ M T IN ICI). 

• ion: NI I .(MHM Kl • T_M»f> 111. W M > HO \|) 

• TTT* KKF-DKRM k>H I IK. H O A D 

Serving San A ntonio Since 1o22 

212-MMES^miESf i 212 - HOMES NOFJHWTST 
212 HOMESNORTHWEST 

MOVE IN VA 
DOWN CONVEXTKMUl 
NO FA N EW T T U A m 77 
3 ond 4 bedroom pions $34,95o to $43,95o. All homes feature energy saving packoge, central he ct-air, carpet ond handcraf­ ted woodburmng fireplaces, deluxe Magic Chef alt electric' 
.kitchen, and 2 cor garage; 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
O f EN DAILY 9-9 
T W IN C R E E K 
681-1111 

S 
- P 
- R 
- E 
- A 
- D 
Out in IO rooms dose to the 
Medico! Center. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths new kitchen and roof. VA appraised at $39,ooo 
ALSO 
Two other 3 and 4 bedroom homes in Northstde District for 
$38,ooo. 
6 99-1ooo 
Vea m eOw e k 
CO.-REALTORS 

F I R S T O F F E R I N G 
S A N P E D R O H IL L S 
H a n d s o m e a n d s p a c io u s 3-2 2, white b ric k with d ra m a tic liv in g ro om with w ood b u rn in g fit enlace a n d cathe d ral ceiling M o sie r be d roo m with d re ssin g ro om P lu sh c a r p e t s o n d d r a p e r ie s 
B r ig h t go urm e t kitchen *52,95o 124 2439 
R E A L T O R S 
JoNES®K8NC 

 f i r s / T i m e o n m a k e t 

J U S T L IS T E D . L u s h c o u r ty a r d and la rge o a k s gre ets you in this 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h b e a u t y In 
C H U R C H I L L D I S T R I C T 
F i r e ­ p la ce , la r g e m a s t e r su ite w ith d re ssin g area, m a n y e xtra s 
*48,9oo 
RED CARPET 
1 W l n l 
R E A L T O R S 
494 1o58 

~ KING WILLIAM 
I H isto ric a l D istrict, re sto re d 11*3 
I stone Cottage. D u p le x or sin gle j Centro! a ir a n a heal. la rge corn er 
Lot $42,5oo 227 *77o,228 o187 

L O O K M E O V E R , 1322 E R W IN 
N ic e 2 b e d r o o m h o m e , w it h p an e le d heat. b r in g *4oo tod ay, m o ve In tom orrow . *89 a m o N e a r 
N orth P o n A m 
A L L S T A I E R E A L T O R S 
433-329* 

Maymiicent 4 Bedroom 
7 - s t o r y a ll b r ic k — 71 oo s a 
It. 
U N D E R P R I C E D t o r a r e a a t 
*48,*oo. Bee it now a nd trod e uo 
344 3471 
After 4 L a n c e 4*4-4528 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 

KIRBY 

M O N T E V IS T A 
Stalely two story, h uge liv in g with beautiful o ak floors a nd fire p la ce 
17x17 fo rm a l d ining. T e x a s size kitch e n . 4 b e d ro o m s. 4 ' z b ath s, pool, on c o rn e r lot. A sk tor R u th 
Fo lio s 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
N A C O A T T H O U S A N D O A K S , 
3-1-1, *1ooo down. *25o m o 
J A J R E A L T Y o74 8813 A n ytim e 
3-1 N ear N o rth e rn H ills B o n k C an be b o u g h t w ith SH O O re fin a n c e tee 
T o ta l, *19 ,o oo 
N e e d g o o d credit ratin g 4*3-9212, 822 3*41 

•THIS IS SELECT!® w it h h e a t e d p o o l in p r i v a c y g ro u n d s. L a r g e b ric k ra m b le r, quality built. 3 b ed roo m s, 2 batho. p lu s q uarte rs, bath F a m ily lo o m 
( F P . terrazzo floored), a nd ga r d e n r o o m 
L i v i n g a n d d in in g r o o m s M o n y b a lli in s *1o8 OOO 
See this in N orthw ood Estates. 
124 2347. 
Thelma B. Preissman 
F O R' k A L T title se rv ic e with no u n n e c e s s a r y d e la y let A L A M O 
T IT L E 
C O handle the 
D e al 
277 o231. 

~ •FOR $23,5oo® yow gel 3 b edroom s, 2 boths. cen- trot heal a ir rn tost g ro w in g S ie r­ ra N orth A G O O D B U Y 344 3471, nites 4*4-4*21 
B O B B R E N N E R R E A L T O R S 
6 A f f S B W 'K I T C H E N . S k y lig h t l i v i n g n e . I I I, p m f s 
*2 1 2 , 
*24,5oo OC T e rm s O pen 44) 487o 

4 1 1 1 1 . J B ed roo m s, } B aths, cor- peted. *9*o E q u ity a nd Toke o ver 
P a y m e n t s 
C U L E B R A P a r k 
R E A L T Y 411 8257 
G oo d location, W ilsh ire Tm ru n - b y o w n e r. 1-2-1, s c h o o ls , b u s, c h u r c h e s , h ig h sc h o o l b u slin e . 
F o r t S a m . s h o p p i n g c e n t e r s , 
W in d so r P a r k M all, a ssu m e 7%. 
R e a so n a b ly dow n 124-o475 
G r e e n h o u s e g a r b i n 
A R E A A N D F R U IT T R E E S OII go w ith t h is 
S T A R T E R 
H O M E 
B E A U T Y ! I b e d ro o m s (2 el em carpeted), carpeted liv in g room . ail central All lin s u nd m ore lot a low *22 95o V A T H A ok! 828 4143, e v e s 4*3 9*9 * 
Cornelius & Associates 

GUADALUPE CO. 
B e a u tifu l y a r d w ith h u g e tre e s a n a c o v e re d patio fo rm a l liv in g room , la rg e dining. 3 b ed room s. 2 baths, su n room , on a p p lia n c e s 
Sto ra ge shed See today I 
6 SB 3 5 J S A n y t im e 
Beanie Dwens Cn 
R E A L T O R S R a n d o lp h Q U 

HARO TO PLEASE? 
Y o u ll a pp reciate this im m acu late 
4 b e d ro o m , I b a th s, h o m e w ith fo rm a l room , fa m ily ro o m with f ir e p la c e 
B u ilt in ie i n c lu d e 
M ic r o W a v e o v e n D r a p e s c ar p elm g and priced a l only *49.9oo 
N ites ***-7492 
Century 21 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
4*4 242o A N Y T I M E 

~ HAVE A HEARTH in P u s beautifully m a in ta in e d 3 2 2 witn sp a cio u s vaulted liv in g o rea and fireplace A hom e thai is His tetan y d e c o ra te d in c lu d in g a nd enclused patio P ric e d in the m id 
4o s 
6 5 6 3OOO A n y t im e 
Beanie Dwens Co 
R E A C T O R S P e rrin Bette) O H 
H g * T f B ’ F 5 g r 
TO liv in g room . 
Si*. MIO 
R O S S I R E A U T Y 
414 7741 

HIGH ON A Hill 
A c h a r m in g h o u se tor 
Y o u n g 
M a r r i e d s e r a b a c h t ie r p a d d e lu x e ' I b edroom s, 2 barn s o nd a double out o a r ' B uilt b y 4 la m ina e rn N o rth w e st R a n c h ta n d H ills ' 
Ss *oo A ssu m p tio n ' Cull N e w 
341 4491 
N ile s 444 41*4. 34? oo47 
o 6 P R O E F L O O D R E A t TO R * 

H aiiy wood Pk, by ow ner, *41 too, 
1 1 1. den 
F P . 14X54 coy patio, carp eted hie MM 7o trees, ga rde n 
111 ( P O V 6B4-IBHI 
_____________ 

It QiiaMiy Is Important b e a u t if u lly m a in t a in e d 
4 bx d r g e m h e m e en la r g e tat w ith m a n y m a t u r e i r e # * 
T i i i t i sid e rite fe a tu re s ru c k c o n stru e 
••on cedar sA uped reef u s a pan ating tw e e d b a n d set Hied, a n d 
*# a c * to sp a te Se nsib le a n t e d ut 
IT I. MO N ile * M I M M 
4o4 7111 
D O N J O H N S O N R I A L TO RS 

C ustom built nom e with one la rge livin g area, beautiful built in lu x ­ u ry kitch e n in c lu d in g r e lr ig e r a tor P r iv a c y fenced, c o rn e r lot, * I ’-’ ™ '- ' 
'«• b edroom s, a nd 2 d ecora to r b ath s ( N E A R R A N D O L P H A F B 
3 b_ 
M id 1 8 s id r o o m h o m e h a s low e q u ity al 
824 o4o6 
R E A L T O R S 
824 *497 j a pp rox *1,11o. A ssu m e I '* • . V A 
S U E W E E M S A A S S O C loan p ay *233 per m onth* 
*26,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
4*8 7oo7 

OPEN LIVING 
P o p u la r M o n t e r r e y F lo o r p la n 
L i v i n g a r e a w it h f ir e p la c e 
C o v e re d patio oft fo rm a l d in ln q a re a 
Se lf c le a n in g o v e n , go o d n eigh borhood 
A ssu m e 7-»x*o V A loon. 
6S8-3S3S A nytim e 
Beanie Dwens Co 
R E A L T O R S R o n d o lp h O ft 

OPEN TERMS 
O n th is 3-2. fu lly c a rp e te d , o il e le c t r ic k it c h e n , fe n c e d y a r d 
M a r y nice trees P ric e d to sell at 
*77,SOO Coll for a p p l 
G E N E W IL S O N 
4*4-3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L S 

KEY GROPP 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
L o ts of h ou se tor the m o n e y • 4 b edroom s, 2 bath, single c a r g a r a ge Stove, d ish w a sh e r, g a rb a g e d is p o s a l , i n t e r c o m , c a r p e t , d r a p e s a n d h u g e b a c k y a r d 
: P a y m e n ts *19*, lot equity 
6SB-3S3S A nytim e 
Beanie Dwens Co 
R E A L T O R v R a n d o lp h Ofc o w Ti r g — S A N P fe b fe 6 Fu l l ! 
C r e a l fam ily hom e, sp a c io u s 23oo 
4 sq It liv in g urea. M a n y extras. 
*54,4oo, 494-1413.________ 
Ow ner. Jyrs, l l ’ , bath, b rick, F P 
E N ew B rau nfe ls, 42 9-ISI3 
P L U S H C A R P E T IN G in all i be d r o o m * o n d o p e n liv in g a r e a 
(with b eam ed ceiling, b oo kca se s, fireplace d o o rs lo p a tio '). 
*34,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
453 7341 

WHISPERING OAKS 
J U S T L IS T E D . 3 bedroom , 7 bath h o m e w ith c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g s . 
B eautifully la n d sca p e d ya rd , fire ­ p la ce , m a n y b u ilt - in * 
*42,9oo 
N iles, 492 91o7. 
344 3o78 
D O N J O H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

LOW EQUITY! 

3 -2 -2 with approx. 
1oOO xx|- ft. at luxury, Io u than I 
(ear eld. 
Lew equity at t TOO mid e u w e U m 
. of *3 4 ,8 o o et * 3 7 2 par me. 
Formal and informal living dining, handcrafted ce bony xxii twin itld- 
*"g 
.. w w ra e - o r o u n d p a tio , c e n tra l h e a f- a ir, fu lly c a rp e te d , d e lu x e M a g ic C h a t k itch e n . 
L ik e n e w co n d itio n . 
681-1111 
TWIN CREEK 

T A K I YOUR CHOICE! 
OAK HILLS TERRACE. 4 bedrooms, 7 baths, formal living room. VAULTED 
DEM, firtpiof*, covered patio- more! $45, SOO 
COLONIES NORTH Ranch style, cedar and brick, 4-2-2, ? livma areas, lorge polio for bbq' $42,8oo 
SHENANDOAH Swim and skate club close. Master with dressing area, 3 more bedrooms, huge fomily room, 
FIREPLACE $43,9oo 
HIDDEN CREEK large S BEDROOM 
COLONIAL, open fomily room, fireplace, built-ms galore! On lovely terraced lot $79,9oo 
HERITAGE FARM Very neat 3 2. dou­ ble grage. COUNTRY KITCHEN, sliding doors to patio Good buyt $29,8oo 
69o-98o2 
GREAT 
AMERICA 
£ J A L T O R 8 r n 

UNIVERSITY HILLS 

Across Loop 16o4 from UTSA. OPEN 
EVERYDAY 12-6 P M. New, Luxury 
Homes 
For the 
Discriminating 
Buyer... 

79o3 SHADY HOLLOW 
$54,75o 

1541o RED RO BIN 
$55,75o 

North on IHIO, left on 16o4, past 
UTSA, and right on White Fawn to open house arrows. 
DOUGLAS LEWIS 
QUALITY BUILT HOM ES 
342-7324 

FIRST OFFERING ^ 

A rara find in OAK HILLS for $76,9oo. Split ie v ti factoring 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, separate formal dining room and living room. Family room with fire-loce ove> looks heated pool and enough space to pot in your own tennis court. As if this is not enough there is a 
23x15 ft. playroom to compliment this luxury family homo dose to tho 
Medical Complex. 

828-6343, eves 655-8791 

CORNELIUS 

U A S S O C IA T E SI 

ALL BRICK 
$3o,95o 

I- 
1 * 
I - l> 
I - 
I - New 3 btdraom,*2 full baths, fully 
I > carpeted home, deep set windows 
I • surrounds dining room, has 
I . fireplace, deluxe built in ap- 
I , pliant es, 2 cor garaqe ond wood 
I , ed lot Inside 41o, convenient to 3 
I , new Northwest Mali and Holmes j 
. High School VA or Conventional. , j 
3 plans open 16 Call 681 3o72 j 
>• 
DORSEY REALTY 
> 
J 
AFTER 6 
J 
Ii 
659-142o 
] 

V 
- ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ 3 

SPECIAL BUY 
O NLY I LEFT! 
'A K H I 
•xtrw Ix rg x w e x 4 * 4 tot 
3 b ed ro o m , 2 b o th horn* in p rn ttig io u i 
O ak 
C ro o k . 
F eatu rin g w o o d b u m in g fire ­ p lac e, all electric k itch en , w a ll-to -w o ll ca rp etin g , electric g a ra g e d o e r o p e n e r a n d all brick co m tractio n . 
Only $48,5oo 
Call today 
OAK CREEK 
684-3112 

BREATHTAKING 
VIEW 
Lovely 2 bedroom, 2 bath con­ dominium near Medical Center. 
Custom drapes and carpet, equipped kitchen, washer ond dryer $31,5oo Nites, 656 758o. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
656-552o 691 1121 
341 9191 

FAMILY DELIGHT 

5-4-3 BEDROOMS! 
3 4 BATHS! 
$79,5oo TO $115,ooo! 
8’/?% INTEREST AVAIL! 
OAK VALLEY OAKCREEK NWI 
9 m o d e ls ope n d a ily , sp a c io u s , g ra c io u s livin g, o rg im a i d e sign s, will trade. Out V a n e * Jac kso n . I m ile from 41o 

ST IL L L O O K I N G ? 
• N « w 
Irick 
H o m t i o h 
A cr­ e ag e 
• I rB o th ta k in g V ie we 
• W o o d e d Sot** fo r PRI V A C f 
• 4 Choice Nov th Com m u nities 
(InckrtMof N e w traurtfels) 
• Low T a xe c M a k e e asy Pur­ chase Term s 
• 1 /o o So. Ft. liv in g • 2 Cur 
G a r a g e d 7, SOO 
• 16 8 o Sa. Ft. liv in g - 2 Car 
G o ro g e M 9 ,7 S o . 
S earch The H om e M a rk e t O v e r 
TH IN Call USI r 
• 
/> 
Swinney Co. 
/ le im 
492-1672 l u ll " ') 
658-o29o 
673-14o1 

MIKE 

WILL CONSIDER VA 
L o v e ly 2 S t o ry 3-2* z-2 in K ir b y . 
C onvenient lo b a se s a nd W in d so r 
P a rk 
M a ll 
O n ly *42,9*o 
Q uick p osse ssio n 
M o riie H orton 144 2141, S S I *934 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP tr r c 'f t i i m f t S f e V f i c s w i f T B m r r r n m n T S T C t ? 
P ro p e rty is lust a few m o nth s old a nd ow ner is leaving. Beautifully a p p o in t e d 3 b e d r o o m h o m e 
D r a p e d , la n d s c a p e d . G A R Y 
P O O L a nd n u m e ro u s e x tra s , like 
M ic ro w a v e o ven and auto g a ra g e 

 im m a c u la te p r o p e r t y B e lo w re ­ p lacem ent at SSS,OOO E q u ity con b e h a d f o r *1 1,ooo 
W O W " 
; 828 4143, e v e s 4SS-244o 

Cornelius & Associates 

KINDER 
596 833o 
BLDR. 

CASTLE HILLS 
L o v e ly hom e on o v e rs iie d c o rn e r lot M in t condition. 3 b e d ro o m s, 
2' j baths, la rg e fa m ily room with fir e p la c e 
S e p a r a t e liv in g a n d dining, ideal for fam ily or entertaining 
C A L L 494-5227 
A rm strong Co 

B IG 'N B E A U T I F U L 
4-2’ j-2. B ig c o u n try kitch en den, I 
P L U S 2nd f a m ily r o o m 
1 7 x 1 8 ' m a ste r b drm , B IG dress, w alk in. j 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 
B OT W 
O 
* '"A lm o st new hom e with a creek at the b ack of the lot! 
E n o r m o u s l i v in g a n d f a m il y ro o m s 
2ox1* kitch en with built-in a p p l i a n c e s ' 4 b e d r o o m s , 2 ’ i b aths P retty p atio ' 
*49,SOO. 
R E A L T O R S 
344 oo22 

Guy Chipman Co 
B O U G H T A N O T H E R H O U S E , 
___________________ w 
M o st Sell, m o ke a p p t, to see this door opener A m ost com plete a nd 
B eautiful 3-2-2, with la rge m aster, 
1 utility a nd p r iv a c y fence. M a k e offer on equity a n d a ssu m e 7 '*° » 
V A o r *37,SOO 481 o993 
B R A U N i t A t I o n 
3 2 2. /$ - b ric k hom e with 2o beautiful oaks, sp rin k le r sy ste m , fire p la ce , a nd la rg e fom ily ro om 434 2341 

RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 
WINDSOR SQUARE 
L o v e ly 1-2 h o m e . H u g e liv in g a re a . r a n g * , a ir , c a r p e t , o n d fenced *27,ooo new V A o r F H A 

BUDDY UECKER m 
7M l 
824 3893 
212 HOMES NOKTHWItST 

A A B A R G A I N 4 b e d r o o m s . 2 b a t h s , oft B a n d e r a R d . A p ­ plian ce s no dow n *2*o clo sin g 
696 7 4 7 o W A Y N E S L A T E R 344 o934 

KEY GROUP 

 l A i g F ' T m i g g g f a - sa T. n e : ' custom built hom e with option of S or 33 a c re s M in u te s H orn dow n 
•uwn San A ntonio Y wo fireplaces. 
3 'I bam s, cou ntry kitchen, barn, corrol. 2 stock fu nks 4*4-4211 
RED CARPET 
I 7 2, la rge I livin g area, electric k itc h e n , c a rp e t, t re e *, c u r v e d drive, *29,9oo 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494 7711 

I AHK’S NEST 
F o r lots OI fa m ily 4 ) 2, with all i h u b b y 'a V 'o n t h x o ld "1* y o u h o p e d tor 
F i r e p l o c e lo M y " 8 
" I * - ? ! ? ™ . . 

„ Guy Chipman Co 

NEAR WINDSOR PARK 
11 2 1, range, *7*o m onth 67*.149!, j*21 *72o. *74 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
J i l t , n e w c a r p e t a n d p a in t, j fe nced a n d c o v e re d patio, e v e s 
I 69o-993* K e e p try in g 
~ NEW LISTING 
P o p u la r B ro o k w o o d A r e a 
L o w e a u ity, q u ic k p o s s e s s io n 
I b e ­ d ro o m s. 2 b a th s, d en w itn firo- 
B e tte r 

 c a th e d ra l c e ilin g , p lu s p r iv a c y fence O w n e r w a n ts q u ic k sale 
N e a r M a d iso n 

828-4391 A n y t im e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R e a'to r N L lo o p ole 
I L A R K S P U R 

I 
824-2391 (A n y tim e ) 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S A u stin H w y Ole 

"* T f w T T < T i B g " 
4 3 2 , built in kitchen, fo rm a l dm 
1 m g a nd liv in g room s, la rg e fam ily 
.roo m with fireplace 21x11' patio, c o v e re d e n d sc re e n e d rn 
T u rb o 
I vents u nd gutte rin g 
N orth e a st 

 ii rn*Yht^ii *226 
Beanie Owens Co 

V e r y c le a n 4 droom , fo rm a l livin q u nd d in in g I Schools lo o m p lus fa m ily ro om with tire j aloe# E n t r y toyer, p riv a c y fence r e t r ig , c u s t o m d r a p e s . N E 
_____ 
„ ^ 
______ 
Scho o l; 
11o3o 
L a rk lu ir 
Low 4*3 8)3) Bill P a r k in * R lt > 6 * i *22* 
4 o * * * 1 * 2 1 1 
* n 6 b d w k i t o A n t o n ! i i . i 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ro ip e te d hom e, fenced yard, *21* 

B tl] ilA R P f T 
R O S S I R E A L T Y 
494-7781 

 n 
T T x r a r t n > L A i "■ W u , u . * ■ N g - s g s w T S " * * y a n g - 1 i be j liv in g a n d f a m ily a r e a * . I be- I d r o o m * , a ir. a p p lia n c e s . F i r s t droom s, 2 baths, w a lk in g d ista n ce i P a y m e n t A p ril lo e le m e n ta ry sch oo l 
E v e n in g s . I I M 9 * t * t E R R A R E A L T Y 2 4 M R S call C orn y 12* 47)4 
' 
..... 
S T O P T H C W A R with your Ion a 
P U I R I I F R lo rd 
E s c a la t in g re n t s ga t yo u n u n i l l U l u l u f in n m L l l 
• d o w n * F le x tai* t e r m s on th is I i * *to rv 4-2' * -I h om e w ith b ea u- b edroom red e co rated h om e 
MtuMv la n d sca p e d v o rd C lo se to 
IS 
Y O U R 
W I F E 
R U N N I N G m a lls a n d N E s c h o o ls 
F i r e 

Guy Chipman Co 

Practically New 
B v o w n e r l a r g e 2-2-2, u n d e r 
I tO m m u te s fr o m F t 
S a m , R a n ­ d o lp h a n d W in d s o r P a r k . L o w equity, 4*1-2o49 
P R E S T I G E L O C A T I O N 
D o n 't b o th e r u n le s s y o u w a n t lo ts of 
I ro o m 
It 's b ig g e r th a n it lo o k *. 
A lr e a d y h a s e v e r y t h in g o r v e r ­ satile livin g 
N o! ine xp en sive. 
124 6251 
S T E R L IN G B U R K E . R e a lto rs 
KEY GROUP 

PRICE REDUCED 
Beautiful 2 b ed roo m hom e in Ter- 
! rell Hills, central heat air. fre sh ly painted, ow ner a n x io u s W ill loos# with option to boy. *24,9oo 
C O M P A S S R E A L T Y 
494 14o) 494 2o!2 

QUICK OCCUPANCY 
O v o r 72oo so ft 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 't b ath o v e r s iz e d d o u b le g o r a g e 
U lt r a la n d s c a p in g 
H a s m a n y built ins, la rg e fire p la ce , c o v e r b ree ze w a y p o lio A g r e a t floor plan T h is is a b ric k beauty N ow on the m arket in o quiet H idden 
I Fo re st 
349 4143 or 349 1*3* A n ytim e 

R E A L T O R S B la n c a R d Otc 
R C A L t d t t 
'"'WI Ifa7 
EDYTHE B. COOPER 
RE' SureT) ii.ioo---------- 
I L ik e new b ig 4 bedroom . 2 bam . den, huge fireplace, on cut de soc and hill L a r g e co ve re d scree n ed patio witn built in B R Q N orth est 
Scho o ls O w ne r a n x io u s E a s y a s­ s u m p t io n 
C o n s id e r V A P H A . 
149 4*o1 122 1*41 

A BARGAIN 
E o s v a ssu m p tio n on this 3-3-7 in 
F o r e st H ills N o rth sid e sc h o o l*. built in kitch en , 13oo sa ft Jo h n 
G ra y, 69* *33o 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
A B C , U s f f W A 't i l M P l E • O n ,.' you see this hom e in this a rv o 3 
' b e d ro o m s . 2 b o th *. Iir o p la c e d single livin g a re a C o v e re d patio, j m u ch m ore 
RED CARPET 
142 311) 
R E A L T O R S 
*44 *o77 
A H it O F H E A V I N , liv in g in this c h a r m in g b r ic k h o rn * in P A R K 
I F O R E S T . W e ll la n d s c a p e d a n d i m m a c u l a t e ! 
4 B e d r o o m s , J baths, fo rm a l liv in g .d in in g , tiro- p la c e d d en, s u n s h in e k it c h e n . m a ny deluxe fe ature s 
O nly 
**?,*O o 
RED CARPET 
I 147 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
442-2742 
A C R E A G E with City L iv in g ' Th# 
I best of bath c o m a s with this lovely 
{4 b e d ro o m , 3 b a th h o m o . T h is fa m ily re tre a t in c lu d e s a pool, b ath ho use a n d ro om for h o r s t s 
C h u r c h ill H ig h Sc h o o l D istric t. 
O w n e r f in a n c in g . C a ll T o d a y ! 
I 824-o121 A N Y T IM E . 

R O 
S P R K L I N E 
M C A L f O R S *o Y e a r s of T R U S T 

A JEWEL j Just listed in Se ne ca Estates, Th is 
I 3 b ed roo m hom e Is located on a e arn er lot in L e a n V alley Sp ecia l fe atu re s in c lu d e p r iv a c y la n ce d ya rd , la rg e p atio, fa m ily ro a m w ith f ir e p la c e a n d c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g a n d m u c h , m u c h m o rt, 
Cat! to today tor an appointm ent 
o84-433o 344 63o7 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 

BRICKS'N’ DREAMS 
'N’ FAMILY DAMS 
M e d ie v a l custo m -bu ilt with fo u n ­ tain entry F o rm o l living, fo rm al d in in g a n d la r g e b e o m e d fire - placed den. L a rg e riv a le m a ste r w ith fire p la c e . L a r g e d r e s s in g a re a a nd bath *62,oo4 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
*99 92o1 
B U L V i b O E H IL L S 
B e a u tifu l 4-2-2 w ith 25x19 sin g le liv in g a re a o n d f ir e p la c e on * a e ro * H o rse s w elcom e C all right a w ay 
H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 
B ric k n c e d ar 3-2-2 on h uge oak st u d d e d lot w ith 7 o x1 6 f a m ily room . fireplace, fo rm al liv in g a nd d in in g and la rge scree n ed porch. 
O nly *48.9oo See now 
O n ly *44, STO b u y s th is S O S b r ic k 3-2 ? w ith w o o d b u r n in g f ir e p la c e in B u l ­ ve rd e H ills on o v o r I acre, e a sy term *. Call 
494-4471 
N I T E S 4*4 4189 
Century 21 
W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 

CANTLE HILLS 
E le g a n t 2-story m a nsion, app rox. 
7ooo sa tt. $ b ed roo m s, 4' j both s p lu s q u a r t e r s . 3 f ir e p l a c e ; 
*299,ooo. C oll Annette 
Van Buren & Assoc 
484 717) 
344-1o89 
344-7122 
Castle (Tills 
L a rg e 4 B e d ro o m s 2' iB a th s. p lu s j s e p a r a t e g a m e r o o m in q t r s . 
H e a te d th e rm a l pool a n d m a n y I e xtras. *74,SOO. B y appt. Jo A n n I 
Sp ea rs, B ro k e r O w n e r 342 o22*. r a m E - P A b k -------------- 
C O L O N I A L . L a r g e * b e d r o o m b rick 2-story. Se p a rate liv in g a nd I d in in g ro o m s, p lu s fa m ily ro om j w ith f ir e p la c e . 
S W I M M I N G ' 
P O O L ! **9,9oo 
R E A L T O R 
*9113oo 
Century 21 
E L A I N E L U D W IG A A SSO C . 

CATCH HER 
In this c irc u la r den W ine h er in : i the liv in g room , d in e h er In the ! la rg e cou ntry kitchen. N uzzle her | by the ro ck fire p la ce , sh o w h e r i i the w a tch to w e r h id e a w a y . 3 b e-! d roo m s. 2 baths, o nd m a ke your own h ap p y o n d in gi (A sk tor D o n I 
> J u a n ) 
I S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 1 i C M U ’tfifW I l L E S T A T E S 
U O O sa. ft of C o n te m p o ra ry g la m o r! A fa b u lo u s h o m e w ith a s u n k e n , j te rra z zo filed liv in g ro o m 24x2o, a triu m , p a r ly - s ile d in in g ro o m a n d a fa m ily ro o m w ith w a ln u t paneling, wet b a r a n d fire p la ce ! 3 b edroom s, q ua rte rs, 3 baths. 
*92.3oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494^o11 i 

E X E C U T IV E B E A U T Y 
L o c a t e d on h ig h c o r n e r , n e a r 
U S A A and M ed ica l Center. One of the c ity 's fin e sl hom es. 4,J, o r 6 b edroom s, office, h uge den, lovely heated poof 3 ' j baths, e xtra s in e v e ry corner. O w ne r le a vin g U.S. 
M u st sell! P ric e d al only *13S,ooo 
L U X U R Y G A R D E N H O M E 
O ve r 22oo sq. It of beauty. N e a r 
U S A A . 4-2-7, fireplace, la rge den a n d liv in g L o a d e d w ith e x tra s. 
P ric e d for q uick sale. 
O A K H IL L S 
P re stig e a re a L o v e ly 3-2-2, den and living, cove red patio, garden. 
B ig lot. M id *4o's, will trade. 
Century 21 

W h itehead-H oliday 
684-3711 
R E A L T O R S 

E X E C U T IV E L IV I N G B ea utifu l like new sp lit le ve l in H I D D E N 
F O R E S T . V ersatile a rra n g e m e n t 
4 B e d r o o m s ( o r 3 w ith la r g e ga m ero om ). 2 'z baths. G o rg e o u s dual fireplace d iv id e s fo rm al and inform al livin g a re as. Built-In kit­ chen. H u ge m a ste r b ed room with d r e s s i n g a r o o o n d p a t io . S e e 
T o d a y ' 494-7651 A N Y IM E . 
ROSOW 6 KUNE 
R E A L T O R S - 5 o Y e a r s ot T R U S T 
E X P A N D I N G f a m ily ? T r y th is S b e d ro o m h o m e fo r siz e ! 
Living, din in g a nd fam ily room s- 
...built-in kitchen! 
*45,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494-7771 

HONEY HIU 

GARDEN 

W 
HOMES 

S a u n d e rs ft T rfa sch m a n n 

3 bedroom , low main­ tenance home 
• 
6 4 1 2 
H O N E Y H ILL. Immediate occupancy. 
Holm es high- 
Pat 
N eff Jr. 
High. 
Take 
Evers Rd. exit off N .W . 
Loop and follow signs to 
H O N E Y 
H IL L 
G A R D E N 
H O M E S . 
6 8 4 - 9 o o 9 

Guy Chipman Co 

F I R E P L A C E O L I V I N G A R E A w indow seats a nd a lm o st new a p ­ p lian ce s m ake this hom e lovable ond livable! I b ed roo m s, 2 baths. 
Patio! 
*33,2*o. 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

Describes this Forest Ooks home, with illuminated fireplore in den, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, electric kitchen, 
Saltillo tile entry, cathedral ceilings 
Priced right! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

LOVELY HOME ON A HILL 
J 3*I ’ i - 1, c e n tra l h e a l *19o mo. 
1 67S-1491. 474 1777, 623-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

M A K E 
M I N E 
C O U N T R Y ! 
Y o u r'*, too, ond this 3 b ed roo m 2 b ath B R I C K h o m e on 17 a c r e s c o m p le te w ith tin k lin g , c r y s t a l clear creek. 681-o66o 
BED CARPET 

M e a d o w V illa ge 1.1-2-2. by ow ner. 
474-4*35 
HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
F ir s t tim e on the m a rk e t ..* b e ­ droom s, I bath one sto ry hom e on two acres. It’s lu x u ry thro ugh out with b ig c o v e re d patio, m a rb le tubs and so m o n y tine features 
C all 349-1436 A n ytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C , R E A L T O R S 

FIRST OFFERING 
D R E A M L A N D O A K S 
E le g a n t b ric k h om e rn se c lu d e d neighborhood. 4 bedroom , 2 bath plus 27 X 13 g a rd e n ro om E x c e l­ lent condition. 822 *228, 128 *471 
Strouder Nelson Realty 
F O R E S T G L E N . 3-2-2, 7*°o brick hom e with carp etin g throughout, form at din in g area, fa m ily room , p r iv a c y fe n c e d , a n d c a t h e d ra l c o ilin g in liv in g ro o m , a n d a p ­ pliances. 434 2141. 
RED CARPET 
. __________ R E A L T O R S 
F O R E S T O A K S 
W a lk t h r o u g h c o u r t y a r d in to lo v e ly 3-2-2. L u x u r io u s c a rp e t, fire p la ce , fo rm a l d in in g , b re a k fast a re a in kitchen, split b ed roo m plan Su rro u n d e d bv o a k s D o n 't m iss! M id *4o $. 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
681 o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

Guy Chipman Co 

Ctiurciiiil Hi 

HILLVIEW ARFA 
C h a r m in g 2 s t o r y in A la m o 
H e ig h t s S c h o o ls 
4 la r g e b e ­ d room s, su n ke n den with D 'H a n is tile and fireplace, se p ara te din in g ro om , b e a u tifu l k id n e y sh a p e d pool. Low 7o's. 
826-o6o6 
R E A L T O R S 
822 1646 
S U E W E E M S & A SSO C . 
KEY GROUP 

H O L L Y W O O D P A R K 
3-2-2 
B r i c k 
C o n t e m p o r a r y . 
B eom ed ceilings, fireplace. 
U nique! 
122 1223, 824 7334 
Dixie Rose. Realtor 

M E D I C A L C O M P L E X a nd sc h o o ls d o s e to this cute 4 y e a r s old 4-2. w ith all e x t r a s ! . 
F u lly c a r p e t e d , h ig h lo c a t io n . 
O nly *34,5oo 
B IG 2 S T O R Y 
With huge oak trees, 4-2-2, liv in g a n d d e n 
N e w p a in t. C lo s e to schools, low interest. $17,7oo. 
C A N T E R F I E L D 
P o p u la r a r e a n e a r M e d i c a l 
Center. L a r g e ta lly c a rp e te d 3 bedroom , 2 bath, b ig den ond p la y room. C ove re d patio A lso la rge 4 bedroom . Both in m id-*3o’s G ood term s. 
Century 21 

W hiteheod -H olid av 
684 3711 
R E A L T O R S 

16 M I L E S W E S T , all b rick, I be droom with central heol ond air. brick sto rage house 12x2o, double detached g a ra q e w ith w o rksh op , 6 la rge pecons. H u g e go rd e n with irr ig a tio n sy ste m 
A ll th is on 6 tenths of an a cre M e d in a V alle y sch ools Low M e d in a Co taxes. 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
974 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
1 4 6 )5 *9 7 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
L a r g e 4 b e d r o o m , 7 '> b a t h s , b ea u tifu l c o r n e r lot c o m p le te ly p riv a cy fenced, fa m ily ro o m with fireplace P ric e d to sell at *7o.9oo 
Niles, 6*5-7383. 
494 7711 
D O N J O H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

E n c h a n te d fo re st, 3-2' j se w in g room , 197o Sa Ft., p lu s patio, fire p la c e a b o v e a r o u n d pool, low 
SO ; 341-8o*2 aft 6pm. 

 i» l u u x n i m x u n n i n u 
- ■ - *- m c 
«« 
.» 
»». 
. or u 
A R O U N D lo o king tor a I b ed roo m f 'o c e . p r iv a c y 'o n c e , w a te r so l 
M B f l R d n O l l B V R B d fto hom e al a a rite you can a ffo rd ? toner, sto ra g e shed O u tsta n d in g 
.....— 
-” W I hom e at a p rice you c a n afford 
Sh o w h e r th is o ld e r h o m e c o n v e n ie n l to F t 
S a m H o u s t o n 
E v e n in g s, call C u rt S J I 7*77 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L Tt t S lT iiO 

•LIVE OAK® 
4 B E D R O O M S 
L a r g e 2 s t o r y w ith b e a u t if u l g r o u n d s . G R E A T F O R V O U K 
F A M I L Y 
O n ly *37 9oo o n d we ll trode 344 3471, N ile s 341 19o1 
B O R B R E N N E R R F A L TOW S 

~ UVE OAK 
F ir s t o tte rin g A s s u m e or re lin o n c e t h is 3 I I h o m e p r is e d in m id 
7o * 
C e n t r a l o ir - h e o t , fenced close lo alem R E A L T O R 
494 19*1 

♦ i i / , c a rp e l p riv a c y fence 

Century 21 
C U O Q y ^g l a s c o c k 

LIVE OAK VILLAGE 
117 3* S A N D P I P E R , lik e n ew , 
3 2 2, la r g e t e r m ly r o o m h r - eelact, la t h e d 'a i ceilings, fenced yard. c o v e re d patio O w n e r anx 
Kills. E q u ity a n d a ssu m e /“« leon 
NIBLOCK REALTY 553 1873 

LOOK AT ME!! 
DettghHul i b ed roo m in Cam elot ll with so m o n y e xtras, we c o n t list th e m att 
S u p e r fir e p la c e • super p rice Just listed a nd wen t tost 

8 2 1 43 91 A n y ti m e 
Beanie Owens Co ia g t t o r N S i non etc 

 toner, sto roo e shed O u tsta n d in g 
) condition 
O nly 
144,9oo 
Niles. 
6*4o174 
871 I t l l 
D O N J O H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 
NORTHERN HILLS 
141o7 Sm o ke y W ay 3 2 2 S IJ 4oo 
*41*8 Sm o ke y W a y 3-2-2 *3J 8oo 
1411* Sm o ke y W oy I slot y 4 2 7 
*34 4*o 
C O M P A R E T H IS Q U A L IT Y 
CALLAHAN KOMES INC. 
. 4*6 CX4X 
817 111* 

NORTHWOOD AREA f i r s t o i f e r i n g 
A ssu m e goad 8 i N loan on this J bedroom , 2 bath hom e D e n with 
'•replace, new carpeting, a gre at 
I buy m law 3o * l l * o*o4 
R E A L T O R S 
826-19*4 
S U E W E E M S A A S S O C 

SS REDUCED SS 
O w ne r h a s red u ce d p rice a lm o st 
$7ooo Ho m u st leave the city This 
•s a super buy in San P e d ro H ills of o like a new hom e 3 -I-t with fireplace and m u ch m e re 
N ew 
144*oo 
H 4 4343 a r 349-3*3* A n ytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S B la n c a I d Otc 

R E A L T O R S B a n d e ra R d Ofc 
A mY r & L f! E k l f R V. T r e n t k d o o rs o n d a M a n s a r d root set the them e of this lovely, white b rick hom e in W h ixp rm a O a k * 1 Su n k e n liv in g ro o m , s k y lig h t g d d in in g ro o m , a P a n e le d d a n a n d 4 ba e-p - x -j r t i E g y ; ;---------------- — r d r o o m s . s t u d y a n d s o w in g j 
O W H 1 N . J - l- l. n e w p o in t room ..plus a healed pool. g r a n d ) O Fivaw o“ 

BUY A CORNER LOT 
Im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b oth hom e with fam ily ro om and lo rge tree shaded b a c k y a rd located in popular N orth w e st section 
R E A L T O R 
C all 349-4373 

 homeowner 
M A R K E T I N G S E R V IC E 
B y ow ner r i n k Iou s ' T ra n ife rre d m u st sell N O W R e d u ce d *44*o 4 b e d ro o m *. 3 b a th * T w in C re e k j *38 *oo *312 m o 481 122o__________I 
I B Y O W N E R . A s s u m e J \ , 3-2 2. j c lo s* to schools, sh o p p in g U nder 
838.888 484 1997 
| 

B y O w n e r, i b e d ro o m . / o ath , I d o u b le g a r a g e , B r a u n S t a t io n j 
' W est, low e q u ity. 484-JIO S wee- I 
I k e n d s o r att 6.______________________ 1 
B V O W N E R , i- bedroom , I cTJtlT 
I la rge den. sin gle ga rage , co ve re d p a tio . cent, h e a t- a ir . r e c e n t ly r e m o d e le d . 
O n 
C r a i g m o n t b etw e en B ia n c o a n d W a st A ve . 
N orth ea st S c h o o l* P ric e reduced 
I lo $27,9oo tor b uick s o la ' 341 *722 or 341 6731 
B Y O w f iB R i T T 
V i c k . c o zy d en, liv in g ro o m , la r g e t r e e s. I c e n tra l o ir-he o t, p r iv a c y fence. 
C h u r c h i ll E is e n h o w e r o r e a 
*33.9oo 1o24 M I. Capote 341 93o1, 
I 341-43o9 
B Y - S W U fc W . - h 6 U V » 6 6 b 
I P A R K . L u x u r io u s ly fin ish e d . 4 b e d ro o m J ’ j b oth s, pool, la r g o : 
■iOt *14.9*o 494 * 149 

CLOSE T O R SAM 
E x t r a la r g e 2 b e d r o o m h o m o ,- j fr e s h ly p a in te d in sid e a n d out 
O v e r s iz e d g a r a g e o n d fe n c e d y a r d 
*14.SO O 
R o b e r t a W h ite 
*33 7163, n ile * 333 17*3 
B O B JO S, R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 

C.M. FURR CO. 
Sp ecia lizin g N o rth sid e 733 7)41 
C O L O N IA L O A K S C h a r m ot an | tiqoe b rick, leaded w indow s, t u g * fam ily room , invite s g ra c io u s liv m g in t h is 4 b e d r o o m , 2 b a th hom e. O v e r 216o sq ti **4,ooo 

342 J il l RED CARPEl 
R E A L T O R S 
344 *227 

F O R E S T O A K S E S T A T E S 
Su nken H ying a re a h a s fireplace. ra ise d se p arate dining, b re a k lo sl room , 3 b ed roo m s, all m a so n ry , i a nd o r $4o,ooo. A sk for Beth Tate 
341-9144 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

GARDEN KITCHEN 
In th is D o ll h o u se in B a b c o c k 
N orth. J b ed roo m s, 2 b o th * with c on tro l heat o n d a ir N S I S O 
W alk to Boone E ie m e n try School 
A s s a m * or retm onco. *28,9oo 

344-42o7, 484-433o Anytim e 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S N W ast Otc 

GERONIMO FOREST 
L a rg e 3 bedroom . 3 bath, at! b ric k hom o on o co rn e r lot o v e r on a cre in size with m o n y beautiful trees 
L o v e ly c ath e d ra l b e a m e d fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p la c e O v e r-s iz e d double g a ro g e M a n y e xtras. Fo r details and v t *wing, coll 342-411$ 
4 N V T IM F 

WORLDWIDE REALTY 

INDOOR OUTDOOR 
Inside - J bed room s, 2 boths, liv ­ in g d in in g , fa m ily ro o m a n d o targe kitchen a nd b re a kfa st area 
O U T D O O R S • O v e r 'j acre, 2ox14 covered patio, la rge g a rd e n and a m illion dollar view. **9,9oo O nly the quick will get this one. Coll now! 
734 4426 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S-Je H e rso n Otc 

I N S P IR A T IO N H IL L S 
O v e r lo o k i n g c it y , la r g e 3 b e -, ... . . . . droom , J bath, liv in g o nd d in in g | room , den, b re a k fa st a re a , cen trot heat-oir. L o rg e fenced ya rd convenient location to e ve ryth in g 
*42,SOO C all 73* 1232 
JeM e rso n A rea, B y O w ne r, J be droom , 2 bath, sp a cio u s liv in g and d ining area, la rge kitchen, gre at! 3 bedroom , 2 bath, d oub t* go rage 

• MINUTES TO UTSA® 
M e d ic a l C o m p le x . U S A A , L a c k ­ land, Kelly. O n a Inh e res! with a p a n o r a m ic 
V I E W . 
I n v i t i n g ram b ler, 3-2-2, den (2 4 X 1 *). F P . h ig h b e a m e d c e ilin g 
S e p a r a t e d in in g ro o m . E le c t r ic Ih r u o u t 
O ak 
H ills 
T e rra ce . 
*44,SOO 
876 2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 

M O V E U P into this B R IC K 3 be droom , 2 bath custom hom e nea r 
M e d Center. L a rge , sin gle liv in g a re a dom in ated by b re a th ta k in g 
F I R E P L A C E . L ow 4o S F H A V A or a ssu m e *787 m o 481 o64o 
RED CARPEl 

NATURE'S GRANDI UR is o n ly p o rt ot this h a n d so m e 4 bedroom . J both, firo p io ce d farm ly ro om p lu s fo rm a l liv in g a n d dining. O n 7 A C R E M O U N T A I N ­ 
T O P . IS min. lo M e d Center. 
-O N L Y S49,o o o - 
A sk F o r V ic k i L a n e 
N IT E S 871 3*9) 
W o lk tr J B o rn e b e y R E A L T O R S 
N E A R B U S , N o p a y m e n ts until 
M a y C uleb ro P a rk 
N ice J - I'i - I. 
$22* down, *18* m onthly 
J A J R E A L T Y 674 8883 A n ytim e 

N E A R M A C A R T H U R H I 

 n -igh h u rh o o d 73* 1844 
J E F F E R S O N A R E A 
O lder J b ed roo m hom e, carpeted, ra n g *, la rge dan, In d sco p ad yard. 
Re du ced price. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y *73 MO) 
J E F F E R S O N A R E A . A c r o s s street fro m h ig h sch ool. 2 sto ry 

 ce n tra l h e a l a ir, p r iv a c y ton e *, n ic e o a k tree. n e w c a rp e t a n d p aint. L ik e new. A ll f in a n c in g a v a ila b le . 
C a ll c o lle c t 
*17-438-7)7o Joe K ohutek 
N E E D A * B E D R O O M 3 b a t h hom e on 8 a c re s with *271 sa tt ? 
Then this hom e is tor you. com - ro cto'w V iriio gd T •m o d o im g* C ould j p l, l# * ' ,h |'f * p !o c * o n d lo m iiy 

M u ch M o re ! 414 2141. 
RED CARPEl 
R E A L T O R S 

NEW LISTING 

 p ah o i 
*89 *oo 
R E A L T O R S 
*9*4 8 1 1 

I , — 

PINK BRICK 

MW Y MON! 
N Z W L IS T IN G 
Lovely custom heme on corner has sggcs and churm lerugm gd with n y»><o.iii* le v u g h dining living, tgn>.ity with tit voter* CZJ, new n *u h J goal in Undutiful eel ting 124 4*71 

 split level hom e F ire p la c e . both hying room and family room. 
2 n«tiiooin; and large covered sun porch en I tovtH I bedroom und sitting roam en tower level 
Alam o 
Hgts 
Schools im . sad 
124 4*71 

Nelson Cory. REALTORS 
I o n ‘f n i n n l f l T i t r n r c e n tra l h e a l a ir, ra n g e , d ish 
• u n iv cgvei ad p o ' m inter cum * 
• N e ttlin g dow n 
V A 
$13 
C h a rle s W atts R e a l S sla te , tit t m , /j ] sit*, n e n o o 
- x r r m m m n s 
* iMNlfMMMIr I tMJta 4#ft, In pf Mill til* U»t l: r® a w n al#c9f«C Iii en*#*; 

■ f f V K - H B f l l i 
A ro m nr charm ing courtyard enter this bedroom, I bath that otters ever extro Intercom, brick hoar, tire place, double evens end m uch more Assum e tow equity en VA 
(van 342 8211 A N Y T IM E 

M 
M 
M 
! 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
This very attractive 4 1 'i t has plenty at elbow roam watt to well cat Palm a a fire p lace and in 
Churchill District These are Eat a tow features Just SS* 8*o Nile*. 
*94 38*8 
828 8241 
DO N JO H NSO N. R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP_ 
SMORGAS BURO 
Sem tthm g tar everyone' * huge bedroom s I baths, ti replace and fam ily loom with built in woad 
Ode, tor m oi dining, g ig * taig a breaklosl ore * with built ms and b a y w indow , s a v o r e d patio, 
Priced at Ml.SOd artal S II 8*97 

IV, semi lur melted $15,7*o. 
Ask tor Sally, 73* 8111 large yard i V " 6 W H I C Tlorfasid . Tchools 
J I 11 with den, utility ream, gor- bo g e d isp o sa l, stove, c e n tra l neat a ir *147* equity ond ossum e 
No Agents, 337-4413 
------------i T SWtifeft------------ 
O ak M eadow , beautiful, lorge, 
I story 4-J-l, I ye a r ald hom e, 
C o rn e r let, e x tra * galore, im ­ maculate, 7 S N Loan, no eccotor- 
Olton Only *41,9o* 492 7924 
S T 
6 * A i l ! 
T 3 W U V I1 W 
E S T A T E S 
3 bedroom I bath, dining room. large fam ily roam , fireplace, I c a r e a ra g e , on Cut D o Sa c 
~ iV N O T E I Year eld. *81 3381 
O f H4-4884 _____________ dreams, I ', bath. central heal-air. I I V A U V N Ii to w n y raw Estate slav*. r*frie *ra io r dishw asher 1 
A s s u m e 
7 % 
C a ll 
L o re * fenced yard Sm all caste* *44 *7o* wed vs 484-8*91 wends assumption 
$24* gar mo 
Will 
..... ........... 

Guy Chipman Co 
APpfcx-T 'AgVt-' in 6o(i Village 
N orth is th * site of this N E W 
- I" ". o ' h e m *' Plush carpeting 
•hrueut th* livin g dining ream wolnul paneled family roam with 
•aaplace, ail 4 bedroom s 
I *68,IOO 
R E A L T O R S 
49* 4811 

I Guy Chipman Co ? 

»• 
B A t f f r ^ U a t T M lovely I bv 
• 

COLONIES NORTH 
Custom built, booutitul drap es and carpet, 4 large bedrooms, 3 { luxury baths, t fireplaces, central heal air. 
Call 
824-4*71, nile* j 
474 o/44 
Turner Realty 

COLONIES NORTH 
P riced to sell This im p re ssive 
3 -1 2 L iv in g ro o m , dan, a n d beautiful garden room. *45. iou 
494 374* 
Ten Bdftey Real Estate 
C O M F O R T A B L E L IV IN G and lavish entertaining M odernistic motif tor ultimate privacy Patio hom es designed tor oil seasons 
Panoram ic view al no titre casts to you 824 43*1 
: 
S T E R L IN G B U R K E . Realtors 
KEY GROUP 
C O N V E N IE N T U T S A H O S P '- ! 
I T A l s 3-2-1-. a p p lia n c e s, tire-1 
I bloc* No dawn, stoa ciu;"ig 
! 49* 7429WAVN E S L A T E R # ** 4 )*V 
COUNTRY LIVING j I b e d ro o m s. I b a th s. F re n c h 
I style, country setting on % acre i Energy saving design, single tty 
; mg area witn large fireplace Mid 
SW S 49* 3*41 
! 
D A L E R IL E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

G ET O U T O F T O W N ' 
Everyone loves th* country, ond . this is your chanco to own an ex­ ceptional 3-2-2 home on 2 acres with extra 3 cor gaiae*, eorden and fruit trees A good buy at! 
S/9.ooo, conventional 
O A K S 
N O R T H 
M O B IL E 
E S T A T E S 
L a ra e 3 2 m o b il* w ith all ae a lie n e e s on n e a rly an a c re t 
Fenced, lots of trees, plus I star I ope building. 
Only 
$14,9oo. conveniinal 
C O L O N IE S S U M M IT 
Single living areak. 3 3 2 with spirt b e d ro o m a r ra n g e m e n t O n ly I 
$37,*88. assum e conventional 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L ID A Y 
34^711* 
R E A L T O R S 

G R A N D C H A M P 
Oft Vance lockson. this excellent I bedroom . 2 full baths, paneled don -only t il, *8 o Open term s 
Oon't h*sitoi#-CaH es* 1334 
RED CARPEl 

GRASS VALLEY ARU 
B v owner, 1-2-2. heat-air, fully carpeted *84 29o8 

HANDYMAN'S oELI6HT 
2 tora# bedrooms, living urea plus dining, tiroptoc* on alm ost I acre 
Roam for garden 824 4*71. nites 
478-o/44 

 be 8 bedrooms, 34oo sa ti. home ' ro o 7’' P°o1 ro ®n’; *o m e ro o or 4 unit apl Priced to sell, can ho.r»* a" “ now. 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924-433) 
R E A L T O R S 
423 3979 

JEFFERSON AA 
‘L o lsa R o o m ' in th is b ig 4 be­ d room , 3 bath hom e on la rg e corner lot. Form ol living room, separate dining room, den with fireplace. Shewn anytime 
Lillian WoolSBV 735-6876 
J E F F E R S O N 
Spacious 2 bedroom. 2 bath and family room W alking distance to 
Jet! Village 2 car ga ro ge with furnished efficiency apartm ent 
733-7141, 73S-S»SO. 344 1*33. 
C.M. FURR CO 

ICON VAHEY AREA 
3 bedroom. 2 bath, large master, privacy fence and built-in kitchen 
Only *3,1*o equity ond assum e 7 loan 6&4 ??Q6 
C E N T U R Y 21 Schneider Really 
L E O N V A L L E Y A R E A 
Lovely custom built home, 4-2-7 
Beautiful back yard, with large covered patio All brick Priced low *4o s. We hove J more. 4 droom homes in this area 

In popular Forest Ooks. Conven­ ient to M ed ical Center and Sw 
Research C harm ing 3 bedroom. b ric k hom e w ith th * p o p u la r 
O P E N type living room-den with fireplace This is a m ust see , it $ so pretty Low 4o's. 344 1348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M L S ________ 
NEW LISTING 
T R E E S ! T R E E S ' T R E E S ' in 
O L O 
H O L L Y W O O D 
P A R K 
Charm ing I bedroom, J bath stone nom*. SSI 9oo 
C A L L 494-5227 
A r m s t r o n g C o 
N EW TO M A R K E T 
3-2-2 Has had TUC. Living dining 
[ c o m b in a tio n , fa m ily ro o m , 
| covered patio, sprinkler system 
I Priced to sell' $34,SOO 
IWB j is Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D -H O L L IO A Y 

“ J J M r e a l t o r s 

R E A t TORS 

 ruer tot I story l l ) 184 it Beat aetat* sa* u l t 

Century 21 
DRI n i i d V tQ n o ] n B a H u lS m o n e t s a v e r * e c a l t v 

B C A U Y IF U L T I W T B t o r i 
4*se G r a c e A r n o l d ll age 
" C A I TO ES M I S m n t u i l i r ---------- 
AH tan k 4 bad*earn, I bgto pie 
H y in g ro a m a n d id > g a da* 
. . . . . . 
» 
— 
-- 

 t e r m A i k e n t o * W * i s h a m * an M i g * tot M a n i 
I < I H O O ; * 
I 
I H M P A R P f T many ••!•*• " M i l l h l w w m u i i fam ily tm 

U M C W . m u m 

Mf AflOW « 
W H It) 
VU!Ode * Irtdrvw n 
I tiling ar h ia gta t* pimas! now tern tot tan*ad n o r t m 
E a sy assent#. 

.* 

 m aterial* und expart w orkm an s h * * m e re c o r n b in * * iii Ib is SO t sa r at* hom e rn Terrell H ills 
O ve r sot# 8 * it 
(g e r city ig t 
■VI WI dc I al teeary H ung 4 (SHM 
■ar u n aadiearns I b ra a ta ;es, 
'lim e y *' s ilt form al dining u p 
■luted and m odern as 'e rn e " aw if * fe n a n t T im e 
■ 

H B M * in p r n s iig ia e s w N O C n i s i 
Se p a ra te fa u n a ! and .n*arm al u sin g dining drags p lu s stud y t a d 34 ra c ra g lig n teem I a i l b ar*. Hr aplace. 4 l e d 'l i n t 
I ’ i b a th *, stb c e g * t a t a r * B e ta fite ! s p u n k i e r * * ground* bt* ait! A N Y I I M I 

B O B O aP A O LO 
R E A L T O R 

. 
CHARIER OAKS rn y i i s t T im e o n m a r k e t im pressive apart ii.m g area with 
In aplace, this J bedroom bom * bas a tarp* kitchen, with built in ra n g*, doubt* ava*, end trash com pacter, custom drap es pit ca rp e te d , I d e c o ra to r b etb s, roe tad patio P L U S a banus ream tar b a b b y s a r a ttic * A sk tar 
O L IV E E t lZ B L L B tot 7181. nrtas 
*9474*4 R E A L T O R 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

Eaautlfglty landscaped 1-1 with rack front an cot de-epa ear e g* c * n y * rf*d ta Pan with te a rs in tack. tab carpet appl, <4x17 tar pa master kwdrawm. central air beal. tora* yard and palte w in caver pius star a p * shad an canc rata stad E Y O W N E S N O A G E N T S 
4/11971 

 r a u T iP u i T i i T r r c r t M K salting an ibis aute! cat-dp 
Poi tai I tar tamdy ai 'anted dr aam I aw n wife doable ga, a n t b ra g ite * I apar a l* ma star a t * r g e m w i n d ear I * a t t ' 
494 t n t I A N Y T I M I ) 

C A R E F R E E L IV IN G at its finest 
Custom 3 bcd, nom ear don homo ta M is s ten T race J D e corator baths P op u lar ana liv in g are g ' end form al d in in g Im m e d ia te I possession 
$7$ SOO 
342 Jiff 
A N Y T IM E 

EH T H UIL Li---------- 
Att brick, 4 td> OO rn J balk. plus 
(tvtn p ro o m e n d la r g e dan builders horn* on tarp* lot M any, m any extras. TM b iti 

FAMILY REALTY 

CASTU HILLS TERRACE 
C u sto m built a n d p r a s lig io u s n e ie h b e r head fo rm a l liv in g i aam separate dining ream, baga dan w ith fire p la c e 
I tar ga tadfwtm s wrtb walk in ctowrts A l l * 14 ft am to re ream (play 9x12 wark ar nobby thee I 
147,888 
144 *344 

KEY GROUP 
Turner Realty 

C U L -O E -S A C bam *, bv awner, j 
$14,148, l l, converted ca rp e r' skvfigbt. aor den tree*, carpet. central heat and air, 8118 Robin 
Hill 341 p m 
| 

OON'T BRING MONEY b rin * your Point b ru sh ’ No dawn p a y m e n t ie a n y o n e ! ) 4 b e ­ drooms. 3 beths, sam * with air ond oil oppi'oncvs Paym ents tass than ran i1 
E O S D a P A O LO 
M 4189! 
R E A L T O R 

ENCHANTED FOREST beautiful 4 bedraam b am * with cir tatar staircase Separate din in*, t baths and a powder ream 
L a r g a d a n m a n y o a k tre e s 
341 77o1 dites 347 88)9 A sk tar 
V IR G IN IA N IE N D O R F * 
JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

53,ooo EQUITY 
F 'replated Single living grog pius tar m g! d in in g ream . n r iy g t v 
•anc* and efiMy loom All tai amy 
$38 SM o*4 ’ 144 

 y j 
. a i y i t 
. f i - ■ i i * i. e v e r y t h in g l a r g e 
• ic t d i a n c # ’ H a g * livin g ana tamdv ream s $ gad* aam I e e l* eta*# ta a va' lin in g OH San Pa ir a M M ta t N it*! M I 84*4 
Century 21 
H A P I t l l # M I I S I! Any bm * 

H A R M O N Y H IL L S N E lS D 3 7-7, 
By awner. $4584 dawn, SIF ,58o. will nag* terms Shown bv appt 
Man Tues 8-5 M i 2534, C A L L far 
Dr Merritt oft ». ll ? S IH 

HARMONYHILLS 
4 bedroom. 2 bath, a cro ss tram elem entary sch o o l 
P a n e ana 
POO! Owner urn to us to sell 
G R A C E L A IR Q 7164211 714-88#/ 

H A R M O N Y H IL L S 
Y r * * cove red e arner. 18-1, den, h r t a m e *, art c o re e t a d c e n tra l: air heat. 
$19,988 
M4-888I 
Ne 
Adapts. 
| 
HECK OF A BUY! 
In L e * H ig h A r a # 
T h is J ga l dream. 2 bath bem a wrtb sin gle a or a a * it ap e r a u c a A T O N L Y 
111, 188 a ne the owner hut teiec lenity aer te d to give bit baas* away el mg! p rice 
Md IS IS ar MT Silt. anytime 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L I Q I I L f ch bm lam ia pie 
HEEP BIG IEE PEE 
Plenty at team tar y e a r tittie 
•adight 
MI tars 4 bedroom I 336 sa N tam »tor y name wrtb master aorta dawn, big Pat easy dan wHh bt enlace targe separate turn# and dm ina rea m and wtet* Only 
M I sib and CHUK kin Dtotrici 
Cab Id * le i* Anytime 

LOMA PARK 
Redacoiofcd 2 bedraam . fam ily room, living ond dining, tots of extras Roberta White 533 7 1*3. nites 131-8763 
BO B JO N ES, R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
I 

UIS ANGELES HATS 
O u tstan d in g 1-8-1 witn ca rp *!, tarp* patio, screened perch 
111.3o8 
Van Buren & Assoc 
484 7171 
494-$89* 
699 8o6* 
Lovely I bedroom , I newly co r­ onate filed both plus living, dining ream ana study E ric k b tq an tart* pu I lo Much storage space 
Stove rem ains Only st/.SOO D on t m iss this one, 712-8111 
FAMILY REALTY 

I 
LO V E L V G R A S S V A L L E Y 
Largo J bedroom, 2 bath horn* 
Fully carpeted, ovor toe# sa ti 
H U G E fa m ily ro o m w ith fire p lace . C o v e re d p o lio and pretty yard N %, School Distr ic! 
114 !Q$ 
U t* I t l l 
M i Ai. TOMS 
141 M I! 
RED CARPET 

I U A U B Y f O b M H O M I I n t l lent location I bedroom 2 r belli carp e tin g end a p p lia n c e s 
All 
Orick Low edgily and a ssa m * tm m edial* possession 
Hwaf Ytaw loc 732 6167 
V M A K E AN O F F E R • On tau 
I» / vee a g g u r ppd a ssu m e lean 
( era* ab brick 3 bedroom kame with c o rn e r fire p la c e 
T W IN 
C R E E K 
A R E A 
S o m e th in g 
MMC MU so* ll today 
G A SP B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
*9o 899# E ve s AVV 4881. M I 7711 

N O R T H S ID E SC H O O LS 

! 3-2-1, E x t ra clean and pretty. 
Larga family kitchen 422.158 

I 1-l-t, Nice d e a n hom o on quia! street Central air S II,958 

Living room family room, control 
' air, all electric kitchen, covered potto $22,95o 

 back yard largo enough tor pool 
' and g a rd e n 
P r iv a c y fe n ce 
I around patio. Control air. electric i kitchen $24,175 

4-2-1. e le c tric kitc h e n tenet, central air $24,458 ra c y 

Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L* ID A V h i s r n . 

Oak Glen Park Lovely 
L u x u ry, prestige horn*, excellent oreo. 1-2-2 w ith se p o ro te liv in g room ond d in in g ro om Firep loce. 
• g u tte d c e ilin g s , q u o lit y c o n ­ struction O ve r 2oo8 sq ti H eated pool 
N E IS O 
Scho o ls 
N i l E S 
*114119 north loop inc. 
R k A C T O R S M C S 
116 3*3* 
O A K Hit. I i T E H R AC * 
C H A R M 
C O M F O R T - V A L U E 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N IA N 
$433 Chortle C h a n Sp a c io u s 4 I t, d ig ta m a y ro om F o r m a l b r in g dining 
Q uick 
P a ssa sk to n 
Law 
348 I 
718 M IS . ATA 8437, *99 *813 i/fM E* **99 * tiler Beque. , 

OAK HILLS® 
U n iq a a i n Ie *# ! I b a r s o m i i 
Oath, c a rp e te d tats at star ode. la rgo tai, liar th yids ich ge ts ut the 
*8 I 
C H A M P A N L A IN P R O P E R H E S 
, 'H i l t s . N ill wk gad M 4 * * '9 

O A K H O L L O W E S T A T E S ' im m at Wiota I b ed roo m I Oulu b a m * w ith in v a lu e * g a d w a i b a i in taint la m ina p i ag a m e n * e a t ** ’ 
M iS d O 
R E A L T O E S 
4*4 7771 
KEY GROUP 
. Bay Chipman Co 

TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS... IO days 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
BATE CHANGE 
Q 
U 
I C K s c s u n s t 

212 HOMES NORTHWEST 
212jlHQM£S MHTHWEST 
212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

HOUTW OOO PAW 
This til level is designed with style and imagination on large lot with trees. 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, cover ed balcony and patio tor wonderful indoor and outdoor flexibility. 
Over 29oo sg. ft of handsome living Nites 655 8421. 
TltfD Of PAYING M N T ? 
This 3 bedroom. 2 both patio home in Babcock North is a good starter 
With double carport and side yard for storing recreational equipment. 
Terms are open for your con­ venience. Immediate possession tall. 

" r n " 

Do you need o 3 bedroom home that bos a separate dining room, single living area? A Corning cooictop range, dishwasher, eating area in the kitchen? A fenced yard? 
(overed patio? 
Double 
Good terms? All this can yours in Forrest Glen, toll for appointment. 
CAU *24-o171 ANYTIME 
RED Ca r p e t 

 n e 
A t 

OAK VILLAGE NORTH 
Sp a n ish style 3 bedroom , I 1, bath, 
J fire p la c e s on la rg e I a c re lot, b e a u t if u l s u r r o u n d i n g s . L o w taxes. 494 3541 
D A L E R I L E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
KEY GROUP 

O F F H U N T L A N E . 3 -1 'i-t, con trot heat-air, cove red pa'io, w cter so fte n e r, r a n g e , r e f r ig e r a t o r . 
N othing dow n V A $31,ooo or best otter. C h a rle s W atts R e a l E state 
733 3918, 732-5355, 238-91o4________ 

OLO BRICK HOME 
O n n e a rly t a cre s, la rg e room s, fireplace, 3 c a r ga ra g e , with fin ish e d 3 ro o m a p a rtm e n t, pool, storage or w o rk sh o p build ing 
B e ryl W e lgo n d 344 2341, 342 6456 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

O w ner W ants to Talk T u rke y 
B rin g yo u r otters on this lovely 2 I b e d r o o m w it h d e n h o m e 
I m ­ m e diate p o s s e s s io n 
N E S c h o o l district, w alk to O lm o s C le m A s- i so m e $t75 mo. 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 232 949S 
! 

PATIO KOMES 
3-2-2 in B ab co c k N orth, h a n d y to 
U T S A - U S A A E n e r g y sa v e r, built in kitchen 53o,45o V A F H A E rie 
Nagel. 696-533o. 696 2712. 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

P L A N T S 'N T H IN G S will be happy on shuttered porch. 
2-1, dining, b ig livin g room 
M A C R E A L F S T A T E 828 2521 

PREFERRtO PROPERTIES 

( O V E R 51oo,ooo) 

IO A C R E S W IT H L A K E o v e rlo o k­ ing entire city. L a r g e w elt-m ain tam ed older hom e, pool, ke n ne ls and out b uild in gs N E Scho o ls 

S E C L U D E D C U S T O M C O N T E M 
P O R A R Y in M o r v m o n t a r e a 
D e c k s a n d p o lio s s u r r o u n d go t g e o u s free fo rm pool 
V e r s a t ile and uniaue plan inclu d es e xe rc ise room , loft, a n d c h ild re n s p lo y r oom 
B ro c h u re a v a ila b le upon request. 

2 A C R E S W IT H G O L F C O U R S E 
V IE W . 5 b e d r o o m s , 3 ’ j b a th s. 
O utside deck oft livin g a nd fo rm al d in in g room s. C h e e rfu l go u rm e t kitchen-breoktast o re o o v e rlo o k s stone patio and ga rd e n 

C O L O N IA L E L E G A N C E 
5 Or 6 b e d r o o m s p lu s q u a r t e r s . B ig co u n try kitchen, g r a c io u s liv in g o n d b a n q u e t-s it e d in in g ro o m 
B ea m ed cathe d ra l ceiling in den 
N ew o v e r - s u e d pool. E x c lu s iv e j 
Castle H ills Estates. 

B L U F F V I E W S c a p tu r e d fro m a lm o s t e v e r y r o o m 
D e s i g n e r built and d ecora te d 4 bedroom , study, gom ero u m . pool, o nd 3-car g a ra g e H o llyw oo d P a rk 

C U S T O M S P A N IS H C lo se to M e d 
C e n te r o n d U T S A 
5 b e d r o o m s ulus study, la rge pool a na sauna, lo v e ly c o v e re d patio, su n d eck ond ro ck patio on 2 tree-studded lots. 

U N O E R C O N S T R U C T IO N 

H O L L Y W O O D P A R K , o v e r 4ooo sa ft rock c o n te m p ora ry on la rge cul-de-sac lot with room tar pool and tennis court 

E L M C R E E K Ind u or-o ufd o or Ity- in g w it h g l o s s , w o o d , h ig h c eilings. 3 b e d ro o m s a nd stu dy 
Jen a A rr center in kitchen 
C A L L 494-5227 
Armstrong Co 

ONLY 2 LEFT 

Must see this beautiful landscaped, 
I living orea, 4 bedrooms, 2 bath home to believe located in prestigious OAK O l in on extra large wooded lot. 
This home features wall to wad carpeting, 
Magic Chef oil electric kitchen, energy saving package, electric agrege door, handcrafted wood burning fireplace plus mony other extras 
1615 COPPIRflELD RD. 
ONLY $48,5oo 
Call m e to d a y 
Jim Passell 
684-3112 

W IN O W O O O 
O v e r 36oo sa ft on 2.8 a c re s. 5 b e d ro o m s, 3 b a th s p lu s g a m e r - oom. 
Adm itting a cre a g e avail. 
596-5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691-13oo 
Century 21 

E L A I N E L U D W IG A A S S O C 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 
|216 - HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

S T O P L O O K IN G 
P e c a n V a lie v a re a 
L a r g e 4 b e ­ droom , 2 bath, beautiful freed lot. 
N ew on m a rk e t, o n d w o n 't la st long. N ites 653-57o7. 
Century 21 

H A P R E S E R 653-6182 A n ytim e 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — Saturday February 19 1977 

JEFF AREA 

4 bedroom, 2 bath home, 184o sq. 

 ft on a corner lot, carpeting, new 

 roof, shaded patio, assume 7 % VA 

 loon with payments of $2o9 oi 

 refinance VA CHA or Conventional 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

HIGHLANDS 
Custom built overlooking the city. 
3 spacious bedrooms, 2 all tile baths, formal and informal dining room with corner fireplace Shag carpet, centro! air and heat Too mony features to mention. Call today 
532-5245 
333-8618, dites 
M amie Owens 
CO. M.41TORS 

THE BEST DUL is on this beautiful 3 bed room , 2 bath home. Y o u ca n 't b u y one like it tor less and w e'll p ro v e It. 

B O B B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-1448 
333-1764 
216 - HOUSES SOIiTHWESl 

SMART BUYEB? lf you are, and y o u 're lo o king for a 3 bedroom , 2 bath with a c orn e r f ire p la c e to r o n ly 533,9oo, se e this! F o rm a l d in in g room , utility room, p riv a c y fenced yard, on a cut ae sa c. It s N e a t! 681-3222, nites 492 1113. 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
S P A N IS H 
J U S T R E D U C E D 1 B eautiful 3 be druom , 2 beth Single livin g areo, fireplace, c o u rty a rd entry. M o v e in condition! 539,5oo 
R E A L T O R 
691 13oo 
Century 21 

E L A I N E L U D W IG A A SSO C . 

SPECTACULAR VIEW 

B Y O W N E R 
T O W N H O U S E D E S IG N 
28oo SO F T C U S T O M B R IC K 
4 3 2. 2 D E C K S P L U S P A T IO 
A L L L U X U R Y F E A T U R E S 
L O O P 41o A T B A B C O C K R D 
R E D U C E D TO 584,5oo 
F L E X I B L E T E R M S 494-2237 
Spotless all m a so n a ry 3-2-2, den, electric kitchen, carpets, d rap es, fenced ya rd U n d e r $4o,ooo 
A L SO . 4 b e d ro o m s, study, 2 tile baths, sh a g c arp e tin g throughout. 
In Su n sh in e P o rk , n e a r W o n d e r­ land Vacant, 539,4oo 
7 3 2-79 87 ST E V E M A R T I N 735 o825 
3ooo SO F T 
N a t iv e sto n e 3 be broom . 2 bath hom e on 8 a c re s 
O v e r IOO o a k , p e can , a n d fru it tree s, d ee r, w ild tout. in c lu d e s sroble and out b u ild in g s 398,ooo lei m s a vaila ble 681-o6o 
RED CARPET 

>/« ACE. CENTRAL 
3-1-2, big trees, fenced e xtra lot h a s septic, util. 
828 o665 
736 1766 
534 4439 
W A T S O N A SO N R E A L T O R S 
All B rick, c orn e r lot, 3-2-2, livin g room , din in g room , fa m ily room , b rea kfa st areo. 
L E O N A R D . R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o____________________661-3322 

Am 

YARD WORK BLUES? 
Cramped for spots? Check this before you buy anywhere 
3 bedroom, 2 W bam, 2 tar carport, large living room, 2 story, 16oo sq. ft. townhouse in prestigeous 
Heritoge Form, low assumption. Call before ifs too lote! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 6 7 3 -o 1 5 1 

16 YEAR OLD teenage 
Some within walking distance to shopping center. 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, garage, range, refrigerator, dishwasher air, carpeting, fenced 
All loc only 
$18,ooo. It will toke onothet 16 years to find another buy like this one. Call now1 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^673-o131 

A D A M I N I U located on quiet cul de sac Mint condition, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, plush carpeted, all appl, enclosed patio, privacy fenced low pay­ ments of $191 on 7% note with 

^ 
6 o w n 
No closing, immediate move in 
VA Walk to Lockland lovely 3 bedroom home on lorge shaded lot. omit $i6,ooo 

R E A L T O R S 
6 7 4 - 3 5 5 2 
H O D S D O N A A S S O C . 
K E Y O R O U R _______ 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY1226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY j^MARMSANDRANCH^ 

DO YOU K N O W WHERE 
YOUR CHILDREN ARE? 
YOU CAN IN A SMALL TOW N! 

O ld er 2 b ed roo m rock h o m e on I a ire , $ 3 2 ,5 o o 

N ew 3 bedroom , 2 b ath h o m e s, c o n v e n ie n t to schools, 

$39,5oo. 

2 sto ry colonial, 4 b ed room , 2 V j b ath, $ 6 5 ,o o o 

3 o n d 4 b e d ro o m h o m e s o n acreage, lo v e ly view s. $ 5 5 ,o o o 

 a n d up. 
R.M. GEORGE REALTY 
242 S. Main, Boerne, Tx. 
2 <9-3545 

LARGE COUNTRY HOMES 
C u s t o m b u ilt 1-3 A c r e s . O a k ; t r e e s , h il l c o u n t r y . N o r t h 
N o r t h w e s t 
H o m e s r e a d v to m o v e In t o . F i n a n c e d . W e c u s t o m b u i l d . H a v e I J S a c r e t r a c t s a v a i l a b l e . W e c o n s i d e r t r a d e s . S a w y e r 
C o n s t . C o . 
73 3 o 4 o 9 ________________ 4 9 4 2 7 43 

L oo kin g tor an unspoiled p art of the Old W e st? H ere It is. 274 a c re s of u n im p ro v e d B io B en d C ou n try c o m p le te w ith 4ooo It of r o a d fr o n t a g e on H w y 17o 
W in d in g r iv e r bed o n d In d ia n c a v e w ith fo ssils a nd a rro w h e a d s A ll of this d ire ctly a c r o s s from O ld T e rlin gu al G host Tow n a nd 2o m l from 
B ig B e n d N a t io n a l P a r k 
C a ll 
(512) 367 2379 
C ol i i i 
H a u s m a n by 
C A S H 
695 3624, 

N o dow n p aym en t to anyone. 3-4 
Bedroom , 2 baths, so m e with air and all appliances. F irst p ay m e n t in April. 
B O B D e P A O L O 
532 5251_________________R E A L T O R 
C O Z Y 
H ere Is a neat 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e with T e x a s su e d den, n ear 
P e c a n V o lle y G olf C o u rse , c o m ­ pletely p an eled . A g o o d b u y al 
$19,5oo Open term s 
Century 21 

W H IT E H E A O - H O L ID A Y 
341-71 IS_______________ R E A L T O R S 

C U T E ’N ' C O Z Y 
Is this well-kept hom e in H igh la n d 
H ills w ith 2 n ice s u e b e d ro o m s ond tile bath H a s eat-in kitch en o n d la r g e c o m f o r t a b le l i v in g room . D o u b le d e ta c h e d g a r a g e with good w ork a re a a nd a lo rge lot for yo u n gste rs A good b uy of 
$17,25o 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

A A A -1 C O R N E R . 3 b e d ro o m s, 2 baths, central air. N oth in g down, 
525o clo sing 
696-742oW A YN E S L A T E R 6 8 4 -6 1 6 9 
A B L O C K TO B U S 3 b ed roo m s. fenced, carpets, no down. $2oo closing. 
696 7 4 2 o W A V N E S L A T E R 344 o936 

D f c L L C R E S T A R E A 
B e a u tifu l 
3 2-2, h eat a ir, c a rp e t, c o v e re d patio, b r ic k c o n st ru c t io n . F H A a p p raise d at 528,15o See today 
SOUTH EAST REALTY 
333-4144__________ 
Nit**$ 656 2787 
O eltcrest new hom e, b ric k 3-2-2, fireplace, centro! heat-olr, T e rm s avail 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333 o64o____________________66) 3322 
D U P L E X + H O M E 
With fu rn itu re o w n er finance 
533 IOO* R esponded R lty 656 5667 

147 G A L W A Y in H ig n ia n d H ills 
3 l-C P 
E q u ity and a ssu m e $15$ m o Will con sid er second lien for port G oodw in, 826-3715, L e o n a rd 
Reply, 734-6756. 

ADAMS HILL 
L o v e ly 3-2-2, c a rp e te d , k itch e n equipped, fam ily room . F a st pas s e s s io n . A p p r a i s a l o r d e r e d 
O w ne r a n xio u s Coll right now! 
6 7 5 -2 8 S o 
Deanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S S W est Ole 
A F A N T A S T I C D E A L 12o c lo s ­ in g , n o d o w n f o r c le a n 3 b e ­ droom s. $159 m o 
6«6 742oW A Y N E S L A T E R 344 o936 

ADAMS HIU 

 lovely 3 bedroom, 2 both home with filmily room, garage, central air heat, water softener, dishwasher, range, turbo vents, carpet, close to Kelly, lackland AFB 
May be assumed or refinanced at 
$29,ooo. now! 
Don't miss this one Call 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
673-o1 51 

4.75% A S S U M E 4 75% 
3 Bedroom , Bath, flange. Carpet, 
Fe n ce , C a rp o rt. B u y E q u it y or 
Refinance. Coll 
T E X V E T R E A L T Y 435 484o 

ASSUME PAYMENTS 
5152 m o 3-1-lco, N e a r L a c k la n d ' 
K elly iv so equity, carp et and a p ­ pliances 
6751691, 
6741777, 
623-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

AVAILABLE NOW 
T h is 3 b ed roo m , 2 bath hom e In 
R a in b o w H ills is r e a d y fo r im ­ m e d iate o c c u p a n c y . G o o d a re a a n d N o r t h sid e S c h o o ls N o c ity taxes Open term s. C all 673-5o83 
A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

B A C K O N M A R K E T . V A a p -' p raise d at $13,4oo with new root, real nice 2 b ed roo m on cul-de-sac. 
A good buy, coll now 
O w n e r anxious. 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675-o496 

OFF FIVE PALMS 
N oth in g dow n on this 3 -1 'i-l, $23o m onth 
Sell to anyone. 675 1691, 
673-11oo 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
5 'WT Y $16,5oo---------------- 
N e a r L a c k la n d , cute 3 b e d ro o m hom e with so ve a nd re frig Q uick m o ve in 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 14o1 

RAINBOW HILLS 
Im m a c u la te 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b oth, d in in g room , la rg e fa m ily room , double g a ra g e O v e r 154o sq ti of liv in g a re a N e w V A o r a ssu m e with p ay m e n ts of s i p * 
Century 21 
N otion al Roo! E s t a t e 
674-4411 

GOOD BUILDING SITES 
ON THE GUADALUPE 
ARE HARD TO FIND 

W e h ave several, each w ith 

 a h ig h are a for b u ild in g 

 a n d each w ith q ge n tle 

 slo pe to river. 
From 

$ 14,ooo. 
8 % , 
12 ye a r 

 fin a n c in g available. H igh ly 

 restricted 
Call for 
A p ­ 

 p oin tm e n t to see! 

HBG REAL ESTATE 

733-13o9 

$.5 A C R E S N E A R 
G A R N E R S T A T E P A R K 
B eautiful view in T e x a s H ills 5137 d o w n p a y m e n t, $21.25 p er m o. 
O w ne r financed C all 734 9363 
ITH r m 
$ 
A c r e s n e a r S a g o 
3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath b r ic k h o m e 
Firep lace, b o rn o nd well 656 2678 
5 A C R E S n orth of i o n A n to n io , 
55,9oo. lib eral fin a n c in g by ow ner 
5J4 8876____________________ 

19 A c r e s oft IH 1 o E a s t 
U n iv e rsa l 
658 3396 

NEW COUNTRY HOME 
New custom designed home on 
13 acres of loner coveted with lorge trees, 18oo sq. ft. of living aiea, plus kitge double attached gorage with electric door living loom and dining room, with separate entry hall large panel­ ed family loom with brick fireplace All electra kitchen with built in range ond dishwasher 3 bedrooms. 2 complete baths 
Shag carpet thru-out Control an and heat located |ust west of 
Pleasanton City limits on paved streets, city water 

HH CID $4o,ooo 

H A V E!IAH W A I ESTATE 
(•TMt Hifhw y M I A Goodwin SI 
Mtoumton. Twat 
T e l e p h o n e 

Son Antonia: 
624-2111 
Pleasanton 
SAP-2527 
$69-2417 
$69 2o28 

TSO 
I U T S A 
$1o,ooo 
735 3)o8_________________ ___________ 

L o v e ly •; p lu s a c re h o m e site In 
W o o d r id g e P o r k on m e t e r e d w a t e r s y s t e m , p a v e d st r e e t s, 

MASON COUNTY - 

M a so n - 
O H U.S. 8 7 

 h a v e num ber. 

12 acres — 5 m ile s S o u t h of 

- Nice h om e site . W ill G.l. if y o u 

L L A N O R IV E R R A N C H — 
N ee d to se e to a p p re cia te A t­ 

 tractive term s — B ig D e er — Little M o n e y — L o tso ’ water. 

OFFICE: 915-347-5464 

M a x H e y - M a s o n 
9 1 5 - 3 4 7 - 5 5 3 2 

F r a n k C o r d e r — 
B r a d y 
9 1 5 - 5 9 7 - 2 2 3 5 
M ASO N REALTY 
F.O. BOX V J 
MASON, UXAS 76BS6 

226 RESORT PROPERTIES w u iu r x y x ie m , p u v u u s r r e e is , , p, 
$1o,oo3 term s a vaila b le 924 81 16. 
F T 
C la rk S p r in g s M e m b e r sh ip 
B est c ash ofter 
M K a ise r, M B 
P o w d e r H o rn M ill R o ad , W ilton, 
C onn o6*97 f r e r e s i m a fe b ( 
Tow nhouses. 
598 2541 

T a k e L ft J 
512 598 5444 or 

337 4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

•MOUNTAIN TOP NORTH* 
A s t a g g e r i n g v ie w fo r m ite s, cove red with oaks. $94oo 698 2o93, 
494 6777____________________________ 

 f«'o ? ah acre, cove red with trees, priva te a c c e ss to river, with good fish in g a nd can oe in g ideal build- . 
«•■»». u r v u s . i m lug site, p lu s all utilities, ond som e I B ric k hom e situated on toke with v ie w 
18 m ile s f r o m S A 
C a ll j 2o$ ti w a t e r f r o n t a g e 
F u t ty 
494 5237. e ves 828 1o92 or 82* 6288 la n d sca p ed with sp rin k le r syste m 
O F F B A B C O C K , 3 a c r e s n e a r and lots of oak trees L o r g e boat 

H o rse sh o e B a y lot, between ca m p gro u n d airport, $6,ooo 65$ 5483 

LAKE LBJ RETAT 

City, good 
N e a r land 

PROUDLY WE RAVE 
A b o u t o u r n e w e st listin g , J b e ­ d ro o m , 2 bath, s e p a ra te d in in g room , old er h o m e in v e ry go o d condition Lo ts of e xtra s 
R u b y W right 344 2341. 342 $847 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

P W C T T 

GOTTA MINUTE? 
C om e take a look at this 2-story 
C o lo n ia l c h a r m e r in p o p u la r 
N orthw est a re a 4 2-2 with fa m ily j room, h uge co ve re d polio a nd an oak tree thor s a i least ICO y e a rs old Ail on a c orn e r lot 141.9oo 
Century 21 
S chneid er Beatty 
684 72oo 
R A N I N B O W H I L L S , 2 s t o r y , 
( I ' l l O w n e rs c a r r y with $1ooo dow n $289 m o 
J A J R E A L T Y 674-8843 A n ytim e 

REOUCED PRICE! ~ 
O n this bra fam ily p ara dise . S b e­ droom s. 2 b ath s F o r only $31,5oo' 
Fe rm a t din in g, centro! heat and air. c o v e re d patio o n d a fenced y a rd M I 3222. nites 456 o333 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

RELAX b y the w ood b u rn in g fire p la ce in the sp a c io u s aen at this S p a n ish style hom e In e x clu siv e C ha rter 
O a k s 3 bedroom s, m a n y extras. im m ediate p o sse ssio n 
SSI. SUO 
344 1344 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M i s 
R O O M 
F O R 
T H E 
W H O L E 
F A M I L Y 
Spotless 4 I in N S Scho o l D istrict 
D o u b le g a r a g e p lu s ( o t h e r s h id eaw ay L o v e ly g a rd e n Kitchen. 
2 patios, im m aculate fenced v o id 
S JI.S M 
499- I I J I 
R E A L T O R S 
341/838 
RED CARPET 

SAFETY FIRES! tor your fam ily w hen you bye on 
M u s t a n g C ir c le in H o lly w o o d 
P a rk With ne thru traffic a p lu s w hen you live in this sp a c io u s I b ed roo m . I both a n d d on h om e with fireplace C o v e re d patio and tic C o d to see 
COH )49 1 434 A n ytim e 
BASSE WEILBACHER 

________ 
S A V E B E S O R E L IL T IN G 
B v O W N E R , im m a c u la t e I J J, 
M n pe livin g area, and B ra u n Ila lion W est Ie need Beautiful yard, w ith I ) o ak t r e t s 
L o w O ddity, paym ents. $197 C ad 684 U442 atter 

S t o p B e m a A S c h o o l T a x i ! 
T h is 3 bedroom , 2 both hom e is 3 s h o rt b lo c k s fro m E le m e n t a r y 
School and w hat a b u y ! $23.SOU includes stove ond re frige ra to r 
49-5111 or 349-3535 A n ytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S N Centro! Otc 
S U M M E R H I L L 
R o c k 'n C e o a r g a rd e n hom e with 1oo% p riv a c y fe n c in g ! L iv in g ro o m w ith fir e ­ p lace , wet b a r. F o r m a l d in in g room. 4 b edroom s. J 1 i b oth s plus a bon u s room 22x15! C o v e re d pa h o ! A sp a c io u s, C o n t e m p o r a r y hom e in a beautiful, new a re a 
$75,ooo. 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

SUMMERHILL 
T w o n ew g a r d e n h o m e s, 3 b e ­ droom s, 2 baths, fireplace, Saltillo tile H u rry ! Select yo u r colors! 
Century 21 
Steve ns-R ho d e 828 5S44 
S W IM M IN G P O O L 
B U Y N O W for su m m e r fun at a p re s e a s o n so le p ric e . J-2. im - m oculte W e lose, you ga in B a b ­ cock North. $34,9oo 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
481 o)oo_______________ R E A l T O R S 

THE CENTERFOLD 
Of Better H o m e s one G a rd e n s All 
Stone hom e with 3 b e d ro o m s ond 2 full b aths, la rg e a a liro o m s u e d liv in g w ith b e o m e d c a t h e d r a l c e ilin g s o n d m a s s iv e ro ck f ir e ­ place C orn e r lot $34,5oo 
S A N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
499 92o1 

• THE FINEST • in th is w h ite sto n e on >< a c re 
3-3 2 
S t o n e a n d p a n e le d d e n iF P ) , livin g nd d in in g ro o m s D e ­ sign e r kitch en G a rd e n g ro u n d s 
Sh a v a n o P a r k $92,5oo 824 2347. 
Thelma B. Preissman 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
C o rn e r H o w e rto n at P e c a n V a l lev 
3 bedroom , t bath, carp ort, fenced y a rd R e d u c e d to $16,5oo tor autck sell 
H O L C O M B R E A L T Y , 532 8*o? 

B E L L A I R E . 3 b e d ro o m . I b ath with central heat-air on K op p lo w 
N o q ualifying, p ay low eauity and m ove in 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
675 o694 
B Y O W N E R , 3-7-2, A d a m s H ill, open term s, low 3o s 673-79o8 

H I G H L A N D H I L L S 
E a s t 
C e n tra l S c h o o ls A re a l b a r ­ g a in 
P a y m e n t s le s s th o n re n t. S e c t h is 3 b e d r o o m , fenced ya rd V A or F H A 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a l t o r 
6 7 3 -1 o 1 8 

HIGHLAND HILLS 
2-1-1, St/5 m o C oll now ! 675 1691, 
62J 572o, 674 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

HIGHLAND S OR 4 BDRM 
B ric k trim . 19oo sqft. carp et central, corner, trees, 648-o873 
828 o645 
7 36 1 766 
7 34-4117 
W A T S O N A S O N R E A L T O R S 

HIGHLAND PARK BARGAIN 
L a r g e 2 b ed roo m , fa m ily room . se p a ra te liv in g a n d d in in g w ith fir e p la c e , b ig m o d e r n k it c h e n with d ish w a sh e r, g a r o o g e d is p o ­ s a l 
D o u b le d e t a c h e d g a r a g e , w o rk sh o p a n d utilities. R o b e rta 
White 533-7161, nites 133-8743 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
IKY GROUP 

H I G H L A N D 
P A R K S p a c io u s 
3-2 2, form al d ining room , tom ily room, e xtra la rge lot P lu s g a ra g e u purtm enl A ssu m e 5263 per mo. or refm on occ W ill trad e 
B O B D e P A O L O 
! 532 5251_________________R E A L T O R 

JUST LISTED 
3 B edroom s. I ' > baths, attached iO aio gc, huge b ack ya rd in H igh 
, land H ills a re a A ssu m e only Coll 
S h e rry Sh e rrie le g n o n , $31-7143, 
333 4328 
R O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 

Close to lackland Kelly 
I a c r e , 26 p e c a n t r e e s , 4 b e ­ d room s, fenced with m o n y extras. 
52o,ooo 
R o b e rta W hite 533 7161, rates 331-763 
B O B J O N E S , R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

COME AND SEE 
L o v e ly 3 b ed roo m hom e with c a r ­ peting. ra n g e , r e f r ig e r a t o r a n d fenced y a rd Locate d in on a re a w ith e a s y a c c e s s to b a s e s , e x ­ p r e s s w a y a n d s c h o o l s 
L o w m onthly paym en ts. F o r vie w in g, call 671 $o83 A N Y T I M E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 

3 I C P , ro n o e , frig . c a rp e t a n d fenced y a rd E q u ity a nd a ssu m e 
Century 21 

R R R A N S O M R E A L T Y 473 77o1 

DELDXE TOWNHOME 
B eautiful I$8$ salt 3 bedroom , 2' > b ain fow nhom e H a s 21x19 livin g room and 19x11 m a tte r b ed roo m with o 4x8 d r e s s in g a ie u 
A lso , lo rge kitchen with lots ot countor sp a te . A ttra c tiv e c o v e re d b ric k patio with g a s b a rb e a u * A lovely h om e with lots of ro o m C oli now. 
342 4115 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 

G o v t O w n e d H o m e s. E a s y f in ­ a n c in g o v o il. J b e d ro o m s, b ath a nd halt $14,95o A n yo n e can b uy 
M o n y to c h o o se fro m 
B e wise, 

 i use yo u r tax refund 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 222 94VS 

GREAT POTENTIAL 
J 3-1-1 in excettent condition Id eal for retired couple o r new lyw eds. 
I P ric e d in the low SIO * 
C all tor 
I opp! 
G E N E W IL S O N 
656 3441 
R E A L T O R 
M L S 

RAINBOW HILLS 
L o v e ly 3 b e d ro o m , I b ath h om e 
.w ith la rge fa m ily ro om 
K itch e n h a s stove o nd re frig e ra to r. N ice y a r d w ith fru it tre e s a n d la rg e sh a d e trees N e o r L a c k la n d a nd 
K e lly $17,5oo 
F o r v ie w in g, call 
673 5o83 A N Y T I M E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 
R O C K 4 f-1, In M i o d o w V illa g e 
R a nge, g a rb a g e dispo sal, c a rp e t­ ing, c e n tra l a ir heat, p a tio a n d fe n c e d y a r d 
L a r g e c o r n e r lot 
$29,5oo 67 5 2152 
RED CARPET 
S P t c i w O O D J 2 I, c e n iro l heat 

5o ACRES 
On F M 2579. E q u ity o nd a ssu m e . 
344 6248 
341 6566 
684 5768 
CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 
- r s m 
* 

HANDYMAN'S SPICIAL 

Nice 3 bedroom, I both home, 

 huge hying room, fruit bees 

 galore ond mony large oak trees 

Only one short block lo schools, shopping ond bus to ond from 

San Antonio $14,ooo Nites 656 

758o 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY OF HOMES 

6S6-SSK69I IIH M I 4141 

M e d Center. U T SA , U S A A N ice t r e e s a n d h o m e s it e 
L e o n a r d 
Realty 734 6756 
----------------- S n p m 18)6----------------- 
C orn e r G a k rid g e D r R e d u ce d to 
56ooo. O w ne r financed 824-7314 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
O 'u f W W l l m ites From 
16o4 I, 4, 7, ll or 27 A c re trocts 
O w ner im p u te d 
696 7 4 2 o W A Y N E St A TE W 344 o936 
O V l W J 1 j A C R E S , n ear Boerne, 
T x 1 C o u n t r y C o n t e m p o r a r y nom e with fireplace, so la riu m and 
I loft 
3 bed room s, 2 b ath s Built in 
I kitchen, double o a ra g e 
565,55o 
R E A L T O R S 
344 oo22 
GuvChjpanCo 
R I v H t F R O N T 
125 ti on water 

 dock p lu s fish in g a nd sw im m in g d o c k 
G u e st q u a r t e r s in c lu d e d 
F o r d e t a ils a n d v ie w in g , c a ll 
342 4115 A N Y T I M E 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 
N O W i i T H E T IM P to plan a gain tor your su m m e r tun. 2 lo rge lots in C y p r e s s C o v e at a p ric e you c a n ’t r e s i s t 
S m a il d o w n p a y m e n ts a n d e a sy te rm s C o ll 
341 4666 N ile s J44 7o16 
Don Bouctielle 
A C O IN C R E A L T O R S M L S 
Q u a lity H o m e (iv e rlo o k tn a C lin yon la k e , 39oo ta It , turn 5 acre h illto p 
P o o l 
P r in t ta le s O n ly 
598,ooo $12 *99 7919 

SWT FARM & RANCH 
REAL ESTATE 

APPROXIMATtlY 76o(1 ACIES NE 
EA SAHL CO With Ina River hon rage 
2 nice mobile homes 
Goroge, buntine stands numerous small fields Excellent buntine and fishing Smalt poi lion of nim orals. Oft 5 per oat with good terms 

418 A C H S U SA U ! CO. H 
Mil* Nueces River frontage, 5 miles West of Cotulla 18o Acies litigated farmland, nice house overlooking small lake Excellent hunting and fishing with many r 

 od improvements VS minerals ital showplace $8oo per out with good ownec financing 
I II U T IW — I — 879 2759 
R O Sox SAI, Cotulla, Ti. 
78o14 

 utilities, trees, I * m iles from 41o 
I $595o with te rm s 344 4187 
I s o u l H 
J ’ ) a c r e s , u iilit i* 
$5,ooo up T e rm s, 626 1544 

SOUTHEAST 
L a V e rn ia School D istric t 2 a rra s. 
O n ly $1oo dow n and e a sy term s 
H B G R E A L E S T A T E , 927 7441 

R io M e d in a on 
R iv e r, $15oo A c re 534-6711 

1o.8 ACRES 
S it u a t e d rn th e b e a u t if u l H ill 
C ou n try nea r B la n c o 2 bedroom , 
I b afh m o n d e h o m e w ith la r g e sin g le liv in g a re o , patio, tortes caped, fenced in excellent c o n d i­ tion $17,ooo L u c ille B ie rsc h w o ie 
344 2341, 344 $549 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 
9 A r r e r -'w.tff a c c e s s lo c r eek, n o t h in g d o w n , $7o 3o m o 
J im 
A sh le y R e alty 22o-7774 

 m o 
? m . r « . * 7 r a ? b , '° I ' 3* j i i d R E S WFT— 
* c o n tu s e on h o r n T # ! . « l ottor ^ h n r u H w „ h « ■««■ ntJ So n A n ton io R iv e r, ,ast south cl s o u t h of 
S 

B V 
6 w W e r " " w o b b r 1 6 6 £ 
P A R K , 4 acres, c o rn e r prop erty, I p riv a te w o te r well, se p tic tank, m e te r loop, s m a ll tr a ile r, $$oo down, $95 47 month. 626-1414, or 
924 3)42. 
Client W a n ts IO A c r e s or m o re 
H w y 9o W or L a re d o H w y, close in a r o u n d the L o o p 
L E 
R o d n g u e i 227 7855 

COUNTRY DREAM 
M in i r a n c h w it h 
8 a c r e s 
3 y e a r o ld 3 b e d r o o m , 2 b a t h hom e out B a n d e ra R d a nd d o s e I to M e d in a L a k e In the 4o $. C all ! now 684 72oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Sc h n e id e r R e a lly 
I 

(.DUTTRY DREAM 
KECRoFT 
Beautiful 4 yr old. 2 sto ry C olonial I 
,7 , 

SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
H o m e on o cre oa e, M e d in a Co. I b ed roo m , 2 bath, la rg e den. for m a l d in in g a nd livin g a re a 
H a s o w n w a te r sy ste m p lu s vie w of 
M e d in a R iv e r on 5 a c re s 494 3541 
D A L E R I L E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

- 
M 
O 
U 
L 
Take uo p a y m e n ts on % a cre N W lot h o m e b u ild in g 
W a te r, c ity utilities M r $ elter, 679 7229 

RETIREMENT SPECIAL 
N E A R S E G U I N , 2 go lf c o u r s e s a n d c o u n t r y c lu b 
R iv e r p r iv lle a e s fish . sw im . b o a tin g n ic e 2 b e d r o o m h o m e , la r g e c o r n e r lot tre e s, Id e a l g a r d e n soil M O R E ! Just $18,*5o 
C A R L O S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
379 $947 
S E G U IN , T E K 
SOI E 
K in g s b u r y P O 
B o x 1122 
~ H J r W F T T t f r ? T X 7 T f i -------- 
S E G U IN M C Q U E E N Y A R E A 
125 Ft B eautifu l w aterfront 
B io tom ily hom e o nd or hom e ond incom e H ig h location, m a n y ex leas P riv a te a re a L ow $4o ‘S 
716 OOIS, 494 o417, 499 OOI I 
B eu la h M o * K elle r. R e alto r 
~ w a T J I T 6 a L Y I T 
V V 
A r a n s a s P a s s o r P o r t A r a n s a s 
O O U O t A S A N D E R S O N 
*o3 G ar (finn 
732 1162 

! o n e r C h a rle s W atts R e oi E state 
I 732 291*. 732-5355, 22E91o4________ 

VALLEY HI 
I L o v e ly 3-1' »-l, S225 m o 675 1691, 
674 1777, 623-572o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
I 3-2-4, weft situated on c o rn e r lot m 
I V o lle y F o re st A r e a G a r d e n kit c he n o v e rlo o k s sp a c io u s fenced yard. A F cap tain m u st sell now due to quick P C S , wilt accep t a n y re a so n a b le offer a ro u n d $22,ooo 
C a ll now . e o e s to A g e n t 1st of 
M a r c h 475 o86o 
W IL L S E L L Y O A N Y O N E 
N O D O W N P A Y M E N T , 3-4 b e ­ d r o o m s , s o m a w it h e x t r a s . 
922 6381, 923-8493 M ik e A u stin 

MULL TRADE EQUITY 
1 2 2, good sch ools, Tree s tor la rge older h ou se a nd a c re a g e 
828-o665 
734 1766 
675-4429 
W A T S O N A S O N R E A L T O R S w d t o lk i, s f k id L E . D iU t t f t it E E i i A N O W I D O W S , y o u c a n b e a 
1 h om e o w n er it you h a v e the de 
I s ir * , w * h a v e the k n o w le d g e to help you buy. C all now 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
I 924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
133 9158 
218 HOUSES MOVED 

Lo o o 41o. fro n ta g e on V llle m in e 
R d 5 liv in g units T e rm s, o w n e r financed 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924 433) 
R E A L T O R S 
1 643 5597 | 

I a cre with 14x45 ft m obile hom e, patio, m e te re d w ater, n e o r 281 : 
South 924 481)4, 337 4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
Hill C ou n try M o b ile H o m e site, IS m in 
N o rth on S o n P e d r o O n ly 
521oo, $1oo d o w n . $21 44 p e r m o n th , at 8 % tor t44 m o n th s 
I T h is o n e w o n t la s t lo n g 
C a ll to d a y ! 494-34)9 . L A K fc C R O F T 
R E A L E S T A T E 
A p p ro xim a te ly 3 a c re s B eautifu l 
I locatio n tor d evo lo p em e nt. F in * h om e s in m a tu re su b u rb a n o re a 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 IS H 

A WHOLE MOUNTAIN 
A sp e c ta c u la r view . o b stru c te d only by la rg e o a k s G a rd e n soil, fenced, go o d well, o v e r 7 a c t o s 
O w n e r will fin a nce R o b e rt Sm ith, 
498 2o93 or 494 477/ 

B A N D E R A A R E A 
C h o ic e 2 I a cre lo! in B a n d e ra R iv e r R a n c h d e v e lo p m e n t A ll utilities, re a d y tor b u ild in g , r iv e r fro n ta g e ac c e s s 
P o o l a n d t e n n is 
O w n e r 
G e rry P a rk e r 734-19o* 484 o184 

 o c r e s 
J u s t 2o n u 
A. 
$ 
B e d r o o m s , 
.baths, io t a * liv in g a re a with bar. se p a ra te d in in g room . 4*oo sa ti of liv in g o re a 
L a r g e store room a nd bath with show er, oft J c a r c a rp o rt. F e n c e d o n d so w n w ith c o a s t a l b e r m u d a 
L a r g e 
Darn and d og kennels. City water, p r ic e d lo se ll b y o w n e r 
C a ll 
826 4712 tor a pp ointm ent 

I TO 5 ACB! TRACTS 
N W S A nea r F M 4 7 1 a nd 16o4. 
W e ll re s t ric t e d , c e n tr a l w o te r, e a v e d streets, p ric e s v e ry to m p e t if iv e 
G o o d 
I t e m s 
L A 
R E A L 
E S T A T E 
)42 16*1_____________________________ 

I to I W ooded Ac good soil. N of 
S A ju s t outside B e x a r Co. 
732 64o2 H 
Castle R e a lly 492 941* 

BEDI BILT HOMES 
N ew 3 b d rm , 2 b ain horn us 
2 Barm ., I both h o m e s 
W E B U IL D A N Y S IZ E 
D O D S O N L S R 
424-2254 r s f t A l L ) I e b b 6 6 m h 6 m £ $ 
$2,ooo each O na ll b d rm , l l kit c h e n , l l b a th s, lO x ilO t ! M o te l 
B ld g M o v e d $14,ooo *14 2254 
W e b u y H o u se s To B E M o v e d 
4J8 1459______________ 
922 4112 

BANDERA 
J mr south of town, J ac on a hill o s k m g , $ 2 ,4 *$ , w ill c o n s i d e r otters 
B ill 
H u gh es. 
B ro k e r, 
34 1 1 4 * I 

 ti) b ea u tifu l o c re s. o ak c o v e re d hilltop, only 24 m ile s north of 14o4 on H w y 281. T e r m s t r a d e c o n ­ sid ere d Joe C ullm a n 
B O B J O N E S . R E A L T O R 
344 2341 

I T H E Y L E F T T H E T R E E S w hen 
: they built this new hom e! A 3 be 
I a r o o m C o n t e m p o r a r y , w ith a 
I tu eoiuce and wet bar rn the open 
I living area, o verloo ke d bv a 
I study loft 
I $58.VOO 
R E A L T O R S 
6*44811 
Guy Chipman Co 

KEY GROUP 
KEY GROUP 

 l i s t i n g s h i r n i n 
L A C k l A b o I ^ l L y Z r E i 
L IS T IN G S N E E D E D 
! N ovo b u y e rs tor H igh la n d P a rk , 
College H eights. H ig h la n d s H igh 
A re a s P ro fe ssio n a l Se rvic e 
E U N A M R O S IN 
$32-9444 

L Y T L E Tired of City. se * this c o u n try c h a rm e r, I a cre , J bedroom s, I boths, o ver 2ooo sc, ti or l i n n * o re a Refinance. will traoe 

Seiling Like Hotcakes 
It k e e n s H i we to n I keeo a list m g m ore M a n e week rn S n * non n o a h e sp e c ia lly ira * (h is I be 
Hi o om I buth hom e L a rg e fam ily 
1 aum A p rice in raw Hi s m elon ells PM Pi operas 
B E T T E R M U R R Y ! ' 
J49 IS IS pf 14* s i l t a nytim e 
Beanie Owens Co w k A l T Q R 8 t t ik h . U S c im u Q U 
S t P I N T I TY A B O U N D S lh * eld w orld i h o i rn pl p eggpp ewe H oers 
C e m b ra c e w ith m o d e m c o n e e n tenets m p km p M i* S t* t i p ve ry spec w i h om e O tter**! s p pd m u m 
••lr u s 
Nm 
$59 SBO 
4*4 S i l l 
IA N r I IM E I 
IUD CARPI I 

T H U N O k R S I R O V I L L A G E . B v ! F B A o w n e r , w e l k in # d is t a n c e lo sc h o o ls, o n d fu tu re m o i! 
4 t i 
5JZ -J1o/ lo r g e k it c h e n , d in in g a r e a . I ___________ covered p olio ond beautiful ya rd to w c-quity a nd a ssu m e 7 % loan 
P a y m e n t $ 2 14 o r r e f in a n c e 
$26. too Atter 5 p m *3$ 7 I t I 

TREES AND SHADE o n d M o n k e y G r a s s a n d L o ts of sp a c e tor F lo w e r s ! ! ! T r u ly e x ­ c e p tio n a l 4 b e d r o o m h o m e in b e a u t if u l O A K G L E N P A R K 
O u tsta n d in g a m e n itie s! $82,5o4 
P le ase coll! 
341 4491 
N ile s 684 4154, 342 oo47 
G E O R G E F L O O D R E A L T O R S 

TRIPPY TRI LEVEL 
L o c a t e d in b e a u t if u l S e n e c a 
E v io le t on la rge lot I b e d ro o m s p lu s hobby ro o m or o H ic * V e ry unlaw * floor plan 
C all now , I 
684 77oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 Sch n e id e r R e alty 

U F O U T T E R L Y F A N T A S T I C 
O F F E R I N G 
4 b e d ro o m 
2 b ath n om e in H o lly w o o d F o r k , H u ge fire p la c e den. la r g e fe n c e d lei, oohs tor M e tree house $6o SOA 
RED CARPET 
34 2 3111 
R E A L T O R S 
*94 IQS* 

U N D E R SS O ,O O O 
D E L U K E 
N E W 
H O M E S 
A V A I L A B L E , I B e d r o o m s , 2 baths, lo rg e den w ith fire p la ce , v ie nu room rn m aster b e d ro o m 
M ic ro w a v e oven 
Large Lot, Large Home 
B e a u t if u l o ld e r h o m e in p r e s 
•igous area. I b edroom s. 2 baths, f if t h ly p o in te d , n e w c a rp e l. 2 b onus room s, 
2 d en s 
Below 
' $>o OOO 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
E x e c u f iv e I y p e n o w h o m o s available I a nd 4 b ed roo m s, bv j in t roe rn, d in in g room . e n d d en 
I WMH fireplaces. 
‘ 1 
Acre, 
IPW loxes 
COMPASS R E A L T Y 
494 1481 494 M ill 

WHISPERING OAKS e x e c u t i v e h o m e j Du**: tending 4 b ed roo m I 1, b a in * or J b e d roo m s and study L u x u r y features include R o m a n Tub dual heal a n d a ir sy ste m a n d se ve n j w ale in c lo s e t* 
A il en a h u g * u o u b i* le i c o v e te d w ith o a k s i 
IV# VOO 342 4177, k ilo s 491 1*19. 
B IL I SO U > H E R N R E A l t O R 

JACK MITCHELL 
R e a l t o r 
4 / 3 -1 o 1 8 

MAKE OFFER 
2 1, nice yard. cyclo n e fence 
828 o*4$ 
734 1746 
$34 44)9 
W A T S O N A S O N R E A L T O R S 

M o re Th an Y o u W ould E xp e ct! 
L e i us show you who! you cun gel tor o n ly S II,7 5 8 ( a p p r a is e d ) 
3 
Bedroom s, I ' 1 b ath s on c orn e r lot, d o u b le o a r o n e 
C o il u s n o w , tom orrow m a y be to loft 
B E L L R E A L T O R S 221 949$ 

S5o 
M o v e s you into a nice 7 or 3 be m ourn hom e O n ly 3 h o m e s left so don I wait 

B O B B IL L A R E A L E S T AT B 
,34 881)8 
133 1448 
3 J J 1/64 
$2$ UU M O V E S Y O U IN V E T ' 
N u * 2 b ed roo m hom e. re-dec or arad fenced y a rd b us, schools, sto re s n e a r by. o n ly $1o 25o. in 
D e n ve r H e ights A re a 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
433 179$ 

N E A H R I G S B Y 
P re tty OS a pictu re V o l ani. lust w a ilin g tor new ow ner 2 sp a cio u s be d re o m * garnet: Tree sh ooe d yard. V A -F H A 

L A C kl 
ATf D K V f W m 
A ll m a cu la te 4 b e d ro o m h e m *, c a r b e h n *, d rop es, app liances, h a s 2 lull baths, double c o r ga rage , and 
M u c h , M u c h M o te ! E q u it y a n d a ssu m e .A sk in g $33,ooo *74 54)1 
RED CARPET 

LACKLAND MEDINA 
WILFORD HALL i Clean, c arp eted 4 b de roo m . c e n ­ t r a l n e a t o n d o lr, r a n g e d is h ­ w asher, g o ra g e Q uick m o ve in 2 hies in Ste m N o credit needed 
A ss u m e 7 % V A lo a n 
D y n a m it e 
I valu e al $2o,5oo 
C E N T U R Y 21 
K *H rL .O c k lo n d W oolly 
474 I H I 

5 W 
L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E 
I bedroom . 2 bath, c o rn e r 
T e rm * or a ssu m e 
ERNEST EVERS 
REAL ESTATE 
4oo 3144 

LACKLAND TERRACE 
S p a c io u s 4 b e d ro o m , l ’i b oth , d r a m * ro o m fa m ily ro o m w ith fireplace a nd bor, double c arp ort with bienly of sto rage Im m ed iate im a m y $2*,OOO un new V A 

278 SUBUB88W PWOPtKlY 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, T e x a s 
I 663 4S5B 
S A. Direct Una 626-12oo 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, T e x a s t *43 45ss 
SA Direct line 62612oo 
A h S O I U TT I V B e u u tifu ' ow ner 
B ro k e r m u st tell F a b u lo u s north side, 4 b ed roo m all ro ck house, on ° 
: 
T n f $ 'o ry 
$ Ir e * stu dd e d o c r e s E x t r o t in I o * 4 ***- m a x im u m in s u la t io n , 2 e lu d e , o u t b u ild in g a n d h o r s e |»9»*4R» RM -heeA su n ke n tub. we! facilities Betise M u rr y en this one b? r *ully coro era a p lus m e m b e r at S/ 4 ,$oo 
B r o k e r s p r o t e c t e d 
* ■ ' L o * " 1 * 
“ " d 
; John Phiipott 342 4*o8 
Sw im C lub H o m e open d aily tor u ^ L i - - - ------- in s p e c t io n 
D r i v e out IM IO lo n w 
» H O M E S I T E S 
L e o n S p r in g * exit, p ro c e e d on r « ° o to C o m p S t a n le y l l*- o c r e s sig n , t u r n r ig h t , go l ' i mr to 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
|Oak N a e studd ed acre, IO m ile s in o r t h of tow n 
H o t w a le r a n d e lectricity on w ide p ave d ro o d s 
I O w n e r m u st se ll q u ic k ly , little jd o w n w ill f in a n c e b a l a n c e 
497 3751, eves. >77 935$____________ 

4 Bedroom in Eatroaks 
744$ P I M L I C O ( L O I 49) 
N ew lu x u ry hom e built on hillside 
| of a $ a c re tract d e sign e d to ex 
;ploit the m a g n ific e n t v ie w s a n d cooling su m m e r b re e ro s Fo o te r m g 4 b ed roo m s. 3 baths, g a m e r I 

COUNTRY LIVING 
F o r H eal E state in B u lv e rd e . C all 
Jim H anley, B ro k e r Sa n A ntonio 
D ial D ire c t 497 2421 A N Y T IM E 
BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
{*9 7 )471 
R E A L T O R 
1 41* 7442 
I c d m m r v r r v r m r 2* a c r e s lr- 
M oated lan d with m c * rock hom e. la r g e s w im m in g p o o l, 4 m ile s if r o m c it y lim it s , f o r s a l * b y ow ner 734-41o1 

COUNTRY 
O A K V I L L A G E N O R T H 
T op of hill. I a cre c le a re d view O w n e r anxious, a ssu m e 
A P P R O X 2 A C R E S , not beautiful land, P ro n c m e D o e r D r R e d u c e d 
I $12,ooo 
: S C E N IC L O O P , c re e k s, hills, op prox 2 a c re s M a k e otter $15,4oo 
G R E Y F O R E S T , o 745 o cte t, al 
Iro c tra * location, p riced lo sell 
$4ooo 
Van Buren & Assoc 
*o4 /17 ! 
699-oo64 
433 1247 

C o u n t r y E R 6 p f c t iT V ------- 

 t P i A cre s, beautiful w a rm home. 
I su rro u n d e d b v tre e s 
3 or 4 Be j b room s, I-, nu a re a 79 x 14 with fireplace, cove red p olio 

 j A lso 7 ' i o c re s with 4 bedroom , I burh hem e, lo vo lv don w ith tiro 
| aloe*, wet bar 

I C O U N T R Y E S T A T E R o c k h om e on I tree studded a cre s, 14 m ile s from 41o on B a n d e ra 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H o l l i d a y 

T w6 A ^ r e W V i V E V 
N o r t h o n G u a d a l u p e 
S c e n ic w oods o nd topsoil H ig h a b o ve a d e a r cle an g ra v e l bottom riv e r 
$ 1 2 ,9 o o 
O w n e r w ill f in a n c e 
R o b e r t S m it h , 4 *1 2o61, it n o answ e r, 494 4777___________________ 

TWO STORY BOERNE 
L o r g e h o m e w ith fo rm a l liv in g r o o m . d in in g ro o m , b r e a k f a s t room , tom ily ro om with fireplace 
2 b e d ro o m s u p sta irs a nd m a ste r 

WATERFRONT HOME 

C A N Y O N L A K E H I L L S 
22oo SQ 3 T 2 S T O R Y 
D U P L E X W IT H 7 F I R E P l A C K S 
TW O W A T E R F R O N T L O T S 
2 D E C K S 4 E N C L O S E D P O R C H 
R E D U C E D $5oo* B Y O W N E R 
F I E M in i I T E R M S 
N O W $3 9,9o o, 49 4 22 3/ 
W e e k e n d hide a w a y or per m a n en! hom e in reso rt c o m m u n ity 4$ m ilo s N orth on 7*1 F u rn , cai eel ed b o o l a n d m o tor, t h * w o r k s 
$74,5oo 4*4 1)7* 
'fxT T 'T J a k V 6 N U k l i A t l i 
T R A C T S 
23o LOTS 

 p T T a T T T n T T r o r T f r r r T o n d e M j 
R d inside 14o4 F o r resid e ntia l or r o m m e r ic a l u s * . R e a s o n a b l y p riced 454 IVOO 
I a c r e s on S u lp h e r S p r in g s r d l w a le r, e le c t ric it y , S e p t ic ta n k, 
$5,ooo *49 
T S T iT b io i k r a W 
Te e T . o i n 
I i o e a ro o m s u p tra irs a n a m a ste r I ? '* 1.4*1 °* cen te r, to r de dow n F in ish e d utility ro o m p lu s 2 
. .. c a r g a ra g e 
» 
B oerne, Tx 
B M. George Really 
S 
M o m w 
1-2*9 

F a n y o n i A h i , G o e r*, n t x l lo 
M o ra P a rk . sw im m in g pool, alec fric ify . w n ie r w o e k e n d ro k o rt s o * lo lim n e l Kite $2,9oo e quity 

-BANDERA COUNTY 

• UPPtR SABINAL CANYON ' 

This cou ld w ell b e yo u r b est investm ent for 1 9 7 7 ! 

A F A M IL Y w e e k e n d le tie n t w ith sh a llo w 
R IV ER , tall frees d e e p soil, lo g room , o ld form n oo se , (sn u g o n d re a d y for o c c u p a n c y ) o n d 
2 5 A C R E S ) Perfect lo catio n 
$ 5 o , (X K ) O w n e r fin a n c in g 
E xclu siv e sh o w n b y a p p ointm en) 
J.K. LEIGHTON 

R E A L T O R S 

V o rtc lu rp o o l. 7 8 8 8 5 
5 I 3 - 9 6 o - 3 4 o o 

7471 oraner, *$4 1147 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Y O U R O W N R E T R E A T 
$ a c r e * w ith la r g e m o d e r n a ir 
, c o n d itio n e d 3 b e d ro o m . 7 b a th <*« • " » ^ e l u d e d in W o o d la w n 
H ills 
B u ild now or h o ld for in 
I vestm ent T cr im a vaila b le $J HOO 
■ o $4ooo. P a v e d s t r e e t s 
A ll 
] utilities N e a r S c h o o ls a n d shop- 
[ping N e a r B a n d e ra R d a n d B en ru e D r 
F o r d e t a ils c a ll L o u is 
Flo res, 717 ll# f 
I C o r n e r lo t ' K e n t w o o d M u n o i] 
[ 535oo or B e st offer *9 * ss i i 
[ f or Sale 
V a c a n t Lei. i i * honelTo i O i v Iv e 
H o lly w o o d P o r k a r e a 
I H S * 1*o C ontact Owner 
H oyt M 
F o s t e r , 
V a n d e i p o o l 
R o u te , 
Utopia, Tx ($17)964 1**1 
7T 

 h om e 7 sh ads, tank, good g r a s s a nd no city taxe s $5o ooo F I R M 
o24 O II), N ite s 455 >471 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S in RISOR! PROPHITT 

Ti r ^ l 'r e . ' TT mTTo* 'n orth oT 
Sabinal I ' i miles of M e beautiful 
S a b in a l R iv e r . G o o d fe n ce s, h u n te r's cabin, 4 wells, I w ile su b m e rgra b l* pum ps Bxcellrnt deer cmd fur hay hunting USO per acre with good term s 
41 A C R E S , l l m iles north at 
Sabinal Good buntine and beau tiful view 
$45o per a e r* 
Good terms 
4*4 ACH BS. I mites Southwest of 
Hondo Good well with windmill 
V ery enod deer, dove. quail ond turkey hunting Excellent g ra ss co ve r 
IS I A c re s c le a re d and b ru sh sto c k e d $5oo per a cre , some terms 
74 A C R E S , * miles Northeast ot 
Hondo Sm all pond, good fa rm ­ land $75o per acre, good term s 
*4 A C R E S , * im Southw est of 
C a stro v ille . G o o d fe n c e s a n d i os* fences Sm all m obil* home, 
2 tanks, tom e coastal Berm ud a and kiln* grass. 11.ooo per acre with 29% down Tarm s negotiable 
JOO A C R E ST O C K P A R M , I m iles n o rth of K n ip p a . M a n y Im provem ents SOS* par aero, 2 *% down 
ISO A C R E F A R M , S m ile* west et 
Hondo $7oo par aer*. 2 t% A ,*,- 
IOO A C R E S , IO m ilo s so u th of 
Hondo I tanks, 4o acres coastal berm uda, 4o a cre s so rp h u m al- m um pros 
$4oo per aero, 
29% down 
19$ A C R E S, 4 miles nerfhseest ut 
C astr ovine 4o Acres M help, well with windmill, sm all pend Good hunting *7oo per acre, 19% down 
C L A U D E SC H U E H I t R E A L T Y 
I H I I/TH S T R E IT 
HONDO, TX 
7o*41 
$12 4241417 
SI7-424-2SIB 
M E M B E R T F R A 
14 A 7 P F T n e a r 6 * v l n * for d e v e lo p m e n t 
O ff 17), n e a r schools Goodwin. H S I/ IS , Loo nard Realty, 724 s7$s i i ~I 7 T IT ~ n * or' T teosonlon w.ih b ru s h , m e sa u ito . d e a r, a n d 
Javolina $55o par a e r* Owner filial.red Coll T C X M A C R E A l 
TY 5 A 774 ooo1, night I $4* I M I 

Comal, Kendall Co t or Moro 
DON SMITH CO 
*9o 144o 
B R O K E R 
49o 714) i c roue* traits, smuiToown, small monthly, beautiful oaks, no rack or radar Call M o o ** 142 2514 

 a T E T A 6 "! T I T C 'Y $. U . l a ir s 
[Croefc Ranch Low Law down 
4o4-4211 ar 751 *941 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

* ACRE NVY 
Beautiful oak trees, 4 mites from 
Bandore Rd and Leap 4Io d e c fruity, telephone No CHV taxes 
No mobiles Biff E ssex 34) 5*41 h ACRE NVY 
C lo s* I* U T SA . U S A A , M ePical 
; Center Paved streets, electricity, telephone, ve ry clo s* in bul ne city taxes No mobiles $3 9*5 $3o m onMly BHI E ssex M I 1*4! 
Century 21 *llorpa^WHIper nTTioTui Real E i'o i# r if * 4411 trbm ^ 
'• ‘f® 

ERA 
533-31o/ 
JACK MITCHELL 
R t o l l u r 
o/3-1o18 

WHY WAIT lei M e sum m er rush ll you d o * I 
• e m I* m are until june you heifer pet this o n * before lh * ie# ge up 3 bode Hems. 2 bum s ay • gem ups * catboat pl i vamp e«d Bud! m s In level* Fe i os) Crabs Priced rn J* s 
44 IM I #r *49 I I J I Anytim e 

SD? PRESTWICK 
I bdrm doltheus* en corner let. hying roam plus den, central neat 
$72,5oo o2* o284 R E A L T O R S 
S T O H IN C H__ 
J, hY t T y 'io*% 
Form a Stone J bedroom in High iond M ill* w ith la s t ly c a rp e t thruogf Ste this energy saving beauty teddy 
Cult 
Jim 
Niles 
37/4*21 
72x1$ F A M IL Y R O O M plus 3 bedieem s. fam ily flying, attached e a r * * * , built in s end co ita l makes M is Highianp Hills nom * e bar aam a l SIO 5oo Ne down V A or tre e * C all Joh n 
OMPS 913 s i l l 
N E A R H IG H L A N D S High Schgpi immaculate 13 7 with lei moi Ira nip end septuple fam ily teem, tra> etui ours un appliant es ten tipi keel un und lew H S.OPP price 
E a sy term s or trade (.ail J C 
! a d p * T)/ #444 
Days 1A M (P M com $11 111! r iel uni 

Deanie Owens Ce ne At I O R I H Cynical Oft 

Century 21 

IH I 
IG H U tft 111 * * # * 
• I N I I I AHO N I W I 

- L l * f i r b e * but law price Im m aculate 2 be­ droom home. stove, retrig. large ra n te d y a rd 
V A ne dow n, no t locin * tests 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 4/1 1*o) 
I I 
I a r g * liv in g d in in g kieor schools L A F B K A H 31/ IM * 

L O M E Q U IT Y - N ear Lackland, d e a n I or 4 btdroom with coly fam ily living Only $25oo equity 
Let us show you Ibis on* today I 
G A SE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO evil o*9o Eves St* OOHS, 342 /712 
KEY GROUP 
M u st loft. by ow n **. V alle y Hi urea I I I with central air heal. fully carpeted, lu re * patio, nice ranted yard. c h e r extras *1* 5oo s is * * vaulty ar Pest oner Assum e low paym ents 474-Ate* 
N i l it" H i t L I M B A L B m e n 
SCH O O L Nice I bedroom sepgr e t* p in in g, la rg e kitchen, de la t h e d ear ope 
V A Its,O O *. 
9234127 974 7*22 

N o i in Id W illia m s o n 
N x H H " l f g T f t T lT T T " H 6 
F R O E S E M I No Pawn pay men! I* anyone, J 4 bed room s 7 balds 
Seme with air um p eh appliant os 
Fuvm enls less MPH rent! 
B O B De K A U I O 
$22 5281 
R E A L T O R n o — n u p it m c — n r n n r c r 
F R O B L B M i 
Ne Pawn atrament I* on yens |4 sear aum I baths seme with pti end aunt.anc es to v n.enls less 

D e FA O E O 
• B A I TOR 

A L L OR F A R T 
$74* F E R A C R E 
Only mm from baal ram p al Can yen Lake Owner will finance at 
o % simple BKI Mushes B i aker, 
142 1*oo lf "icirp* al ie f r a c r . off H IM . 
F reify oak*, excellent hunting 
Jim Ashley Real t stare 4P4 *27* i Acres. Canyon i a1 r i«ea noin m g down $4* 4* mo Jim Ashrav 
Reg try 224 /7/4 
I i i acres, 

I F A IR O a k 5 sales office 
DON SMITH CO 
69*7*4* 
B R O K E R 
*9*7*32 

 j~I I b 8 6 6 M W k 
I acres Fireplace Located near 
B o e rn e 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
I R E A L T Y 224/1/1 
BT I R 6 . f t x i i New Brick H hom e, c o v e re d p o rc h , u tility 
I room , H u ge co rn e r fire p lac e . 
! w in d o w se al, q u a r r y t il* on 
[ trance, oven ond cook top built 
; into brick. 145* hying or to, on 2 i fats $18 SOO Owner ($173811 49$/ or ( S II 1*314*2* 

BOERNE 
; l l A C R E S , with ric h soil a n d per motion! creek for ticking and 
; huge Cypress. Oofc and Recon 
- trees 
{ C O U N T R Y H O M E w ith 4 be dream, fireplace, large covered ooh*, stables on 4' , wooded ar re* 
$ A C R E T R A C T et o a k s with waler and eraclrictty. lust a m il* off IM I*. 
ED MERGELE CO. 
R E A L I O R S 
I* * Saunders, Boerne. T i 
24* ISIS. 
249 2*4* 
14* *244 
$ A direct Im * *24 *117 

6(1 OWW 
R E A L T O R S sU V d ow n for riverfront lot 
W ooded on I it ll* B la n c o 
W 
Rosa 1 /79 4/52 
D ^ L A V , I v Owner, I bedroom! kitchen. I bath. Hying, bra utility room on I' a aer#* Attic can be con ve rte d into b e d ro o m s end both 1 474 3541 

FLORESVILLE AREA 
3 4* a cre , Older 3-7 I b ric k 
R e m o d e lo d 
M o n y b o r n * a n d pens, fenced and lots of extros 
$42,*o* Roberta While $33 / 1* 3, rotes 1)3 i/*3 
B O B JO N ES. R E A L T O R S 

K E Y JID P 

OUTSTANDING 
INVESTMENT 
PROPERTY landau) County 4$ minutes (tem 
Sen Anlnmo. norfhwati bonks of beautiful Medina ink* Al tutu, ap proximately MOO ft lek* Isentogt 
A lommondrng ponoromu V t** of lh* lek* ond wirouitdms bdls from any point Kiana lh* bluff Im*, idea! tor homesrtt Mvetopment lot! for more about th* potubihtitt of tim btouhlw! property 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 
C V X 

H ills s u b d iv is io n . 
Co, SI $oo bes! offer 

| w ________ i ive S o l 
Guadalupe 
111 5429 
4 ll/ L it 
L A O R F I s t 
In M I 
L au re l Sub D ivisio n t i front ff with paved alley, ideal for min lum um arara home N ear T U R 
T IE C R E E K C O U N T R Y C LU B . 
Med Center. U SAA. etc, $14.OOO 
6*4 44o$ M o n F r i o r 141 $446 
SA M l* F M daily Will 7 Inane* 

13 ACRES 

E co n i utilities 
648 )3**LO R IP P S K l T y rag o«4t old $29 oo* 
| I t A c re s I aT'l To nco, sm e ll house, good fop sell, nice (reel 
Jim Ashley Real E lio t* S M 47/4 

BOERNE AREA 
OOM. I* i both he 
3 B E D R O O M , l 'i both heme in a aural neighborhood, lust 2 y rs 

S E C L U D E D 4 2 2 R a n c h Style 
Rock, en appro* Ii oofc studded acres set,M i 

5.3 ACRES 
HIU COUNTRY VIEW 
Rancher wonts Ie sell near Twin 
Sisters, $i/i# with owner Hnanc- mg 
H B C 
R E A L 
E S T A T E , 
*13 l i lt ______________ f " Acres in lie n e e ti" 2 mi from 
Bianco Rivor, payed road iron fug* Far n i t 8 1 8 H S * 
T Ii a c E e S rn WiW C oonily Bur net County Doer. quuti provide fin* hunting Beautiful M y* oak lr*#*, sera# acres in cotTraatian 
I mf 
Burnet 
S II 
/se 279) ar f t M I R 
_________ 
W i Le r es 77 mi agst of Tun I n ’ fem e, en IM I * ii i , t e e tarot 
CALL I Ie 7am and I la tiara 
/I* *417 

SO U TH O F B O E R N E . 1*ox2o*1*1. electricity, and double p a ra g e with attached 13x12 room $* too 

2* A C R E S W IT H Large oaks and beautiful b o u d in * sties O w ner financed with excellent te rm s t it s * per acre 

AMASON REALTY 
A ff lr W I# *1 
I 
I W i l l ! 
E b f 'm 
I raii r S T U w n H u g e lives. wKI bund I* suit II desired 
S II SF* ISS) or SU* 2541 
I V 6 W U I R 5 Ac r e s 
Helotes 
■ a r a 
M f I*** 

 m m 

S N SJH 
N I 
I t sp tu rn e r 
J a w * lik e a s* 
J A J R E A L T Y 6/4 E M I A n ytim e 

 i t n l i u i psf 
I t # * 

 is m i rn 
•ran w e ll B e a u t ifu l k a m e s iip s 
J E R R Y 
B A C O N 
R E A L T O R 
621 I t l l *72 JZH. Et I 129$ 

 tr a m r n 
« S u > f B . K a K en ft) i d K SP P par p e r * 
E a s y hums YH M H *21 IOU i d i i t s i — 
.....- - - * * 4 * 4 1 * 

 tactkfras 
L E K A m sw n ii n tfiFV T i roiu* l ipg E bpiEA L u r p i p en m g h w o * is 
1 y e a ** eld 
AM p ric k J I h a m * 
L a r g e t e e m s 
S w im m in g g e o l 
2 slay v m etal bor n n lig a tio n wail e n d o a o ip m e n t 
F i s h i n g p a n g 
I g i g s oak and M c s a ry fraps Wire 
TP t u r p s pf c a a s tai 
D oor a n a n e n d d a v e 
C a l l 
#14 p s i I o r 
1 7*2 1*4# tar appointm ent 
IV 5WHIB IW'h 
H T I ak 
I i o a k p lo d d e d A c r e s 
F i r * p ro**- c ove te d make fenced * # * * shed L ls m r E m sa m p 
M a le tv 
M m 
Ie U S A A 
F t o o s a a l V e u e v 
• s la te s s n e « of B oe rn e i n t i tis tip? 

I a cre w ith beautiful O a k treat y o u r o w n w a le r f r o n t T e r m s ! 
Oval lob I*. 447-1753, PIP OISE 

'HANDYMANS DREAM 
I ak afront, p e c a n s 7 w ells 
14 84 AC, l l, stucco, lan k 
128 o44$ 
734 )744 
6/5 o62* 
W A T S O N A S O N R E A L T O R S 

H ELO TES 
I A c r e s p lu s 
N e w w ell, fence, e t e c t r u ily . t o e d r e a d s , se p tic lunk p erm it Bra O ak T ree s For sa le a n d F in a n c e d b v O w n e r. I a m not a R e a l E stale A ge nt it you d o n 't h a v e m o n e y d e n t b e th e l m e SVS WOS 49$ IH S 
^ C l O t E s . lu c r e s , sce nic view 
Ow ner s»1 *3/7 Oh 6p m w e n d s' 
M IL L C O U N T R Y IO A C R E S b e a u t ifu l h ills a n d fr e e s 
$359 d o w n p a y m e n t, $$4 I * p e r m o 
F m om .od by ow ner C oll 734 959* i t a l --------- f b i kl T IV tw n riffl 
A R B A 
B a d w eather h a s ta k e n i f s tell m u st se ll J h o u s e s o r fa c e th * b a n k e r 
A n t e d fro m $49 $ ** u p 
T hese hem es a b sa u la f*iy can f be dup licated tar th u s* p ric e s L u x e ry typ e w ith w oad sh a k e r e e f reek and redw ood e x te rio r, h r * p la c e s a n d wet b a r s 
C o n s id e r boots, auras, trave l tra d e rs ai rod m u le fo r d o w n p a y m e n t 
N e realistic ofter will he refused, leis fo lk ' Call collect 249 I M I . 249 7744 
- • a g f f i i T f c i i h iu s o u u ~ 
SP acres, new m etal n orse h a m , 
1*o* ISS inaeer a n d outdoor a re n as. I * sleds, ra c e ru n s roc* ra n c h house, hr value*, aero 4$ m iles Ie 
$ A 
8 d u lly $9$ bee N e g o tia b le 
L A N D O N M A R T IN *o4 *991 

HUNTING RANCH 
BY OWNER 
I t a c r e s n e a r L e a k e y , T e x a s 
W avily w oaded L iv e * a * a nd P in o n d m * P lenty of Deer a nd tu rk e y 
SIAU dow n O w ner financed e asy term s P hene $12 t$7 $ 349 after s 

TOH I." f lo r a T U * 
I U T T T W H i ; 
P O P e * 747 t airan 
Tx 

I tpii r a t i) »T9 n o s 
M 
M 
I 
• m d * nor lh from L o o o N 99 Pe s i r e d toe o ile d , d e e p set) e n d w eeded ai mu m otet atar h tid y , end phene P a y m e n ts of $42 79 of 
7 % sim p le in te re st atter sm e lt a * » » pint L ey batlet *rv rjjy 

CANYON LAKE 
S ACRE TRACTS 

 le k* futilities un* boat ramps near by Toner oner nates, mony let** oak trees S IK O per air* end up w e M S baloo morkat veto# dp Ie IS yews to pay el e s for eppoinfmeni Call 
4 9 7 -3 5 7 1 
1 -8 9 9 -2 1 8 1 

NEAR UTSA 
VO* ISO ti level lot with nil utilities 
M in u te s o w u v ii urn U T S A and 
U S A A ro t d etails dud vie w in g. 
( OII J47 4115 A N V 11M I 
WORLD WIDE REALLY 
3 re sid .iiC u l lo ls / ’o f f T a T P e iT r ? 
S iS O U e a ih ow ner c u rry 
7 14 5434 C P K O S U B 147 o141 

732 HMttAM BANDH 

A b s o lu t e ly F a n t a s t ic , fin # l e e 
______ era us with o m ountain loo home. {41 A C E E I. U to p ia , lo 
•o< under l f I, SPO within on hour s 
- in . - 

N E B e x a r C o u n ty , w a te r lin e , I i m im e lei ram . b u d d in g sight with view tor m ile s O w ne r fin a nced land Locators ot Texas 
$ A 441 Ilk *, *4/ I I J I 
$ ( H L I T nor iii of t o n in fe rn o ," ss *oo, liber ol fin a n c in g by o w n or 
534 M/4 
I U A M I S OW f a i M l i . It aes. goad h unting H w y 9o W fra n la ge 
O w ner h n a n c * M SO ac 
L e n n a r d 
R ealty, 714 4/S* 
_______________ 
.ira a c r e s , e n * h o u r H W , } s p r i n g s , $2 9$ p e r a c r e , w it h term s. R a n c h M o r s e l *74 O IS* h i A c r e s o r f m e f a r m I o n ! ! c le a r e d , r e e l p lo w e d . 77 m i southw est of Flo resville , $6oo per ac 
O w ne r financed 
494 *o34, 
344 44*7 
I M I W 
H 
' H o ne w a ll n e a r L U 
R a n c h 
2 w ells, sp rin g , 4 tan ks, o o h s a n d g r a ss , w ildlife p o le r* 
O w n e r f in a n c e 
G o o d w in , 
*14 2715, 
I en n a rd 
R e a d v , 

 a w n e r w ill c a r r y n e t# d riv e o n d I I I b u y rf, O th e rw ise M u u i * M e a l B S id le I 2 / 1 4 1 * 2 , 
J o h n F h ilp o tt o w n e r b u y m ine 
B ro ker, pr otei fed 

1ooAC.LAVERNIA 

1, A C R E M e d in a Lafcefrent h a m * 
N ice y a rd trees 
A n e a th * 
I » /SI 31/5 
! a cre s of beautiful M e d in a R iv e r 
F ro n t p rop erty e ve r 33* ft water h u n t 
3 2 hem e 
P retty 
O a k s 
$$4,9oo 
69* 4211 * r /St 994) 
F I O N U P R E A L T Y 

 b e d r o o m 

T M M i 

- W 
I ­ 
T E A t E S T A n 
B u * et Said tor yea ( 
2*4 *31/ 
M I I I M 
J A IM 

P R O K E * 
C RR 
■ M 
S >41* 

I S E L I !*§ ** 

2 b e d r o o m b e m e a l 
B e a ch 7 nice leis 
4*4 4211 or /SI 9941 
P I O N E E R R E A L T Y 
Bv w w yr™ 
F O R S A L B O R L B A S E . hom e on 
M e d in a f ly e r . 7 b ed room trader with io r p * o H a c h e d p o rc h on % a e ro w ppded lot- 
J ** i o n or 
S lf-S H -P P lf 
C A N Y O N L A K E 
M O B I L E L O T 
IO ,*** sg It fantastic view Fool b oa t r a m p n e a r b y 
$14**, $1o* down. / I m o al $21 43 A F K 1 % 
M E L M I L L E R 
224 2 3 34 

CANYON UKE BEAUTY! in I a m or ack S h o re * with full la kovraw N ow 14*74, tastefully fur ru sh e d 2 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath F H A 
M o b il* M o m * on la rge free slu e dad to!, central hoof arr, 12x12 sun deck. • etr tear a b n p lu s m a n y es 
Ir e s 
Su b d iv isio n h a s e xce lle n t u n v o t e p e e l, p e r k s a n d b e a l la u n c h in g loc dittos M u st se * ie appreciate A b a rg a in af $24.3**! 
D A V O R N IT E 4$$ 4*41 
Morton Southwest Really n ursa lY /ir 'iv awwnr 
$ o n e s en p a v e d re a d overtook m g lake, near boat la u nch Lots et f r e e s , w a le r e le c t r ic it y , w ill d ivide h n a n c * *94 7/1/ e t* 1911 

CANYON UKE 
S H IL L SIO ® L O T • B E A U T I F U L 
View s i* # * E a s y T e rm s 
■ la r g e tu t 
T re e s N e a r L a k e 
Mobil* O K - Easy Terms 

C o p t 
E 
J o n u s 
I m -E3n 
' 

CANTON IAU b e a utiful I a k av raw h u m * with 2 bear earns 
J baths, la rg o ram ify ro o m w ith f ir e p la c e a n d h ig h 
Se a m e d i e lim as aeetsiop cut e * I* w ood dock 
B u n t m s th ro u g h o u t 
• ***e d vat a 
I M W 
Nrtos 
.*• *• *. 
1*4 MI/* 
P O N J O H N S O N B R A L T O R S 
KET GROUP 

N ice h ou se 4 out b ud d in gs, trad orch ard . Moll, sleek tank, b la ck lo sandy loam , H a s e ver vlh m e JO E i 
V A J D O S , R e alto r ( S U I 78o 722$. k a m e s City 
IJ H AC LIVE OAK at 
1 Ac in r aa slat near K e n n e d y creek, best bottom land in T o ra s 
79 - dn, ow ner ca rry. # % , *4 * ORT 1 1 
179 *445 
/ I* 1/44 
4/5 *679 I y i * t > 9 * 7 A t V H t . | A ^ T 9 B > 
7* a cre fa rm n eor N e w B ra u n fe ls. I 
O w nor fin anced 
6*4 S IH or /SI 9941 
P lO N f c E B U t A l TY 
*7 a ero Ira* oak hills J a m s h u g * 
Y ranch, dee r-fu rke y $39$ per a c re I 
F o i b l e lib e r a l term *. 1 * 9 * 1 4 4 * 
, 

■ M 
A Sam ple A ss o c PIS H S * ■ b r o k e r s } f t , w ^ | t 

 buy shed, trot for sh o d Ir n lo a a lion available F lu s oil pi adat hon 
14o* per a i r * 
14* AC R E S, aroid w alei tank oak trees sm ell house S IS * per U CI# 
O w ner hnanc ed 
J» A C R E S , e x c e lle n t fa rm la n d . lr online H w y 1*1 I 
R E S lend. 4 ro om house, on 
4$ m ilo s south 
Sa n 

32oo acre Rancti 
In on esiote on p a v e d road, good nam ing, ' lim n er a is and term s 
STEWART R E A L T Y 

34V 6V 3b - I / / H /6o4 

4 * A c re s, $ 1 ,2 ** o n a c re , 
E te rn e , 424-4211. 
4o A c re s, S I 2*4 a n a c re , 
OeudfP. 474 4/1441 

GODO ACRES 
C o m b in a t io n ta i rn a rid r a n c h 
O v e r 3 * * * a c r e s in c u ltiv a t io n , i le a d y I* plant A m p le irrig a tio n waler, well watered, wed fenced new pens, tenant n o u s* Th* ve ry best h u n tin g in So u th T e x a s ! A real opportunity pf a ■ e o to n e b h price 
H E A R N P R O W S E P ro p e rtie s n i m rn * 
_______ 
2o ACRES t o s t B e x a r C om ity, sa n d y la m * su d an g ra ss, ro a d fro m a g e water lino. raw taxe s 1 * % dow n, I i % 2* ye a rs im locators of Texas 

I * a i r t s . H i g h w a y f r o n t a g e . now s* well, td a sra t p on s, rank, n e a r 
N ix o n 
M M 
B u t u t * 

' • 
| lw 
JR ACRES H IL L C O U N T R Y 
O n ( o n t o lin o o f la r g e t o u c h m ony P eel turkey ja v e lin s, $49$ d ow n p a y m e n t, $// 27 p e r m a 
O w ner u n u m m g e vad ab le 
C all 
PIP TPR* 

147 ACRES 
MEDINA RIVER 
Hew w eald yea b k * I * o w n a bout a m d * *1 M e d in a R iv e r f i s M a y y ’ 
Hotter a d s of h uge pee an Ii e es in a ai Ox* n e o r Outturn P L U S Irate* o n # p a s t o r * M ind 
** M i p a v e d le a d ft a n la g e c * m p i * i * ) y 
'• a n e m * $ i rosin house O m s I rn m ute ut Leap P l* 
SPI OPP* 
*44 *7 4 3 
PATRICK ■ DAVIS 

. Y l W b A M U 

IOO AC b la c k t o p ^ ! 
Aniente 
Dicii Twill Rui Lime k a r n * * city. Texas 
I /PO 26o4 
7*o 1 1 *7 

A f l X T O T -f f l U H T V . * M ocres. 
7 m i W est et P o i* *! . T M acres. I m i off J I ' on old F le a so n Ion R d 
Colt i l l 4*4 71$) or 34* 1417 n w 
B W x f g a i f t v N a u t 
Upper Sa b in a l C a n y o n W ater 
J R I E IG M f O N . R E A L T O R S 
V o n d o i pool. Tx 
S I) VS* IS M 
— r a r us about our rip so di r u ra l p ro p e rtie s 2 M O A c re s 
Seif I A A sso c, Moulter * *74 71*5 
; s r a n r a r it A L Tv------- 
G ood so i*( Iran F o r m s N o m hex 
I JJP 5*91 I JTP $71* 
Seguin, Ta 

 n y g g m 
B ' i i v i i ---------- 
R o a c h * * , la r g e a n d s m a ll 
Sp e c r a i n i n g in l h * 
F i g * 
I C re e k - B a n d e r a - -M e d in a a re a 
1 4,ni Taylor 424 4*o4 
Deer" atrail tu rk e y J a v a lm a i i i 
! A cre s, K in n e y C o O w ner h n a n i m g available, 
$1) 274 943) alter 
5 F M 

EAST BEXAR COUNTY 
2 b e d ro o m . 2 b eth , n ow tim e ly h om e en b e a u tifu l 2 a e ro lr a tl, c ro o k tre n fa a e , r o a d fro m a g e , w ater hoe, a n d septic syste m 
Hid locators if Inn 
S A 447 lls * , 64/ 1)3) c f w i i B ? B i w u m i r v 
B u y year tend from tee n ative s 
F I F E C R E E K TR 44$ 4 4 o 
F o r m »f»«l R a n c h I istin gs M o n ie d 
SP A c re s ar large r within 4$ m ile s of San Aniente W rit* iud details end RTW es 
I O C O IA , R E A L T O R 
S I I M c to lte u g b A v * 
Sa n A n io n to, 
T e x , ll / E iE s. 
H M I N . l l * 5*18 o n ’rear ew e 11 1 a c re s fra m in g en rake R ig h oe s. gaud sud fro m p a v e d ro a d I* im 
99 af Boerne, ad ler tl/ 7 t per p e r* 
F IF E IR fc fc K R E A L T Y 69* H P I 

Ira C u m Rifled 
O v e r **u p s u n of hill t p u m r * beauty int* p ron * p a ra d ise h a s ) sp r in g led rakes se v e ra l c re e k s e n d i s u n n y n s p l in e s 
G a m * e e l* i * —‘in duet f a ls e r ie velum e nd bob c a ts 
Oro# I m ile H e m 
( e s e s m exi p e p u '*> state p a rk 
(G a r n e r I ane priced lo sen 
DROPIK LIES 
I le a k e r T i l r 
* Off >11 i l l IF 

H U N T T N r a i in (a r g * ro a c h w rote* of 
I I I * * d e a n pay m e al a nd pet m a ( a k I U t m 

232 FARMS AWD RANCHES 

San A ntonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 19 1 9 7 7 
4111 APARTMENTS FURN 

BEST UniE RANCH 
IN KERR COUNTY 
261 Afret, excellent grazing for cattle, 4 pastures, good fences, deer and turkey. Comfortable 2 bedroom ranch house 
Perfect retreat rn home Only SI 69,ooo 
Good financing 
NAYLOR REALTY 
INC. 
P.O. Box 51 
Ingram, Texas 78o25 
PHON!: (512) 367-5319 lucille Hogan (512) 367-233o 
Dearie Smith (512) 367-5592 jacob WoinHaimer 
(512) 257-3o9o 

2 3 2 -FARMS AND RANCHES 

“ UTOPIA IN 
THE HILLS” 
Neot fikfe-w -w ay w ith your 

 p riva te HUH H eavily tim bered tittie (hock, pood (trite. IO ck re t 

Call t u n a THOMPSON 
512-966-341o 
J.K. HIGHTON, REACTORS 
Vanderpool, 78995 
512-966-34oo 

GOOD 
H U N T IN G 
A C R E S n o 

"UN RANCHERO” 
B e a u tifu l 1 3 ': a c re s w ith fis h pond, ten n is c o u rt, nice house, a ll fenced 
FO R O N L Y $65,ooo. Ask fo r 
M r. 
O rtiz 
344-3471, 
M ites 
34119o1 
BOB B R E N N E R R E A LT O R S 
U N U SU AL O F F E R IN G Good in v e s tm e n t a n d g oo d fo lia g e fo r gam e and live sto ck. V e ry fle x ib le te rm s on 8o.92 a c re s . IO m ile s n o rth o f H o n d o a t b a s e of H ill 
C o untry. 824-6351. 
S T E R L IN G B U R K E , R e a lto rs 

I 
K E Y G R O U P 
U P P E R S A B IN A L C A N Y O N 
145 o cre s-cre ek-de n se woods 
J.K. L E IG H T O N , R E A LT O R S 
I va n d e rp o o l, 78885 
512-966-34oo 
W A N T E D TO L E A S E 
2oo TO 2ooo ACRES 
. P a s tu re la n d fo r c a ttle 
A d d re s s fu ll in fo rm a tio n to 
G t M cA l p i n 
528 South V a n d iv e r 
Son A ntonio, Tx 782o9 
W ant to lease 2oo 2ooo a cre s pas tu re land fo r ca ttle 
A dd re ss fu ll in fo to G T. M c A lp in , 528 S V an d iv e r. San A nto nio 782o9 
WE CAN S E LL YO U R 
“ 
R AN C H F A R M OR H O M E 
IN THE H IL L C O U N T R Y 
HOUSTO N RAN C H R E A L T Y 
B oerne, Tx 78oo6 
249 2116 o r 249 3314_____________ 
W hat type R anch do you w ant? 
RANCH M A R K E T 226 5184 
Rf 3 Box 221, San A ntonio, 78218 
W hat (vpe R anch do you w ant? 
RANCH M A R K E T 226-5184 
RI 3 Box 221, Son A ntonio, 78218 
W ill tra d e w e ll lo c a te d d u p le x 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 
238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

WE ARE ALSO 
L E A S I N G S P E C I A L I S T S 

MATCHING THE SPACE REQUIREMENTS OF G R O W IN G 
SAN ANTO N IO BUSINESSES 

• O ffice 

•..Retail 

• W arehouse 
S terling B u rk e 

REALTORS 

77o1 Broadway Suite 1o4 
8 2 4 -6 3 5 1 

COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 'I 

SI29.So p er a c re O w ner fin an ced a t 7 sim ple in te re s t w ith S',o dow n p a y m e n t Call 734 7964 
GUADALUPE COUNTY 
IO a cre s, r u r a l w a te r lin e , good soil. Cash or Texas Vet 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A 667-1154, 667 1333 
" HAYES CO 57 AC 
PM 15o, Pig oaks, o w n e r c a rry 
828 o665 
736-1766 
734 4117 
W ATSON & SON R E A LT O R S 

H I L L C O U N T R Y IO A C R E S 
B e a u tifu l h ills a n d tre e s 
$35o d ow n p a y m e n t, $54 19 p e r m o. 
F in a nce d bv o w ne r C all 734-9598 
H i n r 
N E A R 
C O U N T R Y 
K E R R V IL L E 
4 b e d ro om , 2-bath, lo dg e Tennis c o u r t. O n 25 a c r e s o r m o re 
$1oo.4)oo 1 866 3471______________ 

HILLS OF UTOPIA 
78o A C R E S d e e r h u n tin g p a r adise. ru n n in g w a te r and d irt tank 
18o /cCRES lo rg e C y p re s s tre e s and deep w a te r 
C L IN T O N R IE B E R , B R O K E R 
654 AC H E S p e rm a n e n t ru n n in g w a ti-r e x c e lle n t h u n tin g , b e a u tifu l b ric k hom e 
C L IN T O N 
R IE B E R O W N E R B R O K E R 
512-966 3541 

HILLS OF UTOPIA 
78o A C R E S d e e r h u n tin g p a r ­ adise. ru n n in g w a te r and d ir t tank 
18o AC R E S la rg e C y p re s s tre e s a nd deep w a te r 
C L IN T O N R IE B E R . B R O K E R 
651 A C R E S p e rm a n e n t ru n n in g w a te r e x c e lle n t h u n tin g , b e a u tifu l b ric k hom e 
C L IN T O N R IE B E R 
O W N E R B R O K E R 
512-966-3541 

 w o rth $22,ooo f o r re a s o n a b ly p ric e d fa rm ra n c h la nd , P a tric k 
342 3673 
W ILSO N C O U N T Y 
ISO acres good b lack la nd fa rm 5 room house, b a rn s $55o p er a cre 
R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
_____________ 622 3363_____________ 
I rking ranch 
W ill s e ll a ll o r p a r t 
858 a c re s sa nd y lo a m a n d b la c k la n d 
16o a cres irrig a te d A p p ro x 6oo a c re s in Coastal B e rm u d a A p p ro x 
2oo a cres P eanut a llo tm e n t. 5 houses 
65oo soft m o d ern d a iry b a rn 
16 inch irrig a tio n w ell 66oo It riv e r fro n ta g e 
T anks w ith bsh. M a n y o th e r im p ro v e m e n ts in c lu d in g 
4,ooo sa lt. ra n c h house 
35 m ile s fro m SA. m ile fro m tow n T e rm s , o w ner c a rry 349-65o3, 494 2o4o 
Manila Worley Realtors 
ZAVALLA CUUNTY 
3,115 a c re s , 3 ir r ig a tio n w e lls , 8 tan ks, im p ro v e m e n ts too m im e r ous to m e n tio n * A s s u m a b le fin - once, w ill d iv id e 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A 66/ 1154, 667-1333 

236 - COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
SALE 

Office — Yard 
A irport Area 

2 B locks fro m lo o p 4 I o 

 for Rent — TSO sq ft office spore 
— central air and heat IS,OOO sq, ft of yard upper 7 cystine fence. 
Zoned I industrial. Suitable for contractor, wholesale, light manufacturing 
$ 2 5 o M o n th 
8 2 2 -9 3 6 8 

IDEAL 

| 
Department 
Store, 
I 
Grocery, Retail or Of- 
I fice! 
8,ooo 
Sq. 
Ft. 

;| 
Recently remodeled for j 
I 
Winn’s 
Head-ln plus 
I 
; I parking lot. Nogalitos 
I 
I at exit IH35 
I 
I 
I 
Owner— 822-oo92 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

F R O N 

* 4 6 . Weekly 

^ I 5 2 ® Monthly 
Studio, I -2 bedroom* 

N O L IA S ! 

TIMMIS COURT 
ADUIT UVIMO—MO PFJS 

WARREN HOUSE 

3 2 2 2 N . W . L o o p 4 1 o 
"pf in teractio n of D ew fw nt end occeM rood 41o** 
342-4o29 

O F F ICE W A R E H O U S E space"fo r lease, c o m p e titiv e re n ta ls , a irp o rt a re a, C all 341-2243 

 sole 

WANT TO BUY A 
CAVE? 

Yes, we hove one for 

Beautiful formations, 
SO acres 

 plus 12o acres available This is 

 an investor s DREAM1 Areo tourist attraction. 
BOB MCGINNIS, 
REALTORS 
34 9 -6 2 1 1 

Office Warehouse 

24o IRRIGATED AC 
65 Ac b utte! g ra ss, g a rd e n a re a 
I 
•28-o665 
736 1766 
534 4439 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
I 

IO I r r i g a t e d F a r m a c r e s 
N e a r riv e r, w e ll fu rn is h e d , $65o 
Own p a y m e n t 
$1oo 98 p e r m o 
O w ner trn on ce d C oll 734-7964 
K e rrv ille . 212 a c re e x o tic g a m e 
B un ch a x is d ee r, fa llo w deer, tik a d e e r, b la c k b u c k a n te lo p e , m o u lio n sheep D e e r p ro o f fence $$$o a c re , good te rm s 
O w n e r $12-367 5o69_______________ 
K e r rv ille 35o a c re R a n c h -ro llin g h ills w ith g u s h in g s p rin g s 
L a k e w ith b ath and c a ttis h -c le a r w a le r 
O eer a n d tu rk e y $55o p e r a c re 
•m e re st o nly p a ym e n ts a v a ila b le 
O w n er 512 367-5o6V_______________ 

LANDOWNERS 
W e have a t p re s e n t a lis t o< Texas 
V e ts , w h o h o v e re c e iv e d th e ir a p p lic a tio n (Q uick s a le ), lo o k in g to r .la n d N o rth ol S.A. lf you ore in te re s te d ta te llin g , please g iv e u s a c a ll 
LAND LOCATORS OF TEXAS 
S A 667 1154, 667 1333 

LOOK AT THIS ONE! 
A b e a u tifu l la rg e ta n k , fu ll of fish , w ith 28 f t m o b ile h o m e b a rn . c o ra l, tool shed, e le c tric ity , ru ra l w a te r, good m in e ra ls , good to ex 
(e lle n ! fen cin g, s itu a te d on 6U tre e c o v e re d a c re s a p p ro x im a te ly IO ru le s SW o f S eguin 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A 667 1154, 667 1333 

"MEDINA COUNTY 
445 a c re s sooth of B a n d e l a. B d w a rd 's w e ll, o ld Q e rm u n fra m e bouse, good g ra z in g and hun ting , fin a n c in g a va ila b le land Locators of Texas 
S A 667 11 $4, 667 1333 

Monett Lumber Co 
(F A R M A R A N C H R e a lto rs ! 
D ependable Since 1915 
4o7 N Z o rzo m o ro, 432 7881 

M i Catlin Site 
2o a c r e t r a c t 
L e a k e y A re a 
H e a v ily w o o d e d 
G o o d h u n tin g $25o d o w n 
$7$ 3$ m o n th ly - E m o ry jo n e s 714 4677 
NATURAL WATER 184 Aff 
C u rly m e sa uite . liv e oaks, fence sandy lo am , good fin a n c in g 
•28-o*6$ 
736 1766 
67 $ o629 
W ATSO N A SON R E A LT O R S 

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG 
• 7o a c re s w it h 2 p e r m a n e n t s tre a m s , b e a u tifu l r o llin g la n d w ith lo ts o f o a k s , n ew c a b in , 2 w ells. 2 d am s, on pave d co un ty ro a d 

KERRVILLE 
A lm o s t HOO o cre s, 3 m ile s K e rr 
V ille c ity lim its L o rg e s p a n g le d toke . e x c e lle n t d e v e io p e m e n t po te n tia l or re c re a tio n a l o re a close to tow n C o nfa ct John W 
M i l o ) lo ug h , J r . R e a lto r. t-2$7-7$/4 or w rite P O Box 774, K e rrv ille , Tx 
7oo2* 

R m w m r m 
----------- 
11* t ac re h o m e s ite 
B e a u tifu l v ie w a nd tre es, p riv a c y 
$l$,ooo 
O w n er fin a n c e d 
J im 
T a y lo r 
U 6 4 W I 
N e w B r a u n f e ls M itt C o u n tr y 
P ro p e rly Scheel A Assoc R ealty 
647 
A 
Seguin. 
N 
B ra u n fe ls 
*2S-»7». 
6 w N l k - $oo A c re s C a s tro v ille a re a . $ ta n k s , 7o a c re s fie ld . 4o im p ro v e d g ro s s , 3 n ic e h o m e s , 
E d w a rd s w ell I 426 3571 
---------- 5 9 T O I* 
----------- 

171 A c re s , 6*> m ile s 
N C a f 
B oerne W ell, ta n k . m u c h gam e 
656-$ooo. 342 4167 
DON C O N N E L L, R E A L T O R S i i T T T g k A r e t r a l ' i c re s MUI 
C o u n try 
E x c e lle n t w e ll, g o o d to a d s O w ner ftan un cm g 431 * /o t 

- fc A W iT T T iM B 'i - 
Cond Far A ll P urposes 
N o 
7 F ltn lslo ne , 71213 
144 991s 

RIMCO REALTY 
6o6-86oo R anches 4V2 1/ o* 

S.W. MILITARY DR. 
Corner lot, 2oo ft front, heavy trot fir, 2 bedroom home 
GUNSHOP 
Sox4oo, qoort income, small home, double boy auto repait, private financing Call td Owens 826 5463 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS y 3 4 9-112 1 

A v a ila b le . A ll o r d a r t w ith o r w ith o u t S e c re to ry . 655-45o5. 
S M A IL ' B L D G C E N T R A L L Y 
L O C A T E D , id ea l fo r o ffice sm a ll ite m o utle t cle a n e rs , food to go etc 
125 F re d e ric k s b u rg Rd, 732 37o3 

SPACE FO R L E A S E 
H E L O T E S S H O P P IN G C E N T E R 
ON B A N D E R A RD 
674 2181 o r 695 3447 

5oo6 sci ft.' r a ir co n d itio n e d show ro o m , ' j s to ra g e , 2o,ooo sq It of p a v e d p a r k in g on b u s y F re d e r- ic k s b u iq R ood 732-8486__________ 
22oo sq ft b ldg, o ff 1H35 n o rth , $2oo m o, 655 oo87 
8ooo SOFT. WAREHOUSE 
Dock H igh, 18Ft C lear H e ig ht 
No o ffice C ro w In d u s tria l P a rk 
9c p er Sq F I 

CALL 735 91o8 

I BEDROOM 
APTS 
NORTHSIDE 

 e FURNISHED 

 e ALL B IU S PAID 

826-8491 

7 3 2 - 2 1 9 6 

4o1 APARTMENTS FURN 

N e o r H e m is fa ir, o p t c o u p le or w o rk in g la d y 227-6768, 

JJS* 
R E N T A L S 

NEAR SAC 
E H ic, and I B d rm s , fu rn . $1oo. 
$11o P op la r St A pis 223 6695. 
Nice'N'ta 
1 bed ro om , d ra pe s, paneled, c a r pet, a ir, sto ra g e a re a $12o W ater p aid o nly. L a c k ta n d -K e liy a rea 
922-134$ 

MO C H IL b R E N NO P E T S $85 
D u plex, $2o dep , bus, 822-oo4o 
M 6 L ^ a 4 e r e o O i r e d 
N e o r Ft. Sam and d ow n tow n E l­ be A pts. B ills P aid, $89 p e r m o 
22/ 47o2 1954 E H o u s to n ________ 
N o rth C e n tra l L o c a tio n , E lm ir a a nd M cC u llo u g h a nd IH3S. N e a r b u s , a d u lts o n ly 
No p e ts . F u r ­ n is h e d I b e d r o o m , u p s t a ir s . 
W a te r pd 
$11$. w ith dep. 6 M o 
Lease. 226-S3o1 a tte r 6 o nd wee kends, 696-o73o 
NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A t t r a c t iv e t - b e d r o o m , d is h w a she r, shag, pool. B ills od. $16$ a nd up $25 Dep IO M in Ft. Sam 
321o E IS E N H A U E R o ff H a r r y 
W u rrh o c h 822-9195______________ 
N o rth S ta r M a ll a re o 
L u x u ry i a n d 2 b e d ro o m , $155 a n d U P 
L O R I E L 
A PTS . 
255 
R a m p a rt 
342 74oo__________________________ 

O F F H u e b n e r R d 
2 b e d ro o m m o b ile hom e, fu rn . a ir, 824-o337. t, 2 o r 3 ro o m s, 176$ M u lb e rry , 
C oll 432 951o 

P AN A M A P A R T M E N T S 
56o2 B IE N V IL L E DR. OH W eidner rd. M o d ern I B ed ro om , 653-2663. 

SOUm KP^VTUA ow-' 6 WA IVZ M I N TS 
* 

DOWNTOWN 
COMMERCE ST. 

36,ooo sq ti land area, 5,4oo tq ft building through parking from 2 streets, room tor expansion, flexible financing Coll Cd Owens 826- 5463 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 349-1121 

JUST LISTED 

What more could you osk for? 42 

 frailer pads, l l rent houses, 3 

 wells, tennis court. Everything is 

 all layed out Buy if1 Bun it! P-ofit 

 from rf! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

W A R E H O U S E OR SHOP on a lle y, 
C heapest in T o w n ! I t , OOO sa ft 
R e ar 326 A ra n s a s O w n e r 822-oo92 
WAREHOUSES 
A L L S IZES . A L L A R E A S 
LOW re n ta ls 3ack A lte r 342 4151 
6o) W C y p re s s , s u ita b le ra d io , 
TV , b a tte rie s , etc 
$15o m o 
734 327o___________________________ 

F U L L Y 
F q u ip p e d , a ir cond itio ne d , lounge fo r , Lease 
223 7649 

24? INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
FOR SALE 

IN D U S tR iA L LOTS 
A cre and up, Zoned l l ; fu lly d e v e lo p e d 
V I P P ark E asy te rm s . 433 1489 

248 OFFICE SPACE FOK LEASE 

HWY 9o WEST 
Cote, pool h all, p a rty ro o m all e qu ip m e nt, 3-2 hom e. sm a ll dow n, o w ne r c a rry 
828 o665 
736 1766 
534 4439 
W ATSO N & SON R E A L T O R S 
IC E HO OSE 
For sole or lease 
Now va can t, so you can stock as you choose G re a t N S lo c a tio n 
RO HDE 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
696-5311 
I •IN V E S T O R S 

P R L s V ld lO U S o f f i c e s p a £ e 
In g ro w in g N W se cto r R easona­ ble rates 
G re a te r S A 
B u tle rs 
Assoc. 
8925 N W IH IO 696 38oo 
• A L A M O H E IG H T S • 
4 ro o m s u ite 
R e a s o n a b le 
R L. 
S tew art, 828 1221, 514o B ro a d w a y 

• Mixed Dunk Club tor limes a Gym lied free faeime 
(losses 
• Beauty Shop a Sou**o Rhnlpool 
• tennis Courts 3 pools 
• Fiosi Fief iTlngero'ors 
• in Minutes to 
Downtown 

4o32 E. Souther®** 

3 3 7 - 5 2 4 2 

PECAN VALLEY 
Golf Club Apts. 
345o E. SOUTtfCROSS 
333 9o2o 
3735 P l e a s a n t o n r d 
S o u th s id e I b e d ro o m a p ts , c a r p e te d , p o o l, c lo s e to s h o p p in g s c h o o ls 
A ll b ills pd 
$175 m o 
927 4oo1; 822 1383 
P riv a te sm a ll house, b ills pd bus. 
2 room s, sh ow e r, 732-8726.________ 
114 Queen Ann C o u rt, $13o b ills p aid 1oo9 W S u m m it $12$, w a te r p a id , liv in g , b e d ro o m , b a th , k it chee A p p o in tm e n t 826-o336. 
$55 R ent p e r m o. to p erson shar- in g new 2 b ed ro om apt. 736 4778. 
R oom m ate A p a rtm e n t M a te ’ 
We h ave s e v e ra l p eo ple lo o k in g fo r a c o m p a tib le p e rs o n 
C a ll 
M a tc h m a k e r Inc 344-1125________ 
S m all e ffic ie n c y , n ea r tow n, SAC, 
$9o plus dep 735-1638. 

C P M C O R P O R A T I O N 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 & 3 Bedrm . 
Apts 

A ll Electric 
K itchens 
Outside Storage. N S Schools 
441 I G a rd e n d a le 
6 9 6 -4 8 9 2 
- 
--------- 

Q u ie t Hom e 
Style Living 

E ftic to 3 bdrm . Townhouses w ith fireplaces 
12 floor plans 
A dult & Family Areas 

6 6 2 3 C a lla g h a n Rd. 
6 9 6 -3 2 9 o 

I, 2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. Furnished or Un furnished 

11721 P a rlio m cn t 
3 4 9 -3 1 4 9 

 i p a n m fr n 

EFFICIENCIES 
1 2 -3 B edroom Flats to 3 
Bedroom Tow nhouses 

3 8 15 P arkdale 
6 9 6 -3 4 9 9 

T H E GREENHOUSE 
1 Bedrm. Townhouses $185. 

7 2 o o S. P res a 
5 3 2 - 7 3 8 9 

( J 
Upton* 

I i i and A ssociates tffd fc 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 
> 4o6 * HOUSES, DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

 r 
!NO RTHEASl 
C O N V E N IE N C E 

UTILITIES PAID 
I 

7919 S ta g eco a ch 
W e stw o od V il­ lage), 3-3. garag e, c e n tra l. $195. 
826-7913. 
_________________ ___ 

4U 8M M E S , DUPLEXES, 

UNFURNISHED 

□ f.ardt-ti Setlines 
□ Private Patio* 
□ Pools ami Party Room 
L l F .ffirie n rie *, I anil 2 
Bedrooms 
D Dishwasher. Drapes and 
T V Antennas 
□ W alk to Northeast 
"Schools 
□ < dose to Fort ham 
U 3 M inutes to W indsor 
Park M all 
□ F u rn itu re * 
A v a ila b le 

Aparlinenl* N r 
. 
Apartm ents 

L 

183o Ray Bun Drive 

6 5 3 - 7 3 o o 

SOUTHCENTRAL 
1 B ed ro om . U n tu rn . $125 
1 B ed ro om , F u rn , $14o 
2 B ed ro om , U n fu rn $15o. 
2 B ed ro om , F u rn . $17o 
C e n tr a l h e a t - a ir , e x tr a la r g e room s, n e a r South vide G lobe 
927 592o 

I f s a B e a u t i f u l D a y o n T h e R i d g e 

(eating Doily 9 o, 5v*a<iy I * 
1 Bedroom $145 
2 Bedroom $21o 

F U R N .-U N F U R N . 
AU Utrirtw pa»d lo*qp ptayjfounth 
Ba.krttiail 
Geol 
ShuWt bocnd. 
Lighted itmm iou* I. 3 fcnpe vwini 
♦"tog pooh 
Neo» tvoofcs A F A 
Atole Hoipi'cd, Peian Voitey tio'L 
(oo*ve 
T ru ly th e b « » t ro n to l v a lu e rn to w n . 
2 7 1 5 lo t * * * 
3 3 3 -5 3 3 9 

SOUTHSIDE SINGLES 
$127. MO. FURN. 
B ra n d n e w e le g a n t e fflc ia n c e s . p o o l, s h a g c a rp e t, b ig c lo s e ts , fa n ta s tic k itc h e n . R o b in s N e s t 
A pt 538 Hot W ells B lv d 533 OSU 

Spacious 2 and J b e d ro om s Ideal fo r young m a rrie d s w ith a sm a ll c h ild The B o a rd w a lk o ffe rs 3 be d ro o m s u n fu rn fo r $29o. 2 pools, clu b ro o m and la u n d ry 
Close to 
W o n de rla n d and C e n tra l P a rk 
3536 W est A venue 349-42o3 
B a rry G iltin g w a te r Co. 

S P O TLE S S LY C L E A N 
J Room g arag e apt. F o r m a tu re b a ch elor In O lm os P a rk P riv a te bath, m a id s e rvice , b ills od. $135 
822 9o82, 822-oo29 

I Bedroom Junior 
$159.oo 
A il Bills Paid 

C h o o s e f r o m 9 d iffe r e n t f lo o r p la n s . . . w ith e x tra s to 

 g o ,a lo n g . F ir e p la c e s , v a u lte d c e ilin g s , p o o l, v o lle y b a ll, 

 c le r e s to r y w in d o w s , s u s p e n d e d b a lc o n ie s . . . a n d 

 m o rfe u s a b le s p a c e th a n y o u e v e r im a g in e d p o s s ib le . 

H i g h 
R i d g e d 

Hillside Apartments 

5 2 1 1 F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 

3 4 1 - 8 2 2 1 

A pt to s h o re , p riv a te ro o m ond b oth , $15o 822 5o66. 828 1883 

TTO CCT) 
B U IL D IN G , t 13o5 R o ose ve lt, lo t ISO to o t tro n - 
: lu ge , $3o OOO 
I 
HOI S G E N 
MC M U L L E N 
/ T t R f S o utsid e cITy, fo m m e r e la l o r in d u s t iia i 
F ro n ts H w y i , „ 
.. 
ISIS 
$2o,ooo 
L e n n a id 
R e a lty 
’ 25 o tr e $- P,u * b u ild in g , $35,ooo 
734 6756 
' “ 
I 34 ocres zoned business 
UK It i fro nta ge , a d ia c e n f ra ilro a d , nea r 
I a c tiv e shop ce nte r in d u s tria l 
, 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2571 
A P P R O X J A CRES 
3 m i out o* j City lim its on IH J7 So $4oo dow n. im r e s t r ic t io n s e o s v t e r m s 
?24 6666 
67)1 VU_________________ 

BABCOCK RD 
I? a d ia c e n t 3 $ a c re tr a c ts w ith h o m e s a n d o u t b u ild in g s th a t 
! could br? co n v e rte d to 5 apts 436 ft fro nta ge on B abcock Rd Just s o u th o f B a b c o c k N o r th a n d i T a n g le w o o d e n tra n c e s . Z o n e d 
R I. Could be re zoned C onniver c m l Buy one or both F o r d eta ils. n a il 342 41 15 A N Y T IM L 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

BANDERA RO. 
S ra n la g e 
Z o n e d b u s in e s s a n d 
A pt 
7 ♦ a c re s inside 41o 
M ake 
I otte r 
341 445$ 
R E A L T O R S 
433 1859 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 

BANDERA RD. FRONT ~ i Good lo catio n , good p ric e 
H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
R E A LT O R S 
I 
492 5211 
B e a u tifu l c o rn e r lot, P e rrin Bede! 
! and G revstone. zoned B l, $22,ooo 
I 344 31 13___________________________ 

BOERNE MAIN ST 
3 C hoice b usin e ss p ro p e rtie s on m a in s tre e t in g ro w in g B o e rn e , 
Tex 
AH w ith im p ro v e m e n ts 
I w ith incom e p ro d u c in g lease, an a lite r w ith riv e r lr outage 
HOMESTEAD REALTY 
*»» 77o7 
N ile s 645 124$ 

BROADWAY FRONTAGE 
S e rv ic e g a ra g e , 42x17 p o rta b le b u ild in g 27x15, fe n c e d 
15ox1oo. open te rm s COH A nnette 
Van Buren A Assoc 
6X4 7171 
344 1ooV 
344 7127 

& BUILDINGS lo c a te d on one o cre zoned B J 
E ic e lle n! lo catio n easy access to 
Loop 4to and B an d era Rd Budd m g sizes fro m 2oo sq ti to 2.ooo su It P ric e d ot $o9 OOO C o ll to r m o rt d e ta ils *o4 433o 
Beanie Owens Co. 
R E A LT O R S 
B A N D E R A 
RD 
_____________ OFC 
C o m m e rc ia l B u ild in g B a rg a in 
32oo sa 
It c o rn e r lo t, $1oo S 
/lo re s 
O w ner w ill handle 
923 4517 
C o rn er 1 o2xH 7'T T "w fo m m e r ce lo t L o rg e tra m # house, plus sm ut! re s ta u ra n t 
P lenty p a rk in g 
; U M OOI 

D evelopers. In ve stors, i i i o cre s w ill d iv id e in to IOO o c re N o e ls 
O im m it Co COOKE 92 3 27 1 7 
OS 
W 
^ N 
IH 1$------------- 
C o m e r at access goop exposure, easy a cce s s ib ility shoo o r office m a c m l a i e s t a t e 42o2521 

IXCELlENT BUSINESS 
LOCATION 

 ow ner c a rry zoned F 
O F F 
C A L L A G H A N 
R D 
ON 
C U L E B R A 
213 acres, 25c p er sa foo t O w n e r c a rry C all N a tha n 
H O M E B U Y E R S R E 734 42SS 
------------------- N F a r s a c -------------------- 
3 u nits, c o lo n ia l. W hite c o lu m n s 
S um m er p orche s E asy re n t 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 87o 2521 
N E S T I ® IS A N b ' £ E T S I h 6 p 
G ro w in g w ith the n e ig h b o rh o o d 
L o c a te d 79o H o w a r d in N e w 
B 1 a u n t* Is , T x C o n ta c t. J o y c e 
F re e m a n 512 656-oo18 or 656 31$8 or B a rb a ra W est a t 512 822 7o63 
O P P o F T U N i'r Y k W k * L o c a l in ve sto r b ro k e r, m u st sell p rim e p r o p e r t ie s , 3o o c re s o n U S 9o 
West, 91511 on H w y 
518o ooo 
7o a cre s on C a s tro v ille c ity lim its , o il u tilitie s , riv e r fro nt$ 21 o OOO N unn y o u r te rm s ! 
John 
P h ilp o tt i 142 <8o» 
PLUMBING SHOP 
Q u a rte rs . 3 2-3, in v e n to ry to be 
- p urcha sed se pa ra te, on B ia nco 
828 o645 
736 1/66 
734 4117 
W ATSO N d SON R E A L T O R S 

11 PLUS ACRES IN 
L e o n V a lle y , E v e r s f r o n ta g e . i ro ile d opt a nd o ffice , p ric e d rig h t 
J4I 445$ 
R E A L T O R S 
431 1839 
BARNEBEY A6ENCY 
R epossessed 1ox1* f u r la b le O f- lic e 
F ro # 
D e liv e ry , 
T e rm * 
712 5171 

4 a l 'e L E A S E 
B A L L R O O M . L O U N G E . B IG 
I C A FE 
You N a m e It! O v e r 45oo sa It b e m e re fin is h e d 
F le x ib le te rm s on leasm u F a v o ra b le p u r­ chase te rm s 3oo2 S Z a rz a m o ra 
V74 42o9 A L L R E A L T Y 
533 79o7 
"H U I 5 N E W B R A U N F E L S 
75oo sat! m a s o n ry b ld g C e n tra l m a t a n . sh ow roo m neon lig h ts . 3 baths zoned K 
A l IH IO a nd N ew 
Hi ii lin tels 349 * 5o). 177 16o! 

M anna Worley Realtors 

12.oIo so /yTVfiiPififMhnr" i C h o ic e lo c a tio n 
M o d e rn 3 y rs o ld 
O w n e rs m u s t s e ll 
$1o,ooo dow n and assum e 
494 3229, 
J*I .U C 

238 COMMFRCIAl PROPERTY 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ LEASE_ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
I2oo s a lt re ta il space, gaud expo s u re a n d p a r k in g 
C o il W B 
A le rte r 341 9191 
Baylor Really Inc 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
AND OFFICE SPACE 

Executive Office Space 
F U R N a n d U N F U R N 
B v d a y , w e e k o r m o n th 
W e p r o v id e a re c e p tio n is t, a n s w e rin g s e rv ic e o nd s e c re ta ria l se rv ic e 
E X E C U T IV E O F F IC E S Y S TE M S 
82o 18o8 Ste 7o6 18oo NE Loop 41o 
San A ntonio, T e xas 78217 
N E A R A IR P O R T , B R O A D W A Y 
A R E A A N D LO O P 41o F o r lease. 
I s m a ll o ffic e , p a n e le d , u til ad 
A n s w e r in g s e r v ic e a v a il, a t 
1 a d d itio n a l cost 
F o r fu r th e r in to 
I c a ll 341 7296 o r 822 3o1o eves j O F F IC E S P A C E A V A IL A B L E j Two one m an suites a v a ila b le im m e d ia te ly in the b e a u tifu l Rohde 
B u ild in g O v e rlo o k s T u rtle Creek 
G o lf C o u rse , n e a r M e d C e n te r, 
IH IO, Loop 41o o nd U S A A In the 
I ce nte r ol e v e ry th in g Coffee b o r, 
: X e ro x , la m t o r ia l s e rv ic e , fre e p a rk in g 
In q u ire to d a y 
R O H D E 
R E A LT O R S . 
4139 
G arde n da le . 
I a t* 3311 
O IH ce s p a c e . I l k , fin is h e d ,' im - m e d iate o c cu p a n cy, u tilitie s paid, 
I B e cky M o v e 826-3251 
H e n ry S 
M ille r Co R e a lto rs 
O F F ' l f E " S P ' i 'C l o r 
W A * 
E H O U S E 
S u ita b le fo r any ty p e i business 
12o4 W est A ve In q u ire 
) 12oo West Ase 736 1681___________ 
P R IM E A llic e s p a c e on n e w 
N o rth E x p re s s w a y n e a r a irp o rt 
R easonable ra te s , c o v e re d p kg., 
I ab conveniences 
.144-3456 
W e e kd a ys___________ 
S m a ll O ffic e s to r le ase 

A s t o r i a 
1o363 S A H A R A 344-6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
S u n s h i n e 
347 E S U N S H IN E 734 442J 
4422 
A S T R O 'A P t S 
N e a r 
Sam 
I 
; b e d ro o m , h e a t, a ir , c o v e r e d 
1 p a rk in g la u n d ry fa c ilitie s 1314 E 
G R A YS O N 
AT 214 Funston, G a ra g e A ni 
S9S OO 822 o6oo, 735 4458 
A ustin H w y and IH 35 N o rth a re a, 
$65-585, I a nd 2 b e d ro o m s , tu rn a n d u n fu rn 
V e ry c le a n , q u ie t, p r iv a te , u tilit ie s p a r t p a id , no c h ild re n , no pets 826-4o51 
• A U S T IN ktW Y E F F IC IE N C IE S * b ills pd *3S-S37wfc 824 19o8 
B A R G A IN H U N T E R S 
L o v e ly , c o m p le te ly tu r n . I b e ­ d ro o m . n e a r K e lly a n d S o u th 
P o rk M a ll. O w n e r p a y s w a te r 
O n ly $11o m o 
$5o d e p 
C a ll 
534 8826 today 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A LT O R S 
I b d rm apt, b ills pd 876 25^4 $95, 
I Quoits, 1571 C o ntour 
I b d rm , J b a th , d en , c a rp e te d , 
I $275 bitts pd, 736-1529 

I ~ BedVpom a pt U tilitie s in clu d e d , 
$135 255 B ra h a n B lv d A p p o in t- m e n t only, 822 751 1 or 223 1258 
I B e d ro o m C o tta g e , $ 1 )o m o . w a te r a d 
93o 
E 
G r a y s o n , 
?24 m l *33 o518 
I B e d ro o m . la rg e k itc h e n , SAC, 
____________________________ : T rim ly o re a, $9o 342-7592 a fte r 4 
S ingle O ffice, d ou ble o ffic e , o r 3 i t B e d ro o m , $1oo m o p lu s d eb! ro o m s u ite s 
C o n v e n ie n t to b ro a d w a y . Loop 41o, a irp o rt, etc 
4$c per sa it Includ es u tilitie s and m a in ten an ce 824 4571 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME INC. 
35o3 NO R TH P A N A M 
2233218 
__________ M O N F R I 9 6_________ 

TENOER LOVING CARE 
C o v e re d w a lk w a y fro m c a r to a p t , la u n d ry and m a ilb o x a re a so you w o n 't g e t d re n c h e d , la rg e r ro o m s so yo u w o n 't b a r k y o u r shins 342-o113 826 1594 and see 
T H E K IN G S T O N A PTS 
22o2 V ance Ja ckson F o r TLC 

 iii l / i d ? 

Near 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB lim ite d number o f e f­ ficiencies and 
I -bedroom apts. N o w available, 

5 8 o o 
MEDINA BASE ROAD 
6 7 4 -7 o o 4 

CHOICE RENTALS 
U N FU R N IS H E D H O M E S 

1 a TWIN HAI — 4 bedrooms. 
2 baths, 2 cor garage, central heat S air, corpet, fenced Castle 
Hills Terrace. $45o. 

951o 
MAR 
CRIIX 
— 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 car garage, central heat and air, carpet, privacy fence. 
Convenient to letklcnd, Belly. $275. 

4S42 
CASTIE 
ARM$ 
- 
3 bedrooms, I both, fenced yord, two patios. Convenient to Ran­ dolph & Ft Sam. $185. 

A P A R T M E N T S 

$everal I bedroom, I bath, apartment available in Kirby, 
Texas. Furnished & Unfurnished 
$17o. to $185. Central Hen! 8 Air 

228 NAT AUN - 1 bedroom. I bath, furnished, I cor garage, waler 8 lawn care pakf Con vcnient to ft. Sam. $1 IO. No pets 

'ifosour&kfiiTK^ 

KAU O tS - SO Y U H OI TWIT 

EL DORADO 
IMMEDIATO OCCUPANCY 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath, den with fireplace, equipped kit chen, raised dining areo lorge covered patio ond fenced yard. 
On corner lot with side garage entrance. $365 mo 
824-1477 
659-1933 
ASSOCIATED 
REALTY 

S E D 

ADULT LIVING 

FRONT DOO* BU$ SWVICE 

1-BEDROOM, $17o. 
2-BEDRooM, S2o5. 

POOl, UTILITIES PO CLOSE TO 
SHOPPING CENTER AND POST 
OFFICE 
T H E 
H A B I T A T 
3 8 1 5 W EST A V E . 
3 4 4 -7 7 2 o a d 

T h re e con sh are a 3 b e d ro o m oot a t the B o a rd w a lk to r $11o euch 
P o o l, c lu b ro o m a n d la u n d r y 
Close to 
C e n tra l 
P a rk and 
W onderland 
3536 West A venue 349 47o3 
B a rry G illin g w o te r Co. 
TV M O N IT O R E D S E C U R IT Y 
G A R D E N P A TIO S 
C LU B ROOMS 
G Y M A N D S AU NAS 
12 3 B E D R O O M S , 12 B ATH S 
$18$ to $275 B fL L S P A ID 
P A R K TO W NE A PTS 
434-4191 
2o11 B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between H illc re s t ond C ollo gh o n 
1515 W. C ontour, (n e o r $7oo Son 
P e d ro ), 2 b ed ro om tu rn a p t $16o w a te r pd o26 7913_______________ 

F o r T h e T r u t h ; 

C o m p a r e 

L a r g e I B e d r o o m , 
F r o m $ 1 9 o . 
A l l B ills P a i d _ _ _ _ 

Ten floor plans to choose from for exquisite adult living All bills paid. Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar-B-que grills, lcemakers. fireplaces and beam ed ceilings 

U k 
B r e a t h 

1o362 SAHARA DR 
(North of Logo 41o off Son Pedro) 
349 2617 

Office Hours 
Mon Sot 9-6 
Sun. 1-6 or by apootntmenf 

 p e rt 349 4oo1 

T T o T sa ft o ffic e space 
F lo re s 924-4149 

 b v o ir- 

T U F T 

31o W SUNSET 

Nelson Cory, REALTORS 

252 SELL OR EXCHANGE 

HAVE CASH B U Y E R S o ld e r h o m e s , a p ts n e e d in g re p a irs Jo hn B 
E c c e lt, B ro k e r 
6o8 G unter B ld g 22* 7o31 824 8o23 

254 REM ESTATE WANTED 

^ e a lt iv ^ d e s ir e s t T T J o s e 'T T r j b e d ro o m h om e en SO 4oU a c re s . 
G ra z in g la n d , w ith sto ck b onds w ith in 2o m i of S A R e ply to M rs 
P ru d v B ro th e l ton PO B o* SI JIO 
Houston. TX 77o$; 711 223 4o6) 
In d iv id u a l w ants io~ouv e ld e r in c o m * p ro p e rty , c o n d itio n u n im ­ p o rta n t t 
At. ek. P O D ra w e r K 
P o rtla n d , Tx 78J/4 

STAMPS! in te n s iv e fo re ig n s ta m p c o lle c ­ tion m o stly c o io io g u e d in t$ Scoff u ibu m s F o r sate o r tra d e tor Son 
A n to n io R e a l E s ta te o f e a u o l v a lu e , a rra n g e m e n ts to see m y 
$16,5oo stam p c o lle ctio n , m ay be m ade by c a tlin g 

 loos S SI M a ry s , A pt 6, 223 $o94 
1 B edroom , n ea r SAC, ond down tow n, bus, new, good p a rk in g , 326 
W H u no ch e. 876 6251. 826 $335 
■-■lock off B rd w y near b ucken iid g e 
P a rk . 
I b e d ro o m . 
$9o 
534 1o32 
F a s T l e H i I L S W 
I * --------- 
52)1 B la nco , tow nh ou se a pts, t-7 bed ro om 2 b o th *, to rn u n fu in A ll b ills pd 341-411} 
• DO W N TO W N POST O F F lC E x 
| 7 b lk * A ir. 3 room s, c a rp e t, clean new d eco r q u ie t M a tu re la dy p re ta rre d 126 M cC ullou gh 824 77o8 t'tfic ie n c e * . a ir , b us. M ugs i) o wk $125 m o up B ills od Section 
I 5)4 34o1 434-9645 
E ffic ie n c y . 1914 W M is tle to e , o ir. w ater od S*5 M f 48o8____________ 
E ffic ie n c y , q u ie t n e ig h b o rh o o d nea r m a lls, I person occup an cy, i no pets 342 5437 
E n jo y th e g e n tle p a c e o f th e 
B o a rd w a lk 
S p e n d y o u r a f t e r ­ noon* c h a ttin g w ith frie n d s d u rin g a gam e ot b rid g e C lo s* to Won d e rla n d o r C e n tr a l P a rk M o ll 
C atch a bus ta ony w h e re Join o ur c o m m u n ity w h ere a ll ages share 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or o ve r pay 
W IL S H IR E APTS 
Bloch of Ft. Som N o rth G o t* 
_________826 9159, 826 1594________ 
347 W W ARE 
O ff S F lo re s ond S E. M ilita ry D r 
I B edroom , a ir. c a rp e t, w a te r pd 
$12o 922-971o M ar A pt I________ 

4D4 APARTMENTS UNFURN 

A A A OE AL 
D o n ! re m b u y ' SJO cost to m ove in 3 b ed ro om s $16o m o 
S ta rt 
M ay 
1st 
No c re d it necessary. 
69O-742oWAYNE S LA TE R684 6)6l| 
A B E A U T IF U L W A Y TO L IV E 
L a rg e tre es, c o v e re d te rra c e , 2 bedroom s, I or 2 baths, lo rg e c lo ­ sets, a va ila b le Fob, Is l 
THE H E R IT A G E 
154) B abcock a l NW Loop 41o 
MI-2228 

I minute to IH-1o. 
Private adult and family section. 

6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 Wooditone Drive 

CHOICE RENTALS 
482? CASTU MTH 3 I .. $185 
46o6 CASA CORONA* 2-1 $21o 
5o5o LANCELOT 3 2 2 . $25o 
4111 HIUSWINo4 2 ? 
$3oo 
12521 SANDPIPER 3-2-2. $3oo 
MANY MORI 
TO CHOOSE FROM 
C a ll 8 2 8 - 5 7 o 4 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 

BOB BOOGERS, REALTORS 

A A A A A A H om e ot y o u r awn can be yo urs fo r os little as $2oo dow n and p aym en ts less than re n t. No c re d it? No p ro b le m ! 
JB J R e olty 
674-o883 
A N Y T IM E 
A A A A ID E A 
W hy re n t? O w n y o u r o w n 3 be d ro o m . H o m e s a ll o v e r San An ton io . A p p ro x im a te ly $2oo to ta l m ove in P a ym e n ts less than re n t 
675-1691, 623-572o, 674-1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
A Choice of 3-4 b e d ro o m hom es to re n t 
L e a s e w ith o p tio n to b u y 
Own yo u r hom e N O W ! $19o to $5oo mo 
GASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
69o 899o E ves 696 88o5, 342-7712 

K E Y G R O U P 

A c ro s s fro m St. M a r y ’s U 
2 I, 
$165, p lu s d e p o s it. 127 C o lg a te . 
Ed. K iglbassa I 657 2492. 
A la m o H g ts . a re a . 3 b e d ro o m , c a r p e ts , d r a p e s , f ir e p la c e , fenced, $2oo 
U n ited, 7)5 9)21, tee (5761 ) 
A la m o H g ts . S cho o ls, 4-2-2, cen tr a l o ir-h e a t. a p p lia n c e s , le ase req $295 828-4887 

• • • • • • • • • 

 r 

B E A U T IF U L Tre e House A pts in e a rd e n C o m p le x, n e a r B ra c k e n ­ rid g e Pk 
T r in ity U a n d D o w n tow n V iew Of C ity Pool L o o n d ry 
M o d e rn a n d c o m fo rta b le M a n ­ a g e r. M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
APTS 1315 E M u lb e rry . 822 5436 
2 B edroom . B itts p aid $125 
1273 Q uintana Rd 927 4472 
2 B edroom duplex opt W a ter Pd. 
$115 822-185o 

I 

* 

K l 

L u 

GREENBRIER APARTMENTS 
(Just o ff B roodw ay and lo o p 4 1 o , Close fc 
C row n Tow er Bldg.) 
URGE I BEDROOM LUXURY APTS. S2oo. 
REASONABLE MOVING ALLOWANCE 
Home like atmosphere • Party house 
Pool • Adults only • Bills pd. 
Also 2 bedroom apH. 
8 5 3 5 GREENBRIER 

WAKEFIELD STARDUST 
APARTMENTS 

Ideally located oil busine t, J, ond 3 oedroor.iv $18o to 
$35o On Rector c.ross from 
North Slot Boll 

85o6 WAKEFIELD 

344-4558 m e e e e e e e 

 i A n ic e 2 b e d ro o m d u p le x , a p 
I ch an ce* $135. (OH St. C lo u d) S II 
I John A dam s, 344-3113.___________ 
! APTS A L L O V E R TOW N 
T E X A S A P T LO C ATO R S 
I 
349-1685 • NO F E E _______ 
A ttra c tiv e 4-2-2. in V o lle y F o rg e, fire p la c e , lots o t e x tra s . $35o m o 
653 388o, O w ner L R E A .__________ 
A ttra c tiv e . N E , 3 b e d ro om , 2 bath, a p p lia n c e s , fe n c e d , c a r p e t . schools, $3oo. 271-466*, 225-1783. 
I B ed ro om a p a rtm e n t in c lu d in g range, d ishw ash e r and re trig e ra to r $135 m o 684 433o, 344-62o7 
D E A N IE 
O W E N S 
CO 
___________ R E A LT O R S __________ 
3 B E D R O O M 
A P P L IA N C E S , fe n c e d .$175 
4 bedroom , huge den, a pp lia n ces. 
$245, 
3 bedroom , fire p la c e , a pp lia n ces. 
$215 822 1552, 122 JOH 
NORTHEAST REALTY 

J L A P L A Z A * 
341-4621 
• 

WINDCREST 
• • • • • • • ( • • • • • • • • • W W 
APARTMENTS 

 lu x u ry liv in g in N o rth e a st 
San A ntonio 

FROM $215 
656-o182 
8835 WHIM ON WAY 

3 b ed ro om . 2 b a th d u p le x 
N e o r 
L a c k la n d . K e lly 
$28o m o n th ly 
684-433o, 344-62o7 
D E A N IE 
O W ENS 
CO 
___________ R E A LT O R S 
J B ed ro om , I ’ zbath, c e n tro l o ir- h ea t, 32X12 liv in g ro o m , I b lk elem en school, $19o 648-o45o 
J B ed ro om , 2 b ath , liv in g ro o m , d ining room , study, b ig den, huge ya rd . T h u n d e rb ird H ills , 684-4895 o r 433 3oo3 

2 bedroom , I b ath , a ir, Lee School 
D is tric t. $165 m o Bob M c G in n is 
R ealtors. 349 1171, osk to r P e y gy 

2 B e d ro o m . $2oo m o 
I B e ­ d ro om . $1*o m o A il b ills pd 
D e p r e q u ir e d 
T H E 
T IM B E R S 
A P T S 
N e a r 
B rooks A F B 
4*2 U T O P IA , 
33) 6ooo 

648-1323 

 es to m e e t a n y n e e d 
A lt a re a s at S A 
I m o s t Sable Com m er ria l P ro p 
*4V h i t 
B . C o m rn e i i . e ! P r o p e r t y to r 
L ea se, p ru n e c o s in e s * lo c a tio n , access to I x p re s s w av o n d Cute 
Oro 
171$ N t r in it y 732 7351 M r 
G arza 

 fs ( A C O N C IR C L f E A S T 
N e u z 
S o n P e d r o o n d n e w 
N o r th E x p r t t t w o y . 1 2 ) 4 s o f t o f t i i e w a r e h o u s e s o o t e 
147 2o J * 

 w T n T e F r I A l E SYATfc 6 KT 
M A j o e 
R IV E R 
P R IN C IP A L S 
O N L Y 
(7 )3 ) o83 ,o19, $81 74o) 

? M KEAL [S IA U LOANS 

■ i n r n F T W 
H r B W 
Y v r T T r R hens M o * I y r * 
B uy notes less 
(hun o"„ w ith d iscou n t 
A V R o drig ue z B ro ile r J U o9oo 

3o2 mill HOMES (UNI 

F i w i w f f i n i H n l r j n i v ! " ? 
N e a r c ity w ith g a rd e n , fis h in g spot $13$ m o urn 623 4967 

 u n fu rn is h e d M obile t i l ) 

1443 W H ild e b ra n d 
Q uick po-,sessiui> Ti 
SOUTH TEXAS 
W ebb Co <3.ooo acres, 3 SOO acre s 
M a v e ric k Co 
3,ooo a cre s. ( OOO a cre s 
M cM u lle n Co 
2,ooo a c re s , 1.ooo o cre s 
T ra p tly Doer C o un try 
K sentient g ro ss and w ater 
7 IM I1 337$ P rin c ip a l* only 

 rpTKlTffTfVt't! h6MK. I U d ro o m s . I b e th s , h ug e d en o n d f ir e p la c e , b e a u t if u l e n c lo s e d c o u r ty a rd 
C ent h e a t a ir o n ly 
'. m it e o ft I H I * E a s t e lf th is s i­ tu a te d e n !$ w o o d e d a r r e s t 
$ *$,o oo 
D A L E D Y E S S R E A L 
TORS Me % 
A ustin 
Seguin, Tx 
I J 7 * * t | | 
U 
T S I ! I A N A S P E ! iv i i s . ' i i i 
A c c * * et C o a sta l w ith la rg e cox fro e s , s ta c k ta n k 
C o u n ty ro a d w it h a c c e s s to p o v e m e n t en tro n c e 
NO A G E N T S P L * ASE 
1 947 3)11 AW *.g rn 

TEXAS VETS 
W e SPN have a few Vet tre e I* le ft 
It you Neve re c e iv e d yo u r p a c * m o. gr*e as a cad 

ISI Ort IH 1o ru&t ti# * iii i t 
BODY SHOP 

Lillian Woolley 735 6876 

 f D B U 
U 
B l 8 7 g t ~ H 7 T H ti 
A 
C o m m e n t in i m itt* d u p it a 
P ork rn fro n t ana ro a r n j HOS 

 r s n n r f l f i E N T t o r g -; c o m m e r c ia l b u ild in g le t s 
G U A D A L U P E 
ST 
P le n ty a t g g fE tg g . |> ) .f Q o, 
______ 
Good (Sap e rlu m ty 
H u rd w o re und 
L u m b e r 
B u s in e s s t o r S o le , 
M edina luke O w ner Writ fin an ce 
*o4 4)11 ut 7 $ I 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 

G o g B -B f m r r r i u s i N r u 
P R O P E R T Y , S m all b u ild in g w ith b ilg e tot Sn VOO ow nei w ill c a rry 
Cert h R oom $34 » IM o r 73$ esse 

HEDGE INFLATION 
P ut yo u r m oney in la n d ! 11o a c re s of p rim e m d u s tia il la n d U tilitie s to p r o p e r t y t >ooo d e r o c r e 
O w ner tm anc eel 344 o)41 

G r a c e A r n o l d 
W CAT I OR S M L I 

HIU COUNTRY 
OPPORTUNITY b ld g ta d u w n lo w a B o e rn e , n ew ro o t w ire d tar in d u s tria l #«u*u 
( t i l ) 
1)7 4SSS 
— 
W S B F T B m n — 
— 
- 
B e a u tifu l b r ic k b e m e in g re a t loc a lie n p e rfe c t Ie* » * m e O ffice 
Odor abort I i I a ttic * 
MAC HE AL E S T A T E t i 

 f oreign c a r shop, needs expe rt body m an to sublease b ody shop 
C ontact S la v * S tephen* 7SS-oI I*, 
3424 b ian co Rd 

 t a m m e r V io l I- d u d e s ig n e d u nd furnished for donee studio, etc approx 
3.ooo sa ti 
R te CP fie II arco Coli o21 ts ts , o24 o)44 t s ie fle n t Im a lie n for 1 urn lie a le i ie meter title insurance co, heuvy hurtle count, 
Randolph area. 
S t* 1)41 

 f or re n t or le a s e .' m e c h a n ic s garage, used c a r lot o ffic e u sa me $ $ n $ H e re s , o1) 7*12 f i l l F re d e ricksb u rg b d has of tic * sauce o n d c o v e re d and un covered yard space for loose 
MI f ill 

T ow n! slog per m o Proven tor id year* H u r r y ! IS®J C utebra Rd 
7)3 o«4l N iles *9 * 7777 n a w j u i n t l ----------- 
3*oo S E M IL IT A R v ON 7)1 I)4Z 
T 
B s r n r m a n o t i a t o -x t 
4 a r e HO USES OF FIC E S S TO M E* 
37 i i COL OH V D R IV E R E T A IL 
^ O W N E R ^ tiilf I I M - m ) 71)4 

H e ! # ! * * 
S n o o p in g 
G e n ii 
WL ISGAR B EN 
P R O P E R T IE S 
34o ) 7 |* 

' lltB kfH nO Shaggm g b a n te r* 
W est HUO e ll, UUU 
V ance J acopon 
Baste A ged 

P u rm s h e a M 
H um e 
2 b e d ro o m 
* /$ d e p T ^ I m o . * m o tease * 3 ) 34)7 
NC AR I AC k l A N O Double- m ill- 
34 *$$', ) b e d ro o m s , den d in in g lo o m 
F u lly ta r g e te d 
N o p ets 
33$o m o b itts p a id $1oo deposit 
I$o7 
O b s e rv a tio n 
D r 
674 7$I8, 
64* 33o7 

Rent, SOM, tro d e fu rn 7$, l l x i i , w a s h e r d ry e r, tlS lm o in K irb y 
33* 3321 337 473o Sgt Lee 

 r n w t K T M L i i n m w i 

ADULTS DULY 
226 354? 
E ffic ie n c y I b d rm 3*3 t i t _______ 
A la m o M gts t b d t earn clean, a FT, 
I M 117o, I M l i l t 
A la m o A g )* Spacious I ro o m opt 
U p sta irs, w a le r pd M a tu re w o rk in t wom an p re fe rre d 134 oo3/ 

APTS. FU R N ISH ED 
SMS. 
IA N RD AT 
R t f T im 
THE FA IRDA LE 
66oo FAIRDA LE 
______ ASI- IDO I______ 

APTS FU R N ISH ED 

H to s a n u b ty P ue *#? 
I l l o9*1 of 69o >771 

»Paneled tie t i h 

N eat un p e lt 
SU 
N 
14* t j / * 

 n r 
I M I a n d i n ; 
R E A L T O R S 

SMS. 
B A N D E R A a n d IV E R S RD 

H I D D E N M E A D O W 

5 * 5 1 W U R Z B A C H f u l f i l 
I 
A f f to t A u i* 
•*'<• b ig m e m 'a m i bath s it# 111 vee* I M UA) 

 th# good lif t 
333* W est A venue 349-42o3 
S o rry G illin g w o te r Co. 
1 F o rce d to s o il! l l ' D eluxe T ra v e l 
I T ra ile r F u lly seit-confotned. A ir, I fu ll b e d ro o m m a n y e x tra s W ill ‘ 
I s a c rific e 
B est o tte r if sold th is w e e k e n d 
See a t L o t no 
o - 1 : I 
A la m o KO A C a m p grou n d _________ j j A o r c o u p le o r s in g le s o n ly STT j 
C in cin n a ti. 
C A L L 
734 2233 o r ! 
I m o w . 

F R E E S E R V IC E 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
824-6351 

FREE SOUTHSIDE 
LOCATOR SERVICE t Hic lu n e t*. I J a nd I bed ro om s. lo rn or u n tu rn 333 13oo___________ 
F or u unci U n fu rn 
$7$ to $15 t 
Bedroom . 41o K in g s Ct 734-$9os 
A T T fu rn is h e d I B ed ro om 4 u 'i 
A rr. C oli A ny D ay or iv # * 7 JO 
A M 
9 P M 333 IM I 
| 
$9* $6 r u rn ith rd I B ed ro om A pt 
Arr, 2 B lk * K e lly C alf A ny O oy O r 
N ig h t 7 a m - IO p rn 911-o*34 

3514 O ra n ! i v e o ff B la n c o i i b e d ro o m s , c e n tra l a ir , no c h it d re n pets, b tl!* pd 731 31 t i 

 la r g e I B e d ro o m A p l 
F o r d 
; w a te r od N e w ly re n e v a fo d a v a il 
M a rc h I s l 
S D S m o l l ) 3o39, 
92o 2o76 a rter 6 and w eekends 
F o rg e ' T T F ? ro o m . $'1U " 6'W I 
Carson, 217 9)o4. 53S 32o1 
3'TTn H ~U"Ali. ! ro o m o arag e a p l both a ir, w o ta r pd. cougtos, no P M * $93 
- 
IW K n r m r w i T n r r " 
G R O U N D L E V E lD U P L E X E S 
F U R N OR U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D M IL LS A PTS 
39)1 E 
SOU THC HOSS 
334 *oo4 lo o k in g tor Ig w g i re n t E m g ia v o l e ld e rly w id o w , n e a r U S A A . a n d hospitals, m u s t have c a r, no g e t* 
*9* o7)9 

- ■T f T t S W l K T 6 6 W H T 8 W M " 
M O O E RH t t i I I H NC f f I I I N 
317o to $1)3 l l ) IT H ST l l * 7 )3) 
M ftT f T T FFl Ire n e , A e o rTm F n Ts g a d R o o m s 
B y O o v , W eek o r 
M o n th 
O I I f i l l , 
P E 4 *7 4 7 , 
L f t D S I . C A ’ t r o t . N e a r F t 
Sam T A I t i / / 
N ta i Friant, I b e d rg g B i, ole*,, dea n. rem edeted* I I M m e motor bd sig n Poof# *9 ) i / l l 
494 321! 
— 
— 
B f i r n n iT O ---------------- 

BE T W E E N 
T R I N I T Y 
A N D 
| M C C U L L O U G H , .L a rg e One Be d room u p s ta irs w ith Irvin g room . 
( s tu d y , d in in g ro o m 
R e c e n tly 
I rem odeled F o r one p erson only i No c h ild re n , no p e ts 
SHS p e r 
; m onth plus b ills $13o d ep osit. * 
I m o le o s * 
A v a ila b le M a rc h 13. 
Coll 732 337) any day 3 til 8pm b ric k w atts 
: B e a u tifu lly la nd sca pe d , spacious j 2 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th a p t h o m e I i F re n ch doors, v a ry p riv a te , la rg e 
; boxed w indow s Colt 828 33o1 
! 
I 
S A A P A R T M E N T LO C ATO RS 
Clean, convenient. I u pp er, low er, ut 1, 1-- -.'oo 

CLOUOHAVEM APTS 
ISS CLOUDHAVEN 
I V e ry nice 4 b ed ro om apts. loc ated tost behind S hakey's Pizza of the 
' *» » > i" H w y 818 18o$ or l l * $o*1 

CONDOMINIUM 
FO R R E N T , J b e d ro o m . I b oth , wet bar, w oshor and d ry e r O ther e x tra s included Coit rig h t uw ay sf-.o p lus deg 3*1o134___________ 

• I 2 3 Bedroom * 

• S ingle o n d Fam ily 
S ections 

• F ire p k x e t 

 o Tennis 

115 NW LOOP 41o 
Across from 
North Stor Moll 

o o o o o o o o o 

I F Y O U Q U A L I F Y 

1 B ed ro om I B oth $142 $194 
2 B ed ro om I B oth SIS* $221 
I B ed ro om J B ath $l7t-$244 

‘ H o r 

W e’ll find yours, free. 

O F * 7 OATS A WMK 
O k * CCI IMBOUQHOL7T MXA# 
3121 N.W. LOOR 41o 
3 4 9 -1 7 3 7 

D I* SCT COO B t sn o w o w e I TO 
4411 N CMfTVAt EXPWY 
DALLAS, M X TM O * 

Let us find yours— 
24 Hr. 

T o W NHOUSi - APART MENT 
LOCATORS 
8 2 8 -o 6 8 1 
E R II— No charge to yow 
BfOft$*io«o(* m Oft*, lot ating ’ 

 j 4 p ( M t i M f c - 
VmIuuM 

AH U tilitie s , C o n tro l A ir ond H eat, 
ON A H IL L O V E R L O O K IN G SAN 

I b e d )M m a p l 
W a le r rn 
C n e t t arith i h i Id J I l l o)4 I M ) 

CONVENIENCE 
Loop 41o-Vent# Ja ckson Rd 
P A R K L IK E G R O U N O ) 
J B E D R O O M $23$ B IL L ) PO 
P A R K D A L E A PTS 341o191 M 
D e lu x e o p t 
I b e d ro o m , f u lly equipped kitch e n , la u n d ry ro o m , e x c e lle n t lo c a tio n , u tilitie s od 
$18$ m u ♦** 44o4, O H -1 ops _____ 
D u p le x , 114 S u tto n , c o n tro l a ir- , hea t. t i t, c o rp e t, d ra p e s , tik e j new, $14o 6o4 o74* 4*4 8)42 

EDEN ROC APTS 
119 JACKSON K E L LE R 
C o m fo rta b le liv in g 
Y ou ll to v * our I or } bed ro e rn opts. lu st ort k e n P e d ro 
N e a r C e n tra l P o rk a n d N o rth A ta r M o lls 
N o c h il- 1 aren, no pots R easonable p ric e s 
o H -o o II 
I 
F A N T A S T IC 
L u x u r io u s I b e d ro o m I b a th .: lo v e ly ta r d e k it c h e n w ith tea m a ke r, 11oo sa ft 
N o rth cen tro t a re a, 1144 b ills gout 
APA R I M E N IS U N L IM IT E D 

821 o681__________ 

FONTAINBIEAU APTS 

1235 E 
M U L B E R R Y 
L u x u ry liv in g af re asonable g ric e 
L a rg e geaurttut I and 2 bea r gem a g t* L a rg e aget. n ext goer Ie F t 
Sam a n d J b lk * tra m h r u t ke n iid g c G elt le o # se A tte n d * R em dow n tow n m in tra m N o r t h Atar ond Win u w »'j , • 
■Ii MNM 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
IDEAL LOCATION i B a o r o d m s F u r n a u l 
U TILITIES RAIO 
I lk JACH AON R B L L C N 

824 9121 

R e frig e ra to r. R a n g e , D is p o s a l, I 
D ra p e rie s , TV A nte nn a . S torage 
U n it* o nd M o re A p p ro x im a te ly I 
1$ M inu tes fro m M ilita ry Basos 
924-o41o 
2914 R oosevelt Ave j 
IA B A N D E R A A PTS 
L U X U R Y I a nd 2 b e d ro o m opts 
1 
U TI B A N D E R A RO 413 37)4 

L A R G E 
I 
2 bedroom , I both, co v e re d p atio o r b a lc o n y , lo ts ot c lo s e t space, co vered p a rk in g 
TH E H E R IT A G E 
IA43 B abcock of NW LOOP CIO 
I 
I 
341-111o__________ 

L IV E B E T T E R FOR L E S A 1 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E XES 
F U R N ON U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S APTS 
I 19)1 E 
4oU T H C R Q 3 3 
334 88o8 

LQCKHILL APTS 
N e w I b e d ro o m , la rg e w a lk rn closets, N o rth w est, At7o up 
Ask for L en m e Tham es. 341 3131 o r, 
344 9)14 e ve n in g * ana w eekends 
IK R TOWNHOUSE 
1-B edroom *, o n heat $13o W ater pd P atio 
I Ak Et M ro4o« ir a No pets 341 o444, 494 347o, *144237 
L U X U R IO U S A D U L T L IV IN G 
I B edroom J B ath Tow nhouse 
W IL L IA M S B U R G 
SQUARE 
APTS 
349 119) ■ 

N E A R FT AAM 
I B edroom duple a, stove, re trig , w o le r od C ouple w ith c h ild HOO 
114-o3*9 

N e o r F t 
S am , IO* C y r it, 3 bv dteem e, g arag e, fenced, a ir, a i m asg. « *A i)m 
N eor FI Aam, la rg e I b ed ro om , 
$H3 WO ter ad I I I *SJ3 
NO P A V M E N IA U N T IL M A Y . 
Own, Yes O wn, I I cg, in A rtie r 
•Cana HOO daw n 31 IO m o 
^ j L u m u d i e lf o**1 A n y tim e 
N A n ea t M o d C a n te r, la rg e I b e d ro o m w ith in • a tu le a n a o il 
• t o n n e k itc h e n 
A })3 u tilit ie s tu rn 341 M IO OI )f« O tto 
______ 

“o a k h u l a V IL L H 6'8 
A p a rtm e n t* and ta n im a tis t* 

I ' t i t o 'M jt m s s i. '" . . t u t ­ 

 o r t S U N S E T R O A D s it # fa t n ow I b e d ro o m O f O ft meal ann centi OI on 79 it ton* 

SPECIA REALTORS 

A N T O N IO 
L a rg e J b e d ro o m , bath, co vered p la n t te rra c e 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1343 B abcock a t NW Loop 419 
_____________ 34) 2731______________ : 

PLANTATION HOUSE APTS 
1 b d rm AUO. M a n ito u * * A713. o il b ills pd 344 7Q93________________ 
P L A N T LO V E R A 
A ll our o pts hove la rg e p atio s or b a lc o n ie s , s to r a g e ro o m w ith e very opt and lots of closet space. 
2 bedroom I b ath or 2 b ed ro om , 2 bath GaH today 
THC H E R IT A G E 
1143 B abcock at NW Loop 41o 
IQ I I I M 
: 

REGENCY HOUSE 
I A N D I B e d ro o m a p ts , p re * h g io u siy to ta le d on H u iry W a n each o c ro s s fro m F T A AM G olf 
C o u rs e 
F ro m A H A , b ills od 
o14 1*31, *34 1)o3, OU 3)31 
I 

SECURITY 
P LU S 
Apts of Distinction 
E fficie n cie s - I and 3 b ed ro om s 
F u rn is h e d ond U n fu rn is h e d 
THE VILLA FONTANA l l ) B R A C K E N R ID G E A VE 
(O F F 17oo B R O A D W A Y ) 
_______ 821*1191________ j 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS la r g e I and I B edroom s 
F R O M A IU 3o (F U R N $14* ) l l * V A H O F M H EC K *26 33*9 
O FF *4oo N N E W B R A U N A ELA 

TENDER LOVING GARE 
C o v e re d w a lk a d v fro m cd r Ie q gl . la u n d ry end m a lth u s a re g su you wan I g e l d re n c h e d la rg e r re a m s so yo u w o n I b o rh y o u r shins M I t i l ) i i * 1 $94 u nd see 
IH C k ING A TON A P IA 
<7*3 v u iic e Ja ckso n F o r TCC 
T Hk~ B E I K N A P AR M s AP IA 
U t W M IA l i t fQ E 
733 91*4 
I ) * 4*91 
BY AP P O IN T M b N I O N I V 
I B td r p o m t i l l 
I B e d i* * m 
•o w n *..u s * i l l # sa ft fire p la c e . 
I -b a th AHA I B e d ro o m to w n house IM # sa l f , I ib a ih . i l l s 

" V iL L A i l ' & ii* Y Ap T a" " ~ 
I I t a i l gum * a nd k N iite m e * 
UT I L I ! l l s P A ID 
M f ) i t N e w q rg a n ja ** t i t 4H 3 

THE B E L K N A P A R M A A PTA 
3o7 W M IS T L E T O E 
733 92*4 
733-4891 
BY A P P O IN T M E N T O N L Y 
I B e d ro o m . A H A 
7 B e d ro o m tow nhouse, 121o sq ft fire p la c e . < 
I .tu rin *31$, 2 B e d ro o m to w n house, 17*o sa f t , t 'ib o t h $32$ 

THE TAHITIAN 
2 B edroom . l-B a th , 112o 
3 B edroom . I B ath. HOO sa ti $29o ! 
The lo c a tio n is so c o n v e n ie n tly located a second fa m ily c a r is no) needed 
A L L U T I L IT Y * P A ID 
One B lock To N o rm S tar M a ll 
2o1 B IR C H L E AF 341 o18$ 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
A N A P A R T M E N T 
U n fo rg e to b ie os its nom e 
1 B E D R O O M . BIAS 
2 B E D R O O M . SHO 
UTILITIES PAID 
824 oo61, 828 7393 

 fOWNHOUSES 
I And 3 b edroom s w asher d ry e r conn F a m ilie s w elcom e 
A ction A et L o ca to rs. 874-23)3 

~ 
3o1 Of 13 W M a g no lia 
A p a rtm e n t* fro m $1oo o n d up 
N eor AAC. co nve nien t shopping. bus Imps Coff 73) 98$/ 

$33 W M a g no iip , cle an o af , $9$ w uter paid k lju a ik o r 
14 za 

4o6 HOUSES DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

A cro ss K e lly , I b u l, nom cle an , p u r p le $o2 W o le t pd f i t 9144 
711 B ailey. Southside 4 ro o m due ch itd w elcom e l l * u n 
_ _ _ 
I B e d ro o m d u p le x , no p o ts , no c h ild re n , no d rin k e r s , w ith re t 
AOA m g AIA, dog $34 H i t _______ 
I B edroom NW . g a ra g e , fence,- * kids a nd F ido $14$ 
U nited, 7 ) $ f i l l , tee i$ 9 o n __ 
B ru c x e n rid e e H ig n 2 bed ro om s, fire p la ce , ca rp ets, lu s t AUS 
U nited, 733 9 12 !' tee (4337) 
B r ic k 2 b e d ro o m h o r n * 
S 
A 
Sears, *14$ *4o 3)99 ot 69* Q4ee 
C a rp e te d I b e d ro o m , w ilh a ir , p riv a c y Ie nee, now tusf iU $ 
U n ited 7)3 9)71 le e (3o41) 
: D uplex nea r F I Aam I bede earn. 
! I b ath fenced, w a ter pa 39$ m a 
I *4o1721 

F u rn house tenea rn y a rd SIAO me. a c ra s y fro m p i su m C cm # 
'm y, v ) / ***« or |^ - o to o 

K id s g e ls w e lc o m e , c o o l 1 be dro om g g rf anis od AUO C all 
UnHaR, 733 t i l l H i* 137*1) 
NE m ostly tu rn J b e d ro o m s BOS a ir w asher univ A t l i 
U nitofl- t i t -OIH, toe ($ /f3 ) 
U t B i f H iid a e 
L o t s ta n d a en V t 

 i L a o - f t s m j i n u m 
, 
H i t t a n P e a t# 
3 lo a m a g g e r newly redone w a le r pd 
AHO t i l HOO 

J B ED R O O M , l-c o r g a ra g e $16$ 
3 B E D R O O M , 2 b a th , ro n g e , re- 
I frig , AHO 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y RE A L T Y ASI QIAO j I b e d ro o m d u p le x , 1o19 D a w so n 
1 Al $3o m o I U oar _________ 
I 2 B ed ro om , fenced, g a ro g e . $89 mo Coll 226-6986 o ffe r lp m 
I B ig I b d r m , s e p a ra te d in in g , stove, fenced, o nly Af 7$. 
U nited, 73$ 9121. tee (3763) j B ills p d . I b d r m h o u s e , a p p l fenced, co ve re d p atio , HOO. 
U ntied, 73$ 9171, too ($742) 

SI35 SI6o 
B LA N C O RO. and BAAAE RD 
I J B edroom s. G as W a le r pd 
6831 B A S IL WOOD 342-37o2 
B rin g the kids. 2 b d rm house, fo r 
\ $7$ No lease 
U nited. 73S-9171. tee (6o42) 
B rin g the kids, I b d rm house. M r 
$75 No lease 
U nited, ;?s 413I M t (*o42) 
471$ C h ed d ar 3 2 den nice 
$2*o 
B A R N E B E Y A G E N C Y 
341 44$$ 
C ity v ie w , 3 t i l, b u ilt in p lu s re trig , fenced tor a ll C oli 
U nited, 733-91 i t , M e <$»/)) 

Close eno ug h to c o m m u te W hy re n t a et-house in SA. w h en you con re n t I so a c re ra n c h « m i AW al 
B a n d e ra o n d a ro w y o u r o w n v e g e ta b le * b e e f7 H a s a ld e r I b drm , t b oth house, 3 w e lls, tan k, c o m fo rta b le outhouse, and lots of gam e, A33o m o 4 -u tilitie s . 734-7731 

C L O S E TQ P E R R IN S C IT L E 
A N D 
T H O U S A N D 
O A K S 
3 b edroom IH b ath s fenced, stove ond re frig e ra to r E x tra nice O nly 
$2oo D er m o n th 
C a ll *$ *-3 o o o 
D E A N IE 
O W ENS 
CO 
R E A L T O R S _____________________ 

C o lo n ie s N o rth . 4 b e d r o o m ," ) both, A3oo m g, 344 $**1 

C u te C o tta g e . I b d r m , s la v e , l e frig adults, bus *24 o911 

327 D a w n v ie w , lo v e ly J b d rm , I bath. fenced yd. a p p l, a v a il Fee 
33, $19o m o 6 » 24$« ob p l only 

DO YOU W A N T la re n t o r tease w ith o p tio n lo b uy or o w n y o u r own h o m e 1 52oo V43o m o COM 
IN T E R S T A T E 128 o/ 3$ til 8 nm 
D U P L E X 
2 b e d ro o m s , I b a m s, fu lly c a rp ete d and d ra pe , c e n tra l heal a ir, stove, re frig e ro to r dish w asher 7742 N acogdoches Road, 
$72$ 124 *3*8 
R E A V IS R E A L T Y CO__ 
D u p le x n e a r H o lly w o o d P a r k newly d eco ra ted d elu xe fe a tu re *, lease 494-AO** 
_____________ 

EASTW O O D V IL L A G E 
A ff roc fiv e 3 bed ro om , w ith fenced tot, stove and re frig e r a to r. O nly 
AIA# m o AA* dep C all today 
P A LO A L T O 
L o re # 3 b e d ro o m . U t P ath w ith 
I a i p o rt ond c e n tra l h eat A lta m o 
Section I OK Colt new $34 M i* 
Century 21 

W A K E F IE L D R E A LT O R S 
E con o m y, I b e d ro o m , k id s , pets ak, has steve re frig see 
U nited. 73A-9I1I, fee <3847* 

3o4 E C R E S T L IN E 
J I ie iii nom I path. nea r B abcock und 41o 
R e al 
SISO, 
*1oo dep 
34! 81)4____________ 

124 E R R O L 
3 b e d ro o m . I P oth. fenced y a rd , 2 a ir u n its , ne k it i lim iiu p itu n i es 5 I SU *7* *Jx8 
R E A V IS RE A l r V c o 

C o n tin u e d 

O n 
IS H 

REFLECTED BEAUTY 

A m e rica s Sp ace Sh uttle rid e s a to p a g ia n t 7 4 7 on its first test fligh t 
Space shuttle airborne 

 f t 
North Star Mall 
FCSTIVAL OF FMC ARTS 

THRU THE 26TH 

2nd Semi-Annual Invitational Artists' Tour 

Come to North Star Mall Feb. 16 thru 26 and 

 enjoy a festival of fine arts throughout the Mall. 
Artists and craftspersons from all over the U.S. will display, and have on sale, their works along with a tremendous participation of Texas artists. Oils, watercolor, pottery, jewelry, metal sculpture, photography, and woodcarving just to give you an example of the variety of media and talent there! 

COS A N G U ES TIMES SERVICE 

EDW ARDS A FB, Calif. - The space shuttle, destined to be­ come the Conestoga wagon of spaee-travel, made its maiden flight here Friday morning — a two-hour-long jaunt on the back of a modified 747 jumbo jet. 

The flight was a cautious first test of the combined Boeing 747 mothership and the Rockwell International shuttle orbiter. 
At an altitude of IK,OOO feet and speeds of up to 287 rn.p h., the flight was far short of the orbital altitudes 
(between 115 and KIK! miles above the earth) and speeds l ’p to 17,2oo m p h.) for which the shuttle was designed. 
W ith National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration pilots Fitzhugh I, 
Fulton and Thomas C. McMurtry at the controls, of the big. silvery 747. the mothership was cleared to take oil at 
8:3o a m. by tin* Edwards control tower. 
“ She s rolling." one of the pilots re­ ported. as the 747’s brakes were re­ leased and the mothership began to mo\ e. 

T -.V i c a u g h t the o th e r it tim e s, the T I c a m e r a tm in n 

 it a r t in g a lo n g s id e the m o t h e r sh ip in p ig g y b a c k e d shuttle lik e b r ig h t ly st r ip e d t r o p ic a l fish s u i m m i n g c lo se to a g r o u p e r 

Despite the great weight of the two vehicles — 265,35o kilograms (585.(MIO pounds) combined — the jumbo jet quickly gathered speed and lifted ea­ s i ly off the runway at about the 
6.(HK)-foot mark. 
The big aircraft, with the shuttle orbiter securely fastened to the top of its fuselage by a series of struts, was accompanied during the takeoff and throughout the subsequent flight by a quartet of T-38 chase aircraft. 
Two of the chase planes were flown bv NASA points Richard ll. Truly and 
.loc ll Engle, who some day will fly the shuttle orbiter in space. 

Remarkable 

Television cameras aboard the T-38s prov ided a series of remarkable v iews of the 747-shuttle combination as the two vehicles ran through their paces high above the Mohave Desert. 
At times, the TY camera on one T-38 

 caught the other T-38s darting along­ side the mothership in piggybacked shuttle like brightly striped tropical fish swimming close to a grouper. 
This initial flight test, the first of six in which the cabin of the shuttle or­ biter will be unmanned, was intended to evaluate the low-speed performance and handling characteristics of the composite vehicle. 
Although pilot Fulton reported some 
"very, very slight buffeting in the rear 
(of the 747)" at one point early in the flight, he also reassured ground con­ 

 trollers it was ‘ nothing to worry about." 
Later. .John Yardley, the NASA as sedate administarator for space flight, speculated that the buffeting may have been caused by a very slight misa­ lignment of tilt1 Shuttle on the back of tin' /4c 
The 747 returned to earth at 111:35 a m., a little more than two hours after it took off. and a NASA spokesman said that “ almost all of the major test ob­ jectives” were met. 
The remaining five unmanned shut­ tle flights are to be made over the next month or so and then, in May, pilots will'begin riding inside the space ve­ hicle as the 747 carries the black, gray and white vehicle — called the Enter­ prise — on still another series til cap­ tive flights. 

New political group created on North Side 

A new citizens political or­ ganization was on the drawing hoards Friday. 

It is called the North San Antonio 
Political Education Assn., and the announcement of its founding came out in North San Antonio Chamber of 
C ommerce envelopes. 
President of the association is Terry c. Tippen. 
Invitation 
The letter invites citizens to a meet­ ing at 7 p m Thursday at 2446 Cee Gee, 
Suite 1o4. North San Antonio Chamber of Commerce Executive board room 
Asserting "we can no longer afford the luxury of letting someone else manage our hard bought freedom," 
Tippen cited the need for the organization 
He explained an organization is 
Hooded to educate the public and de­ fine the issues, to maintain continuity; to search tor candidates; to orion can­ didates and top staff, to recommend sound campaign finance practices and assist in finding contributors, and to recommend practices for the recruiting and training of volunteer help. 
Positive 

Stressing financial contributions are not the interest of the new effort. Ttp- pon said instead the organization is looking for people with positive atti­ tudes and physical commitment. 
Ile said the organization hopes to Im* a |M»sitive influence in the future of San 
Antonio. Texas and the nation. 
Tippers letter opens with this ques­ tion: 

"How often have you sat back in pure amazement at some of the unbe­ lievable actions and statements of some of our elected public officials?” 

James Dement. North San Antonio 
Chamber of ( oinmeree president, is an announced candidate for City Council 

Nielsen, 
Webb open up offices 

Asserting he wants to make District 
2 "a showplace for San Antonio " City 
( oiincil Candidate Joe Webb opened his campaign headquarters Friday. 
The headquarters is located at 527 
Center St 
A l s o opening his campaign head­ quarters Friday was Councilman I) ford Nielsen. Nielsen is seeking re­ election from District 8. 
Webb, a candidate in District 2, promised he would work for a program to reduce crime, to provide job oppor­ tunities. to reduce the hardship from high utility costs and to increase needed public services in the area 
Addressing his supporters at an open house at his headquarters at 6222 111 IU in the 222 Building, Nielsen pledged he will continue working towards deve­ lopment o| the human and economic resources in District 8 and all of San 
Antonio 
Mayor asks closer neighborhood links 

Mayor Lila Cockrell Friday set a goal of building mutual respect and cooperation among the various neigh­ borhoods and insulation groups of the city. 
Speaking to more than IOO sup- 
(Millers at the opening of her North 
Side headquarters iii the North Crown 
Building, the mayor said the city must make wise use of all of its natural resources, including its people, 
"We are growing as a*city," she said, "and there is a great need to protect our heritage and presene the quality ut hie " 
Different neighborhoods have differ­ ent needs, said the mayor, calling for 
"every effort to see that all sections of our city participate in the general growth a n d development." 
Mrs Cockrell railed for the im ­ provement of services i i i older neighborhoods as well as the extension 

\ 

 oi needed services to newer areas. 
She then said that the greatest re­ source of the city is its people. She added: 
"W e want to build bridges of under­ standing among all of the people iii our community so that regardless of the section, or of the ethnic or cultural background our citizens can reach out to each other ii i mutual respect and cooperat ion." 

Present at the dedication w ire tonner mayor Walter McAllister and a group of former council members in­ cluding Mike Passur. Mrs Manfred 
Gerbardt, Jack Kaufman. Bob Jones and George De l*a Garza 
The mayor had spent much of the day campaigning starting with a breakfast with 25 business and profes­ sional people and a mid-morning coffee break Iii the Jefferson area 

ONLY 2 BIG D A Y S — SAT.-M O N. 

Larger Selection ............... 
You bet we c are .......... 
A m 
# 
S H O P A N D C O M P A R E 

DECORATOR TABLE 

• CLASSIC OF SIGN 
• SCALLOPED lo o t roe 
• M ABBHlZfD FORMICA TOT 
• FBONY ONISHI D 
ELEGANT 
DINING IN 
SPANISH 
UMI i t l l SUPPLY 

GOLDEN 
FINISH 
J 
J 
• STURDY TRESTLE EXTENSION TABLE 
• PROTECTED TOP 
• I — ARM & 5 SIDE CHAIRS WITH UPHOL 
STEREO SEATS & BACKS 
^ 
ETAGERE 
PLANT STAND 

5o" HIGH 
1o" GLASS SHELVES 

• OVERALL SIZE 36x5o 
• LUSTER GOLD FINISH 
• RICH IN DETAIL 
9 E Q 
• MANY MORE ON DISPLAY 
W W 
• LIMITED SUPPLY AT THIS PRICE 
EASY TERMS 
7 pc. $444 

CHOOSE-A-TABLE 
RICH VELVET SOFA 

■ sr 
#» r 
I . . 
I . JjJfcc 
SLEEPER SOFA 

• SLT FPS TWO 
• F U L L S I Z E 
SLEEPER COV­ 
ERED IN EASY 
CARE HERCU- 
LON 
• G R E A T F OR 
UNEXPECTED 
GUESTS 

% 

 rn YOUR CHOICE — COCKTAIL 
OR HEXAGON COMMODE 
• PROTECTED TOPS 
• FUNCTIONAL DOORS AND 
STORAGE 
A 

• R E V E R S I B L E SEAT C U SH IO N S FOR 
LONGER WEAR 
• ELEGANT FLORAL PATTERN 
• COORDINATING CHAIRS AVAILABLE 
’39.* 
’188 

LARGE FAMILY SIZE 
HANDSOME TRADITIONAL 

9-PC 
’188 

• BOOM FOB M O M TOO' 
• FOB MIC A TOF TABU 
• 8 TAU BACK VINYL COVtBfcD CHAIfi 

• 2 PIECE SOFA & MATCHING c h a ir s 
• PREMIUM GRADE COVER 
• CHOICE OF COLORS 
• AS SEEN ON T V. 

OTHER SIZE 
SLEEPERS ALSO 
AT SPECIAL SAVINGS 

STYLISH BEDROOM 
“Ptf Tftf 
I 
P 'fey*** - A 

• LARGE 9 DRAWER TRIPLE DRESSER 
• TWIN FRAME MIRRORS 
• FULL OR OUEEN SIZE HEADBOARD 
• 2 DRAWER NITE STAND 
• DARK OAK FINISH 
5 
$ A Q " f 
MATCHING CHEST SIM 
PC. 
■ § Y # 

MORE A N D MORE HOMEM AKERS SH O P a COMPARE • AND BUY AT QUALITY! 

SHOP EITHER CONVENIENT LOCATION 
EASY TERMS 
• UP TO 36 MONTHS 
TO PAV 
• DANK AMEBIC ARD 
• MASTER CHARGE 
• INSTANT CREDIT 
AVAILABLE 
• RO DAV OPTION 
PIAN 
• SC HARLA ESPANOL 

• OPEN AT * A M 

STORE HOURS 
OPEN 
THURSDAY tai« p m 
DAILY 
TIU 7 P M 
I ALAMO 
TIU 4 P M.) 
SATURDAY 
••M 6 P M 

NORTHS** 
34o1 FRED* HIC A SHUNG 
M O N O * * 
LAND 
736-2o29 

SO U TH S** 
$432 A AL AMO 

224-1993 

San Antonio E X P R E S S-N E W S— 
Saturday February 19 1977 

Texas reports flu 

ATLANTA (A P) — Influenza out­ breaks have been reported in 14 states, including widespread outbreaks in four states, the national Center for Di­ sease Control said Friday. 
The outbreaks involve Influenza B. a less severe virus which strikes chil­ dren and young adults. 
However, additional A-Yietoria in­ fluenza has been reported, ineluding 

 two eases confirmed by laboratory tests at the University of Alabama al 
Tuscaloosa. The CDF said increases in school absenteeism in Tuscaloosa also has been reported. 
Widespread outbreaks of Influenza B were reported in Alabama, Arkansas, 
Pennsylvania and Connect lent, with regional outbreaks in Colorado, Texas and Florida. 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— Saturday February 19 1977 
Neil Diamond tapes concert as TY special 

Andy W illiam s hosts the tw o-hour Gram m y Awards Show coming live from H ollyw ood Paladium , tonight at 8:3o p.m. on KENS-TV. Am ong the stars joining him — many of whom are Gram m y Aw ards nominees —- are (from lower left) Bette M idler, Stevie W onder and the Captain and 
Tennile. 

You've heard the say­ ing "The third time is the charm” lit performer Neil Dia­ mond's case, it was the fourth time. 
The musician has been wanting to do something for television for some time. But he never could come up with the right project. He gave it three tries, but scrapped what hi' had each time. 
Now lie has something lie wants to show off to the telex ision audience. A one-hour special which will be seen on Monday evening at 
8 on 
KMOL-TY. 
This performance was taped last September during his I i na I perfor­ mance of concerts at Hie 
Breek Theatre in Los 
Angeles. 
Return 
It was back iii IDTI!, when Diamond s career was i ii high g e a r , that lie decided to drop out for awhile. “ I took a hiatus 

 l l 

1o:3o a.in. (Ch. 9) • RE- 
BO P - This m orning’s program fo llo w s a 
14 -year-old ('n ban boy who’s starting a new life in America; two Indian girls in Gay Head. M ass., who are dealing with a tourist invasion: and a 
14-year-old P ast Harlem boy and h is tw o b est friends. 

11:3o (Ch. 4) - O I T- 
DOORS - Alaska s 19-dav w inter carnival, know ii as the Alaska Fur Ren­ dezvous, is featured. along with the final three days of tin* 
World 
Championship Dog Sled 
Races. 

Noon (CH. 4) • TV-1 JO BS 
- Today’s program fo­ cuses on listening beyond words and learning how to read Bods Language to facilitate more e ffe c ­ tive communication. Pat 
DelVerff is m o d e ra to r, with guest Dr Robert Iv 
Lindberg, assistant pro­ fessor of counseling at 
IT S A. 

12:3o (Ch. 4) - D I I- 
DOORS 
W ITH 
K IN 

C A LLA W A Y 
• 
K au 

Goose Hunt.” Snow geese are the quarry on an early morning goose hunt 
“ over the rags ” 

2 (Ch. 12) - T H E PKO 
BOW LEK S TOI R - The tour takes the bowlers to the midwest today as they roll iii the $75.min 
King 
Louie Open in 
Overland Park. Kansas. 

2:3o (Ch. 5) • CBS INXI- 
TATTON AL 
T E N N IS 

C H A M PIO N SH IP - T h e tournament features Hi top-rated tennis players. in a tournament w hu h will be presented in two parts, with the second part taking plate iii 
April. Today’s action comes from Ocean Cliv. 
Md. 

3:3o (Ch. 12) - A B C ’S 
W ID E 
W O RLD 
OE 
SPORTS • The Daytona 
” 125” Stock Car Race in 
Daytona. Flu.; an in­ depth look at the sport of bodybuilding with cover­ age of Hit* Mr Lim erst* 
Contest; and the Cham­ pions Invitational Track and Field Meet are fea­ tured. 

4 (Ch. 5) - CBS SPOR ts 
SPECTACULAR • An all-star softball game features players from the 
National League meeting leavers from the Ameri­ can League iii their si*. cond annual game 

5p(4)JIMMY DEAN Stors On 
’ MUSIC HAU AMER!(A(Adv.) 

3 
(Ch. 
12) 
- 
(.IF N 

C A M PBELL LOS 
A N G ELES O PEN - The third round of play in Hie tournament from the Hi- 
Viera Country Club iii 
Pacific Palisades, ( alif 

5p<12) - DATSUN - 
•FtfSINTS 
CUN CAMftiU OPIN(Adv ) 

5 (Ch 4) - M ISIC ll VIX 
AMERIC A • Jim my Dean stars, with guest* 
Jeannie C. Riley. Hilly 
Swan, Asleep at Hit* 
Wheel and Ronnie Pro­ phet 

TV LISTINGS 

ItMmqs «emptied rn tim ioq fuombed by th* ie itvtoon Motion* ond «»• to lev) minute thong*v 
The newspaper iv not invpon nble when iivtmqx ate tn ttto t 

 r 

 j >I« 

KENS-TV 

o 
CBS 
KLRN-TV 

O - E d 
KSAT-TV KWEX-TV 

CD 
A BC 
C D -Inc* 

 m m OO# 
15 rn so# 45 

 he Woody 
Woodpecker Show 

'he Pink Ponther 
Lough I '/* 

Sylvester A 

Tweety 

Clue Club 

Villa Alegre 

Mister Rogers 

Neighborhood 

The Tom A Jerry/ 

Mumbly Show 
Jabbei|aw 
T i 
I 
Y 
/ ; x 
^ 

 o f 
I 
3o 

 lour A VS 
8ugs Bunny ' 

Roadrunner Hour 

Sesame Street 
Scooby Goo' 
Oynomutl Show 
"JKL 
A# « 
- 
Y 

o 
“ 

7 ll 

Speed Buggy 

Monster Squad 

 lotion, Lord 

 of the Jungle 

New Adventure* 

 of Batman 

Once Upon 
A Clossii 
Zoom 
The Kroffts 
Supershow 
Capulina 

7 p .m ., I h . I I 

I O 

Spore Ghost 
Frankenstein Jr 

 bg john, 

 attle John 

Shalom/ 

Isis Hour 

Infinity factory 

Rebop 
Super Friends 

 l l ! 

Ara Paioseqhion s 

Sport* 

Outdoor* 

 fat Albert and 

 the Cosby Kids 
Ark ll 

(orroscolendos 

Crockett s Victory 

Garden 

Oddball Couple 

American 

Bandstand 
E l Chapulin 

Colorado 
7:3o p . i i i , 

Ch. 41 
1 2 ! 

IV 4 lob* 

Outdoor* with 
Ren (ollaway 

Way Out Gomes 

(IS Children s film festival 

 five Stung 
Breakdown 

(host for fancy 

Dirk Clark is host 

Opinion 

 im 
OO 

I 
15 
I 
3o 
I 
45 

 listen' Note 

Rawhide 
(ne fleming 

Saturday Matinee 

In Old 

Caliente 

Roy Rogers 

Word on Words 

Guppies to 
Groupers 

Community Report 

Bill Donee 
Outdoors 

 lo Vol del fvongeko 
El Show de Cornuto 

 o s 

A h 
45 

 ftir Fleming dint Eastwood 

 the Rarer* 

 that Good Old 
Nashville Music 

 the CBS 
Invitational 

By tine 

MO 
R Arthritis 

Pro Bowlers 

Tour 

Caimito Jiminet 

Cine del 
Sabodo 

O S o i l 

College 

Basketball JI 
Tem es 
Arkansas 

Tennis 
(hompionship 
The Garden 

Show 
(memo Showiose 
ABC s Wide 
World of Sports 

El Renegodo 

Blonto 

Abel Salazar 
Martha Roth 

 r n 
OO 

4 - 

CIS Spoils 

Spectacular 

NOVA 

Hunters of 

 the Veal” 

 fantorna 

 falcon 

(HHH 
OO 

 r 

■ 3o o a r 45 

Musk Hall 
America 
Jimmy Dean 

 is host 

 lyewitnes* News 

Sylvan Rodriguez 

(BS (veiling 

News 

People ond 

Ideas 
School lolk 

Glen Campbell 

Los Angeles 
Open 

Sal y 
Pimiento 
Oscar Zomora 

 rn 
OO 
15 

O s 

TV 4 Big News 

Nancy Runnels 
Wild Wild 

World of Animals 

Hee Haw 

 with hosts 
Buck Owens 

 and Roy Claik 

 firing Line 
William f 

Buckley, Ii 

The lawrence 
Welk Show 

 turbo Libre 

(Wrestling) 

 aarn oo 
# ,5 rn t o rn i4$ 

Emergency' 
Kevin Tight 
Randy Manlooth doter' full*. 

I he Mary tyler 
Moore Show 

The Bob Newhall 
Show 

Lowell Ihomos 
Remembers 
The Woy It Wos 

Blonsky s Beauties 
Nancy Walker 

 fish 
Abe Vijodo 

Los Aventura* 

 de (opulma 
(hesptrtfo 
Roberto Solana* 

Q H 
O i l 

NKE Saturday 
Night At the Moyie* 

' Rio lobo 

All In The family 

The 19th Annual 
Grammy Awald* 

National 
Geogiophu 
"Th# New 
Indians 

Starsky I Hutch 

David Soul 
Paul Muhoil 
Closer 

 lo Motor de lo* Poltvoces 

Eduardo Montana 

Enrique (uenco 

DD 

9 s 
# 
45 

John Wayne 
Jennifer o Nerll 

Jorge Inrero 

 lark Item 

Show 

Andy Williams 

 is host 

PBS Movie 
Theatre lyon 

 the terrible 

Most Wonted 
(obert Stock 

Shelly Moyock 

Jo Ann Harris 

Boe de Memo 

I O 
! 

TV 4 kg News 

Nanty tunnels 
NM s Saturday 

Eyewitness News 

Sytvan Rodriguez 

1 (Port One) 

Ntkulai 
(heikoso* 

News Watch 

Graham Smith 

Superstai (memo 

Cowboy 

I l l 

Night 

(I? IS) Late Show 

Sot How 

They tun** 

Star Trek 

(HOO) Big Show 

Buffin 

Sieve Mi Queen 

; Sounding# 
(12 oo) Money 

] Python s Flying 

I Circus 

Glenn ford 

(12 3o) late Movie 

Phffft 

Jock Lemmon 

 las Invencibies 

J!,?!,?**" °n 

I (Ch. 5) 
George 
Tammy guests tr 

- H E E Ii \W - 
Jones anti 
Wynette are 

 v. 

7 (( h 3) - TH E M XRX 
TYLER MOORE SHOW - 
A local newspaper soled* 
Ted Baxter to write a story on “ freedom of the p re s s “ Ted goos in Mur­ ray for help, but lie makes the new s\t t iler swear himself to sorreey 
H is t 

7 (C Ii. 9> - LOW i l l, 
I HOM vs Kl M L M Bt Its 
- * ‘ I HOO * ’ Film highlights include 
My Lai. the 
Black Panthers on the 
Fast anti W est coasts, the death of Eisenhower ami 
I S mm rn landings 

7 
(Ch. 
I) 
- 
E M E R ­ 
G EN C Y ! 
• 
“ Fam ily 
Ties.’’ Desoto worries about an impending visit of his nagging mother- in-law. anti Dis Early and Brackett are fighting tor a choice assignment. a working vacation in 
Hawaii 

7 (C h. 12) - Bi \ NRK V R 
B L XI H E S - * Blonsky for tile Defense 
Nancy makes a \ altun! attempt tit create a semblance n| normal home lite when ju\t ulle authorities in- mitigate to ascertain whether her nephew is 

 growing up in em Mournful a proper 

7:3op(9)’THE WAY IT WAS’’ 
•1968 UOA-HOUSTON 
Boskotboll Gosik(Adv.) 

7:311 (th 3) - THE BOB 
NEWHART SHOW - 1id> 
H artley’s memory is taxed lo the limit when lie forgets the signifi­ cance of April 13 as flu* federal income lax dead­ line and also the date til the H artleys’ seventh wedding anniversary 

7 .IU (C h. 12) - I ISH • 
Fish gets tough with the kids and t uts off their allowance*. But Victor is still way ahead of hun as he comes up with an un­ expectedly large amount of cash 

8 <( h 3) - XLI. IN THE 
FA M ILY - The Bunker 
I it Mite is ravaged firs! by lite and then by Archie 

K U H I) - NIM S H I R 
OXX 
N U.II I 
XI 
IH I 
VIOX I Bs • “ R)it Lobo 

 l h ) J o h n W a y n e * s t a r s a s 

 a i l e x - I I l i o n c o l o n e l i i i 

 s e a r c h ut I m o il t r a i t o r s 

 a f t e r t h e ( iv ii W a r 
H e 

On the Air 

Bv LLDYX PAPPAS 

TV Editor 

 because I had been on the road for a long time.” the performer said during a recent press conference al NHC Studios iii Los 
Angeles. “ I wanted to get back to real life, out of the spotlight, get to know my family again.” 
“ It was tin* best four years of my life,” he continued. “ The most productive. “ lit* said he spent the time oil the beach, catching up on Ins life and writing music. 
In early 197(5. Diamond decided it w as t hue to resume bis concert car­ eer and (hose to do so iii 
Australia and New Zea­ land. where he had never performed before. He played to record crowds. 
Then it was back to the 
U.S. and attendance - breaking records iii Las 
\ egos. New York and Los 
Angeles. 
Young musician 
Diamond was born in 
Brooklyn iii 1943. He be­ gan his musical career at 
Hi when he was given a second-hand guitar as a birthday present by his parents. 
He entered New X’ork 
University as a pre med major on a fencing scho­ larship. He also turned to performing as a means of getting his music played and heard 
Before, he finished col­ lege. 
Diamond was signed to write music for 
$5o a week, so he quit school to embark on a career as a composer. 
He found it was not all roses. however, and for 
Hie next several years bad mort* rejections than acceptance of bis musical scores. 
Recordings 
Finally, out of desper­ ation. the singer-com- poser returned to per­ forming in the hopes of getting his music heard. 
While playing at a 
Greenwich Village coffee house, record producers 
Je ff Barry and billie 
Greenwich heard him and signed him to a con­ tract. At his first record­ ing session for the Bang 
Record label, he record­ ed three of his songs which became lilts. 
These included “ Solitary 
M an.” one of the numbers he will be doing iii the special Monday evening. 
’’Cherry. 
Cherry” and ” 1 Got a 
Feeling.” 
Later the musician signed with Urn Records, which later merged into 

 the MCA Records label. 
He was with them for nearly five years and produced eight albums, all of which reached gold status ($l million iii sales). 
Of his music. Diamond said, 
“ I am not pi­ geonholed so I can write any kind. There are no solid lines drawn.” 

Then he added. “ Music today is very broad. Not limited to one thing like in the ’5os.” 
Drug scene 
W hen asked if he felt a stand which he took se­ veral years ago on drugs hurt his career, he ad­ mitted he thought it did. 
“ It hurt my career for a while.” he commented. 
“ but I have no regrets for what I did “ 
"Unfortunately, the drug scene is still around but not like it was.” In* added, ” 1 don’t think there is anything wrong with pot. alcohol, etc., if you're old enough to handle it. But we're talk­ ing about 15-year-olds.” 
During the musical program, Diamond pulls three well-known figures from his audience — He­ len 
Reddy. 
Henry 
W inkier and Los Angeles' 
Mayor Tom Bradley. All three join him iii a musi­ cal number. 
Iii addition to the te­ lex ision show. Diamond also taped a new concert album. "Lo ve at the 
Greek” which bas been released. He’s hoping for another gold. 

OOO 

Two 
Democratic powerhouses will Ik * seen this Sunday on Face the 
Nation and Meet the 
Press. 
Guest on the 1o:3o a.rn. 
CBS program w ill be 
Rep. 
Thomas 
(T ip ) 
O’Neill. -lr.. Speaker of 
I hi* House of Representa­ tives. 
Senator 
Henry 
M. 
Jackson will be the guest oil NBC's Meet the Press at 11:3o a.iii. 
A BC ’s Sunday news program. 
Issues and 
Answers, will tape its next three programs in southern Africa and the 
Midwest. Interviews will be with 
Rhodesia’s 
Prim e 
M inister 
Ian 
Smith. Egy pt's President 
Anwar Sadat, and the winner of the upcoming contest for Israel’s Labor 
Party nomination for 
Prime Minister. X it/huk 
Rabin or Shin ion Peres. 

Squaw k box 

My mother has bet my 

 father $4oo that at one time ( loris Leachman was the mother on 

“ Lassie” Who wins the money? —Lori 

Mom wins. the mother. 
( loris was 

In the 195os, Ralph 

Bellairy had a television series. Could you please tell me its name? - IH I. 

The series, which made its debut in 1949. was called “ Man Against 
Crime” meets a former Confe­ derate soldier and I hey team up looking for a 
11nill responsible for the death of one of 
Ills friends The two head for 
Rio Lobo and find the town terrorized by car­ petbaggers. 
Jennifer 
O’Neill and Jorge Rivero are featured, 

S (Hi. 12) 
STARKEY A 

III I i Ii - “ Hugffy Bear aud Turkey.'* Marshs aud Hutch help their friend Muggy Bear and 
Ins pal start their ow ii prix ate-rye agency. They refer a routine missing husband cast* to them, but the domestic squab­ ble turns into a deadly game of double-cross 

8:3op( 5) GRAMMY AWARDS Andy 
* WilUorm host* honors for recording artists (Ad*) 

 s n) a h 3) • m i; m n 
W M A l . 
G R X N IM X 
XW NR DK K1IOW • L iv e from lilt* llollvwomi Pal­ ladium comes the awards for recording artists 
There are 49 categories, aud the show features performance* of eight cf them 
For the seventh 

 consecutive year, Andy 
W illiams is host 

9 
(Ch. 
12) 
- 
MOST 
W ANTED • “ The Tunnel 
Killer.” ( apt. Link Evers sets himself up as a member of a robbery ring aud becomes in­ volved in lite biggest bank heist in the city's history, smart Whitman guest stars 

9 (lh 9) - PBS MOXIE 
T H E A T R E - "Iva n the 
Terrible ” (Part One) 
Nikolai Cherkasov stars. 
Ivan IX’, a Kith century 
Russian ruler, came to pinier adrnist traditional 
|Mtiii|) and pageantry 

1o Jo 
(l h. 
12) 

SUPERSTAR CINEMA 
“ Cowboy” Glenn Ford and Jack Lemmon star. 
A hotel clerk and a cattleman each learn a valuable lesson about life when they become partners itll a cattie drive fit Mexico 

IU Ii (I ti I) - NIU S SA­ 
FI ROXY M t.ll I - (K l 
Erie Idle of the Monty 
P\Ilion group Is the host 
4 
I 

 and British rocker Joe 
Cocker is the musical guest. 

Midnight (( h. 5) • THE 
Biti SHOW - (lf) “ But­ in t” Steve McQueen and 
Robert N aught! star. A 
San Franciseo detective lieutenant goes after the killers of a Chicago hood. a prospective witness at a 
Senate subcommittee hearing 

12:15 (Ch I) - H IE LATE 
SHOW - "See How They 
Run." (R ) John Forsythe and Scuta Berger star. 
Three children take the evidence exposing a crooked international cartel with them to 
Am erica with their father’s murderer in hot pursuit. 

12:3o (lh 
12) • IH I 
I X IE 
M O X IE 
- 
( IO 

“ Ph iIU !” Judy Holiday aud Jack Lemmon star 
A successful couple. t*orcd with marriage, get divorced after eight years, only lo find them* selves discontent wit laud each other 

Channel 12 will prompt the first broadcast this week for the ABC The 
Superstars sports con­ test. but it vv ill be carried the following week at 
12:3(1 p.m. 

* + + 

It was announced this week that 
NBC has signed former Secretary of State Henry A K is­ singer to a television contract. 
Kissinger will serve special consultant for world affairs for the network. 
Signed to a five-year contract. Kissinger will play a principal on-air role beginning in Ju ly said the network presi­ dent 
Herbert 
S. 
Schlusser. Kissinger will be appearing on NITO news programs when they involved important developments i i i foreign allairs,” Schlusser said. 
He vv ill also do one major news documentary on in­ ternational affairs each year 

N EIL DIAMOND 
...In TX special 

(S 

The Trinity University public relations staff has added Jack Landman as coordinator of broadcast and film. 
A graduate of Trinity in 1974. Landman joined 
Trinity'* journalism , broadcasting and film department in 
H)74 to teach a basic film pro­ duction class. He also directed and produced special documentary films. One of his recent productions. 
“ Newton 
Boys: Portrait of an Out­ law Gang." was seen on 
KENS-TV recently 

 it Ar ★ 

KMOL- ! V has a new eo-anehor for its 11:39 a.iii weekday news. 
Maria Elena Torralva mined Frank Matthews a couple of weeks ago. She had been appearing dur­ ing the broadcast an­ nouncing events of inter­ est to the community in a piece called “ At Your 
Service.’’ 
Mrs. Torralva has been with Channel 4 since 
June. 1975. and is the producer/hostess of 
“ Fxpresion.” She also hosts tin* early morning 
“ Adelante" Show 

★ OO 

The opera broadcast today over KXI.XU Radio at Noon will be Wagner's 
’Die Walkure." 

Singing the principal roles will be soprano Rita 
Hunter as Brunnhikle, soprano Jamis Martin as 
Sieglinde, mezzo-sopra­ no Mignon Dunn as Erie- ka. tenor James King in the role of Siegmund, baritone Norman Bailey iii his 
Met debut as 
W otan. and bass Manfred 
Schenk, also making a 
Met broadcast debut, as 
Bunding. Erich Leins- dorf w iii conduct. 

★ * it 

One of U B S ’ new co­ medies is 
“ Busting 
Loose." It stars Adam 
Arkin. talented son of noted actor-directnr Alan 
Arkin. 
On Monday evening’s episode, at 7:3o p.m. on 
KFNS-TY. the elder Ar­ kin w ill make a guest appearance with his son. 
This will be their first acting appearance to­ gether. 
Iii the half-hour co­ medy. Arkin will be play ing Adam’s grand­ father. T he series co­ stars Pat Larroll and 
Jack Kruschen. 

★ ★ ★ 

During recent cere­ monies in Miami. Fla.. 
Curt Howdy was honored as the “ broadcaster who has contributed the most lo professional football*’ by the Archie Stone 
Foundation 
A broadcaster since 

1944. when his first assignment was calling high school basketball over K F BU Radio in 
(hey en ne. W’yo., at $15 a week, (iowdx will again be serv ing as host for 
“ The Way It Was ” The 

 series will be making its third season debut to n ­ ight at 7:3o p.m. on 
KURN-TW 
The opening broadcast will be a replay of the 
I!9i8 UULA-Houston bas­ ketball duel. Both stars of the game, Kareen Ab- dtil-Jabbar and 
Eh in 
Hayes will be on hand to talk with dowdy about the game. The two rival coaches. John Wooden of 
UCLA and Guy Lewis of 
Houston, are also on the broadcast. 

★ it ie 

Although he has been at it only a year. 
11-year-old Todd Bridges is more than proficient in skateboarding. 
Bridges plays the street-wise Loomis on 
A B C ’s new comedy 
“ Fish.” The half-hour series stars Abe Yigoda and Florence Stanley . 
On the episode tonight. at 7:39 p.m. on Channel 
12. Bridges will show some of his skateboard­ ing ability. He says his favorite stunt is “ the one-legged wheelie, where you really get to lean out." IR* recently won a “ street surfing" competition iii his native 
San Francisco. 

★ ★ ★ 

Los Angeles Rams de­ fensive tackle Larry 
Brooks, w ill be making a guest appearance (til 
"Welcome Back. Hotter” on Thursday evening. 
It is to be assumed that 
Rotters sweat hogs will pay strict attention to the 
255-pound "substitute teacher.” 

Introducing the 1977 
Celebrities Book, 
Actors & Actresses 
Hometown 
Directory, 
Academy Awards 
Guide and 
Happenings 
Handbook. 

T h c 1o77 World Almanac is a dozen books iii one. including a people book Celebrated persons of the past and present iii such fields as science, politics, music, literature, theater and sports abound in the new edition of The 
VV odd Almanac 
• I here are award winners, 

 including best actor, actress and picture covering nearly 8(J \cars of 
Academy Awards, birth dales and hometowns of personalities from die world of entertainment, hall of tamers, inventors, several ‘‘who’s w ho” lists and more. II people art* your thing The World Almanac is your book The ^76-page World 
Almanac also chronicles historic happenings since V(XR) B ( , 

 u h ludmg a detailed chronology and death roll lor |97o 
■ whatever 

\ou re looking for. chances are you'll brid it in The 1977 World Almanac and bcx»k of t acts, priced ut just 
13 2$. Get your copy of vour book today, un sale at our public service counter, area bookstores, news­ stands. super mal he is, drug stores or w herever quality reading is sold 
Also available bv mail with the convenient co u p o n below 

- M r.* S 3 M S :S fS S e * 
X * J * » <ui#» O k *> I X IX mum at fronts OOM* 
« wwwifv 

CO­ 

SPONSORED 

BY 

IHE 

EXPRESS- 

NEWS 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 

S A i X M I S S - N t W S W O * IO A L M A N A C 
P O . Bo* 4 9 4 8 
C hicago, Illinois 6 o o 8 o 

PIMM ms4 rn* 
<•#*•> •* IS* I t f t W*'te Aim***, I 
•ml*it ay cheth rn dm *i *i4«i tm l l t i »*, *«,k copy *«a*f*d 
(S3 ti ptvt A# (**•• 
SM K**4h*t J 

N A M I 
... 
___________________ ___ _____ _ 

ADDRESS 
.. 
___ _____________ _ 
_ 
____ 

CITY 
STAI! 
ZI9 
__ 
(M oS o chock*, mon*], order* to W o rld A lm a n a c 
A llo w (Sr** w aoS * to* d o lis o ry ,) 

FORECAST 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday February 19 1977 

South T exas gets milder 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
A mild cold front moved slowly into southern portions of Texas Friday bringing milder tempera­ tures to the region. 
The front was reaching from southeast to South­ west Texas. 
-North of the front, temperatures were in the arts late in the morning, but some areas were reporting readings in the fibs. 
Northerly winds prevailed north of the front and southerly winds were the rule south of the front with wind speeds ranging from five to IO miles per hour. 
The National Weather Service said the forecast was for mild temperatures Saturday under mostly clear skies. 

D o * a t ' O " 

N A T I O N A L 
W t A T H ! 

N O A A 
U S 
D c p i 

\ K o * 

S I B V I C I oT Co"'"*ci( 

S A N A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I 
TV 
— S o m e c lo u d in e s s e a r ly 
S a tu rd a y 
O th e rw is e sunny and not so w a rm S a tu rd a y and Sun day 
C le ar and co lder S a tu rd a y night N orth and northeast winds 
IO to IS o mph. 
Lo w S a tu rd a y m id iOs. H ig h S a tu rd a y iii the 
'ow /Os. High Su n d ay n e ar /o. 
Sun ris e s at 7:1o an d se ts at 
6:76. 
The m oon is new . M oon ris e s at 7 25 a in. ond sets at 
8:1o p m . T e m p e ra tu re s F r id a y ran g ed from 39 to 8o d e g re es 
(N a tio n a l 
W ea th e r 
S e rv ic e p re c a s t. I 
R E L A T I V E H U M ID IT Y 
- 42 per cent as of 7 p rn. F rid a y . 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
- 
T o ta l ra in fa ll tor the 24 h ou r p e rio d ending at 6 p.m. F r id a y , none; tor the m onth. .91 ot an inch tor th e y e a r , 
4.o1 in c h e s 
A c ­ c u m u la te d d e p a r t u r e to r th e month, m inus .32 Of an inch; for the y e a r, .96 of on inch. 
N O R T H 
T E X A S — 
F a ir an d cooler S a tu rd a y 
F a ir and m ild 
S a tu rd a y night ond Sunday 
S O U T H 
T E X A S 
- 
S o m e cloudiness e a rly S a tu rd a y m orn mg 
O th e rw ise sunny d a ys and cle a r nights through Sun d ay. Not q u ite so w a r m 
S a t u r d a y an d 
Sunday 
Cooler S a tu rd a y night 
W E S T 
T E X A S — C o n tin u e d fa ir th ro u g h 
S u n d a y 
A little cooler in most sections S a tu rd a y 

N A T IO N A L 
— Snow w ill tall a c ro s s tho tow er G r e a t L a k e s region ond m uch of the northern 
A tlantic coast states. There is a c h a n c e fo r w id e ly s c a t t e r e d ra m sh o w e rs a cro s s the e aste rn p ortion s of the m id d le A tla n tic coast states 
E ls e w h e re (air or p ortly cloudy skies a re forecast 
S e a s o n a b le t e m p e r a t u r e s w ill p re va il a cro ss m ost sections ot the n a tio n e x c e p t a c r o s s th e 
P a c ific co ast sta te s, the south w e s t ond th e c e n tr a l P la t e a u w h ere u nseasonab ly w a rm tem p e ra tu rcs a re fo re cast A cooling tre n d w ilt be fe lt a c r o s s th e southern and ce n tra l Plu m s, the 
M ississippi V a lle y and the low er 
Ohio V a lle y. 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low est. I.* d egrees below zero at Ph ilip sb u rg , P a 
H ig h e s t. 94 d e g re e s a t P a lm 
Springs. Calif 

M A R IN E 
W IN D S — N orth to northeast winds 17 to 22 mph 
Se as 2 to 4 lect along the im m ed iate coast an a 3 to 6 feet offshore 
T I D E S — P o r t A r a n s a s tor 
Sund ay 
H ig hs at 3. IO a rn. ani) 
I 25 D iii Lo w s at IO 74 a rn and 
1o:42 p m . P o rt Isab el for Sun day 
Highs at I o9 a rn. and 5 24 c m 
Lo w s at 
OI a ni and ll 21 p rn. 

G R E A T E R SAN ANTONIO 
San Antonio 
39 
8o 
OO 
SOUTH T E X A S 
Austin 
44 
78 
OO 
B ro w n s v ille 
59 l l 
OO 
Corpus Christi SS 
71 
.OO 

Cotulla 
Del Rio 
Ju n ctio n 
V icto ria 

Abilene 
Alpine 
A m a rillo 
F I P a so 
F o rt W orth 
Houston 
Lubbock 
Lufkin 
Son Angelo 
W aco 

44 
44 
35 
51 
T E X A S 
39 
41 
37 
31 
41 
56 
32 
46 
37 
39 

85 
87 
86 
77 

78 
78 
7o 
75 
73 
77 
74 
8o 
89 l l 
S O U T H W E S T 
D e n ve r 
35 
Honolulu 
6o 
Los A ngeles 
54 
La s V e g a s 
43 
Phoenix 
52 
Salt L a k e City 28 
San D iego 
53 
SOUTH C E N T R A L 
K a n sas City 
29 
57 
Lo u isville 
31 
57 
M em phis 
43 
66 
O klahom a City 34 
71 
SI. Louis 
33 
55 
W ichita 
25 
71 
SO U T H E A S T 
A tlanta 
32 
67 
B irm in g h a m 
44 
7o 
C harleston 
37 
57 
Ja c k s o n v ille 
29 
69 
New Or leans 
53 
75 
Raleigh 
12 
39 
Richm ond 
13 
4? 
T am po 
4o 
1 1 
N O R T H W E S T 
B is m a rc k 
24 
32 
Boise 
28 
57 
Casp er 
26 
IO 
H elena 
33 
53 
Po rtlan d . O re. 
,37 
67 
Rap id City 
3o 
46 
San F ra n c is c o 5.3 
73 
Seattle 
44 
62 
Spokane 
31 
53 
NO RTH C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
Detroit 
Duluth 
Ind ianap o lis 
M ilw au k ee 
M um St P a u l 
O m aha 

OTT 
.oo 
OO 
OO 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

OO 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
.oo 
OO 
OO 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
13 
.o2 
OO 

OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 
OO 

OO 
.oo 
.oo 
OO 
OO 
OO 
o4 

Sit. Ste M a rie 
?l 
27 
N O RsVtEA ST 
Boston 
17 
33 
Buffalo 
o8 
35 
C levelan d 
12 
35 
Colum bus 
17 
' j 
. N ew Y o rk City 
18 
34 
P h ilad e lp h ia 
13 
3,3 
Pittsb u rg h 
IO 
37 
Po rtlan d . M e 
OI 
29 
W ushinglon 
17 
39 

SOUTH A M E R I C A 

Asunc ion 
Buenos A ire s 
L im o 
M ontevideo 
Rio De Ja n e ir 

79 
26 
7o 
21 
72 
22 
72 
22 
«2 
28 

F O R E IG N 
Based on ob se rvatio n s taken at 
6 a m. F r id a y San A ntonio tim e. 
T e m p e ratu re s a r c in F a h re n h e it 
(left) and C e n tig rad e I 

City 
For. 
Cent. 

M E X IC O 
( M e x ic a n t e m p e r a t u r e s ap p e a r in both F a h r e n h e it a n d 
C e n tig ra d e or C e ls iu s . F o h r e n heit is listed first in each colum n I 
A cap u lco ............ 77 25 
9o 32 
G u o d alcn ara 
. 
52 61 
63 17 
M az aflan ........... 59 15 
86 3o 
M ex ico City . . . . 5 o 
'o 
68 2o 
M o n t e r r e y 
48 o9 
81 l l 

JA N A N T O N IO 
P R E C IP IT A T IO N m r 
197* 
A v . 
R .C 
Jo n 
3 IO 
OS* 
17* 
8 32 

Fob 
o 91 
o l l 
16$ 
I SS i t ; * m s 
A v . 
P . c 

M ar 
I 2o 
o 5? 
I 67 
4 19 
Apr 
5 67 
2 39 
2 28 l l 64 
M ay 
5 8o 
6 91 
3 45 
14 o7 
Jo n 
I 61 
4 6o 
2 95 
IO 44 
Ju ly 
5 39 
o 44 
I 69 a is 
Aug 
2 o9 
I 22 
2 36 ll 14 
Sept 
3 79 
o SI 
4 59 
15 78 

Oct 
8 48 
2 75 
2 IO 
9 56 
Nay 
J 46 
o o3 
I 37 
6 19 

Dec 
I 95 
I 48 
I 75 
6 22 
USO’s role in peace praised 

T E X A S W E A T H E R 

F o re co s t 

City 
Temproture 

Sot 
Son 

A m o rin o 
31 
56 
31 61 
F o ir, cooler 
Austin 
46 
7o 
36 7o 
Sunny, cle a r 
L a re d o si 
75 
41 75 
Sunny, m ild 
Corpus C hristi 
56 
75 
46 71 
Sunny, m ild 
V icto ria 
.51/1 
4o 7o 
Sunny, m ild 
D anas F o rt W orth 
36 
56 
35 61 
F a ir, cooler 
Mc A llen B ro w n s v ille 56 
75 
56 71 
Sunny, cle a r 
Houston 
5o 
7o 
36 7o 
Sunny, m ild 

The LSO may actually be more important in peacetime than during war. according to the organization's national executive director. 
M ichael E . M onster was guest speaker at tile USO Council of Metro­ politan San Antonio's With annual meeting this week. 
“ Our sole purpose is to bridge the gap between civ.ilian and m ilitary life,” Monster said. . 
“ Most people think of the USO in terms of periods of war. but we feel there is more need for that link between military and civilian worlds during times of peace.” 
Monster said since the end of the 
Vietnam war, I SOs worldwide have grown smaller and funding is harder to come by. 
Work harder 
“ It just means we have to work a little harder to maintain our posture us the organization with it* sole concern being the welfare of military personnel and their families.” lie said. 
The USO is funded through United 
Way. 
Mrs. R N W hite was elected presi­ dent of the USO council during the luncheon meeting. She has been active 

 with USO for 14 years and is the first woman to be elected to the office. 
Arthur Riklin was elected vice pres­ ident, M rs. George VV. B ich sel, treasurer and Mrs Charles I Castro 
.lr., secretary. 
Engineering seminar set 

The San Antonio Institute oil Minor­ ities in Engineering will conduct a seminar from 8 a.m. to I p.m. Satur­ day in the Sams Athletic Center at 
Trinity University. 
Co sponsors are the Intercultural 
Development Research Assn.. Trinity 
University and San Antonio School 
District. 
Following a welcome bv Mayor Lila 
Cockrell at 8:4o a.m.. R. F. Tickner. of 
Exxon Co. and T A M E chairman, will speak. 
Panel discussions topics will include 
"M inorities in Engineering 
Ail 
Historical Survey and Summary of 
Progress" and "The Role til Techno­ logy-Based Industry in Minority Edu­ cation 
— 
The 
Consum er's 
Perspective." 
A blood clot the size of this dot can cause a heart attack. 

O ra stroke. 

Every year, thousands die because of a blood clot. I housands more become disabled, some permanently. 
W h a t’s being done to stop it? 
Plenty. 

W e ’re the Am erican Heart Association. W e ’re giving scientists the chance to find out more about blood clots. 

How to detect them. How to treat them. How to keep them from happening. 
W e ’re fighting hard. W ith new drugs. New kinds oi treatment. Better ways to help heart attack and stroke victim s return to a norm al life. 

And it’s only a part of tile total w ar w e’re waging against the number one cause of death in this country: cardiovascular d iseases. 

Bu t we can’t fight without your money. W hen an Am erican H eart A s s o c i­ 

 ation volunteer asks for your dollars, he generous. 
The blood clot is sm all, the problem is enormous. 
Give. 
Its a simple case of self-defense. 
American Heart Association 

COURTESY OF A N O A PUBLIC SERVICE TO THE PEOPLE OF SA N A N T O N IO BY: 
CUSTOM HI-FI DISCOUNT CENTERS 

6738 SA N P E D R O /751 5 H W Y . 9o W /3 9 2 5 FREDERICKSBURG 

R SUN d p rn n t M f i x t £ f t < r & I # & f W p J V 
Way 
F X P R F S S . N E ju ix fk jL n E i i 3 ^ " * n jm 
THE REAL BARBARA 
WALTERS 

Everyone knows about her million-dollar salary ... but under all the professionalism, what is 
Barbara Walters really like? Now, in BARBARA 
WALTERS: TV 
SUPERLADY, read about the private side of one of 
America's brightest superstars—as a wife, mother, and celebrity with a frantic schedule. 
Continues Daily in The News 

 jiipg$pr 

I k \ iK m H if -- 
MEN Ob. 
O * HOWTO 
SURVIVE DIVORCE 
They are organizing, America's divorced husbands ... to achieve financial equity, fair play and emotional well-being. In 
"Men and Divorce: From No-Fault to No Future,'' author Robert 
Cassidy takes a sensitive look at divorce. He gives you a sensitive look at the child's side of divorce, urges men to express their feelings in the interest of personal growth ... shows them how to relate to intimates once more. 
Continues In the Express 
ANOTHER RoNUS ROOK 
A S® 
PULLOUT 
ROOTS 2 
The San Antonio 
Star continues 
Alex Haley's classic story where TV left off. In Part 2, Alex 
Haley brings his family up to date . . . Tom and Irene's daughter Cynthia marries Will Palmer and has a daughter named Bertha ... Alex Haley's mother. 
PLUS! 
THE STAR UNCOVERS THE 
GRAVE OF TOM THE 
BLACKSMITH IN HENNING. TENNESSEE! 
LIZ TAYLOR 
TELLS ALL 
ABOUT 
HER 
NEW 
MARRIAGE 

ALL THIS AND 
MUCH MUCH 
MORE! 
TO SUBSCRIBE, CALL 
225-7411 

H San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday February 19 1977 

IQ I— D eaths 

111— Deaths 

B R A N D E N B E R G E R 
M r s - W e sle y J ( S c h u lz ) B re n - rtpnberqer, re. of M a so n , T e x a s died Feb. 18 in a local hospital. 
Life resident of M ason, T e xa s and a m e m b e r of the H ild a U n ite d 
M e t h o d is t C h u r c h of M a s o n 
D a u g h te r s , M r s . T. W. Lofttn, 
M r s W. A. H am m on , both of San 
A n to n io a n d M r s. D. M . Sm ith. 
M c Q u e e n e y , T e x .; so n , F . W 
B r a n d e n b e r g e r , M c Q u e e n e y . 
Tex.; nine gran d ch ild re n ond tour g re a t g ra n d c h ild re n . S e rv ic e s 3 p rn Sunday, F e b 2o. Hilda Unit ed M e t h o d is t C h u r c h , M a s o n . 
T e x a s w ith R e v . E r v in J o rd o n o f f ic ia t in g 
In t e r m e n t H ild a 
C e m e te ry , M a s o n . Tex. A r r a n gem ents by 
M A S O N F U N E R A L H O M E 
M oson , T e x a s 
913-347-55o6 

B R IT T O N 
M rs. Volcient A n n Britton, age 87, of 124o W. P y ro n Avenue, passed aw ay F rid a y , F e b 18, 1977 in o local hospital. Born in A lvarad o, 
T c x o s, M r s B ritto n re sid e d in 
S a n A n t o n io 26 y e a r s ; w a s a m em ber of the C o ke sb u ry United 
M e th o d ist C h u rc h . S u r v iv o r s : 
Son, W illia m C. B ritto n of F o rt 
W orth: daughters. M rs. E liia b e th 
Nelson of Carrollton, Texas. M rs. 
M a r y M c M u lle n of F o rt W orth, 
M r s D o ris Stovall, of M ansfield, 
T exas. M r s E d d ie L o u is e V ail- la n c o u rt of S a n A n t o n io ; n in e g ra n d c h ild re n ; 12 g re a t g r a n d ­ ch ild re n ; n u m e ro u s n ie ce s and nephew s and m any friends. S e r­ vices, 7:3o p m. Sa tu rd a y at the 
Southside F u n e ra l H om e Chapel with R e v Lester H a in e s officiat­ ing Follow ing the se rv ic e s M r s 
Britton will be taken to Shannon 
Fun e ral Hom e in F o rt W orth for interm ent in L a u re l L an d Cem e te ry , F o r t W o rth . In lie u of flowers, m em orials to C o ke sb u ry 
N u r s in g S c h o la rs h ip F u n d ; C o ­ k e s b u r y 
U n ite d 
M e t h o d is t 
Church, San Antonio. Direction of 

& oU flfSlUt 

6 3o 1 $. Flores 
9 2 3 -6 3 3 9 

’QI— Deaths 

F IS C H E R 
M r s A lm a S Fischer, 82, 12o4 W. 
M agnolia, died Feb. 17, 1977. S u r ­ v ivo rs: G ran d so n s, Glen Phillips, 
R u sse ll A. Phillips, Sa n Antonio, 
H a r r y Le e P h illip s , C a m e ro n . 
W ise . a n d B. F r a n k P h ill ip s , 
O r a n g e P a r k , F la . ; IO g r e a t g ra n d ch ild re n ; n u m e ro u s nieces and nephews. Se rvice s 1o:3o a rn. 
M o n d a y , 
Z I Z I K - K E A R N S 
C H A P E L , the R e v P a u l P e r r y officiating. E n to m b m e n t Su n se t 
M ausoleum A rra n g e m e n ts bv 

Zm k-Kearns 
Downing - Mc C UuHher I v 
1322 N. St. M a ry ’s 
2 2 7 -2 2 o 6 

G A R N E R 
M rs. Ida Bell G a m e r, of Seguin, passed aw ay Feb. 17 in Son A n ­ tonio at the age of 78 years. S u r ­ vivo rs: Two daughters ond their husbands, M rs. E a rl R. (M a p le ) 
L a w le r of B u rn e t, T e x a s, M r s 
John R. (N e va ) Gano, Jr., of San 
A n to n io ; fo u r g ra n d c h ild re n . 7 great grandchildren, five sisters, 
M rs. Addle Riddle. M rs. M a g g ie 
C lift, M r s 
L o lo H a ll o n d M r s 
L ib b y White, ail of Se gu in , and 
M rs. Jodie Brieden of Stockdale. 
F u n e ral se rv ic e s Sa tu rd a y, Feb 
19, a t 4 :o o p.m . in the G o e t r 
M e m o ria l Chapel in Se gu in with burial in M e m o ry Law n M e m o ria l 
Park, San M a rco s. Texas. A r ra n ­ gem ents by 
Goetr F u n e ral H om e 
Seguin, T exas 

C L E M E N T S 
M r. H arold L. Clem ents, oge 86, of 
3337 F r e d e r ic k s b u r g Rd., died 
T hursd ay. Feb 17, 1977 He w as a m e m b e r of the S e n io r C it ire n 
Bow lers of O ak Hills and W onder 
Bowl. S u rv iv o rs 
Wife, M r s Iola 
Clem ents; daughters, M r s Phillip 
(M ad eline) R icks, San Antonio. 
M rs. L a u ra B u d g e , L a s V e q a s, 
Nev.; stepdaughter, M r s F ra n k 
( Io la ) M ix o n , S o n A n to n io . 13 g ra n d c h ild re n ; 18 g re a t g ra n d children. Se rvice Sa tu rd a y at 9:3o in the C o lo n ia l C h a p e l of the 
P o r t e r L o r in g M o r t u a r y . D r 
C h a rle s W isdom officiating. P a ll b e a re rs 
F ra n k R ic k s . G e o rg e 
R ic k s , C h a r le s H a r o ld R ic k s , 
Bobby Ricks, Billy R icks. B ry a n 
R ic k s . P h illip R ic k s , a n d C o l 
Peter Scrivano. Interm ent in Ro s e lo w n M e m o r ia l P a r k A r r a u gem ents with 

K ille r L o rto n h o i M c C u l l o u g h 22? « 2 2 i 

C A R T E R 
M r H ilria Carter, age 75, of 1o19 
P e re r, died T h u rsd a y , F e b 
17. 
1977 al a local hospital He Is s u r­ vived bv his wile. M rs. M atild a 
C a rte r; daughter, M r s Alice C 
B a rb o u r; four sisters. M r s E lla 
Pitts, M r s A nnie M c G o w an M r s 
R o s o C 
Joh nson, M r s V e rn ic e 
M oson . tour grandchildren, three great g ra n d c h ild re n , nieces, ne phew s and o host of relatives and friends 

F O R S Y T H E 
M r s Catherine Shell F o rsy lh e 76. of 2o3 T h o m a s J e ffe rso n , died 
F e b ru a ry 16. M e m b e r of the First 
Baptist Church, Anthology C lub of 
San Antonio and G a rd e n Club of 
F irs! Baptist C hurch. S u rv iv o rs 
Husband. John N Forsythe. San 
Antonio; daughter, M r s T.A. Gtr- hard, Austin, Tex ; brother, E L 
Shell, S a n A n to n io ; g r a n d c h il dren, John, K im b e rly and Robert 
Borber, T racy, C a lif . M r s Scott 
Worts, U.S. A rm y, G erm any. M r s 
M ik e M c L a u g h lin . M r s W illiam 
Longenberg, both of San Antonio, 
Sc o tt G ir h a r d . A u s t in , 
T e x , 
D a v id B a rclay , Safford. A r il , J g re a t g ra n d c h ild re n S e rv ic e s I p m T uesd oy F e b ru a ry 22, R o y 
A ke rs Fu n e ral C hapels D r P e rry 
F W ebb Officiating Interm ent Ft 
Sam Houston Notional Cem etery 

(There* 

 b ib No M a in 
226 22o1 

"T he telephone is the shortest dis tance between a 
Classified ad and yo u !" 
225-1666 

G A SS 
M rs. E m m a Steubing G a ss, age 
87, of Rf. 4, Box 136-D, San Anton- lo. died Feb 
16. 1977 in a local hospital She w a s a m e m b e r of 
Zion Lutheran C h u rch in Helotes 
Su rvivo rs: Sons, E rw in ond K art 
G o s s; d a u gh te rs, M r s 
O sw a ld 
(L a u ra ) W eidner. and M r s Artti ur (R u b y ) Benke; brothers, Lu d wig, O s c o r and S y lv e ste r Steub mg, sister. M r s M a rth a Benke, all of So n Antonio. 9 g r a n d e u r d r e n ; 7 g r e a t g r a n d c h il d r e n 
P ra y e r Service F rid a v 7:3o p rn at R ie b e -Sau n d e rs Chapels. Fu n ecol service Satu rd ay I ; OO p.rn of 
Zion Luth eran C h u rch in Helotes w ith the R e v . P a u l P r o b s f o f­ fic ia tin g 
P a llb e a r e r s : J a m e s 
W e id n e r, G e ra ld G a s s , W e sle y 
C a s s . C a r r o ll B e n k e , R o n a ld 
Benke ond Stephen B e n k e Hon o r o r y p a l lb e a r e r s : 
T h o m a s 
Jones, Copt W illiam T urner, Jr., a n d W e sle y C u rl. In te rm e n t in 
Z io n L u t h e r a n C e m e t e r y at 
H e lo te s 
T h o s e d e s ir in g m o y m ake m e m o rial co n trib u tio n s to the A m e r ic a n C a n c e r So c ie ty , 
Diabetic A ssn or to the ch arity of your choice A rra n g e m e n ts with 

K i f h ( 

S A U N D E R S 
Chapati 

11 IV N SI M a r y 1- st fit B rook lyn — 

JOHNSON 
M r 
F lo yd L Joh n son Sr., 61, ot 
4211 H a v e n v ie w , died F e b 
18 
Resident of San Antonio 15 years, m e m b e r of W e ste rn H ills C h r is ­ tia n D is c ip l e s of C h r is t 
S u r viva rs 
Wife, M r s R hea B John son, Son Antonio, daughters, M r s 
Sh a ro n M c D a n ie l. C h ic a g o III.. 
M r s K o rin L M artin. San Anton lo. M is s Jeryl L Jonnson, D allas. 
Tex . son, F . L y n n Joh nson Jr., 
Dallas. Tex., sisters, M rs. D H 
White. B ig Pine K ey, FIO , M r s 
E sth e r Ju n e Mobile, Ala . M r s A 
G M ills, San Antonio. M r s A E 
P o rk s, Gautier. M iss.; brother, A 
D 
J o h n so n , M o b ile . A la ; ll g ra n d c h ild re n 
S e rv ic e s 3 p m 
Saturday. Feb 19. Sunset F u n e ral 
H o m e . R e v 
H a r o ld G u e s s of 
B e la t in g 
In t e r m e n t 
S u n s e t 
M e m o rial P a rk 

R O D R IG U E ? 
Luz Rodriguez, age 75, of 4235 San 
Fern and o St., born M a y 2o, 19o1 in 
San L u is, M e xico , p a sse d aw ay 
F e b 17, 1977. S u r v iv o r s : H u s ­ band , Isa b e l R o d r ig u e z ; so n s, 
P a b lo , A re ste o , Z a r a g o s a a n d 
S a n tia g o R o d rig u e z ; 2o g r a n d ­ c h ild re n , s ix g r e a t g r a n d c h il­ dren; sister. Ju an ita M e d ra n o ; brothers, Vicente, Jo se A re ste o ond L u is M ireles, other relatives. 
R o sa ry will be recited Sunday at 8 p.m. at the Ortiz M o rtu a ry F u n ­ eral service will depart M o n d a y at 11:3o a m for M o s s in St. Jude 
Church of 12 Noon Interm ent in 
Son F e rn a n d o C e m e te ry No. 2. 
A rrangem ents by 

 incraw®? 

R O D R IG U E Z 
O c t a v ia n a R o d r ig u e z p a s s e d aw ay Feb 18, 1977 in a local ho­ spital. A rran g em e n ts ore pending with 

M IS S IO N P XKK 
FU N ER A L C H A P ELS 
17o o S E M ilitary o» 

V E T T E R S 
M rs. E d n a Louise Vetters, 62, o« 
5)o C a ss Ave , died Feb 17 Life resident of San Antonio, m em ber of A la m o R e v iv a l C e n te r. S u r vivors: H usband, H o rve y E Vet te rs ; d a u g h t e r s , M r s . E r n e s t 
S h a ro n D u n n o m , M r s 
B e v e rly 
Lu b ia n ski, M is s P a m e la Jo Vet tors; sons, B e ryl Vetters, R andall 
V e tte rs; g ra n d so n s, Ja so n Du n nom ond Keith Vetters, ail of Son 
A n to n io ; siste rs, M r s A u b re y 
(Lucille) C ream er, Dothan, Ala., 
H e le n S te u b in g , S a n A n to n io ; b ro th e r, C h a r le s A. S te u b in g . 
Houston, Tex ; num erous nieces, nep h e w s a n d a host of frie n d s 
Services 2 p m M onday, Feb. 21, 
R o y A k e r s F u n e r a l C h a p e ls , interm ent M issio n B urio l P o rk 

“ 1^(1here* 
226-72o1 
5 1 5 N o M a in 

W IL L IA M S 
M r s Alice B W illiam s, age 6o, of 
319 R obeson A ve , died W ednes day, Feb 16. 1977 at o local ho sp ita l 
She is s u rv iv e d bv h e r m o th e r. M r s 
R o b y B r ig h a m ; three sisters, M r s Etta M a c Col lins. M r s M a ry K a le R o b e rso n . 
M r s C h a rle s Etta O v e rsh o w n ; three brothers, M i W B B rig h nm, M r C leyreM B r ig h a m , un oles, aunts, nieces, nephew s ond a host of relatives ond friends 

S U N S E T S in e r o l 
I o n i c 
17o1 Austin Hwy 828 2811 

1o4— Funeral Directer* 

ANO t i u s r im * a A l H O M ! 
H fN RT (H it■ ■ A 
* o 2 W . H o u sto n 
3 3 7 - LARI 

N E U M A N 
M r Arthur A gro n N eum on. 74, of 
11711 Caprock, died Feb 18 R e sident of Sa n A n to n io 45 y e a rs 
M e m b e r of C ongregation A go dot 
Ac him , Sa n A n to n io L o d g e No 
1o79 A F A A M a n d B N a i B r it h 
M r N eum an w as the P resident of the N e u m a n D ist r ib u t in g C o m pony Su rv iv o rs: Wife, M rs. le n o re N e u m a n , d a u g h t e r . M r s 
J a c k ( M o r ilv n n ) G e r s o n ; son. 
S te rlin g S N e u m a n , a ll of S o n 
Antonio, grandchildren, Courtney 
G e rso n , C ra ig G e rso n , P a m e la 
N eum an and W endy N eum an, all of S a n A n t o n io , s is t e r , M r s 
E m ilia W e in ste in , C h ic a g o , III 
Se rvice s I JO p m Sunday, Feb 
2o, R o y A k e rs Fu n e ral C hapels. 
Rabbi A m ian t P re ro ond Cantor 
Louis G oldhirsh officiating inter m en! M issio n B u n a ) P a rk P a il b e a re rs. S ta n fo ld W e in e r, A b c 
E f r o n , P o ll S o n c h e r , J a m e s 
Skhlein, G eorge Stam thorpe. A a ­ ro n G lic k m a n H o n o r a r y P a ll b e a re rs. Cot L E 
Storey, Som 
Litshuti, Ju lius Sidem an 

5 1 5 N o M a in 
2 2 6 7 2 o 1 

1o4— E w ral Directors 

Al. £ RODRIGUEZ 
FUNERAL HOME 
Pre-Need Arrangement* 
511 Gwodolupe Si. 
226-6111 

Mrnoktbill 

. / l l S E M U itory 
92F752J 
Wok fill* 

8o56 Fredericksburg 696 /lit 
Brllrrrat 

/POOS W W White 
JJ7-4o82 

 f e i n t 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

&outttfibe 
FUNERAL HOM E 
63o1 S. HORES 
9 2 2 -6 3 3 9 
John M. Grunts, Directs 

Area deaths 

IU (»EL, Mars Nance, 
84, El Paso, formerly of 
San Marcos. Services IO a til. M onday at Pen* tiingtnn Funeral Chapel. 
San Marcos 

W A I,K E R , 
M yrtle 
M arth a, 
7o. < Marco 
G ravesid e s e n ices at 
I SO p ii i 
S a t u r d a y iii 
K lingo < ity ( emetery. 

((H H AT. Eola Relic, 
1 
85. Oakville. Sen ices at 3 

P ii i 
Saturday in Oak- 
\ tile Baptist Church. 
I 
Neuman services 
Sunday mf 

Arthur A. Neuman, 74, a businessman here for 
45 years, died Friday. 

Neuman, of 11711 Cap­ rock Drive, was owner and president of W ho­ lesale Foods Distributing 
Co. 

Services will be at 2:3o 
J) iii 
Sunday ut 
Roy 
A ke rs Fu neral 
Home with burial tit Am ulas 
Achitn M e m o ria l G a r ­ dens. 

Survivors include hts w de. 
Lenora, one daughter, 
M rs 
.lack 
Gerson; a son, Sterling 
Neum an; a sister and tour grandchildren. 

H u n ger sp o tligh ted 

Catholic churches in the Archdiocese of San 
Antonio will give special attention to the prob­ lems of world hunger throughout Lent this year. 
Ender the sponsorship of Archbishop Francis 
-I. Furey, a special collection will be taken Sun­ day in all Catholic churches to support the annual 
Catholic Relief Services appeal 
A supplemental program of Lenten prayer, fasting and alm sgiving, known as “ Operation 
Rice Bow l.” will be conducted throughout the entire Lent season. 

Catholics and ot hers will be asked to eat one frugal meal once a week during Lent and donate the savings from this meal to "Operation Rice 
Bowl.” 
Yet C R S spent less than five cents out of every dollar from the collecion on administrative costs. 

Anyone wishing to support this great humani­ tarian effort should contribute during the Lenten season at the local Catholic church. 

Two die in Friday wrecks 

I Lets, Sunset Memorial toil 
5 U P P * i M c M M M M 1 4 9 4 1 

T h ro * B u ria l P lat*. M o ..lo w * 
M em orial P ark. b *o u M u i MCB 
U M Cart « ♦ 1742 

Two persons have died following separate F r i­ day morning traffic acci­ dents 
Police identified the victims as Dawn Bort ag. 
17, of 554 T im b e rlan e 
Drive, and Carlos Flores. 
27, of UH Mascasa St. 
The teen-ager was killed after an eastbound car in which she was riding on the 11141o ac­ cess road at 
H arry 
Wurzbach Highw ay slid into a guard rail about 3 a.m., police said. 
The victim, who was thrown from the car. was pronounced dead on arri­ val at 3:5o a m. at North­ east Baptist Hospital. 
The driver of the car. 
Jo Ann Cervantes, 18, of 

1188 Gal i tty Road. was undergoing treatment at a local hospital for rela­ tively minor injuries, po­ lice said 
The other accident oc­ 

 curred about two hours e arlie r when 
F lo re s' northbound automobile on 39th Street collided with a westbound car at 
Commerce Street. 

Dangerous chemical spills 

C IN C IN N A T I (A P ) — About 7o tons of the dan­ gerous chemical carbon tetrachloride flowed into the 
Ohio River from West Virginia on Friday, endan­ gering drinking water between Parkersburg, VV.Va. and Louisville, Ky. 
The Environmental Protection Agency said the chemical mass was 75 miles long. Traveling at a rate of 12 miles a day, it was near Portsmouth, Ohio, 
Friday night. At that speed, it would reach Cincin­ nati in five days. 
Joseph Harrison, chief of water supply branch of the E P A ’s regional office in Chicago, said the chemical entered the Ohio River from West Virgin­ ia’s Kanawha River. 

Officers identified the* driver of the other ear as 
Auturo M Moreno. 31. or 
H815 Woodflame St. M or­ eno was treated and re­ leased at Baptist Hospi­ tal. 
Flores was pro­ nounced dead at Green 
H ospital fo llo w in g the accident. 
Steel vote challenged 

PIT T SBU RG H (A P ) - 
United Steelworkers in­ surgent Edw ard Sad- lowski on F rid ay ch al­ lenged the results of the union’s election, which he apparently lost to the administration - backed candidate 
Lloyd 
M c­ 
Bride. 
PAUL S 
NEW s t o r e 
GREEN GRAND OPENING 

T 
H 
U 
N y B 
SALE GOOD FIVE DAYS— FEBRUARY I 8, 19, 2o, 21, 22 
CELEBRATING % SPECIALS 
SALE! 

49* ea. 1o for *4So Buys 
97‘ ea. 1o for *9So Buys 

Shop Our New Store 
At 51o3 BLANCO RD. 
MANAGER ALBERT GRIMM JR. 
SPECIALS ALSO GOOD AT 85 HABY DR. 

Jade Plant 
Schefflera, Neantha bella Palm, Air 
Plant, Chinese Evergreen, Coleus. Impatiens and 
Fantasia (grown in 3 inch pots). 
PLANTING MATERIAL 
$1.39 Ecu 4 for $5.25 Buys 

• Polling 5oil ..... 

• Top Soil ......... 
• Sheep M a nure 

• C ow M a nure 
. 

4o lbs. 
SO lbs. 
4o lbs. 
4o lbs. 

• M a gn o lia tree I gal 
• M im osa 5-6' B R • 

S yca m o re 5 - 6 ’, B R 
• W illo w 4 -5 ' B R. • 

• Pom eyrenate 2-3 B R 
• W axleaf I gal 

* 139 Ea. 3 for *39o Buys 

• Fluffy Ruffle Fern 4 
Pots 
• Begonia in Bloom 
5 ” Pots 
• Air Pion! 5 " Pots 
• Sprenger, Fern 

5 ” Pots 
• Plum osa Fern 5 " Pots 

FICUS BINJAMINA 
*2" 

DEVIL IVY 

Limit-3 
V h " DOT 29* EA. 

DATE PALMS 
(Ornamental) 

3 to 4 Ft $ 2 . 9 9 Fe 

ALOE VERA 
(Savila) 
4" POT 98* EA. 

REDWOOD BARK 
Jumbo— Medium— 
Small 

3-CU. FT. BAG 
$ 4 4 9 
REG. *5.25 
SAU ■* 
JAP LOQUAT 

(Chinese Plum) 
$495 
2 to 3 Ft. 
2 GAL. 

TOMATO 

Spang Giant Real Poti 
IO* to. 6 for SS* 

PETUNIA 

Red Commonche-Peol Boti 
1o* bo. 6 for SS* 

VISIT OUR GREEN HOUSES AT 922 W. HILDEBRAND 
RARE A UNUSUAL PLANTS — String of Beads, String of Hearts, Begonia Foliosa, Iron Cross Begonia, Barros Tail. 
IMPERIAL PECAN TREE 
HYBRIDIZED FOR LOCAL AREA 
' ABOUT" 28 NUTS TO A POUND 

DMF, PEACH A NECTo RINI TREE 

• E M P R E S S 
• N E C T O R IN A 

• SOUTHERN SWEET 
• B O N A N Z A 
$Q9S 
5 Gal 
Aw 
Cont 

[ 

INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PLANTING 

SERVICE AND GUARANTEED WORK 

PLANT THAT GARDEN NOW! 

NEW: 
• RABBITEYE BLUEBERRIES 

• BRAZOS BLACKBERRIES . REC 2 25 

$ < * 5 o 
I G AL 
4 # 

$ f l 9 5 
I-GAL 
I 

PINE BARK MULCH 

3-C.F. B A G ................ 
$ 2 * 8 

. SEED POTATOES 
(Red or White) ..... I -Lb ...2o* 
ARTICHOKES 
I-Colton ......................... 
VEGETABLE PLANTS 

Tray of six 
............................. 
TOMATO STAKES 
. . . 25' E a ............ 

IO lbs 
I 

DRF. AZALEAS e WHITE 
• fink 
OUTDOOR VARIETY b RED 

• S A L M O N 
2-GAL $5 ” 

HANGING BASKETS 
ALREADY PLANTED 
• FERN • BEGONIA 
• SEDUM • LANTANA 
FROM * 5 9 s U P 

ASPARAGUS ROOTS 
8 to Gallon .................................. 
STRAWBERRY PLANTS 
Sequoia ........... ...................... 
CAMELLIAS 
In Bud A Bloom Reg 12 5o 
............. 
FLOWERING TREES 
Peach and Plum -5 to 6 ft............. e GRAPEVINES 

$ 1 8 5 

*11° 

7 9 * 
$2 so 

*2.95 

$ i » « db d e i 

$ o ^ 5 
..Sole T 

’ 9 . 9 5 

Reg. 1.98 ^ 

Doz 

FIG TREIS 

# CELESTIAL 
# BROWN TURKEY 
# BLACK MISSION 
# TEXAS EVERBEARING 

3 TO 
4 FT. 
TAU 
$8M 

Thomson seedless. Fredonia ...... • SAU 1.5o 

• NEVER TOO LATE FOR A GREENHOUSE 
• GRAPEVINES 
Rad Ruby .«. 
*2.5o 

FOLIAGE & TERRARIUM 
Plants for Indoor 
Use or Other .................. 
1o% OFF 

BEDDING PLANTS 
For Spring Flowers 
*8 
6— Plants Per Tray rn rn 
TRAY 

FRUIT TREIS: 

A pple, Peach, Plum , Pear and 
Apricot 
3 to 5 Ft....... 
$ 4 
” 

H ER BS: e Oregano e lemon G rail e Thymei e Lemon Balm 
I 
Pots 
A 
REG I 25 
Y O ut 

ALTHEA 

Single & Double 

3 to 
$ * 9 5 
4 Ft. 
S i 

FIG IVY 
Walt Covering r®9 se sa ira 
Sol, 
I 

PUSSY WILLOW 

4 TO 
5 FT 
$ £ 9 5 
TAU 
? 

RANUNCULUS PLANTS 
ANEMONE PLANTS o c S O S O 
Potted ww «. w Doi 

BOXWOOD & DWY. HOLLY 

I .Gallon 
A O t 
Rag. 1.98 ................... Sole T O 

I l f I M ' g l a d io l u s 
H B I * . BULBS 
* ^ 
ZEBRA 
> ^ stripped 
M a 9 o 
Doz. 

PECAN TREES: 

: 
6 T O 8 -F T .iic u p s 
* 9 9* 

 b WICHITA 
I O T O 12 -F T . 
$ 

15 TO 2o 

V arieties 

MINIATURE ROSES 

$ 
< 
* 2 
5 

W 
EA. 
POTTED 

PAUL S PREMIUM ROSES 

Over 2oo Most Popular Variety-, 
OUTSTANDING ROSES FOR 
PERFORMANCE FRAGRANCE 
AND COLOR 

 t TREE ROSES • TREE PATIO • CLIMBERS 
FROM THE BEST GROWERS 

# California 

 m Jackson 

# A n d Perkins 
FROM * 3 

5 o 
ANO 
UP 

CONCRETE AND CLAY 
PRODUCTS 

S q u o re i, rounds, 

 curbing Grdei Poti, 
1o% 
Soucorv bird battu. 
DISCOUNT 

PLANT BULBS NOW 

FOR SPRING AND 
SUMMER FLOWERS 

NO DELIVERY ON SALE ITEMS 

DURING WEEK LONG SALE 

NURSERY & LANDSCAPING 

85 HABY DR. 
51o3 BLANCO RD. 
NURSERY 
NURSERY 
342-4887 
342-4888 
LANDSCAPE PH. 7344461 

NC«U ST OUK HOURS 
•s3 o Ie 6 P .M . B A B Y 

BUNDAY 
IO A .M . Ie 6 P .M . 
I 

C T 

M A C O N 
SIQ3 Km m ta 

I 

■ 
• I 

WIN et CHIO Aw l 

INSIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• EMPLOYMENT • AN NO UNCEM ENTS 
• BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
• FINANCIAL 
• BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY 
• EDUCATION 
• MERCHANDISE 
• LIVESTOCK 
• PUBLIC & LEGAL NOTICE 
• AUTOMOTIVE 
• RECREATIONAL 

SEE THE “GOLDEN T W IN S” FOR ALL REAL 
ESTATE, RENTAL AN D MOBILE HOME ADS 

EXPRESS MEWS 
Page I -H 
Motoring 
World Cf 

Saturday February 19 I 977 
Charger SE really special 

SP O R T Y L O O K is fe a tu re d b y the sp e cia l ed itio n D o d g e C h a rg e r 
Motorists offered tax help 

Rules governing "h a t motorists may deduct from federal income tov because of car ownership are explained in a new edition of “ Automobile Income Tax De­ ductions.” recently published by the 
American Automobile Association. 
The eight-page pamphlet first discusses the question of whether an automobile is used for business or personal affairs, or a combination of both. 
Although most deductions fall under business use. aud much of tip' pamphlet is devoted to these deductions, there are also ways given to save tax money on an 
^•immobile owned solely for personal use. 

Depreciation 

Two methods for depreciation of motor vehicles used in business are discussed, including the straight line and double declining balance methods. 
Iii addition, there is a section on tax implications of sale or exchange of auto­ mobiles used for either business or per­ sonal affairs 
I he 1977 edition of “ Automobile Income 
Tax Deductions" is available free from m ost local A A A c lu b s or In w ritin g 
\m erican Automobile Association. Public 
R e latio n s Dept.. K ill G atehouse Rd.. 
Falls Church. Va. 22942 

C IA SSW IO DISPLAY 

A U O DEALER H ONORED 

Charles G. Orsinger, center, president of Charles Orsinger Buick Co., receives an award honoring bim as one of only I 2 automobile dealers in the nation selected as a Regional Representative for the Time Magazine Quality Dealer Award (TM Q DA) program for 1977. Making the presentation in New Orleans at the 6oth annual convention of the National Automobile Dealers Assn. (NADA), which cooperates with Time in the awards program, is Michael M. Carey, left, director of the T M Q D A program, assisted by Minda Welch, general manager of San Antonio Automobile 
Dealers Assn. 

ClASyfltB-BfSPlAY 

Bs JIM V K K O IT 
AUTO EDITOR 
The 1977 Dodge Charger SE 
(special edition) has a lot to offer anyone looking for a personal sporty-ear. The ear is more luxur­ ious than sporty — a neat hit of deception on Dodge's part but it still has enough handling to please most drivers 
F o r this road report we picked up a 
Charger from Cliff W hile of North Star 
Dodge. 7242 San Pedro The car was well equipped with the options most people would want. and a few extra goodies too. 
The interior featured a six-way power front seat. upholstered in a beautiful crushed velour, with a pull down center arm rest. B y m an ip u la tin g the power controls, and adjusting the tilt steering wheel, it is possible to find a very com ­ fortable drivm g position 
The tost car was equipped with inside remote controls for both right and left outside rearview m irrors. The right hand m irror control is a real convenience for anyone driving a car for the first time as it allows the driver to gel full benefit from the m irror 
Fuel pacer 

W e have co m m ented before on the 
Dodge fuel-pacer system, hut it is worth another mention. On the top of the left hand fender is a yellow light thai serves a dual purpose ii flashes with the turn sig ­ nal and it also turns on to inform the driver that he is using a large amount of gas. 
The device is vacuum operated so when you push down on the gas pedal it lights up 
N o special effort is required on the part of the drivel — you never have to look down at the dash, tIn* light is out there right where you can sec ii all the time. It s easy to get use to. and if you want to increase your around town m i­ leage. it could add many m iles per gallon. 
Now more and m on' people are order­ ing their new cars with speed control de­ vices The control for the Dodge system is combined with the turn signal stalk and is easy to use. It also allows you to touch the brake to slow down. and if you want lo resum e the sam e speed, inst move the control device and the system will pick 
.jack up to till' pre-set speed 
Digital clock 
There was also a digital electronic clock mounted in th** dash at an angle inst right for the driver to see. I have never been very big on car clocks, hut these new electronic models do provide time with a high degree of accuracy. 
Other extras included a unique power door lock system , A M - F M stereo, air conditioning, automatic transm ission— iii 

THE D O D G E C H A R G E R SE 

 short, just about everything you would want for a loaded' ear. 
From the perform ance standpoint the m ost im p ortan t option w as the 
MO cubic-inch V K engine. The :tlK is the standard engine for Charger and would provide better gas mileage, but the larger 
V K is mote in keeping with the type of ear 
( barger is. One could go one step beyond arid order the 4oo-eiibie-iiich ‘lean burn’ 
\ K which should prov ide even mort1 ex­ citement. 

Handling case 

Although we were plagued bv rain dur­ ing most ol the time we were driving the 
( barger, we found it easy to handle on the wet pavements, hut because things were wet we had to leave out the cornering and braking sections. 
We surm ise the Charger would provide good braking, it certainly did well ii i the ruin, aud we believe you would find the ear u n d e rste e rin g to a c o n sid e ra b le degree. 
The suspension, using torsion bars lip front and unsym m etrical leaf springs in the rear, with anti-sway bars both front and rear gives tin* type of ride most peo­ ple like best. ll is very smooth on the freeways, takes 
San Antonio streets very nicely, and han­ dled a couple of nasty chuck-ho les i i i stride 

Q u ie tn e s s 

The interior is reasonably well insulat­ ed from outside noises. There is some radial tire thump on railroad tracks and tar seams, but the general im pression is 

 llodgo 4 harder 
SH fads and figures 

Suggested price................$5,o98.oo 
Price as tested.................$7,749.85 
Engine................................ V-8 
Displacement.................... 
36o ci 
Horsepower......... 155 at 36oorpm 
Torque............... 275 at 2ooorpm 
Overall length...................... 215.3 
Overall height........................52.6 
Wheelbase............................ H S 
Fuel tank capdcity................ 25.5 
EPA highway......................... 2o 
EPA city............................... H 
EPA combined....................... I & 

 one of nudeness. 
Dodge has been hitting the trail with an a d ve rtisin g cam paign that c la im s Hic night belongs to Charger, it starts to conic on when the sun goes down and it m akes some of Us hest moves after dark 
■You eau get whatever you want to from those claim s we found the ear equally satisfying both day and night' but tf you are a night person there is a new Charger coming your way 
The M idnight C harger will be a very limited edition, specially trim m ed vein cie. that should create new interest i i i an already interesting ear. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

NEW 1 9 7 7 ^ 
BUICK SKYLARK 

STK #9886 
V*4 

 atFiMiilliBlfiBlliBiliiiaiiilliiltiSlliilliglBlilliBlliaiilliglKlligllM lliliillilliS lliiiP B lM E M ilM g t 
NORTH PARK LINCOLN-MERCURY 
NEW 1977 MERCURY m o n a r c h . . 

M O N A R C H FEATURES INCLU DE: 

 the precision size luxury car with a touch of clasj 

★ 25o 6 cylinder 

★ Tinted glass 

★ Whitewall radial tires it Power steering 

★ Landau vinyl roof ★ AM-FM radio it Power brakes it Air conditioned 

★ # 8 9 1 2 
List Price $ 5 4 6 3 
$489o 

NEW 1977 COUGAR 4-DOOR 

★ A utom atic ★ P o w e r ste e rin g ★ 
P o w e r b ra k e s dr A ir co n d ition e d 
★ V in yl roo# ★ V in y l bench se a t 
★ W h ite w a ll ra d ia l tiro s ★ Style steel w h e e ls ★ R o d y sld e m o ld ­ in gs * Tinted g la s s * B u m p o r- g u a rd * Left h an d re m o te m irro r 
★ Protective m o ld in gs. # 7 4 4 4 . 
‘555o 
EW 1977 MERCURY COMET 

Aik ttmtm 

2 DOO R * 25o 6 cylinder 
★ 
W hitew all tires 
★ 
3 speed m anual transmission 
★ 
Tinted g la ss 
★ 
Deluxe w heel covers 

NEW 1977 MERCURY MONARCH • • • 

2 DOOR 

MONARCH FEATURES INCLUDE: 

 the precision size luxury car with a touch of class 

♦ 4 Spttd 
* Over Driv#, 
A Whit# Sid# Wall 
Radial Tires 
A Manual Transmission A Tintad Glass 
* front Disc Brokes a 2So Cylinder, ar (alar Keyed 
Carpeting 
*435o 
ANORTH P A R K 
LI NCOLN ' M E R C U R Y 

Jim XvRGVTMID 

92o7 SAN PEDRO 
341-8841 

YOU CAN AFFORD A 
BUICK ... AT 5o1 BROADW AY 

NetMnf N m I* pay except 
Tm, IItta, U M M * an4 Denier 
Np 

M 
K I 

Buick’s famous V-6 engine, t glass, door guards, factory air, remote control mirror, power 
.steering, power brakes, automatic 
'transmission, deluxe wheel covers, whitewall tires, High energy ignition, cut pile carpeting (Chrome Wheels 
Additional) r.$4777 

NEW 1977 
BUICK CENTURY special 
STK. # A6671 

•nicks famous V-6 engine, tinted gloss, a <>or guards, factory air, power steering, power brakes, automatic transmission, deluxe wheel covert, radial whitewalls,' 
(landau tap 8 sport wheels optional at extra cost) 
C A SM A 
___ ___________ 
Nothing th# to pay 
•*rep* lei, I Itta. Im tnt* 
•(ta Dealer fret 

— — — ai ex fro cod 
*4877 

NEW 1977 
BUICK REGAL 

I*.rn tee iWRIW t a . 
WO TTH ft {J BfWf 18 wmf 

Of* lei, rule. I K M M 
C A S H 
N U C ! 

STK. #A7981 
Tinted gloss, door guards, automatic transmission, power steering, power brokes, factory air, radial whitewall* 
AM radio, eastern wheel covert, bumper^ strips, laid down arm rest. 
$ 

NEW 1977 
ELECTRA 225 
BUICK S FINEST LUXURY CAR' 
STK. #C2646 

*7474 

W E SELL B U IC K S E V E R Y D A Y , TO PEO PLE THAT TH O U G H T THEY 
C O U LD O N L Y B U Y A FO R D O R C H EV RO LET.’1 

5o1 B R O A D W A Y . . . ^ 
^ 
BIGHT D O W N T O W N 
M A J I O U ! 
SPIRES DOBLAS BUICK 

* San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS- 

AUTOMOTIVE 

S atu rd ay February 19 1 9 7 7 

~ 7o2 726 FOREICW SPORTSCABS 7o2 726 FoRE1SW SPo8TSCARS 

73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 • AUTOlBiftES 
73o-743 > MTDMOBltFS 
73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

726 fORElGW-SPOmSCARS 
FOREIGN SPORTSCABS 
7o2 726 FOREIGN SPoRTSCARS 

SAVE! N ew ’7 7 TOYOTA’S SAVE! 

BIGGEST 
DISCOUNTS 
O N 
1 977 MODELS 

DISCOUNTS 
LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

N obo dy con e q u a l sm all to w n prices! 

Factory In stalle d 
O ption s: 

A M R ad io , $ 5 o . 
A M -F M Rodio, $ 7 7 . 
A ir C o ndition er, 

$ 3 6 5 . 
Pin Striping, $ 3 8 . 

 y d 
/ / ' I rn 
- j . — 

U M 

U N L I M I T E D 

S E L E C T IO N 

A ll M o d tls and Colors 

H IG H E S T T R A D E 

A L L O W A N C E 
— 2 4 h o u r d e liv e ry 

TOYOTA OF SEGUIN 

MSTIBUESCHLltETDBS 

 m s CHEVROLET M aster Coupe, restored to show-room condition 
$65oo S e rio u s in q u irie s o n ly. 
361 to34, otter 6 p m ____________ 
SS Chevrolet, St,SOO or w ill con- sider trode, 674-716? before SPM. sr CHEVY Belair, original, best otter 533-3o78 
_________ 
66 C H E V Y C A P R IC E , J d r,, hardtop, auto , air, power excel- lent condition 373o 675 1739. 
•5S Chevy, 383 CU ", block buck­ ets, chrom e reverse all around. 
3-spd fully synchronized, 6/4-636o or 6/3 37o1 ofter 6 ______________ 
6/ Dodoe Pickup Canary yellow, o rig in a l m o to r, tra n s m is s io n , chrome reverse wheels, running cond 58oo 936-3994 
_________ 
1964 4 door Lincoln Continental, all power, show room condition, very low m ileage Only serious inquires ore invited 343-5385 
FOR COLLECTORS! 
67 ELDORADO White, red inter ipr. good condition 53995 4>4 3698 
1959 MCA Excellent Condition IOO in tact pod w orking 656-3883 
193o M OD EL A Coupe 
E ngine restored, extra coupe body wth 
Rumble Seat Driven daily Many extra parts. 
S35oo 
Del 
Rio 
I 398 318/ 
_ 
•31 M O D E L A 
5 w indow coupe, ru m b le seat, perfect condition 9o points + car 
878 1349 - 
194/ 
4 door, 
PLYMOUTH excellent 
Condition. 61,ooo mi 333-43/6 
57 P lym outh, good Iro n s 57oo 
623-5115 eves, weekends________ 
57 T H U N D E R B IR D a ir, auto immaculate 5895o 734 6485 

7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCABS 

LEASE YOURS AT 
PARK TEN VOLVO-IH SCOUT 
133 BALCONES NO 732 3143 
1959 MOA E x c e lle n t C o n d itio n 
Ioo°c in tact and w orking 656-2883 
ROO EAST VW 
14o2 N E LOOP 41o 
828 12o1 

7o4 AUDI 

73 A u d i Fox 
L o a d e d , new radia ls, brakes, m oto r tuneup 
5295o 834 8567; I 468 3534_______ 
74 Audi Fox 61oo m iles. 4 dr , auto , air AM FM radio, extras 
S49oo 492-2551_________________ 
73 AUDI FOX 4 SPEED 52o95 
7-dooi air. radio Excellent Iron sporlotion Call: Louis G arcia 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUDI 
1336 NE L oop 41o 
_________ 834 3214____________ 
74 Audi Fully loaned 5295o firm 
Coil 876 81o9__________________ 
/ I AUOI IOO LS, autom atic, a ir. 

Why drive an economy car that looks like a closed little box? 
Drive the wide-open 

MG Midget Special 

HUIT IfeM 

With these extras FREE. 
FREE: AM/FM radio. FREE: Wheel trim rims. 
FREE: Luggage rack. FREE: Special striping. 

Now, for a limited time only, the MG Midget 
Special comes with these free ex­ tras Plus all the fun of driving a lean, I responsive wide-open sports car. J 
MG Midget. The lowest-priced true sports car is even a better value now. 

* 4 
2 
8 
2 

L IV I AfSrftJ 

‘ Exclude* Tom, Title & license 

I M P R I N T S 
TM I H UB OF SP O R T S C A R A C T IV IT Y ” 
I 82o BROADWAY 
222-91 21 

NEW CAR SHOWROOM 

O 
P 
E 
N 
9 
A 
. M 
. - 
9 
P 
. M 
. 
SEE THE ALL 
NEW ’77 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Y e a r/5 o,ooo Mile 
W arranty Available 
USED VOLKSWAGENS 

7 6 VW BUS automatic, air, radio, an. ownor 
'5895 

75 VW SUPER ah, AM/FM, 14,ooo milas 
'2995 

74 VW DASHER Automatic, air, 15,ooo milos *2995 

74 VW BUS 
7-potlinger, standard, radio.... *3895 

7 3 VW Standard, extra (loan, low mileage 
*1975 

72 VW BUG 
Standard, (loan.................... *1 595 

71 VW CAMPER Air conditioning. . . .......... 
‘2395 

7 1 VW SUPER £ & 
™ /m: M 695 

66 BEETLE 71,ooo original m ib s................... * 995 
O v e r IOO new A used car* In stock 

SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 

Lone Star v o l k s w a g e n 

33o3 Broadway - 8 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 

 r® 

 low m ilage.. 828 273o 
72 Audi IOO LS I d., auto . a ir, 
AM FM 526oo 494 7158 att 5___ 
77 AUDI 1ooLS. Factory air, auto, 
New tires. Fm rodio, E xce lle nt 
Cond 874 34oo or 824 o853______ 
74 AUDI IOO LS. stereo sunroof, outo. air 5365o 653 7179 eve 

7o6 AUSTIN 

7o AUSTIN Am erica, auto, good work cor, o75-o76o eves 

7o6 BMR 

BMW B a v a ria , a u to m a tic , a ir, p p w e r, 4o.ooo m i. e x c e lle n t condition, must sell 
824-7781, 
878 3173_______________________ 
73 BMW. 2oo2 In Super co n d , 
34 2 32o3, o95-9 324_______________ 
BMW 2oo2 1971, 73.ooo m ile s . 
I-owner 51975 o56 2o98_________ 
73 BMW, 3 OS. Deluxe, fully toad ed excellent condition, 44.ooo im 
494 7S47. 

* USED CARS 
* 
* 
© 
$ 5 1 8 8 
SPECIAL 
'76 CHEVY Pickup, loaded . 
’ 7 5 L A G R A N D f Bug, Met. B lu e ....................................... $ 2 9 9 5 
’ 7 4 K A M M A N Ohio (p . , auto. A a ir.............................. $ 3 4 9 5 
'T S V W C o m g i r Pop Top 
............................................ $ 5 3 9 5 
’ T S D A M IC K Ste Wagon, aula, a i r ................................ $ 4 1 9 5 
’ 7 6 V W Convertible, like n e w ................................................. $ 4 1 9 5 
* 7 3 K A M M A N GM# A sgd., radio A a ir .......................... $ 2 2 9 5 
* 7 4 C H E V R O LE T Pickup, power 
’7 5 V W R a b b it, ah, AM/FM, 25 OOO m ib s .. . . 
’ 7 $ H A M I T , 19,ooo miles, air, radia................... 
'7 3 V W Van, radia, ah, extra ebon....................... 
’ 7 3 S U H A R !!, rb a n ................................................ 
’ 7 3 V W Sapor, Mu#, 3o,ooo m ib s .......................... 
’ 7 o A U O I, 4 -6oar..................................................... 
'A H V W Bug, autom atic............................................ 
'A H V W Pap Top Compar.......................................... 

 lf yow d o n 't m o us b a t o r . you b u y ... 
You Could P a y Too Much 

NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
SUBARU — BMW 
4 4 2 3 Fredericksburg R o o d • 7 3 2 - 7 1 2 1 
A c ro ss Prom W o n d e rla n d a t F re d e ric k sb u r g Rd. 

$ 5 3 9 5 
$ 3 1 8 8 
$ 2 9 9 5 
$ 3 2 8 8 
$ 1 7 8 8 
$ 2 1 9 5 
$ 1 6 7 o 
$ 8 9 5 
$ 1 5 9 5o 

7 A H I L U X P tc fc u p , radio, air conditioned. 4 - 
5 4 JQ C 
•seed transmission, only B.OOO m ila s .....................» 9 T 3 
7 A C O R O N A Mark ll, 4 -door Sadan, automatic transmission, sir conditioned, staraa radio, 
£owef steering, power brakes, 
»-cyllndor, 

'7 4 D A T S U N 
2 A O * ai,, radio. 
4 -.p..d, sa J Q C 
2 4 ,9 o o m ite * ....................................................................... H O T J 
*2895 

 automatic transmission, 
$ 1495 

*1495 
*1795 
*1395 
’ 7 4 M U S T A N G ll automatic tram mission, $1 C A C rod*©, 4 $p«ad....................................................... 
A A C A M A R O t n o t radio, air conditioned............................................... 
V T J 
7 3 C H IV Y Von, 6 -cyilndar, standard, radio, 
$ 1995 

A S D O D O S , special................................................................ 
’A 3 F O R D spacial 
* . ................. * .............. 
'A A V O L K S W A G E N 

 s 4o Others Sa Pish tra in • 

’ 7 3 T O Y O T A Land Cruiser Station Wagon, air conditioned, radio, 3-tpeod, 4 9 ,o o o milos . . . . 
* 7 3 C O R O L L A wogmv radio, 49,9oo m ilo s .................................. 
’ 7 3 C O R O N A Mark ll Wagon, automatic trans­ mission, oir conditioned, radio, rool nko . . . . . 
* 7 3 M A R K l l 4-door Sedan, automatic transmis­ sion, radio, oir conditionod, 41,ooo milos . . . . 
• 7 1 C O R O N A 3-door hardtop, radio, 4-spood, 
56,847 milos 

726 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

 i i m m i x 
1 1 m r i m i Y i K 

T i m m x x i i i i x i 
3834 Fredericksburg Rd. 
736-4471 

COME SEE ONE OF 

THE FASTEST SELLING IMPORTS!! 
1 9 7 7 SUBARU 
STANDARD MODEL STILL AT ECONOMY PRICES 
* 3 , 1 6 4 . 9 5 * 

GREATER SAVINGS O N ALL N E W 
1 9 7 6 SUBARUS & D EM O S IN STOCK. 

* 2 M ONTH UNLIMITED MILEAGE W AR R AN TY 

PLUS TAX, TITLE ANO LICENSE 

NORTH LOOP V W — SUBARU 

4 6 2 3 Frederick (b u rg Road • 7 3 2 -7 1 23 
Across From W o n d e rla n d M a ll 

7o7 CAPRI 
71o FIAT 
718 PORSCHE 

76 Capri otr, AM FM cassette, 3 mo old, m ust sell. M ake o tte r ] 
695 9173, 826 5631 ______________ | 
77 CAPH I 6 cyl 399o N*w quint, ; ra d ia ls 14123o6__________________ I 
'73 CAPRI 2 dr 
Take over paym ents, no va u lty,! 
COH John >lim p 149 6968________ 
76 CAPR I ll. V6. 4 speed, a ir. power steering, am tm vinyl roof 
11 OOO mi 
Excellent condition 
723 2326_______________________ 
74 C A P R I, lik e new. m ust soil today 
W ill help fin a n c e . C a ll 
Woody 433 1444_________________ 
74 CAPRI loaded 12.293 828 273o__________ 
74 CAPRI, low m r slightly avor w h o le sa le 49o 1 191; 144 364o, 
. ret weekends 
71 C apri. 4 speed, a ir 
1 od e goad condition. 
'& » ♦ ♦ 

AM FM 
5173o Call 

/« CAPRI V4. 24.ooo m i 4 speed fa c to ry o ir.a m tm ra d io , tape dock, Deluxe interior option 52177. 

S L m m m m m m m m m m m I 

ROBINSON’S 
SPORTS CARS 
7 5 BAT 124, pit Stereo 
74 IM W 2oo2 TU 
74 M fRCtMS 21o 
Crmamr foal 
74 ViM M -G I uh stereo 
74 f HUMPH TIO 
74 BAT SPTDfW (2) 
73 DATSUN 24o2 
74 RAT 124 
Sp aril (Dupo, eh. 

Many arba, makes and 
Medals ta cheese tram 
'U U MAIMTtNANCI AND 
MR VICI D4P1 
8343 BROADWAY 
828-1384 

NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUDI 
1214 N E LOOP 41o 
o24 3714 

• USED CARS SPECIALS • 

7 5 RX -4 4 doc 
4 speed, rodio, on ... ‘2695 

7 3 COMET 4 doc, 
_____ 
?2495 

7 4 IU IC K lulus, 

43 Porsche 3S4 B Good condition ! 
514oo o24-1o15_________________ I 
43 Porsche 334 C Good condition, i air. 828 8484. ext 
381 
Atter «: I 
347 71 to 
76 PORSCHE 912 I a ir cond. I honed. 5-spved, cassette, caribe j b lu e m e ta llic , one o w n e r. I im m a c u la te tit,8 4 o 7)2-214) 
Evenings 824 61)1_______________ 
1974 PORSCHE 914 
2 o engine, 3-speed , stereo 7 OOO miles Call Hon W alker 
374oo 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUOI 
1326 NE Loop 41o 
__________824 3214 
19/4 PORSCHE 914 
I I l i t , * 
- - - 
T D ||lun u 
AM EM stereo. Bahia red, I t , OOO 
I I i ■ IK iU M rtl m i E kce lle n t con d itio n 
5445o 
K e rrville 737 72o1 

•2 9 9 5 

7 3 FORD VS Ton kickup, 
4 cylinder, radio .... *2 1 9 5 

7 3 OPEL GT 4 speed. radio 
. . . . ‘ 2 6 9 5 

7 4 RX -4 Station Wagon. 
4 speed, rodio, m i . . . *2 6 9 5 

7 3 FORD V t ton Pickup, 
98, rodio 
‘ 2 2 9 5 
•71 BUICK Sport Station 
Wagon, loaded 
.*1495 

6 9 FIREBIRD 6 cyt indet, loaded 
*1795 

7 2 TOYOTA Mark u 
Station Wagon, outs moth, air, radio . . . . ‘2 1 9 5 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
9 3 o o S a n M r o 
3 4 1 -1 3 5 6 

ST CHAE 
Full Size 1976 
DHT A KOY ALES • MONTE 
CARLO'S 
CUTLASS SUPREME'* - NOVA S 
PINTO'S, Many others. 
Chan Can—low Priest 
1 1 o 6 HALM 
A t A irp o rt Blvd. 
3 4 2 - 9 5 6 6 

ECONOMY BARGAINS 
'74 MCB Convertible . . ‘3495 
'73 TOYOTA Celito... ‘2195 
'73 PINTO Wagon.... *1695 
'71 MAVERICK, 2 dr... ‘ 1o95 
'7o VW Squareback ... ‘895 
'69 VW 2-door 
‘895 
'68 TORINO Coupe.... *795 
'68 LE MANS Coupe ... *495 
CALL: M R. SUTTON 
DEAN & CO. 
SOO BROADWAY 
2JS-2774 

BANK REPO’S 
•73 CHEVY Malibu, 4-dr 
.51795. 
74 G R EM LIN ................. 
52793 
74 PINTO WAGON 
51795 
CALL BEN MACIAS, 923-7371 
HARLANDALE BANK 
111 RAYBURN 

• BANK REPO’S* 
Several too choose from 
ASSUME PAYM ENTS 
SMALL DOWN PAYM ENTS 
CA LL: B IL L GRAY 
PADGETT’S 
USED 
CARS 
39o2 S FLORES 
332 5421 

'49 DODGE Super Bee, 4 speed, posi-traction. 5475. 484-7474 atter 5 weekdays 

‘ JO FORD Wagon, loaded 
51o95 
•69 G ALAX IE 4oo,4 d r 
59oo 
69 IM P ALA 4 dr 
................. 5895 
•7o AMBASSADOR, 6 std . 
5493 
•68 CHRYSLER 4 dr loaded 5695 
•45 C H EV ELLE , standard . 5325 
65 FORD WAGON ............. 5295 
S M IT H S U se d C a r t 
7oS S ALAMO___________ 226-9144 
We w ill sell your cor tor you for a profit. Stephens A utom otive Ga­ rage A Auto Sale. SOI West Ave 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

F or your tra n s p o rta tio n needs, new or used call Herschel Flagg 
222 8411 

731 MKC 
67 Ambassador 4 dr. air. radio, good cond 533o 494-2443________ 
•69 A m b a s s a d o r SST 4 b a rre l carburetor, auto 111 ongine. air. 
AM FM power. 2 door, 512oo 17o7 
Chortwell, 694 1o87_____________ 
72 AMO, 4 cyl Arr. rodio. heater 
Very good condition. 271 l i l t . By owner 
AMO 74 2 dr., 11,ooo m i Codtltac 
66. 4 dr , 57oo 651-1596 

T M * TOYOTA 

1971 TOYOTA WAGON Auto. oir. 
*4.ooo m i , now valve lob. good tires 511oo 878-2171 

724 VOLKSWAGfM 

 tm conin! 
3 

 pg-ftr 

C o rvette 
A ir, 35o le a th e r, 
I new paint 673 o339_______ t i COR v t TTF Convertible auto. air, power windows 

 r n * _____________ 
7* C O R V E T T E . L I I engine, 4 speed taw miles, excellent conal- tiqfl Loaded with extra * 633 7o34 
Corvette Loaded 594oo Call: 
*34.o3o2 

75 FIAT XI? 
Take over paym ents, no oauitv, coll John Shmo, 149-694o________ 
S3 Ford *i ton V I pickup Very good cond P a rtia lly re sta re d . 
STSI 3)7 4)49 otter 4 p m _______ 
1971 Renault Ie. 4 door aute, rear window d e fro ste r, 2 lm o a Best 
Otter 433-o94/ Otter 3___________ 

72 Porsche 914, mags. m ichelin tires. A M T M , 334oo 633 3232 
75 PORSCHE 2 o. o,ooo M ILES 
MUST SELL 
_______ 222 1142 
1976 PORSCHE 911 S 

711 HONDA 

ALAMO SPORTS CARS 
Authorued Sales and Service 
Trium ph Alta Romeo 
I t l l BROADWAY o28 3511 
71 S pitfire Low m ileage 51475. 
Coft 126-7oo7__________________ c o o t-ta i r m r i n u aa* m u I 
TR IU M PH S p itfire convert!- a r e L iA L t D I T IO N GIT* A M D M mi.* 
CTftAA I Vt ti I $ > stereo I frock, CB. new M ithelm I - - - Lip—J 
! 
! ' ?.» / f i l l ----------- 
RWX fires, sunroof. Call 
Ron 
72 T riu m p h Slag A ir, pow er, 
Walker 
■ removable hard top Low m ilos. 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUO! 
I Trade possible 51ooo o24 1914 
1124 NE Loop 41o 
, 
75 TRIUMPH TR* 
>2* )7 |* 
I Rodio, overdrive, M ichelm RWX 
197* PORSCHE 911 
S Torso 
I h rf * Co" 1 ot” * Gore to 
55o95 
12.ooo m ilos C om pletely loaded j NORTHWOOD PORSCHB AUOI including cruise control AM-FM 

VW ENGINES $179.5o 
RE BU ILT A G UAR AN TEED 
INSTALLE D 
4 MONTHS or o,ooo M ILKS 
LARGE STOCK USEO PARTS 
AM ERICAN BUG CENTER 
M l l I III I I 

 iPCorvefte L i t IVO cu 
T-Tap 5*ooo 633 22o4 
C o r v e t t e . mag 714 o313 new top. e x tra : 

’76 CORVETTE gaeiaus inquiries only 6o1 o913 
7» C o rve tte 
T -Tog. E x c e lle n t 
-end runs on re g u la r! A tk in a 
VOBOO M I 4773 
7# C a rv o n e T top o v t t o ir, loather interior, 56193 o21 o211 
• ft CORVET I E. T Tap. 434, auto , uow rf a ir. Am Fm 2o.ooo m ilos 

74 H O N D A C iv ic , m o to r and 
Irons good 54oo 822 17o9 offer 4 pm. ask for Jerry i 7$ HONOA CIVIC f xcetlentTon 
17o hp, dlhon 
Air. new tires 
524oo 
I 45o oo74________________________ 

712 J K H 

74 JAGUAR XJ IIL . 4 dr sedan, ti,IOU m i 3895o 714-6483 

714 MAZDA 

 cheiin tire* 34*oo 494 5o24 

7M DATSUN 

 n Ma I do OX I Good condition 
5115o 675 o147 674 oo4o 
71 M A ID A i x I rota ry. 4 speed oir. low m i Extras, 51o3o 141 6o26 . 
74 M urdo 
R X I station wagon, 722 TOYOTA 
S a c rific e ! ii/8 8 fu ll p ric e C oll 
Ron woods m o n * 

 stereo I tra c k . CB and m o rt! 
Coll Louis G arcia 
NORTHWOOD PORSCHE AUDI 
1124 Ne LOOP 41o 
424 111# 
7 2 P o rs c h e O il Tar aa. e s c , 
824 21 IS leave nome, number 
72 Porsche OUT Target Alloys, 
5 speed. AM FM stereo tape Low mtivoae 
Im m aculate 
5o15o 
494 379o 

72o SAAB_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

75 SAAB 2 dr Wagon Back Ex collen! cond. Dork aroon. 13.ooo actual m ilos. A M -FM radio . Mi- 

1124 NE Loop 41o 
174-111o 
74 IR 4, S hore, 
F irm 922 oo71 
21.ooo 34193, 

74 TvR 
15.ooo m i, am fm sun- roof. Uke now 54o3o 714 64o3 
74 24o2. 4 spood, air, tiko now 
699-o294 

•4o VW Excellent Running Condi hon, Rebuilt Engine,7)6 o73o 
VW Fastback so excellent cond 
57oo Coll *51 3316______________ 
47 VW 325o 
Needs minor repair 611 1216 
42 VW. needs work 
Ask tor Dovid 671-4311 411 1196 
VW. new clutch, b ra k ts . paint, upholstery, radio, battery Good transportation s/oo hem <11o116 
75 VW RABBIT Custom 
Air, low mi 31193 131 o132 
VW RABBIT 76, 7 door, like new. 
4 speed, air, stereo casette, lu g­ gage rock. im m aculate 
5149o 
o146o1/ 

75 AM C S p o rtA b o u l W ogon. 
Power, oir, outo Wood grain yin yl sides, lug rack Low mileage 
33175 
347 o144 after J. anytim e weekends 
71 AMC Wogon. fu lly equipped extra clean, 517oo 5347165 
72 G R EM LIN , 4 auto real nice, 
31o95. 144-1719 
_____ 
_____ 
75 G R E M LIN Econom ical, air. s td ., I o w n e r, im m a c u la te . 
Sacrifice! 51995 H I o124 
74 G R E M L IN X, 4-speed, a ir con­ d itio n e d . p o w e r s te e r in g , o ne ow ner, sh ow roo m co nd itio n. 
714-o313__________________________ 
7 5 M A T A D O R 
A M -F M s tc ro o , 
C ru is e C o n tro l, t ilt w h o o l. f u ll p o w e r O leo C a s s in i p k g 27,ooo 
M i. ENOS. 411-5o43._______________ 
64 R a m b le r A m e r ic a n m o c u lo te ! 3173 H i ISO/ se R A M B L E R 
A u to m a tic, a ir. 4 c y t , 563o 69o-ooo1 
■ SS R A M B L E R , 31oo 
Good co n d itio n 436 7oo7 
43 R A M B L E R S ta tio n W a g o n . 
Looks ru n s fo o d SISO 634 9668 

75 VW R a b b it lik e n e w 1 
SH-IO U g oys 684 14o3 eve 
3115o 

724 VOLKSWAGEN 

B 11o H a tc h b a c k a ir, F M . m o n 
*JJs tow m ilea g e 711o133 
_____ 
, 
D A TS U N 
B r y s o n a u t o c e n t e r 
HIO PAT B O O K E R 
U n i v e r s a l c i t y o s o s i/ i 
/{D A T S U N b i i i . tra n s p o rta tio n t ar. 7 36 SOOS 
________________ 
W 
D a ts u n 
14oo. t r e n t a n d d a m a g e d E n g in e , tra n s m is s io n in e xcellen t new h a rd to p 575o ar 
UM I O tter 641 IH S 
_____________ 
•sO m t s u n 
G sod b s d v . g oo d m a ter, 4 speed. 
S a c rific e 345o 
I M p M i 
____________________ 
I m p * TE u n P ic k u p w ith co m p a r 
S ljlH 111 H S I or 124-6111 
___ l l riJkTSUN P icku p. 4 speed, a ir cobdM iened. c a m p e r, e x tra n ice, 
SURE l l * UHS 
•76 D A T S U N Ste sedan. 4-SPeed m r, s a c rific e 31795 H 9 ISSI 
• I t ’P te iy P SIO W agon E x c e lle n t 
, awd a m on e r, 433 1/27 
D a tsu n 24o I . Ii 
A u . A M F M . cond. 3193o 494-47o1 Of e a n tie n t 
S 35-1847 

' iH brmw 
J D atsun H O I 2 9 2 end s ta n d a rd ir * b s a ir, a m -tm ra d io . o -tre c k other e xtra s. 24,ooo m iles, cond 3649o O il'oo76 

I 74 M A Z D A R X 4 w agon 4 speed ta k e a v e r p a y m e n ts , no e q u ity . t r n * o 841 )471___________________ 
74 R X I WAGON N e a rly p e rte c lt 
323oo XIX *o H gy>%. 
............. 

 r n . m a m m a 
7 ^ rrS T T 5»% T T ri!i^ iT io o 
SEL M e rce de s B e n i, sh ea r, alae le o th o r 
S u n ro o t 
45o e n g m o 
391oo 114-1o11___________________ 

M E R C E D E S 23o SF 
E X C E L L E N T 
C O N D IT IO N 
441-4444_____________ 
72 M ercedes 2oo S I , 4.*, SI OOO nu E x c e p tio n a l 5o,73o l l s J/QS 

41 M E R c lo S S 22o5 
R estorable 
C la s s ic ! 
51ooo 
349 2S74 

M IS SIO N C IT Y IM P O R T S 
M E R C E D E S B E N Z Sates S ervice 
3o1o SAN P E D R O 
71S-224J 

J I, 2ooSE. 4 5, 34.ooo m i . w h ite , lo a d e d , t x c e l le n l c o n d it io n , 
37.SOO 34 2 g e n a tte r 3 wk a a . -. 

7 o HOS, g re y 
W h ite v in y l too 

716 WG 
3ATSUN 24o2 A u to m a tic , a ir, I m oo w h o o ls. lo v e rs , c le a n t a r . 
3 J VOO H as 77 ke en s* 111 1o98 lf Ii, 2 SOI. E x c e lle n t c o n d .lio n 

711 BIT 

 i t / s f , o i“ r T r m r u m ile * !1 a 
MRO. Boot O ft*' 433 7243 
_____ 
‘ JO F IA T 124. s p e c ia l 
4 d o o r, l l . OOO mr 81845 111 H S I________ 
■Ii F IA T l l s S p e c ia l 
4 d o g r, 
2 UUU nu 3 1 393 111 >132 

1974 EMT 124 SPORT CPE 
5 Speed tra n s m is s io n A ir Condi 
Radii 1o.ooo miles 
32993 iOEH9 * f r t Y 1". IU 13V. 
Y I F IA T W A G O N 1795 
M 
M P G 
C lean 
R uns appd 
U M b t 

75 M O B C o n v e rtib le B e m o v a b lv cu sto m h a rd top lu g g a g e ra c k 
W hite b lack ra c in g s trip e s . *4)44 firm SIJ 194o 
1 98/ M G B G T , A M F M . W ir t wheels 31 SOO 89o 2o88 _________ 
89 M O B G T 4 Cyt., a u to 
P rie s i educed! t i * 2/3o 
___ 
73 M O B She a w ner 18,ooo m ite s 
81o-8155. PWP! 7 
89o-o1o1 
78 MG M ID G E T S p g H V 
^ E * t r ^ £ r | ^ M f 5 M i M I 9 7 

717 J H I 

* T T ^ ' ^ p e ^ p # r r 7 8 u p ^ f O l o m ilo s 
A u to m a tic , e x tr a c le a n ! 
C* 11 
L P o n g id B on nott, 111 o984 
7 5 O P E L t*oo S port w a go n , a ir 
51993 111 1131 
J I O PEL W agon good tra n s o m lo tio n 4 speed ro o t g d s s a v o r 
|8 f5 MV 921) 

A L A M O TO Y O TA 
A cross F ro m A irp o rt 12o-o711 
314 N E I O PP 41o 
75 CEL ICA G T. in b e a u tifu l con dihen. w ith o nly 11, SBO UM. A ir, I 
*pd iro n s , a in tm ra d io , m e ta llic blue w ith v in y l le e 25 M P G R uns 
G re a t! N A D A re ta il. 54123, w ill sell 
339oo 
O avs 822-9219, nites 
824 7)17 

71 Cetic a. ST, « spend, a ir, c la re t. loaded. 2.4oo 833 s323____________ 
IF YOU CAN B U Y A B IT T E R 
B U ILT S M A LL CAR TH A N A1 
D R E Y E R TO Y O TA 
B U Y IT 
IO M A R K ll S tation W agon 4 dr , a ir, goo d tire s . 814oo 
C o ll 9am 
I 3o p m . 3 IO p m 9pm 714 4971 

74 Sut>oru~O L, a ir, A M F M 
27 m ap c ity 
E x c e lle n t c o nd itio n a f f t s i t 
71 TO Y O TA 51o93 
__________C A L L H I W 
I ______ 
7 2 T o y o ta C o n n a c y l 4 sp ee d econom ic pl 214-8958 

1974 T o yota C a lic o ST, A M -F M a ir, peed tiro s , new c a rp e t, e xcel tent ru n n in g c o n d itio n , e x c e lle n t in te rio r and e x te rio r, 8283o C a ll 
Denise 89o-7581 898-1139_________ 
I 78 Toyota C alico L ittb a c k 3 sad ■ I 
A M E M stereo m a g s. 23.ooo m i 
E xceltent 838 I t l l ___________ j 
72 T O Y O T A C E L IC A GT L IF T 
B A C K 
A ir , s le rs o . lo w m ite s 
R e g u la r g a s 
In w a r r a n t y 
34773 413 8893 O fter 4 IO 
J I T O Y O T A C o ro n a S ta tio n wagon, std new tiro s M u s t sen j 52195 
735 o118 s r best e ft# ! 
! J13-QI is 
: 
I 71 Toyota C o ra lla 4 door. 4 speed j clean I ow ner 494 a it s _________ itll T o y o ta C o ro M o - 4~sa 1 4 d radio, h ea ter arr l l M P G Tate! 
I ly ever hauled 81193 #37 o419 
J I T O Y O T A 2 d r c o u p e , m a g whews, law m ileage, e x tra clean i H l- f i l > 
I t i Toyota 8o.ooo m i G oad c o n d . ! 
M H U *.. _ 
I 
72 Toyota M X w agon low m ilos. , r n m u g 
___ 
TO YO TA OF IA N A N T O N IO 
U U SS M ILITA R Y ORIVE 
_ 
* H Y o » 
7 4 TOYOTA SRS 
MUST S E L L 
122 

BUGS! 
1984 th ru 1977 M odels 
C A LL 
EHI 124 442o 
7 1 C a lico A ir. A M F M ca ssette stereo, m ags, e x c e lle n t 5-1op rn .; 
471-1111 

74 Dasher, axe cond, C sp. m u s t I soil. 8143o 134 )318_________________ I 
O U N E B U G G Y m a g s , c a n o p y root s tr a ti le ga l 114 8o54 
D U N E B U G G Y . 44 VW , F ib s rg lass. body Bloc ig n itio n ch ro m e e x tra c to r 
R oll p ar. a lu m m ags 
H D C lu tc h tao 45o 2442. f i t c hqpai r al O rtyg, lo q u a t 

I SELL VWS BMWS SUBARUS 
C A L L PAT 
________ 7117111 
N O R TH LOOP V O L K S W A G E N 
711-7121 
4421 F ra d a r lek (b u r a Rd j Ii R a b b it C u sto m D e lu x e 
A u , stand 
A M F M 89H 647 

71 SUPER B E E T L E 
R e b u ilt tn - 
’ fin e sigroa MOO 731 4113________ 
J I SUPER B E E T L E A M F M . m r. auto stick sh ift. $143o se t l i t s 

J I Super B eetle E x c e lle n t condt lion CB SUSQ OJI 2911 o tte r 4 
85 V o tksw o p o n b u s RbBWIII en ii! * ! . 
___ 
VOLKSWAGEN 
P o rts S ervice C ars 
I 
S IF I t l l 

JI VW 5 E D A N , y e llo w a m tm s te r e o 
C a r p e t, v e r y c to o n 
HQ-51o4 111 991Q gyps. 
7 2 VW S q u a re P a c k 
4o,ooo m i 
7 1 9 SUICX 
Need to soh 6o4 1SH o ft 4 

’76 SPORTABOUT 
D o c to r s P e rs o n a l W agon C a d il­ lac equipped w ith e v e ry a v a ila b le option 
V a ry low m ile a g e 
34295. p i s t o l ._____________ 

J I VW S q u a re b a c k 
E x c e lle n t 
: c o n d . o n , now tiro s 
Eng u nder 
1 w a rra n ty . N e w Iro n s ., s ta r te r , b a tte ry 
514oo 
D a y s : 221-4444; o tte r 8 123 1781 
72 VW S qu o rob a ck. SIMO or bos! o fte r CRM 111-o231______________ 

84 B uick Att pow e r, clean, e xcel tent c o nd itio n 839 1491 
7 1 B uick C e ntu ry 
V in y l top. att p o w e r, lo a d e d s i IOO M u s t soh this WOOS! C la rk Lone, 718 3446 
72 B uick C e n tu rio n L im ite d Edi- tipn 32. QUO m r 631 2412_______ __ 

44 VW S a u a re b a c k 
R a d ia l* . ra d io goo d c o n d 
56oo o r b * s t 
Ofter. 714 4471, H I-1334 
*4 VW s iu ib ack Good C ondition 
R ecently o v e ih a u le d 37oo o r bast a fte r. P l u m . 
71 VW S ta tio n W agon N ow m e to r 12 MOS w a rra n ty *»6 38*9 
7 o VW S ta tie nw ag on . new tiro s . n o w o u to t r a n s m is s io n , n e w b ra k e s , ra d io , a ir c o n d 
SHOO 
SOA IM * a fte r 6pm _______________ 

7 1 VW Supt*' Beetle 
Radio, a ir, 
51473 1 463 4314_________________ 
84 VW V A N Good co n d itio n 34oo s i VW VAN . good co nd itio n 54oo 
117 1441 

725 VOLVO 

74 VOLVO 142 
11293, 491-17o3 

’ J I V o lk s w a g e n R a b b it, c ru is e c o n tro l, a ir , c a s s e tte 
A M P M , 
52,9oo I U -QI 14 

7 1 V olksw agen je e p , 'T h o T h in g ', 
CtoRR, t i n s Ili-tH i 
41 VW BUG Looks and ru n s goad. 
34UU *36 988o 
SS VW BUG. ru n s r eal good" 3595. 
♦♦IU!? 
_______ ________ 
71 VW BUS, new m o la r 
*#♦•5189 
_________ 
74 VW BUS Sun rap?, ra c k .'ra d io , n o w t ir o s , lo w m 11 e a a a, im - m ocu'Q te 117 o919 

7 4 VW D A S H E R a ir, a u to Ilk * now S D M 111 i t t i _______________ 
75 VW D a s h e r W a g o n 
4 d r , tH jd fh j i m m ilo s t tit rn* 

IAN Engine Overhaul VW 
M E TR ft M A S I SR 824 lit! 

VW Engines $4oo SHOO l l M e o r 12.ooo im W a rra n ty 

74 V O L V O !4 f. a u to m a tic , a ir c o n d itio n e d , to p e . 21.o74 m ilo s , tug a d o * ro c k 721-2141. 
V O L V O 7 3 . 244 O L C re e n io u H i 
Lew m ilos, fu lly e quipped W hite. 
4 d r., re d in te n p r 
B e lo w B oo k. 
33ooo firm I j t l e B rd w o y ________ 
44 VO LVO , good co n d itio n $43o 
CPR a fte r 3, S M 18o9 

• J I V s tv o ic e s 
S ta n d . f u lly e q u ip p e d V e ry p oo d c o n d itio n . 
I I ' 
I 

71 B uick C entury 2 door. loaded w ith a ir o nd p o w e r, a u to m a tic , e x fre ctoon C oll 
P us 221-o9o8 
1 
71 B U IC K E L E C T R A L T D o il ] pow er, e x tra ctoon 3293o 911 7174 ] 
7 ] B U IC K E le c tr o L T D c d r loaded S M I) 7M o4Q3___________ j l l B U IC K E state w agon. S-eotet. m r tU baaiH ra c k , 5443o H I H O ! 
75 B U IC K O F F IC IA L P AC E 
CAR T TOP 
111 I M I t i l l B U IC K r e g a l , I d o o r . 
L A N D A U , a ir , p o w e r, c r u is e , 
A M F M stereo tape, tilt, c h ro m e wheats, etc 342 4sec 

76 Buick Regal Landau 
V t, o u to m p tic, pow er, a ir, c h ro m e wheels. A M F M S tereo lope, eO 4o seat, u nder 
4.ooo m i. 
34993. 
344-SCH 
74 B U IC K R E G A L 
Tok# o ve r paym en ts. 914 5424 
72 B uick R iv ie ra G u n m e ta l p ra y m e ta llic F u lly loaded N ew ra d ia l sleet b o lte d ! 911 S H I 

L O A D E D 
14 VOLVO station Wogon 
H I- 1 M I 

.m u m 
•OO f< 
I fe s t s t Sui IS et ACI ro u e w a n ! ap 
IN IM t lin d ie s NI WX 
CACI *1 * 1o88 

84 VOLVO HOO I 
Body excot- tent! As is 
31893 411 2)94 
T I VOLVO Wagon 4 sexed, air, sto rpo 31893 e ll 71/4 tees 
___ 
Od VOLVO Wagon. Sid., om 'lm , air, rebuilt engine. cM c h SI 144 mm—mm in MisauMMiR Mims 

BAO CflEDIT? 
I GUAR AN T B I T H E N ! IS A 
W AV—I Can soh you g C arf 
CA LL: F B ANH mm Used Cars i m 
I F l o r e s s i t M i l 

71 Buick Riviere fully equipped 
32348 full price Win trade IM ** financing available 
Call 
G ut m -B W i 
_________________ 
72 BUICK S kyio •» 
2 doer, a ir, pm tm tlg rg o ra d io , v in y l tap. 
Goad condition *3113*8________ 
'* BUICK SKYLARK LANDAUS 
SMH 
M M M ! 
*9 Buick S k y la rk , n t td * body work SAM 89* 3438_____________ 
LOW M ILE A G E , I OWNER 
Lodi#* JI Buick Lesabr* 4 door oil power and air 111*/ m i 31995 
I pm I pm . M on th ru F n 444 1422 
T I RIV IE R A Grgn sp o il loaded loke over paym ents, no equity, t im e e ll 3471 
*4 Riviera SHM 48 W ildcat S ill, both loaded, low m ileage excel lent, private owner, sell one 

| 7 f iBVterk GS Louxs some wars SIH 111 i good. 
M IL 

 n o t ic e 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

IF YOU SHOP FOR YOUR CAR ON SATURDAY “ DON’T BUY’ 
WILL BE OPEN SUNDAY WITH THE BEST SAVINGS FOR YOU 

1977 GRANADA 2-DOOR SEDAN 

#613o 

WE 

4 Sp»«d, Tinted Glass, Whit* 
Side Wall Tiros, AM-Radio. 
’ 3 
6 
7 
3 

1977 PINTO 2 DOOR SEDAN 

#6885 

* 2 
9 
2 
o 
4 Speed, Rack and Pinion 
Steering, Front Disc Brakes. 

Plus Tax, TItIg, and License, and Dealer Prep. 

^ 
. 
K X T R A S P E C I A L 
^5 GRAN TORINO WAGON loaded, 19,oo o actual miles, air, pow er 
S O TFQ 
Q 
! steering, pow er brakes, tinted glass, w heel covers, W hiteside w all t i r o s ............. v 
/ 
O 
O 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
98oo SAN PEDRO 
341-5571 

1o-DAY SALE 

SOFT RA Y GLASS 
EXPIRES 
3o1 VS ENGINE 
FEB. 28 

AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
FACTORY AIR CONDITIONING 
RAU YE ll WHEELS 
_Jg£=» 

S 

# 

• 

• AM/FM STEREO 
• BODY SIDE MOLDINGS 
• SPORT MIRRORS-REMOTE CONTROL 
• POWER STEERING AND BRAKES 
• WHITEWAU STEEL BELTED TIRES 
• ACOUSTICAL INSULA TION 
• CUSTOM BELTS 

 plus Ut, title I license 
* SUPERIOR* PONTIAC* 
■ 711 BROADWAY 
227-5o41 

SALESMEN’S 
DISCOUNT 

S 
A 
L 
E 
A U PRICES REDUCED 

7 4 GOLD DUSTER S T J ? 
NOW 
• i A g r D C I LAZ EJ k p w V C ‘4 -io o f'' pa*#/, i i . 
O O v ls U V Y N vinyl real. original and chun 
Non ................................................. i i a e r r s A Af OeViKe, pasrti. air, oil extras, 
O O i t U A N vinyl loaf (loan 

‘299o 

* 99o 
‘115o 
*7o FURY I 
I 
I 
‘ 
« w l 
■ BIV Wfljfl TOOT, VRhVMR). RlCt 
*, *. 

7 1 MAVERICK 
JST, xrhitoeaBs. Nasi 
............................. 
’ 7 9 D C I A ID 4'4mt. outomgtK. pea*' trio ' 
/ J B C L A IK mg, radio hooter, vhittwaUt. loducodto ...................................................... l e i r n n h Gdbxe SOO 4 doge. po**'. •»’», uh 
J I r U K D extras Sharp 

125o 

129o 

*159o 

‘ 165o 

‘ 165o 

*175o 

‘225o 

‘225o 

‘245o 

‘245o 

‘285o 

‘265o 

7 4 BUICK 
Po*,, 
*355o 
• T C t\ X A D / * CD ^®*tr, on, AM id iterxo, 3 a a r n 
/ J L H A K U t K vmyl roof, anginal ond iloon 
4 4 5 o 

7 5 buick r T / s r * * ’’ t : *435o 

7 4 DODGE ok. automahc, 
*43oo 

'75 DART S 
U 
S 
S 
" 
" 
" 
’299o 

7 4 NEWPORT S ? ^ , ‘a t f ' ‘325o 

7 6 El CAMINO SS r i t S 
S i ‘53oo 

 i g n n / s n r r 
♦ door. oh titres, pa«tr. 
72 DODGE DK ghifovatls (loon 
’ 7 9 M A U C D I f l f 2 tear, power, ow, radio. 
J a I r l A V I n l v R haator, small TI, sharp, now .................................................................... 

• 7 9 U A L ! A r n Har4*M W e 
P M ', 
/ 4 m U N A v U aw, vinyl rggf, original and 
(loan 
................................................... 
• 7 9 C l I D V I I I 4 * m *. extras, pewee, aw. 
/ J H I K I I I I whiiowgth Itducod la 
'73 DART 2 ,7 " ' " 
• s i AA D M AZ* CY 4 tear. cruise ronfrol, vinyl 
/ ^ m U f l A v U roof, paw«r, air Solo p it* 
I # * r r \ l i n c OaTiR* lull power, air. all titres l l L U U r t Ongmal ond titan aa a D D I IIC 4'4*w, eh power, ok, oN ox- 
/ J r n A K U U I j bos, vinyl roof Bos S339S oil t i 

TRUCKS 
GALORE 

F O R D P I C K U P 
PRICES 
‘3295 
GILLESPIE 
TRUCK CENTER 
2411 B R O A D W A Y 
227-1419 

O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
113o BROADWAY ivWl'kui 
227-2283 

YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! 

'77 GRAN FURY 

£ 
2-DOOR 

HARDTOP 

A full Mis cor with power steering and brakes, automatic 

 ond ow, # 7 1 o 2 
. . . rs, - ■ - 
‘ 5 1 4 3 
Tho Hev**_ 
JSLKti, 
JACK RIEGER 
C H K V S H B P I T M O U T H 
$1oo SAN PEDRO 
732-1211 

733 CADILLAC 
733 CADILLAC 
733 CADILLAC 
733 CADILLAC 

74 CADILLAC BRGHM SED 
I LOW m ills WPI runty lie m e t I 
I 75 C A D IL L A C C O U R * D a v illa I it,U t Miles, brand new Munoiin 

 n*«d* 

 s p v ito i ib is w eekend only 11448 
J! C apri 4 dear. bla ck, a ir, 
TAir-yidH _____________ 
7 4 TR# * UU# m i p a r te d cand lo c la c y m atching h a rd to p o ver d r tv t. u rn im s ta re d F re d ric k s b u rg ( D W / I I H 
#4 W ILD C A T , d e a n io n * fe e d 
8*») 349 9113 
_ ..... 

73 C A D IL L A C C O U P * D E V IL L E -I 
'J * - im « "b c u lp l* c a n d tlik n 1 IWtpe 
C ruise c a n ira i. am fm steres, tape ( I f f . " 
I *, 
’ ! • " deck. WI wheel SU 44 pow er seals. | 
* #M l U i d fte r " * v in y l law, 5 new ra d ia l*, e ft L ik e ne w ’ M o 3U l l * DUS 
Laadadi Com 
IJH. 
I i Cadillac Caupo de v.iie m.444 , acfubi mhos. Imhi blue white »m -J# CADILLAC Coupe U aVHIi, vt lap, tee la apprecate A m m i loaded Had white leather must 
54546 111 /674 
_____ 
‘sell let 54 444 *25 *144 

84 CADILLAC 879) 
CruiAf, lilt, ane awner t i l l 
Broadway 
" i i lo d ilp c oak Hid. M a d s waTtT 
HUI running. Al) S ilt. 

44 C ADILLAC 4 deer laadad 
5)44 need* id m e wark, w tak days W H i t i T f A f c . l L k f 

IMI MUM k l 8 IO CASS is 225- la k e 
1188133 ANO Mf W I 
74 CADILLAC CPE OKUN 
14.464 mi w ait anfy i l l i i i J 

 a ir. M H P if, runs took* goad SJW h i iso* i f tiS & W t/tii' EiJttctJi lr a i urn Im si* i v * tao* duck M f w bg«l, v m y i lop. veteui m fa n p r, 

EFM * •M d 4 T im * * 

74 C a d iitp c k id o l a d e C a n v g ri 
D a rk brawn anc tan. ten n u n . luny leaded Law mi. 453-2124 Ex! i l l Can be seen a t H a w a rd Jahn 
I ebb aa W ill 
_____________ i? )T £ o 4 * lia i EIDerado a ll lu x u ry oahdns A geed ile a n t a r t 8)893 iqM p ric e 144% Anam m g a v g itg bl* Coli Bon Meads It) 4*48 i r a n r n a r i .c M U n i 
In a . b id e and in fa n te , haw 
Ii ansmiAnen, bland new IM t i I 
, engine 5344 Ald JI I) rn rn m r f illa c 
1 'T T 'ie T w g g d bi augh am D Sieganc* t«HM lux ary 84544 8/4 33)4 

A l in e s $ 
IC I days 
2 
2 
5 
* i 
QUICK RESULTS! 

NOW COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 

W 
I T H 
O 
U 
T 

R A 
T E C 
H 
A 
N 
G 
E 

EXPRESS-N EW S 

NEW 1977 ASPEN 
2-DOOR SPORT COUPE 
Air <ondit»ofc«d ] + ' Automatic tran*mi»*ion A Powat disc brab** Ar Power ttoering * 525 6 cylinder 5 bbl 
Sopor 6 ★ AM radio ★ loft band remote mirror ★ 
Tinted glow Ar Delwko v^hoof covert Ar Whitewall fires. 
Stock # 4 o 8 . 
** 
?: j 

7 2 4 2 SAN PEDRO 

73o- 

San Antonio 

-AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
735-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743-AUTOMOBILES 
739-743 AUTOMOBILES 

THREE SPECTACULAR WAYS TO SAVE 

* * £ * 
* 
* 
* I * * 
A T H 
E 
M 
P 
H 
I L 
L 
- M c 
C 
O 
M 
B 
S 
^ l - 

★ I . $ 5 ,o o o 
GIVCAWAY * 
* 2. USED CARS 

9 
# 
I Y f \ 
4 Dr- Sedan, vinyl roof. AT, PS, PB, J £» m A 
P 
/ O L I 1 / 
Air, Only I 2 ,o o o miles..................................... J 
I * 9 
Register For The 
Hem phill McCombs ’76 MALIBU CLASSIC 
Ford 
OOO 
^'r ^arp rec^car’..................... 
■ ® * & 
Savings Plan 
G iv e a w a y * a t any of the 5 H em phill- 
McCombs 
Locations. 

★ 3 . NEW CARS 

FI ITF 2 Dr- stereo' Fuh Power- An ex’>^ OQC 
# ^ CLI I C cellent car with luxury interior.................................. O r 

J*W jP 
| X f t 9-Passenger Station W agon. Dual fac- 
/ J 
L I l r ing rear seats. Stereo and power. A 
A 
JE! real family c a r .................................................................... at rn ar to 

* 7 ti 
T l l I D I t A white car with full power i mr I " " D I Im I # assists including Sun Roof. Low 5 d L 
4P 
CB m ileage..................................................................................... O 
T 
O 
O 

• 1o25 SAN PEDRO 
222-8611 

 e 19o1 S.W. MILITARY 
DR. 9 2 2 -6 3 1 7 

 e 5831 N.W . LOOP 41o 
681-1431 

 e 4721 W . COMMERCE 
4 3 3 -1 4 6 4 

• 73oo SAN PEDRO 
349-6591 

 no purchase necessary 

I m m 
Y 
D 
I D 
It Silver-Biue G lo w . Fully equipped. 5 J I 4% ^% JC 
/ H I "D m U O n ly 3 1 ,o o o m ile s ........................... H T T J 
’74 MUSTANG MACH I 

4 spd., power steer, p-brakes, rallye wheels, air 
^ tk conditioning...............................................................................Jm a r Oar 
’75 PONTIAC GRAN PRIX “J” 

Full power equipm ent plus tilt wheel, cruise control, 
A M -FM stereo tape player 
*7A FftDft G R A N 
T O R ,N O 
B R O U G H A M . 
2 a H r I L r Im L r 
Dr. Has power, air, fender skirts, 
JC 

 luxury interior............................................................................I 
W Dm 
’73 CADILLAC EL DORADO 
Full power assists with leather interior. Lots of 
$ ^ 1 
ST luxury fo r........................................................................................^ F M a a r m a 
’73 NOVA CUSTOM Hatchback. 
A . ( 2 
K I 
Automatic, Power, Low m ile s .................................... 
M M U 
M m m 
I I CONTINENTAL m a rk iii 

Full power, very clean and low m iles................. 

9 7 7 

AS LOW AS 
$413o 

*3 3 9 5 
'Th is is not a stripped car. It includes air conditioner. 
Arn Fm stereo, Lr w heel co vers 

I i c i n g » fli a l l - M c 
C o m l > s F « m d 

1o25 San Pedro • 19o1 S.W. Military Dr • 5831 N.W. Loop 41o • 4721 W. Commerce • 73oo San Pedro 

C A V E N D E R ^ 
“ SPECIALS” 

'75 MERCURY S S S S S S g O S ‘4795 
76 fORD 2 £ x 2 r '* : . * r r . m‘ >5295 
’76 PLYMOUTH 
‘3795 i i i r u n r v Monte Carl* b tp t, tot lory oil, oil 
. . . . . 
/o CHIVY powoi and extras, only 1o,ooo Milo* . 54V5 
’75 TORONAOO S U S a i . - T ” .’5995 
• T A I t n n r r Crestwood! 3 ton! wagon, tottery nil, . . . . . 
/O DUDUfc id peon on! extras 12 ooo milos . 4895 

’75 BUICK S n .irw ^ S a .ti.T " ' ‘4295 
I J , A . 
Curios* So promo coppa, lotlory air, oil f r a n c 
/ o U L I/ ) power ana extros, ttoroo, crutso, mags 
3 4 7 J 

75 PONTIAC S £ ‘i S p i S r r . * - .‘399S i i i A. (ic Vtarths Congo, tor tory air, alt powor . . . . . 

7 o U 
L U 
) a n i extras, s p a i t wheals. Spa o a t 
J V 
V 
) 
76 CHRYSLER 
‘5795 
*2295 

*2195 

 i o n rune t e g r o m o , f o c t o i y a k , 
IL U L U J we* extras, vinyl top. (Won................. 
’71 OLDS *“*" C™^K' - **"* 
U‘,orY a*r 
I extras 
’75 FORD 
‘“ ”’ '4295 
■76 olds SZX? r r 
:T'*■*rr. ‘4995 
12,ooo MIU OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY Of OUR 
74 OR NEWER MODELS 
"CONFIDENCE IS CA VENDER " 
Lavender Oldsmobile Co. 
IOO! Broadway a 226-7357 o 226-B772 

RODEO REDUCTION ROUND-UP AT TOM BENSON 
USED CAR AND TRUCK DEPT. 
W E’VE CORRALLED LO W PRICES 

Description 
Year M ake 
De scrip tio n 
Stock A 
» l i i i A t | r r r i s i A landau btork with whit! trim, 
76 MONTE CARLO loaded. AM IM nock At IMO iw p Mmsoa m A sp w Vt ton,Nee,shortwhoa)Nose,6 tyfcnd 
75 CHEVROLET or, rad*. 3 i H . ox 
“ wk Ao742 
• v a i r r n Pxkup, hr too, 4 wheel drive 4 tpeed md leaded, 
/ 4 J e e r red, white, end blue tteck A U M 

/ - u n / D A l C T 
1/7'N*, branle, leaded, Cheyenne 
74 CHEVROLET super dock a m is 
• a j rn rtrv kb ten, blue, 6 cylinder. 3 speed, AM radio. extra 
66 FORD dean 
»tack«l9o7 i i , et a r m e t Pickup, bown, 4 speed, fddto, on conditioned, 
74 DATSUN tamper shed 
Heck #1355 
’72 FORD Vt-ten, green, theft wheel bete, 3 speed. V I, stack A1733 

• J C { n o n ‘'•ten. green, 4 speed with Granny gem. V I, oui 
/ J PUK U diary gas tank, pawer sleeting.. stack A1243 i — m re s in s * r W ton, brown, 6 cylinder, automatic, pewet 
J 5 D U D G fc steering, rodte stack A1771 i n r u r u i i A t r e ii-ten 
Creel 
Cob, white, tootled, 
/ 4 C H L V K U lt! Cheyenne kgtt, new engine slack AI749 
'73 El CAMINO 
T 
A 
*”"”* 8 T V .un-ms 
■ i r r s A A A r ‘4-ten, green, 4 wheel Area, Alb (ak, pawer 
75 DODO! wagon, loaded stack A1747 

 trine 
‘5595. 
*3695 
‘3495 
‘2995 
‘1o95 
‘2995 
‘1o95 
‘4195 
‘3695 
‘4795 
‘2995 
‘5195 

 rn [MULAC 
733 CADILLAC 

Pl K L O O R ADO, loaded T e m 
•72 
C A D I L L A C 
Fleetwood | ever eaymentc, no equity, coll 
•roueAom. leaded 
Like new tim e , 441 MJI 
M g s j. ., ., . , pi— TTi t 'fiwrAM,tooded t a r s 
Ti CABIL LAC, Immocukite! s payments. no vaulty toll A rate 
Lew miles M I W ell CUI 
SII 5171 
Al t r a i t U r "some redo lr needed A sue 9-4 P M 117 OIA 

FOR THE GOOD TIMES 

• i i m o n treed time Yen automatic with air I power 
/ u r U K U steeling, AM HI Cl Comko stack A1397 
COLLECTOR’S ITEM i i i r u n / D A I CT ken ” 4 duet, ane owner, 44 Mb uoginel 
o 4 L rltV K U ltl miles, extra sharp, eutemahc, VS ax, power steering, AM radio 
.. stack A I <96 
MECHANIC SPECIALS 
THESE UNITS SOLD AS IS AT THESE SUPER LOW PRICES 
BAO I 
AS A SIC * tow *»vtf, 3 spttd, 6-(flinder., tvttfcted 
Ow U lrlA rl) t«in( imp 

'74 VEGA Matchlock, ltd, automa!*, MI hA i ................ 

’71 FIREBIRD green, eutemahc. I leaded ................. 

• c a / - m i t r e Arette blue teoded, pewet windows, shoo 
69 GRAND PRIX eegme 
72 DODGE Peidio Loupe, kiue, leaded, wed cered tar 

 stack A1171 

 stack A IM ) 

 slack AUK 

 stack A11/JA 

Mack A U H 

‘6995 

1295 

* 795 
‘1395 
‘1595 
* 395 
‘1495 

BUY OR LEASE 

BEST DEAL IN TOW N 

76 CHEVROLET _ 

’76 o1o5 

75 CHEVROLET SIS 

 a t e a l a k e 

 v a r y le w m ile s a a d 

1 9 ,6 4 $ rn t e a l m ile s only 

*3895 

‘4895 

‘2895 

75 CHEVROLET 
- 
Al liras — | 

Grand fury loden — vary law mdoogo — I A stack. 
’75 PIYMOUTH 

'77 CHEVROLET S 'S wT mT 

•Pl COUPE DA VILLE •/**> l oaded, hr mtleaae, hut nice cor 
4ft 4 lf* 
TTT 
Toes 
Howe,- alt-> irm iw rs w s arf-v 
»f«st et hest aker m e 44J 

7 5 ELDORADO with a e d d t e i 
L e a d e d with goodies 
S74S» ref Offs tn r e a u n w r iiia i"jn"'|||inif-!||j ijn"ijxyiy iw.y;«iygii \ ttf'AS* iihfluit SVStAPR *77 t8 |. 
Durn CHV is# 4MSo mi. i WI n m 4114124 l n i * ed i r i r o S T T B T r m z 

'2995 

‘56951 

’ T A r u C V D H I CT O w Cob I ■ I, 4-whee» 
I D V n L V K U L II g f n oN extras, ex tx g o t I e Rent 
............................................ 
O '* 7 3 

’75 FORD Leone* Pickup, extra aka-... ...... ‘2495 

EVERY UNIT GUARANTIED IO BE READY IO GO AND] 
WORTH MORE THAN THIS CLEARANCE PRICE. 

TOWNE AND COUNTRY 

LEASING 

4o1 Isom Rood 
349-39111 

YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! 
FURY f A IO N 
4-DOOR 

Vinyl 6 o 4o soot, p o w * * stooling cmd brakes, automat* and aw, A 7152 

O o T m i leT stseo Lee ct te n Jackson 
K otter *44 Mr I i r r r w i w t i feuaerbeViii« 4l dbl m' W l M„t »»,* m *s *e* H ’4 rake Trad** l l f / i S ilt «rd kawk el* led# 
LOOP 41o A SAN PEDRO 

"A conduit AU!QMo1! Vt A OKU) 

341-3314 vrrMMgrmiirTadad'r rr 
( ell n it Hew twas MF >• LM >4** ii >7’f8UVr W 7iTTf lair •aurpued Like new Hi I4]i 
— =W w B T w m n feed mr mm ell l f ti 
- 
, ^ B4w s m r 
(m u J4 t It*) 
IT M Rl B Wl l W r V s selTeeT: tw e m f 
U t M il arter 
*9 A 

 m 
6 r n i ^ .i» a u !t, ■ t i 
L i-u.Hoc keddd I*. Ville O w e 
P M Or trode SM-IIM 
T n iB A H s w i l l f L ie new 
M e o f ism 
O w n e r r e m s e v e r s e a s 
Aus> elf Hi /fed atter s ta em 
■ ^ n r n r m F w r r ifm — 
Cieae i «>, m e • seats 
I aaa, c r a r s e 
M a n * a k r e t e x t r a s a r a c e 
*i»»fs* 
-m n MO BUT MUM Ti CIT r Cad Lier'ire new raise excel 
Sind, did Mid 

 l e n a 
I 
•J -A Cl I 

Stoa IAN PEDRO 
713-8311 

73* amu! 
734 CNtVPOlil ju a w m 

C A M A R O I roe Ll, eft d/us 

 sk tnt vet It W eaan exrelten' tfaasaur'airan slantiard iran 
«>«we > aptae >1») let ie>4 t frTfr>* » i ale• Tablas " V ^ C ”aa" 
TBBT 'ama*1' MM WI •» <• 
_____ 
. 'T Ch IV R 6< ( T p is s ird'Ntstur 

IM I Chdeseret Multanwaaan 6 eel seen ss* sr IJ 172 tai« i m S d f 'i 1 mlsImoac isle et leeds mini*, wark Itll 4» W M 
I S J'fW i ‘9 V " f apr Tee Bs ta i* 

Is 

 a u rite uuun, f eessenaa t. uewet m a hr ne es aula arr. 11 foe ii. U* IS/ 1 ti f m w a f f m w " " data - terr" CJS i*si rn annul motmui________ r M t H M U I 
« fAUlB& t 
Lrum'a. ” eau 
Assume patrmenta, »e M O n rt 
La w miieda# lid s ti«»«ciap ?**♦’ f*sw*»aa A,ldi mdas 
CARSO, tis sale a. antral, 
Can 
Rah 
Writer 
*«"“ ,Mhf wkrle vinyl radt 
T f n m 
^ n T in n rr-i 
___ _.. 
■ 
1,4 Aka vt 
M carfsart IT haaodhdicla#* leat, erack Ida 
•***" ' • “ daaik. eedMem cand m l h**M awner CM-UM 494 Mfd 

 ee K rn Ulm rn It <.ew«erisai* A c e t r e d e r , d d f e m d t r c e r a t t p e 
M C A M i k o , w hite aeed r end tree c e lt avera##, f i r est I tee arui » M ara 
Ll/ M tt 
U> 'Ii 

 m.iie nae 

 end trie aa canoe V e rsawd*, nu tar 
IM. Anat 4 «'•*«»* • sr eetiuiru' 
Md Anat a | | m ^ f 
£ 
Sfi 

IM* Me*e Rreawasr li^hery^daiM ♦ Classic I J oui 
Has alt uawet includrna itll e n m en ae ie if a* Tan* -heel crane sen ii el tit v • 
V * pawer lac tar v ai taw e»e*»e Lew miles Itfi* tell iran# d e a n 
*>» ■« « Ida ** h a a a c M M a > a m s h i « kmMsatd Menitak- tit dada mpaia new a•*«»"* 1 7 /* »»i #Vi<r«i con3T s/#n ace uete ••»« now ares seau Mi reel 

 rf t he.»IU sle w ill tesssqtsc rear Ste aw MMI 
TTT"h. reimTJ— sTSIioTT BTt^ivnTTI rTififdia Mi TnKTTTVt *•< 
Mtiwrit meter k*e««it eu-ni i n n oaxnt-tsses 1 9 h»»| - - 
-ly w H w n t r r xr— t— - ' '"'AL' "■ '">* will tai aa Mr' sa/ > WI IMI, I# U ntevreteTHgRta C u u JT im u 
U C M ! V V I Or , T awwee Cktdit am la m sppriu'mn scud cir i/u t i n i t 

 je 4-H + 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 19 1977 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
173o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 “ AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 -1 

^ 
< 
5 

 p p 

* * 

 v a 

MONTE CARLO ROUND-UP! 
77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
2-door, tinted glass, air conditioning, 3o5 V-8, J JP* f f l turbo hydramatic, white stripe tires, windshield antenna ... #77o751 .......................................... 
M 
W 
77 AAONTE CARLO COUPE 
2-door, tinted glass, deluxe body side moldings, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 35o V-8, turbo hydramatic, radial white stripe tires, windshield 
.antenna, rally wheels ... #77o754.................. $ 
5 
4 
6 
1 
77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
2-door tinted glass, body side moldings, air conditioned, sport mirrors, 3o5 V-8, Turbo Hydramatic, radial white stripe tires, windshield antenna, rally wheels. 
#77o752 
$ 
5 
3 
B 
6 

 tg— 
~ 

BACK TO THI CORRAL... 
’77 IMPALA COUPE DEMO delux* bel**, tinted eta**, floor matt, roof drip molding*, door mfg* guordt, air conditioned, remote mirror, 3oS V- 
8, turbo hydromatic, radial whit* stripe tires, AM radio, kvalue appearance group, two ton* paint... # 77oo84 . 
UST HMC! *632* 
S C - J A f T 
_YOUR PWC! j W 
V 
W 
, 

’77 IMPALA SEDAN 
4 door, color keyed soot bolts, tinted gloss. 

 ii 

'7 7 NO VA COUPE 
2-door, tinted glass, body sida moldings, four-sooson air conditioning, power broket, 
3oS V-8, turbo hydromatic, power steering, full wheel covers, while strip* tires, AM rodio ... #77o2/4 

 i t 

'7 7 CHEVELLE MALIBU CLASSIC SEDAN 
C-aaar, tinted gloss, body tide moldings, air conditioning, remote control mirror, power brakes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydramatic, power # steering, full wheel covers, radial while stripe tires, windshield on- 5 

'7 7 N O VA COUPE l a c a a 
2-door, tinted glots, body side moldings, 
Tit ■ * |T j iour-sooton air conditioning, power brakes, 
^ 
3o5 V-8 , turbo hydromottc, power steering, whit* strip* tires, windshield antenna, i roily wheels ... #77o27S 

 tenno... #77o579.. 

14-door tinted U 
£2EVLUE WAl,BU CLASSIC SEDAN 
^4-door, tinted gloss, body tide moldings. air conditioning, power brakes, 3o5 V- 
#77o58o 
8, turbo hydramatic, power steering, radio! whit* stripe tires, windshield antenna. rally 

5+3T 

 itor key* floor matt, roof drip moldings, door edge guards, four-season air conditioning, remote mirror, custom two ton* point, 3o$ biti 
V B, turbo hydramatic, radial tiros, electric clock, AM re ' pear once group ... #77o649 

 wmngpam 

 it* strip* volu* ap- *553o 

'77 IMPALA SEDAN 

4-deot, tinted gloss, roof drip moldings, air conditioning, remote control mirror, 3o5 V- # 

8, turbo hydromatic, white stripe fires, AM ▼ radio, value appearance group ... #77o6o4 5 4 4 7 

 m w 
® s n 
M O R E D * 1 3 TO 

S S E T ' A * - " M T H ' 

SMITH’S 
PRICING 
POLICY: All 
PRICES 
INCLUDE 
DESTINATION 
CHARGE AND 
DEALER PREP. 

OPEN 
’TIL 9 
223-4281 

MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
______ COVERAGE 

The P o lity That L a it You Sign A w a y M a st CH 
The Coot O f M a {o r M echanical R epairs fo r 12 
M onths O r T 2 ,o o o M ile s, W h ic h e v e r Cames 
First! 
. . 
I 
* MOTOR S tN5URA N C I CORPORATION * 

’63 CHEVROLET topToutomotic, air, power 5 
3 9 5 steering, power brokes, A M ..................................o 7 J 
’68 CUTLASS 
* aoc tng, power brokes, AM, clea n ............................. l f J J 
7 o MAVERICK evaSrtSVtStfr!-. ‘ 895 
7 2 VEGA 
’7o MALIBU S B R Mats, console outer mot- $ AQS 
Ic, power steering, power brakes, AM, olr 
. . . . 
V 7 J 
’7o OLDSMOBILE “ 
’ n vinyl* top, Sucker 
, toots, console automatic, otr, power steer- I 
S O C log. power broket. A M ........................................ 
O f J 
’ 7 f l R I I l f l f Skylark, rod, whir# vinyl top, 
_ _ _ 
/M D U H R automatic, dr, power steering, J 
R O C power brakes. AM ............................................ 
o 7 J 

I I CHEVROLET interior, automatic.” air, 8 QQ C power steering, power brakes, AM .................. 
TT<# 

* 7 1 C A I A X IT SOO, 4-door, green, green In- 
_ _ _ 
/ I V lA iA A l t rerior. osrtomatic, air, pawer S Q Q C steering, power brokes, A M .................................. WI J 
' 7 n f U E \# D A l ET K logs wood (state Ste re on 
7 V V.nC V K U IC I Wogon, ton, ton interior, automatic, air power steering, power $ QQC brokes, fool rock, AM 
• • • • • • » * * • * • • * • • » # *# 
’73 GREMLIN dr. power steering, AM *^*. . . . *1195 
’72 TOYOTA interior, automatic, 4 cylinder. *1195 

’74 VEGA IX automatic, air, AM rep; *1295 

’7o DATSUN 51o beige interior, 
4- S I oOC speed, 4-cyHndor. air, 39,ooo miles, AM ........... I A l J b * T | IT R Wagon, yoNow, brown interior, e l m 
# automatic, air, power steering, i l O Q C power brakes, AM/FM stereo, roof ro c k 
I A 7 J 
’73 DELTA 88 rerior, automatic, willpower S I O Q C steering, power brokes, A M ............................... I A T J 
’ A Q f I IT I ACC 4-door beige, gold interior, 
O Y L U I L A J ) automatic, air, power steer- } 1 4 Q C lag, power brokes, A M ...................................... l o r d , 
’7o PONTIAC beiJi"’ ntoriorr,3So*'v - ^ 3 - speed standard transmission, power $ I A Q C steering, power brakes, AM/S M .................. 
1“ r d 

.’ TO I H J T O I b l Continental Caupo, brown, 
/ A L IM w i l t nm vinyl top, automatic, air, toolbar seats, power windows, power locks, S I C O C tilt whod, stereo ............................................... I J T J 
IT C D l l l f l f Special, brome, wblto top, 
/ d m LH5.IV automatic, air, power steering, $ O C QC power brakes. AM/FM stereo..............................A d T d 
’74 CAPRI 
.y*: . r °:.*2695 
’75 CUTLASS top* automatic, air, power 5 o Q Q C steering, power brokes, A M ................................u r / d 
’75 CUTLASS br U k .v! tt mr 
V binw v fop, OU TO 179 TIC, o17, VOCK IP? soots, power steering, power brakes, tilt Sci O O C wheel, AM/FM stereo 4-trock..............................“ A l d 
’ 7 A D A U T I A f Yrons AM 4oo, sliver, block t v r L i n H H V . bucket soots. automatic, 
ESS . . a i k S B S . k"k“\ 
.*4695 
’75 OLDSMOBILE brown inttrtor, ohSo- metk, air, pow ar tie* ring, power broket, power window* and lock*, 6 -woy power to OH, HH wheal, crviit control, AM/PM ‘4995 

7 5 OlDSMOBItE inferior, wki*e vinyl top, con^#t7tiy loaded, including AM/ f . .*4995 

’76 CUTLASS Londou roof, bucket Toait, outomoHc^ air, power tteering, power ‘4995 

*7A FARR hipsr Cob longer IIT kickup. 
* V TLI IV LF blue. wMto trim, automatic, air, power steering, power brokes, 39o CID V -l. SC 4Q C dud tanks, AM radio, white, compar shell . . . d * f T d 

’76 PONTIAC white bucket'*!****. '"auto­ matic, dr, power steering, power brokes, power windows, AM/FM stereo, honeycomb *5895 

’74 CORVETTE saoqc speed, l - t t engine, AM/FM stereo.................... O w T d 

CHEVROLET 

DOWNTOWN 
A 11 

S t o r M l 

1221 Broadway 

I 
Gunn 
O ld s m o b ile 

PRICE 
CUTS AI.. 

B 
U 
I C 
K 

(mil,-, 2 ll hardtop OutCimOtK, OH pow*! 
74 BUICK double Checked #46/42* Rot 53495....... 3195S 

HEMPHILL MCCOMBS NORTHWEST 
BANDERA AT LOOP 4 1 o 
6 8 1 - 1 4 3 1 

_ /into wogon. nro'i an.r or fjmnl shows bast of 
74 FORD a.. w™ urn 
*23951 
4 dr, outomotK, att, powet decor 
- - - - pockoge, cheip a t t # bean fotino, 2 door hotdtop, outomotK, ow, ( - . Q , poet- extra ihoip 
S a t # miles, extie 

75 MAVERICK 

75 FORD .... 

74 THUNDERBIRD S j S J * .............. 
75 CHEVROLET Monte (otto eotometic on pow* 
^ 
SJ99$ 
’ M*o,*u9Mf doubt* checked 
,y n r j i n y u entuif luxus hordtop coup* t i D U IL .A *8, ftoon and otwenol ........ 
(HT, pow* 

‘5295 

‘3695 

‘2895 orig*' 
Dort redo iv outemotK, on, powei, 
7 5 D O D G E I leon Rd 57995....................................... ‘ 2 6 9 5 ry a A m y l# 
Itvieto, outnmotM on, powet, lunk s hneit . . . n _ 
/ J BUICK ^ a rtto( #66/54 
’3695 t y , y n r u y Srlvwodo Rnkup ecHoinolk. pows, sleeting 
. o a c 
/ a LU C V I iao, mileage leaks bk* new 
4 9 9 5 
Impale. 4 deaf, autometry oh power, vinyl. 
7 3 CHEVY top ..t a rte. Ro, 5239V...........................* 1 9 9 5 
Cutlass Supreme Coupe, on* own*! thoroughly. . « o e 
’ 7 5 OLDS (tracked Ros 54495 ...................................... 9 2 9 5 
SP1RES-DOUGLAS BUICK 

SOI BROADWAY dr 

7 4 GREMLIN lOoor 
1188 

67 DOOGE 
2 Ooo*.............. 
688 

7o PLYMOUTH 
Roadrunner 
888 

•69 CADILLAC flOorado 
*1788 

7 o CADILLAC flOorado 
’2288 

7 1 TOYOTA 
$to iran wogon 
•1488 

71 OLDS 98 lA 4 door. looded 
’2688 

72 CHEVY fKk up 
‘ 1988 

I 7 3 IMPALA 
4 door 
*1988 

I 74 GALAXIE 
$oo . 4 d o o r 
’2688 

I 7 4 GRAN TORINO 
2 door 
‘2788 

* 7 5 COMET 4 dew. 

. o u t o m o t K , a a 
‘2988 

75 MONZA 
Hatchback 24-2 

75 LINCOLN i dom town (of............... 

’75 FORD 4 wheel drive pick up 
... 

’75 LTD lendou 
4 doot 
............. 

76 PONTIAC 
Ventura 4 doot 

7 2 GALAX!! 
SUO. 4 door 

67 FORD 
Pick up 
............ 

73 RIVIERA loaded 
.......... 

7 7 8 8 

6688 

•3788 

•3788 

’3788 

*1888 

‘1288 

A 
SUPERIOR 
PONTIAC 
BETTER HURRY— THESE PRICES ARE FOR REAU 
’ J A f* o A A I D D IV Gmgei me tattle bt own, with toddle ton, att vinyl interior, R E D U C E D 
/ 4 U K A r i “ K IA Whit* vinyl tool, bucket seats, console, power stearin 

'3288 

7o THUNDERBIRD ‘ 1788 

7 4 MAZDA 
Rogon .... 

’76 RANGER 
HT Pick up 

‘2288 

Dependable 

USED CARS 

I 
NORTH Imm 
STAR 
Dependable 
I SPECIALS 

USED CARS, 
YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! 

'74 CADIU4C 

#995o2 

7 4 DODGE 
13,ooo odlw* 8P4964 

Catan, 7 doer hardtop, 414/PII uM ae wet. OH, etuis* vinyl roof, (ald metallic 

4-DOOR 
SIDAN 

 flit bit Bt o, 
2 4ddf bor Vt- 

OM S . 

5188 

# '2661 

 ly r a rat t t y W 
5ky4nrk, 
4-doot hotdtop, ledto, 
/ L D U I5.IV owtewMtK. para**, aa, vmyl taal, yrarayra 
#117 A .................................................. 
A O / Y 

*4776 

Power stafinng ond brokas, outomoti es It os, # 7245 

 e>tb« 

TV# 

7 6 DODGE dual law mount mlrrars # fh tO ............... 
■73 OlDSMOBItE 98 IS fun power, air, crwts* saotrel, vinyl rani. 
# m S 5 A ............. .................... 
’69 DODGE i i r S T i 

7 3 OIDSMOBIU j; X - 
Mats, con se ie 

Built 
JACK RIEGER 
C H B V S IS O n t V M O U t M 

*4 5 9 o 

38oo SAN PEDRO 

732-8211 

 vinyl root, bucket teats, console, powet steering power due brakes, torlory air, R/SR lodreil tires, lolly wheels, trim rings, body ade moldings loaded beautiful car Stock No 4 461. Ros 5429$ Now................. 
’73 GRAN PRIX Burgundy metallic with burgundy luxury interior end burgundy vinyl roof, 6 woy power seat, ratty wheels, power windows, bucket seers with console, 4M FM stereo factory off. cruise control, Great looking cor. St 
No 18 IOU Rot 5369$ Now............................................................................. 
«m j a v . . J. r j Qcw Gunmetal silver with block vinyl loaf, Wack all vinyl ut- 
/ 4 U K A r i “ K IA tenor bucket seals/console, tilt steering, power seat'' pawer windows. 4M IM stereo loaded. Itch looking car, Stk. Na 9 87T-P. Rot 
5439$ Now ..................................................................................................... ly e / ’ A T A I IA IA * <*°®f ^,c*on' Ao11* yellow eiienot with whit* vinyl roof 
/ J L A I A U N A with natural saddle ton interim, body side moldings, 
(emote control left side muter, deluxe wheel covers, aul* traits. Dower steering, power disc brakes, factory aw 4 perfect fomily cor Stk No 11 - Io4S-4 
Ros U79S Now............................................................................................... 
’ 7 9 I I I V I ID V 
Sports (oupe, conory yellow with Work vinyl roof, block 
/ A L U A U K I a8 vinyl inlet tor, body side mold mas, remote control, left bond mirror, power steering, power brokes, factory ort roily wheels with trim rings, 4M rodw with stere* 8 track top* player Pretty biti* cor Stk No l l 1o18 P, Ros 
$279$ Now................................................................................................... 
•7 A T H V A T A I * o" o 7 door Sport Coupe, snow white, Wack interior new 
/ A I U T U I A tues, automatic, air Beautiful economical tor, sls:k no S-594 
Rot 5289$..................................................................................................... i j • 
Q U Coupe, 2 door. hardtop, medium green, green vinyl reef. ween 
/ 4 U L U # Y O luxury mtenor, od power, ow, nit* cat. stock no. II-IO U was 
5349$............................................................................................................. t v # #>n t b ir t W I 11 E Taupe, diamond Wu* metallic, whit* wheels, loaded. 
/ 4 U K A N U V IL L C power I aw, beautiful caup#, stack no 1o 698 Ras 
53S9S .............................................................................................................. 
’ 7 7 D I I l f Id 
? door. burgundy, melattu Wack vinyl roof, Wock vinyl mterier, 
/ J u U IV .IL (win roc* mirrors, meg wheels geed looking, stock ne 4-446, Rot 
$299$...................................TTT........... ........................................................ trarg D A A 1T I A f (* Md 5oton Station Rogon burgundy meiolkc. with burgundy 
/ <5 “ U N 11 A v vinyl interior, 3^seater tilt tteermg, 4M IM, as is, stock no ti IoJ3 Rot 5239$......................................................................................... 
1 7 j P A A I T I A f ^adaa 4 door. burgundy burgundy vinyl rntarwr power 
/ 4 “ U N I IA E . steering oulemotic, body side mouldings, en, power brakes, loaded, fm* lamely car, stock ne. J 714, was 5299$......................... .................. i j j | g a g esc 4 door. coppet color with ton intoner, automatic power 
/ 4 I e ITV A N # sleeting, Off, good family cat, sleek ne $ $36 4 Ras 53295 . . . 
’ 7 4 A D A A in A A I ‘ door coppet metoihc. beige vinyl roof with ten vinyl 
/ 4 U K A N U A IR mtenor, sty lad stool wheels, bucket seats, consaia, kiadid. power 8 aa, great braking car. stack na 12 IM I Rot 5349$................. tym ra ra g A in D D IV ^ l’ *' rally* wheels. Wack is vinyl leaf, Wock in 
/ 4 U K A N U “ K IA tenor, bucket mots consaia, pawer, ok, completely looded, stk * 9 87IP Ret 5439$ .................................................................. 
•T C A D A A in I _ AA A A lt 2 doer gunmetal gray, Wack H landau vinyl 
/ J U K A N U L D m A N # roof, Wack vinyl bucket seats, consol* and floor shift eutonwhc, power steering V-8, sewer Wakes 8 err. IM- IM stere* music, very sheep looking coupe, stock no 4 >o3 4 Ros 54395 ................................ 
* 7 4 D I I l f I / atactic! 22$. 2 A hardtop, desert geld. whit* vinyl reef, 
/ 4 D U IL K interior. aB vinyl, completely leaded, beau 
• IO 998 Ros 5429$ ......................... 

PRICK 
*3388 

*2995 

*3488 

‘2995 

*1995 

‘225o 

 l l K I R T Z 
QUALITY USED CARS 

FROM OUR RENTAL FLEET 

7 6 ITDs 

7 5 COMETS 
4-doors.............. 

7 6 THUNDERBIRD! 

7 6 IMPALAS 
Station Wagons .., 

7 6 MONTE CARLOS 
......................‘4495 

‘6995 

*4895 

76 MONARCHS 

76 NOVAS 

‘3995 

.. ‘3495 

12 month/12.ooo mil* (which ever occurs first), power trow warranty 4tk for details (ail 

8 1 8 - 9 4 6 5 
HERTZ M D V IC I CEH TER 

SERVICE, WHAT 
IT'S ALL ABOUT 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES 

75o N.E. LOOP 41o AT BROADWAY 
8 o 4 - o 4 1 1 

FEBRUARY USED CAR SPECIALS 
75 GRAN MARQUIS burgundy vinyl lop, sun roof, o# power, on, fully looded, pow* windows, power seats, 31,92$ miles 
.............. 
7 3 MONTEGO MX S H O JIS vinyl top. AM FM stereo , outomoti*, pow* steering power brokes, 8 cylinder, ow............ 
’ JO BNff>/ *tt r a y Carnet. 2-door, medium Wue, 
/ r# m tK v . U K I whit* vinvl top, rodto, outomotK. power steering, 8 cylinder, off, 42,172 miles.............................................................. 
’ 7 4 D I A IT H s,o,,on *°9°n- P**". AM radio. 
1 4 r l N l U Stondord. 4 cylinder, Off im p g g c D /lID V f**ond Morguis. 2-door, white 
/ J fT V tK V .U K I with whit* vmyl roof, power windows, power soots, stereo top*, one owner, • . -.n n 
43,922 miles. ... 
.......................... 
4 / Y U outomotw, power on, 24,519 

*549o 

‘235o 

‘235o 
‘ 199o 

 m r 
* 
1331 SO. 
TERMINAL DR. un oft 41o 
AT AIRPORT MVO 

 utifwl luxury etape, ilk 

‘2495 
‘2525 

‘2988 

‘3588 

‘3595 

‘3688 

#18256 

IWR, radio, heater, > 
1)7 A .......... rem*. 
2 door hor diag, rad!#, automatic, oh, vwyi roof, bucket 

‘2592 

95o 

Clean i*>* used Cars At 
AUOOIT KENT A CAM 14f 444) 
IM tv R LOOO 41o of Airport Alva 
•Y1TWT7 

‘2768 

• TC t A D f l Gran ode Ghi*. 4 door lodaa, V-8, 
' J e V / n v am HI stere*, eutemotvi, pawer, air. Sri g ra n esoyi roof, $4,oo9 mdat # $ 2 8 4 6 ....................... 
# 4 / o 

N O R T H S T A R D O D G E 
7 2 4 2 San Pedro 
3 4 1 - 2 2 5 7 

 durn) lr ori*ooriol>«n > • 
H OL I T 
S it ) n a 
11 n a n c I n a o-oilaoie Coit 
Steve braen.aii n j b e ll 
________ 
■*F DmMALA Jdaor bardie*, VI, standard 4f.ko« mr t i t ) 921)7*o n u » w m i l i t a r y o h_________ rf4 Irneaio J deer hordtoo an 
I 

 jparaar. air lls fie ), *9) le i* 
’ i i Imuolu 4 d r h a rd fip , new bras, I owner |*ob IM 4)1) 

Ti-TMPTTA and 
Can 

734 a m in 

 i i C r ib V * u e e d ru n n ra a 
Ira n l i f t f I ) M M . 4 O prti i r m w - n s a S T T f i r ""hei'd tag SI44M 917 X i i _____ i f e i f W iwiM«b wMt H L 1 ai* 
SAM IM lf J) m m w 
I rn p bTiT aTs'u rn; e erweeis IM IIM y f t im v 'im iJ U i duer' k.r-g up, b e d # H IM TM*44) 

I t Cnevv M alibu Classic Landau top. AM SM lo o * Hub WH , RA 
TM A i 41) M D oner I w rn ;;;; w a n ; i u f < — 
4 door isolated A ir aute bls 1641 r f ffce vF V e g a 6 Y feupe 
MaFtAMddb. arr 
Stick Ms .et l l / * ) 
HA IJ l f t i C M I W tio a a n T cvafs “dearar s ia e rin d b r a b * ) s te re o a i* b f) t m 
M I b i t i 

 hove I dr 
■ M u s t sot! on* teddy 
I MoodV 4)1 1444 
T T T m A a l A Luiper L ie r ! TTT 
[4 speed b u cke t seats, att new le a r is pami Gar oaud ba* to ap 
, a.enate VB*) b tl 1*9) 
'I inreuio Wodan. U lM t mb U T p o w e r b r a k e b . s te e n n a . C f w ise lu m re i cteun tHIX) 4V4 U l t ____ 

’ *71 b in d b w a a f I A d a s s a n d e r s)a 
Iran wudorr VA autem e h , power re* caid aw runs and drives per iu d ' Must sue m ice rtnm edtaluiv I 
ISM Dc tow I vtdH due* IIM cask 
U t Mer i r t t x n r r a i a e 
Sauls 
Oft* 
Stites* 
’ * M e t'i'lu / l a s s i e d r aw ner m u tt sell 
R ive is m bai " tic # s saws s i* 

M e l" kuTk'71 owner 
4/4 Ft*S 

• rd af u h s 

 i t M alibu Classic 2-daar b u lly vauroued Only 14 OM wides I44BB ttttt p ric * IM S ti ti on i ma ovarla bt* Coit Cnor tie Levine 212-o*44 
— o ia Z liI o m n i m 
— 
Auianiatic, pawer, arr Runs ti# too1 124 se)* 
TT m 
I l W 
I i f . ilk , new must set! dim help finance Coil M r. 
Oar lo 41)1*44 i i MA Ll IU 4 l londord 4 dr . new M in t en* owner C leones! in 
Tewn' I IM 7)4 M I* 

 stereo tope, air paw er ra tty * wheels, radials M IM l l * o44* 
- s r a w t r r m v -f T landau 
New alternator battery brakes 
16M M M 

- ‘I f 
W e n t * f a r l e assum e p itvm enu bal 1441* l l l l ] i t l l l l Mwnle Carte Waded bbl) far 
Due id * /) A fft *211)** 

! Moi'! U rb M om 7$ 
Locdea p e rfe rl la n d . I awnar 
New lira s . W irt w h eel c o v e rt 
1* 2*1 1)4 ll * ) , MAMA) f l U d a ll t a r I* I afro cfaaa. tv ly le a d e d 
J* 499m t 
12996 fir m 
: m t m th o r n 

75 MONTE CARIO LAWAI! 
A la te over black LoddaM i f ba* m ii«t I * * * I Coft S M ITA* a tta r I 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 BROADWAY 
92o BROADWAY 

?34-'drain 

Mania Carle 74 Leaded I U M ar best ewer 41)7)46 r f Ucint* Carlo Lundau Ar ti. ie en black, m ukl solit A n yirw tt S a l. 
Sun otter I weekdays 1)2 *1») 

75 MONIE CARLO LANDAU 
Black deer black 9-8, aula air, power M M m u** i* * * i 
JAMISON M iry koautn ) }) IM I 
! la rV T & M awnat 
Leaded SDM SIV MMI 

_________CALL M i M il ' 
7 1 
W adi# 
C a rts le a d e d 
14)4)1* 
IO* *47* atter « 
BSn'ft /e rie 'TI W e- tu n e u p TM v ie r*e ta p * V inyl root t i* * ) M I M *4 
• o l* d A»a Carle »M ppwef K l IIH w heel a m p m s te re * re a r# i m a ie l aas m ss n r n BBR Tg / A i r g ia cr» ;« e r 
IM * ) 
CON 
Cho me 
Liven* l l ) UNM 

CHIVHOUT 

76 NOVA CONCOURSE 
* door v-8, autom atic, air nr trite aver vettaw 
S44*l 
JAMISON M ir Sedum 1)1 IM I 
W’ N tiT T 'i 'ia d r Tal l ; eautpd ^ 
U M I 
I t l l I N m il I t AK r » )i u s a 
TTffVT 

CttiVROLEI 

 n 'd e T I un vaulty l e i * up c all B r nut 
I T 
PU v m enu 
SBI MFI 
"HT MBVA tfntchhock ddaar. AST, b u cke t keplk, r p lle v * w h eels i i* tsei. ms aas* 
■ FTTHTkTR S gl i W 
^ ta w U il.; 
V A pawer ttaerm g, real shorpt albas fptt p rtce 188% traa ncing evawaate 
Com jim invars 
I I I UFS* 

 aula. pew** ml AM PM, buck vt le a fs I t l l s te e rin g geed aas 
MIN b i i ll, t ) t I SM Ic H 
YTKi # d T r i; » ^ lb^ 7 muTl 
.•it tu n atter lp m *64 l i l t 

74 NOYA. * S ta n d a rd S IM I 
I I D I W M allo ry 
91) D id 
" Tr n s v r Tarr i e r paTmea r 
CaN *2*14)4 
LOUTHIIBl ’ mn H r^ la n j M.its 
Car Specipis 
Come bv or ca ll 
))) a lit Ma* ac net r raaa 
>1 V#aa E * c # ll# n lc # n d New i a drats M M D I 14o4 
— 
VTTFTH T--------------- 

HIGH CLASS 
USED CARS 
*75 BUICK 
U « A b d « tO N V K t T II U let* mit#g», a wry mc* ro t... R / J S U 
*75 DOOOB 
CtM M M H T CUSTOM 

K a f i r s . . . * 3 5 9 5 
*74 CADILLAC 
IU K M R A D O 
38,726 rural, 
§ w W M w bk* m w 
* o 2 5 o 
’73 CHRYSLER 
T O W N a C O U N T * Y 
Wagon, high rrataaga. must sat 

& 'O '.... . * 2 7 5 o 
*73 MAZDA 
■xaooe 
Station 
Wagon, aa, tabla, automatic. 38,6oo 
2Tal!? ...M ddR 
'o4 ne VMO UTH 
N 

* 9 5 o 
•ROUGHTON 
MOTORS 
USO AUSTIN HWY, 
6 5 5 - o 2 4 1 

 eau IM H D v * 6 A 6 T 
4 saaa J""air "c a n fi 
•tuned clean a pius wan I tost 
Nnp S IM I Com l l ) 7o89 
W m 
' H H d 'EnEK cI 'I TV'-p'u' lemaiic taw mi 
M imp* O na 
• • M I Must sell I t i* ) l l * 4)44 

 rn awmi 

 r y e E n o n lon9*’ *lT ^'fl(uP, outomotw po* 
/ J rUKU steering power Wakes, air, 74,5 miies,.......................................................... 

’ i c m o n Cfon 
2 *®o' ,,9hl 9r**n- 
/ # t v / K l / radio outomotK, power steering power brokes. 8 cylinder, air, I owner, (lear, jra Arara 
$1,oo1 miles 
A 7 7 V 

7 4 CHEVRo1ET S n " '* -SS.*- * 
36,7o2 mites 
.............................. l e i [ a d d flit*, medium mttoHrr btu*, dork btu* 
/ 6 rUKU vinyl top, IM IU stir**, outomotK, power steering power brakes, 14,174 miles r y e I m 
/ A I U 2'*••* iauP*< ***“ *■ 
*my' 
/ O L 1 N L U IN top, btu* teether interior, fully loaded, all power and air................................... l e i / s i n e uirtass Suprtm*. 2 door silvtr, rad tan 
/ O ULU# dou wsnyt top, 18,ooo milos, all pewar and oh AM FM stereo top*................................ 

’ 71 OLDS 
9,Mn' o,1 

‘4o9o 

‘ 19oo 

‘499o 

‘719o 

‘499o 
‘ 119o 
’74 TRIUMPH ^ • v i T '1*1’ 45ooo ‘279o 
73 CAPRI 

 red, whit* ytnyl top, stofto, outomotK, power, ok, 
7 5 FORD • » 
79,ooo nates 
•T C D A n C E *oyot Menoco, 4 door, medium 
/ J UUUUt btu* meiotic uutomafK, pawer staanng power brakes, mr, 28,ooo mites 
’ T A f U D V C I CD Cavdobo. 
7 dew. silver 
IO L le K T / L E K metaUK red landau vinyl roof, AM/FM tape. 75,7oo milos, extra mc* cen dthon ........................................................... 

’ Y A A A C D fllD V Barnet, 
4 doer, outomotK, 
/ O m t n l U H l power steering power brakes, 
Off. 4 cylinder, ton, brown vinyl top. 9,39o miles 
(oftest, 7 deal. excellent condition. outomotK pawer, aa 
.................... 
65 OLDS 

‘ 159o 

‘419o 

‘345o 

‘519o 

‘355o 

* 89o 

 r y e 11 M r A i K l Cenwnentpl Coup* AM IM He- t # l l H v v L I a roe, topthpf mtartor. speed con hat, power windows, power seels medium green . . nraloKK, l l OOO miles, an* owner 
‘699o 

* 7 # b d r o r i l D V 
(affem, 
2 do#, 
» *9 i f i m v U K I twin comfort seat, power win dews, stereo, ana owner, white, dark brawn vinyl top. deft bawn inter Mf, extra claan 

7 5 MERCURY £ r J 

7 4 UNCOIN 

M 
I 
U 
) 
I 

 l l rs i: ViSv, "kli«»»«T7*7^jr rap ie ca ttg n f c a id e t) lif e d rk r ,Uat i)awd««r 

VOLA d i $ 
DODO* YAN) 
O O O Ok A N O OMC m c no KS tis Nu Mum 8adm* >4* J MU 
; 
Old ACT HNR 224 i l l ) lay Guci att Sates Manager 
_ 
• ^ m r f u i v n n m r — bard baa i t l l 
____________ UM U lt 

 outomotK id control, medium groan melodic, dark green vmyl lap 
.. 
Continental, I derat whit* Mac Ii vtnyf tap, automatic powtr aa. speed central, toother inter tor tilt wheel, bulgier to m , extra stow 
.................................... 
•73 continental!^ Saitoh*" speed (unfit] en* vwner i * i [ A d d fnanadb, 2 doer. ton, AM IM I track l o rUKU st*roo, OH, root itoon 
Maut* (otto. 7 dew btu*. power oh, 
AM IM iota 

‘289o 

‘389o 

‘495o 

‘519o 

‘399o 

7 3 CHEVROLET 

•X . 
TI 
M id 
Mice 
Md s ti 

 r ^ 

NORTH 
PARK 
MERCURY 

‘289o 

Our Goal? 
Na 

U n h o ly Owttdrt 
92o7 SAN PEDRO 
(I Mb Meet# af lawp 4181 
341.IBA I 

 ll > ■ M 
6 1 1 1 1 i £ A »•- 

EXPRESS - NEWS BONUS A O S 
2 LINES 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. . . IO days 
# 
225-1666 

RaV i CHANGE 
QUICK RESULTS! 

73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES 

DOWNTOWN 

6 
1 5 
S . S T . M 
A 
R 
Y 
’ S 
2 
2 
7 
- 
1 
3 
1 
1 

Sno^ff* 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
*1995 
’7 3 PINTO............................ 11 8 9 5 
’73 GALAXIE 4.*................ '•2295 
’7 3 LTD 2 -d r...................................................... 
1•2295 
’73 CHEVROLET copr.™........ !•3195 
’7 4 GREMLIN ..................... 
•2495 
’7 4 PINTO W a g o n ........................................ •2495 
’7 4 CHEVROLET 'ZZ'a..........1•3195 
’75 PINTO 3 -d r........................ •2595 
7 6 LTD B ro uah am ............................................. •5295 
*75 ELITE............................... •4495 
’75 LTD 4-d r....................................................... 
•4395 
’7 6 MUSTANG.....................1•4495 
’76 GRANADA 4 -d r............... •3995 
’76 CORDOBA 
2 -d r............... •5795 

SOUTHSIDE 

4 1 4 S .W . M IL IT A R Y D R . 
9 2 3 - 4 5 6 6 

’z 3 FuRU LT U 
Station W agon . . . . •2 6 9 5 
’71 CHEVROLET 
.......... • 9 9 5 
’75 PINTO R u n a b o u t............................... .. *2695 
’7 o TORINO 4 - d o o r ............................... ,* 9 9 5 
’7 3 MAZDA R o ta ry .................................. *1 29 5 
’7 2 NOVA ....................... i*1495 
’7 o PONTIAC L* M o n s .......................... • 8 9 5 
’6 9 CHEVROLET 
........ 
• 4 9 5 
’6 6 CHEVROLET Station W agon . * 5 9 5 
’6 5 PLYMOUTH ^ 
......... * 2 9 5 
’7 4 MAVERICK 4-dr.............. *1 8 9 5 
’73 DATSUN p .u ........................................ •1 9 9 5 
’7 4 PLYMOUTH .......... 
•1 9 9 5 
’73 SUBARU 
•1 7 9 5 
*73 OLDS T o ro n a d o ........................................ •2 2 9 5 
NORTHSIDE 

L O O P 4 1 o a t M cC u l l o u g h 
3 4 4 - 8 3 9 6 

M alibu 
’ 7 o C H E V R O L E T 
2 -d r. h a r d t o p . . , , * * . 
• 9 9 5 

’6 5 FORD ?J°"........ . 
* 6 9 5 
*71 PINTO 2 - t o t o 
* 8 9 5 
’63 FALCON 4 - d o . r .................................. • 6 9 5 

*71 PONTIAC t#. ^ 
....... 
*1595 
’7 5 NOVA 4 - d o o r ..................................... *1595 
’7 5 PINTO 
W a g o n . , 
•2 7 9 5 
’7 4 PINTO 3-d o o r ..................................... , *2395 

’75 F-IOO E r r .................. *4 29 5 
’7 o TOYOTA 4- d o o r............... » 9 9 5 
7 3 COMET 2 - d e .r . . 
*1995 
*73 LTD t-tmr........................ .*2 5 9 5 
’7 4 MAVERICK 
*73 CUTLASS 

2 -d o o r 

_______ __ 
« « » » * i i i i i ■ ! 
’7 4 IMPALA 4-door. ......... 

*2295 
*2795 
' 2 B 9 S 

 t a . 
- 7 rcWML «S 

“ W o w , Do W e Have A D e a l For Y o u !” 

 mama 

 t i C bra sier Cordoba V I, aw 
•amatol. PO ».r toe toi * an 
IMM dot Ii. erin %o control H to leo lh. • in to n e r an* a—ber vary loin 
■minuet 
Lika now U l t ! W ill trade f i t IM I 
________ 

/3b ctw sm 
736 ooo61 

73o-743 
: 73o743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February I 9 1977 

1 
, 
- 

73o743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

73 CHrysMr ftowpod 
•slum tout dloo t on m id i ll 

 to 
C M I Y U t l 
Toma 
Odd 
Country MOO on woad lf an v» ai la lion w k r n U t 4 toff Chrysler' rem toad coalT lion m ull m « to awn enate toto tH-iti* 
_____________ _ 
I i C6A d o Aa * bewet " iii c uslurtt 
(M d IM M/4 dttoi « am 
_ t i c h ry s le r Ila —b a rf I le a n loaded' A Sharp Cdf I IM M toll anta Cad O rt >1) toto f t f K r y t l. i U o .p a rl I l i i f ! loaded 
Law n tiia a ta 
C itr a t hmm! U M I toll brite IM S tm am ma evarib in Cad Al ftee-ia 
H I tot* a w w n r 

 iMM. Maud 

IH M Only t t t t l goat 144 t n t mc# 

Caudad I* C hrysler Cai dada. leather m ta ftd f, crw isa m a tn tower w iadaw*, gtaanaa and i abay IW M to t toto 

Welcome to your San Antonio Buick Dealers 

BUICK 

Round-Clp 
Sale 

You’ll find Great Savings on a Corral fun 

LeSabres, 
Centuries, 
Regals, 
Specials 
Skylarks 
Skyhawks 

BUICK m m m m y m m m 

Buick V-6 Brand engine 
Top performer 
Great fuel economy 

Special Bonus 

When you buy a 1977 Buick equipped with a 
V-6 engine from your San Antonio Buick 
Dealer during this V-6 Round-Up sale, you’ll receive absolutely free a signed Clay McGaughy print of Western Art. See this collection now on display at your San Antonio Buick Dealers. 
LIMITED AVAILABILITY 

Charles Orsinger Buick Co. 
45oo San Pedro 
734-4221 

Spires-Douglas Buick Co. 
5o1 Broadway at McCullough 
226-1361 

|^ j 

Dependable 
USED CARS 

o. R. MITCHELL 
Chrysler/Plymouth 

28oo Broadway 
822-3341 

OLDS oe,,° 88 
M*ou' w,*rw,‘ 

1 7 m / ‘ U D v r i f O ^ * Yorker Brougham, 7-dr. 
/ 4 ( .H K Y H E K Hdtp, luny .quipped, bk* now 
73 CONTINENTAL pod, bnouliful toTfff!. 
• a g to> v i l A 
I IT U SotoMi*# 
Custom 
Stotion 
/ J r L T m U U I H Wagon, rock, amyl mtonoi, automatic, radm. hoatoi, on ............................. 
• a g P A k l T I A r loEtans 7-di. hdtp, ytnyl in- 
/ to r u n 11 A v I griot, vinyl top. aa, powti t t l D IilfM I* '«*»*. J" hdtp, automatic, 
/ J B U IC K radio, hootgi aw cond 
...................... 
7 3 PONTIAC S L ^ ta T *:. l a g m n r Curios*, 2 dr Hdtp, aw. pawn, vinyl 
/ t o U L U ) mlgrioi, amyl top m o r t OD, 4 dr, automatic, radio, hoatai, 
/ J r U K U ag cond................................................ 

• V O e n r u i i u Standard, rodto, Hoator, cltan, 
/ to U K t m L I N low mtktaga . . . . 

’ 7 2 i n & n b*AN ,o,,n°- * * automatic. radio, 

7 2 COMET S 
.**..! 
72 DODGE 

* 7 4 r U D V C I t D 11^ 
H*P outomorK, 
/ * L n K T J U K rodto. hoator, ow cond. tm a c \ | ry e Curios* 7 dr, outo. vinyl (oaf, Hdtp 

7 1 M E R C U R Y E S H 4 * 
^ i j | £ | | g y Mont* Coria, bwtkat soots, consol, 

7 o DODGE 
" '“ *• 
7 o DODGE boottop..... .Tf!?*........... 
7 o COMET Lt h"’#\ 

*4895 
‘3895 
‘4695 

‘1995 
‘2195 
‘2295 
*2495 
‘2395 
‘2195 
‘1495 
‘1895 
‘ 1595 
‘ 1995 
‘ 1495 
‘ 1595 

‘ 1 3 9 5 
‘1695 
‘1495 
‘1495 
*1295 

7 5 LINCOLN y,Ho"- bh# 
19ooo mk' 
*6895 • 

® 7 5 LINCOLN I X 
" " * 7 o * 5 J 

J 7 6 TOYOTA w l,o“ 
>3995 • 

• 
7 4 MONTEGO 1 ^ . V 
>2995 • 

•4995 J 

•3495 D 

•2995 • 

- M 
» « . ...............................‘4195 J 

J 7 5 MAVERICK 
#Mo 
-2995 * 

# 7 5 MAVERICK 
'2995 • 

• 7 5 PIYMOUTH 
S S 

• 7 4 U N C o 1 N S X ' i f / i 

o 7 4 GRAN TORINO S S ’ “ 

• 
7 5 PINTO S f - S S ,! '* * 

• 7 5 FORD 

‘2795 

■AotiA ^€enA a/tPea& m o, & n c. 

RENTAL CARS and TRUCKS 

OPEN SUNDAY 

N O O N -7 P.M . 

1977 

RAIT tommo. 
• AUTOMA TK, MR, POWER 
* STEERING, ROWH MARIS 

- A _ . m u t (ammo. 

I V 
7 f t * AUTOMAIK, ARI. ROWER 
B " • 
S1CMIN6 . AOW tt MAKIS 

• FORD CARGO VAN 

• CLUB WAGON, 9-PASSENGER 

• GRANADAS 

• MARK V 

ISOM ROAD and RAMSEY 

• THUNDERBIRDS 
• LTD’S 
• MAVERICKS 
• PINTO WAGON 
• MUSTANG 

341-7843 

*2995 

*4495 

NEW 7 7 ROYAL MONACO 
DODGE SEDAN 

BIG & BEAUTIFUL 
THIS YEAR MAY Bi YOUR LAST 
CHANCE TO BUY A ROOMY FULL 
SIZE CAR. SAU PRICED. 
O.R. MITCHELL DODGE 
11 3o BROADWAY 
2 2 7 -2 281 

/ » 
Mr n r a m n 

Of C hal age RT 
441 m agnum i.G u ilt Air. g « g tr. OMtomatit 
AM TM I track UHS HO J ill 
I 
TI f h a r a g r W UUm jrrrVT oataai steering- broke*. AM OM s to fg ^ N ia d ^ < H v gJri4-**to 

•a—ai siggrma Oiaagg. enc Wien! i cond *»**». f H 
M 
I l _____ fria r am 4* (sad .'**• maonunT 
I a t * stem. mugs Rod - a k Mock vinyl I i lt llW l N R ddito PM ll 
MIO CUSH i i i RIM 
TrB a-i {aor'I I, 
Romo* MOOS *V IOU 

?3S DOOGf 
IU FOBB 

75 DOOM DART $3189 fOR I COUR*. t tortonid Vin 

 rn fiosTr: b u u a .- > H n tu P toto TH Riot 
I f m l r i l imnT^TuTaTiT 
• i M t o ii i d l Eta* a* a .ic oar ad tor UM Mb* 

 mu as l l OO ri n a n isr 
. i v f l a t aor tIT IT 
.. . . . . . . r n — iti ________________ 
Tt^uda« Dope i'dfri"IW4'I 
■ 
I 
, At Md br sn H I MSI 

 seORT COURI standard Vinyl tau M ix tut bdtitan pot suer 
M tM M H ILl MCCOMAS 
A ORO SOU IMSlug ita l I we Minto iv o n o u r 
Etoil ftadto j/bbgca I door Lard 
•aa caadad Ct un* control to abo taMbi j i m o n OMI 
»Too681 M S k i "iii gun«i 
*> t . ii.n t ta n d ilio n Must gait li t ti ii br annot i i b a la o la b o r Boo « w oaol ggsdrgcito IA lt old TOTO at**. | 

T n a rKtoTor tuUn.oiu-nTr air. otnyt i ant ctoan n o W it 

BIO COUNTRY TORO 
San Antonio 
Cot) 
IIT t»oo 

BLACK IS BLAUT (FVLI 
TO I IU J dam Ka.iiiuu I aadccl ootra dana* Must so*' Rest att.. 
TH IM I 
Wr iB I WI Loauktol cond? nan mast Mi* IM H o i 

J 76 COUGAR XR-7 
' S H S 

• 
75 PINTO mT u * * 4- ’ 

* 7 2 MARK IV 
- ..v s # 

• 
74 M M K IV 2 
„ 
>6895 • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• j m m 
~ 

| '74 C o m o ro 
15o. I snood, tu ft i pan or. orr Low milos Sac arian! 
I c o n d 
T a ke o v o r p a y m e n ts 
SSI POTO atter l p m of waoNond* 
C loon g a c g p tio n a l c o n d itio n , loaded 71 Pinto. 222 HOI OSS TH * 
7) Counir y Sedan Waqon I ood 
Od, p o rto c t, 
524*5 
Owner 
711-91*7 Ive s 142 7*91___________ v•' •• I I I T I I ..pp.,.. with tm vinyl tab 
L u a w r y in te r io r , b u lly 
• uuipuvu t i * * * toll or ICO COH Al 
G um in I i i toto 
___________ _ 

76 ELITE S5289 
I H I woo, dock biwa root 
Immaculate 
MS Mettles MCCOMAS 
POMO SOUTNSlDt 
1*o1 I W hull lo ry *12 o i l! 

 to H I T T , lo . rniU oot p ill rd lo 
SOM 57*54 COH Tun Aaivis 221 M U 
T V T U y ju awry inferior ^uttv equipped 
C d* lim 
Ae vers 
D I H H fnrnrrrno milos, Croom on cream. AM AM. •* vinyl tap Joe 
Sdaehowse 222 H it i'4Ti""B'H 'T f r .iV lftW mileaae 
Kacoriont condition 54oH IW V 

CLEANEST CARS IN TOW N t %7$ 'Ii HONDA io m i 
TIM A 
AAA 
71 HKTtA m — — to 

SMM 

'Al YW (11. Unmet tor 
74 VWOeton ....... 
71 DUSIfl im ta t 
...... 
_ 
Im w 
,, I H M to torte, g-en 

“ 
J f - > 
AA MATAOOt tmm. 
^TtLnT. tJito 

PRE-SPRING 
USED CAR 
SPECIALS 

64 CHIVROIIT f 4 dom, it- i f itmdmd 
J J / 

68 CHEVROLET ah, 
4 door, ( i i . omorir, ow 
On J 

7 1 MANO ARU n 
. 

 n m mml' tfc itf * " 

I MA 
7A (A m a Oma. tai 
1 1 7 7 1 

7 4 ITO 

IH M 
MSM 

U.°tMjST " T " * * H S M 
OMN S U N D A Y 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
9 o o o Io n P-U«o 
3 4 1 -9 3 7 1 I m*. 3 o 9 

74 I AEM 

71 TuTl" 
AM IM i 
HMA 

IV FRB 

69 VW 
I t 'll MCI 
*539 

Coil 
Joe 

; ll I Ainu. too to d 5225A can 
TM soot to o tm m a tts ! at out to to t * rn a n i ob in t N u n u i ta cost it Its i*oe 
(•o a ts* tw o Stows 

I,nunc inn c i.u ilu b l. tdaebaust t it EMU 
"iTTinrnwrwi8Rriwr" 
I ooOs anoa tuns etna bood Aw iamant an 12o o*5* 
Twr r i t w H u n ----------- 
CACC SD I t l l 
19 rt r<VAT>-aiT~ r,aInS n gO conWlion. OW H IS 
IT' lo t'J 1' f'o u n li't' t.dan ^W aoo n 
■ SHM, T) b o lti S2SSo bath ouuU condition T I) HJS or TM IAIA bf 
>uu ta to ll I 42* I f lt 
TiT?n'cTtia tm Sand con*!,on SOO I OH 
I fTfrnjTfnirTMTirsGrg’w 

7 o VW 
EfSriAd, sn 

AM IM radio 

68 AMBASSADOR 

 rn fwmt pttt 

* 7 9 9 

‘ 5 o 1 

7o THUNDERBIRD 

*J Z 
‘ 7 3 9 

68 FORD 
Eta#**, 
R rn 
OU I 

AL KOMMAY AMC 
IIH SAN AMMO 
1 1 7 - f i l l 

'TS AONO KCtTC SJA2 S 
CALL H I 1*21 
•f f 'Tora' T IU'*" Lootiod AU TU star aa, t tra ck, LOW mites C o* 
I rn-WM l i f t Kerd c ilia , laadod i v i r a shote 
IW V tmoncrn* avarieble 
Ca* Mf AonnaH 111o*o4 ii / a r d KIIEa/ boater g v a ry lh m a n Solid black A root sharp 
' c a rti Com a i Gwarro rn avos 

4* k a rtl Abir la na (H od candritotT 
SOM Ila O HI anytime l/aaan. I ctrl standard, H H I H o IH T 
U Ford Sola a ie aainer snci itu « m o t* a rte. jo* oooteves 
•fTT fflB aolpttolK 4 dee. loaded las* over payments no a Marty, |r » w H I MT I 
! W R 7T 6 ai5 ^ T T i r T S r boater" 
22S f i l l WEE S dtr bower 
»/** *o CALA 4H EOM 

T j P ^ i o d T o n T o r m a 

IV FRB 

Com rfTrG 
Iho.'l 
■I I J H 
SMI Leoma U j 
S title l l AMO 

I TMO ovor baymen!*, no *au>ty7| 
I cgA HEK* tanto. tH AAOA 

TS hid M i i n 
I door C OU A t 
Alda to be—ar s t... ma. 
Ar abas 
Matra 
H*o« si sag 
MO Mb it tv I MC I OMO* 
A OMO SOU tit Si Ut 
I 
IH I A IN Mentory t i l SUI 

•71 bard O ran Tor mo Mrowoham 
A w lly to a d o d I d o o r h a rd la b 
124 *54* H S MS4 
USES CTB - f f i i r . bto.g r ; g y rn* H H S CALL TU WAI f l F6R B l T 8 '? t o h r ;V snwlr". 
—OOO" * bass SISS4 7 It *4o5 
7 r > 
6 W f T 
6 ' i a io T T w H y 
# a m tiU xa % 
I BRS. lit! 5 W 
M I I I TAtry o i l ITM 
T Y T 6 T 6 [Th W a d *. UR mi 
SS1S# tall TH OHS 
T T T 8 I B I f & T ~il 4 » > :"o 4 - o 'r b r uh vs s l g . i in q. a ir. good condition SM 1424 
T T T M r m r m i t i 4 d U «ia 
17*o Ilk *5*1 H * TOSO f l A^dd L tq T e w m I c e n d llf ah’ sots H I M 14 
YVTo, r i 'T 6 V T aw lom aTTT aq—to to t tory att gatghoni ton 
I ii Men * 119* min I ro to *21 (AO) w ’wm i t b v 'l o y r ro i r v t r po—to SIM SM M M 
V T T to 'j tfa v o ’r it T ' I doet " a ,7 hontoi awk* baoMn c i - n mo A* t «m. hi c onditMrn. M U AT S A L L ! to ri AH I H I y r ? t o T g j v to U i -e w es im* po—. i stoat . to * m ilgaoo. Av 
W A H . o*1o4 toad. Stoas o il H S J m n rtoorTin 'ita n a n ;-'w"ii> 
• bows. sal aa to* sir oat or st* in 
Also Ma Cto* U t M i l 

PRE-SPRING 
USED CAR 
SPECIALS 
* 7 4 H O R N E T 
4 4m* 
•N9MNAoAN 
6 «yRHAto 
6*«SlMl Mm AoNkWto wsitaiiMif rn 

(Ak* Mtokf ON • 
•I RSO 
' 7 4 G H t M l i N 

!»«. >—.* rn— 
* i r « s 
'7 3 P L Y M O U T H 

S S l*- •ir S 
’ 7 4 PONTHLC^ 
’Z2R3 

* 7 4 O L D S 
_ 

’73 PONTIAC 
S!M »iRn* *1 RS 7 
•73 VW 
S*pm tmO*. rn. maef*. • md 
Sr* ‘16*7 
•6 6 M USTANG 
»4 I qaat • rn to—pd Im 
— wet. p 4PS7o 

Al KOMRAY AMC 
1111 IAN N M O 
327-7911 

TP l l 

, SS POMO, or .pined SH S to trw le tor tot Sup t i* OOH 

 m il.s t Speed Mast seM* Only iii HS Com C bbl ne ie .**# rn wet* 
I t K8 
8 
U TZ 
'» passe noel A M AM ttorg*. 5HOS 
MI UIS mrsnrrfai;.«.«to na— toes. so awa mi Alb Mas 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 19 197/ 

D A T S U N 'S 8 1 o sta tio n w a q o n has high le v e ls of lu x u ry and e co n o m y 
Datsun offers new models 

THE 5-SPEED SO PSX is D atsun'* first e n try in the sports cou pe field 

A sports tor xvii Ii everything except a sports ear price? That's 

 what Datsun is calling the all-new 
2oo-SX sporty compact. 

How about a liixurs ear with the engine 
••I the famed *24o-7? That s Datsun s new 
Kill series — the tup of tile line model III sedan and station wagon versions. 
These are the newest Datsuns lo be ap­ pearing at The Calmbach Co. i i i San An­ tonio. 
The four-door Kin sedan has a basic list 

 price of $5,o99. the 81o wagon is $5,499 and the ‘2oo-SX is $4,399 
The ‘2oo-SX is a specialty car available only as a two-door hardtop It’s a fastback with a chopped rear end. a 1952cc over­ head-cam engine and a standard five- speed transmission 
Despite a relatively short wheelbase 
<92-molies) the 2oo-SX has a long and low look accentuated by a unique “ character line’’ treatment. 
The 81o is a luxury sedan ii i the sports/touring tradition which replaces the OKI series in the Datsun lineup ll is 

 powered by Datsun's race-proven, fuel injected y-eylinder 24o-Z engine. 

Standard equipment on the SIO includes such features as a six-way adjustable d riv e r’s seal, quart/ d igital clock. 
.W I/FM sic* *n radio, new vinyl and cloth upholstery ,..:d a rear seat armrest (on the sedan model). 

The 81o sedan model also features a fully independent rear suspension for the sports-enthusiast driver who demands performance with luxury. 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

 l l 

Make your best deal 
BEWARE! on a new 
Pacer. Pacer Wagon, or 
Hornet Wagon and ADK! will make it 
*253better. 

 r i 

L I 

VVfeVe extended our*253Cash Rebate on Pacers and Pacer Wagons and expanded it to include Hornet Wagons, 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER/PLYMOUTH 
ANNOUNCES ANOTHER SPECTACULAR 
$AVING$ SALE! 

HERE’S W H AT W E HAVE TO OFFER: 

• LARGEST SELECTION OF NEW 77 MODELS OF 

CHRYSLER/PIYMOUTH PRODUCTS IN THE 
SOUTHWEST. 

• PRICES THAT INCLUDE SAVINGS - NEVER BEFORE 

OFFERED DURING THE MONTH OF FEBRUARY. 

• COURTEOUS SALESMEN TO SHOW YOU OUR 

COMPLETE LINE! 

• PLUS — NO MONTHLY 
INSTALLMENTS ’TIL APRIL! 
NEW CAR BUYERS — 
DON’T MISS THIS CHANCE 
TO REALLY SAVE MONEY ON A NEW 
77 C A R - WE’RE THE DEALER 
THAT WILL MAKE THE PRICE RIGHT! 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER/PLYMOUTH 
“ THC DEALER THAT TELLS IT LIKE IT IS’ 
©PSN 'VININGS 
28oo BROADWAY 

Now you can gel a $253 Cash Rebate on your choice of three groat cars T he wide and room' 
Pacer Du.? till new P. cor Wagon Or tile I lard working stxirtiiy styled Hornet Wagon 
And yi >u ve got until M, irch IO to rn. ike yi 
* home All you have lo do is pick your car and make your best deal with your AMG Dealer, will send you the $253 

Or you can apply the $253 to the down payment 
Sorry, but no fleet sales or 
After you ve made your best deal, of course overseas military purchases 
I he $253 Cash Rebate otter is good on all 
. 
1976 and 1977 AMO Pacers Pacer Wagons and Hornet Wagons delivered from dealer stock by March IO or ordered by Februaiy 1o 

 are included 

TAKE OVER 
PAYMENTS 

AND ASSUME 

BALANCE 

Most Hove Power A Air. 

P a r t ia l List 
M oms 
73 MONT! (AMO $23ii 
76 THUMOftMD 
$639? 
76 KIKO Von . . . . $3162 
71 NOVA 
$1171 

$1167 
AA6M n t ; 
$4677 
$1917 
$3991 

 r I 
BUYER PROTECTION PLAN ll 

The only full 2-year. 
24.ooo mile warranty on engine and drive train. 

The only full I-year or 
12.ooo mile warranty protecting everything else on your car except tires 
There’s more to an AMC Pl 

 r i 
AL KOMRAY 
AMC 

I l l I S A N PED RO 

P H O N E 2 2 7 -7 5 1 1 

H O M E O F THC 
SWffCTEST 
DCA IS IN T O W N 

1 7 1 5 S.E. M IL IT A R Y DR. 

P H O N E 9 2 4 - 7 3 5 1 

OPEN DAILY TO 9 P.M. 
OPEN SAT. TO 6 P.M. 

737 FORD 

TeieNi^ 
V 
S tetted OtmU rn Ibm 
IR 
SwNtorf iv roe 
'ft PUMO I B IR O 
I door Hardtop. VA crime central, tim Im stereo tape, moan teat. alum inum . A u l t pewpr deer leek-, arr, clima!* t en lr ai pawer 
.lem m a Brake* veal* window* 
G rey viny! reel tr r y to»ury hi tartar ca rp a lia* tally leaded 
I I H I mi eeceilent condition 
H I H W 114 I IJ I i i FARB T IT rT ea v e mc* - TR 
CB mote Its m * 

•74 F O R D T B I R D take eyer payment* ne eawity call J alw slime 
.tee i i M H H H k •na widen” * J»ST 
UA Bt* I r,7rT*VTtto~WTr“V T ,JFI, *13 
B i t t >: I l l ieee 

'74 FO RD WAGON 
M a l M i, tea.tn* t a ve n y! 
B it t U e A l (P B d 
I t l l a tta r 
* JI 24*1 ay*,* 
IW Y Wit I w aien On# awiie'r " i i 
<.M eat *>oat i n t l I 424 24k# re,ll, A t * ii* I I I ) 

 t i f otto AL Coupe leek*, ran* yond M IS i l l JBI* 
-ftai a ; ; ~ r *T a n ; n r ? e n r 
.ociiiii * a* SIMC Attar J AB and weekends 4*4 4)1# 
TI ghUiTBATTyT-ITW TuB mi Salesm an aoli.ny Ce cer 
49* U lt attar I weekday* 
74 GRANADA. 4 Jex K ' mu*l" Ult 
Mewl am ti none* 
Com 
O V 
422-1444 

I ti* I m cinene Ohio 4 deer eelru 
(teen A met C a rli Only A)#di 
Cad Cita<it* Le,m e I i ) M f* 

 rn ion 

Tnt" 
R f 
Sw ltorf O f 

W LORO 

V 
Sweet**/ Otmis rn Tbbpb 
V 
SePBBUbf 

1*74 Gran Tar me I dour aration am toll pawer. lu v u iy interior 
Fender tkirt*, sharp)' Cod Ben 
Maud* 112 66*4 

447IS I BAS 

I),see com s i* ti* ) 

14 LTD Breuanam Like new 
U A M mi lauded Ak*-PM ttore, cru ise ce n tra l 
L is t 
D IB B , cote.t.ce at I I M JBI ties 

( I I TD Country lau ire Dvaaon t.c«u «n l cond SMS* 41) 7o)* 

 tutti * Bre ed Ie kelt! I 4S4 44*4 m B r o l TiiZ ir t iS T K k clean**! in ta w a ll Daly It ,BBS mite* Cad GUS ID 4*44 i TTn f T a n n r . a V l B e r l T i p c le a n .ti a San Anlnnta Wide to** k*«a* mB* swamis Very tow md** 
CMI 
I .utcur d 
Benn* ti 
III BM* 

S ilt* Cad M I M JI 
'ffTTb“ j <u; irrnr#.toi«~'SB power, tear window d«tio*ter 
.m il with ten interior. 14,6(4 mi fey awner. 4*S BTM 
\*H I T B I f i f t i Ira chan 6«* aw ner i j b B s , Suit e ric a C all 
Citer ne Le*me i l l BM* 
ITI TT T K T C a g r T y W 
* t e l l e al comm.v 
Bv owner nPedr* c ad »M WU* 
S U P t i t IB B I 

737 HHH) 

 owner 
12,666 m ile* „ ____ 
_ imam my a.oilabiv 
Cad 
Gut 
IM 6964 m ud 4 jo u r-GT O T Ke-v . Keo 
M utt tell enef W B S financing u« ancle ie Cad Leonard Bennett 
2)26664 

7 5 LTD LANDAU 
* deer auto air Ad pawer a m 
I M tiered 
... , 
*4l»v 
MtMPHM-L MCCOMBS 
(O D O SO UTHSID E test S a M ilitary kl 2-441J i ‘l l ILTIS, leaded ’T t i k f l B T f l T eacelienl condilien S4.666 mi 
SIMS SSS task 
’n i t s Ta ar re, Tied t a u i a o «7 
6*e,e ever a«e, lew nu cur 
44* *6Ik 

76 L T D 
Stollen ctuden lu au *** rack. ane owner 

DAY 4)4 n il n i m h i tket 

73/ FOBO 
737 EMI 

TITS 

• t is LTO Station wraaon. dual ro ar te a l* , load e d *) 
M u*! toe ripe* Call Leonard Bennett. 
M2 o*6* 
7T Hi v i n g K 
TO I M I 

76 Mavens Coupe $3289 
I door aute a ir 
V e ry low rn dead* i « Ira clean ce n 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FO BO SO UTHSID E 
ITB! S a Milnor y 62) 4)11 
M AT f i i f K m 
’ t y l ' l . e j e J 
Lew mileage 1)466 *B4 III* 
T r W lV T T l g y i TaBr’ t y lt m t lie air. radials S) BM mi V try deed cenditien O' lym ei awner 
411*6 441 1426 
T I Ud'v'ertck. T B s n ^ s n s r err, aide, new k r ts t),i6 t 
246-IIN la t v n ig f n ----------- stolider a heftier**' s n I I H 
~~~75~MlTfTAkcrK V rtyfOTl "*'" t i m 

•ti Mustang SSM Cad 
142 MS* 
11*1166 4 BJW. 
_________________ 
4) Mutton* California Speriah1 
Very clean 
B2A4ISS alter 
I 
4*4 BM I 
T ftT 'O T tM * * cylinder t»andari 
Good condition SSM) 6)) SBM 

{ 
74 M U S T A N G GH IA take ever pay m enu, cod John sump, MV 4*44 
IV ttU TT i a r U H I A V I leo jell wild ««li ut SMM *74 1)44 
>4 tAu'tland' lI T (yi koktifcmr aula, a ir, m a t t paw er 
Mew rep le te, k ra k e t G a u d **, la 
• Ii.,metei 
1)46* IJS 4441 i r w i r n i g lr e n a vi re p u ia i a e t ta n ra a l. n i l l , radialt, B a te r interior 
Am tm t i * i aa 1)446 Bo d y **a B U I, 
414 SAM «*et 
U~m U IT A K C ll Itta Paw mot! 
Mfd* am Beep tole ne. CWH a crud, rn 1446 i w i t 
411 BIM power SBM S*) M IS ofter s 

1614 M utton# M eek I A Rn e m stereo pawer steering 4 tpeed 
V t Hat twa. mot) ted one Cad 
Mr Bennett, M I 86*4 
I'F iT H u t i a n a ,~i T I, .r id in g ! a w n er, sm a ll v t, a a ta . a ir, power, IB mea *44 I**) 
' I 7 H u g T A 'k C ‘~i l k I ted new 
PPHM E * c l i e n t cond t i l (,444 t i H tJIY A H fl I 't a W air lift*) cad IS* *44S 
T f H S 'tTan'a VITH Automatic 
A I con art (on- Orca awner SD M ar E a M B iB f W i l t 

1973 MUSTANG 
V in yl tea eowpr, air. radial*. 
SIS** ar ketl alter AMI Mace# tin *44 MSS anytime 
>T H D T IW fl Ro'tlU 'tfc it c ylintel 
H oni a ra. 
M e w steer*** 
14* t i ) ) w m f k r f r i rrr>- T r » a n " 
M arried u » t it , d t*# r,.d Can me a m futon,. 
Bo* Puente t it M i l 

76 IA N C U HT.- 
'63 W k................ 
74 THUNoUMD 
72 KHO V o n .... 
'76 CMC hrkup .. 
CALL 
JERRY MUMA 
222-1685 
222-8611 
1o25 SAN PEDRO 

 rn-mu 

•TI PIN TO 
I 
SISO 
444 1414 
T T ’Fin to F o ily Load ed • One ! owner I24-6S4S ABS 8o54 
T* P lk t o 17,oo6 m~r»~~p*irlect. 1 
I SI,SM ))*•***I.___________________ 
H Pinto M PG 3 dr Hunobouf ! 
4 OM mi 52556 4S6-D4S, 
It P IN T6 Runabout, M-speed, air, radio, aood condition S lits I 
I 244-47B4 
I j 'Ti Pinto Rynoboul A ula', air, I 
SITTS 4SJ-SI7) after S p m 
I i F i n t 6 Puiiaboui, very elm I co r_J A G o n g 2)2 Bdl I 
1 
TTFiTTto v , it>out Siandard, on 
Rad whit* vinyl top Real beauty) 
Low mites 
Cicad cand 
SUBS . 
Mi-177) f ! PIN TO Runoboui, auto , oir, . radio, new tires and b atte ry 
Needs body work SBOO CSJ Okie 
I 
Tm 
-Pti m feuTTA Sg i n ’-T e r ; , 
' clean IM " , tinancina available - 
I CBM J A G o n o )))-B4lt__________ 
I ) P IN t 6 4 speed 1*oo enyine, j r*pl economy $665 MS )*74 
| T F FIN t o 4 speed iro F engine | rto! economy 
149 2674 j Ti PINTO lol'on wiuaon power tleenna and brakes, air. luaaoge 
I rack, new bret, 4 c l , automatic > 
Small equity, toke over payments 
I )))-*))$ f* Pint# a open 4 tad detune trim, lug rack ana owner, en { cedent cand JO mpg city, 2S mpg hiwov SIBOU. 414 12)6 j iii Finlo wagon, aula, air'!'low miles S16S6 SM MIO 
‘I i V-Bird, hut gundy, lull powei 
Only 14,o66 miles S4S4I Iud price ! 
Cod Jim Beyers M2 o**4 
: T i T Bird H u ll power including 
! tunrooi V ery low mite* Local i e le c tiv e s cer) Cad Al Guerre 
MYOSIN 
)* Thuderfcird Loaded_ s J>od ar boti otter Govt 
J46-4211, eves 
BJS IBS*, Soma 
TTTr f H U N D ^ h U B D Ic o d .j take over payments, ne equity. cad t rate, ABI IBI I 
'YI Thunderbird full Bower lac tory air. cit• utionuily clean SIM S am trode 62) M S) n r T Y S 'U a A m n r e r g g o T priced to tell w heietele IB B S 
(mooring available Call 
Stave 
Broomall •'7)4411 it Ykunderbii d toil* eguippecl 
Beauhlul car 
3) OOO miles Call 
Chortle Levin* M2-66M 
T l'T W U M T 6 f 
Bmior.,.onr7 
Muds. SD6S 214 4*S4 f w e g w n e V I F 'Ferd L T D . 37 
Hard Tap, a m , PM, Air Paw tr. 
SIBS ar B e t! Otter AA* IA U ar ' 
U S SISO ask tai Boa or Chris 
T T v m W W X 
T u Td’md 
In an. law mileaok Below blue 
M B L M SM U6-66I4 
1 
738 ilHCOtl 

"T T T S T r r n f f H y x n a w B 'w 
64*16 m BM I 

LOW MILEAGE, 
ONE OWNER 
USED CARS 

’ 7 3 F U R Y l l I e 
? * 
. p ° « , $ | r o c brakes & steering, radio............... I 

’ 7 3 P L Y M 
O 
U T H automatic, air, power brokes t steering, $1 ROC radio.......................... I o 7 5 

7 
4 
P L Y M 
O 
U T H station wogon, automatic, air, SO C O C power brakes & steering, radio... A J 7 J 

’ 7 4 C H R Y S L E R S 
T s o 
G 
O 
C looded ...................... A w W J 

7 2 V 
W 
* 
4 
9 
5 

 tu p b o /* Hornet ? door, auto- SO VI OC 
/ 5 AIYIL, matte, oir, radio 
A H Y j 

’ 7 4 C A P R I 
Lr*.” 
* 
2 
7 
9 
5 

’ 7 4 H 
O 
N 
D 
A automatK, air, $ O O 
Q 
C radio.......................... 4 

7 
5 
V 
W 
R A B B I T 
L I T 
$ o 
o 
O 
^ matit, aw, AM-FR stereo........ JLwfJf 
*7o CADn Gohxy SOO 2-door, 
/ A autom atK, air, power brokes I steering A $1 OdC radio.......................... I J T J 

171 D l l l f V teSobre 2 door, 
/ I DUKA automatic, air, $1 AQP power brakes I steering, radio. . . I lr at 9 

’ 7 o O 
L D 
S M 
O 
B I L E 9 8 j e 
O 
C 
4 door, looded................. 
^ w rn 

OVER 8o LIKE 

NEW PRE-OWNED 

CARS IN STOCK 

 lf y o u 'll g o o u t o f y o u r w ay, w e'll go o u t o f o u r w a y to p a y y o u bock. 

I hrysler- 
LYMOUTH 
TTY 

LO O P 4 1 o AT C U LIBR A 

6 8 4 - 6 6 1 O 

44 BM M U BS IS IM * » 646* r * li Can^nenial Mark IV White with while vinyl tap Body igadM wdh AM P m tope Cruise centre! 
Le a th e r in te rio r, alu m in u m wheels, alc 
I ) , Bd# m iles W ill 
Sd* I UK# id! M ise M I 4241 

12 MONTHS OR 12,ooo MILES 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE COVERAGE 
A V A IL A B L E 

I - I 
A 
A 
A 
I OOO 
QUICK RESULTS! I 

MON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
HATE CHANGE 

JC LINES 
IO DAYS 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— 
Saturday February 19 1977 
A 

746 - TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS BUSES_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

MATA 
CADILLAC 

317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 
12,ooo MI./12 MO. 

CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST ’77, ’76, 
’75, and ’74 MODELS 

C A D IL L A C S 

7 7 K 
T 
' *11,7oo 

7 6 B K J *1o,85o 
,7 . El DORADO 
/ O Convertible s i 4 O C A 
While White . . 1 3 , 9 5 o 

'76 SSS 
*995o 

7 6 S S S 1. .. *815o 

’76 SSJSiy^. *985o 

, 7 A COUPE DeVlllE 
$ O A O A 
7 6 White While 
. 9 6 9 o 

, 7 A COUPE De VILLE 
$O f C A 
7 6 Beige Beige 
. . . ? 9 7 5 Q 

• T C KOOMDO t f i l A A 
7 5 Blue Blue 
* 5 6 9 o 

, 7 C BROUGHAM 
$ q o O A 
7 5 Blue Blue 
* 5 2 9 o 

* 7 r «DAH Devil Ll 
) 7 1 A A 
7 5 Green White 
.. .’ 7 6 9 o 

 i 7 C SEDAN DeVlllE 
. . . A A ' 
7 5 Maroon White 
7 6 9 o 

7 5 S T 1- 
‘715o 

‘589o 
,7 A COUPE OeVltii 
$ A O A A 
7 4 Green White 
...’ 6 2 9 o 

'T O BROUGHAM 
SM M O A 
7 J White-White 
4 4 9 o 

I T A COUPE DeVlllE 
S O I A A 
7 U Willow Brown ... 
2 1 9 o 

IT’S OUR N A T IO N ’S PRESIDENT BIRTHDAY. 
ALSO TINDALL’S W ILD PRESIDENT BIRTHDAY! 
In Celebration: HENRY TINDALL 
Goes Wild Lowering Prices! 

’ WHEEL BASE STYLE SIDE PICKUP V-8 
TINTED G LASS, 
AUTOMATIC T R A N SM ISSIO N , AIR 
CONDITIONED! 

*4188 

*4288 
J J . I f l M I WbOERNE,TX. J . A o L i l l i A A # “ V V 
WHERE YOU CAN BUY COUNTRY STYLE 
*4388 

’2988 

’4688 

’2788 

’2188 

’3288 

*3688 

*4188 

*3788 

BUICK ELECTRA 
Green Green ___ 

CHEV Monte Corio 
Green-White____ 

FOR RIATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE D A Y — 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2 2 7 -4 2 8 2 
TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC— GMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO 
★ O P E N tVCNINOS * 
NEW ond PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! 
77 CORDOBA 

 t m M ercury Cougar XRT 
•.OOO m il** 
Aute air, 
Dower. stereo ........................... $$«»$ 
N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
1324 N E LOOP 41o 

'75 *Aereury Grand M orqui*. full power, factory air, one owner, 
Lew m ileage L ik e new S S lfS 
Will trope 923 2883 
73 M e r c u r y G r a n d M a r q u is 
B rougham , 4 door, A M -F M , oil power, split reclining »*at». under 
; 52ooo. 484-o344 il7 o M e r c u r y M a r a u d e r , A u ­ tomatic. cir 473-1735 otter 4pm 
1972 M e rcu ry M p rq u il B ro u gh am, 4-door S1788 tull price Coll 
Charlie Leyine 222-o984 
■45 M e rcu ry M onterrey decent e n g in e o v e r h a u l 
A u to m a tic transm ission, power factory air 
E (ellen! condition. S49S Will trode 
923-2883 
*♦ M e r c u r y M o n t e * " W o go n 
Very clean 595o 924 9514 
Ii to fc ftc iiftV d o n o r t h . low mileage, loaded Call D an n y Pe ter von 222-8411 
~ 9~ 'm F R C U R V 'M 'onTe-g oT o a condition, air, pow er steering. fee* 223 3131 By Owner 
1 Ii M ercury M onarch low mile*. loaded 1oo% financing available 
Coll Doney Peterson 222-8411 
Ii M e rc u ry M o n a rch 4 door. 4 
I cylinder autom atic, air, power, low mileage Call D u * 222-o984 
'/« M E h fcO W V W A 6 6 H . pow«« window*, teat*, lock*, ac 53/5o 
Sobel 349 4321, nit** 492 1893 
11 Montego 4-dr., vinyl iou, ex cellen! cond 524oo 458-7977______ 

1976 MAZDA 
RX4. 3 LEFT 
IN STOCK... 
NEW AND DEMO 
$5oo 
CASH 
REBATE 

• SOME HAVE BALANCE OF 

24-MONTHS— ?S,OOO MHE 

FIEF FOR A LT 

SHOP INDOORS 
GOOD TIMES VANS 
★ FORD ★ CHEVY ★ DODGE 
AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR 

? door. outomotn, power ond • air conditioned, whitewall tires #7158 
‘5988* 

CHRYSLER 
DEMONSTRATOR SALE 

Com plot* lino of Ford Pickups, Vans and Ford 
Courters, o|to inducted in this tote._______________ 

*77 Tic 
FVANY *6995 * 
•ALL V A N S PLUS C O N V ER SIO N 
1o1o SAN PEDRO 
A C R O S S P R O M HEM PHILL M c C O M E S PO SO 

2 2 2 - 8 6 1 1 
2 2 2 - 8 8 6 8 

Long wheel bote. »tyl* tide, gouge*, heavy-duty • achate* A rear step bum 

# 4 7 1 3 
7 • CORDOBA Green with green velour interior AH power copt. 
I! D O N ’T M ISS THESE BARGAINS!! 
A U CARRY NEW CAR W A RRAN TY 
BOERNE MOTORS, INC. BOERNE, TEXAS 

T O U F R E I N O . 2 2 6 - 5 5 1 5 
TOM BENSON 
IMPORTS, INC. 
95oo SAN PEDRO 
341-1356 

74o ULDSMOBUi_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ I 

 r o r r n r n j 
5995 
144-9773 ! 
4* C U T L A SS 
5995 344-9773 
'T T T O T L U r W . all power',' 'ole. swivel bucket **a t* Coed condi 
. hon M utt sell 344 99ti 
| 
48 C u lle t* C o n v e rtib le G ood trantportahon 5475 144-4142 
? 
" m T U T E X S S Ho. dlop. s i W 
Air, pawer, new tire* 141-2584 
Mi" C utlat*,"lauded ' Fair cendi lien 58oo 714 I H I before 4 p m 
C ullo*5 5 Coupe, 'TI, auto. oir’, I power, 11,495 47 3 4158___________ 
71 b l l Y l A i i S coupe auto. ewer. | 
IBM. dW A BIA ti C U T L A S S I M e w 'lire * anil battery. 44 oo8 mi 52o88 458-1491 I atter 5 pm 
" T i 1 C U T I A B I S U B B E D ! V t ~ power, air, tteree 51495 141-8125, 
I Mf-1441 
T T t P f L A M tU P fct k ili: ^.w ^r fleering, urns#*, air, super condition 11 )42S-OS15 
; 
■74 Y u lla t* Sup.amt- biotin, load ed. 515o8 713 -2894. 712 4119 
74 Cutlass Suprem e Brough.)rn. 
V I, autom atic, power, factory air, tilt wheel tape d e c * One owner Very low mileage in war rgnly 55195 Will Ii ode 921 I M I 
48 bullose Suprem e V 4 automa tic, power, factory air. exception oily clean 51495 WH trade 921 2883 
TS C u tla ss S u p re m e " V e llo w . brawn Landau top 15o VO, auto, air 
A M F M tteree radio 54458 
121-1819 
________________ 
'71 d U T I A S S S u p re m e , o u t*, 
I power, air. Uke new 499 o294 fi S u tta s* Supreme!, excellent 
< ond inside ond out. look* good drive* seed 
Come see) 51488 
712 4454 

 t t t o t l a h i u p i i m i t mu M ake paym ent* 224-4954 
TY T)*Wo" i i T o y'o Ie" *F owet**i> ii or v thing, air, vinyl reef 494 4129 atte i I 
TT' B 'eHp le v e l# l ^ d * d :"* w * T lent condition 518*o 715 5941 i m b 
! i i f b 'M V f R Y ifrl r 
Oelta 'N 
New hr#* Very ctean 
I Call Jim 415 144! 
TTTJrtFTTuiiiRm C ru K T rW o io n loadeO. m ust sell and will help hnance Com O V 4J11**8 
O id * C utlass' Su p re m e tot lo ir 
{new re ta il 15785 new 55o45 
Pileate party t i l 9**4, 455 MU 
T T w n ig i t t o s s t w i p up OUvmenl* 914 5424 n 5 r 6T 7 aW a"*T ^ 
2 i a i l 9t> aw power real mc*, M I 3584 
I tTTVU t g u 'H p o iT d p T y e aT, 

' B r o llet, A M P M tte re e r a d io 
I U 9545 495 o854 
— 
— m n s a u H B TfcT x n ---------- 
Ii I i i 1666 
I I N I U AH& W A I 

CENTER 

•71 T O R O N A D O 52195 im m a c u la te 
Ste re o , lo a d e d 
514 42/7 avenine* 
'75 T O R O N A D O new lire*, quo drophonic. excellent condition fully loaded 
M utt tee ta believe M i W U 

C o n h n e n to T T ^ F 'x M fln n irc o n d T ihon 51895 923-4128______________ 
Own a n m * luxury 1971 Lincoln 
Continental 4 door. new ra d ia l tires, shoe k*. and m uffler K ite ironic lenition, all extra*. Lik e new leather interior Well worth the price 524o8 453 3794__________ 

'71 C O N T IN E N T A L 
L IK E NEW , M I 3933 
'1974 C o n tin e n tal t o w n Coupe. ll owner. 19,ooo mi All eauipm enl 
Excellent condition 
82o 4155, 
o iOi 
M U N C O ', N M A R K III good condition Loaded M ust sell now! 
SHOO o24-8711 

1o91 Lincoln M A R ^ III Absolute ly im m aculate!' Extra clean Pol 
Iv equipped 
CPN 
Jim Be ve r* 

'75 L IN C O L N Town coup*. J door exactly like new condition, fully looded, all extret. angin al owner 
834 7573; OOI-OOM 

75 LINCOLN 
Town* Car 
Loaded. 21.ooo m d**. 5725o Call 
Joel 
D A Y 834 7311 
_________N IG H T MO 1o42_________ 

1975 Pontiac O ra n Prix , loaded with e v e ry th in o l 35.88o m ile s 
Real sharp! Will trad * ond help finance 
Com 
Leonard 
Bennett 
223-8o88 
1974 Pontiac O ran Prix. M a id S . 
11.888 mile* Will trad* Sacrifice f 'if'i» * lento*, 327 u>88 
1971 P O N T IA C O . d Prix. solid black E x tra cle a n !! IOO*,, fin ­ ancing available 
Cad 
Ow* 

VA N S 
1974 Grand P rix Choice at cater* 
54495 MI-1425 
‘73 G R A N O P R IX SJ 
I O O O .id. 
C L E A N 48.888 mi 52488 or best 
Otter 441-4494___________________ 
75 G R A N D V IL L E brougham . 2 I door, vinyl root, all power, datum* interior seoul 494 5144________ _ 
‘73 Oran Prix Extra clean! 52475 
*51 CSM otter 4 pm____________ 
‘72 Gran Prix J Excellent cand* hon. I owner First 51458 take* Ut 
C e ll F r a n k 
122 7229 d a y s : 
4/5 8945 evening* 
T i G R A N P R IX LJ 
Loaded, b la c k ve lve t in te rio r 
54895. MI-812o , eves o8o-8188 
T * G ra n P rix Looded W IP E 'S 
C A R LO W M IL E A G E B v owner 
H IW ar Otter 441 1474___________ et Gran P rix SJ Geed condition 
U fo 
Must tell tm* w eektj 
828-7741. j 
44 OTO. body com plete, g re a t cond Fred / is 7478______________ ; 
'74 LeM unt M ust Sacrifice' Lew mile* new h r**- battery, clutch 
A M F M SI9S8 or trade tor pickup or V a 487-o/54. 
72 L 4 M a n » Sport, A u to m a tic,! 
■dwpf, air, law r n 228 PPN 
1974 Luxury LeM an*. extra*, law m daae M IH M 
49 Pen hue Bonneville 3-door H T 
428 co ut vinyl lop R u n * great ; 
S495 494 M /l, 494-M U 
' 
77 Pontiac Bonneville Brougham 
L e a d e d ! I * * * m a n 288 m ile *. 
» 
!<w“ 
..._____ 
49 Pontiac Bonneville 4 dr . pit I pewee, need* terne undy w ork rim * load 5475 4114549 i i Pontiac Cotahne v 8. automa he. pow or factory air. new radial h r**, vo c a tio n a lly ctean 51495 
Will Irpde 921 MOI 
49 Pontiac Custom I. 74 enpme 
Good condition Air power steer mg 544 19/5 yr 494 I M I it Pennae I vee uh vt Ate. power tteeringbreht* 55/5 431 4878 
74 Pontiac G ran d P rix V 8. aa lemahc pawer teeterr aer. A M 
P M s te re * tape- le c to r*. m a g 
•heel* one owner Law mite woe 
JkSLSa. ii*!! * “• J 'S S liii 
74 P o n tia c 8 i t * 4 Prix Law 

74 
O ld * 
C u t la * * 
S u p r e m e 
B ro u gh a m C la s t T Top. pawer window*, seat. tilt, cruise, A M P M tteree 
O n * owner 
824 9545 
495 8854 r4T~5Ta* b e l k ifu iftm H I cir. 
B a s ic T I o n sp o r lo tio n 
N e e d * body w ork 54o8 ar best otter 
Atter 4, 498 O H I 
74 b id s Delta S I' 4 door, high m ileage But a real sh arp cart 
52795 full price Cap Al G uerra 
222 8984 
72 O L D ! 91, 4-door 14,588 mi ra d ia l w h ite w a lls tire s.am tm 
, stereo, I track New shock*, good 
; m e c h a n ic a lly D a y * 714 2o51; 
Nile* 484 5191 
49 O L b S 4 dr. hardtop iAint con aition 411 Oak Leat 122 9285 o Lb k 442 16 Excellent. 45.888 miles, 
351 
Setord 
Atter 
4, 
828-4488 
7 i T o n r ? i n r u 7 u r 7 i i e 3 S 7 T i r # new tires, ru n * period . 5495 ar be*! ofter 344 221J 
6 L M ‘48 Luxury ie J a n H e r* I* ated cor value, drive* nice, pood 
I condition, cleon. 5558 474 4o54 

 i “ 72 O L b i Et Luxury So d a * 
524o8 Completely loaded 4151441 
Like new radial* Call; Jim 
»F7>! OS l l Ii:1 8 ?"im i "exT'ra ctean. bad transtm sstep 
5195 
484-4884 u a i a t u 6 » i i e ----------- 
5135 or best ottei 144 n il 
Ti b ias b m .p c it iU : .nod con aition Call 7M 4377 
T i b ld * I p o * * w agon loaded 
53995 344 *773 
't i "b t B i 9 pas* waged, loBBaZ! 
53995 711 7141____________________ 
'II""b id * ' Rebuilt starter. volv# lob New ml pump. 51o8 *753281 
Y I bids I i bedeney Wife's car 
I 54888 1-482 *414 ____________ t« Old* Regency Coupe STiginol owner b e lt* landau root Iv SOU mi hi Hr loaded, weteur interior. 
C B mimacutet* condition 
1*5)8717 b id * W agon 
7 ] I Passenger", 
I Leaded, im m aculate 74)1 Bread 
I W P I i l l N E I-______________ 
T i keyate aaiuor . t e d ctnBWigm 
5*95 *14 712# 
7THmlre"VI WU* traclte Tog, 
A M P M star aa tape, powei att. 
■ H o d H T H 8*1 O M I ny i m t S M I* * Mew* 
I cA** l l s lo o * 

B A R G A IN 
5285U 
1975 f u r * 2 door Custom Hardtop. 
Loaded *4# n u, ss* ?*;* 
*7 B a rra c u d a excellent in and out, auto, oil power, aer. Super buy 585o 824-9259 
*9 B A R R A C U D A G ood con di lion 5*88 or best otter M I-1147 aWpf * pm 
7 ) D u ste r.'2 *o . m ags. A M - # M 
Stereo E x tra * 522o8 M I 54)8 
1974 B U R Y III 2 dr hardtop Low m ilPOO SIMO. 921 242/ 

1978 Duneboggy, Porsche engine. t Bucket body 52.588 441 M77 
41 Sprite, 327 C h e w orig. 4 wheel 

■ s # S S x i U R L # L J l a L m n m ^ ^ 

73 P O N T IA C H A R D T O P 51995 i deor. air aute power, tap* deck 
Cleone si in 5 A Con M ike *15 1441 
41 Pontiac L t M a a * Coup*. V 4, automatic, power factory air. Mb* new l i l t s will iro d * 921 2481 __ 
73 P O N T IA C L e M a n * * 
Assum e payments, call 924 tel* 
43 Pontiac starchier looks goad. runs good, 5188 4349314 
75 P O N T IA C T rons AM. OH. OU temoht oil power Il k JIM 
1974 Pontiac Ventura H alrhbock 
I d oor a u to m a tic , V I. p o w r ste e rin g b ra ke s, a ir, excellen t condition *34/5 4*3 Iii# 
7 4 P O N T IA C V e n tu ra 4 door, leaded lake ever paym ents, ne 
MierjL.MW jr"» « 4*1 3871 
____ 
7 4 P O N T IA C V e n tu ra 4 door. lead ed take e v e r p a y m e n ts, 

A D A M S T R U C K CO. 
N E W and U S E D 
T R U C K P A R T S 
»».»< R O b S E V t L T 
533 5181 
A L A M O W H IT E T R U C K S 
814 P R O E A N O T 
_____________ Hfr-iTH_____________ 

7 4 C H E V Y C ustom p icku p 
'» 
Ton, 4 cyl kid . pm tm sloroo. lop* dock with C B iu d * and on ly o n s 'P o n y C o o c h " c a m p e r men 
Owner m oving 
*428o 
4 9 2 H M 
■72 C H E V Y C U S T O M p ic k u p , 
'•ton, leaded. A M P M ste re *, 
S2S88 822-8113 atter 5 
7 4 Chevy C l * Von ISO. 4 attal an Cr Ute* conlroi, sway bor, 
B a lly w heels, r a d ia ls 
35.8*8 mites 49; 1/47 

72 C H E V Y Pickup. * whom dr. 
CcMCotdrpuHIo (U M B-PiBB 
7 1 C H E V Y P ickup, talon. Iwb. pawer stewing, brakes, on, Out* hr#* 14.4oo im sync* mater aver haul, new noun Excellent work trode 
SI2S* 
125)1781 Comfort 
<!>*♦» 
____________ 
7 2 C H i v V P ick u p , a u la re a l a te f H IP S 9 2 57174________________ 
7 * C H E V Y P IC K U P , ‘.tan, 454 load ed, c a m p e r sh e ll, tra ito r hitch SSM *, cod IS M E ! * 
75 C h a w a n A u l*, att. L W B. 
A M P M M ro c k stere*. U te ** OM m m f. M4-88BI___________ 
75 C H E V y Silverado, holt tan. aute, ate. IS.OPO wm 117 8483 
72 Cbaey Suburban, lauded tew mite ag e, excM tent condition 51444 

E x c e lle n t con d 
131)3 B efore noon or alter 5 824-4818_________ 
444 WO 
A L L S U B S 
Brgaboch Bqutpmont, 7te 1*2* 
B E D E L L T R A I L E R C O 1*74 
C loseout Sate on OM Gooseneck 
7 ;« j*r> !.?'?> 
‘Ii B r o n c * R a n g e r a ir, VE. 4 wheel drive pawer steering, auto, excellent con uilion, 12,8*8 nil 
M M * 731-9715, 821- IQI I Utter 4 
47 C 5* C h e vre w t w ater tap pi, 
3*88 ga l la n k . I " P T O pum p , tpray b g ' 31* 425)___________ 
C E N T U R Y W R E C K E R S A L I S 
Distributor* Century W recker* 
1481 NO A L A M O_______ 22 5 414* 
71 Chevrotet Pickup ta ten, M r, aute , 445 eng- eauipped lei goo 
I* " * c k Ironer 52954 24 Guosen cc * heavy cattle traitor, *2158 t-41^-39/7 before Sam 
44 Chevretet Pickup. giMd h r# * I owner *458 45) I H I 
"7 4 Chee V o n loaded. A M P M tao*, carpet, bed. Sa c ru m . Stets r n * ! * _______________ _____ 
71 Chevy dialer 4 wheel drive, 
PH. PU** 414*5 > 15tll». 
72 C H E V Y B L E IE R toasted 
I M M I H M tees 
?« C H I V Y B L A Z E R 
I ake ever pay manly, ae coony 
T M J P M M "» P M f 4»4S________ 

72 Sw ine Pit,* nordiua, VE, au temalK. air. 512*4 7)41*o) 

‘74 C H E V Y E L C A M IN O 
Take ever paym ents aa eoudy. 

715 42*4 
Best deal in town, Auto P a ir. home et ctean ca rs and trucks 
JHS Coleuro Se * Prank Lerm a 
He s 8*1 a deal yea can’t refuse 
*151441 
________________ 

71 P A N T E R A 5 S P E E O 
A ir, e le c tric w in d o w s 
I m ­ maculate condition 
COM 
Ran 
Walker 
............... 
51o,588 
N O R T H W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
IU * N E Loop 41o n i m _______ 

SOUK REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
B A N K R A T E F I N A N C I N G 

7) C H E V Y L U V p ic k u p , p it. radio, neater. H O Bum per P J M mi excettenl cond 119oS 7159448 
78 C h e vy p ick u p P o w e r, a ir, rodte heater Telephone typo C B 
S W I, StePSide *4* 29*9 
'/I Chevy pickup S N B , V I it a a j . 
.‘ a s s a i* ?* * *• • *-a * tm . .... 
75 C h e w pickup ta ton. 4 spend, can,par spec 1o1 Toot box. rack 
L ip d s i rn -1 i t * ________________ 

41 C H E V Y P ick u p , autom atic. v * c a m p s m j f r n k , 
1*41 I H E V Y P I C K U P 
O a r s arena, oh angin al SHM Truckle 
.. 
_ 
*4 C h e w pickup ' I ton, 4 cyl item! Econom ical* E xtra ctean 
_____ 
71 C H E V Y P IC K U P 42158 
Bed and while Custom Doc wee 

74 C H E V Y Swburhan 
4 wheat dx tended .......... 544*5 
74 C H E V Y Crew COE i ten Goony tended ,,.,,.54595 
74 P O S O P 258 
Super cab 1ooo*o ........ 51995 
72 C H E V Y Suburban 
E xtra iW x , tended 
,.., 474*4 
C.E, L I T T L E F I E L D 
A U T O S A L E S i i ! > 1 . M I U f A B V p p *151/91 
74 C H B VV S U P E S Cheveane i MF#. us! 
6IMI 
Can Ran Wutker 
45*95 
N O R T H W O O D POR SC H R AU O * 
IU * tm Coat «M 
III,.. !■ I. II 
. ■ — 
L. I III un . .I 
. 
71 C h e w ta tan pickup Camper t a i i i t U l 
__ 
1*7) C H E V Y it lo o P ick u p ,. 
C heyenne Su d or, tatty tee Ped 

 it C h e vy 'i tao Silv e ra d o It 

■It t e n n e v ill* C aup#, lead ed! 
51*95 Piue white vinyl ted Radial 
B r a * u n IT I 
\ 
71 C A T A L IN A J d*o>r m ust sell new! Will help hnance COM O V 
*151484 
Ctean 44. Lem ans, atr. pawer 

- 
“ l i m 
______________ 
71 P tre h ird E s p rit Atr, aute, 
A M P M star ae, iatiy wPeots. vinyl a r urn. 
___________ 
74 Firebird Formuio 4oo 
Suer thee enty 25,488 mi OH. note. ratty wheats, A M PM , C t Excel 
!*3*£ L _____________ 
1*71 P IR E B IR O 
. i S A g l f i - j u i m ___ 
74 F IR E B IR D relive with rotter ii* .I es and wa##** WW nota bn 
M M L li iJ a B a S y i i i - 'J M 
_ 
71 Per m uio P ire h ttd I M Aute 
••to 1 ne de a with e a lrn s 411*4 t A H / l t f K ) 
- ____ ____ _ 

TRAD E W INOS Aula S a le s 
•WE F IN A N C E * m i 
W 
A 
S ! 
*»3 »78 
W E B U Y S E I L 
U S E D C A R S *4 *o T R U C K S 
KINNEY MOTORS im B R O A D W A Y 
EIB 111 

JU HSI 
71 Cher r Cheyenne prcku# Leap 
N t i* if A N t i / i f t i 
4* C H E V Y C e * Truck tractor, tar saie e ic e iie a t caadtttaa. 
A * U M - d F l l l ) 

P ag e 8 -H 
S an A n to nio E X P R E S S -N E W S — S a tu rd a y F eb ru ary 1 9 1 9 7 7 

746 * TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL 

TRAILERS. BOSES 
_______ 

746 • TRUCKS A COMMERCIAL 

77 Scottsdale 

Tinted 61cm, Air Conditioning, 
Heavy Duty, Power Brakes, 35o 4 
Barrel! 
4 
Speed 
Transmission, 
Auxiliary Fuel Tank, Power Steering, AM Radio, 5 95ox16.5 8 Ply fires, Scottsdale 
Equipment, Camper Special Chassis, 8 2 o o# G.V.W. Rating, and more, large selection in stock. Stk. #7753o4 

Price includes Destination 
Charge and Dealer Prep. 

746 ■ « K S t GOMMfRCllL 746 - TRUCKS t COMMERCIA! 
TRAILERS- RUSES 
TRAW , BUSES 

SCOUT lls 
OUT 

NEW 7 4 SCOUT 
* 5 7 7 9 

7 7 SCOUT ll 
* 5 8 o 9 

7 7 SCOUT iS ia T rtT i.T -*" T” * T ' . * 7 9 5 3 

7 7 SCOUT 4 * 4 T ra v el* ,. * 1 5 3 6 5 ............. * 7 5 1 6 

77 SCOUT 4 * 4 , 4-«pe«d. m i sees 
* 6 6 5 5 

2 -7 7 SCOUT ll ^,4,^ r r v:d,™ 
,' doH.$l 5 o o 

I - 7 7 SCOUT counted o ff Ibt'prka'by'. . -h: * 1 5 o o 

P c ir H IC H V o ( \ o l h Scout Dealer 

A u th o riie d Oh 
W fo r fo rt* . Solo*. Service 

1 3 2 B A L C O N E S N O R T H 
7 3 2 - 2 1 4 3 
IxW IH-1o at W o n d erla n d 

746 • TRUCKS A COMMERCIAL 

U M W Lm m m m m m m m 

746 • TRUCKS A 

TRAILERS BUSES 

COMMERCIAL 
746 . TRUCKS A COMMERCIAL 748 MOTBRCYCUES SCOOTERS 

TRAILERS, BUSES 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
• EARLY SPRING SPECIALS • 

■72 C H E V Y 
'•» to n s t a n d a r d equipped $1*9$ 
3212 S W 
M ilita r y D r. 

74 C h e w J< Ion, 4-W D. lo a d e d !! 
828 6355 o fte r J : 494 o3o3 
•58 C h e w tr u c k , 327, 3 s p e e d , w ide tire s , d u a l-e xh a u st. 453 4721 o n e r 5 pm . 
'73 C hevy V on, 14', a ll a lu m in u m 
'7o In te rn a tio n a l 5-ton V an w ith lift 923 3573 
’75 C H E V Y V A N . 
C A L L : 455-2231 
‘74 C H E V Y V A N , fu lly equipped, cu sto m in te r io r , w ith T V , 5825o 
Sot. T im oe us, 221-2812 

•71 C H E V Y V A N , good co n d itio n 
V8, a u to m a tic 51975. 923-7747 
•75 C H E V Y V A N , m a g s , s id e - pipes, s k y lig h t, setereo. fu lly c a r­ peted, 49o-1444. 
•75 C H E V Y V A N , SWB, S ta n da rd 
VS, a ir, c u s to m in te r io r . O w n e r 
J im 484-4oo4 

‘74 In te rn a tio n a l L o o d s te r 16oo, 
25.ooo m ile s , o ir c o n d itio n e d , ex­ ce lle nt co nd itio n, has 
2o' box, 
224-5526____________________ 
66 IN T E R N A T IO N A L , 'a ton step von, lu s t rig h t to r o b usiness o r ca m p e r. $45o. 534-4465___________ 
International Trucks 
715 Sieves Ave.__________ 534-5471 
•48 In te rn a tio n a l T ra v e la ll 
________514oo C oll 441-4511_______ 
-73 IN T E R N A T IO N A L VS to, a ir, 5195o 934-7747 
•65 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L 
16oo 
L o d e s ta r 
2o' stake bed, e x c e lle n t c o nd itio n 
C oll 653-2139______________________ 

‘72 C H EVY VAN 
T o k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e q u ity , c a ll John S lim p , 349-6948 

'75 C H E V Y V A N , VS 35o, w in d ow o il a ro u n d , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
54ooo 923-4o77. a fte r 6 
IlP ilA U Ak 
MJI Ak 

A 
A 
P 
I 
A 
A 
A 
Z 
2 
G 
- 
1 
o 
o 
o 
o QUALITY ITEMS 
o DISCOUNT PRICES 
o LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 
GET THERE FIRST! 

928 M E R O W MART 

A C O N TR AC TO R C LO S IN G O UT 
L a d d e rs , to o ls , c a s h r e g is t e r , scales, felt, ro o fin g , p a in t B elow cost 
Feb 
22-23 
1927 
W 
C om m erce 
A ir c o n d t o r s m a ll a p t S H O , 
923-7214 o ft 6 and w eekends 
A ll in one com b, sin k, re trig , clee. stove, oven 342-o226 
A lm o s t n e w C B b a s e s t a tio n , b o w e r m ike, 5oft to w e r, a nte nn a, li te M a ke o tte r 924 2o74 jA m p e q 
V T 2 2 g u it a r a m p 
Io n a o w n e r, best o tte r 735-5o54 a tt 
2 
A p p lia n c e s a nd F u rn itu r e 
N ic e 
R e t e n g e r a t o r 59o, S to v e 569, 
C o m p le te D o u b le C a n o p y B e d 
5149, 6 D ra w e r Desk 529, D re sse r 
535. B e d ro o m , D in e tte E tc . 17o$ 
W est A ve IO 4pm 732-6595_______ 
B ab y G ra n d P iano, P ric e d to Sell 
595o 494 1292 
B aby Ite m s 
R e c lin e r, ch in a , old tru n k 824 9224 a tt 5 3o 
B ongo fo r sole 535 
924-4788 
B a rq a in 1 Spanish liv in g ro o m se! 
5\4o, d in e tte S25 458 4949 

B o r s to o ls , 3 w ro u g h t ir o n a n d b ro w n p la s tic 344 4433 

D in in g ta b le . F re n c h P ro v in c ia l tru itw o o d also b e a u tifu l F re n c h 
P r o v in c ia l b u tte ! b r e a k t r o n t , 
5276 D uncan P h y fe d in in g ta b le w ith 2 le o v e s , e x c e lle n t c o n d , 
521o C o ld b ro c a d e 
"H o s t" and 
H ostess" c h a irs . 58o 826-7o51 or 
826 4795 a tte r 6p m 
_____ 
D ry e r, gas, 575 D in in g set, solid m a p le ro u n d w ith 4 c h o ir s , 2 leaves. $27$ N ew E x e rc v c le . m o lo rd e d 2-speed $5oo firm . 2 K in g s p re a d s . R o y a l b lu e v e lv e t,$15, w h ite f u r , 535 
O s ie r m ic e e x tru d e r,S 3 o 492 1833 

L ad y K e n m o re w a s h e r, 2 speed, I tem ps 535 623-5595 
L a rg e C hina c a b in e t 535o 
__________ C o ll 481 ooo5.__________ 
L a rg e K en m o re m ic ro w a v e oven, 
625 5o19__________________________ 
2 L igh ted Showcases, 94x4ox2o, I 
A C u nit, 24,ooo B TU 6159 A p p ly 
V olley. 

D r y e r , S e a rs p o r ta b le , 
656 4344 o tte r 5 3 o p m _______ 
55o. 

D u nca n P h y fe d in in g set, b u ffe t 
E a r l A m e r ic a n s o fa , ta b le s , la m p s , r e c lin e r, s o fa , b e d ro o m suite E x tra d re s s e r, chest, bed 
R e frig e ra to r, stove, d ine tte. 
337 7135 
E d g e r, g a s o lin e , R tiu m a n . lik e new, 55o 492-2414.________________ 
E le c tr o lu x v o c u u m w ith p o w e r n o z z le , a lm o s t n e w , c o s t 54oo. balance due 
597.89 
C a ll 
John 
653 2121 
E n c y c lo p e d ia , used W o rld Book w ith y e a r books 565 Toppen gas range, 54o 344 46o7 

B e a u tifu l 6 2o c a r a t n a t u r a l m e d iu m b lu e s ta r s a p p h ire u n ­ m o u nte d O nly s e rio u s in q u irie s 
684 4)81 a tte r 4 

 lie d , K in g s iz e , n e v e r u sed , s till p a c k a g e d , e x tr a f ir m (W o r th 
548o1 co m p le te 5178 
In c lu d e s 2o 
^ ■ g u a r a n t e e a n d d e liv e r y 
U su a lly hom e 684-8234_________ 
B edroom set. 514o W a ln u t hutch. 
57o 4941356 
_____ 

E nd tobies, slate lop, 555 B assett chest and m irro r. 56o G in g h a m ca no py s p re a d a nd d ra p e s , lik e new. SSO 661 7979 

L ik e new re trtg . to r 525o, d in in g tob te 55o, v a c u u m c le a n e r 535, c a rp e t and flo o r sw eeper 
SIO, 
653-7585 
L iv in g Room Set, 7* » t i couch. 2 a rm c h a irs , o tto m a n , a il m a ro o n n o u q h a h y d e . e x c e l c o n d ., $29o 
Wood g ra in coffee tab le , 2 end to hies, 
$9o. 
222 3585; a tte r 
5:3o, 
736-6223 
LO V E S E A T H ID E A B E D $15o 
Clock R adio 342-9631 
M ahogany le a th e r topped tab le s, e le c tric e x e rc is e r, couch 8, c h a ir 
E xcel, cond 658-8147 a fte r 6 , 
M aple C o c k ta il R ound Table 554. 
4 8ox8 tra ile r lir e $25 733-o859 
M a tch in g p a ir of h a n ging L a m p s 
535 Q ueen a nd re g u la r s p re a d s 
$15 eo 484 2938 

B E A U T IF U L P L A N T S . R e m a r ka b lv P ric e d * 653 4419 
SISO, 4 b e a u tifu l w h ite o ccasio n al 
Tables 694 1754 eves 

B e d ro o m s u ite . 4 p ie c e a n tiq u e w h ite 
T h o m a s v ille 
F r e n c h 
P ro v in c ia l 
Cost 
51ooo Sell 
545o 333 638o 
B e d ro o m s u ite , 
R o p e r e le c conge, ro c k in g c h o ir, 696-54o3 
Bed. W ater Q ueen m a ttre s s , pod. liner heate r SAO 654 1949. 
B icycle . M on s 24 in. good c o n d i­ tion 52o 492 2414 
B IC Y C LE S F o r Sole 2o and 24' s ta n d a rd , 26' a n d 27' IO speed 
C all 224 8565 
23" B lack and w h ite d ia g o n a l ta b le m o d e l TV 598 
H o o p s 1533 
A ustin H w y 
______ 
2 b o w lin g b a lls w 'tb a g s l l a nd 
I4!bs. 512 SO ea. re frig e ra to r w ith 
8o1b fre e z e r u n it 535, 684 629o 
5ooo B TU room a ir conditioner, 
575 67 3 7776 Otter s 
B unk Beds 56o. C h ro m e D in n e tt w ith 6 c h a irs 56o, L a z y B oy Re c ltn e r 54o. M o y to g d is h w a s h e r 
52oo 452-21o5 

ESTATE SALE 

See M o ra n Ad U nder A ntiq u es 
F E N D E R , Super P ro , a m p 
69(F 1319 a tte r 5pm 
___ 
F ire and b u rg la r a la rm . 575. T w in bed 525 653-2o81_________________ 
FOR S A LE 
S m a ll size c o m m e r etal type ice m a k e r (F n d g ia ir e ) 
One chest type c o m m e rc ia l Coke box 
B o th g o o d c o n d itio n . C o ll 
512 996 3421 or 512 996 34o2 

F o u r Att c o rn e r b o o th s , u p h o l­ stered I ra is e d 4 in w ith tab le s 
494-381o 
_____________ 
F re e zer, 17 cu t i F ro s t-F re e Cold- spot 922^995. 
______________ _ 

M e d ite rra n e a n b lo c k v in y l lo ve - se al and c h o ir 
E x c e lle n t c o n d i hon 59o 492 2682 

R e f r ig e r a t o r , s id e b v s id e 
F n q id o ire , w h ite , 515o 494-1218 
R e fr ig e r a to r , C a ta lin a 2 -d o o r. 
W orks g re a t. SSO. 435 3372 
R e frig e ra to r, side by side, 18 cu ft 5155 G as ra n g e , e x tra cle an . 
56o 924-9591 

R e frig e ra to r, la rg o . 56o R a ng e . 
535 B ed, c o m p le te . 525. L iv in g ro o m set, 535 A u to m a tic w a sh e r, 
545. L a rg e liv in g ro o m la m p , 53o. 
M isc 337-8898 
3 54.5o R e s e rv e d R odeo T ic k e ts - 
,Sunday M a l SIO SO 653-5762 
R U M M A G E S A L E ! S al 
F e b 19, 
A c a p u lc o P a rty House, 7o3 P alo 
A lto Rd South San R esidence A s ­ soc 923 9852 
SALE OF T H E W E E K 
W a s h e r a n d d r y e r in e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , re frig e r a to r w ith side bv side fre e z e r, F re n c h P ro v in ­ c ia l tru n d le bed M u st see lo a p ­ p re c ia te C oll Sot o r Sun 494-3662 

S c re e n D o o rs V e n tia n B lin d s , 
F ir e E x tin g u is h e r , '« in 
E le c 
D rill, F is h in g Rod o nd R eel, M in - n ow B ucket 736-o352______________ 

SEARS 8' pool ta b le , I y e a r old, 
53oo. 533-o891, 533 5923 

M e to l b o rn , s m a ll c o tta g e , gas cook stove, d ine tte set, 656-8299 
M in i B ik e , E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
56o 492-2414 
M in o lta 7$ 35m m c a m e ra , new. 535 344 7o21 
M O N E Y S A FE 
C a ll 653-3o61 or 824 131o 
M O V IN G : C olor TV console, 5125 
J E a rly A m e ric a n P in e e nd tob le s 
$35 e a c h 
J E a r ly A m e r ic a n lam ps, it s I u p h o lste re d ro c k e r, 
53o 
2 S p a n is h w r o u g h t ir o n shelves, 81o each 494-2672______ 

S e a rs U t ility T r a ile r , c o v e re d , lik e new 515o 657 2375____________ 
SOFJk, 2 c h a ir s , a n d o tto m a n . 

8 F o m ily g a ra g e s a le . R a in o r s h in e 
5o3o B in z - E n g le m a n n 
( K ir b y ) Feb 19,2o,21 Bam h i d a rk 

3 F a m ily G a ra g e Sale s m o ll a tte - tr ie a p p lia n c e s , fu r n itu re , m a n y household ite m s F ri. Feb 18. 4327 
S un n yvale o ft P e rrin B eite l. 
F U R N I T U R E , T V 's , d r a p e s , c lo th e s , to y s . 2o19 B ro k e n O ak 
(n o rth end of H e im e r), F r i.-Sot 
G A R A G E S A L E . A n tiq u e s , hou sehoid ite m s, 31o Y ukon B lv d 
G A R A G E S A L E : M o v in g o ut of 
State. M u s t Sell O dds and E nds, 
O ld Books, O the r J u n k , SAT ON 
L Y 9-S, 4734 S pring H u rs t 
G A R A G E S A L E 
N o D e n ie r s , 
E v e ry th in g fro m Soups to N uts 
$58 P a tric ia (H a rm o n y H ills ) or c a ll 341 1584 

G A R A G E S A L E 
A ll th is w e ek. 
726 M e e rs c h e id t 532 2659 Tools a ll k in d s , re c o rd e r p la y e r, re c o rd s , e d g e rs , c a m e ra a n d o cces. new d ra p e rie s , e le c tr ic s p ra y e r, a l­ m o st e v e ry th in g 

G A R A G E S A LE 
Sat O nly. 262 E 
L u llw o o d _________________________ 

G a r a g e 
S a le ; 
4439 N e w p o r t 
Woods (W oods of S h a va nn o) Sot 

•76 C H E V Y V E R S A V A N 
E xe c u tiv e s Van 
51o,5oo. c o m p le te ly lo ad e d. V e ry low m i. L ik e new. 226-o291_______ 
C hevy VS 4 w heel d riv e , a u to m a tic , p o w e r, v e ry c le a n 
52895 
32,ooo m ile s 341 oo55____________ 
'71 D A TS U N p ic k u p w ith c a m p e r s h e ll, tip -to p s h a p e , n ew tir e s , b a tte ry , a lte rn a to r, b ra k e s , m o t 
H e r, se at c o v e rs 518oo o r b e s t o tte r. 667-1376.________________ ___ 
‘65 Dodge ca m p e r van pop top 6. sleeps 5 5175o, 494-5184. 
_ 
1974 Dodge Club Cab p ic k u p Low 
L W B 
F u lly e q u ip p e d 
E x t r a clean Coll Jim B eye rs 222-o986 
‘73 D O DG E P IC K U P Loaded, low m ilea g e 
S245o. 
Long 
W ide 
734-2o54__________________________ 
‘72 D odge p ic k u p A u to ., 6 c y l„ 
673-8854 o tte r 5 pm _______________ 
'74 D O DG E P ic k u p L oo ks, ru n s g re a t 52195 342 2o93_____________ 
'64 D odge p ic k u p 6 c y l s ta n d ., tra ile r h itch Needs rin g s . 5325 or best o tte r. 653-85o8. 
1976 D o dg e S tre e t V a n 
S ilv e r m e ta llic w ith blue custom in te rio r p a c k a g e 
A ll p o w e r, w it h r e ­ f r ig e r a t o r , b e d , s te r e o , e tc 
O rig in a l cost 589oo S a c rific e 568oo 
494-6144____________________ _ _ _ _ 
'64 DODG E Telephone tru c k w ith headache ra c k . 54oo 344-22o1 

‘74 F o rd B ronco 4-WD. E x c e lle n t co nd itio n. 
828-6355, a tte r 
7: 
696-o3o3 
72 FO R D C o u rie r w ith a ir. M u st se ll and w ill h e lp fin a n c e . C a ll 
Woody 433 1464 
'7o F o rd C rew Cab p ow e r and a ir, 
A -l co nd itio n. 52295 923-28o1 
73 F o rd C u rrie r 'a t cleon, a ir, 4 speed, $1895. 349 2274.___________ 
•74 F o rd Custom FIoo. V -8, auto p o w e r. L W B R u n s , d riv e s lik e new 26,ooo m i $2995 Itrm 333-1773 
1976 F o rd E-1So C h a te a u V a n 
A uto Iro n s , o ir, p o w e r s te e rin g , b ro k e s . C ruise c o n tro l. C a pta in s c h a irs aux. ta n k , A M F M stereo tape 
P riv a c y glass. 96oo m ile s 
69o-9467 
73 FO R D E con o lln e V an, sh arp 
225-79o9 
•73 FO R D E X P L O R E R . L oa de d 
5189o 225 6561; 696 245o 
'75 F o rd E x p lo re r, 1 a ton, Iw b, low m i 5325o 659-1265 
■76 F o rd F-1oo E x p lo re r 
19,ooo m i., LW B, pow er, auto., o ir. W ill tro d e fo r s m a lle r c o r o n d to k e o ver p aym en ts o r 57oo e q u ity and p aym en ts 673-o257 
73 FO R D F 35o w ith van body W ill help fin an ce C oll M r. W o o dw a rd 
433-1468 
_______ 

'73 D O D G E ' aion 
B E 5 T O F F E R ' 341 3933 
'73 D o dg e 'a to n p ic k u p 
SW S s ta n d , 6 c y l M a o w h e e ls , o u t­ stan d ing co n d ' O nly 28,ooo m ile s 
M a ke o ffe r 44o F a irc h ild L o c k ­ land A F B ; 673-549o 

•53 FO R D P icku p, VS, 1 a ton, v e ry good co nd itio n $75o 337-4349 
‘72 FO R D P icku p, outo. sm o ll VS, 
Iwb $1595 349-2674 

'.971 F O P b R a ng e r X L T 
A u to m a tic p o w e r, ra d io , h e a te r. 
LW B 826 9565, 695-8o56 
•66 FO R D 
6 S tondord, $45o 461-45tl 

•71 
IN T E R N A T I O N A L 
T R A V E L A L L . L oa de d , 1-ow ner, e xcellen t $1695. 
1115 B R O A D W A Y 
223-1549 
1973 IN T E R N A T IO N A L 4-w heel d r iv e c re w c a b p ic k u p t r u c k 
826-9565, 695-8o56 
_____________ 
•73 In te rn a tio n a l Scout ll 4-wheel d riv e . L ots of e x ro s . one o w n e r 
826-9565, 695-8o56__________ _ 
•71 IN T L T R A V E L A L L 
4o' F L O A T , 734 4648 
•76 J E E P W ogoneer 4-WD. 12,8oo m ile s . A u to o ir, p o w e r b ra k e s , s te e rin g . A M -F M s te re o ra d io . 
H i-Lo range. 
565oo 
735-3641 or 
684-752o 
_______________ 

1976 H o nd a 75o-A W in d ja m m e r 
II I, fro n t a nd re o r c ra s h o a rs 
Lug, ro c k M u st sell. 684-4oo4. 
76 Honda 75o-A. W in d ja m m e r IU . 
F ro n t, re a r cra sh b a rs , lu g ra c k . 
M ust sell! 684-4oo4 
73 Hondo 35o CB, E x tra cleon, a tt 
6, w kd oys 661-75o5 
•73 H onda 35oCB, 
71 H ondo 45o 
CB, '68 Suzuki 5oo 494-5896 
•76 H o n d a CB 36oT. E x c e lle n t. 
57oo A fte r 4 w k d o v s : 675-1535 
_ 
75 H o n d a C B 3 6 o T , 9 m o s . e xcellen t cond 59oo 344-1o65 
75 Hondo 36oCL ond 75o SS, m i. lik e new 681-3oo9 
H O N D A 75o, c le a n , d e p e n d a b le 
51o5o R andy 928-o8o1, 227-o74o 
75 H O N D A CL-36o. L u g g c o m ­ p a rtm e n t, 22oo m i. A d u lt o w n e r. 
5775. 341-2321 
________ _ 
76 H O N D A CR 125 
9 m o. old w ith F o x shocks# DG pipe, fo rk head. 34 C o rb . c ro n k , pistons N e ve r ra c e d , 9 m o old b e t t e r th a n n e w . L is t $15oo. 
S acrifice sa le! Too fa s t to r me. 
494-1597 
-- 
2 H O N D A CT 7o T ra ilb ik e s , e x ­ cellent co nd itio n. 
828-o636, 
494-7357. 
— 

L A R G E A S S O R T M E N T L A T E 
M O D E L H E A V Y D O T Y 
D IE S E L T R U C K TR A C TO R S 

HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1-798-3254 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L TR U C K 
S ALE S A N D S E R V IC E 
PO Box 411 H a lle tts v ille .Tx 

H onda 1ooo, 
77 G old W ing , 95o m ile s , b lo c k . W in d ja m m e r I I I . lug. ra c k , cra sh b ars. T o u r p ock 
W ill sa c rific e , best o fte r. 623-1784; eves: 927-536o. 
•71 H O N D A 35o 4,ooo m i, e xce l- lent cond. $7oo. 342-57o4 
•72 Hondo. $65o or tro d e fo r p ick- up of som e value. 532-o354. 
'72 H onda. $65o o r tra d e fo r p ic k - up of som e value. 532-o354 

Lease O perators W anted! 
3-axle T ra c to rs and T ra ile rs . 
924-7273; 333-5894 
1975 L u fk in , 4o’ fla tb e d 7o,ooo lb tra ile r, 55,5oo 661-3677___________ 

Honda S c ra m b le r CL 175. HOO m i, e xtra s, ex cond. 5485, 684-o525. 
H o nd a SL-175, s tre e t a n d d ir t , e xce lle n t co nd itio n, 54oo. 696-3374. 
JOE H A R R IS O N H O N D A 
S oles-S ervice-P arts 
36o1 B R O A D W A Y ________824-9696 

•72 L U V , new o v e rh a u l, b ra k e s , clu tch, tire s . 5165o. 344-2oo1 

K A W A S A K I D U N S T A L 9o3CC 
14oo m ile s 655-2111._________ __ 

NE W and USED B u m p e rs L ig h t w e ig ht to heavy d uty. F o r a ll sizes of p icku p tru c k s 924-6551-2o2 New 
L ored o H w y. 
_ 

K a w a s a k i 65o 
1968 G ood cond. e x tra fra m e , ' z engine. 2 h elm ets 
$68o. 73o2 S cotland eves_________ 
1974 K a w a s a k i 9oo. G ood co nd ., 
35oo Itll. 51895 656 7121 
, 

PRERFORMANCE VANS 

OF AMERICA 
C u s to m a c c e s s o rie s f o r V a n s , 
P ickups, m in i tru c k s , R V 's 
F ro m s m o ll in s t a lla t io n s to complete- Van C onversions. 
1o/22 P E R R IN B E IT E L 656 866o 

•76 F O R D 25o S u p e r C ab. L ik e new. C oll o fte r 6p m , 927-3729. 
1975 F o rd Super Cab A* ton, fu lly equipped V e ry c le a n !! C all Ron 
Woods 222-o986 
•67 F o rd S u p e rv a n new cu s to m in te rio r and p ain t, e x tra s , stre et, co m p ing 523oo 658-2313__________ 
'71 F o rd ' a ton, 36o engine, loaded, 
5I59S 333 6322 a tt 5wkends 
'75 FO R D * 4ton p ic k u p 
R a n g e r 
X L T , a u to a ir , p o w e r s te e rin g , b ra ke s 5365o 661-4511 
•68 FO R D *4 ton, 36o VS. 4-speed. 
$9oo 661 4511 
______ 
‘72 FO R D *4 ton, 36o V 8, 4-speed 
51495 661 3411 
•74 F O R D ] 4 to n , V 8, 4 -s p e e d 
$28oo 661-4511 
'73 F o rd Von C lub W agon pow er, a ir L ik e new ! 826 9565. 695 8o56 
•66 
F O R D 
V a n , 6 c y l. s td ., paneled, ca rp e t, new p a in t 
923-1238 
72 FO R D V A N e x tra clean 
826-9565 
695-8o56 
‘72 F o rd Van 
VS, a u o t, ra d ia ls , bed, c a rp e te d , p a n e le d , s te re o , 
$22oo 696-76o5 

 and Sun F u rn itu re , L a w n Ite m s , 
C lothes, G am es 492-2634 
G A R A G E S ALE 

673 
S O FA /c o n t e m p o r a r y gold a nd 
G A R A G E S A LE 

M O V IN G M U S T S E L L ! S e w in g 
M a c h in e w ith c a b in e t, 575 
Tw o 
C olor T V 't I p o rt 51oo I Console 
515o 
M is c H o u s e h o ld Ite m s 
684 844o o tte r 5 p m ____________ 

F r e e z e r , 
H o tp o in t. 
I2 c u I t u p rig h t. 8 m os. old. 5225 674 1951 nights 

FREIGHT SALVAGE 
B ent Steel P ipe 

F ib e rg la s s Tubs A S how ers 

W ater H e ate rs 
Steel Tubs 
Cast Iro n Tubs 
Sinks L o v o ro lo rie s 
M a n y O th e r Ite m s 
224-o672 

C A B IN 8 'X Io ', 3 w in d ow s F lo o r 
Id e a l f o r c o m p in g , s to r a g e 
82+248/ a tte r 4 
C a m e ra N ik o m o t. w ith I 14 L E N S , 
W ith Acces. 533 2495 o r $3+8513 

C A R P E T , S IZ E 1 l'* " X I 2 gold 575 COH 653 U S I c o lo r 

F re n c h P ro v in c ia l R CA co lo r TV 
518o, tike new f i t S i l t ___________ 
F re n c h P ro v in c ia l liv in g ro o m set 
5425, k in g s iz e h ea d b o a rd 
525. 
455 15)9 
S it C y p re s s tro u g h 
A ls o g o o d a te d lu m b er Chego 534 131o___ 
F u rn itu re A p p lia n ce s J e w e lry 
A ll A p p lic a tio n s a p p ro v e d w ith re q u ire d dow n p a y m e n t Colt Im ­ p e ria l T u rn 222 2227 41* B ro d y 

M O V IN G M U S T S E L L : S e o rs 
W a s h e r w ith S e r v ic e P o lic y . 
C a b in e t S ew ing M a c h in e , M o n y 
O thei ite m s 653 43o3 
M u s t Sell 
T e akw oo d fu r n itu re 
S tereo. C h in a a nd B u ffe t C o b in els, d in in g , coffee and I end tab le s w ith m a rb le a nd h an d c a rv in g , m uch m o re 333 3479 
N a tu ra l b lu e s ta r s a p p h ire w ith 
4o c a ra t d ia m o n d s in m ans rin g a tte r 4 p m 684-4181_____________ 

4 n e w F R 7 8 -1 4 ' s te e l b e lte d ra d ia ls w ith slotted m ags, ra is e d w h ite le tte rs , 5275 494-7389 

Now Is The Time! m o ke big 
M o n ey 
E a rth w o rm s 
C oll 

EARLY BIBO 

EARTHWORM FARM 
F o r lu ll in fo rm a tio n on p ric e s ond co m plete s ta rlin g set up 735 3574 

 w h ite s trip e $125 L a rg e p la tfo rm ro c k e r E a r ly A m e ric a n g re e n and gold H o ra l 55o S w ive l ro c k e r c o n t e m p r a r y g o ld 55o 
313o 
C le a rfie ld D riv e .__________________ 
S o o n is h S ty le B lo c k V in y l S oto w ith Love Seat $17$, S m o ll Desk a n d C h a ir w ith 8 d ra w e rs . $4o, 
E x e c u tiv e D e s k 585, S ofa a n d 
C h oir 5175 474-4545. 474 4787 
S pinet! pian o , d re n c h p ro v in c ia l tru itw o o d 924 2624__________ 
S tenotype m a c h in e . LaS a lle 

Feb 19 Sam til 
• Sam O ffice e q u ip m e n t and o th e r ite m s 37o2 B ia n c o R d ____________ 
167o6 S p rin g h ill. 

T e T f 
51oo in s tru c tio n m a n u a l, e x tra s . 
337-5o65 
S te re o A m p e x A m F m C a sse tte u n it w ith 2 s p e a k e rs . P E a u ­ to m a tic tu rn tab le , tw o A T R 2 ax a s p ea kers 349-2283 
S tereo S ystem T e chn ics SL I 5oo, tu rn ta b le , P io n e e r T u rn e r. A M P 
S tanton headphones, tap co e q u ip ­ m e n t C all 824-5o57 a tte r 5 p m 
H 
"T o w ie " 
S te rlin g S ilv e r, 
F re n c h P ro v in c ia l 344-6959 
S to v e , g a s , g r id d le to p , w h ite , cleon 51oo 655-9o97________ 
Stove, W h ite Ta pp a n Gas 
Good co n d itio n 732 4563 
T a b le t c h a irs . E a rly A m e ric a n , 
4 o " tw o L e a v e s . 2 w h ite v in y l c h a irs , 525 ea 341-2914 
T a 6 e D E C K Ak a i 16o5 w ith 4o topes 52oo 49+1158________ 
Tappan b a s R ange, A voca d o, less 
Old. 5225 
47+1951 

R ound d in in g ta b le w ith c h a irs , 
Chest of d ra w e rs , S torage c a b in ­ et, O the r fu rn itu re M isc. Sot o nly 
9-4 

G a ra g e Sale. 19 2o Feb 9 to 5 4522 
Q uiet F o re st, C a m e lo t ll__________ 

G a ra g e Sale, Sat and Sun 
5 4 ii 
P o n d e ro s a D r 
4 F a m ily house c le a n in g s a le , T ir e s , a d d in g m a c h in e , b o w lin g b a ll, c lo th e s g a lo re , la d ie s , m e n s a n d c h il­ d re ns. m o n key pod w ood b a r and stools, dishes, add ends. 
G A R A G E 
S A L E 
6 f a m ilie s , c lo th e s , f u r n itu r e , lu n k , d o o rs , s h u tte rs 
211 
S u m m e rtim e , 
T h u rs .-F ri.________________________ 
G a ra g e S ale I y r o ld w a s h e r^ d r y e r , r e f r ig e r a t o r , s te r e o c o n s o le w ith ta p e , s e w in g m a ­ c h in e w ith c a b in e t, m is c . ite m s 
M u s t sell 
7543 
P ip e rs 
C reek. 
68+2331. 
54o icings Ct Sat Sun v 6om tu rn c lo th in g , p lan ts, houshold ite m s 
M e n s 3 sp ee d b ic y le , m a ttre s s a nd box s p rin g s, s m a ll e le c tric a l a p p lia n ce s Sat O N L Y ! 9-4 
11818 
K in g s b u ry H ill, N o rth e rn H ills. 
P o rc h t a t : e le c tric a l a pp lia n ces, 

‘76 D O D G E T R U C K 
D-1oo, C a m p er shell 55oo e q u ity , o r tra d e and take o y e r p a y m e n ts 
Best o fte r. 655-4639 a tte r I p m or w eekends l l D O D G E V A N , c o n v e r t e d u io o J e rry , 224 o741 9 4P M, 

‘73 D odge Van 6 c y l., std., sh ag c a rp e t, c a p ta in ’s c h a irs , a m -tm 
$28oo 655-8485 
_ 
D R IV E IN TR U C K S A L V A G E 
P IC K U P TR U C K P A R TS 
2o2 L o re d o H w y 924-6551, 924-6552 
68 E L C A M IN O 454 
_______ A uto., $95o 344-143o 
•73 E L C A M IN O , fu lly equ ip pe d , 
*1695 
3212 S.W. M ilita ry 923-174o 

F-25o F o rd ** ton. 4-wheel d riv e , fu lly loaded, a ir, a uto a ll p ow er 
E x tr a g a s ta n k 
U n d e r 2o,ooo m iles 82+8481______________ _ _ _ 
F o rd B ro n c o '68 VS, to u r w heel d r iv e , a ir , r e o r s e a t, 51695, 
1-96+3777. Canyon L ake a re a 

•48 FO R D P icku p. 127 cu., excel- 
, lent cond 698 1137_______________ 
'5 5 
F o r d p ic k u p 
127 e n g ., 
I headers, cam 85o H olley. M ag 
I w heels 565o 736 1o62____________ 
I '65 FO R D P IC K U P w ith ca m p e r. i 568o 915 W S u m m it_____________ 
'67 FO R D P ic k u p , VS, s ta n d a rd , j ta k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e q u ity . 
I C oll E rn ie 481-3871_______________ 
I '73 F o rd R a n g e r '> ton p ic k u p 
R a d io , a ir , L W B 
R e a s o n a b le . 
A tte r 4 p m 
673 3997___________ 

 i '73 F o rd R a ng e r X L T ' a ton LW B , 
! w ith c a m p e r. 45,ooo m ile s . One 
I o w ner 534-9718 o tte r 5 

1976 F o rd R a n g e r X L T F-15o i 13,ooo m ile s 
F u lly lo a d e d w ith 
I c ru is e c o n tro l, a ir c o n d itio n in g , 
! p o w e r s te e r in g 
46o. V -8 . I rn - m a cu late co nd itio n W ill s a c rific e 
I 5475o. 661-4261 w e ekd a ys b efo re 
I 5:3o 

68 FO R D R A N G E R 
I W d td . 341-3933 
■74 F o rd R a n g e r X L T 
B la c k 
SW B 
46o m a g s. B F O ra d ia ls . 
P oer stee ring , b ra ke s. A uto s te r­ eo $38oo 688 3574. S II 5145 

'73 F o rd V-8 sta n d a rd SWB $2o75 
'74 F o rd 6 s ta n d a rd ' aion 
. $2o75 
74 C h e w loaded LW B 
52975 
2o2 New L a re d o H w y 924-2211 
I '75 F-15o S u p e r C a b, lo a d e d , 2 ta n k s , 29,ooo m i o w n e r 
545oo 
W ill ta k e o ld e r tru c k in tra d e , 
92+5217 eves, w eekends 
34 tt G ooseneck T ra ile r, 8 x 3o ft bed 5295o 532 4151 
1966 4ott Hobbs re frig e ra te d van 
F u ll I3 '6 ” . 1o-2o spoke, T h e rm o - 
K in g u nit. 555oo 
667-147o o tte r 
7pm.____________ 
'73 F-25o *4 to n , le n d e r b o x e s , s ta n d a r d V 8, 5175o 
C a ll T o m 
M cC abe 923 4353 M on F ri 8-5 G i­ ra rd M a c h in e ry & S upply 3428 
Roosevelt 
66 GMC h a lf ton, new V6 engine, tire s , lu m b e r ra c k , to o l b o x , 4 speed iro n s 1-995-275$ w eekends or o tte r 6 w e ekd a ys 

1975 R a n g e r *4 ton p ic k u p d u a l ta n k s , to o l b o x , a nd fu ll p o w e r. 
V ery s h a rp !! 
C all 
Ron W oods 
222-o986 
75 R A N G E R X L T F-25o. ’ clo n 
5425o 341-3933 
SAN A N T O N IO TR U C KS 
SALE S & S E R V IC E 
GMC, D iam ond-R eo. P e te rb u ilt 
381o rn 1o 
661 4511 
SC H O O L-H ighw oy D iesel Buses 
23o1 NO G ALITO S 
534 6711 
•71 Scout 2WD, 4 Cyl. $1375. R adio ond heater. 656 9o21. 
1969 AiTon F o rd tru c k , 46o, auto, 
$1,2oo. 1-629-2429 
____ 
'73, *4 ton p ic k u p 
82+9565, 495 8o56 
F u lly loaded 

‘67 N T O N W O RK TR U C K , needs som e w o rk . S35o. 533-5618________ 

‘75 TORINO $1995. 
68o3 So. F lo re s _____ 
'73 Toyota H i-L u x p ickup . Radio, a ir, 4-spd 
F ib e rg la s s bed co ver, m e ta l stock ra cks. H .D b u m p e r 
E x c e lle n t $2495 B oerne 755 4564 
‘72 T o yota H i-L u x p ic k u p Radio, a ir, ca m p e r shell. V e ry good con­ d itio n 
517oo. J a m e s : 226-o17o b efore 6 p.m ._____________________ 

■75 K A W A S A K I 4oo im m a c u la te , low m iles, fu lly dressed A M ra d io 
$875. 658-6798._____________ 
.. 
68 K A W A S A K I 
Needs w o rk . 673-4974. 
M u st sell '71 Honda 125. e x tra s 5185 667-1o27 
■74 N orton 8o5 Com C ustom Best 
Otter. Good. 734-6231________ _ 
•73 NO RTO N 75o In te rs ta te $95o. 
92+o177 e v e s . 
_ 
•75 N o rto n 85o 5.ooo m ile s , elec. s t a r t. H iw a y a n d S is s y b o r . 
734-8712 Oft 6pm 
P a r ts : 
C h o p p e r f r a m e w ith 
S pring e r fro n t end. Needs w e ld in g 
545 
J 
Honda 
3o5 m o to rs 
$5o 
927-2668 
________________ 
SAN A N T O N IO C Y C L E S A LE S 
K A W A S A K I Sales, S ervice, P o rts 
313 N A K O M A 
494-5254 
S ilv e r 197$ C B 2oo T H o n d a , s h a rp , 2,3oo m ile s , e x tr a s 5575 firm M ik s 684-3653 or 732-2143. 
1976 
S u p e r g lid e 
H A R L E Y 
D A V ID S O N 5,ooo m ile s . M a k e o fte r 534-1367 osk to r J J_________ 
•73 S u z u k i G T-38o 
L o w m ile s . 
W in d ja m m e r III, c ra s h b a r, lu g gage ro c k 341-479o____________ 
T H E S ID E DOOR 
U sed H onda p a rts to f it a lm o s t any Honda m ade M a n y 75o and 
G L p a rts W heels, ta n k s , se ats, and d isc b ra k e tro n t-e n d s . 5716 
M O B U D 
( C o r n e r 
L o o p 
41o-Bandera). 684-4749___________ 

73 T o y o ta P ic k -u p , a ir , ra d io , bum pe r, 
$175o o r best o fte r 
349 9S66 

W O W !! 
I i H onda CL 175. E x c e lle n t co nd ! 
Less thon 8,ooo m i New e ng in e, 2 new helm ets, m a n y e x tra s . M u st see to a pp re cia te . 674-59o6______ 

•VA N S* 
•74 OO O G E. 15 pass, loaded$425o 
■13 FO R D 8 Pass, loaded . $795o , 
'72 C H E V Y 6 s ta n d a rd 
. . . . 5195o 1 
71 C H E V Y 6 s ta n d a rd 
...5 1 3 9 5 ! 
*69 FO R D 6 s ta n d a rd 
.. *1295. 
64 DOO G E 8 p ass...................... *795 
'68 G M C 'M ig h ty rough* ........ 5695 j 
6831 SOUTH FL O R E S 

73 Y A M A H A 36o CC E n d u ro d irt bike $5oo, best o tte r 6S6-83oo. 
•76 Y a m o h a 4oo E n d u ro B ra n d new cond.! 58oo. 655-4828 

7 2 YAMAHA IOO 
$25o. 494-5487. 
E x c e lle n t c ond , _________________ 
Y A M A H A 35o, 1973. good c o n d ! hon $7oo. 635-841o eves___________ 

VAN S W A N T E D ! 
’69 th ru ‘l l m odels 
6831 S F L O R E S 
923-4211 

Y om aha tra il b ike 175 m odel 
625-5o19 
•73 Y om ah a TX-65o P ris tin e , 75oo m i. $9oo 684-2214_____________ ___ 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

 l l BM W R 75-5, good c o n d itio n . 
W tn d ia m m e r. $16oo 653-o3S4 a fte r 
6 pm , osk to r J e rry 

73 G M C a to n S W B , 4 W h e e l d riv e . L ik e n ew , m o n y e x tr a s 
L ow m ile a g e . See a l 62oo W est 
Ave., 9am to 5 p m 
_ 

G O IN G O V E R S E A S , M U S T S E L L l l R anchero 341 2998 o r 342-8983. 
G R A N D E FO R D T R U C K SALE S 
IH1o and W W W hite R oad 
_____________ 661-4121_____________ 
75 H O N D A 55o-Four. $1ooo C all 
822-o313 o tte r S a m . 

D o cto r's P e rso n a l 35o Suzuki. A b ­ solute m in t c o n d itio n ! V e ry low m ilea g e $595 653 o657____________ 

1975 H a rle y D a v id s o n , 12oocc 
S uper G lid e $28oo 674-329o 
76 H A R L E Y D A V ID S O N 2oo 
S U P E R G L ID E 
G ood m a c h in e 
$3oo, la ke o v e r p a ym e n ts 
735-6349__________________________ 

•74 H a rle y E le c tro -G lid e Loaded. 
A M -F M , W ind she ild , Saddle Bags, 
Cleon 1o,ooo m i $285o 1-625 7159 

'74 H a ile y S p o r tie r E lec. s to rt, 
Custom . Call 
653-44o9 

'76 Y am ah a YZ8QC 
G ood cond 
^ 3 7 M irn V i6 8L oo 3 JM JtM ^>ii>^ >^ ^ 

78o 
WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS, 

TRAILERS. MOTORCYCLES 

Buy Junk Cars Iran Etc 
A o rc o 927-3211-633-2o3o 
Cash to r clean c a rs and tru c k s . 
L o rry Cannon A uto Sales 
563o San P edro 
828 635$ 
923-4422 
CASH FOR JU N K CARS 

PAY TOP PRICES 
F o r w re cke d ca rs ond T ru c k s 
A l A U TO P A R TS 
222-1o11 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 

E X P R E S S - N E W S 
SERVICE DIRECTORY 
^ ■ § ^ ■ ^ ^ ■ 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 
TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 

C ar lie r ea, D y n a t r o n s 8 tra c k . I 
F lush sp ea kers $35. 684 832$ 
Cosh tor old clo cks, staine d glass. m usic boxes o rg a n s 648 1468 

 c a t a l i n a w h ite re trtg tre o z e r. ru n s good, $1oo 655-1632________ 
•CB 23 choztnei M id la n d s till ms box, 
1865 824 4481 
. 
CB ra d io. C opra 138 SSB. P O * "r pack 13 and 14 volts, D 1o4. desk ty p e $275 434 398o 
45o C hain lin k fence w ith I gates 
333 7191__________________________ 

I c h a ir shine s ta n d , I o ft tee stud io lounge 227 49J4 9 3+4 OO p m m on 
• f t 
C o lle ctor w ants G e rm a n M ilita r y 
•ferns. WW) a nd W W D in c lu d in g 
W egim enkn B eer ste in s 65 5 3841 
CO LOR TV 2$ 
Console e x c e lle n t 
C H B $158 82+9/ga________________ 
C O LO R T V , e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , 
SIPP Com 922-422$_________________ | 
C o lo r T V . G oo d w o rk in g c o n d i­ tio n $1oo 824-8768._______________ 
2 1 " C o lo r T V . M e d ite r r a n e a n . p e c a n w o od e x c e lle n t. S old to r 
$/So WHI ta k e 537$ 824 1695 
Com Dulo tio n B ae * oz G u ita r, b u d ! in phase s h in e r, e x c e lle n t co nd ! bdp, 1488 433-4343________________ 
C o m p le te K ra e m e r 
Soto. C h a ir, a n d Tobies, 873 »164 a ft Spas 
C om plete 5 Ion C o lem on self con dom ed m r c o n d itio n e r tor a ta rd e m o b ile hom e A tte r 7pm 456 8414 
IS c o n s o le d e a d c o n d . b e s t o ile r 
C o ll 473 3686 d r c o m e b y 
8 /o7 F lin t v o lle y 
| 
Cooler 12 v a il to r PU V on C o m p ar 
Sidles sunshades le i D odge v a n s 
T h re e p ass V a n s e a t b lu e w ith a rm s K ennedy 7 d ra w e r tool box w ith tools 
735-6228 o n 6PM or w eak ends________________________ 
C o rn in g W a re e le c t r ic ra n g e , h a rv e s t gold, set! c le a n in g oven, 2 y r s o ld . e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n 
69+2687 o tte r 5 38_______________ 
C o u c h , c e tte e t a b le , c h a ir , d re sser, k itc h e n tab le , g irt s b ike 
342 $534 i l l D o w n V iew _________ 
D a rk O ak. O ld R o un d T a ble, In 
G ood C o n d itio n M a k e R e a so n a btpaW dc. m m 

O ES K E x e c u tiv e w ooden, 72x36. w ith h id tib d c k ch a ir 344 e fts 

Desks! Desks! Desks! 
O ak. W a ln u t. M e ta l 
E x e c u tiv e , 
S e c re ta ry . S tudent . h u g e se lee lie n 
$49 $8 o n d up 
A ls o G oo d s e le c tio n o f F IL E C A R IN E TS. 
I I H jo s s * Md 
I U I H I . I U HMH 
Desk, sw ive l c h a ir, tilin g c a bin e t. 
Solid m a p le s m a lt te a ro o m set 
357 M a g nu m p istol 684 2192 ____ 

1 8" a th u R p i B la c fc a n d W h ile p o rta b le TV (re c e iid iiio n e d ) $58 
Hupps 1533 A u sim H w y 
____ t i d iag o na l 2#m th co lor console 
TV. m e a tie rra n e n d ca oin e ! Repo 
$498 HOPP S t i l l A u s im H w y _ _ 

D ish w a she r m aple ch ef SSS mood c . 'id Q ueen s u e m e ta l tra m # s i J 
ZMi I L ake Louise 

8 OOO gallons, s k id m o u n te d la n k , 
334 4213 
G arag e S ale 1 Sat A Sun L ittle b tl 
OI ever vin in g 32o T e rre ll A ve. 
G A R A G E S A LE 
M o v in g . S ellin g 
F u r n it u r e C lo th e s . T o y s . E tc 
1o/o7 L ands Run 494 o3o2 
G AS S T O V E , C A L O R IC , w h ile , good co n d itio n $25 73+2912 

OFFICE FUBNITUBE 
E v e ry th in g M u st Go 
D esks, C h airs, C redenzas 
C ubicles. E tc. 
I to 4 D a ily 
2o5 E. Travis, 73o-2896 

O ffic e fu r n itu r e , d in in g c h a irs , b ed ro om s m it, 922-3963 

G E I9 ‘2 doo r re frig e ra to r fre e z e r, pood c o n d itio n , $2oo 344 7878 
G e n e ra l E le c t r ic w a s h e r a n d d ry e r, V a y rs old. e x c e lle n t con a itio n $258 681 1931____________ _ 
G ib s o n 24 c u t i r e t e n g e r a t o r tre a te r, fro s t tre e 2 d r. w h ite 3 y rs did $17 5 344-412$____________ 
GO C A R T , c h ro m e H o m e , e x tra t ir e * . 
G e e d c o n d it io n $368 
SSI OOH o tte r 5pm 

O ft w h ite co n te m p o i a ry io ta ana lo veseol $3oo 456 4424___________ 
O ld O ak Ic e B o x , Q ue e n A n n e 
B o lte l 
C am e l 
B ack 
T ru n k . 
492 1898 
Old tim e w h ite b ath tu b , e xce lle n t cO hdibdh 422-1514 
One c a ro l lo dv s so lita ire a tte r 
4 684 4181 
'O R IE N T A L RUG 9x 12. o au am ar 

 tha n one y r nights______________________ 
T h e E s ta te o t V ic t o r ! a V o n 
M oogenhuvte. M a rq u is A pts 1o4$ 
S h o o k , o p t 1o4 
S a tu rd a y a n d 
S u n d a y , F a b 
19-2o, I to $ p m 
C o stum e le w e try , b e d ro o m , d in ­ in g o nd liv in g ro o m fu r n itu r e 
S ilve r p la te d h o llo w w a re and k it ­ c h en w a re Cash o nly N o C h ild re n 
BlpO M . 

 tu r k is h han d c a rv e d c a m e l b a r, 
P opa-san c h a ir w ith o tto m a n. 
R attan s w ive l c h o ir 432 $278 tu r n ta b le , D u a l l i t 8 e x c e lle n t 
(o n d lllo n 
835 8V4)____________ 
T u ra ta b le 
I a rk d isc o ta b le . I technics HOO. 648 3511 C h ris t w in T e d s - c h e * ! o i d r a w e r s , desk, b o t s p rin g s m a ttre s s 
696-1592 

Two L bs P au l C ustom e ‘t i a nd W m odels e x c e lle n t co n d itio n co ll 
342 7293 
U N IT E D F R E IG H T S ALE S 
No I 
....................... 1o4 E L A M A R 
No I 
1o41o P E R R IN B E IT E L 
Fine F u rn itu re 
F ro c h o n of re lo tl 
U n u s e d ic e c re a m p a r lo r ty p e 

 clothes, shoes, m isc. 5 cents and up 1o7 W o o dw a rd 224 o245 

 p 6 r c h S ALE 
T V ’ s, fu r n itu r e , s ilv e r , d is h e s , c lo th in g , a n d w h a tn o ts 
2o4 
R E G IN A 

BUMMAGE SALE 
W O R LD W ID E 
C H U R C H O F GOO 
Sun F e b .2o, Bom 8pm 
8oo N L ex in g to n 
( I b lock n o rth of IH 35) 
A pp lia n ces, m u s ic a l in s tru m e n ts 
Household ite m s, b on d c ro fts 
M O R E 
Com e in o nd b ro w se 
B A R G A IN S G A L O R E 

93o MfflCHMmisi pum a 

A ntiques, A p p lia n ce s. F u rn itu re 

WE PAY MORE 

534 - BUSINESS DIRECTOR! 

A D D IT IO N S 

/u r m H o n s ^ m T T e m ^ d e T m ^ T ^ 
•astic savings. C a ll m e 924-78o8 
R e lia b le c A R l » E N t E R S A d d r 
[ tio n s , c o n c r o le . g e n e r a l r e m o d e lin g 
R e a s o n a b le e s ­ tim a te s 436-oo97 a tte r 6pm 

C A R P E N T R Y 

 a c o m p le te r e p a ir s e rv lc p -c a r- g e n try , re m o d e lin g 657-412o 
A il ty p e s c a rp e n try w o rk 
A ls o r o o fin g , p a in tin g , s a tis fa c tio n g ua ra nte ed 
No iota too sm a ll 
65+5573. 

F E N C IN G 

F re e Fence E s tim a te s B oth wood o n d c h a in lin k 
F A R M E R 'S 
F E N C E CO 622-9511 o r 673-4337 

P L U M B IN G 

F IR E & B R Q W OOD 

REMODELING c o m p l e t e f i n a n c i n g 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 

C & S LUMBER 
4647 R O O S E V E LT 
92+8556, 924-85*7 

G o lf' c lu b s s ta rte r set. M o te a lo ! O vol Tables w ith 4 ch airs, in i v A im stan d nut w o rk in g , *«» 
O le o shag ru g . B uto va w a tch, as so rted ciothes.655-5o14 
________ 

 in t h t r o m T tent s in . C tuna tlO O O j table. 57*. re c lin e r, fa ir c o n d itio n 
■ 
828. 65+6894 
U nusual pecan slob table m o u nt 

494 ll$ 8 

E states. A n y th in g of va lue tra m one piece to h ouseful C oll 
342-4755 A n y tim e 
E st 
1949 
B u y in g tote m o d el re frig e ra to rs , fre e z e rs n eeding re p o ir 
341 1845 

CAMEBA EXCHANGE 
B uy, Sell, T ro d e , R e p o ir 
5322 SAN P E O R O 
82+3327 
CASH fo r y o u r Used P lano 

A S P H A LT 

A S P H A L T R E P A IR IN G A N D 
I P A T C H W O R K We do d riv e w a y s , i g ra v e l w o rk . No lob too b ig or too s m a ll F re e e stim a te s C a ll J A P 

A S P H A L T -C O N C R E T E 
W ORK 

C A R P E T SALES ft 
S E R V IC E 

| ^ ^ ^ t le o n T n M ^ T p e ^ o T ^ r ^ ^ n g 
I ro o m , d in in g ro o m , $22 SO 9x12 loose ru g s 
$1o.5o, 
227-1986, 
1225-o3o1. 
I 

{IN S T A L L A T IO N 
C a rp e t L in j io ie u m T ile A ny s u e A n y p la c e 
{A n y tim e F R E E E s tim a te s A fte r 
16, 341 5289 or 341-1939 

^ A i r M 
A 
I N 
T t 'W A M g t t 6 
D e le tin g C a rp e t in v e n t o r y o f w holesale p ric e s ! 454 64o4 
U N IT E D C A R P E T i f l ' v i c f ” 
92+1o58 o r 22+8246 

T 7 7 T < K 7 rT 7 rT o u rT w rn T re s a ^ ^ tre es for fire w o o d 684 38oo fire w o o d by tru c k lo a d S plit, del o nd stocke d to r $25, 92+6926. 
F IR E W O O b to r sole, $4o a cord, 
O a k a n d M e tq u ite . 1-997-3141 a f t e r o 
F re e fire w o o d , n e e d c h a in s a w o nd tru c k 734-6675 

 o b b D WOOD, $5o c o rd d e liv e re d 
922-9641 
6 a k w o o d d e liv e re d $4o tru c k lo a d . 
696 1759. 

H O M E IM P R O V E M E N T S 
M A IN T E N A N C E 
______________________ 

B O T E L LO C O N S T P lk I ION week, 
F re e 
E$t. 
Low 
C o m m e r c ia l o n d R e s id e n t ia l: 435-43U 
W ork 
Room add itio ns. Com plete 
H o m e R e m o d e lin g o n d h o u s e le v e lin g H ig h q u a lity w o rk m a n ­ ship Lie 
1oo9 
F re e E s tim a te s 
TO M AS B O T E L L O . $34-o139 

7 D a y p ric e s . 

L A N D S C A P IN G 

F O U N D A T IO N S 

 condition, 
43+6231 o liv e green. 
$55 

I G reen couch and c h a ir R easona hie M I 141o o tte r 5pm 
G re e n h o u s e , 8 x i i 
I.b e .g la s s i ond wood, a lu m in u m door 
655 3749 
________________ 
G R E E N H O U S E 
C A L L 455 5/43 
1 4x3 4 $58o 

G uns 
3o3 B ritis h o ilfie ld , t m rn 
: p is to l 
7+2 
SKS 
W ith b a y o n e t 
I OOI-IWO. 
H A N D M A D E B o o k c a s e 16x4o. 
$6o, 
W ine 
R ack 
24x2$, 
$3o 
IOO >9oo. 
H o ve a F ire p la c e * M o u n t tro u b le fin d in g fu e l? C a ll Jo ck or Jo hn 
S 34 1 4 5JI b e tw e e n 8 a nd 5, a tte r ! 
I VMW th *p m 699 I lo t o r 654 6971 
H E A D IN G N O R T H / I F ire s to n e s n o w t ir e s . n e w . E 7B -1 4 , on c h ro m e re v e r s e w h e e ls 
C a s t I 
! $152. only $7o R o be rt, 456 9159 
H a ln e in ! w a s h e r d r y e r , v w lu 
I g ro c k , lire 78 IS 494 $896 
J 
5 HP sp ra y u nit, >88 new hose, 4 guns, a ir-le ss u nit. o il Oinks. $45o 
2 W heel e n c lo s e d t r o lle r , g oo d tire s , $15o M isc flo o re s c e n i lig h t li.lu .e s 344 1/o1 
(B M «*ic. in c ty p e w rite r m odel C 
C h e c k w rite r P a y m a s te r. H id e d bed 734 to to_______________________ i 
48 in 
M a h o g a n y p a r ty ta b le , 4 c h w rs , $12$ 9x13 wool K a ra s to n 
I ru g . lik e new , 1258 
L ew c h e s t, 1 
18.6o l l in high tee 343 2517 
I J A P R ifle , ru g s , m ir r o r , p a in t sp ra y e r, other 438 A d y to n ___ l l J E W E L L I llin o is r a ilr o a d w a tc h e n g ra v e d , m o d e a ro u n d 
' 1916. 515o 535 4 
5 
2 
1 
____ 
K E N M O R E 
W A S H E K a n d 

I O U T E R SISO tm bum . 922 9454 
K e n m o re w h ite g as steve , tw in beds, d re s s e rs , e th e r f u r n itu r e ite m s v e ry 'ta s o rta b le or m a ke utter 9o7 E th e e 
___________ _ 
* -fig s ..r b e d C a m u le t* 
M a tc h in t Couch a na L ove Seat, F ir s t 
52o8 tokes a ll 
ALI I 11 y rs old 
65+91oo. 
K itc h e n c a b .n e t o ld Pine. good condition 5125 451 4321 lo d v K e n m o re W asher, B e a u tifu l 
(Md Table, 6 c h o u s s id eb o ard and 
I c h in a c a b in e t 
V ic tr a la w ith 18 
I re c o rd * 342-57 7 2 

P A N A S O N IC in d a s h A M F M 
Stereo cassette 5/5 494-7389 
I pc S ilver V elvet S ectional. DOO 
COM, 534 9661 or I 772 3256 a tt 4,38 
I M ! _____________________________ _ 
; 7 p iece d in e tte set, $45. 3 p iece 
: d an ish m o d e rn s e c tio n a l co uch , coffee table 2 end tables. 2 lam ps. 
HOC *48 1 585 Oft IR M 
P IN N B A L L S A N O ~ P O O L T A 
OLE 
R E A S O N A B LE 824-MS4 az 
! 73+o61o 
P IO N E E R SX I M rec le v e r. I ye ar old P ioneer CS S it s p ea kers SOM loge thee or se ve ra l# COM 474-7877 
I g fto r I b m . 

P L A N T P A R T IE S 
34+3o32 
Pool m ole and slave, gas, ta r sate 
432 ooo7 
Pool Tobie G olden West N e vad a 
4 a«7tt $7oo 6o3 4223 

P o rt BW TV Color TV l f " R C A , 2 y rs otd SISO, 923 7oo7 

 od on old se w in g m a c h in e base 
$4$ 451-4233 upp 'dW f H a n d For sat*, be*! 
OWW 53+ 5o91. 
U p rig h t P tono. Sell tut • im age 
$45o 49+1292. u T IB W A v V 6UTV {T d rtA fii 
B ld g te rm * tro e d e liv e ry 
732 5171. 

22+7111 o r 27+11o7 
" d Ta m 6 n d 5 

Used Office F u rn itu re 
D e s k *, c h a ir * , ty p e w r it e r * , ad­ d in g m o ch iae s M o re ! 349 2*74 
— 
O 
T i f f T i P f i a m 
T g i i — 
C E N T R A L S E R V IC E CO 
7o7 W EST A V E . 734 4237 
M " V a rs ity S chw inn m en * bike, 
$7o Spanish m a h og an y b a r $13$ 
*41 $418 or o tte r S, 455+334 j Valeo tope re c o rd e r and m e n de r 
' Panasonic Sony B lo ck ond W hite 
M ake O tte r *54 2883 

W illia m s , 227 87o2. ISO E Houston 

TLI BUY ANYTHING 
T H A T D O E S N 'T E A T '!! 
C A L L J IM L IS T E R 
43126oo W o33-o14o 
Toe Cosh p a id fo r yo ur old new soaper and C o rru o a te d 
A AB C O 
H oper Stock O lS C a ro ivo 4)4-o*81 
W ik iT io 
A fr ic a n g a m e ir e p itie s 
A ls o b e a r ru g s 
R o ll to p desk M on F rL 736-2o78 
W a n te d . C h a in S o w s n e t d in g re p a ir, rea son ab le , 473-o729 
W IS T E D 

H o eing Go C a rt F ra m e . W heels, no engine $4$ *o4 5747 
__ ____ 
R unge 
G E e le c tric , p in k 
G ood c o n d itio n $7$ 
K e n m o re t u n it w a s h e r d r y e r , G oo d c o n d itio n t ill it46V eves, whenas 
_ 
R E C E IV E R S A N S u T w iln H U G E sp ea kers. $4oo / is oigo 
_ 

 k re tuto r, s w iv e l ra c k e r, A M F M ra d io cassette. I tra c k p o h u u i. dishes, m a re 342 9* 31 
_ 

R E F R IG E R A T O R 
F re e z e r. Au ta n ta lic W asher, ut p o rte d co n d i­ tion R easonable JZS 1959 
R e f r i g e r a t o r b ee zer m gogo 
>4 le u i t t g r d e 
87$ 313-o231 
R e frig e ra to r IO CU t i t r a it tre e 
H a rv e s t 
G old w ith tee 
M a k e r 
933-o99$_________________________ 
R r in g e r a ta r e ld, 115 
W a s h in g m a chine. $4o 7 B la c k and w h ile 
T V 't need re p a ir. $1o a n a $1$ 
733-oooo 
__________ 

 r e f r i g e r a t o r s fr o s t tre e 
F rtg td e tre h a rv e s t gold. 817$ GE 
I r e s l- t r e e h a r v e s t g o ld , SISO 
W estinghouse a p l size, tu rq u o ise 
SOI 
R A N G E S ' I fo e u u n gas a veca do . tio o , $125 M a g ic C h o l e le c tric a v o c a d o $15o W iz a rd gas w hile, 5o5 L U G G A G E ra c k , new $4o *5o o194 

W o rk in g or not w o rt m g re frig e ra to rs 
435 555o 
4/3 H I o____________ _____________ 
W an! to Boy 
U suable C u t! Iro n 
Wood B u rn in g Slave J m ort n o t s s a w ^ | % jj| ^ 7 1 ^ ) 2 1 l eve 
W a ln ut d in in g ro o m ta b le w itti 4 
* * * ***** 
Chous. E x c e l cond 453 836o 
W anted 
Arri F M la d le tra m a T i 
O ldsm obile 442 does nut have to be w o rkin g , p re fe r one w ith d e r eo hookup 225 SOW! 
W A N T E D 
O ld used G o lf C lnbc 
M iG re g u r W oods only *24 /8o4 

W ASHER A N D "DR V f rT h T a F 
___________J4I )V)4 
_______ 
W rou g ht Iro n fe n c in g h ea vy do ty 'SH 53 25 It >3oo lot 453 M38 
♦ « !l U m b re lla Tents co m p le te 
SS) 
HO m e to l fo ld in g c h a irs 
)4 eu or 539o to r o il 341 4274 8 5 JO rn m m m i 

 n T 
T T j n n r m e 
J r o n d 
Misses Clothes. Toys Shoes E li 
JIO S honnnun Lee 
*24 o)42 Sui 
Cl rid WW # 4 

 b a c k y a r d s a H T ” ------- 
S aturday S unday 
1*22 
W 
H er W M * 
___ 
C ontinuous cle on b r otter oven ond r o tis s e r ie , ro e s o il p o in tin g 
H o m e s b o o k s g a m e s b o y s c lo thin g sizes 14 I* etc 
Reasona b l* p rice d Sat only lo a m Per im B eitel n o rth oh 4(o to second ng h l lo lio w signs i D ul llH Tdfctd. e s w iv e l ch ou s for m ic a o ir h o c k e y c h e s ts a i d ra w e r s ta b le la m p s p o w e r la w n m o w e r and ie speed bike s *t 718$ 

We buy F u rn itu re A p p lia n ce s 
E sta tes A ntiq u es G la ssw are etc 

BEST PRICES PAID 
532-6641 
S II-3714 a n y tim e , *$$-4*34 eves 
JO HN A R O W L A N D B A R N E S 
L icensed and B ended B u ye rs 

 w r w r r a f H 
---------------- 
F o r Goad Used F u rn itu re 

FANCETT FURNITURE 
416 O d ta ro id 
237 *312 ; 
WH pay cosh to r rid e s shotguns 

We Pay More Cash 
F or T h ai Good P iano f h o t you a re n o t u s in g 
P le ase com M r Leon a ! 333+151 

And i f * e e iy ! Just cell us today end wa ll put your low cost ad in print. 

Tor e x tr a c a s h , s a il 

 t h a t s tr o lle r 
, n o w ! 
Call 225-1666 

A i' C O N C R r n T T u n 'd o tio n po 
{tie s. a s p h a lt d riv e w a y s P a rk in g 
'L o ts Lie Bonded 534-164o 
A lt Types of C oncrete W o rk 
I 
R afael, 924 7493 

'A s p h a lt c o n t r a c t o r lo o t in g p a ve d a s p h a lt d riv e w a y s C la rk 
A sphalts C all a n y tim e , 117-8185 
: C A L L V C O N S T R U C T IO N Con 
{c re te Slobs, fo u n d a tio n s , p a tio s , 
I p o rc h e s d riv e w a y s , s id e w a lk s . 
I ond a sph alt 533-8428 
_________ 
C o ncrete , a ll types,' ku m d atio n's. d riv e w a ys. p a tio s , c a ll d a y o r n igh t, F re e E st 735-1384, 732 7413 
C o ncrete ! b ric k and ro c k w o rk 
P a tio s , d riv e w a y s , fo u n d a tio n s 
{ 732 5614 or 435 4449 to t! R n ts a rd 
C o n c re te . P a tio s ,w a lk s , d riv e s 
A d d itio n s , W in te r P ric e s 
F re e i E stim a te s F ra n k 111-196o 
< :o W (? R tffe " "w 5 R K 
P A t T o T 
S idew alks. D riv e w a y s 333 3143 
C o n c re te w o r k 7 o a t io . w a lk s , d riv e w a y s tre e est 
J G u e rre ro 
974-7777 
D t iv e w a v s . p o lio s , w a lk s , 
I re m o d e lin g and m e ta l b ide s C oll 
I 937-S II* o r 927 5588 
J A L C o nstructio n C o ncrete w o rk o f a lt k in d s House p a in tin g a nd ' n i l ^ . .jr V n 'w n u n r J ln 'iS r i ro o tin g 
B est p ric e in tow n 
Lie 
“ T I 

C H IL D C A R E 

A ny ope L ic e n s e d T T s w e e lc 
222-2248 
B a b y s ittin g a n y b a y o r n ig h t in m y hom e, 924 4788 
B a b y s ittin g domTTn m y hom e f i r o il pees L om a P a rk 434 3448 
B a b y s ittin g in m y h u m p , L ie 
N o rth S tar M a lt a re . day o r n ig h t 
MI-5323. 
B a b y s ittin g in m y h om e W e e ki d a y s , so m e e v e s , so m e S a tu r- d a y's. N o rth e a s t o re o, 455 4448 
C h ild c a re in m y Hom e O elivie w - 
W o n de rlo n d a re a 343-o465 
C H IL D C A R E 
IN M Y 1 H O M t 
M o n da y th ru 
F rid a y , 
N E 
655 9738 
D a y tim e c h ild c a re 
R easonable 
922-3948 
L ic e n s e d b a b y s ittin g , m y bouto 
A n y tim e , any age U n iv e rs a l C ity ond L ive Ook 458-217* 
K eg c h ild c a re , ts p !, p la n n e d p ro ­ g ra m , C am elot ll. 456-9379 

O IR T S A N D G R A V E L 
F IL L -T O P S O IL 

A A F o o n d a h o n ^ K o u s ^ T T J n S J n fT 
F o u n d a tio n R e p a ir. E x p e rie n c e a nd R e lia ble. 822-171$. 
A dE Co n s t r u c t i o n 
H onest h a rd -w o rk in g 
F o r a bet i ter job, c o ll us, 349 2293. 334-o93o 
I 
A lt F o u n d a tio n R e p a ir 
I 
A r t y o u r d o o rs d ra g g in g W a lls c ra c k in g * C all $34-411o a n y tim e I 
L icen se d a nd In s u re d 
A L L PHARES 6 F F O U N D A T IO N 
R E P A IR S . Also S m all C a rp e n try 
W ork 
Att W o rk G ua r 
F re e E st I 
922-8424, j 
F o u n d a tio n re p a irs G u a ra n te e d I w o rk F re e E st 333 92o4 
HOUSE L E V E L IN G 
TH E IR IS H M A N 
3o Y E A R S E X P E R IE N C E 
N ote N e ve r ta k e the firs t p ric e ! 
133-9o51 o r 
234-2511 
R e lia b le m a n to do fo u n d a tio n { 
I re p a irs and house le v e lin g Setts fa c tio n g u a ra n te e d 
N o lo b lo ! sm a ll C oll 4$+$573 

^R eaT ^oT s™ cu^,a n 7 ^ n v T ^ ^ o rd s , 
83+2336 

LANDSCAPING 

L a rg e CAK ' R f I 5 E x c e llc n t (Of la n d sca p in g SIO eoch 684 3ooo 
W E H A V E P L E N T Y 6 f L IV E 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E 
1-875 +o28 or I-393-8361. 

L U M B E R Y A R D S 

Phil Echavarria 
Stanley Helmke 
Raul Perales 
SAY "C A L L OR SEE M E A T " 

Moffett Lumber Co. 
W H O L E S A L E - R E T A IL 
D ependable Since 1935" 
4o7 N Z a rz a m o ra , 412-71o1 

M A S O N R Y 

^ "d i^ C U s T o fT ^ K u T in e y ^ J n T T n w o rk 427-2oo2 
___________ 

M IL D E W R E M O V IN G 

H A N D Y M A N 

H A N D Y M A N 

A M a s te r C lu m b e r 
R e p a irs o nd r e m o d e lin g . 
C a ll 
R ic h a r d . 
732-541* o r 435-6669 

 b o YOU N E E D A P L U M B E R ? 
R e lia b le B onded 824-o791 
M A s t ER P L U M B E R W i Y h L&W 
O V E R 
H E A D 
$1o 5o 
H r 
L icensed B unded 653 3422 
We answ e r y o u r c a ll fa s t! S ew ers, le aky faucets, w a te r h ea ters, any ty p e re p a ir o r new in s ta lla tio n 
T e xas P lu m b in g Co , Inc 
41o A 
8 ro a dw a y C oll a n y tim e 826+587 

R E M O D E L IN G 

A C u s to m R e m o d e lin g a n d 
D e s ig n e r S e re . S A T C O . 
824 7688 A tte r 4, 82+o794 

R O O F IN G 

C & H ROO F IN G " C b We do I K I lob rig h t the firs t tim e New roots, ro o t re p a irs et a ll type s F re e est. 
SSS 1o39_______________________ 

C L A R K S R ooting 4 R e m o de lin g 
F ree E st 824 1832 
_____________ 
; I* Y R ‘I. E x p e rie n c e on C o m p o t lio n or G ra v e l R oot R A M IR E Z . 
342 781o Lie 

S E W IN G M A C H IN E 
R E P A IR S -S E R V IC E 

I ^ u o ro n le e ii w .-o a .T T e rv T c e T S 
M akes Fre e in shop e stim a te s. 
3523 West A ve . 344+671 

S H E E TR O C K 

^ P 'n ^ Y to a Y T n Y ^ tM tT o h e 'Y n S 
A cou stica l Reasonable. 534-oooo 

 ro o tin g b ->t p u c e in to w n ." L ie 
14*4 C oll 337+21 t o r 333 5683 

 b f B b L E F IF M h D riv e w a y s , pa tie, sid ew alks, a nd w h a t h ave you 
No ion too sm a ll 
H 
R A M IR E Z 
434-7794 

TRY MF! 
L ow o rK O S hioh Q uality c o n c re te w a rk Colt a n y tim e . M r C o ncrete , 
733 $6*7, 233 IH S 

A IR C O N D IT IO N IN G 

|H 8 W B T Ie 5 K h B ^ if ^ a rm it.u n rig 
S p e c ia l ra te s . C le a n , r e p a ir a il : typo s 7 Day s e rv ic e 34 2 o83o 

B O O K K E E P IN G ft TA X 
S E R V IC E 

U lv /M P 
E 
W m 
't ' T f t A l f c t 
In c o m e ta x p r e p a r e d in y o u r 

C A R P E N T R Y 

T T a r p e n T T ^ T ^ H e e T T T T o R t i am R o ofin g Ie F o u n d a tio n Nu 
Jo b Too S m a ll! F re e E s t 
A lt 
W o rk G u a ra n te e d 927 5424 

7 d a y d e ity 
D U G I T R U C K IN G 
I CO 
337-4244 a n y tim e $17 $o and 
J 
I 
B a rro n 
A it ty p e s b ir i sa n d 
I g ra v e l Y ea r ro u nd del 415 4157 
I T T l6 h l D fe L lV E l l FOR I F S" 
M O N E Y , 
534 2947 a n y tim e 
1 t i l 4644 
BT c T A N ' d A R D f N T 6 b I f l i L 
B est q u a lity , a ls o sand top soil m ix 
O P E N 
E V E R Y 
D A Y 
I 415 9229 . 433 1489. 
D irt to p s o il Sand G rd v e i I u.u’n 
Ray H e n d rix D e liv e re d 141 3449 
G o o d to p s o il b e l i e f ! ! 
E ven ond la m - lp m w eekends 
4J4 4534 
484 5o42 la u d in g riv e r b o tto m sandy loom ond loosed. 2 m ile s S u lt 418 on 
S om erset Rd. lo rn rig h t to H idden 
: V alley, 628 1199 
Ng s n r f B r r n BT t g-p s i 1 veg# tab le fo r rn top so il on y o u r tow n del a v a il 684 1873 
V li a ; - loom 
E lf N . iouW isM b. 
•» •**"*• * # « « • 
428 1199 t im Sot! 

H A U L IN G ft M O V IN G 

H A U L IN G A N D D U M 'b lW i... 
H ove 2 'a ton tru c k s 533-H42 
H a uling ant) m o v in g w ith iu tk u o tru c k , 67 3 5669 
H A U U N b -Ip p lia n c e * . fu rn itu re . lu nk. clean g a ra g e s 
Cheap 
33+3939. 

H a u lin g , m o v in g a n d tre e tr im m ing, have I 1 a ton tru c k , 471-516o 
LI GH r f i A UL I N g ' A tTD' m 61) IN S 
I piece o r house tun 
D ay or N ile 
A P T M O V IN G S P E C IA L IT Y 
] 
M i r t f m 
I 

MOVING? 
ChU 459-1179 

THE BEST MOVING CO. 
M O V i'n 6 * CoUogg MUROllL > y rs p ra te ssio no l m o v in g esp 
I piece or houseful R easonable, fre e est 
COM LARCO, 696-4495 
W ilt do m o v in g a nd h a u lin g Y a rd w o rk 434 ISIS 

Y A T 6 ~ W~g F K " T r ; V IV i rn m l fi"* - 

HoUSIWASHIM6 
H a ve Y ou r House W ashed B efo re 
You P o in t P re s e rv e s P o in t Jobs 
R o o t C le a n in g , P a in tin g , A n y 
T y p e R e p a irs F re e E s t 
G o r ry 
Hom e Im p ro v e m e n ts 341 2918 

P A IN T IN G , P A P E R IN G 
P L A S T E R IN G 

^ ^ ™ 5 o ^ ^ o T ^ o in T m * r? o h T ro c la f* 
F ree Est In t E X I 714-7844 
S E R W A * O I*, 533 7149--------- 
R E L IA B L E 
E S T IM A T E S on 
P a in tin g P a p e rin g , S h e e tro c k , 
W in d o w G la ss. R e p a irs , B u d g e t 
T e rm s 1613 S H a c k b e rry , h o p e r H a n g in g , f a in t in g W o rk 
G u a ra n te e d 
R e fe r e n c e s F u r ­ nished C o m m e rc ia l a nd R esiden 
Ita l 
R easonable 
Jock 
W ith o uts 
349-7922 
- I t R 
I T i Y o n i h D 'H T IH fl 
In te rio r, 
E x te rio r 
F ro g 
E st. 
83+ E M I. 

P A IN T IN G 

C hoice S o u t W l Lm e I 
P ric e s Can S pread 534-8873 
T o p t o f f , G r o v e l b e lly e r o n d 
S pread 
HW and 
NE 
434-1184. ! 
411 4115 

 r s r i f t i t : 1 t i t r e 
- b b a v r e \ n i 1155, Sat Sun 

................................................. W I— 

IT S E A S Y TO P LA C E A 
E X P R E S S n e w s 
W A N I A D I i i 14*6 

T R E E S E R V IC E 

C u t 
L , m 
H a u l' t i c iv 
F ir ',' 

41a n i l * ' or 

T r e r t and t h r u b i trim m e d ond cut down Fre e Est oz* l i l y 

Ti r e t and shrubs trim m e d or ta 
Sen down Free hau lin g 
M i n u 

We d g e T 
Cut T rim Haul 
D A V IS 7)2 IS I) FO LK S 
QQVs 
Trees trim m e d cheap 
____________ 924 492* 

T V R E P A IR S 
R E N T A L S 

“ T m 
5 S I.M A T E S 7 D A -r s “ 
Honest Low P rice s t ie oz** 

H u n e s tjo w p ric es 424 879* 

 y a r d w o r k 

- r ........ i 
A C om plete P o in tfn p D e c o ra tin g 
***"**• , r M I trim m e d 

 n th 
2 * • • Kn ib b le Y a r d m a n 
F lo w e r 
Beds lig h t H a ul G e n e ra l cw «n 
— ■ 
— -------- mg 224 446) 

L aw ns. C u r tr H b fb g e J le a v e ; 
P a in tin g is y rs e x p e rie n c e F re e 
V bcu u m ed A n y tim e $13 9*15 
E st Ne lob lo sm a ll Clean w o rk f rees, la w n s . Hedge's"' tn m m T T i 
>33 8329 or 31*9817 a n d H ooted Reosonaotg i i T oTzz 
; R o o tin g a n i P a in t in g f r e e ■ Y a rd W ar O r ae Irim n .u ig *, T i 
E stim a te s 234 2911 o r 922 7179 tilin g , la nd sca pin g M i |4 ^ . 

S ervice C ity Wide *57 4179 

N o t iK s iie h A I N T I til C 
P R ID E 
F re e E st 12* 4574 

BONUS AGS 2 LINES 
MART ADS ONLY- 
6 o a ts 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

 s 

SPECIAL FEBRUARY SALE 
14 ’X 7 o ’ H O L ID A Y Q U A L IT Y H O M I > 
I -bedroom s, I bath. Front den w ith hoi* and b e au tifu l b a y w indow . 
Fully furn. 
Fully carpeted. 
Air co n ­ ditioned, central heat. W a sh e r A d ry e r Included. 
> 
P R IC ED TO S E L L ......................... 
$ 7 9 9 9 . 

A M E R IC A N M O B IL E A M O D U L A R H O M E S O F S A 
IN C . ' 

S2 7 3 o S.W. M ILITA R T — 
9 2 2 , 7 1 ? ! / 9 2 2 -o 4 4 1 

HEIMER 

1 
2 
5 
- 
1 
6 
6 
# 
■ 
J 
H 
M 
P 
M f 
QUICK HBSULTSI 

HOH COMMERCIAU 
C A N C I L IA B L E 
■ WITHOUT ^ v 
R A Y E C H A N G E 
LINES 
DAYS 

818- MOBILE HOMES SALE 
81o MOBILE HOMES SALE 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 19 I 977 

I 
W A S H IN G T O N ’ S 
I 
BIRTH D A Y SA LE 
U N L IN E D 
J 
P IC K U P C A M P E R C O V E R 
J ^ 
INSTALLATION $5 .... -..- 

C A B S A N D T R U C K S R U N N IN G 
O R N O T I 
_________ 216-2245______________ 
S E L L I N G Y O U R C A R ? 
H i p r ic e s p a id fo r c le a n c a r s - 
T ru cks, etc 222-1342______________ 
■12 -’4 sid e b y sid e fra ile r, fo cf c o m p a r t m e n t a n d s a d d le r a c k e x c e p t io n a l ly c le a n 
$ i » ? s , 
533 3371 or 649-1566_______________ 

T O P D O L L A R ! 
J U N K c a r s , trucks, sc a rp 125 mi. ra d iu s San 
Antonio. 342-5o1o__________ 

I 
Before You Buy... 
S n T S llflrj 
VISIT DACBERT’S 

And see our GIANT STOCK of PIANOS A ORGANS af GREAT SAVINGS!!!! 

All Knob* pianos.............................. 
R e d u c e d 2 o % 
New Kimball Whitney p la n e ................. R e d u c e d t o $ 8 8 8 
Kimball modal 4oo Swlngor, lag. 4 8 4 8 8 * .. Kaduted to $ 1 6 8 8 
Kimball Baby Gtaad piano, Ray.<8884#> R e d u c e d t o $ 2 1 9 8 

M a n y O t h e r B a r g a in * t o C h o o s e F ro m 
D A CBERT’ S Music Plaza 
N O R T H — 
5 2 3 5 W a l s e m R d . 
6 5 4 - 6 6 6 1 
S o u t h — 
1 4 o o N o g a H t o * ____________________2 2 3 - 6 1 5 1 

F o r your C ar, o r T ru c k R u n n in g or not! A n y condition, a lso Ju n ks. 
922-3838._______________________ 
LIGHT UNLIMITED 

S S I I B R O A D W A Y 

ALL OTHER PICKUP SHELLS IN STOCK 
II! *2o OFF REGULAR PRICE IU 

8’ CABoVERS starting.................$1 5 9 5 
1221 B R O A D W A Y ________ 223 4283 

•W E B U Y * 
J U N K C A R S - T R U C K S 
A sk 
F o r 
C o rin e 
435-21o3 
D O G S — 
PETS 
) [ 
>K ) 
— ■ a ne - 1 ■■■■ ■■■« ■ 
. iw.ra.x.wk ^ 
V . 
1^ , 
| 
936 BOBS CATS BIRDS PETS 
936 BOBS CATS BIBOS PETS ‘ 

COMPLETE MoNRoBoT COMPUTER SYSTEMS 
Ideal for Sm all Expanding Businesses 
— Full Accounting Program m ing — 

MoNKo8oT Kl 2K COMPUTER, I IBM I 'O Seiectro typewriter, I magnetic card device, I paper tape reader, I paper tope punch, I I/O buHer, I 
Monrobot PO-3 odd punch.................................. $1 TS par month 
(Isa s* Purchase 6o months) 

MONROBOT XI 2K Computer, TWO IBM I/O Selectric typewriters, I magnetic cord device, I paper tope reader, I paper tape punch, 11-o buffer, 
I cabinet-short console, I NCR odd punch,.............. 
S IT S pot month 
(Loos# Porches#, 6o mot.) 

Numerous computer programs (additional ones available) and several thousand magnetic cards included. 
For m ore inform ation call 
Newman Long and Assoc. - 733-8118 

★ ★ ★ SA LE ★ ★ ★ 
754 • TIRES parts accessories 
3329 S.W. Military Dr. 
9 2 4 - 8 3 3 6 
★ ie it it A - ★ ★ * 
★ ' ★ ★ it ★ i t -k it ★ ★ ★ 
A r ★ i t i t d r ★ 
1 5 % to 4 o % D isc o u n t o n all 
M e rc h a n d ise 

Including Oriental rugs, paintings, period furniture, 
Oriental porcelains, chandeliers, powter, bronzes, Ipmps and lamp shades 

Auto a la rm s. R e a so n a b le p riced q u a lity w o r k in s t a lle d at y o u r hom e Coll 736 8335 
A A A K C S H IH T Z U P U P S 
M o le s, fem ales, shots 342 7o3o 
A d ora b le A K U G e rm a n Ih e o h e rd 
P u p p ie s, fin e st q u a lity , su p e rb t e m p e ra m e n t In te rn ! C h G e r m an 
Im p o rt 
L in e b re e d in g 
826 4756_____________________________ 
A d ora b le A k e Y o rk le P u p p ie s 
534-1653 
A fgh an H o u n d 6 m os. S la c k , b t a v 
S I M or best offer SIA 3386 8 4 45, 
333 o484 off 5. 
A fg h a n h u p s i f s 
*74 1785 
* A k C A T M A N S * 
P u p s > Stud S e rv * 344 728o att A 
A K C A F G H A N S . C h a m a L in e s 
*53 9*84 
A * f A fgh an s, C h Lin es. R e a so n able *91 77o8 

FOR FAST 
RISU LTS ... 
Place Your 
Pet A d Todayl 

Autom otive tools and equipm ent 
Atter 4:3o, 341-7o18____________ 
69 C A M A R O S S B o d y , 51 2oo, 
D o u g N o sh Su p e r T IO, 2 *4 N ic ke l g e a rs 5475. C o m o ro H e a d e rs SSO. 
427 Tunnel R o m 53oo. 658 8654 l | | 
ANNUAL FREE CAMPING SHOW 
J ? 
Sponsored by San Antonio's 
J P S w M w larges* Travel Trailer Dealer 
TRAVELTOWN TEXAS, INC. 

15o TENT CAMPERS ★ TRAVEL TRAILERS 
5th WHEELS * MOTOR HOMES * USED CAMPERS 
SPECIAL PRICES FOR THE SHOW 
STARTS: FRIDAY, FEBRUARY IS thru SUNDAY, 
FEBRUARY 2oth 
OPEN: 9 til Dark, Friday, 9-6 P.M. Saturday I -5 Sunday 
16ooIH35N. 
653-6711 
★ ★ Across from Howard Johnson's 

SA LE B E G IN S S A T U R D A Y , F e b ru a ry 1 9 and continued through Saturday, February 26 

Open Saturday 1oAM ta 5:3o FM - Sunday IRM to SRM 

WEEKDAYS tram 1oAM ta S. BORM 

M iss M o ore 
2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
C E N T R A L T IR E CO 
7oS N. F L O R E S , 224 5473 
•71 Comet, G T tra n sm issio n , body, a nd interior p arts, b ucket seats, tires, 696-8724, 696-1397 ___________ eh: A re d t in y U R Z T o J T o S 'T e r 
H e rs. Fo x T n rrtars. 4*1 3*o7, 

— 
- T T J l H U I R U I s '. W ---------- 
*23 7442 g W i M n TTE L i r a W T W C A T', fem ale 2 ye a r old. e m e ra ld eyes, double reg iste red *53 *339 c h 5 w ( W W l o ^ e r L C U w 
C how fa n c ie rs m atch, S a t , R e b 
J*th Intoi m otion, *74 oo41 r u rT ~ T n T p P T I ~s 1 > nit " a n d hair. 
C a i r n * T e r r i e r a n d M in ia t u r e 
S c h n a u z e r , R e s e m b le S c o t t is h 
T e rrie rs 144 *7o6 Ut 69* 1796 

D a c h sh u n d M in. m a le s lo n g h a ll; c o lo r , q u a lit y u n e x c e lle d ; b v 
C h T o u n sw a ld 
B r in 
M o tte 
82*o591_____________________________ 
D a p p le D a c h s h u n d s F o r S a l* : 
1547 VV M ag n o lia . 731778; 
6 ob«>t m o n P in sc h e r, Red. m ale, 7 m o s with p a p e rs 51oo 333-o19o oft 
5 3o all d a y w e eken d s_____________ 
D o b e rm a n P up p ie s, m ale HOO 
344 5778, 
D o b e r m a n P u p p ie s , A K C R e g : 
C h B loodlines. R e d s a n d B la ck s, 
Shots, tolls d o c ke d I 3/9 *3 *2 
D o b e rm a n p uppies, i l l I 11 w ks. 
A cce ptin g deposits. *53 t i l t t H O L IS M B ulldog. I yr old m ale with p ap e rs M u st h o v e fenced in y a rd 224 *779 

F e m a le 'Collie, I 1 < y r s old 116 
*9o 1583 f re t go o d*w h ir h dogs, J y r s old. b oth m a le m ix e d G e r m a n Sh e pherd, 454 45o8, call after 5pm 
P ra e 'p u p p ie t 'lo good h o m e ’"". 
*33-2/23 
I G e rm a n S h e p h e rd P u p s tor id le 
' 
N » P a p e r* C oll 51* o *4 3 
; Get m a n sT ie p h ird pct p i, A K C reg good bloodline 971 52*o 
I 
German Shepherd Pups 425 
922 2497 
G IV E A W A Y . I B la ck m a le kitten a n d I b la ck fem ale, six w e e k s old 
921 765o 

Com pletely rebuilt 283 for 
SS-’57 
Chevy, new p o rts 922 245o________ 
4 C orve tte R a lly e W h ee ls, 1974. 
SIPP tor all. Atter 3:3o: 532 o968 
. E a r l y 
C h e v y 
P o s i t r a c 
3 rd m em ber with 5.38 g e a rs ; old Po is't ra c 3rd m e m b e r. C om p lete 12 bolt P o sitrac re a r end for C he vy. 
(Com plete 2o7 truck eng. F o rd and 
(C h e v y 3-spd . st a n d t r a n s m i s ­ sions. ‘52 F o rd Tru ck, 68 C h e v y 
, P ic k u p fo r p a r t s 
H ig h p e rfo r- i n a n c e 396 eng. p lu s lots of e xtras. 
S e ll o r t r a d e ! 
C o ll: 
F r a n k , 
I 826 3o66 a n y t im e ________________ 

E N G I N E fo r ‘73 B u ic k E le c t ro , 
5175. 432 4963_______________________ 
P O R P A R T S ‘69 P o n tia c w agon. 
675 1637, *73-1788 
F o u r 1976 G r a n a d a fu ll w h e e l co v e rs 
In excellent condition. 
398 *73 o*96 
2o2, 194 H e a d s, T o r k e r, t u n n e l 
R a m , 35o, 4M , V e g a Kit, C a n ta ro body and h eade rs. T u rb o 4oo, *54 p o rts needed 341-5735.____________ 
!-i72 M e r c u ry 2oo i cyl. eng. and iro n s 
P erfe ct condition. 
$3oo. 
■ S I I 7947.___________________________ _ 
N e w M a g s . J a e k m o m , W h it e 
Sp o k e R im s, 2-15x8, 1-15x7 w ith c op s C h e v y fit otter 4 , 434-514B 

P a r t s fo r F o r d 36o a n d 1o2 en- gine s R e a so n a b le ! 432-499o. ii P l y m o u t h 383 M o to r a n d 
T ro n sm issto n 633-2498___________ 

 i?66 Pontiac B on n e ville (p o rts tor so le) 227-843*______________________ 
P o r s c h e 914 e n g in e o nly. C a ll. 
714-2881, 8 a m. to * p m 
S H E L B Y M A G S , S e a r s R a d ia ls fit 
Toyota 51*o 653 7179 e ves________ 
I tire V W . ra d ia ls w itn rim , S23, 
.new, * 5* 8149_______________________ 

W A N T E D 
69 C o m o r o S S , 
69 
C a m e ra 28-Z, o r 65 M u sta n g body in good cond. 
R e a so n a b le 
433 o876_____________________________ 
W A N T E D , front a xel hou sin g, tor 
*o -'*4 ■>« ton 4-wheel d riv e C h e v y pickup. *74-o7o*____________________ 

* FRII Boat Trailer 
* WEE Accessories 
* ftff Remote Controls 
I rove Hundreds oi Doliot v , 

A N T IQ U E A U C T IO N 
Sunday. Fe b 2o, 1:3o P M 
G a r y 's A ntique A u ctio n H o u se 
Lockh art, Tx. 
C all 3*8 37o1 

2o A C R E S H IL L C O U N T R Y 
O n fe n c e lin e of la r g e r a n c h , m a n y deer, turkey, Javetlna, 5*95 d o w n p a y m e n . 577.22 p e r m o 
O w ne r fin a n c in g available. C all 
734 79*4 
__________________________ 

1 2 x 5 o ' 
C R O W N 
H A V E N 
2 b e d ro o m s I bath F ro n t kitchen 
F u lly carp e te d , fu lly fu rn ish e d . 
C en tral a ir F re e d e liv e ry a nd set 
UP O nly 55555 92? 7191. 922 o441 
“ 4x4$, fieof, air, stove, no equity, a ssu m e 51o9 m o 688-3885__________ 
• 7 i - 1 4 ‘ X 7o ‘ m o b ile h o m e : 
2 - b e d r o o m s , J b a t h s . A i r 
N o equity 
T o ke o v e r p a y m e n ts 
337 4964 
14x8o M O B I L E H O M E 6 n t 'l 
S IZ E L O T C A L L 
698 2851 
14‘k * o ’ R e p u b lic D e l u x e 2 be- d ro o m s one bath, fron t kitchen, w ith b a r 
F u lly fu rn ish e d W ith 
C en tral heal F R E E d e liv e ry a nd set up 
O n ly 
$6888 
927-7191, 
922 o441_____________________________ 

12x65 T ra d e m a rk 2 y r s old, 2 br , 
I both. A ll m a lo r a p p lia n c e s In ­ cluded, central a ir o nd heat B u y w in d o w K it c h e n . B a l: 
574oo 
R e fin an ce or a ssu m e S ilt . o4 mo. 
*73 8311.____________ 

RAN DO L M A R IN I 
‘76 M odel Closeout 
Soot R ig Sale 
R A N D O L 
M A R IN E 
■„.«» rn. 
Johnson Outboo'ds than onyc pH,' rn lit,* Son Antonio afno 
R A N D O L M A R IN I it the o 
Johnson outboard Den!,-, tho' 
AAA rof-d in Service m 
Southwest' 
A A A SERVICE ond rn I in Soler 
Too Con’* Seat the Belt! 
So gel the bed deal you con th chon RANDOL M A R IN I and sc on booty, motet and trailer* 
W e Buy ond Sell Uted 
Boott, Motor*, Trailer! 
So. Don't Gamble 
SHOR RANDOL 
You've Tried the Ret! 
Now Try the SESTI!! 

A n t iq u e H O O S I E R K I T C H E N 
C A B IN E T 535o 341 *o92_________ 

A N T I Q U E V io lin b y C 'o P a o la 
M o n a . nile, m a d e b e tw e e n 158o a n d 1*32. B e st otter. S e r io u s in- q u ires o n ly 1 92* 693*________ 

1 4 ' j a c , 
U v a l d e 
C o , d e e r 
53oo-take p a y m e n ts 
$42.9o 
534-89o5 
_______ 

6o G O O D H U N T I N G A C R E S in la rae ran ch, w o rld s of gam e, 
$1185 dow n p a y m e n t a n d 5184.85 per mo. C all 734-9598 
H IL L c D U N t G V D E # R L E A S E 
F irst tim e offered. E x c e lle n t tor fam ily or sm all gro u p 
512 438 2834____________ ___________ 

H u n t in g F i s h i n g a n d d a m p in g 
L ea se s. S A 512 826 823o___________ 
I E A S E ! BO a cre s, K in n e y County, 
IS m i. so. R r a c k c t v ilt e 
P le n t y d e e r, q u a il, d o v e . A ll h u n t in g r ig h t s at $4oo a n n u a liy o r b est otter before M a r c h 4 *55 1547 

Colonial 
Furniture includes sofas, Tables Chain. Benches, 
Creden/ns. Hutih, Headboard 
Better Books, linens, Clothing, lamps, 
Mt-a-Brac, 
Misc 
Household (Not on Auction, 
Nothing Reserved Everything lagged, mid Must Go Im mediately, Another Genuine liquidation 
By 
Bhd ond 

THE V A N SU BSTITU TE 
LOOK BEFORE YOU BUY A VANI 
• Self-Contained 
-.- - '.V 
. 
' * » 
*' ^ 
» 
■ 
£ 
» r n 
UA, \ 
• Sleeps Six 

 fin 
I f e S i C 
• Running Water 

"in.nnn[""mrUu«wmae».li:l,Tr ram,, 
o l a r g C r Then 

A Van! 

13o6 AUSTIN HWY 
Mobile Traveler 
«4-»u 
185 O 
I 

Marmet 
Salat * Service 
I 2o7 VV. Hildebrand 
732-8233 

One of T e x a s ' L a r g e st F in a n ­ cial o rg a n iz a tio n s is intere st­ ed in a c q u i r in g a h u n t in g le a s e f o r o f f ic e s a n d c u s ­ t o m e r s 
R e p ly to E x p r e s s * 
N e w s Box 2* 94, 78297 

 ft A CRAFTY DEAL! 
1 1 
See largest Stack Ever af d 
2V Outs* D#*n-V Off Shore 
| 
J 
Cutty Cabins, Full Cabins, Open , , 
I 
Bow Riders Stern Dove ond O B 1 1 
I 
21 Cruise SKIPP? R, 14o OMC, I 
Frailer Under 12ooo! 
Open Sat. and San til 6 p m. i 
HOLIDAY MARINA , , 

 lake M cQueeney 
5 1 2 — 
5 5 7 - 6 6 2 2 

 p u u u u 
B 
B 
B 
E 
M 

D ivisio n of F in is h in g T ouch Inc 
117o P o rk rld g e . 349 3*89 
N «a r the C o rn e r A ntiq ues 
D e p re ssio n g la s s a nd F u r n it r * 
5513 F M 78. 4*1-3o54 

G R E A T D A N E S 
C h a m p io n site d 1 /55 4 *9 * 
O r eof B a n e s , fa w n tem , b rin d le i m ale F in e d o g s * / l OI s«__________ 
G re d i B a n e s R e a l aw est p ric e s in town, 922 2o**, after t? noon trait A i a s l? n T lu k k V T o iT d ^ r m o n 
Sh ep h erd , a lso A K C p oo d le s tsO up, s h o t s 
J o n e s P o o d le S h o o , 
Seguin, I 379 oo12 
W i t ! S E T W H P u p p ie s . I V f 
R e g C h a m p io n blood Mn w o rm ed , 
5*5 
Atter 
5 a nd w eekend s. 
♦71-3o99______________________ 

Just lh lim e for V ale n tin e ! M ix e d t A B pu p p ie s 733 1391 atter t 
I a r g * f a m e P a r r a l 
$15o, *74 5*44, *7o-18o4 

 aA D v i n G m u st sell a sso rtm e n t e l t ro p ic a l fish in c lu d e s la rg e O s- 
, cor, K nile, A n g e ls etc 144 7o31 
Ara'w i-gian Y llr fiiu n d p u p s, A k t r e g 
C h b lo o d lin e 
E x c e ll e n t watt hdowt H IO 344 1 71o 

— s 8 S ¥ B i w f r * i : A Tm 
. — 
C la ss e s sta rt AAarch 7th 
R e aistrattun F a b li s t a n d ?sth 
S A DOG T RAIN IN G CLUE 
435 8714, 314 SO**; 144 *o39 
S l t - D T E f f ff T r A l T i l -------- 
Alt breeds, start M a r c h I 
M a s te r K e n ne ls, 4S8-J319 
S U VneJTTh U ie e p £ 4 ’T u p s A K T ! 
$2oo u p M i o49* att *p m n s n s T f i t r n n s ¥ F t > b 6 8 r 
A K C , * » 
», 434 7o*4 fib) A n g lish Sheep b o g p u p p ie s 
C o n ll*-$ 7 3 9 atter * 
J W r V 
E A 
O l b s p a y e d g r e y cat 
F R E E 
N e e d * lo v in g nom a. 
149 77*4 
I " 
' 
P e rs ia n C l i 
R e giste re d 
*39 o447 
A e g Ina S p rin g e r S p a n ie l p u p pies. C h Stock. I tem t mote, IO w ks, shots A lso m ixed A u stra lia n 
Sh e p h e rd tem I yr t i s *$1-o139 
( F ^ ~ F r t ln in . M ~ o l Siu.i------- 
341 1417 

 r i i i i r i w w n r i i i . i f w its. re g . fe m a le 
P a r e n t s p o in te d t is # * s i mn 
— w rer r i N y g r n w y --------- 
S A OOO B re e d e rs R o to rriH Bor 
I vice wtlf pat yow in teach with a n e a r b y r e p u t a b le b r e e d e r 
494-7787, 473 44o1. 
W e . m a 'r a n e r 'f m ii. a id Well 
: trained $5o *o4-4927 
; 
W ire F o x T e rrie r P u p s 
C b stud te r vice s t ) t m 
I yr eld vmofl m ole b ox te rrie r 
G o o d w a t c h d o g N o t g o o d w ith r h ad ron * U 3497 att I P m 

758 • AIRCRAFT services, 

'74 E b tid e b a ss boat, son g m ere, e asy load, d riv e on trailer, electra tai tro llin g m o to r, s h a k e s p e a r e depth finder a n d 2 throw c u sh io n s 
53ooo C oll *74-2145 atter 4 M o n 
F r i a nd all d ay Sa t a nd Sun. M u st see to a pp reciate 
E X C E L L E N T 
C O N D I T I O N 
19 73-74 S e e r q y 2 4 ' H T c a b in c ru ise r. 235 H P M e rc u ry , all e x ­ tras. L e s s than IOO actual h ou rs. 
T o nO em p rolin e d riv e on tra ile r n eve r been in soft w ater F o r sale b y o rig in a l o w n e r 
C a ll 734 **7 7 before 5pm. A fter 5p m 712-444* is F o b f c A B i N B r u i s e r , ts hp j o h n s o n a n d 
T r a i l e r . 
$ 7 5o 
222 o958 
T T P B I W 
D O T F d u ffy d obin'; 
233 H P M e r e C r u is e I O. G a lv tand em trailer, M a g n u m C ustom , 
5o h rs $15,23o new . Sell $1o,5oo or best otter 494 581o m f 22-F T C o b ^ T r u . s . r , Sle e k s 
4, t r a ile r, m a n y e x tra s. $9,95o 
*73 389o atter 5 A N Y T I M E w e e ­ k e n d s G a lle y H e e d 
I lf) t r i poli with walk thru w ind shield, 55bp C h ry sle r m otor, a n d traile r Sl*» $ 
C all 828 4*81 atter 
6pm ii l * f ! w a lk lk r u , 8 o h p M e r e ” 
G alv. troller, lo ss than 4o e ngin e h rs E xce llen t w ith m a n y e x tra s 
$15oo firm 337 **5 8 
G i6 a I* T | 1 S A V IIe 6 s O C lo se o ut of new 197* In v a d e r s o nd D e ck - i B o a ts. J o h n s o n o n d M e r c u r y s . 
I A lso R o ck Bottom p ric e s on 1977 m odels. R a y s s M o rtn e , C a n y o n 
; Lake, H w y 2*71 n e o r Startzville, 
1 899-2H o 
_____ 

LEASE BACKS 
AVAILABLE 
• TURBO C EN TU RIO N 
• H AW K XP-Q 
• 2 o 6 S T A T IO N E R 
• SKYM ASTER 
M E T R IC A IR 
M O T IV E , INC. 
922 2747 924-7375 
ROOSIVEU at 99th AVE 

J U D Y 'S G E N E R A L S T O R E 
528 E xe te r 
T a v e rn p u p ) table 
G a m e (c h e s s) fable 
WITTIG’S 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

Now Desk f r o m 
$99 

A V IA T IO N IN S U R A N C E 
P rom p t q uotes 
734-1*231 
1972 58 B A R O N , 1)8o h r s 
T T 
I 
F u ll K in g S ilv e r C ro w n , C o llin s 
P N - tot, c o u p le d C e n t u r y I I I l l blade d p ro p s w ith a lc o h o l 
B lu e and gold a lu m lg rip M o n y options 
N ew annual. E x ce lle n t m aint. a n d r u n n in g p e r f e c t 
$ 9 2 ,o o o 
B v ow n er M r 
D ow e, at 824 75o3 o r 
M r G ale 494 5237 
-------------37 t W T T 'W M H ------------ 
A p ac h e IF R , C e s sn a *11 *7 
F a irc h ild P T I* 
L O U IS B U T T O N A S S O C it 2-822 3o91 ft/ s e i T t W T f F i . 'Y t f G s o . 'H R l e q u ip p e d im m a c u la t e s it , 5 o o 
197* C E S S N A 15os, O ne T T *5o. 
112,ooo 
O th e r T Y 35o, $12,5oo, 
Both 3*o N A V -C O M , im m aculate. 
( It ? ) 592 3o1o K IN G S V I L L E 
W H ' e H » 6 i c * g T ioo T . r '"co~ rationed, like new 175 T T on air- c ra fl o nd e n gin e IF R equipped. o il e n c o d e r a n d t r a n s p o n d e r . 
M u st see to a p p re c ia te 
$48,5o9. 
227-SOOt or 82* *7o3 
T o n y 83 buff el'ec'tt icoi k ^ i M 6 H 
,3/oo c o m p le te w ith p r o p 
D o n 
S m it n , 
B o x t *« « , 
U v a l d e 
I I 278 7774 or I 278 344 3 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
IAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 

* oxer IOO Units in Stack 

AUTHORIZED SAUS FOR-. 
HOUDA! 
RAMBLE!, 
PROWLER. 
NOMAD. 
VENTURE 
STARRATT, 
HOLIDAY. DIAMOND. JAMBOREE 
ARINI-ttOMES 

96oo IH 35 N. 
653-6711 
Acres* from Howard Johnson's 
9 'til dark, Alton.-Tri. 
9-6 p m Set. 1*5 Sundays 

< ST 
N i c e 
U S E O 
C o m p i n g 
T ra ile rs N ow ! ( *) or ( 8 ) Sle e p e rs 

New (age th gin from $69.9o 

Abe Used Fwmitore 
116 Jon Aim Street or m IO et Celebre, 7S4-SS9o 
AN ie*#* Cat? and Carry 

24o1 S W. M ilita ry D r 924 5514 
H r s W k d a y s 9 to * Su n I 3o-4 
W e B u V A L L~ T y p ies of t r o v e ! 
T ro lle rs C all 
M E L 92* S S I* 
79 W igw a m , 19',c om p le te ly self c o n ta in e d . A ir- c o n d 
E x c e lle n t cond *2295 *55 581* *53 2429 
19/j, 27 W in n e b a g o C hie ftain 5th wheel trailer, air, self contained, lots of storage, corpet, pulled le ss th a n 12,ooo m ile s p lu s a 1971 
C h e v y Jrto n C a m p e r S p e c ia l, 
35o,VI, autom atic, pow er b rak e s, 
( f r o n t d is c D r a k e s ) , m i r r o r s , a u x ilia ry tanks, air. d ua l e xhaust, 
8 ply tires, le ss thon 44,ooo m iles, 
O rig in a l o w n e r 
B o m for $7,ooo 
3o7 
R o y 
S I . K e r r v i l l e , T x 
) 8 9 4 - 1 o *4 
P l e a s e c a l l a f t e r 
4 3 o P M w e e k d a y s 
«it8 ?T T J T . t t i T Y i w i l h ' l sp o re tires $24o * 54-2822_________ 

L a k e M cQ u e e n e y, 3)2 357 *422 
H o u se bo a t f ac tory m ade sle ep s tour, a ir condition, self contoini-d, real nice o rg in a l ow n er $5495 Sat a n d Su n o n ly 
Stall E l * C a n y o n 
L a k e Manna id H b M e r e e le c . re m o te con trois, 2o h rs B a s s boat seats, stick s t e e r in g , lig h t s , t r a i l e r , e tc . 
*41 3*49 otter 6orn 
S H ^ le a B e e O u t b o a r d m o to r. tm oil re p a irs needed 227-8o4* 

UlE! SAIFI 
BUY NOWII 
7 4 AIRSTRIAAA T9 
7 4 HOUDAT RAAABIER 39' 
7 5 BOUD AMI 27 
7 S VAQUERO 23S 
7 5 UM Fit I. laid down temper 
7 5 ARPI ERY, tent camper 
SOUTH TEXAS 
TRAILER A SUPPLY 
1121o IH 35 NORTH 
Open 9-6 P J L Closed Sunday 

AUTOR 
QUALITY STOCK 
ONE STOP CENTER 
C I S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
4647 ROOSEVELT 
(SI2) 924-1556 

A N + c x T r a v e l c e n t e r 
3*o2 N W Loo p 41o 
714 S i l l 
A R IS T O C R A T -----------------TWa TWZ 
T R A I L E R S 
The C hoice ol the Q u a lity B u y e r 
R a h m b e rg R V Center, 2271 A u stin 
H w y_ *3 3 o25t i i ' Iffia m p ie n , se lf c o n ta in e d , 
22,7oo m i like new. m a n y e xtras, 
59,ooo. *38 3779 
I J "D o d g e T r a d e s m a n T o C c o n verted to m otor nom e M u st see to appreciate. *9 * 598* atter * o nd weekends 

' / J (E x e c u tiv e }$ ' L o a d e d $ l L $ 6 6 
49o 1734 otter lp m ____________ 

W a n te d ' for Oil Ce. 
T u rb o P r o p B a s e d rn So u th T e x ­ a s Se nd re su m e a n d s a la r y de- 
Stied to E x p re ss N e w s box 258* 
F A A W R I T T I N S S A N A N T O N id 
F E B 2*2 7 
IOO"- G u a ran te e d 
. A V IA T IO N 
S E M IN A R S , 
1*o9) 
799 217o frl9 *S 31o3. " i F R ' b v f r auto piloT, 
| d e ice, r a d a r low e n g in e tim e, new paint 349 o985 
: 
76 s e n e c a it. i * J Y r , im". 
, m a c u la te c o n d it io n 
F u ll K in p 
1 (F R inclu d in g K N *3 D M C . N S O 
: 1*o. sta ve d H S I, attim o tic III C 
! N acelle tael ta n ks P ric e d to sell 
C o n tac t 
R o n M u sta ln . N A Y A K 
A V IA T IO N 312-824 731) __________ 
W H Y fo o t o rd e r a H e w " 
P I P E R to your ow n 
Specificattons, ceti F r a n k A d am s, 
*58-o22o_____________________________ 

N e w U sed, 11 too IH 15N *55 oC71 
‘73 l A n £ $ R . t 4 x / l J b e d ro o m . with bath, ce n tra ) air, heal. f u r ­ n is h e d , im m a c u la t e 332 * 3 * 3 ; 
648 o743 eves. 
74 M a g n o lia double 
/ c x i l i be d room . 2 bath. c e n tra l heat, air 
Equity, a ssu m e 492 9231__________ 

19ft stern dr IVV 19*8 E v in ru d e . 
21 OH p , V I, s h o r e lin e t a n d e m troller, $21oo U t UU. ____________ 
71 L a r s o n l l f ib e r g l a s s A a a * a nd T railer. ISO hp E v in r u d e L ow 
H r s paw er trim 15 a n d l l g a l g a s ta n k s exce llen t con d itio n $1793 
313 111* M r s D o y o l 9 3 m on I n 
H m o d e l I*# !.' b u o c M l o A a s * 
B o a t, 2o h p M e r e 
Ir o n m o to r, tinder, 
3 sw ive l seats, trailer, 
1995 
T E X A L L B o a t, 222-9621 
P S 
M a n y p ie a w n e d boats a v a ila b le l f * l f * ' P o i or b u :k, f ib e r g la ss , tri bull. *5 Johnson, a ep m Bnd er, 
SI,OOO, t-o29 2*29___________________ 
Sa iib o a !. C o lu m b ia 2). b e a u M u l beat with m a n y e x tra s in c lu d in g new m otor 1*55o *33 38*3 
S a ! L I 6 A T lo c k le y le a W ife Is with Tro ller 8595 N ew B ra u n le is, 
; *1o 1o27 
5oiiuogl)i'’"Conees, iorge selection 
N E W SO ilboal Shop, A u stin 
*o4 H ig M a n g M o n B lv d 434 7171 
Sailboat S lu r pio n fib e rgla ss. |4 new san. trad er. S3oo M I ISO/ 

T n e oT a r 'f f T T 'coAd Leis extras, $78oo W HI Itnonce OSO 798* att s a m _____________________ 
. 

DITTMAR LUMBER 

5oo SEGUIN* 226-3141 
91? FLEA NUUtKETl 

S A N A N T O N IO S 
L a r g e s t I n d o o r 
L a rg e o v e rh a a d c a m p e r Suitable t o r S tio n C h e v r o le t , F o r d o r 
O o d a e L W B 
S e if c o n t a in e d , clean $1393 N o T ra d e s 824 7o14 l o w p rofile U 
S to rc ro ft tra v e l trailer, excellent i l l O o w n vi»w 
71 P e n g u in S i ' t r a v e l T r a ile r 
8328o c a n 
*84 o*»4_______________ 

 rw'ww'mjw'* 
NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
N e w K o h l e r c m d 
• k 
C a m p h e l l S p i n e t s 
$ 7 9 S 
|lhoet* Item liedHwnai I When 
Frovmnai, tr*nch Frevwiual, and fSpanish 
Oak 
DUO A ll 
Hayti 

1 Uond Ilk* nae Spinet style Femes 
Jilt* bee hem $ 4 9 9 
N E W V is e ourrt 
I 
( l e c t r o f s k O r g o n e 
S h o p w i t h i m c m d B o y * 
I i v * O a e w h t K t d 

NAVARRO 

PIANO CO. 
I 
1 7 o 2 N . C O L O R A D O 

BOO S o B U in B d . 
22 6 I M I 
P o r t a b le B u i ia m g s M g y e P b v 
M o i g o o g united *33 i m 

R e * # 17x4o sto ra ge b ld g H e a v y f t & l 'y g E ! . £ ’ *& g $ ‘. * » «!!$___ 
Save IO "- 1ok it I * U x 4 o Portab le 
B u M d w g 732-817 L 
U se d H *e y D u ty $tg B u iid g F re e 
D elivery, Term s, 341*1oo 
U S E D • x ii,' L a rg e D oor, T e rm *, 
F r e t D e livery. 92* 3oo)_________ 

E v e r y S a tu rd a y Su n d a y 
North W est Sh o p p in g Center 
1*oo B io cx F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 
B oce k id * of Center 
F O R IN F O , or R E S E R V A T I O N S 

E X C L U S IV E D E A L E R F O R 
• F L E E T W O O D 
• M O M E T T 
^ S C H U L T 
• S A N O P O IN T E 
See u s first L a r g e selection 
725o A u stin H w v 635 2894 
2922 s W M ilita ry 974 44?4 

1971 M o b ile H o rn e 
2 B e d r o o m t u r n . oth er e x tr a s T o k e 153oo 
Atter turn, 977 4885. 
— 
M B B l l fr' H O M E '5 W W 1 1 V ~ " 
N eed a little e xtra c o s h ? 
W E buy M o b ile H o m e T ire s a nd 
W heels S I I C o c h B rin g in or we pick up 
S U N S E T M O B I L E H O M E S 
27*1 S W M I L I T A R Y O R 
________ 922-o54o________ 
M o y ie Manse. lA x ltd C o m e r t a i 
D r y rip p ed beautiful *79 7813 

Dotty and W eekly R a te s 
P H O N E 
M I 7212 
L ik e new, 1475 O M C m otor hom e, 
19' itt com pletely self contained. w ith p o w e r p la n t 
8,o o o m i sn,FRI. 6o6-9*46. lu x u r y M oi":ir H o m e s R a n i.1 Low 
Rotes, e st 74*1, * 5* 71)9___________ 

? I7 I A u stin H w y 
*53 o883 

P O N Y C O AC H mulcted lib e ra te s* c a m p e r shell with slide w indow 
L ik e new S3oo *9 ? 211* 
74 P r o w le r ll * > It s le e p s J 
$115o *9o 1*4o e ve n in gs 
------------- 75 B t f G 'w t '4 T T T ------------- 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH IO, 3 m i north pf B oe rne 
R T 2 B O X IJT. S A P ho n e 22* 241* 
O P E N 13 P M S U N D A Y 

8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 
A i H T n f f Y X v T T com per 1oJ. 
S le e p s *, g a s clee. r e frig e ra t o r, g a s stove. L o w e rs far tra v e lin g 
4o4-4761 
- n u n : C I...i,yr, I ' Over CoA. A-1 
< rnditiciii. 
$18oo 
*58 2954 after 
3pm_________________________________ 
/) A llo SJH fu lly self coniainecT. excel cond S33oo *94 177 3 
’ i A P A C H E Solid tlole Sleeps 8 
Stove, lights, water, A C O C P le n ­ ty s t o r a g e t * m in . stet ap. n g c o n v o s P e rfe ct *o4 o591 atter * 
--------------- S E I T T S E i T T ---------------- 
T R A V E L T R A I L E R 
The chott# of the quality buver. 
R A H M B fc R C K V C E N T I K 
2271 A u stin H w v 
488-o231 
_ 

B E A U T I F U L Q u e e n S u e S e ta 
Bed, 2 m a tc h in g c h a irs, cocktail table and end loam s. S'9 5 ve lve t couch S I M L o v e seat l/ S C h a irs 
SSO A sserte d c olors C h ro m e and g la s s tables $18. e ach A ll w end b e d r o o m s e t s . d in e t t e s 
C o n 
O e kv e r S M IT H C O N S T R U C T IO N 
124-45)4 

 e x te n s iv e t e ie ig n sta m p c a lle t lien m ostly coialegw ed in IS Scott a lb u m s F a r sale ar lr ape tor San 
A n to n io R e a l R S la t e of e q u a l value, a r r a n p e m e n is ta se e m y 
$14,5*o stam p < o lio lion. m a y be m ade by calling 

E X C L U S IV E D E A L E R F O R 
•M obile T rave le r 
• D re a m e r 
•Tioga 
• A m g n c a n C lip pe r 
•C o b ra 
• SOU th w ind 
L a rg e st seiectm Sa v e p o lle rs 
H O * A u stin H w y 824 124o 

M otor hom e R e nta l 
Slee ps 4 $14o week * loc m ile *33 2232 tool O M O k e p i, 17', C h e v y £ h o T sis, new m ater, new r e t n g 
Self c o n ta in e d , e x c e lle n t c o n d it io n 
$5 OOO I *29 2429 

»4 6 > E n 1 6 a 6 T F 'S o d 'g * (t'fve's" tis low m i e xtra d e a n 
S79So. 
921 7174 
W S X n lo a d l l 1, te u to n ic * ,«■<) air, gene, atef 848oo 491 3491 

PRI INVENTORY 
CLEARANCE SALE 
2S-4o% Discount 

 a KARO W A A I 

• f A W I a F1TWOOO 

648 1323 
D I S P L A Y E D B u t N e v e r u s e d i T e m p le t * H o u s e f u l F u r n it u r e 
W ill T rad e tor e ao ai value Alt or som e C an D e lm ar s m i t h C O M 
S T R U C T IQM , 824-4834,___________ 
D I S P L A Y E D Fu rn itu re , RravhtM. 
, i one, B asse tt S e n # T h om asville end other n am e b ra n d s A vailab le at S M I T H C O N S T R U C T I O N 
P le ase com e m a ke an otter en oil 
I ar I PWC#. 124-4 8 )4 ______________ 
E A R L Y A m e ric a n B e d ro o m Set, in c lu d e s T rip le D r e s s e r . h u lcB , m irro r, chest, n ig h t sta n d bed a nd fo un d atio n $289 
D isp la y e d only C um D e liv e r 
S M IT H C O N 
: S T R U C T IO N , o)4 4834 __________ 
E X T R A F ir m O rth o p e d ic K in a size m a ttre ss, 2 b ox s o n n e t *" 
In u n d a tio n $ / l 
S lid in o r ig in a l p a c k a g e O th e r s u e s cost le st 
C an D e liver S M IT H C O N S T R U C 
[ T IQM , 114 4814 

'G a s R a n g e s, 84* *5 up 
E le c tric d ryer, t/9 *5 C o m p u te beet earn suite, t i) * 95 

E x c lu s iv e D e a le r F o r 
VENTURE lent Camper i n M IM I ja u n t 

 l i t t l e c a s t l e o n w h e e l s 
277! A U S T IN H W Y 
*53 o751 

S H A S T A b P l t O W L E R w e T o ke T ra d e ins 
Com plete Se rvic e Dept 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
(H IO 3 M i N or lh of B oe rn e 
R T S B O X 177 S A P ho n e 724-1424 
O P E N S U N D A Y l l $ P M tT s h T 5 T a ~ S ------------ 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
: 
IM 15 N. 3 m i north ol B oe rn e 
R T 2 B O X 127, S A P ho n e 224 242* 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12 3 P M _________ 
_ 
J * S H A S T A I # " " ' 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IH IO, I m i north of B o n n ie 
R T 2, 
B O X 
127 
S A 
Phone 
224 242* 
O P E N S U N D A Y I) - * P M n T f f a m 
~ T --------------- 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IN IO m i n nr th et B o e rn e 
K T I B O X 127, S A P hone 224 242* 
O P E N S U N D A Y S I * P M 

D octor s In v e stm e n t G ro u p is in 
C re ste d rn b u y in g coins, stom ps, reds, p le ats geld. F ra n k lin M in ts 
ORGANS 
PIANOS 

HMMMibO 
I VI ll ll 
M ow n 
IA WAI 
(A M I WISON 

Ntw From $495 
Used From ti95 

A S S N M e w ,. m 
S S I* 

W onderland.. 712 R I IO 

 berth Urn ,, 544 o 7 4 * 

A ile A d ia p h o n * 
S ig n e t U se d 2 y e a r s E x c e lle n t con d itio n Cest 
SIEB. Will sen lac $ 3*o «y* /ar I 
A m p lifie r e t o u tlie M O B , S i l t 
§ M ullion* behew b od y bose. S IM 
S u re m icrophone 87$ 
337 4114 
D a y s. 49* o m s atter sa m 
B A L D W IN O R M a se n A H A M L IN 
G R A N D e sc cand For le a ch e r or a d va nced student 224 5524___ 

C R I TC H E f T P IA N O CO 
M e time L im it en R e n ta ls 
Rental P u rc h a se P la n 
IFO/ W W oodlaw n_________7)4 4117 

D r u m set, t u P w ip I ac w ith 2 cymbal stands «»< ♦)) o s f ) 
_ 
Flute G e m u tn h e rd l t i * * 
...... 
* * 4 i i * _____________ 
G u i t a r 
G ib so n J lf, p o rte d c u nallied 877 9o*8 atter t 
____ 
Hom m trnd Bl et Van* with lethe iSfctlSi 'ttmt cond s n o t 71) I96o 
7 un aa* 
Grand 
Piano 
$19* o, 
I t ll M a t ______________________ 

Tnt#) W I inc leas* la berth 
SOUTH LOOR 
LUMBER CO. 

 s s i o a o o s c v K i r 
9 2 3 - 6 3 o 6 . 

2*17 R O O S E V E L 

M IS S IO N T R A V E L C E N T E R 
D M A u stin H w y. 624 1248 
W ont to B u y fra te r h o m e A n y 
M a k e 
A n y 
M o d e l 
*58 7*41, 
*5 * 7119 

Sp ecia lizin g in ( u n n e s i a nd P ro fe ssio n a l E q u ip m e n t 
Sa v e T a x C o n se rv e C ap ita l 
W h e e l t r a ile r s in S o u th t e x a s 
A lso few go o d u se d t ra ile rs and 
IT H w heels 
T R A V E L T R A I L E R C E N T E R 
429* R o o se velt pl Stin so n Fie ld 
C L O S E O S U N D A Y 
S ~ thonv poo up C a m oar. S le e p s T sie ve, ice b o x, h eate r, e x c e lle n t cond $1458 6fS 57*o 

? : s s O T r * T A 3 « i m F 7 " K a a * 
5, stave sinh tee box. 2 touches, 
8915. I »>» 7t57 
________ 

75 W i n n e b o u o C h i a H o n 2 5 ’ 
Tw in beds, like new, leaded IT M rn. Seguin, ( 1 » / » M $ 4 
W n WSrafce gg ! 17' g lsie A y h . low m i 
Clean, leaded, steeps 
I, 
♦ ss ?»** 

T M ) iio o d w u v 
J27-9M I 
L s r r r n m r ^ s i a i ^ s i i s lights. waN cases, c ath register. ) tan f e d d e r $ . a ir t e n d c e n tr a l unit, a *« ss sh e lve s, etc A ls o sm a ll a m au n l of ,« wen v inve nter v AV 
T E C J E W E L E R S , 279 I H a a slg n h le la r d e sh 
I d ra w e r. $2* 'leer b a * h o ld s ) * c a s e s r e g u la r bel 
Has S/5 Atter *p m 97* i i it 
N ew and U se J I*le p 6 one a n sw e r m g xgu m m e n l R ic h a rd , 71*2911 

Phil Echavama 
Stanley Helmke 
Raul Perales 
S A Y "C o d O r tee M e At 
Moflett I uaihtf Ha 

 w h o l e s A L ^ ^ T e T i l 

 o r g a n . H a m m o n d c t with ? ke y b aal Os a n a toot p ed a ls L e slie t i * a m p G o a d c a n d il ion 
C a n R ic k 
Io n a * a i 53 A 7I4 ) ar atter 5 ai 
ASA-87^3 

P I A N O S i i N T C D -O f h on ta A u * 
N O l i m i t e d t i m e 

D a c b e r t s M i m e F t o z o 
I« M N O G M l I r o t 
27) * i5 i 
3|l l W A U E M R D 
*5 * *^ |l 
U nre d ee m ed u . 
In s t rum en ts 

SLkSSZ£lm JJ^Jm zm m f 

 r n 
M 
W 
| 
| 

A i r ? 1 a H L a n d i » M ) M a t ^ * i I ^ 
Reuse y#M 912 5 *4 1 
A h Ts ( M 4M *ar s 4dbu lb s Fuck Lift 

T T I I M M ! ! ! ! / ! ” 
* * 1 
- 
A u u u n u m s 
I* g e l ten# g a d I * 
E S L i i t . t i L O iJfJ* 
__ 
A ustin tm a b eel yuud ten d S IM 

 s i * o a ta rg sd 
137 4512 
K argtkw is Dew niew ti Thrift 
Basem ent, M aw u se d fu rn itu re 
2)1 t C o m m e rce 727 4 ) 4 '___ 
L A C K $ D isc o u n t M o re h o u se 
U s * d F u rn itu re and A p p lia n ce s 
*4) C O L I S I U M D R t i l 744* 
M E O ! f E R R A N S A N K m g H ie be dr aam Suite 7 piece C an D e liver 
$!/t 
S M IT H 
C O N S T R U C T IO N , 
88o4884. 

 c a n i p e r 
S h e ll b u m p e r *2 * 4t8* 
A ir beat a n f ir oiler, c i s o irtra tt engm e M i 7*1* ottgr 4 )* 
I fiji' M ercury m otor$T"controls e n d a lt e r n a t o rs 
$*• « 
* 5 * 298* atter lp m i t / ? T g u e "l e er f I T 7 ' VU' U t 
E m u tide m eter, n ew er att a a l ya m ze d traile r, u se d IIT h o u rs, 
$ 8 ,$ **. 
M o n d a y F ■ id e e . 
I 
8 m Nim . W hee. 124 2884 
H' In ist lie als edu lad e d *74 t e r r y 
B o m $2»s* 
7) t e n * b ie r $ ) **• 
71 Tide Craft tie d * *74 S S M 
T T u S T T t i r t T m r ^ ^ a n r tv w ind s m eld deluxe trim . t> th wit ne m e for en H ig n iu rider trad er 
L ike new, f o o »)4 53*7 

 ti Cdbiu H i! d w slt'r c an sa la k e e l l i t bn O R , tre a t conv a t cover. 
S its trader e xce l te n d t$4 o*54 
» JU/ 
' ______ 

C A M P iN O - T R A V E L T R A I L E R S 
R C 
T H A U K R S 
D V S up 
/ I* M E S T 
A V K 
7861911 
C G A ^ H M E H 
C o l o v e ? 
"*| jy r| * 
C r ' se lf cetMained 

I U IG P l ATTY f H T T I i i C W 
Cottage t ile and, e asy to set ae v ije o s 8 c u m tg rtg b iy , u ltra lite, 
>ut$ oi star age N M self contained m s esc t n t 
Tiff l*o b d « S t o o l t r a w l Iro n e r 
C u m p ltt e ly se lf c o n ta in e d 
A ir 
< # r g l heat, e e c e h e n l tn r g a g h 

 m y l m s t r a i l e r s a l e s 
1)4 K in g sb u ry 
S E G U IN 
T X 
X t g g 'l 'V 1Tr / "raW "'cV.,ro'in e J a w n in g e l) I M I 
St la l l 1 t E I V l l T B I I T f l T * 
Y o u r C hoice SH 9 3 922 7791 
‘S i l l ' 1 t r a d e r i m m r r s i. A ; # next deer ie 
In d ia n 
R e a d in g 
5)7 I H I t r a v e ) i , o i i e r " fm r a m a a 'y y r salt contained, excel can d 825*9 a van tar view Su n 
|*th p hene 
I *2 * 37)* 
/* T ra v ti Ti Oder sib W heel it sefld* Calf 
H > W M t F T r a v e i T rgllgJI'.Y SP'C aH lgintH r 
1)8 4* 
A ls o M ab ie I* S a d b a e l 
11*54 I *3$ M U t i I 4)8 1746 n Y R iv iL 'T m r i i t 
.* .*r 
* iii < a udit1 un $2 i tv t ? i m n 
T W f 
^ h m n e 'c T 
L e n a bads. $13$ t a *33 M I * 

“G a a e n d a t e Sm e t i t ) } 
*4 / N le e r e m o ra * 1 3 /Btl 

 h 'e p e t t * t x t f k P e r l e i l e T I■ 2* 
13x11 Ead#ng Free Pet 48) Biri tvirge Selection ai Armoire 
P U A Y E N P I A N O S 
E U G A ID A 8 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO 
764* N Floras 
/)) I 

“ M f IW W r e A M P I E S A L i i san Ault n a , Exclusive 
C O A C H M E N D I A L E R 
H U M E R M a k e s C e a c h m e n At- t g r d a b i t * 
T r a i l e r s , 
T i g t k 
< e n . p n s M utui n am e s « M *384 
III* S W Mdifary W pl Sernei set i s 'N u tria v ia n rtile r E r a id ^ iJ ip r ' t u s f o l b , l l c e n b u m tw in k e d s 
<vgdkd wu- re n m e aw ner 
*$ I $)$$ 

G aud L o m a * 
. a c e* gm » 
* 
- 
. *r»c LB 
I rn l f 
4 it ic LF 
! 
J4i LF 

A I T A N L I 8 H 6 O IT G * 
W E B U Y 6 S A L L 
Dia m o n d s 
PL AtNiNuM 
GUIO s il v e r 
A f b AIS ALS 
M ADE 
ON l l e l I ll r it O I IN IU R ANC 8 purposes and tv TAI Bs ti* alam o p l AIA fit 1*34 

DOES HMH! ll leestveh 934 li aravshi gully* with p.cSea Yen turd fetid! with Funder ump newt- ) Ceramal* I Ii ameer** 1 p ranch Morn and ether music et w l i w i 4644466 ' im M V I 

I uMpiiigt D I with hydrgglr* $5 decs! Mad teedrtipn fit tee 
EE Au EACH fcduipnienl fie its* 
A ME 5agu.il AG, i n HE! a 

San A ntonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February I 9 1977 
124 LEGAL NOTICES 

Rtydeojinte 
4 

 ti 

 ti 
J 

94o LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS 
94o LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS 

Aged buckskin a ir brood m a re , 
14 3H, gentle 1-484-2882 

A -H A LE T R A IL E R S 
Horse Stock and Gooseneck 
New and Used; tor Sale or Rent 
Also feed B arrels w 'th Lids 
S L IM P O IL CO OH IH 37 
533-51 SI 
4o4 
C arolina dites 
_____________ 344-721 5_____________ 

A L IO N CU B V e ry G e n tle and 
Lovable $75o 349-1941____________ 

Am . saddle breed boy gelding 7 yrs Reas 341-1545_______________ 
Appaloosa, qtr, m ares and fillies, s om e b re d to P r in c e P la u d it 
Joker B Stud, 341 o344 o iler 4pm 
AOHA blue roan m are, SASO, Sor- r et m ore 533o I 899 7917 
_ 
A O H A b ro o d m a re , 9 y rs 
IS I. 
Sire. AAA, AAA P roducer. D A M : 
AAA Producer. 55oo I 379 39oo 
AOHA Reg 
1974 C h c s tn u tM o re, 
Miss Gam py Bors, Professionally tra in e d in W e s te rn P le a s u r e 
V ery 
Gentle 
Ready to 
Show 
494 2429 _________________________ 

AT STUD 
~AQHA P alom ino 'Go elegance" 824 3913 433 2728 
B a b y C a lv e s $ 3o-55o 
G ra s s 
Calves S4o SI IO 922 8449 ___ _ 

8oo Bales H a y g ra te r, not rained on has some weeds, 85c bale, 'n 
C h o ro id s bull, 2 yrs old 
Good prospect $375 441 2197__________ 

SOO b a le s K lie n g ra s s h a y f e r ­ tilized, clean, in shed. SI 75 per bole 8 n o m 333-8943.___________ 

B e a u tifu l B ay Q u a r te r M a r e , 
Good Conform ation 484 >91o 
BIG Stout Riding Horses S3oo up 
422 3443 422 3o93 824 3913_________ 
Blankenship B rahm an Ranch 
Reg B rahm an Bulls, very gentle. 
512 824 9773, 427-2281_____________ I 
Build F a rm and Ranch Fences, 
Also- Rock D rillin g 477-8212 
C oastal B u rm u d a S p rig D ig g e r and 2 row S prig P la n te r 
Good pond 1-947 3445___________________ 
Coastal Hay in B arn SI SO 
421 2o19, 421 2271________ 
Coastal hay, SI 75 per bale Red top h o y , t i 4o p e r b a le 
1 2579 
W etm ore R d, 494 4o72 
___ ____ 

CORRUGATED IRON 
SIS 95 per -NI 
FLO W E R S LBR Co 
2547 Ooliod_______________333 4171 
D A IR Y C O W S A N D 
E Q U IP 
M E N T tot sole, I 544 2925_______ 
D A IR Y H E R D FOR SALE 
_____________ 455-349o_____________ 
F A R M A RAN CH R E A L T O R S 
Monett Lumber Co 
Dependable Since 1935" 
4o7 N Zorzom oio , 432-7881 
FE LP S HO R S E , STOCK 
AND G O O S E N E C K T R A IL E R S 
S a le s , S e r v ic e , R e p a ir s , a n d 
Trailer Rentals. 443o Hw y 9o East 
I ? W W W hite Rd > 333 141 1 
F E R T IL IZ E D CO ASTAL H AY 
_____________ 333-2938_____________ 
F E R T I L I Z E D Jo h n so n G ra s s 
Hay, si 25 bate 824 1144_________ I 
F ER T I I I ZE D C O A S T A I 
M A Y , 
S to re d in s h ed 
$1.7 5 a b a le 
533 5145 A ll 4 a n d w e e k e n d s 
477 817o, 477 8714_______________ _ ritte e n young h e re fo rd stocker cows 448-1931___________________ 
Fine stemed Johnson qrass. hay in barn, I exotic dutch belted bull, young stocker cows, 423-1518 or 
422 33o8 
For Sale L a rg e Reg Appaloosa 
M ore, 4 yrs 344 oo49____________ 
For Sale or T ra d e , Rum , About 
Four Years Old 224-5541________ 
2. 14 hand G eld in g s , w ill rope, pi eat tor k ids, troll 453 8339 
HAY D elivered 
_______ I 485 3341, I 997 3747 
HAY FO R S ALE 
M ix ed Blues tem Hay Si 75 bale No I Red Too 
Cane 
82. bole 
1 947 337o, 
1-94M229. 
H AY FOR S A LE , b e g a n , 4o,ooo bales 
517 449 1354, 
449 1591. 
449 5721 
HAY FOR SALE 
437 747o atte r $ on w eekdays____________________ 
H AY SALE 
15oo bales good quality Johnson 
Grass Hay SI JO a bale 12oo bales 
H a y g ra te r SI 4o a bale HOO bales good quality Coastal St 45 a bale 
Poy I 424 4418, nile I 424 1171 
H ereford bull, I 11 yrs old 
_____________ 475 5o19____________ 
HORSES FOR SALE 
495 8774 eves, weekends 

; 
Johnson Grass Hay t i 25 a bail 
_____________ 453 9888_____________ I 

KLEINGRASS SEED 
I G overnm ent tested ond labeled, 
I 54 58 per lb p I s w hile it lasts 
1 Discount tor IOO lbs oi m ore Wit 
'h a m s 
R I 
2, Box 44, B a n d e l a 
I ?v> 1419 e venings 
_ 
^LE IS U R E S TA B LE S Under new m a n a g e m e n t 
H orses b o a rd e d , 
I gentled and trained 494 8917 

TREATED 
POST AND POLES 

PHT INY*NTORY CLEARANCE 

STOCK SNOW DISCOUNT 
CASH AND CARRY 
PHONE OR COME RY 
SOUTH LOOP 
LUMBER CO. 
3 5 1 o ROOSEVELT 
9 2 2 -6 3 o 6 

HORSESHOEING 
J a m e s 
H a llm a r k , 
I 379 7314, 379 34o3 
S e g u in 

HORSE SHOW, Mnc A rthur. Lei sure Stables, M arch 12 

>x Limousin 3 yrs E c la ir. 2 - 11 
Bloods. I, w ith U B ra h m a n . S er­ viceable age. 488-3264 

Macdona Auction Sale 
E very Sat. 12 Noon, Cattle, sheep, goats, horses. 12 m r S W, S A 
F a rm Rd 2173, M acdona, Tx 
M e ta l cuttle racks for step side pickup. S12S 467-147o afte r 7pm 
M IR E X F IR E A N T BAIT 
Fe rtiliie rs-b u lk and sacked 
Spreaders and spreader trucks 
L Y T L E F E E D A N D S E E D 
622 3472 
1 772-3231 

HO SPECIAL NOTICES no 
SPECIAL JUDICE! 
J iM M U E g L 

 m LEGAL NOTICES 
5o1 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

'D O U B L E B O H U S A D S ' 
SAVE YO U 6 o % 
Merchandise only — 
Class 928 Private Party Household Items 

A New Vow Rate for private party Merchandise Advertising colled "Double Bonus Ads will deliver results at Texas-Sized Savings of 6 o % . These ads ore exposed to 2 9 3 ,o o o potential buyers Daily in the Son Antonio W ont Ad Supermarket (3 3 ,o o o more thor, the Light) 

The Double Bonus Special is d e ig n ed *o p'ovide a reduced rote for individuals who wish to sell things they no longer need 
The special rote of 2 lines, 6 days $3 mokes it profitable lo advertise low-cost items sucTi as baby furniture or used appliances 

The only requirements ore 

1 
Only pnvote individuals ore eligible tor this 6 o % money saving rote 
2 
The od must be placed for six days lf the item is sold before the six days ore up, you may concel further running days of the od but the full rate will be charged. (In other words, no refund or rote od|ustment for unused days ond no copy subsections). 
2 LINES • 6 DAYS • *3 
(ADDITIONAL LINES EXTRA) 
SAVE AN ADDITIONAL 1o% BY 
MAILING PAYMENT WITH YOUR AD 
Hn..i I 11 
I l l I I 11 
I I I I 
I l l l l i r 11 i m r r m 
2 i i i (... n r I r 11 i I i 1 1 11 
1 1 1 1 1 n i 11 1 1 1 1 

 a n i i i i 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n 
A i l 11 i i r n 
............... i i i i 11 i r r r m n 
S r T T T T T T I I I 
I I I I l l 
I I I I 
I I I I 
I I I I I I l l 

8 mo old q u a r te r h o rs e f illy , halter broke, very gentle, 
695 8oo7. 
2 m oi. old pigs, e xtra good stock. 
$3o 449 1 21 7 
4 nanny qoats, 2 yrs old 
_____________ 625-5o19_____________ 
Nubian and Alpine M ilk Goats for 
SPIC. 336-2448____________________ 

Phil Echavarria 
Stanley Helmke 
Raul Perales 
SAY 
C A LL OR SEE M E A T " 
Moffett Lumber Co. 
W H O LE S A LE - R E T A IL 
"D ependable Since 1935 ' 
4o7 N Z a rzam o ra , 432-7881 

P re tty , sound IO y r old m a re 
Shown English over fences and on the flat Can go W estern. Needs rider with some experience 575o. 
826 8721 aH er 
6pm 
347 5148 a n y tim e ._____ 
P urebred A rabian Filly 
I 336 7313 
R e g is te r e d 
P a lo m in o m o r e , b e a u tifu l, IS .3 h a n d s , s m o o th , p o w e rfu l 
W e s te rn E n g lis h - 
Jumps, $9oo 653 2479 
Reg w elsch Pony, excellent for 
C h ild re n 52oo 828 2145 

Figure the cost of your od from these low rotes 
Deduct 1o% for 
2 l i n e s payment with your order These rotes are for privote porty want ads 
3 l i n o s ond apply to six consecutive day insertions *2 Im ej minimum 
Ap 
A li n o s proximately 31 spaces per line 
J l i n o s 

Please check your od the first day it appears N O ADJUSTMENTS 
6 l i n o s 
FOR ERROR CAN BE MADE AFTER THE FIRST R U N N IN G DAY 
7 l i n o s 

. $ 3 .o o 
. 
4 .5 o 

. 
6 . o o 
. 
7 .5 o 
. 
9 .o o 
. 1 o .5 o 

NAME 
PHONE NO. 

ADDRESS 

CITY____ 
STATE 

START DATE. 
CLASS.. 

ZIP 

MAIL COUPON TO 
KXPRESS-NBWS DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
Ave. E at Third St./P .O . Box 2171 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 9 7 
----------- 

 o r c a l l . . . 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t o d a y 
BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! 

$ 
» 
< 
» w n 
» m 
$ f t » 
$ s 
$ 
$ s s s 
» s s 
» s s 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
» 
$ s 
$ 
$ 

168 - LOST SHP KUMP 
T T in r ra n n r rs iT rr T T s r r 
W oodlake area, 774 7 581 from 9 to 
5:3o A fter 5 3o, 661-7256 

S p irite d S o r r e l G e ld in g w ith 
Blonde M ane and Tat! 16 hands 8 yrs W e s te rn P le a s u re , S addle and Tack 344-tOSO 
IO Soringer Cows, w ill calve in I to 
4 weeks $225 *275 each Stocker colves 922 8449 
Still hove some registered paint horses to s e ll. 2 k id h orses, 7 brood m o re s , 2 y e a rlin g s , w ill sell em lig h t Bus phone 654-1444 
Roncn (Seguin t 379 7o)8)_______ 
Sudan Hay 
696 16o8 
S UDAN H AY 35 So ot 41o 
SI 5o And SI 4o___________423 4947 
Super deluxe Gooseneck ti o iler, livin g a irs . 4 horses, b e a u tifu l shope eves 735 o457___________ _ 

THE PRICE IS RIGHI 

F O U N D 
G e rm a n S h ep h erd in 
72oo block of Blanco Call 341-2381 ofter 4pm on w eekdays,__________ 
Found m ale Dachshund on loc blk of G re e n 
O w n e r p le a s e c a ll 
534 8oo8 ofter 6 pm on weekdays 
F O U N D 
W h ite P o o d le, m a le 
Area of 
W urzbach-M oonpoint. 
69o 1556___________________________ 
L O S t b lack and w hite Boston 
T e rrie r, Feb 17, Adorns Hill a rea 
674 8478 R E W A R D .______________ 
LOST 
Black Labrador R etriever in v ic in ity of E ls e n h o u e r a nd 
W alzem Rd. Childs Pet, R E W A R D 
654 o34o oil 6_____________________ 
LOST 
Blk and tan fem puppy 
No c o lla r. Ans to J o sie 
F iv e 
Palm s A rea 432-7554 
_________ 

LOST 
Blonde co cker. “ V a g a " , 
R e w ard ' 878 7689 826 3219________ 
LOST 
Diam ond cluster ear stud s o m e tim e b e tw e e n 
7 jo r-p m 
Feb 14 and l l ooam Feb IS Could be in vicinity of rodeo 
924 1643 
R E W A R D !!______________________' 

LOST 
F e m ale S ib era n H u s k y, silver ond gray, blue eyes, I yr. old LA R G E R E W A R D ! 734-4o2o 
LO ST 
F e m a le N o rw e ig o n F ill. bound nam ed "P e rk y ” near 1834 
Club on River W alk. 8pm Feb 8th 
Charles 
Pico 
656-352) 
BIG 
R E W A R D ! 
LO TT 

HO SPECIAL NOTICES 

BLOOD 
TDONATIONS? 

12o BIOSS PROPOSALS 

6ft tee post 
4"x§' No 2 Pento Post 
12' 7 ga im port barb .. 
| 17' Fo rm Gate 
42" Tw ist Stays, per C 
I" 8o psi Coil Pipe C It 

SI 87 
SI 79 
SIS 95 
$79.95 
SIS 95 
SIO SO 
B A R K E R S U P P L Y 
3143 S E M ilita ry D r. 
333-6o41 

Yearling Race Prospects 
Reg 448 1 2oo , 33 3-o116 
AO HA 

I year old Boldface Roan M ule tor sole I $4o4251 
6 Young Black Cow and Colt P airs t S73S pr *27 2267 at 12 noon______ 
E Young Holstein cow and call Call tm-mi, 
Young Sows, D u ro c 
I T r a ile r fram e 
Young 
Roosters 
S3 
449 1224__________________________ 
S yr. Dunn G elding, roping and gentle, SSOO 449 1717 

G reat Dane, faw n fem ale, e a r s u n c ro p p e d , v ic in ity of 
R id g e w o o d 
E le m 
T A N G L E W O O D Subdivision 
43o 
M aplew ood. 122-3552 Please call ofter 4pm_________________________ 

L o s t! O ft-w h ite ‘ a le n g th c o a l, 
North Star M all 224 7493__________ 
L 6 4 Y 
L a r g e c o c k e r s p a n ie l, while ond brown, short toil, long ears N am ed "Jonathan-. Vicinity 
T e r r e ll 
M ills , 
R itlim o n 
R d . 
R E W A R D ! 826 o188 
LO S t 8 month fem ale Irish Setter, scor left hind leg Irom s u rg ery , needs m edication! 341-3742______ t o s t ; oil pa in tin g of 2 horses 
R E W A R D ' 347 3IS8 
C U T T 
Old Iris h b e tte r, n a m ed 
" D e v i n " , a r o u n d L in d v 's on 
F r e d e r ic k s b u r g R d 
M o n d a y night 
822 5455, 732 7841. 
R E W A R D 
L O S t 
S m a ll b la c k 
P o o d le 
F e m a le 
F r e d e r ic k s b u r g 
Cham bers R ew ord 149 ISIS 
L i s t W Craig, sm all red white. dog 

BLOOD - PLASMA 
SIR VICES OF 
SAN ANTONIO 
NOW 

O P E N 
ACROSS FROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
112 AUDITORIUM CIR. 
Bon.-Tri. SKM LM.-4:oo PM. 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
$ PAID DONATIONS $ 

 r n 

Z 
S P E C IA L 
* 
J 
VS P R IC E 
• * 
Fri Set ond Sun on All tx 
V otic Roswges Beautiful Gelt ^ to Choose From 

^ O F I * IO, JO o.m. ta 3 a m. ^ 
£ 
PAR IS-R UBB M 
« 
Direction*, 
P r 
4 9 2 -2 9 9 4 
Af 

MASSAG ES A N O FA C IA LS i 
7 36 
o411 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS " 
P r ic e 
S h o p , 
C o m p a r e 
S till featuring 1977 M assages at 1973 
Prices. Cornel M eet our Beautiful 
N ew " M e c h a n ic s " . S o m eth in g 
! new coming soon!! 
1 
™ £ BO DY S H O P P E , 497 2oo1 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
Wedding debuts 
All occasions 
532 9543 

I yr old registered gelding oui of 
Foretost 977-87o4_______________ 
7 Y r Reg ASHA Filly, good con fo rm a tio n g re e n b ro k e . SISO 
334-o593 ofter 8 pm________________ 

926 MACHINERY TOOLS 
942 farm Equipment Supplies 

'C raftsm en tom ra d ia l a rm saw a nd attachm ents $17$. Also lathe and attachm ents SISO 494 6445 
D A V IS Model TM Tr e n th e r with oft set attach m ents $285o In te r ­ n a tio n a l M o d e l 3444 T r a c t o r 
Loader 
Backhoe in axe cond 
$595o 
THE TO R G E R S O N CO 
533 5145, 739 Steves 
D ITC H W IT C H I Shp SHOO 
OR BF ST OFF ER 481 1169 
D ra g lin e ta i sale' H e a v y D uty 
Bucyrus 38 B Like new. only 1ooo hours 4o Boom, l'» y ard bucket 
Call 
1 713 488 4484 t r t i t R i i C I M E N T M IK E ti' : 
G ood tire s 
S cu ft 
G ood buy 
876-6375 826 3932__________________ 
F o r k lilt 
W hite B u ild e rs m odel 
FL 244 4ooo1b 
7!ff lift. 8oo hours 
534 5344___________________________ I 

Hunter Wheel A lm m en i M achine 
•28 397o 

3 N A IL E R S 6 lid 
473-5511, 1-751 2422 
N E W D IE S E L T R A C T O R S w ith hyd tr oi it-nu loaders J pl hitch 
3o h p $495o 57 h p S/95o /O h o 
$895o 4 Wheel D riv e Oohon $17oo 
I It Backhoe attach m ent $795o JO h p 
Rough T e rra in F o rk lift 4ooo lb c a p a c ity 12 It m a s t S59So 
D O D G E N E Q U IP M E N T CO . 8223 
S Presa. 5)2-41 St 

C atepiitor o 4 C direct d rive with 
74oo hrs 4S dozer, HOPS canopy w ith lo g g in o s w o o p s a n d r e o r screen, engine enclosure, u n d e r­ c a rria g e 25% w orn 
T ra c to r in excellent condition $5o,ooo 
C atepitlar I Jfc motor grader 
IVOO w ith new 14 OO tiro s . 12 It h y ­ d raulic sidespin. S c a n firo 
This m achine is is excellent c audition also $2o,ooo 
C a ll T h a d or Ri chard Moore. $12 OSO o349. Corpus 
Christi, Texos_______ ____________ 
C A T E R P IL L A R D O ZE R D S For 
Sole Like now. only 12oo hours 
Coll I 71) 4oo 44o4______________ 
'7o Chevrolet tracto r and Hobbs tandem tS l9c y d dum p tr a ile r , eery neon. 45o 4 54] 

H D 19 Allis C halm ers Tractor and 
Doter loft Root Plow, Good Con dttion 513 644 237o call evenings 

 long haired m ixed fem ale 
o7o-oo12 
L O T T w h ite toy poodle no m e 
'C h e ls e a '. W est A ve a re a 
De s p e r a te , n u r s in g . 
R e w a r d 
735-8719, OOO 7o27 
Northside b e l Detective Agency 
We find tost Pets 734 o511________ 
P r e s c r ip t io n G la s s e s (B la c k 
R im ) found In parkinglot between 
McCullough and Southwest Photo 
Supply 
Apply In fo rm a tio n Desk 
Lobby Express News 

S K I - N e w M e x ic o , C o lo r a d o 
C h a rte r your own plone, Cabin 
Class Twin with nile phone, quad music. TV , M eals on board SISO per person (p a rty ot 6). round trip 
R u id o s o ; $2oo. A s p e n , V a le , 
Steam boat etc Well experienced pilots using first class equipm ent 
Also flying fishing trips, business trips 
You nom e it, w e ll tty it!! 
F IR S T T E X A S F L Y IN G S E R ­ 
V IC E 
S A 
1 o94 351o or 
1-866 3471, 

R E W A R D 
Beloved pet, mole Br Ilion y Span 
John D eere 44oo Combine. 4 row ' ie! 
White and brow n to il Nocog corn header ond 14ft grain plat doches ond Loop 41o a rea Nam e form 512-374 J462, It no answ er, 
Y a m b o '. 656 7 )8 4 . 454 461 5, 
174 37o2__________________________ 1828 4444, M r Spencer 
4o1o 
4o2o JOHN D E E R E s T iT e w a rd 
Lost I "yr old w hile 
_________ P'esel, 534-6711_______ _ 
I fem ale poodle on H a u s m a n Rd 
Jubilee Ford Tractor, good clean in ea r UTSA. 494-1126 i condition 923 o6831 I 

6 ........ 

938 

R A B B ITS I 
M U TC H E S 
______ Reasonable 922 i m ______ 

2 PeU'Ocks. 535 troth Or ike pair tor $45 4)4 3444 
F I a f o w l s 
TRW) U S 441 38o7________ 
Q U A IL , s m a ll b ird s a n d fre s h eggs large fantail goldfish 
455 1914 

"w a n T F C 

PaULIRY RABBITS BLES 
.... 

W IN T r yore, 3 to $ 

M A U A it O’ "bb A k T 
7)4 1794 
F t T T lbs 494 4)19 

M eyers Pum p I hp 3oo with J" 
; p ip e ond ro d s , c y lin d e r 
5 hp 
: Subm ergible 3oo i 4 S u b m e rg ib le w ire 
3 hp Sub- m ergible with 1) 4 pipe 444 7443 

I M F t i sem i m id 4 bottom plow 
Also smolter plows and tractors 
I 44o-1131, 454 2678_________________ 
I 8N and 9N F o rd T ra cto rs, Late 
[M o d e l 3ooo F o rd T ra c to rs . 135 and 145 M assey Ferguson T ro t tors Used P lan ters ond Cultiva tors 2 end 4 row 
D IE TI TRA CTO R CO 
1 )7 9 1945 or 654 1288 
_________ $22 IH IO Seguin_________ 

NEW D IE S E L TR A C TO R SALE, 
I 3o h o $375o 57 h p 5595o TO h p 
; 5695o 85 h p 5995o U S E D TRAC 
TO RS, 7o th ru SI h p 
J O 
115 bushel grinder m ixer S25oo New 
Owatonna 9 ti W m drew or $35oo 
D O D G E N E Q U IP M E N T CO 172) 
S Proso, 537 4151________________ 
P O R T A B L E C O R R A L P A N E L S , mode at high tensil sleet tubing, (4 b a rs ), v e ry rig id and d u ra b le 
5x1o pone!. 5)o, 5x7o panel, S4o 
Will deliver at this price Coll Joe 
Roberts. 
44$) 447 7446__________ 
ROCK P IC K E R , h y d ra u lic con trot hit 2)81 Noggings. $34-4711 
S L IG H T L Y U S K O OW A IO N A 
Self P i opened W indrow s! 
Diesel 
Pow ered a ir cond cab New beice I over $18,oo4 Sale P rice $695o 
THE TO R G E R SO N CO 
533 5145. 739 Sieves_______ 
S T E E L 
B U IL D IN G S ’ 'F o r m . 
R a n c h E q u ip m e n t, H a y a n d 
Horse B arns Pipe Pons 3)7-4*31 dqy* or nitos 

S T E E L C a fila R a c k to r long wheat bose pickup $1oo 97J 3*3/ 
Steel C attie racks le i snort nor 
1 row bed pickup 134-4247_________ 

T H E TO R G E R SO N CO 
719 Steves 
533 5145 
W A N T E D 
R ubber Tired F o rm 
I railer la baul 8ooo Ms ond I row ro llin g c u ltiv a to r 
C e ll Cottoct, otter 4pm, 44) 2277 

1o6 Pf RSOOTHS 

T 
B i r a r o r a w 
T 
B 
B 
O utside c ity P ro fe ss io n al m a s ­ seuses. 122)o IH M North between 
O C rumor I Judson Rds b i r r s S 
U 
M 
I . - M e e t I ut al singles 
C oli D a te lin e toll fre e 
MWW) 451 JHS 

IkipgcHttg UM r ip e r ledly » 

S1Qo REINARD 
Lost 
Black and s ilv er G e rm a n 
Sheoherd. Nom a 
Budda '. Viera- 
■tv Vance Jock son IHIQ 714 65o5 
S ilv e r g ro v m a le s c h n a u z e r. 
Pepper', Vicinity Alom o Hts Jr 
High M iam i. Fig IO R E W A R D ! n » m > 

S m all tan ternate dog m issin g from New B raunfels Islin Pion! a re a 
S h aved s to m a ch , b ro w n collar R ew ord Child's pet Atter spm coll 1-425 8879 

 lip SPECIAL NOTICES 

 a u d i t o r i u m 
A ir c o n d itio n e d fo r w e d d in g s , receptions, donees etc Holds up lo 45o p e o p le 
G r e a te r S A 
Builder Assoc 
4*25 N W 
IM IO 
I U M W . j 
A' Aougei cleans dogged drains and sewers best - plum bing repair too One call does it alt, prices b etoro wo s ta rt 
Savon days a week Coll anytim e 141-6124 or the white poors tor A Aouger________ 
Aimost F ree T r o n \s>o 1 i-iii.j,. ~ ‘ 
To Cleveland. New York, D enver, 
O C , Philidelphtu Coll 224 2221 

A TOUCH OF CLASS 
Best looking Girls in Texas M as sage at P A R IS HUB B 13 Beauties to choose from Open to IO am to 
3 pm Direction 492 2*94__________ 
C h r is tia n C o u n s e lin g by m a il 
C o n fid en tia l. B IB L IC A L 
W rite 
C h ris tian Caunsel, Box 7*. C as­ troville. Texas 744o* 

Ski New Mexico Colorado 
Charter your own flight $17$ per person round trip (p a rty of 4 ). 
For details, call ($12) 466 3471 

 s u n d a y i P f e d n r H o lt P ric e 
M assage from 12-4 
Fre e Sauna 
733 3361 42)8 Blonco Rd__________ th o u s a n d O ak s C o u n iiy Club. 
G old c a rd , $6oo or bes! o tte r 
Ruth Beggs. 92$ 4351, or 4*4 lo t/ u~b~6"i ^ l h u p CARS---------- 
ANY C IT Y S H A R E GAS 
N A T , INC 
_ 
(F U ) *4o 1o3o 

118 1oo6E NOTICES 

 sT e c . a i ^no eloM irToiirTnTonlo 
Council of h a do sh 
Scottish Rito 
1 Tem ple, S aturday, F e b ru a ry 19. 
I 1*77 ai I 3o A M , tar the purpose of conferring 22nd througn 3oth degrees 
M e m b e rs u rg e d to a t­ tend. visiting b reth ren cordially invited S terlin g V 
B e rn a rd . 33 
Oeg C om m ander, Roy E 
Duns more, 33 P eg Secretory__________ 

12o BIOS I PROPOSALS 

INVITATION FOR BIDS 
Th* City of Crystal City, Texos will receive bids for W r'o iy Sewer System 
Improvements until 2-oo P.M., Control 
Daylight Savings Time on the 14th of 
Botch, 1977, at the City Manager's Of­ fice of City Moll, Crystal City, Texos af which time and place all Bids will be publicly opened and read aloud 
Sealed bids and proposal, in duplicate are invited upon the several items and quantifies of materials consisting of 
Sewage 
Treatment 
Pion! 
Im­ provements; Monitoring ond Analysis lab equipment; 
Two 
Sewage lift 
Stations, ond Approximately 71,413 lineor Feet of Sewage Collection lints and laterals 
Contract Documents, including Draw­ ings ond Technical Specifications, ore on file at the City Manager s Office in the City of Crystal City and The 
Builders 
Exchange af 
Texas, 
61o 
Augusta, San Antonio, lexos 
Copies of the Contract Documents mov be obtained by payment of $1oo oo deposit of the office of Oiuna I 
Associates, Im., 8118 Broadway, Son 
Antonio, Texas 782o9, fez each set of documents so obtained foeti such deposit anil be refunded oil bidders if the Drawings and Contract Documents ore returned in good condition within 
IO days after Bid Opening; ond non- bedders returning some in good con dilion within IO days wilt be refunded 
SSO OO 
A certified check or bank draft, payable to the order of the City of 
Crystal City, Texas, negotiable U.S. 
Government bonds (at par Value) or a satisfactory Bid Bomi executed by the 
Bidder and acceptable surety in on amount equal to five percent (SH) of the total of Bid for project shall be submitted with eoch bid 
Attention is colled to the foci thot not less then the minimum salaries ond wages as set forth hi the Contract 
Documents must be paid on this pre­ lect, and thot the Confrcrtor must ensure thot employees and apphconls for employment ore not dtscnmmoted ogamst because of then race. color, religion, sex et notional origin This protect it funded by the loco! Pubbc 
Works Capitol Development ond In vestment Program of me U S Dept of 
Commerce, Eionomtc Development Ad­ ministration and Contractor will be re­ quired to employ os mony local personnel os feasible 
The City of Crystal City, Texos reserves me right ta refed any or all bids or to waive any .nformoltties m me bidding 
Bids may be held by the City of Crystal 
City, Texas fat a period not to exceed thirty (XI) days rom me dote of me opening of Bids for the puipote of reviewing the Itch and investigating the quuliliioi'om of Bidders, prier to awarding of the Contract 
OTY Of CRY STAI OTY, TUES 
B Y E s a q u ia l G u z m a n 
T i t ! * C ity M a n a g e r 
O a t * : F e b r u a r y I O , 1 9 7 7 

BIOS WANTED 

Compony No. o9-231 SO 

STATE BOARD OF INSURANCE 
STATE OF TEXAS 

January 2 1 , 1 977 

Pursuant to Article 2 1 .2 9 of the Texas insurance 
Code, I HEREBY CERTIFY THAT 
DEALERS UNDERWRITERS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS is authorized under the laws of the State to issue policies and transact the business of 
Stock 
Casualty 

Given under my hand and seal of office at Austin, Texas, the date first above written. 
Joseph D . Haw kins 

Commissioner of Insurance 

FORKLIFT 
RENTAL CO. 
G asoline A Electric 

Member of affiliated association. O wner will finance. Reply; 

EXPRESS-NIWS 
BOX 45o8 
Sen Antonio, T i. 71297 

BEAUTY SALON 
NORTHWEST 
AREA 
Fully Equipped 
7 Operator Shop 
Located in 
Glen Oaks Center 
$721 Eyers Rd. 
6 8 4 -2 2 2 3 
6 8 4 -2 6 6 6 
6 8 4 -3 3 2 4 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNVTIES 
$ 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY I 
AU NUT ACT!Un MG COMPANY 
O f . , ZOO a n w n tt. Owner 
Witt toke working mr non­ working pui h o i. 
FINI MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
O wner 32 yr*.. G rot. $ 12 o,o oo . 
Nev* $ 27 ,oo o yr. Geed parking. 
S3S.ooo. Term*. 
FO IT GAA TWING I INVESTIGATION 
Top account.. 
WW tearti new i r ^ S o o j ^ 
$2o oo° 
- 
TATIS, RECORDS, JfWElRY fixture*, 
# -’S n S tL n*c# n*iw rt», 
I jo o d o 
' " *** ,2 5 o° ° 
FAST W OO OPERATION 
MM* to,»o. Owner IO yr*. A lw ay. hu»y. N e t. $ 14 ,oo o yr., $3 2,ooo. 
MUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST 
Pl) VV* Brink lounge, g rot. 
" » $ 4o ,oo o me. .Bort hr.., good 
Irene, .e a t. $13o, $4)3,ooo In. 
CHANT)AMY ARI EM 
Excellent perking. I eqpt., moneymaker 
Term.. 

 jt— ° t 
$4SOO. 

RUBY I IOC KW STfWF 
N I, line fixture., O re*. $13 3,o oo 

N e t. $ 23 ,oo o yr. $ 4,o oo 4 Stock 
BUSY NORTHS*! RESTAURANT 
M ixed drink.. Seat. 12o. G ie w ) 
$14o,ooo. 
N e t. 
$ 4o ,oo o yr., 
$ 3o ,oo o dn. 

LARGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
C le e to bree Growing $ 33 ,oo o 
4! net. $ 13 ,oo o yr. $ 95 oo dn. 

•USY M HX HAU 
Mlxod drink.. N e t. $ 2o oo me. 
$ 13 ,oo o dn. Ne competition. 

N T GROOMING SALON A SURPLUS 
Top .pot. Bott clientele, lit. 13 yr*. N e t. $1o,ooo yr. $ 3,ooo dn. 

SEVERAL MIXED DRINK CLUBS 
NE, reel money m aker., deon I fixture., good parking, looms, { term ., 
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SALON 
NE, 3 operator., grot. $ 33 ,oo o. 
N e t. $ 14 ,oo o yr., good team , I 
$ 7,3 oo dn.. 
4 d& ClcLCoCrtAn Co: 
735-9458 
_->oo3 N, MAIN 
735-8611 

12o BIDS 8 PROPOSALS 

7 at 

I to 
1 to 
2 to 
3 ta 
7 *a 
? to 

COWBOY’S 
DISCOUNT 
On m a tt E xotic M assages 
T ry it You It lik e lit P A R IS R U B S 
Open IO 39 ant to J em 4*2 2994 

F v a i i ’ d r u g ' 
(S e r m o n * 5 
A n .w et to M i.* Am erica. 
Sheer 
B e a u ty 
P ARIS R U R B, 492 2994 
E Y E R HAVE A Switch M assage* 
COH DeBbie tor D e ta ili, 492 79*4 

FOR RENT 

9 4 2 
I a m i h jo iiJ im m -S iH itm 

F u r m oll » 7 due Rtow, tit* 3 point 'Coll Vicki or Jane of $12 454 179$ 

H ourly or daily A u dito rium and 
Forty room beautiful North Side 
Location, tr e a t tor m atte clue., p a r tie s , w e d d in g r a c u a tio n * , m e e tin g s e l a ll k in d s . 
C a ll 
344 4519 
N e a r N o rth S ta r ond 
Central Pork Matt 

INVITATION TO MD hotK# is Hemby given that the San 
Antonio Transit System will tartly* bidi for the sale lo ond purchase by me System el the following equip men!, 
Ah (ondmunmg Condenser 
Units 
Sewing Machine fomt rrassure lank 
Spray Gum 
Air Regulators 
Nutter Hoods and flames 
Vacuum Cleaners that sealed (ompetdwe kids therefor shun be delivered by bidders It the offwe of the Director of hurt twang of the San Anteing transit System, 172o 
N 
Flores Si, Son Antonio lexos 
7B7I2, tho) prior to the opening of bids the dnertaf of A uk hosing shot! make ovodaWe to prosper five bid den et surd o ft*, lad ferns, bid ope mug dotes, specific ebons and 
Other pertinent information about raid equipment end the fem of sold bids the Sen Antonio Transit System it serves the right to waive a- ivgutonnes ond to ifp rt any ai ok hopotab Bidder s eft en hen is (offed ta th# tort th** Hits prater) is funded by the Untied States Government end is requited ta (amply with, rn ad dilute ta ether pn vtsiens of the pions and spetifK attorn, the lotto wing 

 mitts. SISO I Planter boxes tor 9N 
Ford t ie 7456 Ort j a m ______ 
•I I Ford JC IKJ Diesel Ii octal $115o 
Liquid spray rig S45«,j disc $1o4 
I 43o 2977 bot ja m 
I 

LORO TRACTORS 
8N and VM with new and used mss a lim e n ts 2N F o r d fr o n t end tagger nos s F lores 
_ 
F O R D T i i i ? TOR M odel *94 in excellent rendition *299$ 
T H I: TO RG ERSO N CO 
_______ $31-114$, m Stoups 
For Sula 
F A k M A I I H tra c to r mid J disc prow a*) Pie* 
_ 
FO R $A LE U S E D F U R O T ra c ­ tors. Models MOO 
S444 end 7««• 
Arse Used h e rd 4o94 cetin F ra n le n d te o d e i 
E W A L D f o r d 
TRAC TOR, IM lf- Hw y 44, begum. 
T . I 3/4 4$yt 

I ’ so gotten m etal curb* w atering tanks i ic e b o a t condition t i l 
•a c h Com l l * IM ) 

(C oll collect) T h e* have been in your shoes ond they wont to help, 
AH otlernohve* discussed________ 

FOR H E L F with an unwed areg nancy, (a lt Edna Gladney H em *. 
Ft Worth. TX I 4o9-7*2 "o 4 
F 5 F T F 7 53 7 old tody would like ii out) p a rtn e r tor social *oM 
Box 
844$I. BA, Tx 742)7 
Mate tm ,aker Inc 
Sings** l f 41 yrs, tnlroducien* 
344 111$, Me 113$ 
POE AAB needed ta bo set to m usk 
We ofter $14,499 ca en aw ards k lo y a ltie s ana publishing 
F o r a tree evaluation send your poems 
I* Country C reations 
Box 24$/ 
Nathvrtte. Tenwesee 17314 

Bhd do she &i dot coot 

FREE 
HAFER BEDS 
EXOTIC 
MASSAGES 

Who o re y o u * M 
71**494 
A n d ra d e cell num ber or 

Pl ACI IO U ) W A NI AO 
IM im U N I S ) * 'W I 
CACI 13$ 
oo6 

G iven uy th * Foxiest G irts in San 
Anlonw Best glace to Relax ond unwind 
Feel Barter Fest" Out side City L im it* Open 14 39 to J am Directions 492 29*4 

G e t a U tn k D R L ' b' fa m o u s Leo 
M o **o « * by Our Beautiful Blond 
L E S IA Open IO 34 am ta J am 
P A R I) HUBB. 49 2 2994 
Jiffy F ie .* instant flin tin g 
A tow sor v ie * print shag near you 
1*44 McCuttouga 4 2 " io n P adre 
1741 $W M ilita ry D r. 
429* Frettericfcuburg Rd 
336 I R nap sod v at ban Pedro i r n n e S l dHLf rf* j i t E la n 
4Si 749* 

A 
{(WAI fMFlOYMfkt 
Of 
FOItUHITY 
Connector Witt be 
(•quired ta (empty with a l ap ptoebto I qual employment Op portoMty Low 
I bl AI INERT 
Of 
F MARCIAL 
ASStMAMU 
This (ontvart a rah!*! ta • ti hock ml es intone. 
(adhort between lh* pi ated qtunu* and tile US Deport j moot et transportation 
C tot I IGIBU l$ M » S AN bidders 
: wilt be leque.d ta (ortify that i 
Hwy ar* net en lh* (emptioitoi 
General t bsf et inehgibl. tad 
; 
Bars 
(ha abe** lequuementt | at* gnma rn deled et th* rn- I vn«KHI ta tad and Spec thrall#* tor Bids 
L l, Jones 

D iftclo r af Pure hastily 
I 
SOR Autoing flutist! System J 

I 
Seated Bids addressed ta th* City 
Clerk, City Had. Son Anlonw. Texas will be fteemed tar LCC PAM DEVELOP 
MIRT in accordance with pions anc! J epee tic attorn on file m tat Otto* of I 
James N Acosta, (ngmeetmg Division fourth Float of City Haft 
2. TH* bids shag bt submitted in I dupkcat*. lh* envelops containing any bid lo be endorsed os follows 
ICC FAM DI VU OMORI 
A TWI RIT 
FIVE DO ILA! - (S2Soo) - deposit I will be requited en eoch set of ptom j and spacihcabans 
3 
A (ashlers Check or bid bond J payable to th* artar et lh* City of San | 
Anlonw, Texas, in an amount not toss [ 
'than five per cent (SH) af ta# total ; bid, must accompany tech tod as a guarantee thot ii awarded ta* con bact, ta* successful bidder Witt'pc* nprty enter int* a contract and ex­ ecute a bend on th* standard forms pcovtoed, os outlined in ta* tpeuhca lions and (oohact documents 
4 lids wtll be 'teemed m th* Offwe of th* 
City 
(totk until 
2oo 
PM , 
IU(SOAT, MARTH B. 1977 and then publicly opened end lead aloud, any bids retinted titter tam Witt be let urn 
•d unopened 
5 A /u t oi usance Bond. ut an amount al nut tats than on# hundred pet cent 
I (1oo%) af th* contract putt, can lf ditto nod upon ta# faithful 
Ipertormonct of th* centred end upon 
■the payment el att persons supplying lubex and furnishing motenoh, Witt b« requited A Payment Bond, as required by Art SIAO, IC S, Taxes, must atta bt 
.nu. cled i 
Tho successful bedder Witt be ta I guiled ta execute ta* standard tan sir uchen contract prepared ond sup pued by tat City 
I Th# City reserves th# right la retort any and att bah and waive any tai malines 
I This is a proposed pubbc works con wort, ond Artal# Sl>9a, IC S lexos es amended, requiting thot not less thou th# pervading mig. rate foe week el a scmttor (hexutter us tan locality shod be pend att taborets, workmen. 
Lind i nee homes employed in ta* can struttiox thereof sisal be complied 
With 
9 
‘ NON DISCRIMINAT­ 
ION 
IN 
EMPLOYMENT 
BIDDERS ON THIS WORK 
WILL 
BE 
REQUIRED 
TO 
COMPLY 
WITH 
THE 
PRESIDENTS 
EXECUTIVE 
ORDER NO. 11246- THE 
REQUIREMENTS POR BID­ 
DERS 
ANO 
CON­ 
TRACTORS 
UNDER 
THIS 
ORDER 
ARE 
EXPLAIPdCD 
IN THI SPECIFICATIONS." 
G V. JACKSON, RJ. 
City Clark 

BIDS WANTED 

1. Sealed bids addressed to the City 

Clerk. Qty Hall, San Antonio, Texas will 

 be received for CONSTRUCTION OF IM 

PROVFMFNTS ARD ADDITIONS TO THE 

CITY OF SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS, CON­ 

VENTION CENTER ARENA, in accordance 

 with plans ond specifications on file in 

 the office of James H Acosta, City 
Engineer, Engineering Division, Fourth 

Floor of City Hall 

2. Bids will be received of the oHice of the City Clerk, City of San Antonio, 

Texas, until 2oo oclock PM , on 

Friday, the 18th day of March, 1977, 

 and then publicly opened ond read. 

Any bids received after that time will 

 not be accepted. 

3 
The bids shall be submitted in 

 duplicate on Form 9-12 (Rev Feb 7o), 

Proposal to City of San AntonioThe 

 envelope containing any proposal 

 sholl be endorsed: "Bid on Additions to 

 the City of San Antonio, Texas, Con­ vention Center 

4 
Pions ond 
Specifications ore 

 available in the office of James H. 

Acosta, 
City Engineer, Fourth Floor, 

City Hall, Son Antonio, Texos, where 

 they may be examined without charge. A SOO OO deposit will be re­ 

 quired from any person toking said 

Plans ond Specifications out of said of­ 

 fice Additional instructions to bidders 

 aie contained in said 
Plans ond 

Specifications. 

S. A Cashier s Check or 8id Bond payable to the order of the City of Son 

Antonio, in the amount of not less 

 than FIVE PERCENT (S%) of the total 

 bid must accompany each bid in ac 

 cordance with the Instructions to Bid 

 dees 

6 The City reserves the right to reject 

 any ond all bids and waive any 

 formalities 

7 This is a proposed public works con­ 

 tract, ond Article 5159o, R C S Texos, as amended, requiring that not less 

 than the prevailing wage rate for work 

 of o simitar character in this locality 

 shall be paid all laborers, workmen, 

 and mechanics employed iii the con 

(traction thereof shall be complied with 

8 
NON DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOY 
MENT 

BIDDERS ON THIS WORK Will BE RE­ 
QUIRED 
TO 
COMPLY 
WITH 
THE 

PRESIDENTS 
EXECUTIVE 
ORDER 
NO 

11246 THE REQUIREMENTS TOR BIO 

DEBS ANO CONTRACTORS UNDER THIS 

ORDER 
ARE EXPUINED 
IN 
THE 

SPECIFICATIONS ’ 

G.V. JACKSON, JR. 
City Clerk 

12o BIDS 8 PROPOSALS 

A public hearing will be held Monday, 
February 28, 19/7, 84)o - 9-oo a.m., to review plans for continuation of the 
Education Service Center, Region 2o 
ESEA Title VII Bilingual Education Pro­ gram. The program involves training of sixty 
(6o1 teachers from the 
Edgewood, Harlondale, Carrizo Springs, 
Crystal City and San Felipe-Oel Rio In­ dependent School DBtncts. The hear­ ing will be held in the Center s Board 
Room af 155o N E loop 41o, Son An­ tonio, Texas. The proposal will be available For inspection beginning at 
3-oo p m , February 25, 1977 in the 
Center offices, I SSO N.E. loop 41o, Son 
Antonio, Texas. 
For additional in­ formation, call either Elvira P. Barrera or Dr. Noel Jackson at 828-3551. 

MONEY MAKERS 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S . $68o m o. 
4-piex. O wner c arry . $47,ooo. 
FT 
SAM A R E A , $37o mo. M ake otter $22,ooo 
D E N V E R HG TS. E xc e lle n t rent property, turn., $9,75o 
M IN N O W S G A L O R E , M a r b le 
Falls, established 14 yr. old busi­ ness. O w ner re tirin g , exc elle n t inco m e, In v e n to ry , nice hom e. 
Owner Corry. Call Bob 
C A N Y O N L A K E IO unit m otel, plush lounge with 4 ft. TV screen, coffee shop, g a m e ro o m , o ffic e space, good income, ow ner carry. 
Si5,ooo down. 
Van Buren 6 Assoc 
484 7171 
433-1247 
696 589* 

O IL F IE L D O P P O R T U N IT Y 
Con own your own business in your home oreo. Must be fa m ilia r with tubular goods Small invest m en* re q u ire d w ith established com pany. Send inquiries to P O 
Box 8332, Corpus Christi, Tx 78412 

S e a le d B id p ro p o s a ls w ill be received by the Board of Trustees of the N o rth E a s t In d e p e n d e n t 
School D is tric t for the follow ing item at the tim e shown: 
F A B R IC A T E D M E A T ; 3:oo p.m ., 
Wednesday, F e b ru ary 23, 1977 

Bld form s m ay be picked up prior to bid opening in the office of the 
D ir e c to r of 
P u r c h a s in g , 
N E I S D., 1o333 B roadw ay, San 
Antonio, Texos 

"Own Your Own Business" White 
Auto Stores, 391o Call F ield Rd 
Wichita Falls, Tx (817)491-341o 

5o1 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
5o1 8BS1NESS OPPORTUNE 

COMPLETE MoNRoBoT COMPUTER SYSTEMS 

Moo! for Small Expanding Businesses 

Full Accounting Programing 

MoNRoBoT X I 2K COMPUTER, I IBM I/O Selects typewriter, I magnetic card device, I paper tape reader, I paper tope punch, I I/O buf­ fer, I Monrobot PO-3 odd punch...................................... 
» I7S par month. lease Purchase 6o months 

MONROBOT XI 2K Computer, TWO IBM I/O Selectric typewriters 
I magnetic cord device, I paper, tape reader, I paper tape punch, 11-o buffer 
I cabinet-short console, I NCR add punch...........................>27$ par month 
(lease Purchase, 6o mos.) 

Numerous computer programs (additional ones available) and several thousand magnetic cards included. 

For more information call 
Newman Long and Assoc., • 733-8118 

P A R T N E R , Steak House venture, 
Call How ard Burnette. 655-5886 

S e a le d B id P ro p o s a ls w ill be received by the Son Antonio In ­ dependent School D istrict on the following: 
Bid No 77 39 
E X T E R IO R M E T A L G A T E A T 
D E A F S C H O O L B id O p e n in g : 
Thursday, M arch 3, 1977 at IO 3o a .rn 
Bid form s m ay be picked up prior to bid opening at the Office of the 
P u rc h a s in g A gent, IH S A ustin 
Street, San Antonio, Texas. 

124 LEGAL NOTICES 

P E N D U L U M L O U N G E , ta k e over paym ents, assum e loon on ideal night spot. N e ar Lackland 
673 8156 a fte r $ 
P O S S IB L E D R E A M ' O u r d is ­ tributors open their office at 5PM and close at 9PM and earn 55o,ooo a y e a r plus. D is tr ib u to r s h ip s available 
Call 
M r .Van collect 
(512)735-615) 

 sd projxzwils 
Owners will be resented in the Ad minrstratrvf Office of tho North lost 
Independent School District. 
1o333 
Broadway, Son Antonio, Texos 

Work <(insisting of removing (listing parking stripes at 4 High School pork tag lots ond rtstrqxng the lots in ec cordons* with the pions Th* Schools included ore Churchill, lee, MacArthur and Roosevelt High Schools, oho in­ cluded m this protect is the relocation of existing bumper curbs af MacArthur 
High School and aho included is on alfet not* btd for removing stripes by water blasting 

 lids Witt be received unhl March 8, 
1977 al 7oo PM and then Witt be publicly opened ond read aloud 
Plans and specifications are avo Habit of 
Pope Dawson lnoim>eis 
B7oS 
S-oudwcy, Son Antonio tov a deposit of 
5 J j DO, a 5% Bid Bomi or Cashiers 
Check is required 

North East Independent School District, c/o Of 
'“on W fitrwatei, Superin­ tendent, 1o333 Bi-.nut»oy, Son An­ tonio, I t ids OWNERS 

Pope Oowson, 
STOS Blood way 
San 
Antonio. Texas 71217 Civil Engineers 

Used elementary size 

 classroom furniture 

 from the North East 

Independent 
School 

District will be sold by 

 auction on 
Wed­ 

 nesdays, February 23, 

March 2, 9 ,1 6 , and 23, 

1977 at 7:15 p.m. 

This sale will be 

 handled by the Barnes 

Auction 
Company at 

-their location at 26o1 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
Dunn A B ra d s tre e t says ‘Coin 
O p e r a te d L a u n d r y a n d 
D r y 
C leaning Stores o re one of two industries with the least failure figures ' 
K W IC K W A S H c o in o p e r a te d la u n d ry and d ry c le a n in g test stores for sale 
WE H A V E choice lau n d ry lo ca ­ tions in every port of Son Antonio reody lo build now 
BANK R ATE F IN A N C IN G 
For inform ation call Ed Floyd 
512-684-3771 o r v is it o u r w a r ­ eh o u se s h o w ro o m a t 
54o3 
Jackwood, San Antonio Tx. 78238 
Ford Com m ercial Sales Inc. 
The W orld's Largest 
I 
Speed Queen Distributor 
P R O F IT 
P O T E N T IA L , 
C om 
| Laundry equipm ent, paid $46,ooo 
! w ill sell tor s is ,OOO Cash! John 
| Philpott 342 48o8 _______________ 
R E A L estate broker needs work- 
! ing p a r tn e r w itn s a le s m a n s 
1 license and kno w le d g e of c o m ­ m ercial real eslate in San Anton- rn 341-7133_______________________ 
R E D W O R M S , c o m p a re p rice s 
I b efo re you buy. B u y-b o ck con­ tra c t tim e pa ym e n ts plan on a 
I-bed 8x3 ft , 5o,ooo w orm s to a 
6-bed o p e ra tio n , also h a rv e s t m achines available. Thom as A r­ nold, 64o7 O riskany, San Antonio, 
Tx 78747, 512 656 oo16 

South Hackberry, Son 

Antonio. This auction 

 is open to the public. 

R E P O 1ox16 Portable Sales Office 
Complete Term s 732-5171. 
S e lf-S e rv ic e W a s h a te ria , Good location, $45oo cosh 735 o 4 " 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 
‘ 512 

NEW CLASS STARTS FEB. 28 
“ APPROVED FOR VETERANS” 

• RADIO-T.V. REPAIR 
• TELEVISION TECH. OPERATOR 
• RADIO BROADCAST-LICENSING 
• RADIO OPERATOR (F.C.C., I st CLASS) 

For Information 

CALL-WRIT! OR VISIT 
ELKINS INSTITUTE 
3o3 S. Mom 
^^ j gm 
San Antonio, Tx. 
2 2 3 —1 8 4 8 

E M P L O Y M E N T 
J f H 
J 

6o1 
PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

S M A L L T O W N S o u th T e x a s 
L o rg e b u ild in g s u ita b le fo r g ro c e ry store, re s ta u ra n t, etc. 
Plus service station on corner lot doing good business. 
O w ner financed 
Dick Young Real Estate 
Karnes City, Texos 
I 78o-24oo_________________ 78o-2397 
South P ark M all 99o sq ft avail a 
Ole for lease im m ediately. Contact 
927-69oo or 333-o14) anytim e 

ELECTRONIC TECHNICIANS 
Western has immediate openings for electronic technicians with a minimum of 2 years ex­ perience an d /o r training. 
Applicants should be willing to travel or live overseas. Excellent opportunities for career ad­ vancement. Write: 
J.M. DESMOND OR C.J. PHILLIPS 
WESTERN GEOPHYSICAL 
COMPANY 
P.O. BOX 2 4 69 
Houston, Texas 77oo1 

An l* v t t Opportunity employer M /9 

N O TIC E IS H E R E B Y G IV E N by 
I th# Northside Independent School 
D is tric t th a t a P u b lic M e a lin g concerning the districts applica lion for F e d e ra l Funding under j P u b lic L a w 9 ] 38o 
B ilin g u a l, j Bicultural Education" will be held 
, on Thursday, F eb ru ary 24, 1977, of 7 P M , tn the Linton Admtms- 
I t r o l l va O ffic e B u ild in g , 5223 
Blessing interested persons ore 
, invited to attend the m eeting. For 
I ony inform ation coll 432-76o5 

5o1 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

BACK FR O M R E N T 1ox12 Office, 
Terms, F ree D elivery, 924-5oo3 
B O U TIQ U E 
G reat opportunity. 
V ary reasonable Good location. 
Coll 444 69o5 or 484-3445__________ 
CAR W A S H E R S w ith g a s o lin e dumps Good locations E xcellent opportunities! 333-3o31 M 

24oo S O F T 
B U IL D IN G p lu s sm aller building, sm all office, oir conditioned Room tor expansion. 
Dick Young Real Estate 
Karnes City, Texas 
I 78o-26oo_________________ 7oo-2397 
T H E L A G U N A L O D G E in P o rt 
M a n s fie ld com es w ith 24o toot fro n tag e on R edfish B a y. This popular 12 unit lodge it a good investm ent or a oertect piece tor a couple who wish to som i-retire. 
Ed G la z e R e a lty - P o rt M a n t- fledta. Texos 7858o (512)944-1355 
TH E W A R E H O U S E C L U B ond 
Discotheque is being offered tor sole 
Reasonable term s, proven fin a n c ia l success. C o n tact M r stout 341 1134. 494 3229 

ADMINISTRATOR 
J 

Multi-level hxility is seeking an experienced ad­ ministrator to fill on immediate opening. This is an op­ portunity to join one of Son Antonio's largest ond most successful nursing homes. Must possess o current Texos 
Nursing Home Administrator license and a minimum of 2 yrs. experience. 

Send resume and qualifications to 

Express & News Box 452o 

Son Antonio, Tx. 78297 

TH IS IS IT' LO U N G E , Converse, 
Texas Low down paym ent. Low re n t 
C a ll SSI 9443 a lle r 4 P M . 
341 1726 after SPM 
19 U N IT A P T C O M P L E X 
I$42 N. Alom a, near B roadw ay. 
Ft 
S a m , D o w n to w n . A ll fu r - niehed. a ir conditioned. Inco m e 
$21oo m o 
Z o n e d b u t i n * * * , 
$14o,ooo By Ow ner 824-lOSO 
WE BUY 
B u tin e **** and Inventor ie* 
J K A H N A ASSOC 341-4812 

S12 - INSTRUCTIONS 

M ake E xtra D o llar* in you te a r# lim e te llin g A d v e r t i n g C a le n ­ dar*. Font, Bait P en*. Key Tag*. 
Etc, "B ig P ro fit*" . For m ore in­ fo r m a tio n W r ite To 
A S T R O | 
LIT H O A D V E R T IS IN G . T H E SSO 
L E J E U N E B LD G . S U T IT E 2o1. 
M IA M I, F L O R ID A 33116_________ 
S O U TH W E S T School of M edical 
A th eto tic* 
224 2296 
HS 
Broadway 

NOTKE TO MDDfRS 

Stator) beck will bt received by the 14xo4 Deportment of Mon tai Health and Mental Retarta iron 
Deugn ond (ouitraction 
Section, loom 4o/, Central Of hee Budding Annex, 44QS N 
I amar Auitin, Ttxai, unhl 3 3o 
P M (COT), Thunder Match 3. 
19/7 loc Prated Ha /$ o38 
678 
KF Mil lenovahoni, 
Audio State School. 77o3 Wed 
3$th 
Street, kultur, 
Texoi 
Ptoni and SpectfKOhom ara available of th* off ic# af 
Jtittn 
Allocute*. 
Inc, 
/OO 
Amel icon Bonk Tower Audm, 
Texoi /I/O I, (SI7) 4/8 743/ coon receipt af dr yurt for 
$1oo oo Bidi will be taken in accordance with 
Stat* pro cedutei 

NOTICE TO BIDOERS 
Seeded bidi will be received by the leioi Deportment of Men tai Health and Mental ((tarde lion, D#*tgn and ( omit im turn 
Section, loom 4o7, Central Of 
Ik * Budding Annex, 44oS H lamer. Audm. I tim . unto 3 3o 
P M (COI). Ihurtdoy. Match % 
19/7 for Propd Ho 76 o4/ 
4/S. KF Mtt lenoeatwni. Trawl 
Stat# School. Webbervtt* load 
Aud*, Ttxai Ptoni and Spec! tic attorn ar* ovattobi* et ta* office of )#ii#n A tux tate-, loci. 
/OO 
American 
Bank 
Towel. 
Audm 
Ttim * 78/o1, 
(SI?) 
4/8 743/ upon receipt el d#p#iii tor SIOOOO Bah etal be token rn occerttonct with Slot* fxoredurat______ 

BID IN VITA TIO N 

T n * San A n to n ia U nion Ju n io r 
Cottage D id n t! t» accepting b id i for th# tole - rem eval of m u tin g h a u te * 
F o r m o r t in fo rm a tio n c o n ta c t W 
L lo y d C C h n t fta y , 
734 7 3 " , ext 42* 
S e a le d l i d A r o p o t a lt w ill be received by th * Son Antonio In i< u< nd#nt School D itlrtc l on th* following item * 
Bid No. 77 4) 
C afeteria Food and Supplte* Bid 
Opening 
1$ 3o 
A M 
M a rch 7, 
1977, 
Bid No 77-44 
M eal P roduct* Bid Opening 
I 3o 
P M M arch 7, 1977 
Bid No 77-4$ 
L a w n E q u ip m e n t 
2 
JO P .M . 
M arch I. 1977 
Bid tad 77 44 
M o w er F la il-B id O pen ing 
I JO 
P M M arch I. 1977 
Bid No 77-47 
H eating R e p a ir d a m * Bid O pen­ ing 
IO M A M M arch I. 1977 
Bid te rm * m ay be picked up prior lo bid opening at th# office of the 
P u rc h a jin g A gent, 121$ A ustin 
Street, Son Antonio, T tx o *_______ 

And ll I easy! Just call ut today and wa ll put your low coot ad in print. 

For extra cath, te ll those golf club* , . . now! 

C a ll 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

C H R IS T IA N BO O KSTO RE 
N orthside m a il. Good b u tin e **. 
$14.ooo tosh 342 4 o " , 453 o 4 " 
C LU B FOR SALE 
T e rrific NS location O w ner a n x ­ ious, t i l G e n e ra l K ru e g o r, a tt 
4/oo blk of Blanco $5ooo down, 
$45o mo rent 341 o 1 )4 ________ 
Established bed and bath chop 
Ideal location 
Couple re tirin g 
COH R E A LTO R 494-1951 
Century 21 
C U P P Y GLASCOCK 
Fine Jew elry and G ift Store 
P rim * N ortheast location 
1,ooo sa tt $4o ooo con 123 atis f l o w e r s h o p 
F o r sate by o w n e r 
N o rth e a s t oreo *53 5938 bel IJ nom 
_ 
F o r L e a s e ; L a r a * w a re h o u s e , 
: practically new. Leon S pring* on 
SP Ti OCK*, tor info 924 39)7 
For Loos* 
T h * Biiou Lounge j 4)o4 San P edro. Fully equipped tor business 
341-7286 or ova* 
494 2434______________ _ 
FO R S A L E OR L E A S E , la r g e b u ild in g in B o tr n e , E x c e lle n t 
■ Location 
For 
Inform ation 
I I o33-4556 
_____________ ___ 
G ro c e ry e to re to r sate in th e b e a u tifu l H ilt C o u n try n e a r 
I G arner S tat* P ark at leakey, Tx doing a good b u tin e * * 
O w n e r wishes to retire, owner financed 
Pays T H I - $444, night* I i l l 4411. 
H A R D W A R E A N D A U T O M O ­ 
T IV E Town OO m i east of S A. Soli tor fixture* ond inventory Loose or sell building Some financing a v a ila b le . W r it* E x p re s s N ew s j Box 74o4 

H IL L C O U N T R Y 
N E A R C A N YO N LA K E 
C ountry hem e, e ta * 
M om and 
Pop Type" restaurant tavern with two gas pum ps, plus equipped m e c h a n ic 's o a ra g e 
2 4 a c re s , fenced w ith b a rn s 
O w n er w ill fin a n c e to r q u a lif ie d p a r ty 
(ow ner m ight consider a tro d e ) 
Coil owner V 9 )$ -3 I$ I 

IF YOU ARE LOOK (N O tar a re­ tail location in a shopping cantar in on a rea et growth. Helotes, call u t 
W E IS G A R B E R 
P R O P E R T IE S M f )7»4 

LEH BE PARTNERS 
G reat Am erican W orm G row er is looking tor people to participate rn en* of th* most unique end inter, a s t in t b u s in e s s e s lo d a y - t h # w orm business I 
H ero i t your c hance to tu rn a rather nom inal investm ent into an e x tr e m e ly p r o fita b le business~«na that can bo e s p ar* tim * tab or a tuft tim # profession 
H o * do you p a y / S im p le , our m arket dem and it so g reat that now g r o w e r * o r e n e e d e d im m ediately (W e will purchase, et a ore specified price. Pit the w orm s 

W E L L E S T A B L IS H E D lin g e rie shop, repeal business, w ill train buyer $22,ooo 
ROSSI R E A L T Y 
494-778) 
W h o le s a le -r o to il L IV E B A IT 
HOUSE at Canyon Lake. Fishing ta ckle, on p re m ie ** d e ar, p le a ­ s a n t sm o o th o p e r a tio n . G ood 
1913 S Flores profits New building and equip 
___ 
' 

T m m m 
" or own,r torrv no'* 
BOI 
PROFESSION 

|V e te ra n Inquiries Welcome 
Texas Vocational School 

WORMS 
We buy w orm s under contract 
W orm grow ers needed 
$12*5)514o 
W O RM E N T E R P R IS E S 
5o4 MOOTY IO liWO 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We specialize in th# a u re lia ** of: 
•Chattel or Root Estate Notes 
• Financial Looting 
•Factoring Accounts Receivable 
IN Q U IR E AT 224-o)14 
IOU NRC Bldg 
San Antonio 
H IG H L A N D PA R K STATE BANK 
The bank with m ore tim * tor you! 
Highland o) H ackberry 532 3 " ) 
N E E D CASH 77 
BUT H A V E NO C R E O IT T /T 
( all Union Fm once 223 *o7) 
SM ALL HO NO R LOANS 
JUST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
AAA C R E D IT 
___________223o249 

S ta rtin g , exp an d in g , in ta n g ib le a c c o u n ts r e c e iv a b le .. c a s h a v a ila b le to r these a n d o th e r 
^ n w » e jjje # d i^ jC B lt*7 M 8 $ ^ o w _ 

512 INSTRUCTIONS 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisement* rn tat** columns ort a.ctpted to tat put mil* that iota of t#i»d etal bt filed on tat tams ot mtcii without diMiimination btcuust of tex unless th* |*b is e bonufitt* or cupoiitinol qualification 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES lh# Son Antoine frivol* tmploymtni 
Association hoi a ngtt (od* of Ithics to ahull att its pnvalf employment agency members subscribe foe rn toimotian obout pnvote employment agene its or ortion on complaints, coil 
?. 4 '8o2 of th* 
Ittttc 
Business lur*#* 

DIRECTOR 

TRANSITIONAL 

LIVING 

FACILITIES 

Adm inisters a transitional 

 living facility and super­ 

 vises staff in the care of 

 residency. 
Requires m as­ 

 ter or higher d egree in 

 psychology, social w ork, 

 education or related field. 

Salory $ 1 ,6 3 9 per m onth. 
Contact personnel o ffic e , 

M anuel 
Romos 
Jr. 
5 3 2 - 

8 8 1 1 . 

I qual Opportunity Affirmative 
Adion I mpioyet 

 our grow ers can produce i t hesitate— com pare and you 
Don! will find G rea t A m erican n o u n 
G row ers is in a class by itself 
Chil br w rite : G re e t A m e ric a n 
W orm G ro w er* 
18431 Nacogdoches Rd 
San Antonio 78217 
(1 I3 I4 J * 3244 

LO UNG E on Pleasanton Ro Fui iv equipped P riced to set) 
974 451) 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 

M E X IC A N 
R E S T A U R A N T . 
O w ner re tir in g 
U n iq u e e p p er- 
•unity ta net am e established l l yr eld b u lln o s e 
G ro s s in g g y g r 
* J .H y » L « U * Z I __________________ 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 Short W otks 

Other Training in: 
Computet Operations 
Computer Programming 

Mbditoi Assistant 
MttdKoi Secretory 
Hors#') Aide Orderly 

Coll 224-9286 
CBM 
Education Center 
1121 Navarro 

D A Y X N I T E C L A S S E S 
Keypunch. S ec retaria l. Account mg. D ratting and AM Other bus, ness Courses 
Vet Approved E nroll Now 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
1o$ S A N P E D R O 
273 $4o1 
Finish High School et Hom e 
D iplom a aw arded For fro * b ro ­ chure coil A m erican School, ram tree 
I-8H-421 B i l l ______________ 

LfWtS BARBER COLLEGE 
6288 I Flores 
924 3488 

P je e C T O R fo r Y W C A C a m p 
Id ta w ild * . P la n n in g , s te ttin g , s u p o ru ls ig n ond b u d g e tin g gt 
*b m p p ro g ra m tor youth ond adults Developm ent of now ond Innovative program EA bagre# pius J y e a r* in comp att- m in ,m a tro n 
A pply YW Clk 318 
/McCullough An E qual Opporton ity E motey or 
__ ______________ 

EXPERIENCED 
CIVIL DftAfTSPERSBN 
Solar y Open 
828-1$$) 

Children’s W ear 
Manufacturer Needs 
SUPERVISOR/ 
INSTRUCTOR 
FOR SI W INO MACHINE 
OPERATORS 

 lig h t m anagem ent c ap a b iiih e* or instructor with obility to advonca. S alary o pan 
Relocation allow once 

PARKER OF 
HOUSTON 
P.O. Bom 1 M 6 9 
(713) $28-1 St I 

Experienced CPA to worh in taco) accounting o ffice 
S otory open 
Send re p lie s to E xp re s s New s, 
Box $2$), 78287 
EXPERIENCED 
COBALT 

PROGRAMMER 

Qualified applicants we encouraged to submit resumes to; 

THt Express News 

Box Ho. 52o8 
78297 

Y o u ’ll b e a m a ze d at th e in te re b tin g j o b * o ffe r e d in t o d a y ’s 
W a n t A d s ! 

Call 225-1666 

G EO Tech Engineer with exp rn field, lap work, report w riting ppd u ttir* m gm t S alary com m ensur of* with exp 214 4813 

H E L IC O P T E R TEC H 
IN STR U C TO R 

S H tfft-S K S rS ft& R T 
Good compony benefits bend re s u m * to 
A E R O S P A T IA L * 
C O R P 
1781 
W 
M A R S H A L L 
O R IE V R I G R A N O P R A lE 
TX 
/SB H e r c a ll M R w 
M IZ E L L 
214 441 24o8 or 214 441 19*8 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS ADS 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. • 
• 

A l i n e s 
$ 
IO DAT S 
7 

NOH COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
■ W 
6 6 A 
QUICK R E S U L T S ! 

SOI PROFESSIONAL 
6o2 SALES 
U 
L 

EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR 
Salary $1 6,5o o to 
$1 8,oo o par yea r 

Responsible for all opera­ tions of non-profit cor­ poration involved in teaching those adults re­ quiring 
ESI and 
BED preparation. 
Duties in­ clude administration work, preparation of budgets, and contracts proposal; also arranging workshops for volunteer teachers. 
Social Ed ad­ ministration an asset. 

Send resume to 
San Antonio 
Literacy Council 
4o6 Market St. 
San Antonio, Tx. 782o5 

 equal opportunity employer 

A A A A R A A R A R A A A A R j 

 f*PROGRAMMER/ j 
I 
ANALYST 

■ 2 to 3 years experience J 
■ data communications. I 
I Burroughs experience 
5 preferred. Knowledge of 
I LCOBOL HELPFUL. Salary 
■ 

 commensurate with ex­ perience 
| 
Sand resume to: 
I 
Express-News 
Box 4519 
San Antonio 78297 

INTERESTED IN 
NUTRITION 

(PART TIME SALES) 

General Nutrition Inc. is looking for mature sales people for our location at 
5 1 6 
E. 
Houston St. Interested in or knowledge of nutrition helpful, but not necessary. Previous retail sales work preferred. 
W e pay com­ petitive wages with a good commission pro­ gram, designed for top notch sales people. 
Hours would be mainly weekdays with no night work after 6 :3 o p.m. lf you are interested, please apply at: 
GENERAL NUTRITION 
CENTER 
516 E. Houston St. 
San Antonio, TX. 

A pply on M o n d a y , Fob. 2 1 , fro m 9 :3 o a .rn .-5 :o o p .m . 

I 
* 
* 
* * 
* 
* 
* 
* A r * * * At A A A A A A A A A i 

OPPORTUNITY 
To sell 
Patented 
Hand 
Stamp developed by 
Johnson 
Wax 
Replaces Rubber Stamps — (Na Rub­ ber, Ink or Pad!) Protected territory, commission on oil repeat business, no investment; field training assistance available. 
Send your nome, phone number, address and hp code lo Permo-Stamp Division, 
The Southwell Compony, P O Box 
299 Son Antonio, Texas 78291 for full information, or coll 
Perma 
Stomp Division, 223-1831. 

* 2 , 9 1 3 , 4 4 o 
66 HOMES SOLD 
Bv the N O RTH CENTRAL Office o f the DEANIE O W E N S 
CO 
O nly ONE o f the 22 offices in town. How w o t it d o n e f By the best com bination o f h a rd work, a ttitu d e , a n d trainin g, training, trainin g. The w inning team has o pe ned a new office, and is looking fo r m ore folks to train, train, train, lf you believe in yourself, a n d hove a desire to learn, you may q u a lify fo r the p riv ile g e o f w e aring 
A RED COAT 

 m otor reason we are ling 
O N TOP” . C a ll 

Paul Phillips a t 3 4 9 - 3 5 3 5 fo r a co n fid en tia l in te rv ie w 

 m m 

PROFESSIONAL 
SALES 

In-home or furniture 

 experience preferred 

 but not necessary. All 

 good closers con­ 

 sidered. Prequalified 

 appts. furnished. Top 

 pay commensurate 

 with ability. We will 

 train you. Expenses 

 furnished while 

.training. 

Arrow 
Upholstery 

1126 N. st. 

Mary’s 

227-5o51 

1oam~4pm 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 
SECRETARIAL 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday February 19 1977 
A Page I I -H 

SECRETARIAL 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
Our •(panstun program 
Hat opened 
MV*'al ' residential 
(alai potihon 1 ar career-orient­ ed parson* with ar WITHOUT experience Your meats poten­ tial is thoroughly explored in our 
CoNHDINT1AI iittorviaw program. H you ara accepted, yaw benefit from our extensive m-hausa training program and our proven success patterns. 
Call furry Seagrove, 824-o121, ut eur San Rear* Office ar Bill 
McGinnis, 
494-7AS I, at our 
Breek hallow Office, 1513o Sen 
Pedro. 

 k o S O U T & k t iT K v 

REAITORS-SO YRS. Of TRUST 

COBOL PROGRAMMER 
* l_-2 yrs. experience or w ill consider recent com puter 
.science or business school program m ing graduate, 
.subm it resume and salary requirem ent to: 

Personnel Director 
M is s io n V a lle y M ills 
P.O. Bo* 141 
N ew Braunfels 781 3 o 
•qual opportunity omployor MZF 

F U N E R A L D I R E C T O R 

M O R T I C I A N 
■ or Fu n eral Home in C entral fexos. Good opportunity for right person Reply to Experess News - 
Box as 17 
Son Antonio. TX 78287 

LOB H U N TIN G ’ 512-565,ooo Ber j hard H aldane & Assoc. < 51 2> j 
242 LISO 
Since 
1 947. 
Not a j placement ogency______________ 
A c e d Full time person in Optical field Experienced preferred but not necessary. Coll 653-5887 tor appointment___________________ 
Professional Executive 
Consultants Int l 
'*» 
Personnel Consultants 
8243 IH IO, Suite 44o v 
SU 73o-22*3_________ 
RICH and Associates 
Employment Service 
684o A Son Pedro 82o-o6*1 
Sari Antonio ISO hot an URGENT deed to r C ertified Security Of­ ficers' Requirements. C ertifica­ tion unemployed 3o days prior to ap p licatio n , reside in im p act m ea, applications accepted at 
HIO Austin St________________ 
SP ASSOCIATES Professional 
Employment Consultants 
’ 
828 5373 • DOO Plato W_____ 
S T R U C T U R A L 
S T E E L 
O E 
B A IL E R S m inim um 5 yrs exper- ! 
“lance 
Top wages, benefits 
o*4 ooSI________________________ 

 i 7 TEACHERS! 
Oweouiiting Teacher placement 
SPEARS PERSONNEL Srv l o; Jackson Keller 
82o-12*2 
Wanted a registered C IV IL E N ­ 
GINEER licensed in Texas tor the position of C IT Y E N G IN E E R 
G raduate in civil eng ineering from a Southwest conference school preferred Experience in n< sign and construction ot street 
Raying, water and sewer lines and 
Storm sewers. General knowledge 
•t municipal operations and od 
I itiinittralive experience helpful 
Betirobte Irin g * benefits, nego 
I bable salary m excess of SIO.OOO 
(an n u a lly 
Apply City of W est 
| University Place. 3ooo University 
Boulevard. Houston. Texas 77ooS. or call Assistant City Manager, 
713 ooo *4o1____________________ 
Wanted experienced licensed ad luster with minimum of I year exp f casualty 
Equal Opportunity mpioyer Contact L B Davidson 
K em per In tu o ra n c e Co 44IS 
Centerview 
Or 
San 
Antonie f.o 4sos 
______________ 

START YOUR OWN BUSINESS 
WITH FARMERS INSURANCE HELP 
Does owning your own business without in­ vesting capitol appeal to you? Does influencing people give you satisfaction? Have you more- than-average initiative, self-discipline and stability? Can you budget yourself on $ I o ,o o o - 
$ I 2 ,o o o annual guaranteed while acquiring the experience and knowledge to earn more? Com­ plete training in auto, fire, life and commercial insurance. 
For a confidential interview, call 
Charles Manly at 4 9 4 -3 5 7 1 or 6 5 6 -8 2 6 6 . 

Exclusive Ladies Shop 
Needs personable sales personnel! 
• Rapid advancement 
• Hospitalization program 
• Employee discouunt 
• Profit sharing plan 

Inquire in person to M r. Norris 
MENGER SM ART SHOP 
756 North Star M all 

OPENINGS 

 in 
M erle Norman 
Cosmetics 

 fo r sales persons with 2 yrs. retail soles e x­ perience. 
Cosmetic ex­ perience not required. 
Permanent, full time only. 

Applications for Valley Hi and W onderland taken at 
W onderland M all - oil others at W indsor Park M all 

EXPERIENCED 
SALESPERSON 

For 
Furniture and 
Ap­ pliances. 
Bilingual. 
Top 
Salary or 
Commission. 
Reference required. 

Apply in parson or caH tor appt. 
P L A Z A 
F U R N IT U R E 

| 223 W. Commerce (downtown)! 

225-2963 
Sa* Mr. Marvin] 

A CCO UTTING/ SECH ETA RIES 
S I9 2 ll E E K 

Need hard working intelligent individuals to handle division bookkeeping for fast growing homebuilding firm. Involves statistical typing. Will report to division controller. 

Requires typing 5 5 wpm, 1o key by touch, 2 yrs. experience in ac­ counting, bookkeeping, or moth related field preferred. 

$ 3 .7 o /h o u r, 4 8 hour week, 8 -6 M-F, 9 -1 2 Sat. Time and half over 
4 o hrs. Salary and performance review EVERY 6 mo s. Company paid insurance, hospitalization, major medical, 2 weeks paid vacation. 

 lf you like to stay busy and are looking for a permanent position w ith regular pay increases call our personnel office at: 
349-8o57 

Monday thru Friday 8 to 6 or mail resume to 

PAI. Pox l f tl . i l . Sun Antonio, tx. 78216 

814 SKILLS TRADES 

6o4 -TECHNICAL 
612 MEDICAL i l l MEDICAL 

SAN ANTONIO COLLEGE 
IS HIRING 
Maintenance Technician 
III/Refrigeration 

Three or more years ex­ perience in refrigeration to include boilers, refriger­ ation compressors, ven­ tilating equipment, pumps, motors, and other house equipment. 
Must be in good physical condition. 
$ 5 6 8 to 
$ 7 7 7 with all 
District benefits. 
(Apply 
Personnel 
O ffice, 
1 3 o o 
San Pedro Avenue) 

ST. PHILIP’S COLLEGE 
IS HIRING 
Audio-Visual 
Technician I 

High school graduate or equivalent; must know basic electronics (how to use volt-ohm meter & to make clean tight solder connections); basic know ­ ledge o f 
Closed-Circuit television and audio set­ ups. $ 4 5 2 -$ 5 2 5 w ith all 
D istrict benefits. 

(A pply 
Personnel 
In­ form ation 
O ffice , 
13o o 
Son Pedro Avenue) 

614 SKILLS TRADES 
614 SKILLS TRADES 

I.OXSTHUCTIOX SI 'PERI XTEX DENT THA IX Eh, t IST TH ICK TO M IX. ICEMTXT 
SI,>,ooo Per I f t i r lo Start 
HOMECRAFT CORP. will train an aggressive ambitious beginner in all phases in residential construction. N o experience is necessary, rapid ad­ vancement based on performance. 
Outstanding opportunity for ad­ vancement and high income for hard working capable person. Salary and performance review every 6 months. 
REQUIREMENTS: 
• 5 years business a n d /o r military experience 
• 6 day work week 
• Degree not required but any college is a plus. 
• 6 months or more construction experience may qualify for higher starting salary 
Position offers; 
Profit sharing, company paid insurance package, 2 weeks vacation. lf you ate in the formative stage of your career and interested in this growth position. Call collect immediately 

512-349-8o57 
8 to 6 Mon. thru Fri. or send resume to 

P.O. Box 16431 
DMECRAFt 

San Antonio, Tx. 78216 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
AND VILLA ROSA ANNEX 
H ave Imm ediate Vacancies In The Follow ing 
___________________Positions:--------------------------------- 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 

• REGISTERED X RAY TECHNICIANS-7 lo 3 
(Salary Negotiable) 
• LICENSED PHYSICAL THERAPY ASSISTANT 

VILLA ROSA ANNEX 
• LVNS - 3-11 
• EEG TECHNICIAN - Shift I 
Ex callant working conditions and fringe bonofits. 
A p p ly In Pe r»on 
‘ER SO NI 
PERSONNEL OFFICE 
S a n ta R o sa - 5 1 9 W . H o u s to n S t.; 2 2 8 - 2 3 4 3 
V illa R o sa A n n e x - S U S M e d ic a l D r.; 2 2 8 - 2 6 3 4 
An (qual Opportunity | mp|e, tr 

SAN ANTONIO COLLEGE 
NEEDS A 

Learning Resources 
Technician 

(Television) Associate deg­ ree in electronics or tele vision system m aintenance or equivalent com ­ b ination o f experience and education; tw o years o f recent television m ain­ tenance ond operation e x­ perience 
$ 5 2 5 month w ith all District benefits. 

(Apply Personnel Information 
Office, 13oo Sen Podia Avo.) 

Lutheran General Hospital now interviewing for 
R egistered N u rses 

Full time and part time positions are available in the following areas: 

• OPERATING ROOM 
• EMERGENCY ROOM 
• PEDIATRICS 
• MEDICAL SURGICAL 
• INTENSIVE CARE UNIT 

W e offer a revised salary plan, fringe benefits and good working conditions. 

Apply Personnel Office 

7o1 S. Zarzamora 
434-5252 Ext. 418 

[quo! opportunity *mpioy*i 

NEU HOME W ARRANTY 
SERI ICE REP. 
$1o,7ooPER YEAR 
P I A S 
THI CK - TOOLS - UNIFORMS 
Hom ecraft Corp. has several openings fo r in dividuals skilled in home repairs. W ill have direct contact w ith home owners. 
S tarting pay $ 4 .5 o per hour, 44 hour W eek GUARANTEED, til ne a n d h a lf over 4 o hours 
BENEFITS 
INCLUDE. 
C om pony p a id insurance packa ge, p a y an d perform ance review every 6 months, 2 week p o u f vacation, plus tools, 

 truck, uniforms 
, „ r 
, 

5 1 2 — S W 9 4 U t h M a ll H i's u iiu ' I i i 
SMECRAi 

P.O. KOX 16431 
S a n A n t o n i o * 
7 1 1 2 1 6 

61o OFFICE i CLERICAL 

CLERK/ 

RECEPTIONIST 

Prefer previous experience 

Answer phone, billing, lit* typing, general oftk* 
Stimy com mensural* with experience 

Kaufman, Inc. 

926 Fredericksburg Rd. 

Small quality oil firm needs an expect Oil and Gas bookkeeper 
Excellent solar y. Coll 233 38*7 

"Work With A Growing Company" 

• Petmunent 
• Better Pay 
• Benefit* 

• DIESEL MECHANIC (EXP.) 

• ELECTRICIAN 

• ELECTRICIAN TRAINEE 

 a p p l y 8 - 1 1 a . m . d a l l y 
McDonough Brot., Inc. 

8 miles post Wonderland on (HIO exit at Beckman 

• q u a l o p p o r t u n ity o m p lo y o r 

OWN YOUR 
OWN AGENCY 

Train w ith the Travelers In­ surance companies at $ 8 o o per month for 36 months to become a m ulti-line in­ dependent agent 
C oll M r 
Douglas at 2 2 5 7 6 6 1 . 

(qual Opportunity Employer 

BD? SALES 

HOW ? 

To 
Make 
$ 1 5 ,o o o per year in 
Root 
Estate w ithout selling a home. 
N eed im m ediately 4 licen­ sed persons 
Coil for ap pointmen* 

D*oni« Owens 
C o — REALTOR 
Austin Hwy Oh 
8 2 4 - 2 3 9 1 

CLOSER NEEDED 
It you or# worth SIS,OOO to 525,ooo per year and con prove to me that you are a top notch closer, who it not afraid of hard work, I hove the position open that can end your money worries. Coll M r Young tor appt only 348-8o21 No over­ night travel 

COMMERCIAL SALESMAN 
P re fe r tru ck tire exp e rie n c e . 
Salary plus commission Contact 
Ted I ilienwoll 723 7 6 *5 _________ 
Corrugated Box Sales ttepresen- tat i v i- guaranteed salary plus com m ission, local a re a . m u tt have own tra n sp o rtatio n , call 
222 22*3 8 a rn Sp rn weekdays 

MANAGER 
Sell over telephone, keep records and make reports Communicate product availability ond technical m atters to field personnel and customers Menage tales opera tionoi office of small automotive oriented firm College degree and 
I year experience in sales ond 
I customer service m atters helpful 
Start st.OOO par month, send re­ sume to Attn O O Hunter, P O. 
Box 11327. Serna Station. San An- 
J tomo, T», 712*4 
D a llas B a te d M a n u fa c tu re s 
Representatives Automotive Re­ placem ent P o rts In d u s try , it seekin* regional manager cover mg Austin, San Antonio, Corpus and the Valley. Experience ab solutetv necessary Send resume to 
P O Box 4S42 Express News. 
| Son Antonio, Tx 71287 
Strirkfy confidential 

WANTED! 
WI HAV! 2 OPfWINGS f OR LICENSED AGENTS 

Who would bkt to betorn* otto- noted with a growing and suc­ cessful compony We, at Beam* 
Owens, offer on excellent com­ mission structure Plenty of floor time ond complete, continuous professional training Also, if you ore currently working toward your requited pre licensing hours, we will consider spu n vc mg you ond otter yea professional tram mg while you ore satisfying the state requirements 

Ce* redes I** ** e*e*Miew*i 
344-62o7 

MANIE OWE! 
*4 iro *s -M l$ 

INDUSTRIAL 
SUPPLIES 
SALES 
We ore opening a second warehouse ond need a salesperson to cod on processing plants to sell piping systems. dull bits, grinding wheels ond ether industrial products 
C o n fa c t 
Bill Sctreig 
THE PERRY SHANKLE 
COMPANY 
P .O . B O X 8 6 9 , S an 
A n to n io , 7 8 2 9 3 

SAN ANTONIO 
COLLEGE 
NEEDS A 
Maintenance 
Technician V 
(Electrician) 

 licensed tiocttknn for city area with five years or more of ex­ perience 
M S to 5937 with oil 
District benefits 

(Apply Peri o wee I Information 
Office, 13oo ken Pedro Ava.) 

6o6 HUMPHS HUTH! rnwwcKi 
CHIEF ACCOUNfAhiY 
"" 
AND O FFICE MANAGER 
Requires degree and experience in mill process accounting Duties involve m ill and m ining opera­ tions in S E.Utah. Sand your re­ sume In confidence to ATLAS 
M IN E R A L S , 25o4 P ru d e n tia l 
P lata Bldg Donvor, Colo 8o24$. 
An Eguol Opportunity Employer 

6o8 SfCRETARIAL 

N . W IS T OFC. 3 

 deal Estate Sales lf you ore licensed and consider* m g changin g co m p an ias or preparing to apply for a license, call me tor an interview. In addi­ tio n to a generous commission 
■ schedule. wa ofter exceptional office accomodations in excellent locations plus social security and 
M edical Insurance paym ents 
RUSS KLIN G IN S M ITH. 342 41oo 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 
R a u f* D riv e r and salesm an . 
Small food distributor requires expel lanced route salesperson to distribute semi perishable food 
I products, ground floor opportuni­ ty. Sand resume, including mone­ tary requirements to Route Sales. 
P O Box 17844. San Antonio 78217 
•• 
■ i k t w o n t*j, m u*! bo w illin g to tra v e l, long hou rs. 

SALES REP 

Advertising salespersons needed tor growing company For more tplormotipn colt 224 1214_____ _ 

AMALIE REFINING CO 
Refiner al Amah* Pennsylvania 
M olar Oil seeks an aggressive 
•'■.trill Manager willing lo work 
•n d accept DM responsibility 
E x c e lle n t opopof tum ty, solar- 
♦bo nus, c ar and expenses ample!* company benefits. For anodontia! interview sand re urn* to Express News Box 4518 
An Antonio 782*7 Equal eppor unity e m p lo y e r _____________ 

IRE YOU TH IN K IN G Of selling he one thing everyone needs leal Estute? We ll train lull or larttim e 
Easy to do wilt! oui pee m l pro fessio n al tra in in g 
(Root no experience necessary 
We furnish all buyers and sellers tor you and help you get licenses q u ickly 
C u ll IN T E R S T A T E 
886-8751 Iii lp m 
Attention A 4 if agents"" 
Free leads! Call 342-1284 

Beanie Owens Co 
So. Central Dulce 
Needs 
Experienced Real Estole Sales 
People who desire to succeed are encouraged (TO COME SE LL 
W ITH US IN THE SOUTH CEN­ 
TRAL PART OF THE C IT Y ) You can get "ON TOP ' and Stay 
ON 
TOP ' Bv raining oui Sales Force) 
WE have good listings la sell ANO provide a 
Great 
Commission 
Schedule 
IF YOU ARE IN TE RES TED 
Call Bill Barrow tor confidential interview *24-7311, 

I A R N"m w or'"more per mo selling security service 227-1777 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
BRITANNICA 
Salespeople are among the high­ est paid in the world 
( I immediate openings 
I 2 We will train 
I 3 Mutt have car 
14 We work leads appt basis 
For personal interview 

7 32 2 1 o $ 

FULL TIME 
Telephone Soles Operator and Supervisor 
2 positions, 8am -t2 and 4 lp m 
M o n -F n ., Sot 
IO 2pm 
Coll 
824 32oo or com* by 172o SW Milt lory Dr_________________________ 
Insurance Licensed Agents 
We have Qualified leads tor you 
Suite S44 So Tower GPM Bldg 
Alorcon Insurance, tom t i noon 
...... 
I would Uke to meet a mon wRo le w tlry shows. Coll 348-452S, would like to earn 51-82 or 53.ooo Must be willing to lake polygraph per week starting this week Call I 
M r Ooxstater 342-73o4 or 34 1 3o 7 8 attar tam 

 j u n E ' l K w is a A s s o c ia t e s 
Solos Placement Service, 83o N E 1 
Loop 418, Suite 2o4. 821-8o47 
-----------if'A S E AND EARN---------- 
We need an experienced leasing i agent or we will train you rn our I leasing dept Applicgnts must be I familiar with opt industry Inter ■ 
•sled persons must submit o let J ter of references ond resume and also have a current real estate salsmgns license. Earnings are dependent on your ability and bard work 
Q u alified persons send letters and resumes in car* 
Of 
Personnel Dept. 1ooo W Av*. 
I Authn, TX 787o) 
Men or Women to sell quality steaks retail Progressive com missions new vehicle immediate hire Cob 484-4847, tam earn kl***) 2 iraod Insurance men for sales and service, experience a re le rre d but not necessary 
Good poy Coll Mr Cotton 223AM! 
•or appl Sam 4pm 
NEW QUARTERS 
” 
G ro w ing o g a m , need m ore open!* It you want a chance to earn and learn while you grow with us, coll soon 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2521 
(2) outside soles persons, some exp roo Comm 823 2115 
• 

ELECTRONIC 
TECHNICIAN or ENGINEER 

 with design capabilities and experience in solid state technology 

LANCER CORP. 
235 W .TURBO 
Sen Antonio 78216 
512— 344-3o71 

 opportunity otftployof 

 i W A N TED 
Bilingual, Bicultural 
I S e c re ta ry to w ork at h isto ric sites A pplicants should be et 
I Iterant, self motivated and have skills in typ in e. stenography, 
'm in o r bookkooping and public 
R e la tio n s . 
G en ero u s to la ry 
I available for right person. 
I 532-3154. 
61o OFFICE I CUMM! 

TELEPHONE COLLECTOR 
Collection agency needs person with credit or collection exp to become o telephone collector No outside calls Must be neat, ag g ressive and have goad clear speaking voice Excellent salary with bonus. 714 2171 ACCOUNT 
SERVICES____________________ _ 
W ANTED Mature person tor San 
Antonio blanch. 8-5 day*. General office exp erien c e, accounting b ac kg ro u n d 
E k p e rle n c e in credit Knowledge ot computer tot ms Send resume lo P O BOX 
31o4o HOUSTON, TX 77o33 
W ont lo to l io lle g e U u d e n f 
Clerk Typist, bookkeeping exp helpful. No smoking, good pay 
FISHER S. 145o NE Loop 41o 

SUX<S#uwwxx. 

Factory Manager 
Smart, alert and self motivating individual with previous produc­ tion and management experience, 
Must have mechanical aptitude. 
Will be respondsibie for work sch eduling , p ro d u ctio n , m a n ­ agement of maintenance and 5o employees M r Walter Borth will interview bv opal only, ot Th# 
Root Co., 537 S Flores St Equal 
O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r. C a ll 
223-284o tor opp! 

NIGHT AUDITOR ASST 
* nights a week I lpm 7am Apply in person to M r Rob! M au rin t 
MENGER HOTEL A MOTOR INN 

OFFICE MANAGER 
& ACCOUNTANT 
Retail and wholesale firm Com­ plete charge at oftico and admin­ istratio n 
D a ta processing ar com puter exp erien c e h elp fu l. 
Prefer ever IS Salary open. Ap ply Express News Box 45o7 San 
Antonio 28287 
R ro p o rty m a n a g e r w unioX , previous experience with more thon I protect required Skills in marketing administration, book' keeping, inspection, maintenance, oir, beat systems, and purchas­ ing 
R eply by re tu rn * to E x ­ press Nows box 524o. San Anton 
IO, 78287 

CHURCH'S 
Has opening fo r 
Accounting Clerk 

IO kty by touch required, no experience necessary, must hove high school education 
Coll Diane Miller 

735-9392 «xt31o 

61? MfDICAI ________ 

C lim rn taboo lory hcn^osifioirior mature parson for Asst Supervi­ sor in editing ond reporting Ste 
[hon Must novo broad knowledge of different facets of clinical lab and be a v a ila b le to w ork 
11pm 7am shift. Call Ms Hickey 
48o 122o 
Equal opportuaitv omployor 
Bfcn u t HVg i T f m r i r wo'iT-ra children's clinic. P a rt-tim e or full tim * Call 414 2348 tor appt 

WANTED: TW O 
1 1 
EXPERIENCED M ECHANICS J, 

• M u tt h a v e e x p e rie n c e In a u to m a tic transm ission and line w o rk 
• V acatio n 
• G roup Insurance 
• Pension Fund 
APPLY TO: 
MELVIN CAMPBELL 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
2 2 3 -4 2 8 1 

IVN 
FULL TIME 
W ith D iffe re n tia l P o y 
Normandy Terraco Inc. 
448-o1o1 
M I Rico Rd 

 bowhtdwn M b Jest#** medical 
Technician, Spanish Language and references required Starting salary 545o month Reply to Ex press News Sox 4488 

LYN RUEF 
7-J and 3 ll 824 8114 

Construction 
Workers 
Needed 

Backhoe, front and boder 

 operator, ond pip* layer, 

 for oui of town work in 

Rockdale argo. 

6 8 4 - 7 4 o o 
758o Grisson Rd. 

Equal Opportunity I mpioyer 

W a a /c a 

FOR SECURITY 

• 4o hr weak 5 day week 

• iiportema preferred 
FLOOR COVERING 

• 2o hr wggk-portffm g 

•qual Opportunity Impieyer 
Apply 
I OO OUI Rd. 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 

Immediate opening tor a mature, toll stoning responsible parson w ith proven s a lts re c o rd to 
R e p resen t San A n ton io s R e ­ spected name in Security Draw. 
Company Auto Raid Insurance 
Apply In Person IO to 4 daily 
SSCURITY WATCH SERVICES, 
INC. 
887 Dallas St. 

BOS RI SURIS 

 r i l i a I L I R H U M B ! 
W RITTEN REASONARLY 
488-1o15 ftg4U M g r r » h 6 F E iil6 t iA L 
SERVICE 828 o742 
6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

SALLS REP... 
Soles expr. 2 yrs cohog* Relocate 
In 
Tx 
To 
SIO.OK ♦ benusecareexpente* 
Fe* and relocation paid Call Vie 
Spurn 
Locke Employment Service 
824 8*71 
24*4 Cee gee 

S h o e S a le s p e r s o n 
Must be experienced permanent position, needed immediately 
Contact 874 *228 

TELEPHONE 

T o p s a l a r y b o n u s e s 
Colt from our Souhthside attice. hours IO to 7pm 
Fost raises, home improvement, land exper­ ience helpful Call today tor Mrs 
U p to n , at 225 4318. 
Unique growth opportunity with a 
*28o.ooo,8oo company tor tho** who q u a lify , car, s a la ry , and commission 82o 55o1 

SAN ANTONIO 
COLLEGE 
IS HIRING 
Director Student 
Financial Aid 

 laiheief t Degree required rn th ■ 
Moiler i preferred, Three yean ex peneace rn Student Aid or closely related cree, experience with federal 
Government type ac counting reports lackgiound rn ceunveUne et other related Mewl 
•ark $14,5oo ie $18,(1oo with al 
DM benefits 

(Apply Fee sonnet Office. 13oo 
San Pedro Avenue, Im. 3o4) 

SECRETARY 

High school graduate, soma college work pre fe r­ red; one year office ex­ perience; type 6 o wpm; shorthand ond bilingual skill preferred W ork 2 .o o to 
1 o :o o p.m. 
M onday through Thursday, 9-.oo lo 
5 :o o p m on 
Friday. 
$ 4 5 o to $ 5 o o month w ith all benefits 

(A pply w ith 
M f, 
Sonny 
S o lu , 
Southwest Center, 
8 o o Q uintana Rood ) 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum I year i i per ie nee 
Feet Tim* 

I hights A Week 
A FR IT IN RIM SO N 

FROST BANK 

PfRSONNll DIPT. 
IOO W. Houston St. 
Iguet OpportuwMy Im p i.y*f 

Coll LYN RELIEF 311 
735 4441 between dor 
8am 4pm 

LVNs 

Attractive port tim * secretary, 5 to 8 pm preferred 344 111* 
A Very Special tervic* 
New Day Personnel Consults 
*41 NE Loop 41o Suite 518 
8(JB A If 4M b A ld B U W TINfl 
DEFT CLERK 
Un retort tire and nom* appliance store Must be bilingual. Spanish 
English L it* bookkooping and tome credit or collection exper ranee helpful W ill tro ut. V e ry pleasant wark • I person oftlco 
Paid vacation ond sick lo a v t. 
Purchases at cest Call Mrs. Ran ovines 227-83*4 tor interview i 
DenhSli Personnel Service 
84o NW Loop 418. 444 G P M So 
34* 1744 
Fr e f t B n f i sD i r r r 

S3 PER HOUR PLUS commission lo start, colling on 
Canted aggressive self starter to 
PO SITION , 8*148 TRAIN our customers Car necessary 
Must be neat and clean cut 
484 5811 
For son needed for rout# soles 

 sett our product on a commission basis Vehicle program Chance tor advancement with a growing company Call 348-4211 

HILL CHARGE 
MANAGER 

AVON 

E a rn m oney on your awn tim e 
We otter tra in in g in selling our famous product* 
Cell 124-4*4) tar intomutran 

Lodi* s Specially Shop Nurthsid# 
Location Apply only it you have proven sates ability Career per­ sons and missy customeis must bt serviced Multiple sates ar* the backbone of H u t o p e ra tio n 
A d van ce m e n t o p p o rtu n ity 
Fringe benefits S a la ry ♦ bonus interview with resume 
CALL MISS TAYLOR 
934 5841____________ 

PIAO roue WANI AD 

 i n t n t i x t t e t s s N t w s 
CAU 22S - 1 OOO 

<epreventing local food manutai furor 
W ill tra in it necessary 
R ight parson can exc el to • Y O U K statewide representative in 4 8 months For appt contact Sales 
Mgr 214 *7 7 2 
P tu ira Broon Salesper son (M F ) 
Need not hove e x p e rie n c e in selling these products but some ploying ability Job opportunity utter p o te n tia l at SIO 12o,ooo depending on abilities Will train 
Apply lo Express News Box 24*1, 
71297 
F riv o l# E m p lo y m e n t Agency 
Counselor: Com plete tra in in g program Good phone voice with control! Sales exp ♦m o tivatio n 1 
Draws comm + bo nu xe* + lr ingest 
Mgmt potential Call 873-4144 Miss 

O W N 

A G E N C Y * 
F o rm e rs In s u ro c n c * G ro up 
Otters complete training program and all types of insurance Con­ tinue present lob white starting your own agency an p art tim e botts Training and supplies fur­ nished For a confidential inter­ view. contact Soles M an ag e r, 
Jerry M cOougald through tho 
E xpress News, Box Ne 
521*. 
71287 or coil at 824-757) 

Real Estate 
I need I agents that need on in come in excess et *15.84o this year 

684 TECHNICAL 

I k p f f l T M t R b ------------- 
ARCHITECTURAL 
DRAFTSMAN 
Perm anent position Reply Win- r lor A Sharp, Architects, 1717 14th t Wichita Falls. Tx 7 4 3 4 1 or call 
(817)322 IH I 
- a p n V t r T W B -T T tu ' >' *Ip e T ranee minimum, salary with ex­ perience and a b ility , benefits, 
Ferguson Mag Co . lls 7442 

ADJUSTER TRAINEE 
FE E PAID 
ABLE TO M E E T PUBLIC. CAR 

ING, CAR FU RN ISH ED . RA PID 
RAISES 
COLLEGE 
P R EFE R R ED 
BELL Employment Agency 
4444 Broadway 
174 741 j 

A D M IN ISTRA TIV E AIDE 
Barrio Boner men! and 
Development Corporation 
P ro fic ie n t a d m in is tra tiv e capability, at toast I yrs adminis­ trative supervisory experience. 
Steno re q u ire d to s u m m a rtie meetings Must type 74 wpm, be able lo function with minimum or no supervision, be in complete charge al admin dept Bilingual in Spanish and Enghsn preferred 
Verbal ond technical com m un­ ication skills. 5 day work week, et 1 erie"! working cond .Iran* ond opportunity tor advancem ent qualified per Sun may apply et 2)1 billy Mile hod Rd 4)5-8834 Sauui opportunity employ*! 

BANK 
NEEDS LOAN TE LLER 
Must nae* fait g n a t' ^landing of 
I in s ta llm e n t and c o m m e rc ia l loans, tiling, documentation, title work, collateral, etc. Call between 
I tgm lpm 4*4 8344 
IMI NUMttk to CALL 
IS 1 2 5 - 1 * * 4 t s e e m a n d u s w s 

I • m n a d ia te O p e n in g fo r a x p w fia m a d 
SECRETARY in solus and marketing dept 
Ruga" emunts. fost typist, bright, nuot ap poor anc# and ability to m w * public’ Mon Fri. 8 am 5 pm 
Good com pony benefits. 
Caff AU D u v a ll 
6 9 6 - 5 6 o o , I M . 4 6 

Turtto Crook 
C ountry Club 

Needs Cor mer Consultants 
4*8 HIS 

F O R i i i * 

 immediate openings tor full limo 
7-3, 3-11 
We otter com petitive wage. company paid life incur once, vocations and a good envir­ o n m e n t to p ractice g e ria tric s nursing M em orial M edical 315 
I Loath!. 113-5821 

MEDICAL DENTAL 
See Sunday's ads. mony lobs 
OR PERSONNEL 
Oak Hills Mod bide 48o 881o 
Medico! Dental Im p Spry 
Nurse AlJetl experience only, oil shin* 
N o rm a n d y T g r r a c a In c. 
848o1o1 
841 R ic e R d tfuTs i V 'I d e T f ¥ V I ‘lu ll U rn, private duty evenings 3 11 Call 
4338*1* morning or afternoon out* 
______ 

R E G IS TR Y E L IG IB L E T H E R ­ 
APISTS 
R espiratory Therapy 
Departm ent, C harity Hospital. 
Now O rle a n s , L o u is ia n a has opening tor re g is try e lig ib le 
Therapists Competitive salary 
Goad fringe benefits Many typos of experience including pediatric ond adult intensive car* Weekly 
■ n servic* program 
Call (5o4) 
544 2**7 or w rit* R e sp ira to ry 
Therapy, Chanty Hospital, H I! 
Tulan* Avenue 
New O rleans, 
Louisiana 78144 

J R ? t N B W < 
V A N U N M I 
Nay openings for a few quollfl 
•4 long Jnlom t household good hooters 
MOUW! MINTS 
1. Novo tem me root license 
2. la able ta quality with 

3. la aver l l years aid 
4 Nova ut toast 2 yours ester Use teed experience 

S.UU o¥s 
^ 
M on' 

We hey# bed en aval ie hie 

C o il R a y C ro u se 
SHERWOOD VAN LINES 

CARPET INSTALLER 
VIN Y L INSTALLER belli positions require 4 years experience 
Tee hourly wages excellent company benefits con loci Polo 224 2121, Crown Floor 
Covering. D U North OUvo 
5 T F P TB I H T v r n w n t ■ 
Mechanically inclined, neat ap pearanco, oniev w orking with ti rectum, tor Sl8o per week Call i 227 o184 

FITTER SEAMSTRESS 
Experienced, ladies apparel Bx 
• ellen! benefits Apply in poi sci" 
Mensrar Smart Shop, North Star 

Hairdresser wonted al Mr Alex 
Hair Fashions. 1544 Janes Malts berger, 343-1451. 

HEAVY DUTY MECHANICS 
Experienced needed immesfiati 
Iv Many company fringe benefits 
1 only W ehnn 
Doss Equip Corp lf IU IM I* Nor 
Apply in person only W ohriny 
- 
• 
* rp 11144 IM I) North a I Wit One 1 Rd Equal Opportunity 

DRAFTSMAN 

Exporioncod Legal Secrete who can take charge and handle business end real estate lr ansae hens with minimum supervision 
Salary commensurate with ability and axe AM inquiries cenhdential 
217 3)44 fVAIAiBNCED SICREtAPV needed tor versatile lob Shorth­ and, typing, and some general office work Salary commensur­ ate with skills and experience 
I Call tar appt 
Root Candle Ce 
223 2844.________________________ 
Lagal lacy needed by Tinim an A 
Houser 1*o4 NRC Bldg I * yrs legal exg required Salary open depending an exp Piefit sharing, 
S te life and health insurance. onus. eeid overtim e 21S-3II1 
Mrs Her none*f m v f v s t f 

 iExcellent position with lop notch 
(Northside firm Only top flight career personnel should apply 
S a la ry c o m m e n s u ra te w ith 
Qualifications ll you have end ere witling to use power el observe lien and thought and can type at 
(toast 44 WPM, we have the ported 
'challenge 5 day week, in most jo ttractive attice, with tree park jing Send brief resum e Ie Ina 
Blackwell, Luke Soules, inc P O 
Box 4357, San Antonio. Tx 74248 
I interviews. 
February 
17th and 
1 lith iS lT l FA IB A Y 'Koavy~te<t refer lei and administrative responsibility, test typing ond transcription Re 
I sum* Box 12442 S A >1217 
* Person with sum* experieKra'Tn advertising and layout work tor catalogue of mail sales Also Mghl bookkeeping and general office duties 
CaM tor interview 
1181871 
1 ' Rove! Bleb* Insurance C em pen 
•et needs a co m m ercial lines rotor Salary open depending an 
• ip c rra n c * 
Tap ben efit* C all 
M rs W alsh IS I 8441 te r appt 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
B / r n m aw m z i s s b v 
. 
CLERK, must bove RY, ports and accessory store experience or prier background in aute parts, warehousing, marketing, or mill lory supply Salary tem m e rtu i ate with exp erien ce Apply in person of South Texas Trailers, l i l t * IH 3S North near Weidnei 
Rd exit et call *5) 4141, ask for 
BiH Dm smote 

RN applications new being token ie flit an imnradtete opening far , 
Directer et Nursing tor en ICF skilled nursing home Our parent 
Company is the industry leader f 
Submit resume t* contact Admin istrater, M em orial M edical l i t 
Lewis 223 5321 

2 years experience working with Civil Engineer in draw mg sub dtvnsen plats, street plans, sewer plans, etc Some tree hand drawing experience and knew hew to rood conteur lines Apply Personnel Office 

RAY ELLISON INDUSTRIES 
IIM FREDERICKSBURG RD 

RNs tt-7 with s yr* 

1*64 ie answer two line phone post and handle tenants rn busy spot' Kitty Kirk, 
341 2311. 
SNELLING A SNELLING 
Employ 167 W R ECTOR Set vice 
See? in t I*pol secretary with ex per rani* rn trial procedures end excellent typist, geed aa tole 

SECRETARIAL POSITION 
Per U n fe d Way Agency Type 
Slw pm . exp erien c e w ith PR X telephone system Bilingual Ap ply in person Inm an C hristian 
Center D U Colima Contect Pat 
H ern ando! 218*41 E xt 41. An eguol opportunity emptor*# 
Secretary Reception!*! must be 

Full tim# ii 7 with 3 yrs exper tent*, 14 on hour Mercy Hospital 
Of 
Jourdanton 47* 2744 in San 
Antonio 
R N s T L V N s 1 1 T .H I--------- 
E X P E R IE N C E D AIDES 
Non smokers aloose apply I* l l 
Hillside Manor 424 4444 ta n AWTonU iie b llh S e rv ices 
Placements, Inc , 44 M E 
L*oa 
414, Suite D IE , 348-431) 
614 M U I -WMB 

XTTTondtRTmngTrnd Retrigera j flan M echanic. Experienced in 
>• Sidon Ital end smaM (am m er ital installations 341-114) Jack Laur- 
I (MHM Cete. i 
AiV ^endiftoning Service Man es per tented hi chill water and cern m a rc e l systems Salary open 
Paid vacation, holidays and in c a tivo bonuses 341 1447________ 

BACKHOE OPERATOR 
Experienced in installing sewers , 
I 913-7817 

RAKERS WANTER 
I kmey the benefits of leisure Hying in a small town Qualm#J bakers needed her rapidly expanding bu sines* Geed references needed 
Apply Walnut Springs B akery. 
Seguin b efo re neon or o tte r 
379 2244 _______________ needed lier ten 

E x p e rie n c e d tap e. fle e t and painter All in one Must have j truck, and be dependable or don’t I cat! Northeast builders, 349 4191 

1 - I m i ncTIS 
C U T T Y l a y e r s 
*53 8354 
Ixperienced dr elision styli*! lei new shop Coll 349-1731 

EXPERIENCED UTTER 

Employer 
— 
U 1 1 V V K B U IF U IN T --------- 
MECHANIC preferred!* with experience en e n g in e* and tra n s m is s io n s , 
B e d u ll* ere Case. Oradell Stem ond Ere* CaM Pouf 813-435) 

IRON WORKER WELDERS lier precast concrete and steel 
(erection Expel lanced only apply 
I ll* 888MBWB8 
Journeyman H a i ti loan tor cent' mer Clot work Apply at Coleman 
Electric Co 447 land# St, New 
Braunfels, 14!So4I I 
Landscape Crewman needed ie plant grass and shrubs Per mon eat position, apply in parson at 
P a lm er Lan d scap e Ce , H S II 
I Hocogdochot Bd 

S e g u i n 
S J B m i H I I 
Iranch Mono•UT 
S te e lto n , will be relocated in 
Tomb* 341*281 yWBMWMai|MMteFxwi me.IU'* 1 mil, .a. 1..1 "".Juii.n..I. ay 
C A R P i n T E r experience need ed. garoge doer installer coll 
SSS M il or SSS le t) after tem or 

 ability to perform duties with a abune, lough, resourceful, per- minimum et supervision Salary sortable responsible Tap salary commensurate with experience ter ,o«* 
Phrase de net colt ond abMity 217 )144 
. s s u t u n n * ‘ * * * “ ■ 

Must tray* experience as a titter ( t e r tedtes a ppd re t shoe Existent I benefit*, salary open Apply in t arson M onger S m a rt Shop, I orth Star Mali 

I W 
K 
H M f l B T I HB’K A F t 
SUPERVISOR 
AND 
C R R * 
313 788* 
T O R W t N a b ’ AtiYBM BT I V I 
EN G INE ASSEMBLER 
Cardinal Automotive Rebuild*#* 
I m u * 
1 t aper ism ed reside'pWBl trim Cbl I 
Denier coll *44 4713 Or 341 333) 
^ aper Ism ed Job siree shoof ly** tai tahr ic afer s acme haipeis Toe wages and benefits Celt t i l t e a r ^ -U A U f T I M t r e m a r i T u s lam m ea* shirts 834 3331 

EXP. SHEET VINYL 
ANO TILE INSTALLERS 
Must have own taels and trenspartatson 
CENTRAL FLOOR COVERING 
SSD Boil St. 
S I) 4451 r £c1 a r r 
TVdTn E T A U T 6 M F 
CHAMIC, foreign end domestic car*, preterabty Toyota and Dot sun Cat 45o 1442 

L E A D IN G R E S ID E N T IA L 
J 
B U IL D E R has im m ed iate openin g* te r eep e rie n c e d f 
DUMP TRUCK and FRONT 
I 
E N O lO A O R R 
O P E R A 
TORS. Eatery < emmensorat* with experience. CaM otter S p m , *48 244* 

L etter F rees or Sm all O tis *) 
Operator tor prim Shop Excellent pay end trine* benefits t i t E 
Rhapsody 
J Maintenance Ret sans needed 
Apply in person IU D M Weidnei 
Rd 

MECHANICS 
Per beck hues dump trucks, var­ ious HI* construction equipment 
341 82*1 

L m echanics 
Top Pay Ie a nod mechanics * * per lent ed with forklift* and 
I trucks 
• RAUBACH EQ UIPM EN T CO tel> W Pap tar rip u s * i Needed. »*psttonc#d dcof1*mgn. c«M Windsor Hen#** Inc *44 5424 
FAT TT tftli'N f l l MAM----- 
Must hove i yr* oxy 48} 8344 

P a g e 1 2 - H 
H S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a t u r d a y F e b r u a r y 1 9 1 9 7 7 " 

614 
SKILLS 
TRADES 

M E C H A N IC S NEEDED 
IM M ED IA T E LY 

»* 
*»v. 
Non powvfvo 

J- 1 fc »-r». t-3'i 
J'*, C-1 O N . 
Insurant* and ftrinaa banaflH 
Fooni 
MM [Tory and 

616 FODD DRIWK SERVICES 
616 FOOD ORIWK SERVICES 

EXPERIENCED 
PAINTERS 
And 
CARPENTERS 
Must Havt own transportation 

• Salary Opa* 

• All company bawafit* 

Apply in parson Sot., lob. 19, IO ajfe-2 p.rn, L L Stkbart, Inc 
General Remodeling 
Contractors 
1519 tastorn Avo. 

San Antonio's fastest growing restaurant business bos im­ 

 mediate opening for individuals with management ex­ 

 perience, preferably in fast food, lf you are looking for a 

 career with a dynamic and progressive company, apply at: 
355 Spencer Lane 
Friday 2 p.m.-7 p.m. 
Saturday 8 a.m .-1 p.m. 
A n Equal O p p ortu n ity Em p loyer 

62o Hap WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 
62o HELP WANTED 

W ANTED 
RIDE OPERATORS 
16 Years A Older 
Apply In Person 

No Phone Calls, Please 
PLAYLAND PARK 
2222 N. ALAM O 

4o8 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

FRONTIER 
ENTERPRISES 

Dinner House division is accepting applications for: 

Busboys 
Boigid* 
Waiters 
Waitresses 
Hosts 
Hostesses 
Apply in person 
Monday friday B a m 
4 3o p m 
8S2o CROWN Hill BLVD. 

WHATABUR6ER 

Needs permanent full time men and women for new Aus­ tin Hwy restaurant. Apply in person 
SATURD AY O N LY between Ioam-4pm at 62o1 S 
Flores. No phone calls please 

62o 
Help 
Wanted 
Miscellaneous 

^ 3|e $ ale * 
^ 

Jllllllllllim illlHllltllHlllllllllHHt! I 

I 
QUALIFIED 
SECURITY 
GUARD 

I 
• Day Shift 

= 
• Experience ex technical 
E training required. 
I 
A m y IN NASON A I 
= 
6818 S. Zarzamora 

S 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

 n iM iiiiH iiiiiiu itiM im iiiiiiiiiim iff 

Day Bus Boy 

Must be reliable. 

App ly In Person at 
International 
House of Pancakes 

1 2 2 7 NE Loop 4 1 o A 
7 3 2 7 San P e d ro 

J CONVENIENCE 

* 
STORE 

* MANAGER 
* 
TRAINEE 
£ j£, Paid training with guarantee of 

JACK IN TH! BOX 
Has part time positions available days or nights 
• $2.3o an baar 
• Era* hospital 
• Raid vocation 
• Marit pay increases 

Apply in person 4 6 p.m., at 
1672 Pat Moiler Rd , Universal 
City 
Na Phone Calls Please 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

PLANT MAINTENANCE 
Established, flexibte packaging firm , p rin te r, lam in ato r, baa mtgurer needs an exp production machinery mechanic. Electronic eauip ond lathe exp desirable 
Local referen ces, perm anent, company benefits, salary open 
Coll Bom Spm 222 o*88___________ 
Position Available 
SO UTH W EST T EX A S 
STATE U N IV E R S IT Y 
P L U M B E R I 
Must have a working knowledge of plumbing repairs and utility distribution Responsible to the 
Supervisor of Utilities tor assign men! of duties ond supervision. 
D U TIES, 
I. 
Maintain interior plumbing systems 
2 
Repair at utility distribution systems. 
I. Use mechanical sewer auger. 
4 Rough in new installation. 
5 Other duties os assigned 
E X P E R IE N C E 
Three (3) years plum bing ex p e rie n ce 
A pply before S p m February 28, 1977. 
Personnel Office, 
Southwest Texas 
State University, 
Room 2o8, 
Library Adm Building, 
San Marcos, Texas 24* 2211. 
SWT SU is an affirmative action, eauol opportunity employer______ 
Q u alifie d Jo u rn e y m a n Flee- tricians needed, top wages tor the right people Call 144 2483 
R A b iQ "i N t l A L L I I and A U 
CO NDITIO NING installer, exper­ ienced needed ut one of the fas­ test grow ing businesses in San 
Antonio, excellent pay ond ben­ efits, coll 734-$317 rfE~c&EAti6lvAl V lf Mid ii 
M EC H A N IC , experienced In all phases of RV repair and service including refrigeration hoi water beaters, heaters and plumbing. 
No ch ass is or en gine w ork required. Sales com m ensurate with experience, apply in person 
S Texas Traitors, 1121o IH 3S 
North Near Weidner Rd exit Or coll 
6S3-4I61, ask tor 
Bill 
Oensmore 
R e F R I& e fc A T i6 N ~ A IR 7 o n j; honing 
R e p a ir 
S a rv ic a 
»am-4 3opm lop position X oui T w hit A ir 
C ondition ing 
3S 1o 
Copeland. 222-o3o4 
# S 6 F E R $ tf E L h t R ----- 
Needed to drive truck 
Needs coin mer clot license 
_________ 
73S-oJ3I 
A M 'ttR E S S for boutique, ex penance in ah types women wear 
Coit tar appointment, 494 7o4$, 
Chic Chic Boutique. 3744 Colony 

 g 'E V ig f /AAU £6 * F t i t IQ N 
TROL RO UTE, salary paid while thorning, good w orking condi­ tions, many compony benefits, lite insurance hospitalisation Apply 
Get/ Exterminators inc. I22B W 
Rhapsody sfWiTO 

NEED 
EXPERIENCED 
BUFFET AND 
COOK 
CALL from 2-4 only for Appt. 

7 3 2 - 7 o 2 5 

£ training period U TOTE M offers 

£ group insurance, paid vacations £ 

I F Excellent opportunity for fast ^ 

 j I F advancement for boid working ^ 

# 
* 

* 
* 
* 

£ 
EM PLO YEES 
J. 

£ 
JC. 
Please apply in person 
J 

£ W e d .A Fri., b e tw e e n y 

£ 
1-5 P M 
* 

* 
6414 WURZBACH 
# 

£ t l r An Equal Opportunity Employer ■£ 

IF 
* 

I F roreet employees 

X 
A L S O A C C E P ltN G 

C 
A P P llC A ilO N S 

C 
FOR P A R t-T IM E 

EM PLO YEES 

EXPERIENCED 
DINNER* 
WAITRESS-WAITER 

G ood job 
Hospitalization 

Apply in Person 
NAPLES 
RESTAURANT 
2 3 1 o B ro a d w a y 
(Closed M o n d a y s) 

WANTED NOW 
BARTENDRESSES 
WAITRESSES 
• Top Salary 
• Guaranteed raises 
• Reid Vocation 
< ubarei 
552o SW Military 
Horn, 674-741I 
>■ 
* Y^ tty f ifsIc.* y 9"S 

PART-TIME 
WORK 

3iOO P.M. TO 
8:oo P.M. 

Plus Week-ends 

Salary plus commission 

W ork with boys selling newspapers. 

For appointment call: 

Raul Moreno 

225-7211 ext. HO 

An equal opportunity employer 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
§ 
• 
DRIVERS 
• 
• 
W ANTED 
• 
• 
Ran time or 
# 

o fu ll H im 
% 
^ 
Day or Night 
£ 

 rn Checker Cob Co. £ 
^ 
1o1o W. laurel rn 
I 
222-2151 a 

! 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

 nXZTTTHV 
O PER A T O R S 
Experienced Only 
Radio Coo Co ■ 311 Third St 
Small concrtie products mon im p re,us! yord Exp and dependa ble only Mold repair helpful COH 
J. M. • 492 IoS7 
<m a l L 6 r r i 'dT''PftlNtlM6 
P R E S S O PER A T O R , exporionce required t ic client pay with the best fringe and opportunity tor advancement 224 E Rhapsody 
U P H O L S T E R S v with m achine needed 4448oo1 
(PA N T E b 
Experienced Truck 
Mechanic Apply in Person. 24o 
Maw LprOpa Hwy 

EXTRA CASH 

$2oo. to $25o. per month. Deliver Morning Ex­ press Routes 2 hrs. each morning. Coliseum Park 
East San Antonio Area. 

For Information Call 
2 2 5 -7 4 1 1 Ext. 1 2 6 - 
8:oo A.M. to 3:oo P.M. 

 after 5 :o o P.M. 655-9485 

An Equal O pportunity Em ployer 

NEW ARMY RESERVE UNIT 
34oTH SUPPLY & SERVICE CO. 

 learn a skill and get paid while you learn 

Part of what you earn is pride 

The Army Reserve is looking for men and women 

 to fill vacancies. To find out how you 

 can join, call 922-632o or 922-6329, USARC, 

432 Boswell St. Near Sears South Side. 

MEN & WOMEN 
S K IL L E D A U N S K IL L ED 
Needed lo start work immediately with aero-hydro systems Flexible hours m ov be a rra n g e d for students. Call 342-4224 

MOTEL MAID 

Experience only, permanent work, excellent solary 
Park Motel 
824-4924 

Need lead guitar player for •$- tablished CAW band Atter 4 call 
444-4949 
Needs ladies to wear and si ll So rob Coventry Jewelry, no invest­ ment, cor necessary. 822-1434, 
444-4124 

G24 - SITUATIONS WANTED 

I can be your right hand! I am a woman desiring port or full time position with challenge. Have all secretarial skills and much prior work experience in varie ty of fields. Position need not neces­ sarily be limited to secretarial. 
444-3894 
I core tor children in my home. 
Day, week or month Near HW Ctr and Wonderland 
Mrs. Duncan, 
734 299o 
JO B W A N T E D 
On Fo rm or 
Ranch. Grew up on a farm Sin ale, age 47, speak German and 
~npllsh Write Express Box 7412 

F a r T T ^ c M H i f F r s T T C hr 4pm 12pm, 2o-3o hrs. a week 
No exp necessary. Min age IS 
Apply in person, 9-3, Mon F r i; 
Stop 
'N 
Go Markets, 
2o4 
E 
R h a p s o d y . ___________________ 
PA R T T IM E date Attendant Ap plicants should have previous ca shier expereince Able to deal well with public The Old Spanish 
Missions 432 3154. 1oam 6pm 

L ad y w ants d ays work. 
828-2427 or 828-S169 
C all 

M A LE Presently Em ployed as 
Wholesale Credit ond Collection 
Office Manager desires same si­ tuation with other firm 434-8873. 
MAN desires evening work selling Coll 433-278o 
No 

M ED IC A L S IT T E R 734-4949 
Convalescent 
Elderly 
Companion 
N EA T Woman wants work, has transportaltoa. 734-71o4 

Applications now being taken for school bus d riv e rs Good sup piemen! for retired persons Call 
Mr Simpson, 924-9SoI 
Ap) community security guard, mature, retired with military or law enforcement experience. 
927-4381__________________ 
A PT leasing agent needed Ex penence preferred. 
A PA RT M EN T JO B S OF S A. 
128 9194 
Employment Consultants 
Attractile escorts needed 
344 U IS, 344 1124 

WANTED: 
One parts cleaner helper with fcnowiedpe at en amess Dirty, hard work tar goad permanent mature mon Must have eleon d river's license. 48 hour week S2 88 per hoar Must have excellent past work record Apply H angar 4 
•j ion von Flew. McDonald Aircraft 

DINNER COOK 
M A L E or F E M A L E cafeteria exp. pretiered 
BUD JONES 
144o SW Military apply in person 9am -Mom or coil 973-9141 
6 oormon Nut Cracker Club 
7321 Son Pedro 
Apply 1-3 Mon Fri 
P h e n o l m m e d iaie ly . co ck tail waitresses, good base ♦ tips Ap ply rn person al Danny's, 172o N. 
... 
Beeline 
226-23o3 oersYn aV D a n n rt" wio I T m ™ Concess.on Girls and Usher* 
18 person OI Donny s. 1728 N Mom , m Qf #y#f pn hopr App|y 

S f ¥ 6 i l V f l U L H i l t M t L V 
Theatre*o" 
° " #r 
*B '" 
° " " ° * 

 a n o 7 o” 
"o"n Ie N t i <J?oU V 1 «>**»£«■ **"»» 
" O i l vautumn a Conf loan# 
I children, lo cook, serve and core 
(las* sir e t I on ’ rah! Md e l 
,of •'**•»• " " n o t io n tocil.l.y 
B roadway Nor th I 
°* Full lime lob tar both husband prop porgy worm) pnd w||# Mou%)„ 9 and utilities furnished Salary and benefits based on qualifications Send re­ sum e w ith w ark h isto ry to 
P O Box 2747, Abilene,Tx 79484 
B A TTZ ¥ fc 'n 
o"r " u s 6 E uropean 
_ j lour COH 643-8873 wooes, good hours and working b'iLfVRKifl.'H ave port lime conditions Permanent tabs C o n 1 tact Maurice Ferrell 

PROOF CONSULTANT 
Wont m ature hard working in dividual. Neat appearance, must meet people well. Incentive plan, 
4o hour week, 3 evenings. Olan 
Mills Portrait Studio. Call 128-4174 tor appt 
SCQe e M 
RTK Y e RS needed, no experience necessary. Insurance benefits J49 2531 
ShaLlee Natural Vitamins, spare time sales business 484-444o 
------ W i f i n g CLfeRK------ 
7 3o to 4 Mon Fri 
924-44*1 United Personnel Con­ sultants 444 C S W Military Dr s t U D f e N f i needed to sell flowers, it 7$ hr or commission 
Coll 699-o28) 
Texaco truck Stop cashier H ie! besl-UMtave relief shift. 3 days. 2 evenings perm anent lob 4 day week-mature references start 
4414 per mo All Applications to 
A .J Ploch OH Co., Inc. 4747 Die tricH Dr. 4-4pm daily for inter­ view. No phone calls aloose 
Y B T iH ¥ ¥ Y e r -oT$eni¥T7 ^ivorir 
Mechanical background helpful 
Must be dependable 
B ED LA M BRA SS B E D S 
824-3914 otter IQAM 
Wanted load guitar hi lot origin ol material Offbeat funky rack 
Must have catchy rhythm and pattern leads Serious inquiries only 433 4743 

Posting machine, 1o-key opera tor, cashier Mature 333-2924 
P ro fe s s io n a l 
M e ch an ic a l 
Estimating, all types wealth ex­ perience Work in office or home 
Will travel out of town. 651-6321 
Typist, office or my home. NE, oft 
Ut lpm 444-4833 
Will do small sets of books in my home. IO yrs exp 342-4423 

CHOICE RENTALS 

243S SPUR M V I 3 I CP, $16o mo., Stove, fenced yard, tamer lot, i month lease 

126 DAKTHOO! 4-2-2, $3oo mo , 
Central air heat, range, refrigerator, garbage disposal, vent o-hood, fence, Full carpet 2- story with glassed in patio Va­ cant approx 2 weeks 

1319 LONGMONT 3 2 2, S2So mo. Control oir heat, range, refrigerator, dishwasher, garbage disposal, full carpet, fire otorm. 
Privacy fence, covered patio. 

2o6 
MEADOW 
GLEN 3 2 2, 
$295 mo Central oir heat, double oven, dishwasher, garbage disposal, carpet. 

673-5o83 
342-4115 
653 o57o 
W O R L D W ID E REALTY 

TOP RENTALS 
Adorable brick Townhouse with built in kitchen Only $165 per month We lust (jot it! Batter hur­ ry, this one won t last! 
8 2 8 -6 3 9 1 , A N Y T IM E 

Beanie Ow ens 
CO-REALTORS 
HE. LOOF OFC 

Luxury 2-1-1, central weather, all appl pets ok 419o 
United, 734-9121, fee (58o1) 
Mot Arthur-28o2 Knight Robin 
3-2-2, carpet, no pets, 4195 
344-734o Watson & Son 826 o644 
49o Mo., 445 Dep. 431 Eleanor. 
341-8134 
Modern 3-1'x-l, cent air, heat, carpet, appl utility shed, fence, 
United, 734 9121, fee (6111) 
Modern duplex, 8414 Starcrest, adults only. 696-11o7, 452-482o. 
Move In now! Remodeled duplex, garage, fenced, storage 4125. 
United, 735-9121, fee <5971) 
Near Ft. Sam, 2 bedroom, t bath, fenced, 56o 828 2722 
Near Kelly, I bedroom, clean, private, bus, 449. 434-9144. 
Near Lackland, newly redecorat­ ed, 3 bedroom , I bath, large fenced yard, available now $148 mo. 673-2154 
Near Medical Center, 3-2-2, cen­ tral heat ond air, large fenced lot, 
529o. per mo. plus dep. 696-738o 
N ear W in d so r Pk. M all, N E schools, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage, com pletely carpeted 
Fenced 4275., cheaper than buy- ing, 655-o212, 653-3148 
Neor Wonderland, brick, 3-2. cen­ tral, carpet, fenced, 826-o217 Atter 
5PM 
N E. clean 3 bedroom home, car­ peting, fenced yard. 52oo mo 
ROSSI R EA L T Y 
494-7781 
N E on quiet cul-de-sac, 3 2-2. p riva cy fence, central, large country kitchen with appliances and built-ins. $275 mo 41oo dep. 
Coll collect I 334 2442 Boerne, TX 

NEW 4 PLEXES 
1121o B E L AIR, OH Lockhili Set ma, I and 2 bedrooms, $12o to 
5)55 349-71o4, 733-7194, 432 7741. 
N ice 2 bedroom house, n e ar 
Lackiand ond Kelly, Call aHer 6. 
333-4499 

Boss tapped as part o f fraud 
A Kelly AKB employe who pleaded guilty to falsifying travel vouchers Friday impli­ cated his supervisors. 
Claude Leroy Warden 
Sr. told a U.S. magis­ trate his supervisors arranged for the frau­ dulent hotel receipts he and others turned in for reimbursement in .Jan­ uary 1975. 
Warden is among 28 civilian employes at 
San Antonio area mili­ tary bases charged with fraudulent Iv demand­ ing payment from tin government. 
Sentenced 

Eleven-year-old Richard Molina of San Francisco gives hemophi­ liacs hope as he shows how he can give himself an injection to prevent spontaneous bleeding. The youngster and his brother were 
Manuel 
Rodriguez taught the technique at University of California at San Francisco. 

NO C R ED IT N E E D E D ! 
Why no! own your own homo? 
Just *2oo down! From $1*9 per month 922 17o6, 673-4714, 676-75o9 
PAT M CVEY R E A L ESTA T E 
Northcentral, 2 bdrm, has appl air, co $155 
United, 735-9121, tee 
5823) 
N O RTH ERN H ILLS 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, I baths, den, electric kitchen, central heat oir, double garage. 5285 341 72o1. 
REA LTO RS, JO HN FLO U RN O Y 
N Star, 4-2-2, den with fireplace, 2 story, many extras, SISO 
United, 73S-9I21, tee (5892) 
NW 3-2-1, huge den, study, appl big fenced yard, 53oo 
United, 735-9121, fee (5812) 
OAK H IL L S , two story 4 2 2, 
Lease $175 mo A v a ila b le im- mediately 694-7546 

Continued 

Private I bedrm house, on ' lac 
Fenced Only *5o. 
United, 735 9121, tee (5711) 
R EN T A LS 
W L HAN D LE 
Choice NE Rentals 
BUDDY UECKER 
824-7361. 1324 Austin Hwy. 
J 
I REN T OR SA LE. 3-2-1. I blk NE schools 655-5432_________________ ! 
439 Rexford. 1-l-t. built ms, patio, fenced, all brick, 3 btks - North 
Star Mail. Close to school tm 
I m ediate o ccu p an cy 223 4521 
735 1888 1 »K' a 

4o8 ROMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

I room House, near SAC HOO per 
I mo. 732 229)______________________ 
South! rage Park 1-2-1, indoor pa­ tio, fenced, central air-heot, I blks elem 
St $7 mo. 
$75 deposit 
924-8o8$. 

NIGHTIMf COOKS 
Experienced dinner cooks. Top 

WANTED 
Tiro changar Full time work, must have own transportation, and heal appearance 481 141o 
Won! Husky Local Part or futl- time College Student truck driver. 
Commercial license No Smoking 
Good Pay F IS H E R 'S , 145o N E t oot) tm________________________ 

Want maid with work experience tor Cole High School, good work­ ing conditions. Call M r. D avis 
614-7534 tor appl_________________ 
W AREH O U SE PERSO N 
G E N E R A L M A IN TEN A N C E 
A P P L Y IN PER SO N 
________ HOI BROAD W AY________ 

W e Are Opening New Studio 
We need managers, interviewers, su p ervisee, receptionist, tela- phone o p erato rs and donee instructors Full ana part time 
No exporionce necessary Apply in person I 1opm Prod Astaire 
Dance Studio 3947 Fred erick s burg Rd 714-1*81 

RENTALS NOW 
AVAILABLE 

NORTHWOOD t FARK NORTH 

3-2-?'% - family loom - fireplace ft Sam Area 3 dean apartments rent reasonable1 YMI furnish 

8 2 4 -2 3 9 1 

Co.-RIALToRS 
Austin Hwy. Ole. 
ZjddEANHOWENi 

822 DOMESTIC 

MY PUCE RESTAURANT 
344 6214 

W A N T £5 : Residential air condi 
Stoning s e rv ic e m ech n on ic 
Steady 52 weak year round work 
Good fringe benefits Excellent opportunity with good future 
Servicing I maim brand at equip men! far established company 
Must be qualified to service can tral our conditioning units 
341-7141. 

616 FUQO DRMXX SERVICES 

JIM S COFFEE 
SHOP 

Now accepting applications 

 lot Waitresses, PM Shift 

Apply between 2 )9 ppd 4.-Do 

S S I Hildebrand and 
So* Pedro 

Qui newly remodeled Proud Bull 
Restaurant nuw hiring 
E X P E R IE N C E D ONLY 
COOKS 
W A IT R E S S E S i 
B U S B O Y S 
D ISH W A SH ERS 
Interview 9am 4 Hem Mon Fri 
T R A V E L LODGE 
IM V ILLIT A 
Also need motel M AIDS 
P a r ! tim e 
W a itre s s apply 
Sammy's Italian Room DIO Aas tin Hwy 
“ PXI W A IT * R I a n d” b u s b 6 y <; 
Must be neat and congenial with public apply at Personnel Office. 
La Mansion Hotel. It2 College St i f X T IP M B T ------ 
T R A IN EE 
Seme college and restaurant ex­ perience preferred Apply in per san tor interview to the Stockman 
Restaurant Corp , 499 s Cam mer ce St, between 16 a rn and I p rn Ask tor Mr Redan 
STTTTiT extra intomb * HO month up Permanent, in apod health tom lpm ort Sun Rax's EBO 1916 
S WW White Rd 

 evening openings, no exporignco 
; nocessory. knowledge of metro area, will tram, must have awn 
; transportation, apply in parson 
2991 San Pedro, Room 6. r Y P ¥ b lf c N f t ? 6 — 
J A N i f o E 
(nonsmoker) apply 1o-12 Hillside 
Manor *21 o6o4 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 
Cosmetics part time available 
Mature woman only Coll 344 1191 

A ttra c tiy * C o ck ta il w aitre ss wanted Night w ark Apply in person at Ilia Village inn. Number 
I M 
N t a l l . ________ 

• EA N POT R EST A U R A N T 
E X P E R IE N C E D BUS BO YS 
ANO CNINWASN6 RS 
M O RNING SH IFT 
Apply M person 119 Austin Hwy 
C U I R . I U U manager, lor ex elusive retirement center, goop pay, send resume lo Box No 4564 
I W o e s News 79297 

FULL OR PART TIME 

S7S-159 P E R W E E K 

CALL 341 22o5 

EULL PART TIME 
Need young men ond women Ie help out in my small appliance business. 
No exp ectan ce 

S ^ 9 IS Q m 
S « b L>ww—_ _ _ _ _ 
Girl needed ta answer phone, wait on customers, take orders, etc in retail store City Point A Supply 
1392 S Floral 

Handicapped Only 
Steady Employment. 42 an hour 
T E A R O O M M A N A G E R *(°fl * » “ »' ____ 
Need experienced manager tor 
Help Wonted Travel USA Circus grow ing tearoom b u sin ess 
225-1141 between 9 a rn-2 p m , 
Mgnday-Prtdoy 

WAFFLE HOOSE INC. 
W aitre e e e s and Sh ort O rd er 
Cooks needed tor this 24 hour lull s e rv ic e re stau ran t 
I shifts available Excellent benefits Ap­ ply in person Harry Wurfbach A 
RieapRpppr 
W ailers and waitresses wonted 
P loose apply between 1 4 p m 
Mon F ri Carte Michetino, U t ' > S 
Broadway 

Babysitter tar 2 children. Light housekeeping 
5 day week loam 5: IO pm 
On bus line 
References 344 o569_____________ 
Babysitter lo live-in. room and beard *2o u.-r week. 924 574* 
C a rt of ch ild re n needed im- mediately! Pre fe r person with cor. 433-21o6 

EXECUTIVE HOME 
O F F V A N C E JA C K S O N 4 be­ droom, I bath. large formal, din mg. wet bar, etc lease required 
Call 349-1434 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R EA LTO RS________ 

5932 FAIRWOOD 
T O W N H O M E . 2 bedroom s, 3 baths, range, refrigerator Lease 
417$. 694-992o 
H ob e n b er g a r -Collins Co. 
: FOR L E A S E - Large 2 bedrooms, 
I 2'> baths Townhome Living, din­ ing, family and utility rooms 2 car potage, fireplace, brand new 
Yard care furnished P ay own utilities Prestigious Goit Course 
Subdivision Call P A Yochem, day 824-7432. nites and weekends 
>3o 4971 

Southside Duplex For Rent. od Couples only 922-9914 bills 

SPECIAL THIS MONTH 
I Bedroom. $129. New 4-Plexes. 
1121o B E L AIR, Apt. J. 349-7196. 
731-7194, 432 7741 
St Marys, special! 2 Bdrm house, a real rent tor $9o. Call 
United, 73S-9I1I, fee (6193) 
STOP LO O KIN G 1 Coll now tor a large selection et 3 and 4 bedroom homes to rent, lease with option to buy or own Priced tram S22O-S4So mo. Call til 8 P M 
Executive Real Estate 824 534S 
Students I bdrm, cp appl no lease, kids pets ok 49o 
United, 735-OiH. tee (5933) 
T Bird Hills, 4114 w ar Bonnett. 
3 12, appliances. 525o 494 3344 

H O U SE K E E P E R , L ite house keeping, 5 day week Coll 349 t il 
Lady ta live in, care tor elderly, light housekeeping 
*49 week 
654-94)1_________ 
Lady la live in, help with children. drive 
Spanish or 
English, 
824 o46o 
Lite housekeeping, child care, own tronsp M F 654-4194 Camelot 

Live in housekeeper week 
I children 
619-4197 
_________ 

$' i days per 
References 

FOR REN T OR L EA S E 
11721 SM OKING OAKS 
4-3-2, super clean, arter I year lease 
DAY OR N IT E 445-494* 
MORTON 
SO UTHW EST 
____________ R E A L T Y 

T h u n d erb ird E s ta te s , 3 b e l grooms. J baths, double garage ond Appliances. 513o a mo. or 
Option to buy 654-94)5 et 655 7144 

IM E R B IR D HULS ~ 
411o Raincloud I bedroom . 2 bath, double oarage with all ap­ pliances Quick move in, military clause in lease $319 monthly 
Hurry on this one 
C E N T U R Y 21 
K elly Locklond Realty 
474 111) 
TOWNHOUSE 
Eeautitul living, carafree, con­ veniently located 1-3 2. Garden patio to garage Fireplace 
TH E G O L D E N K E Y 
Aportmenl Locators *18 5719 
TWO Ofi'uoms, I bath, large (tv I mg, complete kitchen, w asher | dryer, no pots. 429* monthly, in­ cludes water 341-9144 
Howard Tate, R E A L T O R . CEN- 
TURY ll 
_______________ 
I UTS A AREA, 3 bedroom. I bum rock heme with fireplace, built in kitchen. IS acres, I stall barn and I pood >4oo mo i l l i i i ! 

72o7 7124 Glen Bay 2 Bedroom. I bath and 3 Bedroom, I bath near 
Randolph and Fort Sam Houston 
34) H IT , 479 7111 
_________ 

5921 Village Row, (N E ), 1-1. air, 
Hove, ti 79 mo 114 7913__________ 

St* GRABO 
3-3 2, fenced yard, NE Schools 
*31o with I yr lease 344 o295 

LVN needed Live in tor elderly couple, lite nursing ond house­ keeping tasks tor elderly couple. 
Tronsp ond rot's required *1*9 per week *16 4*14 eves_________ 
MAID, part time, 4 days a week. 
IO a rn 4p rn g eneral house cleaning. Castle Mills Estate near 
Central Park Call 141-o8o7 or 
341 589o or 214-4479 
Motel D om ettic Help wanted, mold must be English ond Soon 
■sh speaking, apply al 1124 E l 

■ H A C IE N D A D EL SOL NW ■ 
1o994 BALTIC 
1 1 
1 bedroom opts tor tease. fireplace, some poolside Avail# blo March I, Call CM* Bowen 
341 1124 

WAITER WANTED 
Experienced Fo r new Fren ch 
Style Restaurant Call 424 **93 between 19-4 IO Mon Fri 
W IIT A M l l U rn lpm must speal bi Jo 

CHEF WANTIO 
Experienced Fo r now Fren ch I 441-4441 itylo restau ran t eau *26 5483 between IM 39, Mo F n 
(S O U Broiler Hmm, mu*! Bo fast. uwuly H O a rn., 1619 NE Loop 419, 
CPR M M M ! d ancer W aitresse s wonted al 
Andre s Reaver'* Don Club IIM 
B ia n co p l H ild e b ra n d 
C all f t P t m arter I p m for audition* 
4mn/ V MAM f*IiiiBiNUi■ ..... 
II,USS.*..*, .MBM' 
■ 

 tome Spanish E l Ja c a l!!* Bos lam owl 144 N WW White Rd 
W aitress end b arten der*, full lime, top pay, Southside * nicest club, 923 9779 
W o lf r t t t W an te d th u rs d a y 
Friday and Saturday at The Gal 
Stallion *99 Ackerman Rd 

WNATABURDER 

Needs permanent full time men and women Apply in 
S arson 9-1 lam on ly. 1234 roadway. 
No phono caus plea** 

Vaigus. HIO I W M ilitary O r ! 
South Pork Mall Ask for Prank 
Pooler Apply Fed I* ll, ffP'i K f e W l V l i 
W ork in your own neighborhood, full or part time 616-MU 
H o p m w iv o V or anyone with leat blo handwriting Ie address cards 
Call M rs Mc G rath betw een loom earn 929-9711 
~ W M 6 JQH "H iTltigilti 
Qualify now. earn and learn 
OO ARM Y M I I t l l or 6*3-9991 
L A D IE S Earn money at home 
I For free detail* tend self od dressed, stamped envelope to 
Onlyvu 794 Blakely, S A 79399 
1 4 Ladies, experience sale*, N I location 
Morton 
Cleaners 
1 913-4 ll, 
I r n r c m m i M B . i hours a d 
Iv, 5 day wook. *7* Stanley Home 
Fraduch inc., *33-141 
Maintenance iupervtsor versatile in qii forms at ground and struc­ tural m aintenance and obi* to sudor Vise maintenance Crew Old 
Spanish Missions 5313144 
M ain tenance man w ith largo apartment complex Plum bing, elect!teal end heating experience esse n tial 
L o c a l ro fo re n ce s required 
Aul turn. Apply 
1)4 lY w r t i r i i i l 
Man Tor' ground - ur.d 
1. mu n ten an cy 
143 T re a s u re W ay 
424 2214 9-4 IO 

4 2 Includes stove, retrieerator d ishw asher and disposal 
N I H D 4284 mo Avowable 
Mar 14 684 433o. 144 62o7 
OE AN IS 
O W EN * 
CO 
R EA LTO RS__________ 
Indian Creek 3 I carport air, ranee re trie 
4)64 pius dep 
732 3o17 Arter S P M 
__________ 

« 
J I 
S 
H 
. 
. 
: a r s is . ’,•STejr 
* ■ 
~o~ 
.............. 
I 
United, 71S-9121, fee (5773) 

Hunt (C^ r ,n o nf ,v .'m 
Bids, pots wok em*. I bdrm. Only eTx Ts«y£ — ‘ J i v b ^ roforences, h j j Extra storage, fenced 
*?♦ I? ? 4 >fy " * Vnt1!. m___________ 
United, t it P ill, tee (4762) tO P SA LA RY 4 afternoons, gen- I Lackland area Carpeted I bdrm erat housework ond child care 1 LOt* 'ono a,ea torpedo j Dorm 
Need tor ond references Call 
7 346144 or 34 1 8 2 26______________ 
Warned Matronly woman age 4o or above lo tare tor 4 cn.ldien ond do 
Hie housew ork in 
Nor inside home T ran s req 
646 2123 art 4pm 

W IN D SO R M A LL A R E A , I be­ droom , ce n tra l M A. p riv a c y tented corner lot, 
42*9 mo 
674-7499. 

•519 W. Mandalay* 
2 ♦ den, carpet, oft Son Pedro, storage, tits Eleanor 344 147) 
Your Own shangri-la. I bdrm, I 
^ oir^oahojiTk,*^^ 

41? RD OKS FURNISHED 

A L P H A H O T E L 
Reasonable, daily, weekly rates. downtown 114 N Main 

J 
H A R E nom inate needed 

 house, fenced yard. dryer washer connection, otter 4 p/3 SPPI 

1o6 LADDIE 
I bedroom , I bath, hoot, a ir 

 b24-MTDA HORS KANI id 

 care for elderly lady near St Leo s I 
Church, Ana, Anglo, 922-9477 
C H ILD C A R E in my home NE area * * wk days 42o wk Fenced yprd. 464-4146 
! 
Childcare, my homo. S t drop J 3-1-1 like new, dishwasher, cor 
Mtigpv-Frtdgy 924 5334 poled, by Windsor Park Moil. SHO 
Clos* to : mo 491 92)5 arter 5 weekdays 
L ik e new 
12 1 w ith la rg e fireplace, den, carpet, built int 
Camelot ll *374 mo *1oo dep Coli collet) ) 336 1442 Boerne Ti 

414 BOOMS, UNFURNISHED 
^ " " ^ ^ T 8 w S B W T f - 
(fe m a le ) 

4 1 6 -DOOMS WI iii BOAHti 

Alamo Mgts garage room, air, bath, re frig e ra to r, em ployed 

418 WIXNf JO HINT OH LEASE 

Middle oged couple with small poodle would Uh# to rent I or I bedroom, 2 both, townhouse, with wosher d ry e r connections, in 
Northeast Permanent with t n d 
714-o914 references *44 o4o3 
___________ 

 and Warden were both sentenced and given two-year probated sen­ tences and $1,ooo fines. 
U.S. Magistrate -Jo­ seph F. Leonard -lr imposed the probation­ ary terms on the condi­ tion tile two Kelly em­ ployes reimburse the government. 
Asst. I S Atty. VV 
Hay Jahn told Judge 
Leonard Warden and 
Rodriguez were among a group of 
Kelly workers who were as­ signed to temporary duty at bases in Texas and California. 
Warden said his supervisors would ar­ range with hotel em­ ployes to get receipts reflecting the regular price of rooms was paid. even though the 
Kelly workers received discounts because they were in a group. 

A c t io n 

Alf Force spokesman 
Joe Mt'Anally said F ri­ day disciplinary action may be taken against the convicted workers after all court action is completed 
He said tile adminis­ trative action could range from a letter of reprimand to suspen­ sion without pay to ter­ mination. 
‘ It will depend on the the amount of money involved.” M cAnally said. 
Jahn told 
Judge 
Leonard the govern­ ment is aware of W ar­ den s charges and the investigation is contin­ uing. 
Warden and Rodri­ guez bring to seven the total number of civil service employes con­ victed of the misdemeanor charge. 
Guilty rn plea nets 
2 years et 

A former 
IV s r 
County emplose plead­ ed guilty Friday to offi­ cial misconduct iii the use of public funds aud was assessed a two-year prison sentence 
Hist. Judge ll. F. 
“ Hippo” G arcia as­ sessed the sentence after Dolores I. Molina, 
:15. pleaded guilty to of­ ficial misconduct con­ cerning $l.L'tM> paid by lawyers to the district clerk’s office 
Mrs. 
Molina. a former deputy district clerk, was originally indicted by the Bexar 
County Grand Jury on charges of official mis­ conduct aud misappli­ cation of public funds. 
However, after she pleaded guilty to offi­ cial misconduct, the other charge was dropped by the district attorney's office. 
Mrs. Molina tailed to record the complete amount of fees the dis­ trict clerk's office re­ ceived for processing lawsuits while she was employed there, ac­ cording to a spokesman for the district attor­ ney's office. 

F i r m j o i n s 

 i i i p r i c e h i k e 

I 
PITTSBURGH (A P) — 
1 National 
Steel Corp. 
I Friday joined other 
I major steelmakers in 
; raising the price of its tm 
I mill products by 4.8 per 
I cent. 

-AP Wirephoto 
W ehling must refund tuition 

By B K N K IN G Jr. 
A district judge ruled 
Friday a private busi­ ness school operator must pay back $927,ooo in tuition payments to 
1,5o5 former students. 

Hist 
Judge Robert 
M urray entered the judgment against Carl 
I) Wehling who ran a statewide chain of busi­ ness and vocational schools. The chain was based in San Antonio. 
Judge Murray also ruled Wehling must pay 

 a $1.oo11 civil fine in addition to repaying the loans. 
Earlier ruling 
Earlier (his month a 
45th District Court jury found the corporations which composed Weh- ing's chain did not function as true corpor­ ations and. as a result, 
Wehling is responsible for their actions. 
The attorney gener­ al's office sued Wehling for violations of consumer protection laws. 
Coin firms’ mail halted 

Two San Antonio mail order coin companies cannot receive mail concerning coin mail orders until the validity of fraud allegations against them is deter­ mined. 
U.S. Dist. Judge I). 
VV. Suttle issued a tem­ porary restraining order Friday authoriz­ ing the U S Postal Ser­ vice to hold up all mail addressed to Riverside 
Coin Co. and Security 
National Coin Corp. 
Postal 
Inspectors have filed charges lie- fore an administrative judge in Washington allegimg the companies sold coins which were not as high (nullity as advertised in their ca­ talogs 
Judge Suttle's order allowed owner Ronald 
L. (Hoper Io rev iew c f d iii to tile com­ panies tod receive any mail not pertaining to the alleged unlawful scheme. 
It the administrative law judge rules against 
Riverside and Security 
National, mail directed to the firms will he re­ turned to the sender. 
The president til the 
American Numismatic 
Assn testified during a hearing 
Friday the coms sold to postal m- 

Y i e t i i a m v e t 

 t o h e a t ! V A 
WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— President Carter said Friday he will nominate Max Cleland. a triple amputee in­ jured in the Vietnam war, to be administra­ tor of veterans affairs. 
Cleland, J4, a former 
Georgia state senator, is a staff member of the 
Senate Committee oil 
Veterans Affairs. 
He volunteered for 
Vietnam duty in 1987 and served with the 1st 
Air Cavalry Division for ll months. Shortly after promotion to captain, he was wounded by a grenade. He received the Brouze and Silver stars. 
Cleland. an Atlanta native, was once ap­ pointed by then-Gov 
Carter to a commission studying the problems of Vietnam veterans in 
Georgia. 

 specters by Riverside had been polished to make them appear to he higher quality. 
The administrative hearing is scheduled 
March 9. 
Cooper's attorney. 
Anthony Nicholas, said he would answer the 
Postal Service com­ plaint before the hear­ ing. 
He sought to delay the 
Friday hearing on the temporary order so he could prepare a de­ fense. 
"To grant this order would in effect put this man out of business." 
Nicholas said. 

Those charges in eluded falsely certify mg to student loan in-; stituttons that students 1 were enrolled and not refunding student tui-j 
{ions. 
Students should bej refunded any part of J their unused tuition,j according to state law. 
The attorney gener­ al's suit against 
Wehling involved Par­ ish Draughon’s Bu si­ ness College and Tech­ nical Institute in San 
Antonio and four other schools in Texas. 
Seven other schools 
Uehling owned are also involved. 
Students testify 

During the week-long trial of the suit against 
Uehling, the attorney general's office pre­ sented several former students of Wehling s school. 
They testified even though they attended the school for only a few days. Uehling never refunded the unused part of their tuitions. 
Most of the students had paid their tuitions with federal loans. 
A former business associate of U ehling al­ so testified Uehling's business practices in­ cluded not repaving student loans, not pa>4 ing tax withholdings arid the rapid transfer of school funds between hank accounts. 
Death plot misses in 
Argentina 

Lor go I l l , den air, R o u t appl carpet tented *145 
United, 734 9111, tee ( M il) l l . tor go yord *49 dog 194 mo. 
*44 th H A R L A N , 923 t ilt 

(W ANTED to rent double garage tor slcrure , t USO nob I, sir, j i m 
(Wont I* rem approx. 4,999 eg ft. unturn tiou»e rn N E part at town, 
237 3474 befur 5 PM. 

Police continuing search for killers 

IH I N U M tti to TA K 
14 234 IOO* t x u«t64 ANO M IM * 

C hild care, m y hom e 
U SA A A Mod Complex 494 471) 
Child cd r* no*in, i- weekday*, rn font* la I yppr* 494 3994 
E X P E R IE N C E D Young Lody de 
4tre» perm anent work ae recep troniAt 
P r o t o n D r '4 office. 
Nortjuidg C W type 731 let* 
Experienced Route Servicem an with Van truck wiktiee part lime 
■aura y#ch 6**-3919__________ 
IK R . w t m 'i Aide wants care for elderly day ar merit 
Ret 
Call 
5 M I9 7 
FO O D Service Suporvi»pr desires p .titian in n u rsin g hom e (Write 
F O Box IO M I, 

1-2, located IP Bab cock N orth 
(W bthor, d ry e r, stove ond re ­ frige rator included Im m ediate occupancy 
*271 mo 494-41)9. 
344-4297 
9 l * w»S 9 « fN *c g .___ 
L O V E L Y O U F L E X 
IO O E v e n in g Dun. I m l north 
Central P a rk M all. I bedroom , barn and a hart, oarage, utility room, wa th et dryer cannet dont fenced yard, w ater paid, yard hoot U M m 14*4 

SELL 

And it** 944V! Jut! coli us toddy ond wa'll put your low-cost od in print. 

For extra cath, toll those golf club* ,. . now! 
Call 225-1666 

Police continued their search Friday for two knife wielding at­ tackers who fatally stabbed a young San 
Antonian. 

The victim, Johnny 
Salinas. 28. of IBIO EMI 
Fernando St., collapsed on a city bus in the 22181 block of Guadalupe 
Street Thursday night after flagging the vehi­ cle down, police said. 
Witnesses told police two men had chased the v u tim into an ice iiouse 

 where he was stubbed despite his efforts to fend them off with a beer Ixittle. 
After the pair fled. 
Salinas staggered into the street and flagged down a westbound bus, officers reported. 
The man collapsed iii the aisle of tile bus aud the driver notified of­ ficers, reports said A 
Green Hospital spokes­ man said Salinas had been stabbed twice i ii the chest and once i ii the face. 

COMUIUD flo w Witt SiftVICtS 
BUENOS A IRES - A bomb blasted a 15-foot hole in an airport runway 
Friday, 2o seconds after a plane carrying Presi­ dent Jorge Videla and top aides lifted off from an adjacent strip. 
Videla arid the others were unhurt in the as­ sassination attempt, the third against the 
Argentine president, lie took over the presidency after Isabel Rerun was deposed last March. 
Hundreds of army troops and police quickly ringed the airport in northern Buenos Aires. which serves domestic flights. There were no immediate arrests and no other explosives were found 
A m i n b l a m e * 
G o d f o r d e a th * * 
N A IR O BI. Kenya - 
Uganda's president Idi 
Amin says the deaths of the black Anglican arch­ bishop of Uganda and of two government minis­ ters were a punishment of God, Uganda Radio said 
The broadcast said au­ topsies on tin* three men 
— who were accused of plotting against Amin — proved they died of in- juries suffered in ail auto crash. 
Amin was quoted as telling a visiting U N. delegation he is not con­ cerned over outraged protests from church and human rights groups ar­ ound the world who l>e- lieve the three were murdered. 
\ a li c e p le a s e d 

 w it h p r o p o s a l 

AMMAN, Jordan — 
Secretary of State Cyrus 
Vance says Egyptian 
President Anwar Sadat’s latest proposal on a Pa- lesttman-Jordanian link has nano wed the gap between Israel and the 
Arab states on starting a 
Geneva conference, alth­ ough major differences 

 remain. 
Vance said he believes the Egyptians are exert­ ing pressure on the Pa­ lestine Liberation Organ­ ization to revise its ap­ proach so as to accept 
Israel s existence. 
Vance then flew to 
Beirut to confer with le ­ banese officials about the 
Middle Fast aud the re­ construction of Lebanon from its civil war 
Ile said another $5o million would Im* made available bv the U S. to Lebanon for relief. 

S o c i a l H t M M ir ilv o u t l o o k b l e a k 
G EN EV A — The out­ look is bleak for the world’s social securitv systems, some of which have run up astronomical debts because ol global recession, according to a study by the Internation­ al Labor Organization. 
The stud.* said the U S expects Social Security fund assets to cover less than half the costs of the program this year while 
West Germany expects a deficit of $4 5 billion for pensions alone. 

/ V in Am shunted 
W E ST 
B E R L IN 
- 
Russia has told the Wes tern allies a proposed daily flight by 
Pan 
American World Airwyvs 
I rom West Berlin to Zur­ ich would he a v iota (Jon of Sov let air space. 

K i i c r g j b 'U 'i b b * 

VIENNA — Solar en­ ergy could become econ­ omically feasible in the developing countries within IO years if con­ version equipment can be mass-produced with 
Western know-how. an international panel of e\- perts report. '_______