SPORTS, SOCIETY, BUSINeT sTtHE STAR, WOMEN’S NEWS, SOAP OPERA REVIEW, SUNDAY MAGAZINE MOVIES, ARTS, FEATURES, INSIGHT, POLITICS 

Where television left off. ROOTS 2 continues. . . 

★ In the STAR 

* rn a * ate. as*. S W E E P S T A K E S ’77 C O N T IN U E S 
*1,ooo BONUS 

PLUS 1o TICKETS TO SEE THE S P U R S See Col. 6 

JOW 
DENVIR 

.f/jt 
■// rn 

■ < 

Where he’s from. . . 
Where he’s going. . 

 v , 
. # 

SPORTS 
FINAL 
F 

35<t 

F E B R U A R Y 13, 197 7 

THE SUNDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 

America’s fastest growing Sunday newspaper 

F O R E C A S T 

P a rtly cloudy, mild. 
High, near 7o. Lo u , mid 3os. Details. Page 
HI) 

SATURDAY TIMPt.RATURtS 
IN COIUMN W O 

Manges: 
S P O R T S ' 
_ 
, 
S E I R E T 
Tale of Eft5™ 

Starts on 
Page I S 

 a bank buyout 

H istorically distinguished and so­ cially prominent, the Groos National 
Bank of San Antonio resisted Indian raids and survi\ed panics and depres­ sions. Then along cam e Clinton 
Manges. This is the account of his stunning takeo\er of Groos Bank. 

By M IK E COC HRAN 

 and M IL L E R BONNER 

On March 2H. 1973. directors ol the Groos National Bank as­ sembled iii their elegant board room for a most unusual meet­ ing. 

The mood was solemn, and the men ol money and influence swapped few routine pleasantries. 
Quietly, hastily, as if acting out a scene from “ The Moneychangers." they took pencils and scraps of paper and one by one scribbled out their resignations. 
“ I hereby resign as an officer and director of the Groos National Bank of 
San Antonio." wrote Ernest W. (irons 
•lr., president arid a descendent of the founding family. 
"Please accept my resignation as director." penned another. 
**. . . effective im mediately." con­ cluded a third. 
‘Cleaning house’ 

Thus ended a long, bitter battle of control of the (irons, then a SHU million institution, organized iii Isr>4 and a financial fixture in the "Queen City of the Southwest." 
That was the day. one would recall, 
“ when Clinton began cleaning house." 
It was a thorough job. 
Bv nightfall, aller a second special hoard meeting, the nucleus of a new board was seated and Clinton Manges’ stormy hanking career had entered a new phase. 
For the secretive South Texan, re­ clusive overlord of vast ranch and oil properties, it was a heady coup, alth­ ough in one sense the battle had just begun 
Tin* overthrow was nut easily ac* 

See (iKOOS BAN K. Page SA 
Carter plans defense cuts 
COMR1UO THOM WIRT RI PORTS 
PLA IN S. Ga 
— President Carter said Saturday that he would cut the level of defense spending recommend­ ed bv President Ford in .January. 
But the revised budget would still contain a "substantial increase" over the previous fiscal year, he said. 
In what amounted to a brief news conference, ( arter disclosed that he had finished making revisions in the 
Ford defense budget for the fiscal year 
IH7H. which tiegins on Get. I. 
Hi* added that hi* would spend the weekend al Ills house ill Plains study­ ing other revisions iii the spending plan The revisions will go to Congress probably a week from Monday, he said 
VV bile he doubled that there would Im* drastic changes, ( arter said of the defense budget that it will Im* less than 
Ford proposed, which was $123.1 bil­ lion in defense appropriations. 

S t o c k s h o w e v e n t s 

SUNDAY, K EB. IS 

8:oo a.rn. — Judging Brangus, 

Junior Show, Junior M ar­ ket Lam bs, A B B A B ra h ­ mans. 

9:oo a.m. — Judging Regis­ tered Quarter Horse. Cut­ ting Contest. 

1:3o p.m. — Judging Junior 

Show Heifers, Red Angus and Shorthorn. 

2:oo p.m. — Rodeo Perfor­ mance, Toni Ingraham. 

3:3o p.m. — Judging Junior 

Show Heifers, Santa Ger- trudis. 

7:3o p.m. — Rodeo Perform­ ance. Toni Ingraham. 

Secret Service training in S.A. 

By ED KINGSHOTT 

Secret Serv ice agents are re­ ceiving military dog handler training at Lackland A FB to beef up security tor foreign di­ plomats in Washington D.C., the 
Express-News has learned. 

The same agents and their dogs also could be deployed to the White House in event of an emergency, a Secret 
Serv ice spokesman said 
The D epartm ent of Defense Dog 
School at Lackland is in charge of the training. 
The school trains dogs for patrol and sentry duties. Dogs also are trained to detect bombs and to attack on com­ mand. 
The Secret Serv ice spokesman—who asked not to he named—said agents at 
Lackland art* receiving patrol dog handling training only. 

'We don't like to folk about protective measures and techniques' 

Patrol flogs arc used to detect and apprehend intruders. Germ an she­ pherds have proved to In* the hest suited for military work as patrol dogs. 
Uniformed 
Agents trained at Lacklan d , the spokesman said, are Executive Pro ­ tective Service officers. They are a uniform branch of the Secret Service. 
The spokesman said dogs and their handlers will he primarily responsible for patrolling foreign missions to as­ sure the safety of the diplomatic com­ munity in the Washington area. 
He said he could not make public the number of Secret Service agents trained at Lackland. He also said he could not talk about Hie training they 

 are reeeiv mg. 
“ We don't like to talk about protec­ tive measures and techniques." lie ex­ plained. "W e won't get into the speci­ fies of training because that's an area of security techniques and procedures aud we usually don’t discuss Biose." 
Training began last year and each course runs 13 weeks. No agents, how­ ever. are now receiving dog handler training, although mort* classes are scheduled, the spokesman said 
Secret 

Secret Service funds pay for the 
Lackland training Total costs could not Im* revealed, the spokesman said, because such figures are made availa­ ble* only Ut C onure**^, which vhurve*** the Secret Service with assuring the safety of foreign diplomats. 
“ W e're constantly evaluating our se­ curity techniques so this is just all­ ot lier method to be used." the spokes­ man said. explaining why the Secret 
Service decided to use the Lackland acility. 

A spokesman for the Lackland dog school said all comments on the train­ ing would have to come from the Se­ cret Service. 
The school trains flogs for use by the 
Army. Navy. Air Force and civilian police organizations Training includes drug and explosives detection. The school also trains military and civilian personnel as dog handlers. 
Most dogs trained are German she­ pherds. Other breeds include Dober­ mans. m iniature schnauzers, cairn terriers, beagles aud m iniature fox terriers 
Others 

The Secret Service is not ihe first non military agency to use the Lack­ land dog school 

Dogs also are trained al Lackland under an Air Force-Federal Aviation 
Adm inistration program , which is funded iii part by tin* Law Enforce­ ment Assistance Administration 
Civilian pollee department officers arc taught to handle dogs specially trained to detect bombs at airports 
Policem en from Honolulu, C leve­ land. Houston. Los Angeles and New 
O ilcans have received dog handler training at Lackland, a base sjMike man said nse: might’ve lost 

N h e e p | f e l h u n g r y l o o 

The Stock Show and Rodeo are supposed to be fun for everybody, right? That includes sheep, as far as 8-year-old Stacy McIntyre of Eola is concerned. Stacy’s one-year-old Southdown didn t have to be asked twice if he wanted a bite of that ice cream bar. 
YtaM S o lo s Ron ion ,, 
Crowds pack coliseum 

By B IL L CUNNINGHAM 
AGRtCUlTURt tCHTOR 
More sunshine and more big crowds at the San Antonio Li­ vestock Show and Rodeo ut Joe 
Freeman Coliseum are the pre­ dictions for Sunday. 

'X 
Inside the Express-News 

Many of the visitors will be from the 
Kin Grande Valley, as Sunday will he 
Kin Grande Valley Day at the show. 

One of the day s highlights will he the selection of a Bio Grande Valley 
Day queen and princess at 5:3o p.m. at the Family Center. 

Sunday rodeo performances at 2 and 
7 3o p m will mark the final appear­ ances of Tom Ingraham, country aud western singer, as the guest star. 

Xetion/Express.................. 
SD 
\ rts 
............. Magazine 
Business..........................Section Ii 
( lassilied................ 
Section ( 
Deaths. ............................ 
IS 
Dedication Rew arded ..............3k 
Ed ito rials..................................211 
Horoscope ............. 
IF 
Vlov i r s ............................Magazine 
P o litics..’. .................................. $11 

C h u c k le 

Soap operas......................... ,.i IB 
Sp orts........................... Section S 
W eather......................................HD 
C O LI M M S is 
Von Landers. ....................... 71- 
Dan ( ooh 
.......... 
2S 
Dan kteppei............................. HS 
Dear Abby 
.......................71 
Jack Anderson...................... 3H 
Paul Thompson 
................. iv 
SATURDAY I T«MPBRATUACl 

Sunday indging. 

Judging 

 also will in* a big day for 

Related stories, 

 photos on 

Pages .t i 14A, 

I5A and 6S 

I shall now illustrate what I have in m ind," said the professor as lo* erased the blackboard, 

I H T H YEAR N O . 39 

Starting at 8 a nt. will Im* the judging of junior market lambs in the lamb arena. o|h*ii aud junior show Brahmans of the Am erican Brahm an Breeders 
Vssn aud junior show Brangus cuttle in Hie cattle barn arena 

Judging til registered quarter horses in the cutting contest will begin at 9 a in in the horse arena. 

 sunday judging will include red angus and shorthorn junior show heifers at I 3o p in aud Santa Gertru* lls junior show heifers al 3 3o p iii., both in the cattie (tarn arena 

Crowds lH*gan swarming onto the J im* 
Freeman Coliseum grounds early Sa­ turday 
The inside parking lots were lammed by IO a.in. 

Saturday was one of the lug days tor judging aud there were sales of horses, 
Brangus cattie aud swine of ail breeds 

Young people aud some lait so young had a big time at the carnival attrac­ tions in the cast section of the coliseum grounds 

Saturday was lim al Youth Du, 
Pres*, Hadnt and Television Day and 

By JE R R Y D EAL 

One present City Council member might not have been elected if Sun Antonio had sin- gle-member districts two years ago, an Express-News study in­ dicates. 

Too many factors have changed lur close comparisons of political pro­ spects, lint election records show Unit 
Dr. I) Ford Nielsen garnered fewer voles than Ins chief opponent in 15173 iii what is now the new iv-formed council 
District H. 
Dr. Nielsen lives in District H and has filed for re-election to council 
The other seven current Connell members would have won tlieir dis­ tricts, based on vote totals in the 1975 
[Hill. 
The study doesn t necessarily reflect on Nielsen’s re-election chances this year. 
But it does add yet another strong indication that 1977 will in- a year ut sweeping political change tor tile city because of amendments to the ( tty 
Charter w hich were approved l>> voters last month. 
Changes 

With the 1977 election City C ouncil switches from a nine-member, at-large system to a ten-seat, single-member* district system Form erly the mayor was elected from among council members, In the future the mayor alone will run at large to hold an ele­ venth council |H>sition 

The changeover is expected to bring new cam paign styles as well as a larger council. 
Here is a Unik at each of the ten new council districts, where the tncum- benis live and what would have hap- 
[letted two years ago: 
DIVING I ONE 
—- Councilm an 
Henry Cisneros would have won his center-city district handily, defeating opponents without entering a runoff. 
Ills vole total within what is now the district was 3 2H9. lbs five opponents together won univ a Jota! of 3.o25 
DINING T I M O 
- C ouncilm an 
< laude Black lives in tills East Side district Gut he lias announced he won t run Fir re-election this year The Nev . 
Black earned his district overwhelm­ ingly tit 1975 
DINI N KT TH NEE - Councilman 
Boh B illa carried his southeastern district with little trouble in 197$, claiming EMU votes to the 2.979 won by 

Sin jr/*• mvmher dis­ tr irlf* n inth! ha r f 

 infant ti dij'ffrrni 
('tty (.annf it mar in office 

 his nearest competitor, It 
K "B o b " 
Montalvo. 
Bot Montalvo garnered enough votes in the citywide [Milling to force a run­ 

 tier C U I S C IL , Page UA 

You may have wan 

 ll you're in a winning mood today. 
Mrs your luck on page SD. D ial s juliere you'll find this week's giant 
K l (MMI Bonus Number in Ihe Ex- 
I press-News big 159,999 Sweepstakes 
I 77 

 ll your Social Security number 
[matches today’s winning number, 
,vou vc won voursell ll 99o in prizes. 
And. ii \ou re a winner and \nu re 
{presently a subscriber lo the daily iExpress and lite News. you will be 
’awarded an additional 5599 iii 
[prizes. 

II you vc won and presently sub 
,-ribe to the daily Express or The 
(News, you ll get an extra $259 in 
[prizes. 

(letting in on the contest is easy. 
I Just mail in the entry in today 's 
I pa per then watch the Express Ihe 
Newn arid weekend Express News lier winning numbers. II yours is 
(published, you re a winner. 

\ total ol $3oo in prizes is up tor 
[grabs every day iii the contest The 
[unique feature oi the competition is 
[lhat winners get to choose then own 
[prizes (rom the pages of the Ex 
(press and News 

No purchase is necessary to enter 
[or win III Ihe contest t ir e entries tare also availab le and w inning 
[numbers are posted al the J \ press News, \vciioe I and I bird 
»i 
I rom H i i a iii to t ti p m irekdavs 

Nader talk is 'raided’ 

About a dozen pro-nuclear power dem onstrators stormed the hall in 
Providence, R I., where consumer advocate Ralph Nader was speak­ ing about a New England Power Co. proposal to build a nuclear genera­ tor. 

The dem onstrators were part of a crowd of about IOO demonstrators described by an ironworkers union official as “ .inst unemployed people who feel their future is at stake.” 

The protesters broke through the re a r door of the F irs t B aptist 
Church, shouting. “ We want jobs.” 
One demonstrator was ejected by police but the others were perm it­ ted to stow 

Big Brother taketh aw ay 

The government gives, and the government takes away, Boh Neu­ m ann. a disabled construction worker in Vancouver, B.C.. has found out the hard way. 
Neumann, who received $3o9 as compensation for being a mugging victim, found out the government will now recover it from $2f55 a month handicapped allowance. 

M 
IJrlpl A 
. 

I 
■makers 
Scott has hope on arms 

Form er U. S. Sen 
Hugh Scott says it would not surprise him to see the United States take the lead in nuclear disarm am ent to hasten agreements with the Soviet Union in strategic arm s limitation talks. 
“ I am satisfied the Soviets are anxious to go ahead with those talks.” said Scott, referring to arm s limitation discussions. “ AU that’s holding up the solution is an agree­ ment over B ackfire and C ruise missiles. 
Scott, a Pennsylvania Republican who just stepped down after 24 years in the Senate, made the re­ m arks Friday to a group of young lawyers in Philadelphia. 

Her dream cam e true. 
Brenda 
Howard, I 7, of Barstow, Calif., has been named Cinderella. 
Just 'The Thing’ 

San Quentin Prison officials and inmates say they have cut down the time needed to search trucks for contraband weapons by building 
“ see-through” vehicles. 
"We decided to build a vehicle with very few hiding places.” said 
Henry Harris, the prison's station­ ary engineer superintendent. 

H a rris said he b o u g h t two wrecked sedans from the state and inmates began reconstructing them into trucks, w ith frames of box steel tubing and cargo com partm ents of tough steel mesh 

“We call it ‘The Thing.’ ” Harris said. 

Cinderella headed for the forest 

One girl sent in a nude photo, and there was a 19 - year - old man am o n g th e m o re th a n 2,ooo e n ­ trants. but Hollywood’s search for a modern Cinderella cam e up with a teenager who said, “ this would be my own fairy tale.” 
Brenda Howard, 
17. of Barstow, 
Calif., won Universal Studios’ Cin­ derella contest Friday. Like Cin­ derella, she was orphaned in child­ hood and has lived with relatives ever since. 
“ I’m just a girl with sim ple d ream s,” Miss Howard wrote in the 
25-word statement that accom pan­ ied her contest application. “ One dream is to be someone special. 
C inderella is special. And this would be my own fairy tale.” 
The contest held to publicize 
Universal’s movie “ The Slipper and the Rose,” a Cinderella rem ake already completed, was announced iii ads that said “ Are you the real 
Cinderella?” 
The prize is a vacation at Yose­ mite National P ark in California and a small part in an upcoming feature film, “ High School.” 
The studio has no plans to develop the girl into a star. Miss Carroll said. “ She wants to be a park ranger.” the publicist said. 

Executions on television stir em otion 

Gunman tricked, 
8 hostages saved 

CINCINNATI (AP) - Eight hostages escaped unharm ed Saturday when a sh o tg u n -arm e d m an who had held them overnight at a home for unwed mothers was tricked into believing a police officer was the son he had not seen for 2o years. 
Jesse Coulter, 39. and his ex-wife. 
Rita (libbeon, 37. were barricaded w itll the hostages, including a p reg n an t teen-ager, iii the X ray room at the 
Catherine Booth Home for 13 hours. 
Coulter threatened to “ blow aw ay” the hostages unless the couple's son was returned, police said 
Six hostages escaped when Coulter dropped his shotgun while lighting a m arijuana cigarette. In an effort to free the last two h o s ta g e s , a police officer told the couple he was the son they gave up for adoption two decades ago at the old Catherine Booth H o sp i­ tal 
Satisfied 
“ I’m satisfied.” Mrs (iibbeon said 
"That's my son Let s (put 
Arm iii arm. the couple strolled out of the building. Police took them to jail 
( n i e i n n a ti Police Lt 
Daniel ( a s h said no c h a r g e s would be h i e d u n til 
Sunday Police said they di d not know whether Mrs (iibbeon, who now lives 

 iii I n c a . Midi . w a s a w i l l i n g p a r - 

 lie th r e a te n e d tit ‘b lo w lh em a w a y' aniens author• dies returned his situ, police sa it! 

Unpaid in the siege. 
A spokesman at the home said that. at one point. Coulter held the shotgun in the m outh of 13-year-old Sally 
Heath, the pregnant patient, for HI minutes. He doused another hostage with alcohol and threatened to ignite it but never did, the spokesman added 
Coulter, who now lives iii Detroit, had a crim inal record in M ichigan, where he pleaded guilty in 19fi9 to felonious assault during a gun battle with police. He was s e n te n c e d to three-to-four years in prison 
The episode came less than two days afte r a g u n m an in In d ia n a p o lis released unharmed the hostage he had held for three days. 
Police said Coulter, accompanied by his ex wife, entered the unwed mothers home Friday night and took seven women and one man hostage. tic threatened to “ blow them aw ay” miles-* authorities returned his son. police said 
P olice m et a second demand — allowing the gunman to talk bv telephone with a sister in Detroit 

In addition to Miss Heath, the hos­ tages w ere G race K eller, a n u rse ; 
Angela Taylor, a patient; Angela’s sis- ter, Rebecca, w ho had come to pick her up; John Fisher, a patient at a sickle cell an em ia clinic o p e ra ted by the home; and B everly J o y c e P ry o r. 
Ju a n ita Gain and Mary O w ens, all employes. 
A tactical weapons squad surround­ ed the building through the night, and some officers kept a vigil iii front of tile barricaded room. 
Late Saturday afternoon, police said. 
Coulter dropped the shotgun w hile lighting a marijuana cigarette and the gun discharged, missing everyone. Six of the hostages ran screaming from the room. 
“ It didn’t hit anybody,” said Lf. Ha­ rold Mills. “ It’s a m iracle with all those people in the room. As far as we know, he had only that one shell in his gun,” Mills said. 
Knife 
Coulter managed to hold onto two of the hostages, a man and a woman, and threatened them with a six-inch knife and a pair of scissors. At one point, firemen at the scene strung hose to the building when Coulter doused one of the two with alcohol, threatening lo set the hostage on fire. 
Coulter held the two for several ten­ sion-filled minutes, police said, until he apparently fell for the ruse iii which police officer Stephen Jennings played the part of the son. Coulter’s brother- in-law. Columbus Brown of D etroit, also helped set up the trick. 
The two hostages jumped Coulter as the gunman fell for the police trick 
Maj. David B a x e n d a le. d iv isio n com m ander of the Salvation A rm y, which operates the home, confirmed a son was born to the Coulters at the old 
Catherine Booth Hospital, which was at another location in Cincinnati. 
Other children 
Police said the former wife. who was the mother of the son. contacted the home last week and attem pted to trave her child, but was told records were confidential and unavailable. 
Police were able to piece together sketchy details without Coulter’s help 
They said he had at least three other children in Utica. Mich. 
He spoke little during negotiations with police and often had a pregnant teen ager serve as intermediary . 
Coulter taunted and h ara ssed the hostages, police said. They said one woman was kept for a tim e in hand­ cuffs. 
Mills said police had learned the tentative identity of the son. but did not 

RELEASED h o s ta g e com forted by police is 

 contact him. “ He’ll never know who his father is,” said Mills, "and that s a promise.” 
Best seller author sued 

TYLER (AP) - A S1.5 million libel suit has been filed against Thomas 
Thompson, author of “ Blood and Mon­ ey.” by a Longview police officer. 
John Raymer filed his suit earlier this week in U.S. District Court here. 
Thom pson's book deals with the circum stances surrounding and the investigation of the deaths of Dr. John 
Hill, a Houston plastic surgeon, and his wife. 
On May 15, 1974. Raymer shot and killed Bobby Vandiver, who was want­ ed by Houston police in connection with Dr Hill’s slaying. Vandiver was slain at a Longview cafe. 
Also named in Raym er’s suit were 
Doubleday, the book’s publisher, and 
North Brunch Road Corp , which holds the book s copyright. 

LOS ANGELES news? 
The idea appeals to some broadcas­ ters and leaves others cold. But the discussion is no longer academic since a federal court iii Texas ruled in favor of a TV newsman’s suit to allow film­ ing of executions although the execu­ tion in question, scheduled for Jan. 19, was postponed at the last minute. 
Of the three m ajor networks, only 
CBS has expressed a desire to film an execution — but not for im m ed ia te public viewing. 
“ We have no intention of using the film, except for our arc h iv es,” said 
Dick Salant, president of CBS news. 
“We might use it for a documentary in five or IO years.” 
Executives for NBG arid ABC say they have no plans to film executions but did not rule out the possibility that they might. Bill Sheehan, president of 
ABC news, says any decision by his network would be made case by ease. 
Tony Garrett, a newsman for Public 
Broadcast System’s HERA TY in Dal­ las. won a suit last December before 
U.S. D istrict Court J u d g e W illiam 
Taylor forcing Texas prison officials to permit film coverage of the execution of Jerry Lane Jurck, 2H. 
But even Garrett, who was in state prison with his cam era crew when Ju- rek’s death sentence was stayed, says he isn ’t su re executions should be broadcast. “ My contention all along is that it is an editorial decision. My job is to get the film to the news director.” 
However, at least two broadcasters in Amarillo, had said they would film the execution for their 111 o’clock news A third, HEDA, declined, sav ing it wouldn’t be appropriate telev ision at any time. 
“ I’d hate to look back III years and say I was chicken to do it.” said Ben 
Boyett, news director of KAMR-TV. 
“ It’s a piece of history that television would Im* able to show to p e o p le . ” 
Bill Z o rtm an . news d ir e c to r at 
KVII-TV, said, “ We want to show that capital punishment is indeed suffering and indeed does kill ... I think it will be a deterrent lo crim e if it’s handled right.” 

Good taste 

CBS’ Salant said the possible de­ terrent effect of televising an execution 
“ is a m atter of indifference to us ... 
The sole criteria should be good taste and good news judgm ent.” 
Dr. S eym our F e s h b a c k , a p s y ­ chologist at the University of Califor­ nia Los Angeles who wrote the book 
“ Television and A g g ressio n .” says data on possible viewer effect is un­ available. But he believes “ in the short run, the witnessing of an execution might act as a tem porary inhibition, like witnessing any sort of obnoxious event. But in the long run people will lose it (inhibition)” and begin to think of the death penalty as a routine event. 
Harold Streeter. 73. a veteran news­ man of nearly 5o years who has wit­ nessed seven gas cham ber executions and one hanging, goes even further. He says the public might not be shocked at all. at least by gas ch am b er execu­ tions. 
“ I think most people would be rather disappointed in a gas cham ber execu­ tion ... He (the victim) just bobbles his head a little bit and that’s all there is to it.” said Streeter, who currently works for the San Franciso Examiner. 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
An execution in living color on your IO o’clock 

Executions wanted but not on TV 
Final returns in the Express-News’ capital punishm ent balloting show readers favor executions by a large majority. 
The more than 5.ooo ballots also show readers don’t want executions telev isftl. 
Only about 3o per cent of those voting wanted executions live on TV. 
The balloting showed readers leaned more tow ards executing crim in als after Gary G ilm ore’s execution for murder by a Utah firing squad. 
Only about 12 per cent of those responding in the one-month poll were against capital punishment. 
However the poll shows that about 13 lier cent of the people still haven’t made up their minds one way or the other. 
These are the final returns; 
Capital punishment 
R estore... 
Abolish ... 
Undecided 
T o ta l........ 

No 
TV Executions 

4.o19 
. 499 
. 61b 
Lib) 

3,544 
Y es................ 
Undecided .. 
T o ta l............ 

1.56b 
.. 54 
5,164 

NATO eyeing 
Soviet missile 

>WNTOWN 9 3o TO 5 3o MON THRU SAT 
Ham KINO Al HUND DOWNTOWN 61 G it 
SUBURBAN 9 3o TO 6 OO m on Twiu S a ! 
Alt MAJOi C8IDIT CARO5 HONORIO 

 m a n c h e s t e r g u a r d i a n s e r v ic e 
BRUSSELS — NATO intelligence experts have detected the widespread deployment in western Russia of the 
SS2U in te rm e d ia te ran g e b allistic missile, it was revealed here Friday. 
The missile, with a range of just under 3,ooo miles, is capable of being launched from a railway car or a tracked road vehicle. 
This mobility makes it extremely difficult to detect — and knock out iii time of war 
Unlike Western equivalents, it docs not need a silo for launching The SS2o can he hidden in a railway tunnel or a barn and moved rapidly. 
Not included 
North Atlantic Alliance strategists l*nnt out that as an intermediate ucu pun, it is not included in the Strategic 
Arms Limitation T alks with the So\ let 
Union 
The negotiations a re c u r r e n tly stalled, but Secretary of State Cyrus R 
Vance will visit Moscow next month iii an attempt to get them resturtt*d 
S o u rces h ere su g g e st the SS'JU missile will be high on the list of topics 

 that Vance will want to take up with the Soviet leaders. 
The deployment of this weapon has ta k en p lace w ithin th e last four months, experts here claim. 
They say the Soviets intend to make some bot] such missiles—-BMI of which are intended for use against the Euro­ pean NATO m em ber countries, the rem ainder to be deployed in readiness against Communist China 

Iii addition, Hie Soviets can add an extra stage to the basic two-stage de­ sign of the SS2o, thus converting it into an intercontinental ballistic missile. 
The definition of ICBM* is a range of al least 4 IKR) miles 
Because of the booster possibility, sources here feel Hic SS2o should also 
Im* included in the SALT talks 
Tor their part, tile Soviets are ex­ pected to insist the SS2t) is a reply to the U S cruise missile, winch follows the contours of the ground ii traverses and. so far. is virtually imixtssible to stop once ll has been launched and targeted 
The cruise missile is also outside the defined Mope of the SALT talks. 

Under appeal 

Judge Taylor’s decision, now under appeal, was hailed as an im portant asse rtio n of te le v is io n ’s rig h t to equality with newspapers in the con­ stitutional guarantee of press freedom. 
In his decision. Taylor agreed with the Texas a tto rn e y g e n e r a l that televising an execution might be “ an offense to human dignity ... distasteful 
... or shocking.” 
But he ruled the final decision rested with TV news d ir e c to r s , not the government. 
Gary Gilmore’s execution by firing squad iii Utah last m onth ended a 
19-year moratorium on the death pen­ alty. Currently there are 358 inmates 
(»n death rows iii 29 states, but only the capital punishm ent laws of T ex as, 
F lo rid a and G eorgia have been specifically ruled acceptable by the 
I S Supreme Court, 
I ii F lo rid a, two s ta tio n s h av e requested perm ission to attend any scheduled executions, but neither has asked to bring cameras. 
In Atlanta, executives ut all three network affiliates said they were fairly confident they would not film any 
Georgia executions 
” 1 think it is a question of taste.” said Don S m ith, e x e cu tiv e new s producer of WAGA-TV. “ I'm confident it would Im* nauseating.” 

Luke Week proclaimed bv council 

By LIZ SW EET 
Councilmen Bob Billa and Richard 
Teniente Saturday presented a procla­ mation from Hu* City of San Antonio to 
Eli lac m e m b e rs d e c la rin g M onday through Saturday Dulac Week. 
At ceremonies in the Monger Hotel’s 
Cavalier Room, Teniente said there are no greater people in the com m uni­ ty than those who represent Lulac. 
Agreeing, Billa said he knows of no organization that has a nobler purpose than Lulac. 
M em bers of the League of United 
Latin American Citizens work for the betterment of the com munity with a spirit of patriotism, he said. 
“ Lulac m em bers have their hands out to help people concerned with the good of the country.” Billa said. 
Events 
The week-long events will celebrate the 48th year of Lulac's work to pro­ mote the A m erican way of life and place em phasis on citizenship, free­ dom and peace, tbt* councilman said. 
Accepting the proclam ation. Nick 
Bena. Lulac district director, said he hoped and prayed th** m em bers would bvt* up to Hie words in the document. 
As part of Dulac Week. Council No. 
948 will honor Dr. Jose San Martin, 
Red M cC om bs and Jo h n S teen iii ceremonies at 5 p.m. Wednesday in Mi 
Tierra Restaurant. 
Boh M ontalvo, C ouncil No. 64H chairman, said the three civie leaders will Im* cited for outstanding contribu­ tions to Dulac and the community. 
The three always have been espe­ cially helpful in Dulac’s efforts to raise money, he said. o ther Dulac Week activities will in­ clude a U.S. Civil Rictus Commission press conference at lo a.m. W ednesday iii the Downtown Holiday Inn and a 
Dulac reception at 7 p.in, Friday in the 
Si Anthony Hotel’s Cavalier Room. 
British get rain 

LONDON 
(AB) 
— 
Housewives in L landud­ no. North Wales, are get­ ting their milk by life raft, roads across Britain look like lakes — and the forecast tills w eekend was more showers. 
The deluge is iii sharp co n tra st witii the long drought (hat almost par­ alyzed this natio n last year, shrivelling crops, em ptying reservoirs, re­ ducing the River Tham es to a trickle aud sending 
Britons to fire hydrants for rationed waler. 

■RRR 
Lawns Beauty 
NURSERY m 
INC 

8 6 5 o l a n d t r a R o a d 
St. AwgwtHne (Corp**) 
A 
. 
GRASS . .FULL P A LLI! 
83 I* y*. 
LISS THAN A FULL P A LLI!................. t . . 9 7 4 
VE 
PLOOATAJA mu smut 
I *39 N. f4 

U M 
T H A M A N I U S A U R I 
.................. 
I 
. 6 6 f d 
M V I O A K T U B IS 
I tr+U SM*.................................................... H I S m E i r 

TREES 
PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come Vwt Our Complete 6 
Acre 
Garden 
Center with everyday 
TA UM TO T O U ” 
PRICIS And SA Vt ll 
PRODUCTS 

O R IN D u d / 8>7 R FA 
6 8 4 - 2 1 1 o 

4 
« 
I 
I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
H 
 abuse began--------- 
PAUL S t 
THOMPSON 

 lo grasp the full rich flavor and salient facts of our roaring fire-police sick pay hassle head­ ed for a showdown in Austin 
Tuesday, let's go back to the roots. 

It s a sad story reflecting badly on certain individuals who should have known better, but home and business owners paying the freight for everything have a right to know. 
Okay: Ready: Roll ’em! 
In the old B P L (before Frank Lombardino) days, each city fire laddy and policeman got 15 - days, or three full work weeks, sick leave per year. 
That meant he could stay off duty recover­ ing from illness or injury for three weeks in any given year without being docked. 

I hus if a guy was on either force for, say. 2o 

 years, lie would have put together 2oo days of 
"accrued sick leave," less whatever days he was actually out sick. 

This accrued sick leave was insurance 

How 

 against some kind of long drawn-out malady in later stages of his career, and that's all it was. It was not cash pay he had coming in case he wasn’t sick. 

However, he could draw upon retirement a lump sum in accrued sick leave up to a top of 
9o days — a going-avvay payment of 18 full weeks salary. 
While this was a neat fringe benefit for po­ lice and firemen unavailable to other city employes, who receive no accrued sick pay at all, it wasn't good enough for some members of the police and fire departments. 

So here’s what happened in the early ’7os 

 during the administration of Mayor John Gat- ti: 

A ranking police officer with nearly 3(5 years service decided to “ ride out" his accrued sick leave of some 4oo days. 
Ile procured a doctor’s certificate stating he was ‘ill.” that is, and presented it to police higherups about a month before he was due to retire. 
Then lie went home, stayed home, enjoyed life, took hunting and fishing trips even, while remaining on the city police payroll with full pay and benefits. 
And he never did go back down to the sta- 

 sick pay 

 tionhouse to formally retire until his 4oo-plus days (O’ accrued sick leave had dwindled down to the 9o days for which he could be paid. 
Of course, while this high-minded old har­ ness bull and paladin of The Law was doing his 
"riding out," he accumulated still another 15 days ut sick leave and a like amount of paid vacation time. 

And he got away with it. 

And soon, other ranking police officers capped their law enforcement careers by picking up on the same shoddy ploy which was nothing more or less than a cold, calcu­ lated ripoff of the taxpayers. 

Some few city smokeeaters tried the same 
"riding out" scam in those years but Fire 
Chief I. O. Martinez proved a tougher admin­ istrator and kept it down to a minimum. 
So far, so good — or bad. The official posi­ tion at City Hall was one of laxity, of gross misfeasance, of unwillingness to go to the mat with these badged finaglers. 

It was into this breach that State Sen. Frank 

Lombardino stepped in 1975 with his unlimited fire-police sick pay bill which provided, still provides: 

—Everybody in both departments lias tbs 15 days sick leave per year instantly converted into cash money, collectible on retirement in a lump sum, less only such days as lie was out sick. 
— The going-avvay handout w ill be at current pay levels, meaning sick leave accrued 2(1 or 3o years back will be paid off at three, four, five or more times its value then. 
In brief, a cash bonus of three extra weeks pay a year to each of 2,2oo fire and policemen for not getting sick. 
The city simply can’t ladle out all those additional millions without hiking its tax rate significantly. 
Moreover, the city liability shoots up every year 
The real losers are police and firemen in­ jured in line of duty or who come down with a chronic illness. They’re SOAKED. 

Many rank and file members of both de­ partments, particularly the younger men, see that, deplore that, fear long range effects of 
Lombardi no's hill on fire-police civil service, and voted against the bill in recent unofficial polls. 

As for Lombardino and Jack Paul Leon, an attorney paid bv SA P!) SA FI) associations, they go right on telling the public and expect­ 

 ing the public to believe that Lomhardino's bill actually saves the city money. 
To believe that would require acceptance of two premises, both false: (I) That every po- lice-firo retiree was "riding out” s ic k leave; 
(2) That the practice of "riding out” can't be stopped. 

From 1971 to 1975, just before Friendly 
Frank’s bill went through, 754 accrued sick leave days in the police department and 3,557 accrued sick leave days in the fire department were "left on tin' table.” another way of saying the men who piled them up retired without collecting on them 

 thief Martinez, in fact, says malingering at 

 the expense of taxpayers was really not a problem in the fire department. 

And if the legal brains operating iii Texas haven’t yet come up with a means of stopping this arrant abuse, they most certain­ ly can and will, IF ASKED. 
Otherwise the flimflammers take over and we’ve all had it 
All in all. it is a courtesy to Lombardino and attorney Leon that the newspaper or TV re­ porter hearing them tell how Lomhardino's bill "saves San Antonio money" d o e sn t bust out laughing right iii their faces. 
Gonzalez says panel isn’t in existence yet 

By SA R A M A R T IN EZ 
U.S. Rep. Henry IL Gonzalez 
Saturday said “ there is really no" Select Committee on Assas­ sinations. 
"There is only a House-passed reso­ lution establishing a com m ittee.’’ 
Gonzalez said. "There won’t be one until there is organization." 
Gonzalez has called for a re-organi­ zational meeting of the commit- 

 r e s i g n : s h o u l d 
I 
(woitzu h>z told reporters 

 tee under the new Congress for 9 a.in 
Wednesday. 
The committee was established last year by the House. 
"W e will adopt rules to govern the 
Hardberger eyeing race 

Gangway 

There are several ways to move a hog from one pen to another, and Dwayne Wilkins of Pleasanton found one of the wrong ways at the San Antonio Stock Show and Rodeo. Wilkins soon cornered his 
Berkshire, however, and everybody was happy — except for the hog. —Staff Photo by Steve Campbell 
Somebody will do time this 

Police Saturday continued the 
Aestivation of the theft of a 
I,(KHI grandfather clock Incur- ate Word College officials fe­ inted stolen. 

The cluck was reportedly taken from ie third fluor of a campus building lortlv before ti p.m. Friday, officers 

 said. 

Sister Louise Delist of Incarnate 
Word College told officers she saw a man standing iii a third floor hallway iii one of the school's buildings about 
5:3o p.m. 

The man was reportedly seen load­ ing the clock iii a car trunk, police said. 

By K E M P E R D IE H L 
A Texas Democratic leader confirmed longstanding reports 
Saturday that he was seriously considering a challenge to State 
Sen. Frank Lombardino in the 
1978 primary. 
Phillip Hardberger said that he feels 
Lombardino is “ vulnerable” and pro­ mised: 
"I ll definitely have my mind made up by summer.’’ 
Hardberger has been considered a possible candidate for some time. He indicated Saturday that support for such a race is being to build up behind him. 
"If I weren’t getting a lot of encour­ agement, I wouldn't be considering it." he reported, adding: 
" I feel this is a time that is ripe not only for Lomhardino’s demise, but for me as well." 
Service 
Hardberger. who grew up iii the small West Texas town of O'Donnell, established an outstanding record of government serv ice in Washington be­ fore returning to Texas to practice law. 
After graduating from Baylor, where he was editor of "T h e L a ria t." he worked for the Texas Baptist (’burel) for a time aud then obtained a masters degree in journalism from Columbia 
University. 
He was an early staffer of the Peace 
Corps and became its director of in­ formation. Later he was named exe­ cutive secretary of the Peace Corps. 
Following this he became special assistant to the director of the Office of 

H o h u m 

 life in The Big City isn t always exciting. Witness this unidentified dog doing whatever it is that lazy dogs 
•do on worm winter days in the shadows of San Antonio s skyscrapers. This dog was seen crossing Central 
♦Street on the East Side. O r standing in Central Street, O r something. — Staff Photo by H. M. Dean Jr. 

H a r d b e r g e r m ig h t lik e to b e a se n a to r 
Economic Opportunity under Sargent 
Shriver. 
In Washington he earned a law degree at Georgetown University and decided to prac tic e law in Odessa xx if ii well known attorney Warren Burnett. 
While there he became Democrat ie chairman of Ector County. 
New firm 
Ile came to San Antonio in 197u and launched a law firm that is now Hard­ berger, Brantori and Herrera. 
Last year he headed the Texas cam­ paign efforts of Shriver. 
Heiberger said his interests in a 
Senate race would Im? similar to those of Ins law practice where he has been active in environmental, workmen’s compensation and consumer cases. 
I in anti ‘big,’ " said Hardberger. 
I don't like big government or lug business in terms of what they do to an individual. It s a natural by-product of our society that things get bigger. But the individual gets ground up." 

He said of the possible race that "I don’t approach this as a pushover." 
Last week State Hep. Bob Vale, the county s senior state legislator, an­ nounced he was a serious possibility . 

Sunday ideas 

'In d o o r!, 
„ outdoors, all around the R iv e r C ity 

OUN VMO* - Aiome Arni C MMC'O'! A-. 
Vinier Gun V>o* (rom # a rn unlit i p rn ut * 
AwAtC'put A u r o r iu m autom en' 
A d m tuion «t oi uttuiH o>-ti VU cen'* lot <neaten «»■■(#* I i 
I lf AVK L O G U E - 
Son Antonio 1*O vfluaa 
Cvpttftt Sane'o a rv f 
C H W af I o n me Alam o M e t* "'* n m " Sn soot Auitito'iw liditiittion >t %i 
CONCERT - i n * Vftvontf AfkaMef t . n y n t M u , 
St-net concert al J o rn of Rte U n n e rtity at I t , 
■frtii'n Silen ce Center Aud lia riwm Adm ixtion 

Tm K A T K R — 
Cnu.cn theater t 
An intoe< 
Cont ut I a >n al the theater. M W % Atom# 
Admixtion it M 
IM C A T E R - 
Meto.ir am u then**. > 
O a t 
.Mullet ut A IS a in 
AamitttOn it t i tor Util 

 committee and the stall." Gonzalez said. "W e will also answer the ques­ tion of personnel." 
Gonzalez, who was named chairman of the committee Feb. 3 by the full 
House, fired Richard Sprague, the committee’s chief counsel. Thursday 
Blockade 
With help from District of Columbia 
Delegate W alter Fauntroy, a com­ mittee member. Sprague obtained signatures from all other ll members blocking the action by Gonzalez. 
But some of the members said they signed the letter because they felt the lull committee should make the de­ cision about firing Sprague. 
" I met with the committee two days iii a row and I attempted to give them the facts." Gonzalez said. 
“ They were either not conscious or concerned about the limitations the 
House had imposed on us. They had a 
‘Well, we'd belter wail’ attitude. 
"In the meantime. Mr. Sprague committed, in expenditures and iii un­ authorized endeavors, not only the committee, but the House also. 
Sanction 
"Is the committee iii a position to sanction Mr. Sprague’s lack of com­ pliance with House rules and his com­ mittment of public funds over and beyond Ins ability lo do so? 
"I cannot condone the failure to ac­ count for public funds and tin* willful disregard of House rules by this man" 
Gonzalez said 
The congressman said Sprague has refused to separate himself from his private law practice in Philadelphia. 
"House Rule ll is simple,” Gonzalez said, " ll says ‘You don’t have snit* interests.’ ’’ 
"Under House Rule 44, every pro­ fessional staff member bas to file a financial report and Mr. Sprague has refused to do that. 
Accountability 
"It all boils down to the tact that we either have accountability or we don’t. 
" I asked him to prov ide me with a list of all members of tlu* staff and their background and he bas refused to do so. 

R ep. H e n ry B. G o n z a le z ta lk s w ith re p o rte rs 
"Tilt* chief counsel has to follow the leadership and direction of the ( hair man. II not, bt* can’t allow mc lo lune turn 
"I can't explain Ins motives. Ile (old 
Ins staff lie doesn't have to economize and that bt* has been told, I don t know by whom. he will Im* allowed to nm limit* with 73 members un lits stall," 
Gonzalez said 
Gonzalez said Sprague used bis staff callously and cruelly 
"Ile deceived them b y telling them they will still Im* there after March I " 
When asked if be would resign .is chairman of the committee if the firing did not stand, Gonzalez lashed out 
"\\ hy should I resign?" 
"It would In* a strange reversal of what a public officer ought to do 
“If Mr. Sprague* could Im* unilateral ly hired by the former chairman, then it is all right for this chairman to fire lulu unilaterally," (ion/ale/ said 
E xplosion cuts o ff 
San M arcos’ gas 

 iPtC IA l IO IMI I KRRtSS N tW S 
SAN MARCOS — A majority of resi­ dents here remained without natural gas Saturday after a fire destroyed a gas company regulator station 

Police said a ear struck the Flit ex, 
Inc. regulator station outside of town about ll p.m. Friday, touching off an explosion and fire winch completely destroyed the station. 

The driver of tile car escaped with second-degree burns to the body 
A spokesman for Fntex, winch supplies San Marcos with natural gas. 

 said Hie gas system has been restored and workmen are iii the process of getting service started at individual homes and businesses 
The blast cut oil service lo about 
4 (MMI customers here, the spokesman said. Only a small portion of the city was not affected, he added 
Kntcx crews worked through the night to restore the gas service, the s|MikcKinan said 
More than 5(1 extra workmen were brought rn from South 
Texas to help 
"It s slow work, lull we should have service to all customers restored by late Saturday." the spokesman said 

XMANOMAI 

Pick P a p p o y u llo * s n a p p y 

 crKpodnltei l f A b lo o m in g w ith 

 b e t h ity le to t s p a n g ! In a m b e t , 

 w h it* a n d b la c k k id , q u o e x c iu ta v a iy , 
32 OO 
I THE HARRIS SHOP FOR PAPPAGALLO 
* 671 O N . N EW BRAUNFELS 
828 2281 
' tw iA A m o r S o f d BMI M b Mb f 
& ds i f 

% 

% 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

Save 5o.oo on Lloyd's deluxe stereo system with player/recorder 
19995 

Your monthly payment is 11.oo on loske's Major Purchase Budget Plan* 

Reg. 249.95. Stereo system features AM-FM receiver with lighted dial scale, dial pointer, stereo indicator in lighted tuning meter. 
Receiver also has rotary controls for tuning, volume, balance, bass and treble, power toggle switch, pushbutton function selection, 2/4 speaker switching for 4-channel effects and low and high filters for rich, clear sound. 8-track tape player/recorder has pushbutton controls, lighted program and record indicators and automatic level control. BSR record changer features anti-skate device, cue and puase control, diamond stylus and dust cover. 8" duocone speakers have 23" foam front enclosures. Includes stereo head­ phones and two microphones. Model R-891. Stereos, all stores. 

OPEN 
ONE 
MONDAY! 

Do you enjoy the convenience of a Joske's Charge Account? 
Open one by February 26 and be eligible to win prizes totaling 
$15oo. Ask for details at any 
Joske's store. 

 ca 

Under-the-dash 8-track stereo with the all new FM Supertuner 

You get superb 8-track plus the new Supertuner with automatic mono-stereo switching combined with a noise-cut filter, "distance" switch to in­ crease reception of distant stations and elininate FM inter-station noise. On 8-track you get automatic program change, manual pro­ gram change, light-up program indicator, manual eiect, repeat and fast forward. Model 
TP-9oo also has loudness contour switch to custom-tailor your music to your car's acoustics. 

95 
149 
Your monthly payment is 8.oo on Joske's Major 
Purchase Budget Plan* 

W 
- ' 
- , r~ 

NEW! PIONEER 
CAR STEREOS! 

Stereos, Downtown, North Star and Windsor Park 

Compact in-dash cassette car stereo with AM and FM stereo 

A great looking unit with big sound capabilities! 
Easy to mount, this low-noise unit offers stable performance oven under rugged conditions. 
Has rewind speed 18 times faster than normal tape running speed, auto or manual eject, last forward and slip-in-and-play design. Special local/distant switch assures excellent AM and 
FM stereo reception. All controls are contoured to your touch so you can keep your eyes on the road when driving. Model KP-4ooo 

95 
149 

Your monthly payment is 8.oo on Joske's Major 
Purchase Budget Plan* 

In-dash 8-track stereo with 
Supertuner and preset tuning 

The fabulous Supertuner lets you be twice as far from the FM station and still get clear, stable recepiton. Also has pushbutton preset tuning of up to 3 FM stations and 2 AM stations. Model 
TP-7oo5 also has separate bass and treble con­ trols. Fits so easily into the dash you may even want to install it yourself. 
179 
95 

Your monthly payment is 1o.oo on Joske's Major 
Purchase Budget Plan* 

'The monthly payment shown is available under our major purchase budget plan only. 
Each monthly payment includes sales tax and FINANCE CHARGE. A FINANCE 
CHARGE will be imposed for any current billing period in which there is a balance owing from any prior billing period (the Previous Balance), unless payments or other credits received prior to the end of such current billing period equal or exceed the 
Previous Balance. Tho FINANCE CHARGE will be a minimum of 5o* imposed on 
Previous Balances up to $35 OO. On the Previous Balances rn excess of $35.oo, the 
FINANCE CHARGE will be computed at a Periodic Rate of 114% on the first $5oo oo of the Previous Balance and 1% on the amount over $5oo oo, which are the equivalent of 
ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATES of 18% and 12% respectively 
JOSKE’S e e A UNIT Of ALU CD STOMS 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Program Indicators 

Auto Ston fa s t forward 

Program Selector 
Pausu 

T u n in g M eter ugm«d Pointe- 

Tun ng o<al 

Hf icptvna 
Jack 

 ft Track Player 

Mrcropnone Jacks f unction Seater or 

Volume 
T'etke 

T u n ,n g 

Control 

Dist. 6 hopefuls present issues 

By ALAN BAILEY 

D rain ag e and the proposed gas settlement were the two big issues discussed Satu rd ay by candidates for the City 
Council’s District 6. 
The district includes the heart of the West Side plus the Kelly and Lack­ land AFBs area. 
The gathering of seven candidates at Gus Garcia 
Middle School, 33o6 Ruiz 
S t., w as sponsored by 
Concerned Citizens for 
City Council D istrict 6 and the Edgewood School 
District. 
P a b lo E s c a m illa , a trustee of the school dis­ tr ic t, introduced each can d id ate and allowed each five minutes to give a campaign pitch, plus field ing two questions from the some 5o citi­ zens. 
Four file 
Four of the seven can­ didates have fo rm ally filed while three candi­ dates have announced hut are aw aiting the filing. 
Candidates who have filed and were present included Hay Brow n. 
Jesse R. Diaz, Ja m es J. 
Kelly and Rudv C. Ortiz. 
Councilman Al Rohde, 
David L. Alvardo and 
Robert Lozano have not yet filed, but have a n ­ nounced their intentions to seek the D is trict 6 post. 
Two candidates. Jo se 
Esto la and Bob Thomp­ son. have filed but were not present. 
After giving IO reasons why he opposed the gas settlement, Ortiz showed a list of 16 issues and problems in District 6. 
The issues ranged from a proposed City Hall annex in District 6 to property improvements to an in­ dustrial park. 

Drainage 
Kay Brown said the main problem in the dis­ trict was drainage, and as a m em ber of the council she would work for better drainage. 
Rohde, who was elect­ ed at-large under the old council system, attacked the proposed gas settle­ ment. 
Gas 
“ I have never supported the gas settlem en t. It stinks so bad for San An­ tonio in its present form that I want to wear a gas mask every time I look at it or hear about it. For the best interest of the people of San Antonio, the gas settlement should be sent to the g a s chamber along with Os­ car Wyatt & Co.,” Rohde declared 
He re fe rre d to the proposed out-of-court settlement of the city ’s 
$4H7 million damage suit ag a in st C oastal S ta te s 
Gas Corp. and its board chairman, Wyatt. 
Kelly, a black, empha­ sized the need for unity among the various races of the district and to elect the best person reg ard ­ less of color. 
Stepchild 
Diaz said District 6 has been the stepchild of San 
Antonio and “ no one re­ m em bers us until e le c ­ tion (la y .” 
Diaz also cam e (tut ag ainst the move of Kelly Field Na­ tional 
B ank to 
Leon 
Valley. 
A lvardo, a fo rm e r member of the Edgewood school hoard, urged g re a te r cooperation between the various go­ vernments. 
The group allowed 
John Monfrey. a can d i­ date for mayor, to speak even though candidates for mayor had not been muted. 
M onfrey said he was glad to see a meeting of d istrict ca n d id ates b e ­ cau se he favored the election by d is tr ic ts 
Election by districts, he said, makes candidates responsive to the district and not special interest 
| groups. 
2 begin lake hike 

ERIE, Pa. (AP) — Bob 
Bliss and Brian Kinal, ignoring warnings from the Coast Guard about thin ice, began a hike across frozen Lake Erie 
Saturday, 

Joined to one another by a rope and to shore by a citizens band radio, the 
; two men kissed their women goodby and set out al dawn for Long 
Point, O n !., 24 m iles away 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— -Sun. Feb. 13 1 9 7 7 
H ress caught 

 in energy dilemma 

I C S A N G U t S T IM E S SER V ICE 
WASHINGTON - Tho United States can't ha\e cheap fuel, a clean envir­ onment and protection from foreign petroleum imports all at the same time, according to the Congressional 
Budget Office. 
The goals are desirable, hut directly contradictory, and Congress faces tin' hard task of choosing among them, the office said Saturday in a study of energy policy alternatives. 
‘ The low-priced abundant supply of energy is no longer available, nor is it 

 ever likely to he again.” said Alice 
Hiving director of the agency. "The problem is more fundamental than the temporary cold weather.” 
A nonpartisan adviser of Congress, the budget office provides the law­ makers with background papers and studies, but never submits recommen­ dations. 

Thus its KJ page survey of energy policy pointed to the various dilemmas facing the current congress, which must decide on auto emission sta n­ dards. oil and gas price controls. 

 subsidies for synthetic fuels and allo­ cation of research funds among nu­ clear power, solar energy and conser­ vation programs. 

In sorting out these problem s tin* 
CUO study said. Congress will face irreconcilable conflicts. 
The CUO calculated the impact of five different packages emphasizing environm ental protection, stre s sin g reduction of imports, keeping costs to consumers as low as possible, relying on the fret' market with no price con­ trols, and continuing current policies. 
Who has the next move? 

Y O U N G and old compete S aturday in Ft. Sam Houston’s second annual U.S. Chess F ederation Rated Chess Tournam ent. W . 
Poundstone Jackson, le ft, matches wits w ith Stephanie Mikkelson during a chess match. — S ta ff Photo by Joe Barrera Jr. 
Threats make 
Frisco’s City 
Hall a fortress 

N E W V O R K T IM E S SE R V IC E 
SAN FRANCISCO — A series of bombings and threats by one of the Bay area's more enigmatic terrorist groups has succeeded in grabbing public- attention and frightening private and public leaders to the extent that City Hall is armed like a fortress and top city officials have 24-hour police protection. 
No one iii this a r e a has yet been killed or seriously injured in the more t h a n 41) b o m b i n g s and a t t e m p t e d bombings over the last two and a half years that the New World Liberation 
Front has said it was responsible for. 
But that m ay be m o r e luck than planning, more fate than policy, be­ cause m any of the explosions w ere powerful enough to m aim or kill. 
A s p o k e s m a n for M ayor G eo rg e 
Moscone called the City Hall security m easures unfortunate but necessary and added that the mayor "does not view them as permanent, only neces­ sary until we catch them or they move away." 
Metal detectors 
The tightening of access to City Hall 
— there are metal detectors at the en­ trances and the corridors are patrolled by teams of policemen — indicates the seriousness with which local, state and federal officials have come to take the terrorist bomb threats. 
Policemen were assigned to guard the ll m e m b e r s of th e B o a rd of 
Superv iso rs a fte r a b o m b m is fire d outside the home of Supervisor Dianne 
Feinstein on Dec. 14. 
The mayor, district attorney and Ci­ ty Hall were added to the protection list late last month after the bombing of District Attorney Joseph F re ita s 
.Jr.'s car in front of Ins home, death threats were m a de against five city officials and an assistant United States attorney, and after shots were fired into the real estate office of Supervisor 
John Barbagelata 
All these attacks came within days of the indictment and arrest of Jacques 
Rogiers. a self-styled courier for the underground terrorists who belongs to an alleged nonviolent above-ground unit of th e New W orld L ib e ra tio n 
Front. 
Reluctant 
Law enforcement officials are reluc­ tant to discuss publicly how much they know about the New World Liberation 
Front, although they hint, as one city official said. " W e know a lot m ore about the terrorists than they think we know." 
"The problem of telling the public where we are at in an investigation is that we are also telling the terrorists." said Jam es L. Browning Jr., the I lilt­ ed States attorney for Northern Cali­ fornia who successfully prosec uted 
Patricia Hearse 
Although some leftist groups believe that the New World g ro u p m ay be c o m p o se d of r ig h t-w i n g " p r o v o c a ­ teurs." most law enforcement officials aud inform ed citizens a s s u m e that they are inheritors of the left-wing 
FAA probing chopper deals 

N E W V O R K T IM E !, SER V ICE 

The m etal detectors at the entrances to City Hall and the p o li c e m e n p a t r o l l i n g the corridors indicate the seriousness i i i t l l which o f fi­ ca Is hare com e to tube the terrorist homh threats. 

 terrorist practices that have existed in this area since tin' mid-19Hos. 
The most famous of these groups was the one that called itself the Sym- bionese Liberation Army, which kid­ napped Miss Hearst three years ago. 
But there have been m any others, including the Heil Guerrilla Family, the Black Guerrilla F am ily and Hie 
Emiliano Zapata Unit, that have taken credit for the hundreds of bombings in tilt* area in the 197os. 
It is generally believed that the New 
World Liberation F ront, which has used more than nine unit names since its first claim of a bombing attempt in 
August 1974. congealed around Emily and W illia m H a r r i s and P a t r i c i a 
Hearst after tin* SLA was all but des­ troyed d u r i n g th e shootout in Los 
Angeles a few months (‘arber. 
A tape recordin g m a de by H arris after the shootout said the group was taking up Hu* outfit's banner. 
Radicals who have provided as sis­ tance to earlier groups were drawn to more decisive action by the Harrises, according to this analysis, and even­ tually beg a n using b o m b i n g s as a means to denounce American involve­ ment in Chile and tin* role of large 
American corporations both at home and abroad. 
Only one unit 
Most officials believe there is only one underground unit in the NU LF and the name changes are meant to imply a larger, m o n diverse organization than really exists. 
Browning said that the whole organ­ ization probably " h a s less than IOO hard core m em b ers" and others, who would not be quoted directly, put the number to less than 5o. "closer bi 25” . 
Everyone interviewed m a in ta in ed that an effective group actually need have only two or three m em bers, in­ telligent and dedicated, to create the current atmosphere of fear in which the New World units claim credit for half the bombing attempts i i i northern 
California 
The focus on slums and health de­ m a n d s has o c c u r r e d , a c c o r d i n g to radicals observing the N U L F from outside. Iiecause of tin* terrorists need to build a more popular base among the poor and radicals. 
Tin* foe uh on city officials has oc­ curred, these same* radicals suggest, because* they appear to be easier to terrorize and possibly influence than faceless certiorate energies. 

WASHINGTON — A Federal Avia­ tion Administration spokesman says the agency is conducting a continuing investigation into allegations that sub­ standard helicopter parts were being sold for m ilitary fleets of foreign countries. 
" W e’ve had an investigation going on for several weeks and it is still continuing.** the spokesman said 
According to allegations m ade in published reports, helicopter parts made by U S, companies that did not have access to necessary technical specifications were given invalid air­ worthiness certifications issued by 
F . W I i c e n s e d r e p a i r facilities not authorized to inspect the parts 
Korean lawmaker accuse d o f bribe 

NEW VORK TIMES service 
SEOUL — South Korean authorities said Saturday a m e m ber of the Na­ tional Assembly has been arrested on suspicion of having accepted about 
IPN).( M N ) from a local importer i i i re­ turn for promises lo press the govern­ ment to g rant the b u s in e s s m a n a monojMily in the import of fertilizer 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

Rutetotod rock Soto-dor S uffer o«d lobo, Dor Tho«k»tf>»«<q 
Dor, ood ox M r 4, C V n n w i Dor. N«w v»<m » Dor. *’*'♦" 
Mer wco* Monsey itoough T«doy Abo puW-Mwd o« a Mob dor 
M y 4. CN.Hmoi Dor. N*>« V.oi t Dor 
OK a 

 p r e c e d in g S u n d a y 

B y T K * E * p r e » * - N e w i C o r p o r a t o r * 
RO Ro* 21 ZI 
So" A-ooo-o, I t t a i T 9 2 9 T 

Sac and C M , Pottage Rend at 
San M o n o . T oot b jn tc d e <o«o o tc d o de Id a dote el 29 de t w o 

 l f 2 2 , e« to Adm in,tw ocw n de C o o e e * e« N u*»o Iw e d o . 

T a m p s , 

 tm- tommmitttimm iltouid bt to Sa* Ar 
Of Sow 
A n to n io N o w s 
T tos n e w tp a p * * rnM 

^ m ty H m n p H a t p h o t o m a p * * °<H s a in wo* bm 

 pub** 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RATES 

EV 4 * 
E2« M 
ES4 T i 
14 
EEO) 
E« 4 1 
EE 21 

EEE RO %*t 
U A M 
EEO 
EEE OE 
E4« ti* IS EEO 

Mc 
'“J* 

 e g R i 

OTHER STATES 
, 
EE El 
111 to E *t I* 
EE 2o 
U T 4 1 
EEI I E 
EE i i 
IEO IS 
E EI Rf 
E4 ?9 
1 2 * SO 
Est 4} 
>u**to7Otoy 
EE 41 
E t* «E 
EEE T i 

 i k i t o i f d i e e i P e l t 'd e S M M w e n e * 
' t o to * I 

H o r n d*l>«wr wtoMtoy latot rn Ro" A"*wo M on* 
SoMor, EE 4o PW eowto to*I * toe*.**** wd*. 
I I TO po* ■*>"**» I MW MW* MMS S, im dp * wdy — 4 Sunday - 
E l CT pw month ioctode* to* 
I Sunday 
- 1 1 $4 pw Mead. 

 ic-ctopto* MMS 
CO*****, e t IO N ( A f t tow - 
(.» •> " < 
S p to d o , a-4 

Eu'idei 
| 4 EE po* w e * * 

Choose new twill or denim sports coordinates from the Separate Lees™ collection by H.D. Lee 

The "separates suit" . . . it's a great look that can take you almost anywhere, almost any time! Trim and hand­ some, yet with a casual ease that makes you feel good all over. And you can have it in crisp polyester-cotton twill in khaki color, featured, or in Lee-SetHJ indigo blue cotton denim that starts softer, stays smoother and won't shrink out of fit. The multi-pocketed soft-shoulder St. Thomas jacket with wide notch lapels, in sizes 36-44 regular or 38-44 long, soybo. Matching vest in sizes 36-44, 2o.oo. Flare leg pants have J-pocket front and functional belt loops, sizes 29-38 waist, 22.oo. And because the jacket, vest and pants can be mixed with other pieces already in your closet, you get plenty of fashion options with just these three pieces! Select yours in the 442 I.D. Shop, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin Highland Mall, then use your Joske's charge card! 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Stars 

Ruugbhoui«ts'M leans from our 

Touyh Jeans Territory 

Q 
. E L A N E S E A 
IELANESE ■ "O R T R E L 
M ♦ ** ^MININO > «•» 

16% lo 2o% off 
Knit Sweatshirts 

 long or short sleeve styles 
319 519 
Regular S 3 .9 9 lo $6.4-9 

Buyk'. 3-6x, reg. $3.99 .......................... . 
Boy*’ 8-16, reg. $4.19 ....... ............................. 
Boy*' 8*16, reg. $4.99 ..................................... 
Student*'* reg. $5,49 
..................... 
Student*', reg. $5.99 
........ ................................ 

G irl*’ h o o d e d s w e a ts h ir t , bizes 7*14, reg. $ 6 .4 9 .,........................................ 
QrU’ sizes 7*14, reg. $4.49 
....... 

 lo r !* ’ bizes 7-14, reg. $4.99 
...................... 

2o% off! Roughhousers™ jeans 

Roughhouses" jeans-one of our hardest wearing jeans from “Tough Jeans Territory”. Because they’re made of durable Celanese^ Fortrel polyester and cotton Perma- 
Prest^ denim and that means long lasting wear. 

Little kids*’ sizes 3-6x, reg., slim. reg. $5.49 ....................................... 4 .3 9 
Girl*' print overalls, sizes 3-6x, reg. $5.99...................................... 4.79 
Boys' jeans, sizes 8-16, reg., slim, reg. $6.49 ...... 
5 .1 9 
“ HUSKY PLUS" jeans, waist sizes 28-32, reg. $7.49................. 5.99 
Students' jeans, waist sizes 25-32, reg. $7.99.................................... 6 .3 9 
G irls’ sizes 7-14, reg., slim, reg. $6.49 ........................................... 5.19 
Girls’ “ Pretty Plus", sizes 81*-16 Vie, reg. $7.49 ............................. 5 .9 9 

Knit shirts that go with jeans 

Top off the casual look with cotton and polyester crew neck shirts for boys, puff sleeve tops for girls’ sizes 7 to 
14 and double handed shirts for little girls’ sizes 3 to 6x. 

Boys’ short sleeve stripe knits, S.M.L. reg. $2.99 .... 

G i r l s ’ short sleeve shirts, S.M.L. reg. $2.49 ......... . 
Boys’ short sleeve bold stripes, 8-16, reg. $3.49 ...... 
Girls’ puff sleeve knit tops, 7-14, reg. $3.49-$3.99 .. 
Students’ short sleeve bold stripe shirts, 
SS.S.M.L. reg. $ 3 .9 9 ......................... 
3 .1 9 
CHARGE IT on Sears Revolving Charge 
Sears 
Where America shops 

Sale price* got»d iliru February I ‘Ilk 

 b t * OM, K H IM t M AM O I O 
Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Mack 

I In t* m u ** it P l.i/.i b lu rt* boirtiui! of Nit*.tm* 
Moil. anti I hor*. Mug!-*# 
VII o th er tla tt 

Villita! t Drive Nurt* ill Piea-Ullloil Uh,iii 
Vino lilt ti Sui. 

GROOS BANK 

2 .3 9 
....... 1.99 
....... 2 .7 9 
2 .7 9 to 3 .1 9 

I eiilr.il Pork blurt* un IN tiro ul I o h |i M O 
Viol!, (lit it b u l. 
U;,il MI 

C ontinued iru in P uhi* I V 

 com plished. for the (irons vt as a b an k ­ ing prize, the offspring of a noble and historically distinguished family 
The (irons fam ily, U.S. Rep. Henry 
(io n / a l e / once o b s e r v e d , m a d e its m ark i i i the city's econom ic, banking and social circles, and the (irons bank 
' has resisted Indian raids, survived panics and d ep re ssio n s... 

Stock sales 

At 3:3o p.m . on Ja n . ll. 1971. d irec­ tors took their scuts around the im ­ posing board table and heard the first unsettling news: A m ove was afoot to p u r c h a s e hank stock at higher than m ark et prices 
Subsequently, in a series of special 
I wa rd m eetings, it w as reported that four directors along with other sh a re ­ holders had d ispo sed of a sizeable b lo c k of bauk stock. 
T he buyer: Clinton Manges 
By the tim e the annual stockholders m e e tin g rolled aro u n d on J a n 
19. r e m a i n i n g d i r e c t o r s wert* to ta lly aw are, as the records reflect, of ‘ the a tte m p t by an o u ts id e in v e sto r to p u rc h a s e a s u b s ta n ti a l a m o u n t of b ro o s National B ank stock.” 
The fight was on 
R ecords show that within (lass "th e 
M anges people conveyed the feeling” that th e new m a jo rity s to c k h o ld e r w anted th re e new d ire c to rs on the 
Im»ard . including one Roy ( angili lek! 
(a u g h fte ld . then an officer at Hous­ to n ’s B an k of th e S o u th w e st, had helped a rra n g e the multi-m illion dol­ lar loan by which M anges financed Ins 
(irons takeover. 
Recessed 

I lie ( a u g h f te ld a p p o in tm e n t w as discussed at a I>oard meeting Feb. Hi, 
1971. but directo rs voted to recess "to obtain m ore inform ation . 
. anil to clear up the confusion 
( aughfteld did not win a board seat 
Director* also took no action on a w ritten request by M anges that the board not use bank funds to hire an attorney, a counselor or a public rela­ tions advisor to fight the takeover. 
Precisely one m onth later, records sh o w , a new law firm was hired "to investigate possibilities of a lawsuit against the Bauk of the Southwest, 
Houston, for d am ag e s resulting from the financing provided by the Bunk of 
Southwest to Clinton Manges. 
That fin a n c in g , a c c o rd in g to the records, "enabled Mr. M anges to ac ­ quire controlling stock ownership of th e (iro o s N a tio n a l B ank an d h as subsequently resulted iii the loss of a nu m b er of accounts 
, 
However, before any action was ta ­ ken, the I s C om ptroller of the C ur­ rency. W illiam B C am p, entered the picture. 
Largely because of efforts by I S 
Rep Gonzalez, ( amp wrote a letter on 
M arch 4 w hich M ang es m u st have 
Inurn! devastating. t amp touched on a 1963 indictm ent against M anges stem m ing from a loan lie obtained from tin* Sm all Business 
A d m i n i s t r a t i o n in 
1959. In I96J, 

M ang es p lead e d g u ilty to m a k in g 
"false statem en ts: and paid a S2.5UU fille 

As a "convicted felon.” C am p wrote 
Manges, “ You are hereby prohibited fro m f u r t h e r p a r tic ip a tio n in any m an n er in the conduct of affairs at 

( i n h i s National Bank ” 

I liable to vote his stock and exercise control over his bank. M anges ch al­ lenged C am p ’s order, but it was not until M arch 1973 that the YtIi C ircum 
Court of A ppeals ruled in M anges' favor 

 lt was that decision that trigg ere d the upheaval of M arch 26 

Although M anges moved swiltlv to replace directors and fill key positions. he was back i i i hot w ater with hanking authorities In-fore the s u m m e r ended 

Reasons 

It is with deep concern . . . " begut a letter from the co m p tro ller’s region al oil tee. It went on to sharply critiei/i th e a m o u n t of c r e d i t e x te n d e d it 
M anges and Ins associates. 

S u b s e q u e n tly , M a n g e s w as onct again barret! from active participation 

 i i i Groos affairs, and to this day can neither w rite checks intr borrow money at the bank. 

"O ne thing should Im* pointed out,” ii senior (b o o s officer said recently. "All those loans tit M anges anil his asse elates have been repaid. The bullit nevi r lost a cent 

Despite the continued maligiim ein til its principal shareho lder anti (lo u n fa v o ra b le p u b lic ity a ttr ib u te d ti him . this bauk is extrem ely solvent 

’ A lth o u g h we vc had so m e loaf losses we have the highest eapital-to d ep o sits ra tio o| any bank in bai 
Antonio and one of the highest til tin country. 

And 1 Hilton M anges, now SU, is bael til the courts, fighting still for cot tiro of his bauk 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Sears 
SALE! 
Roughhousers western jeans 

AND 

U 
C! 
I 
. 5. probe should ease 
Morales ire 

U.S. Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez 
Saturday said the Justice De­ partment’s probe into the shoot­ ing death of Richard Moraales by Castroville Marshal Frank 
Hayes should ease the minds of many Mexican-Americans. 

"T h e re would have been a constant festering feeling that th e re is no ju s ­ tice for M exican-A tnericans if the case hadn't been reop ened ,” Gonzalez said. 

N ew ly a p p o in t e d U S 
A tty . G en 
G rif fin B ell F r i d a y s a id a f e d e r a l grand jury would m a k e un inquiry into 

 the Sept. 14, 1975, death of 29-year-old 
Morales. 
"T h e re is no question that there w as a flagrant ab u se of a citizen’s rig h ts,” 
Gonzalez said. “ And it was w o rsened by th e c ir c u m s ta n c e s — a pub lic of* ficer was involved.” 
“ I m e t with Bell T h u rsd ay and he told m e the Civil Rights Division of th e attorney g e n e ra l’s office would study* the in d ic tm e n t of a m a n who killed 
M orales on a violation of civil rig h ts.” 
Gonzalez said. 
Hayes was convicted for aggravated' assault by a state d istrict co u rt jury; and received a 1o-year prison sentence in July 1976 iii connection with M orales death 
COUNCIL 

Continued from Page IA 

 o ff 
I ii that runoff Billa got 6,926 votes in w h a t is now D is tr ic t T h r e e and 
Montalvo won 2.9:51. Billa has filed for itll ice* in District T hree this Near. 
DISTRICT KOCH 
- No p r e s e n t council m e m b e rs live in this far South 
Side (listn et. 

DISTRICT F I V E 
— No p r e s e n t co u n cil m e m b e r s live in th is n e a r 
South Side district. 
DISTRICT SIX 
— I n c u m b e n t AI 
R ohde, who lived in th is s p r a w lin g sou th w estern d is tric t two y e a rs ago, won 1,892 votes in that a rea in 1975. He was closely followed by C arlos M ata, with 1.45o votes iii the a rea, and M urry 
Bolden, with 1,249 votes. 

I ii city wide re tu rn s Bidden m anaged to force Rohde into a runoff. The se ­ cond tim e aro un d R ohde c a rrie d the district by 3.764 to 2,2o5. 
Rohde has an no un ced plan s to run for re-election but has not yet filed. He reportedly has m oved to a n o th e r d is­ trict 
DISTRICT SEV EN 
— C ou ncilm an 
R ich ard T e n ie n te . who has filed for election in this West Side d istrict, e a r ­ n e d the a r e a by 4,883 to 2.6o6 o ver opponent Val Mora in 1975. 
Mora forced a runoff and m anag ed to jet 4.158 votes iii what is now the d is­ trict but T eniente g arn ered a total of 
7.5o8 iii the area. 
DISTRICT EIGHT 
- The battle iii ibis no rth w estern district p ro m ise s a clash between two incum bents 
Councilman Nielsen, who lives in the 

 district, has already filed for this race. 
A nother incum bent. Councilm an 1*1111 
Pyndus. also lives in this district and has an no un ced his inten tio n s to run again. Pyndus has not yet filed, how ­ ever. 
In his 1975 race Pyndus defeated all com ers within what a re now District 
Eight ballot boxes. He racked up 7,375 votes to a total of 4.6o2 won by all th ree of Ins opponents. 
In a runoff Pyndus faced Henry " T h e 
F o x ” Munoz. R etu rn s within the d is­ trict show P y n d u s got 9.9oo votes to 
Munoz' 3.234. 
In Nielsen s 1975 race, however, he c a m e in b e h in d M rs. O liv ia G arza, within what is now District Eight. Her votes totaled 6.8o6 in the district while 
Nielsen won only 5,362. 
'In a subsequent runoff Mrs. G arza drew 6,7o5 votes from d istrict boxes while Nielsen collected 5.754. 
D IST R IC T M N E 
- C o u n c ilm a n 
Glen H artm an carried his north c en ­ tral area in 1975. winning 4,249 votes in a field of nine candidates. Second place c a n d i d a t e G e o rg e C ra ig won 3,619 votes within what is now the district. 
In a runoff H artm an won 6.559 in the d is tr i c t w h ile C ra ig c a p tu re d 5.6o3 votes. 
DISTRICT TEN 
- No incum bent c o u n cilm en live in this no rtheastern district. 
C andidates in the 1975 races had lit­ tle reason to concentrate on their own neighborhoods because balloting was citywide. 
That is expected to change this year 

 shirts 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

Save 16% lo 28% 
BATH TOWELS 

Solid colors and jacquard weaves 

U.S. REP. Gonzalez delivers keynote speech at dedica tion facilities 
Hospital lauded at em ergency room dedication 

Hand towels 
R e g u la r $1.79-$1.89* 2 for S.T 
W ashcloths 
Regular 89'-99'* .... 2 for 1.5o 

Emergency facilities are so­ mething most Americans take for granted until they have need for them, U.S. Rep. Henry B. 
Gonzalez said Saturday. 
“ But they can be great aids,” Gon­ zalez said at the dedication of the new em ergency room facilities at Lutheran 
General Hospital at 7o1 S. Zarzamora st. 
“ Those who have contributed to this project have complied with the m a n ­ date of civilized man to do what he can for his brother.” Gonzalez said. 
“ We have many m ore doctors and facilities than we had just a few years ago.” Gonzalez said. “ But the need is great.” 
“ The average American is confront­ ed with the fact that he is being priced out of average medical c are.” 

Total cost of the project, which ad­ ded n e a rly 9,7oo s q u a re fee t, w as 
$o89,ooo. The completion of the project has upgraded the em ergency room ’s rating from class III to class II. 
Need recognized 
“ I think the completion of this pro­ ject indicates San Antonio recognizes the need for finest facilities where tile m a jo rity of c itiz e n s need t h e m , ’’ 
Mayor Lila Cockrell said. 
Project construction included tra u ­ ma room s, ex am in atio n room s, bed observation and holding areas, a cast room , e m e rg e n c y w a itin g ro o m , a n u rses’ station, ad m ittin g office, la­ boratory and radiology c a p ab ilitie s and a cardiac stress testing laboratory. 
The h o sp ital now p ro v id e s e m e r ­ gency coverage 24 hours a day, seven days a week. 

-gulnr prices i i i 
197H Catalog 

Charge ll on Sf»arh 
Revolving Charge 
N egotiators to go to Panama 

Prices Good thru 
Saturday, Feb. I9lh 

Catalog CLOSEOUT 
^ 49% to 74% Off 

The two c o u n trie s a lre a d y h av e ag reed on tra n s fe rrin g to P a n a m a jurisdiction over the Canal Zone within three years alter a new treaty goes into effect. This would give Panam a auth­ ority o v er all s e rv ic e s — su c h as education and the ad m in istratio n of justice — which are now controlled by the United States under the existing 
19o3 treaty. 
The chief rem aining differences in the negotiations center on duration of a new trea ty and on the q u e s tio n of lion-discriminatory access for all na­ tions to the canal once Panam a gains control. 
TIr* Ford administration reportedly was willing to grant Panam a control over the operation of the canal within 
2o years and defense rights within 4o years. 

Tailored 
Shirts 

 look so terrific, cost so little 

(W HILE QUANTITIES LAST) 

$ 4 .9 9 lo $ 9 .9 9 fa . iii 7 .V 7 ( ) Catalogs 

STYLES; 
• Tunic, Roll sleeve, Classic 

FABRICS: 
• 1oo% Polyester knit, Polyester and Cotton Blends 

SIZES: 
• Misses’ and W omen’s 
Not a1 sizes in all styles 

• HjmrlwFttr 

Price* Good thru % rd., Feb. 16th 

Uncommitted 

Bul treaty supporter* in the Senate have begun effort* to keep as m any senators as possible uncommitted until the negotiations are concluded. Ac­ cording lo congressional sources, there art* atmut 29 lo 25 hardcore treaty op­ ponent* and about 45 tr e a ty sup- porters, with the rem ainder undecid­ ed Sixtv-seven voles are needed for ratification 

O et slim , b e 
L o v e lie r Y ou 

Want to pare off IO pounds by 
Easter*.* 

Beauty colu m n ist Mary Sue 
Miller shows vou how iii her special five-part series starting in the 
Scene Section of Monday’s Express. 

 in a surprise move a lew day* ago. 
Panamanian foreign minister Aquilino 
Boyd resigned alter Panam anian head of government Omar Torrijo* decided that the P an am an ian n e g o tia to r* should work a* a team aud not be dominated by any single individual. 
Boyd was rep lace d by P a n a m a ’a am bassador lo W ashington, Nil-olds 
Gonzalez Rev Ida 

She ll share a no lad diet plan that works. And tell vou how to trim unwanted curves from hips and thigh s Just by playing parlor games. 

See A Lovelier Vou in Monda> s 
Express. And he A leveller \ ou pronto! 

S ca rs Where America shops 

M iln o r * ( I n t r s i , , , , a l C t. T o u l o n Mil. 
Mi h i , itll m Sal. 
Satisfaction (i mi run teed or Your M onty Huck 

I 

War prisoner conduct rules may be changed 

WASHINGTON (A P ) 
— Any future U.S. war p riso n e rs would be a l ­ lowed to give more infor­ mation than name. rank, service number and birth date if the Carter adm in­ istra tio n a c c e p ts a special Pentagon panel s recommendations. 
However, the proposed change in the M ilitary 
Code of Conduct would still leave in force a re q u ire m e n t th a t a captured American s e r ­ viceman “ evade answer­ ing further questions to the utmost” of his abili­ ty 
In g e n e ra l, the P e n ­ tagon panel found that the code, written in 1955 after the Korean War, “ is a valid and n e c e s sa ry instrument which estab­ lishes high standards of behavior for all m embers of the a.rmed services." 
It said som e V ietn am war prisoners “ attribut­ ed their very survival to the inspiration provided by the code of conduct.’* 

Anniversary 

The Pentagon com m it­ tee’s report, calling for the first code change in more than 'JO years, was m ad e a v a ila b le S a t u r ­ day, the fourth anniver­ sary of North V ietnam 's release of U.S. pilots and other servicemen im pri­ soned during the South­ east Asia war 
The rec o m m e n d e d changes involve only two w ords of the s ix - p a r a ­ graph code. 
The p re se n t v ersio n says: “ I am bound to give only name, rank, service n u m b e r, and d a te of birth.” 
T he c o m m itte e 

 recom m ended changing 
“ bound” to “ req u ire d ” because it felt the word bound is archaic and not easily understood by ser­ vicem en with lim ite d education. 
Key change 

The key change would drop th e word ‘‘o n ly ” from the sentence, which would then read: “ I am required to give nam e, ran k , serv ic e n u m b e r, and date of b irth ,” and 
•would no longer indicate that this is the only in­ form ation that m ay be supplied under extrem e duress. 
T h e re w ere no legal penalties in the code it­ self for any violations 
H owever, the s e p a r a te 
Uniform Code of Military 
.Justice provides p en al­ ties for actions, such as co lla b o ra tin g with the en em y , that could in elude violations of the 
Code of Conduct. 
The 
G eneva convention, the tre a ty covering the treatm en t and re sp o n sib ilities of p riso n e rs of w ar, requires the information enum erated in the Code of Conduct. 
Disputes 

The new study followed disputes am ong form er 
POWs over just what the code required of them . 
Those disputes started in the prison c a m p s and continued a fte r lib e r a ­ tion. 
T he 
11-m e m b e r c iv ilia n -m ilita ry c o m ­ m itte e , in c lu d in g four former POWs, completed its report last November but the Ford adm inistra­ tion left it for the Carter 

 a d m in is tra tio n to co n ­ sider. The new Pentagon le a d e rsh ip h as begun e v a lu a tin g the r e c o m ­ mendations. 
The 3o-page report by the c o m m itte e says: 
“ The c o m m itte e c o n ­ cluded that the Code of 
Conduct and re la te d tra in in g m u s t -become more realistic co n c ern ­ ing a PW’s disclosure of in fo rm a tio n .” At the same time, it urged “ in­ te rro g a tio n r e s is ta n c e training ... base‘d on suc­ cessiv e lines of r e s is ­ tan ce and a ‘r e b o u n d ’ philosophy.” 
'Bounce back' 

E x p la in in g th is , the report said: “ A PW who is coerced into g iv in g more information than he feels he should must not allow h im self to feel 
‘broken* but m ust 
‘bounce back.' continue to resist and provide as little information as pos­ sible during subsequent interrogations ” 
A fter rev iew in g the 
1955 proceedings which led to the code, the com­ mittee said in effect that th e o rig in al a u th o rs never in ten d ed 
U.S. 
POWs to hold oui at all costs. 
“ Experience of PVVs in h ands of C o m m u n ist ca p to rs d u rin g the Ko­ rean War made it clear that a skilled and deter­ mined interrogator could extract virtually any in­ form ation he w an te d ," the report said. 
Realistic 
‘‘T he 1955 ad v iso ry co m m itte e d esig n ed guidance to insure that our se rv ic e m en u n d e r­ stood this fact and to as­ 

 sis t th e m in r e s is tin g such in te rro g a tio n realistically rather than dogmatically.” 
The current committee found that the individual armed services varied in their views of the code s meaning, often m isinter­ preting it. 
T h is led to w ide differences in p r e p a ra ­ tion of men for possible capture, the report said, and “ these differences often cau sed frictio n w ithin a g ro u p of p r i ­ soners.” 
To c o rre c t th is , the panel recommended that 

 training on the Code of 
Conduct be cen tralized under the office of secre­ tary of defense. 

The panel proposed a n u m b er of a d m in is tra ­ tive directives to elim in­ ate ambiguities and clar­ ify policies re la tin g to 
POW conduct. 

The committee recom ­ mended that the Code of 
C onduct should not be converted into a law . 
“ B ehavior cannot be effectively legislated, but it can be affec ted by tra in in g and le a d e r ­ ship,” the report said. 

Young constituent 

Patricia DiMino of Bradenton, Fla., was one of the youngest people to meet Presi­ dent Carter as he walked through down­ town Plains, G a., Saturday — AP Wire­ photo 
Cisneros cites area’s importance 

^ t C I A l TO TMI IX P tt& S 
JOURDANTON - San 
A n to n io ’s o rig in s a r e rooted in its role as a capital for the a g ric u l­ tural in d u stries of the city and rural com m un­ ities that comprise South 
T ex a* , San A n to n io ’s 
Mayor Pro Tem Henry 
Cisneros said here Satur­ day • 
Cisneros addressed the an n u a l d in n e r of th e 
Jourdanton Cham ber of 
Commerce, in which he 

 underscored the im por­ tance of agriculture and ranching to the San An­ tonio economy. 
He said the city’s his­ tory is rich as a banking center for agriculture, as a sales center for farm tools, as a m a rk et for a g r ic u ltu r a l p ro d u c ts and as the governmental capital of the region 
“ In many parts of the 
U.S., rural communities lie in disrepair — their young people migrating 

 to the larger cities, their lob bases being depleted and physical assets de­ te r i o r a tin g ,” C isneros said. 
“ Such a process is not good fo r th o se ru ra l com m unities, nor is it good for the cities, nor is it good for the nation.” he said. 
He said San Antonio can provide the leader­ ship rural communities need, “ but to grow. San 

Antonio must have strong m ark ets to sell to and d em an d for the goods produced in the c ity ’s plants and firms, 
“ The development of 
San Antonio’s economic base is in part dependent upon the health of the region on its incomes and its m arket strength,” lie said 
“ And that m eans Jo u r­ danton. Poteet, Pleasan­ ton, 
D illey. 
C a rriz o 

Springs and the larger, more distant, markets of 
Laredo, Del Rio and the 
Valley.” 

He said any economic d evelopm ent effort in 
San Antonio should stress agricultural research in­ to new crops and tech­ niques. manufacturing of a g r ic u ltu r a l h ard w are and technology, and the training and education for agricultural methods 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Dillards * brightening your February with 

Monday Feb. 21, last day to save up to *5o on famous 
Magnavox during 
Dillard’s Magnavox 
22nd annual sale 

Magnavox’s big 25” diagonal deluxe color 
TV with twin speakers 
SALE *598 

I 

) 
I 

I 
II 

L:• fj 

Enjoy Magnavox quality in every detail! 
1oo% modular solid-state chassis conserves energy, saves on electricity. Special electronic eye monitors and adjusts the balance of color, contrast and brightness automatically. Color leveling circuit maintains constant color-intensity, and videomatic button activates the automatic fine tuning. Magnavox has convenient, up-front secondary controls with a decorative door panel plus illuminated UHF and VHF channel windows. 

Televisions 

13” diagonal 

 color portable. . 

 you save $3o 
319.95 reg. 349.9S 

You can enjoy great viewing at a budget-pleasing price! This Magnavox value includes automatic fine tuning, the precision in-line tube system for exceptional color, 1oo% solid-state chassis and convenient secondary controls. All this plus extra testing for extra reliability. 

 a *5o saving 

 on Magnavox 

 decorator stereo 
449.95 

 ra g . 4 9 9 .9 5 

The beautiful look of fine furniture . . . outstanding musical enjoyment! 
The dry sink decorator stereo, a charming reproduction of an authentic 
Early American design, Features FM /AM radio, 
3-speed automatic record changer, 4 speakers and space for record storage or optional tape equipment. 

SHOP 3 DILLARD’S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9 

. _ 
OFF 
F L lR M IT L R t CO. 
1 

(W W ON RUBRICS 
MID ChRPCTIMG 

NI VV ACCOUNTS INVITED! Installment Wans - Extended Credit - National Credit 
[ Cards. Dinars Club, Carte Blanche, Master Charge, BankAmencerd, American Express. 

 kORTHSlDC • Rector St. opposite N Star Mall 
•Open Mon & Thurm, til 9«Phone 342*9411 

(Ju t dr cr la (cb ale a/tray* ural I a Ut ic tw a t ifcu ut ne $x(lu dump 

Carpeting and fabric can make or break a room, i 
Choose now from Lees, Berven and other fam ous names in carpet. And from hundreds and hundreds of colors and color combinations in drapery and upholstery fabric. Our interior designers will gladly advise and assist. And there's no additional charge for their service. Come in.. .or cal! for an appointment. 

' «*:• S5,.*L~V f tk\ «.* • 
* 
•»*AA 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sun. Feb. 13 I 977 
Paae 
9-A 

 is brightening your February with for your home 

... at much less than our everyday prices! 

 king size 

5 
I 

New Lu lac group plans mayoral forum 

The Northside Sun Antonio Lu lacs (League of 
United Latin American Citizens) was chartered 
Saturday durum a Lulac National Supreme Council meeting in Houston 
New president of the Northside Lu lacs is Javier 
Banales. 
Other officers are Margaret Rios, vice president; 
Robert Tame/, secretary. Cruz Chavirra. treasurer. 
Rebecca Barrera, parliamentarian, and Santiago 
Mendoza, chaplain. 
The new council has 21 members, who are all residents of the North Sid** me .Winside Lulaes has begun to plan its first major activity, a public forum tor candidates for mayor 
The public forum will be March 17 at Trinity 
University, and it will be open to the public. 
Lulac was first formed in 1929 and now has councils iii more I hun 3o states 

— 
N 
Bridal Sets. 
Love for Two. 

 jd\ 

Vitm' 

11 Diamond bridal set, g Q,amond bridal set. 
14 karat gold. $375 
^4 karat gold. $55o 

15 Diamond bridal set 
14 karat gold. $bOO 
7 Diamond bridal &t, 
14 karat gold, $325 

Elegant gift wrap at no extra charge 

2341 Nee**#* St. J V H ^ S I O N I**1*1 *•** 
Mty 1o hi $ ^ je w e le rs *>•*»» »o *« ♦ 

 a****** cs«*«« . a******* Cww* 
. **•»••' O w p 
< *•** 
* o «*w k » C iv e . t m ** l k « i H » • U y « * « v 
CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, W INDSOR PARK 
SHOP DILLARD'S M O NDAY THRU SATURDAY IO A M. TO 9 P.M. 

SpringmaicP Bill Blass designer 

 king and queen percale sheets 

 at 5 o % to 6 1 % savings! 

King cases (pr) 

 reg. $8 

 save 5 o % ! 
Fieldcrest king size thermal blankets, outstanding buys! 

I 
OO 1 o8 "x9 o" Q ueen/king size 
I • / / if perfect, $24 

Cozy sleeping this drizzly winter with money saving irreg­ ulars of Fieldcrest best quality 1oo% woven acrylic ther­ mal blankets in assorted styles and colors. Nylon bound. 
Easy care, machine washable and dryable. 

Linen* 

For the first time ... top quality matched Springmaidvt> designer sets at these low prices) Select "Dancing Poppies", red pop­ pies with black dot and zigzag accents; "Classic 
Squares"*, burgandy check top sheet, plaid fitted sheet; 
"Trivoli Gardens"*, floral "Ingenue" apricot or blue bows and ribbons. All no-iron percales in 18o-thread count. 
KodeB polyester/cotton blend. 

*ln king size only. 

Linens 

Queen size, reg. $6 2 for *9 

King size, reg. $8 2 for S11 

For more restful sleeping, choose these Dacron*’ Red Label polyester pillows made to DuPont's specifications. These dollar stretching pillows are resilient, odorless and mat re­ sistant. Covered in a lovely corded print. 

Linens 

 save ... king and queen size pillows, 
2 5 % to 3 1 % off! 

Queen flat or fitted, reg. $14 

King flat or fitted, reg. $18 

Standard cases 
(pr), reg. $7 

EASTER SEAL C ha irperson M rs. 
John Steen Sr. poses with B exar 
County Easter Seal child Jake V a ­ lenzuela, age 6 

Nell Steen to run Easter 
Seal drive 

Civic leader Mrs. Nell Steen has been named chairperson of the 1977 Easter Sea 
Campaign in San Antonio and Bexar Coun­ ty. 
Jerome K Harris Sr., president of the Bexar 
County Easter Seal Society, said Mrs. Steen will lead about 4.o99 v olunteers iii the annual appeal for funds conducted by the Easter Seal Society for Crippled 
Children and Adults of Bexar County, Inc. 
The Easter Seal Campaign will begin March I and continue through Easter Sunday, April IO. 
“I am deeply honored to take on this responsible role. The Easter Seal Society is a voluntary agency which has taken leadership in providing help for the handicapped for some 25 years, and the needs for rehabilitation are growing,” said Mrs. Steen. 
Mrs. Steen has taken active roles in the Junior 
League of San Antonio. Battle of Flowers Assn , 
Fiesta San Antonio Commission. San Antonio Con- servation Society, Charity Ball Assn and numerous other civic organizations. She is married to John 
Thomas Steen Sr. and is the mother of five children 
The Easter Seal Campaign is conducted annually bv 234 local affiliates of the Easter Seal Society for 
Crippled Children and Adults of Texas. 
In Bexar County during 197(5. 343 children and adults received 2(5.o51 treatments of physical ther­ apy. occupational therapy and speech therapy at the 
Easter Seal Center. 2818 South Pine St. 

4'KngKMl 

Ortho King medium firm super 

 comfort bedding by King KoiL.save *53! 
$166 

King tize set 

 reg. $219 

Ortho King smooth medium firm mat­ tress featuring firm innerspring with fiber pad insulator and foam cushion­ ing. Matching coil box springs com­ pletes the set. Comparable savings on other sizes, too! 
Bedding 

IOCAHONS 
Downtown 
OUN I ll HOtll 

SOU I H PARK M AU 

W O N O IR U N D 

S H O P P IIS C ity M AU 

S y lv ia P o rte r te lls 

 w h a t y o u sh o u ld d o 

 to g e t on p a y ro ll 
John Denver 

THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN MAN 
Rabies in bats jumps in East 

ATLANTA (A P ) - An unusual, but nut alarm ­ ing. concent rat ion of rabies in bats has been reported in the North­ east. the national Cent er­ ror Disease Control says. researchers say they do not know whether t he* upswing reflects an ac­ tual increase iii the dis­ ease or a greater public awareness of the prob­ lem 
Rabies iii animals lias posed a greater threat to humans iii recent years and bats are a m ajor source of exposure, the 
CPC said. 
Native 
Hats are native throughout the I Tilted 
States and rabies among them generals has been evenly distributed. 
However, for the third quarter of la s t year — duly, August and Sep­ tember, the latest figures available — rabies iii bats showed a marked increase iii the N orth­ east. 
For that period, .‘{ti cases were reported iii 

Hollies iii a n im a ls has p o se d a g re a te r threat to hum ans iii recent years a m i hats are a m a jo r source o f exposure* the CAH] sa id 

 of humans treated for rabies last year, but in 
1975 about 3o,ooo su­ spected cases wore treat­ ed 
Since 197o. only one in 
Lf rabies victim s has siirv iv cd. Of these, four had been bitten by bats 
The only fatality caused by rabies from bats last year involved a 
55-year-old woman in northeast Maryland. She had been bitten on a linger as she brushed away a bat which landed on her apron 
The bal was captured and found to be rabid. 
The woman began treat­ ment 44 hours later. The 
CPC recommends that treatment begin w it Inn 24 

 h o u rs after exposure. 
One thing that has concerned public health officials iii the Northeast is that bats seem to be getting into houses more often. 
“ We have received a lot of complaints of bats in residences iii that area,” 
Bak er said. 
“ Maybe this has been a problem iii the past, but people are just beginning to report it/*_____________ 

M aryland. 17 in New 
Jersey. 15 in Delaware and 14 in eastern New 
York. 
That compared with 52 cases in California, 32 iii 
Florida and .‘IK in Texas 
— all scattered over a much greater area. 
In the first quarter of last year. 549 cases of rabies iii all anim als were reported from 32 static. 
Figures for previous periods were not availa­ ble immediately. 

No explanation 
“ We don't know why the increase.” said Dr. 
Fverctte Baker, a veter­ inary epidemiologist at the CIX'. “ We don't know if it is an increase iii rabies iii bats or if it is an increase iii the report­ ing.” 
Baker said the CPC has no reports on the number 

This Butova Quartz Digital lets him command the ti ma.. with one button control for six time functions... the hour, minutes, seconds, day. date and month. Accuracy Is pro­ grammed to within a minute a yean 

Drifting out o f bounds 

A 9o-foot high hot air balloon drifts over western Brooklyn in New York Saturday en route to a landing near Jam aica Bay. The pilot, Sidney Cutter, 43, of Albuquerque, N .M ., was ticketed for flying too low and for landing at other than an airfield. — AP Wirephoto 
Y oung says U.S. burdened Britain 

MISS FIESTA 

CONTEST O PEN TO ALL SA N A N T O N IO 

COEDS AN D H IG H SC H O O L SE N IO R S 

Sigil Entry Blanki al festival San Jacinto Ass’n. Otfica at 319 Majastic 

•Mg. Wookdays bttwaan 9:oo a.m. I 5:oo p.m. thru february 32. 

ACT NOW - Number of Candidates is limited! 
NKW Y O R K (A P ) - 
I S envoy 
Andrew 
Young returned Saturday from a 1o-day tour of black A frica asserting that former I S. Secre­ tary of State Henry A. 
K issinger bad “ aban­ doned'* 
Britain over 
Rhodesia. 
Young, the first black 
I S. ambassador to the 
I Jilted Nations, said lie believed the 
I Tilted 
States had been “ unfair” to B ritain . “ Dr his- singer put a burden on 
Britain's back and then abandoned th em ." the form er Georgia eon- gressman charged. 

 shuttle last September to deal with the Rhodesia situation was partly cal­ culated to help win the election. If the Repub­ licans won. Young in­ dicated. Kissinger would still lie in office and thus able to help ease the burdensome role put on 
Britain. 

In the wake of K is ­ singer's A frican trip. 
Prim e 
M inister lait 
Sm ith, head of Rhode­ sia s white m inority government, said last 
Sept. 24 he had agreed to a two-year transfer to black m ajority rule ac­ cording to term s 

 and black nationalist leaders failed to reach agreement on key ques­ tions over a transition to black rule. 
Young said he would meet either Sunday or 
Monday with Secretary of 
State Cyrus R. Vance in 
Washington to discuss the results of his African tour. _ 

Political 

He told a news confer­ ence at London’s Heath­ row Airport that just as the last round of talks on 
Rhodesia resulted from J an American initiative. the Fluted States could still help. “ This would have to be worked out with B r ita in ," Young noted. 

A. Ail itmnfess st WI. 
Spun btu* alai U H S 
B. All sfeinl*** stwi 
BIKH swirl dial SSB.w 
C. Ail stainless sun. 
Brushed tiarcwl dial. 5W.M 

 x m m OfflKKtSH ca 
I I I im ll I ................................................ 
ALL YOU CAN 
EAT FOR *2.49 

A N D R EW Y O U N G 

Bring this coupon to either Delta Catfish Co. and get all the Catfish, chicken or country fried steak, plus hushpuppies, cole slaw, beans, and french fries you can eat for only $2.49. That s 5o cents off the regular price of $2.99 fo r each ad u lt in yo u r p a rty . fun, Fish, Fowl and Steak Y o ur Fam ily Can A ffo rd 

C 
A 
4 
LAST D A Y , 2 - 1 6 - 7 7 j U o n 
M on. -Thurs 4 :3 o p .m .-9 :o o p .m . 
J 
I I 
Of 

I F 
M r 
Brl.-Sun. 1 1 :3o a .rn .-1 o :o o p .m . 
I F 
M r 

2o S.W . M ILITA RY DR. 
E-N 
7o75 SA N PEDRO 

Speaking to reporters 

 iii London just before departing for the I Tilted 
States. Young added 
“ This was not intended but I think Dr. Kissinger thought (the R e p u b li­ can s) would win the 
(presidential) election 
5 tiling s comment ap­ peared to imply that Kis­ singer's southern Africa 

Or. K issinger pill a harden an llri - 

I n in 's hack ( o ver R h o d esia ) a n d then iilm ndon ed them*' 
A NEW ANGLE 
ON QUARTZ 
4 
DIGITALS 

In London. Young met for I Vs hours with Ivor 
Richard. B ritain 's am ­ bassador to the Toited 
Nations and chairman of last fall s Geneva confer­ ence. to discuss fresh approaches to the 
Rhodesia situation. 

 proposed by Kissinger begun the next month in 
B rita in , from which 
Geneva between Rhode* 
Rhodesia unilaterally de- sia's blacks and whiles, dared independence in 
However, the Geneva 
19H5, then agreed to serve talks broke down in 

 a s chairm an for talks 
December after Sm ith 

However, un aide to 
Young said the T S. en­ voy found Britain wary of tackling another round of 
Rhodesian negotiations without a prom ise of 
Am erican support and assurances that some progress could be made 
The 
B ritish 
Labor government believes that failing once again to reach an accord over 
Rhodesia would be a ser­ ious blow to its credibili­ ty. the aide said. 
COMPUTRON 
Q U A R T Z 
Initiative 

During his 
London news conference. Young told reporters he had found "a kind of consen­ sus emerging among the 
Africans that there was a lot that had to be talked about among themselves before the resumption of talks” over Rhodesia. 
Young said he would pass along to tile British a recommendation from 
Tanzanian 
President 
Julius Nyerere lhat there be a conference of the 
B ritish , black nation­ alists and the five so­ called 
“ front-line” states, black-ruled na­ tions of southern Africa that have given support to guerrillas iii the more than four-year-old war against Rhodesia. 

Young met with Nyer­ ere and tile presidents of two other front-line states — Kenneth Kaun- da of Zambia and Agos- 
Indio .Neto of Angola — during his visit to Tan­ zania. Kenya aud Niger­ ia 
He also met with head* ol state or senior of fie! als from Botswana. 
Kenya Som alia. Zaire. 
I Burundi, Rw anda, the 
I OU toro Islands, Lesotho, 
I I ego aud Niger, 

 lf you think all digital watches look alike, took again. These Butova Compo iron guar or digitals are unique The 
♦tesign in exciting modern, crafted tike fine jewelry Th* name is Bu 
(ova. world renown tor depend 
A able precision timekeeping. 
These handsome watches tall the hour, minutes vacuous, month and date with 7 one button control Self / 7 
A 
F a 

 set for months of 28 . A 
Am 
M 
3 o arid 31 days 
J m 
A f f 

 capable of accuracy nj w i t h i n d minute 

 give Shalimar. . .the love 

 potion from Guerlain 

A gift of love from Guerlain...and 

 you. 
An exotic fragrance inspired 

 by the budding passions that blos­ 

 somed in the gardens of Shalimar by 

 the legendary love of a man for a 

 woman...the spell of love you want 

 to weave. Spray cologne . . . $ 9 .5 o . 

Cosm etic* 

SHOP M O N D A Y THRU SATURDAY IO TIL 9! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S-— Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 

Coming this w eek in The New s, the action newspaper 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

Miss Black San Antonio 

TRACY MITCHELL, who wants to become a registered nurse, has been crowned Miss 
Black San Antonio in ceremonies which lasted until early Saturday at the Carver 
Cultural Center. Miss M itchell, whose hobbies include skating, sewing and dancing, sang 
Mr. M elody” during the talent portion of the contest. The outgoing 
M iss Black San Antonio was Donna 
Spence and the contest is sponsored by 
Miss Black San Antonio Board, Inc. — 
Staff Photo by Steve Campbell. 

 changing direction 

W A SH IN G T O N (A P ) 
— The rodent! govern­ ment's new program for battling urban blight lot uses on preventing marginal neighborhoods from d eteriorating further rather than rebuilding low-income, inner-city neighbor­ hoods. according to two new reports 
The two studies of the 
M 2-billion federal Com­ m unity 
Developm ent program, including one by the Brookings Institu­ tion released Saturday, conclude that poverty neighborhoods fared bet­ ter under Model Cities projects initiated iii the lHtitis. Other sections of the cities are faring bet­ ter. 
In cities around the country*, there has been a shift. I'm it Ii iii funding and decision-making, “ away from the poorest pimple and areas to a more mixed pattern,” says the 
Brookings report 
Congress and the 
< arter admininistration are expected to study that trend when tilt* 
Community Development 
\ct of 1974 comes up for renewal later this year. 
Focus shifts 
A separate study by researchers at the liar- vard-M IT Jo in t Center tor Lilian Studies agreed with the 
Brookings conclusion that the focus of the com m unity development programs 
How being funded by the 
Department of Housing and I ’rbun Development has changed from social services, such as Ileal!Ii or education, to short­ term capital spending, such as for parking lots or downtown rehabilita­ tion. 
“ Issues of who should benefit and how benefits should be provided have been raised by those favoring social ser­ vices," said the Brook­ ings study. “ It was, in fact, this point of view that ted to the adoption i i i 
I HHH of the Model titles program — the premise tieing that saving cities involves saving people. 
S.KiaI services spending 

 between investments in the poorest areas versus what are considered transitlonal neighbor­ hoods.” 
The IHIilis anti poverty programs in H LD were replaced iii 1974 by com­ munity developm ent grants which give cities mnnty for a variety of projects with few strings attatched 
The Brookings report 
Naid 29 per cent of those funds currently go to aid low-income persons. 
Because the program eliminated many federal requirem ents that pro­ gram s aul the poverty stricken, many cities are using their federal funds for community-w ide projects. 
Keel tape 
The 
H arvard -M IT 
Jo in t Center says the 
( nmmunity Development 
Act has had dram atic success iii reducing red tape in federal programs, but the analysts conclude the benefits were “ at tile expense of the poor. 
“ Community Develop­ ment is doing less than ll eotild, and much less than Model Cities did to give poor people a piece of the action,” said Ber­ nard Frieden and M ar­ shall Kaplan of the Joint 
Center 
“ Between 
19H8 and 
1972, tile Model Cities st-nt 18 per cent of IIL D ’s total com m unity development aid budget into poverty neighbor­ hoods. According to one study, only 12 lier cent of current com m unity development funds are going into com parable low-income areas ” 
Brookings' research team, led by senior econ­ omist Bichord Nathan. concluded that 
“ the block grant program is a better instrum ent for aiding transitional neighborhoods and preventing blight than were the fold-tn grants, but ii is more limited an instrum ent for redeveloping the most 
.seriously deteriorated urban areas." 
P a tric ia 
H arris, 
Carter’s H LD secretary, says she will seek an ex­ tension of the 1974 legis­ lation. hut with a i hance 

 i i i the funding formula that w ill target more money to needy cities 
The Brookings report. which suggests that the pity steal deterioration ut a city bt* considered in determining how much money a com m unity should receive, was paid fur bv U LU 

Who benefit 

 r. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

U U ® UNIFORMS 
BUDGET STORE 

S p e c ia liz in g in FIR ST Q U A L IT Y 
MARK-DOWNS I £ 

 c l o s e o u t s ^ 
® 

F A C T O R Y 
I 
T S 

O V E R R U N S 
V 
A 

FROM AMERICA'S tARGEST CHAIN OF UNIFORM SHOPS 

Names You Have Heard O f 
BARCO • WHITE SWAN • AND MORE 

A T SUPER LO W PRICES 

S A V E 5 o % & m o r e 

THIS WEEK’S SPECIALS 

UNIFORMS tirstr* *5.88 

PANTSUITS ,W & *9.88 

SMOCKS 
W W . 
*4.44 

DUTY SHOES ,W ,V 7 .8 8 

2o6 BROADWAY • DOWNTOWN 
CALL 226-2911 • SHOP DAILY 9:3o TO 5:3o 

Use BankAmericard or Master Charge 

EXPRESS NEWS CAPITOt BUREAU 
AUSTIN — After three full weeks of legislative action. Gov. Dolph 
Briscoe appears to be at the top of the batting column. 
His most cherished hills, like the high­ way financing h ill (HH .‘I) and Omnibus 
Courts B ill, have up to now met little re­ sistance from legislators in cither House. 
Even threats that Briscoe's highway hill would drain too much of the state's giant spending surplus too soon in the session haven't hurt the governor’s legislative program. 
The highway h ill whizzed through the 
House last week, passing by a convincing vote of 121-27. The h ill goes before the 
Senate Finance Committee Tuesday. 
The highway hill would clear Hit* way for a transfer of over $6o6 m illion into the highway department over the next bien­ nium. 
The funds would come from existing revenue derived from sales of vehicles, lubricating oils and tires. 
Meanwhile, Bexar County's 15-member delegation in both houses have run up their total number of hills introduced to the 12o mark. 
By Friday, the House had 1.oo7 bills on record In the Senate 561 hills have been introduced 
The status of other local interest legislation pending before the Hath Legis­ lature through Friday includes 

BILLS INTRODUCED 

Holist Hill h«h bv lo p Malt Cardia would provide bn rt-llH ol Hie M in iv nu: beueliei.tries of a person who wroiiylully dies from flit- iieuliyenco of another, referred lo Com mittee on .Iudieial Affairs 
HH Kila bv C aru a would require a district, coun­ ty or connu -court at law court lo submit only uni erat charges aud not spec die charges lo a jury in a civil suit if requested by any part in the suit 
HH HIW by Hep Al Brown lr would add fines or between SJI ii I and SI.IMM* for violations of an existing* slate law regulating licensed funeral director*, and/or embalm ers, rc lc rm l lo Com m ittee on Business anti 

Industry. 

HH met by Hep 
Hon Bird would authorize any 

 county commissioners court, pending a constitutional am endm ent, to appoint in its place a board of tax equalization; referred to Com m ittee on 
Intergo­ vernm ental Affairs 
BB SOS bv Hep Don Cartw right would add a sec tion to the Texas Tort C laim s Aet exem pting m edical personnel of a governm ental unit from individual liability in the death of another caused by negligenc e. re ferred to Com m ittee on State Affairs 
HH UPI by Hep toe I 
He rnandez would add a new c apital m urder charge lo the stale lienal i cicle The charge would apply lo a peace oflic cr who m urders another who is under arrest and I-- tint attem pting to e scape, referred to C om m ittee on C rim in a l .In n s prudence. 
HH ‘IJH by Hep 
Hennie Hoc k of New B raunfels would create a county court-at-law iii Comal County, referred lei Com mittee on .Iudieial Affairs 
IIH Halt by Rains would create a separate governing board for Southwest Texas Slate- University removing it from the Texas Slate- I'niversHy System, referred to* om m ittec on Higher Education 
I IB Haft by I art wright would lim it Te-xas banks or trust com panies to not m ore than a five per cent investment in either a ImiHod-purpose- correspondent lea ilk or one-bank holding company thai owns res trie le-d bank shares in a lim ited purpose correspon­ dent bank, referred to Com m ittee oil Hanking 
HH tin:! by He rnandez would permit suits to be filed against insurance com panies that issue polic ies covering losses or dam ages to m otor vehicles, re- fe rred be Com mittee on Insurance* 

O ral R o b e rts kin die in plane erasli 

ANTHONY. Kart. (AP) — A daughter and son-in-law of evangelist Oral Roberts were among six persons killed when a private plane carrying them home from a ski holi­ day in Colorado crashed near her. author­ ities said 

Rebecca Roberts Nah, 37. and her hus­ band. Marshall. 38, died when the twin-en- gine Piper Navajo airplane went down in heavy rain Friday night, cutting a swath about threequarters of a mile long through a muddy wheat field on a farm 6>2 miles south of Anthony. 

HH uhs tty He p Frank Tejeda would pr<*\ ide tuition 
.-xe-mptieens in state- supported sc hools for children whose fam ily m em bers were killed in action in the armed forces since World W ar II 
It would also apply the- t ait inn exemption lo orphans of m em bers of the- 
Te xas National Guard and Texas Air National Guard killed since Jan I. 194fi 
HH UUU by Rep Te|e*da would also grant tuition e xemptions tee children cif deceased or disables] fire ­ men and full paid or reserve m unicipal, county or state- t*e-a< e- officers: not yet referred to com m ittee 
Senate Iii 11 54J by Sen 
John Traege-r of Seguin would provide for the Texas M unicipal R etirem ent 
System to m ake valuation increases in future pay­ ments oil certain current service annuities ane! prior service annuities, it would also authorize reduction and restoration, of monthly payments and an annuity at request of the- person entitled to the paym ent: ie ferred to Com m ittee on State- Affairs si", aaH by Traege-r would amend A rticle I of the 
Texas I , Minor C ontrol Act to assign local option elections iii * Hu-s Iv mg iii more than one county to the county w uh the greatest population 
Failure of any issue- subm itted under the section would have- nee effect e>n the- “ w et" eer “ d ry '- status ref any portion of any affected c ity. 

C O M M ITTEE ACTION 

H H UK by R ep 
Lynd on Olsein of W aco and e et speensore-d by Hep Been Rains elf San Marcos would authorize state funds for fam ily practice residency training program s and stipends-; passed favorably out of Higher Education Com mittee 
HGR -JU by Hep Jim Nowlin granting permission lee 
M arin F igueroa to sue- Ke-rrville State- Heespital and the- State- elf Texas, pusse-d favorably end elf State 
Alfairs < lemmittec 
SH 2fi by Se n Trae-ge-r se tting procedures for the sale- elf re-aI property unde r a tax lien ; re fe rre d favo rab ly oui of Senate- E conom ic D evelo pm en t 
( om m ittec 
SB 147 by Traege-r defining activities which are pe rmitte d w itheiut a plum bing license-, passes! favor­ ably to Se-nate etui of Economic' Developm ent ('o m ­ m ittec' 

SH 7J by Lom bardino coinmissieuiing a life-size bronze- statue of the- founder of the- Alamo for place-- me-nt in front elf the Atame*, reported favorably from 
Inie-rgeivertime-nfal Relations Com m ittee 
SH Till whose prune- sponsor is Sen 
Lom bardnm won tentative- approval in Hie- House and is awaiting filial passage ne-xt week ll w ill then he- sent Ie* the gove-rnor’s desk 
Kne*wti as the- Om nibus Courts B ill. SH Til) contains hair ne w rlistrie-t courts for Hexar Countv. 

 r n 
Companions 

NU ZZLIN G w ith Micah is Brandy Powers, 
2 4, founder of PAWS (Protective Association for W orld Species). The cougar cub travels w ith B ra n d y on her w ild life e d u c a tio n program s. — AP W irephoto ti 

 i 

 i i! 
GNC C O U P O N D A Y ! 
GNC 

Quantities Limited-Hunry! Shop the GNC Store Nearest You- NOW THRU FEBRUARY 19TH! 

• 516 E. HOUSTON ST. 
MON.-FRI. 9-7, SAT. 9:3o-6, SUN. I S 
VITAMIN C 

MCCRELESS 
Doily 1o-9 

No 
994 
5oo mg. 

$ 1 9 9 

I IOO 

 w ith 
Rose 
Hips 

25o $4 75 lOOOmg. 992 

 with 
Rose 
H ip s $ * je * 9 
IOO 

25o-S8 39 

5oo mg. no. 37 

$ 1 4 9 

 we I 1oO 
Ascorbic 
Acid 
25o -S3 7o 
1ooo mg. 2-/;, 
$198 bio I IOO 
Ascorbic 
Acid 

U 
□ 
□ 

□ 

□ 
□ 

□ 

I 

F T F 
UNBLEACHED 
FLOUR 

 you 
SAVE Ic 
V 
V otuii iwtev en a mr if I IMI I OMffi 

• Central Park 
Daily 1o-9 

WOOP MKWURf THTI! S O C 

SO. PARK MAU 
Daily IO 9 
WINDSOR PARK 
Daily 1o-9 

5oo se 15 

- C L , 

LIQUID 
Protein 

• ii* 

LIQUID PROTEIN 

PREDIGESTED 
SOLUBLE 

15 Grams of Predigested 
Protein per ounce 
PLEASANT TASTING 

16 oz. 
32 oz. 
5o *1 2 “ 

MILLERS UNPROCESSED 
BRAN 

45* 

Rich in 
Dietary ( 
Fiber 

3 1 VAI UAM! I GNT COUPON 

TOASTED 
SOYBEANS 
(2 OZ 
■■ mw 
5 Varieties 
£ £ o 

6, 4 - 

YOU SAVI 12c I 
WRI I IMUS ft| it If V 

APPLE 
JUICE 

32 OZ 
YOU 
SAVE IOC ocfciiintivni a arr 
> IMH am J; 
* ‘ii'*?.'1 (lt>l COUPON 
5 9 * 

 a,wv/--u J i-»i ow gVr-'Ji-vty! 

RAISIN BRAN 
13 oz 
GRANOLA 

 e g o 
SAVI 3oc 
V 
U wen einav iii a arr 

V; ..- - ; T 7 t w i l IHM 

LJ 

□ 

□ 
□ 
□ 
□ 

□ 

COMPARE & SAVE! 

 c 
I 

 c o m p a r ! Sqm bb 
Theragran M to Supertron 

OOMPAH! M ile s 
CHOCKS plus 
IRONtoNUTRI 
CHEWS WITH 
IRON 

VITAMIN E 
H r ! 

CLIPS 
SAVE 
AT 

IOO LU. 
Capsules 

IOO 

25o 
SI.19 

No 
9 8 8 
5o 

2ooI.U. 
Capsules 

No 
995 

4oo LU. 
Capsules 

No 
9 9 1 

25o 
$4.88 $ 1 
99 

IOO 
1oooI.U. 
No 
989 
§ 4 OZ. BAG gl I mn**,''va------ —— 

25o 
$3 69* 1 4 ’ 
S A 
■ 
IOO 
$33.88 W 
99 

.AMI 
COMMO!. A $*|79 

GERIToL to 
GERI GEN 
LIQUID 
$-|85 
SAMI 
I OHM!ILA 

MILES 
ONE A DAY to UNI GEN 
89o 

J Theragran to 
^Therapeutic 
Multi Vitamins 
$179 

• AMI 
OH VOL A 
IOO 

GERIToL to 
GERI GEN 

• AMI 
OHM! 
IOO 98o 
B*Complex Ioo $5.45 

J 5o mg in 8 FACTORS 
25o 
S13 OO 

FOR FAST WEIGHT LOSS! 
“GRAPEFRUIT* 
DIET PUN 
Eat No Grapefruit... apt and Enjoy 3 Tasty 
Meals uaily. 

18o 
(3o day supply) 
$5,49 

9o 
(15 daysupply) 

$ 2 » 

Famous Diet Formula the AUin-ONE 
Kelp, Lecithin. Cider 
Vinegar, Vitamin B-6 
Tablet. 

Am erica's Most W antedForm utation! 

I P 

I 

I 

»aiua»» ewe eolian* 

MILLERS UNPROCESSED 
. 
BRAN 9C 
YOU SAVE 16C 

VAI ll ARI I DMC COUPON 
I if 
II 
’A GAL. 
YOU SAVE 74 |g 
. 
H 
M 
H pm naut s it* }» i v t ? 

VITAMIN D 
MILK 
69 

 tai UAM I urn. I nu*-!*. 

 t i 
Seeds $229 

SJ Ready to eat. I lh 
YOU SAVE 7oc 
-I r-WfWjr-.T.' _'... 
'__. 
- --— own ohi eiPiws h * 
\9>? 
Vt! UAM I GUT. r.(H*e-ON 

oRoWFAT BRAN NOU 
M 
BREAD 5 9 
24 OZ. 

(iaaH oh!. txWLx en 
Tv a r 
J 
HAI UAM I GW I HWU* 
!*</* 

COMPARE 
ANO 
SAVE! 

1oo-M.99 
5oU-*9.75 

NEW YEAR’S VITAMIN SPECIALS 

V A N G A R D 
KELP 

 loo- 

T a b le t s 
2 
9 
* 

S U P E R 
C * f l C Q 
LECITHIN I tim 
_12oo m g . C a p s u l e s 
_ _ 
Desiccated 
LIVER ..o Z |Q < 
T a b le ts _____ 

V I T A M I N 
B-12 

IfClY HIS 
CARSIHIS 

IOO 

SO me if 
I <t b le t % 

 llNSI VI I 

 e~ I 

LECITHIN^ ! 59 
G ra n u le s 4 oz. 
• 

V I T A M I N B-l SifSC 
IO O m g . T a b l e l s ^ Q 
! 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 

45o m g . 
3 / S I Z Y * ) 
GINSENG I riblets 
V A N G A R D uh) 
Vitam in 
5o intl 

B - 6 t a b le t s 
5 o . s 6 4 5 
648 m g . 
3 / S I o 9 o 
GINSENG c 

LOSIE PIOT 

M O D I L I T T S HI L PS CU HU Y O U " APPT TITE u t I PS YOU 
LO S I 
IHA I I X I UA w i n , H T • N O CAI Q u i t C O U N T IN G ' 
• N O I UC HCISF S' • N O S P I CIAI UU TS' 
Thank-, to i jro*>p of New York riot toe*. yOlJ f.in now lost* pounds Of ugly '.i' * thru it (Otnij on any sp,., i,*l ct*-! a '(hr,ut rutting Out any spot tai (nods u t LPS RL DUCL H U M ,HY MOM4 NIB 
Th,..,,, s *-N Yon* doctors <1‘SC Ove-'.-d ,i too<1 eO|U..int cid*-<1 MOCH L 
L I T S 
M'-i(1**l e-tts 
(1o«*s re-m.ifk.iOi,* things It helps you cut down your jkyn 'n' t*-*- by i natur il .iuf-“)m,,tic curbing of the ippoliti- .md isl the de*sir*• lex foods ‘M u Nih q .nifom.ifcaKy in ,i ie*dei«' e*d mt.the* 
Of food 
The doctors c.irefully c hecked results .end here is what they found 
I Wt- ght losses of n to 2 o pounds without .jny ‘ti ‘-Hee ts whatsoever i or , of the* mon and women who used 
M odel efts lost weight 
Model efts is .ibsolutdfy s»ife It is a food <»dtuv.»nf not a drug So nt.,ft lr«iay to sh***) those* unw anted pounds and in* hes lf your condi tton glandular or orcjamc s**e your doctor 
Mode-l efts may help you stay on the diet yotrr doc tor recommends Ask hun about it 
M- iIe-i --tis Wafe-r 
2 MONTH 

LONG GRAIN 
BROWN 
RICE 
79c 

16 OZ 
YOU SAVE IOC 

Yjt.- j J ■%.-.V ‘J cai UAM I u«k. niue-im 
[ V 
. p i 

OLDFASHIONED 
PEANUT 
BUTTER 
YOU SAVE IOC 

 until OM Hexes ret ?a i i n Ll..., ' 

16 
OZ. 89* 

P e ve to ad d s up n e e d fo r n e w ta x re v e n u e s 

Mi vAt tiAHt I (>»< f.mjynii 
Sesame 
SnacksioZ66* 

YOU SAVE 13c 

 i emf or* i > h iii s ie A ;i -v>* 

 a 

 sates t lh has the- hunger tying ( apa* ity of t« “ted potatoes or 
4 e-q. js ex *■) Mu e-s ot white- hostel yet it contains f ~ 
\ 2sr ;? only 

No. 787 $ 5 . o o 

FREE 

V i z 

IOU 
V A N G A R D 
Dolomite Tabled 

W hy 
Nutrition Square 
Chewable 
Vitamin C Tablets are made with 
Natural 
Acerola Berries 

 fruit Flavored Chewable Natural 
VITAMIN-C 

T a t!* it and an toy th* moat etal ic iou* 4 complata 
Vitamin C nutrition that avor mottod in your mouth 

*»,»“«wa u « n . u o n Itm you U M W a w C evwy 'Vee ie eery unglei rut rn yr*. I»t> HIH you) Sunv can I >lry. * 
Bul auexMe * 
-ant nicely ot VUM C yay bueVy ran I manu 
•w Ane A HW ai i. emww caaed - i>mr~ Ma canwne 
I imkt* 
•wry vwgu tea rn ma unify iou***w tao you can ami now »"i«» 
Vine A a Vt ba va* <“ yu*w*y w-nugn VAanw* C 
Thai v **<•>• Uuawon Squaea Naaa# VKanvn C wen kca>cat 
• .woe* rn itaaa taw ■ Via ii ieee iManw C 'awee kava Auca A 
•>. *-iw«ay twuy **rn acne laata w e * Awa lo (taw Man* 

I tufa »«et anta ysu> '«nay Ce*We N ae *. Sguua hats* yaw UnUy e l f u i a i 

 tan, * 

 cai UAM! I r,»f ( ime-itv 
LOW SODIUM 
CORN 
FLAKES 

8 OZ 4 9 * A 
YOU SAVE IOC 

^ t f ns ; a ; » ' l y 
»ai UAM I (.ac mue-ua 
' 
DELICIOUS. NATURAL U Af* 
Licorice tlH C 
Bits 
™ 
6 Vc OZ 
YOU SAVE IOC 

WH bx" ITH Hams et* }* \9T? 

CAROB-COA TED 
TasT-SoysbyO 

4V* OZ 
YOU SAVE 3oc 

 t i 
KAI UA*! I GAC f Punt*. 

FARM FRESH 
EGGS » 6 9 
Geeu e ueci 
TOU levi toe is m 
. I WI* OMI I Af**.! % 11A It l»/f I y T-yB&l^Y' r ( 
HAI UAM I oaf I UIU- W 
Lee4 
SEA 
SALT nb 4 9 * 

TOU SAVI 2oc 

 l ' z : I naut On! lekeatsiit )l i»>7 IS n S jiB 

~ H t & H X iy t j eAiua.‘- - 
- 
I 
' *>"' 

COCONUT 
^ * § 1 C | 
Macaroons^!1 ii 12 o2 
YOU SAVI 2oc 

I OM i i m , eel i# HMX B a*o * 

ASSOCIAUO PRISS 
V\ itIi his Southeast Texas drawl, drooping forelock and good old boy grin. Wayne Peveto is an unlikely .Jeremiah. 
He slipped on lits h air sh irt last week. however, and laid on the bad news about "int new taxes.” 
You can't meet all legitim ate de­ mands for new state spending and grant relief from some of the more onerous state and local taxes without new sources of revenue, lie told the 
House. 
M od erate 
Not that Peveto, a moderate Demo­ crat from Orange, wants new taxes. He merely was doing his hest to delay 
Gov. [jolph Briscoe’s bill to strip $561.2 m illion from other state programs and perm anently dedicate auto-related sales tax revenue to highways. The bill passed, however, and now awaits 
Senate action. 
The Legislative Budget Board’s re­ commended general appropriation bill leaves SI IN billion on the table for other spending, lit' pointed out. 
Then Peveto added up the demands on that money; 
• Highways, the $585.1 m illion d if­ ference between Briscoe’s total pro­ gram and th** LBB's recommendation. 
• School finance, a $749.2 m illion difference. 
► Teacher pay raise, not recom ­ mended by the governor or the LHB but sought not only by leachers but bv powerful coalition of vhool admin­ istrators’ organizations. $385 m illion. 
• Kepeal of the sales tax on u tility bills, a Briscoe recommendation. $216 million. 
• Inheritance tax relief, the goal of many rural-based organizations with political clout, a conservative estimate of $36 million. 
‘‘There is not enough money here to go around and fund a ll these p ro ­ grams. Father we will have to reduce 

'There is not enough m oney here to go a ro u n d a n il fu n d a ll these p r o g r a m s P e v e to s a id . 
No one lins c h a l­ lenged his figures 

 the LBB recom m endations by $786 million or have a $786 m illion tax b ill," 
Beveto said. 
Nobody has challenged Peveto's f i­ gures. 
“ Let me tell you about this 
Legislative Budget Board,” he said, rattlin g off the names of its almost u n ifo rm ly conservative m em bers, starting with Ll. Gov. B ill Hobby and 
Speaker B ill Clayton. 
“ These people are not spendthrifts. I don t think you can go through and cut the LBB budget by $7N6 m illion. Tile fat*s not ln-there." he said. 
It all went to show that even a $966 million surplus and projected general revenue growth of $2 billion really a r­ en’t infinite. 
Hep. Bill Hollowed. D-Grand Saline, had something to say about the options to Hep. .lim Faster, D-Fl Paso, a sup­ porter of the highway hill. 
“ I am going ti* get with Mr. Faster and find out what he wants to cut from the Cmversity of Texas at El Paso, and 
I am going to accommodate h im ." said Hollowed, a member of the House 
Appropriations Committee. 

And Hep. H ill S ullivant. D-Gatnes- viJle. had the quote of the week about the teachers’ demands. If you missed it before, here it is. 
“ We are going to give a teacher pay raise. Some of you new members mai­ llot believe it but just ask the older ones. I know the governor says you don't have to give one. hut political realities are such that if you believe that, on hts word you would believe the aurora borealis is a flashlight in the hands of an Eskimo." 

B u rry R obinson: 

 rn 

O n e - o f - a - k i n d S p o r h W r i u * r . 

Every Day in the Expren. 

A M O NO FLEX ROOF is being applied to this house, that will not only seal the surface against leaks, but will also insulate it against heat and cold. A Monoflex roof can save you hundreds of dollars by reducing your utility costs over the years. No matter what type of roof you have, Monoflex can be expertly applied directly over your old roof, whether it’s shingles, gravel, metal, or roll roofing. Monoflex can also be applied on your exterior walls for extra insulation. 
Stop by Coating Specialists at 
1181S 
Warfield or call 349 -6 2 o4 for a courteous estimate.! 
(Rd. Adv,) 

Our Usual $1.79 

LADIES' & TEENS' BRAS j Irmyultrt. Whit*. Main 
| and p<uM »d cup*. m * 
I 
C 

I Str*tcf» (Trapt 
S lu t J I f 
| 
* 
-J* 

• to 3 8 rn A and I cups. 
J limit 3. 
■ 

OOOO MONDAY. FIM U A IY 1 4 (E - N ) 

LADIES NEW SPRING 
PANT SUITS 
$1.79 TUSSY DOROTHY 
GRAY MOISTURE CREAM 

Our Usual 3 for $1 
Sandalfoot Nylon 
KNEE HIGH HOSE 

Our Usual $1.o7 

RED HEART WINTUK 
KNITTING YARN 

I 
W h its , blo ck, and rn a J p o p u la r colors. VA 
J I 
H j 
I and 
4 o z. 
4 ply 
• sksin s. lim it 1 2 . 
^ 
o 
■ 
OOO*) MONDAY, (I ABU A t Y 14 (E-N) 
I 

O u r U sual $ 1 .7 9 .. .P k g . o f 3 
BOYS’ TUBE SOCKS 

First q u a lity . 
W h its w ith 
^ 
— 

 strips to p . Sizss 9 * 1 1 . lim it 
§ g 

I p k g . o f 3 . 
W I 

P K G . O f 3 ............................... 
■ 

DOOD MONDAY. FfBBUABY 1 4 (i-N ) 
TICKETED $1o......... 
^ 

OOOO MONDAY, FtBBUABY 1 4 (I-N ) 
World 
Briefs 
Our Usual $1.89. . .Ladles 

CUSHIONED SOFT 
COMFORT SLIPPERS 

. f l a c k and colon. a|» 
■■ a 
, i S 3 K “ U - * l O ' 

Our Usual 294 yd. 

I ’’ NON ROLL ELASTIC 

I Non roll quality. V jfa gf 
J White only. Limit I M 
21 yds. 
B 
“ yd. 

I 
7 y d s . $1 
OOOO MONOAY, (CM UABY 1 4 (E-N) 

LADIES' AND TEENS' 
COTTON KNIT MOPS 

Irregulars m o d s to m soil to $7. Spring col- J nj 4 Q ors. S.M.L Limit I. w 
$ 
TICKETED $3................ 
■ 

OOOO MONDAY. n M U A B Y 1 4 ( E - N ) 

Our Usual 184 

MEN S HANDKERCHIEFS 

I Irregulars. 
*1 rf 7 
| White. large. 
I BB \ 

J limit 6. 
■ ^o 

OOOO MONDAY, FtBBUABY 1 4 (E-N) j 
Arabs clamp down on rebels 

COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES 
B E IR U T , Lebanon — 
Arab nations imposed drastic new curbs on 
Palestinian guerrillas 
Saturday to try to bring the entire resistance movement under firm 
Syrian and Lebanese control. 
The decision aims at ending Lebanon's role as the last unrestricted commando base with far-reaching effects on 
Palestinian ability to wage war and influence 
Arab policy. 
Although the 
Arab countries did not an­ nounce details of the res­ trictions, it was learned the provisions would res­ trict substantial armed commando presence to specified border regions near Israel. This means an end to fortifications of 
15 refugee camps that had become self-ruled states within a state. 

Dacron Double Knit Sale! 
ALL FULL BOLTS, FIRST QUALITY 

★ Crepe Stitch 
★ Basic look fancies 
£ ■■ O G 
★ Ponte Stitch 
★ Gingham Check Stitch 
I X 
★ Seersucker Stitch 
★ 6o”— Compare to $3.95 yd. 
■ yd. 
Irregulars of values to $25. Sizes 5 
15 and 6*18. 
TICKETED $1o AND $13.......... 
NEW SHIPMENT! FANCY & SOLID 
Woven Spring Fabrics 
45” Spring 
Embroideries 
All full bolts, first quality. M a d e to sell to $ 2 .9 8 yd. N ovelty tex­ tures and surface interest weaves. 4 5 wide. 

Sm all neat all-over em ­ 

 broidered patterns on a 

 soft avril blend broadcloth. 
Full bolts, first quality. 
Irregulars made to sell for $15 to $24 
Sizes 5-15 and 6-1 6. 
TICKETED $7 TO $ 1 3 .............. 

FAMOUS M AKERS’ 
Blouses, Shirts, Tops 

^Kjulars and first quality mad 

TICKETED $6 
TICKET CD $7 

NEW SPRIN G 
T-Tops, Knit Tops & Shirts 

Irregulars made to sell to $12. Sizes S.M .L 

SANAA. North Yemen 
— American weapons are arriving for the first time in North Yemen, putting this country firmly in the pro-Washington 
Arab camp and signaling a decline of Russian in­ fluence. 
Until the first U.S. weapons arrived, the 
Soviet Union had been 
Yemen’s exclusive arms supplier for 22 years 

TICKETED $8 
TICKETED 
$5 AND $4 

2 & 3-pc. Skirt Sets, Dresses, Pant Suits, 
Jumpsuits 
TICKETED $13 
*1 ()95 

New Spring irregulars made to sell for $23 to $3o. Sizes 5 13, 6-16, and 14'/j-24'/j. 
■ ^ o 

D ip lo m a t lt!io<lt>sian pact j 

W A SH IN G TO N 
- 
South African Ambassa­ dor ILF. Botha advised 
Secretary of State Gyrus 
Vance Saturday that a negotiated settlement re­ mains possible for 
Rhodesia 
“ The only alternative is war and conflict and bloodshed,” Botha told newsmen after the 
75-minute session at the 
State Department 
Botha gave Vance a report from South Afri­ can Prime Minister John 
Yorster on Yorster’s meeting last Wednesday) in Capetown with Prime 
Minister lull Smith of 
Rhodesia. 
“ The gist of it is,” 
Botha said, “ that we lie- lieve there are possibi­ lities w hic h might lead to a negotiated settlement.” 

OUR USUAL $1 YO 

# I FAM O US BRAN D 
Men’s No-Iron Dress Shirts 

Slight irregulars. Short sleeve full conventional body or tapered styles, long point or spread collars. Solids, whites, stripes, plaids, prints, or engineered patterns. Sizes 14Va-17. Preticketed to $18. 

INFANTS' AND TODDLERS 
SPRING 

Pant Sets and 

Crawler Sets 

LADIES’ & TEENS’ SPRING 
Lounge Floats 

Irregulars of values to 
$24. + rn m 
Nylon/acetate, long lengths. Zip JI JjL 4 fronts. Mony styles for at home comfort. Sizes S M I. 
^ o 

E.vpru* peace talk* to bepill 

NICO SIA. Cvrpus — 
Greek and Turkish Cy­ priot leaders agreed Sa­ turday to resume talks to bring peace to this die Hied island follow ing a four-hour meeting with 
U N. Secretary • General j^urt Waldheim 
A joint statement said future negotiations would lie held in Vienna at the end of March tinder 
Waldheim’s auspices but gave no other details. 

MEN'S FAMOUS BRAND 
No-Iron Dress Pants 

M E N ’S FA M O U S 

Wrangler No-Fault Jeans 

TICKETED 

$6 TO SIO 

LADIES’ AND TEENS' 
Spring Dusters 

(’regular* of value* to S i 9 98 
Polyester ' cot­ ton 
Ploy cmd dr*** style* 
Two piece set* for 

 boy* ond girl* S u e t I 2 to 24 and 2 to 4 
Slight irregulari . 
1oo% polyester. Continental styles with fomous elastic waistband, belt (oops, or jean styles in spring colors. Finished flares. 
Sizes 28-42. Preticketed to $21. 

Fir*! quality 
O u r u*ual 
$13 96 
1 o o % cotton I 4 OI denim* with no 

♦oui! shrinkage control 
Five pocket*, 

 belt b o p s, 22 ’ Hewed* and Fomou* 
" W on bock pocket* Size* 28-42 
Toddlers Pants and Tops 

 irregular* of value* to 
$2 9$ Polyostar I cotton 
PANTS TOPS 
P rin t* a n d w ild * R u g g e d 
— 
M m m p la y w e a r for b o y * a n d 
Q 
A * 
5 
I q u i* Stem 2 to 4 , w w 
I 

Irregular* of value* to 
$ 12 

Polye»ter cotton 
Short length* 

Pastel print* cmd solid* 
G rip p er front* Size* S M I X I 
FAM O US BRAN D 
Men s No-Iron Knit Shirts infants Gowns & Kimonos 

Irregular* of value* to $2 98 
^ 
~ _ 

Solid* and nor*ory print*. Flam e y 
| 
J / retardant Size* to I 2 month*. 
I 

Irregular* O u r usual $3 98 C o tto n /p olyester, or blend* in 
*hort or long 
P e e ve * 
Em ­ broideries, solid*, stripe*, engineered, or neot or bold print* 
Pullover crew or collar style*. 
S.M .t.X L Value* to $1o 

Irregulars of values to $7. Nylon. £ ft A 
Long and short gowns. Prints and 
o I solids, loce trimmed. Sizes S.M.L. 
MOSCOW — The Sun id 
L iihhi has defended it* current campaign J against dissidents, den­ ouncing them as pawns in a coordinated Western assault on detente and socialism. 
The arguments, con­ tained iii a lengthy edi­ torial in the Communist party newspaper Pravda. formed the most com­ prehensive response to date to the Carter ad­ ministration criticisms of Soviet human rights v adat ions 
Branding dissidents out sicken enemies of so­ cialism. Pravda said they 
“ are just a handful of individuals who do not represent anyone or an­ villing and the> are fat from the Soviet people 
What is more, they exist only because they are supported, paid and praised bv the West 
( arter was not men­ tioned bv name During 

I 
NOBODY CUTS PRICES O N FAMOUS 
AU 3 
NAME COSMETICS BUT SOLO SERVE 
STORES 

.4 Oz. NORELL 
Spray 
Cologne 
Mist 
* < 

Purse Size 
*o 

PANTENE 

Shampoo 

(Travel S u b ) 
—» 
. 
• Normal tT I 

• Dry 
" V 

• 2 az. 
o 
< 

DAN tfVEI (ANTOCI IO 

2 O T I 
A U I M * p« * ty Ho s b 

 l i m n I 
Revlon Intimate Cologne 
IfJtuli 2.75 oz. VIVIANE Woodard 
“Prime val Spray Cologne 

8 oz. OGILIVE After Shampoo Groomer 

7.5o NINA RICCI “Bigarade 
Splash Cologne 

6 oz. LANVIN Arpege Foaming Milk Bath 

FAM O US “E V E R Y D A Y " 
Sandalfoot Panty Hose 

Famous Brand Rope-Wedge Casuals 

 ex* ©f v«tu** to $ 16 O f*** ond ctu*#d ttylo* rn Sprin g co lo n . fo b ***, ond 
^ J R § ^ y $ R T 

4/ / 'UCP'/yt'' H, Ip il t 
J " / "- 
'' 
$StJv, g / i, Y? 
V. '' ' 
' 

£-k%k.W 

OFFER GOOD 
WHILE 

FEBRUARY SALE 
FREE! 

POLYESTER FIBERFILL 
PILLOWS 

W ith your Purchase of a 
SERTA 

PERFECT SLEEPER 

MATTRESS 

AND 

FOUNDATION 

Pillows of 1oo% Dacron polyester fiberfill . . . You get I king-sized pillow with each twin set; 2 pil­ low s w ith each double set; 2 queen-sized pillow s w ith each queen set, and 2 king-sized pil­ lows with each king set. You will treasure their heirloom comfort and adore their modern conveni- 

QUANTITIES 
LAST! 

• Twin 
Size 

Full Size 

• Queen Size 

King Size 
PERFECT SLEEPER SUPREME 
1/2 PRICE 
TW SLEEP SHOP 

6646 SAN PEDRO 
828-5444 
3951 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
736-5878 

FRM DELIVERY 
^ 

Et MMT UP i i 

Remember When "Comics” Were "Funnies” ? 
THEY STILL AKE! 
In tho Sunday Expresi-Newi 

Poultry 
Brothers win 2 top spots 

 prizes awarded 

Vernon Bippert, IT. daughter of Mr. and M rs. ernor E. Bippert of 
Floresville, showed the hampion broilers in the ready-to-cook poultry show of the San Antonio 
Livestock Show and Ro­ deo Saturday. 
A 23-pound turkey en­ tered by Sharon Meier of the Johnson City Future 
Farmers of America was named c hampion turkey. 
Miss Bippert. a junior it 
Floresville 
High 
School, has been feeding birds for six years but this was her first win in the San Antonio show. 
She is a member of the 
Wilson County 4-H. lier three broilers weighed IO pounds, 14 ounces. 

Top turkey 
Miss Meier's champion turkey weighed 
23 pounds. It was the second straight win for Johnson 
City in the turkey contest as Ted Artlike won it in 
I OTO 
Thomas 
Brewster, 
Williamson County 4-H, had the reserve cham­ pion turkey, a 21-pound, eight ounced bird. Third place went to the entry of 
Ricky ('rider. Johnson 
City 
F F A , with bis 
23-pound, four ounce bird. 
The reserve champion three broilers were exhi­ bited by .lames der- maim, Marion FFA and weight'd IO pounds. The third place entry of John 
Fueller, Wilson County 
4-H. weighed IO pounds, six ounces. 

Young brothers from 
Stanton swept the two top spots in the Hereford di­ vision as judging started for the grand champion steer of the San Antonio 
Livestock 
Show and 
Rodeo Saturday at Joe 
Freeman Colise un. 
Judging w ill resume 
Monday at 8 a m. in the dairy arena. Five breed champions w ill be se­ 

 lected Monday. 
Then the judging of the 
14 breed champions to determine the grand champion steer of the* show is scheduled to start at ll a.in. 
The 1,145-pound Here­ ford shown by Kendall 
Newman, IO, of Stanton was named champion 
Hereford steer. Then the steer of Kevin Newman. 
Top swine is worth $1,3oo 

 bv of 

Sixty-one head brought 
$13,225 in the- all-breed swine sale Saturday at 
Joe Freeman Coliseum. 
The average price was 
$217 per head. Auctioneer was Jac k Dillard of W as­ kom. 
Top price of the day was $1,3oo paid by Os­ born Brothers of Llano for a lidar consigned 
J a iiipes 
Epperson 
Valley Spring. 
Person and 
Luens- mann of Seguin paid 
$45o. top price for a gilt. for one* consigned by 
Kpporson. 
One of the big winners iii the breeding swine judging at the San An­ tonin Livestock Show and 
Rodeo was 
Cen-Tex 
Farms of Voea. which showed champion and reserve champion boar pig and champion sow pig in the Yorkshire judging. The reserve champion sow was en­ tered by Adrian Pieniu* 
/ck of Adkins. 
Lorenzo Dew ora Jr. of 
Atascosa entered the c hampion Duroc boar pig and Cen-Tex Farms the reserve champion boar. 

Louis Birdson of Boerne owned the champion 
Duroc sow pig and Kevin 
Brown the reserve champion sow. 
Sam Claik of McAllen showed the champion boar |)ig and J. 1). R ay and Lonnie R ay of Roff, 
Okla.. the reserve cham­ pion boar in Polands and spots. Roy Duelm. New 
Braunfels, exhibited the champion sow and 
Haynes Spot Farm of 
Rocksprings 
Route. 
I'valde, the reserve c hampion sow. 
Karl 
Lehman 
Jr .. 
(enter Point, owned the c hampion Chester White 
Ixiar and Roliert Sit lord. 
Fredericksburg, the champion sow. Donna 
Kay Luensmann. Seguin. showed the reserve c hampion boar and J. D. 
Ray the reserve cham­ pion sow. 

12. was chosen reserve champion. 
It also weighed 1.145 pounds. 
Both boys had showed rn San Antonio before, with Kevin showing the reserve c hampion Here­ ford steer last year. Both boys also did well in the 
Hereford heifer show last year. 
Gay Nell Fluitt, Fre­ dericksburg. showed the champion Charolais. It weighed 1.17o pounds. A 
1.135-pound steer en­ tered by Jeff Fox, Ha­ milton. was named re­ serve champion. 
Winners 
Exhibitors of other breed champions were; 
Brahman, .lerrj Gleason. 
Muleshoe, 1.1911 pounds: Alums. 
.lack .lebbia, Stafford. I.goo, 
Shorthorns. Charles Key. 
Clyde. 1.18o: Santa Gertrudis. 

Tom m y Sehroeder. T aylo r 
1.21o: Bed Antics. Talana .Jack­ 

 son. Walnut Springs. 1.o9o. and 
Polled Hereford. Dean Hinton. 
Floydada, 1.185. 
Brangus winners 
Willow Springs Ranch of Burton won two of the top spots in the open 
Brangus show at Joe 
Freeman Coliseum Sa­ turday. 
Its entries were judged grand champion bull and reserve grand champion female. 
The grand champion female was exhibited by 
Lee Hundley of Brook­ shire and the reserve champion bull by Brink s 
Brangus Ranch of Kerr­ ville. 

THEN SEE OUR FULL COLOR 
MEAT 
AD 
IN 
TODAY’S 
COLOR COMICS! 

 h o i si: in 
OVALITY VI KATS 
7o49 SAN PEDRO • 344 4571 

H ayn es’ bull 
J is ch am pion 

A bull consigned in Donald Haynes of Pleasanton was judged champion bull in the fourth annual futurity sponsored by the South Texas Brahman 
Assn. Saturday ut the leone Star Livestock Commis­ sion Co. 
The champion hull was bought by George Wilson of Hondo for $2,ooo. the top price of the day, in the sale that followed the futurity. 
The 124 Brahmans in the sale brought $o5,OOO. an average of $771 per head. Sixty-one bulls sold for 
$5o,34o, an average of $825 lu r head, and the o3 females sold for $45,2oo, an average of $718 per head. 
Sherwood Valley Ranch of Mertzon had the two top females iii the judging. The champion brought $1,325 from It. B. Sewell of DvRitler, Lu,, aud the* second place female sold for $1,11o to J \\ Kskew, Austin. 
Other selling prices 

HK*'. kl .’Cl Newell, third. Slerln 
Jock Ham h Giddmgv btu rib. D*e 
Burn Thompson ( elullu, aiel fin 

1. aliet I. ( attU I Ii 
Salt Valu e,a 
Iulunt). ow in i v p rice and bu>* 

 rdaiibat, ll U t Merlin*; WiJkrriw attle i •* 
San Anomia. ISM A kteriniy Smith im,ti F itful Harris 

TO ORDER BY PHONE CALL 

7 3 5 - 6 1 8 4 
CASH 8 CABBY SPECIALS 

• SPRING FLOWERS in bud va»e 
• BUD VASES car nation* 
• CO RSAGES from 

• 326 W Josephine and 
• At Wonderland (155 Gill) 
Kelly Scherrer 

San Antonio’s Master Florists" 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Aerial 

 mumm 

 tifcM 
. 

 view 

R O W S of cars' and buses packed the 
Joe Freeman Coliseum area Saturday as sunny skies and three rodeo per­ formances attracted huge crowds to the San Antonio Stock Show and 
Rodeo. — Zintgraff Photo 

G otdoO 5 

21/2 PESO 
.VVI I NII INE'S 
\ day 
Rings for men \ spic im i in 14K gold settin 
Satin or Nugget Finish 

YOUR 
CHOICE 
*23o. 

/ rn# 
/ ' 
{ 
CONVfNtCNT 
% 4 * 
» r . 
' V a la u n t 

J"', fcm«rget! 

We Accept 

• Bank A m e n ca rd • M osier Chorgi 
• Diners C U ,!' • A m e n e .e ' f apres'. 
• Sh o p p er* Charge • C a rle Blan ch e 

8 G R E A T S T O R E S IN THE SA N A N T O N IO A R E A ',o1 
Las! Houston, D ow ntown • Los Palma* Shopping C e l i t e , 

• P la z a T e rre ll S h o p p in g ta 'titer • 8 4 Z S W M ilit a r y O tis , 
• Northwest Shopping Center • McCrelOS* Shopping City 
• C e n tra l P a rk M att • W in d s o r P a rk M att • S h o p G o u t,* ” 
Coast IO Coast 
2 I-PA lf* 

Success was a long time coming 

Rv urn I.,, . . __ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sun. Feb. 13 I 977 

By WILEY ALEXANDER 
It took Mickey Gilley 15 years to become an overnight success 
Yet, a success he is and San Anton­ ians can see why when he unpacks his unusual style for a three-day perfor­ mance at the Rodeo beginning Monday night,. 
The past three years have seen six of 
CI ii ley’s records and three of his al­ bums hit the top spot on C&VV charts 
His style resembles that of his first cousin, .Jerry Lee Lewis. As a matter of a fact. Gilley used to be introduced as .Jerry Lee Lewis cousin. Not any more. Now. .Jerry Lee is introduced as 
Mickey Gilley's cousin. 
“ Tile past three years have been un­ believable,” Gilley said from his motel loom in ( a ii ad a during a telephone 
. interview. 
On tour 
(iiiley is on a tour of Canada with 
Loretta Lynn. He will be at the rodeo 
Monday through Wednesday, then head out for the County Music Festival 
Awards show Thursday where lit* is up for awards in five different categories. 
“ I'm real excited about the awards show.” Gilley said. “ I'm1 been nomin-x ated for entertainer of the year, male vocalist of the year, song of the year, album of the year and record of the year.” 
Gilley’s climb up the fame ladder started in 1974 when he recorded un old 
George Morgan song, "Room Full of 
Roses.” The song took off and became 
Gilley’s first number one hit. 
Five other number one songs fol­ lowed, ‘‘I Overlooked an Orchid,” 
"City Lights.” "Window l ’p Above.” 
"Bring It on Home to Me.” and "Don’t 
All the Girls Look Pretty at Closing 
Time.” 
His “ Bring It on Home to Me” is in nomination as record of the year and 
"Don’t All the Girls Look Pretty at 
Closing Time” is up for song of the year. 
‘Smoking' 

His album "Smoking” is nominated as album of the year. 
His latest single. "She’s Pulling Me 
Back Again.” already has hit the na­ tional charts and appears headed to the top. 
Gilley has come a long way since he and .Jerry Lee were kids in Fereday, 
Lu. Gilley now makes his home in 
Houston and has a club there called 
Gilley's. 
"I had .Jerry Lee in for a show about four months ago,” Gilley said. " I don’t get to appear there very much as I’m on the road all the time.” 
The constant separation from his fa­ mily is the only part of success Gilley dislikes. 

MICKEY GILLEY 

"I enjoy my home life and really dislike being gone so much but my family understands the situation and that helps. 

"M y parents still live in Fereday and my success really shocked them. I don’t get to sec them as much as I would like, either,” Gilley said. 

Gilley has his ow n television show in the Houston area but has no desire to go national with it until he has more time to put into the production. 

"Television is a tough business,” 
Gilley said, "and until I have the time to make the show what I want it to be. 
I’m content with keeping it like it is.” 

Television 

Television is a part of Gilley's life now . as he has made guest appear­ ances on all the major TX' shows. He will make his third appearance on llee-llaw March 12. 
Gilley has two brothers in Corpus 
Christi and a nephew, Cand Gilley, who lives in San Antonio and is trying to get his big break in the entertain­ ment field. 
"Be sure and tell Carol hello,” Gilley said. 
Whatever a star like Mickey Gilley wants, he gets. 
Hello, Carol 
Maine-Anjou entries win in quality b eef 

Matne-Anjou entries won both top spots in the quality beef contest Satur­ day iii the San Antonio Livestock Show and Rodeo at Joe Freeman Coliseum. 
The grand champion beef carcass caille from a Maine-Anjou entered by 
G. L. Thomas of Corsicana. 
It weighed Lion pounds on the hoof and had a dressing percentage of 63.3 per cent on its dressed w ight of 728 ixiunds. The boneless retail cuts came to 53.5 lier cent. The animal placed second iii the on-the-hoof judging. 

Reserve honors 

Reserve champion honors went to the entry of James Marek of New l im. 
It placed first in the on-the-hoof judg­ ing and had a live weight of 1.o8o pounds. 
The dreased weight was 685 pounds for a percentage of 63.4 per cent with 
53.3 per cent in boneless retail cuts. " 
A 258-pound Hampshire-Chester hog owned by N. W. Voigt of Hallettsville took grand champion honors in the quality pork contest. 
Its dressing percentage was 77.5 per cent oil a dressed weight of 2oo pounds. 
It placed first i i i the on-hoof judging. 

The reserve champion was a 
258-pound Hampshire-Chester entered by James D. Epperson. Valley Spring. 
It dressed out at 2o8 pounds for a per­ centage* of 79 4 per cent and placed second in on-hoof judging. 
A fine wool cross lamb entered by 
Cody Carruthers of Del Rio was judged grand champion in the quality lamb contest. It weighed 1o4 pounds on the hoof and dressed out at til pounds, a percentage of 58.7 tier cent. It placed fifth in on-hoof judging. 

The 12o-pound medium wool lamb of 
Sidney McWilliams of Brady won re­ serve honors. It had a 55 per cent dressing percentage on a live weight of lit) pounds and a dressed weight of 66 jHiunds. It was first in on-hoof judging. 

First place among Southdowns went to the 82 pound lamb of Russell Ress- mann of Harper. Its dressed weight was 49 pounds for a percentage of 59.8. 
It placed first in on-hoof judging. 
The entry of Beppo Speck of Faint 
Rock placed first in the fine wool di­ vision. Its dressing percentage was 
52.5 on a live weight of HH pounds and dressed weight of 53 pounds. It was first in on-hoof judging. 
■ . i f .'^ r rn, rn ^ 
SONY’S 
BIG ONE 

 ii> a a lr 
• • » 

o 
1 
I -1 
... . . : 
II 

M O O R # E V -21o1 
2 1 ” S O R IN M iA & U lfD Dt AG O N A U Y 
TRINITRON PLUS 

Worts the biggest Trinitron color TV yet 
21" (measured diagonally). And it has a big plus — Trinitron Plus. Trinitron has always been known for a great picture but Trinitron 
Plus introduces you to on even greater picture. 

Sony engineers found a way to intensify the electron beams which "paint the picture. 
Also, the surface of the tube is darker to heighten contrast. Whiter whites. 
Darker 

(kirks. More subtle rn betweens 

Come see the biggest, brightest, sharpest 

Trinitron ever. You'll believe it. Trinitron Plus. 

‘It s a Sony." 
FEATURES 

• New Trinitron Plus Color System (one gun/one lens) 
• 1oo% solid state 
• Econoquick power saving system *1 1 4 ' 

 wide angle deflection picture tube in a slim profile cabinet • Advanced VHF tuner with 
MOS FCT and K * 7 o detent UKF channel selection *N o setup adjustment •Vinyl woinut veneer on wood cabinet •Earphone 

 included. 
WE HAVE THE BEST PRICES ON SONY PRODUCTS 
WI ARI THI ORIGINAL AUTHORIZE SONY SIRVICI CENTER IN 
THIS ARIA (SINCI 196o) 

11 STORE 
BUYING 
POWER 

A S 
A 
M C M O IR 
O F 

S O U T H 
T E X A S 
A F 

FIL IA T E D 
R E T A IL E R S 

M A K E S L O W E R P R IC E S 
POSSIBLE 
‘V * 

POST 
TV 4 APPLIANCE urn i h u m u s 

Last day! Hurry! Sale ends Mon. Feb. 14- at 9 pm. 

A C C E S S O R IE S 
2 for 5.oo 

Orig. 3.oo to 7.5o 

Tailored Jewelry. Gold tone necklaces, bracelets, earrings. 

Contemporary Necklaces. Ceramics on velvet, satin, braid cords. 
Orig. 4.oo to 7.5o................... 2 for 5.oo 
Dress Handbags. Attractive vinyls in the most-wanted colors. 
Orig. 14.oo to 16.oo................ 9.99 
Casual Handbags. Multi compartment vinyls in popular colors. 
Orig. 14.oo to 16.oo................ 9.99 
Fashion Scarves to brighten every outfit. 
Oblongs and squares. 
Orig. 4.oo to 8.oo.................... 2.99 

C O SM E T IC S 

Dual Purse Mirrors, reflect or magnify, fold compactly. 
Orig. 4.oo and 6.oo.......... 
2.99 and 3.99 

H O S IE R Y 

Snuggler Boots. Quilted nylon on an indoor-outdoor sole. Orig. 7.oo........ 4.99 
Casual Footwear for around the house or around town in a variety of styles and colors. (Hurry, not every size in every style and color.) Orig. 6.oo to 9.oo..... 3.99 

M O D E R A T E SP O R T SW EA R 

Famous Maker Shells of 1oo% nylon in several styles, many colors. 
Specially purchased.......................... 5.99 
Pull-On Pants. Stitched front polyester in fashion colors. Petite and average. 
Orig. 15.oo.................... 
7.99 
Separates and Coordinates. Great mixers at 1/3 off. 
Orig. 12.oo to 3o.oo........... 7.99 to 19.99 

5.99 
Orig. 12.oo 

Famous Name T-Shirts, Half-Price! Super spring and summer tops in lively prints and bright solids. Cool cottons and cotton blends, s m-l. Blouses. 

671 • BAN MORO 
8 2 4 -7 5 6 1 

4 
R r n ..... 

M O D E R A T E D R E S S E S 

Misses Dresses, Pantsuits, Jumpsuits, Long 
Dresses in a good selection for sizes 6 to 
18. Orig, 42.oo to 58.oo................. 17.99 
Women's Dresses, Pantsuits, Long Dresses. 
Many styles, colors, sizes 14Va to 24’/i. 
Orig. 28.oo to 44,oo. .................. 
19.99 

JU N IO R S 

Jumpsuits. New, now looks in a choice of styles, colors and fabrics. 
Orig. 22.oo to 32.oo........ 14.99 to 19.99 
Long-Sleeved Shirts in a selection of nylon prints and solids. 
Orig. 1o.oo to 12.oo.............. 6.99 to 7.99 

Y O U N G J U N IO R S 

Up-to-the Minute Pants including draw string waists. 
Orig. 15.5o to 18.oo...... 
9.99 to 12.99 

Fashion Tops including favorite cowl neck styling. 
Orig. 1o.oo to 12.oo..... 
6.99 and 7.99 

G IR L S ' W EA R 7 to 14 

Fashion Pants in a variety of up date fabrics and colors. 
Orig. 12.oo to 16.oo....... 
7.99 to 1o.99 
Go With Tops in super styles, assorted colors. 
Orig. 8.5o to 11.oo............ 5.99 and 6.99 

IN F A N T S A N D T O D D L E R S 

Warm-Up Suit in washable acrylic. Hooded jacket, pull-on pants. 
Specially purchased 
7.99 and 8.99 
Varsity Jacket authentically styled in washable acrylic. 
Specially purchased 
4.99 and 5.49 

L IN G E R IE 

Travel Sleepwear. Packable nylon short robe, gown, pajama, matching scuff, all at special sale prices. 
Orig. 6.oo to 13.oo ........ 
4.49 to 1o.49 

Briefs and Bikinis. Stock up at this special price. Great selection. 
Special Purchase ............................ 99o 

M E N 'S W EA R 

3-Pc. Vested Suit in year 'round polyester gabardine, heather tones. Regulars anc! longs but not all sizes. Hurry in! 
Orig. 135.oo............................ 79.99 

9.99 
Orig. 16.oo 

Van Heusen's Qiana Luxury Dress Shirts. 
Long sleeve, soft-to-touch nylon in fashion colors, 141/2 to 17. Men's Furnishings. 

Van Heusen's Hennessy Fashion Long 
Sleeve Dress Shirts in handsome styles and patterns. Orig. 13.oo to 16.oo......7.99 

Famous Maker Sport Shirts in polyester knit prints, long and short sleeved. 
Orig. 18.oo to 21.OO....................... 7.99 

Y O U N G M E N 'S 

Fashion Slacks and Jeans. Varied col lee tion, waist sizes 29 to 36. 
Orig. 16.oo to 18.oo........................ 5.99 
Long Sleeved Shirts from famous makers. 
Fashion styling, s*m I xl. 
Orig. 1o.oo to 18.oo............5.99 & 6.99 

BO YS' W EA R 

Slacks and Jeans in assorted styles, fabrics and colors. 8 to 14, slim and regular; waist sizes 25 to 3o. 
Orig. 1o,oo to 14,oo..................... 4.99 

SIG H T 'N SO U N D 

Lloyds Action Sports TV Game. Fun for the whole family...great price! 
Specially purchased........................ 79.95 

S M A L L A P P L IA N C E S 

West Bend Coffeemaker gives you I to 1o cups of perfect coffee, automatically. 
Orig. 34.oo........................................27.99 

H O U SE W A R E S 

Stainless Steel Flatware 5o pc. Service for 8. Two patterns at great savings. 
Orig. 25.oo set.................................. 13.99 
4 pc. Hostess Set orig. 5.oo.............. 2.99 

LU G G A G E 

Organizer Tote Bag carries a lot! 
Roomy 11x12x9" in fashion colors. 
Orig. 2o.oo........................................14.99 

A R T N E E D L E 
Crewel and Needlepoint Kits. 25% to 5o% off. Pillows and pictures. 
Orig. 4 oo to 8.oo........... 
1.99 to 5.99 

C LO SET SHOP 

Assorted Hangers to organize your closet. 
Multiple hangers, combinations. 
Special purchase each....................... 1.29 

C H IN A , C R Y S T A L A N D G IF T S 

Orig. 9.99, sets of 4 7.49 

Cryst A Clear Servers. Including (shown) seafood trays with sauce cups, dessert sets, jeers with liners, all in sets of 4. Crystal. 

___ 

V 

Decorator Cache Pots at Half Price. Lovely accents for every decor. 
Orig. 1o.oo to 18.oo.......... 4.99 to 8.99 
Wicker and Rattan Accessories. Planters, magazine racks. 
Orig. 4.99 to 13.99............. 2.99 to 9.99 
Johnson Bros. Ironstone Dinnerware. 
2o pc. service for 4, Strawhat pattern. 
Orig. 43.96 set..................................29.99 
Crystal Barware. 2o oz. brandy glass, orig. 3.oo.......................................... 1.99 

R U G S 

Colorful Area Rugs. American reproduc­ tion of famous design from India. 4x6' 
Orig. 55.oo................................ 
24.99 

LA M PS 

Special purchase 29.99 

Table Lamps in Two Styles. Take your choice of decorative lighting accents with pleated shades. Fruitwood finish with 
^ brass finish base (shown in two styles) or genuine pottery base bean pot in 4 colors. 

P IC T U R E S 

Original Handcrafted Wall Hangings. 
Designed exclusively for Rhodes, 16" or 
25" round, earthtones. 
Specially purchased ......... 18.88 to 34.88 

F U R N IT U R E 

Contemporary Queen Size Sleeper Sofa. 
65x72" innerspring mattress, flamestitch earthtone fabric. 
Orig. 569.oo 
..................... 429.oo 

North Slur & Worn!** lurid Shoo Mon Sal IO to 9. Rhode! Ch ary*? BankAmer Icard, Master Charge American Express 
An tfomfm: Company 

FRANK BROS. 

Featuring Hart Schaffner & M ar* and Hickey-Freeman Clothes 

On Alam o Plaza— Central Park M all— W indsor Park Mall 

IMPORTED BOOTS 

 reg. 55.oo now 
29.9o 

BROKEN SIZES 

Ask for DEFERRED PAYMENT in February 

FRANK BROS. 

On A lam o P la za — Control Park M all 

W indsor Park M all ta mm ____________ 
^ 

DEFERRED PAYM ENT M O N TH 

During February ask for FRANK B R O S .’ 

DEFERRED PAYM ENT PLAN Extend your 

 payments with no carrying charge. You won't 

 be billed til M ay I. Pay I / 3 by M ay 3o; 

I / 3 by June 3o; I / 3 by July 3o. Choose 

Spring Fashion Values or any of our fine 

 apparel 

I 
F R A N K B R O S . 
On A lam o Plaza 
Central Park M all 

W indsor Park M all 
J 

Man argued but $11o,ooo kept coming 

W IN T E R PAUK. Flu. (A P ) - B is checks kept arriving, no matter how much Christopher Cosset Ie protested, so he hanked the money — more than 
$1 KLIMM) Before he nave it hack, it earned enough interest to pay for a sports car and a sw miming pool 
“ Pm not a con artist,” said Cossotte. 3H. about his windfall, which was eventually attributed to coni* puler errors. “ J just .stumbled into this. and I'm fascinated.” 
Cossette. a resident alien from Canada, had previously done public relations work for Eaton's department store i i i Hamilton. Ontario, through Ins firm. Spectators Unlimited. 
Then he moved to W in ter P a rk , where he is semi-retired and does limited work for his Canadian firm . The Eaton checks, for varyin g amounts, started arriving in 1974, lie wrote to tile firm, ex­ plaining he was no longer doing business with them and asking to whom he could return the money 
But the checks kept com ing, until he had 
*1 MI KKI IMI of Eaton's money in his hank account. 
Finally, last September, he took along a cashier's check with him while oil a business trip to Canaria and urged the company to accept it. 
The store then discovered that it had assigned the old account number for Spectators Unlimited to a newspaper i i i Hamilton named The Spectator 
( ossctte had been receiving checks meant to pay for the store's full-page advertisements in tin* new­ spaper The computer was making out checks lo 
Cossette's firm limier the code name “ Spec.” 
Newspaper accountants had contacted Eaton s when the account went unpaid for some months, and 
Hu* firm had paid up. 
"But they were shocked to learn their accounting was apparently so loose” that they were paying twice* for the same thing, said Jim Bv slop of The 
Spectator. 
At least you get vitamin C 

CHICAGO ( A P ) - T h is is the week to honor the food that fed the workers who built China s Ureal 
Wall iii IMM MI B.C. and fed the hordes of Genghis 
Khan iii the- Kith Century, or so c laims a trade or­ ganization promoting it. 
If s the* food that put hair on men's ehests — aud then stood it on end 
— sauerkraut, kraut for short. 
It saved seagoing ex­ plorers from the* scourge of scurvy iii the* lHOOs because the* fermented cabbage is a convenient, storable* source of v I* t a nil ii C. 
The 
Royal 
Dutch 
Navy ordered sauerkraut, or “ /our* kook” se*rve*d on long sea voyages. 
Pilg rim s brought kraut to the New 
World for the* same* rea­ son 
But the saga sauerkraut doesn't the re, according to M il ham R Moore of the Na­ tional Kraut Packers As­ sociation. 
Ihe* pe*op!e* make tons of the* stuff by soaking shredded cabbage i i i salted water until it ferm ents aud pickles i i i its own juices. 
History 
To celebrate the color­ ful history of sauerkraut 
— and to try to sell more of it — kraut packers have* designated Feb. lo lei 17 us “ National Kraut and Frankfurter Week ” 
(Moore* says real kraut alficjonados find the* kraut and franks com ­ bination a rather dull way of eating the stuff ) 
Moore says he prefers a uke kraut juice cock­ tail, followecj bv an ap­ petizer ut shrimp nc*st!eci on a bed of kraut, a sauerkraut and pineap­ ple* salad roast pork anti kraut mixed with apples and caraway seeds. 

 of s l o p 

For dessert after a meal like that, lie likes a piece of thunderbolt sur­ prise take. 
T h at's chocolate cake — with sauerkraut, honest! 
There s even sauerk­ raut lee* cream . Moore swears it tastes great. 
Ile says most kraut lovers consider it hearty wintertime lure aud that sauerkraut m akers would In* just us satisfied if recent freezing temperatures never warmed up. 
They've ftiund that the* colder it gets, the more sauerk­ raut people eat 
More consumed 

This winter has been enough to make the hearts of nation’s kraut m akers sing 
Iii 
December, 
Am erican kraut fans consumed more than 79.ikmi barrels of the briny pickled cab­ bage, compared with a paltry i.VI M M ! barrels dur­ ing last year's warmer 
December. 
Taste, however, is not the only reason Moore and his coworkers think people should love their product. One serving costs only about six cents. 
And on top of that, he cites from Eastern Fu- ropean tradition, eating it supposing brings good luck 

S p a in to »five 

 m on* a in iie s h 

M ADRID — The rescue of two kiduajx'd Spanish officials apparently has enabled the government of Premier Adolfo Suarez to go ahead with efforts to liberalize Spam. in­ cluding the granting of amnesty to more indite al prisoners 

With this zipper-front polyester knit pullover. 
Full fashion collar and top pocket. In a wide assortment of lively colors. 
Completely machine washable. 
S-M-L-XL. A Spring Fashion 
Value at I 5.oo 

WASHINGTON (A P ) — The day after Jim m y Carter pledged to cut government regulations and make them more under­ standable. the Social and R eh ab ilitation Service of the 
Department of Health, Education and Welfare published a new regulation. 
Iii relation to eligibility for welfare, the regulation said: 
“ A state plan under title IV A of the Social Security Act must provide that the determination whether a child has been deprived of parental support or care by reason of his death, eontinued-absence from home, or physical or mental in­ capacity of (if the state plan includes such cases) tho unem- ploymment of his father, will be made only in relation to the child's natural or adoptive parent, or in relation to the child’s stepparent who is ceremonially married to the child's natural or adoptive parent and is legally obligated to support the child under state law of general applicability which requires step­ parents to support stepchildren to the same extent that natural or adoptive parents are required to support their children.” 
That sentence is 12.3 words long. 

Hug thief repents 

CONCORD, N.H. (A P ) — Was it a curse — or just a guilty conscience — that led to the return of a 
$3,IMM) Oriental prayer rug stolen recently from the 
New Hampshire Historical Society? 
/ The rug was found “ all crumpled up" on the steps of an Episcopal church building F riday. The 3-by 
4-foot prayer rug was reported stolen last week by its owner. John Gregorian, from a collection of antique 
Oriental rugs he lent to the historical society. 
"I truly feel the story about the curse must have influenced its return.” said Joyce Gregorian, a member of the owner's family. 
"I would like to know if the person who returned it experienced had luck which promoted the return,” she said, adding, “ I’m just so glad it came hack.” 
No swimsuit needed 

Put a tittle zip into your casual wardrobe this spring 

Page 
I6-A 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
This is more understandable? 

Here is one m an's feelin g s 

An unidentified bather expresses his feelings in the sand on the ocean’s edge on a beach near Los 
Angeles as temperatures edged in to the low 8os Friday. — AP Wirephoto 

EAST ORANGE, N.J. (A P ) - Miss 
Am erica, move over — you've got some com petition. There s a new pageant for women of “ the age of elegance." 
To qualify for the Ms. Essex County 
Senior Citizen Pageant here May IS. a contestant must he female and at least 
H2 years oil! 
The pageant will include talent and evening gown competition and discus­ sion panels. 
“ We are trying to find the inner beauty that often shines more radiant­ ly than the outer beauty,” said Linda 
Hawkins, the pageant’s executive dir­ ector. 

Men’s Shoes 
JOHNSTON & MURPHY 

 reg. 52.5o to 72.5o now 
29.9o to 54.9o 

ENTIRE STOCK NOT INCLUDED 

The Viracle suit by 
Hart Schaffner & Marx 

This vested stripe suit will see you through seasons of wearing pleasure. It s impeccably tailored by 
Hart Schaffner & 
Marx of Viracle* cloth, an exclusive blend of Dacron ' polyester and wool. It s just one from our distinctive 
Escadrille' collection. 
25o.oo 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

Mf*o"’ 

 jtiL yfl' . 
, • * 

^ 
5: ,* 

/ 

/ / 

8Mg 

:SS?S 

/ 

V 
\ 
/ 

■‘ t «r- , ■ T <.mb m jim Ssa 
3 i f i f A i "4 

*<±. jmM 

 ty‘< ., It 

• n\trn 
•* 
! I 
I 
I 

/ I 
I 
A 
I n i 
/ 1 

/ 
It 
1 

I ' mr 
/ 

W&Mm" 
J S jH K - ..J** 

/ ' w v L 

; 
J r J 
*s>" 
/ ;•. .jW 

-.; ji# •'• 
, >' ■# ; «>to A' .aMaw^^WPfc- 

 y 

/ / / 

 k 
/ . 

\ 
I 

'I 
/ 
/ , 
// 7 

,7 

THE 
DRAWSTRING 

We've got string fever" . . . drawstring fever, that is! And when the spring temperatures start to rise, you'll catch it, too! The symptoms are easy comfort, a refreshing newness and added emphasis at the waist line. Here we show a sampling of our tops for juniors in sizes 5-13 and S, M, L, 1o.oo-24.oo; and for misses in sizes S, M, L, 14.oo-2o.oo. Plus one of our sensational drawstring pants, junior sizes 5-13, 
IB.OO. See our complete collections in Junior 
Sportswear and Sun Country Sportswear, Downtown, North Star, Windsor 
I 
- 
I 
T i a* _ 
T T 
? l i 
» 
1 
<* 
« 

 w:*- 
V 

 rv*l 
J 

V. 

\ 
_ r .:3 

A UNIT QI 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Building starts at Ward store 

Kc‘iiiember When "Comics” Were 
"Funnies”? THEY STILL AKE! 

In the Sunday Express-News 

Construction has begun on a $5 million expansion of Montgomery Ward’s retail store in the 
McCreless shopping center, according to J. V. 
.Johnson, the company's metro district manager. 
“ This project reflects our continued confidence in the strength of the San 
Antonio economy,” 
.Johnson said. 
“ The McCreless store has established a broad base of loyal customers since it opened in 19H2 and its sales and earn­ ings, particularly in the last five years, have jus­ tified this effort to im­ prove the shopping faci­ lities we offer our customers.” 
.Johnson said the store’s shopping area will be increased by ap­ proximately 
5o,ooo 

 square feet and the ex­ isting departments com­ pletely renovated. The remodeling and expan­ sion is expected to be completed this fall. 
“ We’ll add more than 
35,ooo square feet to the first floor at the south side of the existing building,” .Johnson said. 
“ Another 17,ooo square feet will be added to the auto service center, in­ creasing the number oft service bays from eight to IK. These will be ar­ ranged in a herringbone design to facilitate ac­ cess.” 
Total gross area of the store will be increased from 1o8,434 to 1oo,8o7 square feet. 
Remodeled depart­ ments will not only be larger, with more com­ fortable, colorful sur­ 

 roundings, they will offer a much wider variety of merchandise. 

As examples. .Johnson cited the fine jew elry department where car­ peting, display cases and comfortable chairs will give customers th? feel of shopping on 
Park 
Avenue. 

“ There w ill be new carpeting throughout the store and the outside of the building will have a completely new look,” 
.Johnson said. 

Besides renovating ex­ isting departments. 
Wards w ill also add a number of new depart­ ments in the McCreless store. 

These include the 
Swiss Colony Cheese shop, with 13o varieties of 

ARTISTS concept of the expansion of W ard McCreless store 

 domestic and imported cheeses; the Flower Gar­ den, a pavilion boutique featuring arrangements of dried flowers; a 
“ Frontier Room” coffee shop and many others. 

Of interest to local area residents is the fact that the remodeled and ex­ panded store will provide employment for ap­ proximately 
IOO addi­ tional people, Johnson 

 noted. 
The McCreless expan­ sion is part of Ward s long-range plan of up­ grading and expanding the shopping facilities for its 
San 
Antonio 

 customers. Johnson said 
Last year, the com­ pany's Wonderland shop­ ping center store was ex­ tensively remodeled with some 1o,ooo squre feet of shopping area added. 

Heavy Aged Beef 
Sirloin Steak 

3-Lbs. or More, Fresh 
Unbleached 
Piggly Wiggly, Grade A 
Ground Beef 
Gold Medal Flour 
Large Eggs 

Doz. 

MEAT BUYS 
MEAT BUYS 
EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 
EVERYDAY LOW PRICE 

 lean Boneless 
Stewing Beet 

Lean. Chuck Quality 
Ground Beet 

M«a»y *1*4 Om i Boneless 
Chuck Roast 

H«avy *|*4 I m ! Boneless 
Chuck Steak 

Heavy Aged Beef 
T-Bone 
Steak 

 lb 

Lb 

Lb. 

 lb 

$ |o 9 

$-| o9 

S-|29 

S-|19 

$ 
1 6 
9 

Htmy *i*4 B**l 
Shoulder Arm Cut 
Swiss Steak 
Ttndt' 
Cube Steak 

Skinned A Deveined, Fresh Cut 
Sliced Beet Liver 

Fillet 
Halibut Steak 

Heat and Eat, Hillshire, 
Regular & Beef 
Smoked 
Sausage 

Lucky Leaf, Cherry 
Pie Filling 

Betty Crocker. All Layer Varieties 
Cake Mix 

Moist Dog Food 
Top Choice 

Delta 
Bath Tissue 
Piggly Wiggly, Light 
Chunk 
Tuna 
*s. 

22-oz. 
Can 

18-oz. 
Box 

36-o2. 
Pkg. 

4-Roll 
Pkg. 

89* 
59c 
S I 25 

SB® 
49c 

3 Minute, Quick 
Oatmeal 

Aunt Jemima 
Pancake Mix 

Pancake and W attle 
Aunt Jemima Syrup 

Krispy 
Sunshine Crackers 
Tomato 
Hunt's 

18-o2. 
Box 59® 
79® 

24 o2. 
S ^ j 1 8 
59® 

2-lb. 
Box 

Btl. 

1 6 -o2 . 
Box 

Ketchup 
Qt. 
Btl.6 9 ° 

C O O K B O O K 
I V i C 
S 
COLLECTION 

 v o l u m e f o u r “ S a l a d ” On Sale Today! 
Only99* 

Y O U ’L L W A N T A L L 18 

Cookie Collection • Casserole Cookbook • Practically Cookless Cookbook • 
Salads & Salad Dressings • Cakes and Pies • Marvelous Meats • Dessert 
Discoveries • Family Style Cookbook • Company Cookbook • Coast-to-Coast 
Cooking • World Wide Cooking • Fish 'n’ Fowl • Show Off Cookbook • Cocktail 
Time Cookbook • Home Baked Breads • Book ot Merry Eating • Picnic & Patio 
Cookbook • Do Ahead Party Book 

Oranges 

1 2 **1 

Frozen Foods 

All Varieties, Pet Ritz, Frozen 
Fruit 
Cobblers 

Piggly Wiggly, Frozen 
Pot 
Pies 
Pkgs. 

Washington 
O' Anjou Pears 

Minipop 
Popcorn in Oil 

Pretty Boy 
Wild Bird Food 

Washington Extra Fancy Golden 
Delicious 
Apples 

Lb. 

19-o2. 
S u e 

5-Lb. 
• • I 

39® 
85® 
79* 

 l l 39* 

 r 

Churngold 
Soft 
Oleo 

Special Buys 

16*oz. 
Tub49* 

Buttermilk or Sweetmil 
Pillsbury 
Biscuits I R O C 
£ E I m . ■ I n l f 

• 1.1 *i*i 
VALUABLE COUPON WORTH *1 OO 
•Mtig ’ rn W M H m ««» a m t 
"ta 

4 HAVILAND oINNER NAPKINS 

*. ► 
SJW 

COUPON GOOD THRU 
FEBRUARY 19. 1977 

IHWMW 

With each $3.oo purchase you are entitled to buy one china stamp for 99‘. A $6.oo purchase entitles you to buy two stamps, etc. Fill a Saver 
Certificate with 3o stamps, and your Piggly 
Wiggly will present you with a gift boxed 2o piece service for four of beautiful Johann Haviland china, in your choice of four beautiful patterns. 
The Total price of your set will be just $29.7o. 
Matching service pieces will be available at special coupon savings during feature weeks. 

Acquire A 2o Piece Set 

WE ACCEPT FEDERAL 
FOOD STAMPS 

Hunt’s 
Tomato Juice 
49® 
46-oz. 
Can 

Who)* Atm#!, Bounty Kist 
Golden Corn 
P,U I( 
Green Beans 

Macaroni and Chaeta 
Kraft Dinners 

 litty 's 
Vienna Sausage 

Van Camp’s 
Pork & 
Beans 

4 >*« *1 
4 'SS *1 

4 ' i ‘. » , 81 

3 & 81 

Cans 

4*1 

■ 
Cans 
1 

Media to meet 

The Society of Jo u rn a­ lists. Sigma Delta Chi, will hold its annual m e­ dia aw ards banquet at 
12:3o p.m. April 3 in the 
A rden 
G rove 
P a r t y 
House. 
The society will p r e ­ sent a w a rd s to local n e w sp a p e r, ra d io and television news men and women for excellence in re p o r tin g an d p h o to ­ graphy during 1978 
The group also will an­ nounce the winner of the 
Paul Busch Award which is presented to a local citizen who has been the m ost co o p erativ e with media people. 

 i n 
/ V o w p / c t / 

G . A. D A V ID S O N , Son 
Antonio a re a general accounting manager at 
Southwestern Bell Tele­ phone Company, as ac­ c e p te d a position with 
AT&T in N e w York. 
FOX PHOTO" 
PRE-INVENTORY 

KODAK 
Tele-lnstamatic 
Camera 

With Normal and 
Telephoto Lenses 

Great idea in pocket cameras. Take a picture with normal lens or with a flick of your finger switch to telephoto for great close ups. Camera also uses the new Flip Flash. Take 4 flash shots, then flip the flash for 4 more shots. Camera has many other improvements over pre­ vious pocket cameras. 

SALE 
PRICED 
CAMERA 
ONLY 

KODAK 
Trimlite 18 
Camera 

Uses New Flip Flash 

New improved pocket camera uses new 
Flip Flash Pop on the Flip Flash, take 
4 pictures, flip flash over and shoot 
4 more1 Takes big color snapshots or color slides. Improved shutter release reduces camera movement and gives sharper pictures. 

SALE 
PRICED 
CAMERA 
ONLY 

 f OX PHO*o 

 ace pioneers to be honored 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 

Seven internationally known pioneers in the aerospace field who live in the San Antonio area will he honored Tuesday by the A m erican In sti­ tute of Aeronautics and 
Astronautics. 
The honors will be gi­ ven at a dinner meeting at 7 p.m. in East Aztec 
Room of the F t. S am 
Houston Officers Club. 
The m e e tin g , w hich will he chaired by Dr. 
II N. Abramson of South­ west Research Institute, will honor these veteran m em bers of AI AA: 
Maj. Gen A. VV. Betts. 
CSA (ret ), vice p re si­ dent of Southw est R e­ search Institute and fur­ 

 ls iiikt 

Local 
D igest 

 merly C hief of Arm y Re­ search and Development; 
Cid Paul A. Campbell. 
IS A K 
( r e t .) fo rm e r com m ander of the School of Aerospace Medicine; 
Col. C a rl J . C ra n e . 

I SAK (ret.) pioneer in instrument Hying; 
Col. Robert D. Spencer. 
USAK (re t.) stru ctu ral analyst; 
Lt. 
Col. 
E d w a rd 
St ric h e r. I SAE (re t.) fo rm e r r e s e a r c h and development coordinator for USAK and the G er­ man Air Force; 
Dr. H u b ertu s Strugh- old, the father of space m e d ic in e and fo rm e r ch ief s c ie n tis t of the 
USAP A erospace M edi­ cal Division; and 
J o h n M 
W a g n e r, a rocket pioneer. 
R eservations may he* m a d e by c a llin g Sue 
M iller. HK4-5111. Ext 
25o4 

 llro k e r of I ho roar 

Busbee Brokerage of San Antonio was recently named I 9 7 6 broker of the year by Calavo 
Growers of California. From left are Busbee s Jack Busbee, Jack Selby and Lyle Larson, and 
Richard 
Ferguson, 
Calavo national frozen food sales manager. 
Calavo, a 
2,6oo-grow er marketing association, sells nationally a full line of fresh tropical and dried fruits, as well as frozen avocado products. 

U nited W ay official p rom oted 

Homer D. Trevino. United Way as­ sociate campaign director in San An­ tonio, has been appointed UW cam ­ paign director in Waco and McClennan counties effective Monday. 
He will be responsible for organizing and c o n d u c tin g th e an n u a l Waco- 
McClennan fund-raising campaign. 
T re v in o is one of 
14 p e rs o n s throughout the nation selected to p ar­ ticipate in a national executive deve­ lopment program 

The total program being conducted for the first tim e by the United Way of 
America, Alexandria, Va., is funded by the W K, Kellogg Co., Eli Lilly Foun­ dation, Rockefeller Foundation and local United Ways 

“ Homer Trevino has served the peo­ ple of San Antonio and Bexar County well during his tune with our I lilted 
Way.” said Dr. Alainaron Wilder t VV executive v ice president 

Mew bridge to open Tuesday 

Five sp eak ers for dairy m eet 

Official opening cerem onies for the new ( arson Street bridge, near the in te rs e c tio n of C arso n and M oore streets, will be at It) a m Tuesday. 
J o in in g 
M ay o r 
Lila 
C o c k re ll. 
Councilman Claude VV Black and other m em bers of the City Council will he civ ie leaders and rep resen tativ es of n e i g h b o r h o o d c o m m u n i t y groups, a c ­ c o r d i n g to Ci t y M gr 
T h o m a s F. 
Iliiebner. 

The reinforced concrete spun. 15o feet long, r e p la c e s an old w ooden stru c tu re across a Southern Pacific 
Railroad spur line serving nearby Et 
Sam Houston 

The bridge is to feet wide and serves two lanes of vehic ular traffic flanked bv pedestrian w alk w ays ll was com plot cd at a cost of $77.45!) iii reve nu e sharing funds 

PRESTIGE 
OFFICE SPACE 

DECORATOR DESIGNED 

IMMEDIATE MOVE-IN 

256o SO FT A/OR 1345 SO FT 

FREI TENNIS COURTS FREE 

HE Al TH H U R FRB PARKING 

NORTHWEST-41o AND HO 

CONROY SQUARE 

342-3127 

Five guest speakers will he featured af the 1977 Southw estern Dairy In­ dustry Conference Sunday through 
Tuesday at the Hilton Falacio del Rio 
Hotel. 

The keynote speaker Monday will he 
Lew is Timberlake, who will talk on the 
“ Anatomy of a Leader.” 

F o llo w in g n ex t will he A lbert 
“ R a ce” Sam ple, a fo rm e r 2o-year 

 prisoner iii Huntsville, who now spends ins time getting ex-offenders lobs and new lives. 
Dr. Don Newbury of Fort Worth will he the luncheon speaker Monday 
T uesday’s speakers will be State 
Sen. Bill Meier of Euless and E. L. 
Tipton, executive assistant of the Milk 
Industry’ Foundation and International 
Assn. of Ice Cream M anufacturers in 
Washington. 

STAM PS A N D C O IN S 
R e w a r d in g h o b b ie s the e n tire fam ily c a n en jo y 

St. Mary’s sets w ork sh op s 

A series of four workshops on “ The 
Working Woman.” will be offered at the St. M ary's University Continuing 
Education ( enter in March 
The workshop w ill he held between 7 p.m. and 9:3(1 p.m. each Monday in 
March beginning March 7 in Room 
Seminar A at the center 
Fee for the workshops is $2o 

The w orkshops are designed for women who are considering entering the labor market or who are employed aud who would like help in coping with m u ltip le re s p o n s ib ilitie s to th e m ­ s e l v e s . their families and their jobs. 
For more information, contact St 
M ary’s University Department of Con­ tinuing Education at 438*3321 
M useum n eed s lecturers 

Tile San Antonio Museum Assn. has issued an imm ediate appeal for volun­ teers to enter a docent training pro­ gram developed for the San Antonio 
Museum of Transportation, H em isFair 
Plaza 
Selected applicants will work in the m useum 's education program , which consists of orienting visitors to tran ­ sportation technology, touring exhi­ bits. and vehicles included iii the permanent collection. 
/ 
Docents arc needed for both week­ days and weekends. 

The m useum has a permanent col­ lection of more than 5o historic auto­ mobiles, num erous horse-drawn c a r­ riages, and displays featuring rail­ roading and aviation. 

Individuals who are interested in b ec o m in g m u s e u m d o c e n ts m a y schedule a preliminary interview by calling David Sim pson, cu ra to r of ed u catio n for the a s so c ia tio n , al 
828-o847 by Fob. 23 

The training program will begin on 
Feb. 28 through March 4 

INSTANT 
STAMP 
COLLECTING 

This W orld W ide Stam p Oufit m akes you into a 
BIG collector instantly1 Outfit contains the loose leaf Now W orld W ide Stam p Album with 
22,ooo stam p spaces and 13,5oo illustrations, 96 p ag e 
G uide to Stam p C ollecting," 3oo foreign stamps, 5o U 
S stamps, packet of historical stam ps, stock book, 15o flags, 14o coats of arm s, hinges, tongs and m agnifier all in one 
| rem arkable outfit' C om plete kit, I S.5o. Album alone, 8.95. 

Starter sets of coins 
INDIAN CENTS. 12 different d ates before 191o 
9.95 

LINCOLN CENTS. 6o different consisting of 
2o "P" Mint before 1946 including the 1943 steel cent 2o D Mint belute 1956 an d 2o "S 
Mint before 1956 
9.95 
LIBERTY NICKELS, 
IO difiorent d ates and limits l<el I 
6.95 
UNITED NATIONS, 
36 com s from 
36 I) N countries, in brilliant new condition 
3.9o, 

 m w . 

J O S H E ’S 
A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

STAMP AND COIN 
DEPARTMENT, MAIN 
FLOOR, DOWNTOWN 

♦ - P l mmi m wk 

33 CONVENIENT Q Q 
LOCATIONS TO SERVE YOU 

 e*u 2 2 6 - 6 3 1 1 

FOR THE STORE NEAREST YOU 

Ju d son grads honored 

Two 1978 Judson High School graduates have been named Young Texan and Young Texanne for 1978. 
Young Texan is Steve Stine, son of Mr. un J Mrs. 
Samuel O. Stine of 311 Cordoba St. iii Universal City. 
Stine currently attends Texas A&M University. 
Young Texanne is Sharon Pike. daughter of Mr. and Mrs Bobbie R. Like of 2527 Crown Lane. She currently attends San Antonio College. 
Each w inner receives a trophy and a $1,ooo scholarship 
The awards arc made each year by the Young 
Texan-Texanne Foundation in cooperation with the 
Optimist Clubs of Texas. 

SASH exec is consultant 
Jean Sweeney, volunteer services coordinator at 
San Antonio State Hospital, has been appointed one of two Texas consultants for the .National Center for 
Voluntary Action in Washington, DC. 
Sweeney will assist anyone who needs help in any phase of v o lu n teerin g said Jean Beasley oi Austin, regional consultant for Texas. O klahom a, New 
Mexico, Arkansas and Louisiana 
The SASH coordinator is one of ten consultants in the five stales. 
Sweeney will attend the first meeting of all state consultants in Dallas Thursday and Friday. 
Before joining SASH five years ago. Sweeney was director of (he Voluntary Action C enter in San 
Antonio. 
She holds a m aster s degree in microbiology from the University of Chicago and a m aster's degree in allied health adm inistration from Southwest Texas 
Slate University. 
“ With her m any years of experience in the volunteer field, we know Ms. Sweeney’ will In* a big asset to the group,” said Beasley 

 l^o^isticfc expert returns 

The deputy director of the Logistics Plans and 
Program Directorate at Air Force H eadquarters iii 
Washington, I) (’., has been named vice com m ander of the San Antonio Air Logistics Center at Kellv 
AFB. 
Col. Theodore D. Broadwater, a brigadier general selectee, is expected to report to his new assignment as second iii com m and of the large logistics center 
Tuesday. 
Broadwater served as depot supply officer in the 
Air Force Cryptologic Depot. USAK Security Ser­ vice. at Kelly in 1984 
A native of Isaliella, Pa., the 48-year-old Broad­ water l>egan his military career upon commission­ ing through the University of Pittsburgh ROTT program in 1952. 
Arthritis group m ov es 

The Arthritis Foundation. South Central Texas 
Chapter, has moved to HOOD V antage Drive No. HIK 
The new phone num ber Is 349-o171. 
Jam es E U»w. executive director of the founda­ tion. said tile new loca­ tion will provide room for volunteer workers. 
% 
I ii a d d i t i o n , se c u rity guards arc now available for m e e t i n g s , w o r k s h o p s and o th er gatherings 

Y o u ’ll be am azed at the interesting jobs offered in today *8 
Want Ada! 
Coll 225-1666 

A Gary pool can make you forget i t ... 

It 's not hot yet, folks, hut oh, those Texas summers are comm 7 
There ’s one way for sure you can heat the heat. At the same time your backyard will look super, your wife and kids will think you re the greatest, you ll stay fit and you ll have a barrel of fun 
All this with a Clary pool. ll s easier than you think Anti less expensive, too, 
Call us and we ll give you the cool facts about a Gary pool for you, 

 iru 
Jo A ach l'I 

VIV AVR AZO Al Is IIN A? I MLM? 
I I I N I La of* J IO Nm Auh mio. I Clit* 
341-3331 

2o% 
Off woven woods. 

Choose from our entire line, in dozens of colors and combinations of wood slats and textury fabric. These blinds make interesting finishing touches for windows; serve as room dividers too. 
And now they’re savings priced 

Sale prices effective through Saturday. 

JCPenney Custom Decorating Service 
C a ll 6 5 4 -1 5 5 o 
JCPenney 

South Pork Moll and Windsor Pork Moll 

Baddies keep brewing up plots 
VALENTINE’S DAY 
SPECIAL 
FILET M IGNON 
(bacon w ra p p e d ) 
£ 2.99 

Ours is w orthy of its nam e. 

It's the king of steaks. A generous cut of luscious filet mignon wrapped in bacon. Plus potato and Sizzler toast. 
All at a bargain price. You won’t believe how good it is until you've tried it. 

• 462o lroadway 
• Hwy. 9o et Military Or. 
• 14o2 SJL Military Or. 
• Verne Jackson at Loop 41o 
SUN. MKS. 11 AJL-9 PJL 
• Broadway at loop 41o tai * SAT. 11 AJL-16 PJL 

JCPenney Custom Decorating Service 
Call 6 5 4 -1 5 5 o 
JCPenney 

1977 JCPenney Co. Inc 

2o% 
Off custom blinds. 

Save on our entire Im of decorative narrow- slat blinds in a designer collection of colors Use them solo in contemporary rooms, teamed with draperies in tradi­ tional rooms. Try all one color or combina­ tions All 2o% off now. 

Sal* prices effective through Saturday. 

Charge it, or use our convenient 

 layaway plan. 

Only 9.99 

Three fashion styled dresses of 
1oo% polyester in solid pastel colors. Short and long sleeve. Make your choice from V-neck, scoop neck or cowl neck. 

Two great 1oo% polyester pantsuits. Long sleeve in solid colors. Slacks have elastic waist band. Button front jackets. All specially priced to save you money. priced to save you money. 
JCPenney 

McCreless • Northwest * South Park • Windsor Park * Terrell Plaza • Downtown 

D id you miss y ou fa ­ vorite soap opera last tr e e k ? H e r e a r e th e h i g h l i g h t s o f la st 

Ireek's episodes. 
ALL MY CHILDREN; 
Chuck insisted Little Phil c o u l d n ’ t m ov e in with 
Phil and Tara after the child had an asthma at­ ta c k. P hoeb e a c c u se d 
C hristina of t r y i n g to ruin P aul and A n n e 's m a r r i a g e . E r i c a toyed with 
J e ff. 
Nick and 
Mark. Kitty convinced 
Mrs. Lum to return to 
Pine Valley. 

ANOTHER WORLD; 
Olive returned to Bay Ci­ ty with John , but Ra y told her there would be no divorce at John’s ex­ pense. Iris sp rea d r u ­ m ors about Dave and 
Rachel. Mac offered Burt a job and J e ff asked 
Clarice to put in a good word with Mac for a job 
B uss prom ise d not to mistreat Sharlene. but she sta yed with Alice. 
Darryl influenced Mar- y anne to see the light about Olive. 

AS 
THE 
WORLD 

TERNS: Lisa opened her big mouth to V a l e r i e about C liff’s attempted seduction of Him. Val accused Rim of spread­ ing m ore lies and got cozy with Bob. John and 
Pat rented a house out­ side of town and made plans to kidnap Andy while he 's with Carol. 
Susan got drunk by her­ self when there was no one to celebrate the com­ pletion of her research project with. 

DAYS OF OCR LIVES: 
Jeri changed her mind 

Scop 
Opera 
Revlew 

By JoN-MICHATL REED 

 about taking Laura off 
Trish’s case when Trish went berserk. Karl told 
Marlena that S h a ro n ’ s tales about his unfaith­ fulness are a fantasy . 
Robert and 
R e b e c c a maintained separate be­ drooms. Doug and Julie fought when he gave Jon a st e ad y job. M ic k ey warned tr ish she’d wind up as he did if she r e ­ fused to ha ve further sodium nentathol s e s ­ 

 sions. Laura asked Val to be ber assistant 
THE DOCTORS. Steve asked Ann to marry him a fte r she s u c c e s s f u l l y performed an emergency t r a c h e o to m y on 
S t e ­ phanie. Paul returned from a visit with Stacy in 
Canada to learn that his retarded son had died. 
M.J. took a leave of ab­ sence. 
THE 
EDGE 
OF 
NIGHT: 
As the police w ere r ea d y to raid 
D a r c y ’ s island, Nicole was reported missing. 
Mike w a s convinced 
Nancy worked for Saxon because she loves Beau. 
Josie ga v e L au r ie the run-around about 
T im m y . Geraldine s u g ­ gested to N adin e that they could match Kevin with Raven. 
G ENERAL 
HOSPI­ 
TAL: 
Jeff told Heather he can’t marry her. even though sh e 's preg nant with his child, because he reconciled with Monica. 
L esley found a bitter 
Laura in a Can adian 

 commune. Diana worried about Mike’s recurring nightmares. 
GLIDING LIGHT: Rita freaked out when R a y ­ mond gave the D A. an incriminating letter she feared would expose her relationship with Roger. 
Jackie apologized to Evie and asked her to return to work. 
LOVE OF LIFE: Feli­ cia decided against an abortion, but procrastin­ ated telling Charles. Cal found M ia 's telephon e number in Ben's coat and suspected that, the trou­ ble between Ben and 
B ets y w as “ this other woman.’ ’ 
ONE LIFE TO LIVE: 
Kevin is being cared for by the couple Cathy left him with, but they’re re­ luctant to call tho police. 
Larry dated a new doc­ tor, Gail Dexter, but later tore Karen a w ay from 
Alan. 
Sem i your ifUPntions about nooft opera* lit “ J u n e In To- m orrow ." I *. IL Itnx H I T I . 
>o11 I a io n in. le x . TU JU T. 

Five styles 
One price. 

Th© Curve Cut special 8 .8 8 . For men and women. Get liberated hair with a no-nonsense cut that always keeps its shape. Blow dry, conditioner included. 
Balsam Plus special 1 2 .8 8 . Gives soft, long-lasting curl with built-in bolsam protective conditioners. Shampoo, cut, styling included. 
M o n ., Tues., W eds. on ly. C harge It. Phone 9 2 3 -5 4 6 1 or 6 5 4 -1 5 6 5 

The JCPenney Styling Salon 

South Park Mall and Windsor Park Mall 

C’1977 JCPenney Co . Inc 

Why wait to look great? 
Cut up or curl up at very special prices. 

• l i f t JCPenney Co. Inc 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. J 3 1977 
Trinity speaker set 
The Panel show. 
Starring 
, mm show-off 
III \ bW sheers. 

Dr. John M anning, p rofessor of read in g instruction in the University of Minnesota graduate school, will speak on “ Disciplined Minds. Thought­ ful Hearts, and Effective Reading P rog ram s” 
Monday at Trinity University. 
The free public lecture will begin 8 p.m. in Laurie 
Auditorium. 
Dr. Manning’s lecture is presented by Trinity's education department in partnership with Alamo 
Heights. ( luster IV, Harlandale, East Central. 
Edgewood, Judson, Military Cooperative, North 
East, Northside, San Antonio and South San Antonio independent school districts. 
Dr. Manning is the fourth speaker this year in the co-sponsored distinguished lecturer series which brings well known authorities to speak to Bexar 

You know it's our 
Happy Home Sale when you can save 2.56 sq. yd on this rich 
^ p lu s h . Installed 
. 7 / '/JA I 

DR. JO H N M A N N IN G 

 one m ay have set a record 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS 
HONG KONG - Hong 
Kong is a long way to go to get baptized and Re­ gina Nicole Schultz of 
San Antonio will not re­ member anyway. 
But in a most unusual cerem ony 
Regina, daughter of Lt. fig .) and 
Mrs. Clarence VV. Schultz of 5654 G reen Manor 
Drive, was baptized re­ cently on board the guid­ ed missile destroyer USS 
Decatur in Victoria Har­ bor. 
The b a p tism , p e r­ formed by the Rev. Fer­ gus T. Cronin, is believed to be the first ever held aboard a U.S. Naval ves­ sel in Victoria Harbor. 
R egina's godparents are the ship's command­ ing officer and his wife. 
Cmdr, and Mrs. James 
D. Korthe. 

Schultz is assigned to the ship's engineering d e p artm e n t and was visited by his wife and d au g h ter du rin g the ship's port visit to Hong 
Kong. 

The D ecatur's home port is San Diego. 

Sheer ’Marselles' 

 panel of polyester 

 knitted ninon. 

Machine 

 washable, 

 needs no 
O d l t ; sq. yd 
Reg. $16 Sq. Yd. Step on subtly elegant plush of heat-set nylon with durable yarn and texture retention. In six tone-on tone colors. #17oo 

 ironing 

J 
Charge it, or use 

 our convenient lay 

 away plan. 

Coloring winners chosen 

The coloring competi­ tion for the E xpress- 
News -Suntikos FREAKY 
FRIDAY coloring contest was fast and furious as hundreds of kids from all over the city sent in their entries. 

58x81 

Lisbon' tailored 

 panel curtain in 

 soft solid colors. 

Decorates any 

 room in the house 

For those enlightened one. FREAKY FRIDAY is the name of the newest 
Walt 
Disney m ovie, scheduled to start in San 
Antonio at Century South and 
N orthw est 
Six 
Theaters on Friday. 

It s a riotous comedy about a m other and daughter who, on a very strange Friday, switch places! 

In the Up to ll Years 
Category 
— 
FIRST 
PLACE, Louise Set tree. 
9. Box 469 i i i New Braun­ fels who’ll be awarded a 
Freaky F riday t-shirt plus six show tickets; 
SECOND PLACE. Josie 
Sharon Gutierrez, 9. 139 
Inez St., who's won 4 show tickets; THIRD 
PLACE. Sandra Wise. IO. 
Route I, Box 1o9 ll in 
B ulverde. two show tickets; and FOURTH 
PLACE. Duane Nadeau 
II. 6. 118 E. Perineter, and Natalie Ashner. 6, 
1915 Oakline. who tied for fourth place and who will both receive two show tickets. 

Iii the 11-14 Y ears 
Category 
— 
FIRST 
PLACE. Selma Mambo, 
14. 334 Topeka, lias won a 
Freaky F riday t-shirt aud six show tickets; SE- 
COND PLAC E. Angela 
Escarcno. 51o Yukon. 12. a t-shirt and four show tickets: THIRD PLACE. 
Lisa G arcia. 13. 3811 
B riar Hill, two show tickets; and FOURTH 
PLACE. Lynn F itz g er­ ald. 13. 429 Argo, two show tickets. 

Winners are asked to pick up their prizes at the 
Express-New s, Avenue' E and Third St., Room 596, from 8:3o a.m. to 5:3o p.m . Monday through 
Friday. 

More great savings 
Sale 9.99 sq. yd. 
Reg. $12 sq. yd. Wall-to-wall multi-color in rich plush nylon pile that s soft underfoot. An easy-care fashion tweed that wears well. #13oo 
4ox81 
' J C I I C 
I f m kJ Z ) sq. yd. v a l e 
I O . * I ■ I sq. yd. 

Reg. $21 sq. yd. Put a touch of class into your Reg. $15 sq. yd. Drama it’s our bold cut ’n loop decor with this plush polyester pile Dense for nylon carpeting with longer performance Resists more luxurious comfort underfoot. In 21 eye- pilling and fuzzing; excellent pattern retention, catching colors. #1ooo 
In 14 colors #534o 

Includes carpeting, quality padding, 
Sale 14.44 sp. yd. 

Rea. $17 sq. yd. Feel the softness of this subtle color plush In durable nylon Resists pilling and fuzzing; features softness and comfort #27oo 

Zenith' Floral print 

 panels to brighten 

 up any room. 
6ox84 

‘Victoria Lace' classic 

 lace panel in polyester 

 tor a dainty look that’s 

 durable, too. 
Sale prices effective thru Saturday. 
For Shop at Home carpet service call: 923-5461 or 654-155o 
JOPenney 

McCreless e Northwest e South Parke Windsor Parke Terrell Plaza e Downtown 
South Park Mall • Windsor Park Mall 

\ 
I 

\ 

J.S.D .A. C herie. 
PIR EYE 
Bm I PP K I K 
STEAKS 

AD EFFECTIVE SUN., FEB. 13 
OPEN S U N D A Y IO AM -6 PM 
EXCEPT STORE N O . 3o CENTRAL PARK 
C L O S tD S U N D A Y _________ 

^ 
H A N D Y A N D Y I 

WE RESERVE THE RIGHT 
TO LIMIT QUANTITIES. 
WE ACCEPT 
FOOD STAMPS______________ ______________ 

< 
CHS WHY U .S.D .A.C H O KE BEEF. 

U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF . . . IS THE ULTIMATE IN TEN­ 
DERNESS, JUICINESS, AND FLAVOR. IT HAS ABUNDANT 
MARBLING - FLECKS OF FAT WITHIN THE LEAN - 
WHICH ENHANCES BOTH FLAVOR AND JUICINESS. CHOICE 
ROASTS AND STEAKS ARE UNEXCELLED FOR DRY - HEAT 

COOKING - ROASTING AND BROILING. 

Windsor Homes debut gets strong response from hundreds in S.A. 

W IN D S O R H O M E S fe a tu re d in b o th B risto l P lace a n d B ria rw ic k this w e e k e n d 
Country atmosphere, homes on wooded lots highlight Tanglewood 

Since their recent opening. 
Windsor hom es has received most favorable response from the hundreds who have visited them. 
One visitor co m m e n t e d , “ Windsor homes are definitely quality b u ilt.“ 
His wile added her delight with the spacious garden kitchen. 
Combined top priorities 
There are definite reasons for Wind­ sor homes’ popularity After re search­ ing what todav s b u ye rs consid ered most important in a new home. Wind­ sor Homes combined top priorities 
Quality is emphasized, buyers would prefer to pay a little extra than have to fa ce r e p l a c e m e n t s i i i two to th re e veal s. That 's whv Windsor Homes uses 

 only high g r a d e m a t e r ia l s that will give m a x i m a l life to your home. S u ­ perb craftsmanship and close attention to detail are more contributions to your home s durability. 

Many people P un their new home after having lived in a luxury a p a r t ­ ment for several years In that time, they have grown a cc u s to m ed to lux­ uries like c a rp etin g , fir e p la c e s and c e n t r a l heat and a ir ; so. W in d s o r homes include these features, as well as others very, very few apartm en ts offer; sunken living areas, cathedral ceilings, indoor utility rooms, m aste r suites with sitting rooms and garden kitchens with serve-outs Ii* backyard patios. 

Speakin g of kitchens, they include 

 range, vent hood, dishwasher and dis­ poser for m a x i m a l convenience and efficiency 

Windsor Homes builds creatively for you. The firm s research has revealed the most preferred floor plans; to these plans they have added innovations that have re c e iv e d p o p u l a r a c c e p t a n c e . 
Mach Windsor home is built iii such a way that you. too. can add your own cr e a m ity. 
You'll find W inds or h o m es in the most desirable are as of town 
Model ho m es a r e open in each a r e a until dark 
To reach Bristol Place, take \ Iv III 
•I) to Rittim an Hood and turn east. 
Briarwick can be reached by exiting 
V K . Loop 41(1 and turning north on 
Wetmore Hoad 

San Antonians art* deciding 
1977 is the year they’ve been waiting for in their hopes and d r e a m s for a new home, and those dreams are coming true in 
Ray Ellison’s Tanglewood, with its beautiful wooded countryside a tm o s p h e r e and its splendid con tempo ra ry designs. 
Located within easy driving distance of the neighboring L T S A cam pus, the i m p o s i n g US AA c o m p l e x a nd the splendid medical facilities of the South 
Texas Medical Center, Tanglewood is at the heart of the dynamic movement m a r k i n g S an A n t o n io 's t h r u s t i n g northwest growth 
Amid gracious oaks 

At th(* sa m e time. Tanglewood offers the p e a c e f u l s e r e n i t y of c a r e f r e e country living amid gracious oaks and 

 rolling landscapes. 
Innovative, contemporary designs by 
Hay 
E l l i s o n a r c h i t e c t s m a k e 
Tanglewood an interesting c o m b i n a ­ tion of three- and four-bedroom, one- and two-story homes beginning in the low 4os and available with YA, EHA and conventional financing. 
F i r e p l a c e s featured in most plans bring c r a c k li n g w arm th and ru stic glamor to crisp Tanglewood evenings. 
But rustic ch arm is mixed with con­ tem porary convenience iii beautiful, functional k it c h e n s that t r a n s f o r m cooking chore s into culin ary a d v en ­ tures. Rich, handcrafted wood cabin­ etry; self-cleaning, double-oven elec­ tric ranges; dishwashers and disposer units: and st a i n l e s s steel sin ks and fixtures all combine to allow kitchen chores to be performed with more fun and less fatigue. 
Although the benefits of Tanglewood livin g a r e m a n y and v a r i e d for 

 housewives and mothers, children and teenagers from the wooded subdiv ision enjov o u t s t a n d in g e d u c a tio n a l f a c i ­ lities of the Northside School District, along with interesting and diverse so­ cial pro gram s and extracurricular a c ­ tivities for young people of all ages 
For weekend or evening recreation in the great 
Tanglewood out­ doors. tennis courts and s w i m m i n g pool a r e n e a r b y . F o r th o s e w h o se entertainment tastes lean to the night life, discotheque dancing and unique cuisine abound in exciting northwes­ tern San Antonio, with the most popu­ lar spots located only minutes away via expressways. 
To I each the Tanglewood sales office where professional and courteous Hay 
Ellison re pre se ntativ es are ready lo assist you, drive out NAV 
III ll) past 
NAN 
Loop 41o to De /av ala Road and follow it west until you reach the dis­ tinctive Tanglewood entrance. 
T A N G L E W O O D is d e stin a tio n o f e x o d u s fro m c ra m p e d city liv in g to h o m e s in co u n try 
J 

\ 

NEW HOMES 
T O W N H O M ES 
APARTMENTS £ 

J 

San Antonio EXPRESS NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Page 
I -C 

CO M M U NITIES 
FOR ALL K IN D S 
OF LIFESTYLES 
AV-TTfo LARGEST CLASSIFIED AND REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS q 

CLASSIFIED CW SP I AT 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSlFlCD D U H AV 
TukBiFilo^iiRAY" 
TWTOFIfD W5W1T 
T t o t n n d is p l a y 
CLASiiFiiD h o u r 
C l A S IH IID b iSP I A r 

MOST POPULAR! 

Ray Ellison’s most successful, best-selling design! 

Split bedroom plan for privacy • Fully car­ peted • Self-cleaning range in all electric kitchen • Privacy fence & patio • Beauti­ ful, quiet cul-de sac location. 

Northside Schools • Area swimming pool and tennis courts • In the UTSA, USAA 
Medical Center area • Easy access to expressways. 

NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

•Cash price: $38,1oo. No down payment and no closing costs VA mortgage $38,1oo. 36o equal monthly principal and interest payments of 
$279 65 for 3o years at 8 % Annual Percentage 
Rate 
Principal & Interest 
$279.65 
Taxes (City, County, State, School) 
87 35 
Insurance 
19oo 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$386 OO fWn it's all in 
_ adangleuiood by HHH 
Ray Ellison 
Homes 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p m. Take IH IO west to the DeZavala exit and follow the signs 
Phono 696-81 7o 

.zjoindsorz homes 

B U IL D IN G C R E A T IV E L Y 
FO R Y O U 

PAYMENT 
JUNE! 

$ 317* month 

EQ 

- L I—I 

74o1 Pipers Lane 

684-7o47 

MI UH OOM 

* 
( 
J br 
U 

ABased on purchase price of $33,6oo , no down payment, 36o equal payments at 8% VA financing. 

• NO CITY TAXES 
• NORTHSIDE SCHOOLS 
• NO DOWN, VA 
• NO CLOSING COSTS 

F E D D E R S 
MAGIC CHEF fo r rest Q lea 

 nnnnmnc nnnnnnnr 
□nnnnnnr 

Page 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. I 3 19l l 
CLASSIFIC W SALAT 
CLASSIFICD DISPLAY 
C LA S S IC O DISPLAY 

 im r n * 
:*yQi ' : 'I .-; i v ii 
'M 
' v t 
;j v 

■■•.ii’nV -.in HiiL'. :»n. JU,f 1; 

 fdffninnFlTTTTiJTfrr t 

FREEDOM 
HOME models are open in four San Antonio communities 

Freedom Homes are still affordable 

WE JUST LOVE OUR BRICK] 
FIREPLACE 

Af La Plaza Apartment> stunt- of oar standard amenities in­ clude separate Limits and single section • tennis courts • free membership to Racquetball (Huh • large icalk-in closets • tiro pools. sauna and health Auh • security sen ice • and covered assignat pinking • anne lit << a itll us at La Plaza, you ll enjoy the lifestyle tee offer. 

The affordable home? 
Is it just a myth these days? 
It’s for real. and. in­ deed, it is a reality that not only exists but awaits the young families long­ ing to set themselves free 
— yearning to set them­ selves free from renting to enter an environment that gives them a true sense of belonging. 

Freedom Homes 
What these young fa­ milies need to discover are Freedom Homes by 
Morton/Southwest. 
Morton/Southwest, one of the more successful building 
- developing firms in recent years, had to undertake much research and experimentation to find the right home for those misled by the pessimism that maintained the average American fami­ ly on the way up might have to wait forever to buy a new house. 
Not only that, because 
Morton/Southwest has built these kind of homes in communities which more than satisfy the needs and desires of those looking for a home affordable today. 
In these ways, families who have had to rent ac­ 

 tually sacrifice nothing at all when they buy and move into a new Free­ dom Home by Morton/ 
Southwest. In fact, they gain all they’ve ever wanted in the way of a nice place to live! rills is because Free­ dom Homes feature all the frills modern fa­ milies hav e come to ex­ pect in a new house. 
Ibis. indeed, is inst one of the maiiv reasons 
I* reed nm Homes hav e become so popular 
Their three- and four- bedroom plans include two complete baths and other fine features gen­ erally sought by home buyers today, and. as it happens, they don't fall short of anyone's expec­ tations, instead, they ex­ ceed them considerably. 
These affordable houses are loaded with surprises because of their extremely moder­ ate price range begin­ ning as low as $28,5oo. 
Fan try kit idle ns fea­ ture the right kind of ap­ pliances to lessen the workload for today's homemakers. 
Dish­ washers. disposers, ranges with hoods and abundant cabinetry are provided among Free­ 

 dom Homes. All ap­ pliances carry the relia­ ble Magic Chef brand name. 
Other extras Morton/ 
Southwest has made available to bargain hunters are wall-to-wall closets with storage space extending all the way to the ceiling and sliding doors of panel designs, finished two-ear garages, utility anil work areas, patios with sliding glass doors, clever blends of masonry and wood worked into strik­ ing exteriors, carpeting buyers can choose, effi­ cient Friedrich central air and heat systems and, in most, woodburning fireplaces. 
Freedom Homes are featured in Lakeside, 
V alley Forge, Cimarron and a recent addition to 
Valencia. 
They are represented by fur­ nished, decorated models in most of these residential areas. 
Lakeside, a southeas­ tern Bexar County area ideally suited to active, reereattonal lifestyles, lives up to its name with an actual lake for boating 
.and fishing. Other amen­ ities are a park by the lake, tennis courts, a 

 swimming pool and playground. 
Valley Forge, a resi­ dential community uni­ quely arranged in north­ eastern San Antonio, carries over a Bicenten­ nial theme and offers a svv miming fool, tennis courts and clubhouse. 
Cimarron, a northeas­ tern Bexar County area by Universal City and its many shopping and en­ tertainment facilities, yields almost immediate access to a number of recreational amenities. 
Valencia, a long estab­ lished community, has 

 just opened a series of 
Freedom Homes. 
Valley Forge and Va­ lencia, each in the North 
East School District, can be reached by driving north of N E. Loop 41o on 
Nacogdoches Road. Signs lead the way to each. 
Cimarron, in the .Jud­ son School District, can be found bv exiting from 
N E . HI 35 to N.E. EM 
1oo4 and following the signs. 
Lakeside, in the East 
.Central School District, can bi* found by exiting from S.E. Loop 41o onto 
U.S. Hwy. 87 and going 
Career day slated 

K EESE HENRY 

Reese Henry id' San 
Antonio, president of the 
Texas Association of 
Realtors, will keynote the 
Feb. IO “ real estate car­ eer day” at the Universi­ ty of Texas in Austin. 
The fifth annual se­ minar will feature talks bv mortgage bankers, rural land brokers, land developers and planners and residential and in­ dustrial realtors. 
The session begins at 9 a.rn. at the .Joe C. 
Thompson Conference 
Center. 

C LA S S IC O DISPLAY 
C l ASSI! MO DISPLAY 
C L A M im o DISPLAY 
C LA S S IC O DISPLAY 
CLASSIFICD DISPLAY 

 east to the marked en­ tranceway. 

CLASSIFICD DISPLAY 

L A P L A Z A 

115 NORTHWEST LOOP 41o 
ACROSS FROM N O R TH STAR W AIL 

341-4621 

Enjoy 

Hill Country 

Living 

 in Northwest San Antonio in beautiful Oak Creek. 
Our premium homes range from 1 48,5oo to 
$9o,ooo on large wood­ ed homesites. Customized homes available for im­ mediate mo vein. 
Please visit our professionally decorated models today! 
- Furnished 
Models Open 
Daily 

4 

BPMECRAF 

 hoasand Oaks! 

IA 

A n o th e r nam e fo r Q u a lity I 

Designed for Family Living in an Elegant, Coun­ try-like Atmosphere 

 br 4 

This spacious, 
4- bedroom, 
2-bath home provides 2,4o2 ft. of living space. One of the many luxury extras is a Game 
Room loft overlooking the family-living room below. 

WORM trl 

;— 
J °* 
I 

M E R O O M 
I 

 b 

Can you get MORE 
Than your 
Moneys worth? 

YES. We have a new Success floor plan with a built-in bonus— an extra room for your family to grow into when the time comes. At no extra cost! 

Second Floor Plan 

COMPARE! these features are standard and included in the price— NOT OPTIONS! 

BFDRm. 
#2 

SEDUM 
*3 

 j 
PATIO 
"sedum 
*4 

 sinfno 
I w a*' 
DINING I B R E A K F A S T 
ROOM I NOOR 

FAMltY 
ROOM 

 rk'fst 

 ply 

2 CAR GARAGE 

First Floor Plan 
L 

26o7 TURKEY OAK 

Builder: Olmos Home Builders 
Price: $73,9oo 

Homes are open from IO a.m. until dark. Prices begin at $5o,ooo. Other builders: M. A. Scholl En­ terprises, 
Great 
America 
Corporation, 
Clint 
Weilbocher, Victor Oehier, Carlton Church, Peter 
Schinker. 

I 
3 & 4 Becoom* 

■ 2 hand-crafted ceramic tile baths 

■ Wood-burning fireplaces 

■ 2-car Finished Garages 

S Rich Shag Carpeting in 
Living Room, Master 
Suite, and Hallway 

 am 

All Electric Kitchen with 
Self-cleaning Range 

Large family-size Patios 

Energy-efficient 
Friedrich air conditioning in attic to give you more space & quiet. 

Privacy fence 

CiMAMON n ■ me gets xlmw mutism Sot Agism* Hi 
•emf tram S h hmm vt lim ary H t s § t a ftmu '• rata Cimarron ii v^LraAa4 im o laia^i^i^i suiiMntit hy raNi^i^| Altti tet, 

 i ’l ta m anu al iv t a IWV lin y N m * te e m N igh School, t a ggin g, ta IJS ta U t M M w rit m aw et ta m m gradual ta m 

 jNRtiuMi hmm* in Inn 

*43,85o 

NO RAYMENT ’TIL JUNE 
NOTHING DOWN VA 
•% VA FIN ANC INO 
EHA A CONV. AVAILASU am 

NT' rn 
% 
I 

Friedrich 
COTTRILL SS* CUKDmOW«G 

INST ALLIO RT 
GEORGE SMITH, INC. 
O f SAN ANTONIO 

K 

>.\itit 

*rn ng: 

 master suite 

NMNNMN| mumm tin J 
" b l C 

IE 

 porch 

I HOUSAND 
OAKS 

\ 
I** «w / 

Atae HAS 

1(Ad e I r s m y 

I ggf *4 

\ 
Ti r w f f a rn 
W r M 

 lr * / ' / 

^ 
SSSSi* 
: * V 
J I m 
I rn i i c i M m o P ) 

FURNISHED MODELS OPEN DAILY TIL DUSK 
658-4793 

Only we can give you more than your moneys' worth. 

Morton / Southwest 
(Out of town call Collect) 
Write; P.O. Box I 8428 
San Antonio, Texas 78286 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

------ CvASSWtD PHytAY 
CLASSIFIES DISPUTE™ 
Woodslone 
TOTAL 

Easy financing terms on 
Homecraft 
Corp. houses in Woodstone w ill be among the building- developing firm ’s high­ lights for home hunters this weekend. 
The northeastern San 
Antonio community is where the interest rate for VA home loans is as low as 8 per cent. Other advantageous VA terms here include a total move-iti cost of only $l to qualified veterans. 
Fully furnished, pro­ fessionally decorated model homes are show n by Homecraft in Wood- stone. 
Homecraft is introduc­ ing a series of new homes priced lower than other 
Woodstone homes. 
While some builders’ homes start around 
$4o,ooo Homecraft has a series of masonry homes as low as $3o,95o. 
Homecraft recently in­ troduced two particularly affordable models, the 
Americana and the Cali­ fornia Spanish. 
Homecraft opened tilt' 
Americana as tin* first two-story model in 
Woodstone. It features 

Conventional 
On Selected Homes 
$ 7 OO 
-L 
Total Move-In VA 

HOMECRAFT o ffe rs som e o f th e lo w e s t priced hom es in W o o d s to n e 

 three bedrooms, includ- rooms and two baths, its carpet, color-coordinated at this time, ing a master suite, and a floor plan includes a wall coverings and 
Homes in Woodstone fourth w hich may be master suite with walk-in all-electric kitchens with are built on wooded lots used as a study or parlor, closet, kitchen with sen- dishwashers, disposers fronting on paved streets 
The plan also includes mg bar to the familv-liv- and Magic Chef ranges with concrete curbs. Cit* l l 2 baths and two-car ing room and sliding with continuous-clean lities are underground garage. glass doors to the back- ovens. 
Woodstone. in tin’ 
Boasting a touch of Old yard sundeck 
Conventional financing North East School Dis- 
Mexico, the California 
Homecraft features are terms on 
Homecraft ti n t, is reached by tak- 
Spanish belongs to the displayed iii tin* other houses in Woodstone also mg N E III35 to Judson new housing series Ho- three models, too. They art’ offered for non-ve- Hoad, proceeding west mecraft premiered about include wood-burning lorans or veterans who toward 
Nacogdoches 
I ' 2 years ago. fireplaces, boxed win- don’t wish to use their 
Hoad and following tin* 
Featuring two bed- dows, wood cabinets, \ \ home loan privileges signs 

 x w E B B S B ^ s s e s s s s is ^ B S B B B B ie e e tim k 
NORTHWEST SAN ANTONIO’S FINEST COMMUNITY 

Twin Creek has country setting 

Professional planning by Homecraft Corp. has made Twin Creek one of the fastest growing com­ munities in the area. 
The northwestern Bex­ ar County development opened in the tall of 1973. 
Streets in the neigh­ borhood necessitate slow traffic and house exter­ iors create a blending of colors and styles. 
The community fea­ tures a private club­ house. with fenced, lighted tennis courts, a swimming pool, wading pool, clubhouse with kit­ chen. and a playground 
Although surrounded by nature. Twin ( reek has a convenient location a mile from Bandera 
Road and two miles from 
Loop TIU. 
No city taxes 
No city taxes apply to home payments made by 
Twin Creek residents. 
In the Northside School 
District. Twin Creek is close to E T H A , IJS A X , 
South Texas Medical 
Center, Southwest Re­ search Institute and Kel­ ly and Lackland A ir 
Force bases. 
Homes may be pur­ chased by VA financing, requiring a 
$1 total move-in cost and an an­ nual interest rate of 8 per cent. 
Homecraft houses in 
Twin ( reek. priced from 
$34,95(1, have either three or four bedrooms, two baths and two-car 

 ilfo filmic ICUI zn i u d 
□ □ □ □ 
"j r i n d 

PLAN # 2 o 4 

★ Spacious fireplace and mantle. ★ Extra spacious living- family area ★ Twin sliding doors to wrap around patio ★ 
Serve-thru kitchen ★ Box window at dinette ★ Master bedroom with dressing room and sliding glass doors ★ Two full ceramic tile baths ★ Furniture finished cabinetry i t BH 
★ 1oo% brick exterior ★ Full energy-saving 
^ 
^ features ★ Over-engineering air conditioning 

CX KOSINA 

T W IN CREEK hom es fe a tu re a n u m b e r o f lu x u ry options 

 garages. All for sale this weekend also have IOO lier cent masonry exter­ iors. 

Other energy-saving features are full wall insulation, 
(%-inch ceiling insulation, heat­ ing and air systems re­ quiring minimal use and doors and windows which shut tightly. 

Twin Creek is reached by driving north of NAV 
Loop 41o on Bandera 
Road and turning west onto Grissom Road (EM 
471), following signs which lead to the marked entraneewav. 

BEDROOM I 

Very important connection* tor your washer dryer* All our 2-3 bedroom unit* have them so your wastier and dryer can move right in with you to create your own private laundry area 
• Super kitchen with built in spice cabinet and pass thru bar 
• Self-clean oven no t frost refrigerator u / 
• Private 4 * 8 storage y / for all your hideabtes 
\ 
• 5 ftoorplans - 
'■V 
A \ 
’/ choice of 1,2 3 bed rooms ftreplace'den 
* ' 
V y 
• 2 pools, tennis 
/ 
Inn 
1 specious clubhouse ■" 
' 
J/A - security -24 hour a y day proteeaionei 
,ur 
\ . management 

O ther Plans 
Available From 

53 4 , 9 5 o 7 o * 4 3 , 9 5 o 

Phone 6 8 1 - 1 I I I 

BEDROOM 2 
PATIO 

HALL 

DINING 
LIVING 

 mg NOB rn HIU. 
J APAffnWNTS 
Phase ll 7628 Callaghan Road 
Open weekdays til 7 3o p rn 
349 1217 

KITCHIN 
STORAGE 

^OMECRKP 
OPEN 9 TO 9 DAILY 
Salome Contractors 
3243 Ixh A cIn 
Sn Alinit, Ism 7*217 
Pbnt 153-6571 

Fogtr 221-7928 

IN NORTH WES! 
SAN ANTONIO 
FEATURING 

Wallpaper 
4 5 o TOTAL 
MOVE-IN 
Conventional 

O h S e le c te d H e m e s 
LOO T O T A L M O I K l \ I 
I 
Phona 

Stre$ U £/ H A L L A M * A LAM A 

F L E / 1 5 L J L 
Term* 

Description 
Amount 

PLAN # 2 3 ? 

JLA 
O LP IN UA J L L ___ 

IAtoUi/1 AHSBX* ____ 
1 3 4 1 8 
Lacewood 
LANDSCAPED CORNER 

Beautiful new home in woodstone on landscaped corner lot. 3 / 2 / 2 all brick. Deluxe electric kitchen. O ther features include central heat and air. Tremendous value at only $ 3 4 ,9 5 o . In Northeast San An­ tonio location. Other plans available from $ 2 9 ,o o o . 
Qua llt f f ln - l a * 

JUDSON BP 

NfW 
SCHOOL 
Z A H L . H L j 
OATE 
O I R M O S T A F F O R D A B L E HOMES 
MEAS T O P Q U A L IT Y FOR YOI R M OSEY! 

1oo% MICK HOMES WITH HANDCRAFTED 
A LARGE LOTS WITH TREESI 
FIREPLACES 

ENERGY SAVING "SNUG HOM E" WITH EXTRA 
A SWIM CIUS & COMMUNITY SCHOOL (UNDER 
INSULATION, SOLAR GREY WINDOWS, ETC 
CONSTRUCTIONI 

MANAGER 

656 5474 OPEN DAILY 9 9 

T M K J,H K VT 
S O R T IIN KST 
HM-n’MI 

I'm Buddy Burns. And I'd like to shed some licht on your old home. It your home is 
5 years old or older, chances are it's obsolete 
That's right, obsolete Be­ cause at the time your home was built, there were virtually no energy-etfi- nency standards As a result, many Sjn Antonians are laced with utility bills that may soon exceed their house payments' 

Why NOW Is The Time To Buy. 
Let s look at the tacts Since you invested in your home a tew years ago, two things have hap­ pened For one, you've been making house payments tor sev­ eral years, so your et jutty has grown Tim», since the cost of building a new home has stead­ ily increased, the cost ut replan mg your home has increased 
BUT, because your old home isn t energy’ emcient, it wastes valuable energy And believe it or not, homeowners around the country are actually beginning to lose money when they sell their older homes Because no­ 

 body wants to buy a home where the cost ot heating and cooling exceeds the monthly payments. 
My advice is this With the money you can make by selling your old home right now, you an probably make the dow n­ payment and move into a new 
Burris Co. bower Saver home today. And, while your house payments may he a little higher, the lower utility bills should easily offset the difference. The only thing you can't afford to do is wait much longer 

 mg and cabinetry, and wood- burning fireplaces. Big, bright 
"wife saver" kitchens, with 
General Electric appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. Luxu­ rious baths with marble vanities and full size tubs. And elegant master suites, w ith walk-in closets and separate dressing areas Priced from $46,(KM) to 
$6$,CKX) For additional informa­ tion, call the area sales office 
(see map), or your realtor Re­ member, the longer you wait, the more you stand to lose 

I ..Kip IM M 

AlllDllf.N Kl 1KKST 
Iii I - l h .' ) i\ J 
^ 

 i i 

I .im p lid 

Come See My Homes Today. 
Take a few minutes this after­ noon to see my new Power 
Saver' homes in Hidden Forest and The Great Northwest 
You'll see handsome living areas, with plush deep pile carpet, furniture-finished panel 

I in t l Ballium , Sail Antonu 
Texas 7N ll6 

Power Saver lf* Model Home at 
STUD IimbervMliJt in The 
Great Northwest 

Success Homes featured today 

The long established 
Morton / Southwest com­ munity, Valley Forge, this weekend will feature the building / developing firm's highly successful, most recent series of new houses, Success Homes. 
Valley Forge, by its name alone, carries over the nostalgic Bicenten­ nial themes of last year, but the neighborhood off 
O'Connor Road in north­ eastern San Antonio is 

 able to offer the well planned houses in a price range starting as low as 
$34,ooo. The firm takes great pride in presenting 
Success Homes as “ af­ fordable,” invalidating the pessimism maintain­ ing average American families are unable to afford a new home today. 
A visit to any of the 
Success models in Valley 
Forge will show how a new home remains as the one planned for all of the one “ great American tomorrows. dream’’ that can be rea- 
So are its new Success lized even this weekend. 
Homes. 
The vast amounts of 
Varied plans total square footage in r the Success plans can be 
The three- and four-be- seen in spacious family droom homes in the Sue- rooms, separate dining cess series comprise areas, large living rooms more than IO different and family sized patios floor plans to present a 
Also included are variety based on much large, decorative kit- market research and chons with space-saving lengthy architectural built-in appliances like studies. 
Magic Chef ranges, vent 
Morton / Southwest is hoods, dishwashers and 

SPACIOUS livin g room s a re just one fe a tu re o f M o rto n - 
Southw est’s Success Hom es in V a lle y Forge 

 stainless steel Waste 
King disposers. 
But the scope of Suc­ cess Homes goes far beyond their “ furnisha- hle” and useful space. 
Luxury appointments add much to how thev 

Q U A L IT Y craftsm anship m akes a p p re ciate throu gh the ye a rs each Schaefer hom e 

 present more than the money’s worth. 
They include shag carpeting in living rooms, master suites and hallways; privacy fences; woodburning fireplaces; abundant cabinetry in pantry kitchens; com­ partmented baths; walk- in or wall-to-wall closets; handsome paneling; carefully chosen wall fa­ brics; and beamed cathedral ceilings. 
Buyers can choose colors and patterns for both carpeting and wallcover­ ings. 

Bach Success home features a utility area and a finished two-car garage. 
An exclusive Energy 
Saving Package (FLS.P.) for each includes an attic-installed Friedrieh central air and heat sys­ tem, optimal insulation, strategic window loca­ 

 tions and over-all orien­ tation away from direct sunrays. 
The popular Success series makes Valley 
Forge a value-keyed community close to a good number of major destination points. It also is in the preferred North blast School District. 
Appropos to the design of Valley F'orge, its streets and cul-de-sacs have names such as In­ dependence Avenue. L i­ berty Drive and more. 

Valley Forge residents never have to travel far or long for anything, in fact. 
Even 
Randolph 
A FB is a quick drive; so is downtown San Antonio. 
The community is reached most easily by exiting from N.E. IH 35 onto O’Connor Road, proceeding west to the marked entrance road, 
Independence Avonue. 

C LA SM H M X M SIH A T 
CLA SSI!H O DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
C LA S S IF IE D D IS P L A Y 

Hidden values offered 

AT WOODHILL YOU 
GET A WA Y 
BY JUST GOING HOME 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

 c l a s s i f i e d d i s p l a y ’ 
V 
~ cL a s W 
S 
S f W 
& r 

A s housing costs con­ tinue to increase, today s home buyer is looking for more than inst shelter. 
He wants long-lasting quality and durability to insure that his home and neighborhood w ill be as desirable in five years as it is today. 
Hidden values in 
Schaefer homes insure that lasting quality. lower utility lulls and old-fashioned comfort 
Quality craftsmanship and individuality distinguish Schaefer’s philosophy of concern for the individual home buyer. 
Schaefer has a definite opinion about what con­ stitutes as well-built home. and it i s apparent from a 
\ i s i t to any 
Schaefer subdivision 
It is evident in the planning of each home, the grading of each lot. the placement of the house and tile design of the floor plant and eleva­ tion to maximize views, privacy and distinctive­ ness. 
There is a sense of community in each 
Schaefer subdivision. 
There are recreational facilities, drainage sys­ tems and established school and shopping centers nearby. 
The quality of crafts­ manship is also evident throughout the homes 
Its evidence is copper wiring, steel exterior doors with dead holts. 
3/8-inch wood decking. 
1/2-mch carpet padding and professional interior designs. 
Quality workmanship is evident in the hand- land ceramic tile; colon­ ial handcrafted molding, marble vanities, wall fa­ bric. handle sets on doors arid furniture-finished cabinetry. 
Homes also im lude country kitchens, vaulted ceilings, garden atriums and formal living and dining areas. 
When it comes to con­ serving energy, each home has a custom-en­ gineered. high-efficiency central air and heat sys­ tem, ducts for optional air flow 31/’inch wall in­ solation and six to eight inches of blown attic in­ sulation with Thermo Ply insulation on the sides 
There are also power attic ventilation and win­ dows designed to mini­ mize air infiltration and maximize light and v lews 
There are a variety of designs and door plans to 
(bootie from in Northern 
Hills and Devonshire, with design features like wood-burning fireplaces, country kitchens with garden patios and muster bedroom suites with pri­ vate dressing areas and baths 
S{wh tai VA, FUA and conventional financing is available. 

B r ia r w ic k 

AVENUE OF FLAGS 
I al crest 

This New Home 
Costs Less Than 
Your Old Home. 

We have one bedroom flats designed to make it easy for you to live just the way you like. When private moments mean more, our one bedroom offers extra large living and sleeping rooms, plus a separate dining room and a large walk in closet. 

You'll enjoy the unique Woodbin Lifestyle — a get away without leaving home. There s lots of fresh a ir. . . quiet nights, three pools, tennis court and two club houses. 

678 SO. FT. 

W O O D H i li 
A W H MT NTS 
69o-17oo 
69o-17oo 

ONE BEDROOM FLAT $19o. 

19X12X17 

I tv INO K< A IM 

■> 
' J 
! i 
V1 .„'i' 

J 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1 9 7 7 

Country living, urban lifestyle fits Wildwood 

Country liv in g with urban convenience is a familiar phrase used so often by advertisers that its meaning is diluted by repeti­ tion, and a p p lic a tio n s of the p hrase d o n ’ t a lw a y s bear up under close scrutiny. 
However, Hay E llison’s Wildwood, one of the most popular developments in the northwestern quadrant of San 
Antonio, really measures up when it tomes to offering the peace and quiet of country living, as well as a key lo­ cation with immediate access to all the demands and pleasantries of city life. 
In lact Wildwood measures up so well that Ray Ellison representatives invite wmjrr 

 the closest kind of scrutiny for W ild­ wood and all that it has to offer to the family that believes this is the year for buying a new home that they were waiting for last year. 
Outside city limits 

Although Wildwood is readily acces­ sible to the growing commercial faci­ lities in the northwest, such as UTSA, 
USAA and the South Texas Medical 
Center, its homes are outside the city lim its, providing lower monthly pay­ ments on new home investments that range from the low S:iOs to the mid 
$4os. 
Wildwood homes retain the w ilder­ ness touch, surrounded by tree-cov­ ered slopes and wooded horizon. classm en rom .**----------------------- u i » i>h b a tm i v 

Fireplaces in most Wildwood homes recall the rustic touch of country liv ­ ing, bringing warmth and cheer to the brisk evening air. 

Children and teenagers of Wildwood families attend the excellent schools of the Northside Independent School Dis­ trict. with educational programs that not only instill the “ three R’s” but also offer rich and diverse extracurricular programs which emphasize leadership and initiative. 

Wildwood kitchens are designed for beauty and functional convenience. All are fully equipped with dishwashers, disposers, ranges w ith self-cleaning ovens and range vents, plus fine-qua- litv wood cabinets which typify the fine gussffiio oisnAT cuninnrBwTTy 

W ildw ood measures up to homebuyer expecta­ tions and then some with its exquisite combination of rustic charm and contemporary design in an environment that beckons “ back to the country.” 

 craftsmanship found throughout a Ray 
Ellison home. 
Of course, three- and four-bedroom homes in Wildwood . come complete with two-car, finished garages and two q a iw n n p g y 

 baths. VA, KHA and conventional fi­ nancing terms are available. 
To reach Wildwood, drive out Han­ dera Road west u n til you see the beautiful Wildwood entraneewav on 
TTXIitfW WHX? 
WTI 

 your right — on Bristlecone. Y ou’ ll find professional and courteous Ray 
Allison representatives who w ill be delighted to show you W ild w o od ’s beautifully furnished model homes l i m y ---------------- - -w ■■mw m n r i y 

Here’s Why: Wildwood is its Own Best Advertising! 

THAT’S RIGHT! WILDWOOD HOMES SELL AS FAST AS WE CAN 
BUILD THEM! JUST A FEW REASONS — 

Privacy fencing, landscaping, & patio STANDARD! 
Two tile baths STANDARD! 
Built-in electric Kitchen with self-cleaning range, vent, dishwasher and disposer STANDARD! 
Two-car finished garage STANDARD! 
Complete carpeting STANDARD! 

NO CITY TAXES MEANS LOWER MONTHLY PAYMENTS 
NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

AND LOOK WHAT THE NEIGHBORHOOD ITSELF OFFERS! 

Northside Schools • Ideal location near UTSA, USAA, & Medical 
Center • Country living within sight of Texas Hill Country • Popu­ lar northwest location with easy driving to northside & downtown 
San Antonio via Bandera Rd. & expressways. 
Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. Take Bandera Rd. 3l/i 

 miles north of N.W. Loop 41o and turn right at the Wildwood sign. 

Phone 6 8 1 -3 o 2 o 

Ray Ellison Homes 

BURNS CO. " P o w e r S a v e r'1 hom es a re not only a ttra c tiv e but save e n ­ erg y too 
Burns homes are livable 

“ Livability" is the kvy feature of the new Burns 
Co. “ R ock w ood " hom e th is w e e k e n d in T h e 
Great Northwest. 
One of 2o models in the 
B urns Co.'s 1977 Extra- 
Feature Collection of fine h o m e s , the R o ck w oo d model is easily adaptable 

 to many family needs. 
T he c o llectio n o ffers prospective home buyers in n orth w este rn B exa r 
County a functional, af­ fordable and en joy ab le hom e built with B u rn s’ proven techniques. 
T h e R ock w ood is d e ­ signed to utilize all avai­ 

 lable space in the floor plan. E fficien tly orga n ­ ized, the home is free of cro ss-ro o m tra ffic and unnecessary hall space, giving more usable space for the money. 
T h is c o n c e p t is seen even more in the handy, style-conscious built-ins 
Two earn scholarships 

FRED SOUPISET, from le ft, chairm an of the b u ild e r’s ed u catio n c o m m itte e , presents H enry Hass and W illia m D. 
M eyers $ 5 o o hom e building scholar­ ships. John M artin is a t right. 

CLASSIFIfD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIfD D ISPLAY 
NORTHWO 

HOME OF THE . 
BIG OAKS 

APARTMENTS 
FROM 
*165 I . *31o 

ALL UTILITIES 
PAID 
8 3 1 5 N. VANDIVER 
-5 5 3 1 
O f f LOOP 4 1 o N .t 

Two San Antonio stu ­ d en ts have r e c e iv e d sch o la r sh ip s for hom e building at Trinity Uni­ versity. 
W illia m I). M e y e r s, 
2727 
H ia w a th a , and 
Henry ll. Hass HI, 81o9 
F r e d e r ic k s b u r g 
R d., ea ch r e c e iv e d a $5oo scholarship from the San 
Antonio Builders Assn. 
M eyers, a ju n io r at 
Trinity, has received tin1 scholarship every sem es­ ter for two years. Bass is a Trinity senior. Both are majoring in home build­ ing. 
The G reater San A n­ tonio Builders Assn. pro­ vides SI.OOO for scholar­ sh ip s each y ea r. 

The scholarship funds are matched bv the Na­ tion al 
A sso c ia tio n of 
Home Builders, so four 
$5oo aw ards are given annuallv 

The scholarships are awarded on the basis of academic excellence and financial need and inter­ est in home building. 
The recipient must also be a resident of the San 
Antonio area. 

 throughout the home. A lo u v e r e d -d o o r c a b in e t below the stair landing r e v e a ls a b u ilt-in t e l e ­ vision cabinet, fully an ­ tenna-wired, and built-in bookcases are nearby. 
T he k itch en c o m e s com plete with a w asher and dryer tucked aw ay into a econom ical hom e laundry sectio n that is visible only when in use. 
The breakfast nook fea­ tures built-in plant w in­ dows, seatin g surround­ ed with richly finished cabinetry and abundant n ich e s for g r e e n e r y or favorite keepsakes. 
Upstairs, the two large b e d r o o m s fe a tu r e r e ­ cessed bed alcoves, with drawer space below and s ix -in c h foa m m a t ­ tresses. 
T h is u n iq u e h o m e is b e in g p r e v ie w e d th is w eek en d in T h e G reat 
N o r th w e s t, lo c a ted a m o n g g e n tly r o llin g h ills b la n k e te d wi t h b ea u tifu l oak, p e r s i m ­ mon and eodar trees. The neighborhood offers resi­ dents a sw im m in g pool; te n n is and b a sk e tb a ll courts; and a community club. 

To rea ch T he G reat 
Northwest, drive north of 
N AV. Loop 41o on Culebra 
Road to FM 471, turn left and follow sign s to The 
Great Northwest 

The Affordable 
Home 

Four bedrooms, two baths, and a wood-burning fireplace for only 
$42,ooo? That’s right! Schaefer is designing and building quality homes, with special features in beautiful neighborhoods and best of all they’re affordable! 
Living Area 
A living area the entire family can enjoy, with plush deep pile 

I 

BEDROOM 
MASTER 
BEDROOM 

 carpeting, and complete with wood-burning fireplace . . . an area truly designed for living and entertaining. 
Patio 
Emphasis on indoor/outdoor liv­ ing with outdoor patio viewed from the Living area through sliding glass doors. A trite plant lover’s dream. 
Storage Space Galore! 
A separate storage area in a double garage . . . a great place to store your bicycles, cars, boats and all the other stuff you never seem to have room for. 

And When We Say Affordable 
We Mean It! 
Special VA, FHA and Conven­ tional financing. Available in three distinctive subdivisions. 
Just check the map to find the one that suits you. Furnished models open daily. 

Northern Hills 654-1211 
$37,ooo to $65,ooo 
North East School District 

Devonshire 494-3588 
$37,ooo to $55,ooo 
North East School District 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

' B uilding H om es To C om e H om e To' 

* Price varies according to neighborhoud. 

CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
EL MADRID 

APARTMENTS 

Superb Quality at a Reasonable Price 

Oui• Iti’ilrnnin — > I t/.~t 
2 Itll. 2 Until — $ 2 1 o 

Our Itll. 
2 Itll. 2 Until n /lir i’jilnrr — $2o.1 ie /Fireplace — $2 /.» 

2Itll. 2 Italh tv /l)i‘ii — S.t.W 

 ill Hills r a id 

O ffivv Hours u eidola vs • ^ to A 
Sn inlay - I lo .7 
696-2846 
( t i l l I Vnice Jackson 
HARPERS C n i oR 
N o E 

“ A GREAT NEW ADDR,..,., r un i u u 

Separate A dah JC* f am ily Sections* 

• Wood burning firtplocot • Outside Storage 
• Bosomed covered parking • Security Semico 
• Frost Free refrigerators • Continuous elven evens 
• Utilities paid 
• Forty Room • Swimming pools 
• Washer Dryer connections 

I B edroom $ 1 9 3 - 5 2 2 o 
3 B edroom 5 2 4 o - 5 2 9 o 
3 B edroom $ 3 5 o 

ORIN 
I O S. JO UT, 

35o1 WW OAK PC. 
3 4 4 VZZ I 

TO ItACN: M w Meno va 
I'vOvmkalwrf A i (tea loaf 
41o iv OeWeem (Ant m w i jaAjj# dfkmev 
I 
Si*# rn roedhT 
IMM MM I iv Na MS leva. 

Hundreds of fam ilies h ave m oved out o f th e ir a p a rt­ ments because of M o rto n / 
Southwest. 
H e re ’s w hy: 

 itetm w m a. 

STANDARD FEATURES (N O T OPTIONS!); 

• Three and four bedroom 

• 2 car finished garage 

• 2 full hand-set ceramic tile baths 

• Rich shag carpeting 

>- - - 
, bd 

Professionally planned — lo include on olympic sue swimming pool and lighted tennis courts — strategically located, so that your home is most likely to appreciate in value Quiet 
. . Convenient to 1*35. downtown, and motor shopping and recreation centers. In the Northeast School District 

■ MORE living space 
■ MORE value 
■ LESS energy cost 
■ A BIG Tax Refund 
J adSNatamil; 

• Appliances— dishwasher, disposal, Magic Chef Range 

• Wood-burning fireplaces (in most designs) 

• Large closets and storage space 

• Utility rooms (in most designs) 

FREEDOM TWO 

* 2 9 , 9 7 5 

W 

NO PAYMENT 'TIL JU N I 
NOTHING D O W N VA 
8 % V A Financing 
FHA A C onv. A v a ila b le 

Friedrich 
ClNTHAl AV! I.OFOTIOFVNU 

 rT I 
- . i - J 
* 
' 
^ 
L 

INSTALLED BT 
GEORGE SMITH, INC. 
OF SAN ANTONIO 

•reb 'fess v s 

VALLE? FOEGE 

FURNISHED MODELS OREN D AILY 'TIL DUSK 
6 5 S - 5 9 3 1 

PAY YOUR SUFI 
NOT YOUR LANDLORD! 

MORTON / SOUTHWEST 
(OUT OF TOWN CALL COLLECT) 
WRITE: P.O. BOX 18428 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78286 

S' 
' - f f l f ' 
' -'<- 

> ' } " s» ' < ' \ " i - f 
J & 
'$ j 
. 
" 
' I 

" I 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-—Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Page 
J C 
Large tracts set in Trailwood 

W. R. CRAIG CO. built this four-bedroom air conditioned home which sells for only 
$28,5oo at 21 3 James Bonham in Thunder­ bird Hills. W. R. Craig homes contain such 

 energy-saving features as Thermo glass win­ dows, added insulation and a rotary air con­ ditioner. Thunderbird Hills is inside Loop 41o near the Ingram Road exit. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

8X8- 

Just OFF 
1 9 4 6 N .E . lo o p 4 1 o 
H A R B Y W U R Z B A C H 
K 
8 2 6 -2 3 5 5 
FEATURES 
TWO BEDROOMS 
TWO BATHS 
First & Second level 
$217. per month 

Third Floor W/Fireplace .. $228. per month 

A couple will find this plan perfectly suited to their growing needs. The master bedroom has an extra large 9 foot walk-in closet, private dressing room and bath. W hile the huge wall-to- wall closet in the second bedroom, linen closet and pantry provide an enormous amount of storage space. There’s formal dining, and a kit­ chen that’s big enough for a snack table. It has a frost free refrigerator, too. The washer aryer connections are located off the deck. And the penthouse level has a fireplace, bookshelves and beamed and vaulted ceiling. 

LIVING 
DINING 

Affordable country liv­ ing is now available in the San Antonio area in 
Trailwood. 
In the hill country 15 minutes northwest of 
Wonderland Shopping 
City out IU IO. Trailwood offers 1*2 to three-acre wooded tracts priced from $7,15o. 

The natural environ­ ment. featuring rolling hills with vistas and fertile valleys, is ideal for the family seeking country serenity and privacy. 
Lots leave space for gardens and fruit trees, as well as a horse or two. 
The winding drives throughout the area offer bikers a challenge. 
A number of homes have been constructed in 
Trailwood by the Don 
Smith Co., featuring entries, rock fireplaces, wooden decks overlook­ ing the hill country, three 

 or four bedrooms and carpet. 
The surrounding pro­ perties require little maintenance because of their formal setting. 
Each home has been de­ signed and situated to take advantage of the prevailing summer breezes. 
These homes contain all the luxuries and con­ veniences expected in homes of the $61 .HOO to 
$92,5oo range. 
Other homes in Trail­ wood are available from builders Carl Rage. HCN 
Co., Hon Macon. Boerne 
Community . Builders and Homes by Yicki 
(Scheleyer). 
To reach Trailwood. drive 16 miles north on 
NYV lino to the Tarpon 
Road exit, U-turn south on the access road and watch for the Trailwood entrance. The sales office is open daily. IO a.rn 
.until dusk 
TRAILW OOD entranceway 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

WHERE YOU UVE 
IS YOUR BUSINESS. . . 
HOW YOM LIVE IS OURS. 
• Adult living 
• Vt Hock off 
41o Near 
North Star Mall 

• I Bdr. $183-$195 
• 2 Bdr. $233-$243 
• 3 Pools 

BFF Style by Q LIFE INVESTORS 
THE BRITTANY 
86o7 JONES MALTSBERGER 
341-3126 

RELO workshop offended 

Sales associates from 
Rosow & Kline, Realtors, participated in the spe­ cial training session on serving transferred fa­ milies which was spon­ sored by RELO/lnter-Ci- tv Relocation Serv ice for the South Texas region 
HELO national officers and regional directors for the not-for-profit real es­ tate referral service pro­ vided workshop leader­ ship on effective ways to aid transferred families 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

The Home That Affords You 
MORE Than You Could A ffo rd 
Anywhere Else 

From $31,75o 

All this, with fully lighted, championship tennis courts and 3 swimming pools, is proof enough that tomorrow’s community is here today. 

A FA BULO US 6ooo SQ U A RE FO O T TRI­ 
LEVEL COUNTRY CLUB A N D A N 
18- 

HOLE C H A M PIO N SH IP G O LF C O U R SE 
FOR 
NORTHCLIFFE 
H O M E O W N E R S 
W ILL S O O N BE COMPLETED. 

. . . a roaring all brick fireplace to warm you outside when its cold. 

Spanish Contemporary one of a number of beautiful exterior designs to choose from for this floor plan. 

• Four b e d ro o m -2 double baths 

• 1 o o % brick construction 

• S P A C IO U S M ASTER 
B E D R O O M SEPARATED 
F R O M THE REST 

• Energy sa v in g S o ia rg ro y glo ss on all e xte rio r w ind ow * 

• Sm o ke Detecter 

• Full 6 " C eiling Insulation 

 e M e ta l e n cased, in sulated , w e a th e r-p ro o f d o o rs • front, back 
• Thick a n e rg y s a v in g insulation in w a lls 
• W in d o w so o t A p lan t a re a 
• O p tio n a l h an d crafte d w o o d b o rin g fire p lace 
• Full b ath w / t lla tub, m irro red w all, d e c o ra tiv e v a lo n c a ligh tin g 
• O v e rsiz e d 2 cor g a r a g e 
A large fully equipped modern kitchen. . . 

NORTHCLIFFE, HO M ECRAFT’S ULTIMATE C O M M U N IT Y, IS NORTH 
SA N 
A N T O N IO S 
FASTEST 
G R O W IN G 
HILL 
C O UN TRY 
N E IG H ­ 
BO RH O O D . IT S BECAUSE W E C A N O FFER A H O M E LIKE THIS AT 
PRICES YO U C A N ’T AFFORD TO O V ER LO O K . 

/ r 

H rn v 

 y L 

SPECIAL 

C O N V E N T IO N A L 

F IN A N C IN G 

T H IS W E E K E N D 

$ 1 . o o T O T A L 
MOVE-IN 
V .A . 

D rive 
1-3S N orth 
A S mi. p ast 
Le o p 
16o4 to tai. 
11o 3 A fellow the signs. 

Beautifully Furnished 
Models Shown Exclusively by Homecraft Sales Consultants 

OPEN DAILY 9 TO 9 
659-1161 OR 625-7566 
Q U A LIT Y • IN T E G R IT Y • P R IC E 

“ H ELO service to transferees is anticipated til expand by 35 per cent during the coming year,” according to H ELO Se­ cond Vice President .lack 
Conway, speaking at ibis 
R E I/ ) educational meet­ ing. “ This growth re­ flects both expansion of company transfer activi­ ty, as well as R E I/ ) op­ portunities for service based on wider recogni­ tion of RF,LO service availability,” Conway re­ ported. 
According to Larry 
Rosow of Rosow & Kline, 
Realtors, R E I/ ) service is now available in more 

 than 9.o(to communities in Uh* U.S., Canada and many foreign countries. 
To better service a grow­ ing number of trans­ ferees, the most up to date service techniques arc1 the subject of contin­ uing educational confer­ ences sponsored by R U ­ 
LO for its members 

“ Our office, through 
H ELO , offers special, personalized service to transferring families and individuals moving any­ where i i i the united 
States, and to many areas around the world.” stated Rosow. 

U.S. REP. HENRY B. GONZALEZ, left, and 
Bob Owens Sr. president and owner of 
Deanie Owens Co. Realtors, congratulate the 
36 million-dollar sellers at the company's recent annual awards breakfast. 
SA BO R named third largest 

As increasingly more people enter the real es­ tate profession and qua­ lify to become Realtors, membership in San An­ tonio Board of Realtors 
Inc. has reached an all- time high 
According to 
Ray 
Ragsdill, hoard presi­ dent, the number of members came to 2,65k in 1976. more than eve! tiefore in the 67-year his­ tory of the organization 
The San Antonio hoard is 

 the third largest hoard of 
Realtors in the state of 
Texas, exceeded in size only by the Houston and 
Dallas boards 

Origin 

Board records show that, in 191o, some 22 ol the city's real estate met met for lunch al the St 
Anthony 
Hotel and formed what was first known as the San Antrum 
Real Estate Exchange 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

Thunderbird Hills 
UNDER ‘3o,ooo? 

Inside loop 41o, with a viow of downtown from your potio door 

2138 Joniev Bonham $28,5oo* 2118 Jam**, Bonham $?8,4oo*| 
2126 James Senhora $25,o5o* 

UNDER *4$,OOO 

Inside Loop 41o. thermal windows, (overed patio and 6 (odor privacy fenced yard. 

62o4 little fown 
$43,2oo* 
6231 Farragut 
$43,8oo* 
621o Little fown $41,8oo* 

UNDER *4o,ooo 

6214 Utile fown 
$38,7/S* 6218 little fown 
6222 Little fown $38,ooo* 

$4o,9oo* 

FOREST O AKS ESTATES 
Crownpiece 
$43,3oo-$56,ooo • 

VA, EHA, 
CONV financing 
Available 

( .instruction Compony 

Open IO 'Til Dusk 
684-o81o 
IO U A l HOU SINO 
OPPOtTUNITT 

 v 1 rn -ejmrfFw 
* 

RESIDENTS of Thousand O aks m ay use its racquet club 
Thousand Oaks homes roomy 

D r a m a t i c , c o n t e m p o r ­ ar y lines outside com bin e w ith s p a c i o u s n e s s , w a r m t h , b e a u t y a n d f u n c t i o n a l i s m of the in ­ terior in the home at 26o7 
Tu rk ey Oak in T hou sa nd 
O a k s . ' 
B ui lt by O l m o s H o m e 
B u i l d e r s , t h i s l o v e l y hom e is d e s i g n e d for f a ­ m ily li v i n g with a m p l e s p a c e for growing. 
Cedar roo! 
T h e e x t e r i o r is c a r th - e r n - t o n e d b r i c k , w ith d a r k - s t a i n e d wood t r i m and r u s t i c c e d a r s h a k e roof. 
An e n tr y foyer of ter- r a z o til e w e l c o m e s you into the l ar ge fam ily liv­ ing r o om , with its invit­ in g w o o d b u r n i n g f i r e ­ place* w it h a r a i s e d h e a r t h . A h ig h r i s i n g ceiling lifts the eye to the b a l c o n y g a m e r o o m above. 
Both r o o m s a r e filled wit h n a t u r a l l i g h t a n d f e a t u r e wet b a r s w it h m i r r o r e d w a l l s , g l a s s s h e l v i n g a n d n a t u r a l 

 wood c a b i n e t s to m a k e entertainin g in each a r e a beautiful, convenient and easy. Th e g a m e room has sliding g l a s s doors o p e n ­ in g o n t o a s u n d e c k . w h i c h o v e r l o o k s t h e l a r g e , f r e e - f o r m p a t i o below. 
An op en e x t e n s i o n of the living room b e c o m e s a f o r m a l d i n i n g r o o m with a m ir r or ed wall, an e l e g a n t b r a s s - c r y s t a l c h a n d e l i e r a n d t h r e e ceiling-to-floor windows. 
The busy hostess will fine e n t e r t a i n i n g e a s y with the b r e a k f a s t a r e a a n d l a r g e ki tc he n a d j o i n i n g the forma l dining room. 
W h e t h e r y o u ’ r e p r e ­ p a r i n g fo r p a r t y o c c a ­ s i o n s or f a m i l y m e a l s , the* kit c he n is d e s i g n e d with function in mind. A built-in d e s k a n d c en te r work island, along with the diagonal wood design cabinets, a r e all finished 

 i i i w a r m pecan stain. T h e wall c ov eri ng is coo rd in ­ ated in au tu m n tones of g o l d a n d so ft a v o c a d o . 
M a g i c C h e f built-in a p - . 

 p l i a n c e s a r e a l s o in the a v oc ad o color. 
Directly off the kitchen is the l a r g e utility room w h i c h c o n n e c t s to t h e two-car g a r a g e . 
B a c k in the living ar e a of the hom e, you will find fo ur b e d r o o m s a n d two baths, lf you prefe r, one b e d r o o m j u s t o f f the m a s t e r b e d r o o m can b e ­ c o m e an a d ja c e n t sitting room. T h is truly m a k e s a g r a n d m a s t e r s u i t e , a s the be droo m itself opens directly to the ba ck patio te rra ce by m e a n s of s lid ­ ing g l a s s d o o r s . 
T h e m a s t e r b a t h f e a t u r e s a s u n k e n R o m a n tub a n d sh o wer of T e r r a z z o tile. 
T h e d r e s s i n g a r e a is large and includes double walk-in clos ets with m u l ­ t i p l e s t o r a g e s p a c e . A muted, floral wall c o v e r ­ ing c r e a t e s a lu x u r io u s, restful a t m o sp h e r e . 
Both of the other b e d ­ ro o m s s h a r e a double b a t h w it h s e p a r a t e e n ­ trances. L a r g e closets in all the b e d r o o m s provide lots of s t o r a g e s p a c e , a s 
SAAA sponsoring workshop 

RICHARD S. ROBBINS 

CLASSIFIED D ISM A Y 

T h e nation’s foremost m a r k e t i n g a n d i n v e s t ­ m e n t c o n s u l t a n t , 
R i ­ c h a r d S 
R o b b in s , will conduct a one-day w o r k ­ shop on pr ope rty a n a l y ­ sis F r id a y , F e b . 
18, in the 
T r o p h y 
R o o m at 
T u r t l e ( r e e k C o u n t r y 
Club. 
Rob bins is internation­ ally known a s a real e s ­ t a t e a n d m a r k e t i n g c o u n s e l o r ; s p e a k e r ; tea che r; and analyst. 
He is p r e si d e n t of the r e a l e s t a t e c o u n s e l i n g fi r m of R i c h a r d S. Rob- 
"ciXssiFttb Oli»LAY 

( J n a l i t ^ h o n o i in a C ountry loin niunity 
F ro h i 
Iffidge 

V 
* 
$5 5,ooo 
651-6237 

Ladshaw - M iller 
Development Co., 5 
/ 

 bins Co. it A sso c ia t e s. On the st a ff of both the B e l ­ levue a n d T a c o m a C o m ­ m u n i t y C o l l e g e s a n d a senior real esta te in­ s t r u c t o r for the P r o f e s ­ s i o n a l E d u c a t i o n F o u n ­ d a t i o n o f 
C a l i f o r n i a . 
R o b b i n s h a s re a l e s t a t e c r e d e n t i a l s that in clu de the G R I., C A., M . A . , 
R H . F C . a n d I C E . M C. design ations. 
T h e w o r k s h o p i s fo r 
R e al t o rs , b r o k e r s , a p a r t ­ m e n t o w n e r s , s y n d i c a ­ tors, bui ld ers , investor s, ba nker s, trust m a n a g e r s and property m a n a g e r s . 
S u b je ct s to Im* c ov ere d a r e : how to a n a l y z e an inve stm ent; s y nd ica ti on ; how to ar riv e at a s t a b i ­ lized a n n u a l p r o f o r m a ; w or k in g with I R S rules; t a x e s a n d d e p r e c i a t i o n ; b u d g e t r e p o r t i n g ; a n d other s u b je c t s cove red in the 5o-page work m a n u a l to b e p r o v i d e d fr e e . 
T h e re g istra ti on fee is 
$25, w h i c h i n c l u d e s lunch. 
T he workshop is being c o n d u c t e d b y t h e S a n 
Antonio A p a r tm e n t A s s o ­ ciation. Additional infor­ m a t i o n can be o b t a i n e d by cal ling 828-H328. 

CLASSIFIED DISM A Y 

Alaite us the center o f your w orld! 

Come out tod ay and le t our apartm ents be the center of your w orld! 
Efficiencies, h 
2, 
3 bedroom s and townhouses. 
(All u til­ ities p aid ). Rents start a t $ 1 8 5 /m o n th . 

Maison de Ville 

344-9158 
(OOO JACKSON KILUK ROAD 

 d oe s a l a r g e closet under the s t a i r s , ideal for l u g ­ g a g e a n d o u t - o f - s e a s o n items. 
B i n d i n g all the r o o m s of this s p a c i o u s home to­ gether is a luxu ri ous pe ­ can tone, flocked carpet. 
M usic fills the house by m e a n of a n i n t e r c o m m u s i c s y st e m . 
O l m o s H o m e B u i l d e r s h a v e i n c l u d e d so m a n y luxury fe a t u r e s that you r e a l l y m u s t v i s i t it to a p p r e c i a t e fully the q u a ­ lity, beauty and exp ertise th a t a r e b u i l t into t his ou ts ta nd ing home. 
T h e house has 2,4o2 sq. ft. a n d is p r i c e d at 
$73,9o o. It w il l b e t he f e a t u r e d h o m e of the week at T h o u s a n d O a k s an d op en for in sp ecti on from IO a . m . until dark. a s a r e other h o m e s in the a r e a by se l e c t e d quality b u i l d e r s w h o w ill be h a p p y f o r y o u to t o u r their h o m e s a s well. 
Other b u i l d e r s include 
M. A. Scholl E n t e r p r i s e s , 
G r e a t A m e r i c a Co., V i c ­ t o r 
O e h l e r , 
P e t e r 
S e h i n k e r . C l i n t W eil- b a e h e r a n d 
C a r l t o n 
Church 
T o r e a c h 
T h o u s a n d 
O a k s , d r i v e 5.2 m i l e s north of N VN'. Loop 41o on s a n 
P e d r o 
A v e n u e . 
Prices begin at $5o,ooo. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

ACHES OF LIVING 

Living in Trailwood leaves an abun dance of room for the kind of life you've dreamed of. Rolling hills and fertile valleys offer VA to 3 acre homesites . . . large enough for a horse or two, a private lifestyle . . . and featuring (incomparable views of the hill country 

Prune properties, including many hilltop locations, are available and make a fine investment for the person who plans to build later with a builder of his choice. 
Acreage begins at 57,15o with up to 15 years financing available 

V i s i t 11,111w < m i l 's I i *' nt h 

.m il M u i r (’ii si nt I l i o n 

.it ( cull.ii I’.ii k M all. 

U p p c i I CU'I. 
T 
I 

New, luxury homes, designed for country living, have already been constructed in Trailwood by the Don Smith 
Company and offer elegant entries, rock fireplaces, wooden decks . . . room to live . . . on oak covered acre­ age. These superb homes are now open for inspection. 

Trailwood is conveniently located just 15 minutes from 
Wonderland . . as close to the city as you'll ever want the country to he. 

Open daily 9 am til Dusk 

T R A I L W O O D 
Don Smith Co. 

698-2261 • 698-2832 

NOW IS THE TIME 
TO BUY A NEW HOME 

.C iA ir x is o R homes 

BUILDING CREATIVELY 
FOR YOU 

SURROUNDING YOU 

PATIO 
WITH VALUE 

J" 
"HL 

DINING 

GARAGE n 
BfQHUUM 3 

LIVING 

Briarwick 

14419 Briarbranch 
$3o,875 
494-62o2 

T 
POS 
PORCH 

 b 

BATH 

BEDROOM 2 

Solid construction and sound ideas . . . de­ corator-coordinated interiors with exquisite carpeting . . . energy-saving modern conveniences 
. . . and the highest standards of quality . . . that's what Windsor Homes are made of! 

Visit the new Windsor Homes today. 
Furnished models are open from 1o a.m. til dark daily. 

PATIO 

MASTER BEDROOM 

- 

STOR 
IO 
LAV 

DIN,* G 
KITCHEN L g l 
A C C L 

•Based on purchase price of $3o,875 with no down payment, 36o equal mon­ thly payments, VA financing at 8% per year. 
GAKAGE 

MASTER BEDROOM 

LIVING 

Bristol 
Place 

59o6 Woodall 
$27,4oo 
661-6266 

BEDROOM 3 

PORCH 

BEDROOM 2 

=Q 

•Based on purchase price of $27,4oo with no down payment, 36o equal mon­ thly payments, VA financing at 8% par year. 

C\\\r) 

/ i i 
/ p i . 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o - 8 3 2 o 
CHANGING c o n c e p t s in 
ADULT LIVING 

American College 

 of Real Estate. Inc 

31o I ASHOT / SAN ANTONIO I EXAS H 21? iS 17| M b JOTS 

(URN * JNfJIN mi Ai HJR t OUKUS 
ANO STUDiNlS 

8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 
411 EVEREST 

THIS MONTH! 

2 bedroom 2 bath 
$2o5 

H U GI 
W M H IN 
CLOSH because 
^ v 

 you should 

 enjoy every day 

 you live... 

B E D R O O M 

B ID R O O M 
W ASH ER 

K IT C H IN 

C L O S l T j 
C L O S tT 

. . . C O U N T R Y C LU B A PA R T M EN T S pro vide everything to moke your life easier, better and truly enjoyable. 

Located right next to Turtle Creek golf course, the beauty and atm osphere sur­ rounding C O U N T R Y C LU B A PA R T M EN T S makes it the ideal location for an y living style. 

Come see all of the things C O U N T R Y 
C LU B A PA R T M EN T S offers for your living pleasure . . . that cost no more than some ordinary places. 

Woodhill for country living 

 itNTRY 

D IN IN G 

AKLA 
L IV IN G 

AKLA 

A convenient location, country - fresh atmos­ phere and striking inter­ iors are what make 
YVoodhill Apartments the choice address in north­ western San Antonio. 
Some recent residents at the apartment com­ munity, 451o9 Woodstone 
Dr. off the Huehner Road exit from N.W. Ill ll), moved there because it’s only minutes from the 
South Texas Medical 
Center and the new 
USAA complex. Others include m ilitary base personnel who chose 

Woodhill for its esthetic value as well as its near­ ness to the air bases. 
Woodhill’s spacious one- and two-bedroom studios and one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes art now leasing. Furnished model apartments are on display at the Leasing 
Information Center open daily until B p.m. 
Woodhill is reached most easily by exiting from N.W. Ill IO to lluebncr Road and pro­ ceeding north to Wood- stone Drive 

BALCONY 
"65 ~ * 

RAHO 
E n j o y A l l o f tilth: 

• W ash er ond Dryer Connections 

• Ceiling to floor mirrored closet doo-s. 

•Im ported Spanish furniture available. 

• Membership to Turtle Creek Country Club available. 

• All-electric kitchens and appliances. 
COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

Hb3o F A IR H A V E N O R IV E 

 m m 
* 
•- m m 
™ 
^ 
RUSTIC exteriors com bine with the natural setting at 
W oodhill 
Newest homes at Briorwick 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

O i l 
M 
I R 
A 
D 
O 
R 
* ^ apts Rapt! 

Quiet Adult Apts. 
S M P ^ 
1 j|| 

3243 
^ 
' W 
Nacogdoches 
656-o188 

APARTMENTS ON THIS PAOf ART 
SH O W N IN THCIR APPRO X. LOCATIONS 
TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IH-1o 
ADULT & FAMILY 
SECTIONS 

69o-17oo 
49o9 WOODSTONf 

 a E L M A D R ID 
APARTMENTS 
H O H M I M I 6o< 

• Fireplaces 
• Washer-Dryer 
• "Complete" All 
Connections electric kitchens 
• All Bills Paid 

696-2846 
6111 Vane* Jackson 

O COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 
The 

* C a n m a n 

3939 Fredericksburg Rd. 

 fifCSEyUby 
Q u f e m v e st o r s 

CLASSIFIC DISPLAY 

The Heritage 

Apartments 
I I different floor plans —* 
All with patios 
Priced from $2 I 5 
All Bills Paid 

1543 Babcock 
341-2228 

^ 
A P A R t M IN T S , 

9525 LORENC 
344-9888 

February 1977 
San Antonio Schedule 

3o1 
Practice of R E. 
Feb. 7-11 
5 Oay 

2o1 
Principles of R.E. 
Feb. 7-22 
8 Night 

3o1 
Practice of R E. 
Feb. 12-2o 
Weekend 

1o1 
Basic Fundamentals Feb. 14-18 
5 Day 

2o1 
Principles of R E. 
Feb. 21-25 
5 Day 

1o1 
Basic Fundamentals Feb. 26 Mar. 6 Weekend 

3o1 
Practice of R.E. 
Feb. 28-Mar. 4 5 Day 
For Free Catalog Call 736-2o75 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms ii nu* »o 

MOULTON sr 

U 
2 B d . A p ts . a 
A 
- n 
From SI 7o L* j W c » l 

I 
APARTMiNTS 

All Bills Paid 

1o7o7 IH IO West 
6 9 o - o o o 1 

HOMESTYIE ap arm en t 
LIVING 
451 5 Gardendale 

691-1o44 

© T h e ll Ii ITTA IS I 
W ith Ideal Locations to 
Fit Your Needs 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT COMMU­ 
NITY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT- 
YARD. HALF BLOCK OFF LOOP 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR MALL. 
•6o7 JONIS MALTSBERGER 
3 4 1 -3 1 2 6 

^ f i d f i F n o B 
B 
R 
B 
V h i u 

B ^ 
P T a p a r i m i n t s 

Nob Hilt Apartments off IM IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
_ S U P iR L O C A T IO N 

BUNCO AT JACKSON KILLER 

7 543 SOUTH SIA UNI 
341-6251 

17 
NOR IH IAST A RIA 

^ P e r r i n t f l a z a 
I 4 2 BDR. 4 T O W N H O U SES 

G a rd e n a p ts 
—(th < W an w a ll k e p t tp o o o u i 

 g ro u n d *, p a tio * , b o k O m a *, p o o l, m o i to d ro p ­ p in g , fe a tu re s p ig* 

Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
6 5 5 -7 1 2 2 

AMM I IM MT* 
You owe ii to yourself to see our apartments. 

2554 Northeast loop 41o 654-1222 

NORTHGATE 

5 3 9 E L E A N O R 

8 2 4 - o o 1 9 

WESTGATE 

Country Village 

A p a r tm e n t* 
J , 2, 3 br drumlin n-ilil. living fur tannin-* nim uiiih r-taml talur fro m 
B 116 < .ounlry Village 
H2H-572I 

FRENCH CHALE1 
165o JA C KSO N KELLER 

THE ULTIMATE APARTM ENT 
C O M M U N ITY 
344-4616 

W ehU*lie*ter S q u a re 
\|> a rtiiiciit» 
I, 2, ii bedroom apl*. 

I r i l l * I 'lU m t l i t f u r l ' n u a m i H a m l« il|ih 

111 A u u tiii llw v . 
828-11o5 
That** right! F o r only & I7 o am i up you run lea** beautiful I o r 2 be dro om apl. al 'Fen Went with: 

• I iri-placc* 
• i 'r ii u lr Sto rag e 
• Ui o r red Parking 
• 2 Pool* • 2 Sauna* 
• Sccurils Service 

• P u r ls Ii n u i i i 
• vuu I t i urn us p a i d 

 s | U P lo o kin g no** anil tlriu * out I I I IU NL r«l — take the 
\\ u r/liacli I.x ii am i -lav on terce** road until y o u -cc o u r *igi 

™ W ind creitt A partm ent* 
656-o182 

IUt.tr. \\ t lliiitan NX av 

I s r f t r | * r i» a lr p a lio - , (,••« w h i c h ! I n * i m h i i r 

P a r h S ta ll. H a m ln lp h a m i i n r l h a w , 

U s u r y U s i n g in V U . S a n \ n lu iiio 

'M um 
LA PLAZA APTS 
AN ADULT APARTMLNT COMMUNITY 
All AMENITIES • ON BUS UHE • O NI 
NOCK MOM ST MARYS a OHL BLOCK 
TROM SHOPPING • TURN ADDI 
1 , 3 6 3 BGR 
UTILITIES PO. 

33o1 W . W O O D LA W N 
434-9394 

 a so * t o s s a r m mtnr c o — uhi»y 

"TEN N IS W O R L D " 

: SBSSsW 
« aat*m m i» 

.: a. , a 
HS N.W. LOOP 41o 
341-4621 

1 iParfe Coumr 
Apartment Community 
T I MONITORED SE COUTY—GARDIN PATIOS 

(USURIOUS H U I JOQM -GYM I SAUNAS , 

I 3 3 BDS 
1 4 3 B ATH 

* I 7 Q ? ; o (Turn A d d ) U T IU T tf S Fd 

O II lA N O IK A RD . 
434-4191 
B e t w e e n M M k re O 6 C e Ile g h e e 
A B e b R e * * A p e r i e n t C e rn m u - M y 

" 
LINDA APTS. 
235 H O W A R D off 11OO N. M A IN 
I & 2 BEDROOMS 
I blk Main Bonk, lubys, Expressway, 
Hospitals, Adult* Only 
226-8492 
TfeRWesfc 

 for the truth, 
Compare 
1o362 Sahara Drive, just 
••Bt of San Pedro, north 
349-2617 of l oop 41o 

AN APARTMENT HOME 

 u n fo r g et t a b le a s ITS NAMI 
( O M V I M M MT tO C X f r o * A M P W M * f i t ! I* A M 

BOSI BROADWAY 

824-oo61 
828-7393 
69o-ooo1 
1o7o7 It! IO W E S T 

Want 
Ads 
C A L L 
225-1666 

H O U R S 

8 A.M . to 
5:3o P.M. 
MONDAY thru FRIDAY 

P age 1 o -C _________San A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — Su n d ay Fe b ru ary I 3 1 9 7 7 

I 

A N M O U M C u n n m 

o 6 — PsvrsorvaU 
1 o 8 — Lost a n d Found 
I IO — S p acial N o tice s 
1 1 2 — P ro fe s s io n a l N o tic e s 
1 1 4 — E n to rta in m o n t A 
V a c a tio n G u id o 
1 1 5 — Lod po N o tice s 
1 2 o — k id s A P ropo sals 
1 2 2 — O ffic ia l P u b lic a tio n s 
1 2 4 — L e g a l N o tice s 

•KAL IST ATI 

2 o 1 — R e al S state N o tic e s 
2 o 2 — O p e n Houses 
2 o 4 — P ro p e rty O u t o f 
T ow n 
2 o 6 — C o n d o m in ium s ■■ 
Tow nhouses 
2 o 8 — A p a r t m e n t s, 
D u p le x e s 
2 1 o — Houses— N o rth e a s t 
2 1 2 — H ouses— N o rth w e s t 
2 1 4 — H ouses— S o u th e a st 
2 1 6 — Houses— S o u th w e s t 
2 1 8 — Houses M ow ed a n d 
W re c k e d 
2 2 o — Houses fo r T ro d e 
2 2 2 — M isce lla n e o u s R e a l 
E state 
2 2 4 — H ouses. S ale a r 
R ent 
2 2 6 — S u burban 
P ro p e rty — A c re a g e 
2 2 8 — R e so rt P ro p e rtie s 
2 3 o — Lots 
2 3 2 — Form s a n d Ranches 
2 3 4 — Farm s a n d R anches fo r R ent 
2 3 6 — ■ C om m e rc ia l 
P ro p e rty — Sale 
2 3 8 — C o m m e rcia l 
P ro p e rty (Lease) 
2 4 o — C o m m e rcia l 
P ro p e rty (W a n te d ) 
2 4 2 — In d u s tria l P ro p e rty fo r Sale 
2 4 4 • Ind u s tria l P ro p e rty fo r Lease 
2 4 6 — In d u s tria l P ro p e rty 
W a n te d 
2 4 8 — O ffic e Space fo r 
Lease 
2 5 o — O ffic e Sp oco 
W a n te d 
2 5 2 — R e al E state SeU o r 
E xchange 
2 5 4 — R e al E state W a n te d 
2 5 6 — R eal Estate 
Loans 
N o te s 
2 5 8 — R eal E state Loans 
W a n te d 
_____ 

11o-SPECIAL ROM S 
11o SPECIAL NOTICES 
11o SPECIAL NOTICES 
2o1 REAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 SEAL ESTATE NOTICES 
2o1 

I* D 
O 
U 
B 
L E B O 
H V S A 
D 
S * ] 
SAVE YOU 6 o % 
Merchandise only — 

C l a s s 
9 
2 
8 
Private Party Household Items 

A N e w lo w Rote tor p rivate p a rty M erchandise A dve rtisin g colled 
D ouble Bonus Ads w ill deliver results a t Texas S ized Savings o f 6 o % 
These ads ore exposed to 2 9 3 ,o o o p o te n tia l buyers D oily in the Son A nto nio W o n t A d Superm arket (3 3 ,o o o m ore than the lig h t) 

The D ouble Bonus Special is designed to provide o reduced rote for individuals w ho wish to sell things they no longer need. The special rote o f 2 lines, 6 days S3 m okes it p ro fita b le to advertise low-cost items such os b ab y furnitu re or used appliances 

The only requirem ents ore 

1 
O nly p rivate individuals ore e lig ible for this 6 o % m oney saving ro te 
2 
The ad must be placed for six days lf the item is sold b efore the six days o re up, you m ay cancel further running days o f the od b ut the fu ll ro le w ill be charged (in o th e r w ords, no refund or rote od|ustm ent fo r unused doys and no copy substitutions) 
2 LINES t 6 DAYS • *3 

( A D D I T I O N A L L I N E S E X T R A ) 
SAVI AN ADDITIONAL 1o% BY 
MAILING PAYMENT WITH YOUR AD 

 i .n ..i 1 1 1 1 t i r m 
. T 
U 
. i - 1 1 1 L a r m j - L L i - 1 t i 

2 i I 
1 1 1 r n r n 
- r n i 1 i i t r T n m n r n i i 1 

3 
1 I r n 
T T T T I T T I I I I I I I I T T T T T T T r F i l l 

4 1 1 1 I l l ' l l L 
I I I I 1 1 J I l l . m z i - i x x 
. 1.,1.1 1 I 

 s i n r r i p 
: r r n 
" r n i figure the cost of your ad from these low rates Deduct 1o% for 2 lines . . . $ 3 .o o payment with your order These rotes are tor private party want ads 3 lines . . . 
4 .5 o and apply to six consecutive day insertions 2 lines minimum Ap 
4 lines . . . 
6 .o o proximately 31 spores per line 
5 
> # m 
7 .5 o 
Please check your od the first day it oppeors NO ADJUSTMfcNTS 6 lines . . . 
9 .o o 
TOR ERROR CAN BE MADE ATTER THE FIRST RUNNING DAY 
J lines . . . 1 o .5 o 

NAME.. 
PHONE NO. 

ADDRESS. 

CITY____ 
STATE. 

START DATE 
CLASS.. 

ZIP. 

MAIL COUPON TO 
KXPRESS-NEWS DOUBLE BONUS ADS 
A v e . E a t Th ird S t ./ P .O . B o x 2 1 7 1 
-------------- 
S a n A n to n io , Te xa s 7 8 2 9 7 

 o r call . . . 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 t o d a y 
BONUS ADS BRING RESULTS! 

S » W 
8 
» 
8 » » 4 $ $ 4 > $ $ $ $ S S $ $ S $ $ S $ S S $ $ S S S S $ 

■IN T AIS 

3 o 2 - -M o b ifa H o m es fo r 
Rant 
4 o 1 — A p a rtm e n t* tu rn . 
4 o 2 — H o u s e k e e p in g A p t. 
Fum . 
4 o 4 — A p a rtm ent s, U n tu rn . 
4 o 6 
H ow e s , D u p le * a s— 
F urnished 
4 o 8 — Houses, D u p le xe s— 
U n fu rn ish e d 
4 1 o — H ouses, R e n t o r S e ll 
4 1 2 — R oom s, F urnished 
4 1 4 — R oom s, U n fu rn is h e d 
4 1 6 — Room s w ith B o a rd 
4 1 8 — W o n t to R ent o r 

BUSINESS 
O P P O B tU N itltS s 

SO I - ■ Business 
O p p o rtu n itie s 
5 o 2 — Business O p p o r­ tu n itie s W a n te d 
5 o 4 — M o n e y to Lend 
S o 6 — fin a n c ia l— In v e s t- 

SOB— Chi P ropo stiorra 
5 1 o — M o n e y W a n te d 
51 2 — in s tru c tio n s 
5 1 4 — In s tru c tio n s W a n te d 

I i 
I M A IO Y M IN T 

6o 1 — P ro fe s s io n a l 
6 o 2 — Sales 
6 o 4 — te c h n ic a l 
6 o 5 — Resum es 
6 o 6 — A d m in is tra tiv e — 
F inancial 
6 o 8 — S e c re ta ria l 
6 1 o — O ffic e A C le ric a l 
6 1 2 — M e d ic a l 
6 1 4 — S kills-T ra d e s 
6 1 6 — fo o d .D rin k S e rvices 
6 1 8 — P a rt T im a 
6 2 o — H e lp W a n te d 
M isce lla n eo us 
6 2 2 — D o m estic 
6 2 4 — S itu a tio n s W a n te d 

» 
A 
A 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
A 
* 
* 
* 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 
4 

 i i 

 s 
A 
4 
4 
4 
4 

L 

AUTO MOTIVI 

M r 
A 
Mrs. O scar Cerna proudly announce the a r­ riva l o f their baby 
BOYs 
Christopher john Cerna, 6 lbs 7 OI. born ja n u a ry 2 4 , 
1 9 7 7 

M r 
& Mrs. Robert Ferrsan d e * proudly announce the a rriva l o f their baby BOY: 
James Romon F e rn a n d o , 9 lbs. 6 oz., bom January 2 4 , 
1 9 7 7 . 

M r 
& Mrs. Ralph D 
Fritz p ro u d ly announce the ar­ rival o f their bab y 
BOY: 
Cheatrie A ndrew Fritz, 8 lbs. 
4 oz. born 
January 
19, 
1 97 7. 

M r. 
& 
Mrs. 
Thomas 
M. 
Koeurek proudly announce the arriva l o f their baby 
BOY-. Patrick Edwin K o to rek, 
8 lbs. 
7 oz. born 
January 16, 9 7 7 . 

M r. 
& 
Mrs. 
M itchell 
W liv e ly , Jr. proudly announce the arnvol o f their baby 
GIRL: 
A ngelique 
M arie liv e ly , 7 lbs. I3 V | oz born 
January 2 o , 1 97 7. 

M r, & Mrs. Frank g o n e , ll proudly 
J. Io n announce the arrival o f their 
TW IN GIRLS Soma, 5 lbs 
IO oz., Sylvia, 4 lbs 
15 oz. born January 16, 1 9 7 7 . 

M r. 
& 
Mrs. 
G eorge 
M. 
W illiam s, 
Jr. proudly an­ nounce the arrival o f their baby BOY 
G eorge C h rist­ opher W illiam s, 6 lbs 4 oz born January 18, 197 7. 

M r, 
& 
Mrs. 
Jimmie 
A. 
Zam zow proudly announce the arrival o f their baby 
BOY: Justin .Keith Zam zow, 
8 tbs 
7 oz. born January 
2 2 ,1 9 7 7 . 

M r. & Mrs. G reg orio Zepe­ d a, 
Jr proudly announce the arrival o f their b a b y 
BOY: G reg ono Zepeda, III, 
7 lbs 
IO oz. born January 
2 2 , 1 97 7. M aternal grand­ parents M r, 
& 
Mrs. 
Juan 
Laredo, 
Paternal grand­ m other, M rs lu p e Zepeda. 

* 
* 
* 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
* 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 
♦ 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 

: 
A 
A 
A 
A 
A 

 r 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

 n o s m u t miners 
AUDITO RIUM 
A ir co n d itio n e d fo r w e d d in g s, receptions, dances, etc Holds up to 44o p e o p le 
G re a te r S A. 
Builder Assoc a t li N W 
IH-1o tt6 38oo_______________________ 
A Aouger cleans clogged drains and sewers best - plum bing repair too One call does it all, prices before we s ta rt seven doys o week Call anytim e 3414114 or the white pages tor A Aouger_______ 
Almost Free Transportation 
To San F ra n c is c o , San Diego, 
Denver, D C , Philidelphia 
Coll 
22* IM I_______________________ _ 

A TOUCH OF CLASS 
Best looking G irls in Texas Mas sage of PARIS HUBB l l Beauties to choose from Open IO: 3o am to 
3 am. Direction 6*2-2***.________ 
4 bedroom, ? bath, home plus 4 opts $1ooo mo income 6F4-Stil, 
144-1413._______ _ 

COWBOY’S ” 
DISCOUNT 
, On most E xo tic M assages T ry it Y o u 'll lik e it ' P A R IS R U BB . 
Open IO JO am to I pm. *92-2*** 
I EVA IS H E R E ! 
G e rm a n y s 
I Answer to Miss Am erica 
"Sheer 
Beauty! 
PARIS RUBS. «*?-2*V< 
EVER HAVE A Switch Massage? 
CaH Debbie tor Details, 4*2-299* 
F ix tu re s fro m J e w e lry S tore 
I QUITTING BUSINESS MUST BE 
M OVEO BY M AR 24th 9 w o ll 
] coses, IO Moor roses, I glass is i la n d s . 392-3494 o r o tte r 4pm i 392-9449 Son M arcus 

FOR RENT 
H ourly or do ily A u d ito riu m and 
Party room beautiful North Side 
Location, great tor music, clubs, n o r tie t. w e d d in g re c e p tio n s , m e e tin g s of o il k in d s 
C a ll 
144 4439 N e ar N o rth S ta r and 
Central Pork M oll 

To P la c e Y o u r 
B irth A n n o u n c e m e n t 
C all M s . Ja m e s 
225-1666 

FREE 
WATERBEDS 
EXOTIC 

7o1 ■— A n tiq u e *-C o tte r to re 
7 o 2 -7 2 6 — S ports, fo re ig n 

7 3 o -7 4 3 — Cars— For Sole o r Trade 
7 4 4 — -C ustom ised Cere— 
S peed-R acing Equip 
7 4 6 
Trucks 8 C o m m e rcia l 

' A m & g e m u l fo r y o u r 
V alentine 

7 4 B — M o to rc y c le s — 

7 5 o — W a n te d -A u to s, 
Trucks, Traders, 
M o to rcycle s 
7 5 2 — G e n e ra l A u te 

7 54 — Tires ' Auris — 

7 5 6 — A u to . 

7 5 8 — A irc ra ft 
■Supplies 

A ID A C R E A T IO N S 
4ooo Bianco Bd 
344-7o14 

ETHEL'S FLO W E R S A N D 
GIFTS 
3313 Wast Ave. 
349-1371 

M A T T H E W 'S FIN E 
FLO W ER S 
Delivery Service 
'o 2 f BHH BICK IBURG 
731-1331 

A A R F LO R A L D E S IG N S flow er* and Gift* 
W ire -City Wide O-hvery. 
Credit Card* t i l dotted 
131-7347 

F LO W E R S B Y J U L IA l i t I I . Z e n arriere 
214-11o7 

W O R T H O R C H ID S 
Diva Red Orchid Plant fa r Valentine 
2ooo Lew ride Ie 
62o-63*1 

SUE WEEMS 
^ 
ASSOC., REALTORS 
826-o6o6 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
Infect family living in this 4 becoom, 2 bath, in choice location. 
Garden kitchen. 
Good loan to assume Under SSO.OOO 
826-o6o6 
. 
Mites 824-6683 

NORTHWOOD 
Beautiful rock home on large treed lot, comer lot with attached garages to side street, 23 ft fondly room, sprinkler system. Mid SO s. 
8264)6o6 
Mites 826-5964 

NORTHWOOD TERRACE 
A tremendous fondly home m im­ maculate condition 
5 bedrooms, 
2'/? both, large fondly room, 38 ft. pool, sprinkler system Mid 7o s (all us so we can UVT about this one! 
•26-o6o6 
Mites 824-3563 

NORTHWOOD 

(harm golore in this colonial on a freed corner lot 3 bedroom, 2VS bath, large den, exciting garden room overlooking pretty backyard. 
A MUST SII! 
8264)6o6 
Niles 824-6689 

’ v ir g in ia C ER V E N K A 

R E A L T O R 
6 5 5 - 5 1 3 1 

LOVELY GARDENHOUSE 
In Windcrest. 2 bedroom, 2 both, sunroom, 2 way fireplace separates hying area ond dining 544,8oo 

WINDCREST 
SI3 Winfield, newly redecorated and carpeted, TSOU sg. ft of living area across sheet from golf course. 
Open Sunday Orive by 

WANT A NEW ONE 
Hove 
2 under construction in 
Windcrest. I nearing completion. 
Both 4 bedroom, 2 VS baths and den 

STERLING BURKE 
REALTORS 
Ifch. 
824 -6 3 51 

CASTLE HILLS 
(omer lot, well maintained home ond giounds, dosed aicuit TY, lots of living space 

LOCATED NEAR RANDOLPH 
Spacious new 2 ond 3 bedioom patio homes, located rn northeast 
San Antonio, spectacular view 

TOR LEASE 
Oft**, mad. warehouse northern San Antonio spate. 

BOB JONES 
REALTOR 
3 44 -2 3 41 

UNUSED YEARS FOR SALI 
4 unit furnished apartment house near ft Sam, well maintained and in good rental area Owner will finance m a u l B iasofW A u 
344-2341 
344-5549 

JUST BETTER THAN most in neighborhood, 2 2-2, pecan bees, so dean ond many extras. 
RUBY WRIGHT 
344-234) 
342-5847 

REDUCED! to 542,9So, lovely 2 story, 2V?-2 in 
Kirby. Convenient Military Bases and 
Windsor 
Pork 
Mall 
Quick 
Possession. 
MAX JU HORTON 
344-2341 
653-5936 

CONFUSaUS SAY 
"Cheaper to live neor high school than to buy cor for teenager" In­ quire about this 3 bedroom, 2 bath for 524,SOO 
KRY I WDG AND 
344-2341 
342-6456 

CLARA BELLE CATHER 
REALTOR 
. 
3 4 4 -o 2 2 5 

NORTHWOOD BEAUTY 
A fantastic custom built borne with every extra imaginable1 
4 bedrooms, 3'/? luxury bottu Unique mnster bedroom suite. Gazebo! A must for your discriminating ex­ ecutive 5115,ooo 

TRINITY AREA 
Perfect for lemodeling-lovely older home on gorgeous pie shaped lot. 
2 bedrooms fireplace. 
Very spacious! 532,5oo 

BLUE BONNET HILLS 
(harming, older 2 bedroom home 
Fireplace. Separate dining room. 
Maids quarters Priced 54o,5oo 

ALAMO HGTS. 
Cute as pm! Completely refurbished with the young newlywed in mind. 
2 bedrooms, separate dining room. 
Pretty kitchen Just off Broadway. 
534 5oo 
344-o225 
824-6828 
696-5793 
344-8462 

HODSDON & ASSOC. 

R E A L T O R S 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 

ADAMS HILL 
New on market spacious 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, sunken kvmg room, cathedral ceilings, separate family room loaded On 7% note. 

LACKLAND TERRACE 
Older beauty 3 bedrooms, I both, range, carpeting, large, shaded lot 
Assume S'/«% not? of 589 per month OR NO GOWN VA 

(f MOBTHV 
I MONTH I 
Ij^^M O tT 

CALL A 
KEY GROUP REALTOR 

Sterling B u rk e ...................................... 8 2 4 -6 3 5 1 
P ete Cantu ( N o r t h ) .......................... 7 3 6 -4 2 9 6 
P ete Cantu (S o u th ).......................... 5 3 2 -7 5 o o 
C lara Belle C a th e r............................. 3 4 4 -o 2 2 5 
V irg in ia C e rv e n k a ........................... 6 5 5 -5 1 3 1 
G a s e -B a k e r............................................ 6 9 o -8 9 9 o 
Hodsdon & A ss o c ia tes.................... 6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
Don Johnson (N o rth w e s t) . . . . 3 4 4 -3 o 7 8 
Don Johnson (N o rth e a s t).............. 8 2 8 -8 2 4 1 
Don Johnson (N o rth C e n tral) . . 4 9 4 -7 7 1 I 
Bob Jones (N o r th )............................. 3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 
Bob Jones (S o u th )............................. 3 4 4 -2 3 4 1 
D ale R ile y ............................................... 4 9 4 -3 5 4 1 
Sue W eem s & A ssociates 
8 2 6 -o 6 o 6 
G ene W ils o n ....................................... 6 5 6 -3 4 4 1 

K E Y P E O P L E 

•"KEY P L A C E S 

DON JOHNSON C O .^ 
NORTHW IST......................... 344-3o78 
I C lN TX A l 
494 7 7 ’ I , 
NORTH (A S T 
828 8 2 4 1 ^ 

U R G E TWO STORY 
Impressive two story, on oak stud­ ded lot. Enjoy 5 bedrooms, 3'/z baths, large family room with 
DHonnis tile floors end rich paneling 589,7oo 
344-3o78 
Kites 128-oo98 

WHISPERING OAKS 
S BEDROOMS! Exciting, executive home on wooded cul-de sac 25x16 parquet-floored family room with fireplace wall 
Gcmeroom, 
3'/i baths, 19x15 island kitchen, with nook 587,ooo. 
344-3o78 
Mtos 492-2545 
EXCELLENT LOCATION 

This sharp 4 bedroom home is rn popular Regemy 
Piece 
Prestige 
Home with fireplace ond other ex­ tras 
Wolk to elementary and 
MacArthur schools 552,9oo 
•28-8241 
Mites 344-1612 

JUST USTID 
This pretty 3-2-2, is in highly desirable Regency Place fireplace, drapes ond refrigerator Walk to elementary ond MacArthur Schools 
Excellent condition Only 549,ooo 
828-8241 
Mites 655-2437 

HIU COUNTRY VILLAGE large 4 bedrooms, 2 full boths, formal living and dining, completely fenced Over 4 acres. Priced to sell. 
5125,ooo 
494-7711 
HH** 494-2116 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
Immaculate 3-2-2, excellent floor plan built to perfection Beautifully landscaped, lorge living otto with fireplace and built-ins. Open kit then 
Truly a pleasure to see 
549,5oo 
494-7711 
MHM 826-5o55 

^ 
PETE CANTU 
^ 
R E A LT O R S 
7 3 6 -4 2 9 6 

146 CROMWELL lovin (ore has been lavished in this 
3 bedroom, 2 bath ond den home 
Beautiful wall to wall carpeting, real fireplace, custom drapes included, lovely kitchen that includes stove, refrigerator, dishwasher ond freezer, double garoge. Owner must sell (all 735-1978 

6627 BUENA VISTA ST. 
Spacious family home, 3 bedioom. 2 bath, living-family room ond kit chon, 2 cor garage Only 518,5oo 
(lose to Kelly VA. EHA terms 733 
8176. 

^ 
DALE RILEY 
^ 
R E A L T O R 
4 9 4 -3 5 4 1 

LOOK, SPLIT LEVEL 
Off Son Pedro. 4 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 patios, corner lot Mid 55o s NE 
School District 

EXECUTIVE HOME 
3 Bedioom, 2 bath, study, large fireplace in den, IV? acre lot in 
Shavano Pork. 

CUSTOM BUILT 
New Home 4 bedrooms. 2'/5 boths, fi'epkice in den and master bedroom, view oH large deck, wet bar, low county toxes, no city taxes. 

NEW ENERGY SAVER home located in the country I acre with 3 bedrooms, 2 bath, with a beautiful view. NE Son Antonio, out 
35 

GENE WILSON 
R EA LT O R S 
656-3441 

N. ALAMO HGTS. 

This 3 bedroom home is just the one for newlyweds or retired couples, located near bus service Assume monthly payments of 592 
Sales 

 price 517,25o. 

PARK NORTH 

 located on a corner lot, this 3-2-2 has woll to wall carpeting, full elec­ tric kitchen, covered patio Priced at 
536,1oo A must see before you 

 buy. 

NORTHEAST 

This 3 2 2 has an electric goroge door opener to let you in ond 2 fireplaces to keep you warm while you enjoy the lorge living areo. 
75% brick and o lovely backyard make this o reel borgoin Priced at 

542,5oo 

KELLY LACKLAND 
Mint condition, cathedral ceiling, highlights this 3 bedroom home 
Freshly pointed, fenced yard 
Assume monthly payments of 5)49. 
Priced of 521,875. 

BOB JONES 
REALTOR 
5 3 3 -7 1 6 3 

BELLAIRE 
2 bedroom, living dining combo 
Masonry front, paneled hoot, ond air conditioners, carpeting, carport ond storage (all 
WAITIR HOWARD 
533-7163 
923-o836 

4 BEDROOM 
Older home, siroWe rooms, wall to wall ond vinyl. 2 air condition utility room, goibage disposal, attic stairs 
VA appraised 518,ooo. 
Highland 
Park (all 
AUX)ME HAMAAONO 
533-7163 
534-767o 

HURRY! 
Owner says to hurry and sell this 3 bedroom, brick home (oil 
GIORGI LIE 
533 7163 
534-5565 

CLOSE TO ST. MARY'S 
Redecorated 
2 bedrooms, large family room, slab and plumbing for additional rooms Mony extras (all 
ROBERTA WHIT! 
533-7163 
333-1763 

GASE-BAKER 
R E A L T O R 
6 9 o -8 9 9 o 

* MAKE AN OFFER * 
On this 529oo equity ond assume loan large att brick 3 bedroom home with cornel fueptoce. TWIN 
(REEK AREA Something special, see it today! 

LOW EQUITY 
Neor lackland, clean 3 or 4 bedroom with cozy family hying Only 525oo equity let us show you this one today! 

12o BIOS & PROPOSALS 
1?o BUTS A PROPOSALS 
12o BIOS I PROPOSALS 

R P ^ 
R P C > R P C ? R P 
B P C ? R P 

PtRSOMALS 

 s /j l t ) k i k ) k ) l t ) k ) | ( ? K ? l ( i f c 
SURPRISE SURPRIS! 
Bdl Shannon Ioi aseity of f ere 
Stockton, Texas and frances 
(udel Shgnnan formerly of 
Pleasanton, lexas who were 

MASSAGES 
Given by the Foxiest G irts in Son I 
Antonio Best place to Relax ond : unwind '"Feel Better Fast"' Out­ side City Lim its Open IO JO to J am Direction s, o92-29Q*________ 
GET OUR WORLD Famous Lea 
Massage bv Oui Beautiful Blond 
LESIA Open IO JO am lo J am 
PARIS RUbB 4o? W 
I _________ 
Jiffy Press Instant P rin tino 
A h ill service p rin t shop neor you 
IMM McCuiiouph i t l l Son Pedro 
I TOI SW M ilita ry Dr 
4IOO Fredericksburg Rd 
We E. Rhapsody at Son Pedro 
Lynne's Better Health Solon 
oS6-F46o 
MASSAGES ANO FACIALS 
7366411 
Need ride from hrs! block Golden j Crown Or to Ft Som 3J2 4*o3 

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS i P rice Shop. Com pare S till leo lu rin g 1977 M assages a t I97J 
Prices Comet Meet our Beautiful 
New "M e c h a n ic s ". S om ething 
I new coming soon*! 
THE BOOY SHOPPE, 491 MOI 
| P L A S M A S E R V IC E S OF SAN 
I ANTONIO of UT A uditorium Cir j cie is now ooen to accept Blood 
, Donors You w ill be paid for your 
I iSSSSSSk S M B L Ti j zee? 
PROBLEMS? 
LO NELY? DEPRESSED? 
WITHOUT A FRIEND? 
For the REAL answers coll 
344 4M8. 

S K I 
N e w M e x ic o , C o lo ra d o 
C harter your own plane, Cobin 
Class Twin with lute phone, quod music. TV. Meals on board SUO per person (party a te ), round trip 
R u id o s o . SHO, A sp e n , V a le . 
LOST 
Feb J rd. wide ornate gold 
Steamboat, d c Well experienced puots using first class equipm ent 
Also flying fishing trips, business tups You nome it, w e ll fly if!! 
F IR S T T E X A S F L Y IN G SER- 
S A 
16**1111 or 
16**1471 

NOTICE TO BIDDERS 

Sealed Proposals addressed to the (aunty Judge (aunty af Brocks Falfurrias, will be received et the oHkc of the (aunty (lark, Brooks (aunty 
(outhouse, in foflumas. Texas, 71355, until 2 3o p.m., friday, february 25, 
Texas, 

1977 They mil then be publicly opened and read far furnishing oil necessary materials, machinery, equipment, superintendence, and labor for constructing certain Mnpcoyements ta the Breeks County Airport 

This plotter consists pnncipafly af the construction af a 5,ooo x 75 paved runway, railway apian, ond access read, including chomage improvements medium intensity lighting system, wind tone, mnwey mocking, fencing, ond turfing 

Bidders must subnet a (ashlar s et certified check issued by a bank satisfactory to the Owner, rn a Proposal Bond hem o reliable Surety Compony payable without recourse ta the order of the County of Brooks, rn an omounl not less mon five percent (5%) of the bid submitted os a guaranty that the Bidder enter into a contract ond execute bonds and guaranty rn the forms provided within ten (IO) days ofter nonce af award af contract to him Bids without the required check et Proposal Band wilt not bo considered 

 the Successful Bride■ shaM be required te furnish o Performance Bond ond o 
Payment Bond each rn the amount et the connect, written by o responsible 
Surety Compony outhorned to de business rn the State of texas and satisfactory to the Owner, ar. required by Article SIAO, V A T CS, at amended by H.B 344, passed by the 56th legrsiature. Beguin Session, 1959 

 ad by the pioposal form All es. The Owner reserves the r must supply lump sum and unit be slated rn both script ond right lo retort any or alt kris end to waive formalities In case of ambiguity lock of rlearners rn stating the prices rn the brit, the Qwnet reserves the right 
Ie consider the most 
Unreasonable (ar Ui the bx) Bidden art exported ta ms per I tho Mio of the work and lo inform i aNfeci 

 construction thereof, et lo roper the bid 
) unit prices wit! authorize the Owner Ie feted 

1o8 LOST ARO FOUND 

S U D D E N L Y 

 wedding aunter’suey 

M I e t m a NOiSC jew 
' wwmm rn* wwm 
% 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

9o1 wee** MflUNbiVMMMA 64^M6o3b#H4l'fl)S 
9 o 3 — lu U d b ig l 
9 o 5 — boreable I 
9 o 7 — furniture 

9 1 o — Appetence* 
61 2 — F lee M a rk ate 
9 1 4 — A n tiq u e * 
9 1 6 — A m , C rate*, beseem 
6 1 8 
Calm 6 Je w ab y 
9 2 o — Co m a re 
FN a* a 

 w ee wewnry-eeMMatra-pee* 

A N E W MASS A O L L O L A I IO N 
•i O u ts id e c ity Professional mas 
{ se uses 1223d IH M N orth between i O'Connor 6 Judson Rds b A t l s < U L 6 f c f . m . o l Local 
I sin gles C all D a to tin o te ll tro o j IBM) 441 IM S 
_______ 
■ E n la rg e Y o ur C irc le * of S ingle 
, Friends Join 
S U BU R BA N SIN 
G LE DAT ING S E R V IC E 
Call 
• *34 1271. W rite MSI M ichelle Way 
Sen Antonio, Texas 7B2JQ 
E x p e llin g U N e*o*. Ted I, - 
Call Vtcfci or Jon* at 312 *3* ires 
(Coil Collect) 
They hove been in vow? shoes and I hee want to help 
|Alt atte m otives discussed_______ 
*611 H r L ^ with an unwed grog nancy, call Edna Gladney Home, 
Ft Worth. TX I oo6/o3-U M 
Matchm aker Inc 
Singles IO OO yrs, m trodacmes 
J*6 l l I S. 3*6-1 u s _______ 
P S E M ! needed to be sol lo music 
We otter 316,oo4 cash aw ards * ro ya ltie s and pub lish ing For a tree evaluation send your poems lo Country Creations, Box tan. 
Nashville Tennesee J il l* 

MVISTOCR 

9 4 o — Lr v wstech - feeri- lUS ILAO f DURU 

Yw T pgp gyJbrovn^*nS r? 
Estates area. 

9 4 1 — Produce 

6 4 3 ii.' Para* tquipraearap 

To »MM I w ix h M Orem train es moose Sot 
From nape mdoe 

198— Card e t th emu 

16 8 — Meeme* , l le e s n 
IO * — rumored IMreMeeo 

WWW 
1o8 

7 Z Z 3 
I Oak 
I m m d 
I ii 6 I T "" A sp on r a r a - B c 
POV) 
■Fenm anes* m ole, blonde w ith 
Plack machines 
*2J JOW 
*7664o3 
I I osT H a ck beg of t u r f it e ! ll* ttr timer* It H r word Celt 12* *14! n > T t 
Elk o'rid'Tan tom ' p u p ,; 
No co u p ! 
Ans lo Josie. F ie * 
Holm * Areg *32 733* 

LOST 
Piano* P e kin g *** Bleck m arkings mole N am * Windsor 

LO S T 
D a lm a tia n M a l* I*7 $ 
Tags Jebel son Area r e w a r d 
7 1 * i3 fti M P J Z tL _______________ 

Sentimental 
Reword u m n 
| 
LOST 
Fem ale N orw eigan Elk hound nomad 
Perky near 113* w ire 
Club on River w alk. earn Feb IO w j i i 
Charles Pico SS* JSZi REW ARD' 
LOST Groat Dane, town tomaiof e a rs c ro p p e d , v ic in ity of ■ 
R id g e w o o d 
C la m 
TANGLEWOOD Subdivision 4JO i 
Maplewood o22 1332 Please Coll i 
Atter «__________________ ______ 
LO ST 
Iris h s o fte r p u p p y in 
She vono P ark «T7 I a I T 
_ l o s t 
M A LE G E R M A N SHE 
PH E R o H O LLY W O O D PA R K 
AREA *o * 1o23 
______________ 
, LOST 
M in ia tu re g ra y , b la c k poodle with red (o lio i Vicinity ut ' 
JST Set logwood REW ARD Call 
OH-7o77 or US 2SoI_____________ 
LOST • m onth female Irish Settei scar left hind leo bum surgery needs m ed ita tio n ' J* I j;«3 
L O S T : 
S a lt a n d p e p p e r 
S th n o u ie r v ic in ity of B a n a n a and Shernlbruuk R E W A R D '(a il 
*3671*3 ar 723 S lid 
___ j LO ST 
S a lt and p e p p e r 
Schnauzer, v ic in ity ut B o ndeio ond Shem lbrouk REW ARD! Cull 
*3631*3 Of 7*3SI IR.______________ 
LOST 
S m e ll b le c k P o o d le 
F e m a le 
F ru d e r le k spur a 
Chompers Reward 3*6 ISI 3___ 
L ost T u e sd a y, m ole * mo old 
Doberm an, v icin ity JJT Tim ber ; 
Rule Childs pel, re w e ld see I tat 
LOST w Craig, sm all reo white rang haired m ixed female dug 
* /6 M l J 
LO ST w h it* S lu m s * * * cat 
V ic in ity E x e te r Rd 
T e r r e ll 
P la ta R E W A R D N a m * 
Nu 
Me Nay 
IM *4*2 Or 
723 SIS*, 
JMT 
! 
Northern* Per b e ra ttle * Agency 
We rind l» *t Pots 716*311 
___ 
ISO R E W A R D for in fd rm a lio n le adin g lo the lo tg r n at black 
Ie mule Doberman « mo old pup, 
* i ow lick un pack at nock met iran scar on tower ran che** Last seen in y a rd of N o rla n d * !* re intone* T2J 3o3* 
I 
REW ARD 
Lost W hit* Femora tiny toy Poodle Thor at tom in > 
Town View Estates Puppy need* 
Surgery and is on Special dial 
* M id d * 734*371 
I 
WARD 
LOST m e t* toy c o lli*. Roar 416 and Vance jackson at Fad M art 
M IS S I*. w n u f i l m E is u m — 
ON A WANI * o 
IMI N U M H I IO CAU 
IS J J* 1*oo lit o t e s AMO M IW * 

Ski New Mexico Colorado 
Charter your own Hight ll7 1 per parson round trip (p a rty ut 4). 
For details, can t i l l ) SM M7t 
SUNDAY S P E C IA L! H alf P oco 
Massage tram l l * F ro * Sauna 
/it JMT 4211 Bianco Rd 

Ihomsolvos regaling an local condittocn 

Minimum a m and toto rates for th* comtructioa of th* proposed work have boon ostabbJiod by th* Secretary of labor ond a schedule O' Sober (IussiIko tram ond wag* rates to bo pad we included in th* ipocificotwns end will o* mode o part of th* contract Th* bid fem will contain a stet*men, that th* praos bra a e based on such wag* rates 

Th* proposed contract is under ond scrip ct to txocutrv* Order 11246 af Sop to M J I " 
' temper 74 IHS, and lo th* equal opportunity douse lh * successful briefer wdi ho requited to submit a lertrhcohon of Nonsegregated f oralities prier to award of lh* contrail, and lo notify prospect** subcontractors of th* roquMomonl tor such a (emfnation where lh* subcontract exceeds 51o.o8o Samples of th* 
(citification end th* bol ire of Sobcontroctot appear in th* specific titrant 
Women will bt afforded eau*! opportunity rn all wags of emptoymont 
However, the emptoynieni et women shod not dr^woish lh* stondords or re queerness tor th* emgieyinonl of mmontios A contractor having 5o rn m a* employees ond tm subcontractors having SO a m a t employees who may bo o worded a subcontract of 55o.ooo rn ma*, wdi bo required to mom tom an of 
In motive action program within 12o days of th* commomomtnt of th* ran lr od 

■ proposal ferns, specifications and plans a * on Mo in 
(loth, Blocks County Courthouse faHuirios, Urns 
Inferno hon fe th* office of lh* County 

(•pres of th* Flans and Specifications may he secured from the County of 
52o OO mad* poyobt* to S C * oturn of th* pions ond spa of Nm deposit wdi be returned to th* Brid*) on submission of o Bono rid* bid on th* work, with such alans and specifications, a upon leturmeg th* plans aid ipaifhotrans immediately uh* tee im notion pf sam*, and 

 boohs, upon a deposit of o guarani** af th* safe return of th* to 5 I Garza fngtnoors. Inc cifKOhons The full nm* 

 t r im A SWIM I Ileum * Member ship 
SJM 
Value. Soil tor 3236 
636*766 
U ORIVE OUR CARS 
ANY CITY SHARR GAS 
N A T . INC 
_____ ( 7 l|t T6oIoJQ_____ 
W A N T E D 
166 m e m b e rs to r 
C h ristian Club of Singles M ore inform ation 
Call 
674 M46. 
♦ 73 8 3 * 7 
_____ ________ 
Won! G arcon Riot* 3 min N Lone 
*16 oft Son Repro Water in g u irt 

 m BIOS & PROPOSALS 

S ealed b io p ro p o s a ls w ill be received by the Boar a el Trustees of me N o rth East independent 
School D is tric t tor the follow ing items at me lunes shown 

I FAIR OF VENE TIAN BLINDS 
2 OO p rn 
Wednesday 
February 16, 1*77 
MAGAXINSS le a P M Wednesday 
February l l , 1*77 

I B ids te rm s m ay be p ic k e d up r ariel lo bid open ma rn the office a the D ire c to r et P u rc h a s in g , 
N I D D 
16311 Broadway San 
Antonio, Texas I I lk * attention 

121 -IHM H B I 
| 

NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEAR IN G 
•or lo a p p lica tin ut Hoi inside in I dependent St noel D istrict Special empdses p i OI eel Right lo-read US 
Office of Education, Fridley. Fe b r u e r y l l , I 31 to l l 16 A M 1 
Westwood T errace E le m e n ta ry j 
’iU J tL m t.k s s .s . 
_______ i 
We w ill net be response bra tor any debts in c u rre d other than o ur i salvos R L GREER ANO OEN 

^ X ^ U J ^ M ra m ra e iiiw m w i-w w w ; 
- 2o1 RtAl LSI All mOTlCES 

A T T E N T IO N ' GOV T H O M t S o r* alf over lawn down paym ent l i b a n d up 
C o lt G R E A T E R 
— I YA ).lf# RE ALTY 661-6144 
I 

 nA f napea 
_ f err err sd 

 eft*, ecsminelran ita l a bd wdi net be submitted, advising tho posit wdi bo 

 b rig * friopct* G C o n t, it. 
CMNVty llM§9§* 

 lh * South lexas Aiea Unsung* 
Lax lend Air face Bes* lexas, offers fa sob on* walk in fioeca, two comportment 281 72oV Fits pertly* bribers may obtain bid ferns, • listing of equipment, and inspect sam* by contacting Mi 
Joseph N Laton. Brig JOI Fats* 
Garden (af*. 
Monagei s Office ft 
5am Houston. Texas, from 88o t m 
I* 9 OO arn , 15 fob 7/ thru I7f*b. 
77 Seated brit mil bo mewed in 
(upbeat* at lock lend AFB, Bldg 
71o1. Lockland AH Tens. 71236, untti 48o pm , IS fob 77 lb * I i change itserves ife right ta rated any ond att brie Term USM 

124 IKM NOTICES 

 l g - m m Fitw p m 

N O T IC i 

Antonio IndopariertMxheoi District thai a psribc boating (oncrmwsu ria district s upper chon ta (adoral tun ding unto Tri* VII Bringuri Act wdi be M d at 3 p m rn lh* library of 
Magd I la nai tray School AOI N las 
Maras, on •odnosdey february 16, 
1977 It writ bt conducted by th* fr it 
Hl§ 
CmitMtttt, Mfv 

Me orion et Hi* Im* Til Bdmawri 
C fi' n i I lJ?ii I 'it ** I - Ivfr * ’ 
! ■ i ’n 
Gen robe, Mrs fvangebn* Gate, Miss 
Trine* Heyworth. Mrs. fife Mo* 

Vista M a***. Mn Sam Ma tm .’ b n 
Ahey Reyes, Mn Gdbtrt Trion oaf Mrs 

 donen, Mrs May ftth a Bound, Mr 
J UUU 
Hfv foififH&i tofu, Met 

MDS WANTED 

I Sealed Bets addressed to the City 
Clerk City Hall, Son Antonio, Toros will be received la LCC FAH OfVElOF 
MENT rn acor dom? with (dons ond specificohons on Id* in Hi* Office of 
James H Acosta, fngmeenng Division fourth floor of City Hoi! 
2. Th* bids shah be submitted to duplicate, the envelop? containing any bid lo be endorsed lh follows 
ICC FABK DfVElOfMfifl 
A TRUTY 
UVE DOLLAK - (523 DO) - deposit will be req un ta on each set o< pton ond specifications 
3 
A I ashier s (heck a Iud bond payable to th* orda a* the (in of San 
Antonio, Texas, in on omounl not less than five per cent (SH) of the total bid, mutt accompany each rad as a guarantee that if owortrid ’he con heft th* successful burier will pro­ mptly enter into a contract and ex aute a bend on th* stondurd ferns provtdod, os ouHmtd in th* specifics lions ond contract documents 
4 Bult wdi be received rn the Office of the 
(ity 
Clerk until 
2.8o 
PM, 
TUESDAY. MATCH 8 1977 and then publicly opened ond read aloud, wry 
Mds received affa that wdi be return 
*d unopened 
5 A Performance Bond, rn on amount of not loss (hon on* hundred per cent 
(1oo%) of lh* contract pm*, ten ditionod upon lh* faithful performance of lh* contract and upon 
Hi* poyment of oil persons supplying toto ond furnishing mgtenafs, will be required A Payment Bond, os required by Art SIAO, BXS. Texas, must also be 

6 Th* successful bidder wd! be re quired t* * ca u li th* stondad ta i 
((ruction con lr ort ptopatd and sup f id by lh* City 
Th* City r*sav*s Hi* right to reject any ond *N rids end wave any formalities 
B This it • proposed public works con trod ond Aiticri S1S9o K S Texas. os orts*tried, requiring (hot not fess 
Ikon th* pi evading wag* rate fe work of a vendor rh * arter rn din Locality shall bo peri ok ritoors, workmen ond mahomet tmpriv*d in th* con strut hon thereof strait bo complied with 
9 
"P dO N -D IS C R (ANIM AT­ 
IO N 
IN 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
BIDDERS O N TH IS W O R K 
W IL L 
RE 
REQUIRED 
TO 
C O M F IT 
W IT H 
THE 
PR ESIDENT'S 
EX EC UTIVE 
ORDER BAO. 
1 1 2 4 6 . 
THE 
REQUIREAtUNTS AOR R ID ­ 
DERS 
A N O 
C O N ­ 
TR AC TO R S 
UNDER 
TH IS 
O RDER 
ARE 
E X P L A IN E D 
IN THE SPEC IEtC A VIO N S 
G.V. JACKSON, IU. 

Q ty C lgrk 

12o BIDS K PROPOSALS 

INVITATION FOR BIDS 
Th* Urban Berseem! Agency of the 
City of Son Antonio 
I exes end receive Bids for Maker Squat. Bosn 
Teed* lex 
K TI Project former s 
Market Powa Wiring, located Fro doc* low ond Bueno Vista ond Santo 
Rose and (ambo Shoot, until 28o 
F M 
(ST on lh* 
74th Day of fobruaiY. 197 at 411 south Laredo 
Sheol, So? Anton*, I nos /BTO? al wtirch tini? and pine? ai) rads will oe pubkcty apersee aim read aloud f un tm<t i ’ocuments. including 
T«.in t*, n a technical 
Satcifk amins, an ai. fit* at th* artic? of 
Uiba«R?ri**ei Agency af lh* (tty of 
Son Antonio, Texas al 4IB Smith foredo Shoot, Son Antonio, lexas 
782o7 fogies of th* (antral Documents may be obconrad by depositing 
55ooo with th* Urban 
Renewal 
Agency af Hi* (ity of Jan Antonio, 
Texas fe tech se’ af documents so obtained filch such deposit will be refunded if th* Drawings and (on hart Documents a * returned rn good condition within IO doys after led opening 
A certified check a bonk draft, pavabi* to th* a d a of Orion 
Renewal Henry of Hi* (tty of San 
Antonio 
Texas n*g*t.obi* 
US 
Government bands (ri pa value), a a satisfactory Bx) Bond executed by th* Bidder ond an ateptobi* surety, in on amount aquo! to five patent 
(SH) of th* lotoi of Bri fe (on structran shall be submitted with tmh hid 
Attention is (oiled to th* fort that 
M i loss than th* minimum tola tot and wages os sri forth rn Hi* (on tract Daumtnts must he pad on this pr*t*rt, and that th* (o n h a fe must ensure that emariyees ond ap priori* fe employment a t not drwnmmriod agonist decoys* of ibex race cafe. religion sox, a na tonal origin 
Tira Uthun Itnowol Agency of th* 
(tty of Son Antonio, I exes risottos 
Hie right to rawer any a od Iris a to th* bid 

 lids mo* be hold by th* Urban 
Renewal Agency of th* City of Son 
Antonio, Texas, fe • period not to exceed thirty {3o) days from th* date of th* opening of Iris fe th* papas* of reviewing the Iris end in 
Mitigating th* qoahfitanont of Bid den prior to awadmg of th* (an had 
Urban Nawaatri Agency af trio 
Qty of to t Antonio. loin* 
Ny Monoid8. M ila m . 
Tirta Figwort (.aerometer l l , 1977. 

2o1 K A I ESTATE BATIKS 

2o1 
UUU. [S TAIE IQ T ICtS 

S CASHS 
FOR YOUR HOMS OR KQ UITY 
YUK FAV A L L CLOSING COSTS 
*166131 
HUGHKS A BRISCOE 

N O TIC E Od 
C .P .A . E X A M IN A T IO N : 
Mu ne* tv to r aby |pew* en to- qubed by tow, 
(tor wa- nmKMMWwi tor 
CM iWUwte we i», tin** pun** mSSS S uM fe# hmkS m far- ^*LTiitifiiri fp ff 
WVurrn M u o u . out In to * ck. 
’ • * « f to y 4 
L e t o 4, 

•T*X mT fe ane* Renew C a n d jS 
RMV? 
A % c~6st#jM SriHIRI V#9RF#B t*a « . 
7 • TO’ 
( e a g t.ii era- 
_ -j j« a rue- 
Nm * * est*, 
. 
IHM#* Ow WI Am Au»rtn rW w a* 

2o1 KAL ESTATE K81ICES 

SECORE YOU SELL 
L ot us m ake a CASH a lte r to r your homo or equity Coll now’ 
The 
Home 
M art 
*33 n o t 
• uv Reel t sto le N ro c ie k o ro k chego S u b tr ib e F oreclosures 
Rn— ct m o m ________ 

CASH for HOMES ■ 
Af* Buy HOMBS — A EO U lTlB S 
Hors*et. B ritt-ion!, and F a il Soc- 
I vice Mf* nay alt Closing Carib. 
I Cad Tony to b or m c*. 341-6116 
SPEC I A, BKALTORS 
C ath loc sour Nor inside eau lit 
. ky?v gynofcrjf J*i **>> a * »*f» 

 f l o w e r a n d g i f t s h o p 
Un ta rn * m oil W rit* FLOW ERS. 
F o Box 2433, Son Antonio. 742*7, giving Hume CHU attune nu 

 i m m e d i a t e c a s h 
For Your Home We — y oil clo* 
•na cori* t We albe tab* lr ados 
Col! m i n m /4 s n n i l 
C e n t u r y 21 

B M i Z tg A g J i f e fc lg a i tsts iis sts ss b s t 
• lim o IO HOUSES* 
San A n tonio R eal f b la t* pavb 
I cosh tor yours in Ft hours I na* i ON dosing cost 34*-6331 
I 
(HMWIWHMMH 
L it t in g s n e e d e d 
♦tov* buyers tar Hi— land Fork 
Caroa* Heights- n ift ily .u , High ' 
Arons Professional Service 
BONA M ROSIN 
333 *646 
Need to Soli Y o u/H ons* Now? 
For FAST SE R V IC E—-Colt 
34* SMC H art M cC orm ick P e o n y , 

 net Num oia to CAU 
IS t i s 1*6o 
C A F H !SS ANO N im s 

MO DOWN PAYMENT 
Anyone can buy, Vets don t us* their e lig ib ility 
J * bedrooms. 2 b a th s, sa m * w ith a ir and appliances 
Payments toss than rent 
•O B DEPAOLO 
34* 34*1________ 
REALTOR 
PR O P ER TY OWNERS WO soil homos lo r $344 com m ission Ex ample of lh * m atey we cen save you W* soil you home tor S36.OOO ond you Poy y o u r b ro k e r SS 
I c o m m is s io n b ro k e r re c e iv e s b ilb i- bow m u ch do you got? 
C h a rle s 
W a lls 
R oot 
E s ta te 
! 733-2*11. 732-3331. 211 *144 Open 
2* hoar* o dov I day s a woo l__ 

RENTAL M ANAG EM ENT 
Nev* our professional staff hen die vee rental properly Coli tor details today. 
SJ64I24 
Nim s **61444 

CASTIE HILLS $86,5oo. 

Near elementary, Eisenhauer and Churchill schools... this 

 beautiful home has something for every member of the 

 family! A living room, 32' long ... family room with a warm 

 fireplace, a big, patio enclosed for a sunroom! S bedrooms, 
3 baths ... great kitchen! 
494-7771 

TRINITY AREA $135,ooo. 

Handsome, 9’ ceilings grace this superbly constructed, very 

 traditional Hume'* .. mspiaces enhance the decor of the living and fondly rooms, and the dining room has a bay 

 window! 3 bedrooms, 3 baths, study and lovely quarters. 
Pool and patio! 
824-9631 

GARDEN RIDGE $99,5oo. 

A country air goes with this lovely home ... set on Vc of an 

 acre, filled with trees, pool ond cabana ond lots of decking! 

All brick, frith a wood shingle roof . . . carpeting in living, 

 dining rooms, hropioced family room, 4 bedrooms... even 

 the kitchen, breakfast room! Game room bos IO bor for parties. 
653-7341 

UNIVERSITY HILLS $99,5oo. 

 live oaks ond a lovely, rock patio surround the heated pool of this rustK ranch styli home . . complete with a sundeck 

 and woodland view! 18 ceiling and a rock fireplace in the 

 living room . wolnut paneling in the family room 3 nice bedrooms 
824-9631 

MONTE VISTA $78,9oo. 

This exciting ond movotive area has o palatial, 2 story 

 home with o magnificent living room with high, boomed 

 ceiling and a fireplace .. another fireplace is in the big 

 family room! 5 bedrooms, 3 baths .. separate quarters,., what a find!" 
494-7771 

G i g C a p m a n C b . 

REALTORS 

281 
M A I TST*!! NOTICES 
W - m m m * 

WHY FAY RENT? Own your own nom *, no down povm ont to an­ yone* Payments toss than rent i :oyu Monlgom ei V 
SSI 144* 
IX * SUE W E E M S A ASSOC , sprinkler system MW Ft's Call us to w * ton RAVE about lids one! 
*26466* Niles 636 3363 ! 
C e n t u r y 21 2o2 awm ara 
W A.KEFIECD r e a l t o r s 
WANTEO 
Homo rn I . Control, 3o,446 equity, I . * '* » » e«*r«*no off W Av* 
1266 m o n th ly p a y m e n t. 3 bo- 
B P IO A BUILDERS ins i« * u n dream*, I i i b a ris We bae* very sot teas Ilio n ! Call Jim 

ALL ERICK J bedroom I 1 j b a ri 
HOME BU ILT ON YOUR LOT 
*16*14 to ll G ordina ort w Av* 

SJI *213 
MITES MF t o ll 
C e n t u r y 21 
W A K E FIE LD REALTORS 

W EH NIV YIM MOM) 
F a cash Feral Service ram tro d * 
FOOT H ILLS 
•O E OePAOLO 
---- 

BY OWNER 
OPEN HOUSE, Sal 
' ana Sun * 1 J bedroom, }' > b a ri fu lly car poled ce n tra l a ir boat, waler sorrier private back yard jlr p e bouse, la rg o p a ll* , w ith 
I o r ig in a l d a im o n E a o rm a n n sculptured to ani am dr tex dares o u t pit NE ISO on Cal Do Sec, 
*2* 346 Refinance a assume lien 
126 TURTLE C R EE K, IN THE 

.B & ffe T iff I 
„ kAFBISS ANO SHW* 

4 B e t a Ie fantails 
F6*3 PIM LICO (LOT **) 
, New luxury nom * built on hHtsiOe 
4< l l a er* tra ct dusiqned to ex- plfett TH* ffiQ tftititfe ftt vtt'w * any sooting su m m a breezes Fooloi 
; "Hi * bedrooms, J b a ris gamer aam, 2 stone fireplaces 2nd s lu t, d e c k s , m a x im u m in s u la tio n . 
' system a ir beat, sunken tub j w et b o r, lu n y c a rp e te d p lu s 
I riom dO fiArp m Fair Oaks Rogue! and Swim Club Home open doily 
, tor inspection Drive oui IM ie I* 
I Loon Springs a x il, proceed on access road to Camp Stonier sign, 

_ 
OO* SMITH CD. 

 l? S * ift«VLe L e N N 
•*» * ? 
■ J I J, la rg e m aster, u tility ana 

 bito assume !»«♦» v a or 
M E AOOW GREEN. 

A 
D 
S 
2 
LINES $ mV 

S 
A 
V 
I 
N 
G 
S 
. 
. 
. 
I 
O d a y s 
# 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

I 
N 
- 
1 
6 
6 
6 
QUICK RESULTS! 

Our NORTH CENTRAL REGIONAL OFFICE ... 

 but we have not left our community or 

 neighborhood friends and clients. Our new 

 office is larger and will enable us to give 

 you better service. We are located at 12o15 

SAN PEDRO, also fronting 12o18 NORTH 

LOOP ROAD which offers you convenient 

 parking. Call us as you've always done for 

 your real estate needs, or come by and join 

 us for coffee. We hope you’ll like our new 

 office. 

494-7771 or 

344-3o41 
G u y C A ip m d n G b . 

R EA LTO R S 

2o2 HOUSES Oral 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 
2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

 looking for a new home? 

TO D A Y 'S YOUR LUCKY DAY ... 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 

$39,95o to 555,ooo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
Meadow W ood North 
494 -6163 

529,95o to $4o,ooo 
Jones-Moltsbgr at Thous, Ooks 
The Great Northwest 
684-1 I 23 

$37,9oo to $5o,ooo 
PM 471 at Culebra 

• VA, 
FHA, Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
• Double Garages • North East or Northside 
Schools 

Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 

• WHISPERING OAKS • COUNTRYSIDE 
• HUNTER’S CREEK 
PRESTIGE HOMES 
• Etna ant ana luxurious 
• 
(Mila aod oak traee 
• In Noi th Batt or North aid* 
School District 
• ft*/-root ton ains* 
• Honan stokes ta *12o.6oo 
Patio, harden aaa Eat .la Homa*. Or seige* att*, cir*tow tau.in chao** rn- W HiSH'RtNG tartar ancor 

492-1o68 . 4944124o . 4o2-2272 

 a STOP a COOK a C O M P A R E a 
★ ALL BRICK HOME * 
* 1 6 ,9 5 o 
YOUR 1o*1 
3 Bedroom — I VS Baths 
We also build larger houses. 

Model Homo— TOI I Gordina 
(OH 3ooo Slock W ast Avo.) 
Paneled kitchen and family room combination. 
W a A lto Do R am o d e lln g A F ire p la c e * 
349-1491 
341-oo16 
5917 San Pedro 
Specia Builders, Inc. 

 t o pin u T m d s n H 
F 
— r o c * ,: i s f t T 
CHURCHILL ESTATES 
14714 CHURCHILL ESTATES BOULEVARD 
Superb Motiles by toss* and truce Bober 
See lint tinting new 3 bedroom home in an tinting new ores Tim finely tonttrucled nature rock home Nun. beautifully with the turroundmg notme ooks the tingle living area it Highlighted by a fireplace ton veitotwn pl formal dining in th* sr parole dining room, informal dining in th* garden loom Othei lectures include energy toying centime lion. automatic garage doot opener smoke detector oloim 163,ooo 494 /SSI 
ANYTIME 

I f o s o u r t h d i m 
. 
REALTORS — 5 o YEARS O f TRUST 

919 FABULOUS 
O P E N ) TIC S 
Lo vely p re ttie r home, 3-2-2 tire place, heated pool. N E Schools north loop inc. 
B EAL TOW* M LS 

HIGHLAND HILLS- come 
S E E 34? H A R C O U R T 
4 bedroom home, priced to te ll 
E a ty leftist Open 2-4 Sunday 
224 *3» 
341-433* 
344 4414 
JA Dess 
*1* 3434 
Reg! E slate 

P A M IL V C H A R M all through the h au te 
P a n e le d den arith br tu t tost bor B o v win dew in bt e asiest nook 
1 1 1. hat w orkshop p n v o c y fenced, fruit 
Ire e t. outdoor b ar 
C o m e te e ! i 
Open 1—4 2419 Metbury For et! 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2121 

5122 K A Z E N I N K I R B Y 
Thit hoot* it worth teeing fir at. it you would like to live in K ir b y ' : 
Eu ler loin your friends on a iorge co ve re d p atio attach ed ta this lovely 3 bedroom . 2 bath. I c a r o a rag e hom e 
E a t r g t in clu d ed ate u range dishwasher gat huge disposal and built in stereo lope deck Open I to 5 P M today Call 
•24-o1/1 
RED CARPET 

O P E N 16 
425 27 29 FRESNO 
Tri plea in e acellen! rent tecofipn 
P o s itiv e co sh flo w , tw o I be droom t. one 2 bedroom , o reoi bargain 232 *111 

FAMILY REALTY 

O P E N I i 
SEIS CILLIS 
OAK H I L L } T E R R A C E 
Why not toke a Sunday drive and tee a dream hom e Owner m utt tell hit 4 bedroom . I bath home this weekend Cheerful, thutfered boy window and co ve re d polio loofct out into lovely treed yard 
Reduced to 115.4o6 le i i t l l 
RED CARPET 

I 
R E A L E S T A T E 
J 
C 
® 
] 

 r 
— 
1— 
1 

 i 

Haraat 
§ 

 jb ftflNWMMNWW 
Nortfcwdbt 
F4q*e‘46braeset 
213 
| 
91o 

 k 

OTEN 3:oo-5:oo 
3139 MAYFAIR 

In 
MAC ARTHUR TERRACE off 
ASTEROID. Custom-built home hos a heated pool, pebbled patio and a TRIFEl-CAR garogel 95% brick construction . with a foyer leading to a plush carpeted living room, glossed-in patio - sunroom with o flagstone floor and a paneled family room! 4 bedrooms 
(3 plus office, etc ), 2 boths 
Many, many extras! 
$57,65o. 
*53-7341 

OPEN 2:oo-5:oo 
72o2 GLEN MIST 

In THE GLEN oH GLEN MONI A I story, comer TOWNHOME with burglar bars of eoch window . sculptured carpeting in the open livina area 
Nice kitchen overlooks a privately fenced patio. 2 bedrooms, pretty bath 
NHI' outside 
Inside utility room storage Well-kept! 
$19,624. 
653-7341 

OPEN 2:3o-5:oo 
71o6 GLEN HAVEN 

In THE GLEN oH GLEN MONT Com pletely carpeted 
. even the good-tiled kitchen! living room is 
17x11.6 dining room overlooks the enlarged, covered patio. 4 bedrooms, 2 baths Ap­ prox. 14,227. assumes the VA loan at a low 1% ... pay only 
5194 per month! 
$25,75o. 
658-7oo7 

OPEN 2:oo-5:oo 
136o6 CHENILLE 
13611 CHENILLE 

TWO GARDEN HOMES in BLOSSOM 
HILLS oH JULIENNE 
Gorgeous, 
Garrett Bros homes, with lovely brick Willis surrounding home and garden! All masonry construction, 
I and 2-story models both hove 3 bedrooms, 2 "Decorator baths spacious living family areos with fireplaces built-in kitchens double garages* 
Skylights, carpeting, intercoms al! the extros! 
_ 
__ 
$48,6oo. to $52,9oo. 
653-7341 

OPEN 3:oo-6:oo 
31o3 COLONY DR. 

In CHARTER OAKS off VANCE 
JACKSON. Brick n cedar home with 3 bedrooms, 2 lovely, tile baths spacious living-dining room ond a maple paneled fomi ly room with cathedral ceiling and woodburnmg fireplace' 
Breakfast room too! Beautiful, terraced backyard with oaks, patio and garden 
$51,5oo. 
653-7341 

OPEN 1:oo-5:oo 
12o DOGWOOD 

In CASTLE HILLS off LOCKHIU 
SELMA 
Sprawling, 
Ranch style home on a huge lot with 96 oaks! 
Saltillo tiled patio, pool, cobana and SBO* Open and spacious, with living dining ortos and a glassed in lomily oreo doors in each room, open onto the patio* 3 bedrooms in the atom house and a 4th bedroom with bath in the guesthouse 
Country kitchen, complete with micro wave oven 
$62,5oo. 
464-7771 

OPEN 2*oo-5:oo 
2oo VILLAGE CIRCLE 
(weather permitting) 

In HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE oH 
TOWER A real estate on 2 49 acres, with rail fencing a stable, barn and tiding ortno ... for your lour legged friends .. and. on impressive home of native rock plus o patio and pool! Ap prox. 4,ooo cg. It. of living ond entertaining spoce .. living, din tng rooms and o lomily loom with 
o great fireplace bay win dewed breakfast room. next to the gourmet kitchen 
5 bedrooms, 4'/; baths Gome loom too* 

 at $185,ooo. 
696-4811 

OPEN 2:oo-5:oo 
#18 POST OAK TRAU 

Appro* 16 miles North of Won deiland* In FAIR OAKS toke 
IN IO North, exit at Tarpon Spr mgs to Deiti Echoed) to Comp 
Stanley 
Rd 
Chis magnific en! home is worth o tup set on over 8 ones, o new home with every possible amenity, including a tiled entry a master suite with a hieploced sitting room and a bath with o private golden 
3 bedrooms, sewing and play rooms upstairs plus quarters et Sth bedroom off Hie kitchen laundry oreo formed living ond Hiding looms and a family room with a fireplace inside ond BBO out on th* potta* 
$126,5oo 
666-4811 
GdyCMpmanCb. 

MIAL TORS 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 
ONN 2— 5 
2o6 PRIMERA 
Olmos Fork Trees shade Hits neat I story, 4 3 2 Living and dining teams fir aptate 27 It building tat workshop, quarters, utility loam 
Alamo Heights 
Schools But we e w e e * * * # 
I OS HUNTER S BRANCH 
DRASTIC REDUCTION 
TWO FAMILY HOME 
Shavano Fork 
N W 
Military 
Hwy ta Broken Bough, loft to 
Hunters Branch 
Double of traction of this lovely brick forty ly bom* 
3 2-2, uvmg dining loom, hteptace den, built in kitchen, central heal, ga FLUS matched S ream brick home enhanced by waded patios an ta act* ai trees Sa* this* 

4o1o GLENROCK 
Laurel HdH. N W loop 41o end 
Wurtbnch 
I bleck west to 
Btuemel 
Lovely french with every modern conv em* nee 
Courtyard entry 
Brick 3 2-2 
Dual nieptace divides living and dining looms family ream with expansive us* el gloss Saddle hie, beamed coding Sunshine morning room. 
Doweled grounds 
Noel 
USM. UISA, 
Biface* Complex 
* * * * * * * * * * 
SOB HIU COUNTRY 
LANE 
2 'A ACRES 
MHI Country Village off low*' Dr 
(acotar fate* approach ta th* trees end ween meadows sui roundmq mn buck 4 2 2, den 
(fF), pius hug* gam* loom Wool tar famity Norses hor*, too 
126-2347 HAL I ORS 

OPEN SUNDAY 

HOUYWOOD PARK 

12o SMABY TRAIL 
2:oo to S M punt. 

ONE 
LIVING 
AREA 
IN 
MUCH 
SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Lovely fireplace, cathedral ceiling and large double poned window enhances this spacious 
4- bedroom, 3-bath home All built­ in country kitchen with cabinets galore. This home is less fhon one yeor old situated on a large treed lot. 342 3211 ANYTIME 

ALGERITA PARK 

27o3 CASTANET DRIVE 
2:3o to 5:3o pjn. 
(Weather Permitting) 

Off VANCE JACKSON NORTH OF 
LOOP 41o Beautiful 4 bedrooms, 
2*/i baths, spacious paneled fomi ly room with fireplace 
Living room, separate formal dining room All electric gourmet kit then. New carpets and drapes in eluded Game room. Landscaped yard with oak trees 824-o121 
ANYTIME. 

WHISPERING OAKS 

1151o WHISPER DEW 
2:oo to SHW p m 

Charming contemporary. 4 large bedrooms, 2 open living areas with fireplaces. Large separate dining room Light and airy kit­ chen fully equipped to please a gourmet chef Fife, smoke ond urglor olorms Sprinkler system, leafed pool frees. Coll 342s ~ 
ANYTIME 
Heoted pool Trees Coll 34?-3211 

IWOODSTONE! 

5527 EAGlfWOOD 
2 oo to SOO p.m. 
3 Bedrooms—2 baths 
Fireplace 
Dreamy first home 
Inrludes new Wastrel dryer, refrigerator with icemaker! 

824-o121 ANYTIME. 

WOODS OF SHAVANO 

4426 HUNTINGTON WOODS 
2:oo to SHW p.m. 

Single living area home for great entertaining. Beautiful built in buffet, informal dining room. fireplace large master bedroom 
Covered patio Walk to pool and tennis courts. 
Coll 
342 3211 
ANYTIME 

CHARTER OAKS 

3o11 NANTUCKET 
2:oo to 5:oo p.m. 

Cozy cottage in ideal location 
Many trees, close to schools ond shopping. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, country kitchen Large bay win dow in tamily room Carpeted 
Other extros 
Call 
342-3211 
ANYTIME 

BARCLAY SQUARE 
1433o OAK SHADOWS 
2HW to 5:oo pm 

UNIQUE back contemporary nest! ed omong oaks on nearly */i oat 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths, separate bv ing and dining rooms family room boasts twin skylights, fireplace ond cathedral ceiling 
Happy kitchen plus Flonda room 
Kneed nght 494 7*51 ANYTIME 

CASTU HULS 
134 SHAUAMR 
SHW to 5:oo pm. 
(weather p*inuttw»q) 

The ultimate in Spanish Con temporary 6 bedrooms, 3 baths from the one lorgr living aree. step out to the terrace tar a swim and a view of the city lovely neighborhood ond walking distome to N E Schools 824 o121 
ANYTIME 

| ! f o s o u r & k £ i m 
^ 
HALTOM — SO YUM Of KUSI 

2o? HOUSES OPEN 
San Antonio EXPRE SS- N EW S —-Sunday February 13 1977 

14131 SWALLOW ORIVE 
Low Vs assumption I bedrooms, 
I bb Hit, 2 veals old IIM * * , 
H S R E A L T Y 
*49 
344 S e ll 
OREN i s 4*H TIOGA 
IN CO LO NIES NORTH, eft Cotan* 
Or I bedrooms. I baths bemar nom fire p lace family mom 
647. SBO 
R E A L T O R 
491 I I M 
C e n tu r y 21 
B L A IN ! IM O W tfr a ASSOC 

I *111 1444 t s e a l ss s n o m w s 

' x c s s s s s m c 

^ 
2118 KENILWORTH 
^ 
OPEN 2-5 NORTHWOOD 
Beouhlul ook trees ond cornel lot, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, built in kitchen separate dining room, 
Iorge den overlooking lovely pnvocy fenced yard 

 with sprinkler system, central heat and oh 
826-4)6o6 
826 5664 
335 ROCKHILL 
OPEN 2-5 NORTHWOOD 
Chorm galore in this Colonia! on treed cornet lot 3 bedrooms, 2 W boths, large den, exciting garden loom oveilooking pretty backyard A must see* 
826-o6o6 
824-6686 
1o7 DOVER 
OPEN 2-4 TERREII HULS 
FRICEO WOOlfD* Architects dreom 
Over */j an arr* in cheat location Col omal in design 3 bedrooms 2 baths den, * ond electric kitchen, plus quarters, central heat ond fireplace Frit* reduced ot 565,ooo 
826-o6o6 
824-61o9 
8o9 CANTERBURY 
OPEN 2 5 TERRELL HULS 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, den with Saltillo tiled Hoot and fireplace An unusually large master bedroom, central heat and on Wonderful family ham* in ex cedent condition 
826-o6o6 
822-o12* 
24o E SUMMIT 
OPEN 2-5 MONTE VISTA 
This unique S ar 4 be (boom, 3 bath homo has 3198 sq ft of pure chorm and liveability A marvelous family home with pad ond gazebo sot among towering oaks m a designated histed are# Call us now tar on appointment 
826-o6o6 
653-5256 
•714 GLEN MONT 
OPEN 2-S CAMELOT ll 

536oo assumption an Hat spacious 4 bedroom 2 bath ham*, with 23 ft vaulted ceding den. beautiful stone fireplace, hug* semi enclosed garden loam 
A variable immediately 
NE schools Only V43, SOO 
826-o6o6 
826-6272 

SUE WEEMS I ASSOC. 
REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

1 
1.... 
^ 9 9 9 Ar A- Ar it it Ar Ar ir T 
OPEN HOUSE 
9 
CHURCHILL % 
ESTATES 
* 
143o7 CITATION 
J 

2—6 woattsoi ponmrtmg 
9 

S bedroom, 2Vt bath, col- * j. omal $fyl«, »nergy saving 9 
9 horn*. Owner Agent 
A 

'O R A N 
2 5 W E A T H E R 
Rife R M IT T IN G 
3o15 CHARTER ROCK in exclusive C h arte r O oh* our avuus I bedroom , luxurv bom *. w ith a hobby room br o ffic e , 
O R E N L IV IN G A R L A fireplace d e lig h tfu l k itc h e n w ith d oub t* oven. tiy s h co m p acto r, custom drapes, A L L IN L IK E N E M CON 
O tflO N 
M I 2291 
O L IV E ttl/X R L L E 

OPEN SUNDAY 2 TO 6 
43o7 MUIRHEID 

IN THE VILLAGE IN OAK HILLS, 
Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 both eden home with corner ce and wet bor m fomily room 2 community pools and club house. 578,5oo 

Also, another 3-2-garden home for 573,3oo 

4313 MUIRHEID 

IN THE VILLAGE IN OAK HILLS An exceptionally beautiful 
2 bedrooms, 
2W bath, con­ temporary bught ond cheerful home with study and wet bai. 
Club house 2 community pools 
589.ooo 

15o15 ELKTON 

Shorp 3 2-2, new home in Son 
Pedro Hills, Fireplace wall to wall and many extras 
555, SOO' 

7538 GREEN GLEN 

Cool, clean, custom 
Con temporary 
Situated close to 
UTSA lame lot with graceful trees. 
Aftoradably priced of 
539.ooo 

14223 OAK 
SHADOWS 

Spacious 4 bedroom home of superior quality in fine resider! hoi district Extra large lot with mature fruit trees, (ors, plus boat plus camper storage Realistically priced at 5/3,9oo 

64o2 HANDSOME 
LAKE 

 mg lot Northside schools Convenient to SW Research ond Locklond 
AIB 
Immaculate family roam with fireplace 546,5oo 

14315 RIDGEBORO 

Beautiful 
3-2-2, professionally landscaped, like new inside and out Truly Hie best bu* in the orea. See and compare 549.5oo. 

3o15 WHISPER FERN 

All brick custom built 4 bedroom, 
3'/» bath home in Whispering 
Ooks fireplace. 
16x13 loft, custom drapes throughout 
579.9oo 

971 OAKWOOD 

IN WOODLAWN HILLS, Shorp 3 bedroom. 2 bath home on Iorge lot fiberglass pool, 2 room guest house SM,SOO 

1o4o7 MT. MARCY 

IN OAK GLEN Great S bedroom, 
3V» both family home 
Iorge fomily loom with fireplace, rear entry garage, bonus room for of­ fice or sewing room 589.7oo 

11oo3 WHISPERING 
WIND 

IN WHISPfBING OAKS. Attractive 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with ter ratio entry fireplace rn family roam, bor M pit ond gas gull 
563.9oo 

115o7 WHISPER 
LEDGE 

IN WHISPERING OAKS. BEAUTIED 
4 bedrooms. 2W baths, luxury fomdy home with fireplace iii family room 
Extra 
Iorge bedroom leods of storage, mony builhns 581,5oo 

2535 BENRUS 

IN WOODLAWN HILLS. 4 bedrooms. 
2 both home in convenient location Separate living dining, ond family room Wolf to wall corpet throughout 543,9oo 

6618 lAURELHIll 

IN OAK HILLS. Lovely S bedroom, 
J both oil brick home with view of the city horn covered patio 
Many extras 
Just reduced to 
598.5oo 

3 4 4 - 3 o 7 8 8 2 8 -8 2 4 1 

4 9 4 -7 7 1 1 

OPEN HOUSE 

2:3o-5:3o 

11914 EUCALYPTUS 

4 2VS-2 Off PotroncoRd $65,ooo 

7ooo GLEN PARK 

3-2 Townhouse 526,ooo 

733o CHERRYBROOK 

3-2-1, large Master Bedroom 529,7oo 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

2oWRoPERTY OUT OF TOM 
2o8 APARTMENTS OUPLEXfS 
21o H6HSESNORTHEAST 

O PEN 2 TO 6 
H A R M O N Y HILLS 
215 TANGO 
Talk about GREAT 
LIVING. 
3 bedrooms, 2 boths, large tamily room PLUS covered polio with gas grill Prired in low 3o s. 
LAUREL HILLS 
4o27 GLENROCK 
Beautiful native stone showplace 
4 bedrooms, 2 boths Wait until you see the mostet bedroom and family room 
WOW! You won t believe the low price. 
346-5111,346-3535 

PADE ame Owens 
FXF Al TORS—MHS 
N. CENTRAL OFC 

A whole city block in edge of town on paved street with a m odern home and new steel com m ercia) b u ild in g 
In n e a r b y D e v in e 
643-5659 otter d o rk 
__ 
BIANCO TEXAS 
Big native rock home with 4 be d room s, and 2 b aths, * c e n tra l heat and air New root, new paint, new w irin g O ve r a c re lot 
J m ore a c re s a v a ila b le 
SM.SOO 
342-4172, nites. 342 2V47 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
B O E R N E , T E X A S ! B e a u tif u l rock home in Steel Valiev 2 miles from B o e rn e, p e rfe ct for la rg e ta m ily , 4 b e d ro o m s ( s p lit ). 3 baths, form al and inform al living areas, fam ily room with vaulted ceiling and rock firep lace M any trees on 2 acres, ta o cre fenced with tack room and stalls Boerne 
School bus at c o in e r 
N orth on 
Main SI Turn right on Sisterdale 
Rood 
I 5 M ites to Steel V a lle y 
On Iv st*.SOO 
Call 
494 /ass 
A N Y T IM E 

ROSOW 6 KUNE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Yogi s Ot T R U S t 
Bv owner, 4 ' t ocre, near Boerne large oak trees, split level home 
Site 51o ooo 696 7327 ____ 
E IG H T B L O C K S Fro m downtown 
Seguin. Tx 8 441 A cres 
All utili lies m ay be divided into thirfv six lots P ric e $48,9oo I 379 26o* Dr 
Elsik 
H O R S E S H O E . 
T o w n h o u s e s . 
598 2541 

B a y L a k e L B J 
512 598 5444 or 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

O PEN 2 T O 5 
(Weather permitting) 
919 GREY OAK 
North of 
41o off 
Blanco 
3 bedrooms, plus mother in low suite, pool 
21o W. LYNWOOD 
Misterm 
Monte 
Vista off 
San 
Pedro 4 bedrooms. 2 story, with pool 
7426 HIGH STEPPER 
North on (vers, right on forest 
Pine, left on Stirrup, nght an High 
Steppe! 
All brick contemporary 
Under 54o.ooo 
341-9166 
HOWARD I All, ReaHor 
C E N T U R Y 2 1 

A TO W N H O M E with m ore home, 
| than town! lo v e ly , co rn er unit 
I has co iv fireplace in living room dining orea. next lo kitchen 4 
! bedrooms. ?'> baths j $43.SOO 
R E A L T O R S 
494 777! 

Guy Ctiipman Co 

! C O R N E R 
T O W N H O M E w ith j sloping ceilings in living, dining room s and kitchen, has lovely, covered polio1 
3 bedroom s 
2 
I baths 
$26,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
658 7oo7 

Guy Ctiipman Co 

F O R S A L E 
B y O w n et 
Con dominium, Colonies North Ai mo 
I 2 2, a ll elec k itc h e n , w a s h e r i dryer connections, covered patio, i lots ot storage 342 8318 alter 6 

JUST LISTED 
Nice duplex with 5236 monthly in come on E South eros' Ownei pay water only Price 516,9oo Ownet will finance Call Jim, nites 337 4823 

HIGHLAND PARK 
DUPLEX 
Plus eHiciency apartment 
Income potential of 525o month Excellent in vestment. Coll louise, mtes 533 8446 

5 UNITS 
Separate meters, excellent occupancy record, good income, only 54o,ooo 
Ownei will finance 
Coll 
Shelton 
(offender, nites 923 4631 

D A Y S 8 to 8 

532-3252 
C E N T U R Y 2 1 

Wakefield Realtors 

IO units, 7 fully occupied. 3 need m a in te n a n c e re p a ir , id e a l tor m a in te n a n ce m an. $4ooo down and assum e loon of 
$59,ooo 
828-69o7 

UNUSED YEARS FUR SALE 
4 unit furnished apartm ent house near F t Sam , well m aintained and in good len tat are a Owner will fin a n c e 
L u c ille B ie r s c h w a le 
344-2341 344 5549 
B O B JO N E S , R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 

VA A P P R A IS E D D U P l E X E S 
$15 OOO each, 2 a d d ice n t bldgs 
1826 183o N Pine Steudy im erne. walking distance Ft Sum It our chased together w ill Include all furnishings, income 
548o mo 
826 2o5o_______________ _____________ 
W IL L T R A D E , deed lo lot OI lots at Canyon L a k e co m m e rcia l or residential tm eauity in incom e 
QI OUM! tv OSS 4169 

21Q HOUSES NORTHEAST 

A Beautiful home, 3 2 I Must see to a p p r e c ia te ' A ll e x tra s plus more, co nvenient to R A F B and pork oreo ASB-1473 a tt 5. $29,ooo 

OPEN HOUSE 
7o3o FOREST PINE 
SUNDAY, 1-6 P.M. 

4 bedrooms. 2 bathe home in forest Oaks Bright cheerful kit chen, lovely family room, turmal living room, split bedroom oi rongement, 
MINI 
CONDITION 
Pnvocy fenced, only 544,9oo 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLFRY OF HOMES 
691-1121,656-552o 

OPEN HOUSE 
DAILY I TO 6 look for Of ANIL OWENS signs ond pennants Sales person at 
126o6 INDEPENDENCE DR. 

 rn Volley forge Six new homes, 
532.ooo to 538.8oo 
824-2391 
Dearie Owens 
It AITOR5-bbls 
Austin Hwy. Oft 

OPEN HOUSE 
SAT. a n d SUN . 
I 2 -8 P .M . 

H a w S u p e rb H o rn e t 
University Oaks 
M o d e l Hom e 
48o2 BUCKNELL 

Trico, Realtors 
349-6491 

G O R G E O U S 3 2 C P , w ith 17 ft m aster bed! uom iii Volley Hi $8oo equity. 
$222 monthly 
Move in 
Now! 
J A J R E A L T Y 674 8883 Anytim e 
M arvm ant A rea D ram atic Town house 3-2'», m aster suite down 3 | c a r g a ra g e 
$69,ooo 
826 2439, 
Jones King R e alto r s i 
M IS S IO N 
T R A C E 
G A R D E N 
H O M E 
S u rro u n d e d bv o high brick w all, this luxurio us hom e j an d g a rd e n a r e c o m p le te ly ■ p rivate ' 3 bedioom s. 2 decora 1 tor b aths liv in g , d in in g and tamdv rooms. plus double gin nqe! 
$54,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 

Guy Ctiipman Co 

P L U S H T O W N H O M E hos exert mg decor, centered around a lush, fo u n tu in ed a l l i u m ' B e a u tifu l. slate floors, m oi hie firep lace in liv in g a r e a 
2 b e d ro o m suites 
(with m arvelous m aster b a th ') 
5*7.5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
AV* 4811 

Guy Ctiipman Co 

SE N E C A E ST A T E S 

3 bedroom, 2ta bath, luxury 2 story Tow nhouse, 2 c a r tin 
•shed g a r a g e 
$4o5oo 
684-o71), 684 8311, 344-4397 

W H Y P A Y R E N T ’ O w n th is beautiful Townhom e cmd gam the­ ta ! advantages Tastefully decor­ ated 3 bedroom s, 2' , baths, plenty ot closet sp oce. e x tra sto rag e . 
. excellent location 
RIO CARPI! 
342-3111 
R E A L T O R S 
694 5o7 7 

W O O D B R ID G E T O W N H O M E S 
In-Town 
Location 
Super 
Am enities 
o2 E is e n h o u e i__________ 826 63o1 

A C L A S S IC IN 
SAN P E D R O H I L L S 
The Owner w atched them build this gorgeous 4 bedroom hom e piece bv piece Ioo“» rock, extra insulation plus mony m ore energy savin g fe a tu re s Q u a lity e v e ry w here you look 
B v appt O nly 
Call 824 o171 
RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

TERRELL HILLS 
Channing 3 2, living dining com­ bo Sahib tile study 
5o'$ 
733 
8946 732 1291 
MONTE VISTA 
Busting with charm. 
3 or 
4 bedrooms enclosed courtyard • qts 824 5279, 826 5893 
OAK FOREST 
Split level unique design 
4 3 beouhlul heed lot 6o s 826 56oo. 
828 1962 
TERRELL ROAD 
Oversued lot charming 3 2 pool guest heus* 
826 5893, 733- 
8946 
2 LUXURY HOMES 
Both distotively different in design 
3ooo plus so ft - outstanding features - tall tar details 826 
3349. 876 56oo 
ALAMO HGTS. 
Chemung pretty wood boors hi ceilings fireplace qts 6os 876- 
3/38, 824 5279 
CAROLYN 
GRAHAM 
826-1*73 Anytime 

Page I 1-C 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

ACT NUW! 

JUST LISTED 

,5 rooms, 
2 bestirs, fireplace, 
? cat garage, appliances, split bedroom s, 1 oo % brick, 
I year 
O w ner transferred, $32,5oo. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
* 349-6211 

B R IC K 
3 bedroom, 2 bath home in b e au tifu l E a s t T e r r e ll H ills location Convenient to sc hoot and expressw ay Reduced to $31,9oo 
VA or EH A 
L IK E N E W 3 2 2 with single living aio n A p p liances Q uick posses 
Sion 
Low equity and 
$2$4 monthly 
$2t,5oo Ex celle n t accom od ation for the sm all fam ily seeking an e x ce p tio n a lly cle an 3 b ed room hom e Open te rm s S e lle r p ays dosing cost 
C e n t u r y 21 
Hi I A N I V K l A l TY A5J o55o 

On th is s p o tle s s 3 b e d ro o m home H as a 4th bedroom that can be office, study, or dining room 
C a rp e te d th ro u g h o u t. C o v e re d patio 
F ru it trees, la rg e fam ily room with fire p la c e This it the charm ing complete home in San 
Podi o Hilts Mid 4o'$. 
149 4343 or 349-3535 Anytim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S B lan co Rd Ole 

AGREAT LITTIE HOUSE 
F o r a mon and hts spouse' Coll now betoie the rush starts to see this neat little hom e lo cated in 
N O R T H E A S T P A R K 
O utstand mg features include dishw asher new range, refrigerator, and new w a te r h e a te r 
F u ll p r ic e only 
$2o,9oo $3ooo down. Assum e VA loon at $18o per month 
656-3ooo A n y t im e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S P e rrin Bertel OIC 

B y O W N E R 
3 2 t, A ll b r ic k hom e, c lo s e to E le m S c h o o l. walking distance to N Stor M all 
344-o371._____________________________ 
B Y O W N E R , i t I 
A ll b r ic k h om e, c lo s e to E t e m S c h o o l walking distance IO N S tar M ull 
144 OJM 

B Y o w n e r ’ 3 2 2, *< b rick. lire place. Iorge den, separate living, builtms 
Eq uity $3ooo 
$31$. mo 
656 3*19_____________________________ 
B y O w n e r, J 2 2, c e n t r a l a ir , fenced void, $218 mo $195o equity or le nt 82? 3917 O wner a gent _ 
B y O w n er, 12 2. custom built, m a n y e x tr a f e a tu r e s , f le e s , 
*5* 775$. *414 N athan, Hale, Open house, Sot Sun. I lo * P M 

OLMOS PAW ARLA 
Lovely 7 dory tamily home wdh S inest bedroom, and bath down ligh ceilings, gleaming hardwood floors. Irving room with fireplace separate dminq room, huge tamily loom, library, delightful patio 
MAinifUl COLONIAL 
Never has to be painted large bv mg room 
(hieplace), separate dining, morning loom, breakfast room ond powder room, powder room and powdei room and kitchen down 
Delightful basement game room with tiieplac* ond wet bai 
Upstairs a glorious master bedioom with latqe dtessing loom plus 2 others Attached servants quarters, 

 pool 
SUHM I OCA TI ON 
Magnificent spates tot huge sailed entertaining lamed by coly orcas for intimate family moments 
2 level mastei suit*. 4 athel kingsized bedrooms Updated with meticulous cate 
Unusual i bandoliers, unique flooring, 4o family room with built ins On 2 Iorge lots 

MIGHTY TAUS AH SCHOOLS 
Delightful I story brick on beautiful sprinkled aiounds. designed by owner architect with ninny spatial handcrafted facto'#* for this home 
MID JO * OWNER FINANCED 
Gient house to do over in excellent neiahboihood 
3 7 living loom 
(ftrepfoce), separate dining 
CHARMING COTTAGt 
On a quiet sheet in most desiiabln ie .idenliul aieo (lose la shopping ant* bus Hotdwuod Horns, fiteplut* in living loom, separate dining JO's, 
FIRST OfffRING 
In magnihient 
Historical 
Monte 
Vista 
On a ISO deep tat bedrooms, plus 7 sitting rooms up 
Beautiful toyer Formal living dim ng looms, library, txeokfas! loam ond large morning room, modem kitchen 
TIRRHt HULS—AH SCHOOLS 
Delightful one slaty on a ramei living loom with fneptare, separate dining loom, family room (Redondo tile llooi I, 4 bediooms plus guest house Goigeous new kitchen 874 
3233, 
82? 5973, 826 7314, 
827 
91o3,826 oo49 

I / / f/ frs ' C r% ___J se e x t t u n 
* 
-x 

BY OWNER 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
4 unit opt building, ap proxim ately 
3*oo s a lt 
Ex cellen t central location 
POGUE 4 POGUE. INC 
822 1154 
>mte 1945 
*24 o*98 

OPEN 2-5 
9419 GOLD HIU 
HERITAGE FARM 

Very neat 
$-2-2, one living 

•roo, GARDIN KITCHIN 
Good 

 buy, $29JOO. 
69o-98o2 

C H K A T 
A M E R I C A 
R E A L T O R S 

All B rick Duplex Castle Hills. 3 bedroom , 2 baths, c e n tra l heat ond air each side with all electric k itch e n s Lo ts ot clo sets N e a r schools and shop p ing c e n te rs 
$69,56o 342 o/56 

OMN 3 5 
WEATHtR PERMITTING 
I l l MT. ERIN 
FASS 
OFF DIVINE RD. 

Homes seldom for salt in this love ly hidden area 3 2 with fireplace in hying loom Country kitchen ond family room combo with fireplace finished basement with both makes perfect playroom 
733 1291 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
RIALTOR 
826-1*7) Anytime 

9311 Collaqhon Rd 

5 split bedrooms, 3 baths, NI 

School district, finananq 

 ovotl Other open houses. 

VAN BUREN I ASSOC. 
684-7171 
433 1247 
699 oo6* 

ALL RUCK**®# 
Only ta block to Je ffe rso n High 
V e ry d e s ira b le 2 sto ry D uplex with 2 bedioom s eoch apartm ent 
E x c e lle n t lo c a tio n 
M id JO i 
(M M E ID A T E 
P O S S E S S IO N 
344 8348 
Grace Arnold 
R t A l f O R S M L S _________ 
44 and 7* U N IT S High return on low equity Good are a 6SI-o444 
S A N T E R C O , R E A L T O R S 
4 A R T S , a p p lian ce s, fu rn itu re , se p a ra te m e te rs 
W ilt fin a n ce 
$27 5oo Owner A gent, ti?* o*o? 

B E A C O N H IL L 
2 story duplex with g a ra g e apt liv e in one 2 bedroom apl and have SJOO inco m e from other 2 nots 
Excellent shope 
Separate meters, 
G R A C E L A IR D 736 423$. 736 (ta«7 
B E T W E E N I to A N D F U E O E R 
IC K S B U R G R D 2-slory duplex 2 bedroom apts see m ake otter assum e 

ALAMO HEIGHTS j Cham m a com pletely rem odeled. j 
I c e n tra l h e at- air, new kit, new ! gain), new 2* I baths, 3 bedrooms, wet b ar, liv in g , d in in g , stud y, 
, tam ily room with 12 ceiling, tile 
I flo o r, f ir e p la c e , b r ic k p a tio 
Sit.SOO 
317 H a rris o n . 227 4111, 
824 4844 w e e k d a y s 
824 79o9, 
<24-5711 weekends ond eves 
A la m o H e ig h ts , b v o w n e r. 2 
| b ed room . I b ath 
Io rg e liv in g room, separate dining 824 4945 

ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 
Ex tra clean choice location 3 be j d room . 2 b ath , 2 g o ro g e . den, larg e kitchen 
C o rpeted ce n tra l 
I heat air conditioned 
$39,95o 
Owner anxious soys Sell 
J I M V IA R E A L T O R S 
1 349-4274_____________________826 5171 
A t A M O H G T S S C H O O L S 
3 be d ro o m s . 2 b o th s . h u g e den, spacious corner lot 526,56o Cot! 
IN T E R S T A T E I i i o755 tit 8 pm 
A 
L A N D M A R K 
IN 
T E R R E L L 
H IL L S 
This hand so m e estate, built bv 
Hog*. Is on a lovely street with p r o f e s s io n a lly la n d s c a p e d , spnnklered grounds and a very large qui den patio and a beau trful pool P e rfe c tly m aintained g racefully traditional in design this brick home hos fireplaces rn the form al Irving room and the j paneld fa m ily room 
A co m ely dinm e room has a buy w indow and space tor a sit down dinner p a r ty ' 6 b e d ro o m s (o r 5 plus q u a r t e r s ), e a c h w ith it s ow n bath A hom e to re m e m b e r in the Alam o Heights school district 
O F F E R E D A l 
S2SO.OOU 
R E A L T O R S 
*24 9*31 

Guy Ctiipman Co 

3 2 2, AM carp eted , cent air, in tercom . F P . Club house, sw im 
•gat, 537.6o6 65* 3211 
4 2 2 A p p ro x im ate ly 2666 sa ti 
F ire p la c e L a rg e fa m ily room 
Must sell 222 1342 

S37o6 eq u ity, lo c a te d in B ro o k wood ad iocent to W in d crest 3 bed room s. 2 full b ath s, ta m ily room with fireplace. Irving room and torm ot d ining 
D ouble self cleaning oven, d ishw asher, aor 
Iraqis disposal, large patio, drones and cu rta in s re m a in 
P a y m e n t 
$415 Must salt, OS* o347. 
B v O W N E R 
3 2 1, f ir e p la c e . i unreeler til ceilings, shag carpet, ced er p atio co ve r, fen ced , arr hoot No Agents, $33,95o *53 753? 
B Y O W N E R 
3-2, g a ra g e con verted, ce n tra l air heot. fenced y a rd , c o v e re d p atio , $19) M O 
I $15oo equity. N E ISO . Colt attar 5 i »S6 IV 19 
| 
! B Y O W N E R 
IN C A M E L O T I. 
51o3 M E R L I N 
I b e d ro o m s . 2 
! baths, firo p ta ce rn liv in g room | and don 
C a th e d e r a l c e ilin g s , g o ro g e c o n v e r te d in to g a m e room, covered patio, utility room, I lull* carpeted, plus other extros 
SJV.5oo 455 3253 

WHY RENT 
WHIN YOU GIN BUY 
FOR USS? 
Her* ar* some pluses Mo down payment, closing tost rn (ow os 
STO, 3 ond 4 bediooms ovatfobfe some with on and iippliances VA eltQ'biltly not required (all Tots 
Beall fat mfoimalion 653 6364 
•HIER THAN NEW 
Well maintained 
3 yeoi old home with added extras like puueled wort loom 3 bedinirm-.. 
'J baths, plus family loom All up phonies and diaper im faded 
57899o (all Dee lewis at 653 
6364 
DON'T WAIT 
This 3 7 1, lot ated in El (hap parol, wont wait tai you lilies un fad* dishwasher garbage disposal, stove, utility loom, to name lust o few Drapes ionium 
(all us al 653 6364 ta see today 

 r i d c a r p e t 
R 
E 
A 
^ 
T 
O 
P 
B 
' 

B Y O W N E R , new w a ll to w a ll c a rp e t th ro u g h o u t, im m e d ia te possesion, 3-2 2, all appl. air, heal. 
1525 Su Pl., low no qualifying as sumption or now loan 
$34,5oo 
*56-1123_____________________________ 
B y O W N E R N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
12 2. cothedrol coiling, shoa car pct. p rlv fen ce, $33,5oo 
M U S T 
S E L L ' *55 U l t 
______________ 
B y O w ner, O lym p ia. U n iv e rs a l 
C ity . 4 2 2. la r g e ta m ily room. 
Cathedral ceiling, firep lace, L iv mg loom. Dining room. B io o k fa st nook 
Cent heat a ir , w a le r sol terner, covered patio L a rg e lot. rut de soc. /Xx** V A Loan. S44.ooo 
458 9 1 3 * ______________________ 
B y ownei Handstand Hills 
3 2 2. central air heal, large open living 
O leo w ith c a t h e d ra l c e ilin g s coveted patio and fenced yard 
453 8743 
_ 

BY OWNERS 

A S S U M E J "• lo a n , b e a u tifu l 
Spanish 3 2 2 in C am elo t huge 
496 742oWAYNE S L A T E H684 6t6t' "ro ster suite, b eam ed ceilings. 
------------------------------------ extros B v owner. Consider equity 

O R I N H O U S i 

N O O N T O D U S K 

5633 CREEKWOOD 

 in W o o d s t o n * 

141o3 SWALLOW 

 in i i C h a p a r r a l 

 es range hem 529 VOO 
I hi## and taw bediooms. 
MjOU' > 

6 6 6 - 3 o o o 
\ 7 Dearie Owens 
I A m-' 
RI Al TORI-MLI 

5631 BRANDEMFRE 
15 
Sunday, off 
Midcrown rn 
(onsefat Beautifully ledocurated 3 
2 2, hieptat* ond many other ex bos Dnv* by or rail BTI 5/o4 
23o BASSWOOD 
I 5 Sunday, off Vance Jackson and 
Oelhnow. J bedroom home, fleshly pointed inside and out Drive by rn call IT I 57o4 
C E N T U R Y 2 1 

B Y O W N E R 
Duplex off Nogoli 
Iqs, good income 435 116* 
D U P L E X . 
A P A R f M E N T S , 
Superbly locpted lo business dis tr ill, colleges, bus in front, de lathed ap uitm eni P ric e is right 
124 4567 
REQUA REALTY CO 

 e s t a t e s a l e a HOME ANG INCOME a 
Huge J story duplex. 2 bedioom s each apt L iv in g , dining brook last room s C lean condition Oft 
Bio ad w av 
$24,5o4 
R E A L T O R S . 
126 2347 

 in sm aller home in p artial ti ade 
NO A G E N T S P L E A S E 
653 4555. 
333 7123_______________________ _ 

A S S U M E S I* * M O N T H 
) be drooms, cornel air near Windsor 
M all M ake ofter V a t out 
696 742o W A Y N E S L A T E R349 92/k 

ASSUME. 
$241 m o nthly bv b u yin g this 
E A S Y L Q U I T Y in C am e lo t ll 
3 2 2 w ith d en 
F e n c e d y a r d . covered polio end garden orea 
T r a n s fe r r e d o w n er s a y s ‘ sell now ' I2A 6343. avos I 4)1 716? 
Cornelius A Associates 

F R E E R e fe rra ls lo other hom es 
For Sob-Bv O w n e r1 342 VIV I 
San Antonio Hom eow ners Assoc 

BY OWNERS 
N O R T H E A S T 

2o* R O B L E D O V E R D E 
Im m ediate o c cu p a n cy ' E v e ry th in g thai will spoil you •* in this beau trtul 4 2 ? ' ne large living areg, 2 dining rooms 24o6 sqrt of luxury and aporaisal for $77,5oo' 342 *391 

F O X 
R U N 6361 
H A R P E R S 
F O R D 
S p a cio u s 4 2 1, m a s te r suite is 12*2o' lex IS living dining combo and fam ily room with tire plate O ui*) cut de sac tat SSI.SOO 
J42 9)93 

216 P R IN A L A S T C H A N C E B Y 
O W N E R ' ) I IC P w ith m a id s airs Fo rm a l living, dining, fam ily roam , fire p la c e ond 2574 sqtt 
Your c re a tiv e im ag in atio n w ill tu rn it in to a s h o w p la c e ' 
Appraisal tor $6* 275 C A L L F O R 
A P P T 
TOOA Y I 
344 1495. 
342 91*1 
San Antonio Homeowners 
A S S O C IA T IO N B R O K E R S 

342 939J 

FAIRFIELD 
First Offering 
3 bedroom. 7 bath I story homo on 
I ut do un in pork bkt woo bi eat location! NI schools Inrfgdos extra tat. appioi 
6o*1oo low 
3o v 
Dodge Bolton 455 o7o7, 874 68o8 
WINDCREST 

Colonial - Split-Level 
4 fatal nom J ' t bath brith horn* on rut de UK 
5p6t bedioom ar 
•angemenl rn th 7 mort et suites 
On* Iorge hying otto aid separate rn J r n sq ft mth mony extras low BOS betag* lebtond 
455 m i , 453 o865 

I N C O M E P R O P E R T Y 
I 

 i n a a n r w i M M a i m e r I 
F R E O R I C K S B U R G R O 
BOS ROCKERS, RI Allots I, I23fi WD Own«r unM iou ik $19,ooo 
--------------------------------- ■' D E L L V 11 W A R E A . $2 76 m o 

Thelma B Preissm an bargain hunters sw ciai 
BY OWNERS 
1 'IV !11111 " • • I B M O J H I B I ! 
Ho down lo onyonr 
, , 
N O R TSSBAST 

B Y O W N E R , Spacious 3 2 2 taiga living, dan. with cathed ral coiling, separate dining. 1734 ta ct can remnant to 
North 
Star 
M all 
147 6424 ___ __ 

BY OWNER WINDCREST 
L a r g e 4 b e d ro o m b o m a, s id e en try garage, b ill co u n try view ii urn roar patio Automatic spun ktor system . IOU'- stone 
I a r t e f a m ily ro o m w ith f ir e p la c e 
S d . 944 $947 W IN D IN G R ID G F 
B Y 
A P P O I N T M E N ? N O 
A G E N T S . *43-7171 

O P E N I M S JO 
WHISPERING OAKS 
11423 WHISPER MOSS 
Stalely Cotgmal srtutated high on hill on I tots, attery p riv a cy and prestige, 4 bedroom s, 2ta baths 
24x4o h o o te d p o o l 
$111,o66 
694 *224, 492 1131 
B I M FELLOWS 

SUN SARDEN 
Surrounded bv Spanish rock and high lighted bv uak trees C ary home has I bedrooms, I 1. baths with rack wall H eavily insulated 
O p en S A T U R D A Y A N D S U N 
O AV D R IV E IN T O T H E W O O O S 
OF S h a v a n o and turn left ta 
4643 SH A V A N O W O O O S 

O PEN 1-5 P.M . 
41oo (REIK RUN 
TWIN CREEK 
Make offer on equity ond assume loon 
Large oil brick 3 bedroom with i corner fireplace cozy 

111 

J 

KEY GROUP 

G A S IJA k tB H A U T 

Open term s $24 95o 
H IG H L A N D H I L L S , $616 m g 
4 ate* Owner c a rry $47,4o4 
FT SA M A R E A , $3/o m o M ake arter $22,OOO 
D E N V E R H O T S e xcellen t rent property, turn iv 7 5o 
Van Buren A Assoc 
644 7)71 
344 *6*3 
444 5496 
3o44 L U X U R Y D U P L E X . 4 years eld, central air and heat Reduced to $47 5o4. 
POGUE I POGUE, INC i l l 1154 
SWC# 1945 
124 6698 

OMN SUNDA I I TO S 

Bedel et* pm* 431 FOO, 3 2 2 with deluxe feel we et fully t bi gelid end draped 
TV end phone tacks rn NI raotm (ira pletely modern kitchen 
I mb* yonis, (w nee lot 
47o6 U SA BELLO m-2225 

NMM AVL OFC 
Ovum m n 

 a m a l ■ 

Need An Ex cellent In vestm en t’ 
I story 4unit opt E a c h has living room, bedroom bath Equip p ed kitchen 
$36,544 
424 2439 
R E A L T O R S 
JONES • KING___ 

On# of toe finest AM . Complexes 
WIN trade tar ranch 
Sowfax Co 
R ealto rs i l l o464 
O W N E R A N X IO U S 
Lo vely 4 U nit A p artm ent house 
Only I yrs aid H and y to Se ars and Brooks A F B 
Incom e $544 mo Assume * ‘ » int nut* with S M I payments or refinance VA 
F H A 
#f Conventional 3*9 454), 4*4 2664 

Manna W rW v Manors 

]l$ Uvtugiu duplex SS.CSA Cosh 
B y q a ta r, M O 1644. 

C U ST O MKGN Company 
OM H O M E B U l l I 
698 3445 

7467 TIMBERCRtfK 
O P E N ll AM to 6PM 
4 bedroom s. I baths with 24x«4 den rock fireplace, built ms M id 
J* ». 
699 1ooo A n ytim e 

JOHN flOURMBY INC 
J # * N 
S M 

WHAT DOCTOR ORDERED 
* seconds n om Mod Clr J J. rout hardwood Hoers, like new, work b e n ch , g a ra g e , im m e d ia te o c ­ cupancy Undei S34,944 No EMA, 
H i t Winlock ort Callaghan near 
R o ilin g R id g e 
A L S O , r e a l buy 
Doge Run under 624,444 
Wonderland Real Estate 
3419314 or 
34 2 95J7 

14967 W IL L O W M O S S 
4 I tat 2 
2 star y 142 944 Open l i b r a Call 
IN S T A T E «Tu/5it|H pm 
CAU TIS• 16*4 

4 Unit Aiartfneflt 
SAC Area. ort M cCullough Only 
S IS 694 O w n e r w ill c a r r y It* * downi incom e $ 4 ti month -Can be increased H u rry - Can M anny 
M arin 
H I J I M 
H IT E S 344 4421 
W A L K E R J B A R N E B E Y Bgtldec 
32 UN IT A PT C O M P L E X ort loup 
414 4 years old F u lly rented tai iv furnished W ired tar sepdrgl* m e te rs 
E x c e g tig n g lty m a in tamed goad incom e 
IWW VBK Inc 7325157 

> I J S 1666 t se er ss ANO N i m 

 bedrooms, 2 baths, sam e with air I ond all appliances F irs t paym ent I in April 
B O B O eP A O L O 
344 3491 
' 
R E A L T O R 

B E A U T IF U L B E G IN N IN G 2 be droom townhouse, co n tra! heat a ir, k itch e n co m p le te w ith ap 
Phonies, inside utility ream . and p r iv a c y p a tio 
O p en te rm s at 
$19.*$4 416 4 344, 453 1791 
REAVIS REALTY CO 

Beau tiful custom buitt hom e en approx H i acre s tree covered tat 
4 J' i t den w in fireplace, tora* a lliu m in center of home. to r pot and Saltillo file throughout, horses allow ed 
R e d u ce d ta 144.564 or make Ortgc 49* 7511 
• • • B E A U T IF U L V IE W * * * 
V altov F o rg e N othing dawn to anyone on this a ttr a c tiv e 3 2 2, carpeted, hr apt ace. 
$33,754 
M urry' 
*2> 19o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

B E A U T IF U L 32 ? with vaulted ceilings targe dan, carpet, inter com MI,$64 Cart 
IN T E R S T A T E 424o755 til I pm 
3 Bedroom, 2 bath fenced cat net lot c o v e te d p elta. G a r y sw im m in g OOO I school b u s OI door tov 
N i rn it I a n d Lo o H ig h 
U n d e r 
136.664 Cell *94 I $4$ ar 344 4 344 tai gpgamtmant 
___ 

B E T H E F IR S T la l*v« in th.s sparkling new herm* ea a lands taped, lanced, earner tot’ Open living arna. 4 bedioom s I baths 
(m uster suite d o w n s ta irs ) lire place, patio, double g a ra g e 1 
S$6,956 
R E A L T O R S 
4M 7*47 

Guy Ctiipman Co 

• IG . B E A U T I F U L C O L O N IA L home hos fo rm a l roam s plus a tam ily room w ith w eed b o rn tn a 
: fire p la c e b rig h t b lith e n w ith 
G E ap p liances 4 b ed io om s I baths lands> u p ,a te rn er tan 
IM.$44 
R E A L T O ES 
ASI 7)41 

Guy CMpman Co w m 
‘KHI— 
"" 
* THI IA P * ! * * HI MF > 
C ALL 11$ )66* 

CALIFORNIA 
O R E N C O N S T R U C T IO N , Custom drapes a deck acro ss the patio ond o fireplace, a re tost a taw of 

36* R O B L E D O V E R D E tm | mediate d ccu p e n cyi E v e ry th in g 
I hot will sport veg is rn this esau 
•■•ut 4 I I* One targe living area. I the extras rn this all wet! kept I dining rooms, 2444 sa It et luxury I bedroom home and appraisal tor $77. $o4' 343 *3*3 
4*4 3441. A N Y T IM E 

F O X 
R U N 6341 
H A R P E R S 
F O R D 
S p a cio u s 4 2 I, m u ste r suite is 12x26' 16x24 living dining ; combo and fom ily roam with hr# I 
Blote Quiet cwt de sot tot $$3,1o4 I 
M2 *391 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

214 P R IN X L A S T C H A N C E B Y | 
O W N E R ' I 3 I C P w ith m a id s I airs Fo rm a l living, dining, fam ily ‘ room, fire p la c e and 2S7I sa ti 
Your t i (o liv e im a g in atio n w ill ; turn it into a show place' A p ar ai . sol tor $66,271 C A L L F O R A P P T 
TO D AY* 344 149$, M2 *3*3 
San Antonio Homeowners 
A SSO C IA T IO N B R O K E R S 

542-9393 

C A L L 
N O R T H LO O P INC 
R E A L T O R S tor any R e al Estate Need 
<34$636 

CAMELQ1 it s d b ig g ie! 194$ sqtt I sto ry 
4 2 'i I an tre a d tot 
C a rp e te d , drapes, ice m aker r e in * , other e x tra s Im m a cu la te 
$46,o46 on easy assumption 
424 2145 
John M o unt 
463 /444 
Sail! A A ssoc lutes. R e alto rs 
3 2 3, Careetod, centig i aer tater cam. hr value s club bouse, swim ming pouf $37 $44 OM 2291 

Optn Monday thru friday I A.M. to 5:3o P.M. 

DEADLINES: 

M onday tfsru Thursday 
5 OO P M for Following D ay 

Friday 1.3o for Saturday 
Friday S P M , for Sunday 

Fridoy 5 3o P M For M onday 

CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

C o n c a H a lto m a n d C o r re c t io n s c o n b d m o d o 

M o n d a y th ru F r id a y 8 A M . til 5 3 o P M . 

P a q e T l ^ C 

21o Ho8SES4I8RTHEAST 

San Antonio EX P R ES S -N 

• OLMOS PARK • 
ADDR USB or DtSTOtCnON 
ENGLISH TUDOR 
(state ground?, Ancient tree? 
••ow — A classically beautiful 2 story Tudor on a fabulous treed acre. 5-3'/»-2, homeroom 
3 fireplaces. Central heat, air, AN 
Schools.. 

A MAGIC TOUCH 
Custom built one story in prime location. 3 bedrooms, 3to baths, den (25X2o) TP, living and dining rooms. Central heat and air Heat­ ed pool. 
Exquisite. 
Trees. 

BUDGET MINDED 
Trees shade this neat rock, A bedroom, 3 baths, living and din­ ing rooms. 27 ft. rear building for workshop, quarters, utility AH 
Schools! 
826-2347 
REALTORS 
Wmiikm 

FIRST OFFERING 
CONTEMPORARY 
MASTERPIECE 
ALAMO HGTS. SCHOOLS 
Unique in design, this exerting stucco residence with GUEST 
HOUSE offers completely privacy on on ocre setting. Spacious courtyard includes heater! swim ming pool Interior is highlight od with dramatic high ceilings, 
Saltillo tiled floors, and ox tensive use of gloss 
4 bedrooms, 3 to baths Master suite with dressing room opens to sundeck living and family rooms have wood burning fireplaces, formal dining. Cal) for further details. 
* 

JONES-KING 
- * - 
826-2439 

“ A P U C E OF 

D IG N IT Y ” for a dignified family. Right in the middle of Alamo 
Hgts 
Consisting of 
4 bedrooms, separate dining room 18*12.7 living room with fireplace. 

“ TE R R E II HILLS" 
We have 2 lovely homes in this desirable area. 
4 bedrooms, 
3 baths and one 3-2 and 23 ft fomily room. 
$65,ooo ond 
$45,ooo. 
C a ll fo r D e ta ils . 
822-33o1 

H A R T M A N 

R E A L T O R S 

-Sunday February 13 1 9 7 7 

MES4oRTHEAST 

CAMELOT lovely Cora node Plan, 3-2-2, luxury sized master bedroom, garden kit rfron L.,sit egg hnnbfkeitror «a4 I rtnm 
Crfevej IHin! 'lf* DOOM iii® Iv vt OOO HTtO*. privacy yard. $37,9oo. Cad 828 
57o4 
KIRBY 
Spacious 2-sfory 3-2to-2 fomily home, fully carpeted, dose to swim ming pool, no qualifying Assume lets than $5ooo equity. 53o4 pay­ ments at 8% interest. Total price 
536,9oo Coll 828 57o4 
A BARGAIN! 
At $22,SOO (his lovelv 3 bedroom, 2 bath home is priced for a quick sale 
Shag carpet mruout, convenient to everything H E Calf 828 57o4 
LIVE OAK 
New on market, beautiful 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, separate living room and den, lovely large covered patio 526,ooo. Coli 828 57o4. 
C E N T U R Y 2 1 

RUCK 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 

CAMELOT ll 
8 4 1 9 GLEN BREEZE 
Roautiful yoni, trees, garden, plus lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath, double garage home All wot! to wad, cover ed patio, idoal family home. Cedi for appointment to see! 
71o3 GLEN CREEK 
Corner lot, privacy fence, and dou hie finished garage AN add to the charm of this nearly new 3 bed­ room, 2 bath home. The fireplace is another attraction that ran t be overlooked Assume 714%. 
C a ll 6 5 3 - 4 3 5 o 

 r lis tin g needed 

 in 
CAMELOT 
ONE. 
Our 

 talesman ED REED is sold out 

 and neods a House to sell. 

He will keep property open 6 

 days a week until it s sold. 

We ll advertize too! 

CALL TODAY!! 
828-6343, eves. 826-2698 

C O R N E L IU S 

A ASSOCIATESI 

"ATTENT!! 
NON VETS 
N o w a v a ila b le in proatlgiow t 
I NORTHCLIFF^ I 
$ 4 5 o MOVE IN 
CONVENTIONAL j foe More ipfocw^ffion (Md I 
659-1161 
Or Come Oaf Today 

W 
T 
M 

$T MOVE IN VA 
CONVENTIONAL 5% DOWN 
No Payment TUI April 77 
We have several 3 bedroom plant. 
528,ooo-534,95o 
AU HOMES HATORI: 
✓ 1oo% Brick Construction sS 
Hdrxkraftwd 
• 
Woodburn*^ fireplace tX Energy 
Sovmg 
Pockoge 
Carpel 
Centro! 
Heat-atr W Deluxe Magee Chef oH 
Electric Kitchen ✓ 2 Cor Garage 
5 FURNISHED MODUS 
OPEN 9 -9 
W OOD STONE 
CALL JOHN G ILUAM 
656-5474 

V t AHU OwtMS 
WAI TORS-MIS 

MONTE VISTA 

Old World Charm with lux­ urious provisions for today's living trick English Tudor in 4- 
3 to, plus qtrs. living room has view of tiled terrace and landscaped enclosed yard 
Separate formal dining, walnut paneled library, spacious 3rd 
Hoar gameroom. 

J O N E S -K IN G 
8 2 6 -2 4 3 9 

21o-HOUSE W THEAST 
218 • OOBSES-WRTHE^T 

OUT W ALZBM Ciean J-I-den, air, fence, no down anyone 
SJW movetn, let prat in April 
344-5544 Mort McCormick 344 m i 
O W E R -" U n bsD P O H .L ts - 
Oreat family home, spacious 23oo 
4- sn Pl. living area. Many extras. 
554,4oo, 4o4-*433, s w r m r r t * A N s F f e f c « g 6 
Squeaky Clean 3 Bedroom, 2 batts, 
2 living area home. Bright kitchen with eating area. Covered patio 
Only 528,ooo. Open terms 4»4-;451 
A N YTIM E. 

PracttcaRy d m 
Bv ow ner la rg e 3-2-3, und er lOminutes from Ft. Sam, R an­ dolph and W indsor P a rk . Low equity, 641 2o9* 
P R IC E D g d R PAST1 SALE In 
WHiewood. Carpeted 3 bedroom, 2 b ath , fo rm a l liv in g , beam ed paneled den, b re a k fa s t a re a , large country kitchen with abun­ dance of cabinets, double garage, only 533,2SO PHA or VA. 481-o44o. 
REB CARPET 

PRICED RIGHT! 
I bedrooms, 2 baths a1 524,ooo. ow ner tra n sferre d . A working mans dream , only 3 years old. 
Located in the Mills, off Perrin 
Beitei. 
824-23o1 (Anytime) 
Beanie Owens Co 
WEALTOSS-Austln Hwy Otc 
REAL Yoni 
$41-i 647 

EDYTHE R. COOPER 

NME3MIITMST 
212 • Rifts 8C8THWFST 

DIO OF THE USUAL 
Ho-Hum floor pion? Then see this luxury S bedroom, 3 bath, 2 story, features forge family room with fireplace and built in wood box, 2 central hoot and air conditioning ™ system s, large covered patio, “ brick formal entry, kitchen, fami­ ly roam, and hallway, carpeted throughout. 
Lew 
8o's. 
Nltes 
828-8597 
Century 21 
M ONEY S A V E R S REALTY 
4S4-242o A N YTIM E 

TOWNHOUSE WANTED in Camelot I or ll, a Royal Ridge area. 3 bedrooms, 2Vj baths, 2-car garage, price range 535,ooo to 
54o,ooo. Quick occupancy desired. 
Call Evelyn Coleman at 4S4-4I32. 

NAYLOR REALTY 

GALLERY Of HOMES 
691-1121 

E V E R Y TH IN G NICE 
3-2-2, paneled den, bay window breakfast lo lovelv vord, fru it trees, privacy fence Workshop. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2521 
E X C E P TIO N A LLY CLEAN and im m e d ia te Possession, J b e ­ droom, 2 both pius all appliances. 
Assume low equity or refinance 
Call 341-4444, nltes 344 7o34. 

Don Bouchette 
A CO. INC. REALTORS MLS 

FIRST OFFERING 
3 bedrooms with converted gar­ age, fenced vord with lots of trees 
Assume low monthly payments of 
S92. Priced At $12,25o 
G ENE WILSON 
454-3441 
REALTOR 
MLS 
KEY GROUP 

NORTHWOOD 

 lovely large J bedroom, 2 to both on tome) lei in choice oho fireplace in fomily room, with built im Quarters Covered porch ond tiled patio 
Automata garage, magnificent trees. 
579,5oo Mites 655 2394 

PARK VILLAGE 

Northeast 
N E 
Schools 
4 bedroom, 2 bath, living and farm ly looms (IV and THA appraisal at 523.5oo Niles 492 FOW 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 

*54-5516 441-1121 MI-4141 

FIRST OFFERING 
O F* D E VIN E RD 
I Homes seldom tor sale in this lovelv hidden area 3-2 with fire place in living room Country kit- 
' chen and fomilv room combo with 
! in solace Finished basement with bath makes perfect playroom 
I 732-1291 

CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R EALTOR 
824-8472 Anytime p f lT T O Y title service with no unnecessary delay let ALAM O 
TITLE 
CO. handle the 
Deal 
227-P23I. 
FORMULA POR FINE L IV IN 6 
Take one beautiful rock home, J b ed ro om , 2 b ath , put it on a corner, add central heat and air, leads of extras, and above all, p rice it below 53o,ooo w h at a winner! Niles 455 2488 
Century 21 
HAP RESER 453 4182 Anytime 

F U N is what you will have this Spring and Summ er with a sparkling pool, big recreation room. and to re ! y a rd w o rk w ith d e s e rt tandscoomg 3-2 2. Spanish mo sonry co rn e r. E n joy tor only 
544,24o. 341 2222 Anytime. 
Century 21 
RAY TEAL. REALTORS d'AffOEN k'iY c -H iH : I bedroom full carpet, corner lot, fenced yard 519,9oo 
ROSSI R E A LTY 
494 7781 
G A i -S F IT k Tt N e m W . th v light liv in g rm , 3-2-2, pm ts 
5212, 
524 SOO or Terms Open 441-487o 

K i e m m i 
1 
LUXURY LIVING 

TORSI HR1S-AHSO4ooU 
Handsomely appointed home in chok* location Has charm ond livability, enhanced by dark stained 
Hoots, millwork, decorator wallpaper, plush carpet living room hot woodbuming firer*** formal separate dining, 
3 bedrooms, 3 baths, 2ox2o master suite has dressing room 
Garden room has glass view af bricked terrace and picturesque yard Equipped gourmet kitchen 
(ail for further details a 
JONfS-KING 
< 2 2 3 ? 
826-2439 
W U 

WO VI IN­ 
NOTHING DOWN lee High! 3 bedroom, 2 bath, fireplace, 
2 cor goroge, separate living ond dining, centro) heat oh, 2o X $ covered batta, fenced, trees, aly bus 2 blk s. See ond make 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 3 4 9 -6 2 1 1 

NEW IN CAMILO! II 

Just listed, a very large beautiful 4 bedroom, 2 to bath home with living room, dining room, and family room with fireplace Bnghl cherry kitchen with breakfast area, plus mony ex­ tra's^ Buy today ond move in fast! 
546,5oo 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OF HOMES 
691-1121,656-552o 

SAN PEDRO HILLS 
SPANISH. Neat 3 2-2, sunken ane living area, fireplace, formal dining, lots of built ins! 546,ooo 
(oNTFMPoRARY Well planned 3 7 
2, in THI OARS Vaulted living ond dining, hreptcned den, sunny breakfast room. 549,7oo. 
MOREI 
CALL TODAY 
69o-98o2 

G R E A T 
A M E R I C A 
R E A L T O R S ^ 
VA* 

LE T THE C H IL D R E N walk to L elem entary, high school, shop I ping and church from our newest listing in M acArthur Terrace 3 
Bedrooms, 2 baths, separate liv­ ing and family rooms large uttmy room, covered patio. Excellent buy! 824-o121 A N Y TIM E . 

 is ® , y H i 

— n k-i n r ^ T U f l g ------------ 
See for yourself this beautiful 4 bedroom with fireplace, covered and screened porch off shady fenced yard, storage space for a growing family. Niles 455 3488 
Century 21 
HAR RESER 4534182 Anytime 
Live Oak orca, off Jackson Rd 
I 71)7 I Hading Oaks, 3 bedrooms, 2 both, I garage, no down to on- vono! See it today, call Al Mendel 
HOMEBUYERS 
R E 
CO 
334-4255.________________________ 

UVE HAX VILLAGE 
1273$ S A N D P IP E R , like new, i 3-2-2, la rg e fa m ily room , fir- eetoco, cathedral ceilings, lanced yard, covered patio Owner anx­ ious Equity and assume 7% loan 

! C NIBLOCK BEATTY 653-1873 

MOTHER NATURE 
OUT DIO HERSELF with this I acre plus. Easy access lo downtown from 2lt N and-only m inutes fro m C anyon la k e . 
Located in Oak Village North and ready lo build on. Call Sherrie 
Legnon 533 7143, 313-4128 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

NEAR OLMOS PURK 

Convenient lo Randolph. Soonish 
C ontem porary, spurious 4-2-2. hreptoce, 2ox 29 family room, for moi dining room, sunken heme room, artist loft, covered patio, central hoot air and appliances 
E x c e lle n t te rm s 
Assum e or refinance Trade on smaller home 
BOB OePAOLO 
344 3oVI 
REALTOR 
CONVERSE No down Anyone on 
S 2 52oo dosing, only $2o 97$ 
828 4545 
Priokos Wily 
454-o97$ 

GARDEN W E 
F irs t o ffe rin g , b e a u tifu l 4 be broom. 311 bath. fireplace, superb nile Hen 
2o*4o pool with m any extra features, sifting on 2 ocres, for appt, cell V irg in ia Collier 
451-4821, 141 492o or 411-4149. 
Garden Ridge Ropily 

GLASS, BRICK, CEDAR 
C overs this 2 .ISO san lu x u ry homo 4 plush bedrooms, huge k itc h e n w ith a il tho goodies 
Breakfast area. huge living area with fireplace ond wetbar, cedar deck, tar ae upstairs gameroom or 
Sth bedroom left unfurnished for your tes desires Suaer content porory homo! 

LANDMARK. REALTORS 

GRTfU YMDWlWou'li love ibis nicely landscaped home with a green house open Hying arco, 4 bedrooms. 2 baths Polio toot 
827.95o 
REALTORS 
494-7771 
Guy Chipman Co 

HALL PARK 
IS the nome of tho street ond the house is os pretty os the nome of the stroof 3 bedrooms. 3 baths 
Close to schools ond molls 
REALTORS Perrin Boite! otc 
I 
824 21*1 (Anytime) 
CUSTOM D E S IG N E D 4 2 2 tire 
«* 
, n sstfaassrw K j 
Beanie Owens Co 
INTERSTATE 128 o755 iii 8 pm 
I 
RE ALTORS-Ausfm Hwy Otc 
B t COR ATOR 
EE- M OB iL E O 
H* f f ftV M lM ' i P g m 
'C I houses 
I I, 335 TE A K W O O D . 5)3.588 on Sherman Need repair Cantor 
822 3841 OWNER, AGENT 
“ 
“ 
' 

3-3-2-Cp 2,o9o Sa. ft Lorpe family room draperies, playhouse, V A appraised 544.759 822-9745 
CUL DE-SAC nome, bv owner, 
524.59o, I 2. converted carpo rt shvhghf, garden, trees, carpel, central heat and air, 8JI8 Room 
Hill 341-8594 
________________ 

CUPID WON'T BE STUPID 
It he aims his bow and arrow ot 
• his H O N E YM O O N COTTAGE 
Just reduced bv $1o98 
I bo drooms 7 baths, double car oar ago on a corner lot Priced below 
% iO.OuO 
6$4”3ooo A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 

ORASTICAlll REDUCED! 
’ SOPER CLEAN 
I bedrooms, 2 both double goroge Locolod on o 
Quiet street ond N E school dis trio Only si® *oo 
89 SIU or 34* ISIS Anytime 
Beanie Bwens Co 
REALTORS N Centro! p it 
EASY S II) ASSUMPTION i 
No uueiitytng immodiote move in with low 11459 equity on (leon l l ) hroptdco MI coneen tty j in* a roo air. cor pated, tented ond more. Mi Cameral ll. com 
144-5544 Hart McCormick 54o 2*41 

EL DORADO El SHARPE) imm aculate ) bedroom. 2 bath, separate living dining, end tom# tv room with duet hreptoce, walk to school. 3188 so t i, immediate possession 
144.588 
Niles 
455-7491 
C e n t u r y 21 
MONE Y IA V E RS HfcALTV 
454-3418 AWVTIM E 
■ 
E L D O R A D O ! 
See tho location et lim ) pod*oom 
2 balli home Children walk la paw, school and btu ground Ex fro gam eroom pius living end family room A bor ado at $17,VUU 
Con 814 8i7i 
REB CARPET 
REALTORS_________ I 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

ELEGANT LUXURY 
ALAMO HGTS SCHOOLS 
AO JO I NING 
NOR TM WOOD 
•STATES 
Bein* built by on incomputable bunder 
A flexible plan For de ions c att 
FRANCES LEVENSON t i l 1388 
AN YTIM E 
M I 4*51 

2 LIV INO AREAS 
In Alamo Hgts School 5o9o' with guest apartment S-S-4 Reduced 
122-132), 824-73)4 
Bixie Rose. Realtor 
“ i M x i k t f t r n M d A i N 
Then coll to see this exceptionally nice, I 3-2 with fireplace, lorpe country kitchen, and m inutes from Windsor Mall ond Ft Sam. 
Priced $1ooo below VA aaproisol 
5)4,*9o 
NORTHEAST SCHOOLS 
Lo v elv 4-2 2 w ith nice don, covered patio, custom drapes, and so dove to snooping, Ft Sam ond Randolph Only SII.*oo. open terms 
Century 21 
W HITEHEA D-HO LIDAY 
3417)11 
REALTORS i 6~o k T n 5 f 6 R 
A 
6 6 6 6 
A S SU M P TIO N - 75% Brick homo 
Is dose to basos, has I bedrooms, 
J baths, living room, paneieg den ond breakfast grad. All electric 
•kitchen Located in area of well keel homes 
Call 
342 1211 
ANYTIM E 

 w p m 

N ice 2 bed ro o m hom e, w ith ooneled heat, bring $4oo today, move in tomorrow, SI* a mo Near 
North Pan Am 
ALLSTATE REALTORS 
433-3285 
“ T u W I V i i fa n 1 6 I N I I 
No down anyone only 549o move in cost! Spanish courtyard with sunken Uvula room, lam lls room, appliances, only SM J monthly, in Camelot ii. coil today 
344 5144 Hart McCormick 344 1*93 
. . . 
. 
M C C A R TH U R A R E A 
Entev tho country living in in# low vaulty ssooo J-l-i brick and city lovely brick homo. on over asbestos SI S4 sp mo bay mon is of on aero of lend Near Churchill - ................................... 
F 
Mign School Owner is onxiout, e<«4 us a coin 

828-4391 A n y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
Rootier NE Loop ole wI T T f T r r a a r T T T r 'coreol, 
I t hying room. privacy lance 
835,ME 
IO SS I REALTY 
484-778) 

 h iTS T 'F fl'f Fr i f I brick wall in kitchen. 4 12 I living areas As sumo or now toon Niles 455 77is 
Century 21 

Brick 4-2 2, fireplace, screened porch, could be duplex 
Priced right 
M i 4455 
REALTORS 
4131159 

BARBREY AGENCY 
Neor Windsor M ali, ]-!, stove, refrig, fenced, freshly pointed, monthly payments 5)44, low equi­ ty or VA-FHA 4SS-o41S, 455 7144 
NE iv owner, 4-i i, living, dining room c o m b in a tio n , den w ith fireplace, new carpeting through out, custom window treatments, pan eled o a ra g e , ne A gents 
541,589 454-1o74 
N E ID MORE ROOM’ 
Move up tp this fu r geo us 3 be­ droom with large fam ily room, 
PLUS living ond dining room , carpeted throughout, and a fire place, loo! Low 4o i AVAILABLE 
NOW! Nite* 454-79) 9. 
Century 21 
HAP RESER 45)4183 Anytime 
SW E i ^ 
6 
L s-N 5 b o w N A n 
VONE 34 Bedim appliances 
277 94I4TERRA REALTY34 HRS 
NEW ON THE M A R K E T ! 
Located in Kirby, this 5-2 2 is 

M j e d j e d vers this entire 3 bedroom home Hupe den with cathedral ceilings, formal dining room , b re a k fa s t b a r, la rg e p rivacy fenced yard . A lot of home! Low 4o's. NE area. 

LANDMARK. REALTORS 
499-95o2 

REDUCED! to 542,9)o, lovelv 2 story, »-2to-2 In 
Kirby, convenient M ilitary Bases and Windsor Park Mall. Quick 
Possession. 
Marile Horton 344-2141. 453-5934 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

F g b d ffco S S . 
Like new big 4 bedroom, 2 bath, den, huge fireplace, on cul-de-sac and hill Large covered screened patio with built BBQ. Northast 
Schools. Owner anxious. Easy as­ sum ption 
C onsider VA P H A . 
349-4593, 822-14o1 

R fe'<5f H ? V "P'L'A d l, 6-bedroom, 
2-bath, double garage, utility room, 2,ooosq 
453-8534 

RIDE THE BUS 
3 bedrooms, 2 baths in East Ter­ rell Hills Fine convenient loc Olton 
A ll new p o in t, and hardw ood floors refinished. Buyer may have imm ediate occupancy, Hard ta beat this deal at $24,598. Will be sold 
PHA, 
VA, assumed or 
Conventional 
34*4343 or 34* 3535 Anytime 
Beanie Bwens Co 

 u n k Su e v a l l e y f o r g e 
No down Anyone, SISO closing. 
Spacious stunnng 3-2-2, fireplace in 14x22 living Large bedrooms, carpeting, coll now. $33,775. 
828-4545 
Priokos Rlty 
454-9975 
U n iversal i l l y : 3 Bedroom , 2 
Bath, All B rick, Bv Appt Only. 
Call: 458-9162. 
V A? A h T i Im m a c u la te 3 be droom, 2 bath home In VA LLE Y 
FORGE. Formal dining and large living oreo with fireplace Pretty oui de-sac lot w ith loads of privacy 
$4o,9oo 
824-o121 
A N YTIM E. 

NEW ALL BRICK 
4 BEDROOM northwest just inside 41o. This 4 adream, 2 full both home, has a 2 car room finished garage, formal living room, large coun­ try kitchen with deluxe built in 
Bogie (he! appliances. Paneled family room with sliding gloss deer, to patio, won to watt carpet ond vinyl wall covering of your choke. 
Other quality featuies include hand laid ceromk tile in baths, and furniture finish cabinetry thruout. No closing cost means 
VA ton move in for $1. or move in cost of $165o with Con­ ventional financing on total price of $32,95o 6118 UPWOOO between Callaghan and Oak 
Hills Roads. Other models oho available Open Saturday ond 
Sunday. Call 659-142o, 681- 
3o72 
DORSEY REALTY 

XfVnBflFORiOffBKO b FAR MYONG • 
Your expectation of a bedder- 
, raneen gem on 5 acres (inspir­ ing view) with heated POOL, 
CABANA with bath and kitchen. 
Double TENNIS COURTS lorae fomily room is brightened by two story voulfed ceiling, brae hooded hreptoce, gallery. Saltillo tile Paneled gcmeroom with fireplace 
Two story exciting brick, 5 bodrooms, 4to bottu, pius quartets. Separate living and dining rooms Vaulted ceil­ ings thruout And the lovely ap­ proof to discover country living close to everything. 
826-2347 REALTORS 

I 

?i2 iranEs wsgmwFrr 
212 homes-nobthwest 

Im m a c u la te broom, 2 bath home in VA LLE Y 
FORGE. Formal dining and large living area with fireplace Pretty cul de sac lot w ith loads of privacy. 
$4o,9oo. 
824-9131 
ANYTIM E. 

Open House Sat-Sun 12 5 
For Sale bv owner, 3-2-2, carpet­ ed, fireplace, cathedral ceilings, privacy fence. Close to club house and pool Many extras. 653-1258 
V A L Lt V 'F O R S E , th is super clean spacious 3 bedroom home has beautiful carpeting, an inter­ com system, and an autom atic garage door opener Tennis and pool are available. 
494-5221 
{AN YTIM E ) 
REB CARPET 
VA LLEY FORGE 
Beautiful 3-2-2 with fireplace. Air ond appliances 675-1491, 474-1777, 
423-572o 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 
V A l 'L T ? V > 6 f tf le , 3 i i. w ith fireplace. SI 5oo down. $325 month. 
HURRY! 
J B J REALTY 674-8883 Anytime 

212 - mMESNORTHWEST 

I'd A t HDGE OAKS 
15oo soft. rock home, all elec. fireplace, dogrun, 2 car, nice 
828-o445 
734-1746 
734-41)7 
WATSON & SON REALTORS 

REALTORS Blanco Rd Ofc r o s e s r 6 scs r o s e s 
Surrounding this 3 bedroom , 2 bath spacious home, refrigerator, im m aculate, carpeted thruout. 
Fireplace, too Only $159o equity. 
Call now 654-1234 
REB CARPET 
SA N fiE F fe ffM tL H lu o bown 
Anyne! Only 5459 closing tor spacious 4-2-2 carpet, living dining combo, plus dinette area In electric kitchen, air, den ond mere, only $444 month t 
344-5544 Hart McCormick 344-2993 

 inter matron 92) 4)27. 924 2923 

R o n a ld W illia m s o n 

KAVE A HORSE 

Make after! Cod 

T R ICO Realtors 149 4491 
3-1 v i in c afr>9ijrms s r s s r w ^ place corner tot I story 545 $44 
Jim Asway B*oi t stole 4*4 4214 
UK TERRELL HILLS 
Bum tar ensue* living > Hi tensity tun, * bedrooms ane 3 baths, fire­ place, 2 control neat a ir units. la rg e pool, p riv a c y fence 
134-413), attal 343-4849 

.N v m a a r i f B m ■ u v ? r 5 
See this nicety m aintained 3 2 nome cor Duple* I atrs. Artefac •. en bus tine. near colleges, Eg si ness district. Lest then M s 
1244887 i price 

ENO Of TRE HUNT 
Qve» 2288 sa it I pear eon* bein oversized deupie po tpie 
U ttiu landscaping 
Mas m o n , 
Punt ms large fireplace, sever b* * vie w in palm A gi ami ftppr 
Plan T N I >• P buck beauty Now un the market rn p pawl Hidden 
Fo, ppl 
HW P M I PT JPP J H I Any time 
Beanie Bwens Ce 

B U A ] # * ) m y 
* . i l l eke te n a n t ann m p i 

■ ut, VPU can seen swim ,n inn beatee boot in to m o tt**!' E m u , 4 bedroom home has new 
Sidney 
Eetpe cerpbtmp mr waul living, dining gad totally rooms Fir# place happy rp«m patio1 
44* *66 
REALTORS 
453-7341 E*8wtPf ton. it y 

TM V intel est 
Irmo 

V a B in t I Au k 
4447171 
499 9o44 
344-1o4* 
R Z F X K T O U T TORS R B U T U T ! 
Only 51458 down un 71% prick 
3-12 *oulied beamed ceiling single living area separate j dining roam apprienced kit then with amene area and more extroi st),959 Put poly evadable today se call now’ 
3*4 5544 Hart McCormick 344 1993 ' 

MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
Vacant - 4 bedroom 
I living prep 
• hreptoce atmas! new - corner tnt . iH U M i 
NORTHEAST s c h o o l s 
Easy assumption tow eaaity 8V loon 
694-9349 
143 4284 
CLINT W EILBACHER 

MINI CONDITION 
I bed)earns, ane bath. w alking distance to W aliem Elem entry and shopping canter Law 28 s 

828-439! A nytim e 
Beanie Bwens Cn f 
R otter-NE Lapp pie 

MONTE VISTA 
22$ VE. G R AM M ER CY 
8 ta ut ital I story reek with Hemp separate dining, ) pppreams, 2 
Path, tem uy room . and office 
Bum hi kitchen control boat and air STI SPP 73 3 9742, 824 SPT I 
SN n u d er N dtson R e a lty s liT M O N T H L Y PA YM T 
For only 54388 tautly will pot yap f Pear earns end J Peins 
This cornier tutus m en rn ai n la in e d beme is lust wetting for a now end growing family Walk As vt*men tory SC boot 17*417! 

 ureal buy et 532,4o4. Vary clean borne with central heel ond oir in an e x c e lle n t school d is tric t 
Range, dishwasher, garbage dis­ posal and burglar bars arg Ie remain Call 124 o171 
REB CARPET 
REALTORS 
N6- 5 5 w ir r y - iu v 6 H E $ • * , t. carpeted heme, fenced yard, 531$ mo 
ROSSI REALTY 
4947781 n o r t n f a 7 T ’ s£’h o 6 l 5 6 be dreams with air ond appliances. 
Only 5*53 cosh to pet in H u rry ! 
Great America Realty, 4*9-9892 n o r T h T a T T'T? h 6 <!>l 5------- 
This I bedroom. 2 bob home bas It atli All appliances including re- 
.triqerator Covered patro, wall to wall carpet and much more I S 
VA Con. Mid 3o*. REALTOR 
14)47712 
Century 21 lorries Glascock I assoc 

NORTHERN RIUS 
1*1o7 Smokey Way 32 I 531 4o4 
IP H I Smokey Way 3-2 2 $33,84o 
1*115 Smokey Way I story * .j | 
134,459 
COMPARE THIS Q UALITY 

CALLAHAN HOMES INC 
65* *848_________________ 811 H U 

Off NACOGDOCHES 
Stunning 7S% Erick I fc iS ),7 5 6 down closing Only sn *5o. 
828 4 545 
Priakes Rlty 
4S4-491S 
..Tr e r r PTffWTH ■«TT|L . 
Nothing down1 I bedrooms den, 
■.atbedral ceilings goroge, cen- 
•rol air hog! S3S 775 
*23-1*94 
ARCINIEGA RE A LTY 
— a w m a a ------------- 
* bedroom, 2 both, den. hreptoce, blush cornet cathedral catlin#, m ic ro w ove even, e le c tric kitchen, big tot M f A M ), 816**92. 

SOMEBODY CARED 
This 3 bedroom beme in Camelot ll has been treated with respect and It in excefltnt condition it hat a lovely landscaped yard, double finished garage with workbench ond built-in storage shelves. You must see this home to appreciate. 
Call 824-9111 today tor on appt, 
REB CARPET 
REALTORS 
'aB 'K » fllV A £ V for a large fam ily • 4 bedroom home has 2 large baths ..living, dining ond family rooms Patio, fenced yard, 
Walk ta Alamo 
Heights schools! 
$39,8o4. 
REALTORS 
8249431 
Guy Shipman Co 

SPACIOUS ond family living is affordable in this 4-2-2 carpeted, all electric kitchen, large fam ily room with fireplace, automatic garoae doer opener plus many ether extras 
GENE WILSON 
6S4344I 
REALTOR 
MLS 
KEY GROUP sn r t f a r n P A W T n ^ u m M 
HOME in prestigious Windcrest 
Separate formal ond informal liv­ ing dining areas plus study and 
24' recreation room 2 Wet bars, fireplace, 4 bedrooms, 2' tooths, storage galore Beautiful sprink- iert-d grounds 
342 3211 
A N YTIM E. 

ACT NOW! 
| Because this 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with a double garage and a 
I 16x15 fomily room is a SUPER 
B U Y ' Because it is not $35,ooo, but priced in the 2o s 
349-3535 or 349-5111, anytime 
Beanie Bwens Cn 
I REALTORS Locknut Selmo Otc 

 a d a m !) H i L l beautiful AH B rlcl, 
4 bedroom. 2 bath, double garage on corner lot. A home to enjoy. 
Call now 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
*24-433) 
REALTORS 
423 3*7* 
A DREAM t 6 UP DA tiF 
CU* tom rock fine older 3-2-2 den. beautiful pork like corner, fea­ tures thot talk to you who know quality. 82445o7 
REQUA REALTY CD 

M I BRICK in University Oaks, 3-2-2 Lovelv single living area, separate din­ ing Covered patio, corner lot. 
Priced to sell at $38,4oo 
E rie 
Nagel 4*4 S33o 6*42212. 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 
ALLENA VILLA GE J Bedrooms, 
I bom Better than on apartment ond priced naht 
4*4 7651 
A N YTIM E. 

THUNDERBIRD 
F rashly pointed ond carpeted 3 bedrooms, 2 beths with formal liv­ ing room. Very nk** 3),5oo. 
COLONIES NORTH 
NfW LISTING1 Hug* 4 bedrooms, 3to baths, double goroge Formal living ond dining, fireplaced fomily room. 
Walk to e fem* n tory! 
LEE HIGH 
All brick COLONIAL on 9ox15o lot. 3- 
2 with living, den, fireplace, CAME 
ROOM Only $35,ooo! 
HIDDEN CREEK 
(ul-dt-sac, 4-2-2, with formal and informal 
Hying areas! custom drapes 
Decorotor touch everywhere! 
6 9 o - 9 8 o 2 
G R E A T 
A M E R IC A 
RE A LT O R S 
I 

• Sc*nlh*eking View* 
• Wooded Ute* for HHV ACV 
• 4 Choko NorSh CommunWe* 
{Including Now Sraunfok) 
• Low Tamo* took* easy Fur- the ob Term* 
• 17oo Se Ft. Living - 2 Cur 
oorageS37,5oo 

I 

I l l 

 s 
. IH o m o 
- 
T I T L E 

For Fast Accurate Title 
Service 
5 Convenient Locations 

• 
IO T K T H \ \ l > • ^ iG l I M T V " A N T O N RIB. 

• lo o : N I U M H ’ IU ) • 72oo HI, A N« * > HI I VI» 

• IT IM I K K D K R IC K S H ! K<; H O M ) 

S e r v i n g S a n A n t o n i o S i n c e I V 2 2 

264o Se. Ft. Living 
6arogeo49,7 SO. 

 rn 

 in e y 
M O ? 
4 9 2 - 1 o 7 2 
6 5 8 - o 2 9 o 
6 7 3 -1 4 o 1 

JEFFERSON A R EA 
2 or 3 bodroont, with com­ pletely equipped deluxe kit­ chen. 
Including trash com­ pactor. Immediate po*Minion. 
$22,ooo. 
N E A R UTSA 
All tho kitchen appliance* re­ main in IM* woN kept 
3 bedroom 2 bam homo with double gorepe. $28,9oo. 
6 o 9 - 1 o o o 
T u rtle C re e k A r e a 

VeahieOwehs 
RfAirORS-MtS 

SERENELY PRIVATE 
11.5 ocrt — hilltop with magnifi cent view. Sophisticated 2-story 
(antemoorarv just minutes from 
Medical (enter and downtown. 2 years new; truly unique. 

LEE Hi-NSMiTZ 
(harming hi location. 
3-2, separate living-dining room, cen hoi heol-oir. Priced low 3o s for quick sole 824 3233, 826 oo49, 
822-5973, 822-91o3, 826 7314. 

FAMILY DELIGHT 

Describes this Forest Oaks home, with illuminated Fireplace in den, 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, electric kitchen, 
Saltillo hie entry, cathedral ceilings. 
Priced right! 
BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

CASH SHORTAGE? 
5375 is ail it takes to get into this 3 bedroom hom e w ith a ir, ap plian ces and c a rp e t 
F irs t payment in April 
Gr.eat America Realty, 6*o *8o7 

B ld Kl k iA U tlF U L --------- 
4 2',-3. Big country kitchen-den, 
PLUS 2nd fom ity room 
17x18 master bdrm, BIG dress, walk-in. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828-252! 
BO Lr e i r r T f M 'T tiE ft h 6 u s e . 
Must Sell, moke ap p t, to see This beautiful 3-2-2, with large master, utility and privacy fence. Make o tte r on eq u ity and assum e 
;i*% V A or $37,5oo 681-o9*3 

CASTLE HILLS TERRACE 
Custom b u ilt and prestigiou s neighb orhood, fo rm a l liv in g room, separate dining room, huge den with fireplace 3 large be­ drooms with walk-in closets. A 
23x14 ft billiard room (plus *x12 work or hobby shop). 567,ooo 
344 8348 
G r a c e A rn o ld 
REALTORS MLS 

CONDOMINIUM 
Beautiful 2 bedroom, 2 bath near 
Medical (enter Custom drapes and carpet, equipped kitchen plus washer ana dryer. $31,5oo. Mites 
656 758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY Of HOMES 

'm s s * 

456-SS2o *91-1111 $41-9191 

CASTLE HILLS.... 
.. .all masonry 3 bedroom home on a large lot with beautiful trees. 
Separate dining room, 2* ft den w ith fire p la c e 
N e a r M ount 
S acred H e a rt and Lee High 
School 341-72o1, nltes 342-o82* 
Ask tor VIRG IN IA N I6N D O R FF 
JDHN FLOURNOY INC 

1oo% BRICK 
And over 18oo sq It. in this 7 be­ droom older home, near a bus­ line This house features living room with fireplace Large formal dining roam, central heat and air, patio with bar-b-q. And Much more. Located in Jeff High dis­ trict Priced at 536,*oo 
684-433o 344-62o7 A n y tim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 
OALTORS-Bondero Rd Ofc 

1oo°» BRICK 3-2-2 with carpeting, family room, patio, AM FM inter­ com throughout, and appliances, including washer and dryer. 
434-2341. 
RED CARPET 

BUY NOW 

C ASTLE H IL L S 
Live in Castle Hills where city taxes are low in this elegant 3-2-2 with electric garage opener, in­ tercom. gas grill, hi aplace, water softener and more. Great for en tertoining and very comfortable living 
Located on quiet street close to 41o. W ell w orth your viewing While it still lasts, coil 
824-o171 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 

REALTORS SO Years of TR U) 
Aliena Village, 2 bedroom with den % blk from Olmos Elem en­ ta ry . Id eal fa r young couple. 
Vacant 5259o equity Assume tits mo BELL, REALTORS, 222-94*5. 
--------------- ANUT T l M t i ---------------- 
MOTHER IN LAW PLAN 
I Lovely 4 bedroom with corner 
; tim e p ie c e , atta ch ed sep arate quarters with bedroom , sitting ream and bath Home is 2 veers old. in better then new condition. 
Medical Center area In the SO s. 
684 72oo 
CENTURY 2) Schneider Realty 

BABCOCK PLACE 
4 bedroom s, J baths, c e n tra l air-heat, located near M edical 
Center and UTSA Will sell VA 
PHA or 
Conventional 
Only 
537,o98 
R eese H e n ry 

G lorious livin g fo r the active family in this spacious four be­ droom home with fireplace in the family room, garage has built-in workshop tor Dad, backyard with privacy and lots at room for all 
REALTOR 
Call 349 4)73 homeowner 
M ARKETING SERVICE 
• y Owner. 3 bedroom. 2 both, double ao raa e, Braun Station 
West, low equity. 684 31o5 wee 
Mads ar oft 4 __________________ 
BY OWNER 3 bedroom, l-bath, I large den, single garage, covered patio, cent. heat a ir, recen tly rem odeled. Located on C ra ig ­ mont between Blanco and West j 
Ave Price reduced to $27,*oo tor gulch sate1 341-572* or 341-4731 
BY O W NER. 12-2, brick, cozy den, riving roam , lorge trees, i central air-heat, privacy fence. 
C h u rc h ill-E is e n h o w e r a re a 
532,9oo 1o24 MI Capote 141 *1o1, 
341-4189. 
By Owner. 3-2 2, central heat air, > 
' Illy m r pated. 484 29o8_______ 
Bv owner, Charter Oaks. 4-2 2, 1 fam ily, living, separate dining, 
2,12o sq It fence, $5»,OOO 694 8995 

CASTIE HILLS 
Lovely home on oversized corner lot. Mint condition. 3 bedrooms. 
2’ J baths, large family room with firep lace Separate riving and dining 
Ideal for family or entertaining 
C A LL 494-5227 
A rm s tro n g Co 
CHARTER OAKS, massive single liv in g a re a , fire p la c e . 3-2-2, 
542,5oo, by oner 696-8538________ 

• •••C U L E BR A P A R K , bus ai door, 3 -tto -i, )io o down. Hab- lamos Espanol 
* 23-19o4 
ARCINIEGA REALTY 
CUSTOM BUILT! 
IN W HISPERING OAKS, unusual tri-level, second level living has fire p la c e , 3rd level has 3 b e­ drooms, (M a s te r has deck), I baths, 1st. level, separate dining, den, ' j bath, breakfast room, 2 decks overlook* tree sutudded yard. Ask for Fran White 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 
Century 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 

CHURCHILL HIGH SCHOOL 
A house with many extras, local- j cd in EN C H AN TED FOREST, 4 bedrooms. 2 baths, living roam, dining room, and fam ily room 
Extras include 2 banus rooms sewing roam ond study, above the ground pool, new air conditioning and mony trees Close to schools I and shopping, Coli today 

344-62o7, 684-433o A n y tim e 

DECORATORS H O M E' 2 story 
Brick 'n cedar with living, dining m om s pan eled den w ith fireplace . 5 bedrooms 
I has ad­ jacent study), 3’-* baths. Large, slat-covered patio...dog kennel 
589,5oo. 
REALTORS 
4*4-4811 
Guy Chipman Co 

••••D e e r Run, 3-2-1, fireplace, central olr-heot. Nothing down! 
532,375 
* 23 1*o4 
ARCINIEGA REALTY 
D E S IG N E D for liv in g -- 3-2-2, lorge living area, carpet, extras. 
52* 5oo Call 
INTERSTATE 828-o755 til 8 pm 
DESIRABLE LOCATION. No city taxes. Fireplace lovers wilt ad m ire the classic b e a u ty th at mokes this HUGE den a toy to relax in All brick, 3 bedroom, 2 bath beauty, nestled among mony oaks. Near pool and tennis courts. 
RED CARPET 
342-3111 
REALTORS 
4*2 2762 

ONLY 2 LEFT 
Must Ste this beautiful lantisccmi 
I living arn, 4 bedrooms, 2 tx horn* to believe located in: prestigious OAK GKK on •xtriiM large wooded lot. This home* features well to well carpeting,*1 ! 
Magic (hef oil electric kitchen’ energy saving package, electric n 

 dcor, handcrafted wood; g fireplace pius mony other* 

 extras. 
1615 COPPIRNilO RO. 
ONLY $48,5oo 
Coff mw today 
Jim Passel! 
6 8 4 -3 1 1 2 

CHILDREN GROW- 
HOMES DON’T t 
4 large bedrooms and 2 baths, • ■ central heat ond air, new S carpeting, appliances and custom drapes, on a targe lot ¥ close to Medical (enter. UTSA, * 
USAA A real buy cd $33 BOO 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS v 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

 toto 
OAK HILLS 

Prestigious, luxury home neat the country club 5 bedrooms, 2Vf'* baths, beautiful grounds. Custom- built with many extra features, 
$155,ooo 
REALTORS 
691-13o4 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 

ELAINE LUDWIG A ASSOC 

FOREST OAKS CORNER 
A very attractive 3 bedroom, 2 bath home w ith fa m ily room , cathedral cetlinas, large covered patio and lots of trees. Call today 
REALTOR 
Call 349-437) homeowner 
M AR KETIN G SERVICE 
FOREST OAKS 
New to m arket, beaufitul 3-2-1, one living area with fireplace , format dining, priced to sell 
Century 21 
W HITEHEAD HOLLIDAY 
DOU HOUSE 
481-o3oo 
REALTORS 

(ACTORS SO Years of TRU) 
- s w r o m n T V L t 

655-3584 
Realtor 
N ite $ 
BY OWNER 

653-8592 

4 Bedroom, 2 baths will with all am enities I See lo a p p re ciate. 
! Less than $44o9 equity Owner agent. (N o Agents p le a s e ). 
)4* 2344 or 454-4*21 
) Story heme, corner tot, 
I p rivacy fence, equity with as­ sumption or refinance 6544226 

418 SUMNER 
3 bedroom , I both, c en tral heat, o ir c o n d itio n e rs , fe n c e d y a r d , trees $14,5oo. 735 5413 
LES E D G A R 734 4 331 

SWIMMING POOL 
F lu* 3 bedroom . * bath home with gam eroom and 3 cor aaroge 1*49 
: sg ft 
Im m a c u la t e c o n d itio n . 
547,549 2o7 Maplewood 
C A L L 4 94 5127 

A r m s t r o n g C o 

TERRELL HGTS. 
O lder hem e ut a alce tre e -lin e d neighbor heed. 2 b e droom s, bt# living ream , hardwood floors and com dr tot l i t , 54o Coll 82457o4 

BABCOCK RO 
2 ociiacent 3.5 a c re tra c ts w ith h om es a n d o u t-b u lld in o s th a t cauld be converted to 5 apts 434 ft frontage on Babcock Rd Just so u th of B a b c o c k N o r th a n d 
Tanatew oed e n tran ces Buy one or both For details, call 342-41 l f 
A N Y T IM E 

WORLD WIPE REALTY 

BEAUTIFUL CHARTER OAKS 
F IR S T T IM E ON M A R K E T im pressive open iivm p a rea with tire o la c e . this I bedroom hom e has a lorge kitchen, with built in ra n g e , d o uble oven, arid tra s h c o m p a c to r, custom d ra p e s , o il carpeted. 2 d o n a to r baths, reefed p a tio F L U S a b onus ro o m to r hobby* or office 
Ask tor O L IV E 
B IZ 2 S L L E 
34 1 7241, titles 
4*4 7644 R E A L T O R 
JOHN FLDUBNOY IHC 
3 •■ B R fN U w V c r M S San i v Oro 
F o rk Cauld be used tor business 
517,o44. Ceti 233 o958. 
Century 21 J .W „ W 
438 5744 
R E A L T O R S 
* 5 ) 424o tortobi# 2 story home in Chm 
ROB R O D G E R S 

L et* of uvm g spacg in this com tor to w * 2 story home in C hurchill u re a C a rp eted livin g room den plus enclosed garden room 
See today 822 I H I . 824-5471 

T537 
OW 
(■tune* UUU m um inurn) (.deice I ared Ila .i.n .l.n 

• 2 4 8476 * 
Qt>mr*9r% te rto in in g os w ell as in fo rm a l 
I term ly riving, alm ost 25oo ie ti, ond priced under 
5*8,84o 
4414448. 
Hmm wm amin 

 t o r t a W r i Y K a t t n 
I E 
L 
™ 
! 
* 
, 
LD F A R M Iv o w t to f 4 t > N I bedrooms I ' , beths fam ily ream 
O L T 
S chools 
C e n tr a l h e a t -a ir agents *53 1738 f i t D F a I H 
I'f-' J - i - l , c e n t r a l h e a t a ir . r a n g e , d is h w a s h e r , disposal, covered petto 
Nothing down VA 
533,884 C harles Watts 
Reel Kstate, 732 2918, 7)3 S ift 

REO CARPET 

 w ith fire p la c e, wet P ar, country k itchen F riv a c v fenced proles si on ally landscapes# lovely oaks 
Custom d ra a e rie s . Te see is to buy' Com tor m are details 
Call M f 143* Anytim e 

OIA RANCH HOAD 
BASSE W EILBACHi ft 
U U ! r m if b il ftu n u 
IN C , R E A L T O R S m ise lo o k in g e t th is low k u e — r ir .'z z r . 
D o n 't m iss lo o k in g e t th is low 
•gutty Duy et l l IS* Kraal lo to hon b e a u tifu l let w ith lets et tg rg e tre e s 
O pen liv in g e rg o 
I b e ­ drooms 2 Putti( fully carpeted 
658 3535 A n y tim e 

T H'a D 'm i & 'ftA W t- T fu n n in , 
• a triu m " hom e with rots et Saltillo rile fire p la c e • Hug* living area. game ream . 4 bedroom s. I Paths 
Attached garage, long I 
558,346 
R E A LTO R S ll 
633-7)41 

• 
M 
S 
L 
S a y C M p n a n J a 
'HOUSAND OAKS ta lly N P M a I bai 

 o ffr v - m m i H im cip su , is you neeu to buy a I ' , bath hem e rn 
- u s my dis tone * et N E aidm en tory Carpet, dishw asher, m r to r a n e e , e n d c e n t r a l d i r , te e . 
F e y m e n ts tees then 1358 
8 '» % 
A R R , 148 Btoyments. total pride 
Ile 77| Ceil lep e r 823 5448 
E D G IL B E R T v t k l TORS 

{ in fto T in ker, 
U r iN I tn N M i f l l, fu lly carpe 

 a t m Chipman Ce 
> u « p 

On this I J. fu lly c a rp e te d , pH e le c tr ic k itc h e n fe n c e d y a rd 
M any MC* trees P riced to SPH pl 
517.548 Cat! tor appt 
GE NL W ILS O N 
434 )841 
R E A L T O R 
MCS 

W e tin p liy fo u n d a 3 b e m e e t* hem e with some breathing ream 
I , bams, large fam ily ream with wet bar- cedar roe* Loaded with e x tra s , lik e tr a s h c o m p a c te r, water softener. Mc P riced in 58 s 

828-4191 A n y tim e 
Beanie Owens Co 
R eplier NC i hup ofc 

M 3K D R ooM S ! 
3 4 BATHS! 

879,5oo FO S115,ooo1 l% % INTEREST AVAHI 
OM VALOT OMCOEEK NVN 
9 m odels open d o n , spacious, yr ck lo us riving, ergtniei designs. will tra d * O af Vance Jackson 
I m ile tram 416 

MIKE 
KUMER 
BLUR. 

Buy her this luxury Traditional 4 bedroom , fto bath w ith flexible livin g a re a . 34 ft c o v e r*# pa tly 
(av P f leeks b e au tifu l ear den and peel 
T ree c o ve r*# tot an aural street 
M ar it# Horton 344 I M I , 45) 5934 
BOB JO N ES. REAL TORS 

D R E A M L A N D OAKS 
: 3-2-2, all b rick , extro lorge rooms, seperate living, huge den, beau- | liful yard, extro 32o tq It storage and shop in re a r 
M id r i l l 
344-1437. 

B Y 
OW N E ^ H O L L Y W O O D 
P A R K 
L u x u rio u s ly fin is h e d , 4 
: bedroom , 2 'i beths, pool, la rg e 
IQI 584 *5o 4*4 531*______________ 
BY O W N E R 
S3* *oo low equity, 
, 517o mo 3-2-2, Leon Volley Area 
I *81-3413 
By o w n e r, 4-4-2, n e a r M e d ic o ! 1 
I C e n te r, U S A A , TS A, c a rp e te d , co ve red p atio , tc fle e tt n e a rb y , swim and tennis club. assum e T S I loon or refinance 4 *5 7o*4 
__ _ 
B Y O W N E R , 2-1-1, new p a in t. drivew ay, sem i furnished 5)5.75o 
Ask tor Solly, 733-8)ii lorge yard 
BY O W N E R , N o rth sid * Schools, 
1 l 11 with den, uMttty room, e a r ­ n e d * d is p o s a l, s te v e , c e n t r a l I heat oir $14o7 equity end assume 
No Agents, 337 4411 _____________ 
EY O W NER 
O ak M e a d o w , b e a u tifu l, la rg e , 
2 s to ry 4 3-2, 2 y e a r ald hom e, 
I C o rn e r le t, e x tra s g a to rs , im m aculate 7 ***. Loon, ne occetor- dttoW. Only 583,888. 891 3924 
BY O W N E R ' 1-3-3. plus den. IO min lo Lackland, w alk lo N lS D 
Schools ond sfloppm e O utstand 
, mg list of extras. M ust se* M id 
I JO s, 473 J»*o atter I. A N Y T IM E weekends 
By O W N E R 
R O L L IN G R I DOC 
I 4 12. fom ily room with fireplace, living dining com bin ation m ust to appreciate 
*84 1129 FOR 
A P P O IN T M E N T _________________ 

BY DINNERS 
N O R Y H W C 5T 

4921 
B R O O K F IC I D L AS t 
CHANCC EV O W N E R I C om * out now end s t* this Twin C reek view 
With 4 bedroom s, fire p la c e ond e x tra s g a lo re ' O w ner a n x io u s ' 
543 *48 481-8827. 3 43 -*)*) 

338 S M O A D Y V iC W -E A L C O N N 5 
H E IG H T S - ite r e a t * abounds in this 3 2 1 pius den on 188x138' tot' 
E xc e lle n t condition end a m ust s e * ' O P E N I E R M S 
8 )4 *1 8 
O P E N 
H O U S E 
S A T -S U N 
733-334* 342 9)91. 

I l l * W 
M IS L E 1 o E Room y 3 2 2 rn Jet* a rea win cnarm your sucks off to toast your toes bv th# living room fire p la c e ! F o rm a l dining, big k itc h e n on d o p e n te r m s ! 
127,789 713-8976 821 )92*. 
San Antonio Homeowners 
ASSOCIATION BROKERS 

Replier N E Loop toe 
S H E N A N D O A H 

• H-t s u n a r a s f c r r w m i t3. m 
£ \ £ £ * 

 s e s is r S iT T S r ^ : d 
. M i i i l l M U t o * Ofrtr ttrafttt 
WdMld von amIw 

KLUG WILLIAM 
H isto rical D istrict • ester od ISS) 
St e n . C o lio * * 
Duplex or sinai* to m e , Cen lr ut air and k«ul tar ye te n te r tot 542,588 to m « } * ties r v r v t ; u . u , „ « « . k itc h e n c a rp e t a n ye SIS *48 
E QS i t RE A i i v 
4*4 / >ei 

NACO P E R R IN A R B A M f D e e s to reek J I I , tor, 

.... 
Mb! c e **red{ 
• ppm. trees, storage shed. 
„ 
S IM p m en P l, won I to**! tree*, curved r n >5*4 H en Mc c or mn * p i W I 

MJ4MU4 IG CAU s i i i ie e e rest 

(A u i l l 
#66 
( A r i l l i Am# 

 o i i n r c w y T m n r H a i 
* tre e * young pf M e n cetSpgx rn 
I N o rth rid g e , wit, i tieing a reg 
2 h e d rg g m s lo v e ly k p rd g tg e d fleers 
IM M E D IA *8 
P O SSESSIO N' 
518 848 
R E A L T O R S 
834 9*11 
Guy Chipman Cl 

4*4 1544 Ofter 4 

TO BUY OR S B H IB B US' ghi, *s hi Atom* Metphts tor t i reels *» terne tocpKpP, flew we 
A e ** m e re # im the h e a rt el 
Heights ta a m are ten ven ieitf lee ellen tor agr Customer!! to* need m et* bi he t i end con us* 2 suite se * up<* Liber et listing top* 
Cod tor further detorii 8M2JIS 

■“ I S 
M 
* * 

 street 
Would yep betray* only 
*35.858? 
• BT I IR HURRY 11 
349 ISIS or 349 31 l l aw ytime 
Beanie Bwens Co 
R f A L tD R I LUC khrii Ie,m o OH 
,™s * " t m f n u n — 
- 
I eodi earn I bath dpp, arg kit chap, eft carpeted Oe Heriyrtdge 
LHA YA 
#r asterin* ult SSO) ss* I I N 

W in n J l l JI 
M M S r S 

BY OWNER Timbercreek 3 2 2, ) 
Acre, double ta rd o * excellent condition 
544.68o By a p p o in t - mewl only, 14 7 5 38* 
___ 
BY 
OWNES 
TOWNViEW 
ESTATES 
J bedroom, 2 bath, dining ream, large tomiiy room fireplace 2 car para«*, on Cut De Sac 
/ I 2 
* N O T * t Y e a r e ld , SIG SIS ell JHS Of 224*554. 
___ 
BY OWNER fownview Estate 
3 2 I, 
Assum e 
TS 
C all 
484 578* w kdyl *14 8**1 w it ) ie 56 691 2)76 M ti t i l TI 
DA I El-11-77 l l I I I Doubt* Wide 
M o b il* 
H O m * 
Lew down paym en t Bargain tor Coed C redit rn rnrn ________ 
CAM YOU? 
OI lewis* VPU can Situ buy tort*# reams end h ey * e m onthly in get tm gat Lew enough se you CPA sub en,ny (he bettor things rn iii* 
Cab today end we writ shew vee 

Beanie Bwens Go 
OBAL TOMS jefferson OM 

Beanie Bwens Co y t: ALTOR5-N West Ofc 
CLOSE 
TO 
HOLMES 
HIGH 
SCHOOL 
Lovelv 3-2-2, nothing down to on von? 675 1691, 673-572o. *74-1777 
POINTER REAL ESTATE j 

C.M. FURR CU. 
Spectolizing Northside 713 7 )|l 

COLOMIES NORTH 
Custom built, beautiful drapes and carpet, 4 large bedrooms, 3 luxury baths, 2 fireplaces, centra! heat air 
Call 
824-437), totes 
474-8744 
Turner Realty 

COLONIES NORTH 
Custom built, beautiful drapes and carpel, 4 large bedroom*. 3 luxury baths, 7 fireplaces, central heat air 
Call 
824 4521, totes 
*74 o744 
Turner Realty 

COLONIES NORTH 
By owner 4 bedroom, 7’ I beth. custom built. 4 years old, extra lorge den and master bedroom 
Mutt see lo appreciate' 4** 74o5, 
6*6-7141. j 

CONFUCIUS SAY 
' ' Cheaper to live near fugit school man to buy car tor teenaoer " .I a 

 nre about this I bedroom, 2 for 524,589 
• a r y l Weigond 344 2341. 347 4454 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

C o nvenient to til) a A U T 5 a 
Medical Center Small cosh os sumption 4 bedroom, I i bein, heof-ptr, stove, refrigerate! dish washer. $245 per mo, will trod# 
•O S DEPAOLO 
344-39*1___________ 
REAL TOH 

COUNTRY ATMOSPHERE 
Right in tn* city I bedrooms, 2 beths, pig Hying room with a rack fire p la c e , 
L a rg e w orkshop 
: Country kitchen a h en about '. acre with tots of big trees. 538.738 
*8)1172, nite* t i t 6614 
BILL SOUTHERN REALTOR 

W R Y LIVING 

FOR EXECUTIVES 
Entertain rn a 41x18.4 riving ream with fireplace end wet bar end en toy (I formal dining room on 3 tree flued acres, foal urine 3 be drooms. 4' r paths Entev e smo k thou se, and a preen house Two veer* eta Cau for more details 
COH 34* 14)4 Anytime 
BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, RfcALTORi 
[C O U N T R Y 
L IV IN G 
4 
BE i CROOMS, 2 Porns, riving room separate dining, reef nation room 
2 fireplaces! workshop burn J 
; acres, tre a t. No city taxes 
1 Northvue schools. 
Owner sevens________________ 
COZY COTTAGE in ideal Leto lien. Many trees, cl#*# to schetos ond shopping 
3 Bedroom s, 2 oaths, country kitchen 
Large win dew in lentil y room Carpeted 
Other 
Extras) 
Ceil 
5246)31 
ANYTIM E. 
ROSOW A HINE 
REA LT O R S 56 Veers pl TflU iT 

CRAZY SHIRLEY 
MISSING 
When she'# first weraed into our off ic * end wanted to buy a l i i home, ton.ny loom with a tire 
Plate, garden kitchen gam y, 
•rom large master bedroom with e be a I ired ceiling, shade frees uke new and in g N o rth w est 
Heighten need with high resale veto#, we c e ile d her c ra z e , I especially when she wanted ll PAI I tai under 546 666 
W ell, C r a n 
Whitey i*n I |p tr*4g , pee aas* we town# a home with ail thai end it s em* 5J7,egg sure wrap w* could rind sm ile. 

Older frame home near bus and shopping. Can have business on residence. In the 26't B E TTE R 
HURRY. This wont last! 

828-6391 A nytim e 
Beanie Bwens Co 

— m e s c a l 
DONT RRING MONEY 
Bring your point brush, ne down payment to anyone 3-4 bedrooms, 
2 baths, some with a ir and all appliance* 
Payments las* mon rent 
BOB DePAOLO 
144-39*1_________ 
REALTOR 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
Beautiful 4 bedroom home with circular staircase Separate din­ ing, 2 baths and a powder room 
L arg e dgn, m ony oak trees 
341-7761. nltes 342-682* Ask for 
V IRG IN IA NIEN DO RFF 
JOHN FLOURNOY IHC 

Enchantm ent in EN C H A N TE D 
FOREST. Cozy fireplace tor these w inier evenings. S p rln k le rtd grounds for easy maintenance 
Hue# recreation room pius family room, and living-dining. J self. cleaning event end micro wove. 
Occupancy date flexible 824-o121 
ANYTIM E 
ROSOW A KLINE 
REALTQR5-S8 Yeors of TRUST 

FOREST OAKS AREA 
Rock home with large beamed family room ond a rock fireplace 
Interior brick work ond o utiM*y roam Only 537,589 or assume tow equity. ia 
C e n tu ry 21 
Schneider Realty 
464 Ttog 
Found Wed Feb *, block cocker 
? puppy, Alamo Hats 822 1782 

ESTATE SALE 
I argo masonry hem* on lorge let between UTSA and SW Medical 
Center. 4 bdrm, 4 bath, t99,S68. 
82*5821, 344-8451._____________ _ 

EXCELLENT CONDITION 
Jefferson are a b rick, 3 7 den, covered polio, close to bus, car­ peted drapes, mw JO * 
Marne Horton 344 1)41. 45) 5*3* 
BOB JONES. REALTORS 
KEY GROUP 

EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY 
New to market 1-2 2, with family ream, eh* owner W alking dis­ tance lo ail school* Ho* had leis of TLC! 514.5o6 

GOT THE W INTER BLAHS? 
See this sunshine bright 3-2-2 home with cheery fireplace In living ream Quick possession pettibi* on Milt tow equity lean 
Located in N 5 School District. with stem school in walking dis tone* Priced at t)4.*o4. 
4*6-1113 
REALTORS 
341 7538 
RED CARPET 

GRACIOUS TONHOUSE Ltvng 
Large 3 bedroom. 7’ baths fully carpeted Professionally decorot ed. End unit G re a t n o rth sid * location 
544,4oo 
Coli 
4*4 7JSI 
ANYTIM E 
ROSOW A KLINE 
REALTOR5-54 Year* pl TRUST 
GREAT NORTHWEST 53o6 
Total down-clostng! Beautiful 
3-12 spacious single living ergo. appliances, tarp* mslr bedroom, air, lust SHO monthly 
144 5544 h art McCormick 344 29*3 

HANDYMAN'S DELIGHT 
2 large bedrooms, living area plus dining, hrgpkice on oimosi I acre 
Room for garden. 824-452), nltes 
4/4-o/44 
Turner Beany 

Harmony Mille. NE ISO 3-2-2, by owner $4349 down 53*.54o. WHI nege term* Shown by appt Man 
Tues I 5 34) 253*, Call tor Or. 
Merritt ofter * 177 4131 
Heritage Form, by owner, 1-1-2, 
Jiving ond paneled tomiiy rooms. 
I fire p la c e , beam ed c a th e d ra l 
: ceilings in fam ily, dining, and master bedrooms. $386o equity. 
5357 me 675-134)__________ 
HILL COUNTRY VILLAOC 2 be 
, dream. 2 both heme nestled on 2 $ oak studded o cres, id eal for horses. Call 341 4484 tor details. 
REALTORS 
C e n t u r y 21 
RED CARPET 
... H |N IT iM N A O H O lllO A Y u n i i v sai a a ^ ^ d a d h 

EXCITING RDME 
Loaded with charm One very large living a rte with cathedral colline fireplace and deluxe wet bor Stearate dining, 3 bedrooms. high let near M edical Center 
341 77o1, altos 142 661* Ask Par 
VIRGINIA N IE N D O R F* 
JDHN FLOURNOY INC 
F A M ILY A F FA IR 4 bedroom* large riving oreo and n it* sited vord Three Northeast Schools clos* bv 
Harm ony Hills area, 
4*45221 I A N YTIM E) 
REB CARPET 
F AN T Ab u I O u i ! A super Con femporory home with g 2 story firep lace, which opens in th * tomiiy room end loft on indoor 
•• teahouse a* pen of me decor­ um! tots of baitiiie tile! I hug* pearuem suites 
574,6o6 
REALTORS 
4*4-4411 

S24,9So-FIREPIACE 
This I bedroom beauty ti located en a tree co v ered let i« the 
Metric el Center prep New carpet lh living room Cell today, this went lest lone i i I 444 ’7*4 
C E N T U R Y !) Scfntofder RoaRy 

F I R S T O FF E R IN G 
Presa en th* market 11, separate dining room and lei mal living m om 
Also fa m ily room w ith corner 
T x v o lu te 
544 568 
M i 2221 Anytime 
C e n t u r y 21 
“ AY I t Ai 
KT At TQP$ 
I OR TST OAKS 
Large 4 bearoam 
) bum heme, 
Split train dam plan I living atees 
Meaty landscaped st' *68 
HEAL TOR et I I JAH 
C e n t u r y 21 

 t v c r a m i M M c 

C e n t u r y 21 

A * A* jM liN 

> i H**V44j«# # | r n - . . 
ANO vrows 

HOLLYWOOD FARK. Nice aural 
'toiabborhood, large fenced let, you'll appreciate en the extra storage and rooms rn 4 bedroom, 
J bath home Beautiful hie entry. divides lr amal riving dining, fir* placed den 
RED CARPET 
H I H )) 
REAL t o r s 
4*4 ISSI 
HOLLYWOOD FARK 
J -3 1 
Brick 
Contem porary 
■ruined ceilings, firepiact 
Untgu*' 
132 III ) . 82473)4 
Dixie Rose, Realtor 
I HAV# spgn on* et the prettiest homes 4 bedrooms, enfertoinine sue n, mg. dining hug* den he* beautiful hr apiece Wad until ypg se* the dame room, complete with eof. 
All im* end a perk in your boce yard Under 544,6o4 Asb tor Ruth 
► odes 

$41-9164 A N Y T IM E 
C e n t u r y 21 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 

7SWTHNE8T" i Large J bedroom hem * rn L eon 
[V o lle y 
Room y beam ed den. 
I separate riving, double garage, j electric Allerion Assume 5262 mg 
SANDISON REALTY t i* *151 

IT ’S TRUE i y w CMI have t bedrooms tor only i 522,544, and this heme also hat central hoat air and a built in kit then 341 * t f t Anytime 
C e n t u r y 21 
- 
? M i REACTOR! 
'BUYERS BARGAIN! 
Sharp i bedroom I beth with a corner tn upioce I ti im pi pining sep arate d m aster b ed re em , tented vgtd On a aural cut de sac 
Only t i ) , boo Easy to as sam* 481 HJJ nit#*, 4*2 ID J i l k I IO U Tw j |(N M IA L to g 
JEFFERSON HIGH 
% brick J A tdreem 
I bain to vane .auk beamed den, im 
J drowsy seed!ate riving gag brit gaibee new .tee in t kitchen 
Assume firs me 
SANDISON BBA!.VV 
#*» »Mt 

EXPRESS - NEWS BONUS ABS 
2 lines 
TEXAS SIZE SAVINGS. . . IO oats 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 

' ■ S O R B 
I 
A 
A 
A i i d 
" 
I O 
O 
O 
QUICK RESULTS! 

12 • HORES NMITHWtST 
212 HOMS NORTHWEST 
212 HOMES NORTHWEST 
1212 HOMES HOBTHWCST 
214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

IMECRAI 

$1 MOVE IN VA 
S % OOWW CONVWTTONAL 
MO PAYMENT TIU AUTH 7 7 
3 and 4 bedroom pions 534,95o to 543,95o. All homes feature energy saving package, central heof oir, carpet ond handcraf ted woodbuming fireplaces, deluxe Magic Chef all electric kitchen, and 2 car garages 

6 FURNISH!D MODELS 
OPEN DAILY 9-9 t w i n c r e e k 
6 8 1 -1 111 
D 
K 

MEADOWOOD 

ESTATES 

Three bedroom, two Bath, oil brick home, large den with fireplace, separate dining room, large covered patio. 
Alamo 
Heights schools. 
By owner 

8 2 6 - 4 9 7 3 
Only! 

O P E N T E R M S 
3-2-1, D e e r R u n , s to v e , d is h ­ w a s h e r, g a r b a g e d is p o s a l, drapes. $29,9oo 
JOE E T H E R ID G E A ASSOCS 
______________681-3589_____________ 

•OUT SAN PEDROW 
3-2-2, over 2,1oo square feet. Nes­ tled on a p p ro x im a te ly 'm e r e , with lots of Oak trees, huge den, fireplace: M LS R E A LTO R S 
342 2869 
684-3334 
HaWmarti Properties 

U N IV E R S IT Y OAKS, lf you seek country atm osphere but close to city conveniences here it is! All b ric k . 3 bedroom , 2 bath hom e with large fireplaced, single living area, kingsized m aster bedroom . 
RED CARPET 
342 31H 
R E A L T O R S 
696-5o77 

HIGH i 
FASHIONED 
The impressive wall welcomes you to this brick split-level with 
, 6 bedrooms, 4'/? baths, large fireplared family room plus huge fireplaced gameroom On about '/} an acre. Rest and view the stars from the high deck. 
Cosie Hills. $119,ooo You must sec this! 
826-2347 
REALTORS 

SPACIOUS AND 
GRACIOUS 
Over 22oo sq ft. in this 4 bedroom, 
V't bath home featuring fomily room, sundeck, hand covered bor and stools On 16 acre. Reduced 
$1o,ooo for quick sole 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 

LOW EQUITY! 

3 -2 -2 with approx. 
16oo iq. ft. of luxury, tats than I year old. 
Low agility of 
* 1 7 o o ond atturn* balant* of $ 36 ,8o o at $372 pot i 
Formal and informal living ond 
Hinny handcrafted fireplace between twin slid- 

S P E C IA L B U Y 
ONLY I LEFT! 
Va M r « i 
• i t r t I t r y t wooded lot 
3 bedroom, 2 bath home in prestigious 
Oak 
Creek. 
Featuring woodbuming fire ­ place, all electric kitchen, w all-to-w all carpeting, electric garage door opener and all brick construction. 
Only $48,5oo 
Call today 
OAK CREEK 
684-3112 

 r n 

 ing door i w rap-around patio' control heat-air, fully carpeted, deluxe Magic Chef kitchen. 
Like new condition. 
681-1111 
TWIN CREEK 

PEACE'N QUIET 
L u x u ry 2 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th , a ll brick, in lovely W oodlawn Hills. 12 years old. C e n tra l heat and a ir. 
O v e r 2ooo sq ft. 544,5oo. E r ie 
Nagel 696-533o, 696-2712 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

P E R F E C T FOR 
P R O F E S S IO N A L -E X E C U T IV E S 
E xcep tio n al 3-2-2 in prestigious area, too m any extras to m ention 
In the 5o s 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
681-o3oo 
R E A LTO R S 
P LA N TS N T H IN G S will be haopy on shuttered porch, 
2-1, dining, big living room 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 828-2521 

PREFERRED PROPERTIES 

S.P-R-E-A-D 
Out in IO rooms close to the 
Medical (enter 3 bedrooms, 2 baths new kitchen and roof VA appraised at $39,ooo 
ALSO 
Two other 3 ond 4 bedroom homes in Northside District for 
$38,ooo 
699-1ooo 

DUM E OWEIS 

• MINUTES TO UT8A • 
M e d ica l C o m p lex, U S A A , Lock land, Kelly On a Hillcrest with a panoram ic V IE W . V ery inviting ram b ler, 3-2-2, den (26X 15), FP , high b eom ed c eilin g 
S e p a ra te d in in g room . E le c tr ic th ru o u t. 
Oak 
Hills 
T e rra c e 
544,5oo. 
826-2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 

M IS SIO N TRA CE 
T O T A L 
L U X U R Y ! 
C u s to m d r a p e s ,.unusual custom c e d a r paneling, coin er fireplace Lots of n atural light plus excellent loca­ tion 558,5oo 
R E A LTO R 
691-13oo 

(over $1oo,ooo) 

M a ry M o n t E x c lu s iv e 
U n iq u e c o n te m p o ra ry s u rro u n d s a o r geous tree form pool. Custom ized features include com plete e x e r ­ cise room with sauna and w hirl pool Call for fu rth er details and specially prepared brochure. 

C a s tle H ills E s ta te s , lu x u r y ! throughout. 2 story colonial, 5 or 6 j bedrooms, form al living and din 
I m g. F ire p la c e in fa m ily room , s e p a ra te q u a r te r s , o v e rs iz e d heated pool 

E xecutive hom e on 2 acres over lo o k in g 
C a n y o n 
C r e e k 
G o lf 
Course. 5-3' z, large fam ily room 
W etbar, separate dining, gourm et kitchen. 

Sauna and la rg e pool 
C ustom 
Spanish 5-4, study, living, dining, lo m ilv ro o m w ith fir e p la c e , 
I covered patio, sundeck, rock pa- 
! tio on 2 lots, centrally located. 

M a g n ific e n t 4 b e d ro o m s tu d y pool-on b lu ff o v e rlo o k in g g o lf c o u rs e -d e s ig n e r a p p o in tm e n ts throughout 3 cor garage 

: IO a c re s in the c ity w ith la k e . 
Large 3 bedroom , 3' > bath, with i pool. M any extras. 
C A L L 4 94-5227 

U N IV E R S IT Y O F T E X A S A T 
SAN A N T O N IO CLO SE BY this lovely 3 bedroom , 3 bath hom e. 
Big patio, stables and other out buildings 824-o121 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW t KLINE 
RE A LTQ R S -5o Y ears of TR U ST 
USE YO U R VA 
F o r purchase of this cleon as a whistle. 3 bedroom , I ' i bath home in nice areo Room tor expansion in the reinforced covered patio 
$24,5oo 
R E A LTO R 
691 13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E L U D W IG A ASSOC 

UTSA-1 MILE 
Loveable fom ily home in u n iv e r­ sity Hills on large lot. 3 bedroom , 
2 b a th , d o u b le g a r a g e . W ood burning fireplace, ranqe, carpet, fenced, dishw asher and covered c a llo 
P ric e d rig h t a t $39,5oo 
Niles John 673-8o48 
C E N T U R Y 21 
K elly Lackland R ealty 
674 121 1 
VA A P P R A IS E D AT 538,75o 
O P E N T E R M S , on 2 story, 1542 sa It. of living a rea , 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, I living a rea with fireplace brick, on oak covered acre Call 
Ruth Folic 342-2556 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 

HO W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
•126 V E N IC E O F F BLA NCO 
3 bedroom s, I bath, $14,975, no down to anyone! see it today Call 
Al M endel H O M E BU Y E RS R E 
CO 734 4255 

HIGHLANDS 

Like new 3 bedroom, 2 both, 2 tar garage, built in kitchen, large single living area, with massive brick fireplace, corpet, central heat ond oir, VA • FHA 
T,nra 
532-5245 
, 333-8618, (lites 

 f t d d t A m ow t KS 

Bf AITOBS-MIS 

146 MARY HELEN 
2-1-2, fruit, pecan trees, nice larg e fenced gorden. $17,ooo 
828-o665 
736-1766 
534-4439 
W A TSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

216 HOUSES SOUTHWEST 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS — Sunday February I 3 I 9 7 7 

AD AM S HILL 
Hew on market-specious 3 bed room, 2 both, sunken living room, cathedral ceilings, separate fami­ ly room Loaded On 7% note 
LACKLAN D TERRACE 
Older beauty, 3 bedrooms, I both, range, carpeting, large shaded lot Assume SViSs note of 
$89 per month OI) NO DOWN VA. 
REALTORS 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
HODSDON & ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

HAITORS-ARS 
Turtle Creek Pie. 

JUST BETTER THAN 

E L A IN E L U D W IG A ASSOC 
| M O B IL E H O M E on la rg e lot. I 
I mile from UTSA. Call tor details. 
824 o171 
REO CARPET 
_________ R E A L T O R S ___________ 
I 
M O U N T A IN T O P R E F U G E i You can see 25 m iles fro m this 
I relaxed living hom e on 4 acres 3 j bedrooms, 2 balhs ond 38x15 c a r­ p e t e d liv in g a r e a 
T h is u ltr a - 
I m odern home tor one who wants something different. 656-1234 
RED CARPET pecan trees, so clean and m ony ] N E A R H O U S TO N A N D IH IO, I 
• extras 
Ruby W right 344 2341, 342-5847 
», 
8 o B JO N ES . R E A L T O R S 

KEY GROUP 
J U S T L IS T E D in P a rk F o re s t 
Not lust a ho m e1 But a B E A U T Y 
The colors ore in excellent taste 
T he rest of this all brick hom e is in ch ara cter 4 bedroom s, 2 deluxe ham s, fa m ily room in fire p la c e . privacy fenced and landscaped to perfection. 

Century 21 ■ ^ nstrons.co 

 i acre with two 3 bedroom houses ond large g a rag e R ep airs need 
■ ed O wner c a rry w ith sm all down 
I Call now 
H U G H E S A BRIS C O E 
924 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333-9358 

NEAR JEFE 
Lovely Colonial brick and fram e. 
3-2-2 fireplaces, e x tra larg e den. 
1o S. 828 1962. 826 3738 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A LTO R 
826 8673 A nytim e 
RED CARPET 
Near Medical Center UTSA 
I V In mf WVIVVS w I 
; An O w S’ 111 r$ cl I tln ru hnm o lira . 

6 5 5 - 3 5 8 4 

342 3U1 
R E A L T O R S 
492 2762 
JUST L IS T E D ! An exceptionally beautifui hom e in o oark-ltke set­ ting w ith o trem en d o u s v ie w 
4 
L a rg e bedroom s. 2 ta rg e baths to n e a club). L a rg e kitchen w ith j 
-♦ •ilt-in ic e m a k e r, cornin g cook­ e d 
$86,75o 
Call 
342 3211 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW & KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Y ears of TR U S T 

JUST LISTED 
3 bedroom . 2 bath, to m ilv room 
W ith fire p la c e , and b u ilt in k it­ chen. On beautiful oak studded lot in Hollywood P ark . Only $48,9oo 
Colt today • 
OVER 1 ACRE 
W ith 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th hom e, large single living a rea w ith fire ­ p lace, c o ve red patio, and beau titul view Al appliances included. u t $46,5oo See now! 
GRAY FOREST 
B eau tiful rock. 2 bedroom , w ith central heat a ir. fireplace, an il I bedroom rent house on a c re 
See today1 
ONLY $29,5oo 
For this lovely large attra ctiv e J bedroom , 2 bath, with appliances, tented lot, ond mony extras 
494 5571 
Niles 349 8)37 
Century 21 

W A K E F IE L D R E A LTO R S 

JUST REDUCED! 
Lovely Oak H ills. 5 bedroom , 3 bom all brick home Nice view ol city fro m c o ve red patio 
L a rg e living and fa m ily room 
$98,5oo 
Niles. 341-1962 
344-1o78 
. . . . 
6 55 3584 
, 
DON JOH NSON . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

L A R G E o a k t r e e s 
Set ow this lovely brick hom e in Castle Mitts 4 bedroom s, 2 baths, huge tom ilv room . 255o sa ft. ol com fortable living tor your tom ilv Walk to sc noon 
P riced at onlv $67,95o 
344 5564 H u rl M cC orm ick 344 2993 

1oo6 LEE HALL 
3 bedroom . 2 both, liv in g room on d s e p a r a te d in in g ro o m , 
$17,5oo Term s open 
684-6444 
Niles 684-o1)5 I 
TERRILL REALTY 
R E A LTO R S __________________M LS 
L E S IS U R E L IV IN G 
Change your lite style, coll to see | these fantastic Townhouses with w a te rfro n t locations I 2*» plus fireplaces 
Tennis courts. Heated p o o l, a tt fe e s , u tilitie s a n d 
* m a in te n a n c e in c lu d e d in 
I paym ent P ric e d at only $44,ooo 
Assume or Conventional 
S W IM M IN G POOL 
Almost sw im m ing w eather sa coll to see this lovely J I hom e neor 
UTSA, USAA ond M edical Center 
A b a rg ain tor the hom e, a nice pool at $37,ooo 
W IN D W O O O E S TA TE S 
.T h is is y o u r c h a n c e to ow n o lovely 3-1-2 or 4 3 2 home en large gc reao e s u e leis w ith plen ty et oak tre e s 
F ir e p la c e * . no c liv loxes 
You m usi see tues lovely properties Colt today 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D M O L IO AV p i r n s 
R E A L T O R S 

LO M A P A R K nice 3 bedroom , I beth, near bus. being redecorate 
M urry 
H U G H E S A BRISCO E 
924 4311 
R E A LTO R S 
67$ o4*4 
L U X U R Y T O W N H O M E 
E x c e l­ lent locution 3 bedroom , I 11 boite c a rp e tin g e nd a p p lia n c e * 
A lt b ric k 
Low oautty end ass u m e 
Im m ediate possession 

An exciting, 2 story hom e, fire pioce in livin g room , c a th e d ra l ceilings Wet b a r in fa m ily room 3 lovely bedroom s, 2'» baths, 2 car garage, $43,ooo Fo r details call 

 bv the wood burning fireplace in inc spacious den of this Spanish style hom e In exclusive C harter 
Ooks 3 bedroom s, m any extras, j im m ediate possession. 
SSI,$oo 
344 8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M LS________ 

1oo% ROCK 
3 bedroom hom e with double g a r­ age sits on corner lot. L arge sin gie living with m assive rock fire p lace, 2 fu ll b a th s , a ll e le c tric kitchen 3o s 
SA ND ISO N R E A L T Y 
699-92o1 

S H A V A N O 
P A R K — 
F ir s t 
O ffering of this 6 m onth old beauty that otters 4 bedroom s, 3 baths, the one la rg e liv in g a r e a w ith beam ed c e ilin g and p re tty fir e ­ p la c e 
T r e a tm e n t is id e a l fo r fam ily living or entertaining Bet te r than N ew w ith y a rd in and drapes up 
$95,ooo 
824-o121 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A LTO R S $o Years of TR U ST 
S H E N A N D O A H 
W alk to school from this neat 3 bedroom with cozy fireplace ond p rivacy fence 
656-1234 
RED CARPET 

R e e s e H e n r y 
Realtor 
N ile s 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R L u x ­ ury b rick, m ony e xtra s , 3-2-den like new, low SO S price range For details and to see— 824-45o7. 

S P A N IS H F L A IR 
P rivacy fenced J bedroom s, very large loving nos fireplace, spear ate dining, b e au tifu lly c arpeted. 
(c lo s e to U S A A a n d M e d ic a l 
653-7791 1 Center Ask for Non! Costigon 
341-9166 A N Y T I M E 

REQUA REALTY CO 

N E A R N o rth sid e schools 
3 b e ­ droom , 2 bath hom e bos terrazzo e n try 1 Living room plus paneled den H arvest Gold kitchen' 
S29,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
696 4811 
Guy (Shipman Co 

N E A R U Y SA 
New to m orket, ossume paym ents 
I m iner $2oo on this tally carpeted. 
3 bedroom , 2 b ath, luoded w ith 
1 extras $27,6oo 
L A U R E L H IL L S 
Large unusual 3 or 4 bedroom s. 7 baths, large living and dining witn 
I view and tire p lo ce . Spanish tile tto o r in d e n , lu x u r y th r u -o u t. s p rin k le r s ystem a nd tre e s 
A must see at $79,$oo 
Century 21 

W hitehead’Hotidav 
>84 37It_______________R E A L T O R S 

NEAR WONDERLAND 
; 3 Bedroom . 2 bath, all brick home. re n tra l air and heat, built in kit chen, c o v e re d p o lio , e x c e lle n t 
■ location, e xtra larg e lot $35,ooo 
R e e s e H e n r y 

Century 21 

HO W A RO T A T E R E A L T O R S 

SPECTACDLAR CITY VIEW 
O W N E R M U S T S A C R IF IC E 
P R IC E D R E D U C E D $1o,ooo 
NE W 
O R L E A N S 
TO W N H O U SE 
D E S IG N 
28oo SO FT C U S TO M B R IC K 
4 3-2, 2 D E C K S P LUS P A T IO 
A LL L U X U R Y F E A T U R E S 
LOOP 41o AT BABCOCK RO 
F L E X IB L E T E R M S 494 2237 

W H E R E D O E S ID A M O R G A N 
S T E E N L IV E ? 
In your guest q u arters! Her own bedroom ond bath plus 3 fa m ily size bedroom s, living-dining, den, a pool for Ida and the kids. Dras ticallv reduced! 
Ask for 
Beth 
Tate 
3 41-9166 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

WHISPERING OAKS 
4 bedrooms, 2 baths, split level on a beautiful oak shaded lot 
F o r ­ m a l liv in g a n d d in in g , fa m ily room, fireplace, and a separated m a s te r b e d ro o m , 
Q u ic k o c ­ cupancy 
$63,9oo 
342-4177, mtes, 
342-2947 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

WOODLAWN HILLS 
TH IS IS A B E A U T Y ' 
4 bedroom s (o r 3 ond o o ffic e ), s e p a r a te d in in g , la r g e liv in g room , den, c e n tra l h e a t-a ir, ex tras 
$42,5oo 
341-72o1. odes 
341 8294 
JOHN FLOURNOY HYC 

W oods of S h a v a n o . 3 2 2. f i r e ­ place, form al living-dining, neor 
Med C lr. School Must sell Avail 
Feb I STH. $53,ooo 497 1974 

Y O U N G 
: At h e a rt or y e a rs 
Y o u 'lt love these C ontem porary popular one 
I living has fireplace, separate din 
I mg, 3 bedroom s, all m asonry, ond ! under $4o,ooo Ask for Panky 
341 916 6 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 

H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 
• Y O U N G C O U P L E S N O N V E T S 
LO O K! You too can buy no down 
I Most oreas. E-Z quality 
I 272 9616TER R A R E A L T Y74 HRS 

214 HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

A D E S IR A B L E A R E A 
3 2 2. ap pltances. 634 Cosgrove. No down paym ent to anyone 
696 742oW AYNE S L A T E R 344-o936 
All brick, corner lot, 3-2-2, living room, dining room , fam ily room , breakfast area 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
333-o64o___________________ 461-3322 

ALMOST IO AGRES 
Easy access to 281 or IH 37. H ave w ater ond e le c tric ity 
For m ore inform ation call S h errie Legnon 
$33 76)1, 333-6378 
BOB JO N ES . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROPP 

BY O W N E R 
3-2, fa m ily room , 
I fu lly c a rp e te d , c o v e re d p a tio , 
I w o rk s h o p , c e n t r a l a ir - h e a t , 
$24,9oo 313 2439_________________ 

D eltcrest new hom e, brick 1-7-2, fireplace, central hcat-air. Term s avail 
L E O N A R D , R E A L T O R S 
I 333 o64o 
641 3322 

$5o 
Moves you into a nice 2 or 3 be droom home. Only 3 homes (eft so don't w ait. 

BOB B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
534-88o8 
333-1468 
333-1764 
-------------N E W ~l TsT IN G ----------------- 
3-1-1, new roof and kitchen floor, c a r p e t th r u o u t, one b e d ro o m could be used at T V room 
A s­ s um e O1*" * V A lo a n w ith $112 paym ents. Coil for details 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
653-8131 Bill P arkins Rlty661-33S2 
NO CASH? NO C R E D IT ? 
NO P R O B L E M ! 
No down paym ent to anyone 
3-4 bedroom s, 2 baths, some with a ir and a p p lia n c e s . P a y m e n ts less than rent 
BOB D eP A O LO 
537 5251________________ R E A L T O R 

5o2 PRESTWICK 
3 bedroom dotihouse on co rn er lot, living room plus den, central heat, 
522.5oo. 
824 o784 ! 
R E A LTO R S 
SIEV! I. FINCH 

1oo% ROCK HOME 
In College H eights, w ith 3 larg e bedrooms, m assive fam ily room , double g a r a g e , fo r m a l liv in g , separate dining, large fenced lot 
With large Pecan trees Call Bar bora tor details today 
532-3252, nites,-533 14o5 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
2o8 Shelburn, 2-1-1 home, $14,8oo 
448 3J3oLG R IP P S R L T Y ,648 o441 
S O M E T H IN G S P E C IA L 

^ 
16 YEAR OLD 
^ teenage home within walking distance to shopping center. 3 bedroom, I both, garage, range, refrigerator, dishwasher, oir, carpeting, fenced 
AU for only 
Sic,OOO It will toke another 16 years to find another buy like this one (all now1 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
6 7 3 - O I S l 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
2» ■ S— HUi fmpeity 

COUNTRY ESTATE 
Beautiful 1oo% brick. S bedroom, 3 both home en nearly 7 acres, with huge fomity room, comer fireplace, two tennis courts, fomily room, with centro! heat and o h , corpet ond mony extras Only 585,ooo 
Call J.C for appointment today, 
53? 3252, nites 337-4*48 

HOME ON 42 ACRES 
1oo% rock, 4 7 2. massive den with beamed ceiling, and fireplace (entral heal and air, ond built hi kitchen, plus hay bom, lock room, and work shop 
All fenced, ond cross fenced In East 
(entral. See today 
494-5571, nifa* 349-4836 

I H 
. ' l . ' i S 
M 
- j l 

WARFIELD REALTORS 

Page I 3-C 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 
23o LOTS 

No Oown, No Closing, large 3 be droom, 2 bath with double garage, central a ir, trees, reduced price. 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 673 MOI 
N O R T H S ID E 
S C H O O L 
D IS 
T R IC T 3 bedroom , 7 bath, double finished garage, breakfast bar in kitchen, com bination fa m ily and dining rooms, covered patio, 123o sa It of living area Open term s, 
$37,8oo 675 2152 

22 ACRES 
N E A R B O E R N E on paved road, all in gross w ith spreading oaks 
Fenced, stock tank and s tre a m , s ta b le a nd w et! 
24 X 6o 3 be droom , 2 bath m obile hom e, turn 
Choice building sight 
E xcellent assumption. 

52 ACRES 
N E A R K E N D A L IA Fenced, well, cabin. 2o acres in cultivation 

2 ACRES 
B U L V E R D E E S T A T E S 
P a v e d road, restrictions, trees, view 

Call 
494 5227 
Evenings 494 3789 

HILL COUNTRY U N O 

ONLY $2oo DOWN 

Panel 69 - 54ooo Nice hill ade view. Ook lien, Aceta to nvti, mutation, pail facilititv tennis ond fishing 

PARCH 186 - 536oo, Own this nice lorgt tract for as little os youi trade hi and 53o ai 535 pet month ot SS simple interest and 17 yeors to pay In Hill Country Not th 

PARCEL 295 • $73oo, Fish out your bock door on beautiful spring ted lake liemendous view Access to Guadalupe 

HBG REAL ESTATE 

733-13o9 

NEAR BOERNE 
M agnificent 43 acre executive es­ tate w ith one of a kind co u n try home, 3 fireplaces. Sunday house, sw im m ing pool, stone fences ond over 1ooo ft of the crystal clear, 
'ro ck lined Balcones C reek. Only 
■ 2o min NW of San Antonio In hill 
I country near Boerne 

ED MERGELE CO. 
R E A L T O R S 
IDS Saunders, Boerne Tx 
249 )526, 
249 284o. 
749 8264 
S A direct line 824 9112 

C a n y o n L a k e . 'c a i r e , n e x t to 
State P a rk , sw im m in g pool, elc tr ic ity , w a te r, w ee k en d re s o rt, see to a p p re c ia te . $2,9oo equity. by owner, 454-1142 

N E A R L Y T L E 
Lovely older hom e, e x c e lle n t condition, 3 bedroom . 2 bath, den, country size kitchen, garage, well 

ERA 
532 31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a lt o r 
6 7 3 -o 1o 8 

NORTH ON SAN PEDRO 
; L o rg e site tor M obile, re ad y lo m ove on to 
$43oo 
N a m e your term s. 
Lokecrofl 
Real 
F a ta le , 
Beautiful custom built home plus , 494-3414 
9 acres. Fenced ond cross fenced. ! MW, betw een M e d in a L a ke and 
Stock tank and creek M any other I Pipe Creek- 2 bedroom home and outstanding features lust m inutes j im provem ents on 6' > acres. Ad 
North of city Details colt 342 4177, I dltional acreage avoil 
$37,9oo nites . 824 1954 
1681 1oo9 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 

C O U N T R Y F E E L I N G 
N O R T H Top ot f or q short tim e only. I ond 2 acre hill 
I acre cleared, view Owner tracts, from $65oo well restricted 

CHOICE HOMESITES 
Q u ie tly s e c lu d e d in W o o d la w n 
H ills 
B uild now or hold fo r in vestm ent Term s ava ila b le $3,8oo to $6ooo 
P aved streets 
AH utile has 
N e ar Schools and shopping 
N e a r B a n d e ra Rd and B enrus 
D r For details call Louis Flores, 
732 2241 ___________________________ 

C o rn e r lo t, K e n tw o o d M a n o r . 
$35oo Must Sell 696 5533_________ 

 f 6 r C E D to sell im m ediately Lot. 
J e ffe r s o n A r e a 6 B lo c k s a ll schools Best Offer 
Jim 224 7237 
JUS+ L IS P E D ! E xc e lle n t invest m en! or developm ent protect near 
T H U N D E R B IR D H IL L S 
36 Va rlous size townhouse lots off Cal iagh an Rd 
All for $93,6oo 
C all 
342 3211 A N Y T IM E 

ROSOW K KUNE 
R E A L T O R S $o Y ears of TRUS1 
3 o k 
H ills s u b d iv is io n . 
Co, 
$15oo best ofter 

N.W. SA. 

L iv e 
G uadalupe 
333 5629 

4127 M f 
L A U R E L i t iii" M f 
L a u re l Sub D iv is io n . 72 fro n t ti w ith paved a lle y , id ea l tor m in tum um grass hom e 
N e a r TU R 
TLF C R E E K C O U N T R Y C lU ll 
Med Center, USAA etc, $14 OOO 
696 44o5 M o n - F li or 34 1 5646 
HAM 1oPM daily Will Finance 

RED CARPET 
A r m s t r o n g C o 

O FF C O M M E R C IA L 3 bedroom . fenced, $14,5oo VA T H A 
924 4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 
O F F 
P IN N R D 
C le a n J be droom s, a ir, appliances. $225 to move in., 5169 mo 
696 742oW AYNE S LA TE R 684 6169 

O F F P L E A S A N T O N R D 
N ice 2 bedroom w ith den, detached g a r­ age. L arge lot. Call now. 973-4327, 
424 1777. 
Ronald W illiam son 

5 ACRES 

1oo*o b ric k 3 b e d ro o m . 2 b a th hom e w ith pool, fir e p la c e a nd everyth in g ' D eluxe living on Pa acres of beautful landscaped and fenced property 656-1234 

RED CARPET 
_ 

THE BEST DEAL is on this beautiful 3 bedroom , 7 bath home. You can't buy one like it for less and w e'll prove it 

BOB B IL L A R E A L E S T A T E 
$34 88o8 
333 1468 
333-1764 

ZIG HOUSES SOUTHWEST 

A A A 
B A R G A IN 
B U Y 
3 be droom s, stove, tenced, no down, 
A pril 1st paym ent, $18$ mo 

O F F ZA R Z A M O R A. L ik e n e w ' 
3-2-1, 
$5oo dn-closing. 
Under 
$15,ooo 
828 4545 
Prlokos R lty 
654 o97' 

ONLY 817.5oo 
Buys this b e a u tifu l 3- bed ro o m , with I 11 baths, larg e fa m ily room , and central heat and a ir, on large corner lot. Call E m e ry 
532 3252, nites 533 16o5___________ 
P A L O A L T O - Lovely 3 1 1, 545o total dn-closing, under $12,5oo 
828-4545 
P rlakos R lty 
654 o975 
Pool ta b le size den, c u te 3 be d ro o m h o m e , r a n g e , r e f r i g , c a th e d ra l c eilin g s, no dow n, no 
Closing VA 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 473 MOI 
P R I 6 E 6 B E L O W V A L U E , A darling hom e in M eadow V illage, priced to sell quick 3 bedroom , 7 ba th w ith d o u b le g a ro g e , den, p riv a c y te n c ed . c o v e re d p a tio , 
$115o down 
W A RE 
R E A L T Y 
734 o193 

Neor Somerset. Country living al its best 
H ave garden ond some c h ic k e n s a n d b e a u tifu l tre e s 
Cecil O rrick 
Don Smith B roker 
735 8ooo 
3 5 
A c re s n e a r 
S e g u in w ith 
3-bedroom , 2 both b rick hom e 
Fireplace, born and well 654 2678 
5 acres, 281 N, $58oo, sm all down, long term financing by ow ner, 
534 8876 
4o A C R ES O U T U n P E D R O . 9 m iles post 16o4 On F M 1163 Ideal f» sub divide 
:<• 4 4245, 828 66o3 
P '-H E R TS R O H M E R R E A L T Y 

 aT u ES. w ith access to c re e k . 

 anxious assume 
A P P R 2 A C R E S , fla t b e a u tifu l land, Prancing Deer D r Reduced 
$12,ooo 
IO 
A C R E S , h ig h k n o ll n e a r 
Bergheim . owner 
Corry 
$15oo down 
S CENIC LO O P, creeks, hills, ap prox 2 acres M ake otter $15,6oo 
G R E Y F O R E S T , o 745 acres at tractive location, priced to sell 
$4ooo 
Van Buren & Assoc 
684 7171 
699 oo66 
433 1747 

W ater and utilities, only m inutes tom UTSA, L A K E C R O F T R E A L 
E S T A T E . 347 1661___________ 

NIN. SA 
For a short tim e only, I ond 2 acre tracts, from $65oo well restricted 
W ater and utilities, only m inutes tom UTSA, L A K E C R O F T R f AL 
E S T A T E . 347 1661 

NEAR DTSA 

 n o th in g dow n, $7o 3o m o 
Ashley Realty 226 7774 
J im 

CODNTRY LIVING 
BIG P R IC E R E D U C T IO N 
18 7 ACR ES, alm ost new 3 2 den w ith fir e p la c e , la r g e 
2ox27 gam eroom w ith bar 
Swim Pool 
Quiet and peaceful 
H ILL 
C O U N T R Y 
R E A L T O R S 
494 5281 
C O U N T R V L IV IN G , 2o acres lr rigated land with nice rock home, la r g e s w im m in g p ool, 6 m ile s i fr o m c ity lim it s , to r s a le by : owner 734 41o3 
' d F vT T S F F k s ." IM v f s t o r s ■' 
39o.5 Acres, on US 281 N In Com al i 
Co 674 $777, 344-3613 

9o* I so ft level lot w ith all utilities 
M in u tes a w a y fro m U T S A and 
USAA 
Fo r details and view inu call 342 4115 A N Y T IM E 

WORLDWIDE REALTY 
2 ie s s e n tia l lots, off San Pedro, 
$38oo each ow ner c arry 
7 14 S4J4 I I' K OSUB 347 o343 
Two lots on lilt 
St on Polo Alto 
'» of an acre, coveted with tiees, I private access to liv e r, with good ' 225 7917 fishing and canoeing Ideal build 
— 
— — 
T o n I h u m s and ranches 
494 5217. eves 878 1o97 or 876 6788 | o u t SAN PEDRO ll m iles h u m 
16o4 
2,4,7, l l or 27 Acre tracts o ff IH IO sm all dn Owner cai iv 
Ow ner financed 
878 o665 
736 1766 
648 o87 1 
696 742oW AYNE S t A TE R 344 o936, 
W ATSO N A SON R E A l TORS 
Over I acre In Oak H ill Ranches 
M e te re d w a te r s y s te m 
$35oo 
924 8116, 337 4927 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

 t3B AC ROMMES 

S M A L L 
D O W N 
P A Y M E N T , 
Lovely 3 bedroom , 2 both home with attached gat age Redecoral ed in exciting colors, $5oo down 
W A RE R E A L T Y _________ 734 o193 
S m all e q u ity fo r house, needs m inor rep air, 333-2117 
696 742oW AYNE SL AT E R 6B4 6165 4™y*~T n it' I r n n m t l h .............. 

 a T T T - b u y ' d o z y 3 b e d ro o m s , central a ir, no down, $2o closing, ! aVs v 
A p r ills t paym ent j e v z /T R O Y 
696 742oW AYNE S L A T E R684 6165 
A M E R IC A N A 

House tor $14,5oo 923-6372________ 

 ro o f a r e a a p p ro x im atelv 17oo sq ti a tta ch ed cor- 

M O V E IN T O D A Y * N ic e with den $1ooo eauity, paym ents 
$17o mo 
67$-1691, 
623-672o. 
674 1777. 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
A M E R IC A N A , N e ar L a ck lan d 4 b e d ro o m s, ju s t lik e n e w ! O nly 
$25o down 
No C redit? No prob tem ! 922-17o6, 674 75o9, 473 4714 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
A R E A L B E A U V Y 

 port included $1o,7oo 924 53o4 
I V A L L E Y H I, N ice 4 bedroom . J b a th h o m e , la r g e m a s te r be 
1 d ro o m . has a ir , c a rp e tin g and appliances 
$21,ooo No dow n on 
I VA loon 474-6411 

RED CARPET 
W A LK TO L A C K L A N 6 
K E L L Y 
I E Z to b u y . 3 -l-c p , $16$ m o . 
476-1691, 674-1777, 623 $72o 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 

ALL BRICK 
3 bedroom s, only S acres of coos tai, Irrigation well and equipm ent 
T r a c t o r a n d s h r e d d e r , good fence AH tor $3$,OOO 
344 6268 
923 5844 

CONNALLY 
REAL ESTATE INC. 
A lm ost tw o a cre s w ith p o p u la r n o r th s id e r e s t a u r a n t , th r e e d w e llin g s and a g a ra g e a p a rt- m en! fro n tin g 2oo' on H u e b n e r 
Road Coll E ve Arnold, 735-6585 or 
227-81o5 
E.D. GOZA 
RE A L T O R *227-81 OS 

3 AND 4 BEDROOM 
HOMES ON ACREAGE 
S e v e ra l new hom es on P » to 2 acre tracts now being constructed in 
T R A I L W O O D 
A d d itio n a l acre ag e or tots to build on also ava ila b le 
15 m iles N orthw est of 
W onderland out IH IO 
DON SMITH CO. 
498 2261 
B R O K E R 
498 244o 

A WHOLE MODNTaTn a s p ec ta cu la r v ie w , o b s tru c te d only by lorge oaks G ard e n soil. I available. 497-3753, 824 o85o fenced, good w etl, o v er 7 a cre s 
Owner w ill finance R obert Sm ith, 
498 2o93 or 494 4777 

PIPE CREEK 
2 G O O D O N E S HE RC I 
3 Acres for $2,1oo 
5 aces for $45oo 
$1oo down, Term s. L akecro ft Real 
Estate. 342 1661 

D E V IN E , TX 
E x tra special 
■ 
1o8x2o5 lot. 3 bedroom , 2 bath, den, fully carpeted, central heat-air 

ERA 
JACK MITCHELL 
532-31o7 Realtor 
648 33o7 

1o6o FT R IV E R F R O N T 
: 
Rock and gain! boulders strange | ond exotic shapes pleasant green vatlev hills rustic cottages swim ling pool horses 13 2 acres P LU S your im a g in a tio n 
H a v e a quiet r e t r e a t , s u m m e r c a m p , d u d e ra n c h , w a r m h o m e to r u n d e r pnvtledqe kids. Ideal to see 
H E A R T H E A L E S T A T E 
734 STB)___________________ 735 459o 

Guadalupe River Frontage 
I acre w ith b eautiful O ak trees; on jy o u r o w n w a te r Ir o n ! T e r m s available, 497 3753, 874 o85o 

GUADALUPE RIVER 
A pproxim ately I a cre G uadalupe 
River access, out San Pedro For , 
I sale by ow ner, w ill finance, j - * 
I 349 o941 

PIPE CREEK 
7 GO OD O N E S H E R K I 
I Acres tor $23oo 
5 aces tor $45oo 
$1oo down, Term s. Lokecrofl Real 
Estate 342 1661___________________ 
I*.'firem en* P roperty at Utopia 
Rolling valley and w ild gam e 
736 1746 
878 o665 
498 2o)o I 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
R IV ER FR O N T S ACRES 
I 
Beautiful crystal (tem w a in $865 1 down p a ym e n t, $134 5? per m o | 
Owner financed Coll 734 9598 

RE Near Laveraia 
This 7 peres of good soil is only i m in from C alovares. rind ii per te d hom esite $2,37o. $1oo down, 
I 17 years to pay Call and ask for 
I John 
977 7441 
H H C 
R E A L 
I E S TA TE __________________________ 

SE Near lavernia 
, This 7 acres of good soil is only 
I m in from C alovares. and a per i fe d hom esite $7,37o, $1oo down. 
12 yeors to pay Coll and ask tor 
John 
977 7441 
H B G 
R E A L 

1QoAC LAVERNIA 
Nice house. 6 out buddings ti int orchard. Well, stock tank, black to sandy loam , Has everything J O I 
V A JOOS, R ealtor (517) 78o 2775 
K arnes City.______________________ 
7o UC ie fa rm near New Braunfels 
Owner financed 
684 421 1 ot 751 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
____ 
47 acre live oak hills jo in s liuge lanch, deei tu rk e y $395 per acre 
I ibend term s I 896 244o 

Guadalupe River Frontage 
I acre w d tfb eau titu l Oak fr e e r on y o u r o w n w a t e r fr o n t T e r m s 

L a rg e 4 be 

 g a ra g e . Jin* th?s 
^ 
1 
W 
^ V V o u ’ c A N 
J A N D E R A R ^ lo c a te d in 
M e a d o w V illa g e . 
B U Y a beautiful 3 or 4 bedroom 
“ " 7 , s e p a ra te fa m ily ro o m , in c lu d e ■ 
" l ^ ° ” o t !'e ,,.Soro5 * ' tom.* i 'lc v * u>,>men, A" «**•»*•*•*. re ad y ra n g e , r e fr ig e r a to r , ond p a tio 
"**" 
“ “ 
* 
“ “ fu rn itu re , has 13 X 3o' c o ve red 
No down 

 patio 
Open 
47$ 21S2. fe rm i, 
$37,5oo 

RED CARPET 

! , ™ 
* 
DONT BRING MONEY 

Realtor 
Niles 
_______________________ 
655 2754 
N E W L IS T IN G 
Forge 3 bedroom . 2 both home in 
Grass Valley 
F o rm a l living and dining P L U S huge fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e N S. School dis­ trict. $14, $oo 
*99 1131 
R E A L T O R S 
341 $423 
RED CARPET 

NEW LISTING 
In popular Forest O aks Conven­ ient to M e d ic a l C e n te r ond Sw 
Research C h arm in g I bedroom , b ric k h o m e w ith th e p o p u la r 
O P E N type living room den with fire p la c e 
This is a m ust sea", it s so Orally Low 4o S. 344 1348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
R E A L T O R S M LS 
NE W ON M A R K E T 
You couldn I bay these OAKS except with this ho m e 
S p a c io u s 
A N T IQ U E 
BRICK C O LO N IA L 4 bedroom s 2 b a m s. F A N T A S T IC liv in g den or aa. Churchill D istrict. 
RED CARPET 
342 J IH 
R E A L T O R S 
344 8727 
NO D O W N P A Y M E N T TO AN 
VO N E 
No qualifying on this im m aculate 3 bedroom , J bath dad house, near Mud Center M ove in this weekend* 681 6o4o 
RED CARPET 

4 ) 1 . 3718 O AK T R A IL , N o rth fro n t, c o r n e l, b e a u tifu l o a k s . fenced yard, cross w alks, covered p atio, wood b u rn in g fire p la c e i Lets of cab in o fs. a nd b u ilt ins 
C arp eted , fu ll e le c tric k itch e n central heat and a ir. p rice d for quick sale 
Also sh arp 3-1-3, att masonry pa top of Hie hill M cNeal 
Rd Also. 5 bedrom s 2 baths, neat 
I the 2 above homes Only $39,$oo 
7)2 7987ST E VE M A R T IN I)!. o82$ 
OFF B A N D E R A R D No Down j to Anyone! IOO*, rock 1-12. a ir, 
(im plore betw een single living urea and dining a rea , c arp e l ond i m u , only |2o$ m onthly, call 
344-56o4 H or! M cC orm ick 244 2992 

O FF IN G R A M RD 
) 2 I. c en lial a ir, appliances 
Ne dew n to on 

Is only 1 j block fro m this 3 be droom, I bath hom e P riced to sell a l only $14,6oo 
Fo r de ta ils and viewing, call 342 411$ A N Y T IM E 
WORLD VyiOF REALTY 

S T U N N IN G p in k b r ic k !! 3 B e ­ droom. 2 bath plus bonus room in p o p u la r W O O D S of S H A V A N O 
P retty landscaped yard including greenhouse 
L a rg e fa m ily room w ith c o r n e r fir e p la c e 
I m ­ m aculate! 
$53,9oo 
342 3711 
A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A LTO R S 5o Yeors of TR U ST 
T B IR D H IL L S For the down to earth fa m ily 
3 bedroom , 2 both heme witn 7 living areas, a p la y r­ oom, and a g a rd e n spot rn the backyard 494 $221 (A N Y T IM E ) 
I P CARPET 

• THE FINEST • in this w h ite stone on a c re . 
3 3 2 
S tone a n d p a n e le d d en 
(F P ), living no dining room s De signer kitchen G arden grounds 
Shavano P ark $92,5o6 826-2347 
Thelma B. Preissman 

THE S U M M IT ! Love 
At purse sight Lovely 2 story, 4 bedroom , large living i oom, spoc teas fom ily room, all electric built-in kitchen 
On a q u ie t cul de sac 
$43,9oo. 
494 7461 A N Y T IM E 
ROSOW 6 KLINE 
R E A L T O R S SO Yeors pl TR U ST 
T O W E R IN G T R E E S IN T B IR O 
H IL L S 
O v e r ' t a c re lot. J b e ­ d ro o m 
7 b a th , d o u b le g a r a g e hom e w ith lots et room , fo r m oi d in in g o r d e n , liv in g , la r g e m odern k itch e n , e le g a n t shady patio Low, Lew 36 s 661 646o 
RED CARPET 

T H U M M 
3 BEDROOMS I STORY 
$14,6o6 is a lt you need tor this lovely sepal ate living a rea town house. NW area. M edical Center S minutes 
LANDMARK, REALTORS 
66o-9SQ2_____________ 

TR I L E V E L MI C A S TLE H IL L S 
Custom built 1 1 2 w ith large gam eroom . adoptable floor pion tor 4lh bedroom AM rock hem e on ' t pere near Lee, Nim tfz ond 
Jackson Value priced SO s 
344 56o4 H o n M cC orm ick 344 2993 
Twin Creek, by ow ner, 4 2 2, fire ­ place. brick. 546 o6o. assum e SHO pmts equity $4./OC 664 i d s 
TW IN C R E E K , select either e J or 
4 bedroom , both a re lowest caul ties in the area, and both e re in e x c e p tio n a l c o n d itio n 
C a ll 
341 44*4 for details, R E A L T O R S 

B una your paint brush, no down paym ent to anyone 3-4 bedroom s. 
2 baths, som e w ith a ir an d a ll appliances 
Paym ents less than rent 
BOB O ePAO LO 
344 3o91________________ R E A L T O R I 

E A S T C E N T R A L 
L a r g e 7 be j droom , I bath, double detached garage, firep lace, large lot. Cal! now 

SODTH EAST REALTY 
333 4*44 
Niles 333 4143 

E A S T C E N T R A L SCHOOLS 
W e fo u n d a w in n e r 
A c t q u ic kly on this d o ndv. I be droom , I baths, 7 car garage, privacy fence, assum e or refinance 

4 75% ASSUADE 4 75% 
3 Bedroom , Both, R ange, C a rp el, 
Fe n ce , C a rp o rt 
Buy E q u ity or 
Refinance. Call 
T E X -V E T R E A L T Y 435-484o 
B E A U T IF U L 3 bedroom s, in V al lev Hi. Redecorated, re ally nice! 
Only $26o Total m ove in cost No c re d it? No p r o b le m ! 922 17o4, 
473-4714, 474 76o9 
P A T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
By ow ner, 3 2 2. Adorns H ill, open term s, low 3o * 673 79o8 
By fawner l i t plus (Ten and Kit c h e n e tte , n e a r L a c k la n d A F B 
$3,6oo equity $271 per m onth. Call onydoy Ofter iii rn. 676 2o91_______ 

CASH, Sm all i bedroom hom e in exceHent condition, larg e lot, call now. Km gsborough a rea 
H U G H E S A B R ISCO E 
974 4331 
R E A L T O R S 
623 39791 
7214 
C L O V E R F I E L O 
I be drooms. 2 baths, den $22,6oo Call now 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o75$ til 8 pm 

C O L L IN S G A R D E N S . $ t i .M 6 
L iving room , dining room , 3 be j droom s. la rg e den. w a ll to -w a ll c a rp e tin g , k itc h e n w ith ra n g e , refrig era to r. V A or Conventional 
344 424$, 828 46o3 
R O B E R TS R O H M E R R E A L T Y 
3 T T T ra n g e , frig , c a rp e t and tenced yard E auity and assum e 
Century 21 
H R R A N SO M R E A L T Y 673 77o1 

 with aopliances anyone 
H U G H E S A B R IS C O E 
924-4331 
R E A L T O R S 
333 9358 
175x125 ft lot, sm aK re p a ira b le home, $75oo N e ar S. Z a rzam o ra 
924 St 14. 337 4877 
H Y A T T R E A L E S T A T E 

2 H HOIISIS MIHM 

G o v ^ T T T a T o in o o T T u T ta b l^ T a r d u p le x , lo r g e h o m e o r o ffic e s 
$873o. 24x39 Good roof, new paint lob. $3o3o Includes m o v in q and foundation 333-o745 

2ZE SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

 on H w y 2Bt. T e rm s tro d e can sidered Joe Cullm an 
BOB JO N ES , R E A L T O R 
344-1341 

BEADTIFBL VIEW 
Oak tree studded a cre , IO m iles n o rth of to w n . H a s w a te r ond e le ctricity on w ide paved roads 
O w n er m u s f sell Q u ic k ly , little d o w n w ill fin a n c e b a la n c e 
497 3751, eves, 811 9355___________ 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
Oak tree studded acre, to m iles n o rth of tow n 
H a s w a te r a n d ele c tricity on wide paved roads 
O w n e r m ust sell q u ic k ly , little d o w n w ill fin a n c e b a la n c e 
497 3751, eves. 817 9155___________ 

4 Bedroom in Trailwood 
263o2 Fox B ria r (L o t 166) 
New home on 2 ocres of a beau titullv wooded tra ct, larg e 28x37 fa m ily room , beam ed c ath ed ra ) c eiling, wood bu rn in g fire p la c e 
I 1 1 baths, dining off lorge kitchen, china cabinet, woik in p a n try , tut 
^ j . 
. 
.Iv carpeted, 5 skylights, 7 system 
828 o665 
736-1746 
534-4439 a ir heat Open daily for inspection 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S in TR AIL WOOO, 15 m i Northw est ot W onderland out IH IO 

HEADWATERS OF 
LITTLE BLANCO RIVER 
R a n c h e r c u ttin g up his ra n c h 
E lim inate the m iddle m an's profit 
(n o rm a lly m a d e bv d e v e lo p e r) the savings w ill be passed on to 
_ 
I you $5 to ? (H o w m uch do you hilltop only 24 m iles north of 16o4 I w ant) Acres from $8oo per acre 

 to I fo r b u ild in g , r iv e r fro n ta g e ac lc e s s . P o o l a n d te n n is 
O w n e r 
G e rry P a rk e r 734 19o9 4o4 o1o4 

IO b e au tifu l a c re s , oak c o ve red 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, Texas 
I 663-4558 
S i. Direct Line 626 HOO 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, Texas 
I 663-4558 

S A Piped Line 626 12oo 

68 AC LACOSTE 
Furn. 1-1' »-l, guest house barn, stall, pens, ow ner c a rry 

2 AC LAVERNIA 
All utilities. 4 tracts. 
828 o665 
736 1766 i ac ea 
,14 4117 
»»» » » ) DON SMITH CO 
B R O K E R 
698 244o 

ERA 
532 31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
648 33o7 

FM1516 CHINA GROVE 
*? Ac 3-2-4, den, fireplace trees, cyclone fence, polo 
82o o465 
736 1766 
$34 44)9 
W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 
147 G alw av, H ighland Hills Equi tv ond assum e, 1153 mas 3-1-CP 
Goodwin. 
674-371$; 
Lennar d 
R e alty,734 4756 

H IG H L A N D H IL L S 
E a s t 
C e n tr o ! 
S c h o o ls 
J u s t redecorated and lust a re a l 3 bedroom s, large tenced v o id . 

W ATSO N A SON R E A L T O R S 

2o% AMISON 
On Hw y 97 N 3 bedroom home tireploce, wen, born, coastal 
828 o96$ 
736-1766 
646 o673 
W A TSO N A SON R E A L TORS 
- r a n A t t ^ 6 m E s . u 4 — 
N W ot S an A n to n io in B e x a r , 
Com al, K endall Co s 
I l l acres ra n g e, r e frig e ra to r, c o rp e t and o f 
4 fe n c ed y a rd 
Buy u n d e r VA a t' 
$17,3oo Fo r viewing, coll 473 $o63 
A N Y T IM E 

DONT WAIT 
See this spacious 3 bedioom home in V o lle y -H i 
O n e b lo c k fro m e le m s c h o o l 
E q u ip p e d w ith 

WORLD WIDE REALTY 
3 I ’ i-i, ti,lo o Eauity and assum e loon 67< 3696 otter SPM__________ 

GREAT POTENTIAL 
3 11 in excellent condition idoal tor retired couple or newlyw eds 
Priced in the low SIO $ 
Coli for appt 
G E N E W ILS O N 
466 3441 
R E A L T O R 
M LS 

3~ bT B r o 6 m r 5 c K H O M E 
$ a cre s. F ire p la c e 
Located near 
B o e rn e 
B O E R N E 
R A N C H 
R E A L T Y 224 7*71 

BOERNE AREA 
THIS 3 B E D R O O M . I ! , bath home is located in a quiet neighborhood with lets of priva c y Just 2 yrs old ond ready to m ove into $29 OOO 

L IK E N E W C O N D IT IO N w ith load s et e x tra s 
I 2 b ric k on 2 large lots 
Com pletely fenced 
$36,6oo 

A D O L L H O U S E , b ric k 3 2 w ith firep lace, separate dinm o room 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
673 o1o8 

H IG H L A N D H it L i 
C o rn e r H o w erto n at P ecan V at ley. 3 bedroom . I bath, carport, tenced y ard 
R educed to tU .6 o o tor quick sell 
H O LC O M B R E A L T Y . $32 >9(12 
H o u s e lo r s o le ? 
2 iou 
B lk 
G uadalupe St $63oo 435-128$ 

(IS YOUR WIK BINGY) 
Iv o r o u s t of your present livin g g u a rte rs* Don't lust set there buy her this 3 b e d ro o m , I 'z b a th s , a tta c h e d g a r a g e w ith a h u g e 
B a c k y a rd in the H ig h la n d H ills a re a 
E q u ity $3471, Coil S herrie 
Legnon S I) M o ), 33) 4)28 
BOB JO N ES. R E A L T O R S 

 h a r 1 1 n 6 a i e A R F A u r n , older style 4 bedroom w ith sopor a te 3 ro o m h o u s e o t b o c k of p roperly 
349 84$) 
VA Or FH A 
913 4327, 

>»» 742oWA YNE 
S I A U R IM o91* 

O L M O S 
D R IV E 
L u s h greenry surrounds this super, im m aculate I bedioom , den. s e p a ra te d in in g room , o a r ­ age. workshop VA F H A 

.T n w e r View l n c J J t f B l § 7 1 
* pn‘ '*,poyw ' 
Ie M A K E A N O F F E R • On this 
<*29o9 eq u ity ond ossum e loan 
L a i ae all Orick I bedroom home a it h c o rn e r fir e p la c e 
T W IN 
C r e e k 
A R E A s o m e t h in * 
Ip e r n t see if today I 
CASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
*9o 8*98 E ve * eve MUS 347 77 12 
KEY GROUP 

MIO CINTER U IS! 
Like new prick T i l den 
(O IP et, greenhMTM- flees open 
ITB M o t 
TIO wee 
475 66iv 
W ATSON A SON REAL TORS 

 m e d i c a l (Te n t e r v a a r e a 
Custom d esolated 4 Bedroom . I 
S 

 ilo living, dining fa m ily with 
•PMC# UN and HOBB* loom s uny Built ins MV UM 444 3681 gyp* Pi 

ERA 
533-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R tra ito r 
648 33o7 

ON LA R O E LO T. this I bedroom , 
I' bain nome has paneled m u m * room w ith b u ilt in b a i. b u rg la r 
O afs. telepho ne lo ck s d im m e r switches fenced, end lots of stor­ age 414 134) 
RIO CARPET 

■ 
BED CARPET__ 

UNIVERSITY OMS 
BY OWNER l l 1 P l, B rick I story, tire p lo ce , cut de soc, n e a r U T S A , U S A A , quiet wooded area. *43 VOO Atter 
3 Kip M eve o)o9 

UNIVERSITY HILLS 
OFEN HOOSE 
. 1534/ G ray Fox l l Sun Spotless 
) Bedioom, 3 ham with I i i epiucv den en super s u ed lot 
See this une. value packed al t i t SUO 
C E N T U R Y 21 

■ n r a m 
L u x u ry s m a ll ta u tly , a t sumo SHB Poy rn Only S16.Mo 
818 464$ 
Pi tokos Rlty 
464 o975 
L g g w w & f g i ' 
P R O P E R T Y ? This p ro p e rty is p rice d to h i your pocketbook ot 
$14,oo8 V ary clean, freshly pa in I ed inside 
A g ro a t buy it you re lo o k in g ta r r e n ta l p r o p e r y ar home tor the starting fam ily Call tor mfor m otion. 614 N IM 

RED CARPET 
R e a l t o r s i 6 6 k m e ' ~ T g l ~ 'I 
U t t d l 
MOUSE tor a sm all price? This J I w ith living, dining and targe kit chen is priced I# sell pl $18,o44 or best oner 
Freshly painted inside and new c arp e t with stave ond fe tn g e rg td r to rem ain 
Call 
614 o1M 

RED CARPET 

I M s in Jupe a rea with frontage et t | / ft on access fie W atei and e le c tr ic ity 
$4o44 C e lt S h a m e 
Leaned i n M e l. i i ) 4)21 
BOB JONES BE A L fO R S 

Ronald Williamson 

IT’S A GOODIE 
C lean J bedroom in estab lish ed a rea neor school Inc le d ** range re frig e ra to r, c a rp a l ond lencod y a r d 
E a r ly o c c u p a n c y 
Low p o v m o n t* a n d e q u ity 
F r ic o 
$19,$1$. For details and view ing 
COM 673 $48) A N Y T IM E 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
• o r k l M d ^ i t t y a rea c l i cen trot a ir, heat. lanced corner, c a r­ pel. dishw asher. V A, 7 **loon, low oqq«tV, $189 m o $74 tie s 

 r n 
L A C K L A N D T E R R A C E 
3 bedroom , I both corner 
Term s or assum e 

ERNEST EVERS 
REAL ESTATE 
6E8-H66 
I o f f e liv in g d in in g , n e a r 

UDN SMUK CO 
698 244o 
B R O K E R 
*98 2261 
Acreage traces, sm all down, sm all m onthly, beautiful oaks, no rock oi cedar Call M agee 342 2$16 
_ 
_ 
_____________ r e i n r &'fi't r i i m 
: H e lo te s ? 
« on ,o r* - io rn »r »»• 
Creek Honed Low Low down 
484 4211 or 711 9943 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
17 Y<"rT s' ~ T U U ac f t oft 7VI tv 
P re tty oaks, e x c e lle n t hu n tin g 
Jim Ashley Rep! Estate 684 17/6 

3 ACRES 
Between New Braunfels ond Can yon L a k e 
$49$ p e r o c re 
B ill 
Hughes, B roker 343 ) 8o$_________ 
5 Acres, Canyon Lake a rea , nota mg down, $49 49 mo Jim Ashley 
Weatty 236 7 7 74 
________ 

I 
$ -W f i A cre s. C o m a l 'Co. 
Outside city lim its of New B raun lets w ith riv e r p a rk p riv ile g e s , a o rg eo u * la rg e oaks, c a re fu lly cared for house and y ard 
Bank house, 3 stall barn, chicken house a n d h a y b a r n , r id in g a r e a , 
N B IS O 
H o n e s tly p r ic e d ot 
$4o,o44 
E A S Y H A L L R E A L T Y , 
New Braunfels, Tx D ays 63* 1193, n it** M IO S IS n n Ti " , 

St*,5o4 

AMASON REALTY 
T-S O M S fl 

B O E R N E , I m ile of tow n. H uq* trees, will build to suit It dasned 
$12 $9o 3663 or $9o 264t 

 b u l VE h o p r 6 a d 

HBG. IN C , B R O K F R o22 1236 

HELOTES 
3 A c res plus 
N e w w e ll, fe n c e, e le c tr ic ity , good ro o d s , s e p tu tank p erm it. Big Oak Trees For 
Sale and F in a n ce d by O w n er. I am not a Real Estate Agent if you don't h a ve m oney d o n 't both er m e 695 89o5, *95 32o5 
H I & H W A Y TTf ON f A'iS E-------- 
(O n H w y 
8 / n e o r L a V e r n ia , $ ocres. all utilities. 
$9,26o 
Call 
E m ery 
$32 3262 
Niles $3) 1*o6 
Century 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

 h i l t -------------(, g 'b l i t W 
I 6 T * N r 
A R E A 
Bod w eather has ta k en if s toll m ust sell 2 houses or la c e the banker 
P ric e d fro m $49,6oo up 
These homes a b to u latelv con') be duplicated for these prices. Lux ury type w ith wood shake root, rock ond redwood e x te rio r, tire p laces ond w e! b a rs 
C o n s id er boats, aulos, fravo l tro llers or old m u le fo r d o w n p a y m e n t 
No realistic offer w ill be refused, lets to ll!’ C o in o ile d 749 33o2, 24V 27*4 

Huebner Rood 
3 6VI Acres, d e an , big trees 4o4 
F ro n to n Huebner Road 7oo' East at O akland Road Beautiful tra ct 
Coll 
E ve 
Arnold, 
73$ 66o$ or 
2)7 o1o5 

E.D. GOZA 

R E A L I QR«227-B1o5 

HUNTING RANCH 
BY OWNER 
JO a c re s n e a r L e a k e y . T e x a s . 
Heavily wooded Liveook and Pin on Pine Plenty of Deei ond T u r­ key $3o4 down Owner financed • 
(easy te rm s 
Phone 513 357 $349 offer 4 pm 

IH IO Close'HO S 
J 4 8) A vSTrlT* awner- P O 
B o* 767, Fulton, Tx 
78)68 or cat! ( S II) 72* 1146 ju T T g D T T P g E l i f l 
Wooded IS Acre tr a d , convenient to IH to w ith a ll u tit . c o a s ta l fields, stables and paved drive 

 l i t SO I A N b 6 AC TR A C T 
IO ", down, ow ner c a rry 
Beautiful trees, level 
327 o337 
Watson A Son 
438 1742 
S O U T H 
2 'i a c r e s , u t ilit ie s 
$5.ooo up T erm s, *74 1544 
Toke up paym ents on *» acre NW tor hom e b u ild in g 
W a te r, c ity 
Utilities M r T e lle r, 479 7779 
■ to 3 Wooded Ac good soil, N ut 
S A Just outside B exar Co 
733 66o7 H 
Castle R ealty 4V2 9434 
TWO A C R ES OF R IV E R 
N o r th on G u a d a lu p e 
S c e n ic | woads and topsoil 
High above a 
; c le a r clean g ra v e l bottom riv e r 
$ 1 7 ,9 o o 
O w n e r w ilt fin a n c e ( 
R o b e r t S m ith , *9 1 7o41, if n o ! answ er, 494 4777 
WH i i P e R IN & —H it I ? 
M ust u lt 
14 ocre lot, P aved rood, Fantas . tic Views $52oo, 434 1128 
) 

228 RESORT PROPERTIES 

32oo acre Ranch 
; In an estate an paved toad goad hunting, 1 im m erats. ond term s 

S T E W A R T R E A L T Y 
349 6938 or 278 76o4 
I 
2.ooo ACR E R A N C H SOUtM~ 
Mony lunks im provem ent 
R iv erfro n t landing strip 
Much gam e, owner c a rry 
77/ o77/ 
Watson A Son 
678 17<w 
IOO 336 A C 6 E S B A N b t RA. m id die ot deer c o u n try , cubin a n a water and lots ut to e s , neautiu 
(hie 
S IM M O N S K U I 
TS I A 11 
( Poteet. I 747 1 168 
I 141 MASS S A 
1 141-4881 

 bOOO ACRES 
C o m b in a tio n fa r m a n d ra n c h 
I DVS. 2ooo a c re s in c u ltiv a tio n ready to plant 
Am ple irria u tio n 
( w ater, well w atered, w ell tenced, new pens tenant house, th * vet y 
I best hunting rn South T e x a s 1 A 
! real opportunity al a reasonable 
I price 
H E A R N PRO W SE P roperties 
617 866 4o84 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS 

 take tankful and boat romps near by Fonoromtr views, many 
(arg* oak trees 514oo per acre and up Sell 3o% below market value Up ie IS yeors to pay at 
1% 
F o r a p p o in t m e n t C a ll 
497-3571 
1 - 899-2181 

2o ACRES 
East B exar County, sandy louie, sudan grass, road frontage, w ater line, low taxes 3o“» down, 8' »*„ TO yeors 
Land Locators ol Texas 
S A 467 1164, 647 1333______ 

3oo ACRES 
I F r o n ts h ig h w a y a n d M e d in u 
I L a k e , not ro u g h , w ith tre es a ll j over Owner financed 
1 
E D W A R D S R A N C H RT A t TY 
I *9 6 848o_________________ I 536 4S»A 

4oo a c r e s g r e a t H u n tin g 
$179 $o p e r a c r e 
I S d o w n p a y m e n t w ith JO y e a r fe r m i at 
I 7 ? » \ sim ple in te res t O w ner fin 
I onced Call 734 7 *M 
F ira c riT s T n T g h w a y lr o n tn g r 
I house, w ell, coastal pens, forth, 
(near 
Nixon 
M C 
Ritrhn- 
I >87 MSO___________________________ 

5 A C R E S H I L L C O U N T R Y " 
G o o d h u n tin g . 
$76o d o w n ipayem nt, $18 79 per m o We w ill 
1 ,inotM * Loll 734 9J61 

9 a c r e s ir r ig a t e d in c o u n tr y 
4 m i le s n o r t h o f D e v i n e 
N e o r C h a c o n L u k e 
W a t e r , 
( p u t r i d l y , p h o n e a v a i la b l e 
N e e d s p l o w i n g l a k e p r i v i l e d g e s . $ 1 3 ,5 o o . G o o d b u y 
W i l l s e ll J a c r e s t o r 
S S 5oo c a s h . O w n e r a g e n t 
D e v i n * R e a l t y , I 6 o 3 »55 «, 
S A 626 12oo 

3 acres of beautiful M edina River 
Front property aver 13o ft w a in front 
3-3 home. 
P retty 
Oaks 
$64 VOO 
*84 4711 or 761 V94) 
P IO N E tM R IA L TY b e d ro o m 

 is lenci on got 
(le a r r 

24 ACRES id has well, m obile home id r o a d , a n d Is id e a lly 
I at underbrush t D W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y on d e b b ie m 
* 4M 
I 516 46V4 

• 512 ACRES • 
L ittle B la n c o R iv e r , w e e k e n d house good hunting Coll M ichael 
Koliskt 878 8W6 

RANCH MARKET 
*56 47o6, 274 6184 

J b e d ro o m h a m 
Beach 7 nice lots 
68 4 4 711 or FSI VV4J 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y _______ 
Bv ow ner, Canyon I ake, bed util JI 
View lei, $4588 4V4 7177 
CANYON LAKE 
I 
MOBILE LOT 
IO OOO sa Vt fantastic view Pool boat ro m p neor by 
$14oo, $1oo down, 78 m e at $21 43 APR 
MEL MILLER 
226 2324 
Canyon L a ie . L akeview hum #Tri 
V illage Shares $45 oo8 
W eekend home $22,6oo 
I akehorne R eally 
I 964 319o 
T aW 
6 n~ i a k e— i v O W N I h 
$ acres on paved road overlook 
Hundreds al huge pecan trees in a mg taka, near boat launch I als of uross riv e r bottom P i u s fields 

147 ACRES 
MEDINA RIVER 
Haw would you like to own about a m ile at M edina R iver Frontage 

¥ cent utilities 
446 3338LO R IP P S R L T Y *48 6441 
I i i ocres (ra n tin g H w y 15<, lust * %ut> dividing 
NC at T M 1664 Atascosa w ater an land , p ric e d to sail O w n e r tin onced W B A T K IN S *21 o881 i ' i Leras in Blanca de i mi tram 
B lanca R iv e r, p a ve d ro ad Iro n ta g * Far into 121J IM m 
A £ H t t rn ti ill ( oo nil 

34 acres, mostly pasture 
Creek frontage, doer 
R O A D 
IOO acres covered w ith oak trees 
B IN Z E N G L E M A N R O A D 
188 acres. Per lei t for sub dividing 
N E A R K E R R V IL L E l l a cre s, fre e tunn ing s tream s oak lr aas 341-328) 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
— u r v f v g r i gA'b ------------- 
36 acres, m eshy pasture, Cibolo 
Creek ti anlage, deer 
B U L V E R D E R O AD 
. 188 a c re * covered with oak trees 
B E N Z E N G L E M A N RO AO 
188 acres. perfect tor 

ED MERGELE CO. 
R E A L T O R S 
1o6 Saunders, Boerne. Tx 
C ib o l* 34* 3534. 
24V 2848. 
24V 8244 
G LO E 
S A d irect line 834 Vt l l i a g « 
' n ' 6 ! A h L A 

 trees, w ater and e le c tric ity , w ill and p a stu re land divide and finance 
4V4 2737. ro a d t r a n ta a e 
341 1981 
- ’ 

 t i 
( lu r k Spr m as M e m b e rs h ip , 
Including lot 7)6 4966 r t ' ^ a r k i p , m as, tot anil m em ber ship below costs Call *41 2822 
H O R T t S H b E B oy L a k e L B J 

NE AB K E R R V IL L E l l acres, tre e running s tream s. oak trees )4t 7181 

I T schools. L a f e k a f b u t n u 
“ 
T T H m 6 v $ 5 y f l u ^ / T T " 
NICO I B e d ro o m hom e re d eco r ate d . la n c e d y a rd , Bus, sch oo ls, s to re s n e a r b y , o n ly H O 168. in 
D e nve r H e ig hts A re a 
A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
4)3 3195 

 s r u r r — i r r r 
...... 
A M E R IC A N A , c e n tra l a ir, c a rp e l, 
$198 dew n $14$ m o n th ly 
J B J R E A L T Y 67 4 8883 A n y tim e 
M irjrS e T T Sy o w n e r, V a lle , Ut a re g 3 I I, w ith contr ut a ir h e a t fu lly c a rp e te d (e rg o p a tio . P ica 
Iv (SC od v o id o th e r e x tra * S I* $88 
$2688 e au ity or Best artel A ssum e law p a y m e n ts >74 44>V 

 i A m n r e i n f i t v — 
V e r y p r e tt y ) B e d i a tm h a m e . newly Pacer ated u t shop carpet d r a p e s , h a r v e s t s t a v e 
' e r r tgera t o r , d is h w a s h * i o p e n t e r m s 

 n et C o u n ty 
D e e r, g u a il p ro v id e ! fin e h u n tin g 
B e a u tifu l liv e oak tre es, sam e a c re s in c u ltiv a tio n 
C oll 
B u r not, 
S II 
714-1791 ar 
7 $6-4183 

7 M ACRES 
Jest inside W ilson Co O nly IT m i tra m L a w 419, lots af o a k *, tan k, also Texas V e te ra n Ion a a v a il 
344 4)66 
341 4166 
69) 311) 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 
B Y S W i l f f ’ f r A g f f l V 14 m iles' / I I o 4 o > southeast L e w 41o en h ig h w a y I* 
3 y e a rs ald 
AH B ric k l l h om e 
L a r g e ro o m * 
S w im m in g p o o l 
) s to ry m e ta l b a in Irrig a tio n w e ll o n d e q u ip m e n t 
F is h in g p e n d 
I u rg e oak and h ic k o ry tre e s W ith 
18 peres et co asta l 
D w r , q u a il, a n d d a v e 
C o ll 
914 4 )7 1 a r 
I 741 389$ tor a p p o in tm e n t 

E a r ly t e x a s S ty le 

■ n v u i n ew 
[LC RA la ke. tar ae a nd s m a ll tra c ts 
OI w ooded a c re a g e 
M o u re N eat t state 71) 34* 1)7$, A N Y T IM I 

I a A g e B U IL D IN G S IU 
I m ile n o rth fro m L a w N W de s ir e d lo c a t io n , d e e p s a il a n d woaded a re a 
W a te r, e le c tric ity , and phone P a y m e n ts at $42 79 at 
7% s im p le in te r e s t a fte r s m a ll dow n p m ) Las F e tte r, 479 7329 

LARGE CODNTRY HOMES 
Custom built 1-3 Aero) Oak tr to i, hill country. North- 
Northwest Homos ready to move into 
F m a n c td 
We custom build, H ove 1-3-5 acre tracts available. Wa consider Irad e s 
S aw yer 
C o n s t. C b -_____________ 
■494-2243 

Townhouses, 
$12 598 5444 
6V8 7641 
I A K I I t i , IV d' w n F r ' 
I A c r e , la k e v ie w h o m e s ite * , 
H ig h la n d H e m e s S ub D iv is io n . w ith p a rk , ro m p a nd p ie r A s kin g 
$3,158 $17 )44 7187 

'« m r p a v e d 
C o m p le te ly re m o de le d $ ro a m house O nly 6 mr suuth of Loo p 418 
J42 4VOo 
344 17 J I 

P A T R I C K B 
D A V I S 
R E A L T O R 
8o i i A t A t i . M e d in a i a u n T 7 b e u u titu l. se clud e d hom esite w ith lac ae oak tre k * o n d a ll w e a th e r ro a d le a d in g lo m a in gate 
824 41)1 
S T E R L IN G B U R K I 
R e a lto rs 

_ KEY GROUP 

7oo ACRES 
N ear San A nto nie, irrig a tio n w ell. la rg e re s e rv o ir, b e a u tifu l h em e 
Site 
J I R R Y B A C O N RT A l TOR 
477 111), 43) 37)5 433 1195 
/>5 A e r ie s t i l a r s I O n T w a i T 

L E O N S P R IN G S A R E A 

A c r t o g e h o m e s ite * , tre e s , 
View, IS m in u te * n o rth on IH 
IS 
N ew hom e* u nd er c a n tifire hen 
G U A D A L U P E R IV E R 
A c re a g e h o m e s ite !, 4$ m in ­ ute* n o rth 34* 7487 
B H L P R IC E R E A L T Y 

CONNALLY 
HEAL ESTATE INC 
T 
!T 1 7 f c » L g g i Z a i t L * D 
Zanpd tin g le tunney d w e llin g 
O w ner c a r r y w ith s m a ll Pawn 
7361748 
839-986$ 
3 )3 )1 6 ) 
W A TS O N * SON R E A L T O R S 
M i i i c re *. 77 in i to s t af Ia n k n terne en IH I6 $15,999 to ta l Coil 5 ta 7 a rn a a a $ la t i a rn 734 *417 

I i A t a 'f f i , i m ite s a u l 4 F c liv lim its aa t i l I S O W p e r a c re 
E a *v te rm s 9)4 4444, *1 ) 1*32 l l A H C I J u g fc it t h 6 m | l o c a t e ! la N o r t h w e s t B e x a r 
C o g g ly t a t s e t o a k * , t B a rn * , greenhouse, w a lk th e e c a m p le !* 
Iv fenced 

B v a w n e r, hou se on G u a d a lu p e R iv e r 
Seguin 
} b e d ro o m 
2 b orh w tln o v e r too sq ll e l p o rc h e s 
Im p ro v e d w a te r Iro n ! P ric e N eon lia b le I 17* 4)73 

 fg U A L ' fg U W T y -------------- 
4 l l peres near c o rn e r et 211 e nd Buy or Sell tor you Call 
4* M obile hom e* a ccep ted A r e a l 23* $167 
141 V I N H b a r g a in a t o n ly S II. 196 
E a s y 
. . 
_ i te r m s 
19% O ow n. b a la n c e 18 J I 
H P S \ 
M e re s t 
W ont la s t w '* h —S E S I 

- U T Li­ r e a l E S T A T E 9 R O K E R 

I I V I 
IN 
SE C U R I t Y on I 
B e a u tifu l I u *e G ra n b u ry in d e l o id o va I stoles tin t, thu tv m in u te s tra m f t 
W o rth 
A m in itie s in clu de tx hole g u ll tennis m a rin a m a n ne d gate arid p u ll o ! 74 h i* 
This th re e b e d ro o m 
7 b a th h om e w ith 
• lune h ieo n .1':e in liv in g a r m tor only $5o o8o OI w ill ll ode for Hume on N side at Son An 
Ion ic W ill Co B ro k e 

O E I C L E U L I R I A t I S t A I I 
4* f A IR W A Y OR 
GR A N O U R V IX 7S84V 

S f N r 6 f t l o v v i (‘ A T T o n 
HOMS 
I 7 i House on ca n a l K e y 
Allege ii 
Hock poc I 
Texas 
Sleeps 
*. c e n tro ! o n h e o l 
T e rm s nego 
C o ll D o n B a c o n 
K e r r v ille 
Tx 
I IV * IS M or I 767 7VV6 
~ w a n T T o a S T a t p r o PE u T T 
Ai m is o s P o s * or P o rt A ra n s a s 
D O U G LA S A N D E R S O N 
IQ I G o rd in a _____________ 
733 1163 

WATERFRONT HOME 
C A N Y O N L A K E H IL L S 
2388 SQ FT 3 STOB Y 
O UPL E X W IT H I F IR E P L A C E S 
IW O 
W A T E R F R O N T 
LOTS 
(IM M 1681 
I 
D E C K S 
P LU S 
E N C L O S E D umpte equipm ent 5* a cre pegaut 

7 w ells, 7 lu n k s , oaks, good g ra s s 
: and te n e t* O w ner fin a n c e Good win. 
136 3716, le n n a rd 
R e a lty . 
| 7)6-6219 

13 ACRES 
NE B e x a r C o u n ty w a te r lin e , ro ttin g te rra in . B u ild in g s ig h t w ith vie w M r m ile * O w n ^r tin a fie ld 

U N locators of lo to s 
S A 64 / 1154 64/ 133) 
5 a e r'** J I long term m w i * 

• 5o ACKS • 
O M frees ond b e a u tifu l v ie w is a few m in u te s n o rth 
Cat! O u r 
N rsbel, o24 o154 
DANCH MARKL f 
655 4394, 214 61*4 i*Ta ur FgTfgran* ham. 

 it S5M8. s m a ll dow n fin a n c in g by o w n e r, 

' r"T K f f it T o a i l i ^ n i V i% i l l t m f » *•!% * AMU 
K l M 
I L 
C e n tu ry ..? .! 

KGN CD 
E o n s p r 

RE A t T O R I 

I x e e l ss AMU M M S 

IM t i NW L E O N S P R IN G S EM I 
9>»9M6 

Aper e x .m u rk ly ) a c re s B eechen' tut anon tex d evetg aem en l 
Floe h oaxes IO m a tu re seder Ban u rea 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 814 IS H 

 veers. 
7% inter« 
7)3-1111 

F A M liY M IY 

COUNTRY DRL AM 
B e a u tifu l 4 y r gip, I s to ry C etgaan hem e aa 4$ a c re s lu s t 36 m i 
T e e th e t 
I A 
$ 
B a p t e a rn s , 
4 .B aths tg r g * It.m g a re a w ith 
B ar, scour a t* d ra m a ro o m 
Cete sa t i af a v in e a re a L a rg a s ta re 
• com and A tm w itB shew er a lt I c a r c a i a or t 
P ane ad g a g se w n w ith c o a s ta l B e r m u d a 
L o r g i a e ro ana dee kaaawts C it* w afer a r i l e d to t a l l B y a w n e r 
C e ti 

- 
- 

■ m r 
$1o.1 
■ 
W 
M i r e a l m 
CASM 6*6 3414 eves 

Rag) E sta te 
T7TT7T 

• LYTLE • 
_ _ _ _ _ 
N ic e I Bear aam h em e en e a v e d 
_ _ _ 
. . . . s tre e t n e a r sch oo ls, p ric e d te a 
T 
I • I B H 
* unable 
COH 1-771 3o4* 
O ra n P 
C a it a lb us 

PO R CH 
R E D U C E D 65oo4 BY O W N E R 
FL f K IH L E TE R M S (S E C O N D 
L IE N O K ) 
NO W S if.B E i, 49422)7 
W eek g ad h ide a w o v * r a e r m a n en! Keene in re s o rt c o m m u n ity 4$ m ites N o rth en 3(1 
F e rn , c a rp e t cd. B eat e n d m e te r the w o rk s 
$24, $88 484 1)18 

LYTli REALTY 
Hmm PRIOLO 

•MOUNTAIN LOP NORTH* s ta g g e r in g 
. re v e re d w ith e g 
*84*777 

 ra w t a r m i t t s , i $9444 6*8 M f ) 

 id e a l ta t t a r y o u r B o m * rn in s e r t 
O lto n M tM s 
H ig h e le v a t io n w it h g b e u u t i t u l v i e w a l t h o c i t y 
For d e t a il * a n a V ie w in g c o lt 347 4 1 1 1 
A N Y T IM E 

IC I r o u e W A N I a b 
IM I I A e g ISS N e w s 
< a ll i t s ie e e 

N A R IO MHH H A IT 

 b l o c k o f m e d ic a l c e n t e r , 
*«*» L ift U M I '* 

O ft 4 tor de 

 allotm ent Deer ond Birds, nope haole S IM M O N S REAL E S I A IL 
Poteet I 74) ))e t, S A M ) 4 8 6 ) 

 io A T R T T f - 6 T i f r iu .e e o~ IT t tre e s , h ig h w a y fr o n ta g e 
S IM 
M O N S R E A L E S T A T E , P o te e t 
I 743 3)48, S A 
M I 4 8 .1 
H U A g i n EJ lo g ia a b o n n e Ti w ater w ith at toast $ dam s ana tank sites 
Lets et deer a nd fur k ey , fla t lan d and h ills 
§ I to s u b d iv id e 
SS#* p e r p e r e w ith term s Box Eel U valde 
TK 78881 
Or I 376 3 4 )1 

--------------------1 1 H 5 H A -------------------- 
Big o a k s and rich f i e l d lend en this 4 I a c r e , b o r d e r i n g p re tty c r e e d $ 8 ,4 4 4 t o t a l v i t a e a s y l * r m s u p to 3o y r s 
R IP E C R E E K R E A L T Y *96 1)41 
I T f i b g i A fftO W T V l l A f K H 
U pper S eam a' C a nyo n W atei 
J a L E IG H T O N R E A L T O R S 
Yonder g o a l Tx 
S U * 9 4 348o 

 tMt I x eat ss N iw s 

 call T is ie e e 

11161433 

Poge I 4-C 
Son Antonio E X P RESS-N E W S — Sundoy February 13 1977 
248 OFFICE SPACE FBR LEAST 4o1 - APARTMENTS FURIY 

232 FARMS ANO RANCHES 
232 FARMS AND RANCHES 

 t i AUDRA SO. TIXAS RANCH 
ANO FARM, ZAVALA CO. TX. 

231S ocres of deep nth soil form ow) ranch tend with 3 Corriio water wetk ond pomp complete 
1ooo acres flat irrigated land with concrete ditches, excellent condition Postures fenced and crossed fenced Paved rood thro farm od|otent to ort and gas pro duction. Over VS of minerals in­ tact. Very well improved Priced to sell low down payment ond assumption of new long term note. Principals Only Ask tor o- 
W AkCurdy, 512 773 9431 

RIO GRANDE INDUSTRIES, 
Eagle Pots, Ti. 

UVE OAK COUNTY 

2So Acres north of Three Rivers. 
All in brush, rood frontoge, with minerals. $375 per ocre 

7oo ACRES 
13 miles west of Campbellton, paved road frontage, mobile home, bom, pens, artesian well with reservoir, good coastal, ideal for hay operation, minerals available S425 per ocre. 

VESTLAND 
Corpus Christi 
8 5 4 - 1 o 1 5 

SWT FARM & RANCH 
REAL ESTATE 

APPROXIMATELY 26oo ACRES NE 
U SAILE CO. With Frio River fron­ tage. 
2 nice mobile homes 
Garage, hunting stands, numerous small fields. Excellent huntma ond fishing. Smoll per lion of minerals. $365 per ocre with good terms. 

A l l ACRES LA SAU! CO. V. 
Mile Nueces River frontage, 5 miles Hest of Cotulla. 18o Acres irrigated farmland, nice house overlooking smoll lake Excellent hunting ond fishing with many good improvements Vj minerals 
A real showptace $8oo per acre with good owner financing. 
LEE PETERS- 1 - 1 7 4 2759 
P.O. B ai $43, Cotulla, Ti. 
71o14 

JJS 
ML, 

COMMERCIAL WERTH no 
SAU 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 

* 
¥ 
¥ 
¥¥ 
¥¥ 
¥ 

MAJOR 
INTERSECTION 
18 ACRES FOR SALE OR LEASE 
ALL OR PART 
WILL BUILD TO SUIT 
NORTHWEST 
CORNER 
LOOP 
41o A f 
AND IH IO EAST 
J 
HALLMARK REALTY { 

¥ 
¥ 
¥¥¥ 

J * * * 

6 5 3 -8 3 1 o 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

N E A R A IR P O R T , B R O A D W A Y 
A R E A A N D LO O P RIO. P ar lease, sm o ll office, paneled, util, od 
Answering service avail, at add'- I tionol cost For further into call I 
341-7296 or 822-JOW eves 

 o f f i c e s ^ a c e A v a i l a b l e 
Two one-man suites available im- me-.tiatetv in the beautiful Rohde 
Building. Overlooks Turtle Creek 
Golf Course, near M ed Center, 
IH IO. Looo 41o and U SA A In the center of everything. Coffee bor, 
X e ro x , ia n ito ria l se rvice , free parking, inquire today. R O H D E 
R E A L T O R S , 
4139 
Gardendale, 
694 5311 
______________ _ 
Office space, N E . finished, im- mediate occupancy, utilities paid. 
Becky M a yo 826-32S1. H enry S. 
Miller Co R ealtors______________ 

 p r i m e O ffice sp a c e on new 
North Exp re ssw a y neor airport. 
Reasonable rates, covered pkg., all conveniences. 
344-34S4. 

252 SELL OR EXCHANGE 

H A V E C A SH B U Y E R S 
~~ o ld e r h o m e s, o p ts n e e d in g repairs. John B. Eccell, Broker 
6o8 Gunter Bldg 226-7o31 824 8o23 

ATT ions 
Nm i Ovoid*. Rvvgk Sooting rooth, 
HOO go* tm 
6oo ACRES 
Moor UvoMo OM lowvovMn oti VITO 
RVI 
ASO ACRES 
Moor UvoWo On (rook, ISH Ror out 
125o ACHES 
I knot hoot loo Antonio, kook Mill 
Country, bro wot VT, Rood Son Hor, 
Shoo rot o<™ 
1o,ooo ACRES 
VAL VERDE COUNTY 
On ink*, good workoi| ranch tilt rh ocrn. 
GEORGE GRAVIS REALTOR 
276 4462 
UvoMv. »« 764o1 

NEAR SEGUIN 
HO otres, VS wooded ond holf field, o nice stock pond, rich sandy loom soil This form is only Th miles from Seguin A good buy of $9oo pee ocre. 
MUES OF VIEW 
Near Seguin, 57 ones - 7o% in good Coastal Bermuda, botonee in beautiful forest High iran quility foetor, y»t just off mam highway New fencing, lots of deer ond other gome with plen­ ty of under ground woter available $8oo per ocre. 
Groin Campbell Realty 
379-4521 
SA 658-5131 

JUST LISTED 

Who! more could you ask for? 42 

 trailer pods, ll rent houses, 3 

 wells, tennis court Everything is 

 oil toyed out Buy it* Run iff Profit 

 from iff 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^349-6211 

O W N E R — 5oo Acres, Castroville area, 5 tanks, 7o acres field, 4o im proved g ra ss, J nice hom es, 
Edw ards welt. I 426-3578 

BOERNE 

$38o.oo PER ACRE 
22 41 acre tract L e ak e y A reo 
H e a v ily w o o d e d 
G o o d h u n tin g 525o dow n 
577 22 m onthly E m o ry Jones- 734 4627. 
53.oo P E R A C R E Good ronchland in Braiil. Tracts 25o,ooo to 85o,ooo 
Acres Bounded by targe rivers 
Government finance available tor liv e s t o c k ond im p ro v e m e n ts 
M O R R IS W IT T R E A L T Y , R I J, 
B o x 54, C e n te r P o in t, T e x a s 

Office — Yard 
Airport Area 
2 Blocks from Loop 4 1 o 

For R»nt — 75o sq ft. officesoat* 
— central air ond heat 15,OOO sg ft of yord upper I cycfine fem* 
Zoned I industrial. Suitable for contractor, wholesale, light manufacturing. 
$ 2 5 o M onth 
822-9368 

NEW OFFERING 
Modern 4,4oo sg ft building 34oo sa ft. a ir c o n d itio n e d sh o w ro o m — office. 3,ooo sa ft w a re h o u se . O v e r h e a d d o o rs, paved p a rk in g Secu re outside storage Zoned i t 
Adams, Keller ft McBride 
Inc. Realtors 
733-8182 
O F F IC E B U IL D IN G on Son P e ­ dro. 514oo mo. rental incom e. 
Owner finance Lennard Realty, 
734-6754 
P A IN T A N D B O D Y SH O P 
A real buy on I acre with spray ooint booth, three shills, storoge. office and separate residence. In 
Randolph A F B area JO J A R E S 
R E A L T Y , 458 5144, 658 3745 
Repossessed 1ox16 Portable Of flee 
Free 
Delivery, 
Term s 
732 5171 
S A L E LfcASE-------------- 
B A L L R O O M , L O U N G E , B IG 
C A F E You Nam e It! Over 45oo sa It being refinished. Flexible term s on leasing Favorable pur­ chase term s 3oo2 S Z ariam ora 
924 42o9 A L L R E A L T Y 533 7987 
14b3 S N E W B R A U N F E L S 
75oo soft m asonry bldg Central heat-air, showroom, neon lights, 3 baths, coned K At IH IO and New 
Braunfels 349 65o3, 82? 16o1 
Martha Worley Realtors 

254 REAL ESTATE WANTED 

ExeH itivedesiresT 2 or J bedroom hom e on 5o-4oo acres, G ra rln g land, with stock bonds within 2o miles of S A Reply to Mrs. Prudy 
Brotherton PO Box 5333o. Hous- ton, TX 77o5? 713 223 4o41________ 
I in d iv id u a l w onts to buy old er income property, condition untm- 
■ porlont. E. Ateek, P.O. Draw er K. i Portland, Tx 78374______________ 
! W A F T E D Acreage bv Texas Vet. 
Phone 512-824-973o, eves cir write 
7414 Q U A IL RU N , SA. 782o9. 
I 

FURNISHED 
APARTMENTS 

F R O M 
*46. Weekly 

* 1 5 2 . Monthly 
Studio, 1-2 bedroom s 
NO HASE 

TENNIS COURT 
ADULT LIVING— NO PEJS 

WARREN HOUSE 
3222 H W. loop 41o 
"p f int#r»#«t*<m of (kwhurst ond Q«ais reed 41o“ 

3 4 2 -4 o 2 9 

R E N T A L S 

4D1 
4D1 • APARTMENTS FURN 

I j T t f B I I M K W M 
4o4 LPARTMEWTS-ONfDRN 

N 
O 
R 
T 
H 
W 
O 
O 
D 
APARTMENTS 
FROM 

* 1 6 5 , . * 3 1 o 
OPEN 
Sat. IO a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Sun. I p.m. to 5 p.m. 
8315 N. VANDIVER 
826-5531 OFF LOOP 41o N.E. 

HOME OF THE 
BIG OAKS 

W A N f E D , apartm ents 
4S4-o23! 

4 
I 
F a m ily 
I am not an agent. 

256 REAL ESTATE LOANS 

This 3 bedroom, J both home is in . excellent condition Extra deep lot 1 141 7873 or I 634 267? gives you large back yard See it 
- R A N C H L A N D S - today 527,5oo oo 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis, Realtor 
B oerne 749 2o41 
S A 224 7171 

BOERNE 
Three bedroom , two bath brick hom e Includes double garage, fireplace, 2o X 2o enclosed potto. 
All this on I 1 > lots. 539,ooo.oo Total 
Price 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Cliff Lewis, Realtor 
B oerne 749 2o61 
S A 224 7171 
Coll us obout bur close in rural properties. 2 8oo Acres 
Seif; A Assoc, Realtors 824 2385 
C H W A H L R E A L T Y 
Good selection Farm s Ranches 
I 379 549J I 379 571o 
Seguin, Tx 
C R E E X A N D R IV E R 
R a n c h e s , la r g e a n d sm o ll. 
S p e c i a t i n g in the 
P ip e 
Creek — B a n d e ra — M e d in a areo 
Jim Taylor 824 4898______________ 
Deer quoit, turkey, Jovoitno, 185 
Acres, Kinney Co Owner financ­ ing available, 512 278 9433 otter 
SPM 
D E V IN E A R E A , beautiful brick on 2 5 acres, J bedroom , ? both, double carport, 18x27 living area with Ben Franklin fireplace, large workshop, good well, paved rood 
Price reduced 
H U G H E S 4 B R IS C O E 
974 4331 R E A L T O R S 
1 663 5597 

EAST BEXAR COUNTY 
3 bedroom , 2 bath. new tim ely home on beautiful 2 acre tract, creek fron tage, rood frontage, woter line, and septic system 
Land Locators ot Texas 
S A 647 1154, 667 1333 
E W A R D S R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Buy your land trom the natives 
P IP E C R E E K , TX .95 848o 
Form ond Ranch Listings Wonted 
5o Acres or larger within 65 miles 

No 
Land For All Purposes 
7 Flinfsfone, 78213 
344 9936 

RIMCO REALTY 
484 86oo R on rh e s' 49? 2796 

R IV E R F R O N T 5 A C R E S 

Beautiful crystal eleor water 
5865 down paym ent, 5134 5? per mo Owner financed. Coll 
734 9598 

 r WANT TO BUY A 
CAVE? 

Yes, we have one for sole 
Beautiful formation!, SO arret plus 12o ocre! ovarloble This it on investor s DREAM* Areo tourist attraction 
BOB MCGINNIS, 
REALTORS 

ROLLING OAKS 
785 acres of park like hills. Cabin, fenced ond crossed fenced, well, sp rin g fed tank, 3o m in N orth 
Owner will sell oil or part or trode 
J E R R Y W A G N O N A A SSO C 
878 33o1 
344 7719 Nights 

SOUTH OF BOERNE 
A p p ro x im a te ly one h o lf a c re wooded building site Located lust oft IH to near Stuckey's Boerne 
School 
District 
535oo OO 
Total 
Price. 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis, Realtor 
Boerne 749 7o61 
S A 724 7171 

349-6211 

 r n% 

12,ooo SO FT S T R IP C E N T E R 
Choice location. M odern 3 y rs old O w n e rs m ust sell. 51o,ooo down and assume. 
494-3229, 
341 8134 

238 COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
LEASE 

M A K E R E 
L O A N S 8 % F ir s t liens. M ax 8 yrs. Buy notes less than 8 % with discount 
A V. Rodriguei Broker 222-o98o 

3o2 MOBILE HOMES RENT 

A Jn^KtW ^n rTTernraM ieaTTca?^ oeting, adults. 3ooo M ission Rd 
9 2 4 3 4 o 4 __________ 
2 bedroom, 12X48, some furniture, very cleon, fenced yard, N E in 
C oly Cove Park 514o 656 1818. 

Furnished br unfurnished Mobile 
Home. 2 bedroom, 575 dep, 5135 mo , 4 mo lease 623-3657 

I BEDROOM 
APTS. 
NORTHSIDE 

 e FURNISHED 

• All BIUS PAID 

8 2 6 -8 4 9 1 

7 3 2 -2 1 9 6 

J 

WAPARTMWTS-WHIRN 
WtfABTMfflS-UIIHHW 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
17oo sort retail space, good expo­ s u re and p a r k in g 
C a ll W B. 
K lefter 341 9191 
Naylor Realty Inc 

 it s G a r d e n i n g t i m e 
4 Sp acious Bedroom s, 2 Baths, 
C e n tra l H e a t-A ir, on '» A cre , 
Fenced. Carpeted. Coll T E X V E T 
R E A L T Y 435-484o 
N E A R L A C K L A N D 12 X6o' (2) bedroom No pets. 1165 month Ail bills paid 55o deposit. 25o2 O b ­ servation Dr. 674 7518 696 35o7 
N E A R L A C K L A N D Double wide 
24 x55', 3 bedroom s, den, dining room. Fully carpeted No pets 
525o mo bills paid 51oo deposit. 
25o2 
Observation 
D r 
674-7518, 
694 35o7 

4o1 APARTMENTS FURN 

 m iles out of city limits on IN JZS, railroad Iron loge Will sell all or part E a sy terms 924 6666,623 193?_________ 
1311 A c r e s , tot south oufside 
City lim its. G oodw in, 826-3715, 
Lennord Reolty, 734 6756_________ 
I 34 acres loned business 188 ft frontage, odiacent railroad, near active shop center, industrial 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
A P ^ r A x 2 A C R E $ 
3 rn, out of 
City limits on IM37 So *4oo down, no re s t r ic t io n s, e a s y te rm s 
974 6664, 423 193? 

AVAILABLE WAREHOUSE 
ANO OFFICE SPACE 
All site s to meet any need All areas of S A Ernest Soblc Com mercial Prop 349-3639 

ADULTS ONLY 
226-3547 j Efficiency, I bdrm 545 ISS 
I Alam o Helghts-outside studio af- j flciency apt, attractive surround­ ings, utilities paid, air, young bu- 
I siness woman, 59o. 822-1813. 

SOUTH TEXAS 
Webb Ca 13,ooo acres, 3,5oo acres 
M averick Co. 7,ooo acres, 8,ooo acres 
McM ullen Co 
7,ooo acres, 1,ooo ocres 
Trophy Oner Country 
Excellent g ra ss and water 
713-482-3375 Principals only 

BANDERA RO. 
F ro n ta g e Zoned b u s in e s s and 
Apt 7-f ocres Inside 41o M ake otter 
341 4455 
R E A L T O R S 
433 1859 
BARNEBEY AGENCY 

B E A C O N C I R C L E E A S T 
N e o r S a n P e d r o o n d n e w 
N o r t h E x p r e s s w a y . 1 2 3 4 s o f t . o f f i c e w a r e h o u s e sp o ce . 342-2934. 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 

S O u m n p H * v iU A 
A WAITT MC N T S 
* 

* Mind Dunk Club tor'hut! a Gym ond lf** Linos# 
Omit! a Sfouty Shop a Sound Whirlpool a Tennis Coufh 3 pooh a frost free r>lfig*fo'ors a IO Minute! lo - 
Downtown 

4o32 I Southeast 
337-5242 

For The Truth; 
Compare 

Laroe I Bedroom, 
From $ 19o. 
All Bills Paid 

N O R T H E A S T 
C O N V E N IE N C E 

I tilitieh Pail! 

□ Garden ’■'vttinjp- 
□ Private Patio* 
□ Poi ii.* and Party R oom 
□ fcffieieneien. I and 2 
Bedroom * 
□ L)i*hwa*her. Drape* and 
T V Antenna* 
□ U alk to Northeast 
Schoo l* 
□ (.lone to Fort Sam 
□ 3 M in ute* to IV ind*or 
P ark Mall 
□ F u rn itu re 
Available pork 
Village 

A p a r t m e n t * b r 

Ten floor plans to choose from for exquisite adult living All bills paid, Recreation room, large balconies, outdoor Bar-B-que grills, lcemakers. fireplaces and beam ed ceilings. 

1o3A2 SAHARA DR 
(North of Looo Alo oft San Pedro) 
349-2617 

Office Hours 
Mon-Sat 9-6 
Sun; 1-6 or by appointment 

4 1° / W AU EM RD 

 wih*o$O9 
PARK MAU 

J 
2 
EISENHAUER 

I i 
♦ » » » » 
VII. LA O I 

483o Hay Bim Drive 
653-73oo 

Efficiencies. 1-2-3 
Bedroom Flats To 
3 Bedroom Town­ 

 houses 
3815 Parkdale 

{£*696-3499 

# • • • • • • * 
•LA PLAZA* 

S I 45. 

BUNCO RD 
Two rem aining 1,o5o soft retail s p a c e s a v a ila b le in p re s tig e center High traffic and income 
F o r d e ta ils, c a ll L M d o le 
341 9191. Niles 876 8o51 
Naylor Really Inc 
Com m erclol bldg designed and furnished tor dance studio, etc i approx 
3,ooo sq ft Reception 
I or*° Co11 822-9515, 824 8364 
Com m ercia! Building, designed, j furnished, with num erous separ- 
I ole offices for business or donee 
I studios 822-9515 ond G ravitons. loned B J, 522,ooo 
42o1 F re d e rick sb u rg R d has of 
344-3113 lice space ond covered and un- 
______________ 
TTT covered yord space tor lease 
BROADWAY FRONTAGE 

R I T T IM A N RO AT IH35 
T H E F A IR D A L E 
66oo F A IR D A L E 
______ 656-1oo)______ 

APTS. F U R N IS H E D 

B A N D E R$145. 
A and El 
E V E R S R D 

 leasing Dally 9-4, SaaAny 14 

1 B e d ro o m $ 1 4 5 
2 B e d ro o m $ 2 I P 
FURN.-UNFURN. 
Ill I),Allies fox) loiqe pkivjrouwh 
8n\« iiholl Obol. Shuttle boun! liqhted lenin! (oui! 3 isiqe swim minq pooh kern lion*' A i 8 
Slot* Hospi'ol. felon Volley Cod 
I oui se 
Truly the bast rental va lv a in town. 
2715 I as sos 
333 5339 

For The Truth; 
Compare 

I Bedroom Junior 
$159.oo 
All Bills Paid 

Choose from 9 different floor plans ... with extras to go along. Fireplaces, vaulted ceilings, pool, volleyball, clerestory windows, suspended balconies ... and more usable space than you ever imagined possible. 

H ig h R id g e d 

Hillside Apartments 
5211 Fredericksburg Rd. 
341-8221 

Quiet Home 
Style Living 

Ef f i c. to 3 b d r m. 
Tow nhouse with Fire­ p l a c e s . 
12 F l o o r plans. Adult & Family 
Areas. 

^ ^ ^ . 6623 Colloghon Rd 
I s l 6 9 6 -3 2 9 o 

• 
3 4 1 -4 6 2 1 
• 

9 
• 1 2 3 Bedrooms 
4 ft 

o 
• Single ond Family 
o 
^ 
Sections 

™ a Fireplaces 

9 
* Tennis 
^ 
• 115 MW LOOP 41o 
# 
% 
Across From 
# 
* 4 • 
North Star Malt 
# 

• r n 
* • • • • • • » » 

ADULT LIVING 

TRONT DOOR SU$ SERVICE 
1-BEDROOM, $17o. 
2-BEDRooM, $2o5. 

POOL, UTILITIES PO CLOSE TO 
SHOPPING CENTER ANO POST 
OFFICE THE 
HABITAT 
3815 W IST AYI. 
344-772o 

■ S e le c to r 

W e’D find yours, free. 

O R M 7 DAYS A MtWK o m e n TM8oUoHoWT W XA* 

3121 N.W. LOOR 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

“ u s s y s s s s r s s s r 
DALLAS, i n . 752D4 

TENDER LOVING CARE 
Covered w alk-w av from ca r to apt., laundry and mailbox area so you won t get drenched, larger room s so you w on't b ark your shins 342-9113 826-1594 and see. 
T H E K IN G ST O N A P T S 
22o2 Vance Jackson For TLO 

BANDERA RD. FRUNT 
Good location, good price 
H IL L 
C O U N T R Y 
R E A L T O R S 
492 5281 
Beautiful corner lot, Perrin Bedel 

H ID D E N M E A D O W 
5959 W U R Z B A C H 
_______ 684 3311________ 
A sto ria 
1o363 S A H A R A 344 6191 
F U R N IS H E D U N F U R N IS H E D 
Su n sh in e 
342 E S U N S H IN E 734 4427 
A S T R O A P + S 

S U T H E R L A N D S P R IN G S , 125 
Acres OI Coastal with largo oak trees, slock tank 
County road 
, : w ith a c c e s s lo p a v e m e n t k n ­ ot San Antonio Write full details j H ance. N O A G E N T S P L E A S E ond prices 
E D G O Z A , R E A L T O R . 
618 M cCullough Ave., Son Anton 
IO. 
Tex., 
227 81o5, 
822 53oo, 
826 5618. 

FARMS and RANCHES 
A Specialty 
M ore than Holt Century Service 
REQUA REALTY CD 
R e a lt o r s 
51o8 B r o a d w a y 
824 45o7 
Floresville area 24 2 ocres with 2 bedroom home, 5 out buildings, trees, very reasonable price 
B R IG H A M R E A L T Y 672 14o1 

G A S P R O O U C T l b N 
15o A C R E S - H ouse paved road frontage all m in e rals 55o5 per acre D A V ID M A R T IN P H IL L IP 
R E A L T Y 691 1372. t 78o 2872 

G O O D H U N T I N G 
IOO A C R E S 
5129 54 per ocre, owner tmonced for 2o years of 7 N N simple inter est with 5 % down payment. Coll 
734 7964 

GUADALUPE COUNTY 
IO acres, ruroi water line. good soil Cosh or Texas Vet 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A 667 '154, 667 1333 

HILL COUNTRY VIEW 
See m iles of HIM C ountry from your front porch Three large be- j broom s, den with fireplace, two I both A ll ro ck hom e w ith out- I b u ild in g s a n d go o d welt on 5 ocres Private drive to home 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis, Realtor 
B oerne 74» 2641 
S A 224 71711 

HILL COUNTRY VIEW 
See m iles et HIH Country from 1 your front porch Three forge be proem s, den with fireplace, two i oath 
A ll ro ck hom e w ith out- j b u ild in g s a n d good w ell on 5 acres Private drive to home 
BOERNE RANCH REALTY 
Clift Lewis, Realtor 
B oerne 249 24*1 
S A 226 >171 ; 

H I L L C O U N T R Y 
3o A C R E S 
M o n y deer, turkey. 8754 dow n payment ST IS 76 per mo. Owner financed Call 736 9 363 

 s i l l — 
— u r n 
K E R R V IL L E 
4 bedroom . 2 bath, lodge Tennis I c o u rt 
O n 25 o c r e s o r m o re . i 
5144 ,oo4 1 466-3471 

H IL L S OF U T O P IA 
764 A C R E S d «e r h u n tin g p a r udisc, running woter and dirt tank. 
184 A c t s S large C y p re ss trees and deep water 
C L IN T O N e iE B E A . B R O K E R 
654 A C R E S perm anent ru n n in g waler excellent hunting, beautiful brick home 
C LIN T O N 
R IE B E R O W N E R B R O K E R 
512 966 3541 
I aSolte County 
471 a c re s on paved rood. excellent water well, 
53e4 per acre, term s considered 
735 867* 

LOOM AT THIS OME! 
A beautiful large tank, full of tim. with 28 ti m obile hom e, born, coral, lorn shed, electricity, rural water good minerals, good lo #■ 
■ ellen! tenting, situated on *o tree covered ocres approxim ately 14 m iles SM pl Seguin 
Land Locators ot Texas 
5 A *67 IIM , *67 1333 a n a n h i a------------- 
JJS A C R E S on paved hwy , hunting, w ater en d g r o s s 
Owner 342 2967 otter 4pm 

I 947 3311 Att t p rn 

TARPLEY MEDINA CD 
IOO A C R E S 
2 bedroom , I bath, central heat 
; ond air home High on o hill, deer, turkey. 2 5 m iles trom Torplev. j Owner carry. 828-5671. 
S t r a u d e r N e ls o n R e a lt y 
: t a x f r e e E x c h a n g e s i Ranches. Form s. Land anywhere 
D E V A U L T A A SSO C 349 2677 

TAX FREE EXCHANGES 
I This land will sell because It is priced below the competition The 
• s e lle r'' sh a re s h is tax benefit j with the buyer i 182 A cres on the M edina River. 
; huge oaks ond pecans O nly IO min To S A 51,2oo per acre j 271 Acres blackland farm south of 
New Braunfels, house, air strip, j biq tank, creek, squarely in the j path of progress. HOO. per acre 
2o3 A c re s on the Sa n M a r c o s 
River, C o m a le s Co 4,ooo ft of 
| river front, ' i m inerals, univ MOO jper ocre 
Let us a rra n g e on e xchan ge of 
YO U R property 
C A L L 349-2677 
D E V A U L T A A SSC O 

Service garotte, 42x17, portable building 27x15, fenced. 15ox1oo, open terms. Call Annette 
Van Buren ft Assoc 
684 7171 
344 1o89 
344 7122 
C A L L A G H A N R O A D a n d O ld 
Hwy 9o, 275 X 316 (2 acres) being used as trailer park, st 13 per i s a n Excellent com m ercial loca­ tion 434 2341. 
RED CARPET 

Commercial Opportunity 
Approx. 2 ocres warn 6ooo sa ft b u ild in g , f u r n it u re in c lu d e d , ; 
•ronting on Loop 4to at IM-IO. Coll for details 
*241477 
828-3225 
ASSOCIATED REALTY 
C om m ercial B u ild in g B a rg a in ; 
; 32oo sa ti co rn e r lot, 58oo 5 
> Flores 
Owner will handle 
! 923 4517 
C O M M E R C IA L C O R N E R 
• General McMullen Dr. • 
I Between Joske's ond Cult M ort i For quick sole, priced at 635.ooo 
I 824 12o3 or 836 2347 
Thelma B. Pressman 
Corner 1o2x157 ft W Commerce lot. Lorge fram e house, plus small restaurant 
Plenty parking 
733 9665 

H IG H T R A F F IC L O C A T IO N re tail restauranl, bakery, etc., 36oo sa n Reasonable rent 696 o3o1. 
434-6321 
H O T T E S T U S E D C A R LO V In 
Town! 13oo per mo Proven tor 2o years H u rry) 35o2 Culebra Rd 
735-o961 Nltes 696-7777__________ 

15oo S t ' M IL IT A R Y o V l D I342 I hilts Pd 535 53Twk 824 19o6 

N eor Ft Sam , I b e d ro o m , heot. a ir, c o v e re d parking foundry facilities. 1314 E 
G R A Y S O N 
Austin Hwy ond IM I! N od h areo, 
165 686, I and 2 bedroom s, turn ond unturn V e ry clean, quiet, private, utilities port paid, no children, no pets 826-4o51 
• A u it l N H W Y E F F IC IE N C IE S * 

TEXAS 
HILL 
CUUNTRY 
BEAUTY 

Deep in the Heart of Texas Is this gracious ST O N E H O U SE. 
Old time G A L L E R IE S extend length of house upstairs and down S H A K E R O O F L U X 
U R IO U S IN T E R IO R , nerds mon house. T E N N IS C O U R T , fishable 
L A K E 
Workable 
R A N C H 

HOUSTON RANCH REALTY 
P O Box 58o, Boerne Tx. 78oo4 
1512) 249 21)4 or 5J7 44o7 

Y e io s Vol or anyone 
24 ocres near F lo re sville , cleared land, water available 
B R IG H A M R E AL TY 471 14o1 

TEXAS VETS 
We still nave a few Vet tracts left lf you hove received your pack age. give us a con 
Land Locators of Texas 
S A 647 1114, 667 IJ H 
T ex bel wont! I S Jo ocres. wii Ie r, deer, trees, close in. 649 1524 
- W IW 'T 'W fc¥' A "IT W Z?H "i It v - 
SO acre tracts oil 415 acres of this tin e Coastal luna is available 45 m ile * so u th of city 
6 ta n k s stocked with fish, utiltities Paved road to property Colt tor a d d i­ tional details 
KorZrtWa Rea tty 349 3151 
' W I T A i f 5 X L T V o u r 
" 
R A N C H F A R M O R H O M E 
IN TH E H IL L C O U N T R Y 
H O U ST O N R A N C H R E A L T Y 
Boerne T i 78oo6 
249 21)6 PT 24o M I4 
Irt,,. Run, h do you w gn l’ 
R A N C H M A R K E T 224 5184 
RI J Box 231, Son Antonio. 78218 

C r e e k v i e w D r i v e i* 14 A cre s toned L L with 71o' front of intersection with Director ond Dividend. l l 43) A c re s toned L L directly across trom Montgom ery W ard at intersection of Dividend ll Acres (oned L L on both sides of 
Creekview 
Drive and 
Salado 
Creek 
Call 
E D GOCO, 
824 54)8 or 
227 81o5 

E.D. GOZA 

 r e a l t o r s ; 81o5 
In v e sto rs ‘.OO ac. t i and 83 Cooke 
D e v e lo p e rs nm,rn,I 
Co 
923 1711 
D O W N TO W N IH I! 
Corner of access, good exposure. easy accessibility, shop or office I 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 828 1521 
I 
EXCELLENT BUSINESS 
LOCATION 
144) w Hildebrand, lust oft IH to 
Quick possession Term s flexible 
Lillian WoolsHv 735 8876 fZJu S A I F 
Modern M e t build mg, Court House Square. C a rn ie 
S p r in g s . 
T e x a s, b y -o w n e r- ; 
I S II 994 3534. Stockdale. Texas 
FO R S A L I O R B IN T , 8ox1)o ti 
W C o m m e rce lei with duplex 
Park in front and rear 712 9665 
F"5'R T I T 'f ~'5 V ’I I h f L a r g e 
1 c o m m e rc ia l b u ild in g 
1416 
G U A D A L U P E ST . P le n ty a l j psRbtog. M o-H jo. 
Good Ooporiunity H ardw are and 
L u m b e r 
B u s in e s s for Sale , 
Medm o lake Owner Will finance 
*86-4211 6C 751 9941 
P IO N E E R R E A L T Y 
HEDGE INFLATION 
Put your money rn land ' 116 acres of prime mdustrpu land Utilities ta p ro p e rty 
618oo p e r a c re 
Owner financed 344 OMO 

WORKING RANCH 
G r q .Sff..& C H o ld 

By 

MEDINA COUNTY 
445 acres south pf Bandera, i d w ard s well, eld G erm an fram e house, good grating and hunting financing available 
Li m Locators of Turns 
S A 44/ IIM , tot I JVI 
— 
Bf IF M F 'f ' ITB Kilt------- 
M ' i g e l t h o m esite b e a u tifu l view ana trees privacy 616.ooo 
Owner tmonced 
Jim 
Tavtai 
o)4 6ooo_______ 
T V Bu iii ft 

W ill tail oil or e a rl 111 a c re s | sandy loam and b la ckla n d 
ISO acres irrigated Apprex 6oo acres in Coastal Berm uda Approx 2oo ocres Peanut allotment 5 houses 
*5oo sqtt m odern dairy born 14 inch irritation well 66oo N river frentage Tanks with hilt M any ether im p ro v e m e n ts in c lu d in g 
4.ooo salt ranch house l l miles from 6A, mile tram lawn Terms. owner carry 36o 46o), 4o4 1o6o 
Martin Haney RgaBorc 

ZAVALLA COUNTY 
1,116 gcret, ) irrigation wells. o lanes, im provem ents loo num er ous to m ention! A ssu m a b le fin anc*, win dr vide 
K M Locators al T im 
6 A t it -11M 667 t il l 

?34 (MMS FOA MNT 
(TTT pT ToTg ToTUurus, I* acres, utilities 131 2741, )1)-6|47 

H ir e r * 7 ? , < ■ * 1 

N ew B r a u n f o ls filii C o u n t ry proper tv 6c hoet A Assoc R eoil. 
*4/ 
6 
Seguin 
N 
Braunfels 

LOCY STAGGS 12? U M 
N O R IN TOW N B K A t TY 

4*oo166 ANR M M I 

J K • CONNM CUl h H ffllY 

SUI____________________ 

 m n White BO near Loot eta 
SI I that Re spondee atty 466 6667 
*« AW E- bunding Mw * carn* 
236-4117 
J A M u 

E M A IL 
CBM 
I#1 t il t 
1668614 

Bt4M B state 

Beautiful b ric k h e m * in tre a t location, aortoct tor home-eftico operation l l I attice all paneled 
M A C B E A L B 5 T A T E 81» It l l 
HWY 9D WEST 
147 Acres, lust outside of 1484 
Only 61/88 per aero including im provom gnts 
Minis, netter I McBride lac Reabors 
733 8182 a t a g u f r P u i " » o r."o 'i w 
* 
Now voconf se you con slack os you (noose Groat N S location 
R O H D E 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
686-III I. 

INCOME PROPERTIES 
I cooee office building in groat location 
M asonry conotriKtutn 
IB 's 

Dupiei ane I bedroom, one I bo b ro o m 
F u r n is h in g go w ith 
O'ope r Ty M T 7 » I jai, 8)4JM T 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R li s l e / ) Anytim e n y r n i ? ----------------- 
I units, estonia! White colum ns 
Summ er perches Easy rent 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 8)8 2521 n r y ~ T I T T" l W 
B T F I T T I s h o p 
G row ing with tho neigh bor hood Located tog H ow ard In 
N ew B r a g a fa t s. Tx 
C o n ta c t le y to F ie e m a a H i 468 8818 or 
664 1154 
6* 
B a rb a ra 
West et m 813 7861 

Lease; L a rg e w arehouse, brae- litany new. in Leon Springs on SP 
T roc ks. for info 924 3917 l 6 o P 41o AT B A N D E R A r 6 a O 
V A R E H O U S E S O F F IC E S S T O R E : 
3743 C O LO N Y O R IV E R E T A IL 
O W N E R DI4-1326-OI3-7114 
Most Central o.-il accost 
M od e rn office, show room , w ar­ ehouse, 168o lo 15oo sa ti. Reo- sonoble 226 6631, 823 747*________ 
Need exlro warehouse spore for storing rarely needed a rticle s? 
We have 24oo sa ti thai tits the j bill 149 1424______________________ 

NEW RETAIL CENTER 
: N I I A 
23.ooo cars per day 
M E D IU M 
TO 
H IG H 
IN C O M E 
A R E A i Finished sauce 45 P E R SO FT, 
FO R IN F O R M A T IO N 
222 2282 
R O U T H A CO 
NW Prim e Shopping Centers 
West Hildebrand 
Vance Jackson 
B o ss* Rood 
Reasonably Priced! 
71S o9*1 or *96 7777 
O F F IC E W A R E STOU S E ' ' tro ilh | side. Neor airport 1o8o and 1157 sa ti 
Jim 
Via 
R E A L T O R S 
349 4274 
O F F IC E W A R E H O U S E space for lease, competitive rentals, airport oleo Call 34) ??4) 
Office Warehouse 
And Yard Space 
A v a ila b le 
A il or p art with or without Secretory 455 45o5_______ 
Office warehouse shoo, milt- Loop 
418 G IH l l $288 mo 484 388o 

 r T t a7^ O k p R O C E S f i b N A L 
Se rvice s. 188o sq ti b uilding, 
2 story cen tral a ir heat, new ly remodeled, entries trom Broad way and A vg B L arg e o o rkin g area S IO per sa ft Other Broad way office space avail 128 4885. 
834 1644 
Small bldg cent roily located, ideal for office, sm a ll item outlet, cle a n e rs, food lo go. etc i l l 
F iv d e rn k sb u iq Rd, 7)1 37o1 

S P A C E F O R L E A S E 
H E L O T E S S H O P P IN G C E N T E R 
ON B A N D E R A RO 
*742181 or *86 3447 

I t t i i id . Ft , I story brick bldg cant air h«ot Ample narking Ex cellenl term s 8524 N New Braun- leis 836 3686 or 816-BBI). 
Sa F I W arehouse. Dock nigh loading, 148 Fredericksburg. at Culebra 344 8246 or 34 3 oo84 
WAREHOUSE SPACE 
8,888 sa ti new m asonry building, tor sate, near expressway, easy terms for strong buyer 
9 88b sa ti , M asonry building, for lease, month to month or long form 
P E A C O C K R E A L T O R S . 834 o511 

WAREHOUSES 
A L L S IZ E S A L L A R E A S 
LOW (entail Jack Alter 342 4151 
IJ T w C ya re **, suitable radio. 
TV, bgMgrwt, etc s ilo mo 
734)27o 
F O T f V E a u ip p e d , a ir c o n d i­ tioned leu nae for Lease 22 ) 7649 

24o CDKMiaCltl fBBPfRfY amma 

 m o u n t a i n '7 i i w 1 i i i i r r r a ? ith ooi trees t one a c re 
H M E - 
"PSQ." SMM 

242 
MHNtSTItlAl PROPERTY 

FOR SAIF 

'I 'i m u i v i i i t n r ! T T c r T a n d up. Zoned I t; fully developed 
V I P Park Eesy term s 4J3 1489 

J R O fflH S M H (Bl U M I 

T u - i . t n u i t i r i a u D t 
In grow ing N W seder R co tom, hie raid* areolet I A 
Butters 
Assoc 
1921 N W IM 18 *94 3886 
— r n r a a w n g H T i .— 
4 ream suit* 
Reasonable R L 
Stewgrl, 826 l i lt ti48 Bm udw g» 

( M e n a n Office Space 
F U B N la d U N F U B N 
B r ady. w e ts ar m tm ih We g ra v id # a receptionist an sw e rin g service god secretarial service 
E X E C U T IV E O F F IC E 6 V S T g M i 
828 >888 Ste M d 1*88 N E L64B 411 

2o2 A V E M A R IA 
1 bedroom rock duplex, garage, I adult, no pets, $!2S, bills paid 
References 8244166 
2 B E (3RO O M A PT IM O mo 55o deposit, i l l School St 
I 
J bedroom opt, bills pd 826 2596 
595 Adults 1571 Contour 
J bedroom, close bus. Jefferson, ' 
Shopping, nice, Cleon 734 5833 
I B e d ro o m Cottage, S U O m o w a te r pd 
73o E 
G r a y s o n . I 
224 TOSI. 633-o518 
I 

I bedroom in quiet 4piex with air and carpet, S1o8 mo w oter ad. neor SAC prep 711-894o__________ 
1 Bedroom , wall to wall carpet, upstlrs. 
51)o 
1)4 
E 
Quincy, 
923 / III 
Bills pd I bedroom *135 Oellcres' 
Clr, 648 3399 or 696 o446 frills pd, 841 Pl 
S I 
M o r v 's , I rooms, redecorated, near Sears, 
535 week; 
5)4o mo 
224 o429, 
73) 128o 
C A ^ f L E M IL L S A R E A 
5231 Bianco, townhouse apts, 1-2 
I bedroom, 2 baths, turn unfurn All 
| brits ad M i n t ) . 
CO ZY 4 Room Apartm ent Ideal j tor couple 4)5 1o81. 
-.D O W N T O W N PO ST O F F IC E * 
2 blk* Air, J rooms, carpet, cleon new decor quiet Mature lady pre ferred 126 McCullough 824 7781 
825 E Carson. U s Bills pd Dep 
POV later 227 45o4 n o E 
Croig, efficiency! large kitchen. gos-water pa 
59o 
' 831-95)3. 
Efficien t#!, air, bus. shoos 536 wk S i l l mo up Bills od Section 
I 534-34o1, 434-9645 
E n jo y The gentle p a re OI lh * 
B o a rd w a lk 
Sp end yo u r atter noons chatting with friends during a gam e of bridge Close lo Won d erland or C entral P a rk M a ll 
Catch a bus to anywhere Join our community where all ogee share the good lite. 
35)4 West Avenue 349 4281 
S o rry Giltingwafor Cb f r e ¥ T I r v Tc 1------------ 

APARTMENT FINDERS 
824 6351 _ _ _ 
FREE SOUTHSIDE 
LOCATOR SERVICE 
Efhciences, T-l ond 3 bedroom s, turn or unturn 531-13o8 
^'ree u tilitie s A ttra c tiv e ba rhetors efficiency Carpet, bar 
Neor Ft Sam It IO month 824 6781 i i i } furnished I bedroom Apts, 
Air, COH Any D ay or E v e s 7:38 
A M 
9 P M 3)3 t ill 
It ! i i Fur n ille d I bedroom Apt 
Air, I Blk! Kelly Call Any Day Or 
Night 7 a rn 
IO p rn 922-8634 l i H G rant A ve att B lan co F J bedroom s, cen tral air, no chil drabbets, bdls ad 713 1211 
Kei-Xoc 4)o7 L a n c in g central air, 1-3 bedroom s 6288. bills paid 
674 6887; 161-8311 la rg e t bedroom apt Wear Lock 
•and Completely turn. *168 me 
Water Pd 466 4349 
JI Ti L i t M A IL I room garage apt. Path air, waler pd. couples no pets *95 
— u v r a ' f ' t t * e m L f * s ' ■ 
G R O U N D L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N O E U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S A P T S 
ITH E 
SO U T H C R O SS 
614 1o8* 
~ m fe'f l TT"4'5u~S¥ " 67 r o W f S W U " 
M O D E R N E F F IC IE N C Y F U R N 
5128 Id S il l JU 4TH ST 2)6 7113 
M O T IL iffic ie n c y Apartm ents ond R o o m * t v D a y , W eek or 
M o n th . 
o12-8113. 
P E 4 -o 7 6 7 , 
L E ) 8152. CA7-4782. N e a r Ft 
I je w T G I-UBT. 
Near gracksMtlRi Parti 
F u rn,*hed efficiency o K brits pd 
715-4768 
N l T g - Ft "io n s ana J iw n t o . n large I bedroom turn apt. 6148 water pend 
7)4 fc 
G rayson 
; 338 461* 
Woof PT'! $om I bedroom , tuft, 
(loan, r* rn ort ere <t I S U I mu water 
Pd lio n Poptg *86 3731, 4*6 5131 w n n r T T T u t ------------- 
N ict efficiency apt carpal, air, water gas Rd 6*5 824 816* g n r r r m u ------------- 
Nice I b, ()> uum opt Water pd 
Couple with child, SU S 814 *169 

NO L E A S E R E Q U IR E D 
Neor Ft. Sam and downtown. E f­ fic, Apts. BHH Paid, *89 per mo 
22/ 47o1 1954 E Houston_________ 
North Central Location, E lm ir a 1 ond M cCullough and IH I*. Near bus, a d u lts o n ly. 
N o pets 
Fu rn ish e d I bedroom , upstairs, 
W ater pd 5)15. with dec 6 M o 
Leose 226-51o1 atter 6 and wee kends, 696 o73o__________________ 
North central 3 room apl, waler pout 736 3o38____________________ 
NORTHEAST NU LEASE 
A ttra c tiv e 
I b e d ro o m . dishw asher, shag, pool. Bills pd 
5165 ond up. $25. Dep IO Min, Ft 
Sa m 
321o E I S E N H A U E R oft 
H arry W uribach 822 t it s 
O L M O S P A ^ K , clean I bedroom, carpel ond drapes, close to bus and shopping. Atter 5 and wee kends 816-11S8. 
I. I or 3 Bedroom apts 1745 Mu! berry, Call 432-95o 
P A N A M A P A R T M E N T S 
56o2 B IE N V IL L E D R off Weidner rd Modern I Bedroom. 653 2663 

PECAN VALLEY 

Coll Club Apts. 
345o E SOUTHCROSS 
333 9o2o 
Roommate Apo<'m» "> M r ', -' 
We hove several people looking for a co m p atib le person. C oll 
Matchm aker Int 344-1135________ 
Sm all apl , no pets, or children, gas water pd 733 7o77___________ 

SOUTH CENTRAL 
I Bedroom. Unturn. 5125 
I Bedroom, Furn, 514o 
1 
2-Bedroom. Unturn bl SO. 
2-Bedroom. Furn 617o 
C e n tra l heat a ir, e x tra la rg e rooms, near South side Glob# 
927 592o s"ouTh Sid e I bed ro o m a p ts. carpeted, pool, close to shopping schools. All bills ad 5175. 3735 ; 
Pleosonton Rd 927 46o), 621 1383 

SOUTHSIDE SINGLES 
St??. MO. FURN. 
B ra n d new elegant etticiences, pool, sh a g carpel, big closets, fantastic kitchen R o b in s N est 
Apt 538 Mot Wells Blvd 533 o5)1 
Spacious i and $ bedroom s ideal for young m arrieds with a small child Th# Boardwalk otter s 3 be­ droom s unfurn for *29o 2 pools, club room ond laundry Close to 
Wonderland ond Central Park 
2534 West Avenue 349 42o3 
S o rry GtHingwater Ce 

I 
I 

I I 

L l 

GREENBRIER APARTMENTS 
(Ju*t off Broadw ay and Loop 41o, Clog* ta 
Crown Towor Bldg.) 

► LARGE I BEDROOM LUXURY APTS. $2oo. 

» REASONABLE MOVING ALLOW ANCE 

» Home like atmosphere • Party house 

* Pool • Adults only • Bills pd. 

Also 2 bedroom ap*s. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
828-42oo 

THE 
FOUNTAINS 

2 BEDROOM, 2 BATH 

LUXURY APT. 

FIREPLACE. FORMAL 

DINING AREA. DEN. 

1819 BABCOCK 

 t i } 
341-6842 

 l i l l / t d G 

N e a r 
K e lly -L a ck la n d 
AFB 
Limited number of ef­ ficiencies ond 
I -bedroom opts. N o w available 
58oo 
MEDINA BASI ROAD 
674-7oo4 

C O V E R E D P A R K IN G AT Y O U R 
DO O R 
Utilities paid. 2 Bedroom, 2 bath, closets you can't believe. 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
' 543 Babcock at NW Loop 41o 
341-2228 
O U P L E X , 814 Sutton, c e n tra l air heal, 1-1-1, carpet, drapes, like new, 514o 684-o748 

EDEN RDC APTS 
119 J A C K SO N K E L L E R 
Com fortable living. Y o u ’ll love our I or 2 bedroom apts, lust off; 
San Ped ro N e ar Central P o rk and N orth sta r M a lls No chil , dren, no pets Reasonable prices I 
828-4611. 
E X T R A !! 
Beautiful 2 bedroom, 2 bath. HOO sa ti. in q u ie t re sid e n t ia l 
- 
N o rth c e n tra l a re a 
P L U S en-j closed oarage Only $2o5 -t-elec 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
828-o681_______ 

F A N T A ST IC 
L u x u rio u s 2 b e d ro o m 2 bath, lo v e ly la rg e k itc h e n w ith lc e m a k e r, HOO sq It., N o rth central area, $26o bills paid 
A P A R T M E N T S U N L IM IT E D 
828-o681_______ 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
1235 E. M U L B E R R Y 
Luxury living at reasonable price 
I Lorge beautiful efficiency and I ond 2 bedroom apts Large pool. next door to Ft. Sam and 2 blk* 
1 from Brackenridge Golf Course j Se c o n d s fro m dow ntow n, m in i from N orth Star and W in d so r 
Park M olls 626-5o81 

TH E B E L K N A P A R M S A P T S 
3o7 W. M IS T L E T O E 
735-9264 
735-4891 
B Y A P P O IN T M E N T O N L Y 
1 -B e d ro o m , $22$. 2 -B e d ro o m townhouse, 123o sa ft., fireplace, l ’ i bath. 
5315. 
2 -B e d ro o m townhouse, 128o 128o sq.ft., I ' i both. 5325_______________________ 

THE TAHITIAN 
2-Bedroom, t bath, 522o 
3 Bedroom, 2 bath. 15oo sa ti 
129o 
The location is so conveniently located, a second car is not needed 
A L L U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
One Block To North Star M all 
1o2 B IR C H L E A F , 362-8385 

THE TARA APTS 
8o51 BROADWAY 
AN A P A R T M E N T 
Unforgettable as its name 
1-BED R O O M , $155 
2-B ED R O O M . 521o 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
824-oo61, 828-7393 
T O W N H O U SE P O O L S ID E 
3 Bedrooms, 2 baths, formal din inq, walk-in closets. Lorge polio, 2 covered parking at your door. 
T H E H E R IT A G E 
1543 Babcock at NW Loop 41o 
34) 2228 

V IL L A G E O A K S A P T S 
1-2 Bedrooms, and Etticiences 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
B O H N New Braunfels 618-424? 
W A L K IN G D IS T A N C E TO SAC 
Near Trinity, 5)15 per mo I be­ droom. *11$ per mo. 341-8134. 
494-3229 
3o1-o9-15 W. Magnolia 
A p a rtm e n ts fro m 
HO O a n d up N ear SAC. convenient shcp- pmg, bus tines Colt 733-9857. 

4o6 -HOUSES, DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
ID E A L LO C A T IO N 
2-B ED R O O M S. Unfurn $2o5. 
U T IL IT IE S P A ID 
215 Jackson Keller 
824-9871 

IF YOU Q U A L IF Y 

I minute to IH-1o. 

P riv a te a d u lt a n d fa m ily 

 section. 
6 9 o -1 7 o o 
49o9 Woodtlong Drive 

TALLYHO 
MOBILE HOME INC. 
3581 N O R T H P A N A M 
232 121* 
__________ M O W F B I. 8-6 
I 

TENDER LOVING CARE 
C o vtre d walk w ay from cor Ie . apt laundry and mailbox area so i you w on't get drenched, larger ! room s se you wan t b a rk your shins 343-911) 826 1594 and see 
T N E K IN G ST O N A P T S 
22o) Vance Jackson For TLO 
Three con share a J ben room off. - at the Boardw alk for H IO each 
Poet, clu b room and la u n d ry 
Close to 
Central 
Pork and 
WdnBbrMHiB. 
15)4 Wast Avenue 349 4283 
B a rry Giliingwater Co 
T v Z M 6 N it6 i> iT) i 4 t U i t i f y 
G A R D E N P A T IO S 
C L U B R O O M S 
G Y M AN O S A U N A S 
12 I B E D R O O M S , l l B A T H S 
6175 la *278 B IL L S P A ID 
P A R K TO W N E A P T S 
4)6-4181 
N it B A N D E R A R O A D 
Between Hillcrest o nd Colloghon 
T t r r W ” 7ornoJSrTm Mr"T79<f"5 an 
P adret, J bedroom turn opt 6168 water od 826 7tt) j n - y T o u V I Tond, cle an I b t 
Ut aum water ad near bus, SD S me Oep required, Call tor ap vm nlm iBl Til loot Of 22 ) 4644 

WHY SETTLE FOR LESS or ever pay 
W IL S H IR E APTS. 
Block of Ft Sam North Gate 
8)69158, 8261594 n t w ^ A f c i -------------- 
ON S Flore* end S E M ilitary Or 
I Bedroom, air. carpel, water od 

4o4 APARTMENTS UNfURN 

 s r a n T T g 
V 6 U 1 — s e t : 
H O M E ! Lovely Townhouse, only 
I IOO down S IN monthly H U R R Y . 
Only 
I fofl! 
9)2 1786, 47M 7I4, 
67676*9 
FA T M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 

 a t T A o r i P u r w i v t a l i v i 
Lore# fit# * covered terrace, ) bedrooms, t or I oaths forte cie sets, evadable Fee let t h e h e r i t a g e 
164) Babcock al HW L O M 418 
M I JJM 

 k L k c « c l i 

♦ 
" 
• 
M 
I * a p a r t m e n t s 

F r a * U tilit ie s 

C ountry Living ,n tho C ity 

> bagroom A p h . new available 
6 mite* north of loop *1 o on Babcock turn left et Springtime 

6 5 4 2 S p r i n g B r a n c h 

6 9 o - 1 4 6 o 

I, 2, ond 3 bedroom 
Apt*, furnished or Unfur­ nished 
(St 
11721 Poriiem gnt 

3 4 9 -3 )4 9 

1 Bedroom-1 Bath 6142-6199 
2 Bedtoom-1 Botn *159-6221 
) Bedroom 3 Bath 6179-6244 
All utilities. Central Air ond Heat, 
R efrigerator, Range. D isp osal 

Across Kelly, I bedroom, clean. private *81 Wotar Pd. 615-4164 
! 712 B A IL E Y . Southside 4 rocm duplex Neor school 6161233 
1 2 Bedroom house, in rear, posi­ tively no children, ne pets, Utiii- hes pd 57o mo. *3 6 7466.________ 
B ric k 2 b e d ro o m nom e. S 
S. 
Sears, 5165 6*6-3344 or 646-8644 
Clean 3-2, I mi to North Star Mali. 
5185, water pd, 828-6987 
C onvenient I bd rm , carpeted, goroae, bills ad, only ID S 
United, 735-4 t i I, tee (418-)) 
Cutest I bedroom guest house. 
__ 
, u . . lo v e ly n e ig h b o rh o o d , m a tu re 
Draperies. TV Antenna. Storoge man. biti! od 5138 736o1o7 
Units and M ore Approxim ately r .. 
.1; _ . 1 
— 
Approxim ately 
IS Minutes trom M ilitary Bases 
4168618 
N I * Roosevelt Ave 
Jeff areo, 2 bed room s, adults, I appliances, on. i n s 734 2476 
LA B A N D E R A A P T S 
L U X U R Y I and 2 bedroom opts 
1)71 B A N D E R A R P 433 3)14 
L IV E B E T T E R FO R L E S S ! 
G R O U N O L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
F U R N OR U N F U R N 
E X C E L L E N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H L A N D H IL L S APTS. 
N I I t SO U T H C R O SS 
534 18o1 

T h e 
C o u r t y a r d / 

2 B d r m a n d 

3 B d r m . A p t s . 

Family A Adult Ar aa* All 
Electric Kitchens laundry mss in each Budding Out fide Storage 
NorthsnJe 
School District Buses to AM 
Schools 

4 4 1 1 G a r d e n d a l e 

696-4892 

 r - HILLTOP ^ 
VILLAGE INC. 
HILLTOP CIRCLE 
KERRVILLE, TX 78o28 
512-257-7911 

A Methodist Ministry to the aging, providing 3 levels of core; Retirement, (C M I, ICF 
III. Retirement root et tarting of $ 2 4 ! month. N u rsin g ta tes starting at $ 3 3 5 month 

LOGHILL APTS 
New I bedroom , la rge w olk-in closets. Northwest. 614o up Ask tor Lennie Thpm as 341 s u i or 
366 4)14 evenings and wegKepfl* 
L O V E L Y I bedroom, near Kelt*. 
Only 695 month Call 534 8824, 
C E N T e U R Y 21 
W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 

I ft R TOWNHOUSE 
2 Bedrooms, air hoot S IM Water pd Patio 159 El Mimeos ire No pets H I 8*46. 444 5*78. 624 4227 
L U X U R IO U S A D U L T L IV IN G 
I Bedroom. 2 Bath Townhouse 
W IL L IA M S B U R G 
S O U A R E 
A P T S 
M S W ) 
N e w ly d e co rate d , c a rp e te d I bdrm agt. historical King William argo. 314 M adison sloe 33*16*7 
Narthsidg, clean, m odern. 2 be broom opt Stove, rgfrig Privacy. 
S ID 6261766 

WINDCREST 

APARTMENTS 

 luxury living rn Northeast 
San Antonio 

FRO M $ 21 5 

6 5 6 -o 1 1 2 
M 3 5 W ILLM O N W A Y 

Deiicrest 2 bdrm, fenced, air, na lease, just sits, coil 
United, 7)5 9)2), tee 
436-1) 
Duplex, near Ft. Sam, I bedroom, 
I bath, fencad, wotar ad, 695 mo 
8262722_________________________ 
D U P L E X W oodlaw n lake araa, 
I bedroom , t-bath. wotar paid 
545.oo 635-o651___________________ 
F O R L E A S E split level Contam 
! p o rary in Terrell H ills-)-3-lorga loving praos AH Schealt. *26)349 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
126 8673 Anytime 
H ig h la n d s, J b e d room house, i separate dining, a ir unit, w all heat, *175 mo. *75 Dog I Children 
, ( c w t *d Bu? 412 5*25____ _____ 
K id s, pats w elcom ed tie r# ' 2 
I bdrm, do) garage, lust U SS 
United, 7)5 op t, foe I* ? ? i) 
Large J bdrm, screened parch, hreprice, kids, pets OK, SD S 
United, 735-4121, foe 
6o8 3) 
J Large room. turn. Ouptex. *148 all bills ad On Woodlawn bus line. na children or pats 732 78)o 
I 176 Meodow T ra il (SW I, 6-2, air. fence, garage *25o 626 74D 
M O B IL E H O M E. 2 bedroom lur 
I m ined, w asher ond d ry e r 
A ll i utilities aid 
61 SS 
122-1662. j Anytime 

WBRTHEAST MALTY 
J M O N T H S L E A S E 
Im m aculate 3-2 ) heme, F U R N 
C O M P L E T E With fireplace. Cen­ tral heal on. Ne. choice location. 
6)98 mo plus 61oo 
Dep 
Call 
*561714 

N O RTH ST A R SA N P fiO R O 
L u x u r y 2 b e d ro o m . I * a both townhouse Electric kitchen, cor­ bet, p riva cy patio, utilities od, 
________________ __ 
*248 ma 
M O R R IS 
R E A L T Y , » Or a 2 bdrm with fireplace, car 
*668*16 

L o t u s f i n d y o u r s - — 

2 4 H r . 
TOWNHOUSf APARTMENT 

L O C A T O R S 
8 3 E O B E I f i l l — 
N e c h a rg e to yow 

 foe h i i iM le u k m ape hnmtm §" ’ 

4 p w itiM tt£ l_ 
VmKmM 

• • • • • • • D M 

• WMlflflO-SIUOUtt • 
APIUM! NT! 
• 

 idcully iwete* rn bullet* I, J, and I bebloom IIM ie 
B R USO de tertei r.resi hem 
^ berth Stet MeN 

o 
I S M W AKEFIELD 

Z 
3 44 -4 5 5 1 

« • • • • • • • 

 j pated near to town, SD S 
United. 736-4D1, fog 
433 ?) 
I N Reef Ridge (Lackland. Kelly) 
61, n .f fenced. 614o »2e-7t)3 
[ 18)7 Son Pedro, 2 roam upper. newly redone, water pd 
S II* 
713 3646____________________ _ 
Smpii house, has den, fenced loc pats, air, 61*8, Coll 
United. 73$ T D I, tee te n ?) i t l l S 
S k ip p e r (O lm o s G alt 
Course), 62, air, garoge. 626* 
! 8)6781). 
7919 Stagecoach I Westwood Vit­ iate). J I, garotte, central, 6196 
6)6 >41) 
_________________ 
D U W B in g y T i ream s, new ly redone Bills pd SD S 732 754* 

NEAR SAC 
I I B a rm s to 

T e a t >8)17 f i t * u t '’U L * 

 fc the and I Barm s, turn SIE 
>118 Poplar st Apts » 3 6 6 8 5 ^ B 
Nice. ciaun'eurng# e st fuAy iurn bills paid. near latter m n area 
Prefer newlyweds Of bec holer 
7)586*8 i l k * eely J ream ‘H H B R P r S T foMy fora. parting, gin* pp ID ft A ctg** tram Hawdv Andy gad 
M C A 287 i t alogian 21**864 

APARTMENT HOME 
£ (elusive. Over m ess heated peel 
Country style site hen All the lux aries et lb# mast discrim inating heme Quiet resideelioi urea Carl 
62* IM I 
S a a p a r t m e n t l o c a t o r s 
Ol A U T i r U t Yea# U.UVO Apis Tn ear pen Com plex near tra ch e a r-dee bk T rin ity u and Daw n 
■awn View et C d f Peen le u ad r • 
M odern and cornier le g it M ea a fa r. M U L B E R R Y T E R R A C E 
A A T * D i l l M ulberry 8)1 64)6 

> bedroom duplex agt. Water wit, t ilt t it U N 
B«d7oe**r*ffic leis* y. c ie g E 'jigr lect condition, 9)1 w 
H uisacbe 
Available 
) I sib, 
7)5 Oat* 
IM >D7 

I b id i sum S ib * me I t a dream. SIO* me AM foils pd 
D e b r e p a ir e d 
T H E 
T i m b e r s a p t s 
N e a r 
Brands A F B 
461 U T O P IA , m o t t o 

» 

I 

C T r n convenient, t edb tr.'tnwer. at bu* step H IO S ) * 

CLOUOtMVEN APTS 

 i i i C L - o u o H A v c N 
Very nice 4 B o d 'aam opts located lust behind shaker s P in e off the 
Austin Hwy 6)o loos el 4)6 58o! 

CONVENILNCL l e w 418 Vance Jackson Rd 
P A R K L IK E O R O U N O t 
) RO OR O U M S ilt R IL L S PO 
P A R K D A L E A P T S N I ftbt ti sc» K »ue WSM to in riel • i eats! m w * 
I A il I t s 1o66 

O AK H IL L S V IL L A G E 
Apartments and Townhouses 
SH S Up 1847 Babcock 34647)6 

OFF S U N S E T R O A D 
S ite for new I bedroom apart men! with central oir. 74t» Teak 
H I S D S 
SPECIAREAtJQRS 

ON A H IL L O V E R L O O K IN G SA N 
A N T O N IO L a re s I bedroom , ) bath, covered pi oat terrace 
TH E H E R IT A G E 
164) Babcock at NW Loop n o 
HI-2228___________ _ 
Quiet lovely, targe 2 bedroom, all electric kitchen, wood b u rn in g 
. . . fireplace Just oft 418 and Bab 4o8 HOMES DUPLEXES cack, near Mad Cantar Oak Hills n w b io , o u r u A ld 
Arms, m 
JJU , H 4 82 IS __________ 
REGENCY HOUSE 
Wtfoewgf V flVw vw 
I a n d 2 B e d ro o m e g ti, b ro * tigieustv Mealed en H arry W a n - 1 been across from FT s a m Gelt 
C o u rse 
F ro m S I I * , b ills bd 
1)6)861. 816-ME*. 828-Mil 
) room upstairs apl, near bus line for aurei couple or smote person i 
6)17*81 
I 

S E C U R IT Y 
PLUE 
Aoli. of Distinction 
EHiciencios 
1 end 2 bedroom s 
Furnished end Untarnished 
T H E V IL L A F O N T A N A 
111 B R A C K E N R ID G E A V E 
(O FF 2788 R R O A O W A Y ) 

 ufiflJHNiSHED 

 i i i t m 

LEASE/OPTION 
O w n e r anxious to rent or sell M oc Arthur High, 3-2- 

2, $ 3 5 o mo or $ 3 4 ,5 o o 

W e hove Severn! cfoon ran 
•als in the Northeast from 

$ 2 7 3 up 

O iv e u s rn caff t o d a y I 
121-6391, ANYTIME 
IOLIMFoWENS, 
KAHOE*-MU 
I LOO# OFC 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS 
Large • end I Bedroom * 
F R O M I D I 68 (F U R N S IM I 
■ tis V A N O k R U E C K SIS J Is* ■ 

A A A A A A A W 
I M R e e lin g ' blee forewing cash ew er! Own g nice hem e O nly » )** to *6*8 down. tram l l s * Ie *1*8 a m onth Ne 
Credit? O K I f A l M i y j V R I A L > 6 t A l b 

 f it - * # # * p*g*4|nn * t te x ts * a n # t i e ! j J B J B e m e , h o n u a n y t i m e 

L 

I 

EXPRESS-NEWS BONUS ABS 

 m 
HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

RENTALS NOW 

AVAILABLE 
NORTHWOOD I FABK NOC TM 

3 2-2 * • fomily room hreplore 
Ft Som kitn 3 (leon npnrt?nt , ; 
• rent reosonoble! h ■ 
824-23 91 
I jU rA 
Aintiii Hwy. Oft. 

TOCS-CNS 

 rn rn rn 
Ik LINES 
IO DAYS 
S 
NON COMMERCIAL! CO 4% B _ I A L A 
A 
CANCELLABLE 
A 
A 
S 
11 I O 
W 
W 

 r a t e C h a n g e 
QUICK RESULTS! 

M c A rth u r 3 b d rm w ith den. c o r­ bet. kids. bets O K, *725 
U nited. 735-T H I, tee (6o8 1) 
NE 3 -r j- l, o il a p p lia n c e s , fen ce d, t m 
ABA-■)126.__________ 
N e a r Et. Sam, J b e d ro o m hom e, lo rp e Yard, 226 4 8*8_____________ 
N e ar Ft. Sam . 2 b e d ro o m , I b ath , fenced. SOO 828 2722 

5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUWITIES 
5o1 BUSINESS OPPORTOIWTIfS 
Raise CHINCHILLAS 
For PROFIT! 
J 

San A n to n io EXPRESS-NEWS — S unday February 13 1 9 7 7 
Page I S C 

SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

N e a r K e liv , I b e d ro o m , c le a n , p riv a te , bus. *69 435 9144 

A A A A ID E A 
W h y re n t? O w n y o u r ow n 3 b e ­ d ro o m . H o m e s a ll o v e r Son An- fo n io . A p p ro x im a te ly *2oo to to l m o v e in P a ym e n ts less than re n t 
675 1691, 623 572o. 674 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E 
A BIG C H O IC E of 3 o r 4 b e d ro o m hom es w ith den, ca rp e t, b u ilt ms b e a t a ir, to re n t, leose w ith option to buy, o r ow n y o u r ow n hom e 
42oo-555o m o Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til 8 pm 
Choice of 3-4 bed ro om hom es to re n t 
L ea se w ith o p tio n to b u y 
O wn y o u r hom e N O W ' *19o lo SSOO mo. 
G ASE B A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
69(3 899o E ves 696 88o5, 342-77i 2 
: KEY GROUP 

A c r o s s fro m St 
M a ry s U 
2 1, dS i65, p lu s d e p o s it. 127 C o iq a te 
,E (! K io lb a sso 1-852-2492._______ 

-A la m o Hts, 2-1-1, paneled, so po r 
(.Ate dm inq, stud y, fenced 
U nited. 733 9121. fee (6o9 1) 
7 and 3 b ed ro om s hom es, fenced, la rq e y a rd , $1o5 SISO. 653-2523 a ft 
.^5.______________________________ 

A nice 2 b e d ro om , J b ath d up le x, a ll e x tr a s , n o r th o t 41o a n d 
C e n tr a l p o r k , $19o 
526 S o u th 
T ra il, 344 3113___________________ 

A n ic e 
J b e d ro o m d u p le x , a p p lia n c e s $135. 
O ft St. C lo u d ) 
813 John A dam s. 344-3113. 
____ 

A v a ila b le N ow , 4 b e d ro o m . H o r m o n y H ills , w a lk to schools, $34o m o F o r D e tails. 494 7618 
_ 
A V A IL A B L E 
NOW N E W 
A L L 
B R IC K 
3 2-2 w ith f ir e p la c e , b u ilt- in s . fe n c e a n d d ra p e s 
L e a s e $33o 
■N orthw est lu st inside Loop 41o 
O O R SE Y R E A L T Y 
659 147o__________________ 681 3o72 
2 b d rm , 2 b ath d uplex NW 
TE X A S A P T LO C ATO R S 
349 3685 » NO F E E 

B E A U T IF U L 3 2 2, c e n tra l a ir , I c a r o e t in q , fe n c e d y a r d , N E 1 
Schools, b u ilt-in a p p lia n ce s, $285 m o 655 o212- 653 3168____________ 
B ea u tifu l 3-1-1. den, appl, c a rp e l- I ed, a ir, fenced. $165 Call 
U nited, 735 9121, tee (654 2) 

3 Bedroom, 2 bath 
C o n tro l h e o t-a ir. S ie rra N o rth oft 
N a coq d och cs Rd Close to Thou sand 
O aks 
$225. 
B re n n e r 
Co 
344 3471___________________________ 

4 B ed ro om . 2 b o th , fen ce d 
B est 
S c h o o ls , a n d lo c a t io n . $195 
344 1118, 344 2511_________________ 
3 b e d ro om . 2 b o th d u p le x 
N e a r 
L a c k la n d - K e lly $78o mo. 
344 62o7. 684 433o 
D e a n ic O w pns C o ____ 
3 bedroom . 2 b ath , den w ith fire p la c e . N E s c h o o ls , fe n c e d a n d 
•.ap p lia nce s 
C o ll a fte r som , 
344 n i l __________________________ 

1 bed ro om d u p le x . N E , den, $14o m o P re fe r single 878 5938______ 
2 B E D R O O M S , file both, h ea t and o ir, stove and r e friq e r o to r, g a r aqe v o c a n i No c h ild re n , n o n e ts 
2 b lo c k s o ff F re d e ric k s b u rq Rd ond B abcock $145 m o 
732 7987STEVE M AR T IN 735 o825 
3 I 7. Biq k itc h e n , b re a k fa s t room , se parate dm in q. den. o atio , m o n y oth e r e x tra s s84 8198 
__________ 

$13o* SI 58. 
B LA N C O RD ond BASSE RD 
I 2 B ed ro om s Gas W a te r Pd 
6831 B A S S W O O D 342 37o2 
C am elot ll (T h e G le n ) 
L o ve ly 3 2, $275 m o n th 822 3o41 
C e n tra l w e a th e r, 3 -1 'c -t, c a rp e t ed. appl, p riv a c y fence, k id s pets 
OK 
U nited, 735 9121. fee (611-1) 
471$ C heddar 3-2 den n ice 
. $26o 
B A R N E BE Y A G E N C Y 
341 4455 
C L E A N , c a rp e te d 3 b e d ro o m 
-4175 m o 
C o nve n ie nt bases. 
696 742o 
W A Y N E S L A T E R R E A L T O R S 
C L L A N R E N T A L S 
3 B E D R O O M , ra n qe . re friq 
$185 I 
3 B E D R O O M (N o rth w e s t) 
. $165 : 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 653 o55o 
Colonies N o rth L o v e ly 3-2-2, den, 
$35o 342 79o4 
_______________ 
C O M F Y N C O Z Y 
E c o n o m ic a l 3 b d r m , w ith a p - j alienees, fenced b a c k y a rd , patio, I n e a r n o rth s id e e le m e n ta ry o nd m id d le s ch o o ls. L a c k la n d a re a 
$155 m o 
RED CARPET 
P R O P E R T Y M A N A G E M E N T 
671 *o18__________________ 681 o46o 
Couples dehorn spacious 2 b d rm . has appl. den, a ir, fenced, $185 
U n ited , 735 9171, fee (6o8 2) 
527 D a w n v ie w . b e a u tifu l 3 be d ro om , I b ath , w ith fenced y a rd , a ir . a p p lia n c e s , a v a ila b le F e b 
77nd. $19o m o 655 7458. a p p o in t m en) o nly 
OO YOU W ANT to re n t or buy a 3 o r 4 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith d e n , b u i l t i n * , c a r p e t , h e o t - o ir ? 
$2oo *6oo m o C all 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o755 til I pm 

D u p le x , NW 
2 2 1. c e n tra l h e a l- a ir, ca rp e t, la u n d ry c o n n e ctio n *. 
* 2oo w o te r Pd 432 3882__________ 
172o E L M O N T E *1 4o , 5 ro o m s . w o te r p o id 828 5492 $5o deposit 
E x e c u tiv e 
P re s tig io u s o re o hom e. 3-2-2, fo r ­ m a l liv in g d in in g , den, a ll lu x u ry fe a tu re s, o pp ! o nly 653-4584 

N E A R L A C K L A N D . N ic e 3 b e ­ d ro o m h o m e , h a s a ir a n d a p ­ p liances. *165 p e r m o 474 5411 
RED CARPET 

N e a r n e w ! 3 - 1 'j- l. a ll m o d e rn conveniences, ju s t $189? Coll 
U nited, 735 9121, fee (621-2) 
N e a r St. M a r y 's U. 2 b e d ro o m hom e, s e p a ra te fo m ily ro o m , a ll e le c tric k itc h e n , ca rp e te d , fenced 
Shown by appt. *25o m o 342-4228 
9 5, 342 1o1o O fter 6 

N E 3 b d r m , a ll b u ilt- in s , p lu s re e fe r, a ir, fenced, $165 
U nited, 735 9121, fee (6o6 1) 
N E. cleon 3 b e d ro o m hom e, c a r­ peting, fenced y a rd $2oo mo. 
R OSSI R E A L T Y _________ 494 778) 
NE c o u n try 3 b d rm , c e n tra l air, opal, fenced. $135 
U nited, 735 9121, fee <6o9 3) 

KIE. Elegant 4 2 2 
H uge den w ith fire p la c e , lo fs of e xtras. 
$375 
653 3888 a fte r 
6, 
O w ner L R E A 
N ew NW hom e, 3-2. n e o r B e x a r 
Co. Hosp., w o ll to w o ll c a rp e t, a ll a pp lia n ces, fire p la c e 
*33o m o 
736-o771 

NEW 4 PLEXES 
1171o B E L A IR . OH L o c k h ill Set m o, I a nd 2 b e d ro o m s . *12o to 
$155. 349 7186, 733 7194, 432 774) 
641o N F L O R E S 
2 b ed ro om d u p le x , a ir h ea t, c a r p ort. $14o 
W o te r pd 
No pets. 
494 5678 
N ic e 2 b e d ro o m h o u s e , n e a r 
L A F B K A F B . 
C all 
O fter 
6. 
333-6499 
N IC E D U P L E X 
1o16 E v e n in g D un, m ile n o rth of 
C e n tra l P o rk M a ll 2 B e d ro o m . 
I ' ib a th , se p a ra te u tility , storag e 
G o rq e . Y a rd k e p t, w a te r p a id . 
$225. 737 14o4 
N o d e p o s it, no le a s e , I b d r m house, appl, o nly $65 
U nited, 735 9 )2). tee (6)9 2 ) 

N O R T H E R N H IL L S 
B ea u tifu l 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b ath s, den. e le c tric kitc h e n , c e n tra l h eat a ir, double q a ro q e . 
$785 
341-72o1 
R E A LT O R S 
_______ JO H N F L O U R N O Y 
N o rth sid e . 3 2, fa m ily ro o m , f ir e ­ place. s w im m in g pool, 2' i y rs old, w a s h e r d r y e r , r c f r ig , f r e e le r . 
$4oo per m o 494 3752____________ 
N orth w est, Sunset H ills , *275. mo. 
3 b e d ro o m s , I ' ’ b o ta s , c o v e re d patio, fenced b o c k y o rd . 696-4791 
NW 2-1-1, d p p l if needed, fen ce d 
(or kids. pets, ca ll 
U nited. 735 9)21. fee (4)o 2) 
O A K H IL L S , tw o s t o r y 4 2 2, 
L e a s e *37 5 m o 
A v a ila b le im m e d ia te ly 696-7546 
727 O L N E Y . 2-1-1, *155 
5147 V illa g e L a w n , J I CP. *175. 
7726 S tro llin g Lon e. 3-2-1, *215 
822 1552. A N Y T IM E 

NORTHEAST REALTY 
O ne b e d ro o m a p t in c lu d in g , ra n ge , d is h w a s h e r, re frig e r a to r. 
$135 mo 
344 42o7. 684 433o 
D c a n ie O w e n s C o __ 
O nly $115 fo r J b d rm . o ir. h e a l, fenced fo r kid s 
U n ited, 735 9121, fee (664 3)__ 
R e m o d e le d J I CP ond s to ra g e , w orkshed. a ir, fenced, $165 
U nited. 735 9 i2 i. tee (6 )5 n __ 

R E N T A L S 
WE H A N D L E 
Choice NE R e nta ls 
BUDDY UECKER 
874 7361, 1324 A ustin H w y 
R e n t by o w n e r. C a m e lo t to w n house, J b e d ro o m , 2' jb a th , c a r ­ petin g. c o v e re d p a tio . 7 c o r a or- age 
N E S cho o ls, n e o r W in d s o r 
M o il. R A F B , F t Sam , a v a ila b le m id M a rc h , *3oo m o. *2oo Den. 12 m o lease. 656 7758. 

UNIQUE MARKETING PROGRAM 

PART TIME OR FUU TIME 

 local distributor con moke protected monthly gross revenue of 5343? OO part time xnth a protected gross profit of 33’-s per cent (JU 44 OO, estimated) for an estimated 7 IO hours of work per week 
Assume business responsibilities within 6 to 8 weeks, (xpnnsion to full time business within short time possible Presently we o rt screening potential distributors for San Antonio 8 suburban oreos 

OUR PRODUCT SELLS ITSELF 

Tour function os a drstnbutor is simply restocking ond servicing retoil store accounts in shopping centers, molls and commercial areas, which 
Kimberly Brooke initially will secure for you Our Compony s products a i* sold by employees of these rebill stores so that you arc not directly in volved in sales 

QUALIFICATIONS 

We require a minimum distributor acquisition cost of SR79S OO You con utilise oui generous rebate twoorom to rapidly recoup your dislnbutorship acquisition cost or follow our planned exponurn progrnm to o full time business It you hove 7 IO hours available weekly and nm sincerely interested in having a port time or full rime business of your own and you con meet these qualifications 
CALL TOLL FREE 
MONDAY, TUESDAY A WfDNlSDAY ONIV, 9 A M YO S P M . I S T. 

FOS ADDIltONAl INFORMATION 
BILL FORBES 
1 - 8 o o - 2 2 3 - 7 5 9 5 o r 1 - 8 o o - 2 2 3 - 7 5 9 7 
KIMBERLY BROOKE 
SUITE 9 5 o 
6o 5 THIRD AVENUE, NEW YORK, N .Y . 1 o o 1 6 

 c 
EMPLOYMENT DOD 

 sot PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 
MOSTEK- 

Setting Industrial Standards in IC’s 

(w ith People!) 

M OSTEK C o rp o ra tio n , a p ro d u ce r o f a d va n ce d M O S IC ’s has im m ediate and fu tu re needs in the fo llo w in g area s. C a n­ didates should have strong technical skills and p re fe ra b ly I years o f experience in their a re a o f interest. 

GIANT 
SUPER SCREEN TELEVISION 

DISTRIBUTOR needed Mere s your chance lo gel in on the ground floor 

 of on indmtry that it Mire to revolution!!* home entertainment SO 

62 ' - 7'/?' GIANT SUPER SCREEN TV 5 that ore co compact thai they ore 

 ideal for in home Ute It fume o living room or family room into o 

 mini theater 
Think oheod 
There will he more lop rated movie* 

 shown on TV More great sporting events Mom shows ond events on 

 coble TV More home video accessories, electronic gomes, cameras, 

 recorders, oil of which con be used with GIANT SUPER SCR!EN TV It is 

 one medium where bigger is really belter 
Unlimited nimket for 

 homes, bors, motels, pino parlors, private clubs, etr Technical ex 

 penance is not requited Qualified individuals must moke n (ASH IN 

VESTMENT, secured by inventory Guaranteed sole by contract Coni 

 pony training in your oien Good credit ond or a strong financial 

 statement ore necessary tor bonk financing of your customers' 

 purchases, lf you wont the income of a big business, then wide us a 

 few facts about yourself Include phone number, street nildirss ond 

 areo desired, or, to expedite, tall Mi Russell tolled at (713) 333 3273. 
PRIDE INDUSTRIES l l IO NASA Rd. I , Ste. 2 o 2 
Houston, TX 77o 58 

ELECTRONIC TECHNICIANS 

Test e q u ip m e n t m a in te n a n c e a n d in 

 s ta llo tio n . 
K no w le d ge ' o f ECL lo g n a n d 

 h ig h speed d ig ita l system s m a n d a to ry 

 lig h t p ro g ra m m in g e x p e rie n c e p re fe rre d 

SENIOR ELECTRO 
MECHANICAL TECHNICIANS 

R e pa ir a n d m a in ta in a ll w a fe r p ro c e s s in g 

 e q u ip m e n t 
F a m ilia rity w ith d ig ita l lo gic 

 a n d b ro a d m e c h a n ic a l skills m a n d a to iy 

D ire c t e x p e rie n c e s tro n g ly p re fe rre d . 

Send returns to: 

PROCESS 
ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN 

E n g in e e rin g s u p p o rt to 
M O S w a fe r fa b ric a tio n 
T h o ro u g h b a r k g ro u n d in 

 c h e m is try , p h y s ic s , a r d ire c tly re la te d ex 

 p e n a n c e p re fe rre d . 

TEMPERATURE 
CALIBRATION TECHNICIAN 

C a lib ra te s o p h is tic a te d te m p e ra tu re m e a s u rin g e q u ip m e n t in c lu d in g 

 th e rm o c o u p le s 
E x p e rie n c e in c a lib ra tio n 

 a n d re p o ir o f p o te n tio m e te rs a n d d ig ita l 

 o n d a n a lo g c irc u its m a n d a to iy 

Employment M anager 
MOSTEK C orporation 

1215 W . Crosby Rd. 
Carrollton, TX 7 5 o o 6 

Squat O pportunity tmploymr M Z F 

SIO MONEY WANKO 

In need et *4.ODO lo *5.ooo to star t a b usiness W ill pay good in te re s t 
F o r m o re in f o r m a t io n , c o ll 
735 517) Ask lo r M i A y llu 

SI? INSTRUCTIONS 
<4p 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES 

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 

EXECUTIVES 
P re s tig io u s Corge H om e 
Loop 41o B abcock Rd 
S pe c ta c u la r C ity V ie w 
3 4 B edroom s. J B o th ' 
A ll The L u x u ry F e a tu re s 
O w n er L e a s in g For *6oo Mo 
C oll F o r A p p t 494 7237 (P M ) 
F e re u s o n 
H o m e s . 
S o u th s id e m o d e rn 2 b e d ro o m d u p le x e s , | lo re * cleon, c h ild re n a nd p et* I 
927 2874 
_____________________ 
I T 2, fire p la c e . 129o sq 
It . lik e n e w c a r p e t, I y r o ld . V o lle y I 
F o rg y arvo- NE Schools $3oo m o 
824 63o8. 816-8312_________________ : 
FOR LE A S E • C orge 2 b ed ro om s. 
2' t b ath s T o w n ho m *. L iv in g d in ­ in g , fa m ily a n d u tility ro o m s 
2 , ca r g arag e, fire p la c e , b ra n d new 
Y o rd c o re ta rn is h e d 
P o y o w n '■ u tilitie s P re s tig io u s G o lf C ourse 
S u b d iv is io n 
C o ll P A 
Y o c h e m , day 674 7*32. m tes ond w eekends 
826-6o71 
_________________ 
FOR R E N T d e lig h tfu l J 2 h om e A 
H Schools C e n tro ! o ir n ea t com p ie te lv re m o d e le d , fire p la c e in h y in g 828 1962 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
826 8*71 A n y tim e 
G et th is ) 2 b d rm house on I ac, fenced, only SIDO- k id s pets OK 
U nited. 71* k i l l tee (69$ 3) 
H o n e y m o o n e rs 2 b d l rn, ru s tic c h a rm , no leose, te n te d . *96 
U n .ted 73* 4111 tee (616 3) 
In d ia n C re e k , J l c o r p o r t . a ir , ra n g e , r e f r ig 
* 1 6 * p lu s d tp 
732 m r A fte r iP M _______________ 

K ids. pets O K. 2 b d rm , p it. heat, 
*16*. w o ter od. fenced u n ite d , 71* t i l l , tee 
*12 l l 
K irb y I P i t, c o n tro l a ir, »tove. no tea*e. p riv a c y tence, *17* 
U n ,le d 71* t i l l , tee (669 I) 

R E N T G O N E? OW N TH IS 3 I t in the G len C e n tra l a ir, *22* dow n, 
*2oo m o n th ly 
J A J R E A L T Y 674 8883 A n y tim e 
8o7 R IT T IM A N , I b e d ro o m , cen tro t heat, stove, re fn g . w a te r pd 
*9o 824 4912______________________ 
R IT T IM A N R D . N e a r W in d s o r 
M a ll, 3 b ed ro om s, I 1) b ota s, cen 
Iro l H A, m o v e in im m e d ia te ly ! 
922 17o6. 674 75o9 
P AT M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 
5 room d up tex, stove, re trig , c a r­ p e te d . w a te r o d o n ly 
P r e fe r o dutts or w o rk in g couple, no ch il- d re n. *85 m o 226-7837 oH er 5 pm . 
I room house, n e o r SAC. *1oo p er m o 731-1291______________________ 

3 Room s, b ota , clee stove, re frig 
') b lk 
B la n co Bu Single, se nio r, tem ple G o ro g e 9 6 732-39*6 ____ 
SAN P E D R O H IL L S D U P L E X 
14327 B ro o k h o llo w . 2 b ed ro om s. I b o th o v e r 11 OO so t i 
P r iv a c y fenced re o r y a rd , new p o in t ond c a rp e t. *25o p e r m o n th 
I y e a r lease w o te r b ill pd C all 712 558o. 
Eves 492 9268. 497 2448 __________ 
Sm all fa m ily ? I b d rm w ita appl, ce n tra l a ir. ca rp e te d , fenced. *15o 
_ U nited, 735 9121. tee <635 3) 
Southside O uplex For R ent, b ills pd Couples o nly 922 9816________ 

SPECIAL THIS MONTH 
, I B e d ro o m , *12o 
N ew 4 P le x e s . 
1121o B E L A IR . A pt 
J 
349-7186, 
733 7194. 431 7741_________________ 

STOP L O O K IN G ' C oll now for a 
I la rg e selection of 3 ond 4 b e d ro o m 
I hom es to re n t, lease w ith optio n to 
' buy or own P ric e d fro m *22o *65o m o C oll t il 8 P .M i 
E x e c u tiv e R e al E sta te 824 *345 
T B ird H ill* , 6114 W a r B o n n e tt. 
3 2 2. *2*o 684 3366 
_ 
T E R R E L L H IL L S 
J b e d ro o m . 2 both, c e n tra l h e a t-a ir. liv in g , d in ­ ing ond den *275. 656 1234 
RED CARPET 

TO W N H O U SE 
I B e a u tifu l liv in g , c o re tr e e , co n 
I y e m e n ite lo c a te d . 3-2-2 G a rd e n p atio to g a ra g e F ire p la c e 
THE GOLDEN KEY 
A p a rtm e n t L o c a to rs 828 5739 

MANUFACTURING COMPANY 
O ve r 7oo accounts, O v a l w ill ta k e w o rkin g or non­ w o rk in g p a rtner. 
HNI MEXICAN Rf ST AUK AN! 
O w n er 12 yrs.. Gross $ 1 2 o,o oo , 
N ets $ 27 ,oo 4 yr. Good parking. 
$ 3 $ .OOO. Terms. 

POLYGRAPHING I INVESTIGATION 
Top accounts. 
W ilt teach new ow ne r. 
Nets 
$ 2o ,oo o yr. 
$ 1S .oo o do. 
TAPIS, RECORDS, JEWELRY 
K odak dealer, nice fixtu re s, gross $ 1 *o ,o o o , nets $ 25 ,oo o, 
$ 3o ,oo o. 
FAST FOOD OPERATION 
Also to go O w ner IO yrs. A lw ays busy. Nets $ 14 ,oo o yr., $ 1 2 ,o o o 
PIUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST wists m ixed drink lounge, gross, ing $ 4o ,oo o mo. short hrs., good lease, seats $13o, SAS,OOO tin. 
CUAN DANY KASEM 
(sc ellen! parking loads et eqpt moneymaker. $63oo. 
Terms, 

FINEST MIXED DRINK CLUB 
Wist. food. 
N I best fix tores. 
N ets $ 4,3 oo mo $ 2 o ,o o o dn. 

BUSY NORTHSIDE RESTAURAHT 
M ix e d drinks. Seats 12o 
Gross t i 8 o,o oo 
Nets 
$ 4 o ,o o o yr. 
2 5 ,o o o dn. 

URGE BUSY WASHATERIA 
Close to b is e Grossing $ 3 5 ,o o o 
A neN $1 $ OOO yr. $ 9 5 o o dn. 

•USY POOL HAU 
M ix e d drinks 
Nets $ 2 o o o mo. 
$1 5,o o o de. No co m petition 

NORTHSIDE GROOMING SAEON 
Top spot, bast clientele 
Est. 13 yrs. Nets $ 1o ,oo o yr. $S.OOO dn. 

SEVERAl MIXED DRINK CtUBS 
N I. reel m oney m oilers, clean fix tu re s , good parking, leases. term s. 
EXCLUSIVE BUUTY SAION 
N I, $ operators, gross $55 OOO 
Nets $ 1 8 ,o o o yr., good leose. 
*7 .3 o o dn. 

CIGARETTE SUPPIY 
DISTRIBUTORSHIP 
Port ot Full limn 
Immediate need in Son Antonio ond/of surrounding towns for distributors AH retoil outlets ore secured by compony, therefore no produre selling 
Befame drstnbutor Im such notionally ad­ vertised cigarettes os 
Winston, 
Cornels, 
Marlboro, fo il 
Moll, 
Solerm, Hoots kent, etc To qualify you must have a cor 2-8 hrs per week (days or eves) 
132oo cosh investment required 
For more information write to: 
“CIGARETTE D(VISION # 7 " 
P O Box 14, Rosemead, Co 91/7o 
V 
Include your phone no 

 w— m m m — m m m * 

On ll 5 lnqhwoy, at edge of bustling southern texas town, dose to I resort cities1 Spates for 36 travel trollers large 3 bedroom. 
7 both owner s home 
2, SOO sq ft building with shop and efficiency apartment 
7 2/S ones, beautifully landuoped 
See now, 
S6o.ooo flee business ond Income Property 
Bulletin of over BOO allision ding buys const to coast1 
UNITED FARM AGENCY 
612 JM West 47rti St 
Kamas City, Mo 64112 
Ph. ro ll tree 
1-8oo 821-2599 

( L l ( J a c & lr t J m 
C ir . 

7 3 5 -9 4 5 8 
3 o o 3 N. M A IN 
7 3 5 -8 6 1 1 

SOI BUSINGS OPPORTUNITIES 
5o1 COSINESS oPPoRTUNI1IES 

VALLEY HI 

28o2 Knight Rohm $196 
3-2-J, c o rp *!, a ir, no p e t* 
144 734o 
W ot te n A Sort 
L A C K L A N D K E L L Y , 2 b e d ro o m , j 
I both, *166 m o 654 1214 
RED CARPET 

L o c k la n d ! KettV dfOO, J b e d ro o m , t bota. m r. c e ro o n w ith s to ra g e . 1 ta m e d y a rd . $164 674-2X4 
I EASE W ITH O P T IO N TO bT |V 
I b e d ro o m . 2 b o th T e w n h e a s e , close Ie W in d ie r P o rk M a ll Hem 
*22* per m o or b uy fo r $23 66o 
N iles 6** 486) 
MOH I O N SOUTW EST R E A L T Y 
____________ 6 t* 6848 
________ 
I .ne new J 2 J w ith la rg e fir e p ig c e d e n c a r p e l, b u il t m s , 
C am elot ti t i l * m o HOO dee C oll caho lt I 226 2442 Boerne Tx 
CIV E O AK neor R u nd u tp h 4 2 2 den, fo r m a l d in in g a n d fix in g . 
, * W 434 I 4 » 
J t i I lo c a te d in S u n s e t H itts 
N e a r s c h o o ls e n d s h o p p in g 
A vertable M a rc h I *2*9 m e 
366 6167 664 I I M p a e o n O w e n * Qq---------- 

3 2 2 lo vely hom e to T O W N V tlW 
E S T A T E S 
P a m ity ro o m w ith f ir e p la c e t m m o e d io l* o c ­ cupancy *366 mo 
*44 6267 664 4116 

P t r n 
S x s s x is i— 
11 e e l SI 4 n u N *w » 

A tfro c iv e 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b oth w ith d e n 
H a * ra n g e , r e f r ig e r a t o r , ca rp e t Cease *1 4* For a p p t c o ll 
496 992o 
H o h g n b e rg c r-C o llin s Co. 
V e ry Nice, 7 or 3 b e d ro om , liv in g ro a m , d in in g ro o m , d o u b le c a r ­ p o rt, fire p la c e , fen ce d y a rd . E x ­ c e lle n t a re o - c o n v e n ie n t to b u s . 
F t Sam, M a lls 
Couple o n ly . No pets *296 m o p lus Pep north loop inc. 
R E A LT O R S MCS_________828 *636 
*o23 V illa g e Row, (N E ), 3 1, a ir, stave, *17o m o 816 7913 
3o14 W A shb y, b e a u tifu l la rg e 2 bedroom , clean, c a rp e te d , p a rch , g arage, fenced *18o 733 )o89 
W estwood 2 b d rm , appl c a i pated, gat age. cent a ir heat. fenced to r k id * 
U nited, 715 911), fee <44o 1) 

519 W MANDALAY la d e n , c a rp e t, O ft San P e d ro , lo r p e star ope 
1)65 B re n n e r Co 
I 164-2471 
W o o d la w n H ills . J B e d ro o m , 2 b o ta , e le c tr ic k itc h e n , c e n tr a l a ir heal, t i l S un rise O r *19o m a 

41? ROOMS, FUHNISHFU 

ALPHA HOTEL 
R easonable, d a ily , w e ekly ro te s , 
; d ow ntow n I D N M om 
P riv a te b e d ro o m a n d b a th , $61 
826 o64* ! m o, doh re q 73* 49o4____________ 

WATERFRONT 
24 Unit Motel 

W ith M a n a g e rs ' tip i , p lus 
4 5 space travel trotter pork, 
4 2 5 ft w a te rfro n t rights on 
Aransas 
Bay, 
Swim m ing pool, large live oak trees, good fom ily business, priced right! 

C E N T U R Y 2 1 

ITSCHNER REAL ESTATE 
5 1 2 —- 7 1 9 - 5 4 4 4 
R O C K P O R T , TE XA S 
A R A N S A S RASS, TE X A S 
S I 2 — 7 5 8 - 7 3 5 5 

FIRST PUBLIC OFFERING! 
N O W OPENING NEW TERRITORIES 

Bv owner operator in business of detecting 
Hot 
Checks ond Bod Credit for: retail, financial, medico! and commercial credit grantors 

W e ore a totally computerized credit detection service that allows the businessman, by means of the telephone to occept anybody * check, or approve anyone * application for credit. In 3 seconds! 

Franchise now ovoilable lf< selected, you will represent the world s largest company o f its kind 

Protected terntorres available rn Houston or Dallas, 
Texos $ 1 o ,o o o OO investment required. 

For more in fo rm a tio n c a ll: 
Sam San M arco-Prasident 
5 1 2 / 5 4 2 - 8 1 8 3 o r w rite 
P .O . B o t 1 3 6 9 8 , San A n to n io , T k . 7 8 2 1 3 

 d a f a S & a i r d S 

A d iv is io n o f S e o rch In te rn a tio n o l, Inc 

U .S . p o s t a g e 
D ISTR IB U TO R S 
SAFI, Si CUM, DI PINO A IU 
ImmtKkotc nvert in Xvi, atma tot Out highly profitable louie 
A m e n ta I old e n potto) machine m any toe lurer 
No truing m-olved 
AH loc olio- 1 e iiab iished by compony 
Start lull o* port lime you decide 
MiVISTMINT RLOUMID 
$ 2 8 o o 
WrthB «# i«H {PH MHI ptMUNB AQMtkRT ? 
STAMPS 
3931 
MacArthur Blvd 
M U S 
Newport Beedi, (A 9266o 
(714) 7S2 17o3 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
D u n n A H i a c ts ti p o l s o y s 'C o m 
O p e ra te d L a u n d r y o n d D r y 
C le a n in g S ta re s a re one e l tw o in d u s ln e s w ith the least to ito i c fig u re s 
K W IC K W A S H c o in o p e r a te d la u n d ry a n d d i y d e a n in g te s t I stores fo r sale 
W E H A V E c h o ic e la u n d ry lo c o , lio n s ut e v e iy p a il ut Son A nto nio re a dy to b u ild now 
B A N K P A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For in fo rm a tio n c a ll E d F lo y d 
S II 684 37 71 o r v is it o u r w a r ch ou se '.h o w l n o m a t 54o3 Ja c k wood. San A nto nio Tx 
78238 f o r d C o m m e rc ia l Soles Inc 
The W o rld s I a rg e s t 
Speed Queen D is trib u to r 
R E M O D E L IN G CO 
H ig h v a lu e I b usin e ss w ith m a x im u m p ro fits 
O w ner re tirin g and w ill ir m o m as : c o n s u lta n lR H O D E B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 696 531)_____________ 
S EC R E T A R IA L S Et (Tv IC I 
I n ut 
' tre e c o m p le x , lo ts o l c lie n ts , o w n e r w ill tra in *6,ooo d ow n R 
HO DE 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
I 696-5311____________________________ ! 
S E L F S E R V IC E W A S H E R TE R- 
I A, 
Good lo c a tio n . 
$45oo cash. 
I 735-o611___________________________ , 
I S e llin g a u to p a rts , a ll p u r ls fo r 
I ta c t sole 684 71ok 

 j 
SHALLOT ONIONS 
I E le p h a n t 
G a r lic G r o w e r s 
W o n te d 
T h e y m u lt ip ly g ia n t p ro d u c tio n p ro d u c in g a c re va lue d 
*6ooo plus W a itin g N a tio n a l m a r- k et, o il you con p io d u te 731 1)37 
T A V E R N For Sole 6 P ool Tobies a n d J u k e B ox 
M o n e y M a k e r, 
, m ust s e ll! 
Close in 
723 7o2*. 
723-*o29 
_______________ 
T H E - W A RE H O U S I C L U ll rind 
D isco the q ue is b e in g o tte re d fo r j sale 
R e aso n ab le te rm s , p ro v e n fin a n c ia l s u c c e s s 
C o n ta c t M i 
Stout I d WI J4, 494 3129 
_ 

THIS IS IT L O U N G E , ConveVse. 
Texas Low dow n p a y m e n t 
Low re n t 
C o ll 658 9443 a lle r 4 P M , 
341 1716 atte r 8PM 
19 U N IT A P T C O M P L E X 
1542 N 
A la m o , n e a r B ro a d w a y . 
F t 
S a m . D o w n to w n 
A ll lu r n u lle d , air c o n d itio n e d in c o m e 
*2 1o o m o 
Z o n e d b u s in e s s , ; 
*1 4o,ooo By O w n er 816 IP W 
, 
U N U S U A L H IG H E A R N IN G BU Ii 
S IN E SS O P P O R T U N IT Y O P E N 1 
IN Y O U R A R E A 
O p e 'O le d b y j m a il o nd te le p h o n e 
No s e lim a j 
S e rv ic e in g re a t d e m a n d . C om 
___________________________________ p iete tra in in g ond success pack ; 
I T A L I A N 
S P E C I A L I T I E S I a<»« s u p p lie d 
S m a ll in v e s tm e n t 
M o d ern ontario, b e a u tifu l deco r I re q u ire d R e co ve re d q u ic k ly C o ll p 
D r o ll beer and w ine R H O D E BU ! W a lla ce Cook at 6o1 922 1761 to r I 
S IN E S * B R O K E R S 696 S ill d e ta il* ___________________________ 
L A D IE S C L O T H IN G - N S b ou 
W A N T E D 
Yourn* p erson or cou tiq u c Q u a lity lin e s O w n er h ea lth 
Pie w ith tar m o i H o m in g in design, fo rc e s sole R H O D E B U S IN E S S 
*° own and o p e ra te w ith o u r help a 
B R O K E R S 696 *311 high fashion d esig n b o u tiq u e lea t lu rin g p a rq u e t flo or m a a nd a re a ru g s in C o rp u s C h ris ti 
C o m a rt 

TEXAS FINE ORCHARDS 

Neor fredericksburq, 256 ones rn txro tro th of peaches, apples A nectarines Mony bees under new drip litigation, sophisticated pock­ ing shed, cold storage building. ample equipment, established market, considerable depreciation available 
Ixcellent investment for details contact HY 
I. Hohn, 
Hahn Bonch Realty, FO Box 838, fredericksburq, Texas 78624 or (oft 
512'99/ 5245 ar 99/ 2215 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 Short W eeks 

O t h e r T r a in in g in: 
Computer Operation* 
Computer Programming 

Medical Assistant 
Medico! Seuetory 
Nurse s Aide Of delly 

Call 224 9286 
CBM 
Education Cepter 
1121 Na*',no 

H IL L C O U N T R Y * 
N E A R C A N Y O N L A K E ! 
C o u n try hom e ota s M o m A Pop ty p e 
R e s ta u ra n t ta v e rn w ith I a a s p u m p s , p lu s e q u ip p e d m e cham cs g o ro g e 2 6 a c re s 1 O w n er w ill fin a n c e to r u g h ! p a rty 
I 93Su s a 
IC E HO USE 
Me y o u r ow n boss w ith m in im u m in v e s tm e n t G ood 
N S lo co tio n T o t sole or lease R 
HO DE 
B U S IN E * * 
B R O K E R S 
696 S it I 
; l r YOU ARE L O O K IN G to r a re tad lo ca tio n in a shopping center in an a re a ot g ro w th . H elotes, c o ll us 
W E IS G A R B E R P R O P E R - , 
T IE * 349 3716______________________ I 

IN T E R E S T E D IN B U Y IN G L o c a l 
T ra v e l A gency in te re s te d S ellers kept 
C O N F ID E N T IA L ! 
C all 
34V.6343. 

E l e c t r o n i c s prof©sSI 
■ ■ 
Dallas Openings 

I t ' s ;i k o o i I t i n u * T o r ai c h a n s t * l o T I . 

A ll ot I I m* fo llo w in g ojtoningK rgquiru ii m inim um of a Ita rh o lo r’s dogm *. 
I .S. < it i/.«*nslii|) is also required. 

E lec trica l ft M ech an ical Engineers 

( u n f l i t o p e n i n g s tit t H o h c c a t e g o r i e s : 

• I f e s i g n , t e s t , s y s t e m s a n a l y s i s a n d 

 p r o d u c t , i o n o f w e a p o n g u i d a n c e 

 s y s t e m s . 

• M e c h a n i c a l d e s i g n o f h a r d t o o l i n g 

 s y s t e m s r e q u i r e d f o r h i g h v o l u m e 

 p r o d u c t i o n . O r i g i n a t e t o o l i n g p l a n s 

 f r o m i n i t i a l c o n c e p t , ( p l o t a t i o u , d e s i g n , | 

 f i n a l c h e c k o u t a n d e v a l u a t i o u . 

H A LLM AR K 

A E R O - T E C H ^ 

R fC O M E A L IC IN S ID 
A V IA T IO N TE C H N IC IA N 

• App-ftvH for V ftfiom 
• Aiiirditvd NAI IS lihtitutioii 
• I AA Appiovrd 
• 
(f lu t e s in A iitiom r rind Tnvn-iplnirt1 
I Quail’* tor 1 AA AAT U rn tr 
* 

» 
(fluter Ouiotion I ? M onths 
• Intl Flfltmsrnt Ass'shimr 

 n i l l OS CAII 
H A L L M A R K A IR O H C H 
111o 49th Si. Simeon fitld 
( 
San Antonio. lin o s 7B7'< 
9 2 4 -A S S I 

C o fe -P o te e l, a e r o * * sch o o l c o le n t tor re ta r d 747 H OA 

C A R W A S H E R S w ith g a s o lin e I 

L O U N G E , re m o d e le d c o m p le te ly, ta rn is h e d . P o p u la r N Z a rio m o r a A re a l m o n ey m a k e r. SISO m o 
774 1614 or B24 49)9______________ 
LO U N G E S 
In m o st o re o s of the c ity in s e v e r a l p r ic e c a te g o r 
■ es R H O D E 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S OH S II)______________ 
M E A T S A LE S 
W holesale to the c o n s u m e r 
F re e d e liv e r y , lo w p r ic e s f o r to p q u a lit y b e e f R 
HODE 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
69o S ill 
. 
M e xica n Food Cote to r re n t I ultv e q u ip p e d L iv in g Q u a rte rs SISO m o ■» deposit 432 M IS 

9oS 
San 
P ed ro , 

 pum ps Good lo c a tio n s E x c e lle n t M o b ile H o m e P a r k fa r s a le 
2 o p p o rtu n itie s 1 333 3o)1____________ I Houses, 4 Lots, l f Spaces M o d ern 
C H A IN 
S T O R E S 
F iv e u tilitie s L o c a te d n ea r hw y TO W co m p a n y o w ne d s to re s p lu s con and 
41o 
O w n er w ill fin a n c e tr o c t o u tle ts 
G ro s s s a le s o v e r 
674-6473 
*6oo OOO a n n u a lly R H O D E B U S I 

P au l 
D uB ove. 
27* 2844___________________________ j 

W E B U Y 
Businesses and In v e n to rie s 
J K A H N A ASSOC 
142 4877 

W E L L E S T A B L IS H E D lin g e r ie shop re p e a t b usin e ss, w ill tra m b u y e r $22 OOO 
R OSSI R E A L T Y __________4947781 

W H O L E S A L E CO 
In s titu tio n a l foo d s d is tr ib u to r s e llin g lo re s ta u r a n li, h o te ls , s c h o o ls , s u p e r m a rk e ts 
W e ll k n o w n n a m e R 
HODE 
B U S IN E S S 
B R O K E R S 
696 S ill 

ENROLL N O W 
AFFtOViD FOR YETMAN* 

NEW D AY t NITE CLASSES 
•(U N FO 14ta 
* woe I MAMO 
* ■ireuMcMM, irifowtitNM. 
* Al I OUM UNO 
* sultans adsum 
• MUKAI 
• etc ie hOMtn 
I i i rruMCM 

• DOO*! ll HMC, 
• com term 
• itarnotafi 
• u envy him*, 
• MAJ mn, 
(AU MASH) 
^ - ——- —» - - WW— tm* r rimer rf 

,D u r , T 
' d k j . 

• K x p e i i e n c e d d i g i t a l a n d a n a l o g 

 c i r c u i t d e s i g n e r s . 

T eleco m m u n icatio ns Engineer 

• I f e l i n e t e l e c o m m u n i c a t i o n s r e q u i r e ­ 

 m e n t s , d e v e l o p e q u i p m e n t s t a n d a r d s , 

 m a i n t a i n a n d i n s t a l l f a c s i m i l e , i ’ l i X , 

 a n d v o i c e c o m i i i i i ti t e a t i o n s e q u i p m e n t . 

R e q u i r e s l-M y e a r s e x p e r i e n c e i i i t h e 

 t d e c o rn rn u m e a t i o n s l i e I ii. 

11 y o u q u a l i f y , s e m i y o u r r e s u m e i i i 

 c o i n p i e I e c o n t i d e n e e t o : S t a H it t g 

M a n a g e r * IM T Box hoi a, M .S. SJ'J • 

D a l l a s , T e x a s 7.r> 2 2 ‘J . 

T e x a s I n s t r u m e n t s 

I N t o k r o o a I I l» 

•l<|M ii lim it tiph 

IQS SAN HOBO 
22* 54o1 

R oam s ta r m o n . p o o r d o w n to w n jtn d b u s ^ n M 6 a d ta a « J £ * J r tM i7 ^ 

416 BOOMS WITH BOARD 

A s to o p in g r o o m f o r r a n i, no haavy dr a s k a ri d in in g p n y ita g a s . 

418 WANT TO RFN I OR LEASE 

R E N T or S ALE " ll I, "ll blk NE 
Schools S *i *63919* 927 1948____ 
W ont to ia n t a p p ro x . 4 OM sa It u n tu rn house ta NE p a il Of tow n, 

SQ1-M1VS OPFOWTUHITIFS 

Accounting Clients 
S m a rt to m a rtia n ! w r ite up ta i vain G uar anta aa Sand n a m * and pfs#rs« n um be r ta 
P i o ta ss ta n cit A c c o u n tin g 
VQ! W M c C o w a n p ti a tm o , a i » w / 
. 

AME y o u A oA A A B LB R ~' M o tel 
16 Coom * R oom s ta rg e T a v e rn 6 p ea l to b ie s a n d iu o o P ax 
N e w 
Or ib ex going up t* 4 o66 e ourty. p aym en ts to w e r Won re n t F ih » l i l t 6*4 
W ilt tro d e tor R iver p* toe n y m i i i t m 
____ 

CAU t i * to o * 

MUFFLER 
CENTER 
LOOK! 
Be independent and earn a potential incom e of 

$ 7 5 , o o o J O O 

 a n n u a l l y 

 b e f o r e t a x e s . 

Pronto M uffler Centers, a integral p art o f the tw o billion dollar exhaust system m arket is accepting applications for dealers now. 

Complete cmd comprehensive outdance from initial training to Grand Opening. Financial requirement $28,ooo OO. long term financing can be arranged for eligible applicants. For further information, call 512 /4 7 8 -6 6 2 2 collect or write To Pronto Muffler Centers, I 24o 
American Bank Tower, Austin, Texas 787o1. 

A R E A RE RN I SE N I A 11VE S 
ANO W O R M G R O W E R S 
•voodoo ta r San A u tu m n and lu r ro u n d in g a i has 
D u o m r an im u o rta n t p a rt af a t s ta ir m a ik o t m a o r a u n iia t ig n in v o in n o n ! rn o u n od w ith im o m o p -jfo n iia l 
F o r m o i* tn ta fm a lig n curt tilt? ) 
SM 4Vo1 OI w ill* 
W o rm G ro w o n 
M in k , lin o C o rp M U E lUHCUS tor 6 o i) W o rm Tx IA>»I 

A f T B N T tO N SOON IS M A N H orn 
•I your cnance ta ow n your ow n d is tr ib u ta r im p tar c o m p o t lr p ila r io ta s 
C x t t u s t v t lin o s 
C a n ta r a p p t to d a y R H O D E B U S IN E SS 
B M O *BRS o*6 I I J I 
_____ __ 

I lOOtSS AMO s e w s 

AUS I IN R E C O R D SHUH 
I eta Oil sn vtl p rim o U T ive a l, un 
I H M ca sk 
Son 
A n to n io 

BOU C a f e t k m i a m s ts to S ii sh od 26 w a r s BvSt k n o w n n om s in th * b u s m e n * 
H ig n so los a nd pra ttle P ric e d rig h t R H O D E BU 
S IN E S * B R O R B .RS * * * * ) H 
RE A U T Y S A I UNS 
A t * k ilo T h e p ic k P l to o b e s t sn ub s im la w n 
R in d o u t bow nosy it is ta ow n your b u s in e s s R H O D E B U S IN E S S 
B i p o n t 996 u n 
_____ 
B O A T ! 
M O T O R I 
S P O R T IN G 
G O O D S - 
A n n u o ! s o f t s o v e r 
I SOU OOO Good Odour le n ity tar no vo lta# o* aper atm R H O D E G u lf 
NESS BROO B E I 6*6 S U I ...____ 

N ESS B R O K E R S OSS SIU_______ 
I D A IR Y Q U E E N 
This is th * re a l i thing , not o im ita tio n E s ta b lis h e d i b u s in e s s , D O F ra n c h is e 
F re e 
I fr a m in g in fo r m a tio n b y a p p t 
I p le a s e R H O D E 
B U S IN E S S 
I B R O K E R S 44o*111______________ 

DISTRIBUTORS 
W ANTED 
: B lo n d new , fir s t tim e o ffe re d , A 
I ve n d in g m a c h in e th a t d ispe n ses 
. fre sh salt tro e ie ice c re a m cones id e a l ta r schuots. th e a te rs , a m u la m e n t p a r k s , a lc 
M u d * b y 
K ro g e r C o m p o n y 
C o ll lo H -lre e ! 
I 8oo)571 463o. E R f744 
________ 
EAST t e x a s ' M o N 8 V M A K E R 
4 aero M obile H om e P a rk s n o b in n e d , c it y u t i lit ie s e a v e d , fe n c e d . E le v e n 1971 h o m e s in e lud e d *116.oo4 In c o m e *1o OOO y e a r 
T e r m * , o w n e r 
A C 
713 *64 96*1. R I 7, Box 96. N a co g 
' dbChes, Tex 73961 _ 
_____ 
E ASY F O L D IN G U M B R E L L A S 
W h o le s a le 
M o n s 
71 
B la c k 
I 
$71 OO d i . g o lf *27 OO la d ie s 
; I* solid *17 aa P r in f - * i| 6o 
G uff t l f OO F re ig h t not in clu d e d 
Sam ples *7 OO each p lus sn ip p in g 
K w a n Sun C o rp 
I I H C B lo o d - ] w ay. 
New 
Y ack. 
NY 
1oo16 
I (2*21429-4SA# 
I 
Established Tavern 
G ood sta b le in c o m e , d rin k s a nd t a m e s 
P r im o lo c a t io n , n e a r eguin an in I# a nd n e a r ta r p * in d u s tr y . F u lly e q u ip p e d , g o o d b u ild in g , la r g o c o r n e r le t, a rt 
*4* OOO Cosh or te rm s 
C A R LO S B R A W N E R R E A L T Y 
179 *947 
S E G U IN . T E X 
*o1 E 
K in g s b u ry P Q 
Box l i l t 
F ine J e w e lry end G ift Stare 
P rim * N o rth e a s t lo catio n 
I POD sa n *6o,ooo Can 622 9 * is 
Fur c ft, cr 
The Bi iou Lounge 
41o6 Sun P e d ro Fully e q u ip p e d ta i business 
IA I 7244 or eves 
696 263# 
__ ____ 
FOH S A I E 
M O N E Y M A K IN G 
B A R B I B SH O P 9o7 $ B RAZOS 
Go m ig t a t M O V IN G B U t iN f SS 
F u lly v g u ip g e d g a s o lin e I r g c lg r cmd tra d e r lu r sate Pads. dunces. ra m p etc m c iu p e d G od e b b # * h un m u* t a d » 119> 1*o6___ 
G ro c e r, S ta r* Se C e n tra l T exas fa w n (p u p s S uet, A n n u a l g ro s s e v e r le u p .g g g 
G e e d in t e r n e 
O w ners e n * la re file 1*o# S grk teem SI Nu H I H uustau I t H O U 
H A IR s i VC ING SAI ON tar sate e s ta b lis h e d I r v e b n G eed bu si ness C u tlet* b e d b re le s s iu n d i t ka d tale e l l BBW 
L IQ U O R I T O R * t o r id le b y o w **# C ern* se* af INSM N u t u p 
* < * • » » * j * * 
...... 

" M O N E Y ” 
W e a re n o w s e e k in g a lo c a l 
D e a le r w ho is in te re s te d in the p o s s ib ility at m a k in g **o.ooo plus p e r y e a r 
The te n n is m a rk e t is w ide open L et us show you w h at o u r e s ta b lis h e d d e a le rs a re do m g in v e s t *9 ,7 o o lo *3 o .o o o 
(1oo % in v e n to ry ) 
F o r m o re in fo r m a tio n o r a p p o in tm e n t, ca rt 
M r M a rtin (oo1)466 IA I I ar w rite 

WORMS 
We b uy w a rm s u n d e r c o n tra c t 
W o rm g ro w e rs needed 
*17 6*3 *14o 
_ W O R M E N f L R r t t m t 5 _ 

'M MONI Y ID UUD 

EQUITABLE 

TRUST COMPANY 
We spec t a in t in the p u rc h a s e OI 
_ 
. eChaHel o r H eoi E s ta te N otes 
IAI W 226o So S ail L a k e C ity ,U t. I ‘ F in a n c ia l L ea sin g 
SAHS 
M O V IN G A N O S TO RAG E agency fo r so le in K e r r v ille , T e x o s 
A s m a rt g r o w in g b u s in e s s w ith p ro v e n p r o fita b ilit y 
R o o ks a re open ta the s e rio u s b u y e r 
( 312)69* 14o6 
N o tio n a l s e rv ic e ty p e fra n c h is e n ow a v a ila b le 
67*oo fe ta l c a st 
*4ooo m in im u m cosh For d eta ils c o ll 
Ray 
H a rw e ll 
I 111 941o179 to n e d 

O W N E R R E T IR IN G 
G arag e and o uto p o rts en 1, a cre . auto p o rts b u ild in g bud 1ooo sa It and re n ts to r **oo p er m o G arag e b u ild in g h o * 2.6oo sa It w ith tats of ra m p space ond nets *1ooo per m o M e ch an ic w ill stay w ith new o w n e r, if d e s ire d id e a l lo c a tio n , good fo rm s 349 1479 
H e cto r J H e rb ecb m c 
R e a lto r* 

“ O w n Y ou r O wn R usiness " W hile 
A uto S to re s, 39*o C a ll F ie ld Rd 
W ich ita F a lls , T x (6)7)492 341o 
P A C K A G E S TO R E O w n e r re in m g fro m s u c c e s s fu l rtg u o r b u s t n e s s . H a s r e t a i l p e r m it p lu s 
C a rth a g e lic e n s e R H O D E B U $ I- 
NESS B R O K E R S 496 -H I I_______ 
P A R T N E R M A N A G E R 
O h * et 
A m e ric a S la rg e s t b f rn * a ss is tin g in v e n to rs w itn e v e r 36 o ffic e s rn 
U S and C anada is lo o kin g tor g s a lt s o r ie n t e d 
F E M A L E o r 
M A L E d ire c ta r to r Son A n to n ia a r e g 
M u s t b e h a r d w o r k in g . poised a g e re s s i**. e n te r w o rk in g w ith people Do not CUO) u n * * * you can s«U roue sent and e xpe ct e ver 
I d SUD a re a l 
D ra w Conus end c e m m isste u 
C o il 
626 JS29. 
M r 

1974 P brsche 914, I I M er A M F M s te re o 
B a n ia re d . I ) 666 m ile s . e x c e l co n d 
*4 ,6 *6, p ho ne K e r r y dta I J*7 7261 
^ 

R E A L estate P ro b e r needs w o rk m g p u r in e ! w it h s a le s m a n * lic e n s e e n d k n o w le d g e et te m m er etal • eat estate us S d* A nto n 
■o M i T IM 
R E O W O R M * c o m p a re p ric e s b e to rn you b u y 
B u y b u c k con lr pc I lim * p a y m e n t* p la n en 
I b ed t a i t i 
*6 eoe wee m s ta 
6 B ed * # * r e lle n e ls # h e r v e s t m a c h in e * e -u rta b i* 
Thum bs Ar 
.iota SAU' u r.s e u n * 
Sew A u t un re u jm lM m 
. 
A u 
H I 

 v F o tta rin g A ccou n ts R e ceivab le 
IN Q U IR E A t 226 6314 f i l l NRC B ld g 
San A n to n ie 
H IG H L A N D F A R K S TA T E B A N K 
The bank w ith m a re tim e tar y o u 1 
H ig h la n d at H a c k b e r ry *32 3)11 
N E E D C A S H ’ * 
BUT H A V E NO C R E D IT ? ’ ? 
Col) U nion F in a nce 723 4671 r tv r s o n o l, p r o p e r t y , b u s in e * * loons n u , a m o unt l i t 1416 

O U IC K CASH to r yo ur firs t or se c o n d a ry m e r lo ge inn us lls 147* 
S M A LL HO NO R LO A N S 
JUST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
A A A C R E D IT ____________ I i i 6249 
S ta rtin g e x p a n d in g , in ta n g ib le a c c o u n t* r e c e iv a b le 
.c a s h a v a ila b le t o r th e s e a n d e th e r m oney weeds C all *7 ) 6637 now 

Investment 

Opportunity 
Real 
Estate 

HUD M vitts bids for 

M u lt if a m ily 
Prop# tit#* 

! • « o d rn tb g 

Businas* Finoncial 

 le c tio n r! (Hi * 
\e e m % p e p e r 
^ 

 urrce p urcha se bt m o ru ritv stack rn A# n e c a m p a n e 
1 1*6 666 
> PRPH eg w an ta n voen o u r (tack 
Cur i *9 1 to f f 

Finish High School al Hom e 
D iplom a a w a rd e d For Ir e * bro chpre, coll A m erican School, too) tree 
I 666 47) 63 H ______________ 

LEWIS BARBI K COLLEGE 
*7o11 S Flares 
924 168o‘ 
S O U TH W E S T School of M e d ita i 
Assistance 
224 2796 l l * ! 
B roadw ay 
; 
V eteran inquiries Welcom e 

Texas Vocational School 
I t l l S F lo ies 
I I * m r 

6o1 ■ PHUHSSIHMl 
_ _ 

A C C O U N TA N T SHK 
In g e n u ity , rn g rn I a b ilit y 
* I exp M a ry 828 6494 New Day Mer sonnet Concile 9o1 NE Loop AIQ 
I 

AGRICU LTUR E 
DEG R EE 
H ave you considered the P e a c e , 
Corps? The Reu<e Corps exper I 
•enc* con rn eon m ore than lust cm uoportunity to do s tm t good 
It to n m ean an exciting introduction 
In international agriculture, it ta n bring knowledge ond insight into other cultures, it can m ean new la n g u a g e * a nd it can m e a n rn roods into lobs w ith goner am ental agencies b e r* and abroad To see s p e c ific P e a c e C o rp s n in o n m eta* contact S II J97 *92* E xt 4. 
C oded 
________ 

A SSISTAN T TO THE 
D E A N OF S T U D E N T S 
A N D ADC ADE M IC SE R V IC E S 
Southwest Texas State Univ 
P erm an en t position Responsible fo r a n a ly t ic a l s tu d ie s rn th e d e v e lo p m e n t e t s y s te m s a n d procedures ond liaison in the a re a of Student and Academ ic Services w ith 
A d m in is t r a t iv e 
D a ta 
P ro c e s s in g R e q u ir e m e n ts in d u d * B a ch elo r s d e g re e 
M a s to r s p r e fe r r e d , h o w e v e r sig m ilt o n ) w a rk e x p e rie n c e m a y substitute tor m o ile r s d e g re e 
T w o y e a rs e x p e r ie n c e in gee g ra m m in g a n d s y s te m s m o n o 
Dem ent, and a ca d e m ic system s d o v e le g m e n t 
M u s t be a b t* Ie work w ell w ith stress ond dead bn* requirem ents Apply before I p rn F e b ru ary tk, 1977, Personnel 
O ffic e, S o u th w e st T e x * * S ta le 
U n iv e rs ity , R oom 266. L ib r a r y 
Adm I un dmg San M arcos, Tex as 76*** *1 ) 24* 2211 

SWT SU t% on actu m otive pc lien, 
•pub! opb o ito tal* em ployer 

CIVIL ENGINEER beatster*#!, exp with consulting tu rn 
LOCM * I 7k ta * n e g * 
Cart john Vest 
Leek* E m plo ym ent S e rv ic e 
Ste 9*71 
14*o Crepe* a aim s a o j u S ik h 
Career spat m null cr tar cpi! geed 
1*666 Ceil RcHy G ia n t u t tis ) 
SNE 11 IN G A S N E L L IN G 
* « t Ss p .II Sm it I SI 

I a m p u te e o p e r u le r P r o g r a m m e r i IR M I I 
M u s t Be ta m u tp r w ith 
RPQ It, bub— Mf 
I yr e x * CWB 
Mc Gf constat# l i t 1*67 

RETAIL 
MANAGERS 
ASST. MANAGERS 

DRUG CHAINS, GROCERY 
MARTS, SPECIALTY SHOPS 

YOU HAVE A DEFINITE 

CAREER ADVANTAGE WITH GNC) 

W H Y ? . , Bocou se y o u r 
RKpwriwncet 
In rnonoginQ a sm all, m u lti ttwm re ta il star# tsar artels ou r n e e d s e x a c tly ! A n d b e c a u s e w a a ra th e la rg e s t a n d m o st su ccessfu l r e ta il ch ain in Ona o f The c o u n try 's n a w a st a n d m o st e x c itin g g ro w th 
In dustrie*. . . 
H e a lth Foods) 

A t a M a n a g e r w ith G N C yow w ill I t a m th o fa scin a tin g te ch n iq u e s o f sue ca A lf u l h a a lth fo o d retortin g th ro u g h o n - t h e -fo b tra in in g on d fo rm a l tra in in g s e m in a rs . 
S u ccessfu l 
M a n a g e rs ccm ba p a ct r a p id c a r e e r a d ­ v a n ce m e n t w ith in c re a s e d re s p o n s ib ilitie s , a u th o rity o nd , a f c o v r ie , s a la ry w ith in fh a ir first y e a r! 

O u r g ro w th re c o rd 
I* im p re s s iv e h a v in g o p a n e d 4 5 o n o w sto re s in th e lot* A y e a r* . 
H o w e v e r, that'# o n ly th e b e g in n in g ! O u r p re se n t p la n s in clu d e at le a s t 
IO O n o w sto res p e r y e a r th ro u g h 19831 

 lf y o u 're sin ce re a b o u t y o u r d e s ire to m a k e re ta ilin g y o u r c a re e r a n d ca n re c o g n is e th o lo n g fa rm p o te n tia l a f 
G N C . th a n w a c e rta in ly w a n t to h o a r fro m yow. W a p a y c o m p e titiv e sa la rie s a n d p r o v id e a c a m - prehensile# b e n e fit p a c k a g e w h ich in clu d e s p ro fit sh o rin g . M o s t im p o r ta n tly , w a p r o ­ v id e tho a d v a n ta g e o f w o rk in g w ith a c o m ­ p a n y th a t h a s a tre m e n d o u s fu tu re ! 

M a n a g e r p o sitio n s a v a ila b le in San A n to n ia a rea- A p p ly in p a rso n a r san d re s u m a . In­ clu d in g s a la ry re q u ire m e n ts tai 

Gonoral Nutrition Contort, Inc. 
Central Fork Moll, Son Antonio, TeixaG c/o Mr. William W atts 

N w f O p p *# ****? f twplwy * M/o 

 a y u db Abet Ab 
I 8 P II %\ hot db t 

COLLEGE GRADS 
There ARC s tim u latin g w ays ta use your experience. R A or M u * tars w h*<e? tm Peace Ceros ana 
V IS T * w e h a v e r e a u e s ts ta r v o lu n te e rs fro m st d e v e lo p in g n a tio n s o n e fr o m c o m m u n ity agencies b e re ** the USA Soonish t e x a s * ’ i p re n e ed e d te e 
We g r a v id * v o lu n te e r liv in g g l 
•unum • tra m p e r tartan, medic ut e ld e r b e n efits 
F in d but w h ere your dear vc- c d * I M * veg 
Curt i l l i#» t 

 fc •uunum g business need I pud eta tm n *e d » b i*iy ta r w h e te in i* b u s in e s s WRO « # » . ' m u n u g e m e ta u e ss ib n .lt 
Cod Sib 6 6 * I* tar gg 
.u t** v o w s 

E N G IN E E R w it# v ip e r te n e t in design el M e c h a n ic a l and Blee tr ie d ) s y s te m s in C om rn * r n ut bundie s * M ust have P I in p u t a e r 
S e le c te d m u s t h u t * h e q u a lifie d I * m a n a g e c o m p le te 
•p e ra ltu n 
E xc e lle n t opportunity tar q u a lifie d t e n s e 
Art re p lie s 
. c a ta lo on ta i 
Reply Rue 6*67. Sun 
A nta*!# t cpi esc end New s 7 t j t t 

M ature lady or m on. unattached, s a a u rte c a d lh s a fe r v is in g lg f« a b *# * soles eperutcun M ust ease m q n e g e m e n l n a ttily , w ark ta n * h e w s . tree ta tra v e l county * wed* 

 setal, and N a v e l expanses peed 
M ust Pave v ita *) references t i j f i r i i l i b c ■— 
.. .. , 
CAU I f l 

-MFESSNNN. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 13 1977 
8o1 PROFESSIONAL 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL m-mmm 
6o1 PROFESSION*! 

Electronic 
Technicians 
Seeking Advancement in Writing Field 

Ford A tro ip a c « A Com m unication* Corporation 

H as im m ediate oponing* fo r electronic Tachs, 

 w anting to a m a r th* tach w riting fiald Applicants 

 m ust h a ve a good com m and of English a n d at 

•east on e of tho follow ing qualifications: 

• Previous maintenance experience as Senior 
Technician on complex analog and digital equipment. 
• An associate degree in electronic technology or equivalent experience with some practical maintenance experience on complex electronic equipment. 
• A military service school graduate on advanced/complex electronic equipment with some practical maintenance experience. 

Successful applicants will ba train ed as technical writers. 
C o m p u t e r 
Technicians 

Minimum of 3 yaars •»pawnee in computer maintenance. Thor­ ough knowledge al digital logic theory fundamental* and appl tea lion* — 2 years military or equivalent civilian electronic theory. 

T e c h W r i t e r 

Applicant* must have previous maintenance eipenence as a Sr. level technic ions ar associate engineer on analog and digital electronic equipment Should lave actual writing eipenence an similar equipment using engineering prepared specifications and schematic and logic diagram* as raw source data for preparing detailed equipment maintenance manuals. 

 ford Aerospace and Communication* provides rice!lent benefit*, 

 such as medical and dental insurance, stock investment pion, etc 

Interested applicants should send resume in confidence ta Mr 

JohnC. Brown ah 

Ford Aerospace & 

Com m unications Corporation 
Space Information System s Operation 

Post O ffice Box 58487 

Houston, Texas 77o58 

 an e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity em ployer rn t i 

Im m e d ia te O p e n in g 

Texas In stru m en ts’ growing Austin fa c ility has an im m ediate opening' for a F a cilitie s E n g in e e r to design heating, ven tilatin g and piping system s. Develop expertise to handle complex fa cility projects. Requires a m inim um of 1-8 years design experi­ ence w ith thorough knowledge of p sych o m etrics, some piping design experience, and a B S iii engineering. 

I f you q u alify, send your resum e in confidence to: H it'( *illin>/P.O. Box 
2HoF1, M.S. 2818/Austin, Texas 7*788. 

T e x a s I n s t r u m e n t s 

I N C C IR R O R A f I IS 

Xiii qu.it opp« it limit v employ ct 

 r n 
£ o 

Engineers 
MUD LOGGERS 
COMMAND ENGINEERS 
NEEDED IMMEDIATELY 

IM C O SERVICES, A Division of th* H A LLIB U R T O N C om pony, is soaking ctaalihad mud logger* cmd supervisor* to operate electronic drilling well surveillance units tor assign 
Mer- men** in M e * ico and the M iddle East Sin g le status p re fe r­ re d . 
Q u a lifie d applicant* m utt be over 21 year*, h ave a minimum o f one veal experience, and be w illin g to relocate ond travel 
BS Degree desired, an d a b ility to speak Spanish very helpful for M e xica n assignm ent 
Both positrons and com pony offer grow th poten tial, g o o d soktry and a com prehensive benehts package. Interested applicants should coll C O LLEC T 
C A R R IE G O F F 

7 1 3 — 
6 2 2 - 1 9 8 1 

An [ q u a l O p p o rtu n ity Em ployer M f 

I M C O S E R V I C E S 

A Division cl H A L L I B U R T O N Compel* 

H. . 
• Hi, ,str\r> Ti-.AS >>o71 

An le ve l Oeperrunrty Im plorer 

ASSISTANT STORE MANAGERS 

M ust have recent retail supervisory experience in one or more o f the fo llo w in g departm ents: M en s, 
Ladies' or C hildren's Wear,- Fabrics; Linens; Shoes; 
Cosm etics. Learn to be a store m anager G o o d p ay, g ood bonus, m any benefits. 
C lo se d 
Su ndays, reasonable hours Live in San A ntonio. C a ll or w rite 
M r. Brenner or M r. 
G rim m for con fid en tial a p ­ 

 pointment. 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 
118 Soledad, San Antonio 782o5, 512-225-7163 

CLINICAL ENGINEER 

D ue to expansion o f one o f the m ost innovative, ou tstan ­ ding, b io m e d ica l instrum entation departm ents, 
St. 
Luke's, Texas Children* and Texas H eart Institute, under one adm inistration, is seeking an outstanding C lin ica l 
Engineer. Ideal can didate should have BSEE d eg ree in clinical engineering with 2 yrs. hospital experience or 
M SEE degree and hospital internship. W ill assist in set- ting up standardized repair procedures, testing o f new equipm ent, and some technical repair. 

S e n d resume to: 
Personnel Departm ent 
P.O. Box 2 o2 69 
Houston, Texas 77o25 

An Eq ual O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo yer M Z F 

All Positions Foo Paid By Em ployer 
S a fe ty En gin eer $ 1 o - $ I 1 ,o o o 
IS degtee in engineering required. Any engineering degree orceplable or BS in industrial technology Training includes immediate enrollment in a teaming program in which you will bt fought the botts of industrial occident prevention Opportunities for growth ond advancement ore ex cedent Auto and expanses furnished 
C laim s A d ju ste r T ra in e e 
$9?oo storting salary increased lo 196oo in 4 months College degree re quired. Complete homing ptoqtom in casualty claims to include in vestigatiom ol auto accidents, tiro and noturol disaster Auto ond ex penes furnished bv appl only 
Thompson Em ploym ent Service 
I 2 5 9 Jackson K e lle r 
3 4 2 -2 3 9 1 

682 SAUS u 

LOSS CONTROL REPRESENTATIVE 

Needed by progressive Property ond Casualty Co to cover San An­ tonio ond surrounding territory. Experience in Safety Inspection re­ quired 

Salary open Car and expenses furnished Excellent large cor­ poration benefits. 

Pitas* send resume to: 

Ranger Insurance Co. 
P.O. Box 2 8o 7 
Houston, Texas 77oo1 

Attn: Personnel Dept. 

An Eq ual O p po rtu n ity E m ployer M Z F 

SENIOR SYSTEMS PROGRAMMER 
Austin based firm is soaking an individual with: a 3 ar mar* ytars oS/MVT a ALC 
• HASP a DOS 
• Strong TP 

Position includes performing sysgens, monitoring ond op trmirmg. installing software packages, end supporting the application programme is 

Outstanding location in take and hill country. Call ar 
* sand return* ta: 
Randolph jack Edwards 
DATA PROCESSING CAREERS 

T m Chevy Chat* Drive, Suita U S 
Austin, Texas 71/52 
(312) 452 o971 personnel consultant 

BIO MEDICAL EQUIPMENT TECH 

Currently M aking outstanding candidates with a minimum of 2 yrs. hospital experien ce a* a 
Bio-m odical equipm ent tach. 
P refer an 
A A degree in electronic* technology or eq u ivalent m ilitary experience. 
Day 
A even in g hour* available. 

Please Send Resume to: 
Personnel D epartm ent 
P.O. Box 2 o 2 6 9 
Houston, Texas 77o25 

INSTITUTION FOOD BUYER 

Experience required 

Excellent opportunity 

Salary to commensurate with experience 

G o o d benefit program 

Sand re su m e to 

Express-New s Box 45o5 
San A n to n io 7 8 2 9 7 

PROGRAMMER/ 
ANALYST 

Position currently available at our corporate head­ quarters in the O''Fe metro area Basic requirements indude two years design and programming of futon etal systems ond a degree is preferred. Environment is 
OS/HASP ASP For immediate consideration, forward resume ond soktry history ta 

B a rry B ox 
Bell H e lico p te r In te rn a tio n a l 
19o1 C e n tra l D riv e 
B ed fo rd , T e x a s 7 6 o 2 1 equal cppexvMty umpiuyei M/f 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 

IM Iii J NH>P 
Ullin 

E M P L O Y M E N T 
AGENCIES flit 
Amtmm- Rf hmm* 
A is rn* wtf s$a Buts- § 
Cb4b §♦ irti 
NI otMtA Bi #$ jpquiff iffitpfefiPi 

o H i 

 rn 
I i i 

INTERNAL AUDITOR - RETAIL national home wiper* went ranter compony bus ait mmtedwt* opening fee on inlet no! audile with the M ovin g qudttxoitons 

• Accounting doge** 

• Exponent* in internal auditing ut public accounting with t>q I him emphasis on ratodmg 

• aration! commumcotivt skills 

• Ability IO work eMtamely with ob levels of th* orponuetran 
We era o growth compony and off** catodont potential for advene em* at along 
•nth on exceptional benefit package Mdodwif paid shul mg Solely com 

 ntnsurate auth experience 
Hums a now position ond wM roquet some travel to venous compony retail state locations 
Heave submit yow itsumes end votary history to lipless I News lox ASO* sen Antonio W » 
W e a r * o n e q u a l o p p o rtu n ity e m p lo y e r 

SYSTEM ANALYST 

Ground floor opportunity with growing software ond con­ sulting Firm spa uahung in Burroughs I 17oo installation in route distribution industry Qualifications include; a 
Bachelor's dogie* and minimum 2 yrs exp with a motor vendor, consulting firm, or similar compony Proficiency in 
(OBOL ond IPG is required CommunKOttons ond Bur­ roughs exp very helpful Soktry open Some hovel re­ quired 

MARCHBANKS A PARKER, INC 
4538 Centerview Br. Seda 11S 

Sen Antonio, TX 78128. 
512-734 19o9 

I (ta rn a l A is s u e 
I S M , 
IP I t B W I im 
A>o4 
Since too# isnt § f metal ra»nt C i m r t q i M i o rt* ! n ' x ii 

 urailVf BMEC1oR ire ira >4o to I i i vie UU* »*oi 
• esuunsitoH lei att oourutmns of 
MXA a* ahi se# am dhow m .utveo im 
Ie or M int M a w anotta r««U>*mq 
I U umO u t o • n o o r y h w D u ho* us*ione o4 muM.tr a llo ” w alk p>vnuroften et Buduots erne io n it ut i * O' unm et ut** alruna***# w ot bahoo* to t v alu ate# * too* hat I Sui i ai ■ a ttU m ieratro item u t ant Soon re to tM to in n b o tonn Lite r# * * C o u ncil 4ok m urk et si aw* A ntonio To totes 

 t n t iiament etna* h O M ira < »» 
-.•ala Oat* «i i*u na ski an office. h p re p n o |i> My d a tu m * hue 
•wa* B L ' t m 

 fu s .trail O ro 'ah i. 
SOC I ti A t S t T I X A * s t a r e u h iv f c o s t T v 
Al SICH: NCfc MALI Oik i t TON 
Live rn un*>!tut) 
D u ll* * 
L r a u i n an tnnivtn uo* c nu n -.aluta re te ll >> a n n o tin e o r a#! -J-t- m ill* » iu it to le C h o n tune# in ru n ii am sfte h*»in«Mx« n o n or r« i« t* n #»u* > .* n , * or etal i en Mentor * O va'** Au f ra Oeta#• I i m b ab* u n iv t i 
*>' *•> *eMMa« ani* « saw le o n * S tn lc U a iv e r tit* 
H eom lit . I th v w v A n m 
Sraiura# san 
Mura a* t x t*A*4 A tt M S i l l t 

 th tau ta em emir mu*.* ne Awn 

Executives 
Managers 
Professionals 

M ost o f the better, higher payin g lo b s are riot ad ver­ tised H aldane can show yo u how to fin d these lobs and ho w to get the inter views Send yo u r resum e to day or call now fo r a no cost o r o b lig a tio n interview . 
Not a placement agency! 

W X 
H l & e r n a rd 
I la Ida ne s»re*- ism,* a s s o c i a t e s 

The o n ly nation a l job counseling and career m anagem ent service. 

San A n to n io 
Century Bidi; 84 NE Loop 41o 
Suite 276 West / Dept I 
(612) 342 -1166 
San Antonio Tunas 78216 
A lso H o u sto n and D allas, 
Calili! t HT CUT IVE 
Hrqioi ai uftui-. Huston lh . (M o 
, ClewipW Dallas Dnno.t Houston 
Los Aniji-tm 
* i auci*. 
Tampa 
NewVork PMiHtalphi* Washing!©!) 

-oCKE 
EMPLOYMENT 
SERVICE 

CAU JOHN VEST 
826-9671 

CIVIL ENGR: 
Registered, Expr. with consulting firm, local, 
S17K, Fee nego. 

MECH ENGR: 
Hi speed * light mfg., electro-mechanical; 
Perform in quality con­ trol function. 515 • I8K, fee pair) 

CIVIL ENGR: 
I -3 years expr. con­ sulting, subdivision, streets. SII • 15K Fee nego. 

PRODUCTION SUPT. 
Structural steel, cut, weld; jig, interpret prints. SIS . ISR tee paid. 

•26-9671 
2446 League St. 

INDL! ATRIAL 
ENGINEER 

Large boat m anu­ facturer in Austin is seeking a recent 

 graduate with a 

B S . I E . and 
o-2 

 years experience. 
W ill work with other 

 industrial engineers in performing time 

 studies, line balan­ 

 cing techniques and facilities studies. Ex­ 

 cellent opportunities 

 for advancem ent. 

Send resume to: 

GLASTRON 
BOAT CO. 

P E R S O N N il D IPT. 

9 1 o 8 R e e d Or. 

A u stin , To aas 7 8 7 S t 

 iu u a i oe»o«TUFWTT unetOTi* m f 

CONSTRUCTION 
PERSONNEL 

 immeA ut* Opaaing bt Leif* 
•utWMf Con* truth ow tampa ny 

PROJECT 
SUPERINTENDENTS 
IO yr*. Constr act ran ixpenuut* 
Ape 3o-58 

FIELD ENGINEERS 
2 yr* l ip*newt* 

Must It Witling fu Mere ft mu City hi City 

Lend Resume in (onftaonra In 

 franklin Kohutek 

• f-W CONSTRUCTION 

CO., INC 

P O BOX 621 

 ftAAPU, IfXAS 74541 

Ae iquul Opportunity fmpliyer 

PROGRAMMER 
ANALYST 

> Knowledge id IKR Cen fury Computers 

* Minimum one yew heavy programming, prefer tm yews 
* Must be Md# to pre 
B m MAI I LITEL H quag* ta design, 

 pi agrom and m aintain 
•ran m existing systems 

GOOD SA U R Y 

HUN G! l f N H I TS 

A w in tartan >it 

SALES 
TERRITORY 
MANAGER 

San Antonio A re a 

Immediate opening with Breck ’ , the finest narnej in hair care products. 

Candidate must be decisive, energetic individual! with 
1-3 years successful selling record in I national consumer package goods. 
Degree j preferred. Travel involved. 

Enjoy competitive edge with quality products! that have earned trust and respect and the J strong support of a national multi-media pro­ motion and marketing program. 

Benefits include salary plus commission with! company car and expense allow ance. Strongly! m otivated sales oriented individual should sendj resume with salary history to-. 

Mr. Francis E. Tierney 
761 I Carpenter Freeway 
Dallas, Texas 7 5 2 4 7 
John H. Breck, Inc. 

 an equal opportunity employer, m/f 

6o7-SAUS 
6o2 -SAUS 
(o2 SAUS 

NEW 
DATSUN DEALERSHIP 
OPENING SOON 

Applications are being taken for experienced sales people and qualified service technicians. 
Ex­ cellent career opportunity, fine working conditions in new facility, many good benefits including in­ surance, hospitalization, etc. 

P le a s e se n d re s u m e o r le t t e r o f q u a lific a tio n s to : 

OUR EMPLOYEES KNOW OF THIS AD 
APPLY IN STRICT CONFIDENCE TO 
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS 
P.O. BOX 449o 

AREA SALES MANAGER 

M ust be an individual with the ability to sell 

W e are a totally com puterized credit detection 

 service that allows the businessm an, by mean* of the 

 telephone to accept anybody * check, or approve onyone s application for credit. In 3 seconds! 

 lf selected, you will represent the w orld s largest 

 com pany of its kind where the “ a v e ra g e " sales 

 representative will earn over $ 2 o ,o o o , enjoys an ex­ 

 cellent benefit program and 
Has unlimited o p ­ 

 portunity for personal growth 

It you re confident tho! you are sales m anagem ent 

 m aterial, please call; 

Sam San M a rc o -P re s id e n t 
D A T A S EA R C H 
51 2/342-81 83 or w rit*: 
P O. Box 13698, Son Antonio, Tx. 76213 

EXECUTIVE SALES 

Salary $8 oo - $ 1 3 o o Per M onth 

Expanding national corporation needs I# Itll a limited number af 

 openings a Sen Antonio and surrounding arces Starting salary SIGO 

Ie $13oo ptt month Commissions plus banus oyer salary, campratran- 

 su* training monag*m«nt sporran hts r*tu*m*nt plan Equal op­ 

 portunity tmptoywrage no ba*h*t-M/F Inquiries held rn confidence 

Call P atsy Y o u n g (5 12) 8 2 8 - 6 3 o 9 or send letter or resume to: 
Patsy Y o u n g 
Suite 2 1 6 , D A M Bu ilding 
San A n to n io , T e x a s 7821 7 

6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

RIGHT-OF-WAY AGENT mon Sees sura wmmM xkhranrai !•*■*<•> my tom- 
M e n *t rtwonwi tot •••anam ni'KM » ra. (I) ftort ti rata I* 
.ilk «wimi i. k ra i im imI mf.!., 
W M wut Un IS) non »i»nMU • 
< mon on mfoltono* oat rn not M KI. 

Attention a w . Melton, Directer of 
Portnnnol 
7.o Sex SOOS 
Irvine, Texas 75o61 
□ ft Of IRVING 

$ 1 7 5 P E R W IE K 

 for Written agreement 

Now hiring Full A Port 

 time Compony will train. 

Coil 9 to 9. 

735-6151 

★ ★WANTED* A 
HEAVY DUTY 
TRUCK 
SALES SPECIALISTS 

Mission 
Chovrolet, 
Bexar 
County} wily 
Chevrolet 
Heavy Duty Truck Agency, needs experienced 
Sales 
Specialist. Great Compony benefits, hospitalisation, in­ surance plan, demo ond ga; furnished, salary pius com mission. 
An equal ap port unity employer 

Contact: Nob!* 

Brock, 9 2 4 -2 3 1 1 . 
MISSION 
CHEVROLET 

Advertising Sales 

The classified advertising departm ent of the Express /N ew s is in need of a strong sales oriented individual to sell advertising for our outside sales division. 

The candidate should possess two years of college, some outside sell­ ing ond or newspaper advertising experience. N eat appearance, pleasant personality, sincerity and dedication are also important. 

For this type of individual we will pay top dollar which w ill include a base salary plus a top notch commission program as w ell as a host of employe benefits, including two weeks vacation after the first year. 

 lf you are self-motivated, well-organized and enjoy meeting and working with people this job m ay be for you. 

Do these qualities fit you? lf so, please apply to the Express/N ew s personnel office M onday through Friday, 9 A .M . to 4 P.M . 

T h e S a n 
A n t o n i o 
E x p r e s s / N e w s 
Third and E Streets 

An Equal Opportunity Em ployer 

 s a l e s ~ \ 
Becom e a 

 professional 

Pharm aceutical 

Representative 

 for Riker 

 lab o rato ries, Inc. 

 a 3M Com pany 

 lf you have a college de­ gree in science, preferably in biology, or equivalent experience, such as para­ medical background, with an ability to learn quickly, then we have on outstan­ ding training program to help you enquire the kno­ wledge ana skills nec­ essary to become a real professional represen­ tative promoting pha­ rmaceuticals to physicians in San Antonio and Laredo, 
Texas. 

 lf you want a sales career with a dynamic ond pro­ gressive company with an excellent starting salary, bonus, compony car and company-paid medical and retirement program, please call: 
Bob Washburn 
(512) 344-4581 
Sun. 2/13 1PM-6PM 
Mon. 2/14 9AM-5PM 
Un (qual or a .rt.ra > tMQtoyo M/I 

OUR COMPANY 
EXISTS 

BECAUSE OF 

ITS SALES 
PEOPLE lock mount hi otto et Mu. mo*! auca ou Kit on# | dynamic corporation. In 
Aneuric#. 
' W. ar. look#!# for on f individual with doric# 
I do tram morion, end *rick- to-rt.iu.ee 
T S . •■coot­ ie iqnol quality al our he- 
, duetrioi amdwti will 
* accur. tteoir wee by rn. rlrtuuHy rara* typo at 
■ a ■ n Wo otter 
* Avoro#* rotary and commit cion ournlnot 
Merit 
.acarid 
*22.ooo Mi# Nrst 
M W . 
* Comoiritoly a.Hib- lithyd, protected „ territory that build* ? 
/.scoot aminate 
# 
* No tome ary toto or haws# account* 
* Int.nriv* c lo. .room and fiald Irotnmy 
* Capone, ond out- e tared if-q 
Iring# banatite. 
* Are bonaci aggur, tun icy tor ad- van*#mra>t. 
It you tea*# rn et .bi. ane. g layneant 
/ac rad. euc- c#cctvl Mila. buck yr oared, and a linear# d#tir# to 
•ntra • .alae car a ar, Men 
,uf ' M * TOV will look tor To wrang# tor on K.t.rri.w talj to|. tact on Monday tor Mr. 
Say I#*, 

(3 o 3 ) 32 o -1 7 9 4 

RoCKMoUNT 
CORPORATION 

I Oriupi oggorCerntty 
•mgioyer m/1. 

Robinson's Lodio* store 

 at Terrell Ptaxa hot several epwnings tor: 

SALESPERSONS 

I ip*'win* puf*rr*4, but net 
•statMni W* (ga otter imu til* 
OMWhtmhi ta ram a gout! ut. tom# wrtti pmvbilrtitc let od 
*ont*m*iit 
And th* following b*iwfih 

• F#rmen##1 busrtMM 

TIS-5631 Bsf 382 

"87•fisTtlniirF no. uf.7T 
Concultant* int I t*#i council C uncuHants 
*24) IM I*, Suit* *4o 
SIS t !*-«*I 
TTAfitl e 
Prtvai# C n lh o iic in * tilu h « n i* 
SOUkMM a «uol.ti«d leuc brr m ill sum * kneeled** al S p a n is h ftraent «roOuata pretarrdd hen 
• til* M i Iud* til.* * * colat t h is t 
»#«» Sand full lexeme aith thor attar r#taf#nc#s in .antra. n.« ta 
Max SS**. * cpi#** and New*, tu ft 

TEACHERS! 
Swot lulu Id <4 f OCK. Arr plu<#m#«t s e t Ab-, l l M SONNt i Sr * 
M I Ja i S ta n A attar l l l i t ] 
— iT im r K r w r m — 
* f n m e t y d u ll#* will titm ice lh# 
•Jionninu dr • t io p m c n ' a n d .rn 
Otam#ntatt#re et it un ne* «c(t*tlt#s rn newntgl h##i|h and tot i«i etc t H l t H#ciw>r#k »ti v c # a d m im e lf Oily# ond t> U itn rf ck.lie gut 
. ‘ I l l H S I • in K I. MIU I f r o in wutli Mood mu! turin, I un 

A flutter Ti ame# 
M oira insurance: Co c a r e e r o pportun ity 
19*9*4- co il o a t ! D aniel* U t 22*1 
SN t L L INC A S N E L L IN G t mg Sec, 4* GUI Sutta IS* t u t --S U YRFNKIH6 ot seilin# lh* on* thin# eyer yen* n#*ds- 
Mtral fes to le f W# ll trout fu ll or aet Him# Easy t# ao w ith ##r epetioi o f # t « * * io n a ! t r a t n in # senora teo expat irate# n#«#ssuty 
W« Im nun all huy#rt and eratar* 
•rn you Md n#ig you ort lit#n*#e quick IU. ta ll iN r t h >T ATB 
J IS o7 SS Id * P r n 
___________ 

A ttadllpri s i H a q .n t c 
S lu e terud, COH 141 i m 

Ndaprtrt A Mpjra M tdicol rteo 

Orator##* Muriigat dec# 

 dart HoHdayt 

Nu M fM OpooMfs 

Woos* Cai 

Mrs. WaNecd 

824-7528 

AVON 

I ST * YO U GA I M O U E OUT 
OE L l* i 
Mer!v >. rout agura tu m ty I# e o f ii (riuttev min g rit# * , Oo«#« », gar c a n a l i#Cuyii(tiun C u ll 22*9*41 tm m*m m otion 

 t X P t R I C N C C D 

SHOE 
PERSON 

Wonfpd to Mh high grade 
Mas shoes. 

Cell for appointment 
Mr# Ntfib tw m 
3 4 3 -o 7 7 1 
QU AR ANJ ti SHOES 

 a u s in f c c m a c m n# * * o l# sm # n with itMBNOo#tri#trt oratantwl h u h * cofi la ta * g«< .a n s «##d#d 
C u iitin is ri#ri griri porc#W>ee# >«9ta*4* 
SJM I WH* 
_ _ _ _ 
_ _ 
Tie* O u i wa hoy# • roc# e m e e r i«gti#n* I# Swill Spanish #np lurtfly tar a taw intact ###•!« im 
* '•#*•*•' 
O em tee re m a n * * M IW n*« M ul# *♦ A d . « r it » m # #»# 
B f i i ! S A I t t M A M hifhiy d.e.i abir Smut » t u t O#*#tapm#ol > «... torn,up* md 
Alomtata tid *99 Apply in mot ten ar cabni.i d*g«t>d ###n tout ta isp «ynit *>•!*’ ti #< • Iii • t i l i i taitc • 
U H W 

D istrict 

Sales M g r. 

This leading m anufacturer of TV products has an exceptional opportunity fo r an e x ­ ecutive caliber District Salas M a n a g er w ho w ill be based in the Houston, San Antonio, 
Southern Texas area. 

W e prefer individuals who have solid Merchandising ability and the Managerial skills to Handle key ac­ counts. 
Entertainment 
Products knowledge is desirable for this growth opportunity. Previous ex­ perience in selling major appliances. Traffic Ap pliances or TV would be applicable. Knowledge of 
Houston, San Antonio, Southern Texas Area Market 
Place would be helpful. 

Com pensation includes an excellen t starting salary, sales incentive pion, com pan y car and com prehensive com pany paid benefits package. Send resume and salary history in com plete confidence to: 

Kathi W oods-D ept. 4 

 a t PMIce a ffirm a tiv e wet I a is 
Is seriou s b u siness 
Philco 

7 o o Ellicott St. 
B a ta v ia N Y 1 4 o 2 o 

An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F 

RETAIL STORE 
MANAGER TRAINEES 

R jd to S h ack, one of the n a tio n s leaders in consum er electronics. has a num ber of positions avail­ able for store m anager trainees 

W e have framing program s do- feigned for college graduates, m ill. idly retirees and individuals with at least two years good hard bales experien ce These are ground floor opportunities to begin training with the giant in our industry offering advancem ent and a very lucrative bonus plan com puted on • store profitability 

C a " to arrange for 

 a p e r s o n a l t r ie r w o w 

7 3 9 - 9 1 6 1 
Radio /hack 
A TAM I 

AN t (JI IAI fibril i. 

C O M P A N Y 
’ .NIT# I MPI OVIB 

SALES 
Medical 
■ Sales 

Leading division ©I Amen- can Hospital Supply Cor­ p oration. involved in the manufacturing and safe of 
Single use m edical d e ­ vices. seeks college gradu- a ie with 2 years sates experience to jotn a most dynam ic team 
We ate lo o k in g tor a highly motivated individual with the ambition and ability 
IO lake ad.anlage ot the Opportunities offered by 
— * -la b ltsh e d com pan y m a grow ing h eld al marketing experience and distribution 
Med i exposure would be a plus 
Will hospitals in the San Antonio area be selling to 

 ll you possess these tfuits we ofter > e E xcetient salary, bonus and e Car allowance and expenses e Full benefits program 

 rn Challenge and unlimited opportunity t i tat grown! and cateer advancement 

©cent I VU urogram 

 final 

It you have high career objectives resume immediately lo pie# 

PEHbONNiL DEPT . T 
P O Box 13oo Glendale CA Si TOO 

 rte ere en affirmative action employer male/female 

 ieee e t sueeta 9###n9 ep e e y e w S e iS e r s e A i . ... . 
- 
- n r - 
. - 
, ty ra n t# 
P y i W U U o K # U ra S t! un# to w • •>m *iii>i ta w#>t tty 
| * ta ry tau* C9ki9*«»M»!« tm * ta * l 
% 
MUH. w a ► l e e r y e n Amt##*# 
#M«. « tau l r «.» .»« #«.#•#«. 
I* 
. t f f i M y m q l t IJS U M r u t * Attar m et!*# S tra ta «••• tm* ran »#»<•»*.»« ##«t » •* 
Stay** M * 
' T MV VTWV W U* ira rn* i * *•< it rn .VI 
I *ti I I I IM I 
Tr -rr 
UL niWHMtSSiM m f I 

■I*«a» Kl ma# .al atria I rag tai ta*# a**... Iritat . #!. I# H *I 'ta I t l l 

 customs a sate vies s 
M A N A O S a 
SUH o ver Ivtaurian*. a can r#c#rd* otto m a k e • vports. C o m m u nK O t* pi (KUK! avail'Jbiirty end tachntcul 
" ra tta r* Ie (raid p # i* o n n a i a n d custM w r* Mona## vol#! e u e ro iionoi orate* e t tm o il autom oltv# e t tartiad In m Cotta## d*#r«( end 
I year *xu#rt#nc# in tai#* a n d custorisur survie# in a n e r . n«iptai s lu r t Si,*99 Bur m outh rand r e sum# ta Attn 
O o Hunter A o 
Sox t l l f l 
S ir na Station San A n 
(sets. Tx, im * 

ENCYCLOPAEDIA 

BRITANNICA 
Sat# so e on tv ar* a m a n g m a te ak 
•st arad in in* aor to 
I. Im m rafcota even tna* 
J We will tram 
I Must ho** cai 
4 W« w ork loud* ouui o a s is 
P a r a a rso n a t tnt#rvt#«r 
________ 731 U B S ________ 

Bmmm 

F * >• o re iY 
Lett im t if f - H H ) 11 
S '*a#r<*n(«4' IU # * "§#l son a e t d 
. . ______ va M u »! aa** unuwi###. of a m .* i f t a i l ara# SA*** 
■••!*•«»!. ,i 
» » *II ana or orates oauiameni 
*' 
“ 
C on C o e l in ow tai I v s m m i a# rae 
■urn A S I tar t v i i i I- A M O '* 
R f r w $ r a r ~ — 
* 
O o it id * t a i* * ' ta#* I c a ' N o 
• m n #tawi S< ta # >#*v«wy Star I in k t Ais#. I me*** maul S'1* 
SASSA SOW A v illa ti*# *** 

WM M 
I 

INSTRUMENTATION 

SALIS 

Pacemaker 

 experience preferred 

San Antonio area 
Send complete resume 

3 93 o Kirby Dr.^ 
Suit* 14o 

Houston, Tm. 77o98 

" W l ’W iU R i U t ROU* * k**aae Hta# awl s«.a setasm6 
•era RMS mut>< and •*»•# Sacauu cammistiant a r * tn « s » r ik g A 
# v# i 
W O 
* # s lm a n t - i i i * 
• autom an! 1 Ara# (ran tin g ar# 
• rife 
H 
I 
M o a ., a I 
M*a#s 184 n UUU# • #ri**r. SI tan M#,ra<ta,t#ta. tien n R p B i f p 

 k « a s u 
#.* 

 mu M n tar t a t 
J 
! 
Co# SvM* f t r a t a W Ita l 
Statal 
SMI 
I rat f#*n# OMI I rata 
SN BLJ ira® A SN* 11 ING 

NEWS BOHUS ABS 
2 LINES 
S SIZE SAVINGS. . . K W , 

 rn 

HOH COMMERCIAL! 
C A N C E LLA B LE 
W IT H O U T 
R A TE C H A N G E 
Am J m 9 m I m P m P V P 

Q U I C K R E S U L T S ! 

SALES 
6o2 SALES 

BEALL’S 
DEPARTMENT STORE 

S eeking e x p e rie n c e d 
CLOTHING SALESPEOPLE 

Full & PARTTIME 
OPENINGS AVAILABLE 

O ther positions also a v a ila b le 

• MANAGEMENT TRAINEE 
• MEN’S CLOTHING 
SPECIALIST 

• ALTERATIONS PERSON 

A p p ly in person 
288 Central Park Mall 

 equal opportunity em ployer 

6o2 SALES 

J 

N ATIO N AL EXPANSIO N 
REQUIRES 
SALES AND SALES M ANAGER 
WHO W ANT: 

• Higher Income a Advance Type Drawing Account 

• Mure 8 Security 
• Complete Training Program 

• Rapid Advancement 
• Company Paid Insurance 

• High level Commissions 8 Overrides 

• Representative Income Average $3o,ooo 

• Manager Income in Top 2% of Nation 

Notional expansion program requires posi­ tions to be filled this week — must be able to start immediately — bondable — direct sell­ ing experience for soles of our unique ad­ vertising program. No interviews held on phone.. .for appointment coll: 

Phil W eth erb y, 3 4 4 -4 5 8 1 

TELEPHONE SALES 
SALARY—FULL OR PART TIME 

The Am erican A utom obile Association is now interview ing prospective sales representatives to start im m ediately. Selected applicants w ill be thoroughly trained and w ill begin earning salary from first day. Leads are p ro vid e d , e x ­ cellent commissions, bonuses and fringe benefits are part an outstanding com ­ pensation plan for perm anent fu ll tim e sales sta ff who w ill receive guaranteed salary. Part tim e telephone sales representatives also re­ quired and w ill receive guaranteed salary. For appointm ent call 

M rs. Russell 7 3 6 -4 6 9 1 

AM ER IC AN AUTO M O BILE A S S O C IA TIO N 

3 2 3 SPENCER LANE 

An Equal Opp ortu n ity Em ployer 

HOUSE OF JEANS 

 n o w ta k in g a p p lic a tio n s a t all sto res 

• MANAGER TRAINEES—Must bove 2 yrs. college or equivalent experience in retail or management. 
Must be able to relocate 

• ASST. MANAGERS — Must have retail or manage­ ment experience 

• SALES PEOPLE—Retail experience preferred but not required. 

 apply in person only at nearest House of Jeans 

 applicants must ba willing to be polygraphed 

South Pork Mall 
4124 Blanco Rd. 
5114 fredericksburg Rd. 
834 SW Military Dr. 
9o7 S WW. White Rd. 
Central Park Mall 
Wonderland Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

•quo! opportunity employ*! 

ATTENTION LICENSED 
LIFE AGENTS 
Are you a good hie producer not earning what 
„ 
_ you desire? Hove you considered the multi line approach* Is prospecting a problem? lf you desire to chat regarding the possible rewords of multi line, a unique m arket, nest pro spec ting, and a host of other unique foetors, it may be worth your time to investigate 
W e offer a Negotiable salary plus bonuses, (not draw) and excellent fringe benefits. 
L 

Call Frank X . Rodriguez betw een 1 1 - 2 at 5 1 2 - 6 5 5 - 7 5 1 3 

HORACE M A N N 
EDUCATORS 

---------------------------------------------------- 

I 

I 

W e are presently looking for a 
Bouto 
Sales 

Merchandiser for tho San Antonio area. Tho position 

I consists of Solos and Service to rotail customers. 

R oute Sales M e rc h a n d is e r 

Tho successful applicant should h ave 

School Degree and a valid Drivers License. 

H ig h 

W a offer excellent em ployee benefits and o p ­ 

 portunity. lf yow qualify and ara Intorostod confact: 
M r. Parsons at 6 5 3*45 o2 
R OO A .M . to 3 :o o P M . 

S a v-A -S to p , Inc. 

TOP SALES 
OPPORTUNITIES 

CALL V IC SALIN) 

8 2 6 -9 6 7 1 
LOCKE 
Employment Service 

SALES REP. 

Individual with business- related degree. Preferably 
Mktg. 
To call on com­ mercial accts. N o t'I com­ pany sales expr. 
To 
$ 1 o .2 K + comm. + ex­ penses. 

SALES TRAINEE 

Degree, strong person­ ality, recent arad 
Leads to mgmt. Not ? co. $8.4K . 
Vt fee paid. Vi reimb. 

SALES REP. 

Conservative individual with degree. 
Previous sales contact with bus iness 
& professional people. 
To relocate. 
To 
$ 1 o .8 + bonus + car + expenses. Fee & reloca­ tion paid. 

MANAGER TR. 

N o t I co. seeks degreed individual or non degreed with heavy retail expr. To relocate later. To $9.4K . 

SALES REP. 

Degreed mole or female with one position since college to relocate in SW 
U.S. To $1 IK + bonus + expenses. Fee paid. 

PR. SUPERVISOR 

N a tl co. seeks degreed fem ale or mole to reloc­ ate. Most travel by oir. To 
$ I OK 
+ expense acct. 
Fee paid Relocation paid. 
4 9 4 - 7 7 1 1 
826 9671 2446 Ceegec St. 

WAKE UP! 

It should be obvious that there ore only 2 ways lo make ony real money rn 
Son Antonio • go into business for yourself, or toke o commission sales position 
I am talking about o full time pro­ fessional sales career with the oldest and largest in­ ternational organization of its kind in existence I am talking about an op­ portunity to build a con­ sistently glowing income which is based on that ability of yours that you hove been dying to use 
Benefits include Pension pion. free life insurance, motor health insurance, and personal as well os professional growth 

This could be that (OF 
PORTUNITY IO IDI AK INTO 
SAUS WHICH YOU NAVI 
OFTfN THOUGHT ABOUT) 

We furnish o complete training program 
U hs experience nor necessary, some of our most sue cessful people have no background in sales 

(5 12 ) 3 4 9 -3 718 

M onday -Friday 

1o a .rn .-4 p .m . 

SALESMAN 
OPPORTUNITY 
UNLIMITED! 

 leading manufacturer of pro fictive rootings M in ts individual to sell our line in Son Antonio and surrounding areas 

Individual chosen will sell a well established line ol INDUSTRIAL 
PRoUCTIVI COATINGS, tool coat ings and paints with unlimited steady repeat soles 
Average 
$4oo and more per week full commission pad weekly Ne in­ vestment 
Rapid advancement potential 

We supply all selling equipment free Ail you invest is your siding time Write Colonml Refining and 
Chemical Ca., PO lax 
2197, flocky liver. 
Ohio 441U 
An tquoi 
Opportunity tmpleyet, 
M f 

 full CHARGE 

6o7 SAUS 

EXECUTIVE 
SALESPERSON 

$24,ooo + COMMISSION 

 growing Energy Can­ field. Yoe 
Join the cenation field. You will coll on business people only You must look, dress ond be sharp local young company with tremendous 

C enhal Coll Monday- 
Interview. 

Positions available in outlying areas Also Laredo, Seguin, San 
Marcos, etc. etc. 

5 1 2 - 6 8 1 - o 6 o o 

 lung c o A 
Tuesday I 

662 SALES 

REAL ESTATE SALES 
Our expansion program has eaenad several residantial sales petitions ar career-erionted persons with ar 
WITHOUT ex­ perience. Yeur success petential is thoroughly explored in ear CON­ 
FIDENTIAL interview pregrem. H you ere eccepted, yea benefit 
1 (rem ear extensive in-house training program ond ear proven success patterns 
Coll 
Jerry 
Seagrove, 824-o121, et eur Son 
Pedro 
Office or frank 
Wxetherbex, 
342-3211, al our fredericksburg Rd. Office, or dill 
McGinnis, 
494-7651, 
OI our 
Breokhellew 
Office, 
ISH O Son 
Pedro. 

REALTORS 5 o YRS. O f TRUST 

OPENINGS in 
M erle Norm an 
Cosmetics 

 for sales persons with 2 yrs. retail sales ex­ perience. 
Cosmetic ex­ perience not required. 
Permanent, full time only. 

Applications for Valley Hi and Wonderland taken ot 
Wonderland Mall - all others at Windsor Park Mall 

S a n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S N E W 
S — S u n d a y F e b r u a r y 13 1977 
P a g e 
I 7 - C 

WW* MORICAL 
6o4 TECHNICAL 
6o6 

HOME SALES 
CORPORATION 

JIM WALTER HOMES has opening for sales personnel, no Real 
Estate license required. 
Must hove good transportation, votary plus commission, ond all benefits available. Contort 653 1336. 
An Equal Opportunity 
Em ployer 

NATIONAL 
CORPORATION 
Seeking sales person with drive and initiative, a self starter, and able to effectively organize their time lf you are looking for a career and not o J O B., we would like to discuss your opportunity with our firm Full training program, base income up to 
SI2oo per month and fringe benefit program provided For confidential interview, coll George K Wilcox, Jr.: 
Between 8:3o and 12 Noon 
Mon., Tues., and Wed. 
(512) 735-47o7 

Real Estate Sales 
It you are licensed ond consider­ in g c h a n g in g c o m p a n ie s o r preparing to opply tor a license, call m e tor an interview . In addr lion to a gen ero u s c om m ission sch ed u le, we o ffe r e x c e p tio n a l office accom odations in excellent locations plus social security and 
M e d ic a l In s u ra n c e p a y m e n ts 
RUSS K L IN G IN S M IT H , 342 41oo 
WORLDWIDE REALTY 
R E A L E S T A T E SALES 
W anted 
3 licensed agents w illing to enter a tra in in g p ro g ra m de siqned to turn you into o m illion dollar produced w ithin 9o days. 
Full tim e only. 661-o66o. 

RED CARPET 

------- 

J r cit 

 sales P art tim e person w anted to do e s tim a tin g 
Leads p ro v id e d 
M ust have car and be neat and dependable. Call 226 2387 

PROGRAMMER 
Swearingen Aviation Corporation has immediate re­ quirement for experienced Programmer. Position re­ quires at least 2 years experience programming business type applications Also, requires 18 to 24 months experience with COBOL. RPG must be learned in minimum time, if not already proficient 
BAL is desirable. IBM 36o or 37o is desired, but experience with ony medium to large scale main frome is acceptable A good working knowledge of IBM, OS job control language. 

This position provides stable employment, good starting salary, and fringe benefits. 

Interested applicants should apply in person at the employment office, Swearingen Aviation Corporation, 
International Airport, San Antonio, Tx. (Come East on 
Bitters Road past Blossom Athletic Center, turn right on 
NE entrance toad.) 

S W 
E A R 
I N 
G 
E N 
W d 

C O N f ’O 
K A f IO A J 
. d A H 
A Subsidiary of Fairchild Industries 
An (qiml Opportunity Employer 

N 
M 
N 
M i a 
M 
M 
M 
M 
B 
I M i M 
M 
I M 
M 
M i 

ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 
6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

6o6 
ADMINISTRATIVE 

FINANCIAL 

I CCOI M I M ; 
GER 

* 
1 
5 
, 
o 
o 
o 
T 
O 
*2o.oO T R 

H o m e c r o f t 
C o r p o r a t i o n is s e e k i n g a n a m b i t i o u s , s t r i v i n g i n d i v i d u a l to 

 a s s u m e r e s p o n s ib ilit ie s o f c o n s o l i d a t i n g o u t d i v is io n a c c o u n t i n g a c t iv i t i e s a t 

 t h e r e g io n a l le v e l. 
M a n u a l A c c o u n t i n g s y s t e m . 
W i l l r e p o r t d i r e c t l y t o t h e 

R e g io n a l C o n t r o ll e r . 

P o s itio n r e q u ir e s d e g r e e in a c c o u n t i n g o r d e g r e e in r e l a t e d f i e l d w i t h a c ­ 

 c o u n t in g b a c k g r o u n d , 
2 t o 
4 y e a r s a c c o u n t i n g e x p e r i e n c e a n d d e s i r e to 

 a s s u m e in c r e a s in g r e s p o n s ib ilit ie s in t h e a r e a o f a c c o u n t i n g . 

W e a r e lo o k in g f o r a n i n d i v i d u a l a t t h e f o r m a t i v e s t a g e o f h is o r h e r 

 c a r e e r w h o w o u ld lik e t o t a k e th is o p p o r t u n i t y t o g r o w w i t h o u r c o m p o n y . 

B e g in n in g s a la r y c o m m e n s u r a t e w it h e d u c a t i o n , e x p e r i e n c e a n d p r e s e n t 

 e a r n in g s . 

S a l a r y a n d p e r f o r m a n c e r e v i e w e v e r y 6 m o n t h s . C o m p a n y p a i d b e n e f it s . 

P r o f it s h a r in g . 

 l f y o u a r e in t e r e s t e d in g r o w t h p o s i t i o n c o ll c o ll e c t 

O R S T N I J R T S ! A I T T O 

O . O . I I O X 
I / . I i I 
I A 
T O N I O . 
T I V O , 

/ 
• ■ 
■ 
" 
■ 
M 
B 
R 
^ 
C entury 2 P 
REAL ESTATE CAREER 
UCINSfD UNUCfNSE D 
Earn while you learn Do to ex­ pansion we are seeking high caliber people who have no ceiling 
Unlicensed? lets discuss your future ond learn about our on the job training progiom LICENSED? learn all about our soles develop meat program 
Good companies attract good people — in turn, good people make good com­ panies This could be the start of a 

?reoi association for you — for us! all lame Glascock or Bill Cuddy for 
> o confidential interview 
I 
_ 656-7717.494-1951 — 

SALES REP. FEE PAID 
C o n servative in d ivid u a l w ith de gree. Previous sales contact with b u s in e s s a n d p r o f. p e o p le 
R e lo c a tio n p a id 
To 
JIO. 8 + bonus-Fcor + expenses. 
Call Vie Salini 
Locke E m plo ym ent Service 
826 9671 
2446 Ceegee 

Has im m e d ia te openings fo r 
IBM PROGRAMMER ANALYSTS 
W ith e x p e rie n c e in system 
3 7 o O .S .-V .S . I 
Excellent benefits plus stock option 
Please send resume and salary requirements to; 
M .I.S . D e p a rtm e n t H e a d 
P .O . Box BHOOT 
San A n to nio 7 8 2 8 4 
An (qual Opportunity Im p lo rer 

ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
Hotel experience, advance to controller rn I veal. for notional firm Opportunity tot ittatohon 
Tram under exponenced con troller 
Mail resume or Contact 
PASSPORT INN 
J63S N I LOOR BIO 
San Antonio, tx 71217 

A Mimeo Hotel 

 im m ediate opening for Fiscal Of 1 i heel in health held Equol Oppor | tu m tv E m p lo y e r 
M u s t h a v e a m in im u m OI th re e y e a rs e xp e r | tence in bookkeeping or a degree 
In A cco unting 
F rin g e b e n efits j 
S a la ry n e g o tia b le 
P le a s e send ’ re su m e lo S I* 1! St 
Joseph S I.. > 
Gonzales, Texas 78629 

6 o 6 . 

FINANCIAL 

6o6 ADMINISTRATIVE* 

FINANCIAL 

INDUSTRIAL 
DISTRIBUTION 
SALES 

We are opening a second 

 warehouse and need a salesperson to coll on processing 

 plants to sell piping systems, 

 drill bits, grinding wheels ond other industrial products 
Contact 
B ill S c h e ig 
THE PERRY SHANKLE 
COMPANY 
P .O . B O X 869, Son 
Antonio, 78 29 3 

SALES REP 
Im m ediate opening for a m a tu re, I self s ta rtin g responsible person j w ith p r o v e n s o le s r e c o r d to 
R e p r e s e n t S an A n to n io 's R e I spected nam e in Security D ra w 
Com pany Auto-Paid Insurance. 
Apply In Person IO to 4 daily 
S E C U R IT Y W A TC H S E R V IC E S , I 
INC 
__________ 8o7 Polios St 
SALES R E P 
Outside sales experience p re fe rre d . Strong m g m t Oppty, E stab firm 
S94oQ+. 
Coll 
Susan 
M ooney 
657-1123 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
E m p SVC. 82o.1 Rough Rider 
Soles tra in e e interest in com puter m a rk e tin g , degree 
S96oo Call Phil A rro y o 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G 8 S N E L L IN G 
E m p SVC, 96 G ill Suite 25o 

Sales T rainee interest in com puter m arketin g , degree 
$96oo Call Phil A rroyo 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m p SVC, 96 G ill Suite 25o 
Selling line assem bly, J92 w eek, need 6, com pany w ill train, h u rry . 
Call Cindy 732-2191 25o1 West Ave 
Jobs North, Inc, P locem t Svc 
S H R IN E D E A L 
E xperienced or 
! w ill tra in D aily d ra w . 227 7755 
TELEPHONE 

EXPERIENCED 
ROUTE SALESMAN 

G uarantee or 
Commission 

Phone Mr. Wofford 

2 2 6 *1 3 2 6 
For Appointment 

T o p s a la ry -b o n u s e s 
| C all fro m our Souhthside office. 
I h o u rs IO to 7pm 
P a s t r a is e s , 
I hom e im p ro ve m e n t, land e xp e r 
. tence helpful. Call today tor M rs 
Leggett, at 225-6519 
T E R R IT O R Y R E I* 
G ig a n t ic 
; corp., Local No overnight, creo 
I live soles b k r d $96oo Tom Snow. 
! 341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G j Em ploy 1o2 W R E C T O R Service t e' R- R- 
T S -ft' Y R E P 
S i g u n t~< 
• corp , Local No overnight, c rea 
! live soles b k r'd $96oo Tom Snow. 
341-2551 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploy IQI W R E C TO R Service 
WANTED IN THIS AREA 

ESTATE 
SALES 

I need ? oagtmive agents prefer bi hnguol, full lime 
• 6o% Commissions Paid 
• (xcetlenf working (auditions 
• Plenty of loods 
YOU WK UM USI 
SAN ANTONIO RIAL IST ATI 
Realtors — 349-6531 
, 
3 2 3 1 WEST A V E. 

3 PEOPLE WHO CAN SELL 
E arn up to $2oo to $3oo a week to s ta rt E x p e rie n c e p re fe rre d but will tra in peoole with ta les paten tial 
Leads tarnished. 
Call 
732 1139 
( An E qual O pportunity Com pany 
WANTED! 
E x p e rie n c e d R e al E s ta te S ales 
Person, lodv p re fe rre d Someone w ho is f a m i li a r w ith A la m o 
Heights and N ortheast a rea Call 
822 33o1. A tter S. 124 $991 
HARTMAN REALTORS 

ROBERT MR LF 

P 
E R 
S 
O 
N 
N 
E L A 
G 
E N 
C 
I E S 

Suite 3*n f irst N.ttion.|l Rank Bldg 
San Antonio 
Texas, 782o1 
(51?) 7T6?4t>7 

CORPORATE CONTROLLER 
...................................... 
$35,ooo 

Texas corporation seeks strong background in gas plant ond distribution accounting Set up new systems lot corporate offices. Unique opportunity. 

SR. ACCT. (Special Projects) . . . . to $21,6oo 

Must have minimum S years occtg exp Utility ex perience preferred. State & federal taxes SEC. High level special projects. 

EPP AUDIT SUPERVISOR to $25,ooo 

Experience on IBM large scole equipment audit ex perience con be industry or public. CPA required 

CASH MANAGEMENT ANALYST to $2o,ooo 

 bank acct 
Prepare cash reports, money transfers & analysis. Any letter of credit exp. a plus. 

TAX SENIOR.................................. $18,ooo 

Min. two years public or min three years oil ond gas in­ dustry taxes. Promotable position. Super benefit package. 

CONTROLLER........ 
................... to $25,ooo 

Diversified business needs strong budget/systems/cash 
How bkgd in proven controller work history. 

$9K ^ADJUSTER 
Trainee Fee pd D egree Good g ra d e , c a r-f exp relocate? 
I 
SPE ARS P E R S O N N E L Srv 
2o7 J o c k ,on K eller_______ 828 1292 
M gr Trainee. Exc. 
I 
T ra in in g p rogram advancem ent 
SH HOO, Call Rob H a llie , til 1123 
S N E L L IN G IL S N E L L IN G 
E m p Svc. 82o3 Rough R ider 
Mg I 
I rome*' c a rte l m inded. a g g ie ,,iv e for m ajo r finance co 
S66oo call Angie P rice 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G A SNELL IN G 
E m p Svc. 96 G ill Suite 25o 
M gr trainee 
,h u rp , HS grad 
Leading consum er lending Corp 
566oo ta ll Phil A rro y o 732 2261 
S N E L L IN G A S N E LL IN G 
E m p Svc. 96 GHI Suite 25o 
M G*R I 
B A lt! r t ‘ M a jo r gro w th co 
S h a rp , a g g r o ,» iv e , ,u p e r b 
I t r n ’g a nd b e n e fit*. $72oo 
Tom 
! Snow. 341 2551 
S N E LL IN G A S N E L L IN G 
I E mploy 1o7 W R E C T O R S ervice 
I P r o p e r t y m a n a g e r w a n te d , j p r e v io u , e x p e rie n c e w ith m o re 
' than I protect re p aire d S k ill, in 
I m a rk e tin g a d m in s tra tio n , book 
: keeping, in ,per hon. m aintenance, 
I a ir, heat ,v ,te m » . and p u rc h o , l in g 
R e p ly bv r e s u m e lo I i p r e ,, N e w , Box $24o. Sun Anton 
IO, 78297 
PUBLIC REL S12K 
Vie 972 7711 1233 SW M ilita ry 
922 2711 
1233 SW M ilita ry D r 
Job E x p e rt, In t P lacem ent Scr 

6o8 SECRETARIAL 

DIVISION CONTROLLER 
..................................... to $18,ooo 

Will bo administrator/controller Mining oxperionc* fast growth compony. Local Interviews 

ALL FEES PAID BY CLIENT C O M PA N IES 

NEVER A FEE TO THE APPLICANT 

 w o n to n LAW afb? HNAN4 IAI A i t * ’ L MRLOYMI NT fpMfcCtAUStfc 

 t>ver 'Ai otfw,#* Un<46*2 UL»t*» t »**<** 6 16*66* •»»♦#•*» 

V 
U * 

SECRETARY 
INSURANCE CLERK 

International airport compony need, per­ manent combination 
Secretary / incur an te 
Clerk to handle work m en, compensation ond employee group in ,uranic atony with secretarial dot ie,. 

Coll R. H. Bentley 
8 2 8 -1 3 4 1 

SECRETARY 

$fiarp penon needed foi ex eiuiive te n e t* y. mutt be peitonabte ond well vetted in oftue tkilh 

 ficeNent pay and benefift 

M A X A M e M l w f t o n 

REAL ESTATE AGENTS 
THINKING Of MAKING A 
CHANGE? 
CAU ME ABOUT .. 
TOP COMMISSIONS 
TRAINING 
TWO GROWING OffKES 
BILL SOUTHERN, 
REALTORS 
3 4 2 -4 1 7 7 

W A N T E D t o M a rt im m ediately, te v e ra l person, m ole or fem ale to te ll qu a lity s te a k , tor new com pony Call 684 4947 7AM lo 6PM 

•YOUROWII AGENCY* 
P a lm e r , insurance G roup o tte r, com plete tra in in g p ra g ro m and all ty p e , of insu rance C ontinue p resen t iota w hile s ta rtin g your own agency on p a rt tim e b a s t, 
Tra in in g and supplies furnished 
: F o r a c o n fid e n tia l in te r v ie w . 
; c o n ta c t S o le , M a n a g e r , J e r r y 
M cD ougold through the E xpress 
N e w ,. Box No $239, 78297 or call of 124-7573 

TECHNICAL 

6o4 
TECHNICAL 

PART TIME WORK-FUU TIME PAY 
A rrtw n o w (tx a , h a l I l i o n n e im m d 
M U I H I I O M 
- H U A (M iA L I 

Supplement yew interne port hme tvenm fi ond/et Saturday end $w*doyt 
6 A p p o in tm e n ts pro M f Ur you 6pm - 9 pm 
* AM sat** otdet ar* provided Ur yow 
* Training in oar held provided Ur yaw 
* Big (WMMiMdM paid weekly ♦ assistant* fees 
6 Opportunities ami earnings ara unlimited with a leader in Our Industry 

North American Towns Of Texas Inc. 
Call J. W . MCCLAY 

7JM1 111 wn 'IX V pm Ie (vhHXm im I mH (m « 

MANAGER 
Ladle » Specialty Shoo N o rttm d e 
Location Apply only if you hove proven s ale , a b ility C a ree r per son, and m issy c u s to m e r, m ust bv serviced M ultiple M ile, a re the buckbone of this o p e ratio n 
Ad v a n c e m e n t o p p o rtu n ity 
F rin g e b e n e fit, S olar v 4 b o n o . In t e r ­ view with resum e 
C A L L M ISS T A Y LO R a g M A A I 
LADIES 
M a k e $1oo per week port tim e you choose h r , Call L. Side,, 644 sloe 
9 3o 4 3o B Q I 

L e a d s - L e a d s L e a d s 
We a re looking tor a professional salesm an, a one tim e c lo » a r-to call on h u n d re d , at people in the 
San Antonio a re a 
T h o ** people h a ve e x p re s s e d in te re s t in the individual re tirem e n t account We sell annuities and pay advanced onnuoi com m issions on m onthly 
. b u s in e s s th a t is r a m if ie d F o r m o re in fo rm a tio n c o ll C o llec t 
JA C K S H U F O R D a t P R O F X * 
S IO N A L 
M A R K E T IN G 
AS 
, S O C IA TXS 714 63o 7*11 

I K 
I i f l D 
B T C I M ------------ 
We need on experienced lea sine open I or we will train you in our leu,m g dept 
Applicants m ust be fa m ilia r w ith apt industry In te r 
•stoa par son, m u tt subm it o let le i at re fere n t es and resum e and also hove a c u rra n t re a l e state s a l,m o n , license 
C o m m a , o re d e p en d en t on your a b ility O M h a rd w o rk 
Q u a lifie d p e r s o n , 
Mind le fte r, and re su m e , rn care u* 
Personnel O ra l 
1ooo W Ava. 
Austin, t x r i l l ! 

 mT nT ^ W T T Y 
-------------- 
O F F O R I U N IT Y 
L o c a l o ffic e w ith p is t o lv o f I or a m o tio n , to to n e r ai a g e n t, in lo s t t y e a r s h a s e x c e p tio n a l 
•o e n m g to r s o m eo n e w ith l o y e a r s e t s u c c e s s fu l s a le s 

MANAGER 
R e ta il store 
F re d e ric k s of Hot tyw ood is a n a tio n a l c o m p a n y fe a tu rm a g la m o u r fa s h io n , tor w om en W e have an im m e d ia te o p e n in g for a m a n a g e r in ou r 
Windsor F o rk M a ll store We ore lo o k in g fo r on a g g r e s s iv e in dividual fa m ilia r with a ll otiose* 
I of r e t a il s to r e m a n a g e m e n t 
I S p e c ia lty s hop b a c k g r o u n d p re fe rre d S a la ry plus co m m is 
■ sion ond com plete fringe benefit program Apply in per son 
I F R E D E R IC K S OF H O L L Y W O O D 
W indsor F o rk M ali 
79oo IH IS North san Antonio, Texas 
E qual O pportunity E m p lo yer 
M A R K l T ik i# R E P 
N A T I CO 
I C o r a o r a n d 
M g m t a p p t y. bonus ♦ *96oo-6 cor 
G ad 
Fox 
o 4 * 6 4 o 
F IN N E Y A Assoc P ersonnel 
Cons, SHS C allaghan No32S 
■mC r titert h o o t 
HS grad. desire tor c are er, not I 
; co, God Fox 6*4 464o 
F IN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Cows, 54IS Coltoghon Nu325 

MONEY 
M en or w om en needed tor p ro f** i ,to n a l te lep h o n e solos 
U n ig g * opportunity Day or evening coli 
G ary or B a rt 349 4*47, 349 4397, avos *2 * 4o74 tftwSll'JilTIRT--------- 
C r e w in g a g a in , n e e d m o re openly 
It you w ant a c h o ate la e a rn ond l# a rn w hile you g re w with as. ta u soon 
MAC R E A L E S T A T E 431 I H I 
O eoo rtunity in Aloe vet a and Vi 
•a m in E , C osm etic Solos, good ico m m is sio n inco m e, no a g a ta *. w ilt be in te r v ie w in g M o n ond 
Tues O N I V 735 OOO* 

ENGINEERS 
M A IN TA IN 
ABILITY 

Electronic experience re quired Familiar with 7 4 7 o series specifications 

SYSTEM SAFETY 

 ffiepare safety pion,, perform safety ona!y»is, per 
8 8 2 
M il specifi­ cation, 

TECHNICAL 
WRITERS 

Experience witfi electro­ mechanical and digital equipment, knowledge of 
M il. specification,. 

HIGH RATES 
OVERTIME 
Umporery Etnptoymmi 

S T S I n c . 
P. o. lee 14741 
JU,!**. Texas 71/61 

(qua* Opportunity tmpteyvi K l 

SP ASSOCIATES 

Professional fm pioym ant 

Consultant, 
IS M IM . loop 41o 
828-5573 

S E R V IC E T E C H N IC IA N 
E lectro m ech, co vehicle, m otor bott* 
$4ooo Call Don Don ie! 737 2741 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
E m p Svc, 9* G ilt Smtv 25o 
S U P E R v i'.O R 
In fa c to ry ~*F»" tire d m ilita ry m om tononce chiel would be ideal 
S la rl $12,ooo U p to r ra is e in 6 m o * 
C a ll M ik e 
B erry, 341-3551. 
S N E L L IN G * S N E L L IN G 
Em ploy 1o7 W R E C T O R Service 

17o o N . Alam o 
Cemex* OeU Her*vy 
2 2 7 -1 2 2 1 
Ie* epp.m tm em 

RESUMES 

ENGINEERING 

(Cell leger T 
Po,mon, kited below we fee Fold 

PLANT MANAGO! ..to $23,ooo form Not timely Nil - So Tx 

 ftiOMCAl INGES ..lo $11,ooo 
I lectio Nock equip mom! 

CIVE JNUNKJPAl 
I NGO* ................................. lo $1o,ooo 
Otomegt. vt reef, subdtvwon 

PtOOUCT Of SIGN 
INGE* .................................. to $16,ooo 
Keck • in m equip tai al 

STtUCTUHAl on AKU 
C MKI El to $IS,ooo 
Stool, belim e vessels local 

PUoO4ASING MGI . to $15,ooo 
Degree A/C part, 

MOLTS TYtAl INGE 

X 
♦ 

♦ 

♦ 
♦ 

♦ 

RESUMES 
EAST 
EFFKHMT ERECTIVE 
171$ 
Utters oI 
Sea 

• BANK JOBS* 
I Customer Service 
................. te n 
I New accounts 
................................ 43J i Toller T rainee 
.......... . . . . . . . 47$ 
Tabor 
............. 
... $7$ 
I Botone me clerk 
.............. 
47$ i Keypunch . 
. . . ------ 
5o49 
B A N N E R Personnel Service 
I 7o42 son Pedict____________474 441 
I Bilingual Sanatory. $ days, good 
' benefits. N orth, $$$4 Bonkers 
I E m p 
Iv e . 
*74o 
Crownhill. 
I 4744121 
F i l m 
W i W B r B l t T Y V V n position with established co i SSS* Coll K athy S to m a , 71} 72*1 
{ 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E rnp SVC, 94 G ilt Suite 254 
, E T*r e 
* ' T f 
TV enjo y challenge > work tor p r e , et natl co, lr m g * , 
5*oo Foe Pd Call Jo 73 27741 

 lot Smith A Assoc 
828-o742 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 
♦ 

♦ 

♦ 

Amplication ^ 

* 
A tiBcutlve Secretary S7oo 
▼ I M g lu r*. work tor b e n in 
P l 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A O LV 
699 ISIS 

 to $14,ooo 

6o6 
ADMINISTRATIVE * 

MMAMCIAl 

A ^ i r ' r A h ! m e a g e r 

S3 PIR HOUR PIUS 
I « n in ill,IIJ I! lo H u r l ra tlin e on out to p lo ftie r. 
C or n t i n . m > 
M in i be neat and clean cot e x p e r ie n c e o r r e c r u itin g aw d 
494 M U ■ 

Wig' 

G AL L h E V hoggs tu n and g g rl tim e ra te , peddle to IOU ie w e ir* gad a rf O r c h S at#, experience ut v ia l • cd in te r v ie w e d bv p f 
OO ra im e n t 111 4*4$. 14A M 4 P M 
D eity 
M I L I N J O H N S O N G AL 
LO tv w | M ls P H E h > P L A IA 
/(Jill IW T T ilT IB fT T Y fl 
WPM* P a v e m e n t M n t x » I M N ! 
L fug «•% bart* UA. 616 *6*1 

R E A L 
E S t A I 4 
S A L E S M E N 
M U O I O 
P O IN T ! N N E A L E s t A t E 
* f» *oo4 
A ll 11M 

M ph n tg n lh 
* 164 
RETIRE! 
• b i t t # 1 1 6 6 * 
C M I i BM I 

 g r S IM g e t 
S id es *4 4 t i l t 

 ti pining experience m itral rater * open, B ul c o m m o n s o rg to w ith past uccom piivhm ents F a r ego hdvnhel in te rvie w call 711*411. 
M i 
B i van 
I gum apghrfunity 

N e * * a s a le s p e rs o n w ith I y r setae * e r ne n on i e rn national t„„ r 
I or lo ca l food B r O h* i 
O ne w ith obtaly ta sell o reign or where sere toed M o P ersonal in te rv ie w tar u e g iiN ed e e o f ic e a t , ta I w eek 
Send »«»eo»e ta C aftan* MMB tan inc 
PO Bee ta i* ! n i t 

B c h r i U U s g t t san im PT 
N e e d a g t h a v e e x p e r ie n c e in sexing these gr e g a d s Bpt some 
O lavm g a b ility 
Job appui 'o m s o tte r p o te n tia l et E l f 114 * * 4 depending en OSM ll l l * . 
Will lie n . 
Aunt* ta p e g le s s Stew* Box M B I, 
HPB/ 

SAI ES C L E R * 
M ust Be m a tu re M w , to o . I g a * 

. 
. 
T 
S 
S 
* ilium la d (hiss FCC beans* tar m anagem ent et avionics shoo 
S t! 57* t t l t u n tong . T i 
_ ftimmriF f punty I open ings U T I par gun 711 4*7* IM B T I Int age 
P O P p v 147El age Austin,Texas 
74741 E qual Opgortuwnt 
-B T H r H Pg fifth some— tai aught v canso ac hen ca 
I*«*« eau P at K i l l 617 t t l t 
SNELLING A SNELLING 
E rin* Svc *143 huugh Ride* 
EIK. IEC! SBDDMis y x D Y p i l tills * M iin g i* 
92*1711 
U U SMI M ilita ry Or 
I 
3*6 I snorts ins Pun em *at Turf 

 sxeX r w h o n l t Yoe l f W 
* t a apods I tar o s ta ah thod ta n n e r * 
• new yew max nines' M I h asg* s t y awin Pawl Biter *13 E M * 4 ft 
SVU M illie r s 
JOB*. ( E A W O M ***** m i s s 

 e l E C T R & N i f l ' T U U 
I I T i r r r , c o m m u n ic a tio n s e a u ip m e n t 
O n * of u h in d bass 
You chous* ow n sedge 
St 
$9*44 
C a ll L a * 
Bah ar, 34t I,s i 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploy IE I W E E C TOR Sol vie# r v n tT B T T H /T B -------------- 

ARCHITECTURAL 
DRAFTSMAN 
P o rm a n o n t position R eply W in ahu A Sharp, Aichrtgcts U l t 14th 
SI W ichita Fahs, Tx 74341 gr can 
( » / TUI-11 t i 

EXPERIENCED 

CIVIL M AR SM AN lu lu I * com m ensurate w ith anni tv 124 *444 w r r w m i w 
^ , * * > , t s^r i m u m * m in im u m sem i v w ith es 
{ e n * * * * a n d fa t t ily , b e n e ttle el 

R e t a il! 
A c c o u n t, p a y a b le I receivable ♦ collection, Ceti Brod 
Rich A A,SOC E m plo ym ent $rv 
6444A Son Pedro 424 4*41 
AUDIT ACCNT S16X v ie 922 271 1 (732 SW M ilita ry 
922 2711 
1233 EW M ilita ry Or 
Job E x p e rt, In t P lacem ent Set 
COLLECTIONS ID S7o8 
Roy 922 7711 1133 SW M ilita ry 
922-2111 
I I J I SW M ilita ry Or 
Job E x p o rt, Inc P lacem ent Ear 
COLLECTOR 
D o w n to w n o ffic e e a te ry open. r n ,id * a n d o a ts id o c o lle c tio n , l l * 3319 M r , Eovotas 

Exec T ra in ** $7oo 
O eoru* with l l h o u r, of account 
Jng, co p a id t a , p r a n c e , s u b le o * * , h o lid a y ,, vo ca tio n , ro tir ew ent a rati! sharing V agy. local bonkers I m p Iv e 
4/44 C low n 
I talk 4 2 6 -b tll 
EXECUTIVE Off ICE MCR 
/ICN retail th o ** and whole SI 

 j setting 
| i 
L o c k * E m p lo y m e rit S ervice 
; 426 9671 
2X46 C rape* 
Executive Secretary, shorthand. 
■ S dors. excellent b e n e fit,, e roht chorine. $45o b a n k e r, E m o S vc , 
4744 Crow nhill 474 4112___________ 

S9oo 

EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 
$944 per m onth, e x c itin g oppor i tu n n y ta r e x e c u tiv e ,* c r e t a r y 
A ttr a c tiv e N o r t h ,id * Id e a tio n , 
1 * IO ta $, S d a y w eek 
T y p in g 
44W PM , us* dict aph one. m ust be w e ll g ro o m e d , h o v e e n e rg e tic p e rs o n a lity a n d be w illin g lo 
1 raper V IM Please send resum e lo 
I t ear est N e w , Bes SUS, San An 
I tam p, 71197 

1 K x p o rja n c e J I e g o ! in c r e t o r y who con take c h a ra * and bandi* 
(r a v in e s , a n d r e a l a s ta te j tr a n s a c tio n s w ith m in im u m 
1 supervision V otary c o m m o n ,u r a t* w ith a b ility ond a x e 
All in i gulf le i i onfidenlto! 217 JIO* 

 r g P T f i c m f n n r c * m i v 
Hooded tar wail established hr rn $ day. ti mu# benefits en b u , tine 
I A g a ty in n o r te n 
Sol 
F r a n k 
U n ifo rm , 7*1 South Santa R a ra r f T PETf WI IT A BV------ 
Must hove bood M utt, 
914 444! U nited P g rtb d n e t Con ra tta n !, 644 C S W M ilita ry Or 
S T J reraU b T T T i B ■ u r p ro m o hon OOM im ahve ond poi Mi no ll lr im p eriu m io ta 
N o rm a 
Scott. 
341 ISSI 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em ploy 1*1 W R E C TO R S ervice 
G O T T 

RETAIL AC CO U N TIN G 
ASSISTANT CONTROLLER 
A V O ID TAX SEASON STRESS 

Hnavy retail store accounting experience re quired Salary to $16 (/OO plus good benefits 
Report to Controller. Opportunity to advance 
Height and weight must be in proportion. All applications held confidential. Send letter and resume (no agencies, please) or call 

M r . B r e n n e r o r M r . G r i m m . 
5 1 2 -2 2 5 -7 1 6 3 
SOLO SERVE COMPANY 

H S S O L E D A D , S A N A N T O N IO T E X A S 7 8 2 o 5 

ACCOUNTING, 
FINANCIAL, 
CONSULTANT 

Pt(l the Molftnional Human Rxiounx (omulting and march him. I, adapting impanel ingardmg the (allowing opportimltiei kit tem ai* compony paid of count, must ar* local, non* outude Ix ia . 

IP F SY STIEB A UPI I ORS 
I poutiom with i t wienie I NI RDY coin paniei 
Sliong buikground m 
IDR 
STS It US dxngn and im plnmxnlafion en estated to tho financial fonctiom RD* minimum, MR* and or CPA an nu*ti Inittul lalocy upper HOK t O NtROtlfR 
Munufiutunng (oil background. RRA. SJO* 
ACCOUNTING MANACLE be net cit accounting background, IR * 
S?o4 
(ONTROUtfl fieiietol accounting background, RBA, SIR* 
•IG I AUDIT OE 
I ta ? yxon public uudit eipxrixncx. RRA minimum, 
MBA and oi(PAului S IM 
SINtOE MANAGtMINI/STARCH CONSULTANT with FI (I 
San An 
Ionic) Wotk al top cocpoiatp I w all, eigoy mteivixwing prop!*, ikilttul in onalyrma impunity position, and pinftiiional people WI U llin 
IHI HIGHlSi (OMRINSAlION WI KNOW Of IN IH I PRlSIIGIOUS SI ARIN 
HUO 

C A U M R . M O O R ! 
ST 7 — 73 6 -2 2 6 3 
PROFESSIONAL (XtCUTIVl CONSULTANTS INT L. 
NOT JUST ANOTHfR AGINCV" 
6243 IN IO, Sutta 44o 
DAUAS. HOUSTON, CHARLOTT! 

6o8 SLCRH ARINI 
6o8 StCRilARIAL 

I i K l b i n 
I i > V I S 7 7 T Y 1 7 
N 
I 

N»f»id hoi dwoi king mtallifjent individual, lo fill ? cleft ic al opening, with lent growing fiormi building film 
North,ide; locution 
$1 48 4 o fioui week oc $ 1 9 2 
48 hour week available 

Require, typing 35w pm , 2 yew s clerical background preferred, no shorthand 

Pay and preformance review IVER Y A M O N T H S , com puny paid insurant*, hospitalization, major medical, disability, 2 weeks paid vacation 

 lf you like to stay biuy we will train you for a permanent position with regular pay increase, 
Call our Personnel 
O ffice. 
3 4 9 8 o 5 7 

8 6 M O N D A Y T H R U F R I D A Y 

O R S E N D R E S U M E T O 
HOMIA K l l I (OKKOK H I O V 
P O B O * 164 31 
S A N A N T O N IO , TX / 8 2 I 6 

SECRETARY 

Experienced 
Secretary w ith background in 

Publication or 
Public 
Relations. 
Preferably 

 bilingual Spanish, English. Excellent solary. 

A p p ly In P e r io n o f: 

Texas Em ploym ent Commission 

1 o1 5 Jackson K eller 

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOY IR 
Ad paid for fey tm p lo y mr 

M O TO N F R E IG H T 
L IN A N E E D S 

B ilin g u a l E x e c u tiv e S e e r* ta r * This i , a c a re e r go,Ilion 
M u tt h o v e s k i l l , of ty p in g 
4ow p m . s h o rth a n d J6w prn a tta m ust b * w illing to learn a ll a h a , * , of th * b u t i n * , , 
Same 
( allege edge otiun desired 
S T A R T IN G S A LA N V 
$15,444 A N N U A L L Y 
Att fr in g e , p a id fo r by th * com pany 
K e p t* lb I x p r * „ 
N e w , Bo* 4541 

PART T IM E 

SECRETARY 
B U U e x e c u tiv e n e e d , secy 1 3 e v e n in g , a week 5 3o 9 OU p rn 
M u tt have gaud sheithund and typing Unit, $4 per hour call M r 
HOIN tar upperntm ent 214 M i l 
P TJ 
ITo 
J if f ? 
T T T , 
CE PT tO N IS T T Y P IS T Need hard w orking in tellig en t rn d tv id u l, Ie f ill I c le r ic a l e p e n i w ith fa s t g ro w in g h o m e b u ild in g fir m 
N o rth s ib * location 
$14*64 hour week IM $1974* hour week averia b i* b e g u n # , ty p in g 5 ,w p m 
I y e a r , d e r , i t a l b a c k * r g g n d preferred, ne shorthand Pay and pretor m am n e * review K V t K Y 4 
M O N T H S , c o m p an y p a id in te r a n c * n e tp iia lE S rig H g h , m a t» r medic ut liisab iM y, I w e e k , peed 
• aration ll yea Uke ta H ay busy we xrrtl tra in yew tar a perm anent pew w ith leg ato r p a * increases 
X C e lt o u r 
P e r s o n n e l O ffic e 
149 4417 I x M O N D A Y T H R U f H IU AY ON $4 N O BB LUM B TO 
Q H O M B C N AF I C OH P O N A T IO N 
P O 
BO K 14431 SAN A N T O N IO . 
TX J il l * 

 y i T f P t f j r u m v r * . s a 
N b ig * ce seek, p ro le *lin e n 
STM Con B arb Kendrick 732 i i x i 
S N E LL IN G 6 S N E L L IN G 
6 m g SVC, ♦ * Git! Suite ll# 

D owntown H atton, tau M u I der week nee ded rmmeduxlety 
JIT 9479 

Me IM t * * b i t s M K I 
( b , t i t s tBab 

 lo c a l retail chem end w h e t*,u lt division I xpei te n e t in a t count m o ond super visor y Protor ovor 
3$ 
B o . * g ro u n d to p e rs o n n e l re ie hen i end erg an u a tie n d i ex# 
Soft > t * r tor 
P e rm « n *n f 
H eavy a d m in is tr a tiv e r e s p o n s ib ility , tu rn * ra in o u t*! or data b f M o s s m g d e sire d t a t a r * e g o * 
Send ttp e r a r n ie and d ata ta t e a * * * * 

 f l l l l R 
I I 
" 

K IA N M A ftA & R 
H O V O # ra il** in q u ire r, con i t a w ta b a t t a * , stew* 

 s w r e f T W H T v %n* fe d co n e e d , your ,B itts tell 
Lynn l l * *4*4 New Day Per sennet 
Cen SMS *41 NP Leap 414 

I N B D e n t i n SSO!) 
I , Boneau pius rxtiTemenf a 

COLL BGP CALS *64 1 
I IN N S * a A ,sec P e rs o n n e l 
M i M i M M I H i . 

T I 7 R e t a » y $«so 
Personality gets spat with contact Amy, *44 *4*o 
F IN N E Y jk Assoc Personnel 
Cons, $435 Callaghan NoJ75 
Sec re ta ry $654 
Plato,,tonal manner, skill tar proshgnra, co . career 
Call Yrisfi Tenant t i l 1173 
SN ELLIN G 4 SNELLING 
Emp SVC *743 Waugh H id*' 
J f f N l T k B Y ^ K t t e , behoot a d m in is tra tiv e office, type 74 
N P M varied office duties, a re span,tat* petition tor a m ature accur alo and dependable person 
914- MSI 
Secretary SSM up let those with 
Mood s k ill,, ad van ce,. Call An drea 717 2I9I 7$o1 N e ,! Av* 
Job, North, tnt, Plot em I Sec 
St T T'V 
I M I r o a r lo . in lop firm , b k *g, typing and rapers! tory know how reau ired l Kitty 
Kirk. 341 ISSI. 
SNELLING b SNELLING 
Employ 1o2 W KBC TOM Service 
— i r r v TffviP im --------- 
Flair tar figures too G reat ben e ld , M unlyn 644 46*o 
FIN N E Y E Assoc Personnel 
Con,. $435 Congo hon NoJ7> 
Seeking (epa! soc rotar y with ox perience in trial procedure, and ability to perform duties with a minimum al supervision Salary 
I am m ensurate with experience lo b d a M M y tjy.}tp » 

SENIOR SECRETARY 

S636 Month 
Must be apio lo type 74W P M , sho rthan d 
44, and I y e a rs secretary academ ic exp Good foundation in English gram m ar 
Highly i xipunstair pewtum that lo g a n *, i enable, independent lodgement 
UT 
HEALTH 
SCIENCE 
C N IN T B M 
7 743 Floyd Curl Dr 
B nu al Opportunity fe rn player r o m v m n r 'T i r w c i ; , , r . tired m i'ilui * maintenance cheet weald be idaxM Start SU Bb* Up tor raise in 4 mas 
Colt M ike 
Berry, M i ISH 
SNELLING b S N E L L IN G 
Emptor IBI W M IC TOK Service v T T T f T f V T 
O i a r j y seeks your sh at, potential k 4 se#* Barb Kendras t i t IM I 

PR SIEV ti S/DO type *4 SH Pi outgoing tux *71 I t l l U lt SW Military 
♦JI I t l l 
U lt SW Milden y Or 
Jab S spelt, int Ptor ernenl Set 
Kf r r m r o iTY fc'm t e ft. 
Mettawa* Neal S stale titan* Lit* 
Stab Pta* to»d o a r* typing end answer m g telephone 
Ldtke E motormen! Service 
CUM 4*4 SIJ; tor appl 
• * t •£ > ________ 
1444 cbpgo. 
J p m w w n r w 
S 
S 
E 
S 
^ 
S i 
P M A N M al B O IK a l * lo w firm detailed w e ft, typo # mum*, rn - w ra p 
FE E PO 
I*.*6 4 4 BONUS 4 C Ah tkwpn. I B l I l l i m __________ I I I 
U rT tll I C U R Iu U 
N i l CO EH PA NO tN G ^ BOMB $ . « , H a . , Sex; • F b i 
5'U klV iy& 7 ''" f BV U J i 
Wert Soc t person* rn rata, dent 
Or odd e o p o x ta n d y tor too esp** 
I. e ,or* PMC, to# beweXHs wns* Amy 444 *4|B 
Lw be I niptovmont Serai** 
* I NNB V 6 A ,44t Porsuhool 
G U S . 
. t«4 i veg#* | _ L # ts H|« Ltotagtatn Nw||s 

SNELL ING A SNE I I ING t e »4 GW Suite ISP 

o1254374 

Poge 18-C 
San Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S — Sunday February 13 1977 
SIO OFFICE I C lliO . 

61o - OFFICE A CUMCAl 
61o OFFICE & CLERICAL 
61o OFFICE I C m l 
SIO • WBK I CUEWCM 

LOOK SMART 

. . . At V IP we strive to find 

 for you the career you are 

 looking for. O u r staff and our 

 reputation can be your 

 greatest asset in locating an 

 above average opportunity. 

You might be smart to let us 

 do your looking! 

B O O K S , B O O K S , B O O K S . . . maintain several complete books for this respected firm. The extras are really special, the staff is the greatest and offices super nice. Better not wait — consider this new future today. Fee Paid. 
Call Frankie Smith....................... .......................................... $ 8 o o . 

Y O U C A N C O U N T O N IT 
A top San Antonio financial institution is seeking the accomplished bookkeeper able to take care of their customer service section. Experience in proof dept., cashier, teller, would all.be valuable to fill this supervisory position. 5 Years banking required. Fee Paid. Call M ag­ gie Shearer. 
................... 
$ 8 o o . 

E X E C U T IV E S E C R E T A R Y 
. . . High caliber, poised professional is sought by the President of this well known bank in San Antonio. You will enjoy beautiful offices and the everyday greeting and conversing with the very im­ portant people of the city. The prerequisites for this career opportunity will be excellent secretarial skills and the ability to deal with above mentioned people. 
Fee Paid. Call Joyce Baker................... 
$ 7 o o . 

B E U P F R O N T . . . Meet and Impress oil the visitors to this beautiful northside office. The responsibilities include statistical and correspondence typ­ ing for the accounting department plus learn about the petroleum business. Fee 
Paid. Call Frankie Smith..................... 
$ 5 5 o . 

 f . C . A H E A D . . . Put your best foot forward and impress this C.P.A. firm screening for this well respected corporation Clients will look to you for coordination of clerical staff, office supervision, and consultation of clients. 
Many sets of books will keep you challenged. Fee Paid 
Call Maggie Shearer................................................................. $ 8 o o . 

F . C B O O K K E E P E R . . 
W e've been requested to select the professional f.c. bookkeeper looking for growth potential. Join the friendly staff of this outstanding firm proud of its excellent reputation and sincere employers. The self confident, flexible individual with stable work background can become a vital part of this dynamic group. Fee Paid. Call Joyce Baker..............$ 8 o o . 

S U P E R V I S O R Y 
. . . This northside client requires your excellent full charge bookkeeping and supervisory background to handle this key position. A most convenient location and lovely offices are just two of the benefits of this outstanding new opportunity. Fee Paid. Call Frankie Sm ith................$ 8 o o . 

M A R K E T I N G S P E C IA L IS T . . . Assist a busy President and secure a fast moving position with this aggressive marketing firm. Special details and organizational abilities to run this office will impress their prestige clients. Ex* eellent skills required. Fee Paid. Call Maggie Shearer. . . . , 
.............. $ 7 o o . 

A N E W F U T U R E . . . Fantastic salary for an entry level position with this national oil and gas firm. The firm is requesting excellent typing, congenial personality and an attractive appearance. You will enjoy a dexterous day along with your daily typing duties. Call Joyce Baker. 
.......... 
$ 7 o o . 

V IP PERSONNEL SERVICE 

1 8 o o N . E . L o o p 4 1 o 

8 2 8 - 3 1 6 1 

SALES REP 
$ 6 o o B A S I A C O M M ISSIO N 

(m e w flank** ie * to aw e yeepix M i. trawl days tor atty this mewwm aoHhoe rn ifeortaBta due to growth, for th* otfroctwo 
•a#-Gray sad m b m woo noun to do mortra* rrworth, wholesale rep. and mad VMO. ta w cofhtqo peranxd HUST T U * POTENTIAL 
S I? SOQ 
SALIS CO O RDINATO R 

 fintoner erenow, -rite a o w l PHnit attn# prottigwut tab Ar tunsre fypmq ewe important thou tpeod General off ire Unlit, dx hipbone. booekyepwq helpful Some (allege helpful SADO PEI 
MONTH TO SIAU. RAISE M 9o OATS 
CUSTOMER RELATIONS 

Eueptmtol. prestige position with the staff of a stable Northvde busmen Heoey in customer rotations, personality, and ability to deal with people Typo SO wpm SW S M O . PIUS EXCEPTIONAL a m m i 
CAII MS. R H E A U M E 519— 736-2363 
PROflSStONAl-fXECUTIVf CONSULTANTS INT I 
N O T " J U S T A N O T H E R A C I N C T 
$243 IM-IO, torte 44o. DALLAS. HOUSTON. CHARLOTTE 

N I RAID 
Bookkeeper Supervisor 
To $8oo. ftot pry vc** inuit 
Howe 
Bonk bo«irke«ti»ncj m wen# at ii»rtrv**oEv 
With ob*toy to motivate, arrange *tto*4utos and wo»i toad Book* are let up on a amputee to must Hove knowtodgeof mput al mkot motion and codmg to 
♦top computer fcaceftoftt mg can ditto*** G ood Hinge benefits 
N I RAID 
Insurance Secretory to $85o. 
V*«rcttlw person with- cit* tov to work busy eneigetH boss needed tor top insurance tom 2 to J Mon r* 
WM ne nee m comme mol property and autofcy insurance Also rating on toto, property and personal rn internee on vommarttol basis Mont sm fttos order pointes and check 
'tem. order endorsements Compotes w« fetters keep boss oigontfed 
■ciHtont fringe benett* —. above ovenoge Grow#* potent*©* 
N I RAID 
Book wt per 
$6oo-$65o. 
Accounts rec A payable%, payroll 
(2o), genera* ledger, to* pments, 
Beg 
Board system knowledge redueed 
Compony toe ated NartHeost bu* wd« be maw 
-Mf north of tat** on San Pedro m ear future Oatgomg personality preferred 
Ptoasont working ion d«t«om 

Dunhill 
FlRSUMMtu SI W wet 
St,.i. im '.OM •inuit, 
WION W tttupllQ 
SWI A..io..«i T,,„ /ayu, 
SI/ 149 I rut a hjtiottjl A ri to/ll f l & fry ut 

WORK WITH MONEY 
FOR MONEY 

P 

 ciper'onc* now. Sonar 
I oi n xi h i a I et! poopte 

RpyroN^ortohst 

Berk!. computer poyraM. WH tar rip and sharp ?oyif>ll gtts ibis artal northside 
(ob. ovary benefit 

Audit Oats U rb fast wise sopor benefits, only 
Rood 
IDkoy wtolhgorm 
No typo, north (Mitral lot ult 

 t iy m wei Office *4*3 
Tustentei samite and witling to learn office praeoduros Mature minded HS grad or some esp Pro mated when homed 

Im our le n s Hah listings 
Over IOO fobs ovodoble OI our J convemont oHxev 
Some lee pout oil good tom pontes. 

BANNER PERSONNEL 
SERVICE, INC 

7o47 San Rod re 
•24-4441 

4423 HW loop 41o 
346-4421 

M T / , 
H r s GO TO WORK! f 
% 

ICONO-O IfS O U K fS 
PERSONNEL CONSULTANTS 
6 3 o 4 G o rd a n d o le i 
S u i t * 1 o 7 uegiun * rc gw ire m e n t fo r 
• Auditor frivol Souflmesi lei tx-, no hooey tea, I IJ I SI UL tee pod 
• full d w y i loc vt sept i hoovy 
Oriounti m<wimble, experience 
POO fee Pud 
• te ^ te o tf. hght ben. SAM. 

• leceptiaMU. HIO, fee tew buiwd 

VIP Sanatory typo SS, IO 
Urorthend, met me. eittortwo. plush office Northudt *1o,ooo minimum, lee Pod 

• intern# 
Writer cenMtrtuen 

• AH* need •ofetpertont. mgr lr DMM,v clerk fault, gnneiol 

 nil nr help for confidential i«t*rrvte*«- 6 9 o * 1 o 1 S 

Son Antonio 
Savings is looking for persons with 

6 MONTHS MORTGAGE 

SERVICING UPL RUNCI 

INSURANCL n u QERK 

DATA CURR 

• High School rdutotion 

 if 2o - 3o wpm 

GOOD SALARY 

BENEFITS 

By copartiment only, 

Coll 225-5631, t i l 2S2 

 m u m aeooertwir Ken ore 

KELLY GIRL 

N E E D S Y O U N O W 

• SECRETARIES 
• TYPISTS 
• STENOS 

Y o u con woHi a d a y, a week. a month of tongue 
There j n o fee or contract and we p a y you according to you* vkilly 
C A U Od COA4E IN 

K e l l y G i r l * 

A OI VI WOW Of M U T M BU R U * 
4 6 o 6 Centerview Or. 
Suite 154 
7 3 6 -2 4 5 5 
Oeewiwwr Implorer 

Frmb 
Iky •dii#4©y#Mr 
Experienced 
Property and Casualty 
Insurance Clerk to SAPS storting leiary 

The individual we ore seeking mutt have brood experience rn either property or casualty and preferably both. S day week 
All major hinge benefit! ncluded 
Thompson 
Employment Service 
I iockson Keller 342 2391 

• LEGAL STENOS- 

TY FISTS 

> MTS! A MAG 

CARD 

OPERATORS 
We hove temporary assignment available now 

 apply today 
MANPOWER 
♦ CMPo»ARy SE»V»CIS 
63o broodway 
224-92ST 
•qual opportvnfty mphymr 

A STAR IS BORN 
On Every Temporary Lob 
TYPISTS 
STENOGRAPHERS 
KEYPUNCH oPERS 
EXPERIENCED PREFERRED 
CAU ANNA 73 

61o-OFFICE 6 CLERICAL 

FO R S A L E 
Excellent position with top notch 
N orthsid e firm O nly top flight career personnel should opply 
S a la r y c o m m e n s u ra t e w ith qualifications, lf you have and are willing to use power of observe) hon and thought and con type at least 4o W PM , we hove the perfect challenge. $ day week, in most attractive office, with free nark ma 
Send b rief re su m e to In a 
Blackwell. Luke Soules. Inc P O 
Box 4357, Son Antonio, T i 782o9 
Interviews, February 
17th and 
18th 
FOH V 6 U ? 57oo 
W ell k n o w n co n e e d s typist 828-4494 Joy New DOV Per sonnel Conslts 9o1 N E Loop 41o " 
Full ch arge bookkeeper North- side location, send resum e with s a la ry expected to ws E x p re ss 
News Box 4931, 78297_____________ 

G E N E R A L O FC C L E R K : Ooptv to odvance in credit office 
545o+ Coll June M athis 732-2241 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em p Svc, 94 Gill Suite 25o 
G E N E R A L 
O F f TT e 57oo 
Greet V IP ’s, h 8o2 Like new, 1975 
G M O motor home, 1 9'aft. compte tely self contained, with pow er plant 8,ooo mi 511,9oo 494-9448 
G E N E R A L O F F IC E (.lie skills' co. will train sharp beginner 
545o Call Kathy Starnes 732 2241 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G 
E m p Svc, 94 Gitl-Sulte 25o 

512 KUM I 

Qual tty Temporary Help Svc. 
96 GHI Rd., Suite 25o 

GENERAL OFFICE 
G row ing com pany offers above average earnings. General office duties include order processing, some typing, tiling and telephone reception. Excellent fringe ben efits. Sa la ry open Call 222-9488 
M oryFri 8 5__________________ 
General office position, lite type, experience, h u rry, coll A ndrea 
732-2191 25o1 West Ave. 
Jobs North, Inc, Placem t Svc 
. 
6 e n e r a l o f f i c e o r 
C O L L E C T IO N S 
Need experienced General Office girl with som e collections b a c k­ ground. Apply in person to: 
A L A M O M U S IC C E N T E R 
425 N. Main, see Cecelia. 
G E N E R A L 6 F F I C E “ T o 57o? 
Lite type and lite exp and desire to learn are keys 
Jo Gunter. 
341 2551. 
S N E L L IN G & S N E L L IN G 
Em ploy 1o2 W. R E C T O R Service 

SUPERVISOR FOR 
MEDICAL 
TRANSCRIPTION 
DEPT. 

Person needed lo supervise up lo 
12 medical typists. O ther duties include: audit­ ing quality of typists work, adm inistering in­ centive salary plan and training new typists. 

Previous medical record departm ent or medical transcription experience is essen­ tial. RRA or ART preferred. 

Com prehensive em ployee benefits program is avaiable. Apply at the: 

METHODIST HOSPITAL 
66o2 FANNIN 
HOUSTON, TEXAS 77o3o 

{quat Opportunity Employtr MZF 

612-MEDICAL 
612-MEDICAL 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Minimum T year experience 

Sort Tim# 
2 Hight* A Mf ooh 

A P P L Y IN P E R S O N 
FROST BANK 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 
IO O W. Houston St. 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

Hasta Espanol $525 
Secretory needs som e work background 
Locke Em ploym ent Service 
•24 9471______________ 2444 Ceegee 

Int’l Airport $433 
M eet greet public, fun tab. u n ­ iform s turn. Lite type 
Banner Personnel Ser. West 
4423 NW Loop 41o 
349 4428 

COMPUTER BALANCE 
CLERK 

Must be good with figures, light bookkeeping, ex­ perience helpful. Five-day week, 3 pm till midnight. 
Permanent position 
Ex­ cellent working conditions. 
Company benefits. 
223-1871 

Law firm needs mature, respan sib le w o m a n fo r p o sitio n of receptionist Job offer includes lite b o o k k e e p in g , e x p e rie n c e preferred Contact M r Ruttier- ford OI 225 3132 __________________ 
Looking for dependable person lo do General Office W ork, typing and answ ering phone 224 2387 

O F F IC E 
B E G I N N E R 
$433 
C o m p o n y w ill tra in s h a rp H S grad, start as custom er's rep and learn all office skills, m ature 18 + 
Banner Personnel Ser West 
4423 NW Loop 41o 
349-4478 
o 

RN’s & LVN’s 

N E E D E D 

FOR STAFF RELIEF SHIFTS IN: 

I.C.U. N U R SIN G 
NURSERY 
CHARGE N U RSIN G 
FLOOR DUTY 

D a y s & S h i f t s O f Y o u r P r e f e r e n c e . 
Private Duty 
ASSIGNMENTS ALSO AVAILABLE 

N O F E E !! 
NURSEFINDERS 

2 2 6 6 3 3 3 
7 3 o N . M A I N 

Part Time Secreatpy $325 
Fee paid M ust know shorthand 
Locke Em ploym ent Service 
824-9471 
2444 Ceegee 

P A Y *3,ooo 
56oo P a y ro ll sp e c ia lis t to p a y la rg e p a y ro ll, co m p u te r exp helpful Great benefits in central 
NS locale 
Banner Personnel Service Inc 
85oo £ Village Dr 
457 1217 

A I R P O R T O E S T *433 
Meef-greet public, fun lob in oir port. Lite type. uniform s turn 
B A N N E R Personnel Service 
7o82 Son PedtO 
82+9441 

AIRPORT DESK 
Cost of living r a i s e I vee 5o 
S h a rp 1 Office evp ‘ Good moth! 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L Srv 
2o7 Jackson Keller 
828-1242 

ASST. 6ooKKEFPFR 
P o v ro ll e xp e rien ce im portant, purchasing, accounts receivable, 
I IO ke y and ty p in g e x p e rie n ce i n e c e ss a ry ; S p a n is h sp e a k in g helpful but not m andatory (q u a l opportunity em ployer Call M r s : 
Neylond 227 o)11 
Attractive port time secretory, 5 
1 lo 8 pm preferred 344 1125______ i Attractive clerk typist prefer ape i 19 JO. SS-4Sw pm . no s m o k e r s please Coll for appt 342-3228 
, 
A Very Speciol Service 
I 
New Day Personnel Consults 
9o1 N L Loop SIO-SuilC 518 
■ W r r ^ ti jtT &Wf c h T IO N t s f 
Plush lop firm ! Great locution! 
I Lite type1 some ac payable- B ro d * 
. Rich d Assoc Em ploym ent Srv i 
484oA Sun Pedro « ?*o 4 4 ' 

PBX START $485 billing, lite type, meet pub 
Sue 922-7711 1733 SW M ilitary 
922 271 1 
1233 SW M ilitary Or 
• 
-lo * Experts Inc Placement Ser 
Permanent positions avaiable tor excellent typists. I part time and I 
: full time M ust be neat iii appear­ ance and willing lo learn Some previous office experience aesir 
I oble, but not necessary Interest­ ing work in plush downtown of 
I flee Salary com m ensurate with la b ilit y 
P r iv a t e firm . not on agency Send resum e to Exp re ss 
News Box 814$ You wilt be con­ tacted within 48 hours 
-------------F l u s h - ^ 6 t------------- 
Work in beautiful surround ings, need I lull ch arge nd I trainee bkfcpr Lott of benefits 
924 4411 United Personnel Can sonants 444 C S W M ilitary Dr 

Bookkeeper 
Foil 
$75o 
Charge 

POSTAL WINDOW 
N-enst 5 days. 9-5. Mature 
S P E A H S P E R S O N N E L Srv 
797 Jackson Keller 
878 1292 
S42s Prescription Typist 555o 
G o o d a c c u ra te t y p i n g 1 E x p helps, V S Sh e rry B u rn 973-4344 
413 SW Military 
Jobs, South Placement Service 
Receptionist with typing, general office Call Dorothy 225 72o1 

Need sharp person 
Call Lynn 828-4494 
New Day Personnel Constts 
9o1 N E Loop 41o 
R t ^ p f i O N l S T 5 7 # 

New co says tee nago You will need secretarial skills 
Locke Em ploym ent Service 
824 9471 
2444 Ceegee 
B O O K K E E P E R S A C C O U N T 
" 
C L E R K S 
We have the best lobs! som e fee pd Call Shirl 
Rich A Assoc Em ploym ent Srv 
484oA San Pedro 82+o441 

BOOKKEEPER 
F u ll C h o rg e p re fe rre d for ou to m o tivc d istrib u to r in tow n 
Salary s/5o 
Call toll free 
I 8oo 192 49o4 

Fun lob with great future! Top 
1 co-Sue 828-4494 New Day Person net Conslts. 9o1 N E Loop 41o 

R E C E P T IO N IS T 54oo + 
Handle front desk for successful 
CO M ltll 484 148o 
F IN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Cons. 5835 Callaghan NoJ7S 

RECEPTIONIST PRINTING 
Meet customers, handle counter sales, answer phone, light typing 
Pleasant su rro u n d in gs ♦ Staff 
I G ro w th on d b o n u s p o te n tia l 
Printing experience not required 
222-1535 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
Super training spot in exciting legal field 
MSO Coll Kathy Starnes 7)2 2241 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G im p Sec. 94 Gill Suite 25o 

CHEMISTRY 
SUPERVISOR 

Dallas, 
Texas 
5 o o -b e d private teaching 

 hospital is seeking a 
C H E M IS T R Y 

SU P E R V ISO R . M T A S C P registered or more 

 advanced with strong background in 

Chemistry, and m anagem ent and supervisory 

 responsibilities. Please send resume, detailing 

 practical experience and salary requirements 

 to: 
EXPRESS-NEWS BOX 4565 
San Antonio, Texas 78297 

Equal O pportunity Em ployer 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
AND VUU ROSA ANNEX 
Hove Im m ediate Vacancies In The Follow ing 
-----------------------------F a U H n n a i_____________________ 
SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 

H E M O D IA L Y S IS , 3 to l l . IC U Experience and management. 
REG ISTERED X R A Y T E C H N IC IA N S - 7 to 3 
(Salary Negotiable) 

L IC E N SE D P H Y SIC A L TH ERA PY A S S IS T A N T 
Experienced C O B O L P R O G R A M M E R , IB M 
3 7 o -1 4 5 
VILLA ROSA ANNEX 

• LV N s - I I to 7 
• EEG T E C H N IC IA N 
Shfit I tx tai leaf wark Mig cond (Rom end fnng# bane ti Is 
Apply In Person 
PERSONNEL OFFICE len to Rota . 519 W . H o u s t o n S t.; 2 2 8 -2 3 4 3 
Villa Rosa Annex - S I I S M edical Or.; 2 2 8 -2 6 3 4 
Art level Opportunity (m otor*. 

BOOKKEEPER $6oo 
Do ledger laurnol. ocr pay roc 
Locke Em ploym ent Service 
124 #471 
2444 Ceegee e nego Coll John Ve*t 
Locke Em ploym ent Service 
824 947 ) 
2444 Ceegee bookkeeper merit raises 
Payroll exp happy atm osphere 
155o. Coll T m h 457 1 123 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em p Svc 82o3 Rough Rider r o a p u r m > t > E * “ * M 34o11 
552o+ Call Bob Haines 457 1 1 21 
S N E L L IN G 4 S N E L L IN G t me Svc 82o3 Rough Rider 
55 CO D f l i t l 6 i f . if you ore a i „ . i 
-- - . people person, coll John. 712-2191. I R E C E P T IO N IS T in m en s h a ir 

ReceptionistTypist $5oo 
Good phone personality 
Locka Em ploym ent Service 
82+947!______________2444 Ceegee 
R E C E P T IO N IS T Personable oieasont atmosphere, busy oft 
M75 Colt Kay D avis 717 7241 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
Em p Svc 94 Gin Suite 25o 
R E C E P T IO N IS T 
Low ole. be an integral part of friendly team 
USO Call Jo Singleton 73732*1 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G im p Svc, #4 Gill-S uite 25o 

2SOI West Ave 
Jabs North, inc. Ptocam t See 
T S f f T T i'< ! T p f f 6 N U f -------- 
Na esp necessary make appoint meats, past payments, lite t,o.n<i 
924-4481 United Personnel Con- sultan!-, 444-C S W M ilitary Dr 
Bunkltl Marianna! tar vie* 
*99 NW Loop 4*o. 444 G PM Se 
149 1744 
— t A g t r-T o~ ¥ aW 
7 s is * — 
Sparkle and smite tor profession­ al en M M arilyn, 44+848o 
F IN N E Y A Assoc Personnel 
Cons. 58IS Callaghan N o m 
'**’ E'7>5'lii 6 T iL sS U fc i? e s -------- 
Needs Career Consultants 
499-ISIS 
•p 'T W i r v r c s T C i i A i to ri' hero, advance thru ranks Career 
542o Call Susan Mooney 45/ 1121 
S N E L L IN G A S N E L L IN G 
E m p Sec >291 Rough Rider 

 stylin g salon S tartin g sa la ry ; 
USO monthly I U 9o85 
R E S E R V A T IO N S # 
Air aor) 
M ust be attractive and dependable 
924 444) United Personnel Con- sullonts 4+4-C S W M ilitary Or 

V 
H O M E M A K E R S 
UPJO H N 

RN’*— tVN’s 

Join San Antonio's largo st provider of staff relief services: call: 224-2341 
(qual Opportunity Em p loy er 

APPLICATIONS N O W BU N O ACC!PTID 
COMPUTER INPUT 
CLERK/TYPIST 

Bookkeeping/accounting background helpful a p p ly M o n .-F ri. a t 
KMOL TV 

1 o 3 1 N a v a r r e 
H u ed o p p o rt u n it y e m p lo y e r 

( 
W I NEED YOU! 

DKT ATHON! 
TYPISTS 
GtMfRAl CllRKS 
SHORTHAND 
I (MUY 

 a c c t , c u t e s 
RIT FUNCH 

BOOKKEEPING 
CLERK 
Esp. Needed hi 

 pay lek, Wkng. and ac aunt) 

 tm i n th 
Alvet ty p e 
Cal! 226-6333 
Mondoy-friday 

IM M E D IA T E O P E N IN G S 
COMMERCIAL LINES CLERK 

( R o t m g 6 W r i t i n g ) 
PERSONAL LINES CLERK 
(Rotmg A Writ frig) 
STRUNK INSURANCE CO. 
225-2991 

E x p e r ie n c e ) N e c e s s a r y 

EXEC. SECY TO PRIS. 
Com pany foe benattts 1799 
L ai kl Em ploym ent Service 
*2» »*/' 
2*44 Ceegee I 
Kmperienci.d 
.... ■ 
Sa la ry porn Cor d e a ie i^n ig rn | sm all g lo w in g city t-174-1441; 
Otter »P M I 874 598? 
; 
F ip r r ie n c e d -! et e p tio m st to a n sw e r p h on e a n d g ro a t cu s tamers City Point A Supply I M I S 
(tora* 

E X T R O V E R T U S O 
Gen M gr needs vood skills, out nome P R secretary far ira,et bu finery, fascinating, varied dudes 
Bannet Personnel Service Inc 
1599 t village P i 
» » m i 

IM alarge 
Bookkeeper 

$2oo 
Foe ango, p itie r construction axg. 
I ack* Em ploym «nt Service 
H e 9471 
H ie < cooee 
Fu ll th o r ga g g e k k e e p tr, e a rl tim* or tun time M l J IM 

R O O T S * 4 5 o 
Put down root* in grow ing com pony. no type, tailor t ip helpful, immediate hire 
Banner Personnel Ser West 
442J NW HO 
149-4428 

SECRETARY $55o 
Able to w ork alone - b oss bone most ut lime 
Lock# Em ploym ent Sac vita 
82+9471___________ 
2444 COOBOO 
Secretary $3 HR 
Fun or pert time, m ag card ar tape 
Locke Em ploym ent Service 
>2+ 9471 
2444 COPPO# I 

SUPERVISOR 

 a c T f l W Y H n r Y I A IU l f le i 
IPUM 

 r r n r M w g -g e f w m i v ie type to pays ms M r andre lam p, a epa Pe* and dental Jo 
M I It ll u t L D N 6 A S N E L L IN G 
• aspte, lit Rf R I C TO R liar wee w s n s j i r mmU Ii am 
Type 46* t i S p y 
T P I A R S pp a S O M N k L Ire m Im B J m + V **' 
» • * * » ! « 

Acc d u a ls R e c e iv a b le C le rk a le p o le .Jolly deposit end C R if,ui not end price end extend iii voltes oust soles toot not and A b, m aintain custom er accounts one accounts re ce iva b le tiles, o ra te s* payable invoices m ost use calculator by touch lite Iva m g Call A ria n * pl I I I 8441 KOI 
Iv M oor* Point Co 4421 Sun dtp M o a t wager tonify employer 
- r e r rs T n i v - T i iui ari l li,tv to toe* charge, local chem ce 
*591ie Can K a r D avis ii i 2141 s h a w l i n g 4 s h i l l i n g i n t l . . 94 Gill suite OO 

ACCTS $(C S SM 
Post b.li.ny 1*1*4 invoices 
Locke k«*Mrto«went Serine* 
IAF 9471 
2+44 Congo* 
4 m t t i 1 r ’l w r r o r Y Te * turnout*rile d system but heoey exp not n e ce ssary Ce p a ys art yew m s pro m ion s Can L a u ra 
Mm M i 1o1 
S M A L L IN G 

 ss 
Great 

S ’ cylmeiTcan 
” 
^Bargain I 

MVI 

S«!l no lo n g e r n e e d e d h o u se h o ld ite m s in the 

MERCHANDISE { 
MART 

2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

Accts Pay-Roc 5475+ Neap 2 with 
I yrs esp 
Locke Em ploym ent Service 
I U tu n 
2444 Ceegqo 
T E L L E R T M A IN E E 
Type 25 W PM , exp with m onte helpful 92+4481 United Personnel 
Cansw iantf *44 C S W 
M ilitary 
Or. 

TYPISTS lo $565 
Need 4. type 59, some etc ext 
Sox 92J 2 7 II 1 733 SW Military 
*22 2*11 
1233 SW Military Dr 
Job Exports Int Placem en) S n 
Typist SM S up, lite type office I t ip m ature person, call Cindy, 
712 2191 IM I West A y * 
Jobs North inc Plocem l s .t 
W A N T E D Mature person tar San 
Antonio branch A ld a y * General attice exp erien ce, acco u n tm e b a c k g r o u n d t x p e r ie n c e in 
I redit Know ledge at com puter! form s Send resum e lo P O EG X 
114*o HOUSTON, TM n u n 
___ 
W ont lo ca l C a llo o * Stu d e n t d e i * Typist boakbpeom o cog helpful No sm oking, good pay 

 t i ? - M H U ! 
• m r n T O T r n r s t r a i n u 
Nit* position 5571 type 45 
OR P IR iO N N C L 
O E* Hills a u d A id * 499 991* 

Snm gugi Medical e t.is tam 
W ill fro m lo do X r o u t 5454 month ♦ need now! 
*24 **| i United P o i tonne! C an k e H M h m c I O Military Or 
C N A lR S iO k A S H ! I ANT 
A b t R A IO 4 .days 1588 DO E 
O R P L R S O N N k I 
Oak Hni, M ea d id * t o pet* 

 a a w 
. i a f . ' . T - 
I>18 O O I 4 1 dot m ad Dent peg 
O R P t lt O N N t t L 
Ode Hius M ao Alda *«« **•« 

M.D. 
Become on industrial physician with a mo|or corp. Outstanding benefit plan plus other in­ dustrial executive advantages. Salary based on qualifications. Company pays our service 
Fee, 
Joe Collerain, Sr., C.I.C. 
Over 3o Years FRrsennei Consulting fxperignc* 
Shamrock 
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE 
631*1811 
3411 Richmond, Im. 1o3 
Houston, Toxos 77o46 

IMMEDIATE OPINING* 
Upending dime el rate react laboratory Las TICHNOtOGISt posit'oni available for; a RAIMO IMMUNoAS1AV 
P e t eitr«*f*«f ti* 
BIA tests iiR*i«fKc p»rtot***f 
• INCXX IIN O i OOT 
Fff ♦©* rn fQu*»*te 
* £*te pf© imA*** e SHOAL CMtMWRY 
F».ter~ r u e N -y 
+»< noahcHrui Mck"’<ew« A wert pie * 
LM*#pl'I b a u t o m a t io n 
I , UU*, ... SMAC Hun boko 

 pywe*t» i l l AO. 
SMAC in 

 tic*) lent ca mg Mf! ben ahu 
Salary tom mensural* with a agal tame 

Cod Mf Hickey 49o- (JIO 
Monday friday Im p *Ism 

PHARMACIST 
NEEDED 

San 
Antonie and 
Uvalde, 
Submit name, phone num­ ber, and qualifica­ tion* to B B S., Inc., 
2 o 6 
San 
Pedro, 
Suite 2 o 7 , San A n ­ tonio, 
Tx 
7 8 2 o 5 . 
Ail replies con­ fidential. 

•al IF ve ts* an W k 1 
LA U I t ) 1 *o * 

D I5 • 'k H SIN G O P M O A N 
Adios! frames, fill pc tec le n s emoter Northside 
Oak Halt Mod S I M *9# bota 
N s t o M t o W t e A m t barr 
Dow n le a n M O d e a ir** m edical technic ion So o n ish Lo n g u o p x and i atef onces • you trad Starling salary 5459 month Mealy I i A i m ess New i Sox 4**9 i x s c UTI v t I R n r l V Y & f | daew law n p sy c h ia ln st Tvptag, sem e S tu k k e e p ih e , in s a r a n c * 
M im s le a a is h helptai S a l aal 
" f i t t i S 'i . A n v i l ... 
L UN. N i nur su i* name lull H i * l l ralMrt t J. I l l ll I tic S U I 

REGISTERED 
PHARM ACIST 
IMMEDIATE OPENING 
EXCELLENT BENEFITS 
EXCELLENT STARTING SALARY 
CONTACT: PERSONNEL DEPT. 
VALLEY BAPTIST 
MEDICAL CENTER 
HARLINGEN, TEXAS 
512-423-1224 EXT. 277 
E Q U A L O P P O R T U N IT Y E M P L O Y E R M / F 

M c r t D c r Pli*aimNTSERVICE fVtCDICCV A Division of K-S intergrifos 
GOLDEN OPPORTUNITIES 
WITH H U a+TfPVIIW ANO M O VIN G IXPfN SCS PAID 

• MED TECHS - get in on ground floor Mew hosp wilt pay moving expenses so you can do your thing in o Tull serv lob featuring the 

 latest in design ond equip 

• PHYS THERAPIST 
- Manage the service in o smoll hosp ond nursing home, gain valuable exp. ond receive salary in high 

 teens 

• HOSP CONTROLLER - depending on your exp rn a hosp finance operation, you may qualify for I of several openings with solory 

 in the 2o-3oK range 
For appt. call 
George Conrad 5 1 3 -8 2 4 -7 4 7 8 
1635 N I lo o p 4 1 o Suite 5o1_________ 

'MEDICAL HELP NEEDED 
IN SAN ANTONIO 
N.H. AOMIN. Tx Ut Prefer 
N.M. lip. 
RN To Manage Dr. Office 
(L*P-) 
LYN. — Dr. Off. Manager 

( t o ) 
RN — Director of 
Nvning/tn*. Education 
( 1 U + t o Medical Recept 
A 
Medical 
Auf. 
Dr. 
OH. 
Many Other ExcoHatrt Pow hens Availattn. 
“Wa Ara M W Computerized 
Tor INSTANT Start* 
San Antonio h e a lth Services 
Placem ents, 
Inc. 

O R D E R L Y 
Hosp exp. 5525. Advancem ent 
DR. P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills Med Bldg 49o #9)o 
Medical Dental Em p 5erv 
Personable, bilingual general of­ fice assistant needed for dow n­ town Doctor’s office Please, send resum e to P O box I74T1, Son 
Antonio, 78217 
P H Y S IC A L 
T H ER A PIST-lm m ediate need for full-time LP T , Excellent so lo ry and attractive benefits in an en vironm ent you'll eniov Contact 
Personnel or Education at L u b ­ bock State School, P O Box 5394, 
Lubbock, TX 79417 or call (8o4) 
743-7o41 
AN E Q U A L O P P O R T U IT Y 
A F F IR M IT IV E A C T IO N 
E M P L O Y E R 

RECEPTIONIST 
Will train! Will advance! Tyoe 
S P E A R S P L R S O N N E L Srv 
2o7 Jockson-Kcller_______828 129? 

RESEARCH ASSOCIATE 

$ 1 o 8 4 Month 
Must hove m asters degree in Bio statistic or m ath, with 2 v e e rs experience in experim ental de­ sign and data a n a ly sis P re fe r knowledge of 
Fortran program m ing 
UT H E A L T H S C IE N C E C E N T E R 
77o3 Floyd Curl Dr 
Equal opportunity em ployer 

SPECIALTY 
U V i-IN C O M P A N IO N 
Personnel Needed! 
Selective interviewing now for persons interested in exclusive live in companion positions All positions established ond coordinated by a registered nurse with a com­ prehensive home health core pion. 
Excellent wages paid by us weekly 
Insurance and bonding included 
Room ond board with ample off time. 
Medical experience desirable, but not required 
Appointments ar­ ranged following review or resume 
Mail ar deliver resume* to: 
N u r s e f i n d e r s 
226-6353 
7JO N. AAain 

R N applications now being taken to fill an im m ediate opening for 
Director of N u rsin g for on IC F diagonal skilled n u rsin g home. 
Our parent co m p an y is the in ­ dustry leader Subm it resum e lo contact Administrator. Mem orial 
Medical 315 Lewis. 223-5521 
R N s 
L V N s 11-7 • 3 11 
E X P E R IE N C E D A ID E S 
Non-sm okers please oppiv 1o-12 
Hillside M anor 828-o4o4 
RNS 

SAN ANTONIO 
STAT! HOSPITAL 

REGISTERED NURSES with current stat* Texas licenses 
3-11 or 11-7 shift 
Salary $12,616 

Contact Manual Ramos, 
Jr., Personnel Director 
532-8811 
EGLI Al OPPORTUNITY 
Aff (AMATIVE EM PIOT Et 

MlClteSICU 
N U R S E R Y « P E D S 
D a y shifts and a ssig n m e n ts of your choice Professional liability insurance provided bv us 
IN S T A N T P A Y ! 
NO F E E S ! ! 
Medical Personnel Pool 
IQI# N Mom _____________224-$885 
S o n A n to n io H e a lth S e r v ic e s 
Placem ents, inc., 84 N E. Loop 
41o, Suite I31E, 349 4313 
S E C R E T A R Y 
Type 4o. SH, learn medical 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills Med Bldg 4*9*91o 
Medical-Denial E m p Spry 
S U P E R OF N U R S E S pleasant surroundm gs-sal open 
Coll anytime 
Century Placem ent Service 
153 Century Bldg 349-1373 
X R A Y T E C H N O L O G IS T S 
A R R Y req . dews Sol 5475 cooty 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Ouk Hills Med Bldg 4*o *91* 
Medico) Dental Em p Serv 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

SAN ANTONIO 
COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 

R N S 

1 1 - 7 S h ift 

A p p l y 
8o26 Floyd Curl Dr. 

(qual Opportunity Employer 

Al mechanic needed ta run m ain­ tenance departm ent of K e rville 
Flying Service F o r m ore m for. m otin, call 1 257 5oll or I 894 OOO 

A IR C O N D IT IO N IN G 
Experienced heating, air con di­ tioning and re frig e ra tio n lech- melon Salary lucrative. 458 9895 
A Pori lime service station oHen d a n ! needed 
E v e n in g s 43o2 
Broadway Earl Wheeler Texaco. 
A person needed lo do laka-oft. sub m ittal and p u r c h a s in g tor large established electrical con tractor Background rn electrical supply desired. O pp ortunity to grow with expanding hrm Eauel opportunity employer Send work history to Exp re ss New s Box >14* 
ASSISTANT PRODUCTION 

MEDICAL TYPIST 

 hob (tenty in medxai let mmolagy and transcription re guwed 4o hour week 
Solory open full fringe benefits Ap plKontt tested. 

Send reference! To: 
EXPRESS-NEW S 
Box 8 1 4 9 
Son Antonio, Ti 78297 

SUPERVISOR 

L M t •cnnatagiyt, m ust be rag lob tech w ith e x p e rie n c e in nnr rueielpgy Goad infer y and yiiieiient baitptrts Contact Far. sonnel Deal Bexar County Hasp 
D>tt *592 Medic al Or San Anton la St* M io K l! H i C augi appar 
Norte — loupe________________ 
L IV I IN C O M R A N IO N 5 
M ature ladies la (a re far me rn valid ar elderly t a r n a * excel lent sa la ry , p art ar tail lim e 
Ream end Urnmc po d weakly Na 
N at R N super cisrun 
B l k ASA C A L L I* * >141 
Work with pride unit restive! work (or H um ans#*#!» U tiehn tun I* 
UN 
FU G A T IM A rtffrtl D iffe r en ital F o g 
*k*rm angy Terrace MC 
*+*■*!#• 
N I t e a Rd 

LV N J 11 sal open 
Century Placement Service 
I Si Century Bldg U t 1373 
L V N s 
Im m ediate openings tar lull lim a 7-3. I -11 We etfei com petihve wage, com pany paid tile insurance, vocations and a good environm ent ta practice g e rm tries nursing M em orial Medico! 
IU Lewis 723 SS2I_______________ 

L V N S - S M M 
I 
$11 or 11-7, axe. benefits 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hilts Mea Bldg sfd-eeig 
Medical Dental E m p Ser» 
LVNS 
STAFF RELIEF y o u decide tnt type et a ss ig n men), days and shirts you wont la I wark 
NO F E E S ! 
IN S T A N T P A Y 
Medical Personnel Pool 
IO)* N Mom _____________r n sass 
M E D IC A L B K K P X . i 
NM Exp horns to 54So, M F 
OR P E R S O N N E L j 
Oak Hills Mea Bldg *99 *919 
Medico) Oeniqi feme s*r» 

MEDICAL DENTAL 
See Sunday s ads m any tags 
D K P E R S O N N E L 
Oak Hills Mud Bldg 896-99)9 
Medical otntgl Erne Serv 

M E D IC A L O P E N IN G S 
Lu administrator ... ... SIS,t o 
R N s 
.. 
I5« + 
CVN s .......................... *58+ i 
Medical A xil 
............. 
433 
Dr s Assi 
.... sea♦ 
Med Secretory 
.... 
So9 + j Cat) Bobbie r h at our M edical 
; Division tar many medical lobs 
K A N N E R Personnel Service 
85o9 t 
Village Dr 
45/ I I H 

 m e d i c a l p e e S E C T V 
Typing lermm eiagy 5499 O D * 
DR P E R S O N N E L 
O N Hills Mud Bldg »*9 1*11 
Medical Dental im p Serr 
M E D IC A L S E C R E T A R Y -.H ie , tensive m edical exportanct tar l f i 8<?!t.L.5«g“..t, * a u £ » a » 
N «*d private duty, nights in the la c k la n d urea 474 1*1 5 d a rt, 
+75 **« > » von taps 
Nurse Aides, experience duty. PM shirts 
H o i inan e ly T e r r a c e In c mm m Bm u 
N U R S E S in developing co u n trie s Where germ nicety is practically un* 
Bawn, in t*sti*n rates at alm ost 
199% level an# disease an avg* r d ** o sc u lu m * M a canli tgui**«» at e x p e rie n c e d P e a c e C a rp nurses ere critical As a P e a t* 
Carps Nut se eau m ay Be leech m a. w ar b in t <a r e c t i ( M i t t s u p e r y ic in g w a rp c i r e 
We previOe lan guage lr am m a .inuit 
Wet lieut# eNeeram y Ii an spar Ie lien morticed ettlef Banatite Can 
S i H M t H i E t L c B r t M t 

G row th po sitio n a v a ila b le for person with general knowledge of production and quality control procedure* High school or barter education with recent work e x­ perience required Ability to deal effectively with people essential and some m echanical knowledge helpful W ages dependant upon experience Apply of Son Antonio. 
A sso c tor the Blind 23oS Roo sevelt Ave , Sun Antonio t x 

BAKERS WANTED 
E mov the benefits at leisure living in a small town Qualified baker* needed tor rapidly expanding bu­ siness Good tolerances needed 
Aoplv W alnut S p rin g s B a b e ry. 
S e g u in b e la ce noon or a tta r 
( : t e t . 179 22P4 
B A R B E R lull or part time. Alam o 
Hqts >2+9275 ____________ _ 
Cabinet Maker, assem bly deport­ ment, shop experience only, must rood d ra w in gs, good benefits. 
B u ffa lo C a b in e t S h o p t r i l l 
741 5424 HeustPW.____________ 

CARPENTERS WANTED t aperient Cd in com m err i8 l con e d u c tio n . A p p ly m p e rso n a i 
M arboch end Loop 41o 
Wooled 
I Store 
* v tur* Properties 
*71-tai* 

C A R F I r A N O V IN Y L I N ­ 
S T A L L E R M ust have 4 years e x p e rie n c e 
Top h o u rly w o o e s E x c e itn t c o m p a n y b e n e fits 
C o n ta c t 
F e ta 
728 2121. Crown Ftppr Caver 
•n# U U North Oliva 

City d e liv e ry , c o m m e r c ia l license tap , lap ss tor lap man, call John 111 7191 25o1 Watt Ava 
Jabs North, Int Plocem t Svt 
D E F E N D A B L E B E G IN N E R , 
M echonicellv inclined, neat ap­ pearance, am ay w o rkin g With freedom, tar sloe per wee 
(27 QUO 
Coil 

D E P E N D A B L E E X P E R IE N C E D 
C A R P E T 
L A Y E R S 
C A L L 
855-9M8 

DRAFTSMAN 

2 years experience w orking with Civil Engineer in draw- 
•na sup diviison plats, street aion* sewer pions, etc Soma free hand drawing experience and know haw to read contour lines Apply Personnel Office 

R A V E L L IS O N IN D U S T R IE S 
4*99 E R E D E R IC K SE U RG R D 

D R IV E R S k4*erp! total ane tong haul 
*74 84*1 United Person n e l can* 
Sullenly 444 C S W Mthlqr y Q f 

DUCT MEN 
* i t e r a t e l s » # r i # f t C 9 « 
Gulf 
—T'-II "'I iii 
—— f l i t f W O N I t f § € M 

 e tg c p tra v rn #*w E L L I MIS 
1 2 % f*» «79? R q yfh Rid 
E L E C T R O N IC S T EC H 
Lei cpi 
MV t il 

„ trgartrtt 
CO, will tram. exp OK 
1*988 Cpu P a l Kirk *17 HJJ 
S N E L L IN G B S N E L L IN G d e r 
... 
Loading m f# f# Cullom #* i#rvi£#, shat# at theory, a*vier m ilitary par d 
Start 
- 
M i It l l 
SN E L U M * S N E L L ING i n f i l l IT n i t TOR Ser.,t, 
• t a x i ra n te d la g * , H e a t end painter 
All in an , 
M u st nave truxk end Be a teen Boole ar pan! 
L t f i- t o r a t p l ■vrtdars tat r n , k ip # o k a y e d m gintenooce m on 
Shirt were Mater 11 moony a , sen tun < o i>#» io t a y g c g ftg g , 
Bgrtdovs coat a p a y p aid rain tm en 1 Apply ai ymptovNtartl Pl 
Ney I I M i H W i t i t IIM E f t BB 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
TEX, r n m r n i r m i 

SKILLS TRADES 
I 

A D S 

$ 
. 
. 
. 

2 LINES 
IO DAYS 

C 
W 
N O N C O M M ER CIA L! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

QUICK RESULTS/ 

THAMS 
(14 SA M S - TRADES 
614 SKILLS THAMS 

JO BS - JO B S - JO BS 
(Temporary) 

Friedrkh, A Division ol Wylain, Inc., hos openings in the following oreos: 

MACHINIST 
Rate up to $4.75 

Experienced on lathe milling machine, drill press and grin­ der; have mikes and tools. Short test required 
Pass physical 5 day week. 

A p p ly in person 
Personnel Office 9o.m.-3p.m. 
INGRAM MFG. CO. 
54o Culebra 
M e n o r W om en 

' nII 

III 
I 
JI 

San Antonio EX PR ESSN EW S 

HHP 

-Sunday February 13 1977 
Page I9-C 

614 SKILLS TRADES 

S h ip p in g R e c e iv in g I n v e n t o r y iC le r k , e x p e r ie n c e d p e r s o n to 
{h an dle e x te n s iv e d u tie s in sh ip ip in g , r e c e iv in g a n d in v e n t o r y i c o n tro l. M in im u m 6 m o n th s ex jp e rie n c e N o tio n a l firm w ith ex ce de nt co m p o n y b e n e fits E q u a l 
1 o p portun ity e m p lo y e r M F R ooty 
| to E x p re s s N e w t B ox 4So3______ _ 

I S m all co n cre te p ro d u cts m an tor 
I p re ca st y a rd E x p an d dep e n d a ble only M o ld re n o ir h e lp fu l C a ll 
J M B 492-1o5? 
______ 

62o 
Miscellaneous 

Wanted 
62o HELP WANTED 

MISCELLANEOUS 
62o HELP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

S M A L L O F F S E T P R I N T I N G 
P R E S S O P E R A T O R , e x p e rie n c e re q u ire d E x c e lle n t poy w ith the be st trin q e a n d o p p o rtu n ity fo r a d v a n ce m e n t J?6 E . R h a p s o dy__ 

Tool St Die M aker (G ra d e 8) 

Maintenance Mechanic (Grade 7) 

Electrician (G ra d e 7) 

Metal Shop Set Up O perator (Grade 6) 

Press Brake O perator (Grade 5) 

Die Setter (Grade 5) 

T e x m a r t S e lf S e r v ic e S ta tio n 
M a n a g e r , L a c k la n d a r e a . d a y shift. A day w eek, p e rm a n e n t lob, s ta rt 377* m o R e tir e d M ilit a r y w e lcom e A ll a p p lic a tio n s lo A J 
; P lo ch O il Co., Inc. S747 D ie tric h i R d 4-Spm d a ily tor in te rv ie w No phone c o lls p le a se 

$ 4 . 9 4 

$ 4 . 5 9 

$ 4 . 5 9 

$ 4 . 2 o 

$ 3 . 8 o 

$ 3 . 8 o 

The following jobs Have a starting rate with a higher rate after 3 months service: 

Arc W elder (Grade 4) 

Production Assem bler I (Grade 4) 

Spray Painter (Grade 4) 

Production Assem bler ll (Grade 3) 

Punch Press O perator (Grade 3) 

Production Assem bler III (Grade 2) 
Laborer (Grade I) 

Apply Tuesday through Friday, 9 A .M . - 3 P.M. 
FR IED R IC H 

A Division of W ylain, Inc. 

San Antonio, Texas 78219 

An Equal O p p o rtu n ity F m p le y e r (M a le /F e m a le ) 

LINE TECHNICIAN 
EXPERIENCED ONLY 

• ALL COM PANY BENEFITS * 
SEE JOE DALTON 
IN PERSON 
TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
LOOP 41o NORTH AT SAN PEDRO 

A N E Q U A L O P P O R T U N I T Y E M P L O Y E R 

T ru c k D riv e r w a re h o u s e h elp , 5 d a y w e e k , c o m p o n y b e n e f it s , good d riv in g re c o rd P o ly g ra p h re q u ire d C o ll 874 7418 

MCN— W O M EN 
The world's largest training school is hiring. 

We hove ovei 7oo kinds of jobs 

 we ll pay you to learn lf you 

 quality, you ll start at S374 a month 

(before deductions) Join the people 

 who ye |oined the Army 

Call Army 
Opportunities 
222-8812 

An (quai Opportunity (wpJeyet 

TRUCK DRIVER 
L o ca l d e liv e ry a l w e ld in g s u p p lie s pud e q u ip m en t 684-o733 

Starting Rote 
A fa r 3 Months 

$3.16 
$3.64 

$3.16 
$3.64 

$3.16 
$3.64 

$3.o8 
$3.56 

$3.o8 
$3.56 

$2.92 
$3.4o 
$2.85 
$3.33 

UNEMPLOYED? W HY? 

PARTIME, Industrial Division, offgrs d aily w ork for dependable people with transportation, lf you ore betw een job*, in school, retire d, PARTIME c a n help your incom e grow . 

N e ed drivers, painters, w areh ou se end m ain ­ tenance w orkers, w aiters and w aitroM os, security guards. A U SHIFTS AVAILABLE. 

O nly those interested in w orking need op p lyl 

Call Ray 224-1721 
7 2 9 East Houston Street 

U P H O L S T E R E R w ith m a c h in e needed ASS 8oo1 
W A N T E D 
D I E S E L 
T R U C K 
D R I V E R S A p p ly In p e rso n South 
T e x a s T ire T e st F le e t 
D evin e , 
T x 
. ____________________________ 
W A N T E D 
E x p e r ie n c e d T ru c k 
M e c h a n ic 
A p p ly in P e rs o n . 76o 
N ew L o re d o H w y 
_____ 

W A N T E D : R e s id e n tia l a ir cond) lio n m g s e r v ic e m e e t in g m c 
Steady i i w eek y e a r ro u n d w o rk 
G o o d frin g e b e n e fits 
E x c e lle n t o p p o r t u n ity w ith g o o d fu tu r e 
S e r v ic in g I m o t o r b r a n d o f e q u ip m e n t to r e s ta b lis h e d co m pony M u st he q u a lifie d to s e rv ic e ce n tra l a ir c o n d itio n in g u n its 
341 71*1 
________ 
W a r e h o u s e m e n a n d 
T r u c k 
D riv e rs needed A p p ly in p e rso n a l C e n tra l D istrib u tin g JOI Sher m on St E x p e rie n c e p r e f e r a b le b u l not n e c e s s a r y ____________ 

GALS 
GUYS 
OVERT/ 
TRAVEL CAREER 
NATION A l M M 
Now hos openings lot several n»ot young people to assisi rn* on my 

NATIONWIPf 
TKA VII PROGRAM 
No special qualifications needed but must he tree to travel ond able to leave al ome tor US broth and resort oteas and return High poy ond msuol conditions molies this ertremely desirable lei the younger set lot interview ond immediate placement, contact 
M IU to s t AT TNI 
G UN Trt NOTH 
2274*41 

W H E E L 
A L I G N I N G 
A N D 
B R A K E 
W O R K 
E X P E R 
I E N C E D 
B e a r W h e e l A lig n in g 
147? N C o lo ra do 
_____ 
W IL S O N IN T E R N A T I O N A L 
•4 N E L O O P 41o S U IT E H O E 
____________ SI? 349 1411___________ 
S1?S w k C o u n te r S ale s SSS 
M u st h a v e p lu m b in g o r h a rd w a re exp 
Ike K e lly 973-4364 413 SW 
M ilita ry 
Jobs. South P la ce m en ! S e rv ic e 

616 FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

COMBINATION 

MECHANIC/ASSEMBLYMAN 
I 

Must be experienced ond have own hand tools Pay rote up 

 to $4.75. 5 day week. Pass physical. Short test required. 

 a p p ly in p e r s o n 

Personnel Office 9am -3pm 

Men and W om en 

I N G R A M M F G . C O . 

5 4 o C u le b ra Rd. 

DONUT HUTS 
OF AMERICA 
Needs 
Counter Salesladies 
No Experience Necessary 
Transportation Required 
Call 
533*5981 
For Appointment 

 sac 

TRANSIT 

BUS 

OPERATORS 

M ZF 

Apply 
8oo W. Myrtle 
8:15-11:oo AM 
1:oo-3:oo PM 
MON.-TUES Only 
227*5371 

•qual O pportunity tm p lo y w 

Buried under a stack of Iii I Is? 

HELP PAY THESE BILLS. 
EARN EXTRA CASH. 
MOO - '25oPER MONTH 

FOR DELIVERING NEWS ROUTES 

MON.-FRI. IN THE AFTERNOON 

SAT. A SUN. IN THE MORNING 

S O M E S M A LL BICYCLE R O U TE S A L S O A V A IL A B L E 

I WEST SIDE AREA | 

FOR FURTHER IN F O R M A T IO N C A LI 

225-741 I EXT. 123 

M ON.-FRI. 8:3o to 4 :3 o 

An tq u a l O p p o r tu n it y E m p lo y e r 

£jt.V 
BRICK CONTRACTORS 

 rK '/ * • ' ‘ 
- 
*' i f . , . ' ■< *> 
Large New Subdivision 

North Houston, Texas Area 

CALL RICK OR TOM 

( 7 1 3 ) 6 
9 
7 
- 2 
7 
5 
1 

After 6 P.M. A W eekends Call: 

RICK (713) 273-4931 

TOM (713) 7 8 1 -1 4 6 7 

TRACTOR TRAILER 
DRIVERS 

 lf you are super qualified and ore looking for a permanent position with excellent wages and benefits, steody work and good equipment; hove a dean record, reefer ex­ perience ond o willingness to work bord, you ore our mon. Applications token at 

Jewel Trucking 
9o35 Aero Lane 
(behind Gulf marl) 
Monday A Tuesday 
Noon to 5 p.m. 

ASST. PARTS MANAGER 
• EXPERIENCED ONLY • 
ALL COMPANY BENEFITS 

SEE JOE MORIN JR. 
IN PERSON... 
TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
LOOP 41o NORTH AT SAN PEDRO 
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

JACK-IN-THE-BOX 

Hot aor! limp poiitioiii /ivailablp foi motif! 
J? TO on bout lo start, hoifHtnlifution free, paid vacation, merit pay increase! 
Apply In Person 
9 -11 AM 
3315 Son Pedro 
No Phone Calls, Please 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

MILITARY OFFICERS 
MALE OR FEMALE lf you have 4 yeorv ot leys remaining in service ond itll! un decided as to wha) (nisei you ate auinq ta puttee' fain SISO to 
VIOO weekly on a parttime bain 
I hic is a cahuy and commtiiton position tor those who ale in- teiected in obtaining then texas 
Real bla te licence tom while you learn (al' for appt 

349 3974 Ix t. I 

INSIDE 
CUSTODIAN 

Must have af least 
5 years experience sham poomg carpet and care for inside office. 

 a p p ly la p a rso n o n ly 

 to H a rr y H o w a rd 
The Dee Howard Co. 

9*1o Jehu Seundert Rd. 

 let I Airport 

 equal opportunity employer 

FINISH CARPENTER 

Must have proof of 5 years experience and own hand tools. apply in person only to 

H arry H ow ard 

The Dee Howard Company 

961o John Saunders Rd. 
International Airport 
•qual opportunity employer 

 i 
B A R T E N D R E S S J 

£ 
G o o d hours 

^ 
G o o d benefits 
™ 
o 
LaQuinta a 
M otor Inn 
• 

IH 1 o a* V a n c e 
4 1 
• 
Ja ck so n 
A 

 m 
734-7931 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
M f 

A S S I S T A N T C H E E w ill t r a i n u n d er c e rtifie d c h e f tor re s ta u r on! and clu b w o rk A d v is e s a la ry , e x p e r ie n c e a n d r e f e r e n c e s to 
A m e r ic a n R e s t a u r a n t B o x T, 
S nyd er, t x 79349 j 

A C T I V E D U T T 
M I L I T A R Y 

E S th ru E 9 an d o ffice r*, m o le or fe m a le G e n e ra l D e v e lo p m en! C o rp h a s o p e n in g * tor p u b lic i elation* pe ople E a r n 
S7 a n h a u l w h ile e n io y m g d in in g w ith y o u r frie n d * in 
S a n A n to n io * le a d in g re * ta u ra n t* Thi* I* a v o tary po 
* ition tor p e on le w h o a re in te re * te d in b e c o m in g T e x a * lic e n s e d R e a l E s t o le S a le * m a n o n d P u b lic R e la tio n * 
C o rn w h ile you lo o m 

J49 197? E x t 7 

A p t c o m m u n ity * e c u n ty g e o id m a tu re , re tire d w ith m ilita r y or 
I low e n fo rcem e n t e x p e rie n c e 
I 917 63o1 
_____ 

A P T le a s in g a g e n t n e e d e d E x p e rie n ce p re fe rre d 
A P A R T M E N T J O B S O F S A 
•21-9196 
E m p lo y m e n t C on su ltan t*___ 

A t t r a c t iv e C o c k t a il w a it r e s s w a n te d 
N ig h t w o rk 
A o p iv in pe rson at the V illa g e in n N u m b e r 
9 W in d in g W o y ___________________ 

BARTENDER NEEDED 
N o 
E x p e r ie n c e 
N e c e s s a r y 
R A P E S P L A C E 
C o ll noon Sam 
I J* SISO 

A pt M a n a g e r, m ilita r y or re tire d . e x p e rie n ce p re fe rre d 341 9339 _ 

ASSISTANT Apt. Manager 
C o u p le o v e r 4o to be o»*i*7on<* w hile tra in in g for apt m a n a g e r* 
S a la ry p lu s a p a rtm e n t A p p ly at 
O ffice 322? HW C O O P 41o, atte r 
IO OO A M , to 7 P M _____________ -__ 
A lin it liv e e sco rt* needed 
3 4 4 U IS . 344 I I M s d a y , 
S e c , 

CHEF 

TEXAS MUNICIPAL POWER AGENCY 

( A n Equal O pp ortunity Em ployer) 

N e e d * E N G IN E E R S , M I N I N G & P L A N T S U P E R V I S O R S , L A N D R E S O U R C E M A N A G E 

M E N T 
P E R S O N N E L , & 
C O N T R A C T 
A D M I N I S T R A T O R rn c o n n e c tio n w .th a BO O 

 m e g a w a ” lig n ite fire d ste a m e le c tric g e n e ra tin g M o tio n to b e c o n s tru c te d n e a r B ry o n , 

T exo* 
The T e x a s M u n ic ip a l P o w e r A g e n c y is o w h o le s a le p ro d u c e r o f e le c tric p o w e r 

 to r to u r T e x a s citie s 
W e o re lo o k in g fo r to p q u a lity p e o p le d e s irin g a c o re e r w ith a 

 s tro n g o n d g ro w in g a g e n e y 
A s s ig n m e n t w ill b e to th e A g e n c y » h e a d q u a rte r* in the 

D o lla * / F t W o rth a re a , u n le s s s p e c ifie d b e lo w : 

■gl..O I___i H ? ! ! 1 
S H U W O O D 
V A N I N R U S H 
Ho* Ofemnm tor a few gua'ifi a i tong in tom* household goad bouton 
RfOUIRtMltm 
I Heve com m ercial license 
2, Bo abl* Ie q u e ll!y w ith 

I 

• m e c h a n i c a l e n g i n e e r 

• ELECTRICAL EN G IN E ER 

• M IN IN G E N G IN EER 

• G E N E R A L PLAN T SUPT 
(olont site) 

• RESIDENT EN G IN E ER 
. 
(pion! site) 

• CIVIL E N G IN E E R S 
(o n e a t p lo n t site ) 

• C H E M IC A L E N G IN E E R 

• S E N IO R L A N D A G E N T 

• L A N D A G E N T 

• C O N T R A C T S A D M IN IS TR A T O R 

3. Be ever 21 years afd. 
4. Hmm et least 2 years ever the reed experience 
In bftij okj immmLi 

I . Be 
' ■ 

MS* — Lama lewkcdxsca JBMmmLftLLfc 
Re»e yVKBATKPf » V iW O T W 

Coli Boy Croutes 
Sherwood van lines 

( S I 2 > 3 3 3 - 2 2 1 o 

W ANTED 
QUALIFIED 
ELECTRICIAN to eoth rn plont motnttnom* l r pm# ne od with industrial controls nslphil but not decenary Mtody position 
Goad pay 
Compony btnthts k ille d stoctrMiuns aflight live hi the beautiful Hill 
Country Coll or apply at 
VlCOfl AROMATICS 
I errvi|!*, (eses 
Weekdays 8 AM S IM ar phone 
(512) 3*7 SSM 

BENCH 
TECHNICIAN 

Hove optninq for ex­ perienced TV bench tech­ nician 
Good satory for qualified person. Excellent company benefits. 
736-46o3 

E x p e rie n c e d in g o u rm e t toad. no fry coo ks o r coo ks h elp e r* ple ase 
S a la ry open 349 9311 ask for M r 
Ply# * tor in te rv ie w 
C H E F . k itch e n m a n a g e r, tor ex e lu s iv e re tire m e n t ce n te r go od pay, send re su m e to B ox N o 4*64 
E x p re s s N ew s />79>_______ 
_ 

D I S H W A S H E R B a s s e t t s U S I 
A u stin H w y S22 o4)7 
F R Y 
C O O K e x p e r ie n c e p re fe rre d G ood s a la ry A p p ly rn person on ly S am b o * IS46 N orth 
B ah t ock 
_______ 
N e e d p a r t lim e e m p lo y e e * ip I w ork H a m Jam A p p ly in p e rso n betw een 9am and noon on ly SSO? I 
C a lla g h a n R d 
N o phone c a ll* 1 pled** 
M I M E COOKS 
E x p e rie n c e d d in n e r c o o k s 
To o w a ge s, good h o u rs a n d w o rk in g I con d ition s P e rm a n e n t tabs C on tact M a u ric e F e r r e ll 

M o il confidential re p lie s with re su m e and salary re q u ire m e n ts to 
Texas Municipal Power Agency, / t i l Bosque Blvd., W aco, TX 
7 671o ATTN Marlene W ooten, Director of Personnel 

GARMENT COMPANY 

•VISSING M AIM TM AN Ci 

KAECH AMK 
Also 
SfWtMG MACHINE 
TRUCK MECHANICS 
Experienced All Phases 
Heavy Duty Truck Work 
Large Busy Modern Shop 

W e o ffe r th e fo llo w in g B e n e f11§ 

• Paid Vacation 
• Hospital and Dental Insurance 
• U fa Insurance 
• Health and Accident Insurance 
• Pension Plan 

A p p ly in p e rg o n to Jim Cross 
SAN ANTONIO TRUCK SALES 
AND SERVICE 
• • IO IH IO la s t 
661-AS11 y 

4 
V 
^ n 
^ 
» 
^ f o 
M 
) o 
^ e 
« v 
# r » o x 
^ 

TOOL AND DIE 
MAKERS 

Electronic components manufacturing plant it looking for 
Journeyman tool and eke maker* to work on progressive dies: 
Good wages and work m g condition* 
Coit 

P E R S O N N E L 
D E PA R T 
MENTi 

CTS 
OF BROWNSVILLE 
SI 2-546-51B4 

 ny w ith a 

SANTOMI MUUS TtttS 

M I B S . IA A Z A M o 8 A 

I a u a i o tm o e T U N trr i m p *o r c * 

 rotor* 
^ B eautyOporaf 
WE NEED 3 

M a re B e a u t ic ia n * !! 

V t bove • staff af 2o busy ope* otorv tut Hwy conn#! bond)* eur gloving business Com* help us out and make good money Closed Men toys Mo lot# work I' Salary +■ Com mission 
RADIANT LADY 
B a w t y Solan 

9o* Otter! • Dr. 
M A A S t i 
SSI 3 treed war 
I U H U 
S a 

FEE PAID 
T R A IN I! BS Hr. 

Must hay* wark t ip Will tram 

 to hgndto shipping 4 m in tin g 

Wilt assist in mgmf et tory* warehouse 
Adding machine 

 knowledge would be helpful All 

 benefits and rapid lases 

MY PUCE RESTAURANT 
H A t i l 4 

A U T O M O T I V E C L E R K 
N orth. 333o B a n k e r* E m u 
• 7oo C ro w n in g l? » 6 l?3 __________ 
Beeline 
22623o3 

CHAUFFEURS 
WANTED! 
R e lia b le G ood O p p o rtu n itie s 
P le a s a n t W o rk in g C o n d itio n * 

Y E L L O W 
CA B 
________ ise« H O E F G E N 
C O L L E C T O R telephone an d ou i vide. N o rth . 3*3o B a n k e r* E m p 
Sue 
179o C ro w n h ill. >2» 6173 
C o u p le * to le a r n a n d e a r n in depen den t busine** m a n a g e m e n t 
Second in com e 31o,ooo lo 32o.ooo y e a rly S A M la I2 N O O N P e rs o n a l in te rv ie w s Ask l ur J Q 696 349o 
D a n ce te a ch e r* , b a llro o m e x p e r te n e t , to p p a y . to p a d v a n c e d tra in in g , m a le on d fe m a le , c a ll 
A le x . 732 2191. 73o1 W est A v e 
Job s N orth, tn t. P io c e m t iv e 
D e liv e ry L ig h t te m p u io rv , m u tt h ove e co n o m irp l c o r » 7 4 tJ J I__ 
D I I I V E R Y P E O P L E W A N T E D 
F O R L a v e rn e t F lo w e r* A p p ly in 
Per son 6oo2 W e*! A v e n g e 

Y a a k M a a t a r w 

MACHINIST $4 Hr 
R o y 922-2711 121) SW M ilita ry 
*22 7211 
123) SW M ilit a iy D r 
Job E x p e rt* Inc P la c e m e n t Ser 

M a in te n a n c e M e c h a n ic M u st be e x p e rie n ce d in coin la u n d ry and d ry c le a n in g e q u ip m e n t »24 leo s 
M a n ic u r is t w a n te d 
P e tr g ie u m 
Tow er 
B a rb e r 
Shop 
C o rp u s 
C h risti 
____ ______________ 

GARDENER 

EXP MIG WILDERS 
C a n tar ap p t K u e s t C e ra 
I 
I 
III l l ' 

EXPERIENCED 

6 ii p y s s 8 ! i S i j r tai Coittctor rn e p a m d ! - * t o • • • e s **# # r 
*o*641 per see I < e-naeri*iran re OU I re d O w n I M H p r e t t i e d se to n commensurate with es aoo x E R a M B B B M de c N W Opp oops 

 e s u e rte n ce d S e rv ic e S tB t iM A t­ tendant MOBB Station 1*114 S M 
I fH fB M<in i 
I spec iee e e d s m a lt e n g in e m e cham * ta w a rk an coot* sa w s a n e law n m ooter* 
A c m e R e n t B d e 
• A M U . 

B in S E A M S T R E S S Ie m n ke cus tom m od e shirt* 13* l i l t 

U P 'SHEET VINTI 

KNO TIU INSTALLERS 
M u st have ewe 
Met* aha lr gn*p«i telm « 
C E N I R A C B L O O R C O V E R IN G 
EPI# B a li »t 
* » * > » 
Up SIM PWtBf 
I scTeaa p rin te r per* 
D r sits rap excellent cern pony inane 
H H ~ el** 
M x a n rra n e M • a a ia r s . c M * e y . x e n o n H CAM la* ORR* I H I 
7 m a Z T * * * * * * lq u n . D a M M M . ly 6 *•*»»«« sam D I PASS 
( A it l l * 
IXhO ISk AMO NXW* 

E x p e r ie n c e d e n d d e p e n d a b le m o n n e e d e d In w o rk ta r la n d s ­ c a p e 
C o m p a n y 
R e f e r e n c e * 
■ eau .te d J4 J 7*28 >4 ) 3997 
| 
H a ird re s s e r needed w ith in dow m g g o o d w a r n in g r e n d it io n s . 
_______ 

HEAVY DUTY MECHANICS 
E x p e rte n c n d needed im m e d ia te ly M a n y com P e ny frin g e b e n efits 
A p p ly in p g rs e n o n ly W e h rin * 
D oss E ou ra C a rp t ile * IM)* N o rth o lW ie d n e r R d E g u o l O p p o rtu n ity e m o te to i_________________________ 
H E A V V E Q U I P M E N T 
M E C H A N I C p r e te r r e b iy w ith e x R e rra n c e en e n g in e s e n d I r g n s n u t s ie n * . p ro d u cts a re C R M . O ra d e ll E la m ond Bra*. C fh D ou g *23-4j$j 
_____ tre e w o rk e r Shit R ob ot 
A p p ly in per sen 
H E* De la y OHI R d 6*6 j u s jo u rn e y m a n E (a c in e ta n * w om en 
. — 
Jou rn eym en e le c tric ia n tar « am m y fe ra l w a rk Appt# 9* C o le m a n e le c t r ic C a H i (a n d a k l. N e w 
B r a m m tH . I A ik M I I 
L e iT p i R r * * s a r i m a tt" O tT sa t 
I ew er BIX' tar p rim snap E t c enn u i pay OM H inge ne nettle 
I Sn • 

1 B B H 1 ________________________ i L ic e n s a a e lg m b n r n e e d e d tar t a i Bd if. H a lite H! RU— 
CAS! M S i AOA 

MASONS WANTED 
I A p p ly in p e r s o n o f 
T E X A S r e h a b i l i t a t i o n h o s p i t a l 
Q ttin x i i m itts south at L u tin g ) 

M E C H A N I C q u a lifie d to w ork on 
C u sh m a n g a s on d e le c tric vent c ie * , la w n m o w e r s a n d g o lf co u rse e q u ip m e n t E x c e lle n t pay t»oid v o ca tio n s g ro u p in su ra n ce p ro fit s h a rin g p la n s o n d fa cto ry schools C o n ta ct Joh n B e n n e tt at r n 7447 t u i B ro a d w a y 
| 
M o to r G r a d e r O p e ra to r r i p e r ra n te d o n ly w o rk in g in Son A n terne a re a B ru c e C o n tra ctin g C e rn rs E1B-4S4), m om * i< s > to > 
N ee d e d C a rp e n te rs and h e lp e r* 
A p p ly in p e rso n ID I* N W eidn pr 

H ooded, e x p e rie n c e d d ra fts m a n . cod W in d s o r H o m e s Inc XAA SATE 
N E T O I M M E D I A T E L Y 
L t C E H S iO E L E C T R I C I A N to w a rk to r m a n u fa c tu rin g ca n ca rn Ja b r* *p g n * ip iiiti* * in clud e 
•D e s ig n a n d la y o u t at e le c t r ic a l system s tar cu stom equip 
•O r p a rin g at e le c tric a l com ponents 
• W irin g e le c tric a l s yste m s 
• b u ild in g an d equ ip m a in te n a n ce 
& t i * t m 
* ' M i l _ 
H o o d m a n w ith m e c h a n ic a l es te n o n e d , m u st h pxe h an d leal* p re fer settled m an A d d le IE H ob* 
KL_________________ _ 
HOO 
P a r t i 
M o n o m e r 
HODO c>' •a*' M a re e xg m e re m s Jo y ce 
B ast 9)1 i) w 411 EW M illie r i 

 t 44 agr tram a p p lia n c e re g g u tv 
IS XtNNAtg Ta O d* en c• COM 
717 2191 2*91 « 
H 
OM *7 B e d 
I 
M o t H g r ^ tora, rh m p h h lo c 

PIAN! MAINTENANCE 
E s ta b lis h e d , fle x ib le p a c k a g in g f ir m , p r in t e r , la m in a t o r , b o g rn to u re r needs on exp p ro d u ctio n m a c h in e ry m e ch a n ic E le c tro n ic e q u ip an d la th e e s p d e s ira b le 
!L o c a l r e f e r e n c e s , p e r m a n e n t, c o m p a n y b e n e fits , s a la r y open 
Com Iamb-la m : 212-94B4 
Q u a lif ie d J o u r n a y m a n k i t e tric w n s needed lop w ades ter the rig h t peddle C od >44 344)________ 
R A D I O I N S T A L L E R o n d A IR 
C O N D IT IO N IN G in s ta lle r, e x p e r ra n te d needed at en# of th# to* te st g ro w in g b u s in e s s e s in San 
A m e n ia , e x c e lle n t pa y a n d be n 
PB H , COM 7M-3JI7 

$6oo R O U T E D R I V E R S 
$9oo 
U p e a r ly 
« tt e a r ly ! N e t I cg tra m s John H am p to n t i ) 4J64 41) 
SW M ilita ry fobs, South P H K amant l e v e e 
, 

ROUTE SALES 
S O F T D R IN K F I R M 
S A L A R Y A C O M M tk S tO N 
A p p ly rn p a is a n on ly la R a ta ar 
A rth u r a tta r 2 M a m a t t i m o re c to r 
O r 
T e xas 
B everage 
Rucker* 
S C H E E N p r i n t I R S w a n te d w ith in s u r a n c e b e n e fit* ne a i perience n e c e s sa ry >49 )3 Jt 

S e a m s tre s s B itto r le i b o u tiq u e e s p a ll T ypes w e m e n w e a r. I d a y s Tug* S at C o m m is s io n en 
Iv 
T r a n s p o r t a t io n n e c e s s a r y 
Duad hours lits C iliu m D r 
_____ 
S E C U R IT Y G U A R D S t i g e r te n te d K *4 h r 
B u tt a n d p a rt h m e A cm e B a ta rd e H I a l Vt 
Bf 41) 4194 M o n T n 
------ 

$6oo 
S S R V I C f 
W R I T B H m o o 
Assistant S t r a t e * M a r 
A u te m e c h e b o n y ' A n p t y x e ’ 
o o g le r 
Jo h n H am ptxm T i t c ia * 
E U EW M o rta ry 
J E M M n t B i i s i i a A ira liv e r s * r a w s 
CASS t i ) I E M 

N o w h ir in g b a r t e n d e r s , fo o d s e rv e rs , k itc h e n p e rs o n n e l, b u s p e rs o n s a n d c a s h ie r fo r lu n c h s h ift 
A p p lic a tio n s a c c e p te d l l p rn d a lly , 3 )9 3 M c C u llo u g h 
B o ck ya rd R e s ta u ra n t 
_ __ 
! O p e n in g rn g o u rm e t d e p o rtm e n t tor e v e n in g sh ift at M r 
D undee- oak s in N o rth S ta r M a ll M a tu re sales p e rso n w ith som e E u ro p e a n b a c k g ro u n d p r e f e r r e d C e ll to r op p o in tm e n t 344 4 3 4 1 ________ 

Our n ew ly re m o d e le d P ro u d B u ll 
R e sta u ra n t now h irin g 
E X P E R I E N C E D O N L Y 
C O O K S 
W A I T R E S S E S 
B U S R O Y S 
D IS H W A S H E R S 
In te rv ie w 9gm 4 lOpm M on F n 
T R A V E L L O D G E 
1o4 V I L L I T A 
A lso need m otet M A ID S 
P A R T T I M E s e a t in g h a s te s * . 
T h a i F n S a l o n ly 
C o n t a c t 
B A Y O U S H U 7 » , 2 3 D o ily 
R e s t a u r a n t m u n a g e r n e e d e d , ap p lica tio n * a c ce p te d w ith e x p e r ranee and re fe re n ce * C a ll tar aa pointm en! * 3 124 )719 B a c k y a rd 
Rc-sio u ia n t 
R E S T A U R A N T M O R 
Foo d and 
B d v o r a a e p a r s o n fo r g r o w in g go u rm e t th o rn W ork rata over -od m a n a g e m e n t 
St 
S i* 2K 
L o a 
B a k e r. M i ISSI 
S N E L L I N G A S N E L L I N G 
E m atey IO? W R E C T O R S e rv ic e 
W A I T E R S A N D W A I T R E S S E S 
A p p ly in per te n B illy R * N a ta*. t ill? N W E x p re s s w a y 

WHATABUHGEH 

N e e d s p e rm a n e n t f u ll tim e m en an d w om en tar new A u s ­ tin H w y re s ta u ra n t A p p ly in person 
S A T U R D A Y O N L Y betw een lO qm 4pm at S H I S 
F lo ra s N e phono co m s p le ase 

•ORIVE CARS* 
A ge l l u p i G ood d riv in g re c o r d ' 
G lo ria X74 o227 Job P la c a m e n ts 
E m p lo y m e n t S et 3)1* Son P e d ro 

ENERGETIC? 

618 H T I i i 

T i M d * w M 
T t o n i K i n H S f , m ust be obi* la us* IB M B x e c u liv e 
3 4 d a y s a m anta H e n b it h o u rs e x c e lle n t o p p o rtu n ity tar housew ife 
Tap p a y 
COM c a ra t 

 iiL m iL m ^ M m r a r a m m e w M m i 
671 
MHI 
Nutt! 
WSClMMOttS 
Jl|H»Kia(l*«»rngw hem * to x in lei s i n ee ) b u s d r ie a r s G o o d SUB elem en t tat i tin c d par *•**» COH 
“ L . k s m * * . f l i n t 1 

L o ve the O utdoors# 
W a n t s e m i r e tir e d e x p e r ie n c e d couple w ith other in co m e lo to re ta r b e a u tifu l c a ttle r a n c h P e r- m g n e n l 342 H A I 

EXOTIC DANCERS 
E x c e lle n t P a y 
C a ll n e o n S am , 
7)6 U M N ew P la c e O u tsid e C ity 
E X P E R I E N C E D 
J A N I T O R 
(non sm o k e r/ o p p iy IE 12 H ills id e 
M ii'iii- t i n 'ixia 

EASHION IWO TWENTY 
C o s m e tic s p a r t tim * a v a ila b le 
M o to re w o m an on ly C o lt J44 U T I 

FINANCE COMPANY 
F ie la re p re se n ta tiv e s C re d it an d a p p ra is a ls C a r n e c e s sa ry G oad s a la ry 6 ca r a llo w a n ce R e in e d m ilita ry ac I aa le d C e ti M i 
With* j m - ; i n 
FIRL PART TIME 
N e e d ydung m en a n d w o m e n ta h elp out in m y s m a ll a p p lia n c e b u s in e s s N o e x p e rie n c e nee** y i H i ill*_______________ 
F U L L T I M E C A k H I S R 
M u s t ! h ave ow n Iron m e r lo t ten be neat. weft groom ed, an d m a tu re kam e e x p e rie n c e n e c e s s a ry 
A p p ly in p e rso n R ic k m a n B ra s 
IS* C a n trot P a rk M a ll e q u a l o a a a rlu n ity 
•a u tis m ____________ 
G a s on d B a t T ru ce S lo e C a sh ie r r e lie f s h ift d a y a n d e v e n in g ! 
P e rm a n e n t tab, 3 da y week m a ta re L o c a l tata r anear k ta ri *41* a m onth AM e g a d t a t ra nt ta 
A J 
A rach O il Cd,, in c 
3747 O M N ICH 
Rd No phone caws p le a se _______ 
I g irls for telephone w ark, na a i te rra n e # n e c e s s a r y s a t ) IM I# 
Northwest *99 IIT* 
Handicapped Univ 
Steed* L m oray m e a l. S i a n h o a r 
Start S3) M i l 

•Utahans new beme acc apt*# tar • phi Deer man i night* gar wee* at Hor lh Bldr Cleom e An k u t ' o o o *1 le n it y C a s a te **! 

HDUSEPARENTS 
S scoirant benefits a salary L iv e lh aas'ti ens 1*4 leu**** R e ew r* rag w a rk F a r in te r eraw awat COR 
M r * E lk in s e l) M i l ___________ ' 
M O O t E d H V B E 
W e n in y o u r ew n a e ig h b a rb e n a tu n a r p a r t bara AEE-M M,. 
T E E M J B B s ' m b C H O K b s ~ 
Chgaaoy new. a a m an d M n 
G O - B M Y I U M H U t i l EEFT 

I L A D I E S N P E D E O I bour* Pat ta . t day arnee, it s Sraww* Haena t^Vi Ilf MA i a u w d r* a tte n d a n t g a r tim '*. m ust be Opa ta week w e e k .**. 
H M a ik 
...... 
... , 

NEED 
ADDITIONAL INCOME? 
I 

* = n t 

Need reliable distributor with own transportation to deliver daily newspapers 
In S.E. Bexar County (U.S. Hwy. 87 
East) 
$4oo-$5oo NET PROFIT 
BOND REQUIRED 
4-5 H ou rs P e r D a y 
Call Neil Skilling$ 
2 25-7411, Ext. 13o b e tw ee n 
9:oo A .M . - 11 .OO A .M . 
An Equal Opportunity Implorer 

CARRIERS NEEDED 

D o Y o u : 
N e ed to train up lo S I S O a month for 2 hrs. work each m orning? 
M ust have reliable transportation 
Morning Routes Open: 
Call M a n a g e rs to r a re a % 
Thumrforbird Mills 
681-1 794 
Randolph 
658-1322 lackland 
674-7o75 
Son Pedro (N. lo o p 41) 
656-oo99 
Windcrest 
658-7255 
Park Village - Kirby 
655-6858 or call SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS, 1o:oo 
AM-S:oo PM, 225-7411 , EXT. 13o, ask for DOBBS. 
A n ( q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

NEW ARMY RESERVE UNIT 
34oTH SUPPLY & SERVICE CO. 

Ltorn a skill and get paid while you leorn 

Part of what you earn is pride 

The Army Reserve is looking for men and women 

 to fill vacancies. To find out how you 

 con loin, coll 922 632o or 922 6329, USARC, 

432 toiw ell St. Moor Soars South Side. 

PAYROLL CLERK 
• 5 DAY WORK WEEK o 

Must have previous p ayroll e x ­ perience, including all state and federal reports. 
CONTACT? M R . W HITT 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 SAN PIRRO 
3 41-2231 

L e e a i M a m a B a u d * * woad* y a rd a n d m a in ly fi««< » m a * tar m ade ' n am e a n i* tx hee* w e e* g u a r n t a e d C o rn a d a * bewxh ts Mo m U n iv e rs a l C dg 
A M root 

M A t H F i B a a n r m 
M n * u « -a 
Ka# e a a rkm e nt c a m a i l* 
I y rs aaa 
AP t i l M i NT JOBE 
OF EAN AH I OHIO 

MA IN T t N A N C E M A H ta r 

Hand lewd nm ta r ra n i.in « t f i a t bai 
• se ess* 
TK,* 

M A N i amate x 
Mast Enow a IU m o rn *. o att c e n d it ia w in a . a m e b a * , g a in a mi ii H a* * ! * and *4n4H « g | raaaB 
M 4 9 U T 
_ t E«e.« . 

62o KEIP WANTED 
MISCELLANEOUS 

MEN & WOMEN 
S K IL L E D & U N S K IL L E D 
Needed to s ta rt w o rk im m e d ia te ly w ith a e ro -h y d ro system s. F le x ib le h o u rs m a y be a r r a n g e d f o r students Call 342-5226 

MOB, TRAINEES 
Age 21 u p! HS g ra d ' $6oo+ ti m o i 
C all B ill 732 9781 son P ed ro 
E m p lo y m e n t Ser. 1616 San P e d ro 

San A ntonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February I 3 I 9 7 7 

AUTOMOTIVE 

7o2 726 FOREIGN SPOBTSCARS 7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 

NEED 2o HOUSEWIVES 
4 h o u rs , 4 d a y s , o r 4 e ves p e r week to r 8 show s. Show B ee lin e 
E x c lu s iv e L in e of F a shion s M a ke p ro fit on e v e ry s h o w p lu s $3oo sam ple w a rd ro b e at no cost. C a r necessary, 
21+ . 
C oll fo r a p p t 
226-23o3 
______ 

N E E D P E O P L E to help in m y o ffic e e ith e r fu ll tim e I d a y o r p o r t t im e e v e n in g , 
O p p o rtu n ity fo r e x c e lle n t e a rn lags No e x p e rie n c e needed 
Ap I p ly in p e rs o n ; 2oo3 San P e d r o ,1 
Room 8. i 
P A R T T IM E C A S H IE R S $2.3o an I h r 6pm 12pm, 2o-3o hrs. a w eek ! 
No exp n e ce ssa ry 
M in age 18.. 
A p p ly in p e rs o n , 9-3, M o n F r i, 
Stop 
N 
Go 
M a rk e ts , 
2o4 
E . J 
R hapsody. 
; 
P A R T T IM E W O R K s to r tin g in . 
M a rc h fo r h ou sew ive s w ith tra n j s p o rta tio n , th a t lik e p e o p le o n d i plants Coll 344-3832 o r 349 5829 
I 

PHOTOGRAPHER 
WE T R A IN YOU 
S ta rt o l $25o w e ekly, $5oo w e e k ly ' soon W hether you a lre a d y h ave a studio or not im m e d ia te success 
F u ll tim e or p o rt tim e , we show you e v e ry th in g and g iv e you a ll o u r p ro g ra m h o ld e r s ittin g s lf y o u d e s ir e to be a s u c c e s s fu l p r o fe s s io n a l p o r t r a it p h o to g ra p h e r in y o u r hom e tow n, c a ll M r G a in e s (615)256 o794 o r w rite U n ite d P h o to g ra p h e rs As s o c ia tio n , P O B ox 23266, N a sh 
Ville, TN 372o2 
__ 
S H IP P IN G C L E R K 
7 3o lo 4 M o n -F ri 
924 4481 U n ite d P e rs o n n e l Con 1 su lton ts 666-C S W M ilita ry D r. i 
S ign M a in te n a n c e h elp 
4o h o u ri w e e k , m u s t be a b le to c lim b : heights. 3714 N P an a m E x p re s s I w ay. C ontact h o u rs 9om -4pm 
| 

STILL NEED 
5 NEAT APPEARING 
MEN 
O ver 2o y rs of age lo w o rk in lo c a l o re a $16o w e ekly it q u a lifie d Job is p e rm a n e n t 
W ill tra in . Phone 
653 7451___________________________ 
T A K IN G re s u m e s fo r I e x p e r le n re d m a n ag er and a ssistan t, on the S ou thside 
A lso , one fo r th e 
N o rth w e st side Send to P O Box 
79629. San A ntonio, 78229 
_ 
Tolent to r USO T o ur, d a n ce rs and m u s ic ia n s needed C all 653 oo73. 

TROCK DRIVERS 
L o c a l' $3 OO an h o u r' O v e rtim e * 
C oll JoA nn 732 9781 San P ed ro 
E m p lo y m e n t Ser 1616 San P ed ro 
W A N T E D 
L a u n d re s s 
I d ay a 
Week M onday o r S a tu rd a y M ust fu rn is h own tra n s p o rta tio n 
C all 
826 5493 
_ 

WAREHOUSE DELIVERY 
5 day w k ' co m m lie ! H ire to d a y ! 
G lo rio 824 o227 Job P la ce m e n ts 
E m p lo y m e n t Ser 5316 San P ed ro 

Y A R D 
S U P T T O P S S 
C a ll M a ry Lee 
878 6494 N e w D a y P e r s o n n e l 
Conslts, 9o1 N E Loo p 41o ________ 
Y oung m an w a nte d lo le a rn coin ma< bine b usin e ss 
A p p ly in per- 

LARGEST SELECTION OF 
NEW & USED VOIKSWAGENS 
& HONDAS IN SAN ANTONIO 
★ **U S E D CAR S P E C IA L S *** 
12 MONTH OR 12,ooo MIU MKH AMICAL INSURANCE AVAIL 
AIU ON MOST USED CARS HOM MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 

, T 7 m o r t e m 
(,he tar) me,o,,it 
7 7 5 U K U L L U pearl fawn, with saddle interior, 4 speed, air conditioned, AM/FM stereo, aluminum wheels, radial tires, 2,3oo miles Betoil S639o ..................................... 
77 MONTI CARIO LANDAU 
Light blue with white vinyl top, V 8, outomatic transmission, power steenng, power brokes, on conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, 3,ooo miles 
6 I 5 o 

DI l i m 
DCC* A l 
^lm® with* white 
/ © IS U IL n K C U A l viny| }op automatic transmission, power steering, power brakes, on i> |o o c conditioned, radio, white sidewalls 
4 8 9 5 
7 passenger, green, radio, 13,ooo %A a o t miles ........................................ 
4 V V 5 

‘5775 
* I 

Brown, automatic, air cond durned, 
AM/EM 
Still in 

*76 VW VAN 
’76 VW RABBIT 

 warranty 

» " » c T O M E I G T me,al’i( 9reen' YA automatic 
* • transmission, power steering, power brakes, on conditioned, radio, white sidewalls, low m iles..................................... .. 
’75 laGRANDf BUG j y * 

’385o 

 conditioned, white sidewall 
’75 LOGRANDE BUG lim* 

 roof, radio, still in warranty 

’ 7 * 4 D A S H E R rw*' ^ <*oo' * sPeet*. a|f <on 
3 teen, 4 cylin- speed, sun 
’2795 

 ditioned, AM TM tape 
•2895 
'74 PONTIAC leMANS Xh.,T«. JZ 

 matic transmission, power steering, power brakes,. on conditioned, white sidewalls 
. 
2 6 9 5 
'74 TOYOTA PICKUP SS l f * ' : 

■ 7 3 VW CAMPMOBIlf p jH (? in slock) 
.................................................... 
’73 TYPE4VW WAGON gold, automatic transmission, AM IM, nice 

T j n M T R Convert)!*, one owner, orange, 4 cyl mder, 4 speed, on conditioned, wire 
, _ 
. wheels, AM fM 
’ 2 7 9 5 
’72 VW SQUAREBACK 

‘245o 

‘3995 

‘2295 

‘1695 

62? DOMESTIC 

’72 V W A llS ID A N S tl^ o: ^ 

38,ooo miles 
......................................... 
’ 1 7 9 5 
’7o VW BEETLE Blue 4 speed rod,o 
‘1195 
DON’T MISS OUR LOW NEW CAR PRICiSI 
I VO LKSW AG EN/ 
HONDA 

1 3 o o S.E. M ilita r y D r. (N e x t to M is s io n C h e v ro le t) 
GMAC FINANCING 
MIC INSURANCE 
9 2 4 -6 5 I 6 
MISSION 

B a b y s itte r needed. 8 3o to 5 3o tor tw o c h ild re n in N o rth s id e hom e 
Cull a tte r 
6. 
732 6617 fo r a p p o in tm e n t______________________ 
E ld e rly la d y needs s e ttle d m id die aged lady to liv e rn N o rth s id e , re fe re n c e s re q u ire d 734 2195 
GOVERNESS HOUSEKEEPER 
L iv e - in S’ i d a y s w e e k 
N ic e p r iv a te ro o m , b a th 
E x c e lle n t valor v and b en efits F a m ily w ith 3 c h ild re n 
R eferences. 342 8352 or 
344 41/6, or w rite P O Box 327o5, 
Son A ntonio, 78216_______________ 
H O U S E K E E P E R , A ustin L iv e in. 
S p a n is h s p e a k in g p r e f e r r e d 
{ 
G oo d s a la r y 
E x p e rie n c e w ith ch ild re n , co okin g nece ssary C all 
R o b e rto B o rn s to n e , c o lle c t on w eekends and eves a t I 47/ 2478 
I 
J E H O V A H S W IT N E S S w a n ts 
S panish or E n g lis h sp ea kin g la dy to liv e in. plus s a lo rv and c a re to r h a n d ica p p e d younq w o m a n 
W ill accept la dy and c h ild W rite M o n ly n C o chran , PO B o * 38o2, Aus tin Tx 78764______________________ 

L a d y to liv e in. c a re to i e ld e rly , lig h t hou seke e ping 
$5o w eek 
655 9412___________________________ 
L IV E IN , c a re of c h ild re n P re fe r person w ith c p i 
A tte r 
5 pm 
633 21o8__________________________ 
L iv e in c o m p a n io n to r e ld e r ly 
A i m y w id o w w ho has d iffic u lty w ith siqhl. som eone w ho can lu k e w alk w ith her and help on evenm q m e a l 
C a r n ee de d to r e rra n d s 
P riv o ie ro o m , b o th , TV In n ic e 
A p a rtm e n t In S ta rk e s t A re a C oll 
653 o284 9 U noon_________________ 
L iv e in housekeeper 5' i d ays p er week 
3 c h ild re n 
R e feren ces 
828 6197__________________________ 
N o rth s id e e ld e rly co up le te q u ic - m g tun tim e liv e in a ssistan t $5oo p e r m o n th + ro o m . b o a rd 
M u s t h ave tra n s p 
S end re s u m e a nd r eferences to E x p ie s s News 7686 
H e lm e d m a tu r e c o u p le w a n ts la d y to r g e n e ra l h o u s e k e e p in g 
M ust be a good cook, s a la ry ac c o r d in g to a b il it y 
E x c e lle n t I w o rk in g c o n d itio n s R e fe re n c e s j re q u ire d 
C a ll 826 1o72, 9 am to 
5pm w eekdays 
SINGLE B ilin g u a l M a id W ill lu r iris h tr a n s p o r ta tio n 
W r ite E x p ress Box 7624______ ____________ 
W a n te d 
5 d ay liv e in m a id no h a r d w o rk , o w n ro o m 
P r e fe r o ld e r S panish s p e a k in g p e rs o n b u l w ill consider o th e rs 655 8118 
•ORDER FILLER* 
♦V 5o on h r! 5 day w k ! N eed 2 n o w ' 
Can JoAnn 732 9781 San F e d ro 
^ m p U ^ jm ^ a S e il^ U jju n P e d M i 

624 SITUATIONS WANTED 

5 o M P G 
$2 , 9 9 9 * 

HONDA CVCC 

Honda is the car and Mission is the place if you want a fine, comfortable economy cor, Hondo is for you. And the best price and service is of Mission Drive out soon. 
•PLUS $2oo WEIGHT 
SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST VW-HONDA DEALER 
MISSION 

HONDA/VOLKSWAGEN 

1 3 o o S.W. M ilita ry D r. 
9 2 4 -6 S 1 6 

ROUTION MSW RD 
Inergehc - mo fur* • reopen ll—!* - h H start*, (arrantly 
■matey** dextro* admin p e titio n 
JO yr*. 
MMcnutwl 
• personnel on* at gem ie rten admin*Stratton in Solar! 
11 a n d IM* 

 w ork t i t 
•a p . m u tt ha oc- 
I»y*«kli toil I ti, ut« t a t Wag 
-------------— ll, know wok ode- 

 mantle** well with a d level, a t organisation a n d meet deadline and aret Mn* re­ 

 plete ta d H T D * NIO leer * nom * e n ' y o w (a il wdi bo returned 

SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE 
OFFERING THE 76 AMERICAN AAOTORS 
GREMLINS And PACERS At REDUCED PRICES 
TOO GOOD TO ADVERTISE 
SEE: DON HAM FLEET MANAGER 

BU DG ET R EN T A C A R 

 p u r r sales 
338 N.E. LOOP 41o SAN ANTONIO, TX. 
349.4441 

£ H IL DC A P C rtT tii y horn# C lo s* lo U kA A end M e d ic a l C om plex 
68+6721 
C h ild c o r* n o rth s id e w e e kd a ys. in fan ts lo I ye ars 494 3984_______ 
D A Y S W O R K o r it o o d y J o b 
M onday th ru F rid a y G ood cook 
22+4o21 
__________________ 
CL DE R L Y C a re ar b a b y s ittin g 
L ig h t housekeeping 
O w n Iro n s 
137 891 $ 
E X P E R IE N C E D L ad y w ants day w o rk 227 »854, 227 3844__________ 
E X P E R IE N C E D Y oung L ad y de s ire s p e rm a n e n t w o rk as te c e p t io n is t 
P r e fe r s D r s o ff ic e 
No rth s ide Con type 712 1688 
E x p e rie n c e d R o ute S e rv ic e m a n w ith v a n tru c k w ishes p a rt tim e 
Route w o rk 655 3o19 
JO B W A N T E D 
O n F a r m o r 
R anch G re w up on a ta i rn. single age 47 speuk G e rm a n and E n g ash W rite E x p re s s Box 7612 
L a d y w a n ts d a y s w o rk 
C a ll 
828 2427 o r 838 $ 1+8_____________ _ 
L iv e in. lite w o rk to r e ld e rly lady 
M on F ri. $38 week M rs A M o re s 
732 T h or a ion $1 G o g g le s 78674 
M A ID W O RK, lite cooking 
Wed th ru T h ors 9 I 38 C o ll 233 56J> 
M A L E P re s e n tly E m p lo y e d as 
W holesale C re d it a nd Cone* lio n 
O ttice M a n a g e r d e s ire s sam e st tuqhon w ith other tu rn 534 8873 

M a tu re C h ris tia n L ad y w ants ion as s itte r , w ith e ld e rly 
P r e fe r 
C e n tre s ! ar 
H ig h la n d a re a 
M E J *45 
Part Tune Sicrctsry t yp ist lite hkk y guy ro ll I i i RAU 
P o s tin g m a c h in e . 18-key a p e ru tar cushier M a tu re JJT 2*24 
R N i l i a d in a g e d / e x c e lle n t b a c k g ro u n d in O f a n d R e c re a annul T h erap y *oo 84*4 
_ 
1874 Y rm tn ly U n iv p ro d E A in 
H is to ry se e ks p e s itia n w ith re sp gn sip itity 7 33 8288___________ _ 

M f!T H E A C H N U R S E 
” 
M E S E N O A F R I E N D 
Our hom e health aides R N ) and 
I VNs a is second Ie none rn lr g ut m g a nd e th e r terse e 
J u s t os im aw l lo » i is th e a ttitu d e e t e a c h 
M P P n o rs e 
W E i r e g n a tio n a l n u r s in g s e rv ic e in s u re d , fu lly k en ded a nd re d d * Id hem 

M e d i c a l P e r s o n n e l P o o l 
M O H L mat* es b eg in m e . I d ays 

WE’VE GOT THEM ALL 
AND THE PRICE IS 
SMALL! 

PRICED 
FROM 

’ 3 
, 6 
2 
4 
DELIVKRCD 
VOLKSWAGENS 
Tow Ii find a good selection of oN makes and models of 
Volkswagens, sublet to supply, of th* lowest prices rn town On o now or used TW, sd* us first And itmemSei ad new Volkswagens ort fuel rn jet ted and give great ga saline mileage on regular gov 

SAN ANTONIO S LARGEST VW HONDA DIALER 
MISSION 
VOLKSWAGEN/HONDA 

I J M S X M a tte ry Or 
9 2 4 4 S U 

/Bl - ERI—a CtlUCTBBS 
/ii muftis gutCIIB 

7o2 726 FBBEIEW SPOBTSKkBB 782 726 iORilGN SP6RTSC8BS 

 i r s W O R T H 

$ 7 
o 
o 
° 
° 
O N A N Y N E W 1 9 7 6 
PEUGEOT 
DIESEL OR GAS CAR 

ALL SPECIALLY PURCHASED 

FOR THIS SALE! 

/ 

PRONOUNCED 
(“POUJ-OH”) I 
ONE OF THE BEST MADE CARS 
IN THE WORLD" 

DIESEL ENGINE WILL 
GIVE YOU FROM 2 7 MPG IN 
THE CITY UP TO 35 MPG 
ON EXPRESSWAYS 

OFFER GOOD UNTIL MARCH 31 ST 
BROUGHTON MOTORS 

 i 
IIII 
| J 1 3o AUSTIN HW Y. 
6 5 5 -o 2 4 ^ | 

$ 

 v s ? s s * 
J I y r M d P A IN TE R desires m u m k d m w ere en owl cungM exer e lk U t MMB 

6 * B u ic k L e k u p re C o n v e rtib le w e d 
A u f * a ir 
R u n s g e e d 
O rig in a l tM tdtliiM ) SISE * J L « it gin 
4 door Sedan A ll gam er g it New va lve tad 
R uns e g a d ' IH S hee a t 
V a lle , H i f exbc ti i) 4 i Saw lh west Ludo 418 
P riv a te awner 
« ** 5574 
_ 
$7 C A D IL L A C A ig e r E e ly R e s 
Nr BMR ti Ii St* MJI ___ 
*4 C A g yrate ! 354 A s ueed. gegr rib o se new adennc a to le ’ kelt gr 
" s a t f f a h ___________________ 
Cdr 4 wheel ru n s g re a t! 
47 Dodge te m * dried - I Nm ra tin g 

Ladded' I tsking i J ted 
I »$V 4 t* e 

2,71o 

BUYS A NEW 1976 
OPEL 

LIST PRICE . . . . 
* 3 , 4 1 o 
Factory Dealer 
Rebate................ 
* 7 o o 

Delivered Price . 
* 2 , 7 1 o 
Plus State Tax and License 

I In Stock— 
Others Slightly AA ore 

LIM ITED O FFER 

Open Till 8 P.M. 

4 5 o o SAN PEDRO 7 3 4 -4 221 

1 3 - PAYS ONCY! 

F 
R 
E 
E 
T 
H 
’77 LICENSE 
PLATES 

o 
T E X A S 
° 
D R EYER 

_ 
T O Y O T A 

3-door deluxe, oir, 4-tpeed, radio. 
’ 7 3 C O R O L L A 
2 door coim*, air, radio, 4 -.geed . 
'72 C O N O l l a 
2 doe, 4-ipeed, radio* 
'72 VMM 
, a g e 
4-iaeed rodto............................................................ 
o 7 2 

’ 7 3 C H IV Y 
K r n r 
Novo 
6 cylinder standard, radio, o ir... I JTX 
’ 7 6 r o t o ' I-ton pi* k-up, owtr ittariflf, auto- SAO AC mo*®*, oh, radio, camper covtr, low milos , . . . . * t o 7 3 
* 7 5 C O R O L L A s o o q c 
2-door, 4 tp d , ro o t •(a n o m y . , . . ........... .. , , , , A u f J 
’ 7 3 
M A A K l l 
$ | jlqc 
4-door, automatic. a it. rodto.....................................only I o 7 2 

'7 4 D A T S U N iA J O U 
26o2, S-cpd ., SU lh deduced to only ........... .. *8/ 7 J 

'7 4 T O Y O T A Pickup, outometlc, radio, longbed. I J ^ g ^ 

’ 7 5 M O N T I C A R L O Automatic, air. po war window* st oaring and brab**, ftpd control, 
SQQ Q C vin yl top 
................................................................ v Y Y 3 
’ 7 3 C O R O L L A 
, n Q r 
WaooD, a u to m a tii, radio, alco . . . . . . . . . only 
I d 7 J 
* 7 3 T O Y O T A M K l l l l a d c 
Sodon, oufomotit, oir, radio. . . . . . . . . . . only 
■ ^ 

 f l H t l Y I K 
X t l l l H /M tT T T T T T T l 
3834 Fredericksburg Rd. 
736-4471 

A USED CARS 
SPECIAL: 
1975 VW RABBIT . . *2688 
*76 VW BUS 7-pgiwnfk, git, 4*4-IM radio, 
$ 5 3 9 5 
Ti TOYOTA Celuo GT, git, AM IM....................... $ 3 5 9 5 
'7 6 CHIVY Pick-up, C-1o, Igedgd, aute., camper shell $ 5 3 9 5 
7 4 VW M m , ^ 
........... 
$ 3 3 9 5 
'75 VW lunet Bug, “Spa. fdttign , sunroof, Mug m«t$299S 
$ 5 3 9 5 
$ 4 1 9 5 
$ 3 1 8 8 
$ 3 5 9 5 
$ 3 3 9 5 
$ 3 8 9 5 

 t ? 7 8 8 
. $ 1 8 8 8 
$ 1 8 7 o 

'75 V w (om|>*r Pap-top, extra titan 
’76 VW Convertible, Kite ne e. 
......... ......... 
'7 5 RABBIT 25,ooo imIos. att, AM-IM............... 
’ 75 VW DASHIR lim ite d M ilto n , fiver, air, 
'7 5 TOYOTA Pickup, long bad 
’ 74 VW VAN JA,OOO toilet . 
•74 SUPER BEETLE............... 
•73 SUBARU dean .............. 
’71 VW VAN 9 passenger 
. 
’7 o AUDI 4-door sedan ........ 
'6 9 TOYOTA Automatic........................................ $ 9 9 $ 
’68 VW BUG Automatic........................................ $ 895 ll yow don't see we r >. naxfit before yow hwy... 
Vow Could Pay Too Mock 
NORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
SUBARU —- BMW 
4 6 3 3 fre d e ric k » t» o rg R o a d • 7 3 3 - 7 1 3 1 
Acres. Froms W onderland git Frederick .burg Rd. 

I M B s " 

55 (n a v y 
281 f it ” , B le c k b uck als. c h * urn# re v e rs e oh g ro u n d 
I ) sod tu fiy s y n c h fe m te d . 4 /4 *2+4 iii 4/J | / o I o fte r * 
__________ 

 t t C U I T O M C H E V Y p ie i v y 
L u rye lf* eng f h a v e n , re a r end t sad d ia m o n d lu c k in t e r io r . 
C h e rry k t l t 
B elt o r tro d e to r n u n * , k p e rts ie r 
A le x t i l 8188. un I tim e 

 em m e k l 4k4 is a ny i a d u lt . u tility A l a i k i l l o fte r 
M e n w a s . w e ekends 
- " , I r e t ss . N il C l vs 5 

TBI AWT1QUES COLLECTORS 

FOR C O L L E C I U H k l 
47 E L D O R A D O Whtie, re d in te r m r good co n d itio n 12*95 494 1488 m T T T F A Y c T t t sToo iT T j k lu d e b o k e r C m d $8$S 4)4-1549 
A n y tim e o fte i tP M 

1931 M O DEL A FORD 
5 w in d o w c o u p e , ru m b le s e a t, p e rfe c t to n d ifio n 8o p o in t* e c o r 
585oo 128 o 84 , ask tor Jim 
196* b l D IM O U I £ f b R O k A f if t l i m 
___________________ 
684 7872 
R k tfo r u k le St i-d s e l p lu s I d s e l p o rts 1 149 217$ M a ke o tte r 
■ t i l R o lls R o v e . S ilv e r C lo u d 
CMI 418 24o9 
______________ 

S fpcfiT 4J Che y r e t. I Im p a la f f , 
498 co in 
MB H P Toe m a n y e x ­ tra s to lis t! A fte r la m . 67) o482 
1*55 T I I R 6 i i set C A LL U U 
MARCO S I 292 4845 
68 T I t r d « iig in a i 1) 888 
44 
T B ird , E x c e lle n t $1888 4)2 D I L 
M f 4544________ 

W A N T E D 
H e n r y J p u rts C oli 658 4)41 
W A N T f TT T lT u -X il , Ord C urs Oil 
P o rH C oil 457 9884 
________ 

 r n r n f o i l m i s f n n s c M s 
— n m viuii st------ 
P AU K T E N VOL V O IN SCOUT t i) B A K ONE k NO 7)1 l i t ) 

A I F 6 i S E U i 6 k i s o l 6 " ! 1 1 a * 
P R IC E k (W ITH T R A D E I N ) AC 
C C P T tO 
C ALL 
WOOOT 
4JJ 1448 
166 I A ir v« ------------ 
1481 N r LOOP t i t 
828 IM I 
IU MOI 

 i m r T 
H 
L i . g ,, u 
, 
P f!f . betow fc+ak Whole soke tot a u ic i 

How to live happily with your leased car for the next two or three years... 
Include Red Mac s Maintenance Lease Program 

For a fixed fee, your new 
Ford autom obile is covered anyw here in the U.S. fo r inspections and em ergency repairs. 
C om plete scheduled m aintenance, oil changes, tune-ups and norm al repairs, beyond those listed in the standard w arranty, are covered for 4o,ooo m iles on a 36-m onth lease or 
24,ooo m iles on a 24- m onth lease. 

The M aintenance Lease 

Program can be added to your Red M ac lease for only $11 98 per m onth. 
T hat's a bargain for peace-of-.mind, sm oother ru nnin g and better m ileage. 

Tires, state inspections and a few other item s are not covered. For com plete details, get a copy of FALS 
M A IN T E N A N C E 
LEASE PR O G R AM at 
Red M ac Leases and 

 live happily w ith your car for the next tw o or three years. 

1o25 San P e d ro 

San A n to n io , T e xa s 78212 

2 2 2 -8 6 1 1 

LOW DOWN SALE 
18 8 

NEW ’7 7 PINTO 

$ 
o 
4 
4 
5 
* 

OO 
DOW N 

CASH or TRADE 

NEW ’7 7 GRANADA r.dr. 
*9 9 ” * 

*9 9 .9 2 for 48 months on approved credit w ith $ 1 8 8 cash or trade down. Cash sale price $ 3 9 9 4 . Annual percentage rate 
1 1 .8 3 , deferred price $ 4 9 8 4 .1 6 . 
State Tax, license excluded. Stock * 4 1 6 1 . 

L O W P A Y M E N T S — 
ALL M O D E L S — O V E R 4 o o N E W F O R D S 

PINTOS • MAVERICKS • MUSTANGS • GRANADAS • LTD • TRUCKS 

*8 2 .4 5 for 4 8 months on approved credit w ith $ 1 8 8 cash or trade down. Cash sale price $ 3 3 2 9 . Annual percentage rate 
1 1 .8 3 , deferred price $ 4 1 4 5 .6 o . 
State tax, license excluded. Stock # 4 2 4 4 . 

2311 Broadway - 227-1415 

71 
CUTLASS 
Supreme 2 dr . . . . . . . .......‘ 1795 

72 

PONTIAC 
Cavatina 4 d r................... ..... ‘ 1o9o 
71 
PLYMOUTH 
Oui ref 2 d r....................... .......‘ 1o8o 
7o 
FALCON 4 d r................ .......‘ 1o95 
75 
LTO 
Country 
S quire................................ .......‘3995 
73 
CUTLASS I d r............... ..... ‘2795 
75 
TMUNOiPgilD 
2 d r.................................... .......‘5595 
75 
TMUNOtRbltO 
J d r . .. .............................. .......‘ 5595 
75 
GRANO PRIX 
‘4 5 9 5 
72 
IMPALA 4 d r- 
‘ 1o9o 
7o 
IMPALA 2 d r.................... .......‘ 1o95 
68 
MUSTANG 2 d r................... 
................. .....‘ 1295 
68 
OLDS SS. 4 d r............ 
..... ‘ 6 9 o 
76 
PINTO 
Stull,an 
Runabout VE................... ..... ‘329 5 
75 
M A V fR K K 4- 
DS................... ..... ‘2995 
75 
GRANADA 
J d r..................................... .... ‘ 3495 
'74 
TORO 
C ullom 
SOO. 4 b r;. . . . . . . . . . ..... ‘ 1995 

2755 S .W . Military Drivt - 923-4541 
’7o ESJT.V"...............* 675 
’73 E S S T.-*"-...........‘ I 795 
’73 r& d K rV *............ *2595 
’76 S 3 U “"................. ‘49 9 5 
’73 
‘2495 
’73 ESE"*'o................ ‘3295 
’73 fr .-* !." ................‘2195 
’73 MUSTANG ......................................... ‘2295 
2o14 Goliad Road - 333-672o 
’76 r c ^ OK*-4*-........'4 9 9 5 
‘3595 
*2195 
‘2795 
*5295 
‘ 1295 
‘ 1395 
‘ 1295 
‘2695 

 ty K to g o ITO 4 dr.. 
* 3 air, y o w ,* . . . . . . . . . 
’ 7 * 1 KAAN TOO INO 4 d r . 
“ *8 air, pan mr. 
................. 
1 7 - I MON TI vrO MX J dr,, 
/ w air. power. 
............... i r e 
GRANO 
M IX , 
/ J loaded................................. 
* * » I 
GR IM I IN J dr., A 
I I it anda rd a i , .............. 

’ 7 o **u4TANO v *> r 5 , autom atic. air 
7 o 8 ° LTO 4 dr., 
O X air. paw ar. ........... .... 
I X A I ORD O ulu** pickup. 
**U raxtorad". Vi77.T. 

*3591 
‘ 1366 
‘4621 
‘4 2 5 o 
*4262 
‘ 1264 

1722 Austin Highway - 826-3287 
’74 
‘3216 
’72 « + 
T-H" * ......................* 1 86o 
I 7 
( TORO LTD I dr. 
/ a hard top 
................ .. 
’72 GR IM I IN J d r.................. 
*76 I ORD lu te , loaded . . . t a r 
TORO Ranter 
XLI 
/ J pickup.............................. l e e CUTLASS Supreme f 9 w a g o n ..................... .. 
’72 IMF ALA 4 d r.................... 
’73 M tR C uav C apri..................................* 1687 
TRUCK A JH P DIPT. 
2411 Broadway 227-1419 
’74 
*" 
‘ 
*128 5 
I V X MtntlUnOMtt teak I U L I + , 4 i d 
C O f 
7 o cyl. 4 lewd re**, •» 
4 3 o 7 
* 7 K KMB UM. I $8~ x4i«»lk* , c y r c l 4*1 
1 X 4 + 4 $ 
/ J ca i 14 It key. I w hom *. p*a*t 
o 4 7 9 

* 7 o KMDr 
‘ *■“ “ 
" • • * * 
* 1 
9 
8 
2 

* 7 3 Z 
L 
X 
Z 
4 * 
‘ 
‘ 4 
2 
9 
o 

* 7 4 Z L . 
^ 
‘ 
4 
‘ 2 
5 
3 
9 

F T A V* 
IWB ta n * W a *. p **p . c m 
_ 
/ a I *w**aeiic, •« pmmtmr 
............ 
Ok # ) O 

“ TOU CAN A ff ORD A FORD FROM GILLESPIE” 
JJ 
■ 
GILLESPIE® 

33oo Broadway • 237-1411 
2311 Broadway • 227-141 5 
2411 Broadway • 2 27-1419 
2755 S.W. Military a 923-4541 
2o14 Goliad Road • 33 3-672o 
1722 Audtin Hwy. a 826-3287 

7o4 MIDI 
7o8 CORVETTE 
7o8 CORVETTE 

 w i m v n iw i T T g « e T k e n ty y l 
A ir 
A M T M 
Y g ltg a 
M W , RN RN* rf B N .fi $4 

77) A u d i Fox" 
L o a d e d ',' new ra d ia l), b lo ke s m a ig r tuneuo kl*SO 424 B$47 
I tee t i) * t i A U D I I N IS A ir sunrooT ,1 
AM FM Stereo B it 1774. *2(1-o7 IS 
~s" A H 6 n M L i' I u 'to. ace. 4 door 
C lean $46*5 474 827$ F $ week dank, 644 Btu I, an 6pm Wknds 
'■ ■ 'A u-U ~ U ~ is T tT auto ~7mSr» 
AM FM >2688 4f4 21S8 a tt S 
‘I t Audi IOO I S 
4 dr"r»unro<JT!! aute . oir, M ith a lm ra d ia l). AM 
FM Ctodh' $ )tl$ I 772 )4U* atter 
I M ; all day weekend) h A lib i f U l l , I o (lo ry oir auto 
New A re ), Fm radio . E xce lle n t 
C o n d » 2 6 M O o u f# 2 + o B $ i^ ^ ^ ^ 

7o$ AUSTIN f l' AUET fk work ta r. 6/S-B76U e re )__________ 

 m m 
_________________I 
^TY8BTTNIl™T7T5aerTd3yT 
M i H o i. 4*k *124 
767 CAFRI 

 lei re EX I RS 4*o I l l ) 

 t t / ur-;1. i i < 5 h io " w i H t u 
4 ip d air. AM FM l-tig c k kun tool il k /BOM 
6*4 24*7 after * 

T T T W A n T " V T H S T W 
Z i i i i " gewer tleer,ng AM FM cu))Ctfe 
Like new $4*** D ay) 
) N lk ) l, after $ 4*4 )l*2 r m - f W r i m w 
'te iw ,"V A o u i; air e rg )) wire moo wheel) AM 
FM rathe M u tl veer lite e. k il l * 
AH $, IU y e ll 
ST r n n w w r l i m - ll,,iv I 
I taal iqm httqn >44 )IW __________ 
T n S j j l Ite e d v tn g in e war ii k l* ) Aguilar 
J I/ AM I Ut t i ) 24*4 w r t H m s x T " 
• xvedottf ad) va»w Cum l i t be tor a I poi or weekend) r r n r r r w r i m f i T r T 

1 9 7 6 CORVETTE 

4 4oC actual nates Stere* Cgrgette aluminum wheel) Fewer vteennf, power bake), tottery ae id IM tieraa ladia Liabl bulk.km 11 Bdl leather intoner SIMI IN I LU O ff dAMANIf 
O n e o w n e r , 
FULLY LOADEDf t 
* 8 #9 9 9 . 

BILL GARDNER 

CHEVROLET INC. 

 m m c o m a AiK+ la m EM M U , Car pa* (b r Nil, m t m la btt+w n lex#) M M U S 
4o8 W. MAIN 
ALICiy TEXAS 

7o8 CORVETTE 

7968 CORVETTE 

CONVERTIBLE 

It AKOIUTUT IMM AI ULA I f lf 

* AUIOMAIK TRANSMISSION 

* FO W H SHUNG 

* ROWH MARIS AM JM 

* AM (OMOITIONf o 

CAU: aYDf ROWE 
222-2774 

* 71 COHVETTE Cu*lom lo m p le few rebuilt, pam led 4*4 /BO). 
T r r a iV R I F R e x c e ll.n l condi 
•ton, law m ileage, co ll to t *64B eel I I I after id M call )4* J i l l rf £6RVt FTI.' L II e n g in e ,"! 
) peed, tow m ile), excellent cgttdi non Loaded wifn e xtra ) 4$$ /Bkt 
‘f t SorveHe Loaded i*4 M Call t i t OW) 

Y T f 
. # R # t T r SM CW " , H ik e . 
T Top $4ooo )$$ 2)o4 
T O y t H . 
13.666 m i . luaded 
My owner 
124 B iti, eye) 
6*1 1221 
YTfswmnrik,. rim n- cellenl rand 
24* I ISS E ye) 
R 
I 

^ ^ k f T u r T ^ T ^ r o n T ^ r T c dam aged Engine tra n )in i)v io ri in excellent, new hardtop )/$o ar b#)l offer M I 2)44 
" t i'B A t i U N Good body, good 

222*UVit * ‘ P* * d 
S o t r , , lt * MS® 

 batoun lo ft model B 61o 4 doljr 
Sedan V inyl root +$peed Iro n ) rn It KOI I u t 447* Ofter 4 p m 

>4 6 a T $ U N A l f I S B C 4 )p e e 7 an lu c i.tic e $1/* ) >4*1)43 

OOOO r id e s , CLEAN 43$ 1641 
Wobon IxceTiira ro n d , be t i otter 6SS-I7J7 
Air, Au tux tend VMM 4o+47Bl el 
BSI 1o67 
D a ts u n >4o2 auiuV,7o7h "‘v t r ig * "??****; 
«'b«R Cdr 
$2*N Ha) *77 licenM ) )) le t* 

^ a t T O n " i i i i , a i ----------- mi lika now 22) JI %> 

I'V ! ia r v a iie T la p o u T a ,'a ir krahtet inlener $4 4*$ I2BB2I2 
’TTTsr;;ti; ' WKHang: r til t XI rlte n l lu n a ))/U b It! jyu) 

 r n m iso * 
",1 'RUfllUWMBW 
A u to m a t it ii an e m it wan 
SAM 
) ) ) B iti 
TT T T a T tu n C f i 4 kuT r'kt, in i 

I • eat•.) I M I M W ) 

 l l Caf y e ll. 
A lf. IN . le ath er auto new antal t/M k k * c T T * r **H y ’ f » * v # r I EL S~*TTtA " 
Com ♦ • * ) $ ) ) 

AB CW veto* Center IrtNe Moor tog h r .) brake* et* kahd cat heed* terne w iener maid $pet etter ton e x -lid t in t i l H it 

 en her M a tt tab D I N 4/4 B tl* 

--------------------- W 
T T O H------------ 111 ’ I 
I4 T W 1 N AUTO C E N T I* 
IBM FAT d O O b EM 
UNIVERSAL CITY AN 42/1 
K IT T O E T r r r r T i j S F 

 uute u tfH B IIB ^ to 

/4 Oofkwn 2*8/ J + J M — „ i i 
/ 
1 added e xce lle n t can 
J * ? B t* d lll W ill consider a tli 
P m 
<* » 1 ' 
A tl-I/O ) utte r 

I t 6 a l)u n IIC 2 ) 4 ! tilte r a1 
MC2M2L" * " 
* * ” » 
7rinrmwTsrrT%n -z am im , lew m ,i« u g» p c ,|g c l ct 
o*Md buy and myeslmer 
I4 *N l i t VMI. 4** * JOA ngT"gfW» 'irBTT'tUN I 
Sedan b ig a , ly g ry in tg riu r speed air 
Whotettr * n )y $ n 
Au tim Hwy 
T F /t U o ! E x c e lle n i Cendrtii 
M A N IM IM ) 
™ nT$rrrm rm nnr 
I__________ 
P N W 
I ti M I 
I,.I III H IU STRT 
MFG N i l after AIS t u t 
Tf'FTg'l 111 'T h y * * o o o i" n ,u IT m 
IM N 4*4 14*4 r n 4144 D I IM ii) /Bit aff 9TFIIT IU N C T r s n c — t i Asg i d i n * 

 a t 

2 2 5 -1 6 6 6 
J i 
J 
I I M * ? 
■ 
QUICK 
RE 

HON COMMERCIAL) 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
. 
RATE CHANGE 

LINES 

DAYS 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 13 197 7______ 

I AUTOMOBILES 
7 * 743 • AUTOMOBILES 
I 
7 *7 4 3 N I N N I E S 
~ 73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

H E R E 'S H O W C A L V I N 
C A R E S . . , 
V alen tin e Special! 
FREE BOX OF CANDY THIS 
WEEK ONLY (MON.-SAT.) WHEN 
YOU TAKE A DEMO RIDE IN 
ANY MAIN LINCOLN MERCURY 
NEW OR USED CAR! 

SO BRING YOUR SWEETHEART 
IN AND SEE WHY CALVIN CARES! 

J C 
M 
W 
M 
SB 
MOST OF OUR QUALITY 
USED CARS QUALIFY FOR 
MISSION CHEVROLET’S 
*5,ooo "-SB" 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

I T h - P o lity 
That tats You Sign Away M«>t Of i i Th» Coat Of Major Mechanical Repair* For 13 ] 
Montes Or 19,ooo Mltas. Whichever Cames 
FhrsH 
J 
Sr MOTOR S (NSURANCI CORPORATION * 

74 CHEVY 
. oc 

74 CHEVROLET Z Z , 

75 OLDSMOBILE £ 

74 OLDSMOBILE 98 

73 DODGE 

*4995 

 fu"n4695 

*3995 
T* ‘3895 
*4 8 months at $158.52 per month with down payment of $7oo cash or trade with approved credit. A nnual percent 
<gogA ta g s ra te 1 1 .8 3 . C ash price 
$ 6 3 95 . Deferred pa ym e n t 
* |pC ^ p ric e $ 8 3 o 8 .9 6 . Stock 

S P T * 
#37151. 

*4295 
*3695 

‘3495 

*2895 
Vow, 
S c y H n d e r eiond«r«l 

 w, y e llo w b ro w n b ro w n 
In fo r! or 

*e, 
6 9 , 9 6 o m lloe, 

2-DOOR HARDTOP 

*48 month! at $144.57 per month with down payment of $7oo cash or trade with a p p r o v e d 
,, 
( r o d 11 . An - nual porcen- jttjOoFFO t n g e r a t e 
JI 83 
C a th l 
T T price $ 5 8 9 5 
------ 
D e f e r r e d payment price $7639 36. Stock #57o3o 

*2195 

 c«frl. b lue 
A o r* in to rto r. 
4. 

73 CHEVY S d 

74 CHEVROLET 
*1495 

2-DOOR COUPE 

48 m onth! at $9 2 .5 9 per 
I m onth w ith dow n p a y . 
I m oot of $ 7 o o cath or 
I trade w ith approved 
* if —Ti credit 
Annual per- 
• 

 c e n t a g e r a t e 
J I 8 3 
C a sh price S3995 
De 
■U ta rre d p aym en t p rice $ 5 ) 4 4 32 
Stock #87o31 

’L ira vin yl la y . 

N l k i T l l f 
Berm # v id e . t t a a r 
(ro o m . ta n 
■ m v . „ u ,y | In a *,tor, a th e m a tic 
Ola, oil p o w e r, 
Anvoa our v e ry w e ll. 
THU it no m liy rin l. . SO U IA I ......................................................... 

 f f l Y f l T A 
C row n, 
4 do o r. b lin k . 
4 -ip o o d 
I v l V I N com ole ihita. o lr, A A I/**» . m ony ooaroo, re Wo) Hroa. | . < # M o r a n g in a , Hits cor d riv e * a c c o le n t, t o n y .......................................... 

T O Y O T A 
Coronel 
I M M 
W o p o n , y e llo w . dork into H or. a n te m e tic , fa c to r y air. 3 * OOO m i l e * ............................................................ 

OLDSMOBILE 88 v in y l 
In to rto r, au t o m a te , V . | , a lt, p o w e r s te e r in g , p o w e r 
S r ok i i lo ok i e n d d r iv e l g r e e t , w e ll w o r th 

*3695 

*22 9 5 

76 TOYOTA CHICA 
T o w n 
C o u p e 
2 2 , o o o m i l e s , brown, saddle inte­ rior, lifco now. stock 
72 IMPALA automatic hon*! 
Ina, M W R * brab a t. a ir cam 
» o » w « ll» .................................... 

7 1 c a p r i c ! mU*«on, RRWRf iffRrbm, • dtttorunf rorfjp wwHg MMMM 
71 VW BEETLE 
’69 FORD LTD COUPE £ 
>4995 
M 
I S 
S 
I O 
N tilv o r, a u to m a tic transm ission, air, stock #846 
C H E V R O L E T 

I 2 o o S .E . M i l i t a i 
68 CHEVY 

63 CHEVY 

65 MG 
ANCIRA W INTON 
CHEVROLET 

 is pleated to annouix* tho addition al 
Lloyd D Diagoe to oui iota Ion# Mi 
Oioiiim it angnaHy ti am Fiona, ll knots and tom* ta Son Antoine in 
194/ os on officer tandtdat# 
Hr attrndad th# 
University af 
Maiylond and is a membei of Anchor 
I odd# and th# Aliofar Shun# 
Lloyd ontoiod th* autonicitibil* busman in January al It/I, otthooyh it has b##n o grmctpi# hobby with him unci his t##n years 
H# invites 
Isis fn#nds and past business assoc lot#t lo ion at visit him at Anura Winton (hoviolit 

SBR VICE, WHAT 
IT'S ALL ABOUT 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES e -w - 
NEW 4 
CYLINDER ENGINE 
7 7 g r e m l in 
■ • A 
, 

7 5 o N . I . L O O P 4 1 o A T B R O A D W A Y 
824-Q4.1 J 
ANCIRA WINTON CHEVROLET 
N. FLORES AT MARTIN 
225-533 

SPECIAL CLEARANCE SALE 
INTERMEDIATE CARS FOR SALE 
FORD G R ANAD A’S 
CHEVY NOVAS 
OOOO OAS MUJ AGC - A CY LIND* R INO INIS 

A ll 
W ITH 
R O W fR 
S T U B IN G ond 
A l* 
C O N 
D IT IO N IN G 
4 D O O R 
AU TO S. 
M UST 
S t! 
TO 

SCHEVE' 
SSE DON HAM) FLOTT MAN AOI R 
BUDGET RENT A CAR 

ALAMPI SPORTS 
A u th o r ll o d S o le * a n d V e r n e # 
Triumph Alta Horn aa 
I I H 8ROADW AY 8 1 8 IH I 

T T -G iW t r . l a n v ^ t i k W ' I . e o H e h t c o n d i t i o n 
AM DM t a g # dock 
• 1.888 miles t i SM ti tm SI] 4*o1 

T T T U H F M l l f o s l b u c k 
6 t i 
Mark III, mc# Isl SUSS 1*4 M /l i 
IM M N 
T rT O T U U P U BT 4. M k ill e .iro clean, pncad ta sell SIMS 6S% 
Financing avoilublr 7)4 441o 
•74 T riu m p h S p itfire . e lo rfric evgrdrivg, AM I M cgssetto. aa r e tte n t 
W W W 
H I / H * O I H 
‘Ti Triu m p h Slog o lr, p aw er, stundard. A M PM storoo tap *. 
*5,9o8 Item 424 14IS 

New AMC 2 Liter 4 
Cylinder Engine 

Fresh New Styling 

■ N ew Larger Rear Lift 
W indow 
■ New Buyer Protection 
Plan" ll 

IM I VW But, wtth air 
LIKE NEW lit # * t i l SSM 
H V W b A t h M , aulu 
• 
Att, uh# new H S M i l l t i l l 
REDUCED 
OVER $1,ooo 
M f M ine Overhaul V R 
M f TR TtM A$TBR . 114/41/ 

VR ENGINES SI79.56 
RE B U ILT A G U AR A N TEE D 
INSTALLED 
* MONTHS or «.Mo M ILES 
LAROE STOCK USED PARTS 
A M ER IC AN RAO CENTER 
M M M 
I T W. I . c lie n t cond . Firs! 
SI TOO M M M / i i i fastback, i i o rc rllin i cond 
SZM CaM SSS-SSM 
49 VW 'Pashtack Nos* Hr#*" *464 ar best attar 4*7 I t l l 
11| pgopigck 4— < conditten 
SSM rn un att lpm 
7 T V W ■ K i* i l U - y - ^ a o wkeo'fs. and tire* S1/9S M I 81 St 
W W 
W 
H H r f e T u l l i H en gin# need* transmission P M ar make otter SSI TT4* t i Vdi taw miloogo, dean. Am 
Pm SMS I 4sa oi is 
------- 'll W no.ds wark------- 
Ask tar David 4/14*1) t l i i l t t 
VI# new' r'tufcF#. brakes, paint uphalslery. rodiu baHery Good lr un VUU! lotion SZM Arm 111-6114 
\ J W V b k l t M AI rn"; si "rn inf. older model, suntool. VW with 
Parse hr IS* engine, brakcs-steer mg Recently replaced Irons Oat*, generator battery, tires, brab** muster cylinder 
SI4M 418-181* nit** 
H W 
IA H IT~Tg.7~.ww~»4sb 
SM U t* Ray. *48 I48S eves ll Wk inner eT>ucT~*VWl"m i' 
Need to sell 48* ISM aft 4 
HW luuUrebocTl~ t '« relit tit cand att, new h r** Eng under w a rra n t* 
New Ir a n * , sta rte r, battery SI *99 D ay* 
1)1 48*9. 
Otter 4 HS )/■ ) 
IT V * Vial lonwagan new tiros, now a a ta tra n s m is s io n , now brabos, radio, a ir cand SI 188 

B A S E P R IC E w 
Jk 

Also sta n d a rd, 6 -c ylin d e r, M o d e l 465 
! 
‘ flus Freight, Ta*, Tide & license l f ! A L K O M P A Y - A M C 
AMERICAN 
U U SANPEDRO 
1 3 7 -7 5 1 1 
I MOTORS 
1 7 1 5 S.l. MILITARY DR. 
9 2 4 -7 3 5 1 

1 
9 
7 
7 i f 
O 
IM PALA W 
COUPES & SEDANS 

Starting At 

't i TrttNttpit TRF, air. stere#, TSSi mi *59-4)19 oft 4 M ll T H U M P S T T Y 4 *,W mi . H ortgtnat. e itra clean 419S9 Kerr 
Ville. I I S I I M I 
Y r 
T I ip i Wl r 'e"**TI " H I ml 
Damaged trunk 
U t # 4 9 4 lits 

'TS MGB Convertible Removable custom hard tup luggage rgrh 
White, black racing stripe* sates firm 957 194a 
H 'M d d 6 T 4 cyl , aul# Trice reduced) IM l i l t lu m r B trm n rw A w h 
41.se# mi . I awner le g work roawirod Clean bedy. interior 
Beak value SM M . akking lu g e 
H e 7)44, see 
184 Brittany la k e r u italian waaon Only M .efi mites iBceNent condition 
I JST 44)9 

L6bb used vw i 
CALL BILL 9/4 44)9 
•78 MG midget, gumg overseas. 
9999 mites eacelient */♦ els* 
Ti t i t M l b d lT ra d ia l Hr e l. wire wheels, good cand , 11)99 att i m Mf zen 
— i r a g m B B t r . w k 
-— 
Eatro sharp- 5146S 1498191 

You're going to be amazed when you get behind th© wheel of the new 1977 Impala Although shorter than last year's model, there s more room, more driver comfort and luxury beyond belief. 
And now, for the first time this year, Impala it on sale. 
We have several cars equipped the same . . . priced at $5 269. List price on these car* is $6 27 7.8 o . So you can see these con are reduced over $1,ooo. All have V8 engine, Hydramatic transmission, power steering cmd brakes, air conditioning, tinted glass, carpeting with floor mats, windshield antenna, 
*.L l i f t Ic* redial white stripe tires, ap wTW? IIV V I^ pearance group plus more. Come 

 r h o a n 
P f 
J 
L 
V 
^ oui t o d a y ! 

CALL PAT 
1)111)1 I st b arm en Ghiu 
6bod canli 
SIS# *81 IM I att 4, wk end! 
- n C T T B T M P varies w a d t h l l ) 11)1 
442] fred erick SOU re Rd 
TS k A iB IT ustam a it. am Im taw nu t u ts 11181s) 

 t i' t o f i i l e r n 'f i d .u .i t .» ame slaraa SS89 1)141)1 
— r r i u p i i l f F T I if t n t — 
SHARP CLEAN 
CALL 
M ARIO 
) ) ) 8411 l l M M T 6©©Hb. I W M R t f LORE haw CB 11)58 *14 W it after 4 
'T r ip p ; i # # i i 4 v w Air' * u n 
Aller 5 pm >18-4)11 
I Tpk* ever peympRt* pa 'TTXPW j 
Ne eautty Call 
114 8911 #sk tat 
Frad- gtler /. 911/151 
T a i# aver guy m a ilt pa '74 9 W iu d 
Mo vaulty CMI 1181*84 asb tar Dennis 
Alter I al atte eau 
4584111 nu r ’VOlKjW rgKH' 666B 
CONDITION Slut cwt *4* 1695 
| 'its Vuibsweden bus Rebuilt aa gn>« Guarurtteed >19 419)______ 

~ VO H S! AGIN 
Parts Service Cars ess t m 
~WW 
I a a T TT ~ u U law rn! 
I awner 459 1)9* i i v at W B L e a * and runs .a e ? 
MBB 959-9998 

TeHow, Hack teethe’ Stere# 
31 OOO m Mea Huh#tm tab eh $1o,18o 
- 
|--------. m norm louie# un 

8 2 8 - 1 1 4 3 
MISSION c h e vro le t! 
12ooS.E.MilitaryDr. 
9242311 'S 'Z Z Z 

 l l M arred#* l i n t * M t i t 
48,888 mUes every tor tar » eatren 
17158 I M 1925 

" " W M M f c DT T M B f H I 
MUST SELL 
M M M ) 
T r u i r c ii a s l i l t ! , aute paw .'/ imrnec SIM# l l ) H S I 
W f g B i i m it -------- 
EXCEL LENT 
CONDITION 
491 9999 

ResterafMe 
(lu s sti) 
*1999 
M f M14 
• n 
SffT O B H T IT V HU Bdl 
— 
M ERCEDES B E N I Sates Service 
I IB N SAN PEDRO 
1181)41 flWUl f 'l ll Vier t*d «> "HTB* map## ret taw am8m, M e new 
45811/9 
W i l l f e y ' few m H ad P rT S em* Aute air **♦»* 9)4 559) 

14 M eld s 4 cyT. Se mpg J 6a«d egad , new tires 51195 IM M U 
’TY Uaida Kff-1 G8pd' caaJiiMMr tuts 4/5-8M /, 4/88848 

 l l Hattdu"Mult »<b ,i I 
4 tpced git, sit58 *61 l>1> eve* 

 rapper X II l l t f lf . unm et atole 
I m e r u it i m i m 
* * * i * * i a r mmm 
J 
TWT ff B U lV T irfg M ilB g ■ sever pray tad laeMMtr ertdrser, t o .anent (andrite” 14.888 M n 
♦ lU B E t-H H p l _______________ ! 
TT J I B U k T TtK r F ip R i" g ao l m i r H B M M it 

 very (lean 5 1 *6 1 *89 M il w a v ie r i i i Bl fr'iiBbiRpfy • tow m u** telly gguig g id White 
* © f , t a d m l 
B e ta w b e a k * 5 8 9 8 hr rn 19114 brdwar 
TTWLVS ^w'c^dBa. air 
Com tm t I SM M86 
* ^ 
5 
. a s !l**e T b ^ T iH s T 
Lab 
8 * 8 8 1 8 9 

19/4 HAT 1?4 i m ] rn 

Poge 22-C 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 13 1977 

73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 
, 
’ 73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 - AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
738743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 

| T 
» 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 
HAS A SWEETHEART 
OF A DEAL FOR YOU 
ON A NEW FORD. 

 r 
— 
------------- 

1977 LTD 4 DOOR 

Sbdan, 
VS, 
Automatic, 
Power 
Steering, 
Power Brakes, Air, White Side Wall Tires, 
Dual Accent Paint Strip, Remote Mirror. 

S 
T 
* . 

• SPECIAL LIMITED EDITION 

# 6 8 o 5 
’ 5116 
♦ ! 

SPECIAL LIMITED EDITION • 
1977 PINTO 2 DOOR 
STATION W A G O N 

23oo CC Engine, 4 Speed Factory Air, 
Tinted Glass, White Side Wall Tires, luggage Rack. 
^ 

Automatic, 6 Cylinder, Air, Wheel Covers, 
Tinted Glass, Power Steering, Power Brakes, 

White Side Wall Tires. # 6 7 5 4 
# 6 7 6 5 

1977 GRANADA 
. 
4 DOOR 

_ £ T 

*4782* 

• SPECIAL • 
1977 THUNDERBIRD 

Automatic, Power Steering, Power 
Brakes, White Side Wall Tires, 
Vinyl Top, Air, 

Interior Decor 
Group,Body 
Side Mouldings, 
Deluxe Bumper 
____ ______ 
%Zs 4. 
$5665 
1977 THUNDERBIRD 

1977 LTD ll BROUGHAM 4 DOOR 

Automatic, Power Stoaring, Power 

Brakes, White Side Wall Tiros 
Vinyl Top, Air, 
Interior Decor 

Group, Body 

Side Mouldings, 
Deluxe Bumper 

Grouo. 
# 6 7 1 1 . 

# 6 5 6 3 

— a r a 
*3768* 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

5665 
* 1 
I 

# 6 8 5 2 

Automatic, power Steering, Power Brakes, 
Steel Radial Tiros, Wide Body Side Moulding, 
Split Bench Seat Passenger Recliner, Factory 
Air, Vinyl Top, Tilt Wheel, Cruise Control, 
Tinted Glass. 
‘ 545o 
* i 

1977 THUNDERBIRD 
Automatic, power steering, power brokes, Whiteside wall tires, vinyl top, air, 
o 

 interior decor group, body side mouldings, 

 deluxe bumper group. 

# 6 7 3 3 
65 dc I 
ZkmrJ/MmmZ 

 t i m 
9 8o o SAN PEDRO 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
EXTENDED WARRANTY 
OPEN SUNDAY 
NOON- 7 P.M . 

341-5571 

E X C L U D E S F re ig h t, D e a le r P re p a n d T a r 
T itle o n d L n e n s e 

X S S GET A SLICE r l * 
OF THE 
S B SAVINGS. 

 ia iia llia iilllia iillilllB llilllig in iliilliip iia iilB fia iig lfiiip fE llE ip j 

We’re Celebrating 
LINCOLN S BIRTHDAY 
WITH SPECIAL 
DISCOUNTS! 

NEW 1977 MERCURY MONARCH 

★ 25o 6 cylinder 
★ Tinted glass 
★ Landau vinyl roof 

M O N A R C H F E A T U R E S IN C L U D E : 

* W hitew all radial tires 
★ 
Pow er steering 
★ A M -FM radio 

* Air conditioned 
♦ Pow er brakes 
★ 
# 8 912. 

List Price $5463 
$4 8 9 o 

 alf 
* A utom atic * P o w er steerin g * 
P o w er b rakes * A ir co nditioned if V in yl ro o f t V in yl bench seat 
★ W h ite w a ll ra d ia l tires ★ S tyle steel w heels * Bodyslde m o ld ­ ings ★ Tinted glass ★ B u m p er- g u ard Vt Left hand re m o te m irro r 
★ P ro tective m oldings. # 7 4 4 4 . 

NEW 1977 COUGAR 4-DOOR 

HIGH CLASS 
USED CARS 

’7 5 DODGE 
CORONET CUSTOM 
Brougham, 
. . . . . 
2VOO O miles 
3 
5 
9 
5 

*74 CADILLAC 
ELDORADO 
38.726 miles, c _ _ _ _ like new 
* 6 2 5 o 

*73 CHRYSLER 
TO W N * COUNTRY 

W ogon. high m ileage, m ust see ta r looks 
. _ _ 
_ ^ like new 
* 2 7 5 o 

*73 BRAZDA 

B X 3 o o o 
Station Wagon, air, radio, automatic, 38,6oo miles, a very 
, - o o - nile (Of- 
I 

*54 DODGE 
SEDAN 
One owner, 49,8oo . - - - 

 m iles, m ust see 
9 
5 
o 
BROUGHTON 
MOTORS 
213o AUSTIN HWY. 
655-o241 

‘ 3 5 9 o 
HORTH PARK 
L I N C O L N ' ME R C U R Y 

5 5 5 o 
NEW 1977 MERCURY COMET 
2 DOOR ★ 2 5 o 6 cylin der 
★ 
W h ite w a ll tires 
★ 
3 speed m an u al transm ission 
★ 
Tinted glass ft 
D elu xe w h e e l covers 
NEW 1977 MERCURY BOBCAT 

^ 
STATION W A G O N 

* 2 .3 Litre engine 
* 4 speed m an u al transm ission 
* Fold d o w n re a r seat 
* Tinted glass 
* Luggage rack 
* W h ite w a ll tires 
* Front disc b ra k es . # 9 3 8 9 . 

 r n 

92 o 7 SAN PEDRO 
341.8841 

>26 MISCELLAWLBBS XUTOS 

LASSO 
A GOOD DEAL 

*75 MONK (AUO. cruise stereo, looded . . . *3895 

7 5 PLYMOUTH Ouster. pourer, air, like new *2895 

‘ 73 (UK! LeSabre 4 dr immaculate . . . 
*2195 

*73 PLYMOUTH Baratudo taupe, loaded . . 
*2o95 

7 2 (OUGAI loaded . . *1995 
'73 1o1o SOO. 4 daw. eitro race . . . . . . * 1995 

'71 PLYMOUTH vamp 2 
A hardtop leaded *1595 
*74 (.ti Mi IN Standard. 
19 (IOO rn. mugs. 
*1 4 9 5 

7 2 NOYA 4 door on outomotK . . . *1495 

* Many many more Lacs choose 
(rom * Open Eves til TFM * 

3oo3 S.W. MILITARY 

922 27o3 
92ADLAL 

VOLVO 
/33 CADILLAC 

73o-743 
A U T O M O B IL E S 
73o-743 j U T O M O M 
A superior .,” 
1 
¥ 
PONTIAC 

^ R 
PRICES GOOD THRU MONDAY, FEB- jD4 CEJ 

PRICE J 

3 
| 7 4 p in t o s s r jir r ; 
’ i 6 5 o 1 

^ | ' 7 4 TO YO TA automatic or. beautiful economical car, stock no 5-594 
S O O C Q I 
JoZ&SL 
Was $2195 
■ a 
A 
. n r A O 
Coupe, 7-door, hordlop. medium green, green vinyl roof, green 
| 
^ ^ M 
74 OLDS 98 
Iwiury interior, oil power arr, njce cor slock no 11-1o16 was SOTQO 
I jM 
M 
$3495 .................................................................................... 
I 
^^M 
_ x t-7 snow white, white V vinyl roof, while bucker seats, steel JO*5 O O I 
^ 
■ 
7 
4 
C 
O 
U 
G 
A R w heek^ow er, air, sharp looking, stock no 3-313A wos $3965 
3 3 o o | 
.rn. , r I irs a r n I 
D L Station Wagon cinnamon brown metallic, ton, vinyl interior, a 
7 6 
S U d 
A K U outomotK. on, only 9 ooo miles this cor >s like blond new' $ o 4 o o ■ o d f l 
Greet economy. stock no 9-942. Wos $3995 
o 4 o o J 

. . . r i A e i T l A 
LeMont 2-door dark green, white vinyl interior, outomolic, $ I A C A I 
^ 
^ 
■ 
72 PONTIAC pawer stewing A on stack no 6-686 Wos $2595 
I O D U ■ m » i m 
I I I ■ rn 
Coupe, diamond blue metollic, white wheels, loaded, 
',/* 
74 GRANDVILLE power A oh beouldul coupe stock no 
1o-698 Wos 
5 ^ 2 9 5 I 

. . . . . 
Joaol 2-door burgundy metallic block, vinyl roof, block vinyl interior, 
W 
73 BUICK twin race mirrors mag wheeh, good looking, stock no 4 4 4 6 Wos * 2 1 5 o 1 

 n 
A k l T l i r 
Grand Sofoct Station Wagon burgundy metollic, with burgundy 
J 
7 3 
PO N M A L . 
Vinyl interior, 3 sealer, rift steering, AM, TM, os is. stock no, l l - $ a { J Q C ■ 
1o33 Was $2395 
.... 
................................................................ .......................... 
I O Y J ■ 

, - 
J. 
. 
. 
. 
. . . . zn 
Cotolomo ♦ door burgundy, burgundy vinyl interior, power l l 
/ 4 
P U 
N 
N A L . steormg, outomotK body side mouldings, on, power brokes, j a j q c 
B fonded fine fomily cor slork no 7-754. wos $7995 
* * T 7 J H 

/ - w e 
I s t s s i c 
4-door copper color with ton interior, automatic, power steer- S O C O C B 
74 
L c A n A N S j mg, OK. good family cor, stork no 5-536-A Wos $3795 
A 
J i ? 
H 

' T O 
O A h l T I A / * Catalina 4-door, harvest gold, light gold vinyl roof, beige lur- ag 
/ J r U l V I I A v ury interior, body side mouldings. outomotK, power steering 
S and brokes AM PM radio, loaded, a good looking family sedan slock no 11-746 
$ v Q Q C H 
Wos $2595 l O 
Y 
J B 
' I A 
C A M 
T I A 
Cdtolino 4-door, moue yellow white roof cream colored oil 
| g 
/ *♦ r U l T I I A L . 
Vinyf interior, power steering ond brokes outomolic. AM rodio. ( ' T ' l Q i l I 
* body side mouldings, perfect fomily col, stock no 3-3o9 Wos $2995 f c d Y J H 

' T O 
D /" M l I T I A Z " Grandville 4-door hardtop, dark silver gray light groy vinyl l l 
/ L r U l V 
I I A L . roof, ufver groy lusury interior, 6o-4o seats 6 woy power seot, 
H power door locks, power windows, hit steering, cruise control, outomolic, power J S / C C H j j l L steering air, loodecfheck of a nice cor, slork no 8 828 Wos $2395 
I P 
Y 
3 H 

' T O 
D Z M l I T I A T " 
Grandville 4-door hardtop, gold, gold vinyl roof beige lusury 
Swj 
/ i r U s a I l A v oil vinyl intenor. looded. power S air, stock no 9 882 
Wos 
5 ^ 4 ^ ^ H 

I -J J 
A D A M n A A A 
2-door, copper mefollK, beige vinyl root with ton vinyl 
© 
/A LyKAtvU Arn interior, Styled sleei wheels bucket seats console london. tn Q Q g l power A air, great looking cor. stock no 12-1o91 Wos $3495 
A Y O O B 

- mN 
W 
, 7 4 
« 
D 
. u n 
D D L Y Si,v* r SJ' ro l|y * wfsools, block Vs vinyl ro o f, black 
B 
/ A 
UKANI/ rl\IA in terio r, bucket te a t* , console, p o w er A o ir, com - t A r n n l 

 pletely lo a d e d --b o o u tifu l cor. # 9 4 7 1 F W as $ 4 3 9 $ N O W .................................... 3 3 o o M eye 
A D A A i n I _ AA A M IC 
2-door gunmetal gray, block kl landou vinyl 
WE 
7 5 
U K A 
N 
D 
L e M 
A 
N 
5 roof, block Vinyl bucket seats console and Hock 
W shift, outomotK, power steering, V-8, power broses A an. AM PM stereo muSK, t n r n r B vary sharp looking coupe, stock no. 4-5o3-A Was $4395 
« J j Y j R 

S Y A n i H A I / H C A T D A 
7 7 5 , 2-d o o r b o rd to p , desert gold, w h ite v in y l 
® 
/ A D U i L K t L t L I K 
A ro o f, gold in te rio r, a ll v in y l, com pletely looded, $ « # n r j R 
J J M pow er and a ir, booutiful lu x u ry caupo. # 1 o -9 9 * W e t $ 4 3 9 5 . N O W 
4 o O O ■ 
I SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
711 BROADWAY 
• 
92 o BROADWAY 

__________________ 227-5o41 
• 
O P E N E V E N I N G S ________________I 

MATA 
CADILLAC 

3 1 7 L E X IN G T O N 
226*7221 
12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PLAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
75, and 74 MODELS 
CADILLACS 
,77 COUPE OeVlllE $, e 7nn l l 5ooo rn. Blue 
117oo 
*7 # SEVILLE SEDAN sinrnA 
7O 2o,ooo mi Silver 1o5oo 
BROUGHAM 
/OdELEGANCE 
< « « a 
14.ooo rn. Brown I 135o 
,7 . BROUGHAM SEOAN JQOCA 
76 32,ooo ms White 
VV5o 
*7A 
OeYIUE 
SO COA 
JO 16,ooo rn. Green 
85Yo 
,7 , HOORAOO 
/O (ONVERIIBLE non CA 
13.ooo mi white 
1 3 V 5 o swe SEDAN De VILLI 
$OQOA 
/O 38 OOO nu White 
OOYU t7c (AUIS SEDAN 
/ O 23 OOO mi Beige 
Ol5o 
'76 non am ‘969o 
76 S K L , *1o85o 

C 
A 
V 
E 
N 
D 
E 
R 
’ S 
“ SPECIALS” 

' JC M C DC* I ID V Cougar XRT coupe, factory oir, oil c J TA C 
/ J m C K vU K T power end oxtros, original, (loon 
4 / Y 5 

'7 6 FORD S 
S 
L X 
K 
. ’ L ? . K . * ! , .’ 5 2 9 5 

7 3 BUICK extras, vin^r) top. *!T oiV' ^ 
. r , ::. > 2 6 9 5 r 7 1 CUC TZV Monte Coria Caupo, factory oir, oil 
(p i n r 
ZO v n l Y T power ond extras, only 1o,ooo milos. . 5 4 V5 

7 5 T o R o N A D o 
‘ 5 9 9 5 

’ 7 6 D O D G E 
‘ 4 B 9 5 

7 5 BUICK 
'“ “ '. .‘ 4 2 9 5 i7/ ai ne Cutlass Supreme coupe, factory oir, all $C4nr f O U IL /J power ond extras, stereo, cruise, mogs 
5 4 Y 5 

■75, p o n t i a c : . K o 5 p 2 i s r . ” r * . *3995 

'7 6 OLDS : r . I S 
^ r a 
. t * ’ *“ S.‘ 3 9 9 5 

7 6 CHRYSLER ^ 
. , ,^ a , S i . S r " ‘ 5 7 9 5 

7 3 O L D S l lr ^ 
' # J r ^ 
, * : *" r 
” , , ‘ 2 2 9 5 
’ T I H I n e V5*,# 9visor, 3 soot wagon, factory oir. . . . . . 
/I ULU) oil power A oxtros 
................. . . . . 2 1 9 5 t v r r n n n Custom, Vs ton Pickup, compar, factory i i n n r 
/ J ru H U air, all power ond extras, spacial 
’ 7 4 7 5 

’ 7 6 OLDS Z a g 
* 
• 
* 
? 
? 
. 
‘ 4 9 9 5 

12,ooo MUE OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP. 

MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAILABLE ON MANY OF OUR 
7 4 OR NEWER MODELS. 
"CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER *• 

Lavender Oldsmobile Co. 

1oo1 B ro a d w a y • 2 2 6 -7 3 5 7 • 2 2 6 -8 7 7 2 

*985o 
*969o 

(OUYE DeVillf f O 14,ooo rn Ivory 
, , , COUPE DeVllll 
/6 13,ooo tnt White 
,7w HOORAOO 14,ooo $ftoQft 
75 mil*! Rosewood 
OY YO 
»7e KOOIAOO sa con 
/ 5 24 OOO mi Blue 
o6YU 

 i n c !L o o **o o 
$ O C C A 
75 24 OOO mr Silver 
Oo5U tie BROUGHAM 23,ooo$nx aa 
/ 5 mrlev Roby Blue 
o6VU 
,7C BROUGHAM 33,ooo$floon 
/5 mtlev Sky Blue 
82 YU 
, , r CAULIS COUPE 
/ 5 29 OOO tnt Blue 
SEDAN OeVllll 
/ 5 29,ooo mi Orange im* SEDAN QeVltlE 
/ 5 36,ooo mi Green 
(oUPE OeYIUE 
/*♦ 4S.OOQ mi White 
179 
OeYIUE iii AOA 
73 45 OOO miles, Gold 4ttQ 
,7ft(oU/E OeYIUE 
$olon 
7o 69 OOO miles, Gold Z I YO 
’AA EONYflTIBlE 
}ajaa 
66 JR OOO tnt, White Z4YU 
OTHPR MAKIS 
IWV OLDS OElTA BB 
/O SEOAN 13 ooo 

‘715o 
*795o 
‘769o 
*629o 

 mdev Blue tv. COUGAR 18 ooo 
/ O miles, Blue 
‘549o 
*575o 
,7C CUTLASS COUPE 
/ 5 22 OOO miles Sdvet 4V9o 
>7- KW SUPER BEETLE $ovoA 
74 22.ooo irides, Blue 26YU 
BUICK ELECTRA 
COUPE 43,ooo miles. Green 
MONK (AMO 
14 OOO rn.. Green 
OLDS 98 COUPE 
26 OOO nu Beige 

*445o 
*435o 
*3475 

FOR R IATA’S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY — 
DIAL 
22 RIATA or 2 2 7 -4 2 8 2 

Why drive an economy car that looks like a closed little box? 
Drive the wide-open 

MG Midget Special 

With these extras FREE. 
FREE AM/FM radio. FREE Wheel trim rims. 
FREE. Luggage rack. FREE Special striping. 

Now, for a lim ited time only, the MG Midget 
Special comes with these free ex- tras. Plus all the fun of driving a lean, responsive w ide-open sports car 
MG Midget. The lowest-priced true sports car is even a better value now. c* vs *no 

* 4 2 8 2 * 
'ficMt* Ta«» fill* 4 I**#***#, 

I M P * ^ T 5 
THI tfUS Of SPORTS CAR ACTIVITY 
1 8 2 o BRO AD W A Y 
2 2 2 - 9 1 21 

/?& KiSCtLLAHfRf’S AUTOS 
731 - AMD 
IR V o t v a 144 - $ liana , full aquopoa Pig U lt, I P e rn 

M V o lv o s lo n d u 'd 
T T o n T u o T u 
Iran vgvogi JPf$ J JI UTI 
TTvw'Vo Ataauri SIM am im arr, roMarlt •riatnv clutch 11 JVS 

 t i P A N T E R A t S P E E D 
Varv rt#on nu h i 
N O R T m at O O O P O R S C H E Au 
I l f # N E L UUU 416 
■ JI re * 
________ 

73o 743 m u m ? 

 i n MtSCflUMS MIBS 
IffrNTfiW Sit KT" IWB lid B 
CARS LOLO AT M I* IJ ADV O I* 
CGUNfS 
CALL vyOOCY 
IU I*4o 

BAOCREOII? 

Gump 5ver*epL mutt tell h Pin ta, iN H tA y rt new In a * ana oat te r r 41**o *P4 JU* oner * 

W A V -! Can ta ll you a Cart 
C ALL 
PRANK 

PABGfTT S (JSM Cars m t i J l O R B i 
$33 1411 

 r/riiM fbi E t le iik w r r m z 
LINCOLN birthday 

>31 U K 
FT A.» b a * t u d •>. 
111 tp fia n * . 
• adm it E vc edam lit* # *7*1o41 

"B X N k I I B B 'r i V A I C U T I 1 
JAI H JJ 
I le a l* * AND N I WL 

•TI 
$ p a ri A b out libation 
Roan*. OW. aula Weud gram yin f t kMe* fug rock Lew m d to g t 
I U D JAI OJA* a lly l I g rn 

• RE Nit IN Edinuriiciui ■ it# 
I awnar 
Im m g iulutc i o s r . h t f ttV O j 
M I H J J ____ 
Pf G re m lin 
R odio, air. cair a tttun mw p i 4*6 I t l l dun 
»«♦ JHA* P N I g_______________ 
TW* G>> mt»n ii levi taal covarv, tutlv tuuawM now trrat. bottar v su»a vuuattian. U til ar oat! 
Ut#*' 'ii veil 
75 Mulatto* if». T T 7 icojva ut Nit EH >6td i i i u «• b i if1 k ma c i c a n Ab la". 
•Mw vary «««) comr ja i,, 
464 i n t 
“ in l i U K i i t m --------- 
Goad can Or lion cia 1o9/ 
T T r ahih'Tl l "'TI'aIran m a s o n 
LOOXt lu n y aaaR l l ta ♦ H - f M i i 

84 RAMBUR S29S 
A UwApuid Oaad bur IM tv tv 
TfTMrlabour YVaaun HI 
o*», autumahc 4 IEM SAA /att 

73? BUICK 

I e n tu t puwvr loaded ii va. Mutt »*!t thij »n>' Clark tots* PU $A4» 
I'll iultli Ceniurtan Lmittd 
Edition If.tW m i t it HJJ 

732 BUICK____________ 

 r ? 6 Buick Regal Landau 
VI, uuromativ utterer un , chrome 
* Avell, AAA FAA Stereo lode 6o 46 i*O t. under 
4,6oo m i 
14441 
I JOA 544# 

>37 BUICX 

NEW and PRE-OWNED 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
Open Mon -frl. 8 A.M. 
To 6 P.M . 
S al. • A M lo 4 P .M . 

>33 CADILLAC 

'/J COUPE OE V ILLE u r n 
Looded. hi mdeeae, but m c* car 
4oo-819o 
' t i d o u b t b e V tlle . J f iio i m lie i 
Red, w hile, c ru tte , ItH wheel, I owner $714o OJO-IMO 

>34 CHEVIUHn 
TnTllST 

PJ S unk S kylark Law mileaae aawer on very ct-an o24 54o8 
"T F T 

B tu * w ith w h ite tau 
L a u d e d 
I* OOO m i ll* * * I *>b o> *4 
74 ( 7 6 BUICK 
R EG A t I . bv a w n a r 
'T t 't a w mileage excedent Loaded 4J4o5 
Pf wHh taw m ileage m eg* and lo a d e d w ith e x tra * 
4411o 
X II *o45 nit#* 492 toto t i .I'u T iT r'i;-,,.',!:..i r i - n l 

" Ii buick I lee Ira T u lly la ud e d I track laaeavck aaa Pm tie r* # , 
55oo below dupe 4*4 4JU 
T l l u i / d I via*# »ouali*1" te a l* arr tuuuoae rack 444*o j*J t i l t 
T f ...r o r f i r t t i o I t ; — m i 
PJO OOI*, t i * CAP* VV** d ilia n , ra d ia l*. J a w ner* 
4*4o 
UP PO** altar 4 
YI b u ic k L v S d b r* 
4 d r uir', power brake* Meennp 9 aa AM tie r*# J*,OM m i 44oo t i t 14o4 
*#«o WOON Jar rem o ra r u g * * ! 
FT buick Sky tare J dr hardtop yellow w hile v in y l lop togged 
I K4o 4J4 I t l l 
T i I W 
K IT B , loaded lap can dnion toad rn ie 44* J t* l 

•orch TI 4* dan awa awner 
Very clean New ra d ia n AArnt te n d ! 
, K Y l X e e T I ! u T S r* hon Si JOO firm IktiC u W O ia 

T IT wark 4*5o JU 
IUJCTT’ 

 u t fc <SI flo e cfi 
M I. L a rry 

 r*> a a 6 6 n 
_______Matt ewer 544 ji ll J 

7 3 Buick W aoiinSU95 
Small dawn Ma* ever ythine New tire * to * truly* H u rry > OJO 4*59 

I k y tu rk 19 / S - i k i f l i ' 
J}.ooa rn*, att la cla rv te tra *, tx t epliunu' ca n d 4*4 J JOI 

T T T T T g 8 
T s r n a p m r i i # a rt, m CABIILAC_________ 

?4 CADILLAC BSfiHM SEO 
L m p fflW f w p rrg d fy OJO P l*/ ti& K F ty lf alai* tTerTmcrTai 
o4o144 i i n i l , _______________ 

 t*7 4 
C A D IL L A C 
C O U P * 
D e V lL L E , J* OOO m ile *. M rand new M ichetin tire *, im m acula te co nd ition W ine red w ith w h ite 
• —---------- accent *tn e e on Md* u ..j w h it* r 
T TTT e t * a r a in top 
I e o a e d * 
C o lt I M ■ M i l I l f 
)|*A tille r 4PM uP-ttLLHw 
*n n r m r r j nrcnF? 
D E V IL L E 
Am em *te r« o tape dec* to *o power «eat* im wh«e< vinyl hut etc 
E ntre Ceo»> M u tt ceti* 44*»n I? d o u > t________ 

 rr*4 T S d T .'O C C OU pc o 7 e .ti« r * ui ttigrp , 11**4, ti ade IJJ Aaftoiau* 

SHOP INDOORS 

7 2 CaMlac Coupe Deville 
F ir * ! i TFJO i n 4 *4 # 

C <u**e tilt h i uadway en* awnar 
OKO 

7 2 CADILLAC Df V illi i t dan C (cedent cand , m u tt toe ta aiwtracMrta OJO 447* IO p rn Ip 
It noon 44o OUI naan 4p >o a rn 

1 1 *4 1 5 5 ANO N I VV* 

OO C A O 'L L A C 4 an*r lo a d e d 
HOO nee d* to m e rn o i k , n e c k day*. IK t u t 

T r ? T 5 . i I A T T I 
D ( S I A C tS 1 
G o ad iu iiu .I,o.i, d e » t Rea*onabi« adei ■ m 4 n *_________ ~ 

IFFT /uddluc Fie el wood kro u vh am U tle a a n c a 
Tutu) lu x u r y 
*4>do OIA SIM 
IF F i C o iiiiia c 
P ra m iu m cand 
4,ooo mt 11*oo PU o144 PU o*o4 t i ClMfUloc Sedan b t V die l l JIO firm Caw 9JJ JJP! 
F t CddMiac Sadan beV iite Fully 
- ii.O M m ile* Ltd* Maw1 
Cad M i i n i f alWac. TI 
I w t w l l f i H IM 6 » 4111 

 call h i t vee 

I 
PtT ffO F c b tV iU fe ,t,6 6 F m ,. 
*9o5o ar b a tt offer 
82o o441 
T W T U b H to m p ii tely equipped Like now 34l l42A f ih iL b O R lflfi, e x c e 11 e n r. 

2JMAI# oM ,r 

T I feL D O P A 6 6 
L lp h i H ue 
Y9h't« vin yl Top, IW N By Owner 

T T f t b f i lA b B - 4* 46* m i new tire * , e x h a u il *y»tem 
‘TI fag, excellent 4JJOo t i l t i l * 
>Tt t 66Rad6 LmAr p.— 
MUST S E L L !! JAI J9JJ 

7 o ELDRADO S17So 
M dqniticent All petro* Sunroof, tupy etc I I I 4*59 

T T FT - r T T S T S -qpW l. o u q h p ^ i 
O E U d o t.c e 
19oo m i O rtp n a l owner like new, k it ted 
IOU 
P nduiout 

 i r P L t g r w a a r e 'dttioc i ; - c e lle n I cund.tion te x) tv* o p t* 

 m e d ia te ly I l f B u ick* L •Sub're 
U U t i Cadiltqc 11*1 t i Dodd* 
Van 44*4 AU exce lle n t running condition t i l JOU 
— m i ban b i v a iv im 
Clo o n 
L e a th e r teal* 
Tape. w a il* Many other e xtra * Bruce. 
I t # *959 

IM I N U M III TS F i l l i* i i i ip p a i x a a i * * a n d n i nu * 

 r ^ L u m o n ! " » 
, rotley wheel*, yinyl top tape 41**5 A lte r 4 
M i* 
W T u m o ro H b t ld b t p ain tin g , tid e m u ffle r*, wide evol* aaa PAA, neat repair a C Loper U s o3 
PO 7 a m A * 6 laaik 
.... J >n>v M w 
"*• * * * 1 t T I I I BfOOoWOV_____ t i C om oro Bt a ll y sLSTt new rebuilt enpme jj j. / i 
^ r n ! M A * d $ i cyl V I, 
EQ UIPPED JAI I4J5 
'5 Camara VO new 
Arp*. H | l i t JOO! 
T i" f apr ice 

BTTdnT! air, pawer. 
JI OOO m ite*, U H S 

 f lm ii w B d f, b d ro tu in ; s tt'o o e i"* 
*c»o <»*4, 
414*5 

 t T -f h i V i U g i jp p r h a r j i ^ ' oufp, V I, radio, heater, *4o5 fin anc mo ova* luau U t-44 IO 
^ C t!# v# ll* I oauno Type S T 
Auto b o w e r, a ir 
AAA AAA ce* 
* e g . » ,n y t top | i w m f i t f 
C h e v e n * M o u b u w e to n i l f l th o rp , c I*u n 
S m e ll V I, p ir power ttetO nat t o*p t j j le ft 
^J*A*>oiie I * A t lo n d o rd 
Reburtt molar M ata* paint, ti,# * 
WHI tat ga far UPS 
JAI St I J, IO a rn J p rn 
H {L a v e lle ,“ our wile will I# *, immaculate * p a * * waoan ex f r o * l l OOO rn. 444oo14 o h 
• * 
T T g bevH , ) d o o r nor j l . p V T 
! o«de Y K JAM 
” v * iFFI citavrolpf A 4aar, V I ou tomalK till til UM i i th # v r p i# i, goad c 'a iu lilitn " 
44o4 OJI HOO 

 c a l l ll* 1 *4 4 

EXPRESS-NEWS i f 
B W r n I k 
.rn* A -4 - 
• 
• 
• 

2 
L I N E S 
$ 

I O 
D A Y S 
I 

NON COMMERCIAL! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT I;.' ' 
RATE CHANGE 

2 
2 
* 
. 
S 6 
6 
6 
QUICK 
RE 

73o-743 • AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 MtTIHMMIK 
738 LINCOLN 
San A ntonio EXPR ESS-N EW S — Sunday February I 3 I 9 7 7 

’74 BUICK Centurv 
2 dr. hardtop, outomotk. 
* » v » \.i* po*"' double checked # *6 7 4 2 * 
'75 BUICE ^us*om LeSabre, 4 door, automatic, air, poer, low mileage, Beautiful car! 
7 5 MAVERICK ^ oir' pow<f' d#cor 

*3495 

* 4 4 9 5 

* 2 6 9 5 
7 3 CADILLAC CouP* d*Vi,le' doobl* f b«ked, shorn, . . . ___ 
' nice color 
* 3 8 9 5 
*73 BUICK LeSobr* tus,om 4 doof’ o real ni« tor, 
" automatic, oir, power, good color #*49o9* * 2 7 9 5 
’75 C H E V R O L E T Monte Cor,°' automatic, air, pow er. 
/O L r H V K U L t l thoroughly double cheeked 
* 3 9 9 5 

’ 7 1 R I l i r l f Cen,urY tuxus hardtop, coupe, oir, power, , 
^ ’1' VB, clean and origronul 
2 8 9 5 

’ 7 4 F O R I) Pin,° Runal>aut, beautiful golden Brown with 
White vinyl top, loti of mileage per gallon . 
51 9 9 5 

’ 7 3 R I I l f IT * i¥i* ro' automatic, air, power, Buick s finest 
_ 
/ J D U tV .IV sport cor # 6 6 7 5 * 
* 3 6 9 5 
'7 * rUFVY W w ad a P'tkup outomatic, power steering . „ 
© L ilt VT v#ry |nw mileage. ^ooks like new 
4 9 9 5 

* 7 3 f U C V / v i'fp a 1®. * doer, outomotic, oir, power, vinyl 
LntVT to ^ M(fo n e w 
................................. 2 3 9 5 
’7< n in e tutloss Supreme Coupe, one owner, thorough- 
/ 3 U L U * |y checked 
* 4 3 9 5 

S P I R E S - D O U G L A S B U I C K 

L U X U R Y C A R S 
EXCEPTIONALLY NICE 
GRAND PRIX’S OLDS CUTLASS 
CHEVROLET 
MONTE CARLOS 

L O W m i l e a g e , s o m e w i t h p o w e r w i n d o w s , o n d 
S U N R O O F S 
P O W E R 
SEATS. 
ALL 
W IT H 
A U T O M A T IC , AIR , P O W E R S TE E R IN G , BRAKES. FEW 
W IT H TILT W H EEL o n d CRU ISE C O N T R O L 

SEE. D O N H A M FLEET MANAGER 
BUDGET RENT A CAR 

 n j E T S A L I S 
338 N.E. LOOP 41o SAN ANTONIO, TX. 
349-4441 

ANCIRA WINTON 
CHEVROLET 

Rick Martin bos |Oined the *n cirri 
Winton 
Chevrolet fleet deportment with principal duty of fleet sales and loosing. 

He is a native San Antonian ond attended Alamo Heights and graduated at 
Texas 
Tech 
University. In 1977 he entered the automobile business and is a member of the Chevrolet legion of dealers and the truck sales honor club. 

Rick pledges continued service and invites his many friends ond customer to come in ond see him at Anciro-Winton Chevrolet. 
RICK MARTIN 

ANCIRA WINTON CHEVROLET 
N. FLORES AT MARTIN 
2 2 5 -5 3 3 3 

734 CHEVROLET. 

•72 V E G A G T 
___________ca ll 824 4118_________ 
74 V eg a G T H a tc h b a c k 
4-spd . o ir, A M -F M , v in y l in te r io r . L ow m ileage. Cleon 494-1134._________ 
V e g a , '74, H a tc h b a c k . A ir , a u- to m o tic , lo w m i. 3o m p g . O rig . ow ner. M u st sell $1595. 828-42*4. 
•73 V E G A K a m m b o c k , 4-speed, 
Oir, 487S. 661-3oo4, 661-4741_______ 
•71 V E G A S ta tio n W a g o n 
L o w m ileage. A fte r S, ess 6847 
74 V E G A 418oo, S tic k S h ift, 26 m p g re d , b la c k in t e r io r , g oo d condition. 341-1584. 

735 CHfiVSIiR 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R 
P L Y M O U T H S 
V O LA R E S 
D O D G E V AN S 
DO DG E A N D GMO P IC K U P S 
825 No M om , Boerne-249 3566 
D IR E C T L IN E 
226-5515 
Joy G a rre tt Sales M a n a g e r 
1969 C H R Y S L E R 525o 
648-1131, 
656-2678 
68 C H R Y S L E R 3oo 559o 

71 F O R D M a c h I, g re a t c o n d . 
51395. tro d e , 342 2o93_____________ 
‘ 74 F o rd M d v e r ic k . 4 -d r. a ir , heater, auto , pow er ste e rin g . E x ­ cellent cond. M ust sell b efo re Feb. 
151 824-8731. 
_ 
'68 FO R D M U S TA N G F a s t b ack, 
Looded, 51595. 333-5767_________ _ 
'75 F O R D R A N C H E R O w a g o n 
» passenger A M -F M stereo. 53495 
341 1425________________________ 
F o rd station w agon, '74, e x c e lle n t condition, 26,ooo m i. I O w n er. FM to p e , 51,5oo. D r. D e la V e g a , 
696-7o7o D ays, 655-2461 o tte r 7 
'67 F o rd S ta tio n W a g o n heater. *5oo 923-o649 

'75 L IN C O LN Tow n coupe 2 door. e x a c tly lik e new c o n d itio n , fu lly loaded, o il e x tra s , o rig in a l o w n e r 
824- 7573. 661 6484___________ _ 
71 MARK III 
E x c e lle n t c o n d ., *3333 
B e fo re noon o r o fte r S 826-4o18._________ 
'7o M a rk III. E x c e lle n t cond., low m i., 655-6216 o ffe r 6 3o.__________ 
•69 M A R K I I I . g re a t c o n d itio n , 
*1695 o r best o ffe r 826-67oo 
1975 M a rk IV 
B lo c k w ith re d le a th e r . C h ro m e w ir e w h e e ls . 
B e a u tifu l c o n d itio n . *865o C o ll 
J im , 494 18o6 o r 496 6842_________ 
•74 M a rk tv E v e ry o ptio n o v a ila b le in c lu d in g s u n r o o f , w ir e w h e e ls 
E x c e lle n t c o n d . *685o firm . 684-1718. 
_ 

•73 M A R K IV 
Im m a c u la te , lo o d e d . S a c r ific e 
*4495. 341-8124; 349-o297__________ 
'74 M A R K IV L ik e new co n d itio n 
Loaded, m u s t sell 
B y o w ne r. 
534-8873 
_______________________ 
'73 M A R K IV , looded 
37,ooo m i. *5685. 658-3856 
72 M A R K IV , loaded, 43.ooo m iles 
5445o. 653-3883____________________ 

746 - TRUCKS 
TRAILERS BOSES 
COMMERCIAL 746 • TRUCKS 
TRAILERS BUSES 
COMMERCIAL 746 • TRUCKS I 
TRAILERS BUSES 
COMMERCIAL 746 . TRUCKS 
______ TRAILERS BUSES 
& COMMERCIAL 746 
TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ TRAILERS. BUSES 
I 

P 
I 
C 
K 
- 
U 
P 
- 
A 
N 
D 
S 
O 

T O 

 a ir . 

•6o FO RD W AG O N, p ow e r, a ir, 9 p a s s e n g e r, g o o d c o n d itio n 
225-4Q31, 824-9216 eves, w eekends 
'72 F o rd w o g o n to p a s s e n g e r. 
E x tra clean inside and out. N e a r ly new ra d ia ls 5127o w o rth m o re 
435 164)__________________________ 

72 FO R D W AGON 11295 tO -possenqer, cleon 435-1641 

•72 M A R K IV , o w n e r, lik e new. low m i loaded 
5465o 
344-o221; 
655-9525 
_____________ _ 
'71 M A R K IV 
W h ite w ith b u r ­ g undy le a th e r in te rio r, e v e ry op­ tio n e x c e p t s u n r o o f. I o w n e r. 
826 2331. A fte r 6pm 1-625 8161 
Own a little lu x u ry . 1971 L in c o ln 
C o n tin e n ta l 4 -d o o r, n e w r a d ia l tire s , sh ocks, ond m u ffle r. E le c ­ tro n ic ig n itio n , a ll e x tra s . L ik e new le a th e r in te rio r 
W ell w o rth the p ric e . 526oo 653-3794 

739 MERCURY 

•75 B o b c a t W o gen 
L o a d e d , low m iles. B elow book, 344-4678. 

A ll e x tra s 
828-6959 
N ice fa m ily c a r. 

'75 C h r y s le r C o rd o b a VB, a u ­ to m a tic , pow e r, fo c to rv a ir. tope deck, c ru is e c o n tro l 6o-4o le a th e r in t e r io r , o ne o w n e r v e r y lo w m ile a g e . L ik e n e w *4 6 9 5 W ill tro d e 923 2883_____________________ 
7o C h ry s le r New Y o rk e r Sedan 
W ill T ra d e fo r 4 w h e e l D r iv e 
V ehicle. 224-5463. 
72 c h ry s le r N e w p o rt 2-dr hard- too. E x c e lle n t cond. 652-3874. 

C ustom I cosh 824-8o74 a fte r 4 pm . 

CLEANEST CARS IN TOWN 

7 4 SUBARU.................... $1848 

7 4 VW Dasher 
$2488 
7 3 CUSTIS, standard, 
3 speed...................... $2188 

7 4 CAPRI, V6, outemotic, a ir................................. $2788 

7 5 
GRAND PRIX, automatic, otr, power sleeting, power windows, power seots, *M-fM stereo, maroon ond white 
$45So 

7 8 ITO 4 door, outomotic, oir, 
*M FM 
$4$88 

7 5 ELECTRA 
225, outomotic, air, power steenng, power brokes, AM FM stereo, power windows 
$5475 
7 4 
CAPRIC! 
Classic, con vedible, outomotK, air, power steer steering, power windows, AM-FM stereo.............. 
$3775 
7 6 
CAPRIC! Oos«c, 
AM FM stereo, power windows 
$545o 
7 2 AAONTIGO MX 2 door, looded..........................52288 

7 3 HONDA 2 door 
$1388 7 3 O M Y S Itt Station No logon, power windows, AM FM $2188 

O P E N S U N D A Y 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

9 8 o o S a n P e d r o 
3 4 1 - 5 5 7 ! E x t. 3 o 3 

■75 r « : r " ' 2 2 8 8 I 
I J Q CUTUSS 
5 

734 CHEVROLET 
II 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

 i w w w i i 
* 1 2 9 5 

7 5 S S L ? * * 3 5 9 5 

7 4 : z 
^ r - ‘ 2 8 9 5 
I V j l DATSUN eykup. 

I S 
T 
*‘ * 1 3 9 5 

'* 1 9 8 8 
1 7 4 KOAA1A, 
/ J pDWDf, I 
7 3 22? 

7 4 ™ m 

7 4 

7 4 

MONTI 
CABIO. 

* 2 7 8 8 

* 3 2 8 8 

‘ 3 7 8 8 rtvMoimt 
Warn# 
14m >, 
■1Die m 
*“ 4 o 7 o o n a to m m ... 
/ / O O 

7 4 WX batler 
* 2 4 8 3 
©wen HJN© a r 
ASK far 
MANUK 4a la ROM 
NORTH CINTI A i FORD 
88oo Sim Pedro 

Clean 1976 Used C a rs A t 
B U D G E T R E N T A CAR-349-4443 
338 N E Loop 41o a t A irp o r t B lv d 
T F Im p a la C u s to m t o e 
F u ll pow e r, t o w n e r, *1395. ‘74 Im p a la 
4 d r . fu ll p o w e r, *1995 433-8o43 
7o IM P A L A 2 d o o r. *9 75 c o ll 

L 

«*UV JWN TONTO 
341-9433 

! M a n ue l 341-9431 
1972 Im p a la , g o id , 4 -d o o r, h o rd top, fu lly e q u ip p e d , e x tra c le o n . 
*1495 655-7742 
7 i Im p a la L ik e new. new s tic k e r, plotes, tire s SI65o I 75) 294) 
TI im p a la 3 sent w agon 
R ow er, s e x tro clean 656-o145 

I 68 IM P A L A SS, A ir, p a w e r, m ag 
I wheels *6oo 828-6543__________ 
I ' I i in p .;a;’ W ogon 54,ooo m i. air". 
M o w e r b ra k e s , s te e rin g , c ru is e co n tro l, clean *22oo, 494-581o 
74 M A L llO CLASSIC 
Loaded, lik e new 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E * 
IN IO, I m i n o rth o f B oe rn e 
I RT 2 BOX 127, S A P hone 224 2426 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12 * P M 
76 MALIBU CLASSIC 
IA b e a u ty ) V in y l r o o f, s p o k e wheels L ik e new ..................... *439* 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
FO R D S O U TH S ID E 
19o1 S W M ilita ry 922-6317 

76 M a lib u £ lo » s 

72 C h ry s le r N e w p o rt. E x c e lle n t 
53,ooo m i 51295 69o 9924 
73 (M er Newport isto m h ardto p. L ow m iles. 51 
S175o 

67 C h ry s le r N e w p o rt. Good fro m sp o rta tio n . 
*35o. a fte r 
6 p m .; 
532 3o76___________________________ 
1967 C h ry s le r, v e ry g ood co n d i- tion, m u st see to a p p re c ia te . *65o. 
224 7814___________________________ 

75 C O R D O B A . F u lly e q u ip p e d , e m e ra ld g re e n , le a th e r in te r io r 
5475o. 922-3426 
7 5 C O R D O B A , p o w e r, a ir, n ice. 
O nly 53995 eves 344-5727__________ sb N e w p o rt i d r h a rd to p , e xcel- lent cond., *75o 6 56 2998 

•73 G a la x y 
E x c e lle n t c o n d ., s a c rific e at 519oo A fte r 5 3o and weekends 
494-631o. 
75 G R A N A D A , 6 c y lin d e r 
Sales m an g e ttin g co. c a r, 83,ooo road m iles, 
123oo 
494 7219 a tte r 
5 w eekdays 
'7 6 
G R A N A D A , 
T o k e o v e r p o ym e n ts! looded, 824-o382 
72 Gran Torino Brougham 
4 door. A ll pow e r, v in y l ro o f, low m iles ..............................................*1995 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
FO R D S O U TH S ID E 
19o1 S.W. M ilita ry 922-6317 
7 5 L T D C o u n try S q u ire W agon. 
E x c e lle n t cond. *375o. 653-7o29 
7 6 LTD , 2 door, 351 cu engine, a ll p o w e r, re a r w in d o w d e fro s te r , w hite w ith ton in te rio r, 14,ooo m i. by ow ner, 695-8228. 
71 L T D e x c e lle n t m e c h a n ic a lly , in te rio r, 53oo u nd er book 226-o291 
7 o L T D , lo a d e d . B e a u tifu l c a r. e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 58,ooo m i. 
*1o95 655 8659 
____ 
71 L T D , loaded l-o w n e r 341-3933 
71 L T O w a g o n , p o w e r a nd air. good cond. 51o95. 653-o326_______ 
197o M A C H I 
D ependable 736-8)3o 

 t i N e w p o rt 3oo. lo a d e d , e x tr a sh arp. *695. 923-28o1 

736 DODGE 
BESTBUY IN TOWN! 
‘76 C h a rg e r D otona SE A uto . a ir, p o w e r , A M -F M s te r e o , r o o d w h ee ls, s te e l b e lt ra d ia ls 6o 4o, ve lo u r seats, 16,ooo m i. 494-6295. 
73 C h a lle n g e r S p o rt, a u to 
VS. p ow e r s te e rin g , b ro k e s 224-6956 

66 
C H A R 6 E R 
38 3 
C l o s s i'c 
B u ild e rs sp ecia l 545o 226 o291 
C H A R G E R . 
68 
Im m a c u la te + e c o n o m ic a l! S te re o , w e ll c o re d fo r, 684 33o5 
72 C h a rg e r SE, auto 
VS, p ow e r s te e rin g , b ra k e s . A M -F M stereo . 
Need to d riv e 224-6956 
C h a rg e r '6*. 4-spd , 44o m agnum ', 
2 K eystone m ags Red w ith b la c k v in y l. E x c e lle n t cond 
F ir s t *85o cosh 533 8594_____________________ 

69 C o ro ne t SOO, Sedan, o ir, p o w e r, o rig in a l 5675 342 6922____________ 
72 D A R T S w in ge r, coupe, loaded. 

'69 M ach I. M a n y e x tra s , see to b e lie v e ' M u st se ll! 822-5634 
M A K E O F F E R ! 
71 G A L A X IE , 
1st. MSO c o ll 732 3824 
M A V E R IC K 
74, 6 c y l 
L o o d e d . 
Low m ilea g e. 52,6oo- 684-1176 
M a v e ric k 1971, 6 c y lin d e r a u ­ to m a tic , a ir , ra d io 
N e w tire s , brakes, fro n t end. 5)35o 655-2252 
7 4 M A V E R IC K , 2 d o o r . a ir , ra d ials, p ow e r s tee ring , 1-owner. 
222-1665 
73 M A V E R IC K 2 d oo r. e x c e lle n t cond. O w n er, 648 2361; 333-o4o4 
'71 M A V E R IC K . 4 d o o r S ed a n, auto, 6 c y l . new tire s , lo w m ilea g e 
*1495 732 7165 

‘ 72 
C A P R I, t r a n s p o r t a t io n special 341 3933__________________ 

J O 
R 
D 
A 
N 
F O 
R D 
’ S 
FEBRUARY 
TRUCK SPECIALS 
★ RODEO WEEK SPECIALS A 
NEW FORD COURIER 

P i c k 
- u p 

PRICES STARTING AS LOW AS 

 r n 

71 CO LO N Y P A R K W agon, n ic e ! 
*1o95. 661-3oo4, 661-4741 
7 2 C om et, 6 c y lin d e r, s ta n d a rd tra n s m is s io n , ru n s goo d, SISO 
342 193) Pi o fte r 6pm 494 6589 
76 Continental Town Car 
7 6 L in c o ln C o n tin e n ta l 4 -d o o r 
T o w n 
S e d a n 
F u lly lo a d e d 
A lu m in u m w h ee ls, 8 tra c k tope, ra d io , etc. T w in e le c tr ic se ats, b la ck d ia m o n d m oon dust m e ta l lie. E le c tric d e fro s te r, h e a d lig h t d e la y a n d a u to m a tic d im m e r, tw in re m o te m irro rs , c ru is e , tilt w h e e l, v o n ity lig h t g ro u p a nd m uch m uch m o re A p p ro x 
15,ooo m iles nod looks lik e N e w ! 58,95o firm and no tra d e . Dan Johnston, 
817-725-6181 Cross, P la in s, Tex 

• NEW 

C U S T O M I Z E D V A N S 
In Stock— Im m e d ia te D e liv e ry 

* 
3 
1 
9 
5 

* Sloe lr # T 8 9 5 (5 To Select fro m ) 

NEW RAN CH ERO ’S 

7o COUG AR 2 door h a rd to p , a u ­ la good cond HOTS 342 oo62 
7 o C ougor. good cond., a ir, ra d io , outo, R a dial tire s 5145o, 655 4746 
‘69 C ougar lip s tic k re d -b la c k v in y l roof. P ow er, o ir, a ll p o w e r, new tire s 224 6956 
J O 
R 
D 
A 
N 
F O 
R D 

7 5 C O U G A R , w h ite on w h ite . 
21,ooo m i *45oo 826 o174 
7 3 C o u g a r X R 7, c le a n , 38,ooo m iles, 2 door h a rd to p , bonk loan 
525oo, sells 53ooo 434-9o62 
7 3 C O U G A R X R 7, V B, p o w e r stee ring and b ra ke s, la nd a u roof 
Below blue book. *315o. 735-2624, a fte r 6 ond w eekends 
56 L in c o ln M a rk ll. G ood c o n d i­ tio n P oul M o n ta lb a 732-4751 

FORD 
TRUCKS r 

'69 M e rc u ry C olony P o rk W aqon 
IO p a s s , fu ll p o w e r, clean. 
494 5926 

615 S. St. Mary’s 
2 2 7 - 1 3 1 I 

414 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
9 2 3 - 4 5 6 6 

 loop 41o at McCullough 
3 4 4 - 8 3 9 6 

 r n 

SEE: 
THE FULL LINE 
A V A IL A B ILITY ! 

1971 M E R C U R Y C O M E T , OU to m a tic, 3o2 . C all G ro g 433-1466. 
'67 M e rc u ry C o ug a r Looks good 
Runs good. *9oo. 924-5711________ 
72 MERCURY S1795 
4-door a uto , a ir 
B lue w ith blue v in y l root. E x tra clean 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
FO R D S O U TH S ID E 
19o1 S.W M ilita ry 922 6317 

O nly 51,ooo m i. *1695. 
IH S B R O A D W A Y m T 
223-1549 
D E M O N T u d o r, a ir , o u to , 
*195. 
S pace 
19, 
519 e x c e lle n t 
R oosevelt 
7 2 D o d g e D a r t . E x t r o c le a n , ra d ia ls . 515oo fir m 653 3459 
66 
D o d g e 
D a r t G T . A u to 6 
(c o n s o le ) , r a d io , h e a te r , o ir . 
T e n d e r L o v in g C a ro ! A ttra c tiv e , e c o n o m ica l c a r. 
*85o firm . 
142 5oo3 
TTDOBGE’ 
D A R f------------- 

‘ 74 M A V E R IC K 
4 d r r a d io , h ea ter, 6, a uto e x tro clean, low m i 11685. 9 5 °°fin a n c in g a v a ila b le 
224-441o__________________________ 
7 4 M a v e ric k , o w n e r, p lu s h in t. a ir, outo, new tire s , 
*2,7oo. 
3492274 
_____________________ 
M A V E R IC K , 7 o 
S tandard, best o tte r 6*3-o724 

M E R C U R Y 7 * G ra n d M a rq u is . 2 
D o or, w h ite on w h ite , lo o d e d 
I 
O w ner, lik e new. *48oo 684-8996 or 
828-77o7 o fte r 6 pm 
7 * M e rc u ry G ra n d M a rq u is , fu ll p o w e r, fa c to ry a ir , one o w n e r, 
L o w m ile a g e 
L ik e n ew 
IS M S 
W ill tra d e 923-2883 

741 PLYMOUTH 
742 PONTIAC 

7o A AR C U D A , 34o, 6 p a c k , outo | 
*13oo la ir cond 
P le a s a n to n ,] 
(I)569-3669 
B A R G A IN 
*285o 
1975 F u ry 2 d oo r C ustom H a rd to p 
Loaded 648 1131, 656 2678 
'7o C uda 383 
B la c k m e ta l fla k e , c u s to m in t e r io r . C o m p le te ly hopped up M u s t see to b e lie v e ! 
51ooo or best o ffe r 141 692o 

197o M e rc u ry M a ra u d e r, a u to , a ir 673-1735 o fte r 6pm 

7 o M a v e ric k 6 s ta n d a rd 
E x c e l­ lent co nd itio n 58oo cosh 435-1641 

•72 M E R C U R Y M a r q u is s h o w ­ ro o m c o n d itio n 
E x c e lle n t ru n - nm g. By o w n e r, 534-8873_________ 

7 1 M a v e ric k 
3o2 VS. 4-dr , o ir, lo a d e d 
*2 69 5 o r b e s t o t t e r . 
676-76o3 o fte r 4. 
_________ 
'6 M u stan g 1o2, 4 b bl , 4 on flo o r, p e rfe c t body ond in te rio r. *1295. 
337-58o2. w . 
___________________ 

'65 M e rc u ry M o n te rre y 
R e ce n t e n g in e o v e r h a u l. 
A u t o m a tic tra n s m is s io n , p o w e r fa c to ry a ir 
E x c ita n t co nd itio n. *695 W ill tro d e 
923 2883 

7o M U S TA N G BY O W N E R . *1295 
432 829o 

'7 6 
M O N A R C H , ta k e o v e r p o y m e n ts , no e q u ity , c o li Jo h n 
S lu rp 349 6948 

7 ) D U S T E R , 2-dr. h a rd to p , 6, o u ­ to. *475. 333 892o 
7 1 D u s te r. 34o, m a g s . A M -F M stereo. E x tro s . *22o4 341-543o. 
D u s te r, 1975, 25,ooo m i lo a d e d , | new tire s . *2,895 927 3948 
P L Y M O U T H B e lve d e re . 1963 a ir, auto new tire s , good cond 54oo 
492 2915 eves 
7 4 P L Y M O U T H D u s te r, 318 V I, 
Loaded, *25oo 824 2986 

M u st sell e x tra clean, '72 C o ugar, looded. 341-3933 
______ 
1969 M U S T A N G C O N V E R T IB L E 
A u to m a tic a ir c o n d itio n e d . N e w b a tte ry V -l. V e ry cle o n 
A s k in g 
*1495. 826-8152_____________ 
74o OLDSMOBILE 

1967 M U S T A N G C O U P E 
111-8312 

Loaded 341-1931 

 o Y lg in a l ow ner, m ust setl B lue ond w h ite, 
B e a u tifu l! 826 788o. 
M o lih u ' 'T r ~5 ad o n " ) fff 7* V I o n . p o w e r . 
C le a n 
D e p e n d a b le tra n s p o rta tio n 
L ow net *1o6o to liq u id a te 3*15 C u le bro 
73 M a lib u VB, pow e r, a ir, a u to ', 
A M F M *22oo 69o-1o1o, 735 72o3 
7 6 M o n Fe C a r lo 1o5 E n g in e ' 
M a h og an y W ood, B eige L a n d a u 
Top C all 6*6 6926. 
76 m 6 HT e 
<TXrT o ~" I u 11 y e q u ip p e d in c lu d e s p o w e r, o ir . 
*915 
9S*o fin a n c in g a v a ila b le 
224-441o 
7* m 6 N V e i. A R L b *~» I n y I top ste re o , ta p e , a ir p o w e r, r o lly e wheels, ra d ia ls 5455o 824 o689 
; 
M O N TE C A R L O 71 L o n d o u 
New a lte rn a to r, b u tte ry , b ra k e s 
656-1319 
72 
E re a l m e r 
*2688 < o)1 34 1 39)1 
Ti M o xie C o d o B u rg u n d y loot) c d 
L ik e n e w in s id e a n d o u t. 
7) C h e v r o le t im p a la C u s to m i N ig h ts 
349-1o29 coupe V t . pow e r, le c to ry o ir, lo w 
7 } M onte C a rlo to o te d oski tor m ile a g e 
E x c e p t io n a lly c le o n 1 D a vid 4714521 421 1196 
*1795 w ill tra d e 921 2183 

72 DODGE DEMON S1595 
4 speed. A re a l S po rt c o r! 
H E M P H IL L M C C O M B S 
FO R D S O U TH S ID E 
1981 S W M ilita r y 922-4317 
1975 b o d g e b e rn o o i x r e l l e n t co n d itio n 
2219 
V ance 
Ja ckson 
732-887o 

'66 O O O G F 4 door, outo, a ir, new t ires *65o M o n u e l 141-9433_______ 
44 b o d g e 4 4 -d r , c h e a p t r a n ­ s p o rta tio n 1 *2oo 141-537*________ l4?3 D o n o r M ono* o I door h o rd lo p Looded. C ruise c o n tro l, 6o.oo8 m ile s >119* 6*5-4981 
41 D O D G E . S ta n da rd . 4cyI , a ir. lik e n ew c o n d . (3 7 * 
'41 V a n 
E conoline, ru n s good, needs tro d ! 
W ind shield *25o 714-97oo________ 
•49 Dodge Super Bee. 4 speed, R «v tr a c tio n , *675 
684 7476 a fte r 5 
Week goys________________________ 
'49 D odge S uper hee 
111, 4 b b l, e x c e lle n t th ro u g h o u t. 
*1195. 
1117-Mta. 
74 G old D u s te r, a uto 4 c y l a ir, 
1 v in y l ro o t, clean 224 *956 

1965 M u stan g 4 c y lin d e r s ta n d a rd 
Good co n d itio n *55o 922-1 999999 8 
71 M U S T A N G F A S T B A C K 
699 o194 
74 M U S T A N G G h ia , ta k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , no e q u ity , c a ll J o h n 
Shm o 149 6948___________________ 

I A p p a lo o s a s t a llio n , I b ro o d rn o re , 7 tu lle s . A ll r e g is te r e d 
W a rd s S tables 658 2956 

*9 C U T LA S S 
*995 344-9773 
7 8 C U TLA S S, o uto o ir, 
*115o M o n ue l 34) 9413 

71 C U TLA S S C O N V E R T IB L E 
L IK E N E W ' 499-o294 

'71 P L Y M O U T H F u ry I I I , 2 d r j h a rd to p , fu lly e q u ip p e d , fa c to ry a ir, p ow e r *895. fin a n c in g a v o ilo I ble 224-441o______________________ 
1974 P ly m o u th F u ry , 5175o 
154 
P o rk H ill 814 51o9 732 3o5)_______ ' 
48 P ly m o u th F u ry 1595 
4 d o o r h a rd to p a u to m a tic , n ic e 1 to m lly c o r 818-4959______________ 
7 4 P ly m o u th F u ry S port 
Bv O w n er, L oa de d ! 
544OO______________________924 4879 

71 S a te llite C u sto m 4 d r , 45,ooo m i. *1275 o r b est o fte r 814 1244 
7 4 S E B R IN G , 2 -d o o r h a r d to p , v in y l to p , V I, o u to a ir . *25oo 
2265473; eves, 455-8584__________ 
7 4 V a lia n t 4 c y l, 15,ooo m i . a ir, 
F M 696 2827 b efo re to o rn 

'*8 P on tia c L e M a n s C oupe, V 8, a u to m a tic , p ow e r fa c to ry a ir, lik e | new 51395 w ill tro d e 923 2883 
‘43 P on tia c S ta rc h ie r looks good, , ru n s good, 53oo. 826931o._________ 1 
'47 P on tia c statio n w agon, Needs tra n s m is s io n , No title M a ke o tte r, ! 
341 SOU A tte r 4 ___________ 
_ 
64 P O N T IA C T E M P E S T 
BEST O F F E R ! 144-22)3 j 
1974 P on tia c V e n tu ra H a tc h b a c k 
2 d o o r a u t o m a tic , V 8, p o w r s te e rin g b ro k e s , a ir , e x c e lle n t ; condition. *1475 653 182o________ it P O N TIA C W agon, good co nd i tion, 
*7,5oo a c tu a l m i 
*6oo 
; 653-o396___________________________ 
T a k e o v e r p a y m e n ts on ’ 74 F I- | 
; re b ird 
No e q u ity 
C a ll 824-o918 
1 ask to r F re d , o tte r 7 
922 7757 
41 T e m p e s t h a r d to p . T o k e up j p a y m e n ts o r p a y o ff c a sh (441. 
Cull Rm ph 828 4959 

743 MISCELLANEOUS AUTOS 

74 M U S T A N G G H IA a u to 
M ust sell 222 1142____________ 

71 C utlass, lik e new 
N ew tire s (SS 1412 

737 FORD 

 i i i ! C h e v ro le t Im a o lo 
4 d o o r. s ta n d a r d , V I , v in y l ro o f. o ir . h e a te r, ra d io . *8o8 
B v O w n e r 
C oll 221 I IH or 496 441o__________ 
74 C h e v ro le t M o n te ^ a r io V I, o u to m o tic . lu ll p o w e r, fa c to ry a ir, v e ry low m ile a e e Lots of e x tra s 
(le e * wilt tra d e i l l 21o1 
M i H i V f t i& L f Y f c A n i u 
W AG O N * t 17* 
211 1141 ti Z t t « V » 6 L i T m A l 1 * o * m r 
A ir. a uto sac rific e 1*1* C u le b ro 
74 C h e v ro le t Novo V I. automa tic . b ow e r, fa c to ry a ir New fire * 
E x c e o tio n a ily c le a n (1 8 9 * 
W ill tra d e 921 1883 
42 C^ev wogon 4 
822 1641___________________ 4*19111 
/ f T W T W B I L A I i I 
4 d OO r 
Sedan, low m ile a g e C le a n ' *149* 
Con 711 714* 
71 SU e n r 

75 MONIE CARLO LANDAU 
B la ck a v#r b la c k 
V -l, a u to a ir, p ow e r 18,oo m ite * ............... 
*4 *9 * 
I JAMISON M il* Seguin. 271 SIO! 
71 M onte C a rlo s h a rp ' A ll b la ck lo a d e d ' 486 29S7 . 486 38oo 

75 M o n te C a rlo 
F u lly lo o d e d 
( f ie equity ond take up p a y m e n ts o r best o ffe r 5161431, 413 8951 

72 M onte C a rle L o a d e d 
E x c e l 
! le nt cond *1488 or best o ffe r I I M 
Santo M onico 
71671o4 
M o n te C o rte ' l f t i l t s te e rin g . s w iv e l s e a ts , le a d e d 
6 *9 i l l * a fte r 4 e m h t6 H T t T 
* H 
6 'y r T . o d e d 
*11o9 or best o n e r 451 714o______ 
T I 
B eento 
C a r lo 
L o o d e d 
I >42 4714, 149 9479 o tte r 4 low m ile s 
T S T ) 

45 t k e v y 1 . 1 X 7 new tire s , fo o d c o n d itio n M I 49*2 o fte i lp m ti C hevy B is a u a n t S liv e r needs m in e r w o rk *171 *98 9924 r * n t k t v v f H f v i r n r 
W AG O N, lo a d td . p ow e r, a ir Cai! 
Q.V. 411 1*67 ______ 
44 C hevy 2 door auto a ir, h e a l 
>167847 e l C h e v y I d o o r, s ta n d a rd , i l l 
V I rea son ab le 922 5557 
4 l( U r V V V b r . I o w ner e h e a p ' 
*861918 
63 Chevy ll. 4 cyt s ta n d a rd good cond *495 514 o984 
— f p f v V n n 6 v a . 1 » w C T 
1464 or 19*7, *71 4*98 
1974 CHEVY IMPALA S2989 
(.D U P E 
B la c k w ith w h it* v in y l ro o t A ula. o«r. IM . V-8. t ilt w heel 
H E M P H IL L M C CO M BS 
FO R D S O U T H E D * 
1981 S W M ilita ry 421 4H 7 
14 f I CM I V V IM P A L A , a u to m a tic . pow er and o ir 
C a ll 
W oody 
411 1468 
T i t b t w r m n r r x m ile a g e good cond 
T i £ t i I V V TMFTtT 

I I i i M b ft'T A " w e edy *11 1668___________________ 
75 M a n ia t o w n lo u p e V I pow er, a ir, a u to m a tic N e w b ro s 
24,66o n u 
*1 1 *6 o r b e s t o fte r I 
*761144 o tte r * >o 
75 M e rn a V I e ll p o w e r 
A ir a m F M s te r e o i l l * * 
C a ll 
1684-6D 5 O fter 4:___________________ 
75 M O N iA i i i V e ry cle on au to n ig h t, a ir, bes! ofte r 441 1147 
M o v in g ! M u s t sell 74 d h o w M on ta . V I , a ir , p o w e r s t e e r in g , 
4 speed, ra the , paid 1*188. setting 
*1489 498 8484 eves 
1974 M U S T A b ib , o u tg m a tit. a ir. radio, v in y l ro o t 
Cat! 
D V 
I U 1667 id con' 
I l f 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
San Antonio 
Coll 
227 o86o 
<974 I M W 2882 b a u titu l condi lion, must sell 828 8942 
Clean, exceptional cond, looded ; 
I 71 Pinto 222 8o41 45* 7844_______ 
Clean 74 M ustang ll," 4 speed 
I 
51725 5164247 
-------------T l i L l t f e F ft'feD------------- 
HOS E ve rythin g! 
222 )3*7 
67 Fanlane 4So6. 214 outom otic 
; 
5495 641 3oo4, 441-4/41 
T T F A l l L AN r 
W O door' sion dard 4. needs point, runs good 
*195 4*9 IM I 
' " 7o F A H I A h fl W A '56 n 5 7 » r- 
Looks good, runs extra good Au to o ir 828 *454 
I * CC FORD. o il origionol," good j cond. *861855 
‘f l ^o rd iro n c o Monger. 4 wheel d riv e , aute. a ir. custom w heel , w ells, on oft road tire s , m ags, 
I 8S.5M 494 4*89 
I 
73 Ford Country Sedan Wagon 
*2**o ‘7* Facer USM. both good condition 711-141* or 71$ MIO or coil c o if Cl 1-414 IS I* 

‘71 FORD Custsm 4 dr V-6 cid air heater, radio, good tire * E x ­ cellent condition lf,788 mi. *119* 
127 6477 
"*6 F o rd , 4 c y l , sta n d , e c o n ­ omic OL 85,888 m r *16* 514 1541 
I t Ford B itte Loaded, AM PM stereo, 8 trace 1.o88 miles- Call 
M l 288* 

1974 M U S TA N G , 12.o8o m il* * Can 
W oody 411-1**8__________________ 
19*9 M u s to n g , 2 6 2 . o r ig in a l o w n e r, s m a ll V -8 , a u to , a ir , pow er, 18m pp 464 7441 

‘47 M u s ta n g V I 289 
A u to . A -i co n d itio n ! O rig o w n e r. (12oo or 
Dl l ' o n e r 
>42 o245_______________ 
'*5 M u s ta n g 
V I, a u to . (75o or best o ffe r. 444 1o87_______________ 
'45 M u s ta n g V I F a s tb a c k 
A ir , 
*845 COW 812-7518________________ 
1971 M u s ta n g V - l, g r e t n w ith w h ite v in y l to p , o u lo , p o w e r stee ring , b ra k e s lo p * deck, a ir, 
42o7 M O C C A S IN 414-1o55. (2,15o o r best o ffe r_____________________ 
~ 1973 MUSTANG 
V in y l to p . p o w e r, a ir , r o d ia ls . 
*2195 o r b es! o ffe r 
42o7 MOCCO- sin 684-3o55 o n y h m e ____________ 
N E E D A C A R ? L it t l e c r e d it 
M a rrie d , s in g le , d iv o r c e d 
C a ll m e 
W ill fin an ce 
Bob 
P uente, 
I 222-8*11 __________________________ 

'75 C U T L A S S 
L o a d e d , c le a n . below book 921 *7o* or I 75135*7 
74 CUTLASS SALON $2495 
A ir, o u to m o tic , p ow e r 435 )441 
-72 
C U TLA S S 
S U P R E M E 
C o n v e rtib le 
Colt M a n u e l 141-9411 

742 PONTIAC 

•71 P IN T O 
*856 
484-74M 
'ti P in to M P G 
3 d r 
R u n a b o u t, 
4.ooo m i *15*8 4*9 ll* 5 __________ 

74 P IN T O R u n a b o u t. 14-speed. a ir, ra d io , good co n d itio n 
*2195 I 
144-4784 
I 
71 P into R unabout S ta n d a rd a ir vin y I top 1111771________________ 
1 97 5 P IN T O R U N A B O U T , au to m o tic, a ir Caw W oody e l l 1448 ti P IN T O . 4 Sod . ra d io . E x c e l le nt tra n o p o rta tio n *117* Looks ond rg n s goad 814 51*o______ __ 
72 P IN TO . 4 speed, a ir. no m oney d o w n , ta k e o v e r p a y m e n ts , 
R gndy. 481 14*2 
72 P IN T O 4 s p e e d , rg n s g ee d 
*99* 14* 2474_____________________ 
73 P IN T O SQ U IR E 
______________211-1141_____________ 
<971 P IN T O , s ta n d a rd w ith air 
C d M O V 4111*47________________ 
74 P in t* W a gon 4 sort d e lu x * trim , lu g ra c k g rig o w n e r, ex cedent cond IO m pg c ity , 2* m g * j n tw ov *1888 *761129 
S a c r ific e ‘ 74 4 -d o o r M a v e r ic k 
I 11288 *14 42*2____________________ 
T ilt 
464 3886 

7 * CUTLA S S S U P R E M E V * pow er, a ir, stereo *149* 341-112*, i 
349-1641 
73 CUTLA S S S U P R E M E , pow ei steering, b ro ke s, a ir, s u p e r, co nd itio n ( I M IS O S !*_____________ 
'74 Cutlass S uprem e C lean, load 
«d, *1*8o 711-169*. 711-4119 ____ 
'74 C utlass S up re m e B ro u g h a m 
V 8, a u to m a tic , p o w e r, fa c to ry a ir , t ilt w h e e l ta p e d e c k 
One ow ner. V e ry low m ile a g e In w a r ro o ty *5)95 W ill tro d e 921 I M I 
‘41 Cuttass S uprem e V I a uto m a he, pow er, fa c to ry a ir, e xcep tion o ily cleon >149* WU tro d e 911 l i t ! 
'7 * C u tla s s S u p re m e 
Y e llo w , b ro w n L an da u lo p 1*o V I, oulo. a ir 
A M F M stereo ra d io 
*44*o 
82116*9 
'74 C u tla s s S u p re m e , e x c e lle n t cond in s id e ond out, lo o ks good d riv e s goad 
C o m * see! 
(14oo 
732 44*4 
_______ 
73 Delta l l R oyale 4 door, 49.ooo m i. v in y l top *2*88 or best o tte r 
11* 1244 
__________________ 
197* 4 D o o r, R e g e n c y , lo a d e d . | h igh m ilea g e. *4 89* 
By O w ner, 
8267*o$ 

 w heel Looded 6*4-11f * 
9*7 

 it Nova body iii very goon dihon **o6 Tony 
8287 2* 1, 
111 

 tw 
111 1176 Oft 6 
7 - I 'o t r , , custom. 117 OOM condition *768 
684 17*7 
I 
Ciievy Wo*a 7 * Pgw gr. a ir . oulo 
1*1. V I *299* 4*1 776* or 21* 1*41 
7} C h ew B a lly Neva IIT1 ce r, ! new c a rt presser* plat# clutch, 
Ih rp w put h e a rtin g New tire s, m ags 
V e ry Ciega 
M u *) s e ll! 
*1*88 A ller 7 9*1 4*88 i i / ! e u i v v v i e r T o ti t r % 
411 1466. 
_________________ 
7* Chevy Veg* H i f*g g « W c W back, a i, stick shift. 
8199*, 
3*4 HIO 
I i t u t VV W So o n T T e iTs "pew * 
B ra k e s . s te e r in g , 
492 2226 I*) 4)21 t i l l * * , 

76 NOVA CONCOURSE 
* door, V -f autom atic, a ir White over yellow 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
*4491 
JAMISON M ir Seguin, 221 *2o1 
' W 
’ nW a ' J J o ir o 'u U m a f r r power air Coil O V 4111447 

?! U ova L oa de d tl48fc n i h i l | ext 7)1 belare S, 655 )o7l arter * 
7) Novo Sri. low milgoBa. m u ll sew Coil atter (am *44 M il 
♦f 8on}ig< to n n e rill, H 
,i ... 
1 Looded less than 288 m iles *788 
349 # 8 4 jflUHTCTM or liflg k ta n j H ilt* 
Cur S pecials 
Come by o r ca ll 
I ? J »»11 Mer schul F lag* 
To ke o v e r p o y m e n ts en 
74 
NOVA Ne equity Call IM 6911 us* tor Fred, after 7- n i t HI 
T o k * o v e r p a y m e n ts en TI 
(•m a re Ne gaudy Call 824 748* ask tor Dennis After I al n it* coli 
S3* 4111___________ 

T o k * ever p a y m e n ts an I * bfava. 
Caw l l * 7*8* ask far 
Attar 
I pl m fg cow 

I s e lls * ANO NUW* 

Dennis 
*86 4111 i i i i v i : A u l* 
U v iu # 
4*62*82 after I PM 
TTTT 

*9 F o rd Falcon W ogon. 6 c y l ctondord, 8658 I 134 1117_______ 
1971 FORO F 1*o 12 ti Van OU tom atic, power a ir. V-8 engine 
Cob rrgggy 411-1448. 

1974 FORD 6AUIXE S2889 
5o4' 2 door Coupe W hile en white. I auto, air 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMB* 
FORO SOUTHSIDE 
1981 S h M ilita ry 912 *317 
1971 FORD G A L A X IE *88. OU tomatic power, air 
Call W oody; 
*11-1468. 
! l l FORD G ALAX), * door sr nap, j 
A u to m a tic , a ir , p o w e r, lo w mileage, * i* ts 111 IM *_________ 
T I FO R D G AL A X 11. * - d * * r . 
Good Cond . *488 149-4*49 tv t* . weekends______________________ 
71 F o rd G a la x y a ir, lo a d e d . I 
Goad cond *1*88 912 144*_______ ll F ord G ranada Won in Con let), a n te d lo sell' *** 86*4 
73 FORO G ron Torino. * door I auto V t, a ir, g o w tr l i l t * 96% financing available._ll * 4416 
Ford LTO. ti A ir. newer de e r my IMO*. 711-9481 sr FORD IT O Excellent interior and exterior, d ir, G reat buy tor only *695 714 8181 
IO F ord LT D *416 l l G a ld d i* 
*796 m «*4l 494 1**8__________ t i F o rd LTO . Oddd co n d itio n . fat* MMU*______________ 
75 F o rd LTO V I nu to m d tlC power, lur le i v err. exteMent cen dihon *1195 . . l l t.p d j t j j H iJ 
47 F o rd L T D 
V in y) re e l, g«r, pewei * l|8 9*4 *418___________ 
•71 FORD L T D . V id e C ru is e r 
Slphgn wagon *16 MI new h r* * lew m il* * * * . E x c e lle n t *189* 
M H S n q fr s in v * 
-■ 

74' i T BIRD Bv owner Stereo. ra d io , lo p * 
C ru is e , die tm - j m ocutdte! *5184 494-2269 atter 4 
JJE ___________________________ 
IO77 T Bird, by owner. 1*88 m il**. 
*168 equity, take up pa ym e n t* 
*9o 3479 a * 1175 Att *_________ 
*4 T BIRD Good condition *4*o or bed offer 712 9471_________ _ 
74 Thuderbird Looded *4788 or bod offer Day* 
149-421); eve* 
816788o. Bauta. i 
‘I t T H U N D E R B IR D , all pow er, air >12*8 Monuel 341 9411 

74 THUNDERBIRD COUPE I 
Fully loaded Im m aculate leather interior ......... 
*4*9* 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
I9QI s w M ilita ry *21 6!17 

•TS T O R IN O , S IM S m i M FLORES 
71 T Thunder bl 11) full power, toe lory air, ext eohenoity cleon 1179* 

T H I M M t i CONT IN S N T A L 
I “ d o o r 
CX VOO M ILES * ! IO* *55 84o6 
Conhnental *71 E xce lle nt c * n /i- 

Hertz Is Selling Quality 
Used Cor* From Our Rental Fleet 
(197* used) t i l l SOUTH TE R M IN AL 
For Intorm otion Colt 179 9**5 
74 OLDS Cutlass Supreme, toke ever p aym ent*, ne e qu ity, call 
John Sump. 1*9-6946____________ 
'67 Old* C u tle t* Geed ru n n in g cor SISO Atter ♦: l l * 2*82 
•71 OLDS Delta »* C udom 4 dr extra clean, ell power, factory air 
*141* tC N financing available 
2164416____________________________I 
19*4 OL O S M O B ILf 
BEST O FFE R ! 144 2211 
Oldsmobile t F in **!! 98 Regency 
4 door, ‘74 Just tu rn e d lf . 866 m ite * 
F u lly e q u ip p e d 
*7 *9 * 
144-8111 or se* W right at Gunn 
Old* (Not o Compony cor I 
74 OLDS 9 pas* wagon, loaded 
SIO** 732 71*1 
____________ 
'88 O ld* R e built d a rte r, valve 
18b New otl pump, more *71 2281 
71 OL OS *8 Red and whit*. 199* 
461 1884, 441 4741 

'7* ASTRE SJ, 4 cyl , out® , power j steering, air, radio W hit* wails, 1 m ao*, 21,ooo m i *779* 735 626* ofter S 
| 
CLEAN l l GRAN PR IX SJ, load rd 46,ooo mi *24o6 or b e t! offer ' 
4*1-4494________________________ 
1972 CUTLASS 4 door 
*1*5o 
44* 4919 j 
Cutlass Supreme 1972 May be m i­ me est in S A. SHOO value firs ! j 
*2195 446 5887__________________ ; 
'71 F ireb ird, air. power, radials. v in y l top, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n , owner *72*o 4*1 417*__________ i i F ireb ird. 4 cyh n d tr. AM F M : radio, standard Good condition j 
626*978 
______________ 

71 F IR E B IR D 
EXTRA CLEAN 449 o144 
, 
‘71 F ire b ird F o rm u la , loaded, beautiful honey comb wheel 
Ut. o741 j 

7 4 F i r e b i r d F o r m u l a 4 o o 
Sacrifice, only 1S.oo6 m i oir, outo. ratty wheel*. AM FM, CB Excel I lent tatoo 144 o*14_____________ 
197* FIR E B IR D , looded Coll O V 
411->447 
F o r P o rt* O n ly ; 
*4 P o n tia c 
Wodan. * cyl 453 *745__________ 
197* Grond P rix C hott* of color*! 
*444* 3411425__________________ l l G P A N O P R IX JST P e r fe c t* cond , >174*. 4*5 5o94___________ 
'74 GRANO PR IX SJ 
I O r., V I. a ir , a u to ., am tm . power SHOO 34) 7342___________ 
'72 G R A N D V ILLE J door excel lent condition. 72* o74) 
'71 O ran P rix J E xceilenl cond . I owner F irst *1*5o take* l f Call 
F ro n t 
122-7129 day* 
475 o94! evening* 

'71 MATADOR, a u to 
*1o9$ 
*9 FORD XL ......................... *945 
7o OLDS, 4 door 
................. t m 
'7o AMBASSADOR, 4 Std . 
S495. ii FORD Wagon .............. 
$49! 
•49 BUICK 
........... 
*195. 
6! C H E V E LLE . 2door . . . . *125 
S M IT H 'S U s e d C a r* 
7o5 S ALAMO___________ 224-9144 

76 SCOUT DEMO 
In tn 'l T ra v e le r Loaded, pow er steering, air, custom in terio r ond e x te rio r W ill tro d e , fin a n c in g available *5ooo 1-179-M il, Berg 
Truck ond Im plem ent co Seguin, 
T x _______________________________ 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 
AVAILABLE 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
92o BROADWAY 
227 5o41 

• NEW TRUCK • 

» DISCOUNT • 

W I W ILL G IV E 

UP TO 2 o % OFF 
ON THE NEW 
I.H. DIESELS 

2,3, & 5 TONS, SCOUT 

 ll, 

& SCOUT TRAVELERS 

We Have In Stock 

I! WE MEAN TO DEAL ll 

JOHNSTON TRUCK 

817-725-6181 

CROSS HAIMS, TEXAS 

*72 IHC CO-4o7o-471 Detroit Tam.... . . ‘ 7 ,5 o o .o o 

5o CT. ACI CAnil TRI........................ 
. . ‘ 7 ,o o o .o o 

39 FT. MOVING VAN - NABORS......... 
. . ‘ 4 ,o o o .o o 

34 FT. MOVING VAN - LUFKIN........... . . . ‘ 3 ,2 5 o .o o 

32 FT. MOVING VAN • LUFKIN.......... . . . ‘ 3 ,o o o .o o 

3o FT. MOVING VAN TRAILMOBIlf .. . . . ‘ 1 ,5 o o .o o 

TONDRE MOVING 8 STORAGE 

7oo7 A V E N U E X , H O N D O , T X . ( 5 1 3 ) 4 3 6 - 3 3 3 3 

 l l D odge IW R W in d o w V a n 
S la n t* *129* Atter 4 *96 1714 
'7 * Dodge p ic k u p A u to. L WB, m ir ro rs , re a r b u m p e r 
M ik e ; 
22/ 9944 otter J 
‘74 Cledge Sportsman AM power 
W ill s a c rific e E x c e lle n t cond 
>4)o8 7168449 
'73 Dodge Sportsmen Royal Van. loaded, nice 441 J?*o 

73 G ran P rix J lo S 1461o71 
Loaded *2988 • 

T H A D E w i n d s A u to S a le s 
•W E F IN A N C E e 
18o1 SW M ILIT A R Y 
92} 27811 
WE BUY SBLL 
USKO CARS ANO TRUCKS 

K I N N E Y M O T O R S 
392* BROADWAY 
*2* 2213 

744 CUSTOMIZED CARS, SPEED 

RACING CARS_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

D U N E BU G G Y w ith tem b a r 
Newly overhauled. VW eng E x ­ c e lle n t on. a tt R oad V e h ic le 
473-4691 or 4761161_____________ 
Ford GT 4o. VW c h a ttit, l l In- i p r l, „ „ t i ope 456 7**7 Oh * 

746 
TRUCKS ft COMMERCIAL 

' RAILES B W S 
_ 

ADAMS TRUCK CO 
NEW and USED 
TRUCK PARTS 
IQM ROOSEVELT 
*315161 
ALAMO W HITE TRUCKS 
■ I* PROBANDT 
116111) 

ARMY TRUCKS 
*64 WD 
A LL SIZES 
BraubXKh Equipment, 716 MS* 
B C O B L L T R A IL E R CO 1*76 
CM** Oui S alt on all Gooseneck 
T rader* is m s Flore* 1 1 6 til* 
■71 B ia ie r Cheyenne, 4 wheel dr. 

( 3 ) 1 9 7 3 A ( I ) 1 9 7 1 
TIMPTf HOFFfl bo herm with 
1o172 fires on budd. good 'orps. br ok *3, eft l l ) 1 9 6 3 flUHUUf HOF* 
FEI bottom, iii goad (ondihon 
$ 5 3 5 o to $ 6 3 5 o 
Als* (7) grain traders and {I) with hops 
We have over TO hucks used 
A mn IN Trucks 
OVfl SO OIH!* HMDS of HIW A 
USED hollers 
Including Foie oilfield, labors, drepdecks. Van A dump hailers 
J O H N S T O N TR UC K a to p * p i ii m w , v m m 
TOU IIH , I (OO 791 1 *4 } 

 ll WANT TO BUY ll 
16/o awd UP USIO OM S it! 
WITH IIC H F TWIN UKW. (TC 
AU SIZES Of WIRCH TRUCKS 
A1So TMK! SAI VAGI 

WI BUT SCU A NUANCE 

WI HAV! OVTI TO I DK KS 
A OVTI AO TIAHiRS 
OR OUI IOT HOW" 
JOHNSTON TVDCX 
CROP* PLAIN*. 
TX ( I 7 711-6161 

75 GRAN PRIX LJ 
Looded b lo t* v e lv e t in te rio r 
$469* 341 *124 eve* 4*8 6198 i; 
: _• .............. i mr. roll bar, $1*95 826*o87 
'71 O ran P rix 
Loaded, signed sta te m e n t lo low m ile a g e owner *6) 1474 

‘ 71 O ld* Regency 4 d r., cM an, loaded *19o8 
74 O ld* Custom 
Cruiser Wagon im m aculate, tow m il**, loaded *4288 Mon th ru 
F r f , I lo * 
714 IH S 
B v t * , when#* 498 2884_______________ 
Wife s cor 

'71 G ran P rix 
Power w indow *, air 11**6 *53 4*38 oft 4 
7* O ra n P rix SJ 
T ilt w h eel cruise. AM PM stereo, >i v in y l top. auto . a ir Silver w ith blue 
HON. 6*3 69o9 I i ! H o rtlin * 
It O ra n P rix SJ 
T ill w h eel, cruise. AM FM stereo, i v in y l lop. a u to . a ir 
Silver w ith blue 
*4**o **3 8989. I i* H orn,ne___ 
4* CTO. body com ple te, g re a t 
Lund Fred 73* 7*7o 
*9 OTO. 
149-8681 
*18*8 or b o ti otter Call 

‘7* Old* 98 Regency 
1-661 4514 I ■ 

 lion I I H ! *11 4128 
‘7* C o ntinental M a rk IV 
W hile with w h it w h it* v in yl loo F ully looded With AM FM tap* Cruise control leather in te rim alum in urn wheal*, eft 11,88* wine* Will s a c rific e M r t i / 5* C an D eus 
Moore 1264311 weekday jJ iMj*__ 
It L in c o ln C o n tin e n ta l Towne 
Caaba, excellent condition, yotlow w ith geld lap, moon root. geld yeider in te rio r, ta lly landed, I owner *9,888 Dayt M i l l 16 eve* 
836H16 
__________ 
L in c o ln C o n tin e n ta l 'I * 4 d r . many extras P a rte d cand ii,O M mag* 4*76499 

73 Old* *8 
Take up paym ent* 
CaH Ralph, *28 *9*9 
'74 OLO* TOMON ADO *1974 
L o a d td 1 Cruise control and a lf 
Like new condition 41S-144I after 
* 3416848 
__________ 
TI Old* Torenodo Geld, white 
Fully equipped, like new I owner 
Law WH I I H ) 6 *« 87*1_________ i i Did* 8*. wiles car, *42! Coil 
1*9 111* ar 4961181 
_________ 
71 Royale, pawer, goad condition 
U lt 4*4-7)18__________________ 
Tako over paym ent* en '71 Cut la s* S uprem e. Ne e a u ity C all 
» l* H H Offer 7 91) 77*7 
___ 
Take aver paym ent* en 72 Cut la ** S u pre m e Ne eq u ity C a ll 
124 1484 ask tor Dennis 
A lle r I pl nil e call 4*6 t i l l __________ _ 
I t VORON ADO t i m 
Im m a c u la te 
S te re *, le a d e d 
SM t i l l evtwMw* 
___ l l Teranadd Leaded, excellent cond New hr#*, in * m ileage 
I owner M u*) sell I *2*9* 1*1 86M 
74 Tar on ade M etallic Mu*, while 
•ap 19,88* m i, loaded. Bk* new 
.ia iB > M 6S o6* l l TOP ON A DO rn H a llie b r ew e 
Low mi. od extra * Cruise Must 

72 LeM an* S poil, auto p o w tr. air low im 21649*4 
_______ l l LeM on* 1*8 Turbo, sir. power 
*1.o86 orig in a l mt. excellent can oiling 67*1719 
1974 Luxu ry LeMan*. extra*, low m ilage 142 *186 
197o PLYM OU TH FUR v loaded 
ASX far Greg m 1466___________ 
'69 PBR#, B onneville 3 doer M T t i l ca in vinyl lea Run* great 
_ *89* 696 M 71, 696 M I * _________ aula 

1969 LINCOLN CO NTIN ENTAL 

 n r ri?’5Ts'iui 

III N U M M I l l 
I* l l * 164 
I x e e ls* AWP 

7* P O N T IA C C a taim a 4 dr arr. pawer. SAIS fin a n c in g ova',a blo 21644)6__________ ti P o n tia c C a ta lin a owner **}> »♦* >4* > 
_________ 
'll P on tia c C o tg im a V C a uto m a he. power (o d o r v a ir. now radial 
•ire *, e ir « p l,o rio n v cle on (M f! 
WM lr ada 911-1881 ________ 
1971 
P O N T IA C 
C A T A L IN A 
I door hor diag automatic power, a ir cia gn Cad W oody 431 M e *__ 
•71 P o n tia c I doer coup* E x c e l 
Nm la d Cdr S I H * i l l 1 7 / 1 _____ 
44 P ontiac E x e c u tiv e dir, paw er stee ring , b ra e # * I d ! 433 *8 76 
•74 Pontiac G rand p r ix V 
I. aa tom atic. power, fa c to ry air, AM 
PM stere o la p p . facto ry, m a g wheel*, one awner Lew mileage 
L ikf hgw IM N BIRI Nflde * » IM I 
| '7 * P o n tia c G ra n d P rix 
Low mileage lo aded is m eauitv and e*»ume t i * * jq; 

89 Pen lia r I eXAan* C otiam S IM 
VA 6dr . arr 
*8*8 ar b o ti offer 
974 / N I Bffur « 
___ 
P antiae LeM a n * hor a i* # Sm all 
V A mr, pawer AM ang inal 
A I 
SIMO firm l i t * C yix*'« 

CENTURY WRECKER SAL BS 
O i*ln b u la r* C e n tu ry W re c k e r* 
1*83 NO ALAM O _______l i t *146 
74 CHEVROLET PICKUP ‘ .ton, 
Au h , LWB. air *7*95 P II / l l * __ 
74 Chay Von lo aded. AM FM lope carpel. bed. Soc m ite 13*9! 
*5 6 3894_________________________ I 
*74 Chee V an lo o d e d , AM FM tape carpel, bed Sacrifice U *V ! 
ASA 1894 ___ __________________ 
It C H E V Y d ia le r , ta k e Over paym ent*, no equ ity, c a ll John 
StffWP M9-4948 
_____________ _ 
71 C H E V Y C U S TO M P IC K U P , 
Ion Loaded. A m Frn lin e s , *i*o 8 t i l o313 AFT 5pm______________ 
74 CHEVY, louden 
*247! 
74 FORD 4 wheel drive 
*2875 
74 FORD r. Ion 4 speed 
*1975 
281 New Laredo Hwy 924 I IH t* C H E V Y P ic k u p , c a b a v or romper Sleep* * w ill te ll leper ole 
78 CHEVY I Ion tla e t, new fir* * 65! M il__________________ 
6 ! 
C H E V Y 
P IC K U P ,M a n com pletely tu tla m u e d . 2*3 V I, air For H*o*e who appl ane le ex reliance l i m i n t BROADWA Y 
111 LM? 
*8 Chevy pickup. >87 V 6. radio, new fire*. H oi box, 45* 7184 c le a n 1 I 
Ii Chow, pickup 
.Ion, sin air, 
^ 
_ 

 ll C hew Siiveiade pickup 5 o88 1 mi tully equipped. *445o 714 41o1 offer 4 I t 
C h a w t u p v a n . st 
W h ite , p re vio u s M a il tr u c k 
(SOO 
SS 
Chovy Wagon w ith OS l l ) ang . 
I I H SI* 11*4, Fred 
.................... 
71 Chevy •< T ere cab. cam per then, run* good. 11388 494 4 341, 
*861179 
74 CHEVY I T S225o 
Lidded 4883 S FLORES 
, 
'74 C H IV Y 'a fan 
I boof ofter. M i- H ll j 
-71 C hew *• fan Craw Cob Pawer brake*, steer me A ir, 4*4 V * OU 1 to . Camper (gel Pkp Aux lank, le a k * and ru n * ra g ) goad 
By I awner *117* Seguin 
I 373 OM* 
; 
49 CHB VY •* Ion pickup, reb Ult! ' 
1 mpchomctdly 828 187)__________ 
'73 C hew A. ton pickup Camper j tB att la w m i lit 6 * 1 !_________ _ 
TI CHEVY WW 
Standard 292 CIO Law m ileage I 
S44VS 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORO SOUTHSIDE 
IH I S W M ilita ry 922 43)7 it Chevy *• ion Standard *7*8 
CBB' W7-78S7 
I SI C H E V Y tru c k . SW E. V I, 
I speed. M IN T c e n d ifip n 
A beauty! 
2219 
Vance 
Jackson 
732-887* 
74 CHEVY VAH 
Air, AM FM, VA p a w led , carpet 
I od 
Law m ile * A geed bay at 
*1*881 4*7-88*4 anybm e 
71. 14’ C haw Van, att alum inum 
I '49 In le rn a titn a l * Ion Van, w ith 
Uh CPR 913 1*73 
I 
74 CHEVY VAN. Beautiful 
Loaded. 24) I t l l _______ 

I ‘74 Dodge I Ion (HI Cube) K ory 
I Van 
Very good cond 
*287* 
I 4*4 4414 j 
; 44 Dodge ’ >1 pick up. oulo. good engine *7o8 342 7**o___________ ; 
■Ti O odga V an, b la c k C u llo m 
I pam f, pow er (le e rin g , b ra ke s, outo, block shag corp*). 879 t i l l > l l D O D G E V a n, c o n v e rte d 
(S IH l l * o74) Jerry, t om «pm 
'74 Dodge Von Custom in terior excellent buy! >419* *96 8488 __ 
*8 DODGE Van. aood ru n in g ! cand *49* 184 C yril *53 3422 
DUE TO ILLNESS 74 DODO* I ' 
Mn K o ry Van 
V I, aulo, power | 
•leerin g, oir < onditioned 
71 In i le i national * cylinder, aula Irons. radio, heater 
71 FORD FIS* V t engine, aula, radio, hooter, stereo with 9 track. Explorer Package , til-7 8 6 * . 
' 
'7* El C am ino C lassic. V I. nu loon,In power lac lo ry air. lo lt al e x tra *' Like new *299* W ill I roo# 
911-1881 j 
' f i IRL C A M IN O CLASSIC 
A ll I power, air, very clean 12.ooo m i* 
M u*! SOH *179* *» | 214/________ 
71 EL CAMINO, law m ileage nu lo, air, power. Good cond , *189* 1 
731714*________________________ 

7 1 E L C A M IN O 
Super Sport 
*11o*o4, S II ASM 
74 E L C A M IN O , to k e a v e r p aym ent*, no eq u ity, c a ll John 
Shmp. 149 4948_____________ 
74 F-188 C u sto m 
V I , a u la 
*199* Vary cleon Will lake trode 
SOO at 818 UMP Kl 111 1771 

F E B R U A R Y S P E C IA L S ' 
*9 F O R D '»l a c y l 
*1o9! it M ERCURV 4 d r m c* 
*149! 
*9 DATSUN Pickup 
*1o95 
41 FALCON Pickup 
*79! 
44 FORO Pickup 
*7*5 
44 FORO Pickup »T 
*495 
EASY TERMS 
VAIL S Used C or* Truck 
3421 NOGAL I TPS_______ 914 4444 
74>25o FORD $4498 
Fully lauded Auto air E x ira gat tank 
H E M P H ILL MCCOMBS 
FORO SOUTHSIDE 
I 
IH I S W M ilita ry 911 411/___ 
I 71 F o rd C lub W aaon 9 p a t* , very goad c ond *77o8 911-411* 
Ii FORD C o urier P icku p , a ir, 
* *12*8 111-61*7__________________ 
7o Ford Crow Cab power and air, 
A l condition * » * * 913 1881 
It Ford Custom F 1*8. 144 aute. 
' air, pawer, radio. LWB, M crfice 
SAIF! OSE 8 6 9 * 
_ 
74 Ford Custom pickup Sac rifle# at *1788 *16 4 
1 
* 7 
_________ 
75 FORD DISPLAY VAN 
I B A R G A IN ’ 4 c y l , 188 png , p e w it , a u te . i m T M 6 -tra c k , c a r p e l, m a g w h e e l* 
E X C E L ­ 
L E N T co n d itio n I *41*5 1717 * W 
M a n g e y . F II 4385 9 I p rn _ 
_ 

I i FO R D K ie n a lin a V a n , la k e ewer p a y m e n ts , ne e a u ity c e ll 
7ann Shmo. 149 494o 
[ l l FO R O E X P L O R E R , L o a d e d 
(MVO ll * *541, 494 245o 

LARGE 
AUCTION 
TRACTORS A 
TRADERS 

Thursday, 
February 24th 

1o:oo AM. (CST) 
DAUBS, TIXAS 

WISTWOOK TRUCKING 
EUGENE AUEN TRUCKING daves a n i l co. 

Sole Silt 
North Holiday Inn el 
o HE Airport. Hwy IU A (tfirt load 
115 TRACTORS 
CONVENTION*!! 
Two— 1877 
? .> e W h 
SSO 
Cummin* Onex Is lemurs. Less 
Olpe IO.©no th irty — 187* Din, le /O Pa- lerhRls ken UT orth* 
WSH* f l i p * aln u s Me ski. DI ens ond god: 9*o. Abri, lf© . I l l , M 
Cummin#, « }> . t it . 27o Cwt , 
Mtixtdyne, Ic e *** 

CABOVIRS lig h t— IOTA thru 
1*7o 
Fe lo*6 o *. . too. I S I Cummin*. 
S I* Ce tx , jc row*. 
Twenty — 1o75 thru 
1o7o 
Non worth*. 
4oo 
3*o, l i t ben errs 1 1 1 Cwt*., 5 wow*. 
Thirty— 1o78 thru 
1oo6 frx l^ im n w t. BAC, 188. M B. 
- 
' 
A is 
Cwt* , i i A 

 rr,- 

Twenty-Two— I ETI 
1*7o IMC '*, 
Uter*i t 

*o . 8 8 *. 2oo 78o 
I i Behew*. Ss rn WX 

8o TRAILERS 
Tw enty Tww— 1677 
1o7o Xweter* OeMert B 
A x e l r 
UtlU.y 
Tnrwhnsd 
A l' I 4o 
F o rty— 1874 thru 
1868 
*t» „i*p x 
U«#xteekx, 
Pot* 
A xhwhew drop ««ox9o»hx • Mo*- m r, W h m . Hykki. fanxh- -* 
A r, FO . *1 , 64'. 4 8 ! d . 
. 

Hwhtoon- - 187 9 6 1874 bou- hfo He ne XI k e n x m , lim ,u h ! groin* A >1 e lh i dx . M en Ut. n x x k x A Fmehnsd 

•W T I OE CAU NM 
COfBFUrt 8RoO4UBI TO, 

TAYLOR A 
MARTIN INC. 
Auctioiiaars f o . B ox J 4 9 

 frttiM M il, N o b ra tk a 6A o2S 

Phi 4o2/721-45oo 

A O I/727.1 PPO 
4 4 2 /7 2 / l i l t 
4o2/727-6181 

Momox HUI t>.*k Wlb ort 

C A LL 
•ll CHEVY VAN 
6*5 2111 
________ 

61 CHEVY PICKUP 
V I, o u to m a tic 
M o b fir•% a n d w h e e l* 
$595 mm l l CHEVY PICKUP *18*8 
Ned and w h ile C ustom D e lu x e 
Agio power, arr 
**.888 m ile * 
41* *959 ___________ 
___ 
7! C h o y p icku p SWE. power 
(le e rin g , air auie . *1491, day* 
137 6881 e t* * 4964116 
__ 
It C h o r OK tu p 
* WH' O' a ir , power 
AM PM. fro n t and roof kum bot* with Brush guard* 
Hiding roar window mag wheel*. 
ON terrain h r** m .888 m i. t i l Hi 
A O n I AEA SS11 
1974. C h o w S ilv e ra d o B la c k 
L e ft af e e lrg t la w a rranty imtmmi . 

7* CHEVY VAN. fully eaumged. 
Custom .M in o r w ith TV. *8256 
! » Timgovs. l ?> 2812 
It ChovT window Van, V I, a u ­ tomatic, air 
Very clean 
8*69*. t i l m t 
________________ 
It DATSU N P i(k u p . 4 *p *« A , ! 
•landard. exlra clean t i l * * Man ag) 361 84TI 
O oisun p icku p , 
73 l l ( | l l * * i 
C g m p«r new r a d ia l* 
B e ip w 
Bad* *2)88 224 7T)> ASI *825 it O 168 D a da* T r u c k , LW B , 
7,7*8 a ctu s) m il# *, a ir, pow er broke* heavy duly radiator and dumper *2*88 ar best O lton Off * pm l l * 48)1 : 
7* DODGE Ciao Cab. cam per 
Leaded Soc n in e ' *4/88 224 67*1, j M y * T a a . j i f f * 
___ 
'7A Dodo* Good Tim e* Van Air. 
AM PM, H o o d ie * CE. VA. auld cols of c ilia * G ehtng m o n ie d m u# te d I 
*4oo8 
I AIS 21*9 gnykm * 
CAI! t i s 1446 

'74 Ford E x p lo re r, V I, le a d e d , 
*1.7*8 At I-4991_________________ 
75 Ford E xgM rer Leaded' *4195, 
? i i H » ________________________ 
49 FORO P l*6 . aula a ir 597! 
Mongol H I W ) 
_ 
It Ford F-188 RKkup IW B . wiTn cover, air. radio. I owner *1388 
*71-1483 
_____________ _ 
71 F e r d PI SO p ic k u p 
G o o d cond must sod e l b o ,gum p ric e ) 
*1388 I t it Vtj. I 98* 1/59 
FORO '71. PISA. I Ton. V I. o ulo . m r. oil motel hotbed. gtM seneck h o o k u p 
*2 1 1 6 
K e m p * C ity 
7883664 eve* t i F O R O P ickup. * overhauled Tiros, ok 
Sun l l * p rn 715 9844 

44,8o6 m i 
5564 Sal 

44 F o rd P ic k u p 
*458 m S U L 9 H r .H l J!* ..____ 
C p u 

FORD PICKUPS 
71 P 158. *1 ton. fonder to o l b o x **, automatic YI, |I/S 6 
71 F-tAA. ton tender b e s e t, s ta n d a rd V E *17*8 
Con Tem M cC ub* i l l 4311 M on 
F r i 
6 5^ G e ra rd M a c h in e r y * 

•ll Pard P ickup new, V I, aulu, 
B»r^ pw xuom M uq x i edie. **69. 

S4 F o rd pit awe Geed c o n i” * ! # t i l M l) a tta r * _________ ____ 
’ * * F O R D pie h u g , LW E (Ta"’, 
M id iU h b g j f r ) i) 8 8 *31 1)8* 
I * n i l* * awn w i l t 

 l l f a r t N o n c n e ro GT 
F e w e r b ra k e * , t le e r m q 
A ir , A M P M s te re *. M c lu r , (ac 
A ll a u u a e *. b ucke t te a t*, fu lly ca rp e te d W ide m u g * L g l* of c h ro m e 4 K c *t» d ri*» o n e n g in e 
B y o w n e r 
1 1 1 /5 
Segu in 
I 3/2 OM I 
_ 
_ 
I t F O R O R a n g e r I I I . 1*6 V I. a ulu a ir. 
P aw er, d u a l la n k * 
492 2*88 
. 
•IS F o lio R A N G E R X L T 
*4458, bes! u tte r ,41 3911 
197* P a rd R a n g e r K IT 
F I I I 
' 13,888 m n * * 
F u lly lo a d e d w ith 
I c r m i* c e n tra l 
A ir c o n d itio n in g 
P o w e r s te e r in g 
486. V I 
Im m a cu late co n d itio n W ill s a c rific e lu r *4 .9 8 6 641-4281 w e e k d a y * 
, goio re * l l 

67 F o rd Super V on. 4 c y l, tlg n d a rd radial tiro * , mags. CB a ir, in s u la te d o nd p a n e le d , C u llo m sea** *1.288 ASA I M I ____________ 
13 F O R O i M n p ic k u p , L W B , 
OUM c ir, e x tra m c* 611-i t l l 

72 FO R D ** tam. p ic k u p 
4 speed *1495 441 451) ___ 
It FO R D 11 M n 6 tM n d o rO vet * clean |)I5 8 M o no n 141 * 413 s t FO R D Tx ion V E 4 speed *995 
C a i 6 *1 * * n ___________— 
— 
4 * 7 o RO 
V an':"""* C yl" ' * td " , eon* ted c a rp e l. now p u n t 
92) IIM 
34 lf Goosonecfc fiu iie r I 1 IP ll bed *295o 532 4151 
__________ 

74 GMG P ic k u p , ult pew *. 
4 888 

It GMG Pickup, oulo 
(21/174 a ir 
*795 

I t G M G S ia r r g C tg s s ic 
F u ily tacH4>o*d w ith ta t arar camper 

HH GMG Sierra G RANOB, 
52,888 688 16/1 ta tty 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 13 1977 

7o2-726 mimmmm 7o2 726 FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 8o1 • CAMPERS TRAILERS 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

USED V O L K S W A G E N S 
76 VW BUS automatic air, radio one owner 
76 VW RABBIT mS K .".. autom at*, an 
A M /EM Sum cot 
75 VW SUPER 
74 VW low mileage, standard 
'74 VW BUS ISSST-i. standard extra clean 
71 TOYOTA automatic, air 
73 VW 

71 VW CAMPER air conditioning 
'7o KARMANN GHIA 5, hardtop. 4 8 ,o o o original m iles standard. A M /F M stereo radio 
Classic ............................................ 
*1895 

O ve r IOO n e w & used cars in stock. 

S A L IS OMEN E ta 8 
- SER V IC I 7 »• * 
PARTS O P E N SAT A U O A T 
S ta r VOLKSWAGEN 
33o3 B'oadway - 824 73 1 T 

• USED CARS SPECIALS • 

TRAVELTOWN 
TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST 
TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 

★ over IOO Unit! in Stork 

AUTHORIZED SAUS FOR: 
HOLIDAY 
RAMBLER. 
PROWLER, 
NOMAD, 
VENTURI. 
SI ARC RAFT, 
HOLIDAY, DIAMOND. JAMBOREE 
MINI-HCMES 

96oo IH 35 N. 
653-6711 
Across from Howard Johnson’* 
9 ’til dork, Mon.-Ffi. 
9-4 p.m. Sat. 1-5 Sundays 

8o2 MOTOR HOMES SALESHOT 

F IR E B A LL M ini-M otor home on 
Dodge 3*o-22’-22,8oo miles. Stereo awning, power steering, brakes, a ir, auto. Extended wheel base. 
Queen bed. Self contained. E x ­ c e p tio n a l c o n d itio n . S96oo. Bv owner. No trode Ins. 923-8451 
2o’ FORD Motor Home 38,o9o mf 
Coll otter 5pm. Cleon. 337 5o72 

UMC Motor Homo Rental 
Daily and Weekly Rates 
PHONE 
461 7212 

Motorhome Rental: Sleeps 4 S14o week + IOC mile. 6SS-2252 
OPEN ROAD 26’ Dodge Chos- extra cleon. *795o. 
'74 sis, low mi. 
921-7174 
74 Open Road 22’ M otor Home, 
Low Mileage, F ully eauipt Exc. condition, sleeps 6. E venings A wkends. 344-8726. 
RAHMBERG RV CENTER 
Motorhomes, Travel T railers and Tent Campers. 455-o251 

’76 FREE SPIRIT 
CLOSEOUT! 
O N LY 4 LEFT 

$ 2 3 o o . 
$ 4 : 

’75 RX-4 4-door, 
4 speed, radio, a ir... 2 6 9 5 

’74 MAZDA Pickup 
A speed, radio 
*2195 

’74 BUICK Luxus, loaded 
'2995 

’73 FORD /? Ton Pickup, 
6 cylinder, radio . . . . *2 1 9 5 

’73 OREL GT 4 speed, radio 
. . . . ’ 2 6 9 5 

’74 RX-4 Station Wagon 
4 speed, rodio, a ir... ^ 6 9 5 

’73 FORD Vi Ion Pkkup. 
V8, radio.....................2295 
’71 BUICK Sport Station 
Wagon, looded...............1495 
’69 FIREBIRD t cyl­ inder, loaded 
*1 79S 

’72 TOYOTA Mark ll 
Station Wagon, outo mafic, air, radio . . . . 2 1 9 5 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
9 5 o o San P o d ro 
3 4 1 - 1 3 5 6 

1 2 o o . 
T R A V E L T O W N 
TEXAS, INC. 
94oo IH 3SN. 
453-4711 across from Howard Johnsons 
9 ’til dark, Mon.-Fri. 
9-4 p.m. Sat.; I -5 Sun. 

REVCON 25’ 
Olds Toronado front wheel drive. 
43,ooo m iles. A ll alu m in u m con­ struction. 
One of the finest! 
492-2636 

8o4 BOATS, MOTORS to u rn a m e n t Boss T1s1?ermon“ 
F ully loaded 18tt. Red and White 
F a lco n , IlS h p E v in ru d e , 12-24 
M a g n u m t r o ll, 2 lo c a te rs . 2 live w e lts, 3 sw iv e l seots, D illy tro lle r. 494 13o5, 349-o612.________ 
Used Fiberglass Yachts 
B e rtra m 25-28-31-44, H a tte ra s 
34-3o-41; c a l 27-34. OTHERS 8o7 
S a n d o ila r, R o ckp o rt, 729-1ooo; 
Corpus C hristi, 859-212o_________ 
V 156 Shoreline G lastro n-lra ile r, 
5o HP E vinrude,’74 69o-9237 
W A N T E D , 
G A L V A N IZ E D 
TR A ILE R tor 16 ft. boat 673-6698 

9o1 B U S T O EQUIPMENT 

72 SHASTA Motor Home 17*y 
STAHMANN TR A ILE R SALES 
IH IO. 3 Mi. north of Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 127, S A phone 224-2426 
OPEN SUNDAY 12-5 P M 
SIGHTSEER, 73 6 5 o'nan. tw in roof air, etc. Best otter. 654-24o5; 
341 o5o9 eves_____________ 
•73 Storcrott. Self contained, 22’ 
A ir, generator. 
I 42o-2896 

8(16 S P O T O COTS 

6un Show Feb. 17 and I >. m r; of the M u n ic ip a l A u d ito riu m B a­ sement. Buy Sale-Trade and Dis­ play Open 9 a m s i.OO admission. 
H u n tin g p is to l, th o m p s o n con- te n d e r, 3o-3o, new le u p h o ld scopes, 518o 691 1o53____________ 
Over 1ooo Guns to Choose from 
B U Y -S E L L —TRADE 
Am erican Loon Co._______ 
Remington 3o o6 bolt action rifle, 4 pow er W eaver scope, w ith sling and earring case. Used verv little, excellent cond. SISO 342-6732. 
S M IT H , w fe s s 6 fl, A N D CO LT 
R E VO LVE R. I Buy, Sell, Trade 
Henry Tindall Guns, 341 o119 

WITTIG’! 
WAREHOUSE SALE 

New Desk fro m 
199 
New flies from ................ $54 
New steno choirs from.... $34 
New Exec choirs from $49.5o 

Also Used Furniture 
124 Jon Ann Street or 
IH IO at Celebre, 734-559o 

A lt S o le r C o sh a n d C o rry 

Complete groups of attice fu rn i­ ture. Call 8-4, 22S-S746. 

 t i 
B 
M 
M 
H 
U 

DOGS— PETS 

938 i m 
MTS BIROS PCTI 
936 M fiK A T M IM B PAS 

(9 1 4 J J T ! j ^ 
JIA ANTIQUES 

51o,ooo or ofter. 

 neve r 

Alaskan Camper, 8’ over cob A l condition 
515oo 
658 2956 atter 
5pm 
__________ 
1975 A pache E o gle 4oo,' used, 51195. 1o23 Fabulous 
ARISTOCRAT 
TR AVE L TR A ILE R 
The choice of the quality buyer 
RAHMBF.RG R V. CENTER 
2271 Austin Hwy 
655 o251 

Want To Buy M otor Home. Any 
Make 
Ady 
Model. 
658-7661, 
656-7119 
71 W ILLIAM SCR AFT M ini m otor home, self contained. Less than 
45,ooo mi. Good condition Sleeps 
6, sto ve w ith o ve n , re f w ith tre e ie r. Bathroom w ith shower, plenty of space in cabinets Many more extras! Bargain, 55975. By owner, 653-4614 
76 Winnebago 23’ Ih ie fto n Fully loaded 657-2795 

8o8 MUHIC 5 F I C 

^ ^ •T iT rS T ^ T v v m d ^ 'w s T Y Io o 'r^ 
Id e a l fo r C o m p in g s to ra g e ! 
824 2487 O H 4pm ________________ to s t for Rainbow T rout, lim ited time, reservation 695-8111 

Complete set up tor Fast P rinting shop, fo r sale. E q u ip m e n t and fix tu re s lik e new. Save T H O U ­ 
SANDS of SSS. P rincipals only. 
828 19o3___________________ 
Copier Pitney Bowes 262, 5975 or 
Pick up Lease pmts. of 546.6o. 3oo 
Breesport 349-39o3______________ 
; Custom bor-9 stools, com bination g ift coun ter and cash re g is te r cabinet, 4 com partm ent stainless 
! steel sink, some tables and chairs. 
M B Chocon, 828-5661_________ 
J Dirtophones, 2 transcribers. All 
. have been under service contract. 
T o ta l P ric e 57oo o r w ill s e ll separately. 732-5136. 

8o4 BOATS. MOTORS 

AVION 
Travel T ra ile rs M otor Homes 

TRAVELER'S WORLD 
2617 ROOSEVELT 
532 6o61 

746 - TRUCKS & COMMERCIAL I 748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 
BARGAIN 

TRAILERS, BOSES 

'73 GMO SIERRA 
Pickup Loaded 52ooo 518 West 
Avenue 735-o321 
________ 
’73 OMC. 6 standard 521oo coll 
Jim. 661 4511___________________ 
'74 GMC Step Von 
I ton 539oo 
Good co n d itio n . Low m ile a g e 
724 o7o5, 776 SCS* 
_________ 
74 GMC Window von, extra nice, new plates. sticker 
$4795 
1-751-7941____________________ 
GOING OVERSEAS. MUST SELL 
•72 Ranchero 341-2998 or 34? 89o3 
GRANDE FORD TRUCK SALES 
IH IO and W W White Road 
661 4171___________ _ 
76 In ternatio nal Loadster UDO, 
25,ooo miles, a ir conditioned, ex cellent condition, has 
2o box, 
226 5526 
__ 
66 INTERNATION AL. 1 I ton steo van, lust right tor a business or camper 565o 534-4445 
_ 

International Trucks 
715 Sieves Ave__________SIS 5471 
1971 Inlet national T ravelog— v t, 
AC, radio, PS, PB, new b a tte ry and brakes, tow m ileage, good condition $18oo 494 6532_______ 
71 INT L T RAVE LAL L 
4o- FLOAT, 734 4648 

 l l S uzuki sod, F a irin g tru n k , radio, croshbars. E xcellent con­ dition. 623 5ooo_________ ________ 
74 Suzuki GT 75o W indiam m er, lug rack 13,178 m i., $1525 or bes! otter 226 2738 
73 YAMAHA 36o CC Enduro d irt bike 55oo, best otter 654-83oo 
•74 Yomoha 4 o ) Enduro B rand new cond ! 58oo 655-4828 

1974 25 W ID E W O RLD T ra v e l 
T railer. Like New Center Batch, 
Double Bed. Carpet, A ir, Reese 
Hitch, A SCS 
Much More 5525o 
532 1958________________________ 
I Camper 8 ret double bed, toble, 
! cabinet, like new 56oo 499-o78o 

72 YAMAHA IOO 
Excellent cond . 525o 494 $487 
YA M A H A 35(1, 1973, good condi hon 57oo 435 84)o eves__________ 
Tom aho VO T ra ilb ik e . p o rte d . runs perfect, street access, 5225, 
I Att 4 433-3758___________________ 
73 Yamaha TX 65o. Pristine. 75oo mi 69oo 684 2214 
76 Y A M A H A YZ 125, Cleanest, 
Cheapest in 
Town! 
225-1518 
David 

75o 
WANTED AUTOS. TRUCKS, 

IRAIKRS. WOTBBCYCtiS 

•68 IN T L 
661 4511 
Travelog 514oo call 

‘72 Int l Travelog, 192. am tm 8 track stereo 38,ooo mi, new tires 
53ooo 344-7727 oft 5___________ _ 
‘74 In tn t p icku p loaded, good tires, low mi 6)895 97? o)84 
INTN L 73 11 ton pickup LWB. license, sticker $165o 333-3744 
3974 JE E P HONCHO S a crifice 
658oo 
B o nk Poy o ft 
C u sto m 
Compar shell with pass thru wm dows into cob am tm stereo au­ to m a tic, cru ise c o n tro l, pow er steenna. air conditioning, bucket seats, extra low range 4 wheel 
533-5764 otter 5pm weekdays 
*76 JEEP Wagoneer 4 WD. 17.8oo m iles Auto o ir. power brakes, 
Steering AM EM stereo ra d io 
Hi-Lo range 
565oo 735-3641 or 
684 757o________________________ 
LARGE ASSORTMENT LATE 
MODEL HEAVY DUTY 
DIESEL TRUCK TRACTORS 
HOFFER TRUCK CO 
1 79* 3254 
IN TE RN A TIO N AL TRUCK 
SALES AND SERVICE 
PO Box 411 H a lle ttsville.Tx 
M UST S E LL l l F o rd P icku p . au tom atic, a ir. pow er steenna. 
LWB 
614oo 
Call 
John 
Silva 
227 7511 

Buy Junk Cars Iron Etc 
Aorco 927 3211 43J 2o3o 
Cosh tor clean cars and truck's. 
L o rry Cannon Auto Sales 
I 543o San Pedro 
828-6355 
COMET TOW S E R V It E 
) We buy m ilk cars, pay top cosh! j 433 54o1. 6o7 S Gen M cMullen 

Money-Money-Money 
For your cor or truck running or 
'not Any condition Call anytim e, 
! 337 4746________________________ 

PRY TOP PRICES 
For wrecked cars ond Trucks 
A l AUTO PARTS 
222 IOU 

CAMPER TR A ILE R 16' 
Self eontoined, coll: 655 1632 
CLO^E OUT SALE, 197* 
CAMPING TR AVE L TRAILER S 
K C 
TRAILERS 
5396 up 
71o WEST 
AVE 
735 3931 
75 Coachman l l ’ Truck dam per. 
Self Contained with A ir, Shower, 
Toilet, Stove, R e frig e ra to r, Etc. 
53ooo 655 3o98 
T i 
C O A C H M E N 
C a b o v e r c a m p e r. 8 'r ', s e ll e o n to in e d . 
6325o 923 7174 
24 FT M O B ILE SCOUT T ra ve l 
T r o lle r . C o m p le te ly s e lf-c o n ­ taine d, a ir, c e n tro ! heat, used very little I 569 3o76____________ 
1971 ISH trave l tra ile r, fully self- eontained. I 538 2169 
HE IM ER CAMPER SALES 
Son Antonio's Exclusive 
COACHMEN DE ALE R 
H E IM E R M akes Coachm en A f­ fo rd a b le ! 
T r a ile r s , 
T ru c k 
Campers, Motor homes 924 8336 
3379 S W. M ilita ry, W of Somerset 

’QUICK CASH* 
N u TRUCKS R 
CARS AND TRUCKS RU NN IN G 
OR NOT! 
226 2245 
SELLING YOUR CAR » 
H i p ric e s p a id fo r c le a n cors Trucks, etc. 222-1342 

III he o lth fo rc e s sole H o lid a y 
R am bler 
Like new A ll hitches and e x tra s 25’ in sid e 
65,ooo 
Alaskan Camper fits 8 bed Also 
S u baru s ta tio n w a gon 
3o.ooo miles I 257 843o_________________ 
69 KIT Companion 22 
STAHMANN TR AILER SALES 
IH IO, 3 mi north of Boerne 
RT 7 BOX 127,__________________ i i ' Kounfry Air, 5th wheel 
VITT 
575oo 474 247Q, 6147 Elm Volley 
Low p ro file 16' S lo rc ra ft tra v e l tro lle r, excellent 135 Dawnview 

T i YEARS 

 experience; 
ETHICS: 
A 
Proven 
SF*VKI, 
PROVEN brands 
IVINRUOI, 
COMA, 
GLASSMASTIR. (((GATTA, lompro, 
Richline, lancer/Hellion, Old Town, 
Starfish 
B See PfRHCTfD boots 7ft 24ft, outboard ?hp 2oohp, inboards 12o 
23Shp 
35 IVR 
(JMCEVINRUDE- 
Johnson), MerCruiser (OURS have 
CHIVY or FORD engines), Don t 
? amble future parts, trade-in value 
OURS all paid at max winter S, 
NOT factory Moor planned for YOU to absorb 
OURS have SHUNG price tags w OUT salesmen com mission. W I offer finance/insurance w- OUT dealer cut 
o: See sensible SAU hfw< hunt* • plain,' plush, looded, ski rigs, 
CABINS: streamlined or stand-up 
Get PROOF ride 
STAMUTY cig zagging pulling skiers, 3 adults upstairs’ at flybndge controls w/doren al dinette, bunks, stand up SHOWER, legal pony, kitchen or att fish/camp porch 
I Used $595 $595o RANK rates, prepay w/OUT penalty 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway at 4th PARK (RU 
SO marine years In S A. 227 2112 
_ 
V 6 p m Thurs Mite 9 p m 
V 
Closed Sot j 

MOBILE CAMPER 
Mid Jet, 7 x IO single axle, 15 in tires, sink, stove ond re frig e ra to r 
Good cond 575o 495 9218 

NEW and USED Bumpers Light weignt to heavy duty For all sues 
Of pickup trucks 924 4551-2o2 New 
Laredo H w y___________________ 

PERFORMANCE VANS 
OF AMERICA 
Custom A cce sso rie s fo r va n s. 
Pickups. M ini Trucks. RV S 
Bedman Headers complete 65o 96 
1o7?? Perrin Bettel_____ 656 866o 
‘41 
P L Y M O U T H 
D U M P 
T R A IL E R , 2oyds , good co n ., 
627oo 413-5635__________________ 
65 Pontiac 2 door, hardtop 569$ 
Colt 227 7857 ________________ 
RARE * WD SUBURBAN 
1974, tulty leaded new custom wheels and tires, high m ileage, means low price! 82* o8*9 

TOP MONEY PAID! 
For your Cor. or Truck Runmnq or not! Any condition, also Junks. 
| 922 3838 
____________________ 

USED CARSCIEAN 
SMITH CHEVROLET 
1221 BROADWAY_______ 223 4281 
I W A NTE 6 
Jeep W agon t ar Iv 
| 195o s m odel Cond of d riv e lin e not im portant <95 8o79__________ 

•W E BU Y* 
JUNK CARS TRUCKS 
A s k ^ F o r ^ ^ C o r in e ^ 4 3 5 - 2 lo J 

754 TIRES parts accessorius 
*2 I m EVY B<5DY. 62oo 327 Mf 
TOR, 65o CALL 
283 C hevy t ngTbe 

MO 
333 5594 
C o m p le te . 
Needs O verhoul 545 537 7549 
Completely re b u u tT il- i o r HW 1 7 
Also 3o7 

SAN ANTONIO TRUCKS 
SALES A SERVICE 
MC DIAMOND REPO P fcT LR B IL lw 1o______________ 9*1 45)1 j «5 Falcon wrecked, all parts good 
SCHOOL Highway Diesel Buses I 6125 923 28o1 

Chevy A ll new p o rt! 
Chevy eng 922 245o____________ 
C yclone h ea ders. H ooker m uf- tiers TRW com , hydraulic lifters 
AU S till in box 
349 1939 a lte r 5 p rn 
Thurs., 
F rl; all day weekends 
DRIVE IN tftu C K U lV A G E 
PICKUP TRUCK PARTS 
I 2o2 Laredo Hwy 924 6551, 924-4552 f N gTN' ?~ for~ 7 3 "ku'.'flT fc lee lr o. 
6175 432 496) 

MUST BE SOLD 
|3| STH WHEEL TRAILERS 
J3) TRAVEL TRAILERS 
SOME N E W '! Your choice H N S 
TRAVEL TR A ILE R CENTER 
42oo Roosevelt a i Stinson Field 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
$188 
I 7171 Austin Hwy 
6S3 o885 
1 74 P ro w le r 
1 3 '; t i . sleeps I. 
I S185o 69o 144o evenings 
74 P ro w le r 
13' , It sleeps 5 
, 6185o Coll 49o 164o eves _________ 

76 PROWLER 24' j 
I 
STAHMANN TR A ILE R SALES 
IH IO, 3 mi. north of Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 124. S A Phone 224 2426 
OPEN SUNDAY 12 5 P M 

~ RAMBERG 
BV CENTER 
E xclusive Dealer For 
VENTURE Tent Camper 
Bv Starcratt 
CASTLE ON VI 

 e (REI Bool Troller e (REE Accessories e HUE Bemole Controls 
Pius va*#* HyncWtKH O* Oo!*«r% n 

■ ANO O l M ARINI 
' l i t AAodel Clowovf 
Boot ti] 
■ ANOOL cot Ria Sc 
M ARIN I 

AAA SfRVICf and 
St I in Soles 
You Can't Betif th# le s t! 
So 4*^ th** h«?$» o*»a* you 
Th«»n st * RANDOL M A R IN I in* so** 

W e Ruy and Sell Used lo a fs Motors, fro tle n 
So. Don t Oamtii*' 
SHOR RANDOL 
Yow vc Tried the f e l t 
N ow Try the UST!!! 

“R a t t c U l 

Sole* A Sarvke 
I 2 o 7 W . H ild e b ra n d 
7 3 2 -8 2 3 3 

H IL L COUNTRY 
3o ACRES 

Mony deer, turkey, 575o down p a y m e n t 
51 1 5 76 p e r mo 
Owner financed. Coll 734 9363 

Seasonal deer leose available now 
In hill country, eves 474-8166 
4 ton R am sey e le c tric W in ch , 
64oo 927 2242. 

8 1 o -MOBILE HOMES SALE 
Vt ACRE 
15 m inutes N orth of N o rth Star 
M ali. Oak trees, good soil. H ill 
C o u n try . U tilitie s a v a ila b le . 
52,195, *195 dow n, *4o.56 p e r month for 5 years, 8% in te re st 
494 3419 o r 
342- 18o8 
LA 
KECROFT REAL ESTATE 
AOD-A R o 6 m , Custom Built, Del 
Terms, 923-4346 

D ro ft Beer D ispensers. P e rlick 
2-keg, 2 spout w ith com pressor, 
*399 so. 4-keg, 4-spout w ith com ­ pressor, 5549 Both rn excellen t condition 1131 Basse Rd. 733 7367 
D R A F T IN G T A B L E , 72x38in 
L ik e new c o n d itio n . D ra ftin g 
Stool B lueprint and map cabinet 
1131 
Basse 
Road, 
733-7367, 
734-3o81 
For ALL f t l w and U$ED Kitchen 
Equipm ent and Supplies. See 
Levinson Restaurant Supply Co. 
19oo Son Pedro_________ 733 o93) 
IO it F a b te x m o b ile p la tfo rm 
735 9137, 8 3o till 5 3o____________ 
Hospital ite m iz e rs , one electric, one gos 341-8228________________ 
2 hot water heaters, 36,ooo BTU. 
W ater softener, 25 lb 
Big Boy. 
Huebsch 3o and 5o lb. d ry e rs . 
U tility units 
White conveyor. 
824 86o5. 

Reduced Prices! I 
B g c o rn** w ith A n tig o * * o f L e ttin g V a tu* a t la s t th a n coat a i 
N e w fu rn itu re to d a y ... 
» ta o w w h stan d*. 
A n . ro u n d ta b ia , d re sser* . 
.m o lt ro u n d 

O a k : 

M a h o g a n y : p in e a p p le bi 
V ic to ria n ba. tat. 
Pieta**, armoire*. m irror*. Many athar choko 

J O H N ’ S A M T K N JK S 

1 1 3 3 Brooklyn A v a . 
2 2 7 - 3 6 o o 
8 A M ta A PM Sat. Thru Too*. if r f r R P frfrU t 

A m erican 
A n tiqu e Auction tmmdmf, to t* 13, I P.M. 

I m l. la s t o f R a n d o lp h A P I 
M o lls O a t o o n H w y . 7 | . 
I v e r y th in g fro m O a k fu rn i­ tu re to th e co n te n t* o f 
1 3 9 o ’t b la c k sm ith shop. 

 s o ld re g a r d le s s 

MAXWELL BANK 
O f ANTIQUES 
6 5 8 - 1 2 6 4 
A u c tio n e e r J O H N B A R N iS 
TxGC-77-o293 

ANTIQU E AUCTION 
Sunday, Feb. 4, I 3o PM 
G ary's Antique Auction House 
Lockhart, Tx. - Coll 398-37o1 
A n tiq u e H O O S IE R K IT C H E N 
CABINET. SISO. 341-6o92. 

A A AKC SHIH TZU PUPS 
Moles, females, shots. 342-7o3o. 
; 
Adorable AKC Yorkie Puppies j 
_________ 534-1655___________ I 
Adorable AKC German Shepherd j 
Puppies, fin e st q u a lity , superb j tem peram ent. In te rn ! Ch G er-I mon 
Im port 
Linebreeding ; 
826-4756 
_____________ 
A d o ra b le P e kin g e se P u ppie s, 
AKC Reg 
Ch 
Bloodlines 51oo 
49o-9235.____________ _ 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS .. 
Place Your 
Pet Ad Today! 
Cad 
Miss Moore 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

Alg,'ion fo r stud, Champ, blood­ line 734-7931, ext. 217, 8-12 Noon or 9-12 evenings 
Afghan Hound 4 mos, Block, Gray 
*1oo or best ofter. 536-3386 8-4:45; 
333-o484 Oft 5._______________ 
Afghan Pups 575 
674 1785 

Pups 
•AKC AFGHANS* 
Stud Serv. * 344-728o oft. 6 
AKC AFGHANS, Champ. Lines 
____________ 653-9684___________ 
AKC Afghans, Ch. Lines, Reason­ able. 698-27o8. 
__ 
AKC Basset Hound Pups, long ears, shots. 822 54o1.____________ 

Ch Bred Tiny UKC Toy Fox Ter­ riers. Fox Terriers. 661-38o7. 
D A C H S H U N D , M A L E S , MIN?; 
LO N G HA IR ED , TOP Q UALITY . 
62oo-up 826-o591 
__________ _ 
Doberman Pinscher, Red, mole, L mos with papers 51oo. 333-o19o oft 
5:3o oil day weekends. 
DOBERMAN Puppies, AKC Req, 
Ch. Bloodline!, Reds ond B la ck* 
1-379-6362. 
______________ 
D oberm an P uppies, b la ck and ton, purebred, 6 wks, moles *6o. females 65o. 656-6o73. 
Doberman Puppies, 
344-5778 male 51oo. 

AKC Beagle Pups, female, cxcel- lent m arkings 659-o419 lf you have A ntiques, Je w e lry, 
D ia m o n d s , S te rlin g , G o ld o r 
O riental Rugs to sell, you’ii get the 
Best P rice fro m Son A n to n io ’s | hunterv 484.,226 o ff 6 
Finest Shop 
------------------------------ 

AKC Black Labrador Puppies, for sale. 
B o th 
P a re n ts tra in e d 

D O B E R M A N S , AKC R E G . 8 week, *1oo. Black-Ton. 635-8525. 
Female G erm an Shepherd Pup- pies 55 OO 733 85o4.___________ _ 

ANTIQUE INSULATORS 
AH Kinds. Selection of Thousands 
C all F o r In fo rm a tio n , 349-8367 
A tter 5. 
Regency Antiques 

A Place In Time 
4337 MCCULLOUGH 
19ft. pine b or, new shipm ent of stained and beveled glass, ceiling fa n s , b a n q u e t oak ta b le and chairs, sm all ro llto p desk, pine benches, iron beds, new glass crystal 

Bedlam Brass Beds 
Twin, Full, Queen, Kingsize 
SOLID BRASS HEADBOARDS 
824 6925 
3123 Broadway 

M rs. Brenner, 822-544o, 342-5o7o 
JU D Y ’S G E N E R A L STORE 
528 Exeter 
Tavern (pub) table 
Gome (chess) table 
L A R G E a n tiq u e w a rd ro b e 
(m ahogany). 14o yrs, old 826-9529 
MIRROR R E SILVE R IN G 
The M irror Shoppe 
Division of Finishing Touch Inc. 
UTO P o rrid g e , 349 3689 
Near the Corner Antiaues 
Depression glass and F urnitre 
5513 PM 78, 641-3o54 

AKC Black Scotty Puppies. Coll 
342-o282._____________________ _ 
AKC C ham pion S ired W eim ar- qner Puppies 675 653-74o9_______ 
AKC CHINESE PUGS. 5125 
____________ 658-8821__________ _ 
AKC COLLIES, 5125 
661 38o7 

2 Femole Tov sized Peekapoos, I weeks old, 535. Sol. ond Sun.* 
I 379 2o77, or 1-379-6956 Mon thru 
Frt, 925-2581___________________ 
F R E E '> G e rm a n S h e p h e rd ternate IO mos Block 227-8436 aft y____________________ 
* 
Free part Persian Siamese kitten, 
3 mo. old, 344-6225._____________ 

AKC D a lm a tia n Pup, rnos *75. 699-o353. 

FREE PUPPIES 
675 1135 

AKC German Shepherd 
At Stud 
Beautiful quality 654-6687. 
AKC German Shepherd Puppies, in tern'l Ch Bloodline 653 2751. 
AKC GOLDEN R ETR IEVER S 
684-3778 

Beautiful 19x82 CAMELOT Mobile 
Home on lovely LEON SPRINGS 
M OBILE HOME V ILLA Lot Call 
698-2224 for app ointm ent to see this lovely home. 
2 bedroom unfurnished 54995. 
REO RIVER Mobile Homes, 
653-9751 

2 BEDROOM with 24x29 room added on, beau­ tiful oaks, approx. I acre 
344-6268 
341-6566 
695-3113 

CONNALLY 
R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 

• LEASING • 
Specializing in Business ond Professional Equipm ent 
Save Tax-Conserve Capital 
GLENN FOSTER, INC 
26o3 Broadway 
227-9 381 

BESS' ANTIQUES 
545o Old Seguin Rd., 661-5582 
BRASS 
CASH 
REGISTERS, 
CASH 
NCRs 
113) BASSE RD 
BUY SELL APPRAISE 

REC gg 'b 6 FO»VE 
Autom atic Telephone Answering, 
R ecording, ca ll d iv e rtin g eapt 
Competitive prices. Call Anytim e 
Ralph s Electronics, 675 2245 
Steam K e ttles, G R O AN , m odel 
AH 3o and model AH 6o Self-con­ ta in e d he a tin g u n its. S tainless steel in p e rfe c t con d itio n . 1131 
Basse Rd., 733-7367 or 734 3o81 
S TOR E F IX T U R E S to r so le , second safe 6ox36x3o, a irp la n e tons, Leeds 4o1 W. Commerce 

Best Prices Paid tor Antiques 
PH IL W ILLBORN 
TOWN & COUNTRY ANTIQUES 
826 2749 36o9 Broadway 735-2414 

9o3 BUILDING MATERIALS 

Beryl s Mobile Home Censer 
NEW and USED-651-6961 
16513 IH 35 NORTH (Selma E xit) 
(h a r m in g 12X44, 2 b d rm , '73 model, very cleon, covered patio, fenced yard, NE, in Cozy Cove 
Pk, 585 mo 656 18)8____________ 
Ooubie Wide M obile Homo Low • down payment. Bargain for Good ! 
Credit Risk 698-237o 

JB R MOBILE HOMES 
New Used, 114oo IH 35N 655 o471 
73 LANCER. 14x7? 7 bedroom, w bath, central air, bhat, furnished, im m aculate 
532-6365; 
648 o745 ewes 

LIT T LE 
227 1 AUSTIN HWY 
7o Scottsm ans 15 

W HEELS' 
655 o251 
67oo 

HOI NOGAL)TOS 
534 67)1 l l SCOUT 
3o4 V I, a ir, pow er steering *1ooo «<« n i t _________ tax*- over payments on *74 Chevy pickup No vaulty Call 174 o911 ! a sk tor Fred. Atter I 9t i i m 
Tok* over paym ent! on 73C hevyj 
Pickup No equity Call 824-7*o6 ask tor Dennis Atter I at nit# call 
*5* 4321_______________ _ 
71 Toyota Hi lu x pickup Radio. air, 4 sad Fiberglass b e d cover, metal stock racks H u bumper. 
Excellent |2495 I 7SS 4564 
VANS WANTS O' 
69 thru 71 mooels 
6831 S FLORES_________ 923 4211 
*74 VEGA, smog pone! truck, ex fro nice 6*95 333 615?__________ 

W A T E R T R U C K 
1961 International 2 Ton 6 cylinder 
2 speed 15oo got tank, spicy bar 
67)5o 695 V?U________________ _ 

W E N C H T R U C K international RI9o Tractor Truck 
Tulsa 23 wench RO45o engine 
Good cond 6195o 695 9218 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

69 F irebug. W recked, all or any parts 344 5o58 
*4 Ford oS 5 o rtid p a ris fra n 5 mission 618o, rebuilt 432 o769 
Four 1976 A ro n o d a fu ll excellent heel condition covers 
In 
S96 673 o69*_____________________ 
* 
IS" Hubs. W ire spoke wheels tor T h u n d e rb ird or E lite H ertz shifter, no Imkoae 734 2571 
4 MAGS 16x1. (Western. Cross wire, 5 hole, tor F o ld Cost 6248 
Asking 6)oo *9) 1297. 
'9*5 Mustang body or ports Good cond 349 5773 otter 5 or wkends 
New M a g s. J a c k m a n 
W h ite 
Spoke Rim s, 2-16x8. 1-16x7 w ith cops Chevy tit atter 4 434-5168 
Paris tor Ford ii# . 3o? engines 
Peas 437 4998 eves 
Steel R a d io l s f 78x 14, R a lly e wheels tor Comoro 6195 655 8874 
W ANTED ii ani axel housing, tor so 64 >< ton 4 wheel drive Chevy pickup 674 o7o6 

7S8 
- 
AIRCRAF1 services. 

_____________________________ 

T r o lle r , 
Beautiful Condition 6»9 7375 

SETTLING ESTATE 
Mobile nome, like new condition 2 bedroom, I both, on '» acre lot 
Soufh ol Boerne All furnishings inc u dm g sto ve , r e fr ig e ra to r , : wagner, etc Priced tor auick sell 
67ooo complete 

HOMESTEAD REALTY1 
698 27o7 
Niles OL Sm ith. Boerne I 249-1o91 

S H A S T A e P R O W L E R 
We Toke Trade ins 
Complete Service Dept 
STAHMANN TR A ILE R SALES 
(MIO 3 M i North ol Boerne 
R T I BOX 127 S A Phone 224 2424 
OPEN SUNDAY 12 5 P M 
--------------TH h a St A is 1 i-------------- 
STAHMANN TR AILER SALES 
IH IO, 3 Mi. north of Boerne 
RT 
2 
BOX 
127. 
S A . phone. 
274 3426 
OPEN SUNDAYS 12 6 P M 
75 S h a s ta i»> 7 
STAHMANN TR AILER SALES 
IH 18. I M i north of Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 127, S A Phone 224 2426 
OPEN 12 5 O rn SUNDAY id Silver {tre a k Jl.A I Less than 
3ooo im 67995 426 4*42 Hondo 

STARCRAFT 

2 58A M e rcu ry m otors, controls and a lte rn a to r! 56oo 658-2956 otter 5pm. 
1 97 2 Agua S p o rt 1 9 'i' 125 HP 
, E vinrude m otor, pow er lift, gal- vam ied tra ile r, used 132 hours, 
I 55,5oo, 
M o n d a y -F n a a y . 
8 a rn 3pm office, 824 7359 
76 A rro w G loss h o n d a , ig ’ i ' 
Deep-V, center console. 115 hp 
E vin ru d e . pow er, tilt and trim 
Looded 54,5oo 674 *497_________ 
I I V74 H A rro w g la s Trophy boss 
I boat, 83he M ercury, Dilly driveon 
: gale tra ile r, electric ti oiling mo j to r, 2 m a rin e b a tte rie s , 2 gas 
I tanks, depthtmder, used few hrs 
I 57995 674 o144_________ 
'76 Avenger Jet, 455 Old’ 

LEON SPRINGS 

15 minutes north on IH IO 3 b«droom 7 or 3 bedroom units w ith land included Fenced, frees, covered patio, storaae building, c a ro o rt 514,ooo to 
521,ooo Up to IS years term s by owner 
B ILL PRICE. R E A LT Y 
349-26o? 

74 M agnolia double, 74x54, I be- I droom, 2 bath, central heat, a ir I 
Equity, ossume 492-9251 
M OBILE HOME OWNERS 
Need a little extro cosh? 
WE buy Mobile Home Tires and ■ 
Wheels. 51o, Each. B rinq in or we j pick up 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2762 S W M ILIT A R Y DR. 

___________ 9 2 2 o 5 4 o ____________ 
M O B ILE HOME ON I , LOTS 
{C A LL 698 2851 
I MUST SE LL! New 76 Town ond 
C o u n try. 14x72, 2-1’ s, sto ra g e : room , porch O ther extra s. Low i equity, assume paym ents 
I 661 7885 
74 PARKWOOD 12x65, I ,baths. 
I 3 bedroom 695oo 658-9o53 eves 
! 68 R e m b ra n d t M o b ile M o te l 
I 12x6o. double insulated. Duplex, 
972 5256 or 923 39)2._____________ 
’71 S k y lin e 12x5o Good cond 
Moving, must sell Im m ediate oc­ c u p a n c y . 635oo 
W ill d ic k e r. 
, I 484 22o2, Poth, Tx 15 nu S San 
Antonio 
54~S W IT H E T O T 64,ooo Verv 

C & S LUMBER 
COMPANY 
2x4 8’ No. 3 TP .. 
794 to. 
2x4 procut fir 
894 aa. 
4x8 7/16 I V. 4 8. sdg hardboard . $8.9$ ap. 
1 2 x 1 6 ’ smooth lap sdg.. . . 274 lf. 
I2 "x1 6 ’ rough texturedlap sdg. . . 314 ft. 
4x8 5/32 mahogany pfppdpPBaliRQ • 
$3.99 ga. 
Corr, iro n 
$19.95 sa. 
12 Vt ga. 2 pf. borh W irt 
$16.9$ roll 
12’ gals steal gat* $27.95 
14’ ga iv. steal gate $32.95 
16’ gale, steel gate $37.95 
AU TOP 
QUALITY STOCK 

ONE STOP CENTER 

C & $ LU M B E R 

C O M P A N Y 
4647 ROOSEVELT 

(512) 924*6556 

C h ip p e n d a le C h a ir s 
Grabo Antiques, 2914 Austin Hwy 
CLIM ER'S RUM MAGE BARN 
CASH AND CARRY 
Antiques, Bottles, P rim itives 
Relics and Many Other Things 
COME S E E !! Open H A M to SPM 
Closed Wednesdays and Sundays 
1-742-88o8 during business hours 
Where Hwy 476 crosses Hwy 16 
PO TEET, TEXAS 

Old dishes, 4 doctor's books (14o yrs old), ornate gold locket and pierced earrings. 494-741o_______ 

OPA’S ANTIQUES 
_______ 72o3 S H ackberry_______ 
O utstanding values. S ettling es- tafp. Im pressive e arly V ictorian s id e b o a rd , p e rfe c t c o n d itio n , 
*985; G e n tle m a n 's c h a ir, 5195, other tu rn itu re ond O riental ob ie cts in c lu d in g room -sized K lr- shehir rug 824 6855 

AKC 
H A R L E Q U IN 
G R E A T 
DANE PUPPIES. 648-1263. 
AKC Irish Setter Pups 
655-9192 
AKC Iris h S e tte rs , C h a m p io n 
Bloodlines 6 wks. 492-1122 

PUPPIES 
Dalm atian 
633-2475 otter 5 p.m. 
F R E E P U P P IE S , ' ^ L a b ra d o r, black females, 4 mos. old. Good with Kids 657-1549 _______ __ 
FREE to good home Cute puppy about IO wks. 828-7o68.______ 
German Shepherd Pups *25 
922-2492 
Great Done Pup* block 626-734o 

G R E A T D A N E S 
Champion sired. 1-755-4696 

C RO W N 
H IL L 
A N T IQ U E S , 
D IJO N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D ­ 
WAY, 826-1991. New Shipment of 
Am. Country F u rn itu re Blanket 
Chest, Shaker Item s, Tolew are, 
A ro w b a c k B e n ch , B ra s s a n d 
Pewter, Candle Stands. Rockers, 
Clocks. 
E i t A t E U L E f=eb 
19, 
Watch for Details, 
734-5668 

9,26,21 
The Moran7s 

I pair Chairs, lyre-shaped bucks, la tte r 18oo’s. A p p ra ise d , 512oo 
Toke *6oo. I pair Chairs. V ic to r­ ian Lad y’s ond Gentelmon s, 185o. 
A p p ra ise d 516oo 
Take 56oo 
I 
D ra w in g -ro o m roccoco re v iv a l. 
Appraised *45o. Take *2oo Dining room turn iture , 18oo‘s. Appraised 
616,ooo Take 56ooo 341 2936 

Q U E E N S A N T I Q U E S 
28o9 Fredericksburg 
Hours 
9-5 
TA IL END ANTIQUES tra cto r seafs-old Ile plates 
H A T T IE ’S ATTIC bross candlesticks Notre Dame in Colonies N orth M all 

G A S L I G H T A N T I Q U E S 
1525 MC 
CULLOUGH 
227 48o3 
G rained Tole Flour Bin 
Cooper Apple Butter Kettle 
ANTIQUE COTTAGE. 5o8 Dallas 

THE 

Different Drummer 
Antiques-Accessories-Collectables 
1o2o TOWNSEND, 826-3764 
_______ALAM O HEIGHTS_______ 
To Sell your Antiques 
ONE AND ALL 
Here's the num ber for you to coll: 
633-26oo, 633-o34o (cosh paid) 
JIM LISTER 

AKC Irish Setter puppies: 7wks. 
V e rv h e a lth y , *85 m a le s , 575 
Females. 494-5456. Dam and Sire same location 
AKC Lab Pups, Block, moles and females 736 o225 

H alf w e im a ra n e r half Lab pup pies, shots, wormed, 515. 655-3146 
IR ISH S E TTE R P uppies. AKC 
Req Champion blood-lin wormed, 
565 
Atter 
5 and weekends, 
673-3899. 
_________________ 

AKC LABRADOR PUPS 
Ch. lines. 826-3393 12 7pm 
AKC LH ASO APSO PUPS 
Also STUD SERVICE 344 8ooo 
AKC M in wks, has 
657 3o56 

S ch nauzer P uppy 9 shots 51oo 
656-2o49; 

AKC Min. Schnauzers. Ch Blood. females 6)25, Moles 6)oo. 656 7273. 
AKC Poodle Puppies. 6 wks 
534-9o42 
AKC Poodles, Tov. Dark Apricot and silvers 675-up. 699-o353. 
AKC POODLE 6 weeks, 3 males, 
W hite 684 38o9 
AKC Reg B ritta n y Spaniel Pup- pies for Sole 732-49o6. 
AKC Reg. Chow Chow, fem. 
Ch. 
Bloodline 
K e rrville 

I male, 2 
1-896-1181 

AKC Registered black Lab pups, 
53S each 435-576o 
AKC registered 9 mo old female 
German Shepherd, *75. 436-o587 after 5 3opm 
AKC Reg. S tanda rd Schnauzer bitch, salt ond pepper. Excellent breeding. Shown in puppy com- petition Sweet pet. 68) 1599 
AKC Sheltie Puppies, 4 m ales 6 wks Beautiful and healthy. 51oo 
494 7512 
AKC St Bernard Puppies. Pretty m arkings 1-392-74oo att 5: 3o 
AKC, white German Shepherd, at 
Stud, 342 o1o9 or 658-7443 

Irish Setter Puppies, pure bred. no papers, 635. 656-1142_________ 
Irish Setter femole, 
545 733 o318 
IO mos. old. 

Just in Time for Valentines AKC 
Basset Puppies, 6 wks, worm ed, s ta rte d on shots 51oo-5125. 
648 o425. Uvalde_______________ 
Just in time tor Valentine! M ixed 
LAB puppies 735-8393 ofter 6: 
Large Tame P arrot 
*3SO, 674-5444, 674-38o6 

L O V E 
IS 
T R IE V ER 
826-7443 

A 
G O L D E N 
P U P P Y 
AKC 
R E - 
675. 

2 M ole L o n g h a ire d D a chsh u nd s, shots, eves. 655-1857,_____________ 
2, 5 m onth old Coc-a-poos. as is. 
648-184o 
3 m o old A K C B ritta n y S p o n ie l 
*4o. 924-79oo 
__________________ 
Need Stud S e rv ic e to r Ch. B re d 
AKC 
S h o rth o ire d 
St. 
B e rn a rd . 
673-4431 
____ 
•O B E D IE N C E C LA S S E S * 
Classes s to rt M a rc h 7th 
R e g is tra tio n Feb 2)st and 28th 
S A DOG T R A IN IN G C LU B 
635 8734; 534 5886; 344 6o39 
O LD E N G LIS H S H E E P D O G S 
A KC , 6 Wks, 434-7866_____ 
Old E n g lish Sneeodoq P ups AKC . 
57oo UP 681-o498 o ft 6pm 
O ld E n g lis h Sheep D og pup pies 
Call 876 5759 a H er 6. 

1 B e rk le y 
T r a ile r 

IS T R A IL E R S ALE S b u ry 
S E G U IN . 
TX i f D B L Bed 

C B 35o Ct, D is c B r a k e 
R u n s 
G re at. 635o 696-9114 o r I 249 3127 
M ike ____________________________ 
( l 175 H onda S c ra m b le r. l ido m l, e x tra s , ex cond. I486. 684 o626 
1974 G old W in g ' i f f ) H o nd o J i i to u r sh arp, tro d e 1o23 F a b u lo u s 
197* H u r le y D a v id s o n 
>2.1 i m 
; 
674 329o, super glid e v i m 
* 
T r H a T I * v ' b a v T d T m T T V E 
N e w tir e s , r e b u ilt 
A d u lt. I o w n e r 
A s k i n g 624o8 
M a tt 
I 557 *3 5 9 e ve*., w eekends__________________ l f ) * H o n d a I>o A 
W in d ia m m e r 
I I I . tr e n l a n d re a r c ra s h b a rs . 
L ug ro c k M u s t sell 684 4oo4 
7) H ondo CB S$o 6 F a irin g , sod- die bags, new b a tte ry L ik e n ew ! 
665o 733 9929________________ 

76 Henge 2oo CB 1134k m ile s , fro n t disc b ra k e B e a u tifu l gold, togaed 
C rosn b ars, etc *7oo 492 2634 
T r W S E E A T T T i T I u u o cern p a rt m e a t, 22oo m i A d u lt o w n e r 
5 7 7 6 3 4 ' 2321 
Hi H ondo- )i(J7 c u s to m is e d ru n s g re at. 547 6 454-1141 a tt 4pm 
W h b n b A G I t o w L ow miles. 
621oo or best o fte r R ick 
342 4449 blier 4 
_____ i f f ! l^oada d o irf W ing, HOO m ites. 
B b* new #94 s ilo __________ ______ f i kienide I ii. m ild cu slem T v e ry 

W H Y P A Y M O R E ? 

HERE S W H Y !! 

AM Amort) New (Singlet) 

Permanent lull time personnel 

Permanent full time met bantu 
AM Aarueft IEI i quipped 

‘ AM Au ti oft outo pilot 

A A tto rn e d CISSNA Oeder b IL UA MCA SU H * VIKING 
• CESSNA LAMINAL IG 
• CISSNA HAWK IP rn CESSNA MAW* I ZI b CISSNA TWIN HO 
• HHK TWM GttONMAO 
• HAWK'S ae out* ariel 
Mf TRK AIR M onvi INC. m i n i m i n s 
BOOSE VEIT bf <m> AVE 

 c lean. *1,7oo OSO tor BiN 227 o74o , 
8 A M I* 2PM 
H en do" M 

A V IA T IO N IN S U R A N C E 
P ro m p t quotes 
71*123 

 i i e i f T Y i e m 
A pache i f R , Cessna O II ‘67 
F a irc h ild PT IO 
LO U IE B U T T O N ASSOC 
512-o22 1o91 
CESSNA l U 
' l i H 
’A r ond p aint B oerne I 517-4422 
6 U A 
A ir con d itie n e d . lik e n e w 
175 T T on 
■■■■...... a ir c r a f t e n d e n g in e 
IP R g re a t e q u ip p e d a it e n c o d e r a nd Iro n sounder 
M u tt see lo a p p re c ia te 

M ’ 
114 K tn g i 
11 4li earning 27 DBL Bed Full 
B oth. A lf H itrh 61976 876 73o8 
12 TA<^ A -L o k t& i i ' , fu lly self c o n ta in e d a ir , e x c e lle n t c o n d o I hon 
*4ooo 
51) o713; 
311 15)1 e v e 
* 
. 
___________________ I 

76 T E JA S P ic k u p C am per IO' i 1 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A LE S 
I 
IH IO, I M i n o rth of B oerne 
RT 2 BOX 127 S A P hone 724 2424 
O P E N S U N D A Y 12 6 P M 
Jo 
T r a v e l t r a i l I A 
195). 
C h o* H T , m o d * by A ir s tr e a m 
N ice a nd cle a n , W ill la k e 6)45o 
Best o fte n 712 WOO 
J* t r a v e l T ra ile r Sift W heel. l ~ 
56ooo C all 
22 ) 2o9) i i t r a v e l t r a ile r , - l l ' 
Stet p i a 
A ir, r e tr ig , o w n in g s o n d m o n y e x tr a s 
A s k in g *256o 
142-1375 o fte r 4 ond w eekends 
TWO 
A lu m in u m C am pers 
Long beds. *225 eg 922 3426 

< * ) 
N T C k 
U S E D 
C o m p in g 
T ra ile rs N o w ! t * ) o r ( I ) S leepers 
HARPER MOTOR CO 
CAMPER LAND 
24o1 5 W M illio n O r 924 6614 
H rs. W kdovs 
9 lo 4 Sun I 3o 6 fb i Used t r a v e l T ra ile rs 
H a rp e r M a te r Ce C a m e erta n d 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924-5514 w r x u Ti r r t y p e s 5 t r a v e l 
T ro lle rs C oll 
M E L 924 5514 

J t A it m ile s 
C ell 
o28 4829 
_ 
_ 
____ 
I T'W 'usa» a rC o M b id d e n n n 54o.6oo 227 O M I or o24 47o) little *95o 144 4443 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 j 6 f N A f tR iM k H d N b A ------- 
Sales S ervice P a ris 
14o1 O RO ADW A V 
824 949* 
*-A Ac t u K l 4 6 I i i 
N * w candT hon, 6376 C oll i i i IU * n k A t U U k l «4< I rn m a c u la I*. law m ites, lu liv chesset; A M rodeo 
5o/6 468 47M 
I i k A * AS A K I k f lu o V e ry low 
M ile a g e L ik e new 5o5o 735 *261 o r 7)6 2o73 

CO PILOT fa n le d ' fur Oh C 

 bool WNR BN-1754 
__________ 

P e r is 
C h o p p e r f r o m * w i f i 
Spr in fe r fro n t end Needs weeding 
645 
J 
H onda 
H i m o la rs 
SSO 
♦27 2*4o 
PHYS PW Ii hi 6 fkE1— 
461-7916 betw een Hum 4pm i AB A'WT6 m 6 7 VZTr m i i 
K A A ASAK I Sales. S ervice P o rts 
H I N A K O M A 
494 5264 

1 972 S p o rts te r fu ll';' c h o p p e d ', e ntente, H E N 414 4o1) 

W a n te d ! tor O il Ce j T u rb o P ro p B ased in South Tex la s 
S e n d r e s u m e e n d s a la r y d esired Ie E x p re s s N e w t box lim r A A - J f f i f Y l N i s A h a n T 6 n i 6 
, F E E 2* 2/ 
IOO'1 G ua ra n te e d 
A V IA T IO N 
S E M IN A R S , 
(6o9) 
799 H IO 
T i IS h i t A ~ T T ~ i7 T ~ T T ~ ~ m a c u la te c o n d itio n 
P u tt K in g to 
N it 
IF N , in c lu d in g K N *6 O M E 
3*o s la v e d H S I, a n im a lic H I C 
N u t v ile fue l ta n k s P ric e to sell 
C o n ta c t 
R an M u tto n ! 
N A Y A K 
A V IA T IO N , 111 o2* 9*69 
IW Y '‘W T-oT & 'r o New-------- 
P IP E R lo yo u r own 
S pe cifica tion s, c a ll F ra n k A dam s, m t m 

M A C ! I O U * W A N I AP in im i te n e ts * n u n s 

 c a l l u s t e e * 

8o? 
W H OR H e rm sales f t n i 
" T W ffT Y IT Q Ir tlH ffr " 
1*o2 N w Leap o i l 
___________ U M E H 
24 c h a m p io n , t e l l c e n ta i n o d 
22,7oo m i lik e new m o n y e x tra s , 
69 ooo 46o 1779 

1 ^ 5 b udge M otor lo a c h c a m p i* lety suit co n ta in e d 3*o V B, aute. p o w e r, a v e r a g e M P G 
I t en re g u la r g a s , 2 a ir , n e w f ir e * - shocks, M a n y e x tra s 344 1214 iT Tr f i & S f t t io k " v # lV ia T " v k 'N 
M o to r H em e 
F u lly lo a d e d 
J6B8 m ile s , 
C a ll 
P e te r 
P a r k e r , 
R u m a d a in n , Leap t i# a n d San 
P e d ro , S a tu rd a y a fte rn o o n a n a 
Sunday. 144 4611 
*7i "b u d g e i > Ode sm a rt ~ TST can ve rte d to m o to r n o m * M o s t se * lo d e p re d a te 
49* 69o4 o tte r 6 a nd 

 a r a c M 
- r n a r 
49# 1724 o ffe r eprn 

 p u m p D o n 't C u s to m 
6 /m p h 64,995, 415-o378 
B A N K St I PO 
" 
I 1976 A p o llo Je t b o a t IlS h p . 18ft I t r its u lt w ith O i ll v t r a ile r , o n ly 
I /S tirs , *595o or b est u tte r, M A IN 
B A N K ANO TR U S T, 225 8991 
BASS B O A T 
IS It fib e rg la s s . 3) 1 
I hp J o h n s o n e le c tr ic m o to r, l i l t j tra ile r, spore 675o 828 654) 
I bass bouts e quipped 
74 T e rry 
B ass 52958 ’l l Lone S ta r 624oo 
71 Tide C ra ft 5U oo 474 5518 i i boat. U lt CIC C I c ra ft, w a lk th j ru w in d shie ld , d elu xe trim , trih u lL I 
I no m o to r, on H ig h la n d e r tr o lle r 
L ik e new 6)o5o 734 52o7_________ 

16 t b k t id e . H ig h p e r fo rm a n c e b o s s b o a t w ith m a n y e x t r a s 
64,3oo ca ll a n v d a v a fte r 
3 pm 
675 2891 

F l V IM G J U N IO R 
14' s a ilb o a t 
: w ith tra ile r 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 
I 67oo 684 2214 
I 

{ Johnson ond 
T ra ile r. 
* 7 * ^ 
222 o961 
75 F O R M U L A 23 
C u tty C a b in . 
2)3 H P M e re C ru is e I O 
G ate tan d em tra ile r, M a g n u m C ustom 
6o h rs 515,25o new. Sell 51o.5oo ar n e tt o tte r *94 SHO________________ 
F o r S a il. l i f t 
S a ilb o a t w ith tra ile r 654-1)17 o tte r 4pm 

B . N v e n g tr S ki Jet 
656-B1B1 
I 
1973, J* F T C okie C ru is e r. Sleeps 
4. t r a ile r , m a n y e x tr a s , 59,95o. 
673 369o a tte r 5 A N V T i m e wee 
Sends GaHey H ead i i G A N I* I i f L a w I k b r o b c i o se ou l et new 1974 In v a d e rs a nd 
D e c k b o a ts . J o h n s o n a n d M e r ­ c u r y ! A lso R ock B o tto m p ric e s on 1977 m o d e ls 
R a y i's M a rin e , 
C a n y o n L a k e . H w y 2671 n e a r 
S ta rt; Ville, 1 899 711o 
76 G L A if RO N, 17 ft V 
( I i h # 
SST p ro p, m in t c o n d itio n , e x tra s . 
54845 *96-6*64 

HOLIDAY MARINA 
I L ake M cQ ueeney. 51? 557*422 
TM P" Sea B e * O u tt, u id m u te r-, sm a ll re p a irs needed 237 >o44 
I '71 L a rs u n l l ' F ib e rg la s s B o a t and T ra d e r n o hp E v in ru d e L ow 
M rs paw er trim IS and l l g a l gos la n e s e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n 5)795 
5)117)6 M rs Dc v o l 9 5 m a n -tv I 

R a c e r f r u i t e r W in n e r a i C la s t. 
Texas O cean R a cin g C irc u it 1976 
F u lly e q u ip p e d 
I r w i n 
J I 
I 854 HOO 991 O M I_______________ 

74 R a n g e r B a t t B o a t r ig g e d , d riv e o n tra ile r. 75 jo h n s o n ostia. 
54ooo, best o tte r *7 * 711o, 4o8-8144 a tte r 4 

I A E G E R rn o rie l ISS A. M e re ' 
IShg, custom d riv e o n tro lle r, bsh tin d e r ta e l c o n tro l tra ile r *4996 
T E X A L L B o o t, 722 942 8 

‘Mi"b o a ts -T u rio rv forge s e lectio n 
N E W S ailbo a t Shop, A u stin 
*o4 H ig h la n d MOH B lv d 454 717) 

 t i Sea Roy, 14', A t atmd L ets of e x tra s . 675o« WHI fin a n c e 45o 2954 o ft lp m 

I i 1 Sea R ay. C enter. C e n to !*, TH i I O lim e e ld T a n d e m T r a ile r 
Blee 
W ench, O u tu a g e r 
C anopy 
675oo 341 7o24, I tS4 3/95 _______ 

I fe llin g m y e q u ity in l l ’ M o k o in b ou rd , a p p ro x 4o h r 
T T , G oiv d e lly d r iv e en t r a i l e r , 
225 
C h ry s le r M a rin e e n g in e , d e p th fin d e r. 
CB equipped 
494 63*3 
694 2379 

4 ! f lD C W IN D E R AA 1 B o o l 
125 Hp m e rc u ry m o la r 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E * 
IM Id, I M i n o rth af B oerne 
RT. 
2 
BOX i t / 
S A 
P hone, 
224 247* 
O P E N S U N D A Y l l 5 p rn r F 7 B f 5 
------ 

B a ts B eat D e m o n s tra to rs 
N ew m o tors, tro lle r* . 62296 
4*11 R a noelpn B lv d , 654 o388 
D IS C O U N T B O A T S A LE S 

 good te n d 695-8174 
JI S unbeam m o b ile hom e, 12x7o 2 b d rm , 1 b a th , p a r tly ta rn is h e d . 
64*oo, *57 77*4, S chertz 

 t o p d 6 l l a r P A IO 
FOR U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
824 1248 
924-4424 
T I T g X lT Y T O A x e i ,‘ Y b ed ro om 
2 b a th , c a r o c t. A w n in g , d is h ­ w a s h e r. V e r y g o a d c o n d itio n 
612,5oo 45o-8884 or 451 4822 
W A N T E D ' Used M o b ile H om es 
CASH ond FA S T S E R V IC E 
C A L L 
M R M IL E S , 914 411) 
W A N tfe D ' Used M o b ile H om es 
CASM ond FA ST S E R V IC E 
C A L L 
MR M IL E S . 924 4231 w r ? AK E T S A DE INS, WF 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L 
M A X 
_________ 924 4225 
1973. 12x4o 2 b ed ro om I* /b a th s , s k ir te d C e n tra l h e a t, a ir 
R eq- tu n a b le *84 9o59 a ll 5 
U x t i J bedroom s. I baths, c e n tra l a ir, heat, new c a rp e tin g , c o v e re d p o ilu 441-6847 , 461 4o37 
14x78, J b e d ro o m s , 2 b a th s . A s ­ s u m e p a y m e n ts , lo w e q u ity 
658 1783 a fte r 4 p m_______________ 

12 X6o', ^ b e d ro o m s C e n tra l a ir, p a y m e n ts 
6127 

BILD MART 
M I flo rid a • $344751 
D IS C O U N T 
• u ild in f M aterial Star* 

Alum intension ladders, 14 28(t 
$29 49-$76.96 

R ift mesh, Stt.xl SWI roll IO ga $33.95; 6 ga $64.95 
Barb wire, BO tod length, 12VS ga . 
2 pf 
$16.95 roll 
HU UST measuring tope, 
16 x K ................................ 
SO Et steel tape 
8 in. Deck faucet, white ond colors ................... 
4o lh bog acoustic spray 
4 gal Ready Ahi |oint compound ..................... 
TRU TEST 3o gal natural gas water heater 
......................... 
$*7.95 
Closeout Redwood stain $ 2 6 9 gal 
Xwik set knobs passage $2-95; bathroom $4.59; bebloom $ 4 6 9 ; 
Entry $6.95 
12 ti bncoNum 
$2.49 up sa. yd 
B i tai lath*. 2x1 
................. $2.19 
MUB MART currie* TRU TISI point - #• loc ♦ from 114o 

$4.9$ 
$449 

$19.95 
$ 4 M 

$4.75 

$ $ $ M 
V I M f 
C A W 
'H ' C A M T 

R Q d c o 
| i w i £ 

94o LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS 
94o LIVESTOCK FEED SEEDS 

AA KLENGRASS SEED, G overn­ ment tested and tagged 66.75 ib 
Price subiect ta change W illiam s. 
R o ute 
2, 
B ox 
44, 
B a n d e ra 
1-796-3619 eves 

A & A STABLES 
FOR 
S A LE 
E X C E L L E N T 
S E L E C T IO N 
OF 
H O RSES 
PLEASURE. RANCH, ROPING, 
SHOW 
223-7994 Days; 432-8181 
Niles 
____________ 

A-HALE TRAILERS 
Horse Stack and Gooseneck 
New ond Used; for Sale ar Rent 
Also teed Barrets with Lids 
SLIMP O IL CO Oft IH 37 
513-5151 
6o4 
Carolina mtes 
344 72)5 

MINIATURE HORSES 
Hottest new idea in jpets! All col ors, 22 34 inches toll. Why walk the dog when you con wolfc o men horse1 
Breeding stock available 
Trices stort at SSW) tall Boh Pauley, 8o4/537 3 SOA, 
Hanover, Vtrgmio 

AQHA Reg. 1974 Chestnut M are, 
Miss Gampy Bors, Professionally tra in e d in W e ste rn P le a s u re . 
Very 
Gentle. 
Ready to 
Show. 
*94-2429 

•Arabian snow Stallion 
REG 
113 7994 Doys 
FOR SALE 
432-OIBI nile*. 
AT STUD 
AGHA Polam mo 
Go 
Elegance o14-3913 4)3 2728 

 heat 
Assume 
49) 1 4 1 o __________ 
197). I i mSO , 2 bedroom s Fully fu rn is h e d W ith e q u ity and as sum* payments et SO) 85 633 TZO* 
14x8o. I bedrooms, 2 full buths wosner, dryer ton air c o n d , 
I 771-31o5. 
'75-14 X7o m o b ile ho m e , 
I b e d ro o m s . 2 b a th s 
A ir 
No equity 
Take over payments 
337 6964 t i l t s with 1ox 15 room jffo c h e d 
1ox2o polio cover, ) bedrooms. B*» bath, centro) heat and air Lock 
Iona Pork No 
I, 324 S 
Plaza 
474 6442 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong Born (orrog Iron length! lo 2o 
S24.9S iq 
Iii? Rough cedar lumber 
. . . . . . 
554 bn ti 

Rotbood bec 
$4 OS re 
Albeston Sidtng 
$26 OS iq 
Oak Whiskey barrets $14.95 ta 
24o lh S D rig, cokMs 
13.9s tg 

IS lh itll. 4 vg toll 
$6.49 rail 

Insuiatton 3 
9« ->q lr 

Imuta' on 6 
154 cg ti 
THE MONEY SAVER 
MaitcrCHorfR frank Am# fuck • wh#rc Cosh Bay* a* WHs*:«kol« 

B a by C a lve s *3o 65o 
G ro s s 
Calves 66o-6) IO 921-8449________ 
8oo Bales H o yg ra te r. not rained an, has some weeds. o5c aal* '« 
C h o ro id s b u ll, 2 y rs old Good prospect *375 641 1)97 
B e a u tifu l P a lo m in o G elding 
Western soddies 494 238) 
BIG Stout Riding Horses 63oo up 
*22-3463 *22-3o93 o24-3913 
Blankenship Brahm an Ranch 
Reg Brahm an Bulls, very gentle. 
5)1 o24-9773, 427-21o1 ___________ 

S t? . lia h itft Ii tuna l' - i e t u l t • rn (Ullin HUIHP u £ j 9. 
J 

A d u lto n a T o m n " s e n "nTTTub house with swim m ing paul Paved stre e ts, u n d e rg ro u n d u tilitie s , la rg e lots, no oats, best m ein- tumid park in town, on S E M ill- troy Dr west of IH 37, ac ra ts from 
Brooks Field, Indian Hills Mobile 
Home Park 3)3 o13o 

CANYON LAKE 
E x tra la rg e m o b ile hom e lo t 
5)476, 675 daw n, 14 m onths at t i l I ) APR IS 
Coll A Jones. 21* 13o3_____ 

 ll FRIi I! 
E v e ry o th e r m o n th fre e ta r I whole year Buckingham Village 
Mobile Home Pork 458 2611 

Lean Senna Rent ar Sen 
Homes Avgiluoie 349 26o7 
B IL L PRICE R E ALTY 

— rffTTSE si Mn *46 lug— 
LOU NOR Mobile Home Park 
2415 Castraeid* Rd 4)3 2o*4 
" 'ja o n r r 
'H & M f!' t m h L< m 
Rent *45 Ma FHA approved 
Judean md Schools *5o oo21 ktE. Shady A cre s T ro lle r Pk fenced, stere ream, trees, *37 5o 
Near Windsor Pk M oll 824 8764 

MORTH ON IAN 

L ib * new HOV m olar ham * air 
IO OM BTU HUO *JS 5o59 
I usury 
Rates 658 7*41. *54-/11o 

 l f ' T e rry B o is w ith tra d m ater and depth ti.Id e r, tra ile r, ?6hp 
Johnson, e le c tric s ta rt, 51,75# 
>o12161, W 9181. 
¥ « n t lo w 
YE 

Large t il* far M obile, repay Ie m ove en to 64)oo Name your term s 
Lokecrett Real 
Aptote, 
494 3419 
S 
T n m r r o n r w 
Spaces tar rent. oak trees, pout. near UT5A 6*9oo91 *9o o598 
S i Loa* IU# ai t loathe rest, 2* ac. Util . 333 3741 i l l 4847________ 
W v ira l M obil* Home Porky For 
Sol* 
Spates Ce 
8eettnr« AS I o4*8 

9o1 itismtss mmui 

12o,ooo g ra m w a te r s o fte n e r 
Guod tend 414 /8*8 
( a i ISSC T raxcavafer with u ipper and caned* Just >16 hours since new 649,6o8 823 3)31. 676 111) 
C H A ltfi, to titis , Sough m ixers. fry e r*, steve*, steam tables, re l r ig e ra le rt, ice m cike rt and etc 
New and Used / l l l i t ) n S T T B T 

LEPPARD LUMBER* 
Mahogany Pone! *5 Grade 54 IS 
New Screen Doers 511.6o Solid 
Core Doors t i l SO Bi Fold Deers 
67 5o Asbestos 
Siding 
111) W 
Commerce. 
I iN O t F OM SAI t 
Heavy Vinyl 
Linoleum 64 96 Sa Yd tor Clear once Lin o le u m re m n a n t*. W ad 
Paper 9o *1 OO PER ROLL. IN 
SIDE LA TE X *5 95 Got E xterior 
Latex Mou*e P a int E e*t G rade 
59 95 gal 
T e rm * to t) 6 Hack berry G E R H A R D T* 63F7M9 

L U M B E R 
L U M B E R 
We've bbl lot* of it It you need any guanhty. bring your lid and bring year money We guarantee ie sa*e you money 

D I T T M A R L U M B E R 
5oo Seguin R d ____________ 72* 3)41 

Phil Eciiavarria 

Stanley Helmke 

Raul Perales 
SAY "Cod Or See Me A r' 
M M M I uniter Ce. 
W HOLESALE - R E TA IL 
"Dependable Since 1916 ' 
4o7 N /a r rum oru 433 7oo1 
Repossessed P e ri, l l s } ! , 12x32 
Btdmg Free dei *53 o111 

 e Rmgt yellow Pine e 

LUMBER 
Geed Lum ber Goad Lengths 
1*6 
9' re LF 
1*8 
- ......... 
I*C LF 
2x4 ................................ 
It'r e LF 
2x1 .......... 
14c LF 

B u ckskin m a re , s p irite d , fu lly I broke, 5 yrs ok), t i l 3147 
Build Form and Ranch Fences. 
Also, Rock D rilling 677-6111 
Bull, 4 yr old Reg Cnarolais Bull 
124-9393, 694-6323______________ 
Coastal B u rm uda S prig D igger and 2 row S prig P la n te r. Goad cand 1-947-3445 
_____________ 
Coastal May rn Barn SI 5o 
________*11 2o)9, 631-327)_______ 

CORRUGATED tROBI 
6)1 95 per sq 
FLOWERS LSR CO 
1547 Goliad________________ 333 *171 

CUSTOM FARR IER 
Special in co rre ctive dtoeinq ot a il k in d *. C u ttin g ond re in in g horse* a Specialty 
NEW rn San Antonio oreo Lop* mg fo r steady cu sto m e rs on a regular basis to build new I business 
! 
M ature, Reliable. Experienced 
Satisfaction Guaranteed, by appl 
JERRY HENDERSON, *7*1898 i 4' Cypress Trough ideal tor Stock 
W atering Also. About 5oo board fe e t of good used lu m b e r 
C H E A P ' G oidbeck 111 D re xe l 
1 Ave. 534 3)IO 
______________ 
DAIRY HERO FOR SALE 
I 
455 349o_____________ 
FELPS MORSE. STOCK' 
ANO GOOSENECK TRAILERS 
: S ales. S e rv ic e , R e p a irs , a n d 
Trailer Rentals 44)o Hwy 9o East 
(S W W White bd I 33) 141) 
FE R T ILIZ E D COASTAL HAY 
333-193o 
F E R T IL IZ E D J a n n to n G ro ss 
Hay. *1 15 bdle l i t u t * ________ 
F E R T IL IZ E D CO ASTAL H A Y , 
1 S to re d in shed. SI t i a bote 
633 5146 Atter sand weekend* call 
*77-o17o_______________________ 
F e r t iliie d C o a s ta l H a y, ra in damaged rn stack *1 15 bal* S E 
! B a irn . 665-o936 
] 
F E R T IL IZ E D Coastal and John son Grass Hay, no ram. in barn, reosanoply priced 342 o)11 
Fifteen yeung hereford stacker 
I coma. 6QB-IBH. 
FOR LEASE A pprox 96 Acres with w indm ill, welt, tank Apprex i 5 m in North at Hollywood Park 
U U * ,e u rly plus 19*4 3)56 
Far Sol* Large Reg. Appaloosa 
More, 6 y r* 344-oo49 
Far Sal* or Trad* I reg b r angus 
Caws all bred I* Reg R rangus 
B u ll. W ilt c a ll e a rly S p rin g 
Priced to sell A lta 3 Reg Angus 
Bulls good ages. All m r SI7oo ar your choice at *4oo ca 
L o rry va il, n it** only 31137* 317 3 
G ro u n d 
P e a n u t 
S lic k s and 
Molasses U S protein 
Peanut Attalla, Coastal Hay 
M ires h r* and bail 
LY TLE FE E D ANO SEBO 
411 3472 ar I 77) J il l 
HAV Delivered 
I 486 3341. I 997 )7*7 
HAV FOR SALE 
M ixed B lue* 
•em Hay SI 73 bale Ne I Red Tap 
Can* 
52 bdle 
1 947 )37o; 
I OOI 3^79. 
HAV FOR SALE 
Red Top Cen fe rtiliie d . exc. b i horses or cot ti* 
SI OO per b e te ; SIO# t i IS 
I 349 )134, 1-549 2637 nile* 

HAY FOR SALE 432 2*29 atter 5 on w e e k d a y s ________ _____________ 
MAY SALE 
15oo bales qood quality Johnson 
Gross Hay 61.3o a bate 12oo bales 
Havgrazer *1 4o a bale 8oo bales 1 good Quality Coastal 61 65 a bate doy I 416 441o; n it* I 416 111) 
HORSESHOEING 
____________ 654 6443___________ 

HORSESHOEING 
Ja m e s 
H a llm a r k , 
S e guin 
I 379 7314, 379-34o3_____________ 
HORSE SHOW. Mac A rthur, Lei sure Stables, M arch 12._________ 
Lim ousin 3 yrs E cla ir 2 - '1 
Bloods, I, w ith '^B rahm an Ser- viceobie oge SOO 3264__________ 

Macdona Auction Sale 
Every Sot l l Noon, Cattle, sheep, goats, horses l l m i $ W 
S A 
Form Rd 2)7), Mocdona, Tx 
Need grazing tar IS to 2oo cows in 
Sooth Texas area Call 22/ o1*1 
(San Antonio. I I 3o to 5 a rn Mon 
F n .__________________________________ 
Nubian and Alpine M ilk Goats tor sole 336 2448 

AKC Yorkie Pups, Stud Service 
________ 735-6851, 734-273o_______ 
AK ITA PUPPIES AKC 
____________ 47* 4)29___________ 
AKITA Purebred no papers 
______ 656-1517 otter 4 p.rn ______ 
A kitas 
Bear Dogs). Exc guard and fam ily dog 
For 
Sale 
473-2)oo. 

ANIMAL DEFENSE 
League. 113oo Nacogdoches Rd. 
Pets shown 7 days (9-11:3o a m,, 
1-4 p m .) Need L o vin g Homes 
T e rrie r, C hihuahua, S hepherd, 
Puppies, Kittens, Many others All shots.__________________________ 

ASEA LURE COURSE 
C h u rc h ill H igh School E n trie s ; close 9 c m Sot ond Sun Afghan, 
B o rz o i's , 
S a lu k i, 
W h ip p e ts , 
G reyhounds, o il S ight Hounds. i For Into. 653-9*84.__________________ I 
Bassett Puppies, tri color, shots j and wormed, 
$5o and 
*75 j 
681 3865_______________________ 
Beagle Pups, females 525 
oo1-4o79___________ 
Beautiful Doberman "B a by Pup- 
: Pies'' Black and tan, red ond tan, 
922 17oo, 924-6324_______________ 
BEST IN SNOWLINES 
W ire Fox T errier Pups 
Ch Stud Service 655-9244 
BIRDS! BIROS! BIROS! Breed- ing stock. Lovebirds, parakeets, canaries Delivered Son Antonio, 
Carter Shenk 
512 729-1646 otter fr ill, 
BORDER COLLIES Pups A R F 
Reg 51oo *49 1224 

One year ald female Bulldog. AKC registered 63oo 1-722-oo7) 
P ick a P u ppy. M ixe d E n g lis h 
S heepdog and L a b ra d o r R e­ trie v e r , F re e to good hom e. 
M ornings 
822-6483; 
Afternoons 
826-6o59 

•P oo-C hi P ups* 
C hichuahuas, AKC • 423-2442 
P o o d le s , 2 fe m a le a p r ic o t s , I b lo ck m ole 54o 623 5)17.________ 

P O O D L E S - T in y -8 2 2 9291 
R E D D achshund m ale 2 m os. no pap ers 63o 633-o5)5______________ 
R e g . 
N o r w e g ia n 
E lk h o u n d 
P uppy, A ll S hat* 653-257o o ft 4 3o 
Reg P eking ne se at s tu d 
341-3457 

B o rd e r C o llie P u p p ie s . A I B C. 
« *5 L Ch Line 333-4298.__________ 
B ritta n y S pa n iel N o t Ch 
P ed ., 
Sole or T ro d e 676 3571 

 b u tt A K C C o c k e r S o a n ie i P u p ­ pies Ch 
B lo od lin e *125 *58 48oo a tte r 5 p m. 

Reg P e rs ia n S ilve r, fe m a le M ust 
Sell N ot fo r kid s 473 ISIS________ 
Reg P e rsia n S ilve r, ternate M u st 
Sell N ot to r k id * *73-1515_______ 
S a m o y e d F e m a le IS m o s , h a s shots ond '77 Reg v e ry lo v in g ond g entle dog *9o-o5*7 
_ 

Siam ese m a le k itte n 5 ' , mos *15. o tte r 7 p m 684-oB72____________ 
Stud S ervice, A KC Reg Iris h Set- ter, 558 453 2811_________________ 
T o v P o o d le P u p p y , fe m a le *58. 
349 2588 , 496-7478________________ 
T u ia ir Danes, A KC puppies, b la c k o r blue. 1-438 1*92_______________ 
V a le n tin e S p e c ia l A K C S ilv e r 
W e im a ra n e r 
P uppies 
65544o4; 
735 5842__________________________ 
W A N T AN AKC DOG? 
S A. Dog B re e d e rs R e fe rra l S er­ vice w ill p ut you in tou ch w ith a n e a r b y r e p u t a b le b r e e d e r . 
444-7787, 673 4483________________ 
W e im a r a n e r 9 m o s . o ld W e ll tra in e d 65o 684 4427 
! * w k old P u re b re d G e rm o n She- 
! o h e r d P u p p ie s , M o t h e r R e g . 
M a le s *3 $, fe m a le s *2 $ 
G o o d 
I m a rk in g s . 224-2854_______________ 
3 y r old sm e ll m ote Fox T e rrie r 
G ood w a tc h d o g 
N o t g o o d w ith c h ild re n 488-3497 o ft 5 p.m . 

9o9 FARHI BROKERS 
9 o 9 
PAWNBROKERS 

Phil Echavarria 

Stanley Helmke 

Raul Perales 
SAY "C A L C OR SEE M E A T ' 
Monett lumber Co. 
W H O L E S A L E ~ R E T A IL 
D ependable S ince 1935 
481 N Z a rio n io ra . 432 7611 

Reg M olt A, u i,.on M o re , G ra y , 7 y rs 6358 735 5 /52_____________ 
Reg 4 y r old Q tr H o rs * G eldin g 2 horse 
T ro lle r, 
Good cond 
I *63 2 )oo______________ 

SHALLOT ONIONS 
E le p h a n t G o r llc -G r o w e rs W o n t­ ed 
T h e y m u lt ip ly p io n ! p ro d u c tio n p ro d u c in g a c re va lue d 
5*888 plus W a itin g N a tio n a l m a r- k *t, alt you con p ro d u c e 733 1137 

S orghum H ay 61 38 a b a i* L ets OI 
IOO or m o re only 
Q jy *_______ 

S p ir it e d S o r r e l G e ld in g w ith 
Blonde M ane and Tad I* h ands 8 y rs W e s te rn P le a s u re , S o d d le ond T o te 344 toss 

WANTED!! 

 p a Y C A S H ! 

W 
M 
J * 
BUY A N Y TH IN G ! 
^ 
™ 
* 
PAY MORE! 
Son Antonio's Finest. . . 
PAWN AND JEWELRY CO. 

Is P aying 
TOP DOLLAR 

 f o r D ia m o c d s , J e w e lry , W a tc h e s , C la ss R ings, S te rlin g 
S ilv e rw a re , 
C om s, 
S ilv e r, 
P la tin u m , 
G u n s , 
C o m o ro s , 
R o dios, TV s, S te re o s, CB s, M u s ic a l In s tru m e n ts , T o ols, 
S od d ies, S p o rtin g G o o d s , T y p e w rite rs . 
OR WHAT HAVE YOU!! 
WE LOAN MORE ON ANYTHING OF VALUE 
(A ll Loans A Purchases C o n fid en tial) 
U n b eatab le B argains In 
N e w and Used M erchandise 
(Vt* oar 9o Day WEE la y a w a y Plea! 

SA VI T IM !— U U US FOR FAST PROFfSSIONAl SERVICE 
THOMSON’S PAWN AND JEWELRY CO. 
. “ V o u r fH m nd * " She P a w n B u tin e * !" 
3 1 o 6 Fredericksburg Rd. 
7 3 6 -1 8 o 6 

9o5 PORTABLE M I N G S 

D a m a g e d U s e d 
P r ic e 
12x4o 
H e avy D u ty F lo o r, F re e D e liv e ry te rm s 41) 4346___________________ 
F a ilo r y $ e c o n d 12x48 S to ra g e 
B u ild in g H e avy D u ty F lo o r F ree 
__ 
Den v e ry T e rm * 684-113* ._______ 

Stud S ervice, E g y p tia n A ra d H i t tg c g n d 11x32 w ood n o 
A ra b s t)Uu o th e rs .S tu d io 
»*#■ in s u la te d c e ilin g te rm s tre e 

S T U D S E R V IC E 
D ie s e l D e c k 
— 
* f - 
------------------------------ 
A AA ra tin g , son of M oon Oeck bv 
Top O e c k o u t o f T h re e B o rs 
B lo o d e d M a re s 675o 
C o ll G re g 
S m yth I 3*5 4 )6 ), Lo F ry e r 

Suoan G ro ts May, t i 58 u 'b o ie in b o rn 648 I ) ) ) 

B pww BmuBS B 

 s o u th ern m a y c o . 

PORTABLE BUILDINGS 
6 x 1 .. $295 
Bx TO.. * 3 9 4 
O t h * r s iz e * a v a ila b le u c . 
Q U A L I T Y C O N S T R U C T IO N 
" I ? 
T llA N A M E !8 

E S T A B L I S H E D 19o4 
W E B U Y A S E L L 
2 * A * !O N O i 
P L A T I N U M 
G O LD 
S IL V E R a p p r a i s a l s m a d e o n 

 i n s u r a n c e 
P URPO SES A N D E S T A T E S 
MS A L A M O P L A Z A 
234 1424 

Sudan Hay, 655 3385 

S U D A N H A V 
B ig B o le s in b o rn 61 58 a b ale , 
>888, Bfttcg I-833-4l l 2 
S U D A N H A V 36 So. p l 4 
1 
8 
__________________________ 
** ^ 
43) 4947 I ■ .p o s s e s s e d O ffic e 1x1* fa r m s , 
Super d elu xe G ooseneck tro tte r. 
E f t * D e liv e ry , 91458o) liv in g g ir t , 4 h o rs e s , b e a u tifu l 
Save l i s t * lo l4 x *6 P o rio £ ie 

■ H e a v y O uts Flo o r in c lu d e d ■ 
DITTMA8 LUMBER 
5oo S R B u in R d 
226-3T4T 
P o r ta b le • u i l d i n g ~ 1 ^ H m o i gun B onded SSI t i n 

"Up- e m I t i o4i i 

 y e a rlin g B aca P io tp e c tt AQHA 
Beg *48 1388 , 3)3 8 )1 * 

4 Young B la ck Cow o nd C a lf P a ir* 
6236 d r 427 2347 a t l l ween 
Voung H o lstein cow ond c o if Coil 
648-193) 

Y e u n g S o w *. D u r s t 
I T r a ile r fra m e 
Y oung 
R o o s te r* l l 
449 i l l * 
I y r aid B i uh m a b u ll, 2o Bt anm u h ellers *66 1*11 

I, I y r old F illy , I, 2 y r eld C oll By 
Tog 
O ivi, 
T A A A 
1 /6 2 )3 /2 ; 
I 7*1 3 
3 
2 
3 
_ 
4 y r a id R e g 
A p p a lo o s a M o re w h ile a im b la c k s p e lt, g e n ii* , goad rid in g h a r t* *588 18 m o old re g S e rre i A p p a lo o s a G e ld in g 
Good c o n in m o tio n *258 l l m o old 
P in k P a p e re d B ro w n A o p a io o ta 
S tallion D u d * s B o n a n ia and K in g 
B loodlines *158 491 2146 

B u n d ing 732 $171 ili g M ly D a m a g e d 1oxJ8 1} 
R educed F re e 
924 6)1o 

 n liv e r y , T e rm s 

9D7 
FURNITURE 

FU H TTT 
C om p le te b ed ro om 

T I R " A n T 6 n i A I -------------- 
L a r g e s t in d o o r 

FLEAMARKET 
E v e ry S atu rd ay S unday 
Shopping C enter 
3488 B lock F re d e ric k tb w rg Rd 
8 « c * Side of Center 
FOR IN FO . or R E S E R V A T IO N S 
381-7337__ 

 w 
" " m s 

 d ry e r, *79 9S 

 m m T r n u . n s of 
P lu m b in g Ce 
Teats end tiltin g * 
184 C y ril 453 3422 
Y U o W d e r 8 i r 6 i i i HP lo o U Y iU T Irlc C J W , U i W 4IY D J s * j i x f f i r i V k l * b u i l d s 
Johnson m o la r *4588 671 89M 
138 vutt 3 p h o t. 341 8338 
Term s, F ro # D e liv e ry .9 2 4 5883 

■ DITTMAR LUMB t ft 
SOO Seguin Rd, 228 3141 

9o3 DDttDHIG MA I (KlAl ii 

 a c m P L u m b e r a s u p p l y 
1881 A astm S I . 334 14)7 
U n iv c r ta i C ity, *18 t i l l r8Ti rc * 'm 
" N r * r ~ .... 

A L A M O E N T E R P R IS E S 
HAS E V E R Y T H IN G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 

 t A u T T T u * * 

I suite, *139 95 

 fawc8tt Furniture 
414 D olor OSO 
137 4512 
" tc o ro k n n * tftw n U w n T k rr fl 
' 
B a te m e n t. N ew used tu rn itu re 
231 E C a m m e r i e 327 *341 

L a c k 's D isco u n t X uTeK eute 
Used F u rn itu re and A p p lta n ce s t i l COt ISE U M DR 
215 7*44 tm MIM H U M U S 

— u 
, i t . r u 
; , A i l , r f — 
B uy te ll tra d * a n y th in g at yatg# 
1*24 I C o m m e rce ________ 

»D8 IH I I A t t ! s t VI s u i I k* 
ON 4 WANI ASI 
IH I N u M tlf IU (A te 
IS 3 2 * 1 84* tx e e l** ANO NI w * 

Holiday k a -ttenk e . r l 
8 o 'r lM .W Ix g ra w w o y 
1 -1 8 * U S Sr, V w h * lin k u «i fa n 
Son> iiw . i i , tx 7*1o1 s ir T r t - s t A i 

I I 1 1 *1 1 MI 111 H IU 

So m e t h in g N e w , a n d B a r g a in s T o o . . 

A tte n d a n A u c tio n 
See our Auction Column 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS —Sunday February 13 1977 

HMW tnNHf 
132 M IM I till 
T MI MCTM* SAH 
TK MlCliWMli 

' 
A U C T IO N 
’ 

On th« Promises 
TUESDAY - FEB. 22 - IO AM 
J A L BEVERAGES OF 
SAN ANTONIO, INC. 
4679 B. WALZEM ROAD 
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
_ _ 
CONPim BOTTLING PLANT, including 
At La Posada Hotel f 
Equipment, Lifts, Inventory A Office iq. 
I 
1ooo Zaragoza ii 
W 

~ 
O rd e r o f S o l. - 
I 
Laredo, Texas 
(IJ O ffe re d as a w h o le 
(3 ) O ffe re d P le c e -M e a l 

The Gold, Silver and Jewelry from the Estate. 

S A. * LARGEST 
VOLUME DEALER 
IS BUYING A SELLING 

* U s ? SILVER COINS * 
(U U rot DAUT m as) 
4o% silva 
KENNEDY HALVES 1965 7o 
(CAU FOR DAUT PRICES) 
Confidential Cedi Payment 
U.S. I Foreign Gold coins for in­ flation hedging (Expert advice.) 
P A Y IN G TOP DOLLAR 
FOR CLASS RINGS 
A DENTAL GOLD 
Selling Q u ality 
* J e w e lry * 
A t W h o le s ale Prices 
(D ealer. Invited) 
I oz. to IOO OI. .P M 
PURI SUVER BARS 
Suying A Soiling KARI COINS and coin collections — U S. A foreign — U.S. Silver Dolton. 
Paying S3.SO and up 
Wort!me Silver Nickels 
Silver Nickels, Anything Gold or Silver — jewelry. Dia­ monds, Platinum, watches. 
Starling Silverware Antiques, 
Ile 
(Highest Prices Paid) 
HARI PAPIK MONEY A Mex­ ican, Ca nod Itin A Silver roms from any country — Gold cains from any country 
CUSTOM Designed Caid coin jewelry. 
AUTHENTIC INDIAN JEWEIRY 
SAVE TIME— CAU USI! tor Professional Service 
Riverside Coin Co. 
4 3 1 I . Com m erce 
By Tho River 
329-49o3 
323-6981, 225-1996 
Moose Coll Or W rite For 
FR ff Premium Coin 
Buying lis t 

 mo} DACBERT’S ff^ t 

 n it 
IN V tW O tY C U M 1N C S 
4 -M I 
I 
N e w an d U aed O rgans 

Used organs famous brands: Lowrey, Hammond, Kimball, 
W urlitier as low a s .................................................. * 1 4 9 .3 o 
New Thomas Kombo Organ Reg. A R W — 
Closeout at $ 5 9 5 
New Kimball 8o, Reg. 
Sole $ 8 6 3 
New Spinet Piands'Tram $ 6 9 8 . 
A few used Upright at $298 as is. Plus many other piano and organ values. 
DACBERT’S Music Plaza 
N O R TH — 5 2 3 5 W a lx e m R d. 
6 5 4 -6 6 6 1 
S outh-— T 4 o o N o g a lito s 
2 2 3 -6 1 5 1 

ONE HALF MILLION DOLLAR 
PUBLIC AUCTION 

Sunday - March 6 - 1:3o PM 

Monday - March 7 - 1 :3o PM 

GENUINE FRIGIDAIRE 
PARTS AND ACCESSORIES 

SOLO AT 
STRAUS-FRANK CO 
FRIGIDAIRE PARTS DEPARTMENT 

Here is a poi Hoi listing of bottling equipment offered in this tale Meyer 
Dumore 12 wide Nosher #12738. CFM 4 28 filler S N im , Crown Cork 
12 head miler, Conveyors, complete with inspection tights, accumulation roble, guaid roils, stands, drive motors, etc. SOO GPM Saturotor, lot-fto tooler, Mixing tonks w covers, stainless crown Hoppei, 3 24 
Intiko water fillers w fittings I gauges Ivons heater, water treatment tonks, water A syrup pumps Iquipment is set up and reody to operate 2 - My toy lifts 3 Big Joe lift Trucks, Hand puli Multiton lift, floor safes, 4 • 
Checkout counters, 4o shopping carts, pallets, spate porn tot bottling equipment, work benches, ref-heeler. 5 NCI Cash Registers Model 2)o 
Electronic, 8 dept! 
INVENTORY: 
Appioi 3ooo coses soft drinks (diet A regular), approx 6SOO cases bot ties, osstd urn, plastic roses, approx MOO empty plastic cases, 1ooo lb sugar, SO cs bothy crowns, 125 got syrup A mm other items. 

NAVARRO PIANO CO. 
N e w K ohler and 
C am pbell Spinets 
$ 7 9 5 
Choose from Iroditional, Itohon 
^Provincial, French Provrnciol, ond 
Spanish 
Oak 
DUO ART 
Player 
Pianos, Knabbe Rosewood squore 
Grand like new Spinet style Pionos like Hew from $ 4 9 5 
I 
N EW Viscount 
Electronic O rgans 
M o p w ith us and Save, 
Low O v e rh e a d 
NAVARRO 
PIANO CO. 
1 7 o 2 N. COLORADO 
7 3 4 -6 4 6 3 
J 

SAU THU maUDf: repeater pocket watch, 18 rorot Perce! and leithoud in pristine condition Sevetol IOO geom pure gold bors 14 rorot lady s cylinder watch Austin Rakood pocket watches Cloisonne nim pocket watch U.S. 2o gold hunting case watch lucian Picard watth Diamond lings including S carot white gold 24 diamond clustei J corot diamond ond ruby ring of 24 boguottos of ported quality Omens of Solitaire ond duster diamonds Antique geld necklaces, eomngs ond brooch pins of 18 ond 22 carot In deli!ate filigree Ie massive bulk Chain broclets. Abundance of gold coins including the rot# 
Kellogg ond Co TO Dollar gold piece (I8S4). Silver coins by the bog Ootens of solid gold wits! bond watches in 14 ond IS corat Semi precious stones mounted rn tings and other |eweky items of geuine (ade, toby. Alexandrite and athel semi precious stones. Men s 18 coral cham link Idents up to 8 oun­ ce*. 

WHk ever 1ooo tots clo ttin g the bleck it'* jeet tee much ta cavae to this fitting 

 loo tim ctoseificwtian Naif Sunday foe Additional 
Detents ar write aer office for dote)led ceietegue 

ORGANS 
PIANOS 

HAMMOND t Vt KH I 
ROOGWS 
KAWAI lABlt NttSOM 
W . PEDEN, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 7 8 2 o 4 
223-9576 

425 N. M ain... 224-5526 
Wonderland... 732-8259 
North Star . . . 344-o248 
Desks, chmn, sofa, file cabinets, etc. 
TERMS: Cosh. Checks accepted with letter af credit from your bonk A proper IO 
Inspection may ba made by Contesting Auctioneer 
Open frorn 2 to 5 F.M. en Sewdey A Monday, fob. 2o A 21st. for further tole 8 brochure, contect 
COL. RALPH SEGARS A ASSOCIATES 
5 9 2 4 ROYAL LANE # IO O 
DALLAS, TEXAS 7 6 2 3 o 
(2 1 4 ) 3 4 9 -8 2 6 2 or 3 4 1 -4 o o 4 
Tcexeee M a n n * • T X - 4 S - 7 7 - o o 1 t 
S A L I POR B BH FVT OP S H A U BUB. ADRA. 

922 MUSICAI INSTRUMENTS 

 to v tilm tn l Arouo is in- forested In buying cain*, stamps, rolls, proofs, gold, Franklin Mints, 
Qts. Contact Dr. Vogt, 734-2o79. 

G u n a m , Gibson J-3o, perfect condition. 832 *965 attar 5. 
7’ k n o b # Grand Plano 51*oo, 
1-447-MS7. bender Bass Amp w ith power p la n t, Fender re v e rb head. 
Fender portable electric organ, solid body bass guitar with case 2 
Columm P A. speakers, F irs t 
9475. takes all. 4*2-2*49 attar A PM only. 

Baldwin Acrosome Piano Excel- lent Condition. $75o Coli 656-6*26. 
BALDWIN 6# Woson A rtAMLlki 
GRANO, exc. cond. For teacher or advanced student. 224-5536. 
PROFESSIONAL 
Organ & Piano 
Lessons 
All methods — all types of music taught. Begin ners to Advanced sty dents. Any Age. 
Call Mr. Coultress 

TERMS: Cash, Payment day af sol# Out to tho tonsidoroblo voluo ond Sorori­ ty of tho goods boing sold, a $1o viewing ond padding too wM bo dunged 
(may bo applied to purchase) 

INSPECTION IO 3o AM both day until solo limos 
Tm plTflTrT Tcaasnc^T oT TTJir 
Eptphone hollow body bate, SISO 
Sure microphone, *75. 137-6116 
Days; iti-O lts attar lorn 

CRITCHETT PIANO CO. 
No Time Limit an Rentals 
Rental Purchase Plan 
1*o7 W Woodlawn 
7J4-42t7 
JOHN JONES 
A u c tio n « e r-T k G C -7 7 - o o 2 9 i J. KANN A ASSOC, Int. 512-542-4122 
5o96 Blanco Rd. 
Son Antonio, Toros 78216 

A v c ffo n P f C o n fid e r o u r a m p u ta tio n !! 

Son Marcos Antique Auction House 
5 milws South o f San M a rc o * o n H w y . 1 2 3 loot far lad, White amf Due Windmill en JE Ranch 
WEDNESDAY - FEBRUARY 1 6 - 7 P M 
698-7o13 

o QUALITY ITEMS 
O' DISCOUNT PRICES 
& LOW CLASSIFIED RATES 
JmJk» D " l O v O 
GET THEUS FIRSTI 

PARTIAL LISTING: 2 $ rolltop desks, 48 In. and 54 in. lady s Queen Anne desk 3 bookcases, J with itodid gkm doorv Walnut argan kitchen hutch. 
China cobnuts Sidebands lookcose seer# tor lev Marble top washstands 3 oak dining room scutes (I Queen Anne). Fine washstand, pine trunks, dressers Parlor tables Bedside lommades large pine chest of drawers, fkepioce mantels Gents press, Carved with beveled mirrors large oak hoHseat Armoires HaNtiees. Queen Anne Wop leaf roble teacarts 
Farmlands. Coal hod. Shaving mirrors. Pianos Granddaughter dock with 
Westminister chimes Mantel clock. 9 pieces (blue) ironstone china Flow 
Blue pion bi Bawl and pitcher sets. Conred oak serving troy Pewter tow/ dominos And mony many other items. Come see this fine quality merchandise 

ARMRto 
* INVEST IN Q U A LITY * 
V E Y I 
A, fa* Additional Information 
( A 
JC 
CMI m - J 7o1 or 392 7oo3 
«o5£SH GARY FINGLEMAN 

Noblet Clarinet Goad Condition 
915o. Coll 644-6524 otter 4pm 
' Large belection of Antigua 
P L A Y E R P IA N O S 
ED GAIDA’S 
AUTOMATIC MUSIC CO 
28o6 N.Floras__________735 1546 
PIANOS RENTED Option to Buy 
NO LIM ITED TIME 
D a c b e rt’s M u s ic P la z a 
MOO NOGALITOS 
723-6151 
5235 WALZEM RD 
654-6661 

Gory’* Antiqua Auction Nous# 
I 
417 Colorado, they IU , lechhert 
GULP CLUBS with bag-selling urgently Kenneth Smith 1*75, hardly used. Cheap. 349-o217. 
Gray and white mink and leather locket Wrap around. Sire o. Worn once 94*o 684-o525.____________ 
Green Colonial Rocker, 545. Ster- eo with 2 speakers 54o Uphol- stered Rocker 54o. 6*6-o36* 
A lu la r 6 v A f ib lf, round back with case, like new 925o *27-3*48 
Heavy pool tabla, in slate bed w ith accessories 9275. C urtis 
Mantes 25ln. Color TV with stereo system console, 52*o. 674 553o 
Hummel Annual io u ir'otg. ton 
454-1277. 
IIM electric fvperw riler, model 
C. Checkwriter Paymaster. Party roble with choirs. 736-1o*o_______ ita lia n P ro v in c ia l, olive green and biege Quilted sofa 5275. 2 Match­ ing barred back green silk chairs. 
975 ta 828-53o1. 
71 JEWELL illinois railroad was. engraved, made around 1*1o, 515o 
535-4521 
Jukeboxes and gam es. C a ll: 
346-7444 ofter 4 or wknds 
Kenmore washer and dryer, SISO for both 922 *454 
6 Kirby vacums. in box w iifi at tochments 77 model Rag. 9379.95, 
Sacrifice 923o.oodelivered Lost apl deal Austin I 451 72oo. 
Kustom PaToO goo?' Condition. 
Column speakers, 536o 6*6-8653 
Lad . s and boys < lathes leather coots ond aquarium, 534 3o53 

R ece ive r, SANSUI w ith Huge speakers, 54oo. 735-83o*_________ 
Recliner, large type, like new. 565 
6*6-145* Otter 6pm 
___ ___ 
Red M o d iltrra n o a n Sofa, HZO 
Red lounge chair, 565. Excellent condition 673 6*6o_____________ 
Refrigeraior, coppertone, frost- toto, 52o8. *98-911). 
Refrigeraior I* CU ti Frost Free 
Phllco. *22-9*95._________ 
Rpfr icierator, (reeler, automatic washer, works good. Reasonable. 
226-1*5*. 
R etrigerotor-Freeier F ro stie st 
16 cu ti. side by side. 6 mo. old 
337 6o4o 
Refrigeraior, 17 5 cu. ti., side x side rn good working condition. 
333-o221 
Refrigerator, larqe, seoTWange", 
535 Bed, complete, 525. Living room set, 535. Automatic wastier, 
S45. Large living room lamp, 53o. 
Misc. 337-81*8 
REFRIGERATE good condition, 
575. Coft 673-44*5 
R efrig e ra to r S12o; F rig id o ire washer 512o; gas dryer 5135; 
691 1686 
REFRIGERATO RS 17 CU I i i door frost free, *75, also apart- ment site, S43 333-o271._________ 
22 Rem auto , S6o 218 B Win. chester with scope, $25o 12 gouge 
Brownie, outo , S12o. 3o3 rifle, 56o. 
3o6 with scone, SISO. Gun cabinet, 
$7o. McCulloch chain saw. SOO 
Kerosene pear burner, new. SIO 3 end tables, 13o. S quirrel cage water cooler, 53o. 2 old 4 wheel wagons, 51oo. Hoavy duty Singer electric leather sewing machine, 
535o. 2 wom en's 14 ca rat gold rings, l l carol gold brooch, all tor 
916o. OW china painted scroll. SOO aril Only. *23 5736 
Soy al M e d a llio n ll E le c tric 
Typew riter, C orner Beds, w ith 
Bolster* U t. 6*6-8o54. 
Rug, Tx 12, avocado shag, pads. 
Pd 53oo. SOM SBS. o24-1o35_______ 
$arahBov*ntry je w e lry 
735-7512 i i W I H t M ABW lN f-G ood ru n mag Zig tog NKO. dean appear once. 95o *73 33*1. 
(ringer sewing m achine, desk type, stool, excel. SIO* 2231583. 
Singer sowing m achine desk typg, stool, excel HO* 223 o583 ib F A - it o , m atching sofa ond chgir, ail Htrcuton. $33 s*>o’ 
Jota, ctiuir. Cr'ioniei floral Wood turn, « w<. old. 344 58oo 
__ io ta . buncon Fhvfe, beige and blue Sofa, dees brown toothor- llko. Lazv-bov rocker recliner. 
Severol choirs. 
All like new. 
3*1-3936 

Soto- 4 piece circular sectional. retoU 9148o. good condition, 545o 
4*4 31o4 ib L D HOME Tired Paymo sloe ago. Many housohoW and docoro tors pieces, silverware, 12” TV, 
Largo Moola Stereo Combination, 
Living room tobies, 13 pictures, 
! lovely lamps, I gold double width drapes. 7$peakar$, 2 3x4 oriental rugs, brd.ureods, pot and pans, dishes, banks, twin and regulation bod sp rin g s, 4 21*48 wooden frame m irrors, 3 older vacuum cloonors, double dresser w ith m irrow. 2 medicine cabinets, out side ontenna, m en's-w om ens clotbes, and much m ore 
No decent otter refused, l l 4 all week 
634 Rhapsody, t. 
•invokers, new lA f. List $12* 95 eg.; 
2 tor si SO. 
673-46*1 or 
474-33o3. 
Stamen leaded gloss windows, 
*145 each 727 1173 
Statue Fedesiai* from old chunk 
Cfolder u s Chairs, Telephone Ta blo, Hat Stonds. (Wood Burning 
Heritor. 656-8336. ile a l door guards 14$, sLn i ii a ileal door guards $12o *24-o4o4 ilfe re o , to n y AAI-Pm coTsell* corder with Airline (tra c k deck and 
Craig headphones 
92oo 
I 34t.|l*4 itereo. so - JI' Ponosunu plus a realistic 
I track dock. 
9725 
AI3-FN8. 
Stereo"'I en pot room I -.peed J j SBOdfctr *4# 6SS-173I 
_ slewing "F ialworo. 'fc’• •> ii ti Renal* sane# I pwce. se' vin* aes voluo l im . asking 114oo 14* 5744 oh I 
I U ptEr e' STTv'o r'T j Vc f lolw oro 
55*o Stook Sot 53*. Moot fork IM 
o3o-3o12 
__________________ s ta rlin g silve r, Vewle F rencli 
- prov Int tot recliner needs wphol story, very expenstve new 
1 SOMMO_______ _______________ 

TV, color, com om otion record 
Plover an AM FM radio, S3oo, 
6*6-9183. 
- 
T V -IJ ’’ color E a rlv A m erican 
Moo novox, *1oo, 4*4-5775 
(jklT E D FREIGHT SALES 
No. I ................. 
1o4 E. LAMAR 
No 2 ... 1o41o PERRIN BEITEL 
Fine Furniture • Fraction at rotoii 
O T t'6 # f F ilfiB b A f6 b 4 — 
CENTRAL SERVICE CO. 
7o7 WEST AVE.. 734-4237 
12 V Craig power plover, quad a m FM I track, MHZ Stereo. 4 SO or F la t suspension speakers, 
S2oo 6o1-1o81 atter IO AM ______ 
Vent-a-hood, 47‘, $2o, bedspreads. 
$15 each; light fixtures, S3 each, atter 4, 684-2*38 
W ALK IN COOLERS 
16'byW ' and 5’by7’. 514-3661 
W A kltE O 
Baby C radle, and 
Bookcase Reasonable 734 o784 
W ANtED handmade Hems to be 
SOW on consignment in o country boutique. Contact M arcia Luce, 
7o7 Paulus, S chulenburg, Tx. 
78*54 or coll 713-743-1*16. 
WANT lib : Old used Golf Clubs 
McGregor Woods onto. 826-78o6 
W A N tlb ; used electric trom s 
Lionel, Ives, etc. 344-6554_______ musher and dryer. Whirlpool, apt sue, both HO veils, S2So Like new 
Copt. 
Thompson, days, 
221 271o. 
Water la d with frame and liner. 
$15 Stereo consol*, SIS. FVr For table Craw AM-FM cassette. $4o 
Lorry: 233-5o15 
_____________ 
W estern Saddle, SM *. In d ia n 
A mr y ^English saddle, 
$45. 

W h ir lp o o l 11,ooo b tu air con­ ditioner I year old 473 oo42 
Windshield, grille assembly ior~65 
Chevy PU 535 67* 7833 t o ll Umbrello Tens, complete: 
$55. 11o metal folding chairs. 54 ta. or 51*o tor oil 341 4234. 8-5:3o. z fe N ltH (TSLOR P O A T A ilT 
LATE MODEL TV SISO. 733-1o31 
Zenith i i ’1 Color Tv. perfect cond. 
515o, *34-o7*6. 

928 - MERCHANDISE MMT 
LIL oI d ia n. brand new^noITs : I 
*12o. 673-8333. 
Adding machine, O livetti, Elec­ tric, 55o. Coll 684-3668 
Air compressor with hoses, Seers 
JHP. Spray point gun and I potion tank, like new.816o 6*o *612 
Air condllioner (tab BTU, com- piete single bed, and m atching dresser with bed stand, chair, dining room table. 226-oo3*. 
All in one comb, sink, re trig, elec. stove, oven 342-o226 
All Must 6 o ! Solo S3*, Desk and 
Chest 52* each Dresser *35, Dou­ ble Bed $35 Refrigerator, Stove 
*45, too numerous to mention all. 
17o5 West Ave 1o-6pm. 732-65*5 
AAA-t^M stereo with 8 (rock ond turntable SBO *23-6513__________ 
A P P L IA N C E S , electric b uilt in oven, cook top, dishwasher, ex- cellen!. 826 2864 
___________ 
Automatic Telephone Answer ond 
Message taking machine Soles 
Demonstrator. Retails, 542o, now 
52*S. Record-O-Fone, new war- ranty. 675-2245 anytime.________ 
A voca d o stove, 1o m os old s i f , 
34* 1*5o after 2pm 
B lh V 'GRANb Piano with very I 
OW bonch. 515oo 274-4755 
B ih ^ G R A to b Piano with v e r- ii 
OW bonch 915oo-224-4755 h f itemsrrecliner china old I trunk 824 >24 ofter 5 3o 
Baby twtog i i i Rocking hors# 
58. Drossos. 534-667o fiahy Thlngs-ilrW ier, potiy, high choir, uonts, shirts, clown choir, socks. Good shope oil $4o 64o-1467 
B argain I Leather coal. sued* lack of, 9-1o 214 5o21 
Seoiililul 6 2o" col at irW IH ' U N 
ANTONIO, TX 7o322 2 648-3399 
MRS. 3-11-77 DATKM1-77 IO 4o1 
Bills pd. I bedroom *135. Ooll- crost Clr. 648 33*9 or 696-o446 
BeoutHul Like Mew Spanish Style 
Queen SU# Bedroom Sot. Triple 
D resser W ith Tw in M irro rs .. 
Chest on Chost. com plot* «3So. 
17o5 Watt Avo 
Beautiful late model Voppon gas steve with grille SOO Matched set w asher-dryer, m int condition, 
5235. Black ond w hit* TV 945. 
RCA color p o rta b le 
5175. 
Frigidair# 2 door gold frost tree refrigerator, beautiful condition 
*225 Chrome dinette 4 choir* SIO. 
I ft Deniable bar J stools 515o 
Drop loot harvest table honey maple 4 chairs SIM. Chest treater 
575 Double mattress sot $5o, King mattress set 94o. Twin or bunk bods 1125 HW* abod, til* cabin*!, 
L shooed desk 656-32o8. 
Beautiful Medium Hue Star No- tu ro l Sapphire 4.3o ca rats un­ mounted onto serious inquires. otter 6 684-4181 
B e a u tifu l o il W hit# Wend I n a 
Coon with 
Veil 
Sue 9 $1oo 
456-4*34 lo a u lifu l plants tor Valentines 
Day, 453 4619 m u TV SHOP E q u TTmT K TT dryer, shampoo bowl, shampoo choir, hydraulic chair. All like new 6*o-14$* otter 6pm 
BED double, remote control to roise-lowrr hood and toot, excel­ lent mattress set $3oo 655 123* lied, k ln o s li* never used, still packaged, e x tra firm (W orth 
S4oo) complete 5178. Includes 28 yr guarantee and d e liv e ry . 
Usually home 6*4-8234 
Bedroom liv in g room , dining room turn. queen, full sue mal- tress, bpi mg*. 654-6725 
Yr-riroom set, wolnur dining sot, twin btu . bookcase, yellow ond w hit* dinette set, Spanish and 
B orty Am erican sofas, walnut desk, bor ond stools. Copperton# 

Bedroom Suite. M editerranean 
Dining Sal. Chint! Cabinet. Bunk 
Beds, Twin Beds, Sofa. Maple 
BIRON#, Hutch, Wingback Chairs, 
Maple robles. Tea Can 337 8113 tearoom sutta, rotlawpy frame 

 i K o l two complot* twins, sani tiled, *38 each cosh 826 8338 
I IC VC Ch, lodvs. 74", excellent cond 93o 8*2 3414 
BW Buy*. New A rtus super loom camera paid SSM sell 1* 8, stiprt wave r ad o Ilk* new pow 1131 soil 
99*. orris bicycle 3-speed ond ac­ cessories 5J9, B 4 1 w T lo o k 6* W a W L fllM l ( I T 
Volumes I 3o Cheap o26-8222 
» 6 T T L F l 'o T i EC f o R y 
MuT» sell 1oo8 beltie collection In pur k- ope t i t Avon*, milk. whiskeys, 
SPM*, etc Make otter. Bai 248 
N a ta lia 
Tx 
78o5* 
641 446* wknds 876-7452 PW 5 3opm 
■ •vs 
Schwm n i l k * 
Good 
Condition 54o 684 58o7 
Br ond now Power ckw# Pt> 7ion ii 
Power Oenerpter with Dolly l i t to 44o outpsrt A Baroain at 54*o 
344 f SA 9 a i F I f u i'tJ ' s k a g "ii sa” VTT sotho pa actine 52*o 342-o611 otter 

ESTATE 
SALE 
Sat., toto. 12, JO-5 PJB. 

41o N. MAlto 
224 1741 

 fftO M P fe t. K ing te m p o w ith case, excel cond. HOS. 4*3-2356 

Sole will include the complete furnishings ond Inc A-(roc of his 4,ooo so. ft. home 
12-piece Sermon (hippendol# dining room. Ruby gloss chan­ delier. 
French table lace. 
Sterling, crystal, silveneore, 2 
Grondfothec docks, china, pool room, brass, ftientol items, books. Minor jewelry, quilts, carnival gloss collection, antique whatnots Wrought iran, electric rocking horse for grandchildren, den furniture, kitchen ware 
Wesley Reed, ogent for the estate, will be rn attendance os the property it also being li­ quidated 
SAU CBNOUCTfD BT 
J. KAHN A ASSOC. 
SOM Bianco, 342-U22 

HARVEY’S AUCTION 
“ • • i e N o t* N o w D a f t* 
Sunday, M s IS, 1.3o FJA. • Wander, to t 14. J FJA. 
45oo WEST AVENUE 
Another Mowmwtii Antiqua Auction—About IBOA Piece* 

 trconemed 
Musical 
Instruments 
American Loon Co., 227-o577 
W urlitier Spinet Piano 
_______SIPS 344-6542 

PARTIAL LISTING teakwood tables, rocking and other choirs IS china ciAmets Preyer benches Piano sfoels. S tocreioiy desks (owed chows 
Rockers ond tobies Marble top pieces, hotrocks. lomps Plontofton ond other desks. Halltrees library tables Rugs. Iross. ceppei, bromes, (ode ond ivory pieces Oak beds Dressers, chests, miners, pwtuie and picture frames 
Compotes. Sideboords Wardrobes Commodes Oriental object plus good selection of inc A Brot and hundreds if other items too numerous to list 
SO COME AHD SEE to t YOURSELF^! 
DooIon ond Cohocton — Don't M it t This A u c tio n 
A L W A Y S SO M ETHING FOR EVERYONE 
Harvey Braswell - Auctioneer 
73o Wand* 56. TXOC-77-OS3? 
LOCATION. 45M Woof Bee. (Berltotu Sla pping Center) inn-kl and Drinks ^rv^olfo^bfo 
AA^xs rerCki^ir(ye c• egio^i 

Damaged Greenhouse 8x4, 8x12, 
Terms, Free Delivery, *24-5883 
Roto tiller, Words. I 11 hp. excel- lent. 2 yrs mil 481 77o7.________ 

A ir co m p re sso r, 
C hicago pneumatic, troller mounted, new motor 51258 6*54483._________ 
Arr C ra ft Landing M at*. 4882 
Roosevelt *72-5441________ 
_ 
Airless Groce 4oo Like Now Coll gjtorjRW : 347-42*1, ext l o; 
Allice Chalmers, 4ooo lbs. Fork 
UH 48o2 Rogsdvoft *22 544) 
Austin SNI wheel, good cond. SIS*. 
658-2*56 aft Sam 

Additional Classified 

Calor TV, I* " Portable, excellent cond. 5115 534-8*35 dolor'tv , l f p a ri SHA, t b i pel- let rifle, SIO **o-1478 
7 5 1 6 3 W 
H " -M A . ««c*ilopi: 
9175. Black and whit* portables, 
537 58. 545 731-8747 
7 6 L 6 3 " W " }fc iW lflg t o b if l- 
M IN T , SAM S PHOTO FACTS. 
MUST SB L L I *53 35o6 
Couch and iou# sval, excellent condition, Spanish style, $275 Call 
452-1355 before Sam 458-1882 offer 

 piiMBiigitepdNiMiidBBipiMfltewiMBtedpipBwwwSpM^ 
11........ 
'"'I 
1.... 11 I 
YOUR QUIDS TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 
■XPRESS-NBW S 
SERVICE 
-C g u tfl, 541 d n A H . t i l 
Com 337-4751 
TO PLACE ADS IN THIS DIRECTORY CALL 2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 
A ir^ n d m o n e M rT to v e T B o F y 
Item s, Swine Set, M isc. 88o4 
Wimbledon Braun station, West 
Sat and Sun. 
I Aem ily Garage Sole' Thurs.- 
Frl. Loop 4to and Bandera Rd., across tram Skaggs 
5*3FA CF* ^ A IJK 
6- ver y thing you need, to start or complete a house 
Camera supplies, tomes, clothes, comic books, etc. 558 P atricio 
Hormony Hills. o A R A O i Ja L b : lo v in g Mctnv household items, children's cloth in * Sot.Sun, Fab.12-11. 131o 
Burnside (corner Robin Rest) 
G i d r f f Y ic 
6 aT a GT m g r hor* Sun Furniture, toeis, hou sehold ite m s, lots of m iscellaneous 45o7 Shavano 
Wood* off 
De 
Zavala 
Rd., 
493-1IM. 
Misc. Roms, French o- droom sel, 
SISO, 191* Deer R rdft. 494-3171 
Sieve, While Tappan t a i 
Good condition 732 4563 

Ook. Walnut, Metal. Executive. 
Secretory, Student - large setae lion 549.5o and up. Also Good selection of F IL E CABINETS. 
1131 Bass* Rd , 711-7147. 7)4 3881 
Binelle U T I * ' bauble bosser- mg*. SIS. Adiustabi* hollywood bod tra m *, SS M irro r, 24x)4” , 
SIO. Stooping bag, SIO. Zenith stereo turntable, and speakers, 
SAS. 8*3-4119 
D iN ito d room so l)"i mo*. oldC brown leather swivel seat wooden table top 
Gold basos. 
51o8 
457-1549 b lW lh lt table, old solid wood wilt) 
4 choirs Lawn m owtr. Portable fence. *7) 7*oo 
Double Brasser nod Bed, M i Set of T win Bed*. Maple IVO tor both, 
5 pc Dinette 175, R efrig e ra to r t i l l . Stove S4o, #22 *24*. 
(2) dressers. I bedroom set On# hosp TOI bed 533 1o47 otter 6: 
Electric guitar, great condition. 
Cheap John Kelly, 455-o151 
IT F F 'R a n t c. r iT T h o ilo l 
Onions Bio notional market wait­ ing all you can arow. 733-1137 t neyclopedios 548 in c 14 Wed ding dress, never worn, 55o Mini biho, 548 654 1142 
End tobies and coffee toble 
White'* metal detector with dis- criminotor Coll *74-6738 
E ve ryth in a M ust 6 o ilo v es, 
Dishes, Linens Pots, Household . 
Goods 1)2 Wilcox or Coil 474 8o4o. 
1675-8347 
Poke fur solo. 57o Chained lamp, 
SS Ic* cream treater, 54 Hoover vacuum 91o Record otoyor, Oec- i co, SS 481 312* otter J pm 
FOR SALE 
Electronic (Equip men! also M agnetic R ecorder 
I Tope 11 in. en 24o8' reels Opouu* 
Proim tor ond More *71-2114 
FOfc SALE te le p h o n e s and paris Write tor tree catalog Sur pius Saving Cantor, Bot 117, Dept 
MA 27. Waymart, Po 18472 

Freeler, 17 CU ti Prest Free Coto spot *23 *9*5 f f m i r i i c». r diesi w»h ice maker SIO*, forced air wall furnace with circuioimg fan 515 
I W-43T8. 
Greeter, Frig id a ir* I i 1 $121. Air 
Conditioner Frederick 229 volt largest unit made Cooled Entire 
C u n d y Store E x c e l l e n t Condition 
Now Cost 561o, Will Soli For U M 
I 733-4716.______________________ 

FOUNDATIONS 
LANDSCAPING 
ROOFING 

All Foundation Repair 
Ara your doors dragaing-w alls cracking* Coil 134-4118 anytime 
Licensed and Insured n r p n A S f 2 6 rra u to & A T i6 H 
REPAIRS Also Small Carpentry 
Work. All Work Ouar Free Bsf 
*37-514 
Foundoiion repairs Guaranteed work Free Est 111 9284 
M O U iE L E V E L IN G 
THE IRISHMAN to YEARS EXPERIENCE 
Note. Never lake lh* tin t pricer 
IJJ-PRS I o r 
734-7511 man lo de found a 11 o n renoir! ond house leveling Solis taction guaranteed. No lob to small. Coll 6S8 S573 

 t r * iT T O ( iiN ii T O "n r; "C T x lob noht Hie fir ti time Now roots. root repairs et an types Pre* os! 
459 1o39____________ 

SM ALL M A IN I BN ANC E CO 
D eleting C arpet in v e n to ry at wholesale prices! 654 64o* 
" U 1i7T # 6 <?Ar P IT i i A V l l t 
______ 924-1858 Of 234-8144 

X3dnTomTiBrrorr*nruT^ fettle saving* Call me 934 78o8 r e rroEroTT R yf ' N f E l i "Adat lions, co ncre te, general re m o d e lin g . R easonable es- ti motes 436-8o97 otter tem ______ 

LANDSCAPING 

Ut/1 K A U I t il CNTY c l M u ! 
OAK 
TR EES 
FOR 
S A LP . 
I 175 *o31 or I 1*1 51*1 

CLARK'S Rooting A Hemodollno 
Frog Est 134 I t l l 
1$ VRS kxperienc* on Composi lion or Oravel Root R AMIR BZ 
J43 781o Lie 
"T rT T o g rT C g B B J n n T w g S r" 
733-7341 
¥ubvsiliino rn my home Week- days, soma ovens , some Solur- doy't. North post oroo. 655 4448 
Chil ai a rt Ie my hem*. 57o wkly tor I child Orop-int also accopl- gO. 34f-39|t. hiicicore in my homo, Alam o 
Hats. T or roll Hills 824 1137 
D tp. one:bit womon wants baby sifting, dor and night, parttime or fulltime, SIO tor 2 or SBc on bour. including hot lunch and snacks, 
)4*-4S5» 

M IL D EW R EM O VIN G 
COMPLETE FINANCING 
FREE ESTIMATES 

FREE EST. TV RpMMdT J#V*. 
Honest, low prices *24-#7e6 
Hove Your House Woshed Before 
You Paint Preserve* Paint Jobs 
Boof C leaning 
P a in tin *. Any 
Typo Repairs Free Est G arry 
Home Improvements 341 7*ie 

1447 ROOSEVELT 
*34-8*54, *24 8557 
SEW ING M A C H IN E 
REPAIRS SERVICE 

? o o rc n n # *3 T riR in T # rv T !7 ^ 
Motes Fro* rn shop estimates 
1525 West Avo , 544-9471 
A SPH A i t ' RE P A R IN S " AHT) 
FATCHWORK. Wo do drivew ays, gravel work, No lob too big or too sm oll F ro * estim ates Coll J E F 
ASPHALT CO 474-7264__________ 

T n tia u e ^ lo p lIa n n p rT irn u tu rir 
P A IN TIN G . P A PE R IN G 
P LA STER IN G 

Z^G orrrrY om TTnTY onTr o T n jr 
Free Est in t E X I 734 784* 
Pro# E slim o le s A rlh u r P a intino 
C o n tra c to r 
In to r lo r, e x te rio r 
Acoustic ceiling 43S-IM8 
5 t* H A * 6 f< M H U !-------- 
R E L IA B L E 
E S T IM A T E S on 
P a in tin g P a p e rh a n g in g ,S h e * fro c k . W indow G loss, R e p a irs 
Budget 
Term s 
1412 
S 
IH H M B rry . 
I Paper Hanging,' jko in tin # W ork 
G u a ra n te e d R e fe re n c e s B u r ­ nished C om m ercial and Reslden 
Hoi Reasonable 
Jack W illiam s 
1349-7933 
[P a p e rin g , P a in tin g , P a n e lin g , 
; Sheet 
Rock 
Repair 
Landry 
[7)5 45)9 pf r-e 71 
PAiRtitoo j in ton er. 
E xfe rie r. 
Free 
Bsf 
I43FB94I. 

If3-8537 
Estates. A nything of value from one piece to houseful Call 
343-4755 A nytim e 
Est 
1*4* 
Buying late model re frig e ra to rs, tre a te r* n e -ri.ng repolr 341 1845 

CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy. Sell. Trade, Repair 
5)23 SAN PE PBO 
M I 3327 fu s il tor old clocks, stained gloss, music boxes, organs e asiest 
C A in tor your Used Piano 
224 7111 ar 224-11o7 
----------------5TA"M B to6i---------------- 
W illiam *. 277-8762, 158 E Houston 
I Buy W ashers needing re p a ir 
Kenmore, W h ilo m !, or G eneral 
E lectric 434-2883- 
__ 

D IR T SAND G R A VEL 
FILL-TO PSO IL 

 a I J T oS? T ovn T onc^a^enM R rr 
7 day d e tiv. D U G I T R U C K IN G 
CO. 1)7-4248 anytim e 117 5o and 
UP 
A B a rro n A ll lyp e s d ir Launch grovel Year round del 435-8157 r<T i6to"DlIlvr ilT ti'6P L l» 
M ONEY, 
514-7947 anytim e 
$2) 4144 fc lfe iito & A I6 r rT T 6B i f l u 
Best g u o tity, else sand top soil m ix 
O P E N 
E V E R Y 
D A Y 
4)5 *719 , 433-148* f t l l l t O R A V /irT A to b A l LdA M b a i l e y 
659 3782 b ir l Topsoil iond O rovgl Loam 
Boy H endrix. D o kvtre d 341 384* tT o 'iia g s a m . i r r T ?m -M ,m 
434-412 
Even. and weekends 
4B4-9863 
Top lo ll, S r a v o l D e liv e r anil 
Spread 
NW and NE 
434 IIM . 
'431 4211 
T A P I A H . t f H P f l l A v f I 
2 1355, Soturdoy Sundoy_______ 

" " U l b i ING AUB’ W i'a Y IS? " " 
Hove 2 ' I Ion tru c k * 533-1147 n a a r fc A U iiN c iT a fE A v 
I piece or house fun 
DOV or N it* 
APT M OVING SP EC IALITY 
1 
ol»S»B§___________ 

^ ^ ^ ^ T v p # s ^ ^ o n c r« T * ,y&ori^',,* 
■PtBOl, 924 7491 
A s p h a lt c o n tr a c to r 
S e a lin g eaved asphalt d rive w a ys C lark 
Asphalts Call anytim e. 337 9185 
AX CT 7 
M 
^ f T l u A f i 6 t l Aon' e ra t* Slabs, foundations, patios, porches, d riv e w a y *, sid ew alks, ond agoho* 5)3-4428 
C oncraU. b ric k and rock work*. 
Patios, drive w a ys, foundations 
7)2 SSI* or 4)5 6849, CPII R ichard 
( A n c e I T e w 6 lg ~ PXTrS?' 
Sidew o lkt. D rlve w o yt 333-3141 
B o n e r o le w o rl"""‘po lf# , w a lk s , dnvo w ors too* ast J (hun 1 ara 
W8>7777 
Discount ion all concrete ro c ! SSS m asonry w ork Don* now P ro * est AnytiH»o 224 8459. 532-5718 
D riv e w a y s , p a tio s , w a lk s , remodeling and m etal brags Call wy -s m or »27 ssm. 
J I L C a n til u ciieil. Bone ret# work et all kinds House pointing and rooting 
B o ti price in town " Lie. 
I 
1484 Coll 337-6111 or 333-5883 t » f w i r P 'iB T$w"Briv;wo7 s"io" tie. sidewplfct, and whaf hove you 
Ne tab lee sm all M R A M IE BZ, 
434U79*. 
' ___________ _ 

C u t, T r im , W ool T i# * * 
P re * 
Estim ates 
JESSIE 
433 77M or 
433— 36 
Tree* and shrubs trim m e d P* lo ken down Fro# hauling 141-7457 
T U T T 
— 
WTW ! * 
Cut Trim Haul 
DAVIS t i l IOU FOLKS 49* 4#* 4 fr o e s lr im m o d . lo p p e l' a n d remove slumps HauRng, Atter 6, 
334-1 111. 
~'T*pp8 lr im mg A cheap 
~ 
___________ 934-8*36__________ 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
E vgrything Must Go 
Desks, Chairs, C rgde nta t 
Cubicles. Etc. 
I to 4 Daily 
2o$ E . T ra v is , 736-2896 

 a h 'TW xCTiuiTt ro (flo rin i B d ; lr en I Sooths,an 
_ 
O lym p u s 6 H T ' 1.1 un J cose! 
188mm 1.6 tole s u n idee 818-3*2* 
Otto Corol iolifore Bing Alfpi t 
8684181. 
ArnomenTal iron porch lo lu m n t. a n tia u * g ra p e d u s te r design • needs retin I th in g *358. 4*1 1o53 
O ve rstu ffe d sofai, H e rculon. ex cetlpnt MOBB. I I SO 4*4 7874 
P ana U m b re lla , l i t , I U p rig h t 
Cages tor sm oll a nim a l 5)5 aa 
Double Sink and Fixtures, too I 
Sectional Brow n Spin 5*8. Eosy 
C hair SSO, C om plete B e* H ives 
>iu, Fence. Post tor A nim al Fans 
528. H a n g in g F ire p la c e w ith 
Heater 5*5. Pink ond Gold * pc 
Din top Room Set SMB. MI-1 SM 
'. pc dinette SPD. II" ocf*Bpn lo b ie with 4 swivel en g irt, pood cond 
$75. CASH O N LY ! Call 484 38o4 
W e e slereo AJii-FM 4 R^'mmSRT 
575 good cond 4*4 34o* iH W H lA L lt f f l g ' P A A L TA 
BLB B E A 5oN A E LB . 824 4854 or 
734-6411 
P is lo l 77 M agnum (fa v o r Boon 
F ire d 578 T v e *w rir# r, A ntique 
ISM. Oliver 548 *24 64 I. 
* 
P t lH T P A I T T lI ------------- 
344-3833 
Pool Table f fcelailTW, sellHUI, 
435-4578 oft 4PM 

I t ) PORTABLE OB Teievison tis each M opnavtx home entertain men! certie. 585 12 calibre pistol lls 
AN in apod w orking ardor 
B M I 
P roM ure Cooker, new 4 a l Pres 
; to, npvei used, SIB 224-4845 
, B cA W hirlpool washing machine. 
SSI Soars Cotospoi retriporaSpf, lr ost free, ileu.M , t i l * W u p rd 
I tresl-fro* re frig e ra to r, i l l # 
! 431 434* 

 w h i 'St m oving and hauling Yard wark 434-1816 
T ro t trim m in g 
BEBMpg 133-5786 
_______ 
WRJKWE. 
CALL JIM LISTat 
613 MBB or MM M# 
Too Cosh gglcl tor youT uid new­ spaper ond C o rrupaN d A ABCO 
Roper Stock l l 5 Car arvo *3*8611 
W A N T E D - ' A lrr c on d o m # lr * - 
PhlOt Also br-ur ru g *. B o ll to * desk Mon -Rn, Ho t m 
W A N TE D 
A A IO T T V needing ropoir 
Must be roosonabl* 

W k U rtO nets-w o rkin g R e frige r a to r* ond Free I ars MB *385 
W AN TED 
Used corre euie d me tot rooting. 471 7777 
W ANT k b 
W orking et not wgrk- mg re frig e ra to rs 
435 5558, 
873 7878 

P A IN TIN G 

Z c ompto 1 ^ # pO r r o r T C w p Bng 
S e rvict City Wide 657 4138 

 c e m m . r n r n r ^ n r r r o - R n cleaning, hauling trees fn m itie il 
9331315 
Aepeni) a bl# Y e rJ m g n , F lo w e r 
Beds. Light Haul, G eneral clean tog WO MSI. 
(.awns. Cut T rim l i q * / LM ves 
Vacuumed Anytim e 533*615 
Trees. lo w n s.M o d g e t , T r tot toed ond Hauled Reasonable 335 974} 

 fTS TFent* rf*!-.- u 'r n ^ T w o w ) a n d c h a m lin k 
F A R M E R 'S 
PBNCB CO *33-9511 or 67)4337 
A r i ' T i u M M t w a - 'j a 
’ r 'g r , weak, 
Free c $ i 
Low prices 
4IS-6316 
I tiU sto r P lutobsr fc tp a irs t-m re m o d e lin g 
C a ll 
R ic h a rd , 
I I I 3414 Of 415 888* 
~b a v 'A ij n Y i r m r a n i ^ 
Ret roble Bunded 814 97*1 
H A T TI K P l J 'C T f rW IT H T A Sk 
O V E R 
H E A D . 
518 IO 
H r. 
LiceRM d Bondod **33417 
We answer you. < un lu s t1 Sewers, leaky faucets, waler healers, any type re p a ir or new in sta lla tio n 
Texas P lum b!ap Ce . Inc 418 B broadw ay Caw anytim e Mo 9*83 

G eneral C o n tro l tu n , H e nry 
B u ll a n d G e o rg e F o le y . 
S g o c ia liiin g in o il typos of c o n c re te and m e ta l w a rk , sidewalks drivew ays, patios m etal star ag* roams, window to u re r and all types at lent in # , p lu s o lh o r h om e im - gravam en!! com m ercial ond reside ntial Coll 6)1 9428 tor tr o t estim a tio n P rio r* 6pm. otter earn 413-583) 

FR E B Z B B . Gibson U p right $45 , 
Z e n ith , c e n ta l# s te re o SI88, 
M icrobe osm ostik w ith co m e r** to r SUS 
H udson s in a i* s ta g * pressure re g u la to r SIS Treadle 
Sewing M achine 5)5 28” Youth 
E lko 518 ] W heel T ra il B uggy 
IIM . *96)714___________________ 

 p M eB Z K A , G ibson u p rig h t IS? cu. It 
L ike new 
SITS 
R ecent model W hit# Zigzag sew ing roe c h in t w ith cabinet 52oo For ap pom im onl <ud:-655-971l 
F r* e i* r alk«pa J r IH k ; *p ff« u * vanity and bonch 568 349 2IM m t m i y . s i r n . h • M i j n r n r 
I t l l oH tr 4 pm M IS S I 
LINC 
IMM fro n d ! P ro vin cia l RCA color TV 
HED uke UPW 937 5837 f u t tu to r e A p p ll on c o * J * w eir v 
A ll A p p lica tio n s a p p ro ve d w ith required down gay men I Coll im 
- 
—1 F u f" ?T2 222r 416 Brady fu r n it u r o i ii rourns Iii t 5658 or bes! otter 333 IM * 326-4479 
H p " GuliunToiie uird wuler pumo 
>36 *96___ 
$ i Washer and D ryer 
*14o 
674-6**9 
'A rid Kenmore' gas rung*. I mas eld. eke at cond 5288, SEISMS 

FIR E A EEO WOOD 
3T<WK, lf (.'point eleclric, while. 
5125 341-3883 
, 
TiSIS and chairs, aoli student desk, 4 oak choirs 533-7411 
»"A4l 1 ■HiWBIHWTl . W obB , 
) PT ROUNO. 4 FT OVAL- 5*8 M 
337-SMS roue dei » - ••."(!»(I. rT T W a r p B T 
**. reel toreel solid stria, USS 
144-4)14 t lF T 'A g B k , TpSf H l i r e i i i channel S5B Base MdBtlg. to BRIE 
AMFM co sett* store*, 833-8139 
T rtC H ym W g l'T ily T d u r Valen­ tine A Mink Strip, 34 1 2361 
Tltousa. J Oohs Guui Mom ho »hro tor Sri* 349 35M, 494 747o th re e Deere, ►rehune M etal dram a, For C om m ercial U t*, 
Surplus Molar Cabinet 3 Hi#*, 
9739389 
V iler. I HP $m ,% cfcoin ill lyon, excettont cond ,61)5, *92 3414 
Tirgt i sAto on CtiovT rims, TTTT 
Hi-fi record plavor, ISS S ilver­ ton* Or pan, *88 337 8687 atter 6 

Low pricos tiiph puW itv cone r*!* work Call anvtinid. M r Concroto. 
22) 5667, »3 S I1 9 
D ovouruTm orY JTS pIo^ you Ilk * to m ake your own togs and SOV* m oney? C all 341 4531 ask tor Andrew 
JE#buv Furniture, Appliances 
B states Antiqua* Gloss wore ole 

T T o T o p T o r ^ T r W e e d T r T o S * tram Rooting to Foundation No 
Job Too S m a ll! F ro # B tl. A ll 
Work Gum onto ad 937 5834______ 
A com ple te re p a ir s tr 'v lc t cor pvttn y 
»" Uo *u n f 657-4126 
ATI ly p e t c p rp g n try w e rlL 'A to o ro o fin g , p a in tin g , s g tis fg c tto n guaranteed 
No lob too sm all 

 fire w o o d by Irucklopd Spill, 3 9 and stocked tar 925, 924-69)4 
5 o 6 A W6 o b! T O 'car J d e liv e r.ii 
9 3 3 - 9 8 4 1 ___________ 
Oofcweod delivered 548 iru cklo o Y 
19617W ieusonxd uok and m esquite i i i it u' slu aa Oui a VON 6M 5983 

R E M O D E LIN G 
Phil Echavarrta 
Stanley Helnike 
Raul Perales 
IV 
C ALL OR SBB MB I 
M W A , 

Pistols 7)8-1796 
OTT* AV BAU ------ 
For Good Used Furniture 
'A A ' fe u n 'ju llr ii ' TC3T7 i « .«iing 
Foundotien R epair. E xp erience and R ill unix 172 1715 
R f B W iriU B TIAH------ 
Honest hard w o rking Fgr g pet tor MO, CPN US, 149 2391, 13* *938 i i T M f f - r y u K m r Y T C T T f ; 
L e v e lin g 
C eder end C o n crg fg piers Free in spec iron s i) soso 

Builder s Associates 
A d iv is io n e t o o b r o iio r 

YTrYTToTnnyTftoTTol^rTTTng room , din in g room , t i l Si 9x1) 
IM H rues 
S II 58. 
337 ISM, 
>25-13o1 

 iV T T A l l a t ia n B a rpd T T n r uieurw T il*. Any sue Any Place- 
A nytim e FREE estim ates Atter 
6, 34 I H M or 381 1959 

*16 Potorusa 

W 
I A I W 
I lion *33 4311 

^ 

F 
R 
E 
E 

ALL 5 OF THESE FINE QUALITY PRODUCTS 

BONELESS 
ROEGELEIN FULLY COOKED club ham, I vi n m 
LB. AVG. 

PRINTED I DEVELOPED 
12 EXPOSURE ROLL 

NO FOREIGN 
OR CHROME 

H U L — 

J u n i u s 
EXPOSURES f%7 

P 
R 
I 
N 
T 
S s l 
2 

 n r L% 2 BREAST QUARTERS, 
5 
2 LEG QUARTERS, 2 

 n 
EXTRA WINGS. 2 
-<£ SETS GIBLETS A 
I o h B 2 NECKS. 

3 IS. PKG. O * M O M 
1oo% PURE BEEF 

COLUMBIA MILO 
OR GARLIC 

DEVELOPED 
FROZEN FOODS 
WHIP TOPPING 
POTATOES ALBERTSON S SHOESTRING 
B R O C C O L I . - "rrr?............................. 
STRAW BERRIES.--.......................... 

8 MM OR SUPER 
8 MOVIE FILM 
DEVELOPED 
NO FOREIGN 
FILM 

2o EXPOSURE 
ROU 
DEVELOPED 

O KA NCI 

IV *'*! 

LB. ^ 

LOAVES 

VIE CARRY VALENTINE 
CANDIES TO PLEASE ANY 
SWEETHEART AND FIT 
ANY BUDGET. ALL FINE 
CANDIES IN YOUR 
FAVORITE BRANDS. 
SELECTION PRICED FROM: 

SKAGGS ALBERTSONS PHARMACY 
NOW OFFERS YOU FAST, 
“ CALL AHEAD” SERVICE. 
SO YOUR PRESCRIPTION IS READY WHEN YOU ARE! 

WALZEM 
656-79oo 

BANDERA 
6844795 

AMERICAN 
GREETINGS 
CARDS 
DON’T FORGET TO TELL 
YOUR SWEETHEART 
HOW MUCH THEY MEAN 
ON VALENTINES DAY. 
SAY IT WITH FINE 
GREETING CARDS. 

WASHINGTON 
STATE 

^ AVOCADOS : 
5 LEMONS — 
5 GREENS — rf RUTABAGAS rf TULIPS 

C A K E S . 
COOKIES. 
POUND CAKES 
CREAM PUFFS 

CARDS 
PRICED 
FROM.. 

LARGE 8 OUNCE SIZE 
ALL PURPOSE LOTION 
FOR YOUR SWEETHEART 

Chinin 

^ o n *IN I Cr NNN! 
P k ^ F N H M l y S u n 

MICU l»HCTIVI SUN.. MOM.. 4 TUI*. 
MIRUAIY I*. 14, 4 IS. 1*77 
3 BW S J . LOCUTIONS 
TO SEM I TOOR REEDS 
WALZEL AT MIDCROWN 
5538 WALZEM RD.— 656-62oo 
WEST AVENUE AT BLANCO 
^ 11743 WEST AVE.— 349-5287 J 
X 
BANDERA AT IH 41o 
4 
57o7 BANDERA RD.— 684-8S52 

SUBTLE ENGLISH 
LEATHER I o2 COL OCHI 
CUT BOLED M WOOD pniwnhw* Unbid 
U 
MA , 
M llk > 
$nb»n ii ni mtrN bf r i l l y . I ; Y R 
JI’ . , . 
F M U lv B u n 

Buy all 5 of these quality products in designated sizes 

 at a total cost of $3 5o and receive by mail a 

$3 SO R E F U N D from Colgate, subject to the terms of the 

 refund request form available in our stores which 

 m ust accom pany proofs of purchase 

14 
POWDERED CLEANSER 
O I 
POWDERED 84 
DETERGENT O I 

o2oo5216 

USI HOPP S FLEXIBLE CREDIT 

VOtUMl SA U S HAVl M A D I 

HOPP S THI PMCS 

FOR FINEST SERVICE CAU 

7 3 6 -4 5 2 7 
'll >#»H WU' 
8 2 4 -6 3 2 7 

 n o r t h e a s t 

5 3 2 7 3 7 5 

' SOUTH 
SINCE 1936 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Sun. Feb. 1 3 1 9 7 7 

 r g M iT H 
\ 
* * - 1oo% Solid-State 

A 
A S * / ’N III 
✓ 'N 
X 
X k M i a l f o h l l 

SUM-LINE PORTABLE 
POWER SENTRY VOLTAGE REGULATOR SYSTEM 

Diagonal 

Color 
Portable 

1oo% SOLID STATE 

I- I 
C O L O R SEN T R Y 
^■|al H 
o p p 
’ s tr nu 
LOW LOW * K W e J 
S 3SSS^ “ 
\ 
PRICE 
* 

DON’T MISS OUT— HURRY! 

I 2o3 PAT BO O K ER RD. 
GE H EAVY DUTY W A SH ER, 3 water levels, 3 wash & rinse selections, permanent press care and normal cycles, one only. 

I 5 cu. ft. Whirlpool Freezer Upright, Key Lock, white only 
231 I S. H ACKBERRY 
GE G IA N T SCREEN 2 5 ” diagonal C O L O R C O N S O L E , 1 o o % Solid State 'energy saver" chassis, contemporary styled cabinet. 
WHIRLPOOL REFRIGERATOR, 
\7 cu. ft. capacity, 
166% No EFdit~with 
A U T O M ATIC ICEMAKJER, one o nly white, small cabinet mar.__________________ _ _ _ 
G E W ASHER, fully automatic iaunri* slim 1 6 " wide one of a kind special • floor model in white. 
2 6 o o W EST AVE. 
GE BLACK & WHITE TV 9 ” diagonal in gold colored cabinet special purchase — 2 only - hurry. 
_________________________________________________________________ 
GE SIDE BY SIDE REFRIGERATOR 17 cu. ft. capacity, 1 o o % Frost Free, one only • reconditioned - coppertone color. 
G F pORTABLE C O LO R TV, f T71 diagonal, 
1 o o % Solid State "energy saver" chassis, in line picture tube system, handsome cabinet styling. 
I 533 AU STIN H W Y . 
GE C O LO R DEC O RA T O R STYLED PORTABLE TV, 1 9 ” diagonal, Solid State, one touch color system, custom picture control, deluxe model TV, walnut grained finish includes designer coordinated bose. 
G E UPRIGHT FREEZER, with adjustable temperature control, door storage dooFToct jwith self ejecting key, fast freeze shelf, one only -white, I 2 cu. ft. capacity. 
G T A U rO M A T fC ErtGTRlC D irVFIF, full fabric cire with u ^ o W m 
S dF Jr y mg time selection, I 15 volt-no need for expensive wiring work, one only-hurry. 
W O N D E R L A N D MALL 
RCA C O LO R C O N S O L E with REM O TE C O N T R O L, automatic fine tuning handsome walnut cabinet, big screen 2 5 ” diagonal TV, reconditioned one only. 
ZENITH C O LO R C O N S O L E , dual speakers, 2 5 ” diagonal screen, Danish Modern 
Walnut grained cabinet with REM O TE C O N T R O L SPACE C O M M A N D one only reconditioned - hurry.*______________________ 
FRIGIBAIRE FRO ST P R O O F REFRIGERATOR, with bottom freezer, deluxe storage, roll out baskets, ice service and meat keeper one only, reconditioned - hurry. 

 w 
GENERAL ELECTRIC 

SOME SCRATCH-DENT-FLOOR MODELS-SOME IN CRATES 

_ 
_ _ _ 
SOLID STATE 
- 
I O 
COLOR 

DIAGONAL PORTABLE 

9 o2 S.W . M ILIT A R Y DR. 
GE REFRIGERATOR FREEZER, big 17.6 cu. ft. capacity, super storage, one only borgoin. 
__________ 
BLACK & WHITE G O N S O L E , 2 2 ” diagonal screen, like new reconditioned set, was 
$259.95, one only hurry._______________________________________ 
BLACK A WHITE 
G E AU TO M ATIC W ASH ER, heavy duty, dependability 
PORTABLE 
CENTRAL P A R K M ALL 
W HIRLPO O L AU T O M A T IC DRYER, full fabric care including cool down cycle for per mo press core * suer buy - one only. 
________ 
_ _ _ ___________ 
LITTON M IC R O W A V E O V E N - one only, floor model, cooks food in less than Vt the normal time, nutrition stays in food, does not get "cooked out” , full 14 minute timer uses m uch less energy.________________________________________________________ 
G E C O LO R PORTABLE, I / diagonal sc reen. 1 o o % solid state "energy saver" chassis, in line picture tube system, handsome cabinet styling. 

7 STORE BUYING POWER 

26oo WIST AVE. 
733-9138 

WONDERLAND 
732-7193 

— 

S f l v 
U 

THE MONEY SAVER 
FOOD WAREHOUSE 

Pried* good thru F ebruary 1g, 
1*77 a! 22o« S C o llin * In 
A rlington. W a ra aa rva tho rtoht to lim it q u a n tltia t. N o n a to la to b a a tora. 

L O W L V [ R Y D A Y M O N I Y S A V I R P R IG ! 

"Each of to*** advert!,ad it*m* I* r# quired lo bo readily avallabla for tale al or balow Itta advert!*#* price In each afore, aicapt a* ape ob colly noted In tot* ad.' 

BREMNER 
CRACKERS 

B O N U S B A R G A IN r 

DEL MONTE 
C O R N ' :;*%35° 

LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 
VIENNA 
Q 
$ 1 
.SAUSAGE 
U cans 
I 

B O N U S B A R G A IN 
RUSTY 
DOG FOOD 
$1 
11 oz 
B 

C A N S rn 

L O W E V E R Y D A Y M O N I Y S A V I R P R IC E 
P E P S O D F N T mm 
A m i l T SOM w»t>iuM 
AUULI t,MHAM° 
TOOTHBRUSHES 59 

L O W E V E R Y D A Y M O N E Y S A V E R PRICE 
GREAT FOR PARTIES 
GLOVER FRANKS 

^ 
LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 
“ f 
SAVU QUALITY BEEF 
FREEZER PACKS 
EXTRA LEAN . CHOPPED BEEF 
OVAL 
PATTIES 
PROTON DELIGHT 
^PATTIES 

1o-LB 
..B O X 

1o-LB. 
.. BOX 

$ o 9 o 

$ o 9 o 

 upW"' ——W"11 awai—wa—awa—wawawwa*»aa«—nniMi-inw •— a>*tiiiwwn n imar—MMniMi Mint-rust a—nim ut-n,M*T 
«M«n. 

' 
LOW EVERYDAY MONEY SAVER PRICE 
^ 
RED OR GOLDEN 
DHJCIOUS APPLES i 2 i i 

LOW EVERYDAY MONEY bAVLR PRICE 
PATIO FROZEN MEXICAN 
T.V. DINNERS 

1 1-o/ 
BOX 

OPEN SUNDAY 

95o Bandera 
3719 Blanco 
134o Callaghan 
2o2o Austin Highway 

3622 Fredericksburg (Northwest Cantar) 

3oge 
2-D 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

B u lle tin 
B o a rd 

W HATS jOMING UPI 
SAN__________ft 
THIS WEEK I ; 

Hospital garage going up 

Construction of the six-story Dallas Street Parking 
Garage, across the street from Baptist Hospital, starts Monday. 
When completed, the garage will accommodate cars for patients, visitors, doctors, pastors and employes. A helistop for air evacuation helicopters will be located on the sixth floor level and will be directly tied into surgery by an overhead bridge. 
The Dallas Street Parking Garage is a continua­ tion of the major $11 million expansion project underway in the hospital system. 
Officials estimate construction of the garage will be completed in about one year. 
Kelly sets surplus sale 

The Defense Property Disposal Office at Kelly 
A FB will conduct a local spot bid sale Thursday. 
Surplus items included in the sale are carboys, steel and fiberglass partitions, gas heaters, tubular steel beds, steel drums, beverage coolers, office machines, washers, dryers, chairs, and a battery charger. 
The sale items are available for inspection at 
Bldg. 3ooo, East Kelly, on regular work days from 8 a m. to 3 p.m. Inspection passes may be obtained by reporting to Bldg. 3o3o, Room 114. 
On tin* day of the sale, parking will be provided at the NCO Open Mess parking lot in East Kelly, with transportation and pusses into the sales area avai­ lable from 7:3o a.m. until the end of the sale. 
Beautify to hear Burke 

Scan Burke, philosophy professor at Incarnate 
Word College, will be the guest speaker at the monthly meeting of the Beautify San Antonio Assn. at 5:45 p.m. Thursday. 
The association will meet at the San Antonio 
Garden Center. 331o N. New Braunfels Ave. 
All State Insurance Company, 62o7 Pecan Valley 
Drive, and the Texas Hotel and Motel Assn., 852o 
Crownhill Blvd., will be recognized as dedicated beautifiers. 

Cadet choir to visit S.A. 

The United States Air Force Catholic Cadet Choir will visit San Antonio Friday through Feb. 21. 
Under the direction of Edmund L. Ladouceur, the choir has appeared on national television and radio programs. 
The group has scheduled performances at 7:3o p.m. Saturday in the Antonian High School auditor­ ium. at IO a.m. Feb. 2o in Kelly A FB Chapel No. I and at 12:15 p.m. Feb. 2o in St. Mary's Church. 
At 8 p.m. Feb. 2o. the choir will perform in 
Lackland A FB Chapel No. 8. 
The final appearance will be at the Bexar County 
Retarded Children's School Feb. 21. 
The San Antonio Academy Parents Club, which is sponsoring the choir, needs assistance in providing lodging, meals and transportation. 
To volunteer, phone Terry Krew inski at 494-3349 or 
Mary Louise Romo at 333-o621. 

Black history celebration 

Kila Austin Community Center will observe the occasion of Black History Month with a program entitled 
“ Black Genesis — From Africa to Ameri­ ca” Friday. 
The center's activities will begin at ll a.m. with a 
"Roots” Day in the senior citizens facility. 
Activities also will include a special program from 
5:3o to 7:3o p.m. featuring un Afro-American food festival, exhibits and displays, music, dunce and dramatic presentations. 
Keynote speaker will be State Rep. Lou Nelle 
Sutton. The public is invited. 

Classicists will convene 

The San Antonio Classical Society and the Texas 
State Junior Classical League will hold their annual 
City Convention at St. Mary’s Hall Saturday. 
TSJCL members from more than 25 high schools throughout the state w ill participate in the activities. 
Students will present dramatic interpretations of 
Roman poetry, learn Greek Folk Dancing and participate in a Roman costume contest. 
Members also will compete in Roman history, vocabulary and Greek mythology’ contests. 

KOA lo hear '‘wills’ talk 

Problems often encountered in drawing up and probating wills under Texas law will be the subject of a talk by David G. Jayne to a Thursday luncheon of the San Antonio Retired Officers Assn. 
Jayne is a retired Army lieutenant colonel, a member of the law firm of Tinsman & Houser and 
SAROA's newly installed legal counsel. 
The association meeting will be held in Ft. Sam 
Houston's Officers Club at noon Thursday. Reser­ vations are $4 5o per person and must reach asse­ dat mn headquarters (Box 8o37, Wainwright Station) by Monday. 

Group lo study passivity 

Drug Abuse Central will sponsor “ Passivity 
Confrontation” from 8:3o a.m. until 4 p.m. Friday at 
321 N. Pecos St. designed to bring about a better awareness of passive people and how this type of personality lends itself to drug abuse. 

Lila to talk to Southeast 

Mayor Lila Cockrell will address the Southeast 
Dei elopment Foundation at a noon luncheon 
Wednesday at the Pecan Valley Country Club. A question and answer session with Mrs. Cockrell will follow her prepared remarks. 
The mayor’s appearance is part of a monthly program for the group where city officials are muted to speak to the southeast area residents, businessmen and professional people. 
Reservations for Mayor Cockrell’s talk can be made by phoning the foundation at 333-8411, 

Book Fair set for mall 

M IC H A E L 

... guest speaker 

The 
San 
Antonio 
Branch of the American 
Assn, of University Wo­ men will have its annual 

Book 
F a ir Thursday through Saturday in Cen­ tral Park Mall. 

Mary Frances Sween­ ey. chairman of the Book 
Fair, said there is still time to donate books, 
National Geographic ma­ gazines and phonograph records for this year’s fair. Call 824-o47o or 
733-1318 for free pickup. 

Principal beneficiary of the sate is the {educa­ tional Foundation Pro­ grams of the American 
Association of University 
Women, 

N a t i o n a l U S O 

 c h i e f t o s p e a k 

Michael E. Menster. USO national executive director, will be the guest speaker at the USO 
Council of Metropolitan San Antonio’s annual luncheon meeting. 
Menster, 36-year-old graduate of Villanova Uni­ versity, is the youngest national USO executive director ever appointed. 
At the luncheon, at noon Thursday at 41o S. Alamo 
St., officers will be elected and committee chairmen will present their annual reports.___________________ 
T O D A Y ’ S 

$ 5 
o 
* o 
o 
o 

S 
W 
E 
E 
P 
S 
T 
A 
K 
E 
S 

*1,ooo 
BONUS NUMBER: 

□ [ H i l l - E K 'D - [ E I H C E I I D 

The following numbers win 
TWO $5 SPURS TICKETS EACH: 

461-8o-1542 
463-76-4961 

465-32-5645 
464-12-1o65 

463-6o-1941 

 d e a d l in e . 
5 
P M M o n . 
2 - 1 4 - 7 7 
No claims honored on Saturday or Sunday. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ 

 tification to the SW EEPSTA KES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 

Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will bo 

 forfeited otherwise. AIL PRIZES ARE IN THE FO RM O F GIFT CERTI­ 

FICATES FOR THE AM O UN T W O N REDEEMABLE AT STO RES W H IC H 

HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE N E W S , 

O R W EEK END EXPRESS-NEW S THIS W EEK . Winners of Spurs tickets 

 will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free 

 tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH *1 ,o o o OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$5o o EXTRA IN PRIZES! lf you’re the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you're a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you'll be awarded an ADDI­ 
TIONAL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $25o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you’ll be eligible for! % 

N O PURCHASE N EC ESSARY. Entry cards also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. Winning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8-.3o a.m. to 5:3o p.m. Monday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

Th* Rule*: 

I . TO (H TM 

 a . A att r a s e , c led in le rm e tle e an d y e a r Secret t o , a r n , t o n * , . aaa M l * tm tW UN TM U IX- 
M I U 
AMO 
M « W t 
P O 
OOM 
USS. ton >w. , l, (aaa, 

I* 
• aracari, 
„ ilia tta.I, ton An- 
1 I,ara,, and th* Hmm*, ha a» Aa anti Aa awarded an ad- din anat MOO to yn cai 
H A a 

 nd tm rn eastcerd. add-,.,,, and 
A nn i, « * ,d Ma * a r t o u ,, •> ra­ dii ire d to a n t * ,, t o to , . a f d , a ttn a -n tto to e a* 
A n l,# ,n M and 
Mn ar,. A*#. I and A tta %t . tr#n> 
• t o ..a t . to 
1,1o p m a w k d ay,- t o w a # to i t o k A a "V II" to, d to# ama to Mtortto ta 
A n I , ara,, mr M an., mr toto mr M raw a..A to add a a A a a A a , aa ,a r Or MN A A a 
MO t o , lf to v da n a , ar tu t to ta to c r ito 
11A ar a n i t o v ara ntt#A ta tar 
A a p m a , lf r av ,a n d A A a «#m» 

7. PRIZES dr,,*, ar A be aNarad dally, luan­ da, Arna## Into, I* Aa ton 
Aatoaia I* yr nu and TM# Maw, and totarday and tonday m Aa 
• •ataccNew, to,** aa rn drew- in* .anda.tad daily and an In day, tar Mm arank and, an, 
Man day, W-nner* mu to a ar ar dad 
|dt 
.amine*#* 
Aam ta Aaa chatta rn ar, hand-rn 
Iran, 
Arma tora advert.,## rn Aa to 
♦anta tiara,,. Thn Hmm*, c . ___ ardny mr tonday I,drat, Man, dana* Ant nato 

SUMO#, H llllt W U CONSIST or 
MMUS 
MOMMAS 
MOUM 
SI o«o Od U M I TACH wild 
HUS IO SHUI IS TICK ll I I ACM 

 ntntto* mf th* Sunday 

 anTtMtn* 
‘ ratal! 

 ar tot 

 j yrn-an* ntoritor tm An dan, 
I, ara,, Od Th* Man,, ha ar A* nd to anardad aa addihanat 
S IS O rn a ria n , 

Sh TU* OAT adult WIU CONSIST 
Of no in 
:» i i i id i i i 
I sault SS TU*ITS IS NAM) 
DAUT touts IM SOTH TMI IX- t o l l s AMO TMI MiWt 
•soil) 
*» II) ie i i i 
I Shuts SS TICXITS ll AAI*) 

A 
TOTAL Of 
9 1 o o m t o u t s 
DAUT HUS • SS s n i t s TICXITS! 
3. MOW YOU CAN 
WIN: 
A d r a m a * n ill Sa b ald d a lly ta d a ta rm to a A# ta U a n ln * d a y , 
• - a r t - t o to r d a y . t o n * * , an d 
M a a d a y m n mr* n ill Sa d r a n n 
A * rn a i a d m * t o d a y . T h * a m h a r ya a m a d M y a m e n try A * a n tra 
-ra n k , y a a mtt to a tt*ia ia ta mn an,att 
4. OiADLINI TO CLAIM 
PRIZES 
Winton* nmnton md S a e-touch- ad amin day ta Aa Sen Aniente l* a r# M , The Maw,, and tetorday and Sunday l> y .,,.N ... 
|*. am u nam an mu hare anni 
»aan Aa latten in* day la chmn a*1 *• t Man, atinner, wdl hay# 

 antu S a rn. A a la d e u rn * d a y to ctottn a n e w M a m a n ta * num ber to ana*,Mead an to d a y . S etord ay. ar Sunday, A a a r n a , mw*, t o claim ed Ny S p .m A * (a tla n ta * 
M unday ar A n y « H t o (u n a ired . 
W inner, m ay t a n to lh # Clr. cal atom Ona! mf A * l e e r e d - 
N a n , S u tto n * A ra I and Thud 
Si. ta claim (hair * » > e , 
They m eet h a v e aread e l A nte S an a! 
S e e m * num ber, a lt e r a b ly a 
Sa,tai Security card e t a , atour 
■ d anw toa n an W inner, m u tt can* to ,! A a t e a r e r , and M an* by Mia mpprmprtmtm d e a dlin e ar a rn a * m il t o tord etted 

S. WHO MAY ENTER 

Th# SSO O O O iweepfttefce* 'ft it 
•POM N I e e y r e t r e a t p l p r e * w hey# the Son A n i ern e l i p r p t * 
The N e w s e re UtbftrthwEeU 
The enty rR p n rtm R n t •§ Hmm h e 
•r th e h o v e • MMiei 
S ew n *? 
MvfNbe* 
Im p J e y e e t mood m m rr A - 
Of* 
*•«!«<*#* el 
I*preft* N e w s 
Corp and W e rtd a n n cen* C a-. thaw e * e n t , an d d t d r A e t e r , a ra n a ! 
* lt * A la 
M O a u d CM A S I 
>S 
M IL IS S A * I TO I M H * OM C LAIM 
A e t u i 
A n M i r y ca rd a d b a 
♦u m ieh e d Moan r e s e a ,, Train to e 
San 
A m an ia 
I , a r a , , a n d 
The 
N a n , h a m H O e m ta 
S. 1ft a-th- n a t o d a y *. 
W tn m n * n u m . b a r , m a y t o m e w a d a t A s I * . a r s ,, - M a n , am id in* 
(re m 
I SO 
• rn. to 1 ,1 o p .m . 
M a n d a y .t o ­ d a y . a r a , e a s t* h h r e r * . d u rn ** 
I ra a n h a m , 
T O U 
M H O 
MOT lU d S C t lt t 
O d 
M A K I 
AMT a lid CM A M b u t y s e m u *, a m a r ta to ah o tb le ta m n THIS ©TTI* IS v o w 
W M H ! 
C Is r iiC T IO b r 
SAW 

A D H E R E T O P O S T C A R D , P L E A S E ! — ■ 
■ i n 
San Antonio Express 

The News *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES ’7i 
Moil IO 

 llRTOIS o«d N an, SWEEPSTAKES 
" O i l . m s 
Son Antonio Tarsal ZI 29/ 
ATTON circulation dept 

MY SOCUA Mcwarrr mumms rn 
DDOTXH3DDD 

□ 
H o o t* anim rn* rn 
Mw 
SWEEPSTAKES on* I would 

* * •» d«t*» o Subscription OS 
TES 
*ndKoto4 bdlow for A# o*1! 
•o beys 
□ 
P*dOto an rat rn* in 
A# 
SWEEPSTAKES bid 
I prof** not to or bor o subscription to 
N O to# papdc I ot tors trow 

TELEPHONE 

API 

MAA*! 
.... 

 tM d lU 
_ 

CITY— 
- 
. 
. . . . . STATE 
_ ____ it# 

D Ptoost ‘ton Athymy of tot N *n» 4 Sundoy D Pitas# stan dt>>.*r, at to# l<pt«%i 4 Sunday 

□ Ptoost I tort d*li«oTy O' bod, I sprats and Now* 

□ I AM akoady a tubber*#* to to# I apr OM. piaast odd to# Haws Monday Et-do* to My l u b H f f - 

L j < a m «i"*ady a **st«b a t lo to# Nows ptaosa odd bit (sprats Mo nday ' dor. to my subscription 

I 
I 

COLISEUM CLEARANCE CENTER 

9 4 ) ( o M S I U M R o A D 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 

Assorted r a c k s ...A I L MUST GO! 

In a warehouse of over 3 Vi million cubic feet, some things ore bound to be over­ looked So, periodically, we at lack's Coliseum Warehouse check our warehouse racks. Everything that is odd, discontinued, overlooked, lost, found, abandoned, mis-markea, forgotten or otherwise out of place, is brought down to our selling floor. We found over 275 items, large and small, to be cmposed of . 
. and to­ day's the day they go! You'll find tremendous bargains on everything in stock on our floor, because IT S A ll ON SALE! living room, bedroom, dining room, bedding, carpeting, aopliances and much more! SAVE ON EVERYTHING! . . . whether it lust came off the rack or was already here. Don t miss this 
. . it s really worth the trip! 

M any below cost. . . 

To d a y O n ly! 

OPEN BOOKCASES 

Use as etageres or room dividers. Full height. 

One p e e p of Kvmf room «nd «<ca- sicnoi c h m . Many style* and febnd 

$8.95 CARPET 

Famous Maslond in 7 colors of sculptured nylon. 

Two sets only. One without bolster pillows, one with one bolster Floral covers. Each makes two twin beds 
$1o.95 SHAG 

A thick saxony shag by famous Galaxy. 

Reg. $ 1 9 9 .9 5 

EOVESEAT SLEEPER 

Herculon loveseat that contains a foam mattress 
Va" CARPET PAD 

I 2 rolls, the last of its kind. 
Thickest foam pad w e’ve had 
Was $3.oo 
3 PIECE BEDROOM 

Double dresser, mirror and full queen headboard. Just a few. 
$11.95 INDOOR/OUTDOOR 
CARPET 

FHA approved, foam backed 
Very heavy (9o ox.) 
DOOR CHESTS 
Twin and full sizes, assorted styles. 
13 only. White French Pro­ vincial style. Two doors, shelf inside, laminated plastic top. 
Less than half price 

CARPET REMNANTS 

4 ’ X 6’ to 12’ X IS ’ sixes of roll ends, remnants and pieces. 
$32 to $199 values 

COLONIAL TABLES 

Damaged Colonial dinette tables in pine or maple finish 
4 Only. (Chairs available.) 

DRESSER AND MIRROR 

Two only, mis-matched sets. 
All wood. Reg. $259. 
SEALY QUEEN SETS 
| 

Some mismatched, some not 
Full factory warranty. 2 Pc. 
LOVESEATS 
PROVINCIAL HEADBOARDS 

Full or queen size, antique white French Provincial. 
SEALY KING SETS 

King size bedding by Sealy. 
Full factory warranty. Some mismatched. 
3 P 

7 Only, all great values, 
Include* velvet, Herculon and vinyl cavers. 
Floor samples, damaged or discontinued. Your choice. 
$159 TABLE 

Two only, Mediterranean extension dining tables. 
Fruitwood finish. 
2 Pc. FRENCH PROVINCIAL 
; 

Sofa and chair in mint green cover. Pre-owned. I only. 
SWIVEL ROCKERS 

Gold or avocado chenille velvet. Traditional styling 
SOFA AND ROCKER 

Colonial style in Seville gold vinyl with maple trim 
FERN STANDS 

Solid pine plant stands. 2 shelf. Reg. 29.95. 

 milyt 

P °'C h o j 
$99.95 RECLINERS 

Just a few in assorted colors ^ of vinyl. 2 Position. Savo today! 

H u rry! It's all subiec! to prior solo! 

$59.95 P U N T STAND 

Wrought iron in silvor finish. 
S Stop Spiral stylo. 

CouPonf 

Center of South Texas! 

\ 

 tooled 
We w ant to be your favorite store 

SALE PRICES 
MONDAY THRU 
WEDNESDAY 

Whirlpool 

18 LB. 
2 SPEED 
5-CYCLE WASHER 

* 2 
9 
9 

Porcelain-enameled top, lid, basket and tub. 3 wash/rinse energy-saving water temp selector. Bleach dispenser. 
Magic Clean filter & variable water level. 2 washing and 2 spin speeds S cycles: SUPER WASH, NORMAL, KNIT, PERMA­ 

NENT PRESS and GENTLE. #LDA69oo 

Whirlpool 

3-CYCLE 5 - 
TEMPERATURE 
ELECTRIC DRYER 

* 2 1 9 

S drying temperature settings. No-iron care for Perma­ nent Press fabrics. Timed drying. Knit cycle. Full width door. End-of-cyde buzzer. Custom Dry Control. # LDA69o 

9 CU. FT. 3 7 ” W IDE 
^Whirlpool 
*^ rx \ 
1 
4 

COMPACT 
FREEZER 

, 
. 

, • * t M D E 
I JJS. A 
$299 

Install almost anywhere, just 37" wide, 37VV deep. Slide and store bosket. Simulated walnut-groin lid. Thin woll design. Flush handle. Sealed compressor. #EAHo9C. 

JUST 
S A Y ....“ CHARGEIT!" 

1 5 ” DIAGONAL 
BLACK & WHITE TV 

$ 
H 
4 
9 S 

1oo% solid state 
Energy Saver" chassis Uses only 35 watts of power Pre Set VHF Fine Tuning 7o position click in 
UHF tuning Built in Carrying handle 
Keyed AGC 

(Automatic Gain Control) #XB333t 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. I 3 I 977 

948 UVCSToCK FEEB 8EEDS 
9«o LIVESTOCK ffEBSECDS 
94o M W W ™ ™ 
94o amiral fffD saw 

TEXAS BIGGEST 
USED FARM & RANCH 
EQUIPMENT AUCTION 

JOE FREEMAN COLISEUM 

(The First Auction ever held in conjunction with the San Antonio 

Livestock Show and Rodeo during ifs 28 year history.) 

$5oo,ooo Worth of A-1 First Class New & Used Equipment 

Several Tractors - Combines - Corn Pickers and Huskers • Disc Harrows - Plows - 
Planters - Hay stackers, pull-type and self-propelled - Jeep - Row Markers - Wind 
Rows - Cultivators - Cars (used) - Stack and Nover - Bedding Plows - Fertilizer 
Spreader - Hog Farrowing Crates - New and Used Trucks - Peanut Equipment - 
Shredders - 2 row and I row Forage Harvester - And Much More. 

SATURDAY AND SUNDAY — February 19 and 2o 

Starting I O A.M. Saturday and 2 P.M. Sunday (Rain or Shine) 

TERMS: Cash, Letter of credit from bank, Checks with proper ID. 
INSPECTION: Entire 8 days during Rodeo preceding Auction Sale. 

•I, 
7 J 

“ I P i 

P.O. Box 4 o , Adkins, Texas 781o1 

H A K AUCTION 
LIQUIDATORS 

FLOYD HALL 
Auctioneer, TxGc-77-o268 

ROWLAND BARNES 
Assistant Auctioneer 

5 1 2 -2 2 2 -o 4 o 3 or 5 1 2 -3 3 3 -9 2 4 2 

Continued From 

932 AUCTION SALE 
932 AUCTION SALE 

IO ” DIAGONAL 
PORTA COLOR TV 
95 

In-line slotted picture tube. Portotolor chassis. 7o position 
UHF tuning #WHtS227 

O SANVO 
1 9 ” DIAGONAL 
BLACK & WHITE 

* 1 
1 
4 

 freturn and odvawrd dr.ign pie tuft tub* for grretrr detail 
Automatic gain control tmuitry 
Intent on picture ond wand circuitry 
Conin complrtt with built p. ii VHI and attachable UH! antennal ASE 91 TS t 

§ SANYO 
1 2 ” DIAGONAL 
BLACK & WHITE 
$7995 

 lOOSe talid elate In lion t en pie ture iou od 
Auto gam control 
Ideal nae ut lime tor oui door tun. 
#71143 

1 9 ” DIAGONAL 1 o o % 
SOLID STATE COLOR 
PORTABLE TV 

* 3 1 8 

# SANYO 

Slatted mob. AFT, UHT'VHT ope* anon 1oo% solid stole chassis. 
Automatic gotm control #91(4o 

/ rn. 
*4X11 I I4 »- 

■ 
H 
Cmwx IWV F( 
L 
! * i * w .jp Mw 

— ww<w 

JI toe **.4 »e i 
4.1-. «<»• 
■ r u m 
*44 l l — 
.ll—I > 
X OW WOS I j 
741 I I M 
J 
(M M M ! 

 fax 
J 
(MOP Woo4(o (SO AM 

■ 
MMI ti 

 l i t i e * 
• V M M 
N H I M 
IO I ' M P M 

»*».*•»« tm. n t v w t i w e *»*«*> 

H K I W 
I 
M ig (u .ttw 
•M U IAAV M 
I xwv .1 m um 
AM K A I 
I 
( l l M d 

WOMB AT I NRU (A TORRA T 

I H i Bib (Mf 4*o(1 

M i W M 'U M M A U d ttl 

■ m w * rn mm- M b) 

S A b H 

TOM GREEN COUNTY 
Contractors Surplus Equipm ent 
Friday - February I 8 - 9:3o AM 
Hwy. 87 N orth af Intersection o f Far rn Road 2 1 o 5 , Acrose from Shelly Station in SAN A N G E LO , TEXAS 
C raw ler Tractors, lo a d e r s ond M aintainers: 
• Cat. 977H loa d e r, new engine, excellent under carnage, excellent condition. 
• Cat. D6-9U , new motor kit, hyd. dozer blade, 8 5 % under carnage, excellent condition. 
• IHC TIS-15o Crawler lo a d e r, diesel engine, pow er shift tra m ., D rott 4-1 bucket, bood under carriage, good con­ dition 
• Cat, D7-3T cable control, fair under carriage, good con­ dition 
• John Deere 3oo , rubber tire loader, w / scraper box, good condition. 
• Cat. 12 M otor G rader, diesel engine, hyd 
12 ft. mold board. I 3 o o X 24 tires 
• There w ill be other equipment in this sole 
Truck Tractors, Dump Trucks and Trucks: 
• 
1971 W hite 4 o o o , tandem axle tw in screw, diesel engine, IO sp fro m ., conv cab, good tires, good con­ dition 
• 1972 GM C 5 5 o o series cab and chassis, V8 engine, good tires, good condition 
• I 9 6 9 Int I 2 o o o Truck Troctor. 
• 1966 Int I 16oo Truck Tractor. 
• 1964 Mock Truck Troctor, tandem axle 
• 1 9 6 3 Ford Truck, cob ond chassis. 
• 1974 Ford F6oo Dump Truck, 5 yard bed 
• 1963 Chev 2 ton Dump Tryck, 5 yard bed 
• 
1966 Ford 2 ton van truck, 8 x 2 o alum van with hydraulic tailgate, good cond. 
• 
1965 Int I w inch Truck, oil field bed, Tulsa 34 winch, 5th wheel, rolling tail board, 2 5 o 
Cummins, R T91o tra m ., tandem axle twin screw, good condition 
• 1966 Int l Van Truck, side and rear doors, good con­ dition. 
• There will be other trucks in this sole 
Crone and lift: 
• P&H IO ton motor crane, 4 o ft boom , excellent con­ dition 
• Two mon basket lift on trailer, hyd control, self p ro­ pelled 
• Komatsu 9 o o o lb. Forklift, good cond 

Tractors: 
• Massey Ferguson Farm Troctor 
• Ford 9N w 'D io de 
• Ford Tractor, w backhoe ond blode, good condition 

Concrata Portable Riant: 
• 6 cubic yard Portable Concrete Plant, w batch and belt, gas and electric drive. 

Floats and Traitors: 
• 
4o ft Lufkin tandem axle float. 
• 35 ft. Hobbs tandem axle self loodm a float. 
• 
2 4 *6 Gooseneck equipment tra ile r, 3 axles, w / ramps 
• 
16 ft livestock tra ile r— new 
• 
14 ft livestock trailer— new, 
• 
16 ft livestock trailer, 
• 16x6 pull type tandem axle equipm ent trailer w / ramps. 
• Two wheel pipe troller 
• There will be other trollers in this sale 
Air Com pressor*: 
• IngersCM Rand 15o air compressor. 
• 
Jaeger 
2 5o air compressor on tra ile r, 
U D I4 diesel engine 
• Shop att compressor. 
• Small shop cur compressor 

PiclcuMtMi g u ff C o t ft* 
• 1974 Dodge Club Cob, V* ton, loaded, good condition 
• 1972 fo rd Rickup, 4 x4, 4 spd,„ loaded, good condition. 
• 1972 Chev pickup, 6 cyl., std , w /s id e u tility boxes. 
• 
195o Chev pickup, 
6 tv I , std., w / chrome reverse wheels, new Super M og 6 o tires, new point, good con­ dition. 
• 1968 VW Fastback. 
• There w ill be lots more late model pickups ond ca rt in this sale 

932 
AUCTION SALE 

M is c e lla n e o u s E q u ip m e n t 
• Approx 7 o o ft. of J inch pipe 
• I 5o got fuel took on skid 
• Tulsa 21 winch, w /c o b b ond headache rock 
• Id ft Traveler boat, 5 o hp M ercury m otor, trailer 
• 14 ft boat and IO hp m otor 
• Mock twin screw unit — complete 
• U tility tandem unit — complete 
• Trailer axle with Rudd hubs 
• Approx 2o lu d d wheels, 2o and 2 2 inch 
• Ports, tools, shop equipm ent ond m ore miscellaneous equipment too numerous to lilt 
• Ramsey electric winches 
• Davis Feleethne 1o + 2 trencher new 
SAU (OM O ucfte s r 
JAO AUCTIONEER*, T.Oc-77-Ol Bl tea t i l set m oo! et t i t M f m i t*. eer*tb 
. 
CO* Of- t — e Umm. IB f M 4 ) 

AUCTION 

Rain or Shine 

THURSDAY - FEB. 24 - l l A J A . 

Selling: 

JU LIO *V ER A , LTD. 

(Bridal Shop) 

IN V EN TO R Y A N D OFFICE 
EQUIPM ENT 

Sole to be held a t: 

CULVER TRANSFER A 

STORAGE CO. 

3939 NOR TH P A N AM 

EXPRESSW AY 

SAN A N T O N IO , TEXAS 
Partial listing: 
Wedding Gowns, osstd Hiss A colors (oiponsivt nomos), bridal slips & bros, bndal dross bogs, bridesmaids gowns A formal wear, misc long A short veils, bridal hats A headpieces, misc b'ldal accessories. Mannequins, dress racks A I stands full length mirrors, misc. display rotes 

Office Equipment: 
Misc chotts A desks, typewriter stonds, metal shelving, Wing cabinets, folding work tablas, calculators 
Ona adding ma chinos, (2) refrigerators, sot- fro not sofa, mn. items 
TIMAS: Cosh (hecks accepted with proper ID A letter of crodrt from Dank 
SAU FOR UNCUT Of SMAII 
BUSINESS ADM fee further information 
A brochure, tail or write auc­ tioneers. 

C O L RALPH SEGARS I 
ASSOC 

5924 R O YA L LANE 
#1oo 

DALLAS, TEXAS 7523o 

(2 14 ) 3 6 9 4 25 2 or 
341*6oo4 

 tu n Nm*! WTS-OS.//OOH 

PUBUC AUCTION 
* Food liquidation * 
THURSDAY, Fab. 17 
HENRY S FINE FOODS 
335 Old Austin Rd. 
(Don t contuse with Austin Hwy. 
Old Austin Id toms eleanor Avo with Homy Wurrbech behind Son 
Antonio Country Club ond Brooke 
Aimy Medical Cento*) 
G»*«g wwr et (vtm w .tll 
Tote! well-lo-web iiqutdahee 
(due to heeith) of iii feed in­ ventory end equipment* 
IO AJA. — lU r im a inventory of GROCH T TOMS will go on sofa at 46% eft the m arted price end continue 

■ i t ■ • iiiw M i Owner* e STOCK UP e 
The shelves ore lull and oil food ti fresh Henry s business bos been closed only a week 
2 FM Auction af al to o tu n 
INT. Sole will include 2 checkout counters with electric Defiant* meat scabs end Anchor cosh register Key rutting machine J 
Hutsmon epee fop Toed freezers 
Madonna! (toetim rooter 2 Aft friednch vegetobb toolers Women cooler Jus machine 2 gloesfront meet display boxes. I fee ter Air conditioning amt to tor ye welkin large oak i hopping thick with 2 i hopping Week werittoWev Hebert morn! Mfiftdtitf 
I til cart fi 
* tat 
""•win" grii Wi r aptUAPSp ** fRol'AV" 
Aud meet bendsnw tfabert meet grinder 
Toledo tenderizer. Sud meet ben Oso* 
Heber! sheer friednch xomehoi end bn Aer I 
o roo*ti tun* clack, (hehhon meet scab lebde Gar durn webs 
Grocery heck eh Ides ti shelving end MUCH MUCH MOU 
IMURA Ce** m sn moot i i aaa until Mb 

 j ! W m n AN O * AS SO C ieee u n . M i-4 4 1 1 
JOHN JONIS 
■ t n t - re — g e l 

9Z6 MACHINERY TOOLS 

Case 42o Backhoe gasoline. frontend loader Power steering 
Good cond. 
537*o. 
MS-92 l l 
C a tep illar OS w ith h yd ra u lic SS dozer, good con dition, s it ,SOO. 
BR AQS ACH Equipm ent, 734-KSA. 
Catepillar D4-C direct drive with 
24oo hr*. AS dozer, BOPS canopy w ith logging s w e e p * an d r e a r screen, engine enclosure, under­ ca rria g e 2SN w orn 
T ra c to r in excellent condition. SSO,OOO. 
Catepillar 12E motor grader ( io u with new 14:oo tire s , 12 ft. h y­ draulic stdeshitt. S c arlflre This machine is is excellent condition also. 12o,ooo. C a ll T h a d or R i­ chard Moore, S12-IS4-o349, Corpus 
Christi, Texas 
C A TE R P ILLA R D O ZE R O S For 
Sale Like new, only 12oo hours. 
Call 1 /13-4oo-44(4 
Comm ercial Cement M ixe r *4oo, bhp Post Hole Digger, $35o. Com­ m en ce ! W eed E a te r. $12*, G a ­ solin e C h ain Saw si25, W eed 
Burner S2S, Trash Compactor *9o, 
Mony More Items 49o 2375. 
DAVIS Model 3oo Trencher with off set attachm ents S2oSo In te r­ n a tio n a l M o d e l 3444 T r a c to r 
Loader 
Backhoe in exc. cond. 
5*9*o 
THE TO RG ER SO N CO 
S33-S145, 739 Sieves 

DIESEL TRACTOR 
O a v ld B ro w n w ith fr o n t end loader. 2 buckets ( I vd and ’ * yd). 
3 pl hook up, power takeoH Good tires Exc Cond 532*o 49* 92IO 
Oitch W itch, K h p , $2ooo or best 
Otter, 4o1-3149 
D ra g lin e tor sale. H e a v y D u ty 
Bucyrus 3o-B. Like new. only 1ooo hours 4o' Boom. P i yard bucket. 
COH 
I 713-4(o 44o4. 

FORKLIFTS 
All Sizes • Ail Types 
Brguboch Equipment. 734-USO 
F o rk lift. W hite B u ild ers m odel 
FL244. 4ooo lb . 21 It lift. SOO hours 
*34-5344 
FO R S A L E : E le c tr ic C e m e n t 
M ixe r Good Tires. S cu It good buy o24 437*. o24-39*2__________ 

32’ GOOSENECK 
AM Fob facto ry built, Tandem axle, dual wheels, 7*ox14 rubber. 
Dove T a il w ith fo ld in g ra m p s . 
>34>o *95-921o 
_______________ 

32’ GOOSENECK 
Am Fob facto ry built. Tan dem axle, dual wheels. 7*ox1o rubber. 
Dove lo ll w ith fo ld in g ra m p s . 
*37*o 49* 92IO 

NEW D IE S E L T R A C TO R S w ith hyd frontend loaders 3 pt hitch. 
3o h p 549*o ii h p. *795o TO h p. 
5o9*o 4 Wheel D rive Option *12oo 
o ft Backhoe attachm ent *29*o 3o h.p. Rough T errain F o rklift 4ooo lb c a p a c ity 12 ft m a s t o *9 *o . 
DO DG EN E Q U IP M E N T CO , 1223 
S Presa. 532-41 si 
o Old Sheet M etal Brake. Bargain 
W anted: L a rg e Steel R o ll- Up 
Door 224-5443 
U S E D John D e e re 31o L o a d e r 
B a c k h o e . Joh n D e e re 3So-B 
C ra w le r L o a d e r. P a rs o n s 2SS 
Trencher. ISR deep bv 24m wide 
Parsons IS* Trencher. I ft deep by 
24in w id e 
P a rs o n s 
7* 
Trencher Mf deep from 4 in to 
K in wide M ille r Asphalt D rag box Quincy I SOC F M and 25o CFM portable compressors Ho Rams, models 7oooB ond 25o 
COOPER E Q U IP M E N T 
San Antonie (24-4314 or 
COH tree I (OO 292 *491 

WATER TRUCK 
1941 international 2 Ten 4 cylinder 
2 speed KOO gal tank, spray bor. 
*215o 49S-92K 

(*2 o Gooseneck F lo a t 3 axels, 
2o,ooo lbs Ramps, brakes, *19oo 
44 H M V 

932 AUCTION SAU 

 n T a - n : o « l l l « l doric b Io n ,), professional m odel, F E N D E R , tele caster w ith case 
F E N D E R 
A®*n tike new. 
***o 341-7444 ofter 4 or wkends 
MHarmlwuii.w: 

Case 1o3o Diesel l l * HP tractor. in geed a ll g ro u n d c o n d itio n , 
I S ,I t . I 42o 2/9o 
ASO Case Tractor, diesel et I i* . 
A U M > IO' disc H arrow 17*o, 4 row 
■ ll..U fo , m u I 27o-4341 

F o rm a n • 2 disc plow, I point hitch, I I M I Planter boxes tor vN 
Ford 4M 19*4 OW *pm 
F A R M A L L H 
P T O Geed Con aition M / i 49* 92IO 
__________ 

FORD TRACTORS 
(N and 9N with new end usee im e le m e n ts IN F o rd fro n t end bad er W M I Fleets 

FO R D TR A C TO R M odel (OO in 
(•te n o n * condition *199* 
THE TORGERSON CO 
*1) *14*. l i t (b y e s 
FOR S A H U S E D F O R D Tree 
Mrs, Mo UVU MOO. SOM end l»M 
Also Used Ford SOM wife Pron 
E W A L D F O R D 
TRAC f OR, IM IE, Hwy 44, Sedum, 
T i I -W M H ! t i Clue LeEey l i t f it c H * Like new l f men p i* * end twin disc 
SAMdlF 

942 
• 
FARM 
EQUIPMENT 
& 
SUPPLIES_____________ 

4o1o : 4o2o JOHN O E E R E 
Diesel, S3A-4711 
4" M eyers Pump I hp 3oo’ with 2" pipe and rods, cylinder. 3 hp Sub­ m ergible 3oo' 
4 S u b m e rg ib le w ire . 3 hp Sub- m ei gibie with 11-4“ pipe. 4o4-2413. 
M F ( ( se m i m Id 4 bottom plow 
Also sm aller plows and tractors 
44o-1131, 454-247o 
ON and 9N Ford T racto rs, Late 
M odel 3ooo F o rd T ra c to rs , 135 and 145 Massey Ferguson T ra c ­ tors. Used Planters ond C u ltiva­ tors 2 ond 4 row 
D IE T Z TR ACTOR CO. 
1-379-1945 or 4SS-12SS 
*22 IH1o Seguin 
NEW D IE S E L TRACTOR SALE. 
3o h p 5375o. ii h p 559*o 7o h p 
5495o SS h o 599*o U SED TRAC 
TORS, 2o th ru SS h p. J O 
12* bushel grinder m ixer J2JOO New 
Owatonna 9 ft W indrow er *3*oo 
DO DG EN E Q U IP M E N T CO. (223 
S Presa *32-41*1 
P O RTA BLE CO RR A L P A N E LS , made of high tonsil steel tubing, (4 b a rs ), ve ry rig id and d u ra b le 
*x lo panel, S3o; 5x2o panel. 54o 
Will deliver at this price. Coli Joe 
Roberts. (4o5 ) 442-2o44.__________ 
ROCK P IC K E R , h y d ra u lic con- • trol lift 23o1 Nagalitos, 534-4711 
S L IG H T L Y U S E D OW A T O N A 
Self Propelled W indrower. Diesel powered air cond. cab. New price over SK.OOO. Sale P rice 5495o 
TH E TO RG ER SON CO 
533-5145. 739 S f a v f 
S T E E L B U IL D IN G S . F a r m . 
R a n c h E a u ip m e n t, H a y a n d 
Horse Bam s. Pipe Pens. 337-4931 days or mtes. 

THE TORGERSON CO. 
739 Steves 
533-514* 

"Now that's a idea! 
Let th 
Classified ads b your garage sal market place!" 
Coll 
225-1666 

Y o u ’ll be « the bargain; in the 
Wi 

Coll 225*1666 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 
Sun. Feb. I 3 I 977 
Pat 

 l o h a ve y o u r p ro b le m so lv e d o r a q u es- d o n s a n sw e re d , w rite A c tio n -E x p re s s , P.O . 
Box 21 7/, San A n to n io , T X 78297. 

H a rd coal 

Could you advise me where I might purchase hard lump coal suitable for a fireplace or a Franklin stove? 
A local iron works company advised me that they carry soft. "blacksmith coal not suitable for home use. 
I believe I am looking for anthracite coal — a hard coal that gives off little smoke 
W. A. I). 

Alamo Fuel Company, 
A IOO pound bag of 
oo5 Buena Vista St., hard coal will cost you 
226-7331, has the hard $6.23 plus tax. coal you are looking for. 

W om en 8 soccer 

Some time ago you printed information about the formation of a women's soccer team in San Antonio. 
Would you please reprint the item, or alternative­ ly. give me the names of people I should contact about playing for a soccer team? 
B. ii. 

Mike Burr of Soccer 
International said there were two women's soccer teams in San Antonio at the present time. 
They ha\e been playing for about two years. 
One team is sponsored by Gibson 
Plum bing 
Company. Call 681-3163 

 and ask tor Ava or Larry for information about getting on the team. 

The other team spon­ sors itself. For informa­ tion about playing for this team, call 223-3417 and ask for l)a\e or 
Mary. 

M iss San A n to n io 

Can you tell me how I can enter the Miss San 
Antonio pageant? Also, is 17 too young for participants? 
M. C. 

The deadline for registration for the Miss 
San Antonio contest is at noon. Feb. 21. 
This year’s pageant will be held March 19 at 
Theater San Antonio at 8 p.m. 
Donna Axum. Miss 
America 1964. will emcee the pageant. 
4\omen between the ages of 17 and 27 are eli­ gible and entrants will be judged on talent, person­ ality and visual projec­ tion (the swimsuit com­ petition). 
In addition, contestants must never hate been married even if the mar­ 

 riage has been annulled. 
I he scholarship the winner of the pageant receives must he used to further her academic education. 
Since Miss San Antonio must be available to represent the city in var- ious parades and events throughout the year, contestants should live within the city or a rea­ sonable driving distance. 
Met reless Shopping 
City is sponsoring this year s pageant. 
Ii you are interested in competing, call 532-359! and ask for Mrs. Fdwin 
Warnceke. 

M a il o rd e r Hack 

Help’ Several weeks ago I ordered some mer­ chandise from a company advertising in the Family 
Weekly insert into your newspaper. 
I figured Fam ily Weekly was reputable and I would be getting my merchandise soon 
I normally don’t mail order anything, but I figured my money was safe with them. The advertisement said I should wait four weeks for delivery. 
The check has been cashed and it has been six weeks! Is there anything I can do to trace the merchandise.? 
I know the advertisements iii Family Weekly have nothing to do with your advertising department, but 
I thought you might have a name I could contact about getting my merchandise or my money re­ funded. 
Thank you in advance for any help you can send my way. 
( •deemed 

There is something you an do. Contact Mary lyres ol Family Weekly it S II Lexington Ave., sew York. V Y ., 1oo22. 
•’Please allow up to our weeks for delivery then you order by mail rom Fam ily Weekly,*’ 
Ars. Ayres said. 
"Fam ily Weekly's ads ire placed by reputable ompanies. The items md copy are checked for 

 reliability," she said. 
"Fnintentionul delays occur because thousands ol orders come in to our advertisers from all over 
Hie country," she said. 
‘We at Family Weekly want lo assist you as much as possible when these infrequent delays occur, lf they do. send me a card or letter and 
I II look into it immedia­ tely.” she said. 

A e ro b ic d an cin g 

I have been reading in several magazines about something new called aerobic dancing. It is sup­ p e d to be one of the best forms of exercise, the magazines say. 
Can you tell me anything about it aud lf I can take these types of classes in San Antonio? If so, how much will it cost me? 
L. S. 

 exercises into dance rou­ tines. 
The dancing is de­ signed to increase sta­ mina and strengthen the heart muscles. 
In San Antonio, classes 
In aerobic dancing are taught bv (layIe look al several locations throughout the city. 
You may contact her through the Northwest branch ol the YM I A, 435 
K. 
Sunshine 
Road. 
715-9231. The classes are taught in three month sessions and cost 148. 
I he class usually meets twice a week, 

Aerobic exercises were developed by Dr. Kenneth 
Cooper. A female dance instructor adapted the 

X v o o f c o 
We w ant to be yo u r fa v o rite store 

SALE PRICES GOOD 
MON. AND TUES. 
YOU CAN “ CHARGE IT!” 
AT WOOLCO, 

LADIES GOW N 
BABY DOLLS 

3 
8 8 

EA. 

\ 
For your sweetheart! A wide selection 
) of Gowns, Baby Dolls to choose from. 
' v 
In 1oo% nylon in Block, Red, Pink, 
Maize, Blue and Peach. In sizes S-M-l. 
Choose one of each for your 
Valentine. 

LADIES 
PEIGNOIR’S 
$6 

ASST. 
PANTY HOSE 
3/$l 
WOOLCO PRICE 
W 
# 
R 

FURNACE 
FILTERS 

WOOICO F U C IL E I 
B 
B 

ASST. 

CGLGRING BGGKS 
9 / 5 1 
WOOICO PRICE 
AD # 
B 

33 GALLON 
TRASH BAGS 

BOX OF 

Long and waltz length gowns with matching peignoirs. Lace and em­ broidered trims. White, aqua, lilac, 
> shrimp, hot pink, seafoom, peach in 
\ the group. Sizes S-M-L 

PAPER NAPKIN 
ASSORTMENT 

8 8 * 
FOR 
REG. 
5 9 4 

I OO COUNT 
PAPER PLATES 
63* REG. 974 

MENS’ 
WESTERN SHIRTS 
88 
REG. TO 
14.96 

Polyester/cotton with permanent press 
& machine-washable, long sleeved, contrast yokes, cuffs, stitching accents. Solids natural tone gauze, textures, plaids S M I XL. 

VENETIAN 
BLINDS 
7 
77 

REG. 9.27 
Easy to install. Shortened to fit any window. 

REG. 2.49 ility shades Can be cut. 
Assorted quality window 

I be 

WINTUCK 4 OZ. 
KNITTING YARN 
83*REG. 1.17 
Assorted colors. 
Machine washable. 

ARAMIS 4 OZ. 
AFTER SHAVE 
7 5o 

The manly aloma. 

ESTEE LAUDER 
GIFT SET 

 i i 
5o 

Perfume Spray, Dusting Powder, 

CONTACT 
WALL PAPER 

YD S. G 
G 
C 
JE FOR OO 
Self adhesive wall covering in assorted patterns and colors. 

RUGAR 1o/22 
RIFLE 

22 caliber, IO shot capacity. 
Rotary clip. 

4U- 

ZEBCO 2o2 
COMBO 
7 
76 

REG. 9.99 
5 to two piece fiberglass spin- cast rod nos pushbutton reel with line & wide, range drag. 

14” GARAGE 
BROOM 
43 
I 
REG. 2.17 
With 2 holes so you can odjust handle. 

ONE GALLON 
UTILITY BUCKET 
$ 
FOR 
3 51 
FOR 
■ 

BOYS MOTO 
CROSS BIKE 
5 8 88 
REG. 74.99 
Reor spring shock absorber 

REFLECTIVE 
BIKE TIRES 
3 
44 

REG. 4.99 
Bike tubes also avuif. Assorted sizes. 

HEAVY DUTY 
MUFFLER 
1 o88 

 in s t a l l e d 
Heavy duty double wrapped, zinc coated, steel shells and end caps 

6 FOOT 
ALUMINUM 

STEP 
LADDER 

Heavy-duty steel-riveted con­ struction 

O’CEOAR 
BROOM OR MOP 

2 
“ 
RIG. 3.97 

Choose from angled broom or easy squeeze mop. 

EA. 

2o GAL. METAL 
TRASH CANS 
4 
EA. 
Gatvonizod for long, resistant use. Snug fitting lid 

IS INCH 
BAMBOO 
RAKE 
1 
33 

RIO. 3.33 
Highest quality bamboo, flex­ ible raking action 

MR. BIG 
BRUSH 
I 88 

REG. 2.49 
Easy to clean. Thousands of soft bristles 

WATER PIK 
ORAL HYGIENE 
INSTRUMENT 
| g a s 

■ 
REG. 24.95 
17oo pulsating pH of waitr par minute Hush oui oral debus from weos that toothbrushes and floss may not reoth. » l f 

SHOWER 
MASSAGER 
BT WATER PIK 

8 8 
RCG. 13.33 
Pulsating water oction massages A stimulates Wall mount SM-2. 
14 

RIVAL 3 VS OY. 
CROCKPOT 
1 2 8 8 

■ M m REG. 14.88 
Slow electric cooking in stoneware # 31oo. 

CLAIROL C-2o 
KINDNESS HAIK 
SETTER 
I 4 4 7 

■ 
REG. 18.97 
Includes 2o patterned warm heated rollers * (-2o 

TOUCH ’N CURL 
MIST-DRY 
CURLER 
996 

RCG. 13.97 
With 
Hilo settings for personal comfort ond perfect styling. CSL 

1o-SPEED 
BLENDER 

1 
9 
77 
■ 
~ 
REG. 24.77 

Autom atic controlled cycle 
Mender for perfectly chopped pieces of food.. no over bien dma! #843/863 

NOR KLCO 12 CUP 
CGFFEEMAKER 
77 

IEO. 39.93 
Unique dial a-brew control selects dork, medium or light coffee. Holds coffee at perfect serving temperature 
# 

LADY BUG 
SHAVER 
IO 

 tm tm 

REG. 15.88 

Model 2126 Electric shovel w dual action head Coil cord 

SHAPE ’N DRY 
9oo WATT DRYER 
1688 
■ ^ ^ R I O . 19.97 
5 styling/grooming at­ tachments lo handle any haw style. Two temperature set tings # H IV SOO 

NOR KLCO NP I SOR 
RKCHAROKARLK 
SHAVER 
4o”REG. 46.97 

Nim closeness comfort set­ tings, select Hie best ones for yow skin # HPI JOI 

HEATED 
SHAVE CREAM 
DISPENSER 
996 

RIO. 13.97 

Uses 3o leading brands of aerosol atoms SCD!. 

STEAM a n d 
DRY IRON 
>22 

RIG. 13.87 
25 steam vents for overall distribution of steam DURE VCI cordsei will not fray # 563 

WOOICO MAKI SIT IASV TO SHOP 

M liV V i'f W A R C U 
MOCK CO CAH O 
* Convenient Time • Payment 
^ 
* Convenient Lay Away Plan 

W O O LCO R iSIRVIS TMI RIGHT TO LIMIT QU ANT H i l l — NOT RISPQNSI1H IPR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. 

IOO GILL RO. 
NEAR WONDERLAND 
732-2211 

48o3 W IST 
COMMERCE 
434-9481 

327 FAIR 
AVENUE 
533-8166 

2214 S.W . 
M ILITARY OR. 
924-1441 

271o AUSTIN 
NWY AT WAUEM 
653-4461 

SHOP WOOLCO 9i3o A.M. TO 9*3o P.M. MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

BUY RITH CONFIDENCE 

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED! 

Itnuiuh! et W it luau ll! M U 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

 and lh** Lower Rio Grande Valley. 
Temperatures remained mild — in ads and Bbs ut midday — in spite of moderate to strong north to northwes­ terly winds. Some gusts of 2a to 3o miles per hour were reported over 
North Central and South Central Texas and the Pecos River Valley of South­ west Texas. 
Thunderstorm s that buffeted the eastern part of the state Friday night moved into Louisiana early Saturday, 

ASSOCIATED p b e s s 
Sunshine and mild tempera­ tures art* forecast for Sunday in the wake of a Pacific cool front that left lingering clouds in some areas. 

West Texas had sunshine Saturday, but considerable low clouds and fog lingered in extreme Northeast Texas 

Boise 
27 
SO 
OO 
Cosper 
77 
SO 
OO 
H eleno 
35 
SI 
OO 
Po rtlan d . O re 
J8 
59 
OS 
R ap id City 
79 
SO 
OO 
Son F ra n c is c o SO 
65 
.oo 
Seattle 
SI 
59 l l 
Spokane 
39 s i 
OO 
NORTH C E N T R A L 
Chicago 
36 
44 
I? 
D etroit 
7 i 
83 
o9 
Duluth 
79 
.31 
.o3 
In d ianap o lis 
35 
41 
.36 
M ilw au k ee 
3o 
IO 
.oo 
M inn St P a u l 
34 
37 
o7 
O m aha 
3o 
79 
OO 
Sit. Ste M a rie 29 
37 
19 
N O R T H E A S T 
Boston 
39 is 
OO 
B u ffa lo 
31 
43 
o/ 
C levelan d 
77 
4? 
13 
Colum bus 
33 
JO 
12 

M E X IC O 
(M e x ic a n t e m p e r a t u r e s ap p e a r in b oth 
F a h r e n h e it a n d 
C e n t ig r a d o o r 
C e ls iu s 
Fah re n h e it is listed first in each colum n. I 
A cap u lco 
.... 
77 77 
88 31 
G u o d a la ia ro 
J J 
o7 
75 24 
M a r t ia n 
. . . 
52 
11 
81 27 
M exico C ity .. 48'o9 
72 22 I 
M o n te rrev 
.... 
51/1 1 
73 23 

E l P a s o 
JO 
63 
F o rt W orth 
46 
6o 
Houston 
58 
65 
Lubbock 
,S 
58 
Lufkin 
54 
6o 
San A ngelo 
41 
6' 
W a co 
16 
66 
SOUTHWEST 
D e n ve r 
. 25 
59 
Honolulu 
68 
83 
LOS A ngeles 
54 
86 
L a s V e g a s 
4o 
73 
Phoen ix 
51 
79 
Salt L a k e City 28 
2o 
San D iego 
53 
85 
SOUTH C E N T R A L 
K a n s a s C ity 
36 
47 
Lo u is ville 
39 si 
M em p h is 
48 
6o 
O klah o m a C ity i i 
6o 
St 
Lo u is 
4o 
5o 
W ich ita 
3 7 
64 
SOUTHEAST 
A tlan ta 
4o 
6' 
B irm in g h a m 
S3 
SB 
C harlesto n ll 
67 
Ja c k s o n v ille 
38 
7 1 
N ew O rle a n s 61 
66 
R aleig h 
3o 
66 
R ichm ond 
28 
63 
Tam p a 
52 
76 
NORTHW ES T 
B is m a rc k 
31 
35 

A treat for your sweet-heart 

Tw in hearts of lead crystal fit together to form a lovely covered candy dish. 
JL x / 
S A N A N T O N IO A N D V IC IN I 
T Y 
— 
F a i r 
S u n d a y 
P a r t l y cloudy M o n d ay w ith m ild atter noons and cool nights 
V a ria b le winds S to IO m ph. Lo w S u n d ay 
In the m id 3os H igh Su n d ay and 
M o n d a y n e a r 7o 
Sun r is e s at 
7:15 and sets at 6 21 
M oon is in the last Q u arte r. M oon rise s at 
.3:19 a rn and sets at 2 14 p rn 
T e m p e ra tu re s S a tu rd a y ra n g e d from 4 3 to 7o d e g re es 
(N o tio n al 
W eath e r S e rv ic e fo recast ) 

R E L A T I V E 
H U M ID IT Y 
- 
4o per cent a s at 7 p rn 
S a tu rd a y 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N 
T o ta l ra in fa ll tor the 24 hou r p e rio d ending a l 6 p rn. S a tu rd a y , none, tor the month. 91 of an inch; tor th e y e a r , 
L U I in c h e s . 
A i cu m u late d d e p a rtu re tra m n o r­ m al toe the m onth, none, for the v ea l 
1 J I inches. 

N O R T H T E X A S - M o stly fair through M o n d ay 
Turning u little cooler in the northw est M o n d ay 
S O U T H T E X A S — F a ir Su n d ay and Su n d ay night 
P a r t ly cloudy 
M onday 
W E S T 
T E X A S — In c r e a s in g cloud in ess in the north sectio ns 
Su n d ay F a ir and a little w a rm e r in the south portions S u n d ay 
A ch a n ce ot sh o w e rs in th e P a n h a n d le S u n d o v 
C o n s id e r a b le c loud m ess an d co ld e r 
M o n d a y with a ch a n ce of th u n d ersto rm s 
In the southeast 

N A T IO N A L 
R a m w in ta ll fr o m th e u p p e r O h io V a l le y a c ro s s th e lo w e r G r e a t L a k e s re g io n a n d th e A tla n tic c o a s t s la te s . A few s h o w e rs w ill be s c a t te r e d a lo n g th e n o r th e rn 
P a c die C o ast and the n o rth e rn b la in s 
T e m p e r a t u r e s w in 

 rem ain season ab ly cool to m ild a cro ss the nation w ith a cooling trend acro ss (ne n orthern plains, t n t G r e a t L a k e s r e g io n , th e n o rth e rn A tla n tic C o ast states. the southeastern states an d the lower AAississippi V a lle y 
M A R IN E 
W IN D S - V a ria b le w inds 12 to 
17 m p h S u n d a y a n d so u th to southeasterly w ind s 17 to 22 m ph 
M onday 
Se as .3 to 5 feet 
T I D E S 
P o r t A r a n s a s for 
M ond ay 
H ig hs at I iv p m and 
1 47 p m 
Lo w s at 5 
.it a rn and 
6 14 p rn 
P o rt Isab e l for M on d ay 
H ighs at S 
18 p.m . and 2:46 p rn 
Low s and at 6 
2o a rn and 
7 o3 p m 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low est. 7 d e g re e at G unnison, 
Colo 
H ig h e st, 
89 d e g re e s at 
Sp ring V o lley . C aid 

Open a Zales account or use one of five national credit plans 

Zdles Revolving Charge* Zales Custom Charge • BankAmencard 
Master Charge • American Express • Diners Club • Carte Blanche • Layaway 

Illustrations 

 enlarged 

G R E A T E R SAN ANTO NIO 
Son Antonio 
4 3 
7o 
SOUTH TEXAS 
Austin 
48 
66 
B ro w n s v ille 
62 
67 
Corpus C h risti 5 1 
66 
C. ch illo 
51 
77 
Del Rio 
4 1 
7o 
Ju n ctio n 
4o 
66 
V icto ria 
55 
65 
TEXAS 
Abilene ii 
6o 
Alpine 
28 
54 
A m a rillo 
J I 
57 

• 4oo I. HOUSTON 
• 116 E. HOUSTON 
Shop D ow n to w n 
Thurs. evenin g 
• IA FERIA CENTER 
The Diamond Store 

P ark I r a * w ith P u rch aio D o w n to w n 
W atch to r tho G rand Opening o f our Koouttful N o w S to re In W aln u t S q u a re Shopping Conter, 
N o w B ro w n tail, T x. 
, 
---------- 

FURNITURE OO, 
THREE OF THE GREATEST NAMES IN UPHOLSTERED FURNITURE 

HERITAGE 
HENREDON 

NOW SAVE 
$389 S 97. 

$1,o39. $261. 

$1o2o. $256. 

$4o3. $1o1. 

$4o9. $1o5. 

NOW 
$789. 

$479. 
$38o. 

$1,559 

$1,o68 

SAVE 

$199. f. Chair 

 i. Chair 

 j. Chair 

S A V E 1o% on ail carpeting, drapery and upholstery fabric. 

S A V E 1o% on all bedroom and dining room furniture, stock or special order 

S A V E 2o% on in-stock lamps, pictures 

 accessories, occasional furniture, 

FLAIR 

Was 
NOW SAVE 

.SI,235. $988 $247. 

SI,o79. $863. $216. 

SI.o89. $872. $217. 

S 519. $416 $1o3. 

SI,299 $1,o39 $26o. 

S 338 
$269 $ 69. 

S 341. 
$272 S 69 

I. Loveseat 

NEW ACCOUNTS IN V IT E D ! 
Installment Plans — Extended Credit 
National Credit Cards; Diners Club, Carte Blanche 
Master Charge, BankAmencard, American Express. 

7/> (ie c rU itc te to e ft/ i r 

S O U TH W E S T • 8225 S Gessner; B eechnut/G essner exit off S W Fwy *O pen M on & Thurs til 9*F>hone 771 3671 
I OWN &.QQUN f Hy • 42Q Town & C ountry Village, exit at W est Belt • O pen Mon & Thurs til 9 * F ^o n e 4642811 

CALIFORNIA 

SHOW TIMES 

MONDAY, FEB MTH 
Holly s Harp spring & summer collection modeled informally. 

Downtown Jim Harp here in person Couturier Collections 

TUESDAY, EEB I STH: 
Holly's Harp spring & summer collection modeled informally, 

North Star Mall Jim Harp here in person Couturier Collections 

 the A u fashion Jewelry Collection presented Downtown fashion Jeweliy 

 tammie of Beverly Hills will be in our Downtown Beauty Salon 

 today through thursday to give you the latest innovations in hair fashion 

WEDNESDAY. FEB 16TH: The Lucie Ann lingerie & Leisurewear collection modeled informally, 

North Star Mall Lingerie Salon 

THURSDAY FEB I /TH: 
The Stanley Sherman spring & summer collection modeled informally. 

Downtown Couturier Collections 

Jose! of Rome and California here with the latest wigs from 

 fva Gabor's smash collection, tonight 6 3o to 8 3o, 

North Star Mall Wig Boutique 

Dominie of Beverly Hills will be in our North Star Mall Beauty Salon 

 today through Saturday to give you the latest innovations in hair fashion 

FRIDAY FEB 18TH 
The Judy of California spring & summer collection modeled 

 informally. North Stat Mall Junior Shop 

Fragments collection for spring & summer modeled informally. 

North Star Mall Perfectionist Dresses 

Owen Jackson's collection of one of-a kind handbags presented 

Downtown Gwen Jackson here in person fashion Handbags 

The Carey Petite spring & summer collection modeled informally. 

North Star Mall Junior Shop 

Josef of Rome and California here with the latest wigs from the 

(va Gabor collection IO 3o to noon. Downtown. 2 OO to b OO, 

North S t y Mall Wig Boutique 

SATURDAY, EEB 19TH 
Gwen Jackson s collection of one-of a kind handbags presented 

North Star Mall Owen Jackson here in person fashion Handbags 

I he Stanley Sherman spring J summer collection modeled informally' 

North Star Mall Couturier Collections 

FROST BROS. 
TERI S O U L IS , w ith p a ste on n ose, w o rk s on V a le n tin o plant* 

I P 
' ' ( '' 
' dMk 

JEN N IFER G IL F O R D p e ts e n c o u ra g e m e n t 

 fro m te ach er, M a r y A lice S o rro w 

A 

 titty *l/aCettt£tte 

 v JR ' 
o3OC? 
« v a - 
Etc 
* > VC?' *• 
* ’ 
^ 

 v e t 

E X P H E & S - N E W S 
Scene 

Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 

Page 
I -E 

Hearts ’n flowers day growing in popularity 

 lentine's D a y with hu e... 

This y ear you m ay r e ­ ceive tins one: 

 lf ln‘n there s som eone. o ne s o m e o n e . w h o m a k e s stair flaws brighter. 
Makes your jays 

^realer, m akes your heart 
Ii pinta. 
S o m e o n e , tate .someone. ytm leant sit ta share a itll 
D o e v e r y t h in g ii itll. po el ors ii here ii itll. 
S o m e o n e , one som eone. 

 m o i n aut lo Hee for 
— you h a r e s o m e t h in p en I lei! lore. 

Card slurps report valen­ tine sales are zooming. The clay is second only to 
Christmas in volume out­ running 
Caster and 
Mother's Day. 
Young lovers choose con­ temporary while the pre­ maturely gray lovers still hunt the old-fashioned sen­ timental style with turtle­ doves and lace. 

T w o p e n n i e s 

Penny valentines have vanished. Children can buy tray packages for about 2 to ll cents each, including one for teacher. 
Cost of lov m g has in­ creased — adult cards now begin at 23 cents. 
School children still print lists for all their c l a s s ­ m ates. (We didn't have lists and while I could ac­ cept Louis or Louise for 
Lois, I cried w hen one card read “ to Louse with love.” ) 
Valentine box decorating contests in home rooms are past history. Teachers rea­ lize it's difficult for a six- year-old to compete with a 

Sim- HIJAR TS. 
« U 

J A S O N SW IF T sh y ly p re se n ts his b e st girl K e rry O ’N e ill w ith a v a le n tin e 

PHOTOS BV BOM TONI'. 

W indcrcst first graders find lilt' age-old tradition 

 of making your own valentines a pretty sticky 

 job! But a dab til glue here and a touch of lace 

 there will bring smiles to someone special. 

V alentine’s Day is a time for love. And it seems lov­ ing will never go out of style. 

A cheek of the city shows the day is growing in pop­ ularity! 

But attention R om e o s and 
J u lie t t e s 
— most valentines are not sent by sw e e th e arts and lovers. 
Children outsend them three to one. 
M others and s ch o o l­ teachers will receive more v alentines Monday than anyone else. 
Sw e e th e a rts even trail aunts, sisters, brothers and uncles in the valentine stakes. 

 r 
B y 
;----------- 

LOIS HAASL 

But Cupid isn't a quitter. 
While children buy in quantity adults are selec­ tive. 
According to H allm ark there s a new fra n k n e ss about love and affection in today's valentines as op­ posed to the 195os and 
196os. 
The theme is the same, but the old eight-line tradi­ tional verse is out. 
L a st y e a r 's s im p licity read: 

Sieeet h e a r t ...J list to k no w you lore me...is oil I 

 notal lo know , Iltififtv I ti- 

R IC K Y H A SSE LL fin d s fin g e rs co m e in h a n d y 

CALIFORNIA 

II 

FROST BROS. 

- ■ ■ — 
■"I 
I m in 
■ im i 
I , ii 

FOR A GREATER PERFORMANCE. 
ESTEE LAUDER BRINGS YOU SWISS PERFORMING EXTRACT 
IN A NEW LARGER SIZE 

It is a super-nourishing lotion blended with natural ingredients 

 including soluble protein, a substance plentiful in young skin. This creamy lotion sinks right down 

 into the skin's surface instantly to promote resilience, good tone and to help maintain maximum moisture balance. And, now 

 it is yours in a new generous 3M --ounce size, 25.oo. Or, 1%-ounce, 17.5o; b o u n ce , 1o.oo. AND, THE 'GREAT ORIGINALS' KIT, A 17.oo VALUE, 

IS YOURS WITH ANY ESTEE LAUDER PURCHASE OF 6.5o OR MORE. Filled with five "one of a kind” beauty preparations, 

 each exceptional and luxurious. Maximum Care Hand Creme, Aliage Sport Fragrance, Fresh Air Lip Polisher, Fresh Air Makeup Base and 

Lustrous Roll-on Mascara. Ours exclusively in Cosmetics, Downtown and North Star Mall. 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
Sun. Feb. I 3 I 977 
Page 
Z-E __ 

M o u th full of plaster 

 eatee lauder 
SWtii6 perfornr«n9 extract 

Sn I embarked on se­ veral c onsecutive a p ­ po in tm en ts to w ard reaching my goal — min ­ or repairs and a movie star smile. 
My first appointment was with the hygienist. 
“ Oh my,” she sighed. 
“ W h a t ’s w r o n g ? ” I wanted to ask — but my mouth was filled with mirrors, sharp pointed objects and her fingers. 
After an ete rn ity of picking and scraping, she spoke again. “ You may rinse now.” (That was her way of asking me to spit out the blood.) 
She gave me a dental care packet containing a m i r r o r , a to o th b r u s h , floss and a booklet enti­ tled “ Plaque Is Not A 
4-Letter Word — But It 
Should Be!” 
The m u s c le s of my neck tensed as I leaned toward the professional w ho pu ked at my plaque 
I had to agree with the booklet’s title — it should be a four-let ter word! 
The ordeal reminded me of a friend's friend who is an all time record setting toothbrush sales­ man. Ile keeps dip and chips beside his to oth ­ brush display. Shoppers are invited to have a snack 
Taste 

After tasting what ap­ pears to be sour cream and chives, the customers grimace and exclaim, “ This dip tastes like plaster’ 
“ It i s ! ” the s u p e r s a l e s m a n re ponds. 
“ Want to buy a toothbrush?" 
Just as his customers. I rinsed again. After an hour in the dental chair, I took my new toothbrush and headed for the park­ ing lot. 
“ In S a ltb u r n . E n g ­ land,” the ca r’s radio re­ lated, “ Kim ‘The J a w s’ 
Tinkler (w ith his abnorm­ ally healthy set of ivories) has lust pulled a in ne-and-a* ha lf-ion bus with his t e e t h ! ” The newscaster went on to say that a fter 
T i n k l e r 's dubious a c c o m p l i s h ­ ment, lie announced to witnesses. “ It's left me with a stiff neck!" 
It occurred to me as strange, as I drove home to my Excedrin bottle. that with my mouthful of cracked enamel — I had the same symptom from lust sitting in the dentist’s office! 
Show to have 
"fiesta theme 
“ Fiesta Forecast" will be the theme of the lun­ cheon style show at the 
B right Shawl W e d n e s ­ day. 
Mines. F r e d e r i c k 
(irons Jr ., Bomi Davis, 
'M a r k 
J o h n s o n . 
Neat 
Kinzie, Wallis Paul and 
Larry O’Neil will model 
'fashions from the Bouse of George 
F e a t u r e d d e s i g n e r s will Im* S Howard Bleach and Tally International 
J e n n ife r George will c o m m e n t a t e . and 
[complimentary hair- 
(style* will be by Wal- 
1 lace s 
Mrs t buries Noble and 
Mrs Donald Jacobs will 
Im* h o ste sse s 

Nothing can make you appreciate the fact that your teeth are internal as much as seeing a full scale model of your mouth in muddy pink plaster. 
“ Actually, your teeth are very h e a lth y , ” my dentist said after show­ ing me the model and lull set of X -rays. “ H ow­ ever," he added, “ You do have a few p r o b l e m s which can be overcome with a lot of good care.” 
(And a lot of good dol­ lars. I th o u g h t to m y ­ self.) 
“ How long will these crowns l a s t ? ” I as k ed him as we discussed my road to dental happiness. 
“ They will last longer than your teeth will in their present condition," he w as honest. 

This w eek’s date book 

MRS. 
HARRY 
MCELDOWNEY and Mrs. L. Lowry 
Mays meet in the garden of Christ 
Episcopal Church to make plans for the 4 o th annual 
Home and Garden 
Pilgrimage 

Tour dates announced 

Christ Episcopal 
C hurch will sponsor its 4oth annual San 
Antonio Home and 
Garden P ilgrim age 
Saturday and Sun­ day, March 26-27. 
Each year several outstanding homes and gardens in San Antonio are featured on the tour. 
This year the homes of 
Ct. Gen. and Mrs. Allen 
M. Burdett dr.. Mr. and 
Mrs. dames I*. Robinson 
II. Don Morris. M r. and 
M rs. W a lte r F. Brown and Robert Daubed will be shown 

\ is i t o r s 

Started by the Women ot 
Christ Episcopal Church at the suggestion of Mrs. doseph R. Murphy, tin' first pilgrim age attract­ ed 3oo people. 
Now more than 5,ooo visitors attend the annual event. 
The tour will be from noon to H p.m. each day. 
Tour buses w ill leave 
M u n icipal A ud itoriu m between 11:3o a.m. and 2 p.m. 
Bus fares for adults are 
$2 and $1 for children. 
P ilgrim age tickets are 
$2.5o and may be p u r­ chased at doske’s. Handy 

Andy supermarkets, the 
W itte 
M useum , local flower shops. Municipal 
Auditorium and at g ar­ den gates of t Ik* homes during the pilgrimage. 
General Chairm an is 
Mrs. L. Lowry Mays as­ sisted by dean ('allthorn. 
Mrs. Robert Thomas is advisor. O fficers are 
M rs. Don Com uzzi, se­ c re ta ry ; D orothy P ea­ cock. treasurer; and Mrs. 
V G . L eL au rin , p a rlia ­ mentarian. 
Assisting 

Assisting with the P il­ grim age are 
M ines, dames C urphy. Logan 
Huntress, Fred ( bletting. 
Russell Fichtner. Charles 
Parish dr.. Pat Chumnev, 
Keith Kaiser. Tom Thur­ mond. 
Charles 
Replier and Linden Collins. 
Also 
Liesel 
Vander 
St lichen. Mines. Rodney 
Adams, dohn Harrison. 
L arry W h ite. W arren 
Scott, W illia m Lyons, 
Judson Phelps, dohn Le- 
Flore, H arry McEldow- 
Hey. dohn Beauchamp, 
N E. McCluer, Thomas 
Sharp dr., Milton John­ son and Richard Monger. 
Also Edith Biles, R o s a ­ mond Biles, Mary Cole, 
Mines Courtney M c A l­ pin. Jack Walters, Shelby 
Stanley, dohn Tate II and 
Edgar Duncan. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 I 9 7 7 

SLE 

‘CALIFORNIA I T 

AN OUTSTANDING EXHIBIT Of 

PAINTINGS, DRAWINGS, 

PRINTS & SCULPTURE 

BY CALIFORNIA ARTISANS 

ON VIEW NOW IN ALL OUR STORES. 

DOWNTOWN; FROST’S ON THI RIVER 

NORTH STAR M A IL 

FROST BROS. 

Page 

 you will fsll in love, with California's holly's harp spring coflection of feminine delicacies, see it modeled informally all day tomorrow, downtown on third; tuesday, north star mall on two. meet jim harp, here to tell all. couturier salon, join us in tasting beaulieu's and horbel's california wines; california season's original monterey jack cheese and boodin's original sourdough bread, p | j n J y g p g g 

M O N D A Y 
IO a m . SAN A N T O NI O U N I T . 
N a tional 
A sso ciation of 
P a r­ lia m e n ta ria n s . in th e A la m o 
S a v in g s A s s o c ia tio n b u ild in g , 
M ines. John Her week, R oland M 
D ivan and C h arles VV C a rr w ill present a m ock tele visio n skit 
I p m. C H A P T E R BX . PEO. in the home of M rs A ugust P ron A b irth d a y p a rty w ill be com bin ed w ith the m e e tin g 
M rs 
C 
W t u n is J r w ill p re s e n t 
W ho 
M ore Than Self T h e ir C o u n try 
Loved. ’ 
J p m 
G I B B ON S L I T E R A R Y 
CLUB, in the hom e o l M rs Ed w a rd T s c h o e o e . M rs 
C lifto n 
Bolner w ill speak on 
M usic at e th n ic G roups 
Cohoslesses w ill be M m es 
A 
M 
G u id e ro . I 
B 
Mouge. August Her It and Le n o rd 
Hess 
J JO P rn 
S E R V I C E C L U B . 
S la rlite G ro ve No 
6189, W ood men of the W orld, in the hom e ot 
M rs. C rysta l I G om el V alentin e fa v o rs w ill be d is trib u te d to a nursin g home 
* 1 o p m 
T E X A S 
A L P H A 
A L U M N U S C H A P T E R . 
A lp h a 
C h i, w ill m e e t in E a rl A b e l s 
R estaurant M iss Jean L o n g w ith , d ire c to r of Radio. TV and I tim a t S an A n to n io C o lle g e w ill speak. 
/ p m . 
B E T A 
L A M B O A 
C H A P T E R , t p siio n S igm a A l phg, in the K idney f oun dations hea d q u a rte rs A ssista n te w ill tie g ive n w ith the fo u n d a tio n s ' on n val lurid d riv e 
I IO p m . 
A L P H A 
N U 
P l 
CH A P T E R , 
B ela Sigm a P hi, in the hom e at M rs . M a rio M ac ju ra n n o 
L u c y M a n o r w in p re sen* 
Philosophy 
/ J # p m . E P S I L O N S I G M A 
AL P H A . A lpha U psilon f h o o te r, 
In th e h o m e of M is s M e n th e 
Wit lh 
I : IO p m 
E T A O M I C R O N 
CH A P T E R . 
B clo Sigm a P hi. in the tionic of M rs Dick B e a d ro ll. to p ic w ill be 
Speech 
/ JO p m 
P R E C E P T O R G A M 
MA G A M MA . B ela Sigm a P hi. in the hom e of M rs 
D w ig h t E n g bsh 
Hostess w ill present 
P oetry 
7 JO p m 
P R E C E P T O R P H I 
C H AP TER . 
Beta Sigm a P hi in the home ot M rs G len May M rs 
W a lle r T 
Mac am w ill p re s e n t 
•ne p ro g ra m 
/ JO p m 
X I 
A L P H A 
P S I 
C H A P TE R 
Beta S igm a P hi, in the hom e of M rs June M e t ham 
Anne C a ld w e ll w ill p re se n t 
A 
W oman s Bes* I r lend 
T U ES D A Y t JO a rn 
R N 
C L UB OF FT 
SAM HOUSTON, in the Bern h 
P a villio n A u d ito riu m Col A rchue 
B rogg er w ill speak on the or go m /ntton 
OI the t m er gene y 
R oom u l ilm n g p h y s ic ia n e t lenders 
IO a.rn 
L A D I E S A U X I L I A R Y 
OF ST 
P E T E R S • ST 
J O ­ 
SE PH' S C H I L D R E N S H O M E . on th e g r o u n d f lo o r 
N e w protects w ill be discussed Inter esied ladies a re in vite d 
IO JO a rn L A U R E L CLUB, ut th e B rig h t S h a w l 
M rs 
C 
A 
Johnson w ill be hostess 
I I a rn 
W O M E N S 
A U X 
• L I A R Y TO T H E S A L V A T I O N 
A R M Y , a l the Peacock Center 
Stan De G e rm a n ic a d m m ts tr a to r, w ill speak 
L u n ch e o n w ill lot low 
I JO p m T U E S D A Y MU S I CA L 
CLUB. in Ine U n iv e rs ity P res a s te rio n C h u rch 
P ro g ra m w ill in clude the ct up ch o ir d ire *le d by D onald Se Des lo . c lu b dunce gro u p d ire c te d bv Joanna Lee ana the U n iv e rs ity P re s b y te ria n 
C h urch o rg a n ist, M u d d y n f aitis 

J p m 
P H I L ! A CL UB. 
Hi me nome et M rs 
Jam es v 
G rave s w ith M rs 
Jesse N t leu her as to n e tte s * 
M rs f i t l l S ir w ilt p ie se n t 
P i e d it h un s 
How Ac cur of# A i# I he y- 
o p m 
DEON A N O D E R R I C K 
CLUB. in m e S* in A It tor nu C lub ut A lam o N o tio n a l Bank tren ding 
Dr 
M u hue! A tu n e w ill sue us pn 
U r a n iu m C u b is t a lig n in 
South f t a a t 
o IO p rn 
B L 
C A M I N O 
C HAP I E M 
A m e ric a n B a v h e t* 
Wo m e n * As tu t lo tio n in C a rt 

A b e ts R e s ta u ra n t. 
M rs bu 
Thomsen w ill speak on 
C itire n s h ip 
J a n e t M e v e r w ill be vocational soeoker 
/ JO p m 
L A M B O A L A M B D A 
C H A P T E R , 
Tau P hi L a m b d a 
S o ro rity, W oodm en of the W orld, in the hom e of M rs. H 
M. She! ton 
M em bers w ill m ake fa vo rs tor the eidct iv m e m b e rs ct the club 
/ JO p m 
R A N D O L P H W I N D 
CREST E V E N I N G GROUP, 
Lo 
Lee he Lea gue, in the hom e of 
M rs W alter V ism skv 
Topic win be 
Bobv A rriv e s 
The F a m ily and the Br cashed Baby 
/ : JO p m . X I L A M B O A N U 
C H A P T E R . 
B< lo Sigm a Ph., in the hom e of M rs 
Bud b ro w n w h o w ill p re s e n t ‘ P r a c t ic a l 
A rts f o r fu n or M oney ll p m 
W O M E N 
O F 
T H E 
MOOSE, ch a p te r and business m eeting in the Moose Home. 
W E D N E S D A Y 
1o a rn C H A P T E R EE . PEO. in th e h o m e o l 
M rs 
P 
W 
Stoughton M rs. H W Skeen w ill be cohostess 
M rs 
E d w a rd W 
P e n s h o rn w ill s p e a k on 
In in g o in g P e rs o n a litie s o f th e 
Recent Past 
11 a . rn 
W O M E N S 
A U X 
I L I A R Y OF C E R T I F I E D P U B 
LIC ACCOUNTANTS, w ill hold o lunch eon at Oak H ills M otor inn 
M rs. D ia n e G e n try , fre e la n c e p h o to g ra p h e r a n d a u th o r, w ill speak 
M rs W alter Ju n ym o n n is hostess cha it m ob 
/ p m 
L A C K L A N D 
N C O 
WIVES CLUB, in the C hateau 
Room 
A m ovie 
Rape Peeved lio n " and discussion is planned. 
T H UR SD A Y 
* a m 
FT 
S A M H O U S T O N 
P R O T E S T A N T 
W O M E N 
OF 
THE C H AP EL , in the M ain Pos! 
< hopei w ith the them e 
D ialo gue 
W ith God 
M rs C 
D B e ard w ill rc p o it on C h urch W omen U ntied 

IO a rn 
L A C K L A N D 
OF 
FICE RS WI V ES CL UB, in the 
L o c k la n d O ffic e rs O pen M ess 
Col 
Molt M ille r. C o m m ande r ot 
Basic M ilita ry T ra in in g School, w ill c o n d u c t u to u r o f t h e ir lac little s 
L un cheon w ill fo llo w 
Hostesses are B M TS wives, 

I p rn K A S I OA H R E V I E W I I / , 
A m e r ic a n N o rth A rtie r le a n 
B e n e fit 
A s s o c ia tio n , in th e 
C rockett H otel Hostesses w ill br* 
M m es 
Lorena 
M onty ond W ill m a B eattie 
J p m 
N O R T HE A ST SAN AN 
T ONt O C H A P T E R NO 
IO*], 
A m erican A ssociation of R e file d 
P e rso n s, w ill m eet in the as sculpty hall of the A lam o H e ights 
P i esbvter io n C h u rch 
The film 
The Second B a ltic of B rita in w ill be shown 
N a rra to r w ill be 
Jam es f 
H ill who w ill answ er questions a lle r the (tim 
* JO p m 
E X E C U T I V E S 
S E C R E T A R I E S , rn the L a v a 
B a llro o m c t the Oak H ills M olar 
In n 
D in n e r b e g in s a l / p m 
B u siness C a re e r D e v e lo p m e n t 
P i agr an i student fin a lis t w ill be i hosett and the fiv e teachers of the entries w ill be honored 
* J I p m 
I 1 SU R A NC E 
W O M EN OF 
THE A L A MO, th the V illa E spanola a f the in te r n a tio n a l A ir p o r t 
M a rth a I ds ta n a w ill s h o w a f ilm tit le d 
T o m o rro w s 
G o v e r n m e n t tu d o r follow ed bv discussion 
* 1 o p m 
K E Y N O T E 
C H A P T E R . 
A m e rica n Business 
W om en * A ssoc lo tio n , in th e 
H oliday Inn N o rthw e st 
M eeting fo llo w s th e s o c ia l. P o rte r P 
M itc h e ll. K e y n o te s B es* at the 
Year w ill speak on C a lie n s h ip 
J a n n e Mc l«hee w ilt b f vocatio n a l le a p e r 
M i* 
K a th r y n 
Cavenaer w ill be in c h a rg e id a 
ISIK a n n iv e rs a ry p ro g ra m 
/ • r n W O M E N * A U X I L I A R V 
TO 
T H E 
V E T E R I N A R Y 
M E D I C A L A S S O C I A T I O N 
... in # h o m e p l M is 
R o b e rt j 

/ IE P rn 
D E L T A G A M M A 
M O T H ER S C L U B 
1 •' i 
'iv Fe M - 
*;*t M f * 
C fto* if 
HaN tlf-f y-ti ) 
C 
*41 tar 

 t ciTh,»*♦#'*-% 
Afft# % t ,.f i f i n g 
V 
* 
% 
I « t 
* r t 
VV I 
**tt 
INUM $## 
<MI$ ta# 

 outstanding! lucie anu s spring collection ol leisurewear, lingerie and 

 dinner at home marvels modeled informally tor you wednesday, north star mall, lingerie salon. 

 win a holiday in calilornia. register now through february 28,1o77 in any frost bros. store lo win a california vacation lor two 

 via american airlines lo los angeles with one week's luxury accommodations al the hyatt regency Iqs angeles, no purchase necessary. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 
Love fosters a happy life 

The day before Valentine’s 
Day is a good day to learn that 
Marvin and C’leta Foster agree 
Z that love is one of the magic 
“ ingredients that make a mar- 
* riage and family life successful. 

Pieta says. “ Other important things in our family plan include being in the 
1 church, having respect for each other and doing m any things together." 
Marvin agrees and adds, “ M arriage is a cooperative thing. We work to­ gether towards the sam e goals and feel like we accomplish things together." 
The F osters have been m arried 17 years and have a seven-year-old son, 
Kevin, and a 13-year-old d a u g h te r, 
• Krisie. 
Marvin 
Marv in grew up on a farm in the Red 
River Valley near Vernon and Cleta was born and raised in a small rural town, Oklaunion, near the Oklahoma border in Texas. 
“ We knew each other all of our lives, practically,” Cleta says. “ We were in school and church together. We noticed each other the last couple of years of high school and started dating." 

M arvin received his B S. degree from Midwestern University, his m as­ ter’s degree in science from University of Montana and his m aster s in educa­ tion from Trinity University. 
Cleta and Marvin m arried after she had graduated from Midwestern Uni­ versity and he resumed his studies. 
For three sum m ers, he received a 
National Science F oundation Grant and he and his family camped in Big Bend 
National Bark where he did research for his m aster’s in science. 

The family moved to San Antonio in 
I DHI and Marvin taught science and coached at Connell Junior High. Ile ta u g h t biology ut H ig h lan d s High 
School for four years. 
H<> is now vice principal at Sam 
Houston Senior High School after serv­ ing as dean for two years. 
Active m em bers at Baptist Temple, 
M arvin has se rv e d on m any committees. Ile is a third grade Sunday 
School te a c h e r, an ac tiv e d eaco n , chairman of Education Loan and office committees, on budget com m ittee and just retired as chairman of deacons 
He also sings in the choir and is a s s is ta n t coach for th e w o m e n ’s softball and basketball teams. He did 
Wom be honored 

“ W om en of A ch ie v e­ m ent” is Hie theme of a 
Saturday meeting of the 
W om en’s Clubs of San 
Antonio being held at ll a in. in the ballroom of 
San 
A ntonio C ou n try 
Club. 
Special tribute will be paid to the IO Outstand­ ing Women of the Year chosen by Express-News readers. 
Clubs participating are 
Altrusa, Business & Pro­ fessional Women, Mexi­ can-A m erica ii Business 
& Professional Women. 
Pilot, Quota. Soroptomist aud Zonta. 
G eneral ch a irm an of the meeting is Mrs. Dor­ othy Pukka, prsesident of 
Soroptomist ( lull 
The program will begin with a luncheon followed by a style show coordi­ nated by Col Mary Bag- gan, president of Quota 
Club. Fashions from Mi­ chael's of Colonies North will bi> featured 

Fire (Ihief to 

 in stall slate 

The Ladies Auxiliary to the 
San 
A ntonio 
P ro fe ss io n a l 
FT re 
F ig h te r 's A sso ciatio n , 
Local t»24, will install new o ffic ers at 7:3o p .m . 
M onday in 
P ark v iew 
Senior Center. 
FTre Chief LO. Martin­ ez will install the slate. 
T he new o ffic e rs in ­ clu d e 
M ines. 
K erry 
Yoast. president; Andrew 
Casius, vice p resid en t. 
Joe C a n d e la rio . s e c r e ­ tary; and Fiddle Ochoa, treasurer 

ALL 
IN THE 
FAMILY 

£f 

Frame designed by: 

CSD 
Look pretty 

You can depend upon TSO to till your doctor s prescription tor glasses and contact lenses to exact specifications. 
I SO will com fortably and fashionably fit your glasses. Also TSO provides adjustm ents, repairs and replacement of lenses and frames. 
C onvenient credit is available and TSO honors Bank AmerIcard and M aster C harge cards it preferred 
Vou ll like what you see at I SO because at f SO we ta re how you look at life. 

Texas S ta te O p t ic a l 

San Antonio Area TSO Locations 

, redencksbuig Rd • JUDO bio**** • Central Fart, Mail • W I W Curr*me*t«f 
/!UF .adet*Hsbury Rd rn PUu* dr las Palmas • McCmtess Plata • MO & W *Uu»rv Drive 
5o9 E Houston • North Stat Matt • Windsor Par* Ma# • 2oSA W Water (Kerrville) 
Open Saturdays until 1:oo p.m. 
MEDICAID PATIENTS WELCOME 

 som e basketball officiating for the 
Southwest Conference but no longer has the time. 
Golfing and fresh arid salt water fishing are hobbies of his. 
The fam ily loves to ca m p at state parks. 
“ I guess I’ve still got farming in my blood,” Marvin says. “ I love yard work and gardening.” 
He grows straw b erries and other berries and he turns these and Mustang grapes into jelly for the family. He enjoys playing chef in the kitchen and at the barbeque grill 
Cleta 
Pieta taught a year at Weaver, Okla., before m arriage and then was secre­ tary' on cam pus while he finished col­ lege. 
In San Antonio, she taught eight years at Herman llirsch, a year at Inez 
F oster and is now in her third year at 
Pecan Valley Elem entary School She taught different ages and finds her first graders, with 32 iii the class, to be very challenging. 

'Marriage is a coopera­ tive thin p. H e work to­ gether towards the same goals a n d f e e l like we a t ea rn p I is h 
I h i ii gs t o g e th e r — 
Marvin hos­ ier 

She is director of the third grade department in Sunday School and on the Education Committee. She plays 
Sunday School Athletic League basket­ ball and has pitched quite a few years out of the past six on the softball team 
Sewing is her “ relaxing” hobby. She makes most of her own wardrobe. Shi* bas made pants and ties for Marx in, 
T-shirts for Kevin and a bedspread witll over 3(1o squares. 
“ I used to m ak e all of K ris ie ’s clothes, until she hit the jeans age.” 
Pieta laughs, “ Jeans are out of my line.” 
She enjoys cooking and housekeeping 
— on the run. Her family likes her beef stroganoff, pizza and ham burgers. 
The family would like to return to 
Montana where they made friends and do more mountain camping iii neigh­ boring stales 
Last sum m er, the family attended a 
Southern Baptist Convention at Virgin­ ia Beach aud enjoyed a trip through 
Jam estow n, colonial W illiam sburg, 
Washington I) P and other beautiful and historically interesting spots 
K risic* 
Krisie is a seventh grader in Salado 
Middle School. She finds working in the office very interesting. 

She s in the Art Club, Patriots pod squad and Student Council. She hopes to continue in pep squad at East Cen­ tral High School. 
Keeping her busy are piano and gymnastic lessons which she’s taken for about four years. There was a break 
— due to an arm with a break. 
Look out Nadia — Krisie is becoming I better all the time on the bar, beam, vault, floor and trampoline. 
She likes to collect jewelry. She has competed in swimming at Pecan Val­ ley Country Club, likes to skate, skate­ board, bike, go to the coast and to slum ber parties. 
“ I really like to ride horses, but I only get to when we visit my G rand­ mother at Vernon,” she says. 
Krisie took home the grand prize this week iii the Junior High Science fair on her biological entry. Her radish and bean seedlings were winners. 
At church she’s in the Youth Choir, 
A ct-T een s and P o w e r Line S tudy 
Group. The young people are planning a trip to Glorietta, N M. this sum m er. 
They have enjoyed overnight camping at “ His Hill” at Comfort. 
The young people have an “ Adopt a 
G ra n d m o th e r P r o g r a m ’’ to c h e e r housebound elderly church members. 
Cards, visits, calls and gifts are part of the project. 
She would like to be an interior decorator when she is grown. 
Kevin 
Kevin is a second grader at Pecan 
Valley E lem entary. He’s just disco­ vered Social Studies and he likes it — but he can’t really explain yet what it is. 
He knows they’re studying jobs and be knows he wants to be a fireman when he grows up. Kevin’s basketball team at church just won a first place trophy in the 7-9 year old division 

He enjoys bicycles, jum ping on Ins tram p o lin e,aiy l s k a tin g and s w im ­ ming 
Last year he started to learn golf and after taking lessons he goes out with his 
Dad. 

He collects “ s tic k e rs ” or decals. 
"Y ou’ll find them everyw here,” Ins family laughs. 
He likes to draw and Army and war pictures are his specialty. 

He would bkt* to go exploring iii outer space if he could go anywhere he wanted to. Star Trek is a favorite show of his and he likes to make airships and moon landings. 

He tried ice seating once but said the ice hurt his knees — so he may not rush back. 
His household chore is the standard uninteresting one for small boys — carrying out the garbage. 

Kevin is quite happy when he’s play­ ing with som e of the fam ily pets. 
There s Charcoal and Tiger, the cats; 
Taffy, the dog; and Jum per, the huge white friendly rabbit. 

The Festers believe that Valentine theme song. “ What the World Needs 
Now is Love Sweet Love.” 

NEXT W EEK; Meet the Gates 

The MARVIN FOSTERS, Kevin and Krisie 

 p h o t o bv steve cam pbell 

Protect lips in cold weather 

 r n fashions 

Baby Cord 
Shirtdress. 

For w arm 

 w eather, a shirt- 

 dress in a 

 p o ly e ste r a n d 

 cotton b a b y co rd 

 w ith co n trastin g 

 scarf. Blue, p ink 

 o r beige. 

M isses sizes. 

$42 

53o3 B ro a d w a y 
828-8286 

 r- 

By--------------------------- 
MARY SLE MILLER 

A smoky, hazy look is desirable in eye shadow , but the Upline should be clearly defined. Unless it is neat, lipstick s e e m s unfinished — unkempt. 
Owing to weather- winter - rough, chapped skin — m any L ovelies find a clean line im pos­ sible to draw . 
B e tte r c a r e would doubtless help lo smooth the skin and c le a r th e line. Here are a few lip- care tips: 
G uard against the h a­ bit of wetting or licking the lips. T h e h a b it is harder on lip complexion than the weather 
Cleanse the lips several tim es daily and at b ed ­ tim e w ith c le a n s in g cream. 
Keep a lip-healing stick beside your tied, ap p ly ­ ing it last thing at night and first th in g iii th e morning. 
Redo lip color often 
The lip co n tain s no oil g la n d s and n eed s the m o is tu riz in g a good cream y lipstick provides 
And just in time for a rescue is new, automatic lipcolor — super-shiny," frcsli and lovely. The co­ lor comes in a wand with a sponge up that shapes 

 while it colors. 
V ou can choose your s h a d e s at a g la n c e b e ­ cause the wand is a see- thru th at’s unbreakable. 
The shades, such as v iv id rose pink and real red. look wet and wonderful. 
A great way to patch split lips. 
Model lips 

F ifty ways to ideal skin and natural makeup for young adults — ages 13 to 
19 — are detailed in nix booklet. M ODEL T IP S 
FOK TEENS. 
For your copy, w rite 
Mary Sue Miller in cure ol the Express-News, Box 
2171, San Antonio, Tex 
78297, enclosing a long, sell-addressed, stam ped envelope and 25 cents iii coin 
Cauliflower contest 

Of all the vegetables to choose from—fresh most of the year and always available in the freezer case, cauliflower p roba­ bly is the one home cooks do the least with 

Yet th e re a re s u p e r ways to dress up” this excellent vegetable that will he the category for the next San A ntonio 
News food section con test 
Five dollars will go to 
Hie person entering the liest recipe using cau li­ flower by m ailing it to gi'LMid Editor. The News. 

Pox 21/1, hun Antonio, 
Tex. 78297 before Feb. 17. 
Write your recipe on one side of a sheet of palier, tell why it is your favorite and sign your n am e, giv m g your a d ­ dress and daytim e tell** phone number 
Oilily tested reel J ms are elig ib le , and only one entry from each contes­ tant will bt* considered 
The w inning recipe using cauliflower wilt he p u b lis h ed 
M arch 
3 
Watch for the winning crepes recipe on Feb 17 and the winning strogan­ off recipe on Feb 24 

EVERYTHING 
FROM 
5 .o o TO 5 o .o o 
BEGINS 
MONDAY. 
FEBRUARY IC 

SHOP MONDRY THRX) -SATURDAY, 
"FROH ID’.OO TO 5 m soot o roadway • 8 zB-(3 3 S 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 ornia Fashion 

Monday marks the official opening of Frost’s “California 
Fashion Rush.’’ 
The tribute to the Sunshine 
State will continue throughout 
February and will feature fa­ shions, designers, executives, art, wines, cheeses, coiffures and displays keyed to California. 

All three F ro st’s stores in San An­ tonio will participate, as well as the store in Austin’s Northcross Mall. 
T he sa lu te was launched w ith a weekend style previewing sprint-into- sum m er fashions from California de- signes S aturday in F ro s t's C ourt, 
North Star Mall. 
Monday and Tuesday, the ‘‘Fashion 
Hush” gains momentum with informal modeling of the award-winning collec­ tion of H olly’s H arp, cu rren tly the toast of American fashion. Jim Harp, husband of the Los Angeles designer, will be here both days. 

 day and Saturday he will be at North H 
Star. 
J 
Dominie graduated from the Miami ll 
Academy of Beauty Culture and had || advance training at the 
Coiffeur II 
Americana Institute in New York. He [I also studied creative haircutting with ti 
Mr. M ercier of California; Mr. Ken- [I neth in New York, and style techniques [I with Carl Pace of New York. 
I 
In his spare time, he is studying bu- [I siness law and political science. 
J 
LUCIE ANN L IN G E R IE - The [I entire new collection by Lucie Ann, ll considered among the most fashiona- ii hie sleepwear and loungewear iii the ll world, will be modelled all day [I 
Wednesday at North Star Mall Lucie N 
Ann envoy Vicki F isc h e r will b ell 
Frost’s guest. 
| 
Styli* 

STANLEY SHERMAN — S ty list J 
Jack Naviaux will present the Stanley U 
Sherman spring line Thursday in tin* ll 
Downtown sto re , and S atu rd ay in I 
North Star. 
I 
Casual elegance is tin* mood of the | soft d re sse s, su its, and tw o-and- I three-piece costum es. Featured art* | pure silks and Ultrasuedes. Favored | colors are chamois and apple honey. 
I 
EVA GABOR WIGS — From 8:3o to I 
S:BO p.m. T hursday, Josef of Rome, I who now resides in C alifornia, will E show the newest Eva Gabor Wigs in I 
Frost’s North Star. 
I 
Vice p re sid e n t and d e sig n e r for I 
Eva’s wig company, Josef will In* in I the Downtown Wig Salon F rid ay I morning and back at North Star during I the afternoon. 
FRAGMENTS — Brenda French, a I form er B ritisher and now a C alifon I nian, will be in North Star Mall all day I 
Friday to dem onstrate and explain I 
F rag m en ts, a new fashion concept I which allows a near endless num ber of I ensem bles from a bagful! of in te r - 1 changeable parts. 
GWEN JACKSON wall present her h andbags F rid a y Downtown and 
Saturday at North Star Mall. Terry 
Baughman will be at North Star Mall 
Friday with the JODY JUNIOR col­ lection, and Kay McKinney will be there with GAREY PETITES junior sportswear. 
Prizes 
Three attendance prizes of a Cali­ fornia vacation for two via American 
Airlines will be presented during the 
“ Fashion Rush." 
Lucky winners will have a weeks stay at the colorful, prestigious Hyatt Re­ gency Hotel. Complimentary tours to the Lion Country Safari, the Magic 
Mountain, the Queen Mary and Uni­ versal Studios, all brilliant attractions in or near Los Angeles will be included. 
Everyone 18 or m ore years old is invited to register in any Frost Bros, store and, of course, no purchase is requir<*d to register or win. 
“ California 77 Art Exhibition” will 
In* on view at North Star Mall arui in 
Frost’s other stores through the month. 
San Antonio and Austin. 
This exhibit includes more than IOO p a in tin g s, d raw in g s, p rin ts and sculptures. There are contem porary works in acylic, polyester, aluminum and steel, side by side with the tradi­ tional oils, watercolors, woodcuts and etchings, 

NORTH STAR MALL 

Feminine 

Holly has been advocating the softer side of fashion for at least nine years. 
In an Express-News story from the 
Los Angeles Times News Service, fa­ shion editor Mary Iou Luther writes: 
“ For Holly Harp, the current fashion movement away from classic, man- tailored clothes to the soft, sexy clothes she staked out as early as I RHS is directly attributable to what she calls the evolution of woman's identity.” 
In other words, Holly explains, wo­ men started wearing mannish clothes to prove they weren’t the “ stereo-typi­ cal” female — “ dainty little things,” that is. 
After awhile, she continues, they began to feel they were m issing so­ mething and wanted to look pretty, too. 
Holly creates the soft sexy styles, but she is an advocate of. alternative dressing. 
“ Be tailored or be a cream puff,” she says. “ It’s an exercise in choice.” 
Her spring-sum m er collection, pre­ viewed for the fashion press in New 
York earlier in the season, features dreamy, sheer, drapey fantasies for day as well as evening. But they an* easy-to-wear for women with figures for soft fabrics. (M ore about Holly below). 
\ ineyards 

During the informal showing of the collection, visitors will be invited to sip wine from the Beaulieu Vineyards in 
Napa Valley and champagne from the 
Korbel Winery in Guerneville. 
They’ll also taste original sourdough breads from San Francisco’s Boudin 
Bakeries (established in 1849), as well as original Monterey Jack cheese first m ade on the Jack fam ily ranch in 
Monterey, Calif. 
All this will be against the back­ ground of fresh flowers flown in from 
California by American Airlines and an exhibition of works by C alifornia s contemporary artists. 
Calendar 

SO PH ISTICA TED m atte jersey from H o lly 's H arp of Cal ifornia to be fe ature d at Frost's 

Several other fashion specialists will 
In* Frost’s guests this week. In calen­ dar order, thev include the follow ing. 
AIN JEWELRY — Sandy Keirn of 
Aix of California Jewelry will be in 
Frost’s Downtown until noon Tuesday and at North Star Mall from from I to 5 p.rn.-Tuesday. 
The contemporary rings, bracelets, 

D O M IN IC w ill c re a te coiffures 
H O U Y H A R P se n d in g spring d e sign s 

 pendants, necklaces, etc. are styled to complement all types of fashions. 
DOMINIC OF BEVERLY HILLS - 
This young hair stylist will be guest 

 d e sig n e r in F ro s t’s B eauty Salon 
Downtown all day T uesday and 
Wednesday and on Thursday morning. 
Thursday afternoon, and all day Fri- 
Designer Holly Harp has Texas connection 
FINAL CLEAN UP 
SHOE SALE 

California’s Holly Harp, who sends her collection to Frost 
Bros, this week, has a definite 
“Texas connection.'’ 

Today, Holly is well-established on the fashion m ap. But she got her lool-hnld a few years back in what be­ gan as a sandal designing stin t in 
Mexico. 
Frustrated because there was no fa­ shionable ready-to-w ear around to complement her designs, she had her own wardrobe custom-made from w hat was available—“ funny old Mexican fabrics.” 
The clothes w ere such a hit with everyone, she was encouraged to return to school and study art and fa­ shion design at N orth T exas S tate 
University. 
There she not only got a degree, but a husband who just happened to also be her English professor. 
In I9K8, with a small loan from her father, she opened a small boutique on 

L.A.’s fabled “ Sunset Strip.” Holly’s boutique pros|»ered, becoming a refuge for well-to-do rock stars. 
( hanging h er sty le from the 
“ feathers and fringe” costumerie for which she became known, she gained a whole new clientele— such stars as All, 
McGraw, Liza Minnelli, Dinah Shore, 
Barbara W alters. 
Holly Harp became a star in her own right with innovative fashion shapes and handpainting on fabrics. 
By 1973 her clothes attracted enough attention to warrant a wholesale line and to pick up two Coly Award nomin­ ations. 
By 1978, a $1o,ooo investment in the little boutique had been parlayed into a million-and-a-half dollar corporation. 
However, Holly Harp still does not take her success for granted. As the 
.designer, recently turned 37, says,’* 
W henever I’m try in g to m ake an aesthetic decision. I always go in the direction of taking chances. I think that’s an im portant element in any art," 

 la d ie s F oot-S o-P orl - D ick erson 's - F ool Savers 

KMM, SI 

SPRING NATURALS • cotton khaki trimmed with loath** mi tho pot N et tom bm ahon tor opting ,,, guuchr and (ashot . from 
Maawnum SOO 
Free Parking Across Si, 
(DOWNTOWN) til L GMWMX ST, 

 tm 
■ ■ doontc balkier/ m clothe/ etc 
Express-New* Want Ads 22S-1666 
>333 MsCUUOUmM • TMI VARO • 9 3 o o M OaDW AY • QUADRANT! I MAU 

TRAVIS PARK JEWELERS 
4 2 8 N . St. M a r y ’s 
N e x t to the Blue Bonn et H otel Lobby 

H o w r s : 1 o - 5 : 3 o M o n . - f t i d o t e d S a t u r d a y * 

Shows feature coats 

Travis Park Jewelers 

Next to the Blue Bonnet Hotel lobby 
428 N. St. Mary's 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Jet gala takes off 
Saturday 

Want t(t take an imaginary flight aboard a 
727 jet? You can do so Saturday. 

You’ll have cham pagne, fashions and music. Plus one of Braniff’s much talked about 727 jets decorated by A lexander 
(’alder. 

Ala Cortada, an organization of former flight at­ tendants representing all airlines, is presenting the gala — complete with Kleig lights on the aircraft — from 6:3o to IO p.m. Saturday. The public is invited, to meet and mingle aboard the aircraft and Braniff’s 
Departure Lounge No. 27 at International Airport. 
Entertainment 

Fashions from Clothes Etc. are being selected to dress women for a trip around the world. Entertain­ ment will be provided by the Harlaridale High School 
Stage Band and by strolling musicians Donna Pea­ cock and Carol Adams. 

O N E W EEK ONLY 
FINAL CLEAN UP 
SHOE SALE 

D O N N A is set for R h o d e s1 cruise sh ow in w he at-tone d silk shorts and blouse and fuchsia cotton ‘T1 

215o E. H ildebrand between Broadw ay and 
N ew Braunfels 

Among the ensembles to be modeled is the one pictured above Donna wears pleated-front cuffed w alking shorts and m atching silk blouse by 
Newcomer. Adding color contrast is Ardee’s fuchsia cotton T-shirt Canvas espadrilles are by Crasshop- 
|R*r. 

Music will In* provided by the Small World Trio. 
The public is invited, and admission is free. 

FAM O U S BRA N D S SUCH A S 

• RED CRO SS* 
• COBBIES 
• SOCIALITE 
• CARRESA 
• N IN A 
• SELBY 

REGULAR TO 4o.oo 

Wolfman’s 

Houston 
San Antonio* 

Springs best two-piece outfit is white with black and brown pattern. 
In polyester, sizes 
6 to 14. 

N A N C Y K E N N E Y and lin d a C enter are re a d y fo r A la 
Cortada ch am p agn e fashion b lig h t1 

Seventh Avenue is striking gold 

NEW NORK — When they bundle into their furs and scarves to leave the show­ rooms where summer collections are being shown, most viewers are smiling. 

B y 
That isn’t because Se­ venth Avenue is less fri­ gid than anyplace else 
If s because, collective­ ly, the clothes are the li­ veliest and gayest in years. 
Designers haven’t been necessarily struck with inspiration, nor do the collections display a wild streak of inventiveness. 
They’re simply good hu­ mored and easy, and that's enough to put an­ yone rn a pleasant frame of mind. 
While the mini revival is stirrin g up a sm all amount of concern (will or w on’t women wear them off the beach?), it s the only area of unease. 
For the rest, the summer clothes are loose and re­ laxed and there’s so ­ mething for everybody. 
G litter 

There s a tendency to add a bit of glitter to both silk and cotton — Un* do­ m inant fab rics — by rim m ing the clothes iii gold braid or, at least, adding a gold kid bell. 
There can, of course. 
Im* tiMi much of a good thing and there are mo­ ments when the gold standard is overwhelm ­ ing Oscar de La Ha ma, in 

BERNADINE 
MORRIS 
* lIU E w rw ;, SERVI 
N tW VORK 

 cates of gold edging and also know how to keep it under control. 
Oscar de la Renta lets his clothes move as if they had a life fit their own. The movers include gauzy caftans presum a­ bly geared to the to evening separates in pleated silks that float as the wearer moves. 
None of his things make any kind of drama­ tic fashion statement. 
They are sim ply the sort of light, pretty de­ sign that brighten a wo­ m an's spirit, when the sun is high — or after it goes down. They look ef­ fortless from the ca ­ m isole tops to the ai- most-strapless flowered dresses held up by spaghetti strings 
Those gold edges are everywhere, from the beach caftans to chiffon evening floats 
De la 
Itenta has his practical side loo. The evening clothes have interchan­ geable tops, from bare to billowy, so that a clever his evening things, and ' woman could build an 

U b a r l e s s u p p o r t in h i t 
I d o U n w sty blk. g f u A ds ie extensive wardrobe from a couple ut tail tits 

Sophistication 

"O ur spring cruisewvar will highlight fashions for the outdoor woman who wants to be well-dressed but practical and functional,’’ notes M rs Teas. "It will also Im * keyed to the busy career woman who wants simplicity and sophistication. 

"F o r the romantic woman, there will be long flowing coverups which lead a dual life — from poolside to dinner parties.** 

Learn lo Sew or Sew Better at Singer 
Only $295o for 18 hours of expert 
Singer instruction 
Sisals? 
FREE va; \th c o u r s e 

D O W N TO W N ANO NCMI TH STAB 

■ MIM 

Cruising into spring fashions 

Fashion goes cruising Saturday. 
Rhodes will present its first spring cruisewear fashion show' of 1977 at I p.m. in the Grand Court of Wonderland Shopping 
M all. 

Mrs. John Duce is chairman of the event. Mrs. M. 
V. Ehlers is president of Ala Cortada. 

Tickets are available through all Ala Cortadq 
•members or by calling Mrs. Ehlers or Mrs. Buddy 
Miller. 

Purpose of the gala is to raise funds for charities and for a flight attendant scholarship. 

Says M rs Ehlers: "P a rt of being a flight hostess means caring for people and serving them. Although 
Ala Cortada members no longer serve people in the air, we do so on the ground, particularly three local charities. We invite you to share the evening with us and assist us in our charitable endeavors.” 

The event is being planned by Juanada Teas, 
Rhodes’ fashion coordinator. She says: 
"T he runway show will bring out the magic of early spring. Leading off will be beautiful coverups with a ‘hint’ of a bathing suit beneath. 

1 
"Cuffed walking shorts and blouson jackets will In* a featured combination, as will drawstring pants with short cropped jackets — both rn wheat-colored silk.” 
The color story will include the important spring brights as well as the lights. Among fabrics will be such “ naturals’’ as cotton, linen and silk plus easy-care , look-alike blends. 

FR O M London Fog coot collection at Frank Bros. 

All-weather coats will be in the fashion spotlight this week. 
The London F o g col­ lection will be presented by Frank Bros, from ll a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday in the Central P a rk M all store, and at the sam e hours Tuesday in the' 
Windsor Park Mall store. 
Bob Mayer, New York representative of London 
Fog, will be here with the collection. It not only features regular sizes but petites and a new group of half-sizes. 
Mayer points out that the coats are "clim ate- right” for San Antonio. 

President's ball slated 

Canyon Creek Country 
Club will hold its Presi­ dent’s Ball beginning with cocktails at 7 p.m. 
Saturday in the country club. Dinner and dancing to the m usic of Larry 
Herman will follow. 
Tribute will bi* paid to the new board of direc­ tors as well as the outgo­ ing board and past board members. The new pre­ sident is Worley Camp­ bell. The outgoing presi­ dent is J, D. Wysong. 
The President’s Ball is the highlight of the club's social events. 

SINGER 
Wa vt In A Sawing Oro By OutMlwn 

In Son Antonio: 
9 1 7 H cC r»l*u P la t a .................................................... 
9 9 4 -6 1 5 4 
2 o 6 W onderland Shopping City 
........................... 7 9 5 -6 1 6 6 
226 Confr a1 PmHi Shopping C a n to r,.................. 
. 942-5296 
71ft L M . N H N o r f O H 
............................. 
6 2 2 - 2 1 6 1 

RED C R O S S 
JA SHOE 
Nit HOUSE 

• M c C r a b n H o ta I H G M ) • J a y t o n ViHog* 
• Carotol Park • Sooth Park M all • Univai vol City 
• M p t h n i Village • W tncBu Park M a l 

UNUSUALLY 

FINE 

QUALITY 

DIAMONDS 

In A 

Variety of 

Tiffany 

Settings 

.75 Carat clean brilliant diamond set in 14 let. 6 prong Tiffany mounting 
8 o o . Value 
Our enc. 3 9 5 - 

1 Car at diamond set m Antique design mounting complete with matching wedding ring. 
I 9 o o . V alue 
Our Mc* 5 9 5 ® * 
1.33 Carat clean brilliant solitaire diamond set in 6 prong setting on wide yellow 14 kt. band 
9 5 o o . V alue 
Our Arlee 995** 
1.4o Carat clean brilliant pear shaped dia­ mond set in wide 14 kt. florentined band. 
4 o o o . V alue 
Our Mc* I 395** 
Buy six w a y s— Cosh, Budget, Layaway, 
BankAmericard, 
Master 
Charge, 
American 
Ex­ press 

BEG IN N ER: 
Learn how to analyze your figure, select patterns and fabrics, read and alter a pattern, fashion fit a dress. 

IN T ER M ED IA T E: 
Learn advanced fitting techniques, expert ways to set-in sleeves, the 'how to* of waistline joinings, linings, buttonholes, collars, cuffs, pockets. 
M A K E A G A R M EN T RIG HT IN C LA SSI 
REG IST ER NOW for daytime or evening classes at 

SALE 
D IA M O N D TIFFANY SO LITARIES 

Skaters learn to cut the ice 

You don't have to fly to Sun 
Valley to learn to ice skate. San 
Antonio has a year around skate school open to all ages and skill levels. 

Whether you are age three or 73, you eau learn to skate for pleasure, Lee 
C arroll Owen, school director and former competitive skater, said. 

Since the skate school opened at the 
Quadrangle Ice Hails last .July, about 
1,ooo persons have gone through it. and 
Kl stu d e n ts have gone on to competitive skating. 

“ F o rm e r northerners living here bring their kids over and start to skate again. Others come because they have never had the opportunity to ice skate.” Owen said. 

There are classes for 3 to 3 year olds, housewives, teens and employed adults of all ages. 

“ Adults tend to think ice skating is dangerous, so we have to overcom e their fear of falling,” Owen said 

He begins by teaching adults how to fall down to avoid injuries. 

It a skater relaxes and bends his knees, he will seldom hurt him self, 
Owen said. 

“ After one practices fallin g down three or four times, he gets the idea.” 

By 
KUNA MCGAFFEY 

Auk) C s 

What is the remedy for ankles that collapse? 
"T h e re is no such thing as weak ankles.” Owen declared. 
"A t first the m uscles in the ankle's get tired, but it is not a weakness.” 
To provide good support, ice skates must fit like a glove. Owen said 
"W e have been taught to get shoes a half-size larger than our feet. I m ea­ sure each person’s feet and put skates on him the exact size of his feet. 
"T h e first couple of weeks the shoe bothers the skater, then he becomes accustomed to it.” 
Those who progress beyond interm e­ diate' d o sse s usually buy custom boots made for their feet. he said. 
I ii teaching. Owen aud his assistant, 
Heidi Drench llahn, use the badge program of the I S 
Figure Skating 
Association. 
Each badge rep resen ts a p e rfo r­ mance test on ice. Skaters com m only sew the badges earned on a skate sweater. 
The basic badge program is divided into eight-week courses for beginning, intermediate and advanced students. 
A skater may repeat any course, with­ out criticism or tim e limit, until he is satisfied with his own performance. 
"T he se three courses teach everyth­ ing one needs to know to enjoy recrea­ tional ice skating.” Owen said. 
The lessons cover lorward and back­ ward skating, some jumps, spins and basic dance steps. 

For more intensive training, skaters pursue the com petitive and dance badge program s. There are prelim in­ ary plus eight tests in the competitive program and 2o dances and six badges in the dance program . 

To complete each program a skater usually practices four to five hours, six days a week during the school year and 
IO hours a day during the sum m er o.er a seven to IO year period. If the pro­ gram s are pursued together, more ice time is required. 

Instruction at the skate school, con ducted on one of the two studio size rinks at the Quadrangle Ice Hails, is limited to the basic badge program. 
Prix ate instruction is available for com petitive skaters. They also are eligible for m em bership in the San 
Antonio Figure Skating Club organized last November. 

On the scale for m easuring physical activity, ska tin g is about 111 tim es better than running. Owen said. 

“ Ii requires total coordination. A l­ most every m uscle is used.” he said. 
Housewives report that ice skating m akes them relax, loosen up. lose pounds and tighten m uscles, Heidi explained 
Owen hopes to start a noon class for businessmen. 
“ Men w orking iii this area could come here and skate for half an hour and feel good the rest of the day.” lie said. 
Although some youngsters begin to skate at age two. they m ostly have a good time at that age, Heidi said. 
“ lf tots fool around on the ice a couple of years, they take off like crazy at age 5 or Ii.” she said. 

Heidi is a ninth test skater from 
Standford, Conn. Since she is in her 
2o s. she still does the difficult m ultiple rotation jumps. 

Owen won 132 m edals in national competition before he gave up skating iii 1935 to attend Purdue University. 
His coach was Eddie Seholdin, killed with his Olym pic team iii a 19H1 B ru s­ sels air crash. 

After a stint in the Navy. Owen en­ tered tin* electronics business aud be­ came a computer expert. Six years ago. he changed careers and returned to ice skating because he enjoys it more than anything he had ever done. 

Before com ing to San Antonio last 
July, he m anaged the Palace Ice Arena in Richardson and served as assistant m anager and “ pro” at the Ice Age in 
Austin. 

His wife. Debby. is a basic skater. 
Their boys. Scott, ll, and Brett, 14, love ne hockey. Their daughter Denise, 13. practices four to ll) hours daily working lier way through the competitive badge program. 

CENTRAL PARK MALL 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
341 4481 
664 6436 
J 

Fourteen karat gold. 
Illustration enlarged. 

A whole wardrobe of pendants in one unique design. 

REG U LAR CHARGE ACCOUNTS. EXTENDED PAYM EN T PLANS. 
Or th* Master Charge, Beek Amar tetra American ixprets. 

Training set far volunteers 

M orninG lory and M a n ­ or M en a u x ilia r y w ill conduct a m id -ye ar o r­ ientation for new volun­ teers beginning at 9:3o a.in. T h u rs d a y in the third floor classroom of 
Powell M em orial B u ild ­ ing at M orningside M an ­ or 
M rs. E th e l K lle v is coordinator of the meet­ ing which will include a description of the care and activities available for residents 
A m o n g the p o p u la r services are the “ W alk and 
R id e ” p ro g ra m where vo lu nteers take patients o u tsid e the iionie. visiting, rcmotiva- tion (discussion groups), sing-a-longs, occupation­ al therapy and working iii the gift shop. 

Scholarship to he jjiven 

Alam o 4 it\ Republican 
W om en's Club will hold a m e m b e rsh ip b ru n ch from 1o 3o a in. lo noon 
Thursday in the home of 
M rs 
Paul Freem ver in 
Helotes. 
M rs 
Anne B e rgm an , president of the T exas 
Federation of Republican 
W om en, w ill lo* guest speaker. 
T he c lu b ’s a n n u a l scholarship gift will be pre se nte d to 
P a m e la 
Ben/aqUCO. daughter nj 
Dr and M rs 
M athew s 
Benzaquen and a senior political science major at 
Trinity University, 

\\ o n . m o d u l i 

 plans dinner 

Trinity 
I diversity 
Women s ( lob will enter­ tain husbands and guests with a dinner and casino party at ii 3o p i i i 
Satur­ day til the M ulti-Purpose 
Room i i i ( • w l i * s i enter on cam pus 
M rs 
B ill K qrltu aud 
M rs C h ris I hrtsteiiseu vi ill In hostesses 

You are invited to our unwon 
FOC 
Trunk 
Show 

Central Park Mall store 
Mon., Feb. 14— 
11 a.m. to 7 p.m. 

Windsor Park M all store 

Tues., Feb. 15— 
11 a.m. to 7 p.m. 

Meet Mr. Bob Mayer, 

New York representative, who will present the london 
Fog 
“Southland” collection of new spring coats. 
Select your favorite color and style from the entire line. 

Includes new selection of half sizes, as well as petites and regulars. 

LADIES’ SHOP 
F R A N K B R O S 

O n A lam o P la ta —— Control Park M a ll 
W in d sor Park M a ll 

. tm 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
7-E 

S K A T E R S of all a g e s b e c o m e 
H a n s B r in k e r s a s t h e y te st th e ir b a la n c e a n d c o o r d in a ­ tio n a t S a n A n t o n io ’s y e a r - ro u n d in d o o r ic e -s k a tin g rink 

LESLIE D A V IS , 5, a n d A n g e la 
P o o l, 4, r e c e iv e e n c o u r a g e ­ m e n t f r o m in s t r u c t o r H e id i 
D r e n c k H a h n a s t h e y c a u ­ t io u s ly m a k e th e ir w a y o n 
‘thin ice ’ 

PHO ID S H* PA! M A M M O N 

 vtUte party to appraise 

I 
» 
’• w mw 

 is two gifts. 

A guard ring protects her diamond solitaire on her finger: first gift. And a guard ring enhances the solitaire s beauty with added excitement: second gift. Two stunning examples in 14 karat yellow gold with diamonds 
— shown with two handsome solitaires in 14 karat yellow gold 
A. Guard, $275. B. Solitaire, $75o 
C Guard, $55o D. Solitaire, $45o 
Something Beautiful for Everyone s M 

Use one of our convenient charge plans or 
Amencan Express • BankAmencard • Master Charge 

Fine Jousters Since 1878 
163 E Houston Street • North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

TREASURE Discovery Night committee members include Mmes. Andrew Olejer, 
George Bristol, chairman, and Neill 
Baldrick Jr., co-chairman. 

Five expert appraisers from the auction house of 
Sotheby 
Parke 
Hemet will give a free verbal appraisal from 7 to 9:3o p.m. of family treasures thr* guests bring. Appro­ priate items will be ac­ cepted for sale on con­ signment with the auc­ tion firm 
Guests who have no desire to part with their fam ily heirlooms, but would like' to know ex­ actly how much they are worth may discover this fact for themselves. 
The' auction firm's ex­ perts include John E. 
Parkerson, vice presi­ dent, with 
Kenneth 
Winslow. Peter Malone and Pamela Maher from the1 Los Angeles g al­ leries. and Claudia Gian- 

N EPALESE jewel-encrusted open dome carriage from the W itte's 
McFarlin Collection will be appraised at Treasure Discovery 
Night 

 gola from the New York galleries. 
Parkerson w ill ap­ praise paintings and sculpture, Winslow will look over fine furniture, rugs, tapestries, clocks, porcelain and glass; and 
Malone’s specialty is 
Oriental art and objects. 
Miss Maher is interest­ ed in silver and small decorative arts, and Miss 
Giangola is an appraiser of pre-Columbian and ethnographic arts. 
A regional expert will also be on hand to ap­ praise Texana arts and crafts. Guests art1 re­ sponsible for the care and security of their own ob­ jects. 
Items specifically ex­ cluded from the appr­ aisals include stamps, coins, jew elry, dolls, weaponry, Roman, Greek and Egyptian antiquity objects, and American indian. 
One free appraisal will be offered with each $15 admission ticket. Appr­ aisals of additional ob­ jects may be made for $5 an item. Those who prefer may return Satur­ day or Sunday during 
Heirloom Discovery Days and have their items ap­ praised at that time. 
The first of the evening contests will be to locate 
Kl specified objects from the Museum’s permanent collections and guess their value. The objects will be appraised by the visiting experts, and the total value w ill be matched against the answer of each guest. 
Answers nearest the 
Sotheby Parke Hemet to­ tal will receive gift certi­ ficates for SKM). $75. $5o and $25 from the Witte’s 
Museum Shop. 
The second contest will be for members of the 
Museum Association at­ tending the party, as well as for new members who join that night. Coupons will be given to each, and tin* winning name will be drawn. 

M RS. C H ARLES K N IG H T introduces Teri Tillman and 
Janet Brown to sorority life. She is chairman of the 
Panhellenic Forum. 
PHOTO BV RON JO N IS 
Sorority forum 

The San Antonio Panhel­ lenic Association will hold its annual forum for rush and sorority education at 2 p.m. 
Sunday in the Chapman Gra­ duate Center at Trinity Uni­ versity. 

Graduating high school seniors and college transfers who plan to attend a college with National Panhellenic sororities on campus are in- 
\ited, along with parents. 

Each girl should bring a wa I let-size photograph of herself, her college board score, class rank and grade- point average. 

Mrs. Charles Knight is chairman of the forum. 

Active collegiate members from various affiliated soror­ ities will disc uss sorority life, and a panel will present an orientation. 

Learn to 
Super Sew. 

After 8 easy, inexpensive lessons you will have made at least: 
One T-shirt 
One pair of perfect-fit pants 
Three fashion tops 
One skirt 
One sweater 
One suit jacket 
One swimsuit 

Using Ann Arson's unique sewing methods, you sew in a fraction of the time of ordinary sewing You'll learn to fit and to design. 
And its so simple. The classes are fun like a special club meeting. You learn But you love it 

You can make it. We will show you how. 
Stretch & Sew 
Americas Fabric and Sewing Center 

8— 2 HR. CLASSES FOR ONLY *2o 

CALL or COME IN N O W BECAUSE CLASSES FILL FAST 

B « l i ( 8 
February 
W ed. 
Feb. 16 
12 2 P M. 
Fri. 
Feb. 18 
IO-Noon 
M«r«h 
Tue. 
March I 
9 11 am. 
W ed. 
Mar. 2 
7-9 p m. 
Monday & Thursday Quickie 
Mar. 7 
9-11 am. 
Tue. 
Mar. 8 
7-9 p.m. 
Sat. 
Mar. I 2 
1o*12 noon 
Tue. 
Mar. 15 
12-2 p.m. 
W ed. 
Mar. 16 
9 11 a rn. 
Mon. 
Mar, 21 
7-9 p m, 
Thu. 
Mar. 31 
7 9 p m. 
735- 5278 
3929 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 

S p e c i a l t y 

Children’s W e a r 

Thurv, February 17-7-9 p.m. 

Sportswear 

Friday, Feb. 25 
1o*12 noon 

Basic 8 Variations 

March 24 
9-11 a m. 

HOURS 

M O N - THURS. 9 A M .-9 P M , 

FRI. A SAT. 9 : 3 o A M 
J P M. 

HAPPENINGS 
MORE 

A A U W sets Book Fair 

The 
San 
Antonin research cm tilt* disserta- 
Branch cif the American lion and post-doctoral le- 
Vssoeiatinn cif University vel 
Women will hold its an- 
Bargain-priced books mud Honk Fair Thursday arc' available in several through Saturday in Cen- categories including no- 
Park Mall. vets, children’s books and cookbooks. Specialty subjects include religious meditation, sociology and political scienc e. 
A new cookbook . ‘‘It's 

Miss M ary Frances 
Sweeney is chairman of 
Uh Bonk Fair committee which is collecting new and ascii books. National 
< ieographic .Magazines arui phonograph records. 
Hooks donated to the* sale will be picked up. 
The* chairmen and their areas arc* Mrs. Joe Tar- pley, north of Loop 41(1, 
M r s . Joe Hazel. North­ west, Miss Roberta Fro­ se rn us, 
South; 
Mrs 
Adolph L. stein. Alamo 
Heights, Miss Eunice 

More Than a Cook he ink— 
Menus and Recipes.” al­ so will he1 sold at the* fair. 
The book was written by two San Antonians— 
AAI VV member Irene P. 
Huenefeld and Ruth K. 
Pace. 
Contributions arc* de­ ductible for Income Tax purposes to the exte nt al­ low eel by law. 

Buffet honors 
Allens 

Mr. and Mrs II D. Al­ len celebrated their 5oth wedding anniversary Sa­ turday with a buffet and reception. They were married Feb. 12, 1927 in 
Houston. 
Children of the couple are Alfred Allen, Lester 
Allen and Mrs. A.C. dc' la 
Pena. 
The Aliens have five grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. 
MIC. A M ) MKS. II I). ALLEN 

Amigos' to be topic 

 of video program 

The Military-Civilian 
Club will meet at 12:15 p.rn. Monday in the St. 
Anthony Hotel. 
Mrs. Claude Nabers 
Fuller, north of down- civilian president, will lie tow ii; and Miss Lolly chairman. 
Borgfeld. Universal City and Randolph Field. 
The sale benefits the 
Kducattonal Foundation 
Programs of AAUW, with awards of $3,5oo to $o,ooo going to women complet­ ing the1 last Near of pro- 
Also seated at tile head fessumul school i i i law. table will be Milles, medicine, architecture, Charles 
C, 
Pixley, environmental design. Charles H Hamm. Ro- business and engineering be*rf F. Pruitt. Myron G. as well as to women doing Smith, Phillip Milburn, 

Receiving guests with her will I m * Mines. George 
Wallace. Edward II Vo- gel Jr., Paul VV. Meyers, 
Jam es VV. Laurie anc! 
Vuchel VV Lackey. 

Wallace Carnahan and 
Mr. and Mrs john K 
Shaw. 
Shaw will present a program on “ Amigos de las Americas,’’ showing slides of Central and 
South America. 
The Club will hold its annual board dinner at 7 p.m. Thursday in San 
Antonio Country Club. 
Greeting guests will be 
Dr. and Mrs. Claude L. 
Nabers. Mal 
Gen. and 
Mrs. George Wallace, LL 
Gen, and Mrs. Allen M. 
Burdett Jr. and Le (leu. and Mrs John VV. Ro* 
I certs. 

 y o u r c a n d y a n d f lo u t e r s in OL 1BAG f r o m 
J 

N A M E 
D R O N E R S 
^ 
° 
Sp«£.»«i yiPU Cor special pacTfAe V 

& 
P r e s e n t a S 
J 
^princj C ollection Olr de*iyner~ 

 h a n d b a g s , ^ C a r v e s , b o lt's a n d j e u o e l r u 

Com pli m ortary G ift W) 

T u v 
9 
*’» 
X 
* - 

 p . 
X 
§ 
I 
( J * P in a l C le a ra n c e - 5 o 9 o a f f Cointer M erdaandiie, 

•o&D25 
» 
•[ K *T *A < 
NAME DD! 

A C C E S S O R IE S lf" K * TAA ORD IM AIQ* 

T IS P A R T R ID G E att T O N L V n \A U X B S *U L R 
JA o N - 6 A T IO - A 
3 A A - - o * m 

FINAL REDUCTION 
SHM MU aUlSMNftlNti 
SAVINGS 

6 o % 
OFF 

 erie 

Central Park Moll, Ph. 341-BOO I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— -Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

 treasures 

Treasure Discovery Night in the Witte 
Museum at 7 p.m. Friday will combine an appraisal of an object brought by each guest with a buffet dinner and two unique contests. 

 ll 

^ 
I iBwP* .JBm 
M E LISSA CARTER m a k e s other W in d cre st first 

C IN D Y C O U N C IL w an ts a perfect heart 

C arp et 

 b y T ed O 'k r e n t 

Youngsters Have Needs; Oldsters Have Needs 
W hy does each of us act as we do? Our youngsters passionately protest and clearly classify their complaints. They see everything as black or white. The black is today with all of its ugly demands of discipline, of traditional faith and thankfulness. The white is tomorrow with all of their personal needs fulfilled. When we sit in session with them and make our plea for reform, they don a con­ venient “hearing-aid” that registers but res­ ponds with muted vagueness. 
We oldsters, on the other hand, set ourselves up as their judge and jury, quickly become despondent about our youth and readily lose faith in the future. We impatiently look for an early happy ending for our every effort and ap­ peal. We seem to forget that we, their elders, are far from perfect. Man must know that he too is neither devil nor angel, merely a blend of each. We must patiently learn to see with their eyes, live with their heartbeat and then con­ scientiously combine our thinking. Let us con­ quer our ego, and admit that there is a reprobate in every ark, a flaw in every dia­ mond and a weed in every garden. 
Every Human Has Three Needs 
Success is found in six simple words: “Find a need and fill it.” Both youngsters and oldsters have three basic needs that motivate them . . . the need for identity, for stimulation, for security. 
Dr. Manslow has wisely said: “As the lack of a needed vitamin will spread disorder through the body, so will the basic starvation of a psychological need spread disorder through mind and emotion.” 
Identity is m ans most powerful need. 
Several years ago, I asked a bored old bachelor millionaire why he worked seven days a week, was interested only in his in­ dustry’s periodicals and never traveled . . . what was his motivating force? He thought for a moment, smiled and answered in one word: 
Pride.” Now he owned two of man s basic needs; identity and security, but lacked the third . . . stimulation. His wealth brought him identity but the smugness of his security became the birthplace of boredom. The effect of unbroken and uninterrupted worldliness had so destroyed his mind that his life became monotonous. 
Boredom Breakers 
There are three ways to break the monotony of life. (I) ... A man is no seven day calculating machine. He should, at least one day each week, take his hands out of his pockets and fold them in prayer. (2) ... Create a new and in­ spiring venture that brings about a break in routine. Though this may become a gamble and even create a crisis, it furnishes a much needed vitamin . . . stimulation. (3) ... The third way to overcome boredom is found in self-denial, in the killing of the ego. Discover a higher love, find and fill another's need compassionately. 
The death of your self-seeking low priorities will automatically create a higher love that furnishes m ans third need; the stimulant that could be our bachelor's additive for a healthy and wholesome life. 
To you youngsters and to us oldsters, let s now take our own inventory; Identity, Stimulant, 
Security. Find your missing need and fill it. 
Two Types of Carpet Mechanics, The Butcher ami the Tailor 
Just as deep concern grips every carpet shopper . , . concern about color, quality and cost; so should her deepest worry be about the quality of workmanship that tailors her broadloom in place. There are two types of men installing carpets today; the butcher and the tailor. 
Having been in this carpet industry for over 
5o years. I know now, more than ever before, that today's carpet construction demands a vast variety of specialized equipment and dedicated study so that long-lasting strength may be added to each carpet yard installed. I know too that there is a specialized and particular way to lay carpet in certain kinds of rooms sub­ jected to different kinds of use and even abuse, 
I Not all carpet mechanics have the ex­ perience, the patience, the tools or even the desire to approach perfection in their work. Not dll carpet buyers are careful enough to de­ mand a 5 year certified, written and registered workmanship warranty. 
Madam carpet buyer, for goodness sake, don't trust to luck. 
Next* Week 
We will discuss: “Buies for recognizing a practical carpet”. Until then, think this over: 
Ifs easy to find your station in life — sooner or later someone will tell vou where to aet off.*' 
-------------------- Inquire About----------------*------ 
• Important booklet un 
• I’Iumh . * rile, or X UU 
I 
"Carp*! Care’* 
Ted 4l*lir**l 
• O ’krrnt Speaker’* Bureau a .’UMI San Pedro • 427-7.1# 7^ 

 through children’s eyes 

Continued from Page i-E 

 parent who is an art major. 
(R em em b e r 9:3o p.m . V ale n tin e’s 
Eve when J u n io r su d d en ly r e m e m ­ bered a box was needed — a decorated w in n in g box, p le a se . Any id e a s. 
Mom?) 
Now’ th e c h ild r e n d e c o ra te c o n ­ tainers in class — all alike: 
U n sig n ed v a le n tin e s a re u su ally special. 
I still have a crumpled one complete with a big question m ark. It cost at least a dollar and was a frilly, beauti­ ful trolley car with accordion pleated crepe paper and a “ m ushy” verse. 

Flowers 

Flowers are another way of saying “ I love you.” Florists find it busier than alnipst any holiday. 
“ Since a red rose m e an s love.” 
Manny Luna of the Rose Shop says, 
“ they are still the favorite with pinks and yellows next. 
“ I always suggest a personalized message. Women appreciate a card reading ‘To the greatest love of my life, alw ays’ instead of ‘F ro m your hus­ band. Ja c k .’” 
Rumors have been flying that roses would be sky-high due to the fuel crisis and severe cold weather. W K . Cordts of Kelly-Scherrer says, “ Our roses were ordered long ago and prices will lie the same as last year, $25 a dozen. 
“ To help make the path of true love run smooth we’ll even stay open Sun­ day to see that all Valentine posies 

 reach their destination on time. 
National plant fever has inspired some to give pot plants. 
; 
Spring bouquets with red tulips or hyacinths are also sent to lucky lovers. 

Candy 

For the valentine with a sweet tooth,* there s always candy. A local candy w h o le s a le r d ro p p e d h e a rt-s h a p e d boxes from his line this year due to cost. Others are still turning them out. 

Heart shaped candy boxes in all* colors, sizes and prices arc available. 
King’s and Russell Stover begin w ith a five and a half ounce heart for $1.45 and 
King s has a huge five pound ruffled red heart box for $33. Chocolate ca­ lories are still popular. 
Youngsters still lik.* pastel message hearts and heart shaped lollipops. 

Generous sweethearts give gifts, but not always on a large scale. 

Jewelry, perfume, decorative gifts and stuffed anim als will please her, and comic T-shirts, briefs and towel wraps are available for him. 
Our first Valentine’s Day after m a r­ riag e , I w as th rille d to rec eiv e a heart-shaped box of chocolates I over­ heard a woman shopping say she had received a red Buick. I thought, “ How unsentim ental!” 
Card styles change, candy may be in a plain box with a strip of plastic hearts, and roses may give way to devil’s ivy — but there’s no doubt — love still m akes the world go round. 
Happy Valentine’s Day. Honey! 

/iron m ig I- > /» in S a u n a s * 

2819 N W LOOP 4 1o at Vance Jackson 
Open M o n .-Fro IO a rn,-9 p rn. 
Phone 341-81o8 
Sat, 1o a.m. 6 p rn. 

Hearts ’n flowers 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 
Page. ’ 9-Ei 
■" ''‘MW I* W W t a W ta ta W M ta ta *— — 
— 
— MU in ■lim*— iii ■m . i.. ■ 
— — 
■ . —n 
!■ iii — 
> 
I m screeching to be 
Valentine 

Valentine’s Day is a day for children. 
M aking v a le n tin e s catches the im agination of youngsters, especially if they can add a chuckle to the verse. 
Fifth graders in Dec 
Dee 
K u s h ’s cla ss at 
W in d crest E le m e n ta ry went to the zoo for in­ spiration for their cards. 
R u in e d c re p e p a p e r outlined flying, running, cre e p in g and c ra w lin g animals and the students ca m e up w ith cle v e r verses to fit the creatures of their choice. 
W itty 
Y o u n g 's dog says, “ I’m barking to be your V a le n tin e ,” an d 
Steve P a rk e r’s butterfly says. “ My heart flutters for you.” 
Shaw n F i t z p a t r i c k ’s bird says, “ I ’ll flap m> wings off to be your Va lentine,” and Veronica I 
(some students used first nam es only) drew a g ir­ affe w h ich s a y s , “ F d stretch this far to be your 
Valentine.” 
Elephant 

 your 

 make cards for Mom and 
Dad. 
Valentine s Day 

W hat is V a le n tin e 's 
Day? 
Kollin K ostboth says 
“ It’s a day to give valen­ tin e s an d 
‘s t u f f ’ to f r i e n d s ” and 
A rth u r 
Butcher says “ It’s when you tell people how much you like ‘em .” 
Don Hartshorn pointed out that it was named in honor of St. Valentine. 
K aren W in d ele r a d d s, 
“ I t ’s a day for school parties and fun.” 
Lisa Jewell says it’s a day to give valentines and 

 she m akes special ones for special friends. Carey 
Hobson says “ It’s a day you stop to think about all the people you love.” 
E ven school a s s i g n ­ m ents pick up a heart- sh a p ed th e m e . T h ese fifth graders had to write a paper on “ My Life As a 
Valentine." 
On the wings of their im agination V alentines cam e to life to tell tall tales of love. 
Snoopy posters around the school p ro c la im e d 
“ E v e ry lover needs a levee" and “ Sensational kisses - $1.oo. The kisser is in." 
‘W h o o o , m e ? 1 

A ladybug, drawn by 
K ollin K o stb o th , say s 
“ I’m crawling over to be your V a le n tin e ,” and 
Barbie Boone’s elephant sa y s, “ D o n ’t forget I want to be your V alen­ tine.” 
Bernie Rosenberg drew a turtle and he says, “ I might be slow, but I want to be your Valentine” and a wise old owl says, “ I’m s c re e c h in g to be your 
Valentine.” 
E le m e n ta ry stu d e n ts look forward to the big day, Valentine's Day, on 
Monday. Room m others will b rin g in h e a rt- shaped pink iced cookies, red and w h ite fro sted c u p c a k e s w ith d e c o r a ­ tions and something good to drink. 
Special 

(lam es and music will fill the last school hour. 
Best of all each child w ill carry home a stack of v a le n tin e s fro m c l a s s ­ mates. 
And th e re m ay be sp e c ia l u n sig n e d one from that special boy or girl! 
Rooms will be decor ated with crepe paper strea m e rs and big red hearts and frilly valen tines. 
E xcitem ent begins w eek ah e a d as busy hands and happy hearts decorate their rooms and 

YOU HAVE JUST THREE DAYS 

TO PICK UP ON 

OUR DELIGHT WIG AT A SPECIAL 15.9o. 

USUALLY 25.oo, IN NATURAL, 

GREY AND FROSTED SHADES OF DYNEL® 

MODACRYLIC. BY MARCHE. 

WIG BOUTIQUE, DOWNTOWN 

AND NORTH STAR MALL. 
FROST BROS. 

M h a n 
A l l e n 
Winter Sale 

Save lo 2o% on an exciting selection o f fam ous Ethan Allen furnishings! 
Memorable dinners begin wilt) a beautiful dining room That s why we have i hosen nome ut our most popular (lining room pin es for our Winier Sale. Selei I the look i i i (lining rooms that is right for yon 
Country Ament an, to fine Queen Anne styles Rusti( Royal ( Charter or the practicality of our mellow 
I leirloom collection. 
Every Ethan Allen design is ( rafted of the finest solid woods and selected veneers, to turn your dining room into a room that f reflects you and a leeliiig that sass . . , “welt onie tit my home '* 

CTome on over to 

...A TOY STORE WHERE 
YOU CAN TOUCH! CHILDREN 
A RE IN V IT ED TO SEE ANO 
TOUCH TOYS FROM NEAR 
ANO FARI SEE OUR SPECIAL 
CO LLECT\OH% FOR SPRING 

 m o o M cC u l l o u g h t h e y a r o 

K R IST A W EBER finds V a le n tin a s seriou s business 

PH O tO S BY BON JONES 

 distinctive, feminine on-the-job components by Bronson of California 

Work in the morning, a business meeting after lunch, afternoon classes, a dinner date ... your career oriented life demands discerning style, reflecting your goals, with just the right touch of femininity Bronson’s soft spring blue and vanilla coordinates were designed especially for you in easy care polyester, so they’re ready when you are! Available in junior sizes 3 to 13. Blazer... $38. V est. 
$22. 
S kirt... $22. Gaucho .., $22. Pants ... $22*24. Coordinating blouses ... $18. 

Junior Sportswear 

SHOP MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 
Dillards 

FROM 1o A.M. ’TIL 9 P M 

< *'<J. 

R E F L E C T IO N S 1 9 7 7 ' will feature M rs. Paul E. M c Sw e en , Richard H alter, 
Edward Am es, 6, and Julie M cSw een , 6, in a San Pedro Park scene of I 877. 

RHOfO BV TARRY TARMIES 
Reflecting on a summer day 

(iazeb n s. g i n g h a m tablecloths and a gourmet d i n n e r will fig u re p r o ­ minently iii the San An­ tonio .lunior L e ag u e s 
“ Reflections HITT'* to be held at 7 p.m. March 2 in 
Villita A sse m b ly B u ild ­ ing. 
T he ex cut will be re- iwated in the sam e locale 
March J. 
“ A Day iii the P a r k ” is the th e m e of the two parties, which will feature a m u sic a l show w ritten about San Antonio parks from inn veals ago to the present 
Linda 
(M rs . 
P a u l) 
McSween researched the p a r k s and w ro te eight different scenes based on local history hay Cole­ m an is the d ire c to r and choreographer. 
The show w ill open witll 
San P ed ro P a r k iii I STT when tin* s p r i n g s w ere r u n n in g and fo rm in g 

 lakes. Townspeople used to ride out in buggies for picnics and boat rides, and dan cin g u n d er the s ta rs on a pax Ilion. 
‘Maverick Park in ISH?, a n o th e r scen e, was o r i ­ ginally given by Sam Ma­ verick for the first rail­ road depot. An old train engine is now displayed iii the park that is what s left of tin* original depot. 
Roosevelt 
P a r k was named Riverside Park in 
1898. but was renamed to honor Teddy Roosevelt, who tr a i n e d his Rough 
Riders in that area before 
(hex went to Cuba. 

Iii the s a m e y e a r the 
( hilt Q ueens sold their fare on Alamo and Mili­ tary Plazas, as well as other locations. San An­ tonio became widely ren­ ow nod for chili, wliich or­ iginated here. 

T h e p a rk known as 
Bones Island in 1917 is now the site of the Tower 
Life Building. Originally. this p e n in s u la w as tin* setting for carnivals aud lairs, but it was eliminat­ ed in 1921 when the beild rn the river was straight­ ened for flood control. 
B r a c k e n r i d g e 
The scene laid iii the 
192os shows the Keystone 
Lops running the short- skirted flappers out of the park. Brackenridge Park with its zoo is shown some y e a r s la te r with so m e children portraying them- selves and o th e r s , a n i ­ mals. 

San Antonio River Walk is set in the present time and features the Augusta 
Street Singers iii a m ed ­ ley. The show s cast of 
.lunior League m em bers and th e i r f a m ilie s in ­ cludes 48 adults aud 27 children 
Mrs. M cSw een got a 

 large part of the historical background from excerpts from the San Antonio e x ­ press reprinted iii a bouk bx Donald Kverett named 
“ San Antonio, the Flavor of Its Past IH4VI HHK.” 
'Pile book was printed at 
Trinity t niversity as an official Bicentennial pro­ tect. 
I Lim ing 

In addition to the buffet dinner by Don Strange. 
“ Reflections*' will wind up witll dancing to music by Larry Herman. Fresh flowers and hanging bas­ kets will add to the park a tm o s p h e r e a long with real trees for a woodsy feeling. 
Mrs. McSween and Mrs. 
Milton J o h n s o n a r e c o ­ c h a ir m e n of the f u n d ­ raisin g e v en t, with the money ra is e d to be r e ­ turned to the community through service projects. 
Attendance is by in\ n a ­ tion. 
T he J u n i o r L e a g u e ’s p u rp o se is e d u c a tio n a l and charitable. Its objec­ tive is to develop tin* po­ tential of its m em bers for voluntary participation iii community affairs and to demonstrate the effective­ ness of tin* trained volun­ teer. 
D u rin g tin* past 
31 years, m em b e rs have gi­ ven over 873.IMM) hours iii the fields of health, edu­ cation. welfare and the arts. All a d m in is tra tiv e costs of Hu* Junior League are paid th ro u g h m e m ­ bership dues. 

EXPRESS NEWS 
C n p iip vt 

Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 

"Framing" accents our newest knit dress designs by Butte Knit 

Contrasting bands of color delineate the silhouettes ol these beautiful knit dresses to emphasize and flatter your figure Minimum care polyester doubleknit fabrics save you time and keep you looking fresh and wrinkle-free all day. The toggle buttoned style, above left, has long cuffed sleeves, a tie belt and a detachable turtleneck dickey. In cream with brown framing, sizes 8-16, 54.oo. The bolero-topped dress, above right, has a three piece look with a striped turtleneck bodice and gently flared skirt. In rich beige with navy stripes and framing, sizes 6-14, 76.oo Charge yours in Plaza Dresses, 
Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park and Austin Highland Mall. 

 rn A UNIT or ALUKO STORKS 

SHOP ALL STORES IO TIL 9 MONDAY! 

4 + 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 engagements + ♦ + engagements + + + engagem 

Debra L. Rihn 
Richard Dugie to marry in 

Catholic rites 

Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Rihn announce the engagem ent of their d aughter, 
Debra Lynn, to Ric hard David Dugie of 
Karnes City. He is the son of Mr. and 
Mrs. Jacob Dugie of Karnes City. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of St. 
Gerard s High School where she was a m em ber of the pep squad. High Kick 
Team and National Honor Society. 

Her fiance graduated from Karnes 
City High School. 

June wedding planned by 
Cynthia Lynn, 
R.K. Drescher 

Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Lynn announce the en g a g em en t of th e ir d au g h ter, 
C y n th ia 
A nn, to 
R a n d a ll 
K eith 
Drescher, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ronald 
C. Drescher of Stroudsburg, Pa. . 

The bride-elect graduated from Ro­ bert E. Lee High School and attended 
San Antonio College. She is majoring in nursing at the University of Texas at El 
Paso. 

H er fian c e is a g r a d u a te of 
Stroudsburg High School in Pennsyl­ vania. He received a B B.A. degree in m arketing and m anagem ent from the 
University of Texas at El Paso. 

 engagements + + + engagements + + + engagement 

Miss Vidaurri, 
Mr. Sierra to be married in March vows 

Mr. and Mrs. Ignacio Vidaurri Sr. announce the en g a g em en t of th eir d a u g h ter, Connie, to A lejandro C. 
Sierra, son of Mr. and Mrs. Willie S. 
Sierra. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of Fox 
Tech High School where she was a m em ber of the National Honor Society. 
She attended San Antonio College. 

Her fiance graduated from Sidney 
Lanier High School and attended San 
Antonio College. 

An April 23 wedding is planned in St. 
Margaret Mary's Catholic Church. 
RICHARD D. DUGIE 
DEBRA L. RIHN 
A June 17 wedding is planned in St. 
Gregory the Great Catholic Church. . 
RANDALL K. DRESCHER 
CYNTHIA A. LYNN 
The couple plans a March 26 wedding in St. Philip of Jesus Catholic Church. 
CONNIE VIDAURRI 
ALEJANDRO C. SIERRA 

 engagem ents + + + more engagements + + + mo 

 mn si: o1 
QU ALITY YI KATS 
7o49 SAN PEDRO • 344 4571 

 d eco ratin g course a v a ila b le now 

YOU CAN DO IT YOURSELF! 

Learn how to put a room together like a 

 professional . . . how to decorate for your fam ily s style of living . . . how to get the most for your decorating dollar 

. . . how to use things you alread y have 
. , , how to "re do and 
"m a ke-d o 
. . . how to mix furniture styles . . . how to select the right colors . , . how to choose fabrics you can live with , , . how to avoid making expensive d eco rat­ ing mistakes. . . 

YOU’LL CCT PERSONAL ATTENTION 

Your instructors will be Karotkm s ex ­ 

 pert 
D e c o ra to r-Designers. 
They will help with your individual decorating pro­ blems, and they ll take you on a color closed circuit 
TV tour of over 
4 o o beautiful " id e a " rooms. 

CLASSES START FEBRUARY 22 

And they ll be held right in our 9 8 o 3 
Broadway store. 
You ll attend one 
2 hour class a week for six weeks. The 

 enrollm ent fee is $ 4 o , which includes your 
Decorator's 
Packet student w orkbook. Four ways to pay ... check, cash, 
M astercharge* and 
Bank- 
Am encard *. 
C H O O S I THI CLASS 

THAT S C O N V E N IE N T POR Y O U 

/u i* * j« v « III 9 ;.'ill J I/ or 7:.'ill /*»/ 

 ll t-t h 11‘mil ti > m I I I 9 .- I I I 
I XI f i n /»%/ o r 7: I O I MI 
Thttrmhn* ai V;.l(l I ti 

CALL J A N B R O O K S 

S O O N TO ENROLL 

8 2 4 - 9 4 o ? 

UH anytime during legulai stale hauls 

 arotkins w a k e * # ,« < v h u u t t a l i n t * n u n I lk * h u m * 

9 8 o 3 B ro a d w a y 

Phone Jan Brookie 824*94o2 

T y son-H o llin g s w o rth 

Dr and Mrs. William 
S m ellier Tyson J r . of 
New B oston, T ex ., a n ­ nounce the engagem ent of their daughter. Gayle 
L an ie r T yso n , to Dr. 
C h a rle s E d w a rd H ol­ lingsworth. II of Keester 
AFB, Miss. He is the son of Dr. and Mrs. Charles 
E. Hollingsworth. 
T he b rid e -e le c t is a graduate of New Boston 
High School. She re- ceived a B S. degree in nursing from the Univer­ sity of T exas School of 
Nursing in San Antonio. 
Her fiance g rad u a ted from M a c A rth u r High 
School and Rice Univer­ sity with a B A. degree. 
He received his doctor of m e d icin e d e g re e from the University of Texas 
Health Science Center in 
San Antonio. He is c u r­ rently serving his surgi­ cal internship at Keester 
A FB , M iss 
He b eg in s residency at Wilford Hall in June. 
T he couple p la n s an 
A pril w ed d in g in the 
T app M em orial Ignited 
Methodist Church in New 
Boston 

Solis-Valdez 

WANT TO SAVE 
MONEY ON YOUR MEAT 
BILLS? THEN SEE OHR FULL 
COLOR ME AT AD IN 
TODAY S COLOR COMICS! 

Feldmann-Vaughn 

Dr. and Mrs. Earl Edwin Feldmann announce the engagem ent of their daughter, Ja n e F ran ces, to 
Terry Brooke Vaughn, son of Mr, and Mrs. Thomas 
VV Vaughn of El Paso. 
The bride-elect graduated from Thomas Jefferson 
H igh School and a tte n d e d T ex a s C h ris tia n 
University. 
Her fiance is a graduate of the University of Texas at El Paso. 
An April IO wedding is planned in Western Hills 
Christian Church. 

 learn to be your own interior decorator 

 lim ite d e n ro llm e n t in K a ro tk in ’s 

Hendrix-Sheppard 

M r. and M rs. Lloyd D. H e n d rix of M arion announce the engagem ent of their daughter. Valerie 
L Hendrix, to Guy A. Sheppard of College Station. 
Ut* is the son of Mr. and Mrs. IL A. Sheppard Jr. of 
Abilene. 
The bride-elect, of Marion, is a graduate of Sa­ muel Clemens High School. She received a B S degree in animal science from Texas A&M Univer­ sity. 
Her fiance graduated from Cooper High School in 
Abilene and is attending the School of Veterinary 
Medicine at Texas A&M University. 
An April 16 w edding is planned in A ldersgate 
United Methodist Church. 

Bliss-Steidle 
Mr. and Mrs. Donald A. Bliss announce the en­ gagement of their daughter, Sandra Reedy Bliss, to 
John Randall Steidle of Schuylkill Haven, Pa. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. John IL Steidle of Schuylkill 
Haven. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Thom as Edison 
High School. She attended San Antonio College. lier fiance graduated from Schuylkill Haven High 
School and attended York College of Pennsylvania. 
A June 4 wedding is planned in Concordia Luth­ eran Church. 

Mr and Mrs Richard S. Solis Jr. announce the engagement of their daughter, Yolanda T Solis, to 
Joe ll V aldez Jr.. son id Mr. and Mrs. Joe ll Val­ dez 
The bride-elect is a graduate of John Jay High 
School Her fiance graduated from Holy Cross High 
School. 
A March wedding is planned in St. Vincent DePaul 
Catholic Church 

Bradbury-Harvey 
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph E. Bradbury announce the engagement of their daughter, Cornelia Ann, to Dr. 
Robert E. Harvey, son of Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Harvey of Austin. 
The bride-elect is a g ra d u a te of the School of 
Nursing at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston. She received a B S. degree in nursing. 
Her fiance received a B S. degree in chem istry from the University of Missouri at Columbia and is an honor graduate of Baylor College of Medicine. He is a captain in the U.S. Air Force. 
An April 15 wedding is planned in the Medina Base 
Chapel. 

Eilenberg-Nadwornik 
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Eilenberg of Cedar Grove, 
N J. announce the engagem ent of their daughter, 
Mvra Rhona, to John Arthur Nadwornik, son of Mr. and Mrs. Bans A. Nadwornik. 
The bride-elect, formerly of Cedar Grove, attend­ ed Bloomfield High School in New Jersey and In­ carnate Word College. 
Her fiance graduated from Douglas M acArthur 
High School. He attended George Mason College of the University of Virginia, Trinity University, and the U. S. Army Medical Field Service School. 
The couple plans a wedding in St. David's Epis­ copal Church. 

Wiatrowski-Fredenburgh 
Lt. Col. (re t.) and Mrs. II. F. W iatrow ski a n ­ nounce the engagem ent of their d aughter, Ja n et 
Ann, to Lt. Mark Fredenburgh of Columbus, Miss. 
He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Edwin J. Fredenburgh of Grafton, N.H. 
The bride-elect received a B S. degree in nursing from the U niversity of T exas System School of 
Nursing. 
Her fiance graduated from Norwich University in 
N o rth field , Vt. with a B A. d e g re e in political science. 
The couple plans an April 16 wedding in the main chapel of Randolph AFB. 

Medford-Appling 
The Rev. and Mrs Bruce Medford announce the engagement of their daughter, Christine, to Drew F. 
Appling, son of Mr. and Mrs. E. Bruce Appling of 
Houston. 
The bride-elect attended Stephen F. Austin Uni­ versity where she was a m em ber of Alpha Chi and 
Alpha ( hi Omega. She is a candidate for August graduation from the University of Texas Medical 
School in Galveston where she will receive a degree in physical therapy. She is on the D ean’s List. 
Her fiance received a bachelor of science degree and a m aster’s degree in business from Stephen F. 
Austin I niversity. He is attending the University of 
Houston Optometry School. 
An August wedding is planned in Highland T er­ race Methodist Church. 

Merla-Menchaca 
Mr. and Mrs Carlos R. Merla announce the en­ gagem ent of their daughter, lone Grace, to Eloy 
Menchaca, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ildifonso Manchaca. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Thomas Edison 
High School. 
Her fiance graduated from Fox Tech High School and served in the U.S. Army. He is a m em ber of the 
National Guard. 
A July 2 wedding is planned in St. John’s Catholic 
Church. 

RANDALL B. LAKE 
KATHLEEN COOPER 
Cooper-Lake engagement is announced 

Mr. and Mrs. Taliaferro Cooper an­ n ounce the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter, Kathleen, to Randall Brent 
Lake of Laurel. Md. He is the son of the late Mr. and Mrs. William Brent Lake of Rockville, Md. 
The bride-elect u- a graduate of Ala­ mo Heights High School and is a can­ d id a te for M ay g ra d u a tio n from 
Middlebury College, 
Her fiance graduated from Rockville 
High School in Maryland and received his bachelor of arts degree in history and political science from Middlebury 
College. 
An April wedding is planned. 

PEGGY DEWINNE 
ROBERT A. BLAKLEY 
Peggy DeWinne, 
Robert Blakley set March vows 

Mr. and M rs. E rnie DeW'inne a n ­ nounce th e e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter, Peggy DeWinne, to Robert 
Allen Blakley, son of Mrs. Roberta 
Blakley Stewart and Herb Blakley. 

The bride-elect is a graduate of John 
Marshall High School w here she was a m em ber of the R am blerette Dance 
Team. 

 g rad u a ted from John 
School and is serving in 
Orlando, Fla. 

Her fiance g 
Marshall High S the U.S. Navy at 

A March wedding is planned at the home bf the bride’s parents. 

Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. 
P e te rso n an n o u n c e the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir daughter. K athryn Ann. to Charles Kenneth Volz, son of M r. and M rs. 
Frank Volz. 
T he b rid e -e le c t is a 

Peterson-Volz 

 g ra d u a te of M acA rthur 
High School and is a t ­ tending the University of 
Houston majoring in die­ tetics. 
Her fiance g rad u a ted from M a c A rth u r High 
School. He is a candidate 

 for May graduation from 
Rice University where he will receive a degree in civil engineering. 
The couple p la n s a 
Ju n e ll w edding in St. 
M atthew’s United Meth­ o d ist Church.. 

ANTIQUE SALE 

Discounts up to 3o% on Cash Sales o f a special group of Furniture and Accessories. Must make room for new shipment. For J days only! Thursday, Feb. 1oth to Mon­ day, Feb. I Uh. 

Ainu V limn lo-. 
733.9297 
Open 1o-5 Oilily 

W edding and engagement forms available in the 
W om en's Department 

They’re engaged 

San Antonio EXPRESS N E W S — 
Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
R. Jet Fellows, 
Nancy Talerieo are wed in 
Friday nuptials 

M iss Nancy Rose Talerieo and R. Jet 
F ellow s w ere m arried F rid a y at the home of the b rid e’s grandm other. Mrs. 
E m il Greco. The Rev. Henry Talbott officiated. 

The bride is the daughter of Mrs. 
N ancy G. Talerieo and P ete Talerieo. 
She w as g iv e n in m a r r ia g e by her uncle. Sam Morello. The groom is the son of Mrs. F ay F ello w s of Com fort and 
F re d Fellow s of Boerne. 

M atron of honor w as M rs. G e r ri 
Nazer. sister of the bride. Best man w a s B illy F e llo w s , b r o t h e r of the groom. 

A reception was held at the W indrush 
Apartm ents. 

Great 
Valentine 

MRS. R. JET FELLOWS 

Lutheran rites unite 

St. Johns Saturday 

M iss J u d i- P a t F e i g e l 
B r id e s m a id s w e r e M rs. and M a r k R a n d a ll St. 
W illia m S t. J o h n J r . , 
Joh n e x c h a n g e d m a r - 
M a ry J o K o e tt, M a n d y ria g e vow s S a tu rd a y in 
Shuler and Julie Carlton. 
H o ly 
C r o s s 
L u t h e r a n 
S e r v i n g as b e s t m an 
C h u rch . T h e Rev. Hugo w a s 
R o b e rt 
Y b a r b o . 
Hannusch offic iated. 
G room sm en w ere Roque 
T h ° b r id e is th e 
G arcia, and W illiam St. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
John Jr.. David St. John 
C layto n F e ig e l J r. T h e and Charles St. John, all groom is the son of Mrs. brothers of the groom. 
R o ss L in d s e y and \\ ii- 
A reception and dance ham St. John. were held in the Knights 
Maid of honor w as the of Colum bus Hall, b r i d e ’ s s i s t e r . 
K a r e n 
The couple will honey* 
Feigel of New Y ork City, moon in New Mexico. 

Ideas! 

McDonald s mini 
4 oz. heart 

McDonald's 
Standard Heart 

Rod toil e m b o sse d with traditional boart, m ob tied with 14 oz of ch oc 

 d a te 

MRS. M. R. ST. JOHN 
Pangburn 
Millionaire Heart 
Gloria Jean Riddle is bride of J.L. Wesch 

All time favorite po cans, caramel and milk 

 chocolate 

M iss G loria Jean R id ­ d le and 
J e r r y 
L e w is 
W e sch e x c h a n g e d m a r ­ riage vows Saturday. 

T h e b r id e is the d a u g h te r of S g t. (r e t.) and 
M r s. 
D o u g l a s C. 
Riddle. The' groom is the son of G eorge W esch Sr. and the late M rs. Wesch. 

 sleepwear, hostess wear, dusters & dashiki smocks 

A tremendous selection of eacy of these items. 
Wide variety of fabrics, styles, colors and prints. 
S-M-L-XL. Great Valen­ tine gift ideas! 

Stark 6-oz. candy hearts 
Palmer 8 oz 
Love Notes 

>r candy i<««rt» ant* 

H aying-, M u lla n o n 
M 'a p p w tl in Ic 

Gee Your Hair 
Smells Terrific 

12 oz size of sham poo 

Arrid Extra 
Dry deodorant 

7 oz size tor tho price 

 of b ox 
You QOf 2ox rHfcfc electric broom 

Light * » , g h t — only I lbs 
Pow**' 

 su ctio n e d g e cle a n er n o zzle N o 

 h a g s to buy 
A rbust* tor every cle a n in g n eed I rom bare flo ors lo any carpel pile H b 4 S i» 
Bufferin tablets 

VA/ifH *1 refund coupon 

Bottle o* IOO Limit 2 

7 oz Limit 2 

 electric broom 
Clairol 
Nice ’N Easy 

Hair coloring In all 

 sh ad es Limit 2 

2 speeds add versatility ’or all cleaning Gets under lo* tu'ni lure Power suction edge clean mg Cleans bare floors and *<) justs lor any height carpet pee mouthwash 

SCOPE 

Dillard!-Mangrem 

T h e m arriag e of M ins Jorja Diane M angrcm and 
Vincent Jam es Dtnardl was solemnized Saturday in 
St. Andrew s United Methodist Church by the Rev. 
Milton Dare. 
Barents of the couple are Mr. aud Mrs G eorge E. 
M angrcm aud Mr and Mrs Richard VanTassel 
Matron of honor was Mrs. M ackey Welsh of A us­ tin B ridesm aids were Mrs John E. M angrcm and 
Anita Vrkljan 
S e r v i n g as b e st m a n w a s R o n n ie 
M a rtin 
G room sm en were Richard VanTassel and Douglas 
VanTassel. 
Follow ing the cerem ony, a reception was held at the Sheraton. 
T h e couple will honeymoon in Corpus Christi. 

■ W 
YOUM CROCI 

 titrates st Remington ladies’ shaver 

T w o Qt im! shay A 'S tor wo m an 
M b 14o/16o and H P 
2127 

Clam 
Nail Works 

 total natl car* system bat 
Hey included N M I 

Mortice Certy Q hair curler 

Curling wand with mitt 

MB16oo 

 make-up mirror 

MILITARY ORIVE, S.W 
SOUTH SANTA ROSA 
NORTH SAN PEDRO 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS—-Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 
M ondale’s manners are ron the fritz 

T h e re a c tio n in 
Washington drawing rooms to Vice P resi­ dent 
M o n d a le ’s treatm ent of a couple of U.S. am bassadors serving abroad was one of astonishment . 
Those who discussed it cannot recall another such example of ungra­ cious manners in the world of diplomacy. 
The unusual treatment include thi? Vice Presi­ dent 's exclusion of Am­ bassador 
Anne A rm ­ strong from his talks with British officials and from the dinner iii Ins honor. 
Mondale told respected columnist David Broder that “ the political am­ bassadors” were being excluded everywhere “ in the expectation that it might inhibit discussion of new policies . ” 
Such conduct, so con­ trary to .Jimmy Carter's 
“ open government” po­ licy. say the critics, was 

 tantamount to telling 
Ambassador Armstrong that she has been repre­ senting Republicans on­ ly, not the United States of America, while serv­ ing in London, and that nothing she learned as ambassador could possibly add anything of value to the talks 

S n u b 

The British here, who have repeatedly called 
Armstrong “ a fantasti­ cally good ambassador.“ believe that Foreign Se­ cretors Anthon' Cross- land made a point of praising Armstrong at the airport welcome for the Vice President to ease the snub. 
After all, Anne. whom he called “ one of the most effective and popular ambassadors we have ever had here.” i> the 
Republican who wouldn't come back for the COP convention last summer because she w a s in Lon­ don as a representative of the whole United States 

JOSHES 
DOWNSTAIRS 

, A UNIT or A LUE) STObw 

D O W N T O W N ONLY 

OUR SPRING PERMANENT 
IS ON SALE AT HALF PRICE! 

Reg. 21.oo, 

 now only 
IO 
5o 

Complete with Shampoo Se*. Haircut! 

Breeze into spring with this e a sy -ca re hair style Enjoy youi beedom and save on precious time Com e in or call D ow nstaiis 
Beauty Salon, 
Downtown 

Phone 227-421 ext. 431. 

I 

She was the only serious­ ly -considered v ice-presi­ dential candidate miss­ ing 
“ I think it was un atro­ cious way to treat a gal­ lant lady and a fine am­ bassador.” said 
House 
Republican leader .John 
Rhodes at a small dinner 
I had thought better of 
Fritz Mondale.” 
Exclaimed a friend to 
Evangeline 
Bruce, 
“ t an’t you imagine the uproar if Spiro Agnew had gone to London for official talks and excluded David from participation’."” 
Though David Bruce served as ambassador to several countries he was not a Foreign Service of­ ficer and Mondale per­ mitted only 
FSD en­ voys to take part 
Replied Mrs. Bruce. 
“ Nixon and Kissinger went to London iii 1969 when we were packing up 

 to leave and David was included in the talks w ith 
Prime Minister Wilson and was invited to the dinner in their honor.” 
Japan 

And London was not the only place where the 
American ambassador was belittled. It didn’t happen in 
Rome or 
Brussels where .John 
Yolpe and Leonard F ir ­ estone had cleared out, or in Paris where Ken Rush must have been tipped off because he left town. 
But in Japan, where 
Ambassador 
Jam es 
Hodgson met the V.P. at the airport. Mondale twice announced in pub­ lic that President Carter was going to appoint a high caliber ambassador to Japan. A man of 
Hodgson's standing de­ serves something better. 

( ^ outp u t 

Elizabeth Taylor has gained 2ft pounds since her engagement to John 
Warner. “ That's from contentment.” said 
Warner's secretary, who still speaks glowingly of 
Liz's happy nature and thoughtful ways. 
Elizabeth’s content­ ment must derive from a full life and the together­ ness she and John have virtually around the clock. When John had a 

 speaking engagement that delayed his arrival in 
L.A. last week where she w as filmed for her cameo role in “ Winter K ills.” she began burning up the telephone wires. 
When they w ent to New 
York for her fittings for the role he went with her. 
When they walk into a party it's arm-in-arm. 
Even when engaged in conversation with so­ meone else* he reaches for her hand. Her expression is that of a woman who is loved and is loving it. 
Any doubts as to whether Elizabeth would help her new husband win the next Virginia gu­ bernatorial or Senate race have been dispelled. 
John exclaimed at the 
Heart of Gold ball in 
Richmond, “ W e’ve had the most wonderful time traveling all over the state! 
And if “ all over the stale” was anything like their Richmond recep­ tion. 
Liz has been mobbed, kissed, grabbed and charged by fans, au­ tograph-seekers and pho­ tographers 
That’s the way it was at the pre-ball cocktail par­ ty in the Michael Ballan- tines’ beautiful Georgian mansion where 3oo peo­ ple fought for a glimpse or touch. 
Even so, the Warners 

PLUMPLY beautiful Elizabeth 
Taylor and husband John Warner 

 personally shook hands with all the hall guests at the 
Richmond 
Hyatt 
House, and when it was all over said they would be glad to be honorary chairmen again next year. 
And through it all Liz was nursing a sore right 
A sale on wheels! 

 look w hat Vogue says about a truly sate and effective reducing aid. 

Elans for a traveling thrift shop will be pre­ sented at the second an­ nual luncheon meeting of 
Hie Alamo Boy's Ranch 
Auxiliary on Saturday. 

Judge Carol liaherman will speak at the Plaza 
Club session and Mrs. 
Richard B Parker will outline plans for the sh op 

The Auxiliary has been given use' of an old home in northeast San Antonio and will use tin1 resi­ dence for thrift item storage. 

At periodic intervals auxiliary members will move the items by van for regional rummage sales all over San Anton­ io 

Guests of honor for the luncheon meeting will be 
Miss Helen Campbell and 
Mesdames Jack Lam ­ bert. Alton Newell, and 
Otto Linhurt. 

 hand from breaking the main bone of her middle finger when she slipped on the ice in Gestaad, 
Switzerland. 
That was her third ac­ cident since she and John started going together. 
The first time she fell off his son’s motorcycle, the second time, off one of his horses. 
So what did John mean when he announced last 
October, “ We want to lead basically a quiet life and I ’m sure we can achieve that” ? 

Candidates will speak 

San Antonio Republi­ can Women’s Club will meet in the TeePee Steak 
House for coffee at 9:3o a.m. Monday. The four candidates for mayor have accepted invitations to speak and answer questions. 

The candidates include 
Mayor Lila Cockrell. L. 
C. Glasco. Dr. Jose San 
Martin and John Mon- frey. Anyone interested is welcome. 

With the film ing in 
L.A. over they were to head back to Virginny to take to the road again — 
John making speeches, 
Liz lecturing on theater at Madison College, Mary 
Baldwin College and 
Stuart Hall. 

Praise 

They are a powerhouse pair with genteel ap­ proach and people are beginning to wonder w hat other candidate pair can match them individually or collectively. 

President Carter’s No. 
I assistant, Hamilton 
Jordan, was praised to the skies by former De­ mocratic national chair­ man Bob Strauss at an 
Iranian embassy dinner the other ev ening. 

The party was in honor of Her Imperial Highness 
Princess Shams Pahlavi, eldest sister of the Shah and owner of the fabulous 
Moon Palace in Teheran, and Jordan wasn’t even there. 

But when his name came up during cocktails 
Bob couldn’t say enough nice things about him. “ I wish he were my son. 
Th at’s the way I feel about him. I think he’s first-rate, a sensitive, warm able human be­ ing,” stated Strauss and that was only the begin­ ning. 

Princess Shams’ beau­ teous young daughter 
Princess Shahrzad and her 
American bride- 

Howard Burris, Jr., were at the dinner along with her brother Prince Shah- baz w ho is a look-alike for 
Burris. 
Spoiled 

 groom. handsome 

Out-of-towners among the 5o-some guests were d oris Leachman’s hus­ band. producer George 
Englund. and his sweet young traveling compan­ ion Bonny Graves. 

Englund ignored the pretty wife of an Iranian diplomat on his right and spent the entire meal talking business to an 
Iranian man. 

And when his host. 
Ambassador Ardeshir 
Zahedi, came over to the table and smilingly sug­ gested a switch of guests because three men were mistakenly seated in a row, Englund quashed the idea because he hadn’t finished talking business. Are all Hol­ lywood producers spoiled rotten? 

'Natty Ivory Coast Am­ bassador 
Timothee 
Ahousu, who escorted bis gorgeous wife Germaine, said they had been glued to “ Roots” on TV like everyone else. 

Said the African envoy, 
“ This is the only country in the world where this kind of show would be put on. No other country would present a film so critical of itself.” 

Ahousa was also im ­ pressed with the even­ handed treatment. He did not think it was racist. 
WEDDINGS 
79 
Bill Olague, 
Diana Ortegon wed in chapel 

JUD GE Carol Haberman, Mrs. John J. Clayton and Mrs. Richard 

B. Parker organize Alamo Boy’s Ranch Auxiliary traveling thrift shop 
T ry on-the-job w orkout 
••*«»*<; for puton c u»« rn uh out § p r a te r ’P ito n ’ 
I 

 th* proof! 

 rn# moi! iHjmmttvl 
, * 
• io a to d tot potouc u t* m ahout a 
’piton 

(UNICAUT USKO (output* literature and (opt** of the attid* tram this leading medico! journal available to your doitof on reqoesl 

Paoale wit* n*v*r thought th#y 

 could Im * weight now report losses 

 ids, 2o 

When a reducing aid is so eWediv# that an ortidt is written by a Professor and it uppoais iii a leading medical |oumol. you 
I now it must work Mere s what was sold about HUNG8IX with 
Phenylpropo nota mine 
We conclude that this drug is an eHacttve appt tilt suppressant. We also conclude that this drug can 

 comm a perceived decrease in food intake and reduce body weight 

KXI UM: 
(ead and follow label dilations irefully 
.... 

^ i / r 
(hiii o f 6 3 tablets 

(21 day supply OHIY $3.oo economy size 126 tablets (42 day 

 supply) 
( M il SS OO SAVI $1 

 af I pounds, 2o pounds, even 4o pounds in a short limo 

It doe sn I matter what you vc tned before lf you ye starved yourself, sweat ed through exercises, eat appetite kith ng candies, all the thousands of things overweight people try — HUNG81X moy well help when all else has failed Think of what this con mean to you 

Just take o tiny HU NGBIX tablet before meals and banish those hated e«tra pounds os you banish hunger 
Why’ Because MUNGO! X contains the most powerful reducing oh) ever released for public use without a prescription 
Suppresses hungei pangs so effectively. it actually limits the ability of your body to produce gnawing hunger sensations 
Result’ iou dont feet tiungiy. down goes you’ cofunt minke and down goes your weight 
JkMennlrmore tai 
9druQ store 

You can give* your body, 
.sour constant companion, a workout as easily on the job as you can at home. 
JI ynu’re a woman who hates to exorcise but dreams of h a v in g a beautiful body, spend a few min­ utes every day on these “ on-the- job ” gyrations. 
DEAK JE N N IF E R : 
I work eight to 1ft h o u rs a d a y iii the legal department cit a large company. I love my job, Gilt my body shows signs of aging a lot laster than my 
27 Nears. 
I used to be iii top shape, played v iii ley bull. tennis and went to a water ballet class two evenings a week 
Now I do nothing but work, and my diet is catch as catch can. I have gained IO pounds and al! that girlish muscle has turned to middle-age flab. 
I abhor the condition I ’m in but 

 r By 

JENNIFER ANDERSON 

 don’t know how to change it with my present lifestyle. Do you have some miracle rehabilitation pro­ gram lor a “ body gone wrong” ? 
— Denise D.. Cleveland. 
Twenty-seven is too early to talk of middle-age flab As busy as you are. vou’ll have to take your ex­ ercise standing up. 
Here is a workingwom an* guide to exercise. Since some of these will look a little provocative, you might want to take cover behind a filing cabinet! 
T U M M Y 
T U C K : 
Interlace fingers and place them over the fullest part cd’ your stomach. 
Breathe in deeply and press hard, with your bunds. Count to five and repeat 1ft times. 
Now hook thumbs around the 

 waist and pull the rib cage up. 
Spread fingers and press down and in. Exhale a s vou press to the count of five. Do ii). 
BREAST FIRM : Stand tall and put the hands on the waist, elbows bent. Try to touch your elbows behind your back. Thrust the chest out. raise the rib cage and let the head fall naturally bac k. 
I Did to a count of fiv e and do 111. 
(This is a wonde rful relaxer for tight, tense upper shoulder mus­ cles as well.) 
ARM TONER: Extend the arms tint I rom the* shoulder. Clench the fis ts and make the* arms rigid. 
Rotate artus t rot ii shoulder 1ft times forward and 1ft times bac k 
LEG SH A PER: Slip off vour shoes and walk on high tiptoes. lense the entire leg from hip to toe. luke ll) steps aud sink to the heels. Walk on the heels for IU steps anil switch back to the toes. 
Do live of each interspersed. 

MORE ENGAGEMENTS 

Stewart-Langston 
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Stewart announce the engagement of their daughter. Joy Ste wart, to Ran­ dal Lee Langston, son of Mrs. Lillian K Langston and A. E Langston. 
The* couple graduated from Robert E Ia*c High 
School. 
An April 2 wedding is planned ill Concordia Luth­ eran Church 

 t'avin-Heinz 
Mr. and Mrs. Gail Donald Cavin announce the engagement of their daughter. Mylene Rene, tic Paul 
David Heinz, son of Mrs Audrey Jane Heinz. 
The bride-elect is a graduate of Thomas Jefferson 
High School where she was a member of the Dunce 
Team. Lassos, National Honor Society * and the 
Shukespeares. 
Her fiance graduated from Thomas Jefferson High 
School He was a member of the Senate Club. 
An April 2 wedding is planned in Manor Baptist 
Church. 

Sykawski-Laskovs ski 

Miss Shirley lean Sykowski. daughter of Mrs 
Kos»ne S>kowski, is engaged to Em il Lawrence 
Laskowski Jr of Putti Ile is (In* son < •r Mr and M rs 
Enid Laskowski of Poth 
The bride-elect is a graduate of St. Gerard’n Hi*. glottal High School. Sin* attended San Antonio Col­ lege 
Her fiance graduated from Putti High School aud attended Southwest I V v ii State University, 
A June DI wedding is planned in St Gerard’s 
Cathectic Church 

R epublican women set tea 

The Republican Busi­ ness Women of Bexar 
( minty will hold a mem­ bership drive tea from 3 to 3 p m Sunday in the* 
\ ilia 
Fontana 
Party 
Room. our luck with the sta 

ARIES 

Attal vou compere ai ftgmofuu 
Or Oi«ret 

JIH 
IM a r 
Jl- A a r re Coed re cui civ mislead v p u rp o se s 
Vim no uavv 

It): red lo you tor 
Pidv ti way oat. ish trying tor one. 

T A U R U S (A p ril 2o-May 2o1: 
Tse greater tne vote* put a, mc* t o v tn t s e rv ic e s m eet you* needs, Get a second opinion on 
Didy or estimates. Skip a party, pot toe yore to coli and cancel 
G E M IN I (M ay 21-Ju n e 2o1. 
Conflicting intercity reach a Cfi sis. and something nay to give. 
Set ovule feyer vee to cower con 
♦tngenriay. Ig n o re c o m p la in ’* 
Door now you sp* 
C A N C ER UWM* l l Ju ly ted 
G 
221 

The Rev. Michael McManus officiat­ ed ut the wedding of Miss Diana Orte* gun and Bill G. Olague, Saturday in 
Our Lady of the Lake University Cha- 
* Del. 
' 
’ 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and 
.MRS. B. I*. Mrs. Oscar Ortegon. The groom is the 
OLAGUE son 
^ rs- Teresa Olague and Henry 
Olague. 
Serving as best man anti matron of honor were Mr. 

 y v r 
, 
, and Mrs. Al Marin. Assisting as ushers were Robert 
VA o r k s h o p S e t 
Marin and Michael Rodriguez. 

 r 
* 
1 
Following the ceremony, a reception was held in t o r e d u c a t o r s the North Terrace Room of the Gunter Hotel. 
Erb-Lee 
Miss Kisha Michelle Lee and Phil Erb, both of 
Houston, exchanged marriage vows Saturday in St. 
George’s Episcopal Church. The Rev. Randolph 
Cooper officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. Ira Hinton of 
Beeville. The groom’s parents are Mr. and Mrs. 
Robert D. Erb 
Maid of honor was Susan Garvin and bridesmaid was Elizabeth Ann Erb. 
Serving as best man was Gary Campbell. 
Groomsman was Mark Erb. Assisting was Paul Erb. brother of the groom. 
A reception was held in the Canyon Creek Country 
Club. 
After a wedding trip to Big Bend, tile couple will reside in Houston. 
McNeese-Epley 

Miss Rebecca Faye Epley of Universal City be­ came the bride of Robert Allen McNeese, Saturday in the Randolph A FB Chapel. Bishop Steven Mc- 
Inelly officiated at the ceremony. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Harvey 
C. Epley of Universal City. The groom is the son of 
\ irginia McCutcheon of Sacramento, Calif, and Fred 
\. McNeese of Austin. 
Matron of honor was Mrs. Gary Gray and brides­ maid was Mrs. James Huff. 
Serving as best man was Gary Gray. Groomsman was Bill McNeese. Assisting as ushers were Benny 
It McGehee and Maurice Stocks. 
A reception was beld in the Randolph A FB Of­ ficer’s Club. 
The couple will honeymoon rn New Mexico. 
Fernandez-Blauser 
Miss Kay Aune Blauser became the bride of 
Daniel James Hernandez. Saturday in Colonial Hills 
United Methodist Church. The Rev. B ill Easum officiated. 
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William 
Blauser. The groom is the son of Mrs. Patricia 
Hernandez and Louis Hernandez. 
Maid of honor was Ellen Blauser, sister of the bride. Serv mg as best man was George Dimotsis. 
A reception was held ut the Ramada Inn following the ceremony. 
WORDS OF 
CHAMPIONS 

Spoiling Bere practice booklore are now available lo student* planning to participate in the San Antonio 

N e w s S p o ilin g B e e o n A p r il 3o 
Then* are typical words used in the Bee all airer the country 

Private, public arui parochial school* in Bexar, 
Kendall Comal Kerr. 
Bandera Medina, Trio, 
Atascosa Wilson Guadalupe 
M Mullen Zavala Pimmit, and 
Val Verde counties ara eligible 
Information can be obtained by writing Spelling Bee Edit 
Antonio New* PQ Box 2 
San Antonio Tesas • H J . 'i1 

T rin ity ’s continuing education department will hold a one-day workshop for educators from 9 a.rn. to 4:3o p.m. 
Feb. 18 in the Refectory conference room. 

The course is designed for school adm inistra­ tors. principals, depart­ ment heads, supervising teachers and all those in­ terested in the accounta­ bility and assessment of teachers. 

In a simulated teaching session, participants will study the relation of teacher behavior to stu­ dent achievement, and' will identify observation­ al techniques for rating the teacher. 

Continuing education units will bi* awarded 
The Soft fee charged will include lunch. 

Aspirin to he speech to p ic 

Sun Antonio Chapter of the Bromids University 
National Women’s Com­ mittee will hold a mini­ lecture at 12:3o p.m. 
Monday in the home of 
Mrs. Sidney Kline. 

(illest speaker will be 
Dr E. E Cooper who will 
(list uhs Aspirin and its relation to Heart Disease. 
Members and friends of tile Women s Committee are im bed. 

 a1 r 

B y 
- 
J FANK DIXON 

 rev s a fe ly ‘..tossed a w a y . t toe ap significant sums in m a s ts la rg e r than neces- 

 t t O 
( J u l y 
I i A u * l l ) 

V IR G O (A u g 
I i Neat 
111 

Dor par 
Miry. 
SC O R P IO (O ct 
21-Way. I t ) ; 
Prospects depend to a great e* tent on now weft you react to disappointment Allow leeway tor revisions at budget, scnedwie, o% something else re coming up 
S A G IT T A R IU S (W ay. 22 O f t 
21): 
Let others take initiative 
T he question ot what they want is (hor* important than what you can cnpeit at them 
Portin g sues complicates n atters 
C A P R IC O R N Dec 22-ieit I* ) 

A Q U A R IU S lio n )* beg 

P IS C E S (b e s 
I* m o i 

LIER A (S eat DOO IU 
(torts pl vi 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 

® to e 

C/> r— x w u j 

*"■? L** sJ 
5 ^ * 2 

Q 

| 
£ 

 t/5 

 dc; 

O h 
E*3 
CQ 

C 

 s 
£ 
W 

On 

IS 

 r q 

( /) 
LU 
-J 

OC i i o w 

 coz 
o 

1 

ULI 
> 

( / ) K 
< 
<-> 
UL < 

Oi 

 is 

•K 

L. 

 t i , 

 vj 
3 

 h 
5 -2 gill 
Qc 32 

Ko 
-or 

NCK 
*n 

KKCK 
AA 

IS 
K€> 
<> 
>- 

Ksrs.CK 
4> 
>- 
>» 
Ok 
«C 

I 
S i 
Q o 
§8 
« fv 

TUfSOAY FEMU'ARY I 
SO OC A M 

>- 
33Iit* 
5 * 
O OL 
§8 
P tx 

3 

► 
o > 
£ < 

1 2 

TOT 

►*-€ 
£ * 
J o. 
88 
S Isl 

I i s 

 l ^ i " 

I s l ? 

 f l : . 

 i i o — SE 2 
o 2 5 - 

< jr >< 

5 ^ — 
% m 

3_ * 
X u *“ 

 i l l * 

H i c 
o 3 5 - 

 aoTM wane hacogoocme i U25 PtwiN Bern 
SAN ANTONIO TX 
(512' 653-9292 

 en o> 5 
11 
5 I' 

 c J 
§ «£ 

UU » c j -S t. 

I f - 
o . 
§ 
, s ® 
* ! 
J 
I# 
<2 C t 

 l U i f i 

o> c 
1 ^ 
2 * 

 tr **» 
O UU 
" OC 

 y i 

^ s 
3? > 
> « ii J? 
8 ? 
IL 
* e -* c 
SI 
TO 4< 
S a 

2 5 
=5 T5 
< 
C 
* o 
I i 
* s l l 
I s 
I 4 nj TO ti <t> 
</> uI 3 
J 
* 7, i$ % ss O 
* a 

I I 
UL 
X 

 c _ 
$ rn 

 a- S 

? 
*S 
1 £ 
2 S 
» a o &. 
I ? 
*- to 
I s s i 
I " i 2 s. > 

I 
I I 
I 
I 

<N•o 
TO 
VT 

 s 

I 
1C2l 
2 
< 

«✓» 
Z 
5 a2« 
^ s 

1 *35 
& > 
2 "6 

IQ 
1 </> 
2o 

1 (/>< u .</> 

_ J 
-J 
K < v) o 

H 5 

£ 8 2 
2 S > 
JU < h - CO 
-"* g : to UU 
" S S S jt O 5 OC 
® y cr & 
UU 
• 
< 
5 
^ g 9 8 

> CH , UU 
UU UU LU 
I lo c 
I — E - u . 

K t f j 
«- >t 
< X cr o 

9 
JC 
O a. a a a. < 

 z. 
Q£ 

2sE*„ 
Jp OC ^ b- 

* 
OC *3 
■* • *r 

^ 3 p 
^ f t . h* 

N ,a, o g 

 g § w 
►■■TOos 
Un os 

 os 
o5 

23 

W s j to un r r 
X S> « r NU 
o o r <» *v 
V k* 

•a, 
; 

C s c a: 5 h. a. X w w 
? ^ r 
S is S 
1/5 
^ r 

 a? 
< x 2 
X r , u j 
( j 
«n u, o 

« j ; < 5 

* ^ | 2 | 

 hv 
/ UJ 2 
«« 
S. a.o a 

 o 
^ 
TO 
J as a 
4 
S 8 
X o 
-J «w bu n 
< 3? 5 > «► 
= *a!i 
IJSB; 
3 « i 2 | 
I i i 
>. 
V « I 
| z < 

o 
O a 

S 
$> j 

 z ^ £ 8 
o r > o 
TO ^ 
« 

 r 
; 
* 
" | 2 s f * « s z 3 

 s 
9 
^ 
' t 
J f » S 8 

 u j -a S j 
°; 

12 ^ 2 o ^ 
C t o ? 
^ 
* 2> 4 
- 8 o o oi 
^ I5u 
I 

5 P 
% i a x 
•f 

_J fN “ i 
S ft ^ 

 z «!£? 5 
S * S | 
UU 
. o 
> 
CL 
* 
^ 
<r> 

* 3 

 i , -° J s i l l s ! 
o » UU 
.is; ti 
..j ^ 
} ■* 

< 

* 

O ' UU H 
•J IU s i I 
.TO < 
3 f f | 
< 5 
5 
S f I O ^ 
^ I 
I * < m < l i n 
TO 
UL a O ' 

» 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 

Go easy on child 

DEAR ABBY: I have a prob­ lem that is positively driving me up the wall. Our 7-year-old son still wets the bed — every night! 
W e’ve tried everything, including taking him to several doctors. They all say there is nothing physically wrong with him. 
I am sick and tired of washing sheets and pajam as every day. Please tell me how to h an d le this. — READY TO 
GIVE EP 
DEAR READY: 
You say y o u ’ve tried “ e v e ry th in g .” lf you h a v e n ’t tried the “ Wee Alert Buzzer” (Sears catalogue), please do. If that doesn’t work, continue to wash the sheets and pajam as every day and say nothing. 
Now I’ll tell you w hat NOT to do: 
DON’T tell your son that he could quit if he really wanted to — that he’s just too lazy to get up and go to the bath­ room; that he’s a “ baby” ; that you’re asham ed of him, and he is driving you up the wall. 
Resign yourself to the fact that you are only one of ab o u t 2o m illio n 
A m e ric a n m o th e rs w ith th e s a m e problem , and although it’s not plea­ sant, there are worse fates. 
If there are no bedw etters in your family, there probably were on your husband’s side because bedwetting is usually hereditary. And be sure to tell your son that, too. It will m ake him feel less guilty. 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1 9 7 7 

Good Samaritans disappear 

Everyone has a problem. What's yours? For a personal reply, write to 
ABBY: Express-News, Box 2171, San 
A ntonio, T ex ., 78297. E n close a stam ped, self-ad d ressed envelope, please. 

DEAR ABBY: 
I am engaged to a wonderful fellow. He is kind, consider­ ate and polite. Ile is almost perfect. 

Ours is a long-distance romance, as he travels, but when we get together with other people, I find he has one fault that is very irritating. 

He likes to do more than his share of the talking. With me alone, this is not true. I am a rather quiet person and seeing him dominate every conversa­ tion in public irritates me. 

Should I mention this to him. or let it go? I am afraid that after we m arry, this may be a sore spot with us. — 
IRRITATED 

DEAR IRRITATED: Yes. tell him in as kind a way as you can. Not in criti­ cism. but in “ love." 
If you let it go, the irritation will grow, and the first tim e he leaves the cap off the toothpaste y o u 're apt to clout him with a skillet. 

You m ay have heard the story. In the midst of a winter blizzard in Iowa, a young woman d riv ­ ing alone skidded off a country road. 
U n ab le to m ove h er car, she started walking to w ard th e n e a r e s t dwelling. 
When she knocked on the fa rm h o u s e door, a voice answ ered through the door telling her to go away. She stru g g le d to the next farmhouse. The sam e thing happened. It h a p p e n ed yet a th ird tim e b efo re sh e w as spotted by a bus driver. 
B e cau se she w as not dressed for the elements, she had already suffered some frostbite. She was saved from a worse fate by the good S a m a rita n action of the bus driver. 
She was quoted by re ­ p o rte rs as p la n n in g to return, when the weather was better, to the farm s where she had sought re­ fuge to ask th e folks, 
“ Why?” 

In recent years, the re ­ luctance of people to be 

 good Sam aritans and be­ com e “ involved” when others cry for help has been well publicized. 
Most widely reported was the 1984 rape-m urder of Kitty Genovese in New 
York City. There, not one of 38 people who heard or saw w hat was going on did anything to help. 
Almost everyone h a s been in a position of being s tr a n d e d and n e e d in g help sometime in life. I recall running out of gas at one o ’clock in the morning on a turnpike. 
Ten or 12 of the few cars on the road at that hour w hizzed by u n til one pulled over. 
In it, a young m an was traveling with his wife and two small children; the backseat was full of b elo n g in g s. 
He had stopped in spite of his wife’s protestation that he shouldn't. the argum ent continued until 
I got in. And he gave me a lift to th e next i n t e r ­ change. 
Most people don’t like to think of themselves as 
“ u n -carin g .” Most say they would help someone in distress. Yet, not all actually do. and there are 

INSIGHTS 

Y et a n o th e r p e r s p e c ­ tive on this dilem m a is offered by three psycho­ logists at the 
City 
University of New York. 
Writing in “ Psychology 
T o d ay ,” they re p o rted reactions to a lost child asking for help in several la rg e cities and sm all towns. 

Dr. \1enninger invites >our com m en ts and questions 
Write to him in care of the San Antonio Express, P.O. Bov­ i l l ! , San Antonio Tex., 78297. Because of the volume of mail, he cannot answer each individually hut will handle questions of general interest in his column 

H t s 

 d iffe ren t rea so n s why. 
The two most striking are fear of the stranger and a personal com m itm ent of higher priority. 

Commitment 

Think of the last time you were driving down the road and saw a car stranded. You may have given a prayer of thanks that it w asn’t you, as you drove on. 

You were late for an- appointm ent or com m it­ ted to s o m e th in g that didn’t allow for any time out to help others. 

Besides, you probably 

 assu m ed that else would help. Or the police or highway patrol would stop as p art of their job They are more p rep a re d to cope with emergencies, anyway. 
In addition, you m ay have had sufficient look at the cur and the people to have d o u b ts about whether you could trust them. 
F ear of the stranger is a powerful deterrent to helping, despite the fact that this fear is generally out of proportion to reali­ ty. The vast majority of people seeking help are not robbers or rapists or m urderers. 

Less than half (48 per cent) of the large city dwellers responded with an offer to help a lost som eone ch ild ; n e a rly th re e - fourths (72 per cent) of the small town folks did 
And in the small towns, 

 even those who d id n 't help w ere usually sy m ­ pathy. 
In the big cities, most who refused to help “ did so a b ru p tly ,” ignoring the child, swerving, s id e s te p p in g . 
O th e rs , with hardly a pause, put se o m e m oney in th e child’s hand and moved on. 
Not all the large cities were the sam e. Boston and P h ilad e lp h ia w ere most u n sy m p ath etic — two-thirds refused to help. In New York City, it was 5o-5o. In Chicago, two-thirds helped. 

Mean cards nothing new 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I went shopping for a really sweet Valen­ tine a few days ago 
— something special for a person very dear to my heart. 
You w o u ld n ’t believe what the stores have on their rac k s th ese days. 
For every V alentine ex­ pressing tenderness and iove there are at least a dozen that are downright mean and insulting. 
Will you please give me 
(and others) your opinion of this rotten new idea? 
Am I c ra z y or is it a s y m p to m of a sick 

 society? — Betsy in Du­ buque 
Dear Betsy: 
I hate to disillusion you, dear, but very few ideas, good or bad, are really new. 
A cc o rd in g to 
Sally 
H o p k in s, 
D ire c to r of 
H a ll m a r k ’s H is to ric a l 
Collection, some peculiar 
Valentines first appeared in E ngland aro u n d the tim e of Queen Victoria. 
They were called “ Penny 
Dreadfuls,” “ Rudes and 
C rudes,” also "V inegar 
Valentines." “ 
Mostly, the cards were in s u ltin g . E x a m p le : a g ro te s q u e -lo o k in g w o­ man was pictured w ear­ ing a bell for a hat and a 

‘ 

 lf you’re a bride-to-be, please be our guest. 

,Sadm itty. February 2(». 9:oo a.in. 
Bridal Salon 
Windsor Bark Mall 

) im orc c o n lia lh im ita l lo i i*it lh*’ 

J ( F e l in e s H r iii ti I S o l o n lo i ii-u o u r e x c i t i n g 

 lien S /trin /i tin t! S u m m e r l l r i t l u l C o lle c tio n . 

Kl e r \ t i l i n g is b e a u t i f u l l s t o o r t l i n a l e t l a n t i 

 r e t* t o n t e m / t o r a r s . ll e ll s l u m s o u till o u r 

 b r i d e a n t i b r i d e s m a i d fla n a s a n t i a s s is i y o u 

 in m a k i n / : se let l i o n s fo r s t u n s a i l a n t i s o u r 

 tille n tltin ls . ) o u r I n i t i a l / a i r t s . W h a t 

 tle se ri es lo b e m o r e b e a u t i f u l ' f 

F o r m a l n e a r b s ( ,i ll/ii ss F o r m a l ll e a r 

( ’e u l e r , m i n d s la r/ie s t f o r m a l n e a r r e n te r . 

F lo r a l a r r a n / i e m e n t s bs 

 ll intlstir F a i t F lo rist 

F h o lttfir a /ih s b s H ic k S i c i l i a n 

Hr a l a I C o n s u l t a n t 

B e n n s \lt ( . a tt lien 

F o r s o u r i n v i t a t i o n a m i r e s e r v a t i o n , / t h a n e 

 o u r H r itla l S a l o n a t tt y I -1 Soil o r C in /iis s 

F o r m a l ll c a r a t O W - / . t.HI. 
JCPenney 

 ll intlsor Fork d oll 

IM I 

 ll you have a problem let 
Ann Landers help you solve it. Write Ann Landers, care ol the Express-News, IVD. 
Box 2171, San Antonio. 
Tex., 78297. 

 d a p p e r stick in g out of her mouth. The message; 
“ Y our tongue is ever on the swing and has a harsh, discordant ring. 
“ How- I hate its scold­ ing tone. Your clapper is the curse of home.” 
Another; 
“ I ’ll tr e a t you w ith scorn whenever we pass. 
“ You d e c e itfu l, oily- to n g u e d s n a k e in the g rass.” 
Som e say th e P e n n y 
D read fu ls wfere a r e a c ­ tion to the stuffy morality of the mid-Victorian era. 
People w anted to get aw ay fro m th e s ic k e n ­ ingly sw eet se n tim e n ts and phony P u r it a n is m expressed in Valentines. 
T hey gobbled up these insulting cards and sent th e m a n o n y m o u s ly , of course. 
One year in the 18oos, the Chicago Post Office refused to deliver 2o,ooo of the nasty m essages on the g ro u n d s they w ere 
“ vicious and obscene." 
If those folks could see what passes through the mails TODAY, they’d be whirling in their graves! 

Altar Society sets silver tea 

The Altar Society of St. 
P e te r 's , P rin c e of the 
A p o stles 
C a th o lic 
Church, will hold its an­ nual Silver Tea from 3 to 
5 p.m . F eb . 22 in the home of Mr. and Mrs. ll. 
Perry Gainey. 

Mrs. F rank D. Duper­ i e s doll collection will be on display, and foods d e p ic tin g th e eth n ic b a c k g ro u n d s of th e m e m b ers of the parish will be served. 

Girl is normal 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: 
My daughter started her period exactly one month after her ninth birth d ay . 
Is this normal? I think she is too young, and wonder it so­ mething can be done to stop them. — Mrs. A.D.L. 
Take this in stride, it is young, of co u rse, but not su fficien tly young to be abnormal. 
There has been a trend toward earlier onset of m enses in modern society. A re c en t study am ong 
British girls indicates that m en­ struation begins th ere between the ages of 9 and 17. 
The average is about 13, with as many beginning before the aver­ age as after it. In 189o the average age was 18 months later. The U.S. average is just below 13. 
Y our d a u g h te r pro b ab ly has shown other signs of sexual m a ­ turity. A thorough physical at this point should verify that she is a normal youngster. 
.lust be su re you explain the p henom enon to h er and avoid sh o w in g any of y o u r co n c e rn . 

Nothing need he done or should he done to sto p h e r cy c le s. 
Incidentally, this first m enstrua­ tion can occur without ovulation. 
The medical definition of p re­ cocious puberty is that which oc­ curs before the age of Kl in boys and before 8 in females. 
One theory accounting for the younger age of puberty involves the more favorable nutrition and general health of fem ales today as opposed to that of years ago. 
Thus, while 14-year-old Juliet m ay have m a rrie d her Romeo, the couple most likely would have been childless for several years, had their rom ance not ended in tragedy. 

Feet 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: Are there exercises that help strengthen the arches of the feet? I have flat feet and have worn special lifts and heels on my shoes all my life. As a hom em aker I am on my feet all day. I am 5-foot-5 and weigh 118 pounds. 
My arches are getting so bad that I am stretching my shoes out 

By L 
GEORGE C. 
TH O STESO N , M D. 

 of shape in two months. — Mrs. 
M D . 
While there are m any sm all muscles in the foot, flat feet are usually caused by structural de­ fects in the bones and their con­ necting ligam ents. Many folks adjust to flat feet with no sym p­ toms. For others, like yourself, pain can he great. 
It is doubtful that exercises will help much in relieving discom ­ fort. You get enough of that walk­ ing around doing your chores all day. W arm foot baths can provide some relief. 
Exercises, such as curling your toes over the edge of a telephone book or attem pting lo pick up such objects as a pencil or a m ar hie with the toes, have been sug gested. These exercises are worth trying. 

Grains toller 

 rave cjone lead! 

I 
A 
J 

It had to happen. The universally popular, universally fashionable 
14 karat yellow gold chain had to be styled for the ears. And now it has been. A Venetian box chain, $25. 
B. Fox-tail chain, $25 C. Serpentine, $2o. 

Something Beautiful for Everyone., M 

Use one of our convenient charge plans or 
Amencan Express • BankAmericard • Master Charge 

 lin e Jewelers Since 1878 I 
163 E Houston Street • North Star Mall 
Windsor Park Mall 

Mrs. Richard W. n s is chairman. liar- 

Ribbon ladies slate dinner 

Ladies of the Ribbon will join their husbands, m em bers of the Military 
Order of World Wars, in a 
Valentine dinner party at 
8:3o p m. Thursday in Et. 
Sam Houston O ffic ers’ 
Club. 

'B A B S 

F A 
IR 
, 

‘fJ U A A u & L k 

& 
Mitt M 
. -J 

Girl# Toddler 
3*4 
(lirlx M»X. 
H U 

 l r . Hr. o F u N.I. 
342*59o1 
OR 
3 42*5591 

Bills huddler 
Si »n» 
It*»\ • I & 3 

2 BIG DAYS — 
M ON. & TUES., FEB. 14 & IS ! 

K agan s A n n u a l 
FUR SAMPLE 
CLOSEOUT SALE! 

ALL NEW, BUT 1976 FUR 
— SAMPLES — 

The Sale You’ve Waifed For! 
Come Early For Best 

Selection. 

Enjoy the mink of your dreams now & save in our greatest FEBRUARY FUR SALE! All furs labeled to show country of origin of imported furs. These furs now priced lower than they usually would have been. 

Designer Mink Pant Coat, Classic & 

Contemporary Mink Coats, Luxury 

Mink Stoles and Capes, Boutique 

Furs and Fun Furs. Savings So 

Great It Will Pay You To Buy N O W ... 

$5 3 ° ° T o 
S3 3 3 3 oo 
+ TAX 
KAGAN FURRIERS INC 

5o16 BROADWAY 
PHONE TA 2-3751 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Elegant cast iron beds are at a premium 

Q. “ Our fancy cast iron bcd is quite an attention getter.” — 
Bill and Linda, Fort Worth. 
A. Cast iron furniture sprang into vogue during the second half of the 
19th century. Because it could be cast in almost any conceivable shane and easily painted to blend with existing furniture, it proved enormously popu­ lar. 
Cast iron beds vied for sale with brass beds and many had brass trim­ ming. Most beds had ornate foot and head boards often featuring scrolls and leaves. 
One firm sold them in a white ena­ mel finish, although other colors in­ cluding an all-gold finish were also available. 
In the 189os many designs were be­ ing offered for under $5 each, although nowdays it takes a wide-awake browser to locate one for under $175. 
B usts 
Q. “ Please assist me in evaluating my collection of parian busts.” — 
Susan, Anaheim, Calif. 

A. This hard-paste unglazed porce­ lain introduced by Copeland & Garrett in the 184os was originally known as 
"Statuary Porcelain” . 
Eventually it was produced by other leading potters such as Minions, Wor­ cester, (loss and Ridgway. The portrait busts, especially signed specimens, fetch heady prices! 
Value guide: Beethoven. 8” tall, $58; 
Cromwell. 8” tall, $82; Garfield, IO” tall. $8o; Longfellow, *5” tall, $75; 
Robert Burns, Copeland, 5” tall, $88; 
Shakespeare, 4 1/2” tall, $8o 
(/ luss 

Q. “ For the past few years I’ve been acquiring Goofus g la ss” — Millie, 
Concord, N C. 
A. 
Like its second cousin Carnival 
Glass, this glass was distributed at fairs and carnivals in the early 19oos. 
Originally known as Mexican glass, it has painted embossed designs, gen­ erally floral or fruit motifs, in red, purple or pink, enhanced with bronze or metallic highlights. 
The red and gold pieces appear to be 

 the most plentiful. Such industry giants as the Northwood Glass Com­ pany and the Imperial Glass Company produced this bold and brassy glass­ ware. 
Despite the peeling on some speci­ mens, collectors find it most a p ­ pealing. Value guide: bowl, large size, red and gold, $28. 
Q. 
“ We discovered several O la 

F’arker Bros, games in the attic” — 
Mr. and Mrs. R. W.. New Orleans. 
A. 
Early Parker Bros, games can best be described as flea market win­ ners. This still-existing firm, founded in Salem, Mass., in 1883. furnished the younger set with innovative board games, card games, puzzles and other productions. 
They purchased the rights to many 

 games originally published by the VV. 
S. & B. Ives firm. 
Any game in its original box is con­ sidered best. Value guide: authors, card game, 1897. $8; professional game of baseball, 19oo, $28. 
Appraise your antiques with Dan 
D’Imperio’s book and value and guide, 
“ The ABC’s of Victorian Antiques” 
Dodd. Mead & Co., $9.95. 

 in 
F ie * M 
A R j f * r 
F7*ds by DAN o I M P itlO 

An autographed copy may be ordered from the Crown Syndicate, Inc., Ex- press-News Box 2171, San Antonio. Tex. 
78297. 

Cu rrent prices 
Margaret O’Brien coloring book.................................................................. $9.oo 
R. S. Prussia 7-piece berry set, florals................................................... $225.oo 
Popeye crayon set............................................................................................. $9 OO 
Avon bottle, watering can, 1982.................................................................... $9.5o 
Louis Icart etching, “ Secrets” ................................................................ $24o.oo 
Tin cookie cutter rabbit................................................................................ $1o.oo 
Brownie mug, silverplated.......................................................................... $24.oo 
Bronze button, horses in re lie f.................................................................... $8 OO 
Nippon China hat pin holder....................................................................... $22.oo 
Lionel train set, No. 283 .............................................................................. $2oo OO 
Please note: Prices may vary depending on condition and geographic location. 

Use antiseptic 
, 
• i i 
1 fo n m u fa , with cleanser 

Bacteria and fungi are everywhere, so even the most metienlously kept home harbors millions of them. 
It’s a paradox that some are harm­ ful, causing disease and property des­ truction, while others are highly bene­ ficial and even edible. 
There are areas around any home that are favorite gathering sjxits Fun­ gi, such as mold, seems to thrive in damp areas, and harmful bacteria in garbage cans, sinks, bathtubs, shower stalls and decomposed food 
But because they can be anywhere it seems sensible to use an all-purpose cleaner that has antiseptic qualities for general cleaning purposes. Here’s the formula. 
You’Ll need one pint of pine oil (from a hardw are store), one-half pound powdered soap and one pint water. 
Gently stir the soap and water wit Ii slow mixing. Remove suds from sur­ face of liquid. 
Now pour in the pine oil very slowly 

By 
N O R M A N H. STA R K 

 with constant stirring. To use, dilute solution with water or use full strength, depending on job to be done. 
Store in glass, metal, or plastic con­ tainer 
Like any chemical product you use at home, you should store this one safely, label it — listing ingredients and not­ ing any cautions — and keep it out of reach of children. 
Now you can obtain THE FORMULA 
BOOK 2. the exciting follow-up to the 
THE FORMULA BOOK, with all new easy-to-make formulas for personal, home, and pet care. Price only $5.95. 
And we now have available both 
FORMULA books in a handsome gift pack — two oversized paperback books in a durable slip case, ideal for gifts or home reference. Only $11.9o 
Please indicate whether you want 
FORMULA I. II or the two-volume gift pack 
Write to 
THE 
FORMULA 
BOOK Express-News, Box 2171, San 
Antonio, Tex. 78297. 

SE W IN G CLASSES; 

Feb 
IS 
Men i Knit Skxk* 
1o oo 17 oo 

Feb 
24 
Men t Knit Sport (ooh 1o oo 17 oo 

Mm. 
I 
Men t Knit Skxki 
IOO 3 oo 

Mw. 
S 
Ultra Suede Seminar 
IO OO 11 OO 

ARTS A CRAFTS CLASSES: 

Feb 28 
Robert Gwdtn 
Woikshop 
9 3o I 3o 

Mw 
I 
.Paint Along Workshop 
•y Robert Golden 
IO OO I OO 
S • 3 Mr Un 
S1oo OO 

PLEASE CAU 824-2353 FOR RESERVATIONS 

HSI* chapter sets activities 

Delta Pi Chapter of Be­ ta Sigma Phi has planned es cuts for February 

The ways and means committee will sponsor 
Tupperware parties at 
7:3o pm . Wednesday iii the home of Mrs. John 
Muring and at 7:3o p.m. 
Thursday in the home of 
Mrs. Terry Bakula 

A rush party will be held at 1(1:3o a rn. Feb. 28 in the home of Mrs. Terry 
Russell. Brunch will be served. 

* 
V 
• . I * * * fj, 

O 

* 
_ O'* 
\> V 
AC 

O'* "on '* 1 
\V«* 
A » ' x>® 
I 
C f i 
, N X * 
< S o o,° w vn 'o< 
-to 5 
^ 

Problem -* t,)ue-iiom>* l»el 11 >-l|> Ku-t. 

W He HOT LINE. 

In Th# Newt Every Day, 

FULL 
BOLTS 
45” 
WIDE 
FAIRTEX 
Q U IAN A 
SOLIDS & PRINTS 

FULL BOLTS 45" WIDE 
COLORFUL NEW SPRING 
STRIPES AND PRINTS 
NO-IRON 
65 % POLYESTER 35% COTTON 
99 
I 
FULL f 
PIECE 
YO PRICE 
KER 

 i i 
$119 CTUJ 
I YO. 
ORDER 
1oo% QUIANA 

Full 
Piece 
YO. Price 

Cut 
To 
YD. O rd o r 

I * Ie I f w I P I 
I tm 11 Ti I Bt ft# I 

FULL BOLTS 45" WIDE 
NEW SPRING DESIGNER. 
TYPE PRINTS, NOVELTIES 
BIG SELECTION 
9o % ACETATE 1o% NYLONS 
AND 1oo% ACETATES 
PRINTED 
JERSEY 

Full 
Piece 
YD. Price 

Cut 
To 
O rd e r 

FULL BOLTS 
6o" WIDE 

FAMOUS LUXURY TYPE FAVORITE FOR 
FASHION SEWERS . . . EXCITING TRANSITIONAL 
PATTERNS. . . 1o o% POLYESTER 
M TCD 
I e m Cw emI O C ?c 

Full 
Piece 
Price 

Cut 
To 
O rd e r 

FULL BOLTS FIRST QUALITY 52-54" WIDE 
SPECIAL ASSORTMENT FOR THIS EVENT 
TRANSITIONAL AND SPRING LOOKS 

 fib pi, 

65% ACETATE-35% NYLON 
DON T MISS THIS ONE 
YOU'LL LOVE THE PRICE.66 

Full 
Piece 
YD. Price 

Cut 
To 
YO. O rd e r 

FULL BOLTS FIRST QUALITY 
TRANSITIONAL PATTERNS FOR NOW — INTO SPRING 
6o" WIDE 1oo% POLYESTER 

PACKAGED INTERFACING 

 o 
$ 1 4 4 
AI PUGS. FOR 
I 
98* 
# V 
PACKAGE 

PLAIN 1oo% POLYESTER 
FUSIBLE 1oo% RAYON 

Full 
Piece 
YO. Price 

Cut 
To 
YD. O rd e r 

FULL BOLTS 6o" WIDE 
LIGHTS, DARKS, AND BRIGHT PATTERNS 
1oo% ACRYLIC 

Full 
Piece 
YD. Price 

Cut 
To 
YO.Order I 

FULL 
BOLTS 
RRST QUALITY 

4 5 " 
WIDE 
7 COLORS 

5o% POLYESTER 5o% COTTON 

FULL BOLTS 44" WIDE 
CO-ORDINATED PRINTS 
PATCHW ORK AND SOLIDS 
QUILTED WITH NO FILLER 
65% POLYESTER 35% COTTON 

Full 
I 29 Cut 
Piece 
To 
YO. Price 
Y D .O rd e r 

Full 
Piece 
YO. Price 

Cut 
To 
O rd e r 

HEAVY LUXURY-TYPE 
BEAUTIFUL DRAPING 
FULL ROLLS 
BEAUTIFUL 
ASSORTMENT OF COLORS 
7 4 % RA YO N 3 6 % ACETATE 

FULL BOLTS FIRST QUALITY 
EXCITING SPRING PATTERNS 
BLOUSE, TOP WEIGHT 
SCENICS AND NOVELTIES 

5o% POLYESTER 5o% COTTON 

Full 
Piece 
YO. Price 

Cut 
To 
O rder 

FuN 
Piece 
Cut 
To 
O rd e r 

EXPRESS 
TTT 
Business and Finance 
# a a i A l l E M 
T 
W i r t I V I E IM 
Computers come into the home 

By RIC HARD SMITH 
(XPP! SS NEWS BUSINESS EDITOR 
Tired of balancing the fami­ 

 ly 's checkbook? 
Fed up with compiling the monthly grocery list. or teaching your eight- year-old multiplication? 
Well.then, let the family co mputer do it 

The computer age has finally come to the kitchen. Once the exclusive pro­ perty of the large corporations which could afford them, they are now within reach of the common man 
F o r the d o - i t - y o u r s e l f e r , p r i c e s range from $4oo for a basic learner s kit. on up to a s high a s anyone wants to go. depending on the sophistication of the equipment. 
That m e a n s a boon for the infant 

 industry know as personal computing, already recognized as one of the fastest growing fields in the country. 
‘‘Within just two years , it s grown from practically nothing to a roaring i n d u s t r y . ” s a y s C ar l Z e t t n e r . who heads up an informal club called the 
Alamo Computer Enthusiasts. 

No one really knows how extensive the personal computer cult is. but one report published a week ago says that from 2o.ooo to 1oo.ooo individuals have been buying the computers for tin* past couple of years 
The sudden appearance of as many a s 3oo neighborhood co m pu ter stores 

The com puters will really catch on when sm a ll businesses fidapt them, says one user. 

One indication of the mushroom ing interest in kitchen-table c o m p e e r i n g has been the s k y ro c k e t in g m e m b e r ­ ship of the club. Form ed in November with eight m embers, it now has a roster of over OO m e m b e rs 

 a cro ss the country has been another result. 
Dr. John E. Howland, president of 
V angu ard S y s t e m s . Inc. which owns the Computer Store at 6812 San Pedro, sa y s the concept of the neighborhood 

COMPUTERS for the kitchen table, like the one Don W right is using, are now within reach of the individual, with prices ranging from $ 4 o o on up. Literally, a room ful of 

 equipm ent can be squeezed into integrat­ ed circuits like the central processing unit above which contains the com puter’s func­ tions. — Staff Photos by H.M. Dean, Jr. 

 store is already widespread, with two or three franchise operations thriving nationally 
He s a y s the* m a in r e a so n for the sudd en s u r g e in the industry is the successful blending of miniaturiza­ tion and economics 
“ A whole roomful of equipment can be packed into one integrated circuit roughly two and a half inches long and a half-inch wide.” says 
Howland 
“ This integrated circuit is the c o m ­ puter's central processing unit which now costs an ave rage of $ 3 o " 
One c o m p a n y wh ic h h a s been a pioneer in the c o m p u ter kit field is 
Southwest Technical Pr oducts Corp.. which has been in the electronics bu­ siness here for about 12 years 
Electronic gadgets 
Up until two years ago, the company m a d e. and sold by mail. a m p lifiers, strobe lights and assorted electronic gadgets. Then, in 1975, the micr ocom ­ p u t e r b oom s t a r t e d , s a y s D a n iel 
Meyer, president of tin* company 
“ At that 11 me, there were only two m a n u f a c t u r e r s of c o m p u t e r kits a r ­ ound, our company and another MM S. 
Inc located iii Albuquerque. \ 
M s a y s Mover 
“ In J a n u a r y o! 1975 it c a m e out w Uh I lie A ltair c o m p u t e r s o n e s 
Al the time, we were making terminals for other companies By No­ vember we put out a package called the liSlltl 
“ Because ol the computer sales, our 
|97ti s a l e s v o lu m e i n c r e a s e d :itt per c e n t " lie auld 
Since then. the com pany has sold more than TIMM computer kits. which have counted for over ill per cent of the sales. 
Hundred outlets 
A ls o . the c o m p a n y h a s the c o m ­ puters sold by approximately KIO re­ tailers around tin* country, and is building its own retail outlet adjacent to its manufacturing facility which is scheduled to open within four to six weeks 
D espite the vast m a r k e t i n g poten­ tial. the industry is still dominated by the sm all m a n u f a c t u r e r s. Meyer ex plains 
“ The c o m p a n i e s , like IHM have tra ditio nally ha ve been orie nted to sellin g to the la rge b u s i n e s s e s that could afford them, a s well a s all tin* so f tw a r e . They w e r e the only o n es which could afford a computer costing between $2o.1 HH) and $3o,ooo" hi* said 
Central processor 
Basically, the computer is m a d e up of the central p ro c e ss o r, which c o n ­ tains the de cisio n -m a k in g p r o c e s s e s like adding and subtracting, the m e ­ mory w h e r e the i n s t r u c t i o n s a nd a n s w e r s a r e c o n t a i n e d , a nd the input /out put devices winch enable the computer to co m m u nicate.” sa ys 
Zettner. 

 of com puter’s heart, the central processor, which perform s the com puter’s functions. 
T h e s e d e v i c e s a r e the k e y b o a r d , through which tin* instructions can he given, and the display screen 
The computer kits are modular, he soys. which m e a ns components can be added, much iii the way of stereo s \ s terns 
Another reason for the spread ol computers to the common man is the increasing e a s e of p r o g r a m m i n g the computers, s a y s Meyer 
F o r t r a n h a s bee n the a c c e p t e d 

 language for the number-crunching type of scientific work But that goes over the heads of most people. Another co m pu ter la ngu age. Cobol, which is used by businesses for inventory con­ t ro ls . is a l s o c o m p l i c a t e d , s a y s 
Mey ors 

H o w e v e r , a c o m p u t e r l a n g u a g e based on English rather than num be r s y s t e m s w a s p erfected in the e a r ly sixties at D artmouth I m v e r s it y . In* s a v s 
Now. it s co m ing into u se for those who want to program their co m ­ puters without Fortran and ('obol 
Anyone with a normal understand­ ing of the English language can learn how t»» m ake a program in nisi a few m i n u t e s " sa ys Meyer. lake any other hobby cult. the m i ­ crocomputer industry has Us share of reading material says Howland 
He cites periodicals with nam es like Byte 
( a word which also means a m e a su re oi co mputer information). K iloba ud, or the unlikely lh 
D ob bs J ou rnal of 
< ompnter ( alisthentics and Orthodon­ tia 
Acknowledged a s the Bible for the h o m e c o m p u t e r t i n k e r e r . 
B y t e ' s growth has symbolized the growth of the industry itself says Zettner 
I’lie first issue was marketed to sell 

See COMBI 11 K S. Bag,* :u; 
Benefits wf the spinoff 

The city that receives the reor­ g a n iz e d I n A u ca s u b s i d i a r y of 
Coastal States B a s Corp will also receive immediate benefits totaling an estimated $7 million 
W il l i a m Iv ( i r e e h e y . l,o- Vuca president, estim ates that within the next five y e a r s ov er SHU million would be p u m p e d into the local economy ot whichever city received the headquarters. 
He said l.o-\ aca currently has 264 employ es stal l ing its Houston ob lice 
Co Auca s s e p a r a t i o n from 
Coastal Slates would requir e the h irin g id an a d d i t i o n a l 221) c m ploy es. he said 
Some 111) present employes have expressed a willingness to relocate. said < ireehey. That m e a ns about 34b e m p l o y e s probably will be hired d u r i n g the first i s m o n th s a ft e r reorganization 
Mill workers 
The new headquarters city would thus likely see Izi-Aaca fun* about 
6HH workers 
Ile b a s e d the e s t i m a t e on $6(1 million five-year impact e s t im a t e 
- o n projected payroll costs, capital 

 expenditures and other normal bu­ siness operating expenses 
One ol tin* majo r capital expendi­ t u r e s would be the p u r c h a s e of company c a r s and pick ups , (Iree- hey said Because ot the economics of p u r c h a s i n g Hoot v e h i c l e s in quantities from two or three d e a ­ lerships, he feels that the purchases would be made locally 
Ile lec h this would total about 471) cars and pit blips 
Because o| the large n umber of miles driven (Ireehey said that 235 vehicles would be bought annually 

Purchased locally 
Al a price of $5JUNI apiece, that would mean an expenditure of stone 
XI 2 million within the local a r e a each veal 
Of Hie professional employe |msi- lions (fiat would In* filled during Hit* reorganization period, a predomin­ ant unrulier would go lo m a n a g e r s anti directors, su p erviso rs amt r e ­ cord analysts, he said 
Also. non-professiunnl mentions lo 
In* st affed would fall into chiefly se cretaria l and clerical a r e a s , he said 

 close look at innovation 
Accounting firm taking a 

Another 
Bexarcounty 
Savings exclusive. 

Savings in by the 2oth (not the 1oth) earn from the 1 st when left on deposit thru the quarter. Twice as much time to earn the highest rates in the area on 
“short & sweet’’ certificates, instant accounts and passbook accounts, too. 

Open your account today ... and earn from the 1st. 

• Weekday h o urs 9 AM to 5 45 PM 
• S a tu rd a y ho urs 9 AM to I PM 
BEXAR COUNTY SAVINGS 

IH I / o South New BraunNN • I3Go McCune** Shoppaig Cay • San Antonio Ta ZS223 • (SI?) W ? J1 Jb 
Chartered MparvtMMU and ecanened regutarty by ma Saving* and koan Department gt lh# Stale al 1e*a* 

NEVA VOKE — Bache Halsey Stuart Inc . the securities firm. is taking a measured view ut this season s most controversial accounting innovation 
— the replacement cost disclosures due from the nation's largest companies by the end of March 
It is “ too co m ple x an issue for the stock m a r ­ ket to react to quickly but too i m p o r t a n t for the market to ignore. 
Bache concluded iii a HH-pa go research study released 
Monday 
In Bache s vtow both those who are braced for 
.I d i r e m a r k e t i m p a c t trotii the r e p l a c e m e n t data and those who p re­ dict little or no effect are hound tor d i s a p p o i n t ­ ment. 

FREDERICK 
A N D R E W S 
N»- -O'* *•"*»> W-.CC 

The Bache study, writ­ ten by David Hale, c o m ­ bines an informed survey of inflation-adjusted a c ­ co un tin g in t he I lilted s t a t e s and iii Britain with t Ips for s e c a n t les a n a ­ lysts on interpreting the nov el disclosures 
I rider a rule ado pted 

 over strenuous objections by i n d u s t r y . the 
S e c u r i t i e s 
E x c h a n g e 
Commission is requiring 
I (MMI of the largest non- finaneial corporations to include four new calcula­ tions in their mandatory in k fillings for 197H 

Comparisons 
As a m e a s u r e of a company '> v ulnerability to in fla tion , the new d i s c l o s u r e s c o v e r the current replacement cost of its productive capacity and inventory. as well as what the cost ot sales and depreciation ch arges woiild h a v e been if f i ­ 

 g u r e d a c c o r d i n g to r e ­ placement costs 
The Bache study takes i s s u e with i n d u s t r y ' s 
.frequent contention that the replacement cost e s ­ t i m a t e s will p r o v e so subjective a s it be m ean­ ingless 
T h a n k s to S E ( g u i ­ delines and intraindustry cooperut ion in dev istng m e a su re s , the new data w ill provide mo re uni­ formity than s e e m e d possible. 
Bache found 
In p a r t i c u l a r , the 
B a c h e stu dy g i v e s the cement airline and rail­ road i n d u s t r i e s high m a r k s for u o r k m g out uniform m easu res 
Tandy head keynote business week activities 

( furie s D Tandy will be keynote speaker at St 
Alary s T i m ersity B u s i ­ ness W eek aetiv Hies 
I lls speech 
I rec E n ­ terprise 
The American 
\\ ay aud a Texas I'radi- t pm ’* w ill be given III a iii Tuesday at the urn* versity s 
( o n ! tim ing 
E d uc a tion ( en ter a u d i ­ torium 

Tandy is president and chairman of the hoard o| 
Tandy i orp of 
F ort 
AA ort Ii w ho converted the n e a r b a n k r u p t 
H udm 
Shac k chain into a m u l ­ ti-million d o l l a r re tail empire 
Other activIties for the 
Business Meek activities include various lectures and sdlscussions 

On 
W e d n e s d a y a ii cl 
Thursday a se ries of lec­ ture's will Im* given to bu­ siness class es by Profes­ sors tor a Day a group ot 
'III b u s i n e s s and community leaders 
Dinner 
I lie a n n u a l s i ucleiit- executives dinner will be held at 7 p iii Thursday in the < ontinuing E d u c a ­ tion ( enter 
Ralph I 
Th omas, pre­ sident of the San Antonio 
K c o n o m ic Dev elopm ent 
Foundation, will discuss 
“ San Antonio Increasing its C areer Opportunities 
Thro ugh! E c on om ic De* 
\ e l o p m e n t ” at the d i n ­ ner 
A (canel d i s c u s s i o n , c cosponsored icy the si 
Mary s ( anipus Ministry 
O f f ic e , will be held 
Wednesday afternoon on 
I Tee E n terp rise 1 hat- l e d g e s a nd 
E x p e c t a ­ tions 
P an elists will include 
Dr s 
T h o m a s iireeti- h u rg si 
Alary * r e ­ search professor her free e n t e r p r i s e , B r o 
J o h n 
Totten S M , prolessor ol philosophy, ami Dr Ain- cent Lad ch airm an id the 

 univ ersity s e c o n o m ic s department 
Roy i liisiu a senior accounting tnator at Hic university, will respond oil belial! ot business school students 

\< quired 

I a tidy a c q u i r e d t he* chain vvhen the* company had nine outlets, sales of 
MI million and a nega­ tive net worth cd H i million. 
T o d a y . T a n d y ( o r p operate* 5.WHI retail out­ l e t s. a n d ha s a l e s of 
$741 7 million for the* past fiscal year 
Tandy en tere d the* f a ­ mily business in 1947. and a ss um ed control in 1963 
He* is a d i r e c t o r cd a n u m b e r cd f i r m s a u d corp ora l ions inclu ding f li st I lilted A aile ot (cor­ al ion 
Inc 
B i e r I I m ­ ports Pioneer American 
In su ra n ce t o , K u n i a ii 
Inc 
A Icon I .a horal uric* 
K o b i n t e c h anet D i l l a r d 
D e p a r t m e n t s u c r e s in 
ElltIt* Rock 
He w a s h o n o r e d by 
Financial AA oriel last year a s one uf the tup IU cinel executive officers . 

Ii alsc* found a "fairly high- degree of coordina­ tion within the utility, te x t i l e . t r u c k i n g , aerospace, lodging, retail a nd autom otive* i n ­ dustries 
Found unable 

By c o n t r a s t . t he* c h e ­ mical. steel. <nl. palier. m i n i n g , elect r u n i c * , c o m p u t e r and food In­ dustrie’s were* unable to dev ise s t a n d a r d m e a ­ s u r e m e n t t e c h n i q u e * . 
Bac he found. 

The new r e p la ce m en t c cist data could be most useful. Bache suggested, in bringing out distor- t ions iit a c o m p a n y s conventional accounting. which c arries a ss erts at 
“ historical.” or original. I cost and b ase s depreeia- ' lion c h a r g e s on that fi- , gun* 

As a r e s u l t . 
B a c h e sale! a c ompany could be* r e p o r t i n g i m p r e s s i v e earnings univ because Its relatively old productive plan! vvus a l m o s t HHP depreciated and thus re­ q u ired univ m in im a l yea rly d e p r e c i a t i o n charges 
Iii ac tuality the “ i m ­ pressive” earnings might Im* less than need­ ed to keep the company iii business by replacing its e xhausted productive* capacity 
In a period of rapid in­ flation. two c o m p a n i e s wi t h n e a r l y i d e n t i c a l 
(Hants could report very d i f f e r e n t f i n a n c i a l r e ­ sults merely because the two plants wc*re bu lit a lew years apart 

As a first ste p in inter priding re place men t da ta analysts were advisee t** ch I e r m i n e how the 
(company d e f i n e d it* 
1 produ ct ive ca p dcit v 
Did the term include al fixed a sse ts cir were eel lain lines ut business in tended to tie abandoned 
M ere there sp e c ia l lac tors — new antliMiilutlot s t a n d a r d s , for example 

— t h a t c o u l d alle ct Hic cowl of new plant ? 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

S e a s o n a l l y A d j u s t e d N e w O r d e r I n d e x I n d u s t r i a l S u p p l i e s a n d M a c h i n e r y 

2oo 

19o 

18o 

17o 

16o 

ISO 

14o 

13o 

12o 

HO 

IOO 

9o 

T W I I V i l l AO >NG I N D l C A T O B i 

 e i V t R S t 
T B I N O i O J U S T I O 

P I V I S I O I N D I X 

»•—* 

S t i S O N A U V A D J U S t l O N I W O r i o l e I N D I X 

I N D U S T B I A I S U B P I U S A N O M A C H I N I S T 

V ...— " 

 r e b S I A S O N A l i t 
A O r U S T I o I N O I X 

' N O U S I B I Al P B O O U C T I O N 

M A N O * AC t U B I V D U B A B IF 

2oo 
' 

19o 

18o 

17o 

16o 

15o 

14o 

13o 

12o 

 n o 

IOO 

9o 

1971 
1972 
1973 
974 
1975 
1976 

Winter could chill part of tax plan 

New orders increase 

Tin* December new order index rose to 178.7. up H 8 points or 4 four per cent from November, marking a 3o.5 point increase, or ’JOH per cent. over De­ cember a year ago, according to fi­ gures supplied bv the American Sup­ ply & Machinery Manufacturers’ As­ sociation. Inc.t ASMMA). 
The 197H new order index average is 
1o5.4, up 23.1 points, or 1o.2 per cent 

Read 
Noddy w 

Stinson 

Every Day in the Express. 

TIRED OF HIGH 
MEAT PRICES? 

THEN SEE (Hilt FUEL COLOR 
MEAT 
AD 
IN 
TODAY'S 
COLOR comics: 

IHM SK OK 
O V A LITY VI KATS 

7o49 S A N PEDRO • 344-4571 

 over the 1975 average 
The index is a two-month moving average, seasonally adjusted 
FRB index 
The Federal Reserve Board Index of 
Production Manufactures for durable goods seasonally adjusted for 
De­ cember rose to 124.7, up o.3 points, from November 
This represents an increase of 1o.3 points, or nine per cent, over De­ cember figures a year ago. 
The F R B 197B average index jumped to 121.ti, which is an increase of 12.2 points, or 11.2 per cent, over the 1975 average. 
Also charted is the composite index of 12 leading indicators, reverse trend adjusted According to ASMMA re­ ports. this is the first indicator that starts up when business is picking up and is included here for comparison purposes 
Petitt elected to post 

Richard J. Petitt has been appointed senior vice president of C hur­ chill National Bunk, an­ nounced Frank Finch, president 

Petitt will hell) estab­ lish policies and proce­ dures for the bank's lending area. and set up a b u sin e s s development program. 

Base period for the new order index is 19B7-B9, with 19H7 for the other two indices. All figures arc derived from 
KH) for the base periods. 

By HOBART ROWEN 
WASHINGTON - The hitter and cruel cold wave from which the nation has been suffering has caught the Carter adminis­ tration in a bind. 
It had carefully worked out a “ ba­ lanced” economic stimulus package designed to “ tread the fine line,’’ as chief economic adviser Charlie 
SchulUe put it. between doing too much and doing too little. 
In moving cautiously, mostly to as­ sure the business community that wild-eyed radicals hadn’t moved into town, Mr. Carter took the chance that his allies among the blacks and labor leaders would give him a break, and not push too openly for more. 
Mostly, although there has been some grumbling that the package does too little for young people and blacks, and almost nothing for the hard­ pressed cities. Carter seemed to be getting away with it. 
Schultze, along with Treasury Se­ cretary VV. Michael Blumenthal and 
OMB Director Bert Lance, convinc­ ingly sold the pitch that there was only so much that could be done to create public jobs or start new public works. 

 and that the only way to crank some quick stimulus into the economy is via the tax rebate route. 
Even so, unemployment would bare­ ly edge under 7 per cent by the end of this year. 
Program skids 
But then Mr. C arter’s program skidded on the wintry ice. The devas­ tating weather clearly has boosted the 

Real estate named new 

John 
I) 
Baines has announced 
Hint lits commercial and investment real estate firm. .John I). Baines Pro­ perties, has been named exclusive agent for Ray Ellison Industries. 

As agent for Ray Ellison Industries. 
Baines said his firm will coordinate sales of commercial properties and assist primarily in tin* development of shopping centers and allied projects. 

Baines revealed plans for a major retail shopping facility in the southwest quadrant of the city. 

•John I) Baines Properties recently closed the largest commercial real estate land transaction in the city’s history with the $5 million sale of a 
7o-acre tract of land located on YValzem 
Rd., a block east of Windsor Park 
Mall The site, sold by Ray Ellison 
Industries to Charles VV. Windham, will feature the nation’s largest Fed 
Mart Store with 22o.(KHI square feet 

Baines claimed that the listing with 
Hay Ellison Industries coupled with his firm s previous listings tops the 
81oo million mark. 

 firm is agent 

JO H N D. BA IN ES 

The Week 
In Business 

 cost of heating fuels, and resulted in factory shutdowns that mean a loss of pay for hundreds of thousands. 
No one really knows how many or how much, but Schultze concedes that the extra cost of keeping warm this winter may total more than $5 billion. 
Other studies suggest a figure of $8 billion to $1o billion. 
The extra dollars paid the utility companies are “ like an excise tax on consumers,” Schultze told a sobered 
Carter Cabinet. Put it another way: It’s like another big OPEC price increase, the very opposite of a tax stimulus. 
Making a conservative guess, it would appear that about half of Mr. 
Carter’s projected IIH billion stimulus for this fiscal year has already been chewed up. Yet. the administration postpones a decision on a bigger pack­ age. 
Unrecoverable 
Why? As Schultze says, it is always possible, if the cold spell ends quickly enough, that much of the loss will be recovered later in the year as factories process hack orders, and workers catch up in overtime. 
But it seems inevitable, at this stage, that there will be some net loss to the cold spell which will have to be com­ pensated for with a large stimulus. 
And here’s the rub. which fairly drives labor and civic leaders up the wall: In all probability, the Carter ad­ ministration, if forced to beef up its original package, will ask for more tax cuts, not more jobs programs in 1977. 
If heating bills rise about $17o per household, as a calculation by the Li­ brary of Congress shows, a tax rebate of $2oo for a typical family isn't going to leave enough for anything but bub­ ble gum. 
The weather crisis reinforces, rather than weakens, the tax-cutting strategy. 
The hard fact is that Congress could authorize more billions for public ser­ vice jobs or public works, but almost everybody who knows anything about these things (including labor leaders) will admit privately that such a step would be a phony gesture. 
It would create few more jobs in 1977 than are in the Carter progtam. The 

 devastating effects of the 1974-75 re­ cession can't be cured with a wave of the congressional checkbook. 
The evidence, based on what hap­ pened in other tax-cutting episodes, is that the Carter package (augmented if necessary to offset whether effects) will set off enough “ macro” waves in the economy to boost the Gross Na­ tional Product and increase the growth rate some. 
It is less likely to have dramatic, beneficial results on the unemployment rate. especially among blacks, until some time in 1978 when more direct job aids can be swung into line. 
“ Cutting taxes,” according to Ver­ non Jordan of the National Urban 
League, “ is always popular, but it does hing for the poor and near-poor, who pay no taxes or minimal taxes.” In other words, as Adelaide, the hoofer in 
“ Guys and Dolls” complains, “ the medicine doesn’t seem to get anywhere near where the trouble is." 
Clicked heels 
The meaning of all of this. I believe. is that having paid homage to the con­ cerns of the business community, Mr. 
Carter is now going to have to move out, and be a little bolder. The Nixon and Ford administrations clicked heels for eight years, to the demands of the business community, and managed to produce recessions in four of them, with record federal deficits to boot. 
But there are encouraging signs in 
Mr. Carter’s accelerated feelers this week for some kind of a voluntary 
"incomes policy” to subdue excessive wage and price pressure. 

Salespeople are honored 

Outstanding salespeople in the com­ munity will be honored Feb. 14 at the 
Distinguished Salesman Award Ban­ quet. according to Ladd Little, general chairman for the banquet. 
Featured speaker will be I. Thomas 
Sheppard, director of the Bureau of 
Business and Economic Research at the University of Texas at El Paso. 
The banquet w ill be held at the Plaza 
Club. 
He said the awards banquet is held each year during National Salesman’s 
Month and is designed to give public recognition for outstanding proficiency in salesmanship. 
Those honored this year are: Penny 
Dyer, Autophone of San Antonio: John 
Guerra and Charles Trainmen, South­ western Bell Telephone Co.; Jim Has­ sell and Dave Huddleston, Plains Ma­ chinery; Gus Riojas, Knowlton’s; Pa­ tricia Kamperman and Bill Henderson, 
Deanie Owens Co.; and Duane Ahern, 
George Hodges and Charles Starr, New 
York Life Insurance Co. 

RICHARD A. BOTHE has been named president of the American 
Bank. Making the announcement was Chairm an of The Board of 
Directors, Mr. Sam Rosenstein. 

American Bank is proud to wel­ come Mr. Bathe as its new presi­ dent. His banking exp erien ce, spanning a decade, will serve as a forceful, positive factor in the fu­ ture growth of American Bank. 

With much of his career in the banking industiy spent in execu­ tive posts, Mr. Both© brings dyna­ mic leadership qualities to the 
American Bank. We look forward to continuing as a major financial force in growing north San Antonio. 

Our new president, Richard A. 
Bothe: another Good Move from 
American Bank. 

Our new 
I 
American Bank 
President * 

41o & 
BROADWAY 
FDIC 

Grand champion will be judged Monday afternoon 

Early Munday after­ noon one young person is going to be the happiest person in Texas. 
That moment w ill come when Dr. Bill Able, associate professor of department of animal science, Kansas State 
University, will slap one of 14 breed champions and thus name it grand champion steer of the 
San Antonio Livestock 
Show and Rodeo. 
This final judging i i i the steer division will be in the Dairy Arena of Joe 
Freeman Coliseum. 

Ihe happiness will come from pride in the knowledge that he or she has done a great job in raising the steer and from the realization that a big sum of money will be paid at the auction 
Friday for the winner 
Last year’s champion steer, raised by Wendell 
Geeslin of Hamilton, brought $2o.(M(t) from the 
Sehlitz Brewing Co. 

Of course, there will In* a little sadness. It is im­ possible for a young per­ son to spend as much 

CaulLei□iiMar 

By Bill C u n n in g ! lam 

 time and energy on a steer as these young peo­ ple do without developing a genuine affection for the animal. 
There also will be mo­ ments of sadness for 13 other owners of breed champions when they realize their animals will not be the grand cham­ pion. 

S p ee</Fad-Crete, the buildii system that saves you time and money! if* 

H ere’s How: 

1 Io«t( overhead and lob wit i h Ii 
Overhead and lobor at th# (ob wit auount tor on in creating shat of budding loth Speed fob (ret* tuts 
(Mb by mow producing panel* al our plant obit# th# foundation and slob a t boing poured ram li art thtn delivered to tho (Ob vita and quickly trocttd 

2 A dtuan build compony 
Speed fob G alt bn lull planning design and building capabditws bom your idea to Hit fimshtd product Wt will oho work from your pions 

3 low momfertome and insurance costs 
Thoro s nothing to wow out on a Speed fob Crete building end rf decorative aggregates art used. no pointing is necessary lecause its mode of cond tie, insurance idles ore tow 

4 Speed el construction 
(•cause Speed fab (tele is o modulo! system, ton- struct ion lime is cut considerably This results in towel rn. loom finance coifs end callot occupancy 

5 team management 
We ofter a single responsible source lei design and ion. struct tan ot • guaranteed price within e specified time period 

4 Highest quality lecause Speed fab Croft buddings ait mode at cencrete and steel, tonga lam loons we available You lust con I buy • betiei building at ary put* 

While touching on the subject of auctions, it might be the time to mention that buyers at­ tending the John M ar­ shall Jun ior Livestock 
Show base to be among the most loyal in the ar­ ea. 
It was cold in the metal auction building. In fact. it was bitter cold. 
But most of the buyers stayed right there, some shivering, and kept bid­ ding to make the sale the most successful in lls history. . 
The school s Future 
Farm ers of America 
Booster ( luh. the voca­ tional agriculture teaching staff and the students did a remarka­ ble job in building such 
| spirit among the buyers 
Ten breeds of cattle have 

WAREHOUSES as low as 
IwiMtog under roof 15,ooo eg. ft. or more 
_ 

Price mc iud®*: 

•wilding IOO I IM 
Slob and foundation on your level 

 me, prtcovt 4 in loodboamg waih I? fl High; steel bor 
(on!, 3aly built up roof iyif*m with 2? gauge metoi deck mg and VS mwlohon. 2 atef personnel dows, 2 steel» I 
* overhead doors, 14 gouge metal louie, scuppers f O I 
3o milos San Antonio aaa All pruts may vary slightly a different plants and distances 

Yantis we w a n t rn pion), burked to |ob Ute end quickly 
I and welded into place tierfodi 

CALL PLANT NEAREST YOU 

San Antonio............SI2/696-333o 

R o b sto w n ...................... 512/367-4555 
Austin................ 512/454-7911 

O ft* Want! rn. M World, dodos, Houston, 
H em eaved*. Ate. — K eo aru*, Arts. — Mongo- t ode, Comm — I lo of a nile, ll. — ItoovfNo, Mo 
— Car**® Qty Mar — Hs«b bant. N C 

 been added to the steer division competition at the San Antonio Lives­ tock Show and Rodeo since it opened in 195o with four breeds. 
And each year new breeds are shown in the breeding cattle exhibit area in the steer arena. 
Last year the Mar- chighana and the Ameri­ can breed were show n for the first time. 
Before the 1977 show is over several other breeds will have been on exhibit for the first time. 
The first three or four trips through the arena each year always are en­ joyable because of ex­ pectation of seeing some of these new breeds and finding out something of their characteristics. lOOth convention 
The 199th annual con­ vention of the Texas and 
Southwestern 
Cattle 
Raisers Association will be held in the Tarrant 
County 
Convention 
Center i i i Fort Worth 
March 2o-23 

Iffr 

 f i S : 

R IC H A R D H A N Z (right) accepts an a w a r d fo r the C o m a l C o u n try 
Y o u n g F arm e rs C h a p te r for o u t­ s t a n d in g r a d io a n d t e le v is io n publicity. G a ry O dom , state p re ­ sident of the Y ou n g Farm ers of 
Texas, presented the aw ard. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

Pressing job 

T E C H N IC IA N S clamber over the heaviest tire in the world to get its “ footprints.” W eighing in at I 2,5o o lbs., the I I -foot-tall tire, is subjected to a stress test of 3 5 o ,o o o lbs. Developed by 
G oodyear for loaders in the mining industry, it lists for $5o,ooo. 
COMPUTERS 

CONTINUED FROM PAGE I G about 5.ooo copies of a 3o-page maga­ zine,” he says, “ but the actual publi­ cation num ber of the publication.” first issue was 5o,ooo copies of a 
1oo-page 
Nou. a year and two months lajer. he says, the circulation is 75,ooo. 
So. what do you do with these new computers? 
“ The uses are almost as diverse as those people who buy them,” says one electronic' aficionado. 
A lot of people just enjoy tinkering with machines." says Meyer. “ It s the idea of having a device that can play against you — trying to outguess the computer " 
Howland says the uses range from preparing simple tax records to con­ trolling household appliances like burglar alarms. One owner uses his computer to set up annuity tables for figuring out loan payments. 

A nother uses his to teach his da u g h te r fou rth -grad e m ath. The com puter has been program m ed to teach the fundamentals in the guise of a game where she is rewarded with inputs for scoring correct answers. 

Entertainment 

Currently the computer is mainly used for personal entertainment, says 
Meyer. “ We're only just beginning to think about, the practical uses as well” 
He says he feels the real applications will come when the small businesses and professional people begin to use the devices for figuring payrolls and keeping patient files. 
But that may still be only the begin­ ning. says Howland. “ Some experts say that 5(1 per cent of the dollar vo­ lume generated in the industry by 198o will come from ideas not vet thought of” 
Excellent 
Investment ^ 
Opportunity 

D epartm ent of H ousing and U rban D evelopm ent invites bids on the follow ing p ro p e rtie s 

" 
Timber Ridge Apartments, 
Edmond, Oklahoma 

A partially completed project consisting of eight one- and two-story buildings containing 62 units plus a one-story accessory building and cabana located at the intersection of Danforth and Boulevard Streets. 

Sooner Mall Townhouses, Tulsa, Oklahoma 

Seventeen two-story walk-up buildings containing 86 units plus a one- story accessory building located at 2121-2137 South 117 East Avenue. 

Oakdale Apartments, Kerrville, Texas 

Eight two-story walk-up buildings containing 81 units, plus two ac­ cessory buildings located at 9o5 Paschal Avenue. 

MINIMUM PRICE: 
TERMS: 
REQUIRED DEPOSIT: 

BID OPENING DATE: 

No Staled Minimum 
All Ca*h Net to HUD 
5 c/c of Offering Price with Bid; 
Balance at Closing 
March 16,1977 

San Miguel Facility, Concord, California 

A one-story building (originally designed for use as a convalescent hospital) located at 1o5o San Miguel Road. 

MINIMUM PRICE: No Stated Minimum 
TERMS: All Cash Net to HUD 
REQUIRED DEPOSIT: $3o,ooo with Bid; Balance at 
Cloning 
BID OPENING DATE: May 4 ,1 9 7 7 

A D D IT IO N A L M U L T IF A M IL Y 
P R O P E R T IE S A RF O F F E R E D . A mailing list ia maintained for investor* having a nationwide interest htrn tly in 
Multifamily Properties. As soon as a property becomes available, the P r o e ­ ms to automatic .illy mailed to you To have your name placed on this mailing list, write on your letterhead to A e ad­ dress shown below. 

O BTAIN P R O SPE C T U S FO R AD D I­ 
TIO N A L 
IN FO R M A TIO N . 
All bids must conform to pro»pe< tus issued by the 
D epartm ent Mail coupon for prospectus. 

SEA LED B ID S H I X BE R E C E IV ED 
AND PU BEICXY O PE N E D AT 1 1 :o o 
A.M. LOCAL T IM E ON D ATES IN . 
DICTATED AT ADD RESS SHOW N 
B ELO W . 

The Purchaser must provide, for pay­ ment of the full purchase price in c u lt 

Personnel departments changing their names 

NEW YORK — More and more com ­ panies have renamed the head of their personnel departments, and it appears to be more than cosmetic. 
The new title often in­ volves the term “ human resources,” perhaps vice president of human re ­ sources. perhaps director of human resources. 
The H ew lett-Packard 
Co., the Bendix C orp. and the Brunswick Corp. are am ong those to have made the move. 
The 
“ hum an r e ­ sources” aspect carries the implication that the post involves a broad group of w ork-reJated activities and helps put the personnel head in top 

By 
ELIZABETH M. 
FOWLER 
N EW YORK t im e s s e r v ic e 

 management. 
Arnold H. Deutsch of 
Deutsch, Shea and Ea- vans, Inc., a m a n a g e ­ ment consulting firm , likes the new term and wishes the government would adopt it. 
He would like to see 
President-elect Jim m y 
C arter renam e the De­ partm en t of Labor the 
D epartm ent of Human 
Kesouroes. _____________ 

He explains his thinking partly in terms of three econ nm ic basics 
— land, capital and la­ bor. “ We speak of capital resources, we speak of land as a resource and now why not more e m ­ phasis on labor as a resource?” he said in an interview. 

Overdue 
Deutsch believes that better allocation of hu­ man resources with go­ vernm ent help is long overdue and would help reduce unemployment as well as help m a n a g e ­ ments plan ahead. 
For example, there is the problem of mobility. 
There are many specific 
Johnson Wax acquires 
Micro-Gen Equipment 

Micro-Cien Equipment 
Corporation has been ac­ quired by S C. Johnson and Son, Inc., maker of 
Johnson Wax. 
The announcement w as' made by Jack Moll, vice president, m ergers and acquisitions, of the firm. 
B.W. Coleman, presi­ dent of Micro-Gen since 
1971, will serve as presi­ dent of the new s u b s i­ 

 diary. according to Xoll. 
Details of the transac­ tion were not revealed. 
The 
Racine, 
Wis.- hased firm manufactures and m ark ets chem ical specialty p roducts for com m ercial and consum er use. It o p er­ ates with associated com panies in 
38 countries, he said 
Micro-Gen, which em ­ 

 ploys 27 people, makes and m a rk e ts chem ical dispersal equipment for use in the pest control and food processing in­ dustries as well as in ho­ spitals and government installations overseas, said Coleman. 

He said the local oper­ ations will rem ain unchanged. 

 job openings in various parts of the country long unfilled because the par­ ticular talent is not avai­ lable locally. 

A few y e a rs ago, 
Deutsch pointed out, a major bus system offered cheaper fares for persons needing to relocate to find jobs “ Why couldn’t the government do this on a widespread basis?” he asked, adding, " It would be cheaper than paying u tieiiipIoyinent insurance.” 

The D e p artm ent of 
Human Resources might have the mobility of labor 
— enabling w orkers to move where jobs are — as a prime responsibility. 

"W e have m anpow er m yopia." he said. "We need more planning for human re so u rc e s.” Ile believes that effective planning on the govern­ ment level w ill help close the “ ever-widening gap between the character of the work force and r e ­ q u ire m e n ts of the job market.” 

Important 

 lh> points out that cur­ rently there is little ef­ fective forecasting of la­ bor needs, and he suggests that this should becom e an im ­ 

 portant assignment lot a 
D epartm ent of Human 
Resources 
“ It should sound the alarm when a shortage of 

 certain workers appears or when we are produc­ ing too m any train ed persons for job,” he said particular 

We are pleased to announce the appointment of 

ROGER 
CHRISTIAN 

VICE PRESIDENT 
CREATIVE DIRECTOR 

THE PITLUK GROUP 
Advt ‘rosing Morketing/Public Relations 
1oO Richmond By The River ban Antonio Texas 762o5 

S*nd mc immediately without obligation a 
Propped aa for 

D EPA RTM EN T CMI 
HOUSING AND 
URBAN D EV ELO PM EN T 

Oflk*« of Property Disposition 
Housing 
Room m i 
451 7th Street, h W. 
Haxtun* ton, IXC. 2o41o 

Mail this coupon today to obtain prospectus 
■ HUD 
■ 
■ 
■V 

 ii 
■ 

(Name of Property) 

Naim 

Address, l=JS 
EQUAL HOUSING ™ 
OPPORTUNITY 

 si n 

%FEB. 14th-18th. 

Everyone's invited! 

The Bank with a Heart is seven­ teen years old and we want to share this occasion with yon. 

Como in and have some cake, cookies, coffee or cokes. Itll give us a chance to say 'Thank Yon" for making the last 17 years so heartening. 
^ 

A special attraction has been 

 planned for your enjoyment. A real money display 

 show ing currency in use from early days of our 

 country to the present. It is in our bank lobby so 

 come have a look. 

Deposits: 
Government Securities: 
Loans: 
Total Assets: 

196o 
$55,173 
NONE 
NONE 
$455,825 

197o 
$6,347,416 
$1,o35,94o 
$5,o42,48o 
$7,676,568 

1977 
$38,242,224 
$17,857,o41 
$18,9o7,5o2 
$42,549,565 

T E X A S S T A T E B A N K 
■ u n in|v{« vt ■ c r c i n r 
• A 
Jaw ,„A Ka aa KidnAflr A Sp A SJP Ka 

A R E G R O W IN G 

T A f lR T H P H 
A \JP wdi AA A A A AA A% 
□ 

TEXAS 
STATE 
BANK ll l l 
The bank with a Heart 
811 South W.W. White Road 
• 
Phono 333-62 IO 

M em ber F.D.I.C. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Our best customers were Xerox users. 

More than one out of every two customers who purchase the Savin 
77o plain paper copier do so at the expense of Xerox. 

One reason thousands of offices have switched to the 77 o is its reputation for reliability. A lot of other copiers who repute to be reliable end up getting more service than they give. Our machine has been designed to keep working. Our paper moves in a simple paper path from storage cassette to reproduction through the shortest possible distance. Fifty percent of all paper jams are caused by long, twisting paper paths. Obviously, less distance travelled means less chance for jam-ups. The Savin 77 o copy travels a total of twelve in­ ches. In some Xerox machines, copies travel over four feet! 

Another reason is the copy itself. Ours are always clean, clear and needle sharp— regardless of the original. Even the most difficult copy to make, colored ink on colored paper, reproduces flawlessly. 
That’s because the Savin 77o has a mind. 

An electronic brain scans each document first, then automatically makes whatever adjustment it thinks necessary to produce a perfect copy every time, whether you copy on to one side or two. 

The clincher is economy. You’ll be amazed at how inexpensive it is to copy with the Savin 77 o. 

Whatever the reasons, the facts are clear. The Savin 77 o plain paper copier is turning up everywhere you turn today. You can’t miss it, it s where the Xerox used to be. 

Call us for a demonstration— we’ll do it right in your office. 

-t a i i 

SAVIN 
BUSINESS 
MACHINES 
® CORPORATION 

COPY 
DISTRIBUTING 
COMPANY, INC 

1215o VALIANT DR. 

SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 78216 

YOU ALREADY OWN HALF 
OF THE WORLD’S BEST 
WORD PROCESSING SYSTEM 

SAVIN WANTS 
YOU TO OW N 
THE OTHER HALF 

 lf your office has an IBM Selectee* typewriter, that’s half the system. 

The other half is the Savin Word Master'". Plug it into an IBM Selec­ tee with our special baseplate and suddenly it becomes the fastest, simplest method of getting words on paper ever invented. 

The Word Master lets your secretary edit, revise, make corrections 

 and automatically turn out correspondence at the blazing speed of 
I 5o words per minute. 
COPY 
DISTRIBUTING 
COMPANY, INC. 

1215o VALIANT DR 

SAN ANTONIO. TEXAS 78216 
342-4111 

/ 
* 

She will never retype a letter again. You will never hesitate to make last-minute revisions, additions or deletions. The incredible Word 
Master makes every letter you write letter perfect. 

Unlike cumbersome word processing systems that require elaborate installation, the Word Master is portable. 

Also, unlike conventional word processors, it costs a great deal less to buy. 

So if you’re looking for the world’s best word processor, look no further than your own office. You already own half the system. To find out how to get the other half send the coupon below. 

I f I \ 
I 
I I BUSINESS 
I— I I \ I l l MACHINES 
I 
I 
V 
I 
ICORPORATION 

" SAVIN AND SAVIN LOGOTYPE ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS 
OF THE SAVIN BUSINESS MACHINE CORPORATION 

"'XEROX IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF THE XEROX COR­ 
PORATION 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb 
13 1 9 7 ; 
Poge 
5 G 
The Revolutionary New Process 
In Office Copiers 

Any Copier System That Promises To Save You 
Money Shouldn’t Cost You A Fortune. 

See the 

Performs As Good As It Looks 

PRINT-QUALITY COPIES — New Dri-Tone process. No liquids. Monotoner replenishing. High contrast Bond-like copies with the look and feel of fine printed literature. 

ROLL-FEED & SHEET-FEED — 
Copies are trimmed to size from a roll of paper inside. 
Single-sheet bypass lets you switch from roll paper to dif­ ferent size sheets without reloading the copter. 

COPIES UP TO I l " x l 7 " — 
Copy colors, photos, draw ­ ings, form letters, legal papers 
— anything up to 
I l " x l 7 " in size. Copy books and 3D items. Double-hinged cover for better exposure of dimensional items. 

COMPACT & PORTABLE — 
Rugged, high-style molded housing with desk-top com­ pactness. Only 2 9 " long, 1 9 . 7 5 " deep, and I 1.5" high. It plugs into any standard I 1oV, 6 o Hz. outlet. 

AUTOMATIC OPERATION — Dial the number of copies you need — I to 
2o. O r, set it on "continuous" for long production runs, All controls are at your fingertips. 

■ EASY 
TO 
OPERATE, 
LOAD 
AND SERVICE — No special operator needed. Light signals when paper or maintenance is needed. Get inside easily for fast paper reloading, service, or component changes. 

ATTRACTIVE 
PRICE, 
TO O ! 
Bond like copies at a fraction of the cost of a bond copier. 

1 21 so v a l i a n t d r 

COPY DISTRIBUTING COMPANY, INC. 
342-4111 

1215o V A L I A N T DR 

DISTRIBUTED BY COPY DISTRIBUTING COMPANY 
SERVING THE NEEDS OF SAN A N T O N IO 
FOR THE PAST I 4 YEARS 

A p e c o 

JI 

San Antonio EXPRE5S-NEWS-— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
People 
In Business 

At the National Bank of Commerce Sheldon 
Harley Wheeler has been named assistant trust real estate officer. 
Wheeler joined NBC’s trust division in 1975 after 
HO years of service in the U.S. Army. l^ n a r d C. Magruder has been named trustee of Our Lady of the Lake University. 
Magruder is senior vice president of the Frost 
National Bank Correspondent Banking Depart­ ment . 
He also is a member of tin' San Antonio Art 
League and director of the New Age .School. 
First Federal Savings and Loan Assn. of San 
Antonio has promoted Jam es B. Kiel I and Robert 
J. Yasquez to assistant vice president 
Eva J. Filer also has been promoted to assistant secretary. 
Thomas Terrell Fngelke has joined the San 
/Antonio office of Dean Witter & Co. as an account executive. 
Fngelke is accredited by the New York Stock 
Exchange and will handle investment accounts. 
At Data point Corporation. Ken Schmitt has been appointed director of national customer ser­ vice. 
Schmitt's new responsibilities include the coor­ dination of all nationwide customer service field operations. 
Roger Ii. Clark, manager of personnel programs at Datapoint, has been elected president of the San 
Antonio Personnel and Management Assn. 
The 175-member group prov ides for an exchange of information and ideas in the personnel and management fields. 
Zoe Wright has been promoted to sales manager at La Mansion Motor Hotel In her new duties Mrs 
Wright will oversee convention bookings from planning to final stage 
Arthur W. Holt has been named staff manager for the National Life and Accident Insurance Co i i i the San Antonio North district office. 
Hull joined the company in 1971 
At North Star Dodge. Joe Rutan has been ap­ pointed service manager, body manager and body and paint manager 
Rutan has served as parts manager and service manager. 
Melba Rice. Southwestern Regional vice presi­ dent of the National Assn of Bank Women, Inc., will visit the San Antonio Chapter at the Plaza Club in the Frost Bank Tower Saturday. 
Ms. 
Rice is senior vice president of First 
Jacksonville Bank in Jacksonville, Ark 
Joel E lliott has passed the state examination of 
Certified Public Accountants 
Filial is a graduate of MacArthur High School and received a master’s degree in accounting from the University of Texas at Austin 
The soil of Mr. and Mrs Jam es Elliot of San 
Antonio, 
Filial! is employed with the Arthur 
Young, Tax Firm in Houston 
Carlos Pinta has been named supervisor of 
Pilgrim's Alteration and Tailoring Center 
Pinta worked with Clyde Campbell i i i Fort 
Worth for four years 
Morris Mathicu was the guest speaker at groundbreaking ceremonies for a $1 25 million expansion for Northeast Baptist Hospital. 
Pat Holmes spoke at groundbreaking for an identical expansion at Southeast Baptist Hospital. 
Mathieu, vice president of Handy Andy Inc , also is a member of the Baptist Memorial System As­ sociate Board of Trustees. Holmes is superinten­ dent of the Fast Central School District and secre­ tary of the BMUS Board of Trustees. 
Sharrilyn Shaw has joined KSAT-TV as adver­ tising and promotion manager. 
Before coming to the station, Mrs 
Shaw was a public relations account executive at the Pitluk 
Croup 
Michael Crihhle has been named vice president and manager of the Henry S Miller Company’s 
San Antonio division 
Cribble is a member of the San Antonio Board ot 
Realtors, the Texas Assn. of Realtors and the 
Realtors National Marketing Institute 
Bernice Wilhelm has been promoted to sales coordinator for Kroschel Pump and Supply Inc 
Joe Mciuhhin has been named Trainee of the 
Year for 1978 for the San Antonio Aycock Agency of 
Southland Life Insurance Conipanv 

Also with Southland Life, Bill Hilliard has been transferred to San Antonio 

Hilliard just completed three terms in the Texas legislature as a representative from Fort Worth and Tarrant County. 
At Joske's Joyce Derry has liecn promoted to 
Buyer of Boys Clothing and Boys Furnishings. 

Als Derry is a graduate of the store’s executive training program and has boon with Joske’s since 
1973 

Janet Poppe will Income buyer for children's underwear aud Boys J to 7 at Joske's 

Magruder 

Fngelke 

Wright 

Rutan 

Pinto 

Iller 
Marketplace 

The Local Ledger 

I .S. Department el Commerce and M SA will cosponsor a seminar, 
Reducing Energy Costs Through Fnergy Management. Feb 24, and March 
17. 8 .AO a rn. to 4 ’it) p.m., at the Institute of Texan Cultures. HemisFair 
Plaza. The two-part workshop will cover manufacturing, food/food pro­ cessing and retail service industries Enrollment is limited, fee is $49 For more information, cull 227-9147. 
Bexar Diversified. Ine. has announced one-for-onc sto c k sp lit, effectively 
.Ian. 211. and a quarterly la cent cash dividend, payable Feb 2o to stock­ holders of record Jan. 25. Bexar County Savings is an affiliate of Bexar 
County Diversified. Ine. 

( onroy. Inc. has increased lls semi-annual divblend to seven cents a share from five cents a share, payable April I, to stockholders of record Fob 25. 

Swearingen Aviation I orp has announced a record sales year, with to units delivered in 197H. up from 25 iii 197 i and 24 i i i 1971 The company a subsidiary of Fairchild Industries. Inc. has been producing three aircraft m on th ly sin c e O c to b e r 
Fmplovcrs Insurance of Wausau has m o v e d its office to 87oo < rownhill. 
Suite 792 The local office of the Wausau, Wis -based national business insurer w a s formerly located a t 51o8 Broadway 
Southwest Airlines reports preliminary unaudited n e t income ot si 9 million, or IS 92 a share, on revenues of $21 million. This compares with 1975 income before extraordinary item of $2.2 million, or $2 o2 a share, and after extraordinary item of $2 4 million, or $2.18 a share, on revenues of $22 8 million. 
Northern Hills Bank merger into Fort Sam Houston Bank Shares, Inc. has been approved by the Federal Reserve Board. Each share of the stock of 
Northern Hills Bank will be exchanged for six-tenths of a share of f ort 
Sam Houston BankShares, Ine. ('. (A Dunn will continue as Ixiurd chairman, and Russell Brown as president of Northern Hills Bauk. President and chief executive officer of BankShares is F It Kirkpatrick 
<«en Aero. Inc. has been named dealer for the Cessna 441 Turbo-prop The firm was one of three in the world to handle the aircraft, and will receive its first delivery in October. The company has scheduled un open house 
Wednesday, 8 a rn, to 8 p m, for the public. 
San Antonio Apartment Association will conduct a seminar Saturday 
Feb. 19. 9 a iii in the Bicentennial Kin 
Tower, tail NE Loop 41o. Subjects to Im management as a profession and the manager and resident. Registration lei 
For more information, call 828-8228 
Alamo Say lags Association has announced a special cash dividend of eight cents, payable Mar. 15, to stockholders of record Jan 15 The extra cliv blend. said the company, is in addition to the regular 12 cent quarterly dividend paid Jan. IS. Alamo Savings reported net income, unaudited, of $1.5 million, or $4 47 a share, based on an overage 239,217 shares outstanding 

, lower level, of the Alamo Saving? 
■ covered will Im* manager altitude relationships between the owner, is $2o per |w*rson. $3o for couples 

It could pay to check around for credit rates 

NEW YORK - Bankers are forever com­ ing up with new credit packages to accom­ modate changing needs — like the 48-month automobile loans because tilt' old 38-month limit just isn’t enough. 
Some customers can he given more room to cope wilh rising auto prices with variable payment mortgages that help cou­ ples tailor monthly charges closer to income. 
Interest rates on auto­ mobile loans vary all over the lot. So do mort­ gage rates. Depending on who handles your financ­ ing, the cost of auto loans, for instance, can range from IO per cent to 
13 per cent or more. On m ortgages, the spread can vary from 8 per cent to 9 per cent. 
I ut (‘rest rates are tax­ deductible, of course, but for most borrowers the saving is likely to he sig­ nificant only if they are in a high income bracket. 
As the difference iii rates suggest, it pays to shop. 
Where to go? 
Commercial banks, for 

By 
RICHARD 
PHALON 
NfcW VORK TIMES SERVICE 

 example, usually offer lower rates than auto­ mobile dealers. 
Thanks to the Truth- 
In-Lending Aet, lenders are required to translate interest charges into an annual percentage rate that takes the declining balance of a loan into ac­ count and makes it easier to compare costs. 

Rates 
In general, the longer the term of a loan, the larger the total interest the borrower pays 
Often, however, lenders will charge a lower basic rate on longer-term automobile loans than on shorter loans. 

Thus the rate might he 
1o.97 per cent on a 
48-month deal but 11.o8 lier cent on 38 months. 
For m ortgage loans, thrift institutions — sav­ ings banks and savings and loan associations — are often cheaper than commercial hanks. 
That is so partly 1><*- cause the thrift institu­ tions tend to specialize in m ortgages, just as the commercial banks tend to concentrate on installment loans. 
Credit unions and fin­ ance companies account for a good chunk of the installment loan field, too. Credit unions usually offer comparatively low rates — randy more than 
12 per cent on the unpaid balance. 
The rates generally re­ flect the not-for-profit orientation of tin* credit unions. 
Finance companies, on the other hand, are very definitely profit-oriented. 
Their interest rates are usually higher than at most commercial banks. 

 partly because — they will often take on loan risks that the commer­ cial banks will not. 
Finance com panies usually will lend on a signature alone, but so­ metimes demand a co­ signer. and under some circumstances will insist on security — a chattel mortgage on household furnishings, for example. 
Lower 
I ut (‘rest rates on s e ­ cured loans are generally lower than on unsecured loans. Savings banks in 
New York City, for ex­ ample, w ill lend up to 9o per cent of the value of a custom er’s savings a c ­ count at rates ranging from 5 3/4 per cent for six months to 7 per cent for up to three years. 
The rates on other col­ lateral — securities, for instance — arc higher thail on passbook loans. 
Many suburban com ­ mercial banks will lend at H percent on listed se­ curities, but generally for not more than 5o 

 percent of market value. 
The restriction gives the lender protection against a possibility of a decline in the v alue of the stock. 
Tin* paid-up v aloe of 

 life insurance can he borrowed against, too. also at comparatively low rates — 5 per cent in New 
York Stale and 8 per cent in New Jersey and Con­ necticut. 

Winn’s reports record 
Winn’s Stores, Inc. re­ ports that its 1978 net income was the highest ever by the variety store chain. 
The chain's not income for last year was $3 9 million, a 31 4 per cent increase over over 1975 figures of $2.98 million 
Der share earnings for 
1978 were $3.89. com ­ pared to $2 98 for 1975. 
Lynn ll 
Sp ears, the company’s board chair­ man 
He also said that sales for 1978 rose to $8o 4 mil­ lion. also a record for the company. This compared to 1975 sales of $53.2 mil­ lion. and represented a 
13.5 per cent increase over 1975 sales 
Net income for the fourth quarter was $1 91 million, compared with 
$1.3 million for the simi­ lar 1975 period 
Der share earnings for the fourth quarter of 1978 were $1 92. compared to 
1975 fourth quarter earn­ ings per share of $1.31. for an increase of 48 3 per cent 
Fourth quarter sales reached $19 8 million, a 
12.2 per cent increase over 1975 fourth quarter sales of $17.7 million, said Spears. 

I 
I 
JII 
II 
I 
I 

II 
II 

INVENTORS 

IF YOU HAVE 
A BETTER 
“ IDEA” 
/ / T V 
NEW PRODUCT 
• AN INVENTION • 
• IMPROVEMENT ON AN EXISTING 
PRODUCT THEN Call or W rlta... 
INTONATIONAL INVENTORS, INC Tit* ACTION PEOPLE 
Out ol H* larpMt, best known and ratpactad companias at our kind, fill in Hw coupon and mail to 13oo NE Loop 41o, Suite 2o61, San Antonia, 
Toros 73217. CAU OR SENO 
NAME .................. 
ADORESS ................ 
PHONE ................... 

*.-1:4. 

ZIP 
CITY............................ STATE 
FOK OUK FRS! BROCHURE (5 1 2 ) 8 2 8 -3 5 2 9 

IIII 
I 
J 

 miMns mjLHi 
Sale! Sealy mattresses and foundations at prices that won’t ever keep you awake 

New hat m aker to start 

Imperial Laps. Inc., a mfnufacturcr and whole­ saler of cloth headwear has expanded operations to 
San 
Antonio, an ­ nounced Marvin Malk. president of the Denver. 
( ole.-based firm 
Malk said he hopes operations will begin in early March, pending the finalization of leasing details for an 
8.tMMI-square-font tempor­ ary facility. 
The local operations will employ between 2(1 and 25 people in sewing operations, he said rile plant here will manufacture cloth sports caps 
Malk said the reason for coming here was the 
“ quantity and availabile tv of sewing machine operators. 

District manager named 

( lay Garrett has been named district manager for the SaV'lI and Ptggly 
Wiggly stori* iii San An­ tonio. announced Dan 
Stricklin, president of 
Shop-Rite Foods, 
A 35-year veteran in the retail food bust IX 
Garrett has been manager ol the Sin An­ tonio district and has served as district manager of the stores here 
Garrett, his wife Bar­ bara. have seven chil­ dren and reside at 2822 
Hitching Post. 

Save $ 1 o .o 7 to $7 o .o 7 ! 
“Comfort Crest’’ bedding by Sealy 

TWIN SIZE 
Reg. $6 9.9 5............. 

FULL SIZE 
Reg. $89.95 ea. pc.. 

QUEEN SIZE 
Reg. $249.95 set.. . 

KING SIZE 
Reg. $329.95.......... 
*199 
*259 

-A 
H ( ' " K I * 
Al/ 
X ' if 

Air 

VV- Ok. “> 4 
, r r : 

Mattresses are fully channeled, 

 quilted with layers of 
Sealy foam and have hundreds of in­ 

 nerspring coils. 
Foundations feature torsion bar construction 

 for years of comfort. Covers are 

 a smart, blue floral fabric. 

Our Own Convenient Credit plus 
Master Charge" and BankAmeri- card* 

A 

- , V 

EZ” jf/ 
NI*'** 
'tm..- 
Vt 

T 
' t V , 
T r —» 
. 
W?*V v 
, 

H - y . * 

•¥ f j 

* 

Delivery and set up at no extra charge within delivery area 

■V 

Sealy 

 m g y g & S 
I - - - 
•-'"‘• V * : 

VT 

 i— 

- --j ,-/•»' j* ii "-*4-rr. ' r n 
, 
. 
- 
. a 
* 
‘ , 
* * 
J ■ v 

I* y:hi l l 

■ • sr 
> V , 
H * 
& 
■• rn* 

JX J* 
JJG : 
— S. rn WkT 
* , 
1 St*** '4 V. 

 koudwuy 
9 I o J trMMtway 
•24-94o 2 
opm IM NUA. TW * M. 
Opmi 144 Tima. ftef , let. 
D ow ntow n 
231 L C o tn m tu * 
227-4341 
OpM 144 Km . 4n» Sal. 

•L f M City 
S. Haw Bruunfalt 4 
I Vouttecros* 534-41 81 
o|N IM Mmi.. fkurs, Iii. 
OpMi IM Turn , W* 4 . Ut 
N orte Stet 
I m Ra4ra 4 loop 41o 
342-2331 
OfM IM (Baa., IWn., hi 
Opal IM Im a. D a k $al 
R arotkiris 

Inside 
John Denver 

By JAMES MARTIN 

Despite his radiant smile, the young RGA recording artist looked uncomfortable. Behind the b ea m in g facade there seemed to lurk, quite naturally, the n agging question that plagues everyone in the enter­ tainment business at some point on his way up: 

 lias it all been worth it? Or, mor e specifically, in .John D e n v e r ' s case: 
Were my folks and fr ie nds in T exas right all along? Was I crazy to drop out of college and forego a c a r e e r as an architect for a life of one-night stands 

Sugar or saccharine? 

 hadn t he? H e ’d been for mally in tro ­ duced to the Hollywood music writers. 
F a r O u t ! 
A c o u p l e of d a y s b e f o r e , G r e l u n bandon of RGA had sent te le g ra m s to a b o u t 4(1 rock c r i ti c s a n d e n t e r t a i n ­ m ent edit ors, inviting th e m to m ee t 
J o h n D e n v e r . L e s s t h a n h a l f t h a t n u m b e r showed up, and they seem ed less in t e r e s t e d in the a r t i s t th e y ' d come to meet than in what was on the menu. 
The Hollywood m u s ic w r it e r s , p e r ­ haps the most jaded, insensitive press corp in the world, had expected — and pre f e rred — b rea k f a st with the new with c a tn a p s in an e ndles s s t r i n g of 
Dylan or J a g g e r , not this guy na m ed i a ,iiri.j,- i n n o 
John Denver. 
Holiday Inns 
But here he was, finally on the verge of M ak ing It as a solo a r t i s t — Me, 
Henry Jo hn Deutsehendorf Jr ., a Star! 
He had come to the Ontra Cafeteria that m o rning. March 24, 197(1. within one block or so of Hollywood and Vine, to m eet the press at breakfast. 
So what if it wasn't the Brown Derby a c ro s s the s t re e t; h e ’d still a rr i v e d . 

D e n v e r y e a r s a g o — b e ­ fo r e th e t r e n d y g l a s s e s an d h air a n d sm ile 

Provincial Puck 

They w e r e n ' t th e least im p re s s e d 
Who is this provincial P u c k with the g o l d - r i m m e d g r a n n y g l a s s e s , t h e flower print shirt, and the c h ip m u n k s m i l e ? 
T h e s m i l e , p a r t i c u l a r l y , seem ed phony. One critic would later refer to it as a “ galactic g r i n . " 
What the rock writers didn't know was that Jo hn Denver was already po­ p u l a r in p l a c e s like K a n s a s , Iowa, 
Texas and Missouri, and in cities as large as Washington. D C . They didn't know that with the release of "C ountry 
R oa ds" only one* y e a r hence. Denv er would become a m onste r h it -m aker in his ow ii right 
They d id n ’t know that he was d e s ­ tined to outsell E lto n J o h n and to become almost as big an attraction as 
EK is himself. 
During the next five years, he would record several gold and platinum r e ­ cords. have all of his best hits “ co­ v e re d " by m a jo r recording artists, act dra m ati call y, host talk shows, do his own specials on TV, and a p p e a r before crowds of 2(l.(i(lll or mor e on extensive concert tours both in the I Cited States and Gre at Britain. 
John Denver's parent s were “ Okies" 
— his father from a wheat-and-eotton fa rm outside the little town of Corn, near Washita River west of Oklahoma 

City; his m o th e r from the oil boom city of Tulsa 

D u t c h , a s b t. Col. H e n r y J o h n 
D e u t s e h e n d o r f Sr. is kno wn to i n t i ­ mates, was ail Air Forc e pilot when the couple met. an d he w a s st ati oned at 
W a l k e r Air F o r c e B a s e in R oswell, 
New Mexico when their first son was born. 
It is a curi ous fact that the future 
" J o h n Deliver'' — Henry Jo hn Deuts­ ehendorf. Jr. — c a m e into the world on the very eve of 1942. to the a c c o m p a n ­ iment of firecrackers, penny whistles and the strains of “ Auld b a n g Syne." 
Bul there was a w ar going on, and although Dutch would not fight iii it. he went on the first atomic bombing test flights while stationed at Kwajalein in 
194-). only mo n th s after the U.S. c a p ­ ture of that island from the Ja p a n e s e 
When tin' w ar iii the Pacific ended, occupied J a p a n b e c a m e the home of several U.S. military bases, including 
Tokyo 's Johns on Field, w h ere Dutch w a s a s s i g n e d in 194K. His wife and th eir baby joined h im th e re the fol­ lowing year. Another child. Ronald Loo 
Deutsehendorf. arrived in 194S 

T h e following y e a r Dutch w a s a s ­ signed to Dav is -M o n th an Air F o r c e 
Base at Tucson. Arizona, the family's home for the next nine years. It was the longest thev'd stin a l l w h e r e . 

When the family used H enry Jo h n 
S r . ’s JU day le a v e s fro m d u ty , they made pil gri mag es to O klaho ma, to see r e l a t i v e s iii T u l s a . Co rn a n d C lo ud . 
Chief. It w a s on one of th e s e tr ip s , d u r i n g a st o p - o v e r in R o sw ell, th a t 
J o h n J r . , r e c o r d e d h is first so n g s . 
John won t tell you the story today, but his m o th e r will 
" O u r friends in Roswell had a wire recorder, and we used to go throu gh there on the way from Tucson to O k la ­ h o m a . And we would sto p at t h e s e 
People's house, and Jo h n was always singing. So this m an taped John si ng­ ing. and John said he was seven years old . 
" B u t . uh. J o h n s a n g ‘T h e Hills of 
Virginia.’ and he couldn't say ‘V irgin­ ia’ you know; In' couldn 't pro n o u n c e the ‘V . 
. 
When we got out of the s e n ice, this m a n put it on tape, so then we each had . . . a copy." 
J o h n ’s m a t e r n a l g r a n d m o t h e r w as p ro fic ie n t on both piano an d o r g a n , havin g played both si nce youth 
She als o ha d an old G ib so n g u i t a r that she'd bought new but never learned to play. 
In what mus t rank as the most pro­ pitious event in J o h n 's life, his g r a n d ­ m o t h e r g a v e h im th e g u i t a r . Y e a r s later, he would pay h o m ag e to his s a ­ gacious gran n y throu gh the song " T h i s 
Old G u ita r ," which he says is “ a true sto ry " Aud he still h a s th e i n s t r u ­ ment. 
Boring 

 h o r a while he took lessons on the 
Gibson in T u cso n . But like m a n y a youthful, would-be virtuoso, he found daily practice to be dreadfully boring: scab's and chords. So lie set the Gibson aside and quit the* lessons. 
But it was not just his contem pt for practice which turned him off; there was no im p etu s iii the form of m usic iii the a ir , m u s i c w ith which h e could identify, m u sic he could feel. 
T h i s w ould c h a n g e in 1957* in th e form of gyrating , g a m bolin g whirling derv ish of an e x - t r u c k e r from M e m ­ phis n a m e d Elvis Presley. 
"All of a sudde n there was m u sic on the radio that really appealed to m e . " 
John recalls "I started playing again and just got d e e p e r and d e e p e r into it." 

D e n v e r a s he is k n o w n n o w , sm ile a n d all 

Life in N. Ireland: Bombs, bullets and barbed wire 

By PETER ALMOND 

B E L F A S T - M g *. 
Agnes Nichols, a ho­ mey, m id d le -cla ss woman living in a semi-detached house 

 i i i a suburb, had just discovered that she lived in a war zone. 
For across the street is 
— or was — the Balmoral 
F u r n i t u r e Co. w orkshop and showrooms. 
She had lust found out what h a p p e n s when the 
Irish R e p u b l i c a n A r m y a t t a c k s a c o m m e r c i a l target 
M rs. Nic hols w a s u p ­ s t a i r s m a k i n g th e beds when she he ard a series of s h a r p c r a c k s outside her window. T he startled woman watched a shoot­ out between a gang of 
Provisional IRA bombers who h a d j u s t p l a c e d 

The conflict in Northern Ireland has actually lasted for centuries, and for those who have been living in the latest of It. its violence has become a way of life. 
Their neighborhoods have become “ war zones." City dwellers live and work surrounded by bombproof barricades and guarded by British Army soldiers. Store em ployees frisk custom ers for bombs. 
_ 
Journalist Peter Almond recently spent one week in Northern Ireland, the province in which Catholic and Protestant refuse to live together peacefully. In this first part in a six-part series on the war in Northern 
Ireland. Almond describes the conflict as it is seen by those people who face real or potential violence every day — the middle- and working-class people to whom the “ war zone" is home. 

M P s put lier rn a e a r to se a le d at th e c e n t e r so await her children at the tr a ffi c — a n d p o te n tia l 

 b o m b s in th e f u r n i t u r e sh o w ro o m ', a n d p o li c e and troops win; had a m ­ bushed them. 
" T h e r e w a s s h o o t in g eve rywhere. I saw a sol­ dier on one knee firing an au to m ati c rifle down our street — you know. bung, bun g, bun g, b u n g , v e ry fast," a shaken Mrs. Ni­ c h o l s s a i d t h r e e h o u r s later. 
" T h e r e was a m a n ly­ ing wounded in the road by the front gate calling 

 s o m e t h i n g to h ts p a ls. 
One of the IRA men went a r o u n d the b a c k of o u r h o u s e — we fo u n d th e gun he threw aw ay ." 
As the shooting stopped and the police and troops a d v a n c e d . Mrs. Nichols saw the show room only a few y a rd s aw ay explode in f l a m e a s f o u r g a s - fueled b o m b s d e to n a te d inside. 
“ T h e y w e n t off o n e a f t e r t h e o t h e r . 
T h e w h o le h o u s e s h o o k 
A 

 la m pshade c a m e off. T h e windows blew out of the ho uses along the stre et, lint o u r s a r e o k a y b e ­ c a u s e we h a d t h e w i n ­ dows open." 
Mrs. Nichols was taken f r o m h e r h o u s e by th e m ilita r y police, who b e ­ g u n a h o u s e - t o - h o u s e search for the rest of the 
IRA gan g 
Her main co ncern was for h e r c h i l d r e n , who w e r e d u e h o m e f r o m school any moment. The 

 nearby Lisburn Road. 
Mrs. Nichols re tu rn ed to find tin' view from lier front door c h a n g e d p e r ­ manently. T h e fu rniture s h o w r o o m w a s g u t t e d . 
D a m a g e w a s e s t i m a t e d al $1,75(1,(KHI. 
And the Nichols family is mor e d ete rm in ed than ever to move away from 
B e lf a s t to th e r e l a t i v e safety of A n tr im , w here 
M r 
N i c h o l s is a surveyor. 
Big story 
By m o s t j o u r n a l i s t i c s t a n d a r d s , th e incident should have been a m ajo r n e w s s t o r y . And s o m e new sp apers did headline it the next day. But only o n e r e p o r t e r t a l k e d to 
Mrs. Nichols 
T h e r e a r e s i m p l y loo m an y stories like this in 
Northern Ireland. 
T h e B e l f a s t F i r e D e ­ partmen t has b e fu m e so dis illusioned by deali ng with so man y bomb-blasi fires that it has refused to fight them unless fire­ men gel more “ d a n g e r " mon ey City au th o rities have refu sed to pay. so tin' buildings a re left to burn 
Two v is ito rs r e c e n t ly s e l e c te d a hotel on the edge of Belfast, figuring they would be s u r r o u n d ­ ed by fields, away from trouble. But it was there that they c a m e closest to 
Hu* bombs and bullets. 

They heard and felt the 
Balmoral F u r n i t u r e Co. bombs explode less than a half-mile away. 
Som e say in N o r th e r n I ireland that if you stand I still long enough, trouble will surely find you. Most I people keep moving. 

 e a r b o m b s — c a n n o t 
See IRELAND, Page III 

The Deutsehendorfs wert' in Hie p ro ­ cess of moving again, to Montgomery, 
A l a b a m a , w h e r e J o h n , J r . , w o u ld spend Ins first y e a r as a teenager. 
Like most A ir F o r c e b r a t s . J o h n s uffe re d so m e w h a t from the sort of r o o tle ss life e x p e r i e n c e d by th e la indies ut c are e r s e n icemen ll was iii Montgomery that lie began to p ract ice the g u itar religious!) and without goading from bis folks. There. loo. h e b e g a n lo c o m p o s e , a n d his motlier r e m e m b e r s mailin g one of Ins no ta tio ns to W a s h i n g to n to s e c u r e a copyright. 
Yet no s o o n e r bad lie m a d e s o m e friends in M ontgo mery when bis father was tr a n sfe rre d to Carswell Air Force 
Base in Ft. Worth, known affecti ona­ tely in Texas as "Cowtown 
Not even J o h n ’s musically inclined g r a n d m o t h e r could h a v e a n ti c ip a t e d the de gre e to which he would get into his music now Again, it was a way ut m aking friends. 
"I used to sing iii ch urch ch oirs and I joined the boys’ c h o ru s ," recalls Jo h n 
" T h ro ug h a little form you fill out the first d a y iii school, they found out I played guitar. They asked m e to bring ii to class. I sa n g a song I’d written and. all of a sudde n, people were sav mg hello to m e and im Ring m e aud my g u it ar to p a rtie s." 
Passion 

Eventually, J o h n 's music b e c a m e an a l l - c o n s u m i n g p a s s i o n , a n d t h i s brought friction with his paren ts 
"Vt In*ii m y g u i t a r p l a y i n g b e g a n laking time away from school, or c u t­ ting the g ra s s or working on the ca r, th ere w as a little te n s io n , ” he says. 
"M y family loved to see movies, watch 
TVL but they thought boy, that life e n ­ t e r t a i n e r s l e a d , t h e y ’r e a l w a y s drinking, ca ro u sin g around 
D u r i n g Ins s e n i o r y e a r iii h i g h 

 school. John s music brought h u n into s u c h con flict w ith his p a r e n t s that c o m m u n i c a t i o n b etw een th e m b r o k e down completely Says John: " ’Things weren't right and I felt responsible for it aud felt thai I should just leave, I didn't want lo. but th a t ’s what I did." 
He went to Califo rn ia, t h i n k in g lo* could "g el a lob on a boat or sometli m g ," bul be rail out of money almost as soon as lie arriv ed aud had to call h o m e lo gel Hic ph one n u m b e r ol a family friend. Carl Hart 

 fs a y o u th he leas rootless. Note his songs 4'onceti­ tr a te on h a v i n g roots.______________ 

"I went lo slay with th em an d Dad c a m e out a n d got m e a n d we d r o v e home together au d talked a tut, lull I don't know that a n y l bing w as really solved Ilion,” lie say s 

O d d n ill 
Ile g r a d u a t e d f r o m h i g h s c h o o l 
S t r a n g e l y e n o u g h , Ins p a r e n t s g a v e bim what s e e m s an unlikely g r a d u a ­ tion gill a b r a n d - n e w F e n d e r Ja z z - m a s t e r ele c tric g u i t a r and a B e nde r 
Pro amplifier ll was their d r e a m for bim lo e u le r 
Hic I S Air Force Academy, bul Jo h n was rejected because ol Ins n e a rs ig h t­ edness. Instead, he would go to 'Texas 
Tech iii Lubbock When he set oft Hie following fall lie look bis g uit ars with 
Ii I iii . By now t h e y ’d b e c o m e a p p e n ­ d ag es, as m u c h a part of bim a s bis a r m s aud legs 
Next: Leaving on a jet plane. 
»rvM?d b y (,»♦-» m n v urn u t fV m m cb R o iA i leo f-4 mint ft urn 
' Job** Periimh , by jo m ei M artin (t) j<one* M adtn 

V ° 

Half and Larga Size fashions 

S I Z E S 12 '/a to 2 W i 

Span the season iii Navy rn 

Soil elegance in o u r navy dress for now and into the spring season. 
\ll-o\or scliiilIi embroidery in red/\elluw/while. Front zip. -lit 
\ -neckline and ail added color lid print scarf. < M lightweight polvester. 
I 

IU 
Vins 
\ d a m - 

Affront 

To a visitor, N o rth ern i 
I r e la n d is an a ffro nt to i the senses. It is profound I shock that a part of F u r 
Mi , \| \ | \ \ \ I ./ M U l l VRY DR. PLAZA ope eau officially be at 
M H U ll *1 VR VI XLI. NX U N D E R L A N D p e a c e a n d y e t b e in a j 
\t.„ iH t „*!•«»UirUn<oi<l tl*»u*o»n perm an en t state of siege, 1 
A lm ost every town is 

Feb. 13 1977 

T H t, b i i MD AY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
E DITORIALS 

James P. Dolan 
Sunday Editor 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 
Editor and Publisher 
W illiam J. Reddell 
Editor of the Editorial Page 
U. S. should help M exico 

P r e sid e n t Carter will m e e t this w eek with M ex ico's P r e s i ­ dent J o s e Lopez P o r t illo . T h e agenda is likely to include w ater rights, the troubled peso, a v a il­ ability of Mexican oil and — the p e r e n n i a l 
— d o p e a n d min sm u g g lin g across the U .S .-M ex­ ican border. 
There is room for important progress to be m ade. Mr. Carter m e t with Hi m e m b e r s id' C o n ­ g r e ss from states with borders c o m m o n to Mexico. Reports on that m e e tin g indicated a thrust t o w a r d rn u t u a 11 y - b e n e f i c i a I goals between the two countries. 
South T exans feel keenly the problem s and opportunities that a r i s e f r o m b e i n g 
M e x i c o ' s neighbor. San Antonio is a key city affected by M exico's actions and problems. 
It is unquestionably good bu­ sin e ss for the' U.S. to do what can usefully be done to bring 
Mexico to better eco n o m ic sta ­ tion. 
M e x i c o is o n e of tin s co untry ’s best trading partners. 
The U.S. is. furtherm ore, one of 
M exico's best trading partners. 
There are m a n y p r o b l e m s , p a r tic u la r ly a lo n g the border. 
S m u g g le r s are m ore active than they should be and that ought to be c h a n g e d . S m u g g l i n g which must have cooperation of border g u a r d s is at least s u s p e c t e d . 
C l a n d e s t i n e d o p e and gun 

 sm u g g lin g by aircraft is clearly out of control. 
But t h e r e are h u m a n p r o b ­ l e m s . too. that d e a l w ith the ability to m a k e a living honest­ ly. with the old battle between exploitation of cheap labor and the s c a r c i t y of labor for h a r ­ vests. 
M e x i c o ' s h ig h b ir th ra te stays ahead of efforts to house, feed and educate the people at an adequate pace. P erso ns who are willing to risk im m igration laws for a job keep the i m m i ­ gration service in constant high g e a r w i t h o u t a c c o m p l i s h i n g anything useful. 

It s tim e for a new approach. 
M e x ic o has oil to e x p o r t. Her trade fair iii San A nto nio has becoom an important show case and sales room for a wide v a r ­ iety of goods shown to be in d e ­ m a n d in the U. S. T h e two c o u n tries should work hard to find a p r a c t i c a l p r o g r a m , perhaps within a limited border band of land, where ex p e r i­ m ents in an open-border policy might be tested, 

L o p e / P o r t il l o has s e a l e d down Ins federal budget to try to bring the peso back to its former 
\ aine. I Ie has a formidable job a h e a d 
It w ill be a f o r w a r d ­ looking U. S. policy that would e n c o u r a g e p r a c t ic a l help. We hope h can be found 
How legislators can ease energy crunch 

B e x a r C o u n t y ' s l e g i s l a t i v e d e l e g a t i o n w a s n e a r ly u n a n i ­ m o u s in a g r e e i n g that e n e r g y 
.md education are the L e g i s l a ­ ture's top jobs this session. 

E n e r g y le g i s l a t ion opt ions are lim ite d , but one w itll p r o ­ 

 m i s e is the bill of R e p . J o e 
Hanna of B reck en rid g e lo g iv e land condemnation rights to c o a l- s lu r r v p i p e l i n e s . 
T hat a u t h o r it y is n e e d e d to m a k e rights-ot-way available iii a ti­ mely manner. 

The bill would require any such undertaking to have prior approval of the Texas Railroad 
Com m ission, which would issue a c e r t if ic a t e of public c o n v e n ­ ience and n e c e ssity before n e ­ gotiation for land could be done 

Railroads in T exas have con­ demnation tights. The bill pro­ poses to extend that right to slurry pipeline c o m pa nies. 

Houston N atural ( la s Corp, proposes to build a slurry pipe­ line from Colorado, w itll plans to begin its operation within three years — if it can get appropriate right-of-w ay. 

Top st a t e o f f i c ia l s su p p o r t the bill. which is scheduled ITir a 

LETTERS 

This n e w s p a p e r w e lco m es le tte rs from its re a d e rs . 
They should b e sh o rt, n o t o v e r 3 o o w o rd s, en d th e y m ust be sig n ed . H o w ev er, only re n d e rs ’ inltiols wilt b o used if th e re q u e s t is m a d e . U nsigned le tte rs will n ot b q p u b ­ lished. The p a p e r re s e rv e s th e right to e d it an y le tte r for length, g o o d ta s te or leg al rea so n s, le tte r w riters m ust include th eir pro p e r a d d re ss a n d te le p h o n e n u m b er —- which will not be p ublished — so th e correct id en tity of the w rite r can be e stab lish ed . Send le tte rs to JEQ. bo* 
3 1 7 1 , San A ntonio, T e*as 7 8 2 o 7 . 
Help schools 

Sir 
T h e s ta te l e g i s l a tu r e c an n o t in crease the a m o u n t of m one y the 
Texas D ep a rtm e n t of Highways and 
Public Transportation is spending and reduce school ad valorem taxes. This d e partm ent now spends a huge am ount of money. The amou nt of money this d e part m ent spen ds should not be in­ c r e a s e d 
School ad v a l o r e m ta x e s should be substantially reduced 
Oscar Huff 
Disgust 

Rains’ school bill may provide a com prom ise 

 h e a r i n g b e f o r e the 
H o u s e 
E n e r g y R e s o u r c e s C o m m i t t e e 
Tuesday and the Senate Natural 
R e so u r c e s C o m m i t t e e W (Mines* dav 

O p p o s i t i o n c o m e s c h i e f l y from railr o a d s and s o m e r a il­ road u n i o n s . 
T h e h e a r i n g s should clarify c la im s about sav ­ ings on fuel lulls from slu r r y operations and about im pact on lo b s. A c t u a l l y , th e p i p e l i n e s should be e n c o u r a g e d to curb t e n d e n c i e s a l r e a d y fo und to raise rail rates for hauling coal, 
< oinpet it ion should be av ai ta­ ble. 

We Hunk the hearings should explore the possibility of s h a r ­ ing r i g h t s - o f - w a y of e x i s t i n g railroads anil highways. I se of h i g h w a y s p a c e , for e x a m p l e . with a p p r o p r ia te p a y m e n t s or sav t u g s could be figured into the fuel c o s t s — the concern of most 
Bexar legislators 

Coal slurry pipelines are ne­ cessary to m ove coal iii needed q u a n titie s. even with railroad hauling, too. It is im portant to m a k e the p i p e l i n e s p o s s i b l e quickly so that oilier planning and financing can be co m pleted. 

Next 
T uesday, the 
T exas 
House 
Pub 
Education 
C o m ­ mittee is scheduled to begin c o n s i d e r i n g t h r e e d i f f e r e n t plans for fin a n c in g the sta te s public schools over tin* next two years. 

One of these plans comes from Gov 
Dolph Briscoe, sponsored in the House by Hep. J i m Kaster of Kl Paso. 
Another is a bill by Hep- Tom Mus­ ses of San Angelo, w ho also happens to la* c h a i r m a n of the public educa tio n panel 
The third comes from a rather unexpected source for public education legislation — Hep. Don P a in s of Sun 
Marcos. 
D e s p it e th e fact a s m a l l p a r t ol 
Hams' district is iii Bexar County, and 
San Marcos is the home of Southwest 
Texas State Cniversity. he is generally regarded as a rural representative 
Ile a d m i t s , not too h a p p il y . "I rn thought of us the country boy who in­ troduces the brucellosis legislation 
New image 
T h i s s e s s i o n , t h e t w o - t e r m re presenta tiv e is b a nkin g heavily on 
Ins public education bill to launch him down the road to a new image. 
And. he m ay just have so m e th i n g going for him 
What Hams bill has iii its favor is a provision making a cut in ad valorem t a x e s to s c h o o l d i s t r i c t p r o p e r s owners mandatory. 
Ile also wants the state s property valuations for school taxing purposes to he set on argtculutural use value rather than fair m arket value when assessing agricultural land 
Agricultural a ssessm en ts have been a thorn rn the sides of f a n n e r s and ranchers who object to paying city-va­ luation tuxes on land they arc using for lion-city a c tu Hies. 
The f a r m e r s ’ problem s iii this a r e a 

DICK 
MERKEL 

 f rain the x iiilf c a p ita l 

 smallest allocation of new funds of Hie three. 
But R a in s is a d a m a n t on Ins bill. 
‘ The real thing I want to do “ in school financing” he says “ is to assu re that if we are going to spend $844 million of the taxp ayers' money already here, we give th e m a tax cut for thei r money back h o m e .” 

Sir: With shock and disgust I read about the r e c e n t o r d a i n m e n t of a practicing lesbian to the priesthood of the E p is co p al C h urc h. New Y o r k 's liberal Bishop Paul Moore ordained 
Ellen Barrett, age 3o, despite gross violations of New T esta m e nt doctrines which govern whether women m a y act as priests and which describe homo­ sexuality as a hideous sin. Please read 
I Timothy 2:11.12 and I Corinthians 
14:34.35; also read Hom ans 1:24-28. 
Ms. Barrett was quoted as saying candidly that her relationship with her w o m a n lo v e r ‘‘is w h a t f e e d s th e strength and compassion I bring to the m inis try.” What brazen and repugna nt audacity she shows in publicly flaunt­ ing h e r lasciv io u s lust and sin in comm it ti ng an unnatural form of adultery! How can Episcopalians w or­ ship God in His sacred house where a woman like this is authorized to p e r­ form a role which is s uppos ed to r e p r e s e n t 
G o d a n d 
His 
Holy 
Righteousness? 
Are we Episcopalians going to allow our Church to be defiled and taken 

 have been worst in are a s adjacen t to c it less 
Hums' bill also calls for cutting the local sh are of the education p ro g r a m from the present 35 cents per 81(1(1 of valuation to live cents. 
By c o m p aris o n , the* Brisco e-Kaster bill would increase the state's shar e of the m i n i m u m foundation p ro g r a m to tm pt-r cent 
Local decision 
However, it m a k e s no provision for an ad valorem tax cut for local district property owners, leaving the decision on what to do with the local district saving to the school boards. 
M as sey's Gill would have the st ate paying the entire cost of the foundation p ro g ra m and m a n d ate s an ad valorem tax cut 
It is currently being am ende d with a formula which m a k e s figuring the amount of the tax cut vague at best. 
On the financial side, the Rains bill w ould r e q u i r e 8844 m i ll io n in new m o n ey fr om the p re s en tly pro je c te d state surplus 
Briscoe’s bill calls for $85(1 million, aud the Massey bill is priced at SKI billion right now 
Binding out inst what the state s u r ­ plus is right now is simply a ease of whom you ask Sonic will tell you s2 ti billion Others peg it at $1 Ii billion 
Whatever the case. economy is the watchword here right now if the 85th 
L e g i s l a t tire is to m e e t t h e m a j o r sp ending proposal headed by sc ho ol s and highways. 
T h i s would a p p e a r to g iv e R a n i s so m e edge since Ills bill calls for the 

The 
San 
M a n * la w m a k e r also 
®!!?s .,a,c bi?tap?.*'hJ>.?pProvc wants to see the a g r i c u lt u r a l values used for a g ric u ltu ra l land instead of the fair m a r k e t value in arriv in g at the filial tax base. 
“ If we use fair m a r k e t v a l u e , " he warns, “ we're going to run the fa r m e r and ra n c h er out of business. And. since 
Texas is an agricu ltu ral state, we ca n't afford that. 
“ Sun Antonio can't afford to lose its income from agricu ltu re an y m o re than 
Dallas. Houston or Austin. In 15)75. a c ­ cording to the Texas county statistics, agric u ltu re r e p r e se n te d 848.1 million 

 i i i direct income to San Antonio. 
So this e d u c a t io n fin an ce bill of mine isn t a rural bill. It concerns the urban are a s every bit as m uch if you start losing the agricu ltu ral incom e.” he declares. 
Karns is realistic* -If my bill has to depend on m e and m y reputation in the 
House it's dead. I ll need all the s u p ­ port from every direction I eau get A lot of House m e m b e r s have told me they like my bill. But w e ’re going to need the w itnesse s’ streng th at the heari ngs.” 
R a in s s a y s h e ’d like to see “ T h e 
R a m s B ill" c o m e out of c o m m i t t e e intact. 
Ile says, however, "what comes out will most likely be a co m p ro m ise bill from all three 
I just hope we can preserve my two key bill issues — a mandatory ad valorem tax cut and the use of agric ultural use valuations, lf we can. I don't care what they call it. It will be known as the bill that finally h e l p e d th e p o o r ad v a l o r e m ta x payer." 

 satanic policies such as this? lf so. are we not as guil ty as those actually p a r t ic i p a ti n g in th ese sordid ac ts ? 
Silence on such issues as this is con­ strued as tacit approv al. So. let’s voice st ro ng objection s to our respecti ve 
Episcopal minis te rs and bishops immediately. 
R. F. Grant 

Ifs relative 

Sir. News item: “ Presid en t C arter's swcatered ap p e a ra n ce in his fireside c h a t o f f e n d e d s o m e t e l e v i s i o n viewers.” 
President C arte r is continuing the 
Nixon-Ford sellout of Rhodesia and the 
P a n a m a Canal to the C o m m unis ts and so m e p e ople a r e offen ded b e c a u s e 
Carter wore a sw eater on television. 
I guess that so m e things are im p o r ­ tant and some are not! 
Chester Deiter 

Being taken 

Sir. Someone's not paying atte n tio n ’ 
I w o u ld li k e to i l l u s t r a t e how consumers of gas and electricity in 
Texas are tieing taken by our elected officials: 
The Texas state comptroller re port­ ed that natural tax receipts, based on wellhead prices, increased to $391.ti million iii 1976 from $264.3 million in 
1975 and $199 million in 1974. despite declining production. (A 48 per cent increase.) 
Th e c o m p t r o l l e r ’s re p o r t advis ed th a t w h ile oil p r o d u c t i o n s l i p p e d slightly, higher prices increased oil tuxes 2.6 per cent to $428.7 million. 
The comptroller further advised that his total tax receipts in 1976 rose 16.8 per cent from 1975 to $4 billion, the biggest source being the retail sales tax. inc reasing 18.3 per cent from the previous y ear to $1.5 billion. 
The City of Sun Antonio, un we know . takes 12 to 14 per cent off the gross City 
Public Service Board bill, lf the ( PSB was a p r i v a t e c o r p o r a t i o n a n d a t ­ tempted to give a 12-14 per cent return to its investors on gross sales, it would bo the best stock ever offered. 
( PSB. after paying the City of Sun 
Antonio, now mus t affix a reasonable surcharg e to pay for its ongoing op e r­ ations plus franchise fees and e x p a n ­ sion req uiremen ts. 
I would estim ate that over 3o per cent of our gas and electric bills go for taxes and surch arge s, lf our elected r e p r e s e n t a t i v e s w a n t to h e l p th e co nsu m ers and lower bills they have a m ple opportunity to do so by lowering the tuxes and surcharges. 
G. Vt . Schat/man 

9 rrr 
La u f tt S X f a n a /Z. 
COME ON OOT AGAIN, 
— I R IE S E MV Fifty PO IUK DEBATE 
X N m 
G ivin g 
You a P K W FU NEKA L ' * 

Bad news 

Briscoe Hunks the quiz; LTS A suffers 

N e w sm e n last week gave Gov. 
Dolph B r isa ie a chance to e x ­ plain his plan to slash $1.2 m i l ­ lion from tins y e a r ’s m o d e st b u d g e t ut the U n i v e r s i t y of 
Texas at San Antonio. 

 old -f a s h io n e d e d u c a t i o n a l 
. the governor D u n k e d th e 
To use language 

 t e s t 
Briscoe has developed the biggest g u b e r n a t o r i a l h an g up about h ig h e r education since the days of J i m F e r ­ guson 

I i i the c a s e id L I S A hts p opulist rhetoric la d s far short of fitting the facts. 
The problem with higher education. announced Briscoe, is “ professors who d on't t e a c h " but leave the c h o re to graduate students, 
So how d o e s t h i s c o m p l a i n t fit 
I TS A? 
R doesn t 
A head count of faculty m e m b e r s at 
I TSA comes to a few mor e than 28o, 

But th e re a r e only lour " t e a c h i n g assis tants .” g ra d u a te students who arc as s ig n e d to lab d u ti e s — a pra c tic e 

KEMPER 
DIEHL 

I tic / W i f i t • heal 

 followed u n iv ersall y by colleges, in­ cluding the most pre stigious in stitu ­ tions in the world 
So the guv will have to look so m e ­ where else for a reason for a crippling cut al I FSA just as San \ntouio finally begins to get the educational services it should have been given years ago. 
One non-answer bv the governor last week may have been even m o r e r e ­ vealing. 
He was asked what p ro fessors are doing ii they are not teaching 
That s a good q u e s t i o n . ” In* a n ­ nounced 
“ I'm not the one to an sw er 
It ” 
-Perhaps the guv was trying for a put-down of faculty m e m b e rs. But the truth is that he should he well aw a re of m any of the thing s I ’TSA professors are doing. 

B ris c o e m a y see good p o li ti cs i i i disparaging educators iii the abstract. but iii real life and iii South Texas, the t ISA faculty has moved quickly into the m a i n st re a m ut the c o m m unit y and become a tremendous public* resource. 

F o r s t a r t e r s , ol c o u r s e , f a c u l t y m em b ers pull a full teaching load and c o n d u c t th e r e s e a r c h a n d w r i t i n g which keeps th em at the leading edge of knowledge in their fields. 

But, ii i a d d it io n , p r o f e s s o r s from 
I TS A have le ctu re d ut high schools and junior colleges throughout the a r ­ ea (inclu ding the g o v ern o r s I v aide home town I 

T h e y h a v e c o n s u l t e d on v a r i o u s teaching prob lems with virtually ever) s c h o o l district iii San Antonio aud with others us fur south as Laredo 

Several have worked on im p o rtan t c h a m b e r of c o m m e rc e p ro g ram , They have co nducted continuing education workshops for professional groups. 

Professors have worked on boards or c o m m ittee s of such agencies as lieu- 
Iv-.M u r p h y L e a r n i n g Center. Inman 
Christian Center, Texas Council for 

Exceptional Children aud State C o m ­ mission for the Blind 

Dr. Richard T an g u m served on the city’s metropolitan transit study c o m ­ mission. Dean Dong Modo se r v e s on th e m a v o r ' s S p e c ia l C o m m i t t e e on 
Economic Development 

The g o v e r n o r h i m s e l f a p p o i n t e d 
Professor-! ouncilmun fleury Cisneros to his c o m m i t t e e s t u d y in g M edicaid an d M e d i c a r e p r o b l e m s . And P r e s i ­ dent C arter called upon Dr. Put Burr to come to Washington and help with the transition of a dminis tratio ns 
Mushroomed 

Most im po rtan t, of course. I ISA is offering solid educational opportunity for hun dred s of young men and women who d o n ’t h av e th e m e a n s to go to 
Austin or lo a private college, 

Just as serious for San Antonio as the b u d g e ta r y slash in g ut I PSA a r e the governor's plans for the I I Health 
Science ( euler 

The m e d i c a l s c h o o l ' s l i b r a r y a n d basic science facilities were built for a student body of tun What with serving a g r o w i n g d e n t a l s c h o o l , n u r s i n g 

 school an d oth er health p rofessions, this plant is soon to support a student 
Imk|\ of 2.6o11 

I he le g i s l a tu re , for e x a m p l e , has o rd e r e d that medical c l a s s e s be in ­ c r e a s e d to 2(H) s t u d e n ts , s t a r t i n g in 
1978. Originally c la s se s totalled KHI 
Now they are running at 135 

So the Health Science Cen ter badly needs a d d itio n a l li b r a r y and he alth science facilities It asked for building additions in both areas. 

T h e L egisla tiv e B udget Board a p ­ proved the library addition for flu* new budget. Briscoe re f u se d to c o n s i d e r either need 

In addition, no funds are being pro ­ vided for the faculty positions which must be filled to deal with the big new clas ses 

I his is no way to build a p ro g ra m of quality medical education, 

The governor s anti-education stance tiiav in* good politics it s bad for San 
Antonio 

Sir: There is bud news in the papers today. Senator John Tow er m a y be­ come the ranking minority member of tile Senate Arm ed Services Committee. 
Senator Tower is a very expensive luxury for the people of Texas. Ills one first in his years in the Senate has been in spending money on his own election. 
He was national champion on his lust time out. spending $2.2 million in 1972 
I wonder why there has never been an investigation of his finances? It would in* interesting to see how often he had voted iii the Senate for the donors’ betterment, and how often this vote was a vote against the interests of the people of Texas. 
We do know that when an im portant 
Hill c o n c e rn i n g Kelly w o r k e r s was lH*fore the Senate, lie was not present, and did not vote, FII wager he would have been there if one of his big donors had a problem. 
Andy Mane 
Appalled 

Sir; I a m appalled at the attacks on 
Archbis hop F u r r y for not opposing capital punishment. 
The Bible does state, as Nick Cal* zoned staled, thou shalt not kill. ll also says what will happen in Isaiah. Ro­ mans. Genesis, and Revelation, what will happen if you do kill. People need to read that 
Archbishop F u rry also stated this was not the position of the Catholic 
Church, just Ins own 
Ultimas k. J. Daniel 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. I 3 1977 

The hard life o f a fire 

By KEM PER DIEHL 

F ire D epartm en t Lt. Joe R. 
F lo res is a man en m e sh e d in two contradictory im ages of his job. 

One im ag e is reflected in the proud eyes of his three y oungsters. They are a v id f o llo w e rs of th e TV s h o w . 
“ E m e rg e n c y .” which d ra m a tiz e s the work of firem en and EMS crew s. 
They have actually seen their father fighting a ragin g three-alarm blaze. 
When they think of his w ork, they see it in te rm s of exciting, dan gerou s and heroic action. 

But there is a contradictory view of firem e n . T h is is held by cy n ics who like to paint m e m b e rs of th e d e p a r t­ m e n t a s a d d ic te d to s o ft-c u s h io n e d chairs, coffee and television. 
T hat is a picture which F lo res feels is not only terribly unfair, but totally 

 untrue. 
As pu blic re la tio n s s p o k e s m a n for the San Antonio F irefig h ters, he w ants to scru b it out. 

Unique hours 

In l a r g e p a r t th e i m a g e of TY - w a tc h in g , c h e c k e r - p la y i n g f ir e m e n g ro w s o u t of th e i r u n iq u e w o r k in g hours. 
F i r e f i g h t e r s w o rk an a v e r a g e 
56-hour w eek , w ith 24 h o u rs on, fol­ lowed by 48 hours off. 
So w hat h ap p en s d u rin g those long 
24 -ho ur s h i f ts ? O b v io u s ly th e m e n c a n 't be fig h tin g fires all th at tim e . 
They have to sleep at som e point. Is there excessive re stin g in front of the 
TV or in the sack? 
It m ig h t be possible to an sw er that question with statistics. But it w ould take an accountant to read them . 
A trip to a fire station is a sim p le r way to m ak e a ju dg m en t. 
So o n e m o r n i n g l a t e in J a n u a r y 

It's not to be envied 

 way to Station of the city. 
35 at 
Flores leads th e the w estern edge 
Suburban 
T he station faces north across ( ule- bra Bd. tow ard the athletic com plex of the N orthside ISI). Ju st to the east is 
Southw est R ese arch In stitu te, a high v a lu e c o m p le x w h ic h is a p r i m a r y concern for m en at No. 35. 
It is 9:3o a. rn. T he station is new — less than th ree y ears old. But the pic­ tu r e o u ts id e co u ld be o ld -fa sh io n e d 
N orm an Rockwell. 
A g o rg eo u s D a lm a tia n , tra d itio n a l firefig hter's dog, frolics while a crew w ash es and polishes a h ug e m o d ern ladder truck. 
“ W e’re in the m iddle of an intense clean u p ,” rep o rts Lt. J. E. T revino. 
"W e had quite a fire last night — that 

 one on Stardust. M aybe you saw it on the new s.” 
Inside the station th ere is. indeed, a la rg e TY set. It d e fin ite ly is not in operation. 
Lt. W alter I) Giesick takes over to explain what is tak in g place. 

F riday , he says, is “ Clean-up D ay” in any event. But the big fire of the night before adds to the job 
The firefighters had laid 19 sections of 2 *2 inch hose and 6 sections of inch and a half 
“ T h a t’s first p rio rity ,” he rep o rts. 
“ We ll put new hose on and then w ash th o s e s e c t io n s . W e do th a t o n c e a month anyw ay, w heth er it s been used or not.” 
Tin4 hose cleaning work, he explains. will tak e from two to two and a half hours. 
“ T he tru c k co m p a n y ,” lo* continues, 
“ has to pick up seven salvage cov ers at the site of the Stardust fire. W e've got to clean and w ash th ose.” 
I'he salvage covers m ay tak e a no th er 
9(1 m inu tes to two hours. 
More chores 

In a d d itio n , th e fire fig h te r s m u s t p e r f o r m r e g u l a r “ C le a n - u p D a y ’’ chores: w ashing the windows, tops of lockers and oth er housekeeping work 
What about these stories about fire­ m en whiling away duty hours playing volleyball? 
“ We have a ph y sical tra in in g p ro ­ g r a m .” G iesick explains. Each station te n d s to w o rk up its own in f o r m a l m ethod of ex ercise, keeping in m ind the need for instant access to trucks 
At the re a r of the station, the lieu­ te n a n t p oints to a c o n c re te p a rk in g strip which is divided by a low net 
“ T h is is o u r h a n d b a ll c o u r t . ” lie says, adding. “ We m ak e our own p ad ­ dles ’* 
It tu rn s out the m en at No. 35 play a sort of c ro s s b e tw e e n h a n d b a ll an d racquet ball. 
“ We m ak e do with what w e’ve g o t," sa y s G ie sick . “ It k eep s the g u y s in pretty good sh a p e .” 

Inside the station there i> a com plete w eight-training sct-ilp bought by the men 
Aided by the other firefighters. G ie­ s ic k a n d T r e v i n o r e c o n s t r u c t th e events of tin' shift 
Scarcely had the Kl m en gone on d u ­ ty at noon the previous day than action began. A g ra s s fire a la rm sounded at 
12:13 p .m . a nd th e fight la s te d two hours and forty five m inu tes 
T h re e additional g ra s s fire a la r m s kept No. 35 busy the rest of the a fte r­ noon. Then the ala rm for tin' hom e fire on Stardust sounded at ii 19 p in 
“ W e w ere out on that one for two hours and forty-five m in u te s .” re p o rt­ ed one firefighter. “ We didn t rat su p ­ per until 9:3o p. rn." 
Then there was tin1 lh p. rn. news on 
TY and bed. 
“ Luckily we d id n ’t catc h anvilling last n ig h t." co m m en ted one firem an 
But night a la rm s do rouse crew s with frequency. 
Trash bags 
“ It s up at 7:3o a m y o u’ve m a d e a fire or no n o t, m a t te r if re p o rts 

Carter’s clemency dilemma: 
Compassion versus politics 

W ASHINGTON - 
A chastened J im m y 
Carter is finding that the exercise of power can be painful. 

He h a s a lr e a d y ta k e n h eavy s h e llfire for p a r ­ doning the draft dodgers, who ran out on the Viet­ n a m W a r. Y e t he m a y expose him self to ano ther bo m b ard m en t by ex tend ­ ing'the clem ency to other m ilitary offenders. 
This could affect m o re than SIH),(MKI se rv ic e m e n who re c e iv e d le s s-th a n - h o n o r a b l e d i s c h a r g e s . 
T he cost of co m p assio n , however, could be high. 
P resident ( a rte r would be p o rtra y e d , c e rta in ly , as soft on m ilitary disci­ pline. Ile m ig h t also be a c c u se d of fa v o rin g his so n, .lack, w ho w as c a ­ shiered from the Navy in 
197o for s m o k in g m a r i ­ juana. 
Y e t t h e r e a r e c o m p e l l i n g h u m a n s to r ie s b e h in d th e cold m ilitary records. Most of the violations w ere m inor o f f e n s e s , lik e 
J a c k 
C a rte r’s youthful ex p e ri­ m en tatio n with pot. But u n lik e th e P r e s i d e n t ’s son, others have had dif­ fic u lty fin d in g e m p l o y ­ 

 m en t and building a new life w ithout an honorable discharge. 
Not even th e m ilita r y d e se rte rs a re the s te re o ­ types th at the A m erican 
L egion h ad e n v is io n e d . 
M any s e r v e d h o n o ra b ly in V i e tn a m a n d th e n w alked aw ay from s ta te ­ side cam p s. 
They had p rob lem s a d ­ justing to m ilita ry life in a s o c ie ty th a t r e j e c t e d t h e m , a p s y c h o s i s so com m on that it w as given a n a m e — th e “ p o st- 
V ietnam sy n d ro m e .” 
Millions 
A nd w h a t of th e m i l ­ lions w ho w e re e lig ib le fo r th e d r a f t b u t s u c ­ ceeded in circ u m v en tin g it legally? A sta rtlin g 6o per cent of th e d raft-eli­ g ible m en n e v e r se rv ed iii the a rm e d forces nor s u f fe re d d i s r u p t i o n s in t h e i r liv e s d u r i n g th e 
V ietnam W ar years. 
Many w ere sons of the well-to-do, young w hites who se c u re d co lleg e d e ­ ferm en ts or hired exp erts to find legal loopholes to keep th em out of the w ar. 
T h e s t a r k t r u t h is th a t th e c o n t r o v e r s i a l V ie t­ n am W ar w as fought d is­ p r o p o r t i o n a t e l y by th e poor and the m in o rities. 

JACK 
ANDERSON 

I-nun W nnhinfiton 

 w ho la c k e d th e w h erew ith al to avoid in­ duction. 
P r e s i d e n t C a r t e r is giving th e s e facts so m e deep thought. He has also c alled for a stu d y fro m the Defense D ep artm en t. 
A s s o c i a te s s a y h e w ill m a k e th e final d ecisio n with g re a t gravity. H ere a r e th e f a d s , they sa y , w h ic h a r e b e f o r e th e 
P resident: 
• 
Most of th e 5oo.o(H) le s s -th a n -h o n o ra b le d is ­ c h a rg e s w ere issued for p e tt y o f f e n s e s o r fo r m in o r m e d ic a l a nd p sy ­ c h o lo g ical re a s o n s. 

• 
S e r v i c e m e n w h o c o m m itte d th e s a m e of­ f e n s e s s o m e t i m e s r e ­ c e iv e d d i f f e r e n t d is - c h a r g e s . F o r s m o k i n g g r a s s , J a c k C a r t e r w as g iv e n a “ g e n e r a l ’’ d i s ­ c h a r g e fro m th e N av y . 
T h e P re s id e n t h as been info rm ed th at o th e r s e r ­ vicem en received “ u nd e­ s i r a b l e ” d is c h a r g e s for 

 sim ila r conduct. A recent g o v e rn m e n t re p o r t c o n ­ f ir m s th a t V ie tn a m v e ­ te ra n s “ got different d is­ c h a rg e s in app aren tly si­ m ila r c irc u m sta n c e s.” 

• 
A D e fe n se D e p a r t ­ m e n t ta s k force h a s r e ­ po rted th a t “ in all s e r ­ vices, b la c k s received a lower p ercen tag e of hon­ ora b le d is c h a rg e s and a h i g h e r p e r c e n t a g e of g en eral and u n d e sira b le d is c h a r g e s th a n w h ite s with sim ila r educational levels and a p titu d e s .” 

• 
T h e r e is a re m e d y for v e t e r a n s w ho th in k t h e i r d i s c h a r g e s w e r e u nfair. T hey can ap p eal to th e d is c h a rg e re v iew boards. B ut u n fo rtu n a te ­ ly, the A rm y has a b a ck ­ log of 7,ooo c a s e s , a n d new cast's a re flooding in at th e r a t e of 1,ooo a m o n th . At th e p r e s e n t r a t e it w ill ta k e m o r e than 5o y e ars to h ear all the V ietn am -era appeals. 

• Studies show that the review b o a rd s a re m o re lik ely to u p g r a d e a v e ­ te r a n ’s d isch arg e if he is r e p r e s e n te d by c o u n se l and a p p e a r s p e rso n a lly . 
T h is d i s c r i m i n a t e s a g a in s t th e p o o r a p p l i ­ can ts who c a n ’t afford to hire law y ers or ta k e off tim e from w ork to travel to the hearin g sites. 

• Some 4.(MIo m en are s till lis te d a s m i l i t a r y d e s e r te rs from the V iet­ nam era. 
T hese fugi­ ti v e s , to o , c o m e d is p ro p o rtio n a te ly from poor and eth n ic gro up s. 
Several would have been e l i g i b l e fo r h o n o r a b l e d i s c h a r g e s fo r t h e i r c o m b a t s e r v ic e in V ie t­ n a m , b u t th e y c o u ld n ’t f a c e m i l i t a r y life at home. 

• A n oth er 5o.(KHI p e r ­ s o n s w e r e c o u r t - m a r ­ t i a le d a n d . a s p u n i s h m e n t , r e c e i v e d bad conduct or d ishonor­ a b le d i s c h a r g e s . M a n y got exactly what they d e ­ serv e d . but o th e rs w ere p u n is h e d fo r o f f e n s e s th a t s c a r c e l y c o u ld b e called serious. 

F o r ex a m p le , b ad d is ­ c h a r g e s w o re g iv e n to black soldiers who railed 

 a g a i n s t r a c i s m , inductees who refused to c a r r y g u n s fo r m o r a l r e a s o n s a n d m i l i t a r y m e n who p u b lis h e d a n ­ tiw ar literature. 

A g a in , b la c k s w o u n d up w ith a d is p ro p o rtio n ­ a te s h a r e of th o s e b ad d isch arg es, acco rd in g to g overnm ent studies. 

Flores, explaining that a whole series of m orning chores — including the sale of trash bags to those who want them 
— m ust be perform ed. 
On this m o rn in g the work has been d e v o te d to th e c le a n - u p o p e r a t io n w h ic h G ie s ic k e x p la i n e d w o u ld be continued by the oncom ing shift 
T h ere w ere only th ree d ay s left iii the m onth, but already the 39 stations in the city had fought 1,34o tires 
Giesick review s the record of Station 
35. Tin* “ Motor Book” shows that the motor com pany has m ad e ad ru n s The truck com pany, which rolls onlv for a stru c tu re fire, has m ad e IS ru ns 
Hie station ’s EMS unit has already booked 
13o em ergen cy trips. 
B e cau se of its frin g e location, th e station also has a brush truck, a con­ verted m ilitary m ulti-w heel-drive unit 
I’lus has m ad e about a dozen runs. 
Tile m en report that because the d e ­ p artm en t is op eratin g below stren gth . 
Station 32 in the South T exas M edical 
( e n ter has deactivated a snorkel unit 
Fill in 

As a re s u lt No. 35 m u s t fill iii 
A sim ilar situation exists iii the district to the south 
(hie way to upset fire fig h te rs is to a s s u m e that th e little a m e n i ti e s iii th eir station have been fu rn ish ed by the city. 
G ie s ic k d i s c u s s e s th e m a t t e r of 
“ house ex p en ses." 
This station opened on J u n e 28, 1974, lie e x p la in s . T h e c ity p ro v id e d th e beds, the tab le y o u ’re sitting at (a long k itc h en ta b le ) , th e r e f r i g e r a t o r an d stove and d is h e s.” 
At that point, says the lieutenant. 
“ you go to a c q u irin g .” 
I'he m en at No. 35 h av e p ro v id e d th e ir own c o u c h e s, c a rp e tin g , s m a ll tables, a law nm ow er, basketball bac k ­ b o a r d , w a s h e r - d r y e r , li n e n s a n d n ew spaper subscriptions. 
They p u rch ased th eir own large co­ lor TV set. 
“ T h e only phone the city lints i i i .” 

 s a y s G ie s ic k , “ is th a t h o tlin e o v e r th e re .” 
So the m en p ro vide th e ir own te le ­ phones. 
Giesick opens a onboard with coffee fixings. Plus is stocked by a sep arate s ta tio n “ c o ffe e f u n d . ’’ T h e v a rio u s shifts m ak e th eir own a rra n g e m e n ts for p re p a r in g m e a ls, usually buying and cooking su p p er and breakfast. 
Big ticket ite m s like the television are financed through the d e p a rtm e n t's credit union 
T h e s t a ti o n ’s two D a lm a tia n d og s w ere gifts and the m en pay for th eir u p k e e p -in c lu d in g treatm en t of one for no less than throe rattlesn ak e bites. lust now the monthly house expense charge paid by each m an at the station is ,85 l lu' TX usually is turn ed on at most statio n s aro u n d the tim e the late af ba lloon news show s begin. T he sets go off a lte r the last new s show s end at 
111 3(1 p. iii. 
Busy men 

Activities of firefig hters, of course. vary from day to day. But F lo res can easily list en o u g h r e g u l a r c h o re s to m ake it clea r th ere a re few d a y tim e breaks. 
Driving back to the downtown a rea, 
F lo res talks about the cru cial d iffe r­ ences betw een firefig hting and o ther lobs 
“ I ve b e e n in v o lv e d in r e s c u e s , drow nings, electrocutions, h a n g in g s,” he says “ I go hom e and d on ’t want to eat for a couple of d a y s .” 

'Hie f ir e house's f e w f r ills ore 
Ilaid for by fire fig h te r s th e m ­ selves_____________ 

The unique stress on firem en sta rts with the beep of ail a la rm 
“ Tin* m o m e n t tin* a la r m s o u n d s ,” says Flores, “ your heart sta rts heating ta s te r 
Y on d o n ’t know w hat y o u ’ll face. 
“ You go into a bu rnin g building and you b reath e sm oke Y our m u scles are under stress Your heart pounds . . . 
You get back lo the station and you’re beal Your a r m s hurt Y ou’re coughing and spitting black stuff You feel like you’ve w orked eight h o u rs.” 
Others? 

But a re n 't th e re o th e r jobs w ith a high risk factor? 
T h e difference, say s Flo res, is that 
“ iii firefighting you see the d an gerou s situation, but you have lo go in a n y ­ way. It s not that you can sec a s itu a ­ tion and avoid it,” 
Flores rep o rts that iii his eight y ea rs iii the d ep artm en t lie lias been hospi­ talized th re e tim e s for sm oke in h a la ­ tion. 
And he su m s up the case: 
“ T h a t’s the fob And w e’re proud of it ” 

Fed up with bureaucrats? 
Send them a memorandum 

W ASH IN G TO N 
— 
P r e s id e n t 
( arter is pledged to cut down pa­ p erw ork in W a sh in g to n . A b e r ­ nathy, a governm ent bureaucrat, says he ca n ’t do it. r 
“ It’s a question of co m m u n ica tio n ,’’ he said. " T h e re are two w ays of c o m m u n i­ cating in the governm ent — orally and in print. I could co m m u n ica te verbally with som ebody, but no one would In* aw are that 
I was doing my job. 
“ The person you com m u n icated with would know'," I said. 
“ T h a t ’s not e n o u g h .” he s a id . “ In governm ent it is essential that as m any jMsiple as possible are aw are that you a re working. T he only way they can know this is if you send th em copies of m e m o ra n d a that you have originated T he m ore people there are on your “ need to know ” list, the m ore im p ortant your job with the agency will s e e m .” 
“ It m ak e s sen se,” I said. “ but surely even these co m m u n icatio n s could bi* cut down to achieve C a rte r’s goal ’’ 
“ They c o u ld ," said Abernathy, “ except that a m em o does not have value unless the one who sends it d em a n d s a response. 
What good is a m e m o ra n d u m on an issue until you can get IO people to comment on it in w ritin g ? ” 
Welcome it 

“ They prolsably w elcom e the opportuitr tty to do it,” I said 
“ Of course, and this Is w here the P r e ­ sident is up a g ain st a w all. Since I o ri­ 

ART 
' r n 

BUCHWALD 

'lh*- Ii ft b i r r * itif 
I rn 

 ginate the m e m o ra n d u m th ere is a certain a m o u n t of je a lo u s y b e c a u s e it is now known as the ‘A b ernathy M em o .’ T he only way the other b u re a u c ra ts can get back al m e is lo re s p o n d w ith a re p o r t on th e m e m o w h ic h th e y c a n th e n p u t t h e i r nam es on F or ex am ple, F re e d m a n would title his the ‘F re e d m a n Report in A nswer to the A bernathy M em orandum .* 
“ T o p la y c a t c h - u p , h e w o u ld b e o b lig a te d to c ir c u la t e th is to tw ice as m any people as I d id .” 
"N ow you’re really getting into p a p e r," 
I said. 
" T h a t ’s only the beg in n in g A ltsh uler would have to lop F re e d m a n by calling a m eeting , at w hich he would give an a u ­ dio -v isu al p r e s e n ta tio n of h is o p in io n s with copies lo all those p resen t as well as those who c o u ld n 't atten d He would in ­ clude g rap h s, sta tistics and re s e a rc h iii v a rio u s c o lo rs. It w ould tie c a lle d th e 
“ A lts h u le r R e sp o n se to th e F r e e d m a n 
A n s w e r on th e Abernathy M e m o r a n ­ d u m .’” 
" B u t suppose you cut the d istrib u tio n list for nu*UHM in half. W ouldn’t that cut down the p ap e rw o rk ? " 
“ It m ight if sta tu s d id n ’t play such an 

 im portant p art in go vern m ent c o m m u n i­ c a tio n s . S u p p o s e you s e n t a m e m o to 
C ro sb y b u t left S c h u s t e r off th e lis t. 
S c h u ste r w ould c o n sid e r that you w ere trying to push him out of the p ictu re and r e ta lia te by c u ttin g you off h is list, It could get very rough because it d o e s n ’t pay to have S chu ster as an en em y, p a rti­ cularly when he could sabotage you in the dining room by saying he saw your m em o to Crosby and it m ade no sense ut a ll.” 
“ I can see w here that w ouldn’t w o rk ,” I said. 
" Y o u hav e a n o th e r p r o b l e m ," A b e r ­ nathy said. “ It’s dang ero us to send out a m e m o ra n d u m in the g ov ern m en t b ecause by doing so y o u 're sticking your neck out. 
But if you c a n c o m m e n t on so m e b o d y e ls e ’s m e m o , y o u ’re in a sa fe position because you w e re n ’t the orig inato r of the idea. 
“ lf you cut people off your list and they s t a r t c u ttin g you off th e ir d is trib u tio n list. you will be forced to w rite m o re ort g in al m e m o s w hich e v e n tu a lly will get you in trouble B urlier, who used to work iii the next office, did this. He only sent his m em o s to two people He got so few m em os back in re tu rn Blat they decided he didn t have enough bi do and they fin 'd him 
“ T h e only way you c a n m e a s u r e p ro ­ mo i iv ny in the g o v e rn m e n t is by how m uch p aperw ork a person is producing. If he has nothing in his flies, there is nu way 
(he P resid en t knows h e's doing lits job ’ 
" I s Mr. ( a rte r aw are of th is?” 
"Y es, I just sent him a long m e m o ra n ­ d um on it this m o rn in g ." 

For the Third Straigh t Year... 
The Express-News and 
San 
Antonio 
Texas 
Exes Club ye, 
Welcome 
U niversity of T e xas 
Longhorn Sym phonic 
Band in Concert Wed., 
March 2nd at the Theater for the Performing Arts 

The Express-News and San Antonio Texas Exes 

 take pride in announcing that the fantastic UT 

Symphonic Band will once again be performing 

 in San Antonio for the benefit 

 of deserving youngsters. Just 

 one dollar will admit you to 

 this tremendous concert with all proceeds from 

 the show going toward 

 scholarships. 

ORDER YOUR 
TICKETS N O W . 

ITS 

ADMISSION 
ONLY $1 

WEDNESDAY, 
MARCH 2nd 
7:3o p.m. 

Theater lot the 

Performing Arts 

GOING TO BE A SELL-OUT 
AGAIN THIS YEAR! 

SEND IN FOR 
YOUR TICKETS 
WITH THIS 
HANDY 
COUPON 

AAA IL TO: 
UT BANO TICKETS 
8o38 Wye * bo ch Road, # 38o 
San Antonio, Texas 7 8 2 2 9 

Pteose send me tickets to the UT Symphonic land (on cert at the Theater tor the Performing Arts on Wed, March I, at 7:3o p m I have enclosed SI far each ticket 

M A M I ______ 

ADDRESS 

(IIT 
SIAU 
/IR 
Ooh# Uwtkt in i 
(Man jeyaOM lo Wa Anta** team t**» IWS 
MOtt M AM UK COSI A SIU AOM! IMA, ttUUtP (MVISW* NM A n o u n m u m m ai t o m m itts 

R A IN B O 
SANDWICH 
BREAD 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Look out for Hayakawa 
Latest fad: Trace own roots your 

 them ail to lend you old fam ily pictures, com­ plete with captions and dates, to lie copied. 

Tape Everybody, Even 

Boring Uncle Charley — 
As a professional irater, 
Ed Goldfader of East 
Nortiz, N Y., president of 
Tracers Co. of America. 

Senator from California. 
S I. Hayakawa, sat be­ side Delaware Democra­ tic Sen Joseph Biden, waiting for the ceremon­ ies to begin. 
Suddenly Hayakawa got up and began to w alk awa; 

“ Are you leaving ’ " 
Biden called out after him. 
“ Yes “ 
“ But 
. . but it s just about to begin." 
“ I don’t care," Haya­ kawa supposedly replied. 
"My (Vet art' ••old.'' 

LOS ANGELES TIMES 
WASHINGTON - 
It was shortly before noon on Inauguration 
Day, a chilly, sunny morning on Capitol 
Hill. 
The imvv Republican 

Every January, the 
Washington Press Club sponsors a fancy, black tie dinner to honor Con­ gress. When it is a new 
Congress, a group of freshmen from the House and Senate are invited to address the several thou- 
Sen. S. I. H a ya k a w a is fearsomely blunt 

■ M M I 

TOP VALUE I 
STAMPS 
I 

$ I O 
o o OR IR°R I 
"e sss s 

 cou?,S 'X '**17 

«*°ub1Unlps 

SALAD 

L SIZE’ 
IF W E FAIL TO ‘GIVE TO U 
YOUR TOP VALUE STAM PS 
W HEN YOU CHECK OUT 

TAMPS 
FARMLAND 
COOKED 
Johnny Carson 
Senate col- leagues don't know whether lo lo u p;h ut him or fear him 

Open the Bible and 
( heck the \ttiv — The old family Bible is a lav orite 
American family history 

 b o o k . Cheek tin* inside rovers for entries o f births, deaths, m ar­ riages 
In his new book from 
Scil ri bner s. “ I rider food 
— An Everydav Guide to 
Exploring the American 
Past," David Welt/man. a 4o-ycar-old demonian schoolteacher frmn 
Bound Valiev 
* a’:f . offers some a -to adv ice. 
After you’ve scoured the attic, he says have all your relatives fill cut 
“ ancestor charts rover- mg their own branches of 
Hic family. Then ask 

N o b ility 
The trouble with most 
Americans who dabble in the search game, says tine tit the world’s fore­ most gemologists, Bri- tish-born Frank Smith, is that they all want coats o! arms. 
“ It s this ‘noble’ type of business," he says disdainfully, "this ten­ dency for many Ameri­ cans to want to tag on to some noble line Instead. they should he very proud of their ancestors whether they turn nut to be horse thieves or not 
Msgr 
Geno Baroni. 

 pecking out a letter on a battered portable typew­ riter. lie is diminutive, very low-key, and he spoke in a voice so soft that he could barely Im* heard. 
“ I didn’t know what to expect when 
I came here,” he said. leaving his typewriter and sitting down in a (hair in front ut Ins desk 
“ I had no firm, clear eul expect al ions But I wasn't shocked or star­ tled bv anvilling The inueh-<|Uoted statement that the Senate is a gent­ leman's club is soniclh- mg I have found very much to Im* s o Everyone 

 h a s been very courteous and gentlemanly 
If s been terribly met* I'm having a wonderful time ” 
Ile smiled 
“ The cliches iii which we think about I rid I v iduals, the so-called bleeding heart liberal or cranks old reactionary, when you meet those people i i i person, all these charac­ ter I/at ions disappear," 
Iie said “ Instead, you see them us very inter­ esting, thoughtful peo­ ple." 
“ And I ve developed a considerable affection for our glorious leader, Sen 
Howard 
Baker 
<K- 
T erm ). he said, referring to the Senate minority leader. 

PICNIC 
!™ PORK 

A r o a st 

CALIFORNIA 
“ FUERTE* 

IRELAND 
U * « H W IV 
O R A N G I S H former soldier who..." 
The guard is asked if hi* gets fed up with the constant reports of death and destruction 

“ Oh. I don't listen to them anymore.” he says. 
GAME HENS 
CAS! OF 
24 *17'* 

DELUXE QUALITY BABY BEEF 
CHUCK STEAKS 
“ THANK Y O U ’’ Si 
AFTER YOUR PURCHASE 

DELUXE QUALITY 
I AM Pi* 

W ISC O N SIN 

HHK 
M H H 

Plus 
25 BONUS 
TOP VALUE 
STAMPS 

KRAFT S P A R K A Y I -LB. CTN 
MAXI-CUP 

32 OZ. RETURNABLE BOTTLES 
LAUNDRY 
DETERGENT 
FLOUR 
BISCUIT MIX 

PLUS 
DEPOSIT 
6 PACK 
CTN. 
KING 
SIZE BOX 

DRESSED 

CARCASS 
LAM BS 

ALL 
PRIME and CHOICE 
"And police are stil rytrig to establish Du 
^entity of a body foum lear tile 
Dtvis 
Siree 
(CUT a n d WRAPPED) 
L l 
M U N D A Y IN TH E 
EXPRESS: Why are they fighting** 
< 
A M M A * 
H a y a k a w a and hit now -fam out hat 

V ll t 
I 

* 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 I 977 
Clip and Save* 

235 

I 
J HAUSMANROAD 

23 7 

\ 
PRUE 

238 

/ 

V t 
/ 

\ - * « 
\ / 233 
\ / ' \ / 
.1o 
$ / 
V - v 
\r> > 
\ 
\ * / 
V 

I 

 r*<s , s s 
X X / A 

332 

228 

2 6 6 

 v 

, —. , / A 
' 
// / ' ' / a i 
/ 
\M / w tf*OC REST 
\X V/Z%zzd 

 z y 
/ 
\ 

326 
325 
----- 1 

V 
/ a 

26o 
227 
?6l 

A °< 

2I5 

• 
V t gsT 
•I 
' 9|ol 
_ \ 
2 I6 
I 
^ O O O I a W n t 
’ 
I 
* 
I 
( 
IO I I v 2o9 
1— road 1 
I 211 i 259 I i r 
I 
I 
T T T 
2o8 

1 3o9 1 
I 
!----------------- 

355 
! 

251 

3o3 
J ° S f £ j F 
356 i 
X . 
. 
- J , 
I 
^ 
J 
*1 
-]— -------r n 
' 
212 
T 
2 o 6 « | 
2o7 
J 
? 

 i^SlJjJJjCE^TREfT 
2 

*357 
I 

I 

O 
I 
«* 
I 
I 
I 
I 
249 
I 
I i 
I 
! 
25o 
I 
I 2 45 
I 
I u s . * ® - — 

\ 
/ 
I 
\ v A v 
LACKLAND J 
AFB 
\ 
V y 
\ I 3 6 \ 
/ 
; 
;/> > 

'■■t 
■> 
X 
^ ■ 

C 44 
\ 
A 
\ ° 
\ 
X 
' s t / / 
- 
\ r 
'v . 
4 s. , 

214 

257 

________ 
2o3 
J 
I llXUMOo1* lA*lt 
. 
1 
PAA 
* 
2,3 I 258 I 
|2 o 4 , 
,o4 , ,o 3 
I 
1 
! ,t « o £ t i 
' 
I 
I is 

— r — 
| 
/ 
\ 
J 
2o2 I 
V I 
----------------- r i 
I 
POI r ~ l 
J 
I 
3o4 

4 o8 

 i 3o1 I 
,o. | [ 
|JL 

- 
J 
< ?/- 
, O or I £ 
/ 
1,44 in? “• ',? / 
< 'o2 x / c y 

354 

.B IN Z ENGLEMAN 
/ 

M4»riNo4ir 
Aurine 

 o 
K/ 
I 4o1 
/ - * / * * * 

43' 
461 

1o7, 
\ 

114 

 o 
* - 
. . . 

, A X - 
/ / / S 
X 
HS* 
X //Z -n + 

III 
1o6 
41o 
4o4 
! 

I __ 
W E 5 T E A U 

4o3 
411 

I I T 

H R 

M U Y AFB 

/ / / s s , , , yA 
//A 

432 
I 

12o 

123 s 
I 
134 u 
H si»OAD " / 
V 
153 

131 

122 
" " r 
J SOUTJHCROSS BLVD. 

124 1 
W/ 
125 
•26 
/ 
! 
S W MILITARY ORIVE 

41? 

I----------- 
46o 

 i46 
13o 
129 
127 

/ 
/ 
147 
I 

 h 
- r " V 
T - 
128 

I4U 

4 4 o 
\ 

441 

132 

_ Which i district am I in? lf you’re asking y o u rs e lf th a t q u e s tio n , and m any San A n ton­ ians seem to be, th e n this m ap w ill h elp you f i­ g u re o u t w hich 
C ity C ouncil d is ­ trict you live in. lf you still can’t tell or need m ore in fo rm a tio n , you can call th e City 
C le rk ’ s o ffic e a t 
2 2 5 -5 6 6 1 during w e e k days. 

People 
Are Funny 

That in cl ml es politicos 

A San A n to n io th ie f sh o w ed c o n s u m m a te good ta s te in th e burglary of City Council candidate VAN HENRY 
ARCHER'S auto . . . only thing taken from the car was a book entitled “ How 
To Rebuild the Republi­ can P arty.” . . . the ear was parked in front of 
VAN'S home at 218 Lvb- wood Ave. . . . ARCHER is a R e p u b lic a n S tate 
C om m ittee and fo rm e r c h a irm a n of the local 
GOF . . . 

P A R E N T A G E a p p a r ­ ently will be an issue in the next District 26 State 
Senatorial race . . . Sen. 
FRANK 
LOMBARDINO bas been given the credit/blam e for the un­ limited accrued sick leave pay for firem en and po­ licemen as the father of the bill, but it turns out 
State Rep. BOB VALE. expected to take 
LoSl- 
BARDINO on next year, fathered sim ilar legisla­ tion . . . the difference is that 
Father 
FRANK'S bill had a healthy birth. while 
BOB'S bill was stillborn . . . and now 
VALE is insisting he, not 
LOMBARDINO, is the father of the University of Texas at San Antonio . 

NOTICE to City Coun­ cil candidates: Don't sot press conferences next to bubbling fountains . . . 
Mayoral candidate JOSE 
SAN MARTIN did. and it wreaked hovoc with the radio and television co­ verage... the meeting was adjourned to a less bub­ bly life. 
Oil. VV ELL. it happens 
“ My problem is follow­ ing som e of the rec o m ­ m e n d a tio n s m y s e lf .” complaining City 
Mgr. 
TOM H IE B N E R a fte r listening to Housing and 
In s p e c tio n s 
Dir. 
G E O R G E VANN shift between reco m m en d in g a 9o-day junkyard zoning freeze ex te n sio n an d urging council to forget it. 
D on’t their votes count? 
Power 
Players 

\ l o r e r * n m ! s h a k e r s 

STA T E Sen 
FRA NK LUMBAR 
DINO rep o rtin g in his news outlet mouthpiece that i i i his poll of consti­ tuents he set aside I.5IHI ballots deli­ vered to him by firem en aud police­ men and did not count them i i i lits final tally . . . Why not? Doesn t tin- senator believe that fire fighters and police­ men hay t * to right to participate i i i tin* po 11 ? . . . after all. they, Urn. are citi­ zens . . . and lf FRANK didn t want firemen and policemen participating in his poll, he could have saved them a lot «»f tim e and effort merely by telling them so . . . the issue of unlim ited accrued sick leave pay certainly was important to them . . . by contrast, the 
San Antonio Express-News poll. much broader than the senator s rather res­ tricted poll. allowed fire fighters and 
IMilicemen to participate . . , 

IF State Hep 
JUE HERNANDEZ is named l \ S. Attorney for the Western 
District of Texas, his staff assistant. 
W U TER MARTINEZ, has agreed to s«s*k the office which would la* vacated bv 
HERNANDEZ . . . MARTINEZ already has filed hts intent to seek the state rep post with the Secretary of 
State, tint 
W U T E R may Im- a little prem ature . , . 

STANDOFF * CFS Vice C hairm an t i t t y I FN l l NO i t ai l s «i natural gas dispute settlement activity lo a teuqjorary halt ., he threatened a typical retailers ad cam paign against the settlement package lf Moue effort wasn I directed at lowering high use w in ier utility costs for poor people lo re . , , Look tor stone coat-cutting response from t FN s t a f f ,. . nudged bv 

Mavor 
LILA Ft IT'KRELL and Coun- cilman HENRY CISNEROS, that is b efo re tin* Eel). 28 u tility b oard meeting if not, CENTENO can always resu rrect his anti-settlem ent campaign . . . 

AFFREt I VITON: City Councilman 
< LAI DE BI M K’s friends are throw­ ing him a party Sunday afternoon, Feb. 
27 from 3 to H p.nt. at th e C a rv e r 
Community Cultural Center . . . 
Un­ friends' co m m ittee including Mrs. 
\ ELM A S. Bl I LER , banker 
BH L 
SISKIN, developer CLIFF MORTON. 
M.asi Side civie leader and publisher 
\ MAIO BELLINGER and DA 
I EO 
Bl ILER. 

AND when is Fiddle Employes Union boss HENRY ( THE FOXi MI NDZ going to file that much publicized suit against three council m e m b e rs and others for interfering with his union? . 
. or has the “The Fox “ already gotten the publicity lie was seeking in the Hrs! place? , . . 
Around 
Town 
It tilth the tie tv sin a k yrs 

THE Harlandale School District rea­ dying an application for federal funds under the Indian Education Act for the schoot year 1977-78 . the district held a meeting last week of residents des­ ecrated iii the first or second degree from a recognized Indian tribe, and others . . . well, the football leant is named the Harlandale Indians , , . 

< GI NCU Al W A L ROH DE surprising all by taking up cudgels for transit as part tit the lug!am Mall development p ro p o sal 
I L U OE BF U K. meanwhile questioning availability id 

 all the city services for that proposed retail complex on tin- far northwest side *»f the city when East biders find it hard even ti) get buses to take them into town . . . and Council gadfly 
RAI L RODRIGUEZ charging “ What you’re doing with this mall is killing downtown” . . . by diverting business to miter areas while downtown buildings Maud vacant . . . 

SU F E R -FOW E K E D 
WAGGING 
TONGUES . . 'Pbe rum ors were flying 
Ibis w eek about a su p p o se d big shake up i i i tile county jail . at one tim e, the word was 26 guards w ere being fired and scores more were re­ signing . . . it turned nut only eight probationary guards were dism issed as part of a personnel improvement program 
. . jail personnel director 
LOI ISF PARSONS, who is in charge iii the operation, could only say. “ and I though! women gossiped” alter being told about the r u m o r s ........... 

WERE THEIR FACES RED . . . A new spaper re p o rte r was w aiting to catch an elevator recently when the di*ors opened to reveal an interesting slice of life . . . a prom inent .voting attorney with a political background was in an e m b r a c e w ith a fem a le m inty employe . . .they just laughed it off, coiit|)oscd themselves and walked 
••ut . . . sometimes it s really easy to pick up tidbits around the Courthouse . 

W ASTE NGT. WANT NGT 
• entity I a v As-ncssor Collector 
HEN 
SH is sa v in g ta x p a y e rs som e money by using envelope* with his predecessor s nam e on them for offi­ cial b u s in e s s 
JO E M VIN I \ 
MANION, his controversial assistant, savs 
M I \Vt doesn't M*e any reason wtiy he stiouldn I use up all the en VV* kqn s With 
I ll VHI i s I) VV Is nanw on them .,. however most i our t tam sc observers say 
SMM* eerlatnlv is a 

 new breed of politician . . . the average politician can’t wait to get rid of ever­ ything with his predecessor’s name on it . . . especially something that s go­ ing out to the voters . . . 

THE Texas House of Representatives tin- only state house in the nation to install a telephone sy stem for the deal 
. . . it allows the deaf to call their reps, and tin* reps to return the calls . . . the s y s te m t r a n s l a te s te le p h o n e f r e ­ quencies into typew ritten m essag es 
House Speaker BILLY C LAYTON re|>orts the num ber of the telephone for the deaf Is Areu Code 512 475-3498 . . . 

BEXAR County Republicans sad­ dened by the death last week of Mrs 
ANSON P l'M F . chairm an of Volun­ teers for the GOF and a co founder of one of tin* Republican women’s clubs . 
. . the widower is 
ADRIAN F I MF. founder and first president of the Bex­ ar County Republican Men s Club . . . 

LAMAR SMITH, executive director of the Bexar GOF the proud papa of a baby girl, presum ably a Republican 
Boiler 
Room______ 

( ti ut ju t ifin hi i Heel lo o v a 

FOUR c a n d id a te s for m ay o r will square off in all up|M*arancc before the 
San Antonio Republican Women s c lub 
Monday . . . agreeing to attend the in JO a. in, joint appearance at the Tee 
Fee Steak House, 171H Austin |!wv a re Vlavor 
LII V f OC K R E I L anil candidates 
JOHN MONFREY. JOSE 
S VN VIAR I IN. and I C, GI IM Cl , 
U s not a debate just a presentation by 
(lie can d id a te s aud qu estio n s a fte r ­ wards . , coffee'* at 9 JU a in aud speaking ai Iii 

Potpourri 

/ V o / > / r a m i P o l i t i e sJ I * 

■ Vh 

AND the B lu eb o n n et R e p u b lic a n 
Women’s Club will hear rival council candidates 
PHIL PYN D U S and I) 
CORO NIELSEN at 7:3o p. iii T h u rs­ day at the h o m e of M rs. J A M E S 
MARTIN, 
214 Highview Dr. . . . the 
Republican gals. who used to invite only Republican speakers, are getting downright during . . . only a short time back, one of the Republican women's clubs had two Democrats as speakers 
. . . State Rep 
A BE RIB VK and a senator . . . 

REPUBLICAN County C h airm an 
D O K E D D L E M A N p re d ic tin g the party will come up with an aggressive 
Candidate Recruitm ent Com mittee at a s|M-eial meeting next month . . . one of the twists expected to Im* in the ey e ol the recruiters is a certain State Senate post . . . and the GDP chairm an is iii the prm*ess of renewing m em berships in the Republicans* 2oo Committee for 
1977-78 . . . the m e m b e rs h ip s , $5 a month, sustain the headquarters and day by day operations . , . t>crsniinel remains entirely volunteer and unpaid 

MAYORAL candidate G E O R G E 
HIGLEY reporting he was warned he might Im* killed if he doesn’t back off his natural g a s in vestigation. . . 
GEORGE seem s to have a penchant for being on th e w rong end ol the threat depart meld . . he said he was threatened last time out when he ran for siate representative .« , 

THE Bexar t ounty Republican Wo­ nted holding a met (coda next Friday ut the home ut Mrs J U N I 
Ii V I G U S a i jug Tower Dr , , , U s at I l a lit . . . 

JIMMY 
FLOREK, who has bern 

 known to run for public office a time or two in the past. basing bis cu rre n t cam paign for the City ( ouncil on a platform of m o re for less . . . that would Im- more parks and police pro­ tection and b e tte r d r a in a g e and streets, all tied i i i to lower taxes and lower utility bills . . . m a y b e they should call 
J I MMY the n tira c le - vvorker . . . 

At The 
Capitol____ la*! iccck in inst in 

TUESDAY’S debate on r,m 
DOLPH BRISCOE’S highway funding bill produced the longest, liveliest and al times, funniest House session to date . . . for example, while voicing opposition to the size of Ro­ bin s price tag. Rep. 
BILL SU LLI­ 
VANT of Gainesville itemized other spending measure* facing the legisla­ ture and asked “ Do you think we can handle all of these s a n d in g bills and this out* too, and still come up without a deficit somewhere*1 If you believe thai. then you can believe the aurora borealis is actually flashlights in Un­ hats of Eskim os” , . . loiter Rep JOE 
W> VTI JR of Victoria rose to intro­ duce* fhe Lith proposed amendment to 
Rn- lull 
. , Rep 
JAMES KASTER o| El Paso asked for the floor to inform 
W \ ATT 
I lust saw a cement truck window 
Joe 
. , WA AIT im m edi­ ately withdrew ills amendment as the 
House Speaker intoned “ Rep WA A ll asks to is- excused to attend to impor­ tant business elsewhere ‘ , , , You’ve 
I Icard of “ bringing down the house*’ 
. . . this did 

V 

Ca r n a t i o n 

SAVE 
164 
LOBE 

• 7134 SAN PEDRO 
• 246 S.W. MILITARY DR. 

I 

OAiMRAUI 

SNACK CAKES 
•w w w r* 'mmmM v n v v l i v na.mt 

EVERYDAY — 7 DAYS A WEEK 

SAVE 
6* 

EXTRA 
ABSORBENT 

•' Wj TV 
MM 

WM 

.Ste 

9* 

W * w 
SOFT 'N PRETTY 
ATHROOM 
TISSUE 

4 -ROLL PAK 
/ a ‘ 

’ BEST 

PAMPERS 

* 2 .2 3 
24 CT. 
BOX 

LIQUID DRINKS 
SEGO 

IO OZ. CAN 

SAVE 
1o4 

U.S.D.A, 
CHOICE b l a d e -c u t y 
CHUCK 
STEAK 

LB. 

RAINBOW 
FLItSCNMANN'S 
CORN OIL MARGARINE ... I LB. CTN. OTRS. 
KOUNTY KIST 
* 
GAINES ME Al 
WHOLE KERNEL CORN 
, i o i . » n 27 "J1 DOG FOOD 
KOUNTY KIST 
SWEET PEAS 
I? oz.can 

6 8 * 

28* 

TS CONTOUR BREAD 
I LB LOAF 51* 

25 LB B A G 
SAYE 
OO 
POTATO CHIPS 
T PRINGLES 

AAH VIN BAUMANN 
I MAT HUL. IAN PtMol 

• OZ. rust 
SAVI ti 

LIQUID DETERGENT 
DAWN 

$ 1 1 7 

DON COX. Ptooua 
Mi . IAN Pl 

(SjjgJ (£ o 
CSjSJ 
Department Manager’s 
APPRECIATION 
SALE! 

2o4 OFF 
LABEL 
32 OZ. 
BTL. 

SAVE 
124 

SELECTED U.S.D.A. CHOICE BEEF 

4 THRIF-T-PAK 
CUTUP 

ROUND - BONE - ARM CUT 
SWISS STEAK 
, . 98 

Mmewcrtfi <.w ttciU" * 

SAUD DRESSING 
Miracle 
Whip 
& 
TS'Y*&- 
WHIP 

THRIF-T-PAK 
SHORT RIBS 

BONELESS - BOSTON BUTT 
PORK ROAST 
, . 89 

*THRIF-T-PAK COUNTRY STYLE a a a 
PORK RIBS 
,. 98 

THRIF-T-PAK BOSTON CUT 
PORK STEAK 

AOi FRYING 
CHICKEN 

LB. 

THRIF-T-PAK 

LB. 98* FRYER 
THIGHS 
LB. 69 

GIOVEI S BONELESS DUTCH-OVEN 

SAVI 2o4 

32 OZ. 
JAR 

 ta IS ) 

ARMOUR’S LUNCHEON MEAT 
TREET 

THRIF-T-PAK 
SLICED 
BONELESS - LEAN 
U.S.D.A. CHOICE 
CHUCK ROAST 
'/fat 
FROZEN 

HAM 
" $1 65 
I I M ITI 
LB. 
■ 
THRIF-T-PAK FRYE! 
RATH’S BOLOGNA, SALAMI LUNCHEON, 
RDTACT ,. / # 
■En lot OOM* 
A 
A 
. 
O n t H J I lf . " 
• 
,LUNCH MEAT ,. 8 8 
Q R , 
FRIGO'S SUOED—CHEESE u OZ PKG * © 
AMERICAN 
A O 
K 
TKRIF-T-PAK BONELESS 
SINGLES ".".■ 98 STEW j . , 5 

 ta 
HORMH’S SMOKED 

12 OZ. 
CAN 

MEAT 
WRANGLERS $ 119 
1 
GROUND BEEF 

9 5 * ®**°« a 6 8 * 
CUDAHY SAAR S SLICED 
BACON 
12 OZ. 
PKG 

GARDEN-FRESH PRODUCE 

SAVE 
254 LB. 

JUICY SUNKIST 
LARG E 

CRISP AND CRUNCHY 
CUCUMBERS 
23* 

3 LB. BAG 6 
9 

79* 

LB. 

LEMONS 
$1oo 
RC 

 lUNCHBOX FAVORITE RED DELICIOUS 
APPLES 

TEXASWEET JUICY BAG 
ORANGES 

WASHINGTON STATE EXTRA FANCY 
GOLDEN DELICIOUS * 
APPLES 
3 

SWEET CRUNCHY 
ANJOU PEARS 
. 29* 

REST FOR RAKING 
# 1 IDAHO 
. r < 
RUSSET POTATOES u I 5 

* r ° 

BUTTERY, RICH 
IN MINERALS 
AVOCADOS 

SAVI 
814 

IMM 

SAVE 
S A IA . 

- LAUNDRY 
DETERGENT 
TIDE 
IO LB. l l OZ. 
FAMILY SIZE BOX 

$ 
3 
9 8 

D irr-M T E , 
NCMI, O il 
MORTONS 
FROZEN POWDER!D 
BIRDSEYE 
R.C. 
WHOLE nlmrewiL CAKE 
B U 1 1 C K evI I L K i i 
OKRA 
A r c o l a 

44 O L WFT. BTL 

3 km * 1 • 
PUM MPOSiT 

LIBBY’S 
FROZEN 

IO OZ. PKG. 
56 

SAVE 3< 

H GALION OK. 

4 
79* Aft 

DONUTS 

11 O Z . B O X 
4 

SAVI 441 
SAVI 
54 

ORANGE 
JUICE 
4s$1 

I:|;W ' HIT ■ TS ■■ 

Bi t»7wT rnI* J 
Ii** 7 41 

TY JM ATO vSAUCK 

 e 

S ■ 
* 
____ 
~—-- 
SGLOBE 
7134 SAN PEDRO 
246 S.W. MILITARY DR 

SAVE 
S24 tisarvi m i 
[•MMT TO UMH 
(Ai AMOTUS 
PtKI J BTKTTYI 
I HAU EIB IIM 

 angburns 

 break into a heart tomorrow 

Tantalize her with creamy caramels. Mellow her with a whipped 
French creme. Melt her heart with rich chocolate meltaways. Delight her with chocolate-covered nuts. Break through to her with mouth­ watering treats for chocolate lovers. From our delicious collection of candy by King s and Pangburn s, 79c to $21. 
JkilleiMu 
VALENTINE S DAY IS FEBRUARY 14 

[T O ffii 2-DAYSALE 
SALE ENDS 
TUESDAY 

'a 

Boys numeral sweatshirts 

Regularly 3.99 

Moving on? Men, women nd boys, try “Motivators” 
25% off. 

Fashion savvy dress flares for all seasons and reasons. 

Favorite style has number on front, hack and sleeves. 
W ashable 
Creslo li­ v e r y lie /c o tto n .N ev er n eed siro n in g .S izesS , 
M, L, XL. C olors. 

REGULARLY $14 
Premium quality belt-loop flares of no-iron doubieknit polyester in rich seasonal tones. Han-rol waistband with shirt grip­ per to end untidy roll-over. Men's 3o-42. 
$ jeans 

Western denim 
Hares in tough polyester/cotton you don’t have to iron. 4 pockets. Navy. Slim, 8-18. 
Regular 4.99 

Padded foam collar for extra comfort. 

Flexible "Motivator” sole for walking ease. 

W ave-sole suede casuals give forward action in comfort. 

Men s, reg. 13.99 

"M otivator casual com bines comfort and style. Padded collar, cushion insoles, man made soles. 
Men s I) 7Va-11, 12. 
I 1.99 little boys* D 8' a-3 
8.99 
12.99 big boys’ D 3 Vi-7 
. 9.74 

Cushion insoles for comfort in every step 

W om en’s “ M otivator”. 

Suede casual is nylon tricot foam padded 
^ | f \ 4 o 
Vinyl trim,man made A K * crept1 soh- HS' ll. Id 
K,‘R ,3 '99 

Perforated suede, the latest look 

FOR FAST, CONVENIENT SHOPPING AT ANY WARDS STORE JUST SAY “CHARGE IT!” WITH A CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT 

 f) 
I W 
Iake 

AAONTGO/I/VER 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road al Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m . u n til 9 p.m. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
1H 35 North at W alsem Road 
Open IO a.m . u ntil 9 p.m . daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southerns* 
Open IO a.m. u ntil 9 p.m. daily 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. I 3 I 977 
Leary likes space, isn’t spaced out 

By WILLIAM OVEREND tos a n g e le s tim es s m v ic l 
LOS ANGELES — Dr. Timothy Leary, one of the most contro­ versial figures of the ‘BOs because of his views on LSD, now lives in 
Los Angeles and has returned to the college lecture circuit with a new 
Here are excerpts I rom an in te rv iew with the former Harvard psycho­ logist. who is on parole from federal prison alter almost seven years as a convict and fugitive: 
QUESTION - You say you’re not interested in talking about LSI) a n y ­ more. Why is that? 
ANSWER—I said in the 
‘Hits th e re would be a point when we wouldn't need LSL) anymore. I al­ ways saw it as a training de\ ice to teach us more about o u r b ra in s . We needed d ru g s like LSI) once to make us aw are that we could aller our c o n s c io u s n e s s , do our own rewiring. But we’ve become much m ore so­ phisticated as a society now. and we understand those things better. 
Today I see drugs like 
LSI) us primitive aud at one point necessary evo­ lutionary steps that are rapidly outm oded, like fossil fuels 

Q. 
How im portant is biochemistry going to be in the future as far as the brain is concerned'.’ 
A. 
In the future we ll be teaching our children how to use their brains by the age of ‘J or .‘I, so biochemistry won’t be as necessary. It s inevitable that t r e m e n d o u s a d ­ vances iii the biological sciences will give us a1 most total control of our bodies and. more impor­ tant . our brains. So there won t be any need for d r u g s , ex c ep t when somebody gets blocked. 
They won't be needed unless so m ebody gets stuc k aud c a n ’t do it himself 
Q. 
Do you still take 
LSI).’ 
A. 
I don't ta k e any illegal d r u g s or do a n ­ ything that’s illegal 
Q. Y ou're on parole, of course, lf \ou did take d r u g s , would you talk about it? 
V 
AV«• 11, after all. the 
A m e r ic a n g o v e r n m e n t isn t Russia, particularly now with the Carter Ad­ m i n i s t r a t i o n and with 
(Gov 
E d m u n d 
CL) 

W e n ettled dru gs like L S D ' 

Q. There's been a lot of talk that you informed on some of your old friends when you were in prison in the hope of getting out sooner. What did you do? 
A. 
I n ev e r testifie d about dope d e a lin g or about the W e a t h e r m a n underground. I made no deal with the g o v e r n ­ m e n t. As it was. they kept me i i i prison seven tim es longe r th an the guidelines. The fact that there haven't been any a r r e s t s ought to prove something. 
I did testify to a grand 
.jury in San F ra n c i s c o about t w o law vers w ho helped put me in prison aud rip ped off a lot ol money and put me i i i a very bad situation And I testifie d exactly what they did. But I think it s ironic that the fanatic left wing is m a d d e r at me now than the fanatic right wing. which pleases me very much. 
I think if I can get both the fanatic left and right m a d at me I m ust be doing something right 
Q. 
You r e f e r r e d to your Irish background Is that a key to your personality? 
A. 
Absolutely lf y ou’re probing for psy- cho-historv and you want to know about that. I m your classic happy Irish­ man It’s embarrassingly corny. 
Q. 
W hat do you mean when you describe us all as genetic robots’’ 
A. 
Our behavior is 9!l per cent determined by our neurological and an­ ato m ic al wirin g. Each anthill has its tiny little differences, due of course to the nature of the soil or the e n v i r o n m e n t . But these th ings are u n i m ­ portant compared to the vast majority of things which a re p r e d e t e r ­ mined 
The mind is simply a robot-program of condi­ tioned responses, but I think it is evolutionarily predeterm ined that the 

Let’s face it. America has been an evolutionary experiment for the rest of the world. 

Scientists wade back into evolution fight 

 w a s h i n g t o n M AR 

TIMOTHY LEARY, onetim e high priest of 
LSD, winks at newsmen during a recent news conference in Berkeley, Calif. 

W ASH IN G TO N STAB 
WASHINGTON - 
I t s an old argum ent with a new twist. 
The issues dramatical­ ly raised in the Scopes 
“ m o n k e y t r i a l ’’ m o re than 5o years ago — evo­ lution versus crea­ tionism — continue to be debated today with crea­ tionists battling scien­ tists for equal time in the schools. 
This time, members of the scientific and acade­ mic community — ISO of them, including promin­ ent palentologists George 
Gaylor Simpson, author 
Isaa c 
Asim ov. 
Novel 
P riz e w in n e r s 
Linus 
Pauling and .lames Wat­ son. and psychologists 
Carl R o g e rs and B.F. 
Skinner — are fighting 

' T h e r e a r e theories' n o a l t e r n a t ! re 

 hack, ta king the offen­ sive with a strong state­ ment affirming evolution as a principle of science and d ec r y in g c r e a t i o n ­ ism as a purely religious issue. 
The statement, sent to m a j o r school b o ard s a c ro s s the co u n t ry , arg u e s that “ for many y e a rs it has been well est a b I i s bed se ie n t i f ic a 11 y that all known forms of life, in c lu d in g h u m a n beings, have developed by a lengthy process of evolution.” 
T he s i g n e r s of the s t a t e m e n t say that 
“ there are no alternative theories to the principle 

 lions of years ago. They constituted the trunk of a 
‘tree of life' th at In growing branched more of evolution, with its tree an(j more of life’ pattern, that any 
T)lat is so m e of th c competent biologists of later d e s c e n d e r s of today ta k es seriously th e se e a r l i e s t living and that the principle “ is things, in growing more firmly established in the com plex, b e c a m e ever view of the m o d e rn niore d iv e rs e and in* scientific community. ereasingly different from 
Difficult one another. 
U s always difficult to 
“ Humans and the other get a group of scientists h,ghl>’ organized types of to agree on a simplified to(la>’ constitute the pre­ definition of a n y th in g , sent twig-end of that tree. but the s t a t e m e n t a t . The human twig and that tempts to boil down the °uf ,he aPes sPrang from complex scientific view sLanle aP®ltke progen- of evolution this way: 
Hor branch. 
"Very primitive forms 
That s a ro u n d ab o u t of life, a n c es tral to all NVa>’ of sa>]ng tliat u t ‘ re living forms, came into relatives of the apes but being thousands of mil- no* direct descendents. 

 teaching 
‘Iii tilt* future ive VI bt o a r chiltlren hair to use their brains b y the age o f 2 or .‘i, so biochem istry icon't be as neces­ sary 

Brown - 
(.lr.) iii 
California. Thought po­ lice hav e less power 
Ironically enough, drugs were never that im p o r ­ tant to me personally. 
I saw drug taking as a duty, something I had to do to broaden my mind 
Rarely did I look forward to taking drugs. It was like a good Catholic Sun­ day Mass I was doing it the way you take v H a ­ ulms for your health 

Q- 
You used to d e ­ scribe LSD as a religious experience, but there was an a r t i c l e in P layboy magazine that pictured you in a much more he­ d onistic ty pe of d r u g scene when y o u were iii 
Switzerland 
V 
Let s nail it right away. T h e artic le said there was a lot of drugs around me th e n , even heroin, and implied there was group sex. Totally wrong. 
I d o n ’t like hippies. I don’t like com­ munes. I despise heroin. 
I ve never participated iii an orgy. It may ruin my reputation, hut I iii very monogamous. 
As a m a t t e r of fact, b e c a u s e of my 
Irish 
Catholic h eritag e. I ve sometimes thought p e r ­ haps I ve been too puri­ tanical. I’m not sensual enough . . , On the other hand I ani a fun lover. I have dedicated my life to the study of p l e a s u r e , aud I ve tried to hang around exquisite, sophis­ ticated. intelligent plea­ su re lovers, l e a r n in g every tip and clue they could give me 
I think pleasure is an art, and to live the he­ donic, full. beautiful life is just like learning how to play 
Die piano. 
Number one, you iiave to learn from taut* who do 
It better 

 h u m a n s p e c ie s will evolve to th e position where it can rewire its own nervous system. 

Q. And you think that s going to req u ir e a m i ­ gration into space? 
A. 
I see e v e r y t h i n g that happened iii the ’Bbs. both technologically and neurologically, including d rugs, a s p r ep a ra tio n s for leaving the planet 
I ve predic ted the next s e rie s of evolutionary steps the human species is going to go through, and they can only happen 

 iii spare. It involves in­ telligence expansion and a tremendous increase iii the life span. 
Ultimately we will be able to c o m m u n i c a t e with other species and we will meet intelligences from o th e r so la r x y v leins. Down here, ifs like 
(lie baby iii the mother’s womb The baby can’t be taught the English la n ­ guage until he is born. Or look at the whole evolu­ tionary process of life on this planet 

(J. 
Who will want to migrate to space? What about the people who want to slily down here? 
A. V\ ho left Europe to collie over here? I fs al­ ways the genetically pre­ d isposed. the restless, the kooks. Hie visionaries and the most intelligent. 
A lot of our forefathers staved in Europe because they liked the churches and the markets and they liked the c o b b lesto n e streets, the old ways, it w ill lie ttie s a m e Hung w itll s p a ce m i g r a t i o n . and those of us who go will pe rfo rm the sa m e functions (or Ute world down here that A m e r i ­ cans performed for E u r­ ope 

.« 
/V\< I N K A >/V\l IO 
W A R D 2-DAY SALE 
SALE ENDS 
TUESDAY 

I— 
---- 
- J i y 

V 
; 

. 
\ 
I 
] 

25% off 

Select group of pantsuits 

 misses, half-sizes i i 25 to 

1 4 
2 5 

Regularly $15*$ 19 

Wide assortment of ladies pantsuits. Knits to wear now through the year! In easy-care polyester, because you have better things to do with your time. Similar to illustration. 

Rem ember 
VALENTINES 
DAY is Feb. 14 

Save 2.12 
Ruffle-trimmed nylon 
3-pc. peignoir set 

7 8 8 

Attractive sleep styles in 
IOO’, nylon 
Set includes mini-gown, bikinis and 2-butt- on coverup. 
Comes iii a variety of colors. Machine wash. S-M-L 
Regular $ IO 

Wisp-ers. 

Neat little nothings that are a sheer delight to wear. 

All-sheer, front-hook bra. 

UL Our light-us air bra with flexible underw ire support is 
►beer cornloft 
See-through nylon Lycra* spundex B.C 

Molded-baek, sheer brief. 
Natural shaping w ith m ini­ mal control 
1* w hat our soft 
Iii l e i Is a l l about Sw* through sheer nylon spundex. S. M, I, 

Semi-sheer, lace-trim bra. dJ Flexible linden*ires support 

 i i i comfort Stretch luce trim s molded seam less cups Antrim nylon Lycra spaudex. B.C. 
D cu p 
$ 7 
Not shown: Front-hook style without tinderwire. A.B.C $5 

Save 25% 

Our proportioned pants, famous for fit, at a smashing sale price. 

S O 

You ll love Wards beautifully fitting, snag- free polyester doubleknit pants i i i propor­ tioned sizes W ith pull-on stylin g, stay-n eat stitched front creases Fashion colors. You ll love the low sale price, too Stock up now. 

W om en’s sizes, reg. St I 
8.25 

Sportsw ear D epartm ent 

1.55 off 

Little girls’ easy-care dresses 

4 
4 

Regular 7.99 

Pick favorites from t h e most popular styles. 
Pretty prints, solids i ii machine-wush. no-iron poly ester cot ton. 3*tiX 

Save 1.11-1.55 
Pretty polyester knits 

Plan your warm weather fashions now while you 
*au on each yard' Prints of rich polyester double knit fur dresses, sports­ wear Mat hale washable. tar width. 

44 
I 88 , . 2 
PER YARD 

REGULAR 2.99-3.99 

WHI.! HLR IFS fOR YOURSELF YOUR HUML. YOUR CAR — WARDS C KARG ALL C KLIM T CAN HILF YOU LNJOY IT NOW 
Working folk like our hours. EWTtTli 

■ 
M i 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS-— Sun. Feb. I 3 I 977 
Pollution is killing a river and a way o f life 

 grand son buys oysters from o th e rs who have had to go elsew here for them. 
“ This used to be one of the major oyster-produc­ ing areas in the state of 
M a r y la n d ,” 
H a rry 
Shorter dr. said the other day. 
“ Y e a rs ago, w hen I w as a y o u n g s te r, the whole d am n village d e ­ pended on it. at least HO per cent of them anyway 
Oysters would always get fat here. But with pollu­ tion and se d im e n tatio n down in the riv er, they just don’t grow like they used to.” 

 w a s h in g t o n po st 
B E N E D I C T , Md. 
— Harry A. Shorter 
Jr. is carrying on a family tradition his grandfather began in 
192o when he opened 
S h o r t e r ’s P la c e , a r e sta u ra n t on the 
P a t u x e n t R iv e r in 
Charles County. 
T h ere is a m ajo r d if­ ference. however, in how lie’s doing it. 
W illiam 
T. 
((’apt. 
T obe) S h o rte r c a u g h t m ost of the o y ste rs he served near his resta u r­ ant in the Patuxent. His 

 w aste p roduced by Hit* growing population upon w hich th e plan is p r e ­ mised. 

The P a tu x en t H irer has b e ­ come little more than a giant se leer 

Where oysters once thrived, now only surface life remains because of polluted water 

 fabric for lining and sheers when you buy draperies custom-made by Wards. on 5o sq. yd. of broadloom. 
Choose 16 styles in 135 colors fe w 
Here are just a few! 

Choose lovely sheer u n d er-cu rtain s and o u r fine 
K ent lining both for h alf price w hen you buy d rap eries at re g u la r price. C all soon and a r ­ range an ap p o in tm en t to h av e a decorator b rin g sw atches to your hom e. Choose from over 15oo color/fabric com binations. W e’ll ta k e m easu re­ m ents, give you a free estim ate. IJraperv fabrics, valances, labor anti '•'.stall a t ion a t reg u lar prices. 
$15o off 

 saxony 
( alais. 
Dense, durable Da­ cron'® Super-Bright polyester plush has been heat-set to re­ ta in fin e p encil- point texture. In bi beaut if u I colors 

Reg. 1o.99 squ are yard 

Rugged nylon level-loop 
"Highwood” with cushiony foam back. Great for action areas. So easy to install it yourself and save! 
O ur stylish custom -m ade woven woods. 
Choose from a variety of styles and colors 
Our decorator will bring swatches to you, take measurem ents, give a free estim ate 

Save $1oo. E legant nylon sculptured 
/ » QQ 
•hag, foam back. “ Ebb T id e” 
. Reg. 8.99 O 
«i 

Save $1oo. M ulti-colors enhance sculp- 
*"7 9 9 tured nylon pile. “ C resto n ” 
. . . R eg. 9.9 9 
( m d 

Save $1oo. A nso" nylon level-loop prints, 
" 7 9 9 foam -back. It’s “ N ylport” 
. . . . R eg. 9 .99 
/ 

Save $15o. Ban-Lon "-ap p ro v ed textured 
Q 9 9 nylon plush. “ M adrille” 
R eg. 12.99 5 / 
><» omalon. Soften every step. U se our 
O m alon carpet cushion. 

Call W ards for a free estim ate 
654-2373 

Not sure bow to do it? 
Let Wards install it at our famous tow prices. 
C ali us today for free at ho m e e stim ate on t ar$»et an d in stallation 

;t4« better-quality 
........... ca 24* 
44t press-on Easy-Stik1 ca 34* 
">4<f best Easy-Stik* 
. ca.44* bow cost installation available. 

SIM ILAR TO 
STYLES 
SHOW N 
Catalog over­ stock draperies 

2o-26% off all in-stock A m rstrong tile 
Colorful, easy-ca re. dura- 
As low as hie. Vinyl asbestus, 12x12'. 
^ PW >*. 
C arton of 45. reg. 11.25. 
J [ 
/ e. ch 
/.OD 

Charley Thompson, 91, remembers 
R e g u la r prices 

Choose from a great selection of coloni, styles and fabrics to highlight any room. 
Som e m achine wash an d dry, -need no ironing. 
Som e lined, som e unlined, some have foam hacks. 
Bring your window m easu re­ m ents to W ards and save. 

WASHING IoT #o5T 
BENEDICT, Md. — “ I will be 9(1 in a couple of m onths,” the waterman said. 
“ They all say, ‘You can't 12o on a boat anymore.’ Miss it? Sure I do. I miss it very much.” 

Charley Thompson, the oldest living waterm an in this Charles County village of 54KI on the Patuxent 
River, told how it was: 
"People here had a living in oyster, oyster arn! fish That w.is the livelihood around here, 4o years ago Things is changing, you know I can’t under­ stand it quite myself Everybody lived here got their living out id the water, out of the river. All the old fishermen I knew are gone, died . . .” 
There are wisps of yellowish-white hair on Charley 
Thompson’s head, a good set of tiottom teeth and a wide gap above There is a faint Scandinavian lilt to 
Ins voice, mixed with a slight southern Maryland accent, lh* retains a rugged look, iii his cap with a ship's-wheel ornament and the new rcd-and-grccu plaid wool shirt he got for Christmas. 
His face is lined, his eyes peer sharply through or over a pair of sunglasses as he recalls the past. "I fished all my life. When I was a kid in Norway, I used to fish. fish, fish,” hi* said. 
Ile works two days a week sharpening knives in 
Shorter's Place, a riverfront restaurant opened in 
192o by the late “ (’apt. T u b e" S horter and now presided over by Ins grandson, Harry A Shorter, Jr. 
"T h a t’s the only job I gfd,” In* said, almost apo­ logetically, as In* sal in a booth at Shorter's T here's univ a SJO monthly union pension aud $25o in Social 
Security, "I can live on it, but I can’t do much on it,” he said. 
What was it like 4o years ago on lite river? " I'm talking about (Iii* old times now,” lo* said, as if to underscore tin* difference "I would say there was a lot of competition Everybody was oystering, but you didn t get nothing for it tw o or th ree dollars a bushel. That was Uh* high price,” 
Part id Hie compensation was the river itself. 
"You siait your Ixml There's no wind or nothing,” the old man said, “ I f s calm, nice, md too cold. You go 25-JO miles upriver, all around the neighborhood 

 f .v .v v y 
V .W V .i 
V ..N V .1 
•jjxSw 
IvvX;.'*; i i i i * l l 
Save 2o% 
1 1 1 psi 

•VNV.- 

 on all of our kitchen clocks in stock. 

 a] Milk can , antique avocado, colorful apple scene . . reg 12 'Hi 
•I Kit* hen w ares, copper color 
-klMet clock f rame . . . . reg. 22 '»'» 
Ii] C o untryside, colorful daisy with embossed dial r‘*H 122H* 
Id] Wine’nYhet so, other edible*’’ frame mantel clock 
. reg. 21 'Hi 
?) A pple liasket, bushel basked brim full with apples ri g 12 JHI 
Daisy, orange and yellow im- tala, covered d ia l.......... ri g a HO 

No-iron cord full bedspread 

M achine wash cotton/rayon in brilliant colors. Great style for tenns bedroom. 
R EG U LA R LY 13.99 

Save *5 
W ards 9oo-watt 
Ultra-brush 

R egular 19.99 
9oo-watt* 
U ltra 
B rush styles, dries, curls. Locking ring secures a tta c h m e n ts lo power unit. 2 heat, air flow settings 

DECORATING ON A B U D G ET ? IT S EA SIE R W ITH A W ARDS C H A R G ALL A CC O U N T 
Well help you feel at home. 

 here, down the river I f s very quiet, quiet, sure . . . 
Ifs a beautiful river, beautiful river . . 
“ ll sure is dead now. ain’t It, ('hurley?" said Harry 
Jr., who hail Joined the conversation 
"I wouldn't say It’s dead, Thompson said. "B ut it ain’t like ll was ” 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

Top ads honored 
A direct mail poster campaign designed by Marilyn Lowther won “ best in show” honors Thursday during the annual Addy 
Awards presentation. 
Winners honored aud the categories were: 
Public Service/ 
Public Relations 
Single entry, print — 
4oo1, by 
Gurasich, 
S p en ce. 
D a rile k 
& 
McClure. 
Single entry, audio or visual — F iesta G u ad a­ lajara. by KWEX-TV. 
C am paign, o or m ore e n t r i e s 
— 
M exican 
American Unity Countil. 
Sales Promotion 
P a c k a g e d e s ig n 
— 
T e x a s P ilar rn ava I, by 
River City Studio 
Point of p u rc h a s e — 
M illard Fillm ore G ra m ­ m ar School & Grille, by 
Ed Y a rd a n g & A sso­ ciates. 
Sales k its/d e a ler aids 
— Spanish Inform ation 
S e rv ic e , by 
B rooks. 
.Johnson. Zausm er Adv. 
Specialty 
Advertising 
Budget under $25oo — 
Ginger Butcher, by M ar­ ilyn Lowther, Designer. 
B udget over $25oo — 
.Jimenez, by Ed Yardang 
& Associates. 
Print Materials 
C a ta lo g s 
— 
K ing 
Ranch, by Ed Yardang & 
Associates. 
B rochures — San An­ tonio E nerg y C onserva­ tion Bureau, by Marilyn 
Lowther, Designer. 
House M ag az in e s — 
Trinity University Calen­ dar, by Trinity Universi­ ty- 
Annual Report — N a­ tional Bancshares Corp.. by A n d erso n A d v e rtis ­ ing. 
L e tte rh e a d . logo, tra d e m a rk — T he C hil­ d re n ’s Hospital, by The 
Pitluk Group. 
Newspaper 

Local, full page, black and white — A m erican 
Printers, by Ed Yardang 
& Associates. 
Local less th a n full page, black and white — 
Burns Company, by G ur­ asich. Spence, Darilek & 
McClure. 
Local, full page, color 
— F ro st B r o th e rs , by 
Frost Brothers. 
Local, less th a n full page, color — V ictoria 
B ank & T ru s t Co., by 
Chinle & C larno Adv 
Local, cam ptgn — T ra­ vis Savings &. Loan, by 
The Pitluk Group. 
R egional/national full page, black and white — 
S o u th w este rn B ell, by 
Warren Reed & Friends. 
Regional/national cam paign — KMOL-TV. by 
W a rre n 
R eed 
& 
Friends 
Regional/national, full p ag e, color — H andy 
Andy, by T he P itlu k 
Group. 
Radio 
Spanish language, sin­ gle spot 
— 
S h a w s 
Jeweler's, by The Pitluk 
Group. 
L ocal. BO seco n d s or lo n g e r 
— 
S h a w ’s 
Jew eler’s, by The Pitluk 
Group 
Local campaign — Big 
Red. by Karcher-Couser 
Adv 
R e g io n a l/n a tio n a l 3o se co n d s or less 
— 
B rak e -O /B ra k e ( heck, by UAR/Sinclair Adv. 
R e g io n a l/n a tio n a l BU se c o n d s or lo n g e r —• 
S o u th w e ste rn B ell, by 
Atkins it Associates Adv. 
Regional/national cam ­ paign 
— 
Mr. 
G atti’s, by G u ra s ic h , S pence, 
Darilek & McClure 

Direct Mail 
Local sin g le piece — 
Sugar Creek Bible Camp. by Marilyn Lowther. De­ signer 
L o cal, c a m p a ig n — 

Holland Ltd., by Barbara 
Shimkus. 
Regional/national, sin­ gle piece — USA A. by 
Warren Reed & Friends. 
B u sin ess 
P u b lic a ­ tions Advertising 

Black and white, any size 
— 
A m erican 
Printers, bv Ed Yardang 
& Assoc iates. 
Black and white, c a m ­ paign — National Bank of 
Commerce, by Anderson 
Advertising. 
Color, any size — King 
Ranch, by Eel Yardang & 
Associates. 
Farm Publication 
Advertising 
Color, any size — Kine 
Ranch, by Ed Yardang & 
Associates. 
C olor C a m p a ig n 
— 
King Ranch, by Ed Yar­ dang & Associates . 
Consumer Magazine 
Advertising 
Black and white, full page — Eden. A Photo­ g rap h y Studio, by The 
Pitluk Group. 
Black and White, less than full page — Bank of 
San Antonio, by Ed Y ar­ dang & Associates. 
Color, s p r e a d s and m ultiple pages — Mar- t i ’s, by Ed Y ard a n g & 
Associates. 
Color, full page — 
T exan W e lh a u sen . by 
The Pitluk Group 
Color cam paign — J i ­ menez. by Ed Yardang & 
Associates. 
C olor, less th an full page — Jim enez, by Ed 
Yardang & Associates. 
Outdoor Advertising 
Junior posters — Toil- douze, by Ed Yardang A 
Associates. 
24 or JU sheet posters — 
Harlandale Bank, by The 
Pitluk Group. 
P a in te d b u lle tin s — 
C entral P a rk Bank, by 
The Pitluk Group 
Television, Video 
Tape 
Local, JU se co n d s or less - H F. B , by H E B. 
Food Stores. 
L ocal, c a m p a ig n — 
Am erican Bank, by An­ derson Advertising. 
Television, Spanish 
Language 
Single spot — Big Red, by Karcher-Couser. Adv 
Campaign — Big Red, by Karcher-Couser Adv. 
Television, Film 
L ocal, SU sec o n d s or less 
— tie betw een 
Phoenix Supply, by An­ derson Advertising, and 
Strouds, by Ed Yardang 
& Associates. 
L ocal, m o re th a n 3o seconds — Big Red, by 
Karcher-Couser Adv. 
Local, campaign — Big 
Red, by Karcher-Couser 
Adv. 
R e g io n a l/n a tio n a l 3o seco n d s or less 
— 
H E B., by H E B Food 
Stores. 
Regional/national carn­ ic ign 
— 
Krueger, by 
G urasich, Spence, D ari­ lek & McClure. 
Potpourri 
M e rc an tile B ank, by 
Fd Y a rd a n g & A sso­ ciates. 
Complete 
Campaigns 
R e g io n a l/n a tio n a l — 
T ex tan W elh au sen , by 
The Pitluk Group. 
Local 
- 
KSAT-TV 
Newswatch, by Anderson 
Advertising. 
Best of Show 
Chosen from first place a w a rd w in n ers: D irect mail poster, Sugar Creek 
B ible C a m p , M arily n 
Lowther, designer 

Lindsay won’t be stopped 

LOS ANGELES TIMES 
“ When I was first in theater and went to ‘cattle calls,’ I’d look around and feel threatened by women who were very much unlike me, who had matching accessories and had their hair in place. 
“ But it took me a very short time to1 realize I could never compete against that in the sense that I can’t compete with a very classical kind of beauty. 
Why should I spend the tim e to cry about that?’’ 
She may have felt threatened at au­ ditions, but Lindsay Crouse got the parts she wanted. 

I ii person she seems rather poetic, eth erea l, not one of the voluptuous b eau ties who seem in d o m in an t d e ­ mand. Her range of acting abilities has landed her two female film leads in the* past year and a half. 
At 27 she has gone from a cameo role in “ All the President's Men” (as re­ porter Kav Eddy) to leads in two fea­ tu r e s — G eo rg e Roy H ill’s “ Slap 

'I fe lt so inadequate fo r so lon g 9 

S hot,” s ta rrin g P aul N ew m an, and 
■Joan Micklin Silver’s “ Between the 
Lines.” 
Her Kay Eddy obtains a C R E EP file from her former boyfriend for Wood­ ward and Bernstein. “ You expect me to. . .?’’ she asked Woodward (Robert 
Redford) incredulously, revealing her still te n d e r feelings tow ard the old boyfriend — but she realizes the im ­ portance of the file as she silently coo­ perates — the cool professional, yet one who is not without sensitivity. 
In “ Slap S h o t,” C rouse plays the unhappy w ife of a minor league hockey player w ho resorts to violence in order to survive. 
“ I would like to portray women who accept them selves,” she said. “ I felt inadequate for so long that I couldn't look really great in a pair of pants. Too bad. I’m a woman. I’m not supposed to have a behind like a man. I’m so happy 

 about being a woman. 
“ P a rt of this feeling of accepting m y se lf h a p p e n e d in d a n c e ,” said 
Crouse, who choreographed and p er­ formed in dance shows as an under­ graduate at Radcliffe in the late ‘6os. 
She studied with Twyla Tharp. Alvin 
Ailey, M eree C u n n in g h a m , am o n g others. 
Crazy 

“ But it didn’t finally happen until I got out of the dance world. People in dance are crazy about th eir bodies. 
When I realized that without being a dancer I could be loved. I could have great experiences in life . . . it helped a lot. I gained IO pounds on the set of ‘All the President’s Men' while waiting to shoot my scenes. I felt very self-cons­ cious when I watched the film. But the third tim e J saw it I saw feelings being tran sm itte d , and I thought, ‘If you 

 don't accept yourself, nobody is going to.’ ’’ 
Her inauspicious acting debut was in 
New York in 1971: “ I was a table, so­ meone ate their breakfast off me. I was' also a sea anemone, a moon monster and a fish — it w as an a c tin g and dancing combination.” 
After her brief dance career follow­ ing graduation from Radcliffe in 197o, she began acting in New York, “ but I began to get restless, and felt I was pushing m yself in the w rong area. 
.Dance is a very silen t w orld, very self-contained. I felt I w asn’t able to ex p re ss m yself totally. A cting w as tough, but much more exciting. 
In “ Between the Lines,” she plays a photographer named Abby, who works for an underground newspaper (loosely based on the V illage Voice, w here 
Lindsay’s brother. Timothy Crouse, is a co lu m n ist). The film , due out in 
May. traces the changes in the lives of the staff m em bers when the paper is bought out by a rich publisher. 
Ironically. Rupert Murdoch, a well­ known publisher, just bought the Vil­ lage Voice. 

2-DAY SALE 
SALE ENDS 
TUESDAY 
Save $3o. 
Wards 9x12’ cabin tent. 

Flame retardant. Meets 
Industry Standard CPA1-84. 

Deluxe canvas ten t com fortably sleeps 
8 adults. Its large screened windows and 

 door let sunshine an d air in. W indows have inside zippers. 
1o9 
8 8 

REGULARLY 
139.99 

Save $1o. 
Two-room 1ox14’ tent. 
219 88 
REG. 
229.99 

2-door tent with center divider that ties back to make* I large room. White cotton caroa* roof, nylon walls and front awning. 

H » m r r e ta r d a n t M e e t 
S ta n d a r d C P A I - 8 4 . 

$3o off. 12x9-foot nylon/canvas cabin tent. 
9 7 
119 
REGULARLY 149.99 

Nylon walls let winds slide over easily. W hite cotton drill roof reflects sun and breathes to reduce m oisture condensation. 
Inside zippered storm cu rtain s are nylon self-repairing type. 
Alum inum frame. W eighs only 
29-lbs. Sim ilar to illustration. 
229.99 IO* 14-ft. 2-room teat 
. 219.97 

Save 3.61 
Handy Zebco^ 6oo reel and rod combo. 

2-piece fiber glass rod is matched with a tough 
Zeheo * 6oo reel for power. 
9 88 
KEG. 13.49 

L4MF*4MNflt tftirtn lift t a . a a a U S car*. 
Save *2o 
In-dash AM/EM stereo and 8-track. 
Enjoy total stereo sound 
AFC and local buttons on 
KM. Fits under dash, too. 
7 9 88 

Regularly 99.99 

Save 7.11 
Sturdy three leg camp cot 

I" polyurethane matt rec#; j" aluminum frame wtth heht altilik springs (or firm support 
1 2 88 
Regularly 19.99 

$35 off our new portable cartridge elec. typewriter, 

REGULARLY 259.99 

C artridge allows quick, e a sy rib b o n c h a n g e s . 
Power retu rn , wide 12” carriage with full-length tab. Touch, copy controls, repeat keys. Pica or elite. 
C a rtrid g e w ith s c rip t type, reg. 26 4.99, 229.97. 
Cartridge pops in,out fast, easily. 
$15-$2ooff. 
18”-deep locking steel files. 
29 88 

2-dwr, reg. 44.99 with lock. 

88 
39 

15*52 Ii 
15*29 h. 

4-dwr, 59.99, Fall 7 6 catalog. 

Rugged steel files have four v e rtic a l ste e l in n e r su p ­ ports. Quiet nylon rollers and adjustable follower blocks. 
Both models have 2 locking draw ers. Durable, baked-on enam el finish. Easy to clean. 

$4 o off. Floor safe guards against theft, fire, im pact. 
119 88 

Regularly 159.99 

U L listed class. 35o°/1 hour. Relocking device autom atically relocks safe if com ­ bination is tam pered with. R em ovable casters. I -cu. ft. 
184.99 1.6-cu. ft. floor safe 
.... 149.88 

Special buy 

Attractive wicker-look bathroom scale. 
Durable hath jc iv w in I- made to blend w ith any decor. In brown or white 
8 8 

Save *2 
Stylish contemporary bathroom scale. 
G i a n t dial is easy to read. Weighs to JOO lbs. 
^ # 9 9 

Regularly 9.99 
Cornea in smart colors. 

Save *3 
Decorative, easy-to-read bathroom scale. 
Has extra-large dial and will record weight up to 
^ a q q 
28o lh*. I great colors 
■12 
Regularly 15.99 

SAVE NOW AT WARDS LOW PRICES—IT S YOURS WHEN YOU SAY “CHARGE IT!” WITH YOUR WARDS CKARG-AUL ACCOUNT 
I 
Whats in a sale? Come see. 

Lindsay Crouse plays an unhappy wife opposite Paul Newman in 
“ Slap Shot.” 

San Antonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

Oak Park chooses managed integration 

B y D W ID T H E A D W E L L 
A S S O C IA T E PR ISS 
OAK PARK, 111.—“ Don’t buy a home in 
Oak Park. This place is going to ‘go’ in about five years.” 
Modern living 

HARRIETTE R O BIN ET , with daughter Linda, and O ak Park village m anager Jack Gruber share pleasure in their community and the w a y it works. They're photographed in front 

 of Frank Lloyd W rig h t's form er home and studio, one of the assets of a town they have seen “ enriched” rather than ‘‘g h e tto iz e d ” by its unusual system of gradual integration. 

Richard 
Yanek. a stockbroker, recalled a fellow churchgoer whis­ pering those words to him during services one 
Sunday. That was in the late 196os after Pierre devise, a University of 
Illinois urbanologist who specializes in demogra­ phics, said the town would follow neighboring 
Austin, where sections were changing from white to black at rates as 

 high as four blocks a year. 
But Yanek. then an apartment dweller in 
Oak Park, didn’t panic. 
Neither did the commun­ ity. 
Instead of fleeing the 
\ illage and leaving it open to the classic pat­ tern of rapid population change followed by gen­ eral decline, the white residents of Oak Park set up an unusual system of 

 managed integration 
Oak Park's population of 82.5oo - about half homeowners and half apartment dwellers — is 
94 per cent white, 4 per cent black and 2 per cent other minorities. Before 
197o, the percentage of blacks and other minori­ ties was less than I per cent. 
“ We want the change to be slow .. We want to axoid the shock syn­ drome t hat most com* 

Save $61 

19.9-cu. ft. frestless refrigerator 

• 6.58-cu.ft. freez er lets you stock up 
• T h ird d o o r h elp s cu t freezer co ld loss 
• T w o re frig e ra to r sh e lves g lid e out 
Full-length freezer lets you take advan­ tage of grocery specials, freeze family’s favorites to enjoy later. Produce crisper helps fruits and vegetables retain their natural freshness. Convenient racks pro­ vide extra storage, hold tall bottles. 
$388 

R e g u la r 449.95 
Wards lowest prices of the year.* 

Best air conditioner buy of 1977. 
Save *2o 

S1o6 

5ooo-Btu air conditioner. 
$149 
Reg. 169 95 

Helps you keep cool when the weather’s not: dehumidifies too 
Convenient pushbutton control 
Easy-to-clean foam filter. The installation kit fits window-. 
2o*4 inches to 36 inches wide 

$5 hold* your purchaae on layaway until 
May. Only (IO (or purchata* over $2oo 

, . M 
Save *6o 
W in k 2o,ooo-Btu room air conditioner. 
39988 

Cools and dehumidifies 
R o ta ry c o n tro l: auto thermostat Kuo in filter 
Regularly 459.95 

Save *4o 

Buy Wards 8ooo-Btu room air conditioner. 
Cools, dehumi S *1 O f . 
Push 
1 o 7 button control Reg 229.95 
Foam liber 

$1 o o off pair 

Big 18-lb. team capacity 

’ v;t tY 2 /• 
.1 - j ' 
^ 
„ 
«((oRY)))b 

8 washing cycles 
Wafer-sever control 
Bi* t8-lb. < .p a n ty 
Auto .dry «ontrol 

The quiet one— our 8-cycle w asher. 

 a ('votes for d elicate! to duroble-prest, a Variable water-level control; pressure* fill system insures proper w ater level a 3 vc ash rinse tem perature combos 

Auto.-dry dryer 
Keg 239.95 

M atching heavy-duty electric dryer. 

• I temp settings— auto, d ry control shuts off d rye r only after clothes are dry 
• Dry- cycles for durablc-press and knits 

Ask for a d em onstration. 

Save *16o i built-rn browr 
329 

M icrow ave oven with built-in browner. 

Cuts mu I cook tinter by 
/ V O Q l i f t . Browning element, 
M 1 
J 
O O gourm et cook co n tro l, auto defrost cyck* More, 
Reg. 489.95 

Save *5o 

Buy Wards 15,ooo-Btu room air conditioner. 
Dehumidifier luo -'cool i Bf 2 
9 
9 
- peed » aula iherttHifetat nag- 
%'dVJ 

IO BK'IWN sn A S S is 

S H .OSOS, AUO W ASPS 

I . K IL 1 B V C O U S I N O * astite ONI Y t7.tr* 
Save *8o 
M icro w ave oven w ith gourm et control 
27988 

Setts t cook speeds lur eggs to meats to rakes Defrost, thaws frozen foods last. 
Deluxe cooch gush 
Reg 359 95 

Simulates weed lilt...-mb led 

Save *7o 
W A RD S AUTO COLOR C O N SO LE TV 

39988 

•no 

 k 
A Ft 
{•button TV tuning captures strongest signal for best reception 
19-1nt h diagonal screen 
Regular 469.95 

SAVE *1oo 
T IM E L Y ST ER EO SO UND SYST EM 
88 
AM FM receiver with LED digital clock, 8-track re­ corder* player, ii mo. changer, speakers, center 299 
Keg 399 95 comb 

NEED THAT NLW APPLIANCE NOW? WARDS CHARG-ALL CREDIT CAN MAKE IT H A PPEN —COME APPLY FOH AN ACCOUNT 
Replacing appliances? See us. t 

 triunities go through when they are experienc­ ing racial change.” said 
Village Manager Ja ck 
Gruber. "It just leads to resegregalion, beginning from when the first black moves in to when the last vt bite moves oui." 
Jam es Compton, ex­ ecutive director of the 
Chicago Urban League. calls 
Oak 
P a rk ’s measures "a margin of progress." Ile said the village could absorb mort minorities but should be commended for its efforts. 
" I think a managed si- iuation tends to bring about a better pattern of integration,’’ lie added. 
"It s unfortunate that a managed situation is necessary, but I don’t oppose it ” 
No signs 

 limier Oak Park s pro­ gram of managed inte­ gration, "Fo r Rent” and 
"F o r Salt'" signs were banned. Building codes 

KAST COOK TIMES 
Ask for a cooking 
Roost bend, med c* in,it IL demonstration. 

\ fozef i bidi bl let 
8 mm 
. 
- 

4 Lobed p o ta tiif A 
12 mm 
^ ^ 1 r n . 

RIC H A R D V A N E K , clears off the snow in front of the home in O ak Park, III., that in the early I 9 7o s he was advised not to buy. 
The prediction then w as 

 were s tlffened'Yo guard ,hat ° ak Pa/ k was 9oin9 against deterioration. to cha” 9e fr°m ct white and low-1 it ter est loans for action to a black section home or apartment building improvements were made available from the village govern­ ment. 
Real estate agents were prohibited from go­ ing door-to-door asking residents if they wanted to sell out 
A private housing referral agency was created to encourage prospective black and white residents to dis­ perse throughout the community rather than form enclaves, and a reporting system was devised (ti permit v illage officials to keep tabs on racial makeup of neigh­ borhoods and apartment buildings. 
Villagers concede that some of the policies de­ signed to smooth inte­ gration come close to in­ fringing upon constitu­ tionally protected rights and freedoms 
But many residents believe that things never havc*been so stimulating in the community where 
Frank Lloyd Wright per­ fected his 
“ prairie houses.” Edgar Rice 
Burroughs wrote his 
"Tarzan” novels and Er­ nest Hemingway grew up. 

What's gone 

“ The only I lung that’s gone' iii Oak Bark is that fellow in church and bigots Bkt* him ,” said 
Vgnek, whose four-bed* rnnm home has nearly doubled in value since he purchased it for $2K,o(111 iii 1o6o 

 llarriette Robinet. a black who moved here 111 years ago from Chicago with her husband, a health physicist who specializes in radiation safety, and two children, said that the controls prevented ' ‘unnatural ghetto-ization” of the community by realtors and financial institu­ tions, " I ’ve seen it every­ where I've been, from 
Washington, ILC., to the west side of Chicago,’’ bile said. “ You have to have these controls to have racial enrichment 
It’s a strain, but that s v ital to living and im ­ proving a community” 
Gruber says the key to flak Park s success has been an innovative, if of­ ten controversial, ap­ proach to racial change, 
"The community had iHith the resources lo develop new idcus and 
(he authority to implement them,” bt* said ' ‘But without the willingness of the people to attempt them, we wouldn't have stood a chance.” 
Central to Oak Park” integration program is the policy statement un­ animously adopted by village trustees in 1973 committing Hie village to scattering residents by race and ethnic group throughout the eommu* 
IUD 
A network of controls and incentives helps to accomplish this goal by keeping white demand for housing high and preventing a black enclave from forming, especially in the cast side bordering Austin That section tit Chicago’s west side is a poor, high-crime area w uh a population UH per cent black lf a black (amity wants 

 to buy iii an Oak Park neighborhood where blacks already comprise 
25 per cent of the re­ sidents, realtors ask them to talk wUh the vii luge human relations department where they are counseled on the \ ii* lage's dispersal policy. 
"W e don’t It'll them they can’t buy iii that neighborhood,” said 
Shirty nn Reid, common tty representative of the human relations stall 
"We attempt to sell them on the community as a whole and its com m it­ ment to diversity. We make sure they under­ stand thai they an* si ill free by law to buy anywhere they please. 
"Sure, it s walking a fine line sometimes between an individual’s basic rights, bnf we’re open about it We don I hide anything. Aud we counsel whites as well as blacks.” 
The result, Mrs Reid said. usually is coopera­ tion. 
"Most of the time these pt'ople wanted to move lo 
Oak 
Park precisely because of our policy," sla* said "They re quite willing lo let lls help them find another place to their liking.” 
Sim ilar counseling with similar results takes place at the Oak Park 
Housing ( enter, a private referral service created 

 iii IH72, which last year interviewed more than 
4,(NNI apartment hunters 
Racial concern arose in 
Oak Park in 195o when black m illionaire chemist Percy Ju lian moved from Chicago into an Oak Park mansion, and his porch was Arc­ hon ii a*d 
“ That’s when the change came into the community,” said Ver* nette Schultz, account supervisor for a public relations firm hired by the village "There were a lot of us who looked ut ourselves and were lust sil k at what we saw ” 
Villagers set up a ci­ tizens committee on human rights, and the village government tormed a com inunih relations commission 
The groups were iii strumentai iii Oak Park becoming in I HHH one el the first municipalities iii the nation to adopt an open housing ordinance 

Solutions 

Gruber said other communities fating decay and rat tai tension from the "white fright* flight syndrome” might find difficulty adopting 
Oak Park 's solutions because few have its re- sou recs. 
More than three­ quarters ut Oak Park’s residents are in proles 
»iorial, managerial, cler­ ical and sales jobs The median family income ut 
I HTH was SU ,823. almost 
I t , HOO higher than the median for the six-county 
( hicugn area. 
The community also 

 contained a treasure trove of h o m e s and 

 buildings designed by 
Wright, including the home and studio in which he lived from I HHH to IMM and Unity Temple, con* sintered among his mas­ terpieces 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
War 
Training to stop 

 terrorism 

-sp- 
' 
' ' , v . \ rn- lr 
W -M '' 

Brenda Gambill of Quartz Hill, Calif., gets camouflaged by Airman Dave Brown of St. Paul, Minn. 

Five-foot-four Theresa Over­ holt is in San Antonio learning how to fire an MHI) machine gun. 
Madeline Moreney is learning hew lo throw hand grenades at would-be ter­ rorists. 
JoD i Hoogstra traded her waitress lob in Crivitz, Wis., tor combat boots, 
( ’ Rations and an M IB rifle. 
The three are among HIH enlisted women recruited by tin* Air Force for its rugged four week anti-terrorist course at Camp Bulbs. Training for women began last month 
The I SAK Security Police Academy at Lackland A F B runs the combat skills course, which for women is on a one-year trial basis. 
Women receive no special consider­ ations and train side by side with males. Combat skills are emphasized. 

Women, like their male counterparts, fire rifles, machine guns and grenade launchers. 

Air Force officials quickly point out, however, women are not being trained for combat 
“ W e ’re not putting women in a combat role,” says L L Col. Donald 
Plummer, chief of the combat studies training division. 
He added, “ W e’ve had women in the law enforcement field a long time. 
They carry a weapon and could at any tim e be placed in an environm ent where they could use that weapon purely as a defensive tool. 
"Combat as we think of it means to go outside a perimeter and search the enemy. This is purely a defensive role 
. . . defending Air Force resources.” 
To qualify, women had to meet the 

 same physical requirements as men, including being able to lift 7(1 pounds th a height of six feet. 

Into the mud 

Airm an Thelm a Sands, 19. left a sales job iii Hollywood, Fla., for the mud of Camp Bulbs. 
“ It’s really been a lot of fun,” she said of the training. “ Women should have a chance to prove themselves, and, if needed, they owe allegiance to their country as the men do, and they (women) should have to serve, too. 

Madeline Moreney. IM. her fatigues coated with mud and her face d ar­ kened by camouflage paint, munched on a dinner of C Rations containing 

Story bv 

El) KINGSHOTT 

Photos bv 
J 
TAR KY TARSIKES 

 pork and beans. 
“ The food wouldn’t be so bad if it wasn’t cold.” she said, picking at the C 
Rations. 
“ There’s talk we can’t do what men can,” she added. “ I wanted to prove to myself we could. If men have to be in combat, then women should, too.” 

Others 

Here’s what other women trainees said: 
Theresa Overholt, IS, Bradenton, 
F la .: “ I like com bat form ations p arolin g the woods and ambushes. 
The guys haven’t tried to pamper us. 
They’ve let us prove ourselves.” 
.loDi Hoogstra, IS, Crivitz, Wis.: “ I like to do something that is challeng­ ing because I want to do as much as I 

Six months ago JoDi Hoogstra was a waitress 

SEE THE 
WORLD- 
FAMOUS 

WONDERFUL 

WORLD OF 

HORSES AND 

ROYAL 

LIPIZZ AN 
I STALLION 
I 
SHOW 

 can while I'm young. I don’t mind it. 
I'm just thankful for the training.” 
Judy Golden, 19, Springdale, Ark.: 
“ W e’re getting to do things a lot of people will never get to do. . .Yeah, women should be in combat. You never know when they’re going to pass the 
FR A (Equal Rights Amendment) and send us to war.” 
Beverly Voyles, 2o, W estm inster, 
Calif.: “ The guys have shown they’re not prejudiced against us. They want­ ed us here. My folks, they think it’s great. My mom says she would like to learn some of this stuff.” 

Challenge 

Teresa Knapper, 19, Eldridge, Iowa: 
“ If s a great challenge proving we could do it to everyone who thinks we 

 can’t.” 
By the time the women have com­ pleted the Bulbs course, they will have finished 15 weeks of Air Force train­ ing. 
This includes six weeks of basic and five weeks of security police technical training at Lackland and the four weeks of combat studies and skills at 
Bulbs. 
The Air Force will review the pro­ gram in about a year to decide if it will bo permanent for women 
Male recruits wholeheartedly sup­ port the training for women. 
“ They’ve done great,” said Airman 
Randy Denker, 2o, of Myers Flat. Ca­ lif. “ No problems at all.” 
Col. Plum m er is even more enthu­ siastic: “ They (m en) love it. Their reaction is, “Why not? It’s the same job we’re doing’. . 

At 
Half 
Price 
With our 
EXPRESS-NEWS 
DISCOUNT COUPON 

 lf‘s the world's only theatrically produced horse 

I show featuring complete entertainment including colorful costumes, dramatic lighting effects, stirring music and beautiful horses! The featured 
Lipizzan stallions are famous for their precise balance and great leaps in the air, originally used as tactics of war by mounted men against foot soldiers to inspire terror! Now they thrill audiences with their beauty and grace! 
M on., Feb. 14, 

7:3o p .m . 

CONVENTION CENTER ARENA 

TICKET PRICES: ‘4 »5 & l6 

You Can Get Your Tickets for Half Price 

 with our Express-News Discount 

Coupon Below! 

(no further discounts honored on tickets 

 purchased with an Express-News discount coupon) 

Bring tile Coupon to the Convention Center Arena Box 
Office IN PERSON from 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Mon.-Sat. 
(no moil-ins, please) 
BUT HURRY! Only A Limited Number of 
Discount Tickets ore Available! 

- rn 

■■4m 
.**#t 
*<e» 
-«*• 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
WONDERFUL WORLD OF HORSES 
ANO ROYAL LIPIZZAN 
STALLION SHOW 
HALE PRILE DISCOUNT COUPON 

To be Honored Only for Mon., Feb 14, 7 3o p m 
Convention Center Arena 

<>• 
*»• e*> 
«o- 
■<> 

<* 

•e ie* 

For the Third Straight Y e a r... 
The Express-News and 
San 
Antonio 
Texas 
Exes Club 
Welcome 
The 

U niversity of Texas 
Longhorn Sym phonic 
Band in Concert Wed., 
March 2nd at the Theater for 

 the Performing Arts 

The Express-News and San Antonio Texas Exes 

 take pride in announcing thot the fantastic UT 

Symphonic Band will once again be performing 

 in San Antonio for the benefit 

 of deserving youngsters. Just 

 one dollar will odmit you to 

 this tremendous concert with all proceeds from 

ADMISSION 
ONLY *1 

 the show going toward 

 scholarships. 

ORDER YOUR 

TICKETS NO W . 

WEDNESDAY, 

MARCH 2nd 

7:3o p.m. 

Theater for the 

Performing Arts 

SEND IN FOR 

YOUR TICKETS 

WITH THIS 

HANDY 

COUPON 

IFS GOING TO BE A SELL-OUT 

AGAIN THIS YEAR! 

MAIL TO; 
UT BAND TICKETS 
8o38 Wurzbach Road, ** 38o 
San Antonio, Texas 78229 

Pitas* send rn* tickets to the UT Symphonic Band (on cert at the Theater for the Performing Arts on Wed, Morch ?, at 7 3o p m I have enclosed SI for each ticket 

NAMI 
.... 

ADDRESS 

CITY 
SIA U 
ZIP 
Mot* check* art Money o'ton payable la San Automa I*im {im (lab 
NOri: PITAS! M O M A SIU ADOtHSID STAMPED INVIlOPt tot A re onui ut urn of roue nafts 

Theresa 
O verh o lt zaps an im aginary enemy with an M 6o m achine gun, above, while Thelma 
Sands, right, directs an assault on a ficti­ tious enem y posi­ tion. 
Field m an­ euvers are an im portant part of the anti-terrorism training. 

Introducing the 1977 

 football-baseball- hockey-golf- basketball- horseshoes pitching- bowling-rodeo- tennis-boxing- fishing-amateur athletics-lacrosse- badminton- curling & 
Olympics guide. 

T h e 1977 World Almanac is a dozen books in one, including a sports book Mealie IOO cd the new World Almanac s 
97ti pages are devoted to professional and amateur champions, teams and statistics lrorn almost any sport From skeet-shootmg championships to game-by-game box scores from the recent World 
Series, The World Almanac is your book it sports is your scene 
• Special coverage is devoted to the record-smashing XXI Olympiad held in Montreal. In addition to Nadia Comaneci and Bruce Tenner, you’ll find winners in all Olympics events, dating all the way back to the first of the "m odern" Olym pics games held in IH9h • Whatever you’re looking for, chances are you'll find it in the new 1977 World 
Almanac and Book ot Facts, as fascinating as it is informative Get your copy of your book, priced at just I i 25. at our public service counter, area bookstores, supermarkets, newsstands, drug stores or wherever quality reading is sold Also available by mail with the convenient coupon below. 

I 

CO 

SPONSORED 

BY 

THE 

EXPRESS- 

NEWS 

S A, EXPRESS-NEW S WORLD ALMANAC 
P.O. to « 49SS 

C h i c a g o , I llin o is 6 o 6 8 o 

Pl**** m u * i m c*p«*i af Th* lf / / W ort* Almon** 
I 
.mien my <b*<h rn m m ) tit tai SU S It tach copy titU 
(SI IS pix! AO (M il p**t*9* a n t handling | 

NAME 
___ 
AooMSS 
__________ an ----- PAM___zn* 
(M o b # c h o c k * , rn a n a y o rd e r * to W o r ld A lm a n a c 

A lto or th ro # w * # k * t o r S a liv a r y .) 

% Veseo still at large 

WASHING ION OOST 
WASHINGTON - W ill 
America's most famous fugitive ever be returned to this country to face trial? 
For several years, 
41 -year-old Robert Lee 
Yeseo has been fluking off criminal indictments, subpoenas and private lawsuits like so many pesky mosquitos as he seeks to fade into the lush background of his Costa 
Rican retreat. 
Hut recently there wa* a change in that country's extradition law that made Yeseo sudden­ ly vulnerable. 

Adding a measure of immediacy to the Veseo situation is that in June he becomes eligible for 
Coala Rican citizenship. 
If granted, it effectively would rule out extradi tion front that country. 
The son of a Detroil auto worker, 
Vesct gained notoriety in 197? when he used 
Im modest-sized New Jersey electronics company tt take control of giant In 
Nestors O verseas Her vices, Ltd. 

I ii 1972, the Securitle and F.xehange Commis sum charged Veseo w ill stealing $224 million o lO S's assets. In ail al tempt Iii quash the SKC probe, Veseo alleged!) made a secret $29o.ink t ash contribution iowan 
President N ixon’s re election, 

M 
O 
N 
T G 
O 
M 
E R Y 
! 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— -Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
W esterns down but not out 

 those who watched close­ ly could still see one or tuo of the seams that se­ p a r a t e d th e o rig in a l three sections. 
In ad d itio n , network editors always omitted from the film the closing ep ilo g u e n a r r a t e d by 
Spencer Tracy. This was montage of aerial views of the west to day, d o ­ minated by not-so-scenic shots of freeway inter­ changes. all to the tune of a heavenly choir singing. 
“ Here It Is. the Beauti­ ful. the Promised Land!” 
M aybe the n et w o rk s thought people would fail to see the glory in all that fightin’ and dyin’ having led us only to the San 
Diego freew ay and a la ndscape p o lk a-dotted with Denny s Drive-Ins and Taco Bells. 
At any rate, the Nielsen f ig u re s will soon tell 

 w h e th e r 
A m e r ic a n v ie w e rs a r e re a d y for westerns again, at least westerns along the lines of ABC’s “ How the West 
Was Won.” 
A few years ago. Mis­ ter W e s te rn h im s e lf. 
John Wayne — who in­ troduced the first te le­ cast of “ G unsm oke" on 
CBS in IB55 — was asked if he thought the western would ev er die. 

Will westerns die? Heck no, sax the veterans 

The MGM version had already been aired twice by the networks, but ABC ap p a ren tly thought the m a t e r i a l could be e x ­ ploited further. Besides, the televised version of 
“ How the West Was 
W on” was w hat one might consider visually expurgated. 
Wide screen 

The film was the last to be shot in the w i d e ­ s c re e n . t h r e e - c a m e r a 
Cinerama process. When it was shown on tele- v ision, v lowers saw just a little more than one-third of the original three-pan­ el im a g e — alth o u g h 

 series scheduled. NBC’s 
“ The Q u e s t , ” w hich, with its tendency to d e ­ bunk w e s t e r n le g e n d s and c o n c en tra te on the se a m y and the bawdy, might better have been titled. “ How the West 
W as Wanton.” 
The series bit the dust after a short run. ABC’s 
“ W est” got a trial run last >ear and earned re ­ spectable ratings, partly perhaps because viewers have fond m e m o rie s of the motion p ic tu r e on which the TV movie was b a s e d , M G M 's supe r- s p e c t a c u l a r 1963 epic, 
“ How the West 
Was 
Won." 

N atu ra lly , the g ran d and im p e r i a l cowpoke took this suggestion as v irtu a l s a c r i l e g e lie chose to answer it with another question. 
“ Will 
S h a k e s p e a r e ever die?" Wayne coun­ tered. Then, he answered his own question: “ No. 
And n e i t h e r will w e s ­ terns. B's our folklore. 
It’s our tradition." 

ABC. perhaps sensing a certain declining inter­ est in TV westerns, pro­ m oted “ How th e West 
Was Won” in a way that m a d e it sound like a white "Hoots” — another saga about "the triumph of an American family." 
One would almost think the network was trying to convince v ie w e rs that this western was not ab­ solutely, rea lly q uite exactly a western 
This, after all. hasn't been a happy y e a r for w e s t e r n s on TV. The season began with only one weekly w e s tern 

JOHN W AYNE 
THEN 
AND JOHN W AYN E N O W 

SALE ENDS 
TUESDAY 
2-DAY SALE 

K e m e m h e r t lim 1 
G<U)(I Cli ll V K ? 

Lg] ex RN IQS 

 tow *oor» 

Sealdon self-seal roofing with sun-activated adhesive strips. 

Avoid the unsightly and costly damage that a leaking root can cause to ceilings, walls, draperies, rugs and furniture in your home Sun- activated special adhesive strips will seal your roof into a one-piece weatherproof, tight shield that r e s ists the wear and tear of the e l e ­ ments U L-listed for fire and wind resistance. Available in an a s s o r t ­ ment of decorator colors. While you are protecting your home, you are also adding to its values. Stop in soon. 
♦SHINGLES ONLY-INSTALLATION EXTRA 

Phone Wards for your free estimates: 

W ONDERLAND 
MCCRELESS 
W INDSOR PARK 
654-2374 
654-2574 
654-2274 
W ards exterior or interior Latex 
Your choice 
GS Exterior 1-coat Latex 
W ards quality latex com es in 3o colors and dries to a blister-resistant flat finish. Easy soap, water wash-up installed continuous guttering m ade right at your home. 

SINGIN’ GENE AUTRY 

 interior 1oo-color paint 
One coat latex dries in hour lo a w ashable flat finish C leans up easily with just soapy water 

Heavy-gauge alum inum guttering with white finish won't crack, peel, blister or rust. It ends the drudgery of yearly p ain tin g — v ir tu a lly m aintenance free. Colors, extra 

^ 
Installed 
^ 
U N . KT. 
REG. 1.89 

GALLON 
REGULARLY 11 99 

 operation 

Dig in with Wards rugged 5-hp tiller. 

Custom made patio covers 

Let Wards build a patio cover or carport to ex­ actly the size you need. 
Spend this summer on your patio in the cool shade. A carport will bring your cur in out of the weather. 

Sold la st year fo r 299.99 

Dtqa-ndahlc Briggs & Stratton en gin e provides power lo teal through hard ground Sixteen 
It steel 11 lies adjust to 12 . 
2 t i o r 2*> wide furrow 
Hor god ( a t iron goat (a se with precision roller bearings 
3 
Hp Idler, reg 
' .'I !fl 199 HH 
STRAIGHT-SHOOTIN 
ROY ROGERS 

♦MATERIALS ONLY — 
INSTALLATION EXTRA 
SAVE $1o 

W ARDS ELECTRIC 
12 CHAIN SAW 
I IM nit .ti saw yt P K H for pruning or c u t t i n g ti re Reg. 59 95 wood * inly 7'v lbs 
$ 19 off. 
Weirds 2o" vanity brightens your bath. 

Save * 15 

W ARDS ELECTRIC 
M C H A IN SA W 
^ 
VALUE 
WARDS 8 ” ELECTRIC CHAIN SAW 

SAVE *15 

WHITE REVERSE 
I RAP TOILET 
SAVE 
*2o 
Let un help you Rive your hath a fresh up-to-date look Choose our cluhsic white or pecan-color vanity and add storage space for hath items or linens. While vitreous china top/bowl is stain resistant. Assem­ ble with only a screwdriver. 
24 ,2-coor model, reg. 1o2 95 . , 79 88 
3o” ,2-door model, reg. 124 95 
, 99.HH 
Vanity unassem bled. Faucet extra. 

REGULARLY 54 *5 

Add stuin-pMml vit­ reous ch mu, saute as in line d in n erw a re 
Anti siphon babcock m eets codes Easy-to cleun design Smooth action flush lever 
Seal extra. 

MIRROR DOOR TUB ENCLOSURE 

I mirror, 
I setm -obscure tempered glass panel 
^ 7 
Handsome aiuiuuiuin 
§ frame 
REG 91 

Installation available 

D O N T POSTPONE HOME REPAIRS — W A R D S CHARO ALL CREDIT CAN H ELP YOU A t FORD THEM NOW — NO DOW N PAYM ENT REQUIRED 
Do it yourself 
IWAI TTI J 

WONDERLAND MALL 

Fredericksburg Rd. at Loop 4IO 
Open IO A.M until 9 P M daily 

MCCRELESS MALL 

So New Braunfels al Souliicrost 
Open IO A M until 9 P M . daily 

WINDSOR PARK MALL 

IH 35 North at W abem Road 
Open IO A M until 9 P M daily 

LACKLAND PLAZA 
RANDOLPH PLAZA 

7569 Highway 9o West 
9oo Pat Booker Road 
Many items available at Wards Neighborhood Stores 
M ARSHAL’ JIM 
ARNESS 

\Save $4o 
-k- 
$-4*;\ 

W ards rocker recliner 
Kock-'n' relax ... 
Upholstered in soft, durable 
Naugahyde- vinyl. Sturdy hardwood frame. 
REGULAR 139.99 

T raditional vinyl sofa 

Wards traditional "Patches" living room group has individually sewn patches on seats, back and inside arms. Correlating solid vinyl com- pletes the look. 1oo3 vinyl up­ holstery not only gives quality comfort but also easy cleaning. 

Matching loveseat, reg. 2 9 9 .9 9 , 2 4 9 .8 8 
Matching chair, reg. 179.99, 149.88 

 mm 
REGULARLY 379.99 
SOFA 
E legant contem porary styled tables. 
Warm, pecan-toned fin- 
^ 
Q Q, ish on sturdy wood prod- 
O O ucts. Parquet-look tops. 
? 
^ 

Reg. 99.99 each 

Walnut grained parquet look 5-pc. dinette set. 

Regularly 219.99 

 vpc. set 36x36"—6o" plastic laminate top; chrome legs. Chrome wire-back chairs are upholstered in cognac- colored vinyl. 
Solid hardwood: pressure laminated lie table top 12 tab tends to VC. I chairs. 
REGULARLY 259.99 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
2-DAY SALE 
SALE ENDS 
TUESDAY 

P 
W 
P * 

Extra firm Americana bedding with colonial print cover. 
3-piece contemporary-styled bedroom group is sale priced. 

Wards innerspring mattress, designed for years of restful sleep. Matching foundation, also on sale, gives pro|H*r support. Quilted soft-touch cover. 
Full-size mattress or foundation, reg. I 19.95 
. . . 89.88 
Queen-size 2-pc set, reg. 299.95 
219.88 
King size 3-pc set, reg. 379.95 
269.88 f win-si/e 
Reg. 99.95 va. 

4-pc. set consists of triple dresser, mirror, full or queen-size headboard. Constructed of oak solids and pecky pecan veneers. Unique drawer pulls and black parting and base rails add appeal. 
249.99 5-drawer cheat 
...................189.88 

 t i 
4 * 
'* - • 4.. * 

T m 
IVV. 
REGULARLY 459.97 

REDECORATE NOW — NO DOWN PAYMENT IS REQUIRED WHEN YOU ADD IT IO YOUR WAI OS CHARO-ALL ACCOUNT cor 
* 
I rt. \ours. 

># 
"* '■“ Pf- 
HNHt 
San Antonio EXPRESS NEW S— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
Page 
I K 
Firm-support mattresses or box springs 

YOUR CHOICE OF SIZES 

TWIN 
MATTRESS 
OR 
BOX SPRING 

Or buy both pieces for 119.76 

MATTRESS * 
PLUS 
BOX SPRING 

3-PC. KING SET 

MATTRESS * 
PLUS 2 
BOX SPRINGS 

 or king 

EACH 
PIECE 

Queen and King sizes sold only in sets 

INNERSPRING OR SEROKOAM POLYURETHANE 

H urry! Hurry! Hurry! Ilon l miss lins great buy. Mon you 

 ra n enjoy good firm support. Willi scientific nag-resistant 

 construction. Plus hundreds of innerspring roils ( P M roils 

 iii the king size a lo n e ). Or rlioose rp/j-iii. Serofoain poly­ 

 urethane. IPs equally firm . So. rise anil shine. Anil rush to 

Sears. O ffer mills Feb. 2B. 

I se S e a m Easy Payment Plan 

S ears Where America shops 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Hack 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 
' -'iv 
-'I- 
:‘f - 
Mexico City to be w o r ld s largest city in 25 years 

WASHINGTON POST StPVICf 
WASHINGTON - 
In less than 25 years. 
Mexico City will be the world’s largest city, with nearly 22 million people — two and a hall' times the projected population of London in the year 
2o(H). 

S . i i i I *;iii Ii» w i l l b r dost1 behind with ii population of ‘JU million — triple the current size of Paris 
According to a recent report from the Popula­ tion Hderelict* Bureau, a 
\\ ashinglon-based organ­ ization that studies world population and migration trends, cities in underde­ veloped countries are growing so (piickly that. by t he end of I Ii is cen­ tury. more than two- thirds of the world s total urban populat iou will 11 \ e 

 i i i them 
Third World 
For tlie first tline i i i history, the report sn,vs, the largest Third World cit ies w ill be bigger I hail any of their counterparts 

 i ii developed nations. 
11 current populat iou trends continue for the next (| Hart er-cen t ii i v . cities like Bogota. Mani­ la. Karachi and .Jakarta will triple iii size. Lagos, w itll a current populat ion of ‘J I million, w ill <) ii a - dimple 

Some cities, w itll po­ pulations already over Kl m illion, w ill double in size i ii the next Kl years 
London and Tokyo, in contrast, will grow less than I per cent. 

Problem s resulting from such rapid growth, the study says. w ill be 
“ gargantuan.” 

Nearly all of the new urban population, half of wInch will be rural emi­ grants aud half oat iv o- boru. w ill be poor Slums ami illegal shuntytow us that surround 
Third 
World cities will balloon; transportation systems that are already night­ m arish W ill get worse; the number of unskilled unemplovcd will multip­ ly. 

W hile nut ny of the problems are tin* unavoi­ dable results of rapid de- v elopm eiit. populat iou growth and scarce re ­ sources. they have been exacerbat cd. the st tidy says, by poor adlumin- 
I ration aud policy makers whose “ attention is elsew here 
Vicious circle 

I ii a v minus circle i i i w Inch tile rich Kiev it ably get richer and the poor got nowhere, the study outlines lund-use policies and land speculation bv the wealthy that provide nowhere for the poor to 

 live 
Forced to set up provided with the most first in line” for services vested in roads for the housekeeping in illegal basic public services. like running water and cars of the rich and uni- shanties on the city peri- 
“ Those with political heat, the study notes, vers Mi es for their offspr- pliery. the poor are not - anfl economic clout are “ P u b lic funds are in- big.” 

Worker on a government-owned PEMEX well in Mexico. Booming oil development is helping the economy — and population — mushroom. 

Sears SALE! Save® 1 5 o on big screen console color T V 

S A L E 

72771 

S A V E *6o on K en m o re continuous-cleaning 
3o-inch gas range 

In 
Inn 

S p e c ia lly coated oven in te rio r w o rk s to clean 

 aw ay food splatters at n o rm al b ak in g te m p e r­ 

 atures. 
B la c k glass oven door, \ isi- B ak c5 

\n to m atie tim in g for hake and off. 

Keuiilar $539.95. E n d m essy d efro stin g jobs. Big capacity 12.28 en. tt. refrigerator. 1.75 en. It. freezer. Adjustable *Spucemaster shelves. 
H u m id ru w e r c o m p a rtm e n t. P o w e r M is e r 

 switch! In white. 

I 7.o eu. ll. frost* less refrigerator 

Big 12.24 in. It. ret rigera tor. 4.77 en. it. freezer, 
W ith crisper, cold tout rot in white. 

 each 

Regular *699.95 each 

25-in. diagonal measure picture 

 ii ss ii firn p* 

 br o il• ••< r r o c x x u 
) @ o o • ••< 
OC*; CXX JJU 

142o— I u t; K l I (.I Us 

1 o o % solid sta ir chassis fur the de­ pendable perform* anre you want. 

S u p e r Chrom ix17 
Ida* k matrix pic­ ture tube (or vivid , realistic color. 

O n e- button c o lo r is adjustable, tunes a true color picture. 
Q u ickly, easily. 

142o— 1 HK MUHM LIU KX t e le v is io n s a le p r ic e s in e f fe c t 

 t h r u S u t u r d a v , F e b r u a r y 2 (>lh. 

Ask about Sears convenient credit plans 

S A L E ! Save *2o to *3o on this large-capacity Kenm ore washer and dryer p air 

Large-capacity 

5-cycle washer 

Regular $32*1.65 

Self-cleaning 299 
95 

Five cycles include permanent press and knit-delicate settings! 4 water lev­ els let you use just the amount of water you need! 5 temperature conbinations. 
In white. 

K e n m o re 1 all-fabric 

 electric d ryer 

Regular $219.95 y l l k *) *) 
Load-A*Door 
^ 
^ 

Dryer senses moisture in your clothes and shuts off automatically! Wrinkle- 
Guard" feature fights set-in wrinkles. 
Touch-up cycle, full-width door. In white. 

Buy KENMORE Appliances with Confidence 

 i f 
You get th e s e TTTm ore cu sto m er b et,wilts 

I. Custom er satisfaction 
5 
W.de selection 

2 Service is available nationwide 
6 Credit to suit most eveiy need 

3 
* nd 
Ash your salesperson for full details pert of the purchase price or et en add* lionet charge 
4 
Quality end dependability 
K enm ore, Si dill As [S e a ls ] 

I i n '* X I) |> O I It XX O K I ) 

It tt* hulked by Sears Advertising Policy w hich require* every advert teed item to In* supported in each tit ort* with toil ficicut merchandise ... It we should run out of any reduced priced Hem during the H ale, 

 we will reorder fur you ut the *<de prier 
Thin doe* not apply to special purchase clearance and cliweout Hale?* where quanti tied are limited 

Kenm ore dryer* require either electrical or ga*, connector* v. Ii ie h are mil included in the price khuMK. 

Vpphttiire »ale price* iii elleci thru 

XX t-diif<*dav. F e b r u a r y I i ii Ii. 

Where America shops 

I tor* Ult tu ti IM.t/o "Mott 

* *»lt i t . n l . i i N i t s {ti t o 
X|#iii .old lin o * ** to n 
XII o l i o I t k o * •» III l l 

XI till,o \ III I* I ‘*1**1 I 
.ll IM* .|.,Ol|o*l It.Not 
XI..O lio n '*.»! 
U Ut U 

I < i*ls.*t P o rk M o re 
**,oi lY t iio .ii I oop I It) 
Xloo, lio n *»,ii 

•I 

N I ll. H I U th I ll m l I - l o i n * ( uwm| ii* m*. a n a **■**«*> .h***.** ai.** .ti V tglil**»*H**»**l -It.r* . I 

 y all.* II* 
'«*.’ ll..*.!. t.i ll.l ll Mf* Wet Omit ti -ti 
UWM*, a « 
Hit 
I s t t n o l U l i 
1.7 I XXI I m i l 'l l 
Hut,....... M JI* **\?H 
I I I . H U H ll. 11 I'jt t M.l 

 ava-7 I'M 

W riting’s fun fo r these kids 

N ew vow TIMES SESVICE 
WALNUT CREEK. Calif. - w riting courses have become so popular at Los Lomas High 
School in this bedroom com­ munity on the edge of San 
Francisco’s suburban sprawl that students now have to be screened to get into the over­ subscribed classes. 
Los Lomas High’s emphasis on the teaching of writing at a time when high schools elsewhere in the country are being criticized for graduating students who cannot or­ ganize ideas on paper is the result of the influence of an unusual three-year-old program called the 
Bay Area Writing Project. 
Based at the nearby Berkeley campus ol the University of Cali­ 

 fornia, the project is an ambitious effort to improve the way that ele­ m en tary and secondary school youngsters write by helping their teachers do a better job of teaching writing skills. 
The project, which operates in nine Bay Area counties, will be ex­ panded to reach students in other parts of California and various ar­ eas of the country as a result of a 
$4til),848 grant just announced by the 
F ederal G o v ern m en t’s National 
Endowment for the Humanities. 

Critique 
What the Bay Area Writing Pro­ ject does is bring together groups of school teachers to share their most successful ideas for the teaching of writing. 

In the sessions, the teachers are required to write and then discuss and critique their writing and the w riting of others. They usually em erge with an appreciation of writing that inspires them to per­ suade their own schools to reassess the approaches use in teaching of writing. 

“The project is different in that it does not involve a group of college professors telling high school teachers what to do,” said Jam es 
Gray, the originator and director of the program at Berkeley. 

“ The idea is that th ere is so­ mething known about how to teach writing and most teachers aren't aware of what's known. We bring the teachers together and let them 

 pass around the information like a from the freshman year through the baton in a relay race." senior year.” 

Berkeley*’* dismay over the writ­ ing deficiencies of its incom ing freshmen was the impetus for the project, which the university says has apparently helped raise scores on the writing sample done bv new students. 

Furthermore, a preliminary eval­ uation of the project indicates that stu d en ts at p a rtic ip a tin g high schools are also doing better on 
College Board tests. 

“ The writing project affected the whole w riting pro g ram in this school,” said Jean K. Jensen, the head of the English Department at 
Los Lomas High “ Because of Jim 
Gray, we rewrote our curriculum 

Los Lomas no longer depends on writing boing taught in connection with re g u la r E nglish courses, which often tend to stress litera­ ture. 

Specific courses in composition and writing skills that were for­ merly not taught until the junior or senior years now are taught in the first two years. 

B ecause stu d e n ts often w rite papers with only the teacher in mind, a common suggestion iii the 
Writing Project sem inars is that they be made to read their papers aloud to encourage them to handle their subject in a way that will ap­ peal to a broader audience. 

ONLY *79 for this Kenmore zig-zag sewing head that sews, mends and darns 

■“ S3 

D ia l th e s titc h you want with this easy-to-see, easv- to-ad just knob. 

Sews buttonholes in a variety of sizes. Looks neat and is so quick and easy. 

Foot control included 
Has v a ria b le sp e e d ; is easy to control. 

FREE SEWING INSTRUCTIONS 
Learn how to use your new K enm ore w ith expert instruction. Free when you purchase an) K enm ore sewing head. 

SEE THE FREE-ARM MACHINES dem onstrated daily at Soar*. Perfect for all those difficult-to-get-at places, like cuffs, collars and set-in sleeves. 

Y ou m ay b e ab le to use these sew ing h ead s in y o u r p resen t S ears case o r cab in et. If n o t, see th e selection at Sears. 

SALE! Save *2o on Sears 

 deep-cleaning Powerm ate1" vae 

1 6 9 95 

R e g u la r $ 1 8 9 . 9 5 . Motorized 
12-in. beater-bar unit adjusts to several rug pile heights, gets up even embedded grit. Power­ ful cord-reel canister and d e ­ lu x e a t t a c h m e n t s for o th e r cleaning. 

Kenmore® s-t-r-e-t-c-h stitch portable 
$99 

Scars low price with dial control 

Now you can sew today’s knits, elastic or woven fabrics with th e p r o p er s t r e t c h to k eep seams intact. Sews family fash­ ions or do the darning in a jif­ fy! Sew s zig-zag, straight and tw o stretch s titc h e s forward and reverse. C om es with foot control. 

Ask about Sears convenient credit plans 

 ti* 
■*•>« -to 

Vacuum and sewing m achines prices in effect thru T ues., Feb. 15 

Custom Shop SALE! 
Save 25% 4-ways 

• Drapery Fabrics • Lining 
• Sheers • Upholstery Fabrics 

Choose from a wide selection of shimmering fabrics. Select matching or coordinating sheers and lining, for formal or cas­ ual window dressing. Bring weary furniture back to life with custom upholstery fabric from a wide selection of textures, colors, patterns. On sale thru Saturday, February ‘26th. 

 r> j Sr 

 r i l l s a h i s t i l k w o r n ) 
It to b u rk e d by 
GG* rti-in # Policy w hich re ­ q u ire * e v ery a d v e rtis e d item lo be M ip p o rtrd in 
♦ ach sto re w ith sui lin e a l uiereltuiidt*e . . . II we sh o u ld ru n lull ol any red u et ti p rie r Hem d u rin g lh** sa te, toe will re o rd e r lu r )u*» at the sale p rie r, Ib is 

 d o r s n o t apply to sp eetal p a reb ase, . h a ran ee an d rh***-owl sale* w here q u an tu m * are lim ited. 

Let Sean* handle your custom decorating from Mart to finish. I*h«u»e for FREE estimated. 
OUST 
(alls 
D o w n to w n IM u/u 
228-4123 
Sears 
Where America shops 

 et Alto. mo* m<« a amu e* I. 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Hat h 

D ow ntow n l*W a Sirree 
S o led ad al N avar ro 
Mon and thai**. ‘C.'ltMI 
III other dat s I MNI 

Military Drivr 
228-5o23 

Xii Hart Drive M**rr at Pleasanton Nitad 
Hon thru Sat. 

 began his career 
By VERONICA SALAZAR 
Krum the classroom to a police boat was a dramatic change for Alfredo C. Gonzalez. 

Central Park 
228-5123 

I e n tra l H ark S |« re 
San IN dm al I iMtp I 111 
M on ibm Sat, 
*»;,Ul-H 

Suddenly he was in a position of enforcing tile law in a city five tunes larger than Ins old home 
Iou n 
And it all started on a dare. Gonzalez was at tending college one sum mer when a friend dart'd him tit join Un' police de­ partment 
A career was the least thing Gonzalez expeeted. 
He was c e rta in lie wouldn't qualify Itocause of Ills height and weight 
— he is short and stocky. 
But if he got the job, young Gonzalez re a ­ soned. at least ll would supplem ent the family income. 
But he did gel the job, and that led Gonzalez lo become one of the first IO 
Mexican A m erican pa­ trolmen to he hired by the Kingsville Police De­ partment He was e\en- ttially to become the first 
Mexican-American chief of police for the City of 
Edinburg and the first 
Mexican-American pre­ sident of the Texas Police 
Association since 1895 lh* is now a leading can d id ate for a P r e s i­ dential appointment as a 
I S Marshall, according to government sources. 
Intelligent 
Gonzalez m ade it be­ cause he is intelligent. 
He is firm straight and fair. It doesn’t make any difference to him whether a person’s name is Garza, Jones, Garcia or Smith The law is the law and his goal is to do a good job enforcing the law as fairly as he can 
The 47-year-old native ol Hebbronville has tx*en 

DEDICATION 
REWARDED 

 enrolled at St. M ary ’s 
University. After one se­ mester he dropp'd out to join the A rm y. He r e ­ turned home in 1952. held different jobs for a year and finally enrolled a1 
Texas AAI under the G I. 
Bill. 
In 
1956 he sta rte d teaching in Hebbronville and coached football. 
Three years later he re­ signed his teaching job to go to work for the Kings­ ville Police Department. 
He recalls the chief of police telling him ‘‘he was not tall enough for the p o sitio n .” hut his high re e o m m e n d a tions made up for his size. 
Captain 
Gonzalez was a patrol­ m an for two y e a rs, skipjMsl sergeant and be­ came patrol lieutenant. 
In two years he was pro­ moted to c a p ta in . He hoi [ant bring more Mexi- ean-A m ericans into the force. 
When Gonzalez (‘ame to 
Edinburg he had 12 per­ sons in the pollee depart mon! and a budget of 
$74,9oo. Today he e m ­ ploys 24 and has a budge! that exceeds $3o7,927. lie started with a three car department and now has 
IO vehicles. 
“ We had one thing then that we don’t have now,” said Gonuzalez, recalling his youth "As a young­ ster, I learned to respect the law. Not very many people today have that respect and they d on’t feel that resp ect can chief of police in Edtn- bring peace,” he said. burg since 19HH. lh* was 
Gonzalez is an advo- selected for the job over cate of the words of Pen­ nine other applicants. In tto Juarez: “ Kl derecho the past IO years he has al respell) ajeno es la reorganized the depart- p a / . ” Iii E nglish thai merit, upgraded training says: "The respect to the and built a complete new rights of others brings public image for the po- peace." lice department. 
Gonzalez is particular- 
The chief is qualified Iv proud of becom ing and so is his department, president of the Texas 
Most ot the 24 members Police Association. He ut Ins at aff arc from the started as sergeant-at- com m um ty and are a rm s in the early 7o’s aware of the needs of the and moved his way up to com m unity. Gonzalez president in I97H He is believes that makes them the first Mexican-Amen- a better judice force and can p resid en t and the gains respect from the only one to serve on the community. 
When he left Kingsville in September of 19oo to lake over the job in 

 organization’s board. 
The association has over 
2,5oo active m em bers and 3oo asso- 
KdmUurg he was notified d a te members. In Gon that ho was the first re- /ales* seven m onths in cipicnt ot the “Outstand­ ing Police Officer Award of Texas” given by tho 
Law E nforcem ent Of* 

 office approximately UMI new members have joined. 
In 197o Gonzalez was fleers A ssociation of one of three from Texas rexas. selected to attend FBI 
The award was given to 
Gonzales for outstanding service 
Gonzalez is one of six children born to Alfredo 
T. and Severa .VI. Gonza­ lez He says he learned lo work al the age of seven liecause he liked to work. 
Ile becam e a shoe shine boy and later got a job in a drug store as a delivery boy earn in g 
$2 5o a week. He soon learned the soda iounlaui business. 
Advanced 
Ills first five years of schooling were at “Cole- gio A ltanuruno under the direction of Srta 
F.milta 
D avila. 
AH courses were taught in 
Spanish and the students were very advanced, especially in m aih arui history, by the time they enrolled in public school 
U nfortunately due lo the lack of English, the s t u d e n t s had to start pu blic school iii the second grade instead of the sixth. 
But they learned English mid were promoted every sem es­ ter They soon caught up with their age group and grade. 
Aller graduating from high school in 195o he 

* A s a youngster I lea rn ed to resfleet the 

I o u '* 

Academy in Washington, 
U U. He is a graduate of 
Ihe FBI N ational A ca­ demy Gonzalez also is qualified him to tench law enforcement. 
Ile sc(*s a very bright future for the Mexican- 
Americans. “ Let's con­ tinue to strive in educat­ ing ourselves Let’s pre­ pare ourselves, qualify ourselves, and prove thai we can do it regard less ol who we are,” he urgtxi 
Hi* adds that anyone can get ahead and prosper hut the main ingredient to do that is preparation 
Gonzalez is a member of the Knights of Colum- bus, serves as an e x ­ traordinary m inister in the Catholic church and belongs to the FHI Na­ tional Academ y Asso­ ciates of Texas, 
He is m arried to the former Marta de la Luz 
Rodriguez The couple tuts two children David. 
21, and Clarts**, HI. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS 

ALFREDO C. GONZALEZ 
A dare 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1 9 7 7 
Studying for money 

,.t 

WASHINGTON POST 
WASHINGTON - 
On a recent Saturday morning, a group of 
6o F airfax County, 
Va., teachers bustled into a heatless class­ room at Fairfax High 
School, armed with thermoses and little snacks, to begin a cou rse that would help them obtain m aster’s degrees in education and. as a resu lt, higher s a ­ laries. 

T h e c o u r s e . 
School 
C o m m u n ity R d a I ions, would be co m p leted in three weekends, just like all the c o u r s e s the te a ch e rs are taking for their degree. When they get it, their degree will co m e from St. T h o m as 
C ollege in St Paul. Minn. 
— a school that most of the* te a ch e rs will never see. 
St. Thomas is one of a g ro w in g n u m b e r of out-of-state schools that h ave c o m e to the W a ­ shington are a in recent years — cam pusless and fro m s e v e r a l h u n d red miles away — to tap what many educators consider to I m * a lucrative market for the adult student. 
T h e m a r k e t is rich here, the educators say. b e c a u s e so m a n y r e s i ­ d e n ts a r e w ell-p aid t e a c h e r s , g o v e r n m e n t w o r k e r s and m i lita r y p e rso n n e l. 
A h ig h e r degree can mean higher salaries for them and the cost of the extra co u rse s is often paid by the tax- payers. 
The som ew hat uncon­ ven tio n al m a n n e r in w hich m an y of th e se out-of-state schools oper­ ate has spawned skepti­ cism among local school o f f ic ia ls about the degrees tieing granted. 
In the 1975-7K school y e a r there w ere 27 out of-state institutions oper ating in Virginia — IK in 
Northern Virginia — w db a to tal e n ro llm e n t u 
31 .(MMI for the courses of fered. As of last fall then were IK such institutions o p e ra tin g in M ary lan d with an estim ated 5,(MHI students enrolled. The ll o u t-o f -s ta te s c h o o ls li­ censed to operate i i i the 
District of Columbia had an e s t im a t e d to ta l e n ­ rollment of KIMI. 
More 

(Education officials in all t h r e e ju r i s d i c t i o n s said there a re probates many m ore out-of-staU sch o o ls o p e ra tin g h e n without their knowledge. 
W ashington a re a re si­ d e n ts ca n ta k e a widt r a n g e of c o u r s e s from such institutions as L a ­ v e r n e .C o lle g e of La* 
V e r n e . 
C a lif .; 
R o ck y 
M ou n tain 
C o lle g e of 
B illin g s 
M o n t.; 
N ova 
U niversity of Fort L au ­ derdale. F la.; and upper 
Iow a 
U n iv e r s ity of 
Fayette, Iowa 
T y p ic a lly , the out-of- state schools operate by renting a suite in a local hotel — in th e c a s e of 
N ova it w as a c h u r c h basement — to serve as a cla ssro o m 
The schools offer degrees and courses they feel certain will al tr a c t a re a re sid e n ts — ra n g in g from m a s te r s degrees in public admin 
(stratum and education to cou rses in transactional a n a ly s is and t r a n s c e n ­ dental meditation They then often hire local re­ sidents as teachers. 

S o m e e d u ­ cators doubt value o f the courses. 

 las al college officials said they are concerned th at th ese o u l-o f -sta U schools are cutting into their turf But, like many educators across the na 
Uon who see the concept of a “ university without w a lls” catch in g on. (hi o ffic ia ls said they also fear that som e students a re being shortchanged by schools that are m o n in terested in tellin g di 
Plumas than offering an education 
D e a n s of th e out-of sta te schools insist they a re pro\ uUng a s e n ice lo local students by offering them the kinds of degre* p r o g r a m s they want us students 
— and by holding classes at hours convenient to the adult w o rk in g s tu d e n t. They 

More e d u ­ cation m eans b i g ­ g e r p a y ­ checks 

 say the “ university with­ out w a l l s " is the way of the future — and a means of survival for financially strapped schools. 
Needs 

“ We arc identifying the needs of education which exist out t h e r e . . . in­ stead of saying to a stu­ dent. here is a group of c o u r s e s , t a k e t h e m or le a v e t h e m , we a r e willing to design a curr i­ culum that the students w an t, t h e n b r i n g it to t h e m . ” e x p l a i n e d Dr 

P au l M otzkus, dean ol field studies for L averne 
C ollege, one of the first schools to begin offering courses locally. 
L a v e r n e now h a s an en rollm ent of 1.o35 s tu ­ dents on its home c a m ­ pus. while an estim ated 
2o,ooo s tu d e n ts ta k e courses the school offers off campus. 
D e a n B r u n d a g e , ad- ministrator of the North­ ern Virginia consortium for C o n t i n u i n g E d u c a ­ tion. said. “ We are con ­ ce r n e d about s h o r tc u ts being taken 
How can a c o u r s e th at would n o r ­ m ally he c o v e r e d o v e r n c \ e r a I w eek s be c o m ­ p leted in a few weekends? What kind of sup en ision can a college give from halfway across the country? 

Designers Paul Schnell, Marjorie Carne and Paul Scott with Frost’s President Murray Berkowitz, second from left. 
Fro st’s staging 
California fete 

Hyatt Regency Los Angeles 

The state of California is bring hon­ ored this month by Frost Brothers in a salute beginning this weekend. 

In coming weeks there will be p er­ sonal ap p earan ces of 21 desig ners, p rincipals and fashion a u th o rities, representing IS of the foremost Cali­ fornia designing firms at F ro st's three 
San Antonio branches as well as the 
Austin store. 
Also d uring F e b r u a r y F r o s t ’s is offering an attendance prize; A Cali­ fornia vacation for two to Los Angeles 

 for a week’s stay at the Hyatt Regency 
Hotel. 
Three trips, each for two persons,, will be awarded. Everyone 18 or older is invited to register in any F ro st store. 
No purchase is required to register or to win. 
The winners will also receive c o m ­ plimentary tours of Lion Country Sa­ fari, Magic Mountain, the Queen Mary and Universal Movie Studios. 
F ro s t’s salute to California also in­ cludes the “ California 77 Art Exhibi­ tion.’' at all F ro s t’s branches. 
Sears 

SAVE 

2 3 % to 3 8 % 

 a 
Your Choice 
266 each 

 a. $ 3 .9 9 , 8-in. adjustable wrem-h l». $ 4 .2 9 rugged ham m er r. $ 3 .9 9 steel rafter square. d. $ 3 .4 9 , 8-in. slip J. plier e. 3.99, MMU tape measure. 

Our lowest price on 1o-in. Craftsman saw outfit 
SAVE *5o 
I *>9 95 

Regular 

$ 2 4 9 .9 5 

Rugged Craftsman outfit includes 
345o rpm capacitor-start motor that develops maximum 2 HP, 2 table extensions, and sturdy steel leg set. 
Partially assembled. 

Save s4 8 on wet/dry vacuum 

Regular separate y 
/ rn prices total $ 1 2 2 .8 9 
• * 

Holds 1.8 bushels dry debris, 
13 gallons liquid. Hose, 2 noz- zels, extensions. 

8 5 9 .9 9 , 5o-am p welding outfit .......................................... 1-4.95 
$ 9 9 .9 5 , Vi H P rugged grinder ......................................... 6 o .8 8 
Sale prices thru W ed., Feb. 16 
SALE! Save $4 on 
I -coat interior latex 
6" gal. 

3o% Off on chain link fabric when installed by 
Sears installers 

4-ft. 5-ft. 6-l‘t. 
2o% Off on 
Western Red Cedar 

 pickets when installed 

 by Sears installers 
4-inch x 6-foot picket 
Call f o r FHKE estimate 

Your 
Choice 
Reg. $ 1 o .9 9 

I 

Latex fla t.C o v ers in I -co at w a s h a b l e , s p o t r e s i s t a n t . 
Available in 24 colors. 

O ilin g puinl. H id es sm all surface defects, reduce glare. 
Fresh, bright white. 

9ooo5 
Sale prier thru I d , , Feb. 16 

,VI>T| 85955 

Ib m m ow n S tore 
M ilitary Drive 
( en n u i P ark 

2 2 8 -1 1 3 2 
2 2 8 -5 o 3 2 
2 2 8 -5 1 3 2 

Limited Matronly 
S ears paints, when applied according to d irec­ tions will cover any color with one coat (except rough or textu red su rfaces) w here indicated ny checkm ark in the chart and have the an alities indicated for the years shown in the ch a rt, or co n ta ct S ears and you get necessary additional paint or money hack. 

T h is w arranty does not include lalior or cost of labor for the application of any paint. 

Interior p a i n t * 

HJIM! Xii 
I i M.11 VV Mil J Mi- 
I satori4*1 rcMMiTtl 
Span rr%i*t ini 
Ilur4* ft* als•% 
9 o o o 5 
✓ 
•I lr*. 
» 
- 
.) >r*. i) f9m» 

7 7 o 6 5 
/ 
5 
5 *r*. i) *r%« 

85o55 y 

Sale price thru Sat., Feb. 2 6 

Where America shops 

77oo5 
Save S 3. Latex 
Semi gin** 
99 
K*1' 
One-coat, washable, •poi re- 
•OISHI and colorfast. Easy la- lea application and cleanup. 
T H IS AD |> OI It Vt ORD ll rn backed by Sears Advect oui# Policy which requires every advertisement item to be supported in each store with sufficient merchandise , . d we should run out of any reduced price item during the sale. we will reorder tor yiai at the sale price 
T h is d o e s not apply lo special purchase, clearance and closeout sales where quantities are limited 

CLOSEOUT! 
All 1 9 7 6 model vanities in stock on SALE 

Classic white 
2o-in vanity with white china lavatory 

R eg u lar $ 7 1.9 9 
F aucet e x tra 51 99 

All sizes- 
All styles- in stoek 
ON SALE 

$ 1 o off w ash eries lavatory faucet 

*> I 88 
Reg. $ 3 1 .9 9 
J L I 

Single control faucet ii washcrlrss. 
Resist* drip- ping and leaking. 

Save $1 on Sears wood toilet tieal 

R eg. $ 5 .9 9 
4 
" 

 f a»)-to-ele*n enamel fin­ ish on wood. lute or bright pastel colors. 

Save $ IO on our china toilet 

Reg. $ 5 6 ,9 9 
*46 
( luna ImimI Midi plastic tank. ti apperil sir flush salve. Seal extra. 

• Bilim bing D epartm ent 

Sale price thru Thun#., Feb. 2 1 

•Mas, tau am a axp « u. 

S u tu r a l h u n ( ta u ra n t a x i o r Y o u r M o n e y H at h 

11,iv, n i t , v> n IM.i/.i S l i m - 

S i l c i t t u l t il N a v a l i 
Matt, and I hoi s. 9 .UM# til olio i d a is ‘t ilt ii 

Mililarv D ust "More al Btl itviiiilnii It * lad th o r thin *u|, 
<1*3o*9 

 t « ut rat Balk 'hMC 
X iii B e l l i ii al I i m p 
I I O 
Mon - thin NO. 
Onto 9 

V t ( M O M H O P M H I s t H I U s i h m s I i i i i n - .m i l v r i v i c e * O w m . i i a t * . , a i \ < 
6 . . . . I a . . ( , , * 
V a il, t H i 
*#ImJ U ntil, i i g a lls r iv I s iiIm i k 4 
IMMU* ll I 
V Sit, Md i moi r-a t I Ut fe lt- V H I 
H i .MUI 
Moi IMMU* Hill W H 
1 1 1 . m m 
O il I P a t i . . * . * KU 

 t i vM T | U | 

M M M 

........... SALE 
Save on tune-up needs 
I 

A. Save $ 5 on inductive I'e n sk e lim in g light 

Fits anywhere on No. I spark <T)f}99 plug wire ... needs no adapters, 

B. Save $ 4 Se ars Best Penske w ire set 

Heat-resistant silicone jacket. | o 9 9 
Withstands high temperatures. X JL 

C. $ 1 o o ff du al-m e te r analyzer 

Performs 3o electrical and ig­ nition tests. For 12 volt. 
89" 

Sa n Antonio E X P R E SS N E W S — 
Sun. Feb. 13 19 
Sears 
Save ®3 on Heavy-duty 
PLUS shocks 
6 

 long; 

99 each 

Warranted for as as you own your car 

((••pillar$ 9.99 .1 .urge I 3 I <>-in. piston prmiiFc,* 

 greater fluid capacity and better ride control 

 than shock- on most standard new ears. W ipcr 

 ring seal helps eliminate leakage past piston . . . 

 keeps out dust and water for dong shock life. 

I its most Am erican-m ade cars, m any imports, 

 pickups and vans. l ast, low-cost installation 

 a\ ailablc. 

D. Save $1 on ign itio n service kit 

Premium quality points, con- 
Q 9 9 

 denser, rotor, grease, gauge. 
O 

$5.99, for 72-'73 cars with unitized points and condensers ...................... 4.99 

Sears Rents Cars 

Rent <i car (or a day. a weekend or longer For reservations, cal! 
224-1793 

U s e y o u r S e a r s c h a r g e c a r d . 

G M and other fine cars available 
J 

Limited warranty on Heavy-duty P L U S (h ock abaorbar (or a* long aa you own the vehicle lf Heavy-duty PLUS shock absorber (ails while tho original purchaser owns (ho car, it will be replaced upon roturn, free of Charge, or tho purchase price will bo refunded lf the defective shock absorber was installed by Sears, wo will install the new shock absorber with no charge for labor. It (tie detective shock absorber was not installed by Sears, instal­ lation of tho replacement shock absorber is not included under this warranty. This warranty does not cover shock absorbers Installed on vehicles used tor commercial purposes 

A sk a b o u t S c a r s S te a r ic !!id c r shock** 

Limited warranty on m uffler for a* Ion* aa you own the vehirlr 

 lf the muffler for American made cars fails while the original purchaser owns the car. it will be replaced upon return, free of charge. or we will refund the pur­ chase price If the defective muffler was instailedby Sears, we will install the new muffler with no charge for labor lf the defective muffler was not installed by 
Sears, installation of the replacement muffler is not included under this war rantv. 

Sears alum inized m u fflers 

A lu m in ize d to help resist rust- 
R e g u la r $ 18.99 

 causing m oisture. Fit over 9 o % of A m erican-m ade tars. Fast, low -cost in sta lla tio n a v a i l a b l e . 

( Champion s p a r k p lu g s 
1 4 s* 
69 

S a v e 15% S c a r s 
S p e c t r u m oil 

N on-rrt*i»lor Ivjm*. Help*, g iv e g o o d p e r f o r m a n c e an d top m ileage. 

K e g . 75* 6o Mi. 

Se a rs lies! 
I OW lit oil. 
I f <-11>- p ro le ) I cur » < len in 

 ill a l l v n e a l b e i " I 
- e . is o t i . 

69 

*89.99 front disc. rear drum 

W arranted com plete brake jobs 

# 79.99 from anil rear 'Iriiiii 

8 « 

( M o s t A m e rican e a r*) 

C o m p a re — 
H e re 's XX hat X o i l G e t ... 
C o m p le te B r a k e Jolt In clu d e s: 

I urn all drums: indelible or resurface rotors 
Install custom ground A L L NEVC S H O E S or 
A L L N K W F R O N T DISC] F A D S 
Rebuild all wheel cylinders a n d /o r calipers 
Install A L I. N EV I d u r n and hold-dow n si rings 
Install N E W front oil seals 
Repack front wheel hearings 
Inspect master cylinder and rear wheel seals 
Inspect parking brake assembly 
Inspect all hydraulic lines 
H ush . hired hydraulic system 
Road test car 

E le ctronic 

-spin wheel 

 b a lan cin g 

K e g . J*I(» f o r I w h e e l s 
88 

 for I v* h e e l s 

Tough 4-ply polyester tires 

A 7 8 - 1 3 b la c k w all a u d o ld t ir e 

S ar* 
Guardsman anil old lire 
Si'jr- (.riff blurt*« ill 
I'lu- t . f . l 

X T N - 1 3 
1 6 . 5 o 
1 . 7 2 

R T K 
I S 
1 8 . 5 o 
1 . 8 2 

( . 7 8 
I t 
2 o . 5 o 
2 . o 1 

1 . 7 8 - 1 I 
2 1 . o o 
2 . 2 . 1 

I 7 8 
I t 
2 2 . o o 
2 . 3 7 

( . 7 8 - 1 4 
2 
4 
( H ) 
2 . 3 7 

1 . 7 8 - 1 5 
2 1 ( H ) 
2 . 5 ‘» 

1 1 7 8 - 1 5 
2 o . o o 
2 . 7 o 
1 6 5o 

 p l u s $ 1 . 7 2 

 f cderal 
E v e is r Tax 

I p l i e s of s t r o n g p o l y e s t e r c o n i 

 h e l p p r o v i d e n i n n y m i l e - o ! 

- m o n t h , c o m f o r t a b l e d r i v i n g 

S c a r s G u a r d s m a n al v a l u e p r i c e s ! 
I i ber glass belted tires 

L 7 H - I 3 w h ite w a ll a u d o ld lire 

 l . u n b u u 
H f l t f i l a n d o l d l i r a 
S e a m p r i e r w h i l e wall pita* i I T 

( 7 7 8 - 1 3 
2 8 . 8 8 
2 . o 1 

1 ) 7 8 - 1 I 
2 o . 8 8 
2 . o o 

K 7 8 
I t 
3 o . 8 8 a 
* 
. 
_ _ | 

K 7 8 - 1 I 
3 2 8 8 a a a 
% 

( . 7 8 - 1 4 
3 4 . 8 8 
2 . 5 8 

1 1 7 8 - 1 I 
3 6 . 8 8 
2 . 8 o 

( . 7 8 - 1 5 
3 4 . 8 8 
2 . o 5 

1 1 7 8 - 1 5 
3 o . 8 8 
2 . 8 8 

1 , 7 8 - 1 5 
3 o . 8 8 
3 . 1 2 
2888 plus $2.o1 
F L T . 

G u a r d s m a n b e l t e d h a - 2 f i l l e t 

 gl a - s b e l t - a n d 2 n y l o n c o r d p ile * 

I hit I w o r k t o g e t h e r to h e l p g i v e c \ - 

 e e l l ent t r a c t i o n a n d we a r . 

 ll 

Cajm putcrized m eth­ od lie !p.-g i v e scientific 

 a c c u r a c y iii both sta­ tic aud d y n a m ic b a l­ 

 an cin g for m ost ra d i­ 

 als, belted tires and 

 light t r u c k tires. 

X i l r i i l i o n u l 5 ( o * p e r w h e e l 

 f o r " M 
X I , " w h e e l s 

P rices (food thru Sn!., I eh. f9 ih 

Fiber glass belted radials 

 ll .'It.ti and '.lit lift- s*ur. pelf • 
%* Iitl'-M all 

— l»tu* 
I I I 

XH7K-13 
3o.oo 
I HI lf It 78-13 
38.oo 
2 IM) 

1)1(78 I I 
38.oo 
2.27 
I 
I ll78 l l 
3o,oo 
H i 
: 
I 1178-1 I 
43.oo 
2.51 
| 
(.1(78 I I 
15 OO 
2.oo 
111(78 I I 
18.oo 
2.88 
I 
(.1(78 15 to.OO 

 h ■ ................. 4 
2 7o 
I 
IIR78-1 5 to.OO 
2 OI. 

IU T H I.5 
5 1 .OO 
3 2 8 

V 7 8 - I 3 w h i t e w a l l a u d o l d I in * 
$36 p l u s 

I 
I 

2 fiber gb i­ 

 ra d ia l pile- 

 l i c i t - .I I U I J p o Iv 

 h e l p p l o v ( l i e l l • 

Ut 

- l e i 

 ive h a n d Ii nu a in I lo n g m ile a ge 

\ * k a b o u t Scars, c r e d it p la n s 
M o u n t i n g a n d r o t a t io n i n c l u d e d 

P rice* G o o d thru XX cd.. I eh. K i t h 

VfilttMrv Hr 'iB fr 
I t nt,iii t*Mfk 'lu ff 
I ru< k I *r« 
Mi C if 4-jiih iii Hti 
-. "i t‘i itr.i <«l I tMtg l i t ! 
I • til# r 

Vuittnutlitt J J U ai.’K VuimiHiit*# J 2 H -5 IJ H 
M H N Ib ik l n i 

I IM-. g .'K SOMX l i m 2 2 H - 3 l* i 
JJM io u ) 
VI.,ll t h r u *Ml 
M i n i 
I ti IU S u i 
'bill I ti i i i - l l 
N M 
H ‘I 
L IO-Y IU 
Where America shops 

 t h is n lo s ii |*l,if.i 'lu ff 

 v u l f i W al X < *» ff« 
XuUtmulttr J J U - M JH 
I ire* JJM- M O '. 
Mini Mini I bur*. • .Ml-1* 
Im, . 
, to . * * l 7 tu b 

■“ N E I G H H O R IO M i l l S T O R E * I NMM! IOMI- iM't S ft u f* **< 

SI. A B S , B O I S I K B A S I * I •' 
X a lle v - I i i b* 1*5511 

‘H iJ H a n d e r a H it 
112-2 I'M 

 it «Im> «i V ri|h ti.iih i»a M w ti immmmmmm 

I u o i r-.il I ii, 

I IU M I * U 
VV 
XX t im It l l h i l t P a l lim it* ! i It ll 

3 3 3 *2 9 1 1 ) ti i l l 7 p i I 

P ru d h o m m e a n d his $ 5 o ,o o o c a r 
The car is [funny;'' cost isiTt 

IDS ANGUIS UMI 
L O S A N G E L E S - When Don E n id bonnne built Ins first dragster a s a teen ager iii 1959, lit* started by poking around junk yards for an old I hrvsler engine block lie got one for less than $1 (ML 

The finished car cost maybe $2,8oo, plus a lot ut man hours in Ins backyards. 
Today the man known as Snake drives a new 
Plym outh Arrow funny ear that cost him ap proximately $5o,o(81 
A funny ear is a short-wheelbased. nitro* burnmg dragster wUlt a plastic replica of the itod.v til an A m e rican passenger ear sitting on 
I op of it 
Tile vv lid. v o- lat tie cnmhinat iou <d a stock ear and the speed el a lop fuel dragster has made it d rag r a c in g ’s most exciting event since it was introduced i ii l%7 

 a s a class called “Super 
Experimental* “ 
Originally, funny ears were h o le more than home hut It modified pas­ senger ear bodies bolted to a dragster-like chas­ sis. Now they are exotic, one-of-a-kind machines 
— and expensive 
Moolah 
'Lake (lie financial fi­ gures on P riidhom m e’s new ear body ($2o,ooo), chassis ( S n ood), engine 
($18,888 and you need se- 
\ era I of them I To got to lite track you need a truck ($18,888) aud a special trailer tra n ­ sporter ($15,8881 
In the last two years, racing a ( hex v Monza- bodied tunny ear, Prod- iioiiime ran up the most re m ark able record iii drag rat ing history lh* vv un Ll m ajor National lint 
Rod Asso ciation events rn hi starts, two 
W inston W orld c h a m ­ pionships and becam e the first to break the six -secmid harrier iii a funny ear with a 
5 OH-scrolld run Iii I In 
IOT» World Finals at On lat in Ile ran 5 o7 at Un 
Iuds Nut lanais last Sop 
(ember. No other drivel 

 h a s es cr bettered 8 OI 
Yid. Ibis season he e scrapping Hit* Monza aru. p u t t i n g it i i i H arrah ** 
Nut ti Museum ut Nevada in cam paign a new A r ­ row Why'* 
“All the time we were driv m g tile Monza we didn't get a penny from 
Chevrolet or G eneral 
M o t o r s , '’ said the 
Toy ear-old Prudhomme. 
“ Last year, < hrvsler told os it would like In have a funny ear built wit It an 
Arrow lindy aud could w< help them 

G II ii ii ii 
( herrolet never coit- 
I i i Im I a l a f i r m l y 

It was the first indi­ cation tit assistance from a m ajor m anufacturer since 1878 when Chrysler sponsored the XX ildltfe 
M acing Team w ith I lie 
Snake I Prudhomme) and the 
M o n g o o s e 
(T om 

McEwen). We felt it w as ait opportunity we couldn’t pass, e s p e c ia lly after we studied the aer* od v n a in I»•* «d I lie new 

A cur t h a t 
(li sts 
$ruKOOo is ii I u n - 
( ( i m m ini 

 creating a new tunny car'.’ 
E ssentially Hie only dllleretire between the 
Monza and the Arrow is 

 i i i body coni tgui at loll 
The tubular chassis aud the raring engines are basically the same 
To create a new hotly you start w 11 Ii a show room stork ear ll is waxed to a high glow aud covet ed w till a Hun coal of liber glass to make a mold for a “ plug” eat 

Then comes lite part tricks 

Japan 

Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back 

 get!m g Vrrow aeeeple* bv the M I R A rules emu nittier It was original! limit ut .Lipan so fientg foreign cur it was no eligible 
However th 
M I K \ amended its (un­ to make ti acceptable th) 
Near 
How iii! v nu co aion 

VV itll t h e plug which is an exact duplicate id the s t o c k body made from fiber g la ss — the body bu ilder must st retell I lie w heel ha s e from the stock 81 inches to 128 inches; eliminate 

I lit- t eat w indow , univ c 

 t h e s t ile w indow s lot vs ai d and make them smaller and form a bubble over 

I lie real w heel wells to aeemiiinodatr the huge racing slicks 
Width 

( >t11v the width remains the same, as the Arrow s 
82 inches happens lo also be the M I K A limit 

" E v e r y alteration is dune for solely aud speed.' said 
E lm e r 
Pecka. who built the new body for P ru d h o m m e 
“ And safely aud speed go h a n d in h a n d 
What s good for one is good lot the utile) 

Stretching out tile eat makes ti more aerodymi­ mic hut ti needs refine­ ments to he ready lo 

I ai c 

“ A stock body would take ult aud fly at 288 mph ii we didn t have spoilers and the roof att g|e c h a n g e d ,” said 
P ru d h o m m e 
“ They serve lo keep the air away from beneath the ear and give us the downturn* we need lo sE iy glued to the ground 

The high point id flu* roof must he on the center fille of the te a t wheels to accommodate tfie driver s protect ive roll cage This gives the car the appearance ol being tilted from rear to front 

An attempt is made to 

 keep proper proportions so the ear will retain Ila* appearance ut the show­ room model 
Slants 

“ I lie front grille on the stock \i row sla n ts iii sa id Pecka 
We hail to r e d e s ig n It to slant up- w an ts from tlx IniUom lo elim inate the air catch ll the automotive indual i y would look closen at the changes we make, it would go a long wav toward conserving fuel lite alterations we make to get more speed would have a similar effect on saving fuel because tMdh involve the liest un I hod of m ovin g the vehicle through the aff smoother 

Pre-Season 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sun. Feb. 13 1977 

Air Conditioner 
TUNE-UP 
J * * * *' f a W 
: <• 

“ A n n a C h r i s t i e . “ file 
Eugene O 'N eill play due in April on Broadway 
Braid ice slopped m i n ­ utes la t e r as Q u i n t e r o jum ped up to revise the action. Instructions were whispered, then as he put an a rm in demonstration a ro u n d loose b lo n d e 

 tresses that tum bled like an a u r e o le a b o u t h e r sho uld ers, the d ir e c to r explained more loudly: 
“ You lilt him . but you feel his strong a rm about you." Ile kept pronounc­ ing h e r n a m e “ l i v e ” a lth o u g h it c o r r e c t l y rh y m e s w ith 
“ e v e . ” 

 intent Iv, left hand c u p ­ ping chin. T h e star from 
Oslo and .John L ith g o w fro m P r i n c e t o n , N J , 
( ontinued the scene from 

Any Sears Window Unit with Slide Out Chassis 

Regular $ 4 2 .9 5 

14.95* 

228-4o1o 

Power Mower 
TUNE-UP 
SPECIAL 
(Spars Brands Only) 

C a t i l i n e N o l a n (Pu-li Tv pet 
M ow er l l NK-l I* 
C H A R G E IT 

 on Sears 
Revolving 

(-barge into the jumpsuit 

S e l f - P r o p e l le d M o w e r 

R e g . p r ic e w ill I m - 

H i l li n g M o w e r . 

R e g . p r ic e w i l l Im- S 2 9 

R e e l- T y p e M o w e r 

R e g . p r ic e w i ll Im- s I It 

H e e l - I v p c M o w e r I lin e 

 a n d - l i a r p c i i i n g . 

R e g . p i le e w i l l lie .->27 

 ll HK K S \\ ll V I S t; \ U s SCHN ICH INCI.I HHS 

I. Biali.-SII 
I 
I lunge I I i i a. ( lie. k Ignition Sv-tein leaned ii ( lean -spark Plug- 
7. I lie k I . . . i i i pre.—-ion and Naive- 

I o r N o m i oiiv m i m e r . . .I eave N o u r M o w e r 
.ii die S -a rx S h ire N r a r r d Non o r al S e a r- C e n tra l Service 

 ll N on P r e fe r . . . S e a r- will piek-up anil d e liv e r y o u r m o w e r. (Sd.OO D elivery C h arg e). 

I r a t i i i n g h o o d . K a n g a r o o p o c k e t . 

Cl ink led p olyester and r o l l o n , a-1 A 

Navy cotton denim jumpsuit in a -Id 

Sears Central Service 
I 1o2 N. Ilaekherrv 

 i Cfi eel Olm tebruarv 2Hlh on Spur* Kevolving < burge 
So com fo rtab le 

Bouncy pla ntation crepe -ole- give a lift lo rojM* trim wedge. Supple ure­ thane uppen», cushioned ny Ion tri­ cot lining. Tan, russet or navy, 5-9, IO. 

• I he Shoe llw r 

S W H 

$ 3 . o o 
W hole Am erica *hop% 

I C 
, Mi* n» h r i e j - I . . I . 
—..I. ,1,4 
Nj* jim 

V I..., j i m ) l i l t , , - t i . - . 

VII . . . I m r .I j . - *. i i . It 

I i u l t j I 1‘ j r l . -.<•«■« 

 a i, I ’. 4 , „ 4 . I w u i H o 
Mom ll,, it -4. 
** ll. *» 

Regular ^ 11* 

*vul.' proc giMul lltru tehruarv 19|h 

I • *»•» ,1 I*J. V -Mw* 
C r4*w t i I u*<$t I IU 

Hmm 
I A lw —4 , 
•* OI I 

•M M M M I M I * * « * • i t * 

Om tfatm ttu* ar > 

Secret agents 

I believe the agents n ill cause the next sea nihil in spurts . . . " — . ii 
McGuire. Marquette I nirersily. 

By DAN LAUCK 

NEWSDAY SERVICE 

They are there because thens is money. Lots of money. Money to be banked and invested and secured and insured. 

And. with some of them, money to be diverted and swindled and stolen and rolled in. They are the agents of sport. 
They do not like that word — agents. 
The law vers among them usually re­ mind you they are attorneys. The ones who are not prefer to be called sports representatives. 
Agent, sports representative, what* ever, they are an outgrowth of the industry of sport, and they are every­ where. 

They befriend 13-year-olds who can 
.jump up and see themselves in glass backboards. At that age. in the 
Bedford-Stuyvesant ghettos of the country, a pair of sneakers and occa­ sional subway fare are all it costs to buy a player. 
By the time the 13-year-old is 19 or 
2(1. the agent might have to send the player a couple of hundred a month, or an advance of $5.oo(1 or a new Fddorado before the draft 

But even a $5,ooo advance is nothing if the player is a first-rounder. The agent can make that much back in an hour of negotiation. And. if the player is a A nims Erv ing, all the agent has to do is guard the player with his life and he can retire wuh him. 
So. to secure someone like a .blinis 
Erving some agents will go to almost any length They will sax anything. 

First of four parts 

 i 
North Carolina basketball coach Dean Smith said he was offered a bribe of 2*^ per cent of a player’s contract by a New York agent who wanted to sign one of his players. 

 i New York agent Norman Blass secured former Morgan State basket­ ball star Marvin Webster as his client, then arranged for Webster’s coach to be paid bv the Denver Nuggets as a scout. 

 i Detroit Pistons guard Ralph Simpson, in a sworn deposition, said his former agent told him that he was afraid of going to jail for falsifying federal income tax returns. 

 i Pat Thomas and Jackie Williams, football players at Texas X&M two sears ago. sa> the> were told by a Houston agent they could sign a contract with him before A&M’s appearance in the 1975 Liberty Bowl, which they did. v 
They did not find out until a few days before the game that their signatures had made them ineligible. Eventually, Thomas signed with live agents and W illiams three before going to the pros. 

Sunday 

K x p r P K K - S > W 
K 
F L C s h o c k e d , P a g e 9 S SPORTS 
P a g e ’ s b o w lin g , P a g e OS 

H 
February I 3 I 9 7 7 
Arkansas clinches title tie 

Jeff Grossman, 

San Antonio’s 

 only 

 courtside 

 reporter 

 at the 
Y *V 

All-Star game 

 in Milwaukee 
Stars clash today 

By JEFF DROSSMAN 
O f THE EXPRESS N EW S SiA ff 

M ILW A U K EE - The chaos known as All-Star weekend swung into high gear here 
Saturday as NBA and learn officials as well as coaches, players, publicists and writers created the largest invasion since D-Day. 

There was the Doctor and Big 
Mao fighting through a crowd <d young autograph hounds al the air­ port a bggage claim: the Bourd of 
Governors acting like a hung jury. minding for hours on end; and Pete 
Vlaravieh saying tin* game should lie a winner take ail proposition. 
And through it all. Tommy llein- sohn did not get thrown out of tilt bar. 
Although many dispute the fact the main event of this veritable three-rum circus takes place Sun d ay ut 12 45 p.in. when the East meets the West in the 27th annual 
NBA All-Star game at Milwaukee 
Arena. 
The East leads the series. 17-7 
M aravich. the Jazz guard vvh< will start for the East. claim s i would add incentive ii the winners were awarded $2.(Min and the losers received only expenses 
Currently, the winners get $1 .(NKI and the losers $H5(i, which is not exactly your minimum wage. 
But Deliver s L in y Brown, coach of the West team, sounds like In wotild come here even if he had pay hts own way 
Three Nuggets — forwards David 
Thompson and Bobby Jones along with center Dan Issei — join guards 
Paul Wcstphu! Phoenix) aud Norm 

Nee (.ERV IN, Page HIS 

L IT T L E ROCK (A P ) - Tho 
Lith ranked Arkansas Razor- backs wrapped up at least a share of the Southwest Confer­ ence championship by beating 
Rice 78-51 Saturday night. 

The Razorbacks broke the game open by reeling off 18 unanswered points midway through the firs! half. 
The victory also gave Arkansas a bye to the finals of the SWC postseason tournament March 5 at Houston. 
1941 

Arkansas is 13-1) in the SWC and 22-1 for the season. The championship is 
Arkansas’ first since the Razorbacks shared the title with Southern Meth­ odist University iii 1958 Arkansas has not won a SWC basketball title outright since 1941. 
The Razorbacks can wrap up the undisputed title Tuesday night by heating hapless Texas C h ristian 
University at Fort Worth. 
Arkansas hit its first five stints from the Held and got off to a HI-4 against 
Rice. Arkansas led 2o-13. lint then ran off 18 straight points to take a 38-13 lead. 
Arkansas led 44-21 at the* half 

24 points 

Marvin Delph led the Razorback* with 24 points before leaving the game seven minutes deep i i i the second half. 
Delph had 14 points in the first half, 
Senior Ray His Buckner came off the bench and scored a career high 14 points 

R IC E (51): V a le 3 1 3 / . Thom as 5 O O IO, Ja c k s o n 
I O O ? , C un n in g h am 3 O O 6. D u rd en 5 5 6 15, L a n e o 
o o o, Lo u w e rs e J o o 4. M itie r ? o o I F o r r e s t o 3 4 3, 
Sun m ons o o o o Totals ?t 9 13. 

A R K A N S A S (781; (.ounce o ? I ?. Deiph IO 4 5 24, 
Stroud 1o 18 Bre w e r 5 OO IO, M oncrtef ? o o 4, 
Schall 2 o o 1. Buckner I O O I t Trum ba 1 o o 2, Zahn 
1 2 3 4 Nutt 12 2 4 G e a rin g 1o o 2. P d g rin i o o o o 
Totals 34 IO I i 
H a lftim e 
Ar k a n s a s 44, R ic e 2! 
Totoi touts- R ic e 

16, A rk a n s a s 18 
T e ch n ica ls — O ch rin g , A rk a n s a s 

A —8 2o4 

M ustangs rally to down A ggies 

DALLAS (A P ) — Freshman Richard 
Harris hit a 15-foot jump shot with two seconds remaining to give Southern 
Methodist a 7o-68 Southwest Confer­ ence victory over Texas A&M Saturday night. 
The Mustang triumph tightened the battle for the vita) fifth-place spot in 
Hie SVVt standings Fourth-place A&M is now 7-5 Texas is 7-B and SMU 7-7. 
The fifth-place team gets the last home berth of the first round of the SWC postseason tournament. 
The Mustangs shot Btl per cent i i i the first half in taking a 51-41 lead at intermission, lait they shot only 33 per cent in the second half and scored only 
19 points. 
A&M led 16-6 in the early going but 
SMU fought back to tie I ho game at 
3o-3o with 6:5o left in the half. Then in the next four minutes, the Mustangs outscored the Aggies 2o-4 to take a 
16-point lead ut 5o-34. 
Harris, freshman from Miami, ria., who scored only eight points in the game, hit hts winning basket after 
SM I s Pele Lodwlek stole the hall with a minute left to play. 

P E R F O R M IN G A G A IN S T the glass at the Bowling G reen State 
U niversity natatorium are divers of Kent State U niversity and 

Bowling G reen University competing in the Mid-American Confer­ ence swimming meet. — A P W irepho to 

T E X A S A E M (M D 
Ja n e * 9 16 21. TV 
S w a i 

& 4 IO Ceder >>o«’ I I t 3, SvtaM tn c I o I J G a ff ( 
F o re m a n 7 J I 17, Vchlu her 4 3 5 l l , C a rte r 2 
H am m o nd o UU ll Total* 29 IO 17 68 

S O U T H E R N M E T H O D IS T (7o1 
R u tx n to n 8 

S*ediu'> d e I I 14, J S w an so n I OO J H a le 
LO dwick 6 3 4 IS, H a r r is 4 g o 8, Car a v o id I 
A rnold o o o o T e ta l* 79 I? IS 7o 

H a lf t im e — S M U 
S I. 
T e x a s A A M i i 

 lo u t* - t e » a s A A M 71. S M U >9 
F o u le d out 

Sw anson, F o re m a n 
J S w an so n M ale l e i hi 

S M U co o th A d en A 
8.378 

 son 5 ooo, 
o o 4, 

D o t 

N 

R ik ’s ahead 

PA LM SPR IN G S. Calif. L \ P ) - Rik 
Massengak*. a front-runner all,the way, built his round on an eagle-birdie burst, 

 shot a 7(1 and established a commanding six-stroke lead Saturday in tilt1 fourth round of the five-day, 9o-hole, $2oo,ooo Bob Hope 
Desert Golf ( lassie. 

The soft*H|)oken Mussengale played well nut of the way of the happily shouting, shov mg. nulling mob of about 211.ooo that followed former President Gerald 
Ford. Mussengale compiled a 72-hole total of 27o. a 

✓ r n A I lo:, st tilths 
;;s 

 whopping 18 under par for one round over eac h of the four desert courses used for this, the longest tour­ nament the touring pros play ail season. 
A deeply frustrated Bruce Liet/ke. whit has chased 
Mussengale throughout the tournament, could do no belter than a round of par 72 on the 6.911-yard lac 
Quinta Country ( lid) course and fell from four strokes back to six behind at 276 
Liet/ke, suddenly one of the game s brightest stars with two victories to his credit this season and an unbroken string of 25 consecutive rounds at par or better, admitted he had “ very little confidence going into the* last round. 
“ B lk is playing aw fully good g o lf." said the 
25-year-old Liet/ke. whose round required 36 putts from his cross-handed style “ All I can tin is try to play my own game, throw some birdies at him and hope he makes a mistake. But he hasn't made any yet aud the way he's playing it looks a little doubtful that he will, " 
Tech socks Texas 

T V , R a d io Lo g 

TELEVISIO N 
11:45 a in (iii ll) — Soccer. 
Noun (th I) — Grandstand 
12 IU pm ti h 
I) — College Bas­ ketball; Michigan vs. Indiana. 
LL JO pill (CH 5) — sunday with the spurs. 
12 Ii pm O h i| — M IX XII Star 
Game. 
I p in Oh (It — Gram! P m Tennis springfield I rums ( lassie, Singles and 
Doubles Finals 
I pm O h l l ) — the Xineriean 
'sportsman William stainer rvptorrs one ol the richest wildlife regions In liar won loins of boa. with pal IP a L r 

 interest in the mountain leopard. 
2 p m, O h 
12) — I S 
Busing 
I hampiunships: Second quarterfinal card series ut eiiminatiun huuis to determine I S. champs in all wright classes. 
2 p.m. O h il l — Knockout Boxing 
Highlights. 
Itll p ut. O b ll — Grandstand 
3 p i i i . O h I) — Boh Hope Desert 
(•eld ( lassie, Final Round 
I l l P rn O h, 12) — Xltdr World ut sports: Women's Xlasters Stirling 
I hamptoHsbipx; W inlet national Drag 
Racing t hampionshlps; World Speed 
Skiing I baiuptoHxhips 

LU BBO C K (AIM — Mike Russell scored 32 points, including three key Ihrce-pomt plays, to lead Texas 
Tech to an H7-69 Southwest Conference victory over 
Texas in a regionally -televised game Saturday. 
Consecutive three-pomt plays by Sieve Dunn and 
Russell climaxed a run of 12 straight points by the 
Red Raiders after Texas had taken an early 12-6 lead 
Tlu* Longhorns never led atter that although they tied the game 32-32 inst before halftim e, but substitute guard Keith Kitchen* hit a basket to give the Red R a id e rs a 
14-32 lead at intermission 
Kitchens hit five straight baskets tor all 111 of hts taunts iii the first half 
I tie Longhorn* were Its! bv John Mi sire with 23 points and Hon Baxter with Hi 

( H 
E I I C I 
O u i It * / 
# tv p u t* ,,, t ) lo d e DO M o m * « 

 t l l 
» tiv o c * I > t 9 Ooo** »< S lu g I I I * N < nu t) I U U U M u i m s, u v u 

 ft AAV (ECM (871 D> »*» J o i I* t awgtti, * m i« ll *9 

 f*i 

BURGGRAF 

T i r e 
S t o r e s 

STAR 
TIRES 

A DIVISION OF KELLY SPRINGFIELD 

ONE OF THE NATION S 
OLDEST A LARGEST TIRE 
MANUFACTURERS OF 
PREMIUM TIRES. 

 is 
STEEL BELTED RADIALS 
4o,ooo MILE TREAD LIFE EXPECTANCY 

PRICE PIR 

I I I * 

1 4 3 . o o 

I183. nih91. 

PLUS F.I.T. FROM 2.o? TO 3.46 
FIBERGLASS BELTED 
3o.ooo M IK t r i a d life iX P iC TA N C Y 
FULL 4 PLY POLYESTER CORD 

• WHITEWALL 

• TUBELESS 

• DEEP THREAD ff(Ki 
FREE 
MOUNTING 
BALANCING 
ROTATION 
FLAT REPAIR 

• WHITEWALL 

• TUBELESS 

UXI 
P a ia pen 
I yV O i 
PR ICI PER s n O f s 

D G VI— 
" T 
O 
C 

‘ 78*14 
! 
2 6 . o o ^ 
1 o 4 .o o 

678*14 
SSS- 
H T S . IS 
■H E I 
1 1 2 .o o 

2 9 . 5 o „ 
1 1 8 .o o 
IHT- 
L Z * .(| 
3 1 . 9 o 
MIM 

 sui 
PRICK PSR 
.FCH 
PRICK PU 
HI Of 4 
A7«*n 
4.1 4 
2o.5o 
82.oo 
IffiiTk fr»*)4 
23.5o 
94J)o 
69!* I! or««is 
25.oo 
1oo.oo 
UNIT!. myt«is 
26.5o 
1o6.oo 
Iff*ti l/lxll 
-ra m 
28.5o 
IfgSTTl 
114.oo id L f r 
1825 Brood way— 226-71o3 
W e e k d a y s 8* 
2331 W. Commerce 227-51o6 
5*3o Sat. 8-12*3o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 13 1977 
Secret agents stir sports furor 

Continued from Page IS prom ise anything, do anything. Mon­ ey. ears, anything. Just sign. 
Many of the players do sign, e n s ­ n a rin g th e m s e lv e s in lev els of w heeling and d ea lin g they a re not prepared to handle. Those players are white and black, poor and not, but a preponderance of those who suffer are black. 
The reasons are simple: the percen­ tage of blacks in football and basket­ ball is high. And, too, when a white all-American halfback graduates from 
College some sophisticated white bu­ sinessman is often there to help him. lf the halfback is black, a businessman seldom is around. 
Wooden got offer 
It s not just players who become in­ volved. Northwestern basketball Coach 
Tex Winter doubts that more than a 
Couple of coaches in the country who have couched lirst-round draft choices have not been subjected to “ offers.” 
* Even John Wooden, whose priestly im a g e w ould seem to m a k e him beyond approach, said he once was offered m oney and the p ro m ise of 
£ re a t high school p ro s p e c ts to in ­ fluence his players to sign with one agent. 
E ven people in the b u sin e ss a re amazed that some agent would have the gall to offer John Wooden money. 
“ You gotta re m e m b e r, th o u g h .’’ iaid Texas Coach Abe Lemons, “ that if the money gets big enough, the name 

O E N - 
E R O , I N C . 

SAN ANTONIO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 

A N N O U N C E S A N E X C L U S IV E S H O W I N G 

O F THE 
1 9 7 7 C ESS N A M U LTI-EN G IN E 

BUSINESS AIRCRAFT FLEET 

F e b ru a ry 16, 8 .o o A M . T O 6 : o o P M . 

SN EA K PREVIEW THE N E W C E S S N A 

441 TURBO JET O N FILM 

Bob 
Lowery 
AC 512 
824-2313 

 gets s m a lle r. If y o u 're o ffe rin g a hundred thousand, there’s no coach too big for you to approach. Besides, ac­ cepting that money isn’t against the law, just against an NCAA rule. People go to .iud for doing in the banking bu­ siness what people do in the sports business every day.” 
And so no one is beyond question. 
Not agents, not players, not coaches, not owners, not leagues. 
“ It’s gone on so long, said retiring 
M a rq u e tte b a s k e tb a ll 
Coach 
Al. 
McGuire, “ that everyone is soiled.” 
Under the table 
And. yet, hardly any of this is known publicly because it is a business that o p e ra te s tin d er th e ta b le . Not all agents are devious or dishonest, of course. Maybe not even most of them. 
But, a fte r a len g th y in v estig atio n . 
Newsday has found the world of sports agentry team ing with Hie contem pti­ ble. 
Marvin Webster was a valued com ­ modity at Morgan State, lh 1 was 7-1 and 24o pounds and known a s “ The 
Human E rsaser.” 
Ile w as a v e ra g in g 2o rebounds a game and seven blocked shots. Ile was about to become the second choice in the 1975 NBA draft when a New York agent, who asked that his nam e not be used, w ent to see W e b ste r ab o u t representing him. Eventually. W eb­ ster took the agent to meet Nat F r a ­ zier. Webster’s coach. 
“ Ile was really nice and polite. Era- 
Bearcats prevail 

CINCINNATI (AP) - 
Cincinnati forward Brian 
W illiam s fueled a 18-8 second-half breakaw ay with nine points to lead the 12th-rankcd Bearcats to a 84-73 Metro Seven 
Conference victory over 
Georgia Tech Saturday. 
It was Cincinnati’s 58th consecutive home court victory over a four-year period. 

W illia m s ’ sc o rin g burst powered Cincinnati from a 83-32 h alftim e lead to a 13-point bulge iii the first J 1* minutes of the second half. 

T he (Moot-5 s e n io r finished with 17 points. 
Center Robert Miller led the Bearcats with 19 and guard Gary Yoder added 
18, in in the second half when he was playing with four p e rs o n a l fouls. 
Yoder hit all eight of* his free throws, giving him 
8o of 88 for the season. 
F resh m an sophomore 
T ho Brown led the Yel­ low jackets with 24 points. 

 m-GOMfc, WO! tn tp 
I KITO MY 
OFFICE: I 

I 

 m oH R oer 
H eavy D u ty 
SHOCK ABSORBERS 

N A T IO N W ID E 
LIM IT E D W A R R A N T Y 
M onro M atte*will last (in normal use) as long as you own your car 
- o r Firestone will replace them on proof of purchase from Firestone charging only for installation 
13 

3 3 EACH 

INSTALLED 

 saving^ TUNEUP 
• Maw: resistor spark plugs, ignition points, condenser • A djust carburetor 
• Set point dwell and tim ing *Test b at­ tery and charging system •Inspect, rotor, P C V valve, d istrib u to r cap, spark plug wires, air tilter, crankcase vent filter, and vapor canister filter. 
^ 
■ 
$ 
o 
1 
2 
o 

 zicr,” the agent said. "Then he says to 
Marvin to leave, and Marvin went out to the gym. All of a sudden he (F ra ­ zier) begins scream ing at me about 
‘Where do you get the nerve to talk to my players without talking to m e?’ He was scream ing pretty loud.” 
The agent told Frazier that he was going to leave, and F razier changed his attitude. 
“ He said he didn’t want anyone to hurt Marvin and he talked about how m uch he had h elp ed h im , how he wasn’t much of a player until he got ahold of him. and he talked about all the hours h e ’d spent w orking with 
Marv in. 
“ T h a t's when he cam e onto this tiling that he (Frazier) should receive something. I said. ‘Cause you worked so hard with him ?’ And he said yeah, and he talked about all the hours he’d put in. I told him. ‘If the kid believes that you deserve it. fine. In fact. if he does believe that. Ell tell him to put it in (the deal).’ 
Walked out 
"And then F razier cam e right out and said, ‘The only way you can get the kid is if you come across.’ He just said it right out.” 
The agent walked out. He told Web­ ste r that if he w anted the agent to represent him to call, and the agent left Baltimore, 
“ T h a t’s not tru e at a l l.” F ra z ie r said. “ Those guys (a g e n ts) a re v i­ cious. They put out a lot of lies.” 
Frazier does agree, though, that the man lie eventually recom m ended to 
Marvin W ebster was N orm an Blass, one of basketball’s big-nam e agents. 
And when the contract between Web­ s te r and the D en v e r N u g g e ts w as signed, the N uggets included som e money for F razier at B lass’ urging, 
Blass said. 
It was set up so that Frazier would be on Denver’s scouting payroll — a fact which Blass concedes. 
“ It had nothing to do with Marvin 
W ebster,” Blass said. “ Marvin W eb­ s t e r ’s c o n tra c t w as a lre ad y signed when I got (Frazier) that.” 
Frazier himself adm itted after some questioning that the job had been a r ­ ranged, but he said it fell through. He denied that he had ever been paid by the Nuggets. 
Scheer 
But Nuggets owner Carl Scheer said 
Frazier had been paid. “ We paid him a sum of money as p art of W e b ste r’s contract,” he said. Scheer said he did not know why. “ That was just part of the negotiations.” 
Two sources close to the Denver* 
Frazier deal say that Frazier original­ ly was supposed to receive ap p ro x i­ mately $35,ooo from Denver. Scheer would not confirm the amount. 
Such arrangem ents by Blass are not unusual. 
Dean Smith, the basketball coach at. 

Most 
6 cylinder 
American cars 

Add 84 for 8-cylinder. Some air cond cars extra Includes lesistor plugs 
E lectronic ignition system s >4 less 

I 

PICKUPS! VANS! CAMPERS! 
FRONT END 
ALIGNMENT 

Twin “ 1“ beam 

AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
OIL ANO FILTER SERVICE 
Here s w hat we do: 

Wa ll i rn, tall N E W trsniiim*MOa Alter, re 
(alae* trsnamiMMon lain garket clean •lid in ^ K rt ult r m iv u ir , add required Irena inn*, ion fluid, em ! road leat car B aro n i- m ended by m a n u f a c tu r e r* a - stan d ard m aintenance a l 2&.UUU to UU,UUU mike* 

REAR-WHEEL DRIVE 

FRONT WHEEL 
DRIVE 
•35°° 

A frequent muffler check is “ sound" advice! 
7 i r e $ t o n e 
M U FFLER A N D E X H A U S T 
SY STEM 
SERVICE 

M U FFLE R S 
•a tow as 

Fits most Fords, 
Chevrolets. 
Plym ouths 

WHEELS WHEELS y - v 
WHEELS 
* 
^ 
MAGS rn* t ' Z 'ii 
" 
1 
1 i $ 2 4 « 

WHITE 
SPOKES f ■-'rn 
ST A t TINO AT 

* 2 4 « 
I 

2 LOCATIONS TO SERVE YOU 

SHOPPERS CHARGE 
TKXACO • CARTI BLANCHI: 

5345 WALZEM 

IN WINDCREST 
655-8411 

N orth C a ro lin a and the 1978 U.S. 
Olympic coach, said he was offered 2>2 per cent of a player’s contract in the spring of 1972 by Blass. It was the year that Bob McAdoo, Bill C ham berlain and Dennis Wuycik went pro. 
“ He tried to pass it off as a finder’s fee.” Smith said. “ He tried to put it in a nice way.” 
Smith didn't take it that way: Blass was asking Smith to push his player to 
Blass. Smith said he ushered him out. 
Blass denied S m ith 's story. “ I ’ve never been in Dean Sm ith’s office,” he said . “ T h a t w as ( ’huck K au fm a n 
(Blass' business partner at the tim e). 
Ile came back and said he wanted to make Dean Smith a partner (in one of the player’s contracts). I said. ‘A ren’t you an idiot ? ” ’ 
Smith certain 
Smith is certain. “ I know who Chuck 
K aufm an is. I never saw him until about a y ear and a half ago. It was 
B lass." And Chuck K aufm an is c e r­ tain. too. He said he never went to 
North Carolina. 
Other agents have m ade the sam e kind of offer. Al McGuire said an agent offered him two per cent of Dean Me- rninger’s contract when Meminger was a senior at Marquette. 
Southern Illinois Coach Paul L am ­ bert was anonymously offered a trip to the Bahamas and a new car if he would deliver Joe M eriw eather, then L am ­ b ert’s center and now Atlanta’s. 
Sometimes it is a mother or father or close friend who is offered a payment. 
Sometimes, when it s a college coach, it s not money that’s offered but high school players. The agent will say: You get me your player, coach, and 1 11 get this kid to come to your school. 
There are variations in the them es that agents throw out at players. One of the basics is the one that Wayne 
Rodgers, an agent in Kansas City, gave to Mitch Sutton when Sutton w as a football p lay er at the U n iv ersity of 
Kansas. Sutton said it went like this: 
“ He said, ‘Hey, man, you’re black. 
You’ve never had money, m an. You don’t know how to handle it. You can trust me, I'm a brother.’ And you don’t feel when you get outta school like gi­ v in ’ all your m oney to so m e w hite dude. So you let him handle it.” 
Power of attorney 
At the end of one of those speeches. 
Sutton signed a document which gave 
Wayne Rodgers his power of attorney. 
“ It (the power of attorney) is tile most abused thing in s p o rts ," says 
Kick Stanczyk, an agent in Denver. “ It allows an agent to do everything but get m arried for his client . . . and I’m not sure that hasn’t happened.” 
That power of attorney m ight well have been what led to the dem ise of m aybe the c o u n try ’s la rg e st sp o rts agency. Pro Sports Advisors Inc., iii 
Cleveland. 
Pro Sports Advisors, which was put to g e th e r by fo rm e r B row ns p la y er 
John Wooten and E rn est P s a r ra s of 
Salt Lake City, was representing 125 to 
15o athletes in 1975 when three PSA clients — the Detroit Pistons’ R alph 
Sim pson, D enver Bronco Otis A rm ­ strong, Seattle Supersonic center Mike 
Green — sued, alleging that PSA had used the power of attorney to m ishan­ dle their funds. 
According to the players’ attorney. 
Dan F ricdland of Indianapolis, they d iscovered th at PSA would se c u re bank loans iii the nam e of Simpson and 
A rm strong, would send p art of the money to the player or pay some of the clien ts’ bills, and the rest would bt1 in v ested in P S A ’s in v e s tm e n t p r o ­ g ra m . which basically consisted of condominiums around the country. 
Daggers bag crown 

The Driskell Daggers. with an IDI m ark, have c a p tu re d the r e g u la r season til Ie in the Class 
AAAA m ajor league of the 
City 
P a r k s and 
Recreation program. 
Finishing two gam es behind were the Together 
B rothers ut 9-2. 
T h ese four te a m s , along with the two top finishers in each uf the other leagues, Monday night will begin a double elimination tournam ent to d e te rm in e the city ch a m p io n who will represent the city in the state tournament ut Dal­ las, Mar. 11-13. 
Action will be in 
Woodlawn and San F e r­ nando gymnasiums. 
Follow ing a re the winners and runners-up in the six oilier city loops: 

Mondav 
A 
— VORL I, >2 o. 
Rosoeiem a 4, Tuesday 
A 
- 
Terrynce Lounge, V I; Son An ionic Police, o-1; Tu#*dav AA — 
O 
P a c h e c o ’* Ai! Star*, IO o, 
Pair Trode P a«n & Loan, §-2, 
W ednesday AAA — Loiignac**, 
$ 2 . J P 
H unter*, I J, Friday 
■ A • — D erelict*. 8 2. Brook* 
AFB. 2-3 
S n com e* Monday night, three in ea c h ct the g y m * , w ill in ­ au gurate the city giQyatt tour­ ney 
The (B lair Witt co n tin u e through Friday night, *kig Sa fur day and Sunday, and rexum e on Mon dor Fee. It. 
Atter additional gam e* next week, the tournam ent wit! end with the c Hampton*hlo gam e at I p rn 
Friday. F ee. 25 rn Woad town gym 
AU league, playoff and high paint trophic* wit) be aw arded the night of the title gam e. 

\ f h h c l e x a m * 

The U S. Coast Guard 
A uxiliary, Flotilla 74, is offering free vessel exa­ minations Saturday and 
S u n d ay ut both the 
M c f're le ss 
S h o p p in g 
Center and the northeast parking lot of Roosevelt 
High School. Tim es for both locations will be from 111 a m to 3 p in 

According ta F ric d la n d , Sim pson and Armstrong did not sign for most of their loans — that was handled through 
PSA's power of attorney — and did not even know how m u ch m oney w as loaned them each tim e.” 
Within a couple of weeks after the first suit was filed in behalf of Simp­ son, A rm stro n g and G reen. P sa rra s settled with them out of court, repay­ ing all of the money they had invested by PSA. Pat M cFarland, then an ABA player, sued and was repaid shortly thereafter, too. 
Retractions 
Wooten, after the players w ere re ­ paid by Psarras. went to the players and asked them to sign statem ents re­ tracting everything they had claimed iii their suit. 
Simpson and Armstrong signed. 
Just before the Super Bowl, Minne­ sota star Chuck Foreman said he was owed $35,o9o yet from his investments in PSA. 
Wooten, according to published re­ ports, said Forem an would be repaid over the next three years. But F o re­ m a n 's a tto rn e y . Tom R eich , who represents about a half-dozen players who had m oney in PSA, in c lu d in g 
Cincinnati baseball star Joe Morgan, said they have not been repaid. 
Jackie Williams and Pat Thomas are cousins. T hey grew up to g e th e r in 
Plano, a small town outside Dallas. 
T hey w ere in th e s a m e c lass all through school, played on the sam e football team, went off to Texas A&M together, and w ere A&M's s ta rtin g cornerbacks during the ‘75 season. 
T h at’s why they liked what Arthur 
May wus selling them. 

May, who was working for Clifford 
Paul Associates, a sports agency in 
Houston, began talking to W illiam s and Thomas after the Texas gam e the last week of November. 

In the three-week interlude before the 1975 Liberty Bowl gam e and while 
T hom as was out of town. W illiam s went to Houston where May, he said, pushed him to sign. 
“ I rem em ber askin’ him twice: ‘Is it illegal to sign before a bowl g am e?’ He said. ‘No, no problem. 
“We talked a little more and I asked him again. He said no. He said, ‘No­ body is ever gonna see it anyway. It’s goin’ into a safe.’ He said he would not date it. I asked him point-blank cause I wanted to make sure. He said no.” 
Clifford Paul, the head of the agency, disavowed any knowledge of T hom as’ and Williams’ story. Arthur May den­ ied it. too. The Williams contract that 
May has is dated Jan. 22. 1978, one month after the Liberty Bowl gam e, just as May told Williams it would be. 
T h o m a s’ co n tract, May said, was dated Jan. 28. Thomas said he actually signed a few days after Williams, also before the Liberty Bowl. 
McDonald 
N e ith er T h o m a s nor W illia m s thought anything else about all of this until three or four days before the Li­ berty Bowl when Coach Emory Bollard called the seniors together after prac­ tice. B o llard had ex -p ro T o m m y 
McDonald talk to them. 
“ McDonald said, ‘I hope none of you guys have signed with an agent yet, cause it'd make you ineligible,’” Tho­ m as said. “ Ja c k ie and I just kinda looked at each other funny.” 
Said Williams, “ It was like, ‘Where do we go from here?” ' 
They tried to get out of the contract with Paul. 
“ He (Paul) said he would fight us over it.” Williams said. “ He said we could sign ag a in at a low er percentage.” 

Monday in the Express: How agents persuade players to sign. 

Dan Cook 

Sensational jockey is still growing 

It isn t often that a little guy leaps from his weight class to make world news. The first time it happened Goliath caught a rock between the eyeballs. The last time it happened Willie Shoemaker pulled up early, misjudging the Kentucky Derby finish line. 
But now w e’ve got a skinny, little 16-year-old who is making far more headlines than any of the huge horses he rides. Steve Cauthen is the hottest thing to sit a saddle since Lady Godiva. 
The kid has averaged almost three winners a day at New York’s Aqueduct since the track opened its new season six weeks ago. Tuesday he rode four winners, four more firsts on Wednes­ day and then three w inners and two seconds on Thursday. His mounts have hauled in more than a million dollars in purses and it w asn’t until the last few weeks that they started pushing him up on chalk horses. 

There is a problem, however, lacing this >oung apprentice. As mentioned, he's only 16. He's still growing. This is like a kid who sings like Tom Jones but his voice is changing. And Steve’s m other, so proud of him now, is pulling against him in the long haul. 
She d like for her son to grow to 
“maybe 5-5 or a little more." 

You can look from Santa Anita to 
T anfuran, from Oaklawn to Hialeah and you’d be hard-pressed to locate a 
5-5 jockey these days. 
Old race hands tell about one jock, getting on in years and heavy around the middle, who ate Ex-Lax for three weeks as lie fought to keep Ills weight down. He ale so much lie got fat on the chocolate. 

Mrs. Cauthen knows much about her son’s profession. She’s pleasantly sur­ prised at his fantastic success but she still wants him to grow to five-feet-five or more. Both Mrs. Cauthen and her brother. Tom B ischoff, are horse trainers by trade so they’ve been up to their arm pits in jockeys for years. 

And now you know why young eve has a special feel for racehorses, lie s been around them all hts life. Once he drops his small fram e into a saddle he iMHomes a part of the animal s move­ ments. one of those rare naturals. 
Last year, when Steve was just get­ ting ready to launch Ins career, a cou­ ple of old pros. Don B rum field and 
Bemoil Savior, offered to teach him the ropes. 

.After a few weeks Sayler backed off, confiding to friends, “ you can offer him a few pointers, like telling him where the restroom s are at certain tracks, hut nobody can teach what lie’s got because he s* a natural rider, through and through. 

And so it is thai 16-yeur-olU Stove 
Cauthen continues to amaze folks with fresh strings of triumphs. At the rate h e ’ s going he figures to In* a million­ aire before h e ’s 18 But h e ’d better hurry. He’s got a little brother who already is IO pounds heavier than he is se by the tim e Steve is 18 he might have to ride naked and leave off the saddle to make weight. 
Well. Lady Godtva did it and they’re still talking about her. 
Smile* xvi thin 
The H arlem G lo b etro tters always m anage to sm ile through thick urn! thin but things have been rather Huck 

STEVE ( ALTHEN 

 for them lately so their smiles might 
!>c thinning. 

Alter their performance here last week two ut the Trotters were injured iii a car-tmck accident near Shreve­ port. D allas Thornton and Robert 
Bulge were released from a Shreveport hospital atter treatment but one of the 
Iruek passengers still is in critical condition. 

Two nights later the T ro tte rs a p ­ peared in Mobile and while they were perform ing thieves broke into their dressing room and stole $875 in cash, ta p e r e c o rd e rs , c lo th e s and so m e jewelry. 
The Trotters keep right on smiling and performing but things are n ’t too funny for them these days. 
Expensive din-din 

Those fund-raising politicians can ’t hold a candle to the spread the Miami 
University baseball team has set for next Thursday. The cost will be $5.OOO a person and it will be held—of all places—on the school s baseball d ia­ mond. 

Two master chefs will br flown in 
Irom Washington and Los Angeles and the menu will consist of turtle soup 
Lady (u u r r ie se . pat en crute with 
Cumberland and Madeira spic, vol au vent P arisien ne with veal, sw e e t­ breads, truffles and m ushroom s, pheasant a la Georgienne and mango champagne sherbert. 

Somewhere on a sidecar there will be offerings of b ran d y , coffee, G rand 
Mariner, charlotte russe, cheeses and 
I*ct lf fours. 
Still, even alter all that. It’s going to be tough for somebody to go drop a 
$1o OOO tab beside som e c h a rm in g couple 
Only 34 guests will attend but unless somebody ru n s a ch eck M iam i Uni­ versity should wind up with $17o,OOO to start eon sir uct ion on its new baseball stadium. Of course, if that menu hup* liens to grab any of you folks with a loose five or IO thou they say they can squeeze iii one or two more. 

6oo7 WEST AVE. 
AT LOOF 41o 
342-9476 

 s e u o i/r h r y o u r / a c o r / f f * ♦ for** 

A V A IL A B L E 

■■— a 

4 U D * o o < w h o m 
DASH C8 iAO'O 
Ct RADIO 

W H I lf 
STOCKS 
LAST 

BOB HOPE clowns with Jackie Gleason as Gerald Ford watches during break 
Classic Saturday 
AP in Hope 

WIREPHOTO 

MIAMI (AP) - Sandra Post, trying to end a two-year victory drought, shot her second straight two-under-par 7(1 Satur­ day for a one-stroke lead after two rounds in a $5o,ooo Ladies 
Professional Golf Association tournament. 

A shot off the pace for Sunday's final round in the first stop on the 1977 
I .PCI A tour are Silvia Bertolaccini and 
Roberta Albers Speer at 141 
Miss Bertolaccini shot a three-under 
69 and Mrs. Speer had a 7(1 on the 
6.25o-yard Kendale Lakes Country Club course. 
Defending champion Judy Rankin. w ith a 72, headed a group of four at 142. 
Tile others were Clifford Ann Creed. 
Pat Meyers and Susan Downer. 
First-round leader Kathy Whitworth soared to a 7H and stood at 144 
Miss Post, who had four birdies and two bogeys, finished second three tunes last year. The 28-year-old Cana­ dian, who now lives in Boynton Beach, 
Fla., hasn’t won since taking the Far 
Fast in 1974. 
Her two chief challengers have never won. 
Miss Bertolaccini. 27, of Houston. has one second place to show in her two years on the tour. Mrs. Spear, 3(1 and ffTrm Richmond, Iud., has never done better than fourth iii a four-year career which shows $27,786 in total earnings. 
Miss Post said she couldn't explain not winning. Shi* has made $176,472 iii nine years, with two \ ictories and eight second-place finishes. 
“ You just can't get frustrated.” she 

 said. “ You never give up. I believe my day will come if I just keep in there." 
She predicted that a s i x -under-par total would win the $7,5oo top prize but said she wasn't going to worn about her competition 
“ When you're playing golf, von really lack control over anybody else I can't worry about what Bertolaccini or 
Creed or Rankin do I ve just got to go out and play my own game” 
Miss Bertolaccini said she set's this event as a calming ground 
“ The reason I played well today and yesterday is that I didn t put any 

 pressure on myself,” slit1 said *“ In the first tournament, you just want to get the feeling. I really went out without feeling nervous today.” 
She lists her favorite athlete as fel­ low Argentinian Roberto de Yicenzo. 
He gained fame on the men s tour by losing tin' 1968 Masters when he failed to sign his score card. 
Miss Bertolaccini said the mistake eventually made her form er South 
American playing partner more mon­ ey. because of the publicity, than if be had signed and won. But she said she didn t want to tr\ it that way. 

Aye leads by I 

M AN ILA (A P ) - Bur­ ma's Mya Aye fired a three-underpar 69 Satur­ day and grabbed the third round lead of the 
$4o,o91) Philippine Mas­ ters In vitatio n al golf championship with a to­ tal of 2o9. 
The top 
Burm ese 
Roller, a veteran cam ­ paigner on the Asian cir­ cuit. had almost perfect putting for his 34-35 as he advanced from third place, where he started 
Saturday’s round behind the Philippines’ Ben A r­ du aud Taiw an's ( hen 
Chien-Chen. 
All alone in second place, one stroke back at 
21o, is American Gaylord 
Burrow s, who fired a 
35-35 two-under-par 7o on tin* 7.222-yard Niche golf course here. 
Ardu, who had a one over-par 73, slipped third with 211 
Bunched with him were Taiwan’s 
Hsu Seng-San and Amer­ icans Bal Underwood and 
Roger Simpkins. 
Hsu earned $1oo for turning in the day's best round with a 67. 
The tournament ends 
Sunday with the winner receiving $1o,ooo and a blue .jacket. 

H o p e g o lf m e u rc s 
N e t w in 

 f o r F ib a k 

C D 

 autophone of »an antonio 

AUTOPHONE. . . THE 

TOTAL COMMUNICATIONS” 

PEOPLE, ARE PROUD TO 

ANNOUNCE 

I HO MO MAIN 

SAN ANTONIO, TX. 

78212 

FOR A U YOUR “ 2 -W A Y ” 
BUSINESS COMMUNICATIONS! 
CALL 226-3361 

THE AUTOPHONE 

COMMUNICATIONS COMPLEX 

P A L M S P R IN G S , C alif 
( A P ) 
— Fo u rth round sco re * S a tu rd a y in the 52oo,ooo Bob Hope D esert 
Colt C lassic - p a r 72): 

Is 

R'k Mossengale 
Bod Shearer 
Bi uce Liefzke 
G a y Brew er 
Charles Coodv 
Hubert Green 
Roger Maltbie 
G a ry Player 
Aion Tapie 
W ally Arm strng 
Boo M urphy 
John Schroeder 
Mitre M orley 
Andv Bean 
Roil Cerrudo 
Grier Jones 
Dave Hill 
M ark Lye 
Steve Mein yr 
Bonny W a i/ei 
Dwight Nevi! 
Arnold Palm er 
John Lister 
Paul Moran 
Bob Glider 
Jo e Inman 
Gene Linier 
Lanny W ear ms 
Howard Twitty 
Art Wall 
Loo G raham 
George Cadie 
J C. Snead 
Jim W iechers 
Mike Reid 
B a rry Jo eckel 
Jim Simons 
Je rry Mc Gee 
Bill Calotee 
Mike Reasor 
Billy Casper 
Bud Adin 
Mike McCullough 
KikuO Aroi 
Rod f un seth 
Leonard Thompsn 
Tom Purt/er 
Lvn Lott 
Peter Ooslmuis 
Jack Ew ing 
Dale H ayes 
Tom Kite 
Jon*! Schiee 
Tommy Aaron 
Marty E lee k man 
GU Morgan 
Dong To well 
Vie Regalado 
Tom Nieporte 
Lee Eider 
Don B its 
Bill Rogers 
Mac McLendon 
G a ry M cCord 
Je r r y Heard 
Alien Miner 
Or villi' Moody 
Don Masvengaie 
Cesar Sanucto 
Ergrik Be Ord 

64 66-TO- 7o— 27o 
6 9 71-67-67-276 
6/o77o72-276 
72-67 6672— 27 
7o7o 71 -67— 278 
69-68-69 72— 278 
7o 72677o— 279 
7o71-687o—279 
67 7 o 7? 7o-279 
69-67 71-73-78o 
71 69 6971-78o 
72 7o 7168 - 281 
7o 7268 71-781 
71 75 6 7 69— 28? 
7o68 7o 74 - 782 
74686971-282 
71 68 7? 71-282 
7o 73 68 77-283 
69 7o/S69-283 
7? 7167 7o-783 
7o 76-68 7o— 284 
73 686 9 74- 784 
71697371-284 
71 67 7S 71—281 
73 7?7o69-284 
7o 71 73 7o- 784 
71 71 77 7o- 284 
69 73 727o- 284 
71 7?717o-284 
77 72 6873— TSS 
7269 7o 74-285 
71 7o71 73-785 
7o 74 7368 - 285 
7468 7? 71-285 
7? 737o 7o- 285 
69 J)71 74-286 
7o 7371 72-286 
7o69 74 73— 286 
7469 7668- 28/ 
7769 72-69-287 
71 71 7174-287 
75 72 69 71 -7 6 1 
73 71 71 72— 2m7 
7174 7 o 72- 287 
73 75-7367-288 
77 75 7o66-288 
77 68 7o73— 288 
71 73 72-72-788 
72 7o 71 75-288 
756 9 74 7o- 288 
77 68-68 76— 789 
76 73 7 o 7o- 289 
7? 7 569 73— 289 
71 7571 72- 789 
71 7o 7? 76-269 
73 7? 7? 72-289 
7 : 7o 71 75- 289 
74 7568 72— 289 l l 73 72 72-289 
7, 6969 79— 289 
72 7J 7569- ?89 
74 71 71 73-289 
77 73 68 72-79o 
71 74 69 76-79o 
75-67 77 72-79! 
74 77 67 73-791 
74 73 71 73-791 
756 9 76 71-291 
71 76 71 73- 791 
7o 7 6 7o 75 - 291 

Pete Brown 
Miller Barber 
Jett Howes 
Re* Caldwell 
Jim Colbert 
G ary Groh 
Ja c k Newton 
Forrest Fetter 
Failed to 
Johnny Miller 
Dave Stockton 
Graham M arsh 
Ja y Haas 
Bob Goaibv 
Paul Hom ey 
Fuzzy Zoeller 
Dick Mast 
Lanny Wodkms 
Donnie M over 
Bul Oaden 
Ken Still 
Dow Finsterwald 
Vie M artin 
Monty Kaser 
Bob Rosburg 
Kerm it Zarlc v 
Bobby Nichols 
Jet) Mitchell 
Sam Adam s 
Woody Blackburn 
Greg Pow ers 
Stan Altgelt 
Je r r y Barb er 
Elro y M arti 
Al Brooks 
Terry W ilco* 
John Jackson 
Rate Botts 
Sam Farlow 
Roy Pace 
Mike W aiters 

73 75 7o 73- 291 
76 7668 71-291 
75 71-73 72-291 
76 73 /1 71— 291 
71 75 7o 75- 291 
69 76 7? 74- 291 
72 6 9 74 76- 291 
71 7o 78 72-779 
Quality 
74 747571-292 
7? 77 72 71-29? 
73-76/3 7o- 29? 
72 77 71 77-79? 
75-74 77 71-29? 
71-73 76 73-293 
71 72-73-77-293 
77 74-7568— 294 
77 77 73 77-294 
75 75 73-71-294 
71 74 74 75— 294 
74 71 77 77— 294 
7569 77 74-295 
76 73 72 74— 295 
72 7? 74 77— 795 
75 71 7? 77-295 
7o 76 7 6 73- 795 
76 7? 77 7o-795 
74 7 6 7 5 71-296 
78 73 7? 73-296 
71 79-74 72-296 
72 74 7? 78- 296 
75 7 6 74 71-296 
77 74 7o75-296 
74 76 75 71-796 
73 72 7 7 75- 297 
75 74 69 79- 297 
8o 77 7 5 7o- 297 
7/ 57 74 71 -797 
7574 78 7o-297 
76/4 73 76-298 
77 72 7574-298 

I J H i A s c o r e s 

M IA M I * A P ) — S co re s otter 
6 holes ot the 54 hole, 55o OOO L a d ie s 
P r o f e s s io n a l G o lf A s s o c ia tio n to u rn am e n t b eing p la y e d on the o ar 72. 6 25o y a rd K e n d a le L a k e s 
C o untry Club course 
Sandra Post 
Silvia Berttoccni 
Roberta A Speer 
Clifford Ann Creed 
Susan Downer 
P at /fevers 
Ju d y Rankin 
Porn H loams 
Ja n e Blalock 
Ju d y Kim poii 
Cathy Mont 
Kathy /Ac Mullen 
Sandra Palm er 
Jo Ann Prentice 
Jo n Steno, uson 
Kathy Whitworth 
Deobie Austin 
E va Chong 
M ary Mills 
B everly Kkiss 

7o 7o-14o 
7? 69— 141 
71 7o-141 
7? 7o— 14? 
7o72-14? 
7? 7o-14?. 
7o 72-14? 
7? 71 — 143 
71 73-144 
72 72-144 
22 72— 144 
73 71- 144 
71 71-144 
7569— 144 
7o 71- 144 
68 76— 144 
7o 75— 145 
73 72— 145 
71 74-145 
72 74- 146 

M EXIC O C ITY (A P ) - 
Wojtak Fibak of Poland, easily elim inated Ken 
Rosewall of Australia 7-6, 
6-3 Saturday and moved into the men’s singles finals of the $3o,ooo Mex-. ico C ity International 
Tennis Tournament. 
Fibak gained the first set by winning the tie­ breaker 7-5. 
Rosewall. displaying only occasional good form, had trouble with his service for the second consecutive day. He also had difficulty with some of the Pole’s volleys and serves. 
The World Champion­ ship Tennis event ends 
Sunday with a total of 
$1oo,ooo in prizes, $3o,ooo for the singles winner. 
$15.(MMI for the runner-up and $14,ooo for doubles. 
Fib ak, 24, also took advantage of the 
41-year-old Australian's obvious cliffitiily with the altitude. 
Rosewall was extended in the first set as the steady, powerful volleys of Fibak and some pre­ cise passing shots demo­ lished the Aussie’s play. 
In the second set, F i­ bak broke R o s e w a ll’s service four times and served three aces. Three double faults by Rosewall enabled Fibak to take command. 
The match took 9o minutes. 

 r 4 U T O *O b V t C IN f|»S In v e n t o r y 

 g 
( f u l l f o u r p l y p o l y e s t e r c o r d t i r e s 

££ i i . U p 
* towWMW I hr 
’ tm **»*»• un ftp 

 trO U U O .IM ..II nu iu w lo MVI 

 f 
; 

; 

I 

HM i i U M i m i i IM .MI 

 toe o u i ae 
I 
I M I UMI) 
I 
(in low 
I 
III* I O 
I l l Io aw*UN 
M il «r-jeaUk4UE> 
I v O U M I.I 
H lk u l 
I m h i i aa i chi awl *i OHI (u r n l i l t 
• 44 AM I 
| m e t * * 
| 
I M IM I 
M 1 4 M I 

•MOP w o o l CO P M A M to K W P M MONDAY THAU KA THAPA Y 

MT AUM rf— -Btnu 

UXWMUM lUMM'IIB 
Mumm i« 'M MMI 

 dyer continues to break the 
PMCS 
BAMM 

Decade26 
Was 168“ $ | « # ) wo-wav 
DYM DIAL 
I A l l 

■ ’ ',- vz' 
*JI”t Two-way 

Was 225.oo 
* . 

M o w 

D Y K * O K A I 
I rn J o 
Was 39o.oo 

JBI 146 

MAA 
M A A 
Hires Way 
"U B T 
( I O 
O 
Three-Way........ a m MAI aa«HH Jo Jo 
JBL-L65 
%£!°° 
$4 * 1 1 
Three-Way........ arew 

Century TOO 
Was 333°* 
C 
A 
Three-way D VR M A I n « 
T i 

 c r e 
A i C a 

T-6o2 

YOUR CHOICE! 

W HITEW ALLS OR BLACKW ALLS 

4 FOR 

SIZE 
F I T 

F78-14 
$2 39 

G 7 8 -14 ass 

H 78-14 
2.75 

M 
T 
SIZE 

A 78 l l 

U '8 14 

178-14 

56o-15 

SIZE 

F78-15 

G 78-15 
H78-15 

12 43 

2.8o 

 oil M i n p la t P E T. Ii old tire 

AM/FM Cassette 
Car Stereo 

• Fast forward • PLL 
• Auto Eject • AFC 

MAI* 1o9” 

 e t u i e p c u R c f S 
• 1o-oz. magnet 
• Dual Cone dyers rn A 77 
DEAL 
I T pa.« 

G arrard 

44 

Fully 
A utom atic 
Phono 

• Base • Dust Cover 
• Pickering Cartridge 
DYER S E f l 7 
DEAL 
J O 

KR 56oo 
$ KEIMWOOD 

Stereo Receiver 

• 4o watts per channel RMS 
• Two tape monitors 
• FM Dolby 

SS *289” 

o-41o 
HITACHI 
Cassette Deck 

• Dolby • FM Dolby 
• FerriteHeads • Output 
DYER % 
DEAL 189” 

KD-1o33 

Belt-drive 
$ KENWOOD 
Turntable 
# Base t Cover t Cart extra 

$ 
£ 
o 
7 
7 

 dyer electronics warehouse 

SHOP TODAY 
IO 'TIL 6 
SSS 
OPEN SUN 

 a m a 
4311 Fredericksburg 
S 
S 
735-9276 

■ I 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NFWS— 
Sunday February I 3 I 977 

Post seizes lead 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February I 3 1977 

P a r t in g S h o t s 

S l v o l r f f g p r o s s m u n 

Gervin has made r it iii the N-B-A 

MILWAUKEE - It w a s ll iii the m orning but only nine in 
George Gervin's Portland hotel ro o m when tin' telephone rang. 
‘ Hey. lee. congratulations." tin* nailer said. "You m ade the all- star team ." 

‘ Hex. man. that's beautiful." m u r­ m ured h e . s ta rtin g Ins day on so­ mething of a high note. . "Playing u itll 
.ill tin' superstars of the N-B-A 
. hey. that’ll be great, Who else made it?" 

"Big Iv. Hudy T., Havlieek. Cowens. 
.lo .lo White and Monroe on tIk* E ast." replied the caller, "and Walton. Lan­ ier. dahlia?*. Lucas. Phil Smith. Barry and Billy Knight on the West " 

 lee em itted a long sigil, whistling so ftly at the company he was keeping now that he was in tin' "N-B-A ” 

By the way." inquired (le n in , what team am I oil?" 
Although it was early in the m orning, the question was indicative of Icem an's gam e and personality. Forget the frills, just give nu* the b a s­ ketball and let me work lee doesn't study shooting percentages, and he probably can't tell you who leads the league in assists By the sam e token, lie can't tell you how he cam e by those 
Svcnguli m oves lie d isp lay s on the court. 
Ciervin led a se co n d -h alt S p u rs ' com eback last season, securing the victory almost personally by rebound­ ing and sco rin g freely in the final quarter. His explanation "I moved to forward in the second half.” 
The next day iii practice ('ouch Bob 
Bass aahed him if he had indeed told a reporter that 
Ice confirm ed the re ­ port "You were playing guard.” Bass moaned "Don't you know when you’re play tug guard?” 
There are professionals in all lines of work who go through life gnawing at their fingernails like beavers, w orry­ ing about everything from their stock portfolios to their mortgages. The good natured G en in goes through life with a smile and a laugh Let the good times roll 
"The world is round." Gervin says ill response to many questions lie s hard his share of problems Ile left Eastern Michigan under duress. 
(hanged agents after an unprofitable experience, and carried the weight of a 

 concealed weapons charge around for over a year. Through it atl. his easy p ersonality has p ersis ted . The gun charge bothered him most 
"I could’ve,” says Ice slowly, "been playing ball it) Jackson Prison." 
But he is not. and it is fortunate not only for George and the Spurs, but for all the fans around the NBA When Ice is playing well. there are a few who are more entertaining to watch. 
He doesn't run so much as he glides. lbs willowy body can seemingly bend iii every direction, and this allows him to put up some of the most improbable shots. 

Ice developed his eloquent moves on 
Detroit's East Side at places like the 
Franklin Sullivan Recreation Center. 
It was in a competitive inner city a t­ mosphere like this Hie Iceman learned how to rock and roll on the basketball floor. 
"There were always UMI guys waiting to play over there." recalls Gervin "If 

E x / t r r s s - \ m r s 
S t a f f e r 
J e f f 
( , r o s s n n m is t i n * t m h S a n i n i n n i n r v f t o r t v r i n M i l u a u b r r f o r l i m 
I //->/rir {'n m r . 

ANY SIZE 
SET OF 4 

PLUS 59.o8 to $12.56 
F.E.T. PER SET, 
DEPENDING ON SIZE 

PREMIUM 
BELTED 
POLYESTER 
FIBERGLASS * 
WHITEWALLS 

1217 S.W. MILITARY DRIVE 
923-o356 • 924-7238 

56o1 SAN PEDRO 
734-3533 • 734-7726 

572o EVERS RD.* AT WURZBACH 
681-153o 

7 WAYS TO BUY: 
MASTER CHARGE* BANK 
AMERICARD* AMERICAN 
EXPRESS* DINERS CARO 
SHOPPERS CHARGE • i i 
CREoIT • CASH 

23 LOCATIONS: 
ARLINGTON* AUSTIN 
COffPUS CHRISTI • DALLAS 
FORT WORTH • HOUSTON 
LAREDO* PASADENA 
SANANTONIO* WACO 

Spurs’ spouses find friends, joy in a bowl 

 you d id n 't win, you m ight not get picked to play the rest of the day. The winners kept the court 
"T h a t’s where I learned my game. 
It’s a finesse game, and that’s the way you have to hang on . . . to keep the court. 
It’s a scene that is repeated every day iii this country Iii tlit' cold weather city gyms of Detroit. Washington and 
Philadelphia kids imitate tile stars s o they can keep on play mg. 
Out of this kind of survival of the fittest atmosphere some of the greatest stars have been produced Wilt Cham­ berlain. Dave Bing. Phil Chenier . . . and now George Gerv in 
This afternoon George G ervin b e ­ come'' the first San Antonio Spur to play in an NBA All-Star gam e. The gam e itself is a conglom eration of great one-on-one players They play, for the most part. shoot when you see the whites of the backboard — at least for one afternoon. It is tin* honor of being a part of it all that is most im­ portant 
(ieorge Gervin. all-star. 
" I t ’s hard to put in words what it m e a n s to make the team ." s a y s lei' 
That’s okay. George. just play. That ability speaks for itself. 

They do not have the form of a P aula Sperber. And they are not to the point of threatening the high standing of Judy Soutar. 
But, Jane Moo and Marty D um pier give it "the old college try" 
(*ach Monday m orning in their Oak Hills bowling league. 

The twosome, wives of Spurs’ Dong 
Moo and Louie Dumpier, play for se­ parate teams at Oak Hills. Jane is with a team sponsored by the Spurs, while 
Marty plays with a Country Corner group. 
Gale Calvin, wife of Mack, was also iii the Monday group. However, with 
Mack s release and pending move to 
Denver, sin' will no longer be involved. 
Grabbing a cup of coffee and reach­ ing for the nearest chair. Jane looked pleased, reviewing her results. 
Good day 
"I had a good dav for m e ." she laughed. "I had a ISI. 162 and 152. My average is going up here." 
The amiable dark-haired gal really got into bowling when she was attend­ ing Meredith, a small, Baptist school iii North Carolina. 
"I took bowling as a physical educa­ tion c o u rse ," she reported. "T h en . when Dong and I started dating, we would go out bowling quite a bit. 
"And I was involved in a league a r­ rangement for the past few years iii 
Denver (where Moo was coach before laking the head job with till' Spurs).’’ 
With her involvem ent in D enver, 
Jane said she immediately looked a r­ ound for a bowling league when she moved to San Antonio. 
Sponsor 
"I just signed up for a league at Oak 
Hills," she said. "Then, after we got a team together. I asked John (Begzos. 
Spurs* general m anager) to sponsor the team 
"It costs them a few dollars, but it is great publicity 
We got sh irts and everything.’’ 
Jane said the biggest reason she en­ joys the Monday league is the co m ­ panionship of the other wom en in ­ volved. 
No pressure to win 
"There is no pressure to win." Jane said “ Everyone is out to have a good time. The gals I have met are really nice. And. von know, there are really quite a few super bowlers here. 
Jane said she talked both Marty and 
Gale into joining She regrets that they could not be on the sam e team. 
Jane, who has been over 2oo (2o1) once this year, goes to bowl at least one afternoon a week, taking sons. Dong 
Jr., or David. 
"D o u g J r . is so good he s h a m e s m e." she joked. "And big Doug, he really doesn t bowl often. His knee bothers him too much I also beat him once, so I think he uses thilt knee as an excuse." 
Marty was struggling before she be­ gan her games. 

A t h o m e w i t h 

 t h e S p u r s 

B y Kevin O 'K e e ffe - 

M ARTY DAMPIER 

"I lost my earring,” the diminutive 
(5*2) lady said, trying desperately to grab the earring from her shirt collar.. 
NBA HI 
TIPOFF L f 

JANE MOE 

 lf I don’t have it on, I don't bowl." 
She got the earring on. And despite a 
Hitter ball during the picture-taking. 

 she was pleased with her day. 
“ I have gotten my av erag e up to 
IID." she said. bringing out her little book, which contains that vital infor­ mation. “ I started out this year at 112, but slipped to 111. “ So, now I am up to 
119 and that is good for m e.” 
Marty admitted the she does not eat,; sleep and drink bowling. She said she still prefers outdoor sports. 
“ I am d e fin ite ly not a do-or-did bowler,” she said. “ I really juat bowl once a week with my team. But I would much rather do things outside. 
"Like Jane. I enjoy the league be­ cause of the people. The ladies on my team are really great. They are a crazy bunch.” 
Substitute 
M arty, who bowled in a league iii 
Louisville when Louie was with the 
Colonels, started as a substitute this year. 
" J a n e said they w ere looking for someone to fill in," she recalled. "So. I bowled a few tim es before I joined permanently. Now. I look forward to it. 
We usually eat lunch together after­ w ards.” 
M arty s ta r t e d bow ling in high school. She and Louie bowled in a d o u b les le ag u e in L ex in g to n and 
Louisville. They also bow led while they were dating. 
However, neither she nor Louie bowl much now. 
Best score 
"And we will never bowl during the sum m er months," she said "Then, we are always doing things outdoors." 
M arty quickly said her best score has been more than 16o. “ And I hit that three different tim es,” she added. 
But she was a little hesitant about giv ing her lowest pin total. 
“ Here, in San Antonio," she replied. 
"Well, 98. But. I used to get in the 7os back in high school." 

Nose fine, 
Davis says 

TEM PE, Ariz. (AP) — University of 
New Mexico President Bud Dav is said 
Saturday his nose is intact following a 
Friday night scuffle after his school s basketball victory over Arizona State 
Early reports said Davis might have suffered a broken nose but he said he w asn’t seriously injured after the game, won 91-84 by New Mexico iii overtime. 
Arizona State University police said 
Saturday the investigation into the incident, which resulted in Davis being punched by a spectator, is continuing. 

NO. 14 
B LO C K IN G AN D 
C H A R G IN G 

B lo c k in g o c c u rs w h e n a 

 defensive player ste p s in front of an offe n sive player 

 an d d o e s not give the o f­ fensive player the o p p o r ­ 

 tunity to stop a n d or 

 ch a n g e d irection a n d avoid 

 con tact In m o st c a s e s the de fe n sive player is m o v in g 

 w h e n con tact is m a d e 
C h a rg in g is lust the 

 o p p o site A n offensive 

 player d n v m q tow ard the 

 basket ca n n o t m ane c o n ­ 

 tact with a de fe n sive player 

 if the d e fe n sive player h a s 

 e sta b lish e d h is p o sitio n 

 a n d is stationary A n o th e r 

 c o m m o n e xa m p le is w hen 

 a cen ter w ith h is b a c k to 

 the b asket c a tc h e s a p a s s 

 tu rn s w ithout se e in g the 

 d e fe n sive player and m a k e s co n ta ct w ith h im A c h a rg e 

 is caned in th is in stan ce 

 b e c a u se the offe n sive 

 player is e xp e cte d to kn o w 

 w h e re the d e fe n sive player 

 h a s p o sitio n e d him self 

M I A --------- 
S t a n d i n g s 

EASTERN CONFERENCE 
Atlantic Division 

C h a rg e y - 

“Get Acquainted” Offer 

To introduce our new service manager, 
HARRY SAUTER, and our new name, we invite you to come out and take advantage of these specials. Come in soon. Offers good thru 
February 1977 only. 
ELECTRONIC ENGINE 
DIAG N O SIS 
(WITH THIS AD 
CUP A SAVE) 
TUNE-UP 
SPECIAL 
$33°o 

This it our regular 

$ 3 7 .9 5 tune-up. it in­ 

 cludes points, plugs, timing and vacuum ad ­ 

 justment 
Plus free 

 engine diagnosis. 

1o% 

DISCOUNT 
ON 
PORSCHE 
& 
HONDA 
REPAIRS 
M ISSIO N V oiksw agen /H on d a 
San Antonio’s Largest Dealer 

13oo 1.1. Military Drive — H a st to Mission Chevrolet 

9 2 4 - 6 5 1 6 

BRAKE 
SPECIAL 
$64.oo 

This is our regular 

$ 7 4 .5 o brake |ob. It in­ cludes machining all 4 

 drums, repacking wheel 

 bearings, new shoes 

 pius a complete system check. 

L .A .’s \\ ash H ilto n undergoes surgery 

LOS ANGELES (AB) — Forw ard 
Kermit Washington of the Los Angeles 
Lakers, injured in Friday night’s gam e against Denver, underwent successful surgery Saturday to repair a ruptured tendon in his right knee, a spokesman for the NBA club said. 
Dr. Stephen Lombardo, the Laker team physician who perform ed the operation, said the surgery took one hour and was a "complete success” 

Philadelphia 
33 2o 
.o23 
— 
Bi isl on 
26 27 
.491 
7 
New York Knicks 
24 29 
.453 
9 
Buffalo " 
19 33 
.365 
PPH 
New York Nets 
17 36 
.321 
16 
Central Division 
Washington 
3o 22 
577 
— 
Houston 
29 23 
.558 
I 
Cleveland 
28 24 
.538 
2 
San Antonio 
29 25 
.537 
2 
New Orleans 
24 3o 
.444 
7 
Atlanta 
22 34 
.393 
IO 
WESTERN CONFERENCE 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
34 19 
.642 
— 
Detroit 
32 23 
.582 
3 
Kansas City 
28 28 
.5oo r h 
Indiana 
25 5o 
.455 
IO 
Chicago 
23 32 
.418 
12 
Milwaukee 
17 42 
.288 
2o 
Pacific Division 
Los Angeles 
35 19 
.648 
— 
Portland 
33 21 
.625 
I 
Golden State 
3o 24 
.536 
5 
Seattle 
29 26 
.527 
Hie 
Phoenix 
25 27 
.481 
9 
Friday’s Games 
Boston 119. New York Knicks 111 
Buffalo 96, New York Nets 94 
Philadelphia HH. Indiana 1(19 
Dertoit IHI, Cleveland 94 
Chicago IIH. New Orleans 92 
San Antonio 1o7. Houston IGI 
Kansas City 12o, Washington 1H6 
Lais Angeles IIT. Denver 1H9 
Atlanta 121. Portland IHS 
Seattle 114. Golden State IHT. GT 
Saturday's Gaines 
No gam es scheduled 
Sunday's Game 
All-Star Game at Milwaukee 

OPENING SPECIAL 
$S988 
COMPLETE 
BRAKE 
RELINING 

INCLUDES NEW BRAKE SHOES A DISC 
PADS AND TURNING 
BRAKE 
DRUM S 
AND ROTOR. 
• FREE BRAKE INSPECTION 
• FREE BRAKE ADJUSTMENT 
HIGHSPEED 
$o99 
WHEEL BALANCING L rn 
WHEEL 

W I CARRY A FULL 
STOCK OF SHOCK ABSORBERS 

“YAKE THE WORRY OUT OF STOPPING” 
SFE 
SAFETY BRAKE 
SERVICE 

3614 SO. GIVERS 

533-5193 
NEW NUMBER 
NOT YET LISTED 

F r i d a y ' n l a t e 
M I A b o x t x 

G O L D E N S T A T E (TOT) 
B a rry 
3 GO 6. D a v it 2 J 3 A. R a y I J 4 5. 
Sm ith I 9 IO 25, W illiam * 3 3-3 8. 
Marion 9 2 3 2o. W H *** IO 2 2 22 
D ick e y I 2 2 4. Joh n son 1 o o 4. 
D u d le y 2 I J 5. P a r k e r I O O 2 
Y o v*id 42 23 28 IOT 
S E A T T L E (1 1 4 ) : W e a th e r sp o o n * 6 l l *8, S e a '* 1 o o 2 
Burleson 6 3 3 15. Johnson o o o o. 
Wows 8 3 5 19. Love IO O / B r o * " ll 1-2 6, Green I 2 2 14, W akem an 
o 1-2 I. N orw ood 6 4 6 16, Toi*on I 
o 2 2 Tolois 47 2o 33 !>4 
Golden State l l 28 IS 28 5)o/ 
Seattle 
22 2* 28 23 11 114 
F o u le d O ut — P o r i * n 
T o ta l 
F o u *t— G olden State 33. Seattle 2V 
T e c h n ic a l-B ro w n A — 13,375 

D E N V E R 
1o9): Jones 5 3 4 1 3. 
Thom pson 9 TG-11 28, Issei 14 7 7 
35, M cC lain o o o o, P ric e 4 OO 8. 
Silo* 2 2 5 6 W ebster o 2 4 2, I owe 
3 o o 6, Beck 1 o o 2, Taylor 4 12 9 
Total* 42 25 IS 1o9 
L O S A N G E L E S ( IIT ) : F o rd 4 
OO 8. R ussell 7 2 2 14. A o d u U o o o a r 1 1 7 8 
A lle n IO 2 3 22, 
Chaney 4 2 3 IO, W ashington 2 2 4 
6. Kop ec o 12 I. Tatum 3 o o 6 
Abernethy 6 2 )1 4 . L a m a r 13 4 5 
T olals 44 21 28 117 
Denver 
26 25 26 31— 1o* 
L e * Angeles 
27 22 J* J » - l ! 7 
Total fo u ls — D e n v e r 2* 
L o s 
Angeles 26 Technical foul — issei. 
Denver C ooch B ro w n A — 14,954 

A T L A N T A (111): D re w 18 4 I 
4o. R obinson * 6 7 24. M e r le a r n e r 
4 119. C harles 6 3 4 IS. Min / I I 
15 B a rke r o OO o. H ow es 4 2 2 14. te rry 2 OO 4. B ro w n o o o o. D e l­ ton u O u o to to '* V2 I / 21 W I 
P O R T L A N D ( IS I) 
L u c a * 17 7 7 
41, Steele o o o o. jo n e s 3 6 * Si. 
H ollins 6 4 6 16. Tw grd /'k 2 o o 4. 
Q a vis o 2 2 2. G ro ss 2 2 2 6. C a n o u n 1 2 3 4 
G illia m 3 / 1 4 
W a lke r 7 I ] 15, re a ve s o OO o 
Total* 4i H 35 1o4 
Atlanta 
14 IS 3o J O - l l I 
Portland 
I i 34 I* 24-1o8 
F o u le d 
Ou t - M e r • w e a r n e r , 
H a w e s 
Total tools 
A n a m a 31. 
P ortland 22 A - H 'o7 

-- 

ROMERO ANAYA 

Ayala tickets on sale 

Son Antonio EXPRES5-NEW5— Sunday February I 3 1977 

Tickets for the Mike Ayala-Romero 
Anaya super “ bantamweight fight go on sale Monday. 
San Antonian Ayala w ill defend hie 
North American Boxing Federation super bantamweight crown against 
Mexican Anaya Feb. 21 in the M unici­ pal Auditorium. 
A four-bout card lined up by pro­ moter Tony Padilla begins at 8:3o p.m. 
Ducats are available at The Audi­ torium. in the lobby of the Gunter 

Hotel from 9:3o a.rn to 8 p m . and at the Atlas Bar. IOO N. Medina. 
The ticket scale is $5-7-8. 
Ayala, who sports a 13-o professional record, won his title with a seventh- round TKC) over Cesar Deciga of Mex­ ico. 
Anaya is ranked as the No. 5 super bantamweight by the NABF. 
Anaya, who has been fighting pro- feionallysince 1oH8. has won bantam­ weight titles once defended them twice 

 and lost twice. 
His overall record through 197o was 
42-9-1 
Padilla had hoped to line up Cana­ dian A rt Hafey for Feb. 21 but ar­ rangements could not be confirmed. 

Padilla said Hafey. tin' No. I con­ tender for Ayala’s crown, w ill fight the winner of the Ayala-Anaya fight 
The Canadian bantamweight owns a 
49-7-4 record through 1975, according 

 to King Record Book That mark in­ cludes 3o knockouts and ll straight in 
1973 
Padilla said the rem aining three bouts on his card would feature San 
Antonians G ilb e rt Galvan. Robert 
Casque/ and Roy Hernandez. 

Galvan and Casque/ are lightweights and Hernandez a bantamweight 
Their respective opponents are ex­ pected to bt' announced later this week. 

\ 
I 

\ 
Save *71 to *1oo per set of 4 on steel-belted new car radials 

Now through March 5 Goodyear is reducing prices on double steel belted new car radials to 1974 levels. The 
1977 tire is ‘Custom Tread1-th e comparable 1974 tire was 
‘Custom Steelgard.’ Here’s a perfect opportunity for you to start enjoying all the advantages of gas-saving steel belted radial construction...including smooth ride, sure handling, long wear, strength and dependability. TIRE UP 
NOW...AT 1974 PRICES! 

 irm lP . 

 i r 
V; 
\ 
•. i 
* % , 
I V. 
•; 
V? 
I 
V ■/ 
. am w*e f 
■■ 
■ 
■' '- 1 
I 
I I * • 
' < . ^ 
■ 
$ 

W hitewall 
Size 

Regular 
1977 Price 
(Custom 
Tread) 

You Pay 
1974 Price 
(Custom 
Steelgard) 

Plus F.E.T. 
No trade needed. 

W hitewall 
Size 

Regular 
1977 Price 
(Custom 
Tread) 

You Pay 
1974 Price 
(Custom 
Steelgard) 

GR78-15 
$33.o5 
$61 

HR78-15 
$89.2o 
$64 

JR78-15 
$92.55 
$69 

Plus F.E.T. 
No trade needed. 

$23.55 

$2.9o 

$3.11 

$3.27 

Sale Ends March 5 
IA IN CHECK — lf we sell out of your size we will issue you a rain check, assuring future delivery at the advertised price. 
Heavy-Duty Tires For Pickups, Vans, 
Campers 
A RV's 
Nylon cord 'Rib Hi 
Miler7 for long, low-cost mileage 

SIZE 6 7o-15 
6PR tubo-type, 
$2 41 F.E.T 
No trade needed 

Sale Ends Wed. Night 

SIZE 
PLY 
RATING 
SALE 
PRICE 

Plus P I T. 
No Trad* 
N*#>d«d 

7.oo-15 
6PR TT 
$34 9o 
$2.85 

I h O l r 
6 P R T T 
$4o.3o 
$3.44 

6.5o-16 
I , P R T I 
$29.55 
J *2 7° 
8 o o -1 6 5 
6 p R TL 
$37.8o 
$3.26 

8.75 16.5 
~ 6PR TL 
$52.95 
$3.71 

ATTENTION COMMUTERS 

This dependable bias-ply tire with tire you n e e d ...so why buy more, all polyester cord may be all the why pay more? 
$2o 

B78-13'All-Weather’ brickwall, plus $1.8o 
F.E.T. and old tire. 

Blackwall 
Size 
OUR 
PRICE 

Plus 
F.E.T. and old tire 

E78-14 
$25.5o 
$2.26 
F78-14 
$28.25 
$2.42 
G78-14 
$29.5o 
$2.58 
G78-15 
$3o.75 
$2.65 

Whitewalls just $3.5o more. 

STEP UP TO 'POLYGLAS' 

Enjoy the difference 2 fiberglass and in wear. Get on ‘ Polyglas' cord belts can make in handling today. 
$26 

A78-13 Cushion 
Belt Polyglas’ biackwali plus $1.73 
F.E.T and old tire. 

Blackwall 
Size 
OUR 
PRICE 

Plus 
F.E.T. and old tire 

B78-13 
$27.95 
$1.8o 
E78-14 
$3o.5o 
$2.26 
F78-14 
$33.3o 
$2.42 
G78-14 
$34.8o 
$2 58 
G78-15 
$35.8o 
$2.65 

Whitewalls just $3 more. 

MORE GOOD VALUES ON 
HASSLE-FREE AUTO SERVICE 
SERVICE OEEERS BELOW AVAILABLE ONLY AT GOODYEAR SERVICE STORES. 

Lube And Oil Change 

• C o m p lete chassis lu b ricatio n & oil change • Helps ensure long wearing parts 
& smooth, q uiet p erfo rm an ce • Please phone for appointment • Includes light trucks 
Ask for our Free Battery Power Check 
$488 

Up to 5 qts. of maior brand 
1o/3o grade od 

Front-End Alignment 

• Com plete analysis and alignment cor­ re ctio n -- to in c rea se tire m ileag e and improve steering • Precision equipment, used by e x p e rie n c e d mechanics, helps ensure a precision alignment 
$]|88 

Any U S mado car - parts oxtra if needed Exclude* front-wheel drive cars 

Engine Tune-Up 

• Our mechanics electronically fine-tune your engine • New points, plugs & con­ denser • Test charging/starting systems, ad ju st ca rb u reto r • H elps m aintain a s m o o th ru n n in g e n g in e • In c lu d e s 
Datsun, Toyota, VW & light trucks 
*3688 

6 cyl - Add $4 for 8 cyl , 
$2 for air cond 

Just Say “Charge It!” 

• Goodyear Revolving Charge • Our Own Customer 
Credit Plan • Master Charge • BankAmericard • American 
Express Money Card • Carte Blanche • Diners Club 

 bee Your Independent Dealer For His Price. Prices As Shown At Goodyear Service Stores. 

D O W N TO W N 
8 16 S. St. M a ry ’s 
2 2 2 -1 3 7 3 

NORTHWEST 
3566 Fradsbg. Rd. 
7 3 5 -6 1 4 1 

BARBER TIRE A APPLIANCE 
□ • v i n # , T a x a t 
13-57 o6 

NORTHEAST 
1318 Austin H ighw ay 
8 2 4 -o 2 o 8 

NORTH STA k 
226 Rector 3 4 4 -9 7 8 6 

(A ero** from N. Star Mall) 

NORTH 
4 7 o 2 San Pedro 
8 2 4 -2 3 7 1 

D O W N TO W N 
4o1 N. Alam o 
2 2 7 -7 3 8 1 

PERRIN PLAZA 
1 14 79 P «rrin-B *it«l Rd. 
6 5 6 -3 1 1 1 

NEW BRAUNFELS 
6 2 5 -2 3 2 3 

WEST 
1811 W est Commerce 
2 2 5 -7 6 7 7 

SOUTH 
2131 S.W. M ilitary 
9 2 3 -4 5 6 3 

SOUTHEAST 
I 3 46 Pair 
5 3 4 -5 4 6 8 

EAST 
3 o 3 o la s t Commerce 
2 2 5 -7 2 6 6 

NORTHWEST 
1498 Hillcrest 
4 3 4 -3 1 o 6 

FREDERICKSBURG 
9 9 7 -7 5 5 6 

GOODYEAR INDEPENDENT DEALERS 
BA U M A N TIRE 
22o1 Cincinnati 
7 3 5 -5 2 5 1 

ATASCOSA TIRE CENTER 
119 W . O aklaw n H w y, 97 W a it 
Pleosonton, Texas 5 6 9 -3 4 8 4 

KERRVILLE 
2 5 7 -8 4 8 4 

SEGUIN 
3 7 9 -2 2 8 o 

RANDOLPH TIRE CENTER, IN C . 
829 Pat B o o k e r Road 
Universal City, Tx. 6 5 8 -4 7 7 1 

I 
4 

Hr* San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Sunday February I 3 1977 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 
Patrick Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
G A 
P h ilad e lp h ia 
33 l l 
I? 
78 
725 
153 
N Y . 
Isla n d e rs 
33 
IS 
8 
74 
196 
139 
A tlan ta 
24 
21 
11 
59 
185 
18? 
N Y , 
R a n g e rs 
2o 
24 
13 
53 
198 
2o4 
Smyttie Division 
St 
Louis 
24 
26 
6 
54 
167 
193 
C hicago 
2o l l 
IO 
5o 
179 
199 
C olorado 
17 
31 
9 
43 
171 
211 
M innesota 
13 
29 
13 
39 
163 
271 
V a n co u v e r 
16 
35 
6 
38 
156 
221 
W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 
N o rris Division 
M o n treal 
41 
7 
9 
91 li b 
I i i 
Pittsb u rg h 
24 
23 
9 
57 
175 
178 
Los 
A ngeles 
19 
25 
11 
49 
I 78 
ISO 
W ashington 
16 
3? 
IO 
4 I 
151 
23o 
D etroit 
15 
37 
I 
37 
139 
197 
A dum s Division 
Boston 
32 
19 
6 
7o 
11 5 
184 
B u ffa lo 
3! 
’ 7 
6 
68 
I V 4 
153 
Toronto l l 
21 
/ 
61 
211 
176 
C leveland 
18 
28 
9 
45 
164 
194 

Bob Dale is on vacation, his cartoon will resume when he returns. 

S h o o t i n g 

C L O V E R L E A F 
R e s u lts of th e IS U In te r n a tio n a l P is t o l T o ur nam enf S a tu rd a y a t P e r s ia n s F irin g R a n g e , F o r t 
Sam H ouston: 
Slow F ire : 
W in n e r. To m M o o re . S U 
I, D o n a ld 
M a tth e w s , 532. 2. H u b e r! D e n so n . S JI 
C e n te r 
F ire : 
W in n er, K en n eth T h a g g a rt, 5/7. I, H u b e rt 
D e n so n , !>76 
2. J e r r y P h iin o tt. 
5/o. 
3, S t u a r t 
A n d re w s. 565 
S ta n d a rd P is to l: 
W in n e r, 
Tom 
M o o re . 567 
I, J e r r y P h ilp o tt, 55/. 2, R o b e r t 
W u d d e ll 
S J I 
M ilit a r y O v e r a ll w in n e r : 
To m 
M o o n 
C iv ilia n O v e ra ll w in n e r: 
D u an e M o o re . 

T r a « * l t 

F rid ay ’s G am es 
C le velan d J, C o lorad o o 
V a n co u v e r 3, P ittsb u rg h > 
Saturday s G am es 
N ew York Is la n d e rs 2, P h ila d e lp h ia I 
Toronto IO. W ashington o 
M o n treal 8. Boston J 
C hicago 4, C olorad o 
D etroit I, Mlinnesota J 
St 
Lo uis 3, A tlan ta I 
Pittsb u rg h at Lo s A ngeles 
Sunday's G am es 
C le velan d at Boston 
Toronto at N ew York R a n g e rs 
M o n tre al at D etroit 
M innesota at B u ffalo 
A tla n ta at C hicago 
« 
W O R L D H O C K E Y A S S O C IA T IO N 
Eastern Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
G A 
Quebec hi 7o 
I 
6/ 
74o I VS 
Ind ianap olis 
76 74 
6 
58 
I8v /OI 
Cincinnati 
76 25 
2 
S i 
2J6 196 
N ew 
En g lan d 
71 i ? 
6 
48 
191 i l l 
B irm in g h a m 
71 IS 
I 
43 
192 215 x M innesota 
19 18 
5 
43 
1J6 179 
Western Division 
Houston 
I 1/ 
6 
68 
2o4 158 
Sun 
D iego 
7 l l 
I 
66 
19 i 18/ 
W innipeg 
79 ?? 
I 
59 
241 192 
Phoenix l l 3o 
7 
46 
W I 246 
Edm onton l l .?• 
I 
46 
15o 2oJ 
C a lg a ry 
71 27 
4 
46 
166 1 /7 x fran ch ise disb and ed 
F rid a y ’s G am es 
C in cin n ati 4, W in n ip e g o 
Q uebec 5, In d ian ap o lis I 
S an D iego 5. Pho en ix , 
C a lg a ry 3, Ed m o n to n I 
S a tu rd a y s G am e s 
In d ian ap o lis 5, N e w E n g la n d I 
Houston I. Q ueb ec 3 
S an D iego 3, B irm in g h a m 2 
Su n d ay's G am e s 
N ew En g la n d at C m cin natl 
W in nip eg a l In d ian ap o lis 
C a lg a ry af Ed m o n to n 
Pho en ix at Son D iego 

O y m n a 
N l i i ' M 

M ID L A N D T O U R N E Y 
Jo e F o rd of te e p laced second in the A ll A ro u n d com petition S a tu rd a y a f the M id lan d H tgn Scho ol 
G y m n a s tic s M eet 
F o rd w as second in floor nxcr cise . doub le h o rse , th ird rn r in g , a n d fir s t in va u ltin g 
T e am m ate Tom E v a n s w a s s e co n d in vaulting and th ird in the doobu h o rse 

A U S T IN M E E T 
Result of How for Yo u C an R u n in a H o u r M i r I cit M entor ial S'cid ium in A ustin 
I, C lin t M e r jefe, 
Corpus C hristi, l l m iles. S i y a r d s : ?, Ju a n G a rz a , 
Son Antonio, IO m iles, i ire y a r d s ; J, Jo h n D ic k e y , 
S .A to m iles. 
1,1o2 y a rd s 
O th e r top lo cal f in ­ ishers: 
P h il PoncD shek 
IO m iles, 1o8 v d s ; Jo h n 
M r G itfin. IO m i„ 52o vds ; L c R o v H a r v e y 
IO m i., 
142 yds 
M A R D I G R A S 
R esu lts of the th annual M a d ri G r a s m a ra th o n rub in N ew O d e o n s 
1, M a r ty Szuzin o, P itts b u rg h , 
P o . 
2 h rs , 77 m in u te ,, th re e s e c o n d s ; 
2, 
E d 
S te in g rab e r. L e w is (III I U n iv e rs ity , 7 27 o3; l l , Al 
S i ck e n , 5 ,6 , 2:48 .4 so cmd O v e r D iv is io n 
J, 
Jo h n C a lv a re s e , S A , 4 o5 22. 

I l o d o o R o n h I I n 

SA N A N T O N IO . ( A P ) 
H e re a re the resu lts from the th ird m orning p e rfo rm a n c e of the S an A nto nio 
Livesto ck Ex p o sitio n cmd R o d eo 
B i a r b o r * B ro n c - B ru e t t Ord. G re e ly . C clo . 69 
Jim D unn, Baiza* 
A lb e rta Candida 6/ 
G le n lo r d 
G re e ly , Colo and Jo e A le x an d e r 
M a r y s v ille , C alif 
65 
Coit Roping — R o nnie W illia m s , H u n ts v ille . Tex . 
1o 6; R o y ta p p e r, D u ran t. Ok la 
17 8, R ic h a rd F r y , 
G ate sville , Tex , 13.7, 
Steer W re stlin g - 
Jim Sm ith . C a s tle , O n a . ' 
L a w s o n E s s e x , M ia m i 
O kiu , 5 o. R ic k B r a d le y , 
B u rk b u rn e tt, I ex 
5./ 
S a d d le B ro n c R id in g - G a r y B ru b u , P o r t Or ch a rd O re 
76; P a c e M e rrill, M ad iso n , W ise , 65, 
B u lt Ii B ra y , A ngel s C am p . C alif , 64 
O iri'S B o rre l R a c in g — Kciv Servan t!-/, S an An go lo, Tex . 16 I, R o e Dolt B u n ch , W a x a h a c h ie , Tex , 
I/ 9; R i- b e cia Com bs, W a u rik a , O k la . 2o.8 
B u ll Riding - P a u l C h ad w ick , F o r t C o llin s. Colo , b>. S te v e H ia tt. A u s tin , T e x , 66. Jo h n P a x to n , 
Austin. Tex., 63. 

Afternoon perform ance 
B a re b a ck b ronc — P a c e M e rrill, M ad iso n , W is . 
/2. Jim W iiiu w c tt. C re ig h to n , S D , 71; 
M a r io n 
B o yd . B ig W ells, Tex 
63 f a it rop ing — Ro nnie W illia m s , H u n ts v ille . Tex , 
12.7 s tra n d s ; R ic h a rd f r y . G a te s v ille , Tex., 18 t i 
B 'liv Hutto, C le v e la n d , Tex , 21.5. 
S te e r w re stlin g » B e ll Ro$i 
T e m p le 
Tex 
4 4 seconds. E u g e n e W eak lev, B u rk b u rn e tt, Tex , 4 5. 
Jim M iddleton, A x tell, Tex . 6 3 
Sad d le bronc rid ing — M e rto n f a b b an k s, W h ite 
R iv e r, S D . 11, B o b b y B ro w n , Lu b b o ck , l e x . 71; 
MontV Hi nton, M e sao d c. Tex . 69 
G i n s b a i r d i rn m 
- 
S h o n n a B u s h . M a s o n , 
T e x . 
16 6 second s. 
M a r y jiy n Sc h o tte r, 
R e s e d a , 
Coli) 
16 8 B o n n ie B ry a n t, 
H a g e rm a n , N M , 16 9 
B ra h m a oui) rid ing - M ik e C a th e v, B ig S p rin g . 
Ti • 
7 B a r r y G a r r e tt 
M e r c e d e s Tex a n d 
W a i ev C ath ey, B u soc mg. 
7o 

Colt S c ra m b le — 
I. N o rm a n O v e rly . S an An tonio, 2. C h a rle s B o tes, San A nto nio 3; L lo y d H a ir, 
San Antonio. 
Cutting H o rse — I. M r. Son P e p p y . K in g R a n c h , 
K in g s v ille . 
7. U n o P rin c e s s , B r in k s R a n c h , Sis- te rd a te ; 3. C rick et s D ative, 
L. 
M . P e a r c e Jr 
Houston. 

Evening performance 
B a re b a ck bronc rid ing — I Ja m e s W a rd . O d essa , 
Tex . 8o 
2. Je ff Lo n e v. G re a t F a lls , M o n t., 77. 3. 
< Olton G eorg e, M a rb n fv ille , Tex . an d G a r y P a y n e , 
Ingalls. K a n ., (tie ) 7o. 
Calf roping — I Tom Ferg u so n , M ia m i. O k la , 9 9. 
7 
Jo h n n y E d m o n s o n , M c C a u lle y , T e x ., t i. 6 
3. 
Tooter W aites, B lu ff D ale. Tex 
12,3. 
Steer W restlin g — I, T o m m y P u r y e a r , L e a n d e r, 
Tex 
3 5 7 D an e - Se w ell, C la rk s o n , W a s h . I 8 3. 
D onnie Y a n d ell, L o w e r La k e , C a lli , 5.6. 
Saddle bronc — I 
B ill Sm ith, C o d y. W y o . 77, 2. 
Chuck I f a lik e , T o rt P ie r r e , S D , 69. 3. B o b b y 
B u rg e r, N o rm an , O k la , 68 
B a r r e l ra c in g — I. M a r ily n S c h a ffe r , R o s a d o , 
C a lif 
16 I. 7, S h a n n a B u s h , M a s o n , T ex . a n d 
M a rily n B o u ch e r, F a rifa x , O kla. (tie ) 16 7. 
B ra h m a bull rid ing — I A rt R a y . K e lle r, Tex , 74 
2. Jim Dunn, B a lz a c , A lb e rta, C an . 72. 3. R o d n ey 
Jo n es, W inona, Tex., 71, 
Cutting horse: l l ) Dock s fo x , ow n ed bv P a l 
M a rro w e , Union, N J 
(2) G o ld en W o n d e r, ow n ed bv Jim and M a r y J o M iln e r, F o rt W orth . (3 ) H o lly 
C o m m and er, ow ned by M rs B e a t r ic e W e ll, D a lla s 

B o v s ’ co lt s c r a m b le : 
I t ) 
K e lly 
R ic k s , 
S a n 
A nto nio: 
12) K e r r y W rin k le . R a n k in ; (I) l a n e 
Turk, C ryden. 

G A R D E N S T A T E : 
43’ 98o Je r s e y B e n e H on d icoo - • Sw eet A llia n ce IS ; 8o), O ne N ig h t A ffa ir, 
Roses ct L o v e O ne and one sixteenth m ile s rn 1:49 
35 

T U R F P A R A D I S E : 
4431,663 F e a t u r e - 
B e s t 
Show ($18.4o), M ataip o . P r e v a ilin g B re e z e . F iv e and a halt furlongs in 1:o2 45 
G O L D E N G A T E F I E L D S : 
$27,35o A lb a n y Hon d icap - M a h o ra s ($3.oo), P r in c e F a lm e r , H a p p y 
R an d y . F iv e and a halt furlongs in 5.o3 35. 

S U N L A N D : 
F e a tu re — F re e d o m 
To B e ( S t ), 
H a y R o m an J r . , F iv e R . Scout. Six an d one h alf furlongs in 1: 17 45. 
S A N T A A N IT A : 
$34,o5o C am in o R e a l H a n d ic a p 
— M r. Bold B a tte r ($1o), E x a c t D u p lica te . Con fe d e ra te Y a n k e e . O ne an d o n e- au o rter m ile s in 
2:oo 15. 
N E W 
Y O R K 
— The 
N e w 
Y o rk 
S ta te 
L a b o r 
D e p a r tm e n t s a id S a tu r d a y it w a s a d v is in g ow n ers and tra in e rs at A q ued uct R a c e T ra c k not to em ploy teen ag e la ck e y sensation S te v e Couth en until the 16 veur-old star rid er gets his w o rk in g 
D opers. . 
The L a b o r D e p o rtm e n t s a id th e h o r­ sem en w e re violating a state law w h ich p ro h ib its the h irin g of m inors und er 18 w ho d on't p ossess w orking p apers. The N e w Y o rk S tate R a c in g and 
W a g e rin g B o a rd , h o w eve r, soys that e v e ry th in g is in ord e r and the situation should be re s o lv e d bv 
M o nd ay 

I S a K k « » t b a l l 

C A R P E N T E R S 
R' su i's of the meekly P r o A m 
1st A n d v B e a v e r , 
R ed C layton, M ike P in e y 
O s c a r H ille r, 4 . 
2nd 
Abel B e rla n g a , N o rris W ester, Jo ck C a m p b e ll 
Al 
B a rth , 44, 
(rd (tie ) M ike1 H e d y i 
O 'I B e r ia iy r i 
O tto T aiib e rt, D ong T a y lo r. 
D on P in e y , F r a n k 
Foster. Ed d ie G u e rra , Jo h n H o ven , 45. 

H O L E - IN - O N E 

Don Spann re co rd e d his first hole in one w hen tie a re d the 166 y a rd fifth w ith a 6 iron S a tu rd a y at the I ort Som Houston Co urse 

H o r a * * H a r i n g 

F A IR G R O U N D S 
$33,95o Pe lle tsin H a n d ic a p — 
Po n to lb a ($11.5o), R ip the C a n d y . G la s s y D ip. Six furlongs in I o9 75 
L O U IS IA N A , fe a tu r e — D a v e •> b id i an ($4 f-o), 
F ifty P lu s . K in g W in te r. S e ve n fu rlo n g s in I 27.3. 
O A K L A W N : 
$25,ooo H o n d ico p 
- 
S ilv e r Hope 
($6 6o), A lb e rt H B., Rom eo. Six fu rlo n g s in I ll 
45. 
S U F F O L K : 
Thaw conditions and a m u d d y tra ck forced can cellatio n of ra rin g 

A Q U E D U C T 
$53 OOO L u c k y D ra w S ta k e s - 
C atalan ($9 ho). H o n o ra b le G u e st 
O ne a n d one- sixtcentn m iles tn 1:46 
B O W IE : 
427 8oo W P 
B u rc h Stake , — K n ig h tly 
• M a rv in ($56 4o), Do The B u m p , C o unter P u n c h . 
Six furlongs in t ti 

G U L F S T R E A M : 
$67,4oo D oon H a n d ic a p - 
Legion ($2) 6o), Lo g ica l, Yom cjnin 
O ne an d one eighth pules in I id 45 

C E N T R A L Y M C A 
P e e W e e D iv is io n : 
S e n io r K n ic k s 
3, P a lm 
H eights 78 
M id get D ivisio n : 
St. P h ilip s 
\ St 
M a r y s P a n th e rs IO. C e n tra l Y M C A 18. St 
M a r y s 
P a n th e rs 15 GT 
Ju n io r D iv is io n : 
Y M C A N o I 4 5 . f irst P re s b y te ria n 12 
Sen io r D iv is io n : 
Y M C A 
E a g le s 56, C h rist The K in g C a y s 42. S id e w in d e rs 
71. N orthsid e W a r r io r s 4o. 

E IG H T H G R A D E U O Y S 
S co re s fro m the C h rist the K in g T o u rn a m e n t p la ye d b e tw e e n lo cal eighth g r a d e sch o o ls 
St, 
P a t r ic k s 37, st 
M a r g a r e t M a r y ’s B 2o; 
St. 
C e cilia s 22, St. Jo h n Bose o IO; St. M a r y s 37, St 
T h e re sa's 23; St. P h ilip s 6o, M ount S a c re d H e a rt 
37; St M a rg a re t M a ry s A 31, St. Ann s 29; C h ris t the K in g 48. St. A lb e rt s H ail 
IO, 
St 
L e o s 48, 
S acre d H e a rt of Del R io 78, 
H oly C ro ss 3o, St 
G e r a r d s 27; St 
M a r y s 4o, St 
Ja m e s 
24; 
St 
L e o s I?, H oly Cl OSS 21 
Si 
G e r a r d s 43, S a c re d 
H e art of Del R io 22; St T h eresa s 24, St. M a r g a r e t 
M a ry s 23; SI 
M a r y s 78, St 
P a t r ic k 's 26. 

S o f t b a l l 

T E A M S N E E D E D 
Class A to A A A team s are needed tor the T a c o 
T e rrito ry 's slow pitch softball to u rn am e n t, to be held f eb. 76 l l A nyo ne interested in p a rtic ip a tin g should call 432 /6o/ or 277 8724 

R u g b y 

S A R U G B Y C L U B 
The S an A ntonio R u g b y Club re m a in e d u n b eaten 
S a tu rd a y a s tnt- A Sid e b lan k ed the A u stin H u ns, 
2o 6, at O lm os P a r k . The B Sid e also c la im e d its th ird c o n s e c u tiv e w in . 18 o 
P a t F e r n s , B r u c e 
S e m lln g e r, G r a d y H o e rm a n n , 
Tom H u g h e s an d 
Jim m y C a rte r had one try e a ch tor the A side. 
T e rry E n g lis h had two trie s for the B Sid e. 

B o w l i n g 

A V T T O U R N E Y 
R o y 
L r d m q n , p lu s 54. 
Jim A lb e r s , p iu s 39; 
N o rm an C la rk , plus 9, 
R a y G ra n t, p lus 4; 
Bob 
V illa rre a l, m inus 6. 
D ick ie B e ll, m in u s 
IO; 
Je d 
B e ll, p lu s I t ; 
E r n ie C a ld w e ll, m in u s l l ; 
R o o 
G riffin , m inus 14; W en d e ll W o n g m in u s 2o; 
Al ternate — Je ff D ietzel. m inus 2' 
The fin a ls sta rt at I o rn. F r id a y at W o n d e r B o w i 

F A * M il ii ti V I 

WANT TO SAVE 
MONEY ON YOUR MEAT 
BILLS? THEN SEE OUR FILL 
COLOR MEAT AD IN 
TODAY S COLOR COMICS! 

IOU SI! OI 
O I A L I T Y M E A T S 

7 o 4 9 SAN PEDRO • 3 4 4 -4 5 7 1 . 

-College r a g e se o re s 

S a tu rd a y * R e su lt* 
T E X A S T E A M S 
Southw est C o nference 
A n a liso s /ti. R te e i i t • *as I et h 87, T exas 69 
S M U 7o. Texas A TSM 68 

HELP 
To Stop D n lt i Penalty in Tex­ as. 
Send 
N am *. 
Addret*. 
Phone ta 
San 
Antonie toothier! 
P.O. Fox 
S3, City 
7*391 Donation* W elcom e. 

— 
A D V ____ 

Houston 114, TC U 71 
Lone S ta r Conference 
S o u t h w e s t 
T e x a s 69, 
S a m 
Houston 59 
Stephen F. A ustin t i , Texas A S I 
Ii 

H o w a rd H a yn e It. A ngelo St 74 
A u iien e C h ristia n 91, E a s t Tex as / i 
Big Stole Conference 
L a s t T e x a s B a p tis t 66, T e x a s 
L u th eran 65 
St. E d w a r d s 81, So u th w e ste rn 

69 

St. M a r y s 71, L e T o u rn e a g JO, non conterenc e 
Southland Conference 
A rk a n s a s St. 78 L a m a r 77 
M c N eese 68, L o u is ia n a Tech 66 
S W L o u s ia n o 61, Ja c k s o n v ille 
59, G T . non co n feren ce 
Other Texas Team * 
A rizo na St 69, U T L P 54 
Trinity a I. D o n a * Baptist 78 
O ral R o b erts l l ? . N orth Texas 
9o 
P a u l Q um n TBT, A rk a n s a s Bap fist HO 
M is s is s ip p i V a lle y 82 
P r a ir ie 
View 76 

DISCOUNT CITY 
T il.* > M N IO O R O W I & 

-•Hi V W 
M il ll XKN HR 
SERVICE CENTER HOURS 

C I O S I O S U N D A Y 

O P t N 9 - 9 M O N . - F R I . 

. 
S A T U R D A Y 9 - 6 
TIRE SALE! 
DUNLOP GLASS BELTED 
POLYESTER CORDS plus 
FIBERGLASS BELTS 

Mobil 

ANV SIZE 
LISTED: 

51/t 
IXC 
!A» 
51/i c 
’ ax 
A *8 13 
I I I 
C/8 
I 4 
2 OI 
8/ii I J 
1 HO 
D/8 
14 
2 o9 
C 78 1 3 
2 OI f ia 
14 
I 26 h*tt >4 
I 88 i/8 
I 4 
I 42 

ANY 
SIZE 
LISTED; 
SU I 
I I C IAK 
G /8 14 
I sa 
H78 Is 
I UU 
C / B IS 
2 65 
M/8 IS 
.8 8 

ADD M ILIS Of WEAR 
WHEEL 
ALIGNMENT! 

.V CK - 

 r A tg 

• br Lob 
'8 8 

: tufted 
9 

M o st U S coes 

PiUfH * »fr<3 it 

 needed 

8 
8 
* 
* 

WHITIS PIUS 
ONLY 3.oo EACH! 

5i2t 
J78 IS i/8 15 

INSTALLATION INCLUDED! 

* ’ W H IT ! P R K ! . 

Extra Savings on Pirelli 
Motorcycle Tires! 
2 o % OEF OUR REGULAR LOW 
PRICE ON ANY SIZE IN STOCKI 

D 
U N 
L O 
P 4 F U L L P L Y • 
POLYESTER CORDS! 

33"*? 

(TI ll 
• ft ll 
(/» ll 
HIS i 
Iii 
PLUS ONLY i v y 

I S 3 . o o E A C H ! 
9 wr mmuhuimm i *)<»9> * te*ui«at.. 

DIK I DRUM M AKI PACKAGE! 

 for Mo p U J Cart A light Truth* with 

Dent Dim A leer Drum Irak rn 
• toitoi! M W trout Oil* Pads, leer linings, 
Dent Gitas* Wots (rent Aralia 
Hardware Roar hetura Springs 
• Rebuild front Caliper! A Roar Whoa! 

Cylinders A Turn lr oui D id (toters A 
Keel Drum* 

• each Irani Bearings A lite# Mydruulu 
System 

• Ad,u*i Forking Brahes A Intfod Molter 
Cylinder le a d Tell Car l«r Safely 

Tee* trek* System mid Ie 

 amt I ar par** ** • needed 

 yew * be Kiexreed M e re 89 
8 8 

H U M S P K ItO M — HQ OBLIGATION! 

DUNLOP 
TRUCK TIRES! 

HO ’ in 
MU IIC w?t ft 
IM 
HU­ un n * IM 
Hut roe i« 
♦ 
. U 
M M ho 1* I 
I 
( H t i l l 
♦7o I) 
♦ 
141 
47 M 
IOiW ’* > I 
I 4 
♦ III 

7* ii 
1 l l ; 
M N i m i d a 
I ll 
ZIM 
*!« I! 
♦ 
2 7* 
M M 
MZO ti 
♦ 
I V 
♦SM 
BL I* 
* 
ISI b t u 
ITI » 
I 
S U 
IS M 
WO It) 
I 
.iii 
IIM 
IO I*," 
4 
I It 
1/ U 

W) t 1 
I 
IN 
U N ti Ii** 
* 
4 MS 
6} M 

’ tty wfc y an tx* XI—visit 
,, . ,o1.1*1 ♦ I—I .'Statism 

■ -Inned Whee litten 

GLOBE MARS BATTERY 
36 MONTH 
LIMITED WARRANTY! 

OU 
. x - W h , i X k 
U , 

Instal latten 
S S H S T - « £ . £ ? £ £ £ 

 indudetf r. T 
•Mf #*** ** NP* ** ****** #*# ***«# ** 
WMNH #* iftMMte (*•< a#**** 
HK! 
I 
# rn rtf ii* nj " 

TYPHOON STEEL DISH WHEEL i»ofc |i clit#*** (ikffffi* 
Pikes 
<*»t! I S m fanpuNrf 
§1o finite De Vigil 
2 8 
8 8 

 free ?•, tuftier lei 

,•3*4981 hut I. M b . 
.-•mi aet! ten I t i per ak. 

ID U I HW AYAH. ABU A! (OM W A H I LOW FRILLS 

W a y la n d B a p tis t ll, M c M u r r y 
7o 
TH E N A T IO N 
Atlantic Coast 
M a ry la n d 84, C lem so n 18 
W a k e F o re s t 84, N o rth C a ro lin a 
5' ll 
N orth C a ro lin a 1o6, T g ia n e 94, non co n fe re n ce 
D uke 77, St. Jo s e p h *, P a bl, non confer ence 
Old D om inion 71, V irg in ia 63, non c outer enc e 
Southeastern 
K e n tu ck y 89, A u b u rn 82 
G e o rg ia 92. M ississip p i 76 
T ennessee 9), CSU 64 
A la b a m a 73. M ississip p i St 69 
V a n d e rb ilt 85, F lo rid a ll 
Big Ten 
Purdue 1o7, Northwester n 84 
W iv onym bl. Illinois 5o 
M ich ig an St 71, O hio St. 57 
M innesota 61, io w a 58 
M etro 7 
C in cin n ati 84, G e o rg ia Teen 73 
M id A m e ric a n 
C e n tra l M ic h ig a n It. e a s te r n 
Mic m oan ll 
M iam i. Ohio 87. B o ll St 7o 
N orth ern illinois 77, O hio U 
7o 
Toledo 64 B o w lin g G re e n 55 k ent St 
7o, W estern M ich ig an 
68 
Big Eight 
K a n s a s St. 86. K a n s a s 8 
N e b ra s k a 6o. M issour i 58 
M issouri Valley 
D ra k e 9v, T u lva l l 
Pacific 8 
C a lifo rn ia 84, O reg on st si 
Western Athletic 
C O larudo V ’ti. B r igham v o y ’ ii bl 
A rizo na St 69, U t t P 54 
A rizo n a 88. N ew M e x ico 84 
Ivy Le a g u e 
P e n n 59 Cor neii i I 
H a r v a r d fen B ro w n 64 
D artm ou th 59. Y a le 58 
P r inccio n 85. C d u in b '.i 64 
W est Coost AC 
S a n F r a n c is c o 99, St. M a r y * 
Cant 8J 

O ther T eam s 
N otre D am e 84. south C a ro lin a 
66 
M arquette 86. M a n h a tta n 6o 
Old D om inion 71, V irg in ia 63 
I nr m o'. V I C ‘ariel 66 
M o r e h e a d 88. W e s t e r n K e n ­ tucky 74 
V irg in ia Tech 89, A r m y 74 
P ro v id e n c e 99, L o n g is la n d U. 
85 
R u tg e rs 68, Wr st V irg in ia 66 
H o ly Cross 112. Bosto n College t i 
V iiia n o v a 9o, G e o rg e W a s h in g 
•on ll 
C reighton 81. Nt-braska O m a h a 
69 
U tah St 74, A ir F o rc e 69 
X v a 
C o m m o n w e a lt h 
78, 
D e la w a re St. 52 
A p p a la c h ia n S t. 63, E a s t Ca- roim u 6o kr B o n a v e n tu re 91. S y r a c u s e 84 i 'eon st 7/ N a v y t s 
D ayton 86, South F lo r id a 58 
V M I 92, R ich m o n d a/ 
St Jo h n v, N Y 83, F o rd h a m 63 
I em ote 87, L a S a lle 75 
Seton H all 78. W a g n e r 66 
D etroit 123. W a y n e 5* . M i ti, 77 
U N C C h a r lo tte 1o2, S o u th e rn 
M ississip p i 7o 
W illia m & M a r v 68. D avid so n 6o 
D u q u e s n e 66 P a t 63, o r 
I inrido St bl Stetson 8o, O I 
In d ian a bt Bd c le ve io n d St 76 
M u rra y S' 
77. L a s ! Tennessee 

 tnt.. 
. o u i s i a nu i t 

A x io n 7v B u ffa lo ll 
N o rm C a ro lin a C e n tra l 71. Hor 

Le h ig h es D e la w a re 82 
M assach u setts n , Rho d e islan d 
6 i 
N orth D a k o ta Sr 
V6, M o rn in g side 76 
R o ch ester 7t, C olgate 69 
I v O tisville 66, St J asea s, Iud 

Nor rn D ak o ta 87, South D a k o ta ti I. I C Ti 

Captain Jack’s 
« 
CHICKEN PACK 8 
SPECIAL 

Os. 

This Chicken Pock will tak* core of your hungry family! 
It s filled with 8 big pieces of doubt* crisp fried chicken and a full pint of our exclusive Sea farm Rice. 

5 9 

S t r ik e s *n S p a r e s 

B y H a r r y B a g o 

CHILDREN UNDER 6 EAT 
FREI W ITH M O M OR DAD 

Tessm an’s visit could end hassles 

Happy days may be here again — hopefully. 
Roger Tessman, chief of the American Bowling Congress’ Rules 
Department, will be here Sunday and Monday. 
Tessman will talk to the San Antonio Bowling Association’s Board of Directors Sunday at Sports Palace, and meet with local proprietors, managers! mechanics and other concerned lane personnel Monday at Wonder Bowl. Both meetings start at 9 a.m. 

“ Mr. Tessman’s primary purpose on lins trip is to show how lanes should be dressed and, also, to demonstrate some illegal lane dressings,” said Red 
Holland, the S.\B/\ secretary. “ There’s a lot of people in town that really don't know how to dress lanes according to 
ABC rules. He will also show us some inspection procedures. 
“ Hopefully, we will have the same lane conditions in each house after his visit, The primary complaint of most of the bow let's is tilt1 inconsistent lane condition in houses around the city. 
Sometimes the lanes are spotty, others are overly oiled, and others are not dressed properly. z\ll the bowlers want is the same lane condition iii each house. Maybe Mr. Tessman s visit will remedy the situation.” 
Members of the San .Antonio Bow ling 
Proprietors Association and non­ members, including proprietors of bowling establishments on the military bases, have been invited to attend 
Monday's meeting. 
“ We're hoping that Mr. Tessman will straighten things out,” said Joe 
Carmack, proprietor of Wonder Bowl, who, along with others, has been un­ happy with some of Mr. Holland's de­ cisions and the rejection of scores bv 
ABC; 
“ There's no way oil can be evenly distributed after 411 or 5(1 games have been bowled on the lanes. The whole purpose of ABC’s Rule 4 on dressing is gutter to gutter oil....it’ll start out that way but it won’t end up the same after bowling so many games. 
“ Mr. Holland is mistaken in the way he is doing his job, He is new on the job and lacks experience, I feel. 

“ There was an interesting quote in the Strikes 'n Spares column last week about a bow ler possibly suing a house for a rejected score,” Carmack con­ tinued. “ If the bowler is going to sue anybody, it should be ABC for denying the award — not the house. If (Keith* 
Hershey’s 3oo isn t eventually sanc­ tioned. I might want to sue .ABC my­ self. I hope we can get everything worked out so we can go in harmony for the good of bowling.” 
Around the lanes 
Joe Vito Bucnrostro and Freda 
Cockrell of Harker Heights will repre­ sent Texas in the Western sectional of 
Bowling Spectacular ‘77 in Denver. 
Colo,, Feb. 26*27; Bucnrostro and Mrs. 
Cockrell won the right to represent 
Texas by winning scratch all events titles in the ABC and WIBC state asso­ ciation tournaments last year. The top eight scorers in both men's and wo­ men's competition will qualify for tin* finals to be held at Wonder Bowl in 
May. 
Frau Trenkelbach won the women's all event crown with a I.HIH total and 
James Rochester captured the men s title w itll a 1.733 total during the Senior 
Citizens Tournament at San Pedro last weekend 
. ( urt Elliott and Debbie 

ROGER TESSMAN 
...c o m in g to town 

Lauzon combined for a 1.598 to win 
84o(1 and the second annual Scratch 
Mixed Doubles tournament at Thunder 
Bowl . . f>Ro\ Alvarado had a 265 for 
1o1 pins over his average and John 
Leigh rolled a 278 for 114 pins over his average at Mitchell . . . Jim my Sellars had a 255, Myrt DeFily rolled a Dutch 
2oo. Rene (antu rolled a 253. 263 and a 
266 for a fabulous 782 series, Elliott bad a 286 game. Jackie Hargrove, who has a 124 average, had a 258-524, /Ann 
Barker had a 16o triplicate, Fred W il­ liams rolled IOO pins over his average with a 245 game, all at Wonder Bowl. 
The Ladies Amateur Tournament 

Association will hold its monthly event 
Saturday and Sunday at Southside . . . 
Chris Goodwin rolled a 254 at Bowler- uma . . . Jack Babock had a 278, Fay 
Milligan 244 and Madelyn Spreng 242 at Southside . 
. 
. Ila! Poll had a 184 all-spare game and Ronnie Mulino had a 257 at Sports Palace 
Dick Pence, 

Duane Meeee and Bettie Jo Geisler eac h had 268 games, Nora Johnson had a 243, Eva Lindley rolled a 137 tripli­ cate. Gene Garza had a 186 all-spare game and Penc e had his first 7oo (722) at Oak Hills . . , Ellen Slone had a 24o game at Thunder Bowl . 
. 
. Lloyd 

Se h reef cr had a 255 at Astro Bowl . . . 
Lenora Rose had a 535 and hun Davis 
579 for the top series in the Senior Ci­ tizens meet. 

Bruce Daudelin aud Rick Clarkson will represent District 15 and Frank 
Maldonado of New Braunfels will be one of the two District 16 representa­ tives in the Texas ( lassie Bowling A v soeiation's men s all-star champion­ ship tournament Saturday and Sunday at Expressway Lanes in Dallas. Dau­ delin had his district's top average with a 191. while Clarkson finished with a ISO Both represented District 15 last veal' 
. 
Fred Anthony, the im tai employe at San Pedro, is rapidly reco­ vering after his recent surgery. 
The w eek’s results 

L A N t N O T E S 
A L L S T A R 
Ski m a d G o od m an t i t , Lo o Hem * an 
611, 7/oi 
614 B la n c h Barth.-*! ‘ > ) M a r y H e n fir ': 558, Lin d a Wilke* 56o, I vc Long 559. 
A S T R O : L i O v d S r h in e U r / J I 
J u v K e o h e d V 
.46 64* B ill Stoner 631, N ath an W n “ •( Nj t i l , C urt* 
Resend* i 616. B e v e r ly H u H o w ictl 598, Ju d y B u rk - h a rd ! Sol, EH * To m cz vk 577, D e b b ie C a r n e y 559, 
Josephine O a k m a n I 7 
Ju te h< (sty 5 4 * 
1 l i«> * m en o ve r 6oo series this -*t.< k, I ; w o m e n o,< < 53o se* I* , in the last u o a* ex ,• 
B O W L E R A M A : C h n * G o o d w v n AGZ, V tz c 
Huwt-rton 53/ A couple ut b o w le rs c e n eed ed 'or tw o ‘ nix e d leagues th a i h av e -..tarted on .M onday a n i f • nitty n ig h t . 
A ls o a n e b s ti un a e is s ia r t u u 
Th* '-dux ingots 
F o r lurthef ti.tor mu*,go ran 
, 4 J 'ie 1 ( 
GOLIAD: Leona Huff 499, 594 Ruby Golinda 586 
Git- da Reeker 57/ f .t Tondfe 5o> 
I rn * nj lr*. 
556, I* e n * D an ie ls 544, I u , . W e n n iy g r 538, ► 
-vx 
Bocnhoitz 6 ?6 is • Chanitn-rno 6 1 9 , Tony C ardenas t i l 
(h e hon r 1$ h a rin g a B o w le r * S p e c ia l e v e r y 
F r id a y an d S a tu rd a y a lle r m id n ig h t, b a w le rs can bowl th ree aam ,-, for $1 bi 
HERMANN SONS: Angel Moreno t ,o, Bob Moab 
6o7 
B*>t Sad ler r 1 7 , B o o V letter 554, C lau d e C o w en 
585, Je a n n ie B tn a d o 53o, A r s in e c teten ► 
S57 
R n a n n ie fra n c fc o w io k 554, B a r b a r a G r if f in 5 i t , 
M a rg a re t SU (am t 538. B a r b a r a H o t!, 
555 
K lr bv 
Slate Bank won the M e rch a n ts L e a g u e title 
M IT C H E L L : YViima G ra y 587, Ann Taylor 574 
R a v f lay ton 61 ’ B H o r rin g 64/. Jo h n D A r a r , u 1 41 
Rn t- Roberts 633. John Hanes 631 joe Gonzales 6.'n 
Bob M art n bin, Jim Senors 6/8 (ZI men fcdOor o ., * 

O AK H IL L S 
O - • P e n c e III 
H o i S m ith 246 691, bonnie S u va 65 
B i 
B a k e r 631 
Boot y L a n g le y t > 
J. the JU Gets** * 684, S h irle y M a n si cir) - e 
M o n # ll 
H O " 634 k a re n Port-. 616. H e le n N e w e ll b n . lo rry Jo h n so n 
6oo. ('6 w om en o.» r 53o st - K S , n m u ore- 6<X) vt t u s < 
SA N P E D R O 
Slim U rb a n o 

O c 

 c 

 u , B e r na 1 oui , Jo h n D u •••-•nu* f GOC, D tm n a T a rte r ivx. s/it amia N eig h b o i , 56/ 
H alen S n e p h * j 4 $ , tackle P le a son 
5 ,7, te n o r u R y%$ Kenmar t it it f n ) 
.in 
D u . 

• a 1 1 
B i 

1 A jB C I 5o8, to m K a ra b y lA JB C I lr , ly e i seine* citizen ) bit 
S O U T H S ID E : Buddx M o a re c5o, S p e e d 
6 1*. A l I ham a t 635, M a n u e l G o n z a le s fei 
Su lliva n AiO f ay M illig a n 6 ii, S u s ie Q rtiz 48®, M o n a 
M in to n i l l. M y rt p e F ily 5/5. boo W h ite 6*o , Ja m ie 
Jo h n so n 557 I IO m en 6oo or o ve r t e n e t ; 17 w o m en 
53o or o ver s e rie s ) Bitty Lo v in g Jr 
(A JB T I 23 5 <M6 
S P O R T S P A L A C E 
Ro nnie H utm e 7 1 5 . Jo e V ita 
B u v ro stra SUA 7o4, C n m lie to il, bbl, R a n d y B u r n t a 5v. B o l; M u m s t i l . C in d y Jo h n s o n 623, M a r t h a 
F a s t i S9v, D enotes M a y 59$, Jo A n n B a l l a r d $91, 
S h e ry l B ro n s r d $79, <15 w om en o ve r 53o s e rie s , 26 m en o v e r oat) t e n e t ) . A la d ie s C la s s ic le a g u e •> 
Being org anized ta Start rn the turn m e r on M o n d a y nights at I ; IS , w om en w ith a HO or b etter a v e r a g e 
Who w ish to tom should < ail J IV 4418 
T H U N D E R 
D or I Stead ing 6. I. AOOdV .M orris 6o7. 
E lle n Stone 516, C o nnie San ch e z 5)3, K a th y K ir t t l A J B C ) 53» 
Sco tt H a th eat ( A J B C ) 618. Je u m n e 
Schaacx ( A J B C ) 214 596. M k t R,zzo lA U B C ) 5e> 
S a n d ra P h illip s (P e e w e e ) 1)o 275 
T h u n d e r B a w l has sta r,ed a P e e w e e (eig h t y e a rs old an d under bow ling one g a m e ;, a B a n ta m ( I ! a n a u n d er i a n a a at I d in but )i d< jt io u c o il 333-1 4o/ or 
D ia n a D re s s e r 519 bb /til 
Jim m y S t u a r t 
R o b e rt f la n g e *49 711, 
C a 
J r . 69o, P e te 
6o9. N et C la rk SGI. D ee 
IHA, O OI • u Jo n e t 463 
*n 54® ot e v e r se* m% in r ado s e rie s m the ta ti 

 st i io< h ague (* . to lo * fu r th e r in fo rm 

44/ o911 A nnet!* B ra w n S JI 
W O N D E R 
Rent- C antu 
255 734 C a it L m olt li b H i 
D o n J o n if t Z 7o9. G a lio n 
B ra v v te r os/. P a ts y Uttorich 
C urt y J89 A ik < /At K e m » 
G>er<cKJ B o y e r Aft 
( i j won* 
•ust two w e e * !. 63 m e n o. two w eeks! 
S E N IO R C IT IZ E N S 
F mat resu lts af fa a n ig y a f S a n P e d r o T e a m e v e n ! 
— Senior W o n d e r* J 546 
Sun Pedro S w in g e rs ?.! 43, 
M as B e e n * J J U , D oub les - H e le n N ich o lso n S a r a 
C ly ion. 1o8* 
Lee R o y O ff m a n lo u t H o rn b y 1o81 
M ig u e l M aw r R ia Ja m e s R o c h e s te r 1o74 
S in g le t 
L a d ie s — £ m et 4 o a eto n d 57®, fcrn o f r e n t e ib a c h 
567 
U e 'iu F o w le r sos. M e a — R a n a ld S m ith , t , 
Ja m e s Urn tip ster 587. M um , ic ta J av 
A I ( v e n t s 
L a d ie s — 11 «. x e ib u th I a • sr 
G lo r ia B a c se i t o 

'Or,- Lout i lug lids) 
M en — R o ch e ste r I 7 J J Sm ith 
164o, L l ►. M o o *e lo 1 4 
TH U N D ER C L A S S IC 
W in n e r s of th e s e c o n d a n n u a l S c r a t c h M ix e d 
D oubles to o rn am e r t a t Thund er t, C u rt d h o t i 
D ebbie Lauzon, S4oo. 1598, 7. M a rk W a id r e p D ia n e 
* . ’tined/. H o usto n, J OO, 1 553. J. I lo. B u d lo b e , 
5 • >3. IV O ; t M y rf D e l -tv W e * Merck. 51oo. 15/4, 5, 
Jo v e Je a n Sm ith jim m ie R e ta *8o, 15/j, 6. Bettie 

Jo G eIsie' Ken Falconer, $54. 15o6 

TCBA NOTES 
L a te s t w o m e n s s ta n d in g s 
D is t r ic t ti 
- s a n 
M a rc o s W a g n e r, 65 JO 
S A s C a b in e t, in 47. 
S a 
W o n d e r, ; 
53; s a 
A m e r ic a n B a n k , ?5 7o 
D i t* ic t 1/ - N e w B r a u n fe ls C o m a l, Ss 4' 
S A 
’ • 
1 
»1 s- s A H a w k ny. iv 4 
S A 
B o w le r y 
H ru. 44 J I 
L a te s t m en s s ta n d in g s 
D is tric t t i — 
A u s tin fi-jui»o i. 5 6 }9 
Sr lo in B o w s . 5 
4 .’ 
^ a sp urts P a la c e , 53 4), j A G o nad S a n P e d ro , i i 4 4 . 
N ew B ra u n fe ls D a le s B u * e r .. si : , 
S A A s tro ll. 
9 
55 
D is t r ic t 16 — N S , D a le s, 67 /9; S e g u in 
• m ie n h u t. 4x4/ 
A u s tin C e n tra l. 4o 1 7 . L u lin g b.sb 
>61 
S A im no* *. j5 t i . S A A s tre , . 4 6/ 
NOT IN VOL V L O 
Nut a i the local p fQ O riefo r* c k in v o lv e d rn the rt saute w th the S A B A s e c re ta ry an d A B C 
Som e aco in e think that ab th e p ro p rie to ry in to w n a r c agam %* m e c 'x s e c re ta ry and A B C . sa-a C a n o n 
Com ps J* pr ap r I, tor ut Sun F 'tp to L a n e s 
That * 

1 
* so T here s only a tew in d i*P t It 
T he m u io n ty Of the t 'O O 'K *or% a re n I in vo lve d the the situ atio n 
I 
► r’Ow tnt fir* ! a rg u m e n t w d l be that W e h a v e n t had a n y h iy n scores, b ut if yo u c h e c k th ro u g h th e re co rd s , w e h a v e h ad the s a m e a v c- ra y, s at our house to* w e n - 
I lost w a n t Int* pub lic to kn ow tnaf not ail of us o re dow n on R e d * H o lla n d ) a r a b c 

SW TJBA M E E T a i Goliad te a m s 
O a s $ a .. G o n ad S h a rp s h o o te rs . |o46; ah sto* S trik in g l i v e , 2911. 
R a n d o lp h T u rk e y s . 
,'658 
C la s s B — f ■ roc io u , B o w le rs . 31/6. 
R a n ­ dolph R u n n e rs, 3oo6, T ra c y S R u d t r s , 
VXZ C la s s 
C — H e rm a h h Sons O ne. 3o? I 
B ro o k s F ly # , l i t J; 
Ran d o lp h F ooiuus. 2883, C la s s D — B ro o k s T h re e , 
/ t i l 
Sup et 
S tr ik e r s , 2919. 
S o u th s id e K n ig h ts , 
289/ 
C to ss t 
— 
R a n d o lp h b illp o s t e r s , 
/avg , 
B o w ie *o m o P in d u s te rs . 289J. 
S o u th s id e B ro o k s 
O ne. 7882. 
Singlet: 
B o y s — C lo s* A — G o r y Ahrens, 699. 
F re d Seroid, 69o b au m e Aionzo, 67S. C la ss B — 
D a v id D i H u rt, z ig , j a c k H o r n s , 611; 
R a n d y 
G r a c e , bib. C la s s C 
— S ie v e W a g g o n e r , 686; 
B o o b y Aionzo, 663; Jo h n C a v a n a u g h , 637 
C la s s D 
— Steve B a ttre a ll. 7oo; E d d ie G a r c ia , bio. R o b e rt 
B ro ck , 661 
C lass £ — B e n B a lO e ra m a . bi t i B n p n 
Pot), 61o, O s c a r Cab ottere, 616. G ir ls — C la s s A ~ 
L l vu M o on ey, 624. 
Ju h e Hobo, 618. S a lly B e c k with, $97, C lass B — T r a c y F e r g e r s o n , 628, 
L u 
Rodriguez, bib. Ju d y M o sw b m an , 622, Clo-,* C — 
J a An na Pin k sto n , 739; A nnette P a t e s , 637. D-ane 
T rav is, 628 C lo ts D — L is a G o n zale s. 66$. S ta c y 
Scott, 6/8 
J* ante KIO use 621 Ctoss fc — C h ris tin e 
P o ll, 64/, 
C o lle e n M c R e v n o td s , 614, 
J e n n i f e r 
C a rte r, 6)o 
D oub let 
C la ss A — W a y n e B y r a m • W a ite r 
Sm ith !jo7. Se r uid ■ C h ris T Om er tin, IZvs. H a rr* * - r. unev, l?97 C lo s* B — T o m m y B rid g e s * M a r k 
W o rkm an , 1231, B a r b a r a O rg y - Ju liu s H a rd e e , 
1231; R o n ert n e e xcha 
D eHart- 1228 
C la s s C 
- 
C ind y G o n zale s 
T a m m y O ld h a m , 1252, 
E n o c h 
E Ilion d am es A n d erson , IJ47, D o v e P a te 
G r e g 
P a te , 1217. C la ss D -- I im athy C a m p b e ll - W illia m 
B ro ck , 1 2 3 4 , C a rn e E m s • R a n d y Pettch ett, i? / t 
D cWuvnt* H art . Caballero, t i l l Class £ — L u m a fm ifh 
M c R e yn o ld s, 1/57. o P o d - C 
P o ll, t/4 7 
B a id tr a m o B e e t y Q w m tam iia. i/o4 
A ll B v e n t* 
B o y s — C lass A f Se ro id . 19$®; R 
A to n ia 
184); G 
P a le , 
1*39 
C la s t B * H o r n s 
1*63. B o b b y S to n ie r 
19/9, Tam er an , 1175. C la s s C 
— 
Ben 
M andeM , 
1927, 
B 
Aionzo, 
19o1, 
Je s s e 
VtH o rreo l. 
>5/6 
Class O - E d d ie G a r c ia 
IM A 
Doug u f y , 
I86o 
Du ag R o b ertso n . 174/ 
C la s s E 
— B a ld e r a m a , i®2o; V in c e n t D a v is , 17*$, 
E n c 
D a n s . >7/5 
G irls 
C la ss A — B o b a . ieee. 
B e ck w ith, 
1 781 
C la s s H — F e rg e rs o n , 19*3; M usset- m an, 1778 
G * a y , 1712 C lo s t C — O ld h a m , 1932, 
D iane T ravis, 1/64, C 
G o n zu if/ 
I / S i 
C la s s D - 
Cm dy A ppleby 
1794 
1. sm ith, I7 J2 
P a t D e B e r r y , 
17/v 
C la s s E — M c R e y n o ld s . 
185$, Je a n n e t t e 
W nsan. 1647 
M arle tte G o nzalez, >646 

I 
I 

Snake sub stars 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
LO N G V IEW 
- 
Brian 
Schroeder, subbing for Mike 
Cunningham who missed the game with the flu, pumped in 17 points in a starting role Satur­ day night to lead the 
St. M ary’s Rattlers to an easy 71-4o romp over Le Tourneau. 

The victory was the ninth in a row for the 
Rattlers, who ran their record to 19-5 on the season. 

Schroeder hit six of eight field goal tries and 
[laced a balanced attack, where two other reserves were the only Rattlers in double figures. Youral 
Means had ll and James 
Gray. 

The Rattler regulars played sparingly. Bobby. 
Reid and Roy Leggett had only four points each. 

St. Mary's built a 34-15 halftime lead and was never threatened. The 
Rattlers hit 3o of 58 field goal tries. Le Tourneau converted 15 of 43. 

The 
Rattlers held high-scoring 
Bonnie 
White to just 12 points, thanks to the defensive work of Leon Walls and 
Darrell Brogden. 

St. Mary's will play 
East Texas Baptist at 
7 3o p.m. 
Monday in 
Marshall in a key Big 
State Conference game. 

Jay girls win it 

TCU’s Kevin Crow e tries to dodge U H ’s M ark Tram m er 

AP WIREPHOTO 
Cougars ax 
T C H , 114-74 

Beld 
Legged 
Gooding 
Wolfs 
Pawzun 
Schroeder 
Means 
O ro/ 
Brogdon 
WhitneH 
Jflklich 
Totals 

ST M A R Y S (E l) 

 tg ft a 

o 

 to 

o o 
4 
OO 
4 
OO 6 ll 9 
OO 
o 
6 
5 6 1 7 
4 4 4 It 
5 
OO IO 
2 
o o 
4 
o o o o 
2 
2-3 
6 

3o 11-14 71 

Le T O U R N E A U (4o) fg ft a 

Larson 
Rodabaugh 
Wh'te 
Bastion 
Eiic 
Beachani 
Noel 
C ly * 
Totals 

St. M a r y s 
34 
Le Tourneau 
IS 
Pouted out Noel 
Attendance: 3oo 

 to 
OOO 
2 
6 8 IO 
6 
OO 12 
o o o o 
6 
3- S I S 
o o o o 
1 o o 
2 
o 12 I 

IS 1o-tS 4o 

HOUSTON (A P) - Otis Bird­ song pumped in 41 points Satur­ day night to lead Houston to an easy 114-74 Southwest Confer­ ence Basketball victory over 
Texas Christian. 

Birdsong’s 41 points in 33 minutes of playing time gave him 751 points for the year, a conference record, break­ ing the old mark of 737 scored by Gene 
Phillips of Southern Methodist in 1971. 
Houston led all the way as the 
Cougars hiked their season mark to 
2o-6 and their conference record to 
1o-3. 
, 
Daryl Braden led TCC with 22 points as the Horned Frogs remained winless in conference play with a o-14 mark. 

They are 3-19 for the season. 
The Cougars, who now have scored 
IOO or more points in 13 games this* season, led 24-5 early in the contest and took a 59-3o halftime edge. 
Charles Thompson’s two free throws with 12:23 left in the game gave Hous­ ton a 4o-point margin, 85-45, and the 
Cougars maintained a 4o-point or bet­ ter lead the rest of the game.Thomp-’ son had 2o points for Houston while 
Cornelius McFadgon added 12 for 
TCL1. 

TOU (/4): Wvsong 1 o o 2, Bovtk 3 3 3 8. M tFod gon 
6o 3 12. Morion I 3 5 5 Braden ll O O 22. Hollte o 2 2 2. 
McDowell o 12 I. Gossett o o I o, Crew e o o o o. Hoyt 
4 2-1 IO. Hill 1o 12. Ashley 4 2 2 IO Totals 31 12 22 

HOUSTON (114): Rose 3 41 IO. Birdsong 18 6 7 41. 
Trommel I 2-3 4, Schultz S O I IO, Thomoson 6 8 8 2o, 
Ciolli I o o 2. Gibson 1 o o 2. Winder 2 1-2 5, P e rry I O O 
2. W alker o o-1 o, Pears 3 o 2 6, Roper o o o o. Kelly 4 
2 2 IO, W illiam s I o 2 2. Totals 46 22 35. 
Halftim e—Houston 59, TOU 3o. Total fouls— TCU 
28. 
H ou ston 
22 
F o u le d o u t— 
B o u ts 
Technicals—Schultz A —3.421 

T r in it y g e ts net e n tra n ts 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
SALISBURY, Md. - 
Sandy 
Stap, 
Carrie 
Fleming, and Erick Is- kersky will be par­ ticipating in the ISTA 
National Amateur Indoor tennis tournament, start­ ing Sunday. 

Tile amateur indoor. which ends next Sunday, features most of the top women players in the nation, including Bar­ bara Hallqutst of South­ ern California; Barbara 
Jordan of Stanford, and 
Sherrv Acker of Florida. 

R in g cham p 
T R O scores 

SAN JU A N , P R. (A P ) - 
Esteban De .Jesus of Puerto Rico retained his World Boxing 
Council lightweight champion­ ship crown Saturday by stopping 
Buzzaw Yamabe in the sixth round. 
The end came at 2:o6 of the sixth round when referee Tony Perez signaled the end after the Japanese challenger went down for the second time. 

Save money. 

Now thru mid-March, Nautilus 
Athletic Center is having a Pre- 
[ Grand Opening Sale. Nautilus membership prices are at a great savings N O W . Stop by jot 2334 Jackson Keller Rd. land check out the Nautilus 

NAUTILUS 
ATHLETIC 
CENTER 

 machines, the sauna, and health food store. 
See why more San Antonians ore turn­ ing to 
Nautilus for cardio vascular fitness, strength, and flexibility. For more information coll 349*568o, ext. 4o. 

2334 Jackson Keller 
(Just outside Loop 41o) 
Mon.-fri. 8:3o a.m. to 8:3o p.m. 

Sat. IO a.m.-2 p.m. 
349*568o 
EXT. 4o 

A vicious right cross to the chin sent 
Yamabe to the canvas early in the round for the count of eight. Seconds later. De Jesus connected with another right cross to the chin and Yatnabe went down once more. 

The referee started a second count­ down. but when he noticed the chal­ lenger’s poor condition he declared De 
Jesus the winner by technical knockout. 
The Puerto Rican champion domin­ ated the match from Regluing to end. 
Trinity gains finals 

SPECIAL TO THI EXPRESS NEWS 
MADISON. VV ls. 
- 
Trinity advanced the fin­ als in the men’s Intercol­ legiate Team Tennis tournament Saturday at the 
University of 
Wisconsin. 
The Tigers, sparked by 
Erick Iskersky, Ben 
McKown. and Dave Ben­ son, downed Stanford, 
6-3, in the semifinals. 
Trinity will play in the finals at I p m. Sunday. 
The results: 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February I 3 I 977 
H 

Trinity rallies to win 

 in d ivid u a ls; 
M att M itch e ll, 
Stanford, ae* Ben M cKown, A 2. 
3 6, 6 4, Tony Giam m givo. TU. del 
P e rry Wright 6-4, 2 6, 6 3; 
Lo rry Gottfried, TU. de* 
John 
Rost. 6 2. 6 3, b rick Iskersk y, 
TU. de* Peter Rennert, t-6, 6-3, 
7-6, Jim m y Hodges, Stanford . de* 
Eddie Reese. 4-6. 7 6, 6 1; 
Dove Benson, T U , de* 
L lo yd 
Bourne, 3-6. 7 6. 6 1, M itchell • 
W right de* 
G io m m alvo 
G ott­ fried. 6 7, 6 2, 6 4, M c K o a n . 
Iskersky de* 
Renner* • Bourne, 
6 4. 6 3, Benson . R eese de*. 
Hodges - Pos*, 7-6. 2 6, 6 J 

Team scores 
Consolation — 
SM U I, H ouston I ; T e x a s S, 
Alabam a 4 Winner s brocket — 
Trinity 6, Stanford 3. Georgia vs. 
Southern California (late m atch) 
Dibbs in 

MIAMI 
(A P) 
- 
Second-seeded 
Eddie 
Dibbs of Miami rallied from a 4-o deficit in the first set to edge third- seeded Harold Solomon of Fort lauderdale, Fla., 
7*5. 6-2 Saturday in semifinal* adion in the 
15o.out) Miami Grand 
Prix Tennis Classic. 

Bv JOHN HINES 
O f the EXPRESS news STAFF 

The Ja y girls did not sit out this dance and as a result brought the school its first district basketball cham­ pionship with a 49-2o romp over Edgewood 
Saturday night at 
Taylor Gym. 

Jay completely domin­ ated the 
District 
3o-AA AA playoff, scoring the game’s first eight points and leading com­ fortably at the end of each quarter. 14-4. 21-6, and 35-16. 
The main reason was because the Mustangs forced the action instead of sitting back and watching 
Edgewood, whose stall game ended a 
16-game Jay winning streak, 15-14. just nine days previously. 
“ We were ready for it this time,” said Jay 
Coach Deanna Richard­ son. “ We were prepared with a special defense which we never had to use,” because Edgewood came out playing and never had the opportun­ ity to use the control game with a lead because it was always trailing, mostly by a big margin 
Now 27-2, Jay meets the Judson Rockets in the bidistrict round at 7:3o p.m. Monday at Blossom 
Athletic Center. Jay will be home team. Prices are 
75 cents and $1.5o. 
Title 
The district title is the second in Richardson’s career, for she guided 
Comfort to the District 
29-A crown in 1973. 
She said the Mustangs’ defense deserved the credit for the most part. 
"We forced bad passes, double-teamed them and closed up the key so it was not possible for them to drive in.” 
Asked if it surprised her that Edgewood did not stall this time, she replied. “ No, because there’s no way you can stall all the way to the state championship. 
“ Their stall last time was devastating. They never came anywhere near the basket and it was obvious. 
Hoggish 
“ We just kept the ball the majority of the time. 
“ The thing that proba­ bly decided the outcome, though, was the positive attitude my team had about their ability to play. 
Forwards 
Eleanor 
Bilotta, Veronica Aguilar and Angela Carrington 
(all seniors now ) and the all-junior guard starting trio of Yvette Douglas, 
Beverly Brock and Cas­ sandra Rice have all been playing three years and have steadily improved, posting a 2o-7 record a year ago. 
“ Jay is a well-disci­ plined ballclub," admit­ ted Mrs. Carolyn Taylor of Edgewood. 
“ We thought we could beat them playing straight-up. My girls are young (no seniors on the team) and have come a long way. They have done real well. Look for us next year." 
Third 
The win was Ja y ’s third over Edgewood in four games, the first two coming by margins of 38 and 37 points. The Mus­ tangs came lo play again for this one, led by the hustling Bilotta with 2o points. 

JA Y (4*1 — 
Eloonor BUOHO 
2o, Angola C a rrin g to n '6. V e ­ ronica A gu ilar IO. Biedigor 2, 
M endoza I. D o u g las. B ro c k , 
R ic a . B irm m g h o m , T h o m a s, 
Riva*. Skinner, Pointer 

E D G E W O O D (2o) — 
S y lvia 
Smith IO. Reed 8, Finley 2. M ar*, 
Joyner, R Room son B Brew , C 
Brew, Jo h n s o n . Ram irez 
Halftime: Ja y 21. Edgewood 6 

 special to the e x c e s s n e w s 
D A LLA S — D ar­ rell W illiam s en­ joyed his best col­ legiate effort as 
Trinity rallied to beat Dallas Baptist, 
81-78. Saturday night at Dallas Baptist. 
The former Highlands star scored 24 points, 2o in the second half, and scored tin' game’s last four points as Trinity won its fifth game in 2o outings. 
Trailing 78-77, Danny 

Murphy stole a pass and passed ti* Williams, who scored on an eight-footer with IS seconds left to give the Tigers a 79-78 lead. 
Williams later dropped in two free throws with one second remaining for insurance measures. 
Danny Ivey scored 21 points and .Jeff Spillane had IO fur the Tigers, who trailed 
41-34 at halftime. 
Chris Byler had 17 points, Carlos Blackwood and Clayton Coliz each had 13. and Dwight High 

 tallied 12 for Dallas Bap­ tist, which dropped to 
7-25 on the season. 

The Tigers jumped on to an 11-4 lead with 13:37 remaining in the first half. Dallas Baptist, however, outscored Trin­ ity, 9-2, to tie the score at 
13-13 with 1o:32 showing. 
Dallas Baptist broke a 
24-24 tie and raced to its biggest lead at 41-32 with seconds remaining in the first half. 

T R IN IT Y (81) 

 fg 
**o to 

IVOV 
8 
5 6 71 

Murphy 
Johnson 
Morquoz 
OWillitjms 
Kilgore 
M ar Leo v 
Rerko 
Huvnes 
Totals 

2 
o o 
4 
o o o o 
2 o o 
4 
9 
6 8 24 
3 
OO 
6 
o o o o 
2 
o 1 4 
I OO 2 
32 17 22 SI 

D A L L A S B A P T IS T 
71) 

(a tea 

Menosco 
Benne** 
Blackwood 
High 
Coli* 
Wy rick 
Hardy 
W alker 
Bvler 
Totals 
Trinity 
Baptist 

 lo 
OO 2 
4 
1 1 9 
4 
5 6 I I 
4 
4 4 12 
5 
3 4 13 
o OO o 
3 
2 2 
8 
2 
OO 
4 
7 
,14 17 

3o U 21 78 

47 
-- 
81 
37 
— 
78 

Laredo wins it 
LAREDO — Laredo 
Junior College collected their first conference victory as they slipped past St. Philip’s 65-83 
Saturday night. 
St. Philip’s owned the lead with 2o seconds remaining in the game, but an untimely turnover gave Laredo the break it needed St. Philip’s is now 8-14 for the year while Laredo is $-22. 
LANC DO JU N IO R C O LLEG E 
(6*1 
— 
Bt ion 
O a t overly 
16. 
Juan Reyno 14. Rusty {feater ll. 
W illiam s 7. D river S, Kram er 4. 
Rarrurei 4. Cavosos 4 
ST 
P H IL IP * (61) - 
B illy 
Johnson 21 
R y a n M< Y e a 16, 
WOtord 6. Mc Cosk ill 6. Young 4, 
G a rd e n 
4. 
M o ra le s 
2. 
C unningham I 
Robinson I 

Halftime; 
Si 
Primp » l l , La redo Junior College 24 

Totol fools: Trinity 22, D allas 

Sophs* 17. 
Fouled out; Splllane 
Technical fouls: High, Team 
Attendance: 2oo (est I 

Tires and more... car care 

 ymm 
Priced to Sell 

U n i r o 
Y a l T i g e r 
P a w 
WHITEWALL 

Bias ply-Polyester cord 

A 78 13 
Whitewall tubeless, plus S I 72 r E T ., and tire oft your car 

S i 
SI 
XI 

H it 
I M,T, 
I 
A78-13 
C78-14 
E78-14 

_ i 2&ZZL. 

% 2 
_ 
$27.77 

■ 81x72.. 
12,QI 
$2,23 
F78-14 
$3o.77 
$2,37 

_SH L13_ 
H78-15 

H I .77.. 
$32,77 
$34.77 _ 

A LS T 
.$ 2,$? iU 9 . 
178-15 
$36.77 
_A3 r n 

Whtti*w.-ill tubeless d u o •snitch plus tire oft yam < «u 

IS 
W\ 

W UVV 
HHMlllMi 

UNIROYAL TIGER PAW 
Belted 

Two Fiberglass Belts. 
Plus two Polyester cord plies. 
Whitewall. 77 

A 78 13 Whitewoil tubeless, plus $1 73 F I T and tire oft your cor, 

AV 

QIU* r n rn 

.77 
o 7 7 
J 7 

I m i l 
I 
VS Ii 
M J I i78 I $ 

—I lLZII 
_ j im . 

L L L 

UNIROYAL TIGER PAW 
Radial 

Double Steel/Glass construction. 
Whitewall. 
WI 
77 

 r n 

BR/8 13 Whitewall tubeless, pius $2 o6 F C T , and tire off your car. 

HR/ 
1*78-111 

 az : 

I 

84JL27 

Whitewall tube lee* once* each, plus fire off your cat 
Whitewall tube lei 

Prices Shown Available at Ray Homann-Williams Tira. Sat Your Independent Daalar far his prica. # 

*'«n.h pie* tire oft your car 

WEST 

G o n z a le s 
Tire A M uffler 
2623 Cobbra Road 
PH. 432.9511 

LEON VALLEY 

Brad ford 11 Texaco 

6832 Rondara Rd. 

694*4539 

SEGUIN 

Sagebtel’ s 

Court i f Travis 

PH.659.5351 

A LA M O HEIGHTS 

W heeler 
> Service 
I Broadway 

BR O AD W AY 

Nereid Kelfer 
Tire 
9719 Broadway 
PH. 929.5747 

D O W N TO W N 

Kelfer 
Tire Com pany 
234 So. Floras 
PH. 226.4111 

D O W N TO W N 

K elfer’• Atam e 
'■ Aam** 
,< * 4 
.. 
IV W v#nfw T 
6o1 No. Alamo 
PH. 225.3291 

NORTH SIDE 

MexxefH 
FrVf 
® 

NORTHEAST 

Ray Ho m a nn— 
W illiam s Tira 
171o Austin Hwy. at Eisanltaoor 
PH. 924.2413 

SOUTHW EST 

International 
AaBaM a 
16o2 S.W. Military Dr. 
PH. 924.7321 

NORTHWEST 

Arts Atlas 

335o Frodorlcktburg Rd. 

PH. 736-4516 

SOUTHEAST 

Pi 

Phi 
MV 
Atli 
NY 

SI 
Chi 
Coli 
Min 
Vor 

Moi 
Pill 
Los wa 
Del 
Bo? 
Bul 
TOI 
Cle 

C 
V 
F7 
ACcs 
F c7 
A 
At 

Cl­ inCl 
N 
B 

H 
ScW 
Pl 
E. 
Cc 

G 

 i kill, bobcat bolding own 

SHORTY, at about 14 months, was a very handsome bobcat 

I 
~ 
~ 
“ 
I 
T o i l e t 
•jssu. Outdoors 
*■«*■•* 

Sunday February 13 1 9 7 7 
A, s ^ 
'k 

Many gators no longer endangered 

 threatened category iii all of Florida and the coastal portions of Georgia, 
Louisiana. South Carolina and Texas, 
About 75 per cent of the U.S. alliga- tnr population inhabits these areas. 
The gator remains classed as endan­ gered in all of Mississippi. Alabama. 
Oklahoma and North Carolina, us well a> inland areas of South Carolina, 
Georgia. Louisiana and Texas. 
An earlier action in 1975 had re­ moved alligator populations in V erm i­ lion. Cameron and Calcasieu Parishes, 
Louisiana, from the endangered list. 
The new rule will allow state ann federal wildlife agency employees to capture and remove nuisance alliga­ tors. It also permits employees to kill nuisance animals if there is no place near to relocate them. 
Twenty years ago the alligator was headed toward extinction. Improved management programs have brought it back. 

SPtCIAl IO Tnt IXPKfSS NTW& 

WASHINGTON — Most of the na­ tions alligator populations have been removed from the C S. endangered species list. according to the Wildlife 
Management Institute. 
The alligator was removed from the endangered category and placed iii the 

 and w ere given the run of the '/.err household. It didn t take them long to shred the living room furniture with their claws, and visitors to the '/err home often were som ew hat startled whenever a half-grown bobcat leaped upon their shoulders and began p u r­ ring like a Garwood motorboat. 
Picky 
T he k itte n s w ere finicky e a te rs . 
They wanted their rabbits skinned and chilled and th e ir doves picked and w ashed. 
The cats were not confined. They had the run of the country, and it w asn’t long before they prowled most of the night, often not retu rn in g until just before dawn. 
The female. Tiger, disappeared dur­ ing the w in te r of 1974. T h e m a le. 
Shorty, stayed longer. Ile disappeared around the m iddle of Novem ber the same year. 

 bobcat is the only spotted fur that le­ gally can be taken, sold or brought into the United States . 
Most of the furs taken iii this country apparently are being shipped to the 
Orient and Europe, especially Europe. where they are used to trim clothing. 
Fur out 
“ I heard the other da> that some of it is being used on Women s panties and bras.” Boone said. “ But I don’t know how true that is.” 
T h a t’s g e ttin g p retty fur out (or under), even for the fashion world. 
It is easy to see why someone might become concerned with the future of the bo b cat. One doesn t .inst w alk through the woods and sec one any day of the week. 
The cat is wary and secretive. Most people have never seen a wild one alive. Most people who do see one get only a fleeting glimpse. Unless you do a let of looking, even tracks aren ’t easy to locate. 
Photo 
A few years ago I had an opportunity to photograph a couple of young bob­ cats as they grew up iii a sem idom es­ ticated state. 
Tony / e r r of H ondo w atc h ed a female heavy with young going to and from an isolated hay barn in southern 
Medina County, and he guessed cor­ rectly she would have her kittens in it 
When she did, he took two, a male and a female and raised them 
The kitten!? were liorn in May of 1973. 

Mass cross p ro d u ces cross bass 

Sh orty le a rn e d to g o to the toile t all b y h im se lf 

T i m e s 

& t i d e s 

SPtCIAl TO THI UPRtSS Ntws 

INGRAM — Parks and Wild­ life Department biologists at the 
Heart of the Hills Research Sta­ tion are beginning work on a hybrid bass which is a combin­ ation of Florida largemouth and 
Tennessee smallmouth. 
First work with the hybrid was done iii Illinois. The cross was aggressive to the point of being v tennis. 
Biologist John Prentice at Heart of the Hills said work will begin in March to obtain some fish from largemouth and smallmouth parents. 
"W e need to answ er several ques­ tions about such a hybrid,** said Pren­ tice. “ Is the fish self-producing? At this point. I doubt it. wh u h means it would have to bt* produced in labora­ tories, 
“ Are future generations of the liy- brid self-producing? What are growth rates? Does its aggressiveness make it susceptible to overharvest? And do fu­ ture generations of the hybrid revert to characterist ii s »*f either parent? 
Careful 
Ponds at the San Marcos Fish Hat­ chery have been sot aside for pairing of the Florida and Tennessee parent fish' to sot* if the fish will mate without the time and expense of crossing the two strains in laboratories. 
It and when offspring arc obtained, 
Prentice has two private ixmds iii Kerr 
County under contract to the Parks and 
Wildlife Department iii which to stock the fish. 
"W e plan to be very careful in our approach to this hybrid, said P ren ­ tice. "not because the fish is so vicious but because it could genetically conta­ minate existing stocks of small mouths in state waters. 

T ID E S 
Port Aroma* 
1977 fish production 
24 million 

Shorty learned to do something only a very few dom estic cats have m a s ­ tered: Go to the bathroom in the com­ mode. Ile learned it all by himself; no one taught him. 
In fact, Nitu, Z crr’s wife, jumped on other m em bers of the family several times, accusing them of not flushing the john, before she discovered that 
Shorty was the culprit. 
The accom panying photo of Shbrty taking Ins morning toilet was snapped 
Itv /e r r s teenage daughter. Teresa. 
But as intelligent as Shorty was. he a * c; F am e d to flush.____________ __ 

SHOAL to TMI [ m i s s N tw s 
\l ST1N — Texas fish hatcheries will In* busy this spring, producing or procuring more than 24 million fish lo stock iii public and private waters. 
All totaled, some 21.7 million fish will In* stocked in public stream s. lakes and waterways around tile state. 
Another 2.5 million will be set aside for private waters. 
'Hus year's fish production season. set to begin in March, will include production of 1.5 million striped bass, 
59o,99o hybrid striped bass, four mil­ lion Florida bass. 794).(Mil) smallmouth bass, HJT.999 blue catfish , 228.999 channel catfish. 31,ooo flathead catfish, 
128.(MNI sunfish and 14 million walleye to be se c u re d from o u t-o f-sta te sources. 
All fish. with the exception of wal­ low*. will be fingerling si/e when stocked. The walleye will be stocked into Texas stream s and reservoirs as try . 
Fish for stocking private w aters include one million native largemouth bass. one million channel catfish and 
495.oo9 hybrid sunfish. 
Hatcheries slated to in* used to pro­ duce the fish include Sun Angelo numbers one and two, Dundee, Pos­ sum K ingdom . 
E ag le Mount a i n, 
U*wisville, Tyler, Jasper, Huntsville, 
San Marcos, Olmito and Fort Worth. 

S U N R IS E S U N SE T 

M O O N R ISE M O O N SET 

M O O N P H A S E S 
New moon Feo 18 
F irst quorter 
Feb. 26 
Full moon M ar S lost quarter Mor. \2 

SERVICE WHILE YOU WAIT! 

NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY 
TRANSMISSIONS 

I 
FREE BRAKE CHECK 
I » 
N O O B L IG A T IO N 
< I 
1 o % OEF REPAIRS IF NEEDED 
( [ Gillespie Fold will poll wheel, check brake linings, 
I | wheel cylinder, brake hoses and drums and give 
J I you a (air repair estimate. (Most vehicles) 
J L liprMj.J*.rj 
(I) 
- 

Sr 
GILLESPIE FORD 
’ 
OIL & FILTER SPECIAL 

< | 
Includes up to 5 Guts. of oil, £ RNST Q Q 
* I 
Motor cr ah oil filter and in- j ) rn 
J f 
I I stoltation m 
/ J k i>prM M I TT 
* 
!*» 

* ‘ i i u r t n n n r \ 

A U PARTS A N D LABOR GUARANTEED 

M a jo r Credit C a rd * A c c a p tv d 

U TU CT INSPECT TOVA TRANSMISSION 

A N O O 
I * Y O U A 

4 U 
I A M 
3 L 5 F A I R o n d H O H t S T 
E S T L A A / K T E 

R E S E A L S P E C I A L . ^ * 5 

I 
• FRONT SEAL*KIA* seJLV • ADJUST RAMO* 
V S E T LIMKAOf -* U » L * £ PAN GASKET* 
CIMAH t UTX? RAAF 
*NU>NT 

SUPERIOR LIFETIME 
GUARANTEE MUFFLER 
Special good far most 
IS HERE FOR 
American cars and light 
£ aw mm q a trucks. Labor charge de- 
} I 
RT Y r pends on existing system 
I 
COUPE DE VILLE 
S T O C K -# 1oo5 
36 MO.-CLOSED ENO 
7361546 
GILLESPIE FORD 
23oo B R O A D W A Y 

Wildcats shade 
Auburn 

LEX IN G T O N , 
Ky. 

AP) — .lack Givens 

 pumped in 24 points, most of them in the first half Saturday night, to send No. 3-ranked Ken- ucky to an 
89-82 
Southeastern Conference basketball victory over 
Auburn. 

Givens had 16 of his 

 points before intermis­ sion when the Wildcats built leads as large as 15 points, but it remained for Larry Johnson to hold off the stubborn Tigers after halftime. 
Johnson scored 16 of 

 his 18 points in the se­ row! period, two of his baskets putting Kentucky on top by 17 and his final two free throws coming with 27 seconds left. 
Mike Mitchell led Au­ burn with 21 points, while 
Myles Patrick added 18 and Eddie Johnson 16. 
Hick Robey had 16 for 

Kentucky and Mike Phil­ lips 13. 

T o u r n e y e n t r a n t 

SOCIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEW S 
B R O W N S V IL LE 
- 

Blessed 
Sacrament 

 qualified for the TC IL. state tournament by blasting Brownsville St. 
Joseph. 6o-23, in a Glass 
AA girls' bidistrict game 
Saturday. 

S A C R AM EN T 
(6o) 
— 
Eileen 
E dm onds 24, C indv R om os IO. x o c h ifl G o rd a 13, G onzales 8, 
S o le r 3, A rc ln e g a 2, G o e rtz , balcon, M. Rom os, Sanchez, A. 
G arcia, Cruz. 
BR O W N SV ILLE ST. JO E (23) 
— L e fty G o iz o le s 12, Ibanez 9, 
Demsev 2. Deleon, S. Gonzales, 
Mata. H arw ood, Q uintana 
H a lftim e : 
Blessed S acram ent 
25, B ro w n sville St. Joseph s 13. 
H ig h lig h t s : 
B le s s e d 
S a c ra m e n t e a rn s th e r ig h t to m eet S h in e r St. P a u l in th e sem ifinals of the T C IL State AA 
G irls m eet F rid a y at the Arend. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February 13 1 9 7 7 
H 

Cage pairings 

Pairings have been set for the Class AAAA Region IV Boys' Basketball 

Tournament in San Antonio March 3. 
Pour surviving bidistrict winners earlier that week advance to the meet, which 

 will be ut Blossom Athletic Center unless a North East team advances. 
In the semifinals, the Districts 29-31) winner meets the 31-32 winner in an 

 all-San Antonio area battle, thus assuring the Alamo City of a team in the finals. 
That game tips off ut IO a.rn. 
At noon, it's the 25-26 (Victoria-Austin) winner vs. the 27-28 Corpus Christi-Rio 

Grande Valley) winner. 
The finals are set for 8 p.m. 
If a North East team is in regional, then it will play at IO a.m. ut Alamo 

,Stadium Gym and the other game will be at IO a m. at BAC. A North East team iii the finals would play at Alamo again. 

P ayoffs 
T u e s d a y 
Thud 

CO LLEGE PARK. Md. (A P) — Freshman Jo Jo 

Hunter scored a career-high 24 points us Maryland upset 15th-ranked Clemson 84-78 Saturday, while converting si\ consecutive oneand-one q*ec throw situations in the closing minutes. 
The loss came in a regionally televised Atlantic 

( nst ( (inference game and ended a seven-game v inning streak for Clemson which had thrashed 

L\Iar\l od 93-71 at home last month. 
The Turps. now 16-6 including 5-4 in the ACC!, led 

 by as much as 14 points in the first half and then had 

12-point advantage trimmed to 7o-64 with 4:5o 

 remaining. 
Brad Davis made Maryland's only field goal while 

 playing ball control the rest of the way. and also added six points while converting half of his team's bonus foul shot chances. 
Grog ( oles scored 18 for Clemson, which is now 

18-4 w ith a 6-3 ACC mark. Colin Abraham scored 16 
Igjt Wayne “ Tree-’’ Rollins, who had 22 points and 23 rebounds last time, was held to IO. 
W arriors win 

M ILW A U K EE (A P) — Bo Ellis poured in 18 of his 

22'points in the second half and Butch Lee added 2o. leading ninth-ranked Marquette over stubborn 
Manhattan 86-6o in college basketball Saturday. 
Reserves Gary Rosenberger and d ic e Payn 

 combined to sink their first nine field goal attempts for Marquette, 16-3 with ll victories in its last 12 games. 

DITTMAR LUMBER 

 s#o o n « 
SEGUIN 
MoM.-SAT. 
ROAD 
7:3o-5 

THC MO NCT SA VCR 
WHttf CASH BUYS AT WHOUSAli taOo Mm teeeetah 6m. un oft ASMI. M n 
Urns 8m4 ta 6mm* »*■ Un rt«ki lo U«M* 
14 Mm* M I I* ••• 

 lb 

STOCK SHOW 
BARGAINS s 
AR BED WIRE 
(O O O AS A N Y 

I 5 * * 
SPOOL 

R U I GOOD ROUGH YELLOW PINI 
BIG LUMBER BARGAIN 

1 X 6 - . 9 '/ i l f 

2 X 6 - .1 9 < / i l f 
2 X S - . 2 6 l f . 

 l& iM U M f STtOMG M X N I 

C O R R U G A T E D I R O N 
I AT THI LOWEST I 
U R IC ! A N T W H I R I 
KN GTHS TO M H U 

 s 2 
4 n 
5o 

FA R M O A T IS 

5 2 " STEIL PANEL 

GOOD 
USKO 
RAILROAD 
TIES 

» 4 ’ ,V 

The two 
District 
13-,AAA boys’ playoff games w ill both be 

 played on neutral ground 
Tuesday night. 
The East Zone playoff 

 will match Southside and 
Gonzales Both 2*2-9) at 
7:3o p.m. at Southwest 
Texas State in San Mar­ cos. 
The West Zone playoff 

 will pair Kerrville Thy 
24-7) and Uvalde (24-7) at 7:3o p.m. at the South 
Sun Antonio West High 
School Gym. 
In both instances the 

 teams divided a pair of regular-season games. 
The East Zone played a single round zone 

 schedule, while the West was divided, T ivv win­ ning the first round and 
Uvalde the second. 
Southside and Uvalde 

 will In* trying to break through into the throner* nom. Tivy is shooting for a Kith straight West title, 

1 while Gonzales won the 
I East in 1974 and 1973 and 

 lost a playoff to Clemens lust year. 
Lam ar falls lo A S I 1 

JO N ESBO H O . 
Ark. 

(A P) — Dan Henderson scored 28 points and pulled down 14 rebounds to boost Arkansas State 
University to a 78*72 vic­ tory over Lamar Univer­ sity Saturday night. 
The victory improved 

 i ASU’s record to 12-9 and 
I 3-2 in Southland Confer- 
I once play. 

LAMAR 
72): NOWiCki 4 o o 1, 
Keo 8 OO 16, Taylor I o 2 14. 
Minion* 5 3 6 13, Blanford ZOO 
14, Law)* 2 l l 5. Cs o m b e r* I OO 
2. Ta io li 34 4 IO. 
A R K A NSA! S T A T ! 78: L»Ooil 
9 2 2 2o, Schmitt J O O 6, Hen­ derson ll 4 6 2e, Topiev 3 2 3 8. 
Percy ) l l 4, Wlechmqn o o 1o , 
KaS*«ton 4 68 14. To!«H* 31 16 22. 
Haltom#—Argonia* state 45, 
Lam ar 41, Total to u ii—Lom or 
18, A rkansan State I/ 
Fouled 
■oui —Keo 
Lam ar 
T e c h n ic a l - 
Keo, Lam ar and Lam ar benin 
A— 1,976 

 e 
.... 
, rn......... 
Death Notices 

111— D e a th s 

C R O C K E R 
Walter F. Crocker, a«e 24. ot 6o11 
Hillman Dr., died W ednesday. 
F e b ru a ry 9, 1*77. He was a ember of SI. T h o m ai M ore 
Catholic Church. Survivor*: Wife. 
Mr*. Larlnda Crocker, Schertz, 
Tx., parent*. Mr. and Mr*. Wolfer 
H. Crocker, Sr.; brother*. Dennis 
Crocker, Edward Crocker; sit­ ter*. Mr*. Carol Ann Borne*, all of 
San Antonio. Mr*. Rita Fairley, 
Dallas, Tx. Rosary Sunday even­ ing at 7 o'clock in the Georgian 
Chaoel of the Porter Loring Mor­ tuary. Mas* Monday at IO o'clock at St. Thom as M ora C atholic 
Church. Int* ment in Ft. Sam 
Houston M o .ion al C em fery 
Arrangement* with 

H u r t e r L o r i n g 
I tot M cC u llo u g h 22? m u 

G O N Z A L E S 
Mr*. Belen A. Gonzales of 2o1* 
Jennifer entered into rest Satur­ day February 12, 1*77 at the age o f 
65 year*. 
S u rv iv o rs : 
Daughter*, Mr*. Antonio Valero. 
M rs. 
G uad alup e 
R iv e ra , 
F ra n c is co 
G onzales, son, 
Dectderio Gonzales, sitter Mary 
Luisa Batald lro , 21 grandchil­ dren, 4 great-grandchildren Ro­ sary will be recited in the Palm 
Heights Chopel Sunday at 8 p.m. 
Funeral procession will deport 
Monday at I p.m. tor a Requiem 
Mass to be offered of St. Leon­ ard's Catholic Church at I: JO p.m. 
Interment will follow at San Fer­ nando Cemetery No. 2. Services under the direction of 

P a in t p r i n t s 

3711 So. Zarzomuiu 
*24-4561 

MAX BORDELON of Central inks with A&l as parents, Mr. and 
Mrs. Tom Bordelon, watch. — STAFF PHOTO 
ETBC stuns 
TLC 

SOCIAL TO THI EXPRESS NtWS 
M A RSH A LL - East 

Texas Baptist slipped past Texas Lutheran. 
66*65. Saturday afternoon to tighten the Big State 
Conference basketball race. 
The decision knocked 

TLC out of the unbeaten ranks and prevented the 
Bulldogs from earning a berth in the 
NAIA 

 playoffs. 
TLC is now 7-1 in 

 league play. St. Mary's is 
6-1 and East Texas Bap­ tist is 5-2. 
Two free throws by 

James Rogers with eight seconds left clinched the victory for ETBC, which led by ten at halftime, but also trailed by eight in the second half. 

TE X A S 
L U T H E R A N 
(65): 
M ik e J o n e s IO o-o 2o. S te v e 
P o rte r 7 o 1 14, D w o in Tho rne * 5 
7 7 17, G lover 4 o 2 8, S ilva 3 o o 
6. Store o o o o, Kam e o o o o. lecher o o 2 o T otal* 29 7 12 65. 
EAST TE X A S B A P T IS T (66): 
M a rvin G rah am 7 3-J 17, Jam es 
Rogers 4 6 6 14, T e rry G ibson 6 
2 2 14, R ick Sm ith 1 o o 6. Ran doloh Sm ith 2 12 5, D u lla rd 2 o o 
4. M yers 2 OO 4, L e P o ll 9 o o o 
Totals: 27 12-13 66. 
H a lftim e : 
E T B C 36, TLO 26 
Fouled Out: Graham. 
Tech prevails 

LU BBO C K (A P ) 
- 

Texas Tech's Doug House hurled a one-hitter in the first game of a season- opening doubleheader as the Red Raiders captured the first contest 8-3 and won the nightcap 12-3. 
Iii the second game. 

Tech's Ernie Helwig drove in three runs to help Skipper Mills, who went six innings, chalk up his first victory of the year, 
House allowed no 

 earned runs and struck out six batters as the 
Raiders committed nine errors in the opening 

 game. 

L o th a rio Min* 
Jose Lothario defeated 

Black Gordman in the first main event Saturday night at Municipal Audi­ torium. In the other main event 
Great 
Goliath 

 defeated Chavo Guerrero by disqualification. In other matches, 
Ivan 

Putski beat Tank Patton. 
Butcher 
Brannigan 

 defeated Tony Charles and Nick Cozak arid 
Benny Matta wrestled to a draw . 

I l l — D e a t h s 

A R I S P E 
Mr*. Aurora Arispe *JS Riva* St. born in Del Rio, Tex , March 22, 
1*o2 entored re*t Friday Feb ll, 
1*77 at the oae of 74 year*. Mr*. 
Ari*pe had been a re*ident of San 
Antonio for IO year*. Retigiou* 
*ervice* will be conducted In the 
Max Martinez Chapel Sunday 
Feb. II, at 8:oo p m. Service* will be conducted in the Max Martinez 
Chapel Monday Feb 14, at ll OO a rn. with Rev. Montez officiating. 
Concluding services will follow in 
Chapel HIH Memorial Park. Sur­ v ivo rs: 
D au gh to rs, 
R aq u el 
Camacho. Mo ria Concepcion Hot guln of San Antonio, Rebecca C. 
Beltran. Herltnda Cam acho of 
Sobinos Coati., Me*., sons, Isaac 
Camacho. Jocobo Cam acho of 
San Antonio; sisters, Hortencia 
Ortiz, Evangeiino Garza. Olivia 
Arispe. M aria Arlspe; brother, 
Manuel Arlspe, 3o grandchildren. 
17 great grandchildren. Services under the direction of 
Max Harlot** 
2o15 W . M artin 
227-42*1 

B R I G H A M 
M rs. E lfrio d a B rig h a m , n et 
Ottmors, age 73, of 162 Bethany, died Friday, Februgry ll. 1*77. 
She was a ch arter member of 
Redeem er Lu th e ra n C h u rch , having served in many office* and organization* of tho church until her death and a member of 
Louise Schuetze Lodge No. 3. 
Order of Herm ann Sons. S u r­ v iv o rs : Husband, G eorg e N , 
Brigham; stepson, Lonnie Brigh­ am ; stopgrandchildron. Denlso 
Brigham , Billy Brigham , C. J . 
Brigham, all of Las Vogas Vegas. 
Nev.; brother. Wolfer Ottmers, 
Fred ericksb urg , Tx.; sisters, 
Mrs. Alme Nemky, Son Antonio; 
Mrs. Minnie Petermann, Johnson 
City, Tx., Mrs. Annie Rats, W hi­ tefish, Mont.; numerous niece* and nephews. Service Monday at 
2:3o of R edeem er L u th e ran 
Church, the Rev. Hell Brockel- mann officiating. Pallb earers: 
Jomes Davis. O. E. Blythe, Wal lace Ottmers, David Holm, K e r­ mit! Ottmers, Charles Ottmer*. interment in St. John's Luthern 
Cemetery. Arrangements with 

H u r t e r L o r i n g 
I TOI M eCU UO UO H 227 BJ21 

111— D e a th s 

H I L L 
Mrs. Ruby A. Hill, of Box 141, 
Natalia. Tax., passed away Feb. 
IT, 1*77 in a local hospital at the age of 81 years. Survivors: Son*. 
George Hill, Houston, Tex., Mart 
Hill, Livingston, Tex., Alfred Hill, 
Broken Arrow, Okla. and Bobby 
Hill. California; daughters, Cathy 
Lane, Pleasanton, Tex , Virginia 
Richardson, Natalia. Tex., Anno 
Donaldson, Bristow, Okla., Cecil 
Com bes!, Houston, Tex,, and 
Groce White, Ace, Tex.; brothers, 
C laren ce and O live r Adam s. 
Gladewater. Tex. Mrs. Hill will Ile 
In date from 1o:oo a.m. Monday until service time at the Church of 
Christ. Natalia, Tox. Funeral ser­ vice* will be held 3:oo p.m. Mon­ day at the Church of Christ. Na­ talia. Tox. Interment will tallow in 
Evergreen Cem etary, Devine, 
Tex. Arrangements with 

 ftroaktbili 
711 S. E Military Dr. 
*23-7523 

COMPILED FROM REPORTS 
The 
Southwest 
Texas State Bobcats sewed up a berth in the Lone Star Con* 
Terence’s postseason tournament 
Satur­ day night, by slash­ ing Sam Houston, 
69-59, in Huntsville. 

Texas A&l was backed 

 against the wall in its bid to earn a tourney berth for the first time when 
East Zone leader Stephen 
F . Austin ripped the 
Javelinas in 
Nacog­ doches, 91-74. 
A&l and Sam Houston 

 meet Monday night in 
Huntsville and the Javs jail clinch a playoff spot jy winning. 
A 
Sam 

Houston victory will eq­ ually wrap up the spot or the Bearkats, alth- 

_ough not mathematically, 

L o c k 

In the West Zone, 

 toward Payne just about 

• Tut a lock on the zone ti­ le by clipping Angelo 
State, 
84-74. while 

Vbilene Christian kept its layo ff hopes alive by ripping 
East 
Texas, 

)3-7». 
East Texas also has a 

 playoff virtually assured atole the winner of next 
Thursday's 
Abilene 

Christian at Angelo State 
.;amo is the likely third tourney team. 

F r o n tz 
Steve Frontz paced 

SWT against Sam Hous­ ton by scoring 29 points jnd grabbing 
16 

 rebounds, despite play­ ing much of the second half with four fouls. 
Stephen F. /Austin’s 7*2 

Ken 
Beasley played 

 havoc with the Javclinu hopes by tossing iii 28 points, grabbing 
27 

 rebounds and blocking 17 shots. 
SWT held its biggest 

 lead of the night, 18 points, 4o-22, at halftime against the Bearkats. 
Sam Houston trimmed the lead to five with just over six minutes to go before Frontz iced it with six straight points. 

SO UTH WBS T T I KAS (*» > : 
Trim o 13 1. Jeff F rnka 7 4 4 18, 
McDOnqtd 1o o 7, Booker o OO o, 
Steve Frontz ll 7 8 2*. Hovne* I 
4 4 6. Nelson 2 o o 4 Wishom I I J 
3. Scnmitt o o o o, Bryden 3 o o 4 
Total* 
26 17 71 69 
SAM HO USTO N (5 *); 
Brqrn left o 7 4 2. David Simpson 5 o I 
IO. Ferris 7oo 4, Greenfield I OO 
J, Jim Heliums 5 4 4 14, Froectv lenient 7 oo 4. Kerfs Smitn 6 OO 
17. Black o o-1o, M ike Thompson 
5 I 7 ll. Total* 
26 7-11 59. 
Halftime: SW Y 4o. Sam Hous­ ton 77 Total Fouls SW T 18 .Sam 
23. 
F o u le d 
O u t: 
B r y d e n , 
Froechtenicht, Simpson 

TEXA S AAI (74); 
Oonny E l 
Haft 9 2 4 TO. David W illiam s 8 3 5 
I*, Anthony G a rn e r 5 3-7 13, 
Horrell 3 3-2 8. G laser I l l 3, 
K asper I OO 7. M oos I OO 7, 
, Flynn 2 3 4 7 Totals 
3o 14 24 74 

ST E P H E N F. A U STIN <*!>: 

_ 
PUCES GOOD THtU H I. 17TH 
BD DITTMAR LUMBER y S O O H O U IN ROAD 
2 1 6 -5 1 4 1 

Indians sign l l free agents 

WASHINGTON (A P) - The Washington Ked»kini» 

 announce Saturday that they had signed ll players ai the second day of their fret* agent camp. 
'There were 141 would-be Redskin* at the tryouts, 

 aceordmg lo a spokesman for the National Football 
League team. In two days of tryouts 254 players participated and a dozen were feigned. 
The Redskins also have tryout cutups scheduled 

 for March 25 and 26 iii PUocnU aud April 22 and 23 Hi 
Washigton. 

Ko J B e a t i* ' 
14 o 7 28, M ik e 
Du!ie* It l l 2J, Mourn * 17 I J, 
Braiwn 4 o I 
«. Ballard o 2 2 I. 
Pqr k* I O O I. Dawdle 2 1 1 5 , thou I 2 ' t Speight* I o I I, se 2 OO I 
U.IOH 
47 7 15 91 
H airtime 
S t A 39, AAI JS 
To 
• OI 
F o u ls 
A A I 
Ie, S F A 74. 

C A S T I L L O 
Mr. Ramon R. Castillo 537 Lovett 
St , born In San Antonio, Tex., 
April I*, 1*55 entered rest Satur­ day Feb. 12, 1*77 at tbe oae of 21 years. Mr. Castillo bad bean a lifetime resident of San Antonio. 
Rosory will be recited in the Max 
Martinez Chapel Monday Feb 14. at 7:oo p m. Requiem Muss will be ottered Tuesday Feb. IS, at 3:oo p m. tram Our Lady of Queen Of 
Haven Church in Macdona, Tex., 
Concluding services will follow in San Isidro Cemetary Mocdon- a. Tex. Su rvivo r*: W ife, M rs 
Cynthia Castillo; parants, Mr. and 
Mr*. Atvino Castillo; maternal gnindm other, M r*. Anostocla 
Ram os of 
M acd on a. 
Tax., daughter, Ida Costilla; son, Julian 
Castillo; sisters, Adela Reyes. 
Rebecca Ledesma, Miss Soma 
Costilla af San Antonio, brother. 
Ramiro Montana. Services under the direction of 

H a le m a r t in * * 
2o15 W. Martin 
237 -6 2 8 1 

CARR 
Mr. John M. Carr, age 73. 
7o4 
Sunnyland, passed away Friday, 
Feb 
T I, 1*77 Born in Houston, 
Ttxas. Mr. C a rr resided in San 
Antonio tor the past SS years. 
S u rv iv o rs : W it#, M r * . M o r v 
Fronds Carr; sister, Mrs. Linton 
H in k le ; step daug h ter. M rs. 
Davis (Thelm a) Newmon. all ot 
San Antonio; 3 nephews, I niece, 
3 granddaughter*, 6 great grand children. Services 2 OO p.m. Mon­ day. Feb 14, Southside Funeral 
Homa Chapel with rev. Norman 
Olssen officiating. Interment fol­ lows Mission Burial Park South. 
Direction ot 

 d o u t t e t b e 

63o1 S Mer** 
*32-633* 

C ERVA N TES 
Mr Ramon Cervantes 214 Pork view Dr , born in Saragasa Coati. 
Max. Ju ly 2/ 1*o1 entered rest 
Thursday Fed Id. 1*27 at lha aaa of 74 years M r. Cervantes hod been a resident af Son Antonio tar 
71 year* Rosory will be recited rn the Max Martinet Chapel Sunday 
Feb. l l . at 7:3o p m. Requiem 
Moss wilt be ottered Monday Fob 
14, at 1o oo a m from SI. Cecilia 
Catholic Church 125 W. Whittier with Rev. Charlo* Kelly SC J of hooting. Concluding sarvlcas will follow in Son Fernando Cemetery 
No. 2 S u rv iv o rs : W ifo. M r*. 
E spirant 
T. 
Cervantes. daughter, Mrs. Jim m y (O raha) 
Salazar; sons, Mr Ramon Cer­ vantes Jr.. Mr. Santos Cervantes. 
M r. Benny Cervantes. M r. RI chard Cervantes; brother. M r 
Frank Cervantes all of Aon An­ tonio 23 grandchildren, 7 drool grandchildren. Service* under the direction et 
Mux martinez tots w Marti* 
227-6261 

H 
H 

COWAN 

M R . 
H O G A N 
J . 
COWAN, 137 Lark wood. b om in 
Covington, Texas 
Sept. I I . 18*4. entered rest 
Friday. Fob ll. 1*77 at the age et 
82 years 
S E R V IC E S MONDAY. 2 PM 
ALAMO C H A PELS with Rev. Clyde Byrd officiating and informant to tallow rn Sunset 
Memorial Porn Survivors Wit# 
Mrs. Gertruda Cowan, daughter 
Miss Mary L. Cowan, CRV, sever al nieces and nephew *. M r 
Oowon was a m em ber et the 
Methodist Church and has been a resident el San Antonie tor the post 17 year*, services under the direction of a m em ber el The 
Leton Cud# Family. 

HERNANDEZ 
Mr*. Simong A Hernandez 1)4 
Kame St., bern in Atascosa. Toe., 
April 19,1*o5 entered rest Thurs­ day Fab. ta, 1*77 at the aa* et 7| year*. Mr*. Hernandez had been a resident et San Antoni* for years. Rosary will be recited in the Max Martinez Chapel Sunday 
Fob I), at 7:88 p m Requiem 
Muss win be ottered Monday Fob 
14, al ti 88 a rn. tram St. Le* * 
Catholic Church IU Octavia Pl. 
Concluding services will ton ow in 
Rossville Cemetary, Rossville. 
Tox , Survivo rs: Sister*. M r*. 
■ day lies Guerra al San Antonio. 
Mrs Luciano Garcia of J our dan lawn. Tax., brother*, Mr. Victor 
Adorn# et D allas. Tex , M r. 
Ramon Adam* of Corpus Christi. 
Tox . Services under the direction et 

J H a x m a r t i n e z 
ODIS W Mortal 
317-6261 

DUBUISSON 
Mrs. Louise F DuBuisson, 73, of 
5311 Keystone, died Thursday, 
Feb. IO, 1*77. Beloved mother of 
Rey. William R. DuBuisson, OMI and Donold J. DuBuisson; sister of Mrs. Anne Wueste of Son An­ tonio ond Mrs. Betty Lowranc* at 
Waukeepan, III., ond of Matthew 
M. Fox. A ndrew O. Fox and 
Thomas J. Fox of Ottawa. III. Also survived bv eight grandchildren and num erous niece* and ne­ phews. Mrs. DuBuisson was Pre­ sident of Com m ercial Kitchen 
Repair, Inc. $he was a member el the National Restaurant Assn., 
Texas Restaurant Assn , an of­ ficer et St. Luka's Credit Union, director of tho Commercial Food 
S e rv ic e eq u ip m ent 
A ssn., member at the Greater san An­ tonio Cham ber of Com m erce, 
Anococho Chapter of lh* National 
Secretaries Assn., Oblate Parents 
Club, Grotto Guild. Post Texas 
Governor of tho International 
Federation of CATHOLIC Alum­ nae, Past President of Our Lodv of the Lake College Alumni, and member of the Glenn Oohs G ar­ den Club. Pallb earers: Donald 
Jo y DuBuisson. David DuBult- son, 
M ike 
F ly n n , 
M atthew 
W ueste, Ja m e s W ueste, G u* 
Wueste, Jr. A vigil service will be held Sunday evening al 7:3o p.m. at St. Luke’s Catholic Church, 
Rev. Andrew Wuosto, O M I, of­ ficiating. Funeral Mass Monday 
1o:38 a rn. at St. Luke's Church, 
Rev. William R. DuBuisson. OMI and Rev. Brian W allace, OM I, 
Celebrants. Interm ent in Holy 
Cross Cometary. Arrangements bv: 
THE A N G ELU S FU N ER A L 
HOME 
727-1461 
Henry Guerra 

DURAN 
Mr Mickey Ramirez Duron, 55, at 
614 Santa Monica St., died F e ­ bruary lith. LHO resident of San 
Antonio member of San Fernando 
Cathedral and member Swim 6 
Trim Health Spas. S u rvivo rs: 
W ife, 
M rs. 
Addio 
D uran, doufhtor, M rs. Iron# Rangel, parents, Mr. and Mrs Pedro Du­ ran, sisters, Mrs. Esperanza Ro­ driguez, Mrs. Carman Coy. Mrs. 
E v a Castiilano, Mrs. Consuelo 
Cantu. Mrs. Em m a Rodriguez, broth er. Pe te R. D u ran J r . 
Granddaughters, Lorraine, P a ­ tricia and Oennlse Resend*;, oil 
,of Son Antonio Rosary will be recited 7 p.m. Sunday February 
13th., 
Roy 
A ker* 
F u n e ra l 
Chapels Moss 8:38 a rn Monday 
February 14th , San Fernando 
Cathedral. Rev. Joseph Nuevo celebrant. Interm ent San F e r­ nando C em etery No. 2. P a ll­ bearer*. Eloy Soto, Jesse Trill*. 
Louis Son Miguel, Hem y Padilla. 
Raymond Herriara and Tommy 
Cazares 

S IS No. M ain 
226-72o1 

FR EEM A N 
Mrs. Mary Nellie Freeman, aa* 
85. of 
4o12 
E 
Souther#** pasted away Friday, February ll. 1*77 in a local hospital. Barn in 
La Cosie, Texas. Mrs. Freeman resided in San Antonio 8 years; was a member of the Catholic 
Church. Survivor*. Daughters, 
Mrs. Mary Evans of San Antonio. 
Mrs. Doris Little ot Charlotte. N 
Carolina, san, C B Fraaman. Jr. of Annodait. V irg inia; sisttr. 
M rs. Bassi* Kllllngsw orth at 
Phoanix, Arizona; brother, David 
Howard of B everly. Kansas; 6 grandchildren; 4 great grand­ children. Rosary, 7:38 p m. Sun­ day at the Southside F u n e ra l 
Home Chapel Mass Monday al St. 
Joseph's Catholic Church Sp. Son 
Antonio. Informant. Son Fernan do Cemetery No J. Fomlly will receive Iriehd* tram 7:38 to 8:88 p.m. Sunday at th* Funeral home. 
Direction of ftoutfatoe 
63o1 I Florae 
*23-633* 

G EN TRY 
Mr Moymon L Gantry of 318 Al­ ban Street passed owav suddenly 
February *, 1*77. Mr. Gentry was employed by lh* San Antoni* In­ dependent school District tor th* past l l yoprs. Prior to mot nm*. he hod worked tor th* Southern 
Poctftc Railroad tor l l year*. Mo was a member of several work- related organizations and hops a 
Ion* tim * member of the now 
Lith ! Boatie! Church. Survivers include hi* w ife M r*. C a lvin 
Gentry; son, Hovmon. doughier, 
M r*. K atie G afto rd ; brother, 
Oeorgo Gentry ond other re la­ tives. Services WNI be hold at 3:88 p m Monday. Feb ru ary 14, gt 
Now Light Baptist Church, Roy. 
P. S. Wilkinson officiatm*. Inter­ ment 
Mepdowiawn 
Memorial 
Pork. 
CARTCR TAYLO R M O TRUARY 
M I N. Cantor Street 

PV falls 
ITTA BEN A , Mi**. 

(Al*) — Cli ar to* Wade and Vidor Boyd learned fur 45 point* .Saturday night to Utobl MibBlBBippi 
Valley to an 
8 2*<6 

 triumph over Prairie 
View in SouthwfBtern 
Athletic t 'inference 

 basketball, 

M A I * 
HAMPTON 
Emmett w Hampton, of 1839 Pa­ sadena, passed aw ay Pob. 18, 
1977 af a local hospital at IM ae* at 78 year* Servtvad bv san. 
C harlo* Rm m att Mometon st 
Boca Raton. Fig ., daughter*. 
Mr*. John Ho*on, Now Breuntols, 
Taxes. Mr* Bdward H Mayor, 
Son Antonio,‘ Toe**, als* fly* grandchildren Mr Hemgton wa* a lit* member of Th* American hi Hem en * Association Funeral service* will he held 18:88 e m 
Munday el Oak Him* Chagal with 
Roy Joseph Miller, Jr lh MOU of 
How#! s eon ottons may bo mod* lo 
Boy Seoul* at A m erica Alamo 
Ar** Council Arrange****!* with 
Wuk 
666-711 * 

U M F R E S S » 6 W t AQS It * 1884- 

ARONSTEIN 
Mr Loo Aronetom. 77, of JOI E. 
Cheryl Or. died Fob lith in Son 
Antonio Resident of San Antonie 
S3 years. member Agada* Ac him 
Synagogue, 
A g ada* 
Achim 
Bi other hood, past President et 
• Not B Kith. Scottish Rite Ma sen. and Je w is h Com m unity 
Cantor. S u rv iv o rs : D aughter 
Mrs Libby Ann Cohn et San An­ tonio. son. Justin Ar un item of Son 
Antoni* ; b ro th e r!. C h arlo* 
Aronitom of Houston and Maurice 
Aronslom at Caora, Texas; sis tors, Mr* Ro* Kooior of Houston. 
Texas; M r* Jean Batsman and 
Miss Fonnt* Aronslom both of 
Now Y o rk ; 5 g ran d ch ild re n ; m any nieces ond noghows. 
G raveside s e rv ic e ! 5 88 * rn. 
Sunday Fob. lit h in A g ada* 
Ac him Cem etery on Palm ona. 
Rabbi Amram P ra r* officiating 
Contributions may bo modo to Hi* charity of your Chalco Honorary 
P a llb e a re rs : Ben W llk , L e * 
Cohol, Dr. Elm or Cooper, jock 
Levina, Aho Mezas. Lester Klein. 
Marcus Eastman. Bm Henry and 
W illiam Lan d *. A ctive P a ll, hearers 
Al Klein, lr vin Bloom. 
Barnard K oilier, Not* Sohr. Joe 
Hyman, and Harry Navy. 

' X J q f l k t A A 

S I b No M ain 
22672o1 

112—Card af Thank* 
M e n t o r ta m 

V 
SAGE 

I u i s h l o t h a n k a l l t h e 

 n ic e people sr h a h o n o r . 

#•«/ INV m o n , 
J o s e p h f - 
N i | re , b s u n e n d i n g h is 

 f u n e r a l o n 
J o n , 
/.'I, 

1*177, 
) o u r p r e s e n c e 

 t h e r e t h i n n e d a f i n e 

 t r i b u t e u n i t t e s t i m o n i a l 

 l o 
J o e . 
. ! • s o u a l l 
A rro w , J o e u o s a k i n d 

 m u / g e n t le m a n , o n e o f 

 i n t r g r i t s . I l e a a s l u r e d 

 b s e r e r s o n e o h o h a d 

 t h e p l e a s u r e o f In u m - 

 l o g h im . 
J o e a a s a 

 b e a u t i f u l n o d d e n n e d 

 s o n , I i i s p a s s i n g is m s 

 g r e a t e s t lo s s , 
A n n a K . S a g e 
I M H ll 
Hum o m it St, e h iliid v lf t h iu , 

I V f i f M i . , 1 9 1 l l 

K LIN E 
"A p p le" G eorge K iln *, ag* 82, died Fob. ll. 1*77 in a local hosp! tai. Service* Monday 4:3o p.m. at 
Pleb* Saunders Chapels. Fm ol 
In term en t in Bluffton, Ohio. A r­ rangem ent* with 

K i n * . 

S u n d e r s 

It 19 N St Vkv v s St at BrcxtMvn 

LIEC K 
M rs. Emma B. d e c k , a a * *1, of 
418 Patton B lvd., died Feb. 12, 
1*77 in a local hospital. Su rvivor!: 
D a u g h te r, M r * . F . A. ( E ls ie ) 
W o lfe r, San A n to n io ; to n and daughter-in law, Clarence E. and 
Velma D e c k , V ic to ria , T e x a t; d o u flh te rin low, M r*. M a rg a re t 
C leck San A n to n io ; b r o th e r * . 
Emu Schroeder. San Antonio and 
Hugo Schroeder of Laver m a; sis­ ters, M r*. Anna Z lm m o rle and 
M rs. Augusta H e e *, both of San 
A n to n io ; * g r a n d c h ild r e n ; 12 g re a t g ra n d c h ild re n . S e rv ic e s 
7 oo p .m . M o n d a y a t R ie b e - 
Sounder* Chapel* with D r. Roald 
E. Broui ck oHiciattng. Interm ent in Roselawn M em orial P o rk A r­ rangem ent* with 

 f t * * * 

S u n d e r s 
Chapote 

1119 N St W it y s SI ill (Vt OO* lyn 

LOWE 
S M Sal Lew Rush Cow*. USAF rot. of 14J4 Meadow Knoll, passed away Fob *. 1*77, at a local ho spital at the oae of 63 year*. Sur­ vived bv wife, M rs Ell! K. Lowe; daughter*. Doris K Lowe. Austin, 
Texas. 
B arb ara 
Brown, 
La fa y e tte . L a ., M isses P a tric ia and P eggy L o w e ; s is te r, M rs . 
M a rg a re t* Liverm ore, oil of Son 
Antonio Fun eral services will be held 12.oo p.m . M onday at Broo- k chill Chopel. Interm ent with full m ilitary honors w ill follow in Fort 
Sam Houston National Cem etery. 
Honorary pallbearers are Arthur 
Coats, 
Steve 
Brestir, 
Billy 
S 
Howell. Dick Moore. B C. Massey an d 
C la u d e 
B ro w n . 
A r r a n dem ent* with iraaktbiU 
711 S E M ilitary Or 
.*23 7533 

LUNA 
M rs LencPG. Luna. ot US Teresa, passed aw ay Feb l l , 1*77 in a lo cal h o s p ital a t th * ag e of 82 y e a rs . S u rv iv o r s : D a u g h te r , 
M a ry Jan e R o d rig u e z ; son-in- low , J o * R 
R o d rig u e z; g ra n d ­ sons, Joe R o b e rt, J r., Stephen 
R ich ard and G ilb e rt A rthur Ro driguez; brothers, Charlie V and 
John V G arza; sisters. Josephine 
R am irez and V icto ria Rodgers; ten g re o t g ra n d c h ild re n , one brool groot gran d ch ild , several nieces ond nephews, all of whom loved her very m uch Rosary will be recite d 7:oo p .m . Sunday at 
B ro o k eh III 
C h a p e l 
F u n e r a l procession will depart Bipakehlll 
Chapel at *: JO a m M o n iK f tor a 
1o:oo a .rn Mass to be otto le d at 
St. Loo'* Catholic C hurch Inter ment will tollow In San Jose Buriol 
P ark. A rrangem ents with 
HrimkthUl 
ZU 5. E. Military Dr 
923-7J33 

ISI—Deaths 

LY T LE 
M r * . W illia m J o m e s ( E m ily 
Josephine) Lytle, Jr., of Houston, 
Texas, died Frid ay, Feb ru ary Ii, 
1o77 In that city. Beloved wife of 
W illiam James Lytle Jr., Houston, 
Texas Beloved m other of W illiam 
Jomes Lytle, III, Houston, Texas, 
Mrs. G erald H oyes-M ourlceville, 
Texas, E d w a rd R ic h a rd L ytle 
San Antonio; beloved sister, o t 
M rs. W illiam C unningham 
San 
Antonio. Sh# Is also survived by 4 grandchildren. F un eral Tuesday 
45 a m . 
(ro m T h e A n g e lu s 
F u n e r a l 
H o m e fo llo w e d bv 
R equiem M oss 9:oo a .m . at st 
M a ry 's Catholic C hurch (D ow n- to w n ). In te rm e n t in St. M a ry 's 
C a th o lic 
C e m e te r y . 
A r r o n gements by 
TH E 
A N G E LU S 
F U N E R A L 
HOME: 
727 1461 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 
HOUSTON 
P A P E R S 
P LEA S E 
COPY 

O LA E Z 
Mrs. M aria Jesusita S Olaez 59J8 
Durango Si. born in M exico June 
18, 18*7 entered rest Friday Feb l l , 1*77 at the age of 84 y e a r* 
Mrs. Olaez had been a resident of 
San Antonio tor 67 years. Rosary will be recited in the M a* Martinez 
Chapel Mon Feb. 14, al 8 OO p rn 
R equiem M ass w ill be o ffe re d 
Tuesday Fob 
IS, a l 12 OO p rn from St. Jude Catholic Church 1.1o 
So. San Augustine Ave. Canc Iud mg services w ill follow in San 
Fernando C em etery No 2. S u r­ v ivo rs: H u sband , M r. E s tev o n 
Oioez i daughters, Miss C arm elite 
O loel. M rs. Ernest (E sp e ra n za! 
O Castro of San Antonio. M rs 
Jes u sita O. M e d in a of D a lla s . 
T e x ., sons. F ra n c is c o O la e z , 
Estevon O loei Jr., Antonio O laei. 
Refugio. Refugio Olaez all al San 
Antonio; brother. Francisco Gu 
H o rror of M exico. IO g ran d eh ii dren. Service* under the direction of 
Mux martini 
2o1 5 W M a rtin 
227-6261 

IH —Fnieral Dlrrctars 

A VIRV SFK IAI 
WARMTH. 

Po r t e r L o r in g 
MORTUARY 

 hoi M cC ullough i i t gjji 

M. £ tOORKHMZ 
FUNERAL HOME 

Pre-Need Azrgnggments 

S11 Guockzlup* St. 
326-6111 

"i'fJl! I I U U 
. U M I 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

227 3136 
Riebe Saunders 
Chapels 

H IS N St. Mery’s 

R A M IR E Z 
M r. Louis (C hico) Ho m irez 
373 
San Angelo St., born in San Au lonio. Tex., Jan 7, 1*o7 entered rest F tid a v Fob l l , 1*77 a l the age of 7o years M r R o m ire i had been a life tim e resid en t of San 
Antonio Rosary will be reeded in the C h apel Of Roses a t N o rth 
Park M ortuary Sunday Feb U . al 
I OO p in Requiem Mass will bu oHered M onday Feb. 14, a l I JO p .m . fro m st. Jo h n C a th o lic 
Church IJJ So Audubon Or with 
Rev O eorge Hoono o ffic ia tin g 
Concluding services will tollow in 
Son F ernando C e m e te ry No i 
Survivors: Nephews, M r 
Alberto 
R a m ire z , M r 
R u dy R o m ir e i, sister in law. M rs Don C Rnm ir- e l. Services under the direction of 

5 to rtl| $ a r k 
Hortuar}) 

' l l F re d e ric k s b u rg 
734-331? 

W IE S E N 
Sister M W ulburgo Wiesen, C C 
V I . M7 E Hildebrand, died Fob l l , 1*77 M ass 4 p m 
M o n d a y . 
Incarnate W ord Convent Chapel 
In te rm e n t C o n ven t C e m e te ry 
Arrangem ents bv 

ZI ilk-K earn s 
Dow nine hhCUjgtxwiy 
1322 N. St. M ary's 
2 2 7 -2 2 o 4 

W ILTO N 
M r* Concho C Wilton, 78, ot 1*o1 
W Houston SI , died F rid a y , Fe b r u a r y l l , 1*77 
S u r v iv o r * 
D oughier, M rs . M anuel "C uqui to" W ilton; grand children; M r* 
C h arlo * C. " M a r y " C raig , M i* 
Leticia Luno L ira ; g re a t grand children; A rthur Craig. Joauelino 
C raig . C aro l M a rie C ra ig . M r* 
Lettcla Luno L ira ; g reat gran d 
-children; A rthur Craig. Joqueiine 
Craig, Carol M orta Craig. R atalie 
A n gelica L ira 
R o ta ry Sunday 
7: JO p.m. at The Angelo* Chapel 
Funeral M onday *:1 5 a m trorn 
The A n gelo* F u n e ra l H om e lot lowed bv Requiem Mass *: JO a rn at Sacred H eart Catholic Church 
Interm ent in Son Fernando Arch diocesan Com etary. A rrangem ent bv 
TH E 
A N G E LU S 
F U N E R A L 
HO M E 
237 IJ61 
H E N R Y G U E R R A 

IQS • CEMETERY BURIAL IflTS 

I AdioinT»T^em !n#r^of*l7 ) I ! ? sion B u ria l P a rk , S ection *25 
Reasonable 824 58*o_____________ 

C O M P A N IO N B u rial Lots, beau 
Htul section of Southside Mission 
B u rial P a rk 
Both lots tor 81oo a tte r 5 call 4*6 oJ76 

Funeral Directors 

8o2 W 

& o u t t e ib e 

 l-UNERAl H O M E 

63o1 S. FIORES 
922-6339 
John M. Grunts, Director 

 f l a x f lo r t in r x 

 li e t e llie s 

227-6291 

784 -8 8 1 3 

OSS-*4 1 1 

L u n a L e h i l l 
71 I S I Stein o r y f l i / I U 
(dak Sula lo s e r re der* Hr .berg 1 4 *9 4 -7 1 1 1 
. 
Brl U r n ! 
2oOO S. W W WMS# I d 837-4oo 

. f t u l m f t r i i t h t H 

J 7 M ta ( s u e n m 
* M « iS | 
..... 
■ e e ^ n g w w 

828*2811' 
For all funeral needs 

SUNSET 

 p 

P IV 
NX 
Att. 
N > 

StChi 
Col 
AAir 
Val 

MO 
Pit 
LO' 
VVC 
De 

Bo 
OU 
To 
Cle 

 c 
\ tIA 
Ct f 
(IAA* 

O lr 
C 
N 
B 
X 
H 
S.Ai 
P eCt 

 ct v 

V 

ILE COUPON 
COLOR TILE COUPON 

A rm s tro n g 

.v/cr M 
E N T 

 h o M E 

FREE! 25-PC.STAINLES: 
TABLEW ARE!/*/ 
• DELUXE “ IMPERIAL" STAINLESS kith 
TABU: WA Rf lr / / 
• 25-PIECE SERVICE. .A J 12.95 V A L U E * *;™ 4 
• I FREE WITH PURCHASE OF $59 
• 2 FREE WITH PURCHASE OF $99 OR MORE 
* 

IN-STOCK 
PATTERNS 

^ I ll" 
PATTERN 

 styles 
MAV VARY 

ONE COAT COVERAGE! DRIES IN 3o MINUTES* 
FADE A STAIN RESISTANT! MATER CLEAN UP* 

O’Brien rewarded 

MILWAUKEE (AP) — Larry O’Brien is basketball’s latest millionaire. 

O'Brien, commissioner of the National Basketball 
Association, was voted a new seven-year, %'2 million contract Saturday by the league's Board of Gover­ nors. meeting in conjunction with Sunday’s All-Star 
Game. 
“ The scope of this new contract sets forth the high est m n and appreciation we have for the job Com­ missioner O'Brien has done in the past 11 ^ years.” said Board Chairman lrv Levin. “ We have torn up his current contract, which had I'., years remaining, and he has accepted a new seven-year contract for $2 million.” 
T u rn e r 
In another major action, the Board voted a clean lull of health to colorful led Turner, approving his purchase of a m ajority interest in the Atlanta 
Hawks. 
A revision of the league’s schedule also was dis­ cussed. hut th*' Board decided to take no immediate action. 
“ The existing schedule concept will prevail for next season,” a league spokesman said. This con­ cept. which has each team playing each other team, an equal number of times regardless of division or conference, had come under considerable criticism in this its first year. 
T rip s 

Its opponents say it creates more long-distance road trips, which are more costly, and that it pre­ vents the development of intra-divisional rivalries. ll also has been given as a reason why home teams are winning significantly more games this season than in recent years. 
The hoard discussed these matters but decided to table the issue for the present. 
O'Brien is credited with engineering the merger between tht‘ NBA and the American Basketball As­ sociation and was negotiating the landmark labor agreement signed last year between the league and the NBA Players Association. 
5 picked for Hall 

SPRINGFIELD. Mass. (AP) - Elgin 
Baylor, Coach Frank McGuire and three stars from another era Saturday were named to the National Basketball Hall of 
Fame. 

.Joining Baylor, elected in his first year of eligibi­ lity, and McGuire as new members of the Ball of 
Fame were Charles “ Tarzan” Cooper, Lauren 
“ Laddie” Gale and William C. “ Skinny" Johnson 
Lee Williams, the Hall s executive director, and 
Adolph Hupp, the Honors Committee chairman, announced that the five new electees will he ensh­ rined at ceremonies May 2 
Their election brings to Kilt the number of indivi­ duals named to the Naismith Basketball of Kame. 
Baylor, a H-Iim4-5 super star. considered one of the greatest forwards in basketball history, prepped in 
Washington. B.C.. and went on to All-American hon­ ors at Seattle in 1H58 
A first-round draft choice by the Minneapolis leakers, he earned All-Star recognition and rookie of the year honors in the National Basketball Associa­ tion in tile season. Ile was a first team All- 
Star the next HI years 

-ATLAS--- 

RESEAL 
SPECIAL 

M uni rn (•/luna rn yum tam al you nmo M u d 
I* 

TRANSMISSION 
SPECIALS 

FIUIO (HANGE & ADJUST 

(HECK LINKAGE • (LEAN 

FILTER REPUCE PAN 

GASKET ETC 

$1 8 ” 

 f i f e 
. 

W R EC K ER 

SERVICE 

W tlM WR d o tho work 

ASK ABOUT OUR 
CONDITIONAL GUARANTEE 

FINANCING ARRANGED 

W « o r t n o t n e w c o m e rs , 1 4 y o a rs in San A n to n io 
ATLAS 
TRANSMISSION 
•MMTVMSfDI LOCATION 
99o9 QUANGO 
791-oooo r n 793.99o1 
•OUVNUfT LOCATION 
TM ft. W.W. M UTI 
3)3 *3oo iO V T M M D i LOCATION 
1999 L « . MWY AO* t m . 
919-7949 

 w 

_ 
PLENTY OF 
ILLUSTRATED INSTRUCTIONS C D C C D A D l l I M f . 
IKF OF GPFHAIITH) TOOLS " K E I . r H W V m V 
FULL REFUND ON UNUSED TILE 
CD CC I* USE OF SPECIALIZED TOOLS m u 
. . EXPERT ADVICE 

STRONG 
VINYLON 
TILE 

* ToPS ,N DURABILITY! a g f c p ' • IDEAL FOR TRAFFIC AREAS! ft p ' • EXCELLENT IST QUALITY! 
EMBOSSED DESIGN HIDES SCUFFS! 
12 x 12” r * r i e m j i 

 e n 

T U T T 

 m 
. r,,e L a te * ! flat w a ll p a in t 
SMOOTH APPLICATION! QUICK DRV m • MSY soap ANO WATER CLEAN-UP! 
• washable EASY CARE FINISH! 

I 

GLAZED CERAMIC WALL TILE 

• EASY CARE GLAZED FINISH 
• RICH PASTELS FOR BATH, 
KITCHEN OR UTILITY 
| 
C £ ( 
O 
• WONT STAIN OR SCRATCH 
I ,. 
4Y* X 4%” 
SOLIDS o * ™ ___ 

DECORATOR PATTERNS 989 SQ. FT. 

 rim sii 

For a Decorator Look! 
WALLPAPER IDEAS ■ 
- • BRIGHT COLORS AND PATTERNS 
=* • PRE-PASTED AND TRIMMED 
FOR EASY INSTALLATION! 
HUGE SELECTION IN STOCK! 

REPASTED 
-PASTED VINYL 
PRE 
FROM ?.95 

CLOTH BACK VINYL 
S/R 
FROM 
S/R 
ONLY 
ROI IS 
OBI 
SOI D 
COUPON EXPIRES EEB 2o 

COLOR TILE COUPON 

EXPIRES FEB. 2o 

Finest Quality, Cosy Care! 
NO-WAX SOLARI AN’ OR 
SOLARSHINE SELF-STICK TILE 

• ENDS WAXING FOREVER! 
• UNIQUE FLOOR DESIGNS 
• REALLY TAKES HEAVY 
- 
TRAFFIC! 12x12” 
&ftWJ 
FANCY MOSAIC 

Decorative Patterns! J 
SOLID VINYL TILE « s * EASY TO CUT AND FIT! 
• PATTERN WONT SHOW WEAR! 
• DECORATOR COLORS & DESIGNS 
• 1oo% SOLID VINYL FLOOR TILE! S i 
12 X 12” -— ^ 
^ 
. ■ 

 r n 
B m 
_ 
FSQ FT 2 
En o n ly 
■ j 

 w P 
COUPON EXPIRES FEB. 2o 

COUPON EXPIRE_________ 
M 
N H M 
I 
COLOR TILE COUPON 

• PRE MOUNTED SHEETS! 
I i i 
• RESISTS SCRATCHES, STAINS, F*° M| 
CHIPS—-WEARS LIKE IRON! frliU j ^ 
^ 
SHEET 
CUSTOM-SHAPED STYLES AS LOW AS 98* SHEET 

_________ 
COUPON EXPIRES FEB. 2o 

DECORATOR QUARRY TILE 
S 

 t LATEST IMPORTED DESIGNS! 
• BRIGHT COLORS! LUSTROUS GLAZE! 

ELEGANT MIRROR TILE 
• A SPARKLING ACCENT! 
• EASY TO CUT AND FIT! 

GOLD VEIN VU SO. FT. 

M i : 8 ACRYLIC LATEX FLAT WALLI I 

I one coat coviragf* colorfast! quick dry* reg. 
.- Iii 
■FADE I SPOT RESISTANT* EASY IRATER CLEAN UPI 112.99 

[DELUXE ONE-COAT FIAT WALL 
WONT STAIN! SPOT RESISTANT' COLORFAST* MEG 
MIES TO A FUT FINISH IN 3o MINUTES! 
M W 

SAVE 

M OO GI 

SAVE 

M OO GAL. 

 wNKytaiefflSF. 
COUPON EXPIRES EEB. 2o wauaaaaaaHM M euaam uaaaan 
COLOR TILE COUPON 

\ I INTERIOR LATEX SEMI-GLOSS 
, ( 'q Y 
^ 

COLORFAST! WASHABLE! WATER CLEAN UP! 
REG 
NON YELLOWING. SPOT RESISTANT FINISH! 
J I 1.5 

COUPON EXPIRES FEB. 2o wmmrnmms»iKUnnaatak__ 
LOLO* H U COUPON 

PARQUET TILE 
• GENUINE OAK FLOOK 
• ft ADY TO USE FINISH! 
• SIMPLE TO USE* 
MktMM WM 

• POPULAR COLORS! 
H 

• EASY TO OOH YOURSELF! M 
»/it? . r n 

K it 

12 I 

SAVE f$3 OO GAL 

PLUSH SHAG CARPET TILE 
I RICH COLORS HIGHLIGHT TEXTURE! 
I • EASY TO INSTALL! SELF STICK BACKS! 
I* DURABLE A COLORFAST! EASY CARE! 

COUPON EXPIRES FEB 2o 

Kl IOT 
U MASIA iSAANOt 

ORIN MON.-FRI. 9 to 9 
SAT. 9tOO to 5.3o 
CLOSID SUNDAY 

1714 S.W . MILITARY DR. 
934-9231 

KIWI Of UM 'AMOS ti CMM HUI 

CUSTOM TINT LATEX SEMI-GLOSS . . im c a o n 1 caiowtsn inst c lem up' k g u JU 
G K tr ro t IUTCHIN ON MTU! Q U IP M f! 
H I W 

[CUSTOM TINT FLAT WALL PAINT . . si f i A 1 spot t shin Ksaitmt mumm finish' kg am I Ii m , I IWO a* ohs' WAHN ct tin up1 cm owtsi' siiw | A rl 

HOME IMPROVEMENT SUPERMARTS y 
KW 
6435 SAN PEDRO 
344-8572 
1 3 2 7 BANDERA RD, 
434-93o4 

HOPPttS CHAAU 
8ANAAMI RICARD A MASTER CHARGE WILCOMt • USI OUR LAY AMAT* 

Gervin to play in today’s game 

H San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Sunday February I 3 I 977 

GEORGE GERVIN 
. . . on East squad 

Continued from Page IS 

Van Lier (Chicago) in the West’s starting lineup. 
“ My career started in the 
Teaneck Armory when we played the .Jersey Am ericans,’’ said 
Brown, waxing fondly on his ABA roots, -so it’s really great to be here. 
“ Our players are really excited about this game. They've wailed nine years to get here and I know how they feel. I hope we can make the game a big success.” 
Sixers 
Similarly, East Coach Gene Shut* will have three of his Sixers in the starting lineup. Philadelphia for­ wards Julius Erving and George 
McGinnis w ill start along side teammate guard Dong Collins, 

Maravieh and Knick center Bob 
McAdoo. 
Dave Cowens. the NBA’s vanish­ ing red head. had to withdraw be­ cause of a hack injury. He was re­ placed by guard Phil Chenier of 
Washington, so McAdoo will be the 
East's only real pivot man. 
5 guards 
“ The East squad has had a great deal of success in the past.” said 
Shue. 
“ so 
I suppose tomorrow we ll try to win without a center, or at least with only one." 
Trouble is, McAdoo’s game is forward-oriented as he enjoys working around the perimeter. So 
Washington’s Elvin Hayes will spend considerable time at center although he made the team as a forward. 

 problem." noted Brown iii sarcastic response to the questioning of Is­ sei’* selection. “ I'd be crazy to say he is better than Jabhar, hut he is having a great year. 

Don't know 

“ I don't know if there is any right way to select ail all-star team. but our players were selected by the fans who got behind them.” 

While the West has three centers of attention, the East, admittedly, may he far short of sufficient re­ bounding prowess. 
-If we can rebound, we ll run." said Shue. “ Maybe we can pick up some cheap baskets.” 
But the talent is not cheap on 

 either side, so it should be a run­ ning. gunning classic. The East may lack board power, hut with the likes of Earl Monroe. Jo Jo White, 
George Gervin and John Max Meek in attendance, they have plenty of guile. 

Both coaches say they will play everyone in the first half, and then see who is the hottest. 

-This game serves as a show­ case.” said Brown, “ so everyone ought to get an oppotunity to play.” 

But with th*1 number of parties scheduled between Saturday after-’ noon and tipoff time Sunday, it is likely the players will get the least amount of playing time of anybody in attendance. 

-I’ve always wanted to play five guards, anyway,” mused Shue. 
“ ll’s always been a theory of mine and I guess tomorrow will he the perfect time to test it out." 

The most controversial starting pick was Issei, who gained the berth over such tower of powers as Har­ eem Abdul-Jabbar and Boh Lanier. 

Bill Walton, who would have been the fourth center on the West squad, had to withdraw with an inflammed achilles tendon. He was replaced by 
Pacer defensive genius Don Buse. 

“ I heard lots of talk about all our centers and how some of them shouldn’t he here,” said Brown. 
"One of our players is slow. white and fat. so he shouldn’t be any 

* 

Saving wattage 

Tips on savings for your energy bill a re available in booklet form and Ron W hite tells you about it in 

EXPRESS NEWS 

S in V D A Y 

\v Page I 
February 13, l<»77 m a g a z i n e J 

Blues beat on 

Puntay Guitar has been knocking around the world of blues music for tw o decad es. He talks about life on the circuit in Ben King J r .’* 
Entertainm ent Spot Light, P age 2 . 

Heirloom Discovery Days 

Objects such as China and carvings will be appraised. 

Experts will tell you what it s worth 

In cast* you haven’t heard. San 
.Antonin Muse um Association has invited five expert appraisers from the vvorld-lanuius auction house of 
Sot Itchy P a r k e Berne! to conduct 
Heirloom Discovery Days at Witte 
Museum F e b lh and 2o 

S o t ht*l>\ 
P a r k e R e m e t h a s c o n d u c t e d 
Illest* a p p r a is a l c lin ic s i ii o th e r c itie s a c r o s s the c o u n try , hill this is th e first tim e they 

 h ave 
Im-cii invited to 
San 
Autumn. 
F o r a s.'» p e r ite m fee. they will o ffe r v e rb al a p p r a is a ls of a r t . a n tiq u e s and h e ir lo o m s 

 tak en to th e W itte by local o w n e r s and c o l­ lecto rs 

T h e o w n e r s h e a r th e v a lu e of th e ir fam ily t r e a s u r e s , and th e a p p r a is e r s look for 

 th in g s they c a n a c c e p t to soil at a u ctio n on 

 c o n s ig n m e n t 
It you a r c a m o w t th e m any S a n A n to n ians who a r e p la n n in g to a tten d H eirlo o m D is­ co v ery D a y s , t h e r e a r e s o m e t h i n # * you 

 should know 
O f p r i m a r y i m p o r t a n c e a r c t h e c a t e - 

 c o n e s ol i t e m s that FAM and ( ANNOT Ik* a p p r a is e d . 
A ccepted for a p p r a is a l in th e 

 two-day c lin ic a r c p a in tin g s , lith o g r a p h s , s c u l p t u r e , s i l v e r , s m a l l d e c o r a t i v e a r t s 
( s u c h a s p a p e r w e i g h t s , je w e l e d b o x e s , c e r a m i c s , au d o th e r a n t i q u e s ! , fin e f u r n i­ tu re, ru g s . tu | H * s tr ic s . aud s i m i la r te x tile s , 

 c lo c k s , p o r c e la in , g l a s s , O r ie n t a l. p re -C o ­ lu m b ia n and e th n o g r a p h ic art aud o b je c t s . 

EXC I t DED a r e st a m p s, coins, dolls, weapo ns, j e w e l r y , R o m a n . C l e e k , and 
Egyptian antiquities. American Indian art 

 aud objects, photographs, hardware, docu­ 

 ments, vehicles, and c o m m e r c i a l r e p r o ­ ductions ol famous works ot art. 

T h e r e a r e , of c o u r s e , e x c e p t i o n s to th e r u le s 
F o r e x a m p l e , a lt h o u g h je w e lr y is e x clu d e d , a p ie ce of A fr ica n je w e lr y could 
In- a p p r a is e d iii th e e t h n o g r a p h ic a r t c a t e ­ gory 
And P e r s ia n r u g s c a n Im- a p p r a is e d , hut 

 not a N a v a jo ru g In-cause of th e e x c lu sio n of 
A m e r ic a n Ind ian o b je c t s . 
W e a p o n s a r c e x c l u d e d , lint a p u r e ly c e r e m o n ia l or d e c o r a tiv e sw ord and s h e a th could Im* a p p r a is e d iii the* d e c o r a tiv e a r t s categ ory 
T h e VV die- h a s r e c e iv e d m any in q u ir ie s about a p p r a is a ls of go ld . an d the- a n s w e r h as been that gold c a n Im* a p p r a is e d if it is 

 used i i i a d e c o r a tiv e a rt, bul not if ii is used in c o in s or je w e lr y , su ch a s w e d d in g b a n d s, w rist w a tc h e s , and o th e r c o m m o n a d o r n ­ m e n ts if you a r c in doubt a b o u t an it e m , you m ig h t do well to ca ll the VV Ute- (SJH UH47) i i i a d v a n ce of H eirlo o m D iscov ery D a y s O t h ­ e r w is e your o b je c t will b e s u b je c t to i m i s s i - b le ex c lu sio n b e fo re re al b in g th e a p p r a is a l room . 
F o r o w n e r s and collet to r s of T e x a n a a r t s and c r a f t s , a re g io n a l e x p e r t . M r s J o h n \ 
Met a m is h , will Im* a v a ila b le to o ff e r v e rb a l a p p r a is a ls i i i ad d ition to th e Sothcbv P a r k e 
Hornet r e p r e s e n t a tiv e s 
A p p r a i s a l s w ill b e c o n d u c t e d i i i n u m e r ic a l o r d e r , b a se d oil iiumtM*red t i c k ­ ets issued al Hit* point of r e g is t r a t io n , co lo r codt-d by c a te g o ry 
It you a r r iv e with o b je c t s iii mort- than one c a te g o r y , you will still I m* see n by cat Ii a p p r a i s e r b a s e d on y o u r n u m e r i c a l s e ­ q u e n c e . T h e d o o r s o p e n at III a iii b o th days aud a p p r a is a ls will end al I p m 
Ow tie rs a r c so lely r e s p o n s i b l e fo r l i n ­ e a t e aud secu rity oi th e ir o b je c t s , a lth o u g h v o lu n te e rs will Im* at Hit* VV lite to a s s is i w ith u n w r a p p in g .intl r e w r a p p i n g b e f o r e anti a f t e r Hic v e rb a l ap|iraisal ll an ite m is t<H» la r g e fo r you to c a r r y , it can a p p r a is e d fr o m d e ta ile d p h o to g r a p h s if d a t e s , i n s i g n i a , s i g n a t u r e s a n d o i l i e r m a r k in g s a r e clearly show n anti it that i n f o r m a l ion is e n o u g h to d e t e r m i n e its value 
F i n a l l y , d o n 't bt- d i s a p p o in t e d if y o u r t r e a s u r e is nut g r e e t e d wi t h c a g e r enthu­ s ia s m by th e e x p e r t s 
S o thcb v P a r k e R e m e t s e x p e r i e n c e tuts 
Im-cii that Hit* s c tim c u ta l v a lu e atlach t-d lo a fam ily h e irlo o m often ext t*et|s its a p p r a is e d value m any t i m e s o v e r ( i r u n d m u 's c u p and s a u c e r may not 
I m* w orth a fo rtu n e, but no oih* will deny thai they m e a n Hit* w orld to you 

Some items that can't be appraised 

Sun* i f s a beautiful doll; aud i f s been in the family for decades. But it may md qualify for appraisal during Witte Mu­ seum's Heirloom Discovery Days. 
Also excluded from appraisal are Ro­ man, ( J reek and Egyptian antiquities. stam ps, coins, weapons and jewelry . 
Add to that list American Indian art and artifacts, photographs, h ardw are, do­ cuments, vehicles and co m m e rcia l re­ productions of famous art. 
T h e r e a r e s o m e e x c e p t i o n s to the above. Check the accom panying story for details 

J/k jbbb I jp il. 
- ra l m m IM 
E lf 
E R m rn■ rn rn. rn 
B e g i n o n 
A n s c a l e n d a l 
■ 
V • 
*■ 
, i 
& 
R e v i e w 

 t i - T * v* 
/ 
% j 
I* . *- 
"*■ 
' * * 
" ‘ "* S 
P a g e 
8 

G a ry W r ight: 

A dream rew oven? 
Blues:Hard mistress 

Mire, there are those who p ervert popular music to such cheap, shoddy purposes as en­ couraging young ladies iii T-shirts to do the Lust iii the Heart Hustle. 
But there are others who use their musical talents for far nobler aims. 
There is (Iary Wright. for instance, who uses pop music to spread un­ iversal tru th and e n ­ lightenment. 
Wright is a student of the yogi Paramahansa 
Yogananda. ll is the works of good ole Para­ mahansa that provide much of the basis for 
Wright’s ever so mean­ ingful new album, “The 
Light of 
S m iles" 
(Warner Bros.). 

HIK AGELESS wis­ dom of these guys often sounds deceptively sim­ ple. For instance, a short piece which 
Wright draws from Yogananda, 
“ I Am the Sky," consists of those four words plus 
“ Mother.” 
Country-western si>ng- writers aren't the only ones who try to work mother in when­ ever they can. 
Equally as pithy is the album's single, “ I’m Al­ right.” It is sort of the musical equivalent of all those "Pm OK, you're 
OK, the cat’s OK” books. 
Actually 
W right s close association with the . universe goes way back. 
As a child actor, 
Wright once played on 
“Captain Video,” tele­ vision’s pioneering effort to turn a studio into a space ship through the clever use of cardboard boxes. 

THE MI SIC world did not become aware of 
Wright until later, how­ ever, when he migrated to England and became a member of the British rock group 
Spooky 
Tooth. 
The band had a couple of good years before breaking up in 197o 
Wright s initial try at a solo career failed ami so did an effort to try to put the band back together again 

A year ago, Wright’s career look off again with "Dream Weaver.” 
The new album may decide whether he has made it all the way lo 
Nirvana or just to the 
Mike Douglas Show. 
With 
"L ight of 
Smiles," Wright again dares to produce an en­ tire rock allium without a single guitar 
The seemingly impos­ sible feat is accom ­ plished with a variety of electric synthesizers, pianos, organs and 

Playback 

By Joel McNally 

 whatever 
OII it else has kevs 

SOMETIMES it seems like a roller rink run amuck, but most of the tim e the echoing electronics add to the other worldly tone of the album. So do Wright’s ethereal vocals. 
There is one jarring rock ballad, 
"Silent 
F u ry ," that d o e s n t really fit 
But most of the other songs — “Child of Light," “Water Sign." 
"T im e 
M achine," 
"E m p ty In sid e " and 
“Who Am I" — are in­ teresting trips into inner space. 

OTHERS 
I learn about all of life’s bright and glowing truths, but Jams lan is still hung up on the dark ones. 
A correspondent re ­ cently noted that I ani a sucker for this kind o| thing. "Seduced by the scent of seriousness" was the lyrical phrase that he used. I confess it is so. 
I don’t feel nearly as bail about it, though, as 
Jams lait does about all the times she was se­ duced. Or the times that she wasn’t. 

MECH of Ms 
Lin s new album , "M iracle 
Row" (Columbia), con­ tinues her painful re ­ counting of all kinds of private little agonies. 
There are a few dif­ ferences. She has moved from the hells of the high school dance to those of elaborate affairs with 
“champagne and caviar, cocaine and Shalimar." 
At least she is getting dumped on at more ex­ pensive parties now. 
The familiar themes arc brief and desperate encounters CT Want To 
Make You Love Me") or empty hours of even less than that ( TTI Cry To­ night"). 
Sometimes the pity is for others as in “Sunset of Your Life," which is about human beings dis­ missed as ton old lo care 
And one of the album’s highlights, the title song 
“Miracle Row” flowing into " M a r ia ," draws sharp images of a Span­ ish ghetto. 

SOMETIMES she belts it. Sometimes she breathes it. Sometimes she just plays it on the piano creating haunting music box settings. 
W hatever, she communicates it. 
There is nothing wrong with the fact that Ms. lan has traveled the ter­ ritory before. 
One bit of silliness that has arisen out of jmpular music criticism is the suggestion that artists have to ride off iii some new direction every tune they record. 
Ms. Ian does what she dors wry well A lot of people empathize with lier morbid little ditties. 
I admit it. She got me again. 

There aren t many musicians like Puntay Guitar left Men Uke him have either become inter­ national stars, or just died after years of trying — proof the blues can be a hard mistress. 
But not Puntay. After more than 2o years of playing the blues, he sits at his club on South New' Braunfels Avenue contentedly drawing songs out of his guitar that cover the full span of black music. 

B B. King, who Puntay played with in the ‘5os, now m akes European tours and has become the darling of white college kids. A far cry from the black nightclubs which used to be his bread and butter. 

At the sam e tim e though, Freddie King, another bluesman who 
Puntay says was " th e best," recently died at age 42 without receiving the credit he was due. 

JANIS IAN: Sod is good 

On the Records- t « « M U » ■ « D U I 6 U B M AO AZIM I 
T o p I O S in g le s 
T o p I O A lb u m s 

I lo.#. b trt.M .. 1* o l o w i 
M oi, M u.C h m 
J N r * AM » (ow n to # * * 
3 
Zii'xMd t>, tfc* 
M oM .M M o.i* * I®. 
4 Cot W oth 
Bu m 
J ham 
A %ta> 

 t Dot! 
Btwk ftWH# 
I lr*** Tom**#* - I Ko Jut***** 

 b I W a * 
W on*#* 
V 
I LA# D*#o m #» 
Note** 
IO is** is*# ft*#A*# 

 ftc*to*e 

I i t * ! * # lo a d a m i K l* A m t a fb 
% fto#r» Hohri €<3Mc»m«o 
J $»**«# W uftdw - bv lb s Ae 
4 Wfftgft 
C W A m e m o 
% Que#*) mr A (joy tai the Hmm 
Ut Al St#swot • lim fem cd tm 
I bom Hap -• o*#et#*4 tit! ft Ik**Hen fto»to*» 
9 IM** 
Lamptoi' Conv* 
1o W - t AA*##* bond fly LA# Oft 

And occasionally the local m usician fingers the chords to a song called "Boogie Chillen.” 
He was playing it 2(1 years ago, but recently a rock group nam ed /. Z 
Top came along, quadru­ pled the song’s volume and came up with a na­ tional hit. 

The irony of the situa­ tion isn ’t lost on tile 
52-year-old man. 

"Hey man, you know that group the Beagles 
(the Beatles)? All they did was s ta rt out by taking old blues songs people had forgotten about and suddenly ever­ ybody dug it," he ex­ plains. 

"All rock and roll is nothing but the blues made more technical by young white k id s,” he explains with a shrug, implying anybody with any sense knew that. 

"The blues have been real fickle man. Some people are millionaires off of it, while others died trying to make it or have just given up," he says. 

When Puntay speaks it s with the same inten­ sity he uses while playing 
Ins 2o-year-old electric guitar. And whether he’s talking or playing, Pun­ tay is out to tell the truth about his life and music. 

Pulling his guitar up so it leans against his ro­ tund belly, Puntay gives a lesson iii what the blues is all about. Almost tick­ ling his in stru m e n t’s strin g s, they respond with a stinging twang in the style of B. B. King. 

And then he goes on recreating note for note the songs of blues gui­ ta rists like John Lee 
Hooker, Muddy Waters and the legion of other m usicians who in­ fluenced m odern pop music. 

Despite his virtuoso guitar abilities, the na­ tive San Antonian swears he’s not a musician. Ac­ cording to Puntay’s de­ finition he’s just a soul guitar player because the blues isn ’t som ething 

 studied in a conserva­ tory. 

"When you’re a blues player, you don’t learn it 
You’ve got to have it when you sta rt and if you’re not born with it you’re up the creek,” he says with a glim mer in his eyes. 

Puntay started putting his talent to use to feed his family in 1958. “ I got my first guitar from a missionary woman who wanted me to play in church. 

“ Pretty soon though I was playin’ w uh these other guys who wanted me to play the blues in bars and since I got paid with them, that s where I had to go," he says. 

Before long he had gained such a reputation that East Siders quit calling him by his Chris­ tian nam e of Celester 
G onzales and dubbed him Puntay Guitar. 

By 1958 his name be­ came part of almost any poster advertising the 

 blues shows which traveled through the 
Southwest playing black night dubs and lounges. 

As his children grew old enough to hold a gui­ tar or saxophone, Puntay trained them, formed his own band and started making the grueling club circuit. 

His stories of those days take hours to tell and arc filled with images of musicians al­ most tired to stay awake through a job and Pun­ tay’s m other traveling with the hand wrapped in quilts with a pile of gui­ tars on her lap. 

Recently, Puntay and his five sons have settled down to manage and play at the Disco Party House on 322 S. New Braunfels 
Ave. 

They can he found there throughout the week picking into the night keeping an impor­ tant part of A m erican music alive in San An­ tonio. 

 m m I ll ll ll ■ rnmmammm mm t..** 

C S S#*., mmmmmrnmm rnrnmtmmw ne n mm 

PAG! 2 tXPffUS MIM SUNDAY MAGA ZMH— tot. II. 1977 A 

P f V I I I (.I I T A H plat* the bint**, with bio five 
MHI*, al (Im* llio'o I'arlv H ou -e, ,'122 S. New 
It ta ii ii lei- 
Ive. G u ita r, who ha- b ren iii ibe 

 hit»hie»» for more than 2o year*., -av* be ha- no regret* of "pending lite la-1 two drrade- iii a field he -avo ba- to eoine oat iii alb. 

Classical record review 
Tschaikowsky for 

 your collection 

Bv DAVID ANTHONY RICHELIEU 

RGA is repackaging and remarketing some of its best recordings and one of them is an outstanding entry. 
It is one of those special offerings designed for people who really haven’t lilied out their classical collections and want to make a purchase of a major addition without worrying about the quality of the pressing, recording or performance. 
This first-class package is dubbed “ The Three 
Great Symphonies’’ and features the 4th. 5th and 
6th symphonies of Tschaikowsky as performed by the Philadelphia Orchestra under Eugene Or- mandy (URIA-1838). 
Ormandy has always had the best versions of the 
6th ever recorded. He is the only one who captures all the fervor and passion of this masterpiece without racing through the third movement. 
He first outclassed the competition with a spec­ tacular recording for Columbia and this latest repackaged ECA sounds defiantly similar to that earlier Columbia release — indicating RCA either got the earlier Columbia masters or Ormandy’s performances are solidly consistent. 
In any event, it is an outstanding version of this very popular symphony. 
Equally noteworthy performances art* turned in' for the fourth and fifth symphonies. There are newer versions out by Bernstein on Columbia of the fourth and by Solti of the fifth. 
But these Ormandy performances hold their own against the splashier Bernstein and more serious 
Solti versions. 
All in all, “ The Three Great Symphonies” is a worthwhile offering which offers first-rate record­ ings, pressings and performances. This should be more successful than some of their other repack­ aging efforts simply because of Ormandy and the 
Philadelphia and the three favorite Tschaikowsky symphonies selected 
But the best part of all is that the three-record set is offered at a s|>ecial price as well — the whole collection for the price of a two-record album That all adds up to an attractive and irresistible com­ bination for the collector with a growing classical record collection. Its a first-class steal. 

The Best of San Antonio 
SUNDAY m ag azin e 

RON STRAIT-fcditor 

BO X 2171, SA N A N T O N IO , 78297 
I 
225 741 I EXT. 322 
■ O N THE C O V E R S 

Heirloom Discovery D ays, which are sch ed u led for W itte M useum next w eekend, offer a first for a rea resi­ dents: the opportunity to have your valuables appraised by professionals in the field. But note. . .some items will not be appraised. 

 my it/ 
UNUSUAL THINGS TO DO A BUY IN SAN ANTONIO AND OUK ARCA 
Finding Your Roots 

Even before the television best-seller and the television show 
‘ Roots,’ you may have wondered who you came from. lf you’ve wanted to find your roots, but don't know how to go about it, check into a new book, 
“ Tracing 
Your 
A n cestry: 
A 
Step-by-Step G uide to 
Researching Your 
Family H istory." 
W ritten by F. W ilbur Helmbold, director of the Institue of G en ealog y and Historical 
Research, the book details the sources you can use to uncover your fam ily history 
— letters, censuses, wills, land records, church, cemetery and military records. 
To accom pany the book Helmbold has also compiled "Tracing Your Ancestry Log­ b ook," a 256-page personal record book of forms on which a researcher can chart his findings and document progress. 

“ Tracing Your Ancestry” /By F. W il­ bur 
H elm b o ld / $ 9 .9 5 / ’ ’ Tracing 
Your Ancestry Logbook*' / * $ 3 .9 5 
/ Oxm oor House Publishers. 

Savings 

Even though we may have hoped so a few years ago, saving energy is not a fad. Ifs a necessity. 
But how to do it is something else again. A group called 
Am biente Environm ental 
Concerns, made up of San Antonio educators, has come up with a practical guide to saving energy. 
The 28-page guide is full of simple tips for saving energy. For example, don't use hot water for routine cleaning that doesn t call specifically for hot water. Clean light bulbs and paint with light colors for more light. Use a dishwasher only once a day. 
Other topics include space heating and cooling, water heating, bathing, clothes washing, clothes drying, cooking, refrigerating, and driving. Plus there s a list of the w attage consumed by common household appliances to let you know where your m oney’s going. 

“ Slash Energy Bills” /Am biente/P. O. Boe 13622, San 
Antonio Texas 7821 3 / $ 1 .5 o . 

Relating to Humans 

H ow to get along with others has becom e something of a science. 

Exactly how to use the science will be the topic of a 3o-hour course to be offered by San Antonio 
College Continuing Education. 

“Concepts of Human Relations’ will be taught by D avid W ilkinsonn, marketing service m anager for 
Sw earingen 
Aviation 
Corp, who holds a m aster’s degree in human relations from the Uni­ versity of O klahom a. 

The course will use a laboratory method of instruction so that participants will do what the course preaches through skill exercises, simulation games and group discussions. 

Concepts off Human Relations /San An­ to n io 
C o lle g e 
Continuing 
E d u cation /1 5 1 7 N. M a in / 7 3 4 -7 3 1 I, ext. 345/6x3o-9:3o p.m. Mon A Wed beginning Feb. 14/$ 2 5 . 

IXPMSS H iW $ SUNDAY XAGAZINl-Ub. IL lt77 OPAGI J 

 s a /J ny; I HE Hi M K I ES im be<'»niinu an n c r mon* p o p u lar -p o rt iii the 
197os. Vin! w hile industry sp o k e s m e n say the crow d* are dow n this 

M a so n , trav elers k eep in g th e ir vacation plans iii the H o o k ies a re finding' ad eip iate snow aud the a d d e d p leasu re o f m ore ro o m to m ove a ro u n d in. 

Toni In g rah am 
Feb l l . 12, and 13 

KATHY HODGES 
163 A ppleton 
JOHN JA Y HIGH SCHOOL 
Kathy Hodges has distinguished herself as a leader at John Jay High 
School in the drama department, extra-curricular activities and scholastics. 

Having starred in such plays as Alice in W onderland. Little Women and 
Antigone, drama is Kathy’s first love. She has received a certificate of award in speech and a certificate of excellence in oral interpretation at a summer workshop at Stephen F. Austin State University. 
In tournament competition, she earned a first place in one-act plays at' district and area University Interscholastic League tourneys and has been named to the all-star cast in both district and regional contests. She has been named outstanding Jay speech student. Kathy’s talents even expand to directing, as *he assisted in a presentation of “The Wizard of Oz.” 
She participates in the Lackland and Fort Sam Houston little theaters. 
Kathy also served as president of Jay’s International Thespian Society and corresponding secretary of the state organization. 
In addition, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles U. Hodges was elected president of her senior class. She is a member of the National Honor 
Society, Spanish Club and Mu Alpha Theta. 

Chaplain of her Christian Youth Organization, Kathy also enjoys swim­ ming and skating. She plans to major in drama and minor in Knglish at either Baylor, Trinity or Stephen F. Austin. She will soon be honored by the Optimist Club for her achievements. 

M yron Floren and A nacani 
Feb 18, 19, and 2o 
Feb 18, 19, and 2o 
Special Guest Stars 

M ickey CiU ey 
Feb 14, 15, and 16. 
K aren W heeler 
Feb 17 

Attend The 28th Annual San Antonio 
K S H O W 
ODEO 

JOI FREEMAN COLISEUM f e b r u a r y 11 2o 1977 

C O N C IK A T U L A T IO N S.. 
MTtTtl 

PAG! 4 fXPffSS NIWS SUNDAY AAAGAZINf— Feb. IS, 1977 

For ticket information call 22$ 4237 

1 Montgomery Ward Sear* Katlivon * Wertem Wear I... Freeman I ,>li*eum 
- — •••OC**** Matinee* s4tur4ay and li t1 
. A , 
& 
I 
M a rt., M 
Matinee* 2 P M Friday Feb ll S V M Saturday j ,,b p 
Sigh! Mw** Feb l l -2oal 7 3o P M 
V 
* 
TlcfcM IM rtm All beal. Kc*rr*ra Bakun* Ro** I lo u *• Bakony K,,** ll Ii *1 so, n 
SO I rues »rn I uvU* j ti* admi ^ in on 

Rent-a-home Aloha holidays 

Honolulu 
Amu*, brurida! Looks like an expensive year all over the world. Inflation eating up Europe*. Run­ away Mexico inflation rapidly overtaking the devalued peso. 
Strikes in Italy. Higher prices in France. 
Condominium rentals are THE thing in Hawaii. lf you have a family, breakfasts and lunches at home will save your life, (let folders from 
BOTH of these: 
Creative Leisure. Free 

Around the World 

By STAN DELAPLANE 

 phones (8oo) 227-429o 
California (8(H)) 652-144o. 
United 
Airlines has them. too. 
Condominiums U n li­ mited: All westerns Air­ lines offices will mail it to you. (Rentals should be booked through travel agents. Lot easier.) 
I ve done both. Condo­ miniums in the islands 

 are new. modern and on beaches. 
(Hawaii 
Is overbuilt with condos and prices are GOOD. 
Owners lighting to rent them out.) 
Condominiums U n li­ mited builds a free car rental into the price. 
Creative Leisure will get you a car 
Also has condominiums for rent 

 in Mexico: Puerto Val- larta. Acapulco, Mazat- lan. Guadalajara. 
In 
Great 
Britain , 
Farmhouse Accommoda­ tions. Some of these sound like estates. In ­ clude grouse shooting. 
Salmon fishing. Others more modest. List from 
British Tourist Authori­ ty, RSO Fifth Avenue, New 
York City 1oo19. 
Same for 
Ireland through Irish Tourist Of­ fice. 59o Fifth Avenue, 
New York City 1oo36. 

Had my children in two of these. They helped milk cows. Picked up eggs Had a great time. 
And another in Ire ­ land: Irish-Rent-A-Cot- tage from the 
Irish 
Tourist Office. Thatched 
Irish cottages with |>cat fires — (but an all-elec­ tric modern kitchen) — in the best Irish villages 
They're called para­ ders In Spain. Pousadas in Portugal 
Live in a remodeled castle at cot­ tage prices. Spanish Na­ tional Tourist Office, 665 
CB e ts a re tu rn in g to h a m se ts 

CB Convac 

(H ers by the thou­ sands are leaving citi­ zens band for the more complicated and, to some extent, more rewarding amateur radio system. 
They've been turned off by the rudeness of many fellow ( Bors, bla­ tant disrespect for the law and the sometimes disappointing range of 
CB transceivers. 
“ There are probably 
25.ooo people taking amateur (radio) courses now, compared with 
3,(MHI to 4,(MIO taking them in 1974,” says Charles 
Harris, club and training manager for the Ameri­ can Radio Relay League, a nationwide club repre­ senting 132.ooo am a­ teurs. or hams as they're usually called. 
“ About 9o per cent of these new hams are coining out of CB.” he estimates. 
Consider Je rr y and 

By INK DIPPER 

Editor o f The CH Titnes-Joiirnal 

Lillie Murchison, who bought CB equipment four years ago, well be­ fore the explosion of in­ terest in CB that has increased in CB that has increased 1o-fold the number of people on the band. 
“ Jerry could call me and say he was 
3o minutes from home, and 
I could start dinner,” says Mrs. Murchison. 
But since that time , 
CB has become congest­ ed. Many operators use overpowered equipment, obscene language and bad manners. 
The Murchisons sold their 
CB equipment 
(which cost about $35o) and bought amateur gear for nearly twice as much. 
Now they can communi­ 

 cate vvilh “ friendly, po­ lite. vv ii I ing-to - help* * hams who may be on the other side of town or the other side of the world. 
But switching to ham isn’t as easy as just spending some money. 
Hams have to I m * able to send and receive the In­ ternational Morse (’ode at speeds that vary with the four classes of li­ censes. And they also have to know radio theory and techniques which grow more com­ plicated with each license step. 
Of course each license step also allows hams more freedom. While 
(’Hers are limited to four watts of transmitting power, many hams are able to use up to l.IMMi 

 watts. 
They communicate with faraway hams in technically exotic ways 
— bounding their signals off satellites or the moon in some instances. And while, like CBers, they help other people, hams assist iii emergencies 
■ which occur thousands of miles away. They relay messages, tie in distant hams with telephone communications and pick up distress calls from aircraft, ships at sea and scientific expe­ ditions. 

People who’vc been in ham radio for years are feeling the CB-relatcd growth. Old-time hams complain about the crowding of their pre­ viously wide open air­ waves. There is also hostility among hams towards CBers. They re­ sent the CBers because obtaining a license is no more complicated than filling out a form and mailing it to the right address. 

But hams have begun to w e b time ( Hers. 
“ We're all for it," says 
H arris of the A RRI.. 
“ CBers are like convert­ ed alcoholics. They know how bad it G on the other side. 

“ They bend over to do as good job as hams. They come in with less know­ ledge but more enthu­ siasm, and they turn into excellent hams." 
And many hams also become CBers. They see advantages in having a 
CB unit on the highway and being able to reach someone locally without searching the fre­ quencies for contact. 
But don’t count on these hams admitting 
' that they also have CB rigs, especially while talking to other hams. 
Harris, for instance, is a ('Ber. “ A tremendous number of hams are 
CBers” he says, “ but a lot of us are a little re­ luctant to admit it until we find out the other guy is too." 

A PERFECT GIFT FOR YOUR 
FAVORITE VALENTINE^ 

TWELVE OF JIM CROCE’S OREA? LOVE SONGS 
BROUGHT TOGETHER IN ONE ALBUM 

 lf KR/./V S 
Italian Ko- 
BluneM iue M a ltlia e u * 
( L u r c h b le n d - in g e o m e tr ic h a rm o n y with tin* sp artan line* o f Mien* van d er R o h r V 
New N atio n a l G a lle ry , a 
M piare. gla-s and steel p a v ilio n - I roe I ore n e ar tin- h isto ric ch u rch . 

TIME IN A BOTTU jim atoars g r eatest lo ve s o n g s 

FEATURING: 
Time In A Bottle 
I’ll Have To Say I Love You In A 
Song 

Cross 

Fifth Avenue, New York 
11)o2o Portuguese Tour­ ist Office, 57o Fifth 
Avenue, New York 1oo36 
“ What do you think about renting a ca iii lier in Furope?" 
I think it’s a good idea 
If you take the cannier to one place and PA R K 
Gasoline is running ar­ ound $2 a gallon. If you drive a lot. it will eat you up. 
Europe is loaded with campgrounds. 
Some free. Some private ren­ tals. Europeans don’t ga out for tile primitive life we think of in camping. 
They camp on bar­ bered lawns. In tents that look like colored supply parachutes. Their clothes are by Cardin, their sandals by Gucci. 
They're beautiful, by heaven! 
National tourist offices have lists for their own countries. Best look is 
"All About Camping in 
Europe.” $4 95 from Ha­ lo Publications, Inc., 
P.O. Box 1o14, G r a s s 
Valley, CA 95945 
“ What s the best way to get our mail in 
Europe?" 
I alw ays used Ameri­ can Express — you still 

 long. You wait and wait and wait. Easier to have it sent care of “ Paste 
Restante" at the city vv lu re you’ll he. 
Ihis is like our “ Gen­ eral Delivery". There’s a 
“ Poste Restante” win­ dow rn every posi office no matter what the local language is Even Eng­ land uses “ Poste Res­ tante’' 
Au alternative Have it sent “ Hold For Arrival” at the biggest hotel iii town. Ask for your mail at the eoneierge's desk. 
(Hall porter i i i england and Ireland ) lf there’s mail waiting for you, give him a dollar for his 
I rouble, I Ie' ll adore you. 
Yes, vv itll a lot of in­ troductions in advance from your bunk. ll s too much trouble Travelers* cheeks cash anywhere. 
Aud on Sunday when hanks are closed 
W hile nobody will 
( ASH your check, most tourist shops will TAKE your personal cheek Iii the exact amount for what y'nu buy I’ve given a cheek of $5o1) for a 
S w i s s watch 
No prob­ lem. They just asked lo see my passport. 

Featuring: Big Bird, cookie 
2 
Monster and other Muppet 
Characters from "Sesame Street.' £ £ £ £ . 2 T 

S.A. CONVENTION CENTER 

WED., MARCH 2 THRU SUN., MAR. 6 

A L A S K A 
CRUISE-ToUR 
U 

”7 ”7 J* Sir Anton,o 
, / / J o*(*rta»e 
Go auth AAA Jon* 27 o r A 13 Aly cruise tout OI Amene* s U t! hon!in Cons* th* Inside Pts**** abow) the lumnous MS RAonwch 
SUK. * then filii Whitehorse 
Fairbanks Kotzebue lay Nome and GUctei •** Poe* include* transportation first class hotels sightseeing and all meals aboard ship 
•IV’JI-#.- 

WOHL O 
WI DL n a .e l »»««< r 

323 Spnrsa* Ion* 

WED., MAR 2......... 8 
P JI. 

THURY, MAR. 3 . . . 8 P M. 

FRI., MAR. 4 ........... 8 RJA 

SAT., MAR. S 
2 PJA. 

SAT , MAR S 
8 P.M. 

SUN., MAR. 6 ......... 2 
P M 

P R IC E S : 
J # OO 

TAX INCLUDED 
O 

’ CHILDREN 
12 and under 

HALF PRICE 

ALL 
PERFORMANCES. 

$ 
5 
° ° 
$ 4 OO 

ORDER BY MAIL 

PIMM enclose stamped, self addressed envelop* and ?V« handling charge far prompt and safe delivery of your tickets 

H O L ID A Y O N IC I 
P .O . B O X 6 5 8 8 
S a n A n to n io , T e x a s 7 8 2 o 9 

Mot. I ] rmnauaiarise ■ 

Iv y G FU est Feta* 

Mot □ HAMI 
Ug □ 

 a t a l LOM* t w a t s 

Far r« Lot • I 

AUOtf VV 

 cm 
STAT! lit 

FO R IN F O R M A T IO N C A LL 2 2 5 - 6 3 5 1 
I 

EXPRfSS-NfWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—I»b 13, 1977 
PAG! S 

Queen’s accession celebrated topic 
M KO!’*: i 
IIAKTKItS 

Low Cost Spring & Summer Charters 

For Example: Round Trip London 

 f 
Air Fare Only 
\ 
$ JR 
I Two Week Stay J from i f 
^ 
/ 

M A K E R E SE R V A T IO N S N O W ! 

For M ore Info rm a tion O n O th e r 
Charters Call: (51 2) 8 2 8 -8 1 OI 

W o r l d T i b v c l 

C e n t e r ' 53o8 BROADWAY 
SAN ANTONIO, KAAS 782o9 
82M1o1 

The first of the much heralded Silver .Jubilee stamps comm em orating the 25th anniversary of 
Queen Elizabeth ll s ac­ cession to the throne was issued by B erm uda on 
Feb. 7. 
B e rm u d a an no un ced three special stamps .for this royal celebration. 
The full color set of th ■'ce are in denominations of five cents, 2o cents and 

Stamps 

From A sso c ia te d Press 

SPAIN 
CHARTER 
$779 

Go with AAA Sept 27 on a 16 

 day tour of Madrid. Seville 

 and the Costa del Sol Puce 

 includes round trip air, first 

 class hotels, breakfasts daily. 
Sitfhtsecinp, and mole 
WORLD 
WIUC „„ 

323 Spencer tone 

 one dollar. 
The fiv e -c e n te r fe a ­ tures the Queen during her state visit to Berm u­ da in February 1975. She is seen a d m irin g the p a n o ra m ic view from 
Gibb’s Hill. 
This spot is now known as “ Q ueen’s View" in honor of Her Majesty’s visit. 
The 
2o-cent s ta m p b e a rs the g r e a t gold crown known as King 
Edward s Crown. 
It contains some 44(1 precious and sem i-p re­ cious ston es w eighing nearly five pounds. 
The original crown is believed to have been that of Edward the Con­ fesso r 
(re ig n e d 
1o42-1o66) but was dis­ mantled in 1649. 
However, its nam e and tra d itio n s live in the crow n show n on the stamp which was made 

 for Charles II and has been used in every cor­ onation ceremony since that time. 
The one-dollar a d h e ­ sive illustrates the Queen in her “ Chair of E state” in Westminister Abbey. 
She is seen surrounded by the Bishops of D ur­ ham. Bath and Wells, plus her Maids of Honor. 
Coin collectors will be interested to know that the 19(17 Indian Head $2o gold pattern coin, valued at one million dollars by its current owner, is on public displays at the Old 
Mint M useum in San 
Francisco 

11 pr Ma/c-.st y at Quecftv View 
BERMUDA 

: A 
S H K H R 
- c c 
1 b R J U IH L .E E 
J 

It is on loan to the 
There is much mystery museum for six months attached to this piece. It in c e le b ra tio n of the was co m m issio n ed by completion of the restor- P re s id e n t 
T h eo d o re at ion of the Old Mint. a Roosevelt, who rejected national landmark build- the design in favor of the ing. standing Liberty figure. 

Introducing iTVailways’1977 
{Escorted Tours 

 s336o 

S7 2 6 o 

 per person, double occupancy 

♦ per person, double occupancy 

Guadalajara 
4 days/3 nights, plus airfare, from 
Guadalajara/Puerto Vallarta 
8 days/7 nights, plus airfare, from 

 lf you want to see the real Mexico, we’ve got the best tours going. To Guadalajara, the home of the mariachis, and the most Mexican city in Mexico. We give you four days to take it all in, with three nights at the Hotel Penis. And at these prices, you can afford to see a lot more. S i take our tour to Puerto Vallarta, too. And we'll give you four nights at the Hacienda del Lobo. At the lowest price going. And on Ixith tours-, you get welcome cocktails, full breakfasts every day, sightseeing, night club cover charges, and more. Another big extra: when you fly with us, theres no added airfare for the stopover in Guadalajara. 
S i M-e your travel agent. Send us this coupon. Or call 8oo-421-83o1, toll-free, for reservations. And get going yourself. 

Mexicana \ n lines. 431 N. St. Mary's, San Antonio, TX 782o5. 

I c! like to get going myself. Send me more information about your tours. 
□ To Guadalajara 
T o m c o p e i t s m x i h e j a o 
□ To Guadalajara Puerto Vallarta t o i r c o d e i t 6 M X i h f m o 

Name— 
—— 

City 

M i travel agent i« 

Addn- 

State 
_ Phone 
_ 

* Special promotional prices effective thru 2-2 8 . 
'SA E 2 13 

II 
II I 

“ll 

I I 
!1 

 ii ii iii 

Listed below is a .sample of our 1977 escorted motorcoach tours. Check the boxes of the tours that interest you and mail along with our coupon to the address below. 
1 

□ N atchez P ilg rim a g e /Ex a n ­ geline < Country • <> days, 
March 21. Includes New 
Orleans. antebellum homes. 

NX a r lin g to n , W illiunishiirg it th e S o u th - IT davs. April 
2. Features Disney W orld. 
< harleston. \\ illiani-lmrg. 
\\ ashingtou. 

□ M ex ico - I I days, Monthly departures. Includes M exico t it\ . \< apiih o. Taxeo. 

□ W e**teni T re a su re s • 19 day- 
Ju n e 11: July 3o. Features 
^ o«einite. San Francisco. 
Disney lamb 

□ F a s te n ! I a m u la /N e w 
E n g la n d - 22 day-. J u n e I I: 
Julv Hi. Highlight!, T h o u sa n d 
Islands. M ontreal. Q uebec. 

□ ^ c lio w s to n e / "Felons / B lac k 
Hills - I I da\«. Ju n e 25; Julv 
3o. I Delude- Mt. K u-huiore. 
Royal Gorge, \-p en . 

□ V i n a S c o tia - 22 d a\s. July 23. 
Features Halifax. Bar H a rb o r. 
New England. 

I I ( .o ld e n W c -t - I 7 d a\s, J nile 5; 
July 3 
17. H ighlights 
G araliad Caverns. Disticvland. 
U s \ cga«. 

 lJ New E n g la n d / E a s t e r n Gaii- a d a - J u n e I I: July 2 vN 23. include* Jam estow n. M ount 
V ernon. Statue of Liberty. 

I want 1977 to include the best vacation I*vc ever had. Send me more information on the lours I ve indicated. 

I 
Fly Mexicana to Mexico. For the best tours going. 

A 

I 

Name 

Address 

City 
Contact your Travel Agent or 

State 
Zip 
Trailw ays 

 agent «tf Continental Trailways Tours. Inc / hallways Travel Bureau ( *«p 

The airline most people fly to Mexico. 

PAG! 6 fXPRISS-NfWJ SUNDAY MAGAZINI—Fab. 13, 1977 

• B t 
I 4 B MI t i t A n e w fo c e co m e s to d o w n fo w n i . A ;' 1 

LOS ANGELES - To the e a st, palm tre e s fram e the burgeoning s k y s c r a p e r s with the 

T A L L 7 3 6 - 4691 

 backd rop of snow -co­ vered mountains. 
To the w est, the mountains give way to a clear vista of the Pacific 
Ocean as it cradles the bluffs of Santa Monica. 
This is Los Angeles 

EUROPE 
CHARTER 
£ Q Q C ,,um 
« P % 7 { J 
Hou .Ion 

Go with AAA August 19 on a carefree 16 day tour of three 
European capitals 
Amster­ dam. Brussels and Paris Price includes round trip air. first class hotels, continental breakfast daily, sightseeing and more 

W O RLD 
WIDE •ravel agency 

3 2 3 Spencer Lane 

 downtown, a new jewel in the crown of the City of 
Los Angeles. 
T h is new downtown has taken shape after years of careful planning by the city and county. 
The stellar beginning of this Renaissance was the M u sic C en ter. 
A com p lex of three theatres, the center has done much to bring a new sense of “ theatre” to the g r e a te r 
Los 
Angeles area. 
Such prestigious resi­ dent companies as the 
Los A n g eles P h i lh a r ­ monic Orchestra. Center 
Theatre Group and the 
Civic Light 
Opera Com­ pany provide en tertain ­ ment year ’round at rea­ sonable prices. 
Down the road from the Music Center, just 

 between the new “ m-ci- ty * * a p a rtm e n ts of 
Bunker Hill, is the World 
Trade Center. 
The center is the first privately financed trade ce n te r in the U nited 
States. 
Its sculptured concrete mural, stretching the full length of the center, de­ picts the history of free trade from pre historic to modern times. 
Free, guided tours are available. Aud with the cen ter gath erin g such countries as Brazil and 
Great Britain for inter­ national trade n eg otia­ tions, shoppers will find 
LA ’s downtown World 
T ra d e 
C en ter an em porium of Copenha­ gen crystal. Philippine wood carvings and .la- panese coral._____________ 

MAC DAVIS 
SONC PAINTER including 
In The Ghetto/M em ories,'Daddy s Little Man 
Whoever Finds This, I Love You. Half And Half 
Albums 
2.99 
TAPES 
4.29 

Johnny Gishs 
(iratest I lits Nill u i ne I 

JOHNNY HORTON’S 
☆ GREATEST HITS / 

THE BATTLE OF NEW ORLEANS 
WHEN IT S SPRINGTIME IN ALASKA 
(It's Forty Below) 
NORTH TO ALASKA/SINK THE BISMARK 
I M REAOX IF YOU'RE WILLING 

GUNFIGHTER 
BALLADS 
AND T R A IL SON GS 
M A RTY 
R O B BIN S 

 in clu d in g 

El P aso 

C ool W ater 

H an g in g M e T on ig h t 

In the V alley 

Billy the Kid 

 including: 
Ja ck so n /R in g Of F ire 
O ran g e B lossom Special 
It A in't Me, B a b e /I W alk T h e L in e 

O ther titles available 

 b y 
• Johnny Cash 
• Chuck W agon Gong 
• Ray Price e Tommy W ynette 
• Barbara Madrell 

Hits 
Tammy 
Wynette 

 including. n i-v-o R-c t 
Apartm ent **• 
Your Good I iirl\ 
Gonna Go Bad 
Almont 
I 
IVrsuatlcd 
,\ 
Stand B n 
\_L, 
Your Man 
( 

W ILLIE N E L S O N 
T H E T R O U B L E M A K E R including: 
Unctoudy Day When The Roff Is Catted Up Yonder 
Will The Circle B e Unbrokenfln The Garden 
Free iou* M entone* 

Mu xif Kcuf Place 
TONITE! AT THE CAPRI LOUNGE 
LORETTA NAGGERS inducting 
Baby Boy Vitamin L/ANI Cen Do 
Oofd In The Ground/CoAe And ChgM 

TAM M Y W Y N E T T E 
YO U A N D M E including 
Every Nom And Then 
The Hawaiian Wedding Song (Ke Kali Net Aul 
Je * u * Send A Song One Of T h e*# Day* 
OiKielandi You WiM Never Die) 
V 
EPIC 

JCPenney 

South Fork Moll 
Son Antonio 
Windsor Pork Moll 
Son Antonio 
Oak Pork Shopping Cantor 
Soguin 

Los Angeles downtown has the distinction of en compassing three ethnic communities. The best known of these is Olvera 
Street — the birthplace of Los A ngeles. L A ’s humble beginning is ac­ tually a block-long cobb­ lestone s tre e t in the heart of Old Los Angeles. 
Vet the street is alive with m a ria ch i m u sic, colorful pinatas and ser­ apes. 
T h e ow ners of these individual stalls are fo u rth -g en eratio u 
A n gelenos, th eir f a ­ milies, part of the ori­ ginal settlers. 
The Oriental influence is represented by Little 
Tokyo and Chinatown 
LA’s Japanese commun­ ity is the largest outside of Japan 
And 
Chinatow n, its 
Mandarin int luenceevery- where. is a delightful step into another world. 
Shops and restauran ts are plentiful in all of these communities. 
For strollers, city em ­ ployees on their lunch 

Travel world’s 

 uncom-romising 

SOUTH AMERICA 

Visiting: Colombia, lcuado', Peru. 
•olivia, Chile, Argentina, Brazil. 
Panama. Venezuela, and the 
Galapugot Island-. 

Deluxe Teen: eleven different all inclusive fours, fully escorted by congenial and experienced tow managers Over I2S departures horn 
16 to 2V days for your convenience and planning 

Hotels: To insure your soft si aition, only the finest botels ore reserved for yow comfort the luxurious Sheraton in the heart of luenos Atees or the fantastic beachfront at the tio 
Intercontinental, ta the guauit Liao 
Uao Hotel high in the mountains at 
•ordacha 

Outing: A la Carte throughout, breek fest, lunch end dinner every day front M y af the exquisite restaurants hi your hotel Order what gee went when you want it. 
Aha, spacial dining occasions where you cm lever local cuisine 
_ ifs all iadeded in ane prtca. 

Spacial features lr awlwortsv 12 yean af travel planning asswes you af all the must things Ie do and see. including many of the tittie known but long remembered experience that make fravehvortd tows lh ultimate in hovel Skim by h dr of od across lake I ti Kau, visit t*e lost cities of btu Inspire high rn lh, Andes and ride the cake car eg It Avila ar camp ta the heart af the Ar mum _ ifs ad included 

Compare, lecture by feature, you'N be con maced of tho value rn traveling 
•fib Iroveiaarid, afrete yew enjoyment means e acrid hi us." 

Send today for yew hee personal copy of the 62 page color brochure 
Trovelaartd t South America IW 

'? u lle x * 7 % cu A ct 

/tfC H 
C ty . 
*7 M C. 

B I S I BROADWAY 
8 2 8 - 6 3 1 I 

 hour or sightseers, LA's new downtown 
M all should not be missed. 
Some call it the hallmark of inner-city planning and developm ent. T h e two-level Mall, adjacent to City Hall, weaves a blend of dandelion water fountains, lush tropical g a rd e n s and re ta il stores. A six-story T r i ­ folium theme sculpture will b ro a d ca st m u sic against the backdrop of this new, downtown Los 
Angeles. 
While shopping has al ways been an attraction downtown, it’s a prime 
\ lsitor attraction today 
ARC O Plaza, a 52 story twin office building, fea­ tures the largest subter­ ran ean shopping c o m ­ plex in the world. 
Nest led one floor below street level. ARCO Plaza is a maze of intimate* b o tiq u es, fa sh io n a b le m en’s stores and superb dining establishments. 

A few blocks away in a red brick block, B ro a d ­ way Plaza has brought the sotting of Italy to Los 
A ngeles. T h e c en te r is set amidst gas lights, a two-story stained glass skyline and a profusion of co n tin u a lly b lo o m in g flowers 

Am i. .in G p tr x I m f Vue IU7* 

The first-timer’s 
Europe-from 
American Express 

12-Country Carnival 
22 Days, *121o *1429 

Inrlmie* round-trip air fare from Sail Antonio. 
A great value! Travel Europe’* most famous sights. See 12 countries, get hotels for 2 o nights, most meals, in-depth sightseeing and the security of Am erican Express* experience along the way. Rates per person, double occupancy. 15-day advance booking. 

Europe Magnificent* 

22 D ays, * 1 5 1 1-*1844 
Includes round-trip air fare from San Antonio. 
An Am erican Express* escorted holiday in 
France, M onaco, Italy, A ustria, Switzerland, 
G erm any, Holland, England. First-class hotels for 2 o nights, most meals, Rhine cruise, more. Rates per person, double occupancy. 15-day advance booking. 

I i s 

 adaw—. Cav. sue*- 

IXPtfSS NEWS SUNDAY IBAGAZIkl-lak. 13, 1977 
PAGI I 

A tale of the returning 
2-34 cam era 

Have you heard? M edium form at has been given new life. 
Small form at, 35mm and HO pocket c a m e r a s 
( 1 6 m m ) a p p e a r e d to be dealing a d eath blow to 2-*4 inch m e ­ dium sized ca m eras. But in the past two years these so called “ professional c a m e ra s " have m ade a strong com e­ back. 
M edium form at i* generally twice as expen­ s e e as 35mm. 
T he c a m e r a s and lenses a re u sually about twice as o s te n s iv e for c o m p a rab le eq u ip m en t and film is twice as expensive per fram e But are they twice as good? 

PROBABLY NOT. 
But th ere a re som e a d ­ v a n ta g e s 
It is th e s e a d \ o u t a g e s w h ich a r e causing tin* boom in 2-H inch c a m e ra p opulari­ ty- 
Im age quality has alw ays been superior with m edium form at cam eras. A negative four tim es larger than 35m m can resolve detail not possi­ ble with sm aller negatives. if Dux Kl lle m m in g s in Blow-up had been us­ ing a H asselblad instead of a Nikon the body limier the tree would have been identifiable. 
T h is d oesn t p iea n that N ikon isn t a fine cam era ll is But negative im ag e size is limited. 
With equal quality, the sam e film and sam e exposure, a photograph taken with a 2-*4 inch f o r m a t c a m e r a w ill b e s h a r p e r a n d f in e r grained because less e n larg em en t is necessary. 

THIS ll \S ALW \Y S BUEN the clincher for professionals. E as e of handling and light weight have been less im portant than im age quality for the m an m aking a buck with his cam era . 
Today s a m a te u r has discovered som e other gin id reasons to use m ed iu m form at. 
P rices have drop|>ed. As 35mm c a m e ra s have been m ad e m ore sophisticated prices have risen considerably. 
The alway s-expensive 2-*4 c a m e ra has bene* fntcd from a m a te u r interest and m ass production has kept p rices stab le or dropped them slightly. 
Flash sync is possible at all speeds on most m ed iu m form at cam eras. Even those with focal p lan e s h u t t e r s o ffer one or two le n s e s w ith built-in shutters that syncronize with electronic flash to 15tMltl) of a second. Fast enough even for bright sun. 
S u p e r s lid e s a r e p o s s ib le w ith 2 -H film . 
Breaking the monotony of strong horizontal and vertical pictures with a big sq u are slide adds interest to slide shows. 

Photo Tips 

W i t h Ron 
Jones 

WITH INCREASED INTEREST by a m a te u rs 
(they a r e th e p h o to g r a p h e r s w ith m o n ey to spend on e q u ip m e n t), c a m e r a m a n u fa c tu re rs have m ad e an effort to shave off excess weight from m ed iu m form at equipm ent. 
Not only is today’s 2-H inch c a m e ra s lighter. it handles easier and ap p ro ach es 35mm picture boxes in speed and accessories. 
A trick that com es easy on 12o film is the Mail 
Mary! 
Don't look to F en n in g er for elaboration on this method. I believe i f s original. At least purely practical. 
W hen you m u st shoot blind — not looking through the view finder — in photography it is called a “ Hail M a ry .” You point the c a m e ra , trip the sh u tter and pray. 

WHEN SHOOTING OVER a crowd (as d uring 
P resid en tial visits), hold the c a m e ra at a r m s le n g th o v e r h e a d a n d h o p e y o u r s u b j e c t is som ew here on the negative. T he w ider the lens the g re a te r the chance but the sm aller the su b ­ ject on the film. 
It seem s like you c a n ’t win. Like ju m p in g out of a burning airplane without a parachute. 
With 2-i4- your p a rac h u te is larg er form at. 
Im age size on film is dependent on subject distance and focal length of the laking lens lf you use a 5omm lens on a 35m m c a m e ra that is considered a norm al lens. 
A 5omm lens on a 2-l 4 inch c a m e ra is consi­ dered a w ide angle. 
But two negatives m ad e from the sa m e dis. la n c e w ith th e s e tw o c a m e r a s a n d p r in te d without m oving the e n la r g e r or c h a n g in g e n ­ larger lenses, will In* the sam e. 

THE MKDIl M FORMAT n eg ativ e will in­ clude a bunch m ore set'ne around the subject but everything in the picture will be the sa m e size on the negative. 
Consider the possibilities. 
G rad shots and Hail M ary 's are twice as easy. 
F a st m o v in g s u b j e c t s c a n be m o r e loosely fram ed with no loss of quality, .lust point and shoot. Leave tight fram in g to the e n la rg er lf you are bored with 1.5 to I ratio pictures, think sq u a re. Moll film c a m e r a s a re co m in g back and i f s alioul time. 

‘Inspector’ survives 

 u t rut mn by th. photo subject u 
In lier captured Im lite 2 1 I inch rallier#* the m edium form at picture box which is Hie focus o f a recent resurgence in photography p u p il* 

M G I I 
Uturns NfWS SUNDAY M A G A ZIN E-^ 
1977 

 lardy. H ere fibrin < a lia * a y in caught by u .‘{Bunn lens OI I a m ed iu m t o r mat n eg a tiv e; n o tice Un­ lo o se fram in g w hich in su red a su rer picture with few er accuracy r eq u ir e m e n t-. 

But play is all in its cast 

A play such as “ An Inspector f a l l s " succeeds, not so m uch because of its worth as a piece of theater, but because of the blind faith a cast has it in. 
“ An In sp ecto r f a l l s , ” in o t h e r w o r d s , w o r k s because the east believes it should. They believe in the play, which is. after a ll. a p ie c e of h e a v ily m o r a lis tic m e l o d r a m a , that th rea te n s with each new line to tu r n into a self-parody. And because they believe in the play, the audience does too. 
And its with a true be­ liever’s zeal that m ost of the east presents the play u n d e r R i c h a r d J o n e s ’ d irec tio n al the C h u rch 
Theater. 
J. B. P rie s tle y ’s play, written in the early 19oos. lacks the innate subtlety th at m o d e r n a u d ie n c e s ap p rec ia te. "A n In sp e c ­ to r f a l l s ” la y s o u t its m o r a l les s o n w ith th e m ethodical su ren ess of a brick-layer. 
It begins with a happy occasion, a well-to-do fa­ mily. who if not likeable a r e w e ll-b e h a v e d , c e le ­ b ra tin g the e n g a g e m e n t of th e ir d a u g h te r to an e q u a lly w e a lth y y o u n g m an T he celeb ratio n is in te rru p te d by the a r r i ­ val of an Inspector Goole. 
It se e m s that a young p r e g n a n t w o m a n h a s killed herself by drinking d is in f e c ta n t, a p a r t i c u ­ larly painful Way to go. 
T he inspector painfully exposes the way in which each one of the persons at the c e le b r a tio n e n c o u n ­ tered the girl and contri­ buted to her suicide. 
T h e f a th e r , a c o n s e r ­ vative b u sin e ssm a n who b e lie v e s in lo w er c o sts and h ig h er prices, fired th e g i r l a f t e r s h e organized a strike lo get an extra three shillings a week. 
The d au g h ter in a chil­ dish p iq u e had th e g irl fired from her next job. 
T h e d a u g h t e r ’s f ia n c e m a d e th e g irl h is m i s ­ t r e s s b r ie f ly a n d th e n dropped tier. 
T h e f a m i l y 's son im* p r e g n a te d th e g irl and s to le m o n e y f r o m h is father-firm to support h e r u ntil the girl found out aud refu sed tain ted m o n e y . P r e g n a n t , th e girl went to a ch aritab le co m m ittee headed by tile m o th e r, who re fu s e d to a id th e g ir l on th e g rounds that the c h ild 's tallier should help her. 
None of these facts are re a lly g iv in g aw ay th e story. T he plot d e v elo p ­ m en ts are telegraphed to th e a u d ie n c e w ith o b ­ vious clu es. T h e r e ts a last twist to the story that is w o rth h a n g in g on to although it is also fairly predictable. 

WI S7 T K I v* ii Ii Duiinv S p ea r a- Hie in sp ec to r in te rr o g a te- M arianna Blaze in ** Mi In sp ec to r 
( a l l - . ” 

 the heav ily moody — al­ m o st m y s tic — a t m o s ­ p h e re the play w a s d e ­ signed to create. 

 morally and emotionally. loin Newton c a rrie s out the blandness* with s im ­ ple full-voiced vigor, but 
Mid by a c c e p tin g the ,s lin a b le to c r e a t e a p lay on its ow n t e r m s 
Jones and the east crea te an engrossing production th a t h a s a f a s c i n a ti o n born less out of the script than out oi the total d e ­ d ic a tio n of th e p e r f o r ­ m ances. 
K a th le e n 
C a u s e r is p a rtic u la rly im p re s s iv e as the daughter. Her role is less than a caricature. 
She and her brother are th e only o n e s w ho feel 

 m o re i n t e r e s t i n g c h a r ­ a cter than the sc rip t in­ dicates. 
Je rry F ard en gives the son a c u t t i n g e d g e of hateful in te n sity . F r o m the beginning of the play, one suspects that there is a turm oil beneath his ex­ terior. 
T h e on ly r e a l d i s a p ­ p o in tm e n t is 
Danny 
Spear in the crucial role of the in sp ecto r. As the g u ilt for t h e i r a c tio n s , o th e r c h a r a c t e r s p o in t 

Although only alxiut til) years old, “ Au Inspector 
Calls” is already a period piece. To try lo m ake it match the m o rality and the character su b tleties of the present is to deny the nature of the play. 
J o n e s ’ d irectio n gives tile play its head to rom p through its own p a rtic u ­ lar m ilieu. W hile Jo n e s d raw s out p e rfo rm a n ce s th at a r e as r e a lis tic a s possible given the play. he doest! I q u e r ie r with 

 a n d th e in te n s i t y of 
C o u s e r ’s e m o tio n set a s t a n d a r d by w h ich th e c o ld n e s s of th e o t h e r c h a r a c t e r s can be m e a ­ sured. 
The m other becom es a delicious ease of irony in 
M arianna Blaze s p erfor­ m ance. Blaze m ak es the m other a sim ple crea tu re u n a b le to c o m p r e h e n d even in the slightest how h e r a c t i o n s m ig h t be wrong. 
D a v id B o w en a s th e father m akes what could easily be a stick fig u re in to a f u ll- b o d ie d b e lie v a b le e m b o d im e n t of c o n s e rv a tiv e s e lf is h ­ n e s s . B ow en g iv e s th e c h a ra c te r fine overtones of true villainy. 
The rule of the fiance is th e le a s t m i n e a b le a s w ritten iii the script. It is a b la n d c h a r a c t e r — 

 out. th e in s p e c to r d o es not beh av e as an o r d in ­ a r y p o l ic e m a n , b u t 
S p e a r s p e r t b r m a n c e fails to find a consistent way for the inspector to liehave. The one note he hits most often is one of d e li b e r a t e a n t a g o n i s m , w hich te a r s aw ay w hat l ittle s u b t l e t y t h e r e m ig h t be fo u n d in th e play . 
"A n ln sp tv to r C alls” is c e r ta in ly not s t a r t l i n g dram a. It is fam iliar ami c o m fo rta b le , an d m u c h of its e n jo y m e n t c o m e s from w atching o n e’s ex* pectations for plot twists a n d c h a r a c t e r re v e la * lions tieing fulfilled. 
And it s a good oppor* t u n n y to w a tc h how a good cast and d ire c tio n can m a k e e v e n an old, tir e d sto ry fin d a new life, 

(Q c 
S n in u 

L1— Bz 
U) n i 

R o a r in g 
2os s o n g s a n d sk its along A ith a m e lo d ra m a spoof 
T h ro u gh Feb. 2o, F r i 4 Sat. at 
8: IS $3.5o Sun. At 6: 15, $2 S3. 

 o r e m s r; 

M O N : 
R O Y A L 
G A M B I T 
Southw est T e x a s State U n iv e rsi tv 
Studio Theater, Sa n M a rc o s, 
1-245-22o4. D r a m a of H e n ry V H I re p re se ntin g fe ud alism and his w ives re p re se n tin g facets ot 2oth 
C entury. T n ro u g h Sat. At 2.3o. 
S1-S2. 
W E D 
O N C E U P O N A M A T ­ 
T R E S S , 
F o r i 
S a m 
H o u s t o n 
I'tn yh o ose. W orth R d , F o rt Sa m 
H o u s t o n , 
2 2 1 -2 2 8 9 
M u s i c a l com edy h o se d on 
Tne P rin c e ss o d the P e a " W ed Sot thro ug h 
M a r. 5. At 8: IS. S3. 
F R I 
T H E A D V E N T U R E S O F 
B R E R 
R A B B I T , 
S I 
M a r y s 
U n iv e rs ity . 
S h o e s t r in g 
C e lla r, 
436 3o19 or 
436-31o5. 
Chela, en s play. Fe b 
18 2o B. 25-27. A 1 8. 
7 5o except Sot ti Su n al 2.3o 75 cents-Sl. 

Ill K H E M I H I i l l K 

F E B 
1 * 1 * 
T H E 
G O V E R N ­ 
M E N T 
I N S P E C T O R , 
T r 
!y u n iv e rsity Theater One, 73t iS or 756-8516. N ixotai G ogo l s a- tire of go v e rn m e n t b u ie a u c i. y. 
At b IS. $7 $4. 
F E B ll, 
IS- 2o: 
A N 
I N S P E C ­ 
T O R 
C A L L S . 
T h e 
C h e ch 
Theate- 115o S A la m o at W ic s, 
224-4o85 A m y ste rio u s inspector in v e stig a te s the su ic id e of a y o u n g g irl im p lic a t in g a re spec table fam ily. O p e n s at 6 3o buffet of 7, show at 8: 15, show without buffet at 3 p m . Sun. 
Tues T h u rs $7.95, F r i 4 Sat i8.9£. 
Su n S4 (2o or m o re S3.5o; 4o or m ore S3 on Sun.) F re e w ine a nd cheese on Sun. 
F E B It. W I N N I E T H E P O O H 
Sa n A n ton io Fin e A rts Center, 
3141 
N a c o g d o c h e s. 
M a c A r t h u r 
P io 2o, 653-7241. C h ild r e n s pipy 
$2 5o adults, S2 oo children. 
F E B 
13. 
18-2o 
G A S L I G H T 
G A I E T I E S , 
A n 
O ld -F a s h io n e d 
M e lo d ra m a 
E v e n in g 
M e lo d r a m o 
T h e a t e r . 
H e m i s F o i r 
P ic^a . 
224 4464 
G a y 
9os a n d 

Trinity U nive rsity. At 4 Free. 
SU N : 
O P E N H O U S E . C a rv e r 
C om m u n ity C ultu ra l Center, 226 
IM H a ck b e rry, 223 686! M u sic by 
So n A n to n io C olle ge M a r ia c h is ; 
Cellist, 
G ilberto 
M u n g u ia ; 
The D o n ald B ed ford C horale. 4-8. 
Free. 

S U N 
S A N A N T O N I O M A S - 
T E R S I N G E R S , 
U T 
H e a lt h 
Science 
Center 
A u d . 
225 6161. 
C arlisle 
F lo yd 
T he M a r t y r '; 
D v o ra k 
Se re n a d e ." a n d "K in g 
D o v ia 
G uest p e rfo rm e rs in­ clude R u sse ll R o ge rs, n a rra to r; 
M a ry D e n m an 
W itch of E n d o r; 
L in d a 
P o e t s c h k e , s o p r a n o . 
D io n n e 
C ia fte v . 
A lto ; 
R o g e r 
Bryant, tenor, anti Jaim e G ue r rero. boy allo. At 3. S4. 
S U N 
S A N A N T O N I O M U S I C 
T E A C H E R S A S S O C I A T I O N . San 
Antonio M u sic Co. John M oore, piano, and F lic k o W ilm ore, so p ran o At 3. Free. 
M O N & T U E S : S A N A N T O N I O 
S Y M P H O N Y 
K I N D E R K O N 
C E R T S . 
"V a le n tin e 
H e a rtstrings. 
H a rv e y 
G a r b e r c o n d u c tin g . 
225 6161. 
M o n at 9- 15 & IO: 3o a m.. Saint 
M a ry s H all M o n te sso ri School. 
94o1 
Storcrest; 
T u es at 
IO 3o a m . o iiin gu al concert, C a rd e n a s 
E a r ly 
C h ild h o o d 
C enter, 
33oo 
Ruiz ii 
SAT M E T R O P O L I T A N O P E R A 
N A T I O N A L C O U N C I L R E G I O N 
A L 
A U D I T I O N S , 
So n 
A n to n io 
College, 
M c A lliste r 
Aud. 
At 
8 
Free. 
S A T 
T H E 
C H O R O S M E N , 
L a u r ie 
A u d it o r iu m , 
T r in i t y u n iv e rsity, 696 241o. At 8. i3. 4 & 
S. 
S U N : 
B E N E F I T 
C O N C E R T 
B Y 
T H E 
S A N 
A N T O N I O 
C H A M B E R 
O R C H E S T R A . 
S o lo is t s : 
K a r e n S c h le m m e r 
T o ta n d . flu tist, a n d 
E u g e n e 
Row ley, pianist. U n d e r the dir ection of 
T e re n ce 
F rg z o r 
U T 
Health Science Center 
A u d ito r­ ium. 696-6421. 
At 3. A d u lts i3, students ii. 
S U N : 
T R I N I T Y 
C H O I R 
I N 
C O N C E R T 
W I T H 
G I L B E R T O 
M U N G U I A , M B P a r k e r Chapel. 

F R I - S U N : 
R A Y M O N D J O H N 
SO N D A N C E C O M P A N Y , C a rv e r 
C om m u n ity C u ltu ra l Center. 226 
N 
H a c k b e rry , 
223 6861 
F r i 
8. 
Sot at 7.3o. Su n at 2. Free. 

San Antonio 
Symphony 
Update .. 

Today m a s t e k s i n g e r s 
Master Series 
R O G E R M E L O N E conductor 
3:oo pm UT Health Science 
Center Auditorium 

Feb. 2 It J O H N N E L S O N C onductor n n * t 7 : 3 o pm Laurie Auditorium 
*8:3o pm Theater for the 
Perform ing Arts 

Feb. 27 C IT Y C O N C E R T 
F R E E 
Harvey Btskln conductor 
L U IS R IV E R A 
D A N C E C O M P A N Y 
7:3o pm Theater for the 
Perform ing Arts 
In cooperation with the 
Parka and Recreation Dept. 
City of San A ntonio 

TICKETS: 

Subscription Series $3 to $6.5o ] 

| M astersingers 
$4 

A lso available at Record H ole stores. 

S U N 
L I L L I E S 
O F 
T H E 
F I E L D . 
M u lti P u r p o s e 
R o o m , 
Trinity U nive rsity. At 3, 7 4 9:3o ii. 25 
S U N 
F L O R I D A 
C Y P R E S S 
S A N C T U A R Y 
- 
F I S H E A T I N G 
C R E E K , 
A la m o 
H e ig h ts 
H ig h 
S c h o o l 
A u d . 
69oo 
B r o a d w a y . 
226 5o1o. At 3 p m i2.75 
T U E S 
N O R T H . 
H E R I T A G E 
I N 
B L A C K ; 
A N C I E N T 
A F R I C A N S and T H E S E T H I N G S 
A R E O U R S , T h ird Flo or A u di forlorn, San A n to n io M a in 
L i­ b rary, 2o3 S. St. M a r y s St 
At 
12 15 4 7 Fre e 
W E D L E S 
V I L I N S 
O U 
B A L , 
T h iry A uditorium . O u r L a d y of the 
L a k e 
U nive rsity. 
At 
8: 15. i i SO 
W E D : 
T H A 
1138. 
G e o r g e 
L u c a s . d ir e c t o r . 
C h a p m a n 
G r a d u a t e 
C e n t e r , 
T r in i t y 
U nive rsity. At 7.3o. i i Sa n A n ­ tonio 
F ilm 
Society 
M e m b e rs. i i 5o public 
W E D 
W O R T H 
H O W 
M A N Y 
W O R D S . 
W a x a h a c h ie 
R o o m , 
Trinity U n iv e rsity 
At IO a m , 2 
& 4 F re e 
T H U R S 
A 
F R I : 
P I N K 
F L A M I N G O S . 
M u lt i P u r p o s e 
Room . Trin ity U n iv e rsity At 7 & 
9:3o 75 cents w< T rin ity ID, ti.25 public. 

M O N : 
R O Y A L 
L I P P I Z A N 
S T A L L I O N S . C on ve ntion Center 
A re n a 8286351 
At, 8 T ick e ts ot an J o ske s Ja m & Jelly G e n e ra l 
Store, A re n a d o * office i4, $5, i6, C h ild re n u nd e r 12 holt price. 
N o ch e ck s 
M O N - F R I : 
B L A C K 
H E R I ­ 
T A G E W E E K , Sa n A n ton io Col lege, 734-7311, ext 3o3 D isp la y ot paintings, literature a nd c ra fts in 
F ie sta R o o m ot Loftin Student 
Center 
P ro d u c tio n s of d ra m a . m u sic a nd d an ce at 7 p.m . M o n, 
Wed & 
F r i in M c C r e le s s A u d 
F o sh io n snow a nd d isco d an ce 
1-3 p m F n of E l A la m o R o o m ot 
Loftin Student Center. F re e 

T U E - T H U R S : 
R A Y M O N D 
J O H N S O N 
O A N V E C O M P A N Y 
R E S I D E N C Y . C a rv e r C o m m o n i tv C ultura l Center. 226 N 
H a ck b e rry , 
223 6861 
T u e s of 
IO 
M o vem e nt tor Athletes 
T u e s at 
2: M o v e m e n t tor A c to rs W ed at 
IO 
D a n ce E xe rc ise . W ed of 2 
C on c e rt 
T h o r at 
IO 
M a s t e r 
C la s s . 
T h o r a t 
2: 
L e c t u r e dem o n stratio n F re e 

F R I 
T H E U P S U R G E O P T H E 
U N D E R P R I V I L E G E D . Sa n A n tom© College. 
M o o d y 
L e a rn in g 
C en ter, 
B m 
52o 
L e c tu r e by 
A lfre d 
B o x e r 
Lew is, tre a su re r e m e ritu s of N A A C P At ll. F re e 

P R I F E R l l 
C I R C U S V A R ­ 
GAS. South P a rk M oll. 824 9276 
F n at 8, Sat a l ll 3o, (tree). I. 
4 3o, & I N ext Su n at 12 3o 4. A 
7 JO Fe b 21 of I. 4 3o A 8. F e b 
22 at 4 JO A 8 S3 SA 75. 

P R I 
G O S P E L M U S I C L E C ­ 
T U R E 
D E M O N S T R A T I O N 
C a r v e r 
C o m m u n it y 
C u l t u r a l 
C e n t e r , 
226 
N 
H a c k b e r r y , 
22 1 6861 P re se n te d bv K a th e rin e 
M o rg a n , c o fo u n d e r ol W a ile r* 
F o rd S in g e rs A l 2. Free. 

SUM 
LEVOLOR 
RIVIERA1 
BUNDS 

I b ex "r f H cM utiful! • 

 f r o m m itre d u n 

I t O i a lu re. 
John i#mofts 

T o m f n u t \ 

I :i ft <» feuel ( i r » y * o n h i. 

F E B 
23: 
F L A S H 
C A D I L L A C 
A N D 
T H E 
C O N T I N E N T A L 
K I D S , C o n v e n tio n C en ter 
B a n auef H all 828 6351 
SOS to e s n' roll a nd beer. At 8 
T ickets at 
J a m & Jelly G e n e ra l Store and 
A r e n a b o * office. 
Se SO p lu s se rv ic e c h a rg e tor se ating at tables of IO. 
F E B 27: 
G I S E L L E , Sa n 
An tonio Ballet Co.. In c a rn a te W ord 
C ollege A u d A l 3. $2.5o i4 
M A R J: S H E R L O C K H O L M E S . 
Theater of the P e rfo rm in g A it s 
T o u rin g c o m p a n y p rod u ctio n of detective thriller. 
At 
8 3o i3 $9 5o. 

 o i » 
E 
\ i \ ( ; 

M O N 
F R O S T B R O S S T O R E S , 
C alifo rn ia 77, exhibit of m ore than 
IOO p o in tin g s, d ra w in g s, p rin ts and sc u lp tu re from M d z i 
L a n d a u 
G a lle ry, 
L o s 
A n ge le s. 
T h ro u gh Fe b 
28. R e g u la r store hours. Free. 

I I R 
K 
E 
\ 
T 
E 
X 
H 
I B 
I T 
S 

A R T A F R A M E M A R T No. I. 
83o2 B ro a d w ay . O ils by 
Ro b ert 
M o r r is o n a n d 
B e tty 
A llis o n 
M o n Sat 1o-6. 
A R T A F R A M E M A R T No. 2, 
67o 
N orth 
Star 
M all. 
O ils by 
H a ze l 
M a s s e y . 
J o e 
P e a c o c k . 
Jose 
V iv e s A t so ra a n d A lb e rto 
M eza. M o n Sat 1o 6 
A R T I S A N S A L L E Y , 555 Bit ters Road. M a rk e tp la c e of over 
2o sh o p s with p ro fe ssio n a l a rtists a nd or c ra ftsm e n in resid e nce 
Tu es Sat 1o-5 3o. Su n I S. 
B R I G H T 
S H A W L 
G A L L E R Y . 
819 A ugusta. 
IO a rn. - 2 P rn., 
M o n Fri. 
C L U T T S R W O O D G A L L E R Y . 
53o9 
M c C u ll o u g h 
P o in t in g s , d ra w in g s, p h o t o g ra p h s 4 lim- nilled edition g r a p h ic s by C o n s 

 tine A u lo i aet. 
Nellie 
Buel, 
Re 
• h o i a H R * (tun* Cia*, ny C-BKor 
D m itri P etrov. J eon So ria no , Sue 
Sh ie ld s a nd 
G e o rge 
Slu m b e ry . 
M o n SA T IO 6. Su n I 5. 
C O P P I N I A C A D E M Y O F F I N E 
A R T S , t is M e lro se P la c e 
E x hiDition fe atu rin g sc u lp tu re by 
D r. 
W a ld in e 
A. 
T o uch . 
Also, p ain tin gs bv Joyce W ord, J a m e s 
B 
Lem o n s. 
L u c ille 
E d g e rto n , 
M a r q u a n d , 
E v e ly n 
F r e e m a n , a nd B u r o o io T a rs ik e s 
2 5 p m 
Sot, Sun A Wed. F re e 
C O R N E R 
G A L L E R Y , 
4th 
4 
M om . 
B ia n c o 
P a in tin g s of the 
H ill 
C o u n try 
D V hill c o u n try a rtists 
D a ily 
1o 6, 
Su n bv ap pointm en), call 833 456o 
G A L L E R I A 
3o7 
H O U S E 
O F 
A R T S , 
3o/ 
H e m is F a ir 
P la za 
W ay 
W ork by 
Adriel, 
A d ryth, 
G ilb e rt. 
G ir a rd . 
H a e se . 
L o s 
S c o tts." 
M is c h e r , 
P o rte V tie ld . 
R oberts. 
S c h lic h e n m o ie r ; oils, w ale rcoioi s, a crylic s, c e ra m ics, m a c r a m e , m e ta l s c u lp t u r e 
M o n Sat 12-5. 
G A L L E R I E 
OF 
F I N E 
A R T S , 
342 W M a in St.. F re d e ric k sb u rg . 
F e atu rin g T e x a s a rtists, a rtisa n s 
S craftsm en. 
1o 6 daily, 
M o n-Su n 
C L A S S E R S A R T G A L L E R Y . 
2121 N M a in Ave. N ew g a lle ry a rtists Jean M artin . B ria n Don tan, 
E d n a 
Hibel. 
O ils, w ater c o lo r s a n d p a s t e ls b y 
C lo y 
M c G o u g h y . 
G o rd o n 
W est, 
E d 
W ittm a n n , 
B ill 
Z o n e r , 
E A 
Herbes, ly o n M c D o u g a i, L o r r y 
A nschutz. G ilbe rt D u ro n . Santa 
D u r a n , 
N a n c y 
H a w k in s a n d 
M ic k e y C a rlisle M o n Sat 9 6 
G R A P H I C S G A L L E R Y . 4oJ E 
C o m m e r c e 
W o o d c u t s b y 
R i ch o rd Conn. Su m i p oin tin g s by 
Helen F e ste r. p rin ts a n d posters. 
Tues W ed l l s . 3o, T h u rs-Sa t 11-9. 
Su n 1-6. 
H E L O T E S A R T G U I L D . 1o6o3 
B a n d e ra 
Road . 
W o r k s h o p s 
In p rogre ss. P h o n e 695-9141. T u e s 
Su n 15. 

I N S T I T U T E O F T E X A N C U L ­ 
T U R E S . H e m is F o ir P la z a W ay. 
9 5 T u e s Sun 
M C C R E L E S S 
L I B R A R Y , 
1o23 
A d o 
St. 
E xhibit of oils and w a te rcolors by D o w n E d w a rd s. 
M o n F r i 9 9. Sat 9 6. 
O A K W E L L 
B R A N C H 
L I ­ 
B R A R Y , 4134 H a r r y W u rzb a c h 
R o o d , 
A c r y l i c s b y 
M i l d r e d 
See Arts Calendar.Page IC 

’IntrodQetions.Ine.I 

Singles 

SINGHS INFORMATION Cif ARING NOUS! 
« 
Hours: Mon.-Thur: 3-7 pm., Sot.: 9om ?pm. 
« 57o1 Hroad«i|. TW it * *9I7 

"Young and exuberant” 

— Nan Clause!, San Antonio Lipht 

' First class all the w ay” 

— Robert Pinons, San Antonio Express 

INCARNATE WORD 
COLLEGE AUDITORIUM 

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27 
3:oo P.M. 

Adults— $4.oo 
Children under 12— $2.5o 

Tickets on sale at the door 

INFORMATION: 824-3979 

» 
North Star Moll 
FCSTIVAL OF FMC ARTS 

S T A R T S W E D N E S D A Y F E B 1 6 2 6 

2nd Sem i A n n u al Invitational Artists' T o u r 

C o m e to N orth Star Mall Feb. 16 thru 26 and enjoy a festival of fine arts throughout the Mall. A rtists and craftspersons from all over the U .S will display, and have on sale, their w o rk s along with a tre m endous participation of Texas artists. Oils, watercolor, pottery, jewelry, metal sculpture, photography, and w oodcarving just to give you an exam ple of the variety of media and talent there! 

 dp 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE— fob. 11, 1977 
F A M 9 

C all 223-5591 
Symphony Box Office 

Arts Calendar 
I V 
: n si I i 
V 
( antinued 

From Pagr 8 

Cooke Mon C fi 9 9. Sat 9 6 o u o y s s e y g a l l e r i e s , 2222 
Breezewood 
Pointing 
& littio- gtaphs by Jo e B 
Tye 
Jr 
New w atercolors by E Gordon W est 

All new selection of ce ram ics by 
Jo n e 
A 
T r o c y 
O o ts o n . 
J 
P r u e s s n e r . 
M ik e 
S o u l. 
B 
Fiom m e. J 
Potion & J 
A lex­ ander T yes Sat 11 S. 

Dine in Boerne, 1885 

Serving 
BREAKFAST, UMH, 
DINNER, COCKTAILS 
On the Plaza. Boerne 
249 3ooo (Closed Monday) 

SAN ANTONIO SYMPHONY 

 rM[M 
'25' 
• ^ T cvi'cs 
Roger Melone 
Conductor 
Today 
3:oo pm 
UTSA Health Science Center 

Floyd 
Dvorak 
Honegger 

Russell Rogers 
Mary Denman 
Linda P oetschke 

The M artyr 

Serenade, Opus 44 
King David 

Dianne Claffey 
Roger Bryant 
Jaim e G uerrero 

P A N 
A M E R IC A N 
B R A N C H 
L IB R A R Y , 1122 W 
P y ro n A ve disotay of work by the Coppini 
A cadem y ot F in e A rts 
Mon F ri 
9 9. Sot 9 6 
P R IT C H A R D 
N O R T H 
S T A R 
G A L L E R Y , I?* North Star M all 
Oil (Huntings bv Jo se Vives At 
Sara. E k o W all. Robe! ta Clair, 
Helen Hunter, M a ry Io u Lew is 
Doily 
IO 6. 
Theirs 
IO 9, closed 
San 
R IV E R A R T G R O U P , 51o Pa seo de la Villita 
Changing ex hibit of paintings and crafts from the more than 6oo artistsof the grouo D aily IO S. Son O S 
SA N A N T O N IO A R T I N S T I ­ 
T U T E 6ooo N 
New 
Braunfels 
An exhibition by students in the gallery Mon F r i 9 4. Sat 9 1? 
S A N 
A N T O N IO 
M A IN 
L I ­ 
B R A R Y , 
2o3 
S 
St 
M a r y s 
A crylics A d is bv Oorothy No testine Mon F ri 9 9, Sat 9 6, Sun 
I S 
SA N A N T O N IO M U S E U M O F 
M O O S R N A R T , S3 I W 
W o o d tow n, 235 5869 
P a in t in g s bv 
H e n ry S tein 
T hro ugh F e b 
2? 
F r i Sun IO 5 F re e 
S IG O L O F F 
G A L L E R Y , 
St 
Anthony 
Hotel 
Ro b ert 
Wood. 
Don W arren . 
P o rfin o 
Salinas. 
Jose V ives A tsara. M aureen Ta rozon, 
R o lla 
T aylor. 
Sharelie, 
D a lh a r t 
W in d b e r g 
F lo r e a t 
Boecke. F rie d P a l. M arcel Dyt. 
Ed o uard Cortez. Ruth Anderson. 
O on aid 
Y e n a . 
Jim 
O e o tsch 
Mon Sat H S. 
SO L D E L R IO , 1o2o Townsend 
Drawings, lithographs, etchings. w eavings, scu lp tu re ce ra m ic s and lew elry Mon Sat 9 3o S 3o 
- S O U T H W E S T 
C R A F T 
C E N T E R G A L L E R Y , 42o Paseo de lo V illita Selected fine crafts from the Southwest are a O aiiy la s so 
SO U T H W tN O A R T G A L L E R Y . 
4114 M cCullough 
Exhib it of line duality oils. a c r y lic s 'A water colors bv welt kn ow n artists. 
Also graohic ort by contem per ary artists, 
Tues F r i 9 3o 5 45, 
Sat IO S. F re e 
T E JA S G A L L E R Y , 
1o2o5 Oa sis. 
R M 
N o 
IO? 
W iid llo w e r paintings by Ann C an yo n 
M an 

T H EY ’V E GOT RHYTHM: The 
Raymond Johnson Dance Com­ pany is one of the well-respected black modern dance troupes. 
The company will be in San 
Antonio this week for three free performances and a series of free dance workshops at the 
Carver Community Cultural 
Center. 
Friday and Saturday the com­ pany’s performances w ill in­ 

 clude “ Scintilla,’’ “ Wolfman,” 
“ As the World Turns Out.” 
“ Feathers" and “ Landmark.” 
On Saturday they will perform 
“ Sugar ( ane.” “ Cham ber,” 
“ Threshold.” and “ Corridor." 
Tuesday through Thursday members of the troupe will be giving free dance classes, in­ cluding movement for athletes and for actors. 

Check out Dunce and Etc. for details. 

EN D ER TH E BIG TOP. The big top tent used to be synonymous with circuses. Today most cir­ 

 cuses play in civic arenas and coliseums. 
But not the Circus Vargas. It’s the largest circus still being pro­ duced under the big top, and its tent will be raised this week at 
South Park Mall. 
More than 5,ooo persons w ill be able to see the two-hour circus including trapeze acts, animal acts, jugglers, clowns and high wire artists. 
A fret' preview show will be held 11:3o a.m. Saturday with free balloons for the kids. 

Look to Etc. for more info. 

F ri IO 5, Sot bv appointment 
T R IN IT Y 
U N IV E R S IT Y . 
H S 
Stadium D rive 
A frican Sculp lu re .' 
Segy 
C a n n e ry . 
Coates 
Lobby 
Mon Sat 2.3o a m ll p m . Sun I a m 
- ti p rn 
■ The 
Hotocai it from D achau to Mu hicn " film by the United Council of Churches with 2o paintings A sculptures by C e rt Jacobson in the G re a t 
H a ll. 
C hap m an 
Ll brurv thru 
F eb 
22 
F o r more intor motion call J 36 2236 
U T 
H E A L T H 
S C I E N C E 
C E N T E R , Aud F o ye r, 22o3 Floyd 
Curl Or.. 696 6322. 
28th annual exhibition of 
The 
T ex as 
W a tercolor Society 
Through M a r 6 
Mon F r i 8 S, Sat 8-noon. Sun I S 
Free. 

M CN A Y A R T IN S T IT U T E . 6ooo 
I New B rau n fels. 824-5368 
Syl- 

SPECIAL SUNDAY FEATURE 

Tickets: $4 
223-5591 

6th Annual 
Flash Cadillac 3 l&ffie Qcntimnial <Xids, 

* t . 

■convention CENTER BANQUET N A U ! 

FEB. 2 3 - 8 P J A . 
JAM A JfUT Ct MU Al ST OMC-Att MA BOI O m a 
6 .5 o atwo i/C b d i M e t , e t 9okie I of IO 
NO CNfCKS, CA KMT CARDS, OC RHOMB a c o r n s , R U L A s i 
• MAU OCOKI INFORMATION S 2 S-6 3 S 1 
DR INK AND M O W N NIGHT________ bb tmm mmSSm 

★Ar# 

 includes our 
Soup & Salad 
Bar and 

Baked Potato *5» 

(special price 
Sunday only — regular menu price — $7.95) 

OPEN FROM S P M 
Smwodsr’s 

111 N W loop • San Antonio 
Phone 349-24o7 

Hie VOIOBffULJIORLO of HORSES 
M is f it s INI W. r •(IUD fiMOUS 
Rogal bip izzan 
S ta llio n S h o w 
4s « o m 

 ut maut a»n rn tm 

TMK U K 
ARS ABOVE 
THE GROUND” 

RAG! IO fXPtm-MfWS SUMO AT MAGA TINS —t»b IS. 1977 

H * I 

GREAT RMH SHOW! 

 ut 
SUH M notu Bunsen" 
M2 A IHS (IMCUTI KS* 
IC MAUlOUS NOty IMH I rn IC BMTI SMUCK f 
I MOUM I MUTO! 
IMH MAI IoIUUT (SHOWS 
MMSI SSW NOty SLS 
LlC MAB .A U 'IV i QU *< it KM*.** I 
J 

OMI CSS Ii' 

 r n sn m 
INI UH s d 
Atiltf SMI: (MIS 
[USUI I SMOUSE 
WALI OiSISfT S a m Act f st 

 ll TMI W HIT! 
I SlSlllONt y 

TMM! AtHIARIMC 
: Pl St ORtMSSICt Of 
>i 
H i - k i ■ 
■m snm dii im (awd 
HOING S C H O O L* UKF! 
■lu i it ti shucks a ■ 
Ski NA, I CKI St UR, 

2.3o PM MONDAY, RES 14 
• 
CONVENTION C SfTER ARENA 
TICKETS St OO. U M A SO OO ADULTS 
CHM PHEN l l AMO UNO* H ., FR ICE 
JA M A JELL * OENERJU. STO RO , ALL JOOKE S A 
THE ARENA BOK OFFICE 

• un and M a ry Long Collection; 
19th and 2oth Century pointings and sculpture from the p ennon en t c o lle c t io n , 
G o th ic an d m e d ie v a l a r t fro m th e 
Opoenhetmer Collection Pica sso etchings and aquatints 
A m e r­ ican a rtis ts 
O K eete. 
R iv e r s , 
Kuhn. W eber. Nevelson Tues Sat 
9 5. Sun 2 5, closed Mon 
SAN A N T O N IO M U S E U M O F 
T R A N S P O R T A T IO N . H e m isF air 
Plaza W ay, 226 12o1 
Pe rm an en t exhibit of v a rio u s m odes of transp ortation: antique classic cars, horse d raw n ca rriag es, streetcars, W orld W a r I " Je n n y " a ir p la n e . o n ly a u t h e n tic stagecoach in Texas D oily 1o-6, voluntary contributions suggest ed adults SO cents, children 2S cents 
W IT T E 
M E M O R I A L 
M U ­ 
S E U M . 38o1 Bro ad w ay. 626 o642 
S ta r Sp an g le d 
H is t o r y : " on exhibit ot black 8. white draw ings by m agic lantern artist Joseph 
Boggs Beale, with accom panying au d io visu al presentation, thru 
Feb 
18. a special exhibit of ten paintings from the 
D ougherty 
Corr A rts Foundation, including works bv Chagall. Duty it Hen 
Oir, thru M ay 31 
Feb. 5 A p r 13 
The great A m erican 
Rodeo ' 
A rt of tra d itio n a l 
A m e r ic a n regional rodeos 
T erry Allen. E d 
Blackburn, George Green, M im i 
G ro ss 
G room s. 
Red 
G ro o m s, 
Andy Mann, G a rry W m ogrand. 
Joe tucker. Organized bv the 
Forth W orth Art Museum. Feb 
19-2o 
"H e irlo o m 
D is c o v e r y 
D ays," ao p raisals bv expert art. antique, & heirloom auctioneers from 
Sotneb v 
P a r k e 
B e r n e t auction house Verb al ap p raisals tor SS per item registration fee 

H IS T O R IC 
S A > A M T O N IO 

A LA M O , best known mission. 
'C r a d le ol 
T e x a s 
L ib e r t y , " located on A lam o Pla z a in the heart of San Antonio. 225 1 391 
Mon Sat 
9 S IO . 
Sun 
I O S 3o 
F re e 
B U C K H O R N 
H A L L 
O F 
H O R N S , 
L o n e 
S ta r 
B r e w in g 
Compony, 6oo Lone Star B lvd .. 
22643o1 Perm onent collection of 
Fins, 
F ea th e rs and F ire a rm s , dating back to I 86o Open d aily 
9 3o-5. Odults St. children 6 12 A m ilitary SO cents F r e e barking 
CA SA V IL L IT A . S it Paseo de la Villita, form er headquarters of the 
San 
Antonio 
Conservation 
Society, now attice of 
A Night in 
Old San Antonio, sponsor ed by the C o n s e rv a tio n S o c ie ty a n ­ nually rn 
A pril 
Now Operating as a Tourist Inform ation Center tor visitors to L a Villita, phone 
226 5188 
E S P A O A 
A C E Q U I A 
A Q U E D U C T . 9o44 Esp o d a Road 
Bunt rn I2 ji bv Fran ciscan s, it is the sole rem aining structure of its kind in the United States 
A 
National 
Historic 
La n d m ark, tree 
IN S T IT U T E O F T E X A N C U L* 
T U R E S . H em isForr Plaz a W ay. 
226-2651. 
Continuing h is to rica l displays on ethnic groups with film s, m usic, slide shows, a r ­ tifacts. dom e shows 
Tues Son 
9 5, clo se d 
M on, 
F r e e 
C a ll 
Educational 
S e rvice Dept for 

R A I M O N D J O I I \ S O !S 
D ance C om pany will give free p erform an ce- ami (lance w nrk-lm p- in 
San A ntonio (hi- w eek. See H oopla. D ance and 
Lie. in Art- Calendar. 

 guided tours 
K IN G 
W IL L IA M 
H IS T O R IC 
D IS T R IC T . Neighborhood of res tored Victorian ond eorly Texas homes The district begins of the corner of King W diiarn 
Street and 
South st. M a r y 's of the 
Anton Wuitf House, headguarters ot the San Antonio Conservation 
S o c ie ty 
F r e e w a lk in g to u r pamphlets avanooie at the Wuift 
House, 1o2 King W illiam 
M ISSIO N S. 
Ta four the tour missions, follow the Mission Trail m arkers beginning at Roosevelt 
Avenue ond M ission Road, Roo sevett P a rs 
JO S E N A V A R R O S T A T E H IS lO K tC S IT E . 228 S Lared o nome of famous Texas patriot, owned 

A terrifying novel of colossal disastart 
As iwvB shBttBring as The T o u rin g M em o 
As devastating as Earthquake... 

$ 1 9 6 
Playboy Press Paperbacks 

 ond m o interned by Texas P a rk s 
& Wildlife Dept 
Mon Sun 
IO 4, adults 25 cents, children 6-12 ten cents, children under 
6 tre e 
Guided lours 

O LD SAN A N T O N IO E X H IB IT . 
Historic scenes of Old San An tamo. B o liv a r 
Hall. 
L a Villita, sponsored by Son Antonio Con­ servation Society, 222 9o42 Open every day except Mon, IO S p rn , 
F re e 

O LO U R S U L IN E 
C O N V E N T , 

3oo Augusta. Built in 1851. San 
Antonio s only rem aining exam- p ie of 
F r e n c h a r c h it e c tu r e 
Home QI Southwest Craft Center 
C reative 
A rf 
School 
Mon F r i 
9 38 S. visitors welcom e. F re e 

R E M E M B E R 
T H E 
A L A M O 

T H E A T E R / M U S E U M . 
A la m o 
Plaz a 
A m ulti-medio p resenta­ tion recreating the siege of the 
Alam o D aily 9 oo to 5 3o adults l l 25, children (4-121 
25 cents, octive m ilitary lw ID I SI 2S 

S A N F E R N A N D O C A T H E ­ 
D R A L . Cornerstone laid in 1241. 
West side of 
M ain 
Plaz a. 
222 219? 

S C H R O E D E R 
I 
Y T U R R I 

H O U S E M U S E U M B A R C H IV E S . 
1ooo £ Com m erce 
Restored by the City W ater B o ard tor poop fiv e use as a m u seu m and archives et the history pf w afer in the Son Antonio o rca G ro up to u rs of m u se u m a r r a n g e d through the City 
W ater B o a rd 
Office. IOO) E. M arket S I, phone 
225 7461 
S P A N I S H 
G O V E R N O R S 

P A L A C E . 
1o5 
M ilitary Plaz a. 
Mon Sat 9 5. Sun 
15. m orning tours by appointment, adults 35 cents, children IO cents 
STEVES 
H O M E S T E A D 
6 

G A N O E N, 
589 
K in g 
W illia m . 
IJS 5924 Owned and m aintained by me Son Antonio C ons#'v a t ion 
Society. 214 6163 
G e rm a n r e ­ sidence built in 1826. D aily I 5, morning tours bv appointm ent, odmts 
25 cents, cnndren 
25 cents. 

Y T U R R I E O M U N O S M IL L S 

R E S ID E N C E , 
25/ 
Yellowstone 

5344 232. San Antonio Cooser va lion Society m aintained 
Adobe 

 block structure, bu ut 
1848 I86o 

Restored G rist Min in operation 
Open Tues. S Sat IO 2. with grist demonstrations of It S I on Tues 
S 
Sat 
No ad m ission group tours by appointment 

S .A .’s Stoney a C&W pioneer 

NASHVILLE, Tenn. - 
B lack co untry m usic singer Stoney Edwards has a rather revolution­ ary experiment in the works he hopes w ill im ­ prove his career: 
An all black country music band to back him up on personal appear­ ances! 
He freely adm its it isn't going to be easy to recruit the players, but says, “ there is bound to be some black musicians who play country m u­ sic.” 
“ In fact,” continues 
Edwards, who lh es in 
San Antonio but does his recording work (on Ca­ pitol label) in Nashville, 
“ my business partner 
(Anthony Pittso of Me­ dina, Tex.) and I have already got some good leads on a fiddle player and a steel guitarist. 
‘ ‘We th o u g h t,” he laughs, “ a black fiddler and steel man would be the hardest to find.” 
Edwards emphasises he isn't going to “ organ­ ize just any old band.” 
-Our s e a rc h l’ he in ­ sists. “ is to be thorough. 

Nashville Sound 

By REO o 

We want genuine, good pickers.” 
Edwards laughs again when asked if his plan m ight be a form of segregation. 
“ I never thought of it that way,” he says. “ All my white friends, in and out of music, agree it is a good idea. 
“ Frankly,” he adds, “ I need something to perk up my career. I* want to make it ‘big.’ Yes, ‘big' like 
C harley 
P ride. 

DONNELL 

Maybe even bigger.” He grins.” 
“ My records sell good. 
I’ve been with Capitol for six years and that should tell you something about my popularity as a re­ cording a rtist," he says. 
“ Too,” he adds, “ my personal appearances — about 1411 a year — are money-makers. 
"Y et, I want more re­ cognition. 
I'm a m b i­ tious.” 
E dw ards, born and 

o 
U N I T E D 
ARTISTS THEATRE BP 
UNTK I 3o 
TWIIK.MH ) All MAIS JI Ii 
TIATURIS ^ m 

1 m SIm m m m I 
* 

I l l l ' l l l l ' M .l 7TH B'6 
, 
WEEKI 
I OI kfM* -IT IO-) OAS JO A OS g Iud far—- l imSTOH U 
( 
W 
NOMINATED 
'OR TWO 
ACADEMY 
AWARDS 
Sfrtitond • KrltloHtrton 
STAR “ BORNS GLEAMING 

o 
o 
o 
I* 

A 
WtWKCl RARA MALI s u m 
I 5TH WEEK or LAUGHTER 

o ion lone attar 

 s “ CAR WASH” .. 
o W h ere b etw e e n 
| the hours of 9 and 5 f anything can 
% happen . . . and 
o usually doest 

J 
(Olar 
PG 

TOAST YOUR SWEETHEART WITH 
CHAMPAGNE AND A SPECIAL DINNER 
RI BEYE STEAK & LOBSTER 
• GARDEN SALAD • CHOICE OF POTATO 
OR THE 
SEA CHEST 
• SIX VARIETIES OF GOLDEN FRIED 
DELICACIES OF THE DEEP 
• COLE SLAW • FRENCH FRIES 
95 
HUHN 
The Spanish Galleon 

6837 San Pedro • 349-1493 

Nnm fijofl! int 

 raised iii Seminole, Ok­ la., can neither read nor write. Discussion of the subject isn’t sensitive for him. 
“ I suppose,” he re ­ calls, “ I only went to school two or three times in my life. I was a first grade dropout. I had to go to work when I was very young. I’m the pro­ duct of a broken home — one of eight kids. I can’t remember when I didn t have some kind of a job; most of them rough; some of them very tough. 
Too numerous to list 
“ Yes,” he confesses. 

“ there have been times when I wish I was better educated. 
Perhaps 
I should have done some­ thing about it. Working at some sort of a job al­ ways got in the way. 
‘ ‘A c tu a lly ,” he says with a smile, “ not being able to read or w rite hasn't I)et“n all that big a problem in m aking a 
In mg. I suppose the big­ gest problem is convinc­ ing people I can't read or write. 
"Sometimes it's worth a c h u ckle ,” says the 
45-year-old entertainer. 
“ I.ike the oilier day this 

^bc] 
W O N D ER I 

BUTH KOIIU MAH 

1:15-3:2o-3:25 
7:3o-9:35 
12:3o-2:45-5:oo 
7:13-9:3o 

The Best 
1 
Entertainment | 
Picture 
« 
Of 1977 
I 

“ 
. I 
L 

S I L V E R S T R E C K ►> 

P G 
M SIM KHOU Jilt MMSI U t ! PRYOR t iff? ItJTw CtNiuPv-fOJ A . 

 l l - ln l*> H i m 
WONDER 2 

1 : 4 5 - 4 : 2 o 

6 : 5 5 - 9 : 3 5 

WAI AMU*® A* IM s t a s s t i t s 
AT TWO SCHUH* 

12:oo-3:oo-5:5o-1:o5 

1:5o-4:25-7:oo-9:25 

W INNER o f GOLDEN GLOBES A W AR DS 
Best Com edy or Musical 
Best Picture 
Best Actress 
Best Actor 
Best Song 

 ai**: IM U A M LM H ' t ' A O A W u NM HK MUA i t i * :•** 
Hmwcii* I M HK, a. wa* -ut •%.,* im « ~ a, r -MHM III M 
. • v i m All* Ail" IM i i * UAo-*»-IKJ* , , , rnrnmmm m~m> mm if m l AO-ill Awa. 

- T ^ . r - Q 
[ WM V1MXM1A I MW HUI®, I IIM KH ii - O 
I* • M I. MIK 

 friend tells me, ‘Stoney, you are lucky. Most of the news I read these days is bad.’” 
Loretta Lynn is set for an appearance on Frank 
S inatra’s A p ril 21 spe­ c ia l, 
“ S inatra and 
Friends,” via ABt'-TV. 
“ I ’ll sing a solo number and duet on one 

 with F ra n k ,” reports 
Loretta 
Isnt this the first time for a 
Nasln die- based performer to appear on any kind of a show wit Ii “ Old Blue 
Eyes” ? 
“ I don't know,” she said 
“ Look it up — — 

M o n ./F ri. 
6:oo 
8:oo 
1o:oo(fNEW L A U R E L ) 
V 
2 3 ) o S A N PED RO • 7 36 4551 J 

SAT./SUN. 
12-2-4 
6- 8-1o oo 

YES— IT S TRUE (PGI 

INSPECTOR, IS IT TRUE > 
THAT WE M UST GET OUT OF 
TO W N BECAUSE 
ROCKY 
IS 
COMING IN NEXT WE [KH 

THE 
PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN' 

[ P E K 

■IT 
■iktm 
■ amt 
BTM* 

 i f f 
MI UM WfMOAM 
Amas w m 
ALAMO AAN* CACAOS 

 j J? 
FLATMATE ' 11oo-3 IO-S TO-1 JO 

2 oc p m 
7 * r r r 
57 i i a w j j * $© 1ooo 

BotOy socks Rekeys Pony Tar. NR king 
,v x i.it m erest o f m e mncxem SOX 
2ND FEATURE 

“ THI 
YOUNG 
PLAYMATES' 

NO BAR MAT. 

OR PASSES 
11:3o 1:15-3:oo-4:45 

6 3o 8 15-1o OO 

ABC TV says: 
“The goriest and sexiest 
‘Frankenstein' ever filmed." . 
— Kevin Sanders 

I T 
A 

Andy tUarhols 
TrankcnstcIii- 
3 D 

 rou iii *1 ad Atrium! hi ho auk' hi® 
BOB MI MHH m m 
M is ty 
B eeth o ven 

An< * luit motion ptcturo 
To Ors onjQyucl 
By men By woman 

UBT 

L o v m 
CAPITAN S 

 m i r ii i n iv* »-• » 
IO VAT I? IO I SOA SA IQ OO 
• MISTY" 7 OO 9 4* 
LO VAY" 4 34-Mbl 

EXPRESS NEWS SUNDAY M A G A Z IN E — f« b. 13, 1977 P A G ? t i 

The book I really w ant to read 

____________________________________________________________________________ 
,, .. 
. 
.. 
I 
„ 
Dear Hook I d itor: 
For some years. F u been reading and re viewing books that have cashed in on a single, salable idea. 
The idea is something that, with hard-sell pro­ motion. catches the pub­ lic’s fancy. The books 

 themselves usually arc poorly written, the plots are loaded with coinci­ dences and the dialogue wouldn’t pass muster for a soap opera script. 
You know what 
I mean. “Jaws.” (There is this big white shark, see. and ...) “ Raise the Ti- 

CUNT EASTWOOD IS DIRTY HARRY 

THE ENFORCER 

O W C iNTRAl PARK 3 
•>••• MMP***. 
_ 
■ M B Ut |?| ll 

1 2 :4 5 - 2 :2 3 - 4 :2 o 
6 :o o -8 :o o -9 :4 5 
M O N . 7 :4 5 -9 :3 o 

© 

( E W I U I I f 
I O I I H 
V 
S W MM Of amin S S W t i t IS S I 
4-6-8-1o 

TtiQffC hartng^sach a crime. 

, V U . its a shame to call the 

X > tM U tD C 
OO8o**o 
VAN WRE ROBINSON PROVINE 

NRT M LV* JOANNA M OORE TONY B itt St IM RICKI N 
♦ . I i 4* '’MHT u~?J: 
»«*.«*•.** M utt 
***' 

HCMWiOOMXt* "SI*[GJ 

S PEC IA L A D D ED T R EA T T 

/ J O 

"icrf j~.r 
A MUSICAL FIESTA! 

WALT DISNEY'S 
™ThrK 
Caballeros 

“ 
| 
In f t a t u r o t t * fo r m 

DONALD OUCK 
JOSI CARIOCA m l RANCHITO g 
Tttkmcaior 

C A B A U 1 * o5 12 3o-3 IO 
5 55-1 35 

 tanie” (There is this le­ gendary hulk, sei1, and it has . . .) “ The Boys 
From Bra/il“ (Hitler left some of his cells to this scientist, see, and . . .) 
Anyway, I d like to get in on those $2oo,ooo movie tights sales, the 
$84(1. (Hid paperback rights sales and the book club sales. 
I ve got this idea. . . 
There is this former 
Nazi SS officer, sec, and he has become a star wide receiver for a Na­ tional Football League 
Super Bowl team. (Then was this youth serum, see, sm uggled out ol 
Hitler’s bunker, back in 
1945 ) 
Anyway, after leading his team to the Super 
Bowl and catching 12:5 

A n O p in io n O n B o o k s 

 passes for 43 touchdowns and a 35.3 per catch average, he secs his chance. 
During w arm up, he unzips the Astro Turf at midfield and plants a nuclear device. 
The 
1o3,(HIO fans and TV au­ dience do not notice. 
They think lie is replac­ ing a divot. 
Then, unveiling his true identity, he makes three demands: 
• That the other team forfeit tile Super Bowl. 
• 
That the United 
States and its Allies for­ feit 
World 
W ar 
II retroactively. 

 a b c ) IN TE R ST A T E 

BROADWAY 
4*4o BMO AO AY «>« )jp J 

1 : 3 o 

3 :3 o 

5 :3 5 

7 :3 5 

9 :4 o 

"...N o th in g less than th * moat exhilarating entertainment of the film year to date” v ..... u n r o e * n u t s 
THE SEVEN- 
PER-CENT 
SOLUTION 

 t rh* • I Meat W ing Note* 

Starts 
Spacial M atinees 
Tuesday 
Special Group Prices 
LIMITED ENGAGEMENT! 

U A. MOVIES 4 

■ V a t 12 3o 3 oo- 5 3 o 4 OO 
C A B A l i H O S 2 o5-4 35 
7 o 5 -9 3 5 

P A G ! l l IXPtfSS-NfW S SU M OAT M A G A ZIN E— fob. 13, 19 77 

STUNNING 
COLORFUL 
SUPERB ARTISTRY . 
BRILLIANTLY STAGED 
AND FILMED' 

 motft R©tt#rt I 
.The first Ame'car Engagement of the 
[THE LENINGRAD KIROV BALLET w r “SWAN LAKE 
Ah hi calci and wide screen 
B R O AD W A Y 
4S4o ••OAOWAV its BBSI t m n n t 
T t i i i m t m i n i ; 

TH ER E MUST 
F O R E V E R DE A G U A R D IA N 

AT THE G A T E F R O M H E IL ... 

\ 
' 
Vt 

SMI WAS TO U N G 
- 

SMI WAS M a u t if UL 
\ 
I P 
SMI WAS THC MC AT. 

 sentineh 

CHRIS SA R A N D O N • CRISTINA RAINES 

• M ARTIN BALSAM • JO H N CARRADINE 

• JOSE FERRER • A V A GARDNER 

• ARTHUR K EN N EDY • BURGESS MEREDITH 

• SYLVIA MILES • DEBORAH R A ff IN 

• B J W ALLACH 

• That the (fictional) 
P re sid e n t’s nubile daughter. $1oo million and Air Force One be delivered for his escape. 
If the demands are re­ fused. why he nukes the stadium (perhaps the 
Superdome in 
New 
Orleans, or maybe the 
LA Coliseum) and most of the countryside. 
But this is outrageous and intolerable. Besides, the President is tied up with that Chinese missile sub in the Hudson. 
So out of the Super 
Bowl crowd emerges a sex therapist who writes illustrated books, but cully is a deep-cover world saver. And . . . 
But, you get the idea 
»nd I don’t want to give 

ST 

1 2 o o -2 o o -4 O O 
6 o o -8 O O IO O O 

6KINTIWY 

1 2 o o -2 O O 4 o o 
6 oo-8 oo-1o oo 

M e s m c i i Y -o 

•A. CINK CM€o| 
1 : 1 5 - 3 . 1 5 5 1 5 
7 : 1 5 - 9 : 1 5 

 away all the good it 
Covers ARE important to .judging books, despite what they say. 
The cover for my book will have a pro football helm et 
(Cowboys or 
Sutlers) with a red and black swastika superim­ posed over tho team emblem. And a mansion 
(probably the 
White 
House) with a forlorn, sexy woman in the fore­ ground. This is for Goth­ ic fans. And a mushroom cloud in the background 
I believe this is a m ar­ ketable product. 
Of course, some of the de­ tails will have to be fleshed out and the lawyers will have to draw up the contracts and all. 
Even if it doesn’t make a book and a movie, it could fill at least part of a show for “ Kojak” or 
“ McCloud.” 

TW’UGHrS 
LAST 
(ILIiillVlliWi 

LORI M A R B A V A R IA presents * GIWA PMOUCnON 
Punts fey Technic Olar • AM ALLIED ARTISTS RELEASE OO 

FOX CENTRAL PARK 
SUN mXLlrM-S MLTOO 9 Jo 
MON AT J:oo-Y-.M 

UA CINE CINCO 
UA MOVIES 4 
I OO MSA IO* IS 

*«J? 

THE! CASSANDRA 
CRO SSIN G 
The fear is spreading! * / 

SOPHIA C O R K S 
H it H A M I MAKRIS 
M A R T IS S N E E N 
O J SIM PSO N 
I J O S H STA M M IV 
ANN T I RKT I 

IN IR IO T H U IN 

(IK K A IR A sR K R t,! 
- B l RT L A M AKTKR-M M ntASM — ASA I. IR D M R . vim,, , 

IRK CABA AMORA I ROAM NG 

 im I u r n . I M M M U w n n w e u a n o tu t t u x * 
Al IHA V A LU m m •• OM O (MUMMIN 
• 
•• W M « " » » * » ! — . » . * » nr t o r r t s n M i m 
MMI, 
B U M M A n n — (.M U HA BAA (fO M A ftO rtA O M U A I M , F ra u , rn (Vt 
— . . . ..T A R IO PONTI — . . . . .. GKORt.K PAN HIAWATHA 
I m uuiiMiMr ,R n 
* 
- sd 
I Ave* MwBmwi Ifoieew trim - 

BAR M AT. BOTH T H E A T R E S ^ ^ b h w * 
________ t e n r n n m 
HBXrelffWfm 

I would ap p reciate your views, since you know your trash. 
Sterlin llolmeslv 

L o c a l a u th o r n o te d 

A play by a San An­ tonio man has been in­ cluded in a recently published book on 
Mcxiean-American 
Theater. 
The play. “ La Raze 
Paia. or Racial, Racial.” is included iii ‘‘Contem­ porary 
Chicano 
T h e a te r,” edited by 
George Garza and pub­ lished by Nolle Dame 
Press. 
The play iv written by 
Ruben Sierra It was or­ iginally produced at St. 
Mary’s University. It is one of eight plays select­ ed for the book. 
D isco d a n c e 
& m o re 

San Antonio Fine Arts 
Center wants to get San 
Antonians off on the right foot the next time they re out on the town. 
And there s something at the MacArthur Plaza center for home-bodies too. 
Beginning in March, and scheduled for Tues­ day evenings, 8 to 9 p.m., classes in disco dancing will be offered. The six- weeks instruction will be capped by an evening at a local disco where class members can put into practice what they have learned 
Classes, taught by 
Kathy Marlin, will cost 
$3(1 including the final night's party. 
For those preferring to stay around the old ho­ mestead. SAFAC is of-' fering classes in art for children and adults. 
Classes will be held from 
4 to 
5 p.m . each 
Wednesday and are cur­ rently in progress. 
More information is available at 653-7241. 

13i5o 1:49 5:oo 

1.3o 9:4o 
1:oo 4:3o 7:oo 9:3o 

SELL 
DTF 
NOW 

A n d i t '* ( M y ! Ju s t CMI us to d a y and w e 'lt p u t y o u r love cost ad in p rin t. 

F o r extra cash, sail those ne** ' lbs . . . now ! 

Coll 225-1666 

THE PINK PAN THER STRIKES A G A I N — 
Peter 
Sellers is a bum bling defective in comedy at the 
Laurel. 

THE SENTINEL— 
Burgess M e re d ith a n d friends m ake strange neighbors in terro r film at the N o rth ­ west Six, Century South a n d U A Cine Cinco. 

SILVER STR EA K — 
Jill C la yb u rg h is a secretary who gets m ixed up in a m ystery in film at the W o n d er an d U A 4. 

IO ACADEMY 
AWARD 
NOMINATIONS! including 
BEST PICTURE 
BEST ASTOR 5 L"S L 
BEST ACTRESS Faye Dunaway 

MfMMMOMi natl* 
___ 
FAYE 
WILLIAM PETER ROBERT 
DUNAWAY KOLDEN 
FINCK DUVALL 
NETWORK 

MMT CMmrtKV u iw n u iM n 
***««*»M W ttaaM rnTKiu 
I At litten A «»j 

 i m n j i i r 
I O 
! I M 
A 
I « IM Ii p M ll W 
•«*> 
12 oo-2.3o-5:oo 

 f thuiM Amal* 

 m sjjo N T R srssrjl 
SMM ii 
V > mmmmmJ 
Today I 15-3 IS 
J 25 7 35-4 45 
M aa.-tti: 7 35-4:45 

W ITH DICK A N D J A N E — 
George S e g a l an d Jane Fonda a re a m a rrie d couple who g o into crim e in com edy a t the N orth S tar Cinem a. 

K in g Kong” in; -nth 

STA RR IN G JB T M ID G E S C H A RIES G R O O O N . JESSICA LANGE 
NOW EXCLUSIVE! 
NO BARB 
MAT. 
NO 
PASSES t w m u i n m* IM I S S a 
5 
( E N I U E I f . 
IO!. I H 
V 
•MASSI 

12 oo33o 
5:oo- 7:3o-1o oo 

C A S S A N D R A 
C R O S S IN G 
The fear is spreading! 

H I O N A C O - W R * 
• S A - J A S A 

The coach is waiting for his next beer. 
The pitcher is waiting for her first bra. 
The team is waiting for a miracle. 
Consider the possibilities. 

T H E B A D N E W S ! 

 f S 

P 
I J 
I n ( o l m 
\ l * a i a m w i n l I 'M I m r 

THE SHOOTIST 
JOHN 
WAYNE* 
LAUREN 
BACALL 

F t ; si*. 

£ 

 i t 

< !ih 

 urn i 
<**«!»» Avn i aru<> r«*N ti rtt *4 st 

 tltft A' is a • 
» sap* Al i n u* 

M ARTIN 
SO PH IA I.ORKN 
RU H A R I) HAURI* 
N SH PK N 
o J SIM PSON l.JON KI. ST ANOTR 
ANN TI RKKI 

IN G R ID T IU LIN 

'" / 'M 
I P K STR A SBERG 

 a-B I RT L A M A .ttK R .. mal *1 s/IT 
AVA 
ARON KH ..-sn o n 

. *■. 
~ 
* ‘ 
*■ 
* , ti*'' 
**' *' ^'v-* 
*V- * * • 
IHI I A SHANDRA ( ROSSING 

I S t • ' ■ ,, 
*• 
M i 
J ? * k 
* ‘ 
. * V 
' ■ 

L O I A i s n t 
I M M M i S U H l o i r s P H I I ll* I i " 
M 
L V H M i N L 
ALIDA VALLI v 
Mi .K av J* HHT CIN.Ult,VU TM * * 
' 
' * anat sa-. t> a. THM Vt \SKIT VS It I • >.. KOH* K l K ATC # G M H lt.l PAN t t^ M O h s 

 t . a t H O H E K l K A T * a s* . t i l . H R t . K P A N f t f t M A T U * 
I * s N A M * T h N i « u , i 
I ' t u u . A , < H 

 tm an At CARLA) PO N TI 
«. IO R I, K PAN » OSM *ION 

 a i a*.o I..■>>. " i*...... 11..m I INTL UTA I NR EMT I R RESTRICTED 

NORTH STAR 
3 43* * 3 o 4 

12:2o-2:45-5:oo 7:2o-9:4o 

•QTM 

2 oo 4:3o 

|m .AT4 aa 
IX PR I5S NfWS SUNDAY MAGAZINf— ftb. 13. 1977 PACI I ) 

Film s showing this week in San Antonio in­ clude; 
Broadway: 
The Se­ ven-per-cent Solution 
Central Park Fox: 
Network; Twilight’s Last 
Gleaming; King Kong. 
Century South: 
Chi­ cano Love Is Forever, 
Network; King Kong; 
The Sentinel; The Town that Dreaded Sundown; 
The Enforcer. 
Colonies North; 
Sun- 
Wed; Had News Bears + 
Lifeguard; Thur-Sat: The 
Man Who Would He King 
+ The Wind and the 
Lion. 
^ Josephine; 
Inside Ur­ sula + The Divorce. 
Laurel: 
The 
Pink 
Panther Strikes Again. 
North west' Six: 
The 

River City & area movies 

Sentinel; Funny Lady + 
Funny Girl; Andy War­ hol’s 
Frankenstein; 
Never a Dull Moment + 
Three Caballeros; The 
Town that 
Dreaded 

Sundown; The Tamarind 
Seed. 
Olmos: 
Sun: Perfor­ mance + A Clockwork 
Orange; Mon-Tues: The 
Last Detail + Five F.asv 

Pieces; Wed-Thur: The 
Seventh Seal 
+ W ild 
Strawberries; Fri-Sat: 
Zardoz 
+ 
Fantastic 
Planet* 
Texas: Human Torna­ 

 do + Dolemite. 
CA 4: 
The Cassandra 
Crossing; Twilight’s Last 
Gleaming; Never A Dull 
Moment; Silver Streak. 
CA Cine Cinco: 
Car 

Wash; Twilight’s Last 
Gleaming; The Sentinel; 
A Star Is Born. 
Universal 
Twin: 
Every Inch a Lads; + 
Suner Hall: Godfather ll 

+ Shootist. 
Wonder; 
A Star Is 
Born; Silver Streak 
Woodlawn: 
Misty 
Beethoven; Behind the 
Green Door. 

T H I 
E N F O R C E R — 
Clint Eastwood is Dirty 
Harry in film at the Cen­ tury South. 

T o d a y at 
T 7 
N O R T H W E S T S I X 
I ll.' ut tin 

T o d a y at 

C E N T U R Y S O U T H B i m aa is w stretti 

Check display ad loc limes and policies 

"THE SENTINEL" 

"FRANKENSTEIN 3-o" 

"FUNNY LADY” 

PLUS 
"FUNNY GIRL'' 

NEVER A DULL MOMENT 

PLUS 
"3 CABALLEROS' 

"THE TAMARIND SEED" 

"THE TOWN THAT 
DREADED SUNDOWN 

Check display ad for times and policies 

THE SENTINEL" 

"NETWORK 

KING KONG" 

"THE ENFORCER 

"THE TOWN THAT 

DREADED SUNDOWN 

"CHICANO LOVE 

IS FOREVER" 

T o d a y at 
S an P e d ro 

"S LU M B E R 
P A R T Y 75 

PLUS 

’NAPPY HOOKER 

SAN PEDRO 
I t i l l I K M M OOI OOO* t x >«*.« I » iw » n M 
W 4 M IS 

"TOWN THAT 
I 
DREADED SUNDOWN'* 

 p iu s t 
A SMAII TOWN I 
IN TU AS' 

Check display ad for times 

"NICKELODEON'' 

PLUS 
"BABY MUC MAHiNt 

PLUS 

ALOHA BO UY B ROSE 

M):5o-2:2o-4:5o 
7:2o-9:5o 

B A R G A IN M A T IN E E S 
DAILY ROR tH IA lR E 
CAPACITY FOR RRST 
PERFORMANCE ONtY 
Why is this love story locked in the top secret fit#* of london and Moscow? 

VJH E TAMARIND 

TH E 
T O W N 
T H A T 
D R E A D E D S U N D O W N 
— Ben Johnson is a Texas 
R anger in film at the 
Century South, Northwest 
S ix'and San Pedro. 

W J 

Or •• IN SS Is DIA DSI* 

Z h a o ' s os l e T T r ! i TI 
"TgN BARGAIN *AA»INlf> 
| ltiM U L V f f r i m B l w i t to* the a 
7 3o-9 55 
I 
M i I lJL L a -H M Ji m c a e c it y rat sn a, .. m u u SM •>*• f|R$T RERfORM- 
ANO ONEY 

■p}%8wr»tf 

K I N G K O N G — ie ssi ca Lange gets ca rrie d aw ay in thriller a t the 
Century South and Cen­ tra/ Park Fax. 
PAC 114 EXmtt-MfWS SUNDAY MAGAZINE—-Feb. IS, 1977 

4$ SJT rn 
Ut' i- il_ 

XHICAmo w t -istorUVBI^ 

STARRING EFRAIN GUTIERREZ 

TIAN GONZALES, HENRY BALDERRAMA 
SYLVIA GARCIA, GILBERT RODRIGUEZ 

JIMMY DELLGANIS. CAROLINA VILLALONGO! 

■ i i d::un:| 

ZEM KE* 
STA M IX Y 

HUS KUBRICK S 

Clos Son Pedro 

 m a m 

MICK 
I JAGGER 
3:25-7:5o / 
; k . 
H 
K 

(R ) 
M 

54 55-5:15-9:4o 

STARTS M O N D A * 
"T H E L A S T D ETAIL" Jack 
• ^ i ^ J J P K C E S ^ h c h o l ^ 

STAR TS W E D N E S D A Y 
Ingmar 
"S E V EN TH S E A L" 
Bergman 
"W IL D STRAW BERRIES" 

KIDDIE SHOW TODAY! 
ALL SEATS 51 .2 5 

DOUG Mc Clure vVVw I’lVVItVI Is* 
An AS*.(BMX VERNIKIOMI INC'J* 

M ) I I N W I I I | R ( E Ai ■ I E l f t i t 
■ 
S3 
L O U N 
TU in u s 
I rn r n ie e s i t i t , 
*m •**< 
12:oo-2 oo-4:oo 
6:oo-8:oo-1o:oo lee Os** et IM I Se see SSS* 
T O W N 7:3o-1o:55 TEXAS 9:2o 

IA N H B I O flint sc sum oupooo 
12oo-2 oo 
4 oo 6 oo 
• (NMO OO 

IN 1946 THIS 
MAN KILLED 
FIVE PEOPLE.. 

TODAY HE 
STILL LURKS 
THE STREETS 
OF TEXARKANA, 
ARKANSAS! 

TMK TO VU ll 
THUY DRKflDKD 

M 

A T R U E STO RY 

BEN JOHNSON amok* rn * ohm ib is 
ZZ?" TIMOTHY BOTTOMS SUSAN GEORGE BO HOPKINS 
A SMALL TOWN IN TEXAS 

- / .W 
INlOo* Wotik«k|i.f 
*♦« H P 
1 
-5:4o-1o:oo 
Hl6 !H3n Who CONNERY 
MICHAEL 
CAINE (PG) 

STARTS THURSDAY'. 
"SWASHBUCKLER 
THE HINPENBURG 

 f NORTHWEST SIX 
FORGOT 1o:45 CORI 12:2o 
'N curruRY 
FORGOT 12:oo CORI 1:4o 
UNIVERSAL 
CORI 12:15 FORGOT 1:5o 

/ FUNWY LADY 
Today: 
4:4o-9:55 

MORTH WE I I t i t rn fie* IM*«>»•*(al 

FUNNY G t t l^ 
2:1o-7:2o 

S ACADEMY 
AWARD 
NOMINATIONS 
H O W LUCKY 
CAN YOU GET! 

STREISANO 
& CAAN (PG) 

BARBRA 
STREISANO 

OMAR 
SHARIF 
(PG) 

 f 
GODFATHER ll 
TOO AY 11 oo-4 2o 
Mon 94o 
1 
U N ITE IIA 
C H Y I WIW 
T I SHOOTIST 
\ 
Today 2:25-7:45 

IT 
Men 7:45 

I® 1 & 
( n t f t l t o 

PLUS 
JOHN W AYNE 
LAUREN BACALL 

AL P A C IN O 

T H E S H O O T IS T 

' "P O W E R FU L 
EX P O S E ' 
A JO U R N E Y 
IN TO THE 
W O RLD 
O F 
P O R N O ! 

I A I I I E B U I 
( l i t I WIN 

A s a n pipacT 

MISSION 

V A L L I Y H I 

SURER 

H U ym i d a w - s ir s 
J J O -6 4 S-1o 3o 

N o B a . M a t 
"SUPIRBALL” 
PLUS 
HARRY REEMS 
(STAR O f DEEP THROAT) 
"EVERY IN 
A LARYNX) 

NICK EL ODC ON 7 3o 

BAST BLOC MARINI 9 5o 

ALONA BOBBY A ROSI 11:2o 

ONE HELL OF A GOOD TIME.' 

“Y O U U LAUGH A LOT." 

“FUNNY AND RICHLY 
ENTERTAINING" 

BURT REYNOLDS 

( H 
U 
H 
RYAN O NEAL. TATUM O’NEAL ^ 

* p 
^ J V l C K E L O 
D 
E O 
X l 

PtUSI 
JAN MICHAEL 
VINCENT is th e 
“ BABY BLUE MARINE” 

PLUS! 
Bobby has a 

68 Camaro. Rose has a five year-old 

 kid. On their first 

 date, they became 

 glovers and fugitives, 

R W O O IU W N 
E J 
I A l l o u r o o o * t h i a m * 

THI CASSANDRA CRO SSIN G — 
Sophia Loren cuddles up to Richard Harris in disaster movie at the North Star Cinema and UA 4. 

THE UPS AND LEGEND OP 

NETW ORK— The late Peter Finch is a TV newsman arguing with the head of his network, William Holden, in satire at Central Park Fox and Century South. 

12oo-14o Ii 
3 2o-5 OO |» 
6:4o-1:2o 
1 
1ooo 

T V I ~ > ~ f- 4F ’ 
H o B a r g a i n 
M M Q u tlM fll 
IrttBM 
■ 
III JJU 
“Misty 
Beethoven” 

 v 
CONSTANCE MONEY 

Rudy Ray Moore 

SAN PEDRO 
"Slumber Party' 
7:3o and 1o:55 

Happy Hooker 
9:15 

MISSION 
VARSITY 
TOWN TWIN 
Annabel isn't herself today, neither is her mother™ 

 this morning 
J 'M r 
S i 
THEY BECAME v jf (I rf r n 
EACH OTHER! 

Bocoy socks. ncspys. 
Pony Tats 
Neck**g mo j* me rest of mc mnocenr'5o's 

WALT DISNEY 
PKOOUCTWNS' 
"Behind the Green Door 
MARILYN CHAMBERS 
"The All-Ameritm Girl'' (X) 
FREAKY 

 r 
Urania m ■__ 
>i5 c a a s ^ j h*3 
Of ver coe 
I OM SS 7 IM4S 
A lypine • URSULA MONROE • 
I Cedar Houston 
■nwarinn /r\# * 
* 
* m i m 
M r s r J 

SECRETARIES: 7 3o-1o4o PtAVGIRlS: 9:IS 

FROM WATERGATE TO f> WATERBEDS! 
.jyi 
Capitol Hill 
Secretaries(x) 

I S I a p lu S 
«*. . V 
Congressional ll#', o J * 
Playgirls (X) 

%. v ' 
W * 
A decided^ drftefenl 
J 

S h come<v 
/ brunts: p<o barton HARRIS, Atte FOSTER and Jota ASTIN 

Patsy «L1Y (Itch VAN PHUN 
. MARY WXXiRb 
. 
• .BJ** 

, m y W . I 
• V e v r - ' T - . — * 
, RON MUHR 
-% GARY NILSON 
Technicolor * 1g| » 
Stt ^ iifll STARTS FRIDAY! 1 B o IS 2 

'H u nge r" 
7 3o-1o 35 

I <X) Nu* 
THE T A K E R S ' * 

C A W 

From Pane ll t h a t ’s your depart mon!. 
I ll tell you one Hum,', it’s goinK to be quite a thrill. 
D o n ’t m a n y g o o d ole country girls rate a place on S i n a t r a ’s ‘F r i e n d s ’ list. 

“ Wait a m in u t e . ’’ said 
I,Oretta, “ when you write about this mention it w ill 
In* th e first t i m e I’ve met F r a n k S i n a tr a .’’ 
The National Fniversi- t> of San Diego conferred a “ Doctor of H u m a n e 
F e tte rs ’’ degree on .lune 
Cash recently. The c er e ­ mony — with the school s p r e s i d e n t . Dr. G e o r g e 
<'b i g a s , p r e s e n t i n g th e honor before a g ro u p of invited guests — was at t h e H o u s e of C a s h . a m a n s i o n - l i k e s t u d i o - o f ­ fice building complex tin* family owns and operates in Henders onv ill e, a s u ­ bu rb of Xashv die 
I Iv the way, .lune h a s been at Mayo Clinic (Ro ­ chester, 
Mini! I for treatment of p a i n s iii her back 

A s po kesm an for the 
( ' a s h e s said, “ The pain was sort of like arthritis a n d I u n d e r s t a n d th e d o c t o r s at M ayo d i a g ­ nosed it a s a pinche d nerve, .lune is now back h o m e and is going to re s u m e perfo rming iii a week or so." 
NTs, it is t r u e th at 
T a m m y 
W y n e t t e a n d 
B u r t 
R e y n o l d s e x ­ c h a n g e d g i f t s at 
C h r i s t m a s t i m e . R e y n ­ o l d s se n t 
T a m m y a p a i n t i n g . T u m m y g i g ­ gled when ask ed what sh e h a d g i v e n to th e ha ndso me actor. 
“ It was an exchange of p r e s e n t s lik e good friends traditionally do." e x p l a i n e d t h e blonde singer. “ Contrary to re ­ ports," T am m y said, "I di d n ’t give him a super 
Lincoln Continental." 
Incidentally, the Burt 
R e y n o ld s D i n n e r Club opens Friday . May Ct iii 
A t l a n t a a n d R e y n o ld s has asked T am m y to I m the opening act at tin nightspot 
“ ll I can work it into my s c h e d u l e , 
FII bi t h e r e . " s a i d T a m m y 
“ Anything for a friend ’ she said 
I r o m w a r m f r i e n d ships grow w a r m e r to malices, sayetll the poet whoever 

N oil’ll I m * hearing mort about the tete-a-tetes of rummy and Burl. Bet on it' 
Buddy Killen produced 
Bill A n d e r s o n ’s “ p e a n 
(its and Diamon ds " hit record and iii appl et ta 
Don W h i s p e r i n g Billy gilled him with a gold p e a n u t a n d d i a m o n d necklace (for mates> 

“ lf I had known this was going to happen,' 
;cracked Killen, "I would have suggested that Bill record Solid Gold ( add lac 
( barile Daniels has a booking coming up tit not 
“ t id a lly h a pp y about." 

Charlie went into a lo cal hospital F eb. 9 for s u r g e r y on in s left 
.thu mb. An operation ut c o n i fated try an accident 
“ t h at j u s t h a p p e n e d w lien C h a r l i e an d iii band were iii Washington la st month to play at 
C a r t e r inaugural flint 
(iou. 

Tie up spring fashion with Air Step casuals on a polyurethane bottom 

These great sporty shoes have all the smart style you want for spring and summer. They're just right for pants, shorts or casual skirts and dresses. Plus, they have an all new polyurethane molded one-piece bot­ tom that's flexible enough to give you total walking comfort. Choose the 
Scuff above left, a slip-on mule style with contrast stitching Red, navy, whiskey or white, 23.oo. Rhythm’, above right, is a quarter- strap sandal in white, navy or camel, 24.oo. Both have soft leather uppers and come in sizes 6V2-IO narrow and 5-1o medium. Women s Shoes, Down­ town, North Star, Windsor Park, Austin. Charge it! 

OPEN 
ONE 

 tai A UNIT OF ALLIED STORES 

SHOP ALL STORES IO ’TIL 9 MONDAY! 

Do you enj oy the c o n v e n i e n c e of a 
J o s k e ' s C h a r g e 
Account? Open one by February 26 and 
M O N D A V I be e 1*?1*)1* to win 
JYlWli 1/rY I . pri2es totaling $15oo. 
Ask for details at any 
Joske's store. 

DIAL 227-4211 TOMOR­ 
ROW AND ORDER BY 
PHONE! We ll charge it lo your Joske's account' TO 
CALL J O S K E 'S TOLL 
TREE if you live within a 
6o-mile radius of San Anto­ nio, dial Operator and ask for ENterprise 9951 

M G I 16 EXPtESS NEWS SUNDAY M AGAZINE— Fab. 13, 1977 

★ 

IT TAKES UP WHERE 

TV LEFT OFF 

.PAGES 9.11 

CHEEKY NEW 
FASHION 

PAGE 13 

LOVE CURES 
INSOMNIA 

PAGES 

SINATRA’S 
BACK ON TV 

PAGE 15 

THE SKINNY 
PERSON’S DIET 

PAGE 18 

Bronson, Jill and sex 

Prince’s young mistress is left empty-handed 
AMERICAN bom Christine Week ert (above) was the mistress of the late Prince Stanislas Radzi will And when he died last J urn', he left her $7o,ooo in his will. 
But the shapely Miss Weckert is unlikely to ever to see any of her lover's money 

For the Prince, 61, formerly wed to Jackie Onassis' sister l„ee 
Had/iwill, left a million dollars in legacies—bul nothing to pay them with 

Legal experts have told THE 
STAR that his estate, which is mainly tied up in property, is vir­ tually worthless because of debts 

The Polish-bom Prince became a prominent figure in the london property market after World War ll 

After divorcing Lee Radziwill in 1974, the Prince moved into a town house near Buckingham Pal­ ace with Miss Weckert His for­ mer wife was not named in the will. 

How town lures] doctors-to-be 
A TOWN is beating its doctor shor tage by dangling a bait of thou sands of dollars in front of medica students. 
The money goes to students wh< agree to practice in Martins Per ry, Ohio, for at least three year* after they complete their residen­ cy programs 
Onder the deal, the students can get up to $2,5oo a semester 

SAYINGS 
OF THI 
WEEK . . . 
• VICKIE CHESSER BENCH. on her baseball star husband 
Johnny Bench: "He is a great athlete, a mediocre everything else and a true tragedy as a person.’’ 
• RICHARD HARRIS, on why he quit drinking heavily: "The only thing that can go out ev­ ery night and be bright the next day is a light bulb.” 
• PETER BOYLE, who por trayed Joe McCarthy in the movie Tail Gunner Joe: "The more I knew about McCarthy as a man, the more I liked the man and the less I liked his politics.” 
• MIKE 
MEDA VOY, 
West 
Coast head of United Artists: 
“Steve McQueen is asking for and getting $3 million for each picture I don’t know that he s worth it. I don't think anyone is.” 
• PRINCE 
CHARLES, on choosing a wife: "A fish mer­ chant told me, 
Master, you make sure you look at the mother first.’ ” 

• MAE WEST, 83: “I feel like 
I’m 2o. No, make that 26 ” 
• NANCY KISSINGER, on life out of office with Henry: "It will be freer. Presumably, no one will be interested in our garbage.” 
• DAVID HARTMAN, host of 
ABC-TV’s 
Good 
Morning 
America: 
"This show is a tremendous learning process for me Initially, I was inturn-’ dated and I felt inferior." 

• JAMES BALDWIN, the au­ thor. on why he has returned to 
New York after living for 3o years in France: “I want to watch some of my tribe grow up I have 67 nieces and neph­ ews. from Baltimore to New 
York.” 

• ROY SC HEIDER, the actor, explaining his sex appeal: “I catch myself standing in front of a mirror, combing my hair, wondering and then I take a good look at my face with its broken nose and its 2o-degree warp, and I have a terrific time laughing.” 

All hell’s a-poppin’ 

THE show was called Hellzapoppin. But the real sparks were flying off-stage between feuding co- stars Jerry Lewis and Lynn Redgrave (above). The 
$l-million musical collapsed three weeks before its scheduled Broadway debut with an angry Lewis re­ fusing to rehearse its “sub-standard” songs with 
Miss Redgrave. Still simmering, the actress says of his decision: “Jerry has a right to his opinion, but he’s wrong.” 

The Governor’s girl... 

WHEN California’s Jerry Brown mounted his short­ lived bid for the Presidency last year, singer Linda 
Ronstadt was one of the first showbiz stars to help his fund-raising effort. The campaign soon died, but their friendship hasn t. 
Word is that bachelor Jerry, 39, and the lovely 
Linda have now become an item. They are frequent dinner partners and he squired her to President 
Carter s Inauguration in January. 
However, friends of the couple say it’s too soon to talk of a romance. Brown has also been seeing 
Candice Bergen. And Linda, 3o, sees Mick Jagger 
A woman who knows Brown told THE STAR: 
“Jerry is a marvelous escort and he enjoys the company of attractive women. There's no more to it than that.” 

HENRY FONDA (above), was back at work last week, 48 hours after emerging from a hos­ pital’s intensive care unit. The 71-year-old ac­ tor had surgery on his heart pacemaker after becoming sick while completing his lastest movie, The I .ast Of The Cowboys. With some dialogue still to be dubbed, Fonda summoned rookie director John Leone to his beside for a recording session Leone said later "They just don't make stars like Fonda anymore.” 

THE Siberian like snow that gripped the North 
East must have seemed just like home for ex lied Soviet author Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, 58 It inspired the bearded novelist to take a walk near his estate in Montpelier, Vt Solzhenitsyn is so publicity-shy that a recorded voice warns would be visitors to his property: "There is no­ body to talk to. You can’t come in.” 

Swimmer taking a new plunge 
HANDSOME John Naber, the swimmer who won four gold medals at the Montreal 
Olympics, is looking for a new career. The 
6-ft 6-ins tall 
Californian is tiring of his grueling three-hour training sessions, six- aays-a-week. Naber, who graduates from 
University of California in April, says: “ If 
I stop swimming nobody will be disappoint­ ed, but I’ll wait and see what work I can get.” 

! Ever seen a 
Manhattanite on the rocks? Well here s one, from the crazy world of photographer 
Alfred Gescheidt victim of this winter’s severe wind chill, this 
New Yorker was about to crack under the icy con­ ditions when a giant pair of tongs came to his res­ cue 
After last month s sub-zero temperatures, millions of Ameri­ cans know just how he felt. 

DOCTOR’S 
CASEBOOK' 

Mysterious disease is a crippler of women 

Mrs louise Keller. 5o. wife of a successful engineering executive, was one of mv healthiest patients. 
She d come into nu office only occasionally—for her regular checkup—and I d always check her out to bt4 in tile best of physi­ cal health then, one night, without warn­ ing. she was overcome In a dis­ ease that could change the very course of her life 
One night, she turned over in her sleep—and broke her arm! 
Unfortunately, the worst was yet to come 
I immediately ordered special 
X rays hoping my worst fears would be wrong But the problem. as I had suspected, was extrem e­ ly serious. 

 louise had developed osteopo­ rosis, an illness not familiar to most Americans but one in 15 million know can bt* crippling and disabling because they suffer from it 
For example, the shrunken old woman bent over by an unsightly 
“dowager s hump between her shoulders blades surely has osteo­ porosis. 

It is a disease that gradually thias the bones by robbing them of calcium and it can be both painful, disabling and disfiguring 

We also don’t know whether the onset of menopause contrib­ utes to the gradual loss of vital minerals from the tomes 

Why Sophia Loren won’t live in America 

Even worse, scientists have yet to resolve whether osteoporosis is truly a disease or merely the nat­ ural result of aging 
Nor can they tell why it strikes about four times as many women as men, or why it most often strikes women of Anglo-Saxon and 
Northern European ancestry 

Navy faces a new Menace 

DENNIS the Menace has traded in his sling shot for Navy blue. Jay North (left) the actor who played the little TV ter­ ror, has enlisted for a four-year tour in the U S. Navy. 
There to welcome him at the Recruit Training Center in Or­ lando, Fla , was another former child actor Jackie Cooper 
(top,right), now a captain rn the Naval Reserve. 
North. 25, joined the Navy because he hasn t had an acting 
V rn 
J°b in three years ‘‘The work situation in California had got­ ten so slow,’ he complained 

Fortunately for Louise. I was able to detect the problem before critical bone loss occurred 
So I immediately add«*d flounde to her diet until it reached IO nul- ligrams a day 
But this is where I stopped be­ cause too much can do more harm than good 
Next. I put her on a diet high in calcium and containing a good supply of rich green vegetables 
Even more important, 
I pre­ scribed exercise featuring lots of walking and swimming 
It has been demonstrated that lack of exercise can lead to osteo­ porosis and that women who. growing older, walk less and stop participating in sports, mav be making trouble for themselves 
Still, I made certain louise was not on so vigorous a regimen as to put too much strain on her now- brittle bones 
There are indications a hor­ mone called calcitonin, produced by the thyroid gland, mas help os­ teoporosis sufferers 
Meantime, all we can do is hope and wait, and prescribe to the best of our ability 

She’s 24, beautiful, a millionairess, and has the entire world of gold and jewelry by the throat 

Stevie, 16, the wonder jockey, races to $ 1 rn 

APPRENTICE 
.jockey 
Steve 
Cauthen (above) is the biggest sensation in thoroughbred racing since Secretariat 
The 16-yr-old son of a Kentucky blacksmith has been riding horses since he could walk. Steve had his grounding at mid-West tracks, rode his first winner last May, and came to New York in Decem­ ber with 25o winners under his belt. 
He's still able to claim five pounds for another four months — an apprentice can claim the weight allowance for a year after he rode his first winner 
Stevie rode a phenomenal 62 winners in just over a month 
The baby-faced rider is earning up to $2o,ooo a week—and when he went to Santa Anita. Calif., for a day's racing recently he put 1o.ooo on the attendance. 
When he finishes his day at 
New York's Aqueduct he apes home to trainer Fred Tuffarriel- io's house to be tutored. 

At 24. Nathalie Hoca (above) has the entire world of diamonds and jewelry by the throat. She s man­ aging director of Cartier s—and globe trots regularly between the company’s stores in France, En­ gland and America. 
The beautiful millionairess has emerald eyes, flawless pearl teeth, a gold-plated suntan and a business head as hard as a 
4o-carat diamond 
“These days, if a woman really wants something enough to work hard for it, she can get it,” says 
Nathalie, snapping shut her $15oo gold cigar lighter. 

In the three years she s been running the business—since her father Robert Hocq bought it in 
1972—profits have soared 2oo per­ cent 
“ My father s interested only in figures and if they're good he doesn t interfere with the way I get them ,” she said. 
She s got them by blowing the dust off C artier's solid, heavily- encrusted image. 
Her most successful venture has been a senes of trendy -bou­ tiques selling luxury lighters, watches and luggage—all bearing the exclusive Cartier name 

In the next two years, she plans to bring her boutiques to every major city in the U S. 
Nathalie, who lives in a two-ter­ raced apartm ent in a fashionable section of Paris and travels to work in a white Rolls-Royce, says: 

 i 'm not stupid enough to see myself as another Louis Cartier 
He was a genius. I just see myself as a good businesswoman 

One day. she wants to m arry and have children 
“There s no reason why a high-powered wom­ an can t do both,” she says. 

SHAPELY Sophia Loren, on her first visit to Hol­ lywood in 16 years, revealed that she and her mov­ ie producer husband Carlo Ponti have decided against living in the U S 
The couple, who now live in Paris, were report­ ed ready to move to New York But Sophia, 42. says: “ Paris is where my two sons go to school and Paris is where we ll stay until they grow up.” 

Sally Field takes all Burt’s time 

IS the romance between Burt 
Reynolds and Sally Field still on? 
And, if so, how serious is it? — 
John Shader. Tuscon, Ariz. 
IT S very serious indeed. Burt is telling friends Sally is now the only girl in his life 
And when 
Burt says it, he means it. Sally is likely to be on location with him during shooting of his new football film Semi-Tough in Dallas this month. 
Rex’s love 

WHO is Rex Harrison's latest love? Or has he retired in that category after such an illustrious career? — Amanda Lewis, Ma­ con, Ga. 
KF.X is still in full swing For six months he was hot and heavy with British actress Gayle Hunni- cutt Now that he's in New York, the lady seen most on his arm is his ex wife, actress Rachel Rob­ erts. 

Brolin’s career 

WHATS happened to Jam es Bro­ lin’s career since he plaved Clark 
Gable in (table And Lombard?— 
Henr\ Donner, Milwaukee, Wis. 
PLENTY. Jim has just completed the super natural thriller The Car, due for release in March He’ll a1* so play an astronaut in Capricorn 
One 
The latter role has made 

Elizabeth Taylor 
James Brolin 
Dean Martin 

 him such a flying nut he recently built an airstrip on his Paso Ro­ bles ranch for his own plane 

Recycling stars 

COULD you tell me some stars who’ve had cosmetic surgery? — 
Danny 
Hamburg, 
Wilmington, 
I lei. 
DEAN Martin had a nose job many years ago. 
Though lew stars will admit having plastic surgery, riimors claim Cliff Rob­ ertson, Rock Hudson and Tony 
Curtis have had a few lines and wrinkles fixed. 
Phyllis 
Diller openly admits she had her whole 

 face done: “ I really needed it from birth!” 
Liza’s Barbra 

I HEARD Liza Minnelli does an imitation of Barbra Streisand? 
What does Streisand think about that? — Diane Christiansen, Uti­ ca. N.Y. 
SHE loves it. Barbra has seen Li­ za imitate her singing her oldie hit 
People several times and thinks it s a riot. 

Fonz) Winkler is immortalized in the Hollywood wax museum. — 
Billy Hedges. Brooklyn, N.Y. 
HE'LL be there by March. He should have had a statue by now but wax museum owner Spoony 
Singh didn t know who The Fonz was because he never watches television. 

Dylan’s friend 

I HEARD folk star Bob Dylan and 
Marlorf 
Brando were chums. 
True? — Johnny Altman, Newport 
News. Va. 
YES. They met three years ago at director Francis Ford Coppola’s home in San Francisco and be­ came so close Dylan persuaded 
Brando to attend a Jewish reli­ gious sendee with him once. They still keep in frequent contact. 

Liz’s plans 

Rich Man star is single 

PLEASE tell me everything von can about James Carroll Jordan, that terrific young actor on Kith Man. Poor Man. — Hanna Jackson. Cincin­ nati. Ohio. 
JIM. 27, was born in Germany and traveled the world with his father, a career military officer He attended more than a dozen schools before he was 18 and graduated from the London Academy of Dramatic Art. 
After playing several small parts in TV series, he landed his plum role in Rich Man. Poor Man. He lives alone in a Hollywood apartment and is a very eligible bachelor. 

IS Liz Tay lor giving up her acting career now that she’s married and living back east? — Shirley 
Strozier, New Orleans, La. 
NOT a chance. Liz plans to start 
Winter Kills in March, a story loosely based on the JFK assassi­ nation. She will, however, open a women’s boutique in Washington 
DC. and spend time there. 

Wax Fonz 

I'LL soon be visiting Hollywood and want to know if Henry (The 

STARSCOPE ★ STARSCOPE ★ STARSCOPE 

 h 
MUES: March 
JI to Y p n l IS 

 expensive. Try to make a reconciliation. Cycle high 
You gel the go­ ahead on projects Dis­ appointments in finan­ cial area 

^ 
' 
I t it 
Juts : i to 
'.A a 
Vunusi 
LET others make the decisions. Frustrations arise in financial areas lf you can travel, do so 
It will help your frame of mind 

 r n 
M M I rum s 
Nov. ti to Dec. 
EXPECT minor an­ noyances at home Your gambling instincts are aroused, not only with money but romance, too 
Avoid quarrels with co-workers 

□ 
I VI KIS: Ypril 
J* to Vlav .st 

SOCIAL life is favora­ ble. Congenial friends are useful. Do not let emotions rule your ac­ tions. 
Emotions run high. A disappointment makes you angry. 

I v I V I K G O : 
YutSUM 
. 
21 to Sept ti 
AVOID petty irrita­ tions at work. Indeci­ sion makes you pass up a good opportunity. 
Avoid travel and expect problems with in-laws, lawyers or teachers. 

 gfel 
I YPKIIOHV 
1 ^ 1 Der. J2 to Jan it* 
R E L IV E S and neigh­ bors may have you con­ fused Don’t daydream while driving on the 
19th Attend to home or family matters. Loved upset you. 
< MIC­ 

C I I T MI NI Mils 

 g * j 
.'I et J u n e 
JI 
NEW responsibilities come from parents or at work Social life bright­ ens. Do not endanger your popularity. Do not think in negative terms. 

LIBBY: septem­ ber 24 lo (Jet. ft 
THE New Moon stirs up lovers and children. 
You can expect some frustrations in health and work areas. Coop­ eration with mate brings beneficial re­ sults, 

VIJ! YUII s : 
Jan. Jo to Feb. 19 
BEWARE of financial trickery and avoid strangers. 
These are good days for visiting, shopping and running errands. You get a nice bargain 

( W EH: June 
Si to Julx J J 
DO not start financial arguments. You want to put distance between yourself and the hum­ drum that bores you. 
Your parents may con­ cern you. 

E JS st OKPIO: Ot to her 24 to Nov. 22 
CHILDREN or love<t ones seem ungrateful. 
You get much accom­ plished at work. Avoid overindulgences in health area. 
Every­ thing goes wrong with a close associate. 

 f i j i r i m e s 
Feb It* to March JI 
SECRETS come to light. Good days to dis­ cuss financial matters. 
You can expect some upsets in transportation and communication. 

LAURIE BRADY 

Doctor tells how to remember yow medication 

DOCTORS are adopting a psy­ chological approach to help pa­ tients who forget to take daily medication 
‘‘People often forget their pills when they’re feeling good,” says 
Professor W Stewart A gras, a be­ havioral scientist at the Univer­ sity of California in Davis 

Dr, Agras found that patients are more likely to rem em ber it if their daily doses are reduced. 

“ lf thev were taking two pills a day, we bring it down to one,” he explained. ’ This makes it much harder to forget ” 

Here are other tips: 
• If you come home in the eve­ ning and the first thing you do is get a soda, put the pills next to the soda. 
• lf you lake pills last thing at night, put them next to your tooth­ brush as a reminder. 

•ss® 
•SSS 

.< f 
Sally Fields: She goes where ever 
Burt Reynolds goes. 
NIXON HATCHET 
MAN IS HAPPY 
PREACHING THE 
GOSPEL IN JAIL 

By ROGER LANGLEY 

CHARLES COLSON, President Nixon's hated hatchet man. told this week how he has found peace of m ind . . . preaching the gospel inside prisons. 
"God has called me into prison work,” Colson told THE STAR. “ I have the credibility to talk to those guys on their level and they listen to me and they believe, they honestly do 
' There is a bond between anyone who has served time in prison.” 
Colson served seven months in jail and was fined $5,ooo for ob­ struction of justice after a ‘dirty tricks” campaign against Daniel 
Ellsberg, the man who leaked the secret Pentagon Papers. 
Colson fed false information about Ellsberg to newspapers in an attempt to color the case against the young lawyer who was under indictment. 
Colson says he voluntarily pleaded guilty because of his con­ version to Christ. 
He explained 
* Although 
I knew nothing of the break in at the office of Ellsberg’s psychia­ trist, I thought it was justified. 
’ So why should my guilt or in­ nocence turn on the particular day I learned of the misdeed? Le­ gal niceties make moral non­ sense.” 
Now disbarred as a lawyer, 
Colson devotes his time to preach­ ing in prisons, working for a non­ profit organization called Prison 
Fellowship. 
But it wasn’t always that way. 
Many people are still convinced that Colson was behind all the 
’ dirty tricks” associated with the 
Nixon Administration. 
But he says: i f one-tenth of the things printed about me were true, I wouldn't be sitting here.” 
Colson is often fingered as the man who hired Howard Hunt to form the Watergate Plumbers, the burglars who broke into the 
Democratic offices at the Water­ gate complex in Washington, D C. 
“ I didn’t hire Hunt,” he said. 
“ And I never asked the President to offer him clemency.” 
Colson said he still doesn’t know why the Watergate break-in took place 

( huck Colson: Loyalty blurred his sense of right and wrong- 

But he s often wondered wheth­ er there was any connection be tween the fact that Larry O’Brien, whose office it was that was bro­ ken into at the Watergate, had once worked for Howard Hughes 
“ I think the Hughes Tool Co was an enormous corrupting influ­ ence in Government,” said Col­ son. 
"They were penetrating every­ where — putting everybody on their payroll — Democrats and 
Republicans alike. 
"The CIA-connected people in 
Watergate got off better than the rest of us. 
' The fact that Dick Helms 
(CIA chief) could openly perjure himself so many times ana a guy like Gordon Liddy sits in jail shows the old boy establishment still doses ranks and takes care of its own.” 
Colson admits he was guilty of some dirty tricks 

By VAUN WILMOTT 

Still wearing their wet clothes, the five skated back to shore, jumped into a pick up truck and circled the mile-wide lake to the other shore. 
Roping themselves to 
J uts 
Lake residents Phil Middleton, 
Larry Hughes and Jim Moyer, t'.e hockey players inched across the ice. crawling on their stomachs some of the way. 
Hanna was barely conscious when they pulled him from the waler and his wife had vanished 
Miller stripped and dove through the ragged hole in the ice. 
We didn t have time to debate it.” said the 2oo-pound Miller 
“ Because I vc got a good layer of meat over my bones and can shun cold. I went in. I'd already had two dunkings and didn t think I could get any colder/' 
Miller made two deep dives but couidn t see Mrs. Hanna. Finally the cold forced him from the wa­ ter. 
She just wasn’t there," Miller said * And I was wrong about not getting any colder I could and did I was frozen.” 
His teammates gave him cof­ fee. wrapped him rn blankets and rubbed his body to restore circu­ lation 
Later fie soaked in hot 

 baths and stood over a fire until his body warmth returned. 
Meanwhile, others on shore stripped Hanna and placed him in a sleeping bag Nordan Hall got in with him 
“That’s the best way to restore body heat when .somebody is froz­ en.’ Miller explained 
All the hockey team members had taken IOO hours of paramedic training “ And this was where it paid off,” Miller said 
Nominated for a heroism award. Miller minimizes his role in the rescue 
“ It was definitely a group effort by the team and townspeople," he told THE STAR. 
I just happened to be one of them." 

FREEZE KILLS PESKY 
SUMMERTIME INSECTS 
AMERICA'S big freeze mas bring an end to the swarms of fleas, flies and ticks that have plagued recent summers. 
Temperatures this winter have been consistently cold enough to destroy the insect larvae, said Dr. 
Paul Lutz, chairman of the Uni­ versity of 
North Carolina al 
Greensboro. 
He said if the cold weather con­ tinues. many insect eggs normally resistent to temperatures in the teens and 2os will be killed. 

Tennis super-couple 

 fry sex for insomnia, say doctors 
HOOEY PLAYER DIVES THROUGH 
ICE IN AN AMAZING LAKE RESCUE 

Bjorn Borg and his fiancee Mariana Simonescu — they have their love and $1.5 million to keep them warm. 

BJORN Borg and Mariana Si­ monescu have it all—each oth­ er and $1.5 million. 
That’s the price tag on the contract the Swedish superstar 
Borg has just signed with the 
Cleveland Nets of the World 
Team Tennis Association. 
Borg insisted that Mariana be part of the deal. They have been inseparable ever since they met last year. They’re now engaged. 
Mariana is an impressive tennis talent herself— number two among women players of her native Romania. 
Until the Cleveland offer, 
Swedish officials had been able to convince Borg not to join team competition. 
But the Nets offer was too good to pass up, especially with its $2o,ooo a year for Mar­ iana and the same for Borg’s coach Lennert Bcrgelin. 
It means they can continue their seemingly charmed life as tennis's happiest young cou­ ple Both are 2o. 
“ We are in love and it feels great,” 
Borg said at their apartment in Boca Raton. Fla. 
Mariana added: “ He’s ev­ erything I ever dreamed of in a man.” 
Even doing the laundry’ to­ gether delights the young lov­ ers. 

FIVE hockey players struggled across crumbling ice. som e­ times on their stomachs, in a courageous bid to save two ska­ ters who had fallen through the ice. 
One of the hockey players stripped off all his clothes and dived twice to the bottom of the lake. 
Finally they rescued Frank Hanna. 35. but were unable to save his wife Diana. 38. The drama began as the five frineds were practicing hockey at 
June 
Lake, a popular skiing resort in the mountains near California’s Yosemite National Park 
The five. all members of the 
June Lake hockey team are B Z. 
Miller. 26, Keith Potter, 27, both ski patrolmen. Mark Sanders. 21. a carpet installer, Nordan Hall, 
28, a ski shop manager; and 
Chuck MacLaren. 25. a ski shop employee. 

DON'T take drugs to get to sleep 
Make love. 
That's the advice of group of 
London doctors who have formed 
CURB—the Campaign on the Use and Restriction of Barbiturates. 
In their panel on going to sleep without pills, they place lovemak­ ing at the top of their list of way s to relax and get a good night's rest 
They warn. however, that it’s not the best remedy for compul- j sive worriers about sexual per­ formance. Post-sex anxiety is just something else to keep such peo­ ple awake. 
For them, the doctors recom­ mend a long walk before bedtime and a good book until drowsiness descends. 
Another type who should be­ ware of lovemaking to induce sleep is the middle-aged man with a young mistress. 
The doctors cited a study by the 
Medical Department of West Ber­ lin University, whose Prof. Ber- j nard Kruland said: 
“ Sex outside marriage is dan­ gerous for the heart because it is | more exciting. A girlfriend is usually more demanding and more exhausting than a wife.” 
Of 114 men who died wfiile mak­ ing love, according to the German study. 9o were middle-aged gents sleeping with girlfriends. 

Suddenly, the five heard screams from skaters near the center of the lake The Hannas had plunged through the ice about 
5o feet from the opposite shore 
“The quickest way to reach them was straight across the lake.” Miller told THE STAR 
“ But between us and them were varying thicknesses of ice.” 
Even as the hockey players skated toward the Hannas, ice was crumbling under their skates, 
Five hundred feet from the cou­ ple. ail five men plunged into the water. 
They‘swam to thicker Ice and climbed out But their way was blocked by a passage of open wa­ ler. 
Hockey players Nordan Hall and 
Mark Sanders at rescue scene. 

Bjorn and Mariana, both 2o, prove doing the laundry — together — can be fun. 

 get a giant 
$1.5 million for Bjorn Borg and Mariana 

By ROSS GREGOR 

 nest egg 

STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS • STAR LETTERS 

I WANTED a cup of coffee, but didn’t want to make it my­ self. I silently wished my hus­ band would get up and do it. 
Suddenly, he got up and headed for the bathroom, stopped and went to the kitchen and cam e back with a cup of coffee. 
I asked him why he got me the coffee, but he really couldn’t ex­ plain. except to say that a feeling came over him. 
Since then we’ve experim ented with num bers and find that we can mentally communicate. 
I ll have him pick out a number between one and IO and visualize it in his mind I get one chance to guess the number. 
I have guessed right many times and have since enlarged the numbers all the way to 25. 
Another exam ple: I had started this letter to THE STAR when I decided to put it off until morning. 
I went and sat on the floor by ray husband’s feet. He was sur­ prised, and told me that only mo­ ments before he had wished I'd do just that. 
I rarely sit that way because it is uncomfortable. — Mrs. Richard 
Silcox, Kent, Wash. 
• HAVE you ever m entally communicated aith an>one? Tell us about It. $5 for every letter published. Write: MENTAL TE­ 
LEPATHY, Sa* Antonio Express, 
P.O. Box 2171, San Antonio, Texas 
7H297. bine tuning 
OUR neighbors are newlyweds still trying to furnish their apart­ ment. One evening while visiting 

My husband always knows what’s on my mind 

Mrs. Silcox: Her husband shares her secret thoughts. 

 them , the wife said to her hus­ band. "You know, honey, if we miss two paym ents on the wash­ ing m achine and one on the re­ frigerator we ll have a down pay­ ment on a TV set." — J.L., West 
Palm Beach, Ela. 
Sega tile req e t ion 

WE are expecting our first ba­ by. My husband says: "Now. hon­ ey, don’t go buying baby clothes until it’s born, otherwise you might get the wrong size.” — 
Connie Ashton, St. Louis, Mo. 

Heel... 

I WENT to pick up my shoes 

 from the repair shop and discov­ ered I d lost my claim check. As the shoem aker was trying to dis­ cover which pair of shoes was mine, my dachshund, 
Doxie, started sniffing at a row of shoes. 

Suddenly, he grabbed one and brought it to me. then ran back for the other Sure enough, they were mine. 
— G.G. C rabtree, 
Lansing. Mich. 

Faint praise 

ONE thing can be said for chil­ dren. They never pull out pictures of their grandparents. — Pat Jue- nem ann, Clem ents, Minn. 

Drinker's diet 

BECAUSE of a stom ach ulcer, my grandfather was forbidden to drink alcohol. He pestered my grandm other to let him have a lit­ tle wine with dinner, but she wouldn’t let him have even that. 

When she wasn’t looking, he poured a little wine in the stew 

I HEARD my children arguing outside the window as they shut fled through some old photo al­ bums 
"I was the biggest when I was bom ,’’ said Brian proudly. 
"W ell. m aybe." 
Maureen conceded, "but all the relatives agree that I was the prettiest." 
"H m m ph,” Kevin snorted, "I was walking and talking long be­ fore any of you." 
At that point, my oldest boy rode up on his bike and said trium phantly: "Ju st keep in mind that I was the original kid in this family. The rest ol you are lust caron copies." — Mildred Dooley, 
Chula Vista, Calif. 
Si riffle /Mt rent 

A FRIEND asked her 11-year- old son if he planned to gel m ar­ ried some day and have kids so that she could be a grandm a. 
He thought about it for a min­ ute. then said: ‘ Well, I might like to have som e kids someday, but 
I m not too nuts about having a wife.” — Nancy Nesbitt, Virginia, 
Minn. 
I Assort learned 

WHILE sitting in the dentist s 

THE INCREDIBLE 
THINGS KIDS SAY 

 with my six-year-old daughter 
Elizabeth, I struck up a conversa­ tion with two teenagers, 
Elizabeth listened for several minutes, then leaned over and whispered to me: "And what do you tell 
ME about talking to strangers?” 
— 
Betty 
Dubec. 
Fruitland, Ont. 
Man talk 

I MADE a glass of chocolate milk for my three-yearold neph­ ew, Don. After he finished drink­ ing, I noticed he had a chocolate 
"m ustache" so I got a napkin to wipe it off. 
He pulled his head away and said: "Don t wipe my m ustache away. It m akes me look more like a man 
—- Johann Cittudino, Uti­ ca, N.Y. 
Faerie sound 

I WAS in the bedroom and my three year-old daughter 
Yvette 
PLEASE PRA 
Y FOR . . . 

MYSELF, that my unborn baby will be healthy because m y first baby son died — Patsy Lo M artin, Gettysburg, Pa. 
MY BOYFRIEND, who drinks too much but is trying hard to quit, that 
God give him the strength to stay sober — Loving Girlfriend Boston, 
Mass. 
MV MOTHER, that she may find it in her heart to forgive me and take m e home again. — Virginia G., Indianapolis. Ind. 
I NCLE BENNY, who lost his hand in an accident, that God give him the strength to adjust. — All His Nieces A Nephews, Phila., Pa. 
JOHNNY, who lost his m other, father and two sisters in a fire that burned their house down, that he will accept the love and home we warn to give him — His Loving Aunt and Uncle, Memphis, Tenn. 
AND all the STAR readers who asked for prayers. 

 was in the kitchen. Suddenly she cam e running down the hall and into my room. 
When I asked her why she was in such a hurry, she exclaim ed: 
"I heard a shadow!" — Gloria 
Freem an, El Monte, Calif. 
Soft S J M ) / 

MY son Chad. 3, and I were playing a gam e where I would point to my facial features and he would nam e them 
I pointed to my nose and he said: "T hat s your nose. Mom­ m y." 
I pointed to my mouth and he said: "T h a t’s your mouth, Mom­ m y,” 
I pointed to my forehead, and he said: "T h a t’s your headache'*" 
— Debbie Brey, Arleta, Calif. 
Old address 

DAVID, 4, was riding in the car when we cam e upon a truck load­ ed with used lum ber and nails sticking up all over. 
David watched for a while, then com m ented 
Look, G randpa a dead house ” — Gertrude 
Le- 
Blanc, Lockport, La. 
$5 
FOR YOUR 
LETTERS 

 she was m aking but he got caught in the act. 
"Now what did the doctor tell you?” she declared. 
"Tne doctor said not to take a drink. He didn’t say ’don’t eat a drink’," he replied. 
— 
Susan 
Fields, Seattle, Wash. 
High old time 

ALTHOUGH in my 7os, I get annoyed when people m y age 

 make unkind com m ents about the youngsters of today. 

They com plain about their long hair and crazy fashions, or grum ­ ble at the way they spend their tim e and money. 
Given half a chance and 5o-odd years, you wouldn’t catch me sit­ ting on the front porch or in front of the TV set — I d be out kicking up my heels with these young ones, long hair and all — Dell 
Stuart, Rock Island, ll). 

Size lei se 

MY boyfriend and I were snug­ gling up on the couch talking about the terrific looking gals and guys around these days. 
I rem arked: “ But never mind, hon, I’m all the gal you’ll ever need." 
“ And m ore," he said. 
Guess who’s on a diet? — Adele 
Smith, Holyoke, Mass. 

You’re copies of me, my son told his brothers 

ME pay $5 fur each letter printed 
\ddre>x your letters to whichever section you are writing to: Things 
Kids 
Say. Please Pray For, nr simply, Liveliest Letters. Indowed by San Yntonio Express, P.O. Box 
2171. San \ntonie, Texas 782§7. 
I here Is no payment or fee for prayer requests. 

Pedro the te a p o t pup 

 little Pedro, whose teapot home is a perfect fit, is winking be­ cause he’s a bit of a record-holder. His owner, Mrs. Jean Strat­ ton, of Berkshire, England, belies es he’s England’s smallest chihuahua. At 2o ounces, he's not much bigger than a teabag. 

WEIL FIND LIFE IN SPACE IN 
NEAR FUTURE 

LIFE could be discovered in outer space within our lifetime, a top 
U.S. scientist predicted this week. 
Dr M ark Chartrand, chairm an of New York’s Hayden P lanetar­ ium, m ade the forecast following the recent dram atic discovery of concentrations of w ater molecules in a distant galaxy. 

"W e have just recently learned to com m unicate over the vast dis­ tances in space," he said. ‘ We’ve just begun to search. 

" It is unlikely we ll find life in our solar system , but chances are good we ll find it somewhere else. 
I think it could happen in our lifetim e." 
W ater molecules were first dis­ covered in space in the 196os, but the recent discovery by West Ger- 
I man scientists using the world’s 

 largest portable radio telescope puts them in greater concentr a 
Hon than any found before. 

The discovery was m ade by the 
Max Planck Institute of Astrono­ my in Bonn using the 1o8-foot Ef- felsberg radio telescope. 

Dr C hartrand said he had one wish when life is eventually found on another planet: 
The chances are they would be more advanced than we are. I just hope they are sm arter than we are, too, and leave us alone. 
"E very tim e we’ve found a prim itive civilization on E arth, we’ve destroyed it. I hope that doesn't happen to the E arth as a whole." 

Bronson lets wife go solo in films-but the sex scenes ore toboo 

By STEVE DUNLEAVY 

TOUGH G U Y 
Charles 
Bronson has given his beautiful wife Jill 
Ireland the go-ahead for a sepa­ rate movie career of her own— but it w ont include any sex scenes. 
“ No sex scenes in future m ovies for J ill," Bronson told THE STAR in revealing that he and Jill, after eight years, won’t be co-starring together any more. 
“ I’m not prudish. It s just that 
Jill and I don’t want her involved in that sort of stuff. We discuss sex at home— straight, frank talks with the kids. 
“ But we don’t like sex on the screen. 
“ I have been asked to sim ulate the sex act on screen. I have re­ fused to do it. We both agree we don't like sex up there on the screen. I don’t condemn anyone for doing it, but not us." 
Jill has already turned down one role, the lead in a film called 
Good Luck Miss W'ycoff. She ad­ mits it was too hot to handle. 
Miss Ireland and an actor were to simulate m aking love. 
“ How could I do that to my husband, the man in m y life?’’ she said. 
“ I didn’t even ask C harlie’s advice. I knew what his reaction would have been. 
That would have been a scene all by itself. 
“ Also, I wouldn’t want m y boys to go to school and have their friends say that they saw their mother do that." 

Advertising for their latest m ov­ ie together. 
From 
Noon 
Till 
Three, shows Bronson and Jill in poses suggesting semi nude inti­ m acy. But that will probably be the last tim e film -goers see them together. 

“ But I want to be my own wom­ an— to ck) m ore just for m e." Jill said. " I ’m very lucky to have m arried a man I’m happy to be with, but now’ that the children are older, I want to go on as a singer and an actress on my own " 

For eight years Jill has pain­ stakingly been a fulltime mother to their five children— two by his previous m arriage, two bv hers, and their own five-year-old daugh ter, Zuleika. 
She has also been a full-time 

I’m not a prude, but we don’t do those explicit scenes on film 

 wife to Bronson and his frequent film co-star. 

Now, Jill says, with their chil­ dren seeking iives of their own. the tim e has come for more time devoted just to herself. 
But there is no doubt that Bron­ son is still the* man who wears the pants and is still the super star in the fam ily. 

“ Men and women, weren’t meant to com pete — they just have to co-exist," Jill said, 
‘i ’ve never tried to beat Char­ lie at anything If I had a man I could beat. I'd move on. But real­ ly, life isn't fun without chal­ lenges 
That's why I’m so keen about the future challenges." 
Bronson, secure in his booming career, doesn’t feel at all threat ened by J ill’s new ambition. 
He said: “ Jill has been a movie star since she was a teenager 
She s very independent, which is one of the things I like about her 
“ I've never tried to put her in second place or made any deal that put her in second place be hind m e.” 
Speaking of his own career, 
Bronson said he tires of people asking him his movie philosophy or secret 
HOUSEWIVES WHO STEAL FOR LOVE 

MOST kleptom aniacs are secure middle-aged housewives who don’t need the things they steal, says a top psychiatrist 
“ They are driven by emotional need,” says Dr 
Jack Chernus, acting chief of psychiatry at Gou­ verneur Hospital, New York. 
"The most common feeling they express is one of not being loved, 
(rf having been slighted 
"T his lack of love occurred in these women's childhoods and it 

 becomes reactivated when they are older. 
“ Stealing helps soothe the wounds o f a childhood in which they missed love." 
Persons with kleptom aniac im pulses should review their child- hoods for exam ples of insults. slight, and lack of love, Dr Cher nus said. 
"If you realize where the im pulse com es from, this will help you overcom e it," he said 

He also advised kleptomania sufferers to think through the con­ sequences of their thefts, includ­ ing possible arrest and publicity, and to avoid places where they get the stealing urge. 
Discussing the problem with a psychiatrist, m inister or the fam i­ ly can also help, he said 
And, he warned, everybody in eluding kleptom aniacs should avoid the "m ild kleptom ania" ot stealing such item s as towels 

 from hotels and paper clips from the office 
He said teenage boys who steal cars for joyrides can often be helped by getting them involved with tile fam ily car and by help­ ing them prepare to be responsi­ ble drivers 
Young girls who steal trinkets from stores, Dr. Chernus said, are expressing love fantasies and can be helped bv discussing these feel­ ings with them. 

“ No secret," he says, “ it s a job. I'm in it for the money. 
“ Every picture I have m ade in the last seven years has earned back six to twenty tim es its cost. 
“ A lot of bankers want in on that kind of action 
They figure they can’t lose 
“ People can identify with the roles I play 
In my roles lately, 
I ve played a cop, a businessman, a farm er, a pilot, a boxer. 
“ This is a job for me. and I'm good at it. O kay, so I never win an Oscar. I prefer that Golden 
Globe Award they gave me, nam­ ing me the world film favorite. 
"The exhibitors rank me am ong the top ten. That m eans people like me 
I don't care about Hie critics. I'm no Brando, I'm no 
Burton either. 
"The difference is that they pick a script for a role, for them­ selves. I pick it for the public, I look for a good story, something the public wants to see 
"I don t practice any school of acting 
I think all that business about art is so much rubbish. I in not in m ovies for social reform. 
I’m in it for the money " 
Jill differs 
" I ’m a little selfish because I make them for m yself." she said. 
The Bronson m arriage is solid because it was built on a solid basis 
Bronson says 
"W e decided when we got m arried that our fam ily and our m arriage was going to com e first 
"That meant whenever I'd go off to m ake a film, she d com e with me, and so would the kids. 

I 
"W e’ve stuck to that and it hasn’t bee) easy. It s expensive for one thing." 
Jill sings the song Hullo And 
Goodbye in the Bronson’s new film and music plays a big part in her future plans 
One of her first pro jilt s will fie recording a modern group of chil­ dren’s songs 
"I d like to bring a lot of old­ fashioned lullabies back, update them and sing them in a modern vein," she said. 
"A ll the kids are ^oing to work with me on it Charlie s eldest son plays the piano, and my two play guitars ami piano it will be fun." 

Charles Bronson and Jill Ireland: They have a solid m arriage and separate careers. 

Charles and Jill relax on the set of one of the films in which they co-star together. 

The Bronsons in a steam y bedroom seem* in their new movie, From Noon Till Three. 

Doctors warn on measles: Children are being vaccinated at wrong age 

TEST YOUR BIBLE KNOWLEDGE ' 

COMPLETE those New Testament sentences by filling in the missing word in each 
I: ‘ For the law was given bv 
Moses but grace and ~ carne by 
Jesus Christ 
2 When Jesus was baptized the 
Spirit of God cann1 down in the shape of a —. 
3 
For what is a man profited if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own — 

4 
Jesus cured the blind man with clay made from dirt on the ground and —. 

 a J«*sus said "The Son ot man cometh at an hour when ye — nor " 

From The Complete Bible t^uiz 
Book by Dan Carlm.sk> < Berkley 
Paperback. $1 95>. 

By CH RISTIN A KIRK 

SCIENTISTS believe they have found the cause of recent outbreaks of measles among children who had been vacci­ nated against the disease. 
Studies showed that the vaccine was not as effective when given to babies under 13 months as it was in older children. 
The reason, the scientists found, is that babies a year old or youn­ 

 ger still carry natural antibodies against measles. 
These anti­ bodies, which they receive from their mothers in the womb, fight off the live measles virus when it is given to the child as a vaccine. and lower the child s immunity to the disease 
As the child gets older, these antibodies disappear from his blood and the vaccine becomes more effective. 
The findings have led medical authorities to recommend that 

 doctors delay giving the vaccine until the child is 15 months old. and that those who were vaccinat­ ed before they reached 13 months be revaccinated. 
More than 8o million children have been immunized since the program of vaccinating with live measles virus began in 1963 
The number of measles cases reported in the U.S. has dropped dramatically from 5oo.ooo a year in the pre-vaccine era to about 
35.ooo a year today. 

There has also been a corre­ sponding reduction in the number of cases of encephalitis, an often fatal disease which frequently fol­ lows a case of measles. 
But outbreaks of measles have occurred during the last five years, and they have affected adolescents as well as young chil­ dren. 
One study of an outbreak in 
Santa Clara County, Calif., in 1975 was reported in the January issue of the Journal of the American 
Medical Association. 
There were 93o cases of mea­ sles reported in the county that year, compared with 51 cases in 

I 1974. Two cases of encephalitis oc­ curred, and one was fatal. 
Doctors tested the blood of 465 of the children who had come down with the disease, despite the fact that they all had been vacci­ nated against it. 
The most important finding was that children who were immu­ nized at 12 months had a much lower level of immunity than those vaccinated at 13 months or later. 
"The data suggest that mater­ nally derived antibodies may persist in some 12-month-old in­ fants and interfere with immuni­ zation. the researchers conclud­ ed 
The doctors also noted that the peak incidence of measles has shifted from preschool children to adolescents. 

Robert the lion chases pie in the sky 

The report said: "Susceptible adolescents, many of whom had been unsuccessfully immunized, previously escaped having mea­ sles as young children because of good community control, but ac­ quired the disease when ex­ posed.” 
The doctors involved in the San­ ta Clara study made these recom- mendat ions: 

THIS feathered visitor is clearly nobody's pi­ geon...least of all Robert the lion cub s. 
Robert thought his food was coming air mail when this pigeon alighted on a log in his cage. But some fancy footwork soon put him out of Robert’s reach. 
Which goes to show that all this king of the jungle stuff really is for the birds. 

• Measles immunization should probably be deferred until 14 or 15 months of age. The only exception should be if there is a measles outbreak, in which case children younger than 12 months should be immunized. 
• More importantly, all chil­ dren who were immunized before 
13 months of age, especially those immunized prior to 1974, should be revaccinated the doctors urged: "A serious effort should be made to reim- munize susceptible adolescents before they reach adulthood, when travel or entry to the mili­ tary service may increase their chance of acquiring measles as adults, with its attendant risks and inconveniences.” 
DON’T BE TOO KIND’ TO YOUR KIDS 

DEAR LOIS: 

IT IS important for parents to learn how to deny things to their children, a top psychiatrist said this week 
"A child can learn as much from occasional frustration of his needs as he does from gratifica tion of needs,” said Dr Alfred A 
Messer, of Atlanta, Ga 
"Giving a child everything he wants is not realistic child rear­ ing Where else in life will he be treated so kindly?” 
Dr. Messer gave this advice to parents on their kids: 

• Praise the child’s actions when they merit praise and con­ demn his actions when they are wrong 
It s important to approve or dis­ approve the child s 
"actions" rather than the1 child himself be­ cause every child needs assur­ ance that he is loved regardless of his behavior 
• Exercise your authority whenever the clinid is unable to use his own judgment A young boy might ask permission lo ride his bicycle to school through 

 heavy traffic each day. Use your authority to say "no” because his judgment of the traffic hazards is not valid. 

• Help your child learn to con­ trol his anger. Teach the child that feeling anger is different from acting it. It is better for him to use words to express his anger than to start a fist fight 

If the child has a temper tan­ trum, use mild physical restraint until he "kicks himself out” and regains control of his own behav­ 

 ior Only then can you reason with him. 
• Give privileges as a reward for good behavior and withhold privileges for unacceptable be­ havior This can be a powerful learning device for the child and a good method of discipline for parenLs. 
• Don t feel guilty about using babysitters. Exposing the young to a number of responsible adults and teenagers of different per­ sonalities prepares them for what they will face later in life. 

Lasagna with a difference 

Dip into your magic recipe file and come up with something that tastes Italian and is a diet food for my dieting moth­ er-in-law who thinks she will die of monotony now that her pasta is past. Janet. Beltsville, Md. 

DEAR Janet: Run to the store and buy the ingredients for this dish. Some call it diet Lasagna, I call it Italian Strata. You'll both call it delicious. Here it is: 

Italian Strata 

I pound ground veal or beef, *4 cup minced onion. I 8-ounce can tomato sauce. I teaspoon basil, I teaspoon parsley. ‘ » teaspoon ore­ gano. 4 ounces mozzarella cheese, dash garlic salt, dash pepper, I 
4-ounce can mushrooms, drained, 
I 
IG-ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed, 
8 ounces cottage cheese. 
Saute onion and ground meat until onion is transparent. Add to­ mato sauce, basil, parsley, ore­ gano. garlic salt, pepper, and mushrooms. Squeeze liguid from thawed spinach and combine with cottage cheese. Cut mozzarella cheese in strips. 
In 7” x ll” baking dish arrange in layers spinach mixture, meat mixture, then mozzarella cheese. 
Repeat, ending with hard cheese. Bake in 375c oven for 15-2o minutes or until hot and bubbly. 
Recipe serves 4 for dinner. Reci­ pe contains 4*2 limited vegetable allowances and the equivalent of 
24 oum es of cooked protein. 

Boyfriend problem 

DEAR Lois: For the first time in my life I have a real boyfriend and I love him and he loves me 
But i'm afraid that I II lose him if 
I get any fatter. I am 16, and I weigh about 175 
The only time I ever succeeded in losing weight was when 
I pined one group last year and I ost 6 lbs in one week. But I can t seem to lose any more. Please help me before I lose him — C K ., 
Texas. 

DEAR C.K.: Whoa up! I take it from your letter that you only at­ tended one group one week. That won’t help I suggest that you try another weight group (the one you attended does not have a set diet program; look for one that does. I 
Keep your attendance up, and your weight will go down. 
Just remember this: 16-year-old loves are great fun while they last. Enjoy it. but don't think that if you lose weight and you sudden­ ly fall out of love it’s because you're thin. It will probably be be­ cause you're growing up. So lose weight and have a happy boy­ friend! 

DIET 
WORKSHOP 

By lois 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

★ 

* 

¥ 

¥ 

1 ¥ 

¥ 

Ahead of them was a clearing in the woods with a few wooden store­ fronts at the intersection of the road they were on and another one crossing it at right angles 
Three white men — one sitting on a nail keg, another in a rocker, the third propped on the back legs of a stool with his back to a clap­ board wall and his feet on a hitching post—nudged one another and nodded at the line of dusty wa- 
______________________________ 

Chicken George (Ben Vereenj and his wife Matilda (Olivia ('ole! arrive together in Tennessee, the promised land. This time, no white man’s laws will tear them apart. But death awaits . . . 

*ers gons and their passerine boys rolling a 
A cou­ ple of white boys rolling a hoop stopped in their tracks and stared, the hoop rolling on beyond them into the middle of the road, where it twirled a few times and fell 
An elderly black man sweeping off a stoop looked at them im pas sively for a long moment and then broke into a small, slow smile. A large dog that was scratching himself beside a rain barrel paused, leg in the air, to cock his head at them, then went back to scratching 
“ I done to!’ y’all dis here a new settlement, ” said 
Chicken 
George, talking fast “ Dey’s only a hundred or so white folks livm roun' here yet, so even wid jes' our fifteen wagons lef after all dem dat dropped off to settle on de way here, we’se jes’ bout goin’ double de pop lation We se gittin’ in on de ground’ flo’ of a growin' town ” 
“Weel, ain't nothin’ it can do but grow, dais sho',’ said Chicken 
George s boy L'll George without smiling. 
“Jes wait’ll y all sees de prime farmlan dey got.” said his father brightly, rubbing his hands with anticipation 
“ Prob’lv swamp,” muttered 

ITOW the blok Kinta. ('op>n*ht © ISH b» Alee Hate) 
* rumteftaed veruun ut a (netim ut tftt* « u rt tiral ap peered in Header a Ingest Cup* ngju © l*7t by the 
Header a Ingest Auor tattoo bit fin -ti sited by I n u bu­ da) and Compony Int 

BOOK BONUS PULLOUT 

Li’I George's brother Ashford, wisely not loud enough for his fa­ ther to hear. 
But it was prime—rich and loa­ my. thirty acres of it for every family, scattered on checkerboard plots from the outskirts of town all the way to the white-owned farms that already occupied the best land in Lauderdale County, on the banks of the Hatchie River six miles to the north. 
Many of the white farms were as large as all of their property put together, but thirty acres was thirty more than any of them had ever owned before, and they had their hands full with that. 
Still living in their cramped wa­ gons, the families began grubbing up stumps and clearing brush the next morning 
Soon the furrows had been plowed and their first crops plant­ ed—mostly cotton, some com, with plots for vegetables and a patch for flowers. 
As they set about the next task of sawing down trees and splitting logs to build their cabins, Chicken 
George circulated from one farm to another on his horse, volunteer­ ing his advice on construction and trumpeting how he had changed their lives 

Even among Henning’s white settlers lie boasted about how those he had brought with him were going to help the town grow and prosper, not failing to men lion that his middle son Tom would soon be opening the area’s first blacksmith shop 
One day soon afterward, three white men rode up to Tom s plot as he and his sons were mixing a load of mud with hog bristles to chink the walls of his half built cabin. 
“Which one of you is the black­ smith?” one called from his horse 
Sure that his first customers had arrived even before he could get set up for business, Tom stepped out proudly. 
“We hear you’re figural’ to open a blacksmith shop here in town,” one said. 
“ Yassuh, Been lookin’ fo‘ de bes’ spot to build it Was thinkin’ maybe dat empty lot nex* to de sawmill ifn nobody else got his eye on it.” 
The three men exchanged glances “ Well, boy,” the second man went on. “no need of wasting time, we’ll get right to the point. 
You can blacksmith, that's fine. 
But if you want to do it in this 

 town, you’ll have to work for a white man that owns the shop 
Had you figured on that?’’ 
Such a rage flooded up in Tom that nearly a minute passed be­ fore he could trust himself to speak. “ Nawsuh, I ain't,” he said slowly. 
“ Me an’ my family's free now, we's jes' lookin’ to make our liv­ ing like anybody else, by workin' hard at what we knows to do.” 
He looked directly into the men's eyes. “ If I cain’t own what 
I do wid my own hands, den dis ain’t no place fo’ us.” 
The third white man said, “ lf that’s the way you feel, I speck you’re going to be ridin’ a long way in this state, boy ” 

“Well, we’s used to travehn .” said Tom. “ Ain t wantin’ to cause no trouble nowhere, but I got to be a man I just wisht I could o’ knowed how y’all felt here so my family wouldn’t of troubled y’all by stoppin’ atail ” 

“ Well, think about it, boy," said the second white man “ It s up to you.” 
“ You people got to learn not to let all this freedom talk go to your heads.” said the first man 
Turning their horses around 

 without another word, they rode off. 
When the news went flashing among the farm plots, the heads of each family came hurrying to see Tom. 

“Son," said Chicken George, 
“you’s knowed all yo’ life how white folks is Cain’t you ies’ start out dey way? Den good as you blacksmiths, won t take hardly no time to git em to turn roun .” 

“ All dat travelin’ an’ now pack 
S an’ co again!” exclaimed Ma­ rfa “ Don’t do dat to yo’ family, son' ” 
Irene joined the chorus “Tom. please' Tse jes’ tired! Tired*” 

But 
Tom's face was grim 
“Things don't never git better lf*ss‘n you makes ’em better'” he said 
“Ain’t stayin’ nowhere I can't do what a free man got a right to do 
Ain’t axin' nobody else to go wid us, but we packin’ our wagon an’ leavin' tomorrow .’* 
" I’m comm’, too'" said Ashford angrily. 

That night Tom went out walk­ ing by himself, weighed down by guilt at the new hardship he was imposing upon his family. 

He played back in his mind the 

CONTINUED 
ON NEXT PAGE 

The Star takes up the story where TV left off 

By Alex Holey 

THEY stood, ail of them, on the ridge, and looked around at the rolling green hills that stretched as far as the eye could see 
“Dis is it?” asked Tom. 
“ De promised Ian ?" asked Matilda. 
“Where dem pigs an’ watermelons poppin' out'n de groun asked one of the children, as Chicken George reined his horse to a halt. 
They stood there a long time, just looking Then they got back up on their wagons, and went on down the rutted road through the woods until Chicken George signaled them to stop 

THE TV serialization off Alex Haley’s book Roots caught everybody’s imagination. An estimated 13o million people watched the dramatized story of Hal­ ey’s ancestors, starting with the young African boy 
Kunta Kinte, snatched from his home by slave-trad­ ers and sold to a Southern plantation owner. We saw 
Kunta’s only daughter, Kizzy, torn from her parents and raped by her new owner, and met Chicken 
George, the son of the brutal assault. After the Civil 
War, Chicken George, now getting old, arrives In 
Tennessee to start a new life with his wife Matilda, his blacksmith son Tom, daughter-in-law Irene, and several wagon loads of family and friends. That’s where the TV series ended. What happened next? 
READ ON. . . . 

Tom shows guts and ingenuity.. .Cli 

FROM PRECEDING PAGE ordeal they had all endured in the wagons, rolling for weeks on end 
. . . and he thought of something 
Matilda had said often: 
“You search hard enough in sump’n bad, you’s jes’ liable to find sump'n good.” 
When the idea struck him, he kept walking for another hour, let­ ting the plan become a picture in his mind Then he strode quickly back to the wagon where his fam­ ily was sleeping and went to bed. 
In the morning, Tom told his brothers James and Lewis to build temporary lean-tos for Ir­ ene and the children to sleep in, for he would need the wagon. 
As the family stood around watching him in amazement— 
Ashford with rising disbelief and fury—he unloaded the heavy anvil with brother Virgil’s help, and mounted it atop a newly sawed stump. By noon he had set up a makeshift forge. 
With everyone still staring, he next removed the canvas top of the wagon, then its wooden sides, leaving the bare flatbed, on which he now went to work with his heaviest tools. 
Gradually they began to per­ ceive the astounding idea that 
Tom was turning into a reality. 
By the end of that week. Tom drove right through town with his rolling blacksmith shop, and there wasn’t a man, woman or child who didn t stand there gaping at the anvil, forge, and cooling tub, with racks holding a neat array of blacksmithing tools, all mounted sturdily on a wagon bed rein­ forced with heavy timbers 
Nodding politely at all the men he met—white and black—Tom asked if they had blacksmithing jobs he could do at reasonable rates. 

 gun. 

 head for them, and everybody laughed as hard as he did. 
‘T se surprised dat hat don't fit,” cracked L’il George, “dumb as you is to try it on in dat sto’.” 
Ashford, of course, got so angry that he threatened — emptily — to “go down dere an’ stuff it down dat peckerwood’s throat.” 
However little use the white community had for them—and vice versa—Tom and the others knew very well that the town’s tradesmen could hardly contain their elation at the brisk increase in business they’d been responsi­ ble for. 
Though they made most of their own clothes, raised most of their own food, and cut most of their own lumber, the quantities of nails, corrugated tin, and barbed wire they bought over the next couple of years testified to the rate at which their own communi­ ty was growing. 
With all their houses, barns, sheds and fences built by 1874, the family—led by 
M atilda- turned its attention to an enter­ prise they considered no less im­ portant to their welfare: the con­ struction of a church to replace the makeshift bush arbors that had been serving as their place of worship. 
It took almost a year, and much of their savings, but when 

Within days, his services were being requested at more and more farms around the new set­ tlement, for no one could think of a good reason why a black man shouldn't do business from a wa- 

By the time they realized that he was doing far better with his rolling shop than he ever could have done with a stationary one. 
Tom had made himself so indis­ pensable around town that they couldn’t afford to raise any objec­ tions even if they’d wanted to. 
But they didn t really want to, because Tom seemed to them the 

*lf only 
Mammy 
Kizzy could be here with us* 

 kind of man who did his job and minded his own business, and thev couldn’t help respecting that. 
In fact, the whole family soon es­ tablished themselves as decent 
Christian folk who paid their bills and kept to themselves—and 
“stayed in their place," as OI’ 
George Johnson said a group of white men had put it in a conver­ sation he’d overheard down at the general store 
But OI’ George, the white man who, with his wife Martha, had become virtually part of Chicken 
George s family, was treated by the townsfolk just as other mem­ bers of the family were 
He was shunned social ly, kept waiting in stores till ail the other white customers had been taken care of, even in­ formed once by a merchant that he d “bought’’ a hat that be d tried on and put back on the shelf when he found it was too small. 
He told the family about it lat­ er, perching the hat atop his 

 rus of The Old Hugged Cross again—led by Matilda, looking more radiant than 
Chicken 
George had ever seen her—the congregation dried their eyes and filed out past the preacher, pump­ ing his hand and slapping him on the back. 
Retrieving their picnic baskets on the porch, they spread sheets on the lawn and proceeded to rel­ ish the fried chicken, pork chop sandwiches, deviled eggs, potato salad, cole slaw, pickles, corn­ bread, lemonade, and so many cakes and pies that even L’il 
George was gasping for breath when he finished the last slice. 
As they all sat chatting, or strolled around—the men and boys in coat and tie, the older women all in white, the girls in bright-colored dresses with a rib­ bon at the waist—Matilda watched misty-eyed as her brood of grandchildren ran about tire­ lessly playing tag and catch. 
Turning finally to her husband and putting her hand on his, gnarled ana scarred with game­ cock scratches, she said quietly, 
“ I won t never forget dis day, 
George. We done come a long way since you first come courtin' me wid dat derby hat o’ yours. 
“Our fam’ly done growed up an’ had chilluns of dey own. an’ de I^awd seen fit to keep us all to- gedder. De onliest thing I wish is your Mammy Kizzy could be here to see it wid us.” 
Eyes brimming. 
Chicken 
George looked back at her. “She lookin’, baby. She sho’ is!” 

PROMPTLY at the noon hour on 
Monday, during their break from the fields, the children started fil­ ing into church for their first day of school indoors. 
For the past two years, ever since she came to town after being one among the first grad­ uating class from Lane College in 
Jackson. Tennessee, Sister Carrie 
White had been teaching out un­ der the bush arbors, and this use of the church was a great occa­ sion. 

Tom, his brothers, and their boys had finished building the last pew, and Irene’s beautiful white handwoven cloth—emblazoned with a purple cross—had been draped over the pulpit in front of the 
$25o stained glass window they’d ordered from Sears Roe­ buck. every OTR? agreed that the 
New 
Hope 
Colored 
Methodist 
Episcopal Church was well worth the time, effort and expense it represented 
So many people attended tne service that first Sunday—just about every black person within twenty miles who could walk or be carried—that the crowd spilled out the doors and windows and across the lawn surrounding it. 
But nobody had any trouble hearing every word of tne ringing sermon delivered by the Rever­ end Sylus Henning, a former slave of Dr D C Henning, an Illi­ nois Central Railroad executive with extensive land holdings around town. 
In the course of his oration, L’il 
George whispered to Virgil that the Reverend seemed to be under the* impression that he was Dr. 
Henning, but no one within ear­ shot would have dared to question the fervor of his preaching 
After the last heartrending cho 

The New Hope CME stewards— 
Chicken George, Tom and his brothers—had contributed the money to buy pencils, tablets and primers on “ readin , writin an’ 
’rithmetic.” 
Since she taught all the children of school age at the same time, in her six grades Sister Carrie had pupils ranging from five to fif­ teen, including Tom s oldest five: 
Maria Jane, who was twelve; El­ len; Viney; 
L’il Matilda; and 
Elizabeth, who was six. 

Tom and his wife Irene (played on TV by Georg Stanford Brown and 
Lynne Moody, above! found the new promised land had its problems too. 

 fell in love with John Toland, a newcomer to Henning who had gone to work sharecropping on the six-hundred-acre farm of a white family out near the Hatchie 
River. 

Young Tom, next in line, began the year after that, and then Cyn­ thia, the youngest. 
By the time Cynthia was grad­ uated in 1883, Maria Jane had dropped out, gotten married, and f ven birth to her first child, and lizabeth, who was the best stu­ dent in the family, had taught their father Tom Murray how to write his name and had even be­ come his blacksmithing book keeper. 
He needed one, for by this time he nad become so successful with his rolling blacksmith shop that he had also built a stationary one 
—without a murmur of objection 
—and was among the more pros­ perous men in town. 
About a year after Elizabeth went to work for her father, she 

She had met him in town one day at the general store and been impressed, she told her mother 
Irene, not only by his good looks and muscular build but also by his dignified manner and obvious in­ telligence. 
He could even write a little, she noticed, when he signed for a re­ ceipt 
Over the next several weeks, during the walks she d take with him in the woods once or twice each week, she also found out that he was a young man of fine repu­ tation, a churchgoer, who had am­ bitions of saving up enough to start a farm of his own, and that he was as gentle as he was strong 
It wasn't until they’d seen each other regularly for almost two months—and had begun to talk se­ cretly about marriage—that Tom 
Murray, who had known about them from the start, ordered her to stop skulking around and bring him home from the church the following Sunday. 
Elizabeth did as she was told. 
John Toland couldn’t have been friendlier or more respectful when he was introduced to Tom 
Murray, who was even more taci­ 

 turn than usual, and excused him­ self after only a few minutes of painful pleasantries. 
After John Toland left, Eliza­ beth was called by Tom Murray, who said sternly: “ It s plain to see from de way you act roun’ dat boy dat you's stuck on im. You two got anythin’ in mind?” 
“What you mean, Pappy?” she stuttered, flushing hotly. 
"Gettin’ married! Dat’s on your mind, ain’t it?” 
She couldn’t speak. 
"You done tol’ me. Well, I d like to give you my blessin's, 
’cause I wants you to be happy much as you does. He seem like a good man—but I can’t let you hitch up wid im." 
Elizabeth looked at him uncomprehending iy 
"He too high-yaller. He could nigh bout pass fo’ white—jes’ not quite. He ain’t fish or fowl Y’un- nerstan’ what Tse say in’? He too light fo’ black folks, too dark fo’ white folks. 
"He can’t he p what he look like, but don t care how hard he try, he never gon’ b long nowhere. 
An’ you got to think wnit what yo’ chilluns might look like! I don’t want dat kinda life fo’ you." 
“ But 
Pappy, ever’body like 
John! If’n we gits long wid OI’ 
George Johnson, why can’t we git long wid him?" 
“Ain't de same!" 
“ But Pappy!" 

She v bout 
Yoti’s < 
“Dat all I'm ain’t g from a, fo’ you no mo’ 
“ But bing 
“ Its it! " 
“If'n never j beth turned slamnr room 
“Tor began, rocker 
“Ain it!” he front c 
Whe it, she to resi 
Tom. ' blood denly her ch a tab! topple 
o I face c 
Jesus’ flutter 
"Gr 

 ricken George 

I meets an ugly end 

The main street of Henning. Tennessee, today. It was here that Chicken George and his family put down their roots, 
OI’ George and Martha (on TV. Brad Davis and where Tom Murray set up his roving blacksmith business, and where his descendants, including Alex Haley, grew up- 
Lane Binkley, above) met prejudice in Henning. 

Market store in Henning. When Chicken George 
Alex Haley talking about Roots in a RBS arrived in the town, there were only IOO settlers. 
TY show that is airing this week. 

 was desperate. “You talk people not ’ceptin’ 
’im! p ae one ain’t!” at's nough' You done said rn gon' near bout it. You 
S ot de sense to keep way at kmda grief, I gotta do it 
>u. I don’ want you seein’ im 

O ’ . ’ ’ ut Pappy . . . ” She was sob- 

 t's over wid’ 
Data all is to 

 n I cain’t marry' John, ain’t r gon’ marry nobody!” Eliza- screamed. 
Tom 
Murray ed and strode from the room, iming the door In the next i, he stopped. om, what do you . . .” Irene n, sitting up rigidly in her er. in’t got no mo’ to say bout he snapped, marching out the door. 
Hen Matilda found out about ie got so angry that Irene had 
?strain her from confronting 
“Dat boy’s pappy got white 
3 in ’im!’’ she snouted. Sud- y wincing, then clutching at 
•hest, Matilda lurched against hie. Irene caught her as she led to the floor. 
) my God!” she moaned, her contorted with pain. “Sweet us o I .awd, no!” Her eyelids ered and closed, irandmammy?” Irene shout­ 

 ed, seizing her around the shoul­ ders “Grandmammy!” She put her head to her chest and lis­ tened There was still a heartbeat. 
But two days later it stopped 
Chicken George didn t cry. But there was something heartbreak­ ing about his stoniness, the dead­ ness of his eyes. 
From that day on. no one could remember him ever smiling again or saying a civil word to anyone. 
He and 
Matilda had never seemed really close — but when she died, somehow his own warmth died with her. 

And he began to shrink, dry up, grow old almost overnight — not turning feeble and weak-minded but hard and mean-tempered. 

Refusing to live anymore in the cabin he had shared with Matilda, he began to roost with one son or daughter after another until both he and they were fed up. when old gray-headed 
Chicken 
George moved on. 

When he wasn’t complaining, he d usually sit on the porch th the rocker he took along with him and stare fiercely out across the fields for hours at a time. 

He had just turned eighty-three 
— having cantankerously refused to touch a bite of the birthday cake that was baked for him — and was sitting late in the winter of 189o in front of the fire at his 

 eldest granddaughter 
Ma na 
Jane s house. 

She had ordered him to sit still and rest his bad leg win Ie she hur­ ried out to the adjacent field with her husband’s lunch 

When she returned as quickly as she could, she found him lying on the hearth, where he'd dragged himself after falling into the fire. 
Maria Jane s screams brought her husband running. 

The derby hat, scarf and sweater were smoldering, and 
Chicken George was burned horri­ bly from his head to his waist 
I^ate that night he died. iNearly everyone black in Hen ning attended his funeral, dozens of them his children, grandchil­ dren, or great-grandchildren 

Standing there by the grave as he was lowered into the ground beside 
Matilda, his son 
L'il 
George leaned to Virgil and whis­ pered "Pappy so tough speck he wouldn't o’ never died natural.” 

Virgil turned and looked sadly at his brother. “ I loved ’im,” he said quietly. "You too, an’ all us ” 

“ Cos we did,” said 
L’il 
George. “Nobody couldn't stan’ livin’ wid de cockadoodlin’ ol’ ras­ cal, an’ look now at everybody snifflin’ ’cause he gone!” 

The house in Henning that Alex Haley grew up in. It was on the front porch here that he first heard the stories about his slave ancestor. Kunia Kinte. 

The New Hope ( .M E. Church in Henning today. The church is on the site of the old one built by Chicken George’s family soon after they arrived in Tennessee. 

Brave baby defies odds as she fights rare heart disease 

The world’s ] first drive-in funeral heme 

TMK world's first drive-in funeral parlor has opened in the U.S.— and it is proving a big success with mourners in a hurry 

They can now pay their last re­ spects by driving slowly past a window in the funeral home in 
New Roads, La., and viewing the coffins of their loved ones 

They can also lean out and sign a book of condolence 

Funeral home owner Alvin Ver rette said: 
“ We wanted something for working people who didn't have time to dress, but wanted to show their sympathy. 

“ It’s so nice to know someone cares “ 
Verrette has introduced another revolutionary idea for funeral homes — he's banished the color black 
He greets mourners wearing a white jacket, slacks and tie and a golden shirt—which fits into the color scheme of the funeral home and hearses 
Verrette explained 
“ Black tends to bring people down.” 

STAINED GLASS 
CLASSES & WORKSHOP 
NOW ENROLLING 

The world's largest Stained Glass schools arc now teaching in San Antonio. Famous Five Week 
Basic Course covers; Cutting Glass, Soldering, 
Leading up, making 
“Suncatchers,” 
Stained 
Glass Windows, and 
Tiffany'' lampshades. For reservations and information call this toll free number: 
I -8oo-654-8466 
(Formerly Pendleton Studios) 

BABY Kristen Di Marino has been fighting to stay alive since the day she was bom 
But now the plucky two year-old is facing a life-or- death operation to repair a rare heart disorder. 
“ It’s her last hope,” her mother Mrs Andrea Di Mari­ no told THK STAR this week “ But there is no guaran­ tee she will even survive the surgery 
“ The doctors say the heart disorder would have al­ ready killed most other children. But she too will die in a few months if she doesn't have the operation.” 
Kristen was bom with three major heart defects — reversal of the great arteries, a malformed valve and a hole in the upper chamber. 
She suffered her first heart attack when she was only r. 
^ .w 
. 
. four months old Late last year r sh*' underwent an o p e r a te in heart wh,ch * vem from h S shoulder 
* ^ was redirected into her heart to provide more oxy genated blood 

Her parents, who live in Bethel, 
Conn., have been told that her heart is not growing at the same rate as her body. 

Doctors at 
Yale New 
Haven 
Hospital, Conn . say this must be corrected or she will die of congestive heart failure 

Heart specialist Dr. William 
Hellenbrand said 
"This disease strikes only about one in 1oo,ooo children ” 

Kristen is scheduled to undergo the complex surgery at the Mayor 
Clinic in Rochester, Minn , rn mid April Mayo is one of the few hospitals with the medical facili­ ties and know how to perform it. 
Doctors have given her only a 
5o percent chance of surviving the operation. But if successful. Kris­ ten will be able to live a normal, healthy life. 
“ It is such a shame she has this problem." said her father, Thom­ as, a 25-year old school teacher 
“She has spent most of her life in the hospital, but never cries or complains ” 
Because of her weak heart, 
Kristen is very susceptible to in­ fection She has twice contracted pneumonia from what would have been no more than a light cold for other children 
“ I’m on edge with her all the tim e.” Mrs DiMarino said “ I get terrified if Kristen even gets a sniffle ” 
She has one other child — a three year-old son. Brian, and is expecting a baby in March 
Brian has never had a sick day in his life, according to his par ents, and doctors have assured 
Andrea her next baby should also bt* healthy. 

The family's medical insurance will cover the cost of the surgery 
But a local newspaper has launched a fund raising campaign to help find the money for the Di- 
Marino's travel and living expen ses m Minnesota 

Nuttiest tax laws in history 

HOT nuts are a taxable item in 
California, but you can get away tax free if the nuts are cold. 
This is just one of the bizarre taxes that have been levied on 
Americans. 
The Internal Revenue Service in Washington. DC., reminds us that there is a tax on both adulter­ ated and renovated butter . . . and a marijuana tax which netted the government $153,ooo rn 1974 
Explanation: lf they can't nail you tor buying the weed, they can get you for not paying the tax. 
Crazy taxes can be traced as far back as 1776 In those days in 
Georgia, there were taxes on marriages, christenings, hogs­ heads. deaths, and slaves. 
Meanwhile, in 
Massachusetts there’s a tax on corset laces bul not on 
Halloween costumes 
There’s also a tax on bottles of holy water, but clerical collars are tax-free. 
Hunting is taxed in most U.S. states through licensing The state of California says that if a hunter shoots another hunter, he could lose his license That is, unless the hunter can prove that the bul- let ricocheted off something. 

 sa wi vs. ill I 

HERE are a couple of ideas if you’re inter­ ested in pleasant scents. 
Abe Shelton, of Brooklyn. N Y. writes: “ If you want your room to have a pleasant odor, put a couple of drops of a scented oil. such as musk oil, on your light bulb, and it will freshen up the area. 
Repeat the process about once a week.” lx)ts of people use soap for a sachet, but Jane Jordan of Ann 
Arbor, Mich, says that doing this can also prolong the life of your soap 
Jane says: “ If you unwrap your soap and leave it in the drawer for a while, exposure to the air will make the soap much harder. 
“ When you use it in your show­ er, it will dissolve slower, last longer and save you money.” 

Doggone clean 

LISA SENATORE, also of Brook­ lyn, N Y., has some ideas for washing your dog and your hair. 
She says: “ Wash your favorite perfume into your hair, and it will be shiny and fragrant. 
“ When you wash your dog. add a little vinegar to the dog s coat, and he or she won t have that dog­ gy smell ” 

Money saver 

TOILET paper can really cost you if you're not careful. 
Alice Kuebler. of Whitestone, 
N Y., writes: “ When my daughter grabs a hold of the toilet tissue, she uses half a roll in one sitting 
“ At 32 cents a roll, a trip to the bathroom can be costly 
“ So, before putting the paper on the roller you should flatten the cardboard tube, and it will supply only a few sheets at a time." 

Best value 

WHILE we’re at it, Alistair Con­ way of Madison, N.H., points out that some toilet paper is two ply while other is single-sheet 
“ The two-ply usually has about 
5oo sheets per roll, compared with the single-ply which has about I,* 
(KH) sheets per roll,” says Alistair. 
“ It s better for your sewer and your pocketbook to get single sheets.” 

By CATHY 
ROUNDS 
Scented light bulbs brighten the home 

“ After polishing copper,” she 
“ rinse in cold water, and it keep its luster longer.” 

Long stretch 

WHAT NEXT? Hilda DeSanto of 
Salisbury. NC. says sh es been putting her rubber bands in the refrigerator. 
Why? “ Because they last long­ er." says Hilda. 

Pure water 

WORRIED about the water you're drinking'’ 
Now there s the 
Mini Water f*urifier. a pocket-sized water purifier that requires no chemi­ cals and can purify an unlimited quantity of drinking water. 
Its hand-operated life-time fil­ ter and built in hand pump puri- 

Tasty meal 

* 
HELEN HOOVER, of Churubus­ co, lnd . buys a soup bone once a week 
It gives her a balanced meal and a balanced budget “ I cook it slowly to get the flavor out of it,” she writes “ Then I add to­ mato juice, because it s cheaper than canned whole tomatoes 
"Bring this to a boil, add rice or barley, and cook slowly.” 

Smart cookie 

HERE S yet another idea for get­ ting rid of kitchen odors 
Fay Blough. a new contributor from Omaha Neb writes 
“ An orange peel held over a gas flame will nelp rid the kitchen of cook mg odors.” 
While you're in the kitchen. Fay says she also knows how to keep your copper brighter longer 

The pocket-sized Mini-Water 
Purifier. fies water from lakes, rivers, or unsure sources, and you don't have to worry about breakage 
It comes from Miracle Dynam­ ics. 3815 Richmond til ll. Dept 
I 
- NNN. Houston. Tex 77o27 

Utility rip-off 

THE government has a free offer that might help guard against rip- offs by the huge, greedy utility companies. 
'The booklet is called Checking 
Your Utility Bills, and it tells you flow to read all those little num­ bers on your bill, and not lust the outrageous one. which tells how much you owe 
For a free copy. send a post­ card to the Consumer Information 
Center, Pueblo Colorado 8luny 

AMNESTY IS A REAL JOKE FOR DODGER 
PRESIDENT C arter’s amnesty for Vietnam draft resisters won t have any effect on bearded Tom 
Peerbolt 
He simply told his local draft board that ne tiad no intention of serving in Vietnam —- and he got away with it 

He made no attempt to have himself declared a conscientious objector. He did not flee to Cana­ da or Sweden 

He just stayed home in Holland. 
Mich., mid lived his life as usual 
Peerbolt, 26, said “ I rippt*d up 

 my draft card in 197o and told the board I would not obey the Se lee tive Service laws 
“ I never showed up for Army physicals. I don I think they ever classed me as a draft dodger bt cause I never received a formal induction notice ” 

Julie Newmar invents to cheeky give new 

The Patent Office version of Julie's pantyhose: straight out of the 189os,'’ she laughed. 
“ It’s 

A model wearing regular pantyhose (left) and then trying on Julie's '‘cheeky derriere relief.” 

 women a lift 

By M EREDITH CHAPLIN 
LEGGY actress Julie Newmar has hit on a cheeky new way to help American w om en shape up. 
And she’s convinced that once it reaches the nation’s stores, it’ll m ake the bottom drop right out of the traditional pantyhose m arket. 
For Julie has invented a daring new pantyhose with, she says, “ cheeky derriere relief ’ She told 
THE STAR this week: “ The design makes you look m ore youthful because a seam at the back rounds and delineates the fanny and m akes it look like you have nothing on. 
“ It looks as if you have been exercising all your life,” added the 41-year-old beauty, who played the alluring Cat Woman in TV’s Batman series. 
The U.S. P atent Office in Washington D C ., has already issued Julie with Patent No. 4.oo.1 
o94 for her invention. “ And you should see the picture the draftsm an drew of the pantyhose.” she giggled. “ It’s straight out of the 189os ’ 
Ju lie’s pantyhose are not on sale yet, because so far only six pairs have been m ade—by her dressm aker. “ I’m waiting for the right company who will prom ote them in the proper way,” she said. 
“ It is such a practical idea that it can be used in the cheapest pantyhose, and the most expen­ sive ones. The seam at the back is slightly gath­ ered, and that lifts everything up. That naturaliz­ es you, and m akes you look younger.” 
The patent, worded by 
New 
York agent 
Charles F. Baxley, puts it m ore m atter-of-factly. 
Referring to the sm all num bers on the drawing 
(top left), which a re guidelines for all the fea­ tures of the pantyhose, it reads: 
"It is a prim e objective of this invention to produce a cheeky relief for the w earer’s derriere 
19. Toward this objective an elastic shaping band 
21 (substantially m ore elastic than the fabric from which the pantyhose is m ade and typically of the sam e m aterial as a conventional waist band) is connected to the rear panty portion 17. 
“ It extends from the vicinity of the crotch zone 16 to the vicinity 22 of the elastic waist en­ circling band 13. The elastic shaping band 21 fits between the w earer’s buttocks 23, 24, to accen­ tuate their relief and to give the derriere 19 a cheeky appearance.” 
Agent Baxley is im pressed with the design He told THE STAR: 
“ I have noted since I’ve worked for Miss N ew m ar that advertisem ents for ladies underw ear rarely show the rear view. 
That is because m ost panty hose with built in control flatten the back like a board. 
“ There really is a need for Miss Newmar s contribution. She s brilliant.” 
Julie said that when she wore the stockings on stage last sum m er she got reviews applauding her beautiful legs. “ One review er said I had the most beautiful legs this side of heaven,” she said. 
The pantyhose, tradem arked Nudem ar, are not the actress's first design. l^ist year she cam e up with a nude-look bras­ siere, and patented that. But right now she s more interested in prom oting her pantyhose 
“ I designed them because I guess my reputa­ tion dem anded it. “ My legs were once insured for $1 million and I have to live up to that reputation. 
“ But actually they look better on someone whose legs are not as athletic as m ine.” 
SMALL CARS CAN BEAT FUEL CRISIS 
AMERICANS must drive sm all, gas-saving automobiles before the 
Ii S. will beat big-city congestion, smog and gas shortages, warns a leading economist. 
Dr. C harles A. Lave also at­ tacked the theory, put forward by some city planners, that com mu­ ter rail transit system s are the so­ lution because they save energy. 

Rail system s are energy was­ ters and "inferior" transportation when com pared to the auto, said 
Dr. l.ave, an associate professor econom ics at the University of 
California. Dr. Lave said rail sys­ tem s have little to offer the com ­ m uter, over his own car. 
“ They’re not as fast for most kinds of trips, don’t give door-to- 

Ac tress Julie Newmar: Now she’s become an inventor. 

Students build real airplane in the classroom 

A 
TEACHER who believes in 
“ learning by doing” is doing just that with his students. He’s teach­ ing them about flying an airplane bv having them build full-size planes right in class. 
“ I show them how to build an airplane from scratch,” says Joe 
Weber oi 
Willowbrook 
High 
School in Villa Park, 111. 
Situ e Wcher first introduced tin* course in 197o, his students have built two planes and are working on a third 
Their current project is a two passenger, open cockpit, high wing Piet input Air C am per, with a 1941 65 horsepower Franklin en­ gine 
It should sell for (^proxi­ m ately $3,ooo. 
Welter, who had never built a plane before his course, said: “ I try to gi t .students to have pride in their work, so ifs not sloppy. 
After all. if s someone’s life that s at stake once ifs up in the air.” 
CARTER BIBLE QUO TE 
•SHOCKING’ 

PRESIDENT C arter didn't give the inaugural address he wanted to give. His staff wouldn't let him 
The 
President revealed the squabble between him and his ad­ visers during a speech to the Na­ tional P rayer Breakfast in Wash­ ington. 
And he continued to insist he had been right, and his staff — which had felt Americans would resent what he planned to say — had been wrong. 
The inaugural address C arter delivered was based on a quota tion from the Bible’s Book of Mi- cah. But C arter originally wanted to start with the following quota­ tion from 
Second 
Chronicles 
(7:14 >: 

“ If my people which are called by my nam e shall humble them selves and pray and seek my fact and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from Heaven and will forgive their sins and will heal their land.” 

C arter adm itted his staff w a; appalled when they read the quo tat ion: 
“ They cam e to me en m asse and said, “ The people wi ’ not understand. 
Ifs as though you, being elected President, are condem ning the other people of the country — putting yourself in the position of Solomon and ‘jay ing that ail 
Am ericans are wicked.’ ” 

The President said he stuck with the quotation through two 

President Carter: He didn’t want to change. 

 drafts of the address then “ rightly or wrongly” changed to the Mican passage 
EXECUTIVE DRINK 

 rtESTAURANTUER Vie Cappe Ie has come up with a drink he calls 
The Jim m y C arter. 
It consists of one ounce of white rente de cacao, an ounce of liq­ uor. a teaspoon of cream y peanut butter ana a sm all scoop of crushed ice. 
Cappelle. of 
Fond du 
Lac, 
Wisr told THE STAR; “ Ifs be com e a pretty popular after-din­ ner drink but the Republicans around here w ont touch it.” 

 door service, aren 't available day or night, offer less personal sec ti rity and often don't give the com m uter a seat at all, much less tin private, uncrowded car seat.” he said. 
“ Considering its form idable list of disadvantages, it s IMH surpris­ ing that transit is used for only four percent of U.S. trav el.” 

■Trianmi 

WANT TO SAVE 
MONEY ON YOUR MEAT 
BILLS? THEN SEE OUR FULL 
COLOR MEAT Al) IN 
TODAY’S COLOR COMICS! 

MOI s| i i i 
QI A U T Y MEA LS 
7o49 SAN PEDRO • 344 4571 

Howard 
Hughes and me: by Jane Russell 

STAR GOSS 

 opera star Brenda Dickson, TV’s 
Young And The Restless, and husband Dr. 
Robert Rifkin, enjoy night in Hollywood. 

JANE RUSSELL, 55, who is wearing better than most of her contemporar­ ies, is in danger of losing her $5o,ooo-a- year from the estate of HOWARD 
HUGHES. 
She received that sum since the termina­ tion of her film contract with the billion­ aire 25 years ago — on condition she never talked about her relationship with him. 
But now she is going to break her silence in an autobiography for New York publish­ ing house Simon And Schuster. 
A Summa Corporation official — the company is still handling the affairs of their former hermit-like boss — tells me: 
“The contract was still in effect at the time of his death and the payments are continuing But if she writes about him the matter will be reviewed.” 
New phone ‘hotline' helps people find a cure for their hang-ups over sex 

A SEX hotline has been set up by a team of psychologists to help people with intim ate sex­ ual problems. 
The service iii-run by the New 
England Institute for Human Sex­ uality in Boston, Mass., and it has already received pleas for help from all over the country Callers have ranged from 
14-year-old girls to men in their 7os. 
“There are a lot of fears and myths about sex in people's minds," said Dr. Peter Wish, ex­ ecutive director of the Institute. 
“What we are offering them is the chance simply to pick up the telephone and talk openly and confidentially to someone who is experienced in human sexuality problems ” 
The hotline, run by four volun­ teer psychology graduates, start­ ed late last year Dr Wish said: 
“ I am amazed at the response there has been in such a short time." 
He added 
* There are many people in America today who are very unhappy and depressed about sexual problems This caus­ es marital problems, because they are very resistent to talking to anyone about them What we are now trying to do is to bring sex out of the closet 
“ We do not give any specific therapy over the telephone 
In­ stead what we try to do is give people some support by listening lf necessary we try to persuade them to get the appropriate help, whet lier it be reading a particular type of book on sex or advising them to seek therapy from a clin­ ic or agency. 
“Our job really is just to break the ice We don’t have set an­ swers to cover all the problems but we do try to point them in the right direction to find a solution 

By ROSS GREGOR 

“ A great many of the caus we receive are extremely intimate but the volunteers have been trained to handle them in a very intimate and confidential way.” 
Dr. Wish said the hotline was being used by as many men as women. The calls covered a whole host of problems, he said, includ­ ing sexual dysfunction, masturba-' lion, transvestism and impotence. 
Dr Wish told THE STAR “The most common problem among men is sexual dysfunction (pre­ mature ejaculation). 
“We try to explain to them that this is not abnormal and that an easily arousable male who had rushed sexual experiences at an early age can end up with the problem simply because of habit 

“These men are usually afraid that they're going to continually fail and not satisfy their partners, but we tell them that sex is not an 
Olympic event and that their problem can be treated it thev take the time to seek help Worry­ ing and getting uptight about it does not help, 

“ In women the most common problem is the lack of an orgasm 
“ Again, we explain that this does not make them abnormal and that recent extensive studies have shown that the majority of women, in fact, do not get an or gasm with sexual intercourse, and nave to revert to other sexual sti­ mulation to achieve their desire 
“ A lot of these women think I they are inadequate and if they I are really hung up about it then we suggest that they go for sex therapy." 
Dr. Wish said the hotline was operating only once a week, but it was receiving calls from as far away as Hawaii. 

“That speaks for itself as to the crying need there is to help thou­ sands of unhappy, frustrated indi­ viduals." he said 

Jane, who once boasted the most famous bosom in Hollywood, has rigidly upheld the condition. But now, with Hughes dead, she feels morally and legally free to talk about their professional and private life together. 
As Archie Bunker, he may be a bigot. 
But in real life CARROLL O'CONNOR has a heart of gold . . . . so much so that mem­ bers of St. Genesins Church in Rome have presented him with a special charitable award. 
How did they know about the merry­ faced actor They are all Americans living in the Italian capital 
Talented ALAN ALDA of M*A*S*H. who really cares about his acting, is to play the role of CARYL CHESSMAN who was on death row in California for 12 years in an 
NBC TV film 
Director FRANCIS FORD COPPOLLA's sister TALIA SHIRE, co-star of 
Rocky, will play the doomed con­ vict’s attorney. 
GEORGE C. SCOTT's real hero is not General Patton or any of the characters he has played. It s 
New York throat specialist WIL­ 
LIAM READER who, he insists, keeps Scott’s gravel-voice talk­ ing 
Scott tells how the physician op­ erated on his throat during World 
War II, when he was hit by shell shrapnel. 
"Now you know why I use him 
— he’s a’ miracle man who kept my raspy old voice box intact.” he says. 

Alice Eave: She misses the excitement of acting. 
Alice Faye after soap opera role 

MOVIE aueen Alice Faye, once 
Holly wooers top box office attrac­ tion. wants to appear in soap op­ eras on TV. 

& 

‘ Heaven knows. I don’t need the money," Alice said from her lush 
Palm 
Springs, 
Calif., me “ But I wouldn’t mind get­ ting back into the swim." 
Alice, who is married to band­ leader Phil Harris, made her last film State Fair, in 1967. She re­ tired as one of the top actresses of all time 
Now shes getting fed up with retirement and admits: “ I miss the* excitement of acting 
“Given the right opportunity, 
I d like to try soap operas They used to be trite, but nowadays they are quite sophisticated ." 

★ ★ ★ 

This column was the first to of­ fer congratulations to actress 
ANNE BAXTER and her new husband 
Wall Street financier 
DAVID KLEE after their hush­ hush wedding at Manhattan Uni­ tarian Church 
JOHN 
TRAVOLTA’S parents were so alarmed when they heard their 22-year-old son was dating 
37-year-old actress DIANNA HY­ 
LAND they flew from their home in New Jersey to Los Angeles to meet her. 
The verdict: WTiole-hearted ap­ proval. So now the Welcome Back 
Rotter star is planning to marry her. 
Tile couple met while filming the TV movie Boy In A Bubble in which Diama played Travolta’s mother. His parents, who had been worned about the age differ ence told him she would make a good wife. 
RYAN O'NEAL who is dedicat ed if nothing else in the pursuit of delectable female company, has been seen out in Hollywood with 
BIANCA JAGGER. 
A West Coast colleague tells me they were locked in an embrace at the petulant GORE VIDAL’s 
B in Beverly Hills Husband was in Paris at the time party 
M ike 

★ ★ ★ 
H I /.A I! KTH TAYLOR's na™ unfortunately has been synony­ mous with hospitals throughout her career. So it was no surprise when we ran into her at St 
Clare’s Hospital on Manhattan's 
West Side. 
She was having a broken finger set She fractured it when she fell on the ice in Switzerland 

Heres actress 
Goldie 
Hawn, all by herself at a 
Hollywood awards party. 

Michael Douglas sports a beard and a new girlfriend, called only Yandra. 

With the death of FREDDIE 
PRINZE, everybody has been asking Chico And The Man produ­ cers JAMES WOMACK and DAV­ 
ID WOLPER what is going to happen to the top-rated show 
It will go on most likely, with more emphasis on co-stars 
JACK ALBERTSON, SC ATMAN 
CROTHERS and 
DELLA 
REESE. 

★ ★ ★ 

The Academy Award shows, which annually paralyzes TV au­ diences with boredom, is to be spiced up by producer WILLIAM 
FREIDK1N. 
His initial scalpel thrust falls on the system of having two actors presenting each Oscar — usually- preceded by stiff, unfunny conver­ sations 
The next show will feature mainly glamorous stars and star­ lets handing over the coveted awards 
Some of the names he has in line: LOUISE FLETCHER, LAU­ 
REN HUTTEN, DIANA ROSS, 
JANE FONDA, ELLEN BUR­ 
STYN. and SUSAN BLAKELY. 

Baretta star ROBERT BLAKE, who once said he wouldn't sell out to commercial interests, received 
$25o,ooo for plugging an oil addi­ tive on TV. Now he’s considering 

 by Winston Daniel 

★ 
THE unpredictable FRANK SINATRA 
(left), has apparently overcome his anathema to television by signing with NBC to star in Philip Rosenberg’s Contract On Cherry 
Street. Not only was it his late mother DOL­ 
LY’S favorite novel, but he also owns the film rights—and is expected to net nearly $42 mil­ lion from the venture. 

Even bionic folks get thirsty! Six Million Dollar Man Lee 
Majors — this week without a mustache — takes a quick sip of beer while his wife Farrah Fawcett's back is turned. jj New telephone is just like havina maid in the house 

Steve McQueen angered by rock star’s Nazi outfit 

By BOB ABBORINO 

Eccentric and extravagant box­ ing promoter DON KINO gave heavyweight contender GEORGE 
FOREMAN a bizarre gift recent­ ly: A Clydesdale horse. The boxer says he ll keep it away from the lion and tiger he’s already got in his garden. 
The next best occupation to being an in-vogue actor in Holly­ wood is to be a real estate dealer: 
BARBRA STREISAND has just sold her deserted Bel Air mansion to interior decorator RON WIL­ 
SON for $7oo,ooo. 

O. J. SIMPSON, who should stick to football instead of trying to act, has bought another Brent­ wood mansion for $6oo,ooo. 

Actor Nick Norte thoughtfully strokes his permanent mus­ tache as steady girlfriend Karen Ecklund looks on during an awards party in Hollywood. much he wants to play merciless bootlegger DUTCH SHULTZ in a film now being written . . . . and what’s more he’s promised to lose some of his 28o pounds 
WARREN BEATTY’S new girl friend KATE JACKSON of Char 

 bait of $1 million to do more of the same. 
But other household names have stuck to their guns and de­ clined to lend their names to roducts because of principle or cause they feel their show busi­ ness appeal would decrease. 
KIRK DOUGLAS said no to $1 million from Atlantic Richfield, 
Burt Reynolds $5oo,ooo from Can­ adian Club, Carol Burnett $1 from 
Jello, and John Wayne $2oo,ooo from Alpo. 
But the Duke then succumbed to a 
Datril commercial for 
$4oo OOO 
MARLON BRANIM) liked his gangster role in the Godfather so 

 lie’s Angels has moved out of Hol­ lywood for the tim e being to live in Park City, Utah, where she is making a film. 
The dark haired beauty is tell mg friends she may never go back to the West Coast, but she'll still be seeing her new beau regu larly. Absence makes the heart grow fonder? 

C iilutiui conlribuUtin* by * Hark-i • mnfr 
Chilly I inn and K..b*n I rd rh 

A TELEPHONE that places your calls for you, tells you how long you’ve been talking, gives you the time and date, counts your money and wakes you in the morning is coming on the market this spring. 
The phone is being developed by Phone Devices 
Corp., a Chicago company that was formed after the courts broke the Bell system ’s monopoly on produc­ tion of telephone equipment. 
Richard Marin, an executive of Phone Devices 
Corp., wouldn’t release advance pictures of the Maid 
Phone but he did say it would have features similar to the firm ’s Figure Phone, shown at right. 
The Figure Phone has a built in calculator that can be operated independently or while you’re talking 

It also shows the time and, ev­ ery seven seconds, the date. 
These appear on a lighted strip above the five rows of pushbut tons. 

AND THIS ONE CAN DO MATH 

 elude an alarm clock, a tape dis- gure rlock, 

 play for the calculator, a tim er tor long distance calls, and a smoke detector that calls an alarm to the fire department 
Phone Devices Corp. offered 
Figure Phones during the Christ­ mas season and they were big sellers at about $2oo each. 
Marin said they were popular gifts for busy executives who 

 don’t like having their desks clut­ tered with a separate calculator. 
The company offers 
Figure 
Phones in most large cities o f the 
United Static and in Venezuela, 
England, Italy and the Mideast. 
OH millionaires of the Mideast and Venezuela have been prime customers for 
Figure 
Phones, 
Marin said 
TELEVISION MAKES JACQUES A DULL BOY 

SKIMPY breakfasts and too much 
TV are making slow learners of 
French schoolchildren. 
Government studies say the lack of morning nourishment is one of the leading causes of prob­ lems the Gallic youngsters have in school. 
Other causes were that the chil­ dren do not get enough sleep— be­ cause they watch television late into the night—and that classes are too long. 
Classes in French schools last 
55 minutes, though doctors say a 

 six-year-old has only a 25-minute attention span, a 1o-year-old 4o minutes and an adolescent 5o min­ utes. 

Rector Henri Gauthier, senior official in the Education Ministry, has proposed more variety in school schedules and teaching methods as a way of helping them learn more. 

Hut he says the breakfast and sleeping problems must be ban­ dlet] by parents. 

French children generally have 

 the same breakfasts as their par­ ents—coffee In some homes, it ’n accompanied by a roll or piece of bread with butter That’s all. 

And though children are be­ lieved to need IO hours sleep. Hie government’s studies showed 3o per cent of French children 7 and 
8 and 7o per cent of those 13 and 
14 years old. don’t get that much. 

'Hie problem, according to the studies, is that many French par­ ents simply don’t know how much sleep their children need 

THE bizarre world of show business is epitomized by the current feud between super- star STEVE MCQUEEN and his next door neighbor KEITH 
MOON of The Who rock band 

It appears the touchy McQueen telephoned the police when he saw the eccentric drummer par­ ading in his Beverly Hills back­ yard. wearing a full Nazi storm- trooper’s regalia. 
Moon retaliated by having car­ 

 penters build a ramp so he can hurtle — Kvel Kneivel-style — over an 18-ft. fence on a motorcy­ cle into McQueen's garden. 
Watch this column for develop­ ments! Anything can happen. 

★ ★ ★ 

 starred on TV movie Babe, arrive together at the Golden Globe movie awards night. 

MUHAMMED ALI is another sportsman who thinks he can do an even better job at acting . . . and now is trying to interest prod­ ucers in an all black version of 
Ben-Hur. 

PAGE 16 THE SAN ANTON IO STAR— February 13, 1*77 

YOUR SUNDAY CROSSWORD 

A C R O S S 
6 3 Church seats 
I Hide: 
67 "O u tg o 's” slang opposite 
6 Remnant 
6 8 Ice 
11 Handy m asses 
16 Beard 
6 9 Travelers trimmer stop 
21 Fresh 
7o Marine water formation fish var. 
71 Mine 
22 Harangue entry 
23 Deport 
72 Signal 
24 Wed light secretly 
73 Skeleton 
25 Verb parts ending 
74 Flaxen­ 
26 Elevator haired direction 
75 Male heir 
27 Pronoun 
76 Stormy 
2 8 " - 
77 Thrashes deum ” 
78 Spider 
29 Rope 
79 Jumper fiber top 
3o Oral 
8o Rub pause harshly 
31 Diatonic 
81 G enus note 
82 Achieves 
32 Extra 
85 Laths fine: 
86 Cargo abbr hole 
33 Paradise 
87 Sw am p 
35 Continue 
9o C ease 
37 TV 
91 Tumbler headliners 
92 Primitive 
39 Sheeplike dwelling 
41 Typewriter 
93 Mexican part coin 
43 Egtyptian 
94 M ake soul happy 
44 Detests 
95 Rips 
46 Com mander 
96 L e ss 
48 Still adulterated 
49 "Kettle 
97 Merry of fish” tunes 
51 Prize­ 
98 Uncommon fighter 
99 Remove 
52 Large w hiskers knife 
1oO Pergola 
53 Bitter 
1o1 Roof vetch angle 
54 Pintail 
1o2 Modest duck 
1o4 Belief 
55 Distance 
1o5 Hookah runner 
1o6 Regret 
56 W aterways 
1o9 Inferior 
58 Dry dogs measure 
11O Fiver 
61 Lion 
11 I Bridal 
"collars" 
"sho w er” 
62 B ishop's 
I 1 2 Family headdress member 

115 In a house 
117 Of the moon 
118 Faroe 
Islands wind 
119 Maintain 
121 Representative 
122 Metal waste 
124 Fam ous reindeer 
127 Promote 
128 Polynesian lily 
129 Peacock butterfly 
13o A ssam ese tribe 
131 Italian pronoun 
132 Jewish month 
133 Print measure 
134 Attending 
135 Helm position 
136 Inert gas 
138 Sw iss warble 
14o Greek poem 
142 Tears asunder 
144 Peach pit 
145 Derisive sound 
I 46 Aeries 
147 Zagreb native 

DO W N 

1 Drowsy 
2 Baby walk 
3 Current 
4 Sidetrack 
5 Aware: slang 
6 Certain amount 
7 Small streams 
8 Egyptian god 
9 Aleutian island 
1o Peek-a- 

 boo openings 
11 Senior citizen 
12 Tidier 
13 Chinese pagoda 
14 Prove, in law 
15 Em ployees 
16 Redecorate 
17 Animated 
18 Asiatic cow 
19 First bidder 
2o Relegates 
34 Devour 
35 Genuflect 
36 New 
Zealand fort 
38 While 
4o Anger 
42 Irish patriot 
45 Chopping tools 
47 Back area 
5o C om pass point 
51 Drunken spree 
52 Satisfies 
54 Close 
55 Wed 
56 Quotes 
57 Dining implements 
58 Prejudice 
59 Annul 
6o Revolve 
61 Intended 
62 Card game 
64 Sea eagle 
65 African river 
66 Sleigh 
68 Rapture 
69 Protective ditch 
7o Conflict 
72 Sw oon 
73 Thrashes 
74 Support 
76 Elevate 
77 Copper alloy 
78 Change 

79 Lingered 
8 o Fierce look 
81 Antic 
62 Biblical name 
8 3 Mem brane 
84 R ussian ruler 
85 Bondsm an 
8 6 Biblical king 
87 Perished 
68 Ittaian family 
89 Inquisitive 
91 Cogw heels 
92 Arrowroot 
93 Stack 
95 W eekdays 
96 Order beforehand 
97 Coat fold 
99 Cloud 
1oo Indian buffalo 
1o1 Clergym an 
1o3 Transition area 
1o4 Confer 
1o5 Greek letter 
1o6 Lariats 
1o7 Loose 
1o8 Dutch commune 
11o Cleaning cloth 
111 M ake warm again 
112 Cotillion girl 
113 Program 
114 Despise 
116 Scallion 
117 Behold! 
118 Bone 
Latin 
12o More recent 
123 Border: 
Scot. 
125 Competent 
126 Concludes 
134 Bowlike curve 
137 Travel 
139 Suffice 
141 Exists 
143 Japanese drama 

SEE SOLUTION PAGE 19 

Stroll into summer with this bandeau bikini 

ONE of the new looks for the summer of ‘77 is this bandeau bikini in softly sueded Caprolah nylon simplex. 
It has an ad­ justable side- tied brief and bandeau bra that hug the fig­ ure. 
Made by Bob­ bie 
Brooks it comes in sizes 
3-13. and retails for $21 in most stores. 

Loch Ness-ki Monster 
THE LOCH NESS monster may have a cousin—in Russia. A member of the Soviet Geographic Society, A Pechersky, told the newspaper 
Komsomolskaya Pravda that he and his son saw a giant snako-iike creature in Lake Kok-Koi in the Dzambul area of southern Kazakhstan 
Biologist, Dr. Sergei Kumov, an expert on evolution told the newspaper it would be wrong to dismiss the idea of a monster. 

_ CASH 
P A Y IN G TOP DOLLAR FORS 
• Gold Coins • Silver Dollars • Any Silver Coins 
• Old Coins of Silver or Copper • Diamonds 
• Sterling Silverware • Class Rings 

• Old Jewelry, Pocket Watches, Gold Watches 
• Dental Gold— Platinum; anything gold or silver 

(IM M EDIATE PAYM EN T) cif Ut Inflation I (loan out your drotsor drawers 
_______ or atta at tho tamo tim#! 
SILUNG QUALITY JI WILBYW 
W H O U IM IH IK U 
.J S T .!.” , 

OPtN IO A.M. • 5:3o PM. MON.-SAT. 

RIVERSIDE COIN CO. 
— 451 1 Commnrco (by tho River) 
3 2 5 - 1 9 9 6 
>3 o . 4 9 6 3 
2 3 5 - 6 9 8 1 

Fiocc Call Of Write for H H Premium (ain faying l i t " 

M RO SS 

Kl »\v 
Kus: naval na-e 
11 Soda ' aa '1 lier 
1 2 lorn Cock- ta:! 
IT \rtist - sn meet 
22 Wa-: ltii.ton >ea i> 'ft 
21 Papa. cape 
24 S' ice- irama 
25 Caun cous 
26 Mi LKaM native 
27 Turkish ruler 
28 C;i'sawar\ 
D Metal boll or pin 
11 lit' Kids ol pheas- llltS 
12 Number ll Red or black — 
14 esquire Abbr 
Ii Noise 
16 To prevent 
17 Leaves 
88 \ supposition Pl 
29 Candlenut tree 
41 Pos, pronoun 
4.8 Compote 
41 Sea bird 
47) Shade tree 
47 Informs 
44 Chart ii \ba ted ii Old -.all Colloq i i Assumes 
Royal power 
)8 Masculine name if) Festivals 
61 Fuel 
62 Bob — 
Actor 
64 Outer garments 
66 Stop|K‘d tempo­ rarily 
69 Disburse 
71 Unruly children 
72 Prepared for action 
74 Expired 

7i Sentry 
77 Word with traffic or grape 
79 To oust 
81 Small contribu non 
82 Word with meal or pie 
81 Man s nickname 
86 exclamation of regret 
88 Weird 
89 Silly 
9o Site of a trial 
91 Shopping center 
92 A loose woman 
94 I )r\ said of wine 
9i 
Try — — tend­ erness” 
97 Short sleep 
48 Rare art object 
99 Frozen raindrops 
IDI Mr Lincoln 
1o2 Upper class­ men Abbr 
IGI Sounded a t)ell lOi Discounted 
2 wrds 
1oo Nuptial time 2 wrds 
Kl;; Win xiv plant 
1o9 Short for Lester 
111 
Mama — 
112 To scorch 
III H2o 
116 Biblical Abbr 
118 Reinstruct 
122 I .ad 
124 Sarcastic 
126 \ mild oath 
127 Untwist 
128 Christmas songs 
129 Finnish poems 
121 School or collar 
122 Operated 
12.4 Made amusing remarks 
124 A noisy display 

126 Phones 
1.28 Feeling of rev­ erence 
129 Frolic about 
14o Route Abbr 
141 Rural 
Flee 
Administration 
Abbr 
142 The — of the crop 
I Ii Four bagger 
146 Mixed drinks 2 wrds 
Iii Auto type 
1)4 Kxplored a wound 
I V) is me’ 
157 Tricked 
158 Point a gun 
16o 
I Love A —- ‘ 
162 Short for Pame­ la 
162 Part of an arrow 
161 Pedestal. Abbr 
I6»j Site for I OGA 
168 Vietnamese hol­ iday- 
169 Well balanced 
171 Swiss canton 
172 Drag behind 
174 Kxi st Pl 
175 
— & Coke 
176 Hindu God 
177 Fell ill 
179 Residue 
181 Conflict 
182 Desert 
182 Vn era 
184 Singing group 
18-5 River in 
S 
France 
186 Glides on ice 
188 Impassive 
19o Robert —. Actor 
191 Lucky number 
192 To turn outward 
192 Russian leader 
194 Landed proper tv 

 last week’s Giant solution 

©C J I i u M >9 Tt 

195 Dreadful 
196 Pewee — Base­ ball 
197 Highway curves 
198 Winter vehicle 

DOWN 

1 Mixed drinks 
2 I horse carriage 
3 Scholastic 
I Corn meal bread 
Pl 
5 Paris friends 
7 lw»gal advice 
8 Escutcheon bor der 
9 Make lace 
1o Demands 
II Hair tint 
12 TIh* body 
13 Not transparent 
14 Kncountered 
15 Waterless 
16 Indigenous ones 
17 Metrical time unit 

18 Martini must 
19 Kntert allied 
2o (everlasting 
21 Well educated 
27 
Pliable 

3) Feminine name 
39 Together with 
4o Tresses 
42 Ranted 
46 Animal trap 
48 Hawaiian wreath 

49 Mixed drink 
5o Careful, wise* 
52 Sorrowful 
53 Cubic meter 
36 Sailor Slang 
57 Barrel part 
59 Prolific, fecund 
Crystalline min era Is 
62 Outer — 
63 Finish 
65 Pig pens 
67 It is. Contr 
68 Sen Kennedy 
69 Day break 
7o Vegetable 
TI Mixed drink or a tool 
75 A mixed drink I wrds 
76 Indonesian is­ land 
77 Shark moue 
78 Mixed drink 
8o Twitch 
82 Short tor Patrick 
83 Males 
84 Mixed drink 
85 Block up impede 
87 Blemished marked 
91 Karthly 
93 Hitch- — 
95 LII — Comics 
96 Masculine name 
98 Enclosures 
1oo Robt E. - 
1o1 leather tool 
1o3 Body of water 

S I L L Y E T T E S 

1o4 Women i i i white Abbr 
1o7 Water pitcher 
HO Wash V IP 
111 Perused wrong­ ly 
113 — Sarazen Gull 
Pro 
115 Turkish officials 
116 Breadman 
117 Water or flower 

119 Kxeereised the muscles. 2 wrds 
12o 3rd man in a ring Colloq 
121 Frightened 
122 Plant part 
123 Time periods 
125 Not up 
127 Lassoed 
I to Slumber 
TH Masculine name 
134 To md — 
135 Auricle 
137 Cairo V IP 
TH Corn ear 
113 Damage 
144 Petitioned 
145 Iw'ss comely 
14o Const ret or 
147 Departed 
IIH Belgium river 
149 Ivy college 
15o Take a seat 
1)2 Nationwide lit Hindered de layed 
155 Italian sauce dish 
156 Part ol a lieard 
159 Borders 
161 I Ogres 
163 Senora 
o54 High structure 
166 Mountain crest 
167 Regretted 
17o Temerity 
173 Squander 
174 Passageway 
176 Inoculations 
178 Scotland river 
14k) Possess 
I iii 
It ss a Sin 
T e ll 
’ 
184 Cash Discount 
Abbr. 
187 God mound 
189 Opposite oils 

 veer 
Abbr 

 lo 

S ta r WHIRLY W O R o6 by Worsen Tobotch 

PUZZLE 

M 
A 
N 
I 
A 
I 
L 
A 
L 
O 
H 
C 
E 

E 
M 
D 
N 
E 
B 
C 
S 
P 
D 
C 
H 
K 

R 
A 
A 
M 
D 
H 
O 
L 
O 
S 
E 
R 
L 

C 
O 
A 
R 
U 
R 
A 
A 
R 
N 
R 
O 
E 

E 
F 
R 
R 
O 
S 
A 
O 
R 
O 
G 
M 
L 

N 
J 
C 
E 
T 
T 
T 
P 
T 
D 
S 
A 
I 

A 
H 
U 
E 
Z 
P 
A 
A 
O 
K 
S 
T 
H 

R 
E 
R 
N 
L 
O 
T 
I 
C 
E 
D 
I 
P 

Y 
H 
O 
U 
G 
I 
O 
I 
D 
A 
L 
C 
O 

A 
R 
C 
B 
O 
L 
R 
N 
L 
A 
L 
R 
M 

L 
S 
E 
N 
O 
B 
E 
E 
S 
O 
R 
A 
O 

C 
S 
N 
O 
I 
T 
A 
C 
I 
D 
E 
M 
H 

C L U E : ‘ B A B Y B E D ’ 

Solution: 6 letters 

H O * TO PLAY ah the *o'ds osied 
»oMiCai!y di«gor'»Oy 
•et’erj Th«i tsMove* 

Bend 
Boards 
Bones 
Bricks 

Chromatic 
Church 
< lay 
< ram 
Dale 

Echolalia 
Elk 

 appeal n th*, pull'* 
• ba< » #a<ds ( n(j there st.** 1 me S i« '* a r d 

I aine 
Loam 

Homophile 

Inch 

Jungle 

Leopard 

Mania 
Medications 
Mercenary 

- SO'i/orO*lly and coct# th*a 

Oboe 

Plaster 

Radiator 
Rose 
Rotation 

Sculptor 
Snooze solo 
Son^ 

Zero 

 las! Week'* Ant*cr; P U Z Z L E 

H i I 
' n l f 

Too skinny? ll golden on the 

SKIN N Y people have a harder time putting on weight than fat people have taking it off, according to Ameri­ ca’s most successful diet doctor, Robert C. Atkins. 
The second part of THE ST A R ’S exclusive five-part ex­ cerpt of Or. Atkins' newest book, Dr. Atkins’ Superener­ gy Diet, includes a food, vitamin and mineral program to make you feel better than ever before while helping you achieve your proper weight and look your best. 

 rules to put pounds and boost your energy 
Dr. Atkins: How to gain weight. 

★ 
★ 
★ 
I OFTEN meet attractive, slim people who tell me “ Dr Atkins, I don’t need your diet. I’m skinny " 
Or. “ I don’t have to diet, I never gain weight.” 
Such statements really concern me There is a misconception that slim people do not have to diet, and that leads them to more im­ proper eating habits than any oth­ er group. 
Some want to gain weight 
When they see their overweight friends getting fat from eating sweets, thin people often make the big mistake of filling them­ selves up with empty calories, which are in fact anti nutrients 
Slim people may use sugar in huge quantities, unaware that this is what prevents proper nutrition from filling out their slim frames 
Other thin people try to gain weight by drinking malted milks and eating a lot of desserts and sugary junk’ food 
They wonder why they don't gain weight, with out realizing what all those sugars and starches might be doing to them inside 
It rarely occurs to the slim that their diet might bt* the cause of fatigue or other unexplained health symptoms 
My Diet #2 is for those of you who are tired, or depressed, oc have other diet related problems and happen to be underweight 
This diet was not primarily de­ signed to help you gain weight, but for giving you energy 
Chances are that it will help you gain weight, but there are some who will not put on a single pound 
Believe it or not. it is usually harder to get an under weight person to put on weight than it is to get a fat person to take weight off 
Unfortunately, the diet I consid er the best diet for superenergy 
(l)ic*t kl. in last week’s STAID is not good for thin people Thin pen pie don’t seem to tolerate Diet kl because they do not have the fat reserves to mobilize a ready food supply. 
The underweight person will be forced to burn up his vital tissue proteins on Diet kl. something that no dieter should ever do 
Suppose you are fatigued un derweight. but free of any known disease except for a possible sus pinon of low blood sugar How do you change your diet ’ 
Here are the basic principles of my Diet #2 
• Your new diet must be higher in calories than your present one, otherwise you would not tx* likely to put on the desired weight 
• All your calories must consist 

DR. 
ATKINS: 
WHAT 
TO 
EAT 
OR 
AVOID 

YOU CAN eat all you wast of the following foods, since they have only small amounts of carbohy­ drate: 
MEAT—all cuts, all kinds. TMS includes organ meats. 
EGGS—any style. 
FOWL—any kind and amy style. 
PROTEIN tX>NCENTRATE8—jpeotein wafers, liquid predigested protein, soy vegetarian burgers. 
NUTS AND SEEDS—all you mw*. 
FATS AND OILS—vegetable oBs, butter, margarine, mayonnaise, shortening (some unsaturated fats should be included). Heavy cream and sour cream In any quantity. 
CONDIMENTS—sob, pepper, paprika, oregano, on­ ion sail, garlic sab, any dry spice. Soy sauce, Worces­ tershire sauce, m y seasoning in which sugar is not a maim' ingredient. Artificial sweeteners, hut not Mus­ tard, vinegar, horseradish, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, capers, sad many others. 
DESSERTS- sugarless getatia, flavored and wtfis- vored Anv artifkaHy sweetened or sugarless dessert. 
Whipped cream con be used if made without sugar. 
OUVE3—black or green. 
PICKLES—dill or sour. 
BEVERAGES—water, ten, vichy, dub soda, lemon or time jake, decaffeinated coffee, ab as modI as you aum regular caf {ciliated coffee ta to bo avoided. Clear broth, consomme Madrilene Ab sagaorleas dot soda 
(except colas such os Tub and Dr Pepper or other so­ das with caffeine). 

[ar or sorbitol are cheese rrnit- are 

SALAD—all salad vegetables, sock as leafy greens, 

■ifi <fcbnB"W-T - m w im Mil t w F*- •*•*• — iMii ii ii nill iii v i J I til iriiiii rh S n 'jb m m m moMm sKXN 
4 
", CTupC b s f 
* 
* rnTrWCmuPmy toes, onions are allowed In any quantity. Sula 

 lugs which do oat contain ted (bahan, alt, vinegar, all OR), 
Yea should eat the following foods, but you must measure their carbohydrate gram confit and fit into vow (hob: 
VEGETABLES—nil are allowed except those which have been partitioned and a nutritional part discarded. 
So you would not eat white (polished) rice, polished oats, skinless potatoes, cornstarch, etc. 
VEGETABLE JUICE—permitted. 
FRUIT JUICE—limit to less than a glass per day. 
GRAINS oily whole grains are permitted. Ordinary bread, crackers, cake mixes, etc., are made of white 
IIM 
I ■ k l 
_ - L l l - 1 * ^ -f icw lM r.p wtJbjfC H p H T v D x O u W M * * 
FRUIT—apples, pears, oranges, grapes, and cher­ ries, facing sweeter, are allowed In small quantities. 
Alc tons, berries, bananas, avocado are all preferable. 

MILK—no name than two cups for an adult, three for a child. Yogurt and buttermilk would be included 
Id ibis comb. Be aware of the possibility you may have a lactose deficiency, especially lf diarrhea follows milk-drinking If you do, milk should be avoided. 
SNACKS—popcorn (homemade only), fried pork rinds, whole grain wafers, sugarless cookies, corn chips, mbs, seeds. 

ALCOHOL—wine in cooking. Otherwise your limit should he two drinks per day. 
You should not eat any sugar. This includes sugary desserts, Jams and preserves, sugared sob drinks, can­ dy, cookies, cora syrup, dextrose, honey, catsup, sweet relish. 
Do not eM white flour or aay food from which fiber or bran has been removed. 

 of foods which contain other im­ portant nutrients, and very little should be of the empty calorie, antinutrient variety, such as sug­ ar, refined flour, or alcohol. o F’eedings should be frequent and preferably balanced as to 
E rotein, fat, and unrefined ear- ohydrates. 
o The ideal level of carbohy­ drate for you must be* determ ine through trial and error. lf you are underweight it is probably because of one of two reasoas: 
One. is that you are not as effi­ cient in using fuel for motabo lism A higher percentage of the food you eat is wasted instead of being turned into useful energy 
Two. is your appestat, the hy­ pothetic* hunger signal which regulates body weight, is set so low that the presence of hunger is not made known as quickly as in other people. 
With these special considera­ tions in mind, here are the golden rules for superenergy Diet WI 
1 Determine your vitamin and mineral program, using the guide­ lines given you last week in THE 
STAB 
Try the vitamin mineral regimen for four days before bt* ginning the other diet changes 

This allows you to begin to cor­ rect any glaring problems before you begin metabolic changeover, and helps you to know which ben efits can be attributed to vitamins rather than diet 
2 Determine your present daily carbohydrate intake, using a car­ bohydrate counter. If you are now eating less than IOO grams, in­ crease your carbohydrate intake to that level, 
3. Schedule five or six conve­ nient times spaced throughout the day for snacking. Three might represent your usual mealtimes and two or three would be snack times and at bedtime F*it some thing every three or four hours you are awake. 
4 Divide the number of grams per day by the number of feed­ ings This will give you the* ap­ proximate number of carbohy­ drate grams you should eat at each feeding. 
5 
Carbohydrates should pri­ marily bi* unrefined starches such as whole grains, lentils, vege­ tables. and particularly nuts and seeds Fruits arc less desirable at first than vegetables for they con­ tain a simple sugar rather than a complex carbohydrate. 
F’ruit once is OK in small Quantities. fx*nev should be avoided, milk lf this diet doesn’t work for you 

IF THIS diet does not help you. there may be other reasons you can't gain weight 
There are many nondiet causes of underweight, and if you simply cannot gain weight even alter trying everything I ve told you. you should work with your doctor to see if you might have some other condition 
You should never ignore unexplained weight loss 
It can be an ominous symptom of serious, even life­ threatening disease and demands immediate medi­ 

 cal investigation, particularly if your weight should suddenly begin to drop See your doctor. lf the weight loss is associated with thirst or in­ creased urinary frequency, it could mean diabetes 
Unexplained weight loss can also be caused by something as serious as cancer, especially if asso­ ciated with fatigue 
So if you have fatigue in association with unex plained .weight loss I would suggest you call your physician and make an appointment immediately. 

 should be limited These will be added later. 
6 No sugar This also means no corn syrup, dextrose or glucose. 
7, No white flour, cornstarch. white rice, or other refined car­ bohydrate 
Eat brown rice and whole grain bread instead. 
8 No caffeine during the begin­ ning week. This includes coffee and colas. Check the labels on drink containers. 
9 No alcohol For most people, this applies only at the beginning of the diet. 
1o Select the permissible car­ bohydrates according to the above rules and decide which ones you will be eating, in what amounts, and at which times Then fill in the remainder of your diet with foods that are primarily protein and fat: F’,ggs. meats, fish, fowl, and cheese. 
11 
Flat as much as you can comfortably enjoy without over­ stuffing yourself. Concentrate on the frequency of your feedings rather than the quantity. 
Follow this diet for at least one week 
If you cheat, by eating sweets—even a single candy bar, or go back to old habits of drink mg colas, coffee or alcoliol. begin again until you get it absolutely perfect for one week 
Then take inventory lf you are feeling better, you are ready to make your diet more liveable An­ swer these questions 
• Are all the feedings still nee essary’* Or do you still feel as 

• KKI'HINTKD by permission ol 
{Crown Publishers, Inc from DK 
ATKINS SUPKHKNEHdY DIET by 
Hubert C Atkins, M I ), and Shirley 
Mutter I Unde Copyright © 1977. by 
Hubert C Atkins. M !> . and Shirley 
Linde 

 well if some of the snacks are eliminated’.’ 
• Are you gaming or losing weight? There is usually a two-to- three pound loss the first week if the total carbohydrate intake has been drastically reduced 
There should be? some regain the second week 
If not. the total carbohy­ drate count should bf* increased 
If the weight remains the same or goes up. the carbohydrate count need not be increased. 
• Which foods would you like to add ’ There is now room for more of the* simple carbohydrates, such as milk. unsweetened yogurt, and fruit. F’oods sweetened with a lit­ tle honey might bt* added now 
If there has been no improve­ ment in your energy, you either need more carbohydrate or less carbohydrate This will take some trial and error to determine 
Increase your carbohydrate in­ take 2o grams per day. If that makes you feel tx»tter. keep add­ ing until you reach a level that gives you optimal well being lf you leel worse, start subtracting 
2o grams of carbohydrate per day until you reach optimal well­ being 

IMPORTANT: Save this page lur future reference if you plan to try 
Dr. Atkins’ diet. 
NEXT WEEK: 
2 more diets and a test for fatigue you can give yourself 

IT’S A MAD 
MAD WORLD 
Experts tell: Why we get a thrill being stared to ■ death by monsters 

King Kong: Movie audiences are paying a fortune to be frightened by this jungle tyrant. 

SELF-DEFENSE FOR WOMEN 

Bv Emil Parkas of National Self Defense Institute. 

“ I 

ONE of Ute weakest parts of the human body is the groin. When an opponent attacks you by putting his hands around you, he leaves his most vulnerable area exposed. Utilize this to your advantage—lift your knee up quickly into your opponent’s groin. Make sure you show no mercy—remember you are the one being attacked In kick­ ing your opponent, use all of your force and weight. Shout loudly as you defend yourself. It will scare your attacker and may bring unex peeled help. Remember: Do not panic. Be calm and catch your at­ tacker by surprise 

A church uses TV to help people cope 

Wife who shot her husband blames weather 
RANDOLPH 
GURGANUS was shot by his wife—all because of the cold snap that hit Florida. 
Gurganus, 26, returned unex­ pectedly to his home in Clear­ water, Fla., one morning after discovering his business was closed because of the bad weath­ er. 
His wife had bolted the door and was taking a shower. She heard the front door rattling as her husband tried to open it. 
Mistaking him for a burglar, 
Mrs. Gurganus grabbed a .22 cali­ ber pistol, opened the front door and fired. Her husband was treat­ ed for a flesh wound. 
Boy, 6, faces arrest 
MATTHEW DIETZ faces a con­ tempt of court citation for not turning up for jury services. Trou­ ble is, he’s not allowed to go to the courthouse alone. 
“He’s only six-years-old,” ex­ plained his father Stephen Dietz. 
“ I think the whole thing is hys­ terical,” said Mr. Dietz. “ I’d like to see the faces of those mar­ shalls when they come to arrest him.” 
—Tower may topple— 
ITALY'S famed leaning tower of Pisa is once again leaning too far. 
Now experts fear that the tower, which attracts 1oo.ooo tourists-a-year, may have to be caged in steel bars to keep it upright. 
The 8oo-year-old bell tower leaned one-sixteenth of an inch again last year, mainly be­ cause there is too much water in the sand and clay surround­ ing its foundations. 

Town ready for 2o76 
THE town of Hebron, Conn., has appointed a commission to meet once a year for the next 99 years to plan celebrations for the Tri­ centennial. 
Meanwhile, the outgoing Bicen­ tennial Commission buried a time capsule, to be opened in 2o76, con­ taining 143 items, “a cross-section of today’s culture." It included three marijuana cigarettes and two pipes to smoke the drug. 
Bandit is a scream 
A BANK robber has hit on a new and effective weapon to use dur­ ing his hold-ups—a piercing scream. 
Dressed as a jogger, the bandit walked into a bank in San Fran­ cisco’s financial district and asked a girl teller for change of 
$5 When she opened her cash drawer, the bandit let out a loud scream. The teller jumped back and the man scooped $1oo from the drawer and fled. 
Language of love 
A COUPLE in Orange County, 
Fla , proved the language of love knows no obstacles recently when they appeared before the Justice 
<rf the Peace to be married 
John Robbins performed the marriage between Virginia Lee 
Pride, who speaks only English, and Jose Guadalupe Estrada, who speaks wily Spanish. “They ought to get along pretty good," said 
Robbins, “they’ve got nothing to argue about ” 

A CHURCH is spending fl-million 
! on a TV campaign to help people cope with their day-to-day prob 
1 lems. 
They include loneliness, lack of trust, too much pressure and a fear of the rat race. 
But, says the Baptist General 
I Convention of Texas, most people i say their No. I problem in life is hypocrisy. 
“Our professional researchers discovered that hypocrisy was the chief problem," 
Dr. 
James 
I .andes, executive director of the 
BOOT, told THE STAR 
“ People appear to find it diffi­ cult to trust one another and it 

 worries them. They want to show trust but sometimes they just can’t.” 
The 1,5 million member church is using 36-second spots on radio and TV and newspaper ads to al­ low people who have had genuine religious experiences to tell their stones. 
We are speaking to people about their fears, and letting them know there are people who understand and care," said 
Landes. 

By ALAN D. HAAS 
MOST people enjoy being ter­ rified by a monster like King 
Kong, say psychiatrists. 
It helps us reach beyond the dullness of our everyday lives. 
King Kong, star of the new Di- no De I>aurentiis movie, is cur­ rently doing record business at the box office. 
But that’s no surprise to psychi­ atrists, anthropologists or histori­ ans. 
Dr. John Napier, a noted Brit­ ish anthropologist, says: 
"We both love and hate monsters. 
“We laugh at them and we fear them. But, overall in a curious way, we respect them simply for being monstrously big." 
Monsters also help channel peo­ ple's anxieties away from disease, hunger, war and other natural disasters, says Dr. Napier. “They reduce to a comprehensible form our inner fears and dread of ex tertial forces beyond our control." 
Joseph Campbell, author of 2o books on mythology, says: 
“ Myths like King Kong are ve­ hicles of communication between the conscious and the uncon­ scious, just as dreams are. 
“They serve four important functions for mankind. 
“ They awaken a sense of awe, even rapture, about the mystery of the universe. 
“They offer an understandable image of the world around him. 
"They support the social order through rites and rituals. 
“They guide the individual through the dependency of child­ hood, past the traumas of adoles­ cence and the trials of adult­ hood." 
Wayne Suttles, a professor of 

 anthropology at Portland State 
University, Ore , says: 
“ When we were little kids, we learned about strange creatures and monsters, and then we grew up, and learned that they weren’t real, that we had to give them up 
“When we find them again, it’s like finding your teddy bear in the attic, it’s very reassuring ” 
Dr. Bruno Bettleheim, the not­ ed child psychologist, says man needs monsters. 
“Unnamed anxieties are much more threatening,” he says, 
“than something to which we can attach a name and form. 
"Anything we know, or think we know, is more comforting than the unknown." 
Dr. June Singer, a Chicago psy­ chotherapist. says: 
“ Monster fantasies lift us out of the known and give us the cour­ age and imagination to create something new. 
“We need the I .ach Ness mons­ ter the same way we need to make trips to the moon— to go be- 
G nd the known to what people ve never before seen or experi­ enced." 
Dr. Gertrude Williams, a St 
Ijouis psychologist, and head of clinical child psychology for the 
American Psychological Assot'la- tion, says: 
“ A belief in monsters repre­ sents un existential desire to get beyond the real, drab world. 
“ There is embedded in the hu­ man psyche a wish for the un­ known, a desire to explore the offbeat. 
“Of course, if there actually is a Loch Ness monster, it doesn’t mean our fantasies will be stifled. 
We will simply look for something else. 

PUZZLE SOLUTION 

S T 
L O 
E DI 

P L A 
O H llU E D U 

 i. BH B ID El BBI3 
H Q 

 f 'M r ] a Mol Pl a hi w a n 

 i la 

■ a a 
E U S Q 
IU UL! urn a 
SB D B D o 
I BaaJ BB M B J I B m ! B M I 

 a a a 
Mi 
5 
Ll a Will 

H H U H M tim al la aal anoas d r b o s uraana Minoa 
□ann aaa arm mm mm 
I w a ui do a l 
UWM QK9QB Q&fclOQ QOWa CD 
UHLJWWUU UWH'UU WU ULUIU 
IKJ H MHO o U o B o m u u m u u UMI uu urn am Bo am am aa ma liaoKS o g iia uByifi ISiaao iBBfcifflB B a s a n m a y a s s o nlim 

SERVICE IS THE HEART OF OUR BUSINESS 

E A P ! 2o TMI SAN ANTONIO STAB— February 13, 1977 

Litton 

MODEL 1o2 

MODEL L-2 

BROWNER 
SAVE 

Now only 

Reg. $299.95 

Reg. 
19.95 

6o.oo 

$259.9o 

 only *2599o 

 with AUTOMATIC 
■ 
CS 
DEFROST 

T h * M o d *! 1o2 m K o w a v a oven it Io ta * e n o u g h lo h a n d le m ot* e veryd ay to o l m g needy, yet com pact e n o u g h to lit in t* a corner ol your cownterypuce A n d w ith A u to m atic Defrott you can even m a k e la tt-c n in u te d e c isio n s — th e n c o o k e n t ir e m e a l* r ig h t fr o m th e h e e le r 
C om e in for an e n e rgy-ca vin g m ic ro w a v e c o o k in g d e m o n ttro tio n to­ d a y 
»14l! HOPP'S tow, tow 
PRICE 

SOME ITEMS REDUCED 
$ J, QT 
BELOW ACTUAL INVOICE COST! ^ 
' 

MANY ONE-OF-A-KIND 
SCRATCH N DENT— FLOOR MODELS— SOME IN CRATES 

5-YR. 
M A G N E T R O N 
W ARRAN TY 

Full one yeor warranty on all party including tho magnetron and labor in tho homo, lim ited tocor d through fifth year warranty on magnetron part replacement only 

Look at these advanced Litton features 
• C o m p a c t exterior, w ith e a sy -cle a n acrylic interior. 
• Automatic Defrost. 
• 2o-minute timer. 
• 16o-pg. "Exciting World of Microwave 
C ooking" cookbook. 

WL CERTIFY THUT EVERY TV, 
S TEREO , WASHER, DRYER, r e f r i g e r a t o r , r a n g e , 

 m i c r o w a v e O V E N . 
DISHWASHER, COMPACTOR 
FREEZER IN OUR S T O C K IS 
SALE PRICED. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

^ 
C 
” 
SOLID STATE 

DIAGONAL COLOR 
CONSOLE 
$6399s 
S U G G 
UST 

NOTHING HELD BACK 
ALL ITEMS MUST GO! 
I NO DEALERS \ 
I 
PLEASE 
I 

Ilk [cRJeW i. 

I 
C E N T R A L P A R K 
341-3395 

2 3 l l S O U T H H A C K B E R R Y ] 
532-7375 

2 6 o o W E ST A V E 
733-9138 

1 5 3 3 A U S T IN H IG H W A Y I 
824-6327 

W O N D E R L A N D 
732-7193 

9 o 2 S W M IL IT A R Y D R » V E | 
924-4268 

U N IV E R S A L C IT Y 
6S8-S381 

SERVICE IS THE HEART OF OUR BUSINESS