COMING SUNDAY! 
Enter Today! 
YOU, Too, Can W in in Our G iant 

Weight Watchers 
# 2 

Collecting the new antiques in SCENE 
$uper wealth of the 
Sheiks 
Exclusive Associated Press news and photo coverage 

LOTS MORE PRIZES TO COME . . . 
INCLUDING A TRIP TO MEXICO CITY! 

THE SATURDAY 

George and Bonnie 
Carmack visit 

San lose de 
Palaiox 
Page IB 

EXPRESS NEWS 
* a n A n t o n i o . Toxin* 
Situ I Ii T e xas* In rt»esl-selling Sal u n l a y n e w s p a p e r 

6 a.m . 
SPORTS 
FINAL 

March 11, I 

Principal arrested in spanking incident 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
MATHIS — A South Texas elementary school principal has been arrested on charges of simple assault for spanking a 
1o-year-old boy who a teacher said had been fighting with an­ other boy. 

Bill Fricks, a schoolteacher and 
Snafu shaping up over funds 

WASHINGTON POST SERVICE 
WASHINGTON 
- 
Thousands of counties, cities and towns across the country m ay m iss out on their share of 
SI.7 billion in federal revenue-sharing monies next m onth because they have failed to return form s assu rin g the governm ent they will com ply with the revenue-sharing law in disbursing the funds. 
Because of a law passed last year, the governm ent requires a new form from these local governm ents before they can receive federal revenues. 
Of the 39.(MM) or so state and local g o v e r n m e n ts e l ig ib le for re v e n u e - sharing grants, only 25,(MMI filed the required form s by this w eek’s d ead ­ line, a c co rd in g to rev e n u e -s h a rin g officials. 
Without form s signed by the chief executives of these states* cities and counties, the T reasury cannot send them revenue sharing checks on April 
7. The form s were m ailed Feb. IO. 

A spokesm an for the Office of Re­ venue Sharing said that, while March 
IO was the official deadline for receipt of the form s that assure the localities will comply with the revenue-sharing law. the governm ent probably will accept form s until som e tim e next week. 

Some will miss out 

Undoubtedly, however, thousands of localities will m iss out on th e A pril paym ent because they tailed to sign the new form — which was required by 
Congress last year when it extended the revenue-sharing law until Sept. 3o. 
I OHO. 

Officials have not decided w hether to set up an o th er payout d ate for loca­ lities that realize they failed to send in their forms. 

'principal for 3o years, said he “ pad- died” Rene Serna three tim es, giving him the s a m e -p u n ish m en t two other boys received at the sam e tim e and in the presence of a teacher. 
One school official d e s c r ib e d the paddle as 1H inches long, 31 4 inches w ide and one-quarter of an inch thick. 
F ric k s w as re le a s e d on p e r s o n a l recognizance bond Thursday by Coun­ ty Judge P ercy H artm an a lm o st im ­ mediately after he was booked in the 

San Patricio County jail. 
F ricks was arrested after the boy's father. Robert Serna, a fo rm er coun­ cilman, filed a complaint. 
S ern a w as not a v a ila b le for c o m ­ ment. 
Acting Police Chief Milo C ontreras said he had examined the boy and, “ to me, he was in pretty had shape ... he couldn’t sit down.” C ontreras said he believed F rick s had paddled the boy 
. more than three times. 

F rick s said Sonja H arrin g to n , the teacher who brought the boys to him for discipline, was a witness. F ric k s said the Serna boy had been brought to him for “ fig h tin g and s tic k in g his finger in another boy’s eye.” 

He added that Serna had com plained earlier in the year when his son was spanked. “ He (Serna) did not believe in it. Not for his kid.” 

School Superintendent Clan McGraw 

Jr. said it was school policy to paddle and whenever a child was paddled by the principal, a teacher was requested to he p rese n t as a w itn ess. He said school officials w ere conducting an in­ v e s tig a tio n , a n d w ould m e e t w ith school board m em bers. 

He a d d e d tn a t if sc h o o l o ffic ia ls found that “ the school policy was fol­ lo w e d ,’’ th e school w ould d e fe n d 
Fricks. 

Burbank loses to 
SOC, 66-54 

Story, Page IC 
AFGE local doesn’t wan 
GIs m union 

Cystic fibrosis victim Jesse Rodriguez, 7, smiles after receivina first communion in Santa Rosa Medical Center’s Children's Hospital. 
Jesse, son of Mrs. Sylvia Rodriguez, I 9 4 9 Silo W ay, cannot live without the ever-present oxygen apparatus but wears a perpetual smile. — Photo by Joan Imbimbo 
Terrorists’ indictm ents are sought 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
The American Federation of 
Government Employes won t organize military personnel if the union’s local membership has anything to say about it. 

A FOP' L ocal No. IHI7 P r e s i d e n t 
Andy Sanchez said Friday local m e m ­ bership was a waiting official notifica­ tion from the national office on a vote to look into the feasibility of unionizing m ilitary personnel. 

“Our local voted against it last year and i f s q u ite likely they will vote against it ag ain ,” Sanchez said 

AFGE opened its ranks to m ilitary personnel last D ecem b er d u rin g the union’s national convention. 

But th e n a tio n a l e x e c u tiv e c o m ­ m it te e v oted in W a s h in g to n . D C. 
Wednesday to put the issue to the vote of all the union’s locals, Sanchez said. 

“ W e’ve received no official notifica­ tion for the vote from the national of­ fice vet.” Sanchez said. “ As soon as we do. Local No. IHI7 will vote on it." 

S an c h e z s a id local 
A F G E m em bership opposed the idea of un­ 

 ionized m ilitary because of the conflict b etw e e n m i l i t a r y an d c iv ilia n jo b holders. 
Competition 
“ Our local m em bership and all civilian federal em pllyes are in com petition with m ilita ry personnel for jobs," Sanchez said. “ T here would be just too m uch conflict in a union­ ization drive for both m ilitary and ci­ vilian m e m b ers.” 
The specter of soldiers and airm en on the picket line has raised much ne­ 

 g a tiv e r e a c tio n fro m g o v e r n m e n t] leaders and m ilitary organizations. 
J a m e s O. Duncan, president of the 
San Antonio based Non Com missioned I 
Officers Assn., said, "U nionization of! m ilita ry p erso n n el would c a u s e t h e 1 u ltim ate d e stru c tio n of our n a tio n ’s arm ed forces. 
“ If the roots of m ilitary unionism take hold of the defense posture of our nation, they will sink to a level where no am ount of hindsight will ever pull us out. 
“ It m ust not be allowed to happen.” 
S.A. celebrates with 2 parades 

R e v e n u e -s h a r in g m ade each quarter. p a y m e n ts a r e 

R ath er than p ro v id e sta te s, c ities and towns only with funds tied to spe­ cific p ro g ra m s , for th e last se v eral years the governm ent has been g ran t­ ing billions of dollars which local go­ v e rn m e n ts can use as they see fit, within certain limitations. 

WASHINGTON (AP) — Prosecutors said they would seek to indict fur felony m u rd e r all 12 of the Hanafi 
M oslem te r r o r is ts who held th ree b u ild in g s an d 134 h o s ta g e s for 38 hours. 

T h e felony m u r d e r in d ic tm e n ts would be in the d eath of M aurice 
W illiam s, a black rad io station r e ­ to rte r killed by gunfire in the takeover 

GOOD MORNING 

 h id e 

Action E x p r e ss..............................ISF 
A strology...........................................ISF 
B rid ge.................................................12E 
Business, F in a n c e ................ 
IB 
Church N e w s ......................... 2-3B 
C o m ics................................,. ME,ISF 
C rossword P u zzles........................MF 
D eaths.................................................12F 
E ditorials................................. 
IHA 
G a rd e n in g ............................... 
HF 
4-7B 
................. 2 A 
M D 
. . . . M C,NC 
ISE 
S-7C 
I-1 IF. IO-131 

( Ji lic k Ie 
T h e r e a re a lot of p eo p le who never forget a kind deed — if they did it. 

Forecast 

Fair, m ild. High. near 71. m id-IHs. Details, Page SB. 
Low, 

F R IO A Y 'S T E M R E R A T m r i s 
M arkets................. 
N ew sm akers......... 
S cene....................... 
S p o r ts ..................... 
T e le v isio n ............. 
T heaters................. 
Want A d s 
. 
W eather 
..............................3B 

1 urn 
2 o m 
Jam. 
4 a m 
I a iii 
6 a rn 
I a rn. 
8 a m. 

64 
66 
64 
6o 
614V 

« urn. 
IO a rn 
H u m 
Noon 
I o m 
? o m 
3 P m. 
4 p rn 

4 p m. 
6 [> rn , 
2 pm. 
I p m 
V p rn 
1o p rn 
11 pm 
M td m y fit 

COLUMNISTS 
Jack A nderson...................... 
2A 
Dan C ook.............................................2C 
Dan (Stepper............................. 
3C 
Ann L anders................................. 2D 
Dr. Gee. Thosteson ......................ISF 

 l l ITH YEAR 
N O . 46 
64 PAGES 

T i L § P H O N E S 
Wont A d i ( M o n E n 
I o rn I )o p rn 1 H i 1666 
A ll o»h#i d e p a rt m e n ti </ o rn v p rn I I i i 2411, C ity e d ito r (9 p m 2 ct rn I I i i 1411. Spin is e d ito r (o p 
/ a rn I Til J/21 or Ti2 22o1 

DID YDt KNOW: ll \ mi receive home delivery til the Express and Sunday 
Express-News $1 m ore w til bring you lite evening News for a month Total 
S4 35 per month ( all 225*7411 for prom pt delivery 

 of the District of Columbia city hall, one of the three sites occupied by the gunmen. 
However, four of the terrorists were set free without bail and the other eight wen* jailed F riday after they were charged with arm e d kidnaping. 
First to in.* set free was Hanafi leader 
K halifa H am a a s Abdul K h aalis, 55, who had threatener! repeatedly to chop off the heads of his hostages. 
Promised 
Prosecutors prom ised him freedom pending trial in return for release of the hostages. N egotiations w ere h a n ­ dled by th re e Isla m ic a m b a s s a d o r s who quoted to Abdul Khaalis from the 
Koran, the Moslem holy book. 
Also set free were three Hanafis who had seized the Islam ic Center m osque without firing a shot and without in­ juring any hostages. 
Superior Court Judge ll. Carl Moul­ trie said the D istrict of C o lu m b ia ’s liberal bail law left him no choice hut to release them because their charges might be lighter than the rest. 
The law requires release w ithout hail if defendants have com m unity tics arid arc not a threat or liable to flee the court’s reach. “ The judges don’t m ake the law s,” M oultrie said. “ We only carry them out." 
Bail was set at $5o,(MI each for two who took over the D istrict B uilding, where Williams was killed and three others were wounded. 
Of those who helped Abdul Khaalis seize the h ead ­ quarters of the Jewish service o rg a n ­ ization B ’nai B rith , w h ere s e v e r a l persons were wounded, four had bail set at $5o,(KM) ami two at $75,(UM). The higher bail was set because the latter two had previous convictions. 
P rosecutors said ail 12 d e fe n d a n ts could draw jail term s of 15o years or life ll in d ic te d au d c o n v ic te d on m urder charges. 
U.S. A tty. E a r l H ilb ert s a id he 
See 
MURDER, 

MBC sig n s netty l o r d 

ASSOCIATED FRISS 

NEW YORK - Form er First lady Betty Ford has been signed by the National Broadcasting Co. to appear in two specials and a number of other programs over the next two years. 

Colum nist Rona Barrett said 
Friday that Mrs. Ford would re­ ceive "in excess of $1 m illion." 

Downtown San Antonio will com e alive with two p a ra d es c ele b ratin g 
March and St. P atric k ’s Day Saturday. 
M arching bands from L anier and 
Fox Tech high school will lead the fifth annual Paseo de Marzo parade starting at noon. 
The prim ary goal of the parade is lo pay tribute to the men and women of 
Mexican lineage who have fought and died defending the United States. 
A total pf 4o entries have been con­ firmed anil the Comite Paseo de Marzo has issued special invitations for all candidates for April elections to p arti­ cipate. 
Alamo ceremony 

The p arad e will sta rt at San Saba 
Street and travel up Houston Street, ending with a special cerem ony at the 
Alamo. 
The St. P a tric k ’s Day P a ra d e Com ­ mission of the Harp and Sham rock So­ ciety of Texas is sponsoring the loth annual St. P a tric k ’s Day parade start- 

Paui Patterson of Houston puts the finishing touches on Toy 
Poodle Montrichards Swufty Friday during the San Antonio Com­ bined Specialty Club's second annual dog show at Joe Freeman 
Coliseum. — blaff Photo by Pat Hamilton 

S iste r M a rg a re t P a tric e S la tte ry , president of In carn ate Word College.] has been nam ed grand m arshal for the parade. 

Thousands of m archers, drill te a m s .j bands and floats will participate in the largest St. P a tric k ’s Day parade in the] 
Southwest, 
The p arad e will start at Avenue Kl and Brooklyn Avenue, proceed south to J 
Houston S treet, go west on Houston! 
S treet and d isb a n d at C am aro n and! 
Martin streets. 
The Society’s com m ission will also turn the San Antonio River green Sun- # day, renam ing it the River Shannon. I during a parad e starting at I p m a t ! 
Twohig’s R estaurant 
T h e p a r a d e w ill p ro c e e d to th e J 
Arneson River Theater. 
Gas prices expected to rise slowly 

By JIM WIK)!) 
L o-V aea ( l a t h e r i n g C o., w h ic h supplies natural gas to City Public 
Service, expects prices to rise slow Iv | during the next year. 
In its an n u al fo recast of p rice s, j 
Lo-V aea e s t i m a t e s cost of g a s to j custom ers, such as CPS, will increase from $2 o3 p er 1,ooo cubic feet this 
‘March to $2 14 by next February. 
Under a tem porary rate approved by the T exas R a ilro ad C om m ission in 
1973, Lo-Vaca is allowed to pass on to custom ers the average cost it pays for! gas plus five cents per UMM) cubic feet. 
•The com pany keeps the nickel for in own operating costs, 
C ost curve 
W hile p ric e s a r e e x p e cted to c o n ­ tinue their upw ard spiral because of m arket conditions, Don Ncwquist, Hic c o m p a n y ’s vice presid en t for public affairs, said the cost curve is b eg in ­ ning to flatten, 
The prices are subject to change be* cause of such conditions us r e d e te r ­ mination clauses which allow the pro­ ducers that sell to lo-Vuca to periodi­ cally a d ju st th e ir p rice s, a lm o st a l­ ways upward 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 
■ y 
,------ T 
■:------------- 
. 
.-a.grTf5S3g.Jt a a — — 
—---- r „ 
. 
— 
—— — — — 
Prison! Ugh! 

Conductors 
Arthur 
Fiedler of the Boston 
Pops Orchestra and 
Seiji Ozawa of the Bos­ ton Symphony have so­ m eth in g in com m on with residents of Mas­ sachusetts’ picturesque 
B e rk sh ire s 
— they don’t want a medium security prison near 
Tanglewood, the sy m ­ phony’s summer home. 
Both c on ducto rs 

 spoke against a propo­ sal to locate a prison near Tanglewood d u r­ ing a legislative com ­ mittee hearing attended by more than 1,ooo peo­ ple h ere 
T h u rsd a y night. 

“ I t ’s taken m any years to build up a fa­ cility like 
Tanglewood," Fiedler said. 
ARTHUR FIEDLER 

Silver lining 

It was a bad day for 
Christella McCloskey. 
She had a row with w orkm en fixing her roof, she was getting a divorce, her baby son had a rash and she was fired for not smiling. 
Mrs. McCloskey took the matter to an indus­ trial tribunal. 
Helen Bond, the boss at Warley Green kin­ dergarten in Birmingh­ am, England, said of her smile rule: "I have to do it and all the other girls have to do it. I will not tolerate miserable people." 
Members of the tri­ bunal decided M rs. 
McCloskey hadn’t much to smile about on the day in question and found her wrongly dis­ missed. 
They aw ard ed her 
$58o com p en satio n . 
Mrs. 
M cCloskey smiled. 

Red Skelton strikes a familar pose outside Carnegie 
Hall, where he will perform a comedy program he describes as "verbal mime" Saturday. Skelton will also appear with a I 7-piece orchestra, conducting some of his own musical compositions 
Nessen next in book line 

And now Ron Nessen has signed a contract to write a book about his years with the 
Ford administration. 

The latest in a still- building list of former 
Ford aides to tu rn author has made a deal with Playboy P re s s , 
Coleman nom inated 

F o rm er T ra n s p o rta ­ tion Secretary William 
T. Coleman Jr. has been nominated to the board of American Can 
Co., the p a c k a g in g maker announced F ri­ day. 
Coleman, who served 

 under former President 
Gerald R. Ford, will be eligible for an annual fee of $7,ooo plus $5oo for each monthly board meeting and $3oo for each committee m eet­ ing he a tte n d s. 

 which will publish a book by Nessen in 1978. 
Young citizens 

Mia Farrow, the ac­ tress, and her husband, 
Andre P revin, the composer and conduc­ tor, went before a fe­ deral jud ge in Los 
Angeles with their two adopted V ietn am ese daughters to have the g irls n a tu ra liz e d as 
American citizens. 
Lark Song, 
4 years old, and Summer Song, 
2Vi, raised their right hands and took the oath of allegiance. 

Movies, pills filled Hughes’ shaggy years 

WASHINGTON — From secret daily logs kept by attendants, we have been presenting the strange saga of 
Howard Robard Hughes. 

Carter asked stop swine flu program 

DOW NTOW N 9 3o TO 5:3o M O N THRU SAT 
PARKING BEHIND DO W N TO W N STORE 
SUBURBAN 9:3o TO 6:oo MON. THRU SAT. 
A ll MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HONORED 

COMWtFD PHOM WI RE S FI VICES 
WASHINGTON - A special panel advised the 
C arter A dm inistration 
Friday to shelve the na­ tional swine flu vaccina­ tion p ro g ra m but to c on sider su p p o rtin g some lesser im m uniza­ tion efforts. 
However, the panel — convened to m ake r e ­ commendations for the future of federal influen­ za im m u nization p ro ­ gram s — was not able to. 

NATIONAL 
DIGEST 

 reach a consensus the nation’s specific needs for a vaccine for the flu season that begins this fall. 
Dr. 
David 
R ogers, 
P rin c e to n , N .J ., who. chaired the meeting of 
^MARKDOWN 

 doctors, scien tists, b u­ sinessmen and public in­ te re st advocates, said there was general agree­ ment that chances of a swine flu epidemic next season are very low. 

Senate okays disaster bill 

WASHINGTON - The 
Senate has passed and sent to the White House a bill appropriating an ad­ ditional $2oo million for disaster relief. 
The money is to be used in drought-stricken areas of the West and 
Great Plains and in Eas­ tern states plagued by severe winter snows. 

Food stamp change asked 

WASHINGTON 
A g ric u ltu re S e c re ta ry 
Bob Bergland is asking 
White House permission to propose two m ajor ch an g es in the food stamp program. 
No cost changes would be involved. One propo­ sal would increase the n u m b e r of poor and near-poor families in the p ro g ra m . The second would reduce benefits to fam ilies at h ig h e r in ­ come levels. 

Committee gets death evidence 

WASHINGTON 
- 
Memphis officials have turned their evidence in the Martin Luther King 
Jr. murder over to the 
House A ssa ssin a tio n s 
Committee 
The evidence included the rifle and bullet that are the key to whether 
J a m e s E a rl Ray was 
King's assassin in Mem­ phis in 1988 

The late billionaire spent his last years in a series of darkened pent­ houses, often groggy from drugs, watching a constant round of movies. 
He went months, sometimes years, without trim m ing his hair, beard or nails. 
His g re a te s t p erso nal stru g g le apparently took place in the bathroom, where he spent an abnormal amount of time perform ing his ablutions. His bowel movements are triumphantly recorded in the logs. 
The daily records also contain re ­ p eated, m y ste rio u s re fe re n c e s to 
“ 2o-1-1-1,” "th e item ," "B B s” and 
"4s.” These appear to be code names for the drugs that his doctors reluc­ tantly provided. 
Hughes started off New YeaVs Day, 
1972, for example, with a dosage. A notation in the logs reports that "he took 6 of the 25 4s" shortly after he awakened at ll a m. 
Awake 25 hours 
He remained awake, typically, for 25 hours. He spent the time nibbling on chicken and watching "G unfight in 
Abilene," “ Midnight Lace," "Daring 
G am e," “ Once Upon a Time in the 
West" and “ Topaz.” 
He also watched one reel of “ Break­ fast at Tiffany’s." Then this notation appears: “ After one reel, HRH said we could return." 
Apparently, he also disliked “ Once 
Upon a Tim e in the W est.” for this stern notation appears after 
- he watched it: “ HRH says not to get any more Italian wes­ terns.” 
But “ Topaz” pleased him; the log states: "H e said he likes this one.” 
We got wind of H u g h e s’ condition in 197o and published an eye-witness report. The story caused shock waves throughout his $2 billion empire. 
His aides responded with a frantic flurry of denials. Finally in 1972, he came out of seclusion twice within six months to visit briefly with outsiders. 
They contradicted our description of the billionaire as a wildly shaggy ap­ parition. 
Speculation 
We speculated that they may have been greeted by a double; we even es­ tablished that Hughes had used dou­ bles in the past to deceive process servers. 
But the logs reveal that the visitors m et the real Hughes; the logs also show that it took four hours to groom him for the confrontations. It was his first barbering in years. 
His trim, new Van Dyke beard was just beginning to get ragged again when an earthquake shook him out of his penthouse at M anagua’s Intercon­ tinental Hotel. 
The log has him lounging in his re­ clining chair at 12:25 a m., Dec. 23, 
1972. 
T here is no record of the quake, which caused the hotel to heave vio­ lently, except for this terse notat’on: 
“There was no log kept from the time of the earthquake in Managua, Nicar­ agua, until the arrival in Miami." 
Return to U.S. 
The next entry clocks his arrival at 
Fort Lauderdale at 11:45 p.m. on De­ cember 23. 
He remained holed up in his Lear jet for four hours, however, while his aides wrangled with Internal Revenue and Customs agents. 
They had anticipated his arrival and 
.sought to serve him with a subpoena. 
But incredibly, the tax agents were called off by Washington after a few midnight phone calls to high places. 
Only Customs agent Harold Sawyer was adm itted on board the private plane. He found the billionaire behind a blanket, which had been draped across the seats and aisle. 
Saw yer shined his flash lig h t on 
Hughes, who had a “ black hat pulled 

■ Jack 
Anderson 

 down over his head to his ears. His face was extremely thin, and he had a full beard which appeared to be gray and flecked with brown.” The man identi­ fied himself "with a mumbled assent" as Howard Hughes. 
Goes to London 

According to the logs, he spent a two-day C h ristm a s holiday in his 
"M iami house” and then took off on 
December 26 for London. He settled into the penthouse at the Inn on the 
P ark and im m ediately called for a screening of “ The Deserter.” 
The old routines were resum ed — bed, chair, movies, bathroom , with prolonged picking over food, regular dosages of BBs and 4s and triumphant 
BMs and Big Es. (The latter a p p a r­ ently refers to enemas.) 
Hughes agreed, meanwhile, to see 

For the next two years, he watched movies and let his hair grow, a voluntary prisoner o f Xanadu, until he became too feeble to move 

Nevada’s Gov. Mike (^Callaghan and gaming chairman Phil Hannafin to re­ solve a stalemate over his gambling properties. 
The meeting was scheduled the night of March 17, 1973. 
At 11:35 p.m., Hughes’ barber, Mel 
Stewart, trimmed his beard down to a neat Van Dyke and tapered his un ­ kempt hair. It was 1:15 in the morning before Hughes was ready to greet his 
Nevada visitors. 
After the meeting, he shuffled into the bathroom at 3:o5 a.m. 
Wanted to fly 

Three months later, he made his last bid to return to reality. He announced to his startled aides that, despite his fragile h ealth , poor ey esig h t and elapsed pilot’s license, he would like to fly again. He d id n ’t even own any street clothes. 
His aides purchased clothes to h i s . specifications and arranged for him to fly an HS748 private jet. 
On Ju n e 9, 1973, he w atched a screen in g of 
" S tr a te g ic 
Air 
C o m m an d .’’ T hus m e n ta lly c o n d i­ tioned, he had a long, 1o-hour sleep. 
The next m orn ing , Mell S tew art came in at 8:1o and spent until noon grooming, dressing and readying the billionaire for the great event. 
He slipped out of the hotel sh o rty after 2 p.m. for a day of flying with an 
F^nglish jet pilot nam ed 
Tony 
Blackburn. 
Broke hip 

Not long afterward. Hughes broke his hip in a bathroom fall and retreat­ ed forever into his gloomy penthouse. 
He re tu rn e d , i t ’s tru e , to the 
Bahamas and moved into the Xanadu 
Princess Hotel, which he purchased. 
F'or the next two years, he watched movies and let his hair grow, a volun­ tary prisoner of Xanadu, until he be­ came too feeble to move. 
Then on Feb. 1976, his entourage u naccou ntab ly flew the he lp le ss 
Hughes to Acapulco, where he deter­ iorated steadily. 
He died, according to his doctors, on an em ergency flight to Houston on 
April 5, 1976. 
Justice backs judges in desegregation cases 

EXPRESS-NEWS 

o 
M ill duad*, am) I, no­ bat 
Oa, and aa Jute d 
CH,.,Mmi, Do, w#« r aa* > Do, «*#* arn, at t v Mamta, 
'. d a . aim pw6'.k*.i aa a Mondo, aka- M r 4 CM.,tote, Da, 
Wa* *oa> » Do, 'oa, aa a (uaia*** duads, 
Ay TS* fc«po*v» NdwV Corpo*o'ton 
F O t o , 2 1 / I i a r 4«orno la . * , / » ) » / 
W o o * Clat, F c a g t ai do* Antenw I a .OI tc*»«'a*c (ama aw oh. da 14a ,k»* a* 
I * dc loam I t i l , aa to Ad*Mu„.«c>** da 
C v a d t a* W yaw Lo,adc ta * * ., a a i « 

 ail ciBowawa * d a w >dadd do oO d.oi.ad ta do* A«te*ie Ia4aa„ of dan A"Kpwo Wa., 
TK., .a a l* * * a.** no, Ba i*.poa,»ti* 'w 
W |.W V < , a* wooing OOO, na< Mk, dad to* 
*u tenaka" 

MAIL SUBSCRIPTION RAVIS b u 
I 
6 Moi 
I Vt 
Woinmj | W xtar 
IS 46 IJS 11 1 5 4 /4 
CNtf 
|4 #5 
I U tO $4# I I 
I ••ruffed 
15 o / 
1/6 13 15o 56 
|4 41 1/3 o5 144 54 
5«a<jo, Oro, 
13 31 116 15 13o 15 iti 
«too*e awk*#* sate* t«* j 

OTMIR STAVIS 
H w m , » Sundae 
M JI 1)1 14 D I l l 
Ow, 
EJ 2o i i i 4 / M3 t i t.amng & Modo, 
M at MO 2) M I 94 
U a a g O d r id t9 
Md JO M i d ) 
W t o , CM, 
Md# J I * S J M ) Id tMki**o*t oat,do '***» rn* od addn lo ta, I 
Woo,* o*1..*., .wa. .rn., .ate, O' Job Ai' 
■ama Mama* aad duads, I) AO pol mpnlH 

I .rn ludo. Nill 6 do, Mom** aal, J) /Q pat 
•.and. I wit, Kid*, tool Modo, v*r - * Wade, 
- JI 4 / poi nwadi .UHiud*, teal J Jwndu, 
W JI id p*> mood. ..Meted*I tell 
COtelduATlOW (Alt Mourn** Mam**, dete><to, ant Sundo, Id i i pa. a a * 

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Carter administration on Friday supported the power of federal judges to order changes in school programs if that is necessary to correct the lingering psy­ chological and educational effects of past segregation. 
In a brief filed with the Suprem e 
Court in a Detroit school integration case, the Ju stice D epartm ent said judges have the authority not only to end segregation, but also to use a var­ iety of tools to remedy the effect of the discrim ination on the a ttitu d e s of teachers and children and the learning abilities of black children. 
Courts 
But the department said the courts, 
"w herever possible," should avoid getting involved in the day-to-day operation of the school system. And the courts should not attempt to correct segregation caused by housing p a t­ terns or other "private conduct,” the department suggested. 
The 35-page brief offered the first official clue to the positions the a d ­ ministration will take in several school desegregation cases pending in the courts and on the issue of racial inte­ gration in general. 
But it was hardly more than a clue because the Detroit case involves none of the most controversial issues of integration, such as the busing of chil­ 

 dren and the opening of white neigh­ borhoods to minority residents. 
The government argument suggests that the administration will go along with the authority of judges to use a variety of measures to correct proven practices of racial bias as long as the courts confine their orders to those proven acts. 
No hints 
But there were no clear hints to t|je administration’s views on a question facing the Suprem e Court in other cases and likely to have a g r e a te r long-term impact on racial mixing 
That issue is whether the courts must require proof that officials intended Ao discriminate against minorities w h|n they took actions that produced se ­ gregation. The high court is moving in the direction of requiring such proof and that makes it more difficult fir minorities to win court orders requ^- ing integration. 
The department brief in the B eirut case was signed by acting Solicitor 
General Daniel M. Friedman and Asst. 
Atty. Gen. Drew Days, the first blagk to run the departm ent’s civil rigtUs division. Days was n o m in ated |>y 
President Carter. 
Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell had received an oral report on the brief before it w^s filed but had no direct involvement in writing it, a department official said' 

U n tir in g f o r d o l l a r s 

Southwest Texas State University square dancers do their thing 
Friday at North Star Mall during a 37-hour marathon that began earlier in the day. The Wranglers, a SW TSU square dancing group, is trying to raise funds to pay their way for a State 
Department sponsored tour to Rumania, lf they reach their goal, the dancers last steps should end at I I p.m. Saturday. — Staff 

Photo by H. M. Dean Jr. 
Clayton: Texas must be better ally to M exico 

By JERRY DEAL 
Texas cannot sit back and wait for the federal wheels to turn in the government’s new cam ­ paign towards better relation­ ships with 
Mexico, 
Texas 
Speaker of the House Bill Clay­ ton said Friday. 
Clayton, addressing the 5oth anni­ versary convention of the Pan Ameri­ can Student Forum of Texas, said the state's interdependencies "with Mexi­ co are m any and we m ust a ttem p t daily to improve our situation." 
Also on the convention agenda and speaking of U.S. - Mexico relations was 
Mexican Consul General Haul Gonza­ lez Galarza. 
Clayton told the several hundred 
PASK student m em bers at the Con­ vention Center that policy measures by both nations, in many cases, have been passed with little attention to their impact to the people in Texas and oth- ar border states. 

"D irection, coordination and hard information is needed from the state level.” the House speaker said. "It is clear to most people that there is no one, at any level who can accurately state how im p o r ta n t are the social and political situations which affect the borders. 
"I think he Texas Legislature needs this inform ation, the Congress c e r ­ tainly needs it, because without it, re­ lationships suffer and we often miss discovering the solutions to common problems." 

Noting there has been a lack of good neighborliness with Mexico at the na­ tional level as was enjoyed when Lyn­ don Johnson was president, Clayton said Presidents Carter and Lopez Por­ tillo offer that new hope. 
He said Mexico is a good neighbor, citing, among other things, its help in selling the nation natural gas during the recent crisis. 
PASF and its 1o,ooo m embers, who are the future diplomats and interna­ tional business representatives, are vital to m a in ta in in g a frie n d sh ip between the U.S. and Latin American nations, he said. 

Learn culture 

"Continue your implementation of bilingual and bicultural program s," he said. "For too many years our country has been criticized for its slowness in a tte m p tin g to learn the languages, c u ltu re s and h isto ry of o th e r countries." 
G onzalez G a la rza w as given a standing ovation as he emphasized in both Spanish and English the im por­ tance of friendship between Mexico and the U.S. 
"We are learning from the younger generation to understand that even though our world is divided into na­ tions, human beings must be united,” he said. 
Some 5,(HK) m em bers from 2oo Texas high school and junior high chapters are expected to have attended the con­ vention by the time it concludes Sa­ turday. 
Cave-in probe sought 

Gov Dolph Briscoe and 
Secretary of Labor F. 
Ray Marshall were asked 
Friday to investigate the deaths this week of four laborers in San Antonio in construction cave-ins. 
Making the request in m ailgram s sent to the two public officials was 
Henry Munoz Jr., execu­ tive d ire c to r of the 
American Federation of 
State. County and Muni­ cipal Employes, District 
Council 99 
Munoz also asked the two officials to enforce existing laws designed to 

 protect workers in jobs where there is "eminent d a n g e r .” 
T he law s, 
Munoz said, have been e n a c te d to p ro te c t w o rk e rs’ lives, "M ex i­ cans included." 
There was no shoring on the trenches in which the accidents occurred 
Monday and T uesday, 
Munoz said. 
“ It is obvious that con­ tractors doing business in San Antonio, Tex., fi­ gure that Mexicans are ch eaper than plywood and two-by-fours," Mun­ oz asserted. 

66SO Sandora Road 

S t. A u o u » tin « ( C a r p e t) 
O 
« 
G U A S S . . JULI PALLI! 
C l # 
Mi ii. 
LISS THAN A FULL PALLIT..................... 
I .o7 tq. i i 
FLORA!AM .. rial 'A U H 
J - 3 9 
*4 . 
UM THAM A (UU 'AUH................ 
I . 6 9 

COMPUTE E 
S 
E 
S 
1PRODUCTS AVAILABLE 
TREES PLANTS 
SHRUBS 
SEEDS 

Come V itit O u r Complete 6 
Acre 
C a rd e n 
C e n te r with 

 e v e ryd a y ' ‘FA R M TO Y O U ’ 
PRICES A n d SA V E ll 

ORIN Daily 6-7 P.M. 
664-21 IO 

"W e a re reaso nably sure that labor inspectors share the same attitude 
— the loss of four lives proves it. Such inspec­ tors should be fired immediately for criminal negligence." 
Psychiatric exam asked for Parrish 
KINGSVILLE, 
(AP) — Lawyers for Roy 
A guilar P a rris h asked 
Friday for a psychiatric examination for the un­ em ployed tru c k d riv e r accused of taking six hostages and holding more than 8o South Texas police o fficers at hay before his capture. 
P a rrish had been scheduled for a r r a ig n ­ ment in district court at 
Kingsville Friday on four ch arges of ag g ra v a te d kidnaping as a result of the Feb. 19 episode dur­ ing which P arrish also allegedly shot a U.S. 
Border Patrol agent, 
P a rris h was taken before D istrict Court 
Ju d g e W alter Dunham 
J r, F rid a y , bul before 
Dunham could ask for his pleas in each of Hie four cases, attorney Leo Vil­ la rre a l req u e ste d psy­ chiatric testing 

SPEAKER BILL CLAYTON 
... cannot sit back 
RRC asks more data in frozen gas funds 

 urn ss n e w s a u s t in su m a u 
AUSTIN — The state Texas Railroad 
Commission is asking for more evi­ dence before making a final decision on $1.6 million Lo-Vaca Gathering Co., has earned from the interstate ship­ ment of natural gas. 
The commission has called a hearing for March 22 to take more evidence and hear additional arguments on the money which is now being held in escrow under commission orders. 
The money represents earning by 
Lo-Vaca as a pipeline link in moving emergency gas supplies from Texas to the energy short Northeastern U.S. 
Halt 
In early February, the RRC halted 
Lo-Vaca from spending any part of an estim ated $2o million in profits the company expects to earn in 1977. 
H ow ever, on M arch 7, the RRC amended this order freeing all but the initial $1.6 million earned on interstate gas shipments by the company sa) far. 
The RRC heard testim ony earlier from both Lo-Vaca and several of the company’s natural gas custom ers in­ cluding San Antonio. 
Lo-Vaca officials told the com m is­ sion it would go bankrupt if all its es­ tim ated profits were frozen. It also threatened to go to court if the com­ mission didn’t free the estimated pro­ fits. 
The customer group has argued Lo* 
V aca’s profits as well as what they allege is a windfall from interstate gas shipments must be at least partially shared with them in the form of re­ duced gas prices. 
W oman to head court 
SAN FRANCISCO (A P ) - Rose 
Elizabeth Bird, a 4o-yearold attorney, was confirm ed F riday as the first woman to serve as chief justice of the 
California Supreme Court, 
At a news conference soon after a judicial commission voted in her favor, 
Ms. Bird said, "I hope to dedicate my professional life in terms of this posi­ tion to ensuring fairness and that jus­ tice is done." 
Of the heated and som etim es per­ sonal comments registered against her by some w itnesses during the co m ­ mission’s hearings, Ms. Bird said the system " is a process that req uires openness and a great deal of discus­ sion. and in the long run, although it s difficult when you’re in the middle of it, ifs probably healthy for our politi­ cal system." 

By DICK MERKEL 
CHIEF, EXPRESS NEWS CAPITOL BUREAU 
AUSTIN — A bill that would pump millions of dollars an­ nually into San Antonio for con­ struction and maintenance of city streets and roads was in­ troduced here Friday. 
HB1995 was filed by freshman San 
Antonio Rep. Frank M. Tejeda. 
It calls for the state to retu rn to 
Texas cities and towns 3o per cent of all taxes collected on the retail sale of gasoline, oil, parts, accessories and tires. 
These funds would be placed by the state in a special city streets fund and returned in an amount proportionate to the taxes collected by each city and town. 
Dead aim 
T ejed a’s bill takes dead aim at a portion of the new funding established in the governor’s highway bill intro­ duced as HB3 by Rep. Jim Nugent of 
Kerrville. 
HB3, which passed the House e a r­ lier, is now stalled in the Senate where 
Lt. Gov. Bill Hobby says it will be considered at a later date when the total state appropriations picture is clearer. 
* Tejeda’s hill is not dependent on the passage of the highway funding hill. 
While it stands on its own, it does take part of the funding plan of the 
Nugent hill and apply it to local street and road needs. 
Under I1B3, one-fourth of the retail gasoline, oil, parts, accessories and tire taxes are earmarked for public school funding. 
Another one-fourth would go to the 
County and Road District Fund of the state Highway Department. 
Highways 
The remaining 5o per cent would be earm arked as new funds for the con­ struction of state highways. 
The Tejeda bill would slice 3o per cent out of the general state highway construction funds in the Nugent bill and put them into the City Streets 
Fund. 
The State C om ptroller’s office has not been re q u ire d to m a in ta in a breakdown of the taxes collected by 

 ft calls for return to cities o f 
.3o per cent o f nil tuxes collected on retail sale o f g a solin e, o il, p a rts, acces­ sories and tires 

 cities and towns individually. 
However, figures prepared to show- statew ide estim ated revenues from these sources in 1978 indicate they will generate a total of $4o9.6 million. 
Under Tejeda’s bill, 3o per cent of this or $122.8 million would go into the 
City Streets Fund for distribution to cities and towns across the state. 
Since San Antonio is the third largest city in the state it is fair to assume its proportionate share of this fund would add into a m ajor boon for new con­ struction and maintenance of the city’s streets. 
For the year 1977, San Antonio has 

 budgeted $176,42o for right-of-way ac­ quisition for new streets, and $4.6 mil­ lion of all phases of street construction and maintenance. 
Tejeda said Friday his 3o per cent figure in the bill is based on informa­ tion supplied to him by the City of San 
Antonio. 
“ It’s estimated,” he said "about 3o per cent of all the d rivin g done in 
Texas is done on city streets. It seems only f a ir," Tejeda said, " th a t this portion of the cost of maintaining city streets should be borne by the state." 
Tejeda said his bill is p ro m pted mainly "by the deplorable condition of some streets in San Antonio, particu­ larly on the city’s South Side. 
"They are filled with chug holes and areas where water will not drain off, but stands for days at a tim e. This condition is a m enace to driving as well as health and exists not only in 
San Antonio but in cities and towns state-wide." 

Elizabeth “ Bitsy” Ruiz, center, 23, holds her trophy after being crowned Miss Kelly AFB Friday. Flanking her are first runner-up 
Jeanne M arie Troberm an, right, and second runner-up Alm a 
Canales. Miss Ruiz, who represented the 2851 st Air Base Group, is choir director and band assistant at Burbank High School. 
State court will move to old federal building 

By DEBORAH WESER 

Commissioners court voted 3-2 
Friday to shift one state court to available space in the former federal building on Alamo Pla­ za. 
The move came after close to two weeks of space juggling and debate, particularly over quarters for the last of the four new co u rts c re a ted for 
Bexar County last month. 
Three of the new courts already had space under the Bexar County Courth­ ouse roof. District judges had objected to reducing the size of the central jury room there to allow room for the fourth court 
Space 
They argued additional courts meant a need for more, not less jury room space. 
Tapped to m ake the move across town to the former federal building is 
175th Dist. Judge Preston Dial. Dial, earlier this week, volunteered to make the move, despite some acknowledged problems with transporting prisoners and jury back and forth. 
Favoring the shift to the former federal building were County Judge 
B lair R eeves and C om s. A lbert 
Bustamante and Jeff Wentworth. 
Wentworth, in fact, initiated conver­ sations with federal officials here leading up to the offer of the frit* space for the fourth court. 
Opposing the move were Coms A. J. 
Ploch and Tom S to lhan dsk e. Both wanted to see all the courts housed under the same roof. Stolhandske at one point even suggested letting one of the c o u rts take over the C o m m is­ sioners Court room and finding a n ­ other location for the commissioners, 
Building 

Meanwhile, commissioners agreed informally to wait until May 27 before making any firm decision on a deve­ lo pm ent plan for a p roposed new county office building. 
The waiting period was requester! by city officials lo look al prospects for a joint city/county office building a* a feasible venture . 
• 
County Commissioners will decide 
W ednesday if they need to u pdate 

 county space needs to coincide with the 
Fred Soele, the civil jury assignment city study. clerk, a reclassification that hikes his 
In other action, commissioners gave pay to $2o.3(H) a year from $17,6oo. 

 wall geometries 

Visit our new Fabric room where 

 you will find MIRA-X silk screen 

 fabrics designed by Vemer Pan 

 ton in the most beautiful color 

 combinations you have ever seen 

 models shown 42x42 ea •3 5. 

It's different, it's From 
I 
1~ l l l 1 
'- I 
I 
I 

6951 Son rertro, resntentiol 344 7331, (ommtntai 441 1691 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

SASD says union can sue but it has no case 

By LIZ SWEET 

San Antonio School District Board 
President William Elizondo said F ri­ day the teacher’s union has a right to sue but will not he able to substantiate charges of mailroom spying. 
Calling charges made Tuesday by 

Paul Giamona, San Antonio Federation of Teachers. AFL-CIO, president, ba­ seless and irresponsible, Dr. Elizondo said the union organization had never been harassed by the board. 
Giamona claimed district mailroom employes were directed to open the personal mail of teachers in six select 

 schools to determ ine w hether they were receiving SAFT literature. 
The SAFT spokesman said the group plans to sue the board of education. 
Although Dr. Elyiondo said district policy was in the hands of the admin­ istratio n , he said the board would never tolerate censorship. 

The SAFT representative also ac­ cused board representatives of apply­ ing pressure to encourage support for the district’s $49 million bond election. 
Giamona claimed a SASD attorney told the organization harassment of its members would be relaxed if the group would guarantee union support for the 

 bond issue. 
Dr. Elizondo said G iam ona, r e ­ presenting the SAFT, came before the board and volunteered support for the bond issue. The hoard p resid en t, stressed Giamona did not ask for and did not receive any special favors. 
The claims, he said, were made by 

 those who were not happy with the results of the last board election. 
The claims were made by dissenters in order to manufacture disenchant­ ment within the district, he said. 
“They are preparing for the next 
(school hoard) cam paign," Dr. Eli­ zondo said. 
Bill would put 
.IL state tax funds into city streets 

PLANT BEAUTIFUL COLOR NOW 
BY WOLFE NURSERIES 

OPEN EVERYDAY 9 a . rn to 6 p .m . MONDAY THRU SATURDAY - SUNDAY IO a m . to 6 p m 

NOTICE! 

Most al! soil samples have 

 now been tested. Pick up the results at the Wolfe 
Nursery where you left 

 your soil. Reports can be 

 picked up now. 

BLOOMING 
ARMSTRONG’S 
BONANZA DWARF 
PEACH TREES 
Beautiful decoration _ beers fruit. The q« ne tidy dwarf tree. 
Tree beers fruit when it's 3 ft. tall 
... now bearing size. 

‘ 8 . 9 8 ea. 
2 fo r‘ 1 7 . o o 

BEAUTIFUL PLANTS 
TO MAKE YOUR OW N 
HANGING BASKETS 

Springer) fem, Plumoso Fern, Velvet 
Plants, 
Spider 
Plants. 
Fantasia, 
Variegated Fantasia, Green Jen, Pur­ ple Striped Jew, Mouse tars Jew 
(Baby), White Striped Jew, Bearded 
Jew, lady Boat Jew, Bleeding Heart, 
Dollar Plant and Polka-Dot plants 

YOUR CHOICE 

6 9 * ae. 
3 fo r‘ 2 . o o 

BEAUTIFUL 
HANGING BASKETS 
We hove them 
Values to SS 98 
Choose from: FERNS ... BEGONIAS. 
WANDERING JEW ... YOU NAME IT ... WE 
HAVE IT 
CHOICE OF THE HOUSE 

’ 3 . 9 9 « . 
2 h , ‘ 7 . 9 o 

SUPER SPECIAL 
FOR THE 
THRIFTY BUYERS 

Choose from: 
GREEN 
UROPE, 
JAPANESE 
BOXWOOD. 
WAX 
UGUSTRUM, 
MONKEY 
GRASS, 
ASIATIC JASMINE, DWARF BUfORDI 
HOUY, DWARF CHINESE HOUY end 
DWARF YOUPON HOUY. 

7 9 V IO rn’6.9o 

MIX OR MATCH 

GRAPEVINES 
I arf}* vital, growing in I gallon cant 

$1 * V & for 
Thompson S std ltu . Muscat 
Concord or Niagara 

2 i o r $2 . 7 5 

STRAWBERRY 
PLANTS 

INDIVIDUALLY 
POTTED 

 plants for 

 ea. 

LARGE ASSORTMENT 

OF VEGETABLE SEEDS 

AT POPULAR PRICES 

OLEANDERS 
Mony in bud or bloom „ Many close to blooming ... growing in I gal. cons ._ Hardy Pink, Salmon and White. 

‘ 1 . 9 9 aa. 
5 for ‘ 9 . 5 o 
SMALLER...^! colors 79< aa. 

BLOOMING 
AZALEAS 
Mony in bloom all in bud ... dwarf and tall growing in con­ tainers. 

‘ 1 . 4 9 rn, 
3 for ‘ 4 . 2 5 
LARGER A MORE 
UNUSUAL VARIETIES 

‘ 2 .9 9 aa. 
2 for ‘ 5 .9 o 

HIBISCUS 
Singles t Doubles 
Rod I Pink _ largo pi oats growing in I 
J I Q O gal. con . . . . 
I * 7 7 ea. 

CALADIUM 
PLANTS 
Very colorful. All colors. 

6 9 * ea. 3 f o r $ 2 . o o 

HEDGE PLANTS & 
GROUND COVERS 

BOXW OOD 
Wall rnntarf nJnrrts tv VII rvOTVQ pvOttY* 

 a a . 
I O fo r ‘ 2 ’ ° 

JAPANESE LIGUSTRUM 
Fast growing 

I 9 ' « a . 
I O f o r > 1 .7 5 

ALGERIAN IVY a plant* to troy 

‘ I 4* way 

PLANT SHADE 
TREES NOW ! 

I Those are all in perfect condition for now planting 
I ARIZONA ASH ... * to IO It. tall antra heavy 
9 . 9 9 a a . 
I ARIZONA ASH . . J ta 7 It. tall, 
I ballad and burtoppad 
$ 2 . 9 8 o o . 2 fo r $ 4 . 9 o 
I MIMOSA SHAO* TBUS, * ft. tall. growing In I gal. can 
* 2 . 9 8 a a . 
I MIMOSA SHAO! TRMS. I to IO ft. 
I tall, growing In 3 gal. can 
* 6 .9 8 * o . 
I NON-MAR ING MULMRRY, S ta A 
I H. tart, growing m I gal. can 
» 2 . 9 8 * o . 

I NON-MARINO MULMRRY. IO It. 
I tall, growing in 3 gal. can 
* 6 . 9 8 * o . 

SVCAMORi SHAM TRU. S ta A ft. tall, growing In I gal. can 
* 2 . 9 8 * o . 

SYCAMOOf SHAM TRH, IO ft. taH, growing in 3 gal. can 
* 6 . 9 8 * o . 

CHINI SI UMMKLLA IRM. I" ivy” caliber, growing In 3 f 

PLANT CONTAINER 
GROWN FRUIT TREES 
FOR BEST RESULTS 

2 your Aid, 5 to 6 ft. taH — grow­ ing in I gal. can ... most all in loaf and bin am. Omasa from: PIRCH, 
PIAR, PLUM, APPUS A NEC- 
T ARINI 

‘ 3 . 9 8 aa. 
2 for * 7 . 5 o 

SPECIAL CLOSE OUT 

WOIH RUIZ ST. NURSERY - WOW 
UNIVERSAL OTY NURSERY g WOLFE 
SO. FLOR IS NURSERY ONEY 

FORMERLY $2.98 to $6.98 
SHRUBS AND TREES 
Growing in 3 gallon cans ~ all binds _. odds A ends — FIRST 
COME ...RRST SERVE. . . 
WHILE THEY LAST 
I .U U M. 

FORMERLY $1.99 lo $2.99 
SHRUBS AND TREES 
Growing in I gallon cans ~ adds 

5o4 rn 
A ands 
WHIU THEY LAST 

* 6 . 9 8 * o . 

Oro win* 
HYBRID (JVI OAK TIII. 
Mi 3 gal. can 
*6.98 aa. 
2 lot*13.oo aa. 
LARGER PRICED IN RATIO 

SHRUBS WHICH ARE 
BLOOMING NOW AND 
ARE EASY TO GROW 

FLOWERING QUINCE, 
. . _ 
2 ta 3 ft. taH 
* 1 .9 9 ««. 

ALTHEA (Rose af Sharon), rad, path, white 
,< QQ and purple ............. I.T Y aa. 

PERSIAN W A C 
* 1 .9 9 aa. 

SPIREA 
(Indol Wreath) 
* 1 .9 9 aa. 

RED BUD TREES 

Tho beautiful tree blooming oil eyer tho city now _ 5 te t ft. tall. 

‘ 2 . 9 8 ea. wowing rn 
: g adon can.. 
MOCH LARGER. 
Growing in 3 
‘ 6 . 9 8 
OO. 

GERANIUMS 
•fight 
otC»# gfORNOg i ft ft -«»' % 

69‘oa. 3 to *2.oo 

AU CCH ORS 

P L A N T T H S S C 

G O O D I E S N O W 
! 

AM pinntod hi I goMon tans. 
HORS! 
( k a d is h ...... 
HACKBERRY 
9 8 ’. 
98*. 
98*. 
98*. 
98*. 
98*~3ta*2.5o 

AUX OR MATCH 

BOYSENBERRY 
I Thot n its » ............ 

DEWBERRY . . . . 

RASPBERRY. . . . 

CITRUS TREES 

2 yea*I ^old. wotted Choom tm MURAN UM , fANGERON 
ORANGE, UMOH mid GAA PORUM 
*6.99 •* 2 m *13.5o 

CARPET GRASS 
SOO 
H Augelite* 
} | 
A Q w. 
CAAPt! HAASS 
I - d t T yd 
IrJLC'*'*4 *5.oo 
ARTICHOKE 

’ 1 . 9 9 
U r « o 

FERTILIZE THAT LAWN NOWI 
Your yard needs food now — food it only tho hast. 
GREEN GRO UWN FOOD 12-A-6 with Iron, SO lh. bag 
$4 95 sock 3 far *2o.oo 
GREEN GRO UWN fOOO With in­ secticide foods and kills insects at 

$7.95 sack 3 far *22.5o 
WACCO FfRTtUZER 15-5-5 .. *7.95 
WACCO FERTIUZER 1o-1o-5 . ‘ 7.95 
FREI USE Of SPREADER ON YOUR 
PURCHASE 
OE 
GREEN 
GAO 
FERTIUZER VtGORO FERTIUZER 
5o lh. sock............... *6.91 sack 
GREEN LIGHT PHAN FOOD 25 A. 
O S ’ foods S-5 caliper trees. 6 ffie c k 
GREEN LIGHT GENERAL PURPOSE 
FOOO, Ideal far garden, etc., 25 lb sa ck .......................‘5.59 sack 

CALADIUM 
BULBS 

White with growl, rads with on, rod, pink. A wonderful colors ... URGE BUUS - AU COE 
ORS. 
2o' 
5 for 89' 

LARGER BULBS ...A U COLORS 
79* . e 3 ia:‘2.oo 

LOOK AT THIS! 

Two 
Unde al fruit aa hmm tree „ PEACH A 
PLUM ar 
HK- 
TARINI A PIAO! 
‘ 6 . 9 8 

SPECIAL GROUP 

SHRUB SALE 

CHINE*! 
Itta ll Mi 

All Regular $1.99 bt HOUY 

W AXLE Af LUCKHUM). oo ii Mi 
I.A T I 
BURFORD! HOUY „ , o 
Ii Mi 
I.A T I 
GARDENIAS 

BEDDING PUNTS SALE 
We have solid truck loads of beautiful bedding plants for your shopping pleasure. 
C h o o s e fro m : 

AGERATUM 
DUSTY MRUK 

Blue Blazer 

ALYSSUM 

Rosie O fay 
Royal Carpet 
Tiny Tim 

ASTER 

Powder Puff Mixture 

CANDYTUFT 

Iberis Hardy White 

CARNATION 

(houbaud Mixture 
(haubaud Red 
(hauboud Pink 

CELOSIA 

Jewel Box, Dwf Mix 
Kardinal, Dwf Red 

COLEUS 

Rainbow 
Carefree 
Red Velvet 

DAHUAS 

Unwin* Dwarf Mixture 

DAISIES 

Gerbera Duplex Mix 
Glorioia 
Alaska 

DIANTHUS 

Barbatui 
Magic Charms 
Wee Willie 

Cineraria Maritime Diamond 

HOLLYHOCK 

Powderpuffs DW. Mixture 

IQtEUA 

Crystal Paloce Blue 

MARIGOLDS 

Spaceage 
Apollo 
Moonshot 
DouWe Fogie 
Doubloon 
Petite Mixture 
Petite Harmony 
Petite Orange 
Petite Yellow 
Sparky 

PM«T 
Steele s Jumbo Mix 

SINGLE PETUNIAS 

MIXED SHAPES 

Old Glory 
California Giants 
Carnival Deluxe 
Razzle Dazzle 

IEP SHAPES 

Candy Apple 
Comanche 
El toro 
Red Cascade 
Red Magic 

WHITE SHADES 

PLUE. PURPLE I WINE SHAPES 

Block Magic 
Capri 
Burgundy 
Royal Cascade 
Sugar Daddy 

PINK SHAPES 

Chiffon Cascade 
Pink Cascade 
Pink Magic 

SALMON SHADIS 

Apple Blossom 
Ballerina 
Coral Cascade 

SINGLE PETUNIAS 

White Cascade 
White Magic 
Snow dud 

VARIEGATED SHADES 

Calypso 
Minstrel 
Bingo Improved 

WINE-PURPLE A WHIT! 

Start ire 

YEUOW SHADES 

Summer Sun 

DU PETUNIAS-GRANPfflORAS 

Boll Mix 
Valentine 
Sonoto 
Blue Crown 
Salmon Bouquet 
Circus 

P IL PCTUNIAS-MULTItLORAS 

Sweet Tarts 
Raspberry Tort 
Apple Tort 
Cherry Tort 
Snowberry Tort 
Plum Tort 

PHLOX 

Beauty Mix 

PORTUUCA (MOSS ROSE) 

DouWe Mix 

SALVIA 

Red Pillar 
St. Johns Fire 
Violet Flame 
Evening Glow 
White Fire 

SNAPDRAGONS 

Floral Carpet 
Rocket Bronze 
Rocket Pink 
Rocket Red 
Rocket Yellow 

STOCK 

Bismarck DouWe Mix 

TOTORA 

Dwarf Dark Blue 

VERBENAS 

Spirit of 76 
Ideal florist Mix 
Dazzle 
Splendor 

VINCA {PERIWINKLE) 

 little Mix 
Little Pinkie little Bright Eyes 
Semidwarf Mix 

ZINNIAS 

Button Box Mix 
Pink Buttons 
Red Buttons 
Sombrero 

6 to 8 plants per tray 
59* per tray 

CALIFORNIA ARMSTRONG 
ROSE BUSHES! 
NEW CROP...JUST ARRIVED 
PUNT NOW FOR BEST RESULTS 
Planted in one gallon cans, each a select rose, plant now for bast results. Guaranteed. Double your money back H you can find roses of batter quality emf batter root system. 

* 2 . 1 9 _ 
3 , . ' 6 . 5 o 

6 , . ’ 1 2 . 5 o 
MIX OR MATCH 
C h o o s* F rom : 

WHITE: 

Blanche Mallerm frau Kori Druschki 

YEUOW: 

Eclipse 
Sutter's Gold 
Lowell Thomas 
Golden Masterpiece 

TWO-TONE 

 londevo De Sastago 
Forty Riner 
Pres. Hoover 
Peace 

Rf* 
Charlotte Armstrong 
Chrysler Imperial 
Crimson Glory 
Spartan 
Carrousel 
Mirondy 

PINK: 

Helen Troubel 
Tiffany 

Oueen Elizabeth 
First love 

LOW GROWING: 

Circus-Two Tone 
(hotter-red 
Margo Rosier-orange florcdora 
China Doll 
Valentine 

ORANGE: 

Mohave 
Montezuma 

LAVENDER: 
Blue biri 
Sterling Silver 

CUMBERS: 
(I Charlotte Armstrong-red 
Cl Crimson Glory red 
(I High Roan Yellow 
(I. Sutter s Gold yellow 
(I. White Dawn 
(I Chrysler Imperial red 
Cl Oueen Elizabeth-pmk 
(I Blaze 
Peace 
BEARING SIZE 
FRUIT TREES 
Balled and burlappad - most in bloom. 
PEACH TREES 
Balled and burlapped. Best varleites. 

* 7 . 9 8 „ . 2 c 
‘ 1 5 . o o 
PEAR TREES 
Balled and burlapped. Best varieties. 

* 7 . 9 8 « 2 , o , ‘ 1 5 . o o 
PLUM TREES 
Balled and burlapped, Best varieties. 

‘ 7 . 9 8 - 2 
- 
‘ 1 5 . o o 

$1 75 troys for 
I • # a# f g M M M M W R R M V M A 
PLANT YOUR VEGETABLE 
GARDEN NOW! 
Now it the time to plant your vegetable Darden. 
The experts oil agree that the early part of March it the perfect planting time for vegetables. Batter 
Yields Batter and bushier plants. 
PLANT YOUR GARDEN VEGETABLES NOW. WE HAVE A 
LARGE ASSORTMENT Of VEGETABLE PUNTS NOW TO 
CHOOSE FtOM. 
TOMATO PLANTS 
These are large plants ... A to B plants to a tray 
Choose from: lady Girl, Boatmaster, Bettor Boy, 
Big Boy, Bonus, Horofou, Margloho, Super fan­ tastic, Sun Ripe and Rutger 

5 9 * t r a y 
3 tra y s fo r $ I * 
7 
5 

Look at these beauties growing in a pack ... 6 to B plants to pock ... Choose from: BROCCOLI • Groan 
Comal. BRUSSELL SPROUTS - Jade Cross, CABBAGE 
Emerald Cross A Golden Cross, CAUUFIOWERS • 
Snow Ball — 6 plants to tray. 

5 
9 
, ,ro y 
3 
„ . y , t. , $ 1 
. 7 
5 

M I X O R M A T C H 

TOM ATO P U N T S «. In d iv id u a lly p otte d , 
12 v a r ie tie s ................... 
12$ ea. 9 to r 994 
PEPPER P U MTS ... mdivudually potted. Choose treat: LONG YEUOW SWEET, BEU BOY, CALIFORNIA 
WONDER. GOLD SPIKE, 
JALAP!NO and 
LONG REO CAYENNE 
12$ ea. 9 fo r 99$ 
IG G P U N T S ..................... 12$ aa. 9 fo r 99$ 
C U C U M BER ........................12$ ea. 9 fo r 99$ 
S Q U A S H ............................ 12$ ea. 9 fo r 99$ 
C A N T A L O U P !................... 12$ ea. 9 fo r 99$ 
O K R A .................................12$ ea. 9 fo r 99$ 
W ATERM ELON...................12$ ca . 9 fo r 99$ 
BROCCOLI..........................12$ aa. 9 fo r 99$ 
SW EETCO RN..................... 12$ aa. 9 fo r 99$ 
BRUSSEL SPROUTS 
12$ ea. 9 fo r 99$ 
C A B B A G E .......................... 12$ ea. 9 fo r 99$ 
C O LU R O S ..........................12$ aa. 9 fo r 99$ 
ASPARATUS ROOTS ... W a sh in g to n , la rg e r o o t s ................................. 39$ ea. 3 fo r T * 
RHUBARB ROOTS, G ia n t V ic to ria . 79$ , o 

BERM UDA ONION 

P U N T S ........................................ 98$ bunch 

CLOSING OUT 
PECAN TREES 
CHOICE OF HOUSE...WHILE THEY LAST 
REG. $6.99 to $19.99 PECAN TREES 
3 ft. to 7 ft. tall, all grafted. Choose from best varieties, 2 yrs. to 4 yrs. old. 
WHILE THEY LAST 
‘ 3.5o each 
REG. $22.99 to $34.99 PECAN TREES 
8 ft. to 12 ft. tall, 4 I 5 yrs old . . . all grafted. Choose from best vorieities. 

WHILE THEY LAST 
‘ 7.5o each 

NBG. $3 98 
PLUM TREES 
Broad*! la I potion t on % 

SO 
UMH 5 
((hp and bung this coupon) 

Ital.**. 

BERMUDA 
GRASS SEED 
Tim yean crap 

* 1 1 ? UMH 5 lbs. 
((hp and bring Hits coupon) 
IMW tai. Sal, wa rn* Urn! 

NKG. $ 2 ,9 9 
FIG VINES 
Extra large plant*, grow­ ing rn I gai can, ding* ta olm cut fifty tm rf met 
$1 2 5 OO. UMH 4 
{(hp and htmg this coupon) 
(tewtai. Sa. Sun 
OM) 

GRAPE 
VINES 
Extra 
Large, hest 

5 8 * * o LIMITS 
(Clip and bring this coupon) tai wtaOm) 

RBG. $ 2 .9 9 
SPRENGER! FERN 
Extra targe, 

SO 

 ie I gal. 

UMH 4 
(Clip and bring Hus coupon) lh,tai,tan 

IT ta* .... 
I . 
JAPANESE YEW 
#1 
I ta lr ta* 
.... 
I. 
PYRACANTHA 
.. 
M tate WB roue c h o i c k 
*1.29 
4 ter *5.oo 

NBG. 9 $ $ 
CALIFORNIA PRIVET lr* to 2 4 ” to ll 
59‘ea IO foe *5.5o 

PREP ARI THOSE VIGE TABU 
GARDI HS PROPERLY nor limo nm 

CAMELLIA 
PLANTS 

8o * - 
((hp end bring I 
LIMIT 4 

R IG . 69 d 
ELEPHANT 
EAR BULBS 
These o n 
Mg bulb* 

3 8 * — LIMIT 4 
((hp Md bring tim co 

I 
A 
I 
A l 
W F W F 
W O LFE 
NURSERIES! 

I . I S O T R U I Z 2 . 7 o o 7 S A N P f D A O A V R . 

3. 3 7 o o B R O A D W A Y 4 . 6 7 1 4 SO . FLO R IS 

5. I 1 3 4 PAT S O O K BA AD. U M IVSASA L CITY 

6 . A 6 o 3 PRAA IN-SR I FII 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy March I 2 1977 . Page— 
Estala plans to boycott y m eeting 

A candidate for the city council from District 6 
F rid a y dec lin e d in v ita ­ tions to attend "M eet the 
C a n d id a te s " fu n c tio n s 
Saturday on grounds they are “ frivolous and social affairs.” 
Jo se E sta la said the problems of the district are too serious to take the time to attend such func­ tions. 
A fter the city begins alleviating problem s in 
D istrict 6, E stala said, 
“ th a t’s when I’ll dress up in a costum e and parade down Houston S treet.” 
The costum e m ention was an indirect barb at one of E stala’s opponents in the race, Councilman 
Al R o h d e. K o h d e h as been known to w ear an 
“ Uncle S am ” costum e on occasion, such as the 1978 
Bicentennial year. 

 i 
A D enver suburban resident starts the job of shoveling snow, and a * covering layer o f dust and w ind-blow n dirt, from the front o f his J home. The m etropolitan area w as hit by a heavy snowstorm w ith J 

5o-m ile-per-hour w inds, betw een four and eight inches o f snow and J an a cco m p a n yin g dust storm to co at the snow w ith a la ye r o f { 

 brow n. — A P W irep h o to . 

« 
Lila blasts Mon frey j on M exican fair issue; 

By JA M ES MCCRORY 
M a y o r L ila C o c k re ll doffed her gloves Friday and b la s te d Jo h n M on­ s e y for jeopardizing the good relatio n s she said she has built with Mexi­ can officials. Reacting to criticism by Monfrey on t c uuestion of the Mexican 
T ra d e F a ir, M rs. C ock­ rell s a id M o n fre y w as 
“ politically m o tiv a te d ’’ in h is c r i t i c i s m of th e f in a n c ia l a s s i s t a n c e pledged by local business organizations and the ci­ ty to keep the fair here in 
1977. 
Supported 
“ The fact is that my leadership in working to save the Mex F a ir w as joined and supported by aggressive leadership in the business com m unity through the G reater San 
A n to n io 
C h a m b e r of 
C o m m e r c e a n d th e 
E conom ic D evelopm ent 
F oundation,’’ the m ayor said. 
“ These organizations, recognizing the business potential for San Antonio, h ave p led g ed fin an cial and p ro m o tio n a l a s s i s ­ tance for Mex F a ir ’77.” 
She said such o rg a n i­ 

 zations m u st rec o g n ize the fair is good business for the city and Mexico, 

Cisneros calls for new council rules 
City Councilman Henry Cisneros said Friday night new ground rules will have to be estab­ lished with the seating of the new City Council. 
“ The old rules — top-down dictation, one-way discussions, being talked to and not with, m on­ ey-centered powder — those days are gone,” he said at a cam paign party in his honor at Sacred 
Heart Civic Center. 
“ In its place will he a balancing and co-ex­ isting of several key power centers — business’, governm ent, labor and the community groups. 
The instability, the u n c e rta in ty , the tensions m ust give way to a new o rd er.” 
Cisnero running for re-election from District 
I. 
The cam paign function was sponsored by R. 
E. “ Bob” Montalvo. 

 or they w o u ld n ’t h av e 
She c h a r g e d f u r t h e i p le d g e d fin a n c ia l su p - th at M o n fre y ’s s u g g e s j port. tion th a t th e f a ir bu o p en ed up to o th e f countries shows a lack ot understanding. 
*, 
"T h e fact is that Mex 
F a ir is s p o n s o re d by 
1MCE, th e o fficia l for* eig n tr a d e a g e n c y of 
Mexico.” the mayor sakj; i 
“ W e c a n ’t te ll th 4 
M ex ican o ffic ia ls t h a j th e y h av e to le t Otho# countries p a rtic ip a te ir$ the fair th a t they have built up and promoted af g re a t e x p e n se to th e ir government. 
« 
“ T h is c le a rly show * that Monfrey is m ore in} terested in being elected than he is in the needs of the city.” 
I 
Ex-mayor throws support to Archer 

VB« 
IC 
« 
*rn 
F o rm e r Mayor W. W. 
M c A lliste r S r. F r id a y urged resid e n ts of D is­ trict 9 to vote for Van 
Henry A rc h er for City 
Labor groups give nod to candidates 

Several can d id ates in the April 2 City Council e le c tio n r e c e iv e d e n ­ dorsem ents F riday from labor groups. 
The Am erican F ed era­ tion of State, County and 
Municipal Employes, Co­ ca Is 2399. 2H91 and 219 voted to endorse Dr. Jose 
San Martin for mayor. 

O th e r e n d o r s e m e n ts , by district, by the three locals include: I, Henry 
Cisneros; 3. Bob Billa; 4, 
F rank Wing; 5. Douglas 
Ozuna; 8. Hay Brown; 7, 
Richard Teniente and 9. 
J im Dement. 

The three locals m ade no endorsem ents in the 
District 2. 8 and IO races. 
In a n o t h e r e n d o r s e ­ m e n t, th e P u b lic E m ­ ployes Council, m ade up of eight unions, m ade no e n d o r s e m e n t in th e m ayor’s race nor in Dis­ tricts, 2, 5, 8, 7, 8 and IO. 
B ut th e P u b lic E m ­ ployes Council did en­ d o rs e C is n e ro s . B illa, 
Wing and Dement. 
The San Antonio AFL- 
CIO Central Labor Coun­ cil, how ever, voted to make no endorsem ents In this y e a r's City Council races. 

Council. 
T he fo rm e r m a y o r ’s suggestion is in the form of letters being mailed to 
39.OIH) voters in the dis­ tr ic t/ jmcAliister, who served as mayor for IO years, noted 
Archer opposed 
Councilman Glen H art­ man and certain other council m em b ers “ who lend support and leader­ ship to the ever increas­ ing dem ands of militant, special interest groupd who regularly storm the council ch a m b e rs." 
H artm an is running for re-election from District 
9. 
O pposed 
McAllister said Archer also opposed H artm an in th e e le c tio n w h ich resulted in the city being divided into IO districts. 
A rcher was ag ain st d is­ tr ic tin g . an d H a r tm a n cam paigned for it. 
T h e f o r m e r m a y o r 

 noted that in D istrict,1}! m ore than tw o-thirds ot the voters east their b a t lots ag ain st districting^, a lth o u g h it c a r r i e d cir tywide. 
J 
A rc h e r also o p p o se d 
H artm an and other count eil m e m b e rs who voted 
6-3 to prohibit the use of city b u se s by Ute Frie*- d r ic h Co. to t r a n s p o r t employes through picke} lin es, M c A lliste r said* 
F o rtu n a te ly , he added!, th e 
T r a n s i t 
B o a r$ 
“ changed this ill-advised decision.” 
Responsibility*' 
McAllister said Arche!- will add “ m uch needed financial responsibility’! to the council, will sup1- p o rt r e a s o n a b le a n s sound program s, and wit} oppose irresponsible and e x c e s s iv e s p e n d in g issues which the m ajor it J of th e p r e s e n t c o u n c il 
“ su p p o rt so consistent} 
Iv.” 
BILL MILLER BAR-B-Q UE 
Sliced B-B-Q Beef wilh Sauce 

I -lb. Sliced Bar-B-Q Beef with tasty Sauce 

 reg. $ 3 .7 9 
£ 
O 
R } 
THRU 
■ 

TO G O O N LY 
MARCH 31, 1977 I 

III 
II 

 p e r lb . 

HASH BROWNS 
6 6 6 6 6 6 6 

 pint S O * quart 

 pint 5 o * quart 

 pint 5 o * quart 

 pint 3 5 * quart 

8 9 ’ 

8 9 ’ 

8 9 ' 
SO* 

II 

\ 
Frosh Bohea, 9 
Dutch Apple Pie 
•I V 
( N I U J 
I k I T 
I 
I 
T 

I got sw eetened 
KID TU 
7 9 
T — I 
I 
~T 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday March 12 1977 

' i v S' y v 
* 
* ^ 
« 

« 4 * * / 
• 
' > 

, 

* ; y> 

OUR BIGGEST 
SPRING 
SALE! 

It's an explosion of storewide savings in every Joske's store! The quality stays up while the prices come down on the most wanted spring and summer fashions for you, your family and your home! Bring your charge card and hurry to Joske's Downtown, North Star, Windsor Park, Las Pal­ mas or Austin for our biggest spring sale ever! Save now! 
FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN . . . 
SATURDAY ALL DAY! 
(in the Jumbo Lot with validated ticket!) 

SHOP ALL JOSKE'S STORES FRIDAY 'TIL 9 P.M.! 

Poge 
6-A 
Son Antonio E X P R E SS-N E W S— 
Saturday March 12 1977 
W here is m y w ife ? 

STE. THERESE, Que. IAP) - 
The audience broke into laughter when Canadian Prime Minister 
Pierre Trudeau asked: “ Is my wife out there?” 
Trudeau was speaking at a 
French-language college where the audience of some 6o1 apparently was mindful of week-long rumors concerning his 28-year-old wife, 
M argaret, and Rolling Stones 

 leader Mick Jagger. 

Mrs. Trudeau attended a Stones recording session in Toronto last weekend and stayed in the same hotel as the group — then turned up in New York City, as did Jagger. 

Trudeau earlier announced his wife is canceling all official en­ gagements for a while in hopes of taking some of the pressure off. 

Probe sought in saccharin ban 

WASHINGTON (AP) 
— Leaders of two nation­ al diabetes groups 
Friday called for further investigation before the government bans the ar­ tificial sweetener sac­ charin. 
Dr. D. D. Etzwiler, a 
Minneapolis pediatrician 

2o% Oft 
Custom Orders 

Prices ore reduced 2o% through March 19 on custom made Parsons tables, cubes, and other custom designs. 
C overe d in your ch o ice of plastic lam inate co lors and built to your size specifications. M aster Charge, 
BankAmericard or revolving charge plan.storehouse 

6547 San Pedro at the corner of Jackson Keller (in Village Plaza) tel. 341 -2281. 

 who is president of the 
American Diabetes As­ sociation, said his group would concur with the 
Food and Drug Adminis­ tration’s ban “if evidence supports that i t s dangerous.” 
But Etzwiler and Bea­ trice Ducat of Philadel­ phia, founder of the 
Juvenile Diabetes Foun­ dation, said they are not convinced that Canadian tests that produced cancer in saccharinfed rats indicate that the sweetener is dangerous to humans in normal doses. 

The FDA announced on 
Wednesday that it will ban saccharin, the only approved sugar substi­ tute in foods and soft drinks, as soon as it can complete administrative procedures which are ex­ pected to take about four months. 
Rep. Jim M artin, R- 
N.C., a former professor of organic chem istry, announced that he will introduce legislation to amend a section of the 
Food, Drug and Cosmetic 
Act that prohibits m ar­ keting of any food addi­ tive known to cause 

 cancer in humans or an­ imals. 
The so-called Delaney 
Amendment is the provi­ sion under which the 
FDA announced its ban. 
Martin said “tests have shown that many harm­ less, everyday foodstuffs produce tumors” if fed to animals in large-enough 

Zaire claims recapture of small towns 

COMPILED FROM WIW SERVICES 
KINSHASA - Zaire claimed Friday that its forces recaptured two towns from Angola-based invaders. 
U.S. and other m is­ sionaries were reported unharmed in the invaded area although some of the Americans were said to be under house arrest. 
Eight Americans asked to be evacuated. 
No new fighting was 

SAU FII. 
AND SAT. 
WMCO 

C A R D E N CENTER OPEN 
SU N D A Y : 
IO AM 
C IU R O A D /W O N D E R LA N D A 
WA LZ EM A T A U ST IN HWY. 

D e tram ta be pa ar favorite s t o r e 

SUEDAY 
DOORBUSTIR 

3' To 4' 
CITRUS 
TREIS 

3 
96 

EACH 

REG. 5.97 

O RANGE/GRAPEFRUIT 
GOOD SUNDAY ONLY! 

SUMO AY 
DOORBUSTIR 

4" POTTED 
GERANIUMS 
I T at rn each 

REG. 1.17 

LIM IT 2 
.GOOD SUNDAY ONLY! 

SUMBAY 
DOORBUSTIR 

1o" LIVE 
HANGING 
BASKETS 

& TRIMMER 

388 

REG. 29.99 

REG. 7.88 

'GOOD SUNDAY ONLY! 

Nylon line grass trimmer with high speed rotating line 
#82o5. 

S' TO 6' 
AMOR 
KUI IRKS 
2 
RIG. 3.97 

TOMATO OR I 
2CII.FT. 
BARK 
MULCH 

ITO OR I 
PEPPER BEDDING 
PUNTS 

1oi$1 
RIG. IS* UL 

BIGA 
WHEELBARROW 

2 9 ” 

RIG. 39.97 

12"x12" 
CONCRETE 
BLOCKS 
Vt 

MG. 6o* (A. 

21*3 
MG. 1.57 
4o LB. BAG 
CATTLE 
MANURE 

 i ” 
HG. 1.57 

2 CU. FT. 
PEAT 
MOSS 
3 
RIG. 3.97 
I CU.FT. 
MARBLE 
CHIPS 

 i ” 
MG. 1.97 

HANGING 
BASKET 
PLANTS 
2=88 
RIG. *9‘ IA. 

< 

ST. AUGUSTINE 
SOD BY 
SO. YD. 

< 

 r . 

I n cut power| 
PROPELLED MOWER 
1o9 

BBG. 147.88 

22 moMW with 3 6 HP ee- 

■■ a .I a i . . . HD* ® u 'ira tin amiiig w tte a n a - -A. 
IpfTMii- l f mfTWMsm* i f A im w * * # # * chain <D iv* 

KO H S TURF 
BUILDER 
888 
4ooo IO. FT. 

RIG. 1o.95 

Spacial formula for balu* and haattby lawn* Hurry in now and buy aavaral baga 

VIGoRo 5o LB. 
TEXAS TURF 
488 

REG. 5.79 

Paneled duet free formula rn ake* tor easy use Special high quality formula for Tasaa law n s 

7 9 
AT AUSTIN HWY. 
..URS? 98LY» 

RIG. 
47' 

 quantities. 
He told a news confer­ ence that saccharin is 
“ absolutely safe in nor­ mal doses” but that the law gave FDA no option to consider the relative risks of taking small amounts of artificial sweetener in the diet. 
There are about five 

 million known diabetics being treated in the 
United States for their condition, which prevents them from eat­ ing sugar. 
For them sugar can be fatal, and the diabetes groups argue that it is unfair to ban their only source of sweetener. 

1ox7' STORAGE 
BARN 
$118 

REG. $137 

Galvanized perm* plate for strength and durability. 
Sturdy ahad with screened red barn door and decorative huntsman plaque 

 w e e c s e w w w t w e t e w to n o n w w r m w — m o i nuowtmi r o e i v m m m a m k -a i m rSSL 

 t i t I A M 
A V IM U S s j s alee tate a w 
AUH I A R T m. 
•24-1441 sate a MMM 
MST SI WAI/US e st 4441 
282-8211 
| 
A M -eta t 

IM O * W O O LCO 9 . M A M . TO t i M PM, MOSSO A 7 fHftU SA tU tO A Y 

DUY MTN CON# IM NCI1 

 m u m achor s im ia n 11 to 

■a KMM! e aw* (Met m e e t 
^ 

DIGEST 

 reported anywhere, but 
Zaire officials said their troops had retaken the small towns of Divuma and Kasaji and were moving on to the occu­ pied towns of Dilolo, Ka­ palua and Kisengi — all within 15o miles of the 
Angolan border. 

Tito considers nuclear bomb 

BELGRADE - A sen­ ior Yugoslav m ilitary com m ander says that world conditions will shape the Tito govern­ ment’s decision whether to develop nuclear wea­ pons. 
The officer, Col. Gen. 
Ivan Kukoc, said in a published interview that any armed attack against 
Yugoslavia would mark the beginning of World 
War III. He gave no indi­ cation of where he thought an attack might come from. 

Chile extends state o f siege 

SANTIAGO - Chile’s military government has extended the state of siege for six more months and said it will use its authority “ with m axim um en erg y ” to maintain order in Chile. 
The state of siege has been renewed every six months since the armed forces overthrew the late 
Marxist President Salva­ dor Allende in 1973. 
Among other things, it empowers authorities to hold prisoners without charge or court order and to apply military justice. 

Brazil cancels 
U.S. aid treaty 

BRASILIA - Brazil, traditionally the staun­ chest U.S. ally in South 
America, has canceled its 25-year-old military assistance treaty with the 
United States in a dia- pute over human rights. 
The Brazilian Foreign 
Ministry said a State De­ partment report on hu­ man rights in Brazil constituted an intolerable interference in its inter­ nal affairs. Congress re­ quires the department to prepare human rights reports on all nations scheduled for U.S. mili­ tary aid. The document 
— not yet released to the public — allegedly docu­ ments several human rights violations, includ­ ing torture of political prisoners. 

Carter nuclear plan disputed 

TOKYO - Prime Min­ ister Taken Fukuda has spoken out against Pre­ sident Carter’s intention to ban the spread of nu­ clear fuel reprocessing plants. 
He said he expects there vt ill be disagree­ ment with Carter when they meet March 21 in 
Washington Fukuda said he uants U.S. approval for Japan to go ahead with plans to test its first reprocessing plant in Ju­ ly. 

Actor buried 

BUCHAREST - Thou­ sands of m ourners jammed a cemetery for the funeral of Toma Car- agiu, one of Romania's leading entertainers and a ileu m of the quake 
Abidi killed at least 1,3oo persons 

TODAY’S 
SWEE 

WINNING 
NUMBERS 

5 
Deadline 
Mon. 
P. M. 
3 - 1 4 - 7 7 

* 5 o 4 5 8 ' 3 6 " 7 7 8 o 
IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 o 4 5 9 - 8 2 - 5 2 5 4 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 2 5 4 6 7 - o 3 - 1 3 9 2 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE: 

S J O 5 2 1 - 2 6 - 8 9 9 9 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 2 5 4 5 7 - 5 2 - 6 4 1 3 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* ] Q 4 6 o - 1 6 - 8 8 6 2 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 o 5 2 7 - 3 8 - 3 9 8 8 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

* 1 Q 4 6 1 - 8 o - 7 8 5 8 

IN GIFT CERTIFICATE 

o 3 1 - 2 2 - 1 3 2 7 
TWO ’5 SPURS TICKETS 

4 6 7 - 7 2 - 3 8 1 9 
^Wo '5 SPURS TICKETS. 

4 6 7 - 7 2 - 5 8 5 8 
TWO ‘5 SPURS TICKETS 

4 5 7 - 9 4 - 1 1 2 7 
TWO '5 SPURS TICKETS 

I 
4 5 5 - 4 2 - 1 2 o 5 
TWO ’5 SPURS TICKETS 

Claims not honored on Sat. or Sun. 

Winners must bring their Social Security card and another form of iden­ tification to the SW EEPSTAKES EDITOR at the Express-News building, 
Ave. E and Third St. by the deadline indicated above. Prizes will be forfeited otherwise. A ll PRIZES ARE IN THE FO RM O F GIFT CERTI­ 
FICATES FOR THE A M O U N T W O N REDEEMABLE AT STO RES W H ICH 
HAVE ADVERTISED IN THE SA N A N T O N IO EXPRESS, THE N EW S, 
O R W EEK END EXPRESS-NEW S THIS WEEK. Winners of Spurs tickets will receive ticket claim letters with which they may claim their two free tickets to the home game of their choice. 
A BONUS NUMBER 
WORTH •1,ooo OR MORE 
IN PRIZES 
EACH SUNDAY 

PLUS A SUBSCRIBER BONUS 
THAT CAN W IN YOU UP TO 
$5oo EXTRA IN PRIZESI lf you're the winner of our big $1,ooo Bonus Number, and you’re a present subscriber to the daily San Antonio 
Express and The News, you’ll be awarded an A D D I­ 
TIO N AL $5oo IN PRIZES! lf you win the Bonus Number, and you are a present subscriber to the daily Express or 
The News, you’ll claim an additional $ 2 5 o in prizes! 

SEND IN YOUR ENTRY TODAY 
The earlier you get it in, the more drawings you’ll be eligible for! 

N O PURCHASE NECESSARY. Entry cords also available at the Ex­ press-News upon request. Winning numbers may be viewed at the newspaper offices from 8:3o a.m. to 5:3o p.m. Monday - Friday or at public libraries during open hours. 

I. YO (NTC a 

 a t a n a b * to I W H H T A t U I X - 
MMM M B N M 
I O 
BOX 
IM *, (a* ta*—ta. Tama* M W . fta a*' i a—aaa a w l Ba i B m - 

Bm 
I a tr a il t a 

 a i» la I M p m 
.a a * 
•a Mara (a (brab Mia 
TIX" 

Bw l a p a u ta N a a i a> aa** ar a 

 aaa a I Or MI la A a "MO" baa It raa Ba aa* a a * la t a n iB a 

2. PfklZKS 
Anam arf* ba aMarta bari. Ma* t a i Mriwta ’atta*, ta Ma ta* b a ta ta l i a n a ata Iba Ma a , t a i t a t a r , ata ta i ba* la Ma l « a n i l lta a i baaab aa a bra a . 

The Rules: 

I i i— 
Itaabaa 
It a 
*«a*aa, ita ttrtbi* ta Ma bab* t a Aa- 
H b i l i a n a ata Tba H aw i, ba aa aba a ta ba aa aa bab aa t a bm awat SM B a, prtoat 
M Ma 

 a * aa ■ aa* iwbtidba , la Ma batty 
I apa* a* OB Iba N a a i. ba ar Ma aM ba a a arba* aw abbtrtaaat 
S IM bi prtaaa. 

 bATUBOAV N I U ! MHU COM***! o*> 
S M ( l l atilt 
I* tai 
J MUB* t* noun It BAM) baht MHU* IN (Oft* TMI IX. 
BSI** amb TMI Mi**St bm in as tai 
IB (SI 
> w w t a i ncKiT* is bami 
A TOTA* CM SM B IN BBIXt* 
BAHT Btu* • aa WUU TICK IT*) 
3. HOW YOU CAN 
WIN: 
• taaabap t a t ba t a b bab* ta batom toa Ma taUaatMp bay > 

 aa** t p-a* Ma lataw top ba* ta 
(M a P U M M rn * b a M | awmbar 
1o pMiRSigFiGftS att SeHSciy %a Tut * Oa y a* Aw.ba, 
Ma prtaai a w l ba 
•M anta b* I p.(a Ma tatar,top 
Waubay a* May * ta ba Mabattab 
W toaan aw * tata* ta Ma Cb- 
(Wtotaa Bap* af Ma lapraM - 
Maati blab btu p. Ava. I a ta Vblrb a*, aa (M a Maw p rtta, 
TKay 
(aaa* baya pta a l a l Mal* ta*tot 

S. W HO M A Y ENTKR 

Tba SIO OBA t a r apa tab a* VT ta 

 a bara Ma baa Amawli Irpraat 
MMC! Uft45 RRRIMD a&a 4Nk5fVHDv9C9Ci 

Carp, ata W adi Aria blip Ca.. ta tapMto NO BoaCMAtt ll 
MIC IH A * V TO INTIS OB CIA IM 
A A tli! Aa aa ary t a ata ba 

.. 1 a. i,w a ! -------------- ------- ----- batta a b a i,a .a b to Mw t a Aa. 
P*'»bw 
•abib lapran. Tba Naan, ar t « . 
A O f AOL INC T O CL A IM arba* ar tutaa* l.p r .M Man. 
J*tJZ IS 

MMBAX t a l l I i m u COMMIT 
O# aOMWt 
MOMMA* a, OSTK a I.BOB OB MOBI IACM aaua 
BUM IO tBUBI aa NCMI* IACM 

 ban 
An taal* 
I apr aaa ata 
Tba 
Ma ar. IraM I M a.M. to SSO 

M Ma 

Wtaatop aw a*a., ta t ba | ab aba* ba* ta Mw t a ---------- t.praaa Iba N a ., ata batata* ata baba* l apra. . Hawi 
I*, pean adman ata bara WMB 
•waa Ma lata a bp ba* la atom prtaaa Mam .. await t a bara 

 b a n ma* ba arnatta a* Bw lr* pra aa-Manta bwbbtop braw I M 
• to ta MSO p.ta 
Maabay-*ri- ba*. ar ta rabbi MbrarWt bwrtop 
•pan bawn 
TOW 
MIM 
MOT bUBACAMM 
OB 
MAKI 
AMT 
BURCHAM Aw* *aw (aw** a (.tat ta ba Mtptoto rn aba TM** CXH* it 
TOO 
V M M l l ITB IC TIO 
BT 
LAW 

HHH M H M ADHERE TO POSTCARD, PL KAS 11 omamammm 

Sa n A nton io Express 
The New *5o,ooo SWEEPSTAKES I 

• •BMI atta Nbati SWEEPSTAKES 
9 o to. 2 S 8 3 
Sox A nton*) I p lo t 7 1 2 9 7 

 a t t i n c ir c u l a t io n o f t i 

MY to o Aft — CUTTY NMA— 
(Si 
□□□-□□-□□□a 

□ 
TIS 

SWEEPSTAKES Bul I B*pip* 
* _ 
‘ 
"Bl IB OtBo* B bu4M*t|>l*B" IO 
NO 
NO M B B l Bl B bl t a b 

SWEEPSTAKES a n d I .OUM 

 ie # lo OnMt* rn I t A u 'i p l w n P i 
•"Bk a t t a bbloat to* dtp t a i l 
•o Bon 

N A M I 
TELEPHONE. 

— 
ACI 

SI ATI 

□ 
H o w * HPT* o rb >*t * p l Mb N p at* 4 S w taa* Q 

□ 
Mb« * # UBM BbA*p ** p l BpM (•*>*#»» pnB N p w * 

o t BIM BB BOB* 9 two** ••Bpt *9 N o I *o *B»t p lo p ta pp 

□ 
1 OM BOPP#* p *w*to"BP* Ip Bi* b*p rn I p lp p i* PAB 

 im 

T W M UBT! t a " . b t , B l Bw lip * # * * 4 S u tta s* 

B **«€ N I . , «Ap*taB* I ta p , I# My IwB**-, 
’*'• I •BIM ta*B», I'abo, Ip My lubiopt.*. 

Scouts honor 
First Lady 

Sir*. Itosaiiyim Curler accopls a n o ^ a y from 
S teele 
T yler, 
H, of 
P lains. 
Iva.. during rerem onies Friday at the W hite 
House in which Sirs. Tarter was made honorary p resi­ dent of the Ivirl Scouts of America, looking on 
Is Hr. fvloria Scott of 
Houston, national pre­ sident. — AP Wirephoto 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday M arch I 2 I 9 7 7 
H 
Page . 7-A 
W elfare chief says budget looks brighter 

By DAVID HENDRICKS 

The next yearly budget for the State 
Department of Public Welfare may not be cut as much as it first looked. State 
Welfare Board Chairm an Jam ie Cle­ ments said Friday. 
Clements was in San Antonio to visit this region's welfare office and to hear rep o rts on p e rfo rm a n c e in this 
21-county region. 
This is the fourth regional office he has visited, Clements said, and he 

 hopes to visit all 12 state regions. 
Clements said the earlier budget recommendation by the Texas Legis­ lative Budget Board in Austin had reduced the agency's budget substan­ tially. 
However, a House committee has recommended restoring some of the cuts, he said. 
The final decision will be made by the House Appropriations Committee and the Senate Finance Committee. 
He said he was generally pleased 

 with performance reports he had heard at the San Antonio office, and intends to carry one local idea to other state regions. 
A program referral service booklet prepared for all welfare offices in the region for general distribution im ­ pressed Clements, and he said he will send copies to all regions. 
Clements said he could not speculate on the recommendations now being put together by a special 47-member com­ mittee studying Medicaid problem s. 
Leader in preservation o f Longhorn dies at 9o 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N E W S 
CHRISTINE - Graves 
Peeler, 9o, the leader in the preservation of the 
Texas Longhorn breed of c a ttle in the 
U nited 
States, died Friday in a 
P le a sa n to n n u rsin g home. 
M ore than 4o y e a rs ago. Peeler started a s­ sembling a herd of Texas 
L onghorns. 
T he idea cam e from the late J. 
F ran k Robie and was boosted financially by Sid 
Richardson. 
Many of the T exas 
Longhorn cattle a ssem ­ bled came from Mexico. 
O thers were bought in lots of one or two head from ra n c h e s in the 
United States. 
Descendants of the ori­ ginal herd assembled by 
Peeler form the state- owned herd of more than 
KM) Texas Longhorns at the state park in Albany. 
Peeler was born and reared in the Campbell­ ton area. He was an in­ spector for the Texas and 
S o u thw estern 
C attle 
R a ise rs A ssn. for 17 years with a commission as a sp ecial 
T ex as 
Ranger in that work. 
Until recently Peeler had lived at the home of 
Mr. and Mrs. Alton Rugh here. M rs. Rugh is a 

Ap / 
-a 

$9QQ SAVE s5o y 
A II 7 PCS. RPG S'VI 4 

GRAVES PEELER 
. helped save Longhorns 

 niece. Some big Texas 
Longhorns were kept at the place for P e e le r’s pleasure. Peeler also had a large herd of then in 
McMullen County. 
Funeral services will be at 4 p.m. Saturday at the Hurley Funeral Cha­ pel in Pleasanton. Bur­ ial will be in Pleasanton 
Cemetery. 
He is survived by two s is te rs , 
M rs. 
M am ie 
S hannon, A ustin, and 
Mrs. Beatrice Tomson, 
N acogdoches; b ro th er, 
Travis Peeler, C hristine, and numerous nieces and nephews. 

PEOPLE HMC? 
M w rsr 
P fG H T M O W r 
LOVE/TAE. 

 share in exciting values on famous brand furniture! We've gone all out tor this gigantic event! See breathtaking 

I amil) Size 7-Pc. D ouglas D inette features a 
36"x4X" table that extends to 72". with a distinctive wood grain plank top of high pressure plastic lamin­ ate, crisp white double pedestal base, and bcontoured- fresh 

Legislators don’t show for m eeting 

By VICKIE DAVIDSON 
What would you do if you gave a party and the honored g u ests d id n ’t show — even after they said they would? 
Some .‘lh San Antonio insurance agents found out first hand F rid a y night 
They drank coffee and talked among themselves after eight Bexar County legislators failed to make the meeting. 
The session, sponsored by the Insurance Women of San Antonio, had been scheduled so insurance agente could talk with le g isla to rs about the more than I.IKM! in su r­ ance related bills c u r ­ rently before the legisla­ ture. 
State Rep. Don Cartw­ right was the only one to call and say he couldn’t make the session, which had a lre a d y been rescheduled once so the elected officials could at­ tend. 
“ I find it hard lo be­ lieve that out of seven people — no one showed u p .” said 
Rosa 
Lee 

Evans, past president of the o rg a n iz a tio n th a t represents LII) insurance agents in the city. 
“ I don’t know how you feel. . . I feel very, very let down and disappoint­ ed 
I ’m very e m b a r ­ r a s s e d ,” she told the group at almost 8 p.m. 
The session w as scheduled for 6 45 p.m. in a rented room at the San 
Antonio In te rn a tio n a l 
Airport. i think it’d be well if we d phone or w rite th e m .” she told the group of men and wo­ men 
Who were the missing guests of honor? 
State 
Sens. 
G lenn 
K othm ann and F ra n k 
Lotnbardino, along with 
State Reps. Hon Bird, 
Frank Madia, Jim Now­ lin, Abe Rtbak and Frank 
Tejeda never made it to th e ir scats at the speakers’ table. 
“ We should have held ti in an election year.’ cracked one woman in the back. “ Then they’d all have been here.” 

Add This Multi-Purpose Sectional 
With Built In Queen Size Sleeper! 

I njov over 14 It. ol seating com fort and stvlish good looks with this outstanding sectional covered in boldly patterned, long-wearing Hereulon" olefin! It includes a 
9o” two-arm sofa and a special one-arm unit with a beau­ tiful secret: luxurious, built-in sleeping lor 2! M ake this versatile contem porary beauty yours and save! 
Available as sectional without sleeper, RI Cl $599 S444 

SAVE 144 

Al I 5 PCS 

RI (I $644 
SAVE MOO 

KOI H Pit ( I S RI (. $64*1 

SAVEM6fr 

S M T ' 

 rn*. 

\ 
I f fl 
Ll.' i 

 m >«h ^ 

Im lf 

~jt v , 
V rl h 
T A? 
A 

T 

 i 
< 

I ii 
SS 

H a n d P a r q u e t e d 5 -P c . ( . a m e S e t includes a 4" octagonal all wood table with paiquct lop ol rich Pine plus 4 comfortable chairs in leather-like vins I vs it ti distinctive strap accents, thick cushioning, aud hood­ ed. cass-roll casters' 

Bullock aide is selected 

AUSTIN, Tex (AP) - 
Ralph W ayne, fo rm er state leg islato r from 
Plainview, will become deputy stale comptroller and chief clerk. Com p­ 

 tro ller Bob Bullock said 
Friday. 
Wa)ne, 44, will replace 
R andall B. Wood who plans to euler prix ate law practice. 
GOOD NEWS! 

Lolo Reyes formerly of Travis W holesale 
Florist has opened a new wholesale floral shop. O ur Special For This W eek is; Carnations $ 1 4 .o o A Hundred. 

 also have Porn Porn v, Ins, Rosts and Heather. 

M ON.-Fill. 8-5 
SAT. 8-1 
HOURS: 
REYES FLORAL 

1832 BIANCO 
PH.735-5243 

SAVE MOO s399 

 j 

9o" SOI A RLO $444 

Pace-Setting ( ontem porarv Pieces have piles of luxurious pillows, long-wearing covers of dynamic patterned Vectra> olefin, and steam beni wood arms loi an unique curved d ie d ! A must-see! 
RI (i $444-64" I o v e s ta l...........................................$ '4 9 

$ ' 

R IG . $44 

YOl R C H O K I 
• ( OCK TAU I ABI I 
• I M ) I AHI I 
• Pl A M SI A M ) 

 l ) a / / l i n g Accent P ieces have glossy chrome tone frames with sleek tubular st)ling. cleat tempered glass tops. capped corners, assemble last and cass' 
R U . $24 Hunching table SIH Rf G $o4-Sofa table $$4 
RI Cl $$4-Square Cocktail I able 
..................$4K 

Sri; 

W K 

Al I $ PC 
Si 

RI Cl $544* 

** 
% « r {J I « 
-CL ' M 
J vt 

SAVEMo2 

All W inkI ( <Hileni|>orarv Bixin*.un bv Bassett in­ cludes a 72 door dresser. 2 mirrors, night stand and tull/queen size headboard exquisitely craned in nill 
Oak veneers. Oak solids, selected h.udwoods 
RI Cl $2'4-b-Orawcr C hest .................... 
$191 

*Inttoduclorv Otter 
Reg Price After Sale I nds 
H H S I M ' M f 
§ f ? 
- 
I 
JOIN THE PEOPLE WHO REALLY KNOW. ..AND YOU'LL LOVE IT AT LEVITZ TOO! 

543o GREAT FARE RO AD 
Loop (41o1 amt I 3b at Nonman Rd la it 
San Antonio, Texas 
(bt?) MI 5331 

C R K I S I H M ) ! ) I MHO! (iii MARI H 

 sit 
•» IM *** tut p * 1 4p pi pul a * * ta is* aim 

DAILY 1oAM TO 1oPM ... 
SUNDAY 1 TO 6 PM BROWSING 

KEEP-Y O U R COOL 

It s o u have a problem your local store m anager doesn t solve, 

Cat! Miami. Ria Headquarter* 
Toil Free I MO 327 754$ 

 ie 
8-A 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday March I 2 1977 

 just 12 of many super savings for saturday shoppers 
... from Dillard’s 

 more misses7 jumpsuits 
9.99 Compare at $2o-28 
Colorful savings on our polyester knit jump­ suits with zip-fronts and full pants in prints, spring colors. In sizes 8 to 16. 

Dress Shop 

 maker coordinates 
1/2 OFF Orig. $14 to $25 

Now priced from 6.99 to 12.49, these famous label coordinates are available in spring fabrics, styles, colors. 5-13. 

Junior Sportswear 

 misses7 sportswear 
1/2 OFF 

$14-28 shirts 6.99 to 13.99; $12-18 pants, skirts, 5.99-8.99; $24 to $3o jackets, 
11.99-14.99. 1oo% polyester. 8-18. 
Sportswear 

 ladies7 slippers 
2pairior 5.99 

Now, comfortable rope wedge slippers in scuff or strap back styles, in a variety of fashion colors. S-M-L-XL. 

Hosiery 

 save 5 o % and more! girls7 coordinates 
2.99 t o 5.99 

Sizes 4-6x, tops 2.99, bottoms, 3.97. Sizes 
7-14, tops 3.99, bottoms, 5.99 Spring col­ ors in polyester/cotton. 
Girls 

 save $9 to 17.51! men7s leisure tops 
9.99 Orig. $2o to 22.5o 

Orig. $24-28, now 14.99. Orig. $34 to 
37.5o, now 19.99...famous name leisure tops in 1oo% polyester, assorted colors. 
Men's Sportswear 

 now save 5o% ! satin pillows 
3.99 Std. SHV. reg $8 

SIO queen .... 4.99 
$12 king ....... 5.99 
Corded acetate satin pillows with nonal- lee genic polyester filling. 

I in e rts 

 save $42! chairs with cane accent 
$77 Regularly $ 119 

Occasional chairs from lewises, in French or Italian provincial styling with cane back­ ing . . . comfortable price. fur fttlyre 

Al ^ / 
^ t i ti 

 save $2o-22.5o! men7s blazers 
29.99 t o 39.99 
Reg. $5o-62.5o Our famous label men7s blazers are available in a variety of colors, sizes and distinctive styles. 

Men's Sportswear 

 save 5 o % and more! men7s sport shirts 
6.99 Orig. $16 to $3o 

Long sleeves in assorted patterns, solid col­ ors, a variety of collar styles. A super shirt buy for your wardrobe. S-M-L-Xl. 

Men s Sportswear 

 r ? 7 b p p . t . gv;T jr^ 

 save 41.95! TV from Magnavox 
*138 Reg 179 95 

Energy-saving solid state circuitry, this 1977 diagonal black and white portable TV is a super buy from Magnavox) 

Televisions 

 save $3o! Hoover upright and tools 
59.95 V alue 89.9o 

Vacuum, reg. 69.95; tools 19.95 for a tc of 89.9o. Now, this quality product available at a super low price! 
Housewares 

SHOP M O N D A Y THRU SATURDAY IO ‘Til 9: CENTRAL PARK, MILITARY PLAZA, W INDSO R PARK 

- i i 

\ v 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday March I 2 I 977 
Page 
.9-A 
Refinery threatens move if tax passes 

I * ' 

 uC X. 

.WWUllllll 1111% 
%V/l 

6 'o ^ 
Z . 
« 
J 

Saturday Only 
SAVE 
1o% to 5o% 
ENTIRE STOCK 
CHINA AND 
GLASSWARE 

CO RPUS C H R IS T I 
( A P ) - 
Coastal States Petrochemical Co. of­ ficials Friday threatened to close the 
$3oo million plant and discard plans for a SKM) million expansion if the state legislature approves a proposed five per cent refinery tax. 
“ This is not blackmail.” Albin VV. 
Smith, senior vice president of re fil­ ing, said at a news conference. “ We are merely stating the facts.” 
Smith said that the refinery would be unable to absorb the tax and operate economically. 
“ If we cannot add capacity econ­ omically here, we will take our invest­ ment elsewhere,” Smith said adding that the company would prefer to ex­ pand in Corpus Christi. 
“ But we don’t have to,” he added, 
“ and we won’t if the refinery tax bill chases us out of Texas.” 
The bill calls for a five per cent tax on the gross value of crude oil and distillate feedstocks used by Texas refineries. It was proposed to replace about $85o million a year that will be 
.lost if the ad valorem taxing ability for 

 public schools is eliminated. 
The House version of the bill, spon­ sored by Rep. Jim Nugent of Kerrville, is now in the Ways and Means Com­ mittee headed by Rep. Joe Wyatt who opposes the tax. 

The Senate bill is also in a commit­ tee. 

The company is a subsidiary of 
Coastal States Gas Corp. of Houston. 

Smith said a recent study had deter­ mined that it would be economically feasible to expand the 17o,ooo-barrel capacity of the refinery, but if the bill is approved, “ we will have an entirely new set of economic facts to take into account. I can tell you right now that the refinery tax bill would so alter tty* economics of expansion here for Coas­ tal that the answer would be changed to ’no’.” 
The company, he stated, “ cannot justify spending $1oo million for refin­ ing in Texas if the advantages we have been counting on are to be eaten up by new taxes.” 
GRIMM’S your complete professional pardon center 

 lining 

... 

J 

 r 

 m . 

 r 

Mr oujmwmw.r 
V 

Pfaltzgraff 
• Lenox 
• Noritake 
• Poppytrail 
• Centura 

Vernonware 
M i kasa 
Franciscan 
Denby 
Fostoria 

A 

 k 

 and other famous names 

Every single set, every single place setting, every single piece of open stock china and glassware, reduced from 1o% to 5o% . .. Saturday only! Buy now to set a new table, fill out your own set, start or complete a set for your favorite bride! Over 
$1,ooo,ooo worth of china and glassware, on sale Saturday only! Sorry no mail or phone orders. Special orders accepted on Dillard’s current patterns: delivery based on manufacturer’s availability. 

'China and Glassware 

I 

W s 

YC: 
Dillards 

NORTHEAST 
NORTHWEST 
— 
} l 
OWN DAUT 1:3o-6:oo 
17ft. 
,___p . 
M - r s s 
6923 Son P td ro 
SUNDAY 9:oo-6:oo 
B andera Rd 

PH. 344-4576 
PH. 434-4111 
- — 
PH. 434-4111 

 p e c a n TRH “ CLEARANCE 

18” -24" Reg. $ 5 . 9 8 . . . . Now * 4 ’ * 
2 h r 
*8 °' 

7 -8' Reg. $ 1 7 .9 8 
Now 5 1 5 ” 2 tor * 3 o ' 

8’-1o'Reg. $ 2 4 .9 8 . . . . N o w ’ 1 9 ’ * 2 to r * 3 5 o( 

FLOWERING PEACH TREES 

5 G a l . 1o.wT2.9t 
Now 
* 7 « 

1 o G a l . I X 
N . . * 1 4 ” 

6 & 8 Ft. Tall 
B/R FRUIT TREES 

EXTRA HEAVY FULL TRIES 
Mix or Match ... Your Choice From 
PEACHES - PLUMS - PEARS 
APRICOTES & NECTERINES 
Regular $6.98 & $7.98 
RED BUD TREES 
Most Blooming Now l 
Beautiful Choices 

FRESH STOCK 
CALIFORNIA ROSES! 
NEW AND OLD! ALL AMERICAN ROSES 
GROW ING IN 2 GAL CANS. TAGGED 
TRUE 
TO 
NAME 
ONLY 
PROVEN 
VARIETIES 
FOR 
SAN 
ANTONIO, 
HYBRID, 
GRANDI 
FLORAS, 
FLORA 
BUNDAS & CLIMBERS. 
NOW * 2 98»p 

GALoRAMA BONANZA 

Values from *1.98 to *2.98 

 taxwood, Eleagnes, M. Youpons, 
SW. Viburnum, Rosemary, Asst. 
Junipers, Asst. Pines, Mimosa Trees, 
Gold Rain Trees. 
YOUR 
$ 1 3 9 
CHOICE 
Now 
■ ea 

VEGETABLE AND BERRY TIME! 

^ P O T A T O E S Red a W h i t . ............................................................... N ow 2 9 ' 
^ STR AW BERR IES sequoia 3 " P O H ...............................................N o w 3 9 r n I SEEDLESS T H O M P S O N G R A P E S ...............................N ow 9 8 ' k# 1 C O N C O R D G R A P E S ................................................... N ow 
1 . 1 9 • o i 
G U S aal. » lzo ...............................................................N o w 
1 .1 9 oo.1 
VDISH (3 per p k g .)-R .g . 2 . 4 9 ................................. 
N ow 2 . 1 7 J 
1 H U B A R B Crim son Rod (3 p o r pkg.)*R eg. 2 .9 8 ......................N o w 2 . V 
'A U S T I N D E W B E R R Y (p k a .)-Ro®. 3 . 4 9 ................................... N ow 2 . 4 i 
^ H O R N L E S S B O Y S E N B E R R Y (pkg.)-R eg. 3 4 9 
N o w 2 .4 1 
INCITED 
»6MAt6i4-IwTtl A H biM pKlT 

C O N T A I N I 

|Rudy Soys: low IS THE TIME 

JO FEED YOUR TREES 

 f e r t i - l o m e 

TREE AND SHRUB 

FOOD! 

MAKES TREE 

FEEDING EASY! 

NO HOLES TO DIG— 

Has Penetrating Actior 

TREE & SHRUB FOOD 
IT *4 .9 5 

(LOOMING GRT 

PRIM ROSES 

:@© 

‘ 8 .9 5 

LAW N ‘-G A R D E N 

P L A N T FOOD 

IO - IO - 5 

 fertilome 

WEED 

Weed ’em and reap! 

Give your lawn a healthy feeding and control weeds at the same time. 

APPLY NOW!!! 
You can trust yo u r lawn to ferti-lom e.../^ w o rks! 

FORTIFIED WITH 

15% 
“SULFASOIl” 

Pelleted m d Dust Free 

ORGANIC 
M S L 
(Over 
Nm minimum 
25% required). 
Contain* all Nm plant food alamonti needed in 
Nits area. 

• Nitrogen 
• Sulphur 

• Potash 
• Phosphate 

• Zinc 
• Iron 
• Manganese 

IO lh. sock covers up to 

25oo square foot law n 
$795 
ONCY 
# t a i, 

SHOP DILLARD’S MONDAY THRU SATURDAY FROM 1o A.M. 'TIL 9 P.M. 

 fcouSoSTifcoiuSsrn ^fluSfapTrcoupofSi 

' AQD PMT MOSS 
I ii e ll. Mi panting muiurt 
Im toil A loniauwi leg. SI 44 
. < 
I w / c o u e o n 
V V 

U M M 

’ l / B ARBORVITAE I 
24 to JO Extra MI bardy trargre.n lo* ocrant m tveag* pion frag 

N g sen f o o l ? 

 rn (.OUFOH 
J 

HOUY OAK 
] it got i< ewpeee 
I Shod, h o rood graoor • 
UMI SA leuuiitui tollage 
IEO SION 
% Afy 
• COUTO* 
*•' 
Bit pi* 

•OXWOOO 
|j pol. MITO hilt ptonh 
Isl bordel rn to* pion ! wTcoufon 
3 9 * 
3 /»|o° 
I 

UMI M 
| i 

March I 2 I 9 7 7 

THE SATURDAY 
EXPRESS NEWS 
EDITORIALS 

W illiam J. Reddell 

Editor of Editorial Page 

Charles O . Kilpatrick 
Editor a n d Publisher 

George Carmack 
Associate Editor 
Pane I. Burt 
M an a g in g Editor 
Debate on growth is useful for city 

City Council prudently de­ layed formal action on its plan­ ning com m ission’s first-phase projections for housing an esti­ mated 3oo,ooo new San Anton­ ians expected to live here before the year 2ooo. 
There rem ains much confusion and a considerable amount of opposition to com ­ prehensive city planning. It is a remarkable advance to see the planning commission even sur­ vive this far, let alone offer pro­ jected growth ideas. 
So, mark it down to perse- verence and hard work that a growth sketch has moved into full public debate. 
Planning decisions about to be made will involve very ex­ pensive installation of utilities 
— sewers, water, streets, drain­ age. One pending decision cuts directly athwart the public re­ ferendum decision of the Jan. 
17. 1976, vote on building on the aquifer’s recharge zone. 
That vote cannot lightly be brushed aside by council and should not be interpreted to be a com m unity stand against the free enterprise system. 
And by no m eans is the growth sketch a no-growth po­ licy. 
It is the first part of a conscious-decision approach to asking city tax-payers and rate-payers to bear the cost of often extensive installation of 

 services (water, sewers, streets and drainage). 
Water is an issue. There is no debate about the public respon­ sibility for protecting the water supply, though there is a differ­ ence of opinion about how that ought to be done. 
Clean water is a fundamental issue in the City Council elec­ tions and, to the extent that voters perceive candidates to be in favor of clean water, the aquifer referendum is a com ­ pelling bit of political history with a present application. 
Since developm ent north­ ward involves the aquifer’s re­ charge “ hot zon e’’ 
(which straddles FM 16o4, according to the U. S. Geological Survey maps), it is appropriate to in­ terpret the aquifer referendum to require best-possible advice in pursuing that development. A part of that pursuit is clearly- stated public policy about who will bear the cost of develop­ ment. 
In view of a Supreme Court decision on City Water Board policy (since changed) that held 
CWB reimbursement for certain water mains was double pay­ ment for the mains, the need for clear policy remains. There are hardships to overcome, to be sure. There is also need to overcome them with policy that can be supported over the long term. 
Cool heads in W ashington abort terrorism , save lives 

The people who handled the 
Washington terrorism crisis did a superb job. 
Considering the potential for tragedy, the incident was de­ flated with relative speed. The one fatality was an unwary radio news reporter-trainee who walked into the first dangerous minutes of the capture of the 
District (City Hall) building in the nation’s capital. 
Training of police and their special units in dealing with des­ perate persons has advanced encouragingly in recent times. 
Handling of potentially-explo- sive incidents has moved from the terrifying practice still vivid in m em ory that was used at 
Kent State, Jackson State and other places just a few short years ago. 
Stand-off was m aintained and confrontation was averted. 
Child porn can be slopped 

Two bills are moving through 
Congress that deserve careful speed and cooperative support of the members. They are aimed at the abuse of children as ac­ tors in pornographic films. 
One bill deals with the mat­ ter as child abuse legislation. 
The other w ill come under child labor laws. 
Rationale is that children ar­ en't consenting adults. They are, as the law acknowledges. 

Double standard 

While it is startling to see the leader of the assault freed on his own bond —- a name on a form — one may be assured that he is under surveillance and will ap­ pear as the court has ordered. 
And — the prime goal of the whole operation — the hostages are free without bloody violence. 
There is likely more deter­ rent effect in a dram atic a s ­ sault’s abortion than in a show­ down in which persons are killed. In the Washington inci­ dent, the assault was a failure. 
The assault leader’s forum for trying to enforce his own brand of justice was effectively taken away from him. 

Washington officials and the ambassadors of Egypt, Iran and 
Pakistan did a skillful job and probably saved a num ber of lives. 

 pawns of adults who control them. They are victims of peo­ ple who seek fortunes preying upon exploitable people. 
Fortunately, laws define children ’s rights, even to re­ m oving them from fam ilies which abuse them . There are no 
First Amendment questions in­ volved and, we assume, no lobby able to slow the legislation to stop an evil already too far spread. 

Sir. In reference in article (March 
8), “ Court decision on aquifer,” I ani going to ask a question: 

Is is not true that city, county and state condemnation procedures on properties owned by our citizens have been unjust as far as property rights are concerned?. 
How many home owners have found their homes condemned overnight “ for the sake of p r o g r e s s ” ? 
Your newspaper has carried story after story about these cases, even the peo­ ple who have been bodily removed by law officials from homes legally owned under all property rights. 

The Water Quality Board staffers' attention to property rights is one of the double standards of justice in a state over 2o(1 years behind the times 
— our time, our grandchildren’s time. 
I would like to see Texas Atty. Gen. 
John Hill initiate condemnation proce­ dures on all lands located over the 
Edwards aquifer. Not only can John 
Hill take this action, he owes this sort of responsibility to all Texas citizens. 
If not, then I want him to answer this: 
Where are the health rights of all citizens affected by polluted water? 
John Hill should tell us why builders* rights have priorities over the health rights of so many human beings. Texas does not need a court verdict to protect the health of its people. Common horse sense, or is that too simple, tells Hill to condemn all this land and let s neither hear nor read any more about the 
Edwards aquifer. 
Mrs. Gloria Alicia Kubio 

An open letter to Am erica 

Sir. This is ail open letter to Ameri­ ca: 
I have watched you suffer since 1921 
. . through the depression of the 3os, 
VVVVII, Korea, Vietnam, etc. And. yet. in spite of all your other burdens, frustrations and d ise n c h a n tm e n ts you’ve never failed to reach the out­ stretched arms of poor people in dis­ tressed and ravaged nations who cry out in want of food and freedom. You seem to Im* the only one they despera­ tely turn to for help and guidance whenever they are in the brink of starvation or everytime a hostile na­ tion holds tin* threat of military ag­ gression against their civilization. 
But how many times have you been abused by some of those same nations and others (who still deceive you and accuse you falsely) in order to defame your good faith, frie n d sh ip and good-will? 
Yes. I rem em ber once when you were the strongest and most respected nation in the world. But back then you had loyal and dedicated country men who bravely stood by you whenever a foolish nation dared to slap you or to make the mistake of inflicting a stab- wound on your back (as at Pearl 
Harbor). But how about now? God forbid a recurrence of another disas­ trous blow upon people not prepared 
(mentally). 
Wake up America! How many more heartbreaks and how much more pun­ ishment can you endure i i i the event a foreign power attacks you again? Who is going to protect and defend you? 

■ ■■■ , 
>■'» 
Letters 

U tt» r« to f b i* 
*houlH b o ab o rt cm d tb o y m oat bo tig n o d . Initials only w ill b o u s e d a t w riter'* re q u e s t. C o rrect a d d ro s s a n d to lo p b o n o n u m b e r to r id en tifica tio n o f le tte rs a r e n e e d e d , le t t e r s will b e e d ite d fo r le n g th , g o o d ta s te e n d le g a l re a s o n s . 
A ddress? l e tte r s to th e e d ito r, P.O. b o a 2 1 7 1 , S o s 
A ntonio. TX 7 8 2 9 7 . 

\nd who is going to preserve your freedoms? For what does it profit you lo have the mightiest of ships, planes, bombs, tanks, missiles and guns with­ out th** full support and leadership of faithful, loyal or courageous men to help you guide them. 

P re p a re yourself! Not only in strength consisting of implements of war but iii the spirit of loyalty, to­ getherness and willpower among your people as well. 
Robert M. Lira 
M.Sgt. (ISA ) Ret. 

 highly on adequate linguistic skills in the prevalent sta n d a rd language, nothing can he concluded from this about the relationship of ignorance and dialect. 
Certainly knowledge, the supposed, counterpart to ignorance, is gained through experiences other than com­ municating in standard English. And while the relationship between cogni- t it ion and language is a hazy one at best, those functions which presuma­ bly m ark the adequately intelligent person from the ignorant one, namely the ability to gain knowledge through abstraction and reasoning, depend on facility with a symbol system . . . not the standard English symbol system. 
I fully agree with Miss Pabst that to 
“succeed” in this society a command of standard English is necessary, and that it is the role of the public schools to teach such skills. But let this speak to academic and economic success — the opposite of which is not ignorance. 
Dialect and poverty, maybe; dialect and ignorance, no. 
Barbara T. Sykes 

About gram m ar and ignorance 

Sir: I was impressed by Miss Pabst's thoughtful article on the subtle discri­ minatory attitudes inherent in the preservation of ethnic identity as re­ lated to dialect usage (Letters, March 
5). One statement, however, belies her compassionate plea: “ For without the com m unicating skills of stand ard 
English, how can these students ever hope to break the cycle of poverty and ignorance?” 
While it is true that opportunities for advancement in educational systems and within the job market depend 

Save m oney; do work yourself’ 

Ben—’ 
WorI . 

ENTER (HQ 
THE SUN BELT 
GO BACK 
WE 
HAYE TOO MAMY 

 people a l r e a d y. 

Carter missile trade bad deal 

WASHINGTON - President 
( arter has said the United 
States would forgo develop­ ment on the MX intercontinen­ tal ballistic missile if the Rus­ sians would do the same on a new mobile missile — the SS2o. 
On its face, Carter’s proposal looks like a fair tradeoff. 
I'nder closer inspection, however, it appears to involve both complex­ ities and disadvantages from the I S. point of view. 
S u p e rific ially , the two weapons system s have much in common — both will be mobile and both will have multiple (MIRV) warheads. But here the iesemblance slops 

First for U.S. 
The U S MX is not only the first mobile land-based strategic missile system we have ever programmed, it is also the first and only ICBM of any kind we have developed since tile ob­ solescent Minutemen went into place nearly two decades ago 

MX is intended to update and re­ place M inuteman, which is totally vulnerable to a Russian first strike. 
During this sam e period, the So­ viets have built and deployed mort than half a dozen ICBM system s, each more formidable, heavier and accurate than its predecessor. 
The SS2o, a solid-fuel weapon about 
IO tim es as accurate as models it succeeds, is a tw o-stage m issile 
(which the Russians claim makes it a niedium-range weapon aud, thus, nm subject to SALT). 
Transformation 
What the Russians don t say is that the SS2o is subject to rapid transfor­ mation into a three-stage, full-range 
ICBM simply by bolting on compon­ ents of a sibling mobile weapon, the 
SSIH 
The only difference between tht 
SS2o and the SSIH - a full-fledged 
ICBM — is that the SS2o is about five feet shorter because it has only tht two-stage firing canister. 
Even without adding the SSIH third stage, intelligence analysts say, with an alternate light warhead, the SS2< 

Col. lf**IBI Robert D. 
Heinl Jr. 

 can fly 4,ooo miles and hit many tar­ gets in this country — quite a feat for a “ medium-range * missile. 
What m akes P resid en t C a rte r’s proposed tradeoff disadvantageous is that the MX is supposed to Ik* a sur- vtvable fu tu re ICBM in the U.S. stralegic-weapons “ tria d ” (ICBMs, strategic b o m b e rs and b allistic- missile submarines). 
The MX is not, like the SS2o (or even the SSIH) merely one of a huge family of ICBMs, several models ol which the Soviets could d isc a rd without crippling or unbalancing their strategic weapons array. 
The MX is specifically designed to 
Im* able to survive and hit back at a 
Russian first strike and thus neutra lize their inventory of such weapons. 

 lf the MX is to be used as a barter item in future SALT negotiations, it can only be logically equated w ith tin 
Soviet weapons that now menace our 
Minuteman — their mighty SSIH and 
5519 — not with the lighter, though highly capable, SS2o aud SSIH. 

Serious m isgivings 
In its own rights, simply as a so­ called m edium -range m issile, the 
552o has aroused serious misgivings in the U.S. intelligence community. 
Nominally, the SS2o is supposed til replace two earlier model MR BM* which, according to satellite photo­ graphs, number 54o. 
But 1,2oo SS2os are programmed. which means a more than two-for-om replacement margin 
If this mass of new mobile missiles were concentrated in southwest Rus­ sia so as to m enance NATO, SS2< could hit any target in Western Eur­ ope or Britain, thus further weaken­ ing the already enfeebled U.S. nu clear shield for NATO. 
In fact, the Russians already pus se ss. with existing inedium -rangi 

Sir Re: HAV. Ball (Letters, March 
3). I have been reading of your prob­ lems with people who want to be paid for having your yard and flower beds worked. Why should you feel so bad about it? Do like me. 

I do all this and save money. I do not do it in one day; I do a little here today; tomorrow some more trimming. 

Yes I have lost my belly weight in doing so. 

People on welfare really face a lot el investigation before getting welfare, so do your digging and cleaning. 
Rosalia N. Martinez 

 missiles and some 7(H) medium-range nuclear capable bombers, a type ot aircraft for which we have no equi­ valent, regional nuclear superiority. 

Concern voiced 
Fred C. Ikle, the able scientist who has just stepped down as head of the 
U.S. Arms Control and Disarmament 
Agency, voiced his concern over the 
MX developments before his resig­ nation earlier this year. 
“ If Soviet programs were merely a reaction to ours, their strategic-wea- pons budget would have declined over the past 15 years because that is what ours did,” lkie said. 
“ They would have stopped deploy­ ing ICBMs when they reached 1JHM); they would have stopped at 71o bal­ listic sea-launched missiles, as wt did, instead of building up to 95o 
"W hen we d ism a n tle d our in- term ediate-range ballistic missile* and bombers, the Soviets did not fol­ low suit . . . Why are they adding to this arsenal? What — we must ask with deep concern — is the political purpose?” 

Terror drowns news of 
President 

WASHINGTON - The latest outrage here demonstrates that terrorists have figured out how to use the newspapers, radio and television for their own purpose. 
It also shows that we still haven't puzzled nut how to handle them. 
It is a hard and dicey problem. 
The main objective of most terror­ ists is to get worldwide publicity from precisely the institutions they hate the most. 
They are using the free and compe­ titive instincts of democracy to destroy it, and we are cooperating by giving them even more publicity than they expect. 
Tyranny 
The Hanafi Muslim sect has demon­ strated here the tyranny of the minor­ ity. and the fragility of democracy. 
For by taking hostages at gunpoint and committing murder within sight of the White House, they have disrupted the normal life of the federal capital, and diverted the media from the larger essential news of the nation to the immediate violence in the streets. 
By any test of news, this was clearly spectacular. 
L arge a re a s arou nd the Isla m ic 
Center, near the B’nai B’rith head­ quarters and at the City Council head­ quarters were cordoned off by the po- 

The interesting thing about the violence in W ashington is that it came at almost the same time as a most remar­ kable press conference by l*resi<lent Carter. 

Hee, with h e lic o p te rs c irc lin g the center of the city and rattling every­ body’s hack teeth. 
It was almost a perfect local gee- whiz story, with dramatic pictures for the evening network news and with hour-by-hour reports on local radio and television it commanded the attention of this city. 
The interesting thing about the Han­ afi Muslim violence in Washington is that it came at almost the same time as a most remarkable press conference by F*resident Carter. 
He proposed, among other things, a 
$1.5 billion youth employment bill to deal with the fact that more than half the total unemployed are less than 24 years old, and among these, say from 
1H to 19 years old, we have over 18 per cent unemployed, and in some of the minority groups in urban areas, more than 4o per cent. 
Youth corps 
In the same press conference. Carter proposed a Youth Community Conser­ vation Corps for people on the land; a 
Youth Conservation Corps for young unemployed people in the cities; a new proposal for c o m p ro m ise betw een 
Israel and the Arab states in the Mid­ dle 
East; a phased withdrawal of 
American troops from South Korea; a series of compromises with the Soviet 
Union for a military arm s agreement, 
“ leading ultimately to the complete elimination of atomic weapons from the face of the earth.” 
It is hard to rem em ber at any time since the last W'orld W ar when any 
Am erican president m ade so much news in a press conference or an y ­ where else, proposed so m any p ro ­ gram s on the home front, suggested so many com prom ises and innovations abroad, some of them almost offhand and maybe premature or unwise, and yet still got so little attention in the newspapers or on radio or television. 

Not on Page I 

The violence in the streets by the 
Hanafi M uslim s drow ned him out. 
With all these serious presiden tial suggestions, he didn’t even get on the front page of The Washington Post, except in a footnote. 
So far as I can d isco ver a fte r a careful check, few, if any, newspapers printed the text of this rem ark able news conference except The New York 
Times. 
There were all kinds of things in this 
C a rte r p re ss co n feren ce to a rg u e alHiut. 
He was curiously and unnecessarily combative with the Senate about the confirmation of Paul Warlike as his disarmament chief 
He was alm o st casu al and even reckless in proposing a Middle East compromise between Israel and the 
Arab states — just alter seeing the head of the Israeli governm ent and before his forthcoming meeting with the Arab leaders. 
Timetable 
Ile gave a tim etable for th drawai of American troops froi 
Korea and he was combative negotiating an arm s agreeme the Soviet Union. 
Neither the President nor th has figured out this problem of news in the modern world of ter propaganda, and ambiguous |n 
The men with the guns have ated the* news here this week 
The media have followed thei principle that what is new is rn what ( arter said, right or wi clearly more imimrturit and ii during — but imbody could Iii for the noise and the hcadlint the terrorists 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Soturdoy March 12 I 977 
Page I I -A 
Wrestler wants to put his daughters in college 

THIS professional wrestler believes in himself — Leo 
Seitz — and Jesus Christ. staff photo «y pat hamilton 
S.A. nurses warned about supporting new nursing bill 

Moments after his 24o pounds of muscle and blood are flung from the wrestling ring. Leo 
Seitz is back, carrying on like 
King Kong — charging his op­ ponent, bellowing “WAANNHH, 
WAANNHH, WAANNHH.” 

It's all in vain — if, winning is his goal. 

But his goal is to put his daughters in college. 

Seitz loses the W ednesday night match in four minutes to a man who calls himself the Iron Sheik and stalks to the spotlighted ring in a robe and a burnoose. 

“ Hey, that guy got me completely by surprise. I was gonna get him by sur­ prise and he got m e," explains Seitz 15 minutes after his defeat. 

Seitz, one of the mainstays in San 
Antonio professional wrestling, is sit­ ting backstage at Municipal Auditor­ ium smoking a cigarette and discuss­ ing his life as a professional wrestler. 

His voice and manner are subdued, nothing like his ring manners. 

W hile h e ’s ta lk in g his fellow' wrestlers are 3o feet away peeking be­ hind the stage curtains at the match in motion. Sounds of jeering spectators soak through the stage curtains. 

Saturday 

WM, 
Vickie 

7 think there's probably more doctors and lawyers in prison fo r dishonesty than wrestlers' 

Is that match in the wrestling ring real? Or fixedo Some people say pro­ fessional wrestling is as phony as a $3 bill. 
For real 

“ No way,” says Seitz. 

"I think there’s probably more doc­ tors and lawyers in prison for dishon­ esty than wrestlers. 

“ Any blood I ’ve ever shed in a wrestling match has been my blood. 
“ Look at my eye," he says. 

His left eye — at first glance — looks bruised. On closer inspection, it starts looking like make-up. 
He says the bruise is real. He even moves into the bright lights of the dressing room. "Touch that — it’s not makeup — that’s meat. 

Leo Seitz, who’s a coach at Southside 
High School during the day, wrestles professionally nights weekends and summers. 

Why? 

“ For the money." 

It’s good money, he says. “ I would have gotten $2oo or $3oo more if I'd won tonight." 

The 3o-year-old Seitz says he wants the wrestling money to send his three daughters to college. 

But money isn’t the only lure holding 
Seitz to wrestling. 

Competition 

“ I enjoy competition — one to one competition. 
‘ If you do good, it’s what you have done and if you make mistakes, there’s no one to blame but yourself,” says the former professional football player. 
“ I’m only happy when I'm compet­ ing. I like to see my opponent beaten and I’m the victor." 

Are you serious? 
“ Yes.” 

Why? 
Satisfaction 
“ It’s a drive. I don’t know why I have to beat people to feel satisfaction," he says always talking softly, articulate­ ly. 

You m ight guess Seitz would get some satisfaction from the fans who recognize him on the street or the ones who call out “ Heey. Leo,” and cheer him on during a match. 
Seitz would say you guessed w rong. 
“ Makes no difference at all whether the fans are booing or cheering. 
“ Why should I care? I know- where 
I'm going and what I’m doing." 

That seems like an unusual attitude. 
“That’s the only way I’ve survived this long in athletics. I can do without peo­ ple very easily ,’’ the w restler says seriously. 

“ I’ve seen a lot of hypocrisy out of people . . . if I broke my leg tonight, my opponent wouldn’t care. My fans would say, “ that’s too bad.’ ’’ 

“ I think I really like dogs better than people," he says explaining about his pet German Shepherd. 

Then he says his students are an ex­ ception. 

"I really get off on my students. I 
'eel like I can help them ." 

But. who helps Leo Seitz, who does he believe in? 

“ I believe in Leo Seitz and .Jesus 
C hrist,’’ he says without hesitation. 
“That’s the only thing I believe in.” 

By DAVID MCLEMORE 
EXPRESS NEW S MEDICAL WRITER 
A Dallas nurse, alle­ gedly fired for her sup­ port of the proposed Tex­ as Nursing Practice Act, w arned 
San 
Antonio nurses Friday the same thing could happen here. 
Pat Driscoll, form er vice president of nursing serv ice at D a lla s ’ St. 
Paul’s Hospital, spoke at a press conference held in the local Texas Nurse 
Assn. office. 
TNA is supporting the nursing act, which will eliminate the hiring of u n licen sed n u rs e s by 
Texas hospitals. The act is currently under study by the Texas Senate. 
“ I was fired Feb. 28 over what Administrator 
Sister Louise Schesley said were differences in philosophy,’’ Mrs. D ris­ coll said. 

 her job if she becomes too vocal in support of the bill,” she said. 
“ It’s simply a m atter of con tro l. 
H ospital adm inistrators fear pas­ sage of the act because they believe it will cause th em to lose som e aspects of control over nurses." 

Mrs. Driscoll said she supports the act because it will improve the high standards of nursing care and because consum ers now are paying for a le­ vel of care they don’t re­ ceive. 

“ The patient expects and pays for professional nursing care, but doesn’t always receive it. Unli­ censed nurses should not be p assed off to the 

 c o n su m e r as a profes-, sional nurse. 
“ It should not be legal for hospitals to hire unli­ censed nurses to perform p a tie n t c a re at levels beyond their capabilities. 
That’s what the act will change, if passed," she said. 
T he use of foreign trained nurses is a large part of the problem, she said. “ T e x a s H ospital 
Assn. estimates there are 
9,ooo unlicensed foreign trained nurses in Texas. I feel that’s a conservative estimate. 
“ In 1975 alone, 1,3oo foreign educated nurses took the state exam ina­ tion for registered nurse. 
Only 4oo passed, which still leaves 9oo still c ir­ c u la tin g a ro u n d the state,” she said. 

K l 
THE SLEEP SHOP 

“ She said my vocal supp ort of the n u rsin g act w as a sy m p to m of that difference.” 
M rs. 
D riscoll said many San Antonio nurses fear the loss of their jobs if they support the bill. 
“ It would not be un likely that any nursing supervisor in San Anton­ io or elsewhere could lose 

2nd McManus juror selected 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N E W S 
HOUSTON - The se­ cond juror in the Vernon 
McManus m urder trial was empaneled following questioning Friday. 
It was the fifth day of 
The Aces 
On Bridge 
Bv IRA C. ( ORN JR. 

Husband "You only talked for 15 minutes on the phone 
What’s the matter’’’’ 
Wife: ‘‘Wrong number ’’ 
The defenders had the right number in their intricate defense of today's touch and go gam e. P layed in the 
Australian National Cham­ pionships. Australia’s George 
Havas has subm itted the hand for the Charles Solomon 
"hand of the year" award At the defensive controls were 
J eff Lathbury and John 
Lester of Australia. 
Declarer won his diamond queen, cashed two high trumps and then played the remaining top diamonds to throw away one of his losing spades Next a low club from dummy produced East's king w hich d ecla rer captured with the ace A low club was led to dummy and West play­ ed the seven, dummy the ten and East discarded 
On this trick had West either taken his queen or had 
East ruffed, the d efen se w ould be over 
D eclarer would lose only a trump, a club and a spade and the game would succeed 
After winning the club IO in dummy another club was led from dummy. East discarded again and declarer's eight went to West’s nine Now the defenders had to cross the major hurdle and there was no problem West led a low spade, dummy's king was played and East won the ace 
The high trump was cashed and East exited with a dia­ mond This gave declarer a ruff and discard but it did him no good One more trick had to be lost for down one 
After winning the third round of clubs had West sw itched to the “ob v io u s’ spade queen, declarer would have made the hand Dummy would have played low and now the defenders could not prevent declarer from using all his trumps for a successful crossruff 
Hut what if dummy had played Iovi on West s low 

NORTH 
J IS A 
4 K O 
? A IO 7 4 
♦ A K J 
+ 1o« 3 
WEST 
EAST 
4 WI 3 2 
AA IO SS 
? 52 f 
4 I o»S 
4 7 6 5 3 2 
A w# 7 4 
A K 
SOI TH 
♦ 97 f K J 9 I 
4 w * 
A A J 6 5 2 

Vulnerable 
Both. Dealer 
North, The bidding 

N orih 
Ess! South 
W en 
14> 
Pass IV 
Pie** 
2 a 
Pans 16 
Pass 
4 V 
Pass Pa»s 
Pass 

Opening lead 
IO of dia­ monds 

 spade lead’ Then East could win with the ten, cash the trump queen and exit with a diamond to achieve the same result - down one 
An excellent hand and an excellent defensive result 
With an original s p d e lead declarer was the favorite to 
K o down, but then we would ave been denied the beauty of this fine defensive effort 

Bid W it h Corn 
South holds 

I u H 
4 A to a s f a n 
476532 
A k 

North 
Mouth t NT 
24 l f 
Answer: Three no trump 
There are only two things that can happen the game will make or it won t 
I'm with those who are willing to gamble on success 

Sand b n d g * quf*n«<M lo T h * A c ** 
PO got USS) r>*IU» 
T n t* 
T i l t s w i t h * * l f a d d r o k t t d ilim p td envelop* lur reply 
(o p tright u n 
Cml** fM W ir Stnd>r«ir Im 

 jury selection in the trial. 
Ju ry selection will r e ­ sume Monday. 
M cM anus, 33, and a fo rm e r head football coach at MacArthur High 
School, is a ccu sed of killing Paul Harvey Can­ trell and his wife, Mary’ 
Bright Cantrell, last July 
24 at their home in Bay- town. 
The couple’s daughter, 
Paula Cantrell Derese, 
28, pleaded guilty to two m urder charges in the case. 
Prosecutors say she has agreed to testify that 
McManus offered to have her parents slain in re­ tu rn for a portion of e s ta te and in su ra n c e money she would receive after the deaths. 

Paper bags keep G ood 
T u rn s go in g 

Goodwill has run out of 
Good Turn 
Day bags, but don’t let that stop you from filling o rd in a ry g ro c e ry hags with r e ­ pairable items for Good­ will. 
Good Turn Day Chair­ man Albert Bustamante said participation by Boy 
Scouts this year has in­ creased with more scout units and cub packs tak­ ing part. 
The scouts will deliver grocery Irngs donated by 
Handy Andy, H E B 
M agnam art, Skaggs Al­ b ertso n and 
Century 
Paper Company all day 
Saturday. 
The scouts will return to pick up the filled bags 
March 19. 
County Commissioner 
B u s t a m a n t e had high praise for the extra effort put forth by the scouts this year and says with the use of the additional grocery hags and coo­ peration of the com m un­ ity, Ibis may be the best 
Good Turn Day ever. 

IS N O W 
SOUTHSIDE AT 1724 S.W. MILITARY 

QUEEN 
SIZE 
UST PRICE $339.95 
FOR 
7$ 
95 
ON EVERY PERFECT SLEEPER 
MATTRESS SET IN STOCK 
SOLD IN SETS ONLY. 
TWIN-FULL-QUEEN 
OR KING SIZE 

UST PRICE $239.oo 
FOR 

FULL 
-x SIZE 
HIST PRICE $279.oo 
' ' W 
FOR 
5 *139’5 

COMPARE OUR PRICES 
ON BEDSPREADS, 
HEADBOARDS, AND 
OTHER SLEEP 
ACCESSORIES. 
(Seite/ 

PRICES G O O D AT A U 
3 STORES 
SLEEP SHOP 

6646 SAN PEDRO 
828-5444 
3951 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
736-5878 

54' KING 
SIZE 
\ 
'UST PRICE $479.95 
FOR 

1724 S.W. MILITARY 
922-1691 

San Antonio EX PR ESS-N EW S— 
Saturday March 12 1977 
Murder indictm ents son 

 slaying of his children four years ago. 

Muhammad has denied responsibili­ ty for the slayings but said Friday he would not have stopped them if he had been given the chance, because Abdul 
Khaalis had threatened the late Mus­ lim leader Elijah Muhammad. W al­ lace’s father. 

 fund at Howard U niversity in his memory. 
Barry, recovering from a chest wound inflicted in the takeover of city hall, was released. 

Atty. Gen. Griffin Bell also has said he believes authorities should honor promises made to terrorists to gain release of hostages. 
In other developments: 
• Six of the gunmen’s victim s remained hospitalized, two in serious condition. City Councilman Marion 

Continued from Page JA granted pretrial freedom to Abdul 
Khaalis only as part of the bargain “ to save a human life.” 
He asked that the others be jailed with high bail set because they “ in­ flicted a reign of terror not only on these people (the hostages) but on this city, the nation’s capital.” 
The freeing of Abdul Khaalis drew expressions of outrage Friday. Sen. 
Lloyd Bentsen, D-Tex., said on the 
Senate floor that prosecutors should not have honored their promise to free him. 
“ A promise made at the point of a gun has no moral force whatsoever,” he said. “ Khaalis was free, ... at liberty with family and friends, even before his hostages were home, even before the funeral of the assassinated reporter.” 
Disagreement 

But there was disagreement from 
Police Chief Craig Merchant of W ar­ rensville, Ohio, who negotiated release of two hostages from a gunman in a 
45-hour siege earlier this week. 
“ If hostage-takers get the idea that they can’t trust you to do what you say you'll do, then you’re in trouble and that puts hostages’ lives more in danger,” he said. 

• Black Muslim leader Wallace I). 
Muhammad said in Chicago he feared for his life because Abdul Khaalis is free. Muhammad is among those Ab­ dul Khaalis blames for the brutal 

• Funeral arrangements were set for ll a.m. Monday for Williams. His em­ ployer, radio station WHUR-FM , an­ nounced it would set up a scholarship 
Mohammad film to start 
1218 S.W . M ilitary 
25oo Broadw ay 
134 hostages early Friday in Washington and sur­ rendered. When they took over three buildings in the nation’s capital Wed­ nesday, they demanded that the film , which opened in New York the same day, be halted and 
“ removed from this county” on the ground that it was offensive to 
Moslems. 
Akkad, a naturalized 
American who came here 
25 years ago, said the, film took five years to make and cost $17 m il­ lion. A native of Syria and himself a Moslem, he said the main purpose of the film was to educate. 
On Thursday, while the hostages were still being held, Akkad offered to show the film to the 
Hanafis, promising, “ I will destroy the film if it is (ffensive to them.” 
Asked the status of his offer on Friday, he said: 
“ The offer still stands, not only to the Hanafis but to any legitim ate 
Moslem organization. 
They can come forward and (if they) show me any inaccuracy, historic or religious, I will des­ troy the film.”___________ 

N EW YO R K ( A P ) - 
The producer and direc­ tor of the movie 
“ Mohammad, 
M es­ senger of God” said 
Friday he would resume showing the film on Sa­ turday because the Han- afi Moslems’ hostage seizure had ended. 
“ When lives were in­ volved we stopped, and now we w ill resume again.” Moustapha Ak­ kad said. 
Members of the Hanafi sect released thei r last 

M oslem leader Khalifa H am aas A b ­ dul K haalis, released without bail 
F riday, peeks w arily th ro u gh his window after receiving bomb threats by telephone — AP W irephoto 

DON’T PAY $8o.oo 
TRY THE 
COMPETITOR 
FOR 
A 

„> 
Add-ins Competition 
Steel Tennis Racquet, 

Add-In's Competitor... the newest in oversized rockets at an 

 unbelievable low price. Constructed of gleaming steel for the 

D strength and feel a power hitter needs. The Competitor s 

 oversized head has 5o% more hitting area, three times larger 

 sweet spot and is perfectly legal too. It will help you make - 

 shots you’ve never made before. Strung with hy-sheep nylon 

* at a slightly higher tension, the Competitor responds to the 

 r ball for more controlled shots. Genuine leather grip. It's a lot 

 of racket at a little price. 

V 
TENNIS 
BALLS 

Free-spirited, sure-fire style... the 
Jack Nicklaus blazer 

See what a great mixer it i s. . . how well it blends with your wardrobe in city or country, at business or leisure. This Jack Nicklaus® hopsack blazer by Hart Schaffner 
& M arx" is super-fashion. A comfortable, wrinkle-shedding blend of polyester and wool with handsome patch pockets, distinctive metal buttons. 
I 5o.oo 

P e r C a n 
W ith Each 
R a c q u e t P u rch a se 

Save ‘2o.o7 to ‘7o.o7! 
®IN(j§l# Stratolounger 
XP® 
MULTI-POSITION RECLINERS and 
E L k A 
ROCKER-RECLINERS 

These multi-pqsition recliners and rocker recliners don t tell you where to stop — 

 they stop at any point you desire, from com fortable TV position to full recline. 

Stratolounger " rocker-recliner 

Save $2o.o7! Stratolounger" XP rocker recliner in 

Transitional style features a deep diamond tuf­ 

 ted back, handle arm design, and covered in prac­ 

 tical wipe clean, child proof orange Herculon . . . 

 blends with today’s decor! 3 3 x3 5 x3 8 ”. 

Stratolounger " rocker-recliner covered in luxurious velvet 

Save $2o.o7 on this elegant Traditional recliner, 

 which features a deep biscuit-tufted back and roll 

 envelope arms in a handle design, full-skirted. 

Covered in bronze velvet, it measures 
33x- 

3 6 x 3 8 ”. 

TV Recliner 
Position 
WK r i w r , w * 

 lounge I N ik 
J" from will full Stretch-out 
Re* (mer 

Frank Bros 

Featuring Hart Schaffner A Marx C lathes 
B i* M C ity 
S. N o w B ra u n fe ls A 
I. tother*** 5 3 4 -6 1 SI # 
Open IO 9 Mon. Miurt fit 

Op«n 1o 6 Nev, Wed. Sot. 

D o w n to w n 
231 E. C o m m e rce 
2 2 7 -6 3 6 1 
1 
Open IO 6 Men thru Sot 
•copt Thun NU* tilt 9 oo 
On Alam o Plaza— Central Park M all— W indsor Park M all 

So n Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— 
Saturdoy March I 2 1977 
Page 
I -B 

M O N K C #()/V \E K Y 
I UVA’ N i i 

Special 
OUR “CLICK-ON” 
GARDEN HOSE 

Turn water of­ f/on. Reinforced vinyl. 
V'»75* . .. 7. 44 

5 
« 

H”x5o’ 

PEAT MOSS Save 46% 

Canadian sphagnum peat m oss soil conditioner. 

Rich98'?organ* * gg ic blend holds J[ 7/lOcu. ft. moisture to stim­ ulate growth. 
Reg. 3.49 

Value. 

ALL-PURPOSE 
FERTILIZER 

88 

REG. LO W PR. 

Save $2o 

Rugged 3V2-HP rear discharge mower. 
14Q88 

Wards 12-6-6 formula fertilizer helps bring o u t the full color in lawn, garden and trees. 
Easy to use 4o-lb. bag. 

12-6-6 fertilizer with iron, sulfur, 4.88 

REGULARLY 169.99 

2o” vacuum-action deck sucks up grass for clean cutting, bagging. Easy to manuver to trim on either side because grass catcher is in the rear. 

 partially assembled. 

SAVE *5 
STURDY ORTHO 
DROP SPREADER 

Lightweight dur- 
o ^ 4 && a I,l»*. 
Will not n u t. 
REG. 29.95 

SAVE 22% 

DECORATIVE 
BAR K -TR Y IT 

U se for park- w a y s , p la y ^ area., cardon. 
J cubic feet. 

Ghost town died in fear 

This is the story of a Texas ghost town that lived and died in fear. 
It lived a short time — 16 years at the most. 
And maybe it never had a chance to live. 
Its leading historian, for the subtitle to her book about it. described it as: 
'‘The Impossible Dream by the Rio 
Grande.” 
There is no more romantic spot in 

Texas. For the ruins of a dozen or more, of the stone buildings these brave 
Spanish pioneers were forced to aban­ don 15o years ago are in existence to­ day. 
Ruins 
Most of the ruins are simply piles oi stone and rubble. But at some a sub­ stantial part of one or two w alls is standing. And occasionally a jagged section of a wall will rise like a great snaggled tooth along a ridge line. 

O n the La M esa Ranch — 25 miles up the Rio Grande from Laredo 
— is one of the most appealing ghost towns in Texaa. It is the old 
Spanish frontier town of San Jose de Palafox that died a violent death from Indian raids more than I 5o years ago. Rancher Guy H. 
Smith has a lease on I 3,ooo acres of the la M esa Ranch con­ taining the ruins. 

And who could look down into that great cistern beside the largest of the ruins and not dream of the people who once drew water from it. 
Adding to the romance of this town is that little was known of its history until a dram atic discovery of docum ents about it was made in 1969 — in San 
Antonio. 
Even as recently as 1968. another leading Texas historian had written: 
“ Details of its tragic story, appar­ ently, have been lost to posterity.” 
But found they were! 
The town is San Jose de Palafox. 
Its story lies at two places. 
Ranch 
One is the lonesom e — yet haunt­ ingly beautiful — site of the Villa de 
San Jose de Palafox on a ranch about 
25 m iles up the Rio G rande from 
Laredo. 
The other lies in a dozen pure white folders in the imposing library of St. 
Mary’s University. 
In these big folders — divided by years between 181o and 1827 — are about 4o handwritten docum ents in 
Spanish. Most are faded, some water- stained to a deep brown and others jaggedly torn by the wear of the years. 
Bonnie and I have visited both places that tell the story of San Jose dc Pala­ fox. 
Guy H. Smith — who has the ranch leased where stood San Jose de Palafox 
—graciou sly spent last Saturday showing us all the ruins. 
Then last Tuesday we met with Car­ men Perry, who translated the docu­ ments found at St. Mary’s University for her remarkable book, “San Jose de 
Palafox.” Carmen was archivist at the 
St. Mary’s library and present when the first document was found. 
She went through more than 13.ooo pages of other old Spanish documents to find the relatively few dealing with 
San Jose de Palafox. 
Letters 
We met at the St. Mary’s library. 
There Carmen carefully opened those big w hite folders and one by one showed us the time-browned letters and documents written to and by Pa­ lafox officials. 
' 
Carmen gave us a general explana­ tion of the contents of each document. 
We were moved that so many of them closed with the traditional ending that translates as: 
“ May God keep you many years.” 
Then we have Carmen’s book which translates all that can be deciphered of every document. 
With us at the library meeting — and showing us secondary reports with bearing on this historic town — was 
Anita C. Saxine, St. Mary’s director of libraries. 
On our trip to the site , we met 

There was Indian trouble from the start. M any o f the documents discovered deal with Indian raids and a t - tempts at defense 

 rancher Smith at the little camp that is ranch headquarters. No one loves and wants to shield the San Jose de Palafox ruins more than he. 
We got into his pickup and headed for the Rio Grande. 
Though the day was gray — and the wind out of the north — spring was coming to this wonderful land beside the river. Later in the story I want to tell you of its beauty — and of a few things we saw en route to the ruins. 
Across country 
After a few miles across country, we w'ent down a draw cutting through a high, stone bluff that back in geologic time must have been one bank of the 
Rio Grande. It is believed we were traveling the same trace used by the 
Spanish pioneers of Palafox. Once we crossed an old, old culvert made of stones. 
In front and below us was a broad, flat plain — a great pasture 
“ I’ve seen the grass here in wet 

 years coverin g every inch of the ground and as high as the hood of a truck,” Smith said. 
That sam e lush grass m ust have grown back in the days of San Jose de 
Palafox. The grass must have been one reason for the settlers coming here back in 181o. 
What high hopes they m ust have 
’had! 
As we drove across the plain, we started spotting a ruin here — another there. We stopped twice beside some stone work once part of an old irriga­ tion system — that could have gone back to the old Spanish town. 
Indian trouble 
San Jose de Palafox was founded in 
18to. There was Indian trouble from the start. Many of the documents Car­ m en'has translated deal with Indian raids and attempts to defend against them. 
There seemed to be a major raid by the Comanches in 1818 and fam ilies started abandoning the town. There was talk of stronger defenses and even of moving new families in. But ap­ parently the town was abandoned per­ manently in 1826. 
Reports are the Comanches burned the deserted town in 1829. 
Smith, Bonnie and I drove across the 

< *4** 
A: 
#?/* H, i ' 
/ 
'/ wit t-tu 

 a; 
** 

Jt ft i 
S 

 im* 
•• 'j& f y H - 

A i:4 

 if 
/* y 

Y ' 
/* * * em - rf* * 

/"jf' 
*4MSiiX 

E a r lie st p a p er 

This is part of the earliest document known ta exist de alin g with the now ghost town of 
San Jose de Pala­ fox. Archivist C ar­ men Perry gives its date as April 
1o, 
181o. It is signed by an official lo­ cated in the Presi­ dio of the 
Rio 
Grande — now the town of Guerrero, dow n the 
Rio 
G rande from Pie­ dras 
Negras. 
The official, Jose de Je­ sus 
Rodriguez passes on instruc­ tions concerning the town’s founding. 
■ 
/ 

 big pasture and soon were walking about the largest of the ruins. The big stone house stood facin g the Rio 
Grande. Plainly it had been the resi­ dence of one of the town’s important men. 
Only parts of the thick stone walls were standing and these had great jagged gaps. Grass was growing inside the house and grass and thorny brush almost covered the piles of tumbled nicks outside tke walls. 
“ There is one m ystery about all these houses,” Smith said. “There is no trace of a fireplace or a chimney. 
Where did they cook? How did they keep warm in the winter?’’ 
Stone for the houses came from the high bluff back from the river. As with the bluff itself, stones in the ruins were of many colors —several shades of red, others so dark they were almost pur­ ple, shades of yellow and gray and even a few dark green rocks. 
The thick walls were made of big stones — many too large for one man to lift — and stone slabs. Laboriously chinked between the large stones were hundreds of smaller ones. 
.Some of the inside w alls were co­ vered with plaster. 
The first room was L-shaped and had six rooms. Two were large. There was a seventh room at the end of the base of the “ L” that could be entered only from the outside. 
But the most remarkable thing was the big, stone-line cistern. It was se­ veral times deeper and larger in cir­ cum ference at the bottom than any cistern I ever saw. 
Looking down into it, who could help but wonder about the fate of the people who once drew water from it? 
Most of San Jose de Palafox had been down here on the river. From this first ruin, we drove up what plainly had been a dirt street between two rows of houses facing it. 
First there was another ruin back of the big house. Smith thought it may have been a barn or something simi- 

Our best selling 1976 rotary mowers now at sam e low 1976 prices! 

SAVE *2o 

WEED EATER* 
EDGER/TRIMMER 

Partially assembled 
6988 
REG. 89.95 

You can trim , edge or m ow w ith o u t u s i n g blades. 4-amp perma­ nent m agnet electric motor. H eavy-duty. 

Model 37178 

Model 37128 

$ 2o off 354 -HP rotary. 

2o" steel-deck is twin-bafTled for cleaner cutting, neater bagging. Automatic choke powers through thickest grass. 
Briggs & Stratton engine. 5-way height adjustment. 
Gras* catcher at everyday low price of only 
..................... 19.99 
REG. 
119.99 

TO ENJOY W HAT YOU NEED NOW — FOR YOURSELF. YOUR HOME, YOUR CAR, COME APPLY FOR A W ARDS CHARG-ALL ACCOUNT. 
I 
Value. It’s what we’re all about, mmn 

WONDERLAND MALL 
Fredericksburg Road at Loop 41o 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 
WINDSOR PARK MALL 
IH 35 North at W alzem Road 
Open IO a.m . until 9 p.m. daily 
MCCRELESS MALL 
South New Braunfels at Southcross 
Open IO a.m. until 9 p.m. daily 

The POWER of FAITH 

By WOOD I ISHMAEL 

UNIVERSITY 
PARK BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

23o8 C in cin n a ti at B a n d e ra R o ad 
(I M ock east of 
C o n . M c M u lle n D riv e ) 
Ja m e s M c K e e . B a ilo r 
T e rry W. W ilk in s 
M in is te r ol M u sic & Y o u th 
S U N D A Y 
8:3o A M. W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
9:45 A .M . Su nday School 
11:oo A .M . W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
5:3o P .M . C h u rc h T ra in in o 
6 4o P M. W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
W E D N E S D A Y 
7.3o P .M . P ro v e r S e rv ic e 
K in d e rg a rte n for 4 & 5 y r. olds. 
S u p e rv ise d n u rse ry open for a ll se rvice s. 

T H I SATURDAY 
E X P R E S S I O N S 
RELIGION 

C h u r c h e s 

 of Christ 

T H E B I B L E 

No. 282. The Storm at Sea 

The Lord commanded Jonah to go to Nineveh and cry against the wickedness of that city, but Jonah attempted to flee God by booking passage on a ship bound from Joppa to Tarshish. The Lord sent a great storm Into the sea, and eventually the sailors discovered that the storm had been sent to punish Jonah. 
"Then said they unto him. What shall we do unto thee, that the sea may be calm unto us? for the sea wrought and was tem­ pestuous. And he said unto them. Take me up, and cast me forth in­ to the sea: so shall the sea be calm unto you; for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you.” (Jonah 1:11-12) 
Nevertheless, the men tried with all their might to steer the ship to land, but their efforts proved futile. "So they took up Jonah, and cast him forth into the sea; and the sea ceased from her raging. 
Then the men feared the Lord exceedingly, and offered a sacrifice unto the Lord, and made vows." (Jonah 1:15-16) 

GRAC E BAPTIST 
T E M P L E 

1921 B a ss* R d . (N o rth sid e ) 
P h o n a l 732-6323— 655-6533 
W m . E . P o rtio n , P a ito r 
Su n d ov School — 9:45 a.m . M o rn ing 
W o rsh ip 
1o:45; 
T ra in in g 
U nion 6 OO p m . E v e n in g E v a n g e llsfic S e rv ic e 6:3o p.m. 
C h u rc h 
N u rs e ry open e v e ry 
S e rv ic e S p e cia l w e lco m e extend ed to w eekend v is ito rs and new ­ co m e rs to the city. 

World Baptist fellowship 

HUISACHE 
A V E N U E b a p t i s t 
CHURCH 

1339 W. M u lsa ch e A ve. 
O r C la u d J. Bottom , P a s to r 
R e v. C la u d J. B o n a ire J r. 
A sso c ia te P a s to r 
Y o u n g P e o p le 's L e a d e r 
C h o ir D ire c to r 
R ev. P re d B o n a m . 
A sso cia te P a sto r, 
Y o u n g A d u lt T e a c h e r 
Sundav S e rv ic e s — A ll B ib le Sun day School IO OO a rn. 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e l l OO a m 
A d u lt's 
Y o u n g 
P e o p le s 
C h ild re n 's M e e tin g 6 3o p m 
E v e n in g S e rv ic e 7.3o p m 
W ednesday 
— 
P ro v e r 
7 .3o p m 
SS Years In Son Antonie 
Tune In D r. C lo u d J. B o n a m on 
K D R Y rad io , H IO on yo u r 
M on d ay th ru S a tu rd ay a m . 

 and 

S e rv tr v 

 d ia l 
7. 3o 7 45 

Charismatic 

BEACON HILL 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
937 W. M a g n o lia 
Betw een IH IO an d U S 2(1 
B ill W ilson . M in is te r 
B ib le C a ll L ib r a r y 
733-S9o4 
Su ndav S e rv ic e s: W o rsh ip IO 3o a rn. and 6 a rn. B ib le C lasses. 
9:3o o.m . M id w e e k B ib le Study. 
W ednesday, 7.3o p.m . " A c h u rch near to the h e a rt of San An tonio." 
J E F F E R S O N 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

7o2 D on aldso n A v e n u e 
732-61o5 
J.O . C ash . M in is te r 
8 ib ie C la sse s 
9.3o a m. 
W o rsh ip 1o:3o A M . & 6 oo P .M . 
Youth 
5 oo p m 
W ednesday S e rv ic e s 
7 3o p m 
A tten ded n u rs e ry for alt m eet mgs. 
MacARTHUR 
PARK 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

••The E n d O f Y o u r S e a rch 
P e r A P rle n d lv C h u rc h " 
19o7 N E Loop 41o 
Phone: (24-73o1 
D oyle M a y n a rd , M in is te r 
B ib le C la s s & C h ild r e n s B ib le 
H our 9: 3o A M. 
W o rsh ip IO 3o A M . & 6 P .M . 
L a d le s B ib le C la s s T u esd a y IO 
A M . 
W ednesday S e rv ic e s 7:3o P M 

SAN PEDRO 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 

(22-33o5— Tot. (26-2o(9 
SII J a c k san-K e lle r at San P a d re 
O B. Stan ley, M in is te r 
Sundav S e rv ic e s 
B ib le C la sse s 9:3o o.m . 
W o rsh ip 
S e rv ic e s 
1o:3o 
P.m ., 
6:oo p.m . 
W ed n esd ay M id w e e k s e rv ice 7.3o p rn 
N u rse ry open d u rin g a il s e rv ­ ices. 

March I 2 1977 

ST. L U K E ’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
In Alam o Heights 
The Rev David P. Com egys, Jr. 
Rector 
The Rev. Christopher Jones, Jr. 
Day School Headm aster 
The Rev. Douglas i . Thom as 
Assistant 
The Rev. C. Jeff Kraem er 
Assistant 
The Rev. Jam es K. Alcorn 
Assistant 

Su nday S e rv ic e s . 7:45, 9:oo and l l OO a rn. a n d 6:oo p m. 
A d u lt a n d 
Y o u th c la s s e s 
9:45 a.m . 

WINDCREST 
THE CHURCH OF 
THE RESURRECTION 

59o9 walzem Read-655-54(4 
The 
Rev. 
Jam es 
P. 
Giddings, 
Rector 
Sundav E u c h a ris t 9 OO & It: OO A M 
Sundav School 1o oo A M a ll ages 
L ice n se d p re-sch o o l & K in d e rg a rte n 

R E D E E M E R 
LU T HE RA N 
CHURCH 
(M is s o u ri Syn od ) 
25o7 F re d e ric k s b u rg R d. 
Telep h on e: 732-41)2 
R ev. H e il M . Bocfcetm ann. 
P a s to r 
S U N D A Y : 9:15 o.m . — S u n d a v 
School 
S> 
B ib le 
C la sse s, 
1o:3o o.m . D iv in e W o rsh ip . 

Evangelical Free Church 

WAYSIDE 
C H A P E L 
291( V a n c e J a c k s o n 
P h . 344-12o3 
8:3o A M . E o r lv W o rsh ip 
9:45 A .M . S u n d ov School. 
11:oo A .M . L a ie W o rsh ip 
7:oo P .M . E v e n in g S e rv ic e . 
P a s to r — Stephen P. T ro x e i 

I u t h e r n n 

C h u r c h e s 

A P N e w s f a a r u r e s 

A Special 
Invitation 
To Attend 
Church From 

Aggregate Plant 
Products Co. 

Loop 13— 1 m ile 
N orth of H ig h w a y 93{c 
Ed3 u n 

Sears, Roebuck and Co. 

Garza 
Finance Co. 

1o3 S P io re s St 
C A A 74(1 
Bexar County 
National Bank 
M e m b e r P .O I C. 
Jell-Craft 
Punch Bases 

M a n u fa c tu re d bv B lu e B onnet 
P o ta to C h ip C o m p a n y 

Assembly 

CHURCH OF 
CASTLE HILLS 

214 Balete 
(t • .‘Aliet West et Central Park 
Mall en Leap 41o) 
342-4279 
Pastor John n o t e r 
Su ndov School 
9 3o A FA 
M o rn in g W orship 
IO JO A M 
E ve n in g W orship 
6:oo P M 
Wednesday 
C ity W ide B ib le Studv A 
Youth S e rv ice 
J J® P W 
N u rs e ry p ro vid e d at on se r; ice s 
The C h u rch You ve B e rn 
L o o k in g For 

GOSPEL 
ASSEMBLY 
P o sto r M w H a re lip 
417 C a ta lin a 
Just att H ild e b ra n d & i h IO 
W o rs h ip a n d B ib le f e llo w s h ip 
IO OO A M 
W orship Sunaov E v e 7 OO o rn 
W ednesday B ib le Study 7 3o o rn 
The C h u rch W ith Truth F o r li t 
H e a rt 
__ 

Assembly ol God 
FIRST 
ASSEMBLY 
OF GOD 
(3 ( S E M ilita ry D r t Betw een R oosevelt gad f lo r e t i 
Rev D ev R obi ten . P o ste r ‘ 
Phone 922 >5*1-924 »547 
SUNDAY 
SER VICE 
Sonde. 
School — 9.45 o rn 
W o rsh ip - 
IO 45 o rn 
Junior Church Serv ices m Auxiliary Auditorium tor 
Children of an aget — IO 45 a m 
Youth 
M eetin gs 
— 
6 OO a rn 
Evangelistic 
Services 
— 
7 OO p m 
W E D N E S D A Y 
D eeper 
L ite 
B ib le S e rv ices — 7 JO o rn. A i tended 
N u rse rie s operate o f se rvice s 

OAK MEADOW 
ASSEMBLY OF 
GOD 
2714 H u nters G reen 
(N W | A ) 
Phone 492 23U 
B e* Jo ck B e d e m e n . P aste r 
S und ay S e rvices 
Sunday S chool—t 45 a rn 
M o rn in g A tre n * * - >8 45 a rn 
P ra is e Redly—I N pm 
W ed Fanw iy eight I N i m 
N U R S E R Y 
P R O V I D E D 
F O R 
A L L SER VICES 
A C H U R C H DP D E S T IN Y 

GLAD TIDING 
ASSEMBLY 
OF GOD 

1141 Sa w w w h ile R d. 
" .g e e ill 
J e m es H Breth## s. P ester 
Wayne V et! A ssista n t P asto r 
Sundov 
Services 
Sunday School 9 45 o.m lo ll OO noon New Concept in Christian Education Morning 
Wo*smp IO' MI e m 
Youth Sorv ice 4 OO p m 
Evangelistic Very ice I OO p rn 
Wednesday Sery ice Bible Study. 7 JO p m Royal 
Bongar* and 
Missionary 
7 JO p rn 
Nursery attendant on duty of each service 
Day Cera end Kindergarten. 
A le st g ro w in g s p iritu a l c h u re l 
.w ith o vision 

Primitive Baptist 
Churches 

EASTSIDE 
IMA W HOIN Rd. 
P h o n e H A M M 
E ld e r (D r J J. P. Dote J r. f a r w k es 
2 N D 
S A T U R D A Y 
N IG H T 
7 JO. 
P M 
, 
2 N D Su ndae IO J# A AA. 
A T H S u n d ov i f ; JE A .M . 

SAN ANTONIO 
4o5 W alton A vo. 
M eets 1st, 2nd ond 4th S u n d a ys of 
1o:3o A M . 
F o r in fo rm a tio n c a ll 661-7o58 o fter 
6 OO P .M . 

NORTHSIDE 

MOI W est T h o ra ln 
(O ne b lk. C of W ast A vo. at N o rth w o st E x p re s s w a y ) 
C h u rch : 734 2197 hom e. 342 58o9 
P a s to r E ld e r: S a m m y B ox 
M o rn in g W o rsh ip IO 3o 
E v e n in g W o rsh ip 6:3o 
Wed. 
N igh t P ro v e r M e e tin g 7:3o 
T h u rsd a y , M a rc h 17, 7:3o P .M . 
E ld e r Sonn y P y la s 
P a s to r a n d E v a n g e lis t 

Southern Baptist 

CA ST LE HILLS 
FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

222o H W M ilita ry H w y. 
B la n c a a* it oft Loo p 41o 
'• P ro c la im in g the A b u n d a n t 
L ite in C h ris t" 
D r G e o rg * M. M o rris . P o s to r 
J a m a s H. E n n is. 
A s s o c ia te P a sto r 
M a lc o lm A. G ra in g e r. 
M in is te r of M u sic 
E d R. H u m a n . 
F ie ld E v a n g e lis t 
Irv in g C ook 
E d u c a tio n D ire c te r 
H e le n C a d e 
C h u rc h V is ito r 
S u n d a v S ch o o ls (9 3o-11 oo a m i 
M o rn in g W o rsh ip S e rv ic e s (9:3o 
& 11:OO a rn 
E v e n in g W o rsh ip S e rv ic e (7.oo p m I 
C h ris tia n T ra in in g H our (6 OO 
O rn I 
W ed n esd ay P ra y e r S e rv ic e (7: IS 
, p m .) 
N u rs e ry open to r alt s e rv ic e s 

CR ESTVIEW 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

W a lie m at E a g ta c ra s t— 655-7451 
(I M ile E a s t of 
R o o se ve lt H ig h S ch o o l) 
L o r r y I. Jo n e s, P a s to r 
D on E 
K ib b e . 
A sso c ia te P a s to r 
Som M oo re. M u s ic D ire c to r 

9 45 a m B ib le Stu d y tor a ll a g es 
II OO a rn W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
6 OO p rn S u n d av n ig h t P la c e 
7 OO p m E v e n in g W o rsh ip S e rv ­ ice 
7 OO p m 
W ed n esd av 
P ro v e r 
S e rvice 
N u rs e ry open tor a ll se rvice s 
• 
V is ito rs w oicom o. 
“ C o m e G ro w W ith U s " 

EISENHAUER 
ROAD BAPTIST 
3954 E ise n h o u e r R e a d 
P h il Jew ett, M in is te r et M u s ic end Youth 
Sunday School — 9 JO a rn M o rn ­ ing W o rsh ip — IO 45 a rn , C h u rc h 
T ra in in g — 6 OO p rn , E v e n in g 
W orship — lo o p m ; 
M issio n 
O go"iia N o n c — 6 3o p m 
W ed nesdav. M id w eek P ro v e r S e rv ­ ice — 7: I i p rn ; G ra d e d C h o irs, 
K in d e rg a rte n 
B u s 
M in is try . 
N u rse ry p ro v id e d 

FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
SIS M c C u llo u g h 
•Only M in u te s A w a y by E x p re s s w a y " 
D r. J im m y R. A llen , P a s to r 

S u n d ay S e rv ic e s: 
9 3o a m. S u ndov S chool ii: o o a rn. M o rn in g W o rsh ip 
6 OO p.m . C h u rc h T ra in in g 
7:o5 p m. E v e n in g W o rsh ip 
7:15 p.m . W e d n e sd a v m id w eek se rv ice (B ro a d c a s t o ver K K Y X 
R a d io and K S A T 
(C h an n e l 
12. l l OO a.m . S u n d a v). 

MANOR 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

M a n o r D r. at M e re d ith 
(2 b lo ck s w est ot 
Je ffe rso n H ig h S ch ool) 

D r. N a th a n L. Stone, 
P o sto r 

D r. P re n tis s F e r r e ll 
A sso cia te P a s to r/ 
C h ris tia n E d u c a tio n 
M r, L e e M o re sh , 
M in is te r of M u s ic 

M is s O tane H o r!, 
M in is te r of Y o u th A R e cre a tio n 

9 3o a rn. Su nday School 
• 
IO: 5o o.m . M o rn in g w orsh ip. 
< M rm nn b v P a s t o r N a th a n L . 
Stone. " W h a t lf Y o u N o v a r P o ll 
Oft A H o rs e ? " 
6. OO p m . E v e n in g W o rsK ip Ser m on b v P a s to r N a th a n L. Stone 
••It M a n o r a ‘ NICO’ C h u rc h o r a 
C h ris tia n C h u rc h ? " 
/ o rn. W ednesdav S e rv ic e 
S u p e rv ise d n u rs e ry to a ll serv ices 

NORTHRIDGE 
PARK BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

C h e v y C h a se A E is e n h o u e r Rd. 
TA 4oS 39 
Ja m e s M . R eid. P o sto r 
9 3o a rn. Su nday School tor a il c o e s 
IO: 55 
O.m. 
M o rn in g 
W o rsh io 
S e rv ic e 
6:oo p.m . C h u rc h In tra in in g . 7 p.m . E v e n in g W o rsh ip S e rv ice 
7.3o 
O.m 
W e d n esd ay. 
P ro v e r 
S e rv ic e 
N u rs e ry open for a ll se rv ice s. 
V is ito rs w e lco m e 

PARKHILLS 
BAPTIST 

1 4 « ti Son P e d ro A vo. 
O r Jo h n Barba# . P a s to r 
S id W M illig a n E d u c a tio n 
L lo y d G o rc tb , C h o ir M a s te r 
Som S aw der, M in is te r et Y o u th 
K o rts h o L o g g e r, M u s ic A Youth 
# 3o A M S U N D A Y S C H O O L 
IO 3o A M W O R S H IP S E R V I C E 
S .45 P .M . C H R I S T I A N T R A I N ­ 
IN G 
6 45 P M E V E N I N G S E R V I C E 
7:3o P M W E D N E S D A Y P R A Y - 
E R S E R V I C E 
S u p e rv ise d n u rs e ry of a ll s o v ­ ie ts 

LACKLAND 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

27t i Frontier Dr. 
474 27o2 
Ja m e s O Todd P o ste r 
Steelton Heather 
Minister et Education 
Jim m y Murdock, 
M u s k A Youth D ire cto r 
Sundov S e rv ic e s 
( JO o rn F irs t W o rsh ip S e rv ic e v JO o m Sunday School i i OO a m Second W o rsh ip S e rv ­ ice 
4 OO p.rn Yourn C h o ir 
5 45 am Church Training 
7 oo p m 
E v e n in g 
W o rsh ip 
Ser vico 
W ednesday S e rv ic e s ' 
6 J 8 o m 
T ou ch ers A O ffic e rs 
M eeting Ac teens G ir ls in A ctio n 
R A s A P re School. C h o ir 
7 JO p m 
M id 
W eek 
P ro v e r 
Service 

( N U R S E R Y O P E N P O P A L L 
S E R V I C E S ) 
G R A D E D 
C H O IR S 
(Septem ber through A pril) 
J O O 4 OO p m . , 
T u e s d a y 
— 
(G rodes I 6) 
W ednesday 
(G rodes > 2) 
J OO J 45 p m 

NORTHEAST 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
IT M • m e n R e e d —(24 7235 
W M Le n t— Paster 
CMN Hereon - M u s k / Yoe!* 

SUNDAY SCHEDULE 
9 J o o m B iom Study (Ail opes) 
IO 5o a rn W orship 
4 3o p rn Youth Choir 
I M b * Christian Training 
6 OO p rn fila m e n ta ry C h o irs 
I OO P B I E v e n in g Worship 
W E D N E S D A Y S C H E D U L E 
o OO p rn M is s io n a ry O rg a n z a lio n s 
7 W p m M id W eek S e rv ice 
( JO p rn Adult Choir 

N U R S E R Y 
O P EN 
A LL 
S E R V 
IC E S 
W E E K DAV 
K IN D ER- 
D A R I A N PROGRAM 

S H E A R E R HILLS 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 

M I O B L A T E 
O r. Charles J. 
Wisdom 
Postor 
PhtMte Sift en 
M inister of Music and Administration 
John M . (M arty) 
Brown 
Minister at Youth 
S U N D A Y 
9 Kl B ib le Studv, 
1o JO M o rn in g W o rsh ip 
6 OO M e m b e rs in T ra in in g 
7 OO E v e n in g W orship. 
W E D N E S D A Y 

6 3o p rn Supper 
7 3o p m B ib le Study 
7 JO p m . 
S a n ctu a ry 
C h o ir 
R e h e a rsa l 

TRINITY 
BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
319 E M u lb e rry 
D r B u c k n e r P e n n in e , P a sto r 
B e y R P. (B o b ) W id em an , 
A sso cia te P o ste r 
R o y T o m m y Lyo n s. 
Minister et Music 
Rev Don M cLendon, 
M in is te r at education 
Bov Oenny M urray, 
Munster at Youth 
M r Bon Freem an. 
M in iste r at A c tiv itie s 
, 
M rs S a n d ro K ester, D ire c to r at 
S p acial O u trea ch M in is trie s 
M rs. D arie n * B o g a rt. 
P r o - ic L is t D ire c to r 
M r J W P a rtn e r 
B u Sm et* A d m in is tra to r 

S U N D A Y 
9 JO 
A M — Sundav 
Scnooi, l l OO A M — W o rsh ip S e rv ice, 6 OO 
P M -C h ris tia n 
E d u c a tio n . 
/ OO 
P M — W orship S e rv ic e 

W E D N E S D A Y o 1 5 p m - P ra y or S e rv ic e 7 15 p m 
— C h o ir 
P r e d ic t 
A tten d ed n u rs e rie s open tor on se rv ice s 

REVIVAL TEMPLE 
I J K T e x a s A ve n u e 
John M . Belt, P a s to r 
M .D . B e a d le t, A s sista n t 
S u n d ov School, 9:45 o.m . 
M o rn in g W o rsh ip , 1o:45 a rn. 
P re -s e rv ic e p ro v e r, 6:3o p.m . 
E v e n in g W o rsh ip , 7 OO p.m . 
W ednesdav 
P ro v e r 
& 
B ib le 
Study of 7 .oo p.m. 

Charismatic Baptist 

CALVARY CHAPEL lie ? W. H ild e b ra n d 
P. G ood* P o s to r-P a s te r 

S u ndov S ch o o l— IO A M . 
W o rsh io — l l A M . 
Sundav e v e — 7 P .M . 
W ed E v * . - 2 : 3o P .M . 
N u rs e ry P ro v id e d 

C h m t iu n ( h i m h 

D is c ip le s o f ( f in s ! 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
64oo B lo ck N. N ow B ra u n fe ls 
•2o-5728 
R e v . E a r l R . B isso x , M in is te r 
P o r k e r E. C ross, 
A sso c ia te M in is te r 
( 3o a.m . W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
9:45 o.m . C h u rc h School 
1o 5o a.m . W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
12:oo N o o n — F e llo w sh ip 
6 o.m. Y o u th M e e tin g s 
E x c e lle n t N u rs e ry 
A m p le p o rk mg. 

C EN T R A L 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 

M a in A ven u e at R o m a n o P la ta 
227 5273 
M in iste rs: 
D r. T h om as Y o u n g bloo d 
R ove* E. M o k in 
C h u rch School 9 45 a rn 
W o rsh io IO 45 a rn. 
F a m ily p ro g ra m s 6 p m 
N u rs e ry a v a ila b le . 
A 
F rie n d ly w e lco m e a w a its you. P le n ty ol 
P a rk in g 

COMMUNITY 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
(Disciples of Christ) 
C H U R C H S C H O O L 9 45 A M 
W O R S H IP i i OO A M 
(N u rs e ry P ro v id e d ) 
L iv e Ook E le m e n ta ry School O ld 
Soonish T r 4 W elco m e D r. 
O ffice P h o n e 654 666o 

SOUTHEAST 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
1545 G o lia d Rd. 
W o rsh ip S e rvlco l l OO a m. 
Su ndav School 9. JO o.m . 
Y o u ih G ro u p 5 3o p m . 
H o ra c e B. H a rm o n , M in is te r 

WOODLAWN 
CHRISTIAN 
CHURCH 
(Disciples of Christ) 
W est G ra m e rc y at E lm e n d o rf 
(a c ro s s fro m W oo dlaw n c ir . ) 
17oo F re d e ric k s b u rg R d. 
R e v B L B ro w n 
S e n ior M in is te r 
R e v T om W. N oel. A sso c ia te 
M in is te r 
S u ndav 
S e rv ic e C h u rc h School 
9: JO M o rn in g w o rsh ip IO 45 
S e rm o n S u biect: "In the M id s t et o u r fu lfillm e n t 

E v e n in g Y o u th G ro u o . 6 OO p rn 
C h ild c o re d u rin g m o rn in g s e rv ic e A m p le p a rk in g A frie n d 
Iv w e lco m e o w o iis you 

SUNSET RIDGE 
CHURCH OF 
CHRIST 
B re e s a t E m a* rip 
Telep h on e (24-4568 
M in is te r: R o y P. O sb orn e 

B ib le C la s s e s — 9 :15 o.m . W o rsh ip 
S e rv ic e s — Io :3 o 'o .m . and 6:oo p m . W ednesday B ib le C la sse s — 
IO o.m . o nd 7:3o p m . A tten d ed n u rse ry for o il se rvice s. 

C o m m u n ity C h u n h 

TD NHY aum! 

(758 P o u rw ln d s D r. 
IH 35 at Loop 41o 
“ In te r-D en o m in atto n a l 
C o n g re g a tio n of B e lie v e rs " 
P a s to r A lie n R a n d o lp h 
W o rsh io 
......................1 : 1 5 A M . 
B ib le F e llo w s h ip 
9:45 A M . 
W o rsh ip 
1o:5o 
A M . 
B o dy L ite S e rv ic e 
6:oo P M . 
W ed n esd ay 
C h a ris m a tic T e a ch in g .. 7:3o P M . 
T h u rsd a y 
H om e M in is trie s 
........ 7:3o P .M . 
N u rs e ry fo r o il s e rv ic e s 

ASCENSION 
LU T HE RA N 
CHURCH 

V e rn o n B rlo tk ru o ti, P a s to r 
1o6o D on aldso n A vo. 
(IO b lo ck s w ast of 
F re d e ric k s b u rg R o o d ) 
Su ndov S chedule: 
Su ndov School. 9 3o A M . 
W o rsh ip S e rv ice , IO 3o A M 
H o lv 
C o m m u n io n firs t 
Su ndav e ach m onth. 
C om e ond w o rsh ip w ith us. 

B EI TE L 
LU T H E R A N 
CHURCH 
ISIS A u stin H w y. 
P a sto r, R a lp h A b lin 

Su nday w o rsh ip s e rv ic e s 
(:oo o nd 1o:3o a m 
A d u lt d o s s o n d 
Su ndav sch o o l of 9: IO o.m . P r o v ­ er ond P ra is e on S u n d av e v e ­ n in g s o f 6:3o. N u rs e ry a v a ila b le . 

G R A C E 
LU T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

5o4 A v e n u e E . at M c C u llo u g h 
T h ro e B lo c k s N o rth 

o* T h o A la m o 
P h on o: 226-9131 
P a s to r, R o b e rt J . A d lx 

( OO and Io'45 A .M . W o rsh ip . 
9:3o A .M . S u n d a y S ch o o l 

M e t h o d i s t 

Churches 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
51o1 B ro a d w a y 
(24-3715 
M in is te rs 
D r. C o lv in W. F ro e h n e r 
R e v e re n d H a ro ld C. P e rd u e 
R e v e re n d H o rry C. B a m b e rg e r 
R e v e re n d J o c k C. B ush . Sr. 
T h re e m e a n in g fu l h o u rs of w o r­ sh ip a re o tte re d e a ch S u n d a y , 
8:3o, 9:3o o nd 1o:55 o .m . S h a re w ith us d u rin g th is lo vou s season of 
Lent. B e a u tifu l m u sic w ill be presen ted bv o u r S a n c tu a ry ond 
H a n d b e ll ch o irs. 
D r. F ro e h n e r con tin u e s the " M Y 
F A V O R I T E B I B L E S T O R I E S " 
Series, w ith the eighth m essag e: 
B E C A U S E O F " T H E I R " F A IT H 
B ib lic a l Text: L u k e 5:17-26 
C h u rch School c la sse s for a ll ag es m eet of 9:3o o .m . C h ild c o re Is p ro vid e d d u rin g a ll w o rsh ip se rvice s. 
S u n d a v e v e n in g a c t iv it ie s fo r 
4th-l2th g ra d e s beg in at 4:3o p.m . 

ASBURY 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
46o1 San P e d ro A v* . 
P h o n e: 733-o431 
R e v. W e sle y N . S c h u l!* , P a s to r 
C h u rc h School: 9:3o o.m . 
S u n d a v W o rsh ip : 1o:5o o.m . 
” T he C h u rc h o f the 

 fr ie n d ly h e a rt" 

COLONIAL 
HILLS UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
5247 V a n ce J a ck s o n R d. 
(N o rth of Loo p 41o) 
349 24o1 
R e v. W illia m M . E a s u m , P a s to r 
D e lb e rt B ro w n , A s s o c ia te P a s to r 
9:4$ a m. C h u rc h School. 
8:45 a m. and l l o.m . M o rn in g 
W orship. 
6:3o o.m . U .M .Y .F . P ro g ra m 4 
Supper. 
Tues. 7:3o p m B ib le Study. 
'6:3o p.m . W ed. Y o u th C h o ir. 
C o ll 
696-5oo2 fo r in fo rm a tio n . 
N u rse ry for a ll a c tiv itie s 

LA TRINIDAD 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

3oo Son F e rn a n d o o f P e co s 
Phono: 227-o546 ; 734-9492 
P a sto r: R e v . A . T a d G ro u t Q. 

S U N D A Y W O R S H IP S E R V I C E S : 
1o:5o A M . C U L T O D E A D O R - 
A C I O N S e r m o n : R e v . A . T e d 
G ro u t Q. 
E v e n in g S e rv ic e s for the m onth of 
M a rc h : 
6:oo o.m . a 8:3o p.m . E S C U E L A 
D E M IS IO N E S 
9 3o A M . E s c u e ia D o m in ic a l en in g le s y e s p a n o l D ora to d a s lo s edodes (S u n d ov School in E n g lis h ond Sp an ish for a ll a g e s I 
4:3o P .M . Y o u th C h o ir R e h e a rs a l 
M I D W E E K 
P R A Y E R 
S E R 
V IC E S : T h u rsd a y at 7 J O P M 

Epi sc opal 

C h u r c h e s 

NORTHEAST 
T H E CHURCH OF 
RECONCILIATION 
S te rc re s t a t B a rrin g to n in M a ry m o n t 

1:oo o.m . H o ly C o m m u n io n . 1o 3o a m 
M o rn in g W o rsh ip N u rs e ry ond S u n d av School. 
R ev. Joe L . B ro w n , R e c to r — 
Tel. 655 7731 a r 824 22IO 

S U B J B C T O F L B * S O N ‘ 
S U B S T A N C E " 
FIRST CHURCH 

M I N o rth A lo m a 
S u nday S e rv ic e 9 JO IO: 3o-11 OO 
17 OO 
Su ndav S ch o o l l l OO 
W ednesdav 
E v e n in g 
M e e tin g 

SECOND CHURCH 
M ag n et to and B o tkn o g 

Sunday S e rv ic e I i OO 
Sundov S chool 11 OO 
W ednesday 
E v e n in g 
M e e tin g 
• OO 
THIRD CHURCH 

37o# $. N e e B ra u n fe ls 
Sundgv S e rv ic e l l OO 
Sunday School l l OO 
W ednesdav 
E v e n in g 
M e e tin g 
7 OO 

FIRST CHURCH 
(ALAMO HEIGHTS) 
IM C L O V E R L E A P 
S undov S e rv ice It OO 
Sundov School U OO 
W ednesday 
E v e n in g 
M e e tin g 
7 JO 
R EA D IN G ROOM S 
126 N St M a r y * 
Colonies North M a ll im IO A W uriboch Rd, 
2/oo S M e n Braunfels 
M U Broadway 

CHRIST CHURCH 
Belknap at wast Russell 
Sunday 

1:oo o.m. Moly Communion 
9:oo a m Fam ily Servlet and 
Sundav School l l OO a rn. M orning Worshio 
(Isl ond 3rd Sundays — Holy 
Communion) 

T M t lt t Y 
, 
5:oo p m Holy Communion and 
Healing Service 

I lm fltfg Y 
1o:oo o.m Holy Communion 
Tho Rev John M. M ocNoughlon 
Rector 
The R ev. H o ld e r T o m lin 
Th e R e v M e lv in G ra y 
The R ev. S a m u e l Todd. J r. 
A s s o c ia te R e c to rs 
T h e R e v S am u el O r r C o p e rs. 
D D R e cto r E m e ritu s 
CHURCH OF ST. 
ST EP HE N 
SOUTHEAST 

3726 $ New Braunfels at IN 37 
6 Minutes from Downtown 
Phone 5)4 54o9 
Th* Rey Charlet M. B erry Jr., 
Rector 

S U N D A V : ( a.m . H o ly Com m # m on; IO a ,rn 
E u c h a ris t C h u rc h 
School cla sse s, n u rs e ry 
T U E S D A Y : 7 3o p m . E u c h a ris t/ 
Healing. 
W E D N E S D A Y : 
IO o rn. 
H o ly 
C o m m u n io n 

ST. G E O R G E 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
49o4 west Awe at MMHory Hwy. 
Th* Rey. R Rondotgh Cooper, 
Rector 
Church Phone 
343-4241 
Day Sen**! Phone 
343 4243 

S U N O A Y: W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 9 OO 
A M 
S u n d ay S chool IO: 15 A M 
W o rsh ip 
Ser V K * 
It OO 
A M . 
P ro v e r 4 P ra is e 7: JO P M 
W E D N E S D A V : Healing Service 
7 JO P M 
T H U R S D A Y : 
H o ly 
C o m m u n io n 
6 JO A M 
H e a lin g S e rv ic e IO OO 
A M . E v e n so n g 7 OO P M . 
S A T U R D A Y : 
H o ly 
C o m m u n io n 
I M A M Bibl* Study 
ST. M A R K ’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
DOWNTOWN 
3o7 East Recon at Travis Park 
Phono 
236 2434 
Tho B oy Stanley F Houser, 
Rector 
Tho Rev. John C. Bah. Jr. 
Th* Rev. C Don Bough 
Th* Bey.*John R. Roan 
Tho Bt. Rev. J. Wit sen Hunter 
* 
S U N O A Y 
( M o m H o ly Com m urn on 
9 JO . A M 
H o ly 
Com m union 
(C h a p e l) 
IO JO 
A M 
M o rn in g 
W o rsh ip 
4 
C h u rc h 
School 
M O N D A Y 
TH R U 
P R ID A Y : 
I JO 
A M 
M o rn in g 
P ra y e r 
(C h a p e l). 
P R ID A Y : to 45 A M. Hooting 
S e rv ic e , (C h u rc h ) 
I I M 
A M 
H o ly 
C o m m u n io n , 
(C h u rch ) 

WOODLAWN 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

17o1 West Woodlawn Ave. 
Senior Postor 
Rev Paul A Grout Q. 
Associate Pastor: 
Or. Elm er J Hierholzer 
Ley Pastoral Visitors: M r. Bob 
Hasbrook, M r. Carroll Sigmon 

S U N D A Y S E R V I C E S 
Sundov W o rsh ip 9 A .M . 
New Locknut Elem entary Schott 
Cafetorium 
5o5o De Zavala Rd. 
Second Service 1o:5o A.M . 
17o1 W. Woodlawn 
U M Y. Each Sunday 4 to 6 P.M . 
5o84 De Zavala Rd. 

N o / o r e n e 

HATF IE LD 
CHURCH OF 
THE NA ZA R EN E 

4515 S. Flores 
E .E . Rhodes, Pastor 
J.W. Cantrell, Associate 

Sundov S e rv ic e s Su n d ov School 
9:45 a.m .: 
M o rn in g 
W o rsh io 
IO: 5o a m. 
(C h ild re n s W o rsh ip 
S e rv ice — 4 y rs. thru the 4th grad e) 
Y o u th 
S e rv ic e s 
6:oo a m.. E v e n in g S e rv ic e 7:oo p.m . 
W ednesdav P ro v e r M eetin g , 7.3o o.m. 
(M is s io n a ry 
M e e tin g last 
W ednesdav of m onth ). 
N u rse ry is open tor a ll re g u la r se rvice s. 

A C H U R C H W H E R E E V E R Y 
B O D Y IS W E L C O M E - N O B IG 
SH O T S. 
NO 
U N I M P O R T A N T 
P E O P L E . " 

Non D enom inational 

T HE LITTLE 
CHURCH OF 
LA VILLITA 
Non-Denomlnationol 
So8 Villita St. 
Rev. Oavid W. Edm unds, 
Pastor 

FAITH 
^ 
C U M B E R L A N D 
PRESBYTERIAN- 
CHURCH 
7815 Ookton Dr. 
(Beside Lee High School) 
Phone: 342-6)4o 
Rev. R E o n Willoughby, 
Minister 
WHO SO E V E R W ILL M A Y 
C O M E 
Sundov S chool 9 45 a rn. 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e ll OO a m. 
C P Y .F ., Y o u th G ro u p 6.3o p m. 

MADISON 
SQUARE 
UNITED 
PRESB YTE RI AN 
CHURCH U.S.A. 
319 Camden at Lexington 
Phone: 226-6254 
William P. Lytle D D., Postor 
Edwin Rieke, D MA. 
Organist: Choirm aster 
9 JO o.m 
C h u rc h School. 
11:oo a rn. W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
N u rs e ry p ro vid ed . C h ild re n s C e n te r 226 
192o. 
(W eekd ays 6. 3o a m. 6: OO p m ) 

W o rsh ip S e rv ic e — l l 
Sundov o.m . 
Sundov E v y iin g S e rv ic e — 6 o rn. 
M id w eek 
H e a lin g ond 
P ro v e r rent 
He 
W ed n esd av nigh t 7:3o 
S e rv ice s o.m. 
T h u rsd a y m o rn in g 11:ooq.m . 

P r e s b y t e r i a n 

Churches 

ALAMO 
HEIGHTS 
PRE SBY TER IAN 
CHURCH 

62o1 Broodway 
Newton P. Cox, Jr. 
Minister 
Phone: 826-o371 

C h u rc h School ........... 
9:3o A M . 
F e llo w sh ip T im e 
IO: 3o A M 
S e rm o n a t 11:oo a m . b y R e v . 
New ton P . Cox J r. 
“ H A P P I N E S S 
T H R O U G H 
P E A C E M A K IN G '' 
Y outh M e e tin g s 
6:3o P .M . 
N u rs e ry P ro v id e d 

KING OF KINGS 
LUT HE RA N 
CHURCH, LCMS 
13oU Dream wood 
Telephone 456-45o8 
Henry H. lia r . Poster 
M S. E d .; M. Civ 
Sunday School and Bible Class 
9:15 a m 
W o rsh ip 1o:3o o.m . 
C o m m u n io n on firs t a n d th ird 
Sundays. 

CONCORDIA 
LU T H E RA N 
CHURCH 

1834 Bass* Rooa 
Dr. Guide M erkent 
Senior Postor 
Rev. Nerm an Abbott, Vtt. Pastel 
Rev. T heodora Orgglm ann. Asst. 
SU N D A Y 'S S C H B O U L C 
A.M . 
9:oo First service. 
1o:oo Sunday School, all oeos. 
11:oo Second Service 
P.M . 
7:oo Third Service 
7:oo Sundov School, oges 3-12. 

N U R S E R Y P R O V ID EO . 

CHRIST 
LU T H E RA N 
CHURCH 

67(2 Broadway in Alam o Hats. 
T M Rev. Arthur E. Rod* 
T M Roy. Harold M atnch. 
Pastors 
First Service— 8 oo a rn. Sundov. 
Sundov School— 9:15 o rn. 
Second S e rv ic e — IO: 3o a m. 

HOPE 
LU T H E R A N 
CHURCH (ALC) 
5714 CeMoghan Rd. 
(I b u cks south of Loop 41o) 
433-7475 — 435-97o1 
Rev. Robert P. Throntoa 
Rev Dolm as L. Luodk* 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e s 8:15 A 
1o:45 a m 
A d u lt C lo ts e n d S u n d a y S ch o o l 
9: 3o a .rn. 
N u rs e ry o ro v id e d tor both W o r­ ship S e rv ic e s 
Holy Communion — First Sundav and Third Sunday. 

MacARTHUR 
PARK 
LUT HE RA N 
CHURCH 

" T M Home-Like C h a re r 
*#o3 Nacogdoches Rd. 
(I blks No. of Loop 41#) 
Ph 834PISS 
Pastor G W Schwonenberg 
Assoc. Postor C. Zim m erm an 
Sundov Worshio: I JO A ll o rn 
Sundov School 
9 JO a rn. (tor alt oges). 
(N u rse ry p ro v id e d o il 3 h o u rs) 
M H itO ry 
P e rso n n e l e s p e cia lly w elcom e. 

ST. JOHN S 
LU T H E RA N 
CHURCH 

M I > H M H HI 
Son Antonio Taxes 7o3o5 
Phone 
MI 2411 
D O W N T O W N - 'a b lo ck w est of 
H e m is P o ir, 
R o a ld E B r a u lic k a n d N o rm a n H 
A lb e rtso n . P a s to rs 

S O N D A Y , M a rc h l l , 197) 
Worship Services I: IS and 1o:45. 

L A U R E L 
HEIGHTS 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

227 West Woo Blown at Belknap 
733-7156 
Ministers 
Rev. Charlet L. G lister 
Rev. Albert I . Loudon 
Rev. Robert E. Parsons 
Henry Holloway, 
Director of M usic 
John C. Schmidt, Organist 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e s 8.3o o n d 1o:5o a.m . 
R e v e re n d C h a r le s L . G u t t e r 
P re a c h in g , ‘ ■GOO'S C A L L : A 
DIVINE D IS T U R B A N C E " 

C h u rc h School for A ll A g e s 9:45 a.m . 
Len te n W o rsh ip S e rv ic e 
T h u rsd a y of 12:o5 p.m . 
B ish o p J. C h e ss L o v e rn — G u e st 
P re a c h e r 

ST. JO HN’S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

Northwest Son Antonio, t il Cloudcroft at Bandera Rd. 
Telephone 433-7439 
Rev. Albert M erubia, Pastor 

C h u rch 
School c la s s e s tor a ll ages, 9:3o a rn 
M orn in g W o rsh ip S e rv ic e IO SO tic* a rn. 
F e llo w s h ip 4 C o ffe e (o lio w in g m the B lu e r o o m 
Y outh A c tiv itie s B e g in n in g o1 5 JO 
o rn. 

Lenten w yi^ n ip s« ' 
/ P.m . 
You o re c o rd ia lly in v ite d to wor 
.h ip w ith us 
N U R S E R Y P R O 
V ID E O F O R A L L S E R V I C E S 

BEACON HILL 
PRE SB YTE RI AN 
CHURCH 

HOI West Woodlawn 
733-7169 
Minister . Rev. Joe M. Owen 
Sundav School 9:45 o.m . 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e l l OO o.m . 

COVENANT 
P RE SBY TER IAN 
211 Roleto A N.W. Loop 41o 
(A t Honeysuckle exit) 
Edwin Walthall, Pastor 
Phone: 342-5253 
9:3o o.m . C h u rc h sch o o l for o il ages 
1o:45 a.m . 
M o rn in g 
W o rsh ip 
S e rv ic e 
4;QQ P .M . P io n e e r F e llo w sh ip 
7.oo P .M . S e n ior H ig h D onee 

CHRIST 
PRESBY TER IAN 
CHURCH 
(Unaffililated) 
5*4o Vance Jackson Rd 
P i miles North of Loop 41o on Vonce Jackson 
Rev. J. Grant M cM illan, Pastor 

C h u rc h 
School, 
1o oo a m 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e , l l a m , 
/ OO p.m . 
M id w e e k 
S e rv ic e s 
W ed nesdov 7 3o. 
We a re co n se rv a tiv e , e v a n g e l 
•cal an d autonom ous, h a v in g no con n ection w ith the N a tio n a l or 
W o rld C o u n c il of C h u rc h e s 
W e hold to the h is to ric P re s b y te ria n benet that the B ib le is the in ­ sp ire d W ord on G od a n d the o n ly in fa llib le ru le of foith ond p ja c - 
*•— 
O u r c h u rc h o tte rs a 

NORTHWOOD 
P RE SBY TER IAN 
CHURCH 
SIS Pike Place 
824-7238 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e . II a.m . 
C h u rch School. 9:45 a m. 

Serm on bv D r. K e n t M ille r, "One 
Great Moor of Sharing." 

ST. A N D R E W 
P R E S B Y T E R IA N 
CHURCH 
8231 Callaghan Rd. 
(Near 1-1o at 41o) 
Minister, William C. Mounts 
C h u rch School 
9: 3o A M 
W o rsh io S e rv ic e • L L OO A M. 
E a rly L e a rn in g C e n te r A g e s 2, 3, and 4 M o n .-F rl. 9 a.rn.-12 noon 

Religious Science 

CHURCH OF 
TRUTH 
A m e m ber C h u rc h of R e lig io u s 
S cience L o s A n g e le s. C a lifo rn ia 
D r. 
E rn e s t 
H o lm es. 
F o u n d e r, p u b lish er of the S cie n ce of M in d 
M aria n n e . 
S u n d a ys. 
IO 45 a.rn 
S e rv ice s IO OO a rn. 
W ord of the 
Week 
C la sse s on m e ta p h y sic s and p ra c tic a l C h ris tia n ity 
1o oo a m, Ju n io r C h u rc h c la sse s (an school g ra d e s ! 
C h ild core fa cilitie s. 
D r. 
A u o re v 
H o m ie r. 
M in iste r 
(82* 7451). 
Son P e d ro 
P la yh ou se . 
Son 
A n to n io 
P a rk . 
(D ia l o 
B le ssin g , a re co rd e d m e d ita tion 
828 5581). 
W A R M 
W E L C O M E A W A IT S Y O U Sun day m o m m a 

Seventh-Day Advents 

L A U R E L 
HEIGHTS 
SE V E N T H DAY 
ADVENTIST 
CHURCH 

7o3 W e,, Ashby Pl. 
(opposite Son Pedro Pork) 
732-6898 
Robert Wood. Pastor 
David Evons, Associate Postor 
S atu rd ay 
S e rv ic e s 
S abbath 
School 9 JO a.m . D e vin e W o rsh ip 
1 Loo o.m . Y o u th M e e tin g I H r 
Oetore sun set 
P ro v e r 
M eetin g 
W ednesday 
7:3o p.m . 
D a rc o s 
W e lfare S o cie ty 
T u esda y 
1o oo a m. S u nday A M . 
•V O IC E O F P R O P H E C Y 
K K Y X 

United Church of Christ 

T h e U n it e d C h u r c h o f C h r is t c o n tin u e s th e m in is t r ie s of the 
C o n g r e g a t io n a l 
C h r is t ia n 
C h u rc h e s o n d th e E v a n g e lic a l* and R e fo rm e d C h u rc h Sin ce <957 

 s p iritu a l nom * to a ll w ho d e s ire to h e a r the w ord of G o d w ithout co m p ro m ise . 

 ten a,rn 

A SA lo rc h I#, t e n 
S e rv ic e 
I} :OB noon o n d 
, 

ST. P A U L ’S 
EPISCOPAL 
CHURCH 
H K East Grayson 
Pr. John P Dental*. Reefer 

Sundov M a u t* I JO ond 
IO JO a rn 
Adult ond Youth C la ss* ? * JO a-m . 
W ednesday M o s s IO OO a rn 
M otor F e a st D a y s 7 A IO a m and 
/ JO a m. 
Confessions S a tu rd a y s l l • noon, 

ST. L U K E S 
LU T H E R A N 
CHURCH 

"TRO Friendly CIMt Cli " 
114 Santa M enno st., 735-4591 
I Mech W et San Padre 
Pester W J Buck 
(Chaplain Cot. U SAP, Ref.) 
Pester Em eritus J P Verkeper 
Worship 
Service 
IO 45 a m 
(Nursery provided) 
Sunday 
Scnooi 
9 3o o rn 
(all ages) 
C o u n selin g S e rv ic e s o ffered 

ST. M A T T H E W ’S 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 

273o titte rs Read 
*56 125o 
(Between Nacogdoches and Broadw ay) 
Th* Rev Mot Hiarholiar. 
M inuter 
Th# Rev. Winn Alley, 
Intern Minister 
S U N D A Y S C H E D U L E 
(N u rs e ry A v a ila b le tor A ll S u n ­ dov E v e n ts) 
1:3o a rn. E A R L Y S E R V I C E 
o:3o o.m . C h u rc h School ( A L L 
A G E S ) 
IO 5o a m 
P R I N C I P A L S E R V ­ 
ICE 
4 JO a m . Y o u th C h o irs P ra c tic e 
5 3o p.m . 
Sn oek 
S u pp e r for 
Youth 
6 oo p.m . 
U M Y P tor yo u th 
7th 12th e ro d e s 
7 OO p m . E V E N I N G W O R S H IP 
S E R V IC E 
R E G U L A R 
A C T I V I T I E S 
IN 
C L U O E ; S u n d ay School C to sse t from a g e 7 y rs . w ith 6 A d u lt cla sse s, I C h o irs tor ag es 5 y rs thru A d u lt; and sp a cia l a c tiv itie s tor Youth , S en ior C itize n s. C o l loge, C a re e r, Sin gles, a n d Y o u n g 
-Adult g ro u p s 
C O M M U N IO N E A C H F R I D A Y ut 
6 jo a m w ith b re a k fa st fe llo w ­ ship ta llo w in g 

TRAVIS PARK 
UNITED 
METHODIST 
CHURCH 
I M R. T ra v is St. 
Phone 326-8341 
M IN ISTER 
Or. Ralph M. Sailer 

You o re w e lco m e to San A n t * m o t G re a t downtown Methodist 
Church lo cote p In the h e a rt of the cliv tor 
IJo y e a rs. 
O n ly m inutes a w a y bv E x p re s s w a y s ond P R E E P A R K I N G o c ro s s th* sir eat 

W O R S H IP S E R V I C E S a t IO 5o 
A M and 7 OO P M. 
D r R a lp h H. S eller p re a c h in g of 
IO SO A M on “ F O R G I V E N E S S 
P O R S I N N E R ! " 
12:oo H o ly C o m m u n io n C h ild e rs 
C hooei 
9 JO A M C h u rc h School C la sse s for o il ages 
* W P M Y o u th A c tiv itie s B e g in 
7 OO P M E v e n in g W o rsh ip R ev, 
S id S p a in p r e a c h in g on “ T H E 
C A N C E R O P C R I T I C I S M '' 

FIRST 
PR E S B Y T E R IA N 
CHURCH 
North Alam o ond Fourth S is. 

M IN ISTER S: 
Louis H. Zbindan Jr. 
Richard G Ryan 
Robert M. Euliack, H R., Teaching 
M inister, 
George M au l* 

M inister Em eritus 
Or E e l* Hieronymus, 
O re an a! Choir Directer 
S U N D A Y : 9 a m . W o r s h ip in 
G u th rie B ry o n ) C h a p e l ted bv D R 
R y a n , 9 JO o .m . S c h o o l of th e 
C h u rc h , I i a rn. W o rsh ip , se rm o n b v D r. Z b in d e n , T H E S E C O N D - 
C O M I N G 
C o ft* * F e ll o w s h ip 
H ou r In M c C u llo u g h R oom fo llo w s w orsh io; N u rs e ry ond C h ild C a re d u rin g w orsh ip and study h o u rs; 
4 :3 o p .m . C h ild r e n 's C h o ir l l 
R e h e a r s a l; 6 p m . Y o u th M e e t­ ings in hom es of m e m b e rs; 7 p m . 
L e n le n V e sp e r S e rv ic e s at hom e 
OI Ike S. K a m p m o n n , 131 E . K in g * 
H ig h w a y , 
W E D N E S D A Y : 1 2 :1 5 p m . M e n s 
L u n c h e o n a n d stu d y led b v D r. 
B u llo c k ; A IS p m 
F a m ily N ig h t 
S u p p e r, 6 5o p.m . S tu d y led by 
D r 
P ra n k G a r c ia s p e a k in g on 
C H R I S T I A N I T Y / A B E T S t h e 
M Y S T E R Y R E L I G I O N S ; 7 p.m . 
C h o ir R e h e a rsa l. 
T H U R S D A Y 
7 IS o rn 
M e n s 
P r o v e r B re a k fa s t: 9 JO a rn .-II a m W o m en 's L e n te n B ib l* Study on P H I L I P P I A N S le d b v D r . 
Z b in d e n , S: IS p m . C o m m u n ­ ica n ts C la ss. 

KOREAN 
P RE SBY TER IAN 
CHURCH or 
CONGREGATION: r WON JOON LIM, Paster: 
S U N D A Y : W o rs h ip in G u t h r ie 
B ry a n t C h a p e l of F ir s t P r e s b y ­ te ria n C h u rch . N orth A lo m o and 
F o u rth Sts., led by th* Rev. M r. 
L im . 
T U E S D A Y A N D w e d n e s d a y e v e n in g s 7 p .m . B ib le s t u d v : 
T H U R S D A Y I p m . B ib le Stu d y; 
F o r fu rth e r in fo rm a tio n a n d loco hon of B ib le study c o ll R ev. L im 
OI 824-4992 

B E T H A N Y 
411 E M yrtle St. al N. 

Kendall (4 Blocks 
North of IH-35 

 between McCullough 
A SI. M ary's) 
226 2655 

Rev John B. Culver, pastor 
W orship, 
IO 45 o.m 
C h u rc h 
School 
9 JO a m 
A d u lt 
B ib le 
Class, 9 JO o.m . 

COMMUNITY 
443 Hunmcutt Or (W W White 
Rd., Loop 13, at (HIO) 
333-16o3 
Rev. Thom as N Word 
Worship. 1o 3o a.m . 

PILGRIM CON­ 
GR EG AT IO N A L 
5oo Pilgrim Or. (7 Blocks South of Loop 41o, 1 block West of 
Vance Jackson) 
342 6o34 
Rev. Arthur W. Stark, pastor 
Sundav 
School. 
9 45 
D iv in e ’ 
W orship S e rv ic e 11 OO a .rn 

Unity 

81oo 
9 JO o rn 

Affiliated with Unity 
School — Sitant Unity — 
O o ilv W o rd M a g a z in e 
Su nday s e rv ic e s l l a m of 17 
L a w n d a le 
D r, 
(W est oft 
B ro a d w a y ) 
S u n d a y S chool a m , 
A d u lt 
C la s s 
9 JO 
M e d ita tio n 
IO 35 p.m . 
Y o u th 
C la ss l l o m 
T h u rs d a y , T ru th 
C la s s IO 3o a rn. O ffic e open IO to 
4 M o n d a y th ru 
T h u rsd a y 
824 
7351) 
N o rm a n O tson, 
M in is te r 
^ Bulletin sent on r e q u e s t) 

Uiiituudii 

FIRST 
UNITARIAN 
CHURCH 

•o7 B e ry l D r. 
Phone, 344-4495 
C h u rc h S chool and n u rs e ry 
IO JO a rn 
M o rn in g S e rv ic e 
IO JO a rn 
M in is te r 
R e v R o d e G e rh o rd t 

Serm on 
"C R IM E AN D PU N IS H ­ 
M E N T , Part I: C O U L D I H A V E 
SHOT G A R Y G IL M O R E ? " 

Wesleyan Church 

W E S L E Y A N 
CHURCH 
19)o Was! Avenue 
344 6393 
Edw ard O Angelic Paster 
Mike Walters, Youth Pastor 
Su nday C h u rc h S chool 9 45 a rn 
W o rsh ip S e rv ic e l l OO o rn 
E v e n in g S e rv ic e 7 OO P rn 
W ednesday. B ib le Study and 
P ra y e r 7 JO p rn. 

Church D irectory 
* 
O n N e x t Page 

For further information on churches listed below — see ads appearing on this pogo 

Church of Castle Hills 
214 Roleta 

Gospel Assembly 
417 Catalina 
First Assembly of God 
83o S E. Military Dr. 
Oak Meadow Assembly of 
God 
2714 Hunters Green 
Glad Tidings Assembly of 
God 
2143 So. W W. White Rd. t 

Prim itive Baptist Church 
4o4 Walton Ave. 
Castle Hills First Baptist 
222o H W Military Hwy. 
Crestview Baptist 
Walzem at Eaglecrest 
Elsenhauer Rd. Baptist 
395o Eisenhauer Rd. 
First Baptist 
515 McCullough 
Lackland Baptist 
2718 Frontier Dr. 
Northridge Park Baptist 
Chevy Chase 8. Eisenhauer 
Rd. 

Manor Baptist 
Manor Dr. at Meredith 
Northeast Baptist 
293o Bitters Rd. 
Parkhills Baptist 
14o15 San Pedro Ave. 
Shearer Hills Baptist 
8o2 Oblate 
University Park Baptist 
23o8 Cincinnati 
Trinity Baptist 
319 E. Mulberry 
Grace Baptist Temple 
1928 Basse Rd. 
Huisache Avenue Baptist 
1339 W. Huisache Ave. 

Revival Temple 
131o Texas Ave. 
Calvary Chapel 
11o7 W. Hildebrand 
Alamo Heights Christian 
44oo Block N. New 
Braunfels 
Central Christian 
Main Ave. at Romano . 
Plaza 
Community Christian 
Church 
Live Oak Elem. School 
Old Spanish Tr. & Welcome 
Dr. 
Woodlawn Christian 
17oo Fredericksburg Rd. 
First Church of 
Christ Scientist 
5o1 N. Alamo 
Second Church of 
Christ Scientist 
Magnolia — Belknap 
Third Church of 
Christ Scientist 
27oo S. New Braunfels 
First Church (Alamo 
Heights) of Christ Scientist 
1o4 Cloverleaf 
Beacon Hill Church of 
Christ 
937 W. Magnolia 
San Pedro Church of Christ 
311 Jackson Keller 
Jefferson Church of Christ 
7o2 Donaldson Ave. 
Sunset Ridge Church of 
Christ 
Brees at Em poria 
Trinity Church 
875o Fourwinds 
Christ Episcopal Church 
Belknap at West Russell 
The Church of 
Reconciliation 
94o1 Storcrest 
Church of St. Stephen 
3724 S. New Braunfels at 
IH 37 it. George Episcopal 
Church 
49o4 West Ave. at Military 
Hwy. 
St. Luke's Episcopal 
Corona A Devine Rd. 
St Mark Episcopal Church 
3o7 E. Pecan 
St. Paul s Episcopal 
Church 
1o18 E. Grayson 
Wayside Chapel 

J 2918 Vance Jackson 

Ascension Lutheran 
1o4o Donaldson 
Beitel Lutheran 
* 
2515 Austin Hwy 
Grace Lutheran 
Avenue E at McCullough 
Christ Lutheran 
472o Broadway 

. King of Kings Lutheran 

13888 Dream wood 
Concordia Lutheran 
1824 Basse Rd 
Hope Lutheran 
5714 Callaghan Rd. 
MacArthur Park Lutheran 
29o3 Nacogdoches Rd 
Mt. Calvary Evangelical 
Lutheran Church 
3o8 Mount Calvary Dr. 
SI. John Lutheran 
5o2 E Nuevo St 
St. Luke's Lutheran 
514 Sonto Monica 
Redeemer Lutheran 
25o7 Fredericksburg Rd 
Alamo Heights Methodist 
51o1 Broadway 

I Asbury United 

Methodist Church 
I 44o1 San Pedro 

Aldersgate United 
Methodist 
Koyton at Palmetto 
Colonial Hills 
United Methodist 
5247 Vance Jackson 
La Trinidad united 
Methodist 
San Fernando v Pecos 
Laurel Heights United 
Methodist 

, 227 west Woodlawn 

I St John s United Methodist 

K l Cloudcroft Dr. 
St Matthew s United 

I Methodist 
I 2738 Bitters Rd 
■ Travis Park United 

Methodist 
23o Eost Travis 
Woodlawn United 

I Methodist 

17o1 West Woodlawn 
Hatfield Church 
Of the Naiarene 
ASIS S. Flores 
The Little Church of La 
Villita 
5o8 Villita 
Alamo Heights 
Presbyterian 
42o1 Broadway 
Faith Cumberland 
Presbyterian Church 
781S Oakton Or, 
First Presbyterian 
North Alamo end Fourth 
Sts 
Beacon Hill Presbyterian 
HOI West Woodlawn 
'Covenant Presbyterian ail Ro toto A N.W Loop 41o 
'Christ Presbyterian 
544o Vance Jackson Rd 
Madison Square United 
Presbyterian 
319 Camden af Lexington 
Northwood Presbyterian 
SIO Pike Place 
St Andrew Presbyterian 
o231 Callaghan Rd 
Laurel Heights 
Seventh Day Adventist 
2o3 Ashby Pl 
Bethany United Church af 
Christ 
411 St Myrtle St 
Community united Church of Christ 
4443 Hunnicuft Or. 
Pilgrim Congregational 
SOO Pilgrim Or 
Unity Church 
1723 Lawndale Dr 
First Unitarian 
IH IO—Loop 41o al Beryl 
Rd 
Wesleyan Church 
391o West Aye- 
Southeast Christian Church 

EMS lifesavers need more help 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 
Page * 3-B 

A major test of the quality of life in a city is the city’s concern for saving lives. By that test, the city of San Antonio is a caring city. 
The evidence has been in the establishment of the Emergency Medical 
Service which marked its third anniversary on 
March I. 
Four years ago the medical society called to the citizens’ attention the fact that people were dy­ ing because of a hapha­ zard ambulance response to critical need. 
People were dying be­ 

 w z 

 r n 

I 

 cause they needed immediate help rather than waiting until they got to a hospital for help. 
The Emergency Medi­ 

 cal Service was estab lished at considerable cost and effort to the city. 

The response time now averages six minutes with 33 minutes to com­ plete the call. Those cru­ cial minutes save lives. 
More than that, the pre­ sence of medical equip­ ment and trained techni­ cians in the module also saves lives. 
Now the doctors are calling another matter to the city’s attention. It is the matter of the saving of the lives of those who are saving lives. 
The stress factors in 
Big winds cut through Texas 

A SSO C IA T E D PRESS 
Powerful winds roared across 
West 
Texas 
Friday afternoon and showers and thunder­ storms soaked portions of 
East and Southeast Texas while a cold front made its way across the state. 
Falling humidity and the gusty winds prompt­ ed fire danger warnings for North Texas which had not received much moisture. 
The cold front was al­ most out of the state causing tornado watches in Louisiana and Arkan­ sas, but the remnants 

 were still sparking some trouble in Texas. Twis­ ters were reported 19 miles southeast of Mar­ shall and also near Was­ kom. 
No damage wa5 reported. 

Heavy winds also caused some trouble in the Panhandle. The State 
Department of Highways reported that several 
Panhandle highways had been closed due to blow­ ing dust and wind gust­ ing to more than 65 miles per hour. 
The highways closeo 

 were U.S. 287 between 
Dumas and 
Stratford; 
U.S. 54 between Strat­ ford and Dalhart and 
U.S. 87 between Dalhart and Texline, a depart­ ment spokesman said. 
Texas 1o2 was closed west of Dalhart due to irrigation equipment and grain elevator wreckage that has been blown onto the highway. 
Temperatures dipped into the 3os in the Pan­ handle early in the morning, but moved up steadily during the day. 
Brownsville had 
74 degrees at noon. 
FORECAST 

 m m 
Flurriai 
F flfT I 

\ \ \ \ \ 

SKowqrt Stationary Occluded 
[« « « ( 

D ata from 
N A T IO N A L W I ATH! K SERVICE. 
N O A A . U S Dapt. of Commorca 

SA N A N T O N IO A N O V IC IN I 
TY — Fair with cool nights and mild afternoons through Sunday 
Northwest winds IS to 25 mph and gusty diminishing Saturday night. Low Saturday in the mid 
4os High Saturday near 7o High 
Sunday in the mid 7os. Sun rises at 6 48 and sets at 6:4o 
The moon Is in the first au arter 
Moon rises at 1:14 a m . and sets at 12:1o p m 
T e m p e ra tu re s 
Friday ranged from 59 to 75 degrees. (National Weather Ser vice forecast > 
R E L A T IV E H U M ID IT Y — 22 per tent as of 6 pm . Friday 
P R E C I P I T A T I O N — T o ta l rainfall tor the 24 hour period ending at 7 p m. Friday, .o1 of an inch; tor the month. 
28 of an inch; for the year, 4 29 inches 
A ccu m u late d d e p artu re from normal for the month, minus .3o o! an inch; tor the year, minus 
.o1 of an inch. 
NO RTH T E X A S - Mostly fair 
Saturday through Sunday Cooler over the eastern portions Sun day 
Warmer Sunday in other portions 
S O U T H 
T E X A S 
— 
F a ir through Sundov with cool nights and mild atternnoons 
W EST T E X A S - Fair Solar day night and Sundov. A little warmer Sunday 
N A T IO N A L — Rom will toll 
(rom eastern Nebraska and eas tern k a n so s across the M i s s i s 
Sippi V alle y and other a re a s eastw ard except tor southern 
New England and Florida. Scat tered thundershow ers will a c ­ company the rain from the mid die and lower M ississippi Valley into the so uthe aste rn U nited 
States Rom also will tall across the 
P a c ific 
N o rth w e st an d northern California 
Elsewhere fair or partly cloudy skies are forecast 

T E M P E R A T U R E E X T R E M E S 
Low 
7 degrees at 
Rawlins. 
Wyo 
High: 95 degrees of Presidio, 
Tex. 

M A R IN E 

W IN D S — Northwesterly winds 
22 to 32 mph Seas 8 to 12 feet 
T ID E S — Port A ra n sa s for 
Sunday 
Highs at 11:3o o.m and 
7:58 o in Lows at J: ll a rn and 
4 14 p m 
Port Isabel for Sun day: H ighs at 12:29 a rn. and 
8 57 p.m. Lows of 4 OI a rn ond 
5:o3 p m. 

G R E A T E R SAN ANTONIO 

San Antonio 
59 

Austin 
58 
Brownsville 
68 
Corpus Christi 67 
Cotulla 
61 
Del Rio 
54 
Junction 
49 
Victoria 
62 

T E X A S 
Abilene 
46 
Alpine 
34 
Amorino 
37 

T EX A S W E A T H E R 

Forecast 

City 
Temproture 

Sat. 
Sun. 

75 
IS 
OI 

72 
OO 
78 
OO 
77 
o2 
75 
OO 
72 
OO 
69 
OO 
76 
.o3 

62 
J I 
6(1 
OO 
41 
OO 

Amarillo 
3o-55 
3o-7o 
Fair, warmer 
Austin 
4o 7o 
45 75 
Fair, mild 
Laredo 
41-75 
45 75 
Pair, mild 
Corpus Christi 
45 7o 
5o-75 
Fair, mild 
Victoria 
45 7o 
SOTS 
Fair, mild 
Dallas-Fort Worth 
41 66 
41 71 
Fair, mild 
McAllen Brownsville 
51 75 
55 76 
Fair, mild 
Houston 
45 75 
46 7o 
Fair, mild 

El Puso 
36 
56 
oo 
Fort Worth 
53 
65 
.23 
Houston 
6o 
TO 
25 
Lubbock 
38 
55 
OO 
Lufkin 
69 
72 
.22 
Son Angelo 
46 
64 
.o8 
Woco 
57 
7o 
o8 

SO UTH W EST 

Denver 
27 
35 
,55 
Honolulu 
/I 
84 
oo 
Los Angeles 
49 
7o 
oo 
Las Vegas 
42 
63 
OO 
Phoenix 
45 
73 
OO 
Salt Lake City 26 
43 
OO 
San Diego 
47 
69 
.oo 

SOUTH C E N T R A L 

Kansas City 
49 
62 
1.o4 
Louisville 
46 
77 
oo 
Memphis 
61 
73 
.o6 
Oklahoma City 5o 
63 
.27 
St Louis 
54 
62 
4o 
Wichita 
46 
56 
.o5 

SO UTH EA ST 

Atlanta 
53 
6o 
IO 
Birm ingham 
57 
66 
o6 
Charleston 
59 
69 
OO 
Jacksonville 
57 
79 
OO 
New Orleans 
69 
8o 
oo 
Raleigh 
49 
72 
oo 
Richmond 
46 
75 
OO 
Tampa 
68 
86 
OI 

N O RTH W EST 

Bism arck 
34 
38 
.o7 
Boise 
21 
48 
GO 
Casper 
18 
47 
OO 
Helena 
18 
4 7 
OO 
Portland, Ore. 37 
56 
OO 
Rapid City 
31 
37 
68 
Son Francisco 5o 
63 
OO 
Seattle 
38 
57 
OO 
Spokane 
3o 
47 
OO 

NORTH C E N T R A L 

Chicago 
51 
68 
OI 
Detroit 
39 
72 
OO 
Duluth 
37 
43 
OO 
Indianapolis 
44 
TO 
o2 
Milwaukee 
42 
53 
OO 
Minn St Pout 45 
5o 
.14 
Omaha 
52 
58 
I 37 
Sit Ste Marie 25 
45 
OO 

N O RTH EA ST 

Boston 
42 
65 
OO 
Buffalo 
38 
69 
OO 
Cleveland 
35 
73 
OO 
Columbus 
39 
74 
OO . 

New York City 5o 
73 
OO 
Philadelphia 
42 
72 
OO 
Pittsburgh 
31 
71 
OO 
Portland, Me 
32 
57 
OO 
Washington 
45 
73 
OO 

FO R E IG N 

Based on observations taken at 
6 a m. Friday Son Antonio time 
Temperatures are In Fahrenheit 
(left) and Centigrade.) 

City ............. 

Aberdeen 
46 
o8 
Amsterdam 
5o 
IO 
Ankara 
39 
o4 
Antigua 
79 
26 
Athens 
55 
13 
Auckland 
64 
18 
Berlin 
57 
14 
Beirut 
59 
15 
Birm ingham 
5o 
IO 
Bonn 
55 
13 
Brussels 
46 
o8 
Cairo 
68 
2o 
Casablanca 
7o 
21 
Copenhagen 
46 
o8 
Dublin 
45 o7 
Geneva 
46 
o8 
Hong Kong 
7o 
21 
Lisbon 
48 
o9 
London 
52 ll 
Madrid 
52 ll 
Malta 
64 
18 
Manila 
79 
26 
Moscow 
36 
o2 
New Delhi 
88 
31 
Nice 
55 
13 
Oslo 
34 
OI 
Po n s 
54 
12 
Peking 
46 
o8 
Rome 
59 
15 
Saigon 
81 
27 
Seoul 
37 
o3 
Soho 
5o 
IO 
Stockholm 
43 
o6 
Sydney 
73 
23 
Taipei 
68 
2o 
Teheran 
68 
2o 
Tel Aviv 
64 
18 
Tok VO 
48 
o9 
Tunis 
7o 
21 
Vienna 
55 
13 
Warsaw 
55 
13 

M EX IC O 

(M e x ica n te m p e ratu re s ap pear in both 
Fahrenheit and 
Centigrade or Celsius Fohren heit is listed first in each column ) 
Acapulco .... ...73/23 
87/31 
Guoduiaioro 
..5 3 1 2 
863o 
M aiatlon ___ ...55/13 
82 28 
Mexico Cliv . ...55/13 
82 28 
Monterrey — . . . i i 

 the calls and hours of service have proved to be gargantuan. 
A number of techni­ cians have dropped by the wayside simply be­ cause they are unable to deal with the constant challenge and the hours involved in their duty. 

Stress 

Others are feeling stress emotionally within their own personalities and some in their family relationships. It is ob­ vious that a beefing up of the corps of persons in­ volved as emergency medical technicians needs to come. 
Additional training needs to be done. A rota­ tion system needs to be established. Two classes of about 4o each have been trained. 
Other training classes are now needed among the firemen and addi­ tional cost of paying sub­ stitutes in the fire fight­ ing while the training is taking place needs to happen. 
The estimate for train­ ing another class is 
$612,ooo. It is money well spent when the lives of people are being saved and the people who are saving lives are being helped. 

Gratifying 

It was a gratifying ex­ perience a few weeks ago to visit with an elderly lady who had been picked up by an EM S to be rushed to the hospital. 
After the crisis had passed, we were thank­ ing God together for the extension of her life. 
She said, “ I want to thank you pastor for the fact that you were one of the voices in our city calling for the EM S to be established. Little did I know then that I would be alive now because it hap­ pened.” 
I then thanked God for a city that cares. 

Romania wants 
American help 

A SSO C IA T E D PRESS 
B U C H A R EST 
- 
A series of specific re­ quests for aid to over­ come the effects of the severe earthquake that hit Romania last week was forwarded to W a­ shington Friday. 
Just why the Roman­ ians appealed to the U.S. instead of their Soviet allies was not immedia­ tely clear. 
The Bucharest govern­ ment wants new data processing systems for a heavily-damaged com­ puter center, instru­ ments for cardiology and other branches of medi­ cine, replacements for destroyed machinery, spare parts and much other special equipment. 

Country and church music mix in the background of W ill Eeeley, left, a member of Concordia 
Lutheran Church. He is shown here giving free guitar lessons to members of his congregation. 
Beeley, who writes and sings country music, has made an album, “ Jamestown Ferry, and a song soon to be released, “ But I D o n ’t Even Know You.” 
Class will study religious issues 

Starting on St. P a ­ trick’s Day, Thursday, a 
‘‘Contemporary Issues in 
Religion” class will be 
~ taught from 7 to 9 p.m. 
Thursdays through May 
12 at St. Mary’s Univer­ sity. 
Robert B. O’Connor, a native of Ireland and St. 
Mary’s Theology Depart­ ment chairman, will in­ struct the class. 
At the first meeting of the class, those regis­ tered will discuss what topics will be taught in the eight-week course. 
Some topics O’Connor will suggest include bio­ medical ethics, Biblical interpretations, religious education, relations of 
Church and State and other items in the fields of theology, religion, morality and related to­ pics. 
Tuition for the course will be $3o. For more information on the course and registration call 
436-3321. 

CAMELOT CHRISTIAN 

CENTER 
The International Bible 

College Concert 

Choir will present a mu­ sical program at 7 p.m. 
Sunday at the church, 
762o Ray Bon Drive. 
Dick Quesenberry will direct the choir. The public is invited to attend the free concert. 

CASTLE HILLS 
FIRST BAPTIST 

The John Brown Uni­ versity Cathedral Choir will present a concert of 

CHURCH H its 

ROBERT O’CONNOR 

... to conduct class 

 works 
Handel, by 
Copland, 
Hanson and Du- 

Speakers at the meet­ ing will be Mrs. Seagal 
Wheatley and Stephen B. 
Wilde. 

JACOB S CHAPEL 

UNITED METHODIST 

Three special Lenten services will be held at 6 p.m. Sunday, March 2o and 23 at the church. 

Speakers at the three scholarships to the young services will bt1 the Rev. people of the congrega- Harold Zirkel, Alders­ o n who are studying for gate United Methodist church professional ser- Church; the Rev. P. L. vice. 
Woods, St. Paul United 
At 9 a.m. Thursday, a Methodist Church, and 
Bible breakfast will be Dr. Ralph Sidler, Travis conducted at the church. parR United Methodist 
Church. 

HIGHLAND PARK 
PRESBYTERIAN 

CONCORDIA 
LUTHERAN 

Lenten worship ser­ vices will be conducted at 
7:3o p.m. Wednesday and 
March 23, at the church. 
1826 Basse Road. 
Offerings collected at the services will benefit 

BETHEL A M E. 

Joe Webb, well-known bois at 7:3o p.m. Tuesday choral group from Kelly gospel singer, will bl­ at the church. 
AFB, will present a mu- KUes,1 soloist at ll a.m. 

The 
N ’Chanters, a 

Presently, the choir is on its annual spring tour with concerts scheduled in Arkansas, Oklahoma and Texas. 
The public is invited to attend the free concert. 

MARGARITE B. 
PARKER CHAPEL 

The. Rev. Raymond 
Judd Jr . will deliver special Lenten services at ll a.m. Sunday in 
Trinity Univerity’s cha­ pel. 
Trinity’s Chapel Choir will sing ‘‘Out of the 
Depths" by John Erick­ son, and Trinity student 
Roxanne Gaines will sing 
• Brother Sun, Sister 
Moon.” sing ‘‘Brother 
Sun, Sister Moon.” 
Old Hebrew laws are still applicable 

JERU SA LEM (A P) - 
Jewish laws originating in Biblical times may be interpreted now to mean that modern chain supermarkets arc illegal because they have an un­ fair advantage over corner grocery stores. 
These laws also demand quick payment of debts in an inflation­ ary period. 
There were some of the conclusions that came out of a recent conference of rabbis OB a n c i e n t 
Jewish laws in modern times. 
The conference was not 

 intended to formulate new laws binding on all 
Israelis or Jews, but to determine what Jewish tradition says is legal in today’s business world. 
Only regulations passed by parliament stand up in court, notes Rabbi 
Abraham Dolgin, a con­ ference coordinator. 
The Congress on Oral 
Law will publish its find­ 

 ings as recommendations to the chief rabbinate. 
The rabbinate makes rulings binding on religious courts, which could arbitrate a busi­ ness dispute if voluntari­ ly submitted by both sides. 
Rabbinical courts u- sually deal with prob­ lems like marriage and divorce. 

 sical program at 6 p.m. 
Sunday at the church at 
Hammond Street and 
Gevers Avenue. 
The group will perform under the direction of 
Eugene 
Nesbit. 
A free-will offering will be received to defray the 
'•ost of the music. 

NEW LIFE CENTER OF 

SAN ANTONIO 

The center will present an eight-week series on 
“ The Laws of Prosperi­ ty,” beginning at 8 p.m. 
Wednesday. 
A daytime class will be instructed at ll a m. starting Thursday. 
The center is located at 
Babcock Road and II141o in the Roger Executive 
Center. For more infor­ mation on the course call 
734-o511. 

FIRST PRESBYTERIAN 

The second in a series of special Lenten vesper services will be conduct­ ed at 7 p.m. Sunday in the home of Ike S. 
Kampmann Jr., 131 E. 
Kings Hwy 

 services. 

THE CHURCH OFI 
CASTLE HILLS 

•Stafc- * 
% J. 

NEW LIFE CENTER 

THE LAWS 
OF 
PROSPERITY 

I WHk Mrits beginning W*d. 
J 
March 16 • 1:oo PJM. Thurt., 
2 m 
Mardi 17-11:oo AJB. 
N 
Anna Kuna th 

Health, wealth, and happiness should be yours. 
Learn how to apply The Dynamic Laws of Pro­ sperity to your Life. For information - Call 734- 
o51 I 

Sunday School IO A.M. • Church School 11:oo A.M. 
Koger Executive Center (Babcock and 41o) 
4242 Piedras Dr. 
Suite 25o 

GOSPEL CONCERT 

NHYural 

B/iU rOURVviNuo UR. 

IH 35 at Loop 41o 
PASTOR ALLEN RANDOLPH 

" T h e A m i K o s ’" 
• Friday— March 18th— 7:3o P.M. 
• GOSPfl SINGING IN INGUSH-SPANISH 
• FREI ADMISSION 
SOUTHSIDE EVANGEL 
TEMPLE 
25oo S. PRESA 

Bae. B m W eal and Bee. M arvin Cart ar lo .d iu lly Invite yew Ie ear w o o k ly •ervicot 
Wefey M M fc g -lfc M AJA 
SUNDAY (V IN IN G -7 3o PJI. 
THUMDAV WINING 
7:1o PJA 

AN INTER-DENOMINATIONAL CONOREOATION 
O f BELIEVERS 
____ _ 

WORSHIP and the WORD 

8:15 and 1o:5o A .M . 
‘‘REACHING FOR CREATIVE ALTERNATIVES!" 
Personally applying the miraculous truth of John 6:1-15 

9:45 and 6:oo P.M. 
MUSICAL CELEBRATION OF PRAISE 
"THE LETTERS OF LIFE” 
" , . . m inistering to the Lord 

 ond involving others in the same." 

LONELY 
““ CARE 
226-4443 

JOHN HAGEE 

Pastor 

9:3G A.M. 

“Submission in 
Marriage” 

1o:3o A.M. 

Morning Worship 

Service 

Hear the “Scandalous 
Saint" — Missionary 
John Ells 

On la ag 4 1 o at la it IO h w ilt W att af C astral ta r t 
A N aria am in atlo n al 

Fellowship of 

Evangelical Believer* 

Dr. G u id o M e r lin * , P asto r 
CONCORDIA 
C h u rch * 
1826 Basse Road 

“ FORGET WHERE YOU’VE BEEN 

CONSIDER WHERE YOU’RE GOING” 

MORNING OR NIGHT 

 woesHiP 
9:oo a rn 
11:oo a m 
7:oo p.m. 

SUNDAY SCHOOL 

1o:oo o.m. 
7:oo p.m. 

 no LAWN rgRTIt 

FERTILIZER coit* a*.Unto O B $19.5o for on your co p WHI be bawd on the size of you' 

Wome 

ZOOM LENSES 

7o-15omm f3.8 
SAlE 
Close Focusing 
Mfr. List . 
_ 
$24o.oo f l O D . O O 

1oo-3oomm fS.O 

Close Focusing 
$285.oo $ I 86.81 

9o-23omm f4.5 

Close Focusing 
$25o.oo $163.48 
Vivitar 

 photogenesis is photography 

ALL CAMERA PURCHASERS 
RECEIVE: 

• 4 Week photography course for 
$15.CX) (a $3o savings). 
• A Free Roll of film including free processing and a contact sheet. 
• A Discussion and evaluation of your first roll of film. 

 liftvnCaiefylYofessiomls 

Deposit hits coffee prices 

ALL PRICES 
On 

MEAN 
Ni GREEN 

NOW YOU 

GREIN 

BEAUTIFUL AND HEALTHY 

UT WORK OR WORRY 

-YOURSELF 

O U R U Q U I D L A W N FERTILIZER 
I the! It need* to t dTteolth 

 our fawn with d||>f and a deep, 

 aver 

 lawn. 

Increase the beauty of your lawn and 
FREE ESTIMATE! 
(NO O BLIGATIO N t i 
ACT NOW ANO 
497- 

Coll Anytime Mon. thru Sot. 7 A.M. to 8:3o P.M. 
(5% DISCOUNT WITH THIS ADVERTISEMENT) iMBGeenlaf 

O LYM PUS O M -1 

 with FI .8 lens 

Mfr. List 
SALE 
$384.95 
$259.99 

Less Factory Rebate 
3o.oo 

Your Cost ........... 
$229.99 

Minolta XE-7 

 with FI.7 lens 

Mfr. List 
SALE 
$565.oo 
$356.oo 

Less Factory Rebate 
6o.oo 

Your Cost 
............................. 
$296.oo 

A flickering of light at the end of the long tunnel of rising cocoa prices burst into an inferno this week as both London and 
New York prices col­ lapsed under the imposi­ tion of a 1o.ooo-pound sterling deposit requirement per IO tonne lot on all non-London Co­ coa 
Terminal 
Market 
Association trade members and non­ members holding over 
IOO lots. 
Its effect was imme­ diate as prices fell 4o cents and 3o cents per pound in London and 
New York, respectively, since liquidation of long positions was preferable to many in lieu of meet­ ing the new deposit re­ quirement. 
The collapse was not restricted to cocoa, how­ ever, as sympathetic selling quickly spilled into coffee dealings and those prices fell as much as 25 cents and 17 cents per pound in London and 
New York, respectively, deapite the absence of negative news. 
25 per cent 
Brazil reported that exports during January and February totaled 
3,o4o,ooo bags which is 25 per cent of her desired export target for calen­ dar 1977 and also indi­ cated that minimum ex­ port prices starting in the second half will be sub­ stantially higher than those prevalent in the 
•first half. 
Commodity specula­ tors figuratively fell over one another in the mad dash for the window marked “ sell” and when the dust settled there were 2.572 orders to sell cocoa and 422 orders to sell coffee that could not be filled because prices had declined their per- missable daily limits and 

 ff buyers at lim it down prices could not be found. , 
Even metals were af­ fected when collapsing cocoa and coffee prices caused liquidation in copper so severe that news bulletins of an An­ golan incursion into neighboring Zaire, an important copper pro­ ducer, were not able to foster any sustainable rally. 
Nor was a Commerce 
Department report of a 
o.9 per cent increase in the wholesale price index during February, 1o.8 per cent annual rate, able to support raillies in gold and silver, two favorites as hedges against infla­ tion. 

ANALYSIS BY CHARLES E. CARDEN 

M O N D AY - The Dow 
Jones Industrial Average did not vary as much as a point off dead center un­ til the final hour, when it squeezed out a small gain of 1.66 on the day. In the absence of fresh news, all 
Dow changes were frac­ tional and volume was relatively light. In the whole market, advancers ran ahead of declines by 

PREVIOUS W EEK LAST V HEK 
(MET 

 orc 
Aint*r S*c Life.......... 

Bid 
A*k 
Hid 
Awk 
Chance 

. 3% 
4% 
3% YA 
Bexar ( in B k ........... . 
34 
- 
34 
— 
__ 
Cafeterias. Inc.......... .18% 19% 
18% 19% 
__ 
Datapoint............. 
2o% 21 Vs 
22% 
23 up 1% 
Forest O il............. 
1<**) 
2o 
1944 2o% 

_C 
' 

I SF 

Frost Bank Corp. . .. . 2o% 22% 
2o% 22% 
Cult Energ y............ ll44 12*/2 11% 12% dn % 
Mere of Tx Comm . . 26% 
27 
26% 27% up % 
Mere of Tx P fd ........ .65Vfe 66% 
66% 67% up % 
o|>tnpia Brew.......... 
6o% 61 'A 
31% 32% dn 28% 
NB( I of Tex.............. 
36 
38 
36% 38% up % 
Sigmor C orp............ 
VI inns..................... 
.13% 13% 
13 13% tin % 
22'4 23'A 
22% 23% 
— 

AMEX l*KK\ l O l S 
LAST 
NET 

Conroy. Inc.............. w EKK 
W ELK 
(h a ile r 
. . . . YA 
YA 
- 
Eox-Stanlev Photo . . ___ 8% 
8% 
( I ii % 
Howell Corp............ .. . 1544 
16% up % 
EQ Motor In n s........ ___ WA 
9% dn % 

NYSE 
Church’s Chick........ ___ 32% 
31% dn 1% 
Harte Hanks............ . . . 28'4 
27% dn % 
Tesoro Pet................ . . . 14 44 
14% 
— 

MI TI AL Kl M IS 
USA A Cap Grow th .. . . . 7.67 
7.62 dn .o5 
USA A Income.......... . . 11.73 
11.75 up .o2 
United Services........ ___ 1.66 
1.6o dn .o9 

168, and the NYSE index of all common stocks posted a small plus of 
o o4. 
T U E S D A Y — A strong opening pushed the DJIA up nearly 3 points in the first 3o minutes, but thereafter the trend was downward. It closed pff 
3.o8. Brokers said the decline represented a correction of last week’s 
2o point advance which lacked conviction be­ cause it was not accompanied by impres­ sive volume. All Dow stocks closed within fractions, except East­ man Kodak which fell 
IMI 

WEDNESDAY - The market was on the down­ side from the start and the DJIA closed off 9.14. 
Traders found nothing in 
President Carter’s press conference to stimulate either buying or selling. 
Rather, they were appre­ hensive over wholesale price figures expected to show an increase when released Thursday. De­ clining issues ran more than 2 to I over advances. 

THURSDAY 
- The government reported wholesale prices rose o.9 per cent in February, about in line with expec­ tations, and the market stayed in a narrow range 

 in slow trading until mid-afternoon. 
Then came news that retail sales jumped 1.8 per cent in February following a drop of 2.3 per cent in 
January. The Dow Jones average closed up 3.83. 
Trading picked up as prices advanced. Upside volume totaled 1o,96o,ooo shares vs. 
4,9oo,ooo shares on the downside. 
FRIDAY 
- The late rally of the previous day carried over in early hours but met little sup­ port and prices drifted for the rest of the day. By the close the Dow Indus­ trials posted a fuzzy gain of o.99. 

SUMMARY 
- At­ tempts to extend the rally of the previous week were futile. Whenever prices moved to the up- 
'side, trading dried up. 
The Dow average held within a narrow range of 
23 points through the week. The market was still troubled by fears of renewed inflation and rising interest rates. 

RANGE 
— High was made on Tuesday at 
96o.36. Low was made on 
Thursday at 
938.oo. 
Close, Friday, 947.72. 
Loss on the week. 5.74. 
Volume, all shares trad­ ed on the NYSE, 93.46 million shares. 
S.A. firm gets contract 

SPECIAL TO THI EXPRESS NEWS 

W ASHINGTON - A 

Over the 
Counter 
Quotation* from the HASD ore re d * sentative inter fleeter p rice* os ot ap proximately 3 pm . Inter dealer market* chanoe throughout the OPY Price* do not include retail mark up. mark down or commission. 
March ll, in ? 
Bld 
Asked 
Alomo Savings 
16 
17' j 
Arnee Fdr*. 
IS*. 
16A* 
Animes! 
2 k 
3'* 
Arnee, Sec. Lit 
3'* 
4'<v 
Bexoe Co Bk 
34 
_ 
Cateteeios Inc i r * 
19'* 
Comm Peoa 
4 * 
4ik 
Cutten 
IS * 
16 * 
Datapoint 
22'. 
23 
Doectiestee Gas 
II 
I t 1* 
El Poso Etec h a * ll'* 
Foeest Oil 
19-* 
2o V* 
Feonk 
22-• 
23 
Ft Sam Bk Sboees 
31 
33 
Feosf Bk 
2o > 
22'* 
Gulf Eneegy l l * 
12 * 
Handy Dan ll'* 
12' 1 
Heney S. Millee 
•j« 
9 A. 
Kelly Field n u 
2o 
21'* 
Mete ot Tx Comm 
26-* 
27'* 
Mete of Tx Ptd 
66 « 
67'* 
Met chants 
19 
2o 
NBC Of Tex 
36 > 
JO** 
Olympia Beew 
3P* 
32J « 
Peninsula 
14 
14-** 
Plato 
J 
I 
Pogo 
13 
13'* 
Shoo Comm 
2’* 
3-*k 
Shoo Ptd 
9 
Sigmoe 
13 
13' J 
Stwort & Stvnson 
13'* 
14 
I exas Intl Ate 
4 * 
4-« 
Tipperary 
22 
72 . 
Transpoet Lit 
J-* 
6 * 
Weatherford intl 
I2J . 
13 * 
Winn* 
22 * 
23 * 

^ hole^ale M eal 

F E D E R A L STATE 
M A R K ET N E W S S E R V IC E 
W H O L E S A L E M EA T T R A D E des* than carlot) W E E K E N D ­ 
ING Morch IO 
C O M PA R ED TO LAST W E E K 
C hoice steer and hefter beet ll- I.So lower, Good steady to l l higher 
Cow beet m ostly l l higher Bull beet firm and colt no com parison Good ond Choice 
B e e f P r im a l* : H in d q u a rte rs mostly 12 lower. Fo req u arter* weak to l l low er S au o re cut chucks steady Arm chucks weak to 12 lower Rounds largely SI-2 lower 
Ribs weak to 12 lower. 
Trimmed loins steady to 12 lower. 
Boneless cow beet 9o per cent lean l l 2 higher ond Boneless bull beet ll higher 
S T E E R AND H E IF E R B E E F : 
Choice. 4oo /OO lbs . 16o 61 Stan flora and Good 1-3. 35o-6oo lbs., 
16o-61 
CGW B E E F 
Breaking Utility. 
I J, 152 S3 Boning U tility, 13. 
153 54 Conner and Cutter, 162. 
B U L L Yield grade 1-2. 6oo lbs. and uo. 166 4oo 6oo lbs. lo5 
C A L F 
Good ond C h oice. 
15o JOO lbs.. 163 
B E E F PR IM A LS : Yield 2 4. 
H IN D Q U A R T E R S - I IS- HO 
IDS 
Choice. 174 76 Good. 172 75 
F O R E Q U A R T E R S - 12o IVO lbs 
Good ond Choice. 15o-53 
SQ UARE c u t CHUCKS - SOBO tbs 
Good and Choice, 16o 
A R M C H U C K S - SO 9o lbs.: 
Good ond Choice. 152 56 
ROUNDS - SOBS tbs 
Choice, 
17M2 Good. 175 SO 
R IB S - 25 35 lb s.: C h oice. 
U S SB Good. 1*4 HS 

 has received a $6.8 mil­ lion contract from the 
Defense 
Logistics 
Agency, U.S. Rep. Bob 
Krueger said Friday. 

Pioneer Refining Co.. 
8oo 
I H 41o 
NW, was awarded the contract to furnish 22 million gallons of JP4 jet fuel to the agency, Krueger said. 

Marketplace 

F E D E R A L s t a t e 
M A R KET N EW S S E R V IC E 

C A T T L E 
A N D 
C A L V E S I 
Receipts this week ettimoted ot 
3.35o ond comperes with 3.BIB tost week ond 2,927 lost year 
C O M PA RED TO LAST W E E K 
Slougnter calves and yearlings fully l l higher Sloughier cows ll higher ond siauphter bulls t i 2 h ig h er, in stan ce s 13 higher 
Feeder steers ond bulls mostly ti higher otter losing part of Mon day s advance Feeder heifers m ostly l l hig h er. Trode wos moderate throughout with good guy or attendance and some out side buying interests Supply this week comprised of about 12 per cent slaughter cows and 5 7 per . cent sloughier calves Bulk of the week s receipts were Good ond 
Choice 4oo 6oo ib feeder steers I ond bulls but included a moderate | show ing of y e a rlin g and 
2 3 year old feeder steers and bulls. Feeder heifers suopiv was generally Good ond low Choice offerings weighing 3oo 475 lbs 
S L A U G H T E R C A L V E S AN D 

 i.A. Livestock 
Y E A R L IN G S 
Good and Choice I 
45o 7oo lbs IM 35 25, few 135 5o on a mostly Good 375 55o lbs I 
131 14, few 134 25 15 25 and Ston 
OO r d and low Good S2B 25-31 
S LA U G H T ER COWS Uftitty 2 3 and including some 4s 127 JI, mostly I ct 5o ond above tote with some high dressing including netter sties at 131.25 32 25 Cutler 
124 29 SO, tote larg ely 126 ond above and Conner ond low Cutler 
12o 25 with some in weakened condition down lo SIS 
S L A U G H T E R B U L L S 
Yield 
(trode I 2 I,OOO I.SOO tbs 131 36 5o. some hign dressing yield grade I 
1.12o 1,75o lbs UU 39 
F E E D E R 
S T E E R S 
A N O 
B U L L S - C h oice 3oo 4oo lbs 
142 75-46 75, lot# 142 75-45 , 4oo 6oo lbs 141 25-43 75, few 144 with late soles 141 25 43 SO 
Good ond 
Choice 3oo 5oo lbs 139 25 42 24, lew eorly 142 5o 44 , 5oo 65o lbs 
137 4o SO late with eorly week'* soles I J S 5o-42 
M o stly Good 
27 5 5oo lbs late 135 75 39, some thin kinds 139 2L4o 25 5oo 7oo lbs 
134 75 3B 5o with some 725 1,ooo lbs 132 5o 36 6o, late 132 SO 34 

Standard and low Good 131 35 with several lots Including bulls 
BOO I, IOO lbs S32 25 33 SO 
F E E D E R H E IF E R S Good ond 
Choice 3oo 56o lbs 133 5o 35 SO, tote S34 ond above Mostly Good 
3oo 6oo lbs 131 25 34 25. few late 
S34 5o 
Standard ond low Good 
17» 31 
O T H ER S Good and Choice cow and colt pairs 127o 3o5 per pair. 
Good ond Choice 35o-5oo lb most tv crossbred replacement heifers 
135 SO 38 late Mostly Good few 
Choice 4oo 475 lbs $33 34 5o, few thin mostly Good 295 48o lbs 
SSI 32 SO 
L o ! Good 75o lb yearlings 131 SO 
HOGS 
Receipts this week BOO, lost week 929 ond lost year 797 
Borrows ond gift* mostly 5o cents lower and sows steady on Mondo y ond neither class tested thereafter. 
B A R R O W S AND G IL T S : U S 
1 3 2oo 235 lbs $37 25 to mostly 
S3 7 SO U S 2 3 2oo 26o lbs 135 37 
SO W S 
U S 
I J 3oo 4oo lbs 
131 33 4oo-6oo lbs 13o-JI. few U S 
I 2 4oo 45o lbs 131 5o 

Special Stacker Caw 
Ic Replacement Heifer 
Sale 
Sat. March 12 at I P.M. 
At Fria Ll\ chiack Sale 
Pearsall, Tx 
All cattle will be bload tested and Pregnancy 
Tested Prier ta Sale. 
Special Cansignment In­ cludes: 
12$ • 3 yr ald Braford 
Heifers, bred k calving. 
!$• - 4 ta 7 yr ald Brafard 
Caws, bred It calving $o 
3 yr ald Hrangus Heifers, bred k calving. 288 * 3 ta 
3 yr ald White Brahman 
Caws, bred k calving. SO 
3 It 4 yr ald White Brah­ man Caws, bred ta % 
Blood Slmmental Bulls. 
4oo 
3 ta 
I yr ald 
C’rassbred Caws, bred Ic calving. 18o • K l Brafard 
Heifers, Bangs tested, weighing $oo ta OOO lbs. 
Chalce set af 
Tiger 
Striped 
H eifers. 
1$ 
Chalce Herefard Bulls. 13 
• 4 ta o yr ald Brahman 
Bulls 
Far Censignm ents ar further Inf# Cnntact: 
Harry Harrisan 
Office. $12-334 233$ 
Bes: $12 334 82o8 

F E D E R A L STATE 
M A R K ET N EW S S E R V IC E 
D IR EC T S A L E S FO R SOUTH 
ANO 
S O U T H E A S T 
T E X A S 
W E E K EN D IN G Morch IO 
C O N FIR M ED 4,7oo Trode in 
South and So u th e ast T exas m oderate Dem and late good 
Fe e d lo ts e x tre m e ly c u rre n t 

 r c c u io t 
Fuuuiots reporting good inquiry late Only IOO slaughter steers confirmed this week ond no price com parison Slaughter heifers firm to mostly 5o cents higher, instances l l higher. All cattle 
FO B feedlot with 4 per cent pencil shrink ond for delivery within IO day* 

S L A U G H T E R S T E E R S 
Two ioods Good ond Choice 2 3 965 lbs 
13B 
SLA U G H T ER H E IF E R S Good and Choice 2 3 7oo125 lbs 134 5o lo m ostly U S . w ith 35o hood iv y 775 lbs late 136 ond two loads 
9oo lbs. 136 SO 
M o stly Good 
475-676 lbs 134 5o 35 

CMC TRUCKS 
4 Wheel Drive, Slier 
Lang Wheel Bate V dura* Ii Suburbans 
TINDALL k SON 
Pan tine, OMC 

Juno 4 , 1977 

R obot# Extended thru M o rc h 25, 1977 

ALL QUANTITIES LIMITED p h o to g en esis, inc. 

5o23 Broadway (Photoplex) 
828-8256 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 
Mart fails to hold gain pattern 

NEW YORK (AP) - 
The stock market got off to a strong start Friday but wound up the session with only a token ad­ vance. 
The Dow Jones average of 3o industrial stocks, up about 3 points in early trading, was ahead just 

.99 at 947.72 by the close. 
That left the average with a 5.74 loss for the week. 
Gainers outnumbered losers by a 4-3 margin on the New York Stock Ex­ change. 
Big 
Board volume plodded along at 18.23 

 million shares, against 
18.63 million Thursday. 
Brokers said the early strength represented a carryover of buying from late Thursday, when the 
Dow rose 3.83 points. 
After the initial buying subsided, the market settled into an aimless 

 pattern for the rest of the 
Session. 
Stauuara at Poor’s in­ dex of 4oo industrials posted a .o4 loss to 111.96, and S & P ’s 
5oo-stock composite index was off 
.o2 at 1oo.65. 
Sony was the most ac­ tive issue as of the 4 p.m. 

 close of the NYSE, up % at 9%. 

Inmont, second on the active list, slipped % to 
22. Esmark said it bought 
22o,ooo shares, adding to its previous holdings of the stock. 

Esmark rose M1 to 32 

The NYSE’s composite index of more than 1,5oo common stocks was up 
.o2 at 54.72. 
On the American Stock 
Exchanre, the market value index added .32 to 
111.64. The NASDAQ composite index of over- the-counter stocks gained 
.13 to 96.o7. 

51 
5o 
49 

48 

S o n A n t o n i o ! X P R E S S - N E W S - 
S o t U r d Q v M o r c h 1 2 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 
5 - B r - • n-r— .... — 
I. i 
*•*"---------------• — 
— - 
. . . . 
9 
S T R I C T L Y 
B U S I N E S S 
M c F e a t t e r s 

 rn 
B xd M lve In S n Antoni* 

A —- B — C 

S » ^K V « ? h PangeA T « u „ Tradin9 ,o f ’h* WMk ,n 
'*< ** 
▼ ••fly 
H igh 
3 7 'j 
AH 
JAH 
IT I* 
BOH 
33 
U H 
55’ . 
13''. 
A'7 
13'. 
SH 
U H 
36". 
53'J 
14>'j 
17' j 
BH 
39W 
15' J 
34W 
2SW 
IAH 

 lo w 
31J* A C F ln d 
IU A J Ind 
IT H A V F 
IJ H A P LC p 
A IU ARASv 
IJ H ASALtd 
7 '. ATO lnc 
37’ . Abb* Lab 
O' * Acm eC lv 
2H Adm Dp 
9’ * Adm Ex 
3*4 A d m V il 
7*. Addrssg 

S oU t 
N et 

I BO 
7 321 
7 i n s 
I 74 l l 1184 
I 
< 132 
I 37 l l 35o 
SO 
1548 
4o 
Bx254 
I 
14 1449 
5o 
22 129 
o4 
5 
I 15e 
o5e 
8 lOe 18 

(M a .) H igh lo w la .t Cho 
34'/. 
BH 
22 
MV. 
43H 
23H 
IO'/. 

3JW 
4H 
J IH 
13H 
43 
J IH 
YU 

1o8 
197 
13 
554 
2519 
I 
372o 

22’ j A e fnaL f 12o 
3*’ . A e tnaL f pf 2 
BW A g u irre 
9 H A h m a n s 4o 6x443 
2' j Aileen 
BO 
131 
28H A ir Prod 2ob 13 1B7o l l 
A irb n F rf 
BO 12 
243 
17'. Ai rco 
I 15 
B 
278 
ISH Akzona 
I JO 4ox 281 
13' * A'aOas 
I 28 
8 
58 
116’ » 1o4' i A laP pf l l 
189 
1o5 
89 
AlaP pf9 44 j 2oo 
94H 
78 
A la p pf8 16 
287oo 
93' 7 
77'/. AlaP pf8 28 
1 3oo 
21H 
11'% A la n in 
Blo 
7 
24o 
21*4 
14 
A lb a n yln 
72 
B x23 
BH 
5*4 A lbertoC 36 17 
544 
237» 
U H Albertsn 
8o 
9 
28o 
3oH 
W H A lcanA lu BO 74 1323 
22H 
14'. AlcoSfd 
98 
7 
281 
28 
18*. A lconLb 
32 15 
389 
91'. 
5 *. 
A lexdrs 
3Be 
B 189 
14 
7’ ? AllegC p 9oe IS 182 
25H 
2 1 '. A llgL ud 
I 28 
8x982 
45' J 
33'/. A llg L u d pf 3 x82 
27H 
16*. A llg P w 
IBS 8x1o4* 
2o 
9 *. A lfenG rp 
TO 7 x8o 
47># 
33** Al Id Ch 
I 8o IO 1o23 
14H 
YU A lld V n t 
84 
8 
7o 
15'. 
9 *. 
A lld P ro d BO 22 
17 
5 9 '. 
4o*. A lldS tr 
1 8o 
8 365 
6 
7 '. Al Id Sup 
113 
3o l l 7. A llisC hal 9o 
6 2o21 
9*. 
6 '. 
A llr tAuf 
BO 
8 481 
IS H 
6' 7 A lp h P rf 
72 
4 
91 
6 1 '. 
38' 7 A lcoa 
I 4o I a 9914 
4 1 'i 
3o 
Am lS ug 
3 
8 
137 
BO'. 
4 8 '. A rn a . 
I 75 l l 
897 
146 
115 
A m a * pf5 25 
29 
59*. 
48'. Am ax pf 
3 

44 H 
43'/. 
12'. 
MV. 
3U 
2H 
12'. 
I IH 
4'/. 
4H 
ITH l l 
M W 
29+. 
45") 
45'/. 
U U n u 
IT ") 
17 
3U 
3 
M U 
TBH 
15 
MW 
31’. 
26W 
W H 
ITH 
W H 
IS 
H A H 
IU 
1o3 
1o3 
92 
9o 
91 
9o 
18 
ITH 
18 
17') 
7H 
6'/. 
T IU 
21 
27 V. 
TAU 
J IH 
2o 
TOU 
IYH 
BU 
BU 
12H 
12 
24+. 
24W 
42H 
42’ . i 22’. 
21 
14+) 
14 
46 
44 H 
U H 
13") 
11' /. 
IO*. 
42U 
41U 
3H 
2H 
27+) 
JAH 
6 
BH 
16*. 
IS7* 
57' ? 
54 H 
36*. 
34W 
» *-. 
41 
121H 
117 

32 W— i n 
4 H ........ 
22 
+ 
' . 
14 
43 
— 
+. 
22’ . — 
+« 
IO 
+ 

H 
2W 

 k?4U 
IIH AM BAC 
2 I */< 
J. 
3 7 'j 
3 8 '. 
8o'. 
J I’ » 
16*. 
IJ H 
IS*. 
46 
26 
42*. 
12’ . 
39 H 
74 
3 
IT H 
29*. 
13'. 
78’ j 
8 '. 
14’ . 
25*. 
ISH 
BH 
14 
25H 
19 
21*. 
3o 
72'. 
IV * 
37*. 
167 
37*. 
BH la *. 
IO7. 
7*. 
46 
12'. 
137. 
3o'. 
84*. 
9*. 
34*. 
6 5 '. 
68H 
5o*. 
S IH 
13'» 
1 9 '. 
U H 
15'. 
WU 
12*. 
3oU 
197. 
ISH 
35H 
13’ . 
9H 
JU 
26*. 
9 
54'J 
8H 
32*. 
25*. 
8’/. 
IOU 
IJ H 
J IH 
3 7*. 
3H 
92' J 
U U 
32 
4H 
ITH 
31 
J IH 
6 
JU 
2o 
118 
U H 
3 3 '. 
4H 
6 
35' » 
37H 
56 
37H 
2 6 '. 
2o*. 
19'. 
J IH 
2o 
37*. 
4o 
IS '. 
4 *. 
24*. 
BO' z 
2o7' j 
57' f 
75 
7 4 '. 
35* ) a *. 
16H 
I U 
49 
79 ', 
ISH 
TOH 
SOU 

7o2 
8x132 
V 
E 
I 8 
J 

SJH 
24'/. 
R C 
J/. 
36'-! 

I 
1 6 * . 
A K 
' . * . 
H & H 
29' j A m rc pf 2 BO 
16H AHess 
BO 
8x3587 32H 
457« AH es pf 3 5o 
886 
72’ . 
13*. A A ir F ill 
56 IO 
795 
8H Am A ir 
5 169o 
4 H A m c o rd BO 9x276 l l * . Am Ba her 
I 
5 
35 
38’ * AB rods 2 92 IO 
585 
71 
A Brod pf I 7o 
2o 
W H ABdcst 
I IO 1163 
8 *. A m B ld V 
SO 
7 
56 
3oH Am Can 
2 4o 
8 
71 
ACan p f I 75 
I ' . AC entry 
12' 7 A m e red Ole 
5 
ACyan 
I SO IO 1228 

84 

23 
7*. A m D istl 
W *. AO isfTef 
4U A D u a iV t 
12' ? A Oui pf 
84a 
2o’ . A E lP w 7 o6 
8' j A F a m ily 
AO 
J U Am FnSys 
7H A m F inS y pf 
22*. AGI Bd I Tie 
IS 
AGenCv I 32 
17'. AG enlns 
88 
21*. A G uin pf I 8o 
13*. A G nln pf 9o 
13 
A m H olst 
I 

568 
22 
127 
368 

Am Horn I IO 18 3361 
27 
122' 7 A Homepf 2 
25*. Am Hosp 
4o 
2' 7 A m ln vst 
2o 
SU A V e d ic l 
24 
5' j A V edcp 
IO 
3*. A m M o trs 
32*. A N atR 
2 64 
8H Am Seat 
4o 
IO*. A Ship 
1o< 
16*. Am Stud I SO 
54' j AS»d pf 4 75 
6 
Am Sferil 
3o 
2 6 '. Am Strs 
I 9o 
5oH ATT 
55 
A T T pf 
4 
43*. ATT pf 
3 64 
45 
A TT pf 
3 74 
8 *. AW atW k 
76 
IS' 7 A w a t pf I 43 
12'. A w a t pf I 25 
17' ? A W tr i f I 25 

45 
182 
29 x41 
7877 
1163 
85 
1 187o 
13o 
75 
517 
196 
I 
968 

5 1 '. 
23U 
E 
I 8 
36 
3o 
66’ » 
2o’n 
IOU 
1 2 '. 
IJ H 
4 4 '. 
24*. 
39'/. io n 
38 H 
23 
2'/. 
16*. 
26*. 
IIH 
26'. 
TU 
137* 
23' j 
17H 
3*. 
II 
24H 
ITH 
19'. 
76H 
19’ j 
21U 
JOH 

U U 
5’ J 
WU 
13 
9 
74'. 
O' j 
4 *. 
IU w 

Am eron 
Am esD 
Am etek 
Am fac 
A M IC 
AM Pine 
Am pco 
Am pexC p 
Am repCp 
A m star 
I 35 

I lie 
I 4o 
I 
o8e 
48 
BO 

TH A m st pf 
34 
Am sted 
4' 
Am lei 
22H AnchrH 
22*. AndClay 
5 
A ngelica 
5 *. A n lxte r 
7 
AnsulCo 
IOU Apache 
23*. A p c o O 'l 
I * . ApecoCp 
74' i A p p * p ts 12 
IOU ApidD tg 
23' » A pidO ig pf I 
7' 7 A pp I M o 

88 
7 
36 
I SO 
I 
24 
2o 
S3* 
TO 

9 *. A rc a ta ^ 
BO 
IT i A rca tN pf 2 
16' > Arch Dan 
2o 
A rc tlc E n t 
A ri st ar 
A ri/P S v I AS 
A ri Ppf IO 7o 
A rk Best 
52b 
A rkL G s I SO 
9 
A rle n R ty 
A rm ada 
9 
A rm co 
I 8o 
7 
A rm pf 2 IO 
44' . A rm r pf 4 75 
22*. A rm st Ch 
I 12 

I ' 
I ' 
IS 
1o3’ 
6 
71’ 
2 
4< 
28* 
27 

2 1 '. 
I I ' . 
12W 
14 
45*. 
24*. 
4o7. l l 
39H 
23H 
J’. 
17’ j 
78H 
11'/j 
27 H 
7 *. 
W H 
24 
13H 
3H l l ’ * 
24H 
17*. 
19H 
27 H 
1 9'. 
22’. 
32 x2 139’. 137 
16 15o7 
27*. 
26H 
4H 
12*. 
SH 
4H 
42 
I I H 
IJ H 
27*. 
TSH 
9H 
34*. 
83H 
6 7 'i 
5o 
51 
127. 
18*. 
14 
15 
18 
I I H 
79 U 
16*. 
U H 
IV 7 
I I H 
8 '. 
J 
26*. 
8 V. 
46*. 
7’ . 
2 9 '. 
25 
6 *. 
7 
TH 
19H 
34 U 
7 
9o'/. 
12'. 
27 
JU 
15H 
JOH 
W U 
4*1 
3H 
ISH 

H 

IV. 

I 

2H 
H 
2’. 
5 
2 

H 

IU 

84 
337 
842 
1387 
554 
94 
798 
317 
28 
16 2757 
Bx 196 
4 2o IO 8314 
517 
2893 
244 
6 
58 
73ooo 
147o 
KOO 
7 
42 
5 
64 
1ox48o 
8 
445 
6 
99 
19 2313 
9 
17 l l 
494 
133 
6 
439 
44 
8 
BB 
9 
272 
7 x97 
9 
234 
9x143 
7 
59 
TI 
8 
317 
I 
381 
149 
I Uo 
1o 1994 
356 
I 
8o 
7 
111 
I 
9 2863 
8 
177 
126 
7o! 

4*. 
12’. 
BH 
4 
4o*. 
IO*. 
I I H 
27 
75 
BH 
33U 
62*. 
66*. 
49U 
SOH 
ITH 
19H 
IJ H 
WH 
ITH 
I IH 
28*. 
ISH 
13*. 
26*. 
I I * . 
TU 
1H 
25H 
8 
45' . 
BH 
28*. 
23U 
BH 
BH 
TH 
W H 
34 
I* . 
9oU 
IOU 
23H 
3 
IS 
3 o '. 
ISH 
4 
TH 
WU 
1258o 116') 115 

IS 
A rm R u 
IJ H AroC orp 
9 H A rv in 
2 5 '. A rv m ln t3’ . Asarco 
WH Ash I OM 

I lb 
64 pf2 
8o 
I 9o 

95 
537 
963 
46 
477 
BB 
/ITO 
858 
2o2 
8 
45 
5 
199 
SO 
12 13o4 
7 
539 
27' z A sd Dr G I 5o l l 
299 
SO 
5 
288 
88 
9x742 l l 3213 
2 
/STO 
374 
17 
27o 
24 19 1179 

8 *. A tti lone 
1H A tico M tg 
17 '. A tlC yE I 
1 67 
49' . A tlR lch 
I BO 
137 
Att Re pf 
3 
44' ) AtlR c pf 3 75 
54' . A ll Re pf 2 BO 
16*. A tla s C p 
21') A u toD 'a 
24 
4 '. A u tm in d 
4' ? AvcoCp 
' . A v c o C p w t 
W H AvcoCp pf 
IT' i A very Int 
7' j A vis Inc 
IO’ a A vn e tln c 
32*. AvonPd 

IT 
527 
7 
548 
6 
556 
W 3119 

 l l ' 
32H 
2U 
SH 
29 
3o 
3 
24 U 
TBH 
2o 
ITH 
79 
W H 
34H 
32H 
IJ H 
JU 
72 H 
55H 
187'. 
52'/) 
6 9 ') 
2o7 a 
TSH 
171 
TH 
969 
15 
7415 16 
2o3 
49 

 l l 
31’ » 
2*. 
S' • 
28H 
29') 
54 
23H 
2 5 '. 
19 
16*. 
TBH 
W U 
33H 
JOU 
IJ H 
JU 
TTH 
S3' • 
187'. 
SI 
BB'. 
W H 
23H 
TH 
W H 

23 
W ) 
ITH 
47 

21H 
13'. 
16*. 
45* 

II H 
3H + 
12 
+ 
4H l l ' . — 
3o’ a— 
4 5 ') + 
1 4 '.+ 
1 7 '.+ 
3 
- 
' . 
29 H — IU 
W H .......... 
3o 
+ 
H 
18 
— 
H 
IS H — 
H 
116’ )+ 2V) 
1o3 
9o U -- 
'/) 
9o'/)+ 
H 
U H ­ 
U H — 
7 W f 
2 1 ') + 
26H— 
21 
+ 
W U 
6 H + 
' . 
12H+ 
H 
24H— 
' . 
42' . + 
H 
21’. — 
H 
14U+ 
4 5 H - 
' . 
13')— 
' . 
IOU— 
** 
41H — 
H 
3 H + 
' a 
27H F IU 
SU 
16 
- 
57H + 
35*. F 
4 8 '. - 
117 
- 
S IH — 
24 
+ 
V; 
' . . V. 7 
H — 
H 
3 6 '. 
31H - 
' j 
7o')— IU 
2oH 
1oH— 
U H ­ 
U H — 
45H + 
24+. F 
4oH * l l 
3 9 '. - 
2 3 '. 
7W f 
17 
— 
T r u ­ l l ' . — 
267.+ 
J U 
14 
* 
23*.— 
U U — 
3’ v - l l 
+ 
74H 4 
17’ )— 
W H 
27’ a 4 
19'. 
J IH — 
3 o + .- 
139'.— 
77 H - 
4 *. . 
12’ )— 
SH 
A 
— 
41’. 
11'/.+ 
13H + 
2 7 '.— 
75'/- ........ 
9 H 4 
H 
34 
+ 
U 
6 2 '. - 
7f 
BBH- 
IU 
SO 
+ 
'» 
5oH + 
') 
127. + 
' . 
W H - 
' ; 
I J H — 
J. 
15 
........ 
18 
I IH 
287 . 4 
>, 
16' . 4 
V. 
IJ H — 
*t 
27 
I I H 
8 
4 
H 
2 
+ 
U 
25’ ) - 
8’ . + 
'. 
46 
4 v. 
B U — 
' . 
2 9 U * IU 
25 
+ 
<; 
B H 4 
H 
BH— 
'I 
7*. 4 
I* 
I9 H + 
*4 
34*. 
1 U + 
'I 
9o’ . 
12' . 4 i. 
27 
4 
H 
3 H + 
'• 
IS' . 4 
H 
JOH 
W H 4 
4 '. 
V t — 
W H 4 
115 
- 
I I H — 
37 
- 
7 H 
5 H + 
29 
|Y 't — 
SB 
4 
2 4 '.+ 
N 
+ 
W 
- l l 
+ 
J8H + 
W '» - 
« * * - 
32*. 4 2H 
13H 4 
U 
2 H 4 
U 
2 7 '.4 
53 H 
187') + 
S IH - 
6 7 U - 
2oH 4 
25H * 
77.4 
14% - ilS 16 
48 ) 4 
227. 4 
14') + 
17 
- 
46 U 4 

2H 

1*t 

H 
*i 
M 
' • 

U 
I 
IU 
I 

I 

I* . 
4' J 
W 
IU lf 
I'a 

4 
IU 
BT M fg 
85 
2H 
I 7. 
2H F u 
36*. 
W U 
B a bckw I X 
7 
943 
32*. 
J !’. 
31 H ~ w 
U H 
4 *. 
Bache 
AO 
5 
473 
TU 
7 
T u ­ 
H 
I ) 
T H 
B n k e rln 36 
9x319 
12 
U H l l ’ . * w 
55 
AO . 
B a k rln tl 
47 
13 
FA7. 
45 ) 
FAW J 
IU 
U U 
8’ > BaldD H 
66 
6 
IS 
MW 
14+8 
M U — 
". 
2SG 
W H 
Bal IC? 
X 
6 
X 
ITH 
M U 
M U - 
H 
75H 
T IU 
B a ll y M I 
25 451o 
25 H 
7 3 '. 
25*. F 
JU 
28*. 
22 • 
BaitG E 2 o8 
6 
465 
76'. 
2SH 
2 5 H - i , 
Bl 
X 
B a ll p ts a SO 
I ISO 
X 
SJH f i 
- 
TH 
I t 
M U 
BanCn to 
28x 959 
22' . 
M G 
71 
- 
IU 
SJH 
IT7. 
Bandag 
X 
IO 
329 
16 
WW 
W e w 
W H 
4' ) H .ngpnt 
4 
773 
W U 
MW 
WW- 
•/. l r 7 
9 
8 a tip pf I » 
14 
7 1 '. 
3o+« 
J l . F 
1) 
28' ? s r / 
HanP pf 
J 
B kofN Y 2 32 
31 
77H 
TAW 
JZH f 
• I 
38 
K H 
6 
IOO 
IS H 
35 
JC*) F 
H 
W H l l ' ■ BkofV a 
M 
6 
197 w 
MW 
M U 
SOH 
TBH B .n k A m 
8o ll 
31o6 
TBH 
M U 
JAH f 
"a 
47 
M U 
B ankTr 
3 
I 
331 
IT H 
37 
JZH ♦ 
+• 
TYH 
TSU Bnx T pf 7 X 
95 
TYH 
TY7. 
29 W F 
H 
JZH 
TSU BerbO .l 
I to 
14x114 
35H 
IS H 
35 . 
+. 
I 8 
I 
I 
W 
B 
# r d C 
R 
J 4 
I 3 
6 J 
I 4 ' • 
I 
H 
K 
. W 
H + 
H 
WH 
WU 
BarnsG p 
IO 
J t i 
I I H 
17+. 
W H . 
H 
W H 
7 '. 
B a sic Inc 
I 
St 137 
W H 
IS H 
WW 
JZH 
JA' > Basic pf 2 X 
BatesM t 
K t X o 
JAH 
JA 
36 
F 
W 
J4* ) 
22*. 
34 
72 
3 7 '. 
S IH 
5 *W ~ 
U 
IY H 
25 
BauscbL 
I 
IO 
925 
M U 
ISH 
J6H — 
H 
46*. f l u 
B a x tT rv 
24 
Wa WM )4U 
JJU 
B U ­ 
J IH 
ITH 
BayStG I 88 
7 
16 
T IU 
71W 
TI H F 
+. 
SH 
4' . 
B aykC ig 
24 l f 
77 
JU 
5 
I 
32 
IT 
Bearing 
SO 
B e a tF th 
96 
IO 
796 
JI 
27*. 
IT H 
U 
28' , 
21' / 
Wk W U 2 5 '. 
74*. 
JAH ♦ u 
28U 
22*. 
Bec k m n 
32 IS 
154 
74 
2) 
H u - 
H 
4?H 
79 ) Ber tD tck AO U 
1593 
32 
IO*. l i 
+ 
’ « 
74 H 
U 
BeecnA 
I 
I 
K l 
73 
J I*) 
I t 
- 
H 
ITH 
7*. 
Beker 
28 
JIB 
I U 
SH 
IW 
76H 
IJH 
Bel COP 
7oe 
6 
245 
77 H 
26' z 
JA*. 
H 
TTH 
IS *. Selden 
I J? 
I 
TY 
23 
MW 
H 
♦ j 4 
U U 
7 
HtFdnM 
36b 
7 
X 
IU iv. 
T H 
W 
2SU 
IS 
BeHHoyy 
64 28 
2o4 
X U 
IYW 
W H — 
•) 
SJH 
44' ) BeliC da bob 
7x1497 FA7. 
45*. 
45WF 
H 
TTH 
WW Benns 
I X 
7 
64 
J IH 
2o ) ll 
4 
H 
47 
K H 
He»d.k 
J 
BentlCp I AO 
9 
286 
45H 
47W 
A in 
I H 
IT H 
17*. 
5 HTY 
74+« 
JJU n u 
11 
Bl 
46' ) Bene. pf 4 X 
IT 
SI'S 
SI 
53 Z 
54 
BS 
Benet p it X 
/M 
SIH 
SlW 
51W m w 
B u 
Benet pf 5 X 
IID 
1o5*. 
1o4*. 
1o4+4 
IU 
X 
25 , Bene* p l J SO 
Bnf St M 
/M 
TY 
26 
I t 
F i 4 
4U 
IU 
IS 
IW 
IU 
IW F 
H 
I 
IH 
Beng. & 
o7e l l 6437 
J 
IU 
JU ♦ 
W 
6*. 
TH 
B erkeyP 
229 s 
4W 
I 
* w 
24U 
IS*. BestPd 
I 
HO 
JJU 
JOW 
B H 
48 
9 
BefhSti 
J 
IO 17J6 
IT H 
IC Y 
J7W F 
I 
15 H 
M U b g Three X 
16 
4o6 
J IH 
3o 
M W 
H 
J IH 
ISH 
11 ar X Dr 
46 W WW 
ITH 
IYW 
IA U 
U 
WU 
5 
B lair Jn 
64 
6 
461 
WW 
WW 
W H + 
H 
2o*. 
IJH 
Bl. ss ta u IQ I 
7 
4) 
W H 
WW 
W H F 
H 
24' ) 
W H 
S tork HR 
I 
264 298 
W H 
W U 
W H + 
■a 
J IH 
X U 
B lo . Bell 
I 
6 
111 
MW 
TYH 
JYH - 
H 
BH 
SH fUuebrd OSe 
7 
IOT 
IH 
J** 
S H - 
H 
BH 
JW 
Bobb.eBr 
IX 
JW 
Jw 
JWF 
Vt 
46' . 
34*. Boeing 
I 4o 
Bo.seCs I W 
9 HIO 
44W 
4JU 
43’ . 
J IH 
O ' / 
IO 2234 
MW 
J1W 
37 
W 
27*. 
W H 
Bk M n th I X l l x74t 
IT H 
M 
M u 7 
IU 
M U 
JA 
Borden 
I 4o 
9 
AK 
JJU 
33 
31*. ♦ 
H 
* IJ H 
W *. Bor .Afer I AO 
I 
JZT 
31W 
JO . 
JOW 
I 
5 
J 7* 
B or rn a n t 
S 
94 
4U 
JU 
T h - 
U 
77’ ) l f * . 
Bor Ed 
J 44 
IO 
71o 
JA > 
TBH 
JAW 
YAU 
P ’ ) 
Bo.E pf I M i m 
YAH 
YSH 
Yf+e 
+» l l 
IO • 
B o.E pc I 17 
IO 
ITW 
ITW 
U U 
IB 
IJH 
BosE p f I bb 
Br en.ft 
24 
717 
WH 
ISH 
ISH 
+8 
U U 
8 *. 
7 
961 
YU 
YW 
YW— 
U 
41 H 
IS*. BreunCE bo 
1x383 
X 7 
J IH 
MW w 
JJU i u 
B rig Sir 
62 I) 
1o61 
J IH 
JAH 
H H 
IU 
83*. 
AC • B r. st M y 2 X 
I) 
M il 
BSH 
64 
BS H F 
I 
SO1) 
M U 
Br .SIM p l 
J 
S3 
U H 
A1' I 
« 
F 
*» 
W H 
6' ) B rit Pet 
33e 
19 JJM 
W U 
U H 
IS 
- w 
J** i 
S U 
BrkrvGI I 48 
6 
176 l f 
31 i f 
7 
H u n 
U G 
Bk I VUG I 7J 
Bk UG pf? 47 
9 
IT 
B i 
M 
K H * 
H t v 7 
S U 
28 
JZH 
IA H 
IT 
. t 
9W 
5 '. RyynSt.rp 
X 
JI 
TI 
YU 
| H 
OH 
U U 
9 
BrownC 
Tie l l 
48o 
6W 
YU 
YU 
76 
M U 
Ba/nGp 
I AO 
Tx X I 
J IH 
J IH 
J IH 
« 
YU 
I * . 
BryynFer 
X 
17 M JI 
6' l+ . 
6") * 
+4 
16*. l l 
Br unsyyk 
X 
7 1o75 
ISH 
ISH 
V 
WW i f ' . l l 
Br usr. Af 
I 
7. IJJ 
M U 
V 
- t i 
JO1 4 
IS 
Bur yE r 
64 
U 
IWF 
24H 
VSH t i n * 
H 
J I' , 
9 H 
Budd Co 1 JO 
5 
223 
IYW 
WW 
16 
- l l 
49 
BuddCo pts 
/MO 
X 1) 
57 
X U F 
IU 
BH 
5 
BudCa pf X 
2o 
BW 
BG 
BW ♦ w io n 
BW Buda Ina 
IOT 
B uffFo 
I 4oa 
7 
16 
YU 
6 
6 
I , 
K H 
» , 
7x133 
IYW 
T IU 
M G F 
H 
U H 
8 
B o lo va 
7o 
TU 
TH 
T u ­ 
H 
12* ) to • Bundy Cp IO 
6 
JC 
M U 
17 l l 
JJU 
K H 
BunkM.I I BB 
66 
22 
T IU 
J I H * 
W 
U G 
4 *. 
B unk R a 
I) 
639 
IIG 
U U 
I I H 
TOU 
U U 
BnkH p fl X 
JI 
IYH 
IYH 
IYH w 
34 n u 
Bur I Ind I X 
7 1967 
IS H 
24*. 
TSH 4 w 
. M U 
J IH 
B u rl Nu 
I X 
I 
X I 
45*. 
44*. u n * 
H r n 
6‘ r B u n N u pl 55 
46 
7*8 
TH 
Th 
TO / 
17' 4 Burndy 
Be l l 
55 
W H 
SI w * . 

1o8') 
3oH 
61 
4 1 '. 
5*. 
2H 
SH 
4o*. 
IU 
T i. 
6 
TO 
9U 
16 
13*. 
49*. 
26’ a 
4' ) 
49'. 
SU 
SU 
SU 
2o'. 
18 
3H 
3oH 
39H 
34H 
WH 
ITH 
57 
2 4 '. 
3 
36H 
4 U 
18’/. 
71' a 
7 
24') 
3o U 
39 
2o'. 
32*. 
16H 
25'. 
42*. 
BH l l 
U H 
6 2 - 
W *. 
58 
53*. 
14 
ISH 
21 
WH 
56 
32*. 
29H 
WU 
7 9 '. 
16H 
18 
25H 
36't 
25’ . 
JOH 
28’ a 
TSH 
WH 
5H 
JOH 
9 
33H 
4 
11 
52 
45 H 
32'. 
3o 
47 
9U 
W H 
35*. 
4*. 
9 *. 
12 
21 
U H 
73 
22*. 
35 H 
26 
23H 
51 
S9H 
1o8' ) 
O IH 
1o7’. 
HO 
38 U 
37H 
6 1 ') 
5 
ISH 
15 16 
2 8 '. 
IT 
4 6 ') 
WH 
73 H 
J . '. 
9 o '. 
92 
179 
13*. 
U H 
IIH 
IJ H 
15 
26*. 
22' ) 
9H 
9 5 '. 
U U 
14 
8 
J IH 
SI' a 
ISH 
»H 
3 4 '. 
75 
SBH 
79 H 
79*. 
JI 
64 
67 l l * . 
TSH 
115 
TBH 
IT 7 so1 a 
45 
77'. 
37*. 
IO*. 
77*. 
23H 
IAH 
78 
JJU 
1o7 
89*. t i* . 
22'. 
35H 
38'. 
SH 
WH 
75*. 
W U 
2 o '. 
M u 
73 '. 
74*. 
57' / 
SBH 
77'. 
TIU 
78 
3 8 '. 
121 
23H 
57 
53 
87 
84 '. 

65H B u r r g h s 
___ 
W U ButtesOO 
8 
422 
W U CBS 
2 IO 1157 
33 
CBS pf 
I l l 
IU CCI 
Corp 
14 
341 
' 7 C IV tg Gp 
91 
2H C IR It Inv 
67 
S H C IT F in 2 4o 8x231 
3 
7 16 CLASSI 
22 
BU CLAS pf 12k 
25 
3H CL CAm 
24 
J 
129 
8 
C M IIn v 
6 
135 
5 *. CNA 
Flnl l l 1483 
JI 
CNA pf A l IO xlo7 l l 
CN AI 
1o8a 
9o 
X U CPC Int 2 3o 
9 
521 
W H CTSCp 
4o 
7 
429 
IU CabCabF 
86 
W7» CabotC 
I 4o 
7 
358 
2' . Cadence 
4 
165 
J U C a esars 
128 
3 
C a lF inl 
8 
462 
ISH CalPU t 
164 
I 
26 
IO*. Callahn 
35b 22 1845 
IU C am ernB r 
43 
W' a Cm pR L 
6oa 19 
54o 
M U Cam Sp I 48 12 
435 
W H CampT 
I 32 IO x9l 
13 
CdnPac 86e 
6o8 
7’ a Canal R 
64 l l 
65 
42’ . CapCitls 
JO l l 
244 
ITH CapHold 
4o l l 1o34 
H C apitM tg 
31 
29H Car bor 
I 12 
8 
1o2 
2' a C a rlin g O 
15 
169 
IO*. C a rlisle 
88 
7 
63 
53' a CaroCBOh 5 
/HO 
SH C aroF rg 
2o 12 
33 
17*. Ca no Pw I 72 
8 
8o4 
26H C a rP p f2 67 x46 
: 
71' a CarTec 
2 
7 
216 l l ' . C arrC p 
64 IO 
541 
29 
C arr pf 2 25 
/ 2o 
12’ a C arrG n 
88e 
13 
U H C artH aw 
9o IO 
618 
31'a C art Hw pf 2 
19 
6 
C art Wa) I 
4o IO 
77o ase NG 5or IO 
BO astlC k 
8ob 
8 
213 a trp T r I 5o 12 34o5 
CecoCp 
I 15 12 
28 
Ce! ansa 2 8o IO 
3o9 
Catan pf4 5o 
12 
TH Centex 
17 1ox6o4 
13' /. Cen Sow I 26 
9 2222 
17' a Cen Hud I 72 
7 
1o2 
ISH C e n lllL t I 6o IO 
177 
45 
C n lL t pf4 5o 
/ 4o 
IV a C n lLt pfJ 87 
/ 5oo 
25' a C n lL t pf 2 62 
Z2SOO 
12H C e n llP l I 28 IO 
568 
18 
C enLaE I 4o IO 
2o9 
14 
CeMPw 1 4o 
9 
168 
13*. Cen Soya 
TO 
7 
241 
W U CenTel 
136 IO 
955 
WU C entrD at 
I l l 
6o4 
15 
C r! teed 7o1ox614 
21'• Cess A ir I 2o 
7 
733 
18 
Ch am p In 
I 
8 2o58 
ISH Chm I p fl 2o 
9o1 l l 
Cham Sp 
48 IO 
9o8 
2 H C h a rte d OB 7x974 

4— 1> 

IU 

24U + I 

J IH O rtN Y 
7 
ChasFd 
6oe 
2 6 '. ChaseM 2 3o 
2 
Chase T 
5 *. Chelsea 
4o 
2 5'. Chem in I 5o 
JOU O im N Y 7 88 
25' 4 ChesVa I 36 
Chese Pe 

163 
149 
8 1699 

A 
IO 
754 
6x948 
2H 

22 
34H 
4U 
8' • 
24 >4 
2 
18 

Chessie 7 32 
C d iM lw 
Chi MIW pf 
ChlPneT 
2 
C h k F u ll 
A '. C hrlsC ft 
6 
8 
ChrC ft pf I l l ' > O trC ft pf 
9 '. C hrom a! 
84 
7 
53 
Chrom a pf 5 
IO*. C hrysler 
,4e 
4 
3o*. C hurch 
6ob 
9 
C in Bel I 
I 6o 
9 
CinnGE I 64 12 
CinG pf 
4 
CinG pf 4 75 
C'nG pf9 3o 
CinG pf 7 44 
CmG pf9 28 
99H CinG pf9 52 
18*. C in M ila I 4o 14 
27*. C itico rp 
96 
9 
38H CitiesSv 
J 8 
IU C it/SR 
7 
Cit yin vs! 
66 
I 
U C ity In v w t 
16' a C ity ln pf 
2 
IO 
C ltyh p l I IO 
25' a C la rk e I 6oa 

/IO 1o7 
148 
9oH 

C larkO il 
5o 14 
C lvC lif I 8oa 
76' a ClevEI 
2 64 I 
77' . CWEI pf 7 4o 
78 
CWEI pf7 56 
17U C W E I pf 12 
IOU Clevepk 
6o 
IOU Clorox 
57 I 
TH CiuetPea 
5o 
IOU C luettP pf I 
7 *. C stS tG s 
6 
177. CstSG p fl 83 
13*4 CstSG p fl 19 
CocaBtl 
4oa 
CocaCol 3 o8 
Coldw Bk 
5o 
CoieNat 
6o 
Coleco 
I 
23*» CoigPai 
88 
I 
46*. C olpp pf 3 5o 

126'a 128 
F 

6' 
73 
8 7 
8* 
2*4 ij» ) 
THr 
IJ H 
TU 
77'a 
77 H 
51H 
27'a 
72' > 
79 U 
6o7. 
59 H 
IO’/. 
C o lSO h2 2o 7x245 
27H 
Co SO PHO 57 
/BIO IU 
23 
77H 
WI 
22') 
49'a 
I 
44'/) m bE q 
1or 13 
782 
27 U om w E 7 4o IO 15o5 
J IH 

9 *. C ollin Aik 
4 *. Coll in F 
2o 
18 
Col Penn 
TO 
W>, C olonist I 45 
28’ a Col fin d 
2 5o 
18' a Colt pf I 6o 
47' a C olt p f 4 25 
22*. Col Gas 2 24 
SBH COIGN pf5 62 
54V. Col Gs pf 5 48 
4' a ColuPiCt 
71 
1o1 
27 
COSO pf 2 42 
U H CombC 
o5e 
32*. C o m b E n a 2 1ox543 
Cm E pf I 7o 

SH Com EOA wf 
IT’ a ComE pf I 47 
3o' . ComE pf I 9o 
J I '. ComE pf 
2 
25*. ComE pf7 J7 
2 9 '. ComE pf7 87 
89 
ComE pf8 AO 
77 
ComE pf7 24 
4H Com wO 
13'• Com o p f l 72 
IJ H C o rn e t 
I 
18H Compar 
2o 
4 
CompSel 
8' > Con Agr 
75 
W*. ConeMi I 3o 
12 
Corigolm 
BO 
13' a Cor nM 
I BO 
W H Conroe 
SOh 
15 
ConEd 
2 
55' a ConF pf 
6 
39’ a ConE pf 4 65 
44 
ConE pf 
5 
W H C o rf os I 4o 
56' a C onf pf 4 SO 
W a C onFrgf 
8o 
24' a Con NGS 2 SO 
1o6' 4 Cn& pf IO 96 
19 
Cor sPw 
7 
4o 
CnPw pf 4 5o 
44*4 CnPw pf4 52 
63’ a CnPw pf 7 45 
66' a CnPw pf 7 77 
66 
CnPw pf7 76 
62' a CnPw pf 7 68 
25 
CnPw pf 7 43 
BOH C "P w pfS 5o 
TS' a CnPw pf 
6 
SU Cont Air 
4U Con (Cop 
SO n u a c o p p t i 25 
4 IH c o rn ic e 7 6o 
45 . e n c p iA7 so 
TBH Cm I G rp 
J 
ISH Cont ICP 7 4o 
9 H Cont UP t 38 
IU C o ntllR t 
D 
Cont Oil I 3o 
S IU Con to il pf 
7 
U U Cont le i I OI 
IJ H Cont D ie iy- 
4DU CnOl pf 4 5o 
26*4 Con wet 
7 IO 
J ' ) Cook Un 
JOI 
29 
Coopr In I Or 
4H C oopt ab 
JC 
OH Coopt R 
TO 
12 
C o pt pf t 25 
IOU Cop! mo 
U H C oppR a 
36' . Coppw 7 4oh 

23 lo o n IOO 

IU 

I** 

IV, 

Bl 
I 

JOH 

I U C raig 
3o 
3 . W7 
23' 4 C ra n e I 2ob Bx 184 
JU C re d itF 
24b 
7.71$ 
7 IH C rc SN 
I 66 
8 
256 
35 a C rockN pfJ 
27 
*4 
I O 
U 
C r o rn 
7 8 
I 4 H 
I J H 
W *. CrouHi 
I l l 
IJJ 
51*4 CroH i pf J IS 
4 
W U C r w n c ii 
7 
654 
C rw /ef 
I 8o IO 16o6 tm I p H JO 
I IM 
Cry rn Po I 56 
9 
641 jU tbro 
I 32 
7 
4 7 mulligan 
44 tO»2S8 
Cum Eng I 4o 6 
296 
C ym f pf7 5o 
AAV) 
' ann Dr g 
25 
I 
24 
Carr Inc 1 o6 
75 
CyrhsPfr 
BO 
7 
413 
C u rtlB fA J 
IT 
TBH C uflerH I 8o 
9 
19o 
ISH Cyclop I TO. 
J 
BO 
71' a Cyprus 
I 4o 59 
SOT 

 r z 
JOH 
2o* 
J»7. 
4o* 
BBH 
BO' 
^ I a f I 

Yearly 
H igh la w 

42’ ) 
33H D iam In f 
2 
9 286 
22H 
14 
D iam M I TTI 
7 322 
38H 
37 D iam Sh I IO 
9 1365 
3 6 '. 
74' a DW pfD I 2o 
135 
I IH 
BH Dick A B 
2o 14x137 
13H 
8 '. 
D icfaphn 64 12 642 
IS 
IOU Oiebold 
SO 9 622 
5 7 '. 
4oH D ig ita l Eq 
19 5876 
U H 
TH DHIingm 
52 
6 485 
29' . 
22’ s. D illn g m pf 2 
9 
37’ a 
28H D illon 
I o8b 13 
121 
63 
SBH Disney 
16 
16 2152 
2*4 
I 
D iv rs fd ln 
199 
3 '. 13 16 D lv rs M fg 
119 
U H l l 
D rPeppr 
44 
IS 3467 
52U 
32' a D om eV 8oa 16 463 
BH 
2U DonLuJ 
12e 7 
161 
74H 
U H Donnelly 
68 IO 561 
W H 
13'. D orO llv lie 5 
26 
13H 
BH Dorsey 
4o 6 
67 
41' a 
33H D overCp 
9o l l 428 
56’. 
SBH Dow Ch 
I 17 7o42 
34'a 
26*. Dow Jon I 16 16 
91 
76 
W H D ravo 
I o5 8 159 
47 
35'4 Dresser 
8o 
9 2o57 
W H 
16 
D rexB d I 44 
1o4 
BU D reyfus S5e 
6 
54 

I'/. 

IB I'. IU '/. duPont 
5 14 1898 131H 129'/. 13o*.+ 

IU 

44*. duP nl pf 3 5o 
59 duP nf pf 4 5o 
W H DukeP 
I BO 
76 
Duke pf 6 TS 
88 
Duke pf 8 TO 
79' ) Duke pf 8 2o 
75' a 
Duke pf 7 8o 
/SOO 91 
TBH Duke pf 2 69 
5 7 
3o 
24 H D u nB rd I OB 16 
624 28H 
U H 
D uqLtg I 72 IO 
389 19') 
23 
Duq pf A 2 IO 
/5o 26 
TIU 
Dug pf 
2 
/15o 2 4 '. 
21' a 
Duq pf 2 o5 z37o 74' a 
23 
Duq pf o2 IO z17o 25' a 
24 ', 
Duq pf 2 31 
/187o 26U 
26*. Duq pf 2 75 
/USO 3o'* 
76 
Duq pf 7 2o z32o 68 
1o 
Dutch By 
14 12 
34 
U U 
TU D ym oln 
44 
8 
184 
12 
13'a EGSiG 
36 16 
53o 
W H 
JU E M IL ! 
12e 
8 
336 
37. 
21U ES ysf 
16ob 
8 
126 
45'a 
25’ a E agieP 
I 36 9 
75 
4oH 
16*. EascoCp 
75 
7 
221 
2o 
4 H E a st A ir 
4 1214 
SH 
22' i East GSF 
SO 
9x119o 26’/. 
U H East Ut! I 6o 
9 
79 
18 
TOH E a skd I 6oa 18 5715 
76U 
29’ a E aton 
7 
8 
437 
43 
21 
E ch lin 
48 13 
463 
74U 
21U E c k rd J k 
48 12 
476 
24H 
45’ a E disB ro 7 IO 
6 
78 
59H 
9 '. 
EdwrdS 
95a 4 x2 7 
IJ H 
U H El Paso 
I IO 52 U U 16'/. 
I 
Elec Asse 
85 2H 
I I H EDS 
6o 14 
67 W H 
I ’ . E IM eM q 
J 
17o 
A 
5 
S IM M pf Ik 
32 9H 
ISH E lgin Nat 
I 
8 
4o8 74 
4’ . E lix ir Ind 
6 
UT 
7 
24' a E ltra C p I 16 
8 
1o5 
TOH 
31'. E m e rEt 
I 16 2167 
34H 
31*. E m ery 
I 2o IT 
279 
36' a 
8*. E m ery In 
44 
9 
91 l l 
M U E m h a rt 1 8o 
7 
932 37H 
34’ a E m h a rt pf 
4 49'a 
13’ a E m pD E I 36 IO 
56 
15H 
4* a E m pD pf 47 
/IOO 
BU 
5 
E m pD pf 5o 
/BIO 
6 
9 H Em pD pf 92 
/IO IO 
IO' a 
11 
Em pG as 
4o 
7 
24o 
23H 
22H Engl V C I 2o 
9 1o38 
34H 
SU Ennis B 
32 
5 
41 
BU 
71*. Ertserch I 72 
6 
8o2 
29 
21*. Entex 
I 2o 
7 
698 
31*. 
IT*. E nvrfec 
3oe IO 
396 
33H 
7 1 '. E q uifax 
2a 
9 
41 
27H 
9 U E q u im rk 
88 
7 
46 
U H 
» 'a E quitG s 2 84 
6 
66 
36H 
U H E q u tL f 2 o9e l l 
179 
24 
JOU E sm ark 
I 76 
7x352 
32 
4’ a E s q u ire 
15 
33 9 U 
SU E sfe rlin e 
36 
7 
8o 
TH 
29' a E thyl 
I 6o 
6 7171 
45H 
39U E thyl p f2 4o 
555 
59'. 
5 
Evans PO 6o 
8 
9o5 
13V. 
14 
Evans p fl 4o 
171 
IS 
U H E xC el(5 I 25 
8 
172 
26H 
18 
E x c ly 
I 7 > x68 
2o' a 
47’. Exxon 
2 ISI 
9 7747 
52H 
19' a F V C 
I l l 3664 2 6 '. 
J IH F V C pf2 25 
91 
3 6 ') 
5' a Fahrge 
4o 
9 
441 
9 
BH F a b r’ c tr 
2o 
6 
177 
BH 
5 
F acetE nf l l 
8o 
6 
32H F airC am 8o 15 
869 
34 
6 '. F a ir Ind 
3o 
9 
147 
IO ', 
IO*. F a irm tF 
68 
7 
45 
U H 
U U F a -rm tp t 
I 
3 U U 
5H F rW s tF n 
7 
147 9 H 
4' a F a ra b V t 
466 6 
A 
F adders 
38 
498 
BU 
22' a F e d rtco I BO 
$ 
89 
26H 
U H FdV og 
1 4o 
6 
155 
23' a 
U U F e d N V t 
I 
6 2517 
W a 
WU FedPaBd 9o 
5 
786 
19H 
241. 
FP ep p fl is 
JIO 25 
16* a 
FPap pf I 2o 
29 23' a 
IOU FdS ignl 
I 
8 
172 
U H 
4o' a 
F eoD St I 46 13 16o1 *3 *. 
21*. 
F e rro 
I 25 
8 
252 37*. 
8 *. F ib re b rd 
172 9 H 
J U F ld F in 
3o 
5 
29 
BH 
26 
Fidel Un 2 4o 
7 
35 
34’ a 
15 
F ielde rs! la 
6x1o3 TOU 
7 
F ii trot 
7 
291 
W 
9 *. Fin San B 
48 
5 
132 
W H 
9 'a Fm lF e d 
5o 
6 
824 
JOH 
71 
F i resin 
I IO 17 3524 
21H 
U U Psf Char 
SOI 
6 1317 
U H 
WH F stCh ic 
96 
8x1364 2oV. 
J IH Ft Bn Tex 
I IO 
UT 33 
3 6 '. F stln Bn 1 2o 1ox556 39 
8'a P sfV iss 
36 
12 1335 
W U 
27*. Psf NBO I 88 
8 
798 
29 
2o*. F IN S tB n 2 
9 x 2o 2 6 '. 
14 
Psi Pa 
I 32 
IO 
553 
IT 
P a F tP a V tg 
179 2’ a 
9 H P St Un R I 
I 
14 
36 
17H 
4H FstV aB k 
45 IO 
153 
BH 
U H FW .sCp I 76 
8 
64 
2VH 
23' • FtSChV I 2o 
9 
2o1 
28H 
8 *. PiShPds 
AO 
6 
27o 
U 
9 *. PiShrSci 
28 
6 
WB 
U H 
U U FleetE nt 
4o 12 
723 
U U 
IJH Flem ing 
8o 
I 
58 
IT 
I U P le xiva n 
2o 12 
471 
U H 
16 
F lint hot I 16 17 
346 
2o 
5o*. F lin t p l A 5o a KM) TBH 
25 
F lin t pf7 25 
129 39H 
WU FieE C sf 
19 
IT 
3 4 'a 
U H FlaGas 
I TO 
I 
377 
23' a 
2o*. F laP w L I 56 IO 
979 
25'a 
2 5 '. FlaP ow 7 38 
9 
699 
JO 
W a FlaS tl 
I 2o 15 
36 
71 
3o 
FlUOrCp 
I 
9 
785 
34W 
72’ . F lu o rp f 
3 
I 8 2 ') 
4 '. F d F a ir 
IO 12x421 
7 
IOU FOOteC B 
I 
I 
TW 
16 
43H F o rd V 
STO 
6 3714 
59' a 
U H For V c K 
I 
7 
446 
W H 
22U F V K pf 
I 8o 
56 27 
13*. F tD ear 
I 24 
179 ISH 
» H FtW owP 
72 12 
337 
37’. 
W> a FosWh n 
8 
48 
W H 
27' a Fox boro I TO 
9 
3oo 
CSH 
2 1 '. F m k ln V 
TA 8x711 
25 
IV a F re e p V 
I BO 
9 
55o 2 IH 
7 '. F n g trn lOe JI IM ) * ' 
M IM Fruehf 

IU 
4 W 
IP F inc 
IO 
WB 
TH 
CW 
BH 
HW 
A '. l f " , Or. 
X 
52 
34) 
7W 
7’ . 
T u ­ 
'/. l l " . 
7 
DartRlv 
• 
5x 197 
• W 
• w l l t 
TYH lf * . IDanaCP 
92 
9 
JZJ 
V 
26*. 
M ’ i 
41 
2 7 ', 
Jarl md lb 
I 
916 
J5W 
33 
S h 
41' i 
JJU 
Jarl pf 
I 
111 
M U 
JAG 
S h to u 
J7W 
D a ta G e n 
?o 
57! 
44 
4 I W 
44 
F 
I U 
M U 
I? 1* 
Jayco 
5ob 
5 
TI 
ITH 
MW 
I T H - w 
71 
X 
In ye pf 
HOO 
7) 
M U 
TI 
4 
3 l l * . 
B u 
DaytHd 
I X 
• 
1o3 
36 
M U 
M 'V - 
U 
M u 
IT la vt PL 
I & 
9 
•S3 
W U 
IIH 
W +.+ w 
86' ) 
AO 
DPL pf 
T AO z JO 
IS H 
84 
IS H 
81 
T IU 
DPL pf 
7 IO 
/ X 
I? 
IT 
P 
~ 
I 
1)1 
111 ) 
DPL pf 12 SO i i TO HAU 
11SH I M ' r - 
J4U i c * 
Deere 
IO 
7 3515 
M w 
ITW 
M W w 
TYW l l * . 
Del Mon 
I X 
7 
A tt 
MW 
77W 
J IH w 
M *. 
ITG 
De. m aP 
I X 
9 
ASI 
M 
DW 
IJ H * 
H 
A in 
JI 
Del ta Air 
TO 
I 
IJ J ' 
JJU l f ' . 
MW . 
TH 
JW 
Dettec l l 
IM 
TH i n 
SH 4 
TH 
J * 
Deltona 
SS 
4W 
4W 
4 k . 
'• 
JAH 
19 
Der.nMt 
I 24 
I 
'*? 
TSH 
MW 
IS H * w 
TSU 
IS*. 
Den" Mf pf I 
I 
M U 
S h 
S h 
JS+. 
I ' * 
Jenny. 
64 
I 
TW 
TOW 
IYH 
M< i 
14H 
JZH 
Den tip ! y w l l 
IS) 
MW 
2 7 ') 
S h t , 
IS 
SH 
De Sofa 
X 
9 
IM 
MW 
U H 
U 
- w 
M U l l 
Jet Edik 
I 45 
IIk IJT 
IAH 
ISH 
WW 
' . 
66 
55 
D e tE pf 5 5o 
.1o 
67 
BBH 
M W * 
H tot a ru 
DetF pf 9 12 
114o 1o1 
IOO') 
IOO*. F 
H 
83 
BB 
D e l f pf T t i yS IO 
•3 
•O H 
OOH 4 l+ . l l 
64 
D e tF pf T AS 
SASO I ! 
7 6 ) l f 
- 
'• 
IO 
64 
D e l E pf I 16 n o 
•o 
77' • 
77 r 
W 
TY 
74H 
D e tE pf 7 75 x 71 
79 
JZH 
71 f 
"a 
VAH 
24*. 
D» F pfB2 75 x tf 
TSH 
IT H 
M H F 
'« 
26 r 
M U 
Dexter 
X tm J AA 
24 G 
22H 
24'f F 
IU 
I U 
4'a 
D'G.org 
OSe 
I 
177 
TU 
BU 
B H w 
16 
•OW 
D'G.or 
>f s 
HOO 
M U 
M U 
IB'/f— 
13+. 
9 
Dial Em! 
TO 
A 
• I 
I) 
MW 
I I H F 
H i 

4' a Fuqua 

IO*. G AFC p 
6o 
ISH G A Fpf 
I » a n g a t s i so 
36*. GAT X p i J so 
A 
GCACp 
OSe 
4H GF Busn 
32 
4H G abtehid 
21*. Gam Sh 
I 4o 
W U G am s pf t in 
JOU G am s pl I 75 
32' a Gannet! 
I 
6' a G apStrs 2oc 
W U G ardDen 
76 
U '.G a r f in k 
1o4 
U U GasSvc 
I 2o 
4 *. G atew y 
I5e 
18 
G earnrt a 
♦*« GemmCap 
U U G em m i a a 
»’ • G A tn v I /Ie 
K * . G nAm O 
1b 
8 • Gen Banc 
8o 
9' a GnC able 
TI 
U 
GCmma 
68 
J *. Gen Devi 
3 7 '. G enD yn i 
46 
G enEl i n 
M U Go Food I 64 
ISH GnGth I 34e iv . Gen Host 
AO 
I U Gen Inst 
7?t 
TTH G nlnstr pt3 
13' a GenV rd a 

7.6o9 
7x648 

4x173 
17 
5o2 

♦ 1433 
IO 
57 
SO 
IS 1o31 
U 
IO 
2o7 
26H GenV ills 
76 17 1641 
ST*. G nV of SSOe 
7 548o 
49'. GVOI pf3 TS 
IU 
65 
G V of pf 
5 
SJT 
5 
Gen Poe I 
}|1 * 2 
ISH CPU 
I 
48 9 IOU 
BU Gen R ef, 
We 44 
34 
34' . GnSioni 
1o4 
Wa 346 
J » Gen Steel 
6 
6o 
23*. G TetE i 
2 
9 33-o 
J IH GTIEI pf2 SO 
IO 
M a G TtEI pf 7 48 
121 
14 
G TFI pf I 25 
IT 
G TFI pf I W l l 
G Tire 
I 2ob 
4'a Geneseo l l * . G envlar I 4o 
JI 
GenuPfs 
9o 

/MO IOO 
BIB 
TBH 

X 
Ga Pac 
8ob 
M u GaPw pf 7 57 
I t 
G a P * pf2 75 
69 
G a P * pf 7*o 
46U G a p * pt7 72 
W a Gerber 
I JO 

4 
72 158o 
5 i t 
■15x473 

157 
G eftyO 2 TOC 14 
WU G iftb p fl » 

14 7743 if # 
*#• a IOO y 32o 
I x 1o6 
I .71 
S 1386 
„ 
_ fetM J 
O '. G iffd H ill 
BO 
4 
723 
24V. G ille fte 
I SO IO WW 
TH G m oslnc 
7 
11o 
BU GieavW 
79e IO 
IS 
6' a G le n v a r 
1o65 
W *. Globe Un I 7o 7 
282 
I IH G 'flA F n 
I2e 
4 
116 
U ' . G o ld * p l TI 
23 
I i 
Goodrh 
I II JO 
661 
2o'a G oodyr 
I IO 17 257o 
BH Got TWI A 4o 
6 
143 t i 
Gould 
I 17 
9 7961 
W' 4 Gould pf I 35 
336 
24U G race 
ITO 
I 
167 
MW G rainger 
36 IS 
WI 
IJH Or an cfUn 
I 
7 
67 
U U G ran it vt 
U U 
Gray Drg 
IO 
5 »7| 
U H 
1o') G tA tiP ac l f 
517 
IJH 
W H O il VO I 2oa 
6 
47 
26H 
U H G tN o lr I SOe W 
IM 
76' a 
2 7 '. G tN oN k I IO 
I 
419 
2 9 '. 
U H GHM 'F in 
SO 
7 
66o 
77H 
W H G tW ttU td 
2 
164 
72'a 
WH G lW n p fl m 
24 
71'. 
VSH G rG tant I OB 73 
131 
197/. 
IJ H G rG t p fl 76 
45 
77U 
•J 
G reyh 
I o4a 
Bx IOU) W H 
I H G reyhnd wf 
199 
IS. 
I 
G rolier 
448 
I ' . 
U 
G 'u n im 
IO s 
736 
I I H 
• * . G ya rd ln 
3o 
7 
78 
15'. 
U , G u lfAfstn 66 
4 M M 
IS 
‘ » GU W ind wf 
IU o 
I',. 
67 
GUIA pts 75 
I 
U H 
JO 
GUW pf J * ; 
5 n u 
M 
GUIA p o SO 
52 
36 
TH G U LtH ld 
4o U 1144 
IJH 
IU G uU V ty 
1429 
JU 
TD*. G yltO il 
1 8o 
7 4392 
JOH 
U * . Oui IR es 
I 
9 
474 
( IU 
W 
G u lf* pf I X 
22 
2 3 
G u tta p l! to 
1o5 
TSH 

H 

 k— 

St 

E A R N IN G S 

M 

 t i t . ;,/f J * ' * 

Yearly 
High low 
Sole. 
(hd».) High lew 
Net la *! Chg. 

'Oh well. b e s, as long »s we have fun in our work 

6 H LesFay 
4ob 
BH L e v F d C 
U 
Lev F In ,75a 
187, LeviS tra 
8o 
4 
L e v it/F 
J IH LOP 
I 8oa 
LOP pf 4 TS 
9 H L ib rtyC p 
52 
I 1') L iq rty L n 
3H L ib rty L n p f 
W H LiogtG p TSO 
4o 
L in y E li I 42 
24 
Line Nat I 6o 
48 
L in cN tp f 
J 
15*. Line Pl I 72a 
I ' a Lionel 
BH L itto n In t it 
9 
L ittp tc pf 
27 
L itto n p f 
3 
W U L itto n pf 
2 
BH Lockhd 
16' a Loctlte 
W 
7! 
Loews 
I 2o 
6 
Lom aF ln 
5o 
H U L o rn V 
Tie 
14 
Lon Star I IO 
59 
LoneS pf4 5o 
15H Ln g lsL t I SB 
TO 
L IL p fl 5 75 
79 
L IL p fJ8 12 
112 
L IL PIN 
13 
76H L IL pfP 2 43 
24H L IL pfO 2 47 
25' a LongDr 
48 
8’ a L oral Cp 
4o 
22 
LaLand I 2o 

8 
318 
54 
187 
6 
611 
19 5o87 
7 397 
25 
6 U T T 
157 
I! 
I 
ISO 
15 16oo 
I 
52o l l 
41 
7 531 
12 1687 
9 
6 
38 
3 
568 
13 ‘ ITO 
6 
SIO 
8 
14o 
18 
373 
9 
467 
2 
7 
588 
2 
Z277o 

TH 
12 
U H 
28'/. 
5 '. 
33 
68 
19'/. 
JU 
7H 
33*. 
44 
34 
67'/. 
W H 
TH 
U H 
2o 
4o 
21 
IO 
18'. 
34H 

W H 
72’. 
88 
ISH 
SBH 
92’. 

BU 
I I H 
U H 
76*. 
4 W 
32'. 
BTH 
W H 
J ’. 
7H 
3 3 '. 
4 2 '. 
317. 
65 
18+. 
TH 
14 
W H 
38 H 
2 o '. 
9H 
U H 
33’ . 
I U 
ISH 
J IH 
86' a 
I IH 
SBH 
91'. 
Z43Io 128H 125’ a 127 

7 W f 
H l l 7. - t . 
U H + 
' . 
77 
- 
H 
S '.+ v. 
33 
+ 
W 
BTH 
1 9 '.+ i) 
3H 
T H - 
' . 
33H— 
' . 
43 W— 
' . 
33 
- 
H 
65’ >— 1H 
W’. + 
H 
J H + 
14’. 
2o 
+ 
4o 
+ 
21 
9 H - 
17H— 
34H + 
SH— 
W H— 
JIH — 
86' a + 
18H + 
86' )— 
91U + 

24 
171 l l 
31o 
7 
117 
IO 1522 
12 
La P a cif 
2ob IO 112! 

Yearly le w 

 i n 

Si 
GU SU pf 5 Of) 
J' a Guiton 
OSe IO 
151 
3 
M W Y 
12 
77 
27 '. HackW 
2 8o 
8 
8 
U H H a llF B 
76 l l 
697 
U H H a llP rt 
8oa 
7 
19 
48U H a llib rt 
I l l 171o 
16'. H a m rlP I JO 
7 
511 
ISH Man JSe I 49e 
19o 
WW Man J In I 88e 
1o5 
3H H andlm n 
2o l l 
158 
18H MandyHa 
8o 7 
191 
U H Hanes 
I 
36 5 
173 
43*. Hanna 
I 
8o I 243 
21'/. H a rB rj I 
44 8 
66 
BH Hardees 
7 
145 
U H H arm an 
5ob 9 
687 
U 
H arnishf 
8o 
7x674 
12 
H a rrah 
3oa 
8 
65 
31H H arr Bk 
I 5o 
7 x42 
26H H a rris 

S aw , 
(hd» ) H igh la w 

T i*. LouisGs I 92 
9 
U H Low pnsl 
(O 
5 
3 o '. L u b ri/o l I IO 13 
13 
LuckyS 
68b 13 
BU Ludlow 
4o 
9 
27 
LukenSt I 6o 
8 
"a n i l 
L 
I 
12’ . 
I IH 
12 
F 
28' a Lykes pf2 5o 
4 
LvnCSys 
3o ll 

1o2 
422 
437 
99o 
1o4 
433 

374 
44o 

27’ . 
27 W 
29". 
ISH 
287. 
15'. 
MV. 
IJ H 
337. 
16'. 
77» 
33H e s 

31*. 
8 7. 

27 

2j^ : 
U H 
27W 
U U 
25*. 
I I H 
32*» 
157. 
7H 
32' a 

3! 
TH 

2 7 ', 
77 7. + 
27*.— 
15W + 
77*.— I 
14*.— 
25 7e— 
12 
— 
33’ a + 
16H+ 
7H + 
33H * 
. 4 o 

31+. + 
I H + I 

IU 

WW Harked I 4ob 
6 
369 
24W 
8+4 H art SM* 
TI 
9 
423 
M U 
17’ a H erteHk to 
12 
43 
2 8 '. 
15 H 
Haft Se I 44a 
12 
41 
MW 
TO 
HawnEI 
I 88 
8 
56 
24W ll*/. 
HayesAib lb 
S 
44 
M G 
3 '. 
Hazel tn 
OSe 
4 
75 
IOU 
6*. 
Hecks 
12 
I 
799 
8W 
IOU HeclaM 
3ot 
7X 
ISH 
9 
H eilm B 
64 
I 
IX 
MW 
26' / H ein/H 
I X 
I 
372 
33W 
IS' 7 Heinz p f l TO 
IMO 
31W 
4*. HeieneC 
6 
416 
5W 
18' 7 Heller int 
92 
8x31o 
19*. 
SI 
H lle r p f 4 OZ 
I 
82 
X " . 
H elm erP 
4o ll 
254 
49W 
IU 
HemCap l l 
2 
6W Hem Inc 
66e 
27 
• V. 
23'. Hercules 
I 
IO 1184 
24 
18’ ; Hershey 
I 12 
6 
3o5 
?! W 
7*. 
Hesston 
179 
9 W 
ISH Hestn pf I to 
34 
IT *. 
26H Heubiln 
I 32 
9x1425 277. 
68H H ew itP k 
4o 2o IHS 74W 
4’ a Hah Volt 
OSe 18 
172 
TV. 
17’ a H ille r bd 
82 8 
139 22H 
IS 
H ilton Htl 
92 
9x5o4 21*. 
WH Hobart 
92 l l 
547 717. 
5 '. MoMEIe 
24 7 
37 
BH 
1oH Holiday 
4o IO 2o5o U H 
W 
M lidyA I 
Tot 
21 23 
26 
HollyS 
7 4o 
4x 536 32 
247» Homestk I 21 U l t 
437/, 
22 
37 V 
18*i 
IM 
U H Hosp Aff 
TOU HONOCpA 
I U H o s iln tl to’ . Houdail l r a H o ugV if 
TU HousFab 
IS*. HoushF 

Honda 
IV 71 
39o 
Mony w it I (O IO 4347 
H oovBB I 12 
7 
1o6 
Horizon 
37 
4o 
4o 
9oa 
IU 
32 
I TO 

114 
7 
151 
8 
529 
7t 19! 
6* 239 

35’ a HOUF pf 2 37 
79J, HOUF p*2 SO 
TOU Houslnd I 76 
25 
HOUN NG 
TO 
9 ', How John 
32 ll 
H ubbrd I 2o 
14 
HudsnA 
BO 
U 7» HudsnB 
8o 
4' a Hugh Ha* 
4o 
34 
HughsTI 
5o l l * . Humana 
SO 
IO '. HuntCh 
34 
13*. M uttnEF 
BO 
IO7. Huy ck 
6o 
ICIndS 

1ox1171 33H 
8 2ooo 
IO '. 
12 
66 
W H 
66 
IO l l * . 
67 
I 
W H 
6 
25 
TH 
13 
571 
397. 
IO 
355 
U H 
13 1567 
IS '. 
4 
39o 
U H 
11x774 
U U 
7 
532 
23'. 
ISI 

I H 

33H IC Ind pf 3 5o 
75 
IC Ind pf 
6 
12 1o3 
3 
IC N P h a 
IO 1472 
BU 
34’ a I NA Cp 
2 IO l l 1o38 
42H 
WH IN A ln 
I 59a 
9H IU Intl 
9o 
26U I U lm A 
15' a IU Int p l I 25 
26 
Idaho!5 
2 16 
13'. idealB a I 2o 
BU Idea Toy 
32b 
22' a IUPowr 2 2o 
U 
I 
V. 
1 a 
o 
25H 
25+. 
25 H 
24' a ii Pow p*2 21 
25’ a IIPow pl2 35 
46' a IIPow pf4 12 
41 
IIPow p*3 78 
SO 
IIP ow pf4 47 
21 
ITW 
56 
IOU Im plC pA 
24 
25' . I NCO 
I 4oa 
4 *. in cC a p 
8 ’ . IncCCu 
88e 
66 
In d iV pf 7 OI 
67' a tn d 'V pf 7 76 
76’ a In d iV pts 66 
IOT 
In d tV p l 
17 
19 W m d 'Gas J 12 
2o in dpiP L 
I 9o 
77 
In PL pf 6 25 
12’ a IndlN at 
I TO 
BH InexcoO 
65 
Inger R 
2 8o 
44U IngR pf2 35 
24 
I rin d Con 
I 
4t 
InlnoStl 2 6o 
7*. Inm ont 
BO 
8 *. Insilco 
88 
12*. Insil p tA I 25 
2ov. in spC op 
In stln vT r 
7 inteqon 
36 
38U Interco 
166 
3H In lw c tD 'V 
25 '. In te rla k 2 2o 
223H IB M 
18' a In tF la vF 
22*. In fH a rv 
32*. IntV m C 
BU In tV n g 
IS*. Int V o lt i 
S IH Int Paper 
5*. In tR e ctif 
T in IntT T 

113 
W H 
1o 2o88 
U H 
15 
36 
2 
2o 
9 
.o8 
28'. 
9 
452 
21’. 
5x16o 
I U 
11 
487 
26'a 
I 
I 
P o w 

Z25o 
29U 
/IOO 
79 
/37o 
SI 
/37oo 
AT 
/IOO 
54 
14 
221 2 4 '. 
5 
885 WH l l 1792 J IH 
3o 
7 '. 
99 
IO '. 
211 
7 9 '. 
19o7o 
SBW 
/TITO 
96'/) 
Z85o ITI 
7 
7 76H 
IOX 466 74H 
XI 
9o 
7 x 74 IT 
74 2776 
TOH 
14 
446 73H 
WO 
49 
8 
HO 
28'*) 
9 
551 
A in 
9 635o 
22H 
7 
325 
15 
21 
W H 
656 1o6 
76’ . 
174 
!W 

IntT T pfH 4 
42' a IntT T pf J 
A 
41U IntT T p fK 4 
47 
In tT T pfO 5 
IT H IntTT pf2 TS 
45*. IntT T pf4 SO 
23U Intrpce 
165 
64 tn trp ce p f 
5 
WW IntrpG p I to 
IAH In trsP w I 45 
24 
InPw pf 2 28 
4U InfrstU n 
WU Iowa Bf 
U U lO w a E 1 1 AO 
ITW lo w a iiG I 84 
74U low III pf 7 JI 
JI H (OwaPL 2 IO 
ITV* lowaPS I 8o 

2o7 IO' a 
IO 
US 4o 
MU 
TO 
TH 
7 
97 36 
34M 
IO W 7795 284)4 271 
44 
19 1959 JOU 
19' i 
1 85 
6x 3234 34 
32Vt 
2 4o 
6x1935 43'/) 
41V 
2o 
I 491 W 
17 
BS 
7 34o WW 
17'; 
7 
Kl 2o57 58 
55' 
2o 
AT 
6 '. 
57* 
9 5854 
32H 31V. 
14 to 
59 
12 57 
SS'. 
673 S5H 
53'; 
12 6 3 '. 
62'; 
895 39'a 
M 
35 61 
SYV, 
T u t XI 
79M 
XI 
TI 
TI 
7 
98 
3 3 '. 32'*, 
9 
136 
U U IT t o t o 25H 
25 
24 
24 
568 
6 *. 
BU 
4 
463 
7 6 '. 74 
9 x 49 
U U 
WW 

IpCOHSp itefcCp 
I HICO 

OSe 

J - 
- I. 
IS*. JemasF 
8o 
IO 
1o4 
WU 
13*. Jam zen 
8o 
6 
52 
U 
7’ a JapanF 
96e 
195 
BU 
74V, j^ fP iio t 
IO l l 
534 tov. 
36 
JerC pf 
4 z3S3 
45 
IT 
JerC pf 9 36 
/TSO 1o7*. 
TV a J erC pf I IT z29» 
97’ . 
Ti 
JerC pf 
8 
1379o 
93 
AO’ a JerC pf 7 l l 
/to 
88 
HOU JerC p fU 5o 
/476o 121' 
IOO1 a JerC pf l l 
/SJO ' 12'; 
W U J tw e iC I 3o 8x 1ooo TSH 
3W J e w c lc o r 
I 
ISS 
4 '. 
73 
Jhn V a n I 4o 12 2664 
JJU t i * JohnsJn la 2o U M 
TI . 
9V. John.E F 
IO HO 225 
U h 
ITW JohnCn l i b 
9x28 4 
36'. 
26*. JhnCont p l J 
,3 
63' ; 
U U Jon I ngn 
6ob 6 
177 
UM 
St 
JOnLaopf 
S 
/JIO 
58 
WW Jorgen l a 
82 TIM 
W 
Jo*tens 
IO 'o 
766 
TO ) 
37 W jo y M fg I 3o 17 1o37 
44 M 
IU J u s tic e V 
65 
7 
79 
K I V A ir 
9 
2o 4o ) 
77' a K aivr Al 
I 2o IT U44 
37'; 
39*. K e iA l pf 2 37 
/2 .o 
44'; 
SOU K a'A l pf4 12 
7 
67 
ST 
Kai S7pf4 75 
7 
O 
ST' a Ka. 56p»4 7S 
I 
72 
SH KaisCem 
SO IO 
385 
UM 
17*. ka'C e p f! 37 
W 
W*. 
24 
KaiCe pf 7 $o 
$ l l ' ; 
VU k an e V .l 
M 
5 143 
IM 
WU xaneb 
I l l 
457 
347< 
25 
K C tyP L 2 46 
I 
UT 
26M 
4 lH KC PL pf3 8o 
/IO 
45' 
41 
K C P l pf4 35 
/IOO 
ST 
49 
KCPL pf4 SO 
/IOO 
57 
77' 4 KCPL p47 JI 
4 
27' ; 
IS 
KCSoufn lr 
I 
67 
33'; 
6 *. X C So-I pf I a46o 
17 
11 kanG E I I 76 
I 
MB 
JI*; 
W H K a n N b I 46 I * JA} 
JJU 
IS 
Ken P l I I TO 
I 
VS 
TO7. 
» a K a P i pf2 32 
76 
21 
J 
K a ty Ind 
256 
IM 
U U K aty p f! 46 
36 
22 
BU Kau * Br 
o6e U 
BW 
Th 
14U K K AU F 
P F 1, W * 
H 
W . t 
W 
TU x aweek. l l 
9 
I I I 
4H 
Keene 
JO 7 
IIT 
'O', jv . K eller JO 
7 
77 
TM 
TO xeiio g g I lo U 
STI 
25 u 
KenvKf so s a i 
W* 
JOH K e nnm ll 
96 IO 
IVO 
25 + 
M U kennel 
6oe 1oo15W 28h 
» 
X y U * ii 
I 64 
I 
123 
77+ 
13 
Kerr G in 
4o 
5 
4o! 
U h 
ACH X e rrV c I 25 13 
IJS 
7o+ 
WW K e yste rs la 
6 
27 
IIM 
U U KiddeW 
I X 
6x 725 77 + 
41 
K.dde pfB 
4 
5 
At- 
43 
K idde pf C 
4 
24 
48 
M U X.tmbCI 2 2o 
I 
I U 
44’ < iv . K.ngDSt 
4o 
I 
ISI 
U + 
IT*. Kirsch 
9o 15 
IU 
ISM 
J I '. K m gtR d 
72 l l 
IS 
34* 
I U koehr.n 
SO, 
6 
5W 
»M 
28 
Koeh pf J 75 
*2 
34*. 
2o 
Koppers 
9o 
9 
ATI 
24+ 
5o 
K opprpf 
4 
1 19o 54' 
JU K o racrp 
4 U t 
7+ 
4ov. K ra ft 
J J? 
9 9 79 
45' 
J I '. KresgeS 
32 W 16.69 
35+ 
IO 
Kroehler 
25e l l .39 U * 
ITH Kroger 
I 44 
7 
678 
76+ 
21*. K uboia 
42r ?3 
257 
74' 
4' a X asor 
BO 
I) 
1o4 
U 
JU I F F Cp 
W 
67 
5 
4H I F F p f so 1 6 ' 
IO 
L T V fp 
S 1o4J l l ' . 
I J U IT V A 
351 l l 15' 
.J a I TVCp pf 
5 
TO 
51' 
U U I ac Gas 
1 66 
6 x 3o 
71' 
12 
I a m ie s I IO 
I 
ITI 
22' 
I V . ta n , A ry 
IO 
• 
JU 
U * 
• ' a la w trC h 
4o W 
Bk 
IO' 
BH I ear Stag 
5o 
T 1263 
15 
TSH te a rs pf2 25 
33 
39' 
2 4 '. le a aw 
I JO 
9 
679 
3o' 
1oW I eeasN 
6ob l l 
227 
247 
17 
Leesona 
TS i 
61 
2o* 
IO*. I ehPC I 
I 
9 
IM 
W' 
H I abv a lly 
I I I 
IU 
IOU I Vin pf I 5o 
2 
U t 
1o’ a I atman I 25e 
7o4 
IU 
4U te n n e r 
82 
6' 
I * 
I M in . 
I 
I a w t i 

U h 

25*. 
BW F 
W 
26 • F 7'a 
16W 
1 a 
2 2 ')F 
27 
' * 

25*. F 
+. 
7 1 '. u 
S ')F 
16". — 
+4 
14 
— 
' ) 

 l f * . F w 
IT 
F 
1 a 
• +. F u 
M i — 
' • 
44 
— I 
1o1 
— 
I' > 
YI 
F 
I 
93 f 
4 
88 G F 
>. 
•M H F 
7 ', 
I U ' t - 
I 
24W-- 
H 
4 
* 
+4 
J IH — 
1 a 
TOW F 
IH ll 
— 
<, 
3 5 "« - 
W 
83 7 F 
I 
14+.- 
H 
3 
7 
V I 
I H F 
H 
M H F 
44*. 
* r 

2 
F 
"a 
4o J F 
'» 
M H F 
+4 
44 7— 
H t i 
F 
I 
9 
* 
BH 
T i 
4 
2 
H U F 
W 
WW 
'» 
J I H f 
H 
6' ) - 
*4 
J IH 
TYH 
I 

45' i 4 
2 
53 , f 
IU 
P 
F f7*» 
J 

JJH F 
U 
12 
- 
I . 
JI W F 
H 
J JU 4 
K H 
11 

IT H 4 
I 
J1+. 4 
TH 
"a 

'. 7 

W W 
W 
(Ow w 
YU 
74 ) 
I BV) 4 
75 
- 
. 4 
H 
P ' • 
I 
2 2 '. 
U H 
H 

47*. 
TH 
W H 4 
* , 
V t 
W 
BTU- 
*. 
44*. 
I 
44 
+ 
*4 
U W F w 
IAH 
■a 
JAW 
W 
IS H — 
H 
IJ H 4 
'/» 
M H F 
H 
5 4 ') * 
IU 
I 
- 
W 
4SWF 
*/. 
JJU 
M u 
I 7. 

I * ' . - 
'« 
24 '4 
I* ' »- 
U 
BH 
H 
6 ". 4 
1. io n — 
WW 
*4 

 s i 
- 
M 74 u 

J J 
♦ 
IU 
IJ H * 
IJ s i 
- 
M G 
MU 
MW 

 w 

24* • 
I, 
MW F 
I 
16 
* 
I ' , F 
• 
14+. n u 
A 

I, 

M -N -o 
IOU V B PX 
25*. V C A 
3' a V E I 
WW V G IC 
7U M acAF 
2*-. V a c Don 
4' a V acke 
4 *. V a c m ill 
H W V c m i pf 
26 V. V acy 
47' a V a cyp f 
9'a V a d sF d 
4 
VadSqG 
6 *. V a gicC f 
21V, M a llo ry 
2o 
MalOnH 
47. M anhln 
29 
M trH a n 
32*. M A PCO 
TU M a ra tM 
41U M aratO 
' . 
I 
3 W 
9 8 
1 8 W 
8 *. M ar M id 
U U M arionL 
28' a M arley 
IO 
M a rrio t 
52'a M rsh M cl 

U U M a ryK 
K U H 
Mrl< 

19 
M ascoCp 28 2 1415 
21H 
IT 
M ason.! 
BO 
13 
326 
21 
9 *. M asM 
I lie 12 
146 
16'. Massy F 
Ie 
3 2474 
147« MasCp 
I BO 
89 
IO' a M eslnc 
96e 
393 
W H M atsuE 
29e IO 
AO 
AH M attel 
S 1oo6 
25*. M ayDSt I 12 
9 
612 
2 5 '. M eyerO n 8o IO 
13o 
2*. M aysJW 
156 
24 

« a 
)V n w 
IO7* 
H U F 
* , 
1b 
7 
TM 
37". 
36W 
JAH— v. 
S 
2o8 
BW 
BW 
BW— 
H 
M 
14 1383 
IAH 
16*. 
16+) + 
W 
6ob 
25 
197 
9W 
TU aw F 
H 
5 
81 
5 
BH 
BH 
36 
6 x88 
BH 
A 
B U F 
H 
X 
7 
626 
9 ") 
9H 
YW + 
H 
I 2o 
J 
18 
18 
IS 
I 3o 
7 
581 
34 V. 
33 
J3+)~ i/4 
4 25 z37o 
53 
52 
52 
- 
I 
77e 
632 
U U 
I I H 
12*4 + 
IO 
819 
IOU 
9W 
IO' ■ + 
SH 
X 
8 
269 lo w 
YU 
9 U — 
"« 
I 
14 
764 
37+) 
35W 
36 
- 
V ) 
66 l l 
2179 
23". 
22W 
23 
X 
4 
184 
8". 
TH 
I 
+ 
' a 
I 92 
I 
15oo 
39H 
38 
39 
+ 
') 
I IO 14 
6o6 
43W 
BIV. 
43 W F 2 
12e 
3 
292 
U H 
U H 
D U ­ 
') 
2 2o 
9 227o 
58W 
56 
SA H - 
7. 
M 
I r e rn t 
6 o 
K 
I . H 
H 
I 
8 
W 
F 
7. ro 
12 
937 
13H 
U H 
D G F 
W 
52 
13 
495 
15 V. 
MW 
M H F 
* . 
I X 
7 
195 
5oW 
BBW 
X U F 
IU 
ISI l l 
3945 
1o+4 
IOU 
1oWF 
"« 
L 
2 
IT 
8o1 
57W 
55 
56+. F 
IV. 
I 24 l l 
214 
19H 
ISH 
19 
I X 
7 
595 
24 W 
73W 
24 W F 
' n 
4o 
13 
172 
IAU 
IS 
16H + 
W 

U H 
WW 
U U 
U H 
22’ ) 
5W 
TBH 
25+. 
3’. 
32H 
15H 
Ma ytg I 5oa 13 
724 
M cCord 
84 
6 
1o2 
Mc Der 
I 6o 
4x2313 SOW 
Mc Dnld 
IO 
16 4189 
4SW 
Mc DonD 
5o 
7 1o9o 
McDonh 
9o 
6 x3! 
M cG Ed I BO 
9 
4o9 
M cG rw H 
*o l l 1544 
M G H pf I 2o 
XU 
I 27/126o 
13H McKee 
9o t9W M cLean 
46 
IS*. Mc Lout I 2o 
9 H M cN eil 
8o 
16*. MeadCp 
97 
35*. Mea pfA2 8o 
36*. Mea pf B2 8o 
17 
Medusa I 6o 
ITV, M e lville 
96 
9W Menasc 
8o 
4o' « Mere Str 
ACI 
55'a M erck 
I 5o IT 2525 
IOU M eredith 
8o 
5 
2o 
14’ a M e rrL v n 
8o 
7 15o2 
Mesa Pet 
IO IT 1o55 

138 
32 
69 
52 
1472 
91 
2oo 
38 
17o8 
JU 
IU 

JU 
8 
8o4 
6 
I ! 
7 
457 
6 
125 
Zl9© 
I ACIO 
166 
7526o 
IOO 
I 
26 
77 
IS 
11x72o 
9 
115 

MesP pf I 6o 
6 
Mesab. I J3e 
I6H M esta 
I 5oe 
U H M GM lr 
15 
M etrom I IO 
15' a M IE pfC3 9o 
73’ a M IE P IF * 12 
M tE pf GT 68 
TI7. M 'E p fl 8 U 
73 
M tE p fH8 37 l l ' a MchGs I 2ob 
TBH MhlAi pf7 67 
25 
M hW i pf2 12 
U H M .rro w v 
4o 
12' a M .dC tl 
I 16 
I3v» M tdSUt 
I 38 
I 
M .d ln d M l l ' « M idi Ro 
I 6o 
» ' a M ile sL b I 28 
9 '. M iM Brad BO 
21’ a M innG s I TI 
48’ a M in M M 
I 7o 
WU M innP L I 76 ll * ) M .rro A l 
96 
8 
M issnE q 
48 
H H M PacC 
I 8o 
TO' ■ MOP* Ce I BC 
9 W Mo PSv lb 
24V, MOPS pf 7 44 
AT' a M obil 
3 8o 
3 
M ob.ieH 
U H Mob a SCO 
9o 
3 
M ohkD fa 
WH MohkR 
I » 
18 
M oi yep 
I X 
78 
M oly pf2 5o 
16 
Munch I 2Ua 
6 *. BAonogr 
28 
TW M onrE q 
JO I t 1o39 
73 
Mon san J 8o 
8 WW 
J6U Mon DU 7 4o 
I 
64 
72’ e M onPw I IO IO 
686 
M ont St I 8oa 
M ONY 
96e 
Moor CM 
I 

TOH 
7o’ * 
3 2 '. 
U » . 
78*. 
79' a 
16' a 
2 3 ', 
U H 
ITW 
J I’ . 
55W 
55') 
29W 
25*. 
23 
41 
58’ ) 
WW 
2o’. 
3 .H 
35H io n 
74') 
W H 
79W 
A1 
IV i 
86 
97’ . 
9o 
16 
29' a 
25H 
2 4 '. 
IT 

2o*. 
JOH 
W 
2 o '. 
2o WF 
' 
13H + 
' 
WW 
ITW— 
* 
11W+ 
’ 
7 2 '.— 
'/ 
S '. 
28 
- 
* 
25*. 
3 '. 
J IH — I' 
15*)+ 
'< 
5 o '. * I* 
43’) - 
IV 
2o*. 
19 
- 
' 
3 2 '. + I' 
ITW— 
' 
28*. 
29*. F 
' 
16')— 
' 
2 3 '.— 
' 
1 7 'it 
* 
U H - t, 
71H + 
7 
SSW* 3* 
5 5 ')F I* 
28 H - 
I 
]4 
_ a 
22 W— 
4o’ »— 
5 8 '.+ 
WW­ 
WW— 
33 H — 
35+.— 
1oW + 
23 H ~ 
18 
29 
- 
42 
17 
- 
86 
S IH 

9x2oo2 WW 
785 
7 x96 
9 
821 
6 
31o 
I 
9 
18 7478 
I 
34o 
II 
26 
6 
177 
7x899 
I 
48 
I 
89 
3o 
8 4171 
TBI 
7 1323 
19 
469 
4 
3o 
9 
367 
23 
5 
42 
IU 

M o rg a n 
7 lOx 1369 S2W 
M o t/n u I IO 
5 
168 
IT 
Morse Sh 
5o 

IW 

JU 
7» 
79’ 
5o 
W 
9+ 
7W M fg T rA m 
IJ H M orNor 
88 
4 1 '. M otorola 
84 
JOW M IF UBI 
7 
W 
M tS tTei I 88 
5 3? M i Si T el rf 
J 
M unford 
4o 
SU M untd p l 
.o 
W H M unsnq I OI 
16*. M urphC I 2o 
W H M urpO .I 
IO 
U H M u rryO I 2o 
WU M utiO m I 32 
6*. M yervL 
4o 
23W NCR 
SO 
U H NL Ind 
I » 
IS7. N LT 
76 
S '. NYF 
J 451 
35' ) Nabisco 2 52 IO 
26U NalcoCh 
96 15 
IOU NercoSc. 
6o 
8 
IO*. NashuaC 
68 IO 
IO '. N e tA .rl l l 7. NAv a 
IO' a NafCan 
21 
NCan p fl so 
16' a N IO em 
48 
5 *. N tC ityL 
45if 
25 
N a tD rtr 1 52 
W' • N e 'D si I BO 
67' a N Dist PIA 25 
21 
NatFG 
2 16 
24' a N IF G pf 2 3o 
I U . N a to yp 1o5 
JW Net Horn 
5*. N et m d 
JO 
9' a NI Ind pf to 
H U N tln d p fl TS 
14 
N M dC r 
“ 
TU NM edE 
IS*. N V ineS v 
36 
N a tP rsio 
16'a NtSem.c 
9 '. N S vclnd 
IJ H N Stand 
+1 , N Starch I o8 U 
. 
37*. N a tion 
2 IO 
9 a 
J W Na* Tea 

15o' 
ITB 
3o8 

4 
434 
67 
641 
15 
915 l l 
341 
9 
334 
334 
5 .57 
■ 24 
U 
54 
7 
64 
7 
BTO 
8 >71 
42 
35x812 
IO 1355 
9x18o9 23 
7 
977 
23 
237 
759 
33o 
69 
166 

7 

12W 
U H 
U H 
U U 
22’. 
5 
27 H 
25’. 
3 
31 
ISH 
48W 
43 
WW 
19 
JOW 
U U 
78'* 
28'. 
ISH 
73 
17*. 
U H 
JOW 
53’. 
53*) 
28H 
TSU 
77W 
4o '. 
5 7 '. 
WW 
16 
33W 
34H lo w 
22 U 
U U 
J IH 
47 
86 
•6 
IT H 
19 
ISH 
28*. 
2 5 '. 
77') 
16' a 
WU 
I ' . 
29 W 
24W 
U H 
72W 
51 
2 V . 
17*. 
W H 
43W 
J I '. t i 
25 U 
67 
J 
W U 
6 
2 2 '. 
45H 
55 

IJ H 
WW 
76 W 
I*** 
2 .H t i io n 
44 U 
SOW as 
9H 
3 W 
TO 
ASH 
4oH 
24 W 
H 5 37 
SH 
I U 

I a 

I 
2 9 '. 
25+. 
UW 
72H 
2*. 
22*. 
U H 
U U 
45 W 
TBH 
W H 
26 '. 
69*. 
3U 
I5W 
BH 
77' a 
48 
SBH 
75 H 
U H l l 7. 
TOH 
39 >•a 
24*. 
72’ a 
IOU 
47 

 io n 
JU 
TOH 
47 H 
41U 
74 W 

6 '. 
W H 
2o 
T IU 
23* - 
W ') 
U H 
35H 

5o 71xJ)9 
77e 
57 
3o9 
6 
TSI l l 
I 
76) 
7 
27 
6 
IU 
7 
I I I 
76o 
6 
63 
69 
1ox6o3 
715 
4x46o 

TH 
41 
32 
U H 
WW 
IJ H 
IS 
UW 
TSU 
U H 
9W 
7 7 '. 
TSU 
TTH 
78*. 
TBH 
WW 
4H 

o9* l l 2766 
4o 
6 
771 
5o I) 
157 
2 
7 
9o6 u i m 
I i 
6x364 
I o4 
8 x TS 
91 
UT* 
>9 
14)2 
ITI 
IJJ 
V64o 
/O O 
Z4S3o 
32 
9 
345 
I 
174 

22 ') N atom a I 4o 
$ 
1 J ') Neptune 
NO .o 
IT' . Nev Pyx 
I BO 
S 
15' > NevP pf I 4o 
WW N e vP p it TA 
J IH NevP pf? 3o 
JOH N evP p fl 95 
19 
N f n q f l I 66 
*7 '. NEnG E I 16 
1o3 a NEO PO IO 
TBH N E nP pf7 76 
25' . NE n o t 
2 AO 
24 
NVSEG ? 4o 
39 
NYSE p f) 75 
21 
NY$E pf? 12 l l 
N ew hall 
56 
23 
N e w e ll 
I BO 
73' a Nyymt pf 4 5o 
IT a N .a M P 
I 24 
J IH N iaM pf 3 4o 
JJU N .aM pt JIO 
36 
N aM pf 3 6o 
AO 
N .aM pt 4 IO 
44H N .aM pt 4 85 
56' i N .aM pt 6 IO 
1o4 
N .aM pf l l 75 
95 U N .aM pt 
IO 4o n 
N >av pf 7 77 l l 
N e g S h r v7e 
22 a N icor 
2 32 
J2H NICOT p fl 9o 
27*. N ortW n I 76 
14' ) N o rl.n 
I 25 
22' . M orns 
2 
24 
W o rrit ay. 
33 
NOA Coal 
AO 
V * NOA M fg 
W H NOA P hi I SO 
7 *. NOC A ir 
U 
H WoCeA.r av* 
9 H Woes*Ut I o2 l l 
Nu OPS I 44 
13*. Nor N G . 7 o8 
7* 
NONG pts 8o 
76 
NONG pf6 4o 
74' > NONG pf 6 64 
95 
NONG p f l 46 
23 a NOS* Pyx I 94 
4o 
NSPyy p f l BO 
45*. NSPyy pf4 IO 
5o a N S P * pf4 SB 
TS 
N S R - p i t IO 
IOT' a NSP p f IO 36 
N S P * pf 7 64 
NSPyy pf 
T 
Nor T el 
.4 

7 iv e 
14 
T V ) 
U H 
27H 
STH 
JO 
ISH 
W H 
48W 
42 H 
4' ) 
4oU w 
23 
W H 
W H as atu aa 
WW 
/167o IOT’ i 1o6 x 21 lo *. 
3o 
9 * 1 
28*. 
46 
24 H 
U U 
Ta7. 
M is 
IT H 
41 
4 ) i. 
BS ss 
69 

6 
WW 
W H 
27 W 
21*. 

' o h 
J6U 
2 7 '. 
IT H 
V t 
46W 
31W 
U H 
UW 
HW 
U H 
U H 
247) 
W+. 
9 
7 6 '. 
74+. 
TI W 
76W 
26'-. 
16 
4W 
BW tow 
14 
IYH 
U H 
TSH sow 
W' a 
WW 
U H 
47+. 
41W 
4*. 
36 a 
U H u h 
W H 
IYH 
24+. 
JIG 
J IH 
WU 

 to 
436 
• r n 
62 
76 
741 
2 n u 
/JO 
IT X 
171o 
/ITO 
/BOO 
ZUO 
I TSO IU ' 
/JOUT 

 l l 
25 
3 u N o rth g a te 9? | 
22’ . Nor th ro 
J 
9 
23 
N WM Aiel 
SO ■ 
43 U NWI BTH 
I 62 
J4W W yytfnr 
J 
?4 H N W I£ n r ct } 
32 '. W wtlnd 
2 76 
14' a N wsl Ind wf 
7) 
N w 'ln pf 4 2o 
24 i. N w lP pf? SO 
6' a N w M l ie Ie 
2 7 '. Nwt SHA I 2o 
TSU N orton 
I IO 
IS 
Norton wt 
U H Nor Si rn 
6ob 
3 8 '. NOUS p f l AO 
U' a Nucor 
32 
6 *. OKC 
I TO 
7*. y a k m d lo 
Oak pf I 75 
U ' * O ekiteP 
I 
13' a QccidPet 
I idPei w f iP pf 2 16 iP p i) BC iP pf 
. 
P pf J SO 
I 3o drs o* I ft* 

 tao to 
4 
I 
148 
I 
7 
96o 
5 
JO 
6 
1o5 t i to 
2oo 
W) 
7.2H 
6 
147 
1o8 
I USI 
7 
931 
T 
ASI 
I too i m 
I OO 
/ iio 
9 
I U i t IO 
I IOO 
/IOO 
/SITO 
I AO 
/MOO 
/SJO 
II 
WB 

844 

W - 
HW 
W H 
28 
31*. 
16 
48W 
24' > 
64 « 
4' • 
3JH 
JU 
I ' . 
U U 
'I U 
W a 
6) 
M U 

. r 
2o7. 
45 
52 
SB' a 

I# * * 
M W 
OB 
3o 
I S 
46 H 
1ox16o? 24 H 

 t i 

1 
?' 
7x611 
41 
7 
IS 
I 
Si 
J 
46 
7 
35o 
W 

6 
116 
6 
IS! 
I 
TSS 
66 
9 
*1 
9 6619 
U U 

 i i 
Si 
124 
6x246 

I M 
I 
36 . 
IS H 
17 a 
M ' > 
1)6' a 
TTH 
UH 
I * 1* 
M U 
35*. 
WW 
4oH 
76 
WW 
ISH 
U H 
W U 
T IU 
U H 
47*. 
84 
8? 
27 
27H 

14 
28 
66 
23*. 
ITW 
TTH 
OS') 
U ‘ a 
J7H 
M U 
4?' a 
45 
54' ) 
67 
IIT 
IIT 
15 l l 
IT H 
IV 7 
29' ) 
W' a 
47W 
74 
SI 
JW l f ' . 
J a 
IU tow 
II 
45 
63 
M U 
SBW 
IO?' a 
TIU 
44 
SI 
SBG u tw 
9o 
65' a 
IYW 
5*. 
47' a 
23W 
MU 
M u 
U H 

JJU 
I I I 
77 W 
IIH p H 
35 
35 
I ) . 
36W 
24*. 
U U 
U H 
TYH 
ISH 
U H 
ITW 
4o' x 
76', 
77' 7 
76W 
V t 

8 9 - J 
ISH — 
2 8 + .- 
25 H F 
24’. F 
W H 
WW - 
IW * 
79' a * 
25 H + 
U U — 
I I H F 
5 2 * ,- 
22 f 
12W F 
IT 
F 
4 5 '.+ 
JOH- 
W H 
M u ­ le H F 
J '.F 
IS *. F 
6 
- 
7 2 '. 
4 7 '. 
$5 
- 
7SH f 
U io — 
H W — 
TBH 
367 a f 
7 4 > .+ 
22W f 
IOU 
46W F 
S IH — 
25 
- 
IO 
- 
3W - 
7 o ' * - 
46+m - 
41 
— 
7 4 G - 
3 y 
IV. 
6 r ~ 
W H 
W H — 
M 
I I H f 
W G 
I I H c 
M ' a— 
W * ~ n n - 
TW 
47W - 
JI7'. + u + . - 
U H - i r . . 
W H * 
W U - 
25' a F 
17’ a f 
9 
— 
267» f 
247 * 
71W 
TOW * 
U H 
W U * 
4W 
6 *« F 
IO7. 
Si 
21W 
U H f 
2 2 *. * si - 
W H 
IS t i 
_ 

**ai*h . 
4 *9 
4o . < 
14 
C 
22' a- 
I I M 
16' a 
25 
A 
2 IH 
2 IH 
W U . 
1o6 
1o 

Stock Symbols 

Sales figures are unofficial. 
U nless o th e rw is e n o te d .ra te s o fd lv id e n d s ln th e fo rt- going table are annual disbursem ents based on th e ta tt q u a rte rly or sem i annual declaration. Special or am ra dividends or paym ents not designated as regular are identified in the follow ing footnotes a - Also e xtra or extras b -Jinnuai rate plus stock dividend c —L iq u id a tin g dividend e—Declared or paid 
In preceding 12 months i— b a d e r ador paldafterstock d iv id e n d o s p iitu p j — P a id fh is y e a r.d lv id e b o o m ltta d , deferred or no action taken at la tf dividend m eeting a - Declared or caid th is year. an accum ulative issue w ith div.de ndsina rrears n—New issue r —D eclared or pa id I np re c e d in g U m o n th s p l u ts to c k d l vid e n d f —P a id 
In stock In preceding 17 months, estim ated cash value bn ex dividend or ex d is trib u tio n date 
• ( x —E x dividend or ex rig h ts y —E x d iv id e n d end sales in fu ll 
/ — Sales in full c id —Called wd -When distribu ted w i -W h e n issued w w —W ith w a rra n ts xw —W ithout w a rrants xdis—E x- riisfrlbut.ort v |— m ban krup tcy orre celvershlporbein gre org anl/ed. under the B a nkru ptcy Act, or securities assumed by such com panies 
Where a spilt or stock dividend am ounting to 25 per cent or m ore has been paid the year's high low range and dividend are shown tor the new stock only 

Yeorly 
High low 
21 
47’ ) 
54' ) 
54 
STH 
84') 
86'/. 
95W 
98 H 
I13H 1o2* 
116’ ? 1o3 

WW OhioEd 
I 7o 
39’ j OhEd pf3 9o 
44*. OhEd pf 4 4o 
AA 
OhEd pf4 44 
45G OhEd pf 4 56 
7o 
Oh E d pf 7 24 
73H OhEd pf 7 16 
8o 
OhEd p*8 2o 
98 
O *Ed p*8 64 
OhEd pf IO 48 
OhEd pf to 76 

45’ ) 
52*) 
5 2 '. 
57') l l 7. 
8 3 ') 
93’ ) 
M 

91’ 7 
TV 7 OhPw p f8 o4 
87 
67*. OPw pfBT <o 
131') 112') OPw pfA 14 
131V. 116 
OPw p fF 14 
94' 4 
76' ) OPw pf ES 48 
9o 
69 
OPw p fD7 76 
23') 
ITG O klaG E I 48 IO 1334 
11+4 
IO 
O klGE pf 8o 
/ITO 
42H 
2 3 '. Ok!a NG 
2 
45’ , 
3o*. OlinCp 
15o 
37’) 
26U OI in k rtt I IO 
16'/. 
9*4 O m ark 
TI 
2o+. 
9 
Oneida 
84 
13+. 
13 
Opelika 
84 
W H 
13 
O ranRk 136 
ISH 
6* . Orange 
2ob 
36H 
21W OwtMar 14o 
23') 
127» O utlet Co 
8o 
24’ , 
ISH O vernitT 
9o 
29’ ) 
IO U Over Sh 
3ob 
66* . 
4? 
OwenCn 
I 
63' . 
5o 
Owen ll I 2 12 
98 
81 
Own 11 pf 4 75 
IT H 
IB1 a O xtrd ln d 
76 

Sate. 
(hd, ) High law 
9 
666 
19+. 
19’ 
/IOO 
45H 
VWO 
52H 
Z42oo 
52’ . 
/23o 
53H y7ooo 83 
1o1 
84H 
1o5 
94’ ) 
/338o 
98*. 
I STO 11JH H IH 
/9O8o115H 114 
/ 4Q 
91 
91 
314 
85 H 
84’) 
Z189o 129’ . 128 
/74o 129 
ZUO 
93’ ) 
Z221o 
STH 
19 l l ' ) 
42 
4 IU 
36’ ) 
16". 
W H 
13H 
ISH 
I H 
25*. 
23") 
TOW 
27 
66 
55". 
9 o '. 
7TH 

AS6 
19! 
341 
548 
24 x 13 
2o5 
635 
153 
116 
172 
568 
826 
749 
W 
114 

N et lo s t Chg. 
19 W— 
V 
4 5 ')— 
’ 
52H + 
52U + 
S IH — 
83 
+ 
84**— 
M H F 
98 
— 
111"> + 
115HF 
91 
857/e - 
126 U + I 
128'/* 1 2 8 ) F 
G 
63") 
63’ )— 
") 
87 
+ I 
11’) + 
G l l " . + 
H 
38 U 
2 ', 
4oW + 
W 
36H + 
ISH 
1 8 ')— 
13".+ 
1 5 ') + e*»+ 
25 H 
23' ) + 
JOH 
26H + 
64")— 
55 
+ 
6oU + 
7 7 *.+ 

86 
WH l l 
38’ ) 
4o 
35*. 
IS' ) 
18". 
13*4 
W U 
TH 
24H 
J2W 
IY H 
25’ ) 
BJW 
53W 
8 8 ') 
25’ ) 

IU 

H 
SH 

IU 

!» — Q — K 

)H 

46 
. 
2 4 H . 
ITH 
TSU. 
85 ) ' 
14*. 
» '» 
4o 
* 
43G 
4$ 
54 ) I 
69U ♦ 
H T H . 
IU 
- 
85 H f n u 
T H * w . r 

J ? **7 l l ' e— 
4 8 '. ♦ 
7 4 ) 
54 
F 
4 
F 
JJU 
J U 
Th i i 
_ ta 
„ 
BBH f 
63 

4$ 
P 
7 
B u ­ 

 l l 
7 
68 
C l 
♦ 
2 6 '. f 
SU 
49 ) , 

I 4? * : ; 
B u - 
& i 
5o ) 
IT H 
IW 
- 

 l l ' . . 
I* 
IT H 
M U 
J4U 
ITH 
15’ »F 
33 H * 
W H i 
TS7. * 
13*. • 
42*. . 
IJ H * 
II H • 
76*. 
M H F 

9' ) 
58' ) 
9H 
W H 
74’ . 
2o 
39+. 
33G 
24*. 
W H 
82 
W H 
17*. 
I7U 
12U 
CH 
7H 
49H 
WH 
71H 
37*. 
36’ ) 
16*. 
16*. 
23W 
2 4 '. 
BH 
6o*. 
TTH 
55 
56 
1o7’ ) 
97 
HJS 
116 
133+) 
97' ) 
9 9 ') 
37H 
56*. 
77' ) 
35W 
45 
98 
IV /. 
5o") 
STH 
27U 
3 2 ) 
IT’ ) 
IT". 
WW 
8o 
78". 
29 
J IH 
45 '. 
WW 
44 
49 
5! 
SF 
IOO 
9 o '. 
1o7’ * 
1o6 
89". 
IT H 
ITH 
BJG 
SU 
14' > 
M U 
ITH 
J IH 
18' 7 
8 '. 
45 
39' 4 
IT H 
W I* 
23W 
48 
31H 
AH 
9W 
16'« 
19*. 
45' . 
14 
24H 
2 5 '. 
TSH 
TIU 
IIT 
79 H 
3 7 '. 
16 
44 
53 
49' , 
61+. 
A?1 ) 
15 
W’ ) 
IOO'. 
I? ’ . 
• SOH 
19W 
81 
TBH 
31H 
U H 
14*. 
I l l 
1o5' ) 
J IH 
JOH 
?4H 
?4< ) 
ITH 
SO 
JOG 
54 
Bl' i 
63 . 

78' z 
13o') 
94*. 
94' ) 
96 
91 
VO 
6*. 
41 < 
5' ) 
3 6 '. 
B U 
19’ ) 
25' ) 
BW 
45' I 
78 >• 
IU 
TIU 
76 
V ) 
I t 
)o • 

7 ?». 
I I ' . 
ITH 
BH 
TIU 

SU PNB 
35 
PPG 
S '7 PSA 
12H Pac AS 
TO 
Pac GE 
16*. P a c itg 
26H Pac L rn 
24' ) Pac Pet 
2o 
Pac Pw 
13 H PacTT 
72' / PacTT 
BH Pac Tin 
5*. Pa.neW 

4o 
7 2o 

I 24 
7 
I 68 
I 4o 14 
86 9 
I 8o 
9 
I 4o 
9 pf 6 
8o 13 
45e 
3 

7 
111 
7 
539 
275 
117 
8 3757 

12". Pa. W p f I JO 

4o' 
19’ 
44’ 
47 
87 
8o' 
99’ 
1o7' 
IIT ' 
77 
82 
26’ 
41' 
21 
19 

7 X 8 
8ob 
9 
1b IO 
9 
9 
6 

555 
TTO 
741 
1367 
229 
/JBO 
62 
24o 
7o 
456 
9J4 
2o54 
1469 
197 
175 
214 
236 
136 
18 8998 
8 
IOO 
13x648 
213 ll 2164 
8 
487 
/ITO 
/MO 
/ 38o IOO 
/SSO 
97 
/352o 1o7 
HJO 113 

4*. Palm Be 
5o 
3H Pam .da 
12 
4 H PanAm 
291, PanEP 
8 
P a prcft 
12' j Pargas 
17H P ark Dr lOe 
71*. P arH an I X 
I IH P a rk Pen 
48 
TU P a trkP I 75t 
16' 7 P a ylsnw 
4o 
HW Peabody 
2o 
4G Pen Dix 
74b 
Penney 
I 21 
PaP w Lf I 8o 
PaPL o*4 4o 
P a P l p f4 5o 
PaPL pts BO 
PaPL pts 4o 
Pa PL pf 9 24 
P aP L pf l l 
PaPL pl 13 
P aP L pf 
I 
/JIO 
PaPL pts TO 
1o2 
Pennwlt I 8o IO 
2o2 
Penwl pf2 5o 
J 
Pen w l p l I 6o 
79 
Penn/ol I 4o 
8 
922 
75’ I Penn/ p fl 33 
7 
76 
Penn/ pf 88 
/ 4Jo 
5 ". PeopDrg 
X 
9 
96 
34H FWopGs 
3 4o 
7x 393 
68 
PepsiCo J 4o 13 433o 
ITW P e rkE lm 
37 U 1143 
23W Pet inc 
I 6o 
I 
234 
13'. Pet Inc pf BO 
13W P etlnc pf I 
1oH Peter Pl 
8oa 
63' j P etrie 
2 
19' ) Pet rot an 
72 
X ’ . P e trlm 2 Ate 
TSH Phzer 
96 
3 4 '. PF.etpD 
U H PhilaE I 
36 
P hilE pf3 8o 
38 
P h.iE pf 4 X 
39U Ph.iE pf4 4o 
63* v P h.iE pl 
7 
78 
Ph.iE p l8 75 
TO 
P b ilE pf 7 85 
96 
Ph.iE pf9 52 
84' ) P h.IE pf9 5o 
APH P h ilE pf 7 SO 
66' 7 P b ilE pf7 75 
12*. Phi la Sob 8o 
49’ . Phi I M o t 
I X 
3 '. tw it m d 
o5e 
6") P h iimd pf 
49 ) P h illP et I 8o l l 
TW P hillV nM 
6o 
8 
WG P ickw ick 
32 l l 
15 
P.edNG I 44 
7 
4' ) P ie r I 
OSe 
I 
33' 4 P ills b ry I 16 I? 
27W P.oner 
I 44 
8 
14") P io n e rE i 
12 

IW 
54*. 
8". 
WW 
74’ . 
W H 
35 H 
21 
23H 
11 
77", 
14*. 
7 ", 
14") 
12 
4 ". 
4H 
45’. 
W H 
WW 
35W 
35 
WH 
W H 
TOH 
24". 
5W 
43". 
J IH 
S3’ i 
53H 

BW 
53 
TH 
WW 
73H 
WW 
3 2 '. 
JAH 
TTH 
ITW 
TAU 
13") 
TH 
14 l l 
J U 
4W 
43*. 
WW w 
3 4 '. 
34") 
IS H 
IJ H 
IYH 
2 3 '. 
5 
4o+Y 
21 
52+) s r 7 
St' ) 
64H 
1o6 
111 

53 U - 
B U F 
U U — 
23 H 
1 IH + 
J }")— 
27 H — 
JJU . 
IT H — 
77 
— 
1 J W - 
7G — 
U 
— t i w - 
4 
— 
6' 

W 
2H 

IU 
16 
+ 
WW 
34") + 
34 W - 
16") + 
U H + 
2o’. + 
23 W F 

BOW 
71W— 
52H F IW 
53 
+ 
G 
Yf'/y— IH 
65’ . - I * . 
1o7 
111 

7U 
H 

/WO I JOU 126". IM 
+ 

7 
4 
8 t i 
IS 
58 
9 
615 
141 
12 2o75 
2 2o IT HOT 
I 64 
9 1433 
USO 

9o' 
99 
34' > 
S IU 
2 6 '. 
34*. 
42' > 
65*. 
9H 
4 IG 
TSH 
IYH 
J IH 
IT 
WW 
12". 
TSU 
27 H 
25 H 
J IH 
JAH 
IT H 
43H 
49 
5o 
84 
99 
9oH 

M 
97 
33' ) 
49 U 
25U 
IJ H 
41W 
94 V. 
9 U 

89 H F I 
6 7 '. F 
' . 
34+4+ 
' 4 
5 IH + IU 
25W f 
' . 
33 
- 
H 
42 
64*. 
.. 
V t— 
G 

ITO z33o 
1336o 
Z47o 
153 
1o8 IOT'. 
/42o 1o5 
/ 261o 
8 9 ', 
/ISO 
86’ ) 
7 
231 
W H 
12x181? 56") 
IO 
195 
TH rn 
1791 
37 
326 
2? 
771 
589 
755 
99 
635 lh 
7 
35 la 
9 1772 
4o 
9*4o9 
7 
193 
17 U 1739 

M 
ITH 
JIG 
IT 
IA U 
I IH 
TSH 
26". 
JAH 
TTH 
34H 
IT H 
42H 
49 
49 
82*. 
97' ) 
IT G 
^ i Ob * . 1o7 
1o4 
1o4 

46")— 
G 
72W— JU 
IT H — IH 
J IH — 
H 
IT 
- 
H 

12*4+ 
•/. 
7 5 U F I U 
J7 U F I U 
2 4 H - I 
21’. + 
Vt 
34 U — 
H 
I7 U — 
G 
43 
- 
* . 
49 
49 
— 
•« 
84 
F 
I 
6 f 
- I U 
I7 H + 
*. 

ITW 
58*. 
IOU 
JOH 
IT 
TU 
39 
34' a 
IS 
W U i r 7 
34W 
23 

7 
26 
5 
21o 
U 1691 
42 1o3* 
16 
16* l l 
376 
Z246o 
9 
565 

9 H 
M U 
W H 
JAH 
TU 
W H 
25U 
TSU 
TOW 
/HJO 1W U M JH IU ' 

13' 7 Pitney B 
17H P .ttF rg 
31 
P.ftstn 
JO*. PizzaHt 
3 
Pi anRsc 
2H Playboy 
8' * Piessey n e 
I IH Pneum o 
I 
31 u P o laroid 
X 
6 
Pond rosa 
15 W Pope Tai 
8o 
ITV. POT tee 
8o 
66 
P ortr pf 5 SO 
WW P ortG E I TO 
1o2 
PorG p i l l SO 
W U PorG pf 
? BO 
I? 79H 
Pot!left 
64 l l 
357 JAH 
Potm El I 28 
9 158o 
WW 
PotEi pf? 44 
IO 
43 
Poi El pf 4 5o 
1136o 53 
PotEi pf4 o4 
/ 4oo 47 ) 
Pot El pf 5 46 
/BIO S*H 
PotEi pts SO 
HJO 5*+. 
P rem ier 
48 I 
BO 
IJ H 
P rem r pf 9o z 
IT 
P ro ttrO 
2 6o 15 WOS 13*. 
ProdRsh 
48 I 
116 
I I H 
Prole. 
I AO 
I 
32 JOH 
PSvCoi 
I 46 
9 73W 
W W 
PSCoi pf 7 IS 
/BO l l 
PSCoi pf? IO 
13 74H 
PSvcln 
192 1o 
959 
TAU 
I V . PSind p tl o4 iJOO 
IJ H 
12 
PSmd pf I o8 
/SOJO IJ H 
PSInd pt9 44 
/BOO 1o9*. 
PSlnd p f! 5? 
HO 1o5H 
PSvNH 
188 I 
422 JOU 
FSNM pf? 75 
PSvNM I 56 
ITW PSvEG 
I 8o l l 
7 
PSEG p fl 4o 
B U PSEG pf 4 OB 
4o 
PSEG pf4 la 
4! 
PSEG pf4 X 
48 
I 
PSEG pf 5 o5 
57 
PSEC pf5 TS 
H U PSEC pf2 IT 
TS 
PSEG pf? 43 
PSE p f 17 25 
PS FG o ft TO 
PSEG p f Kl 
PSEG p f* (4 
PSEG pf 7 5? 
PSEG pf9 *2 
4 
P ubic ke r 
74 
I ' a P u e o u 
47o 
JU PRCem 
9 
25*. PugSPL 7 AO 
IO 
IST 
IT H P u ll mn 
I J? 
12 
MA 
U U P u re . I OI 1o.78) 

88 
85’ ) 
W H 
54W 
A H 
I I H 
SBH low 
16’ ) 
IYW 
TH 
37W 
33W 
IAH 
ITH 
21H 
33H 
J IH 
JW 
BW 
IO U 
ITH 
34H 
6 
IT H 
TOW 
TBH 
2o 

88 
M H F 1< 
W )+ 
• 
SBW— V 
7 U + 
• 
12U + 
• 
» 
+ 
’ 
IOU— 
1 
IY H — 
• 
W H 
T H . . 
38 
- 
1 
33’ *— i 
14W— 
I 
17H + 
■ 
21 H F 
I 
JB H + 
* 
22’ . - 
I 
3H — t 
O U - 
I 
I I H 
IS 
< 
JB7e- 
7H + 
U U - 
' . 
24U F 
U 
75’ ) + I 
JOG F 
U 

H 

I 

1o3 u 
IOO*. 
I I ' . 
M U 
ITW 

 l l ) ' 
75 
76 
76' 
TV 
94 < 

I 
/251o 
IO 
564 
8 1X4 
16 
I AO 
/VOO 
I 4*o 
/4+aO 
Z4X 
63 
3o 

IU 

I 
I n i l 
1 + 1 

 i i 

 i* . 

19 
J 
77 
» 
1o3 
15 
IT 
5 
17 l l 

57 
RC A pf 
4W RTE 
14*. R aisPur 
Wa" ad* 
Ranee rn 
Rap'd Ait. 
RapA pf? » 
Rap A pf 
3 

P u re . p it )S 
P ur.m Fa 
P u ro ltr 
I 12 
OuakOat 
92 
OiiaO pt« 56 
Ou#fc SIO 
76 U 7568 
Q u a rt* I JO 
7 
21 
Questor 
1or 
O uestrpfA 2 
RCA 
I X 
RC Apl 

TY1 
IJ H 
23 
IT’ . 
46+) 
48 W 
51U 
59W 
61 
25*. 
IT H 
IBIO U T U 
/S5oo 
9oW 
273 
92*. 
149o 
91W 
IT? 
M U 
/TIO IOT 
Ta 
SU 
JW 
JW 
I ) * . 
34 
16 
TS 
J 
73W 
22H 

I 
5 
241 
6 
47! 
6 119o 
/aoo i i i 
19 

S3 
I 
13x4571 
5o y 79o 
4 
■ IT 
26 17 
1o1 
4o l l ATTO 
o6c 
19x711 

“ # s 
4 
R a yM t 
I ‘Ob 
6 >65 
R a y n n d 
8o 
7 
JO I 
Ray mn 
I X IO 
946 
ReadBat 
IO 
5x43o 
Redman 
4o 
JIT 
Ta 

WI 

 r 

 id m 

5 

98 
71*. 
J9‘ ) 
MW 
T IU 
9 W 
19*. 
3 *. 
4 o ', 
34*. 
21 
TBH 
21 >. 
44 l l 7. 
X* i 
TI 
S I' I 
AYU 

4 ? ', 
VI 
41' I 
ISH 
IV ) 
IT H 
I I H 
J IH 
79 
WU 
TOH 
J IH 
27*. 
U U 
K H 
119 
W* ) ij » » 
J4W 
IS H l l 
TA*. 
I U 
27*. 
6 
24U 

45*. 
X *. 
U n 
IS' 

ReeceCp 
. 
II a ReevsB I 
44 A 
• “ i v . 
Re. cb Ch Ta I 
T 
R e.abS I 
Al 6 
■ l l 
R e tn fl 
I W l l 
Re) E l pf 
J 
RetlnGp 
6 
ReiGp pf 55k 
Re.Gp pf 65k 
Re. In p l J 68 
Rep u PC 3> 
IO 
R ep/ mS 
I 
* 
R e p M fg 
R e p in 
I AO 
I a Rep Tex 
I 2o 
I, 
TW R e p . 
17 + 
77. 
36 lh 
» to 
J I’ 
I 
Bt 

Rep ,o.1 
RevcoDS 
Revere 
R e vlo n 
H exham 
Rex..rd 
' 44 
Rexn pf 2 SO 
Rex., pf j ja 
R eynln 
J 28 
Rey In pf 7 25 
72 a ReyMef I JO 
SA' / R eyM p f. SO 
IAU R eyM pf 2 37 
6 '. Reyn Se 
4oa 
6 
«*• R.chCo 
I 
7 
TIU Rich Mer 
TO 
9 
1o ) R.chm nd 
I IO 
U H R.eutHT I X 
% 
15 
R to o . an 
TO 
9 ‘ z R io G r p f IO 
IJ' , R .leA .d 
24 
13'. Rot .sh« I X 

JI 

X l l 
429 
♦ 
2o2 
TT 
JAI 
SII 
33o 
M 
74 
94o ll * 
X 16 U lt 
24 W 1)23 
49 6 2o6 
6o U x J 7 J l .o . 

JJU 
BW 
74' > 
29 
45 
7o 
IO*. 
I ISH 
I H 
H IG 
I 
25U 
J* 
MW 
J IH 
VAH 
16'« 
> 
IIH 
J IH 
WW 
YU 
IJ H i fIYW 
IC 
/a w 
77 W 
I * . 
IT' > 
I U 
WW 
12*. 
16 
T I7. 
IYH 

TYH 
IS H 
W U 
43 
SI 
46U 

 f 
’ 
IJ H 
W H 
IJ H 
I I H 
X 
IT H 
IJ H 
24H 
77". 
I JU 
UU 
1o6 
1o5 
X 
W H 
J IH 
JI W 
WW 
46' > 
4IW 
X 
56 
AD 
2» 
27 
176 
16 

* 
: 
IT 
1o5 I 
4 H 
J ". 
J' ) 
MW 
IJ H 
U U 
7?TW 
72U 
J IH 
IM 
IYH 
77W 
BU 
74 I 
TTH 
4JW 
AYU 
9W 
MW 
>W 
IYH 
A7. 

16', 
JA 
W U F 
43 
+ 
S3 
+ 
W t — 
SY 
+ 
S6H + l i n t 
W U — 

11W F so*. * 
W U F 
B J 't-- 
JAH— 
H U . 
U G — 
U 
I } " . — 

H I S ' , 7 
X U F 
26W f 
2 1 U - 
21*. F 
W H 
A l'7 * a i h * 
SV ) F 
SY W f 
A1 
+ 
M U + 
JJU 
IJ T 'IF 
YO 
+ 
61U + 
YI 
— 
•T W * 
1o7 
+ 
S 
— 
J U — 
J+ .+ 
V . 
34 
+ 
1 IH F 
75 
I 
+ t V t ~ 
22 G F 
112 
- 
IYH 
T T H 
I '» — 

 lo w F 

6 H - 

' U t 
K H * 
I 

U 
U u 
IU 
IU 

165 
527 

U 
9 J17I 
4U 
1o 1776 

 ll* 
IT H 
67 
SS 
6 9 '. l l 
4o*. 
9o 
4oU iou 
W U 
74 
JJU 
2o 
26 
W a 

HObr t*n I X 
9 I Rot.ms 
JI lf* > RachG I 28b 
o7 
RachG p i ll 
U G RochTt sea 
9W Roc kowr 
76 
73W Hoc k ar el J JO 
57 
R kln t pf4 75 
K H R k in t p fl 14 
41W Rohm H I 28 
A 
Rohr md 
Robins 
JA 
Hon son 
Rope* 
Rore t A 
Ro-, ar .a 
Rowan 
Roy CCO* 

I 4o 
5 
64 ll 
4oo l l 
M 
BO 
HOWD 
J TP- 
Rubor rn 
48 
9W Russ I ag 
7* 
9 
R refers 
We 

WO 
M 
FVI r n 
YI lo. 1o24 
. I I J I ic 
463 
9 
466 
23'. 
64 
7 } '. 
U 4 | 
WW 
212 
W H 
I too IIT 
92 
WW 
TW 
749 
6 
J 
IX 
TOI a ll i i 
86 
619 
BSI 
6 
263 
|xW 43 IT 
6 2125 
45 
I) 
IM 
7 
WI 
T I SBS 

 t i 
MW l l ) 

*1 

U n a 
- 

2oW 
SAU 
16*. F i 
+ 
H u ­ l l * * 
W W • uH 
16 
— 
36*. * 
I 
F 
IT H * 
• G F 
IT 
— iv . ♦ 
J) » - 
M 
+ 
W '» 
J I '# ) 
IJ H — 
M U - 
I I 
F 
IT H f 
67 
F 
SS 
F 
M W f i i f 
Bf* t ~ 
M> i 
M U - 
(OF. * 
IAH * 
J IH — 
22*. - 
IY H f 
T Y H . 
W H * 
IAH - t i h * 
M W 
U H 
M '» — 
I W i­ ll . , - 
MW 
M i ­ l l - 
IY H 
BJW F 

 i n 
M u 
54 
WW 
J*. m w 
72- > l l 
YU 
J IH 
M 
W H 
MW 
77 W 
77 
I U 
IT 
IW 
33*. 
J IH 
MW 
M > 
WW 
37 

3 2 
6 3 '. 
54 
BBW 
77*. 
19 > 
M U 

3 “ 
U H 
TIU 
J f 't 
WW 
IT H 
U H 
U U 
22 
U H l l 
W+. 
IW'i 
U H 
U H i i l l 
T H 
Bl 
BH 
BU 
I H * 
H 
X U l|W 
W e - 
H 
4 s h j u — 
* • 
7 3 . 
J J U n u - u 
W H 
WW 
I7H 

23*. 
IO’ . 
U H 

W+ 
|7 H 
WW 
W U 
SBH l l 

I i " . 

SI H F 
JJU 
M U ­ 
ICH 
SBW 
J I 
- 
SOH 
I4 ‘ * + 

( • m l n u h d b b I * a k y i l l 

C o m p l e t e n a t i o n w i d e c o m p o s i t e p r i c e s 
American stocks 

 e x c l u s i v e 
I n 
S a n 
A n t o n i o 

A 
R - c 
Yearly 
Sales 
Net 
Yearly 
Sale* 
Net 
NEW YORK (A P) 
Trading for the week in American 
High la w 
(bds.) High la w last Chg. 
High la w 
(hdt.) High law loft! Chg. 
Stock 
Exchange issues. 
IO’ 8 
6 
BadqrMt 
5o 
8 
32 
IO 
BTI 
IO 
+ 
+4 
72*. 
14+8 CastleAM 
I 
7 
16 toto 
WU 
16+% 
Yxnrlw e „ i.. 
Net 
63n 
4 
BakerM lOe 
6 
IO 
5’ I 
5 
5 
18’ k 
13’ 7 CasFd I Ma 
2! 
18'/. 
IS to ll 
High low 
A 
E PIS bds ) High low lost Chg. 
13 
7'4 
9’ a 
5 
BaldorEl 
BaidwS . 
24 
32a 
6 *8o 
6 
12*4 
6+ 4 
I H I 
AH 
117/8 
6H 
2to 
157/8 
Ito Castletn 
RU Cavitrn 
12e 
13 
14 
124 
952 iv * 
15+1 
I 
12+4 
2U + to 
+ u 
2H 
8’ 1 
4 
4 
96 
6 
SH 
5U + to 
18*4 
I?’ a BanFd I. ISe 
1o5 
17 toto 
16+8 4 to 
7' 7 
+8 CelluCf I 
8 
34 
2H 
2*4 
2*4 
W U 
7 
AA RCp 
36 
7 
IT 
IOU 
IO 
IO 
- to 
7 
'a 
BangPun wf 
83 
1+4 
IU 
IU 
SI 
44 
CenPLpf 
4 
/IOO 
48+4 
48+4 
48*4— 
*4 
8U 
4 'b AA VCOS 
.32 
I 
24 
5*4 
5U 
5 U — to 
14*8 
AU 
Banister 
4o 
5 
722 
12to llto 
11U— 
Vt 
6+4 
4*4 Cen! Sec 
5oe 
27 
6U 
5+8 
6*4 + 
9H 
A’ s APSInc 
.3o 
6 
51 
7 to 
7U 
7 U — to 
6U 
3’ a Banner 
o8 
5 
31 
5*1 
47/8 
5U + 
*4 
3H 
2 
CentryF 
Cenvill 
I i i 
3 
3 U 
3 
3 
— 
*4 
I?' 3 
SU ASPRO st 
A 
153 
12’ 7 ll 
12U + to 
I 
I 
V 7 Barclay 
BarcoCa 
o4 
35 
36 
H i 
1+4 
IU — u 
22+4 
4 
77 
87 
M U 
19*8 
2o 
+ 
I 
IU 
'8 ATI inc 
36 
IU 
I 
1V.+ 
*8 
1 
5' 8 
?U 
12 
8 
27 
3H 
3to 
3+k— 
V* 
23+a 
18+a CerM of 2 25 
*115 
23+/» 
23 
23U + to 
16 to 
8 
AVCCp 
4o 
5 *54 
H U 
H U 
U H ­ to 
5*4 
I ’ a BarnesE 
13 
3’/j 
3 to 
3 U + to 
2*8 
1’ a CertitCp 
15 
Ito 
I 
IU 
IU — 
*8 
13' 7 
4 '* AV XCO 
25e 
AbrdMt 
4o 
7 
19 
12 
H U 
U H — 
*8 
IO 
A'a Barnwl 
2oo 36 
44 
9to 
9to 
9H + to. 
Ito 
+8 Certron 
IT 
36 
I 
I 
+ to 
8 'n 
5’ 8 
12 
74 
6U 
AU 
A U - to 
9+4 
4< 4 BarryR 
12 
6 
157 
5*8 
4+8 
SU. 
2+4 
1*4 Cetec Cp 
12 
63 
?U 
2*8 
2V.+ u 
I 
I 
AcmeHm 
27 
IU 
IU 
IU — 
*8 l l ' . 
5'a 
BarryW r 
44 
8 
HT ll 
IOU ll 
+ 
+1 
7U 
3+8 ChedMi 
X a 
8 
13 
6U 
571 
57/e 
?' 8 
I H 
4 H 
AcmePr 
5 
2 
7*4 
2*4 
2* 4 .. 
4' 4 
7’ 
BarthSp 
2o 
8 *3o 
3*8 
3 
3 
- 
Va 
6*8 
3 
Cham pHo 
5o48 
3*7 
3U 
3H 
9’ 8 
Action 
Mb 
5 
33 
7U 
7U 
TV. 
3 to 
IU 
Bartons 
14 
1+8 
1+4 
1+4 — 
*8 
7 
3' 
C h artM d t 
2o 
5 
4+. 
5 
+ to 
■1*4 
IU 
ActonCp 
17 
74 
4' 8 
3’ b 
3 to­ 
U 
3' 8 
1*4 
B aruchF 
63 
7’ 3 
2H 
2U + 
U 
7*4 
I 
ChrtM d* 75 
IO 
7 u 
I 
7 
5to 
7 
Adam Rs 
8 
71 
4H 
4 to f u k 
V* 
3U 
I 
Barwick 
38 
I 
IH 
2 
+ to 
4U 
2+b Chem Ex 
5 
38 
3+8 
3 to 
3*4 
Id'8 
9 ’ b AdobeOil 
16 77 
159 
W H 
13+4 
14’ a— 
■to 
AU 
7 
Bi'l I Ind 
Ma 
6 
274 
6 
5 ': 
5U — 
V* 
78' 4 
15U 
Ch i R i v I 6oa ll 
3 
25** 
75’ * 
25+% + 
'4 
? 
I 
4U 
AegrsCp 
7 
35o 
1+4 ito 
Ito 
2s a 
V 3 Bel sc IR 
o61 
6 
8 
2U 
2+8 
2 to­ 
*"8 
12+8 
8*. Chief Dev 
13 
135 
H H 
1o*7 toto 
IOU 
AeroFlo 
15e 
5 
23 
9 . , 
8+4 
9’ 7 f 
' J 
7/8 
' a BenStMq wf 
3 to 5 16 to. 
18*4 io u 
ChildW ld 
I 
18 ioto 
IOU toto— 
V. 
3’ 7 v 
Aeronca 
39 
2 
1+4 
I U — 
U 
6 
TU 
Benrus 
5 
158 
3*a 
27-s 
27/»— ’ v* 
4*8 
IU 
Christna lOe 
6 
99 
3*7 
3*4 
3H 
4 *4 
1’ . AftilCap toe 
4 
59 
4U 
4 
4 
— 
1 8 
6 
2' a Berg 
Ent 
144 
71 
2+8 
2+4 
?7/.k 
Va 
A’ 7 
3 + 8 
C .neF ive 
14 
7 
4 
37l 
4 
. . 
9'8 
47b Aff 11 Hsp 
24 
8 
73 
9to 
8' 7 
9 to + 
I 
17U 
4U 
Bergen B 
BrgB pf 
Bern rO 

Id 
142 
5’ 7 
5 
5U — to 
2+4 
1*8 Cineram 
24 
2 's 
I 
2 
+ 
Va 
I? 'n 
AU AffilPcb 
St 
I 
32 
12*8 
17 
12 
+ v* 
79 to 
I? 
15 
39 
13+4 
13' 7 
13+4 
12’ 8 
SU 
ClrcleK 
7o 
9 
252 
12*8 
I IH 
1 1 V - 
'a 
I 
'AH 
3U 
After Si* 
24 x IS 
6to 
6+4 
6’ a + to 
4 
Ha 
4o 
7*4 
2to 
2 to 
9+4 
4*e Citation 
X b 
5 
IO 
8 
7*4 
7*4— 
Va 
A’ 
Alan WdS 
43 
8 to 
7 to 
SU + 
' 4 
6 *4 
4 
Ber lea 
14 
8*148 
6 
5'+ 
5*7— to 
11*4 
7U 
CityGsFl 
68 
5 
14 
IO’/. 
IOU 
IOU— 
V* 
AU 
■JU Alask Air 
I 
86 
4*4 
4 to 
4 to 
6 * 4 
7'a 
BervenC 
o6 
9oo 
3 
2H 
2+8 
TH 
3U 
Clarmnf 
X 
6' 3 
A' 3 
6 * 7 
3 to v ., Al haw.) 
o5e 67 
5 
7U 
7 
2 
4*8 
TU 
BnthCp 
1oe 
13 
3to 
3U 
3 * 4 - 
V* 
3'4 
1+8 Clarke lOe 
6 
5 
2*7 
2to 
2*7 + u 
9*4 
SU A1 col ac 
32e 
6 
69 
6to 
5to 
5 to 
*4 
3*4 
IU 
Beverly E 
7o9 
2+4 
2*7 
?' 7— 
' 8 
12' 8 
A*. Clarkson 
X 
7 
49 
11+k ll to to * 
H 
IO 
4' 8 AllecfCp wl 
77 
8’ b 
8’ 7 
8*8 f 
' j 
WU 
9' A BicPen 
X 
9 
74 
13+4 
12+8 
13+1 + 
*4 
4*8 
3U 
Clarostat 
8 
9 
4' 3 
4' 3 
4U 
V 8 
4’ » AllegAir 
8 
341 
5*8 
5U 
5' a— 
' 8 
9U 
4 
B.qDad 
6 
25 
4' 1 
4’/. 
4> 7 + to 
14*8 
7 
Clausing 
I 
9 
38 toto 
13+8 
14*4 + u 
JU 
IU 
AlleqA wtO 
2o 
7' 7 
2*8 
2*8— 
' 4 
8 
4 >4 BigV Sup 
76 
4 
38 
7’ e 
7' j 
7*/.+ 
U 
9 
4'a ClODav 
16 
5 
25 
7 *4 
7*8 
7*4 + 
' 8 
2’ 7 
*4 AlleqA WIN 
1513 1613 1613 16 
17 ’ 4 
I I 
Bink Mf la 
7 *72 
15to 
15’ . 
I S U ­ 
14 
19 'a 
12*4 Coachm 
25 
A 
251 
W U 
14*7 to 
— u 
78' j 
X U 
AlleqApfC 3 
7 
27' ; 
26’ 7 
27’ j+ 
IU 
18’ 7 n u 
BinnySm 
8o 
7 
169 
17 
15' 3 
IT 
+ 
1*8 
7 
15 Id Cob en Ha! 
6 
IO 
17/8 
IU 
17/8 
MU 
$ 
AllianT 
36e 
5 
25 
5 to 
5U 
5+4 
I 
, H U 
4’ 
Bl essng 
3o 
5 
9 
A’ 7 
AU 
AU 
*8 
3to 
2 
Cohulnc 
ITI 
17 
33 
3*4 
2+8 
2+8- to 
I u 
AlldArt 
799 
I to 
IU 
IU 
' 8 
8' 3 BlOunf 
3o 
I 
*74 
9'!. 
8+8 
9 
'/. 
19' 7 
12 'n Coleman 
68 
9 
723 
177/8 to 
17*4 + 
IU 
7o 'n 
13 u 
AlldThr 
88 
9* 11o 
?o’ r 
14’ 7 
19 to * 
SU 
9’ 4 
4' 4 Bodin Ap 
X 
72 
59 
5 
4to 
5 
+ 
I 4 
4+8 
7' 7 ColonCml 
68 
4 
3+8 
4 
3’ 8 
I 
Alphalnd 
Aitainil 
1oe 
8 
37 
7to 
2*8 
2+4— 
1 8 
IOU 
6' 3 Bolt Ber 
X 
18 
25 
7to 
7 
7to * 
*7 
8' 4 
JU 
ColwellC 
4o 
6 
17 
7+4 
7to 
7U — 
*. 
7U 
3 U 
5 
36 
6H 
AU 
6*8- 
' 8 
29’ 4 
15 
Bo w Vail 
IO 1o7 759 
19’ 7 
18 
18’ . 
V a 
47*8 
31*4 Com.nco 
7 
13 
4 
35+4 
35*. 
35’4 + 
Vt 
7 
I 16 Al tee CP 
115 
I' *15 1615 Id 
16 
15 to 
9' 3 Bowne 
M 
6 *26 ll 
IO' 7 
IO' 7 
*7 
3’ 4 
I to Com Grp 
W 
7 
1+8 
1*4 
1+8 
IS Id 3 16 AltecCp wl 
6o 5 Id 3 16 3 16— 
16 
14U 
A'a BradfdN 
X 
IO 
237 
SU 
8 
8 ' i f 
*8 
13+8 
8 to ComAII 
Ma 
7 
83 
IO 
9to to 
+ 
*8 
TU 
4 
AitecCrp pf 
6 
6 
5+4 
5*4 
5’ b 
2U 
Branch 
X s 
13 
4*8 
4*4 
4 4 
V* 
IT 
IOU Com Mf I 
Mb 
17 
34 
H U 
1o+8 
11U + 
*8 
15' R 
BU Alter Fds 
X 
8 
55 
12to l l ’ 3 
12’ a to 
13U 
7' 3 Bran. f Ar 
WI 
27 
SU 
7to 
T U - u 
7 
3*4 Comdlnt 
4 
2 
4+8 
4+4 
4*4- 
V. 
•19' 8 
43' 7 Alcoa pf 3 75 
*355 
49' a 
48 
48' 3 *■ I 
14' 8 
9 ’ a BrascanA 
I 
3 
252 
I Ito ll'/. 
IIU 
Vt 
IV 7 
6to CoPsyc 
M 
ComPS 
I A? 
7 
6o toto 
9+8 
1oto+ to 
14 to 
4' 8 A M A * wt 
97 
5to 
4+ 4 
4*4— 
1 ? 
2-1*4 
15 
BraunEn 
I 
6 
9 
73'. 
22to 
23’/. + 
+8 
2o 
16'4 
7 
4o 
19+8 toto to v to 
4 '4 
V 7 Am Ayre 
12 
2U 
2*4 
2*4 — 
I 
7’ 3 
2'4 
Bree/eCp 
14 
14 
5’ b 
5’ 7 
5+4 
*8 
IO' 7 
?' 7 Compac 
7 
771 
1o*7 
8' 3 
9+8 + 
I* . 
8 ’. 
6 
Am Bidri 
SO 
6 
15 
8' * 
7*4 
7to 
\ 4 
I8 ’ b 
9' a Brew er C 
176 
11*4 ll l l * . — 
*4 ll' a 
4 
Com po In 
32 
18 
98 ll 
1o*8 t o v — to 
X ' 7 
15'4 Am Bed wt 
268 
19 '4 toto 
191 a + 
I 7 
4' a 
?' a BroDart 
X 
6 
6 
3U 
3*4 
3*4 4 
*8 
2’ a 
IU 
Com puD 
7 
124 
2*7 
2+8 
2H — 
1 8 
IOU 
A’ 8 Am BusP 
X 
9 
18 
7 
AU 
6’ » 
I ,'U , 
3 ’a 
2 
Brody Se 
IT 
15 
2' 3 
2'4 
2to* 
I R 
3 
I Id Com olnst 
8 ito 
Ito lto + u 
I 16 AC. en M ig wl 
19 3 32 3 37 3 32 
14 to 
SU 
BrooksP 
4o 
5 *3o llto 
IOU 
1o7/8- to 
3' a to Com pin v 
74 
1*4 
IU 
IU 
IU 
I 
Am F letch 
33 
1 *4 
IU 
IU 
4’ b 
7 
Brown Co WI 
34 
2' 4 
7 
2 
- 
U 
13+8 
AH Conch rn 
5o 
5 
114 
IOU 
9*4 
9*4 
<4 
IV 4 
5' 
3 H 
AGarPd 
34 
68 
Sto 
8 
BU 
I H 
15' 8 n u 
Bm F A 
<o 
9 
31 
15' a 
WU 
W H 4 
+4 
16’ b 
4' 4 ConcrdF 
5 
39 
4*4 
4’ 3 
4*7— 
+8 
A' 8 
A Int Pie! 
4 
27 
4 
3*8 
4 
— 
I n 
15’ 4 
IO’ a BrnF B 
AO 
9 
73o 
W U 
14' 4 
14*. 4 v. 
17' 7 
SU Condec 
3 
68 tov. 
IO 
1o+8 
11. 
2 
Alsrael llr 
6 
24 
7 U 
2to 
2*4 + 
} R 
5’ 4 
4' , BrwnF pf X 
4 
4’ a 
4+8 
4+8 to 
4+8 
3 'a ConnllyC 
7 
3o 
4 
3+4 
3U 
+8 m u 
7' 7 AMaizeA 
4o 
6*339 
IO’ 7 
8 * 4 
IO 
- 
5' 3 
7 
Buehler 
6 
75 s 
4*4 
4*4 
’ 8 
17' 7 
8’ 7 Conrock 
6o 
8 
X 
12’ 3 
12 
12+7 + 
*7 
IS '4 
/' 7 A M a./OB 
X 
6 *97 
IO’ 7 
BU 
IO U ) 
V ? 
M U 
6'a 
Buell Ind 
4ob 
5 
3 
13+4 
13*4 
13*4 
5+8 
7>a Conroy 
I4 
ConsOG 
1 
A 
4o 
4to 
4*. 
4*4 
52U 
36 
AmMf 
2 ROe 
5 
21 
49 '4 
49' 3 
49’ 7 1 
14 
5 
3 
Buiidex 
5 
72 
3 to 
3’ 7 
3’ 7 
13 'a 
AU 
8 
45o n u ll 
11U + to 
6' ; 
3U A Mo ll nos 
6 
81 
4*4 
! ' 3 
4 to 
VU 
?' a Burgess 
8 
49 
3U 
2’ b 
3 
U 
IO * a 
TU ConsRet 
AO IO 
25 
8+8 
8to 
I U I 
U 
37 'n 
TH' 4 Am Pet! 2 X 
8 
35 
35 
34 
35 
- 
’ n 
15' 4 n u 
Burmg 
IO 
6 *67 
W U 
13' 7 
13' 7 - 
I 4 
I’ 7 to Coni M il 
125 
88 
I * . 
IU 
1*4 
9 
4 U Aprecs 
X 
6 
18 
BU 
BU 
SU 
12 
8 '. 
Burnsln 
AO 
8 
363 
IO 
9to 
IO 
4 to 
1*4 
1 4 Con I Tel wt 
41 
V 3 
1*8 
1*%— u 
7 'n 
3*8 ASaf Eq 
5 
171 
Sto 
5*8 
5' 7™ 
»4 
12'4 
SU 
Butterln 
5o 
5 
122 
I IH 
IOU 
H U 4 
1*8 
25 to 
14' 7 Cook Ind 
Me 
14 
78 
IS' 8 
15 to 
IS1 4 
7 U Am Sc - E o4e 19 
122 
H U 
IOU 
IO U - 
J „ 
38 
8’ a CK Pol 
7oo 
23*511 
35+4 
32’ a 
33+t t 
+4 
15’ a 
IV a CookPV 
X a 
8 
9 
13+8 toto toto 
5 '4 
2H 
Am Tee 
15e 
6 
4o 
5' a 
5 
5 
J 4 
3' J 
I 
CDICp 
18 
SS 
3' a 
3 
3U 4 
' a 
7' ? 
2’ ? CooDJar lOe 
5 
31 
7 
6' 7 
6 * 4 + u 
17'* 
SU AmUtlS 
63e 
15 
11*4 
IV 3 l l ’ r - 
1 4 
9*8 
5’ b C H B Fd 
3 
Al 
AU 
5’ a 
AU 4 u 
4 >4 
7 '. 
Cordon 
15 
16o 
3' 7 
3' e 
3U + to 
5' > 
2 
AndreR 
12 
14 
3 
7*. 
T7 a— 
I 4 
9 ’ b 
4' a CHCCp 
24r 
IO 
152 
9U 
8' 7 
8' 7~- 
' a 
19 
9 
CoreLb 
Me 
8 
23 to '. toto to 
+ 
*7 
3 
7 
AnqloC 
He 
7 
211 
3 
2to 
27 8 + 
I R 
' 7 
4'b 
16 C IM tg wt 
AO 
1 
3 32 3 37 
16 
IAU 
IO' 7 Corpn cd 
8o 
8 
15 
15'. 
14*4 
W U * 
1 7 
SH 
3’ 7 Anken 
7o 
6 
24 
TH 
7U 
T U ­ 
7'a C M IC p 
8 
113 
3 
2U 
27. 
I2to 
AU Cornelius X 
9 
32 
H U 
11*8 n u — to 
9 
4'» Anthony 
I9t 
4 
32o 
5’ a 
5U 
SH 
3’ 7 
I ’ / 
CM T Ind 
4o 
5 
2 
2 
2 
31' 4 
IV . 
Corr Blk I X ll 
74 
M U 
79 
29*4— u 
AU 
V 7 AppldDta 
9 
83 
6*8 
5to 
AU * 
J 4 
9>8 
6 
CRSDes 
X 
5 
565 
8to 
TU 
8 
+ 
+4 
37/a 
I to Coscolnc 
4 
2*4 
2’ 8 
2*4 
A 4 
V 7 
14 
Apld Dev 
16 
748 
5 
4to 
4*. 
I7U 
AU CSECp 
<54 
5 
33 
12’ a 
H U 
12U 4 
7/8 
4' a 
IU 
Cot iCp 
CottCorp wt 
75 
23 
7*8 
2*4 
2*4 — 
I 4 
74' 1 
AquilCa 
3o ll 
25 
15’ 8 
15’ 4 
15*8- t/j 
14’ 4 
AU CWTren 
5o 
6 
4 
I2to 
12' 7 
17V 
*8 
I u 
24 5 16 
*4 5 I d - 
16 
I' 8 
3’ a ArirCL lOe IO 
215 
4*4 
4 
4*8 
I H 
IO 
4' 4 Cablcom 
9 
16 
9H 
9U 
9*4 to 
77'. 
I] 
Co* CC 
7o 
93 
21' 3 
X ' 3 
21 
7 
18' 
4 '. Ar J Col pf 18 
I 
119 
6U 
AU 
AU 
A's 
3 
CagloA 
15 
4 
7 
3*4 
3H 
3 U - 
J R 
6*8 
3 to Cram rE 
13t 68 
53 
4U 
4*7 
4 U + to 
5’ 
ArmlnCp 
12 
3 
6 * 4 
6 
AU + 
I 
14' 8 
11*4 Caldor 
25 
9 *93 
13’ b 
13U 
13+e— l/4 
?' 4 
I ’ a Crest FO 
14 
8 ito 
Ito 
I to­ 
*4 
5 U 
3’ a A rrow E 
24 
136 
5*8 
SU 
5U + 
V4 
AU 
3’ 4 Calcomp 
176 
3*a 
3’ . 
3*4 
19' , 
12 
Crompt 
75e 
5 ll 
IAU to w e ­ u 
A ’ 4 
4 
Arundel 
6 
3o 
6' ; 
A’ 4 
Ato­ 
\ 8 
4’ 4 
2’ 7 Cal Life 
5 
IO 
3to 
3' 7 
3' 7 
41 >8 
3o 
CrosAT 
I 7o ll 
33 
38 
37' 7 ls f 
*4 
16' 4 
TH Asamora 
25 11 7163 
12*8 
1o*8 ll 
* ie 
IOU CalPrtC 
I 
8 *64 
17’ a 
Id’ 7 
16*4 
1o*4 
6to CrowlM 5oa 
X 
3 
7U 
TU 
T U ­ u 
ITH 
SU AshlOC 
X 
8 
57 
IOU 
9 U 
9 + 4 - 
I 4 
SU 
S 
Cameo 
179 
7' 4 
A to 
TU 4 
I 
34+8 
15’ 7 CwnC Pl 
6or 
3 
1o3 
M ’ s 
3o 
SO*.— 
1 7 
7'* 
*4 Ask.nSvc 
24 
I to 
7'8— 
I R 
113 16711 lACaChbA 
7o7315 1637 16311 Id * to 
TU 
4 H 
C row ner 
5 
9 
5 
4+8 
5 
5' 8 
2’ a Astre* 
15e 
8 
54 
4’ a 
4 * 4 
•I '4 
I R 
14 
4 U 
C am pln 
33 
Sto 
5 
5 U 4 
I 4 
6 
4 
Crownln 
X 
8 
3o 
5 
4H 
4+8 + 
+8 
6' 4 
3' a Atalanta 
2oe 
3 
77 
5*4 
5 
5' 4 
A's 
7'a 
CdnExp o5e 
7 
5o 
AU 
AU 
6’ 8 
15*8 
5’ 4 CrutcR 
36 74 
9o3 
13*. 
11'4 
12 
— IU 
V 1 
SB Atco Ina 
IO 
37 
V a 
I 
I 
8 411 16 CdnHomO 
18 
8o 
AU 
A1 4 
AU 
I j 
IS' a 
7 to CrystlO 
4oe 
CuD.cCp 
4o 
13 
3o2 
W H 
13*8 to’ 7 + 
IU 
4 * 4 
3 
A ti ase M 
o8e 
389 
4’ 4 
4 
4 
I R 
IO' 8 
5 ‘a Cdn Hyde 
25 
7 
*8 
SU 
7’ a 
7+8" 
1 a 
16 
6*8 
7 
4o 
15' 4 
14*4 
14*8 
11 '4 
6' 
AtiasCp w' 
55 
9*8 
9U 
9' a— 
»4 
X U 
14 
Cd In PA I 5o 
7 
729 
X U 
19' 7 
X U . 
+8 
WU l l ’ a CurliceB 
8o 
A 
51 
W H 
13*8 
14V + 
IU 
18' 4 
H U 
Augaf 
3o 
13 
25 
14*4 
13*8 
WH v 
1 2 
6 
3U 
CdnM arc 
7o11 
5739 Id 
3*8 
3 to + 
Id 
5*. 
I ’ 7 CurtisM 
ISe 
S 
29 
Sto 
SU— u 
18’ . 
H U 
A ustraiO 
19 
524 
IT H t o t o 
17U + 
14’ 3 
SU 
CdnM err ll 
17 
14 
13H 
14 
I V 8 
S U 
Auto Tm 
7o* 
1o7 
A1 7 
A’ 8 
AU * 
17’ 4 
9’ a C(*)Occ. 
54 
6 
2 
15U 
WU 
14+e- 
I a 
5 ' 4 
7' 4 Aulm Bld 
6 
52 
4’ 3 
4 I 8 
4' ,4 
1 4 
48’ 4 
36 
CdnSupO 
7 
39' 4 
38 
38 
I** 
7 i. 
(X L 
13 
59 
Ito 
V 1 ito 
9to 
?U Aulm Rad 
3 
55 
4 ’ 3 
4 ' a 
4' 8 
1 Ii 
3’ 4 i4 Caped art 
78 
IU 
Ito 
IV - 
' a 
A' 7 
2’ a DWG 
49t 
S 
811 
5' 3 
4to 
5to+ 
+4 
44 h 
36'8 AutoSw 
88 
I? 
6 
43 U 
43*8 
43*. 
3’ a 
V 7 Cap. ti Rs 
37 
3 
7to 
3 
4 to 
5'4 
7’ 7 DamonC 
4 
I 
3 
3 
3 
4*8 
2 
A VEM C 
X 
5 
HO 
4* j 
3’ a 
4 
— 
*4 
4 
2U 
CapitiFd 
2o 
5 *57 
3' 4 
3 
3 
9’ 7 
JU 
Damson 
25 
373 
Sto 
/to 
8 to * to 
29' 4 
17’ 1 Avondal I X 
8 
46 
24’ a 
73’ t 
24 '* 
J8 
8*8 
4’ 7 Caressa 
3o W* 179 
4 ’ a 
4' 3 
4+ft 4 
'/. 
28 
12'. Darnel 
18b 
9 
113 
24+8 
23*. 
74 
SU 

Q 
Uc 
O' 

*rn 

7 
17? 
8 
7U 
7*8— 
*4 
8oU 
64 
Carnal 
I 8o 
13 
744 
73' 7 
TIU 
73 
4 to 1 
14 to 
4to Datapd 
8 
258 
H U toto ll 
+ 
*4 
IU 
3 Id I 
V 16 
BRT 
3oe 
SO 
’ a!3 Id 
’ § 
15*4 
11*4 CaroPipl lh 
8 *27 
13U 
13' a 
13*4 + 
U ll 
5’ 7 DayMin 
Me 
X 
639 ll toto 
1o*4 + to 
37 HW I 
Wt 
66 I 16 I 3? I 37 
AIU 
53 
C aro P Lpf 5 y 22o 
59+4 
59 
59*. 
*8 
I ' 3 
4 ' 4 DeJurA toe 
14 
TH 
/to 
7+a- u 
2 'b r ? B T U 
E n g 
9 
7 
171 
I To­ 
1 • 
S H 
2 
Carrol Dv 
78 
4 to 
4 to 
4 to 
7to 
I 
De Rose 
2 
1*4 
I*. 
1*4 

C o m p l e t e n a t i o n w i d e c o m p o s i t e p r i c e s 
New York stocks 
E xclu siv e in San A ntonio 

Yearly 
H<gh la w 

I J '. 
■O’'. 

7 
IV 
8' 
25 
7'. 
J) 
8 
33' ll 
73' 

C o n tin u e d f r o m P a g e SH 

S 
- T 
- l 
Sales 
Net 
Ih d t ) High law lost Chg 
SC A SVC 
SC MCP 
8o 6 889 
SOSCon 
SO 8 
77 
Sabmp 
5o 12 
132 
SafQdln 
o9p 9*3o3 
Safeway 
7 2o 17 1o43 
SagaCp 
36 
St JoM.n I 3o 17 
StJoLIP I 17 
9 
SIL Sa F 
7 SO 9 
Io'» St Pauls 96a 
32'* SIR IXJ P 
I 64 
9 
S'* Satan! 
74b 
5 
1 7 *4 Sambos 
48 
8 
IV * SDieGE I 7o 
7 
7'* SJuan R 
991 
6 
6 '* Sanders 
13 
3o>» SFelnd 
7 
8 
8’ * SFelnd pf SO 
TO’ * SanFelnt 
3o ll 
9'e Sarqf Wet 6o 
9 
7U SaulRE 
3' • SavAStp 
SU SavOnDr 
8 
SavElP 
J I 
17'n SavnEA I 34 ll 
SavEi p fl 78 
6 '* SavBM 
3o 
3*« Saxon 
3 
Sen deter 
37'* SchergPl 
14'* Schlit; Br 
56’ 
IV 

18 
13’ i 
14’ 
7 ll* 
79' 
4 > 
7 + 
18 
TO’ 
3 

Schlgmb 
SCOAln 
Scot Lad 
Scot 7ei 
Scott For 

17o 
61$ 
31 
49 
163 
967 
78 
17o4 
52S 
48 
183 
1o75 
85 
1396 
3o 
181 
91 
179 
147 
IS 
21 
1194 
IO 
348 
TO 
48 
I 14 1467 
68 
9 1566 
8o 17 7898 
8o 
5 
9| 
36 4o 
166 
I TO 
9 
359 
84 
I 
78o 

27 
TO 
8 
8o 
6 

ScottPap 
76 IO 7o27 
V o ttys 
JO to 
725 
Scowl! 
I 2o 
8 
Scowl o12 5o 
Scudder 
13 
Scudd pf 83c 
SeaCont 
25 
7 
SeebC L 
2 
6 
Scab WA 721 
Seagram so 9 
Se agr * 
16e 
7 
Seat P a 
SO 
I 
„ 
SearteO 
57 
IO 5678 
Sears 
I 8oa 16 7868 
Seatrain 
12 
4o1 

728 
6 
1o9 
9o 
39o 
1127 
358 
14o 
73 
65 

6*8 
11' 
S' 1 
*o 4 l l * . 
4 ’ 1 

72 

 ll'. 
IS ’ 1 
4 j , l l ' l l 
SB* 

7k • 
IS ' it * 3 
6 ) i i 
32 
9* ft 
2+* t 
I7 ‘ 
7 i / l l * 
:it 
8 toto 
24' 
28 
18 

T I , w- 
IS' 4 
8 
28 
SB' l l 
IS’ 

A U 
?• 

27 

14 
WH y 

M U 
9 ’ 

 to 

S«x}f Cine 
JO 
Sew L f/ I 7ob 
SvCCplnt 
TO 
Servmt 
9o 
Sbafcsort 4o 
Sri ape! I 
IO 
Shear H 
?7e 
SbetiOit 3 7o 
Shalt t 
) ole 
VifttrO* 
6oa 
SWIG' p*l IS 
Swig p ti 4o 
4 StierwW 7 TO 71 
S r * pl 4 4o 
- Starr Pat 
I 
8 
« Signal 
I HI 
9 
S-Cjnai pl 
I 
S gnat ti# 7 TO iiqnode I JO ll 
SimPrec 
18 
8 
• St mm 
I 1J 
|3 a Vm pP at 
SO 13 
4 Singer 
1oc 
J 
3 Smgr p# 3 SO 
Sa agas 
SO 
'» Ska Co 

471 
1o7 
639 
14S 
4o 
I9J 
136 
1o3o 
S 
724 
68 
7 

Sm th AQ 

Sow Bas 
Sones i a 

SC a rc o 

HJO 
1o7 
17o6 
I 
13 
IOO h i 
67 
1338 
1797 
38 
88 
U 
19o 
J? 19 
57o 
8o 
4 
S2 
9 
7 IS 
4o 
8o 
7 
6o 
I l l 

49 
859 
848 
*6o 
99 
14o n 

I 46 
7 64 
I 85 

* Sou*Own 
* So*rn pt 
4 SoestB* 
Soest PS 
« SoCaif 
4 Sou'hCo 
4 SolnGf 
* Son R 
1©NET# 
J 
4 SoN f pt 3 8? t 5 o N F 
P U 67 
Sou Pac 
7 24 
« SouR 1 
7 32 
So u r , pt 
5o 
* SouR 1 pf 
3 i So Unco I 84 
Souflnd 
5ob m Roy! 
Ak 
4 Vat Hisn 
I t ' w s i F o r 
JO 
4 Vw’F I pt I SO 
4 SwPb&y I IO 
SwPbSv rt a to r In F O 
JI 
* S p a r to n 
«, 
Speer vM 
I 
Sprr VN^f 
3 

43 
Oar- 21 6398 to 
I 56 
I 56 
6o 
1 *o 
4ob 
I ITI 

8 
35 
16o 
• n 
4 
7o8 
• 
17 
6 7763 
IO 1471 
8 
58 
7 
1o6 
4 
7| 
487 
<14o 
818 
6o1 

 i m rn 
Sonar D 
Squibb 
Slat' 
Si Poor | vja 
St Br arm I in 
SM Br pt I 5o 
St BP«nnt 
4o 
StdOitCl J X 
S'QT lid 2 4o 
.......... 
StO'iOh I 36 23 1274 
SOOt p tj 75 
,K 
Sid Press 
4o 17 
»25 
StdPruO 6* ll *81 

6 
3 
7o4 
I 1o1 
7 
TBI 
8 
177 
7 t/8 
15 
I 1757 
64 
5 
42 
6 
45 
7 
64 
24 
9 3778 
I 
51 
14*688 
7 U36 
7 
464 
HO 
I 
45o 
24oo 
I m 
8 1691 
7927 

31* 
71** 
1 4 *. 
27’ j 
6’ 4 
48 '» 
I?’ * 
4oU 
WU 
47’ 4 
12’ J 
35 
6 ’ * 
16'* 
14 *x 
I U 
IO’ * 
371. 
IO 1* 
5o*4 
16** 
3’ « 
3’ 4 
6 ’ e 
IO 
15 
1 3* 4 
7 2 * 4 
4 ’ * 
6 ’ 4 
39*4 
16’ 4 
59** 
13*. 
6 ’* 
27'* 
75'4 
19*4 
8 +e 
73 
55 
7 '* 
9 3 
78'4 
14'. 
3’ * 
73** 
I ’ 4 
16'* toto 
63’ J 
9’ * 
34 
16'. 
6** 
16' • 
9 *. 
18’ 4 
8 

?\ 
• v t 
71 ’ 4 
IS’ * 
36 
64 
13'* 
27’ * 

6o' i 
39 , 
7 '* 
18' I 
13’ e 
72 >• 
44 *• 
19 r« 
13*4 
15** 
16’ a 
37’ * 
7S 
IS’ * 
IS** 
U U 
3 . 
9 ’e 
38 
IS ** ll' • 
IS*. 
37' I 
IO** 
I ’ * 
77’ * 
ISH 
>9*. 
55'• 
3 *to 
SOU 
56' i 
13** 
56’ * 
6 '* 
SO' 3 
34 4 
23 to 
39*. 
21 t o 
SH 
J IH 
13H 

3’-4 
TO’ . 
U U 
75H 
SH 
47'» ll* * 
39*. 
12' j 
41H 
12’ . 
34'4 
6H 
IS 
14 
SH 
IO *. 
36H 
IO 
47H 
IS'* 
3H 
3'* 
SH 
9 *. 
IC I 
13’ » 
19 
4’ / 
5H 
38’ * 
15 
56’. 
13’ 4 
6’ * 
75*. 
2 3'j 
19'* 
8 
77U 
54 
6 '* 
9U 
26’ * 
34 
3 
77 
8 
16’ > 
IV * 
6o*. 
9’ j 
33 . 
16’ ■ 
SH 
IS’ * 
9 
17’ > 
7H 
7o** 
34 , 
17'* 
21 
IS’ * 
34 
63 
I? '* 
26*. 
75 
6o’ * 
39’ * 
6’ * 
IS’ * l l ’ * 
21 * 
43 i 
19 ll*» 
14'* 
IS’ j 
36’ * 
Ti' , 
17H 
ISH 
13 
7*9 
9+« 
37’ * 
18’ 3 
17*. 
H H 
761» 
Kh. 
•*» 
7 IH 
16’ . 
38*. 
S3’ * 
19’ . 
49H 
SS*. 
32»« 
SS’ . 
AU 
S9V 
SIH 
77*. 
3SU 
71’ * 
I ' * 
TOH 
13 

J'. 
21’ a * 
14*1 * 
25’. 
5*1... 
47'. 
12’ a — 
39’ . 
I? ’ . * 
42’ « + 
17’ 3 6 
3 4 V - 
6 *. 
U H ­ 
U H 
8 *. 
1 o H 
37'* a 
IO '. 
48' 7— 
I6U • 
J U ­ 
J U - 
6 H 
9 't — 
14' y— 
IV J— 
J I'* - 
4' 7 — 
6 
39 V. • 
16 
+ 
SS** 
IS H * 
6 * . + 
26*. + 
24' * * 
19’ i t s n 
22U + 
SS 
* 
7 
+ 
9’ j ♦ 
77 
- 
3 4 '. 
3 
- 
22' * - 
8 '. 
IS H 
12'* « 
6 7 '. 
9> t — 
33H 
IS * * - 
SU ♦ 
W’ e— 
9' * + 
18 
* 
7 U * 
71 
— 
34' t — 
IV a— 
71 
•- 
ISH 
JAH— 
63 
13 
77 
* 
75 
6o y 
39’ * 
7 
1 8 * 
I3 *t - 
72’ 9 4 
44 
IS H * 
U U + 
IS 
- 
IS1 f 
V 
- 
74' j - 
I7U 
I S H * 
IV 9 * 
J 
C i t 
37*. 4 
IS H 4 
ISH 
IS' I 4 
77 H * 
IO U i u 
W e 
14*. ♦ 
39*. 4 
ISH 
19*9 4 
49H 
56' 3 r 
33 
SS'* 4 
S H 
St t 
32** i v . 
38’ * 
73 * * 
8’ J 
71'. t il 

I * . 

Yearly 
H.gh la w 
Salas 
Net 
(bds ) High lo w last Chg 

'9 
3*. 

I U 
H i 

IH 

» 37 I 64 I 32 

16 
76H 
H H 
26*9 
It 
63** 
ISH 
71 
13*» 
26* • 

IO 
I 17 
SO 
I 17 
I o5 

St an de. 
Star W 
Stanray 
Starred 
SfaMSe 
SWofCh I 
Star ch i 
48 
Stet Drug 
TO 
. _ St ar i Pre 
o3c- 
I * . ‘der non I 
4o 
17 
Steven J I X 
23*. Stew Wa I 96 
■ |to« VC 
I X 
StofcVf pt I 
Stone MI 
2 5o 
Stone un 
6o 
Stop Shop 
I 
Sis* fee 
671 
StOrerB 
I 
Mr,die it- 92 
Stupor 
I 68 stow ut i x 
Sto w pt 
5 
Ova v toto 
TO 
SubPrG IB I 
So t > eat 
5o 
Son Chrn 
4o 

6 
IO 
9 
157 
I t 194 
I t i 
17$ 
9 
5J4 
6 
94 ll HTV 
6 
284 
9 
57 
S 
SIS 
I 
711 
IS* JU 
VISO 
I ll 
5 to 
6 
1o2 
6 
734 
6 r n 
7 
IM 
S 
417 
I 
I 
} r n 
I 
2o9 
I 
M I 
6*94/ 

 l?H 
IO'. 
17'. 
17 
ISH 
U h 
26’ . 
M u 
77*1 
74 
79' j 
SOU l l* . 
Mi’ t 
54 U 
IS H 
6o ; 
7U 
7 '* 
U U 
JO 
19*. 
2 1 ’ j 
W U 
49*e 
I U 
U H 
S’ . ti ll 
17 H 
77H 
W e 
SI 
R h i i n u 
75U 
U H 
4?U 
45 * 
*4 *. 
1*4 
71’« 
IO** 
JJU 

 ll* i i I 
H U 
16 
17’ i l l 1» 
TSH 
TIU 
ISH 
2 1 *. 
TSU 
SO1 I 
16 i 
4o' . 
SJH 
I 7U 
6o' * 
7*. 
AU 
16' . 
71*. 
19*. 
TIU 
WH 
47 U 
7U 
ISH 
4’ . 
IO 3 
17' i 
IS * lls * 
I IU 
S7H 
IJH 
ISH 
W H 
23*. 
I IH 
6o*4 
45' 4 
94 > 
4 . 
J IH 
9 . 
JOH 

17' 
IOU 
17 to 
37H 
U H 
76 * * 
TSH 
TIU • u 
* 
M U * se 3 t o t * 
IOU 
57' * 
13 
SO'* r t - 
7 
- l l ' t 
7 9 *.. 
19' 3 * 
T IU . 
WH 
49*. • 
OU 
ISH 
Sh 
WH l l t 
M u 
T IU . 
IT 
- 
5 /to 
W H 
ISH ll' 9 k to* 9 6 
U U * 
41 
~ 
45 « - 
94' » 
4**4 
J J U . 
V H ♦ 
W e — 

49 
51 
TSU 
37’ . 
53 u 
7 4't 
758 
8' j 
IV’ , 
4o’ 4 
7 '. 
IV* t 
77>* 
13'. 
U ’ * 
7U 
77 H l l * . 
39 av 
79’ j 
33’ . 
8 
II 
13' a 
TO H 
47 H 
71 ** 
W U 
49'. 
7*. 
19’ . 
68 <4 
IOU 
6' . 
8o’ 3 
115 
H U 
4 ' . 
37*. 
139' . 
I I ' . 
J I*. 
JO 
43' 3 
41*4 
TH I* 
31*4 
49 
49 
16' . 
179 >* l l ' . 
33 
JOH 
??U 
37'. 
55 U 
9 '. 
3 IH 
37’ * 
7 8 ’ • 
73H 
43 
IV t ll* 3 
9 ’ e 
I9 U 
IV’ , 
39*. 
23*. 
59 H 
17*4 
7 
U H 
76’ / 
M U 
19U 
8 U 
U U 
17*4 
JV’ e 
IS +e 
19*4 
ISH 
III 
24’ 4 
I9 H 
U H 
74’ 3 
1o7 
96’ . 
TI / 
17 
76' 4 
M U 

26H SunCo 
7 
6 
31U SunCo pt7 25 
TOH Sunbm 
I o8 
9 
17 
Sundstr I X 
8 
35*. Sands pl 3 5o 
9' t SunsMg 
18r 37 
I6 H SuperVal 
66 IO 
148 
SuprOil 
I 8o 19 
5 '. SupmhG 
3o 
6 
14' i Supm pl I X 
Suprscp 
J5e 

1o7o 
658 
625 
25o 
46 
985 
764 

16 
Suprscp 
Sutra Mig 
IOU 
Swank la 
7 
16'. 
Sybron 
8 * 
8 
33' i Sybrn pt2 4o 
IO' 3 Sycor 
7 
JU Systroo 
W H Ticor 
I IO 
7 
6 *. T R F C p 
14 
76’. T R W in 
I 4o 
9 
63*. 
TRW pf 4 4o 
58 
TRW pf4 5o 
73' * 
TaftBrd 
8o 
9 
I H T elCOtt 
6 '. Talley 
SH T alley pl 
15’ I Tam pEl I 
76’ > Tandy 
H U T andycft 
S’ . Tappan 

7o1 
4 
84 
117 
77? 
735 x33 
755 
48 
942 
511 
1887 
115 
16! 
I 
717 
3o 
5x153 
I 
55 
12 IO 1755 
9 1o16 
6 
378 
74 IO 
181 

6o 

45’ J 
47 
72 
34 
49 
14 
77’ i 
76 724 
7 *. 
18 
I9H 
6*4 
17 
17’ 3 
4o’ . 
IIH 
6 ’ . 
72 
9 H 
36*. 
85 
75 
79H 
SU 
9’ » 
W H 

 ll 
Tochnicr 
4o 
9 
ISI 
4 H Techntclr 
77 
76o 
9 
Techm cn 
IO 
712 
44U T eklron. 
3o 16 
418 
5U Telecor 
JO 
6 
136 
6U Toter Or a i 
I 
TTH Teledn 
I 451 
5x999 
6? 
Tetedyn pf 6 
7 
SU Tetprmt 
7671179 
IU Telex 
26 
Tennco 
I 88 
97’ j Tennc pts 5o 
IIH Tesoro 
I 
25’ / Tesor pt? 16 
23*. Texaco 
7 
34’ t Tex Com 
I IO 
78’ . Tex Est 
I 85 
?4‘* TxE T pl? 4o 
77*. TxE T pf? 87 
79 
T ex G sf 
7 
TxGs pf I 5o 

18’ 
37t. 
13 
I I H 
35 
7H l l ' . 
59 
9U 
6U 
61H 
94’ , 
S’ t 
I 
35 

 lb 
Tex Ind 
Tex Inst 
T ex Int 
Te.OGs 
T * Pc Let 
TexCltil 
Texsglt 
Texgrt pi 
Text dnd 
Textron 
I 4o 
Textr pl 7 OB 
Tex lr pf I 4o 
TWokol 
Thorn Bet 
Thorn In 
7’ . Thorn JW 
6U Thrifty 
IS *4 T idw fMr 
Tigerlnt 

 ll 
446 
8 6474 
14 179* * ll 1o93 
U U 
57$ 
9 9237 
1ox42? 
9 
846 
116 
67 
8 
83o 
I 
79 

43 
45 
21H 
33U 
48 
WH 
71U 
719 
6H 
17 H 
WU 
6U 
I6 H 
16*. 
39H 
IOU 
SH 
71 
9 H 
ISH 
83*. 
73’ . 
TSU 
4H 
9’ . 
W U 
WU 
16*. 
IT H 
IOU 
33U 
6 *. 
IOU 
STH 
SU 
6U 
S7U 
94 
7H 
TU 
32*. 

77H 
78’ t 
36’ 3 
4o*. 
?7H 
JOH 
44U 
4?U 
16’ • 
BSH 
9H 
77 »• 
IO 

44V - 
46H 
71H * 
13* e 
A IU — 
13H + 
TTH * 
TTO 
- 
TV E 
1 7 U - 
I9H + 
6 U + 
17 
+ 
17 
— 
39H * 
H u e 
SU i i 
♦ 
9 *4 - 
36’ a f 
IS 
* 
74’ » - 
79HT 
S’ e F 
VU 
ITH * t i u + 
37U + 
IT H - 
IoU + 
33’ t- 
7 
+ 
H H - - 
59 
4 
9 
- 
6 ’ * 
59U 4 
94 
• 
- 
7*. 
37U w in w iu 
U U 
U H 

Yearly 
High low 

U 
I 37 X IWB 
15 Ho9 
X 
IO IMO 
35e IS 
7o 
I IO 
9.2o94 X U 
I X IS 
791 
J IH 
74o 
SS’4 
135 
4U 
8x 1365 27’ t 
.33 
13U 

I 
44 
SO 
8 
48 
I? 
4o 
6 
5o 
I j T irnelne I 15 W 

IU 

4.1 ’ 4 
T T H 
33U r 3 
IS’ 3 
WU 
TS 
17 
IS '. 
15 
17 >4 
24’ 3 
24*. 
W H 
W 3 
TO * 
3V 3 
IS ’ 3 
$ . 
I " . 
37U 
67' . 
4?** 
75U l l ' . 
17 
I SO U 
I UH 
67’ , 
7 6 *. 
9*. 
IO '. 
16 3 
4? 

 s t * 
SIU s> 
9 J 

SKH 
16 *. 
SIU 
I7H 
IOU 
I9 U 
H U 
U H 
I H U 
JOU 
I WU 
I U U 
I 7 /H 
I TSU 
74U 
IS * . 
7U 
U H 
WH 
I 4 IH 
I 
4 H 
1 

1 7 '. 
19 

 to*. 
. 79U 

Ttm eM ir 
IO 
16*. Timkn 
7 TO 
9' 3 Tifhmpn 
4’ . TobinP 
ISa 
V 3 ToddShip 
Tot Edis 7 17 
TolEcl pt? TI 
TonkaCp 
48 
TootRol 
4ob 
Tree or 
X 
Trane 
I OI 
TranU n I 76 
7’ . TW A 
I I H T W Apt 
7 
I U Transept 
66 
Trans pf 4 5o 
T ren ln t I 97 r ran SCO 
I 
Tran sen 
5? 
T ro t* pf 6 65 
TrG P pl IO 37 
TrG P pts 64 
TrG P pl? 5o 
TranOhF 
X 
Tranny I 4o 
Travtrs I o8 
T ra v e r pf? 
Tri Con I 8Se 
Trier p f2 so 
*4 Tri SoM 
7** T ria n ln d 
6 / TnaPac 
SJe 
Trm tytn 
IO 
Trop.can 
5o 
TgcsnG 
1o8 
T wenCen 
5o 
T ahi Os 
SO 
T ye OI eta 
T ylwCp 
UAL tnt 
UAL pf 
UGICp 

 xU7 
6 
778 
16. 16? 
8 >16 
83 
334 
166 
X86 
547 

65 r n 
I* 
I 
71* 
W I 
91* 
75' 
6 
16' 

32’ 
I 
1 to* 

387 
IO 
29$ 
74 
777 
35 
WO 
9 
74? 
79 
5x466 
1o 
79 
6 
6 6 
IO 
139 
9 
73o 
I 
STI 
45 
I 7176 
4 
TO 
8 
657 
6 
SO 
133o 

TS 
73’* 
36't 
H U 
IAU 
9H 
IS l l * . 
35 H 
TIU 
54 
WU 
6 
IJH 
TSU 
TSU 
IOU 
T U 
WH 
J4H 
36 U 
IOU 
I I H 
U U 
IOO n u 
I I H 
W U 
74 
I JOO IOT 
ISO 
9SH 

4o 
IO 
6o 
4o 
I 4o 

IO 

UG I pl 
7 75 
UMC Ind 
I 
U M E T T r 
UGP 
3 Se 
19'. UVlnd 
I 5o 
56U UVIn pf 5 SO 
24 
UVIn pl I 76 
IIH UARCO I X 
7 *. Un arco 
4o 
J IH UnilLt I (Me 
39'. UmNV 7 o7e 
I ’ t Un Bart. p 
84 
$7 '. UC amp I IO 
54'. UnCarb 7 IO 
6 
UnCmrce 
4U Un.onCp lf* / Un El et 
I to 

98 
4 
ISV 
7 
ISS 
9 
964 
65 
SSY 
9 
3o 
TI 
4 
TS 
7 
SS4 w 
327 
1x656 
7 
469 
7 
I U 
13 
315 
7 
6o1 
26 1547 
J 
I 
ITS 
/ 39oo 
9 l l 
174 
W> ISI 
5 
I U 
I 
J 
7 
59 
4 
57 
6 
4 
6 
5 
1o 
4o6 
W 
134 
I 3o87 
W 
9) 
W 
745 

17 
W U 
77’ » 
J IH 
X 
T IU 
I I H 
IU 
9’ t 
W U 
75 
X 
W U 
WU 
WU 
71H nu 
2 IH 
JO U 
TO 
X U 
U U 
I H 
W H 
37*. 
65’ t 
42 H 
T IU 
W 

SSO 
397 
W4 

M U 
6 V > 
7U 
6*4 
W U 
39 
47 

X U 
89** 
SH m u 
75 
S IU tau 
IOU 
IT ". 
9U 
U U l l 
TSU 
U H 
I) 

52’ , UOCa pf? X 
77 
48 uPacCp I TO l l 3) 14 t3‘ • UnPac pf 47 
IO 
TU Uniroyel 
X 16 11o7 
71 
Um ryel p tl 
I ITM 
SU U nB rand 
I 
143 
6 '. Un Beno pf A 
129 
TU U n .tCp (We 
. H I 
U 
UnEnrfs I 77 
5 *. UFmCel 
74 
7 u UnGrnfy 
72 » UU!urn I 44 Ix 1o8 
26H 
71*4 Unit IU pl? X y WOO 24 
SH Unitlnd 
TO 
I 
6 *. Un.Un pf 
42 
4*. Onittnn 
U 
7 
9U U Jar Bk I o4 
I 
» *. Un,IM M 
ISH UnNuclr 
W 
I H U n P kM n 
SO 
IO** UnRefg 
$6 
9 
15 
USFoS I Ma 
37 3 UST UG 7 76 IO 
16 . USGyps I IO IT 
22 3 USG* p tl rn 

7 
WI 
94 
443 
657 
1o7 
IM 
It* 
9*1 
• IS 
34 

73 U ii* 3 
SU 
W H 
H H 
JIH 
3*4 l l * . 
16‘ a 
SIU 
25 H 
2* 

76 U 
77H 
35 
39H 
27H 
W U 
43 
42 H 
IS’ J 
S IH 
SH 
26 U 
79' * 
X U 
3o*. 
54’ 4 
4*. 
2SU 
32’ * 
73U 
22’ * 
IS’ * 
W H 
W U 
* 
17’ i 
IOU 
14H 
X 
52U 
WH 
SU ll 
24 H 
75 
9’ . 
7H 
I? 
I I H 
34’ 3 
IOU 
W U 
U H 
IX 
27U 
IIH 
9 U 
73 
W I’ i 
94’ i 
26' > 
9U 
T IU 
31 

TOH 
» 
IH 
9U 
U H 
23* 3 
T IU 
U H 
* H 
W U 
19H 
TTH 
» ' I 
TO'» 
I9H 
TSH 
U H 
IH 
U H 
34U 
M U 

X U 
I I H 
X U 
49 H 
H H 
6oU 
X U 
7H 
I ' t w 
M U 
47 
S IU 
52 
X U rn s 
ST >4 
74 
49H 
WU 
9H 
86 
SU 
WU 
W a 
77H 
H H 
W H 
26nu nu 
W H 
SH 
W H l l * . 
J IH 
TU 
I IH 
W 
49 4 
24U 
77 

26*. 
27 U - 
35 
- 
4o *4 * 
77 Un 
W H 
R h - 
4?U + 
IS H * 
13’ h~ 
♦ H * 
26* . - 
79U t- 
X *»- j o u - 
54'4 
4U * 
2SU ~ 
17' r— nu 
27’ * - 
38'* + 
IO U w * 
* ' . + 
11 
* 
H U * 
14*. 
JOH 
54 
+ 
W 
— 
6 
U U 
25'* * 
TSU 
W'4 + 
7 H * 
12 
+ 
34H t 
IS 
~ 
IO' 4 — 
I I H + 
U H * 
WO 
23' 4 + i r k — 
IO’ 
74 
- 
HJO't— 
♦4U 
28U I 
9 U l l '4 
I l e 
M U 
5 i u - 
13*4 h t u t 
* ’ . 
U U 
74’ e * 
M U * 
W e t- 
IOU 
WU 
TI 
_ nu 

& < 
IIH 
M U 9 
U U 
I U 
U '»- 
M H t 
M 3 
4 ? '*t 
JI 
* 
I I H 
X U t 
P 
^ 
I I H 
*7 t 
M U ­ 
TH 
I U 
W U 
M U 
47 
* 
S IU 
$3 t 
79 U t 
89U 9 
$ 
- 
S7U t 
TS 
S lu t 
U U t 
IO 
+ 
SAU 
• u - 
13 
9 
IO U — 
M U 9 
H U 
IJ H 
M U - 
24' J 9 
7 3 ' . - 
15 *e 
I U 9 
W U 9 n u 
­ l l 
9 
J 
- 
W U 9 
W U 
S lu t 
M e ­ n u 9 

 iou 
8*4 
WU 
4 
38’ 3 
57’ 3 
79 * a 
39*. 
175*4 
171*4 
JOU 
TU I 
79' * 
J V I 
9 '. 
WU 
7?'. 
JJU 
48’ 3 le u 
I? ’ 3 
45*. 
34*. 

28U 
X 1 3 
VU 
IV’* 
U U 
6 1. 
7 
IS 
31 
WU l l* . 
IS '. 
*8* 3 
49 
S7 to 
89 
1oV j 
1o8*4 
I I H 
8V 
8?' > 
IS' > 
I ' . 
79’ * 
73 
6o 4 
SU 
17*. 
WU 
33*. 
74’ a 
74 
44’ 4 
WU 
48 
IOU 
IT’ 3 
31*. 
79*. 
1o3 
IOU l l ' 3 n u x*« 
JS a i*. 
26' * 
IS 
ISH 
8' a 
X 
7 l l * . 
IOU 
W U 
77' 3 
X U 
H U 
57 
47 *e 
77* j 
17*. 
X U 
WU 
M U 
I9H 
X U 
S3' 3 
57’ » 
77'. 
19' 3 
48' 

S U 
3’ » 
6 U 
IU 
IV’ . 
43’ . 
191. 
X ' . 
113' 3 
1o4 
14 
S 16 
71'* m u 
4' 3 
9 
19U 
IS' 3 
34 
H U 
9U 
77'. 
79' . 

USHom 
16 
USlnd 
X 
USLeasg 
32 
USR’ y 
US Shoe I X 
USSteel 2 X 
USTobr I X 
UnTech I TO 
UnTch pf I 
UnTch pf 7 3? 
Un-Tel 
I X 
Uni Tel wt 
Un.TI p tl X 
Un.Ti Tptl X 
Un. trod 
IO 
Un.var 
56 
UnivFds 
UnLeat 
Up I oho 
US LIFE 
USI.Ie F 
UtanPL 3 17 
U tP t pl 7 8o 

IO 
I 
I 
I 
I 88 
8 
I o8 14 
X 
7 
96 
9 

Sale. 
(hdt I High law 

367 
7 
6U 
W X 
TV. 
6*. 
227 IO’ * 
9H 
3o9 
4 
2U 
IJT 
24’ . 
23' 3 
167o 
48 
46*. 
144 
M U 
27’ * 
21o5 
36H 
35' i 
236 163 
16o*. 
THS*. 114 
7173 
I C I 
W U 
738 
I H IS 16 
2 
26H 
26H 
43 
72H 
22' * 
HO 
7U 
7' 4 
747 
9 'i 
9 
94 
21H 
19 U 
131 
33' 3 
13'• 
USS 
36H 
34 U 
996 
W U 
IS*. 
66 
W 
H U 
IM 
44’ . 
42H 
12 
33H 
33' • 

Mel lo .! Chg 

7 
9 
7 
9 
* U 
3 H 9 I 
23H * 
47 H — 
78U + to 
162U9 1 
114 
- I 
W U — 
I 
- 
26H - 
I 
77'* 
7 H — 
9 
— 
TO' J— 
33’ 3 
35U 9 
W H 
H U - 
4 lU h I 
13' 4 

IAU VFCp 
IV 3 VSlCorp 
6 
Valley In 
W 
Var.an 
4U Varolnc 
3 '* Von do 
3 *. Venice 
W U Vest Se I 31e 
IS *. Vet co 
7oe 
7' I Viacom 
3U Victor C 
X 
WU VaEPw I 24 
X 
VaEP pf 4 o4 
39 
VaEP pf4 I? 
45’ 3 VaEP pf4 X 
49 v a t p pf 
5 
71' 4 VaEP pf 7 71 
83 
VaEP p f! 84 
W 
V aE P pf9 75 
27U VaE P pf? 9o 
IT > VaE pi 37 71 t i ' t V aE P p f/ IO 
TI' 4 Va EP pf 7 45 
4 '. Vornado 
9 
18*. VulcnM I IO 
8 
16*. Wachova 
54 
9 
39' 3 Wach pf? X 
2*. WachRty l l ’ . W alM arf 
IO ll 

 v - w 
- x , 
I IO 
9 
M i 
19 U 
X 
6 
76 
X 12 
27o 
28 l l IIM 
X 
4 
16* t i 
X 13 
16 
*5 
I 1878 
14 
461 
12*2X3 H U 
8 721o 
U U 
ISO 
46 
I IX 
46'. 
IMO 
54 
14oo 
56 
JIM 
86 
7197o 1o1U 

U U 
7H 
18U 
7H 
SH 
4H 
U U 
W H 
W U 

19'. 
IIH 
7 H 
W U 
7'* 
4U 
JU 
W H 
W U 
WU 
9H 
W U 
46 
46’ a 
S3 
SS’ . 
(6 
98 

19' a— 
W U — 
7 v i - ii 
7’ 19 s - 
4 
W H ­ 
ISH - 
W U - ll 
9 
14' I— 
46 
- 
46’ a - 
53*. 
55' * - 
•6 
98 

IU 

267o WAH HWU 'OSU 
65 
J IH 
W H 
JI t 

I?' a Walgrn 
I IO 
24 
WI hr A 
I 4oa 
IS '. Wall Bus 
66 
H H W all M u 
I 
78' . Wall Jim 
I 
W U Walt J pf 
I 
3V 3 Wait J pf I X 
5 
W ardFd 
47f 
S' 3 W am aco 
IAH Warns 
I X JI 
IT* i WmCom 
X 
I t i ’ , 6 m C pf 4 TS 
I' ‘ Mimer Co X IO 

ISHO 
79o 
IT X 
•7 
59 
24o 
I 
ISA 
455 
7 
1o7 
8 * 1 2 1 
I 
S3 
4*179 
8*435 
/7 X 
*86 
W2 
357 
2o7 
891 
5 
X 
77' j W arnerL 
I 14 22o6 
W 
Wast Os 1 88 
IOU WdShNat 
X 
25'* Mash pf7 X 
9 
I?** h a y SU 
I 
I 
111 
IV’ , Was Wat I 76 
I 
162 
AU W asteM IO 12*4o2 
14 
Watk.n J 
32 l l *69 
4 ’ . W ayG os 48 IO xSO 
14' t WayG pf I X i i 
4 
Wnan Un 
QSe I 
JI 
IIH Wea pf? X k 
5 
S' r Wea thro 
X 
6 
44 
W ebbDet l l 
391 
19'. Ww sMKt 
I? 
9 
IS '. WefWFg I I? 
I 
SU W etlFM 
54.* IS 
47' . W IPP pf4 X ll' ? WIP! Pe ? X 
I 
T I*. W VcfTr I 94 
I 
I 
WnA.rL 
4oa 
I 

■ X 
1676 

I HO 
775 
I 
11967 
WnBnc I SO 7*7?6 
WnNoA 
4oft 
WnPac In 
WnPubt 
88 
W Union 
I X 
WnUn pf 4 to 
WnUn pf4 X 
W UTi pf? 56 
Wast g El 
97 
43' i WfS'g pf 3 X 
T H I! IS W esfmor 
I?' 
M u 
49'. 
66 H 
76’ * 
73 H 
62 
S3 
14*. 
77*. 
4V > 
39 > 
9’ a 
26’ 3 
AH 
U U 

>1 n 
9H 
46’ * 
9>t 
19' 3 
37U 
1o8 i t ' -I 
21U 
3onu 
2? 
32 
T H . 
AH 
IJH 
W 'l 
79’ y 
77 U 
39’ I 
6*. 
86 3 ll' I 
H U 
AU 
68 a 
24.. 

7 
736 
6 
459 
7 
1o3 
9*623 
I 
I 
•7 
I Sill tx 
67 
9 
7 7o 
5 
71 
W 34J9 
TW 
647 
7 J 
*'9 t i TO l l WM 

 ll 

274 
2 
TI 
M4 

24'. Wsfvaco I IO 
WU Weybrg I to 
17 
Weyerhr to 
54* » We yr pf I ID 
15 
Wheel F aOa 
16 
W heeiPH 
JJS 
53 
What Pit pf 6 
44’ * WhetPil pf S 
27 
Whirlpoi 
I 
I t ’ . WhilCon I IO 
3$ 
White pf A3 le u w h ite pfCJ 
3U WhiteMt 
18'. Whiting I X 
3 
W h it!akr 
I i n ; 
9U Wickes 
36r 
IO 
7X 
4 
W 'end t St 
IT 
| . it 
X 
W ill,am * 
I W 1287 
SU WOsjirO to** WinnD* 
AU Wtnnbgo 
B U Winter J 
24'. W in EP 
99 
Wisp pf I 9o 
M U W'SE pf 7 75 
17 
Wi *G as I TO 
TSH WttG pf 7 SS 
16*. Wi*. PL I X 
IS*. W in PS 

17e IO 
AW 
I SA 11*74$ 
X 
481 
5 
IW 
• 
747 
USO 1o7 
TW X 
96 
7 
V 

8oa 
2 

X U 
84 
SU 
TSU 
W H 
49U 
4' 4 
13U 
IAH 
77 U 
W U 
74 
34U 
12 
37’ . 
AH 
SU 
31U 
79U 
1o3 
IO 
X U 
T IU 
W U 
34U 
X U nu 
W U 
X ’ 3 
7 
IS 
SU 
1SU 
9U 
8 H 
I t 
M U 
IOU 
SAU 
37 U 
27 W 
9U 
TAU 
ITH 
W U 
ISwu 
S IU 
SAH 
76 H 
WH 
44’ 3 
IU 
31 <4 n u 
X U 
SAU 
25 H 
17U 
61 
S TH 
25 >4 
24U 
AIU 
I * ' 3 
A U 
75U 
A U 
W H 
• U 
TSU 
• H 
ATU 
SH 
W 
79 U 

I AA 
I X 
X p l } 
Worn el CO 
48 
WoortCp 
X 
Wood Pet 
3o 
Woiwlh 
I X 
Wolw pf 2 X 
WorldA.r 
W riuly 2 4oa 
Wort I jar 
X 
Wylain 
X 
V . WyfyCp 
X U Xero* 
I X 
7U * ira 
o8a 

JO / Wilco 
I 
IO 
W .flrD 
JU WolvfW 
MU 
I ' 
IS*. 
X '. n u 
3*. 
64' < 
S ’. 
A* 

• 
IX 
• 
2o9 
8*152 
4 
W9 
4 
At 
4 
IX 
5 
196 
W 
ISI 
7 3732 
M 
79 
IJJ 
1o.438 
6 
38 
• 
171 
771 
I! 4455 
7 
SH 

Y - Z - 

2o 
7* 
J IH 
W H 
32 
13' > 
4' J 
I IH 
7U 
TS’ » 
TAU 
J8U 
SU 
• I 
W U 
IOU 
IU 
5?nu 

SA' 
X 
•3' 
SU 
24 U 
17H 
49 
4 
IJ H 
16 
TAH 
19 
T IU 
J3H 
I? to '. 
6 
7U 
X U 
27’ i 
99 
9 U 
77 H 
T IU 
17 
13U io u 
22' 3 
IJ H 
W U 
AU ll 
SU 
W U 
SU 
•u 
TS 
77' 3 
IOU 
SAH 
P l f 
I 
27'» 
W H 
17' • 
IT H 
ISsiu 
54' » 
26 
17' 3 
X ' 3 

 b 
M U 
S4U 
?4U 
W H 
Al 
SI 
23 U n u 
41U 
M U 
AH 
IS 
I U 
IJ H 
7U 
74H 
AH 
«o 
SU 
W U 

 i f i u 
94* j 
WH 
7* 
X U 
I IH 
JOU 
IJH 
AU 
H U 
7U 
2AH 
24U to1. 
AU 
TAU 
IJH 
* U 
IH 
X * 3 
X U 

N H I 
X 
— 
M 
+ 
S '4 - 
2SU t 
I7 U x 
♦ 
AU ll' »— w — 
27 
- 
1 9 U t 
74 
6 
IJ H l f 
4 
J6U - 
6 ' * » 
• U t 
31 n u t 
1o3 t 
9 U 4 
M U 
21U + 
ITH t 
JAH 4 
X U 4 
22' J— 
W 
4 
7oH 
AU l l 
- 
SH w u - 
• to­ r i — 
TSU 4 
27U 
W U 
SA' r ~ 
37’ . 
27* a 4 
I ' ? 
2 7 'I— 
IT 
- 
U U 4 
ITH sluT 
$ 4 *3 - 
76' • 
H U 
X ' 3 
I 
- 
X U 
22H 4 
AO 
4 
SAU 4 
TAU 
16*4 
Al 
- 
Si 
- 
24 
- l l 
- 
AIU 
JAH 4 
AU 4 
2SU4 
SH - 
U U 
I U 4 
TAU 4 
•'7 4 
A IU — 
I to— 
W U 4 
B U ­ 
NT 
4 
AAU 4 
IAU 
3* 
4 
M U - 
WU 
J IH 4 
U U 4 
AH 4 
U H 4 
TU - 
75'* a 
- 
U H s 
TAU 4 
W 
— 
M U A 
IU 
X 
- 
TOU— 

IU 

U U 
AU Vale* 
A IW 
25'• 
H U ieteC p 
88 A 
X I 
X U ll 
Julep! A m 
J 
W 
WU Zapata 
JOb J 
44o 
64 to 
Zapata pt 
I 
I 
AU 
SU l a yreO j 
6 5X 
AUH 
21 
ZendhR 
I 12 1 7 4? 
W 
AU Zurnlnd 
X 
9 TSI 
W E E K LY NY STOCK 
. O' ll tor week v.- •* ago 
'car ...3o wo years ago ac I to date 
976 to date h rs to date 

H U 

U U lf 
X U 
TH 
TSU 
13* 

KH. l l l i t 
U U 
47 
TU 
TAH 

 sAl ^ s 

 ll 
IS H 
U U 
H U - 
47 
- 
7* 3 
25*8 4 
U H 

IM,#87,SM 
IJJ, 1*7,AM 
1.o*7 MO OOO 
1,42/HJO USV 
I o7*.o*9,MO 

Yearly 
Sates 
Net 
High lo w 
(bds.) High la w last Chg. 

 to 
9+8 Del Labs 
36 
7 
52 
W U 
W U 
14*%— 
' I 
14' 7 
13*4 DelM Pr 
6o 
A 
19 
13+4 
13U 
13*4— 
U 
9 
5+8 DellwdF 
54 to 
5 
AU 
AU 
6*7 + 
V* 
' l l 
7 
D e n T a lE 
IO 
491 ll 
97l 
1oH + 
7/8 
22 
W U Oepsitr 
152 
A 
4 
21U 
21 'I 
21U + 
Vft 
2to 
8+7 
I 
3to 
Desan Jw 
DevcpA 
7 
8 ? 
68 
2 
7U 
I 
AH 
I 
. . . 
AH— 
H 
37'4 
13*4 DevonGp 
11/16oo 
34*4 
31 
33U + 
2*7 
8 ’% 
3U 
Digicon 
I t 
JU 
3H 
3H 
X 
13+7 Di FlardSt 
X 
5 
27 
W U 
I JU 
14 
+ 
U 
1*4 11 Id Diodes 
57 
1U15- Id 
I 
3' 8 
Ito 
DisFab toe 14 
35 
2*4 
2 U 
2 U + 
U toto 
HU 
Diversey 
56 
9*165 to*? 
W U 
1AU+ 
V4 
11+8 
A*. Dixit yr* 
4oe 
6 
118 
I H I 
H U 
11*7— 
H 
46 
32 
Dome Pf 
8 
178 
38to 
37 to 
37H - 
H 
26*8 
13+4 Dom tar 
8o 
21 
9 
W U 
13+* 
W l + 
+% 
8*4 
SU Donkeny 
X 
4 
AO 
SU 
77l 
7+8 - 
' I 
137. 
A l Downy 
2oe 
4 
32 
12U 
U U 
12H + 
Va 
18*4 to 
DrexUtl I 32 
8 
W U 
W7l 
167/8— 
Va llto 
6+4 
D rivH arr 
IO io u 
9+4 
IOU 
14 
•to D rgFair 
X b 
4 
66 toto 
IOU 
1o*4- 
'va 
113 16 I 
Dunlop Ode 
5 
64 
1+4 ito 
1U + I 
16 
23*4 to'7 
DuplxPd 
I 
7 
SI 
W U 
W H 
W H ­ 
U 
9 to 
57% Our TSI 
Mb 
8 
7o 
7U 
AH 
AT*— 
H 
6*4 
2’ 7 Dynlctn 
Ode 13 
5o1 
5 
4U 
4 +4— 
'/« 
8’ 7 
3to DynAm 
A 
349 
5U 
5H 
SU— 
U 
I I H 
5+8 D ynell El 
24 
144 
6 + 4 
6*4 
A H - 
V* 
3*4 
1*8 EAC 
In 
5 
22 
2U 
TH 
2to - 
U 
42*4 
16+4 EDGInc 25c 
3 
2 
16+4 
IAU 
16+4 
2U 
7. E aglee 
125 
I Vt 
IH 
1*7. . 
197a 
13+4 EarthRes 
I 
7 
284 
19 
17 7'e 
18+4 + 
'7/e 
5o’ 7 
M U 
EasonO 
Mb 
17 
776 
5o’ J 
43H 
5o 
+ 
7 
2671 
17 
EstrnC I M 
• to 
26’1 
26 
2A7i + 
I 
7+8 
3U 
Ea?orE 
24 
5 
17 
AU 
A 
6 
— 
H toto 
6 
Erodyn lOe ll 
3M 
W I 
15+4 
1AH+ 
H 
4*4 
IU 
Edmos 
IOO 
2+4 
2H 
2*7— 
*8 
H U 
7U 
EDO toe 
A 
W 
1o+8 io n 
1o71 + u 
7 'b 
3' 4 EganM 
X 
7 
22 
5*4 
5U 
5*4 
9’ 7 
4+8 EhrenP 
Ma 
7 
97 
AU 
A 
AU. 
9U 
4' 4 ElcorCp to 
I 
1o9 
A' J 
A 
AH + 
+% 
7 
4' 3 El Hose 
1or 
M 
5 
4+. 
4+. 
5U 
I* . 
El Aud D 
21t 
• 
94 
4 +% 
4+8 
4 *4 . to’. 
9' 3 Electrog 
I 
A 
27 
W U 
13+4 
14 U + 
Vt 
17*. 
7U ElecEng 
X 
Elec t Res 
A 
41 
8+8 
7H 
8U + 
+7 
3H 
1*4 
76 
H i 
1+4 
I U — u 
TIU toto Flee Am I 2o '• 
25 
21 
X U 
2oH + 
+8 
7'% 
4' 3 EngyRs 
ErnstEC 
64 
9 
46 
AV. 
A 
A 
— 
H 
11*4 
A' 3 
5 
8o n u 
1o+4 ll 
+ 
1/4 
7 ' 7 
1+8 Ero ind to 
3 h i 
H I 
H i 
I 
4 <4 E spey M I 
6 
14 
5 U 
SU 
SU— 
Va l l ' . 
4*4 Esq Rad 
39e 
5 
I 
9to 
9 H 
9H + v* 
9'% 
AU Esse* Ch 
32 
6 
361 
9to 
87l 
9H + 
' 3 
3+8 
1+7 E t/L av 
138 
IS 
3 
2+4 
2+4 - 
U 
WU 
7’ 7 EvanAr 
2or ll 
36 
W U 
14+4 
15+%- 
U 
I3to 
IIH 
Exec Ind 
4 
15o 
13 
I H I 
IH 'b— I 
7 ' b 
3to Exec ufo 27t 
W 
9 
4+8 
4H 
4H 
5’ 7 
I 
F D I Inc 
Ole ll 
75 
3 
2+4 
27l 
AU 
3 
F PA Corp to 
6+8 
AU 
A U + 
+8 
7*8 
I 
Fablnd 
?5e 
4 
27 
5to 
5H 
5 U + 
Vft 
6*4 
3 
Fabien 
o51 2o 
39 
3H 
3 
3 
- 
H 
3 
+4 F airT e* 
33 
IU 
I U 
1U + 
'/ft 
5U 
Ha FairfNob 
66 
2*8 
2 
JU 
4*8 
7' 3 Fairm C 
We to 
8 
3U 
3*8 
3U — 
U 
41'. 
X U 
Falcons 
I IO 
544 
X ’* 
3A7l 
4o*7 + 
2' 3 
8** 
4' 3 Fam Dolr 
X 
6 *3? 
A 
5H 
5+4 
3' 8 
1*8 FamlRec 
15e to 
TH 
2*4 
2*4— 
*8 
13 
BU 
FannyF 
5oe 
7 
X toto 
97/e 
1oH + 
7l 
7U 
I 
F as h F ab 
93 
I U 
I 
I 
19 
7*a FayDrg toe ll 
121 
W U 
W H 
W U— J Vft 
IAU to' 7 Fed M art 
M 
5 
15 
W H 
14 
14 
— 
H to’ a ll 
FedRlty I 24 13 
17 
W’l 
14*7 
WH 
AU 
4 
FedRes 
816 
5*4 
4U 
5*8 + 
’ % 
21 to 
• 
Felmnt 
2oe 19 
271 
18+8 
177/e 
18 7l + 
' I 
IO'a 
5 
Felsway 
36 
5 
26 
9U 
87l 
9U + 
Vft 
3’ j 
'a 
F ib reb rd WI 
6115 16 
7/8 to to k l 
16 
5’ a 
Ha Fidel co 
42 
278 
2H 
2U + 
+8 
5*4 
I' a F ilm C p A 
171 
17* 
I U 
I 7* + 
Vft llto 
5’ . 
Film w y 
o5r to 1779 
I IH 
9H 
11*7 + 
IU ll 
SU FinGen 
X 
A* 135 
IO7. 
1o+3 
1o7l + 
Vft 
IO' 3 
5'a 
FinGnA 
X 
*2 toto 
IOU 
1 o U - u 
SU 
5’ 7 FfConn 
25e ll 
79 
7*4 
6*7 
7*4 + 
*7 
2U15 Id F stH a rtfd 
4 
IU 
1*8 
1U + 
*8 
4+. 
3’ . 
FSI Hr! pl 5o 
33 
4U 
4 
4+8 k u llto 
5’ a FsfSL Sh to 
143 
1o+4 io n 
1 o V " 
V* 
4 to 
IU 
Fstmrk 
3 
I 
H i 
H i 
17’ 4 
9 '. 
FischrP 
X I 
A 
64 
14 
13U 
137l + u 
17U 
13' 7 FitchbG I 44 
9 
A 
IAU to* 7 to7l + 
H 
2U 
IU 
Flagg 
Flagstaff 
147 
IU 
I U 
1U + 
U 
6*8 
2' 7 
A 
49 
4H 
4U 
4 VI­ 
' I 
8 ’ a 
4*. 
Flavrlnd 
17 
IO 
7*4 
7V* 
TH. to*. 
8 
Flight St 
o9e to 
167 
13*4 
M V 
13*8 + 
' I 
1*4 9 16 Flock 
29 
U U 16 
U + 
Id 
S 
Ha FlaCap 
6 
X 
$ 
4+4 
4 U — u 
IU 
2+4 FlaRck to 
91 
4 
3*7 
37/8— 
+8 
5 
Ha 
Flow Gen 
A 
77 
47i 
4 * 7 
4H 
X 
V a 
Flowers 
AO 
A 
37 
19 
H U 
1 8 U - 
*7 
I TU 
13+8 FlukeJ l l 
198 
I A+* 
15 7'e 
16+4 + 
I 
24*4 
13’ 4 Fly DiaO 
9 
888 
24+4 
22+7 
24+1 + 
I 
AU 
3*4 Foodrm 
X 
4 
14 
A 
SU 
5+e- 
' I 
H U 
7'e Foodwys 
X 
FooteM 
25e 
S 
73 
11+8 
IOU 
1o*4— 
+ 4 
9*8 
I 
IO 
5 
BU 
8 
8 
- 
H 
37 
28 
Foote p f? 2o 
*A 
31 
3oH 

U» 
O 

' 7 
93 
72*. FordCan 
5a 
6 75oo 
87 
86*7 
8A+7 + 
Vt 
9’ a 
4 
ForestC o5e 
• ll 
7+4 
7H 
7U + 
' 8 
4to 
7*8 

'n 

* raia 

A 
19 
3U 
2+8 
3 toto 
I ' t 
FoxStaP 
5o 
IO 
72 
9 
SU l u ­ 
H 
4 
Ito 
FranklnRt 
18 
3+4 
3H l u io u 
AU FrankNu 36 
A 
37 
9U 
» 
9+4 toto to 
F ra n tr 8oa 
6 
*3 
IAU 
16+7 
IAU 
73' 4 to '. 
Fresn.llo 
X 
54 *82 
22*. 
21 
2H% + 
7* 
6 
3' 7 Friedm 
Mb 
6 
37 
5U 
5+4 
5U + u 
3 
V 7 FriendFr 
14 ll 
JU 
H i 
2+8 + 
H 
IO’ 7 
AU Frigtm p 551 
A 
1o9 
SH 
8 
8 
- 
H l l ’ a 
A '. 
Frischs 
3ob 
9 
IO 
7U 
7 
7U + 
'/« 
8 to 
5' a Front Air 
19t 
4 
4o 
A-1 
A+4 
AH 
3*4 
1*4 
FrontA.r wt 
J 
JU 
2+7 
2' 7 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

G 
H 
I 

 v 
I >4 
U U 
7’ 3 
I I H 
JU 
S '. 
H U 
SU 
2H 
JU 
U H 
AU 
7U 
JU 
I 
AH 
A '. 
TU 
18’ x 
SH 
1o*4 
5H 
38 
6’ 7 
IT 
19’ 3 
13 
W' 7 
7 
5 
WU 
IT U 
IU 
AU 
SU 
73*. 
A*. 
SU 
AU 
TU 
37*. 
6' 4 
AU 
6’ 7 
7*. 
IS 
IO1 7 
IO'* 
TU 

I 
BU 
IJH nu 
S’ 7 
71H 
7*. 
14*. 
IU 
AU 
IV 3 
Al* 
17 
TU 
JU 
TU 
A*. 
AU 
TA. 
I 
U U 
JU 
JA U 
I 
34*. 
X U 
M U 
I H 
A'. 

74 l l * * 

2 
3U 
IH 
I 
49 
I 
35 
I t 
69 
19 
111 
IS 
19 
12 
19 377o 
I I H 
186 
2' 
27 
17 
I? 
9 
SA 
• 3 

AU 
2' 7 
AU 
IO 
4H 
H 
?’ • 

IU 
?U 
I U 
SU 
IU 
AU 

W U 
IOU 
IT 
3U 
4 *. nu ii 

 i 
47 
18 
IS 
IO 
SA 
8 *18 
JI 
X 
7 
38 
I 
SA 
SA 
89 

TU 
21 
4H 
TH 
AU 
TU 
88 
37 

IS 16 G IT Ind 
IO 
8 U 
J 
GR I Cp 
2o3 
I 
GSCEn 
42c IO 
9 
J. G T I 
13 
SH Gabriel 
X 
4 
Galaxy 
I 
S a ran 
6o 
I' j G a rc ia 
TU Garland 
SU GatesLrjet 
H e Gaylord 
15e 
' ? Gaynor 
I U GnEm p 
Wr 
3 *. Gen Exp 
IU G nHou* 
4 
U G nR ecre 
I' 7 Gange 
6 
I U Genisco ll 
5** Genov Dr 
6 
IU Goon Ind 
7' 7 G erber 
6 
13*. G.antFd la 
S 
18 
IT 
3H G iant Yet 
94 
526 
SU 
7' 7 G ladding 
1o1 
JU 
?' 7 Glasrock 
76 
SU 
76' 3 GlaWltr 1 X 
6 
13 
35U 
3*. GlenGer 
16 IW 
IO 
S'a 
AU Glen Dis 
44t 
8 
154 
IT 
W H Globe In 
TO 
6 *73 
9' 3 Glosser 
32 
5 
5 
8 *. GloocsfE 
4 
?s 
7*. Glover toe 
5 
JU G ld b latt 28 l l 
*6 
TU GoldnCyc 
X 
SI 
I ’ n GoldnW 
36e 
7 
99 
U G o ld field 
76913 16 
IH GoodLS o7r 
JI 
JU 
TH Goodrich wt 
158 
15 
GormR 
AOa 
8 
6 
2U GooldlT 
?4e 27 *2? 
AH GrndCtl 
X 
6 
729 
2*. GI Am Ind 
4 
45 
TH GtBas.nP 
68 S1o5 
75 '. GtLkCh 
M 14 
4U GlLakR 
22r 
9 
TH Green mn 
4 
4 '. Greer Ny 
12 
S 
4H G R E IT 
X IO 
IO 
OrossTlc 
I 
I 
AU GrowC 
38) 
6 
AU GuardC 
X 
A*. Guillord 
X 
34*. 
X U GHOCan 
1o8 I 
IO '. 
4U G H R epFn 
4 
TH 
JU G g lfslrm 
Mi. 9 16 H alcoPd 
5 
14*. 
6 *. HallsMot 
77 
6 
JU HampD 
15e IS 
3’ . H am p ln 
3 
IO1* Hannfrd l l 
S *3S 
8’ . ManvrSh 
X 
S 
S 
2 *. HanSqRt 
JI 
16 
Marland 
X IO 
156 
X 
JU MartfdZd 
114 
AU 
IO 
H a rt/M 
JO 
I2 *2 X 
' • H arvey 
6 
51 
J17 Hasbro 
OSe 
4 
IO2 
AH Hasbng 
4oa 
I 
St 
3 
H a w a ii 
IOT 
J 
X 
5 
HeallhCh l l 
AS 
3 H HeatthM 
X 
4 
37 
I U Hemic k 
We 
8 
ISI 
I 
Heitm M tg 
IAT 
2' 3 H.GInc 
31 
24 
AU Hi Shear 
3 
J U H ighland 
18 
JU H.llhavn 
37 
S 
54 i ' 7 Hiplrntc 
X IS *36 
I U H o lm an 
74 
39 
TSU HolngA 
ISO IO 
3 
2 
HollyC p 
IO 
TAJ 
M ' 7 HomeOA 
TS 8 
47 
JO' 3 HomeOB 
75 I 
21 
IAU Hormel I 
12 7 
JI 
4U H o rn H ar 
5 » 
SU HospM 
6oe l l 
34 
W U 
H U Hoi el In I 37e 
U IO? 
8'e 
4U Mo us Ron 
X $ 
*9 
I 
HouseV. 
32 12 
35 
A*. M osM lnn 
71 
27 

IU 
J U iv . 
I U 
U H 
U H 
AU 
4H 

2 
.............. 
3 
IHA* 
U 
IU 
U H 
AU 
AU + 
U 
2 U A* 
H 
J U — 
' 7 
AH— 
H 
AU ■ 
U - 
' . 
I t o - 
U 
IOU*** iv. 
7 
I 
J U — 
U 
I U - u 
5 U — 
' I 
IU 
AH 

AU 
TU 
JU 
AH 
AU 
U 
IU 
AU 
IU 
I 
JU 
IU 
SH 
IH 
AU wu wu— 
TU 
T U ­ 
S H — 
SU 
3SU-F s 

3 H 
S 
IS '. 
AH 
Wnu io u 
H U 
3 
4 

Id’ 74 
' . 
W U 4 IH 
IOU 4 
I . 
12 
— 
U 
JU 4 
U 
AU 4 
H U 
I I H — IU 
WH 
U 
2 
I 

I U 
SU 

SH 
3H 
SU 
A'. 

5H 
I 
W U 
AH 
AU 
U 

 ll 
U — I 16 
I 
4 
U 
TU— 
U 
M U 
X U 4 
U 
4'> 
AH 4 
U 
TH — 
U 
6*4 4 
'4 
AU 4 
U 
36'. 
IA U — 
U 
S U — 
U 
3 H - 
' . 
SH— 
U 
A U - 
' ■ 
W H 4 
U 
* 
9*7 
AU 

SH 
3H 
SH 
A 
W U 
W H 
* U 
J U 
AU 
* '» 
5 
AU 
2AU 
76' • 
26' 7 A 
IOU 
IO 
IO*. 
SU 
I 
14 
A1 1 
SH 
I? 
W U 
IO' I 
AU 
AU 

AH l l '! 
U U 
I 
9 
AH 
AU 
TU 
TU 
? '. 
IU 
3H 
AU 
SH 
AH 
AH 
3 
M U 
A 
M U 

SH - 
U 
I 
W HA 
'1 
AH- 
'. 
S' 7— 
'/. l l 
- I 
1 o *4 A 
Vt 
A H - 
I I H l l * . - IU 
A '*4 
'-I 
U U 
H IS 16 
I I* 
•' 7 
AU 
4 
TU 
TU 
IU 
IU 
3 
AU 
SH 
AU 
SU 
J U 
TI 
5*4 
MV. 
JAH 
2A 
TA* 4 
2SU 
2SU 
A 
SH 
SU 
TH 
12 *4 
A' 7 
AH 
I 

I U A 
AH- 
A 
— 
TU 
TU 
2 
A 
IH A 
J U — 
AU 
5H 
AU * 
A 
4 
JU 
M 
- 
A 
4 
T IU 4 
Jal 

Yearly 
High la w 
2U 
AV, 
2U 
WH 
H U 
38’ » 
2U 
SH 
AU 
W H 
4 
9 
TU 
IO 
7U 
7U 
V t l l ’ 7 
3 
19* 4 
IIH nu 
3U 
23U 
28'. 
7H 
TU 
3H 

Sale* 
Net 
(hdt.) High lo w last Chg. 
“ 
I U 
I H 
I U 
3 U 
?’/* 

26 
3U 
2 H 

75'. 
24H 
IU 
IU 
4 
SU 
3U 
5U 

 iv . i.n d m rk 
2'7 Laneco 
.1? 4 a 
I U L a T o u rB 
A 1o9 
AH LeaRon 
4oa 
7 
13 IOU 
IO 
TH LeathCo 
SO 
7 
22 IOU 
IS 
LeeEntr 
M U 
6o 
I' 3 Lee Natl lo 
3 
LeePhar 
5 19 
3 
LehighPr 
5 
J 
AH LeighPd 
AO 
S 
I H U 
H U 
I ' . Le .sure T 
3o 
J U 
I U 
AU Levitt In 
24 5 
14 
SU LewisBF 
3o 
8*132 
4 H LibtyFab 
5 36 
4 
Lightolr 
16 
7 12 
4 
LilliAnn 
W B 
4 
2 U Lin cln A m 16 
1o6 
4 
LIOydsEI 
6 54 
IU Lodges 
Ile S 
AO 
U U Lohmn 8oa I 
*17 IA H 
4 * 4 LoewThe wt 
468 
SU 
4 U Loaicon 
A 
425 13U 
IU Logistic 
Ode 
6 
34 
3U 
A 
LaGenSv 82 
6 3! 
W H LouisCe I 32 
7 
S 
SU Lundy Et ll 
I 
I 
LynchC p 
3 78 
I 
Lyn nw ear 
12 

J H A 
2U 4 
IO 
A 
AU 
IO 
- 
24 U - 

7 
7U 
SU 
7U 
AU 
3 U 
6H 
2H 

AU 
7 
SU 
AU 
A*. 
3 H 
AU 
IV* 
IA U 
SU l l 
3U 
21U 
21H 
21U 
27' 7 
27' j 
27' 74 
3' 1 
V t — 
3 
IU 

17/* A 
3U 
SH­ 
U H 
'JHA 
A7/»— 
7 "j4 
8 V4— 
7 
A 
AU­ 
SU A 
A H — 
2 H 4 
18'1— 
BUA 
13U A I H 
JU 

3 'j 
3U 
I U 
3U l'/4- 

?U 
9 
8 * 4 
IU 
17 
5U 
9' 7 
5'7 
6' ? 
7 
ISH 
IOU 
A 
8U 
3? '4 
IO' 7 
39 ’ n 
4U 
17’ * 
TH 
IH 
SU 
72H 
4 U 
1 4 *. 
9’ 7 
3U1 
4 U 
9H 
8 ' . 
X ’ 7 
17 
WU 
3 
U U 
IAU 
7’ 7 
IH 
4 U 
14’ 7 
3*. l l ' . 
8 
15H 
7*4 
74 H 
23's 
?' 7 
39 

. M - N - O 
1*8 MDC Corp 
I 
JU M PO 
5 
24 
7 
MWA 
X 12 
4 
'? M acrod 
4 
1oo15 16 
13'. M ePbS I 4o 7 *14 
16' 7 
2U M am m th 
A 
3' ? Mngood 
3 U MannLfe 
X 
8 
3U Man sfT 
o2r 
5 
13 16 M arin d q 

I' 7 
8'e 
7U 

59 
4H 
13 
4 
5o 
SU 
74 
SU 
43111 16 
17' 4 Mark CII n X 6 
19o 
W H 

7' 7 
U 
6 *. 
4 V. 
3 U 
4U 
5H 
U 
U U 

 u l u ­ a u a 
7'7 
U A 3 16 
IA U — 
' ? 
4'/.— 
H 
4 
— 
U 
5 '1 4 
U 
SU— 
'1 
I 
IS 

Yearly 
High le w 

Sale* 
Ne* 
(hdt.) High la w la *t Chg. 

S - T - U 

AU 
2’ 8 
17U 
3 U 
AH 
14U 
U H 
15H 
IO 
IOU 
1o7 U 
89 
71 
S IU 
69 

16r 
7 
NU 
IU 
23 
A 
18 
IH 
*29 
IAU 
16 
33 
2 H 
TU 
S 

5U SGL 
IU SGSec 
U H S G S ep fl 7o 
H . SM D 
4 U SSPlnd 
33e 76 
33 
7U STPCp 
8o 12 
OO i i* * * 
««e 
V 7 Safetran 
I 
53 
. .. 
H 
BH Salem 
8^1 
7 i* 
AU 
7’ . 4 
H 

BUA 
U 
I'd — 
'8 
IA U A 
H 
2 H — 
'» s a u 
U H 
13U— 
I* 
VU 
H H * IH 

I'M 

6 
SCarlo 
63e 
8’e SDgo pf 
88 n 
SDgo pf 9 84 
SDgo pf 7 8o 
SDgo pf 7 X 
SDgo pt 2 68 

IH 
4 IU 
3U 
IOU 
AU 
12 
6 
IOU 
8 U 
3U 
2 1U 

U SERE wt 
X ’ 8 SanJW 2 IO 
IU Sargent 
5*. Saundr L 
3o 

I'? Schiller 
AH School P 
4o 
5’ 4 Schrader 
3o 
IU Sci Mot 
o9e 
IO' j Sc.Alia 
I? 
TO'* <U-nneln 
5oe 
TO 

4+8 Marlene 
3 
31 
7H 
A’I 
A’l — 
U 
3to Marsh Fd 
A 
5U 
S 
5*8 + 
+8 
4U 
Marsh In 
4 
34 
7 
A’I 
7 
18' a M artP r 
4oe 
6 
194 
19+/4 
19+8 
19H + 
H 
6+a Mas'nd 
X a 
5 
39 
9U 
9+% t u ­ v4 
M U 
Masneiln 
M 
A 
74 
38 
37 U f t 
+ 
H 
H a 
M asters 
A 
12 
4 H 
4 * 8 
4 H + 
U 
4U 
Mater Re 
X 
IO a 
IOU 
IOU 
IOU— v* 
4 
Maul Br 
Wb 
A i i 
4+. 
4*7 
4+%— 
U 
U 
M cC rory wt 
I 7 16 7 to 
7 to 
2' J M cC ulO 
22 
3 4 4 
3H 
3 
3*8— 
U 
A U 

IT 
OD 

£it 

C 

CT 
5 

I 
*29 
IS H 
17*/. 
17+4. 
IU 
McKeon 
93 
4 
3H 
3+4- 
'/< to' 7 Means F I o8 
8 
IS 
13V. 
13 
131/4 + 
H 
5+a Medals! 
44 
A 
51 
B U 
7H 
8U + 
Vt 
16 M edalnG p 
63 
H I 
IH 
H i 
IU 
MedcoJw 
17 
9 
I 
I 
2 
5’ a Mad en co 
X 
6*244 
9+7 
8+ 4 
8+8 + 
+% 
2' j Medfield 
4 
M 
5+4 
5U 
5 Ve­ 
Vt 
WU 
Media Go 
4o 
8*472 
19*8 
18 to 
- to 
7to Megolnt 
X 
M E M Co 
I 
4 
9o 
13 
M U 
124%— to l l' j 
A 
19 
W’l 
W H 
17H + u 
U Mercntlle 
8V» Mete* 
16'b M etpth 
'* Metrocar 
H M etroGrt 
IU M ichGen 
9’* MichSug 
I 
?H MichS pf 24 
5’ 7 M icklbry 
Id 
3' 1 MidldCo 
IO 
9U MidiGIs 
X 
3H M iller M 

3o 
4 
35 
63 
5? ll 
H I 
85 
47o 
7 
13 
A 
19 
7 

3 
AU 
17 V. 
IU 
IH 
4' 8 

J 
A 
16*8 
IU 
IU 
4 
U U l l* * 
3' 8 
JU 

13*. M iller WO 
6o 
9*24? 
24H 

12 ll 
7 

U H Mi I Roy 
25 
8 *8o 
H MissnlT 
1o4 
U U MoPfc R I 46 
49' 7 
24*. MitchlE 
IO”. 
33*. 
6 
5? 
53 
13U 
6*8 
TU 
6 * 4 
2 V 7 
H U 
?H 
8 ’ 7 
8U 
5*8 
75 
7’ b 

2 
- 
9 U 4 
IA H — 
IU . 
I H * 
4 
— 
12 
A 
3 U 4 
6’i A 
5 
A 
11U - 
6*. 
73’ i 

IOU Scr.vner 
12*8 ScurryR 
A' 7 SbdAIMil 
X 
2’ » Seaictro 
' 7 Seaport 
2’ a SeaprI pf 56 
I U Searslnd 

17 
J IH 
9’ 7 

 f t 
5'k 
4' b 
IO 
7' 3 SeasnAII 
26 
3U13 Id SecM tqln 
5 16 3 3? SecM ttn wt 
BU 
4> a SetasCp 
3o 
2 ll 16 SciigAssc 
A*. 
3*. Semtch 
181 
AH 
3' 7 Servisco 
X 
B H 
? ' 3 Servo 
SU 
5*8 SetonCo 
45 
4U 
2H ShaerS 
25e 
14' 7 
1os* Sharon 
I 
7*. Shawm 
5ob 
IU SheltrR 
3*. ShndCp 
X ' 7 ShenanO 
1*» Shop well 

2 to to io n 
1o+8 + 
' 8 
75o 1o5 
1o5 
1o5 
— 
Vft 
715o 
725o 
87' 3 
8o 
87+7 
8o 
87U. 
8o 
— 
V t 
M 
29* j 
29U 
29'1— 
'% 

75 
64 to ’ 3 
11+ft to 
- 
+4 
27 
I 
IU 
I 
IU . 
Va 
7 
37 
37 
37 
- 
I 
87 
3to 
3H 
3 V 
' I 

1 
25 
9’1 
9*7 
9’1 + 
' I 
IO *87 
7’% 
A’l 
7 
+ 
*4 
I 
5 
26 
H U 
IOU 
IOU— 
34 
6 
JU 
3H 
3+%— 
' 8 
A 
A 
7*4 
7 
I 
8 
64 
AH 
AU 
6*4 
19 
48 
IV* 
2 
2*4 . 
J* ll 
118 
17+8 
I A’l to 
— 
5711oo 
33*7 
32 
32H + 
Vt 
$ 
14 
W U 
14 
14 
I) 
4 
I9H 
19U 
1 9 U - 
H 
4 
29 
9+ 7 
9 
9 H + to 
24 
55 
4 
3+4 
4 
+ 
V* 
9 
22 
IH 
IU 
IU 
V* 
72oo 
5' I 
5 'I 
5*8 + a 
3H 
3H 
3 H — u 
12x418 
X toto 
18to+ 
+8 
161 
2*8 
2+% 
2 H — 
' 4 
14 
'/ft 7 3? 7 32— I 37 

U ' 4 
4U 
8 '8 
33 
3 * 4 

24t 

8 *15 
8 
7 
13 
17 ll 
22 

6*8 
IU 
4U 
5U 
5'7 
7U 
3H 

AU 
I 
4U 
5*7 
5''4 
7*8 
3U 

6 V4 4 
I 
47/e 
5 U - 
5*8 
7 H - 
3H 4 
93 
14 
6 
8 U 
72 
JU 
39 
I 

IV J 
13U A 
8U 
8 U — 
2 
2 
— 
AU 
6U 
X 3 
27 U 
26'1 
26U - 
16 
2U 
2H 
2U 
19' 7 
12' 3 Showbot 
5H 
IU ShulmTr 
5 H Sierrcin 
X 
8*8 Sifcolnd 
5o 
SU Sigma 
7oe 
2sb SikesCp A 
3' j Silo inc 

8H 
14 
8U 
4' 7 
9'8 
IOU 
JU 
TH 
4U 
IOU 
6’ 7 

6 *1 5 
17'* 
IAU 
W U A 
AO 
2’ • 
IU 
2U — 
7U A 
14 
8 
79 
75 
184 

7H 
9H 
8 
2U 
AU 

AU 
9U 
7H 
2H 
7Vi 
6 
Sim kins 8o I *46 
IOU 
IOU 
I U Sim plex 
IO 
35 2 U 
2U 
IU SitkinSR 
3o 
IU Soiitron 
IM 
9U SonderBr 
3? 
5 *13 

AH 
A'* 
5 
5 
I IH ll 
AU 
A’ 7 
23 U 
15V. W H W U i u iv* i u — u 
32 
M U 38 
38UA 
H 
445 
42U X U 42H 
U 
85 
8U 
I U 
I U — 
’ * 
I X 
32 U X U 32 
— 
H 
3o 
5H 
5*» 
SHA 
’ * 
TIO 
SOU SOU X U 
1V4 
/2 M 
53 
53 
53 
A 
2 
H U UV. 
5U 
5U 
S 
4 ’ 7 
5H 
4H 
IS' a 
IOU 
IU 
5 
8' * 
JU 
77 
21U 

H U A 
5U A 
5 
- 
4 U - 
14U 
W U - 

3' ? MlteCp 
X 
AU Molycrp wt 
4 *. Mon Mg! 
X 
5 
44 
MonP pf 4 4o 
44 
MonP pf4 X 
8’ b Moog 
X 
I 
3H MfgGth 
Me 33 
4H Mortons 
32 
4 
3' j M otts SM 
I 
M U M tV M il I X 23 
4' 7 MovStar 
44 
6 
I 
Movielab 
I 
3' 3 Multi Am 
X 
A 
JU Napco 
Hie 
7 *36 
7’ b NardaM 
X 44 
7 
U U Nat CSS 
X 
8 
5 
N Distr 
Id 
I 
IO 
SU 
2 '8 11 16 
N a lH lth E 
7 
21o 
IU 
7'e 
' J N a tln d wt 
119 
H 
7U 
IU NK.nney 
1887 
2U 
12' 7 
6 
NtParag X 
4 
47o 
8H 
13 
AU N tP a ten t 
28 1558 
1 2 'j 
I I H 
U U 
2H NtSilver 
!5e 
2 '. NtSpinng 

IO' 4 
I* . 
4'J 
7 A. 
3H 

IO' a— 
U 
I*/. 
4H— 
Vt 
B 
A 
U 
J' 7 
. . 
W H . X 
- IU 
SA, 
5U A n iv. 
IU 
U A Id 
2H 
7H A 
U 
7*. 
I 

SU l l 
4*4 
4H 
• H 

• 
U H + 
B k 
4 H + 
• 'a 
AoU 
32' . MouO.IM K 72 43o6 
4 *H 
45'7 
47U 
22*. 
TH 
JJU 
37 
SH 
SH 
4 IV . 
IJH 
4 
JS’ a 
SU 
IOU 
AH 
4U 

U U MowelC 
X 
8 
I ' . Mowed 
I Se 
J 
17' 7 MubeliA I X IO 
M U MuoedB I X IO 
3H Muck Mfg 
X 13 
IU MudsnGn 
31 
Mud BO 
I $2 
8 
A 
Mutfman 
X 
5 
2 
MuntHit 
IS* s 

16’ 7 
4 '. 
ISH 
4U 
W HA 
4U A 
16 
35 
14U 
34’ 7- 
•5 
IS H 
35U 
3SH A 
4 
4H 
4'. 
SU 
5 
17 
IO 
J3H 
J IH 
» 
62 

4* 4 
$ 
J1H- 
U U 
IJH 
U H A 
SU 
3H 
JU A to' 3 MuskyO 
IO 
1*2529 24H 
23H 
73U— 
3 
M yceilnc 
18 aa 4 
J U 
J U 
T U 'V M R 
*)6 
SU 
SU 
SU 
S 
I MC M« 
X 
A 
8 7 
AU 
7 
A 
TU 
ISCE.nl 
W 
Al JU 
V , 
J U - 
J 
J* {Y lC p w. 
SEIS I i 
U IS W A V K 

111 IA to I rn pG rn o7e 
8 
4 4 IH 1S U IS 16 
I It 
AU 
IU Imper Ind ll 
2 H 
2H 
2H 
TAH 
IAU tmpO.IA 86 IO 
4o4 
7 V . X U 
X U 

1 
2 
2 
7 
IU Inarco 
• ' 7 t n c o t r m 
1 J 
4 ) 
I 
InttightS v 
4 o 
I*» (note* 
H 
JU Instron 
X 
*25 
?' a ll W Inctr Sys 
1686 
24 
TU ln»Sy pf 2S« 
JO 
I U In te g R e i 
S 
J2 
2 *. tnirmed 
W 1o3 
SU IndJllum 
X 
7 l l 
IU intB nknt 
16 
823 

JU 
X U 
TU 
V t 
7*4 

J U 

W U n u 
W U 
IU 
I U 
I U 
IU 
IU 
AU 
T H E 
H IS 16 
I It 

14' 1 
4 't 
73 
JU 
JU 
IS '. 
7' 7 
A' 7 
4’ 4 to 
I' 7 
U H 
ISH 
TU 
W' 7 
4U 
I 
19 
AU 
16 
AH 
A 

H U 
WU 
X U 
U U 

T & 

8 * 4 
IU 
TU 

IV 7 IntCoor 
28 
A X 
IU IntEdSvc 
JA 
IU IntF unrl 
OSe 
I 67 
• int Gen In 
AO 
5 41 
IU Int Prom 
$ 166 
4*» int Seaw 
2Se 
J 64 
I ' * In tS trtch 
7 4 
ISH IntSyCon 
25 
A SX 
'7 Inlerp h o t 
4 
AU Inter pool 
I si U U 
Id 
S 
In te r way 
7 4o3 U U 
W U 
I 
In veil Fie 
X 
1*1 
IU 
!TVR Vi 
B l 
J 
J* 
‘• ’ a 
7H InvDvB OSe 
5 TW 
4U 
4U 
TH •nv R ,Tr 
W2 
A'7 
A 
IJ 
Ionic* 
IS 131 19 
17 
AU troqB rd 
X 
A *3 ! 
TU 
7 
U U IroqBrnd pl 
79 
J*, trvinlnd 
IAI 
I 43 
AH Iv a e i D 
/Se 
Id 

I 

7 
. 
IOU 
I U 
TH 
U U l l 
JU 
J* 
13 
U H 
U H 
I H iv . 
114 
2U 
I U 
T U I 
U H 
IJ H 
IJ H 
AU 
SH 
AHT 
HA 
TU 
8 
- 
I U 
IU 
(U A 
M U 
2SH 
TAH 
7 
I 
IS 16 
I 
A 

I U - 
IU 
TU 
IJ H 
3 H 

ISH 
AH 
7 

W U 
Ak* 
AH 

W H f 
IT 
A 
I U — i t u - 
4U — 
A' 7 A l i n t m 
7 
A 
1SU A 
AH 
AU f 

AU Jactyn 
12'. Jacob* n 
4' 1 J am *Wy OST 
BU Jeannet 
X 
2 
Jelronic 
Tv. Job. 1 Pa 
J* 
TH Juniper P 
TH Jupiter 
J*, k Tai I n 
4 Se 
• 
K a .vtn d 
76 kaneM .II wt 

I K 
L x s i i 

 to 
KnGE pl 4 X 
4U KapokT 
1or 
J*. KayCp 
41« ken win 
4U ketchm 
U U Kewanee 
72 l l 4*86 
43'e 
X H 
43 k IU 

4' 
1 
• U 
Id' 7 
SU 
S4' 7 
TH 
AH 
AU 
TU 
43'. 
JU 
A*. 
4 
2 t ll 
37 U 
SU 
6 '. 
IO'. 
17'» to 
AU 
I . ■ 
. ... 
„ 
4 
JU L SB md tor s 
TU 5 Id L T VCorp wt 
4U 
TU La Sarge 
o6 W 
AU 
J *. LaMi.ur to 8 
, 
AU 
4*» I a Po,of 
JOe 8 
•OU 
SH laQ uinta 
7 
' 
U U AU I aly Rad 
I t 
7 
TU 
I H LakeShor 
4 

JIA 
JOA i i 
1o1 x 
136 
25 s 
. t o g 

 f i x 
ST 
^ 
; 
X 
29 
53 
J4a 
5 i t 
IOT 
5 to 

TU 
W U 
W U n 
JU 

5 4 
SU 
SU 

. f : 
AU 
U U 
JU 
TU 
JU 
AU 
S l l 
IAU 
ISH 
IAU 
4*1 
4 
A 
SI 
AH 
SH 
TU 
SH 

7* • A 

I U 
A lf 
JU f 
I U A y 7 
S '.4 
SUA 

4’ 7 
4H 
AU 
W U 
IO*. 
3 '. 
JU 
? u 
34' 7 
ITH 
I U 
36' 7 
IAH 
17*. 
ISH 
74*. 
7' 7 
3 
IAU 
S 
5 
12*8 
SH 
13 Id 
IAH 
AH 4 
SAU 
5 U nu 
U H 
A'* 
I3 H 
71 
7U 
46 
I2U 
IOU 
23H 
SI 
JU 
IO' 7 
7U to’ 7 
I 
IJH 
3U 
7H 
4*8 

I H NatSysT 
IO 
NatwMo 
J 
V 4 Ne.sner 
IU NellyDon 
1*« Nelson 
LB 
IU N estL M 

’ ? Nldria 
o4e 
ISH N M e*A r 
9’ 3 NProc 
Ale 

TO 
1b 

14t 

AH NevW>En 
14 
Newcor 
3U New prk 
IU Nexus 
H H NiagESv 
SA 
7'4 Nichols 
27t 
2 
N oeltnd 
3’ # Nole* 
2 '* Norteh 
o4 

4 
15 
4*8 
3*8 
J’l — 
H 
147 
45 
4 +% 
4 
4 * 4 + to 
IO 
46 
4' J 
4' I 
4 H + 
U 
I 
IS toto 
IOU toto + 
' I 
5 
4*4 
4*8 
4 V — 
Va 
I 
IU 
Ito 
I t o — 
Va 
32 
26 
2 + 4 
2 
J U + 
Vft l l 
H i 
1+4 
IU — 
U ll 
44 
X U 
X U 
28*4— 
+. l l 
24 to+4 
IAU to to 
8 
249 
1+4 
Ito 
IU 
99 
32 
34 
31to 
32U— I 
IO 
142 
1o*7 
IO 
1o*4 + 
' I 
o 8 
297 
IAU 
15+« 
1AU + 
V* 
5 
79 to' 7 toto 
Id' a— 
H 
6 
3 
X U 
19+4 
19 U — to 
A 
257 
6*4 
5’1 
6*8 
A 
19 
Ito 
IU 
1to 
4 
23 
14+7 toto 
13*8— u 
4 ll 
4*4 
AU 
4U + u 
5 
25 
2’I 
?to 
2 H — u to 
191 
4' 4 
4 
4 
— 
+ 7 to 
46 
3H 
3 'l 
3*8— 
' I 
115 3 16 
U 
U — u 
8 
Nor Am R to 
9 
88 
14*8 
W U 
W U to NorCdnO l l 
359 
7to 
IV* 
7H 
45 
NIPS pf 4 25 
7?4o 
56+4 
53H 
53+4 + 
' 9 
7U 
NovoCp 
NuclDfa to 
2to 
2*7 
2+ t— 
U 
3 
15 
73 
9*8 
8*8 
9 
— 
+4 
8 '. NumacO 
23 
543 to to 
W’l 
W’ e— 
Vft 
3 '* OEAinc 
X 
IO to 
4 
J’l 
3+e— 
' 9 
AU OakwdH 
o9r 
4 
5 
9U 
9*7 
9U + 
H 
13’ ) OH shore 
4 
31 
W U 
17 
17' j * 
V 
4’ * OhioArt 
74a 
6 
I 
A1* 
AH 
AH 
M U 
OhioB 
2 
4 
173 
44H 
38H 
38+%- 
5H 
6>4 Oh Sealy i t 
7 
35 
8+8 
7*8 
I ’l — i/ft 
JU OHalnd 
4oe 
9 i t 
9H 
8*8 
8’ e - 
+8 
WU OnL.neS 
13 
33 
X U 
IAU 
2o 
+ u 
31 
OOkiep 
137 4ooo 
39 
36 f t 
+ 
IU 
I 
O rig.naia 
14 
I Vft 
I Vft 
I U * 
+8 
4 
O rioleH o 
A 
AU 
AU 
6*4 + 
I 
Ormand 
TS 
48 
2’ 7 
2H 
2U 
IOU OSullvn 
AO 
*6 
W ’ 8 
15' 7 
I5 H 
3’ 4 OutdrSp 
OverhDr toe 
S 
97 
TH 
7'1 
7*7 + 
1/ft 
AU 
SO 
I 
AO 
H H ll 
I I U - 
'ft 
2to OversSec 
5 
JU 
JU 
J U — 
' I 
I 
O xfordFt ll 
2 
I 
I 
+ 
*9 
2*a O /arkA lOe 
4 
195 
4H 
I 
4 
— 
' I 

J U 
I U PF ind 
7 Id 
U PN BM R wt 
IU 
«. PSA Inc wt 
ISH to' 4 PGEpf A I X 
17’ . 
W*B PG EplB I 37 
Id 
12*. PGEpfC I 25 
ISH 
12' 7 PG EplD I 25 
1SU 
13 
P G E olE 125 
W U 
12'. PG EplG I X 
3o’ . 
26' » PG EpfT I 54 
31 
26'. PGEptS 7 62 
U U 
IIH PGEpfM I 17 
19 
24’ . PGEpfR 2 37 
TSH 
21*. PG EpfP 2 o5 
25 
X U PG EplO 
I 
IS ' 7 
X ' 7 PG F p lM I 96 
26*. 
22'b PGBptL 2 TS 
25’ . 
71U PG Epf K 2 o4 
27’ t 
23*. PGEpfJ 2 37 
IJ H 
H U PGEpf I I o9 
ISH 
4 '. PMoldg 
16 
W U 
IS 
PHold P H X 
52'. 
43 
Pac Ll pW to 
S2U 
44' 1 PacLt pf4 X 
54>t 
44 
PacLt P W X 
ST*, to '. PacLi pf4 TS 
73*. PacLt p ii t i 
14’ I PNwTel 
I 32 
52 
Pac PLpl 
5 

P - Q - R 
124 
IU 
IU 
I U A 
4 3 16 3 16 3 16 

54 
18 
A 
IAU 
* 
'N 
SA 
IS 
A 
IS 
7 
14 
•A 
X U 
M*-. 
1o9 
31 
19'. 

IT H 
ITH a to to 
— 
IS1 7 
ISUA 
W U 
W H 
W J 
W H— 
U U 
1A 
IV 
J o U A 

92 
X U 
63' 7 
35 
2' 1 
TU 
6 
SH 
U H 
JU 

4U 
SH 
AH 
I 
AH 
7*8 
1o*8 
32V* 
I 
WW 
SU 
I' 7 
TS' 7 
17' 4 
8** 
• U 
W U 
AU 
4H 
H U 
4H 

IS 
UU ll 
UU 
1o99 
M U 27 U 
27U 
W 
24U 23H 
2 3H - 
U 
1o32 
24’ . 23 
23HA 
H 
73 
23U JJU 
23H A 
U 
8 
TAH 76 
JAH A 
*. 
1571 
24H 23'4 
M U A 
U 
13 
TTH 2AH 
77 
ISS 
U l l 
U 
• 
78 
U U W U 
U U A 
U 
*3 
19’ j W U 
W »A 
H 
I4 X 
51 
X U 
X U 
I m o o 
52'* 52' • 
S 2'*~ 
U 
761o 
S IU S IU 
S I H - to 
T IX 
SSU 55U 
SSU 
I IM 
BTU 87U 
BTU A 
IU 
9 *52 
19 
IAU 
18'»— to 
/ I X 
A IU Al 
A IU A 
IU 
22U Pal I Corp 
X U 
IM 
32H 
H U 
12 
I U 
AU 
Sto 
SU ll 
JU 

I U 
JU s 
I 
I I 
JU 
TI 
23'. 
JJU 
72H - 
I 
2to 
2to 
JU 
SI 
47o 
12 
X 
37 
SA 

4H 
AH 
A t 
• U 
IU 
IOU 
IS 
3o’ . 
19 to 
M U A 
Ito 
U U 
4U 
I 
2?' 

TA 
41 
4 

JU 
AU 
JU 
I U 
• u 
AH 

* P a lo m rF 
138 
JU Pa no el B 
3 
J 
Paniast 
3o 
I 
4H Para Pk 
2oa 
S 
TH Park Ch 
Ma 
A 
IU ParkEl toe 
18' j Parsons 
8o S 
2*8 Pal Fash 
5 
IU Pa 1 agon 
7 
3U P a lo * 
I 
2oe 
4 
4 
Peer Ty 
X a 8 
4* 7 Pemcor 
X S 
I ’ . PennDix wt 
A’ s Pen E M 
Ma I 
19 
Pen Tr I 
3ob A 
3*8 PECp 
4o1 
5 
83 
4U 
9 *. Pena IE 
U S 
8 ll U U 
2H PenobS 
X e 
A 
I 
4". 
H Pentron 
I 
24 
I U 
ITH PepBoys 
1b S 
I 72U ll 
Pep Com 
X 4 *24 IAU 
4U Perm. 
Ma 
4 
IU 
TU 
JU Perlac 
8 
SIO 
7’ . 
AH 
AU P e tro L e ll 
IOO 
W U 
IS H 
5H Ph.ILD t ic 3 *25 
TU 
71 
2 *. Phoenix 
216 
TU P.cNPay 
X A 
IT 
IU P.edmnt 
’ 4 
I 
?' i l l 16 Pioneers 
IOU 
A 
PiOnTe* 
BO A 
AH 
SH Pi IW V a 
SAa IO 
32 
W H P itD M I 
2oa 
S 
47' 7 
MV. Pittway I X ll 
TAU 
IS*. PlacrDv to W 
A 
Plant Ina l l * . Pl anim 
o8 
7 *. PtyGem 
Sit 
I U Plym RB 
IO 
PneuSca 
X 
I U Potoron 
SU Polychr 
TAI 
J'» Pra.rieO 
IO 
PrattLm b 
I 
24 •« P rate pf2 25 
3 
AU P raM R d 3o 6 * 57 
IAU Pron Ma I 12 ll 
A A 
27H 
2U PresRtA 
4 
2to 
IU PresRiB 
AA 
A 
Presley 
IO 
SAT 
12'. Preston 
7o 
8 
49 
TU P rim M I 
ITI 
IO 
U 
NU PrpCT I JOe IO ll 
AU ProvGa* 
BO 
8 
W 
IU PrdR IE 
X 88 
W 
2U Prod Bog 
24 
S * t i 
I ' t P rud G p 
SI 
AS*. PSCol pf4 25 
T IX 
SO 
JU P u lfeH 
A 
91 
AU 
I* r PunlaG 
13 
IT 
4’ I Pur epee 
Ode ll u lt 
5 
Quebec or 
5 
$ 
4’ « r h Ina aet s 
I U R E D M 
7 
IU RET to *. R ET pf 4 38 
IU RH Med 
5 
I U RP SPO 
Ha R SC Ind 
8 
5 
RL CCp 
He 
5 
SU Recon 
X a 
S 
6H RaganB 
ISe 
4 
U U R a n c h ix 
73 

I U 
4 
SH + 
5 
- l l 
♦ 
JU - 

4H 
BU 
SU 
SH 
IU 
AU 
IOU ♦ 

AU h 
6 
— 
NU 

A 
U U * 
AU 4 
I 
— 
22’ 
1SU 
IS H — 
TU 
7' »— 
I 
W U ♦ 
7 U 4 
T H ­ 
AU 
V t iv * — 
I U — 
AU 

2# 

4U 
AH 

SH 

ST 
4 
AH 
A H * i u - 
Sto 

IU Key CO 
SU Keys!Ind 
M 
U Kinde wf 
IU KinArk 
IU k.ngOpt 
AH IC my Ha 
2oe 
AU KirbyEx 
IU Kit Mfg 
IU KleerVo 
AU Klem ert* ll' 7 KnickToy 
I i* . Kotlmr to 
AU Kuhn Sir 
IO 

I 
76 
TA 
ISS 
• 
JA 
236 
6o 
II w 
274 
A1 
XA 
IT 
2o7 

 i i 

1 
TH 
IU 
IU 
Ito 
7to 

X I 
I 
AH 

Ito 
7 
Ito 
Ito 
Ito 
7 
M U 
I 
JU 
AH 
ISH 
M U 
16' 7 to 

I U 
TH 
IU 
IU 
IU 
7 
- 
JAH 
S'4 4 
JU 
AU 
W U 

*7u 7 
J' 

AH 
AU 
IOU 
7to 
15829 W l l 

AH 
JU 
JU 
. 
** 5 Id 5 Id 
J 
I U 
J 
AH 
AH 
9*7 
TU 
2 to 

4*8 
A U to 
AU - 
», 
TU ♦ 
' 4 
2 H - 1 W 

U U 
U U 
S'* 
2U 
W U 
A' 7 
/to nu 
IS’ * 
IAU 
A' 7 
TAU 
4 
4 ' I 
JO* 4 
18' 7 
5*4 
I7U 
IO '. 
J’ * s 
S '» 
54 
TU 
5 
7 ’ . 
TU 
• U 
7 H 

J : : 
SU 
3 
V l 
13 
Sto 
U H 
72’. 
74 to1 7 
IU 
AU 
TAU 
3 
18nu 
X U 
I 1* 
I 
I 
IOU 
3 
19 
JU 

14 
JAS 
A 
KM 
32 
12 
• 74oo 
AS 
I 
IJJ to 
22 
7 *14 

IS 
Al 
174 
3 
A 
I 

2 to 
9 
JU 
IU 
•u 
_ _ 
AU 
79 
JAH 
TAU 
. 
•4 
35’ * 
JJU 
S to 4 ll 
TI 
TOU 
21 
114 
AU 
A 
AH 
U U 
IJ U 
SU 
AU 

UT 

7o4 
99 

• I 
+ 
SU 4 
TU 
2U 
2 '. 
U U 
U U 
U ' t - 
Jto 
JU 
V e— 
7 to 
I 
7 '* 4 
9 U 
9 H 
9' y - y * j i i 
1; 
4 
M U 
M U 
M U 4 
AU 
SH 
A U * 
22 
23 
I U 
2to 
JU 
2to * 
'O' * 
'OU 4 
U H 
U U 
JU 
T U 
H H 
9U 
Vt 
A 
SH 
SO 
AU 
JU 
SU 
SU 
AU 
IU 
Ito 
4SU 
ASH 
X U 
AU 
4H 
4 U ilk 
IU 
12 
JU 
AH to', 

 i* 
11*8 
U U 
TH 
H U 
IO 
JU 
4to 
S' I 

2 U 
A 
A 
AH 
I U 
I 

 nu* 
S H ­ 
I H 
A1 • 
S H * 
X 
- 
AU 4 
2to 
S H * 
Sto 
A' >— ito 
Ito 

IU 

IU 
2 
I) 
A 
• 
TU 
ITH 

IU 
IU 
U U 4 
A 
~ 
AH 
IAU 4 
U U R a n g r O to 
117 
J IH 
JOU 
21H + 
IOU Ransbrg 
IO 
A *91 
U H 
( IU 
U H * 
H Rapt)Arn w l 
TH R alhP 
IJH Raym Pr 
X to 
’ • Reading 
U U Real E J I X U 
SU R IlncT 
Me 
I 
2'» Wit Ret 7 ISe 
9 
JI 
IU Red!aw 
IU Reeve*T 
J *. R e friy T r 
A 
AU Regal B 
52 A 
** RefGrp wt 
H U Rem Ar 
8oa 
8 
U RepMou* 
IU J 37 R epM H n wt 
JAH 
W U RepNY 

25 
94to t i 
3o ll 
UT 
A 
72 
2o 
21 
.6o 
321 
17 

IU 
I 
IU 4 
J 
4H 
AH 
M U 
27' > 
7 7 '» - 
J 
JU 
IS 't 
IAU 
AH 
9* 7 
3oU 
W H 
TH 
I U 

I** 

IU 

J IH 
24' 4 
IJ H 
23’ 7 fto 
JU 
SU 
8 
74U 
U U 
29H 
4U 
IS '* 
4' 4 
IS H 
JU 
SH 
I 
A 
TU 
JU w l r 

I U 
JU 
AU 
A'* 
• to 
9U ito 
I 
19 to ' 7 
>** 
J 
" , 
49 3 Id I I i J to * I Id 
5 * 74 
26 
75*. 
TSU 4 

I 
IS H * to 
9' I— 
'a 
JO'4 4 I U 
7’ 1 
JU 
AU - 
'. 
9 '. * 
U 
I 
— 
U 
W 
4 JU 
Jto + 

W 
Rest sill* 
AO 
7 19 
M U 
X 
J 
R e tr l* A 
X 
3o5 
9 H 
9 
2s. R e srU B 
38 /ISO 
IT H 
IT H 
I 
Rev! Ayu 
HT 
IU 
IU to R e xN o re 
24 
3 
Jto 
TH R iblet Pd 
A 24 
4 U 
AU 
J*. Richton toe 
4 IT I 
TU 
TU 
IO' / RHeyCo 
14’ k R.yoon 
IV • Robntth 
JU Robf.n 
8 '* Rotkway 
J to Rocor 
I U R oger* 
I * . Ronco! 
2‘ 7 Ro**m r 
H RoyBuvF 
3 
Ruddle k 
We 
4' 7 Rudick pf Sd 
I 
R u*c o 
I 
Rotted 
X 
SH R u tted 
*o 
TSH 
ISH RyenM 
X 

7 l i t 
23' . 
J IH 
JJU 4 I U 
X 1o*171 
194 
A 
I 
7 

IAH 
IS 
IAU 
W 
AU 
A 
ISH 
W U 
TH 
TH 

U U " 
W 
AU . 
IS 
TH 

 it 
91 
• 
37 
W 
13H 
IJ H 
SA 
JU 
JU 
TU 
M 
I 
AB 9 W 

3U Sorg 
Paper 
ISH 
11s* Soondsn 
X 
5 
BU 
6U SoestCap « 22 
13U 
IOU SCEd pf I o7 
13*. l l * . SCEd pf I Od 
14 ll >8 SCEd pfl o8 
15U 
U U SCEd pfl. 19 
23 
WH SCEd pfl 68 
WU 
15*. SCEd pfl 45 
17*8 W U SCEd pfl M 
28'4 
24*b SCEd pf 2 3o 
27' 7 
X U SCEd pf2 21 
96 
81*4 SCEd pf7 58 
1o4U 
91'4 SCEd pie 7o 

6 
535 
7 
9 
97 
12 
31 

141 

9 Vt— 
8 
4 
Vt 
13/4— 
' 8 
SU 4 IU 
1 o H + 
U 
2'/t— 
' I 
17/8+ 
' J t v * ........ 
9’ e 
4 H * 

2 
IU 
2to 
2U 
IO 
9’ s 
4H 
4U 
U U H H 
U U — 
H 
SU 
SH 
BU 
13U U H 
U H - 
1 e 
U H 13U 
I JU 
U U U H 
13 
4 
'4 
15 
U U 
14 
— 
H 
725o 
IV ? TOU 21 
1o5 toto 17H 
IOU 4 
Vs 
368 
IAU 16'/. toto 
53 
27 
26' J 26’ »— 
H 
143 
27 to 26U 
J7H 4 to 
93H 92U 93H + IV* 
57 1o3'7 lOlto lOlto 
62 1o4to 1o4'/. 1o4to— 
I X 
25'/. 24H 247/*— 
47/s 
4'/. 
4714 
IOU IOU toto 4- 
5 H 
SH 
5 H 
7 
7H .. 
4 H 
AU, 
17/e 
I 
4 
I 
I 
— 
3 U 
3 H — 
5 U 
S H — 
6'a 
V I ­ 
AU 
SU 4 
17 to'/. 4 
5 V. 
W H 
W 
4'/. 

81 
IO 
16 
38 
4! 
4 
4o t i 
SI 
26 
89 

7H 
5 
2 iv* 
A 
AH 
AH 
5U 

5 *2o 
112 
IW 
339 

45 to' 7 
31 
5H 

1o6 
96*4 SCEd pl8 96 
29'» 
9 
Swst Air 
13e A 
5U 
2H Swt GF in 
X 
5 ll 
5 
Soartek 
X 
6 
AU 
4 'b SpecltyR 
5 
8v* 
5s* Spector toe 37 
A'/. 
JU Spectro 
ITI 
4 
2’ a 
IU SpedOP 
Ut 12 
2 
9 Id S p ei/m n 
8' ? 
3to Spencer o8e 7 
9U 
5V. SpencrF 
32 5 
7'4 
A’ s Splentex 
X A 
8'/. 
4 '. 
StaffrdL 
5 to' ; 
12' ? StdAlln 
I A 
7 U a h StdCont 
15r 4 
17' 7 
13U StdCoosa 9o 
47/e 
7H StdMetl 
5ot Id 
H U 
IOU SldMotA 
7 
11 
3 '. 
StdPacCp 
5 
26'4 
15' 7 Std Prod I M 4 
I 
U StdP rud wt 
27*b 
21*4 StdShrs X r 
IS 
8 U St ango 
12 15 
7'* 
5 * 4 
StanAv 2oe 
13U 
IO*. Star Sup 
76 4 
2*8 
I 
Stardust 
W 
H U StarrtMo 
36 6 
U U 
TU Steel rn! 
24b 4 
W H 
!2 
StepnCh 
X 7 
2U13 Id S terlE I 
14 
3*7 
I U Sterl Ext 
IO 7 
6*8 
2' 3 Stevcoknit 
4 
12 
AU Strut VV 
3o 8*5o6 
12 
7H 
AU Sue Ann 
24 
8 
39 
5 
17'* 
H Sum m it 
6 
AU 
3U SunCity I .25 A 
TO*. 
13U SunElec 
M 9 
HP. 
5’ * Sunair 
45e A to** 
87i Sundanc 
Mb 38 
9U 
5U Son sh Jr 
28 I 
17' 7 
8 H SupFdS 
IO IO 
A7/* 
2 *. Supercr lOe 4 
SU 
4 
Suplndl 
17b 7 
A** 
3U SupSurg 
14 9 
4 
17/* Susqueb 
1o8 
H H 
6 '. SusqWan pf 
U 
H S u trM tg wt 
7*. 
AH Synaloy 3ob 
36*. 
18’ 7 Syntex 
X 
WH 
12*4 SyscoCp 
X 
A 
27 W H 
W H 
W H 
1o*» 
AH SystEng 
22 
172 
AH 
6 
6to- 
?U 
I ' * T F I 
7 
8o 
IU 
15*8 
IOU Tan dyB r 
4 
129 U U 
X U 
IAU Tasty 
I 
7oa 
8 
15 JOU 
I U 
H TechSym 
5513 W 
5 
2U TechOp 
77 
3 
JU 
IU Tech Tap 
4 
IM 
3U 
5’ 4 
2*» Techtrl 
16 
3 
13 
AU 
19*4 
IAU TejonR 
2oa X 
3 Id *. 
16 
16 
- 
8** 
3U TeteCm 36 
4 * 55 
SU 
7to 
7*, 
16 

H 

'/. 
5 to­ wn- 
H 
A7/* 
4 V . 
IV * — 
*7 
U U 
IOU 
IO U - u ll 
9U 
1o7.*+ 
U 
26 
21U 21' 7 
21U + 
*e 
2o 
7/,i3 i 6 i3 14 
Id 
24U 24'/. 
24to— 
*4 
139 
14 ll 
11 
— 3*8 
6 
6 
6 
H H 
H H ll to— 
** 
IU 
IU 
IU 
15U 
W H 
15*>+ 
H 
7H 
7H 
7 U — 
' s to'/. 
W U to**— 
U 
I U 
I U 
I V t------- 
2U 
2H 
2U 
5 
AU 
47/s i i 
I i v .— to 
A H 
5 
32 
Ito lS 1A15 W— J Id 
32 
4'/. 
3U 
4 
— 
U 
1o1 
19 
W H 
19 
+ 
* 7 
12 
I U 
8 * 7 
I U . . . . 
135 16H 
W H 
15 
—I U 
3 
67/e 
6to 
67/e— 
' a 
31 
17U 17 
AU 
AU t h 
5*7 
3'/. 

I 
J 
5 
731 
X 
3 
83 
I 
118 

15 
147 
6o ll 
21 ll 
36 

8 to 
57l 
3*7 l l to 
H 9 Id 
AH 
6*» 

17 to— to iv * — to 
7 to .... 
5to— 
'* 
3'/.— v* 
H U l l ' l — to 
H + 1 to 
AU- 
9 3X2 
X ' 7 to' J 
19'I— IU 

18 
H 
TU 
8' 7 
3 
2 *. 
7 1 U nu 
58 
7’ * 
J IH 
1*7 
AU 

8' a Teleflex 
32t 
9 to T e ld *Cp wt 
2U Tenna 
A 
A*. Tenneco wt 
I 
TenneyEn 
W to Tensor 
IO' 7 Teradvn 
9 
TerraC 
W 
53 
T *P L pf 4 56 
2 *. Texstar 
o7e 
IOU Textron wf 
' a Thor Cp 
2 '4 Tho ro far 

56 
4o1 
9 
138 
23 
19 
93 

3H 
A’ s 
1*7 
IU 

21o n 7i tis 
SI 
393 
7 to 

4 
1' J ThreeD 
3 
9 
SU Thritfim t 
4'a 
2 
Tidwell ll 
SU T iffany I 
X 
4 
•to 
3 
Tim pte 
I 
27 
11+ft Tokheim 
IO 
8 
49 >« 
43 
TolEd pt4 25 
88 
75U Tot Ed pf 7 76 , .1 
1o9 
99 
TolEdpf 
IO 
ToppsGu 
X 
9H 
AH 
I 
14 
BH TorinCp 
8o 
I 
BH 
4’I Total Pet 
8 
35 1615 16 TotP et wt 
17 to’% Total pf 
X 

 toto 
7/e 
3U 
4 
BH 
2H 
7U 
9 

IU 
1+4 + 
U 
13+7 
13+7 
IAH 
X+8 + u 
U 
+4 — 1 to 
2+4 
2+4 - u 
3*7 
3+4 
4+ft 
AH­ 
I 4 to 
IA 
— 
H 
7*8 
7’ e 
15*4 to 
+ 
’ • 
1 3 16 3 1 A -I 
Id 
3H 
3 H + u 
SU 
A 
— I 
IU 
I U 
IU 
1H + 
' 8 
13*4 
13H + 
H 
12H 
12H .. 
SA 
SA 
7U 
7+4 .. 
16*8 lA’l — 
U 
U — 
+9 
3+4 
3 U — 
U 
3H 
4 
+ 
H 
8 U + 
J H + 
7 
— 
9 
171 
26 
23*7 25 U + 
1125 
47U 
47'» 47'»— ' . 
7514o 
87T* 
M r ?+ i ^ 
73o IM H 
1o7U 1o8U-* +. 
25 
671 
AH 
.7/8+ U 
32 
14 
13U 
14 
+ H 
7 H 
AU 
A U - H 
2 H 
J U 
J U — I to 

JU 
3U 
4^4 
15*. 
7H 
AU 
SU 
TSU 
SU 
19' j 
5*4 
JU 
A7. 
AH 
• to 
5 
6 
IOU 
Sto 
IU 
I'» 
I 
1 . 
A 
J 7. 
9H 
W to 
9 
U 
SH 
37( 
IS '. 
34 
IS *. 
V . 
3*8 
17*4 
IOU 
IS *. 

I H Tow nC lry 
IH TransLu* 
2H Tredwy 
o5r 
8 H T riS'M lr 
8o 
3 *. Trico 
1oe 
I' i TubosM 
17e 
3 
T wilco 
2oe 
Id** TurnrC 
I 44 
J 
Tw m Fair 
13* a UB I 
I Ma 
3 
UIPC p 
Id 
I * . UN Adp 
2to URSCp 
2oe 
3*8 UVlnd wi 
3 't Uni m a * 
1*4 Unimax pf 
2 '. Unionlnv 
19 
SH UnAirPd 
St 
7 
I* . UnAsbSt 
7 
** U nB rand w l 
I 
Un Foods 
' a U N atC p 
I 32 U N atC p 
WI 

27o 
96 
X 
26 
AS rn 

IS H toto 
1A71— 
H 
2H 
TH 
3U 

2*7 
JU 
2H 
6 *38 
H H 
IOU 
137 
1942 
6 
I 
I 
126 
62 
X 
25 
• St 
1o98 
22 
463 
• 
3 
12 

7*8 
3H 
8*4 
74 
JU 

AU 
27* 
7U 
74 
JU 

TH 
2 to 
3 
1o7/6 + 
7 
— 
3 H + 
7 U — 
74 
3U + w u n u u 7 ih i u 
JH 
J U 
3H + 
JU 
AU 
AH 
8 to 
AH 
S 
9*. 
J 

I 
37e 
A 7'e 
7U 
4 * 7 
S 
9 U 
J 

JU + 
• 
J7'e— 
1 
S U + I 
•7 1 + I 
AU + 
1 
5 _ 
1 
9 U 
J 
IO 
371 
U I to 7 to 
153 
I U 
I H 
I H 
15 
I 
I U 
2 
+ to 
I 3 32 I to 3 32+ I 32 
2 
JU 
UNatCp pl 
U P ie ceD 
3 
I t 
SU 
AU 
SU 
AU 
S 'l— 
A U — 
H 
+8 
SU USBcpTr 
7 
BH 
BH 
• +% + 
H 
8 *8 US Fillr 
X 
9 I t l l 
W U 
IJ H 
14+4 + 
Xft 
SU UnRlfT 
SJe l l 
99 
• H 
I U 
•'•« + 
U 
16 Un RH T 
WI 
92 5 I t 
$ I t 
S It 
JU 
U S N lR s 
S 
164 
4 ’ a 
AH 
AU 
He U SR chum 
181 l l 
3U 
3H 
3+%— 
14 
I 
USRhR la 
7 *16 
U H 
14 
14 ll 
Un.lek 
M to 
24 
33 
32H 
33 
+ 
’ a 
7U 
UnityBuy 
A 
45 
9 U 
V t 
• V - u 
7 
Un.vC.g 
OS 
4 
2 
7’ b 
V a 
2U 
U 
Un.vConi 
13 
9 
I 
IU 
2 
+ 
+8 
AU 
Un.vRs 
2oe 
W 
IAI 
IS’ % 
W U 
IS'7 
AU UnivRun 
52 
S 
33 
IOU 
9H 
1o*4 + 
+'7 
5’b UnvSav 
X s 
1o4 
ISH 
W U 
1SU + 
IU 

V- W- X 

9 H 
6 
VattesSl 
62t 
I 
IJ H 
• '» Vaimac 
7o 
A 
SU 
JU vatspar 
I t IO 
J*. 
IU VLDvC 
o2e 
1o*8 
SH Van Dorn 
44 
6 
IS 
A' a Veeco 
32a 
A 
5 
I U V e n t 
« 
MV* 
21U Verm nlA 32 
8 

AH 
AU 
AH + 
H U 
IO *. 
H U + 
AU 
JU 
9U 

S 
2'. 
* U 
3o toto 

$ 
2'* 
9’. 

TU 

I 
7H 
4*8 
JU 
A*-* 
A*. 
AH 
3 '* 
3*4 
WU 
SU 
H U 
W U 
A 
7AU 
IJH 
9H 
4 '* 
9** 
74 to 
6 
X 
16*4 
I U 
SU 
7*. 
75’ 4 
TS** 
6 
JU 
A U 
A' 4 
X U l l ’ * 

2 H Vern.tron to V e rh p ie 
IU V.aiech 
H VikingG 
I ’ * Vintages 
S'* Vireo 
J U V n h a y 
JU Vi sue IG 
OST 
I 
Vol Mer 
TH Vople* 
Ila 
IU VutcnCp 
A*. Vole Inc 
X 
II 
Vale Inept 
I 

IO 
A 
A 
A 
4 
5 
2 
A 

27 
22H l l 
‘ 
TU iv * 
IU 
IU 
JU 
JU 
I to 
V t 
AU 
JU 
2*4 
TH 

 n u n u 
TH 
2*. 

25 
IS 
38 
AU 

JU 
SH 
I U 
JU 
TH toto 
4 
•• 

T U WTC inc IO 12 *S5 
IS U W U M n c 
BO 
8, 
JST 
J*. Wabash 
2Se 
7 
AA 
SU Wecknht x 
I 
IIT 
IU WadelEq 
IO 
I 
TU Wdinoco 
W )9o 
WH Wat CON sob 
I 
2’ . H alloes Toe 
9 
TA 
IOU WonqLb 
IT 13*245 
9*4 W angl B 
77 
12 *59 
U H a rd F d s wt 
I 
Wards Co 
I 
U 
J 
M arne p l 
OS 
IoA 

•to 
IS 
J U is ii 
H U 
I I H 

22H k 
7 *» - 
1U 
3*8 + 
Ae— 
JU f 
AU 
J U ♦ 
2*» ♦ 
J u ­ ts 
AU 
• * t - 
W H 
M U - 
JU 
J U — 
JA* »— 
H H 
7' t~ 
JH 
TH 
22H 
SU 

TH 
J*. 
TU 
7 
22' 1 
SU to1* 
IAU to S W 5 W S IA 

7*. 
TH 
TU 
M U 
AH 
IAU 
IT H 
IS to 
IAH * 

J w arnc pt os 
71'4 Was PM B JA 
A 
W U W RIT 
I TA 
IS 
JU W aistO 
X W 
I ' . We.man 
4 
S' . W rtdToA 
$ 
JU Weiico 
25 IO 
IO 
W tic OF 
86 
9 
7 * 4 West Ch P X 
8 

S 
83 
*19 

 l 1 ? 4 
9* W2 to 
IJT 

A 
TH 
IU 
S U n u to 

•to 
I 
IU 
IU 
AU 
• * * 
4*. 
II 
AU 
SA' 7 
3* 1 
5*4 l l * . nu 
A1 7 
IU 
7*. 
12’ a 
13*4 
X ' . 

7>< 
TH 
A 
A 
7to 

It 

 n 
TO 
I 
4 af 
8 1 7415 lAWst De al 
IO ll 
J 
• U 
AU WstFml 
ISa IOO UT 
Sto Whippny 
JO 
*1 
$ 
A U Whitaker 
X 
$ 
. J * 
Ito Whitehall 
I 
44 to W h.M ekr wt tov 7 w 
I ’ * W.ctiiW 
W 2JJ 
A' 3 WmhoM* 
JA 8 
4$ 
2 to WilsonB' 
M 
S 
M 
TU Wtnklmn 
4o S 
9 
IU W m sln M 
9 
4 4 
48 
Wisp pl H O i n 
IU WeAfMB 
J. 
)| 
3 
Wood Ind 
Id i U Wore SIC 
M 
)2 
AU WorfcWr 
AO S 
19 
J '* Wrather 
OSe l l HS v. WrigfitM 
J*. W yletab 
M 

AU 
AU 
4*. 
SU 
4H 
SU - 
2 2 '. 
7 V 7 
M u - 
TAH 
74' • 
24'« 
AH 
AH 
AH 
IU 
JU 
A' > 
AU 
AU 
AU 
X U 
W to 
• H 
/to 
7'e 
I 
Sto 
SU 
2H 

 r , 
A' »1 
AH 
W’ . . 
B U ­ 
TH I 
I 
Sto 
S U . 
2+4 

Wyrwtln 
WymBn 
Xtim rt 

 n 
733 
7 
»$2 
S 
IJJ 
!IT 
1os 

7*4 
4*. 
Bu 
7 '* 
$4 
TH 
JU i 
■IU 
SU 
I'* 
TU 
H H nu 
ITH 

Y I 

TH ZeroCo 
JA 
4' a Zimmer Ofe> 
9 H 
S’ e 

AU 
7' 7 
AH 
• 
Ito 
53 « 
TH 

I : 

A’ . toU ll 
IT 

9 H 
I U 

 to ( W i I It 
I 
T U 
A U 
•U I 
IU 
S3 . 1 
TH . 
JU 

 it i 
1 
7 toto 
I } ' . I i7 u 

• to 
SU 

.1 J 
* . ’ * * * 14 jar. I To dale if * 
^ »97* to dam 
7 * 
/to r 
WE Fk L V A M ER IC AN 
»»! it * 
1 ! 
Ut "««k 

12 
1! 4 a u 1r * k l l * . 
S u i to Ve#r ^ 

IN N E K LV A M E R IC A N STOCK tA L R I total for week 
Week ago 
Veer ago 
X X I 77o ws jao m 

 t e 
N o f J r 

I t Iti.oftj 

S o n A n t o n i o E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S o t u r d o v M o r c h 1 2 
1 9 7 7 

NEW Y O R K (A P ) — W eekly In vest ige 7 - 
Companles g ivin g the high, low and la ^ 
* 
PJ"'cas tor the weak w ith the net change 
J T l, Prevlous week's last price 
Alt quotations, supplied by the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, inc., re fle ct net asset values, at which securities could have been sold 
High Low Last 
5.29 
5 22 
W45 
14.29 
1oo3 
7.3o 
1295 
9 16 
8 53 
1o 64 
979 
4 94 

AG E Fund 
A co m F d n 
A d van In v n 
Aetna Fund 
Aetna Incom Shr 
A tu tu re F d n 
A llstateS tkn 
Alpha Fund 
Am B irth rg h tT r 
Am E q u ity Fd 
A m erican Funds: 
Am Balance 
AmcdD Fund 
A m M utuat Fd 
BonoFd Am 
CapFd Am 
G row thFd Am 
Incom eFd Am 
InvCoA 
New Per sp Fd 
W ashM ufi Inv 
Ames G eneral 
AGenCap Bd 
AGenCap Gth 
AG en Incom e 
AGW V enture 
E q u ity G rth 
FundOf A m 
P rovident Fd 
A m G row th Fd 
Am Ins& lnd 
Am investor n 
A m ln v ln c F d 
A m N a tG ro w th 
AnchorG roup 
D a ily Incom e 
G row th Fund 
Income 
Spectrum 
Fundm Invest 
W ashing Nat 
Audax Fund 
A xe H oug hton: 
Fund B 
Incm Fnd 
Stock Fund 
B L C G row th F d 
Babson Incom n 
B a bsonlnvm tn 
B eaconH illM t n 
Beaconlnvn 
Berger Group 
I® Fund 
Io1 Fund 
Ber kshi re ca p 
Boodstock Cp 
BostFound Fd 
B rw n F d Haw aii 
C alvin B ullock. 
B ullockFund 
Canadian Fnd 
D ividend Stirs 
M onthly Incm 
Nation W ides 
N Y V enture 
CG Fund 
CG Incom eFd 
C apltP resrv Fd 
C entury ShrTr 
Challenger in v 
C h a rte rF d ln c 
Chase Gr Bos 
Fund 
Frontier Cap 
Sharehold 
Special 
Cheapside Dour 
Chem ical Fund 
C N A M gem t F d s: 
L ib e rty Fund 
M anhattan Fd 
Schuster Fd 
Colonial 
C onvertible 
Fund 
G rw thS hr 
Incom e 
C olum bG rth n 
C om w thTr AB B 
C o m w lthT r C 
Composite BBS 
Composite Fd 
C oncordFdn 
Consolidat tnv 
ConstellnGth n 
C o n tM u ttn vn 

D elaw are Group 
Decatur Inc 
Delaware Fd 
Delchester Bd 
Delta Trend 
B irectors Cap odgCox Bal 
DodgCxStk n 
Drexel B u m hm 
D reyfus G rp : 
Dreyfus 
E q u ity 
Leverage 
Liquid Assets 
Special Incom 
TaxE xem pt 
Third Century 
E a gleG rth Shr 
EatonB H ow ard 
Balance Fund 
F o u rsq u a rF d 
G row th Fund 
Incom e Fund 
Special Fund 
Stock Fund 
E dieS plG thn 
Edson O ld n 
E gret Fund 
E m 
~ lf un Trusts 
F a irfie ld Fund f arm Bur M ut 
Federated Funds 
Am Leaders 
E m p ire Fd 
Fourth E m p ir 
Tax Free 
F id e lity G roup: 
BondOeb 
Capital 
C ontrafund 
D aily Incom e 
Destiny 
E quity Incom 
M agellan 
Mum Bond 
F id e lity 
P uritan 
Salem 
T h rift Trust 
Trend 
F inancialP rog : 
D ynam F d n 
Indus! Fd n 
Incom eFd n 
FSI Investo rs: 
D iscovery 
FundG row th 
Incom e 
Stock Fund 
F SIM ult Am o 
F stM u ltD ty 
F orty Four WH n 
FoundGnowth 
Founders G roup: 
Growth 
Incom e 
M utual 
Special 
F ra n klin G roup: 
ON TC 
G rowth 
U tilitie s 
Incom e Stk 
USGovt Sec 
Resrch Capit 
Resrch E q uty 
F ra n k ln L t E q ty 
F d fo rM u tD n 
F undpeck 
Fund Inc G rp 
Com m erce Fd 
Im pact Fund ino usl Trend 
Pilot Fund 
G e n E iS lS P rF d 
G enSecurit n 
G row th ln d n 
H a m ilto n : 
Fund HOA 
G row th Fund incom e 
H a rtw e liG rth n 
H a rfw llL e v e rn 
H e ritag e Fund 
H olding Trust 
HoraceM enn Fd 
ISI Group 
G row th 
Incom e 
Trust Shares 
Trust U nits 
Im p e ria l CapFd 
Im p e ria l G rth 
Industry Fund 
Int Investors investG uti n invest Indica tor 
InvestT r Bos tov Counsel 
C apaniertca 
Capit Stirs Inc 
Investor sG roup. 
IDSBond 
1o$ G row th 
1o$ New D im 
M utual inc 
Progressive 
T axE xem pt 
Stock 
Selective 
V e rie b ie P a y 
Invest Research 
Is'el Fund Inc 
IvyF undn 
JP G row lhF d 
J en us Fund n 
John Hancock 

8 o2 
5.53 
9 81 
15 27 
6.3o 
4.53 
16 31 
13 84 
16 OO 
7 o5 

9 o1 
4.1o 
6.53 
1o 95 
6.54 
6 49 
3 98 
557 
4.91 
5 43 
12 4o 
2 77 

1 OO 
6 48 
7 36 
4 53 
6.73 
9 99 
7 75 

7 89 
4 94 
5 98 
1o 34 
1.77 
9 45 
8 5o 
9 4o 

7 27 
9.15 
7.88 
4 86 
9 55 
3 45 

12 95 
7.54 
3 12 
14 83 
IO ® 
11 16 
9 64 
853 
I.® 
1o 68 
1o 24 
13 SS 

6 28 
3 5o 
7 44 
5 24 
11 57 
7 34 

4 48 
2 55 
7 45 

9.o7 
9 48 
4 81 
8 89 
14 91 
I M 
1.49 
8 93 
7 59 
12 25 
1o 12 
5 64 
6 47 
11 66 
7 38 
31 o3 

12.19 l l 27 
945 
4 86 
4.o2 
22 X 
16 15 
9 76 

11 8o 
5 39 
15 34 
1oo1 
7 21 
IS 46 
12 82 
9 97 

8 41 
8 33 
8 42 
6 IO 
593 
9 12 
1633 
9 IO 
1o 7o 
14.31 
9 68 
• 28 

• 98 
19 22 
18 o7 
12 9o 

8 79 
I 38 
1o 84 
I OO 
9 43 
15 45 
23 o9 
1o 43 
1597 
11 o5 
4.81 
IO 53 
21 12 

4.74 
4 33 
7 87 

5.91 
6 52 
864 
I 4o 
1 21 
8o.oo 
1591 
392 

4 45 
12 58 
9 11 
8 68 

667 
5 33 
458 
VA 
2 89 
326 
8 4o h «. 
• 36 

I TS 
I 22 
IO 69 
I 22 
26 25 
9 74 
17 44 

4 27 
6 72 
7 77 
1o 86 
7 23 
1 32 
I.® 
15 IS 

476 
3 57 
IO 46 
2 82 
• 16 
7 17 

I 79 
I 64 f a r to 31 

• 89 
8o7 

M i 
4 61 
9 14 
3 o5 un av ai I 
18 87 
9 47 
6 44 
SOS 
19 32 
6 12 
K) 6o 
17 45 

987 
7.19 
1291 
9.o4 
8 42 
1o.55 
9 76 
4.89 

7 97 
5.49 
9 76 
14.83 
6 24 
4 48 
16 26 
13 71 
15 93 
7.oo 

8 99 
4 o6 
6.52 
1o.89 
6.48 
645 
395 
5 46 
4.88 
5.35 
12.39 
2 74 

I.® 
6 42 
7 24 
448 
6 67 
987 
7 67 

7 86 
4 93 
5 9o 
1o 22 
1.77 
9 33 
8.45 
9.29 

7 2o 
9 IO 
7 83 
4.81 
9 49 
3 42 

12 83 
7.47 
3 o9 
14 SO 
9 94 
11.o7 
9 54 
8 52 
I.® 
1o58 
1o 14 
1375 

6 22 
3 48 
7 39 
5 16 
11 48 
7 24 

4.44 
253 
7 37 

8 92 
9 4o 
4 73 
8.69 
14 77 
99 
I 48 
8 89 
7.5o 
12.19 
1o 12 
5.53 
6 43 
11 51 
7.3o 
3o 8o 

12 12 l l 16 
9 43 
4 79 
3 98 
22 17 
16.oo 
9 7o 

11 68 
5 34 
15.17 
1o.o1 
7 19 
15 44 
>2 66 
987 

8.36 
8 25 
8 33 
6 IO 
583 
9 o3 
16.15 
• 92 
1o61 
14 16 
9 6o 
8 18 

8 9o 
19 o4 
17 93 
12 9o 

8 77 
8 27-. 
1o 67 
I OO 
9 35 
15 37 
22 79 
1o 41 
IS M 
11.o1 
4 77 
1o 49 
2o 83 

4 69 
4.31 
7 84 

5 53 
6 41 
• 62 
• 36 
• 14 
IO ® 
IS 49 
39o 

4 36 
12 48 
9J» 
8 61 

6 6o 
5 28 
4 57 
1 76 
9 71 
2 57 
3 24 
• 27 
7 95 
• 23 

• 48 

1 1 
25 9o 
9 17 
17 Vt 

 s s 
7 73 
1o 78 
7.M 
1 JO 
I.® 
14 95 

4 68 
J 54 
IO 35 
2 79 
I IO 
7 o8 
298 
• 41 
154 
I SI 
1o o9 
JSo* 

5 87 
5 27 
4 56 
• T i 
JO I 

18 67 
9 4o 
6 37 

Chg 
5 2 4 - .S 
14 45+ Ox 
♦ B B - Of 

 u :S t7 
’ l l — .o5 
8 4 8 - o‘ 
IO 61— .o2 
’ .7 7 - .o2 
4 .9 3 - .o5 

Balance 
9 OO 
Bend 
19 37 
G row th 
5 72 
JohnstnM ut n 
19 74 
Key stone Fund* 
Apollo Fund 
In v titB d B l 
AAedGBd BJ 

3 94 
17 83 
» 71 
D u . Bd Be 
8 35 
Inc om F d K I 
7 M 
Grow tfiF d k J 
S M 
HiGrCom SI 
17 92 
Incom Stk S I 
9 47 
G row th I J 
7 52 
LoP rCom sa 
3 a 
Polaris 
3 34 
Lexington G rp 
14 47 
Corp Leaders 
I e xm g tn G rth 
I 54 
Lex mg Incom 
IO 74 
L e x in g to n sh 
L 'te tn s Inv 
® o2 
7 OO 
L incoln Natl 
SH «. I Am n 
I to 
Sated Spec n 
17® 
Loom is Say ie *: 
1o o9 
C apital n 
M utual n 
17 94 
LordA D beff 
• 22 
A ffilia te d Fd 
Bond Deb l l IS bicorne 
3 $5 
Lutheran Bro 
Fund 
IO 54 
Incom e 
M um ctpai 
USGovt Sec 
“• a 
M assachusett Co a i i 
Freedom Fd independ Fd 
7 IB 
Mass Fd 
IO ® 
AAass F x ia n c l: 
IO ® 
M IT 
M IG 
I 42 
M ID 
14 54 
M FD l l 8o 
M CD 
12 Bl 
M F I 
15 S’ 
M ath or* Fnd n 
Isla 
M i Cap 
ML R d yA * 
1 oo 

9 IS 

M id Amar 
Money MxAAgt n 
M ON Y Fond 
M SB Fund 
14 54 
M utual Benefit 
8B7 

7.99— .o3 
5.53+ .o4 
9 .7 9 - OI 
14.83- .42 
6 .2 8 - .o2 
4 53 
16 31 
13.79— .o4 
15 99— .o2 
7 o 2 - .o3 

9.o1+ .o2 
4 .o 8 - .o3 
6 53 
1o.94+ .o2 
6 .5 1 - .o5 
6 4 8 - OI 
3.96— OI 
5 46— .13 
4 91 
. 
5 43+ .o6 
12.39+ 
o3 
2 76— OI 

I OO 
6 48 
7 3 4 - .o2 
4 53 + 
o5 
6 69— .o3 
9.96— OI 
7.75+ .12 

7 89 
4.94+ 
OI 
5 94— .o4 
1o 34+ 
OI 
I 77 . .. 
9 3 6 - .o9 
8 5o+ .o5 
9 3 6 - .o3 

7 21— .o9 
9 14— OI 
7.8%- o2 
4 85— .o2 
9 49— o5 
3 43— OI 

12.88- M 
7.49- .o3 
3 l l - OI 
14 83+ .o3 
9 97— .o2 
11 16+ 
o3 
9 .6 3 - .o2 
8.53+ 
o2 
I.® 
1o 6 o- .o2 
IO 1 5 - o8 
13.85— o9 

6 26— 
3 48 
7 41— 
5 19— 
11.52— 
7 29— 

4 46— 
2 55 
7 4 2 - 

8 92— 
9 .4 5 - 
4 77— 
8.69— 
14 87— 
I M + 
OI 
I 49 
8.93. 
7 58+ OI 
12 2 5 - o2 
1o 12 . ... 
5.63- 
OI 
6.44+ 
OI 
11 62— OI 
7 38+ ,o3 
31 o3+ .o5 

12 1 3 - 
11.22— 
9 45 + 
4.® 
4 o2 + 
22 2 6 - 
16 l l + 
9 76+ .o2 

11.76— .o2 
5.39+ 
OI 
15 3o+ 
OI 
1o o1 . ... 
7.21 + .o2 
15 46- 
OI 
12 8 2 - .o3 
9 .9 6 - OI 

8.39 
• 3o— o2 
8 42 
6 IO 
5.93- 
.o2 
9.o8— o3 
1 6 M + ,oV 
9 ® l l 
1o.69+ .o1 
14.2J— 
9 6 3 - 
8 2 4 - 

...i M m 
......I.i 
^ ' 
- 

M 
E 
T 
E 

4.4o— 
12.51- 
9 o8. . 
8 68 + 

 f t- 
• 38 + 

8 6 1 - 
• 2 1 - 

,o. r 
26 12— 
9 24 + 
17 1 2 - 

4 68 

IO 35= 
2 7 9 - 
• 1 5 - 
7 1 6 - 
2 98 
I 4 1 - 
I 59 
I ST­ 
IO 14 

114 
6 o7 + 
W 
4 SB - 
5:3= 

6 3* 
4 97 
5o3 
BB IO 
19 2 2 - o7 a ® 
6 o9 
o: 
X 42 
1o 5o 
OB 
17 33 
17 43+ 
OI 

894 
• B i- 
OI 
19 M 
IB 37 + ,M 
5 65 
$49 
OI 
19 54 
»♦ ® ~ ® 

3 W 
3 94 + 
o2 
17 8o 
17 83 + 
Sa lf t i i f 71 + .OS 
8 3) 
8 )4 + 
Oi 
7 64 
7 44+ 
OI 
SOI 
$ o ) w 
17 46 i f t i - .To 
9 4o 
B.44- 
o3 
7 ® 
7 $2 
3 41 
3 4$ 
3 21 
3 24+ .o2 

14 X 
• 47 
1o 71 
14 69 
6 94 

 l i l t 

995 
12 82 

I ” 
11 33 
3 48 

I JO 

 a 

ooo 

.V S . 
IV 
14 49 
II 66 
12 67 
15 56 
13o1 
12 66 
1 
OO 
$14 
I OO 
9 o7 
I? 93 
• 87 

14 34 
• 55 f 
IO 73 f 
14 96 
6 f t - 

J o 6 - OI 
1 1 6 1 - o2 

1o o6 
12 9 o - 

• J i­ l l 34 + 
3 4 4 - 

 i : & = 

• IO 
7 1 5 - 
1o 43 

 r n 
11 7 9 - 
12 91 + 
IS 59 + 
13 14+ 
12 97— 
I OO 
5 l i t 
IOO 
9 IS 
14 2 1 - 
• 93 

M IF F und 
M IF G row th 
M utuaot Omaha 
A m erica 
G row th 
Income 
M utuaiS hrsn 
NEA M utual 
N a tllndu stn 
Nat Secur Ser 
Balanced 
Bond 
D ividend 
G rowth 
P referred 
Income 
Stock 
N E LIteF u nd 
E q uity 
Growth 
Income 
Side 
N euberqerB erm 
Energy n diam 

Chicago Option* 

I . e n d e r s 

8 94 - 
1 9 o 4 - 
18 o o - 
12 9o 

• 79+ 
OI 
. 8.35- 
o3 
1o 7 6 - .o7 
I.® 
... 
9 42+ .o4 
15 44+ .o4 
23 o 3 - o5 
1o.41- .o2 
15.94- 
.15 
11 M - o2 
4.81+ 
OI 
1o.53+ 
o3 
21 12+ 
o2 

4 74+ .o2 
4 33 
... 
7 o S - 
OI 

5 5 3 - .45 
4 4 1 - .14 
• 63+ 
o3 
• 3 8 - OI 
• 17 - o4 
IO ® ........ 
W B 1 ,.. 
3 .9 1 - .o7 

o6 

4 .6 5 - .o2 
5 32— OI 
4.57— ,o1 
1 74— OI 
9.72- 
o3 
2 5 7 - 13 
1 
o6 
1o 
o4 

11 
o2 
I 
12 
o7 
o7 

4 2 5 - OI 
6 71 
OI 
7 7318 .o6 
1o 66+ 
12 
7 21 + 
I 3o 
I M 
IS 1 2 - 

G uardianM n 
Partners n 
N e uw irthF d n 
NewW orld Fd 
New ton Fund 
N ewtonlnvst Fd 
N icholasFdlnn 
N om uraCapFd 
N oreastlnv n 
NuveenFd 
Omeg.i Fund 
O neW illiam n 
Oppenheim er Fd 
Oppenhm Fd 
Opp Inc Bos 
Mon y Br 
TaxFreeBd 
AIM 
Tim e 
OverCount sec 
P aram t M utual 
Paul Revere 
PennSquare n 
PennM utual n 
Phiia Fund 
PhoenixCapFd 
Phoenix Fe 
P ilg rim Grp 
P ilg rim Form 
P ilg rim Fd 
M agnaCap n 
Magna Incom 
PlneStreetn 
Pioneer Fund: 
Fund ll 
Planned Invest 
P liqrow th Fnd 
Pli'trend Fnd 
Price F un ds: 
G row th F d n 
Incomen 
N ew E ra n 
NewHorizn n 
Tax Free 
Pro Fund n 
P rovider O rth 
Pro SIP 
Putnam Funds: 
Convert 
E quit 
George 
G row th 
Income 
Invest 
Vista 
Voyage 
R ainbow F dn 
ReserveFd n 
Revere Fund 
SafecoE quitFd 
Safeco G row th 
Sc udder Funds: 
In comen in tlF u n d 
M Muni Bd 
Special n 
Com m ons! n 
ManageRes n 
SecurltyF unds 
E q uity 
Invest 
U ltra 
Sentinel Group 
Ape* Fund 
Balanced Fd 
Common Stk 
Sentinel G row th 
Sen try Fund 
Shareholders Gp 
Comstock Fd 
E nterprise Fd 
Fletcher Fd 
Harbor Fund 
Legal List 
Pace Fund 
Shearson Funds; 
A ppreciation 
Incom e invest 
SierraGth n 
ShrmnDean n 
Stoma Funds: 
Capital 
Invest 
Trust Sh 
V enture Shr 
Sis Kemper 
Kemp Incom e 
Kemp M onM k 
Kemp M unBd 
Sup G rowth 
Sup Incom e 
Sup Sum m it 
Technology 
S m thB arE qtn 
S m thB arl& G n 
SoGen Int 
South wstn Inv 
Southw nlnv G th 
Sovereign j inv 
Spectra Fdn 
State B o n d G r: 
Common Fd 
D ive rsifie d F 
Progress Fd 
S tatF arm G th n 
Stat Farm Bal 
StateSt Inv 
Steadman Funds 
A m e rin d n 
AssoF Trust n 
Invest n 
Oceanogra n 
Stein Roe F d s . 
Balance n 
CapOpn 
Stockn 
Surveyor Fd 
TempGth Can 
T en tp ln vF d n 
Transam Cap 
Tran sam Invest 
T ravelers E qF d 
Tudor Hedge n 
2othCent G rth 
JOthCentlnc 
USA ACapGthn 
US AA IncFd 
USGovt Socur 
Unit M utu al 
U nitund unavail 
Union Svc G rp : 
BroadSt tov 
Nat Invest 
Union Capitol 
Union inc Fd 
United Funds 
Acc urn ut ti v 
Bond 
Cont G row th 
Cont Incom e 
Incom e 
Science 
Vanguard 
Unit Svc» Fdn 
Value Line F d : 
Value Line 
Income 
Levrged G rth 
Spec! Sit 
Vance Sanders 
Incom e 
Invest 
Common 
Special 
V a n d e rb iltG rth 
Vanderblt Incm 
Vanguard G roup 
E xp lorer Fnd 
FU Index 
Ivast F und 
M organ Fund 
Trustees Eq 
W ellesley Inc 
W ellington Fd 
W estmin Bd 
Windsor Fund 
Varied tndust 
WaltSt G row th 
W e in g rtn tq n 
W esitied Ccw th 
Wisconsin Incm n —No toad fund 

14.58 
28 IO 
9 34 
8.19 
1o 99 
11.3o 
1o o2 
14.o8 
9 47 
14.® 
9 8o 
1o.13 
13 66 

14.44 
27 85 
9 22 
8.11 
1o 87 
11 18 
9 92 
13.97 
9 41 
14.78 
9 59 
IO.® 
13 49 

NEW Y O R K (A P ) Week s tw « ,,y most 
Y early 

Kresge SS 
Texa colnc 
P a trick Pet! 
Occtden Pet 
Am Tel M e l 
Exxon 
CocaBtg NY 
IB M 
Dow Ch 
ContOil 
Benguet B 
Tenneco 
SonyCorp 
Inm ont Cp 
Revere cop 
Coca Cola 
IntTelTel 
D ig lta lE q 
East Kodak 
Searle GD 
NEW YO R K (AP) 
Y e arly 
High 
Low 
7 V 
2V 
3 
I I H 
32' % 
3+. 

Mt f t k 
Low 
31V. 
3o 
23+* 
16H 
7” . 
76” ? 
13’% o5’,4 
SOH 
56H 
47’ . 
9S av? 
288' ? 
223V 
W H 
M V 
AO'/. 
33 
• IV 
37+% 
W’% 
23S 
7*. 
2 1 * 
7H 
95” . 
73 
348% 
22” . 
57”. 
4 o * 
I M * 
7o V 
18 
1o*4 

 active StocKs. 
W eeks 

.o1 
6.23— 
8 66+ .o1 
1.oo 
IO 27— 
9 23 + 
7.18 + 
12 26 + 
8 71.. 
5 9 4 - 
8.oo— 
3 68 + 
6 9 9 - 
8.o2— .o3 
9.47 

13 83 + 
15 22 + l l 42 + l l o 3 - 
7 8 5 - 

16to 
7” . 
6+% 
43’ a 
(SOH 
IP s 
. 36’ x 
25’ 8 
4’ 4 
14'a 

18’ 
16' ? 
I* 2 
84a 

Asem era O 
Gt Bas Pet 
Champ Ho 
Kewanee In 
HouOHM 
G enlE xplor 
Syntex Corp 
H usky Oil 
Tubos Mex 
US F ilte r 

W HAT T H E STOCK M A R K E T D ID 
Two 
T h is P rtv .Y e e r Years 

Sles 
High 
Low 
Last Chg 
3 3 V - ID 
................ 
1,646.9oo 
35V 
31V 
923,7oo 
28 to 
27V 
2 7 * — 
* 
899.8oo 
16H 
12* 
14*+- 2 
MI.9oo 
M ’% 
2 4 * 
2 5 V + IV* 
831 4oo 
63” ? 
67to 
62’, 
H 
774,7oo 
S IV 
SIV. 
52 V + 
* 
731,ooo 
9” . 
8to 
8H + 
’ : 
729,5oo 
284’ * 
278 
283’A + JU 
7o4,7oo 
38 
36V 
38 
+. IM 
658.7oo 
35’/. 
33)4 
M 
— to. 
6*3,7oo 
3 
2to 
2H + 
* 
647.4oo 
35 
32’ % 
32*1- 2to 
639,8oo 
9 V 
• to 
9 H + to 
635,COO 
22* . 
2o V 
22 
+ IV. 
62o.6oo 
19+4 
13V 
13+4- 4 * 
611,JOO 
77V 
73 
7 6 * + 
H 
585.4oo 
32H 
31V. 
3 
2 
+4 
................ 
582.6oo 
44V 
4 o * 
42 V — I * 
571,5oo 
76H 
7 1 * 
72” %— 4” . 
5*7 8oo 
12V 
I t ” . 
12’%+ to 
A m erican leaders. 
Week's 
Sale 
High 
Low 
Last Chg 
716,3oo 
12V 
1o*% l l 
+ 
V 
51o 5oo 
7to 
6V 
6+4 + 
Vt 
5o4.8oo 
3to 
3’% 
3 V 
.................. 
468,6oo 
43’% 
4oV 
43 
+ TV 
.................. 
43o,6oo 
4 8 '. 
45' i 
4 7 * — 
V 
127 OOO 
1)*% 
•to 
1oV + TV. 
3®,2oo 
» ” ? la to 
» ’%— 1’% 
.................. 
252,9oo 
24+4 
23V 
2 3 V - 
Vt 
194 2oo 
3V 
2H 
3*%+ to 
191.8oo 
U H 
13*. 
U + 4 + 
+4 
Averages 

Advances 
9o4 
1258 
TO® 
1126 
Declinees 
896 
588 
772 
657 
Unchanged 
297 
251 
249 
2® 
Total issues 
2o97 
2o97 
®69 
1989 
New 1976-77highs 
123 
91 
M9 
6® 
New 1976 77 lows 
38 
78 
63 
24 
W E E K L Y SALES 
ThisW eek 

•N Y S to cks............ 
NY Bonds 
A m erican Stocks 
Am erican Bonds 
M idwestStocks 

ThisWeek 
AY earAgo 
93,46o.ooo 135.987,52o 
MS,77o,ooo $112,469,ooo 
. 13,47o,ooo 2o.2o3,77o 
$6,57o,ooo $7,193,ooo 
4.985.ooo 6,575,ooo 

9.93 
9 9o 
1o 85 
6 82 
IO 17 
5 87 
7.59 
9 39 

11.67 
9 55 
13 51 
1o 19 
8 o3 
7 29 
9 75 
11 59 
1.9o 
I.® 
5 43 
8 86 
8 TO 

14 65 
12 72 
1o 22 
22 81 
9 28 
1o o3 

W eekly N um ber of Traded issues 
N Y Slocks 
2o97 
N Y. Bonds 
154o 
A m erican Stocks 
114o 
A m erican Bonds 
IM 

NEW Y O R K (A P ) — Dow jones range of prices tor the week ended ® 
STOCK AV E R A G E S 
Open 
H ig h Low C lose Chg. 
Indus 
954 45 955 12 942 9o 947.72 —5 74 
Trans 
223 56 224 48 222 63 224.48 + o 34 
U tils xo7 75 1o7 75 1o6 69 IM 69 - o 54 
65 Stks 
311 22 311 22 3® 21 3o9 57 — 1.27 
BO ND AV ER AG E S 
2o Bonds 9o 69 9o 92 9o 69 
9o.81 —o.o2 
U tils 
9 6 ® 
96 26 95 92 
95 92 —o.29 
Indus 
85 
31 85 TO 85 31 
85 TO + o 24 
C O M M O D ITY FU TU R ES IN D E X 
426 37 478 61 418 14 418.14 3 68 

N EW Y O R K 
(A P ) — Standard and 
Poor's W eekly 5® Stock Index: 
H igh 
Low 
Close 
Cha. 
112 66 
111 96 
111.91—o.64 
14.o1 
52 54 
11.66 
1o V 25 

4® InduSt 
2o Trans 
4o U tils 
4o F inancial 
SM Stocks 

111 96 
13.91 
52 18 l l 55 
I® IO 

111.91—o. 
14.o1 unch 
52.1o-o.77 l l 61—o o5 
I® 6 5 -o 45 

Option 
Alcoa 
Alcoa 
Am Tel 
Am Tel 
Am Tel 
AH R 
Atl R 
Att R 
Avon 
Avon 
Avon 
Bank Am 
BankAm 
Beth s 
Beth S 
Bruns 
Bruns 
Burl N 
Burl N 
B urrgh 
Burrgh 
B urrgh 
B u rrg h 
C iticp 
C ltlcp 
C iticp 
Delta 
Delta 
Delta 
Dig Eq 
Dig Eq 
Dig Eq 
Dig Eq 
D ig Eq 
Dig Eq 
Disney 

F rid a y , M ar i i 
& p rice 
Ap-- 
5o 
7V to 
7 16 
55 
7 * 
6o 
2 V 
65 to 
45 
9 
5o 
4’ ? 
6o 
’% 
4o 
7 

Jut 
SH 
IV 
8 
Sto 
+4 b 
5H 

Oct Clos* 
♦to 
57’*, 

45 27 16 
5o 
25 
M 
35 
4o 

5 16 
14k 
I 16 
2’ * 
3-4 
15 13-14 
.3o 
116 
4o 
5Va 
45 
'a 
6o b 
7o 15 16 
8o a 
9o a 
25 a 
3o 9-16 
35 
116 
M b 
35 
4o a 
4o b 
45 13 16 

2 V b 
34$ l l 14 b 
6+4 
1115-16 
7 *i b 
3V 
4V4 
11*113 16 
2</4 
2V 
V 
+4 
3*a 
38% 
4k IS 14 
374% 
14*11314 
15V: 
Mi 
7 16 

57’ 6 
6 2 * 
6 2 * 
4 2 * 
53* 
5 3 * 
53* 
4 6 * 
44* 
4 6 * 
2 6 * 
2 6 * 
3 7* 

5o 
53H 
.6o 
35 
38*1 

’% 
I 16 

4 
14% 

2215 16 a 
44k 
P% 
4% b 
2 Ut 
4% 
4to 
4 l l 16115-16 
4k 
6 
3Vj b 
14k b to 
64% b 
3’/4 b 
5-16 b 
S’/4 
2to 
H 

3 
H 
I 16 
5 
14% 

’A 
44* 
74* 

UV$ 
4 4* 
4 4 * 
674k 
6 7 * 
67*4 
6 7 * 
29’ e 
29’/* 
29’% 
32 to 
32to 
32to 
4 2 * 

4*111 16 
4k 
7 16 to 
5’% 
24k 

5 78 
5 26 
5 21 
8 48 
6 56 
IO 21 

16 42 
18 67 
1o o3 
8 69 
19.11 

11.7o+ OI 
9 65 + 
13 59— 
IO 26- 
8 o3 + 
7 3 5 - 
9 87 + 
11.69 
1.92 
I M 
5 46- 
8 92 + 
8 84+ .1o 

14 68 - 
12 72— 
1o 22— 
23 o o - 
9 35 + 
OI 
1o o3 

3 91— 
7.39 + 
9 79— 

3 5 2 - 
7 91 — 
12 23— 
8 .o 8 - 
11.92 + 

5 81 + 
5 3o- s. IB­ 
IS*-- 
1o 35 + 

16.66— 
1869 
IO 1 o - 
• 76 + 
19 4o+ .36 

 n a m e 
MadSq Gar 
GHM tg R lty 
C o n tllfR lty 
USRIty Inv 
Fst Pa M fg 
A g u irre Co 
A lberto Cut 
V icto r Com 
AmShipb 
Ponderosa 
P a trick Pet! 
Benguet B 
Interctl D 'v 
Ski I Corp 
Am rep Corp 
Berkey Pho 
Farah M fg 
Justice M fg 
ServCp Int 
Lynch CSys 
Geneseo Inc 
Combust Eq 
Leslie Fay 
Mac And Fo 
M yers LE 

Chg 
+ 5 to 
+ I to 
+ to 
-I- I 
+ 
* 
2 * 
I to 
1*4 
2to 
1 
2 
* l 
I 
14* to to 
4k 

P ct. 
Up 1o2 5 
UP 
56 3 

NEW YO R K (A P ) — The follow ing list shows the New Y ork Stock Exchange stocks and w a rra n ts that have gone up the most and down the most In the past week based on percent of change req ardlessof volum e 
No securities tra d in g below $2 are Incl- uded 
Net end percentagechangesarehe difference between last week's closing price and this week's closing price 
UPS 
L a s t 
1o’% 
3’ e 
2’ J 
3to 
21 j 
14’/4 
74, 
11 
13to 
7’* 
1 4 * 
2 to 
74k 
12 to 
2 
5 
6 
2 
6’* 
8+4 
6 
27to 
74* 
8 * 
11V, 
DOWNS 
N am e 
Last 
Revere Cop 
13+4 
214, 
47 
34k 
82 
17+4 
124* 
32’ , 
4V, 
15’/4 
17 l l ’ * toto 
6+4 
•to 
6to 
2o to 
7’ 4 
2 5 * 
38 to 
5to 
19 
21V4 
32+4 
23’ 

Ups and Downs 

NtM edCare 
ZepataCp p l 
Cook Unit 
H e lie rin t p f 
Perk E lm r 
Stone Con 
Pac Lum ber 
Saxon Ind 
Sambos Rst 
Int M ining 
Zapata Cp 
Vet co Inc 
D PF Inc 
Am tel Inc 
Coieco ind 
X tra C p 
Damon Cp 
Sabine 
Okla NGas 
Safegrd Ind 
Hall Frank 
Savin B Mch 
Tenneco 
RaA 7 25pf 

+ 
4k 
+ I 
+ 
4* 
4- 2+4 
+ 
4k 
+ to 
+ I to 

~ c x 
— 4 
- 8 
— to 
— 9 
— 14k 
— I to 
— 2to 
— to 
— iv* 
— 14% 
— to 
— IV* 
— v, 

 i to 

Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up up 
Up 
UP 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 
Up 

53 8 
34 8 
33 3 
23 9 
19 6 
18 9 
18 5 
16 3 
15 7 
15o 
14 8 
14 4 
14 3 
14 3 
14.3 
14.3 
13 6 
12 9 l l 6 l l 3 l l 3 l l I 
IO I 

Pct. 
O ff 31 7 
O ff is a 
14 5 

— 1+4 
— 2to 
— 
+* 
— I to 
— lto 
— 2 to 
— lto 

811 
O ff 
O ff 
811 
O ff 
O ft 
O ff 
Off 
O ff 
Off 
O ff 
Off 
O ff 
Off 
O ff 
Off 
O ff 
Off 
O ff 
O ft 
O ff 

 l l 8 
9 9 
9 o 
8 2 
8 I 
7 7 
7 6 
7 5 
7 3 
7 2 
6 9 
6 8 
6 8 
6 7 
6 5 
6 4 
6 3 
6 3 
6 2 
6 1 
6 I 
6 o 
Dollar 

o5 

IT 62— .o2 
8 5 1 + .13 l f 31— o6 
I 7 o - .OI 
12 o4— W 
I.® . ... 
T O — o2 
9 3 2 - OI 
1o M - o? 
13.49— o6 
4.OS- o4 
567 + 
OI 
7 6 2 - o5 
11 75+ . » 
9 77+ o3 
• 34+ 
o7 

11 99 
4 22 
IO 85 
12 84 

6 32 
7 JI 
8 96 
9 35 
1o 13 
S M 
5 l l 
I TO 

6 79 
5.17 
9 18 
4 15 

1357 
7 IO 
6 23 
7 94 
3 89 
3 96 

18 49 i4 w 
7 $5 
1o 99 
9 IO 
12 18 
9 82 
9 63 
1o 34 
I 46 
6 29 
IO 79 
J 18 
5 53 

11 76 
6 13 
IO 76 
12 61 

6 25 
7 3o 
8 89 
9 32 
IO ® 
5 43 
S M 
I 6o 

6 68 
5 14 
9o2 
4 ® 

13 54 
7 o6 
6 19 
7 87 
3 84 
3 84 

18 35 
13 85 
7 46 
IO U 
I 99 
12 to 
9 77 
9 6o 
K 22 
3 42 
6 22 
1o 65 
7 o8 
5 31 

11 85— 
6.2o- 
IO 1 3 - 
12 6 5 - 

6 29— o2 
7 31— .o4 
8 91— o7 
9 35— .14 
1o l l - .53 
5 4 9 - o2 
5 O f- .o2 
I 6 o - .o9 

6 7 1 - 
5.16 
9 1 6 - 
4 .1 J- 

.o1 

13 57 + o5 
7 ® ,. 
4 2 2 - OI 
7 91 
3 8 4 - o5 
3 84— .12 

11 49+ .2o 
13 9 2 - .o7 
7 5 4 - 
1o 99 + 
9 O S- 
12 17 
9 81— 

.•’ S i 
3 45 
4 29 + 
1o 79 
I 14— 
5 $3 + 

D iv id e n d s 

F R ID A Y S D IV ID E N D S D E C LA R E D 
Fa- nod 
R ate 
IR R E G U LA R 
Great Am Corp to 
I aba tv John A 
28 
LordA bbott inc FO 
o6 
M assM utl M fg 
29 
USForeign Sac 
IJ 
Union On Canada 
26 
I T OCK 
Chaesco indust 
S ent Instrum ent re a l Am Corp 
Sooner L fln s u r 
Utah P w r8iLt 
• 

Stk of pa recard 

 lope 

 r n 
5opc 

3 31 
W 

3 31 
3 31 

 i t 
I J] 
125 
J IT 

NEW YORK i H E W Y O R K (A P ) — The fo llow ing Is a list of the most a ctive stocks based on the dollar volum e 
The to ta l is based on the m edian p rice of the stock traded m u ltip lie d by the shares traded. 
Name 
Tot (SIO®) Salesfhds (Last rc 
SMS, 1717295 283’ k 
*55,171 16469 
33%, 
Am TetATel .............. 
152,17o 
8314 62V* 
.Coca Cota 
.................. 
$45,923x6113 
7fr>4 
East Kodak 
$42,433 
5715 72’ , 
E x x o n ..........................$4o,187 
7747 
Gen M otors 
.............. $39,113 
548o fo p s Co 
. $3o,959 
433o 
JJOb'l ............................ $28,41o 
4178 
Dow Ch 
$26,231 
M42 

52to 
T ito 
72to 
68 to 
38 

NEW Y O R K (A P ) — The follow ing list shows the A m erican Stock 
Exchange stocks and w a rra n ts th a t have gone up the most and down the most in the past week based on percent of change regardlessof volum e 
No securities trad ing below S2 are Incl uded 
Net and percentagechangesarethe difference between last week’ s closing price and this w eek's closing price 
UPS n a m e 
Last 
Cho 
P ct. 
1 
A lld T hrm 
19V 
+ 
5 to up 
37 2 
2 
Reading Ind 
3 
+ 
* 
Up 
33 3 
3 
Vintage Ent 
2to 
+ to 
Up 
25 o 
4 
B arw ick ET 
2 
+ 
V 
Up 
23.1 
5 
F rien d Fro 
2” . 
+ 
V u p 
21 4 
6 
UVInd w t 
5+4 
4- I 
Up 
21 I 
7 
PlyG em In 
5+6 
+ 
H 
Up 
2o.6 
8 
Cav it roo 
IS 
+ 
2V 
Up 
18 8 
9 
ThreeD D pt 
4 
+ 
V 
Up 
18.5 
IO 
G arcia Corp 
2’ ? 
+ 
V 
Up 
17 6 l l 
A m M aize B lOto 
4 
IV* up 
17.4 
I? 
Tubos M ex 
3 V 
+ to up 
17.4 
13 
Silo Inc 
8 * 
+ 
IV* 
Up 
16.7 
14 
EasonOi! Co 
% 
+ 
7 
Up 
16 3 
15 
DWG Corp 
+ 
V 
Up 
14.2 
16 
Cameo Inc 
1 to 
+ 
I 
Up 
14 o 
17 
A m M aize A 
IO 
+ 
IV 
Up 
15.9 
IS 
Kuhns B qK 
V t 
+ 
I up 
15 4* 
19 
Swest G Fin iv 
+ 
V 
Up 
14.7 
® 
Compac Cp 
C apital Res 
• to 
+ lto 
Up 
14.5 
IT 
3 
4 
V up 
14.3 
22 
Hetnicke 
2 
4. to 
Up 
14 3 
23 
R oddick Cp 
6 
4 
+4 
Up 
14.3 
74 
W ichita Ind 
5 
4 
V 
Up 
14 3 
25 
Satetran A 
11V 
+ 
IV 
Up 
13.8 
DOWNS 
Name 
Last 
Chg 
Pct. 
I 
M ercant Ind 
2 
_ 
I 
Off 33.3 
2 
Stanqe Co l l 
--- 3to 
O ft 
22.1 
3 
ISC Finl iv 
V 
O ff 
15 o 
4 
Ronco Tetep 
2’% 
— 
V 
O ff 
15.o 
5 
Tenneco wt 
6 
— 
I 
Off 
14.3 
6 
7 
Fays D rug 
Ohio Brass 
1 4 * 
38V z ito 
5V 
8 B 
13 2 
12.7 
8 
9 
InstruSys pf 
G arland c p 
8+ 4 
3 * 
— 1+4 to 
8 S 
12.5 i l l 
IO 
Cohu Inc 
I V 
_ 
V 
O ff l l 5 ll 
Fabieci Cp 
3 
V 
O ff l l I 
12 
Noiex CP 
4 to 
O ft 
111 
13 
ICM Realty 
5” . 
V 
Off 
IO 9 
14 
U N atCp pf 
5+4 
— 
V 
O ff 
1o6 
15 
Std M etals 
4 to to 
Off 
IO 5 
16 
Coft Corp 
Ito 
— to 
O ff 
IOO 
17 
Gladding 
3 V 
— 
V 
Off 
IOO 
18 
Sundance O 
15 
IV 
O ff 
9 8 
19 
AiegA 87wt 
2V to 
Off 
9 5 
® 
AM AX w» 
4*4 to 
O ff 
9.5 
21 
Golden Cycl l l to 
I ” . 
O ff 
9.5 
22 
Eazor E xp 
6 
V 
O ff 
9 4 a 
Kleer Vu In 
3 V 
V 
O ff 
O ff 
9 4 
24 
Sen rn uit toto 
I 
9.o 
25 
Na! Silver 
3H 
V 
O ff 
8.8 
.eaders 

AMERICAN 
NEW YO R K (A P ) - T h e follow ing is a list of the m ost a ctive stocks basad on the dollar volum e 
The total is based on the m edian p rice of the stock traded m u ltip lie d by the shares traded 
T o t(S to w ) s a le s(hds)Last 
Name 
HouOtlM 
Kewanee In 
Asam era O 
Syntex Corp 
H usky O il 
POE I top! 
Gt Bas Pet 
Gent Explor 
POE ’ 48pt 
Kaiser ind 

$2o,238 
43® 
$19,564 
4686 
$8,147 
7163 
$6,243 
32o2 
$6,o85x2529 
$3,75o 
1571 
$3,445 
51o5 
$3,351 
327o 
$3,o49 
’o99 
$3,oo4 
1863 

Chicago Grain 

CHICAGO (A P ) — A late wave of new buying fum ed up short covering and the 
19 cents a bushel e a rly loss in soybeans was fum ed in to a m ixed close on the Chi caoo Board of Trade F rid a y. 
Soybean m eal lost $2 a ton but soy oil was up to cent a pound after an e a rly loss of as m uch 
Declines of lto to 2’ 2*, cents in corn, oats and wheat w e rt sharp ly cut Iced b ro ile r prices ware n a rro w ly m ixed at the close of a very lig h tly traded session 
Rain fen over sections of the M id d le - 
West and m ore was prom ised for the' weekend and this was a m aior selling factor in grain s and on the soybean com plex 
H o w ever, the am ount of soybeans crushed last week for m eal and oil was not up to trade expectations end th is served as a sailing point Also, spreading a c tiv ity in vo lvin g the purchace of new crop against sales of old crop m onths was very active rn the com plex 
W heat. corn and oats also opened on a m ixed tone but when soybeans cam e un der strong selling pressure to fe ll 19 cents gram s weakened sharply. Th# lata ra lly in soybeans ben efitted gra in s also 
At the close, soybeans were 8 cents a, bushel lower to 7’ , higher, M arch 8 IS, wheat was to lower to +« higher, M arch 
2 74’ 4. corn was to lower to I higher, 
M arch 2 54’ 4 and oats were unchanged to 
I ’ 4 tow er. M arch I 72’ 4 

Th# 
*fi 
Market «.£ 

B BSI?I 
[ m m 
I m? n 
Analysis 
I* 571 

I U 
IM E S 

31 I N I I S Y I I A I S 
Much J - ti 

M ar 
M ay 
Jut 
Sap 
Dec 
Mar 

O pen 
H ig h L o w C le s tP rt* 
W H E A T (5 ,o « bu) 
2 73’ j 2 74+4 
2 81 
2 81 ’ 4 
2 87 
2 M 
2 94 
2 95 
3 o3to J OS 
3 toto 3 toto 
CORN (I,M O bu) 

2 71+4 2 74to 2 74’ 
2 7|to 2 ®+4 2 8o 
2 85 to 2 87 
2 87 
2 92’ j 2 94’ 4 2 94 
3 o4+1 3 o4 
3 toto 3 13 
3 o2’ 
J to 

 s ir * 

4 2 : 
4 I! 
’ I I fs 
S JI 
Dec 

M ar 
2 54 2 54’ , 2 53’ 
M ay 
2 41 2 41 to 2 2 
Jut 
2 46 ’ 4 7 66'4 2 64- 
Sep 
I 63' i 
2 49 2 47', 
Dec 
2 7o*4 
2 72 2 7© 
M ar 
2 toto 2 77to 2 74' 
OATS ($,ooo bu) 
M ar 
I 72to 
I 73 I TI 
M ay 
I 73to I 7 3 ', I TI 
JU* 
I 66 I 66 4 I 64 
H p 
I SI to 
I 59 I “ 
I 
4-fc 
4 M 

41 
5 2-1 
4 2; 
4 1 

I 63 
I 61' 

3 25 
4 I 

3 25 

3 18 
3 25 

3 2o 

4 2$ 
4 15 

 l f ! 

4 1$ 
4 1 

 ad*<£ 

4 1$ 

 x 2 to r t split, subject to approve), pay able date unannounced 
IN C R E A S E D 
F st Conn Sml Bus 
125 
In tl Seaway 
. l f 
LM F Cora 
o7 
L e w ry's Food 
o7 
IN IT IA L 
Am Shipbid n 
IO 
Sooner L f new 
» 
C O RR EC TIO N 
Old Repubi in tl x 
71 
» na m e of com pany being correct prey lousy announced declaration 
R E S U M E D 
Andrea Radio 
o7 
4 
R E G U LA R 
AS PRO Inc 
Abbott Labs 
Adams Drug 
A rts Way M fg 
Big Three Indus 
C ity N atl Corp 
C larkson Indus! 
Cocco Inc 
De Soto Inc 
Delchester Bd FU 
Drexel U tliS hr 
Ft Al ab Bm. stir 
Gannett Cd 
General Cable 
G rand C n trl Inc 
H arding Carpet A 
Longview F ibre 
M ate ria l Retch 
M erca ntile Texas Q 
M utt Oman In t ShrM 
I 
N il Fuel Gas 
R eitm ans Canada 
I 
Shape!I Indust 
Sthest Bank ng 
Spar ton Corp 
Toronto Dom Bk 
Wai M a rt Stores 
W ashington Post 
West Company 
Wix Corp 
» g l l i L " BocB 
A m arillo L iv esto ck 
A M A R IL L O , Tex 
(A P ) 
Late week demand tor steer and heifer carcasses 
Frida y m oderate 
Choice steer beet steady, choice heife r beef $o low er, oui both classes now cle aring fa irly w ell at the curra nt level 
No sates cow boof re ported 
Steer bee* choice I SOO 9oo lbs 57 ® 
Heifer beef choice 3 5oo /OO lbs 55 7$ 

M ar 
M ay 
Jut 
Aog 
Sap 
Nov 
Jan 
M ar 
M ay 

M ar 
M ay 
Jut p 

S S 
I Jan 
M ar 
.M ay 

SOYBEANS <5.o® bu) 
I ! 
I 78 
1 23 
! 11 
7 47 
7 OS 
2 Otto 
7 13 to 

• 24to I o4 
• 29 
6 o4’ 
I B 
IO ) 
8 14 
7 95 
7 49’ , I IT 
7 ® a 4 96 
7 14 
7 OI 
7 I* 
7 o7 
7 21 
7 o9 
SOYBEAN O IL (6o,o9o lbs) 

2 54 4 2 54’ t 
2 4o*4 2 •!• 
2 66 
2 66’ 
7 68 4 2 68< 
2 72 
2 71 
2 77to 2 76* 

I 72'4 I 73’ 
I Tito I 73 
I 65 to I 64 
I 59 
I 59 
I 62to I 635 

I 15 
I 23 
8 2o 
I 23 
• IT 
12o 
I o7’ * I o9 
7 45 
7 ap 
7 o$ 
TW 
1 op*i 7 .B 
7 25 
7 IO 
7.17V* I 12 

I 25 4o I 
25 95 
26 l l 
25 15 
25 65 
25 TO 
25 15 
25 ® 
25 1$ 

26 o5 
’rn 25 
26 2o 
26 IO 
25 6o 
25 JO 
25 JO 
25 35 

o5 
25 IO 
B B 
25 IO 
B IO 
24 7o 
24 TO 
24 TO 
34 15 

SO YB EAN M E A L (IOO lens) 

B 55 
26 o5 
26 B 
26 2o 
26 IO 
25 6o 
B 25 
25 JO 
B 35 
25 35 

VV 
26 OO 
25 TS 
25 6o 
25 2o r . ®, 
25 OO 
25 2o 
25 IO 

Cash Grain 

 c h ic a g o (A P ) - 
W heat ino I hard red w inter 7 62J4n F rid a y , No 2 soft rad w in te r 2 6Jton Corn No 2 yellow 2 S6*a> 
'hopper) 2 51 ton (box) Oats No 2 heavy 
I 86’ an Soybeans No I yellow I to’ va 
No 2 yellow corn Thursday was quoted et 2 57ton (hopper) 2 57’ aa (b o x” 

KANSAS C IT Y (A P ) — G ram futures 
F rid a y on the Kansas C ity 
Board of 
Trade 
• 
W H E AT ($,ooo bu) 
— 
Open. .M M R .. L * * Close 
M ar 2 64to 
2 48to 
J 66to 
I M 
Me 
2 7 *to 
2 74 
4 
2 79’ a 
211 
2 I v * 
1 7 4 ’ 
2 81’ ju t i m 
1 

^ • 7 ’ 4 
2 88’ 4 
2 86’ 4 
2 88 
Dec 2 96’ a 
2 RI’ 4 
2 9eto 
2 9* 
Sales 
175 

2*6? V 

2 T ito 
2. lOto 

2 87 to 
2 97to 

Trc*a*urv b i l l . 

23o W 231 OO 224 TO 229 SO 2 » OO 
235 5o 236 ® 729 ® 212® 234 ® 
23 7 oo 237 ® I X SO 235 ® 235 
234 OO 
234 » 228 9o 232 M 233 
216® 7 1 6 ® 711 M 7 16 ® 215 
93 ® 
195 OO 19o IO 194 ® 
192 _ 
IM M 192® 187 5o 191® 
189 o^ 
I® ® 
191 ® IMF 5o 191 OD 
IM X 
19o M 19o 5o IIT ® 19o SO 
IM OC 
189 SO 
19) SO 189 M 191 ® 
189 5o)< 

Money Rule 

F f? tL * VO R K (A P ) — Money rates for 

Prim e rate 6 ’ 4 
Discount -a te 
S’* f ederal funds m a rke t rate 
44* high, IS* low IS* dos# 
D ealer's co m m e rcia l p a p e r; m it e days ss* 5 
'-Ohamercia! paper by finance com pany 
3o 27o days 4‘ a S’ * f»4»ccepf rtr-.ttr dealer in d ic a tio n s !, 
3o 59 days, J TO 4 65 
6o 89 days 4 77 4 77 
9o 119 ays. 4 85 4 ac 
12o 179 d a y*. 4 95 4 9o 
18o 27o days. S IO 5 OB 
C ertif it ate-, pf deposit 
3o 59 days. 4** 4’ a 
*o 89 days 4to 4to 
8o 119 days, 4to 4to 
I® 179 days, 4^4 4'* 
ISO 3® days, 5 54* 
Telerate m oney m a rk e t index 
4 7J, oft o I from Thursday; off o I tor the week 
E urodollar rates 
O vernight |>» 115 16 
I month SI Ie S’ • 
J m onths St 16 $T* 
6 m onths Sto 59 i i 
I year 661 ie 

NEW YORK IA P I 
I 7 
4. t i 4 t i 4 n 
U S Ti e •Sury Hii® 
I U 
4 74 4 M 4 K for Fr 'day 
7 21 
4 74 4 to 4 l l 
Due fl id Ask Y id 
724 
4 79 4 49 4 Bi 
1977 
7 n 
4 78 4 TO 4 IS 
J 17 
4 $o 4 24 4 32 
I 4 
4 I t 4 7) 4 89 
3 24 
4 »+ 4 ?' 4 J) 
I l l 
4 13 4 75 4 f t 
3 31 
4 48 4 B 
4 33 
I IS 
4 14 4 78 4 95 
4 S 
4 43 4 I 
4 34 
8 ZI 
4 la 4 rn 4 91 
4 ) 
4 43 4 31 4 34 
• 25 
4 66 4 74 4 95 
4 14 
4 43 4 27 4 15 
9 I 
4 •7 4 41 4 99 
4 II 
4 5o 4 I 
4 ® 
9 J 
4 15 4 I t 5 oo 
4 a 
4 SI 
4 39 4 ® 
9 » 
4 •J 4 83 5 o2 
$ 3 
4 58 4 46 4 55 
IO 18 
5 OO 4 92 5 I? 
$ $ 
4 58 4 48 4 17 ll 15 
5 M 4 99 5 19 i I i 
4 
■ 4 47 4 $7 
17 IJ 
5 Of 5 o1 5 24 
$ l f 
4 Sr 4 5o 4 4o 
1978 
5 24 
4 to 4 $2 4 43 
* ’o 
I 
17 5 o4 5 28 
5 3! 
4 » 
4 SO 4 61 
2 I 
5 14 5 IO 5 34 
4 J 
4 4o 4 52 4 43 
3 I 
I 
® $ l l $ 39 
6 9 
4 P 
4 55 4 8 
Subiect to Federal 
4 14 
4 64 4 56 4 to taxes but not to 
421 
4 66 4 St 4 TO 
S ta t e in c o m e a rn 
4 v 
4 58 4 71 taxes t x 
4 68 4 4o 4 73 

Disney 
4o 13-16 2316 
D isney 
4 3 * 
3 16 15 16 
Disney 
45 
’ % 
9 16 
D isney 
5o 
• 
3 16 
Dow Ch 
35 
3to 
3*4 
Dow Ch 
« 
V 
15 16 
Dow Ch 
45 
I 16 
V dll Pot 
I® 
IU * 
13+4 du bnf 
1® 
3to 
6’ ? du Pnt 
14o to 23 16 
Eas Kd 
7o 
3 V 
6 
Eas Kd 
SO 
V 
IV 
Eas Kd 
9o 
I 16 to 
Eas Kd 
IM 
I 16 b 
Exxon 
5o 
Tto 
3to 
E xxo n 
55 
3 16 13 16 
Exxon 
6o 
I 16 a 
P N M 
.. 15 
IV* 
17-161 
F N M 
2o a 
I 16 
Fluor 
.. 
3o 
4to 
5to 
Fluor 
35 l l 16 
I * 
Fluor 
4o to to 
Fluor 
... .45 
I 16 b 
Ford 
. 
5o 
7V a v 
Ford 
6o l l 16 iv 

42*1 
4 2 * 
42S* 
424% 
38+4 
38+4 
38+4 
38*> 
38+4 
38+4 
38 
38 
38 
16 13o+k 
8+4 13o+k 
4to 13o+k 
7*. 
72’x 
3 
I b 
3*1 

Gen El 
Gen E l 
Gen El 
G M 
G M 
G M 
Gt Wst 
Gt Wst 
G» Wst 
G it Wn 
G it Wn 
Halbtn 
H albtn 
Halbtn 
Momstk 
Hom sfk 
Horn stk 
Horn stk 
Horn stk 
HOU OM 
HOU OM 
HOU OM 
HOU OM 
HOU OM 
Hou OM 
I N A 
I N A 
I B M 
I B M 
In Har 
In Har 
In Har 
In M in 
In M in 
In M in 
In Pap 
In Pap 
I T T 
. 
I T T 
I T T 
John J 
John J jo hn J 
Keno C 
Kenn C 
Keno C 
K err M 
K err M 
Kresge 
K resge 
Kresge 
Loews 
Loews 
Loews 
Loews 
Mc Don 
Mc Don 
Mc Don 
M erck .. 
M erck 
M e rril 
M errit 
M e rril 
M M M 
M M M 
Mon san 
Monsan 
M onsan 
N C R 
N C R 
N C R 
Nw to r 
Nw A ir 
Penn/ 
Penn/ 
Pepsi 
Pepsi 
Polar .. 
Polar 
P o la r 
Polar 
R C A 
R C A 
R C A 
Sears 
Sears 
Sperry 
Sperry 
Sperry 
Sperry 
Syntex 
Syntax 
Syntex 
Tandy 
Tandy 
Tandy 
T an dy 
Teidyn 
Tetdyn 
Teidyn 
Teidyn 
Teidyn 
T e id yn 
T e id yn 
Tesoro 
Teeoro 
Tex in 
Tex In 
Tex In 
Tex In 
Upjohn 
Upjohn 
U p john 
Weyerh 
Weyerh 
Weyerh 
Xerox 
X e rox 

A E P 
Am HOS 
Am Hos 
Am HOS 
A M P 
B ally 
.. 
B ally 
Baxter 
Baxter 
Baxter 
Blk DK 
B lk M 
B lk DK 
Boeing 
Boeing 
Boe no 
B. • 
Bois C r B s 
< a I 
Coke 
.. 
Coke 
Coke 
C o lgat 

 a n 
, i m : 
Gn Dyn 
Gn Dyn 
Go Dyn 
Gen Fd 
Gen Fd 
Hewiet 
Mewler 
H e w itt 
H Inns 
H Inns 
Hanwli 
Hon w i I 
Monwll in F lv 
In F lv • 
J M any 
J Many 
J Many 
M GIC 
MGIC 
• 
M obil 
M obil 
M obil 
M obil 
M obil 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
N Semi 
QCCi 
.. a c c ! ___ 
O cct 
Reythn 
Raythn 
Rynlds 
R voids 
SI urn bn 
Slump 
S kylin 
Sfcytin iouthn 
Soulful 

SO 21 16 
55 
3 16 
6o 
6o 
TO 
BO 
15 
2o 
25 
15 
2o 
5o 
6o 
7o 
25 
3o 
35 

 toto 
2»% 
I 14 a 
V t 
3 16 to 
I 16 
6to 
9 16 
I 16 
16+4 to 
6to 
4o 27 14 b toto 
13’% 
•to 
Jto lto 
I 16 to 

23 to 
6*. 

. 
45 
. . » 
. 35 
4o 
45 
5o 
6o 
.. 45 
X 
26o 
28o 
25 
X 
35 
35 
4o 
3 
45 b 
5o 
6>« 
6o to 
25 
7to 
» 
27 16 
35 to 
TO 
17% 
SO a 
9o a 
25 29 16 
.. 3o to 
35 a 
7o 

3’* 
+4 
3 16 b 
4 

7to 
Sto to 
15 16 
3 16 a 
2to a b a 
7to 
3to lto i i ’ j 
13’ , 
9 to 
6to 
3to 

SO 
3o 
35 
4o 
25 
® 

3 16 
28’ , 
13+4 a 
8’% 
3 
3+k 
4 
5 16 13 16 15 16 
8 a 
3to 
I 
Tto ito b a 
4% 
4 
7 14 to 
3to 
IS 14 a 
2to 

72’/% 
72’ * 
72'-* 
52'4 
5 2 to 
52' 4 
16'4 
16' 4 
34'4 
3414 
34’4 
34to 
574% 
574% 
51to 
51+* 
51to 
T ito 
71 to 
T ito 
224% 
22to 
22H 
143 
14+4 
56’ , 
56” , 
56' , 
41 to 
41 ” 4 
41 to 
41 to 
41 to 
47+4 
47+4 
47+4 
47+4 
47+4 
47+4 
42+* 
424* 
33to 282+ 
19 282+4 b 
33 

3 16 b 
2+4 ito b a 
3 
4’% b 
4* b 
5 i ’% b 
3+k 
I 
1+% 
5 16 a 
3 to to b b 
8 
4+4 
2+k b b b 
Tto 
5 to 
I 21 16 
I 19 16 

I 16 b 
4 to 
9 16111 16 

4'% ito a 
2” , b 
Jto ito 
5'% 
1»% b 
4” , 
14* l l 16 
4 

I 16 
IO 
5 
35 l l 16 
4o 
116 
5o to 
6o 
I 14 
45 15 16 
6o to 
TO 

 to a 
5to 
2'% to 
13 16 
J 16 
24* 
Jto 
5 I i 

54* 
2’ , lto b 
6 
2to ito 
IV, b 
3to 
Sto to 
.. M l l 16 I* 14 
2to 
.. 2$ 
I 16 to l l 14 
X 
I 16 b b 
5o 
2+4 
SH 
4* 
6o 
I 16 
* 14 13 16 
7o 
4+4 a 
•to 
8o to 
2to 
31% 
9Q 
I 16 
7 14 15 16 
• JO 
SH tv * b 
35 
I V 
2’ ? 
3to 
4o to 
+4 IS 16 
25 
9 16 
I V 
21 14 
3o a 
5 14 a 
X 
Jto 
41% a 
35 to 
1’% 
I V 
7o 
3 V 
5 to 
•to 
•o to 
13 16 
2 to 
X 
5to 
6’% 
7’% 
.. 35 15 162® 16 
3 * 

T reasury R ends 

N EW Y O R K ( A P I - O v e r .(he Counter 
U.S. Governm ent T reasury bonds, w eekly h ig h . tow and closing askad p rlc a *, the net change from the previous week's 
Closing asked p rice and yield 
Rate M a tu rity High Low 
LastC hgYieia 
OO 4 IOO 3 IOO 3 — 
I 
4.23 
6 ” , M a r 77n IC 
74*A pr 77n IOO 121® 111® l l 
_ 
6 toM ay77n IOO 131oo 111oo 12— 
I 
9 
M ay 77n IOO 251oo 231oo 23— .5 
6 to M a y7 7 n to o 141oo 131oo 13— .4 
6” ,J u n 77n I ® IS I® 171® 17— .1 
7’ ,J u l 77n 1o1 3 1o11 1o1.2 — .1 
TtoAug 77n 
1o1.81o1 7 IOT * 
.. 
8 ’ 4Aug 77n 1o1 191o1.171o1 IT— .2 
8toSep 77n 1o1 261o1 251o1 25— .2 
7toO ct 77n 1o1.151o1.141o1.IS— .1 
TtoNev 77n 1o1 221o1 211o1.21 — .2 
6toN ov 77n 1o1 31 IOO. 3o1o1 31 + .31 
7toDec 77n 1o1 171o1.151o1.16— 
6+»Jan 7Bn 1oo 281oo 261oo 28 
6toF eb7 8n 1oo.251oo 231oo 25 F .1 
8 
F ab 78n 1o2 131o2 121o2 1 3 - . I 
6 to M a r 78n 1o1 1o1o1 7 1o1 1o+ .2 
6’ ,A p r 78n 1o1 I 1o1 
1o1 I 
7toM ay 78n IOT 231o1 221o1 23 
TtoM ay Tin 1o2.171o2 161o2.17 
7’%Mey78n1o1 241o1 221o1 24 + 
6toJun Tin 1o1 161o1.131o1 16 + 
6 to Ju l 78n 1o1.161o1 141o1.16 
TtoAug 
-Bn 1o2 171o2 141o2 IT 
4*v . 8toAug 78n 1o4 21o3 311o4.2 + 
J 'iJ l-B to A u g 
78n 
TOI 51o1 3 1o1.5 i, v , T 6’4Sep 78n IOO ® IOO 161oo 2o4 
5toO ct 
7Bn IOO 
99 281oo 
+ 
6 
Nov 78n IOO 51oo 2 IOO 5 + 
5toNov 78n 99 23 99 2o 99 23 + 
5'4D ec 78n 99.23 98 22 98 26+ .. 
I ’ .O ec 78n 1o3 M1o3 171o3 2o+ .2 
5toJan 79n 99 26 99 22 99.26+ .1 
7 
F a b 79n 1o1 261o1 231o1 26+ .I 
5toFeb 79n 99.24 99 19 99.24+ .2 
7+*M ay 79n 1o3 211o3 181o3 21 
... 
7+4Jun 79n 1o3 151o3 121o3 IS 
6toA ug 79n 
1oo.81oo.4 1oo 8 
6’%A ug 79n 1o1.141o1 131o1 16+ .2 
8 ’ , Sep 
79n 1o5.6 1o5 2 1o5.6 
6’ 4NOV 79n 99 3o 99 24 99.3o+ .2 
6toN ov 7Ri 1oo.271oo 211oo.27 f .1 
7 
NOV 79n 1o1.221o1.181o1.22. 
7’ ,Dec 79n 1o 2 29 1 o2 241o 2 29+ 
J 
4 
Fab M 
94 8 
94 4 
94 8 + 
2 
6 ” , F eb 8on IOO 9 IOO 2 IOO 9 + .3 
7’ ,M a r 8on 1o3 
1o2 241o3 
+ .6 
67%Mey M n IO I 4 IOO 31 IOT 4 + .2 
TtoJun M n 1o3 8 1o3 
1o3 8 + .4 
9 
A ug 8® 1o7.1o1o7.51o7 1o+ 
J 
6toSep 
8on 1o1 
1oo.221o1 
+ .2 
3’ ,NOV IO 
91 4 
9o 3o 91 2 + .8 
5toOec 8on 97 17 97 6 
97 17+ .8 
7 
F eb S in 1o1 2 IOO 261o1 2 + .2 
7toFeb 81n 1o2 9 1o2 1 1o2 9 + .6 
6 to M a r Sin IOO 161oo 4 IOO 16+ .4 
TtoM ay Sin 1o3.4 1o2.8 1o2 8 + .6 
7 
A u g 81 
IOT.271o1 221o1 27— .I 

The Market In Brief 
NY Stock Eichanie Issues 

VOLUME 

2 I.S K .o Io 

SHARES 

A m e x 
Opt ions 

F rid a y, M ar l l 
4 price 
Apr 
25 
5 b b 
X 15 16 
I V 
7V 
35 
I 16 
V 
* 
25 
3 a 
3 V 
3o 
314 
V 
IS 14 
25 a v a a 
X lto 
21 14 
2V 
35 to 
5 16 b 
15 
3V 
3H 
4 V 
® to 13 16 iv . 

5 
5 55^ 
5 59 
5 6o 
5 59 
5 61 
5 73 
5 75 
5 74 
5 79 
5 
5 „ 
5 ® 
5 92 
5 ’ 6 
5 9F 
5 98 
$99 
6 OI 
6 o5 
6 IO 
6.1 
6 2o 
6 27 
6 28 
6 28 
6 32 
6 35 
6 TS 
6 39 
6 4o 
6 48 
6.51 
6 58 
6 55 
6 26 
6 62 
6 68 
6.7o 
6 73 
6 74 
6 51 
6 84 

25 l l 16 13 14 lick)i|ii 

475 

ISSUES 
TRAOED 

I 16 to 
I 16 

5to 
5to i t o i n 16 
I 16 
5 16 

4o 
3 14 l l 16113 14 
45 
I 14 b b 
. 
® 
8 * 
9 b 
25 
3 V 
4’% 
4 V 
X 
V l l 16 
I V 
6o2® 16 
4 V 
5 V 
. . . 7o 
I 16 
* ito 
35 
3’ • 
4 V 
5 
® 
7 ta 
I V 
2 H 
.. 
45 
I 16 
V b 
5o 
I 16 b b 
2o 
9 14 
I V I ® 16 
25 
I 14 
1/4 
V 
X 
I 14 b b 
X 
7 * b b 
35 
3’% 
4to 
Sto 
® 
V 
I V 
I V 
45 a 
5 16 IS 16 
SJV a v 
•to 
IO 
. 
55 b 
6H 
I V 
54to 
2+4 
5+4 av 
...4 o b 
4to 
5* 
U to 17 16 
2* 
7o b IS 16 21 16 
77V 
I 14 b b 
15 
2o 
•o 

5 16 l l 16 
I 16 
I 16 
5’% 
Tto 
9o l l 16 
2’ . 
IM 
HO 
35 
I V 
4o 
’ • 
45 
I 16 
4o 
I 
45 
’% 
SO a 
SO 
IV 

I 16 13 16 
I 16 
2to to b 
2’% 

6o 
I 16 
M ay 
B 
B 
JO 
35 
3o 
X 
B 
X 

 to j ’% 
1 14 
I 16 to 
$to 
Ito 
•to 
35 l l 14 
4o 
I 14 
2*1 
3 14 
I 14 
•to 
4to 
45 13 14 
V 25-16 
35 a 
M 
Tto 
4o 
1<% 
TO 
V * 
8o IT 18 
M 

 t 
3 14 
4V* 
4to 
2 b 
Jto 
17 14 b 
3 to 13 14 to b 
34* 
4*1 
9 16 15 14 
NOV to 
4 
14% a b to m 16 
Tto 

A^ * 
* 5 

3to 

25 
J B 
4o 

4 * 
5 *i a 
I 
3 to to b b a b 
4 to 
6 
2to215 14 
S to 
3+4 to lto 

Ito 

25 
X 
X 
• I C 
= * t 
45 
SB 
6o 
X 
■ M to 
7o 
5*4 to IV 14 
9o 
3 14 

 ito 
9to 
•to b b 
9 14 13 14 19 14 

Ito 
!to 

I 16 to 
Jto 
’ , 
11+4 
J 
Ito 

 to to to IS 14 
4 
4to it o i n 16 b b 
•to 
9to 
Jto 
4’ I 
• I I I 14 to l l t i 

2to 
I 14 
•to 
I 

IO 
IS 
4o 
45 
®113 14 
2o to 
B 
25 

J? 
IS 
JO 
M 

•to 
V t to 

• J I 
6o 
65 
7o 
3 
25 
3* 
35 
15 
• l l 
35 
5o to 

16+4 
13** 
♦to 
4to lto 
4to 

3 16 
I 14 
I 16 
I I 
4 lto 
5 to 
•to ito ito 
316 

 a 
Sto to 
3 
5 16 
IO’ * 
‘ ’I lto 
5 16 
I 
3 * to ito to 

•to 
4to b lto 
9 16 
B 
/to 
4 
3 to b 

18% 

 to 
•to 
3 
Jto 

 lto 
6 

• 

 lto 

K 
9 16 l l 14 
3 14 
B 

 l l g 
• to 
7 
I ’ , 
Sto 
•to tto 
•to 
?to 

 a 
•to 
Jto 
Jto b 

33 
33 
42to 
42” , 
42 
5 6 * 
56’% 
32”* 
32 ” 4 
32 to 
TOH 
7oto 
7o+T 
27” . 
27to 
27’ * 
67 to 
67to 
33to 
33H 
33to 
34+, 
34*4 
34*. 
34+4 
437% 
43*% 
437% 
5T/4 s$to 
19*4 
19*4 
19*4 
52 
52 
76’* 
76’ 
76to 
M to 
15” , 
35’ , 
24” . 
24+4 
33 
33 
72to 
72to 
347* 
347-* 
347/. 
347% 
287% 
MTT 
287. 
62’* 
62’ . 
377* 
377* 
37to 
37’ * 
19<% 
19*. 
19’% 
37’ , 
37” , 
37’ , 
37’ , 
59to 

59*4 
ZZ 
59*1 
59 +k 
14*k 
14+4 
M to 
Sto 
•3 ’ , 
357% 
357% 
SS** 
38’% 
397* 
3 9 '. 
497/* 
497* 

23*4 
27*. 
27*. 
27 to 
27 
!5 to 
25*. 
3 ” , 
3 ’ , 
P ’T 
167. 
16'* 
16'* 
43'% 
4 3 '. 
4 3 '* 
32 
32 i7 to 
ST*. 
76to 
76to 
74to 
24to 
24H 
JOto 
22** 
J I** 
56+4 
56+4 
56+4 
St’ , 
SI1» 
TJto 
7Jto 
73+4 liV j if t o 
4 9 *. 
•♦to 
4 9H 
I * '* 
1 9'. 
31to 
J lto i i * * 
14+* 
16*% 
H i 
66' . 
67+4 
M'% 
66’ . toto toto toto toto to’* 
24 
24 
24 
SAH 
56+. 
••to 
66+4 
56* 

TtoAug a in 1o2 3o1o2 241o2 3o + 
7 
N o v U n IOO 231oo 121oo 23 + . l l 6 81 
7+4NOV Bin 1o3 221o3 81o3 2 2 + . l l 6 81 
6 ’ .F e b 82n 
97 
96.19 97 
+ .12 6.85 
6*%Feb 82 
98 22 98 16 98 22+ 
2 
6 69 
8 
M ay82n 1o4 161o4 8 1o4 16+ .4 
8’* A u g 82n 1o5 31o4 22)o5 3 + .5 
7 '*N o v Sin 1o4 21o3 241o4 2 + .5 
8 
Feb 83n 1o4 211o4.8 1o4.21 + .9 
3”. Jun 
78 83 
82 M 82 26 82.3o- .6 
7 
Nov 83n 99 24 99 1o 99 24+ .14 7.o5 
7toF eb8 4n IOO 211oo 5 1oo 21 + .14 7.12 
6+%Aug 84 
97 8 
97 4 
97 6 — .6 
6 87 
3” 4May 85 
78 IO 78 2 
78.6 — .6 6.77 
4toMay 75 85 
83 28 83 22 83.24— .4 
6.88 
7toM ay86n 1o3.1o1o2 261o3.1o+ .1o 7 36 
• 
Aug 86n 1o4 41o3 X Io 4 4 + . l l 7 38 
6’ %Nov 86 
96 6 
96 
96 6 + 
6 
6 67 
3’ , Feb 9o 
73 12 73 
73 12 + .6 
8’kM ay 9o 
IU . 2 1o5 221® 2 + .4 
4toAug87 9274 3o 74 28 74 3 o - .8 
4 
F ab88 93 73 28 73 18 73 28 
.4 
6*kFeb 93 
96 12 96.6 
96 12 
7’ ,A u g 88 93 IOO 81oo 
1oo 8 + .4 
4toMay 89 94 
73.2 
72.3o 73 2 - .6 
3 
F eb 95 
72 22 72 6 
72.22 + 
7 
May 93 98 
97 28 97 22 97 38 
3’ ,NOV 91 
72.2o 72 2 
72.M + 
8” ,M a y 9 4 99 1o7 
1o6 221o7 
+ 
7 '.F e b 9 5 W 1o1 141o1 41o1-14 + 
8*»Aug9S oo1o6 61o5.241o6 6 + 
8 
A u g96 OI 1o2.241o2 81o2 24+ 
. 
8’ kM ay ® o5 1o5 121o4 281o5 12 + .14 7 74 
7».Febo2 o7 98 16 98 4 
9 8 .1 6 + .8 
7.77 n— Treasury Notes 
P rices quoted 
In dollars ad th irty seconds 
Sublect to Federal taxes but not 
State Int om e taxes 
Foreign Exchange 

6 95 
6 98 
6 99 
7.o2 
6 63 

Vs? 
6 92 
6 69 
I 13 
7 47 
6.81 
14 5 4o 
7.25 
5 77 
7 75 
7 73 
7 73 
7 72 

NEW YO RK (AP) 
New Y o rk prices. 
Fgn .cdrrency 
In dollars 
FU . 
Thu. 

Foreign Exchange. 

Omaha Livestock 
Om a h a , Neb (A P )(U $ O A )—L ive sfo c« quotations F rid a y : 
Hogs 
3 S®, barrow s and g ilts fa irly a ctive, steady to 25 low er instances Sc 
•lo w e r; U S. 13 2® 24o lb X M M M , sows n e e d y to ® low er fu ll decline over SOC lb . 35o 4oo lb 33 M 35 M 
Cattle and calves 
S®. bulk of supply feeder ca ttle for w eekly auction, no' enough trad e on any slaughter class to establish a m arket 

 l l t i 14 19 1411$ 14 

 st md 
It md 
St lad 
Tx GM 
Tx G it 
Tx G it 
U A L 
U A L 
U A L 
U Tech 
U Tech 
U Tech 
J Walt 
J W all 
J Wait 
W hims 
W h im * 

•to lto 
Jto to 
Mi 
4 
I ’ * 
3 14 tto to 
I 14 
I 

9 14 
5 14 
• a 
• IT 14 
4<« 
4to 
I** 
I 16 13 14 
• 
2’ i 

I* 1 to 

? 
I 
J’* ito a b 
• 
I 
2 '* 
B t to tto b b 
1*4 
2to to to 
S’ , a tto 71 14 

16 
$Jto 
M il 
SJto 
3o*. 
JO*. 
3o+. 
2o'* 

M 
36 

JJto 
J3to 
33** 
24 
24 

Colton 

«u 
- Cotton No J 
New 
Y o rk Cotton 

P re * 

NEW YORK (A P ) tores F n a y on th# 
Exchange 
Open m p h 
Lew C la s t 
COTTON, Ne J I so lbs) 
M ay 
78 25 78 DO 
TI 8o 
Jul 
78 1o TI 6o 
77 7o 
O d 
7 4 ® 75 OO 
74 11 
DW 
7 o ® 7o 65 
7 o ® 
M w 
7o 4o TO 55 
7o o5 
M ay 
7o *5 7o *5 
7o *5 
Jut 
Sales a asked 
7.5® 

78 55 
78 4o 
74 95 to 5o i n c/1 IO 

78 23 
78 19 
74 ® 
7o 31 
TO 55 
I ? * 
TO TO 

 id, n nom via l. 

TO 
IO 
15 
® 
55 to 
25 
X 
35 
2o 
25 
JO 
M 
35115 14 
4o 
5 14 
JO 
4> 
35 15 I* 
4o 
1* 
2o 
5’ 1 
25 15 16 
Total volum e 88.351 
Open interest 3,577,44a 
Not traded b No pp) on otter ad 
"lutter and Eggsi 

CHICAGO (A F ) — ((JSDA) - Butter firm on grade AA, steady on g ra d * A, wholesale buying prices 
F rid a y un changed to to h ig h e r, 9 | score AA BO 12 
•1.7$ 92 A 9o BJ. 9o B unquoted 
Eggs steady, s tie s delivered store door. cartons unchanged 
A extra ia rga 66 73 
A 'a rg * 66 TO, A m edium s 57 62 
' WWW YO RK (A F ) - (U S JI -W h olesa le ago ofter mgs steady, prices urn hanged 

T re n d of Staple Prices 
NEW YO RK ( A P H - The Associated 
Press w eighted wholesale price index of 
^ • " ’ m odifies declined to M i 4* 

High 
U ’ 2 

(1926 average equals KW) 

U 
S 
I ! 
^ B u 

73, 

A rgentina 
Australia 
A u stria 
Belgium 
Brazil 
B ritain 
JOdeyfut. 
6odayfut. 
•Ortaytut. 
Canada 
Chile 
Colombia 
D enm ark 
Egypt 
Ecuador 
France 
Greece 
Holland 
Hong Kong 
Iran 
Israel ita ly 
Japan 
Jordan 
Kuw ait 
Lebanon 
M exico 
Norway 
Peru 
Philippines 
Portugal 
'Saudi Arab. 
So A frica 
♦Rein 
Sweden 
Sw itzerland 
JOdayfut 
6oda yfut 
W dayfuf 
Uruguay 
Venezuela 
W G erm any 
JOBavtut 
6odayfuf 
•Odaytut 

M31o5 M31o5 
I 1o25 I 1o25 
o589 
OMS 
o271 
o271 
o77o 
o77o 
I.T IM I 7171 
1.7o63 I 7o72 
I 6963 I 6972 
1 69® 1.6M6 
9498 
94® 
o562 
.o562 
o285 
.o285 
.17o2 
1699 
1.56 
156 
o4® 
o4® 
2oom k 

4®4 
2166 
2165 
o14® o14® 
o195 
o195 
M i 13o w n ® 
M3547 oo3546 
33® 
33® 
.3463 
3462 
3257 
3273 
o441 
o441 
19o3 
1898 
o137 
.o137 
1352 
1352 
.o2/2 
o258 
2829 
J*29 
I 1525 11525 
o145 
o145 l l 7o 
2367 
39o8 
39® 
I b is 
I b is 
3921 
3921 
3929 
3929 
2381 
2381 
2328 
.2228 
4171 
4173 
4174 
.4175 
4183 
.4177 
4171 
.418o 

IT ® 
36 82 
12 98 
5823 

 r n 
.5992 

N Y S I (Riel 
54 72 ♦o12 

 si i y ciiri 
18o15 
-o 4 2 

Dow (ones Ini 
84? 72 ♦o 88 4 

3o 
7o 
8o 
9o 
...2 5 
3o 
3 J 
15 13 16 
25 
Jto 
3o 
”4 
. 
4o b . 4to 
45 
IV 16 25 16 
46to to lto 
® 
I 16 13 16 
53*» 
116 to 
56to 
I 16 b 
6o a to 
35 
4 
5’/. 
38 to 
1to211 16 
4o 13 16 JI 16 
43 to 
J 16 to 

 a a 
4to 

Metals 

NEW YO RK (A P ) 
Spot nonferrous m etal prices F rid a y copper 71 to cents a pound, U S destinations, lead 31 cents a pound, zinc 37 cents a pound, delivered in $5.4699 a pound, New Y o rk, gold 
$146 ® per tro y ounce, New Y o rk, silver 
$4 775 per tro y ounce. New Y o rk, quick 
Silver $174 ® nom inal per flask, New 
York 

NEW YO R K (A P ) — Spot com m odlt prices (W holesale): 
Prey. Yea 
Today Day 
Ago 
A lu m in u m ,lb ,N Y 
48 
48 
41 
A ntim ony, A m erican 
1 78 
1 78 
I M 
Copper, E le ctro lytic 
Tito 
Tito 
.63 to 
Gold, tro y oz N Y 146 ® 
147 o5 
133 45 
S ilver, troy oz N Y 
4 775 
4 8® 
4 26 
Lead, lb 
Pig lr ® , f o b fd ry 
Buffalo, G rsstn2lo 19 
P ia tin u m ,tryzN Y l6 2 ® 
Q uiC kslvrFlskN Y174 M 
Steel scrap, gross ton, 
Phila Chi.V+itts. 
72.17 
Tin, lb N Y 
5 3o65 
Zinc. lb 

.31 

21o 19 
162® 
171 » 

.31 
.19 

213 92 
155 oo 
125 ® 

7217 
86 17 
5 4699 3 47® 
371mqq37 

LONDON (A P ) — Closing m etals founds ste rlin g per m e tric Ton: 

Copper 
Tin 
Lead 
Zinc 

Bid 
869 ® 
62o5 ® 
4® OO 
4 2 3 ® 

Spot 
Asked 
87o ® 
6215® 
4® OO 
474 W 

Futures 
Bld 
Asked 
17 7 ® 
878 ® 
6355 ® 
6 3 M ® 
416 ® 
417.® 
4® M 
439 ® 

D efter la fgn currency 
FU . 
Thu 
322 M 322 M 
9o7o 
9o7o 
16 97 
36 82 
12 98 
MIB 
.5851 
$885 
S 
IT 
28 I o582 
IT 77 
ITS? 
35 OB 
35 o8 
18745 
5 8835 
.641o 
.641o 
IS ® 
2 5 ® qq99® 4 9925 
o275 
® 34 
34.36 
4®4 
J 492o 2 4975 
4.61® 2 6175 
711o 
711o 
9 1279 9 1279 
884 8o 884 55 
281 9o 282 W 
3 o3® 3 o3® 
2 8875 2 88® 
3.o7® 3.o5® 
22 65 
22 65 
5.2535 5 268o 
7264 
72 64 
7 3964 7 3964 
34 7o 
M TO 
3 5347 3 5347 
M76 
8676 
4 8 ® 
6 8 ® 
4.2185 4.2T 
7 5585 2 5i 
2 554o 2.IL 
2 55o3 2 55o3 
2 5451 2 5251 
4 1999 4 1999 
4 2955 4 2955 
2 39'5 2 39M 
2 3957 2 3952 
2 3952 2 394o 
2 3834 3 3921 

Oct Close 
3o’ * 
» ’* 
3 o . 
27 to 
27'* 
3o*4 
® to 
» t o i i ” ? 
I I ’ * 
2 4 '* 
24 to 
67to 
67*4 
67*4 
|o to 
JO*. 
3oto 
15to 
28*% 
28** 
42to 
42to 
42to 
42** 
42to 
42to 
42H 
38*. 
38 *k 
38*4 
M to 
31*4 
M to 

 lto 

NEW Y O R K (A P ) — P ittsburgh scrap steel No. I heavy was quoted F rid a y by iron Age et $72 OO 73 M 

NEW YO RK (A P ) - Silver futures F ri day on the New Y ork C om m odity Ex change. 
..O p e n 
H ig h .. Lew Close 
Prey 
N Y S ILV E R (5.ooo troy OZ) 
Mar 479 ® 
4 8 1 ® 
4 ® ® 
4® 7os 478 SC 
May 
485 OO 
486 JO 
479 2o 
484 2os 482 OC 
Jul 
489 ® 4 91 ® 
485 ® *89 1os 486 9o 
Sep 
494 2o 
495.7o 
48 3 3o 
4 9 4 o ® 491 SC 
Dec 
M2 ® ® 2 9o 
498 ® M I .OO* 
499 K 
Jan 
5o4 5o 
5o5 7o 
5o1 oo 
5o3 M s 5o1 7C 
M ar 5o9 IO 
5o9 IO 
5o4 ® 
5® 8os 5® TC 
M ay 
5143o 
514.3o 
511 OO 
513 8os 5 1 1 .7C 
Jul 
516 ® 5® JO 
516 ® 51o 7os 516 ® 
Sales estim ated 
6,7® s settling 

S IL V E R (S.oM tray at) 
M ar 
------ 
------ ------ 479 ® 478.* 
Apr 
481 « m oo 477 » 479 ® 479 ® 
M ay 
482.® 
485 M 482 ® 483 » 482.® 
Jun 
486 
® 489 ® 482 3o 484 M 481 2D 
Aug 
491 
® 493 5o 487 ® 489 ® 489.® 
O d 
496 
OO 498 SO 493 OC 494 SO 494 SC 
Dec 
5o1 
® » 4 M 496 ® 5oo ® 499 ® 
Fab 
5® 
OO 5oo W ®3 ® 5o5 « $o4 ® 
Apr 
511 ® 
513 ® SOO W 51o® 5o9 ae 
Jon 
$17 
® 518 M $13 5o 515 oo 514 TO 
Aug 
522 6o $23 M S II M SM JO 519 K 

H ere is the gold future* trad ing for F rl day. M arch H 1977 
Open 
High LowClose 
P ry 
Chicago M erca ntile Exchange 
18o-Troy ounce contracts 
M a r 
147 2o 147 2o 146 IO )46 4o I 
6 » 
Jun 
148 TO 149.to 147 2o 147 
IO 141 IO 
Sop 
IM ® 151 IO 149 4o 149 ® I® IO 
Dec 
153 » 153 ® 151 W 152 ® 153 M 
M ar 
155 9o 155 W 154 » 154® ISS 4o 
Jun 
158 IO IM IO 157 OO 157 
2o 157 TO 
Sales: M arch 23. June 1856 . Seq 338 
Dec I® ; M arch 74; Jun 2. 

New Yam C om m odity Exchange 
188 tro y ounce contracts 

 t o ll ! 14 
I 14 
I 14 

Source 
Bank of A m erica, New York. 

Apr 
Jun 

_«c 
Apr 
Jun 

147 5o 147 ® 145 ® 146 IO* 146 7o 
148® 149 IO 147® 
147 7oS 148 ® 
I M ® I M ® 149® 149 2os 149® 
1 52 ® 152 IO I M ® IM 8os 151 4o 
I S3 to 153 TO 151 W 152 5® 153 IO 
156 ® 156 M 156 ® 
155 9os 156® 
IM ® 158 to vqW 157 Ms IM X 
Satsstim etod 2,7® s settling 

Selected w o rld gold prices F riday 
London 
M orn ing fixin g 
$145 75, of 
$1 3o afternoon fix in g $1® ® . off $o TS. 
^ P a r l* afternoon gold fixin g $146 34, u( 

F ra n k fu rt gold close $146 19 off $1 99. 
Zurich 
$146 OO bid Oft $1 M . $1® 7 asked f t M erm an base price. New York 
$146 ®, o ff W 75 

 s it o T S t f 1$o r ? UnQ p r,c” 
‘ N ,w 
V o r* 

♦ ,t 

Jto 29 16 a 
J 14 
Jto IT 14 to to to IS 14 a to to to to a 
4to a 
9 16 l l 14 to IS 14 

N Sem i 
2o 
T to 115 16211 14 
19’% 
N Semi 
25 a to 
I 19’ » 
Nor! s 
19’ I 
T 14 b b lT to 
N o rt S 
. 
JO to 7 
14 l l 14 17to 
Non S 
.. 24*1 
T-14 b b IT H 
Penney .. 
4o 
2” . 
Jto 
4’4 4oto 
Penney 
... 45 
7 14 
1to 
Ito 
® to 
Penney 
M to 
7 (4 b 
® to 
Phil P 
. 
55 a 
4to a SB 
P h il P 
6o l l 16 21 
14 
3 ’4 SI 
Res OG is 
Jto 
*to 
4to i i ’ * 
ROS OG 
IO 13 14 19 16 I I 14 l l ’ » 
Searle 
IO 
2to 29 16213 14 
I I * * 
Searie 
15 to 
5 16 to 
12*% 
Simp P 
IO 
3to 
J'% 
3'% 13»% 
Sim p P 
IS to 13 14 l l 14 
13to 
Sterlg 
15 13 16 15 16 lto ll * * 
S tertg 
IO 
I 16 
3 14 
• to to 
Tennco 
3o 
3to 
J” ? 
4’* 32*4 
Tennco 
35 
7 14 13 16 to 14 32*. 
Tennco 
. .4 o a to b 32*. 
Tiger 
1o111 16 
2 25 14 toto 
Tiger 
........ 15 to to 
I 14 toto 
Zenith 
2$ IV 14 
2 
Ito 
25’* 
Z e n ith 
3o 
3 14 
9 14 13 14 25’% 
Total volum e M .SM 
Open interest 1.o42.114 a Not traded b N o option offered 
W ool 

NEW YO R K (A P ) - w ool tu to r# * were tnacfive on the New Y ork Cotton E x ­ change 

P h i l a d e l p h i a 
O p t i o n 
* 

Option 
A b bt L M ayes 
A b b t L M a y SO 
Abb I L Aug 45 
Abbt L A u g® 
Abbt I Nev45........ 
Abbt L N ov® 
A ltd C A p r® 
A d d C A p r 45 
Add C A p r® 
Add C Ju t® 
Add C ju te s 
Add C O des 
A lw C O ct® 
. . . . 
AllisC A p r® 
AllisC A p r25 
A llis C A p r® 
AllisC Jul2o 
AllisC Jut25 
AllisC Jul® 
AllisC O ct® 
A llisC Oct2S 
A llisC O ctJO 
A Hess M a y ® 
A Hess M a y 25 
A Hess M a y ® 
A HessM aySS 
A Hess A ug® 
A Hess Aug25 
A Hess A ug® 
A Hess Aug35 
. 
A Hess NOV® 
A Hess N ov35 
Ash) O A p r® 
Ash! O A p r 35 
Ash! O Jut3$ 
Asti I O O d 35 
Ash I O O ct® 
Bois C M a y ® ........ 
Bois C M a y® 
Bots C A u g ® 
Bois C NovlS 
B ra n d A p r IO 
Bf a n d 
A p r IS 
Brand Jul IO 
B ra n d J u l to 
B rand O d IO 
B rand Oct IS 
... 
Cly In Apr IO 
C ly In A p r i l 
Cly in Juno 
C ly in Jut to 
.. 
Cly In Oct IO 
Cly In Oct to 
U o ro . 
Apr IO 
. d o r ox 
A p r i l 
Clof ox Juno 
... d o r ox Jut IS 
... 
C lorox Q cttO 
C w o n O c tto ........ 
Comsat Apr 2$ 
Comsat Apr X 
Comsat A p r il com sat J u t® 
Comsat J u l® 
Comsat J u t® 
Comsat O d ic 
Comsat O d 15 
Cont o A p r® 
Cont O A p r® 
Cont o JU! 3$ 
Cont O JU 14o 
Cont O O d ® 
Cont O D e l® 
Oressr Opr 35 
Dr es sr A p r® 
D re ssr A pr 45 t» PSST Jul® 
Oressr Jutes 
Oressr O d ® 
B uk Pw Apr IO u k P w Apr2S 
Ouk Pw Jut2o 
Doh Pw O d ® 
Doh Fw O d ® 
Eas Gs A p r® 
Eas G i Apr JO 
E as Gs J u ilS 
Eas Gs J u l® 
Eas Gs O d ® 
E m Gs O d ® 
Engl M A p r® 
Engl M 
A p r il 
Engl M Jut® 
Er g! M O d ® 
F irstn M a y ® 
F irs tn M ay25 
F irstn A ug® 
F irstn A u g25 
F irstn NPV® 
F irstn N o v® 
G A F Apr IO 
G A F 
A p r to 
G A F JultO 
G A F 
Jul to 
S 
A F OC n o 
A F O c tto 
Goo Pac A p r® 
G eoPac A p r 4o 
Goo Pac Apr i d . 
GeoPac A p r® ’ . 
GeoPac Jut® 
GeoPac Jut® 
GeoPac Jut M to 
G eoPac Jut 39’ . 
GeoPac O d ® 
GeoPac O d 35 
GeoPac O d ® 
GeoPac O '' M to 
GeoPac O d 39 . 

Sales Open 
Net N.V. 
(1oos) in t H ignLo w Last Chg C lu e 
44 
331 lto 
1 to l7 l4 — 5 14 
44’ t 
5 
4233 163 143 1 4 -1 )6 
44'« 
» 
134 
2'% 2 
V t*— to 
M i to to to .......... 
• lto Jto 
J t o - to 
I ito ito ito — i 
57165o2 5 
$’%— to 
77417 1411 141'%— 7 14 
17 
312 

 r.°o 

 v* 
BM _ , lto 
2to + 
I * , it o — lto 
1'% - 
6to 
7 
. 
.to 
2 to + 
'. J 16 
Tto 
T H * 

'to + I 14 to 

M 
J 
3 
48 
179 
4 
9 
® 
16 
2 
81 
47 
JI 
754 19)8 
334 2o)47 14 
4 
56 
Tto 
ISI 1389 
* 
I® 
266 
$ 
9 
•3 
332 
I M f H 
4 
_ 
. 
6 
IoS W to )oto lO to - 
149 
SIT 
7 
Sto 
4’> — 
474 1616 
3to lto 
2%% 
1o84 4524 
I 
$ 1611 16— 
2 
32 l l l l l l 
— Ito 
4) 
M f 
Tto 4 
Tto— to 
563 l® 4 
4to 
Tto 
Jto— 
SM 2393 
1>%)$ 16 V%— 
5® 
434 
Sto 
3’% 
4’* 
2M 
18427 IE lto 
2 
- 
5 
131 
4 
4 
4 
+ to 
41 
941 
’ *5 165 1 6 - to 
I® 
W219 14 lto l t o - 
'% 
121 
294 
2 '* 19 14 I to - 5 14 

 to 
J *. ito 
3 '* iv* 
Tto 
2to 

3 to 
Tto 
3*. lto 

J'/ to 
Tto 
3 

) to + 
7to+ 
3to + 

 to to i i 

 to to to ito 

Aw is 14+ to ito ito to to 

 to to ito to 

IS 
39 to 
S 
4® 
7 
22 27® 
Tto 
I 
912 
Jto 
• 
J® 
Tto 
$2o 69537 14 

 to 
7 
2'% i n 
Tto 

7 i m — jt o — i v - 
14— 

14 

9 4579) 141 161 14 
M3 5973 to t o ll 14- 3 14 
77 23443 14 to t o - 1 14 
® 5 ® 4 | lto to I 
— I 14 
T9 
ISO to J 16 to + to 
23 
J I T 
3to Jto 
! ” »+ to 
144 33545 161 141 16- 3 14 
M 
4® 4 
J*. 3to+ to 
3® 45® to to to— I 14 
2 
46 4’ * 
4<% 4<%+ to 
M I 1477 
I t o ll 14-1 16 
I® 
576 
I ’ l l ) 16 lt o - 3 14 
193 55761 141 141 14 
4 
*13 I * . 
Ito 16%—J )4 
IS 34453 16 to 
'% 
41 
19$ l t o l l l 141to— I 14 
• • ’oz is to to to - to 
4 
TO IO 
IO 
1 o + 1 
ISI 1o74 
S'% 4to 
2® 141919 14 I 
2 
58 9to 9to 

IO 
+ 
4 to - ito + 
9*m 
5’ * + i t o - 
4 to * 
J to f 

SSO 
Sto 
4*. 
243 11S4 Ito lto 
SC 
4/ 
4*1 
Sto 
IM 
3»4 
Jto I to 
399 1*941) 16 to 
6%—v 14 
IT 2178 '%1 141 
1 4 -1 14 
•9 
432 
2 
I to 1 '*—$ 14 
24 15o17 14 
’ .5 1 4 -3 14 
94 
145 
Tto lto J” . — to 
37 
244 to9 149 1 4 - to 
14 
27 Jto 
Jto J t o - 
'% 
14 
14915 
14 to t o - to 
38 
3763 16) 141 16 
I 14 
4o 
15o 7 lto lto 
I 14 f 
TAS to to to— to 
7 
15 Tto 
Jto 26% to 
5 
2o I '* I'% 
1to+ to 
J 
1921 16) 161 14 to 
43 ito iv . ito + •% 
5 
IO lto 16* 
16% f to 
IO 
25 to to '* ♦ I 14 
3® 
M i ito I i t o - to 
27 
4211 14) 141 1 4 -1 14 
15 
11425 U U ) 142 
- t o 
4 
411 to to to 
4 
2/ Ito 2 'I 
I t o - to 
27 
1o716 14 
*4 to 
3 14 
$ 
I 4>4 4 to 
4to+ to 
53 
I M I ) 14 t o ll 14 -1 14 
17 
157 I * , lto 16% to 
16 
1431 14 lto 
2 
— to 
1o3 
149 I '* lto 
T 'to - to 
45 
BIS to ! 141 1 4 - I 14 
J 
- to to — i i i 
* 
- to to 
I 

21 
SO 2’% lto 
M 
5975 14 
'4 
14 rn 2 lto 
6 i m to to 
J 
74 J 
2 
1S4 2171 l l 141 14 I 14 
JI 
243 tto 
2'«2S 14 + 114 
2 9 2 o 7 1 )1 4 3 1 6 3 1 4 
19 m 26% 
Jto Jto 
§4 
MI to } 145 1 4 -1 14 
1o9 
Tm to ) 141 1 4 - to 
12 
D I 141 141 16 
15 
® 4 to to to - to 
4 
537 to! 14 t o t to 
176 
1)4 IM to t 
- to 
U 
I to to to - I to 
25 
171 
1*% 
' * t*% 
I , 
IT 
3495 14J I6J I* - to 
5 
3*4 
3*4 J * 4 t I 
14 
$419 161) I6 tto 
$ 14 
15 
7 to to t o - to 
S 
W 
I 
1*4 
1*4 
514 
IO 
TO to i/» 
L r - to 

44' • 
4 4'. 
44’ • 
45 • 
45 . 
45'* 
45 . 
45'* 
45'• 
45’% 

77'3 
2 7 'v 
27'% 
2 7 's 
JTto 
27'; 
IT ': 
27” -, 
J IH 
J I*. 
J I * 
J IH 
31*» 
J I * 
31»i 
31*i 
3 1 * 
3 l*i 
3 3* 
3 3 * 
3 1* 
3 3* 
3 3 * 
32 
32 
32 
12 
9 * . 
9*4 
9*4 
9*4 
9*. 
9+4 
13 + 4 
13 + 4 
13 + 4 
13*4 
13+4 
13*4 l l l l l l l l l l l l 
1 4 * 
3 4 * 
3 4* 
3 4 * 
1 4 * 
1 4 * 
1 4 * 
3 4 * 
34 
34 
34 
34 
34 
34 
3o*4 to** 
IO *. t o * 

 t o * 
2o’ t 
2o to t o * 
» ’ • to 't toto 
24 . 
24 to 
24’ » 
M to 
2 4 '. 
J4H 
|4 '« 
34’ . 
34'. 
2 1 * 
I I * 
J I * l l * 
I I * 
J I * l l * l l * 
IIM 
I I H 
I IH 
I I H 
J I* . 
J I * 
J I*. l l * . 
3 1 * 
J I*. 
J I * i i * 
J I * 
J I * 
J I * i i * s i * 

How Jn Apr IO 
How Jn A p r® 
How Jn 
Jut IO 
How Jn Jut IS 
H ow J n O ctlO 
H ow Jn O d IS .. 
Inexco M ay 15 
Inexco 
M a y ® inexco May25 
•nexco Aug 15 
Inexco A u g ® 
Inexco Aug25 
Inexco Nov 15 
Inexco N ov® 
Inexco N ov25 
Joy M a y® 
Joy Mayes 
Joy M a y® 
Joy A u g ® 
Joy Aug4S 
M y NOV45 
La Lnd M a y® 
La Lnd MayJO 
La Lnd A ug® 
L a Lnd Aug3o 
La Lnd NOV® 
La Lnd N o v® 
M anot 
M ay IO 
M anor M a y ® 
M ar tot 
Aug IO 
M e n o ! A ug IS 
M a rto t N ov IO 
M ar<ot Nov IS 
M f Der Mayes 
Mc Oer Ma y 5o 
Mf. Der Aug4$ 
Mc Der A u g ® 
AAC Der Nov 45 
Mc Der Nov5o 
NL Ind M a y® 
NL Ina 
M#y25 
NL in d A u gIS 
NL Ind Nov 25 
P P G MaySO 
P F G MeySS 
P P G A ug® 
P P G Aug SS 
P P G Aug® 
P P G NOV 55 
Pttstn M a y ® 
P ttsln M a y35 
P fts tn M a y ® 
P tts tn M a y )* * . 
Pftstn May 39’ . 
Pttstn A ug® 
Pttstn Aug3$ 
P tts tn Auo4o 
Pttstn Aug)4 i. 
Pttstn A u g ® '. 
Pttstn N ov® 
Pftstn NOVIS 
Pttstn NOV® 
Scot P to r 15 
Scot P A p r VO 
K « t P Jul® 
Scot P Jul® 
Scot P O d ® 
Scot P O d TO 
Sun Co Ma y*o 
Sun Co Mayes 
Sun Co MaySO 
Sun Co A u g ® 
Sun Co A ug 4$ 
Sun Co A u g® 
So" Co NOV 45 
Sun Co Nov5o 
T e id y n A p r# ! 
Tetdyn Apr53+» 
Tetdyn Apr S i1. 
Tetdyn Apr 7 7 * 
Teidyn Ju’ 35 
Teidyn Jut® 
Th dial 
Ju l® 
Teidyn Jut® 
Tetdyn J u ® j’ s 
Teidyn Jut f t ' . 
Teidyn O d SS 
Teidyn O d ® 
Teidyn O d ® 
T e id yn Oct7o 
Teidyn Oct51*« 
Teidyn O d 58'4 
Tm sam May IO 
T rnsam M ay 15 
T m sam Aug IO 
Trnsam Aug® 
J Tm sam NOV IO 
Trnsam 
NOV® 
Un Pac May SO 
Un Pac Aug5o 
Un Pac AugSS 
Un Pac Nov SD 
Un Pac NOV 55 
Va E P A p r IS va E P ju n o 
Va E P J u t® 
Va E P O d ® 
W it Un Apr ® 
Wst Uh 
Apr 2o 
Wst Un Jul IS 
Wst Un JuUO 
WSI Un O d ® 
Wst Un O d 2 o 
W iw rth MayJO 
WI w r ft, M a y 25 
W twrth Aug® 
W iw rth A ug25 
W iw rth N ov® 
W twrth NovJS 
Total v o lu m e 

49 2313 
* to 
'%+1 14 
26 38971 141 161 14 
129 1876 
I'.1 3 14 I 
+ to 
116 27433 16 to *%+118 
354 1444 
I H I ) 14® Ta + to 
59 
891 to ) 143 1 4 . .. 
IM 
5® 
6to 
4 * 5 * 
* 
1449 437277 14 I H I ® 14—7 14 
827 1®2 
HS 14 t* 
52 
4W 
4 * 
5 '* 

IO '. 

» to to 

S h 

- - 
. . . 
. . . 
•'% + to ® * 
IO® 3339 
J H 2'4 
3’%— to » * 
IO® 2142 
1*% H 
1'% - i . ® h 
43 
737 7 
4 
4'-j— to 
» H 
414 
1o75 J H JH 
J'%— 
* 
W H to s t 143o115 t415 1419 14— 5 14 2 o * 
7 
4 I * J® 
Jto 
J 
44<« 
8o 
19315 16 1 
I ' . 
4 4 '. a 
39 to to to— to 
6 
41 
5 * S'4 
S to - 1*% 
37 
IM 
2to )1 J 162 
- t o 
14 l l 3 
2” » 
3 
+ to 
39 
471 4'% Jto 
J t o - to 
457 4213 
H T 169 14— to 
89 
349 4H J H 
4 
- I 
341 249617 1611 1411 14— to 
• 
28 5 H * * 
46%- 
*4 
91 
M l 
IH I? 14 1'%— i% 
ID 
487 
I '. ® I* I * O I * 
125 3o33 
•% I 14 to + 1 14 
I® 11o3 
I S ® 14 1 H O 14 
183 24195 16 
'. 5 14 
149 
545115 1619 16! H O 14 
111 
2987 165 167 16 
179 
794 6 
4*% 
S H * I 
5 ® 19137® 161' >27 14* * 
7' 
3 to 
I 
Sto 
J * 

334 
MO 
’ ! 
12 
27 
1o7 
5 
I J O 
_ l l 
4557 14 
2$ 
4 7 I1 J 1 * 
', * 1 * 
SI 
I® 
I H I ) I* I 
3 
32 
4 H 
S S 
I S 
Tto 
R 

® '« 
4 4 '. 
44 to 
4 4 '. 
2 7 * 
2 7 * 
27*. 
27+4 
2 7 * 
27+4 
TBS 
1o+* 
'o*» 
1o*% io n io n 
W 4 
SO <4 
5o'4 

I® 
IS 
54 l l 
14 
I® 
24o 27o713 14 
. l l 
3o75 141 161 14 
77 117219 1411 141 to 
26 1619 to 
'% 
'% l l 
IS SH 4 *. 
4 * - 
121 
957 
7 * 
Ito I V 
44 
5319 (67 147 16 
4 
413 2 
2 
2 
~ 
I i 
H 
I 
I I* to 
IO 
12 SH SH 
S H . 
139 
MS 2H J 
2to 
M 
42 I ’% IJ 16 to 
I 
28 4 *. 4 *. 
4 * f 
IO 19117 US 147 I * . 
4) 
I® 
I 
64 
ITy 
* e l 

I® 
994 
IS 
I 4' 
374 

178 

I ' . 
H 
5 lto 
Sto 
IS 

4 * s 
4H 
H 
Jto 
S 

4*4 + 
S 

I to­ t s 

I 14 

 to 
I 14 lto 

•to 
4+ 
. 
52829 14 1 *2 5 14 
3 16 
49 
*2! to 
S I I 1 4 - to 
28 
4o 3 * 
J H T V - to 
IS 
67 1H 
H I V - 3 I* 
41 74323 14 to ) 14 
IJS 
®4 7 
S'% 7 
......... 
251 35)7 
31® 14 
2*. 
231 Zo69 
'%1 14 to i i ai t h v t ..... i f u 4>% a s ............ 
72 3947 
Tto® ® I S ........ 
53 
J 
27 
7® 
79 1954 
27 
24 
21 
12 
21o IMS 

Ito 
4'% 

I ’ * 
• H 
V . 
I S 
Sto 
----- I 4* 
V T 
5$ 
417® 161*421 14 
73 
175 IO 
4to IO a 
771 a s a 
JO 
4® 
4 
Jto 
5751115o5 163 14 
34 
314 
4>. 
JH 
393 SBM 

& 
Mto 
3 4 * 
J* . 
34 . 
M to 
Ie to 
M to 
34 . 
M • 
14 to s h 
M'% 
Ifto 
1 9 't 
IB* i 
TBto 
IB' ? 
IB' i 
® S 
® to 
® H 
® H 
44H 
® H 
® H 
® H 
•B S 
SBS 
SB* 
SB * 
5B + 4 
SBH 
SB*. 
SB* 

1 *4 
SHI 
2S 

6H i v 

4to 

1 a t 
♦5 
74 
2 
4 
I 
I +4 ♦ 

4 to e s 
4to 
® i 
V i n a 
* ♦ i® 
2*. lto Jto* 
14 
S'% 
J * 3 
* 
3417 1417 1417 14 
$ 
) V ) S J H ' 
I 
T * T * 
249 44743 14! 14 
I 
J 4*to 4’ j 
4'% + 
22 4/4o 
S i 144 1 4 . , 
1o7 
IM * 
* 
**. I 
J 
1o2 )S JS 
M b - to 
IM 4252 to t 14 
V - l I* 
4 
47 3S I S J t o - 
4b 
234 2714 to ! 144 1 6 -1 i i 
I 
® JH J* J H ........ 
17o 
792 
S 7 147 1 4 -1 U 
5J 
4IB 6 H S 
5 - 
I V 
72$ J94977 14 * . 
H 
U l f 
17 
43 I 
S S 
2® 
1354 J'% I V 
^ „ 
I 
4 SS SS Mb- 
7o/ 
226 
JH 
IS I® Ic 
29 e l l 
O pen in te rp q / 
4* 3,3 

- I to 

% 
_ 
SS— 3 
I S — S 

P J L 

Continued from Page IB la r. 
T hen we w ent between the ruins of two houses and then in front of two houses. 
F a rth e r down, atop a low ridge, jagged pieces of walls looked like two rough pyramids silhouet­ ted against the sky. 
T h ere are few ruins scattered across the big pasture. But Smith next drove us back to the bluff. T here are four ruins at its base. 
Two seem to have been small homes. Around the point of the bluff were the ruins of a larger house and an outbuilding. 
Smith thinks the larger house m ay have been that of a landowner with the smaller houses for the families who worked for him. 
“ Here’s an interesting thing,” Smith said as he led us up to a big rock partly up the bluff. “ I think this m ight have 

CARMEN PERRY 
. . . wrote book 

 been where this family hid when there was fear of an Indian raid.” 
Back of the big boulder was a little rock s tru c ­ ture built so it was hard to see until you were right on top of it. 

Romantic 
There’s something ro­ mantic about a ghost town. But there also is something sad. 
You think of the chil­ dren at play — the family gathered around the din­ ner tab le — m o th e r teachin g her d a u g h te r how’ to spin or sew or cook. 
But m ost of all, you think of fathers and m o th ers — and th e ir hopes and d re a m s for themselves and for their children. 
There was som ething p a rtic u la rly sad about the broken dream s of San 
Jose de Palafox. 
One of the documents 
Carmen translated was a census of Palafox made on June 6. 1815. It showed 
238 people. Of these, 125 were boys and g irls — from babies to 16 years old. 
What did life eventual ' ly hold for those boys and girls counted in Palafox on th at long ago J u n e day? 
In the quiet of the big archives room of the St. 
Mary’s library. Carmen told us the d ra m a tic story of the finding of the 
Palafox documents. His­ torians had given up the hope of finding them, As 
C arm en w rote in her book: 
“Obviously any hope of discovering the lost ar- 

You can't buy better than 

Indians robbed and k illed 

San Jose de Palafox apparently was subject to 
Indian raids almost from its founding. 

Among the documents translated by Carmen 
Perry was one dated April 1813. It spoke of the 
Indians — “ not only theft and pillage which they commit but also the deaths.” 

Even the viceroy in Mexico City in 1814 knew of* the troubles. He asked for “a detailed list naming ail the individuals residing in the'Villa from the age of 16 to 5o years who in an emergency can bear arms.” 

That year hope arose, Carmen reports in her book, when Gov. Cordero wrote peace was about to be concluded with the Lipans and the com­ manding general was to start a campaign against 

 the Comanche Nation. 

It was believed to be 1818 when the Comanches struck their fiercest blow —and many families started leaving Palafox. 

Some fam ilies wanted to move hack in 1824. 
They were told they must have arms and am ­ munition to defend themselves from hostile In­ dians. 

Apparently as late as 1826. there was an official order to station 6o soldiers at San Jose de Pala­ fox. But it seemed they could not be properly equipped. 

And San Jose de Palafox died. 

 pages of the Spanish do- 
S m ith drove Bonnie country. For a P** "J cuments on Laredo. That and me for many miles trip we were joined y she did. a cro ss th is w onderful the Smiths s o n ^ a j^ ----- 

 ch iv es of Palafox had become the ‘the impossi­ ble dream ’ of Texas his­ torians.” 
For five years. Carmen was St. Mary’s archivist. 
Amid the lib r a r y ’s a r ­ chives was a large col­ lection on Laredo’s early days. 
These docum ents had been collected and saved from destruction by a li­ 

 felong historian, Seb S. 
W ilcox, long official court reporter at Laredo. 
The collection was pre­ sented to St. M ary’s in 
196o. 
‘‘F a th e r 
H abig, a 
Franciscan priest from 
Chicago, has been com ­ ing to San Antonio for re se a rc h o ver m any y e a r s ,” C arm en said. 
“ He knew of the fruitless 

 search for Palafox docu­ ments. He was here in St. 
M ary’s archive section that day working with the Laredo Archives. 
“ Suddenly I beard him cry out. He was so excit­ ed he had trouble talking. 
He kept punching down at the table beside a do­ cu m en t he held in the other hand — saying — 
‘Palafox!’ — ‘Palafox!’ 

“The miracle had hap­ pened — ‘the impossible dream ’ became a reality. 
After a century und half, here was a Spanish do­ cument on Palafox. 
Big task 
That opened the gate. 
Carmen then set to work and what a task faced her. 
She had to go through more than 13,ooo 

Scattered among those thousands of pages were about 45 docum ents on dealing with San Jose de 
Palafox. From these — with help from visits to the site by Tim Tobin and photographer Courtenay 
Wyehe Beinhorn — came 
C arm en ’s book. It was published by the St. 
Mary’s University Press in 1971. 

Though San Jo se de 
Palafox is dead — life goes on beside the Rio 
Grande. Few places are more beautiful than this part of the Rio G rande country in spring’s first stirrings. 

The little w in n o w e rs are just starting to break through in blankets of yellow or purple. And the dark of the brush is dot­ ted by the tall, cream y white blossom s of the 
Spanish dagger. 

HELP SUPPORT 
THE MAVOR 

"A Fiesta For 
Lila Cockrell" 

Wednesday, March 16th 
5:oo p.m. 
La Villita Assembly Hall 
$5.oo Donation call 828-5537 
For Reservations 

Political Advertising Paid tor by Mayor Lila Cockrell 
Re-election Campaign. Sid Cockrell, Campaign Treasurer. 
3o1o Charter Crest, San Antonio, Texas 7823o 
1/2 Price 
Bookcase 
Bargain! 
...cover T}i St. of wall space! 
• ••or buy singly at half price! 

Paul Broyhill called Herb and Lucille Fisher a few weeks ago and said, "I've got 32o beautiful glass shelf, lighted bookcases in the warehouse that we've got to move to make room for new merchandise. Can you take them all at half price?” 
Naturally the Fisher's said, 
"Sure, send them right rn . . . and thanks!” So three solid carloads arrived this week and we're offering them to you at half price while they last. Come and get 'em! 

EXACTLY AS ILLUSTRATED 

W n d lF M d 
For grass lawns only. Designed to promote a lush green lawn and control many troublesome broad­ leaf weeds including: dandelions, morning glory 
(bind weed) and more Fertilizes and encourages spread of healthy grass to bald spots for an even, iuxunent lawn 1 bag treats 21oo aq ft. 
35 lb. beg 
Doh, Boh, Bod Bug 

Tomato 5 Vegetable Dust 
Contains Sevm- Malathion -Maneb for the control of insects and diseases which attack tomatoes and v e g e ta te Useful against aphids, mites, beetles, borers and a wide range of others Use as directed 
Easy application protective cap on container. 
1o oz duster 
Rower Power 

Rhododendron, Azalea A Camellia Food 
Especially formulated for rhododendrons, camel­ lias, azaleas ard ait acid loving plants Promotes large, wek-formed blooms through proper plant nu­ trition Also tor use with gardenias, hydrangeas and other shade plants Improved formula Con­ tains rut roger i. phosphate and potash 
5 lb. box - 2o lb. bog 

Featured at leading garden centers 

Best Products Division 
Occidental Chemical Company 
P.O. Box 1186/Houston, Tx. 77oo1 

JTN KB 
I 

— *• 

You can get a lot of space for a little investment! 
A magnificent way to fill up a wall with these beautiful bookcase units . . . a complete storage and display area. Each unit features attractive honey pine finish and contrasting white melamine laminate, has lights, glass shelves, and measures 
3 o ” wide by 15” deep and stands 7 6 ” high. 

USE OUR, 
REVOLVING 
CHARGE 

FREE DELIVERY 
IN SAN ANTONIO 

Phone 824-o575 
>pen uaiiy iu-o I burs. 
(Closed Sundays! 

A. Drop-lid desk unit with two-door storage and adjustable glass shelt. 
9 
V A 
Reg. $22o . . . Mi off ........... 
I I l l # 

B. Two-door storage unit with four shelves 
(includes two glass shelves, one adjustable.) 
I ti l l A 
Reg. $2oo . . . Vt o f f 
I VV e 

3-piece set, as illustrated 
$ * a 
A S O 
Reg $599 . . . VS O f f ................... 
* 7 
1 

^ f t i c 

 of nan antonio 
145o N E- LooP 41o 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March I 2 I 977 
Mystery o town was solved 

Splendor in the gross!! 

San Antonio 
®ean 
^ 
E x p r e s s 
P a g e 8 C k T 
M L 
.■ . W -H - 

D an C o o k , 
P ag e 2 C 

Page 
I -C 
H 
March I 2 I 977 
SOC smothers 
Burbank hopes 

J O H N B E G Z O S o f Spurs, center, p re se n ts se a so n tick­ e t s to Leonard, left, an d M e y e r, right 

PHOTO BY JOE BARRERA, JR. 
Coaches honored by peers 

Bv H A R RY PA G E 
Of t m e x p re s s n f w s s t m t 
Earl Meyer of Burbank and James Leonard of Clemens were 
' chosen by their fellow peers as the San Antonio Spurs/Ex- press-News’ 197H-77 basketball Coaches of the Year. 

John Begzos, general manager of the Spurs presented the pair with season tickets for tin' 1977-78 campaign for the dual honor. 
Meyer gained nine of a possible 4o votes to nose out Armando Balderra- ma of Kennedy-by two votes for the boys' coach's honor. 
Leonard was an overwhelming choice for the girls* mentor’s laurels. The 
47-year old Johnson City native polled 24 out of 27 votes. DeAnna Richard­ son of Ja y was runnerup with six votes. 
Other choices 

In the boys' coach balloting. Don Perkins of Judson received five votes, and Jim m y Towers of Memorial four. Newton Grimes of Lee had 34 votes. 
Ron Lloyd of Wheatley three, and Je rry Tyson of Roosevelt and Stun 
Bonewitz of St. Gerard’s, the top vote-getter of the smaller schools, each had two. Charles “ Ike” Harris of Healy-Murphy had 14 votes, and Jim 
Keener of Alamo Heights, Charlie Boucher of Edison.jmd last year's honoree. Tom Anderson of Lanier, each had one. Dan Higgins of St. 
Anthony gained a half vote. 
Eave Best of Houston and Charlene Love of Burbank each had two votes in the one-sided voting for the girls’ coach. Carolyn Taylor of Edgewood, 
Judy Barker of Lee. and Mike Tavitas of Blessed Sacrament each had one. 
Jack Autry of Holmes, along with Anderson, were the Spurs/Express- 
News’ honorees last season. John Kemmcrzehl of Highlands (boys) and 
Patti Kau of Judson (girls) were chosen during the 1974-75 campaign. 
Sadly mistaken 

“ lf you think one man — a coach or player — can win hall games, you're sadly mistaken.” said Meyer. 
“ It is a team effort. My assistants John 
Campbell and George DeLeon have played an important role in our success. Even though Gilbert (Salinas) has gotten the headlines, all the players on our team has contributed to our winning ways. Indeed. I'm grateful at being selected by my peers. The one thing I want everybody to remember is Rial this isn’t a one-man show .” 
The 33-year old St. Mary 's graduate has coached at Burbank for seven years. Meyer, who is married and one child, coached a year each ut Page and R h o d e s junior highs. 
“ I feel real honored,” said Leonard. "The key to our success is a real fine group of young ladies — they have tried to do tin* best they can at what I ve asktsi them to do. Our assistant coach, Lynn Dodge, had a lot to do with it 
— she played a big part in our season. I really don’t believe I could have done ti without her or my wife. Yvonne, who backed me all the way. We’ve tried to instill pride in our young ladies at Clemens arid it has rubbed off.” 
I/Collard coached three years at Banquette and six years at Johnson City before coming to Clemens six years ago. The Southwest Texas Slate graduate, who has three children, was an all-state Class Basketball player for Johnson City in 1947. 

By JOHN H IN ES 
O f THE EXPRESS N EW S STAFF 

AUSTIN — The Dallas jinx continued to haunt San Antonio teams at the Class AAAA state basketball tournament Friday night as South Oak Cliff elimin­ ated Burbank, HB-54. 

South Oak Cliff (34-8) will have a rematch with Fort Worth Dunbar 
(39-1) for the AAAA state champion­ ship game at 2:o5 p.m. 
Saturday. 
Dunbar downed 
Houston Westchester. 
74-88, in the first se­ mifinal Friday. 
South Cliff handed 
Dunbar its only loss, 
8o-78. 
The Class B portion of the tournament will also be held Saturday, with Leggett meeting 
Avinger at 8:3o a.rn. ll) a.rn. 

 rn* r 

HINES 

 tm 
I 

 and Krum hauling Hedley at 
Finals are set for 8 p.m. 
South Oak Cliff broke the game open by scoring the first eight points of the fourth quarter, all in a span of 1:37. to take a commanding 49-39 lead w ith 5:59 left in the contest. 
Burbank was never able to get closer than eight points thereafter. 
Bulldog coach Earl Meyer empha­ sized. “ There is where we lost t he* game. They forced us to do what they do best the last few minutes, press and run. 
“ Those four straight turnovers we made in that quick span of theirs was what killed us. When you get up here, it’s a matter of mistakes. You can’t make them against the good clubs and that little span was the turning point. 
"Mentally we lest our concentration 
Tin what we were doing. For us to win we’ve got to think all the time. 
“ The whole key to'beating* these guys is that you can’t give them the layups. They hit some long shots that kept them in the game, hut actually it 

See BU RBA N K, Page ll 

Fight furor 

By M IK E BRUTON 

O f th e e x p r e s s n r w s 
ABC Sports and King Productions have been “ overruled” by the Texas Boxing 
Commission. 

Just when promoter Don King and ABC Sports executive director Boone Arledge. along with Ring 
Magazine, decided to bring a semifinal of King’s traveling boxing extravaganza to San Antonio on 
April 7, a huge barricade appeared. 
This same group is responsible for bringing a 
'quarterfinal show to Randolph Air Force Base on 
March 27. The quarterfinal show. which features six 

Ayala wins 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS N FW S 
FO RT 
W ORTH 
- 
Sammy Ayala removed an­ other obstacle in his path to a showdown with national champ Ronnie Shields F ri­ day night, winning a unanimous decision over 
Fort Worth’s Robert Chapa in a state Golden Gloves quarterfinal bout. 

Albert Favella joined Ayala as 

 the lone survivors amongst the 
San Antonio contingent by scor­ ing a decision over E l Paso’s 

Coach Meyer says: 

“ I thought Gilbert needed to touch the boll more. W e didn’t get him the ball enough, especially against the zone...” 

GILBERT S A L IN A S g r a b s re b ou n d du rin g F rid ay ’s p la y o ff g a m e 
AP WIREPHOTO 

I 

«dOi. vB M S L r n 
DISCOUNT STEREO IS HAVING ANOTHER FANTASTIC 
I n 
SUNDAY SALE TOMORROW! BOTH STORES CLOSED TODAY — 

4 
OPEN SUNDAY WITH THESE I OTHER TERRIFIC BUYSI 

DISCOUNT STEREO IS HAVING ANOTHER FANTASTIC 
SUNDAY SALE TOMORROW! BOTH STORES CLOSED TODAY — 
OPEN SUNDAY WITH THESE I OTHER TERRIFIC BUYSI 

TELEVISION 

Saturday ll a.m. (I h. I) — Ara Parxeghian’s 

Sports World 
I p.m. (t h. I) — Grandstand. 
I p.m. ( l h. 9) — Aetna World t u p 

Tennis: U.S. vs. Australia. 
1:1o p m (l h. I) - NI AA Basket 

 ball: Cincinnati vs. Marquette. Ut L\ vs. Louisville. 
2:3o p.m. (Ch. 12) — Pro Bowlers 

Tour: $1oo,ooo AMU Pro Glassie from 
Garden I Tty. N. Y. 
3 p iii. ( l h 
.») — Doral-Fastern 

Open: Third Bound Action from Mia­ mi, Fla. 
I p m. it h 5) — I BS Sports Spec­ tacular: Motorcycle Jumpoff Competi­ tion from the Astrodome: TSAI Indy- 
Type Midget Car Championship in New 
Jersey. 

 t p i i i. (Cb. 12) • ABC’s Wide World 

 of Sports • Features include the World 
Professional 
Skiing Championships, 

 featuring llcnri Duvillard; the final race of the World Series of Auto Rac­ ing featuring the International Race of 
Champions; and Men’s and Women's 
World Spring Speedskating Cham ­ pionships. 
6 p m. (Cb. ii) — Wrestling. 
9 p.m. ( l h . ti) — Boxing from 

Mexico. 

Sunday 
11:45 a.iii (Ch ll) — Soccer. 
Noon (Ch () — Grandstand ri:3i p in (Ch I) - M AA Basket- 

 hall: Michigan vs. Holy Cross; Ten nesxee vs. Syracuse. 

12:3o p .iii (Ch. 5) — Sunday with the 

Spurs. 

12:43 p m. (Ch. 3) — SBA Basket­ 

 ball: Cleveland ( availers vs. Atlanta 
Hawks. 

I p.m. (Ch. 9) — Aetna World I up 

Tennis. 
1 p.i i i . (l h. 12) — The Superstars: 

Finals. 
2 p.m. (Ch. II) — Knockout: Boxiug 

Highlights. 

2:3o p.i i i. (Ch. 12) — The American 

Sportsman: Bruce Jenner on a night­ time alligator hunt in Louisiana: W il­ liam Conrad and Curt Gaudy trout fishing in Wyoming; Maud Adams ex­ ploring the ground designs in Peru which were uncovered in the movie 
“ Chariot of the Gods.” 

3 p.m. (Ch. 5) — Doral Castel li Open 

Golf: Final Round. 

3:3o p.m. (Ch 
12) - A BC ’s Wide 

World of Sports — Features include a preview of the upcoming heavyweight boxing match between the world's No. 
Franked contender, George Foreman, and No. 3-ranked Jim m y Young: World 
Professional Skiing Championships; 
World Championship Motorcycles on 
Ice; the American Cup Gymnastics 
Championship; and World Spring 
Speedskating Championships. 
4:3o p in. (Ch. 4) — Grandstand. 

RADIO 
Saturday 
12:IO p.m. (WOAI, 12oo) — Houston 

\stros vs. Montreal Cxpov 

Sunday 
12:15 p.i i i. (W O A I. 12oo) — San 

\ntonio Spurs vs Detroit Pistons. 

 lAelusive 

 bouts, was originally scheduled at Hit* Lackland 
Ampitheater hut was switched to Randolph’s Han­ gar 41. 
So, what happened when they tried to bring the semifinal to San Antonio? 
Dan Shed rick, vice president of King Productions said the TB< prohibited them from having the se­ mifinal unless their system of judging tin* bouts were made consistent with tin* Texas system. 
“ We do not have a 1o-point must system.” said 
Shed rick from his New York office. “ We judge on a round by round basis." 
The TBF rules say that all professional Im iv mg matches in Texas must he judged on the 1o-point system, hut all of the bouts in King's show to this point have been grudisl round by round. 
“ I think you have to lie pragmatic about this thing.” said Shed rick “ You must have uniform 

 iriKrion lo 

NBA 
Commis­ sioner 
Lawrence 
O 'Brien will make his first visit to San 
Antonio to speak to 
(he Spurs’ Tipoff 
Club April 5, Club 
President 
Frnest 
Fnderle announced 
Friday. 
The session with 
O'Brien will begin at 
7 p.iii. al 
Pearl 
Brewing Company’s jersey L illy , 
_________ J 

W AIT ’TIL 
SU N D AY 
FOR A SUPER 
DEAL O N THIS 
@ SAINI Y O 

C O M B IN A T IO N 8 TRK. and C ASSETTE 

Record/Play Deck-Record 8-track from 

Cassette, 
Cassette from 
8 track, or 

SIM U LTA N EO U SLY Record both 8-trk. 

 and Cassette from any Outside source 

(Turntable, Reel-to-Reel, Radio, etc.) A 

 fantastic new 
Breakthrough in 
Home 

 recording, priced at only^ 

M r / * . • • ii — 
. 

166 

TMF a f M A U D S P f A K f B S 

LARRY o BIHUN 
. . . coming to S.A. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March I 2 I 977 
Baseball calendar 

Exhibition Baseball 
A L L T IM E S E ST 
Friday 
Chicago (A) 7, Pittsburgh (N ) 
6. IO innings 
Houston IN ) 8, Montreal (N ) 5 
Toronto (A ) 3, New York ( N i l 
K a n sa s 
C ity 
(A ) 
2, 
Philadelphia (N ) I 
Detroit (A ) IO, Minnesota (A) 
I 
Texas (A ), split squad, 4. New 

York (A) 3 
Los Angeles (N I 6, Boston (A) 
5 
Texas (A ), spilt squad, 6, At tanto (N ) 3 
Seattle (A) 16, Oakland (A ) 7 
Cleveland (A ) IO, Son Fra n ­ cisco 8, IO innings 
Milwaukee (A) 6, Chicago <N)' 
3 
Calitornia (A ) 8. Son Diego 
<N) 2 
JOSKE EMES 

OUR BIGGEST 
STOREWIDE 
SPRING EVENT! 

TICKET BONUS! 

Saturday only! 

Joske's Downtown 
SA N ANTONIO 

Be here when the doors open 

 for Joske's Days at the Down­ 

 tow n store . . . Satu rd ay, 

M arch 12 at 1o:oo a.m. W ith 

 each pu rch ase of 5.oo or 

 more in any department, you 

 w ill receive a 5.oo ticket to 

 the San Antonio Spurs game 

 on Sunday, March 13 with the 

Detroit Pistons, at no extra 

 charge! W ith each purchase 

 of 1o.oo or more in any de­ 

 partm ent, you w ill receive 

 two 5.oo tickets to the game at 

 no extra charge. 

Lim it 2 tickets per person. 

• O n ly sales checks dated 
Satu rd ay, M arch 12 are valid to receive the tickets. 

• Bring your validated sales- check(s) to the 4th Floor 
T i c k e t S e r v i c e D e s k , 
Joske's Downtown. 

• Offer good while the sup­ ply of 5oo tickets lasts. 

• Offer good only to persons age 16 and over. 

Saturday 
Cincinnati (N ) vs. Pittsburgh 
(N ) at Bradenton, Fla., 1:3o p.In. 
Chicago (A ) vs. Philadelphia 
(NI at Clearwater, 
Fla., 
1:3o p.m. 
Houston IN) vs. Montreal (N ) 
,ot Daytona 
Beach, 
Fla., 
1:3o p rn. 
Baltimore (A) vs. New York 
(A ! at Fort Lauderdale, Flo., 
1:3o p.m. 
Boston (A) vs. Detroit (A) at 
Lakeland. Fla., 1:3o p m. 
Toronto (A) vs, Minnesota (A) at Orlando, Fla., 1:3o p m. 
Kansas City (A) vs. Texos (A) at Pompano Beoch. Fla., 1:3o pm. 
New York ( N ) vs. St. Louis 
(NI at St Petersburg, FIO., 1:3o p.rn 
Los Angeles IN ) vs 
Atlanta 
IN ) at West Palm Beach, Fla., 
1:3o p.m. 
San Francisco (N ) vs. Chicago 
IN ) at Scottsdale, Aru., 3 p m. 
Seattle (A) vs San Diego (N ) at Yuma, Ari*.. 3 p.m. 
Mexico City vs. Cleveland (A) at Tucson. Aru., 3 p.m. 
Milwaukee (A ) vs. California 
(A) at Palm Springs, Calif.. 4 pm. 
Sunday 
Montreal (N I vs. Philadelphia 
(N), split squad, at Clearwater, 
Fla , 1.3o p.m. 
Minnesota (A) vs. Houston (N I at Cocoa, FIO., 1:3o p.m. 
Detroit (A), split squad, vs. 
Toronto (A) at Dunedin. Fie , 
1:3o p m. 
Texas (A) vs. Kansas City (A) at Fort Myers. Fla., 1:3o p.m. 
Philadelphia (N ), split squad. vs. Detroit (A ), spilt squad, of 
Lakeland, Flo., 1:3o p.m. 
Boston (A) vs. Chicago (A) at 
Sarasota, Fin., 1:3o p m. 
St. Louis (N ) vs. New York 
(N I at St. Petersburg, Fla., 1:3o p.m. 
Pittsburgh IN ) vs. Cincinnati 
IN ) at Tampa. Flu., 1:3o p.m. 
Atlanta IN ) vs. Los Angeles 
IN) at Vero Beach, Fla., 1:3o p.m. 
New York (A ) vs. Baltimore 
(A), at Miami, 2 pm, 
Cleveland IA I vs Oakland (A) at Mesa. Aru., 3 p m. 
San Francisco IN ) vs. Chicago 
IN ) at Phoenix, 3 p.m. 
Seattle (A) vs. San Diego IN ) at Yuma, Aru. 3 p m. 
Milwaukee IA ) vs. California 
(A) at Palm Springs. Calif., 4 p.m. 
Texas roll* 
AUSTIN (AP) - Texas remained unbeaten in 
Southwest Conference baseball play Friday with a 14-1 victory over Texas 
Christian, highlighted by a seven-run seventh-in­ ning. 
Designated hitter Scott 
Soden collected three hits and four RBIs and third baseman Rocky Thomp­ son had three hits and three RBIs. It marked 
Thompson’s first game this year after being si­ delined with a broken hand. 
Texas is 17-o for the year and 7-o in league play. TCU is 11-6 and 5-2. 

TCU 
IOO OOO OOO— I 
6 2 
Texas 
13o o3o 7ox—14 17 o 
Owens, Young (7) ond Rosel- lint. 
K o in e r and 
K e a rn e y . 
M ueller ( 8 ). W - K o in e r, 6 o. 
L —Owens, 3 2. A —2.5oo 

H ogs ax Agt* 

C O LLEG E STATION 
(AP) — Buddy Bowman crushed Charles Em ley 
H-o, 6-1 in the No. I sin­ gles match Friday as 
Arkansas routed Texas 
AAM 8-1 in a Southwest 
Conference dual tennis match. 
A&M scored its only point when Mike Moss downed John Bailey 7-6. 
3-6. 6-4. 

Trinity netters host SMU 

The Trinity men’s tennis team (12-3) will challenge Southern Methodist 
(6-1) in a dual match Saturday beginning at 2 p.m. in the Trinity Tennis 
Stadium. SMU defeated TU, 6-3. in the finals of the Corpus Christi 
Tournament last month. 
Stock car season begins 

Pan American Speedway begins its 1977 Stock Car racing season 
Saturday with more than 5o drivers set to compete in four different events. 
Gates open at 6 p.m. and the races begin at 8 p.m. 

SA T U R D A Y 
Pro Tennis: World Championship Tennis, 
Lakew ay World of Tennis, ll a m. Two auorterfinol matches. 

College Tennis: Trinity men vs. SM U , 
Trinity Tennis Stadium, 2 p m. Southwest 
Texas men and women at Midland College. 
Midland, 9 a rn. San Antonio College men and women at Son Jacinto Tournament, 
Pasadena. 

College Baseball: Abilene Christian at 
Trinitv (2), 1:3o p.m. John Brown at Texes 
Lutheran (2), I p m. Northern Iowa at Pan 
American, Edinburg, 5 p.m. Morningside at 
Pon American, Edinburg, 7 a rn. bow ling: 189 and-Under Tournam ent, 
Southside Lanes, 3 p.m., 5 p.m., 7 p.m. 
Texas Tenpin Tournament. Highland Social 
Club. 12:15 p m. Alamo Tournament As­ sociation 
Tournament, Goliad Lanes, I p.m.. 3 p.m., 5 p m ,7 p.m. 
Rangers win 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
POMPANO BECH, Flu. — Texas third baseman Toby Harrah slammed two home runs, including a tie-breaking solo shot in the seventh inning, to lift the Rangers to' a 4-3 victory over the 
American League champion New York Yankees in the exhibition opener for both clubs here Friday. 

Both of Harrah’s homers cleared the 35o-foot sign in left field. 
New York took a 2-o lead in the fourth on a single by Willie Randolph. Roy 
White’s triple down the right field line and a groundnut by Chris Chambliss. 
But Texas erupted for three runs in the last of the fourth off the second 
Yankee pitcher, Dick Tidrow. Lenny Randle led off for the Rangers with a single to right and took second on Mike Hargrove’s infield chopper. John Ellis rifled a single between short and third for one run and. after Ken Henderson fanned, Harrah drove his first homer high over the screen in left for a 3-2 Texas lead. 
The Yankes tied it in the seventh, jumping on lefty Jim Umbarger for three successive singles by Dave Bergman. Jimmy Wynn and Fran Healy. 
The Rangers untied it in the same inning when Harrah clouted his second round-trippcr. The home run made a loser of New York’s Ron Guidry. Um­ barger got the win. 

E X H IB IT IO N B A S E B A L L 
Friday'* Llnescores 
At Vero Beach. Fla. 
Boston (A) 
1oo oo2 oo2 — 5 9 o 
Los 
Angelo* 
(N ) 
o1o 
2oo 
1o2— 6 12 2 
Wise, Burton (4), Willouhgby 
(7) and D iaz, M e rch a n t ( 6 ); 
Hooton, Rhoden *4 ), Soso (6 ), 
Lew allyn ( 8 ) and Yeager, W — 
L e w a llv n , 
L — W illo u g h b y. 
H R —Los Angeles, G arvey, Cev, 
Lacy, Smith, 

At Fort Myers, FIO. 
Philadelphia 
(N ) 
OOO 
o1o 
OOO 

o - 1 12 o 
Kansas City (A) 
OOO OOI 
OOO 
1— 2 8 I 
Christenson, Underwood (4), 
Reed (7 ), Sch u e le r (IO ) and 
Boone. Nahorodny (6 ); Splltlorll, 
Litten (4). Guro (7L Nelson (IO) and 
M a rtin e z , 
P o rte r 
(7 ). 
W —Nelson. L —Schueler. 

At West Palm Beach, Fla 
Texas (A) 
B 
IOO OOI OOI— 6 12 I 
Atlanta (N ) 
OH IOO ooo—3 
5 2 
Blvleven. Belles (4), Alexander 
(7) and Fohev, M ahlbcrg (7 ); 
N lekro. Copra (4 ), K line ( 6 ), 
G ra n g e r 
(9) add 
C o rre l!. 
W ~ B rite *. 
*L — C o p ra. 
HR -Atlanta, Correl!. 

At Pompano Beach. Fta. 
New York (A) OOO 2oo 1oo—3 7 o 
Texas 
(A ), spilt 
OOO 
3oo 
IOX—4 6 o 
Figueroa, Tidrow (4), Guidry 
(7) ond Hendricks, Healy (5 ); 
Perry, Boggs *4), Umbarger (7) and 
Sun db erg. 
W — U m b arge r. L — G uidry. 
H R —Texas, Harrah, 2. 

At Dunedin, FIO. 
New York (N) 
1oo ooo ooo-13 
Toronto (A) 
OOO o1o o2x—3 9 o 
Koosman,, Todd (4), Bernard 
(7) and Stearns, Hodges (7 ); 
Singer, Johnson (4), D eBarr (7), 
H arte n ste ln (9 ) and Corone, 
A shby 
( 6 ). 
W —D e B a r r . 
L — Bernard. 
H R — 
New 
York, 
MaMllli. 
Introducing President CB. 
The top-of-the-Iine line. 

We carry all kinds of CB s. But if you won't settle for anything less than the best, President is the line for you. 
Every President model comes with 4o channels. Every President comes with everything you'd expect on a top-of-the-Iine CB— plus sophisticated electronic features like Phase Lock Loop circuitry. And every President— every single unit— gets thoroughly tested before it ever gets to you. 
That's why we can recommend the entire President line to you without reservations. AM or SSB, mobile or base— every President is engineered to be the very best. 

COLIS CB HEADQUARTERS 
5SOS A. VRmko M. (341-73o3) 

COMMUNICATIONS ETC. 
#1.o3o1 S a w fly (349-4465) 
#2. 1437 S.W. Military Or. 
(922-3736) 
#3. SJH SM PaOra. 324-91o3 
#4. 712o Military Or. Watt 
(673-3o31) 
# S 1314 Northeast laap 41o1 
(lVa-1571) 
DAS DISCOUNT EQUIPMENT 
SAUS CO. 
4233 liar- H (634-9273) 

CHISENHALL AUTO AIR A VINYL 
244o floodway 
(828-5571) 
DUKE ELECTRIC sootiest. (222-1244) 

RADIO A TELEVISION 
PARTS CO. 
1o2o N. St. Mary t St. 
(227-75o3) 

TALK TOWN 
7327 Hwy 4o W. (673-1811) 

TEUTRONICS 
2717 HHkrati (735-6179) 

UNITED RADIO A T.V. 
33o2-1o Sa. Prata St. 
(534-3942) 

EARL WHEELER CAR CARE 
CENTER 
43o2 BraaOway at HiMafcrand 
(826-1572) 

SWT SERVICE CENTER 
S443 fradamktbarf Id. 
(696-1645) 
Wills COMMUNICATION 
314 fat laakar Id. (Uaiv. City) 
(653-4281) 

UNIRoYAL 

Zeta 4o 
PR-5 
Double 
Stool Bolted 
Radial 1st Quality 
Prices Rolled Back 

In Sets of 4 W hile Q uantity Last 

539.95 -t T E I 
$49 95 + F I T. 
I SM I 3 Blk. 
165X13 Blk. 
165X14 Blk. 

155X15 Blk. 

165X15 BIL 

Whits 
oR78-14 Whit* 

HR78-14 Whit* 

GR78-15 Whits 

BR78-13 Whits 

HR78-15 Whit* 

$59 95 + t i l . 

DR78-14 White 
J R 7 M S White 

ER78-14 White 
LR7S-15 White 

Dan Cook 

Modern 'slavery’, has advantages 

Much has been said and written about slavery m aking a comeback in sports these days. To hear some professional jocks tell it one might think that Abe Lincoln made a terrible mistake, an unforgivable oversight, when he didn’t include infielders, forwards and linebackers in the Emancipation Proclamation. 
Of course, there are a few major differences between this modern form of sports* slavery and the plantation workers of a century ago. 
For one thing, the old cotton pickers couldn't take time to sign autographs, endorse shaving creams or sashay around making personal appearances. 

Fight riff 

Continued from Page IC 

 rules for the whole tournament. People are watching on TV. 
“ We’ve averaged 29 million viewers so far with this package. We can’t just change.” 
The TBC’s jurisdiction can not touch the bouts at 
Randolph, because they will be held on federal pro­ perty. But the semifinal was tentatively scheduled for the Joe Freeman Coliseum and that is in the 
Texas commission’s realm. 
“ We were all ready to go,” Shedriek commented. 
“ We had the unsigned contract for the Joe Freeman 
Coliseum. 
“ Boone Arledge. Ring Magazine and everyone involved agreed to have the semifinal there because we had a feeling that San Antonio was a great boxing tUV 
Sincere tone 
Then, in a sincere tone Shedriek said, “ I think it’s unfortunate for San Antonio. It certainly discourages us from coming to San Antonio again, or even Tex­ as.” 
Shedriek went on explain that if the semifinal show to is prohibited in San Antonio, the city stands to lose most. 
He mentioned the amount of money and exposure that would slip the Alamo city’s grasp just because of a discrepancy in judging rules. 
Shedriek also waved a pointing finger at the North 
American Boxing Federation as the cause of the problem. 
According to Shedriek, N A BF president Bob 
Charley has been openly critical of the King tourna­ ment. And TBF chairman Bob Bussey is the vice president of the NABF. 
“ The N ABF is flexing its muscles,” Shedriek said, calling the whole thing a power play. “ We question how an outside group could influence the decision of the Texas Commission." 
Shedriek also said United States Boxing Commis­ sion chairman James A. Farley had spoken to Bus­ sey but no ground was gained on the issue. 
The TBF still insists that the judging rules be changed and King Productions and ABC Sports say they’ll take their business elsewhere before any changes will lie made. 
Problem 
However, the problem is being examined by the 
Texas legislature and there is still a possibility that a compromise can be found. 
“ I respect Bob Bussey,” said Shedriek. “ I have no quarrel with him as an individual and King Pro­ ductions have no quarrel with anyone. We’re trying to bring Poxing up by its bootstraps. 
"Our package benefits boxing. We’re providing the money arid the exposure. We're featuring smaller weight classes to try and give more people a chance to earn a- paycheck. In the past. all the at­ tention has been on the heavyweights.” 

For another, there wasn’t any "off­ season” around the plantations. 

About the only edge the real slaves had over this modern crop of athletes was a total lack of concern about tax collectors. They didn't sit around each 
April 15 worrying over mounds of pa­ perwork. 

Of course, this whole idea for screaming slavery while becoming fa­ mous and rich for spending half a year playing a game is designed to fetch public sympathy. The designers, how­ ever, give little credit to the mentality of the general public. 
For some reason or other this is re­ mindful of the dumbo who was at­ tracted by an advertisement that of­ fered a Carrlboan cruise for just $5o. 

Moments after the ancient boat limped to sea the tourist was clamped in chains, taken below and seated with one of those huge oars in his hand. He and about 5o others began to stroke their oars to the rhythm of a single drummer. Another dummy, sitting across from him. noticed the puzzled look on our hero’s face after half an hour. “ What's the problem?” The new recruit pulled on his oar and answered, 
“ I was Just wondering, when this trip is over, should we tip the drummer?” 
The guy across from him replied, “ I think it must be included because we sure didn't tip him last year.” 

Another modern form of slavery? 
Who knows? Maybe they enjoyed the trip and needed the exercise. 

High price tags 

At this moment more than a dozen baseball players are holding out. as usual, for more money. Nothing wrong 
* with this because in our free enterprise the idea is to get as much as w e can for our services. 

Pete Rose is angry because the Cin­ cinnati Reds won’t give him $74o,ooo a season on a three-season contract. Joe 
Morgan, we understaNd, has already signed for that amount but Joe hap­ pens to be two years younger than 
Pete. Besides, Joe doesn’t get all those 
TV commercials that Rose does but that's a matter only slightly related to a player's worth to his team. 

Anyone who follows professional sports must have at least a slight opinion on this subject. 
From here it seems that there aren’t more than three* athletes in the world worth half a million a season. O.J. 
Simpson might be one and I can't think ti! Un* other two. Of course. Simpson wakes more money running through airports before TV cameras than he docs running around linebackers. 

The last solid players’ objection, the parallel with slavery, reverts to choice of teams, not the size of checks. As long as one person works for another there shall always be discomfort, to say the least, about short wages. Pro athletes miffed because they have ne say in which club they play for, which city they live. 

 r i'm t i r e d o e 
, Till 
BEINS- • A S L A V E R / a 

WHEELER TIRE SERVICE 
824-4517 
4 3 o 7 B r o a d w a y a t H i l d e b r a n d 

Traded and sold like slaves, they claim. Ah. if this be slavery wouldn’t we all love to bt* in such bondage? 
The slave merchants meet once a year to draft the "fresh meat” coming out of colleges and then they spend days bickering and dickering among themselves, making trades here and there. 

. . -•*>- 

The wise old “ slaves” long ago learned of escape valves. Insiders call it the “ Flap Yap for Flip Flop.” Ifs simple. You Just hassle with your owner or manager long enough and loud enough, flapping your yap each time a reporter comes near and, sooner or later, the flip flop will occur. 
Trade winds will whack you right in the rear. 

How do you suppose Joe Morgan got from Houston to Cincinnati? He got there the same way Bill Madloek re­ cently got to the west coast from Chi­ cago. Pour enough verbal steam up the boss’ tail and he’ll get you a transfer. 
Of course, that act can be habit forming. Dick Allen has been in more baseball camps than adhesive tape and now, finally, he’s beginning to check over his pension papers. Most owners had rather have athlete’s foot. 

History helps 

Presidents, not athletes, usually look to history for passing grades. But his­ tory has proved that pro athletes were, for many years, getting the short end of the sticks opposed to team owners. 

In the last 15 years player salaries have doubled and almost tripled and food and travel expenses have almost doubled. Yet, the cost of admission tickets have climbed only 26 percent in most cases and total gate receipts are up only 22 percent on the general average. 

But you don’t see any team owners bailing out, selling, running for cover. 
This tells me that for the better part of 49 years team owners shafted their players in the salary department. Now the players are taking their turns and common sense and mercy are foreign words. 

To my way of thinking ifs unfortun­ ate that unions are sometimes neces­ sary but it all boils down to one key word, fairness. And which side is unfair? That's easy. Whichever side has the better chance to be unfair. 

Regardless of whether we’re dealing with individuals or groups, human na­ ture seldom changes. Give a guy a hammer and chances are good that he ll use it some day. No. this isn’t to say that basically we’re all unfair. But we do tend to sin* things the way that we d most like to have them seen. 
Astros rom p 

COCOA, Fla. (A P )—Cliff Johnson hit a three-run home run Friday as the 
Houston Astros defeated the Montreal. 
Expos, 8-5, in a game in which the’ 
Astros collected eight stolen bases. 
It was the first exhibition game of the season for both teams 
Johnson, playing in the outfield although carried on the roster as a catcher, overcame a 2-U Montreal lead in the bottom of the first with his 
41o-foot wind-ussisted home run over the Centerfield fence. 

Tony Perez, formerly with the Cin­ cinnati Reds, had a fifth inning home run for Montreal. 
Dan Larson, the second of three 
Houston pitchers, was the winner as the Astros took ll hits off three Mon­ treal pitchers. Dan Warthen was the loser. 

Montreal 
TOI o1o 1oo—4 IO 3 
WomsIoh 
JOO 12) o u - l ll I 
Boger*. W arthen 14). Keener (7) and Moot*- 
Morales </) lem ongtilo. Larson (4). McLaughlin 
(7> and Ferg u son , B a ld w in (7 ) 
W - L o r s o n 
L - Warthen. 
M B-M ontreal. 
Bere*; 
Houston, 
Johnson 

E x h i b i t i o n b o x s e u r e s 

At lu « CHV, A n t 
Chn. ogo IN ) 
I (Mi oo7 (HH) — J ll I 
Milwaukee 
• A) 
OOI 
3o2 
OO. 
6 
I t 
B Beastnet. Decker (4). Sutler 
(6) and Mitier wold. Putnam (7), 
Pluton. Augustine (I), Sear (et, 
H inds (9 ) and H a y n e v, But turnover (V) 
W 
A ugustine 
LA-Denser MB-Milwaukee ie shoo Bando 

Al sow eto**, Ho 
Minnesota (AMMO OW) OOO - I 
S I 
Detroit (A ) 22o o1} JO. — IO l l I 

I oeboer, Butler (4). Hughes 
(OI. Jo h n so n I I I am t W v » e u a t 
Cont hut 141, it utter t%. Bo/emu 
(4), Hiller (21 and Mas. ta rtish 
(4) W 
Bubet is I 
I wrtiUti 
MN 
Minnesota. Ford D eli att, 
Mutton Vets jet 

Al MeHvilte, Calif 
Sun Die OU (N ) 
OOO OII OOO 
2 6 4 
‘ Canto* mu (A i oeo OOO OOO I 4 I 
Metzger, Shirley 121. Fingers 
(5). fteinot IO) and Davis. Stone 
(t i; Toss, Cuellar 14). Oath Iona l i t . K u h a u iu a 
(9) an d t i - ibesot rem 
Martinson 
(4). 
Ciliium l l ) 
W - Boss 
I - Metzger, 

At Bradenton, Fie 
Chn ago (A l OOO 1o2 OJO I - I 17 o 
Pittsburgh 
IN ) 
IOO 
O S VJ J 
Bt eh s'oduuio lit . Wortham 
(SI 
Olton l h Anderson IS ), 
Munru* (9), YgtS (tot and Dun tan. OstHMN (st, Nous* 
Arson ti), Ciussuae ti), tekutve tit, 
L angloid t i ) and OU 
Airs go 
II u » 
(7 ). 
W 
M onroe 
I - lo n g ly ! d 
H R C hit UUU l o enc e*. Vade! ttutm. Pittsburgh 
OM, Put Re* J 

At Mesa. Aru. ieuttle (A) 
IQI 253 o22-IS 2o o 
Oakland (A) IMM) OOO 241- 7 12 2 
MtC arn tats 
Oulu*, so (4), Au batt is). Johnson (|i and Jutze. 
Torrez. Odom (4), Bosnian (si. 
Lacey ( I) and Newman. Haines 
(7). Dempsey lf ) 
W - MtCor mock L-Toriez, 

At P Agents, Aru. 
Cleveland 
(A i 
oo2 
JIO 
2 
IO IS I 
Van Fro 
O S U 

 no 

(N I 
I IQ QU sag 

 if innings 
Dobson tit/m um s (4) 
MLC, 
Hussey I IO)) Barr, Knapper (J), 
M o ttle IS I, CurnuM I i i and 
Vade. 
Ale.andei (St W 
Mood 
.- C a t n u ll 
H I , 
C le ve lan d 
Powell, Von Ft am ista 
O u t ’ 
Ona fete*ring A 
I *>4 

S a n Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— jp tu rd a y March 12 I 977 
H 
Page —3-C 

O utdoors 

 w i t h D a n K i p p e r 

Sport fisherm en are losers again 

Hog coach gathers fans 

The rew ritin g of the Red 
Drum Conservation Aet by the. b ill’s sp onsor, 
Sen. 
A. 
R. 
Schwartz of Galveston, was not unexpected. Many sport fisher­ men anticipated major changes would be made in the proposal, changes which would be detri­ mental to the redfish of Texas. 

And that is exactly what has hap­ pened. The senate bill, num ber 824, was approved by the com m ittee on natural resources last Wednesday and might com e before the lull senate 
March 21. 
What started out as a real conserva­ tion measure, one which would estab­ lish realistic limits on the daily sport and com m ercial catch es of redfish from the bays, has emerged as a pro­ commercial law which would have lit­ tle or no immediate affect on catches and, in the long run, could be disas trous. 

A number of sections were deleted from the b ill. One m ission section would have increased the mesh size of nets, thus permitting small redfish to escape. Another would have prohibited a fish dealer from buying more than 
IOO pounds of redfish per days from any one person. 

The most dam aging change is the 
(junta system the m easure would es­ tablish. The daily bag limit system would Ik* in effect only during the lat­ ter part of this year. 
Beginning next year, the bill would set up a quota system for the com ­ m ercial harvest of redfish, with the quotas determ ined by averaging the commercial catches reported for tilt 
1971-72 through 75-76 seasons. 
These are, as sport fishermen might have guessed, the five years with the highest catches on record. 

A locked in quota 

Q uotas b ased on th e se y e a rs wouldn’t reduce the annual harvest even a little bit. In addition, the re­ porting of catches would be based on an honor system. 
A ll the Texas P ark s and Wildlife 
Department could do would be to ac­ cept figures on reported catches and hope they were correct. 
The bill would enable the d e p a rt­ ment to close a bay to com m ercial 

 fishing at any tim e the com m ercial catch approached 9o per cent of the allow able, but even this curbing clause has a drawback. 

“Even if all catches were reported, there is a five-day lag in data reporting and a 2o-day lag before the commission could close a bay,” a spokesman for the department said. This would mean that when that 9o per cent figure was reached, fishing would continue for nearly a month before the bay could be closed. 

But the major damage would be the locked in quota, a quota based on the five highest years of catches. There is no provision in the bill to permit re­ duction of the quota once it is estab­ lished . . . except, of course, through legislative procedure. 
And, since it is that same procedure which has gotten us into this mess, I, for one, don’t put much faith in it get­ ting us out. 
The bill, as rew ritten , should be killed. That, at least, would be a step toward conservation of the redfish on the Texas coast. 
Saturday short shots 

M em b ers of the T ex as T rophy 
Hunters Association are gearing up for the second annual conference of the organization. The conferernce is set for March 26 in the Convention Center in San Antonio. 
TTHA m em bers will exhibit white- tails killed last season and will com ­ pete for the Best Buck aw ard. The w in ner will receiv e a K-14 Klein- guenther rifle. 
There will be special awards for the most points and widest spread. Films and speakers will be featured during the day-long conference. Tickets to the meeting are $7.5o for m em bers and $1o for guests. 
★ ★ ★ 
The Bird Dog and Quail Club of San 
Antonio will hold its spring field trial on the Pandora Gam e M anagem ent 
Area March 19, 2o and 21. 

Trial headquarters will be at Union 
Valley. Judges will be F. M. Dyke of 
San Antonio and Fred Maass of Pflu­ gerville. 

Stakes will include am ateur all age, amateur derby, am ateur shooting dog, amateur puppy and open shooting dog. 
Spectators will be welcome to attend. 
Horses are recommended if, watching the trial is desired. 

ASSOCIATED PRESS 
LITTLE ROCK - Arkansas 
Coach Eddie Sutton and Kansas 
State Coach Jack Hartman have made a deal for the NCAA bas­ ketball tournament, but no in­ vestigation is needed. 

Sutton says he is encouraging UA fans to cheer for Kansas State, in re­ turn. Hartman will urge K-State fans to support Sutton’s Razorbacks. 
Arkansas plays Wake Forest Satur­ day night in the first round of the 
NCAA tournament at Norman, Okla., 

 and Kansas State plays Providence in the second game. 
“ If our fans and Kansas State's fans get together, it will be like playing at home,” Sutton said. 

Arkansas, winner of 18 straight, is 
26-1 for the season and ranked No. 8 in the country. Wake Forest was 2o-3 a few weeks back, but lost its last four games. 

“ We’ve got a tough one. but if we can get by W ake F o re s t, w e ’ve got a change to beat any of them,” Sutton said. “ Of course, with a good game, any of them can beat us.” 
Sutton says the Deacons are better 

 than any team Arkansas has faced this year. That includes Houston, Memphis 
State and Kansas State. 

“ They had the Atlantic Coast Cnfer- ence won.” he said. “ All they needed was a win at home, but they lost to 
Maryland by one and to North Carolina 
State by six and wound up in a tie for second. They beat N orth C aro lin a twice. 
“ T hey're a great shooting te a m ,” 
Sutton said. “ I feel we’re about equal. 
Their strength is in their fast break. 
They like to attack with the ball. If we can contain their break, we can beat them. They play good defense, like us, 

 and they change th eir d efen ses on you." 
Sutton says Wake Forest guard Skip 
Brown and ACC Player of the YejJfRod 
Griffin are excellent players and* lh at forward Jerry Schellenberg is a “ great outside shooter.” Sutton calls Griffin the “ best power forward in College basked thai I.” 
Arkansas is the highest-rated teaam in the eight-team Midwest Regional. 
In other Midwest Regional gam es, 
Cincinnati will play M arquette and 
Southern Illinois meets Arizona. 
“ Anything else we get will bd & bon­ us," Sutton said. “ W e're a year ahead of what I thought we d be.” 

A g g ie s prevail 

COLLEGE STATION 
(A P) 
— 
S ophom ore right-hander Mark Ross hurled a one-hit shutout to pace the Texas Aggies to a 4-o Southwest Con­ ference baseball victory over Southern Methodist 
Friday. 
Ross went the full nine innings in recording his fifth victory of the year against no lossxes. 
Senior rig h t-h a n d e r 
Jim Beard was charged with the loss for the 
Ponies. He is now 2-3. 
The Aggies scored two runs in the first inning on a leadoff double by shor- stop Robert Bonner and singles bv centerfielder 
Mike Hurdle, leftfielder 
R obert 
V erde, designated h itte r Tim 
Feickert. 
A&M score single runs in the seventh and eight innings. The Aggies are 
15-6 for the year and 5-2 in conference play. SMU is 3-8 and o-7. 

SMU 
OOO OOO o oo -o 
I 2 
Texas A&M 
2oo OOO l l x —4 l l 2 
Beard, Boss (7) and Strawn 
Ross and Turner 
W Ross, S O. 
L Beard, 2-3. A—3oo 
Tides ’n Times 

TIDES 
Port Aransas 
March 12 
March 13 
Lo 
2 o6 a rn. 
Lo 
3:11 a m 
Hi IO 31 a m . 
Hi 1 1:3 oa m 
Lo 
3: IS a.rn. 
Lo 
4:14 a m 
Hi 
6:42 p.m. 
Hi 
7:58 D.m 

Port Isabel 
March 12 
March u 
Lo 
2 Se a.m. 
Lo 
4: l l a m 
Hi 
1:1/ a.m. 
Hi 
2:2o D m 
Lo 
4:59 a m. 
LO 
6:18 .rn 
Hi 
9:o9 p.m. 
Hi IO 55 D.m 

SUNRISE SUNSET 
March 12 
March 13 
Rise 6 48 a rn. 
Rise 6 46 a m 
Set 6:4o D.m 
Set 6: 41 p m 

MOONRISE MOONSET 
March 12 
March 13 
Rise 1:14 a.rn 
Rise 2:11 a.rn 
Set 12:1o D.m. 1:o8 D.m. 

MOON phases 
New moon 
M arch 19 
First qua rter: M arch 27 
Full moon 
A p ril 4 
Last quarter . M arch 12 

Dyer Electronics says goodby to KEXL and Sam Kind rick 

Cobra 21 XLR 
4o Channel C.B. 

 p m $ 

• full legal output—4 watts t Dynamite gain control 
• Accostable squelch 

• Lighted LED digital channel 
• selector, Rf S meters t PA capacity 

IOO QQ QQ $ I 

4o channel C.B. Cobra 29XLR 

• Illuminated LED digital channel selector 
• Dimmer control • Dynamite 
• SWE ft signal meters 
• Switchable noise limiting norse blocking 

HITACHI SDT-87oo 
Complete Stereo 
System including 
Cassette Recorder 
I A M FM Stereo Receiver 

I A u to m a tic R ecord C h a n g e r w ith cover and cartridge 

► Tw o large bass reflex speakers 
I Cassette recorder w ith tw in VII 

 meters and m ute stop p m PU I he 

PYK 
PIM $ 
$24977 

P IO N E E R TH-3o 

8-track 
Player 

§ Connects to any system 
• T wo yeor worionty 
• Wood cabinet 
DYM DIAL 
$47” 
PIO N E E R 

• full features • Locking pause 
• fast forward 
• Two yeor warranty 

8-tr. Recorder 

 w ith Dolby 

M odel HR IOO 

RH-6o 
8-track 
Recorder oru out 

*139” 

*189” 

 min. 

8-track 
Blank 
Tapes 

DYER DIAL 

 c i r e A i G 
Model 1-6o2 
AM-FM 
Cassette 
DYIK PUI 

Complete with 
Craig 9414 Spkrt 

 and Mf!ALLIO 

NO 
LIMIT! 

AM-FM a ii w n # Ilf 
P IO N E E R ip-7ooo w /push buttons prUPtAl 

*189” 

Complete with 
Pioneer TS-1 OO Spkrt. and HIST ALLIO 

H i t a c h i 
| . .H m m r~m - i 
D- 4 1 o 
I 
ESE® 
— 
5 - - 
Oolby 
I iiiiii ™ T 
Cassette Deck 
B[Al 

• ferrite hoods for long tie 
£ 
• FM Dolby § Dalby noise leduction S 
§ Output level controls 
• Wood cabinet 
189” 

Sansui 222 
Belt-drive 
Turntable 

 with tins* dust and $3o Pick erie cartridge 

RYU MAI 

Auto-Return 
Turntable 
Complete 
Model Ut-1 OM 

AM-FM 
8-track 
Model 3145 
o " 5 / \ I C 5 
Complete with 
Craig 9414 Spkrt 

 and MilAhLIP 
T M K M N in 
M M M T U M M * O O n n n 

KR-5oo 
:> tiJ 
FM Cassette 

Complete w ith 
Pioneer TS-16o Spkrt 

 and INST ALLIO electronics warehouse 

HMN AtetSiCARU 
OMEN SATURDAYS 
6734 Son Pedro 
828-2231 

OPSN SUN D AYS 
4311 Fredericksburg 
735-9276 

H 
San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday March I 2. 1 9 7 7 

NEW HOURS 
MON.-SAT. 1o-7 
FRI. 1o-9 

[25oo B roadw ay 
1218 S.W . M ilitary Dr. 

NO 
CHARGE 
CARDS OR 

LAYAWAYS 

ON CB S 

HARWOOD 5 
HAS THE 
LOWEST 
PRICES 
ON NAME 
BRAND CB S 

• "luma-Dial" (honne) indicator, TX light and signal/power motor ara top-mounted to o in easy sight from tho driver's seat 
• Transmitter rated for legal maximum output power with high love! modulation in accordance with KC tart 95 
• Duval conversion superheterodyne receiver has tuned RF stage, automatic gain control, built-in automatic noise limiter, full- variaeie squelch, switchable high frequency noise filter. 

THE 1o-2o 

 for CB’s 

 is 

HARW OODS 

 range verto 
Certified to Ii KC tart 15 requirements 
• tA and external CB switches, more tA audio output power into 
S ohms 
• ‘Omni-tower" operation permits installation in any 12-volt vehicle, positive or negative ground 

77-83o 

A4 .» l a n » 4o CHANNEL 

Sugq. Retail $139.95 

* 
6 
9 
" 
* 

•With Purchase of 
Antenna or Slide Mount 

Otherwise 
$79.99 

I C B T R U N K 
C B S L ID E M O U N T 
P A O R E X T 
L - a n t e n n a 
P R E V E N T S THEFT 
S P E A K E R S 
$ 1 
2 
99 
$ 7 9 9 
$ g 9 9 
MIDLAND 4o CHANNEL 
- DELUXE w CB RADIO 

4o-CHANNEL DELUXE FEATURED FULL LE6AL POWER CB MOBILE. Dual conversion receiver with delta fine tuning, switchable ANL, variable squelch, active automatic gain control. Large, 

 lighted S/RFO meter and 4o-channel selector dial. PLL tuner, PA and external CB switches, 
“ Omni-Power' operation — 12 volt DC, positive or negative ground. h.x6H’ w.x/'/s’ d. 
With microphone and mounting bracket. 

Sugg. Ret. 
$169.95 
9 9 

WHILE 
THEY UST 

E D B L A F L B N I E D 
Deluxe 23 Channel 
CB RADIO 

LOOK AT THESE 
SUPER FEATURES 
SUPER DELUXE Model 13-882C. 

Rugged quat 23 chaunt! AM mobil* unit • ANI • 

Rum Moran • (stomal (I/ RA twitch • MHO tun 

 mg • Antenna owning light • ihgh-iovol modulo hon system e Monmum legal power 

Sugg. Ret. $199.95 

6 9 
9 9 

THI 
TRUCKERS 
CHOICE 

EXECUTIVE 26 
TH I P ER F O R M A N C E R A D IO 
BUILT O N THI FAM OUS COBRA 
29 CHASSIS PLUS RF G A IN 

B y - a 
-t 
*> « ■ 
•* t*-’* ” 
I I 

^ 

2) CHA MMUS Of MAXIMUM ROWER 
•it # jnJheke* IMA bm iKMMflidM** IbiOBioAA tRHD 
DRP ie AAhBRHP 
'MB qpFrO™ Mil.*! LM 
P ™ 
(omonal Amen p*o*o» Aho M i tag tora* Fradrae* ami ara****** to feel clMb Urn lot fwWihaMlo nato# Wtttee (ANI), lf gam co* tool Batta baa, Mu— mod homo* I Moral « A-»rad Le tqwakh. PA oatgcif. Boraibebra dyewww anba m d raw* awea rho Cobra Bb opera**! OI mo»imam raga! te e n ret sHNmI egnimrural m *t a raaAy ararat* Ie frat » rara* toto;alt* aaa al 
•PW a ra— otra* ba hp year to* why ba lab*# Ie lo tho iran drad aI (wrap— emu rn Mo CMioam Bead »wa eeoy <raN* radaitry 

Swff I e *«H $219.9$ 

M D M M R ttfP 

GUAM d im U M I IO 
MO BAIN ( M H S 
IMA*** sABBs, LAYAWAY! 

Burbank 

M ayfield 
Coleman 
Burns 
W illiam s 
Phillips 
M cGill 
W isem an 
Slav 
Jetterson 

T O T A LS 

Poole 
Lam b ert 
Gam boa 
Puente 
Salinas 
Hernandez 

T O T A LS 

SOC 
Burbank 

Attendance: 7,SOO 

Continued from Page IC 

 was layups that beat us. 
“ They have a real good point man 
(Cullen Mayfield) who hurt us. Gilbert 
(Salinas) had to take him when he drove in and he would pass to the wings behind Gilbert for the layups. 
Meyer speaks 

“ The main thing we had to do was break their press and make them play half court. We didn’t beat the press consistently enough. 
“ I thought we played our bes*, at the beginning of the game, when we were moving well. 
“ I thought Gilbert needed to touch the ball more. We didn t get him the ball enough, especially against the zone. We were moving on the peri­ meter too much and not penetrating.” 
Burbank had its biggest lead of the game at 16-12 on a three-point play by 
Gilbert Salinas with 55 seconds left in the opening quarter. 
Press works 

However, with the aid of the press. 
South Oak Cliff fought back to tie the score at the end of the quarter. 
That outburst typlifled the first three periods, when the lead changed hands eight times and was tied on nine other occasions. 
Burbank took a 31-29 lead at halftime as Salinas hit two buckets in the last 
4o seconds before the break. 
South Oak Cliff took a pair of four point leads in the third period, during which time they posted a 12-8 margin on the Bulldogs. 
Then came the decisive fourth quarter in which the Bears had a 25-15 bulge. 
Ernest Puente led Burbank with 16 points, followed by Salinas with 15. although the* latter drew a blank in the last quarter. 
Still, I he 6-11 star capped his career with 2,2o2 points, leaving an all-time 
Rockets soar 

IN D IA N A P O LIS (AF*) — Rudy Tomjanovieh scored 13 points in the last six minutes of play to lead the Houston Rockets to a 124-1o9 victory Friday over Indiana in the National Basketball Association. 
Tomjanovieh finished the game with 27 points to lead all scorers. 
The victory was the sixth straight for the Rockets. 
H O U S T O N (1J4): M alone 9 7 8 2S, Tom janovieh 12 3 3 27. K unn ert 4 
3 5 ll, Lu cas 4 2 2 IO, M urphy 8 2 2 18, Newlin 5 5 5 IS, D Jo n e s 4 O O 8, 
Johnson 4 o o 8, Kennedy I O O 7 Totals 51 22 75 124 
IN D IA N A (1o9): W Jones 3 2 2 8, Knight 13 o o 26, Robisch 9 4 4 22, 
Bose 3 2 2 8. W illiam son 6 6 7 18, H illm an 4 3 3 11, Flyn n 6 O O 12, G reen 
2 O O 4 Totals 46 17 18 1oV 
Houston 
26 36 
27 35— 124 
Indiana 
33 27 
29 2o— 1o9 
F o u le d o u t —K u n n e rt. T o ta l fo u ls — H o u s to n 21, In d ia n a 22, 
Technicals— Tom ionovich, Kennedy, H illm an. A -6,215. 
Hawk*, 1oo-95 

ATI.ANTA. Ga. (A P ) — Armond Hill made two free throws with four seconds remaining in the game to give the Atlanta Hawks a 16o-95 National Basket­ ball Association victory Friday over the Denver 
Nuggets. 
The Hawks had expanded their lead to 14 points twice in the fourth quarter but on a layup by .lim 
Price, the Nuggets whittled it down to three points, 
98-95, with six seconds left. 

D E N V E R (95): Jones 6 5 6 17, Thompson ll 4 5 26, W ebster 2 O O 4, 
P rice 3 O O 6, Taylor o O O o, M cClain I O O 2, C alvin 5 2 7 12, Issei 3 9 17 
15, Silas I O O 7. W ise 5 12 ll Beck o O O o. Total 37 21 27 95 
A T L A N T A (IOO): Drew 9 7 14 25. Robinson 4 5 5 13# M eriw eoth er 5 l l ll. Charles 5 4 4 14, Hill 7 17 1/ 26, Bro w n 2 12 5, H aw es I o o 2. 
Soiourner 2o o 4. Totals 35 3o 43 IOO 
Denver 
24 24 IS 29— 9 $ 
Atlanta 
25 27 27 21 — 1oo 
Fouled out— Issei. Hawes. Total touts— D e n ver 32. Atlanta 27 
A - ll,o 8 6 
76er*. 126-122 

PH ILA D ELPH IA (A P ) — .Julius Erving and Lloyd 
Free scored 26 points apiece to lift the Philadelphia 
76ers to a 126-122 National Basketball Association victory over the Seattle Supersonics Friday night. 
Philadelphia twice led by 25 points, the last time at 73-48 with one second left before the half. But it took Free’s consistent last-quarter shooting to cool a 
Seattle comeback. 
S E A T T L E (122): Weatherspoon 4 )2 9 , Souls 4 2 2 IO, Bu rleson 4 I J 
9, Watts ll 2 3 24 Brow n 7 12 15, W ilkerson 2 2 4 6, G reen 8 12 17, Love 
2 o-o 4, Johnson IO 4 4 24, Tolson 2 O O 4 Totals 54 14 22 127 
P H IL A D E L P H IA (126): E rv in g 9 8 ll 26, M cG in n is 7 4 I lo Jones 3 
3 4 9, Bibby 4 o^o 8, Collins 5 6 6 16, D aw kin s 6 2 2 14, M ix 3 3 3 9 F roe 9 
8-1o 26. B ry an t o O O o. Totals 46 34 4o 126 
Seattle 
2) 29 35 37— 122 
Philadelphia 
31 35 25 28-124 
Fouled oui 
None 
Total 
Fo u ls— Seattle 
29, 
Ph ilad elp h ia 
73. 
A — 16,268 
TSU advances 

KANSAS C IT Y (A P ) — Alonzo Bradley and 
Lawrence Williams combined for 42 points Friday night us Texas Southern put on a strong second half performance to defeat Grand Valley State of Michi­ gan 69-62 in the opening semifinal game of the NA1A 
Basketball Tournament. 
In the second semifinal game. Campbell. N.C., defeated Henderson State. Ark., 76-52. Texas 
Southern and Campbell will play for the champion­ ship Saturday night, beginning at 8 p.m. 

T E X A S S O U T H E R N (4 9 ): Sin g leto n 2 o 1 4. B ro o m y 6 6 8 72. 
Caldwell 3o I 6. Butler 6 I 7 13. W t!liam t9 7 7 2o. LongO O OO. W est 2oo 
4, Dovik o (FO o, G ravel. o O O o. Total* 3o 9 14 69 
G R A N D V A L L E Y 
42): R aven 9 OO ll. B ru in sm a I 2 2 ll. H e rrin g ton 5 OO IO Fuller 4 (FO 8. Pete rm an 3 2 4 1, Mull o o o o, M ou ltrie oo oo, 
Ham m ond o o o o Total* 29 4 6 62 
H olttim e—G ran d Vo' ev 3o Texa* Southern 27. Total tout* - T e * a * 
Southern 12, G ran d Volley ij. 

Alamo City record for future cagers to . shoot at. 
Leonard Lambert added 12 points and settled down defensively after picking up three fouls in the first five minutes. 
Center David Burns led South Oak 
Cliff with 2o points and Mayfield add- ded 16. Ricky Phillips scored a dozen. 
For the game. South Oak Cliff hit 28 of 59 from the field and IO of 15 at the line. 
Burbank, which closes with a 34-5 record, showed 22 for 49 from the floor and IO of 13 at the stripe. 
Eat h team had 33 rebounds, includ­ ing 12 for Burns, eight for Steve Gam­ boa, seven for Salinas and six for 
Puente. 
South Oak Cliff is tke same team that eliminated the Clemens girls this year and Jefferson boys in 1974 at state. 

SO U TH OAK C L IF F (66) fl-fgo ft-fto reb pf pl* 
7 17 2 3 
I 2 16 
39 24 23 8 
9 17 2 3 12 
I 2o 
3-5 
2 2 
5 4 8 
5 9 
2 2 
8 4 12 
1-1 
OO , I I 
2 
oo 
OI OO o 
o1 
OO IO o 
OO 
OO I O o 

28 59 IO IS 31 IS 66 

B U R B A N K (54) ft-fga ft-fta reb pf pts 
14 
OO 
6 8 
OO 
2 9 
4 4 
6 12 4 6 
7 16 l l 
OO 
1-2 

3 5 
4 4 
8 3 
6 4 

I I 
o o I 

22 49 1 o-13 28 1 7 54 

Team Rebounds: Burbonk 5. South Oak Cliff 2, 

16 13 12 25 — 66 
16 IS 
8 15— 54 

F O R T W O R T H D U N B A R (74): 
K irv e n 4 4 4 12, 
W atlcv IO 3 3 23, G lenn o O O o, H u b b a rd 6 3 5 IS, 
G riffin 9 2-3 2o, R o b in so n o o o o. Jo h n so n 2 o 2 4, 
C a rro ll o o-o o. Totals: 31 12 17 74 
H O U STO N W E S T C H E S T E R (68): 
H o w a a rd 6 
oo 12, B u e sch e r IO 1-3 21, K lo re r 6 17 13. K lk e r 4 
o-o 8, Costello 4 4 4 12, Jo h n so n o 2-2 2, H o ffm a n o 
OO o Totals: 3o 8 11 68 
H a lftim e 
D u n b a r 37, W e stc h e s te r 34. T o tal 
F o u ls: 
D u n b a r 9, W e stch e ste r 18. F o u le d Out 
Joh n son A — 6,1oo 
Nets fly 

U N IO N D A LE , 
N Y . 
(A P ) — Mike Bantam scored six points and pulled down IO rebounds in the third quarter to spark the New York Nets to a 
82-73 come-from-behind v ic ­ tory over the Phoenix 
Suns in National Basket­ ball Association action 
Friday night. 
The loss snapped a three-game losing streak and a five-game home losing streak for the 
Nets. The Suns have lost ll in a row. 

P H O E N IX (73): Terrell 2 O O 4, 
Adam s 5 2 3 12, A w trev 6 1-3 13, 
Sobers 4 12 9. W estphal 6 4 6 16, 
Le e 5 3-4 13, E ric k s o n 1o o 2, 
Schiueter I fro 7, Feher I o o 2, T 
Von Arsdale o O O o Totals 31 11-18 
73 
N E W Y O R K (82): D a vis 5 56 
IS, Bantom 5 8 9 18, Hughes 3 o 3 6, von Breda Koltt I 12 3, Skinner 5 
5 IO 15, H awkins SO-? IO. Fox 5o o 
IO. T e rry I O O 2. W ohl o 3 3 3. 
Totals 3o 22-35 82. 
Phoenix 
26 16 12 19—73 
New York 
23 17 2o 22 -1 2 
F o u le d out — W e s tp h a l 
Total fouls— Phoenix 33, New York 26. 
Technicals —Sobers. A —6,73o. 
B ra v e * roll 

BU FFA LO , N Y. (A P ) 
— Randy Smith scored 35 points Friday night as the Buffalo Braves beat 
Chicago 
95-96 and snapped the B u lls’ se­ ven-game National Bas­ ketball Association win­ ning streak. 

C H IC A G O (9o): Johnson 7 4 4 
18, M ay 6 2 2 14, G ilm ore IO 6 8 76, 
Van Lier 5 O O IO. Holland 5 O O IO. 
Bor wink Ie I OO 2, Pondexter o OO 
o Mengelt 3 O O 6. M arin o o o o. 
H ic ks 2o I 4 Totals 39 12 19 9o 
B U F F A L O (95): Shum ate 6 58 
)7, Dantley 4 4 4 12. Johnson I 3-3 
5, Smith 14 7 IO 35, DiGregoriO 7 
2 7 16. G ian rili 3 OO 6, Adam s I o o 
2 Aver lit o 2 2 2. Foster o oo o 
Totals 36 73 29 95 
C h icago 
21 2o 14 28 -9 9 
Buffalo 
27 12 3o 26— 95 
F o u le d o u i - N o n e 
T o ta l lou is—Chicago 
22. 
Buttolo 
22 
A —7,4/3. k in g s 
W i l l 

NOW! 

 rn 

COMPLETE CESSNA 
PRIVATE PILOT TRAINING 
INCLUDING: 

• ii NOMS Of HMM! IN A 1977 CISSNA IM 
• TO HOMS Of OUM FUGH! HAINING WUN YOM INSIAuUO* 
• CISSNA INK MAUD HIGH I HAINING SYSUM 
• HOTHI, HANNU, CUMH)IM 
• LOG KXM 
• HAINING STLUKA 
• 1977 CISSNA ISO CoAUAUUI THOI OHM I ING HANOIOOI 
• CISSNA NAHUM Of FL IGN I 
• CISSNA FttYAK HIO! HfGMOOA 
• CISSNA HHVAIt (HOI HAINING IICMO FOlOtl 
• SS NOMS Of GMHAU I M I NING 
• COMHIH CISSNA MANO TIMM LlltAlf USAGf 
COMPLETE 
PACKAGE 
$895 

METRIC AIRMOTIVE INC. 
ROOMVELT AN D 99TH AVE. 
SAN ANTONIO. 1IXA S 76214 
5 1 2 -9 2 2 -2 7 4 7 • 9 2 4 -7 3 7 $ 

SAN DY STAP returns serve 

PHOTO BY STEVE CAM PBEII 
Trinity ferns stop Lamar 

Trinity’s women’s tennis team hiked its dual match to 2-o by beating stubborn 
Lamar, 7-2, Friday afternoon at Trinity. 

Sandy Slap got things started for Trinity by beat­ ing Maria Hill, 6-1, 6-o, in the number one singles. 
Trinity won the next four singles as Carrie Fleming downed Susan Pridham, 6-2, 6-2; Staey Bowman outclassed Liz Smith, 6-o, 6-2; Ann Sehroeder tripped 
Lynn Koth, 6-1, 6-4; and Shelly Hudson defeated 
Leslie (’arson, 6-1, 6-3. Dru Ann Musehlian, however, surprised Trinity’s Kerry Sterling, 6-2. 4-6, 6-4. 
In doubles. Stap and Fleming beat Carson and 
Koth, 6-2. 7-5; Sehroeder and Hudson downed Smith and Pridham, 6-o. 4-6, 7-6 (5-4 in tie-breaker); and 
Lamar's Hill and Musehlian tripped Bowman and 
Sterling, 6-4, 6-2. 
Trinity’s next match is against Brigham Young at 
IO a m. Monday at Trinity. 

Probe clears 
Monroe 

N EW YO RK (A P ) - 
The National Basketball 
Association said Friday night an investigation had cleared Earl Monroe of the New York Knieks of any wrong-doing in a last-second shot into the wrong basket Thursday night. 
Monroe’s shot at the buzzer didn't affect the outcome, since the 
Knieks defeated the 
Portland Trail Blazers 
1o8-1o4. However, the 
Knieks were ahead 
1o8-1o2 until Monroe’s jump shot from the corner. 
Favorites 
They also were six- point favorites, and ther­ ein lies the reason for the investigation. 
Monroe’s wrong-way shot brought forth a sound described as so­ mething between a roar and a loud moan from the 
Madison Square Garden crowd of 14,527. Those who wagered on the 
Knieks as six-point fa­ vorites lost their bets. 
Had the Knieks won by six, all bets would have been canceled. 

The N BA announced 
Friday it had begun an investigation “ under in­ structions from Commis­ sioner (Larry) O’Brien.” 
Film 
Frid ay night, the league said O’Brien and 
Deputy Com missioner 
Simon Gourd inc had re­ viewed the game film and league officials had interviewed Monroe. 

The 
N BA called 
Monroe’s shot “ a spur- of-the-moment’’ and 
“ unprem editated” act and said the K n iek s’ guard described his shot as a “ whim.” 
“ I forgot which end of the court I was on,” was 
Monroe’s explanation. 
Later, he said, “ I thought the game was over.” 

The incident came on the heels of an NBA in- vestigation into printed rumors that some of its games are being fixed. 
Conteh to fight 

P A R IS (A P ) - John 
Conteh of Britain, the 
World Boxing Council light-heavyweight cham­ pion, is expected to make his next title defense against 
Argentine challenger Miguel Angel 
Cuello. 

PECAN VALLEY GOLF COURSE 

SPRING GOLF SPECIAL 
*119°° 
COMPLETE GOLE PRIVILEGES FOR YOU 
ANO YOUR FAMILY FOR 2 MONTHS. 
MAYBE CONTINUED THEREAFTER FOR 
$37.5o MONTHLY 

PECAN VALLEY DR. AT E. SOUTHCROSS 

333-7121 
333-9o18 

 you say y o u ’re interested in a: 
H IG H ground clearance 
-3 -p o in t hitch 
FARM AND GARDEN TRACTOR with the follow ing tools: 

4 4 " belly m o w e r m iddlebusters turning plow disc harrow tool bor dum p trailer 

 cultivators rear b la d e front bum per 

OMAHA. Neb. (A P ) - 
Brian Taylor scored lout points in the final 46 se­ conds Friday night to give the Kansas City 
Kings a 114-112 National 
Basketball Association victory over ailing Port­ land. 
P O R T L A N D (112): O ro ** 3 2 i 
I, L u ca * IO 6 6 76. Jon ** 6 3 8 15, 
Hollins 91 IO 76, T w ard/tk I 9 9 11, 
Calhoun I o-o 2. Neal I O O I, Steele 
9 O O IB. D avt* I 7 2 4, W alker o O O 
o Total* 41 3o 37 117. 
K A N S A S C IT Y ( ) I4 ) : R oom 
/m e 7 4 5 11 b e d m a n 3 3 6 9. 
L a c e y 7 3 6 17 
B o o n e IO 6 9 76, 
T aylor 3 2 7 8. W addington 4 1 2 9 , 
B a r r 3 o o 6, H a n s e n o o o o. 
Jotinvon 3 6 8 12, M c C o rte r I O O I, 
E k tn s 3 17 7, Bigelow o o o o To tai* 44 26 4o 114 
Portland 
29 24 32 27-113 
Kan»a» CHV 
29 34 34 2 6 - i n 
F o u le d o u t— T w ord /tk . O r o ** . 
Hollins. Tolol f o u l* - P o r t la n d 32, 
K o n * o * 
City 
3F< 
T e ch n ica l— B oone A — 8,637 

 and you w an t it b a rga in priced ?? 

DON’T MONKEY AROUND... 
GO SPEEDEX! 

 am erican m ade 
16 hp. 

The Torgerson Co. 

739 Steve* 
5 3 3 -5 1 4 5 
*2 4 9 o.°° w ith fo als 

MELLOW STEREO 

■ w 
3 
STEREO 
/ g 

J rn. rn rn rn mm ■ 
L I S T E N T O T H E V - / M U 5 I E ... 
24 Hours 

Schoolboy baseball 

B O E R N E T O U R N E Y 
Losers' Semis 
T IV V ll, SM IT H SO N J 
Kerrville Tivy 
OSO oo4 3— 12 
IO 
3 
Smithson Valley 
oo4 o1o o— S 
4 
2 
Robinson, K a ise r (3) and W ay; B a rk e r ond 
Rhien. W — Kaiser (3-o). L — Barker. 
Highlights: 
A q ulrre and Llndem an each had two hits and two R B I s. and Smith had two R B I's and a run batted in for Tivy. 

B L A N C O S. B A N D E R A 4 
Bianco 
3oo o2 — 5 
S 
2 
Bandera 
oo3 OI — 4 
4 
I 
(Rive innings, time limit) 
M elendez and Im m el. Boyd, R ile y ( I) ond 
Hicks. W — Melendez. L — Boyd 
Highlights: 
H icks had two hits and a R B I for 
Bandera; and Calhoun hod two hits and W est drove in the winning run for Blanco with a fifth- inning single. 

Winners' Semis 
H O LY C R O SS 8, C A N Y O N 2 
Canyon 
OOO O il o — 2 
IO 
2 
Holy C ross 
o32 12o x— 8 ll 
I 
Llam as and Borm ann; G usm an and Gonzalez. 
W — G usm an (5-1). L — Llam as. 
H ighlights: 
G u e rre ro had two hits and two 
R B I s. and Gonzalez ond Valdez each had two hits tor Holy C ross 
B O E R N E IS, C O M F O R T 4 
Comfort 
o1o l l — 6 
4 
2 
Boerne 
225 52 — 16 
12 
5 
M artinez ond P re ssle r; B a ss and Yelverton, 
Stewart (5). W — B o ss (12). L — M artine z *o 1 ). 
Scogin had three hits and four R B I's , R ichter drove in three runs, and Astoria ond B a ss two each tor Boerne. 
Saturday's Schedule 
Noon — Blanco vs 
Kerville Tivv (Consolation chom pionshio 2.3o p m. — New Braunfels Convon vs Comfort (third place pom e) 4 p m — Boerne vs Holy C ross (cham pionship gam e). 

JU DSO N T O U R N A M E N T 
E D ISO N 7, SO UTH SAN W E S T 2 
Edison 
, 
o41 o2o o — 
7 
6 
I 
South San West 
OOO oo2 o — 
2 
3 
5 
Ed d ie H ernandez and M o n te m a v o r; G a rcio , 
Hitchcock (5) ond Eddie Carroll W — Hernandez 
(2-o). L — G arcia (l l). H R — M ontem ayor (2), none on in the fifth. 
FO X T E C H I*, JU D SO N IS 
Judson 
oo2 91o 3 — 15 
IS 5 
Fox Tech 
4o2 o6o 4 - 16 
12 3 
(Two outs when winning run scored) 
Hohensee, .• Poirier (5), Bible (5) ond H unts­ man G aribay and R. Lopez. W — G arib ov (3 o). L 
— Bible (o-2) H R — Judson, Fike (I), none one in the fifth 
Fox Tech. G aribay (I), one on in the fifth. 
Highlights: White of Fox Tech went five for five with six R B Is. The winning run for the Buffaloes cam e home when Bible hit a Fox Tech batter. 

Losers Bracket 
SA M H O U STO N 5, E A ST C E N T R A L 2 
Sam Houston 
o1o OOI 3 — 5 
3 
S 
East Central 
OOI o1o o — 2 
5 
6 
Flores and Jendrusch; Blacketer ond West. W 
— Flores *3 o) L — Blacketer (o 2) 
Highlights: 
Flores drove in two ru n s in the seventh with a single. 

SOUTH SA N W EST 3, W H E A T L E Y 2 
South Son West 
oo2 o o 1 — 3 
4 
4 
Wheatley 
2oo 
OOO — 2 I 
4 
• Six innings darkness) 
H e rn a n d e z an d R h in e h a r d ; Q u in t a n a an d 
Molina. W — Hernandez (2-1). L — Quintana (1-2). 

 i squeeze bunt to give South 
Highlights. 
Hernandez executed i in the sixth, driving home Carroll. 
8an West the victory. 
S A T U R D A Y 'S S C H E D U L E 
9 a.m. — Central Catholic vs. E d iso n (Chom pion,hip sem ifinals). Noon — E a st Central vs. 
Wheatley (seventh place). I p.m. — South San 
West vs. Sam H ouston (C onsolation ch am p ion ship). 3:3o p.m. — Fox Tech vs. Cem tral Cath otic Edison winner (cham pionship finals). 

H O N DO T O U R N E Y 
First Round 
M E D IN A V A L L E Y J, C O L E 2 
Cole 
OOO OOO 2— 2 
3 
5 
Medina Valley 
2oo OOI x— 3 
2 
2 
Kraw czyk and M. Hagen. Burrell and F. Kem pt 
W 
Burrell (2 o). L — K raw czyk (1-2). Cole's only two runs cam e on a two run single by Brian 
Fawcett in seventh 
Hand scored two of M edina 
Volley's runs and was driven in both tim es by 
Garza, who hod both M V hits. 
U V A L D E ll, F R E D E R IC K S B U R G o 
F redericksburg 
OOO oo— o 
3 
2 
Uvalde 
5o4 2x — ll 
IO 
2 
Kuhlman, G rona (I) ond W illiams. Sansom and 
Nuetze. W — Sansom *3-o) 
L — Kuhlm an (o 3). 
K u hlm an gave up three hits and three w alks before being relieved in decisive first Kolinck had two hits and two R B I for Coyotes. Nuetze had two hits, scored twice and drove in two and A leiandro hod two hits and scored twice. One of hie hits w as a triple Gam e stopped bv 1o-run rule after fifth 

C O N SO LA T IO N S E M IF IN A L S 
C O LE 4. F R E D E R IC K S B U R G 3 
Cole 
122 OOI o — 6 
8 
J 
Fredericksburg 
oo2 OOI o — 3 
2 
3 
Fawcett and Hagen; D avis and W illiam s. W — . 
Fawcett ( l l ) . L — D avis (o-1). 
Highlights: 
Fawcett and H agen each tripled tor 
Cole 

C H A M P IO N S H IP S E M IF IN A L S 
M edina Valley 
oo2 OI - 3 
3 
6 
Uvalde 
14/ 3x - 15 
IO 
J 
(F ive innings. IO run rule) 
Perales, Holzhauz *3 ), G 
Kem pt (4) ond F. 
Kempt 
M cElrov, Sansom (3) and Neutze 
W — 
M c E lro y (IO ). L — Perales (o I). 
Highlights: 
Steve Ram ble w as three for three and M c E lro v went two tor lour, including one R E I, tor Uvalde 
S A T U R D A Y 'S S C H E D U L E 
2 p m. — Cole vs. D H am s (Consolation cham p ion ship ) 
5:3o p m 
— S o m e rse t vs 
W cd tna 
Valley (third place). B o m . — U valde vs. Hondo 
• Cham pionship). 

N O R TH LOOP T O U R N A M E N T 
BAC Division 
M C C O LLU M 9, H IG H L A N D S I 
Highlands 
OOO OO 1 o — 
1 
2 4 
M i Collum 
112 311 x - 9 
8 2 
Biesenboch. Roc (5) and G arcia Rodriguez and 
Mc Double W — Rodriguez (2 o) L — Biesenbach 
( o-2) 
Highlights: 
Kitchens. Raley ond W ornhoft ooch knocked in two ru n s for M cC o llu m 
C o w b o ys' pitcher Rodriguez went three for three, including a triple He also struck out ll 

Consolation Semifinals 
C L E M E N S I). M E M O R IA L I 
M em orial 
OOI OOO — I 
J 
4 ' 
Clem ons 
OTO 423 - ll ll 
2 
(Six innings, lo ra n rule) 
Bowmans and Cisneros. Seller ond Corbett W — 
Setter *2 I). L — B osm ans (O JI H R — Clem ens. 
Corbett (3), none on in the -.gtond 
Highlights 
Seller struck out eight tor Clem ens. 

NBA Standings 

H o c k e y 

N A T IO N A L H O C K E Y L E A G U E 
C A M P B E L L C O N F E R E N C E 
Patrick Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
G A 
Philadelphia 
42 
14 
12 
96 
276 
182 
N. Y. 
Islanders 
4) 
19 
9 
9! 
238 
165 
Atlanta 
27 
3o ll 
65 
214 
226 
N. Y 
R angers 
25 
31 
13 
63 
235 
263 
Smythe Division 
St. Louis 
29 
32 
7 
65 
196 
225 
Chicago 
23 
37 
IO 
56 
214 
262 
Minnesota 
19 
34 
IS 
53 
2o5 
263 
Vancouver 
21 
4o 
8 
5o 
189 
255 
Colorado 
19 
38 ll 
49 
194 
252 
W A L E S C O N F E R E N C E 
Norris Division 
Montreal 
51 
8 ll 
113 
337 
162 
Pittsburgh 
29 
27 
13 
71 
2o8 
214 
Los 
Angeles 
28 
28 
13 
69 
229 
2o6 
W ashington 
19 
38 
13 
St 
185 
27o 
Detroit 
16 
43 
8 
4o 
168 
252 
Adam s Division 
Buffalo 
42 
2o 
6 
9o 
252 
187 
Boston 
41 
21 
7 
89 
268 
2o8 
Toronto 
3o 
27 ti 
71 
261 
237 
Cleveland 
21 
37 
IO 
52 
196 
237 

Winners' Semis 
Lee 
131 2oo - 7 
9 
o 
Kennedy 
OOI OOO — I 
2 
I 
(Six innings, time hmits) 
Grem m er and Beekm an; Perez, Villarreal (21. 
B e r lin g e r i 
( J I, 
S a n c h e z 
(41 a n d 
O rtiz 
W - G r e m m e r 
( I I) L — P e r e z 
* o 3 1 . 
M u r k 
Schiavonc had two hits and ane R B I's tor the 
Volunteers 

M A C A R T H U R I, H O L M E S I 
M acArthur 
IOO OOO OO - I 
5 
2 
Holm es 
o1o OOO o o — 
1 
6 
I 1 
(M acArthur advances on com hie) 
Wood. M artin (SI and W heeless. Com poio and 
M tit oles H R — Holmes, Rick Brow n (I). 2nd, solo 
Saturday's Gam es 
N orfh sid e D iv isio n : 
1 3 o p m . Je ffe rson vs. 
M arshall (Consolation finals), 4 p m , Roosevelt vs. Churchill (Cham pionship) 
B A C D ivision 
I JO p un . C lem ens 
M acArthur 

Honored 
Texas A&I football coach GII 
Steinke was honored as NA1A coach of the year Friday at the 
NAIA-Hillyard Hall of Fam e banquet in Kansas City. IITSA 
Athletic Director Rudy Davalos was inducted into the NAIA Hall of Fame. 

 n o r t h s i d e d i v i s i o n 
C onsolation Semis 
M A R S H A L L 9, H E IG H T S o 
Alam o Heights 
OOO OOO o — o 
I 
6 
M arshall 
HO 43o x — 9 
7 
o 
Meurin, Peterson (5) and DeLeon, Rangel (6); 
W illis and Franzen. W — W illis (2-o). L — M e u rin 
( ll ) . 
-v 
Highlights: 
Roddy W illis drove in three runs and Terry Saiozar two tor the w inners. W illis allowed only a leodoft sinqle bv Bill M eurin, the losing pitcher, in the seventh while striking out nine ond walking three 

J E F F E R S O N 12. E D G E W O O D 2 
Edgewood 
oo2 OOO — 2 
2 
6 
Jefferson 
TOI o18 _ 12 
8 
4 
(Six innings, 1o-run rule) 
Duarte, Y b arra (2) and Baiza. M e nchoca and 
Paunch. W — M cnchaca (T I). L — D uarte (o-2). 
Highlights: 
Fred Trevino had three doubles and two runs batted in for Jefferson. 

Winner's Semis 
C H U R C H IL L 7, H A R L A N D A L E 3 
Harlondale 
OOO o7o I — 3 
5 
Churchill 
21o o4o x — 7 
4 
I 
Delgado. N avaria (6) and M ora; Nelson, N ovo sod (5). Serna (5) and Ellev. W — Serna (l l). 
L — Delgado (l l). H R — Churchill. Robert Ellev (2), 
1st. one on; Harlondale. Jerry Rodriguez (I), Sth, solo 
Highlights: 
Ronnie Nipper hit o bases loaded, three-run triple in the fifth for Churchill. Pablo 
Rodriguez ond Jerry Ortega each hod two hits tor 
Horlonda'e. 

R O O S E V E L T S. JA Y 3 
Roosevelt 
OJI 
OOI o - 5 
5 
2 
Joy 
IOO 
o7o o - > 
5 
3 
Speer and Klinefelder; Woodruff, C ordick (5) and Kerner. W — Sneer (2-1). L — W oodruff (O I). 
Highlights: 
Jam es Eones, Ed Klinefelder, Phil 
Imbody, and Ed Bruno each had R B I's ond Joe 
Moon had two hits tor Roosevelt 
Keith K earney went 3-tor 3 and had two R B I's (or Jov. 

A U ST IN T O U R N A M E N T 
First Round 
SO UTH SAN 4, A U ST IN S F A I 
South San 
OOO 
2o2 o — 4 
4 
I 
S F A 
IOO 
OOO o - I 
3 
2 
Longoria ond Briseno Lancaster, Schieffcr (7) and Williams. W — Longoria (l l). L — Lancaster h r — South San, R ichard G arcia (2). fourth with one on. 
Highlights: 
Roland Sanchez added a two run single in the sixth tor the Bobcats. 

E A G L E PA SS T O U R N A M E N T 
Edinburg 7, D E L R IO I 
Del Rio 
OOI OOO I — 2 
6 
3 
Edinburg 
oo2 oo5 x — 7 
12 
2 
Walts, Rodriguez (6) and P lye r; S alin as ond 
Domgan. W — Salinas. L — Wolfs. 
Highlights: 
Arnold Sonchez w as three tor four and had two R B Is tor Ed inb urg 

E A G L E P A S S T O U R N E Y 
First Round 
A N T O N IA N 4, C R Y S T A L C IT Y J 
Antonian 
OOO oo4 o — 4 
8 
I 
Crystal City 
o1o IOO o — 2 
7 
I 
Miller, Zam arripo (4) and M ora; M e nchoca ond 
Trevino W — Zam orripa (23). L — M enchoca 

M C A L L E N 7, S E G U IN 4 
Seguin 
oo4 IOO 1— 6 
13 
2 
M cAllen 
6oo OOO I — 7 7 
2 
(None out when winning run scored) 
Keller, Fief (I) and Schram m , Noel and Satin os. W - Noel 
L — Frel (I 2) 
H R 
M cA lle n, D irk 
Pennington. 7th, solo (F irst pitch i i i inning). 

Consolation Semis 
M ISS IO N $, C R Y S T A L C IT Y 4 
Crystal City 
1o1 oo2 o - * 
IO 
4 
M ission 
o23 OOO x — 5 
8 
I 
S a n to s an d T re v in o . G o H e g o s a n d D ia z 
W 
Gallegos L -S a n to s. 
Highlights: 
Alfonso Santos and Joe G u zm an both had two R B I s tor C rystal City 

Winners' Semis 
E A G L E P A S S IO. A N T O N IA N o 
Antonian 
OOO oo — o 
4 
6 
Eagle P a ss 
o32 32 - IO 
8 
o 
(Five innings, to-run rule) 
Z om arrip o . H in o io sa (4). A rg u e llo (5) ond 
M o ro . E s p a r z a an d M o n c a d o 
W — E s p a r z a 
L — Z o m o rrip a (2 4) 
H R s — E a g le P a ss, M o n o 
Mendoza (I). 4th. two on 

Satu rday's Gam es 
V JO a in — Seguin vs. Del Rio, Noon — Ed m burg vs McAllen; 2:3o P rn — Antonian vs. 2 JO p in loser, 5 p m. — M ission vs. 9 3o a rn winner 
(Consolation finals).' / 3o p rn. — Eagle P a ss vs. noon winner (Cham pionship) 

R E G U L A R SE A SO N 
K E N E O Y 8. P L E A S A N T O N * 
Kenedy 
4o? TOI 1 - 8 
5 
I 
Pleasanton 
2o2 o1o 1— 6 
IO 
8 
Kisiing, Puellm *51 and Dumont/. H rbacek (7), 
Brow n and Sotello W — K isiin g L - Brow n 
Highlights 
Puellm had two singles and two 
R B I s (or Kenedy, while Sotello hod three singles ond five runs baffed i i i for Pleasanton 

Thursday's Gom es 
Boston IO, New York R angers 3 
St. Louis 4, Detroit 2 
Philadelphia 7, Cleveland 2 
Montreal 7, Colorado I 
Los Angeles 6, W ashington o 
Vancouver 5, Chicago o 
Friday's Gam es 
No gam es scheduled 
Saturday's Gam es 
New York R angers at Atlanta 
Cleveland at New York Islanders 
Boston at Philadelphia 
Chicago at Montreal 
Buffalo at Pittsburgh 
Detroit of Toronto 
Minnesota at St Louis 
Colorado at V a ncouver 

W O R LD H O C K E Y A SS O C IA T IO N 
Eastern Division 
W 
L 
T 
Pts 
G F 
G A 
Quebec 
39 
26 
I 
79 
289 
243 
Cincinnati 
33 
3o 
3 
69 
293 
245 
Indianapolis 
29 
31 
7 
65 
222 
247 
New 
England 
29 
36 
6 
64 
233 
264 
Birm ingham 
27 
38 
3 
57 
239 
251 x Minnesota 
19 
18 
5 
43 
136 
129 
Western Division 
Houston 
41 
2o 
6 
88 
267 
194 
Winnipeo 
37 
28 
2 
76 
298 
244 
San 
Diego 
33 
32 
3 
69 
221 
238 
Calaary 
28 
3? 
5 
61 
2o4 
217 
Edmonton 
28 
38 
2 
58 
194 
252 
Phoenix 
25 
39 
3 
53 
233 
312 x franchise disbanded 
Thursday's Gam es 
Edmonton 4, Indianapolis 3 
Friday’s Gam es 
Birm ingham 6. New England 3 
Winnipeg 4, C algary I 
Houston 5, Cincinnati o 
Saturday's Gam es 
Birm ingham at Indianapolis 
C algary at Cincinnati 
Edmonton at Quebec 
Phoenix at Son Oieao 

A Q U E D U C T : 
$25,ooo N e e d le s H a n d ic a p - 
Patriot's Dream ($6.oo). Wolf Ruler. M ock Corkle. 
Six furlongs in 1:1o. 
O A K L A W N P A R K : 
F e a tu re — M a x P rid e 
($7 4o), Peaceful Home. Bouche 
Six furlongs in 
I:13 3/5: 
H IA L E A H : 
Feature — Mount Sterling ($8.2o), 
Peppy Addy, Sabinal. Seven furlongs In 1:21 4/5. 
S P O R T S M A N 'S : 
Feature — C hocolate L a d y 
*$24.6o), L u c y 's Love, B a r k in g B r a ss . Seven furlongs in 1:2o 2/5. 
G A R D E N S T A T E : 
Feature — Delta L e gacy 
($28 8o). Proud Kenn, Real Terror 
^ 
O A K L A W N : 
Feature - Rom an Zipper ($9). 
Albert H R , Foneull Boy Six furlongs in I 
G O L D E N G A T E F IE L D S : 
Feature - Little 
Joker ($18), Firing Pie:e, It's Today. A mile In 
1:37 2/5. 

T r a c k 

H A R L A N D A L E R E L A Y S 
Friday's results 
G IR L S ' D IV IS IO N 
Long Jump — I. Gigi Heyland, Churchill, 15-11; 
2. Vicky Finch, Roosevelt, 15-7 (tie) Robin South em . Kennedy, 15-7; 3. L isa M cG orltv, Houston, 
15-6' ?. 
Triple Jump — 
I. Finch, Roosevelt, 34-9' ,’; 2. 
Vicki Pow ers, Clemens, 34-2; 3 Hevland. C h u r­ chill, 33 7. 
Discus — 
I. Vicky Pine, Churchill, 1o1-8' ?; 2. 
Paula Smith, Clemens, 96-1o'-z; 3 Owen Wilson, 
Jefferson, 96-8. 
High Jump — 
I 
Lorraine Persvn, M arshall, 
5 o; 2. Renee G uinn. C le m e ns. 4 IO, 3. (tic) 
Heyland, Churchill, Benito Cam pos, M cCollum and 
Stephanie McNulla, Kennedy. 4-8. 

SO UTH SA N 
9th Grade Meet 
Team: 
South San W est 118; M cC o llu m 113; 
Kennedy 69. 
128 Hurdles: 
J. Garcia, McCollum . 
18.2 44o Relay: 
South Son West, 48.o 
88o Run: 
J. Alvarado, McCollum , .2: 13.o. 
IOO Dash: 
R 
Totes, South San West, 11.2. 44o Dash: 
J Cortez, 
M c C o llum . 58.3. 
22o H u rd le s: 
B 
D a m e ro n , 
M cCollum , 3o 2 
22o Dash: 
M 
M e ve r, st 
Go ra rd s. 25.o. 
Mile: 
F. Torres, Kennedy, 5:o4 8 
Mile Relay: 
McCollum . 3:55 o. High Jump: 
J. 
Mendioia, Cenfral, 5-6. 
Pele Vault: 
L. Gonzales, 
St Anthony. 9 o. 
Lon Jump: 
D. G aribov, South 
San, 18 5 '4 
Shot Put: N Carroll, South San West, 
49 2 'I. 
Discus: 
F. Cardenas. Centro!, 117 6J*. 
Ayala 

E A S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Milwaukee 
22 
47 
.319 
21'/? 
Atlantic Division 
Pacific Division 
W 
L 
Pct. 
G B 
Los Angeles 
41 
24 
.631 
— 
Philadelphia 
39 26 
.6oo 
— 
Portland 
39 
29 
.574 
3’ ? 
Boston 
33 32 
.5o8 
6 
Golden State 
38 
29 
.567 
4 
New York Knicks 
3o 36 
.455 
9V, 
Seattle 
33 
35 
.485 
9'-? 
Buffalo 
26 41 
.388 
14 
Phoenix 
26 
4o 
.394 
I S', j 
New York Nets 

Houston 
Washington 
San Antonie 
Cleveland 
Atlanta 
New Orleans 

Central Division 
2) 
45 
318 
18'z 

W E S T E R N C O N F E R E N C E 
Midwest Division 
Denver 
42 
24 
Detroit 
39 
28 
Kansas City 
34 31 
Chicago 
31 
35 
Indiana 
3<L 

M ore 

 sports 

.6oo 
.591 
.$76 
.524 
.418 
.4oo 

.636 
.582 
.523 
.47o 
455 

 ivy 
5 
12 
13 

3 "» 
7»/z 
11 
12 

Thursday's Gom es 
New York Knicks 1o8, Portland 1o4 
San Antonio (o6. Cleveland 1o8 
Friday's Gam es 
Buffalo 95, Chicago 9o 
New York Nets 82, Phoenix 73 
Philadelphia 126, Seattle 122 
Atlanta IOO. Denver 95 
Houston 124, indiana 1o9 
Kansas City 114, Portland 112 
Los Angeles 94, Washington 91 
Saturday's Gam es 
Seattle af New York Knicks 
New Orleans at Houston 
Indiana at Milwaukee 

COMPLETE 
CB RADIO SERVICE 

WE SERVICE ALL M A K E S OF 
CB R A D IO S A ACCESSORIES 

• W ar r a n t y Station— M o s t M a j o r B r a n d s 

• First Class FCC l i c t n s t d Technicians 
. 

• latest 23 i 4o chnl. A M S S B / M o b i l e Test 

Equipment 

• 24 hr. Repairs in M o s t Coses v I*":,, °* 349-4465 

C o m m u n i c a t i o n s , E t c . 

 wins 

G o l f 
SAW G A 
Cham pionship Flight — M a rge Locke. 84 Cookie 
Belinsky. 86 14— 72; Ruth Stobie, 85 12— 73. L P 
Nett Carter. 32 First Flight — Sue Crum , 89 Helen 
M ille r, 9o 19— 71; H elen B aird , 92 16— 76 
L P , 
V e lm a F a ir c h ild , 32. 
T h ird F lig h t - H a z e l 
Schubauer, 94. Sally Lundgren, 1o5-32— 73; Helen 
Richwme, 1o3 29— 74. LP. Schubauer, 32. 
C A R P E N T E R S 
Carpenter's Course will hold its weekly pro-om 
Sunday. Entry deadline is 2 p.m. lla M o b a ll 
N O R T H W E ST L E A G U E 
The Randolph M erchants will ploy the Little Red 
Barn Saturday at 2 p m at Clemens. The M er chants will challenge the Southwest D od ge rs in o doubleheader Sunday beginning at 1:3o o rn. at 
Clemens. 

T r a n s a c t i o n 
* 

C O L L E G E F O O T B A L L 
SM U : named Louis Camobell, secondary coach. 

S k i i n g 

World Cup Downhill Trials 
Mon 
H E A V E N L Y V A L L E Y Nev. (A P ) - Tim es in the final day ot trials tor this w eekend's m en s downhill roces Friday 
I Bernhard Russi, Switzerland. 1:4o.3o 
2. E rn sl Winkler, Austria, 1:1:41.97. 
3 Peter W irnsberger, Austria, 1:42 28 
4 Ken Read, Canada, 1:42.36 
5 Rene Berthod. Switzerland, 1:42.39 
6 Peter Muller, Switzerland, 1:42.59. 
7. Josel Batcher, Austria, I 42 7o 
8. Erie Josi. Switzerland. 1.42m89 
9 Peter Fischer. West Germ any, 1:43 18 
1o Leonhard Stock, Austria. 1:43.59. 
Worn on 
H E A V E N L Y V A L L E Y , Nev (A P ) - Tim es in the final day of trials for this weekend s w om e n's W orld 
C ud downhills 
1 M arie There Nadig. Switzerland, I 42 /6. 
2 D o n s De Agostini. Switzerland, I 45.17 
3. 
Brigitte 
Hobersotter Totschnig, 
Austria. 
1:45 94 
4 Annem arie Mover Proelt, Austria, I 46 39 
5 Bernadette Zurbriguen, Switzerland, I: 46.88. 
6 M o n ie s Oborhoizer, Switzerland. 1:47.6/. 
7 *tie) M artina Ellm er, Austria, I'47.73. 
7 Brigitte Kerscher, Austria, I 47 73. 
9 Evi Mitferm aier, West G erm any. 1:47.82. 
1o Susie Patterson, Sun Valley, Idaho, I 48 53. 
H o r *** It a w in g 

BO W IE: Feature — Mr. H anrahan 137 oo). Irish 
Jimmy. Hasty Choice Six furlongs in 1:12 2/5. 
SAN T A A N IT A : 
Feature — Just a Kick ($4), 
Reining. Nona Lee. Six furlongs in I o9 I/S. 

Continued from Page IC 

Greg Adams in a bantamweight quarterfinal. 
San Antonio’s Felix Castillo lost a decision to Handy Garza, of Wichita Falls in the flyweight class and four other local boxers followed suit in their respective classes. 
The other area fighters who were eliminated are 1976 welter­ weight finalist Alejo Rodriguez, middleweight Derly Cirlos, light heavyweight Manuel Garcia and featherweight Juan Rodriguez, of Eagle Pass. 
All of the San ?\ntonio boxers were beaten on points except 
G arcia, who was T K O ’ d by 
T v e r ’s William Marshall in the second round. 

FO R T W O R T H (A P ) — Results of State Golden 
Gloves bouts Friday night 
F L Y W E IG H T S: Jam ie Garza. Brow nsville, dec 
Cleo C oron ad o. D a lla s. A d a m F ra n c o . C o r p u s 
Christi, dec. Jesus Montem avor, H ouston 
R and y 
Garza. Wichita Falls, dec Felix Castillo. San A n ­ tonio. Raul Canto, Fort Worth, dec 
Billy Perrie. 
Brownwood. 
B A N T A M W E IG H T S: Albert Fovetla, San Antonio, dec G reg Adam s, El Paso. Lope Suarez. C orp us 
Christi, stopped Anthony D avis. TKO-3. Le o n ard 
Brewer Wichita Falls dec Roger Smith, Houston 
Steve Mendoza, Fort Worth, dee 
M ike Garza. 
Brownsville. 
F E A T H E R W E IG H T S : Don Levario. Odessa, dec 
Juan R od rigu ez, San Antonio. C ra ig A dorns. El 
Paso, stopped Jessie Sierra. Corpus Christi, T K O 2 
Eddie Gonzales Dallas, stopped Bobbv Delo Rosa, 
Brownwood, T K O I. Bdigte Smith, Tyler, dec. Tony 
Tame/. Beaumont 
Lightweights: Bonnie Shields, Beaum ont, stopped 
Ram on Gonzales, Brow nsville, K O 3. F ra n k W ar fen. Corpus Christi, dec M arke y M artin. A m arillo 
Ruben Munoz. Odessa, dec. D ovid A ugust, Tyler 
Som m v Ayalo. San Antonio, dec. R ob e rt C hopa, 
Fort Worth. 
Welterweights Gene Hatcher, Fort Worth, dec Al 
Rodriguez. Son Antonio. Jerom e Ponder, E l Paso, dec Alvin Johnson, Austin 
Middleweights: Jim m y Bu/bee, Fort Worth, dec 
Derly Cirlos, San Antonio. N orris M cK inn ey, D allas. de c Wilford Scvoion Beaum ont 
Light Heavyweights: Jay Strickland, Fort Worth dec G reg Sin gle tary 
D a lla s W illiam M a rsh a ll. 
Tyler, stopped Manuel Garcia. San Antonio, TKO-2 
Heavyweights: Matt Adam s, Lubbock, dec Stan ley C orr, B row n sville P a r ris F lo w e rs. H ouston dec Charles Hostetter, Brownwood. 
Attendance— 2.885 

SALE 

BLK. I BROWN HIRONS, UCI, STRAPS 
NOT A U SIZES IN IV E R Y STYLE 

2 6 5 PAIR 

• MUSSACK 

• NUNN-BUSH 

• PORT-O-PED 

• WEYENBERG 

DEXTER 

VALUES TO *45, 
ALL ONE PRICE 
N O W O N LY 

CHECK HERE FOR YO U IL SIZE 

WIDTH 
7 
I Vt 
8 
I Vi 
9 
9»/i 
IO 
1o»/t ll 
ID A 
12 
12V> 
13 

AA 
4 
2 
I 
I 
I 

A 
2 
I 
3 
I 
I 
2 
2 
2 
2 
I 
4 
2 
3 
3 
8 
5 
8 
3 

C 
6 
9 
5 
7 
12 
9 
IO 
7 
21 
2 

D 
3 
3 
6 
2 
6 
5 
9 
7 
6 
13 
9 
6 

E 
I 
3 
3 
4 
I 
7 
3 

I 
EEE 
2 
2 
I 
2 
’4 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

BROOKS SHOES 

311 N. ST. M A R Y S 
PHONE 227-4934 
3o Umufet hee parking with pure hove et lexar County lank Forking Ut. 

College cage scores 

Friday s Results 
T O U R N A M E N T S 
N A IA 
Semifinals 
Texas Southern 69, G rand Vat lev St 62 
Campbell. N C. 76. H enderson 
St 52 
NCAA Division ll 
Semifinals 
North Alabam a 67, Col Tech 64, or ren o C h a tta n o o g a 76. N o rth 
Dakota 52 
NCAA Division III 
Quarterfinals 
Scranton 78. Wm Patterson 69 
AtAW 
Northeast Regional 
Second Round 
Springfield 66, M assachusetts 
64 

 vs. M c C o llum , l p m . L ee vs. 

N EW B R A U N F E L S 14, SO U T H W E ST ] 
Southwest 
OOO o2 — 2 
4 
4 
New Braunfels 
1 1 5 / o — 
14 
9 
I 
• Ten-run rule — five innings) 
Blair, Roberts (J) and Snowden. Martinez ond 
Villanueva W — Martinez (I ll L — Blair (I 21 
H R — New Braunfels. Martinez (2). none on in the second Martinez (3). two on in the third. Vthon ucva (ll. two on in the third 
Highlights 
Martinez went ihree tor three and nod tour R B is tor New Braunfels 

Queens TO, Verm ont 65 
S Connecticut 92, Bridgew ater 
6 
SI John s 69. Cortland 65 
Consolation 
Providence 6o, Phode Island it 
Connecticut 43, Northeastern 39 
Brooklyn TO, New H am pshire 55 
Maine 91, Cent Conn 78 
Monhatlanville 46. Bentley 45 
Lehigh 66 St Francis. N Y 62 
West Regional 
Second Round 
Wm Penn 9o, St Cloud SI 6o 

Luther 9o, North Dakota 56 
W is L a cro sse 93, Northwestern 
79 
Indiana St 75. Illinois Si 6o 
M ichigan St 75. Ohio St 63 
Mid Atlantic Regional 
Semifinals 
Si Joseph s 68. Montclair St A/ 
Im m aculatta 73, M arylan d 67 
Southern Regional 
Semifinals 
West Georgia 69, North Georgia 
SS 
Berry 83. Flagler 66 
Northwest Region at 
Boise St 67. Porflond St 58 
W estern W ashington 7o. M on 
Iona Si 5? 
HIG H SCHOO L B A S K E T B A L L 
Stole Tournament 
Class AAA A 
Semifinals 
D allas South Oak Cliff 66 B u r­ bank 54 
Fort Worth Dunbar 74. Houston 
Westchester 68 
C O L L E G E B A S E B A L L 
P A L M V A L L E Y T O U R N E Y 
A rkan sas St 4. M orningside o 
A rk a n sa s St 8. Northern Iowa o 
Friday s Gam es 
Texas 14. TCU I 
Texas A A M 4. SM U o 
Texas Tech at Houston, ppd. ra in ’ 
Baylor at Rice ppd. rom 
Coaches to meet in July 

DALLAS (AF) - The 
T ex a s 
High 
School 
C oaches’ Association will hold its annual schoolboy all-star basketball and football games here July 
27 and 
Jul y 
28. respectively. 

A SUPER SPECIAL 
BASS BOAT 

New 1977 Del M agic 15’ Colt Bass Boat with deluxe fold down fishing seats, livewell, rod box, and carpet. Equipped with Johnson 35HP Electric 
Start Motor and a Dilly galvanized trailer. 

WHILE 
THEY 
LAST 
283o 
OO 

 p i u s ta x a n d 
REGISTRATION 

SPECIAL CLOSEOUT 

PRICES 
ON ALL 1976 HOATS 
ANI) MOTOHS IN STOCK 

SPECIAL 15% DISCOUNT ON MOTOR TUNE-UP o n x s o x o n e > i x i a rn; o f f e r E M M k e s 

I hey. 
It 
7 
East al I A n t f t 
41South 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

R O C K Y 
'C ousin, C ousine’ fantasy ,mm 

I A A C A D E M Y 
I V A W A R D 
NOM INATIONS r rn 
P I C T U R E 
B ES T ACTO R SYLVESTER STALLONE 
B EST A C T R E S S TALIA SHIRE tf 
• i 
IV •1 % ' ' 
' / • • 
B EST DIRECTOR JOHN G AVILDSEN 
V 
\ 
B EST S C R EEN P LA Y SYLVESTER STALLONE 
B EST ORIGINAL SC O R E bu cont, 
B ES T SUPPO RTIN G ACTO R 

O H liH m A l ClW EIVIJLTHgATRCS" 
I NORTHSTAR E VERY DAY ’TU 1:3oRM ^T^>o 
San Antonio loves the comedy hit of the year 

MAMA tntATRI$ 

^J)(C£N tS a!T5rk7 
■ 
FR ta iMoeeiMr. ru m * J 
■CfRTfii MU 5MoMING CfNTfR 
1341 I2 E JI-------- 
NOMINATED FOR IO ACADEMY AW ARDS! 

 t i t!!|5-9:45 “ NETWORK” wcek! 

Ut.-SUM. MS-11S-5JS-MJ M S (R) 

DICK ANO JANI 

- EXCLUSIVE 12-2-4-6-8-1o 

“ TM I C A SSA N D R A C R O S S IN G ’* 
12:2o-2:4o-5:oo-7:2o-9:4o (R) 

&¥* 
J 
: 
M 
H 
M 
: .:ss:.. 
J 
. 
. v 

BURGESS MEREDITH, BURT YOUNG 

— NO W 
Exclusive! 
T 
United Artists 
■ MOX OFFICE OPEN 17:2o 

FEATURES 

SHOWING .(W R LAUREL ) 

V 231o SAN PEDRO - 736-4551 J 

12:4o-3:oo-5:2o 
7:4o-1o:oo P.M. 
NO BAE MAT or PASSES 
I MCCRELESS $1.oo ALL SHOWS AT A U TIMES mmmmmmnmmm nbnnrbsk i i SBM B11 '■11 Vr^ 
1 -mmi - - - - - -i-n- '■ y ■• ••J 

^ v # 2 £ r auma 

SAT. SUN. U :(S-l:lS-4:1 o 4 :o o 4 :o o-t:4 $ 
J 

★ NOW SH O W IN G * 
MICHAEL SARRAZIN 
“ GUM BALL RALLY 
FW.-MON. 7:4o-9:4o 
. 
SAT.-SUN.: 2:oo-3:55-5:55 7:5o-9:41 

99 (PG) 

By RON WHITE 

Anyone who’s had a fantasy about effortlessly leaving his or her spouse to run off with someone else is likely to enjoy 
“ Cousin, Cousine.” 
It is a romantic fantasy given a sort of semi-doc- tumentary look of rea­ lism by Jean-Charles 
Tachella’s script and 

R j e v i e w 

 direction. The style of the film at the Northwest Six is, in fact, more appealing than the sub­ stance; it is a thin gruel heavily spiced. 
“ Cousin, 
Cousine” 
(male cousin, female cousin) is about-Marthe and Ludovic, a woman and man distantly relat­ ed to each other by marriage. They meet at family weddings, funer­ als and birthday parties, and while their spouses are sneaking off to the woods for hurried, guilty grappling, Marthe and 
Ludovic strike up a plea­ sant, innocent friend­ ship. 

 l f HAPPY H O U ! DAILY 
■rn. mm.’ 

2:oo-4:3o-7:oo-9:3o 

A MOTION nCTURI HAS 
NCVfV SPREAD SO MUCH FEAR 

I J 9 4 M £ 

 o o » js P 
ITH RD AT IB IS SSI 7112 J g 

STR II SAHD • KRISTOPHER SOM 
I* A CT A IS IC D A D H ” 
I 

I STUPPY OP A BEW t 

THE 
CASSANDRA 
CROSSING 

1:o5-3rOS-J-o3-7:o3-9:o5 

THEY PUT THE BALL 
IN BASEBALL! 

During, Ikmgmma, 

 and IhHrnriyht Ik’t’-llyhlfulJ 

BILLY DEE 
JAMES EARL 
WILLIAMS 
JONES 
RICHARD 
PRYOR a 

X I H B a 
I 
AOI CIU* (OVER AO) 
I 

P 
NINOW* PAUK MAU 
V P 
“ ED i -------------- 

o 
J J A STARK BoRN^| 

* hSSZISQ :po1 i 

4 
12:3o-2:45-5:oo-7:1 5-9:3o 

 jm tr n s m 

1 2 :4 5 -2 :3 o -4 * I 5 

6 :o o - 7 :4 5 - 9 :3 o 

From Ralph Bakshi, m aster of anim ation, comes an epic fantasy in wondrous color. 
A vision of the world, IO million years in the future, where W izards rule the earth. And the powers of magic prevail over the forces of technology in the final hat tie for world supremacy. 

— - O LLIS — 
UH 
ION 
OAK Y 
MAB VIM 
HO VV AID 
OIIMIS 
“ TMI SPIKES GANG” 

o 
o 
oAm. 

> r t 
S ik o I ons 
T g S S S fW S ’* 

An epic fantasy of peace and magic. 

A RAI P H BAKSHI FII 
WIZARDS 

Seeing Is Believing 

 a. % 
► 

A LEADING ART WHOLESALER SELLS 
DIRECT TO THE PUBLIC 

ONE DAY ONLY!! 

NEVER BEFORE HAVE SUCH QUALITY ORIGINAL ART PAINT­ 
INGS AND FRAMES BEEN SOLD SO LOW ! SELECT FROM OVER 
2ooo ORIGINAL OIL PAINTINGS FEATURING THE W O RKS OF 
OVER 2oo ARTISTS — WITH A HUGE ASSORTMENT OF QUALI­ 
TY HAND CRAFTED MEXICAN FRAMES. 

ONE LO W PRICE PER SIZE 

SIZE 
ALL 8X1o . 
ALL 12X16 
ALL 16X2o 
ALL 12X24 
AU 2oX24 
AU 24X36 

ORIGINAL OILS 
$ 6.95— NONE HIGHER 
$ 9.95— NONE HIGHER 
$12.95— NONE HIGHER 
$12.95— NONE HIGHER 
$15.95— NONE HIGHER 
$19.95— NONE HIGHER 

FRAMES 
$ 6.45— NONE HIGHER 
$ 8.95— NONE HIGHER 
$1o.95— NONE HIGHER 
$1o.95— NONE HIGHER 
$13.95— NONE HIGHER 
$17.95— NONE HIGHER 

LOCATION: SHERATON INN— SAN ANTONIO, TX. 
EXIT AUSTIN HIGHW AY 
MARCH 13 11 AM-6 PM 
Busine** 81 
SUNDAY ONLY! 
Sale Conducted By ART WHOLESALERS ITO. (NO ADMISSION CHARGE) 

PERSONAL CHICKS— I 
HHS 

AT THESE FOUR THEATRES 
AZTEC 3 
NORTHWEST 6 
11:o5-1:15-3:25-5:35 
7:45- 
UA CINE CINCO 
1:oo-3:1o-5:2o 
7:3o-9:4o 

1:oo-3:1o-5:2o 
7:3o-9:4o 

UA MOVIES 4 
1:oo-3:1o-5:2o^ 7:3o-9:4o 

EVERY DREAM HAS A P R IC E ... 
HE PAID IT. 

 dee penner 

THI STORY OF A BOY’S JOURNEY INTO M AN H O O D 

 c o lo r 
, BRIAN KHIM RICARDO MONTALBAN 
SS 
] 

The Cassandra yi? Crossing 

I' d t A.r« tinlMiy Rrluv IrM ^ ‘ I 

Q C N C N A l C IM K M A CO R PO R A TIO N 
I* l a VA*1 

H H B k ZESZEZjH H P * " 

ENntRT/UNHBNT 

12:2o-2:4o 5:oo 
7:2o-9:4o 
2:oo-4:3o-7:oo 
9:3o 

412o Noco-Ptrrin 
7422 S.W. Military 
656-3454 
674-1351 

$1.21 
ERO AM TAJ 
2 OO P A* 
EVERY DAY 

KOKO* Vt 
S JC P M 
M A M O BANK GA*AGT 

237-5281 

I Callaghan 
: 
Twin '► 

4412 Callaghan 
434-6611 

DUSTIN 
HOFFMAN 

LAURENCE 
OLIVIER 

OPEN 11:oo AM 
"PA SS” 
11:35-345-7:55 
RUN 
2 :o o P .M . 
1 2o-5:3o-9:4o 

$ 1 .2 5 
TILL 

SNOwmc- txciusivi 

2 

SUPER 
MOVIES 

CHARLES BRONSON 
Farrah Fawcett-Majors 

MON.-FRI. 7:oo-9:1o 
SAT.-SUN 12:5o 

3:oo-5:1o 
7:2o9:3o 

Best 
Supporting 
Actor 
Laurence 
Olivier 

I Westwood 2 z 
Twin 
: 

4412 CallagHan Rd. 
4)Jo Naco Perrin 
7422 S.W Military 
434-6611 
674 1371 

^ J r'bJ 5 
11:o5-1:15-3:25 
2 :o o P .M . 5:35-7:45-1o:oo doe panting 

* STC WART M H V tm O O t »HODUCTlQN ~ 

E V E R Y O R E A M H A S A P R IC E . 
ME RAIO IT 

 iv % 
.% 
. 

( J 
UNUM UMMIt 

TH C STORY O R A B O Y’S JO U R N EY TO M ANHOOO 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 6 * * 6 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 6 6 6 * 6 6 * 4 

NOW!...TOGETHER FOR THE FIRST TIME! 

[pD^iscxs^feaE^csOt? o®i? 

PSYCHO ! 
'Dtos'DaaMS®!? 
EXORCIST! 

 r n . 
HOUX 

. 
. 
. 
M 
T 
K 

 m ile otan 

L 

•BAO I I AM* 1.1* t.MMMS 
N V H ta<2A-»r4e *.*S- MMM 
OI VIL— 7 :15- 1o:3o 
OSAO' - 9 io 5 

VIKKI! 

This beautiful lady is coming back to San Antonio to do something beautiful For you. And for Holy 
Cross High School. All proceeds from the show will help continue the permanent endowment for Holy Cross. 
An evening w itll Vikki Carr 
Benefit for Holy Cross 
Saturday, Mac268* 3op.m. 
Hemisfair Arena 

ADVANCE TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW BY MAIL 
Wnte The VTkkJ Carr Show. Holy Cross High School. 
426 N San Felipe. San Antonio 78228. or cail 43386oo 

Gold Qrcte 4 3o.oo 
Reserved* 1o.oo.66.5o,47.5oJ45.5o.43.5o 
General Admission62.5o 

I ICKL TS ALSO AVAILABLE 
AT JO SKE’S North Star Mall 
Las Palmas 
Alamo Mena 
Windsor Park Mall SEARS Central Park 
S.W Military Dove 
Romano Haza 

MARIE-CHRIST1NE 
BARRAULT 
. . . star of film ,.. 

Friendship slowly grows into love altlf?!|igh at first it is more an af­ fair of the stomach than of the heart as Marthe and Ludovic delight in raiding pastry shops to indulge themselves in one of their common passions, eating. 
Platonic 
While their spouses* 
Pascal and Karine, are having a passionate* quickie affair, Marthe and Lucdovic embark on a leisurely, platonic rela-. tionship. They indulge in minor revenges upon their mates. Marthe buys 
Ludovic the kind of loud necktie Karine hates, and 
Ludovic buys Marthe the type of floppy hat Pascal despises. 
At one point they en- ision their relationship remaining platonic the rest of their lives. If they do not sleep together, not only will they have’.no reason to apologize, hut they will amaze thiJt; fa ­ mily. “ We’ll be extraor­ dinary if only welslay that way.” 
And if Marthe and Lu­ dovic had staged that way, “ Cousin. Cousine,” might have been an ex­ traordinary film. But when Marthe’s and L u* dovic’s affair progresses into a sexual one — ail is perhaps inevitable, realistically 
— tlfen 
‘Cousin, Cousine’’ be­ comes a commonplace fairy tale. 
No conflict I 
It is a fantasy becasse 
‘Cousin, Cousine” vio­ lates one of the bajiic tenets of the storyteller’s 
ART: there is no substan­ tial conflict anywhere in the film. mJ 
The cards are stacked in favor of a happy, healthy adultery. The most obvious set-up is 
Karine’s and Pascal’s series of affairs that jus­ tify Marthe’s and Ludo- vic’s own infidelity. But even giving the film that situation as one fre­ quently found in reality, 
“ Cousin. Cousine" still makes it too easy for 
Marthe and Ludovic to live happily ever after. 
When their affair is in full bloom, the couple spend a family Christ­ mas celebration locked in a bedroom while the rest of the family is a only slightly agog at their go­ ings-on. Karine plays at slashing her wrists, but it is only play; when she accidentally nicks her finger, she abandons the idea. 
When Marthe and Lu­ dovic emerge from the bedroom, they announce to the others they’re leaving together. Martha kisses her young son goodby and the scene is presented with no mort) trauma than if his mother were going to the grocery store. 
No guilt 
The film is obviously iii praise of following one s own inclinations and passions without guilt, which is in itself lauda­ ble. But the film is der ceptive in that it suggests guiltlessness comes so easily. lf one w ants to act cpl 
“ Cousin. Cousine” as the fantasy it is, there are moments to enjoy in the film. 
The performances by 
Marie-Chnstine Barrault and Victor Lanoux as 
Marthe and Ludovic are pleasant and convincing. 
They are both slightly over-weight, not that clever or attractive, and their flaws add a sense of realism to the fantasy. ;• 
Guy Marchand is funny as Pascal, particularly when renouncing his string of girl friends and as he becomes the family drunk. 
Georges Lendl's phto- togruphy and 
Agues 
Guillemot s editing — capturing natural light­ ing and creating a frag­ mentary, haphazard narrative — are reminis­ cent of the fragments of life contained in home movies, a concept that reinforces the motif of the family that runs through the movie. 
"Cousin, Cousine" is rated it undoubtedly fur some nudity that is pre­ sented with a minimum of passion and a maxi­ mum of wholesomely#^. 

SA N ANTO NIO 'S LARGEST 
ANO FOREMOST 
FLEA MARKET 
OVER 15o STALLS 
• SELLERS FROM $3.OO/SPACE 
• FREE A D M ISSIO N TO PUBLIC 
EVERY SAT. & SUN. 
OPEN 7 A.M. 
Hundreds of Bargains & Fun for the 
Family. Snack Bar, Soft Drinks and Beer. 
SAN ANTONIO FUA MARKET 
1428 A U ST IN H W Y. 
828-1488 
(Between Broadway & Loop 41o) 

1 :1 3 -3 :2 o -5 :2 5 
7 :3 o -9 :3 5 
1 2 :3 o -2 :4 5 -5 :o o 
7 :1 5 -9 :3 o 

The Best 
Entertainm ent 
Picture 
Of 1977 

9 fz? JOTm CC B lu f f y -FOK 

Sothbarep 

R e s t a u r a n t 

The $29.5o 
Lakeway Escape" ii 

Special low rate of $29.5o per person per day, double occupancy, includes: 
• Accommodations overlooking 
Lake Travis 
• Breakfast (Choice of Menu) 
• Lunch (Choice of Menu) 
• Welcoming Cocktail 
• Unlimited Tennis 
• Unlimited Golf 
• Horseback Riding 
• Boating— water skiing, sailing and 
•Ashing boats 
Children under 16 half price if occupying same room with parents. 
Minimum two-day stay. Tax and gratuity not included 

For reservations call 261-66oo 

T i v i v & 
R e s o r t 

IQ I Lakeway D rive* Austin, Texas 78734 

Black forest 
Steaks and 
Seafoods 

I 
WE’RE FROM CORPUS 
\ 
Try Our 
Scrumptious Seafood 

OPEN 11:3o AJA - 11:oo PJI.; SAT. 5:oo-11:oo PJI. 
9226 Wurzbach Road at Data Point 
6 9 6 -9 1 1 4 

R iv e r to tu r n g re e n 

Anyone interested in* seeing a river turn bright green in the course of an afternoon should be at the north floodgate on the 
San Antonio River at I p.m. Sunday. 
You should also be there if your name Is an­ ything like O’Riley or. 
Shaunessy. 
For the ninth year, the riv er w ill be colored bright green in honor of 

Rio 
Ram blings 

St. Patrick’s Day, which is Thursday. 

The idea was conceived, by the association in 
1969, when 
Robert 
L. 
Frazer was director of 
Parks and Recreation. 

Since all activities in the Riverwalk Park have to have the approval of the park director, Frazer was called about the idea. 

F ra z e r rem in isced about the call at this week’s River Walk Ad­ visory 
C om m ission meeting. 

He remembered think­ ing of the possibilities of stained boat bottoms and the extensive testing that ensued to assure the sa­ fety of the dye product. 

The “ river dyeing” has since been written about in - m ag azin es and newspapers around the country. 
The St. P atrick’s river dyeing barge parade will begin at the north flood gaie and proceed to the 
Arneson R iver Theater, where an entertainm ent program is planned. 

★ Ar ★ 

River Square Market place will be the host to an exhibit by artists from the Mission Art Group this weekend. 
Along with the show, there will be demonstra tions of techniques in se­ veral m edia including sand painting, macram e and transfer art. 
On March 26 and 27 more than 125 paintings by members of the High­ land Art Group will be disp layed at 
R iv er 
Square. 
River Square is located at the co rn er of Com ­ merce and Presa Streets. 

1o ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS 
INCLUDING BEST PICTURE 
(BEST ACTOR-PETER FINCH#WM. HOLDEN 
BEST ACTBESS— FAYE DUNAWAY 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

-* ■ 
~- 
- ■ 
‘ 
~i.... -* ii wr~ — 
- - ' 
- in 
OPRIS l l AM -3 A M 
Paris-Rubb 
354 Hunter's Green 
, n f S i.f . M illU rv Hwy. • d u u M r Q ty Lim it.) 
PRR EJQ CPS 

492-2994 
IO Shapely Beautiful Girin—Feel Belter Fan! 

INTERSTATE 

S T E A K 

I 

R E S T A U R A N T S 

AND OUR JOLLY O X PUB 
Presents: 
“ M O R N IN G ” 

Appearing Nightly 
March 7th-26th 
Mon.-Saturday 8 p.m.-Midnight 
2831 Northwest Loop 41o 

For M o r o In fo rm a tio n C a ll 341 -7 2 4 7 

DINE IN BOERNE, 1885 
Step back in time, to a friendlier, easier pace. Join us for breakfast, lunch, dinner — cocktails, too. Our menu is varied, our welcome sincere. Come enjoy! 

O n Itta Plaza, l o a m * 
(C lo to d M o n .) I - 2 4 9 -3 o o o 

Presenting a 
Popular Demand 
Spec a1 Return Engagement 
“LIFEGUAMT 

Starnnq 
SAM 
ELLIOTT 

AIM E ARCHER STEPHEN TO U N G 

M RNER STEVENSON and KATHLEEN CHAMAN <• flandy hector i h mwiiOMn.' 
.✓’N IPG] 

Today ot 
NORTHW EST SIX n* »iw»«u .ar *>»■*»« »H4»m 
" T C S T ip if ly Ad 
Far Tima* A Folic I at 
\\JOE PANTHER" 
THREE FANTASTIC 
SUPERMEN" 
"MR. BILLION" 
COUSIN COUSINE 
'FREAKY FRIDAY" 
“PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN’’ 
1 
' ""moo 
■J \ ' ilm 

Today at 
CiNTUPY SOUTH m 
»* a t r a il* maul 
Chock display od 
■ISLilSm&M&maESmmSL 
NETWORK' 
MR. BILLION' 
THREE FANTASTIC 
« S 6r - 

’’FREAKY FRIDAY' 
“PINK PANTHER 
STRIKES AGAIN" 

| P? 
^NNI i t a l 

MR. BILLION" 

"ALEX A THE 
GYPSY' 

•AN PIO RO 
■mu KMM tenets 
Im S a . - t a n U 
«4« MW 

“THREE FANTASTIC 
SUPERMEN" 
"GODZILLA vs. MEGALON" 

"«m 1 "rn 
HW 4 mn 

’ MISTY avmOVBI 
EXPOSE MC LO VH T 
SOMETIME 
SWEET SUSAK 

^11:5o-1:5o 
3:5o-5:5o 
7:5o-9:5o m lf et IMO 419 e# 

W O I1N W I1I l i t 
BARGAIN MATINEE^ 
DAILY FOR THEATRE 
CAPACITY POR PIR ST 
PUtfORMAMCE OPRY. 

L A \ 
GnuifcGyuAlne^ 

3 A CAD EM Y AW ARD N O M IN A T IO N S 
INCLUDING BEST ACTRESS! 
, 
„ rn 

 p a mw: N O V IN W I IV t i l 
C l N H I W t o i l I H 
B J 

KTFM MIDNIGHT SHOW AT THE 
NORTHWEST SIX TONIGHT lf Brian De Palma scared Hell out of you with“C A R R IE ”don’t miss his other macabre shocker 
WunitWkwm 
: . r n 
J m 

. I U iMf 418✓ tilt 
144 UM 
* w «*4 P. 4 W 11 ie . 
824-482 ' 
8oTH IHI*TMS 12:oo^2:oo4:oo-4:oo-4:oo-1o:oo 
THG NtUKST WNWST PanTHCH OF AIL! 

PETER SELLERS. 
"THE PINK 
PANTHER STRIKES 
AGAIN" ss 

O IM O S 

TtKASVn OF TIB MUA MIMI' 
HUMPHREY BOGART, WAITER HUSTON 
11:55 4:oo 8:oo-PlUS 
"H C H I — IBA' 
HUMPHREY BOGART, IDA LUPINO 2:o5 6:1o 1o:1o 
STARTS MONDAY] 
■TWI IU HAWI H 
TNI CHAia OF TW LIGHT BMGAM 

STARTS WEDNESDAY 
TMI M ALTI i i FALCON" 
"DARK PASSAGE" 
COLONIES 

Bl AKI 
FDWARDS 

LUI I L l 
IN IO of W u n bo th ( u t 
69o 

 pd 
THE BIG PICTURES O N A LARI 
£ 
M ODERN, LUXURIOUS THEATRE O N 
^ 
THE BIG SCREEN FOR A DOLLAR! 

& RI M Paapla 33 flit Rites 
Ma Mpar to r ia d l minute 
1 W 
M 
WARNING 

£ 
PIUS AT 3 4 5 7 45 n M T jk 
Set 
2 
EASTWOOD amu $ 

*9 

/ J PAO* TH WIST ifX 
CINTUIY 
UNI VIK SAL % f 
11:548-1 58-3 5o 
5*5o-7:5o-9:5o 
1148-148-4*o 
448-84o-1o4o 
11:35-1:15-4:1o 
4:18445-1o4o 

SAN POMO 
V A R S IT Y 
‘NM. BILLION*' 7*3o-11 HK) “M I X ” 9:2# 

MISS FIESTA 
PRESENTATION 

MUNICIPAL 
AUDITORIUM 

Thursday, Mar. 
17th, 7:3o P.M. 
TICKETS $4.oo 

Haw ct jsska's Star**, 319 Mo 
Milk My., and at Municipal 
Auditorium an th* day st fk* shaw-, ar mali chack end ted add­ ressed stomped enveiepe ta festival San Jecmte Assn., 319 
Majestic My., TRIOS. 

 rn I t « 
4 )8 * 
( m m 
- I M 
*4 4 4 1 1 4 
» * * 
* . * * } * * * ? . 
12:oo-2 oo-4^oo 
12:1o-2:1o-4:1o 
6:oo-8 oo-1o:oo N O BAR. MAT. 6:1o *1 o 1o:1o 
ATH BIG WEEK 
AGREAT 
- NEW 
COMEDY 
SWITCH!! 

WALT 
DISNEY 
PRODUCTIONS' 

L I I i i x r n i i m i T 

ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY 

 h 
A 
R i f o i d 
I j a 
I I e t 

THEATRE FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 
SUNDAY, MARCH 13 
2.3o P.M. 

PRESENTED BY 
Tickets may be purchased at the Ballet Society Box Office, 
Executive Center Kogerama 
Building, 4438 Centerview 
78228, or Theater Box Office. 

S3.SO lo $8.SO. 

M a il « d . i» accepted. 

Ballet Society 

San Antonio 

 d« la 

 rn Macm hmm.* 

F O K T H E S A K I 
O F Y O U R S A M P Y * 

PRAY 
IT I S N T T H U E ! 

| 7 & L e | K & k 

 m o m 
. 

You may charge to Frost Brothers, Rhodes, BankAmericard or 
Master Charge 
________ 

Bus transportation from Alamo Heights 
National Bank and Wonderland reservations available at the Box Office. 
TELEPHONE 
732-81o3 

 to-»•*••• BM**.. «d 
4o4 *4 to 
“M isty 
Beethoven’' 
MUS 
‘‘EXPOSE ME LOVELY"!*) 

‘SOMETIME SWEET 
SUSAN" (X) 

CH ECK M Y 
O IL, B A B Y ?... 
I 
H 
A 
* 
TAM ED- 
I 
IL IK AliAN OsAOUiTONora^i 
H B v n r a T iiiK m 
BF ISI/E MEKMgBD 

A w t k E N i N q 

 ut A nnie <*, 
PW* 

1 4 « n d 
U N D E R n u t 
‘‘SIP THI WiNEV.) 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

N IC K LA U S tees off en route to Friday's 7o 

A P W IR E P H O T O 
Friday's D oral g o lf results 

AAI A M I (A P ) — Second round scores of p l a y e r s who m ode tho cut P rld av in the $2oo,ooo Dortil 
O pen G o lf T o u rn a m e n t on the 
7,o65 yard , par 72 Blue M onster course at the D oral Country Club 
(a denotes a m a te u r): 
Andy Bean 
67 67— 134 
L arry Ziegler 
69-67— 136 
Leonard Thom pson 
68 7o— 138 
D avid G rah am 
71-67— 138 
Miller Barber 
68 71 — 139 
Peter Oosterhuls 
7o 69— 139 
George B u rn s 
7o 7o— 14o 
Tom Shaw 
7169— 14o 
Brian B arn e s 
74-67— 141 
E d Sneed 
7) 7o— 141 
M ike Sullivan 
7o /1 — 141 
W ally A rm stro n g 
73 68— 141 
Gibbv Gilbert 
71-71— 142 
Jim Dent 
73 69-142 
Dave Stockton 
7o 72— 14? 
BHI G arrett 
69 73— 14? 
Tom Weiskopt 
73 69— 14? 
Bob E rickso n 
68 74— 14? 
GM M o rgan 
71-71 — 142 
Lyn Lott 
, 
72 7o— 142 
G rah am M a rsh 
72-7o— l l? 
M ike M cC u llo u gh 
73-69— 14? 
Phil Hancock 
7o 72— 142 
Jack N lcklau s 
7? 7o— 14? 
Bob M u rph y 
7o-72— 14? 
Chichi Rodriguez 
73 69— 142 
M ark H aves 
73 69 - 14? 
Orville M oody 
72-71 — 143 
LOU G rah am 
74 69— 143 
Jay H a a s 
71-72— 143 

Hubert Green 
John Gentile 
G a ry Baker 
Lanny W odkins 
Dove Elch elberger 
M ike W ynn 
G eorge Johnson 
Charlie Slfford 
R ay Floyd 
M ike M orley 
D ave M o rr 
Tom m y A aro n 
Al (Heiberger 
H om ero B lan c as 
Ch arles Coodv 
Bobby M itchell 
M ac M cLendon 
Tony Jacklln 
Bill Krafzert 
Tom Joyce 
Barney Thom pson 
Victor R egalad o 
M ike Reid 
Ben Crenshaw 
Jerry M cG e e 
Buddy Altin 
Florentine M olino 
Bob Lim n 
Ari W all 
Kerm it Zarlev 
Dale D o u glass 
Bill R o ge rs 
Bob Goalbv 
D ave Haber Ie 
Bob Zender 
M ike Stinko 
M ark Lye 

Babe Hiskev 
Keith F e rgu s 
Curtis Strange 
E d Sabo 
Johnny M ille 
Bobby Cole 
Bobby Eastw ood 
Peter Jacobsen 
D ove New auist 
Vincente Fernandez 
Lionel Hebert 
Pat Fltzsim ons 
D an Sikes 
Jim Colbert 
Laurie H am m er 
G a ry Koch 
Bruce Lietzke 

75 7o— 145 
77 68— 145 
73-73-146 
7 2 /4 -1 4 6 
73 73— 146 
7? 74— 146 l l 69— 146 
74 72-146 
74 72— 146 
75-71-146 
75 71 -1 4 6 
75-71 — 146 
72 74— 146 
73-73— 146 
ISIS — Mb 
73-73— 146 
73 73— 146 

TODAY 
DINNER 5 P.M. to 1o:3o P.M. 
Entertainment with 
UVE COUNTRY & WESTERN MUSK 
9:3o P.M. till 2 A M. 

PERSONAL APPEARANCES 

• GLENN CORBETT 
• SUM PICKENS 
• BIG JOHN HAMILTON 
• BRUCE HATHAWAY 
• JUD ASHMORE 
• JOHNNY MOORE 

3239 HARRY WURZBACH RD. at Austin H w y, d o te d Mondays 
8 3 4 * 4 4 4 4 
San Antonio's Only Country/Western Supper Club 
Now you can have a beautiful green lawn 

 without work or worry thanks to liquid fertilizers applied by a-Perm-o-Green. 

Bean bags 
2-shot lead 

A S S O C I A T E D P R E S S 
MIAMI — Andy Bean, who has a half-deserved reputation as an alligator-wrestler, splashed nine “ 3’s” across his card, composed a errorless, five-under-par 67 and stretched his lead to two strokes 
Friday in the second round of the $2oo,ooo Doral Open Golf 
Tournament. 
"It’s exaggerated,” the 
B-foot-4, 2o5-pound Bean said of his a llig a to r wrestling exploits during the PGA Tour qualifying school less than two years ago. 
Without exaggeration, however, his effort over the w indy, cloudy, 
7,oo5-yard Blue Monster course at the 
Doral 
Country Club ranked as near-perfect, lie didn't even come close to mak­ ing a bogey, hit every fairway and every green. 
Solid 
"A pretty solid round," 
Bean said of his second consecutive five-under- par score that gave him a 
3o-hole total of 134. 
"I just hope I get an­ oth er one to m o rro w ,” said Bean, who will cele­ brate his 24th birthday du rin g S u n d a y ’s final round. “ A win would be a p retty good birth d ay present," said the hard­ hittin g U n iversity of 
F lo rid a pro d u ct who h a s n ’t finished higher than fourth in his brief professional career. 
L a rry 
Z iegler. a three-tim e winner in ll y ears of to ur a c tiv ity , held second alone with a 
13o total. Ziegler credited his no-bogey, second round o7 to continued lessons from his close friend, form er M asters and PGA champion Dong 
Ford. 
Graham 
Leonard 
Thom pson and A u stralian David 
G raham were two more stro k es back at 138. 
Thompson shot a 7o and 
G ra h a m , one of the world’s leading players last year, closed up with u 67 after a 7o. 
Veteran Miller Barber and E n g la n d ’s P e te r 
Ousterhuis were next at 
138. Barber managed a 71 and Oosterhuls shot a 69. 
.lack Nlcklaus, the only man able to win against the youth movement that has dom inated the tour this year, had a 7o and headixl a large group at 
142. Defending champion 
H ubert G reen was at 
7o—143 
Lee T rev in o , on the co m eb ack from m ajo r surgery last year, also missed at 75—149. 

WORMS W ORM S 

ONCE YOU LEARN THE FACTS [ I 
YO U ’LL A LW A YS SPELL 
1 A 
W O R M S W ITH $. 

RAISING DOMESTICATE EARTHWORMS HAS BEEN NOTED AS 
THE FASTEST GROWING SEGMENT OE THE AGRICULTURAL 
BUSINESS. VFRSICUITURE IS A W S M B S W H K H U E M S 
ITSHF TO BACKYARDS, BARNS, ANO ATTRACTIVE PROFITS. i t TO lf THAT YOU LOOK INTO THE INVESTMENT ASPECTS 
OF BEING A REGISTERED GROWER WITH OHE OF THE 
WORLDS LARGEST WORM COMPANY 

 ta C A T T L E M E N — 
Se c o n d ary cro p profit 

* IN D IV ID U A L S — 
Part-tim e incom e ta B U S IN E S S — 
Ta* & profit a d v a n ta g e s 

A RETIREES & S T U D E N T S — 
Incom es. 

WE BUY UNDER CONTRACT 1oo% OF YOUR PRODUCTION A LIMITED 
NUMBER Of GROWERS ARE NEEDED THROUGHOUT THE COUNTRY, SO 
CAU OR WRITE TODAY FOR FREE INFORMATION ON HOW YOU TOO 
CAN GET STARTED 

W O R M ENTERPRISES INC. 
13948 IH35N. 
(512)653-514o 
"TM 
San Antonio, Ta**.* 78233 la % Z°' 

Upset 

LAKEWAY, Tex. (AP) 
— Vijay Amritraj of In­ dia utilized a deadly serve-and-volley game to recover from a first-set loss and stun favored 
Italy’s Adriano Panatta 
2-6, 6-3, 6-3 Thursday in the $2o6,ooo Tournament of C ham p io ns ten n is tournament. 
In another first-round match, Eddie Dibbs of 
Miami survived a match point in the second set and went on to win that set with a 7-6 tiebreaker to advance past host pro 
Cliff Drysdale 3-6, H-5. fi-2. 
Schedule 
Dibbs and A m ritra j meet in one quarterfinal 
Saturday, while Roman­ ian Hie iNastus and Ken 
Resew all of Australia are scheduled for the feature quarterfinal. 
The to u rn a m e n t is sponsored by 
World 
Championship of Tennis and Shakey’s Pizza. 

A greener lawn is what you’ll notice first— usually within IO to 14 days aftei we first spray your lawn. 
It will be greener because it is healthier. Greener because a-Perm-o-Green's nutrients are promoting a deep root system and strong stems and blades. 
You’ll notice something else tex), no chinch bug or grub worm problems because a-Perm-o-Green applies the correct insecticide at the right time— before damage is done. 
Join the thousands who are enjoying greener, healthier lawns thanks to a-Perm-o-Green applica­ tions last year. Your satisfaction is assured or you don’t owe us a cent. 

Why is a-Perm-o-Green so effective? 

Your lawn :s sprayed w ith liquid fertilizer specially prepared by a-Perm-o-Green to meet current soil, temperature and moisture conditions. 
Nutritional elements plus nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium are seasonally adjusted to promote the growth most beneficial at the time of application. 
Research proves that proper nutrition— rather than the soil itself— makes the difference between success and failure in creating a beautiful lawn. And creating beautiful lawns is what a-Perm-o-Green is all about. 

Average Cost? Less than $2o per application. 

Seems amazingly low, but a-Perm-a-Green is able to buy fertilizers and insecticides in quantity and pass the savings on to you. The average size lawn really 

 does average less than $2o per application— about the same as if you bought materials and applied them yourself (not counting the trips you’d make to the fertilizer store, the time and gamble over the correct mix to use. and the spreader equipment you’d have to rent or buy!) 

When do you join the program? Now! 

Over the next few weeks our lawn care profes­ sionals will take the a-Perm-o-Green trucks out to spray this year’s first treatments on lawns throughout this area. 
Make sure your home is one of our first stops Call us right now! r a-Perm-o-Green 
Lawn Spraying Schedule 

Spring: Balance** application in­ clude* nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium and Micro-Nutrients to give yow lawn a strong, green leaf and stem. 
Early Summer: Another bal­ anced application of fertilizers pius insec ticides for control of grub worms, chinch bugs, and other pests. 
Summer: Hot weather nutrients in seasonally balanced applica­ tion plus Inaacticidcs aimed al second generation chinch bugs. 

F all: Essential nutrients plus a winterizing application lo pro­ mote deep root growth and a helpful fungicide. 

Call today for Free Estimate 
Free Lawn Analysis 226-23*7 a-Perm-o-Green 

La wa of San Antonio, Inc. 
617 North Floret, San Antonio, Texan 782o5 

W B W E L C O M E 

Open 7 ’til 7 MON,-SAT. 

 aasootjm 
25oo Broadw ay I 218 S. W . M ilitary Drive 

N E W H O U R S 
AXON.-S A T . 1 o - 7 
FBI 1 o - jf 

RIYAL VA QT. 
CROCK POT 

GREAT 
AMERICAN 
FOOD 
PROCESSOR 
Turns a Cook into a Chefa 
96*. ' 

 w. filii ti 

WHILE THEY LAST 

The Gourmet’s Basic Tool. 
Us tile revolutionary new professor that everyone's talking about! A powerful countertop miracle .. it cut*, chops, pares, slices, blends It grinds meal And ice. It will turn peanuts into fresh, oozy peanut butter. See what it does for vegetables ... and sauces 
It also greotes cheese. It shreds And purees. The Food Pro ssor bos rapidly become the indispensable ourmet mochine ... versatile, work-saving, reliable, compact, fun! Truly, it turns o cook into a chef (baker? see what you con do with dough!) Sturdily constructed of General Electric 
Lexan .. it comes complete with 4 blades (3 of 

 stainless steel). v///& & DON’T PAY 
$225 FOR JA1 
A FORIIGN 
BRAND 
7 
9 
" 

B 
M 

. - s 
. 
^ ii I 
AMF.RICAX FOOD PROCESSOR 
J 

III 
Ii ii i rrr 
I 
Illy ut 

Soccer crown on line 
The first round of the 
South 
T ex as 
Youth 
Soccer State Champion­ ships begins Saturday at field scattered around the San A ntonio and 
Houston metropolitan ar­ eas. 
The playoffs resum e 
Sunday and the final rounds will be held 
March 19-2o. 
Among the San Antonio a re a boys te a m s traveling to Houston this weekend are the Falcons of Division A; Taco Ter­ ritory of Division B; the 
Bullets and Apollo of Di­ vision C; the Cougars of 
Division D; and the Billy 
Goats of Division E. 
San zXntonio g irls teams scheduled to com­ pete in Houston include the Devils of Division A; the Soxup of Division C; and the B obcats aud 
D&M Faucets of Division 
D. 

S O UTH T S K A S S T A T Z Y O U T H 
S O C C E R P L A Y O F F S 
Ait Son Antonio Arvo Cuttles 
A b b r e v i a t i o n * h , r p l o y i n g site*- 
M a tte Hood M cC u llo u gh 
A r e a 1 8 8 M 1 , 
O l i n a * 
B a v in 
Soar tv C o m p l e x (OB). Northnde s t a d i u m A r e a ( N S ) s a tu r d a y t C a m e * 
B o y * C o m p e t i t i o n 
Civ 1**oo A: 
S A Blue Knights 

 v s 
M o u t t o n Q u o i t V a l l e , 
2 p rn ., muz/ 
Otvttlen B 
C h a rg e 'o 

 v s 
T o r n a d o 
( 
JO a m 
, 
O B 
Division C: Blat*hawks vs (as 

 m a t 
I SO a m . , 
O B e v a r f H i w k * 

 v t 
S t 
F < a n i i t , i 
M i p m , O B 

D i v i s i o n O : l i n a b l e 
J o c k * 
T a r 

 n a d o 2 p n e , O B 
C H Y R u m * v t . 

A u s t i n 
C a n i m a n d o 1 n o o n . 
O B 
D ivision i t 
S A 
C a g l e * v * 
B o y A r e n 

F u m e t , I p m , O B 
T h u n d e r­ b olt* vt. A u ttin C o m o ro , I IO p rn , O B 
D iv is io n F 
S A 

T h u n d e r b o l t s v s 
A u t t i n n u t t e r , 
I p m 
. 
N S ; 
S A 
J o * k l t i d b i t s V * 

S A 
J e H . 3 
M i ii r n , N S 
G irl* Competition 
Division C 
S A 
F l a m e * v t . 

D i c k i n t o n 
G a t o r * . J o m 
N S 

D i v i s i o n O 
S A 
H o n e y h e e * v t 
Heu*tan 
Y e ltow iatke tv 4 e m ., 
NS 
S A Bye* 
The t a l l o w i n g s u n A n to n ia l»-i;m* drew first round bye* Bv a lim in g (tty d iv is io n a l ch an : 

 i n u n s t n u * M o tt w il l play Sunday against w inner* of 
Saturday 
Burnet 
B o y * c lu b * g u m m y bvt** in ­ clude S A 
Schw inn, A m e ric a n 
I ugion, N o rth y id e R a m * . R e d 

T h u n d e r , 
G i r l * te a m * in clu d e 

J a g u a r * a n d M a y t i e t d C a r k 

GREAT AMERICAN 
BURGER MACHINE 
AND SANDWICH MAKER 

COOKS 
HAMBURGERS, 
SMALL 
STEAK, 
HOT 
DOGS 
GRILL 

SANDWICHES: TOASTS BAGELS, MUFFINS: HEAT PIES LOCKING 

HANDLE FOR NO SPLATTER COOKING. EASY To-CIEAN NON­ 

STICKING COOKING SURFACE, AND DRIP TRAY 
DETACHABLE 

CORD. 
$ 
o 
9 
9 

1o4-oo3 
Sugg. Rat 15.95 

12oo WATT BLOW 
D R Y ER 

BUILT IN A E R O D Y N A M IC V E N T U R V E L O C I­ 

TY C O N C E N T R A T O R 

PERFECT 
B A L A N C E 
S U P E R 
L IG H T W E IG H T 

(O n ly 12 oz.) 

3 H E A T S E T T IN G S / 2 A IR S P E E D S 
Q U A L IT Y G E. L E X A N * C O N S T R U C T IO N 

Sugg. Ret 
$16.95 
1o4-oo4 

11OO W AH 
BLOW DRYER 

• 3 HEAT SELECTIONS/? AIR SPEEDS 
• PERFECT BALANCE AND LIGHTWEIGHT DESIGN FOR EFFORTLESS 
STYLING 
• QUALITY G.E. LEXAN CONSTRUCTION 
9 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS THERMOSTAT 
^ 
A A 
CONTROLLED HEAT 
M 
J f f f 

1o4-oo1 
Sugg. Rat. 14.95 
135o WATT 
BLOW DRYER 

• P R O F E S S IO N A L D R Y E R W IT H 
V E N T U R I V E L O C IT Y A T T A C H M E N T 

• S IN G L E T H U M B C O N T R O L S W IT C H 

W IT H 3 H E A T S E T T IN G S / 2 A IR 

S P E E D S 

• E A C H S E T T IN G A U T O M A T IC A L L Y 

A D iU S T S A IR S P E E D T O A S S U R E , 
P R O P E R R E SU LT S. 

• Q U A L IT Y G E. L E X A N * 
C O N S T R U C T IO N 
DIGITAL ALARM 
176-o1o-144o 

1o4-oo5 
Sugg. Reg. 19.95 

9 9 

Of I UK! DIGH Al ALARM CLOCK Lorge lighted leaf 

 type numerals are easy to se* in any light. 24 how 

 atorm system, with AM ond PM mottling*, tan be set 

 at IO minute interval* ItYOlviflg seconds indicator 

Whisper-quiet operation Modem brown rose with 

 block silver outline front. High impact styrene 3'6» 
7%*4Vy, 12oV, AO Hi. 

Sugg. Ret. 
$18.oo 
WHILE THEY UST 

 l l X , X , O K J P » . l 
AM/FM STEREO RADIO, A TRACK TAPE 

FLUS STEREO RECORD CHANGER 

■ tqBed Bd wet* m i WI Mw— nA ieir 

■ l i e n iw b .ta tv* MfcMM. Set— ii ken. beta. 
■ » WB* preyer ex* cete et ie e e el p,agreer retaking 
■ lee I" MI im p ta u reHei ipeekw tyUeeti 

 k e e n . 
! • * * * ! . « I IV * t i l * l l / U U 
* Se*taw*-1s^'XxU'n w i«H o e MI mm MR reterd cheefM e Meyi I rye*Vt (JI, 
4*. TR) I MX erg i*ee-ene. Hip ever Mybrt e P.KX 
1*1 ta *eR len til* etrybr Rex! H W • M u rm u r 
ISVr1*jP9i'1U»«W», 

S««| Retort 
$195 oo 

Merry Q A# ct pi 111 ac a 

ABE UMH TD 

Smet NO UkTAWATI *99 

9 
9 

 i L i i O y p s 
. 

DELUXE AM/FM STEREO RADIO 
I - TRACK FLUS BUILT IN RECORD 
CHANGER 

 tare* wttaeler U^ted made reeler ter *•*>'» Mete# tM i reetr.lt let (stere*. M e e t kern m i e t a * J I 
IRM* l r n mtbw f ter l < t e e *M*«t» AK let Anta tar** NR rw pti*. Arret* Kern* lee* pWy*« et* Itpkm* pr*wes> re- enema MI re t BR rw ered w ee* """* ■ 
I tee w ee*! es* ta. 
•WM trybn I net* iterefi trey u t WI n u KU lever 
At. . tmtab t i e r i*i**.,. l e i. lei « tpeekin, ••aberr 
••aper, md rep** we Wen* b R r t . n t Vr«/. *e eetam aep* ret weed teRteetr > Meet tatar K V M pl S 'V * if*. « iF v t u ir n e »os*"B 

‘ 
•v -~V 
7®" 

■ :'i 

 re 
: I 
4 rf I* 

 yr 

A tag 

| Sagg Retail 

$249.95 

18o-oo1 *129 

HOME CARE OFTEN CHEERS THE ELDERLY WHEN ILL 
H om em akers Upjohn offers a choice in medical care 

Home health care cuts recovery cost 

EXPRESS NEW S 
Scene 

March I 2 1977 
Page 
I -D 

By LOIS HAASE 
Medical costs keep spiraling until serious illness many times becomes a two-fold crisis — emotional and financial. 
“ Families need to take a careful look at th e ir co v era g e for m ed ical e x ­ penses,” Charlotte Anzalone, director of consumer affairs for Homemakers 
Upjohn says. “ Hospitalization costs can financially wreck a family. Home health care is an alternate plan for illnesses that do not req u ire e m e r­ gency or diagnostic equipment.” 
The national d irecto r was in San 
Antonio from her home office in Kala­ mazoo, Mich., to spotlight the local office of Homemakers Upjohn in our city. Many San Antonians are unaware of this optional professional health care service in the home. 
In fact. San Antonio has three dif­ ferent services available. A H om e­ m aker-H om e Health Aid Service is available to keep the home and family functioning on a temporary basis. 
The V isiting N u rses'o ffers reg is­ tered, p ractical nurses and n u rse ’s aides — also on a limited basis. 
And Homem akers Upjohn is a pri­ vate agency offering licensed person­ nel as hom em akers and health care workers. They are available on 24 hour or part-time schedules to work around family mem bers caring for a patient. 
Patients convalescing, who need rest 

CHARLOTTE ANZALONE 

 and personal care more than actual medical treatments, often recover as well at home. Paying a large hospital room rain which includes the cost of emergency and life-susiaimng equip­ ment may be a senseless expense. 
Since many insurance policies and legislation force patients to be hospita­ lized in order to receive payment, medical and insurance costs keep ris­ ing 
“ We offer the public a choice.” Mrs. 
Anzalone savs. “ We believe there 

 should be an option on the type medical care you want or need. 
“The public also needs to express their opinion on insurance and federal medical program s. If more people insisted on coverages for home health care service, medical and insurance costs could be held down.” 
Often a mother stays in the hospital because she isn’t able to care for lier family at home. With homemaking help, she could return home. A savings would be made and she will be happier with her family. But if insurance doesn’t cover home care, she may be forced to stay there for financial rea­ sons. 
About six states so far have made legislative moves to make home health care possible under insurance and federal plans. Texas is not one of these. 
Unaware 
“ I’m always amazed when I travel,” 
Mrs. Anzalone says. “ Many doctors and others in the medical field seem to be unaware of community resources for home health care. Hospitals are slowly adding discharge planners or coordinators who work with the doctor, patient and patient’s family. 
“ Of course planning assessment of the home care program is vital. Spe­ cial equipment and reliable qualified personnel must be lined up before a move is m ade.” 
Often the elderly or terminally ill can be cared for at home. They are content 

 and happier than in an institution. But without proper care, this is impossible. 
This is where Homemakers is ready to step in. Thev have part-tim e or full-time proiessionai or semi-profes­ sional help with a plan tailored to fit individual needs. Sometimes only night care is needed. Another family may need day care only. 
“ Homemakers Upjohn at 1222 North 
Main Avenue is a subsidiary of Upjohn 
Pharmacy wljich has been in the Peo- ple-care business for IOO years,” she says. 

Rethink 
“ We think health care insurance needs to rethink the general overall program and come up with better ser­ vice for consumers who could use home health care,” Mrs. Anzalone says. 
“The federal government is studying 
Medicare and Medicaid coverage — perhaps changes will be made in this arna.” 
P re se n tly h o m e-care p ro g ra m s which are for-profit are not covered by 
Medicare and Medicaid in Texas. 
The Homemakers idea is one tha* stands for good quality care — but without institution prices. 
“ We’re not saying hospitals are not needed,” Mrs. Anzalone says 
“ Of course, they are the only answer to many medical and health problems. 
But what we are saying is that for some health problems there is an alternate plan." 
Farrier s job is shoe-in 

FROST BROS. 

7217 &ourvF*ejcttu&- 
3*1 * 214 - 1’ 
TWO BLOCKS SOUTH OS CINTRA!. PARK MALL______ 

 weighs 2o5 pounds. He played football for John Marshall Sen­ ior High until a neck injury ended his football career. 
“ It helps to be strong when you have a 1,3oo pound horse fighting you,” he said. 
There is a one-fourth inch wall around the edge of a horse’s hoof. The furrier fas­ tens the shoe to the hoof by driving nails into this wall. 
Scott drives the nail up to two inches into the hoof, clinches it and rasps it down. He cannot shoe horses after dark because he needs good light to level the hoof and Hue up the nails. 

Vt est Texas 

Scott started learning to shoe horses at age 9. His uncle who owns a ranch in West Texas taught him. Scott, in turn, is te a c h in g the tra d e to his brother. Norman, a student at 
John Marshall Senior High. 
“ One of the hardest things is learning to shape the shoe to fit the horse’s foot. Each foot is a different size and shape,” Scott said. 
People who ride in parades often have Scott mount barium, a porous metal, on the horse shoe so it will dig into the pavem en t. R a n c h e rs s o m e ­ tim e s want cork on h o r s e s ’ shoes to improve performance. 
Scott operates his mobile bu­ siness from a truck. His vehicle is loaded with about 3(Hl pounds of horseshoes, anvil and tools, ready to make house calls. 
The truck also has a CB radio which Scott uses to get direc­ tion to horse owners’ ranches. 
Every day Scott drives about 
2<MI miles. 
2o minutes 
Although his fee is the same for every horse, the time re­ quired to shoe a horse is not always the same. It takes Scott from a minimum of 2(1 minutes to shoe a good horse up to one and a half hours to shoe a bad one. 
Scott owns a quarter horse. 
Top Deck Dexter, of the Top 
Deck blood line. 
Scott will complete his agri­ culture courses at San Antonio 
College this spring and go to 
Southwest Texas State Univer­ sity this fall to major in animal husbandry. After graduation, he hopes to get a job with the fire department. 
Cake show set at mall Saturday 

Central Park Mall and 
F ro stin g C re a to rs are presenting their second annual cake show at the mall. The show ends Sa­ turday. 
More than KIO entries are fe a tu red and a re competing in five cate­ gories including holiday, 
Easter, novelty, wedding and a n n iv e rs a ry , and special techniques. 
Demonstrations of gum 

Commission to hold meet 

The Mayor’s Commis­ sion on the Status of 
Women will m eet at 3 p.m. Monday in the Con­ feren ce Room of City 
Hall. 

The meeting is open to ttie public. Persons who want to a d d re ss the council should contact 
Yolanda H ernandez at 
City Hall. 

 paste flowers, marzipan molding, figure pip and creativity with chocolate arc being featured 
The public is im ited tu vote tor their favorite cake entry. 
A film also will bt shown th ro u g h o u t the day. love is 

...Ix'inq (jenile with 
I her w hen you (jct a huge plum e bill. 

I IM A., ll i H i .« 
I 
<£ WTT ta* *><«»«• !“* • 

 toclav. 11 :(H) ie) 4:oo, north star mall, see informal modeling til spring & summer looks in one and two-piece dresses, pantsuits, jumpsuits, short and casual long dresses, all for o lo 2o sizes, meet mr. jack’s fashion envoy, here lo assisi you with selections, the collection, 4o,(X) to 7o.oo, studio four. 

BACK WRAP SKIRT 

SPECIAL 

SOLIDS & PRINTS 
WASHABLE . . . 
1 DACRON & COTTON 
ONE SIZE FITS ALL 
COMPARE AT $16.oo 

Bv EDNA MCGAFFEY 

One who shoes a horse is not a blacksmith. He is a farrier. A blacksmith fashions iron. 

Scott Overlcy, who is work­ ing his way through San An­ tonio College shoeing horses, brought me up-to-date on this. 
“There used to be four or five 

 farriers in this area. Now there are about 2o.” Scott said. 
The horse population is in­ creasin g anti m ore men are becom ing f a rr ie r s , he e x ­ plained. 
“ The young men work part time. It’s a hard way to earn a living, but great for working your way thro u g h sc h o o l.” 
Scott believes. 
Business is inconsistent. It’s brisk prior to the San Antonio 
Stock Show and during the 

 summer, but slow during bad weather, he said. 
Ranchers 
Locally, Scott shoes mostly pleasure horses. Out from town he works for ranchers. 
“ It’s unbelievable how' strong horses are! You have to know what you’re doing,” he said. 
Every now and then he gets kicked, but one gets good at staying out of the way, he said. 
Scott is 6 ft. 2 inches and 

SCOTT OVERLEY WORKS HIS W A Y THROUGH COLLEGE 
...shoeing horses is a good p art-tim e trade ^ o »v urn camail' 

SHOW 

MR. JACK 

Rushing to marry a mistake 

Dear Ann Landers: 
Ten years ago when I was 2o, all my friends were getting married. I was afraid i’d be an old maid so I said yes to a guy I'd known for two months. 
Rod was very sexy and 
I was dumb enough to think the thrill would last forever. 
We had a baby ll months later. Then the fights sta rte d . We a r ­ gued about everything from how to celebrate holidays to how clothes should hang in the closet. 
It wasn’t long before 
Rod suggested swinging with another couple. It was very exciting, so we joined a club and contin­ ued to swing with two and three couples at a time. 
The tro ub le sta rted when Rod fell for one of the women. I didn’t care for her husband and he didn’t like me. 
Rod refused to give this woman up and I re­ fused to have anything to do with her husband. So the fight was on. Now our marriage is a mess. 
We have no respect for each other. We stay to­ gether because I’m not trained to work outside the home and I have a nine-year-old to raise. 
I am not asking for advice, Ann. I just hope you will print this letter. 
Perhaps it will prevent some other young girl from rushing into m ar­ riage with a stranger. It was the m istak e that ruined my life. — Only 
3o And All Fouled Up 
Dear 3o: 
Here's your letter — and a sad one it is. T h irty is aw fully young to write your life off. Get some counseling and investigate the op­ tions. (There are many.) 
I wish you luck. 
Party 

Dear Ann Landers. I’m 
15 and very respectable 
Last Friday I met this boy at a party. We liked each other at first sight and he asked if he could drive me home 
Two other couples piled into the car and suggest­ ed we go for a ride. The moon was full, so Ted 
(my new friend) decided to park for a while. He kissed m e five or six times. 
One of the girls in the back seat, it turns out, has a very big mouth. She spread it all over school the next day that Ted and 
I were making out like crazy. I say five or six kisses is not “ making out dike crazy." 
How m any kisses should lie exchanged be­ fore a girl can Im* right­ fully accused of making 

 i i rn 
Dr. 
Raymond 
1 ^ * * 
Moody, a philosopher and physician, delving deeply into the question in the forefront of man's mind since his existence, analyzes case histories of persons who have been pronounced clinically dead. 
He finds an amazing coincidence in their accounts of leaving their physical bodies with an aw areness of at­ tempts to keep them alive, encounters with a "being of light" who reviews their lives in a panoramic montage, and their "coming back" to the mortal world . . . 
CONTINUES IN THE NEWS 

Landers 

 nut like crazy? — 
Still 
Decent 

Dear Still: You might as well ask me how many angels can dance on the head of a pin. A girl who hands out am m unition has no right to complain when she gets shot. Cool it, kiddo. 
Common sense 

Dear Ann Landers: 
I know you don’t specialize in etiquette, but you have common sense and that's what I need. 
My grandparents are giving Rob and me a substantial sum of money as a wedding gift. We’ve been told the check is in the mail. 
Rob’s m other says a check should never be displayed with the gifts. 
My m o th er th in k s we should display only the envelope. What do you say? — Bethesda, Md. 

Dear Beth: To display a check would be vulgar. 
To display an empty en­ velope makes no sense. 
You could, however, tell friends and relatives that your grandparents gave you a lovely check — and skip the amount. 

THE SECRET 
LIVES 
OF THE OIL 
SHEIKHS 

ORIENTAL RUGS 
Fine Collection of IS etc and Antique Rugs. Experts 
Available to Assist With Your Selection. Friday, 
March lith through Tuesday, March 15th Daily IO to 8, Saturday IO to 5, Sunday I to 5. 

LOOP 4 1o N 

Find out what life is like for the men and women whose lives have been changed by oil wealth from British jounalist Linda Blandford 
* who climbed into the 
^ v walled gardens of Arabia 
~ and learned it first hand. 
From her new book, SUPER-WEALTH: THE SECRET 
LIVES OF THE OIL SHEIKHS . . . 
CONTINUES DAILY IN THE EXPRESS 

Half and Larga Size fashions 

ANTIQUES TOMORROWS 
Clubs and 
Spades 

From Steuben glass and Art Deco to beer cans and baseball cards, just about anything that can be carried off is being collected today. This series not only tells beginners what they can collect but suggests where to look for it, how to determine its value and what pitfalls and possibilities the collection m ay have! 
CONTINUES IN THE 
EXPRESS 

MONDAY 
1:3o p.m. RIVERSIDE 
GARDEN CLUB. in 
Highland Terrace Meth­ odist Church. Mines. J. 
E. Whit ted, A. F. Altwein and M. A. Dtedrichs will be hostesses. Plant and card sale set. Program will de on "Planting a 
Spring Garden " 

WEDNESDAY 
9:3o a rn SAN ANTON­ 
IO GARDEN CENTER. in the San Antonio G ar­ den C en ter b uilding 
P lant sale is at 9 a ni. 
Mrs. Cleo Lux de A rre­ dondo will present “ Hap­ piness is M aking Your 
Own Container." Hostess clubs will be Japonica, 
M istletoe. San Antonio 
Hemorcallis Society and 
Shasta Garden Club. 

THURSDAY 
9 a m. WHISPERING 
OAKS GARDEN CLUB, in the hom e of M arge 
Green. Mrs VV.J. Shep­ pard and Mrs. John J. 
T h o m as will p resen t 
“G a rd e n e rs Love Bro- meliads." H ostesses will be Susan E rn st, JoAnn 
Baer and Alice Rogers. 
19 a .rn 
SYI \ \N 
GATE GARDEN CLUB, in the hom e of M rs 
J a m e s 
F. 
C hapm an 
Mines. Ralph Marx and 
Lloyd VV' T h ack er will serve as cohost esses. 
Program will be “ Basic 
I Flower Arranging." 

S IZ E S 3 8 t o t 6 
Spring separates made for each other! 
The difference is Trevira® 

 a* A UU Hilll n u I VHIV w I lllliai 
★ PRESIDENT CARTER S CAMPAIGN TO ‘CLEAN UP" 
WASHINGTON 
£ THE PASSIONATE LETTERS MEN WRITE “CHARLIE'S, 
> ANGELS" 
/ 
★ “ROOTS" AUTHOR ALEX HALEY TELLS JOHNNY 
N 
CARSON. “YOUR ANCESTOR SOLD HIMSELF INTO 
SLAVERY.™" 
_ 
Coordinated ne pa rates to mix and match and that m ake you glad that spring is here. la*ft. a roll sleeve shirt jar iii black. STB. matching skirt. $ 2 3 . and a print shirt with it s own scarf, iii b la c k /y e llo w , $ 2 6 . Hight, a miter striped jacket in b lac k /y e llo w . $ 3 8 a pant in black or yellow, $ 2 2 , and a cowl neck shell in yellow, $ 1 9 . All iii eaay-earc 
T revira" polyester. 
By Personal ll 

AND MUCH. MUCH MORE 
THIS SUNDAY IN THE 
^ EXPRESS-NEWS! A 
CALL 225-7411 
/ A mm. t o s u b s c r ib e 
Mm, 

O K D t K B Y M V I L O K P R O N K 2 2 
VU 5 ' i 
I d m l 1 > U f u r 11 a n il I nip; 

NO. M VIN AV E. / M M U ARY DR PLAZA 
NORTH ST AH M VIT. / WONDERLAND 

San Antonio EX P R ESS-N EW S— 
Saturday March I 2 I 977 

Jogging good for women of all ages 

S. C. McAdams gets a shoe shine from M ary Paveglio during a fashion preview of Johnston and Murphy shoes for men at Sid 

Robbins Clothes. 
PHOTO BY RON JON IS 

D EA R DR. LA M B - I would like to know if jogging is a good recom­ mended exercise for wo­ man as well as men? A friend told me it wasn’t good for women. 
D EAR 
R E A B E # 
_ 
Jogging, trotting, walk­ ing and such exercises are good for men and women of all ages if they are in good health. 
I can ’t im agine why anyone would tell you jogging would be good for men but not good for women. 
The truth is that be­ cause women are less in­ clined to have heart and vascular diseases than men they have less dangers of getting into trouble jogging than men do. 
Sensible 
Women are also less inclined to be competitive to the degree men are. 
That means they are more sensible about how they exercise. 
You won’t find the ma­ jority of women racing the clock to better their time every time they run. 
I think women are more inclined to jog or run for pleasure than they are for the score. 

YOUR 
HEALTH 

B y L A W R E N C E 

E. L A M B , M . D. 

The biggest danger in jogging is overdoing it before you are trained to that level and trying to improve your life time. 
It’s the distance you jog at a comfortable rate, not the speed, that really benefits your health. For more information on jog­ ging and its relation to health and dangers send 
5o cents for The Health 
Letter, number 4-2, Jog­ ging. Exertion, Sudden 
Death. 
Send a long, stamped, self -addressed envelope for m ailing. 
Address your letter to me in care of the Express, 
P.O. Box 2171, San An­ tonio. TPX. 78297. 

Saturday— Last Day 

After-Inventory 

 in-the-store 

Save 4o to 7o % ! 

Contemporary Chrome Lounge Chair. Sus­ pended sling style with sleepy-hollow com­ fort. Natural hand-woven cotton cushions. 
Reg. 229.oo ...........................N O W 
$ 1 3 9 

Italian Provincial Dining Room, 38x44 oval table with 18" leaf. 4 side, 2 arm chairs. 
Antique yellow finish. 
Reg. 1149.oo .................... 
N O W $ 5 7 4 

 lane Contemporary wall unit. Olive ash burl. 
3 adjustable and 2 fixed wood shelves. 
Large 3ox16x74 size. 
Reg 3o9.oo ...........................N O W 
$ 1 4 9 

Hickory Tavern Traditional 
Lounge Chair. 
Roll-arm style, reversible seat and back cushions. Yellow/green/white fabric. 
Reg. 289.oo ...........................N O W 
$ 9 9 

Rattan OccasionalChair. Natural finish study rattan and woven peel-cone construction. 
Reg 175 oo ...........................N O W 
$ 7 9 

Tuxedo Style Sofa and Matching Loveseat. 
Reversible seat and back cushions, skirted. 
Patterned green/blue striped fabric. 
Reg. 1o98.oo ........................ N O W 
$ 4 9 9 

Wassily Chair with gleaming chrome frame, and genuine leather seat, back, and arm slings. 
Reg. 3 1 9 .o o ...........................N O W 
$ 1 5 9 

Thomasville 5-Pc. Traditional Dining Room. 
45x68" oval table with two 2 o " leaves. 2 arm and 2 side chairs. Ant. white with yellow and green trim. 
Reg. 1289.oo ......................N O W 
$ 6 4 4 

Thayer Coggin Parson Style Chair. Classical contemporary style, upholstered in an ab ­ stract design print fabric. 
Reg. 369.oo ........................ N O W 
$ 1 8 4 

Century Occasional Chair. Barrel-style, on casters for eosy mobility, " t " seat cushion. 
Blue/green/yellow cotton print. 
Reg. 3 1 9 .o o ........................ N O W 
$ 9 9 

Thayer-Coggm 
IO O " 
Contemporary 
Sofa. 
Puffy reversible seat and back cushions. 
Chrome-framed end panels. Woven textured earth-tone upholstery. 
Reg. 1o59.oo ......................N O W 
$ 4 9 9 

Hibriten “ Traditions I" Kingsize Headboard. 
Beautiful cane-back style in Corinthian finish. 
Reg. 349.oo ........................ N O W 
$ 1 4 9 

Sheraton Style Server by Weiman. Four- piece diamond matchine Prima Vera veneer top 
Reg 419 O O ........................ N O W 
$139 

PARTIAL LISTINGS— M A N Y , M A N Y M O RE ITEMS REDUCED! 

All Sale Items 
Subject to Prior Sale 

O PEN DAILY IO TO 6 
THURSDAY ’TIL 9 
TREND 
HOUSE 

 located in Colonies North Shopping Center; 
Take IN-IO North, exit at Wunbach Road 

• Master Charge 

• BankAmericard 

• 9o Day Charge 

K id n e y s 

DEAR DR. LAM B 
- 
Many members of my fa­ mily have congenital po­ lycystic kidneys. I cannot find any information on this disease. Can you help me? 
D E A R R E A D E R 
- 
This is a fairly rare dis­ ease. The figures vary 

 but for about every 5oo autopsies one case of cystic kidneys is found. 
Because of an inherited or developmental abnor­ mality the kidney has a number of small rounded cysts in it. These are usually associated with enlarged kidneys. 
Sometimes these can be felt on physical exa­ m ination, in other in­ stances they are first noted by an X-ray of the abdomen. 
When relatives are all carefully studied usually about half the relatives of a patient with polycystic kidney also have the dis­ ease. 
How much trouble it causes really depends on how much damage there is to the kidneys. 
If there are a few small cysts and the condition is first observed in adult life the outlook may be fairly optimistic. 
However, the more cysts there are and the larger they are the more likely the kidney function will be impaired early in life. 
These patients may have sudden painless bleeding in the urine or they may have high blood pressure and other evi­ dence of impaired kidney function. 
The treatment really is medical in attempting to control high blood pres­ sure and provide general good health particularly protecting against infec­ tions. 
Interestingly enough 

 restricting the salt in the diet isn’t p articu larly helpful in people with this problem. 
Some individuals with polycystic kidney disease also have cysts of other organs in the body. 
But if general good health is present and the kidneys become suf- ficently diseased that they are not providing adequate function then such techniques as an artificial kidney or even kidney transplants can be considered. 

'N 

Where to go 
What to eat 

B y Ja n e I'lb r k h 

Jane L'lbrich is on vacation. Her column will resume Saturday, March 19. 

W edding and engagement forms available in the 
W om en s Department 

LONELY 
“ “ C A R E 
226-4443 

Parties fete b rid e -e le ct 

Mary Gayle Isom, who will marry Richard Stan­ ley M iller Saturday in 
Coker United Methodist 
Church, has been feted at several parties. 
Mr. and Mrs. Stanley 
I). Miller were hosts for the rehearsal dinner F ri­ day at the Country Corner 
Restaurant. 
Mrs. Franklin Dacy and 
Mrs. 
Roy 
Works of 
Boerne honored the bride-elect with a kitchen shower in the home of the latter. Mrs. M. F. Cox 

 was hostess lor a tupper- ware shower in the home of Mrs. Cliff David. 
A bunco party and miscellaneous shower were held in the party room of Fox Run Apart­ ments with Mrs. Cindy 
Dexter, 
M iss 
J i l l 
Singleton and Miss Del- ma Jo Castillo as hos­ tesses. 
Mrs. James O’Dell and 
Mrs. Art Steele were hostesses for a linen and kitchen shower in Mrs 
O'Dell’s home. 

Z o n t a ( H u b s c h e d u l e s t e a 

Zonta Club of San An­ tonio will hold its Silver 
Tea from 3 to 5 p.rn. Sun­ day in the Com merce 
Room of the National 
Bank of Commerce. 

Six vSan Antonio women will be honored for their philanthropic contribu­ 

 tions to the community. 
They are Mnres. Lutcher 
Brown, John F. Camp 
Sr., Everett ll. Jones, 
Otto Koehler. Preston G. 
Northrup and Edgar To­ bin. 
C ertificates w ill be presented to each wo­ man. 

School calendar 

Cambridge 

Cam bridge Elemen- tary School PTO w ill sponsor a workshop from 
7 to 9:3o p.m. Tuesday in the auditorium entitled 
"D ru g Prevention and 
Parent-ChiId Communi­ cation.” 
Charlene Ortiz, train­ ing coordinator of Drug 
Abuse Central, will con­ duct the workshop. She will discuss the use and abuse of illegal drugs, as well as prescription and over the counter drugs. 
The workshop will be an introduction to how drug abuse prevention relates to everyday liv­ ing. 

Thom as 
Jefferson 

Thomas Jefferson PTA 

 w ill sponsor a games party from IO a. rn. to 2 p.m. Wednesday in the 
Student Union Building. 
Luncheon will he served at noon. 
All proceeds will go to 
Wolf Doolittle Scholar­ ship Fund for student scholarships. 
Arnold 

Charles A. Arnold PTA will hold its fourth an­ nual style show and salad luncheon at 
I p.m. 
Thursday in the cafetor­ ium. 
Theme will In* "Luck O the Irish” and tickets will be sold m adv anet* only at the school office. Dead­ line is Tuesday. 
Members of the PTA will furnish the salads and fashions will be by 
Montgomery Ward. 

TU ESD A Y 

7 p m. EDISON HIGH 
SCH O O L P T A , iii I tie auditorium. Edison Band and Choir will present a program . 
Executive board meets at 9:3o a.in. 
Monday. 
7 p m . 
E S C O B A R 
JU N IO R HIGH Si HOOL 
PTA, in the cafetorium. 
Yolanda Torres, newly elected member to State 
School Board from Dis­ trict 2o, w ill speak on 
"C u rren t 
Legislative 
Programs of the Board." 
7.3o pin 
B R EN T ­ 
WOOD JU N IO R H IG H 
SCHOOL FTA. in the ca­ fetorium. New officers will la* elected. 
7:3o p.m. CHURCHILL lilt.II SCHOOL PTX, in the c afeteria 
Dr. Iv un 
Fitzwater, NELS!) su|H*r- intendent, will speak on 
"Current Legislation and 

PAUL’S GREEN THUMB 

“ 
W e 
’ v e h a t c h e d 

 a n e w a d d i t i o n 
” 

Help us celebrate our new 
$tore with gre a t $ avings and quality m erchandise! 

Shop Our N e w Store at 51o3 Blanco Rd. 
Specials a lso go o d a t 
85 H ab y Dr. 

Sale go o d five d a y s 
M arch 1 o -1 1 -1 2 -1 3 -1 4 
Specials go o d a t both 
N urseries 

PECAN TREES: 

R E D W O O D B A R K 
J u m b o - — 
M e d i u m — i m a l 
Fo r d r i o f a t o r u»r- O ' m u l c h i n g 

3-CU. FT. BAG 
$ ^ 
4 

REG. '5.25 
SALE 
“ 

V FRUIT TREE SALE! 

A 

 e SIMARI 
2 IOU I SALE 
I Apple Proth Plum Pear 

 a iii 
C f m ! * » v T \j« W - . . . l h ’iu y p '. « v o n d A p r ic o t i f u n . 'U t 
I ft.MMltl 
......... 
IU . UM1 . 11. M r ! 
I 

:e W K HH A 
Th 
J V or ii* 
Out y 
^ OKO Owl e l v, si' 

VISIT OUR GREENHOUSE at 922 W. HILDEBRAND. 

FICUS BENJAMINA 

I GAL 
$ 2 
" 
EA. 

PHoTINITA 
(RED TOP) 

.GAL 
* 1 ” 
FA. 

WAX BEGONIA 

3 ” Pot* 59« 
EA. I 
IO for f5 .5 o 

ALOE VERA 
NANDINA 
HONEYSUCKLE VINE j 
(Savila) 
I GAL 
I GAL 

4” POT 98‘ EA. 
$ | BP 
$1M 

 its Educt on Education." 
New officers w ill be elected. 
7:3o p m. Mat ARTH­ 
UR HIGH SCHOOL PTA, in the auditorium , 
Counseling staff w ill conduct separate ses­ sions on career planning, choosing a college, procedure for college ad­ missions, college admis­ sions testing and finan­ cial aid and scholarships 
The night has been named 
"C o lleg e and 
Career Night." 
W ED N ESD AY 
2:3o p m 
C O LL IN S 
G A R D EN 
E L E M E N ­ 
TARY SCHOOL PTA, in the cafetorium. Election of new officers w ill be held. 
Mrs. 
Dorothy 
Cheek's second graders will present the program. 
Executive beard meets at 
N 3o a in. Monday in the faculty dinmgruom. 

IM P E R IA L 
PEC A N TREE 
HYBRIDIZED POR LOUI ABU 
ABOUT 28 NUTS TO A POUND 

OWE, Pf ACH i 
NICTORINE TREE 
• EMPRESS 
* a q [ 
• SOUTHERN SWEET S Q V * 
• NECTORINA 
• S-Gol. 
BONANZA 
Cont. 

PINE B A R K 
M ULCH 

$ 2 98 
3-C.E. BAG 

YARD GERANIUM 
PUNTS 
• Rad 
• Orono* 
• W SH . 
• Salmon 
• Pin* 
• Viol.* 
4 -IN . POT 
S I 7 9 
14.oo DO Z. 
I I* 

HANGING BASKETS 
ALREADY PLANTED 
• TERN 
• BEGONIA 
• SEDUM • LANTANA 

FRO M 
U P 

FIG TREES 
I TO 4 
FT TAU 
• CELESTIAL 
• BROWN TURKEY 

TEXAS EVERBEARING 

IMPATIENS im — ) 
Assorted Colors 

4 9 ‘ea. 
I O fob so 

PLANT THAT 
GARDEN NOW! 

M u 
• ARTICHOKES 

I -G a llo n .......... 

• VEGETABLE PLANTS 
Troy of S ii.................. 
79* 

• TOMATO STAKES 
1Mll"x4 " 
254 to.................... 
$2*o Oar 

• STRAWBERRY PUNTS 
$a oo 
Now Crop. Sequoia........... Dot. £ 

BEDDING PLANTS 
For Spnng Flower* 
A-—Plant* For Troy 
79* TRAY 

HERBS: 

• lem on Oro** 
• Th,mn. 

3 ” Pot* 
R IG . 1.25 98 
( AND 
UP 

ALTHEA 
Single A Double 
3 to 4 Pf. 
*3 
9 5 

• FLOWERING TREES 
Pooch ond Plum* 5 to 6 It. 
‘9 
95 

• GRAPE VINES 
Thornton toodtett, Fredonia tee. L H ................. *4“ S] so 

• NEVER TO LATE 
FOR A G REEN H O U SE 

• GRAPEVINES 
Rod Ruby............. 
‘ 2 
SO 

PAUL’S PREMIUM ROSES 
Over JDO Moil Popular Wanette* 
O U TSTA N D IN G ROSES FOR 
PERFORMANCE FRAGRANCE 
ANO COLOR 
• TREE ROSES • TREI PA TIO 
• CLIMBERS 
FRO M THE BEST G R O W E R S 

 a California 
• Jockton 
• A mf Parkin* 
FROM 

FIG IV Y 
W a ll C o v e rin g 
R e g. 1.98 

Sale 
* 1 59 

B O X W O O D & 
DWF. H O U Y 
I GA lion 

 s , ; ; * o o 
« 
9 8 

SHADE TREE! 
FAST G R O W IN G 
Arizona Ach 
3.9S Ea. or 
3 FOR M 
I oo 

J I V R w v l 

* 3 
5o 

AN O 
UP 

CONCRETE ANO 
CLAY PRODUCT 
Vquer#*, round*. 
Cirri#*, Pot*, Saortn, borh* 

I o % 
DISCOUNT 

IU 
% 

PLANT BULBS NOW 
• G L A D IO L U S • B E G O N IA S T U B E R O U S 
• G L O X IN A IS • C A N N A LILY 

NO DELIVERY ON SALE ITEMS 
DURING WEEK LONG SALE 
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR PLANTING 
SERVICE * GUARANTEED WORK 

NURSERY & LANDSCAPING 

85 HABY DR. 
NURSERY 
342-4BBT 

51o3 BALNCo RD. 
NURSERY 

N EW STORE H O U R S 
6:3o to 6 P.M. D A ILY 

SU N D A Y IO A M . to 6 P M . 
342-4888 
LA N D SCAPE PH. 7 34-6461 

B U N C O o o O O O 
I N V P 

 rn SIO) Biont# Id 

VAN Pf o *o Auf 

2 o % OFF 14 Kt. Medullas 
JUST IN Time FOR EASTER! 

 reg. S I O O V V W * ro* 
>v 
James Jewelers 
"THC W AY TO L O V I" 

3 N o r t h ‘Stt-Sr- 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March I 2 1977 

*■£ 

■I 

M O N E Y SAVIN G BARGAINS G A LO R E!! EVERY S A T U R D A Y 

ESS & BOXiERING 

SUGG. RET. 
% 
C e n e 

H R M N M M B 
The 
Bedroom Center’s 
Low Price 
2o YEAR MATTRESS & FOUNDATION 
145 com plete with Z m attresses 

The BEDROOM CENTER a,so tames a wide variety of SOUD WOOD 
BUNK BEDS °nd,BEDRQOM'SUITES. 
Comparison is Our Best Salesman 

FREE DELIVERY IN SAN ANTONIO 
T H U IM Q M C H iT iR 

K IN G $ £ E 
REG. $499 

- 
$ 
2 
5 
9 

MATTRESS & FOUNDATION 

REG. 
$399.99 
NOW 

I 5 5o B andera 
5oturday 9 ° m to 6 p m> 
4 3 3 -9 o 7 1 

FURNITURE DISCOUNT 
*1321 BANDERA RD. (G IB S O N c in t e r ) 

 m u v i e r 434-4149 
TERMS 

^C LO C K S A L E 
SATURDAY, M A R C H 11 
S A V E *2oo°° 

O r more on all Grandfather Clocks in stock. Free 
Delivery and Set-Up in San Antonio. 

Spacialltilng 
In watch and clack repairs and restoration. All w ork guaranteed I year. 

TH6,ttfl>CK.SHPP 
Mon.-Frl. 9 to 5 - Sat. 9-2 

BC 

 baby furniture infants wear accessories baby furniture 

For today s driest baby 
(J i S D O S t i f o l © diapers 
I 97 mons 
YI jsj x tHj ti rh • 
EACH 

JOHNSON DISPOSABLE 
DIAPERS 

D a y t im e 
^ 
S 
6 
4 
* . . . 

7317 N. SAN PEDRO 
113o S.W. MILITARY 

34’ -?«clc^.Co,dl At<. p ? ^ ” 25 

 infants wear accessories baby furniture infants wear accessories infonts wear 

THIS WEEK’S 
CARPET SPECIAL 
2 ROLLS 

LIG H T A N D D A R K 

RED T W E E D 

I R O LL — 
S O L ID RED 

REG. PRICE $8 95 

SALE $495 

PER 
SQ . Y D . 

PER SQ. YO, 

ACTUAL] 
SIZE 

P/4 "I 

B u l l o s e . 
Carpets and Hoots 
9o5 S a n Pedro• 
225-2844 

PRESENT THIS 
CO U PO N F O B - - '''' 

B R IN G 
. v 
IT IN A N D 
\ 
. 
, .. o C * ° * 
I 
SAVE! \ f * « S \ 

APPLIANCE & TV W ORLD 
7 1 2 3 S A N P E D R O • 3 4 2 -4 5 6 6 • 3 4 2 -1 9 5 1 

STEP into Spring with the 
M T T DOE ADO CALF 
Horsheim 

Alamo Hgts. 

ALAMO HGTS. 

K u p « kr M i f f . l i g h t , w i t h 
N t y lr e p it o m iz in g lh** 
F lo r t ilip im I r a d i i io n . 
W h **r**v«*r y o u g a . p **» | » l« * w i l l noli****! 

A | . V ’ -* 

CENTRAL PARK 
W INDSOR PARK 

■ ■ ■ ■ ■ I 

Central Pork 
Windsor Park 

A A A TIRES & WHEEL & W AREH O U SE 

JACKMAN STYLE 
HITE SPORER WHEELS 
. 4 o & UP J 

FAMOUS 
MAKE AIR 
SHOCKS 
oNlT$3 9 ov 

BU Y W I T H 

RWL FIBERGLASS 

B E I T E R 

* ~ y 

 fRONT 

(NO ALIGNMENT 
+ 

2 DELCO SHOCKS 

 a m e r i c a n rn 

ONLY * 2 
3 
® 
* 

IN ST A N T f R f n i l 
16o2 S.W. MILITARY DR. 
54o5 BRO ADW AY 
1849 FREDERICKSBURG 
93o7 S. PADRE ISLAND DR. 
2753 S. PADRE ISLAND DR. 

AT AUSTIN 
KWT 
At 
DONALDSON 

924-7321 
828-6181 
732-6118 
937-3185 
855-3oo1 

 f i r e s t o n e 
IMJMI3 

RADIATOR 
SS 
STOP-LEAK sr, 
| H g 
Seals leaks in 
>;> / 
£ 'N radiators anti 
* t 
I 
I 
I blocks lubricates 
P 
M 
I 
.valet pum p too t a g 
R M B P 
11 OI 

CAR CHEMICALS tor efficient engine operation 

ENGINE 
TUNE-UP 
Rapidly trees 
Hydraulic litters nubile you drive 
IB or 

(trW l 
SiI 

FRICTION 
PROOFING 
Helps maintain power easier starting bettar gas mileage engine hie engine cleanliness 
1b OI 

SPIT 
FIRE 
Helps clean com bustion chamber prevent plug touting reduces rough idling and stalling I b o l 

 e -no r n 

o 

CARBU RETO R 
CLEANER 
Handy aerosol can sprays trom any angle Cleans R C V valve 1 1 3 / 4 o i 

TRANSMISSION 
STOP LEAK 
ANO 
CONDITIONER 

C A I 

I I H 

H e ** to si od and prevent seat leaks, smooths transmit 
•ton and power 
•tearing operation 
16 o r 

AT ALL FIRESTONE LOCATIONS 

FOR INFORMATION 

REG A RD IN G A D V ER TISIN G 

ON THIS PAGE 

CALL 2 2 5 -7 4 1 I 

RETAIL ADVERTISING 

KOUNTY KIST 
GOLDIN WK. 

C O R N ,2oZ CAN 
VELVET 
5 / * l 

W8MMUNG 93« 

CALIFORNIA 
AVOCADOS “ I 9 

CENTENO 
SUBCfU&ARK&TS 
3 19 CASTROVILLE 434-o31 I 
1419 C O M M ER C IAL 934-8371 
3481 FRKOtRICKSRURG 73 4-7161 
311 FAIR 334-6126 
HOKU RtttRVEO IO U M I QUANTUM e FAV YOUR tiGHT, GAS, WAHR ANO FHONt MUS MIRI • WI SIU 
ANURAN LXFtfSS ORO IRS 

Reduced! 

2 o % to 5 o % 

O FF S e le c te d 
S t y le s 

SAVINGS NOW ! t into W EEKEND C O M F O R T E V E R Y D A Y ! 

4 2 2 5 M c C u l l o u g h — - 8 2 2 -o 6 5 ; 
BETWEEN. 

INSIDE THIS SECTION: 
Want Ads 

• EMPLOYMENT • ANNOUNCEMENTS 
• BUSINESS DIRECTORY 
• FINANCIAL 
• BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY 
• EDUCATION 
• MERCHANDISE 
• LIVESTOCK 
• PUBLIC A LEGAL NOTICE 
• AUTOMOTIVE 
• RECREATIONAL 

SEE THE “ GOLDEN TWINS” FOR ALL REAL 
ESTATE, RENTAL AND MOBILE HOME ADS 

EXPRESS-NEWS 
Page 
I -E 

World 

Saturday March 12 1977 
AMG: 75 years as automaker 

Ac 
A u t o T a l k 

THE N EW C h e v ro le t Series 6 LU V truck fo r 1977 w ill ap- peal to those w ho se ek both utility and fun in a truck 
LUV is truck for w ork, fun 

SOCIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEW S 
DETROIT — E n g in eerin g im prove­ ments and increased availability of op­ tions highlight the new Series 6 LUV truck for 1977, Chevrolet has announced. 
The versatile m ini-pickup offers in­ creased payload capacity while m aintain­ ing the sam e excellent fuel economy as the ‘76 model. 
“ The LUV com bines the utility of a work truck w ith the sp o ttin ess of a personal usage vehicle, and it’s economi­ cal, too,” .James T. Riley, Chevrolet truck sales m anager, said. “ The Series 6 model has features which will appeal to those who seek both utility and fun in a truck. 
“ LUV sales im proved substantially during the fourth quarter of 1976, up about 
44 per cent com pared to the sam e period jn 1975, a record sales year for LUV. We feel we can sustain that momentum in 
1977." 
Advances 
Among the engineering advances for the new LUV is a variable ratio steering gear which reduces steering effort. Rear shock absorbers have been modified to improve ride and handling. 
A high altitude emission package will be available brr the Series 6 LUV with manual transm ission. 
The LUV is powered by a 11o.8 cubic- inch four-cylinder engine which provides 
8o net horsepower at 4,8oo rpm. 
M easuring 173.8 inches overall on a 
1o2.4 inch w heelbase, the LUV has a 
73-inch long pickup box with space for nearly 38 cubic feet of cargo. The UVU rating is 3,95o pounds and the LUV’s gross 

 payload capacity has been increased to 
1,51o pounds. 
W ith s ta n d a rd fo u r-sp eed m an u al transm ission, the Series 6 LUV attaint'd 
33 miles per gallon highway and 23 mpg city. With autom atic transm ission, which was introduced as an option in 1976, LUV scored 29 mpg on the highway and 21 mpg in the city. 
In California, where it will again be equipped with a catalytic converter, LUV with m anual transm ission got 32 mpg highway and 21 mpg city. It achieved 28 mpg highway and 19 mpg city with an autom atic transm ission. 
Colors offered% 
For appearance, five exterior colors will he offered including red, yellow, blue, white and midnight black. Also available will he a sporty decor treatm ent featuring colorful decals on the sides, hood and tailgate. 
Hi-back bucket seats in red plaid cloth will he available in 1977 with the popular 
Mikado luxury interior option. 
Optional “ western style" below-eye-le- vel rear-view m irrors and sliding rear window arc also new. 
Carryover options include Mikado lux­ ury interior with bench seat, air condi­ tioning, AM and AM/FM radio, E78-14B belted bias white-wall tires, rear chrom e bumper, rear step bum per, front bum per guards and a decor package with mold­ ings and full wheel covers. 
M anufacturer s suggested retail price for the Series 6 LUV rem ains unchanged from the Series 5 model at $3,284.35. 

B y •Vim A b b o tt tai* editor 

Catalytic converter does jo b — more 

People keep asking if they can take the catalytic converter off their car. 
And I answer the question with a ques­ tion — why do you want to take it off? 

The num ber one answer is so they can use reg u lar gas. In second p la c e 'they want more performanc e. 
Regular gasoline now costs about three cents a gallon less than unleaded, so tho desire to pay less is understandable. But if you should rem ove the catalytic con­ verter from your car, you would wind up paying a bundle to replace the exhaust pipe and retune the engine. 
Believe it or not. you would wind up loosing money over the life of your car, unless you drive a lot more than average folks. 
As a secondary benefit of the catalytic converter, cars so equipped arc required to burn the unleaded gas and the result has been longer plug life. Unleaded gas has stretched the tim e between tune-ups, 
• along w ith o th e r im p o rv e m en ts. and means dollars saver. 

Go faster 

As far as better perform ance is con­ cerned, it may he possible to removed the catalytic converter, retune the engine and thereby get the car to go faster. 
The San Antonio Police Departm ent has rem oved the cataly tic co n v erter from some of its freeway patrol cars and the officers feel they do get faster p erfor­ mance; but then they don’t have to worry about gas mileage. 
The m ajor concern about removing the unit is the return to pollution. Removing the device from a few cars is not going to m ake much difference. But if rem oval becam e common practice, we would be 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 
DETROIT — American Motors Corp. is observing its 75th anniversary this month 
— the date the first Ram bler automobile was sold at the 19o2 Chicago Auto Show. 
The first one-cylinder Ram bler, which had a retail price of $75o, was built in 
Kenosha, Wis., by the Thomas P. Jeffery 
Co., which in 1916 became Nash Motors, in 1937 N ash-K clvinator, and in 1954. 
American Motors. 

The m erger of Nash-Kelvinator Corp. and Hudson Motor Car Co. on May I, 1954, tinder the name American Motors, com­ bined the rich heritage of two pioneer automotive companies. This heritage was broadened with the acquisition of Jeep 
Corp. in February 197o. 

Nameplates 

Such honored nam eplates as Jeffery. 
Hudson, Nash, Overland, Essex, Terra- plane and R am bler are enshrined in autom otive history. Each contributed im portantly to the developm ent and grow th of p erso n a l m o b ility w hich changed the face of America. 
American Motors today carries forward a tradition of innovation and product excellence rooted in decades of engineer­ ing and design leadership. 

The first domestic subcompact car — the Gremlin — was introduced in 197o. In 
1975, the company introduced a totally new concept in small car design — the 
Pacer — which provides interior room and convenience exceeding many m id­ size cars. 
There are currently m ore than four million AMU cars md Jeep vehicles on the road. 

The com pany’s products cover a broad range of transportation needs, including buses, trucks and postal service delivery vehicles, in addition to its lines of Grem ­ lins, H ornets, P ace rs, M atadors and four-wheel-drive Jeep vehicles. 

2,5oo delaers 

AMU cars and Jeep vehicles are re­ tailed through a national organization of 
2,5<K) dealers. 
American Motors products are m anu­ factured at 22 plant locations in the United 
States and Canada, com prising 22 million square feet. Employment totals 29,ooo at its various plant locations and at the com pany’s headquarters in Southfield. 
Mich. International operations include 25 m anufacturing, assembly plants and li­ censees in countries outside North Amer­ ica 
With its growth and diversification into other product fields in recent years, the company derives about 5o per cent of its 
$2.3 billion annual sales from operations other than passenger cars. 

THIS o n e -cylin d e r R am b le r m ad e its debut fo r A m erican 
M otors C orp . in 19o 2 

A M C ’s LATEST o fte r to the m o to rin g w o rld is this trim 
1977 Pacer station w agon 
Chevrolet’s H ouston zone sales post gain 

SPECIAL TO THE EXPRESS NEWS 

HOUSTON — Chevrolet dealers in the 
Houston zone posted strong monthly sales gains during February with deliveries of 
8,795 new passenger cars and trucks, 
Harry Bradshaw, zone m anager, report­ ed. 
The February total of 8,795 cars and trucks topped the figure of 8,331 deliveries in February 1976. The total included an 

C l A U i m h DISPLAY 

 especially strong showing In trucks with 
4.969 deliveries, compared with 3,585 in 
February 1976. 
“The sales gain in February gives us a atrong impetus for the upcoming spring selling season,” Bradshaw said. 
The Houston zone includes 163 dealers in south Texas in an area hounded by the 
Gulf of Mexico, the Mexican border. Del 
.Rio Junction on the west and the Lo­ uisiana state line on the east. afwr.ij7f.wjTY iiafiiliBiliSlliBlfillfiainglliglliBllllfraiiglMgllllMlMllllM^BlMM^M^Migil 
NORTH PARK LINCOLN-MERCURY 
MONARCH BONANZA 
’77 MERCURY MONARCH 4 DOOR r n tewerfiettB 

YOU CAN AFFORD A 
BUICK AT 5o1 BROADWAY 

MONARCH STANDARD 

FEATURES INCLUDE: 
• 25o 6 Cylinder 
• Automatic 
• Power Steering 
• Power Brakes 
• White Sidewall Radial Tires' 
• Air Conditioned 
• Tinted Glass 
• Left Hand Rem ote Mirror. 

 ilium tor* 

#81196 

'77 BUICK 
SKYLARK 

44aar, 
Bukh lom *v» 
V-4, au to m a t* trantmitiiofl, powar ito o n itf, factory ak, pow.r brakoi, whitewall tiro*, tall ( in t o flats, Bola IR wkool cavort, r.m ot. (M itral 

I HIDE-ENGINEERED 
1*485o 

’77 MERCURY MONARCH 2 DOOR 

 r n m f f im m 
MONARCH STANDARD 

FEATURES INCLUDE: 

• 2SO 6 Cylinder 
• Automatic 
• Power Steering 
• Power Brakes 
• White Sidewall Radial Tire! 
• Air Conditioned 
• Tinted Glass 
• Left Hand Rem ote Mirror. 

JUST RECEIVED SHIPMENT OF 
COUGARS 
1977 COUGAR 
2 DOOR HARDTOP ATR COWOTffiMttD 
4 7 9 o 

• I P 

A Tinted 
Glas* 
* 3o2 
V 8 
A A utom atic 
A O utside 
M irro r 
* P o w e r 
Steering 
* D eluxe W h eel C o ve rs * P o w e r B rakes 
* O p e ra W in dow s. 
8 
* SEVERA! TO CHOOSE * 

 p p 
' ■ p 
| 
| 
HORTH PARK 92o7 sa n p e d ro 

CASH 
REBATE 

HURRY • HIGHER 
PRICES ARE COMING! 

“ WI SELL BUICKS EVERY DAY TO PEOPLE THAT THOUGHT 
THEY COULD ONLY BUY A FORD OR CHEVROLET.” 

L I N C O L N • M E R C U R Y 
341-8841 

5o1 BROADWAY., 
RIGHT DOWNTOWN 
SPIRES DO 

2261361 
LAS BUICK 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

AUTOMOTIVE 
7o2-72frFOIHIQN SPORTSMRS 
FOREIGN SPORTSCARS 
7o2 72& FOREIGN SPORTSCAIIS 

7311-743 *inoM oB H tS 

7o2-726 • FoRE16H SPoRTSCAB5 
FOMICKSPMTOIIIS 
7o2 726 FOREIGN^MOTSCH! 
TOYOTA- 

THE FAMILY CAR 
GOES SPORTY. 

The Toyota Corolla Liftback Deluxe. Ifs the fam ily car with enough room to fit 2o full bags of groceries, and a price fitted to you; fam ily budget. 
Plus exciting Corolla performance and styling. Ifs the practical fam ily car that brings back the fun in driving. 

Standard Feature*: W elded unitized body construction, fold-down split rear seot, M ae- 
Pherson strut front suspension, power front disc brakes, steel-belted radials, and more 
A L A M O T O Y O T A 
5 1 4 N.E. LO O P 4 1 o 
8 2 8 - o 7 2 3 
_________________________ 
I Aero— free) Hie Airport) 

SAVE! N ew ’7 7 TOYOTA’S SAVE! 
CORONA 
LIFT 
BACK 
SPECIALS 

F ac to ry In s ta lle d 
O ptions: 

A M R a d io . SSO. 
A M -F M R a d io . $ 7 7 . 
A ir C o n d itio n e r, 

S 3 6 S . 
Pin Striping, SSS. 

4 -D O O R 
S E D A N S 
A U T O M A T IC 
$53o 
DISCOUNT 

N o b o d y c a n e g ira I s m a ll to w n p ric e *) d 
UNLIMITED 
SELECTION 
All Models and Colors 
HIGHEST TRADE 
ALLOWANCE 
— 34 hour delivery 

 l . 7 \ 

T O Y O T A O F S E G U I N 

Open Eves: til 9 p.m. 
D ia l Toll F ro o l 
3 3 4 -4 1 S 3 
I 7 M i. from Son Antonio. 

MARCH USED CAR SPECIALS 

* 7 9 EADES 
Vi Ton pickup IWL to rum! whin, va, sum . . . . . don). Rode 
...................*2495 

S U M I 

1977 

MIW 1977 VOLKSWAGIN 
RABBIT Model 

1 7 o 1 

^ □ P b r — 

% 
' 
' o * 

*3576” 
FULL DELIVERY PRICCI 
INCLUDES: lox, Title A License 

Ho Hidden or odditional charges 
_ Plus savings on all VW s tool! 

O ft NORTH LOOP V W - .fc B M W -c *© SUBARU 

4^23 ^FPdRr!CilSbUtQ Rd. 
* Across from Wonderland* 
732-7*121 

★ USED CAR SPECIALS ★ 

71 VW teed* only................S H M 

75 lAGIANDf lug. Met Hue 
5 W 5 

74 CHEVY LUV Pickup 
$2o 5 

67 VW Fastback 
$ MS 

73 TOYOTA Wagon ............ $1995 

75 VW Compar Pop Top 
$5395 

76 VW Convertible, like new 
$4195 

73 KARMAN Chia. 4-spd., radio I ok 
$2395 

75 VW Rabbit, ak. AM/FM, 
25.ooo mibs................... $31 t i 

75 RAIDT 19.ooo miles. ak. tadb.........................$2995 

74 VW Von, radio, extra dean $3844 

73 SUBARU ebon..................$1744 

73 VW Supor, blue, 
36.ooo mibs....................$2195 
76 SUBARU, automatic, ok .. $2995 

73 SUBARU...........................$159$ 

74 VOUK), Nice..................... $4195 

74 HONDA ET J o. Air Conditioned........... rn Station waaon, Blue. 4 
9 Speed. Radio, Ak Con 
*2295 

CORK 
* OM OF 
TWI FATTEST WURM MRF ORTH I 
1977 SUBARU 
STB. M M U S IU 
AT ECONOMY p e a 

* 3 , 1 6 4 ” * 
GREATER SAVINGS ON 
ALL NEW 1976 SUEARUS 
A DEMOS IN STOCK. 
12-44oNTW MNURMTED MELUM 
WARRANTY tu b . nu. mw mb u am 

Radio. 
* 7 4 D V A itotioi v w ™ , „ . . 
, 2 8 9 5 

73 OPEL GT J B L *2695 two CADIS 
T<w Neb Up, SWI, 
/J rUEU Hut, 6 Cylinder Skin . . . . . 
. 
. dad, Radio......... *2495 (Soles) oles and 
Mon.-Fri. 8-9, service hours: 
Saturday 8-7 s 

75 RX-4 RaJtojlir Conditioned ‘2995 

73 COMET 4 Door, Blue, loaded *2495 

73 IMPALA I X o"*" *1695 

71 BUICK t a r ™ ‘1595 

(Service) 
Mon. thru Sot. 

TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
95oo San Pedro 
341-1356 

72] TRIUMPH 

761 - R S C B l k t K I 'i O r U U 
791 • B S C a t M GDS H r a t 
^ 

 a S a m S B H R T S J n S ! 
38K 7 A f i f l U AL 
A N T IQ U E • CLA S S IC • SP EC IA L IN TE R ES T C A R S 

D O IT 

N O W ! 
1 5 o CAR 
L IM IT 

WURSTHALLE BLDG., LANDA PARK, NEW BRAUNFELS. TEXAS 
IO iO O AJA. M A R C H 3 6 , 1 o 7 7 
OONK Al a oars store consignm ent r n fso.oo 
$ 3.oo em pee son e m o te s r n i t o.oo ro e DCT ails CONTACT: 
SR O O * ' M O T O R S 
A lit A Lgigt 
921 :o. U 
( 
R 
BRAUNFELS, TEXAS 7413o 

P H ; 5 1 3 - 6 2 5 - 9 6 4 3 
C O N S IG N Y O U R C A R N O W ! 

7o1 WmUB-CTUKTBUS . 717-CAPRI 
‘OS AH M a rl (Ii 1*9o , IO-.SV Clo*- rn c ib * | sic, I sp eed , e x c e lle n t. low mileage, S3 see w s i u 
I i o'g 
T 
1" 'M 8 T ,r V o r | i » re*- tor rd COM *$54911 f . n i l , ; U<7 BV io e ris toloon. 
•tiett t r e y eve r m idnight btu*, with snot! grey tutor tor Excellent condition. 
Re* 
424-1112, mr 
424-5442 
T T A' J T f Y 'l 
TV n i A. 4 H . oil n ew er, le a th e r in to n e r Geed condition C o lle c to r* Special! n ee ess-less____ 
H H Mulch Roo <1 ma star. fcxcei- lent condition l*M OMC pickup, new point, In te rio r 
195# Ford 
Custom, 2-dr., !4.od# milos. nor. chased from one owner Excel lent ' * 2* 123*. f ie f Buick Special, nolo very re s to ra b le , o n p in a t condition, sits 3*94*21 ofter noon_________ l f l f £be v relet pickup original, now motor, now tiros, perfect body, ti.see <3*499S if th e vy 4-dr. VA. Air, uutp.. ex 
Cowen I condition M I 75*5 if i f Chevy pickup OrigmoT na* or lpm oi lodfc Prettiest in town* 
515o* firm 
*5*-9434! atter 4: i i i m u . i i t b s VY 1 lion picket. restore b b . now Notes and sticker. I 49S, 
3412912 
CToi t 'tc 
Tf s f ' T Kev b e Luxe 
I-owner, or tamp! best otter Cow 
Frod V o M v ti pt 124 n i t before 
2 p m mr 924-2114 pfter J )o p m . 
C G C L t n t o V i * lo ,c k Wildcat 
C e n vertib ie Good m ochpnicel cond te n d e d , new tir e * . 644* ti city 45o4o2# 
_ 
*5 C orvotr Mon lo 

‘24 CAPRI Air, 4 speed, brown with cam e interior 
5199S. 

72 Capri air. vinyl top, PM stereo. 
I track plover, excellent candt- hon, m a . 453-1122._____________ 
‘22 C A P R I, 4 cyl. o ir, a m f rn brown, st tsp 443 n o t eves. 
24-‘22 C a p ri O h io . S u n -ro o t, 
V tlP w r seats, le a th e r steerinp whee. 4 speakers, air. automatic, 
V-4, Low m lleap o . bv o w n er. 
545oo 141-4441 
‘24 C A P R I IOO*. 4-speed, a ir , exceWont condition *48 o u i 
24 Capri, V-4, auto , air, radio. vinyl tap. low m ileage. '22 tab*. 
$7-1*o 141 1o74 

C IV IC * 
C V C O * — 
“Penny 
P incher” 

'24 Capri v * 78oocc, gir, agt#., 
74,oo* rn. 829oo 454-32*3 
7o8 CORVTTTE 

-js n r tues 
T i e d to*, completely restored 
433-4349_________ 
1951 Desoto 
Nuns * 4* o . look* weed1 t*e * Cow 344-497* 
T W rW e riT o a c f ) window siree! rod Ex Cowen I condition *44-4744. 
MA-ETM 
I 
W Ji *W d . I deer, runs acad tx - ire ports. ISS# 415-3* 4# fie f ber J J dr $#«or> O 'ip -t-iT 
I >444 hr rn *23 1214 rm 
'T ird T i v ; pickup 

‘24 ebo n Special F erro n Shark 
Vette. T-tpp, with oir. out#, etc. 
5*8*1o Corgi 434-2447 

’77 CORVETTE n e t a c tu a l m l. In w a rra n ty . 
Powder Pipe. 35# V t. automatic. tee b r v cest alum inum w h eeii, white ratted letter rad ial tiros, tilt telescope Steering wheel am tm stereo, rear window defogger, burglar alarm . Rack ond pinion steering 
598oo. 
C A L L J IM : 44 1 4511 

HO ND A CIVIC 
CVCC HATCHBACK 

Because a Civic CVCC runs fin * on any g rad* of gaso­ line, you don’t have to pay for premium or un b o d ed gas. 
You can us* the lowest priced gas. 

 o n ly * 3 
4 6 
4 * 

• 1927 American Honda Motor Co , 
Inc 
-bus TAX. m u ANO UCH*St 

See what thrn w orld is coming lo at. . . 

TOM BENSON 
IMPORTS, INC. 

 t m U N N M O 
H I . U U 

P O R S C H E 
A U D I 

1973 TRIUM PH TR, white with black interior Air conditioned, roll bar AM-FM. 34,ooo m ibs immaculate condition. 
S34So 
841 4241 

IR-7, powi i. 
73 MERCURY debTtope, low mileage i n , f k if s r Cutkm Supreme, 2 door, automatic, 
/ O U L U ) power, ok, stereo, tilt wbttl, cruise control ........................................................... t o n n u r i r w l/j Ton pkkup, short wide btl). 6 
/ O V il e V T cylinder, standard, AM-FM Storao. 
B track................................................................. 
, y r r u n V C I ED New Tother, Iroughom, ful- 
7 5 L H K Y M .t R ly boded, rain seats, Ilk whet!, stereo, cruise control, I S.OOO miles....... 
75 TRIUMPH TI-6 Overdrive, AM F R ....... 
2 door, 4 ipeed, ok con 

*3195 

*5295 

*2495 

‘5695 
‘5695 
73 AUDI FOX S ./ ,pMfl w lon ‘2195 

 i t # D A D C r U C 9111 toup* ‘ S *P*,d' oif‘ 
/ «S r U K i V n t AM-FM, now ffkhehn S |Q 

'.'im l l " 7495 

VOLKSWAGEN 

IWX tiros. 21,ooo mibs 

 i j a D A D C r u C IM TS lilet, 5 
/ O r u n J L n t stereo cassette 
)•*« d A k i n A /" 
Am, block, otr coo 
/ O K U N 11 A v dition, automatic, tilt whtel, 

BUGS OHLY VW RE MFG. 
All parts Includln# fiberglass In stock, located, or ordered. Fac­ tory direct outlet. No Bargain 
Hunters, please! 3931 Hi way 9o 
East I p.m. • I p.rn Mon.-Fri. 

• B U G S * 
19*4 thru 1977 
CALL: BILL 824 447o 
Come see, come drive. Vou'li buy. 
19*3 VW bug" Excellent tran­ sportation 
$445 best oHer 
454-1ooo 
•?4 Dasher, S door, air, auto., ex- cellen!, $145o. 492-2717. 
74 6ASHER Ixcelient condition. 
$24SO Must soil! 734-SS74. 
DASHfeB 
74 VwT oufo’ oir,' like now S2SSo 333-1152 

74 MERCEDES BENZ S , / bino, compbtsly boded, including efecmc windows sun roof, bother mlorioc, cruise , 
(Onlroi....................... ............. 

*5595 
Bvy-SsH-IISBil Cars 
Pot McQueen 
732 ) 

14,5oo 

 m 1326 N.E. LOOP 41o 
824-3214 ** 

711 HONDA 

■74 HONDA HATCHbACK brown 
4-speed 
Rodb, air conditioned 
............................. 12295 
TOM b C N fO N IM PORTS 

 r n m m 

YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! 
77 NEWPORT 

2 - D O O R 

H A R D T O P 

8-track storao, speed control, St, Regis roof, mony other extras # 71o2 

S A V I 
* 1 2 1 4 

O N T H IS D I N O 

58oo SAN FEDRO 
732-8211 

 twa H o m ^ T h e t u . l 

JAC K RUGER 

C H R Y S L I P P L Y M O U T H 

 r n 
. 

Call Pol 
I SELL VW S 
Models from ‘* * -‘77. Call: Fred I 
Vosguei B24-7311 
HORTH LOOP VOLKSWAGEN 
232 7121 
4423 FR E D E R IC K S bU R G ROAO 
I i Rabbit Boslc 3 dr , air k fX 
PM stereo, w arranty transferro- I bb. S3o9S. Dr. M urrey: *51-1919. 
I aH F I M i t , Cusick, deluxe. oir, standard AM FM , A35-2447 
‘71 Squareback Cleon, Service records, new paint 5I32S 4S3-2I4S 
7 T T O I R B e t T i r r 've'fto- 
. 
Good condition air, am-tm stere*. new tires 333-3449 *ves 
Toke ever payments on I i vW bus No egulty Call 124 *911 ask tar Fred Atter 7: *12-7757 
’69 VOLKSWAGEN S97S 
Super cond 224-4317 
VOLKSWAGEN 
Ports Service Cars 
____________ b u m 
______ ______ 
71 vW . 411, auto 4-door. excellent condition $155o M4 8476_________ 
*8 VW Auio . tow m ibs. exc*tbnt cond 17*5 453-947o 
'48 VW beautiful, like new Many extras MSO 824 o988____________ 
‘Jl VW beeth. Air. sunroof. AAL good transportation $1o*o ar bast attar 4S7-b*M; *57-1444 av**. I • 
E N D * i r v w Lug, ss availabb 224-4419 
$ 5 9 i. Iin o n c ln * 

'49 OP RL GT, bub mint condition 

71 Opel GT Ie toed shote sjodo. 
I $4-4544 mr 434-144$ 
*72 Oe*i 6T, red!*, i?P 1Lrg.72fcg.if, healer vinyl 

■73 OPRL OT * s P t t o 
W hib. rodb ............................. $2*9$ 
TOM RENSON IMPORTS 
94N IA N P jO R Q 
>41 1314 
'49 O PRL O Y, 4 sp*ed. lSm pg. 
'• ‘r a r . $|,49$. 494-57B4. 

Cost too mu€h to get to work? 

T R Y A 
HONDA CIVIC* 
CVCCTBSPEED 

 runs peed o m s p m 
$954 ib t b t : 
1-423 4412, 1*1 

'77 CORVRTTC auto power, air, teether, sbree. twt *99 o794 
1975 CO RVETTE 
_________ CALL 4*7*529________ 
•73 Cory erie $1295 
5 S IL .*» .! ?»?_________ 
19*1 C O E V K T T E C o n vertib le 
Pew er steerinp. power brakes, aute., a ir. N e ed * w ark 
>27** 
349-SS7B H e r 4 pm. 
‘74 Carven* L-42 e n fin *. Wk* new 
14,4*o m ibs 474-4791, 

■74 J E N S O N in te rc e p to r I I I , 
411.714 
*4 O IO S Tgrenade ex icallawl, $234* -74 M E R C E D E S t e n t OM IL . 115.544 
*9 M E E iCSOES bani >e*SEL 4.3. $14,25* 
I 42 T M U N O E E b lR O . >975 
47 
I ROLLS ROYCE Car im che Coupe, 
$34 4*o *53-9*oo 

— v t M B D n o n r e n— 
Goaf coed C e* Busty 712 4751 i r a g B i r A - r f t l B . I deer 
Licensed cunning $22$* 7>S7$17 
'U U U IT lU IU r A o a u T T T t cu 
*. b e b r r t x tegtorebb con 
Oilton 
84 FALCON 2*4 V * ston doc d 4-dr M utton* $45*, beth tor 

44 8 lg iT 6 8 6 b A 6 8 -------- 
>125*. 444 7*7? n i l R-25 Tu.«;. 
; w boer os. end b n e e rt Complete. 
Other ports 453-4174 l f 

I 7 * CO RVETTE 

 m m ? 
75 C e rv e tt* p e rfe c t condition 
544*4 R ica Harper, H 9 3)11 
4* C arven*. 4X7, 4-spe b e t cenftWen. M i l l H I excel 
9 7*47. 
-74 Vet. 4-speaf, L II. C ut! inter h. , gunny. H 4 M i l t 8 l.il> 
75 Vet!* Auto . loaded excellent cen* waiter Oerobhty; 223 s ill, 
» 8 14*4 ________________________ 
14 VETTE lo ad ,fl must Sell Ret ling m arried 
44,254 
Firm . 

 i i t a a _________________________ 

Jag uar X K E , ‘73 C o n vertib le 
79.441 im Yellow, black tn b rb r 
A ir. excallant condition 47544 
451 1433 H t . k , 444 4412 niter 3 

47 Opel W apello Needs w ark 
S IU 437 4144 atter 5 

‘74 JE N S O N In b rc a p tp r III 
> tl.7 l> ____________________ 4 » -9 t 
714 MAZBA 

48 O P E L 
22tm \ 
R olive 4-speed 
$575 

‘ 72 O P E L W a g e n . p u lp . o t r , 
58.ooo m i si its ; n s o /t 

74 M a id a b 18*4 R odw . e ir. re a r 
Pum per 3 4^ >* nH. >119$ 894 1414 

73 M a i d * 
N e w tir e s , low m l 
Looks, runs to e d $1295 a r best e f f o r t 557 5943, I 557-99)1 
74 MAZDA 1X4 WA6oN 

711- RUSCHE________ 

N O R TH W O O D P O R S C H E A U D I 
H M N C LO O P 414 m w * 
'*$ Porsche IM C Goad condition, a ir 
424-4444, ext 
141; a tte r *: 
2 H 2 H L 

 t u n 
H em phill M cC om bs N orthw est 
H n n d rio Kd al I POP 414 441-1431 

73 P O R SC H E C *u p *. 914 am tm ro d b , 5-4o4Od. 917 4737 

1975 R X 4 4 -S P E E D 
S L U E . 
R o d b . a ir conditioned 
............................ 
$2995 
T O M R E N S O N IM P O R T S 
HW SA.!! fJJM 9 
U L M 
1974 R X 4 S T A T IO N M A G O N blue 
4 s te ed , r o d b , a ir condlNdnod. ............. sajSi 
T O M R E N S O N IM P O R T S 

*TW .A±g-££B gg 
1 ^ 2 2 

‘74 P o ,iche SH R s sod , mags. oir, 4-trock. 4* too Coll 341 $511. 4 
Ie 5 offer 4 712 )971 

719 u r n 

B I S I T T ' I a v f t 
Cooee 
________ $34.4o* * 5 ) 9*o4 

’ ♦ l f S tu d o io k e r. 4 cy l, k l m ites par pol . Past Offer 875 47*4 w i n r 
T w i ' » u ^ f i m rn aa need soares p re fa rr a f Put not mondob ry * 4S$9*7 offer A 

W 
W l r m » r u F a r i tm * 

D A T S U N 
B R V S O N A U T O C E N T E R 
143* P A T R O O K E R y N .V | R |A L C l T V ^ - a i n . , 

74 D A T S U N 4 ** 4 *a o r. 4 M eed, 
A ir. s e e r .tic * t u t s . >41 t n t ; 
349 1443 eve*. 

-71 D A T S U N 7 dear del usa" 17*4 
R d o n v . P u r e a c tn tn x y ) 424-4334 
71 D A T S U N P ic k u p , e x c e lle n t cand 41795 GIW, 124-1244. w o rk . 
*H 3 t> 2 hens* 

D a ts u n S e d a n '71 714, p u t# . paw er kept, s ir , A M -F M , 7,444 m ibs, e n * aw ner 3*MO?? 
I m D a t s u n i?M »5| 
W eean, auto 
4434 

Also would Mea b purchase 1o4$ mr $4 C ho* co n v e rt ton 
W ro * mr cod R 
M a r sAon t e n N ortnovan 
• ^ O e f f o ^ s m m e f M M e n m m EwaisniTicAn rormmr— 
14*1 N C LO O P 414 
ISS IM I 
— uwvsorsism — 
R e lia o u S oon C or Eery b eootr 
P o e m sen s S port C a rs P eo a a 
I W 
M O * O d * y « 8 U f f 

/ o4 
AWI 

 r n T O 
I w r y j « o r >vdun 
A u te . a ir su n ro o f 
M a n y m a r* 
■phons STT$e A fter * pm *&> 44J9 

 i i i i t b e p e n i 
- t m HIL 

A u m . M r. e x t ellen! I M M offer 424 4997 f! AUDI TIT' Ll lac lory e x c a lle n t 
UBS# 434-3*44, I M M U 

1971 D A TS U N 2 * * t 
89MW4 
| 
1974 Datsun IN Z. ?♦? 14,MS mi 
M f now m HF?, B tl 9513 
I 
■7* O A TS UN 2I4Z, red M ap s, pm tm Wk* new $42*4 mr best ’ 
M w . 3*SO*4t 

-71 DATSUN I M I JO I Slenderd transmission air AM FM radio, 4 track stereo Other extras is oo4 m ibs 
E x t Odem condition $42*4 
443-4474 

197*: M 
I air . 4 ipead. redtdi*. I 
• tent blue, excellent cenditiae, i 
SSm j&rL'h_____________ 
TI MSZ, euceffent. Wk* now. aff, 
9 9 *1 >1744 444 447) ar best I TJ TMI * speed off, AM PM , 
*— 
--C k extra eb o n 1 bod with inter tor 
341 IS I) Offer 
$ 

71S-WPHbi 

CL ASSICI V ST V I E O 74o 5 
1974 taffy eau bood 4 do 
■ I 
Gun M etal pray with un iou* w k ib vtnyt b o 453-t i 79 
72 M ER C ED ES RR NZ 24PC ~ 
I d io r , fu lly loodud. O rip ip o l ow ner, w ill finance call J e rry 
Porrbh. 349-4944, >24-7971 
44 Mercedes b en i 194C, 4 doer sedan, sand b lo te , rod uphol 
Herod, oulo. toed cond 41,99$ 
SI3-4499 

19*8 Mercedes Diesel. 4 doer. Ob b I ) m ibs par a aden mu. $249$, 
">az H i t g H H i U a s t e M . . 
71 Mer cedes 22o-o I owner, aw 
DSF H Gt1U8IGf! ii 
NII Cfi fS y « ;"* 
________ 
/ I MERC EDES 444 IL 
Like wow 
M.444 ml 
922-9*91, 
341-433) 
44 M ERC ED ES 22bt Vary weed condition A ir, ex tro s i Am tm. if**}"! IW?|- I'FU.- f t M M L , 
74 M E E C E ORZ RENZ 
454 EL. $1$.5M 
'49 M ER C ED ES BENZ 
M$ SEL 4.1, $14,25* 
___________ Etbm$___________ 
MISSION C ITV IM PORTS 
M ERC ED ES RENZ Sole* Service r n I**? m m 
74. 4M SCL M orcM bs in a a _____ 

P O R S C H E 914, 197) 4444* E x ­ c ellen t condition. 227-7575 d a ys , m u g a g r ♦ 
74 Porsche 914 1.4 Hire A M F M s te re o , > - t p * * d ll ,4 4 4 m ile s . 
H M R, 14254. 1-257-7241. K t r r y ff b 
74 P O R S C H E I 4 
JHOUSSttmiHL 
N e w y e llo w 

1974 P o rs c h e , S it S p e rlo m o m 
? 
M g g 
* c 
W1- 47I 9 
Ti P orsche t i l T a rd o . $ speed, paupos A M -F M s te re * b p t 
Al- 

7 IS KOGUT 

71 P E U G E O T $44. le i cclient m echanical can 
!?*r' 

M m l E x p u b . b r . 

 r n mm 

ALAMO TOYOTA 
Aero** From Airport 424-472) 

H U L l-jO g g m ________ 
*75 KUCA ST 
T o k * o v e r p a y m e n ts , n e t a u t ly a i C r o f t M n n o n er, *49-4*44 

•74 c o d o . .L A co n e *, o ff. w M f fi. f h fw h f t f ; i l 9b* 117-9934, m m ) 
‘TS Cor ew e D elu x e 
I d e e r, a o b . a i r , A M P M 
14, 5 *4 m l. S t p t r 

 f jH f l! U H I f t,________________ 
71 C o ro n a. 4-dr., a ir , rad te. new 

■ N ext tuna tho a p t pu m p 
4t*ftB to pom *1o OO and irt tho s e c o n d tim e thi* w eek th ai y o u va had to fill up. think ab o u t tho E P A • S4/41 m pg,* an d th * lo w eel p riced g a t yo u ca n buy! T h e ta w h at it c o u ld bo Ilks if yo u o w n e d a H o n d a civ ic C V C C 
6 - S p e e d H a tch b ack 

• I hie ta the m ileage ch am p tor 1977 

See wha! The world is coming to a t. . . 
TOM BINSON 
IMPORTS, INC. 

9 5 o o SAN PEDRO 

341-1 356 

I T 
W l u g , g o o d c a n d . n e w i>u it, 5*5o or b e s t o ffer *78 *474 

’ o VW l u g , good IronspO ! lotion 
$995 *55 11 l l 
T 4" M 
B u g 4).664 m i , I ew 'n *r, go o d cond $ l* * t 92J-4941 

“i t V w i U G 
N ew p o in t, u oh o T s t o r y , A M P M c o s e ll e 
59oo Or b est o ffer * 55-44* 4. 715-5442 
Tt VWhUf e. Ltt^g ■ 
81*75. 
7 P v W t u i 
_______ 
>21-44*4 
C o m p le t e e n * in * o v e rh a u l $15oo Con 45) 91*4 
~*T'7 'w ~L ii s‘~*e x c »11 e n I e n g ln 't 
G ood tire s 12 volt sy s te m R o d b , h o o ter 
*115o 224 4*51 fro m 4 : to 
3: Offer 5: M i n t s ______________ 

‘i t V w b u t g o x f ru n n in g cendi- tw o . a r g o t c a m p e r *995. 455-7394 

:7 5~7 W ' 8 U I 
7 p o s s , aut*.', a ir , 
A M -F M , m u lt lp b x . law m ile a p * . 
549oo 924 JIM 

ITW tnyi.rie OverHaul VW 
M E TRTCM A S T b R , 424-7427 

'* 1 V W F o s t b o c k 
H e e d e r a x - h e u s t , b o d y e n g in e e x c e l l e n t condition, $7oo 924-9) 1$. 

T T W 
P m M l I M M m i. H U I . 
4 $4-o221 

T i W d l i . o . o n g in o am il Ir o n s mission w a r r a n ty $15*$-*$$ l l l l 
T i'V W M icro t u t . reb u ili en g in e, n ee d s b o d y r e p a ir , m u st te ll $4$o 
*44-4434 

P M . 
W pop I l l J t l 
S t p r c r a t t t a a l t r a ile r , s le e p s 4 
MSO T ra ile r tits c a m p e r , w ill sell lap a th e r or s e p a r o b i 

7' n 5 W k a b b IV lik e d r a b ly 494 2* 72. 

 m TOYOTA 

534-3414 d a y s l f 

 n e w , S27oo 
■ h T i w i e v e s 

R eb u ilt e n g in t, 
$4)1 

ROD EAST 
VOLKSWAGEN © 

N O BETTER CAR 
N O BETTER Pl ACE TO BUT 
I A O I N I. lo o p 41 O 
Q O Q l O m f n it o f N a io g d o r h e i R d 
O • 
O “ 
B 
A a t ■ 

1 o % O F F 

1o% OFF OF IMPORTERS 
SUGGESTED RETAIL PRICE 
WITHOUT ACCESSORIES 
AT PORT OF ENTRY iX A M P L E r 

 syj 
UAL! HI 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE 
COVERAGE 

The* C o s t O f M o l a r M a c l» tfn t« «rf * * * * * * * 
1 2 
M e h t f u O r 1 2 , o o o M W * * , W h lc K a v a r t o m e s 
Rrgfl 

A M O T O R S (N S U R A N C I C O R P O R A T IO N A 

76 BUICK every 
# 142 9 A . . 
TOUPS TOR ONLY 

. liver, burgundy bu rgu ndy 
Infertar, en 
Ie option, v a ry i 
•H A IL I VO * $ 7 o o o . 
•5995 
76a D“!2!!lf5 ^ r r K s f p bw tkel sauls, column dWff, d rive In » fy b y e t s, 1 4 ,3 2 7 mftex 

Cheyenne t a p e r 2 o rick up, 
■ w h ite w In- 
74 CHEVROLET daw ta mp er (had. e a t em otic, air, p a w 

 s s ? £ S S 7 ' ? t ’J S ! fc r r f s r i " T 

7 5 o io s M O B iw 

S S S S e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e . e e S W I C f A L 

PRICE: 
SAVE: 

RABBIT 
* 3 4 9 9 * 
............ *3 4 9 .9 o 
IN C LU D IN G M ODEL 1 7 o 1 

75 FORD 
'SrTmJtftV rn nr a vlw wekp^ IMTWi Wrrwmwry* Y 
.■ cedent, only 1 5,319 mWa* . eir w ith pawer 
. . a 1o41A 
. 
75 OLDSMOBILE 
"t-'T n fe rb r, nut emetic, SSO V -4 , cdr, pow er, ebon cor . . . W4S32A . . . W AS » 4 4 9 & . . . 
NO W 
74 FORDfinrJatri& T Z X Z eutem etk V -4 , air, uh pow er, beautiful inside and out, many extras . . . *2 2 d O A . 
Ute 
Pickup, 
Staff, 

*4695 

*4695 

*3995 

‘3895 

‘3495 window w ith 
NEW CAR SHOWROOM 
OPEN 9 A .M .-9 P.M. 
SEE THE ALI 
NEW '77 VOLKSWAGENS 
3 Y e a r/5o,ooo Mile 
Warranty Available 
USED VOLKSWAGENS 
’76 TOYOTA 2 5 . ft JJS r * *"!■ ‘3995 
'76 VW BUS w to m a tk , a ir, ro d b , on* o w n e r .. ‘5895 
75 VW SUPER 
‘2995 
74 VW SUPER br', d e w ,.............. ‘2595 
74 VW BUS 7 p es ie liger, standard, r o d b 
‘3895 
’74 DASHER ! 3 K C r ^ ,7Hr."*:.‘3295 
73 TOYOTA standard ................................................... ‘2395 
72 VW Stamford, e x tra eb o n , law m ile a g e 
‘1975, 
72 VW BUG Standard, d e a n 
.............................‘1595 
’68VW.«„dm .................................. MOSO 

O v e r IO O R D W A u s n d c o r * in s to c k 
SERVICE OPEN 7 to 6 
PARTS OPEN SAT. ALL DAY 
Lone Star v o l k s w a g e n 
33o3 Broadway * 8 2 4 *7 3 I I 

75 CHEVROLET _ brown Interior, 4 -speed w ith air, sport wheals and railed white totter Hr ex, like new , 2 4 ,3 3 2 
U 22S 7A .......................................... 
LeSabre. * deer, m edium blue, w hite blue Infertar, autom atic V - i , alt. 
‘3295 

 fog, Mini W it Including •toetric wjkvdow*, ft o h , 
74 BUICK aU paw # 
__________ 
_ door la d ii, a v ite control, A M /E M stereo, m ore ( J j ( | J 

73 CHEVROLET 
X I SEX, X iJ ilT window compar choil, 
3 o7 trn m lssb n . 35,457 milos . 
V -4 , 
3-speed 
• 5 3 4 2 A . . . . beautiful sky nyl roof. autom atic, small V -4 , 

*3195 
74 MERCURY f i r m d a b b b . viny. ro o f blue cloth Interior, autom atic, small V -4 , air wHh p o w *^ J O . t l t mites, showroom condition j 2 7 9 5 

74 PLYMOUTH Sd dew roof, automatic only 2 7 ,3 *4 m ibs . . . * 4 7 * 1 * 
IW O u r n n ID V Carnot, 4 -door, w hito w ith blue r v m CKA.u k I Into Hor automatic air with pow er, white vinyl n 
3 o,3 33 m ibs. like now . . . * 2 3 1 

 green w ith w hito Lon- 
Is cpert trim , whit 
4 -cylinder, oh w ith pow s 

_______ 
4-cyHncUr, vinyl root, 
A M /EM , 

‘2795 

* 7 6 T O Y O T A Mort. II 4-door sed an, out em otic. a h candtfbnad, AM EM radio, pew er steering, pa w e r brakes, 4 -cyffn d e r .................................................................... 
* 7 # T O Y O T A Land Cruiser, a h conditioned, ro d b , 4 - 

’ 7 $ C H C V R O U T Me m s Carta, autom atic, a h , p aw er windows, paw er brakes, pow er steering, cruise 

* 7 4 O A T M m V a X O - Z , oh conditioned, re d b . d-’ y i t H • s s s s e e e e e s e e e e e e e e e e e s e e e e e e e s e s e 
’ T S P O W T IA C Oran Ville, autom atic, a h , AM -EM, tilt 
•76 CHIVY VS-too Pickup, BoiTOfTio Rorlotr autom atic, air, to Am, pow i f itttr ln g , tilt w H c t l ............................. 

* 7 4 V O L V O eh cenditbned, ro d b 
..................................... 

’ 7 6 H I - L U X Pleb-up. ah conditioned, ro d b . 4 -speed , 

* 7 3 T O Y O T A CoroNe, rodto, d r , .U te m oth, nice. . . . 

* 7 4 C H I V i m radio, only 1 4 ,4 o o miles . .................... 
* 7 3 C H I V R O U T T N ova 4 -d e er, d -c y lb d er st anda rd. 

* 7 3 V W E netback , radio. 4 - sexto d. nice cer 
’7 8 F O R D h t ih w egen. outem oth, caprieneky n i c e .............................. 

* 7 3 P IN T O W agon, autom atic, oh, ro d b . 

* 7 o O U M Curbs! Supremo. .U te rn otic, oh, 

* 7 3 I M P A L A 4-door, autom atic, e 

‘4995 
*4995 

*3895 
‘4895 
*4295 
*4395 
*3395 
*3695 
*1695 
*1995 
*1295 
*1295 
‘2495 
*1199 
*1195 
‘ 1295 

D K I'V K K i m ? m m n ti 

3 4 8 3 4 F r e d e r i,k » b u ,g R d. 
7 3 6 - 4 4 7 1 

 t a g r u n i D A i n Monte Corte, brow n, tan tan - r d L r lC V K U L C l dou roof, tan xwtool bucket se a ts, eutumortc V -4 , ah, aff pa w e r Including electric win do wx. door bckx, cruixe control, 
A M /E M with 4 -trode, much m ore . , , U 3 o 4 S 4 t a o i l E B n I D V Capri, light groan w ith brown 
/ 4 m c K L U K T bucket sSatx.^atom atic 2 4 o o 4 - 

‘2695 

‘2695 

 cylin d er^ohjwith pow er, gouges, 3 1 ,3 4 4 m ibs $ 2 4 9 5 

71 OLDSMOBILE green w ith gro on**^ta rta r!**- poxieng er, autam afic V - t , ah w ith p aw er, roof rack, i8 E l t nice . . . st 114 2 A ...... ............ 
I v a ( A D h Maverick, 4-door, brow n, braw n in- 
/ J r U K U tartar, autfmtsrttc 2 5o 4-cylinder, oir, power, very dean, 4 7 ,* 7 3 m ibs . . . « 4 7 1 1 C t a g 7 i m i O A I C T Novo 
Hatchback, beautiful 
/ J L n t V K U l l I blue, b b . b te r b r , autom atic 
3 5o V -4 , oh, Bower, sport wheels and mirrors, sharp . . . * 2 1 7 4 * . TTT........................ t a t D i l l o n thytarfc. 3 door, gold, boigo vinyl in- 
/ I D U l v K tortor, autom atic, oh w ith pow er 
Steering, power brakes, very ebon ond de pen- 
. . * 1335A .. ................... 
Dart, 2-door, light blue, w hite vinyl 
* 
*-*- 
- ■ autom atic 
• - pow er brakes. 
73 DODGE 

7o CHEVROLET cob _ oh, pows 

* 3323A 
Caprice, 2-door, Croom, gold doth interior, antem etic, V -t, 
. o r steering, pow er brakes, 
4 4 ,o o o mites, super nice cor, flurry b r this one 
, . , * I * 5 o 4 .7 7 7 . .......................................... 
73 OLDSMOBILE 
Hor, out o« nu th . 
V -S , oh, pow er, 
AM /EM stereo, bobs ond drives geed. » 2 I 4 4 A 
ONLY 
IC A A A n r t Den* $ wk, gar. 2 door ha r dtop, 314, 
I i i U v D w l V t, pow er .tearing, to tte ry ah, green, green vinyl b p , vinyl interior, extra nice. Low m ibs. Runs like “ 
71 PLYMOUTHS m: cylinder, oh a ith power, 
• I 21 IC 

_ ex tro tre n d N ew 
4 -d p ar. braw n w hit outomoric A- 

74 CHEVROLET bbck bucket soots, 7-ipoed transmission, —„ . 
. * 3 2 2 7 4 

^ bucket seats, 
A M /tM , ail carpeted, 

*A O D A U T I A J* CptoMna. 
2-door, light green 
O Y I V i m I A v with green tobrtor, autom atic 
V -t, a h with pow er, .wary d e a n . . . . 8 2 4 3 7 1 . l i e D A U T I 4 f Catalina, 2-doer, w h ib w ith bleo 
OO r U N 11 A L interior, eutom otx V - t , a h w ith power, 
5 4 ,1 3 * original miles, g reet transportation ond dean . . . * 2 3 3 4 4 .............. 

SBR V ice, W H A T i r s ALL ABO UT 
QUALITY USED CARS 
LEASING & 
RECREATIONAL 
VEHICLES 

‘2295 

*2195 

2195 

‘1995 

*1995 

‘1895 

‘1695 

‘1595 

‘1395 

‘ 1295 

* 995 

995 

•7 5 V W B U S 
12-oattenger, aute. $834* 
Hemphill Mc Combs Northwest 
Boti dare Rd al Lead 4io 441-1411 
44 VW Chrome wheels, rod lo is. excellent mechanical cand 
735-HEB. 
" frW v ileon , new eng. so Ford 
Hood. $14o4 8*4 4451 337 4*3* 

HIGH GAS PRICES ARE HERE!! 
SH THOI 1oW COH fCONOMV CARS AT TRADfWINDS 
75 PLYMOUTH Bullit coupe, 6, air, oulo, power 
75 RAB8IT 4-dt. air, stereo, immeculeti............. 
74 PINTO Wogon , Vt, out*, OK, luggage rack, rockets 
75 RABBIT 2 deer, aff, cete little car ......................... 
73 VOLVO ffegon, outo, wt, fuel injection, (Ieee . 
75 PINTO 2-6 radio, low nu (ult ............................ 
74 VW Super Beet. re *. , dean, original 
................. 
74 OPEL MANTA 2-6 hardtop, radio, outo thorp 
74 GREMLIN/ db, meg wheels, rod tots Sporty),.. 
& % 

‘2595 
*2695 
*2495 
*2495 
*2995 
*1995 
*1995 
‘ 1695 
*1495 

K A D E W / N O S 

Colvin 
*G tahomV 

2/o3 r \%j t 
3oo3 S.W. Military Dr. 
92 A■DEAL ^ 

 l i n c o l n til R f C V I V 

I 1 2 3 N . M A IN 
2 2 5 - 6 5 o 1 
LUXURY CAR SFECIALS 
T 
’74IINCOIN SR l““ 
*4895 • 
75 MARK V 
^ 
>8495 J 
■76 CADILLAC J f J S t f M T ’* ‘86952 
I T I aa A D I# I U hhile, lipstick option and . . . . . . ™ 
I O J T lA K R I V moon roof Seeded 
74 LINCOLN r.n 'itT 
Town Car, ginger moonduit, lead‘1o25oo 

726 NISCELLAMIWS AUTOS 1738743 
I 
AUTOMOBILES 

TW OVfRHAUi .4oo CMO l l M e -12,444 mi W a rran ty 
N o rth»ide Bug R e p a ir, 494-5*4* 
W w lug* camper, ole,' I M - 

 cand $454 trode, 342 7o9] 
'TS FfilB Woden leaded S iW 
I ‘71 T O R IN O 4-door 
............... $**$ 
‘7* M A VE R IC K 4 Standard 
$»*5 
I 44 OMS 4 doer 
............. $$9$ i 4* IM P A LA 4-d#or .............. $4*5. 
I 7o OLDS 4-deer .................... $t*$ 
7o AMBASSADOR 4. fid .. $4*$. 
S M IT H S U » *d C a r t 
74$ 5 ALAMO 
224 *144 

■ 
STEPHENS ■ 
AUTO-GAR AG R-S A L I* 

732 IHICti 

I j B t o 1c k C # n T u r T a ir ? o u p e r^ T ! autom atic, pow er, factory a ir, chrome wheels, low mileage Like new ‘77 license $24*5 Will trade 
I *2) 2*41 
‘^3 Buick Electra Lim ited tru e 
Luxury! With every pawer option 
One ow ner 
$3$4o v a lu e , w ill sacrifice b r $27*5 4*4 sot? r 

'73 MARK IV Bort eon. loaded GF 1o7 
73 BUICK fleclro 4-door hardtop, Mu*, leodtd. 

‘4995 • 
‘5895 P 

 ie e iJ t 

78 FORD 
■71 FORD. Slue 
T i 
O LO * m iles, $7384 A lto 

$**$ 
4**$ 
Cruiser 
.. $21*5 
51444 5$ 
. . $15oo 
. $*22 $5 
. I U * 7$ 
724-1*41 

W 
7 J4 o64/ 

12 VW decently rebuilt tn *m e dutch. 2 new tires, super clean stoa 47$ im ffT V W icirecco 

71 

 a ir, au la New lira s cetiihtipa 

'' 
•><! 
■ bps. FM 4-trpck tie roe $**> 123* 
F raper ic sburp, N ew R rpuw fPlt, 
Tg. 1 42 $-***# _________ 

711 HAT 

71 FIA T It*. 
$142$ mr RPM a t m 

R ums waff 
7)4-4127 ar 

7* F ia t t $ t $ g g rl, lu st p e a r- npubd Col. 4**Jj|JL 
72 FIA T 124 Stollen Wa#sa. 4444 
Mum. 

EIHI—VOL 6311 63oCS1 
Coff 
David ffe tM b f# / jTTT jY n IMW tdii'tir ut.Hum storaa H rp c k 
22 J* mpa Clean 
S46UU 
..................... .............. 
111 CAM! 
74 / L i n . ^ i T A i r " ; ; v 
; d tly k * totaripr 4 tea . under 
11,44* m i Recane*! cand, 7 7 b u t $2*54 M I 1*44 

12* $L FIA T, pf*, pm tm 6-speed 
• l* $ f. accep t lf pda 
424 O ld sstti m imxis_____________ 
HI M l 
'■74 'tEONOA'TIVRr^Sadh1 tiff. pm ipdtp 
22,4*4 miles 
$17*5 
4M-4244_______ 
‘72 H ead* Coupe l f jus miles. 44 m a * E x cellen! cgadftiea Rest 

ROBINSONS 
SPORTS URS ti m oor t i m 
73 THMffff Spirt vt....'MIB 
74 HA? (eupei (2)...........I U t ! 
74 HA? Urn lurgendy { I M S 
74 fUT Cern led 
.ARM 
74 TRHJdRFbf IRA 
I IH M 
WI ALSO H F Alt MOST 
MAASS ES MMM CAO 
MORAS OH 

EME I 
M i i m 

•***! iJLSStNM tend 47M7»i 
I 72 CdreHff. L id d e d. >11*4 Very layu mnsAma EAA 6/WIA 
Bm 
............. 
'72 Cerite Mark ll. Air, t-tp jT , exceftotrt 7)4-t$)E 774-71** 
IF YOU CAN t U V A RE TTE R 
I ffU ILT SMALL CAR THAN AT 
DRYER TOYOTA 
RU T IT 
Ackee I Teacher's, ‘71 Teyeto Ce 
; rep*, euto. aff, 44,TM ml $1,75* a n t u _______________________________ 

• 
• 
• 
'72 TOYOTA CARINA 
2 Boor BRIGHT AEQ * 
RADIO, HEATER, 4 SPEES. 
ECMMICftl MIST SELL 
224-SISS 

'74 Tevoto Corona 47 OOO miles, air. AM F M $H$ 841 344o 
‘f t Toyota toroliu"5V iux#, auto transm ission, rad ial liras. A C. 
I*.*oa miles 
$)*ta best effer 
AM-2214 
■VI Toyota Corona f sud., must salt! $•$« 4)2 7*13 
T T T B V 6 Y A 4 doer auto eir, Rig 
John 724 *2*1 
VI Voyolo 
H T x c e lle n f. runs per tact $12*4 mr offer 4)3-4142 
-T 6V8TI or U g T HTftmA 
174) A I M IL IT A R V ORIVE 

TOYOTA OF SKGUIN 
Op«n eves til 9 
Toll Free: 224-4183 
T f lY d u w A a w n v m R d C 
IL A . 1***CC, ATO AWIFT 
NEW 
TAGS 
G OO D 
O B I V » I 
SACRIFICE 11*5o 8J5 I 6 4 I ^ ^ H 
H Vuygfa Wagen ?lean T 
W 

77 Teyeto Carene 44.*44 rn: h U W F M . U A ** 112-1*4*. 

MSL 

 l i m 
'■ «»«»« C t r n * r n or t n t 
1444 
4-dr $154 sr 

I CYCC Ape rill ce *22** 
5 ter e t lupgage rack 4o4-2274 

7* 8AG* eeewmw uewJTffge tlfd * s i.lea, rn s L j m m ____________ 
1*74 M G I Cen ver lik i* . Lew 
T"ff*R»e D4»5 Chgei#t*r 1|> 1771 
‘t i MOB Cenvertibie ever dr ive, 
A M FM s le re e Ie e e lu te e g e reek. ethel e x u a t. I* OM miles w a c o l r n * r n sass * e t _ 
'7 | MOB. excellent, lew mi pir. tiO M 344-MI7 
............ 

‘74 Tpypto Cereffa, 4-dr, pule. Fir. 

 f M M I 1! * ! . M T & l Q A T 7 1 ! , 
72 TO YO TA C O RO LLA I dddr, am -tm ra d it. neptor, 5) 8o4 mi 
Recent com plete overhaul Bs- cellenl cand Daughters car $1)5o 
M M M * 
T S T S f k g g rg n d T T T T d TlcR 
R C -IU Am -4m, air. radials M OM 
■T. e x c e lle n t I $ 2 4 *1 / D a y s , 
7)4 1435, nibs 722-4471 

Ceti i l l i i n M ffi UTTir Im assume payments 
; en T e v e tg a u te 
P r e fe r a b ly 
5 speed . 
MO 52*1 
4*4 4334 Mrs. 

723 TRIUMPH 
— rrm xnm um — 
Authorited Spies end Aerytce 
Triumph Alfa Rome# 
I t l l PROAOWAV 424 I H I 
WuslTsti' TWf Tnum eh t p .if f r l' 
Rest effer 4*4 $*»i ewes 
Ti VW 7, am im air i i i A* ml 
D IM 227 4 * ii, 7)4 )55) 
T T Tn U fA F H g r n U A A Must 
SOU 224 441* 
HYIiUAtFH TIA I uni trtdil 
IS M FG $2*M ))7 i l l ! 

 i i a"n or n *rdo. oir b g lamps I *47 2241. i T T -V w -SgJ'p r.b a c k 
Ix c e l l.n t condition Caff 424 447* ENO a 
7 1 VW ig u a re b a c k Ix c v lle n t condition Call 124 447* 
T T W 
41 i s ia ilen wagon, e ir, I eutemptic S22*$ 8)5-11)1 
>4 ItW Super, alii' auto i i , IM mT 
$1*54 122-41 >2 
4<> V w . very appd cand A4M fir best effer. M I 2477 
T T Y W W AftfiU AM Very geed cendftipn, must sail 
Cash only, i 
124-7**$ 

; I * ore selling our kpbv I Clepe. I awner ‘44 VW with 4oHF engine recent pain) tab. good condition 
*4*$ 414-174*, *>4 5777 
726 mw__________ 

WV J 74 7DI. v & i a u lt ""*"17! pawer 17,OM miles One awner 
14M5 824 424), 874 1*14 offer $ 
FTR'i? Y IH VflLVS------ 
IN SCOUT DEALE R 
111 BALCONES NORTH 7)2 214) 
T T T o T v ft U 4 # ” 
IV7 Teed- iud 
I reel. date, 4 ) «t« m iles, under blue beep at H S M >44-134$ atter $ 
I 
^ 7 1 V A I VO 14 i i 
” 1” 
4 speed, air lie r ae radfgts. 122o* firm 128 4*5f 
T r v ^ e ti*4 O verdrive ilA f! 

Visto 

*72 CH EVY Im pala ... 
71 IN TE R N A TIO N A L 
I *74 VW Snuarebock 
.. e* CH EVY Malibu 
541 WEST AV 

W H Y W A IR V.- pheui Buying a 
Used C o rf Our cars all carefully setoctca inspected and carry a 12 month or 17 * o o mi pewer train 
« o i fo u fy. 
These cars have it be goad See us before you buy! 
GOLDSTAR Auto Gallery 
23o1 SAN PEDRO 732 A ll# 
TRINH 
Tm SgnSSgrT^W xcenehrcenT’ law mites S IM * 87) MS/ 
T T O * ! A l l a 6 6 ;. wT S g ffToulb air, i door 
Red. very cleans?)#. 
453-17*7 p r w m r n r c s s is m 

IsA h u ic k 
L a 
A o T F eT O bumper, SIM. 4)2-*111. 
T r i u n e k : ;T o b-r-r c u 8 ie m " T door hardtop 
Fully boded New rodipl fires, #m -fm sleree lope. ! real nice! SMM 424 )557. i P Tf g - r r r p t f f T r T T n i ; n~;~ 
S47M Going overseas, must SWI I 
34*414$. 224-4*4). w r a c k L ,m „ i r Ruff gew tr " Al l th# extros 
14.4M ml. S it** will , buy 4*4 7917 
7i Bu,ck Lim ited L iO & J w TTi; extros! Under 14.oo* mi 4$)-*t24 
1*74 Buick LTO . top condition leaded $437$ r n 314* y j' T iT i2TK~o'Hi c >oT~I OC ii t a r s rtieTi engine 222 1)4? 
74 Buick re g a l 
Lan dau 
H r ' paw er, * track stereo, m a rte n white tap. inter tar E x tra clean 
SH M Atter S M . 453-4M* 

7t Buick Regal landau 
V *. aute, p a w e r b it, ch ro m e 1 wheels AM FM stereo tape. 6* 4 t| seat 
Under 
4,OM nu 
$4754 
344-$444 

‘3195M 
’73 MARK IV by,,................‘5295 # 
’75 fORD LTD iSS ^ um 
*399$ Bl 
SMA L l CAR SPECIALS 
• 
77 MONARCH JJT % 
,m ‘54oo Et 
75 GRANADA “ SbT”"-'"'"’ * " ‘3995 • 
75 PLYMOUTH •» *” “ * “ 
76 CAPRI ll 
74 MAVERICK 
• 75 MONARCH 
74 MUSTANG u i w . 
76 MG ST- 

 ytdoxr, 4.4J9 mdrs 
» 7 $ .................... 

 red, tm end povei, 481o2 
.. 

Ohio Mock, leaded. 23,ooo 
" •le i.. M IO .................... automatic, of, stereo. 

‘2895 • 
'3495 S 
‘2495 - 

>3895# 
*3195# 
‘3695 
• O O O O M B O O O O B O O I B 

1 
- .6 1 P B W */ steering *27 4)44 
T T g'ltl 
M i m 6 aula. air, real nice SIAM. 344-372* it O rtm lln, 1 1 Awner. $1 IT T r un 
43 J-ID $4 

M 'g RBTAl in Mtodr!' automofic, a ir , 27.444 m i lt s , $147$ 
C a ll 
Manuel 341*4)3 g T e m H n '' '94, S speed 
A ir, en# 
72.4M miles 
D IM , 

Jim 734 $»I7; 212-417) v « i V C 'TTT - f I ¥ iT T ' 1 4 i 
| | M 
. 
M IL S *. BUT D RIVES 
P E R F E C T OOOD RODY 
NEW 
TAGS 
SMS 
MUST 
SCB 
ISIS 
CULRRRA 
I >1 ’'.I I 
... _ T T o n d - 1 « 3 ; 7 
Geed cenditien UA MSI_________ 
'73 V d lve W agon g e e d cendL*. 
IM M mr bast offer Wkdeys att 7, anytime wkends SSO* I JI 
7 T W CV 6 W A 6 6 n A ile m gfir . 
« r Lew miles I el aw Blue Beek 
$2*54 SM *$44 

 owner 
T A M M ! 
TT gremlin !ig n < T Y 4 7 1 H -H m 
A ir $m$4S)**M 
Tm 
FU I IM, si r am im 4 track rod ie 11 ISOM mi 444 1717 
WFffMt 4-6eer >tut.un egged, 4 slenderd $4)1 bes! offer Ale lobo 
TT WAI HIT leer I a be ut: a;,’ pewer steering, large 4, aute 
AM FM stereo tic tibet 414 1727 
MBI 
______________ 
’ i i i Javelin aula, air, paw er, excellent condition 4$4 UU 
J OY iii a# W T 9 r * 5 l* |, MUM with black vinyl t*». t i l l * mr bast effer AS* **72 
TTP Af Bl Leaded new steel radials Very cleoni With hor 
Fjjtf. MB-S4M. 
47 RAMBLEM. 7 doer he re lop 4 slendgrd 224*2*1 i i IAMELER. |g*d Imn>i.U' ■ lien Only lift 114 441* 
TTB IU IK I Weeen IT mo*. 
Irons overhaul *73-1444 

Ie e e 
658 4*o6 Atter 1} 
W T u T c 'k Repel. ow ner m u tt 
SOH, lolly leaded with CB. SSM mi, under warranty SU *8*4 

■ 
7 n ru.7 k'- I W r a ' Leaded B x c e l lent cand t aw ner S U M 
Ben 
J emeu, 734-4311, sis jim 
■ u g E Ik v ’hgw i: Y A I vory option 
Crept p s i mitoage, drive to ag p ffc k a to iM } *7*1 
W ffU t^ k 'Skylark hor die# A ufo air, vary, vary m c* SMM value 
Need cash First t U * ) 4*4 5M7 i i i ! IU I6W 

★ IN S T A N T C A S H ★ 
PAID ON THE SPOT 

CLEAN USED CARS AND TRUCKS 

STOP IN FOR FREE APPRAISAL 

USED CAR DEPT. 

TOM BENSON CHEVROLET 
9 4 o o S A N PEDRO 

78 CMNUAt 

Station Wager 
T m 
Geld 
* i, qm 
L, Mil ii4/ 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
*4*6 SAN P i ORO 
341-1 ISS 
73 BUICK 225 
Take ever goyments ne equity. call Credit Manager, M f 6f 88 
•i r w v t Tr e . '.T : 

74 CADILLAC 3435o ah extras Very nice! 174 4*St 
6» 'CADILLAC filiis Aim trade b i vmoii car M4 41*7 r .'fA D U I "A"if" Peiiov Dt 

733 CANU AC 

TS 
C A D IL L A C 
CO U 
D E V ILLB tow mi $8,2*$ AU 

I W e fe w «TT pow#) sleree. tope t i,Mi mi 14* *727 
. f t t*k *B re . 4 d a p E rT w is rs ir^ c ip 
IIM* 4*4 2114 
?n n m x Asire r»«/ l i t sis) Blier 7: 4*4 *34) 

 ynnn tow miieeee. extra ebon 
7) C A D ILLA C Coupe De V ille, le a d e d , clean 
A t* tar K e v in 
McGuRp* 727 MIS 
T L f e tBTloc feupe' Be'Vilto t h f f 
AU 5228 m m A* 66UI»* i s f j 
Runs 
Tip Ta p. 
122*141 
Rres like new 

7« S K Y L A R K 
2 Peer. b a e , J MMS nu . UAM 
Hemphill M i l on.hi N o rlh .y ii 
• tnaerp Rd bi Lebo 41* M i I4 )i im im AWVI-Rut* Few.; err Like new Cell A b v*. M I M*? 

69 CADILLAC SI TIO 
C nu se Deville iii shew* tem cf dfflddc 42BMA4 mm ft t!bdit!ac tenveTTTEit oppreciale 8554*11 

72 Cadillac Cb* DeVllta * 
L O A D E D !' 17 OM iLnes 
Af7*6 
JAMISON MW* Begum 72) 51*I < 
74 CMLU 3446o ; 
Devine ming. many extras. 
I l l 4 *1* 

W 
W B l l l A g , i m * f , M s m C 
SOM. *11 La Man da 
7 T ( \ .i’lTTe'c' T 1 OoTodo i l T r t : 
4 B c *il*n t cen d itie n , s ilv e r silver 7)1 )*2 ) et *32 4* * ) rA B iiu 'n iy i v f bu ih C 
C O N D I T I O N 
FO R 
O L O E H * 
M O D E L 
D R I V E S 
GOO De. 
)>M AUTO F A IR ISIS C U L E F R I 

- - - 
X bbb m 
Uke new (dust itll *$7 t i* * 

OLDEST 
PONTIAC-GMC 
DEALER IN 
SAN ANTONIO 

 loaded Firebird 
Monthly Payment 

« W 2 
..$56 95 
Only * 1 4 o . 6 8 * 

 leaded Grand Prix 
Montly Payment 

* 757 
$565# 
Only * 1 3 9 . 6 7 * 
SALE 
PRICES 
O f t 
EVERYTHING 
IN STOCK!! 
6 DAYS ONLY 

BRING THIS 
AD AND BUY 
AT 4 PER CENT 
OVER DEALERS 
COST 

 leaded Ventura 
Hatchback 8 2o2 
Monthly Payment 

TINDALL AND SON 
PONTIAC-GMC 
7 6 GML Pickup, leaded, 
NIGHT UNTIL 
3 9 o o S A N PED R O pawer ‘ 
Menthly Payment 
O D AA 
7 3 6 -1 5 6 5 
* 7 1 7 . . . ISOM 
Only ‘ 1 2 4 . 4 3 * o V . F A . 

•Abace monthly payment* baled en dawn poymenti et $5oo taih ar trade plus ta i, title end liceme with appreved credit Ta yet deferred poyment price, multiply 48 times payment shown. Annual percentage rate is $13.51. 

 leaded Astre 2-door coupe, standard 
Manthly Payment 
8 3 5 6 
$3785 
Only ’ 8 9 . 2 2 * 

OPEN EVERY 
NIGHT UNTIL 
8 P.M. 

TAKE OVER 
PAYMENTS 

ANO ASSUME 
BALANCE 

'TI NAT CaomrtlMe 
SIB*? 
7 ) MONTI (AMO t i m I 
71 KMB Val...................$11*7 
7o PONTIAC (a a m 
BTU j 
7J KAS Ptdmp Vi-tea .. MITI 
7* PINTO........................t i m ] 
7* oooo INKS VAN. law aUtaape............... M MI 
CALL 
JERRY MUMA 
2 2 2 -1 6 8 5 
222-8611 
I QTS SAN PEDRO 

734 DSVMET 

73o-743 AUTOMOBILES 

YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! 

7 7 CORDOBA 
2-door, automatic. 

Automatic, air conditioned, power steering power brakes vinyl interior, # 7158. 
*5742 aw . W o o * 
7*tot 
Swift 
JACK RIEGER 

C H R Y S L E R - P L Y M O U T H 
58oo SAN PEDRO 
732-8211 

733 CADILLAC 

•13 C a d illa c F le e tw o o d Brocton ans. 13ooo 736-4333, 9 to S. 

733 CADILLAC 

*74 fcodllloc t owner iie o n . low tniieaoe. Coll: 
SMT. 
______ 

72 E LD O R A D O E x tra s h a rp !! 
M ust s a c rific e M ake o ffe r.C a ll: 
MR B E N N E TT 222-OPB* 

75 CADILLAC SED Deville 
Like New, w a rra n ty. TA8-o197 

75 & DORADO 
*7oo m i. o il e xtra s. 736-3311 

C A D IL L A C ‘75 Sedan D e v ille , 
E xce lle nt condition 654 o*12. 
*71 C A D IL L A C ie d a n D e v ille , 
New radials, excellent. 4*4-5186 
*5 Cadillac Sedan SeVilio. sniffle aw ner, o il extras, low m ileage. 
126 8696. 
T i C O U P E b E V I L L E A m Im 
Stereo, tope deck, cruise control, 
66-4o p o w e r seats, a ll n o tio n s ! 
New R adials! M ust Sell' S63So. 
626-8748 
(I 
'7o COUPE DE V IL L E 
!» ' 
S16oo. C A LL 
344 8237 

74 COUPE DE V ILLE 
Loaded, 1-owner, low m i. 826 48o8 

77 COUPE DEVILLE n iy 3,ooo m i a ll lu x u rio u s oo- linim ents, 733-oo76 
6* E l Dorado 
By ow nor, S1ooo. 658-o547 

>4 ^ L b 6 " 6 A T> "8 " rjn ~ oT lik e new 552oo 4*4-5313_________ ____ 
T I 
E lO o ra d o . w h ite , fu lly equipped, exce lle n t cond. $3*** 
1-37* 1241; 124-3628 after 6 
T I 
F le e tw o o d 
B ro u g h a m dE legance, loaded, I ow ner, Im ­ m aculate, 58,3oo . 341 8124. E ven­ ings, 34* o2*7 
L u x u ry 1*73 Fleetw ood B rough am d 'e le g a n ce 4 d r. a ll eq u ip . 
227 *381 or 826 6666 

1974 RED 6 WHITE CAO 
E L D O R A D O C O N V E R T IB L E !! 
Has eve ryth in g ! t 
C all: 
John 
341-8211 

RIATA CADILLAC 
117 LE X IN G T O N ________ 226-7221 
72 SEDAN D E V IL L E *2175 
A ll E xtra s! B eautiful lig h t green white v in yl roof 
Low m iles. 
828-6*$* 

CA V E N D E R ’ S 
“ SPECIALS” 

• WM t A B B Thunderbird 
Coupe, factory air, all 
73 rUKU power and extras, ready to go................... 34V5 
-73 OLDS 
•73 BUICK W 5 J £ r-S ? ? :.im .‘2495 
'76 CHEVY 
‘5495 iw m /%■ M f Doha ta Hobday sedan, factory air, all s m a q c 
73 ULDj power and extras, vinyl top, clean . . . . . 
/ © 
“ 
J 

’76 DODGE 
MBB* 
’75 BUICK 
Jtwfe.'S;.*" r?'. .‘4295 

I S I A i n e Cutlass Supreme coupe, factory air, all s e J O F t O 
U L L O power and extras, stereo, cruise, mags 
J 4 Y D 

’75 oLDS {S ftK S S S ? ? . * . f .. ‘4295 
76 cuds r s ^ 
. ’s a .ty s .r r:.‘39*5 

’76 CHRYSlER^tm’itoSle t.* r ~ ‘5795 

 i w r r i i C W 4aKbo Classic station wagon, factory 
/ o v n t V M f, all power and o trtro t-...................... 
* 3 6 9 5 

74 MDS % S S T.K !S ro.S P !..'379S 
’75 FORD 
'76 OLDS SSZ^.TT:,m *:'"rr. ‘4995 

12,ooo MIU OR 12 MONTH MOTORS INSURANCE CORP 
MECHANICAL INSURANCE AVAIUBU ON MANY OF OUR 
7 4 OR NEWER MODELS. 
*’C O N F ID E N C E IS C A V E N D E R ” 
Cavender Oldsmobile Co. 
IOO! Broadway • 226-7357 • 226-8772 

75 B lazer, loaded w ith e v e ry th ­ ing, low mi. $$,8oo. 433-2643. 
49 Com oro 6, onto , air M ust see to appreciate. $1195. 653-3713 
68 CAMARO, A U T O M A T IC , A IR 
C oll: M anuel 341 *433 
67 C o m oro. i2 7, 3-spd., needs body work. Best o tte r 684-2oo3 
75 Com oro ty p e LT. S liver and red, fully loaded 223-9142 
68 C a m e ro , a u to , a ir , SI,IOO 
6*o-8oo6 a tte r 5 and wk ends 
6* C a m ero C o n v e rtib le 6 c y i., auto ., o ra n g e and w h ite . Good c o n d ition, clean in side. 223-6231 ext. 71; otter 5:3o, 653-1*86 
7S C A P R IC E L a n d a u 2 d o o r 
P o w e r e v e r y t h in g !! S te re o , c r u is e , t i l t w h e e l. 
As- sum epaym ents. and balance. Call 
M r Bennett, 22-o9M 
6* C hevelle i d r. h a rd to p 
35o, 
4 spd , looks and runs good S75o. 
I 557-5*63; 1-557 **31 
Chevelle 69 ii-3 *6 . Clean. Lean, 
M ean! I owner. 9 9 \ stock. Never raced $14oo 822-7754. nrm m 

'68 C h e v e lle . VS, nee ds m in o r re p a ir S5So. 656-2683_______ 
' i i C h e v ro le t, 4 c y lin d e r , c a ll a tte r 6 pm, 333 *114 

‘45 C h evy im p a la - 4 -d o o r, 327 eng , auto 
Good conditon. S39S. 
675 238*. 

67 Chevrolet 4 door stotion wagon 
M a lib u . A u to m a tic , good c o n d i­ tion $447 656-1ooo 
1*7o C h e vro le t Im p a la C ustom . 
E xce lle n t cond ition. One ow ner. 
826-9565, 695-8o56 

'61 CH EV Y Im pa la, auto. flnonc 
Ina available S285 . 224-441* 
'6* C H E V Y Im pala, fin a n c in g available $4*5 call 224-441* 

1974 C H E Y ftb L E T IM P A L A Cus- tom one ow ner. 2-door hard to p . 
826-9565. 6*5-8o56 
73 C h evro let im p a la E x c e lle n t cond Low m ileage. 6S3-2oO6 a tte r 
5:3o 
71 C h e v ro le f Im p a la C u sto m coupe, V I , a u to m a tic , p o w e r, fa cto ry a ir, like new '77 license 
SUOS W ill trade *23-2883 

>1 t H E V Y Im p a la , Financing available. $6*5 224-441*__________ 
68 C H E V Y Im p a la 2 -door. Is l 
54*5 cash, 732 3824 

74 CHEVY IMPALA 
2-door COUPE 
Auto a ir, pow er ste e rin g , b ra ke s. T ilt s te e rin g , vin yl roof ...................................52*8* 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
1*o1 S.W M ilita ry 922-6317 

71 tH E V R 5 'L e T T kT b gs'w'o od w a g o n , lik e n ew r a d ia ls , a ir shocks, good cond. SI31o. 341-3882. 
4* C H E V R O LE T M alibu Loaded and P e rfect! S**5 734-2oS4 
76 E h e v T o l e t M onte C arlo. w ill finance w ith same Credit. Call 
Woody. 433-1468 

'72 Chevy Im nolo. E xce lle nt cors- dIlion SI8oo 684-o4*5. 
71 f k e v y K ln g s w o o d E s ta te 
Wagon. Needs m otor w ork. MOO. 
732-666o 

68 C h e v ro le t M a lib u V 8, au to m a tic, po w e r, ta c to ry a ir, e x ­ cellent condition '77 license. 58*5 
W ill trade 923 2883 
62 Chev statlonw agon 6 cyl. 52oo bal 3mO. 822 3641; 653 *212 
*4* Cbevy C a p rice 
327 engine, runs well 54oo 826-71o6. 

67 dhevy M alibu. ^27 eng., stick shift, good ca r! 649-2143 
4k Chevy M alibu. V I, auto., a ir, pawer, tra ile r hitch. *27-3712 a tte r 
6 p m. 
'66 6 h e w M alibu. 354, 4-spd S6oo- best ofter 684 7241 aft $ 

NORTH STAR DODGE PRESENTS 
NEW 1977 DODGE CHARGER S.E. 
2 DOOR 
HARDTOP 
7 / ™ r $ 

V I, A utom atic, P ow er Ste e rin g , P aw e r B ra k e s, 

AX - m , Air CbnAHbnbA, Vinyl R e e f, * o / 4 o 

So o ts, G R78 X I S Steal B atted R o d iats, M any 

 ath a r o ption s. # S 4 I 7 . 
UST PRICE $68o8.3o 
SALE 
PRICE:*5897 

734 CHtVROUT 
C H E V Y '72 V a g o h a tc h b a c k . radio, engine gauges, clean. 
4*2*543 
•72 Chevy W agon, po w e r, excel- lent cond., reasonable 828-oo38 
•73 C h e ye n n e . L o a d e d . S24oo. 
M ust S ill 1-742 3o74.____________ 
Clean 1*76 Used C ars A t: 
BU DG ET R E N T A CAR 349-444] 
338 N E. Loop 41o a t A irp o rt Blvd. 

'74 C h ew C aprice Classic, i door, fu lly equ ipped , S335o. 461-4511, 
I 655-7322 eves____________________ 
1 64 Chevy Im pa la bood condition. 
Coll *24 622* 

’75 Chevy Monza 2-f 2 loaded, $328* 
H em phill McCombs N orthw est 
Bondero Rd a1 Loop 41o 681-1431 

72 CHEVY PICKUP short, V-8, standard, $1* 8* 
H em phill M cCom bs N orthw est 
Bandera Rd at Loop 41o 4B1-1431 
NORTH STAR DODGE 
7 2 4 2 SAN PEDRO 
3 4 1 -2 2 5 1 

CUSTOMERS WANTED 
NO EXPERIENCE 
NECESSARY 
PASHOIAN MOTOR 
CARCO 
17o7 BR O ADW AY a1 P e arl P kw y 
224-6*56 
74 E l C a m in o , lo a d e d , n e w license. 684-21*2. 
•4* Green 4 door Chevy, a u to , a ir, 
56oo 734-1274 
•TI I rn po tcT A ir, new tires, radio, 
SIoOo Coll 681-1871 
"ss im p a la clean, In out, needs 
Tune up. Fa r tnfp. 479-7M* * la * l l im p a la Deluxe 2 door h a rd ­ top $18*5. A tte r 6 pm , 653-1*33 ll -76 im oola 4 door, excellent low m ileage. $4.9*5 434-oo37 
I 
73 Im pa la 2 d r a ir, tow m ileage, one ow n e r, e x c e lle n t c o n d itio n . 
I Call M r G oldsm ith 876-2381 B m 
121. 

SPRING 

BONANZA USED 
TRUCK SALE 
TRUCKS • VANS 

SPECIAL OF T H I W E IK 

’ T C 
M t f l k 
N o tc h b a c k 
V .n y l r o o f 
* 
1 1 Q Q C 
/ J V CUA s p e e d , a i r , sto ck S P I 5 4 
I 
T I J 

 ti 
V 

1st SALE FOR 77 
1977 EXECUTIVES 
AND DEMOS 
ON SALE 
LARGE DISCOUNT 

* I I 

I R * B A R I A autom atic, air conditioned, pow er steering, $ A N O 
C 
/ } r V 
K 
I I stock #8631A ............................................................... 
* f 
T 
9 
1977 NOVA 
«2l*DooR 
I 
CHEVROLET Ch#y#nn* P,C,<UP a u to m a tic , air 

LET MR. GooDWRENCH ALIGN 
YOUR CAR'S FRONT END 
FRONT END a a I #» B l BJ E M V 
ALIGNMENT 
*6.95 

CHEVROLET CARS OHLY 

OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 

75 DATSUN 
Pickup 4-cylmder stock # 7 7 6 o 4 ..... 
3295 

 conditioned, power steering, stock $ / | / f f t C 
#8838A ............................................. 
®V"V JR rn 
TUNE-UP 
SPECIAL 
L-6 
Engine, wheel covers, whitewalls, window antenna, exterior decor package, tinted 
I glass. Stk. 15o6 and 1527. 
| 74 CHEVY 

74 FORD 

' V B f U C U D A I C V lj ton F,(k"P' V8 im 
V E I K V K W L K I standard stock #P9 

Van Vi ton Pickup. V8, standard, stock # P 1 1 .. 
‘4195. 

(plus tax, titla, license) 

11 ton Pickup. V8 standard stock #1o1 9A 

7 5 CHEVY s to c k « 1 3 8 4 A 

$3695 
*34951 
3o95 

4595 

Replace points, plugs, set timing and adjust carburetor, GM cars only. Reg. $39.95 

N O W 

O N L Y ‘29.95 

 i e I P U C Lf D A I B T ^ Commo Super Sport awtomafic, 
/ 4 VEIK V K V L K I air conditioned p a w e r steering r 4 I U C stock # 1347A ....... 
* 1 I T 
J 

OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 

'74 EL CAMINO 
VS , a u to m a tic , a ir c o n d itio n e d , power stoormg, stock # 1 2 4 9 4 ... ' ‘3895 

1977 CHE VETTE 
Tinted Glass, 1.6 Litre engine, 
Cigarette lighter, 
AM radio. 
Wheel trim rings, 
TURBO 
HYDRAMATIC 
TRANSMIS­ 
SION. Stk. 
15o1 
& 
1496. 
‘3595. ^ 

B 
I M 
U B I 

' V B F U C U D A I C V Scotsdale VS, '.-to n Pickup 
IW K 
$ 4 T O 
C i s VEIK wR WLK I Standard stock #1272A 
RNBirSP 

*76 CHEVY s 
*4695 

' V A 1 *1 1 1 1 1 1 o A l B V Cheyenne '.-ton IWB VS automat- I C 
T O 
C 
/O VEIK V K WLK I IC air conditioned stock #P26 
. . . 
J J T J 
E P C 
28 MPG City 
42 MPG Hwy. 
I '76 CHEVROLET 
Scotsdale V to n IW B . VS. autom at­ ic, air conditioned, stock # P 2 7 ....... *5395 

1977 CORVETTES 
IN STOCK . 
IMMEDIATE DELIVERY 

• W 
^ U 
B t i D 
A 
I B V 
,on lW H 
VB stan d ard un cond) 
$ A *E A 
C i rn VEIK I e WLK I f toned stock #727 A 
A f 7 
J 
*4195 
74 to n 
Van customized, standard, air conditioned, stock #1439A 

19o1 B roadw ay 

UNDERCOAT 
SPECIAL 

*21.95 

For all Mmi-Cars 

Other Cars 

 slightly higher 

OFFER EXPIRES MARCH 31 

A N C IR A W IN T O N - a - 

Ii 
BUY,RENT 
OR LEASE 

1 9 o 1 
BROADWAY 
EMV RTW ^ W F 
K MiWW WW WW W^Wrn 
El 
2 2 4 - 5 5 1 6 

Na F IL O H IE !S A lf 
MARTIN 

 m m . tm m i mmrn m m, m m m m jit 2 & m Sh rJI mwi m irn wmw mwW mww ^ ■w mm 

■ ^ " A n t o n io E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
S a tu rd a y M a rc h 1 2 1 9 7 7 

73o^743 AUTOMOBILES 
* 73o-743 - AoToMo8ILES 
73o-743 • AUTOMOBILES 
73o-743 AUTOMOBaES 

B ig g e s t s a le 

IN OUR 23-TEAR HISTORY 
OVER $1 MILLION INVENTORY 
TO CHOOSE FROM 

I 2 M O N T H S OR I 2 , o o o MILES 
M E C H A N I C A L I N S U R A N C E C O V E R A G E 
A V A I L A B L E O N M O S T 

NEW CA RS • NEW GMC TRUCKS • NEW EXECUTIVE, EXPLO RER 

A N D ITASCA MOTOR H O M ES • USED CARS A N D TRUCKS 

71 CATALINA 
TTT. ‘ 1188 

7 3 T oR oN A D o S3&&ZSA .‘M7uVmh' *2288 

7 6 GRANADA t . C M d riven only 1 3 ,o o o m iter . . . J U S T ......................4 5 8 8 
<7o rilT I ACC Supreme, 
3-doer Hardtop, ti LU I LASS hwy loaded, extra nice con- SAT O O dition , • . JUST 
..................................... 4 I D u 

7 3 CHRYSLER tui^r loaded, d riven only 3 7 ,o o o m ile* ... 
J27 BB 

72 MONTE CARLO In 'city, d riv e n "only tetra a 
4 3 .o o o m iles . . . JUST . . . ............................. . 2 5 8 8 

' T i r U C l / D A I C T Custom D e lux e VS ton INcb- 
* o v r l C V K U L C l up, d riven o nly 9 ,o o o m ile r C O Z .O O 
. . . j u s t .......................................... 
3 6 8 8 

7 3 CATALINA tZStf**. 'Stir*: T * " ! *1688 

7 3 GRAND PRIX raiwHtSm*^'. JUST*'.V.™ ’ 2688 

7 3 o1DSMoBIIE 25JS fully loaded, e x tra pood condition . . . JOST 
/ O O O 

< 7 7 r A T A I ISI A Satori 
Station 
W r a r r , 
P- 
U 
*2188 

7 2 GRAND SAFARI t l condition . . . J U S T .............................................. 
1 6 8 8 

73 BUICK 
M*r *2188 

7 2 FIREBIRD S f t o o W : 
~"v. *2588 

73 LEMANS £ m , AM/7M rufroY"! . JU S? *2488 

7 3 El DORADO SCL - l i f t “ 
- *2988 

7 4 FORD SS""'. j4utT: **.r 
‘2288 

7 4 GRANDVILLE £ 3 3 . SsttVst rtoroo! pow er w indew r. cruire control. d rive n only c a x o n 
3 1 .o o o m iler 
. 
JUST 
................................. 
. . 3 4 8 8 

74 GRAN TORINO 
. just...................................... ’2388 

7 5 GRANDVILLE I S S , power fleering. 
Hit wh eel, cruire control, p ow e r d e e r locks, t a A O N 
W ie new . . . JUST .......... 
*3988 

 t o r ^ A T A I IA IA • doer, luAy lo a d e d , AIS/ 784 
/3 LAI A lin A rtereo. cruire ce n tra l . . . 
*3288 

75 CUTLASS S m iler . . . J U S T ........................................................ . O T O O 

76 CUTLASS tX T Z Ltd od, bucket reran, SA C O O driven only 14,(WO m ile r . . . J U S T .................... * 4 5 6 8 

76 MONTE CARLO S# aMr*m,il^r ,4 , M j u s t ................................................................................. 4 5 8 8 

76 VOLKWAGEN S T conditioned, AIA/MA, lik e new . . . J U S T 
/ O O O 

75 GRAND PRIX 
"T. *4288 

75 TRIUMPH S C X .tS T n ^ ;. J S T *3488 

75 GRANADA E T ’. S®f. ! r T : 
*3488 

75 LEMANS 
. .K # 4; ‘3488 

76 CUTLASS « 5 r v # 5 3 S r j^JSTVS. t ta roo with A-trock, tuggoga rack, d riv e n 
SC I O O only 9 ,o o o m iler . . . JO W 
...............................J I O O 

 f a r [ A n n Curtom Vt ton Super C ab, ra d io end 
/ 5 r U K U ho o te r, autom atic, p ow e r rto erlng , 
S O B O N p ow e r b ra k e r . . . JU ST.............................................. cf O O O 

 t a r [ A n n I -ten D u n e Truck, p o w e r fte a rin g , 
/ 5 r L I K U pow er b rok e r. 4 -rp e e d , re a d y to t a r O O w ork . . . J U S T .............................................................. 3 J D O 

76 GMC d K W J f r . W 
*5888 
IWC n xx yr Sierra clarric VV ton Pickup, ra d io 
/ o W l f l L and h oote r, p ow e r • te arin g, p ow e r b rok er, factory air, 
3 5 o en g ine , d riv e n i j r g g o nly i i . OOO m ie r . . . J U S T ................................... 4 5 8 8 
7 4 MONTE CARLO SII 
,3 IM 

7 6 CHEVROLET HI ck u p, radio and h eate r, pow er braker. 3 S o en gine, d rive n only t a C O O 
ST .OOO m iler . . . JUST . 7 7 ...................................... 4 5 8 8 
73 CHEYENNE S S . “ .TS ’SSBI T 
,M M 

7 3 CUTLASS X K T S U is L JS rS t dition . . . JU S T ......................................................... 
Z / 8 8 
7 6 GRAND PRIX ^juIT^: m- 7T. *4388 

TINDALL AND SON PONTIAC— GMC 
39oo SAN PEDRO 
★ O PEN EVENINGS if 
736-1 565 

ANNOUNCING A SPECIAL 
SHIPMENT OF 1977 
CHRYSLER NEW YORKER 
BROUGHAM 
4-DOOR 
HARDTOPS 

The most elegant full- 

 size luxury car built today! 

It s the Talk of the Town and we now have a com ­ 

 plete selection of all colors and equipm ent and all 

 cars are ready for im m ediate delivery. Rem em ber 

 as alw ays — W e ’ re THE DEALER THAT M A K E S 

THE PRICE RIGHT! 

O.R. MITCHELL CHRYSLER/PLYMOUTH 

“ T he D e a l e r T h a t Tells It L ik e It I s ” 

2 8 o o B R O A D W 
A Y o p e n e v e n in g s 

{ A C R O S S F R O M B R A C K E N R I D G E P A R K ) 

B u d g e t 

Rent A Car-Rent A Truck-Fleet Sale 
DID YOU KNOW? 

 dr tv* when you RENT from 
Riding the fine fleet c o t s a n d trucks y o u 
BUDGET OF SAN A N TO N IO 
ARE FOR SALE 
SAVE 
SAVE 
SAVE 

Our fleet cars have been driven only by responsible business people like yourself We service our FLEET with TENDER LO V IN G CARE This mokes our cars on exceptional buy. W HATEVER your needs may be if you ore looking for a FAMILY CAR, A S E C O N D CAR', O R A CAR 
FOR THAT SPECIAL S O M E O N E FOR GRADUATION.* 

From “ Luxury" to “ Economy" whether a “ 2-Do©r“ or "4-D oor" we 

 have it. 

Before you buy “ S H O P TH E B U D G E T W A Y ” 

In San A n ton io see Don H am , Fleet M a n a g e r 
BUDGET OF SAN ANTONIO 
338 N.I. LOOP 4 1 o 
SEIL DON HAM, FLEET MANAGER 
SAN ANTONIO, TX 
3 4 9 -4 4 4 1 

 r n 
- a m u i 

73o-743 AUTOMOBHES 
~ 73o7^41}^ 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o743 AUTOMOBILES 
73o 743 AUTOMOBILES 

SELLS • RENTS • LEASES 

MATA 
CADILLAC 
317 LEXINGTON 
226-7221 

12,ooo MI./12 MO. 
CADILLAC VALUE 
PROTECTION PIAN 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
ON MOST 77, 76, 
*7 5 , and 7 4 MODELS 
CADILLACS 
’ 77 3 
1*™ *132oo 
7 7 K 
T 
1 *1o95o 
7 6 S U , *1o89o 
7 6 K S S . 
*1o49o 
7 6 S S S 
*1o45o 
7 6 S l f . 
‘ 1o75o 

I *3oo to *5oo OFF ON USED CARS & TRUCKS 

G 
2oo GOOD BUYS 
IT BOTH QUALITY cmd M K I 
— MANY LOADID WITH EXI 
L rtA ACCESSORIES 

1974 M O N T S C A R L O L A N D A U j « t f ° cjo o n H « 2 e f5 6 $ *95-6456 

M O N T S C A R L O I t l l , S M A L L 
V S A IR , P O W E R 
N E W T A G S 
M U S T L I Q U I D A T E . S U M P U L L 
HIM, IWaiLMEA 

-74 M O N T S C A R L O 

58 g . W I* ! 

’75 N O V A 
I d i * r t94dad. 79,o99 tnt, *3,9* tiom phiii M i tom b* Northw est 

7o OLDS Curios*? door.......................* 79o 
72 TOYOTA Corona Mark ll Station Wagon* 1498 
7 o CHEVY Impala 2-doo»..........................* 475 
7 1 CHEVY Impala 4-door...................*1o9o 
’68 LTD 2-door hardtop 
...............* 775 
"72 GALAX!! 5oo 4 door..............*1o9o 
7 4 PONTIAC Catalina 4-door............. *2o9o 
'69 VOLKSWAGEN Station Wagon . . . * 45o 

’72 BUICK LeSabre 2-door.................. *1o9o 
’71 PLYMOUTH Fury iii 4-doe,........* 9o o 
* 45 o 
*1675 
* 675 
* 49o 
* 575 
* 5oo 
*119o 

’67 CHEVILLE ^hardtop 
’73 OLDS 88 4-do*............ 
’7o PONTIAC Station Wagon .. 
’7o PONTIAC lotions 2-door .. 
’68 CHEVY Imperia 2-door....... 
’69 PONTIAC Compost? door.. 
7 4 FIAT 4 door.................... 
’71 PLYMOUTH Duster 2 door ........ .*. 78o 

7 6 C A D ILLA C coup* Deville, 18,ooo miles ‘ 8 9 9 5 

’ 7 3 C A D ILLA C Coupe Deville 2 door........‘ 4 2 9 5 

’ 7 5 P O N T IA C Gnmd Prix 2-door............* 4 5 9 5 

7 5 B U IC K Custom lr Sabre 4-door.. ..........* 3 8 9 5 

7 4 P O N T IA C Granville 4-door hardtop .. 
* 3 4 9 5 

’ 7 3 LIN C O LN Contin en tot town tar 

’ 7 4 LIN C O LN Continental town tor 

’ 7 2 O LD S Toronado 2-door..................... * 1 9 9 5 

COMPACTS 

7 o M A V E R IC K 2 door............ 

’6 9 V O L K S W A G E N sq u a w k 

’ 7 2 V O L K S W A G E N 2-do*.... 

’ 6 6 M U S T A N G 2-door............ 

’ 71 O PEL Stationwogon.............. 

* 1 4 9 5 

• 9 9 5 

‘ 1 3 9 5 

* 1 3 9 5 

* 8 9 5 

’72 DODGE D*t2*«...................*1795 

7 3 CAPRI 2do*r....................:..*189S 

74 PINTO 2 door........................*1995 

74 MUSTANG ll fastback.............*2795 

7 4 CAPRI 2 (hor.........................*2495 

7 5 VOLKSWAGEN Rabbit 4-door.... *3o95 

7 5 PINTO 2-door.........................*259$ 

7 6 MAVERICK LOO 4-door.......... *3995 

7 6 PINTO 2-door— ...................*3295 
7 4 DATSUN 26oZ 2+2.......... *445o 
STATION W AGONS 

’75 LTD 
Country Squirt 
, .............. .*3995 
75 PINTO Station Wagon 
....... *2795 
7 4 PINTO 
Squire Wagon...............................*2495 
’74 MAZDA 8o8 Station Wagon ......... *1995 

‘YOU C A N AFFO RD A FORD FRO M GILLESPIE’ 

 im , ELDORADO 
/ O CONVERTIBLE 
Yellow Yellow 

* 1 A SfDAN oeV!Uf 
■ 
/ O Beige White .. 
, 7 , CALAIS SEDAN 
/ O Gold Brown 
, 7 , COUPE OeVlliE 
» O Green White 
, 7 , COUPE DeYILLE 
/ O Red White 
, 7 , COUPE De VIL LE 
/ O Gold Brown .. 
, 7 , COUPE De VILLE 
/ O Ivory Ivory 
, 7 , COUPE DeVlUl 
/ O White White .. 
, 7 , COUPE DeVIUE 
/ o Blue White .. 

’ 7 A CoUPf °*V,Llf 
» / O Cream Ton— 

‘155oo 
*8975 
‘775o 
*859o 
*9675 
*939o 
*939o* 
‘939o 
*955o 
‘9695 
• l f ELDORADO tO T C ft 
/ 3 Rosewood White 
o / 
3 U 
, 7 C ELDORADO 
/ 3 Blue-Blue t 7 r ELDORADO 
/ 3 White White r7 C BROUGHAM 
/ J Blue-White .... 
, 7 C HOUGHAM 
/«> Blue Blue....... l i p SEDAN Devil 11 
* J Orange White .. 
. 7 C SEDAN DtVlllE 
• J Green-White .... 
. y r SEDAN DeVILLE 
/ J Brown White__ 
, 7 C SEDAN DeVILLE 
/ > Blue Blue ....... 
. 7 p COUPE DeVILLE 
/ Ie Ton-Ton......... f7 C COUPE De Villi 
/ J Silver Silver .. 

‘829o 
*765o 
*839o 
*779o 
‘765o 
‘769o 
‘765o 
*765o 
*74oo 
*765o 
75 S T o” 1 
‘699o 
• 7 
X ELDORADO 
I e Red White. 
*625o 
7 4 f f i i T 1 *619o 
7 2 S K T ..‘349o 
OTHER MAKES 
, 7 , CONTINENT Al l o Town Cor 
O O M ! 
7 6 21st**61* *599o 
FOR RIAtF S 
SPECIAL 
OF THE DAY—^ 
DIAL 
22 RIAT A 

 o r 2 2 7 4 2 8 o 

N E W a n d r itE - O W N fO 
CAR SALES 
SHOWROOMS 
O p e n M ott.-Tri. • A .M . 
To 8 P.M . 
Sat. 8 A .M . to 4 P .M . 
SHOP INDOORS 

GILLESPIE rn 

23oo Broadway • 227-1411 
2311 Broadway • 227-M15 
2411 Broadway • 227-14T9 
2755 S.W. Military • 923-4541 
2o14 M m i Romi • 333-672o. 
1722AwsHwHwry.pl 
SELLS • LEASES • RENTS 

738 MMI___________ 
1973 Dodge Charger Excellent condition $24oo or best offer 
492-JJU 
_____________ 
•71 DODGE CHARGER 
318, autos, power. SIOSO or Obol offer. 47J-rst, 471-27J J.________ 
-76 Dodge Colt Carousel. Very low miles, loaded. $3495 739-4331 before 3; otter 5 : 829-3469 
41 DODGE Coronet-By owner 
Running condition, auto, floor shift. 318 CU.in., air shocks $3oo or best offer. 225-7411 Ext. 113. 
68 DODGE CORONET, V-8. load ed, 48,oo mi Original owner. $85o. 
Richard Weber, 534-5445 days; 
432-6616 nights 
68 DODGE CORONET 
Auto, air, $475. 226-o291 
54 Oodoe Coronet, '45 Ford Fast bock, 289. 494 6911, 494 3164 
-65 Dodge I cyl., standard, good cond 734-8519, 226-21oo.________ 
'46 Dodge Dart 4-dr 4cvl Std., 
Runs good $283 65V5253 
DODGE DEMON 1971, SLANT 4. 
STD. REAL ECONOMY. E X C E L­ 
LEN T COND. E X C E P T SEAT 
COVERS $88o CASH, WITH NEW 
TAGS. 3515 CU LEBKA 
197o Dodge Monaco 4-door Load ad Nice family cor $875 or best 
Otter 656-1ooo 
•73 Dodge 9 Pos* Wogon Excel­ lent inside and out. Reasonable. 
Owner. 494-6265.______________ 

Bucket Seats 

$ 1 5 o E x t r a 
5 8 9 5 

D O D G E W A G O N 1969. G O O O 
M O T O R , G O O D B O D Y . B U T 
P A I N T F A D E D 
S A C R I F I C E 
$6oo- C A S H 433 1641_____________ 

P A Y S A LE 

• SOFT RAY GLASS 
EXPIRES 

3o1 V8 ENGINE 
MAR. 19 
<• AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
• FACTORY AIR CONDITIONING 
o RALLYE ll WHEELS 

• A M /F M STEREO 
* 
* 
• BODY SIDE MOLDINGS _ 
• SPORT MIRRORS-REMOTE CONTROL 
o POWER STEERING AND BRAKES 
o WHITEWALL STEL BELTED TIRES' 
o TUT WHEEL 
o custom B a rs 

74 OUSTER SI 895 
R e d a n d w h it e . A i r . b u c k e t s , p o w e r A u to 34,ooo m i. 435-1641 
★SUPERIOREPONTIACE 

•7o S u p e r B e e , 2 d r. go od c o n d i hon. 6o,ooo m ile s $9oo 342 A2S7 
711 BROADWAY 
227-5o41 

7 6 FORD LTD 
Stotion Wagon 
WWIUMlft&FbdMBEBhflB 
I wWwf, 
OW* 
Iv g g a g t R ock. 

©FNI CFWfHNFe 

• 4 6 2 5 
Call Job! Murray 

8 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 D a y s 

Y A O 1 o 6 5 R 
1----- 
3 4 Y - I Y O / C Y V m itfS 

BANR REPOSSESSIONS 
A V A I L A B L E 
T o k e up p a y m e n ts w ith q u a lifie d c re d it. A p p lic a tio n s a c c e p te d b y ph on e N o a p p lic a tio n re fu s e d 
■ 
M R 
E A R L _______________ 227 1413 I 

BIG COUNTRY FORD 
S an A n to n io ________ C o ll: 227-o86o 
B y ow n e r. *73 F o r d C a la it e 5oo. o ir, p o w er s te e rin g b ro k e s , v e ry cle a n , $1973 342 77oo 

7 8 4 a l m o i n 

•72 V C O A H A T C H B A C K a u t e .. o ir, 57oo. 733-9312._________________ 

*74 V E G A H A T C H B A C K 
L O M m i., a u to m a tic . $3289 
H e m p h ill M c C o m b s N o rth w e s t 
B e n d e ro R d a t Lee# 418 681 1431 

•74 V e g a H a tc h b a c k . A u to ., a ir , d o g e . H 4 M . 123-337o 

■74 V e y o H a tc h b a c k 
A u to , a ir , 
$1758. Cow 652-971$ o fte r 6. 
72 V E G A H A T C H B A C K 
R a d io , H auler g ir, 4 con d itio n , $looo 927-5994 

B v O w n e r . ‘ 73 T o r in o 
$ 19 95 . 
681-34oo o ffe r 5 w o o k d o y $ d a s s ie 7o T B ir d . 4 d e e r, lood ed , e x c e lle n t co n d itio n , A M - P M s le r en. o v e rh a u le d e n g in e , I o w n e r. 
STOM F I R M 826 3284 o ffe r 6 p m 

*72 V E G A H a t c h b a c k . G o o d shoo# 
A ir, am -tm .4 s a d . $775. 

•74 V E G A W a g o n b y C h e v r o le t r e e l g a s s a v e r. E x c e lle n t c e n d i 

• l l V e g a W a g o n G T e g u ig g e d . e x t 'a d e a n . $137$. 696-MOS 

•72 C o u n try S q u ir e W a g o n 
922-7oo1; 633 o522 
C a ll 

•7o C u s t o m 5 oo, a u t o , g e w e r s te e rin g , a ir, $493 458-3447 

‘76 E L I T E A M F M S T E R E O 
L I K E N E W ! C o ll: S te ve 681 3692 

*76 E L I T E lea d e d . 14,8oo m ite s. S4449 
H e m p h ill M c C o m b s N o rth w e s t 
B a n d e ro R d a t L o o p 41o 681 1431 
7o F a irto n # W a gon 589o 
A u te , s m a ll e n g in e . L e e k s a n d i urn lie top 636 sVSt 

48 F a lc o n 2 d o e r au to a ir. E x t r a m e t C o ll M a n u e l. 34 1 9433_______ 

78 CHRYSLER 

BOERNE MOTORS INC 
C H R Y S L E R S 
P L Y M O U T H S 
D O D G E e n d O M C P I C K U P S 
833 N e. M o m B o e rn e 249-1566 
D I X I T H N B 
W 
U U 

73 MONTE CARLO 8285o 
L ik e new t N o n e n ice r 
N u t sod. m m 
__________________ 
•74 M O N T E C A R L O 
E x c e lle n t co n d itio n ! C L E A N . (2S-63SS. a lte r 
SSStL 

*71 F O R D C R E W C A B ta ton. a u te {tower, $2489 
H e m p h ill M iC o n < D i N o rth w e s t 
B o n d e ro R d at L e a p 41o 681-1421 

-74 F O R D E L I T E lo a d e d . $395o 226-o291 
*66 F o r d F a irto n # , 6 d r. 2o9 en a in e , n e w a u t e I r o n s 
4o m a g w h eels. g e e d stu d e n t ci 
1212581___________________ 

74 M O N T E C A R L O L a n d a e . b u c k e t s e a ts , a ir , t ilt s t e e r m t . c r u is e , e m tm , v in y l fo g 
$7o4 e q u ity la k e e v e r g a its 113-9414 o r 
333-3666 
•7$ M e n lo C a r lo L a n d a u 
V in y l re e l. fu lly lan d e d , e ll po w e r N ew a re s . w ire w h e el c o v e rs B e st #4 c a re b v I o w n e r ( A I M 534-5593 o r n i m 

M U S T S E L L ! *73 M e m o A s su m e p a y m e n t s o r p a y e ft b a la n c e 
A fte r S 341 1646 
N ice . -73 I M P A L A , O d e e r, le a d e d 
D M A *58 * F lo r e s, 9 a-7 6 3» , 
_ 
'74 N o v o C u s to m M w i i t t . L ik e new in sid e e n d a e t A u te fee a ir. p o w e r , lo w m ile a g e . O w n e r . k l t t g { i f r n 
. ' _______________ to N O V A . 4 d e e r, 4 c y l std S I6 M . 
>69-6636 

7o N O V A . 4 d r . a u te , V I, A M - 
P M , m r A l, S SM >49 936I M 

 r n 
O K Y W i n 
/34 w m n 

71 I M P A L A I d r a ir, a u te s i 795 43$ 7473 

7# tw e e to 4 -# l, VJ56~ w?*' man 
____ 
69 I rn p o ie G e e d re n d itie n 5546 
4 3 H i6 i a fte r 4 a rn 

71 Im a g ia n ic e 
4 d r n e r d te e n | H M 6 6 s P i f f t s m m 
\ 
197] I M P A L A W A G O N 
G re e n , le a d e d I 
-------- 
.. . 
51x95 
Y O M B E N SO N I M P O R T S 

 r n 
, S I M M 
U L U * 
W KE BE SELLING ii 
ORI Fun 
8227 AiimRI 81 VO 
CME JOI 
341 8211 

•» la I tun n u g e n . aw e xtra elven 

W 
M finif * w i u 
■ leedwe IMM tire 

L I T T L E O R N O L M b O f t t lf you n av e a Jo b e n d 53o6 
We C a n S E L L Y o u A C e r n 
C L A R K I A U T O S A L E S 
W I P f g f T A t t 
IH 7 9 6 6 

 m m m m 

 i i N e v a H a tc h b a c k . Auf# ., a ir , bow ne G oo d co n d B lo n s s* ac -o 

1975 N O V A H A T C H B A C K 
OUM. m r g e w e r C e lt 
D o n e y P e 
S'w* ai-»»JL 

1974 C H R Y S L E R C O R D O B A 
L e a d e d 
5566 m ile s . N E W c a r 
W A R R A N T Y SSS7S-43I-69I3 
•7$ C h r y s le r C e r d u b o V - i. a u ­ t o m a t ic , a e w e r , t o c t e r v a i r , c r u is e c o n tro l, to p e d e c k . 66-46 s e a t s 
O n e o w n e r . V e r y lo w m ile a g e 
*77 lic e n s e L i k a n e w I 
$4o9$ W ill tro d e 931 2661___________ I 

42 C H R Y S L E R N E W Y O R K E R . 
SSI-3931 ofte r 3, a n f n u i i 
TI C H R Y S L E R N E W P O R T C o s 
, fe m A ll e x t r a s in d iu d e s c r u is e 
I co n tro l, 
A M - P M 
S IS M firm 
83S-49I9 
________________ 

I 1971 C h ry s le r 9-ae ss en a e r w a e e n 
I-ow ner $111$ F u ll g e w e r A M F M 
■ar 9j 4 J3eo O fter I 

C H R Y S L E R P L Y M O U Y H C IT Y 
TSM H W L O O P 416 o t C u ln a re 
6B6-6616 
C O R D O B A 1976 L im n e d E d itio n 
L a n d e d L e w rn He o a t T e n re n d ! non M a k e ofte r 824 i s i s 
, 

75 C O R D O B A 
: P o w e r, a ir , a u la . 
N ic e s it e s . 
I 366-5717____________________________ 

‘ 73 C O R D O B A s ilv e r w ith b lu e i .m o o r in te rio r 
V e ry c le a n L e w 
1 T t f m t w 
______________ 
J A C K R U G E R 
C H R Y S L R R - P L Y M O U T H i lit # S A N P E D R O 
7 3 3 -E ltl 

-74 N R W Y O R K E R B r e u f h e m . 
S u n e r le a d e d , in c lu d e s n e w e r , suer e e l in w a rra n ty N e re a s o n obi* a lle r re fu s e d 653 4256 e ve s. 

P R I V A T E P A R T Y , b e s I c o r tee m o n y ! ‘ 7] C h ry s le r N e w Y o rk e r 
TI O e r t S n a r l 
7 j C o m e t 
A ll 
: le a d e d e ll p e r f e c t 
T o k e y o u r I l i M l l l | | ) l | i w — 
M 

JI F O R D G A L A X I E SOO 
4-deer, le a d e d $1689 
H e m p h ill M c C o m b s N o rth w e s t 
B a n d e ro R d a t L e o n 41o obi u n 

69 P O R O G a io x ie SM , au te. a ir. j g e w e r s te e rin g , new tire s , g e e d lo u d i ! 3o 631-2156 e ve s 
I/O F o rd G a la x ie S M a u to . a ir . 
P B P S se ts or be s! oH er 432 >553 I 

72 F o r d G a la x ie , n e e d s w o rk . s ' uooooo*oo8 otte r, ;4i-27ee e ft t 
; 
7e F o r d G r a n a d a . B la c k , e-dr., b u ck e t seats, a u te , a ir 
P o w e r, e ! h o* 
2 * ff2 1 2 I 1 5 5 L 
*71 F O R D O ra n T o rin o S no rt. 
Ie a ir. n e w e r. 46,SM m i C o n s id e r tro d e e el S i n , 684-3764 e v e s 
; 

177i M A L I B U A n te att new tire s o n e n e tte ry 
P e r f e c t c o n d it io n n i t s 226-i s se ­ 

 is M a lib u C la s s ic 
I i i . a u t e , 
J d r , a i r 
S t ilt in W a r r n n f y 
*UHM.SBSLi______________ _ ie M a lib u C l a s s i c 
O r t o la n * iJtrO X mu it? 
S iyn yyft tic 
' r n ________________ 
1676 M n iib e C ie s s r i W e n e e A ir. out# e le c t r ic w in d o w s , le e k s 
W M ' 
“ t w 

'• d WUU* 
% P le v e e 
O J I ! ” *1 

 n h A L t i u t L A l s i c 
I R R B f 
H A R D T O P 
L e a d e d ' 
P r e t t y R e d 
C e i l 
J e t B d 

 f a k e e n 

**#!**«#:»■*<# » TPM* rn’ WW 9 

 a Ta l i R U 1973 I D N M A '^ 4 ' A A , 
P O W E R 
H R W T A G S l o o o 
I I R I S I I I N P U L L P R IC S U l t 

M A L I B U 
1966 
S H A R P , 
C O N S O L E . A U T O , B U C K E T S 
P E R F E C T 
O R I V E 
V O U N R 
C A O Y S <[AR. ^ /s n e is - ie e i_______ 
M A L I B U W A G O N , 'T S 
F u l l y lan d ed, w w am e b o n a ce , c a n M r 
O a r iR . 633-1464 
TI M A L I B U W A d O N 
T'l/i 
BLUS? 
Ti k in d le e e r i e I , n e w e r, a ir , 
55,956 H S- l l 11 o r 7 i s -1 i t s eon tor 
Ai 
'74 M e n lo C eria, M o c k , w fcde Ian- d e e tn n . lo w m iie e n e , le a d e d tm an— 
----------------------- 
M e n lg C n rte *74 O n e ow ne r m u st s e ll 
E ic e e t t e n e iiv c le a n 
V e r y 
............ 
71 M G N vt C A B l o t o k e u n m 
S « 8 U t ! L ! 2 1 ^ t l - . _ 
7) M O N T I C A R L O , mir. ne w e r , tomtom, nim 
_ 
! ‘ 7$ m o n 1 1 c a r l O , lik e n y w 
M u st sen W ill 

74 N O V A s ( l l 4-3 d r. I n d G o i. 
$3126 en 
W ofcetv A u te R t n in ls 
’ami 
7) N e v a 163 V 6 I OM , 
‘ tv “ I 'M* 
S T E O W N E R 
P R I V A T E O W N E R ‘ 77 V E D A 
C o u n t , P i r e m is t r e d 4 s n o o d trg R iR N n n lM L M r. ro m e M enan# re e k N e s m e ll fo r ow ne r an iy TM m i. S oil to* S SM u n d e r p u rin e s * p ric e w ill c o n s id e r tro d e 4J4 43A4 
• a t ! i. H J L ” .____________________ 
To ke e ve r n e v m e n fs ae ‘74 M ove 
C od 232-o944 neb P m Dan**# s H w 
I M + 4M I 
T o k e e v e r n e v m e n t s a e T i 
C o m e r# G n ll i i i 6914 a s k f o r 

 fC * ty t 3l93 >94 7344 

78 BODO 
__ 

68 C a m n r# 4 c y lt n d t r , 3 -tn e n d to e 
^ 2 1 5 2 8 ____________ 

• 
• 
• 

73 CHALLENGER 
I D O O R T R O P I C A L L I M E gr«««. 
P e r est G r te n V in y l re e l V I , ou to m e tic . n e w e r s ie e rin g , n e w e r b ru b ru , b u c k e t s e e ls C o n s o le , end new w a n e S ide W an T ire s , 
A ir 

TSM EnaliriNl 
4 -d e e r s e d a n 
A u te a i r , n e w e r ] stoerm n . b ra k e s , ro d ie , v in y l t m 
.................................................... $2989 : 
N E M P H I L L M C C O M B S 
H 
F O R D S O U T H S ID E 
1961 S W M ilita r y 932 6117 r 
74 F O R D L T D , 2 d e e r w h ite , iqyte a ft n y 25?25§i 
*7$ F o rd L T O 4 d e e r v in y l re st. pow er. M r, e x c e lle n t co n d $279$ 
143-6113 e ve s w e e k e n d s j 

■76 F o rd L T O I a m i un. I4 .6 M m i le a d e d . E x t r a c le a n . 824 6AS4, 
M fa r I: 66A34A3 
I 

1978 F o r d L T D S ta tio n w e e o a , l a ded. c e w in N N .V l ISE. 6P6-677I 
75 F O R D P in to R u n a ti au f, N e d 1 od. W ill h e lp f in a n c e , c a ll M r ! 
G a r jg i i5 1*68 

F o r ii T o r in o 
1976.' V I 363, b b l. I 
Atter I: 237 36*6 

■73 G A L A X I E SUO T a k e up p m is w it h s m a ll e q u it y 
O r 8 12 9S . 
*75-6347 et STA M M ______________ 

•TSG u n u fu A s su m e e n te n te , N O fc Q UI T Y I 344-746$ e w e r f e m 

77 G R A N A D A D E M O n a r k te d * m e ta llic , w h ite v in y l; root, a u to m a tic. MSC b ra k e s , a ir . n ew er s ie e rin g . 4 cy H a d a r, w h ite w ell re d ia l tire s , A M - P M s te re o , tin ted M a ss , 
M IA S 
C om 
W att* 
436-4471 

75 G R A N A D A, I d e m , a u W m e tK . a ir . 4-c y lin d e r v in y l fen . M I M 
C o k M a n e et. 3 4 IM 3 3 . 
| 

7* G k A N A O A . e-deer, 4 c y b n d e r . j o u ie m e fu 
M r. wMI ■ ■ 
S a lt jg p p f r r n '5 H 

* 7 o o 

COMBINATION FACTORY-DEALER 
REBATE 

ON EVERY NEW 1976 
OPEL 

LIMITED OFFER 
OPEN ’TIL 8 P.M . 

B U I C K C O 

45oo SAN PEDRO 
7 3 4 - 4 2 2 1 

FINAL CLEARANCE 
New 1976 Fords at 
Factory Invoice 

♦ P I N T O P O N Y 7 - O R . 
* P I N T O M P G , 3 - D R . 

* P A U S T A N G l l P A P O , 2 - O R 
* P A A V E R lC K , 4 - D R . 

P O R O G R A N A D A 2 - D O O R 

KINSEL 
FO R D -M ER CU R Y 

O M . f l E T l 
IN t i U I t I 
T [ 
I, 
I . r. H 
o I 'J ' 

' ^ T o d a y ' s B e s t O f f e r s 

W k c i t . c — 
■ j r - * * * T 7 

• i r i i i u 
Tici-up, ^ fan, 
75 LUV A cyim de r................................................................ 
75 CHEVROin S S L -....................<3395: 

U 1 U Chevrolet W, eutomehc, power, steennq, 
________. 
75 VAN M (o nd iho nee . . . . . . !TT7.. . . . 7 T . .............*3S95 
•TS gmc 3/4 tom 
. Mies] 
•74 OffVROlFT 
.*349$ 
75 TRAK DUSTER S i 
.....*389$ 
76 MONTE CARIO 
*4995- 
•72 OUK 2TISaiJw*T. 
Unnliiin MD Mdnn MIM NhnAPsms^/ 
71 PONTIAC 
<1795 
•73IMPA1A I 
T 
I 
S 
, 
7595 
73 IMPALA 
- *..',**'.*I,TT:.,719$ 

* T A D t i i r u 
*•*•* ConAmi henftog coupe, P R /H I 
*, 
/ O B U H R stereo tap*, power, automatic, a i t ................. . A o r 5 
'74 IMPALA 
..............1395 ,1 
74 FORD SSH Tr’T ' ................... .7195 
73 PLYMOUTH SST.TT.TT: **"**•...... <1895 J 
76 MONTI CARLO T Z S Z u ’T T l'........ "995 
75 MADRU 
..............*319$ 
•TS nova S Z S JZ 1^ 
- 
. 
.7295j 
*73 CAPRID 
73951 
*73 VEGA Regon, stenrieN, roWe.................................* M 
S | 
•JI MoNH CARIO m s,3 .r* * :.......7195 ; 

■ aa m i n y v 
Century Luaus hii'diog coupe ae m 
. « » m 
73 BUICK conditiened. stereoNge.................. .T 7v S m 

A iddRR nu 
74 NOVA 
................. 'IWS: 
77 CHEVROin S K J lT E ’. S r . m . 'I M I 
7o KINGS WOOD 
Tvs; 
*68 IMPALA 
*4fS! 

1 2 ,o o o M U B 
O T l l 
M O N T H 
M O T O R S I N S U R A N C E 

C O R F .'* 
M i Q I A N K A I 
H 8 S U I A N C ! 
C o V I R A 6 I 

P L E A S A N T O N , T E X A S 

1 2 1 S O . P R A I N 

I. P h o n e * 2 6 - 2 7 9 1 

• R ig h t D o w n t o w n ” 

FREE 1977 LICENSE PLATE. 

TD (.AMARO AufemafK aa 

74 fOfOTA (thee, automatic, o n .............................*26oo 
* 
VOi ARE 
NR |M3NNNf am m o, oowsf oiodw Fi 
* J 2 o Ii 

74 m m 7 im , m um m *, rn 

^ T g r m So h K . M y 
*27oo 

 n LIANO NIX. a l g o * .i end ab, 
AM FR ....... 
*677* 

68 (PICON 7 deer, automatic, ak, 

 tit r e ex* CWI Manuel 

75 LTO 2-deer, landau automatic ox pa eel ittennq, p o w tx ok tv cnyl top, AM LM, poeei windows................... 
* 4 2 o 5 

76 I O W W ? deer. 13,o8o rates A 
S tin k y and Hutch cai .. 
‘ 4 9 5 o 

7 6 COUbAI l l /, outomaiii. oh. bf'Uit6S. 
AM (M ...................... 
' 4 9 5 o 
O P E N S U N D A Y 
NORTH CENTRAL FORD 

9 o o o S A N P E D R O 

I - S S 7 1 E X T . S O D _________________ 
SBI 

YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! 
77 GRAND FURY 3 

A u to m a tic , cm con c* h orsed , p o w e r s te e rin g a n d b r a k e s , in a u to m a tic s p e e d c o n tro l, s te re o a n d m a n y o th e r e x N a n . 
# 7 1 o 8 

T h i H e y * _ T H q f J w c i 

JA C K RICCiR 
CHRYSLER PLT MOUTH 

*589o 

5ooo SAN FEDRO a 
732-o211 

737 WIW 
737 r n 

K IN L M L P O M O M E R C U R Y 
P L E A S A N T O N , T E X A S 
S A . P k n n s 61^1791 
L ik e new 74 T O N IN O 
/ o . r V u . u lee. le a d e d 12256 4344 S F lo re s . 
922 78>l 

2246956 

I r a . . . . . . y r,., 

M IM i BB 
R 
, n e w e r li e o r in# M f w h e e l. 
P M s le r e e e n d L e s e 
O n ly 

T 
O aulu , u — * n ir 
64 444 mi e m Im 
Y e llo w 
»r» w n in to n e r new M a s C<aee< mitt iwt mml im t m rn* 

M W N ( v t# >* ,1.64* nu 
863*1 # t t U M 

 aute 
A M t m 
»y- t f r f f t ? I i i ! t m :. 
V E G A l l T d r, «idb Irunk, nut*. e lf . r e d ia l l i r a s , id d v o w n e r . 
" I M L 
, M _____ 
TT V eg n R x c e M e n l c s n d ih e e . new 

^ v f o f p r , 1m n m m J i. 6*44 R d m r. n a n . 5 seed 4 OU d r a s s u m e em is N e w B ni m t W k t o k l l t ! . 
U A U.T, *136o l f V E G A G T >1144 
M a r k N I H J A 

 r e c eM enl S IE M 1 
•111* 

• 
• 
• 

>6 C h e k en n e r. * c u m sod , ru n s I g re W i >793 >4*o$*$ 
Ti C h e r# er, e sc an e n t c o n d itio n itomuttmm_______________ 
T i C N lrg e r R a lly I d r 
M S V I f 
SSL Rf. Pf«T T h , lim H i V I' 
Tt C h e r a e r S n a r l 
111, V S, a ir nom e , lo s e s re g n o s I A u te , a ir, n e w e r, c r u is e , A M P m 
U n d e r 
W B r r g n l, |e»9t |* i j i f f 

•Ti C e p VU a n o a , a u te . M r, l l h m n # 
$14*1 
A s k (o r M i 
C o r 
YriHm m t m 
N e »9 i t et# i» 3 | 
T i D e r i in e r il V I r e g u la r 'lie s 
U M j d i ' f l l i . 

T i Q R A N A O A 
P u ily lo a d e d , 17.446 m i O w n e r w in fin a n ce C a ll J e r r y P a r r is h , 
349-enSI, 6 U T9H 
I 
74 G R A N A D A G H IA . 4 d e e r, ( g ig : e a u ie e e d . lo w m ile a g e 
I1 P S 6 
A H - N t t . o r 736-9411 

'74 G R A N T O R I td O 
I dour tended $3o49 
HampAiH M cCom bs Nor in w e s i l a .it?. IHI 
TI E r n e T o r in n B h le d fb il# en a im . fu lly le a d e d in c lu d in g tu n 
’ a i. i i j t o m a t v t m 
E B A N T O R IN O N ice . TI M e g a n . lan ded 
S II4 4 
4346 
I 
P lo re s 
' 
I C A N I O C A T B C A R S 
' 
! 
N B N e n d U S k D 
A n y m a k e or m o d e l 
B A S Y P IN A N C I N G 11 
C a i 
In n a te , M IA O U 

Like new Ti TO RIN O A d r teed 
9* l,»Sa, Hi!! I Ht'lh J jU to l I 
L ik e n ew 
74 f e r in e , 4 d e e r, leaded 
SI656 
4346 
$ Flores. 
933-7M1 
> 
I lil ly Ct e ii i , 
I ,*u« O a rn n 
VVkSl I 
F in a n c e Married. Direr cod. SMI ' ate 
P a o n ia 
C M I 
B o b Puente, mm) 
____________ 
TS L T O 8 R O U G K A M I t-d n n r. M elded. I M N kA € C 
KflNfYD RFN%t 

 s i T I D*4Irk ‘C eM N en’ New h r e s .: mony new n e rts V e ry need cond 
S H B I 613 3»6S. 
____________ 
>75 L T D . $3456 
>74 O U I T B I . 
$2346 
B e th e a r alien! 
C e il 
M i 
________ 
IMI ItuMSir IO (A il 
1$ Its I AOA 
I l f C l l i AND MWL 

7 S L T D L A N D A U 
4 d r, lo a de d, c ru is e , SMM* 
MemghUl M c C o m os N e rtb w e s l 

 j t a j s a M to u m 
M 
M k a b 
*71 L T D , n ew er, a ir, new b ra k e s , e .c e tl con d >1495 494 M 36 t i L T O W agon, la k e up b e ta in e no g a u d y , 532 4471, N * ee73 
| 

•74 M A V E R I C K , a u la Vi'S, h n n n c 

Ti M o y e r u h A c y l, sta n d a rd , a ir. I 
$995, b v aw n e r, a lle r 3 w e e k d a y s 
H im a 
”74 M i miles, 
I V a ric k 4 cirl., I d r , 34,666 
. sm 
.................. 
<4 M A V E R I C K . 6 cy l , aute . air vss. atua._______ 
•71 M A V E R I C K T c y T d S S u B ir . l p o w e r s te e rin g B ic e U e n t c e n t i m .m M tL _____________________ 

7 4 M A V E R I C K 
3 de e r lea d e d . iA 6 d 6 m i, $1*49 
H e m p h ill M c C o m b s N orthw est^ 

•74 M a v e r ic k 
4 d e a l 
I e n d e d t f u M W H I T i l m f 
... 

737 FHI 
737 FOW 

•TA M a v e ric k , 3 d n e r, err, n e w e r, lo w m i. E x c e l l e n t r e n d it io n 
S2,*66 o tte r earn J U / VQ I 

71 M A V E R I C K 4 d r., au te . a ir, * 
CVI., rn d tn , h e a le r , n e e d f a m ily 
I E L 1**1 i l J - V M 

 m 6 
74 M U S T A N G l l 4 -C V l. M o d o d . 
E x c e lle n t g a t m steggg 
S H I A . 
342 6416 

‘ 74 M u s t a n g i i 6 b l n . ge w ga w i k f s a n d s ie e r in g . A s n e g R w ra d ia ls . e c in a m ic g L 
SRIB 
34 1 4*77 
*73 M a v e r ic k 2 d r., a ir . a e fe , I ow ne r >1456 # ii #976 a h * 
'74 SAusteng ll, e-sp e e d , a m INN ra d io , r a d ia ls s u i t 534 H ee a n 
74 M a v e r ic k 4 d r , le a d e d B x ce de nt co n d 515o6 624-8711 
M U S T A N G , 1676. M u tt SAU n j * 
WEI b a in h n g n cn . 
CnM 
O M 4P 
« » ! 4 | 4 
N j . 
‘TI M A V E R I C K G r a b b e r co u p e , 
V A aute, ra d io *37-4717 
76 M A V E R I C K 
*4o6 M r jo r d a n , *7o1641 
. 
’ T S M U S T A N G 
Toke u p n n y m e M s . ne e g u R v , e n s 
C re d it M e n n a e r M f *964 tTTT 
■74 M A V E R I C K , n e e d s b o d y w e rt, best a lle r >34-7451 
W M iiE k iA t , V ie h i m m 
1 1o95 IJJ A IM 
72 M A V E R I C K I ow ner 4 d e e r 6, le a d e d ! 
W o r d s r a d i a l s . 
A i l re c o rd s $149$ I 735 1164 
M U S T S S L L i 
7$ P a r d O r*» < # « 
O h m . le a d e n 
V S . a ir , e m fwW 

71 M U S T A N G , a u t o m a t ic , a ilr. n ew er U t e r in e v in y l le e . t i m 
COH M a n u e l 34l t e l l 

Ye **• II Ti TBs B w»8w9B' lie lK I R B d jg fln i cle c k , m a n y ex lr a s t U N A 
* » <m k 
. _ 
—n e 
I) M U S T A N G , a u t o m a t ic a ir . n e w e r s ie e rin g v in y l Inn. $167$. 
C g k M a n u e l. 341 M J I 

M U M ken ie P IN T O R U N A B O S 
I 
•*»*• e n ce n M N I nan , r e d w I J Z Z w e * ' C o n 
J G e n a , I I I 4611 
*7 M 
U 
S 
T a g«||« s t r , ,a a l 
M I n e e 
N I C E ! - n P e r i W o g e e le u unM , n m 
*344 $ m e r e J T M / m 
T : 
*5 M u s t a n g F a s lb o c k 111 a ir . g e w e r s te e rin g A M P M 8 tra c k , 
>317761 b r 5)2 )394 

" ' C f i I i i LTD, 4 d e e r le e d g * 
H IF S 4344 s sSr 

 t i p i n t o , m * w 
Tem 
I H I ..... ..... i n ens# 
19*9 V u s la n g lo s lb u c k 
I ow n e r. aula err p g w e r, >|,6gg e e e /e v j 

67 Mu sla n g , g o a d c e n d i lie n s te e l b e lls, uwte $956 #$6 >661 

Ti P in ks, I d e e . ow le w n e f 
E k c e N e m ce n e ir> . f i t d a y s 834 5394 4 v 4 t 
* w 

73o-743 MUMMIES 
73o-743 - AU1oMoBILES 
73o-743 -WJTOmOOIliS 

Son Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturdoy M arch 12 1977 

73o-743 AUTOMOEIUS 
738-743 MTMRIUS 
73E7I3 WBMOtlUS 
73o^743 WIToMoB1UES 

• r n rn rn rn 

SF 

J 
L 

■ 
■ 

FROM SMITH CHEVROLET 

DEMONSTRATORS 

'77 SILVERADO PICK-UP DEMONSTRATOR 

35o V-8 engine, turbo hydramotic, heavy duty chassis, burns regular gas, air, power steering, rally wheels, AM-FM, Stereo radio, power win­ dows, power door locks, tool box, #775261. 

’7 6 LUV D E M O N ST R A T O R 
Air conditioned, automatic, Mikado custom interior, white wall tires, rear step bumper, white . . . 
# 
65473. 

>6645 

>4925 

’77 EL C A M IN O CLASSIC 
Tinted glass, body side moldings, door edge guards, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 3o5, 2 borrel V-8, turbo hydramotic, tilt steering wheel, power steering, steel-belted radial white stripe tires, selectric clock, AM radio, front bumper guards, rally wheels, buckskin vinyl roof cover buckskin metallic ex­ terior, buckskin vinyl interior. #775482. 
*5545 

’76 LUV TRUCK 
Brand new automatic, AM radio, rear step bumper, side pipes, E7o x I 4, steel spoke wheels, custom trick paint . . . 
# 6 5 5 3 7 . 
*4865 

’76 LUV TRUCK 
Air, automatic transmission, white stripe tires, AM radio, chrome bumper guards, rear step bumper, exterior decor package. Mikado custom interior, sky blue exterior, blue S A A cloth interior. # 6 5 67 o . List Price $4893.35. 
YOUR PRICE 
“ 
“ 
V 
V 

INSURANCE 

’77 N O V A COUPE 
2 door, tinted glass, bodysside moldings, air con­ ditioning, power brokes, 3o5 V 8, turbo hydramotic * rn rn transmission, power steering, white stripe tires, * u u 
W 
| J windshield antenna, rally wheels . .#77o263. 
■ '■ " W 
’77 N O V A COUPE 
2 door, tinted gloss, body side moldings, air con ditionmg, power brokes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydramotic * rn rn m transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, 
# A \ | | J white stripe tires, AM rodio ... # 77o43o. 
«■ # F ■ 
’77 N O V A COUPE 
2 door, tinted glass, body side moldings, oir con ditionmg, power brokes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydramotic * rn rn rn £ \ transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, 
# A K 
4 
| ) white stripe tires, AM rodio ... # 77o273 
■ e# ■ W 

’77 SILVERADO 
Air, burns regular gas, short wheel base, heavy­ duty chassis, 35o V-8, turbo hydramotic, power l f 
Q 
Q 
A steering, AM radio . . . # 7 7 5 1 4 o . 
R F W rn MF 

’77 SCOTTSDALE CREW CAB 
35o, V-8, turbo, air, power steering, AM-FM radio, sliding rear window, custom vinyl interior, carpeting, camper special, # 771 7o. 

’77 SILVERADO 
Va TON 
454 engine, V-8, turbo hydramotic, air, locking dif­ ferential, power steering, heavy-duty power brakes, auxiliary tanks, AM /FM . . . # 775o3 I. 

>718o 

‘6725 

’77 SCOTTSDALE 
35o V-8 engine, 4-speed stick shift, air, plower steering, heavy-duty power brakes, auxiliary tanks, 
# C Q 
4 C 
AM radio, camper special . . . # 7753o4. 
« F m ^W tm 

’77 CHEVROLET SPORT SPECIAL EDITION 
Heavy-duty chassis, burns regular gas, 35o V-8 engine, turbo hydramotic, air, auxiliary fuel tanks, power steering, style wheels, power widows and door locks, L7o x I 5 tires, solid black . . . 
# 772o7. 

1977 SCOTTSDALE 

FLEETSIDE — Vi ton Scottsdale IW B , tinted glass, air, heavy duty shock absorbers, front stabilizer, heavy duty rear springs, power brakes, 3o5 V8, turbo hydramotic, power steering, wheel covers, 
AM radio, whitewall tires, conventional two-tone paint, gauges, Colonial yellow and frost white, buckskin custom vinyl seats . . . # 7752 I 6. 

’77 BLAZER 
4oo V-8 engine, turbo hydramotic, power steering, power brokes, air, fuel tank shield plate, AM radio, on and off the road tires, buckskin custom vinyl bucket seats . . . # 775463. 

'77 BLAZER 

4-wheel drive, 4oo V-8 engine, Cheyenne equipment, oir, turbo hydramotic, 31 gallon fuel tank, fuel tank skid plates, comfort tilt steering wheel, power steering, AM-FM, special 2-tone paint, mahogany and frost white, red custom vinyl interior, and more. 
#775355. 

‘749o 

‘8o45 

‘6275 

’77 SUBURBAN */i TON 
Silverado equipment, front and rear air, cruise control, 35o V S engine, durbo Hydramotic, 31 gallon fuel tanks, AM FM push button radio, IR78X15 steel belted radial tires, Special 2-tone paint, trailering special equipment, russet metallic, Santa Fe tan, buckskin vinyl in­ terior, #775476. 
*799o 

*5375 

7 

 r n 

35o V S 
’77 CARGO V A N turbo hydramotic, power brakes, engine, power steering, air, steel belted tires, special two-tone paint. . . # 7/54o4. 
’77 V A N Va TON 
SW B, body glass, below eye level mirrors, heavy duty front & rear springs, power brakes, 25o 6 cylinder engine, 3 speed transmission, guages, custom interior, rodio. #7752o9. 

’77 N O V A SEDAN 
4 door, tinted glass, 25o tnoing, three speed transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, windshield ontenno. heavy-duty radiator... #77o462 
’77 N O V A SEDAN 
4 door, tinted doss, body side moldings, air conditioning, power brakes, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydramotic transmission, power steenng, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, AM rodio .. 
#77o666. 
*77 N O V A SEDAN 
4 door, tinted gloss, four-seoson oir conditioning, power brakes, 3o5 V 8. turbo hydramotic transmission, power steering, full wheel covers, white stripe tires, AM rodio, in­ terior decor package, exterior decor package ... #77o815. 

*377o 

*456o 

*46oo 

MALIBU COUPES & SEDANS 
’77 CHEVELLE M ALIBU COUPE 
7 itooi. tinted glen, body side molding*, mr conditioning, power 
‘476o 

 bi alit*, 7 SO engine. tut bo hydramotic transmission. pow*' tittering, fuM who*! covert, radial white stript twos, wind th it Id antenna, interior decor package, vinyl interior.. • 77o4TI 
’77 CHEVELLE M ALIBU SEDAN 
4 door, tinted gloss, body tide moldings, ow conditioning powti broket, 7SO engine, turbo hydramo c transmission powti steering, tuN wheel rovers, rtvhol white stripe tire, windshield on 
Itnna, r lienor decor package, vinyl interior.. # 77o866 
’77 CHEVELLE M ALIBU SEDAN 
4 door, unled gloss, ow conditioning, power broket, MS V I, turbo hydramatK honsmnswn. power steering, tuR wheel covers, codicil white stripe tires, AM radio, buckskin metallic, vinyl in tenor.. # 77o719 

‘477o 

‘485o 

’77 C A M A R O SPORT COUPE 
7 door, tinted gloss, roof drip moldings, sport owners, console, pewee brakes. 
75o, 6 cylinder engine, turbo hydramotic transmission white stupe tries, windshield antenna, hooey duty radiator, tally wheats vinyl bucket soots .. 9 77o941 
’77 C A M A R O SPORT COUPE 
7 door, soft coy tinted gloss, roof drip moldings, lour season aw conditioning, sport mu ion console, power brokes, 75o, 6 lyhnd et engine, turbo hydramatK tiontmrttioa, white stripe tees, windshield ontenno, rally wheels, silver, vinyl burkei seats 

• 77o*4? 
’77 C A M A R O “ LT” COUPE lusted gloss, body side moldings, ow conditioned, console power brokes, 1o5 V I, turbo hydramatK, stowaway spore tee. rectal t £ • in | epte white stript tees, windshield ontenno, style trim group, vinyl 
F ^ 
^ 
I 
I 
I bucko! soots, #77o746 tm tm I W 

*469o 

*5o6o 

’77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
2 door, tinted gkm, air conditioning, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydramatK tronunituon, radial whit* stripe tires windshield ontenno, eiectm dock, power steering, power brakes, wheel covers... #77o791. 
’77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
2 door, tinted glass. air conditioning, 3o5 V-8, turbo hydtamatK transmission, rodio! white stripe tires, windshield antenna, eiectm dock, power steering, power brakes, wheel covers vinyl interior .. # 77o793 
’77 MONTE CARLO COUPE 
2 door, tinted gloss, deluxe body moldings, air conditioning, sport mirrors, 3o5 V 8, turbo hydrostatic transmission, radial white stripe tires, windshield ontenno, electric clock, roily wheels, power steering, power brakes... # 77o75o. 

*513o 

*514o 

*525o 

’77 IM PALA SEDAN 
4 door, cotor keyed seat bein, tinted gloss, floor mots roof drip moldings, body side moldings, deer edge guards, ew conditioning, 
A p i A mm r n ternate mw? or, MS V I, turbo hydramatK transmission full 
* ^ 
C rn l l wheel coran, radio! white stripe tees, AM radio 
#77o971 tm %m rn 
M F 

’77 IM PALA SEDAN 

4 door. tinted gloss, (oaf dnp moldings ow conditioned, remote mirror 15o 4 IR engine, turbo hydramotic tilt steering wheel, radio! white stripe tees, windshield ontenno, value appearance group, #77o991 
*5385 

’77 IM PALA SEDAN 
4 door rota keyed soot belts, tinted gloss Hoot mots, (eof drip moldings dom edge guards ow conditioning remote mural c»une master speed control, 15o, 4 borrel. V I, turbo hydromotic transmission, hit stooling whee! cadie! white stript tee, windshield antenna, Value Appear amt Group 
# 77o177 
*549o 

CHEVROLET 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

G ille s p ie c ite d b y F o rd a w a r d 

Gillespie Ford has been honored by the Ford Parts and Service Division for outstanding customer service. 

And as a resu lt, Robert B ridge. 
Gillespie’s service manager, has won a four-day trip for two to San Juan, 
Puerto Rico. 

The trip is in recognition of Bridge's contribution to improving his dealer­ ship’s owner relations performance. 

“ This contest, for dealership parts and service personnel, is part of Ford’s new MVP (M ost V aluable P layer) owner relations program,’’ said WX. 
Crew, the division's Houston district m anager. “ G illespie Ford and Mr. 
Bridge can be justly proud of receiving this recognition for their service de­ partment employes. 

G illespie Ford is one of a limited number of Ford and Lincoln-Mercury dealerships across the nation to be honored for improving customer satis­ faction. 

 jlgMHR 
ROBERT BRIDGE 
. . . service pays off 

AUTO TALK 

Continued from Page I right back where we were in the 6os. 
What the anti-pollution system on your car does is remove about 8o per cent of the carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons from the exhaust gases. The catalyst does not do it all. but it does the m ajor part of the job- 
. 
. 
. 
From the very beginning people were concerned about these strange new de­ vices. At first nobody wanted to buy a car with a catalytic converter because they were concerned about the availibilily of unleaded gas. 
There were scattered instances of peo- 
'ple having to funnel in leaded gas because they had run out of gas in an area where unleaded was not available. Unleaded gas is available almost everywhere now. 
Smelled 
The early catalytic converter sm elled1 like rotten eggs. Yes. some of them did. I had personal experience with one in my garage. The odor was really bad. Now we know that such odors were caused by im proper settings of the carburetor. 
Catalytic converter caused grass fires. 
Well that did happen. 
The device operates at very high tem ­ peratures. and if you drove your car into an area of high dry grass and parked it, there was a possibility of starting a fire. 
The Society of Automotive Engineers 

 looked into the grass fire situation. Their report concluded that an overheated ex­ haust system , with or without a converter, could cause a grass fire under the proper conditions. 
The catalytic converter does what it is supposed to do, and as an added bonus, it has helped Increase the overall mileage of cars that use it. 
So I really don't see why anyone would want to remove the device from their car, unless they w anted to go as fast as possible. 
The police may have a point. I would hate to see a m urderer, or a bank robber, or any crim inal escape the law because he could outrun the police cars. 
★ Ar ★ 
On the heels of the announcement that the O ldsm obile D ivision of G eneral 
Motors will offer a V-8 diesel in the 1978 line-up, cam e word from Pontiac Division it too will soon have a diesel. 
Alex C. Muir, president of Pontiac, said experimental work on converting the 
/ ‘Iron Duke,’’ Pontiac’s new 2.5 litre cast iron four-cylinder engine, to diesel is go­ ing nicely, thank you. lf everything works amt — and there seems little reason to doubt that it will — the little Pontiac engine could be on the m arket as early as 198o Jn fact, if Abe law allows and the public reaction to diesels is good, they could be on the m arket sooner 

AUTOMOTIVI DISPLAY 
AUTOMOTIVI DISPLAY 
AUTOMOTIVI DISPLAY 

 than that. 
It s really am azing how fast General 
Motors started moving once Volkswagen announced it would import 1o,ooo diesel 
Rabbits into the U.S. this year. It’s also am azing how fast Volkswagen brought the diesel on the m arket. 
★ 4r ★ 
Form er T ransportation Secretary Wil­ liam Coleman should have been retained by the Carter adm inistration. 
He made some of the most controversial decisions in recent vears. But he made the decisions, he did not bow to the enormous pressures from lobbyists. 
Ralph Nader and others have heaped abuse on Coleman for not requiring air bags in autom obiles. Colem an finally made a compromise decision that called for a program that would have General 
Motors and Ford sell air bags below cost. 
Coleman’s refusal to make the air bags mandatory may have been the result of an 
“ inside’’ report that auto insurance in­ dustry data on air bags was misleading. 
The report cites the case of the Illinois man who walked away from a head on collision at an estim ated combined speed of 6o-7o m iles an hour. 
John P eterson, D etroit News w riter, said the official National Highway Traffic 
Safety Administration records showed the combined speed of the two cars was 23 m .p .h ., 

~AUToMo1lVi DISPLAY 

C a r s h in e is l i k e m i r r o r 

SOCIAL TO THE EXmSS NEWS 

DEARBORN, Mich. - In the race to determ ine the fairest, the new Lincoln 
Versailles will give any m irror a run for its money. 

A new light m easuring instrum ent — the Distinctness of Image (DI) m eter 
— was developed by Ford Motor Co. to ensure the “ Clearcoat” finish on each 
V ersailles m eets strin g en t quality control standards. 

The DI m eter reads a m irror as KIO and a Versailles in the high 9os. 

The new “ Clearcoat’’ finish — stan­ dard on Versailles — consists of a highly pigmented base coat sealed by two applications of clear acrylic. 

The final clear coat gives the car a glossy, highly reflective appearance and increases the resistance of the color coat to chemical fallout and stone pecking. 

The Lincoln Versailles will debut in 
Lincoln-Mercury showrooms April 15. 

AUTOMOTIVI DI SPLAY 

TOM BENSON’S GIGANTIC 3 IN I 
USED CAR AND TRUCK SALE 

THESE PRICES GOOD 
’74 MONTE CARLO blue. loaded, vinyl top, radial m m tires.................................... # 1 8 3 6 n j D V D 
’7o GRAN PRIX green, loaded, mod tops, power windows green, loaded, model J, vinyl c a w. on 
#1941 *1 o 9 5 

72 DODGE MONACO 
C oupe, w hite, lo a d ed , vinyl top. AM EM cruise, power win- aw * ow rn d o w s ............................... # 1 7 5 o 
I o 9 5 

73 ROYALE OLDS 
Coupe, green, loaded, vinyl top, low miles, extra clean 
............................ 
# 186t 
’73 EL CAMINO 
Super Sport, brown, loaded. 
AM/FM, turbine mags. 
............................................. # 1 .1 7 6 . 
’75 GRAN TORINO 
Coupe, green, loaded, well cored f o r ...................... # 1 7 9 9 
’72 INTERNATIONAL 
Travel-all, blue, loaded, trailer mg package 
. . . . . . # 6 o 7 B 
’74 MALIBU 
4-dr., green, loaded, good family c o t...................... # 1 8 o o 
’73 PLYMOUTH 
Plus 
Coupe, brown, f. vinyl top, new tires 
# 1 9 o 1 

*2695 

*3295 

Sebring b o d ed , i 
*2495 

IF YOUR OLD CAR 
WILL DRIVE IN, 
IT S WORTH 

$ 5 o o TRADE IN. 

MARCH 12 thru 1 5 . 
’74 GMC 
Vj-ton, blue, loaded, super t e i n e custom pkg..................... # o 8 8 1 
J O 
V 5 
’68 IMPALA 
Coupe, green, boded, viny! 
£ • p q C top, see to appreciate . 
# 1 9 3 9 
I 5 V D 
’7o MALIBU 
Coupe, green, loaded, good 
* « C A C cor, vinyl to p 
. # f 9 8 6 
I 5 
9 
5 
’74 COMET 
4 dr., white, V-8, automatic, l a a A r with a ir........................... 
# 1 9 2 7 2 4 9 5 
’72 MAVERICK 
Grabber, red, V-8, 
A M /F M , 
• • A L A # clean c ar...................... # o 9 6 5 A 
I O V J 
AS IS MECHANIC SPECIALS 
’72 PINTO 
Wan , orange, 4-spd., with air, 
* a a r extra d e a n 
# 1 9 7 5 B 
9 
9 
5 
’71 NOVA 
4-dr., blue, 6-cyl., automatic, aw e t o r radio.............................. 
# I 258A 
I 2 9 5 
’68 CHEVELLE 
Blue, 4-dr., 3-spd., V -8, with t x A A P rodio and heater . . . . # 1 9 9 2 
I <4 ▼ D 
’73 VEGA GT gold, automatic, radio, air con t v a a e a itb n e d ..............................# 1 9 8 8 
I 
’71 AUDI IOO SL 
4 dr, bl mr, automatic, radio, 
| « gz 
CHT 
4 I 8 5 9 
I Jm # mr 

MIC’s 12 mo./12,ooo-mile 
INSURANCE IS AVAILABLE 
TRUCKS 

MECHANICAL BREAKDOWN 
ON QUALIFIED URS AND 

■KIMMET 

LOOP 4 1 o A SAN PEDRO 

"A COMPUTE AUTOMOTIVE WORLD" 

3 4 1 -3 3 1 4 

737 W ___ 

*7S PIN TO 
M r , reeded vtnvi r e * . Il/M 
Htmpmii Mc C M M * N e rP e W 

» * * * * • BJ.IS Si :-*tP 
JU Pinto e»*« owner 4o.OM md#* 
»’«• 
— t 
— 
|v/4 Pint® On* owner Ai.tr._jW mmstw 
Men* extras M e-**** 

- r Pmt e suture Metre* We##* 
Standard mr t m * Ceti Metred id Wit 
---- 
I i PIN TO- M ender* dir H IT I 
Cen Mender, ret M JI 

737 ton itn m 

71 PINTO WAGON eu ternate, mr, 4d.d** mr. si st* 
Hunt edit I m< Cern fee Ner rn west l a s j i i s I S B H M f i m 
■ ■POS AVAILABL* 
TA** Over Paym ents, SMALL t3 w , w» 

7 1 1 HURO! (MRO 
Ted* #**r aa* m enti 
#4o1 *"' 

M THUNOkMSlRO 
Putty •enure**, ti** M et tend! lien Owner twill (m e e t* , i t l l 1 

 ti Thunder dud twit newer le t­ ter* air Like new 
U license 
IIIN IM y WM rn JKf n CMUNDS R bi U o AU litr e s i tit electric end new er, whit* ! 
• •ut* em tnt I tr ic k H ere* 
Perfect condition JI,AM miles 
S S iJtM Lilim !_____________ l l THONI.!; Ii UNO 
W I til WM 

H T fp fiu 

FREE 
LICENSE 
PLATES FREE 

W ITH EVERY PU R C H A SE 
’7 5 -’7 4 -’7 3 -’7 2 -’71 - ’7o 
DARTS, DUSTERS, VALIANTS, 6-CYUNDER, 8- 
CYLINDER, AIR, POWER, STARTING AT . . . . $995 

•ta r u D v c ir o N,w 
Yortl*r 
/ O v i l l i I J LEK automatic, radio, heater, air, all power, like new 
..................................... 
’76 OLDSMOBILE HS#"’ automatic, power, air, extra clean.............. i -re f LID V C ! CD docker Brougham, ? 
/•I L U K DICK door hardtop, all power, air, like new...................................... f nr a ■■ i n i / IU a* Old power, fully equip- 
/J MAKIL IV ped, cleon................. f a , AA C o n ID V Monarch, I door automatic, 
/ O MCKvUKT rodio, heater, air, like new... 
* 7 o C ftD G ®fon ,onno Station Wagon, vinyl in 
/ J rUKU tenor, air, power, clean................. 
* 7 o D I l i d / door hardtop, vinyl in 
/ J D U IL K tenor, rodio, heater, automa tic, power 
............................................... y e * r c n i l I A f ^*^°n 
Ville, blue, fully 
/J VALMLl AV equipped, cleon...................... 
’73 OLDSMOBILE S t'U frS S ; power ond ow................................................... 
* 7 o D f t lJ T IA C ®°nnevi(le, * door, automatic, 
/ <S r UN 11 Av radio, heater, oir, power___ 

* 7 o r u D v c i C D Town* ow) Coun,fT' Ngog* 
I L V i m I JACK rock, 6 passenger, oil vinyl interior, oir, power........................ y e . r i f t D P C Mon(X(> Brougham 4-door he 
/ m UUUUC top, power, oir, fully equipped 
* 7 1 AA CDS’ ! ID V Mon,*'*V> ♦ door, automatic, l l m C K v U K T radio, hooter, oir and power., 

 hard 

*6495 

*4495 

‘3695 
‘4495 
*4195 
*1995 

‘2195 
*3495 

*2295 
*2195 

‘1595 
‘1595 
‘ 1395 

Top Quality 

USED CARS 

O.R. MITCHELL 

Chrysler/Plymouth 

28oo Broadway 822-3341 

USED CARS 
USED CARS 

NORTH 
Dependable 
STAR 
Dependable 
SPECIALS 

 w e i s A i s r r UWM* Cest*** I door hardtop. 
7 5 D Q U u I m U M , automatic power, oir . . . . . cendb i e i d, hwdsets. consol. #8312* . . . . 
J J O 4 

A I m r ®»*"Rr t Amt, rwdie, standard, dir 
■ . . — — 
75 A m i cndm.n.4 21,ooo milei, »6o4* 
2177 

 w e A t r s r tattoo* Supreme, 2 dwar hardtop, 
75 OLDS AM W. I Trade, automatic, power, air ciadH iinid, Hit wheel, day! roaf, 1S.QoQ 
. . . . . 
«am, #iimb............. 
*4369 

 emo b i v a * / k l i t u Vahaat 4 fe e t eadan, 
71 r l T m U U l n 225. * cyimBor, radio. ..e e e 
■atomatic. air cawdttsnnod. # IM A 
1392 
75 DODGE dttmaad, MOO nabs, AM-W, # 4 2 1 A l 
*3289 

 i o n B l |ie w Shyfarfc, Caetani, 4 dear hordtep, 
I A B U I V l\ rome, awtaawtk, pawer, aw eta- 
. . . . . 
Atwood, elayf roof, radials, #$27A 
2286 

 e w e t s A i s A r A aa* (attorn, 4 Baar, 22S A 
I O U U U u t cyhadac, rad!*, outemofK. paw- ar, ah oaadmaaad, vinyl raaf, 47oo miles, . . . 
# W 4 4 ............................. *4173 

 e m * f t l A D r C D 
* ♦aer hardtop, rad**, 
/ 8 v n A K b i K ant em abc. power air con dttioaod, eiapi raaf, wha wheel ce vow, 
. n n * o 
• J43IA 
* 2 9 8 1 

NORTH STAR DODGE 
7242 San Pedro 
341 -2257 

-M H U 
I *CUIS Al. 

CAVENDER 
OLDSMOBILE COMPANY 
IS PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE A 
SPECIAL SALE! 
1977 OLDSMOBILE 
Cutlass S 
*4995 

& 
BUICK 

 automatic, ow, rn u irn its y e * b i n r-sr ^entury 7 k , hu.dtuf., 
74 BUICK poem. doubt* chocked 
... _ ^ uw s.neo ........... 
‘2995 m t u f u *>*rnowk, beouftlui Mock hnisk <*i 
/ / D U K E eitener, automat*. ak, power, 
Ail Id stereo cedent 1)oo miles 
BARGAIN 
Club coupe, automatic air, 

2-DOOR COUPE-FULLY EQUIPPED 
AS OUR STK. /1 4 2 8 
★ V-6 ENGINE 
★ AIR CONDITIONING 
★ AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION 
★ POWER STEERING 
★ POWER BRAKES 
★ AM RADIO 
★ TINTED GLASS 
★ BODY SIDE MOLDINGS 
★ DELUXE WHEEL DISCS 
★ WHITE SIDEWALL TIRES 
CAVENDER 
OLDSMOBILE 

8o1 BROADW AY ★ * 226-7353 

“ CONFIDENCE IS CAVENDER" 

731 LINCOll 

76 CHEVROLET pewee, eny nol throughout .. 
A4395 
74 THUNDERBIRD i . m l h h w mo.4 ‘4995 ie * / * n u ■ *w LddP* Oe»t«e, • reel mu W, fully . . . . 
75 CADILLAC equipped. ttioceugMy deubte chee led 6695 igj runmAi yy 
T2.JUL mtes, auteawttt, err . 
74 CHfVkOlET pawer. Due beauty .. ttoutto TO *3795 lei wiiinr "P1 
H m>*. cewhwehen err, 
76 BUICK uutomctu pewer siiarp 
*4995 
• a w e m e u 
*hnere outomatK, oh, pawer lute I s imest 
73 BUICK won cat. #m7sa ...... 
*3695 
Century Lulus hwdtop, coupe, outomotic, 
75 BUICK on, puwoi, thoroughly recondirioned, wtibtM... 
‘3795 
•TC iiiycoirif *®*' GipBwi pot, aatiniaHt. (IIAA. 
75 MAVERICK w, power xonwmcol 6........... ‘2895 y«. ....... Custom flectio hwdtop coupe, automatic, 
I J BUI CK ob, power very met color combination, • . 
............ ‘4495 
• W I A i m # " N W '* * * " aotwMltc. NI power m u , . . . . . 
71 OLDS tutors* c o b double ch eek ed ...,, 
*1995 
SPIRES-DOUGLAS BUICK 
L JLIM 
U ttifli M M A iB li j 

7 3 LINCOLN TOWN CAR tuny loaded extra nice. IMH 
Hemphill McCombs Northwoat 
Bundero Md pl Loop e lf k|1.1«J1 
TI LINCOLN TOWN CONM. mint 

 ta Mark III Cloan cond , real ntcot IPW 33KI74 otter i 
*» MARK 111 
Fully loaded tx c o tlo n t cdr 
Owner will tinonco. Coll Jerry 
Porrith, J4Y **♦« 
Ti MARK III. Reoi MCO. toodedJ must SNI newt D euteron 
I34-I7J1 re Mark IV, oil o x tra t except moon root tsees III e n s 
Ti Mer* tv Chocolate brown diamond tire paint Landau top with moon root Aluminum wheel* ond luxury oroue interior, 16.OOO rm Many more (KTRAS! **>oo 
*4o iUJ Otter tom 
7 4 MARK IV, excollent condition. 
6SJ o2o4 Alter PPM 
T i MARK tv , toddod. solid black 
White teether interior, J 4 1 |lt4 , 

737 FMO 
731 i m 

Re-Stockad from SALE-OUT 
ALL 1977 MONARCHS 
COMETS, BOBCATS, AND CAPRIS 
$ C A OVER 
COST! 
FINANCING AVAILABLE 
22S-oSo1—MUST ASK FOR 
DON HOLTZ M JERRY HOLSTON 

7o Thunderbird**mrrtmtt i onditron i/i»» »;s> 
..... e l Toon* GT VI aula mr New 
•m n reef *M tiros *4oo 
- X * __________ ____ re TO R IN O s a u iR S WAOGGN 
Puny eauippcd bk* new Owner w ill fin a n c e 
S ill 
T h o m o i, 
** *** jee om 
71 TORINO Woden, leedea ta MO 
WL IWD W M L .... 
, , 
IN IIN UM H niws 
(4*1 111 ie e e 

7 3 MASON S1595 
Pint* S quirt Wood arain sides 
Air pmd color shore- u s u t ) 
6* ML, J dour h ard to p Power.! jyrtajejncjf^^ 
731-tincan________ 

F4 Ltncotn C o n tin en tal * dent 
Putty enum oe d 14.144 m iles Likn I n e w 14/75 c o n s id e r t r u d e . | g g M f . i l f M ! 
Lincoln C ontm enloi I * /1 4 d oor | secktn, air lull power 
-my! fop, teether in terio r, t i l t s I i i 1*14 | 
SAB 
»t«ty m tv ______ 
71 Ltnit OLN 4 door bs Owner loaded blue whit* teether in l# r.| tor This car rn reel anna cond* lion s I tag H e 4i>o goy or wpm 

7 1 LINCOLN 4 door i e a a o a i! b lo re * , le a th e r lu k e up a a y m e im And a s s u m e sm all balance COH Mr te em * 111 o*14 

’75 UNCOIN 
CONTINENT Al 
TOWN CAK 

 f u l l y e q u ip p e d . 
H a s only 23,ooo mil#s. 
8 6 9 7 3 
— o v u n ai w ill t i rswm a , 
C^n jm | ftHnrriy 

• 2 4 - 7 3 1 1 Days 
3 4 9 - 1 9 6 2 fy e m n y i 

74 MARK IV, ie Ida mi t U C I 
!»»• equip By owner 4»4 177) 
MARK iv 
I U ), i j . i m m iles I 
Si*”" 
______ 
74 MARK IV. d o c owner 17 iud mites 111 4 3 » a h er 7 at* OMI 
/J Mark iv , white 41.ooo mi. H ail m n helms, 15/oo, 7o Continental 
HTM, aartact cand jee idOi 
Toe* over Leas* en unique s97* 
Contmenloi M ark IV No equity 
Hun, ss* i t l l iii annat________| 

OMfcT V I ,..rider slundurd radio heeler oir is c e lte n t aas 

 yr ae ady black tiny! 

SH* 
JUUM*, iaturdav only iilt. 

1*71 COMI. t 4 DOOP 
• LUC Luudedr 
............. tl4*b 
TOM B IN IO N iM HORTf 
»m,i6a.glB8R 
HHH) 

 tot TSH testis* 'I sue ss 
ON A ye Shit AD 
IMI hUMSIi t o t Ass 
IS tis • SOO 
IAktlSS ANC. NWS 
■RMM! BMR D| Dp aw# 
- 

7 4 L iw celn M ark IV. s i t ny 
■•ack on b lack wit!) b u rfu n d y ta t w ire w heels alm o st ev ery a v e rt o p tio n p ita s * c e n Mr 
©wane al 
SI* UM. 
IJJ 4J7I. st4 I t l l 
IN# AL I IGN NUMIII 
#CNI 
(HACK >OU« WANI Ail rn tMi iiNiui NI v 
ADU til I AQQ 

47 Coe aor 
• up l i t enq auto It* or b o il* otter t i l ISI) 
_________ 
J 
Ti COUGAR Low m .ieaat Root iv c ie a n t C ic e lto n t co n d itio n eX TR A f 117 | t » . I l l MM altar 

T T C OU aor"" KR 7™a m T mT S T solte, I m l w a rra n ty . U M mi i 
J m J m m urn rn 
7 4 COUGAR KR•? tuMv boded, nob* 
Hi-inph.it M cCu.<>us N orthw est 
■RjPQM Bf 9? UH ll! 4*l |4il 
I i COUGAR XR-7 

YOU’LL FIND IT HERE! t m 
7 VOLARE 
4-D O O R 
^ 
SCD AN 

AwtomcRrc, on toftdrt.om sd, 
V B, p o n e , iio arm u 
& br abas 
# 7 1 2 1 

14 COMET 
I dour tended it,Ida mr. IM M 
Mer*, obit I McCombs Northw est l*L» 
1% COMET 
4 duoi leaded M IM 
Hemphill NU Combs '4*flhw4*l 1 
•-•‘is* 2 • 
4ti A*I 14Jt j 
•4 COUGAR out* Mf, opceMon 
4t*4 •« n Q j H R l a . 

 load**. SAM* 
N M tCorr 
Combs N orthw est 
__________________ iii ilM M I I 
74 COUGAR XR7 loaded iii.e r 

D irt/ It S t i l l D stU y 
U k ed ears Atom Our Ro«nh float 
»1*74 Used I 
IM I bOUTti I f HMUSAL 
Poe IMM m al Min C M IM 4 to* I 

 tkm m m » 
;«mt ^ 

JACK RIKCfR 
CHOY t i l e h i YM OU TM 

TW NUM bi* TO CAI 

I s u et ss ANO M w t 

JPKIAL AV 
*5o92 

18oo SAN PEDRO 
7324211 

TONI IA RQI QB mn 
€ Ait Iii I AQQ 

E 
X 
P 
R 
E 
S 
S 
- 
N 
E 
W 
S 
B 
O 
N 
U 
S 
A 
B 
S 
S u m s 
$ 
" 
W 

T 
E 
X 
A 
S 
S 
I 
Z 
E 
S 
A 
V 
I 
N 
G 
S 
. 
. 
. 
I O d a y s 

N O N C O M M E R C I A L ! 
CANCELLABLE 
WITHOUT 
RATE CHANGE 
2 2 S - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK 
RE 

/3o 7<3 AUTOMOBILES 
7311743 ftUTOMOBIUS 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 I 9 7 7 

——» 
............................................................ 
— 
1 ' 
—X — — 
... 
— i — 

74o OIDSIVW 

MARCH USED 
CAR SPECIALS 

'66 OLDS Toronado 
Excellent, S23oo 653 99oo 
Taka over p a y m e n t on 

748 • TRUCKS I COMMERCIA! 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
746 • TRUCKS 8 COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
_ 

746 - TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS. BUSES 

7 5 MERCURY green with green vinyl top, all power and ak, speed control, one owner l y e l l C D / ’ I I B V 
J-door, blue with 
I S ITItlCLUK I white top, 
AM radio, automatic, power steering, air, low miles 

*389o 

7 3 5 o 
I T I / 'A D D I 
PO**r steering, rodio, 
74 LAPKI stondord one owner 
*199o i * o% I , | j r r t | (J Continental, 
4-door sodon, 
/ el L I N v U L N green with green vinyl top. all power and ok, AM -TM stereo tape, speed control, tilt wheel, one owner 
MJI A D K 1%/ with white vinyl top, 
/ J I r lA K K I V oil power and air, speed con­ trol, leather interior................................... tym . A n n 
Ironco, A wheel drive, rodio, 
Ii rUKU automatic, power steering, oir, 
19,ooo miles, green................................... 

’ T C C A D D t,lu*' ^ u* l° ndau '"nVl 
I J rUKU top, oil power and oir, fully loaded, 
AM/FM stereo, 1o,ooo miles ...................... 
, —r r A n n Maverick, 2-door, light blue, stan 
7 5 F O R D dord, i-cylinder 
.......................... r f i n r \ Granada, 
2-door, 
AM/FM stereo, 
7 O r U K U standard, powor steering, A-cylin der, oir, 2o,ooo miles................................. 
C A D A 
^ door' ^ u* W|t*’ ^ ue vinyl 
/ O rUKU top, radio, automatic, power steering, power brokes, ak, 14,ooo miles 

 tr a d / * U E W D A l C T Ve9° GT ^to,ion * ° 9 on. 
/ 4 L H c V K U lC I brown, (R TR with tope, standard, 4-cylinder, ak, luggage rack......... 
• TX. D l l i r i / F«gal. 2-door, gray with gray Ion 
I O H U lL lV dou vinyl top, AM/FM stereo, automatic, powec steering, power brokes, ak, rod velour interior 
D I l l /"IF *lv',rn’ "b iti with Inndau vinyl 
/ O d U I L K top, fully loaded, all power ond ak, only 8.ooo miles..................................... 
7 3 OLDSMOBILE £ J v 'S *',* vinyl top, oil power and a ir.......................... 
7 6 OLDSMOBILE wTi™: dau vinyl top, all power and oir, 13,ooo miles........................................................ 

9 T A D A U T I A T Sunbird' 
2dow 
7O PUN I IAE AM TM stereo, standard, 4 cylinder, ok.............................................. 
Aspen Special Edition, 4 door 
76 DODGt sedan, 
AM/FM stereo, automatic, power steering, power brakes, 8- cylinder, oir, green with white vinyl top. 

*329o 

*519o 

*469o 

*439o 
*239o 

*379o 

*485o 

*189o 

*479o 

‘679o 

*235o 

‘489o 

‘319o 

7,ooo miles 

7 6 CORDOBA SS A automatic, power steenng, power brakes, 8- cylinder, oh .............................................. 

 b i A A IT C ^or*° 2-door, copper with cop- 
7 2 M O N T E per vinyl top, radio, automotk, power steering, power brakes, 8-cylinder, o ir.............................................................. 
7 2 CONTINENTAL IX I / " , " * power ond air, fully looded, AM/fM stereo 

7 3 OLDSMOBILE X m 
A C al! power ond oir, fully loaded...................... 

‘459o 

74 C ut­ lass Supreme C all: 222-o986 ask for Dennis atter 8 ;-Coli 456 4321 
7 2 T -B IP D . fu lly loaded, m oon roof, vin yl top $29oo 333-3o72 

7 3 TORONADO 
By Original Owner 
Im m aculate C ondition! $32oo 
E ldridge , ole 828-6573 
Home 828-6986 
1976 ■ t "T op 6 i3's'"c'utloss su prem e 
B rougham 
826-9565, 

741 PLYMOUTH 

7 i M JiV fe 'S T o l r . W t f i l . T f t 
John 226 o291______________ 
'74 Duster, auto. air, power, vin yl top. new tire s , enc cond. $24oo. 
A fte r 5 3o, 674 7o66, Peewee 
7o b u S T E R 6 cyl . std E xcellent 

Good m e c h a n ic a l condition. {16oo-653-1171 
1974 DUSTER, st 6. low m i. $1,674 
973 6766, 922-8911 
___________ 
73 Gold Dusker 
$215o o r best otter 658-o547. 
74 P L Y M O U T H CU DA 
P ow er, a u to , a ir, v in y l top 
B u c k e ts , console. AM -P M tapedeck. ra lly wheels 
E xcellent cond. 
$2995. 
655-3955 
66 P LY M O U TH * U b V III------ 
M echanics spacial 822-7458 
•72 P ly m o u th 6 old D u s te r. V I, auto, a ir, nice! $14oo 226-8526 
■69 P L Y m 6 U t h Satanta wagon. 
318, v8, auto, air. 673-4467 eves. 
66 Plym outh Safelllfe 2-dr , good engine, needs body w o rk. $2oo 
I Call 494-1765. 
____________ 
1975 P lym o u th station w agon. 6 pa sse n g e r 
A ir, p o w e r 
A ll the 
"g o o d ie s " 
R e ta il p ric e $3495 m ust sell 
$2595. 
Coll anytim e. 
736-6)33 
74 P LY M O U TH V aliant, 6 cyl au 
' to . p o w e r - a ir , A M -F M ra d io , j $38,ooo m iles. 
One owner. 
828-45o7_________________________ 
PLYMOUTH, ‘75. $2995. 
Valiant custom , auto. v 8, low mi. super condition M ust sell 494-23o8 
73 P lym o uth Wagon 3 Seat, au to., p o w e r, o ir, A M -F M $1995. 
I 22o 2745, 824 7663 
•in P lym o u th W agon. M oto r ax- cellent condition. $4oo. 432-o92$. 
69 R O A D R U N N E R $6oo as is 
SHO M agnum ____________________ 
'71 Satellite 4 door, 6 cyl, factory air, power, auto, new tires, good condition $85o 655 4o71 

G 
M 
C 
RANCHERS! WRECKERS! WELDERS! 
I Ton Dual W heel Cab and Chassis Now As Low as 

746 • TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL)! 
TRAILERS. BUSES 
* 

2 WATER TRUCKS 
I . 1961 I H 
2 Ton 15oo g a ll 
.o p a c ity $175o I - 1962 In te rn a 
•tonal 17oo series 7ooo gal capaci y $325o Both tru cks have spray pars. 695-9218. 
197o 
W h ite " c o b o v e r, 
25o 
C um m ings w ith IO speed Road 
Ranger, 1135 MARCH, 923-7491. 
'66 W HITE F re ig h tlin e r ond belly dump 622-3962 fc 
WINCH TRUCK in ternatio nal R ito T ra cto r T ruck 
Tulsa 23 W inch RD45o eng ine 
Good cond $195o 495 9218 

748 MOTORCYCLES SCOOTERS 

73 BMW, low m ileage, w indlam - m er, other extras. $17oo 344 8956 
7o DSA 65oCC. Low m ileaoe $675 . 
342-7922.________________________ 
•74 ELSIN O R E 
Top condition 822 7458 
Gored! Mo Ped 6 m onths old. $2oo, 
653 3o97 ofter 5._________________ 
I 7 6 H a rle y D a v id s o n c h o p p e r. 
L ots of chrom e ond gold! 734-8296. 

 i n 
TRAILERS 

• SHOW TIME SALE • 

N 
O 
M 
A 
D 
S 

Full line Available-BIG DISCOUNT 

R E D D A L E 5 T H W H E E L S 

J A Y O O C A M P E R S 
BLANCO PRODUCTS 
41o AND BROADWAY 

M M U . MMB M UHM BUZ MOTOR HBMES SALES BERT 

'76 H a rle y D a vidson S p o rtste r. 
Etec. start $255o 656-45o4 

‘499o 

*229o 

‘399o 

‘285o 

PONTIAC 

‘7 1 B o n n e v ille . J d o o r, am im stereo tone. 
MUST 
S E L L ! 
9 2 4 1678 
1969 B o n n e v ille , 2 d r, h a rd to p . 

 ic g 
B 
| 
I M N o RTHt 
‘ ' d r 
------------------ 
I 
P A R K 

[LINCOLN -MERCURY) 

Our Goal? “No 
Unhappy Owners" 
92o7 SAN PEDRO 
(I Ilk North of loop 41o) 
3 4 1 > 8 8 4 1 

1 9 7 5 E x e c u tiv e 
GRANADA GHIA 

Fully Equipped including A M -FM stereo, vin yl top. 
Wholesale Price 
*3275 

C a ll V in c e F u s c o 

2 2 5 - 7 4 1 1 , E x t . I O O 
From 9 :o o A .M . to 5 :o o P.M . 

 v in y l too, 428 cu. in e x c e lle n t m e c h a n ic a l c o n d itio n , g oo d m ile a g e , $795 o r b e s t o ffe r I 
696-3471 weekdays, 
696-3415 i weekends 
7 ) b 6 n N E V IL L E V c ir hardtop". power, a ir, im m aculate. 341-8124; 
349-1643 eves____________________ 
‘72 C atalina B rougham Loaded, i m ust sell 515oo 684 8oo3._________j 
‘68 Catalina $15o cash. I owner 
Coll 735 3965 It Runs___________ 
'69 C A R L IN A 4-door, pow er, air, 
57,ooo m iles, excellent condition, extro clean $8oo. 434-1359 
'69 C A T A L IN A 4-door good cond 
Owner, $745 735-8o45 
' 75 F IR E B IR D r 6 fe<UULA B T 
4 so a ll e xtra s. 24,ooo m i , ca r e fu lty m a in ta in e d , see to appreciate 54595 684 3572________ 
F ire b ird , ‘74 F o rm u la 4<)t, auto. a ir, ra lly wheels, A m -Fm stereo ta p e . B ro m e , E x c e lle n t cond 
$395o 735 4634 
T T T iT E B i^ D T T tS ^ d S T r is T K r 
A M -F M ta p e d e c k ; new p a in t, shog ca rce l and u ph olstery; v in y l top 344-o423 t i 5 r A 'ftb “E ftI'y a u to m a tic , a ir. 

PLENTY OF Va &3A TON PICKUPS ALSO IN STOCK 

A 
G 
O 
O 
D 
T 
R 
U 
C 
K 
I N 
G 
D 
E 
A 
L 
! 
TINDALL & SON PONTIAC-GMC 
7 3 6 - 1 5 6 1 

SHOP CHECKE!) 

T 
R 
U 
C 
K 
S 

•76 Harley D avidson super glide, customised, 2,5oo m i. 226-5859 

1974 H arley D aviason sp ortster. 
E lectric start, Custom. 661-2212. 
'74 H A R L E Y F u ll d r e s t Hog e v e ry th in g ! Super sharp. 1o,ooo miles. 
W ill take trad e 
$265o 
1-675-7159 
•7$ H a ile y X LH SP lOOOcc. $2ooo 
Ask tor Ski, days 
221-S374.______ 

39oo SAN PEDRO 

71 Hodaka B -f 1ooCC D irt Bike, ' like new. $25o 733-158o 
76 HONDA 55o 
$95o 433-o341 433 9387 
73 HONDA 75o, $1o5o. 
641-7527, 532 5o63 
'76 HONDA CB 4oo F-4, 33oo ml., excel cond, $8oo 38oo S W M ill to ry Or Spoce 22 anytim e 

 pow er windows. $277$. Call M an uel, 341-9433. 
76 d»fe A N D F ^ r T x - A -B e a u tifu l c o r! $49oo 674-5275, eves 653-o372 
" ii G rand P rix . Lots of e x tra s 1 
Like new $36oo 927 5912 n ~g R T ffD~ P'R ix L'ow m ileage 
P erfect condition 696-18o2 
7? 6 R Ahi DV I L LT T ood e tl v in yl too, perfect 
I 494 1545 
I ow ner 
$2195. 

ARE YOU IN ONI OF 
THESE BUSINESSES? 

TV Repair 

Appliance service 

Air conditioning 

A Plumbing and heating 

A Electrical contracting 

A Gat and general service 

'72 G R A N D V IL L E 
Take over paym ents, no e q u ity, call C redit M anager, 349-6948 
"G R A N " 

THEN WE HAVE 
THE VAN FOR YOU! 

1977 DODGE 
B-1oo 
TRADESMAN 
VAN 

Tinted glass, 225 6 cylinder, HD ra 

 d ia to r, 6 3 am p hour a lte rn a to r, 

 bucket driver and passenger seat, all 

 direct reading instrum ents, dual large 

 low m ount m irrors, spare tire anc 

 wheel. #8557. 

‘ 
4 
2 
8 
7 
WE ALSO HAVE A LARGE 
STO CK O F S P O R T SM A N W A G O N S 

NORTH STAR DODGE 

74 Hondo CB35o. only 157 m i. ex cedent cond, offer 824-6531 

CAMPING TIME! 
DO IT IN ONE OE OUR 
RECREATIONAL VEHICLES 

7 5 HO ND A CB2oo o u ts ta n d in g e c o n o m ic a l c o m m u te r b ik e . excell condition $5oo 653-7458 

. n A r . . r Vt Tan Pickup, ro«l doors, 6- 
7 4 D O D G E cy tin dor, standard, wide bod .. 

7 o CHEVROLET 

71 Honda-CB 45o. Sharp, extras lo v in g ! $695 675-o543__________ 
7 5 H ondo CB SOO T 
E x c e lle n t condition, extras. 654-1173.______ 

76 TOYOTA PICK-UP mth camper, ak, radio 
'3995 

76 VW BUS automatic. rodio. oir 
'5995 

74 VW 7 passenger bus 
'4295 

74 VW 9-pess*ng#r bus, sun roof 
'4495 

'72 VW BUS (odin, (leon 
*2595 

7 4 BASHIR 
Wagon, luggage rock, outomatk 
'3295 

Lone S la t V o l k s w a g e n (ftI 

33o3 Broodway — 824 7311 v J L y 

 m m 

*265o 

Vi Tm Pickup, radio, boater, 6-cylinder, real 

•71 TOYOTA S i 

Oub Cob Pickup, powor, air, outemahc. dean ...................... 

7 4 CHEVROLET r a i l JST: I V 
- 

Tm Pickup, V A , air, automatic, dean . 

7 4 DATSUN ^ c e t T ^ S * 

7 3 DODGE 

7 5 DODGE 

71 CHEVROLET 2«! 

*155o 

‘245o 

*315o 

*325o 

*365o 

*266o 

*215o 

Hondo CT-7o Street Legal $225 
Coll 344 4244 atter 4 p m ________ 
1975 Honda 55oF, S1295 o r best ofter. 534 5714___________________ 
HONDA 4oo F ou r. Low m ileage 
$1ooo 828-4518 eves._____________ 
1973 Honda 45o. Good cond ition 
$575. Coll 433 53o9._____________ 
75 HONDA 75o 
$145o. 454-o122. 
Good condition 

18o4 BOATS. MOTORS 

7 4 H o ndam atlc 75o. 42oo m iles 
$1675. 1772-3o73 Ofter 4 p m 
76 Hondom atic 75o, Loaded $2o5o, 
435-3341. 
7 4 H O N D A 75o. offer 442-9543 
5.ooo m i 
Best. 

 air. 

• T C r x A A f t Adventurer VY Tm Pickup, V- 
/ J D U U u l I camper cover, automatic, 

'72 CHEVROLET 

74 Honda 45o 
11 .OOO m i., good^ condition $7oo 736-5444_________ j 
HONDA 35o 11,ooo m iles, excel lent condition. $45o. 344 3444. 
I 
HONDA 25o, 6 mo old 
125o rn. I 
Asking $425 734-9984 

*425o 

*315o 
IO.R. MITCHELL DODGE I 

O R E N 
________ 
1 
113o BROADWAY 
O P E N 
EVENINGS 
227-2283 

739 MERCURY 
74o OLDSMOBILE 

7 3 MARQUIS S1695 
Tnt steering m ony extras 
485-1441 
__________________ 
1949 M ere Colony Pk. Wagon, full power, clean, >o pass 444-5926__ 
68 M ERC URY 4 dr sedan Air. 8 tra ck Good tra n sp o rta tio n $35o or bast offer 684 2725 o tte r 5 pm 
•7$ M e rc u ry 
O ra n 
M a rq u is 
Brougham , fu ll pow or fa cto ry oir, 
M icholm t ir e i One ow ner Low m ile a g e '77 lic e n s e 
L ik e new 
$5145 WHI trod e 423 2883_________ 
71 M ercu ry M arq uis. 62,ooo m i , 
FM , a ir, auto . po w e r ste e n n q . brokes. 51)45 681 1234 or 341 SO JO 
•74 
M E R C U R Y 
Brouqham . Has everything . M ust see to appreciate 828 45o/ 

7o Cutlass Supreme A ir, pow er, 
$1ooo 6S6-6f » . 
76 d ll t L A SS S u p re m e , a ir, 8 tra ck $49oo 924-6917 
7) d a lla s * VS 
A uto', a ir. pow er s te e rin g , good tiro s , t o w n e r 
$15oo 656 5495. 
•Til Cutlass V ery good cn m iiim r 
Moke Ofter 342 19o6 Oft 6________ 
74 Delta IS. $2966 4 d r pow er. ctaon. 344 1323._____________ 
71 b e llo 88 M etallic blue pow er, 
J new tir e s , a ir . W o n t to b u y s m a lle r c o r! Clean, good cond 
A s k in g $1145 
W ill b a r g a in . 
658 5748. 656 1721 atter J 

68 D e lta 88 

74 
G R A N 
PH I k . tin a n c in g available $2995 224 4419 
7r6 "5 ro n H F rT x""n 
F u lly loaded, sunroof Coll 494-2867 
7 $ G ra n P rix . R e a lly lo a d e d ) 
Sunroof, pow er seals, w indow s. 
A M -FM 8 track plus 27 other op­ tions 
Way under 
Book price. 
656 8984 y r ' W i ' w p b i v : " « a k i poym ents, call 924-6671 
67 6 tO 4oo engine, 4-speed, call 
674 1541 

75 F o rd B ro n co R a n g e r * w h l d rive , auto, o ir, pow er, custom wheel w ells, spoke m ags, on oft rood Hies 555oo 444-45o9. 
76 F6 RD Chateau Van 5ooo mi, air, tope $7195 223-93o9 til 7 pm 
I I i I yi d C ourler clean, com plete 
I overhaul $1495. '237848_________ 
74 FORD Courier, $ sod . 8 fro c k 
$285o. 458 3855 
.7 i FO R n tV b S r :------------ 
2 ton cab ond chassis. 191 V -8, 
5 speed 
2-speed okie, 4:oo » JO tire * 
H M P H IL L MCCOMBS FORD 

T R U C K C E N T E R 
Call W ally 435 4o71 
F U L L Y 

SOOD TIMES VAN 
L O A D E D !! 3 ooo m iles M ust sell 
Coll. John 341-8211____________ _ 

HONDA OF SAN ANTONIO 
57o8 MOBUD____________ 684 3682 
72 Honda 45o $45o or trad e tor 
Old pickup 532-o354 532-444o 
73 HO ND A S L IOO Good condl lion Coll after 5 OO pm , 337-5472. 
1976 Hondo 75o SS Bell helm et*. 
I crash bars, in w a rra n ty 7oo mi., 
$16oo 654-o664__________________ 
74 Honda 75o Super Sport 29oo 
, m i . lust like new 1 Cost $24o3, sell 
' for $175o 732 6245, 8 to S________ 
1974 H onda 75o 
W m d ia m m o r, 
! le g g in g s , b a c k re s t, lu g. ra c k j T rip le 
A b a g s . 
$18oo. 
Im - 
. m a c u la te ' 
M u s t see to op- precigte! 4447 864 

CHRYSLER S GREAT GIVEAWAY 

W e w ill give you up to $ I OO o f C hrysler accessories 
FREE w ith the purchase o f o n y new C h rysler o u tb o a rd m otor now 

F o r D e t a i l s S e e : 
CARTER MARINE SALES 

H w y . 3 o 6 C a n y o n L a k e 

5 1 2 - — 9 6 4 - 3 9 4 1 

O ffe r Expires M arch 3 1 , 1 9 7 7 — v o id w h ere p ro h ib ite d k j 

754 T his pans accessories 

G RAN DE FORO TRUCK SALES 
IH1o and W W W hite Rood 
641-412)____________ 
H O 
S u p e r 
G lid e 
' 7 4 . 
L o w 
. mileage. excellent 
$27oo 
653-6847 

71 Honda 45o w ith fa irin g New e n g in e 
$7oo 
M O V IN G M U ST 
S E LL! 641-5752 
__ 

I CAMPERS [RAILERS 

M o o a r 34o h ig h p e rfo rm a n c e eng , 2o2 h e a d s , 4 -s p d ,. new 
Clutch $7oo 696 4587 Oft 5 
14o SL, M e rce d e s, m o to r o n ly, good running cond 344-1748 
USED FO REIG N CAR PARTS 
Toyota-Oatsun-M oida-VW , m ore 
T A M Auto P orts, 458 o591 
J VW G oodyear tires w ith mags, 
o6ox11, good tread. $14o 427-2243. tom-4pm 

JOE HARRISON HONDA 
Soles-Service-Port* 
34o1 BROADW AY 
824 9496 
Kawosaki Big Horn 35o Race or tra il, a ll the O oodiesl Com plete o ve rh a u l M oke o tte r. L. Duck w orth 
333-3384. 
________ 
7o HOBBS T R A ILE R 
26', alum body, wood floor O ver­ head dr., pow er to il gate. »t445 
422 5254 , 923 3912. 
______ 

74 K a w a s a k i IOO, 
4417741 a fte r 4pm 
$275. C a ll 

! 7242 SAN PEDRO 
341-2251 

UP 

>!at« 

7 3 MERCURY MARQUIS 
4-door Sedan 
AM -FM radio 
A ll 
$2789 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORO SOUTHSIDE 
19o1 s e M ilita ry 422 4317 

____________________________ 7 7 p 
M A R Q U IS *hope $525 673 o258___ 
7 $ b l T Y / T 88 R o y a sedan $29oo 333-3o72 
L e M o n s, e x tra cle a n 

 good 

T " D T 

74 M ERC U R Y M onarch, 4 door. auto a ir. pow er. $5oo m i 5485o 
W 
W 
, M i n ! 
•74 M e rc u ry M o n te g o , e x c e l cond, col) o fte r 5pm 481 ?4U 
I ‘74 M e rcu ry M onarch Chia 
Cooee. M ast S oih ■ 222 1342 
197} M e rc u ry M o n te g o 4 -door, auto, a ir, steel ra d ia ls, m e ta llic light green , white vin yl too Ho* had e x c e lle n t core, bv o rig in a l owner Looks ond drivos like new 
341 >478 t i M E R C U R Y M O N T E R R E Y 4 door, excellent m echanical condi hon AH pow er >34-o444_________ 

7o 4 Tr pow er steering, a ir, radio , v in y l top, I ow ner Call 432 8441 
I T 
Nice 
Supreme, 

422 7851 

CUTLASS looded 
$257$ 634o { FLO RES 
------------------66 6 l &4 442----------------- 
5454 73S-7S37 
' f> Old* ID, auto. pow er, an . I t , OOO m i ,7 7 license 
E x c e lle n t cond 
585o cash Coll for John 874 4423 o fte r 5pm 
4 J o iT ;4 4 i T b b i . 'J s p r - P o r tra c k . AM PM q ua d o ir. ru n * perfect 54oo 732-33o9___________ 
O LD S 44} 
7o 
C le a n , lo o d e d 
45,ooo m i. 878-4484. 251 te fo rd 
Atter 4pm 
W r M 
M 
'C T N V m i l l'E — 
R E D D E L T A 88 
NEW TIR E S 
519oo SEE THIS-1 435 1641 
7? Olds tu s to n i Wagon E xcellent 

7 5 L E M A N S 
2 door, loaded. 21.ooo m i. 51789 
H em phill M cCom bs N orthw est 
^Bandera Rd at Loop 41o 641 1431 
?6 LeMans, J dr auto a ir, $1575 
W okely Auto Rentals, 712-624) 
7 5 L eM ans it-clr!, lig h t g re e n 
16,ooo m iles $16oo 142 o911 t i LE t a A t ii H a rd to p , a ir . power, I ow ner $179o 34 1 25o6 
L e m a n s i-t,pi> ci. standard, low m i clean Big John. 226-o291 

7 6 L E M A N S S P T C P E loaded. 17.ooo m iles. S4489 
H em phill McCombs N orthw est 
Bandera Rd at Loop 41o 681 MJI 
77 L lrM A k ti V6 auto . a ir power 

1977 GMC 
‘ 3 9 8 9 

•F T T & I 

H eavy d u ty ra d ia to r, 6 c y lin d e r, sta n d a rd transm ission, 
SW S, Tinted G lass. "T a k e a short d rive to Boerne 
Shop and com pare lo w small to w n co u n try prices 

B O E R N E M O T O R S , IN C . 

8 2 3 N o . M a in , B o o r n e 
TOLL FREI SAN A N TO N IO N O . 2 3 6 *5 5 1 5 

M ER C U R Y M ON TEG O WAGON. 
7 6 L O A O E O 
F a n c y I P e rfe c t c o n d itio n Lo w m ile a g e 582oo1 new, ask mg $5/5o 654-6441______ 

7 6 M O N A R C H ; 
4 door loaded $4284 
H em phill M cCom b* N orthw est 
B andora Rd at L oop 41o 68t u n 

7 6 M O N T E G O M X 
2 doer, loaded 1o.oo4 im *4949 
Mi topfull M cCom b* Northw est 
B onder# Rd a* Loop s it *81 MJI 

7 6 M O N T E G O M X 
I-doer. loaded. 1o.oo4 m i, *4989 
Hem phill M cCombs Northwest 
Bandera Rd of Loop 41o 641 M U 

7 5 M O N T E G O M X 
Tope ever paym ents, ne e q u ity, cow Credd M anager J44 6448 

*75 M O N T E G O , 5 1 8 9 5 . 
6443 SOUTH FLO RES 
7 ) M onterey Odour, power, arr, 
AM PM stereo Clean Good con 

746 BLDittQBlU 

Beautiful 74 Regency A il power, stere o. 64 4o seal 
Steel b e lie d h ie * Bob Richey 333-771o, nrtes 
641 1449 
_ _ _ 
_ _ _ _ _ 
72 Cutes* power steering, outs 
* ' “ H i i U I M 
' 
76 C utlas! B rougham b e a u tifu l a u tom obile1 Showroom cond AH w orthw hile e xtro * 12,444 m iles I owner Witt sot u tile equity Take up lease p u r itie s * p a ym e n ts et 
5)75 me Buyer m ust have geed tre d d TM-111? 
71 CUTLASS Coupe Red. white 
Ida. in te n d ! 
*8 444 m i p e rfd c l condition Eta/s 699 4394 ___ 
*73 C U TI ASS J door h o id to * 5314$ 
134-4344 PW I 6*o QMM_______ ___ 
‘64 CRIMM C dr. new point A u m . powor |945 I R 1454 
>6 CUTI ASS Saion loaded- m c*. lake up paym ents. i l l ---------- 
CUTLASS 74 
S ilver 6 deei e ir, heel, em tm , r a d ia ls 
L ik e new 
E x c e lle n t m aintenance | 4 i9 l A rter 6 em e n * w e e k e n d s 
M r 
T e rre s 
641 A IN , d ne ens 644 43>♦ t i C utlass I , 1 ow ner, low m i le a d e d l i l t ! t i t / P i 
'____ 
74 C U t l A l t lu p ie m e toke UP 
PdveephN. »34 »6J1 
74 CU TLASS S o n e m * leaded e s s tut a m mg uvunobt* ll * * * r t N 4 H 
___ __ __ 
" t i CUTLASS SUPR k M i ».«W ll 'n III I 'III 
111-■-■■Jg 

 buy p l SUSQ I i i i m 
‘I i Olds Custom C ruiser t^aqon 
W ife s ca r 
C ruise c o n tro l, a ir, : pow er, lug ra ck 
New tire s, a ll iv e records P erfect cond , e rie owner $25oo 434 3944___________ t i OLDS COYLA44 
Toke up paym ents. 934-6471 
1471 Olds C utlass S uprem e one owner 836 4545. 695 8o54_________ 
68 Olds Cutlass Supreme V I, au 
•om otic, pow er, ta cto ry a ir, like new 
77 license $1395 W ill trade 
1433-3443 
' 
Olds ‘h Cutlass Supreme L o o ts uke new Aute a ir power steer mg. brokes AM PM R etail value 
$}$$•. need cosh sacrifice 
! $3195-494 5447 
OLDS f# Delta 48 Custom 4-door h a rd to p , 45$ VS, a u to p o w e r s te e rin g , b ra k e s , a ir 
R a d io , clean 475 1774 
I s 6 l« fT Delta 18 C usfo'ii Deluxe 
4oo cg auto , a ir pow er, A M . 
EM ra d io , lope, c ru is e c o n tro l 
Trader pkg , new tires , CB 5435o or make offer 1-425 3287 i i i ! b i b i D elta 18 71661 to ta l nu , new p aint, good tire s , new valves, see lo a p p re cia te , 559$ 
Arter spin. 834 1o22 
O T IT I-------I I — 
B T T T T T B T m 
T R A D E IN GOOD T R A N S P O R ­ 
TATIO N 
1244 
CASH 
ISIS 
CULE BRA 
49 b i b s 
) d o o i 
F o r fe c i candif*#h. S7S4 922 52o1 
4I b id s 4 d o o i Sedan 
Loaded 
647$ Best artel SSS KMM) 

7 5 OLfiS '88' $295o 
E x c e lle n t c o n d itio n F u ll p o w r 
An 812 6141 

73 OLDS SI295 eg new tires, too de a 

 steering, pow er disc. am ins cas­ sette 4,ooo m i. L is t $5o53, sell 
548oo SSS I SRS arter 6___________ 
73 L u xu ry LaM ans 3 door hard lop o3o-4355, artel 7 646-o3o3 

74 Pontiac A stre Safari Wagon 
53oo below Blue Book $247$. A ir, 
AM -FM cassette, im m aculate 
1 673 3444 
• :i l PON V I AC C a ta lin a , couo e. loaded, pe rfe ct! $o9$ 734-2o54 
7) P ontioi C atalina V I, autom a he. power, fa cto ry air. new ra d ia l 
, tire s 77 license 
E x c e p tio n a lly clean $179$ W ill trad e 923 2(83 
I 
7o i» 6 N flA C 4 d ^ ~$l9- - - ~anc mg available 774 4419 
7o P o ntiac i d r. C a ta lin a , ru n s great. $8$o 822-7o42 iW E b N t lA l F i f t E l t h b — 
REO 6 cylinder, loaded! 
$169$ 
TOM BENSON IM PORTS 
94oo SAN PEDR O 
141 IJS* 
■72 PSTm r r e iT w U e e i i e i U t 
$195o 117 o9IE; 714 3551 
I i i F g n iia c C ra n F rix , 9-1, au to m a tic . p o w e r, fa c to r y a ir . 
AM -FM stereo tape, fa cto ry mag whoels. one ow ner low m ileage 
1 '77 license L ik e new 53995 W ill trode 423 29o3 j ‘A t F o R ii> rT M ffM S tT n ^ 5 3 P rt». 
Leaded 544$, best offer 456-tOOO 
48 
P o n tia c 
L e M o n s 
2 d o o i h a rd to p V -l, a u to m a tic po w o r, factory air, 77 license Like new 
$1395 Will if ode 923 3883 
~t>v P u T iiJ q rT e M ra n r^u o T T o n Z T auto . air, VS 342-o631 
'YT F g H T iA y lu x u r y L e M a n s lake ap paym ents, 934-4471 

 s a p 
/4b • TRUCKS I COMMERCIAL 
TRAILERS BUSES_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

NEW and USED 
TRUCK PARTS 
1o14 RO O SEVELT 
513 51o1 
ALAM O W HITE T R U C K * 
814 PR OBAN OT 
I 
224-2U I 
Assume Paym ents! no e u j.fy . 74 
FORD P IC K U P , coli Bdl 512 5411 

 cd 54875 eves J4V 
Bus 5o p o sscn g i-r 

197$ ro t ti Custom ’ j ton 
LO AD ED 816 4545 695 8o56_______ 
1943 F o rd ^ c h o lin e p ic k u p bv owner 5425. 49o 2714____________ 
44 Ford E2oo Von Pipes Moas i Std Panelled 51395 65o-3447 
76 F o rd F i$6 Custom IW B l6o 

'64 In te rn a tio n a l Scout 4 w heel drive, must s e e '!! 433-3o24. 

•73 K a w a s o k i 35o m iles $5oo 427 2475 
I c y l., lo w 

I n te r n a tio n a l T r u c k s 
715 Steves Ave 
534-5471 

74 K A W ASA KI IOO D IR T B IK E 
53oo 45o-1o)7________________ 

Engine, it d Power 453-4o32 

*74 F O R D F -2 5 o 
Take over p aym ents, no e a u itv coll Credit M onoger, 344 6944 
74 FORD GOOD 
6 9 9 _ I B o i ^ ^ H 

Good m o to r' b re i 
1225o 

H ardtop 
435 1441 
*71 A l b l l l . i l l ! * ------------- 
L IK E N E W ! 344 1729 
TI O l b i L u x u ry sedan good cond 51.975 923 6766 922 o911 
71 b k t* t i ' I u n ity ie iia n F ully 
•guip p e d 
It license L ike new 
$27*5 Wdl trade 92J 7883 y i O lJt f l lu x u ry Coupe 'White on w h ile , esc t ile rn cond O w n e r 
Asking $195o 455 9217 is 6 r » t M 6 i i i r w u g o ' r 
«uii pow er m ust s e lh W dl fin a n c e , 
CPN Weedy 433 <444 
5 tK ;;T C !;~ B 3 G ~ ir k u , a 7 
4 dooi Sedan 
Aute a ir, pow er 
AM FM r adio Wdl trode l i t 43o/ s i b l b l h r - Mio*, b a ilo r y. mo 
•OI 471 I64« i i S U s T l 

SOME REPOSSESSIONS 

AVAILABLE 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 

SUPERIOR PONTIAC 

92o BROADWAY 

227 5o41 

Take ever paym ents on 7 j p on tioc I deer V e n tu ra Ne eq u ity io n 
424 o914 ask tor Fred, arter 
7 421 7757 

 t i A b i r even T i P o n tia c '8V IT . has $4,666 o r,ginqi m i 
I O wner, t o r ' l l th ru 73 Chevy er F o ld van. 
966 B ritto n Ave 927 4441, aH gr 
J Pm weekdays all day weekends 
75 T ra n s Am 
^T T e lT e n T T t^B hon. loaded 349 9 4 59 
T T T B T E T a v ! 4 spT T o" 
Bofare l p m 431 $$}} 
T rY T u 'n s 'A r 

 body ond 
424 2739 
By ow ner, 'N C h e v ro le t7 'i Ion 
LWB Meet line. 356 V I. I b a rre t standard. 312$ tm , used 3 weeks. sickness $429$ 464-3417 
Cannot get in su ra n ce m ust s e lh l l S la te r. 4 wheel drive, oir, od power, cruise control 
$75o6. 
$34 9771 

D istrib u to rs C entury W reckers 
14oJ NO A LA M O 
22$ 4144 
6-r f k t V g L l I w f c l e d ie . ports 622-9793, 653 /44$ oft 7 RHI i i i ) C h evro let Cheyenne Supar. loaded1 824 954$ 49$ 8654 i l l thew role) pickup V -I, 'outoT.... tic pow or, fa cto ry a ir, 77 hconse, extra clean 
$139$ 
W dl trade 
433-M M _________________________ i#42 C hevrolet 
.ton i /c fi u.<iiup~. good condition, a ir, 5456 432-6416 
C h e v ro le t to n p ic k u p 
I speed, standard $$92 454 1666 i r g H f V V flo s s ie ’V o n. lo u d *? 
Smoke dam age to taler tor 
17.666 m i $3695 458 6591 
• " " Y V t H t V V d U lT biU u r n — 

7 6 CHEVY 
TON pickup Reol d e o n ' Standard big 
6 cylinder Heavy duty package 
......................... 5388V 
H E M P H IL L MCCOMBS 
FORD SOUTHSIDE 
I9Q1 3 W M ilitary 422 6317 ii C M FvV ton picki,D 4 ry l , std , am Im tape, ca m p e r shell, 
$37o6 best arter 492 2134 
/T Ph P v V V, (qn~Y s t>e»d. si 
Coll 922 6441 
74 dhevy •* ton 4 wheel d rive . loaded 828 4355 arter 7 494 o3o3 
73 Chevy Van 14 ait alum inum 
7o in te rn a tio n a l 5 tan Van w ith lit! 923 1571 i i C h evy V a n , c a rp e te d , c u r lams, 4 captain s chairs, AM FM 
8-trock arter 6pm 341-o66/ 
49 C H E V Y VAN Custom p o in t in terio r $2766 533 2172 
H d k e v v 
■ V IT o u T o a ir . i< # l custom deluxe $23o6 
518 WEST AVE 
7J riie ve n n e IO 
73$ 6321 tires." 

921 6442 
75 C hevy 
1 ^ 4 , W 5 
Soso radio $2956, 435 892$ 
7 i I I h 
V y F e n d e rsrdo, l i p w i standard $15oo 661 4511 
Y IT H n fV y LU V , yy',*i i o.i ii it ion. ■ 
BISSO 144 2661 n r* v y1 T i 11 I pa ss ( k e v e n e n e super 16 A u la . pow er, AM FM radio, fully equipped $366o firm 
Coil 
I 62$M IS 
V i'th e v y Pick up 4 s u i. 
Ton la d io a ir. S ca ttsdoie w ith Goo seneck hook up I 39 3 4496 
T F f M g W W tk u V ' 
'ton aute air, power, runs great owner 
$34 6971 
T T ffie v v pickup ' W 
' l cyl std n ew tir e s 
A t c a n d 
51356 
65IV414 eft « *$6 661! 
T i Chevy p ic k u p 
IW B 
356 Vi 
Oulu disc brakes. S n.goth’ 51156 
Arter l l 713 6224 
T T f H I W 
^ic' kup. t i U 
, "A IB 
214 6291 rM T K !V Y kic k u p I w r T r ston 
Oard, 5239$ 653 1574 iS t n i v v p ic k u p 
M u n c e y l speed high p e rte rm o n ie engine,- { s h o rt w h o *) b a s e . a rr. m e a wheels m any x x ii os. m ust see lo appt e na te 5166o 933 3367, nights 
I 743 1641 
*14 th e w y P icku p E xcn a tio n a lly clean• W H 42) IIM 
T T T W IV V »,«kup I W I V I s r . 
$234* 6*1 157* 
Y I I h e V v i t t a M i i l pew ae int 
53296 Jim *41 4$ 11 

 t z t k : 
74 
CU 11 AEE 
S U P R ! M f 
I DOOR 
V e ry (le a n t i t 4355. 

* » 7 f il ll? 5 t J l r e m * T etTent re n d rn trd e a n d e e l* L *P k |« * 
Pi reg* Gaud 
Cum# le e ' 
53399 
F t t f i h i 
.. - ...... 
I 
I I f i r t i ” i 5 $ iw f ^ 't t lU k i l f h u rd le # I K M ex ert«» 494 |715 
M H P ( b ilk 
__________ _ 

 hee gist enard k oveT 
_ i h a u l V a ry aged tg n d ifig n ti he ans* t i t * WW trade Ut 3M3 

 fa tty e a u ip p e d 
I C im i f b . et i t i l I i *55 H H ewes 
91 St Bf"TBT9BITTO loa«7 e t 49 w e h aewer wm dwws etc 
Crurge h it w k ext am im *!# «•# igdhe B ed ly e v in y l tap O nly 
37,944 m i i tee hew s le e t b e lt i wdMU hr es BeuuRtu*'* sp ie d terr 
Red utter nm 735 4771 ewe* 

T i n 
"sp 
A f 
A M FM ste re o rape, CB, e xce l curia 14 444 mr 54354, 715 4133 
T I V e n fu rp 
I ip«J t lU E T a lC h ie * 
AM FUA. clean 
231 I t l l or 
IB A t i l l 

?43 MttCtUAKEOUS AMISS 

T R A D C W IN O S A u to S a l# * 
• B i f I R A N I B e 
3943 EW M IL IT A R Y 
92} t m 
•1 m l i n r n i L - a , ' ;5 r 
USEO CABS ANO TRUCKS 

K I N 
N 
! Y M O T O R S , 

 mwm COS I OMI/IU CARI SPEER 
KACiU: CANS 
’in u tile I W I f 

* 
H 
< k l um ed #g» t* 
<* P e ed. y a x t i bade e e ltg es ie seniles A ne* 4 em 333 45o9 

New tires, runs ond looks good 736 oV9* i l l ATi Y h u iik 's " *9 i *------- 
CASEY'S AUTO SALES 
1313 C O M M E B C IA L 
927 4442 
7} Datsun pickup flto O o> off*-' 
J trry 473 5443, 12o-1164________ 
7$ Datsun pickup, T O S T m i m int cond Moke offer 5 3o.644 o614 l f k l Dadpe Camper Special Long 
Wheel Base V -l, Auto tra n s o m 
Sion Low m ileage e x tra sharp 
One Of a kind $1295 454 4411 y r B B s a r ’ fTub' fa b " V o w n e T 
2v,OOO miles, m any extras, cover offer* trode*. $3466 423 $514 t i bodge M axi Van C u stom m d 
Appt *9* 9*66 ext 272. 653 6847 
•Pl Dodge a>< hup i i i V i s tg n j , 
Ort, IW D $1*9$ *44 ISIS 
H H B odge- pTcIT up lo n g W i d e 
C a m pe r 
L ik e new. one ow ner 
Many e xtra s! 42* 956$, 49$ 4656 c f b o d ^ T F 

'74 FORD LN 9oo, tw in screw. $34 engine $ ond 4 tran sm ission, 14' 
G allon dum p bed 2o,ooo o ctu o l m i 
$1o,5oo 
Canyon 
Lake 
1-935-2117 
41 F o rd p ic k u p 
N e w m o to r, paint Chrom e wheels M ust se ll' ; 
$1o5o firm 826 5647 Ort 5_______ 
‘71 Ford Pickup Short bed. SHOO 
444 S ill nights or 5undoy*______ i t tora p ic k u p , e v e r y th in g works, runs good, good tiros, 575o. 
344-7549. 
| 
52 FORO P ickuo E xce lle n t con dtfton 5466 494-7/32____________ 
•74 F o rd p ic k u p w ith c a m p e r 
Shew Auto., coll 458 544)_______ 
'73 F ord R anchero e x tra clean. ! 
A M F M ra d io , a il p o w e r, new rodio l tires 52445 453 4497 
, 
1975 F o rd R a n g e r, a ir. p o w e r s te e rin g , b ra k e s 4 speed, new tires, radio t-379-4414 (Seguin ) 
Attar I 
I 
*9 Ford Ronger V I stand g v tr- j d riv e , LW B, e x tra d e a n 
51534 cosh 474 5434__________________ 
54 FORD short bed, 352. no rust or dents $456 654 1294__________ 
1474 FORD Super Von V I. power steering, air good shape! 5345o 
14* 8678 arter 6 pm 
'74 Ford i ton pickup Auto . arr, aux fuel tanks, cam per cover, i 496 1544 ________ 
1973 FORO i TON 
P ic k u p SWH 
B lu e 4 c y lin d e r standard Radio 
$249$ 
TOM BENSON IMPORTS 
9466 SAN PEOBO_______ 141 1354 
71 FORO 
TON 
P ic k u p LW B W hite. V I, stan dord Radio 
....................... 5249$ 
TO M B E N S O N IM PO R TS 
9*66 SAN PEDRO_______ 141 I i i * 
I ti FORO ^ ten P icku p , ra d io , heater, arr. cam per 
225 4714, 
457-1992 
7$ f o r d *. Ton Ranger XLY v t. auto arr, low mr *3456 colt Jim 
AAT ISI I 

IN T E R N A T IO N A L 1972 6 STD 
3o,ooo A C T U A L M IL E S 
HAS 
B E E N IN S TO R A G E 
D R IV E S 
P E R F E C T ! 511o6 CASH 435 144) 
1473 Internatio nal I*oo sones with 
2o' d rive id ond lift gate. 458-7464 
68 m in i 5 ton A lum inum body. runs pood. *74 741/_____________ 
68 INT N L T R A V E LA LL , *125o 
________ Coll Jim , 66 1 451)_______ | 
53 Jeep New top, tire * ’$1356 or 
TIM E S VA N . | off#r 341 o472 o fte r 5____________ 
‘73 Jeep W oponeer, u u u d ra tra c 
4-wheel, deluxe, arr, power, radio. 
53395. 444 3o67__________________ 
Ii JEE P W agoneer 4 WO. 12,6oo m i 
A u to . a ir , p o w e r b ra k e s , steering Am im stereo radio, hi 
(O range 
345o6 
735-3641 or 
684 7526 
! ll J IM M Y 4 w h eel dr 
4oo V I, e v e ry o p tio n a v a ila b le 
16x15 w h ite le tte re d tire s , tra ile r in g s p e c ia l, a m Im w ith to p e , 
4speakers, sliding glass windows, m uch much m ore) 55o6 m i 3 mo 
Old. lis t $96o6 sell for $795o Or best offer 696 $533 
' l a r g e ASSORTMENT LATE 
M O D EL H E AV Y DUTY 
O IESEL TRUCK TRACTORS 

HOFFER TRUCK CO 
I 79o 3754 
IN T E R N A T IO N A L TRUCK 
SALES ANO SERVICE 
PO Box ATI Hortertsvllte.Tx 
M ECHANICS SPEC IAL 
•74 Ford 4 outo ........................$1175 
I 
*74 Ford Ty LWB 
.................. 51675 
74 Chevy V-6. alo. a ir . . . . 
5157$ 
■73 C h ew I ton looded --------$167$ 
I 
‘72 Chevy V I auto 
...............$127$ 
Mony MORE TO Choose FROM 
I I H New Laredo Hwy 934-4679 
Must sell, m oving* 4$ Ford SWS j V t stood Best offer 644-1414. 
NEW and USKO Bum pers Liprtt weight to heavy duty For oil sues of pickup trucks 924-45$I 2o2 New 
Lai etlo Hwy 

*72 K aw asaki $oo E xce lle n t run nine cond 5466 A fte r 5 924-9114 
1974 KAW ASAKI 9oo Good condi lion 624-4o34 ofter $ p m.________ 
75 K a w a s o k i KZ4oo top cond., e xtro * $7 
6 Coll 466 3344_______ 
74 K a w a sa ki 9oo, 7oo6 m i E X 
TRAS* 5)666 456-4646 B A FB 
Like new 1975 Yam aha SOOcc. 4 s tro ke , u n d e r 3oo m i. M o v in g , must SOH! 473-4992, 471-2*19 
MUST S E L L ! 175 CC P E N T O N 
494 I96o Ofter 3 pm 
S&N ANTONIO CYCLE SALES 
KAW ASAKI Sales. Service. Parts 
313 NAKO MA 
________494 5254 
'74 S uiuki OT33o Goad condition 
595o 433 5439___________________ 

Wanted fro n t end body p o rt* for 
197o Super Sport Cheveile. w ith cowl induction )47 4*o) 
W AN TED 
I Set C hevrolet Rodey wheals. 621-o212 
W recking Datsun B-21o E n fin * , std Iran*., left side. H atchback, windshield, re a r bum per. 734-7747 or 494-75oo. 
______ 

768 * AIRCRAFT services. 

ALAM O FLY E R S , INC 
• YOUR P IP E R D E A LE R 
>411 MISSION R D 
922-122o 
1957 CESSNA 182. TTA 3597, (OOO 
SMOH, 75 STOP on I c y lin d e rs , 
A 2oo N A V C O M , ATSo Ira n sponder, N ov. a n n u a l, 51o,5oo 
H a rlin g e n , Tx (512)423-5o41 or 
(513)544-2134 Ofter 5PM 
1974 Cherokee A rro w , ort co n d i­ tioned. dual NARCO NAV COM. 
T X P ; a u to c o n tr o l itiro o i 
4o5 241 4414, PM 4o5-751 ?o(,« 
SS C 172 TT 298o SOO SCMOH 
MX 12A, CB. now tiro s , an n u a l. 
54656 494-3724 
_______________ 

F R A N K B H A L L & C O . 
LARGEST 
A V IA T IO N 
INSURANCE 
B roker O ffers Most 
Com petitive Prices SI3-215-*tot 

'7* Ford Vs ion, short bed. looded arr PB, PS, off rood tire * wheels roil bar and m gni lights, m ust sell arter 5pm ond all day weekend. ta il 494 5144 

OWNER OPERATORS 
I a x le t r a c t o r * o n d t ip i bed tra ile r s to r s ta te w id e h a u lin g 
Plenty et fre ig h t backhauls Full settlem ent w eekly O lder tru c k s act opted 934 7371, 333 5494 

PERFORMANCE VANS 

Of AMERICA 
C u sto m a c c e s s o rie s to r V a ns, 
P itkups, m ini trucks, S V T 
From sm all in stallatio ns to com piete Van Conversions 
16/22 P E R R tN B E IT E L 654 644o 
‘74 RAM Chorger, 4 wheel drive. ell power I I Gal tank 25.6o6 m i 
499-6674 Arter $ pm 

I i FO R O *4 ten, 4 speed 
V I. i, 
$2666 COH Jim . 641 4511_________ 
•73 F O R D J« ton 4 speed. S25o6 ta n jim 64) 4$n 

R A N C H ER O 566 C o m p le te r wooded1 John, 533 /124 

7o S u iu k i SOOT, needs re p a irs,! 
$156 661 7761 otter 4pm_________ 
74 S u iu k i 1o$ w ith tra ile r and helmet $4o6 653 9669____________ 

J 6 7 TRIUMPH 7o4 6114. 
•71 TR IU M P H liOCC. S sad Irons 
Good condition $8oo A rter $ and weekends 342-3467 
1971 T rium ph 45o Clean, reaeon able $595 117 8919_____________ 
T riu m p h o r B o rle y D a v id s o n 
Choppers W ANTEO Good condi hon 534-8247 a n y tim e ___________ 
75 Yam aha DT4oo. v e ry clean ond tost S466 933-445$__________ 
'74 Yom aha 17$ Enduro, tra il or street, 547$ 498 17o4____________ 
197$ Yam aha 456 E xce lle n t con aition, by ow ner |o7$. 494 1766 
73 Yom aha 456. great condition. 
5756 COH 313-6371_______________ 
Y a m a h a IOO M X 
G ood cond . bum per b um pers. B e ll S tar hel- met 5566 491 1651 art * ________ t i Yom aho RO 4oo U nder w ar 
, ra n ty, 21o6 m i 5925 M ust sett* 
Golden. Boy*. *71 2o47__________ i 7 5 Yom RO 226 2ooB S535, 
75 
I Y am RD1S6. 5456, Y a m O T I, 
1*occ Top end 51o6, 
74 Honda 
CR ISOM. E lsin o re 55oo 456 o1o6 i pWdf I; p.m. 
ZI 9o6 1974 Touring bike $2,o66 
Can Debbie 342-1719 between I S; arter $ 
344 5297, M onday th ru 

75o • WANTED AUTOS, TRUCKS. 
[RAILERS. MOTORCYCLES 

71 BMW R 4o. 71 engine. 11.ooo mi F airing. Ig saddle bags M int cand $1*66 733 7376 arter 6 pm 

Buy Junk Cars Iran He 
B ored 917 111 1-613-3o4o 

CALL ME FIRST " 

I t l l Sky lane 
(OSO SMOH. dua l nov comm $11.',oo 413-166o. W 

TRAVEITOWN 

TEXAS, INC. 
SAN ANTONIO’S LARGEST 

TRAVEL TRAILER DEALER 

A ever IOO IM H id Stack 

AUTHORIZED SAUS KM; 
HOLIDAY 
(AMILL 8. 
NOWIK 
NOMAD. 
VLHTUd, 
ST AK (AL 
HOLIDAY DIAMOND iAM IO dl 
MIMI HOMS 

M O I R # * . 
651-6711 
Across (rpm How ard Johnson's 
V 'TH dark, Mon -In 
M p.m. tot. 1-5 Sundays 

We Take T ra d * ins 
Complete Service Dept 
STAHM ANN T R A ILE R SALES 
IN IO I M i North of Boerne 
RT 2 BOX 127 S A Phone 234 2424 
OPEN SUNDAY 12 5 P M ______ 
771 SHASTS 19' 
STAHM AN N T B A IL E R SALES 
IH Ii, I M i north at Boerne 
BT 2 BOX 127, S A Phone 224 2424 
OPEN SUNDAY 12-5 P M 
'71 27' Spartan trave! trad er, fully s e lf-c o n ta in e d , a ir . L ik e new . 
K W H » -za3__________ 
STARCRAFT 
MYERS TR A ILE R SALES 
114 K ingsbury 
SEQUIN. TX 

WHY NOT order a Now 
P IPE R ta your awn 
Specifications 
Frank 
Adams. 
456-6236 

8o1 CAMPERS TRAILERS 

'71 Apache Mesa pap up tra ile r 
Solid slot* with sla v* and ic * box 
Sleep* 911 $7o1 
197$ APAC HE T E N T C A M P E R 
CON: 434-64o9 

Lap llo f ii 6, good rubber, new paint, new in te rio r, leaks and runs pood 
B rian. 
344-1564. 
74 bodge Rom C hai a er ii "WRI drive aute , pawer. air. S i pkg law mites 4514443 
TI B 6 b g fn g n " iM c t u p I 'Wffc" * c y l a u te . w ith c a m p e r s h e ll. 
5U95. 464-5661 
D o D 6 £ 1 * ton standard M ust \ ~ i today! 
Writ finance. Colt Drek, 
111 1468 
7* Dodo# very geol 
41*6o11 i i baria* Von 4 cyl 
SHOO Cull 
111 9*49 
W b d 'b S H V S R 

 t i FORD H tan v4 
4-4PdOo *1495 Coli *6! *511 
~FORU 69 lW IN SCREW 
W ith D etroit 47) engine, l f speed transm ission 4i$ HOI s i) 6324 
64 F o rd Von, auto, 4 CVI. good tires, 569$ SII 3 4 5 $ ___________ t i FORD VAN E IOO. VO. auto air, star na, pow er 54956 St I IU45 
71 FO R O V A N 12 passenger au tom a tic, a ir, m ust see! Writ tin 
P rue Coll Woody, 413 1*4 4_____ 
49 FORD Van ton. 4 cylinder with lew extras. Coli arter ) 36, 
711-4214 
I ll ll X I 11 stet *o l l F e rd Van V I, auto bed. carpeted paneled 
$2266 *9* 7*65 
____ 

 ion vim m il tuned, cendrtien, 
*71-6753. 

 paneled 

 standard, on 
5ud"gt 

Ta«~TsS*S3 
51566 $1) 5o67 
V T 
V a n 
V I. p o w e r s te e rin g 
Van c u tle m tu n g k it, 
A m F M s te re o c a s s e tte , le w mites Arter 6 *84 4111 
" W lV t ilTTfflTgg T r i V I S IT 
PIC K U P TRUCK PARTS 
H I Laredo Hwy 924 ASSI. 924 4$I2 m t x e i f x m 
-------------- 

74 Ford AWD nolo power very 
Iraan 1^1 e ls* utter ; *9* o361 
*9 Ford Window Van 162, auto air c a rp a l, pan eled, b a lli ins 
Clean SUSQ 111 1364 
74 Fgrd XLY, F ISI, Supai cob 
■Ottrifd >4,746 *13 446j __________ 
14 UM I u t UR A loaded 
Clean, below bdbk 422 *442 
'73 GMC S ie rra 
V t au te , a ir, chert wide bed. chrom e wheels- bucket seats, duel pipes 
52754 
415-9774 
______________ t i GMC S ie rra 
IS I V I. '* tan 

*75 Ranger F ISO. art, power Very deon l i t *155 arter I 494 6363 
1 

ROOFERS 
Hot Pot. 26o gal kettle good cond 
5565 474-6634 
SAN AN I o n IO TRUCKS 
SALES A SERVICE 
GMC, D iom ond Red. Peter built m o ir a n 
___________ 641 a s h 
SC HOO L-Highway Diesel Buses 
2361 NOOALTt Q I________534 6711 
74 Scout T e rra P ickup 2 wheal drive loaded under l l o*6 m ite*. 
SCOOP or best utter 142-7691 
Sears best excercis* bicycle like new $45 
2o g irls b ic y c le 54, 
921 6*74 weekdays ewer S a m 
‘77 S ilverado p ic k u p 
Red fu lly loaded Like newt 56166 A rter I 
P m ti? 1 /M 
____________ 

WW i n A lf) 
T a in Mio C lassic 

52166 

Coit 
W T W 
P e rfect cand M ust sett' 
ISM below btu* boo* 

I ' IW C P M 
U t 
Iv 
5*56 m o m 
I t / Ga 
T T T E a TT X T 
.%*!*» 

/ I T uW a 
I a u f# Puwer 
IM 4353 after 
*' * 
I N AKU 

Mew et IH M S II l l 7* m e t i m u g w i k i tm a* feed t a eel ss k i w i 
(A st l l * ta o * 

7 3 El C a irn SS 
V A in, lei non i att bowet 
523*5 
JAMISON M trs Seguin 1)1 Slot 
T O F F f anm u T O R T T e T T te S ca n d 
M u s t sett im m e d ia te ly » 
I4Uo H I A lif, IH AMS 
▼I'W p ^ . r r r . 'mu’r E w i 1 p ». levi egad 
*4tee i l l M M 

 t i p i c g m ! n u 1 w"i es i i i as 
M 3*66 C H I N MSA A lle r lpm 

L886 Auto , disc b ra ke s puwer steering iu d ie an search ripht 
New cam per 
I new m ud tire s u r n . i i i I H I l l GMC I tea dual wheel pickup 
Still in W illia m * U M I ceti Jim 

:-SfMrLeewmmwwmmww t T g m T i ten pickup 
3 speed 
•te rn e -1 3943 *3* t i n 
_________ 

1974 SUBURBAN 
V I. eutem atic. a ir. pewer 
W hile Red 
34*95 
JAM ISON M trs Seguin i l l {IQI 
Take av ar paym ents en 74 Ford p ice up Cat! I l l >»98* ask tar Den dis arter I *56 431!____________ 
T h ip e l l 
Van tru c k s w ith lift gates On* J'> ten Neuse T ra ile r leter 
IIT $167, evenings 
ASA-t ile 
73 le v a n t PU aura . taw m r, es i yr ram i end ))/ 4349 ________ _ 
71 To vela' PU 
$148* 4*4 S*Tl tr yw I .36 tuw 5 I t pm 
TR AIL RN HOERS 
I t yds Per tact t (martian 

197? GMC V ANOURA 
V A N 
A u la e n c o n d itio n e r} 
H adm nmrtei Napi ii* e n 
3268) 
N 6M P M IL L IMCL O M E * 
FORO SOU TMSiDb 

- **» 
; 
- U t M>> 
197$ GML 4 w heel ( i i i * in e rt wheel bes* AM 9 M st*te e tope deck m u d t ir e * w h it# s e e k * rim s eve t ile 

T R U C K I IOU (DA T ION 
I i E K u n i.ne f id e l is lu e d e d 
IM M 
75 Chevy C uttem D e l uke 
I ran pickup $145o C o lk *r honk ratter et credit M n be m seected 
BT .li(i f > ie « d m f* I U 4 < 4 < __ 
V A N S B u y S e ll 
T r o t l e 
44)1 s t I U K E S 
9 1 ) 4111 
II VW * s p e e d e m tm s te re * te e * c le e k tb ie e p K e u ! 
31339 
124 547) 
M U 
_ __ _ 

W A N r t e 
' R e d ( e t t i l l l i d 
Iturn# 
WM* m a im aut tru e * 
* * * 8484 
. 
. . , 

Lee! titles ne problem 
TOP CASH for Junk C or* 
_____________» » * 4 i3 _____________ r 
Cash ter d e a n cars and tru cks 
L a rry Cannon Auto Sates 
56i6 Son Pedro_________ t i t 4335 
9)3-4432 
CASH FOR JUN K C A R I 

PAY lOP PRICES 
For w recked cars ond Trucks 
A t AUTO PARTS_______ 222 IOU 

•QUICK CASH* 
CARS ANO TRUCKS 
R U NN IN G OR NOT 
21* 2245 
S E LLIN G YOUR CAR? 
H i p ric e s p a id to r c le a n c a rs i Y r m k t, etc. MI-1241 
TOP D O LLA R ! 
JUNK CARS. TRUCKS. SCRAP 
CALL 
H I 51o1 
_____________ _ 

I USED CARS CUAN 

SMITH CHEVROLET 
UTI BROADW AY________221 *2*1 
WAN TI Lr ~ Datsun 246 I parts 
AHar 4 am H 2 46I4 
W AN TED 
84 71 Hiph or P e * top 
Van 721 985^ 
____________ 
Wanted'in buy, VW engine *9 78, 
1688 
17o6cc. m u tt be ope, univ 
*4*6415 rafvje rn e t say* le t J fn 
Wk P U Y USED CARS 
O RSINGER BU IC K CO 

T u r n s _______ U LL O : 

 m 
T i m i i r t s i c c i m i n t 

C E N T R A L TIR E CO. m .n . fL S H L r n t t t L - 
57 CMC VV N o m ad P a r ti 
I *4 t H r ir Hi t i i ^ 

ABtSTOC BAT Travet T ra ito r* 
Th* choice of th * q ua lity buyer 
R A H M BE R G RV CEN TE R 
2271 AU 5TIN HWY 
655 o251 

AVION 
T ravel T rotters M otor Homes 

IRAVEliR’S WORLD 
2*17 ROOSEVELT______ 522 *661 
By O w n e r, lik e new 1974 seft i Shasta tra ve l tro lle r, arr. r e in * , steeps 4 52o66 913 5244___________ 
By O w n e r; 
1971 l f 
T r a v e l 
Trailer. Seif Contained, Like New. 
! R e fr ig e ra to r 
S te v e . 
S in k , 
: C hem ical T oilet, S how er, M any 
Extras. Sleeps 4 5 P rice BIRRS 
I ‘I H M ? _____________ i i t Co be yer C o m p e r. sleeps 4, a ry clean $99$ jj t it ) , 
___ 
CLOER OUT SALE. 1*7* 
CAM PIN G TR A V E L TR A ILE R S 
I K C 
TR A ILE R S 
S I** 
Up 
; 716 WEST A V E _________ 735 3921 
> I t ' j C oachm an cam per 
E x tra c le a n 
C ost $4659 
S e ll 52756 
Sam tom 
*54 1 282 one r to m 
I i i f i i f i t i F o rd V on C a m p e r. 4 c y l. 
S lender*, $o6o m i 923 148*______ 
24 FT 
A V IO N T ra v e l T ra ile r 
Fully sett contained air. sleep* *■ tw in beds leeks exce lle n t M ust sell due ta illness 
5297$ firm 
2 
) 2 - 1 7 7 1 ______________ 
' G EM 17* 
STAHM ANN TR A ILE R SALES 
IN IO, I M i nor! et Boerne 
RT 2 ROX 127, 5 A Phene I i i H H 
OPEN SUND AY 12 5 P M 
HARPER MOTOR CO* 
CAMPE RL ANO 
SALES and SERVICE tor 
T E R R Y 
T A U R U S . T W IL IG H T 
BUNGALOW T ravel T ro tte r* and 
{Th Wheels 
24o1 S W M ilita ry *24 5514 
Hrs Man E rr * 4. Sun I IO A 
H E IM ER CAM PER SALES 
San Aniente s f delusive 
COACHMEN OE ALE R *24 SJM 
Tent T ra ile rs T ra v e l T ra ile rs , 
T ru c k 
C a m p e r* M in i 
M e te r 
Homes 5Th wheel T ra ile rs 
3329 S W M ilita ry W et Som erset 
It im peria l cob ever ca m p e r, V, 
4 racks, sleeps 4 turiy eauipped 
Used twice, Si,*54 69 5 9 345_____ 
•72 IN T R E P ID 22 tra ve l tra ile r 
H arper Motor Ce Camper land 
2481 S W M ilita ry 924 5514 
H ts Mon F 11 . I L IT S . J I S , 
It LA S A LLE trove r ti drier 
H arper Meter Ce Camper land 
2461 S W M illie r y 92* $514 
*73 L d 'Hobo 12 tra v e l tra ile r 
Hurpet Motor Cd Cam pal land 
7461 5 W M ilita ry 974 5514 
I* MONITOR loaded w ith exit as re a d y to ae 
T ra v e le rs W o rld 
S pirt* 44 2617 Roes*vet) 
__ _ 
7* NOMAD l l J Sett contained 
F u n b a th a w e in g a ir, U se d I times 734-87)3, 712 «>«9 
Open Read pickup com pel tu tti sell cen to inca w ith air 
ASI 8864 

•74 STARCRAFT 25' trave t tra ile r 
Harper M otor Ce C am periand 
24o1 5 W M ilita ry 924 5514___ 
1973 Stream line 33'. e xtra s Seri or trade in on house of greater value 
634 3351, 453 o1*2 arter 5 pm ____ 
Style C raft cam per, insulated and paneled w ith fu ll le n g th double door s, HSP 459 1643____________ 
•7$ TERRY 2$ tra ve l tra ile r 
H arper M otor Co Com pel land 
24o1 S W M ilita ry 924 $514 
H rs Til o.i F ri 9 6, Sun 
I _Jo_*__ 
{th W heel tro v e ! tra ile r 
$116o equity, refinance *49 2292______ 
'74 IO $ T ra ve l T ra ile r Setf-con tamed Sleeps 4 Arr Used ence 
6 6 f 353*_____________________ ___ 
Travel tra ile r, 36'. ra lly sell can tamed, oir, patio deers, steeds 4. many extras, like new A real buy s a c rific e Can be seen a t >474 
Austin Hwy 
197* tra ve l tra ile r, sleep* 4. rally contained, oir 54366. I i i 547$ l l tra ve l tra ile r 22 patio door 
H arper Motor Ce C am periand 
3461 5 W M ilita ry f34 5514 
Two T ra ve l T ra ile rs Both Com prateiv Seif Contained writ sell one 
Tok# your pick. One is 17‘9", l l ' »' 
I 549-1674 
_______________ 
(4) Used Pop Up T ra ile rs 
2o61 S W M ilita ry #24 $514 
H rs Mon F ri 9 t 
Sun 
I 36-6 
USED $Th Wheel tra v e l tra ile rs 
Harper Meter Ce C am periand 
7461 5 W M ilita ry 934 5514 
We BU Y A L L T yae s of T ro v e l 
T rollers Colt M E L 914 5514 
•7) W ig w a m l l ' , a ir, o w n in g , spare 536oo Writ trad e for la rg e r 
A irstream or H oliday 842 Cervine 
Or ive 
8x35 Spartan tra ve l tra ile r, dean, good shape 5225o 
574 N 
W W 
4 t-:ii Kd f r u i ce Trotter Pork 

8o2 MOTOR Homes sates mn 

A N IE X TR AVE L CENTER 
3862 N W Leap 41o 
726-1 U t 

BAR BOB 

D o m e d ** la it 
Buds ok it OuOaa Cere side, ether w isi 
, l l 36) e n g in e , tra n s m is s io n exhaust svstem ig m ptote S ill 
FSS *944 
_ 
76 F o rd e » | i x 
F r e e ! o d d w re c k e d M e te r lie n s seats deers ro a r end geed iedd«lre« bap rewed** err*# 111 t a t 

9r!I i 5 R*h 

PICKUP 
COVERS 
SI 88 i m AMERI* HOV 
_ _953JUS 
RA HM BE R G BV C B N I C 8 t a llu sive dearer tar 
V E N TU R E Tent (e m e e r be Starer eft 
L ittle Castra On Wheels n u a u s t in HW T 
... m i n * 
167} BR O D A L * 17 I set* cee rained Am 
) e s t reft t * . 3 herd ne tanks sleeps 6- tack* hitch, 
‘8 < d er to g g e d * re e k 
P e rfe c t 

 t i ira A l l A t i ta tty c e il cen 
B a t A 
.iii ( i m 
M 
A l l 

M O T O R H O M E S 
E xclusive Franchised Dealer for 
XPL ORE R. I ft A VE LOUE E N 
KINGS HIGHW AY KEYSTO NE 
$426 SO PADR E IS LA N D OR SI 
(O N PUS CH RISTI. Tx 
78413 

Bv O w n e r, 1974 A p o llo m e te r home. 16 center beth excellent cond C o it 327,666 sale p ric e 
II I $66 Reason to r se llin g our chasm# ie77 Apollo l l ' t 62$ $$43 
Office I *3$ 9*19 9 ta 4pm $ da ys 
1972, 2$ Coachmen m eter hem * 
A ir pewer plant New fires Lew mites Clean 66* 6421 934 6334 _ 

CMC Motor Home Rental 
(tarty ond W eekly Rates 
RISQUE 
Ski 7113 
GMC MOTOR H O M E * 
FOR RENT 
349-6 / 72 
$49 SJI I- 734 9169 
Luxu ry M eter Menses Rent Low 
■ eras *54 I CCI *56 7119 
71 M in i M ete r H em e le t! cen lamed generator fro n t ana reel a ir, new tire s 
Sleep* * a d u lt* l l 86om. 
57**5 
I *25 2552 a lte r i, M er weekends 
I i Mebriv T ra v e le r M in i M otor 
Heme I t r , reef arr stereo 
3*6 
Dodge 
3 952 m ites 
Best offer a t.M 
L - 
_________ 
MOTON HOME LEASE CLUB 
L im ite d M e m b e rs h ip eg to 5 weeks es* per ye a r 
51)5 p e r week l l 
L u ku ry Meter Heme. rn m i___________ ____________ 
MOTOR tiO M E HE NT AL $ 
Putty com contained 
Betas bv day et need *5) *16# 
Meter beme Hereto! 
Steeps * SIA# eraafc PRM tit, trad* *55 j i l l ___ 
) • O PEN HO AD M eter H u m * raw mr new tu e s e e tre ara*. Best a t e m 6” J 
__ 
O PEN ROAD M eter Hume w ith i >e* Ferd i tan chassis Geed cen drtien new tire s SCCUX 111 8616 h em >>»w 
NAHM 6E KG RY C l N ' E R ~ 
I i r i v u ' i Beater ta 
Cfcgmam* 
T ita n L ife tim e M e te r Mem es 
Min, M etal Hem et 
U / i AUSTIN MWV 
SJI #431 

8 E 
Son Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 
2 1977 

T s - lt f llT I g H 4 ~ 6 l « i i M i l l s 
" 
' " H 
I M 
■ B M 1 8 .W B T H R S ~ 
I m 
H O T S .MOTORS 

D A Y S A IL E R , tra ile r, cover, m ain 
7 4 Fun-M aster is ' 5ohp M e rc u ry p V n flM / h a FRIS Real Trailer a n d jib , p re s e r v e rs , e x c e lle n t 
G aiv, 
T railer, 
*4oo 
E quity. 
- 
* - condition *8*o A S H 128._________ 
4581589.___________________ _ _ _ 
21' G la sp a r-C a b in , tie e o t 2, H S tip, d e p tti f in d e r , p o rt, b e a d , trailer,3328o, 454-3837 ofter 8 
75 G la s tro n in b o a rd - o u tb o a rd boat with tk l accessories. UOhp 
V olvo engine. 498-3333.__________ 

1974 G L A S T R O N T-154 B o w rio er p lu s g a lv. t ra ile r , p lu s e x tra s ! 
*345o 68835(7___________________ 
‘ 49 G la s tr o n 14’ t r lh u ll, lO h p 
Johnson, tro ller. S1475 227-2771 
’74 Hotole Cot 14ft. with tro ller, like new. *14oo. 454-29o3 

•■h a . p T T S u a n titv o ' 4oo suitable 1 to r re s ta u ra n t use. 11)1 B a sse | 
Rd., 733-7347, 734-3o81._________ 
Com plete p rou ps of office furni- ture. C a ll 8-4, 225-5744___________ 
E le c tric fte m in q io n type w rite r7 le e a l size, *275. M a n u a l U n d e r­ wood, lefter size, SM. 732-8327. 
Pe r A l l H I W pod P lg g T n E K m 
Equipm ent and Supplies. See 
Levinson R estaurant Supply Co. 
19oo San Pedro__________733-8931 
F o r S o le . 5oo1b S co ttsm a n Ice 
M a c h in e S m o ll C u b e r, S M ead 
Pest M ix D rin k System , Cafe Ta­ bles. C all 732-52o3 9-5 w eekdays, or W rite : B. P r a z le r G e n e ra l 
D e livery Con Con Tx, 78838. 
F 6 ft S A L E 'W t i t A D E "' 4 d-r- re a c h in , v e g e ta b le b o x , so d a w a te r an d b e e r c o o le r , m e a t counter, scale and slice r, m any o th e r g ro c e ry ite m s , b a r and lounge equipm ent. W ill trade for boat and t r a ile r or la te m odel p ic k u p . C a sh t a lk s 11 E co n o m y 
M a r t, 17o35 O ld P e a r s a ll R d, 
Atascosa, Texas. 422-9292. 
F O R S A L E : sm all size com m er elal type ice m o ke r (P rig ld a ire ). 
One chest type com m e rcial Coke box. Both good co n d itio n . C a ll 
512-994-3421 or 512-994-34o2. 
F ro n i-e n d Lo a d e r. 4 C Y . T erex 
72-51, S N 4149, good con d ition , 
713-493-44oo. Located In Houston, 
Texos. 
3o lf F a b te x m o b ile p la tfo rm . 
735-9137, 8:3o till 5:3o____________ f f jy r T ^ T ^ o P e r T p o Y t o b iT T K gallon tattle. Good condition. 5585. 
474-oo34_________________________ 
3- IB M E le c t r ic ty p e w rite r" * . 
M odel D, *35o-5425 222-1445 
IC E M A k E R , Ice cream m achine, m ixer, oven, re frig e rato r, ch airs and tables. 733-1292 

A m e rica n Sportsm an Club m em ­ bersh ip. U n lim ite d hunting, fish ­ ing, fo m lly sports. $425. S ell for 
**oo. 894-o855 Eves._________ ____ 

H I L L C O U N T R Y 

D E E R H U N T I N G 
*275 P E R B U C K 
T B T R A N C H 
^5121347-3o4*. 4-8PM 

L A S T W E E K E N D ! 
C h ry sle r G reat G iveaw ayt *1oo In 
F re e A cce ssorie s with P u rch ase of New C h ry sle r O utboard T h ru 
M arch 15th. 
C ru ise 21' S k ip p e r C u tty C a b in . 
Patty, 
12o 
C h ry sle r, 
C oly. 
T ra ile r...................................... S557o 
18’ C h r y s le r S p o rt C ro w n , 1o5 
C h rysle r G alv. T ro lle r 
*5o99 
C h rysle r 14' Fu nster 9o C h rysler, 
G alv. T ra ile r, Loaded 
*4*23 
Saturday and Sunday MI lorn. 

F ro U t w heel d rive . O lds Toronado engine, 44,ooo m l. A ll a lu m in u m c o n s tru c tio n . O n e o f th e fin e s t m otor hom es built. *17,8oo o r re a ­ so n a b le o ffe r. W ill be sold th is m onth. 492-243o. 

PKh SOV* Hundreds: of Dolio»$ 
<* 
HANDO! N A tINC 
*76 Motto! OONK** 

 eA N O O t^ N A sS ao^!!, morn lohnion oulboorch than anyone the in lite Son Anfomo OTOO 
SANDO! MASINI it the only 
JoHnwsn oothoOrd Dealer that It 
AAA rated rn 
Seance rn th* 
Southwest* 
AAA SSS VICI and 
*1 In Salat 
Taw Can't Soot th# Batt! 
So pel lh* bet! deal you con then chao SANDO! MASINI and toy* on boot*, molar* and Ironer' 
Wa S t r and Soh U tad 

So, Don't Genable 
SHOP SANDO! 
You’vo Tried the Batt 
Now Try tho BIST!!! 

2931 Roosevelt, 924 85*4 
74 E b b tid e h ig h p e rfo rm a n c e b a ts b o at, c o m p le te ly le a d e d , 
*438o. Ofter 2 . 475-2891 
14’ E lg in Boat Deep V H ull, 75hp 
E lg in M otor, T ilt T ra ile r W ith 2 sets of skis, Life Jackets, 2, 5 gal tanks, S1ooo. 484-1124. 
59 F I B E R F L I T E F lb S rg lO S S 
Boat. 45 hp M s rc u ry ou tb oard , good fam ily boat, V-hull Deepstd- ed. Needs h rs and tune-up. *5oo. 
458-8933.________________________ 
17’ F ib e rg la ss Ski B oat Been In 
Storg. 3 yrs. needs m e ch a n ica l repair Hi B ld get* It. 473-8831. 
14ft. O e ck B o a t, M e re . 85hp 74 m odel w ith fu ll w a rra n ty . N ew 
Laroe wheel tro lle r...*3975. 
T E X A L L B O A T, 222-9428 
1974 18ft. 
F u n M a s te r , 85hp 
M e r c u r y , t r a ile r 
T a k e o v e r paym ents. Na equity. 923-1115. lSVjft. ‘71 H tggsCrqff, 1972, 4ohp 
Johnson, D illy tilt tra ile r in per feet cond.$175o. Steve 481-1431 
(w kdaysl or 484-4oo4 (Sunday* 
O N L Y !)_________ _______________ 
18ft. O u a c h ita a lu m in u m boat, never used, m ake great a ir boat, 
*595 Com plete with used trailer. 
733-9452.________________________ 

 n u t flti try 
I? * * - 
T i’*xl4' rough fen!Ill 1 R e f sdj. .. I M F - 
4x> S / M im* ■ PWT _ 
M l d M l f t M . . J8 .W BB 
C e c T .lm g ..:.. I W S * * 
12% go. 2 pf. k d * w t r e . . . . - $» *-« ’ " J 
I ? « * . mas! «rto . P J M 
1 4 ',4 * . (Mel fate §32 *5 
14* gal*. steal fo te.$ * 7 ,tS 
AU TOP 
QUAUTY STOCK 
ON! STOP O RTH 
C A S LUMBER 
COMPANY . 
4647 ROOSEVELT 

(SU) 924-ISM 

M ISSIO N T R A V E L C E N T E R 
13o4 A ustin H w y. 824-5288 
‘72 S H A S T A M H H M ate r Hem e 
S T A H M A N N T R A I L E R S A L E S 
IN IO, 3 M i. north pf B o e r; 
R T 2 B O X 127, S.A. Phone 224-2424 
O P E N S U N O A Y 12-5 P.M . 
1974 S u p e rio r m o to r hom o, 25', 
23,oo4 m i. loaded w ith e v e ry op 
Men, lik e now condition. 453-8o97. 
1973 T I T A N 2 7 'L o x o r y M o t o r hom o. 413 D od g e m o to r, o n a n 
4 SOOK w a u x illa r y p o w e r u n it. 
C a rp e te d , a ir co n d itio n e d . F u ll b a th a n d s h o w e r, la r g e re frig e ra to r- fre e z e r, s le e p s 8, 
H a t v e ry low m ile a g e . 311,8o8 firm price. C a ll 1-557-5774, Sequin, 
Tx. 
W an t To B u y M oto r H om e A ny 
M ake 
Any 
M odel. 
458-7441, 
454-7119_______________ 

Lake M c Queeney_______ 
L E T S G O O F F S H O R E ! 
New C ru ise 2o' Cutty Cobin, IM 
OM C, G alv. T ra ile r................ 54*87 
N ew C ru ise 21' F u ll C a b in , 175 
OM C, D ual G alv T ro lle r, .. $7844 
New C ruise 21' Vee B aw rid er 17$ hp, E vin rude, G alv. T ro lle r, 5M75 
N ew C ru is e l f F u ll C a b in , 9o 
Chrysler, G alv. T ro lle r .. .. 15453 
Open Saturday and Sunday till 
4pm 

“ DOUBLE WIDE! 
BARGAIN!” 

IOSP **. ft. 24x88 3-ldrm., 2 badi, Howe type shingle roof, house type siding. 

* 1 4 , 4 o o * 

AMERICAN MOBILE 

I A MODULAR HOMES 

[3oo4 S.W. Military Dr. 

 mdudsd. OBEE O fllttlY 4 others w/out cabin. Ours net sky­ high: H B l-U M e n iy $12,97° in­ cludes marina stem * until s n at Canyon Lake, rn ar out of water, im totes HD gob trtriir. 
M M B , (fepth/fm finder (feet 4 fathoms) standup 
SHOWHt, galley, KST john, 351V4 Ford ORC 
(EVMRUM-Johnson) 
Compote w/Hy-by-night mfgrs over $2o,ooo. 
★ Soy T I A U Q M A ST B K rn/ 
ORC, Merfruisot, or outboards. 
★ Over IT years in V* handled 
•K H U R I 4 lA J S m - Only $3443 for 1977 EVBWJOf 75 hp on 
MAMOU YUP hhorgtos 
SAH, sonsldo aloin hasshoat, 3 sehvel soots, HO traiior, safety pkg. Or 
$3193 w/55 hp, $2443 35 >p w/ahgmatoretc 
. 
’ » 
★ Used $445 $S99ft BANK rates 
OWNH 
MHC 
SS 
Tip 
14’ 
STARCtAFT, walk through, gob. trailer $1595 
BARBERA SPORTS 
323 Broadway et 4lh FMC FIFE 
5o manna yours in S A 227-2112 
9-4 p. rn. Than W it 9 p m 

D IS P L A Y at S T O N E M A R IN E 
724o B andora Road 
Dealor: Jewett Services. 342-8778 

Frow BaMwomt A o88 eg. 
M 
U 
P M 
O i i M 
I O 

B U E M I : 1*75 KM G 9N 6ToN 
M 
W 
, 
2-btdmoim, 
I -bete. 
FuNy furnished Central heat and appliances included f KF DIUVHY 
AMD SET UP 
RI CKI LAR PRICE: AB SOO i A U 
P R M b l M 
M 

F A Out el twwwere aas ex peases and anats pond wHfc purchase af mobile bemail 
AMERICAN MOWIE 
A MODULAR HOMES 
273o SoUTHWBT KHUT AEY 
922-7191 
922-o441 
HOPEN 7 DAYS WEEKII 

________Lake M c Queeney_______ 
O M E G A 14 Sailboat and T ra ile r 
F o r Sale Alm ost New E x ce lle n t 
Condition. Cost S12So. 533-9484, 
534-1195. 
____________ 
•74 O U A C H IT A alum inum a ir boot 
18’ w ith ’ 75 h o m e m ad e tra iio r , 
81395. 534-29o8._______________ __ 
197* P O W E R C A T l f 
C e n te r c o n s o le b o a t. 2oo b p . 
Johnson. Stainless prop. S ailfish outriggers, rod hoidor, com pass, top. L o ts m a re e x tra s . O n ly in w ater 4 tim es. 732-4751__________ 
R A C E SKI B O A T l l ’ Stevens, W tra ile r, 4oo hp V- drtve, 7Splus mph. E x tra dean , 
433-2443.________________________ 
R a n g e r 23' S a ilb o a t, e a u ip e d , roco-cruse, reduced o24-3393 
^ 

Lake M cQueeney, 512-557 *422 
Open E ve ry d a y except M onday 
H .P . B o s s B o a t 135 J o h n s o n 
Ready to F ish *9* 8533 att * 
I I ' 21o ho T h u n d e rb ird , C u tty 
Cabin with new C B and Tandem 
T ra ile r oft 5 w eekdays, aft I sot and sun 342 *939.________________ 
772 IN V A D E R Jet Boat, l f 
S T A H M A N N T R A IL E R S A L E S 
• MIO, 3 m l North of Boerne 
R T 2 B O X 
127, S. 
A. Phone 
224-2424 
O P E N S U N O A Y 12-5 P.M . 

Sate* A Service 
I 2 o 7 W . H ild e b ra n d 
7 3 2 -8 2 3 3 

BOB - BOATS. W8TBBS 

C A T A M A R A N S A IL B O A T 
Good cand. 523o. 824-275o 
24' C h a m p ia n M o to r H om o. '49 
P a r d tru c k c h a s s is . E x c e lle n t cand. F e lly con tain ed. 24,ooo m l. 
Steeps 4. 54,7oo. 922-9243_________ 
25' C h rist C ra ft C ru is e r 3 y rs old stoops 4, g a lle y , head. 13o h rs, engine tim e e xcellen t condition. fully equipped, 51o*oo 342-2722 ar m -1393 ______________ 

DITTMAR LUMBER 
5oo SEGUIN • 226-3141 

Genuine Strong lam Comm. Iren length! lo TO 
$*4*5 «). 
1x12 lough ceder lumber...................... 558 lin. ft. toilraadtios........... $4.95 #o. 
Asbestos Siding.........52* *5!*. 
Oak Whiskey burrah ..$18.95 eg. 
24o lh. S/D rfg., colon $ 18*5 iq. lS lb felt,4-ig. ro ll.. $ 7 .1 * re! 

Insulation 3V)".........S V t i JR. H- 
Insulation 4 ".............. I** **• F. 
THE MONEY SAVER 
MosterOwras lank American! 
1 Where Cowl luy* of Wholesale 

Size, D elivery- Term s, 923-4344. 
TS Avm fps r Je t, 45* otds, P a n '* cu stom trotter, *7 m ph, 9499* jg»5g47_________________ __ 
1994 B A SS B O A T , H ' gtass, fully equipped; TO H P E vtn ru d e ; poly 
( r a ile r; trow m o to r is** b a low coat. 341-439* 

 lS ’/jft. T r lh u ll B a s s B o a t, 1973 
SShp C h ry sle r, foot con tro l tro ll m otor, so n ar d e p th fin d e r, g alv. t r a ile r . 
I m m a c u la te . 
D a y s 
533-5541; atter 4pm or w eekends, 
533-o59o.____________ 

'74 Larson, 17' 135 E vln ru d e, trim , till, all access 45o-3734__________ 
HIN Country M obile Hom e site, IS m in. N orth on Son P ed ro . O nly 
SHOO, HOO d a w n . *21.44 p e r m onth., at I % fo r 144 m onths. 
T h is one w o n t la s t lo n g . C a ll to d a y I 494-3419, 342-1oo1 - L A 
K E C R O P T R E A L E S T A T E 
A m erican M obile A M odu lar 
H O M E S IN SAN AN T O N IO , Inc 
922-7191__________________ 922-o441 
A H ra c tiv e 2-1%, 14' w ide C a sa 
Lom a and large oak studded lot. 
UTSA- U S A A area 4o4-2o73. 
2 B e d ro o m s , 1% b a th s , 12x45 
H A L L M A R K , 21’ H y in g ro o m , 
*4ooo. 453-2oo3. 
______________ 
2 B E D R O O M U nfurnished, $4995 
R E D R IV E R M obile Hom es 
_____________ 453-9751____________ 
B e ryl's M obile Hom e Center 
N E W and USED-4S1-4941 
14513 IH-35 N O R T H (Seim o E x it) 
'7o Brookw ood 12'x44\ I ow ner, c e n t r a l h o o t- a ir , s k ir t in g . 2 bdrm *. I bath *45oo o94-134o 

Specializing in Business and Professional Equipm ent 
Save Tax-Conserve C apital 

R O C K B O T T O M P R I C E S en in ­ vaders and D eckB oats, Johnson and M ercu ry* . Service and sto r­ age at the Lake. R A Y S M A R IN E . 
C a n y o n L a k e , H w y 2473 n e a r 
StortzviHe. 1-o99 211o____________ 
Sailboat Colum bia 23, A B eautiful 
Boat, P u llv E q u ip p e d In clu din g 
New M uter. *45oo 4S3-3o43. 
Sailboat G u lf Coast 2o' with tra ile r pud SHP Seoaull. *275o. 4So-o375. 
Sailboats - Canoes, large selection 
N E W Sailboat Shop. Austin 
4o4 H ighland MOH Blvd. 454-7171 
‘44 IS SE A K IN G . 5oHP m otor, doep-v. tilt tra ile r, HOOP. 923-1ooo 

“ DOUBLE WIDE 
BARGAIN!” 
1 1 3 2 s a ft. 2 4 x 5 2 , 3- 
Bdrm ., 
2 both. 
H ouse type shingle roof, house 

 type siding 
* 1 6 , 9 5 o ! 

Delivered A Set-up FVfE within 2oo mites. 
AMERICAN MOBILE 
MODULAR HOMES 
3oo4 S.W. Military Dr. 
9 2 2 - 1 8 o o 

3 M Copym ite. perfect condition. 
Sm all am ount of supplies, *99.5o 
1131 B o w e Rd., 733 7347. 734 3oo1. 
3M m ic ro fic h e r e a d e r-p rln te r, o v e rh e a d p ro te c to rs , tra n s p a r ­ e n c y c a r tr id g e p ro le c to r and copy m achine. Sony vldeocorder. 
IB M dictating m achines. Concord ta p e c a s s e tte s and r e c o rd e rs . 
Desks. 342 W. W oodlawn at San 
P edro.___________________________ 
N C R 
Yolo! w ith ta x a b le Total 
Cash Register. 534-349o. 
E g A d it iN g 6 g lE ft .- S 8 * * : d o te m achine, 525o. Coin A ir H ockey table *95. C o m m ercial d rye r, *959 
Coll 224-4441 or com e by 2942 E. 
Houston 
E e s ia u r a n t and k itc h e n e q u ip m e n t: v e n t a -h o o d . c h a r c o a l broiler, g rill, steam table, booths, c ash r e g is t e r ic e ch e st. A nsu ! 
S p rin k le r system , b u ilt-in even, cheap. 454-oo25 
Sham poo back b a r, 3 sham poo bowls, 3 p ro .h alr d ry e rs, 3 work stations, 
2 h yd rau lic ch a irs 
45o 1o55__________________________ 
Sm oll N C R 4 Yotol Cash R egister 
534-349o. _______________________ t y p e w r it e r , S C M o f f ic e ty p e m odel 4oo *124.5o. 1131 Basse Rd. 
733-7347, 734-3o81_________________ 

WHITY iliM S 

 y Bt fig BKR 
CLASSIFIED (RAUS 

"D ependable Since 193*" 
C all or see us tor delivered p rice s 
(W ith in to m i. o f S A .) on 
P R E F A B roof tru sses, e x te rio r w all sections, in te rio r p a rtitio n s, o r c o m p le te h o u se S H E L L on your plans or ours. 
W H O L E S A L E - R E T A IL 
4o7 N Z arzam o ra, 432-7881 

E l D orado. 51o2 fttsnda. D iv in e divan, stereo, cam ero. tools, on- ttques, toys, m isc. Sat., M a r 12 
E lk o *1o sirin g and piano lynthfr s iz e r , t o t a lly p o ly p h o n ic k e y b o a rd , 4 c h a n n e l o u tp u ts, strin g s, ce llo s, c la v ic h o rd , and p ian o 4 m o old. Steve 224-4112 days 494-8239 att 4. 
E S T A T E 
$ A L E : 
F u r n it u r e , clee.range, hosehold goods, tools. 
12' fa rm g a te , c a r , 
M IS C . 
9:3oam -5:oopm . Sat-Sun O N L Y ! 
12922 M oN sberger Lane 
4 f a m ilie s 1 1 - ll M a rc h , l i f l t 
T h e b e s, U n iv e r s a l C ity , c a rs , color TV, stereo, furnitu re, m ony others. i Com ity 6 a ra g e Sole Yhurs-4al. 
S IU St. Leon ard (F o re st H ills) 
Fu rn itu re and Spanish decorative item s; clothes, m isc item s. F ri.- 
Sol 4822 Casa Oro 
C orone Sale: Sat - Sun. I fam ilies, good furniture, clothes, toys, good wigs, curtain s, m isc. 837 Ritttm an 
Rd. 
G a ra ge Sale 42o4 K in g C re sf oft 
Coliseum . G em bfer Thurs-Sat 
G a ra ge Sale, SIO) R ound fa b le . 
S at. o n ly M a r . 12, 9-3, s o fa s , c h a ir s , t a b le s , b ik e s , b o o k s , men s, w om en's clothing. 
C o ra g e Sale, M a r. 1o 11-1#. P o l la w a v b e d , tw in m a ttre s s - s p r in g s , p la n ts . M a n y , m a n y other items. 1529 Nacogdoches 
R d 
______________________ 
C orag e Sale: M a rch IO 13 Baby things, m isc. 9-spm. A lso M a rch 
19 2o. 2431 W. W oodlawn. 
G A R A G r T A L E ~-712'3 f h r u s S view Apl. 32. Oft E isenh au ser lust past H a rry W u rzbach Sat- Sun. 
M a r . 12-13. C o u c h (b e d ) a n d rocker, *1oo. V e lve t couch, SISO 
New 1o-speed Schw inn bike *1*o. 
Elec. typew riter, *125. 
G A R A G E S A L E Stove,' re!ria*7- a tor, good con d ition . F u rn itu re and lots of G O O D S T U F F ! F rt- 
Sat O N L Y 95o2 LoR ue 
G A flA d fe S A L I M en and boys clothing, pool table 7ft, odds ond 
; ends, 2124 Ruiz. 
G a ra g e Sole 
S a l t o n clothing, books, b argains galore S831 Dan 
D uryea 484-1494 
G A R A O E T a L E 
B a b y Ite m s. 
Clothes M isc. 7415 M eadow C lift 
*84-4473. SAT A N O SU N O N L Y 11 
G A R A S E I A L s " M i W illo w Tn 
C o n v e rs e 
A L L D A Y S u n d a y . 
C lo th e s, g a rd e n ta e ls, e le c tr ic range-avocodo green, 459-1*48. 
6 A I A 6 I I A H . M and W 
W 
W e sth ill off B a b c o c k , 7)5-8124. 
F u rn itu r e , c lo th e s , h o u se h o ld item s, applian ces, funk a n d lunk j and im ports. 
G A R A G E S A L E 
G ro ss fittin g * a c o u s t ic a l c e illn g - o lu m ln u m h a n g in g s tr ip , c lo th in g , p a n e l J h e a te r, a ir c o n d itio n e r, d is h -1 w a s h e r, w o s h e r - d r y e r . h e a d - 1 boards, m attresses, piaster paris, J desk, la m p s, gam es, ho u seh old I m is c e lla n e o u s , 111 F a n t a s ia , ! 
Harm ony H ills 
I 
( i Z T T B T T Z T r 'G oin g To""3 er" J m a n y . 341o C ro s s e tte 9:o8am ,H 
12-13 M arch 
, 
H f 5 ~iT A g -E~T A t t M S 
S F o m iiV y 
Sale Saturday O N L Y I. 1322 RIOfl 
L I N D A __________________________ I 
M o n te 
V is t a 
G a r a g e i o l e J som ething tor everyone. Old bro p la c e m a n tle , lib r a r y d o e rs , chandelier, d rye r, clothes (ladies, m ens, ch ild re n s ond m atern ity), curtains, toy* and m ore F r i -Sat 
IO am to 3 pm Cash O nly. 1o2 E. 
Hollywood 
N o rth w e s t, 
IA i u e S o p h ie books, turn . X m o s d e co ra tio n s tre e , g a rd e n te a ls , f ir e p la c e sc re e n , la m p s , flo o r p o lis h e r. dishes, baby things, w asher. 
T h urs-Sat 
Steve. Dishes. Htgti Cha r , M en % 
Clothes, E K 7423 M eodow Breeze 
Super R u m m age Sol#: given by 
W o m en W o rk e r to r C h r is t ia n 
E d u c a tio n . S a tu rd a y , M a r 12, corner of Canion New B rau nfels I 
NI 2 i i ) P I R ' f c U U h A f c c T A r t T 7 i and Sal O nly Sa rn-4o m E v e ry th lag M ust Go h u n M om t o y s , b o o k s , fu r n it u r e , lo o ts, 
Clothing X iii henw oi o. lOam-Spm 
M a r lf . Sat. 21o2 F t O onelsen 
(Adorn* H ill OH M o rh o th )_______ 

44 C H U R C H P E W S , 2o ft. tong, made of b irch wood, not padded but w ith podded k n e e le rs. C a ll 
512-o24-o139, San Antonio._______ 
C larinet, Evette ond Schaeffer, bv 
B u tte r N ew P o d s, E x c e lle n t in- 
Strumewt 525o. 344-4922. 
C effecto r worsts G erm an M ilita ry item s, W W l and W W D in clu d in g 
Regim ental Beer steins. 4SS-3o41. 
C olored TV, 19“ p o rta b le . 5125. 
Block and white portable. 545. 
733-o742_________________________ 

A C O N T R A C T O R C L O S IN G O U T la d d e r* , toots, coon to rt, shelves, p a in t and roofin g, w indow tans. 
O pen M o rc h IS e n d 1*. 1927 w 
Com m erce. 734-4427.____________ 
A ir c o m p re s s o r De V ilb is s 5o1 with hose and m a sk used twice. 
84o.454-42o8 
________________ 
A ir C a n d . 24,ooo B T U 51oo 
W asher and P ry e r 82oo 533-5354 
AIR C O N D IT IO N E R S 
HO T O A T S C O M IN G !I F rie d ric h window AC 22o outlet, o2oo B T U . 
A-1 cond!hon. SIBS. 734-4142. 

B u y th is m o rn in g , m o ve y o u r m obile en this afternoon. L a rg e 
H ill C o u n tr y s ite , IS m in . N . 
P a y m e n ts le ss than re n tin g In p a rk . L A K E C R O F T R E A L E S ­ 
T A T E . 494-3419 ar 142-1ooo. 

SIX S U P E R SHIPS 
'73 E xtra Sharp Invader 14', IQS 
Chrysler, G alv. T ra ile r. ,. $3195. 
Im m a c u la te IS ' S e a R a y , 9o 
Johnson, T ra ile r ..................$1495 
C lean IS' T h u n d e rb ird , (5 Jo h n ­ son, T ra ile r ...........................$2o95 
New C ru ise 19' Deep Vee, 75Hp 
Johnson, G alv. T ra ile r .. .. $355o 
'73 14’ Jo lly R o g er Low P ro file , 
IOO Johnson, T ro lle r 44MPH52995 
*73 IS’ A rro w G lass, 45 M e rc u ry 
G alv. T ro lle r .........................|2*J* 

‘7$ Cham pion, double wide, 3 be­ droom s, I both, cen tral heat-olr, torn Good condition, 454-1o97. 
H icks 1ox55, 2 bedroom , 1% bath, furnished, appliances, a ir, 54ooo, 
>49-2832. 
_________________ 

‘ TS 14x45 2 b e d ro o m , I b a th , central heat, air, deluxe 4o’ patio cover, tied down, underpinnings, 
1ox1o storeroom , 
342-2234, 
484-7145.________________________ 
12x44 3 bedroom , turn. *5995. 
________ 435-o471; 451-4354 

Color TV Console. E xc. Cond 5125 
534-8935.________________________ 
Good Lum ber-G ood Lengths 
8 ..................................... 19c L F 
4 .................................. 19’ ic L F 
8 ..................................... 24c L F 
A ir conditioners: used, com plete 
Iv re co n d itio n ed A C u n its Both 
HO and 22o volt*- AH size*. 4o dov guarantee. A fter 5 CON 454-3491 or 
455-o984.________________________ 
A ir C o n d itio n e rs , 18,5oo B T U t oldspot, SOS. 19,o88 B T U G E *9o 
COH 454-o42o__________________ _ 
A L A V R E Z B A N JO 
5275, F irm . 494-2489 
A lib r a r y p f M S h a rd b a c k D ec foeti VQ C lu b books. 341-1 IQS. 

• 12x4o F ro n tie r. 2 b r., I bath, w a s h r, s k ir t in g . 1ox1o sh ad fenced, 2 g ard en s, pool. U S A A , 
U TH SC area, 494-579o.__________ 
924-4424 
• 5oo S e g u in R d , 228-3141 • 
U se d A o rt. B a rn 12x14, !2 x i4 term s, free d e live ry. 433-o111 
Used 14x2o M obile Hom e Add On 
T erm s, O eHvery, 924-5oo3._______ 

S P Y D E R 
On* 17ft. D em o, 8Shp M e rc u ry , t r o lle r , 535oo. O ne 17ft. u se d 
Sports cr oft with tra ile r, 514oo 
4411 Randolph Blvd., *54-o38o 
D ISC O U N T B O A T S A L E S 

I4'x72' L A N C E R , 2-2, a w n in g s, 
I 'x lO ' sto ra g e shed, ch a in lin k back yard, 5 mi.no. of a irp o rt on nice tot.til,5oo 454-39o2_________ 
14x75 P A T R IO T , Laie '73 2 BR , 2 
B ath , c e n tra l a ir, h e a l. P a r tly furnished, 585oo. 423-59o9________ 
14x72 Ranoda. A ir, heat. % acre, fenced. 
M uch m are! 
*12,9oo 
149-9534_________________________ 

New-Used. 114oo IH 35N. 435-o471 
74 M agnolia double. 14x54, 3 be droom , 2 bath. central heat, o ir. 
Equity, assum e. 492-9251 
M O B IL E H O M E O W N E R S 
Need a little extra cosh? 
W E buy M obile Hom e Tires and 
Wheals. *1o. E ach B rin g in or we pick up 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2742 S W M IL IT A R Y DR 

9 2 2 -o 5 4 o __________ 
M O B IL E H O M E O W N E R 5 
Need a little extra cash? 
W E buy M obil* Hom e Tire* and 
Wheels SIO. Each. B rin g In or we pick up 
S U N S E T M O B IL E H O M E S 
2742 S.W M IL IT A R Y D R. 
________ 922-o54o_______ 
M U ST S E L L 14x7o Spartan Was te rn M a in s io n . 2 B e d ro o m s . 2 baths, carpeted, ta rn ish e d C en­ tra l a ir-h a at. L ik e new ) t i , OOO. 
Atter 4 pm , 1-549-4424___________ 
TO P D O L L A R P A ID 
FO R U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
o24-324o 
924-4424 
73 TO W N A C O U N T R Y 14x4o, superb cond, unfurn. has sieve, re in * . 2 bedroom , 2 bath, shag c a rp e t, c e n tra l a ir , h e a t Low e q u ity , ta k e e v e r p a y m e n ts 
5117.47 Mo. tor 48 m e. o r N E T 
54173.95. 484-2931 eve*__________ 

LUMBER BARGAINS lote« boll Point 
$3-5o 
2*4 T precut No 3 select 
794 
?4o ft Stoldoen shmoes $13.95 
4x8 r CD* Plywood 
S4.99 i i i H plywood 
1$1 O U 
24174 Aluminum Window $1o.3o 
ALUMINUM FATH) DOOM 
6 foot 
£ ,. 
•; 
$89 

“ CASM A N D CAH U Y," 

BARNES LUMBER CO. 

12o7 L Durango 
531-5115 

A ll wood 
»7'x14\ 5575, 12'x24'. 
588o, tree del. 433-2343 
A Used 12x44 H eavy Duty Floo r 
Double 
Door, 
Term s. 
Del. 
732-5171. 
D am aged used p rice to sell 8x8, 
8x1o, 
1ox1o storg. bldg. del. 
4o4-1234 
Dam age 12x4o Stor. B ldg heavy duty floor free del term s 923-4)44 

B o a t s - m o t o r s - t r a lle r * 
5o35 R o o s e v t lf 
________ O P E N IO to 5pm________ 
Two 22' long pontoons, wood con ttru c tio n , m ad * tor d e ck boat, p re le c t not com p le te d . SISO in d udes p la n t and hardw are. 
423-2444.________________________ 

P o i m e r e ly a t l i . M a in St. CaH 
L a u r a a t 874-222o o r H o r r y w u i i i i fjw- tiif ItlA I tow tax r m ntuin i e^^O W^Pw f^W9 
*Tt\l I IV ti, 
A L L K IN D S O F F U R N I T U R E l l 
N ice MKto-A-Bed SITS, Doubt* Bed 
o4o M ap le C h e st $39, D e sk $29, 
C arte* T a b le OIS, A n tiq u e w a r d ro b e . D re s s e r 
T o e M u c h ta 
M e n tio n A il. 1785 W a st A v a 
732-4593 IO-*em 
A lm o s t now , W a rd s S H P title , w a d 5 tim es, 927-392o ofter sam . 
A m a te u r C a tlin s K W M -I s e r ia l 
>o9, tea condtWan 835o.o22-3994. 
A M - F M o m p re c e iv e r. P io n e e r 
B8(34 M u lt ip le x w ith d in , $73. l a d y 's b ik e , 3 4" 3-speed. SSO. 
M a n 's b lk * 2 4 '' I s p e e d . 54o 
H k d n r d re ssin g t a b le $15. Box e a rin g s a n d m a ttre sse s, 1 tw in, 
SIS, t double. S35. W eekdays atter 
»am. 455-oo37 
_______________ 
A W P M 8 tra ck stereo plus tu rn ­ table am i speaker* SSO. After 4 3o 
89o-9254. 
Antique- "Dos* T y e * '' L ib r a r y 
T a b le . O na D ra w e r, O ne S h e lf 
• a le w . e x ce lle n t co n d itio n v a ry aturdv. HOO 3*4-4921____________ 
A p a r t m e n t f ix e w a s h e r a n d d ry e r, A m o ald, BOW. 888-193o 

* .... - 
1 x !l? f 
* Boree* INB wrfYe w^K^^ae - OMMo w8 BF! OEI * , ofter S.X * » m 898-35o9____________ 
A q u a riu m s 3o-SS f a t s . A fr ic a n cichlid*. 349-3883 a r 341-o988. 

A R M Y S U R P L U S & 

D A M A G E D F R E I G H T 
D « $ k s, s w iv e l c h a ir s , pedestal tan s, rid in g lawn m o w e rs, e le c t r ic m o to rs, w ashers, bunkbeds. electric atta m a n u a l a d d in g m a ­ ch in e s, w oad trim , d o o rs, guilts, la va in rte*, pallets 3 a c re * of H e m s !! C O M E 
L O O K ! ft 
5o35 
Roosevelt, 
924-8771__________________ 

A T T E N T I O N ! 

F le a M a r k e t V e n d o r s 
D E A L E R D IS C O U N T . N ew ond w e d lu m b e r, b ox at 72 d is h e s 
§5.oo. G lassw are vases, pottery, can d le s, G R O C E R I E S . nsclyO es sere**, soups, canned vopotobtos, twice*, carat, coffee. I re a ch in coaters, a n i no** doctors exm ain mg table 575. doeks, b rid a l wed ding a c c essa rie s , h e w e r! cake b a t. can d y m a ch in e , s n e a k e rs, p lo t* * , p a in t p a ts a n d h a s p s , p a in t, s in g le t a w in g m a c h in e , cookers, shoos, suRoa g ra ss saad, 
4 (truck type) tool hexes, acoustic 

 aroph, inks, paper, toed m atting m achine, prtu tors saw, 3 g ro ce r ta* scales, cash re g iste rs, typew ­ r it e r s e n d m a n y m a r* ite m s 
C am * and b ro w se ! W e h a v e a 
•title b it bt e v e ry th in # . G B G 
S A L V A G E , 294) B N e w to n CON 
H a rry 114*441 tor m ere into 
A u to m a tic w a sh e r a n d d r y t r , tnwHJ 
Baw it, sit# 
CMM! 
$4S 
N 
224*7o5________________________ 
I Avocado green W aas ranee, 
SIO#. 2 b u ilt in H a r v e s t G e ld ran g es *9o a* C e n be M a n in 
Converse. 45o-8394 
B A S S A M P , A m i c i V 4 B w ith c a i brat, goad cend. 494-5918 
B E A U T I F U L P L A N T S , B e m a r 

 t beau tiful rad scu lp tu re d hipb tow cdrpato, bk* new A p p rn x 
14 *"* 114' , to t ' x i i Atop B eau tMul roe drap es, bk* new P e a sowable otters accepted 224-7189 of o n er «pm 884-1911 
Bedroom . L iv id * Room Spanish 
D in in g o r G a m * T a b le w ith ch a irs , H id e a Bed M a p le O le atte. 
Peat 
Tab** 
B a s 
Stoup. 
454-8735.________________________ 

81 2 u r n 
D r u b - S u e t s 

A d u lt end F a m ily section , clu b house w ith sw im m ing pool. Paved s tre e ts, u n d e rg ro u n d u tilitie s , la rg e lots, no p e ts, b e st m atn- tqintd park In town, on S E M ill- 
♦fT»v Dr. west of IH37, ocross from 
Brooks Field, Indian H ills M obile 
Home P ork. 333-o83o. 

 l l ' V bottom alum inum boat and traitor, 5 hp engine, depth tinder, fish mg cho i r seat s *45o 874-1835 
V e n tu re C a tam ara n 51,895. C o ll 
225-3H1 ar 735-1398 e»k for A l 
A C M E L U M B E R 8 S U P P L Y 
1oo1 Austin St.. 224-1437 
U n ive rsa l C ity, 45o-4331 a l a M o e w t g 'f t p 6 i$ i$ ------- 
H AS E V E R Y T H I N G 
TO B U IL D A N Y T H IN G 
D a m a n a g e d i x i a H e a v y D u ty 
Stoa B ldg. W ood S id in g T e rm s 
Del. 732 5171. 
6 o o o U S E D R A IL B O A D T IE *. 
D e liv e r e d in S o n A n to n io , S4. 
E ach 434-4931.__________________ 

E x t r a la r g e m o b ile h o m e le t. 
SI473, 575 dow n, o4 m o n th s at 
521 I ) A P R 1% 
CaH A. Jones, 224-23o3. 

5oo S e g u in R d . 
P o r ta b le la n d in g s M o v e d by 
M orgon Banded. 453 OHI. 
Repo, p o rta b le g a ra g e , ii* 3 J , floors term s, tree del. 453-o111 
Slightly damage"') 2r24 Red B arn , m ust sell tree del, term s 924-o32o 
Used lix ) 2 bauble Door G arage 
Term s, F ree D e liv e ry 924-5oo1 
1x14. A ll m e ta l, w e ath e r p ro o f, se cu rity lo c k a b le sto ra g e shed. 
Ideal fo r tools, h a y. e q u ip m e n t storage 
55oo. 
131o S. 
F lore s; 
224-831o. i o u ' : M V . wood c o n stru ctio n *. finished in teriors. 
Boerne 
I 2*9-3843 

N -From * 3 and W 45 A C P double action Soto or T rade 494-1 SH 
O ver 1ooo gun* to chaos* from 
B U Y S E L L - T R A D E 
_________ A m erican Loon________ 
Sm ith 8 Wesson, m odel 44. slain less steel, 337 M oanum , 5275. C all 
Steve, 4o1 143)__________________ 
We pay cash for rifles, shotguns. 
Pistols. 734-1794. _______________ 

LO T FO R SS' MH. *4o MO 
LO U NOR M obile Hem * P o rk 
1413 C a stro ville Rd 433-1o44 
M A R C H Special. Lot rent 
% P R IC E HI 197o 
P L A C IO M obile P a rk , *58-oo11 

N E , S h a d y A c r e s T r a ile r P k . fenced, store room , trees, 537.5o. 
N ear W indsor Pk M all. 824-o7*4. 
S T K ' W S lT 6 W W 6BYtl)iw feiT 543 up Pool, near U T S A . H o sp ita ls 
4998o92; 49o859o. 

L o u v e re d S c re e n D o e r in s e rts 
$19.95, W indow B lin d s *5.5o New 
S cre en O oar 312.5o. S o lid C o re 
C o a rt, *21 5o New A s b e s to s Sid lug 
$9.oo 
Bundle. 
31o3 
W. 
Com m erce 

Nfew A WB U TI DL UTKE ifti 7<foH 
H a rry a l 324-4441 or cam e 2942 E. 
Houston 

W A N T E D !! I 
U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A S H -F A S T S E R V IC E 
M R . M IL E S 924-4231 
W E T A K E T R A D E INS, W E 
B U Y U S E D M O B IL E H O M E S 
C A L L . M A X 
934-422* 

YOUR GUIDE TO DEPENDABLE SERVICE 

 rn y UNB* 184646 
S l g t U i i 

 ro ■ r n 
A r c 
A f % r s h o j i t u i c f $ m e 
/ a,T 
A 
D v 
/ * a i ■ 
B ilB 
A D S fWI f i l l s rn CAtmm 

R E F R I G E R A T O R F R E E Z E 
R E P A IR S 
C A R P E T S A L E S ft 
S E R V IC E 
D IR T -S A N D -G R A V E L 
F IL L -T O P S O IL w fc h A v 6 ? 1 'H n T V 6 * u \ i k 
O A K 
T R E E S 
F O R 
S A L E 
1 o75-9o2o ar 1-393-S341. 
R e p a ir fro s l-tre e , s e r v ic e c a ll 
** 5o, N5-NW ality, 4o4-41o8. 
A t C le a n in g S p e c ia l. L iv in g roam , d in in g roam , *22.SO 9x12 toes* rug* 
*1o SO. 
127 19o4, 
225-o3o) g A f t F I T a 
E A U ) U G m m u 
S h am p oo in g or steam cle a n in g avail. F o r F re e E s t , COH 4758741 anytim e 
U 
WF Y 1 B (!A¥ F t!T I I » V i e r - 
924-1o5o o r 2348244 

T o p s o il, s a n d y fo a m . s a n d . grovel, d rivew ay m aterial, 
922-885o. 
REMODELING 
O M P L E T E F IN A N C IN 
F R E E E S T IM A T E S 

C & S LUMBER 
4447 R O O S E V E L T 

F E N C IN G 
A d d itio n s , p a n e lin g , t e r m lc a 
■ 
. l i i f i ' work, free e ll , I U WOO 
T T e e T e n c T IslH rTStn^ ToTffw ood a n d c h a in lin k 
F A R M E R S 
F E N C E CO 422 9311, 473-4337 
M IL D E W R E M O V IN G 
934-o554, 914-1157 

B A B Y S IT T IN G 
C H IL D C A R E 

F K T s iS m T in my houit 
B io n to 
B d argo, 734 547o f h . id c o r * in m y (terne, ro o * rotes, 2-3yr elds, 734-3497 
C h iid co rt in m y home, day* only, 
K lngsboreugh area. 927815o 
< ? U ltb i m 
’ I II M V H A M M . 
Monee* thru F rid a y. N E oreo. 
455-972o 
£ W I L B £ a R E M y ham * N o rth east M an F it Any age 453844o 
E xcellent rhTioToT* in m y hem*. 
Lakeside oreo 448 25o4 
Licensed 'b a b b ittin g In m y llam a, day, wk. ar month. 734-8113. 
H a g c h ild c a r e in m y b o m a , 
Smo* Syrs at oge- 33314*2_______ 
Hep ch ild ca re in m y kam e, oar- to n a l a n n any ag*. O ff N a co * doc hot Rd *57 1719 
V 'l'B Wb B o b y siftin g 'o 'fm y h em * g n y tim * 
N e x t to th * 
A m e n to n a t i) 3888_____________ 

A C e m p ie t* R o o tin g S o r v ic 8 . 
Coo bn v» tor ail roofs. G u aranteed 
W orkm anship P ric e s you can of- to r* f roo E ft 85481*4 
C A H R O O F IN G CO. WO do tho lob right tho first tim e. Now roots. root repairs et a ll typos F re e est. i i i ! ! * . ________________________ 
C L A R K S Hoofing A B e m o a n in g 
Free Est. 824-1332.______________ 
G R A V E L S H IN G L E . R ep o t* ar ls > o ! I Stoo i . e . - .J ..,* OO! 
R o o fin g , good w a rk at g g o a d 
Ofn e l i e r eW tmotc! *7« t e n 

FIR E ft BBG WOOD 

Y iB rg o T rT v o T T T T rS T 'W e s a u I^ and A rizon a Ash 558, 734-7559 rirew o od hr tru c lto a d Split, del and stocked tar 525, 924892*. 
8 5 & 5 ^ 6 6 c r v m HRoui 
Wo OeUvor, 158, guaran teed full cord 9238841. f f r e r n r r w a a B ei# o n :' so«i saned I year. D elivered stacked. 
5*5 c o rd 
(G o t ll b e fo re n e x t w in t e r 's p r ic e s g e ts v e u ). 
1-995-2523 or 189*8*57 vtfonf't o T u y t W G r i e n l L u L pry woad. 32882)1_______________ 

A N T IQ U IN G . F r e t E s tim a te 
Guaranteed Poauttfull 838-437*. 
M IR R O R R E S I L V E R I N G 

OLD MIRRORS RESILVEREO 
Fast, Low C p u , E s p o rt W ork n y 'H'I T T I I V A 'i'R’iTi’G a n d 
P A T C H W O R K W a do drivew ay*. g ro ve l w ark. No lob too bm or too sm all Fro# estim ate! C o l J A F 
A S P H A L T CO *74 72*4 
S p tc ia d iln g in asptToil aa> k in a tots, d n v r - seal coaling, ole. 
F re t ostim ofes. 4818874 

T n R a u t o T a n » o n c o r ^ ! r ^ 

P A IN T IN G , P A P E R I N G 
P L A S T E R I N G 

T T F o m p T n ? T R o T iT O r* T e rv T u r in t E xt 
Frtcos you can afford. 
4548344. 
A. G a rc ia F a in tin g C o n tra c to r. 
F re e Est Int-Ekt. 7)4-7844. 
— 
R E L I A B L E 
E S T I M A T E S on 
P o m tln g -F a p e rln g . S h e e tro ck , 
W indow G lass. R o p a irs , B udget 
Torm s. IA H S. H a ckfiw rry 
|TO ntm tToncTT a u irs. Llc-Homic*d 
AH work G uaranteed 871-8219 

Estates, A nything of voluo... from one piece to houseful C all 
M 2 8 7 SS A nytim e 
E st 
19*9 
I Ii v i n «"Tat e m o d # I re irie e m ie rs . freezer* n eed in g rrp o ir. 341-1845 

A S P H A L T -C O N C R E T E 
W O RK 

T T T s r a r m r s a g i c i ; tits, asphalt driveway* Forking 
LOK Lie bonded 538-1448. g y m n r e w n n u 't v ib N - den erat* slabs, teundatlons, patios, porch**, d riv e w a y s , sid e w alk* , and asphalt *138431 
C em en t C o n stru e lio n - * rd w ood d e s ig n p a tio s , s ig o w a lk t , I drivew ay* ail typo* of Hat w ark 
Hay# trowel WIE travel, 334 8873 
{ a Jse ra C att tv aes, S e S S R a S T d riv e w ays, a ah a s, c a ll day or night. Fra# Cst 735-1184. 733-741). 
R S c 'r M n V ic k and w f'" w g r & . 
Patios, d riy a w a v s, toundatioh s 
733-5814 ar 4358449. chil R ich a rd dane rot*, patios, drlyew oy* fro* est G u e rre ro 924 7777 

C w icra )* , egfi**, xealiis. d rive s, a d d itio n s W in te r P ric e s F re e eslim otos f < ans 333-194o b is t ou nl on oil coner alg, rack end m asonry w ark. Done now F re e est Anytim e 134 8459 $33 *718 
D riv e w a y * , g g f ie i, w a lk * , 
• modeling and m elal b og* Can 
927 ID S ar 927 *588 
________ 
S p e c lo I ii in# 
In c a n e r e lf , drivew ay*, agua*, watfcs, founda flans, etc 
Free 
E stim ates 

A A Foundation, House Levelin g . 
Fo u n d atio n R e p a ir, E x p e rie n c e end R eliable. 822-1713.___________ 
CAMERA EXCHANGE 
Buy. SelY. T ro Je /R -u n * 
Doors 

IldliS Cf Q lN liiyf se* foundotion rfp o i 

5)22 SAN F E D R O 
828-2327 
W T W TC?- ■w a s h e rs 
K e n m o re , wnirtoooi needing repair 
224 o21* 
G A Iw tar your Used P lan * 
224 7111 or 224-1182 b .a m g n i ; ! ---------------- 
W illiam s. 217 8 782, 15o I Houston 

A ll typo* fo undation r “ po^*. so y rs e xp e rie n ce A ll w ork guar- gnfoad C um anytim e, *34-411o h o u file tie n re p a irs 6ua> anteed w o rk 
3o y rs e x g e rto n co F ro * 
B ol. W M W * . 
_______________ 

OFFICE CHAIRS e xe cu tiv e . S ecreta ry. O ccasio n pl Upholstered, vinyl ond genuine loath er A ll b e au tifu l O ver 2o8 c h a ir* to chee*# fro m P ric e d from M SO ond up 11)1 Basso R d . 
733 7347. 734 1o41 

OFFICE FURNITURE 
E ve ryth in g M ust G a t! 
O E SKS, C H A IR S 
C R E D E N Z A S , C U P E L E S , C T C . 
CaH ta spa, 73* 1894______________ 
Old penny gum h ail m achine oh stand 488*835 a m U ^ ' r e il U p j« sG '"‘"‘T 
,"'r oiT: 
> estored 5458 738 5)13 
6 y t c o le s a n j IH F 5 U E la l trunk 4382317. 
— t r g y r ’i n — omit b ne” ("oil too desk large, nan-an tia u * 12o8, 
M e n lo p la tfo r m re eke r N o rd reek M ap le ch«»i w ith b o okca se , 4 d ra w e r ch est ond I d ra w e r ch e st w ith b o o k ­ case. an I or 5171, w ard* poet ta ole, reg 
*499 tor *329, roll away bad l i t o888892.________________ 
P e a v e y '¥ 4 sy ste m ,“ "l m icro"- phone, I K e y G u ita r 5488 C a ll 
*71 241o after tom 
; F m i e r ! ! " C o lo r Tv ton**!* 
P erfect cenoHten tis * 934 8794 
■ 
« t>wtiVaam *u il*."'reosoh a bt*. *383834 
I p ie c e "G l e n ^ r i e y r o e '^ T eT eu een sa* bed, t u t Dinette table with 4 c h a ir s . S184 S a fe b ed a u e e n t iie w ith ) m a tc h in g 
! c h a irs *4o8 ■ p ie ce g lo ss and 
I C h ro m e liv in g ro o m set. SIOW 
I 3 p ie ce b ro w n liv in g ' «t..n set 
* 1*o I tor go brown boun (tog end 
’ I m edium white b e a n o a * total 
SI* S/4 o917 after 3 3o 
I S p ie ce O ih in f B een t t e l it'T 
I Smith Con sir u t wan 549 4137 

C ustom m ad* sheets for round, kin# ar queen beds. Trie e l ar your trace of tot, c 834-1 M I _________ 

• onditior. s.* M V I e t o s I Twin. 11**o 
I Beef e 53»i*88 
« rO i. twin. te ll and guaan size. c h e s t, b ed ro o m g a ts, B a r ly 

P A IN T IN G 

P 
B 
H 
W l^ T 3 M r g c K » r ,Tn T 
C if , A cou stic Collin gs, s is 1)48. 
Free Estim ate* 
U g r'L K s lJ* 
M I N T m a w ill) 
P R ID E 
Free E s) 8384*74. 

DIRT SANO G R A V E L 
PILL TOPSOIL 
A ll typos et fo undation re p a irs . 
Law a rle as. high q u a lity w ark 
CaH anytim e. 
A B C 
CO N ST., 
3338814. 
F o u n d olio n lev eh n g ’ Sn IT 11- p i 11, 
Good wark af a goad p n cg Frgg 
Estim ate* 9)84934 

H O U lI L E V E L IN G 
T N C IR IS H M A N 
38 Y E A R S E X P E R I E N C E 
N o it Never lake tho h rs! p rice! 
H H K ! 
BT 
7J4 7511 
R e iio tie rn un I 'o'"So~ fo u n d a tio n repair* and house leveling Satis in t lio n g u a ra n te e d 
N o lo b to smaH Ccw *58*57) 

F o r Sal* New W ards 38 ti Side bv 
Ste* 
R efrip e ro te r Fre e ze r 

 a t * m 
__ 
For Sal* 
Two Soar tv C ycle Mel m#f*. Lik e Now. V ery R easonable 
2334 G len ivy 
Fe a r Chair D in erie Set. Avocado and G e ld 518 
13x15 B lu e a n d 
White Snap Rug, SN Single M at tress. Box S p rin t* and F ra m e , 
■ roes Headbo ard >38 *58-177* 

C A L L JIM L IS T E R 
*33-2*8o or *3)8348 eJ W 
F A Y I C A IH e ---------- 
F o r used fu rn itu re and w orkin g eggttance* 923 8943. 9178845. 

. IU d e ill In. 1» offl b I OC « a n d W h ile tv 's in need of re p a ir, *32-5*72 offer 4am 
T O P T A M H A IG fer vo u r 'eld newspaper and corrugated A A B 
CO Pager stock 
81* Cerote# 
4188*81. 
V Z W Y y H t A f r ic a n g a m * lr'#- phi** A lso b o ar ru g s R o ll tag ta sk M an F ri, 7)82878 y i l l T I B : a a la T - r U n e e d in g rgeatr 
M ust bo reasonable 
917 7*o4 
W 
S T f f t 
U . e v y d u ly sh o e 

 i i a III nm town and u n 'd en die I 
7 g a y d e lly 
D U G I T R U C K I N O 
CO. 3378248 anytim e *17 58 and 

In B a rro n . AM iv aa* d ir t- s o n T gravel Y ear round dot 4)58117. 
O T T O '-B IT T O g i f ’ F S I H 
H 
M O N E Y , 538 2947, 7«ys, 9318844 
A'T T I I T I D t E D TT g g T A H I 
F A R M T O P S O I L 
D E L I V E R Y 
A V A I L A B L E *881873. 
A ll K e te - a R lo r d g r.v a t Jim 
Longford N orfhsid* 3*2 2448 i - l r i e l (a a s d ii, m is e ! lo o m . sand. els* law n and g ard en tor lin ie r by touo Cow m anure, any tirrm U ? 44S4 

I I C S T A tn n r r o ¥ t T T o p - T o ir 
Bes! Q u ality, otto sand log soil m ix . 
O P E N 
E V E R Y 
D A Y 
415-9339, 433-1489 
6t*r< T o o soil ranl Z aray-a riu o w r 
Ray H en drix Ddttverod 341-2449 
W oTu topsoTT ii e tTy T i 'a m '”i a rn 
4384114 
Even. and w eekends 
*885443______ _______________ 

P A IN T IN G C O N T R A C T O R tat- 
E x t 
G e n e ra l R e p a ir s 
F r o * 
Estim ate* 
G ilb e rt 
P erkin s, 
923-1*o4. 

Fe in tin g 13 y rs exg a rtenca . F r e t 
Est No tab to sm all Clean w ork 
533 8339 or 3189817_____________ 
P E R E Z * SONS P A IN T IN G interior E x le i tor 
F re e 
Bsf. 
4338o41 

W ater H eaters 
Steel Tub* 
C a n Iron Tub* 
Sinks t av or oterw » 
M an y Other item s 

724o672 
F re s h O ra n g e s ond G ra p e fru it 
WbgtaeaW Cwt; 332-MOI, I loam 

C o m m e r c ia l, R e s id e n t ia l le is clanning, hauling, trees trim m ed 

o m e n d a b le Y a rd m a n , F lo w e r 
Eola*. Light H aul, G en eral clean 
IPB. 2384481. 
_______________ 
Law n s, cd i-trlm m e d v a cu u m * !. 
Cad anyhm e, 533.9435 
P ro fe s s io n # ! r o r d w o r k , f r e t trim m ta g , fo rtu n in g ton d scoe in * , H e w e r b e d s, s a ra y in g e l 
TOCdS. reasonable prices. 
341-8484. 
______________ 
Tr*^* 1 r 
*~‘~Tmt8 
^ jjt a y t o d R e n sen g ye 
W itt de y a r d w tr k . R e a s o n a b le m ss* 
_________ 
Y a r d W a rk , S a r a y in g , T re e 

G A R D E N I N G 

 ig ? 3 S B ? n n rT T # ^ 
CaH after tam , 9338548 

Law arte#* high duality concrete work Coil anytim e M r Concrete. 
SB H A B L A E S P A N O L , 32 3 5**7 
223*113 cafrto rn ia Q d d ijn e r ga m e table w ith c o m fo rta b le I s l g ro g * naugahyde chair* bright yellow , 
S IM itra ctie a et eriptnat cesti IS 
C e ta r TV , excg tten t s a n d m e n . 
U te *738841, 
C a m a ra , 35m m 
Y a s h tc a L y n x 
SdddE, ran g* fmotor, 1:1.8 lea*, 
'on* lh sac. In ca** axe et coed 
*>6 F ire g tg tt teeeon H i U IS 

H A U L I N G ft M O V I N G 

HouSlng j„ i) m uvii^ T'w inrTJcCup 
> tru ck, *73 $4*9 

Have I % ten truck* *331143. it • ':f#- m o v in g «>T>5 tree trim m ing, hay* I* a ton tru ck 473-51*8 
>Lfght f o u l i n g E s ltm o le s H oul away scrag m etal frag 9238411. r ia n t H T u tm w k 'o a v iN d 
I piece or boas* full 
Cray or Mite 
A F T M O V IN G S P E C IA L IT Y 
__________ j j f t t f n ____________ 

O. I N. P L U M B IN G . r#».o, end com m ercial re pa irs, tree e t tim o to s j , 
«.« 
DO YO U N E B O A P L U M B E R Y 
. 
Relrobto-Aanded 8388791 
M A S T E R P L U M P E R W ITH LOW 
O V E R 
H E A D 
118 58 
H r . ted Bunded 4*3 3432 
P lu m b in g R e p a irs. R em odelin g, 
Additions. Reg san abt*. F ro * Est 
4384489 

We answer your cm l te st' Sewers. leaky faucet*, w aler healers any type re p a ir or now In slo lte lia n 
T exas P lu m b in g Co , Inc 418 A 

 r w i g i u i a s g r i n w m 

P L O W I N G • B U L L D O Z I N G 
E X C A V A T I N G 

 c u t ” o 'm ' g1 A R O « N F L O W IN G 
ONO T IL L IN G C A L L 938311/ 

C A B I N E T M A K E R S 

T o n o T T o i r'L»lu"> 
- I '. .- : 
,. . w eed w o rk 
R e fe r e n c e s a v a il 
Free est *33 *488, 

(M ^ adv# ?» l*in g .^ Id ^ tf^ n ? gas pum ps, gtobes, etc ss* 487? 
W eb u y Fu rn M u re,'A ppttenceT - 
E stales A n liqu es G lassw are etc 

Frtgtdeire autom atic w astier r n ______________ o s i i i ? 
FuH sne bed with beak Shew hea d ' b e a rd , tra m * , b a s s e t in g a n d m a ttre ss w ith m a tch in g v a n ity and stoat *1*8 21 rn p la ck and 
I N S O rg an ically m ixed Tea sans end Com post 
A ls* , we d e liv e r, send, grovel, teem chef etc 
LOW P R IC E S , COH 933 8814 
"i r f g t T M K ' g 'iT 
--- 
N HW , 444-4294 
I wading tup soil onrTTijnri, loom balow 418 on Som erset Rd to Hto den VaHav We oleo deliver it s , 

JgnSfTgr av el. l o e s e i r i T yord* debvered. 4 3 3 -m i.____________ lit e c le llie in riels" te o s e li send end gr aval 922 N i t , *13 72 to 
T g g l g r 'I r a r e ! ■Be'n v e r a n d 
Sp read HW and N E 
434 1 IN . 

F u m d x m A aai io nt e t /ew etry 
A ll A a e trca tie n s upu»e»ed w ith r euv ired aewn aavm ent Cad tin p e n a l F y rn 222 )22 / 414 B rady 
G o t ctames dryer, J intern seats 
M i » reeker 448 Z N ) 

■41 G ttteen t T “ to T Tuna-a m oue 
Sn atters M er* s n a il C ase A te s 
OrPM M » , » » I A m e and t c * t * r n r n t m * / * N d i____________ 
G irT s to speed mph (h u h . Od¥y s e a t, d a u h l* m d t lr o s s a n d 
I M l N t r k u c h e n Id h le e n d 4 

C a re t atte Tohtetee Dtebw hehar, used 2 me* SM I Am moot doeth)* 
S M * . i> V * 2 * l l X 
SS, r n »i» L . 
C E IL IN G F A N S I top tlM h*. t m 
M O 4388214 ' t nan aroom velvet, I I N Cack tea toots IM Staffed cack toil tonic 
818 P ortebte atec reactor 
IM 

A C a rp e n te r in H eed et Jo b s tram E eating to Eosin d o h on Ne 
Job Tee S m g llf F re e E s t 
A ll 
W ork G aor anteed 92/ M I* 
I { W a is t s M o m ltndnce id f l/ ic l, I 
C e rp e n try , R e e lin g 
A ll ty p e s re p a ir* P rice * yea cen a ffo rd 
F re t Est 4388244 
- n > 'to p olrs, painting f r ce e shm o ie* 451 I M I 
A lf Ty aes (a rg e n try w a r i. Ated ra e ftn o . g d in tin g , s a tis to c lto n 

T o r i W a rk , S a r a y in g , 
Tfiigm m g, hauling * » >7** 

 rn I t t t t o E p G o # 

 i n t t m 

 r i | p 8 t p l B O G 
Express/NIW I 

4533/11 a n y h rik , s is 4*j« eves 
JO H N A R O W L A N D D A R N E S 
L h en M d end BtmUnd h u t e ft 
W I F A V U 
III1®*1 - ™ 
F a r Goad Used Fu rn itu re 

 in * !,» brkfldSMes (dr sate *1) tor 
4 , SSS tor 4 
P arch es swHrgs. S3* 
Hwy I*I Sd between 1*1* and 
Lem an 
5 d r a w e r cfce ;r i T r ~w it k . r break tost tebte III, cider ginger tar temp »M ceftee table IM , end m ar* tornH ure Queen H ie beds p reqd end sheets sots W om en * r ieth in g W site / and 9 , m isses s u e 8 and to 
B e c a rd a lb u m s, fla b * g tlle w s . e t le m e n s d ie i t e m jp m Sat Sud only U t W 
M ti d e toe r)3 I / ll 

FAWCfTT FURNITURE 
Doteresa 
227 
148 M32 
M f 1839 
P M I T A I t i r T a n s t e r t o llg u st 
SdH I m e eld *1788 V alu e F irs t 
S D M B a y e d o*8747* 
R ^ W B T F T f f l c J d r T V iT H 
9*3/877 

 fo7- 
TO-niiiinniiif 

LFD BUDGET 

N e w - U s e d - D e n t e d 

F lo o r S a m p le R e p o s s e s s e d 

D is c o n t in u e d M o d e l s o f 

F u r n it u r e a n d A p p l i a n c e s 

N O W OPEN!! 

M o n d a y t h r u S a t u r d a y f r o m 
1o A . M . t o 6 P . M . 
2o55 W . MALONE 
924-79o7 

A A -A K C Shin T iu pupil mates. female I, shots. SSS 5o3* 

 a - O k c 1 h T ^ T T u p u r e — 
Motes, females, shots 342-7o3o 
Accepting Dendrite on AKC Boa. 
Irish Setters, motes $*5. Females 
SSS. 
Available 
It 
March 
77. 
613-3475 
ACK Golden Retrievers, 7 six wit. 
Old motes. SHS. I S69-3284._______ 
Adorable AKC York ie Puppies 
________ S34 USS 
Affection-lkroteeFlon. 
Blood 
Hound German Shepherd hybrid cross pups. 12 whs. 1-753-2479 
‘ AKC A F G H A N S* 
Pups • Stud Serv • 344-728o oft. A 
AKC A F G H A N S 
Show, Pet 
655-5796 
AKC Airduie Terrier, Fem ale * 

ANTIQUES 

914 u n fit s . 5 

AM M U AA. STS? IN G S A L E 
Anttaaes-Cotlectibies 
Up To SOS, Below L M . tO-5 I OM ar ch tv 3 April, 
C a ta m ite Ja n # OSO Hw y 78 
Schertz. Tx. OM 7782. 
A N fiS u fe AU CTIO N 

Grandtalhor Cloch V V Toll SI 375. 
French Mont!# Statue Clock S2oS. 
9x12 
Oriental 
Carpet 
*825. 
o92-181$. 

Mar. 13, 1:3o PM 
I G ary's Antique Auction Nous* 
Lockhart, Tx. - Call 398-37o1 
A ntiq ue U rie b o a rd O ak with beveled 
M ass mirror. 
S175 
734-3742. 
A N V tSu 'fe'S IN BOC B N F ------ 
Short Drive North 
7 friendly shops In our area 
Antique Teaster Bed; antique rosewood sofa; Orville Carr sofa, 
COSI SSM, SON I ’ M 82o-$ooo. 

B E S S ' A N T I Q U E S 
SOSO O M Saturn Rd., OOI 5582 
Brom e bust, signed VanDerStra 
IS", origtonai 
Patina, 
733-777S. fc u V -S te lL -A ^ fe A iS E ------- 
Best Prices Paid for Antiques 
P H IL W ILL B O R N 
TOW N A C O U N T R Y A N T IQ U E S 
82o 2749 3oo9 Broadway 735-2414 

C M M T n t Antiques 
Daily I to 5, Closed Monday 
o1o S. Sequin St., Converse 

C R A D L E S 
> Antiques, 2934 Austin Hwy a m IU im p s 
D I JO N P L A Z A , 77o1 B R O A D 
W AV, 884-1991. Stoat Front Am 
IO **k , F r. A rm o ire B la n k e t 
(Chests, PKW Cupboard, Hooded 
C rad le s, G ra n d fa th e r C lo cks, 
Four-Poster Bod, Fr. Dining Ta­ ble and Chairs, Baskets. B ra ss 
I Pewter. Etc. 

 lin in g (a b le s :‘S q u a re oak 2 
[leaves Small dropleal. o53-1o73. 

G A S L I G H T A N T I Q U E S 
[1525 MC 
C U LLO U O H 
277 48o3 rood Load of Am erican Furni ore Six Stacks of Bookcasoo, 
D ab Dental O' Cabinets. Cherry 
Roll File, 4o D raw e r Ook File 
Cabinet, Kitchen Cabinets, Ten 
Round Pedestal Tables. Oak Hi- 
Bays, Sots of Spindle Back Chairs. 
H A R T 'S A N T IQ U E S 
Sabot. 918-2733 Open Week does 
All Poy Sat. Sunday afternoon 

St you have Antiques, Jewelry 
D ia m o n d s, S t a r lin g G old or 
Oriental R u m to soil, you'll vet the 
B est P rice from San Antonio's fille i t S-lfWiD‘ 
RfiOBficv Antioaes 
M r s ffsMOOC 822 544o? 342-M7o 

Mahoqany 2-door Wardrobe 
Walnut Secretory 
A N T IQ U E CO TTAGE, SOS Dallas 
M IR R O R R E S IL V E R IN G 
I The M trrsr Stapm I fusion of Finishina TOtfch I 
Division of Finishing TOUchTnc. 
112o Pork ridge, 349 3489 
Near tho Corner Antiques 
Depression glass and Furnltro 
5513 F M 78, 661-3o54 
New and Old Shop, 3o5 W est 
Ashby (Near Soc) 732-88o8. Old 
Pine Safe, T ab les, Loveseat, 
Trunks, Larae Silver Samovar 
Etc. 

O P A 'S A N T I Q U E S 
22o3 S. Hackberry painted w ood colu m n s, 
9’IO"x14" dla., *2oo. Painted wood mantle, 9 T l"x o ’9", *5oo I pointed wood mantel, 64"x7', {IOO. Late 
18oo s. Coll 826-41o5 ofter 5pm 
P H IL M O R A N 734 5*68 
A P P R A IS E -B U Y S E L L 
L IC E N S E D E ST A T E 
L IO U ID A T O R -R E F E R E N C E S 
's K 's t-iano Beautifully Hand Carved 
E a rly 18oo K im b e rly *1 x 5 5 ", com platiy reconditioned D ark 
Mahoqany Appraised al *15oo will sell tor loss. <41-49o4. 
Pine Hutch, Stained Glass Doors 
Beveled Mirrors, *35o Plantation 
Desk. Chippendale TW Top Table, onto Moro. 
T H E P O T P O U R R I 
Hwy I* A 47*. Poteet, 747 X37, 
Sun. 1-5. 

 m os eld. C ham p ion B lood line 
>15o. *95-37*o 
A K t Alaskan Malamute Female 
IO mo*. *56-3857_________ ________ 
Ake Basset female 72 mos. beou- tiful fri-color, 735-6914 
A k e Basset H ounds iVi y r s ! mole I fem. Sell both Cheap 
626 1968 
___________________ 
A K C Basset Maie, Reo. * mos. 
After 5. 924-425o_________________ 
A K C B ord er Collie tem, I yr. 
Beautiful m arkings, very intel tigent *1oo. 344-27o2____________ _ 

FOR FAST 
RESULTS 
Place Your 
Pet Ad Today! 
Cal 
Misc Moore 
2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 _____________ 

AiSKrffSreS^FuDpie^tor^fSEb 
51o. eg. Aft. 5 :3o 494-2892 
A LA SK A N Malamute male 8 w ts 
*2oo. 344-5356___________ w— — 
Beagle Puds' ternate 
*15 641-4o7o 
Beautiful German Skeeter# pup pies, no paper*, *2o. *53-3336 
B o rd e r M oille P u p p ie s, ( if . 
Cocker Po© Piracy, *3o. 826-145$ 
B O R D E R C O L L IE S Pups A.R.d. 
Rot. HOO. *49-1224. 
Boston Bull Pupates 
924-3725 
Chocolate Persian Spayed House 

W2 
FARM 
SUPPLIES 
EQUIPMENT I 

Form an H Tractor with planters, cultlvater. 3 row batter. 497-3*25. 

S a n A ntonio E X P R E S S - N E W S — 
S a tu rd a y M a rc h I 2 1 9 7 7 
P a g e 

198-UST MID FOUND 

Ford 2-bottom Plow, goad as new. 
Red Baron shredder. Both 555o. 
923-5844 
F ord form trartor, eqUipm enL.62 IY Z * I. also 2 row 

Ford 9N tractor, *995. M F 1*5 diesel *41M. M F *$ diesel, *245o. int. 46o diesel. *2458. O liver 88 diesel, *24oo 
I new B ritish 
Leyiand diesel, 47hp demo., *625o. 
I new British Leyiand diesel 255, 
5Shp demo 
*685o. I new British 
Leyiand 7ohp diesel, S85oo. I 
4-row peanut and maze planter, 
*12oo. Other Equipm ent. John 
Lott, 5*9-2422, Collect.___________ 

AKC Boxer al Stud 
__________ 342-4181.___________ _ 
A KC Brittany Spaniel Kl months. 
Good started hunter. S25o- AKC 7 months old German Short Haired 
Pointer, sta y s and co m e s on command. Will retrieve in water. 
*1oo- 433-39o9_______ ___________ 
AKC Chihuahua Puppies, 
453-1475 824-o397_______ ________ 
A K C Cocker Spaniel Puppies, wormed, shots. 927-235o 
AKC (Hockers * wks, shots 

 pet. *5o. 494-33o1 
C o c ke r Y u p p ie *, B lk, 5 w ks, wormed, *3o . 349 8497. 
SftA ST IC m V K t 'ftu C E b 
A K C Old Eng. Sheepdog Pups, 
Championship breeding *81-o498. ofter * p.m. 
Female Pup Pleasant Disposition, also good watchdog, pound bound 
492-9933, 492-2417. 

FO R D 9N Tractor, *995. M F 14* 
Diesel, *415o; M F Diesel, *245o.; 
INT. 44o Diesel, *245o; Oliver 88 
D iesel, *24oo.; N E W B rlt isb 
L e yian d D iesel, 47 Hp. dem o 
*425o; British Leyiand Diesel 255, 
55 Hp. dem o, **8 5 o ; B ritish 
Loyland 7o Hp. Diesel, *85oo; 
4-Row P e o n u l-M o iie Planter, 
*12oo 
M o ro ! 
John 
Lott 
(1)5*9-2422 Pleasanton, Tx. 
FORD TRACTORS 
SN and 9N with now and used tm- pigments. 37o8 S. Flores 
F O R D T R A C T O R Model 8oo in excellent condition. *2995 
TH E T O R G ER SO N CO. 
533-5145, 739 Steves______ 

341-5o24 
A kC C G L lie S , tU . iirerf* 
<23-4511 
A K C D a ch sh u n d , m in ia tu re female, 2 yrs. *94-8242. 
AKC D A L M A T IA N P U P P lt S 
655 3*93 349 5815______________ 
AKC Dobermans, 2 Puppies, IO weeks old. 923-3858_______ 
AKC feng Springer Spaniel P u p*. 
Ch Sired, shots, exc quality 
Show, pot. 735-1*18 , 924-814*. 
ARC Serm on Shepherd Puppies' 
Intern'! Ch. Bloodline *53-2751. 
AKC Serm on Shepherd mole, 4 mos. shots. *94-8241. 
A KC Great Dane quos, Faw ns 
SISO. Terms. 923-4496 
A K C IR IS H Setters. Cham pion 
Bloodlines 492-1122 
A KC Irish Setter Puppies 333-6444 

German Shepherd female 2 yrs 
Old *75. 432-4336_________________ 
Germ an Shepherd Puppies, *5o mate *4o fem. 661-561o. 
S e rm o n Shepherd Pups, A lit parents, 6 wks. 735-o18T______ 
G e rm a n She p he rd P u p s 126. 
*94-4*18 offer 5 p.m._____________ 
German Short hair puppies, aft 
5pm *58-2329. 
Golden R e trie v e r Stud A K C , hunter, show qual. 734-88*5______ 

FO R D TR AC T O R M O D E L 2ooo, axe. cond *4495 
THE T O R G ER SO N CO. 
533-5145, 739 Steve* 

G R E A T D A N E S 
Champion sired. 1-755-4*9* 
Hall Alaskan H usky k a li S e t man Shepherds S4S-SSS. Shots, guaranteed hearty 1-379-oo12. 
Irish Terriers, AKC, born r rb. 4, good with children, good watch dogs, non-shodding. 1 755-81o3 
M A L E toy Poodle puppies *46. 
No checks. After * pm *94-3982. male, or best 

Q U E E N ’S A N T I Q U E S 
2889 Fredericksburg Hours: 9-> 
1865 itelnw ay Concert Grand!, rare collectors item Rosewood, elegant c a rv e d legs. U sed in 
Steinwav Hall I-84S-1S78, 733-7775 fATL' I Vl'S ' A H f lS u E S------- 
B S . off all items Sun M ar 13 
H A T T IE 'S ATTIC 
Droptront Desk 
In Colonies North Matl 
THE---------------------------------------- 
Different Drummer 
Antiques-Acce*sones Collectables 
1o2o TO W NSEN D , 826-37*4 
A L A M O H EIG H T S to Sell your Antiques 
O N E A N D A LL 
More'* hie number for you to colt 
*33-24oo, *33-o34o (cash paid) 
JIM L IS T E R 
We repair old Pump Croons 
E D G A ID A 5 
A U T O M A T IC M U SIC CO. 
28o* N Flores 
733-1*4* 

S T O . OO A M o n t h 
R e n li 
A B A L D W IN 
P IA N O tf|f»» Apport bb Fvrih«»» 
S IM S B A L D W IN 
6 3 3 U f k h il l - S e i m * R o 

3 4 4 - 4 5 3 9 

 aft 5 or on Sot-Sun 
A K C frisk 
Setter 
P u p p ie s, wormed, shots 658-8448 
AKC Irish Setter 6 mo tempi*. i6o. 
494-17oo.______________ _______ 
AKC Irish Setter Pups 
<55-9192 
A K C Irish Seller Puppies f o r 
Sale. *5o Call ofter 5 333-3418. 
A K C T a B R A D E R PU PS------ 
Ch. lines *85. 126 3393 
AKC large miniature Poodle, AT 
Stud Coffee with cream, 344-1217. 
AKC Lhasa Apso, male, I Vt" yrs old had all his shots. Beautiful light gold.1-583-33o8 or I 582-1159 
A K C L h o so A p so com batable 

Mod. Size Apricot Poodle good with children. SSO < ofter. 922 183o________ 
Mixed Poodles. 4 yr white mate 4 yr. black female, need loving home, told a t p air only, toe 
733-1731 after 5 end weekends 
22 Month old, Very friendly tortt- ing Am azon Rod-head Parrot, with cage, will talk price. Call 
674-8917 aft 3:3o_______________ 
Need Good Hom e for * mo old 
Male 
Fox 
Terrier 
Puppy. 
*o4-2o48________ ______________ _ 
P A R R O T Dbl Yetlowheod with cope and stand. *25o c p s. 653-7982 
Parrot bauble Yellow Head Ex tremly Beautiful. 696-43o6 

1865 Steinwav Concert G rand, rare collectors item Rosewood, elegant c a rv e d legs. U sed in 
Steinwav Hall 1865-1878 733-7775 stu d io piano, excelle nt conli. 
Reasonably priced 828-8897 
Unredeemed 
Musical instruments 
Amor ir an Loon Co 
227-8572 

§24 NURSERIES, SARDEN irtuTTreerrturase^New Concept, 
Terms, Free Delivery 924-5oo3 

 male and tomole 
*75 each. 
*54-o22* 
AKC Min Schnauzer male. 2 yrs. 
Great Pet. 673-29oo. 
AKC Norwegian Elkhound Pups, very re a so n a b le , m ales ond temples. 684-2272___________ 
AKC Ittog Lab male, I wk*. 
Of litter. *85.122-389o. pick 

RRC Samove()s«922-3963 
AKC Sheltie Puppies S85-S135 

8x12 M organ Greenhouse Guar- anteed 2oyr». 
732-5171 
Free Del. terms 

926-MACHINERY TOOLS 

718-1X1 
A k C ik o w d uality D oberm an 
Fuppios ti wks, Red-Tan, Bik- 
Ton 922-17oo; 924-6326 
AKC Toy food!# Puppies *75. tov 
Pekingese Puppy *65. 699-o353. 
AKC Toy Poodle Puppies. Silver 
Beige Male at Stud. *53-o322 
A K C t o v 
O 6 '6 L E *' odoro bl e mote, 2* mo. *55-478*.__________ 
AKC Tri Color-f Ollie Puppies SSO 
734 7*o5 att 5 and weekonds. 
AKC W llM A R E IN E R S , 4 m ~ 
Old, *5o up 494 *8o2 
AKC White Femole German She pherd 4 yrs. *33-85o7. 
_______ 
AKC York ie Pups, Stud Service 

POPPIES a 
822 9291 
Poodle to loving home ho(Ue- 

3o ft Gooseneck Trailer, 3 axle. 
Quick Sole. *15oo *24-2488 Otter S 

4o1o: 4o2o JOHN D E E R E 
PtetOL 534-4711 
M A S S E Y F ER G U SO N DISC, 12 ft pf hookup. Exc. cond. *1o5o. 
*95-9218. 
______ _________ 

LO ST : Dalmatian ternate, I black ear and red b and an a arou nd neck. Answers to “Grtana''. Coll 
*94-441o (work) or 344-3379 atter 
6pm 
Lost: Female Irish Setter, Sierra 
No. A re a. A n s to " L a d y " . 
*41-429); *53-3978 ask for Paul 
Lost: female, Muo-gray cat, white face-neck-paws, red coHor, Live 
Oak, reword *53-3198. 
LOST: mote Irish Sorter, tagged 
SO lbs, 3 yrs old IHIQ and Hilde­ brand. Jim 732-7o82 434 o321 
LO ST: Mate Pekingnose In the vlclnty of 81oo Pinobrook and 
Callaghan. Answ ers to 'Muffin'. 
Child’s Pet. 344-193o 
LO ST: Miniature black French 
Poodle in vicinity of Antler Dr,- 
H oney sock ie (C a stle H ills). 
A n sw e rs to 
'M id n ig h t '. 
R EW A R D ! 342 54o* 

 t2Q BIOS ft PROPOSALS 

LO ST: I pair lady's prescribed sun shades. Small brown frame 
REW A R D . 734-o631 Offer 5pm 
LO ST. Reddish brown dog. Jef­ ferson area Wearing beige ond flea collars, no tags. Approx. 35 lbs. Reward 736-1423. 
LOST: R E W A R D for information leading to the return of maie red 
Alsatian Shepherd missing from 
1932 Austin Hwy. 828 5211 655-2o91 

$5o REWARD 
For Info, leodmg to (he ratom of 
Beautiful largo block and it. tan 
G erm an Shepherd-H usky. A p ­ prox. 2 yrs. Bock paw bos one 
•xtra long toenail. Lost Trinity 
U nivorslty Area, Sun. Fob. 2o 
Coll 734-4418 or 923-4541. 

Massey Ferguson I N and Ford 
8N tractors. 333 9242. 
* " Mayors Pump I hp NO' with 2" pipe and rods, cylinder. 5 hp Sub­ mergible 3oo' No. 4 Submergible 
Wire. 3 hp Submergible with I ’A " pipe. *84-24o3.__________________ 
19*7 M in ne ap olis M olino L P G 
Tractor, 73 h p., exc. cond. *424o. 
I* ft Tandem Axle Cattle Trailer, new tire*, new paint, aloe. brakes 
*895. *54-4411. 
_____________ 
Minneapolis Molino, good paint, reodv to go. First *7o* cash. 
*33-2*oo. 
___________ 
New and Used Form Equipment 
D IE T Z TRAC TO R CO. 
1-379 1945 or 658 1288 
522 I MIB, Seguin 

R E W A R D 51oo 
F o r m ale K ae sh ou nd , black- gray white, 5 mot. old, lost near 
Pleasanton So. Floras. F A M IL Y 
M ISS E S H IM ! 533-2o91 
*5o R E W A R D for return of solid chrome case TV. Handle on top folds down. Controls in tower rf. 
T S # corner. 732 *52o 
R E W A R D FOR R E T U R N OF ST. 
B ER N A R D . 734-o853 
R E W A R D for soeing-eye dog— for the blind, german sheoard, tan black spots, onswors to tnt name 
Of “Heidi" 532 5511 534-8871. 
R EW A R D ! Handsome reward tor return of Qaid Rolax watch. An incredible amount of sentimental value. P lta se coll *9o-8434, or 
*9o-o894 anytime 

R O C K P IC K E R , hydraulic con trot lift. 23o1 Nobotrtos, 534-4711 

S H R E D D E R 
Ford 7 ft 3 pl hookup, now cond. 
*475. *95-921o. 
_____________ 
S T E E L B U IL D IN G S , F o rm , 
R anch Equip. H ay and H orse 
Barns. Ptpe Pons. 337-*931 days or n i t s * . ___________________ 

T H E T O R G E R S O N C O . 
739 stoves 
533-5145 

R E W A R D ) Sm all dork-b row n 
Chihuahua, light brow n m ark 
Rebel". Lost Shan- ingt. Homed ondoah area 
696-o891 
3-1o-77 . 226-7683 

REWARD LOSI Dee SIDO for information leading to return ol m ole D o b e rm a n P in sc h e r named “ E le s t a r ” , IV ty rs old. 
Vary big. Black with tan m ark­ ings and trimmed ears. Wearing leather collar and rabies tag 
M issing since Sun Feb. 19 in OI mos Park Area. Call 824-4191 or 
822-o8*2_____________________ 

T O W N E R M oboard H yd ra u lic 
Roll over 3 bottom plow, 3 pf hoo­ kup *45o. *95 9218 

 broken, 824-5298, 735 1718 
Precious AKC Reg. Male Pottier onion Pups, 337 SOM; No checks. 
Re*. American P<» Bull Terriers 
*5o- up. 333-o827.__________ 
English Setters, tit. 

U SED 4ooo F O R D and U S E D 5ooo 
F O R D T R A C T O R S . E W A L D 
F O R D T R A C T O R S, IH IO, Hwy 
44, Seguin, Tx I 379-4591________ 
Wanted Used Disc Harrow, 3 at hook unreason ab le 922-3944. _ 

Lines. le g ! 
*75 826 7788 
_________________ 
R<:*g T reeing W alker Hounds, well started on Coon and Cat. 
Atter 8 p.m. 1-947-3311. 
S IB E R IA N H U S K IE * 12 w ks reg, female. P are n ts pointed. 
*15o. 681-3872 
Silver boodle Puooy, lent, Intern’l 
Ch. Line. 341-79*4. 
S P R IN G E R S P A N IE L P U P S 
Ch. at Stud • 494-3892 
T R O P IC A L FISH 
(Trem endous Selection at D is ­ count Prices) 

58 g. (48x13) Aquarium 
Complete w-stand. *149.JO. 

Before Yoe Boy— 
VISIT DACBERT’S 
WEEK - PRICES SLASHED 

.......................... 1 o % O ff 
S1**~~JU*kb4 lo SSM tiff... KeAkM ta S119S 

M Knobs Piano* 
Sear Kimball TThttrwy 
Kimball model 3oo 

O rgans A Pianos 
DACBER 

■ 
I C P m e r N w w N a r f i eU t a S t e r e a n d S n a q 
S U 
S W 
A L Z E L R D . - 6 5 4 - 6 6 6 1 dPML^I ig - -aA. —. JL|_ Bjaaputin Se# fag ai 
Suches «P(pNww^YANN«Pkp 
RY 
1 4 oo N iB u lh o i - 113-61 S I 

I Bucyrus Erie Model Jal Grilling 
Machine, Water or Oil, *$*-21o1 or 
4SI-422o. c i i e ' ( i n T f i 5t o r a c i e r - loader- b a c k h o e s *11,25o to 
S I I,SN . Case 197S *8o tractor loader backhoe *22,ON (Corpus 
Christi) Gallon 1954 T S N motor grader *3,5oo Call Tom McCabe 
923-43*3 G ira rd M a c h in e ry A 
Supply 
342o 
Roosevelt, 
San 
Antonia 
CAT 977 L O A D E R sa SOO 
Conroe Lofco (1)935-2117 
DAl/lS Model M o trencher wifit oft sot attachments *215o. Inter­ n atio nal M o d e l 3444 T ra c to r 
Loader Backhoe in axe. cond. 
$595o 
T H E T O R G ER SO N CO. 
533-5145, n/t BHIV N 
D4D Cot Dulldoier. A-! condylion. 
512 5*4 313*. atter 7pm to I f t H W I I 'S h '" 18~hp, < 15oo or best offer *81 31*9 
O ragiin c for sale T foavy Duty 
Bucyrus M B. Like new. only ION hours. *8' Boom, Pa yord bucket, 
Coll: 1-71*48* 4484 

M IM M 

PDE 
AMERICAN ANTIQUE AUCTION 
J A J AUCTION 
Canoe al M i ani Cirarasn*. Cwsi t w , IX. 
Sat., Mar. IS — 7:oo P J L 
Sm u , M ar I X - I JO P J L a l - - I - Sji 
U. Braws e Adits r ll es ess. 
■BHHMPWPfwfg 
Over SSO.OW «f extra N m Amnicon ton,to oak, Walnut ond Mahogany 
Oak hon trees with kngt tens hoods ©od don feel; highly comte 
Mahogany tai bee auh don feet end Grifton, Curio catenets, I liquet cabinets, * cutvto gloss crime cebmots, dontooi round tables n ib leaves, bouquet table rath lien heads end It leaves, stocked bookies**; (evolving booklores. Oak and MRN» 'oil lop desks, library table mth don feel, batton end lions bends, tots el choirs, rockers, pone chons, pork benches, barbet ebons, per mirrors, calender ate brichen decks, dental cornets, 
Non m ftoriberry tut gloss table lamp. Old I rtf any type table lamps, 7o na. of eW cut gloss and much much more. 
A wctta w r t J o c k to A v o n 
U A — 
A T I - 1 1 7 7 m ite-77 -OJ28 
1 1 4 — 
1 7 4 4 1 4 1 
E 

FORKLIFTS 
A L L S IZ E S A L L T Y P E S 
Brouboch Equipment, 73*-1*59 
2 GOOSENECKS 
I- m s , 24 lf Shop built 4 axle, dove tail, Hee wench, lilt bed, ramps 
*2258. I IS It Shop built tandem axle with ramps *125o *95-9218 
G U N lffc m achine for building swimming pools *55o8. Garbage disposal truck *42oo S N Casa tractor *45oo; with * yard hy draulic scraper S3o9o Back boe 
*5oo8. A ir C ond itioned O ffice 
Building SHOO. Colt 224 *4*1 or 
Come by 29*2 E. Houston 
' t, to lock drive impact. Call after 
«, 82* 3789 ____________ 

735-4851, 734-7738 
AKC * yr German Shephard mal*" 
A n c e sto rs G e rm a n y - G ro n d 
Cham ps SISO His puppies SISO male, females S IN Box 275 En ­ cinal, Tx 78o19 512-988-5328. 
A K U I 
G up pies, 
*1 o o -tisl. 
*54-1517. Keep Calling 

166 PERSONALS 
TndTvlduaravaHaNrMseoIriTTTo^ sition : p e rso n a l, b u sin e ss, property. Available 5pm-*:3oam 
O N L Y . 
T H E 
V E R Y 
B E S T 
R E F E R E N C E S . 
Fee expenses. 
492 1937 
Young Arf student needs financial assistance. Please write A. Cos tilio-Viera. P O Box 1219o, San 
Antonio, Tx. 78212. 
Young single mate has 4 2-1 house to share with responsible person with or without child. T-Bird Vil­ lage area 432-384*. 

R E W A R D Lost Small Doe Mixed 
Chihuahua, Miniature Pinscher, 
Camelot ll area, Ant. to Pancho. 
Conor, Robbie Shot 654-o236 
*5o Reward. Lost in Park Village. 
B la c k ond s ilv e r 
G e rm an 
Shepherd puppy. *53-9757 atter 5. 

INVITATION FOR BIDS 

Sealed proposals for Chaparral Street 
Area - Utilities", consisting of the in­ stallation of water maim ond services in various streets rn southern Ake, addressed to th* Urban lenewol 
Agency af the City of Ake, will be received at th* office of th* Urban 
Renewal Agency of th* City of (Uke, 68 
South Wright St., Ake, Texas until 

2:oo PJR. Friday, April I, 1o77 

 ond then publicly opened ond rote aloud, tot furnishing all tabor, mole na! ond equipment ond perform mg oH work requite far th* con straction of th* utility improvements located in the Qty of Alk*, Texas. 

Attention is coiled to th* fort that not leu then the minimum solo nits and wages as set forth in th* Contract 
Documents must be pox) on this pro lect, ond that (he Centroctor must ensure (hot employees ond applicants for employment or* not discriminated against because of their race, creed, color, sex, or national origin 

Eoch Proposed must be accompanied by a certified or cashier s check or on approved bidder s bond, for th* sum of five pattern of the amount of th* maximum total bid os o guarantee that, if awarded the controd, th* bid­ der will promptly enter into a contract execute a bond on the forms pro os outlined in th* contract documents. 
Certified or cashiers checks must be payable to the Urban 
Renewal Agency at the City of Alk*. 

A performance Bond in on amount of not leu them on* hundred (1oo%) percent of th* contract pace con­ ditioned upon the faithful per­ formance of the contract ond upon payment of oH persons supplying tabor or furnishing materials, will be re­ quired. 

Plans, specifications, ond bidding documents may be obtained from th* offke of the Urbon Renewal Agency of th* City of Ake or the offke of Cepter 
A 
Sugars, 
Inc, 
Engineers, 
642o 
NiUaon, Suit* 716, Houston, Texas, on of 
Twenty Five 
(S25 OO) 

BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES a 

Y O U R O P P O R T U N I T Y 

■ m r c o r a S M * 
Oro** over SOS,OOO yr., tab* mw*, center, peen 
Meting 
*6.ooo On. 
MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
N'ttee, tent* SO, nice fixture*. 
Oro** *85,ooo yr. *o5oo On. 
RIM MEXICAN RESTAURANT 
Owner 12 yr*., Ore** *12o,ooo. 
Net* *27 OOO yr. Oeod perking. 
*35,ooo. Terrra- 
POIYGCAPMNG A INVESTIGATION 
Top accounts. WIK teeth new owner. 
N on 
*2o,ooo yr. 
*15.ooo dr. 
HST W OK O W S T O N 
Abe to ge. Owner IO yr*. Alway. busy. runts *14,ooo yr, *1 2,ooo. 
PLUSH RESTAURANT NORTHEAST with mix (sci drink lounge, grow­ ing *4o,ooo nse. short hr*., good loose, teem 13o. *65,ooo tot. 
CLEAN DAIRY KREIM excellent perk tag. Lead* et eqpt-> moneymaker. *85oo. Term*. 

DAIRY QUEEN rte ess. Soot* SO. 
Net* *15.ooo yr. 
N*Sid*. recd 
O e e ^ k -te l"* 

RUST UoUoR STORE 

J t V o c T m J T S S W 

BUSY NORTHS!DI RESTAURANT 
Mixed drink*. Soot* 12o. Oro** 
*18o,ooo. toot* 
*4o,ooo yr. 
*3 o JOO On. 
LARGE WSVWASMATHBA 

 s s . i . y s b ' j n s B a t " " 
X I M O O M H C .SION I SUSW t! 
Too toot. ie** ck ant* to. Sri. 13 
,n . hCte *1 o *o o yr. *5,ooo de. 
SEVERAL M IX® DRINK CLUBS 
MI, reel mosser makers., fixtures, good perking. 

EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SALON 
Mi, S operators, gross *55,ooo. 
H e t/ | ?M > o o yr., good 

 f t g , C j a c & t r d j y i v 
C o : 

735-9 458 
2 oo3 N. M A IN 
7 3 5 -8 6 1 1 

512 INST!M 
L M 
512 - INSTRUCTIONS 

NEW CLASS N O W FO R M IN G 
“APPROVED FOR VETERANS” 
• C.B. RADIO REPAIR 
• RADIO-T.V. REPAIR 
• rn PVI SION TECH. OPERATOR 
• RADIO BROADCAST-LICENSING 
• RADIO OPERATOR (f .CC., I Bt CLASS) 
For Information 
CAIL-W RITE ON VISIT 

E L K IN S IN S T IT U T E 
223-1848 
5o3 S. Main 
San Antonio, Tx. 

DoE C 
MI, which sum so deposit refunded, provided: ll) All 

*25 R EW A R D : m al* white terrier with black spot*. Pink U valde tog*. Lost vicinity M cCullough and Hornet. March 2. "J e rry " Is pun shy and vary nervous. Phone 
822 1972. or 
Uvalde 
Collect 
278-3878.________________________ 

REWARD 
M al* Brittany Spaniel, white and rust named “ Yam b o". *$*-7386 
828-8444 ext. 251 
W E 'V E M O V E D ! Lost gray cat with whit* on oaws and toe*. 
684-531*________________________ 

11o - SPECIAL NOTICES 

1o7 BUSINESS PERSONALS 

 lo g set-up Ready tor fish *8.88. 
F IN T IQ U E 
781 West Avenue 
TW O A K C R egistered Fem ole 
Doberman paps. 5 wks old Large bones. One blue and rust: O n* block and rust Austin. 1-92*-*5S1 
U K C Reg. A m e ric a n E s k im o 
Puppies, Pure Whit* *1oo 342 o657 uke t o y f o x 't i r E i 'e 'B s 
A KC C H IH U A H U A S * 661 38o7 
W ANT AN AKC D O G ? 
I S.A. Dog Brooders Referral Ser­ vice will put you in touch with a n e arb y rep u tab le b re e d e r. 
494 7787, *73-46o3.______________ 
Watchdogs. I urge B ird Dogs lo 
PHM. your home. 

A ll SEVERELY PHOTO 

Studio NegattvesSale 
F orm eroly atta. M ain St. Call 
L a u ra at 674-222o or H a rr y 
224 *4*1 tor further information. 
A N F W M A SSAG e T O C A T T5IT outside city, open 7 days til 2am 
Prof. m asseuses. 1223o IH S* N betwwen O'Conner A Judson Rds 
C A LL B R ^ E M iss 3* 22 35, for the 
M assage of Y our Life! P A R IS 
HUBB, Open 1o.3oam to 4pm 
492-2994. call c i n e m w b t hat 
A IN 'T SCOTCH! 492 2994 

D O U B L E 
Y O U R 
M O N E Y 
IN 9o D A Y S 
It you have *25oo or more, we can put th* right peopto in touch with you It s possible to double, even triple, your money in 9o days 
Legal, confidential Get en our list. Colt now T O L L -F R E E 
8oo-824-512o 
A sk F o r O p e ra to r 156A 

TO p ua VOW AO CAU Ms. MOOKE 225-1666 

E n la rge Y o u r C ircle ot Single 
Friends Join 
S U B U R B A N S IN ­ 
G L E D A T IN G S E R V IC E . W rit* 
8451 Micboll* Way San Antonio. 
TX 78239 
________ 
Escorts, guided Tours Inferno tional Escort and Tour Agency 
1o8o2 Mc Cullough, MI-8525. 
E v i R " H o ;*' o'"S witeh' Massage" 
Coll Cormen tor De'u 'S. 492 2994 
FOR H E L P with an unwed preg nancy, call Edna Gtedney Home, 
FL Worth, T X 1-8o8-792 11o4 
F O x 7 T X 5 V E sc'o r n . r v l c e 
734 8251, 732-11*1 Tokyo Houso 
4218 Blanco 

 w _______________ 
A F AU TS FU I Q u o o n llie Soto 
Bed. I matching chairs, cocktail table and end tables. HOS Velvet couch. *186 Love Soot *75 Charrs 
*58 A sa r in ! colors Chrome and 
Glass Tobies (IS. coch All Woad b e d roo m sets, D ine ttes. Can 
Deliver SM IT H C O N ST RU C T IO N 
388-4127. b i r e m e l e i H over (J U T 
C » im*4* hr Hoe stat Furniture Will 
T rude tor Squat Vatu*. Alt ar 
Some Cm Denver SM IT H CO N­ 
S T R U C T S 389-4127. tolU>L'A Y f g Turn,tor* 8 r o y m 
Lane. 8 os vert W rto ThomasvtUg and other name brand* A va noble at S M IT H C O H S T R U C T IO N 
P M M Come Make an Otter an ON cr one tenon- 3*8-4127 
E A R l V American 4*dre#ro Sci inc lune* Triple Dresser, Hutch, 
AMT mr. Chest torah! Stand Bed and Font antra* sa so Oiseiuveo 
Only Can Deliver S M IT H C O N ­ 
STR U C TIO N 348-4127 rn H i k T T T? m " b rltr.;; . Jic V ii r r 
O II* Mattress 2 Box son n e t in 
Foundation. S7I. Stilt ut Original ro t KUO* other Sties Cest Less 
Can Dibvor SM IT H CO HSTRU C 
▼IO N 348-41Z7__________________ 
KnrotkiiTs Downtown T V Iff basement Now used turnitum 
SJI E C urn mar co, 33181*1 
L A C K '* Discount Warehouse 

 lit COINS I JEWELRY 

Individual wants silver coins, in­ dian head and Whoa! pennies 
Express-New * Box 7*78. Please 
91,e telephone number. 
Will Buy Liver land Other) torii*. any am ount or condition. Also need weapons new or aid. Cost 
Sid* Pawn, t ill South W W Whit* 
Wd, 
________ __ 

3 JOHN DEERE 

TRAC LOADERS 
I - J.D Model 4te with 271 Detroit 
Diesel, t yd bucket with ripper 
S U S I. I - J O M o d e l 2818, * cylinder, gas engine I yd bucko! 
*375o. I - J O Model 181o with 4 cylinder, D iesel engine *42*8. 
These machines ora in good cond 
685-8211 
CeolhercrolTW s e r o n « l ' Kol<kr"s plus 3 sues alphabet stamps Like new 52o8 734 97o3 
I in coin w elder 7V>oom p. *a sohne driven. 15oft leads, traitor, like new. used toss than 58 hrs 
51788, 1o8* S. Fiores, 224-1384. i ((atom : rti.ig, mach Toll tree 
I IOO 528 *858 ext loot 

A -H A LE T R A IL E R S 
Horse Stork and Gooseneck 
New ond Used, tor Sate or Rent 
Also toad Borrel* with Lids 
S L IM P O IL CO Oft IH 17 
513-5151 
484 
Carolina nit** 
____________ >44-7215 
_________ 
ALL 6 6 1 4 . 4 horses plus 2 horse traitor. *84-48**. 
A M E f a ia it C A M b K E {o d I E t 7 
O P E N H O R SE SHOW 
Morch IS, 18 and 2oth March 18 starting 7 p m all raoing events 
Judging events starting I o rn on 
Sat Mar 18th. Judges M r Mike 
Hughes of Dadas. Tx and Mr. Gill 
Sw itzer of G u ll Port, M iss. 7 
Trophy Saddles to high point win­ ner in each age group. High Point 
Winner of Show a 2 horse trailer courtesy at sum p Oil Co and Hole 
Traitor Co All proceed* going to the A m erican Cancer Society. 
Bexar Co. Sheriffs Mounted Posse 
Arena ISI I at Foster Road. For 
Into 337-3718. 
AO HA lyr old Fitly. J bar an d ie * bloodline. Gantt* and Greenbrok* 
MOO *35 8388 i o S T r s i m r n y i r e 
Calves MO SUO 972-8449 

$ 1 1 o 7 , 
HARRIS WESTERN CENTBt 
I-7 7 2 -3 6 3 4 
622-93oo 

FREE 

WATERBEDS 

EXOTIC 

MASSAGES 
Given by th* Fox lost Girls in 
Antonio Best place to Relax and 
Unwind. “Feel Bettor Fast" Out side City Lim its Open 1o:3o to 
3am Big Discounts! North Side 
P A R IS-R U B B , 492-2994__________ 

M O O D 
? DONATIONS? 
BLOOD - PLASMA 
SERVICES O f 
SA N A N T O N IO 
N O W 
OPEN 
ACROSS FROM 
MUNICIPAL AUDITORIUM 
AT 
112 AUDITORIUM CIR. 
M on.-fvi SHW M E -4 o o P J L 
CLOSED SAT. A SUN. 
S P A ID DONATIONS $ 
ONLY 

A U D IT O R IU M 
A ir conditioned (cr w eddings, receptions, dances, etc. Holds up to 45o people. G re a te r S A 
Builder Assoc. 8925 N W, lH-1o 
*9*-388# 
_____ 
________ 

 ed will be refunded, provided: document* ore returned rn good con dition to lh* Urbon Renewal Aqrncy af the Qty of Ake or ta Cotter * Burgest, 
Inc, not kiter (ban 48 hours ofter the time for receiving bid*; or (2) the Con­ tractor subnuh a bid ond all docu­ ments ore returned in good condition not tater then five (5) days ofter th# i time that bids ore received 

Bidden should carefully exomtne the plans, specifications ond other documents, visit the Ute of th* work, and fully inform themsieves os ta oil conditions and molten which con be in ony way affect the work or the costs thereof Should a Bidder find discrepancies in, or omnvssiom from, the pions, specif tea boos, or other documents or should he be in doubt os to their meaning he should ai once notify th# engineer ond obtain clarification bid. 

SOI BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

 prior to submitting ony 

Th* Urbon Renewal Agency of the City of Akee reserves the right to refed any or all bids and waive any or ok ir­ regularities Mo bid may be withdrawn until the (ippot>on of forty-fhr# (45) doys from the date bids ar* opened 

IM A N RoKW AI AGI NCT 
ALKi, TIX AS 
By Fteei I Rodriguez. 
IgeLectnuR'ft f xrarntiuo Fla m it.,. 
A—talt»M*Y BAi^EvTTvw u^Wgr%elPw 

C O U N T R Y L IV IN G 
L U M B E R 
M IL L 
A N D 
W A R EH O U SE 
A pprox. *o6o sq.ft..downtown 
CostorvHle *2o,ooo. Owner will finance 
Call 
Huntar Schuable 
68117)4 
Experts Say home values to clou’ bl* in S yrs Get on the Capital 
G ains Bandw agon with Annual lax deductions V A -FH A equities a v a ila b le for q u ality R e n tal 
P ro p e rtie s. A ssu m e w ithout qualifying- Call Stanford Smith 
349 1663 ar *81-o6*o. 
F R A H d M i5 e “ & 6 p 6 R t u * ii+ 7 ! 
Sell Giobemaster Hand Toots and 
Sporting Goods to established re­ tail accounts. Protected territory. 
A late model step von ar similar truck and a m oderate 4 figure in vestm en t for in v e n to ry is required No franchise tea: Con­ tact 
Mr.Kelly, coifed, 
(713)4*4 7411 
G RO W ING B E A U T Y SHO # 
Good area on West Ave *9*oo buys all supplies and fixtures. 
San Antonin Real Estate 
3231 Wist Ann 
349-6531 

 v sub fo m e n tmvtSTMBiis 
* 
E o rn ^ n c k m id e rsie i^ ie e c i 
*1o,o88 operating cost new business o12)87? 76o4 ofter SPM 

512- INSTRUCTIONS 

A ' Aauaer deans clogged drains and sawers pest plumbing repair too O n* colt does it ail, prices befor* we start. Sevan d ays a week Coll onyttma 341-4124 or to* white pages tor A Aouger 
Almost F ro* Transportation 
To CtevetaRd, Haw York, Denver. 
D C . Philidaiphio Can 224 2^71 
ART LESSONS 
Paintin*. drawing, any medium 
Still life, landscape, portrait. 
B e g in n e rs and ad vanced students Details Harman de Ja- 
_____________________ 
BARBERS 
B A R B E R B O A R D will meat Su n ­ day Feb 27 at 2pm Lew is Barber 
College 62o8 5 Flores. 924-388o 

FOR RENT 
H ourly ar dally A uditoriu m and 
Forty room beautiful North Sid * 
Location, great tar m usic, clubs, p a rtie s , w e d d in g r e c e p t io n s , m e e tin g s af a il k in d s . C a ll 
San 
J48-4J38. N e o r N o rth Sta r and 
3o 
' Control P a rk Mall. 

6 . L 

H A V D elivered 
I *85 3341, i-997 37*7 
H A Y F O R S A L E . H e g a r l *ooo bales 
1-449 135*. 
I-449-1591, 
1-449-5721._________ 
H A Y F O R S A L E C o a s t a l a n d 
John sort G ras*. 428-1o*9 

SPECIAL 
M ost M a s s a * * * i Price! I Opm to tam The L o t* Nit# P lace lo be this 
WOOfc! 
P A R IS -R U B B . 
492 2994 

Jiffy P re st instant Printing 
A toil service print shop near you 
IOO* M cCullough 6211 San Pedro 
17o1 SW M ilitary Or 
42o9 F re d e rick sb u rg R d 
21* E. R hapsody at Son Pad re 

HEY 

HEY 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
W edding debuts 
All occasions 
5 3 1 - 9 5 6 1 _________________ 

SH N m Mexico Colorado 
Charter your own flight *175 pgr person round trip (p orty ai 6). 
Far details, coil ( i l l ) 866 3471 
Tap cash paid far your aid new soap ers and corrugated 111 Ca- 

T SroT s 
John D e a r* Double T aal B a r, 4 
; rolvo A P C O F A P E R ST O C K 
Row P la n ta r. C o n tin e n ta l R # d 
V ® * ! o 
_ N W t.A J N B f To 
T D . ' V . J z e m j e d c c a c' 

§21 CAIBA PNflTN EQWP 

ROAD GRADER 
A llis 
C h a lm e r s 
A O I l l ft 
M o b o a rd 171 D etroit D ie se l en 
Btee Goad Cand M158 491-93ll 

B A R K E R S U P P L Y 
' l l ' >ao import barb ....... *15.85 
1 *V» It dom estic tee post ... *1.88 
I I 'x ar I ' ) Staples Soto Box *19 *o j 42' twist stays par IOO 
SIS.9S 
I k. 
P V C pip* aer IOO ft. .. 
*8 *8 
I I M I S E MIM tory D r 333-4o41 b re i -1 Y o u r M .,• * to fit* G re a f 
Palom ino StaKian M r Perfection 
F ra n k 
M cCteran. 
124-2349, 
824-18*3 b r ig h t J o h n so n G r a s s H o t in 

R aw P la n te r, C o n tin e n ta l R a d 
Seal Irrigation P um p Bath Goad 
Condition 484-J;l o, Path. 
Johnson b ra ss ond coastal m ix. 
SI M bota IOO boles, arter 7pm, 
*51-4218__________________________ 
Leopard Appaloosa Stud Sdrvlco 
*7*. I VOS. 434-7 M I 

Cannon TX with i m y ond o n e s tortes S IM 494 IM I t u b m in io f'u r'e T 
M lin a lta s p y vatic exposure motor, fuit sot at tan m s . fitter M i. a n d c u b * g u n *158 total valu e m ust tac rin e * *88 or reasonable la K r . B s w s . 
V A S H IC A I) m m wifh tiasn urn; 

 r n a m t A i i K T i a M H W 

X c * « r j ir T M n t a r a ^ tee. en# b o ra 
G ood con dition. 
* M *853 otter * o8pm b A L D w ita 6 #(T a n ' 

Sch ram m m odal *o air cam pres t o r 
E n g in e d riw e n , t r a ile r m e u n te d 
1178 C F M . S4S8- 
73 
Chevrolet 1 1 ton. Io n * wheel base 
Custom Cab. ra d io hooter, air conditioner. new rises 
I *f73b-823-*4l*________________ 
JO SelrT'oad.n* ^ l 6 X V . Y * nd om rolling rail P ip *. 
Lek*, 1-935 2117 
*15*o C a n yo n 

U sed Furniture i 
I Appliances 

M R ) 

C E IT C H IT T P 1 IH 6 CB.------ toe Tune Lim it on R unto Is 
Rental Par enate Plan i m W W oodlaw n 
738-8817 I 
FTCo *1o string and giB ite t p B B P 

S E L M A M A N L I F T 
So h Propelled M odel M 2 4L R . 8*8 
; lh capotitv excellent cond 5425o 
*95-8211 
W A l i f e P l e d fo r* "lla t l o b 
Dum p 
With or without truck 
♦9**464 
W o y n # a ir c o m p r e s s o r m o to r - 
I ta n k , 
J P - 7 1 . H P -1 2 8 v -4 4 # 
I74oR PM . best aftor, 382-437*. 7* 
I Habg, 

E a rn *45 a tan 
J a c k M in n a y 
Quem ado t 7*7 ) 329 
Buii Rec! Angus. Quality Yearling. 
*315 824-4181; t-42* 4489 m 
T 
L i - d o o l s 
S h e e p a n a 
Horses tor tole 422-821* 
J 
I A f f i n e d l e e f iM o s f e r ' I 'uTT T 
*14-2488, *24-2872 aft I p m 

 o C u s til Berauda# 
Sprraem o and custom wark. atso chisel oio w ing a n d hay baiting 
I-741-8 4 Ii S ch um acher B ros 
Coostai Hay. fir y slack, neor IWP 
I taal 
B argain 
1-1*8-8873; 
I 742-1781. 
T r a X J t m F K - i B ? : 

L e L igh te d a re n g L a n g # rin g , board n o m *8 Ac. *53-3851 

Macdona Anchor Site 
E v e ry Vol l l Noon, Cottle, sheep, goats, h o rse s l l m i S W *. A 
Form R d H73, 7^u. dong, T x___ 
P a s tu re tor h e r s * * N o rth e a s t 
Coll 494 154i 
P ig s For Solo. 7 w ks old t i * each 
I *38-2714 
___________________ 
Pink Papered Prin ce H ank M a r * in foal lo G r a n d s o n of P r in c e 
Plaudit and Joker E O ther Otr and Appaloosa M a re s ond F ilii** 
Tag Btoadlm as 341 -8384 oft * g, rn 

G o” P A R S R U E B , 892 1894 
LYN ta s B b ir t E R H E A L T H 
_________ S A L O N 858-7888_________ 
M A S i E U i E W A N V c O U M *3oo 
W eekly 
E x p e rie n c e not n e c e s­ sary. 732 13*1. *318 B lan c*. Tokyo 
House 
Meet me noon lo tpm TV iffy. M eat m e tram to m to 2am . E d i* tor d rin k s and d a n c in g At the R e ­ sort, **43 Randolph B lvd between 
O Conner A Judson R d s bffM bf^ti 'T e’r r ' M o sso g e io n i e an e x a u isii* experience beyond description or im agm ahon Com e 
See M elon ie Peanut, Chris, Sara and Oat* 1138 Basse. 71* 515o 

T R A V E L E R S O V E R S E A S 
R E S ID E N C E 
Sp e c ai P e r s o n a l A lta ir* S o r- vicas. M oil Forw arding, Banking and Buy Assistance Etc. Johnson 
Service. Box 1I24S. Son Antoni*. 
Tx 78118 
____ 
U D R IV E O U R C A R S 
A N Y C IT Y S H A R K G A S 
N A T , IN C 

,78c Bu Sutherland Springs 
I *47-1379 
7 317o, 

*43 C O L IS E U M D R 
I i i 74*4 
L ig b iT b B 'b l t l i A N kln gsiie 'b T dream Sud* 7 mace c an Deiiyar. 
St7i 
SM IT H 
C O N ST RU C T IO N 
349-4137. 

I s iz e r , to ta lly k e y b o a rd , 8 c h u n n e l o u tp u ts strin g s, cotta*, ciavtchord. and piano * mo old Steve 134-4112 nay*. *88-8138 aft *.______________ 
S mmmrnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmiimmmuu jinn iii——raw 
- - - - - - hi 
_ m a 
I -- 
F e n d e r J o t I B o * s 7 ne * c o n d , 
T p ie c * dto»*«d, S 4 8 T * *-btec# t o t * a nd stand S33S888M t*4 
L ivin g roam . SU N .**. A tta r cd £^|4o r j } with ctree Cuod 
I cendtfted M B H k d T f l 
Hvm ftibnd o>gqn, \ l M se rie s/ ! k e y b o a rd , a u to m a tic rh y t h m 
S a c r if ic e af S H * * 
C a ll T e m 
938-846* or t i J dt. _____________ 

W E L D E R 
_____ 
Arc Welder General Electric 888 j u t Gonad pal yp h en ic I DfNt.-.BgrtaBteJm cgigRt Cbndi 

CORRUGATED (ROM i i * *5 per sa 

I • Pelted H ereford Cow Bred 
Simmentoi with half Sim m enfal 
Petted heifer coit al side and I • 
O pen half Sim m e n fa l P olle d heifer 18 mas All M io I-SIV 2Ifs 
RANCH F E N C IN G B Y B E N K E 
♦78-1*8* 

PRE INVENTORY 

GALE! 
A l P A R IS R u s t Blendes red heads, brunettes Prices slashed en aii Massages Open IO JOU rn to 
♦pm 492 2884 
R oom m al# needed to sita r* apartment? 344 1125 
I c I e n W T ? ----------------------- 

Reg 
• xc 
Appaloosa G elding roping horse Must Sell. *13-3838 

P R O F E S S IO N A L 
D A T IN G S E R V IC C 
Matchmaker Inc. 344 It ll 

 ll 8* Y E A R * 
ESC O RT S A L L O CCASIO N S 
Be one ar have one 
348-tllS 348-U3S 

111-LOOSE NOTICES 
L O N N IE IR V IN D A Y L IG H T 
LO O G E Ne 1388, AF A A M . 1*14 
B o ss* Rd Staled Com m Sat 
M ar ll, 1:3o P M. S P E A K E R 
B R O M A R IO N R. H O F F M A N 
"V O C A T IO N A L E D U IN TH E 
P U B L IC SC H O O L". E A Exam . work in PC Degree M em bers urged to offend Visitors welcome 
Leon Y M cM ab en , W M , Sid yioKtfieifl, Site 

BIDS WANTED 
1 Seeled lids addressed to the (tty 
Clerk, Qty Hall, San Antonio, texas will be received for Westwood Village 
Pool Impi oven wots, in accordance with pions ond specifications on lilt in the Office or James H. Acosta. 
Engineering Division, fourth Hoof of 
City Holt 
2 Th* bids shall be submitted rn duplicate, the envelope containing ony bid ie be endorsed es follows bid en Westwood Viitage fool bn pravemenfs A Thirty Dotter (DO OO) deposit will be required on each set of plans ond specifications. 
3. A Cashier s Check or bid bond parable ta the order el the City of 
San Antonio, Texas, in on omounl not tass than five per cant (S%) of the total bid, must accompany eoch bid rn o guarantee that if awardee the contract, th* successful bidder will promptly enter into a contract and execute a bond on th* standard forms provided, os outlined in lh* specifications and contract docu­ ments. 
4 bids will be resented m the Offke of the City Clerk until 7 OO PE., April 
$, 1977, ond then publicly opened ond read aloud, ony bids received after thai will be returned unopened 
S. A Performance lend, in an amount of net Jess than on* hundred per cent fMb%) af the centred pm*, conditioned m od lh* faithful performance of the confract and upon th* payment af ell persons sup­ plying taboc end furnishing mat*!tots, will be required A Poy merit loud, es requited by Art SIM, 
I C S Texas, must also be provided 
A. The successful tedder wdl bt re­ quired to execute th* standard con­ struction conn ort prepared ond sup 

GUEST RANCH 
445 Acres ond equipment tor suc­ cessful operation of on# of the finest resort ranches in Texos. 
E R N E S T SO ARD 
VARNER REALTY 
*58-4366 A N Y T IM E 
1 w a"n"t 'T &'~r 'e VTw f ~-------- 
Established old furniture and an­ tiques business tor sale will taka 
*17,ooo Cash tor entire stock On busy Hwy, in Seguin. 1-379-9o*8 doys, 379 5932 otter i 3o. 
Lounge tor rent. Furnished T i sd 
M o JA R Lounge, 17o1 5. Hack- berry St 224-778o 
LO U N G E on Pleasanton Rd Ful 
Iv equipped Priced to sell. 
914-4525 
H A SK IN S R E A L T Y 
L O U N G ! remodeled and compJe- tely furnished Pop lar and N 
Z a rta m o ra SI. A real m oney maker SI SO per month 224-1*14 or 828-4819 
_________ 

KEY 
PUNCH 

4 Short W eeks 

Other Training b u 
Computer Operations 
Competer Programming 
Mtdkai Assistant 
Medical Secretory 
Nona's Aid*/Orderly 

CoH 224-9286 

C B M 
Education Cantor 
1121 Navarro 

D A Y A N IT E C L A S S E S 
NEW C L A S S E S 
B E G IN M A R C H I4ttl 
Keypunch, Secretarial, Account 
Rig. Drafting and All Older Buta­ nes* Courses 
Vet Approved. Enroll Now. 
D U R H A M C O L L E G E 
IO* SAN P E D R O 
225 5481 
Finish High School ai lf ama 

MOTEL IN HILL COUNTRY 
S u c c e ssfu l M otel in the H ilt 
Country on US 281 for solo. 14 
Units, 4 apartm ents, ond 3 be­ droom office. On I full city black, air conditioned, TV in each unit 
Swimming pool and play ground with lots of oak ond elm tree* 29% 
Down. Owner will finance balonea at over 2o years. Joe Naai, 
1-833,49*4 
•O F F S E T T RTNYltaG BJsiness~Tpr rent or teas*. Fully eauiopod with new A B D ick ,1 *o C D P re s s, screened piafem okar.etc Will co n sid e r profit sh a rin g with qualified pressm an 
828-48*5 ar 
824-1*44 
Own Vo'uf"5 wn b asin *s*,r W h ig 
Auto Stores. 1*1o Coll Field Rd 
Wichita Fails, Tx (817)492 M io 

PUNT m f SIH SHOP 
N'C, Under *5,ooo Coll *55 4823 ar 
*55-5*84 
________ _ 

Diploma oworded For free bro­ chure, coft American School, toot fret: I-8o8-42I-S318. 

 h a l 'I ^ T r k a F A'S H E W " " 
1138 99th ST, Stinson Field 
834-8551 
Southwest School ofM edKoi" A v sistance. 224-229* HS Broadway 
Veteran inquiries Welcome 
TBUS Vocation! Sdtooi 
1813 S.Ftocos 
225 )253 

6o1 • PROFESSIONAL 

 plied by lh* City. 
7 Th* City iies*rves lh* right Ie r*|*rt ony ond aM teds and waive any tormaiihes 
I Dm it a proposed puMx works tonfrort, ond Article JlS9e, ICS. 
Texas es emended, requiring that net tass than th* prevailing wag* rot* for work el o simitar character ai rim loc dirty shall be paid al tabor un, vod ((iii:. (,(,() n (■. ti on ic amp aye 4 rn rise construction thereof shad be tombed with 
9 finn nnrtimmATinn b i 
(M n o Y M N T m om on this 
WOW 
Will lf K O O * to 
TO 
(O M IT WITH TW m StOfNTT 
IA It UTI VI OKOH NO 11246 TW 
IfOOtRIMMTS POt *o o 1 8 ) ANO 
CONTRACTORS DHOM IWS o8o(1 
Alf 
(JE FLAMED 
Rf 
TNI lf I CB ICA TIONS * 

6. V. JACKSON, rn. 
Qty Clarh 

PROFIT OPPORTUNITY 
Dunn A Bradstreet sa y s ‘Caln 
O p erated L a u n d ry ond D ry 
Cleaning Stores are one et two industries with lh* least failure 
•igures 
K w IC K W A S H cam op e rated laundry ond d ry cleaning lest stores for sole. 
WE H A V E choice laundry loco 
•ions in every pari el Son Antoni* ready to build now 
B A N K R A T E F IN A N C IN G 
For intermanon coil Bd Floyd 
5)2 *84 177) or v isit our w ar ehouse-showroom af *4o3 Jack- wood Son Antonie. Tx 78138 
Ford Commercial Soles Inc 
Th* World's Largest 
Speed Queen Distributoi figb iiir e g M T Guy b oce CCT tracts, lime pa*m en! plan, H ar­ vest machines and books averia b l* 
A rn o ld 's 
W arm 
F o rm inc ,44*7 Oriskany, San Antonia. 
TX 7*217 656-oo16 A nsw e ring torvicg 494-7331 
R E ^ b s i F s T c b ' MUS* saTTTKTs 
, month Low down povm enl No 
1 personal liability loan M obile home park in Kingsville, Tx. with 
1 cu rb s, peal, ro c.ro o m 
Good 
I co n d itio n — lust needs supervision. Can sider any trode 
1-593 588* i N i i A L t t V L iM 6 fc « r# "lT O ir 
Owner retiring, will train buyer 
, RO SSI R E A L T Y 
4*4-77*1 

HEMPHILL 
MCCOMBS FORD 
STARTING A CARCER? 
THINKING ABOUT A 
CAREER CHANGE? 
We need people who went M bt trained for o carot! in automobile iglu 
W I NIED HOW WHO: 
— Aggressor* end oafhmiastK 
— Need ta make targe tOCCHTMH ti 
- .-I r firtonrw in ifs ran 
*■' TWef IWlTHiraRf **» otebty Ie muted 

— lime no 

W I (MHR TO THOSE PEOPLE: 
— Group health ond Id* 
Inwronce programs 
— Selling took not Gradable of* 1 

— Guaranteed SISjSoO HUS per year d you folow our 

Apply * 
■OlTdklV rn person to lyon Gtowr 
Nigh fndoy J to S 

Or coH m B t n t e r 

TU It ta HEV.l a n d , building '. T T lu re s on d slo ck 
N e ig h b o rh o o d 
D rive in tocoled on M o to r hw y ond near h o u sin g developm ent. 
Bobbie Anderson. G R E IN C A M P 
B E L L 
R E A L T Y . S A 
*58 5131. 
1-378- UH._______________________ 
W A N t l 5 
R e sp o n sib le p e rso n w ith n e c e s s a iy e a u ip m a n t to operate C a lich e g ra v e l git. a p ­ p ro v e d fo r sta t# a n d fe d e r a l roods 
For oppt coil M r * R uby 
7*2 M il w e i u y 

128 m m m u m s 

R e g . A g e 
S tu d s e r v ic e . *5 *. 
BtOCk-WhHe Arter 4i*i>* *78 2o»£ 

11 on SFSU *85*218 

P L O W E R S L E R CO 
333-6171 
KTsTiT 

 ch au s, *9 95 UR. 

 flW C 8 h r W f lu U f f later cia ii*. Oetoroea i n t 

NRG * FRN88 
HS 
IM I I lf i i 1 CSXfl'W m g Witt trode qnyt) of YOfelMI in trci 

 soinaiJiH iraL 

P L A Y E R P I A N O S 
E D G A ID A S 
A U T O M A T IC M U S IC CO 
288* N F tor** 

932 MCI IQN SALL 
BV -7 T o ' g T Ia T IIT S i. l I T 1 ' 
B ra v e r Howell Ca, Auctioneer* 
Houston. Tx. 
TXG C-77-8IS4 i 
S A Office l i o n Wee D rive 
A i m Haw aii ( S it ) 4 SA H 3 8 

M-FMLTIV-ftABgUS Bd 

€am P M J* 5 * m a B ra 
Grass Colvas 822-8*48___________ 
(iusiarn Kaisd m ud# soddies ovei 
51 u se d s o d d ie s in s le e k . 
H u n d re d s af 1st a n d 2nd line 
I boats B and W Boat cmd Tack, to! 
S Guadalupe SI, San M arcos. Tx. 
I 1-393-4*7* 
# A i T ' a r e c lla n 'l K a r" low -ca'sT durable Sturdy Structures 
Cat! 
484-3311. 
K U M H a f t * ! , S fftC K ------- 
I A N D G O O S E N E C K T R A IL E R S 
S o le s . S e r v ic e . R e p a ir s , a n d 

 lo v in g U s ' 51 it eqe^. 'la g o s '. 
?s\n * . A n K ® *' nests, ceeps. teene rs fit 3174 
<» w " White R d ) 323 i* j i _ 
New Z e a lan d l e d 
D o e i and 
I’M 
| h u cks tar Sato M l -4o79 
' W T K T a n r l veil la s te r tu n n ie s 

K S T A B H B 8 4 E O 1 *o 4 
WE BU Y A S E L L 
_ d i a m o n d s b l a t h i n u m 
B O U ) 
SlteV B R _____ _______ l g * B / N W Jrliiiei fUU i t m T ‘ 

 lU bW ffl BR UM I f r . 
C M after 5, *53 17o1. 

 b k g Ates n a r o n m r m r pptKMi to buv-na time timM 

D o c b e r t s M u s ic P la z a 
14oo N O O A LIT O S 
221*151 
123* W A L Z E M RO 
654-6*4) 

J f W E I R V * f O R I N S U R A N C E 
A t , 
23* 1*3* 
P U M F O S E 5 A N O E S T A T E S m a l a m o P L A I A 

W IL L S A C R IF IC E * 
Take offer 
*8* 38)5 
Peavey t i l V e e sfiT rT m w o lf anta., 8 gftah, 5175 *i*-S8l3 

^ i f e - c o t w s i J n m i Y 

D * I3 E , * ,l n v * * ® S r O N S ^ ^ h 
M r*s le d rn bu yin g cran*, Item p*. lu lls pre*!*, OOM, F ran klin M ints, 
A is Cantett D r V egt 7i * 1979 

SAVE to 
OFF 
A LL B R A N D S 

D u c k lin g s and C o io itd C h ic k s 
735-8851; 734 3738 
Want 
Ads 

Fete* 2-HOfse Siond SI 187 
H A R R IS W E S T E R N C E N T E R 
832-9381_____________ 
1-773 M I * 
F E R T IL IZ E D C O A ST A T H A Y ” rn,r n * 
P er sate Jim Houston Assoc Sod die, like new I 357 8184 K a rrvitl* 
F o r Sat*~ N u b ia n M ilk G o a tf, auqkty bioudnnes 
Boerne 
12*83*43 
F e r Sula" I Tag G u g iiif^ ita Gen- he G ray B ra n m a a B u m . * y rs aud 
I y rs etd bath lightly used en 
R eg nerd Fertility Test gravid 
SS-lSM jjftwcf 
G oad P ie a s u re a ir N u rse Lin- ebacfc D u n 
E x o 
Rider vs ic iitelAZ*. 
___________ 
C A U 

 ie R C G 
B R A H M A N B U L L S 
Gantt# lf l l M as *33 88*1 
Keg. Patted Herefords, Butts far sure un oaes. IR M 
R e t O ff H orses, B re e d M a re s, 
Y e a rlin g s, 2 yr aids ana o ld tr 
Ta# Btoedlin#* Boerne 1-289-29)4, 
M adm o 15*9 7/41 
Rag. R a g * Horst, good tor begin leers 684 2822 B us * 7 7 74)7 
R U S S I A N 
H O O S , g u re b re tf, 
Bleed mu stock, tori gro w n and p ig* After * o rn 824-1728_______ 
Spirited I yr M a c k App m ara. 
MOO t s p riders only 348*4o4 
Stacke r C aw s, Sto ck e r H a lte rs and grass calve* 
*4 *- i9 )l, 
*4 *3 1 o 8 ________________ _________ i I* ' Tandem bulbed heavy dirty, r-»* w i l y ----------- fo u n t Saw s, O u ra c. I Ir a l ld r tram* 
Young 
Rousters 
S3. 
*47 1124 
I Y o u n g Sa w *, O u ra c 
! T ro lle r fram e 
Young 
R oaste r* 
S3, 
N B l i i A 
_ _ _ _ _ i 
Youth H o rs* Shuw A 'o s iu s c g C o ', , 
April 23 I am Junto: Senior Sod d ie s, b u c k le *. 
1 -7 *9 )9 *« , b 
I t-74* 3138, t-S*9-3*S). 
I ii yr Old A G H A H orse Shte tel sui*, Pother is G lary i e G ood Tap 
A A A m othti is p o n n o Leu Tap 
A A A v in a s* brake Call att *pm a r n u t ________________________ 
8 yr eld, big mule, rides, w a rks 

SINGLES 
A K R nos m em bers rn Son Antonia a re a E sta b lish e d , re sp e cta b le introduction club M ae i other sin cor# s in g le s lo c a lly. SIO OO in ­ troductory after. A K R Select Sin gtet, Box 8S71, C a rp u s Christi, Tx 
/M I). 

Single* ll to Y rs Dating 
By Matchmaker inc j lis t Jackson Keller Suit* las 
Executive Center M4 i m 
SP R IN G S P C C IA L >i Price Mas sage Free Sauna and whirlpool 
I 731 33*1 Tokyo House 4318 Blanca 
S U N D A Y S P E C IA L ) Half Price 
Massage (rem 12-8 Free Sauna 
732 3341 42)1 Blanco Rd_________ 
T R Y Our Sunday 118 S P E C IA L 
M A S SA G E ! CaM it! far ubnaint meal. wa wit! be busy item ta 
12pm P A R IS R U B E, 4t2-f994 

Sealed bid p ro p o sa ls wilt be received by rn* Board af Trustees af th* North East independent 
School District tor the following item* at lh# rime* shown 
V O L L E Y B A L L E Q U IP M E N T - 
2 OO PJA,, w ednesday, M a rc h 18, 
1977 
IN S T R U C T IO N A L S U P P L IE S - 
3 88 p m , Tuesday. Morch 29, 
1872 bid tanas may a* picked up prier to kid opening in the office af th* 
Director of Purchasing N E I S 
D , 19333 Broadway. Son Antonie, texos 

•seated bids will be received by the 
City Clark, City HaH, until I 99 
P NL, March 28, 1*77, ta tarnish lh# City al Son Antonio with Air 
Compressors as per bid farm M to# Purchasing Debarment: 
JOHN W BRO OKS, CPO 
Directer at Purchasing and Central $ uggjt 

124 LIBAL NOTICES 

Businesses and Inventories 
J KAH N A ASSOC 342ta822 

“Levo) Notice The state Board of 
Morticians will have a business meeting an Morch 14, 1877 at 9 OO 
A M , in toe Board Ortict, located at IS IS South interstate Nu 35, 
Austin, Texas Will hold Funeral 
Directors Examination en March ti, 1*77, Em balm ers Written Bx am ination an M a rc h I*, 1977, 
Em balm ers Oral and Practical 
E lamination an March 17, 1977 el the Srtephen F Austin Motet, 791 
Congress, Austin, Texas 
James W McCammon, 
Executive Secretor*" 

TO B E SO LO AT P U B L IC AUC 
TiON, 12*1 B a n te rs Boud. 197* 
Pontiac, 2 door. S e ria l Na 
3 J 5 7 M 4 P I4 3 5 7 I by P en tagon 
Federal Credit Union Sailer re­ serves rn* right to Ingest bid. 

WORMS 
We buy warms under contract 
Worm growers woaded 
SIJ *53-51*o 
W QRM E N T E R P R IS E S 

5o2 - BttSWESS OPPUfllNITIIS 
WANTED 
Exp e rien ced S r ! d yn am ic in dividual seeks business or active partnership in going OO aration in 
Son Antonie Austin area (Capital la invest) Will answer nil replies 
Write to W Koilm an SSO* Brood way, Suite 137, Son Antonia, T i 
Won r 'W ;H ' bV.F m T b Js(n 4*'iM'u7 m gcsto ta ta w ^ 

. C iv il toyotas*o r 
San Antonio, Texas 

 engineer tutti 4 or mer* years ex- geneau ta design ana/et cen ihuctien el se wag* kent mewl mort- at § sunder gened et pier my ii) enfh Pete or local government w wark deerfly relet sd ta rile ta- erion. mamtenence, retMdttirtarian and exponMon el towage treatment works 
Prier personal femdiarify writ) federal and stat* i «qu|r* merits for Ik* 
, — 
-- 
- v •- treatment bmnfvH ii 
Hy%t I i qualified cendtoat* tar 
Mur# rtgntrahan es *retew*n*i tngi atar rn Stow «f Texas Prefgrgnc* given to ^phewth who ere obeedy tognieiea frofessuinei 
Tngmeen ta 
Texos teigry oequtiubie excellent fringe benefits Send resume ie tex ms* tome Inw Jtathorny FO lax 
G ii [fbi j Lj 
Texas 712o9 
W H 
'.latten, ten Sn 

5D4 • MONFY TI LBND 
S^ T lB E S o T ^ vo B o S fT 'T jr'Z ra e d recievoMes Coll 3*9 »uus 
___ 

Seated bids will be received bv toe 
------------------- 
, Director of Business SerUte#* af 
I Women with M assas# ex# must Education Service Center Region relocate Ie V icto ria t i s * * Ie 
2o tor the p u rc h a se at P R I 
Si,98o per men to Send Resum e to Mr King. Box s ill, victoria, 

M i 
Bu - . 
OPPORTUNITY 

IB I U S T AIB W N I 

29 tar the p u rc b a sa af P R E 
S E R V E D G R A S S P R O G S A N D 
EA R T H W O R M S until I 99 p^n., 
March 39. 1*77 itemned dennis 

JNO mod 

Pound, Meta Siamese Cdf Savor ai 
Weens Aga affectional* Starer**! 
Argo *55-8852 
PO U ND Small Block Chihuahua 
Whit* Pace 33)9 Nantucket 
LO ST block female Lab rad or 
Retriever with R A F B rabies lag 
Answers to 
M an d y" Universal 
CHV vicinity R E W A R D ! 458-7415 
454 M49_________________________ 
Lost 
I couch cushion between 
Ever* Rd W*>J *» > 44# o689 
2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

947 I W I laiiffletxliw nn 942 - term mynilmeut SujipliCb 
B E D E L L T R A IL E R CO 1*74 ^ T T P e rS S ta ir^ T p a to tIto o k u i 
Class Oui Sot* en an Gooseneck 
Trailers IS I* Se Floret 336 41U 

- 
G with draw bor. excellent condi­ tion After *. 21* n i t 

 arg an lit* end available upon request in to* PurcnoSMB Office, in c N E LOOP 4)4 San Antonio 
Texas Ti/of 
June Portan, Purchasme Agent 

Used E lementary silt classroom furniture tram th# Nurlb Cast independent School District will be said by auction on Wednes days, February 33, March 2, », 16. and IX 1777 at 7 I! P M 
TMS sal* writ be handled bv toe 
Barnes Auction Cemaanv al their location a1 348) south Hackberry, 
San Antonia TM * Soto a open to 

BUSINESS iF r o n T T ^ n F W x T ro T fi c a terms, free delivery 824 5o83 f t PR O'b u g H TTrasioTnrsltod lo c a tio n * 
S m a ll in vestm en t required *74 3*44 
" — 
" T W N W 
* U L I ...... 
*599o. rani 1453 good nprthstde tor atren, i n General Krueger off 
47o3 Blanca A L SO 2999 sa ti 
141-8)14 or 342-8*33 
( f f i m f l L t z r c m j i n ,, e s * choile recotion on going money- m akin g b usin ess Goad lease. 
Priced to sen Call 655 1434 

COFFEL SHOP 
G r a s s in g ove r SIO #,OOO in medical building Send camalote resume to 
E X P R E S S N EW S BOX 4S41 
SAN A N TO N IO ,TX 71277 

 we 
NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Act** fttteMTipffH rn th#hi pc 
•s(tp*«N &t* that ^ ai tcicd wit! Ne L M im Hi# at ««#»i mJhmtl (tfUfWNfMjtnHi thtiQuic et %»§ w«i#h A# pb c 1 Nonet *$• ii 
<U$otfOnQi QwQtHiUPlOB 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES 
Ik# tee Ani ar., o Fnwde tmptoymertt 
Slim,aim* im a apt Cedi af titan 
Ie «*•<•> ell Us ft .ere rmpkiywienl amenty member-. wbscrdM tar «• it -notion ebout pnvere empieyrw-'i agent WY rn et ta," en iompu ms, ce* 
4 TER et i|e liner Ivsmen lereeb 

EQUITABLE 
TRUST COMPANY 
We saecwiile in the purchase pf 
•Chattel ar Real Estate Notes eptnoncrai Leaving 
•Factormy A t.aunt* Receivable 
. 
I Accountant needed with exp in 
IS H NbC bmg 
Swi Anlenw iUnd ac co u rtin g end budgets, 
N H O C A SH ** 
J send resume la P O Box )72s2 
BU T H A V E NO C R E D IT *” a W H Y S U T S n I V i'm o T e u n i 
Cat! Union Finance 223 4171 
13 „;r. Cash to ourehos# your rtt* estate >»tui ttryes 225 1475 s m a lL ' k M t e L d 'I'k !------ 
JUST P R O M IS E TO P A Y 
AAA (R E D IT 
1 Start.ny expanding'’in lan gib ii a cco u n ts re c e iv a b le cash a vaila b le tor these and ether m ont) net-os. Call 67) 6157 mw__ 
Starling expandiny Tnieligible acc o u n ts re c e iv o h i# co sh a vaila b le tar th e ** a n i ether i money na*#* Con *7)4457 n*w _ 

 business m an welt Cdd'tdtired seskmg warkmg partner to brio norm a busmuss CaM 4*8 JJM tor oui/' 
Career tejrtunity 
Houston 
J ut rn Bbs opening in Son Antoni* Pretor m arried with college degree Sta rtin g 
■alary up to ll 1,oo9 For aaa! coil 
E L M artin 734 42*7 loam 4pm 
Mon Tues, M arch tuffs and lith 
Equal 
Oauuriunrty 
Em yiaver i l l __________________ 

Page 
TO E 
San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S- 
----------- 1-------------- 

 r 
E M 
P L O Y M 
E N T 
I (JIT) 

POI PROFESSIONAL 
6o1 PROFESSIONAL 

Saturday March I 2 I 977 

6o2 SALES 
SALES 
6o2 SALES 
TP 

S O U T H W E S T T E X A S S T A T E 
U N IV E R S IT Y P O S IT IO N : 

T R A F F IC S A F E T Y C O O R D IN A T O R 
Duties Develop and od minister traffic sofety program in o 7 county urea 
Work with political subdivisions in accessing, implementing and monitoring comprehensive community traffic safety plan Develop educational advisory program ond provide long range plans in traffic safety Requirements 
Preference will be given to condiaote with a degree in Traffic Safety or Com munity Planning. Salary: $17,ooo-f, commensurate with qualifications Sub mil resume to: 
DR. O L. D O R SEY , D e a n 
School o f A p p lie d A rts 
SOUTHWEST TEXAS STATE UNIVERSITY 
Son M a rco s, Tx. 7 8 6 6 6 
(5 1 2 ) 2 4 5 -2 1 o 3 
Deadline: M a rc h 21 , 1 9 7 7 
SWTSU is an affirmative, action/equal opportunity employer 

ACUITY MEMKX TO SHV! 
AS INSTRUCTOR ANO CHAIRMAN 
D ep artm en t a f R e ad in g an d 

San A ntonio C o llag e 
Position open August 72, 1977, eleven month contract. Qualifications earned doctorate preferred, reading certifica­ tion or specialization, appropriate ex penance at college level. Duties: 
Teaching, diagnosing learning dis abilities, Administrative management 
Salary and Ronk: Commensurate with boora-approved, 
Faculty 
Solory 
Schedule Send letter of application, detailed vita, ond 3 recent references to: Truett L. Chance, Dean of College, 
'em 
San Antonio College, 133o Son Pedro 
Ave, SA, TX 78284 Deadline for ap plications is Aped I, 1977. 
Equal O pportun ity E m p lo y e r/ 
AHU m u t i v Action E m p lo y «r 

CH ILD CARE 
SPECIALIST will work in child mental health pain. Bachelor s degree in childhood, elementary, special education or closely related field Previous experience highly desirable Must be proficient in 
English Spanish 
Starting salary 

 progro early 

 tnglislt/ 
$8,292 a p p ly in parson 
M e x ic a n A m erican 
U nity Council 
2 3 o o W . Com m erce 
San A ntonio 7 8 2 o 7 affirmative action employer MZF 

HAVE YO U EVER THOUGHT 
ABOUT REAL ESTATE SALES? 
G et the Answ ers at 
NAYLOR REALTY 
CAREER NIGHT SEMINAR 
W ednesday, March 16, from 7 to 9 P.M. 
TURTLE C R E E K C O U N T R Y C L U B 
383o Parkdale 
Find out the answers to th ese im portant questions: it W h o should be in R eal E sta te S a le s ? 

★ W h a t are the c h a lle n g e s a n d re q u ire m e n ts? 

 it 
H o w lo n g d o e s it take to b e c o m e p ro d u c tiv e ? 

 it H o w are sale s p e o p le p a id ? 

★ C a n w om e n sell su c c e ssfu lly ? 

■Ar Is training im p o rta n t? 

★ 
H o w m uch m o n e y ca n I m a k e ? 
(Learn about our unique Commission Schedule) 

 it W h y som e fail w hile o th e rs succeed . 
★ H o w ca n I take a d v a n ta g e o f N a t io n a l T V a d ve rtisin g , n a tio n a l referral syste m s a n d n a tio n a l tra in in g c o u rse s o ffe re d b y 
NAYLOR REALTY GALLERY OF H O M ES? 
PLEASE CALL 6 5 6 -5 5 3 o FOR RESERVATIONS 
Refreshm ents Will Be Served. 
NAYLOR REALTY GALLERY 
OF HOMES 
Serving Son Antonio Since 1945 

QIU 

 r 
# 

 urriuc ii iiLtnibftL 
Diu- urriizC Bt bixniLAL 

( • • • • • • • • • • • • R N 

IMMEDIATE O PENIN G 
‘t i 
• 
• 
• 
I • 
COMMERCIAL LINES CLERK 
•A 

I 
• 
• 
(Rating and W riting) w 
• 
• rn 
STRUNK INSURANCE CO. 
• 
• I rn 
2 2 5 - 2 9 9 1 
• I 

 ii 

Experience Necessary 
9 

6 1 2 - m o i 
612 MEDICAL u y y g M j 

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE CLERK 

3-5 years experience 
Some payroll experience desired 
Paid benefits include: 
Vacation 
Sick Leave 
H olidays 
Educational Assistance 
Hospitalisation Insurance 

C a ll 6 8 4 - 2 3 1 o E x t. 2 9 1 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER 
A N D 
VILLA ROSA ANNEX 
Have immediate vancancies in the follow ing positions: 
S A N T A R O S A M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
G E N E R A L H O S P IT A L e RNS — 3-11 and 11-7 
• LVNS — 3-11 and 11 -7 
C H IL D R E N S H O S P IT A L 
• LVNS - 1 1 - 7 
RNS — 11-7 
• REGISTERED X - R A Y TECHNICIANS — 7-3 
(salary negotiable) 
V IL L A R O S A A N N E X 
• RNS — 3-11 and 11-7 
• LVNS — 3-11 and 11-7 
• EGG TECHNICIAN — Shift I 
• PSYCHIATRIC IV N 
Apply in Person 
PERSONNEL OFFICE 
Santa Rosa 
519 W . Houston St.; 228-3 343 
Villa Rosa Annex 
S I I 5 M edical Dr.; 2 28 -2 63 4 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

WANTED 
TRUCK DRIVERS 

A N O P E N 
LETTER 

THREE FACULTY 
OPENINGS: 
DIPT. 
OF 
BASIC 
COM­ 
MUNICATIONS AT U. Of SO. 
COLORADO FOR FAU 77. 
1) HEAD 
2) ASST PROfESSOR 
3) INSTRUCTOR 
Confact: learning Resources 
Center 
Attn: Ken Taylor 
UNIV. OF SOUTHERN 
COLORADO 
Pueblo, CO HOO! 

Mutt hove 3 years experience in long haul ond handling Oil Field 
Pipe Must relocate to Uvalde, 
Texas, (all: 

GENESCo INC. 
512-278-5666 
Equal Opportunity Employer 

Shorn* Personnel Service 
6327 Sovereign Dr 
Suite 14o. (512)349 354) 
TEACHERS! 

 r 

'< distressed about your present status. 
Please call me — if you can satisfactorily ex­ plain how your last job or two got away from you, I might be able to offer the best soles op­ portunity you ever in­ vestigated, and place you on our payroll by tomorrow. 
Must hove some past experience in direct selling. No out of town travel. 
Specializing Teacher placem ent 
S P E A R S P E R S O N N E L S R V 
7o7 Jockson-Keller 
878-1797 

6o2 SALES 

Call weekdays 
9 2 4 - 4 2 o 8 

L IB R A R IA N 

Master s Degree in Library 
Science from a school credited by the American 
Library Association. Special training 
Bibliotherapy desirable 
Salary $876 monthly. 

Contact Personnel Office 

S a n A n t o n io 
S ta te H o s p it a l 
5 3 2 -8 8 1 1 
Equal Opportunity 
Affirmative Action Employer 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

AIR CONDITIONER 
ENGINEER 
Oklahoma City Air Conditioning 
Manufoctunng has on immediate position open for a mechanical engineer experienced in Hermetic on conditioning design 
Fret erably small heat puma opera hon Excellent solory with future 
All raphes will be kept con­ fidential Please send resume to 
INTERNATIONAL 
ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. 
Sooo SW 7th sntf FT 
ORIA. OTY, OKU. 73125 
ATTN: Al BRAVERS 

Our continuing expansion has evened residential sales positions for career oriented persons with 
*r without experience Tour suc­ cess potential is thoroughly ex­ plored in our confidential in­ terviews 
((tensive in-house training program. 
(aH 
Bill 
McGinnis • Breekhellew Office 
494-7ASI or lorry Sograve - Son 
Pedro Office 824-o121. 

J rn f - I 
IATxxii 

SALESMAN 
-ESTIMATOR 
Well established local com requires in sellin estimating jobs trusses ond 

 pony, capable person ig ond f wood components 
Company cor ond oenefits 
Abilities will determine solory Resume recjues^eri 
P O Box, 
SAN ANTONIO, TX. 78216 

 k o s o u r & k & T W 
^ 

REALTORS SO YRS Of TRUST 

SALESMEN 
WANTED!! 

— NEW I USED 
CARS— 

* Must be experienced 
A Excellent Pay 
A Excellent Benefits 

DEVINE, FORD, 
INC. 
LA. Phone 
677-82oo 

H U M A N SERVICES 
S U P E R V IS O R for field mentol health program 
Bachelor s degree in social work, mentol health or closely related field with extensive experience in community mentol health, social services Strong supervisory od mtmstrohve skids Must be pro fluent in English Spanish Start mg solory $9,4oo a p p ly in p a rso n 
M a x ic a n A m arican 
Uniter Council 
2 3 o o W . C om m erce 
Son A ntonio 7 8 2 o 7 affirmative action employer M F 

C M T 
O I 
F L A T O N IA , 
It accepting applications tor the po aition of P o lice O ffice r P re fe r certif led, S a la ry open, Send R e ­ sum e with picture to J E B O Y D . 
P O B O X 
37 S, 
F L A T O N IA . 
T X 
78941. 
'Ci v i l 'fe'N6i»4E t h 
Civil Engineering Draftsm an 
C onsulting engineering firm has on opening tor o civil engineer ond a civil engineering draftsm an with a m inim um at 2vrs exp on s u b d iv isio n im p ro v e m e n ts and m unicipal protects S a la ry co m ­ m e n su ra te w ith a b ility P h o n e 
349 OIS! tor appt 
6 i A * C Y 6 * lo 

REAL 
ESTATE 
SALES 

I need J aggressive agents pi bi lingual, Tull tim* 
• 6o% Commissions Boid 
Excellent working conditions 
Plenty of leads 
YOU II MHU UKE USI 
SAN ANTONIO K A I {STATE 
Realtors-349-6531 
3 2 3 1 W IS T A V I. 

REAL ESTATE SAUS 
The led Carpet office on 
Nacogdoches Rd bos openings now for 3 professional soles people lf you ore interested in residential sales in the choice 
NE oreo ond hove of leos! I yr experience, coll now for con fuiential interview Excellent working environment 
(lint 
Oragoo 878 819$ 

 r id carpet 

PIX SHOES 

6H8 SECBETMMt 

 w v m m m 

Store Manager 
Cashiers A Stock 

• Assistant Manager 
• Sales Personnel 

Openings now available for San Antonio's newest Pi* Shoe 
Store on Wolzem Rd. across from Windsor Pork Mall. Ex­ cellent opportunity to join one of America s fastest growing shoe companies. Profit shoring, paid vocations ond medico! insurance available. 

WANTED: 
GIRL FRIDAY 
Beal estate soles and menage meat compony is now taking ap s jilicntions for secretory • girl iday Must be professional won- imp Icing term employment. Ex­ cellent opportunity for con tinuous advancement Must hove excellent skills typing, short hand, dictating equip, bookkeep ing ond more No clock welchers 

I 
Apply at Pix Shoe Stores 

■^73oo San Pedro 
694 S.W. Military 

 please Excellent salary range All inquiries confidential Must be time to start immediately 

Call Mrs. Watson 
225-4368 Monday 

FRONT DESK 
CLERK 

SANTA ROSA 
MEDICAL CENTER 

M u st H a v e 

|NCR 4 2 o o Experience 

Call For Appointment 

6 5 3 - 9 1 1 o 

Has on immediate position available 
CAK 
2nd 
BfSPIIATOIY supervisor shift, 

WE H HELP YOU UP 
THE LADDER OF SUCCESS 

 lf you're ambitious ond on the rise, looking for a challenging opportunity, Farmers Insurance Group can help you. You can keep the security of your present position while you reach new heights in o better career. In fact, while you leorn we ll train you free of charge and pay you full commissions on all business you sell. Here s your chance to move up the ladder! Coll for a confidential interview, Charles 
Manley at 656-8266. 

LEGAL SECRETARY 
S h o rth a n d re q u ire d C o ll M r s 
Van 72* 9211 
S E C R E T A R Y B O O K K E E P E R . orefer bilingual, work for a loco) 
C P A firm. starting sala ry SSSO 
223 4791 
S E C R E T A R Y 
T o in s u r a n c e 
Agent Type 5SW PM , dictaphone, cop y m a ch in e , m e n a g e office. 
9 3o to 5.3o M onday F rid a y Coll 
498-9786 tor appointm ent 

61o OFFICES CLERICAL 

CANDY SALES 

P T E t 
1 
. T 
P 
I 
S 
1 

 rLoREN 
STEINER, SALES 
MANAGER is interviowing for ogontv Offering per­ sonal training for you to berome successful in Real 
Estate. 
Call for intBrvMw 
341-1477 or 696-992o 
HOHENBERGER- 
COLLINS CO. 

Sales Person Needed for San Antonio area, calling on established ond new oc counts selling o quality line of boxed chocolates and candy bors. Experience preferred Bonus, company cor, expenses and liberal benefits provided. Excellent op portunity for a career minded person. Send resume to. 
PANGBURN C O M P A N Y 
P.O. Box 65, Fort W orth, Tx. 761o1 c/o Mr. W illiam R. Trapp equal opportunity em ployer 

NOTICE TO 
JOB APPLICANTS 
Advertisements in these columns ore accepted on the premise thai e 

 l offered will he filled on the is of merit without discnmino hon because of sex unless th* job is a bonofid* occupational qual if ic atma 
EMPLOYMENT 
AGENCIES the Son Antonio Private Employ men! Association bos a rigid (ode of fthics ta which oN its prorate employment agency members subscribe For information about prorate employment agencies, ac or lion on complaints, coll 224 78o2 of the Better Business Bureau 

W H O L E S A L E D IS T R IB U T O R , located near R ittm a n R d and IH 
TS needs G irl F rid a y tor general office w ork. M u st be co n ge n ia l ond neat in o p p e aracn ce W o rk ­ in g h o u r s 8 : 3o 4 : 3o M o n d a y - 
F rid a y . P re fe r a p p lic a n t to be 
25-3S o n d n o n - s m o k e r . C a ll 
G ru b b s E n te rp rise s, oo1-7741 or 
4*1-5595 for interview 

612 MEDICAL 

• Mf mr:At 
M i l 
- riRSOMNU i 
P L I Ym 

SOMETHING 
DIFFERENT 

This is o challenging public rotations position with o notional nursing service Must be alert ond confident in communicating with the medical community; position requires work ing 2 or 3 days o week, you will be compensated foe cor expense Ideal opportunity to work port time in the medico! field with a progressive national nursing service foe in­ terview coll foul Beynolds 

MEDICAL PERSONNEL POOL 

1o19 N Main 
224 S M S 

* Must be registered lespiratary therapy Technician or registered eligible with written exam com­ pleted. 
♦ Supervisory experience preferred it Excellent working conditions ft Fringe benefits 
Apply in person to th# Ftnonntl Of­ fice Sonta Bom, S19 W. Houston St. 
2 2 8 - 2 3 4 3 
{qual Opportunity Employer 

 r 
I 

Lutheran General Hospital 

• ATTENTION REGISTERED NURSES 

Imm ediate Full Time O penings For:I 

I 
I 

OPERATING ROOM 8:3o-4:3o and 3-11 

RECOVERY RO O M 3-11 

INTENSIVE CARE 7-3, 3-11 and 11 -7 

MEDICAL UNIT 3-11 
I 
I 

PEDIATRICS 11 -7 

Registered Lab Tech 

OR 
C L A for rhoitanging job in small 
Hospital SO miles from San An tanto (ad Collect: 

ADMINISTRATOR 
FRIO HOSPITAL 
1-334-3671 

 e IV N (ORT, FULLTIME 3-11) 

• REGISTERED NURSE PART TIME OPEN ING S 
EMERGENCY RO O M S 3-11 and 11 -7 
I 

IL 

Special Poy for 3-11 ond 11-7 Shifts Experience poy, special­ ty pay ond revised salary plan plus full benefits. 

Contact Personnel Office 

7o1 S. Zarzamora 
434-5252 

 equal opportunity em ployer 
I 
I 

614 SKILLS TRADES 
M 
U 
, 
TRADES 

oooooooo 

• 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 

 r n 
o 

RN’s 

3-11 Shift 

Port time and full time 

734-7271 

+ 

oooooooo 

CUENTS-CIIENTS -CLIENTS! 
Abundance el rite** fee the leHotsem 

 with an excellent tommtHwm pion hot 
»vi rn 'ON TOP «4 im Ante*** Reel htete Merkel! Cai Terry today —4 let 
DI Amt OWfltS C O fMft yea en »eg dill 
7 3 6 -4 4 2 6 

F U N A N O P R O F IT B U S IN E S S It you are ind ustrious, can tallow instructions, ond desire indepen­ dence. we m ay have the exact part time business tor you Send a short letter to E x p re ss News, Box 
No 4S23, 78297 Wa Wit! Coil 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
REACTOR— AMS 

JEFFERSON OFC 

A n ald e s ta b lis h e d in s u r a n c e com pany needs a taco) person to sell and se rv ice in su ra n ce tar ro u n d in g S a n A n to n io . E x p e r ­ ience desired but not necessary 
Proper training p rovid ed Start­ ing solory n«-a chobie with a raise in 4 weeks. Call R L 
Lontord 
34 J I $5? 

A R E Y O U T H IN K IN G at selling the one thing e ve ryo n e n e e d s - 
Real E sta te ? W e'll from full or pa rttim e E a s y to de w ith our sp e c ia l p r o f e s s io n a l t r a in in g school -no exhenonce necessary 
We furnish all buyers and sellers for you and help you get licenses q u ic k ly 
C a ll I N T E R S T A T E 
811-o755 til 8 p rn________________ 

Y W C A C o m p 
Id ie w ild * 
P la n n in g , s la ttin g , s u p e r v is io n a n d b u d g e tin g et year round p ro gram B A degree plus J years in cam p adm m istra lio n A p p ly Y W C A H S M c C u l­ lough 
An 
Eq u al 
Opportunity 
Em p loyer 
Im m ediate opening 

AVON 
To buy or sell 
COH 724 o941 

H a v e J o p e n in g s in te le p h o n e - sales d e p t. full time or part tim * 
Apply 4851 Citizens P a rs w ay (oft 
Fred ericksb urg R d at Loop 41o) b e tw een 
9:1o-11 : 39am or 
4 3o 7pm O la n M ills P o r t ra it 
Studio 349 8o47 osk tar M r Coody im m ediate opening in an estob tithed fire and casualty aaency i 
Lead s furnished, com pany train- I 
■ na with Irm o * benefits E x p e r ranee preferred but not m o n d o j tory 
E O E . C ontact Ja y Tingle 
734 1 52) or Dan Vouqhon 732 4)3) 
L E A S E A N O E A R N 
We need an experienced loosing agent ar we will train you in our i leasing dopt Applicants m ust be fam iliar with apt industry Inter 
I rated persons must subm it a let 
: ter at references and resum e and also have a cu rran t real estate salesm ans license E a rn in g s a r* dependent on yo u r ab ility and hard work Will w ork in Austin 
Qualified persons send letters ond 
: re su m e s in c a r * of 
P e rso n n e l 
Oept. UMM) W 
Av*. Austin. TX 
I 78741. 
_______________ 

6o5 RESUMES 

R E L IA B L E R E S U M E S 
W R IT T E N R E A S O N A B L Y 
499 1o15 
R E i U M E S - P R O r E S S IO N A L 
S E R V IC E 

ADMINISTRATIVE 
FINANCIAL 

T E L E P H O N E S A L E S 
You m ay be ony age 18 7o without exp . port or lull time, hours day or mght-we want you to profit and be happy, coll us today 349 4219, 
349 4 397 or 349 4847 
T L H 
U L I L . solid sp o n so r 42 yrs Convention, banners - odver 
Using, convention book Call for appt 828 534o 

THELMA B PREISSMAN 
• R E A L T O R S • 
W ants you. Join us now Due to our co n tin u e d gro w th , s e v e ra l openings have been created Bu am ess is good L ib e ra l c o m m is­ sio n on lis t in g s . B r in g y o u r | license Call 874 2347 tor app I 
HRL COMPANY NEEDS 

M in im um J y rs program m ata experience Do 
X Sh arin g bush topoint or G E T im * ness system s; Top benefits; E x ­ ce lle n t o p p o rt u n ity 
C a ll M r . 
Dowdell, O ow co Data Se rvice s. 
Dallas. Texas. 714-4o7 44oo 

D IS C O V E R T H E R E S U L T S 
O u r s a l t s p e o p io m e n a n d wom an are earning m oney up to 
535o aer woek na exp nee Need car and am bition-yau deserve to h a v e o u r new o o p t r tm ly , call 
Tom or B a rt 349 4847. 349 4397 go y V or 878 4o74 Nights_________ 

L O C A L A M W A Y D IS T R IB U T E R , start now. opportunity tor good earnings, you pick the hours, we train, tor interview coit 454-5914 
N e e d 2 lic e n s e d R e a l E s t a t e age n ts in our Sou th sid e attic* 
E a rn between 512,ooo and 515,ooo par year buying and selling real estate on a state wide b a sis No experience necessary will train 
ENCYCLOPAEDIA 
I BRITANNICA I 

ASSISTANT MANAGER 
E x p e rie n c e n e c e ss a ry 
S a la r y com m ensurate with experience 
Paid vacation, h o lid ays and ho 
SPitiiiiation Please call tor oppt 
Littleton Tire Co *24 83o5 ask tor 
Hobart Spanley 
TOPNOTCH 

COST ACCOUNTANT 

With (Ollegtt degree 
+ a 

 m inim u m of 3 years ex­ 

 perience within a m an u fac­ 

 turing environm ent, Solary 
SI2.ooo to SI3,ooo per 

 yeor. 

 ond 
Please Send Resume 
Solary Requirements: 

MS. STEWART 
P.O. BOX BH OOI 

Son Antonio, TX 78284 

 ar GHI 735-9392, ext 376 

 fquol Opportunity fmptoytr 

GENERAL OFFICE 

B u sy office n e e d s a 

 sh a rp clerk not a fra id 

 to w ork. 
V a rie d ro u ­ 

 tine, som e direct custom er contact. 
4 o 

 hour w eek p o ly g ra p h 

 required, n o p h o n e calls. 

Apply In Person 

6127 San Pedro 

Mrs. Smith 

SANTA ROSA 
MEDICAL CENTER 

Has immediate vacancies far: 

REGISTERED X RAY 
TECHNICIANS 

• Hours 7 3 

• Salary Negotiable 

Apply Personnel Office 

S a n t a R o s a 
S I V W . H ouston St. 
228-2343 
(quat Opportunity Employ rf 

MEDICAL TYPIST 
Proficiency in medical tar minotogy ond transcription re quired 4o hour week Solary open full binge benefits Ap plironts tested 
Send reply to: 

EXPRESS NEWS 

BOX 8149 

San Antonio. Ti TO797 

EXPERIENCED 
BODY SHOP FOREMAN 

• G o o d W o rkin g C ond itions 

• Fringe Benefits 

• C o m m issio n Basis 

Contact Bruce Rdigley, Sr. 

Smith Chevrolet Co. 
1221 BROADWAY ..... 227-4281 

Secretary-Bookkeeper 

 lite typing, must know how to use IO key, some experience in bookkeep ing. 
Office experience and shorthand required. 
By appointment only 

494-S237 
GAU REAL ESTATE 

RNS NEEDED 
INHCTION 
CONTROL PW O NUDSt 
. W O 
11-7 Shift 
For KU and CCU nurses 
Contact 6o641 IO, axt. 141 
SAN ANTONIO 
COMMUNITY HOSPITAL 
•o26 Floyd Cud Dr 7*229 
An fquol Opportunity Employ*! 

PHARMACIST 
Needed ta manage star* in Rattus, 
Trios On* mil* from beautiful lake Baton ond 35 miles from 
Corpus Christi lay Solary $14oo month phis IO KT of net profit 
(all 
LARRY STRICKLAND 
S I 2-543-4871 
MON-FRI 
OR 
312-729-7347 
SAT AND SUN 
NO PHONE CALLS 

IMMEDIATE OPENING 
SUPERIOR PONTIAC 
NEEDS BODY MAN 
MUST BE EXPERIENCED it BEST BENEFITS A PAY IN TOWN 
★ TOP COMMISSIONS 
+ PAID VACATION 
★ HOSPITALIZATION 
★ ALL COMPANY BENEFITS 
SEE: ERNIE CARAWAY 
711 BROADWAY 

614 SKILLS TRADES 
Iu S u t TcTa n ^ 
M tawing. 
444 1344 

Tlmr^viTlMor 
C allaghan 
R d 
Solon, 
LONE STAR VOLKSWAGEN 

 f 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

JACK MITCHELL ERA 
R E A L T O R 
532-31o7 

IN T B R IO R D E S IG N E R , looking tor a a reslia* retoil ©Hic* tar your lf. - 
, h* h,,h tree lo n e .n y * i i m te ra ste d in w orking on a proffeesional basis 
CON- 349-42o1 

 est paid in th* world 
I Im m ediate openings 
J We will from 
I M ust have car 
4 We wark leads appl basis 
F a r personal interview 
JO B H U N T IN G * S U 545.9oo Ber n o r d H o lt o n * A A s s o c 
(512) 
I 347 3144 
S in c e 1947. N o t O 
I ab e tm e n t o p e n e r_______________ 
___________ 

I K 5 A T 
T V is n o w t a k in g j E xce lle n t incom e avaitabte for 
C o l l 7 3 2 2 1 o 5 

 applications tar A ssignm ent Edi tor E N G Coordinator E q u al Op portum ly Em ployer M F 

 s p o r t tim * w ark ofter lpm _________ 
C oll 117 4*94 

N E W Q U A R T E R S 
G r o w in g a t o m , n a e d m e r * agents. It you want a chance to earn and learn while you grow with us. call soon 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E 878 2521 
P art time tab dem onstrating con aunter p rod u cts of re tail leva), m ust be ab l* to w ork w eekends and holidays Call 499 1*43 Eau ol 
Opportunity E m p lo y e r__________ 

SOLICITOR 
E xp e rie n ce d telephone solicitor tor 
S o u th sid e o ffice , h o u r s 
1oam 7pm or 59pm Call between 
9 17 M on F ri M rs Foster 275 *519 
Unique growth opportunity with o 
52oo.9oo.ooo co m p a n y tor those who quality, salary, and com m is aion 828 5541 
- 
W anted 

C O M P T R O L L E R H O T E L 

 e x p e rie n c e d full line vending route salesm an For into tall 3411*51 
TSU W'd WA TJAN 

Needed im m e d iate ly Hotel experience is n e ce ssary E x collen! w o rk in g co n d itio n s 
Good salary, benefits. Oppty in industry for advancem ent 
Prop erty is beautiful only o year old and port o4 a large m agm I corp 
Fo r interview call 
JO H N R IJ O S 
(517) 722 7*11 

KEYPUNCH OPERATORS 

Fart Tima 
2 Nights A Weak 

APPLY IN PERSO N 

FROST BANK 

LVN’s 
ALL SHIFTS 
Full Tim* 
Normandy I Errata, 

BEAUTY OPERATORS 
E x p e rie n ce , full tim e and part time 
K E L L E Y 'S . 
M a cA rth u r 
Plaza 
*53 8181, 87* 8833 
B O D V M A N S yrs exp lo de car 

NEEDS A MECHANIC 
★ 
WITH EXPERIENCE 
★ 

Int. 
6 4 8 -o 1 o 1 
841 Rica Rd 

 body work 413 8)42 433 8241 
BU g-f e r r e A l I A m IN lt A t L t e h needed im m e d iate ly 
G oad pay only those with b u rg la r a la rm experience need apply 22* 12*7 
(atune! m aker needed im m edio 
•cly, 3 yrs exp or m ore Call 8 to 5 
M on F ri 
*4142o2 

SEE: BOB DABMEY 

33o3 B R O A D W A Y 

PERSONNEL DEPT. 
IO O W . H ouston St. 

 le v e l O pportun ity Iw y l t y t . 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

•AIDES* 

CARPENTERS 
Residential Construction i m - n u 
Com bination Auto Air Conditioner 

•RES IVES 11*7.3 l l 
N on sm o k e r p le a s* a p p ly l l 17 
Hillside M anor SHO Gault Lane 
828 4*o4 

 in sta lle r a n d Ste re o R a d io In s te lla r 
T op p a y . in s u r a n c e available 
Call 
M r 
New hall 
734 5 3 1 7 ________ 
Sb rop e ry 

S3 PLR HOUR PIUS 
M A J O R U S C O M M O N C A R 
R IB H S E E K S B I L IN G U A L IN I j T E R N A T lO N A L A C C O U N T EX-1 
| E C u t i VE ta covar M e xico City 
I and surrounding industrial areas 
Requires transportation and sates experience Excellent salary and e m p p io y e * b e n e fit* S e n d r e ­ s u m e s to 
C O N S O L ID A T E D 
I F R E IG H T W A Y S . In te rn a tio n a l 
I Sales Departm ent, 175 Llnfield 
!D rive , M e n lo P a rk , C a lifo rn ia . 
94425 
An 
Equal 
Opportunity 
I. n.p..,,-: 

E X E C U T IV E S A L E S P E R S O N 
Excellent opportunity tor large co m m issio n incom e for q uality residential salesperson with G U Y 
C H IP M A N , R E A L T O R S Prate r ind ivid ual re sid in g in tnt North east a re a Sp e cia lize d tra in in g available Please call R IC H A R D 
K R A U S E . M anager. *53 7341 tar an appointm ent We have open mas in th* attice at 11*11 Nae ag do ch es All inquiries confidential 

 co m m issio n to start, c e llin g en our cu sto m e r*. C o r n a c a * *a ry 
M utt be neat and cle a n cu t 
*94-541) 
_____________________ 

 live* in relocates to Austin 
E nglish Spanish speaking OK 
Excellent living conditions 
(517)447 1)31, evening 
© weekend 
P O Box 497*4.Austin Tx 787*5 

N U R S I N G H O M E 

6o4 TECHNICAL 

P H O N E S O L IC IT O R S 53 IS p *r hour. we will train Full tim * and part tim * Call between Tom 5pm 
8)1-15*4_________ I________________ 

M A L D E F announces the opening 
'o f a tut! tim * staff a Hor nay post 
I tip* as protect director at a South 
Texas P riso n e rs' R ig h t Protect 
{T h* position writ include organiz­ ing and im p le m e n tin g g new ly tgynded services p ro g ra m aery in * prisoners et the B exar County 
Jail Protect director will lead a 
Ism a il p r o g r a m p r o v id in g p r i­ soners with pail counseling, coon soling gl undocum ented w orkers facing im m igration ch arges ond i or deportation pracedings Train 
■nu and supervising a paralegal rn j per tor ming duties on behalf of the 
• protect and tending to the general 
Ie p riso n e rs a * wall a s p re p a n n 

Guy Chipman Co 

R E A L E S T A T E S A L E S M E N tor 
Suburbon property en sit* soles. 
5549 per m onth d ra w n a g a in st com m ission *9 * 1949 ar 1*9 m o 

REAL ESTATE SALES 

A D M I N I S T R A T O R 
Wanted tar large n u rsin g home in 
Abilene. Texas Excellent salary and benefits E aperient* o m ust 
Send resum e to 
E X P R E S S N E W S 
B O X 4549 
Son Antonio, Tx 78297 

A C C O U N T S P A Y A B L E C L E R K l l y r * e x p e rie n c e N o rth e a st a re a 
E q u a l o p p o rt u n ity em p lover R e p ly to E x p r e s s N e w s 
Box *537 S A 78)97 
A C C O U N T S Receivable cl*rfc tar northside business IO key. typing and receivable experience need 
•d Call 824 948! E q u a l opportun tty employer 

 r e g V E r m g -'S i N E 6 A L 6 k 
F IC I, references required. 
*14 t ilt 
T ? 3 » r < 5 f c t i 6 i ) i * m 

D E N T A L H Y G IE N IS T 
M odern, progressive, preventive denial office in northwest San An tomo needs hygienist tor ) days a week M odern equip and hum an istle staff otter ideal w o rkin g ti tuation W ould p ra te r p re v io u s experience and applicant m ust be good com m unicator Please send re su m e to E x p r e s s N e w s B o x 
1 4538. S A 78)34 

Installer m ust be exp erien ced Plenty of work. good pay Apply hi person 
3o4 San Pedro (U p stairs) 
EXPERIENCED FITTER 
M ust have experience as a titter tor ladies apparel shop Excellent benefit*, s a la ry open 
A p p ly in p a r so n M o n g e r S m a r t Sh o p . 
North Star M all 
F T FT T TT'W'f I b 

N eed* Career Contusion!* 
499 H I ) 
I xcellen l O p p o rtu n ity I 

M T D iC A L D E ti T A I------- 
See Sunday s ad. m ony tab* 
D R P E R S O N N E L 
Ooh H ill* M od Bldg *94 9914 
Medico! Dental i m p Serv 

 y a i k 
D R E S S E R wanted Good w orking condition* 
Coll 
*44 3134 ar 
666-tttS 
Experienced Sham poo Girl 

R E A L T O R S 

HUM ANO RANCH SALES 
Coll J M Cm lltnon Realtor 
BOB JONES. REALTOR 
__________ 
J U 
1341 

Consider m g a change ar applying tor b e e n **? Call me tar m l#r view 
We atte r g o o d c o m m is s io n , professional training, T V adver living mc# attice, and affiliation with K E Y G a O U P R E A L T O R S 
R ay Carrington. Realtor 
R A N D A ! P H R E A L T Y *54 5341 

 etal and paralegal needs at th* well a s p re p a rin g pam p hlet* e x p la in in g the legal rights of g u a rd * and prisoners. 
O p e n in g d a ta im m e d ia t e ly 
Quantic airan* 
M u st be licensed jig orotic# law in Texas, able ta write clearly, bilingual Salary negotiable d e p e n d in g an e x p e r­ ience Contact Send resum e and writing sam ple Ie J coquet Avile, 
M A L D E F M I N St M a rys, San 
Antonie 78)43 S II 234 3475 
Persona) Lin o * Underwriter 
M utt have I y rs exp underwrit in * personal property and family automobile Salary open Contact 

F a st g ro w in g w h o le sa le ga p e r and la n ita n a l su p p ly co m p a n y need* am bitious sale * rep reten lu n y * who h a * been colim a an local trade or h a t experience in sale*. E x c e lle n t co m p a n y ben 
•hts Salary and com m ission Call 
Ronnie tor appt team lpm . M o toro Paper Co l l ) 9413 

ROUTE SALES 
SO FT D R IN K F IR M 
S A L A R Y ♦ C O M M IS S IO N 
D istrib u to rs w elcom e, sm a ll in vestment required Apply in per­ son amy t* Fete ar A rth u r otter 
3 Wpm oi 4338 Director Or. Texas 
Beverage P acke rs 

B67oo COMPUTER 
SYSTEM FIELD ENGINEER 
B u r r o u g h s 

Must hay* en* year prier ex penemx in mowltnom* *1 system end os soc Mitt) peripherals lur toughs is on ague! opportunity employer (oh 
(SII) 2 2 6 o 2 o 6 

6M stcnmaint 

Professional Executive 
• u -tu iiu n l* Int l 
Personnel Consultant* 
*2*3 IH 14, Suite 4*4 t ))/ | A I3 *3 

F IE L D C O U N S E L L O R 
M o lure individual ta de held aer vie* tor Federal Em ployees Ben eft! M a rk e t th is a re a M u st be s o lid c itiz e n , h o v e g o a d c a r, w illin g ta w ark 
We su p p ly in a u tre *, tra in in g , fin a n c e 
Y o u supply lh * laten! G ive re tu rn * reference*, a n * p ictu re in first letter A ll in q u ire * con fidential a n d p ro m p tly a c k n o w le d g e d 
W rit* Agone y Director, F E B A 
F O Box 9371, Austin, Tx 787*4 
Personal Inter view * lust I w eek* hi M a rch 

SALESMEN 
Notional Electrical m anufacturer d istributer*, O E M and p ra tp e c five now account* P ro d u ct* ere electric m eters, ge n e ra to r, air v e n tila tio n tau n t men! and Allied product* Excel com pt e sse s if. and Allied art lent opportunity tor person seek 

 i 
R IC H and A S S O C IA T E S 
I 
E m ploym eiti Service 
*4*4 A San P e d rg 83*4*41 
S E C U R IT Y O F F IC E R S 
In te llig e n t , r e s p o n s ib le in dividuois repaired tar urn term ed se cu rity M e n e t w o m e n C o m m ission experienced preferred 
I 
A P A R T M E N T J O B S Pl S A 
8 2 8 Y I** 
Em p loy m on! tun su m o ills 

FULL CHARGE 
MANAGER 

 m g perm anent position M u st bo able to pion and m an age cover a g * ond growth of solos volum e 
So la ry ond co m m issio n and ox p o n se s 
U su a l frin g e b e n e fit*. must hove car Please answ er in w riting ta W W G ra in g e r 
B J 
Smith, P O Box J448. Pasadena. 
Tx 
77S4*. 
E a u o l 
Opportunity 
Em ptoyor 
_______ _________ 

Ladies Specialty Shop 
Northside location R etail sale s experience with M issy custom ers important Apply only if you hove p ro v e n s o lo s a b ilit y 
Advancem ent opportunity, frinpe 
Benefit*, s a l a r y o b o n u s In t e r ­ vie w w ith r e t u r n * C a ll M n * 
Taylor *3 * s **i 

S A L E S M U M I T R A IN E E 
524#4 per w eek. 3 y r t ra in in g p ro p ro m , p aid frin g e b enefits 
Retired m ilitary invited COM O C 
C ro o n . C L U . M e tro p o lita n l i t * 
71) 9743 
Eauol opportunity 
8w>Bf»V4r 
Solos Representative for business m a c h in e s P ro te c tiv e te rrito ry after training period 34} 31)4 

D E T A IL E R C H E C K E R 
S t r u c t u r a l s t * * ! f a b r ic a t o r seeking dependable aouad leoder w ith B IO y e a r * e x p e rie n c e in structural, rebar and m iscellon r o u t for h e a v y in d u st ria l a n d com m ercial b uildings Outstand m g em ployee benefits and work m g conditions Subm it resum e to 
Box *o98. Austin. Tx 787*4 O I I ) 
83*4897 E q u a l Opportunity E m plover M F, Affirm ative Action 
B T T P f B m W t B l A T I L V . ex per ranted Data E n try O perator with knowledge of IB M System J 
Model * or System 13 Operation 
Experience as an operator would bo a definite plus M utt be able lo key punch a m in im u m of I 9oo stro ke s per hour ond bo a self star tor witling to assu m e the re sponsibitilio* of a O F M anager 
M o lt pay top salary ta right per san E sealion! working conditions o n d benefits, it in te re ste d call 
4*4 1981 and osk tar M r C u d * OI# are an 
E au al 
Opportunity 
Em p loyer 
KI L T I U R I R I l i t 

“ ST ANL! Y SMITH ~ 
SECURITY, INC. 
Now Accepting Appl* attorn for 
SECRETARY 
Kith 2-4 pi. expo none# 
(equites lypnra 6o i i wpm otto rte Hipbone 
Shorthand de SHO bt#, out not essential Applicants should bo noel rn opp*ararat 
•ad have ability ta work undo* pressure 
Apply In Person ifyw 
.FTI I ’ 
SMITH 
^ 
\ SECURITY INC 

IE I Hest (Ames 
I quo! Opportunity (raptor et 

B illin a 
M a na par, F m Spanish radio ala lion Send return* lo M A S IN C , 
Box 3)33. Lubbock, Tx 7*417 
GR6U14o Itfcw ARDCSS 

Medical Recoins 
RRR or ARI 

P e r s o n a b le a tt r a c t n e e d 
). 
*24 44(1 United Personnel Canalis 
4*4 C S W M ilitary D r 
IT sa Y Yv7 is now lakin g applrco lions tar an Accounts Receivable 
B ookkeep er E a u a l O pportunity 
Em ployer M F 

Lo h raio ry needs typist copable et extrem e accuracy with m inim um 
59 W PM . sala ry open depending upon typing skill Start im m edio talk Call 734 7954 r s r z r 
L A N D S U R V E Y O R has need et aftlca s e c r e t a r y w ith ability ta do some light drafting. lu ll ar p a rt tim e 
C o n ta c t B ill 
M cCtotchy pl 82* 3778 
Need excellent receptionist typist 

N on sm o ke r ole os# a p p ly 19 l l 
Hillside M anor 8119 Gault Lone 
828 4*o* 

O f-B l ? A L L f r n 
U R V I S T A S , in te rn ist in O ak H ills M e d ic a l 
Building, m ust be experienced rn m edical tarm inotagy. typing ond bookkeeping. M o n d a y F rid ay, 8 
M i l pm, salary open, references required *9 * 2(71 
F H V t i m T U t R A M t ( I b f ) w anted tor p riv a te d r * office 
IF M A R ) in th# South T axes 
M edical Canter. Full tim * or will stort part time and advance ta full time in l l m onths Call Him T 
Bios sum, M O 349 *573 

Other duties required. Thursday. 
Frid ay ond Saturday, good work m g conditions, newly redecorated shop. N o rth e rn H ills S h o p p in g 
Cantar. C asa lin d a H air Fashion, ask tor 
Too, *53 1284. offer *, 
IB I M M 
E x p e rie n c e d g a s ar diesel M e chonta*, apply in parson, M ission leo and Fuel Com pony. HO* E 
D u rango 
Experien ced sculptured nails mr- tis!, established clientele in oxctu si va solan *79 7793 
E x p e rie n c e d e q u ip m e n t o p e ra 
•ors, dozers, scrap p e rs, loaders ond rotters 
M ort 
Rotted 
Ce 
*31*324 
I a p e r la n c e d 

NIED IMMEDIATELY 

LARGE HOMEBUILDER- 

DEVELOPER 

Inventory control specialist 

Experience in inventory con 

 trot of building materials 

 helpful. Coll 

TOM HON 

6S5-442o for Appt. 

 and d icta p h o n e 
N ice w o rk in g co n d itio n s 53o9 to start. M u s t! type at toast 7owpm Cat! K a re n 1 
*99 9*31 

P a i t t Tm I -------------- 
T E L E P H O N E P E O P L E 

R E G I S T E R E D 
R E S P I R A T O R Y 
T H E R A P I S T 

H y d r a u li c mechanic, m ust have own tools 
Apply in person Salary according ta exp 41 Isom R d Suite ids r w n r 
B g i B ' - H 'i L i A f t ^ 
W E ID E R tar kitchen equipm ent fab rication tap sa la ry ond ben elds. COH 222 M S I n r y g n i n e i D r t t w 
E Q U IP M E N T A N D W A U K E S H A 
E N G I N E R E P A I R M A N , c a ll 

SEAMSTRESS 
W ith Tailor shop ax 
I p e n a n ce tor oil types a l alterations, ax cp/lpnf salary, ho* 
| pitoltatton, life in­ surance, p a id to to lion, nxcp/ranf w orking 
I conditions a p p ly a t 
Alterations A 
T a ilo rin g Center 
U U Broadway 
1o-4 gjh. 

SOUTHWEST 
MUNICIPAL 
SERVICES INC. 
Mas Th# EoNowlng Openings 
* BACKHOE OPERATOR minimum of 2 roars on a JO 
3oo or 
31o Back 
Hoe 
Prefer with experience with 
Utility 
Contractor. 
Must hove own transportation, solory open 
* PEPE LAYERS 
(2 openings) — minimum of 
I yeor experience toying 
AC or Cl pipe 6 or larger, must have own transport a hon, solary open 

BENEFITS INCLUDE: 
• Prolil Sharing Pion 
• Group Hospitalization 
• Life Insurance 
Alt replies should be made in person, of 11612 Perrin 
Boltel 
Coll 656 131o for appointment 

I qed Opportunity Employ*! 

HYDRAULIC KOIS! 
MECHANIC experience necessary, 

JOIN TIK HISSES! 
JR Opportunity la Town 

E X E C S E C 'Y . te st ty p in g a n d transcription H eavy ad m m istra tivo resp onsibility R e su m e Box 
7442 5 A 78713 
§ x p *r!o n c *< f Se cre to ry needed 

•M onday F rid a y 
• •Pteosont w orking conditions 
•Stort work im m ediately 
• E arn in gs unlimited 
M r M ock 
733 111 1 
F O R T C L A R K S P R IN G S 

Goad pay and h ou r* CaN Theatre of San Antonio 732 8191 
PHONE COLLECTOR 
W orld wide com pany needs (m m 

 with experience rn train in g per so n n e t a n d w o r k in g w ith p h y a n io n s M ust hovo at least I years practical experience rn R e sp ire lory Therapy Please subm it your resum e or contact 
P E R S O N N E L D E P T 
M A V E R IC K C O U N T Y 
H O S P IT A L D IS T R IC T 
P O Box 147o 
Eagle P a ss T X 7(852 
___________(112)773 5131 

Jack!* Brow n at (34 735* tar ap 
Opportunity 
Eaual 

JOIN IHE OIGGEST 
JOO Opportunity in Town 

I y * o r I e x p e rie n c e d c o lle c to r vim peed telephone voico, salary 

T Y P IS T 
S E C R E T A R Y 
S A L E S M E N 
O F F S E T P R IN T E R S 
Know ledge of S p a n ish A p p ly in person I) ) * West Avo 
[ T S A I L U B E f A B V who con lake charge of business litigutra" practice and (taal effectively with 
C lie n ts 
G o o d s k ills r e q u ire d 
S a la ry c o m m e n su ra te with ex 
Penance end "bilify 327 119* 

 plus m onthly bonus P o rm o n o n l position with advancem ent, cell 
M r * White, le i 419* g i m m 
H H f g a lo re lady tor exclusive, fashionable apartm ent co m p le x 
M u s t h o v e g o o d nu to m o b ile 
T y p in g re q u ire d , *9 hour w eek in c lu d in g S u n d a y s 
Excellent pay pius fringe benefits 
77)1 Broadw ay 

R N tar ottarnatm g w eekends B x p e n a n c e d Aides, all shifts. Call 
*94-947* between 9am lpm 
A ll la w ork relief, uil sh ifts In sm all hospital 54 M iles from Son 
Antonio lf interested please call 
Adm inistrator C o lle d 
I 114 3*1 Z| 
Can 

 pointmen! 
I mplover 
E x p e rte n c c d I yr r e s id e n t ia l h e lp e rs need a p p ly in p e rs o n 
Boxor Electric Ca 3414 West Ave 
An equal opportunity em ployer 

 f e « g f i rg » if f T r r o i v f 7 ' ~ 
P A R T Y C H IE F *33 7223 
Experienced Alteration la d y 
Experienced Counter Help 
F ult time positions Apply M o rto n 
Cleaners 933 4411 
F ip e rle n c e d sem i trailer dum p truck d rive r* E O E 4*7 1711 

F U L T C L A M 7 6 ' U B W F V U A U 
E L E C T R I C a n N e e d e d 
P ro fit sharing 
71* 3239 
United 
Bldg 
Services 

T Y P IS T 
S E C R E T A R Y 
S A L E S M E N 
O F F S E T P R IN T E R S 
Know ledge of Soon ish A pply m 
Person i l l * W e *f Ava 
FITTER SEAMSTRESS 
E .D u ra n t ad ladies apparel cedent benefit* 
' 
_ _ 
E x 
Apply rn person 
M e n to r Sm art Shop. North Star 
MaH 

EXP IRON WORKERS far p re c a st con cre te and steel erection Apply 83* N o gg in gs 

33 an hour J49 137o 
Se rvice tectinician for b u sin e ss m a c h in e s - e le c tro n ic a n d mo cborneol 342 3124 
LEGGE SECRETARY 
2 y e o r * l e g a l required 334 1141 

SMALL IRAN REFICE 
Credit collection ctarb, type 4*. 
5 d ay*, so lo ry g lu t b a n u s E x t p r e fe rr e d but w ilt fro m 
413 
C -ntar B ija 223 4(71 
W o n I fo ca l "^oTTTq, T TddenT 
» B o o k keel 

A n to n io U e o llh S e r v ic e * 
P lacem ent*. Inc , (4 N E 
Loop 
418, Suit* I J IE . 349 431J worn, d I abs b a ta (iv Tier- 
N IC IA N tar p h y sicia n s t r e a t rn 
Uvalde. Texas. Na weekends. No n ig h ts R e fe re n c e s a n d o x t e r ranee required Cab 324 1 374, Ask tar Ext 355 tor inform ation 
W e e T iT 

EXP. SHEET VINYL 

FLORAL DESIGNER 
A p p l# MI PTW >n f l u Brood way 
P a r nTTaTT re p a ir a n d to u ch u p p e rs o n 
P o r t im * 
E x p e r ie n c e p re fe rre d 
N o S m o k in g 
G o o d 
Pay 
F IS H E R S 
1454 N E Loop 
419 g n i P W 
E M t W w o n U d W IIK some tallowing 432 8414, 733 3o12 
T r e n r g f f r m ri i ---------- 

 e x p e r i e n c e 
C le rk T yp ist helpful N o am ok rn 
F IS H E R I, USO N E 

 oak k e e p in g e x t 

 t a 
>419 

P r o g r e s s i v e y o u n g ternate L V N ta relocate near V K 
Io n a tar Rekociaiizatioa P ro g ra m tar young girl Send responses ta the E x p re s s and News. Box Ne 
4544. 712*7 

AND TILE INSTALLERS 
M ust ha y* own tools and transportation 
C E N T R A L F L O O R C O V E R IN G 
M IO Bah ST 
*tl-44>l iuTJ 

*31 1137 
833 3354 
83* 7923 
Heavy Equipm enT ftp. , utV> 
F in ish Brad* M en 
D u m p Track D rive rs 
22*8141 

JOURNEYMAN 

 rn alec lr ital. plum bing and MV AC fields with over l l J m illion can tract backlog needs qualified ax p e n e n c e d m e c h a n ic s in a il p h o t o * Aliptic a n is m u st h a ve c o m m e r c ia l in d u t f r tai o x t e r rage# Excellent opportunity for hard working person* with desire ta m ove en Milo Mb m anagem ent 
Send resum e to 
TRIA N G LE 
B O X 224* 
HaMmpon.Ti K** 
Phone 313 433 71*4 
Eaual O pporrandy Em p loyer 

F irst c lo ** auto "gla SS 1 i i -Jolter needed, re fe re n c e s end exper ranee n e c e ssary I * *4 per hour aion, apply 27o4 T ravis, Houston 
Tx or COM 713 5)4 I I M 

Heavy Equip Mechanic sr vice rebuild od (raid got cpi 

Rentz Electric Co *93 leat 
M A N A G E R f i V l L i T ' H f C l 
O P E R A T O R tar prin t shop E x cedent incentive pay g ro g ra m 
Service t abutter oil held gas com proctors 51499 9 533 93(2 

M d f R o o fe rs Kettle W on, M o p h o lid a y s ' di sa a id i‘y *c oVo r a g ** 
M an. T h ro w ars. tabor a rs C om 
M g m t a b ility a n d sm a ll a f f s li position Rooting Crow press exp roo a Jiffy p r*s s lls 
U N IV E R S A L R O O F IN G 5 3 8 o o ) 
E Rhapsody 
33/74 

 s n a n is 

The 
Army 

RESERVE 

 has an opening 

 for YOU 

COMPLETE 

TRAINING 

 for Prior and 

NonPrior Service 

Men 

Ages: 18-35 

• Carpenters and 
Welders 

• Bulldozer Operator 

• Rough Terrain Fork­ lift Operator 

• Surveyor 

• Mechanics 

• Many More 

CAU 433-9372, OR 
MAIL COUPON TODAY 
.lr 

TO: STC JOE GUAJARDO 
6oo Callaghan Road 

San Antonio, Ti. 7822o 
Ph.: 433-9372 

Noma................................... 

Address................................ 

C ity...................................... 

S ta te 
Z ip ............... 

Phone................................... 

Dot* of lir t h ....................... 

Name and Address 

G2o HELP WANTED 

^ J j S 
K 
U 
A j j W 
62o WIP WANTED 

MISCaiAMOliS 

ASSISTANT MANAGER- 
MANAGER TRAINEE 

Fast growing hill country grocery chain is in need of qualified persons to train for grocery management. 

HARD WORK • LONG HOURS 

W ill lead to a successful and fulfilling position. 

■Ar Excellent opportunity for advancem ent 

★ Company benefits 

★ Paid Vacation 

Call 698-1o33 for appointment 
PBI SUPERMARKETS 

' 
E q u al O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

62o 
Help 

Miscellaneous 
Wanted 

CARRIERS WANTED 
SMALL BICYCLE ROUTES 
LARGE MOTOR ROUTES 
FOR THS SAN ANTONIO NEWS 
CAN EARN SSO TO $25o PER MONTH 
S.A.C. AREA 
From Ashby to Commerce & Alom o to N o . Flores 

CALL N O W — CAN EA RN PRIZES— 
EXTRA CASH— M O V IE PASSES— TRIPS— 
TICKETS IO LOCAL EVENTS ETC. 

FOR FURTHER INFO CALL 

2 2 5 - 7 4 1 I , Ext. 121—between 8:oo a.m. 8 5:oo p.m. 

A n E q u a l O p p o rtu n ity E m p lo y e r 

APARTMENT 
HOUSE 
CARRIERS 

AREAS: 

• Evers Rd. and Wurzboch 

• Vance Jackson and 41o 

W o rk 3 :o o A .M . to 
6 :o o A .M . 

$2oo TO $3oo per mo. 

 or according to route site. 

Call 1o:oo a.m. to 2:oo p.m. 

225-7411, Ext. 112 

 or 6:oo p.m. to 8:oo p.m. 

673-1467 

An (qual Opportunity Employer 

62o 
Help 
Wanted 

1.ooo s o f Jobs 
JOO Choices 
Q ualify now, earn and le a rn 
GO A R M Y 772 M U o r 6S3-o842 

STORE MANAGER 
F o r D u P o n t S tore in H o u sto n , 
T exa s E x p e rie n c e n e c e s s a ry 
S a la ry p lu s p e rc e n ta a e of net p ro fit, e x c e lle n t w o rk in g cond" ‘ lions. M a il resum e to: 4ooo B A ir- j line, Houston. Tex. 77o2J or ca ll i 
713-7119._________________________ , 
Students and teenagers wanted to s e ll (lo w e rs on s tre e t c o rn e rs I o fte r school and w eekends E x- I cedent earnings ond bonuses, no I experience necessary-w ili tra in 
661-3oS9 
T e l e p h o n e s o l ic it o r s 
Split shift, 3o hour week, ho u rly w age, not sales w o rk , a p p ly in person at 344 W Com m erce 
Texaco Tex M o rt no 12 self ser- v ic e s ta tio n , N a co g d o ch e s Rd past T h o u sa n d s O aks O r. N ew lo c a tio n o p e n in g s o o n * 1 N eed m a n a g e r ond 4 p a rttim e o fte n d o nts, p e rm a n e n t io b 
A ll a p ­ p lic a tio n s to A J. P loch O il Co 
5747 D ietrich Rd 4 5pm daily tor in te rvie w No phone colls oleosa 

Pueblo 

 spy officer tells of Communist seizure 

T ru ck D riv e r-M a te ria l m on 
E x p e rie n c e d only P e rm a n ­ ent job w ith lo ca l com pony. 
A p p ly in p e rso n b etw e en 9 and t i AM 
TACCO 
12o18 W A R F IE L D 

TUT CAR DRIVERS 
★ Minimum UGE 25 years or older 

 tv Good driving record required 
★ Day or night driving it Valid Texas Driver s license required 
Call 684-231o ext. 291 
AUTOMOTIVE RESEARCH 
ASSOCIATES, INC 
I Equol Opportunity Employee 

 requirer 

A 
AUTOR 

V 
Ait Equol I iw iR iu , im - 
Opportumty Employer X 

614 SKILLS TRUES 
616 - FOOD DRINK SERVICES 

Q fU N N 
I 
{MOBILE I 

 r 
TOP QUALITY 
~ 
BOOTMAKER 
ORMS EMPLOYMENT 
OPPORTUNITIES 
Due to expansion we ore hiring experienced 

 a Stitchers 
• Bootmakers 
• Finishers 
• Potrhmen 
* 
Hospitalization Insurance 
Fold Vocation A 
Holidays otter 6 months iob Security, no lay-oHs 
S day week, some overtime ovoilable lf Qualified, opply in person at 
LUC CHESE IOO! COMPANY 
12346 I. Houston S troo t 
Son A ntonio, 7 *2 o 5 
L 
PH. (5 1 2 )-2 2 6 -1 3 S 3 
A 

HELP! 
MECHANIC 
WANTED 
>11 round mechanic for coe lot 
Must be able to do Tune Ups 
Valve Jobs. Overhauls. Ak con ditioning, Clutch, broke fobs, tire balancing ond Changing 
TRADE 
WINDS 
AUTO SALES 
3 o o 3 S.W . MILITARY 

GUNN 
OLDSMOBILE 

NEEDS 
MECHANICS 

Experienced 
Line ond 

Front 
End 
Mechanics 

Needed. 
Good 
Wages, 

Fringe 
Benefits, and 

Extras in Modern, Cleon 

Shop. 

Contact: John Ray 
Gunn . 
Oldsmobile 

824-o411 

T R U ttK D R IV E R 
W AR EH O U S EM AN N E E D E D ! 
C o m m ercial License N ecessary 
R etired M ilita ry P re fe rre d Apply in Person 
RAMS P L U M B IN G 
HOI BR OADW AY 
I 

I 
I 
I 

JIM S COFFEE SHOP 

Is Now Accepting 
Applications For 
WAITRESS 
A 12 midnight— 7 a.m. shift tk Excel lent benefits 
* Generous storting salary 

Apply in parson ta Sondy Colley 
41o8 Broadway between 8 a.m.-3 p.m. 

W A N T E D 
A n te n n a in s ta lle r o n d re la te d service Steady em ploym ent. A n­ tenna Specialty E n terprises. 43o5 
N M cCullough, 826 7343__________ d tA N fe b 
M on who is re tire d to work on ranch M ust know how to operate tra c to r 
W ork is lig h t 
736-3942 

PART TIME NIGHTS 
JACK IN THI BOX 
FAMILY RESTAURANTS 
Needs Night People tk Fart lima position from 
IO p m.-4 Ojo. 
Mature ond stable individuals grow with on industry lender which offers: 
• Paid Vocation 
• Hospitalisation 
H you ore alert, responsible and a night ewt, apply in parson 8-1o e.m. at 
12o2 Austin Hwy. 
No phono calls please 
Equol Opportunity Employer 

J ASSISTANT J 

J MANAGER + 

6 
TO JOIN LARGE 
4 

6 MANAGEMENT FIRM+ 

♦ 3 3 7 - 4 2 4 1 . ♦ 

DO YO U L O V E , Y o u r p re s e n t iob? lf not. and you w ant to earn 
54oo a mo 
P a rt-tim e o r m o re fu ll-tim e in a io b you con lo ve call: 
Boutique 
Cosm etics., 
341-854o 
________ 

W onted 
A m bitious people in te r­ ested in a d d itio n a l in co m e , no e x p e rie n c e n e c e s s a ry , we w ill from , phone 623 4574 or 673 3284 
W ont H u sky L o ca l P o rt or fu ll- tim e College Student truck d riv e r. 
C om m ercial license No Sm oking 
Good Poy 
F IS H E R S. 145o NE 
Loop 41o________________________ 
W AREHO USE 
S634o 
Am bitious person over 21 tor top co M a ry 828-6494 New Day Per sonnet Conslts. 9o1 NE Loop 41o. 
Suite 518 

By SA R A M A R T IN E Z 
T he poet who said, “ I am the m aster of my fate, I am the captain of my soul.” was wrong, an intelligence officer aboard the USS Pueblo when it was seized by the North Koreans said 
F rid a y night. 
“ T h i s is t e r r i b l e t h e o lo g y . " said 
Ut. 
Cm dr. Stephen K 
H a r­ ris' . guest speaker at the Christian Business 
M en s C om m ittee D in ­ ner meeting 
“ E v e r y o n e on the 

 ship realized we were not in charge when the five Korean ships sur­ rou nd ed u s , " H a r r is said. 
“ We all realized the course of our lives was going to change drasti­ cally. I also realized I w ou ld need s tr e n g th that this w orld alone cou ld not p r o v i d e . " 
Harris said. 
B ib le 

“ This strength was to be found in one of my personal possessions — 

 m y B ib le,” H a rris said. 
“ W hen the N o rth K o r­ eans confiscated it and tossed it aside, they did not re a liz e that b la c k book w as f a r m o re powerful than any wea­ pon I could conceal ." 
A fte r th e ir c a p tu re , the m e n a b o a rd the 
P u e blo w e re ta k e n to the N o rth K o re a n c a ­ pitol 
“ W e w e re conscious of a godlessness there," 
H arris satd 
“ I t ’s hard to d e s c r ib e the e e rie feeling that perm eates 

 the atm osphere.” 
“ K o r e a w a s once a center for great C h ris ­ tia n a c t i v i t y b e fo re 
C o m m un ism ,” 
H arris said 
“ But none has survived.” 

No ch u rc h e s 

H a r r i s said his c a p ­ tors told him there was r e lig io u s fre e d o m in 
N o rth 
K o r e a , 
" b u t w hen they took us on tours, 
I never saw a church." 
Im m ediately after the 

 prisoners arrived at the 
N o rth K o re a n c a p ito l, they w ere sentenced to die. 

“ I waited for an em o­ tion of f e a r . ” H a r r i s said “ But fear was re ­ placed by joy at the ab­ solute knowledge thai I w ou ld soon be w ith 
H i m . ” 

“ We have an eternity w aiting for us and if we go to God His way, we are assured of everlast­ ing life ,” H a rris said 

622 DOMESTIC 

DRUG CLERK 
M ust be healthy. Apply a tte r 6pm on Mon . Wed. o r F ri only 
STAR DRUG STORE 
125o Highland Blvd______ 

EXPERIENCED MAID 
N eeded to r W a k e fie ld S ta rd u s t 
Apts A pply in person See M rs 
W hitney 85o6 W akefield_________ 
L lv e -in a n d c a re to r e ld e r ly 
Room & board. 924-76o7 
L iv e in h o u s e k e e p e r, p r iv a te room , unencum bered, m ust nave d r iv e r 's lic e n s e R oom , b o a rd , m onthly salary H o rlandale area 
626 1542_________________________ 
M A IO , L iv e -in , m a tu re pe rso n , lig h t housekeeping and care tor in ten t 349 43o5__________________ 
Nof’d a live in m aid ond b a b ysit­ te r fo r 2 y r o ld boy 
349-698o 
1oam 1opm Rennye or C hris 
Need m iddle age lady to live in to c a re a g e d la d y , c a ll b e tw e e n 
IQ am -tpm . 337 5261. 
One day per week housecleaning ond some childcare. 6 hours. SIS in cluding ca r tare . 492-2411 M rs 
Fagan a tte r 2 am 
S in g le E N G L IS H S P E A K IN G 
L tV E -IN m o ld , good io b . good 
POV 342 23S1, 828-66o9 

E xperienced tire changer, excel lent pay ond benefits. 736-4329. 

Young, single lady to stay w ith J g irls (8 ond 9) and boy I t . 2 or 3 i days o week. 922-o9o3____________ 

624 SITUATIONS WANTED 

E xperienced Masseuse to w o rk in beauty salon, 736-o411__________ 

FASHION TWO TWENTY 
C o s m e tic s -p a rt tim e a v a ila b le 
M ature woman only Coll 344-1891 
Four or Five Axle tro c to r-tra ile r rigs, ow ner-operotor. for hauling s a n d -g ra v e l in H o u s to n a re a 
L o n g te rm h a u lin g c o n tra c ts 
P re m iu m rate s C o nta ct: B E R L 
BARNES or 
M AR LO N 
H IL L , 
713 499 2596 

RILL OR PARTTIME 

575-1So PER W EE K 

CAII 341-22o5 

ANNOUNCER 

An Experienced TV ra d io 
Public 
Address 
Announcer w ith news, m opix, a u d io p ro d u ctio n , new spaper, PR, a n d dram atics in b a c k ­ g ro u n d w ho has been o u t o f circu la tio n fig h tin g a w in ­ ning b a ttle ogam st cancer is now lo oking to RETURN TO 
W O R K C A II KEN AT 

9 2 3 - 4 6 7 7 

HEW plans examination of Medicaid data in S.A. 

W a n ted 2 
P a tr o lm a n -4 2 tirs-S4 hour, good d riv in g record, dog handling exp r e q u ire d and w illin g to relocate to Houston. 349-T346 
9am-2pm 

Warehouse delivery 
M u s t b * n e a t and c le a n rn a p ­ pearance local references A pply in Person: 
O 'K re n t F lo o r C overing 
3oo San Pedro 

J it Inspectors 
I ★ Sewing Machine 
Operators 

EXPERIENCED O N LY 
I CMT CORP 
I 227 Lone Star Blvd. j 
2 2 6 - 5 5 2 6 
J 

W A R E H O U S E H E L P , e x c e lle n t c o m o a n y b e n e fits . I d o y s p e r w eek, SO hou rs o w eek. a p p ro x ­ im ately two nights o week out of to w n tra v e lin g e xp e n se s p a id 
Coll George W right at 533-o1o3 
W H E E L 
A L IG N IN G 
A N D 
B R A K E 
W O R K . 
E X P E R ­ 
IE N C E D 
B e ar W heel A lig n in g 
1422 N Co lo ra d o 
__ 
WILSON IN T E R N A T IO N A L 
84 NE LOOP 41o SUITE HOE 
___________ 512-34o-141) 

GOLF CODRSE 
MAINTENANCE MAN 

S hould h ave e x p e rie n c e in golf course or law n m a in te n ­ ance 
P e rm a n e n t p o s itio n im m ediate opening 
HOMECRAFT CORP 
NDRTHCLIEEE 
659-o391 

GREENHOW- 
GROWER 

C o re fo r e ld e r ly la d y n e a r St 
L e o s 
Church 
922-9677, 
Ana, 
' Anglo 
C H fe E a 
U L~N U R S E---------- 
H om em aker w ith cor os com oan jio n to o ld e r , r e tir e d or h a n d ic a p p e d la d y 
W ill liv e in 
F ie x o b le d a y tim e h o u rs o ff 
Salary negotiable 824 4717 
E X P E R IE N C E D Young Loda de sire s p e rm a n e n t w ork as recap h o rn s ! 
P r e fe r s D r s o ttlc 
N orthside Con type 732-1688 . 
H a rry 
Area 

Ben M u lle n , I 6 , ta k e s a d v a n ta g e o f the la te a fte rn o o n w in d s to sail d o w n a street in C a rp in te ria , C a lif. Frien d s M a rk D u cker, I o , a n d R o b e rt K o g a , 1 5 , tra il u sin g m u scle p o w e r. 
— A P W ir e ­ ph o to 

 fXPSESVNfWS CAPITOL BUREAU 

A U S T I N - TIU- r e ­ cords of ill physicians and about 25, p h a rm a ­ cists will be c hec ked by federal investigators in 
San Antonio beginning 
M arch 21 
All have had “ higher than n o rm a l” billings u n d e r the 
M e d ic a id program 
The investigation will be c a r r ie d out by a team of six representa­ tives from the D e pa rt­ ment of Health. Educa­ tion an d W e l f a r e in 
Washington. D C. 
M a x O d o m , a c tin g regional commissioner for the H E W in Dallas, said F riday San Anton­ io is one of four Texas cities due the exam ina­ tion by federal author­ ities 
N ation w ide lie said it is part of nationwide sampling of the use of f e d e r a l l y * funded M e d ic a id pro- 

616 rom DRINK SERVICES 

M E C H A N IC 
M u tt be fu lly experienced E xce l­ lent w o rkin g conditions ond com ­ pony benefits Contact 
I Broughton M otors 
213o Austin Hw y 655 o241 
Ngqd person expe rienced in die- vol ond gas engine assem bly and 
'• fla ir ond all oround shop w ork j j w m 

OFFSET PRESSMEN 
Openings tor qua lifie d Pressm en fo r fo llo w in g e q u ip m e n t f.ip x lS c h ie f, 11x17 M u lti a lso i* x l5 A T F. ond 29" Com m ander. 
Paragon Press Inc. 123 W E lm ir- o. m -8687. 

OPTICAL LAB 
D a lla s lo b need zyi a n d m e ta l m o u n te rs , a ls o lens p u lle rs 
It in te re s te d w rite R o y a l O p itc o i 
3942 Irv in g B lvd D allas, Tx 75247 
(214)438 1397 

PARTS CODNTER MAN 
E (p e n a n c e w ith m a n a g e m e n t c a p a b ilitie s P a rk T en V o lv o 
I Seoul. 731-3143 
I 
P o s itio n open I or e x p e rie n c e d hair dresser 474 1961 
Pos! Setters tem o Hiders, POS' | lio n s a v a ila b le im m e d ia te 
149 75o8 494 7478 
O T A l i f 18'6 > fto J e c m r o i T T 
E I R send re s u m e to PO Box 
13o174, San A ntonio 78218 
W E T o 'l6 o o A f lO N A IR Cond! h o n in g 
R o p a ir 
• 
S e r v le t sam 4 1opm top p o s itio n KOOI w h it 
A ir 
C o n d itio n in g 
H IO 
C o p e ia ** 222 o384 
Poolers, exp only, wood ond com p roots, new construction C all a fte r 
RPM, i n 445$ s n l l 1 6 a n if u hts fc i L in s 
CONSTRUCTION 
WORK kll-7 7 3 3 
Smith F in ish e r's experience only 
■ ■ 
534 8o7} 
[ s F I e e t c o n s t r u c t i o n in 
Pearson to r skilled ond unskilled w o rk e r s 
E q u a l O p p o r tu n ity 
E m p lo y e r, c a ll Soouin. 379 8581 
|flfl» or P H M 

 s u p e r i n t e n d a n Tt T o h 
CONSTRUCTION CO 
Heavy construction and develop m oot firm in F o rt W orth ond D a l­ las m e tro p la x M u s t n o v o m in ­ im um ot S years experience, some college re q u ire d Responsible tor large construction crew , in volved in underground utilitie s, ra m m e r cial buildings, streets and m otor thoroughfares, earth m oving and la n d s c a p in g K n o w le d g e of sur 
• eying re q u ire d P e rm a n e n t po kitten, excellent pay, other h in g e benefits, send resum e to m e E x ­ p ress ond Nows. Box No 4522 
|Son Antonio, Tx 78297 
Tho l i l y of K irby'," T exa s is at"- 
(c o lin g a p p lica tio n s tor a pub lic work supervisor E xperienced in stre e t c o n s tru c tio n ond t epo tr 
B eginning s o lo ry $7oo a m onth 
Send le tter ot app lica tion ond re s u m o to C ity S e c re ta r y , 111 
Baum an 
SI , 
San 
Antonio, 
TX b i n t 

FRONTIER 

ENTERPRISES 

DINNER-HOUSE 

DIVISION 

Is accepting applications for: 

• Busboys • Busgiris 
• Waiters • Waitresses 
• Hosts 
• Hostesses 

A p p ly In Rots on 

M o n d a y - F r id a y , 
o :3 o a .m .-4 :o o p.m . 

8S2o CROWN HILL BLVD. 

W AITRESS B BUS BOYS 
K IT C H E N H E LP 
A pply in parson o r c o ll H u n g ry 
F orm er S lit Son Pedro. 342 9998 
W AITRESS CASHIER 
M ust be exp to w a it on coun ter and g r ill. H rs S-12 E v e n in g * . 
Pleasant w o rk. 52 IO par h r, ro t req A p ply at once. B o w la ra m a 
Lone*, 4719 Btonco R d __________ 
W aitress tutl tim e Los M esquites. 
8o7 Moursuwd. opply o tte r 5 
W AITRESS wanted, experienced, apply in person (ro m 4 pm 7 pm 
Stockman 
R estaurant, 
4o9 
E 
Comm erce____________________ _ 

P refer person w ith experience in flo ric u ltu re or h o rtic u ltu re to as­ sist in grow ing of bloom ing olants in com m e rcial greenhouses M ust hove the am bitio n and a b ility to fu rth e r them selves ond this com- pony 648-1291___________________ 

Handicapped Only 
Steady E m ploym e nt. 52 an hour 
I s ta rt 513-8*81__________________ I- 
H A N D Y M AN to help in sign shop, -I 
I 14o7 W H ildebrand_____________ 
Im m e d ia te E m p lo y m e n t to r ox- ( o e rie n c e d g o rd n e r, p o o l, o n d g e n e ra l m a in te n a n ce fo r n o rth wast com ple x, m ust have re fe r­ ences Cat! Mon thru F ri. 12pm to 
I Sflm. 342 9321 
_______________ 

In fo n t Core in m y home 
W urzbach-R ittim an 
822 o741 
LA D Y WANTS tL E A N IN G AND 
IRO N ING . DAYS WORK 
C A LL 
534 749o 
____________ 
L ite H ousew ork, $ days. 517 wk 
M rs A M orek. 222 St Thornton, 
Gonzales, Tx 
M e d ica l b itte r conva lescent, eh de rly, com panion 734 4969 
N u rsin g the sick e ld e rly ; hom e! hosp or nursing homo, 924-4788 
P o rt Tim e B 6 o K K E E P IN G in my home 736 2798 otter 5____________ 
Reg child core in m y home Age* 
3 y r* and up. 525 wk. 661-2552 
(K irb y ) 

REGISTERED CHILDCARE 
In m y home. NW oreo ot Town, 
684 4721 

 s Attorney, stockbroker sentenced 

 w a itre s s 
W hite R oom Lou ngy, nights, 52 25 hr plus tips 342 9248 

WHATA6DRGER 

N eeds p e rm a n e n t (u lt tim e men and woman tor new Aus­ tin Hwy R estaurant Apply in p e rs o n 1517 A u s tin H w y 
IA 4orn only 
No phono calls please 

WHATABDRGER 

Needs p e rm a n e n t lu ll tim e men and women 
A p ply in person 
4127 Naco P e rrin No phono colts aloose 

W illing w o rk tr w ith m anagem ent 

IMMEDIATE OPENINGS l f TR A IN E E S 
New ope n in g s fo r San A n to n io residents to work w ith our hyd ro filte r M ust be 18 yrs or over w ith m inim um I yr residence F u ll or p a rt tim e o v o ila b le 
No e x p e r­ ience necessary 
_________ C A LL 342 5224_________ 
JOIN THE AR M Y R E SE R VE 
C A LL: JOE G UAJA RD O 
_____________633 4372____________ 

JOIN THE BIGGEST- 
Jot) Opportunity in Town 

TY PIS T 
SE C R E TA R Y 
SA LES M E N 
O FPSET P R IN TE R S 
K now ledge ot Spanish A p p ly in person 1216 Wast Ave 

KENNEL WARDEN 
Who to v o i A nim als e x p e rie n c e in to e d s o rv tc # to ( 
4 o « rd o n d S a la ry 
No 
1 D rinking, good tor re tire d person 
412 74S1 (to m to 12noon) OSS 14*1 
( I o m s p rn) 

B A R T E N O R E S S A N D CO C K I 
T A IL W A IT R E S S E S n e e d e d , some experience necessary, The 
Com ic S tria, ap p ly in parson at 
25o7 G oliad Rd C o ll 133 2o51 or 
513 8788 C r appointm ent 

 m o n a d a H o lid a y Inn in W ast 
Tokos Send resum e to Box 9o5. 
Los C ruets, N M 88*91__________ 

WORK SATDRDAY ONLY 
P o rte d lob for teenagers 
DISHW ASHER 
BUS H E LP 
Apply in person only 
TA S T E S E T T C R R E S T A U R A N T 
Second Level, F rost B rothers 

B o rtendres* wanted p a rttim e . p ly in person I 
Dub. U IS Camden m ix drinks, opply in parson Th# 
B u rn t O range C k 

62o 
Help 
Miscellaneous 
Wanted 

Ask tor E m it 

EXPRESS- 
NEWS 
Want 
Ads 
CALL 

2 
2 
5 
- 1 
6 
6 
6 

Bus Boy or Bus G irl w onted I U 
N orth Star M oll. La Puente M e* icon R astooronf 
C A S H IE R 
A N O 
C O U N T E R 
H E L P , a d v a n c e m e n t p o s s ib le , p o rt tim e and lu ll tim e pe rm a n tn t, good disposition, easy sm ile, frie n d ly e n v iro n m e n t, a p p ly in person 2-4 pm M onday S aturday. 
Sea island S hrim p House. 121 w 
R a der ocress fro m N orth Star 
WPM. 
CO CKTAIL W AITRESSES 
AN D W AITER S tor now French stylo resta ura nt. 
COH (24 4)92 (lo o m 4 )oorn Mon 
F ri only) 
I 
C o oks 
H e lp e r fo r 
M e x ic a n 
R estaurant 
Call a tte r 
1PM 

D A N C E R S needed, top w o * ts 
Cam Otter lp m 444 4881__________ 
E x p e rie n c e d B a rte n d e r s o n d 
W aitresses wonted tra m W ednei day th ro u g h S unday n ig h t 7-3 
N o rtheast lo cation, c a ll 834 91o4 
(Of m ore twier m otion___________ 

EXPERIENCED FLAME f OOO WAITER 
Patio Room. M onger Hotel 
M onon G a rd e n s w a itre s s . 4 IO pm, S days. 1747 S WW W hite Rd 
Man end wife tor m gnt eikon up w o rk , m e o ls e n d u n ifr m s lu r ! m itred excellent salary ond ben 
•tits , M r M ille r 814 1841_________ ' 
NIGHT B A R T E N D S R needed tor 
O xtail Lounge al S ta re r# *! Loop 
41o Apply in person____________ 

A c c e p tin g A p p lic a tio n s to r a»- sombty w ork at 11317 N W oidnor 
Rd Tim ely Homes E qual Oppor tunity E m ployer________________ 
APPLIANCE 
E A R N IN G S TO IS2o 
Due to expansion wa have open mas for skilled ond unskilled pee pie in the a p p lia n ce fie ld C om ­ pany w ill tra in 
No oxperionco necessary 

M 3 m r 

NIGHTIME COOKS 
E xp e rie n ce d d in n e r cooks Top wages, good hou rs ond w o rk in g conANdns P erm anent tabs Con la d M aurice F e rre ll 
MY PUCE R E S M A N ! 
__________ 144-6214_________ 
PART T IM E H E LP 
D AY et EVE HOURS 
Apply in person only 
• IL L M IL L E R EAR b u 
West Ave at Jackson Keller 
E qual opp ortunity em ployer 

T EA RO OM M A N A G E R 
Need e xpe rienced m anage r tor g ro w in g to g re o m b u s in e s s , lis n ie t between 9 i m I p m , 

A pt co m m u n ity s e c u rity g u a rd , m ature, re tire d w ith m ilita ry or law enforcem ent experience 
427-4341________________________ 

 l l assem bly w o rkers to r wood tru s s # * c o m p o n y 
4o h o u r week w ith o vertim e A pply in person between 
9AM and h a m 
TACCO 
HO U W A R F IE L D 

ASSISTANT M AN A G E R needed tor nod hsido opt p ro p e r tv 2 Y rs experience. 
A P A R T M E N T JOBS OF S A 
828 o194 
Kmotormen! Consultant* 

Beeline 
226-23o3 

B ill p e lte r tra in e e . 4o h r week, must be able clim b heights. 1714 
N Panam E xp re ssw a y C ontact hrs 4om-4pm________________ _ 

Church Custodian 
6oh r week, 7 M i t t N Tues and 
Sal a fte rn o o n s att 
No Sunday w o rk , s ta rt SI *6 p a r h r p a id v o c a tio n a n d h o lid a y * 
A p p ly 
H ighland P o rk L u th e ra n C hurch 
76) 
H am m ond at 
S 
Now 
______________________ 
COLLECTOR w ith car, some typ mg. ca r oH owanct For in te rvie w cdtl 828 )164 
_____________ 

CRAFTS 
The G illette Company c o s ie s etc) h a ) a now s u b s id ia ry . A th e n a 
C la t!*, w hich ie oHei m g n e a p tional m anagem ent ond p a rt tim e o p p o rtu n itie s l l yo u o n io y needlew ork end other c ra n * don't e a s t th is u p 
Ne in v e s tm e n t 
'eau.'VO We tra in you. COH M on ager P a tricia J I) M IS 

I LAO IES N E E D E D . I hours dot ly, S d o r week. *7 ) Stanley Home 
P rpdut* inc , S II 16oo 
M a in te n a n c e m a n w ith la rg e a p a rtm e n t co m ple x 
P lu m b in g , electrica l and heating experience e s s e n tia l 
L o c a l re fe re n c e s required 
Apt tu rn 
A pply 
I U 
Vpndorhock___________________ 
M ale or tomato I T ruck Stop co shier, 4o hr week. evening sh ift and re lie f sh ift, p o rm a n o n t lob, m o to r# , lo c a l re fe re n c e s S ta rt 
54)1 OO m onth, re tire d m ilita ry welcome A ll A p plications to A J 
Ploch O il Co S747 D ie tric h Rd 
4-)p m d a lly to r in te r v ie w 
No phone cows oleos*______________ 
M AN between I ) 4) to r p e n n o n en! yard and gen era l duty w ork w ith la rg o a p t c o m p le x 
No d rifte rs or d rin ke rs 
A pply I U 
VA N D ER H EC K_________________ 
N E E D E D AT ONCE 
P a rt tim e leasing agent, opp rex i JO h rs w o o k ly . in c lu d in g som a weekend* M ust ha y* refe ren ce* e n d t r a n s p o r ta tio n 144 I I J I 
1 *>B ih t4 r* M ill Apts 
____ 
N E E D E D IM M E D IA T E L Y 
G as c o m p re s s o r o p e ra to r m e chan ic. m erer m on to r in depon dont gasoline plant, booster sin 
(io n o n d m e te rs 
L o c a te d e t 
P earsall Texas Coil M r Russell 
Wells, ot t i l 114 4 )U or M r S L b im * 415 447 74111 
Need people in m y office fu ll tie d o v o p e n in g s a n d p a r t tim e nights Phone persona lity a m u tt 
Apply ot IOO J Son Pedro, Room 8 

N o ta I tru c k stop A tte n d a n ts 
S e rvice M en. m g n t s h ift, S day w e ek, m a tu re , w illin g w o rk e r, 
; p e rm a n e n t lo b 
T o x a c o T ru c k 
Center Gas and E at T ru ck Stop 
Start 5**o m onth A il A p p lica tio n * lo A J P itc h Oil Co 5747 O tolnch 
Rd 4 5pm dally tor in te rvie w No phone c o ll* please____________ 

P A R T T I M E 
Due to expansion we hove open m g* tho! m ust be w ird tm m edto 
•cly 
No oepariance necessary 
142 5)28 

P e eled iota for m other who wants p a rt tim e ca re e r: Need a ccurate 
58-6o W PM typ ist Past typing ex penance required H o ur* can be arra nged Coll 7)4 7954 
P e r s o n w h o w o r n d u k e 
GOOD S P AR E T IM E IN C O M E 
NE E OE O TO T E S T M O N E Y 
M A K IN G P LA N Sand short tenor or rosam o lo 
E xpress News Box 
No 4524 71297 
T O T O *" W t - l d T I M 
F ull tim e 
H o u rly p lu s c o m m is s io n 
C a ll 
144-4114. Ask tor Ann 
P lu m b in g m o lin e ! p ric e c le rk 
P o rt tim e. m ust have re ce n t ex penence i i * I I H or 824 o64/ 
Shuttle* dish .a u to r*’ Lull cr port 
J im *, v ita m in * a n a to e d sue elem ent* the healthy way of hie 
1*4-4311, 141 8746 t Kell lee Natural Vitamins, spare lim e sates business 684 *Se8 

 ra n esc i**#> 

Trouble strikes couple again 

By CEC IL CLIFT 
T h e old f a m i l y h o ­ mestead of an elderly couple plagued in r e ­ cent months by sandals and b u rg la rs was e x ­ tensively d am aged by fire of unknown origin 
Friday night. 
T h e I s to ry r e s i ­ d e n c e , o c c u p ie d by 
L um ^lounger, 95. and his wife, Aline. KH, is at 
13(1.1 W averly St 
F ir e m e n suspect a r ­ son in the $14.IHM) blaze. which was reported at 
7:22 p.m. and was under c o n tro l 
23 m in u t e s later, according to Act­ ing Hist 
Chief Henry 
Vidal 
The couple was not at home at the tim e of the fire 
M rs . 
M o u u g e r said the c o u p le has been troubled by vandals and b u r g l a r s in re c e n t months. She said they have carted off valuable fam ily heirloom* 
A n tiq u e s 

“ They have taken old antiques, beautiful pic­ tures oft the w a ll, all our silverware anti t a r ­ rie d off un old m a h o ­ gany Victrola — all be­ cause w e ’ re o ld ,” she said 
She said she believes the fire was started to cover up a b urglary at­ tempt 
M r s . M o u n g e r said she and h e r h u s b a n d a re now l iv in g in a house they own nearby. 
They have e ig h t c h i l ­ dren, 25 grand child ren aud n u m e r o u s g r e a t ­ grandchildren 
I 
“ W e ’ve lived i ii San i A n to n io fo r m a n y , m any years, but we've never seen San Antonio 
] as had as it is now ,” she said. 
M rs 
M o u u g e r said she and h er h u s b a n d are staunch Texans and th a t his g r a n d f a t h e r and g re a t-g r a n d fa th e r had the d is tin c tio n ot fighting Santa Anna iii the Battle of San Jactn- 

By B IL L M IN T Z 

San Antonio attorney 
P atrick L 
Searcy and stockbroker George C. 
G a s k e ll 
J r . , 
F r i d a y were each sentenced to two years in prison and fined $5,(HH) for falsify­ ing loan applications 
Searcy, his wife and mother have filed a $4.3 m i l l i o n c iv il su it in 
A u stin in con nection w ith the case against 
G a s k e l l , 
R a u s c h e r - 
Pierce Securities Corp and two other fo rm e r 
R a u s c h e r - P ie r c e o f f i ­ cials. 

In that suit, and d u r­ ing F r id a y ’s sentencing p ro c e e d in g s 
S e a rc y said he did not know he was involved in illegal activity. 

Gaskell pleaded g uil­ ty to conspiring to fal­ sify loan applications to a series of San Antonio banks. 

Searcy pleaded guilty to m akin g a false state­ ment on a single loan application 

T h e c o n s p ir a c y i n ­ dictment stated Gaskell w o u ld te ll b a n k e rs 
S e a r c y had o rd e r e d c o r p o r a t e bonds th r o u g h 
R a u s c h e r - 
P ie rc e which w ere of­ fered for collateral for loans S e a rcy ap p lie d for. 

But 
S e a rc y n e v e r bought the bonds, the indictment charged 

T h e proceeds fro m the loans were used for s p e c u la t iv e i n v e s t ­ ments 

Searcy’s lawyer, Sea- gel Wheatley, told U.S. 
Bist. Judge I) W Suttle 

R uling pending 

A m edical exam iner's ruling is (tending in the 
F rid a y night death of a 
U n i v e r s a l 
City man found dead in his g a r­ age 

Pronounced dealt at 
7 111 p in. al Green Ho­ s p ita l is 
R i c h a r d 
Gandv. 39. of 222 F lin t- stone Drive 

Gandy was reportedly found insid e his c a r p a rk e d iii his closed g a r a g e 
F r i d a y a ( le i noon 
T h e c a r ’ s e n g in e was r u n n in g , 
Univ ennui City invest i- j i ' d o r i i 

S e a rc y b o r ro w e d 
$256,ooo to m a k e restitution on the loans and did not profit from the scheme. 
Both W h e a tle y and 
G a s k e l l 's a t t o r n e y . 
Jam es I) 
Stewart, a r ­ gued for probation for their clients. 
Judge Suttle re c o m ­ mended the two men serve their sentences ut the federal correctional institution at La Tuna 

> 
I P s a r e s e e k i n j i 

 f a t a l i t y w i t n e s s 

Ft. Sam Houston M ilita ry Police are look­ ing for a man who may have witnessed a traffic fatality on the m ilita ry post Tuesday afternoon 
A m ilita ry spokesman said the young p ri­ vate. Debra Frost, IK, apparently lost control of her m otorcycle and struck a telephone jade. 
The accident re p orte d ly o ccurred about 
3 3o p m Tuesday on Stanley Road just west of North New Braunfels Avenue 
The v ic tim was pronounced dead at 3:3o p rn F riday at Brooke A rm y Medical Center, where she was taken following the accident 
The man being sought m ay have in fo rm a ­ tion on how the accident occurred 
He re ­ portedly slopped at the scene of the accident to give aid ad left when his help was not needed. the spokesman said 
Anyone w ith any in fo rm a tio n about the accident or the witness should contact Ft 
Sam M ilita ry Police ut 221-3oo1 or 221-3262 

NLRB dismisses charge against S.A. restaurant 

T h e N a tio n a l L ab or 
R e la tio n s B o a rd has dismissed an unfair la­ bor p r a c tic e c h a r g e against the T o w e r of 
The Am ericas re s ta u r­ ant. 
The charge, filed by the Hotel. M otel. Res­ tau ra n t 
E m p lo y e es & 
Bartend ers Local No 
652, A F L -C U ), claimed unlaw ful discharge of 
George Thompson, the 
Slaying suspect returned 

A m a n c h a r g e d in c o n n e c tio n w ith the m urder of a vining wo­ man in a city park ha* been extradited to San 
A ntonio fro m C a l i f o r ­ nia 
T h e m an had been lodged in th e 
Lo s 
A n g e le s C o u n ty J a i l since Novem ber of last y ear aw a itin g e x tr a d i­ tion proceedings 
Bexar County Jail of­ ficials said the m a n , 
E n c Howard Green. 23. was r e tu r n e d to Sun 
Antonio e a rlie r iii lite week on a governor s warrant charging linn with m u rd er 
City hom icide detec­ tives said the man was w anted iii connection with the slaying of Mrs 
Dorothy louise Conifer, 
57. of Harlingen 
H er semi-nude iiody was found in M a r t in 
L u th e r King P a rk on 
Get. 21 
She had been ru n o v e r m o re th a n once with a vehicle. |m»- lice said 
111 lieu ol a 
$15,(HNI bond set by Hist 
Court Judge John Ben- 

 a lle g e d union p r e s i ­ dent 
“ As a result of the in v e s tig a tio n , it does not appear that further 
Carter eyes 
Strauss for trade talks 

W A S H I N G T O N ( A P ) 
— P re s id e n C a r t e r a n ­ nounced tod ay he is n o m in a tin g f o r m e r 
D e m o c r a t ic n a tio n a l c h a ir m a n 
R o b e rt 
S 
Strauss to he his special representative for trade negotiations 
A Dallas attorney who serv cd as Dem oc ra t ic p a rty c h a i r m a n u n til 
J a n u a r y . S tra u s s w ill draw a salary of $6 6,IHM a y e a r and have a m b a s ­ sadorial rank in Ills new post. 
( arter also announced he has approved an e x ­ ception to his c o n flic t- of-interest guidelines for 
Strauss because the T e x ­ an has a 3o per cent stock in te re s t iii the f a m i l y - owned S tra u s s B r o a d ­ casting Co and lias 35 per ce n t of his in v e s t- menu in stock ut the 
V alley Slate Bank 
Carter is perm itting 
S tra u s s to put a ll his h oldin gs in to a b lin d tru s t ****“ ' 
'* 

 p ro c e e d in g s on the t barge is warranted in* a.sinuch as there is in­ sufficient evidence id v i o l a t i o n . ” re a d the 
N L R B decision Issued 
Thursday. 
T h e d e c is io n w as signed by latins Baidu- vin J r., regional direc- tor of the 23rd Region of the N L R B in San A n ­ tonio 
The N L R B ruling fol­ lows an N L R B Secret 
Ballot election conduct­ ed among the restaur­ ant's employes M arch 
4 
The m ajo rity of the employes voted against union representation 
In 1974 employes also turned down the union’s 
Iud for representation 

 g ram s tor w elfare reci­ pients 
T e x a s W e lfa r e C o m ­ m is s io n e r 
R a y m o n d 
V o w el! e m p h a s iz e d in 
A u s tin none of those whose records are to he exam ined is suspected of any wrongdoing. 
V n u e l l ’s o ffic e said the inspection is part of an authorized check of use of th** f in a n c ia lly troubled M edicaid pro­ gram 
C h e c k s h a v e been m a d e of p h y s ic ia n s , p h a rm a c is ts , m e d ic a l and X -ra y laboratories in Massachusetts, Ohio and G e o r g ia u n d e r a congressionally ap­ proved program . 
C h e c k s a r e also s c h e d u le d fo r the r e ­ m ainder of the nation’s ll) m o s t p o p ulou s states. 
T h e in v e s tig a to rs in 
San A n to n io w ill look into records of the phy­ s ic ia n s and p h a r m a ­ cists for a p o rtio n of 
1976 to d e te rm in e the e x te n t of w e lf a r e recipients’ use of M e d i­ caid programs. 
Interviews 
T h e fe d e r a l i n v e s t i­ gators w ill also i n t e r ­ view a ra n d o m s e le c ­ tion of w e l f a r e r e c i ­ pients from among the doctors' patients 
“ T here is no invasion of privacy here because the doctors a g re e d to m a k e t h e i r re c o rd s available for inspection when they signed on the 
M e d ic a id p r o g r a m . ” 
Vow ell said 
V o w e ll said the doc­ tors whose records are to he checked have been notified of the inv e s ti­ gation 
Robbery suspect jailed 

A 34-year-old man is in B e x a r County J a il a ft e r b ein g re tu r n e d f ro m C a l i f o r n i a th is week by s h e riff's d e ­ puties on two warrants c h a r g in g a g g r a v a t e d robbery with a deadly weapon 
The warrants, issued bv Dist Judge John G 
Benavides, were issued in connection with two r o b b e r ie s in 
B e x a r 
County in 1975. sheriff’s officers san! 
Jailed in lieu of bonds totaling $xn.(HH) set by 
D is t, 
C o u rt 
J u d g e 
James K Barlow is .Je­ sus Flores. 
F lo r e s re p o r te d ly waved extradition from 
C a lifo r n ia , w h e re he was serving a burglary s e n te n c e at 
S o le d a d 
P r is o n , in v e s tig a to r s said 
He was paroled 
Sunday fro m Soledad anti returned here 
Stock drop stumps exec 

A steady d e lim e in 
O ly m p ia B re w in g Co stink prices that has nearly cut stock value 

 iii half the past week has company officials b a ffle d , a vice p r e s i ­ dent said Friday 
O lym p ia is owner of 
Lone Star Brewing Co here 
“ T here has been a lot of aetiv its and we really 

 don't u nd erstan d i t , ” c o m m e n te d 
L lo y d 
Biddy, v ice president in charge of piddle affairs fo r the brewery 

The stoe p o in ts a sh. 

W a sh 11 
Iou 

 dropped IK e F nd av 

Man killed by car 

A M aryland resident died Friday after Unrig struck by a car between intersections in the 14oo block of Austin H ig h ­ way 
T h e p e d e s tr ia n . N i ­ cholas M 
In g ra m . 27. of Derwood. Md , was p ro n o u n c e d d e a d of 

 m u l t ip l e in j u r i e s at 
Brooke A rm y M edical 
Center at 12 IO a iii 
Police identified the driver of the westbound a u t o m o b ile in th e 
T h u rs d a y n ig h t a c c i­ d en t as 
A va ti e ll 
M 
Staggs. 27. of K43K Quail 
Creek Drive 

Biddy f ro m 
W ash . people the dei 
Ii ave a men! to make 
I he stock 

. said by phone 
Turn* ater, the f in a n c ia l w ere studying lin e and may f o r m a l s ta te - 
Monday ov e r - t h e counter hid price was 
IC Q F rid a y , while the asking price was 32:G 
I hat c o m p a r e s to 
HO14 hid the previous 
Friday and HD 4 asked 
O lym p ia late 
Iasi year acquired company assets anti business of 
Lone St rit- 

1o1-Deaths 

1o1—Deaths 

A N D R Y 
P a u l M . A m irv, S r , a ge 64, of 2o3 
N o r t h D r i v e , d ie d T h u r s d a y , 
M a r c h IO, 1977. H e w a s a m e m b e r of St. G e o rg e M a ro n ite C a th o lic 
C h u r c h . S u r v iv o r s : W ife, M r s . 
E u g e n ia A n d r y ; so n . P a u l M . 
A n d r y , 
J r . , 
S a n 
A n t o n io ; d a u gh te rs, M rs. R o se N. C ow an, 
Linden, M ich., M rs. Afife G e orge , 
B o s t o n , M a s s . , M r s . S u z a n n e 
M o rk e ; m other, M rs. Afife A n d ry , both of S a n A n to n io ; b ro th e rs, 
Pete, Joh n, A lb e rt a n d J o s e p h ; s iste rs, A rina, M a r y , M a r g a r e t a n d Adelle; se ve n g ra n d c h ild re n . 
M a s s S a t u r d a y a t 9 :3 o a t St. 
G e o r g e 
M a r o n it e 
C a t h o l ic 
C h u rc h . In te rm e n t in S a n F e r ­ n a n d o A r c h d io c e s a n C e m e te ry . 
A rra n g e m e n ts with tarter Loring 
I tot McCullough 227-o221 

B E T T I C E 

H o w a r d E . B e ttic e , 3851 R e a l 
D rive , p a sse d aw ay in a loco* ho­ spital T h u rsd a y , M a r c h IO, 197/ at the a ge of 55 y e a rs. S u r v iv o r s : 
W ife, M r s . D o r o t h y S. B e ttice ; daughter, P a m e la Jo V asb tn d e r; sons. E a rl B. Bettice ond D u d le y 
H. Bettice; four g ra n d c h ild re n , all of S a n A ntonio. S e rv ic e s w ill be held fro m the D e llc r e st C h a p e l 
Satu rd ay, M a rc h 12 at 1o:oo a m. w ith R ev. L e ro y H u b le y o fficiat­ ing. T he interm ent w ill follow in 
C h a p e l H ill M e m o r ia l G a rd e n s. 
M r. Bettice w a s a m e m b e r of A n ­ c h o r M a s o n i c L o d g e N o . 424 
A F & A M and O rd e r of the M oose 
N o. 744. T h e fa m ily a p p re c ia te s th e b e a u t y a n d s e n t im e n t e x ­ p r e s s e d in flo w e rs but d e s ir e s that frie n d s m a k e donations to the 
A m e ric a n H eart A sso cia tio n or a 
C h a rit y of th e ir ch o ice . A r r a n ­ ge m e n ts with 
B r i l r r t f t t 
2 o o o So 
W White «d 
337 4o*2 

P H I L L I P S 
M r. H o sk e l R. Phillips, 44, of 167 
B irc h w o o d D r., die d M a r c h IO, 
1977. R e sid e n t of Sa n Antonio 2o y e a rs, m e m b e r a n d D e a c o n of 
O a k H il l s C h u r c h o f C h r is t . 
M e m b e r of D A V C h ap te r No. 128. 
S u rv iv o rs: Wife, Sad ie J. P h illip s; d a u g h t e r s , C h e r y l J. P h illip s , 
Debbie R. P h illip s, son. C h a rle s 
S 
P h illip s, a ll of S a n A n to n io ; fath e r, H e r m o n P h illip s , B o o n ­ eville, A rk ., step-m other, A u d ie 
Phillips, Booneville, A rk .; sister, 
W ilto F a y S h e p p a rd , M a g a z in e , 
A r k . ; b r o t h e r . P a u l P h i ll ip s , 
Elizabethtow n, Ky. Se rv ice s 1o:3o a rn 
M o n d a y , M a r c h 14, R o y 
A k e r s F u n e r a l C h a p e ls , M r . 
C h a rle s P rin c e officiating. Inter m eat Ft. S a m H o u sto n N a tio n a l 
C em etery with 
F u ll 
M ilita ry 
H onors. 

515 No. M a in 
226 72o1 

111—Deaths 

H I G D O N 
M rs. Lo a Jean H igdon, 59, of Star 
Route I, B o x 213, S p rin g B ra n c h , 
T e x a s, died M a r c h IO, 1977. R e ­ sid e n t of S p r in g B r a n c h a n d a m e m b e r of M a c A r t h u r P a r k 
L u t h e r a n C h u r c h . S u r v i v o r s : 
H usband, John C. H igd on, S p rin g 
B ra n c h , T e x .; d a u g h t e rs , M r s . 
L o a K o u s a l a n d M r s . S u s a n 
G ra n u c c i, both of A lb u q u e rq u e , 
N e w M e x . ; b r o t h e r . J o h n T. 
Ste w art, W a sh in g to n , Io w a , s is ­ ter, M a rg a re t A lice Stew art, Del 
M a r, Calif.; g ra n d c h ild re n , M rs. 
T im T re e ce , A lb u q u e rq u e , N e w 
M ex., K ir k K o u sa l, W aco, Tex., 
Keith K o u sal, P h o e n ix, A riz. S e r­ vic e s 1:45 p.m . M o n d a y , M a r c h 
14, M a c A r t h u r P a r k L u t h e r a n 
Church, P a sto r G. W. Schw anen- b e r g o ffic ia tin g . In te r m e n t Ft. 
Sa m H ouston N ation al Cem etery. 
P a llb e a re rs, Keith T a y lo r, C la rk 
Heftier, Joh n L in e b o rg e r, H ector 
M en d e z, R o b e rt B u e k e r, H e cto r 
E. M e n d e z, lf frie n d s so d e sire con trib utions m a y be m ad e to the 
A m e ric a n C a n ce r Society. V isita ­ tion will be held at Su n se t F u n e ra l 
H o m e sta rtin g I p.m . S a tu rd a y , 
M a rc h 12. 
SUNSET FUHnoie 
17o1 Austin Hwy. 828-2811 

 rrjafrin 

H O L L O W A Y 
M R S . M A M I E O. 
H O L L O W A Y , 2138 
B o b s D r., b o r n in 
M e m p h is , T e n n ., 
Jan. 28, 1886, entered rest T h u r s ­ day, M a rc h IO, 1977 at the a ge of 
91 years. 
V IS IT A T IO N 
F R ID A Y , 6:oo P M until 
S U N D A Y , 12:oo N O O N 
A L A M O C H A P E L S at w hich tim e M rs. H ollow ay will be tak e n o v e r la n d to H o u s to n , 
Tex., w here s e rv ic e s w ill be held in F o rre st P a r k C e m e te ry M o n ­ day, M a rc h 14 at 1o:3o a m. with 
T h e 
R e v . 
S id n e y 
G e r v a i s officiating. S u rv iv o rs: Sons, Lorn 
R. H o llo w a y, C ity, J a c k C 
H o l­ low ay, B a n d e ra , T e x a s ; siste r, 
M rs. Lucite M e rz, H ouston, T e x ­ as. M rs. H ollow ay w a s a m e m b e r of D isc ip le s of C h rist C h u rc h and h a s been a resident of Sa n Antonio fo r the p a st 9 y e a r s . S e r v ic e s under the direction of a m em ber of The Lelon C ode F a m ily of 

225-5731TM* Afamo 
A la m o at B ro o k ly n 
N, 

W A G E N F U H R 
E u g e n e "C o t t o n " W a g e n fu h r of 
1823 Escalon, p a sse d aw ay T u e s­ day. M a rc h 8, 1977. F u n e ra l s e r­ v ic e s S a t u r d a y , 1 :o o p .m . in 
M issio n P a rk F u n e ra l Chapel. In ­ term ent to follow in M is sio n B u ­ rial P a rk. A rra n g e m e n ts by 

M IS S IO N P V K K fu n e r a l ch a p e ls 
17oo l f Military Dr 

IQI—Deaths 

M E D F O R D 
M is s M o n n ie M a y M e d fo rd , a g e 
9o, of Hondo, p a sse d a w a y T h u r s ­ day, M a rc h IO, 1977 in a Sa n A n ­ tonio hospital. B o rn M o y2 2 , 1886 in R u s k City, T e x a s. S h e is s u r ­ vived by two siste rs, M r s. A n g ie 
E. G III of So n Antonio, M rs. Jan ie 
B o w m a n of P e a r s a ll, n u m e ro u s nieces and nephew s. S e rv ic e s w ill be on Sa tu rd a y, M a r c h 12 at H u r ­ ley F u n e ra l C hap el of P le a sa n to n at 2:oo p.m. Interm ent w ill be in 
C h a rlo tte C ity C e m e te ry , u n d e r the direction of 
H U R L E Y F U N E R A L H O M E 
P leasanton, T e x a s 

F R A N G E R 
R e g in a N e y F ra n g e r, a g e 81 of Rt. 
9, S a n A n t o n io , p a s s e d o w a y 
M a r c h ll , 1977 at hom e. S h e is su rv iv e d bv her husband, H e n ry 
F. F ra n g e r of Rf. 9 San A ntonio; so n , M ic h a e l M a r v i n F r a n g e r , 
Sa n A ntonio; d aughters, Antoinett 
Schultze, M a r y E lle n O lenick, San 
A n to n io , G r a c e A n n C h u r c h ill, 
W u rag e m , III.; 13 g ra n d c h ild re n , five gre a t g r a n d c h ild en. R o s a r y will be at 8 p.m. Sa tu rd a y, M a rc h 
12, O u r L a d y of G r a c e C h u rc h , 
LaC oste, M a s s will be on S u n d a y at 2:3o p.m. O u r L a d y of G ra c e 
C h u rch , with interm ent follow ing in the c h u rc h ce m e te ry . U n d e r the d irections of 
T o n d re -G u in n F u n e ra l H om e 
C astro ville, T e x a s 

W A T S O N 
D e l o r e s A v e n W a t s o n o f 2o2 
G la m is, p a sse d a w a y T h u rsd a y , 
M a rc h IO, 1977. F u n e ra l se rv ic e s 
S a tu rd a y , 11:oo a m . in M is s io n 
P a rk F u n e ra l C hapel. In te rm e n t to follow in M is sio n B u ria l P a rk. 
A rra n g e m e n ts by 

M IS S IO N P A R K 
FUNERAL CHAPELS 
17oo S E Military Dr 
1o4—Funeral Directors 

Serving your family with care and concern. 

F U N E R A L C H A P E L S 

S IS NORTH M A IN AVENUE 
226-72o1 

R O Y A L S 
M rs. G la d y s K e rn a n R o y a ls, age 
82, of 2o7 W y a n o k e D r . , d ie d 
T h u rsd a y , M a r c h IO, 1977. S u r ­ v iv o r s : H u s b a n d , C ol. W a lt e r 
Clifton R o y a ls, U S A (R e t.); s i s ­ ters, M g rs . D. M o re y C arre , M e ­ t a ir ie , L a ., M r s . A n d r e w W . 
D y ke rs, N ew O rle an s, La. S e rv ice 
M o n d a y at 12 3o at the M a in P o st 
C h a p e l, Ft. S a m H o u sto n , C h a ­ p la in P a u l G a r r it y o ffic ia tin g . 
P a l l b e a r e r s : 
D r . J a m e s 
L. 
R o y a ls , M o i 
G e n . C h a r l e s H. 
G ingles, L T C . Jo h n T u rb lsh , M r. 
D. M o re y C a rre , M r. A n d re w M . 
D y k e r s , M r . J a m e s T. S ln g le y . 
In te rm e n t in Ft. S a m H o u s to n 
N a t io n a l 
C e m e t e r y . 
A r r a n ­ gem ents with 
Porter Loring j lot McCullough 227-o221. 

S T A U T Z E N B E R G E R 
M R S . 
R O S A 
L E E 
S T A U T Z E N B E R G ­ 
E R , 12716 B u r s o n 
D r . , 
M a n c h a c a , 
T exas, born Ju ly 13, 1913, entered rest T h u rsd a y , M a rc h IO, 1977 at the age of 63 ye ars. 
S E R V I C E S 
S A T U R D A Y 1o:oo A M 
A L A M O C H A P E L S with Rev. R a y B o x officiating with in t e r m e n t to fo llo w in S u n s e t 
M e m o ria l P a rk . S e r v ic e s u n d e r the direction of a m e m b e r of The 
Lelon C ube F a m ily of 

225 57317 5 b 
. A la m o at B ro o k ly n 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

AN EVER-PRESENT 
GENTLENESS 

Pinier Loring 

 m o r t u a r y 
I i o i M c C u l l o u g h 227 8221 

181—Deaths 

S U T T O N 
D r. R o b e rt S. Sutton, Sr., a g e 9o, of C e n t e r P o in t , T e x a s d ie d 
F rid a y , M a r c h ll , 1977 in K e r r ­ ville, T e xas. F u n e ra l se rv ic e s will be at 2:oo p.m. S a tu rd a y in the 
G o o d n ig h t F u n e r a l C h o p e l, in 
Bartlett, Tex. w ith C h a p la in W il­ son K e e n a n officiating. B u ria l will be in the B a rtle tt C ity C e n e te ry with M a so n ic g ra v e sid e se rv ice s. 
Dr. Sutton w a s a 32 D e g re e M a so n a nd a m em b er of Scottish Rite, he w a s a p p o in te d to Scott A W h ite h o sp ita l sta ff in T e m p le on h is gra d u a tio n from the U n iv e rs ity of 
T e x a s M e d ica l Schoo l in 1911, he s e r v e d w ith th e B r i t i s h a n d 
A m e r ic a n A r m ie s in W W I, he s e r v e d w ith th e F i r s t A r m y 
M e d i c a l 
C o r p s in th e 
U S. 
C a v a lr y . D r . S u tto n p r a c t ic e d m edicine In Bartlett for 34 y e a rs. 
H e s e rv e d a s P r e s id e n t of the 
Bartlett School B o a rd and w a s a m e m b e r for m a n y ye a rs. He w a s 
City H ealth O fficer in Bartlett for 
32 years. He m o ve d to N ew M e x ­ ico In 1948 and w a s in stru m e n ta l in build ing a hospital in R u id o so in 
1949. T h is w a s the second hospital he helped build, the first w a s the 
Old L e gio n H ospital in K e rrv ille , built b y O ffice rs of W o rld W a r I. 
Dr. Sutton w o rke d in the San Ju an s ic k c lin ic in S a n A n t o n io a n d operated It for seven y e a rs after he re tire d , at no c h a r g e to the public. S u rv iv o rs: H is wife, M rs. 
Idell L. Su tton of C e n te r P o in t; two sons, D r. R o b e rt S. Sutton Jr., of S a n Antonio, A rth u r Sutton of 
Center P oint; one daughter, A n n 
K e lle y of H o u sto n ; one b ro th e r, 
G e o rg e Su tto n of R u s k , T e x a s. 
A rra n g e m e n ts bv 
G ood n igh t F u n e ra l H om e 
Bartlett, T e x a s 

1OI—Deaths 
184— Funeral Directors 

W E A V E R m r s . b e t t y 
F O R D W E A V E R Of 
51o3 
E n c o n a t a . 
1 B o r n in 
L a u r e l , 
M is s. N ov. 2, 19o1, entered re st 
F rid a y, M a rc h ll, 1977 at the age of 75 years. 
S E R V I C E S S A T U R D A Y 2 P M 
A L A M O C H A P E L S w ith the R e v. P a lm e r B la c k of­ ficiating, w ith final in te rm e n t in the A rlin gto n C e m e te ry in A tla n ­ ta, G e o r g ia . M r s . W e a v e r h a s lived in Sa n A ntonio for the p ast 2 y e a rs and is su rv iv e d by her s is ­ te rs, M r s . R e b a M e r g e le , M r . 
M a r y B lack, M rs. F ra n c e s K uh n, 
M r s . M a r g u e r it e S e a b e r , M r s . 
R u th D a v is and M r s . Je a n L e B - la n c ; b ro th e r, M r . C. L. F o rd . 
A rra n g e m e n ts bv 
The Mkm o 
225-5731 
N. A la m o at B ro o klyn ^ 

W E A V E R 
M r s Helen L. W e ave r, a ge 86, of 
4o31 M ount Lau rel, died T u e sd a y, 
M a rc h 8, 1977. She w a s a m e m b e r of St. F ra n c is E p isc o p a l C hurch. 
S u r v i v o r s : S o n , F r e d r i c h H . 
W eaver, Sa n A n to n io ; d au gh te r, 
M rs. A g n e s M o se s, W hite P la in s, 
N Y . ; g r a n d s o n s , M ic h a e l H. 
W eaver, Jeffrey S. W e a ve r, both of Sa n A n ton io; n u m e ro u s other gran d ch ild re n . M e m o ria l se rv ice 
S a tu rd a y at 4 o 'c lo ck at St. F r a n ­ cis E p isc o p a l C h u rc h , the R e v. 
Jo se p h H. M ille r, Jr. officiating. 

A rrg n g e m e n ts with farkr Loring 
11o1 McCullough 227-o221 

&outteibc 
FUNERAL H O M E 
63o1 S. FLORES 
922-6339 
John M. Grimes, Director 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

IhraokihUl 

S E. M ilita ry 
923 7523 
(Sub f ille 

8o56 F re d e ric k sb u rg 696-7111 
Brl lr rest 
2ooo s. W W 
W hite 
337-4o82 

P a l m Ip r ig t it B 

3711 So. Z a rz a m o ra 924-4568 

M O C T U A D l' lNC3,» 
8r 

184-Funeral Directors 

A N G E L U S F U N E R A L H O M E ,* 
H E N R Y G U E R R A f 6o2 w. H ouston 
_ 
W'Htj'-'j 

Dedicated 
Service 
Since 1896 

2 2 7 3 1 3 6 
Riebe-Saunders 
Chapels 

11119 N. St. M ary's 

—Funeral Directors 

AL £ 
RODRI 
FUNtKM HOME 
Pre-Need Arrangements 
511 Guodotupe St. 
226-6111 

V185-Cemeteries 
1 
Burial Lets, 

2 C e m e te ry lots. M is s io n North, 
Lot 166, Section 8. 735-6516 

1o4—Funeral Directors 

AMERICA'S FINEST FUNERAL FACILITIES 

<.x 
- v * 

IW P f it ^ fe j a m o 

FUNERAL HOME 

J 211 B r o o W y t ^ m A l a m o l a s s - 5 7 3 1 

'— flu J-jlL vi Cj.u L \)cuuiiij 

 n 

MKSt 

 w a r d e n 

DO-IT-YOURSELF 
HOM S CENTCSSi 
...... 
G A R D E N 
C E N T E R 
H O U R S 

R 
M O N D A Y thru 
SA T U R D A Y 
9 fo 9 

S U N D A Y IO to 6 

TRUCKLOAD SALE! 
M A RIG O LD S 
& PORTULACAS 
YOUR CHOICE! 

TREE SALE 

■MISSION 
NURSERIES 

Northside 
12823 
Nacogdoches 
655-8323 

2 COMPLETE 
GARDEN CENTERS 
TO SERVE YOU 

Colorful 

Annual 

Bedding 

Plants 

Choose from Petunias, Dianthus, M arigold, 
Verbenia, Phlex, Etc. Ind. Potted 6 Plants per tray. 
6v.,.i.r$4 .o o 
69* troy or 
VEGETABLE PLANTS 

Southside 
2919 
Mission Rd. 
924-3181 

SPECIAL 
Soil 
Conditioner 

Breaks up tight soil 

• Adds vital nutrition 
GRAND lown * 
PRIZE® 
Gypsum 

Bog. low 
Price $3.19 
SALE PRICE $ 9 O O 
5o lh. 

TOM ATO PLANTS lit) Boy 
Cherry 
Better Bey 
Spring Giant 
Patio 
Big Set 
** -■» - —-I nviVMrllVVU 

PEPPER PLANTS 

588 
\ 
PER FLAT 
63 PLANTS PER FLAT 

Truckload special direct from the grower! 
Pull flats containing 63 plants per flat. 

C L IM B IN G 
BLAZE ROSES 

I 
T 
CAROLINA 
JASMINE 
1 GALLON CONTAINER 
A ZA LE A 
2 4 4 
744 
-|88 

Now in bud. Bloom s almost all summer 3 ft tell in 2 gal. container. 
Plant along fence, on trellis, etc. 

Lush growing evergreen vine for trel­ lis or fence. Yellow bloom s in late spring & summer 5 gal. container. 

A shade loving evergreen shrub. 
Bloom s profusely in early spring. 
Many colors and varieties to choose. 

 to FT. TO 12 FT. 
SH A D E 
TREES 

COMPLETE NURSERY DEPARTMENT 

WAX LEAF LIGUSTRUM 
3 BALL 
POODLE TREE 
2288 

Hardy evergreen 
Specimen plants. 
Takes full sun or part shade 
5 gallon container. 

WAX LEAF 
LIGUSTRUM 
97 

One of the most hardy of all plants. Qark green foliage Easy to grow Plant in sun or shade. 
Prune for formal hedge, globes or poodle trees 
I gal. con tamer, 
JAPANESE 
B O X W O O D 
127 

A n evergreen shrub tor foun dation cover. Grow s compact, aasy to care for. I gal con tamer. 
Use along walkways for border plants. 

RUBBER 
PLAN TS 
2 2 44 

6 to 8 ft. tall. 3 plants per pot growing in plastic container. 
One time special buy! While quantities last! Sorry, no rain checks! 
TREE TYPE 
CRAPE 
M YRTLE 
588 

Baited in earth, wrapped in burlap M ulti trunk type Crape 
Myrtle 
Perfect accent plant for your yard, 6 to 8 ft. tall. 

GREENLIGHT 
BUG BAIT 
127 

New, improved double shot formula. Ready to use bait rn a convenient shaker can 
A t­ tracts and kills ground crawling pests such as pillbugs, crickets, snails and more. Safe for use in vegetable gardens 
I lb. can. 

CtW OM tram Silver Maple, Weep m g W illow or Minuet*. IO to 12 ft tell tor instant shad.. 
Balled in burlap, wrapped in earth. 

 e FT. TO 8 FT. 
FRUIT 
T R E E S 

C b B i o8 
O f tO ffO w e ll et fo b lis h e d f r u it t r o w $ t o § * f t I IN , V a r ie t ie s adep tod to tbit ame. Pear, peach, 

 p lu m o r (M e t a lin e 

8 FT. TO 8 FT. 
A R IZ O N A 
A SH 

Sunday for the tm* of most .tem* as 
I .cable linear stat* law. a* joed in-ow** 
W sdneadev, 
M a r c h 
1o i 9 f f T w o WHO* to defier*,, right* re served to limn euamtthr* Net .eepo*vs.tw 
Ie* typ ograp h ical errors. So m e item s po to if** rn < .y,,!** price 
O y C e n gum en tea* the p u t chase of a 
>ta#*> at tm tm* price ay a virtu# ut a ram thee* i* quant tie* are ax n a u sie d (secluded ere itenwciesigneted W hit# Q u an tities Leat ) 

J 

Large feat grow in g shade tree. 
Batted in earth, w rap p e d rn burlap. 
Re ad y to plan t ideal addition to yo u r landscape for fast shade. 

Pin® or 
R od O a k , 
Sw eet Gam 

Y O U R C H O IC E ! 

1 
9 
8 
8 

 j 

Geraniums: in Bud I Bloom 
Ck dom from Red, Salmon, Pink, 
Futliia. 4“ Pol Silo. 

 teleports 
Cayenne 

Individually Potted 

|1 5 * each or 
6 fer6 9 <] 

HANGING 
BASKETS 

Growing full of plants, all varieties, these are super full, mony blooming types, 
Fern, Swedish Ivy, Begonia, etc. 

PATIO STONES and Concrete Curbing 

2 loot seadog curb plain ... 864 

2 feet demo (arb plain .... 1.o6 
12'xir plain patie block.. 694 
12’x24" plain patio block.. 1.38 
12" round plain step stone. 694 ll" round pleb stop stone. I 88 
3' tree ring (4 piece) 
5.31 
S 'tree ring (t piece).... 1o.13 
For a few cents more we ako have the above in red, green ond pebble top. zm 

98 •ack 

OXY 8-8-8 
LAWN 
FOOD 

 lf- - - - - - - - - - "j 

XU 

I I 8 8 8 I 

LAWN (OOO 
' 

Price Per ion. 

Oxy S S S War* M n! “ fmahuw ***£ . 
(met# »M wi la arm m a # at hr lram aa4 tkrvkt. H M f t la 

 ttraaaw raw tytlaaik. 
Uatwat IK tartar ta flaw Iaa4 tit.Jaw, 
$4 IS lay Cavwt 
2 COO SyV 
Super Sole Price 
*3.98 

- t e r i healthier lawns 

• ZMH, 

(aaart 1,1o81*. ll. 
Su gge st*# 
Ratort *8.95 
OUR PRICE 
$ 7 .9 5 

 with CHINCH BUG 
CONTROt 

Garden Preparation 
Sheep Manure, Steer 
Monure, Both Composted 
4o lh. Bags 
‘I .89 tach 

Spectracide 

Controls 
Chinch bugs, sodwob worms, earwigs, white grubs, ond many othor. 
11 Vi bag troots 
25oo sq. ft. 
Beg. low, price $7.98 
Super Sale Price 
’6.75 

ROSES 
Climbers, Ftorobundas, 
Hybird loos, Grondifioros 

Growing in 2 gal. containers 
Non-Patented 35 varieties. 
$2.1 9 

Patented Varieties 
*3.5o..., 

PAMPASS GRASS 

Blooms lorge white plume like flowers. Everybodys favorite. 

I Gal................*1.98 

5 Gal............... *7.98 

PITTOSPORUM 

Green or Vorigated 

Very full fresh plants great for 

 landscaping. 
I gal. size 
*1.98 
5 gal. size 
*7.98 

SANTOLLA 

Green or Grey, I gal. size. 
Very nice. 
*2.69 

OUR MIKI 
$ 8 .9 5 

Z f/ W 2 s s , mT^rNPwR et P^B eSe^^PesS 

• P P H M 

• twat* 

 a Im 
• Waa 

Catan M N tg k. 
SaM.it 
R e t J P V 95 
OUR FR I Cl 
$ 8 .9 5 

SUMMER COLOR 
PLANTS 

Lantana 
Troilin yellow, lavender, I 
*2.69 

HIBISCUS 

I gallon container size, very nice for hot sunny areas 
*2.98 

BOUGANVILLA 

I gallon size, very full, beautiful foliage 

EA. 

Thee* nageottc growing shade trees add beaut'btl f*H color to any landscape 
I ? to 14 ft tell Belled in earth, w rapped in burlap. Reedy to plant. 

E S 

3oo1 GOLIAD RD at S E MILITARY DR 
333*121 i m PUE LOOP 41o m PERRIN BEITH. RD 663 7411 
25o3 N W LOOP 41o & VANCE JACKSON 344 6261 

OUR CARD 
GIVES YOU... 
THI BUYING 
POWER YOU 
NEED TO DO-IT-YOURSELF! 
APPLY NOW! 

J 

AMD 
BETTER LANDSCAPES 
VMW 

V 
*2.98 

 r . view 
| N x n n n t M 

Block 
Polyethelene Bed 
Divider Kits 

Includes 2o length of divider, 3 metal 

 stokes and one connector plug. 

CALADIUM 

BULBS 

Many colors to choose from. 
Fresh, should be planted now. 

& I size........... 394 
Jumbo Size 
694 
Mammoth size . . . . 994 

Luxury homes open in San Pedro Hills 

The best affordable luxury living is in San Pedro Hills, an estab­ lished community of fine homes in north central San Antonio. The beautiful, rolling hills of San 
Pedro Hills are blossoming with luxurious new homes by 12 of 
San Antonio’s finest custom builders. These distinctive new homes will be open for a Spring­ 

 time Showing this weekend. Cus­ tom homes in San Pedro Hills are especially designed for hillside and tree-covered sites which overlook the city and country­ side. Soaring ceilings, large fire­ places, expansive indoor-outdoor living areas and easy-care kit­ chens compliment the gently 

 bending oaks which surround most homes. Quality in design and construction is a trademark of San Pedro Hills builders. To this exclusive group of builders, each home is a statement of craftsmanship and pride. The workmanship is excellent, and the tradition of quality construction is 

 felt in every home. Visit San 
Pedro Hills this weekend and, in addition to the fine quality homes, you will discover a pri­ vate swim and tennis club. Mem­ bership is included with the pur­ chase of a new home and allows the homebuyer use of the pool and two new tennis courts. The 

 club is just another part of the total community in San Pedro 
Hills. A shopping center is avai­ lable at the entrance to San Pe­ dro Hills, and a park is centrally located in the community. North 
East District schools serve the area, including Churchill High 
School. Visit San Pedro Hills this 

 weekend. New homes are priced from . $5o,ooo and will be open this weekend. To reach San Pedro 
Hills, take San Pedro Avenue north from N.W. Loop 41o four miles to Brook Hollow, turn right and go to Heimer Road, turn left and follow the signs to Shadow 
Cliff and new homes. 
J^ NEW HOMES ^ 

TOWNHOMES 
APARTMENTS ^ 

J 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday March 12 1977 

COMMUNITIES 
FOR ALL KINDS 
OF LIFESTYLES 

LARGEST CLASSIFIED AWD REAL ESTATE SECTION IN SOUTH TEXAS FOR MORE THAN IOO YEARS <> I 

CLASH?MD MSMAY 
OASSIPMO DISMAY 
C L A SSIC O DISM AY c u jfiw ra n r cLAiiMM M ip y rr 
OAiiiPWSWCTr 
^AHiWDDSMAY 
C LA S SJV MID D iS F U f 

M E N D O U S ! 

'aw 

NO CITY TAXES ■ NORTHSIDE SCNOOIS 

U T S A 

USA A 

M E D I C A L ] 
.CENTER 

D IR E C T IO N S 
Go north of Loop 41o on CulDbrs to F M 471, turn left. follow the signs 

* y t 
M d 

Great new homes by San Antonio's finest builders . . . are carved into the forest of trees in The Great Northwest. A community clubhouse with swimming pool plus lighted tennis and basketball courts 
. . . make this one of the most desired new home communities. 
Furnished models open daily until dusk. 

A IfVfllPM fN T Of 

FEDDERS y m a g ic c h e f Nam 

BURNS COMPANY 
884-87o1 
COATIS BEVILOPMENT CO. 
B84-112S 
WINDSOR HOMES 
oo4 OTOO 

Camelot 
HAS IT ALU 
■ ■FIW I ■ f l L L i 
[B LITTON 
Microwave Cooking 

O 
Built-in electric kitchen with 
• Litton Microwave range standard! 
Northeast Schools 
No City Taxes 
Minutes to Ft. Sam Houston and 
.Randolph AFB 
Short drive to Windsor Park Mall 
Exclusive Energy Package 
Patio & complete privacy fence i Easy access to expressways 
Recreational facilities nearby 
Masonry exterior 
NO CITY TAXES 
NO DOWN & NO CLOSING COSTS, VA 

8511 New World Dr. 

Iv 

 kit 

 kr 2 a 

 t i l 

• C a s h price: $39,6oo. No down payment end no doting costs. VA mortgage $39,6oo. 36o equal monthly principal and interest pay­ ments of $291.32 for 3o years at 8 % Annual 
Percentage Rate. 
Principal and Interest 
....... $291.32 
Taxes (County, State, School) , ... 
53.SO 
(No!) City Taxes 
o- 
Insurance 
19 75 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT 
$365 oo 

 i 

A CAMELOT 
” tbs 4*23 

IMMEDIATE OCCUPANCY 

NO MONTHLY PAYMENTS T IL JULY 1 

Furnished models open daily until 8 p.m. Take 
IH-35 to the W alzem exit, drive east on 
Walzem and follow the signs. 
Ph. 655-4123 
E Ray Ellison Homes 

 t 

Saturday March 12 1977 

T W IN CREEK, a northwestern Bexar County community by Homecraft Corp., will be showing six fully furnished, professionally decorated model homes this weekend. 
W oodstone, a northeastern San Antonio neighborhood, this weekend is commencing a close-out sale of its five model homes. 
Bargains found 
Twin Creek, 
Woodstone site 

Great kitchen, 
Mary Simpson! 

D on't be surprised if som eone tells you how ereat your Great America nome looks. Because at 
Great America, we believe you can see the difference quality makes. 
In our garden kitchens, with handfinished cabinets and top quality appliances. In our roomy living areas, with vaulted cathedral ceilings, built-in bookcases and wood burn­ ing fireplaces. In our lavish ceramic tile baths, with marble vanities and decorator appointments. 
Even in our generous m as­ ter suites, with private baths and walk-in closets. 
Everywhere you look, there is careful attention to design, styling, practi­ cality and energy-effi- ciency. 
But that's only the in­ side story. Outside, Great 
America homes are strik­ ingly individualistic. Each hom e is designed for its particular homesite. Some are traditional, others reflect the informality of 
California styling. Some have soaring rooflines, 

 cedar trim and second- story balconies. Others are simple, yet elegant. 
But all are equally suited to entertaining and day- to-day family living. 
You'll find these really great homes in San 
Antonio's finest com ­ munities. In Northwest 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Park Forest, 
Hidden Creek, Forest Oak 
Estates, and now, 
Elm Creek. In North 
San Antonio, we have new homes in Thousand 
Oaks, The Oaks in 
San Pedro Hills, and 
Hidden Forest. Each com m unity is minutes from excellent schools, near major shopping and employment centers. 
Prices range from the upner-4o's to $1oo,ooo. 
Visit these fine com ­ m unities today and look for our new red, white and blue signs. For additional information on a particu­ lar community, call 
69o-o3oo. The really great homes in San Antonio are 
Great America homes. lust ask any of our home­ owners. 
GREAT AMERICA 
The really great homes in San Antonio. 

42o4 Gardendale, Suite 3o3, 69o-o3oo, Headquarters for Great America Construction Co. 

Twin Creek and Wood­ stone, two H om ecraft 
Corp. communities, will be sites for parades of new homes this weekend. 
The northeastern com- nunity of Woodstone will fea tu re five fully fu r ­ nished, pro fessio n ally decorated model homes, while Twin C reek, in n o rth w e ste rn 
B exar 
County, will have six such models on display. 
Woodstone 
Easy financing term s for Homecraft houses in 
W oodstone and Twin 
Creek will be among the building 
- developing firm 's h ig h lig h ts for home hunters this week­ end . 
Woodstone is featuring a close-out sale of its m odels th is w eekend, which m akes the price ran g e s ta r t as low as 
$27,95o. 
Homecraft always has taken great pride in its ability to in tro d u c e a se rie s of new hom es priced so low that a sharp c o n tra st to other b u ild e rs ’ p ric e s for homes in Woodstone is at once noticeable. 
Some of the homes by other b u ild e rs in th is prestigious com m unity fall within a price range starting at about $4o,ooo. 
Homecraft, however, has that beat this weekend for sure. 
Luxury features of Ho­ m ecraft houses are dis­ played in the models in 
Woodstone. They include appointments like wood- b u rn in g fire p la c es , boxed windows, wooden cabinets, fine carpeting, color-coordinated wallco­ verings and all-electric kitchens with d is h ­ washers. disposers and 
Magic Chef ranges with conli nous-clean ovens. 
The Interest rate for 
VA home loans is as low as 8 per cent. Other ad­ vantageous te rm s here include a total move-in cost of only $1 to veterans who qualify. Convention­ al fin an cin g te rm s on 
H om ecraft houses in 
Woodstone also are of­ fered for non-veterans or v e te ra n s who, at this tim e, don’t wish to use their VA home loan pri­ vileges. 
The co m m u n ity of 
Woodstone is exciting in a n u m b e r of d iffe re n t ways. Homes are built on oversized lots with many trees. All lots front on paved streets with con­ c re te c u rb s. 
U n d e r­ ground utility lines eli­ m inate unsightly poles and lines that would m ar the natural beauty of the serenity and rolling ter­ rain. 
Woodsjtone, n ear n u ­ m ero us d e stin a tio n points and w ithin the 
* highly rated North East 
School District, is most 

CLAIM* lf D DISPLAY 
OAK CBEH ♦ 

Executive Ranch Home 

3 bedroom, 2 bath with formal living and dining aroa, torrazo foyer load­ ing bock to impressive family room with circular, floor-to-ceding firoplaco, wot bar, and ohgant window boxes. An oversized mattor bedroom allows for sifting area, walk-in closets, vanity and bath. A well luitod homo for en­ tertainment and gracious livingI 

Front I-IO, take 16o4 We»l 
2o minutes to Oak Gook 

 frow U S. 9o take Loop 
16o4 Nor#! IO rmnutei to 
O ak Gook. 

A 
Guaranteed Sales Program' available it Premium homes from $5o,ooo to to trade-in your present home. 
$9o,ooo. 

* large Vs acre lot with loads of trees. it V A 7V* % Financing available on select 4- bedroom executive home! 

•AX 

 from loop 4 IO toke Culebro 
• ut, drive to Loop 16o4, turn tootti 2 minute* to Oak 
Creek 

 easily reached by exiting from N.E. 1H 35 to Ju d ­ son Road and following signs which lead the way to the com m unity’s Ho­ mecraft houses. 
Twin Creek 
Professional planning by Homecraft Corp. has made Tw in Creek one of the fastest growing com­ munities in the San An­ tonio area. 
The northwestern Bex­ ar County developm ent offers the kind of homes m odern fam ilies are looking for today and can afford. 
Twin Creek, now con­ sidered one of the estab­ lished neighborhoods for 
San Antonians, has a c ­ quired a large populus since It opened. 
S treets in the n e ig h ­ borhood necessitate slow traffic, and house exter­ iors along each create an 
Im pressive blending of both colors and styles. It was all planned that way. 
The co m m u n ity also features its own private clubhouse. 
It offers green-surfaced, fenced tennis courts lighted et 

 nights, a swimming pool, wading pool, clubhouse with equipped kitchen and a c h ild r e n ’s p la y ­ ground. 
Although surrounded by nature, Twin Creek also has a location of ut­ most convenience. Here deer are seen running or feeding and city noises never are h e a rd , even though the thoroughfare 
Bandera Road is just a m ile away; NAV. Loop 
41o, one mile more. 
Of course, no city taxes apply to home payments made by Twin Creek res­ idents because the com­ munity is outside any ci­ ty limits. 
Located in the p r e ­ ferred Northside School 
District, Twin Creek is also close to UTSA, 
USA A South Texas Med­ ical 
Center, 
Southwest 
R esearch Institu te and 
Kelly and 
L ackland 
AFBs. 

Twin Creek is most ea­ sily reached by driving north of N.W. Loop 41o on 
Bandera Road and tu rn­ ing west onto G rissom 
Road (EM 471). 
Ownership yields tax deductions 

By FRANK 
MANUPELLI 
PRESIDENT, GREATER S A. 
SURGERS ASSOCIATION 
The home you ow n is a shelter not only from the elements but from many of the federal and state taxes paid bv non-home owners every year. 
As a homeowner, you can deduct mortgage in­ terest payments and real estate taxes from both state and federal tax re­ turns, The re su lt, for you r bank b a la n ce , argues strongly for home ownership as soon as you and your family can meet the down p aym ent r e ­ quirements, 
Situation 
Here’s a typical situa­ tion: 
The monthly mortgage p aym ent on a $36,oo1) home is $262 (based on IO per cent for 25 years with a 2o per cent down pay­ ment). Real estate taxes, insurance and m ainten­ ance might bring the to­ tal to $36o. In the first year of ow nership, the incom e tax sav in g s on interest and real estate taxes and the equity gained in the home could amount to $85 per month 
— dro p p in g the net monthly cost to $275. 
Tried renting a $36,ooo home for $275 lately? 
Meanwhile, of course, 
.your home is gaining in 
______ CLASMfMD — HAT 
~~ 

F R A N K M A N U P E L L I 

 value every day. T h at makes the monthly sav­ ings even greater. 
Should you sell your hom e, any p ro fit you might make is not taxed if you reinvest it in a n ­ other home within a year. 
For example, the home you purchased IO years ago for $2o,ooo might be worth $28,ooo today. Its sale would net you $8.(MMI profit. But. lf you buy another home within a year and reinvest the en­ tire $28,ooo or more, the profit on the old r e s i­ dence will not be taxed. 
Persons 65 or older can exclude from income any profit up to 
$2o,ooo gained from the sale of a p erso n al re sid e n c e in which they have lived for at least fixe of the last eight years prior lo the sale. 

Thunderbird Hills 

Thermal W indow s, C overed Patio and 6' cedar privacy fenced yard. 

UNDER *4o,ooo 

6214 Little Fawn 3 - 2 _____ $ 3 9 , 9 5 o * 
6218 Little Fawn 4 - 2 _____ $ 4 1 , 9 o o * 

UNDER *45,ooo 

62o6 Little Fawn 4 - 2 _____ $ 4 3 , 2 o o * 
6231 Farragut 3 - 2 ............ $ 4 3 , 8 o o * 
721o Little Fawn 3-2 . . . . $ 4 1 , 8 o o * 

UNDER *3o,ooo 

2138 James Bonham 4-2. . $ 2 8 , 5 o o 
2118 James Bonham 3-2 . $ 2 8 , 4 o o 
211o James Bonham 4-2 . $ 2 8 , 6 5 o 

Forest O aks Estates 
Crownpiece $45,8oo-$56,ooo* 

VA IHA 
CONV. 
Financing 
Available 

’w - r - 
( o ru tr u ih o n Company 

Open IO ’Til Dusk 

 a a A 
A o I A 
SOUAt MOOS 
684-o81o omxiuNi 

 enaT rotas Hava lowarad. Chalk with oar personnel 

Actual 
Photo of 
M o d el hom e! 

>1 fwt/mmsiw 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

WITH FEATURES 
LIKE THESE... 
Imagine what our homes 

This is it, San Antonians! 

Homecroft Corp. has all the homes you've been waiting for at prices you’ll find ir- resistable! OUR NEW MODELS are coming 

 off the drawing board, so we're in a hurry to make room for them! 

W O O D STO N E has a limited number of homes left at great savings! Just compare 

 the model home below with your apartment re n t. . . and then select your new home from our limited models! 

A SMART HOME BUYER SHOPS AND COMPARES. “ COME HOME" TO 
TWIN CREEK THIS WEEKEND AND MAKE YOUR NEW HOME SELEC­ 
TION. 

Family Home 

Plan 2oo Traditional j*. 
4 Bedroom - 2 Bath 

 fireplace 

LIVING 

MASTER 

BEDROOM 
BEDROOM 

Executive Home 

Plan 2o5 Spacious 
4 Bedroom - 2 Bath 

OWN YOUR 
HOME IN.. . 

7V2% VA financing available! 

“Guaranteed Sales Program” available to trade-in your present home! 

6 Model Homes fully furnished for your home selection! 

Affordable home prices $3o,95o to $44,95o! 

Your TWIN CREEK home is 1oo% completed to your satisfaction before you move in! 

Full-year home warranty service stands by you after you purchase! 

 from Loop 41o, exit at Perrin Beitel, go north 

 approx. 4 miles to Woodstone. 

 from Loop 41o, exit at Nacogdoches, go north to 
PerrinBeitel. Turn left and go 
I mile to 
Woodstone. 

 from IH 35, exit at O'Connor, go west (bock over 

IH 35) for 2 miles to Woodstone. 

Exit Loop 41o at Bandera road. 
Proceed I mile north to Grissom 
Road (FM471) and turn left. Go I mile to TWIN CREEK. 

656-5474 
[ us-Homel BB =l 
HEATING 
COOLING 

Listed on the N e w York Stock Exchange 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

CASCADE 
^CAVERNS 

LEON 
VALLEY 

AT THE CENTER 
OF YOUR WORLD 
IN THE NORTHWEST! 

TO LBJ COUNTRY 
AMARILLO, VANCOUv/ER.B.C. 
FAIRBANKS, ALASKA 

TO EL PASO 
HOLLYWOOD1 
^PA C IFIC OCEAN 
TEY AC 
HILL COUNTRY 

TO AUSTIN, DALLAS 
S a s a k w a , o k la h o m a 
Yankee" c o u n t r y 

BOERNI 

. TO BANDERA. TIX. cow aor c a p it o l 
OR THE WORLD" 
A k® THE'OLD VfeSTj 

UTSACf 
USAA 

STMC Cf 
CENTRA _ 
PARK M A L L 

IORTWSTAR 
MALL 

RAY 
HW” 
OFFICE 

THESE 
RAY ELLISON 
HOMES LOCATED 
IN THIS AREA/ 

WONDERLAND 
MALL 

DOWNTOWN le t 
SAN ANTONIO R d 
•REE MAI 
COUSE Ul ___ 
'X 
TO HOUSTON 
P la in s , georgia 
AUANTIC OCEAN 
K elly a f b 

LACKLAND 
APB 

TO POTEET, L A R E D O 
A N D A C A P U L C O * 

TO CORPUS CHRISTI 
GULF OF MEXICO 
YUCATAN 

Where Everyone 
Wants to Be! Just off Bandera Road, 
North of 
N.W. Loop 41o! 

661oTimberhill 
JUST 

$2 6 9 X n o .! * 
4 BEDROOMS, 
2 BATHS 

Built-in electric kitchen • Central heat and air conditioning • Energy-saving features • Northside Schools • Perfect 
Location! 

Information on these fantastic north­ west area homes is available from the 
Ray Ellison Sales Office in the Wild­ wood neighborhood. Take Bandera Rd. 
3V2 miles north of N.W. Loop 41o and turn right at the Wildwood sign. 

Ph. 681-3o2o 

♦Cash price: $26,95o. No down payment and no closing costs. VA m ortgage 
$26,95o. 36o equal monthly principal and interest payments of $196.63 for 3o years at 8 % Annual Percentage Rate. 
Principal and Interest ........... $196.63 
Taxes (County, State. School, 
Water D is t.).......................... 
58.87 
(No!) City T a x e s ..................... 
-Q- 
Insurance.................................. 
13.5o 
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENT . $269.oo 

• NO CITY TAXES 
MEANS LOWER 
MONTHLY PAYMENTS 

• NO DOWN AND NO 
CLOSING COSTS, VA 

IOLA* «oui«H 
•wssiUMit 

3 things looked for await Wildwood buyers 

There’s a saying in the home building profession that there are three things the homebuyer is looking for: location, location and location. 
While thai may be an obvious exag­ geration, it is true that location is a key factor in the homebuying decision be­ cause so many elements of a family’s lifestyle are dictated by location. 
Fulfill all hopes 
Ray Ellison homes, located in the northwestern quadrant of the city and of Bexar County, offer every choice location feature the homebuyer could hope for: excellent schools of the 

Northside School District; easy access to major arteries and expressways; proximity to key employment centers like UTSA, USAA and South Texas 
Medical Center; convenient access to prime shopping malls; and location beyond the reach of city taxes, thus lowering monthly house payments. 
This weekend, 
Ray 
Ellison representatives at the Wildwood sales office, just off Bandera Road, are of­ fering an incredible value in new home availability: a four-bedroom, two-bath home with built-in electric kitchen, central heating and air conditioning and energy package for less than 
$27,ooo. 

This is a unique opportunity for the young family seeking to break the apartment habit and move into a home of their own in the popular northwes­ tern quadrant of .San Antonio but out­ side city limits. 

Besides the advantages of quality construction through and through, along with the desirable northwestern location, the young homeowner will find income tax filing time a much more enjoyable task because of the tax advantages inherent with home ow nership. 

For those who would like to investigate the possibilitie of this Ray 

W ildwood really measures up to homebuyers’ expectations, with its “ back to the country” en­ vironment and its sophisticated, contemporary 

 designs. W ildwood's wilderness look doesn t hide its easy proximity to shopping centers and major expressways. 

CLASSmiD DISMAY 
CLASHY ISO DISPLAY 
C L A S S IC O DISPLAY 

Ellison home in the northwestern qua­ drant. this weekend they should drive 
CLASSI*KO DISPLAY 

 out Bandera Road to the Wildwood sales office, where Ray Ellison repre- 

H a s Jk k d w s p l aT r I ftw ir r * 1 d i s p l a y 

 sentatives will introduce them to a new kind of living and lifestyle. 
TUiim n rninnr~ 

San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday March 12 1977 

Homes priced, sized for you 

A house price and sized just right for you and your family is bound to be waiting for you this 
‘weekend in one of the leading 
Morton/Southwest com m un­ ities. 
The building-developing firm s two most recent series of affordable hous­ ing arc drawn from ingenious floor plans which have revolutionized the market for new homes here by making them much more affordable and use­ ful, square foot by square foot. 
Freedom, Success 
Freedom Homes and Success Homes are modeled in Lakeside, located in southeastern Bexar County off U.S. 
Hwy. 87 outside S.E. Loop 41o; Valley 
Forge, off O’Connor Road between 
Nacogdoches Road and N.E. IH 35; and 
Cimarron, just south of N.E. FM 16o4 east of Kitty Hawk Drive. cU tillW IiHIU i 

The two series are aptly named, too. 
Freedom Homes are called that be­ cause they, literally, set buyers “ free from rent” and put them into a new world of home ownership. Success 
Homes are named after the series’ un­ ique features that would make the purchase of any a certain success. 

“ Affordability” is a key word for each series. Freedom Homes are priced from as low as $28,5oo; Success, 
$34,ooo. No comparable homes are built for those kind of prices these days; so, Morton/Southwest has a valid claim to leadership in San Antonio are housing. 
Freedom Homes go far beyond the basics, despite their low price range. 
They feature all the frill modern fa­ milies have come to expect in a new home. This, indeed, is just one of the many reasons the series has become so popular. 
Freedom Homes’ three- and four- c Las u n to DUMAY' 
CLASSIFIC) D IS M A Y 

 bedroom plans include two complete baths generally sought by buyers to­ day. All this is offered as an attractively affordable package fa­ milies can afford today. 
Pantry kitchens feature the right kind of appliances to lessen the work­ load for today’s homemaker. Dish­ washers. disposers, ranges, vent hoods and abundant cabinetry are provided in Freedom Homes. All appliances wear the reliable Magic Chef brand name. 

Other extras Morton / Southwest has made available in Freedom Homes are wall-to-wall closets with storage space extending all the way to the ceiling and sliding doors of panel designs, finished two-car garages, utility and work ar­ eas, patios with sliding glass doors, clever blends of masonry’ and wood for striking exteriors, carpeting of buyers’ choices of colors and styles. Friedrich central air and heat systems and, in 

------------------- CLA V Sm ib 
~ciAssmco w IWa y " 

 most, woodburning fireplaces. 
Success Homes vividly reveal that an enjoyable home remains the “ great 
American dream’’ and one that can be % realized without great sacrifices. 

The large amounts of total square footage in the Success plans can be seen in spacious family rooms, separ­ ate dining areas, large family rooms and sizeable living rooms. In fact, the patios for Success Homes are family sized. 
Also included are large, decorative kitchens which boast space-saving built-ins like Magic Chef ranges, ovens, vent hoods dishwashers and stainless steel Waste King disposers. 
The scope of Success Homes, how­ ever, goes far beyond their useful space. The luxury appointments add much to how they present more than the money's worth. 
They include shag carpeting in liv­ ing rooms, master suites and hallw ays; 

DISMAY 

M O R T O N /SOUTHW EST presents affordable housing 

 privacy fences; woodburning fire­ places in family rooms; abundant ca­ binetry in pantry kitchens; compart­ mented ceramic baths; walk-in or wall-to-wall closets; handsome paneling; carefully chosen wall fa­ brics; and beamed cathedral ceilings. 
Buyers can choose the colors and pat­ terns for carpets and wallcoverings. 
Each home in this ingeniously planned series also features a utility area, finished two-car garage and at­ tic-installed central heat and air.______ 

Lakeside is a neighborhood unique in its recreational offerings. They include a lake for boating and fishing, tennis courts, swimming pool and park area. 
School district is East Central. 
Valley Forge, also with a swimming pool and tennis courts, is in the North 
East School District. 
Cimarron, with access to a number of amenities like a swim club. Scout hut and playground, is in the Judson 
School District. 

C IA M IF M D D IS M A Y 
C lA S S m tD D IS M A Y 
C IA * V W O D IS M A Y 
CI A * S in ID D IS M A Y 

FREEDOM FIVE 

Three bedrooms, two baths, country kitchen, separate family and living rooms. 
Modeled today 
, , , .. 
_ 
In C IM ARRO N 
J 
o . h 7 .» 

These and other Freedom Homes are available today 
WHERE TO GET YOUR 
"M ONEY’S WORTH” 
EV SAN 
ANTONIO! 

Why they are the best. 
Where they are the best. 

FREEDOM EIO IIT 

Each 
Morton /Southwest neighborhood is a complete community. We invite you to compare our neighborhoods with any other builder. You'll agree! 

VALLEY FORGE: A prime location in 
San 
Antonio s growing northeast. 
Pro­ fessionally planned including 
Olympic swimming pool and 
Cabana, two lighted tennis courts, Northeast schools. 

CIM ARRO N : Nestled in the soft, rolling hills of 
NORTHEAST 
San 
Antonio. 
Convenient via IH 35, Judson 
Schools. 

VALENCIA: A beautiful club, tennis courts, and Olympic swimming pool highlight this already established Northeast neighborhood. Northeast Schools. 

LAKESIDE: Country living at its best. Yet only I 2 minutes from downtown San Antonio. Private parks, fishing lake, tennis and swim club make Lakeside a must to visit. 

Four bedrooms, two baths, 2-car finished garages, fireplace available on all models on 
Freedom 8. 
Modeled today in LAKESIDE 

 in 

L a k e s 
• i 

 d e, 

C 

I rn a 

 r 

 r o n, 

Prices may vary according to neighborhood and location. 

C IM A R R O N — 658-4793 
VALLEY FORGE— 655-5931 
VALENCIA— 655-5982 
LAKESIDE— 648-3491 
OUT-OF-TOW N CALL COLLECT 

WRITE: P.O. Box 18428 

San Antonio, Texas 

78286 

Friedrich 

CENTRAL AR CONWTIONNG 

FREEDOM THREE 

Three bedrooms, two baths, two car finished garage, quality feature throughout at an af­ fordable price, fireplace. 

Modeled today en-y ~ in VALLEY FORGE 
#1 I .1 1 7 *8 

 v a 
I 
I e y 

F o r 
9 e, 

 southwest 
. . .we are our greatest competitor. 

INST ALLIO BY 
(HOROI SMITH, INC. 
OF SAN ANTONIO 

Nothing down V.A. no paym ent 'til June. 
FHA A Conventional Financing Available. 

These Sueeess Homes. . . 

 are available today in 
Lakeside, Valley Forge, 
Valencia and Cimarron. M ost are available with woodburning fireplaces. 

The PRESIDENT 

Four becoom *, two both*, teporate dining and b< eat fait room*, Irving ond fomiiy room*, patio kit- chon. Valley Forge, Cimarron ond Lake*ide 
4:8,8oo 

The EXECUTIVE 

Three bedroom*, two both*, formal dining and living room*, teporate family ond breakfatt room*, ovein/e utility room Modeled today in V A LEN CIA 
44,o25 

FREEDOM TWO 

Three bedrooms, two baths, separate living and family rooms. 
Modeled today in VALLEY FORGE 
8o,75o 

The STATESMAN 

Four bedroom*, 2 bath*, teporate living ond family room*, dining and breakfatt room*, entra-large utili­ ty room Modeled today in C IM A R R O N 
4 1,o75 

T h eTIT LIST 

Three bedroom*, two bath*, two eating area*, large family room, * loped celmgt, modeled today in Valley 
Forge 
4o.1125 

The MEDALIST 

 iBUdMfaM (taws' 
Thrice bec oom*, two both*, pnvote matter »uite, giant family room, teporate formal dining room 
Modeled today rn LAKESIDE 
*87.o7 5 

San A n to n io EXPRESS-NEWS— S aturday M arch 12 1 9 7 7 
MIS gains over year 

Ri'ul estate continues to be bought anti sold in brisk activity throughout the San Antonio area. 
In figures released by the M ultiple Listing Ser­ vice operated by the San 
Antonio Board of R eal­ tors. the lum ber of lis t­ ings av ailable for sale in 
February totaled 4.199. 
. 
Most homes 

Most of these were hom es, and many of t hem o lder homes, ac­ cording to Ray Ragsdill, p re sid e nt of SABUR. 
From these listings. 571 sales were made for a total of $19,915.47. 
New listings obtained 

 during February totaled 
1.445. 
The MLS provides an a rra n g e m e n t w hereby each broker brings his listings to the attention of other members. When a sale results, the commis­ sion is divided between the broker bringing the list ing and t he b ro ke r making the sale. . 
The MLS works to the advantage of both seller and buyer by placing in­ form ation about a piece of property in the hands of a ll m em ber brokers who in turn pass it on to their clients. 
There are 238 residen­ tial brokers in MLS, said 

Long-term leases becoming rarer, 
SAAA head says 

CIA M in t o W IS 1A T 

RAY RAGSDILL 

Ragsdill, and 1.494 resi­ dential salesmen. 
The d o lla r volum e of consumm ated sales for 
February was up 24 per cent over the same per­ iod in 1976. The number of new listings filed was up 7 per cent over Fe­ bruary, 1979. 

 iii 
WM rn i l l 

 ju m 
V rn 

BURNS C O . home boasts innovative built-in units like this recessed bed alcove com plete w ith foam m attress, toy storage beneath the bed and nearby com partm ent closet, each helping first-tim e ho­ m eowners reduce the cost o f furnishing a new home. The child's bedroom pictured is featured in the furnished Rockwood model in 
The G re a t N orth w e st at 8 7 o 6 Tim berw ilde. 

By FRANK J. CORTE 
PRESIDENT, S A APARTMENT ASSOCIATIO N 
So you’ve been sitting through this cold, wet winter in your warm, snug apartment. You let the landlord foot the high heat­ ing bill. 
Enjoy it w hile you can, buddy. If your rent hasn't increased, it w ill be and d on’ t expect m ore lo n g -te rm leases. 
IO per cent 

Some apartment project rents have gone up ll) per cent iii recent months, due to big increases in u tility costs and tenant fuel abuse. 
“ And the ones who- haven’t w ill be soon,” predicts 
Frank 
J. 
Corte, president o f.the San Antonio A p a rt­ ment Association. 
“ Some apartm ents’ owners need to hike rents another lh per cent just to keep in the fiscal o perational ball game,” Corte added. 
“ Some landlords can't raise rents fast enough to keep up with utility in­ creases.” he said. 
And a long, hot summer lies ahead. 
This is one reason that short leases are more in order. Landlords can better pass on some of the added costs every few months, instead of slapping a ten­ ant with a giant hike annually and risk offending him so that he moves out. 
‘ ‘ A nybody in a m a ste r-m e te re d apartm ent (where the landlord pays utilities as part of the rent) can look for continued rent increases unless u tility rates stabilize,” he added. 
“ Where tenants pay their own heat­ ing and air conditioning, it’s amazing how energy-conservative they can be,” 
Corte said. “ But about 99 per cent of the major complexes here are on m a s­ ter m etered heating units, most of which are electric.” 
“ We have a very serious problem ," 

Corte said, “ and one tn a l average renters don’t fully seem to realize or try to understand and respect. 
“ Apartm ent owners and managers are very concerned. Raising rents is not popular. But we have little else to do It’s about our only alternative,” he said. 
“ Ifs sort of a bleak answer, but it’s a problem where the tenant and owner are caught in the same tra p ,” Corte said. “ I wish I had an answer. But if I did. I'd do nothing else but go around selling it.” 
Apartment owners have tried to en­ courage tenants to turn off lights or adjust their thermostats up or down, including contests and cash bonuses for top fuel-saving tenants. “ It hasn t worked, for renters can’t seem to see that they u ltim a te ly pay these fuel costs through rent. And the more en­ ergy they waste, the more they are going to have to pay,” he added. 
“ I had a friend who owns a 9o-unit apartment complex tell me his u ti­ lity bill ran him $15,ooo a year in 1972. 
It was more than $9o,ooo last year,” 
Corte said. 
U tility expenses have now ap­ proached the very high rate of nearly 
25 per cent of an apartment landlord’s total operating costs. 
“ You can budget in garbage and general m aintenance cost increases and control th a t,” Corte said. “ We could probably handle a IO to 2o per cent energy increase, but not when utilities go through the roof at 3oo or 
4oo per cent like ours have been over the past two or three years." 
Corte said maintenance and repair costs probably average 12 per cent and real estate taxes close to 9 per cent a year. 
He said long-term rental lease con­ tracts are things of the past. “ I know a few g iv in g longer leases than six months and some are on a month - to - month basis," he said. 
Burns Co. home built to conserve 

 c la s c f ic o o w n a v 
CLASSI MCD D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

The added expense of fu rn ishin g a new home has been d ra m a tic a lly reduced w ith innovative b u ilt-in units in quality b u ilt, e ne rg y-sa ving homes by the Burns Co. 

Designed lo utilize all available space to give you more living space for your money, the built-ins elim inate the necessity of m any fu rn itu re pieces m ost firs t-tim e ho­ meowners lack. 

Two areas 

A Burns Co. home in 
The Ureal Northwest or 
Hidden Forest can Im* the 
“ dream come tru e ’ ’ answer for the fam ily on a budget who wants the advantages of home ow­ nership w ithout the ex­ pensive task of furnish­ ing a com plete home. 
With built-in units i i i the kitchen, den and some children's bedrooms, on­ ly the dining and master suite remain to be com­ pletely furnished. 

Kitchen a c tiv ity may be centered around an updated version of the breakfast nook plan so popular during the 1929s. with a corner area com­ plete with built in seating, and coordinated table, all i under a shelved plant window. 

A home laundry center is tucked inconspicuously away behind pantry I doors in one plan, and the stacked washer and dryer units are part of tin* total, tnp-of-the-line 
(iF appliance package. 

Woodburnlng fire ­ places. furniture-finished 
■►•cabinetry and bookcase units are standard feu- t ores in 
B urns 
Co. homes, w ith one design including a roll-o ut TV cabinet, com pletely an-1 tenua-w ired, under the 
* stair landing. 

 la y storage: d ra w e r aud cabinet space built into the wails; and com­ partmented closets help keep c h ild re n ’ s rooms 
5* neat and organized with- 
“ -o u t a lot of a d d itio n a l fu rn itu re . Some c h il­ d re n's bedroom s boast j 
»**ecessed lied alcoves, 
^.4:o111 p i e te with six-inch 
* lo a m m attresses and xim age drawers beneath 
• J ie bcd. 

Every Burns Co. home is built w ith the proven 
Rower 
Saver ’ con- st ruction techniques to reduce the m ajor cause of increased u tility bills: air infiltration. 

Burns Co seals homes 
, during several stages of 
— roustrut lion lo elim inate 

 the unnecessary flow of a ir into or out of your home that creates in ­ creased h ea ting and co oling re q u ire m e n ts and increased utility ex­ pense. 
While 99 per cent of the added ene rg y-sa ving techniques are invisible in a completed home, the d ifferen ce s they m ake w ill he clearly visible on your monthly u tility bill. 
Burns Co. invite s all prospective homeowners to s ir the advantages of owning a “ Power Saver" home th is w eekend, b u m s Co. re p re s e n ta ­ tive s w ill be happy to show interested persons the pow er-saving te ch ­ niques in homes under c o n s tru ctio n and the space-saving c re a tiv e built-in units in their fin­ ished models. 
Located in The C real 
N orthw est and Hidden 
Forest, Burns Co. models are open d a ily , except 
Wednesdays, from noon to 9 p.m. To reach The 
Great Northwest, d rive north of NAV. Loop 419 on 
Culebra Road to EM 471, turn left and follow the signs. Hidden Forest is located off Bitters Road. north of N tv Loop 4in on 
Blanco Road 
T H iS tm 5 H slay 

Go ‘condo’ 

A m o n th ly m a in te n ­ ance fee, ranging from 
$15 to $29, is attracting interest in three cono­ m inium s in southeastern 
Wisconsin. What makes them unusual, besides the maintenance fee, is the fact that they are 
'mobile home parks. In­ stead of renting the land for their mobile homes, residents can purchase lots at prices ranging from $18,999 to $39,999, depending on the mobile home and the size and location of the lot. Each homesite also has a patio. 

CLASSI FIR) DL SALAT 

Are quality, spaciousness, and unique design im portant to you? 

Come out today end let our apartments be the center of your world) Efficiencies, 
I, 
2, 
3 bedrooms and townhouses. 
(All util­ ities paid). Rents start at $1 85/month. 

Maison de Ville 

344-9158 

1ooo JACKSON KEILER ROAD 

See and be a part o f 
Country Living in the City 

T h a t Vt 

, A 
San Pedro Hills is all this and more. 
«* 

I Hot I ro o m b'rtnn 

2 Ite d rtn n n 2 H a th fro m * 2 1 7 

An apartm ent com plex 

 that outs tour m*ni-lakes 

 right at your doorstep.! 

Y ou'll fall in love w ith! the Pier at first) 

 sight —built around a breeze sw ept, 

 landscaped plaza that | 

 makes the w hole] 

 com m unity seem like) 

 country living in the city.! 

• Color-coordinated • furnobed, unfurnished • some with bonus 

 room, fireplace patio or deck. Come see it all 
— beautiful swimming pool • party Pavillion • lush landscaping • winding walks and bridge* . . . and ducks. 

1946 N.I. Loop 41o jut! off Harry Wurzbach 
826-2355 

UFE Style by Q LIFE INVESTORS 

Fur Marten-.. San Pedro H ill- is a very special residential com m unity. 
Especially developed for natural living. San Pedro H ills offers peaeeful easy living iii tin* b eau tifu l forest* of north San A nto n io . San Pedro H ills means lighthearted times iii the exeitenient ol the outdoors w ith tin* liuesi sw im m ing and tennis facilities. Am i a special unexireeted convenience 

 of a city park and future 

 school site serve the community. 

 in c lu d in g C h u rch ill H ig h School. 

Sail Pedro H ills homes are aho very 

 special. 
Created i i i a variety of art'lliteetural m ood*, bv I T of San An- tonio's finest builders, ranging from tile trad itio n al to tile vibrant con­ tem porary. Eaeli hom e emphasizes the natural setting taking advantages of with* open areas, courtyards, aud dram atic window placem ent, 
Now priced front $5o,ooo. 
For m ore inform ation t all 828-6131. 

San P edro 
— - Allis 

A n o th e r Denton D evelopm ent 

 dis ptoplt you con /iv* with 

Ellison’s Tanglewood homes 
- 
Varintv i« tho «nir-o n f m edical facilities of the ary convenience in bes boast pluses 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

CLASSIFIC DISMAY 
C IA Minto M S A tA Y ccAslrtitt oiiKAV 

Visit Royal Ridge T o d ay— 
Q u ality Is th e D ifference! 

E nergy-C rafted Hom es pro ve big Success in R oyal Ridge 

 ll*** fX c itin j! slicers* «if 
H <>%a1 
R id g e 
I* cxid eu ced 
I »\ tin* 
|>«• (iiila ritv o f tli«* t .a n io n 
H o m e * an il th e 
I ’a lio H o ll is , E ach * l\|e i* im iliii" fo r tho 
Ih ic \ e x ­ e c u tiv e or tin* ac tiv e re tire d fa m ily seekin g a tp ia lilx o f 
I iii* free fro m the dru d g ers o f large law ns am i tin* re la i- i*»l e«**|s am i p ro b le m *. 
W h ill* m a in lioitn* ow ti­ e r* art* w a n tin ': lo redu ce lim u o rk load of m ain* la m in g a big \a n l and tho 
I i i ” rn *l of ut ii it i«*»> th ai ar** in h e re n t w ith m anx ohh-r h o m o . lh«*\ do not w aul lo 
-.it-r i I it-t* 
* | ii ii I i I \ in ro il* 
- m illio n n o r lilt* lix a h ililx o f a lit (tnt* hi i i 11 lo x*rx ex* a* t ill” standards. lilt* 
P a tio 
Humor* and ill** (.a n io n Humor* o f R oc* al 
H i*!”** haxo p ro v id e d a 
-r r in ti* a lto rn a tix o to hig h 
* ***!« and large c a rd *. T ile 
I m i* \ oxoo tilixo Ila.** fo u n d lim o hr I m* w ith Iii* Tamils instead **f l»t*iiip a slave lo h i* xard . T lifx io liv o ro liro tl 
Tamils t an Ira n *! o r p u rin e h i* fa x trrilo sport or p a stim e know iii” th ai h i* h o m o re q u ire * a n iin iiiiiim o l m aiiito n an o o . 

 lh *- xaliit* Itll ill in to **aoh 

 ho m o hx 
W in doro*t 
D e ­ 

 ve lo p m e n t C o rp . Im * aguilt 

 proxou th a i th o ro i* no 

*nl»**l ii ult* fo r ip ia lils am i 

 lh** oxjiorionot* ut b u ild in g 

 fo r 
|*« •** 111* * 
(hat art- con* 

 o**rnod ah o til llu *ir in* x o*l m on!. 
Koval 
Kid no i* idoullx lo* alod Hoar vt iml*or Park 
Mall aud i* in lh*- pro*, tiglon* Northeast 11id•-p*-11■ don! School I>i*|ril l. ll ha* oa*x access lo 
I or! Sam 
11«»u**l< til. 
Kaiidolph 
V I ’It ami all of San Antonio x ia 
I ll.t.» aud iii#* ox pro ** wax 
*1*1o111. 

 r f: i . , X 
| | 
- 
J b*mr 

 bedroom 

, maMar Mitt 
GJE1 
I 
J 
Mm- I 
, -- ml i t 'f t 

L 

Variety is the spice of life, and variety is w h at’s available in Ray E llison’s 
Tanglewood 
/ 
Babcock 
North, from hom es with r e a r e n t r y g a r a g e s to spacious, split-level con­ tem poraries in the wood­ ed northwest. 
F o r th o s e who en jo y the wooded la n d s c a p e s and ro lling h illsid e s in northw estern San Anton­ io. 
Ray 
E l l i s o n ’s 
T a n g le w o o d sh o u ld be h ig h on t h e i r lis t of p la c e s to v isit on th e w e e k e n d . T a n g le w o o d can tu rn a w eekend ex­ c u rs io n into a d a ily life sty le for th o se who find it h ard to re sis t a rustic feeling of freedom and carefree living. 
At heart 
L o ca ted w ith in ea sy d riv in g d is ta n c e of the neighboring UTSA c a m ­ pus, the imposing USAA complex and the splendid 

South T e x a s M e d ica l 
Center, Tanglewood is at the heart of the dynam ic m ovem ent m a rk in g San 
A n to n io ’s t h r u s t i n g growth northwest. 
At th e s a m e tim e , 
T an g le w o o d o ffe rs th e peaceful serenity of carefree country living am id gracious oaks and rolling landscapes. 
Innovative, contem por­ ary d e sig n s by Ray El- liuon a r c h i t e c t s m a k e 
Tanglewood an in te rest­ ing combination of three- and four-bedroom , one- and two-storv hom es be­ ginning in the low $4os and av a ila b le with VA. 
EHA and conventional financing. 
F ireplaces featured in m ost plans b rin g c ra c k ­ ling w a rm th and ru stic g la m o r to c r is p 
T a n g le w o o d e v e n in g s . 
But r u s t i c c h a r m is m ixed w ith e o n tem p o r- 

 beau- tiful. functional kitchens th a t tra n s fo rm cooking chores into cu lin ary a d ­ ventures. 
R ich . h a n d c r a f t e d wood c a b in e tr y ; s e l f ­ c le a n in g d o u b le -o v e n e l e c tr i c r a n g e s ; d i s h ­ w a s h e rs an d d is p o s e r units; and stainless steel s in k s an d f ix tu r e s all combine to allow kitchen chores to he p erfo rm ed with m ore fun and less fatigue. 
Although the benefits of Tanglewood living are m a n y an d v a r ie d for housewives and m others, c h ild re n and te e n a g e rs from the wooded s u b d i­ vision enjoy outstanding educational facilities of th e N o rth s id e School 
D istric t, along w ith in ­ t e r e s t i n g and d iv e rs e social p ro g ram s and ex­ t r a c u r r ic u la r a c tiv itie s for young people of all ages. 

TANGLEWOOD homes secluded but in h eart of activity 

For w eekend or ev en ­ ing r e c r e a t i o n in th e g r e a t T a n g le w o o d o u t­ doors, tennis courts and sw im m ing pool are nearby. For those whose entertainm ent tastes lean to th e n ig h t life, discotheque dancing and 

 unique cuisine abound in e x c itin g n o r th w e s te r n 
San A n to n io , w ith th e most popular spots locat­ ed only m inutes away via expressways. 
To re a c h th e 
Tanglewood sales office, w here p ro fessio n a l and 

 c o u r te o u s R ay E llis o n r e p r e s e n t a t i v e s a r e ready to assist you. drive out N.W. IU IO past N.W. 
Loop 41o to De Z av a la 
Road and follow- it west until you reach the d is ­ tinctive Tanglew ood e n ­ trance. 
Traditional home loans obsolete? 

New homes open in Blossom Hills 

 a 
Royal 
Ridge 

SECOND FLOOR 

 ll son have nut ***i*n tin* 
• •X iii Mljr 
Ut *vx tilin g * going m i iii 
K o val 
Ki<l”i*. ilrixi* 

III 11*1 ll IMI H i e v i l MMl l ll 

 imi I ( ( .m in o r K ouil to K nx- 
*• I K iilp * D rixi* ( I b lo c k *). 
.Mill ll* 11 OXX lilt* 
Moil* I 

H o lm * *ig u *. o|m*ii dads III- 
7. f o r m on* in fo rm a tio n ra il (>.*>”>• J.UU» (*ali** o ffic e ) or (i.'»”»-2 i(»l (m a in o ffic e ). 

The north cen tral San 
A n to n io a r e a B lo sso m 
H ills will hold a n o th e r sp ecial hom e show this weekend. 
T his is the prestigous n e ig h b o rh o o d w h e re hom e values a re “ b lo s­ s o m i n g . ” 
A r e c e n tly com pleted housing series here will add to its full bloom, too. 
Variety 
T h e la te s t f e a tu r e in 
Blossom Hills is the G ar­ re tt B r o th e rs s e rie s of three-, four- and five-be­ droom homes in one- and two-story plans. 
T h ese new hom es are b e in g in tr o d u c e d in a price range m ost reason­ able for all they have to offer. It begins at $58,9oo. 
T h e l a r g e r , tw o -s to ry homes in the upper price bracket m ore than justify th e ir costs, too. In fact, they are bargains by fea­ tu r in g ev en m o r e frill 

 c l a Lm h m ) p w h a y 

 and m ore square footage to give b u y e rs a lot of home for their money. 
New garden homes also a re o ffered in B lossom 
H ills by 
G a r r e t t 
B r o th e r s . T h e s e s t r i k ­ ingly designed homes are s u r ro u n d e d by p riv ac y fencing in both the front and back yards. 
T h e g a r d e n h o m e s offer, all as extras quite a ffo rd a b le , lu x u ry fe a ­ tures found nowhere else in San Antonio at a price even sim ilar. 
T h e ir s p a c io u s p la n s su it v a rio u s life sty le s. 
Each has two baths and e ith e r two or th re e b e ­ drooms. T he uniqueness of th e s e g a r d e n honiea m a k e s th e m id e al for y o u n g p r o f e s s io n a ls . 
Only m in im a l m a in te n ­ a n c e is r e q u i r e d ; no monthly fees. 
B lossom Hills, placed well in north central San 

C L A S U fim D IS M A Y 

 ock 
>rth * euiood 

Antonio just a half-m ile from the North E x p ress­ way (IH 37), offers a lot for today’s home hunters 

T h e c o m m u n ity is extremely versatile, with different builders s tre s s­ ing various architectural styles ran g in g from the m ost tr a d itio n a l to th e u l t r a m o d e r n , all w ith custom quality. 

Blossom Hills is within w a lk in g d is t a n c e of 
Coker E lem entary School and North E ast D istrict school bus se rv ic e to a high school and m iddle school. 
Convenient shopping is five m in u t e s aw ay at 
N orth S ta r and C entral 
P ark Malls; 15 at W ind­ sor P a rk Mall and W on­ d e rla n d S h o p p in g City. 
E ven dow ntow n is co n ­ venient via the new- North 
E xpressw ay now nearly complete. 

I 
T h e c o m m u n ity is 
I rea ch ed m o st easily by exiting from N.W. Loop 
41o to San Pedro Avenue, going north, then turning e a s t onto B i tte r s R oad and going north again on 
Hcim er Road. 

 itAllWWii m ilt! i 

- ^ 
6n tr y S » ra9e/? 
Rear 

SPtCIAt TO THI GOtDEN TWINS 
NEW YORK - The traditional home mortgage and its method of repaym ent over a 2o- or 
3o-year period at fixed rate of interest is inadequate to meet today’s housing needs. 
. 
T h ese w o rd s of m o rtg a g e re fo rm w ere m ade recently by Leon T. Ken- tdall, president of M ortgage Guaranty 
Insurance Corp. (MGIC), (hi- nation’s largest private insurer of mortgages. 
‘Tailor-made’ 

Speaking at the 32nd annual Senior 
E x ec u tiv e s’ C onference of M ortgage 
B a n k e r s at N ew Y o rk U n iv e r s it y , 
Kendall said this country now needs ta ilo r-m a d e m o rtg a g e s d e s ig n e d to meet the varying requirem ents of in­ dividual families. 
He noted that, in almost every area of business and finance, diversity is the order of the day, with the exception of the standard m ortgage, a heritage of the great depression. 
Kendall outlined several innovations that would update the m ortgage as a 
“ debt Instrum ent.” These included: 
GRADUATED PAYMENTS - They would v ary a c c o rd in g to the h o m e buyers* incomes. P aym ents could start low and increase as the hom eow ners’ incom es in crease . Such a m o rtg a g e might mean paym ents on interest only for the first five years. 
INTEREST ONLY LOANS - For a specif ied period, only interest would be paid; then the principal would be re ­ paid in a "b allo o n ” paym ent, or the loan could be renegotiated. 
RATE- and TKRM R E N E G O T IA ­ 
TION — E very five years, this could benefit the transient home buyer or the person who p la n s to ch a n g e ho m es within that period. 
PERMIT SKIPPED PAYMENTS - 
A seasonal worker, for example, could m ake m ortgage paym ents according to his own income flow. 
OI I EK LINE OE CREDIT - This would enable the home buyer to bor­ row against his increasing equity in his home to meet m ajor family expenses. 

C IA M W M O D tft*L A Y t l i l f i m b D U K A T 

 such as college education or hom e im ­ provements at economical rates. 
SHAKING VALUE - I n c r e a s e d value of the home with the builder or lender could be shared in return for a lower down paym ent and a lower rate of interest. 
SEPARATION - D istin g u ish the land from its im provem ent and am o r­ tize them on two different bases. 
K endall said p re s s u re from borne b u y e rs and c o n s u m e r s for a m o re flexible m ortgage instrum ent, as well as increasing interest in the subject by the fed era l g o v e rn m e n t, le g is la to rs and the news m edia, are forces that lenders and m ortgage bankers can no longer Ignore. lie pointed to a M ortgage Instrum ent 
Research Study by the F ederal Home 
Loan Bunk Board (FHLBB) and bills, recen tly in tro d u ced in C o n g ress by 
Sen. E d m u n d Brooke and R ep. Lud 
Ashley, as exam ple of governm ent in­ terest for change. 
Ile added that the m oney crisis of 
1974. along with double-digit interest rates, inflation in hom e p ric e s, the cyclicality of housing and the economy and other forces, exposed the s h o rt­ com ings of the present-day m ortgage structure. 
“ Usury ceilings, EHA ceilings, cost­ ly EHA origination procedures, c u m ­ bersom e foreclosure p ro ced u res and restricted powers of thrift Institutions were but a few of the weaknesses laid b are ," Kendall said. 
Kendall said the dem and for housing by first-time hom ebuyers between 25 and 34 years of age will continue for the balance of this decade and beyond. 
In 1975, households in this category to ta le d 13.5 m illio n . By 198o, th e num ber will bo 18.8 million. 
Ile explained the trend toward flexi­ bility of Hie m ortgage instrum ent p re­ sents both a challenge — and a threat 
— to m ortgage lenders. 
“ You face a conflict between sta n ­ dardization and diversity and between federalization of the m ortgage instru­ ment and p ressures in the consum er m ark etp lace for flexibility, tailoring the mortgage instrum ent to the needs of individual hom ebuyers.” * 
ClAXWwD—HAV 

\Ne Have u* 

 the rear-entry 

 n\an 1ea*u p' tilitv area s race • includes ut.' 

 c o c t i o n * - 
^ 

J Financing'- 

. can Antonio • in n o r t n v i e s t 
W e d , Cul 

 its*; •* • 
IS*ison H°me 

Pfc. 6 9 6 - 8 1 ? ° 

BABCOCK 
NORTHf x 
o9o 81 7o 

YOUR LANDLORD 
ISN’T GOING TO 
LUCE THIS AD. 

I’m Ruddy Burn*. And (rankly, 
I've never understood why som e people are w illing to pay S JM) or more a m onth to live in an apartment 
Sit I asked a few couples w ho rent apartm ents iii San Antonio, and here's what they told me: "We don't have m uch turmturc, and we tau t abord a hom e tight now ." 
You Don't Need M ulti Furniture. 
I was so surprised bv the number oi couples renting expensive apartm ents that I decided to de­ sign and build a hom e lust tor them I tall it m y Vow er Stiver 
II 4 Series T hese hom es otter all the energy-erticicncy advan­ tages oi my original Power 
Saver4 hom es, plus som ething extra 
. built in furniture I ve included built-in breakfast nooks, built-in bookcases, built in guest beds and built in seating storage In som e m odels, I’ve even included built in over and under laundry closets w ith the washer a n d dryer in clu d ed 

But ( an You Afford It? ii you and your spouse have a com ­ bined incom e of $1 A,(AK), you can afford a Burns Co. Power 
Saver II1 home. A hom e that m akes your apartment look dull by com parison A hom e w ith spacious living areas, plush deep pile carpet, furniture- ttnished paneling and cabinetry, and a woodburning fireplace A big, bright "w ile saver" kitchen with General I lect ne appliances and plenty of cabinet storage. 

L u x u iio u s baths w ith marble vanities, and lull size tubs And an elegant m aster suite w ith walk in closets JU J separate dressing area 
( nine* Set* My H om es Today. 
Take a lew m inutes tins alter- 

 noon to see m y new Power 
Saver ll" hom es in The Great 
N orthw est. We ll give you an informal tour and answer any questions you m ight have about becom ing a hom eow ner instead ol a renter. I or additional in h u ­ m ation. call the area sales office 
(see map), or your realtor You m ight even show ibis ad to your landlord With all the m oney h e ’s m aking off your rent check, he might want to invest in a 
Burns Co Power Saver ll * hom e 
Itim sclP ^O ^ 

I lh (I Radium, San Antonio. 
T e x J*. ’ H i lf' 

B u ilt iii b f e jk la s i n o o k 
Pi ox «i Saxx-f ll - Moxie! Home ai H7(K> T iinbx I xx title in 
Hie C.ie*ai N o rthw est 

% 

Solar energy goes to work for La Quinta 

SPECIAL TO THE G O LD EN TWINS 
DALLAS — La Quinta Motor 
Inns Inc. has completed the first solar-heated lodging facility in the United States at the La 
Quinta Motor Inn at 1B25 Regal 
Row (N.E. IU 35) here. 
Operational since last Nov. 12, the solar energy system provides space heating for an addition to the inn comprising 2B guest rooms, two meet­ ing rooms, a private club and a suite of c o rp o ra te offices. The so la r unit supplies approximately 9o per cent of the hot water for the rooms and laundry in the 131-unit motor inn. It will also provide hot w a te r to the 
Denny’s Restaurant adjacent to the La 
Quinta Motor Inn. 
Privately financed 
No federal funds were used to fin­ ance the project. The solar energy system was paid for entirely by La 
Quinta Motor Inns Inc. The company decided that one of the major problems facing lodging operators — increasing utility costs — warranted an experi­ mental program. So, La Quinta rein­ vested company profits in an effort lo find a way to conserve n atural re ­ sources, reduce our dependence on foreign energy supplies and cope with escalating fuel costs. 
“ La Q uinta Motor Inns Inc. has made a com m itm ent to turn to the sun," said Sam Barshop, president. 
"We regard our first experiment with solar energy as highly significant for our company and our industry. Not only does it represent an opportunity for La Quinta to participate in the de­ veloping field of solar heating power, but it also enables us to make an im­ portant contribution toward helping solve our nation s energy problem." 
More than 3o.5oo motels and motor hotels in the 
United 
States, representing more than 
4 million rooms, are operating 24 hours a day, 
365 days a year. That means providing hot water at a moment's notice as well as a clim ate-controlled room year-round. The American Hotel and 
Motel A ssociation, reports energy costs (heat, power, light) for motels increased dram atically from 1972 to 
1975. Almost one quarter of the na­ tion’s innkeepers have indicated the supply and cost of energy will be their major concern during the next decade. 
Solar energy has the potential to miti­ gate the problem. 
“ This could be termed a research project,*’ said Marvin Rubin, vice president-project development for La 
Q uinta. “ We learned and adapted procedures while we installed the sys­ tem. Now it remains for us to evaluate operational performance. If everything goes well, we will investigate installing solar energy systems for both heating and air conditioning in our new con­ struction and will also take a look at converting older properties to solar 
Lifestyles m ade easy in Cam elot 

 energy. 
Although a few resorts and motor inns in Florida and California have utilized solar power to heat swimming pools and hot water for several years, the solar energy system employed at the La Quinta Motor Inn is the first to also provide space heating. 
The La Quinta system operates in conjunction with conventional water- to-air heat pumps located in the rooms of the addition. These heat pum ps perform both heating and air condi­ tioning functions. The heating cycle of the heat pump is the only function that is solar-assisted. In cold weather, they transfer heat from water circulating iii a closed loop to the air in the rooms. In w arm er w eather, they re v e rse the process and cool the rooms by trans­ ferring heat from them to the circu­ lating water. 
The solar collection system has 19 flat plate collector panels that are 49(1 sq. ft. in area and black-lined to absorb the sun s heat. T hese p an els are mounted on the roof of the motor inn facing south to receive maximal sun­ light in this latitude. The heat a b ­ sorbed from the sun heats a solution of water and antifreeze that is in contact with the panels. 
This solution, in turn, becomes a heat-exchange medium for warming water in a 2,5oo-gallon insulated stor­ age tank that is part of the circulating loop mentioned above. This substan­ tially improves the efficiency of the heat pumps in warming the rooms and reduces the am ount of energ y r e ­ quired. The hot water in the storage tank is also used to preheat the regular water supply for the motor inn. 
In warmer weather, the sun’s heat continues to be used to preheat the water going to the motor inn s regular water heaters. It also helps the water supply for an adjacent Denny’s Res­ taurant. 
Another interesting energy-saving feature of the overall La Quinta system is the use of the large amounts of heat taken from the rooms during warm wcalhct by the heat pumps to heat the domestic water supply for the motor inn and the restaurant. In most com­ mercial or residential heat-putnp in­ stallations. this heat is not put to any effective use 
The solar energy system, which cost approximately $35,ooo more to install than a conventional heating and air conditioning system , is expected to yield a payback period of approxima­ tely seven years depending on fuel es­ calation rates. 
The solar energy designers and me­ chanical aud electrical engineers are 
Travis-Braun and Associates Inc. of 
Dallas, Houston and San Antonio. The water-to-air heat pump recovery sys­ tem is from the F ried rich Clim ate 
M aster Series, a division of Wylain 
Inc. The solar collectors are manufac­ tured by Northrup Inc. The mechani­ cal contractor for th** solar system is 
United Airconditioning Co. in Dallas. 

( u m w o if f U T 
NORTHWOOD 

-HOM E OF THE 
•IG OAKS 

 apartments 

F R O M 

* 1 6 5 . . * 3 1 o 

AIL UTILITIES 
PAID 

8315 N. VANDIVER 
826-5531 
OFF LOOP 41o N.K. 

PECAN M A N O R fe a tu re s clubhouse, sw im m ing pools fo r tenants 

Pecan M a n o r, Laurel 
Apartm ents featured 

A p a rtm e n ts built by 
Conn-Sherrod & Co. will be featured this weekend. 
T here are som e 96 a p a rtm e n ts , in cluding townhouse styles, at Pe­ can Manor, a large com­ plex conveniently located at South New Braunfels 
Avenue and Pecan Valley 
Drive. 
Handy 
Pecan M anor is only five blocks from the giant 
McCreless Shopping Ci­ ty; one. S.Iv III 37; and three, main entrance to 
Brooks AFB. Children at the project a re n ear schools of all g rade le­ vels, with an elementary school right across the street from the premises. 
The a p a rtm e n t c o m ­ plex is for young singles, adults or families. 
There are three swim­ ming pools, each extra large, and tennis courts, b ask etb all co u rts and saunas available for the use of the residents. To match these am enities, there are th re e c lu b ­ houses. each air condi­ tioned. at Pecan Manor. 
Plenty of green areas m ake living at Pecan 
M anor p le a sa n t, and there is ample parking space for guests and residents. 
Three laundries art* on the p re m ise s for r e s i­ dents’ exclusive use. 
Bach a p a rtm e n t has plenty of walk-in closets and is color-coordinated. 
Shag c a rp e ts and d r a ­ peries are included in each. loo. 
Kitchens are conven­ iently equipped with electrical appliances, in­ cluding dishwashers. All are decorated in cheerful harvest gold. 
P ecan M anor A p a rt­ ments are offered for as little as $169 m onthly, 

 with all u tilitie s’ costs included. They can be leased either furnished or unfurnished. 
The exact address for 
Pecan Manor is 6K35 Pe­ can Valley Dr. 
C onvenient to down- 

 c u m o r e P U P! a t ---------------- 

 town and San Antonio 
College is The Laurel, 321 
W. L aurel St. A p a rt­ m ents here boast shag carpets, electric kitcht»ns with d ish w ash e rs and, near all g ro u p in g s, laundry rooms. u o w w w w u o ---------- 

Laurel Apartments can be rented e ith e r fu r­ nished or unfurnished. 
Rates, which include all costs of utilities, begin as low' as $169 monthly. Se­ curity service at the pro- 
. jeet is full-time. an nwBwmy 
- 

REAL ESTATE LICENSE 

 lf von lichi a salesperson s license on 
Max ID. IDT5 von may be elidible for a broker’s license with only DO hours of approved education. W e have special classes for vou providing 3o hours in univ five (3) davs. or two weekends. 
The opportunity of a lifetime, but time is short! Call for information, catalog and schedule. 

Am erican Col lese of Real Estate. Inc 
- 

31o L A SHBY 
SAN ANTONIO O X AS TM,' 17 i S T 7 i l i b 7oTS 

Residence of Dignity 

Cl AMITIE© B U H A Y 
CLASS*HTD MISLAY 

13522 SESAME — 4 BEDROOMS, 2 BATHS, $69,5oo 

Approxim ately 2 5 o o sq. ft. o f lu x u rio u s liv in g a r e a w hich in clu d e s an extra la r g e m a s te r b e d ro o m 

 w ith 2 w a lk-in closets, 
2 bedroom s d o w n s ta irs a n d 2 b e d ro o m s u p sta irs, a n d p lu sh c a rp e tin g 

 th ro u g h o u t. S p e c ia l fe a tu re s in c lu d e a n a ll-e le c tric kitch e n w ith M ic r o w a v e o v e n fo r co n ve n ie n ce . 

Other new homes in Blossom Hills feature 3, 4 and 5-bedroom floorplans — One and Two-Story. — $46,9oo to $78,9oo. 
•BIj iS S O M 

 n BybHmn. M L ML 

(M ommy* H ill*. b o M tn g w o o d o d lot* located in on 
•neHenting country atmoEphofO Jo*! oH Son Podro at Bittor* Rd. Perfection crafted homo* in a captivating country tcono. 

Phone: 494-2977 
B u ilt A D e v e lo p e d b y G a rre tt I 
I L L S 

Despite one of the wet­ test Winters on record for 
San Antonio, c o n stru c ­ tion of new homes in Ca­ melot is hot and heavy these days to meet the growing demand for Ray 
Allison homes in tin* popular northeastern section of San Antonio — outside the reach of city taxes but close til the center of action in the growing northeast. 

Many of those looking at C am elot hom es a re apartment dwellers who believe rising rents and individual metering for utility costs provide a good reason to look into the investment advan­ tages of a new home. 

Lower bills 

The econom ic adv a n ­ lages of adopting a ( u- nielot lifestyle a ren ’t li­ mited to equity buildup 
Families are finding that a hom e equipped with energy-saving features can provide lower utility bills than living in an a p a rtm e n t that doesn t contam energy-savers 
Ray 
U nison hom es c o n stru c te d since .Jan­ uary, 1976 feature com ­ p le te e n e rg y -sa v in g p a c k a g e s design ed to save up to a th ird or more on utility costs. The 
Unison energy package consists of extra wail and celling insulation which exceed VA/FHA s ta n ­ dards; double-paued win­ dows; special caulking a ro u n d w indow s and doors; power attic venti­ lators; and e n e rg y -effi­ cient air conditioning and heating systems 
W hile C am elo t e c o n ­ o m ies a re m any and varied, the fundamental 

 economv of reasonable monthly payments is still a reality for Ray Unison homeowners. In Camelot, hom es in the popular 
Classic series are availa­ ble in the mid-$2os with H per cent VA financing available. 

Whatever the peaceful serenity of the Camelot lifestyle living is anyth­ ing but dull in this excit­ ing neighborhood which serves as a showcase for dynam ic W indsor Bark 
Mall aud many large su­ p erm a rk e t drug stores and specialty shops es­ tablished in the an'a. 

T he th re e 
R ’s are taught to Camelot young­ sters i i i excellent North. 
Uust 
District schools, w here emphasis is placed on education excellence and varied e x tra -c u rri­ cular activities which in­ still leadership aud ini­ tiative 
M ilitary c o m m u te rs find C am elot located squarely betw een Port 
Sum Houston and R an­ dolph AKB The conven­ ient locution also means that leisure moments can lie spent strolling on the 
Paseo del Rio or at the 
Institute of Texan Cul­ ture* after a short drive downtown via the e x ­ pressway. 

Model homes may be seen in Camelot from 9 a.m . weekdays; IU a.m.. 
S a tu rd a y ; and II a.iii , 
Sundays, until H p m daily, at K23U New World 
Dr in Camelot 
.Simply take N U, III .15 to W a l / e iii Road. ( u r n east on W alaeitt past 
Windsor Bark Mail and follow the sign* lo New 
World Drive 

CONN,SHERROD ACO..MC. 
COKMACW. * M u m 
OC Vt LO** R I 

Vegetable list Jfe" &tarth for S.A. area 

San Antonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday M arch 12 1 9 7 7 

 grants request 

Gardeners’ Questions— Answers 

B y T F R R Y W IL B O U R N 
COUNTY EXTENSION HORTICULTURIST 
The leaves on my magnolia tree have been turning brown down the center and on the edges and are dropping off. What is the possible cause? 

NOW IS THE TIME 
TO BUY A IJEW HOME 

'SaSSVSSRZ? 
* 
‘ ■ 
"aXSMFBSHSr 
'cLAfiumD wipca r 

By TERRY WILBOURN 
COUNTY EXTENSION HORTICULTURIST 
As mentioned in last week's column, I wish to give you a list of recommended varieties for the most commonly grown ve­ getables in this area, but first, let's discuss cold tolerance of all vegetables. 
Many of our so-called “cool season” vegetables could have been planted several weeks ago, reason being that they will withstand cool temperatures, cold soils and light frosts. Examples of these vegetables are cabbage, carrots, beets, broccoli, lettuce, onions, pars­ ley, collards, cauliflower, radishes and mustard. 
Those unable 
There are many vegetables, though, that will not withstand any light frost. 
Also, cool nights and cold soils will cause them not to germinate properly, if started from seed; or, they will stunt and stop growth in transplants. 
Once a plant stops growing because of cool temperatures or other environ­ mental conditions, it is very difficult to start the plant growing‘ again. All transplants, therefore, should not be planted out in the garden until the danger of all frosts is passed. lf they are planted, protection should be provided. A hot cap should be placed over them at night if there is a danger of frost. March 15 is generally thought of as the average last frost date. This doesn't mean that there will not be any more frost; it only means that the probability of having a frost is less. Tomatoes, eggplants, peppers, squash, cucumbers, melons and okra are vegetables that fit into this cate­ gory. 
Listed below are recommended var­ ieties of many types of vegetables commonly grown in this afea. I am sure there are vegetable varieties that can be grown here but are not on the list. Listed varieties are proven var­ ieties, though, and ones that will help make your gardening efforts more successful: 
Lima Bush Bean — Jackson Wonder, 
Henderson Bush, Fordhook 242, Ne- magreen 
Lima Pole Bean — Florida Butter, 
Sieva (Carolina), Willow Leaf. 
Pinto Bean — Pinto IIL Luna. 
Pole Bean — Blue Lake, Romano, 
Dade, Kentucky Wonder. 
Snap Bush Bean — Contender. Wade, 
Topcrop, Greencrop, Tendercrop. 
Beets — Detroit Dark Red, Green 

Top Bunching, Asgrow Wonder. Ruby 
Queen. 
Broccoli — Waltham 29. De deco, 
Spartan Early, Green Comet. 
Cabbage — Globe, E arly Round 
Dutch, Greenback. Golden Acre, (red) 
Red Acre, (savoy) Drumhead, Hybrids 
— Round-up, Superette, Rio Verde. 
Cantaloupe — Perlita. Rio Gold, 
Smith’s Perfect, Golden Perfection. 
Carrot — Im p o sto r. Danvers 126, 
Nantes. Red Core Chantenay. 
Chard — Lucid I us. 
Collard — Georgia. 
Corn (sweet) — Aristogold Bantam 
Evergreen, Merit, Golden Security, 
Buttersweet, Silver Queen. 
Cucumbers — (pickling) National 
Pickling. Piccadilly, Pioneer; (slicers) 
Palomar, Ashley, Poinsett, Straight 8. 
Cherokee. 
Eggplant — Florida Market, Black 
Beauty. 
Lettuce — (Head) Great Lakes strains, Valverde; (leaf) Black Seeded 
Simpson. Salad Bowl, Oakleaf; (but­ terhead), Summer Bibb, Tendercrisp; 
(romaine) Valmaine. 
Mustard — Tendergreen, Florida 
Broadleaf, Southern Giant curled. 
Okra — Clemson Spineless, Lo­ uisiana Green Velvet, Dwart Green. 
Emerald. 
Onion — Granex, Bk-lipse, Grano 5o2, 
Crystal Wax. 
Parsley — Moss curled. Evergreen. 
Southern Peas — Blackeye No. 5, 
Brown Sugar Crowder, Champion, 
Knuckle Purple Hull, Mississippi Pur­ ple. 
Sweet Pepper — Yolo Wonder, 
Keystone Giant. 
Hot Pepper — Long Red or Thin 
Cayene, Hungarian Wax, Jalapeno. 
Irish Potato — Kennebec, Red Laso- da. Norgold La Chipper. 
Sweet Potato — Centennial. Rose 
Centennial, Porto Rico, Jewel. 
Radish — Cherry Belle, Early Scar­ let Globe, W hite Icicle. 
Rutabaga — American Purple Top. 
Spinach — Early Hybrid 7. Dixie 
Savoy. Bloomsdale. 
Squash — Early Prolific Straight- neck. Aristocrat (zucchini), Dixie Hy­ brid Crookneck, White Bush Scallop. 
Tomato — Spring Giant. Big Set, 
TAMP Monte Grande, Nematex, Ter­ rific, Better Boy, Bonus. 
Turnip — Purple Top, White Globe, 
Just Right, (greens) Seven Top. 
Crawford. 
Watermelons — Charleston Gray, 
Sugar Baby, Klondike. Seedless Tri-X 
313, Crimson Sweet, Sweet Princess, 
Jubilee. 

These are typical symptoms of cold injury. 
I have seen quite a bit of this on magnolias. Some­ times, secondary fungi will further deteriorate 

 the leaf. Spraying with a fungicide, such as maneb or captan, will prevent this. Fertilize the tree now to help the tree grow out of this problem. 

Is there any way to keep sandspurs from coming up? 

Putting out a pre- jaiPr on Suggested pre­ em ergence herbicide em ergence herbicides now will help keep most are Balao, Dacthal or of these sticky pests from 
Betasan. popping out of the ground 

W hat is a good way to keep cutworms from cutting off my vegetable transplants? 

Either spraying dia- zinon liquid or applying diazinon granules around 

 the base of the plant will keep them away. 

Questions on various aspects of lawn, garden or plant care, as well as landscaping, can be answered in this column. Please address any correspondence to the columnist himself and not to this newspaper. Correct mailing address is: Down to Earth, c/o Terry Wil- bourn, County Extension Horticulturist, Texas Agricul­ tural Extension Service, 2o3 W. Nuevo St., Room 
31o, San Antonio, TX 782o7. 

O ’Dowd to ‘Real Estate 
J 9 8 o ’ seminar 

Joe O'Dowd of Century 
21 Real Estate here ro- cently completed a two- day management semin­ ar in Houston. 
Most brokers in the in­ dustry today are search­ ing for ways to better serve the public today. 
Said largest 
Century 21, the world s largest real estate o r­ ganization with more than 3,5oo offices in the 

 serving the public well. 
The questions a d ­ dressed at this unique m anagem ent sem inar were the needs of the public in 198o. 
Topics included deve­ loping computers to do real estate workloads, fi­ gure buyers' monthly payments and estimate 
U.S. and Canada, c a a ffiB m K s r - is . sellers’ net closing costs; 

 conversion of agents to employes for more con­ trol to better serve the public; advantages of guaranteed sale and buy-back ag reem en ts and changing m anage­ ment responsibilities more effective referral program s: advertising policies of the future; and many more. u tu rn s m u tt--------- 

WINTER CLOSE OUT SALE! 
Three nearly com pleted, custom built hom es In 

HIDDEN CREEK 

9531, 9535, & 9453 S1NSONTE 

THE FINEST QUALITY OF: 

• KITCHEN APPLIANCES 

• CABINETRY 

• HARDWARE AND FIXTURES 

• BUILDING MATERIALS 

IS ALL YOU NEED TO REMEMBER 

$68,8oo to $75,ooo 

FNERGY SA VIN G , ROTARY 
POWERED CENTRAL HEAT & 
AIR C O N D IT IO N IN G 

COMFORT C O N D ITIO N ED BY 
FEDDERS 

M ARKETED BY BILLY FELLOWS A 
ASSO CIATES. PH ONE 6 9 o -9 2 2 o . 
A G EN T — SO B STARK 
PH O N E 4 9 2 -2 8 6 6 

TEN WEST 
Apartments 

COMPARE OUR | - ft r 
PRICES! 

I Bedroom 

$ 1 8 5 

DIME 

I I y i n 6 
U M 

(8 o o sq. ft.) 

, 
ALL BILLS 

PAID 

A ’T ] 
* 

P o » € « i 
] 

UNDER N EW M A N A G E M E N T 

1o7o7 IH IO W IST 
69o-ooo1 

C L A S S IN G DISPLAY 
CLASSI El ED DISPLAY 

G raciou s 
JOiving b e g in s 
(Barnful 

Another M ike Kinder original in O ak Creek Northw est. 

From *79,5oo to *1 I 5,ooo 

1o 9 o 2 W ild G rape 

LITTON 

M IC R O W A V E O VEN 

CUSTOM BUILT-IN 
INSTALLATION 

6 3, 4 4 5 bedrooms with split arrangements 

3 4 4 bath designs 

Webbers and Ceiling Fans 

 lartje oaks— Horseshoes Drives 

6 
Beamed Cathedral Ceilings 

Microwaves— Continuous Cleon Ovens 

Will Trade or Custom Build 

9 Models Open Doily 
696-833o 

1 mile out Vance Jackson from Loop 4 I o 

TUCKED AWAY 
AMONG THE TREES 
YET ONLY ONE 
MINUTE FROM IM IO 
ADULT I FAMILY 
SECTIONS 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 
49o9 WOODSTOHE 

L o c a t e 

 t a r 
A t e e d s v t 

 t o 

 a p a r t m e n t s o n t h is p a g e a r e 
S H O W N IN THEIR A P P R O X . LO CATIO N S OU MIMM 
APTS. 

Quiet Adult Apts. 

3 2 4 3 
N acogdoches 

/ m > ’> — 
/ f t * . rt.Y 
Sundance 
4615 GARDENDALE 
6 9 o -8 3 2 o 
C H A N G IN G CO N CEPTS IN 
ADULT LIVIN G 

• Fireplaces 
• “ Com plete 
All electric kitchens 

 fARA 

AN APARTMENT HOME 
UNFORGETTABLE AS ITS NAM E 
CONVINttMI IO C*no* ANO untm u m o 
8o51 BROADWAY 
8 2 4 - o o 6 1 
8 2 8 - 7 3 9 3 ] 

1-2-3 
Bedrooms 

A R A R I V t NT% 

9 S 2 S LORENE 
3 4 4 -9 8 8 8 

 y^NKWPjOfflT 

HOME STY LE APARMENT 
LIVING 
4 5 1 S G a rd e n d a le 
6 9 1 - 1 o 4 4 

T e r r a 

A lta 

 lUklt s. UNfURN ut ar ion looms 
AKIF STUDT MV 

411 EVEREST 
8 2 8 - 5 3 3 o 

EF 
*3® 
«Pl« p p 

NOB 
HIU. 
ARARTMINTS 

Nob Hill Apartments eft IN IO 
7626 Callaghan Road/349-1217 

FRENCH CHALE1 
165o JACKSO N KELLER 

TH E U LT IM AT E A P A R T M E N T 
C O M M U N IT Y 

6 5 6 - o 1 8 8 
MADRID 
RTWENTS 
EL 
APARTWE 

• Wather-Dryer 
Connections 
• All Bills Paid 

6 9 6 - 2 8 4 6 
S ill Vance Jackson 

COUNTRY CLUB 
APARTMENTS 

Sn iilral liM'alion 
N«-\l lo Turtle* I ri’t k 
(.oil ( ’.our-** 

KO III Kitirlitf«i ii Itcu r 

The Heritage 

Apartm ents 
I I different floor plans — • 
All with patios 
Priced from $ 2 1 5 — All Bills Paid 
1543 Babcock 
341-2228 

I S 2 Bd. Apts. 
, m SU O L* 
‘j W 
C 
J S t 
I 
A A A U T A U N T S 

All Bills Paid 

LA PLAZA APTS. 
TENNIS W O R L D ” 
• • ACCMMteAU. M A I TO, ANV U M O H CIU* 
• AMAT AHO r AAMLV MC HOMS 
• roe w in e Ates uewvtNivicti) a p A tt m i n i i 
• UHUH** PAIS 
: a S r u B a e w B U K f i u c .... 
I IS M W. 1ooP 41o 
341-4621 

D a r k C oftu n r 
Apoftmont Community 
T ¥ MONITORED SCCURtTY- GARDE*t PATIOS 
LUXURIOUS CIUI ROOM— CYM A SAUNAS 
1 2 3 AOR 
I 4 2 SATH 
U S S S275 (Purr. Adet I U T iilU P S PO 
IO U BANDERA RD 
4 34 419! 
8*tween Hillcrest A Collnyhon 
A BeB Vees AjMprtment Community 

SOUTH SEA 
APARTMENTS 
LEISURE LIVING 
SU P E R L O C A T IO N 

BUNCO AT JACKSON KEIHN 
7543 SOUTH SIA U N I 
341-6251 

I 
W e**le*ht»*li»r S q u a r e 
L|»art m ein* 

I • 2 . 3 b e d r o o m a p t* . 

I .im . mm t il It* I c.rt —.on Aliet M<H*<l»l|rli 

I I M Violin lin s . 
828*11o5 

T h e * «-««11 o f a l M » n u l i f i i l l i f e * * ! v Ie * 

12221 Blanco Rood 
4 9 2 -2 1 7 1 

 o 

W \ I I |( 
*4 SIM ll 
\P VK I WF M' 

 tff Stubby 
G I UFI REVISIONS 

 t h # 
'Pier i 

194o N t 
I im»u 41o 

(Harry Wuube«h twit) 
H26-2355 

FOR QUICK 
RESULTS A N D 
EXTRA VALUE 

CALL 225-7411 

■ a 
•• 
I Country \ illage 

 s |» artiiien l» 

 fin ana 3 Im-ti mr un* 

* • H 'l l i l . t i ' m g l u r I j i h i I k - * h « H i t . l .r - I j i m ! . .. I i i . fro iii 

H I Hr I iH iiilrs \ tlla^r* 
H ill- 1?2 I 

® ^ indere*! \|»urtiiie*nt» 

o5641182 
885 5 NX ill*iii.iii NX as 

I ... j . y rlm lr |Mti**». I »m‘ «*Mi« Mi I** • 
IW L Y M I. M.iit.l<>l|>lt Ami t n r l *4iM 

I uvurt I .is tug in VK. *>iih \ hIhhio 

I 

1o7o7 IN IO W ast 
6 9 o - o o o 1 

 n n i n h s y 

A SOPHISTICATED ADULT C O M M U ­ 
NITY WITH A POOL IN EACH COURT- 
YARD. HALF BLOCK OFF LOO P 41o 
NEAR NORTH STAR M AH. 

16o7 JONES MALTSBERGER 
341 -31 2 6 

Q 
HOA THI AST A RIA c 
Perrin&laza 
I A 2 BDR. A T O W N H O U SE S 
Carder. apl* 
—it* (leon well kept vpo< iou* ground*, po not. bokom#*, p od . - o b to drop ping, feature* pkrt 

Perrin-Beitel Rd. 
6 5 5 - 7 1 2 2 
© NORTHGATE 

539 ELEANOR 
8 2 4 -o o 1 9 
WESTGATE 

! ® t a a m JH (-c d 
AN ADULT APAR TAUNT COMMUNITY 
A U a m * m in S e O N Bus U N I • OHR 
N O C K TROM SI M A H S e O N I N O C K 
(RO M s h o p p in g • t u r n a OCH 

I. 2 A 3 M>« 
U S O *o $243 
UTILITIES RAID 
33o1 W. WOODLAWN 
434-9394 

4 PO R P O M * » » • I M IM I C O tM I U M I V 

FOR QUICK RESULTS A N D 
EXTRA VALUE 
CALL 225-741 I 

IL p — 

 r n 

The jtannian 

19)9 ffedwNfctfcMt Bd. 

P a g e 
I O F 
' 
San A n to n io EX PR E SS-N E W S-— Saturday M arch I 2 1 9 7 7 

CLASSIFIED 
Better Living 
Section 

• Real Estate 
• Mobile Homes • Rentals 

I N D I X 

I I M 
( S T A T E 

7o1 — Owl (stole Heines 
7o7—Houses Open ta Inspection 
7o4— froperty Out of town 
TOA—Comtommiuim • townhouses 
7W—(portments, Duplrm 
71o—MOUW -northeast 
717— 
Northwest 
714—Houses—Southeast 
TIA—Houses-Southwest 
TIO—Houses Nosed and Wrecked 
77o—Houses tor trode 
777—NrsceHaneotrs leal {stole 
774—Houses, Sole or lent 
774—Suburban Property—(treacle 
77o—lesort Properties 
7Jo—lots 
737—foetus and loaches 
734 - forms and lunches tor lent 
734—(ommerciol Property -Sole 
73o—(etnmerttol Property (teasel 
74o—(ommerciol Property (Wonted) 
747- Industrial Property (or Sale 
744—Industrial Property lot loose 
744—Industrial Property Wonted 
741—Office Space for lease 

75o - Office Space Wonted 
7S7 leal Estate Sell or (citrange 
?S4-teal Estate Wanted 
TSI leal (state loons - Notes 
TSI-le a l Estote loons Wonted 

 r 
' 
■ 
- 
....................- I 

M O B IL! H O M fS 
B W 

3o? -rio h ilr H om er to t fo n t 

 k C N T A lS 
( 4 

4o1 Apartments furnished 
4o? - Housekeeping Apr (urn 
4o4 - Apartments, Unfurnished 
4o4- Houses, Oupleies 
— furnished 
4o1- Houses, Supines 
—Unfurnished 
41o - Houses, lent or Se* 
41? -looms, furnished 
414 - looms. Unfurnished 
41 A—looms with Inord 
A ll—Wont to lent or lease 

SAN ANTONIO 
REAL ESTATE SECTIONS o 
N 
NORTHWEST 
HOMES 

2o2 HOUSES OPEN 

LAST CHANCE 
TO BEAT THE RENT RAP 

A 2, 3 and A bedroom to 
3 Garden Homes left choose from. 

2o6 TOWNHOUSES 

W 
O 
O 
D 
S T O 
N 
E j g 
4 9 4 8 W O O D S T O N r 
Country and rot eft ne Hying con be yours today. See these ex citing new townhouses with gorgeous hill country view. 
Northwest area near UTSA ond 
US AA. 538,7oo to 548,4oo. Only 
5% down with one year buy bock plan. Eof details, coll 69o- 
1192. 
2 - 

N aylor Realty Inc. 

2o8 APARTMENTS DUPLEXES m m 
! ® 
* ! 

Off Fredericksburg Rd. by the Medical Center. 
Com e and See D aily 9 to 5 
Call 6 99 -9 2o 1 For D irections 
SANDISON REALTY 

BACHELORS DELIGHT 
7 bedroom townhouse. B rick b-b- a, c u s to m d ra p e s . 
A s s u m e paym ents under SI7o or new loan at only 121,5oo. 484-72oo 
C E N T U R Y JI Schneider Realty 

Looking for a new home? 

TODAY’S YOUR L U C K Y D A Y . . . 

High Country Estates 
656-4471 
$41,15o to $53,4oo 
Nacogdoches at Judson 
Meadow Wood North 
494-6163 
$34,ooo to $41,45o 
Jones Maltsbgr ot Thous. Oaks 
684-1123 
PM 471 at Culebro 

• Double 
Garages 

The Great Northwest 
$38,5oo to $55,1oo 

VA, 
FHA, Conventional 
• Fireplaces 
North East or Northside Schools. 

Coates Development Co. 
Courtesy to Brokers 

B R O O K H O L L O W 
T O W N H O U S E 
North of San Pedro O N E S T O R Y 
2-2-, ivy cou rtyard entry. I livin g with fireplace, bar, built-ins, large k itc h e n , g a rd e n d in in g ro o m . b rick p atio! Pool and cabann a. 
$41,9oo. O W N E R A G E 4*4-7354 
C H A P L E S D ie s T F R --------- would be happy In this storybook setting of tall chim neys, bay w in­ dows, balcony. 2-3 bdrm s in m in­ i-village. Lush garden, pool. 
M AC R E A L E S T A T E 828 2521 
C O LO N IE S V I L L A G t ctondom in turn, 7 bedroom s, 2 full baths, ap­ pliances, shag carpet. Equity and assum e $1*7 mo. or refinance. 
924-4525 
H A S K IN S R E A L T Y 

 c o n d o m iE Tu m 
5a l e 
Owner is desperate, wants $2,5oo e q u ity fo r 3 b e d ro o m , 7 b a th c o n d o m in iu m In T u rtle C re e k . 
A s s u m e b a la n c e of $33,ooo 
($1o,ooo equity sa crifice d for 
$2,5oo) 
341 8134 
A B D O 
347-o933 
L U X U R Y T O W N h 6 m E 
Good NW location. 3 bedroom s, 2 baths, 1-story. G o rg e o u s la n d s ­ cap ed p a tio . A re a pool o c ro s s street $34,$oo. 
R E A L T O R 
491-13oo 
Century 21 
E L A IN E LU D W IG & ASSOC. 
M l G N W l E h i T W ;-?Cp."ln T t,e- ritoq e F a rm s . O n ly $325 down. 
$272 mo 
J B J R E A L T Y 474-8883 Anytim e 
M A R Y M O N l A R E A G lam orous 
Tow nhouse 3-2’ i, m a ste r suite dow n. 3 c o r g a ra g e . 824-2439, 
Jones-King Realtors. 

★ FREE ic 

He* the 
Income from balow listed opts. pay for] k thorn. 

 f O U R P L f X i fully furnished et kflcienciet. Ideal loco Hor All units! tufty tom and o* have current 11 year leases with o monthty income, 
► of $3oo Priced to sell tor only] 
514,5oo 
5 8 3 - 3 2 5 7 

 r O U R H U X on w 
W o o d la w n , 3 ( 

 o re u n fu rn is h e d , b u t oil hovel re frig e ra to r* a n d sto ve w ith ta r g e t 

 w w oN* in c lo s e t*. I unit i* fu fly fu r n .; 
" a il u n it* h a v e 
I y e a r c u rre n t! le a s e *, w ith a n incom e o f 
$ 4 6 5 J 
^ p e r m o . 
W ill setl n o w fo r o n ly J 

$ 3 9 ,5 o o 
5 3 3 - 3 2 5 7 

DUPLEX: I side h im 1 b e d ro o m ^ b a n d th e o th e r turn 
3 b e d r o o m .f 
Y o u m ig h t like to live in o n e a n d y le t th e o th e r m a k e p a y m e n ts fo rd 

F y o u . B o th o re c urre ntly te a se d a n d ! 

 w ith am in com e o f $ 2 3 7 m o n t h ly ,j p ric e d to sell n o w fo r| 
’ $21,ooo 
5 3 3 - 3 2 5 7 

$25,5oo IN 
CAMELOT I? 
Not a misprint, just a super home! Cal! us and you'd better be quick! 
6 5 3 - 4 3 5 o 

BEANIE 

OWENS CO. 
RIAITOR-MIS 

W a l z e m 8 8 . Oft. 

21o HmtStSNOTTHEAST im RUSES I18BTHEAST 

PRE-OWNED HOMES m e n to m u 
3 b e d r o o m s , how oh mark a f 
K E 

S c h o o ls , b n m o tu t o t o . f r e e d to 

 te ll. $ 2 2 ,9 o o 
K ite s 8 2 4 7 7 6 8 

B Y O W N E R : 3-2-1, a ir , n e a r school, fenced. 453-9399; 698-2344. 
B y ow ner A la m o H gts Schools, c o m p le te ly r e d e c o r a t e d , 531 
Calum et. 824-7252_______________ 
B y o w n e r, 4-2-2, o p p r o i HOO sq.ft., fireplace, cov patio, m any extras. 
V A 
7% loon, 
$47,5oo 
'453-5758. 

B Y O W N E R . A T ru ly unique cu sto m hom e in a c o u n try setting. 3-2 2 plus study and w o rk s h o p . D o z e n s of oak trees. Son P edro 5 m iles north 
Of 41o $54,5oo. 494-2521 

NEW EXCLUSIVE AREAS 
• WHISPERING OAKS • COUNTRYSIDE 
. HUNTER ’S CHEEK 

P R E S T IG E H O M E S 
J V S S ? * 

« • * r n 
, 
« k i t i 
£ 
S 
6 
J 

• tinm an C W .D O C t o $ 1 2 8 o o o l l 
J 
T i m f 

F o l i a , B o r n a n e m f B o u t o H o m e * . O r 
1 
" 
■ 
' tittle! iff4* cufMM rRMMMQ m * 

492*1o68 • 494-6249 • 492-2272 

N O C 
A 
R 
E 
L I V 
I N 
G 
2 b e d ro o m . 2 bath lo w e r le v e l 
C o n d im ln u m 
N e a r U S A A ond 
M e d ica l C enter. W asher, d ry e r, re frig erato r and drapes stay. A s­ sume or refinance. $34,ooo 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
__________696-1412____________ 
O F F W A LltfeM R D 2 bedroom s, carpets, a ir $7oo down 
494-747oSLATER R E A L T Y 344-o93 

PRIVACY LOCATION 
H a ve you been lo o kin g tor the total deal This Is one of the best In town. Two bedroom s, 2 baths with fireplace, ready to m ove In with drapes and re frig e ra to r. E n io v the tun of the sw im m ing pool this sum m er. Close to Loop 41o in the 
M arym ont A rea O nly $44,5oo for 
Tops In enviom m ent ond p rivacy. 
349-4343 or 349-3535 A nytim e 

Beanie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S B lan co Rd Ole 

INQUIRIES INVITED 

ON 
INCOME 
PROPERTIES 
3 o -2 4 Unit. 

• Various locations 
• flexible 
Terms 
NCT atour 
M C l l STERLING BURKE 
I I 
REALTORS 

| 
| 
1 2 4 - 4 8 5 1 

7 7 o 1 B r o a d w a y # 1 o 4 

Y o u n g , r e s p o n s ib le in v e s t o r wonts to buy 2-35 older units from retirin g owner, P a trick 347-3473. 

B Y O W N E R -C A M E L O T ll, 3-2-2. la rge liv in g area, fire p lace , d in ­ ing. large kitchen, b reakfast area, carpeted, fenced. $57oo equity ond 
$277 mo. Atter 5 pm, 453-5o51 
B Y O W N E R . 3-2-2, central a ir and heat, d ish w a sh e r, d isp o sal, c u r ­ tains and rods, stove, H b rick on corn o r lot. $25oo equity and as- sume. No Agents 337-4413._______ 
B Y O W N E R ; C o lo n ial 2-story, 4 bedrooms. 3 baths, 2<KM)5 q.Ft., of luxury living, fireplace, intercom , all am enities. M ovin g. S a crifice ; 
$44,5oo 1311o Lark Y o rk. 45$-3o42. 
B Y O W N E R . 4-3-1, C u l-D e -S a c, 
C e n tr a l a ir , c a r p e t , te rm s . 
341-9182 or 824-1o14. ____________ 
B v o w n er, 3-2-2, $3,ooo e q u ity , 
$284. mo. V olley Forge, 454-7378. 
By owner, 4-1-2, F ire p la ce , den, attic tan, a ir and heat, o te ctric g a ra g e door, c a fh o d ro l c e ilin g , new paint, dishw asher. $35,9oo 
455-8951.________________________ 
B Y O W N ER , G reenfield V illage. 4 or 5, 2-2 27oo sq ft. Vj a cre tot, lu x u ry features. P re -lis tin g bor- qofn. Below m arket 458-1941 

21o HOUSES NORTHEAST 
341 1147 

EDYTHE B. COOPER 

R E A L T O R 

(•melton from J-1177 
T W I • Gerroctton price should read 
$22,7oo 
3o948$ • Correct pre* should read 
$29,77$ 

IWW Business 
19938 
$31 E. VtHoret 
$17,97$ t i 
I SSO 
3 21 
2o38o 
5531 Indign Pipe $11,47$ 
U M 
U S O 
31 ICP 
T M M 
821 W Soul heros* $15,97$ t i 
(SSO 
711 
Statement required, become el the 
■Msiprsed me el pewit* containing ours* amount* of teed prior ta 
19V). tm understand the potential danger ta young ch possibly exist due ti the* eating peeking porn t Shoe 

 makes na repairs of any kind ta 

2 lC l^ 1218 Great Spent $16,47$ t i 
MSO l l ICP 
29o6o4 S427 Punted Morse $16,65o 
U M 
MSO 
11 ICP 
3o1344 
S933fowmeade $1o,27$ 
U M 
MSO 
3 1 o 
3o9543 8522 Sweet Made* $24,77$ 
A l 
185o t i VS I 
Statement required, ownei-.iup ouc agtrabdrty of refrigerator and range 

$4o7 Inglewood S3? 97$ t i 
MSO 
32 2 
Statement required, ownership end ema#dMy of refrigerator and riothas washer unknown li t TST 7431 Soddbaaed $31,77$ t i 
OSSO 
3 2 7 

G O V E R N M B N T -O w n e d H o m es 
Fo r Sale. 2, 3 and 4 bedroom No down paym ent Anyone can buy 
V et o r N o n -V e to ra n W hy rent when you can buy?. 
R E O C A R P E T 453-4364 

HAVE YOU HEARD?? 

M u le Fortuna. R ay Keutnan. te rry K irk p a tric k and Jeanne 
Nowotny are now doing busi­ ness as 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 
374o C o lo n y 
696-1412 

HOMES - $2oo DOWN! 
M C V E Y R E A L E S T A T E 922 17o4 

OPEN SAT. 2 TO 6 
43o7 MURFIELD 

IN riff VILLAGE IN OAK HULS, beautiful 3 bedroom. 2 bath garden home with comer fire­ place ond wet bar in fomtly room 7 community pools and club house $78,5oo 

Also; 

Another 3-2-gordea home for 
$73,5oo 

4313 MUIRHEID 

IN Tiff VILLAGE IN OAK IMUS. on exceptionally beautiful 2 bedtoom, ?V$ both contempo lory, bright and beautiful 
Home with study and we! bar 
Club house, 2 community pools $89,ooo 

76o7 PIPERS CREEK 
IN FGIEST GEEK. Sharp 4-7 with large bundy room 
Minutes from Lockland and Kelly Im­ mediate occupancy $33,25o 
7611 PIPERS CREEK 
IN FOREST GEEN 3 bedrooms, 2 both*, H rock smalt hying area home immediate cc cuponcy 
Convenient to lock land f Kelly $37,ooo 
3 4 4 - 3 o 7 8 8 2 8 - 8 2 4 1 
4 9 4 - 7 7 1 1 6 3 6 - 3 4 4 1 

\\\M8£Z 

OPEN HOUSE 
NOON TO DUSK 
Come tee ear unbelievable prices 

 el new homes. 
3 6 3 3 C R I C K W O O D in W o o d s o n # 
Prices ronge (rom $29,9oo and up Three ond lour bedrooms, off 
Nacogdoches Id 
6 5 6 -3 o o o 

BEANIE 

OWENS CO. 
REALTOR-KAES 
Perrin Rebel Ofc. 

RARE GEM 
3 bedroom, 2 baths. I story town­ house. I livin g areas, only 3 m in ­ u te s fro m M o d C e n te r . O n ly 
534,4oo. D on’t hesitate! 

LANDMARK. REALTORS 
49o 95o2 
S A L L 6 ft L E / U F B y o w n e r, 
1 9ooSq.Ft., C o n d o ( m o i. old, 
1-2-1 >-2, 2 livin g areas, fireplace, e xcellen t storage, p riva te patio, double gorage with opener. 575oo and assum e 531,9oo note or Loose 
545o per Mo.. 41o4 Vance Jackson 
No 31 49o 1571 

R E A L T O R 
341 1867 

EDYTHE 8. COOPER 
AA 1 B A t tb A lif IIIY 1 i i-?, fire place, appliance*. 53oo down. 
694-743oSLATER R E ALTY484-414 
A L A M O H E IG H T S SCH O O LS 

TERRILL HEIGHTS 
New ly painted 3 bedroom . I bath cottage, hardw ood floors, covered p a tio , p r ic e d to r q u ic k s a le . 
R E A L T O R S 824-o284 

STEV E ! FINCH 

ALAMO HEIGHTS 
S e e in g I* b e lie v in g ! A n im m a c u la te 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th home, livin g room with fireplace, large separate dining, l l X 18 den, ond m odern kitchen, cen tral heat and air . O nly 552,4oo. 
124-o4o4 
R E A L T O R S 
126 7995 
SU E W E E M S A ASSOC. 

RY OWNER 
Im m a cu la te 3-2-2, fir e p la c e in large living area, p riva cy fence, best quality e le ctric kitchen. A s ­ sume 7 'i S note. N E ID . C a ll tor opp*. No Agents. 431-1355. 
B Y O W N E R . 1-2-2, In C onverse. 
M u st s e ll th is m o n th . A s k in g 
54,3oo equity, assu m e I ’ jN F H A 
Loan, 5272 per month. M ake on 
Offer. 459-1oo1. 
__________ 
B Y O W N E R , in K irb y 3-1-1, car pated. ail drapes, new gas range, large covered patio, la rg o b e a r­ ing pecan trees, 441-2515 .aft. 5pm. wkdys, oil day wfcnd*. 
By owner, in V alen cia. 4-2-2, cent, air-heat, b e au tifu lly landscaped, coy patio, carpet, 551,9oo. 11o15 
E l Sendero. 454-2998____________ 
By owner, K irb y , corn er lot, ex- cellent, 524,5oo 441 3o42_________ 
By owner. Liv e Oak, 524,ooo. 4-2-1. 
Corpet, fence, patio cover, central a ir -b e a t, r a n g e , d is h w a s h e r , disposal, 435-4874. 
By owner, Live Oak, 4-2-2 2 story. 
534.ooo 
7H V A loon. 5279 mo. 
434 29o3_________________________ 
Bv owner. 4-2-2, livin g and dining g r e a t , c a r p e t, p a tio c o v e r , fenced, N E IS O 455-2327.________ 

 a i a m o h e i 6 M s s c h o 6 L 5 ! 
C harm in g hom e with tots o( S a l­ tillo tile .3 b e d ro o m s, 2 b a tb t. 
Living, dining room s ...patio! 
532,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
124-9431 

Bv owner. Liv e Oak, 4-2-2, living, dining and fam ily rooms. Covered p a tio , p r iv a c y fe n c e A s s u m e 
5227. mo or refinance 
531,5oo 
433-5827 

S E N E C A E S T A T E S 

3 bedroom , 2’ i bath, lu xu ry 2 sto ry T ow nhouse, 2 c a r fin ­ is h e d g a r a g e 
54o,5oo. 
484-o711. 484- M il. 144-4197 

• J A I 
Le 2d 

H 
I M A W K I Y I late HI Man* ta Hwy 1841. Wa* tat! la was* k e t iu VaMay ar 
Oat rater . . . talk a Mw aroar aa aar 
Ha,a I alary, H H War* tom*. tai aa aa avaram. Hate tar aa te ran arf fcaHal 4 rn aah larry. arris a Wart 

$$9,RSO et A lte rn 824-9631 
• U Y C H I P M A N C O . 

TERRIFIC BARGAIN 
T h is lo v e ly lik e new h o m e is priced con siderable below sim ila r m o d a l* . I n c lu d e d o re p re tty d ra p e * , a n d a m o v a b le g re e n house C all about if s m any e xce l­ lent features. 
555.ooo 
Niles, 
455-2417 
1281241 
DON JO H N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

K E Y G R O U P 

IM M E D IA T E CASH 
F o r Your Hom e We gov oil clos­ ing costs! We also take trades 
CON 
494-5571 
415-8474 
512-3252 
Century 21 
W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 
555555555*5*555 
•{NEED 1o HOUSES# 
San A n to n io R e a l E s ta te p a y s cash tar yours hi 72 hours. I pay all closing cost 349-4511 

Need To Sell Y ou r Hom o Now* 
F o r F A S T S E R V I C E —C a ll 
544 5544 H art M cC o rm ick R ealtor 

OWN 2 TO 5 
144 RIDGE TRAIL 
HOLLYWOOD PARK 
EXECUTIVE HOME 
349-4343 

DIANI! 
OWNES CO. 
K A H O E -MIS 

Blanco Rd Oft. 

RTI * a u d its out# JO ft u t tack im« by e n t a i l * 

Subject ta change ta pm*. prier sale et ptfhdrawal et any time aube ut eerie* Often to Bun bos* en! net be accepted where the ta eh ai hoi failed ie wheat ta VA a signed copy af VA firm H U M 
Hart IMO IM non-dHcnmmettee 
* 
TWQ iNRS-f QDOltfl^d offer a i ha eccttaed hem those received within 5 wark days af the puhht appear ame of the in mal or lamed listing Sales cam m am a en SS et iotas. poyaMt 

o * o $ KOIVU) 
7o7o9 IAE 
I t l l * Cental Mena Hor.* 
N fiS t Stater 
M /717'Tpsl e m f nates 
ITW !'Statal Bueateio tucker 

 a m * A c t in ic 
34$$$4/lwtarstatf 
1988/4 Kelley 

O K U t u t O U) 
2813o$ fruneda com K B K o t o s ONLY 

A m m m M B ite r * yea bay a r ta ET n a g B e* We buy equities Cgs* 
M 
U 
M A L T O S ) m ,491 
A V A I L A B L E s?5«,<tao Quick cosh her bouses ar e q u itie s We gay eke s in g ta a l P o s t S e rv ic e ! Any 
■ su e Ash tar 

A L L S T A T E R E A L T O R S 
‘J M P ! l f U t H I ' 
KFORf YOU SEU 
L o t a s m ake a C A S H a tte r fa r 

“ L i l t ' 

 pour na m e mr equity C all now> 

C A S H for H O M E S 
W e Bag H O M E S and E Q U IT IE S bt aa eel. « Hi craal, and F a s t S ir - wwa W e pay att C le o n e Casts, 
C e* C o o f ar Bem ata. MI-4114 g i f t A, i i A L TORS 

$ CASH S 
F O * VOL** H O M S OR E Q U IT Y 
W B F A V A L L C LO S IN G CO STS r n e u i t a V Q H t i * BR I SC o t ___ 
C oe* tar pour Moi intra# equity 
L o rn t O w tta B e yM i 445$ 444 r n * 

O U M m u DOMES 
S M 7711 

NO DOW N P A Y M E N T 
A N Y O N E C A N E U Y I G o v e rn m eal acqu ired properties 5 4 be­ d ro o m . 2 b a lk h o m e s in p e e d oreas Call today tar details 
R E A L T O R 
491-114o 
Century 21 
E L A IN E LU O W IO A ASSOC 
NO DOWN PAYMENT 
Anyone can q u a lity 1 Veto, den t 
Idee your e lig ib ility 1-4 bedroom s. 
2 b ath s sam e w ith a ir and aa priorate* 
Paym ents less m an 
I rent, 
E O S D e PA O LO i* 4 ioy| 
R E A L T O R I 
P R O P E R T Y O W N E R S 
We only charge 5544 com m ission 
I tar se llin g hom es re g a rd le s s et p rice C H A R L E S W A T T S R E A L 
E S T A T E 
712-291 S. 712 5155. 
228-9144 o p e n 24 H ours a Day, 7 
I Days a Week 
' 
R E N T A L M A N A G E M E N T 
1 Hove our professional staff ban 
I die you rental prop erty C a ll tar 

N iles 494 1444 
Century 21 
W A K E F I E L D R E A L T O R S 

WEIL BUY YOUR HOME 
F a r cash Fast S ervice W ill trade 
RO B D e PA O LO 
M4-3i9J f l A C TOR 
W HY P A Y R E N T 7 Own your own hem e. ne daw n p a ym e n t ta an vane! Paym ents tass m an rent 
I tom M ontgom r, , tau cts 

M 
I S 
OPIE 
_ 

A L L B R IC K I bedroom U s bom 
H O M B B U IL T O N Y O U R LO T 
514,954 I t ll G o rd in a eft W Avo 
S P E C IE B U IL D E R S Inc 149 1491 

POM B U N N O R T H E A S T 
I and 4 boar nom nam es 
545 OOO ta 551-944 v a f h a Ne city taxes 
H A R R IN G T O N H O M E S 
144 ISM 
454 4444 

G715 SHADY UKE DR 
E xquisite I bedroom . 2 bath home loaded with extras Fu lly card e l od, covered patio, p riv a c y fence ond p ro fe s s io n a lly la n d sca p e d 
W ill bo open 2-4 P M S u n d a y. 
M orel! lim or call 
451 o574 
AM VTIIut£ 

WORLDWIDE REALTY 

$26,SOO to $31,9oo 

N ew 3-2-1'$ - 3-2-2 * 
444-4584 nile 124-1179 A nytim e) 

THERE AINT NO WAY you can b e at liv in g in the San 
P e d ro H ills tow nh ouse H eated pool, cabana with full kitchen tor parties and gardener tor a start or relax in your townhom c with wet b ar, fire p la c e , big kitch en , two or I b e d ro o m s, a r a su p er b a c h e lo r p a d w ith g a m e le ft. 
Starting at 542,96o 
C all 149 1414 A nytim e 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, R E A L T O R S 
;in " Y W ¥ D ^ k JV iiS ( LaW * Mo vt 
O ft E is e n h o w e r R d lu s t p a s t 
! H a rry W u rib a c h . 2 sto ry, I be- 
| droom 2 'i bath , 2 ca r g a ra g e , 
: pool, te n n is co u rt, clu b house. 
I 548,5o6 No agents 
"w S S b H iS A * ' \64IUh6H E V 

Super 

Guy Ctiipman Co rn 

* ./C L a A S H A t f f a f b 

By owner, Liv e Oak, 1-2-2, extra la rg e room s, stone fire p la c e In liv in g room , ca th e d ra l ce ilin g s, drapes, carpet, w orkshop, beau­ tifu l view of R A F B 7 m i a w a y, good condition 548o6 equity. mo. 454-471o___________ _ 

 a ttra c tiv e hom e in q u ie t n e ig h ­ borhood. 4 bedroom , 2 bam . fa m i­ ly room with built ins, m any ex­ tra s Ideol tor fa m ily w ith c h il­ dren. to schools 548,5o6 714-1911. 

H A H REALTY 

"AUMO HGTS" 
Cute and cozy-2-1, id eal for cou- j pie Swap dream * tor actu al ow ­ nership buy your home now. 

"JUST LISTED" 
S p aciou s I bed ro o m n ear C a m ­ bridge School. Assum e loon 

"TERRELL HILLS” 
P r ic e r e d u c e d on th is I 2-2 ' s p a cio u s fa m ily hom o M o v e I I m ore tim e to your own home 
Your investigation is w olcom o 
C all 822-11o1 

HARTMAN REALTORS 

AUMO HGTS SCHOOLS 
FIR S T O F F E R IN G 
2174 SO ft. et real q u a n t Larg e en tertain in g are a w ith separate dining room , I bedroom s, study. 
2 'i bam s C a ll tar d etails today. 
144.56o 
124-o4o4 
R E A L T O R S 
124 4481 
S U E W E E M S E ASSOC. 

IM-8824 

O R E N H O U S E . S u n d a y M a rc h I lim I 5om, 4 good M io bedroom s 
2 tile bath room s, 2 c a r a e ra g e with finished walls, paneled farm- 
Iv room with b rick ond Saltillo tile ; fireplace. Ii Vina roam , cath edral ceiling, open kitch en with plenty et work space Lets et closets and cabinets, la rg e pretty yard , eft p riv a c y fen ce, ra is e d g a rd e n , venetian blinds and d rap ery on a ll windows W all to w all corbeling, ram gutters, other im pro vem ent* ! can re m a in 
W a lk to S ch o o ls, clo se lo R A F B , W in d s o r F o r k 
M a ll a n d F I. S o m H o u s to n . I t* SOO equity ossum e 7*|N Loan. 
7414 Oak M arsh T ra il. Tho C ro ft ' at Live Oak or cad s is 7428 
O P E N H O U SE 
Sat Sun 12 ta 4pm 
782 Fab u lou s, C h u rc h ill MI, E n ­ chanted F o rest, l l ' i l, sew ing room , cove re d patio, fire p la c e . abave ground pool Lew Id's. Bv owner, 141 8852 
O P E N SAT 
J t a i M P.M . 
BLOSSOM HILLS 
136o7 Chenille Drive 
F O R T O D A Y ’ S E X E C U T I V E — 
! The utm ost in c a re fre e liv in g ) 
T a s te fu lly o g g g in tg d g a rd e n nom e Witt* I la rg e liv in g a re a , tira p la c e , I la rg e b e d ro o m s. 2 plush bam s, 2 sunny dining areas. 
Lu x u ry features galore I 
Only 
555.9o# 
494-7451 A N Y T IM E 

ROSOW & KLINE 

O P E N 
S A T U R D A Y S U N D A Y 
2— 5 

Transferred, For Sale By owner. 
2 m o*, o ld . C u s to m d e s ig n e d , 
4-2 2, H ID O E N C R E E K Open Sa­ tu rd ay 1-5. Sunday IS ta 4, M id 
54o s. 549-4447 att 5pm_________ 

~ YE OLDE FOREST 
SU rou n d s m is E n u lrth T u rd e r heme alam os! 7 aero* of taros! I bedroom. I' ■ both*, pom e room , fa m ily roam , liv in g roam , deck, wet b a r, m ic ro w a v e oven, sun g a rd e n w in d o w 
IN 18 NW 
17 m ilos norm of W onderland E X IT 
T A R P O N D R 
F a llo w s ig n s ! 
O P E N 
S A T U R D A Y 
A I M 
S U N D A Y 

In-Town 
Location. 
Am enities 
Ho2 Eisenh au or 
124-41o! 

IOU APMTMEMTS BUFUHEt 

. l i t s i a m i c r c r a a l . c o u n tr y k it c h e n , c o r n e r lo t, londscaped. 512.5oo C a ll 
IN T E R S T A T E 828 o/55 til I pm 

Owner, HVy-1, near Randolph 
Fu lly carpeted, air, tonco, trees 525,8oo 638 o148.__________ 
By Owner N E 1-2. Lim groom , den j with fireplace Lorg e pom e room ! with pool tabla N ew carp e tin g . 
Walk to school. Convenient ta Ft 
Som ond R a n d o lp h . A v a ila b le 
June I. 519,4oo equity and assum e j 
453 *837_________________________ 
By ow n er no a g en ts, 1-2-4, in 
Cam elot W olk to I schools ond 
W indsor Ph M all L o rg e corn er lo t 
2 C o v e r e d p a tio s , a b o v e ground pool L a rg e fenced g a r den. W ater Seffner, m ony ether e xtra s M u st see to a p p re cia te . 
Shown by appointm ent only. Coll 
455-2785 
______________________ 
B Y O W N E R . Oak T errace Estate, 
1825 S a .F t. 4-2-2. f ir e p la c e in fam ily roam carpet throughout, large fenced and treed yard. N E 
Schools 549,88o 828 2o92________ 
B Y O W N E R OH P e rrm Bettel Rd. 
I-iv y -1 , c e n t r a l a ir a n d h e a t, c a rp e t, ste v e , c o s t.d ra p e r ie s , p riva cy lance 524.56o No agents. 
M4-M4I or 45o-19o1 otter 5pm 

BY OWNERS 
F R E E R e fe rra ls Ie Omer hem es 
“ F o r Sale Bv O w n er” 142-9193 
San Antonie H om eow ners B ro ker 
Bv Owner 517 56o ISS# sa ' tire choco, e a rn e r let, p o n e c o v e r, p riva cy lance, carpet, drape*. 
451-1743. 
_______________ 
B Y O W N E R . 2 sto ry I I i 2. in 
Cam elot ll. Liv in g roam with fire ­ place. den with wet bar. AH E le c ­ tric kitchen with b reakfast area 
C a th e d ra l c e ilin g s . L a r g e u p ­ s ta irs m a sta r suite C o rn e r let with p riv a c y lan ce A ssum ption with equity or rgftnonco 454-6224 

A N X IO U S TO S E L L . 1-2-2 w ith vaulted ceilin g s, ^ replaced den, carpet 541,5o6 Can today. 
IN T E R S T A T E *19 o753 til I pm 
A V E R Y A N X I O U S O W N E R wants otter, I bedroom *, air, c a r­ pals 5144 mo No q u a lity in t 
494 742oSL A T E R R E A L T Y J49 927 

RY OWNER 

END 

C U ST O MKGN Company 
OM H O M B B U tLC 
SVD J44S 
2o4-PROPERrY OUI OI TOWN 

STONEWALL, TEXAS 

(Idle to EU fork on Hwy 29o Ap­ prox 7 4 Acre* 17 unit motel end lettouronl 
(eld Hoi ope vault 
Hook ups fgp IJ niobiic Hofhtt 

Many ether extras Open Term*, 
(omider trade Kine** torte* rake 

$17$,OOO CaM Freak lotted) M I- 
9191, Mites 344 1932 

NAYLOR REALTY INC. 

NEW HOME ONB ACRES 
7445 P IM L IC O (Let 49) 
Bum on a hillside aaa designed ta exploit Hie m agnificent views and coaling aum mer br e e l es P oo ler mg 4 bedroom *. I baths, gam er earn. fam ily liv in g ) sto a t tire- 
Mace*. 2nd alg* y decks, tall* rn auioiee 2 system arr heat sun ben tub era* bar tatty carpeted 
M embersh ip rn F p iro g h i B e a u ti end Swim Club Hem e open daily tar M ttg b tlio a D riv e out IM 16 
N o rth w est, e m L e on S o rin g * . tre e end North aq acce** road ta 
Com p Stanley Sayre tarn right, po j 1< a marie* ta F A iE o a h s erin * 
DON SMITH CD 
694 144* 
B R O K E R 
698 M il 

• 58o? CARY GRANT • 
Oak H ills Terrace W u rib a ch ta 
M arkin* ta Cory G ran t On a tall crest with panoram ic V IEW V ery in v it in g r a m b le r , 1 2 2, d en 
( le x ll) , F P , high beam ed calling y e p e rg te d in in g re am , e le c tric th ru e u t, 
M in u te s ta 
U T S A , 
M e d ica l C o m p lex U S A A , L a c k 
Iona, K e lly 
D en t m is s th is ) 
R E A L T O R S , 824 2147 
Thelma B. Preissman 

S E L L 
Of s 
N O W 
225-16661* 

S A T U R D A Y S U N D A Y 1 -5 
*5oo2 U MARQUES* 

( I n Old F o rm it ) 
S p a c i o u s , 
U k e n e w , 4 t i, en cornor tat with fam ily ream , tire p la c e p r iv a c y t e n e t 
B e lt e r 
Hurry* Eauriy ond assum e 7**h> man 
Can F o u l Coak. I t s st4t, an ytim e 
NJILeUl EM LTY6&31873 

ISI SIMMY IM H 
MOL L YW OOO F A R K 
C U S T O M H O M E 
B U I L T 
B Y 
M E L T O N 
• • O M O * R O N 
* U R N * B U IL D E R LA H O E O N E 
L I V I N G A B E A W IT H E R I C K 
( • r e p l a c e , f o r m a l d i n i n g 
R O O M . F L U S H B R O W N C A R - 
_ 
P E T (N R U o u t 4 B E D R O O M * 
I bark eau f a m i l y 
U n * b l I C H E N ta* put range gash 
W ITH E R I C K E A T I N G A R • A . tirg g io e e r e v e le d 
L A R G E C U L O E SAC L O T *M 
I 
M I O IA 11 O C C U P A N C Y 5/4 *68 i n n * 
S A N F E D R O TQ IS M I 
B I O C X IO t R A I L * R E S T 
TO m o o t t R a i l t Q m e m o r y t r a i l t o IM A D A Y TR AIL 
( D M F a s s R E A L TV 

 r n n i t r n a m 

 mw t# t# n 

BUILDER MUST SEU 
In N ew B ra u n fe ls . N ew B rlc K t t ' i l, 2666 Sa F t., fire g ta c e , i l l 
Term s 34) uuu _ _ _ _ _ _ 

•Central Comrado# w o o d e d . 5 p lu s a c r e t r a c t at fo rm e r South P a r k R a n c h , t i m ites West et Color ode Stam ps eft 
State Hwy 24, State land border* one tide et tract. Pike* Peak N a t ran ut Forest surround* Ranch en 
: three sides. S p ectacu lar view et 
R o c k y M o u n ta in K o n g o . C a ll u*_ r i* ' to* into,m olten 
O E VI N C V X 
154 S o llo c k D r targo cornor tai. I blk gait tours# total N e t in c ) bedroom , I bath ai maturate sh o t ta rg e tin g dish 
«u sh or targe ooiie len t ad yard. w ater sattngr. storag e shod no agents 
Appointm ent only 
1 I-A A S-im 
_______________ 
J IN R O E R n K^ e ld e r I b e ar earn heme, about I ecru tats at oaks and tra it fra u s H a s ow n w a ll. 
H U M f ir m I 7t»44|4 

OPEN HONSE 
ADAMS Hill tray Crees S i 

M a g n ific e n t c o u n try hom o 
•p p i ox I* a m ilos North Epa d o rp . Tx pa H w y IS acres targe yard recs fence 
A p p ro * 165# sa ft 
I la rg e 
Pad* aum 14 o*187 sa R . I 'I b a th t* e s n ii( p o n y roam , war bar. con trol bee* end aw conditioned p lus I se p a l pie reek (.ullage* tar your guest a r teenage■* M e d in a R iv e r ta* b a ck y a rd sw im m ing gad t it h in g 
M a s t se e (a ad p r o n a t e 
L e t i y t x i f f , 
D raper. I le r a il 

C E N T U R Y 21 

M H M V flM G S e. KMM tar % rn f t I i i r m a n d a l a * 
■ • w if e d 
> ta 
VMM ta l l s le a * 

O rio n M in im IG R I I 
Bring rau* beat end Atma# eta* ta Mrs I ta m e E lv e r Pqrdtee De signed N am e hem e hi Im Swiss 
AN** le v e l* s p ira l s ta irc a se eat dm# ta M R sld i beta obna Ll* 
•Mf area bew aste,.* eve'leos* rive* drib bee**Mari cqqMtry side 
Ad Ibis early t*t MB i * N I WM f l l , I taper it A ile 
I M i u n 
AusNri,. 
Genie flee 
•64(4166 

AU M O HEIGHTS 
4 unit apt hutm ing, approxim ately 
14oo s a r i 
E xce lle n t ce n tral location 

POGUE & POGUE, INC. 
*211154 
Since 1945 
*14-6o9* 

44 a n d 78 U N I T S 
High return • Low gauity 
Good area ■ other* available I 
SANTEX 
CO., 
REALTORS 
; 
6S3-o46o 
I v ow n er, 4 units, c c W arren , 
511.6o6 cosh or trode 111 r i l l 

GET THE LEAO OUT 
It your m oney isn t w orkin g lot you. it's casting you This 4-piex w ill have your m oney w orking tar yo u 14 h o u r s o d a y . *!«• a c-1 cuponcy 
C oil lode* tar details I 
GIM ’ , oo 
C E N T U R Y l l Schneider Realty 
HTl TflBim AKEL----- 
Super duplex with r u n t house H i I c e ilin g s , h a rd w o o d flo o rs, f ir e ­ p la c e s . c e n t r a l e v e r y t h in g , equipped kitch en s, ce n tra l ever- 
* thing Please etal us tor details ! 
I r n i m , 
1 M A H E S A L E H IL L R E A L T O R S iW V fc s T M E lif G r o p e r t v 
* unit apt off Broadw ay separate 
I meter*, priced tar tat* thou 5*2o4 
1 per unit Colt tor detail* 826-416* 

REAVIS R U I TY CO 
I 
J i m 
I O U AREA-------- 
Lovely I n a ry Old En g lish Style I la rg e units, e xce lle n t con dition 
Som e a p p lian ce s inclu ded F ire 
| p la c e in e a c h u n it, s e p a ra te 
I m eters ti*,M O . 
R E A L T O R 
o*1 IIM 
Century 21 
E L A IN E LU D W IG A ASSOC j e T T f l t f t k l A K I A ( I un its, i 
SAIS m e in c o m e A lw a y s tut) 
Goad cond 541,566 Owner carry 
141-97S4 m n M 'ia w --------------- 
O ld e r 4-unrt opt house n eap s w ork. but g rtced ta sell W tlAer 
Lafferty 
B roker 
Ole 1617, 
I H A FEZI 
V A M a m a k 
I c a r p e t e d • ? - d re a m t. I b a th s, fa m ily ream , bafta, vary attractive SII,OM 
$ i D avis, R C A L TO E 217 #541 
TTi i G g or e p t t a p t u a i r r 
( l l u n its). R e a l m oney m a k e r, 
•R fER bl. IA7.SE* 7I4-M75 

 n m S T O K COIONIM 
Duplex neat Pecan V aliev corner tat E ric k la rg e ream s, bu ilt aa. central o o o 1 o 6 *, excellen t cond* 
Iran 555 MA 

8 W ill APAHTMEMI babcock fen ( t i J I ( I T l f I 
IO burn ttppal'ufaol 14 u n i t * otsum priqn toon 

(C l IEM IT 
M I 8o65 

Bargain Burners Special 
No down paym ent ta anyone 1-4 bedroom s 2 baths, som e with a ir ond all applian ces F irs t paym ent in M ay. 
E O A D e P A O L O 
144-1891 
R E A L T O R 

B A R G A I N 
Lgrge 1-1-1. Equity, assum e 5218 a me 
♦ m m ______________________ ? i i i n 1 

B U T THE RENT 
^ You can 't rent e nice house like this one tar 5148 a m onth I H as n ic e fe n c e d b a c k y a r d . I b e ­ drooms. I bath, single car ta rage. 
1 ce n tra l a ir and heat. ran ge, re ­ frigerator. excellent tar sm all fam ily 
658 353$ A n y t im e 

Beanie Owens Co 

BEAUTIFULLY CLEAN 
2 story , lust N orth ta Ft Sam I I M sa ft riving arad with fireplace, central a ir and heat. I bedroom *. 
I S bath*, tar m al dining and de­ ta ch e d g a rg g e w ith e ffic ie n c y a p a rtm e n t 111,686. bv a p p o in t­ ment only 

 lovely 3-2-1 in Stingo* be* well paper ond owpof, fu*y equipped kitchen, fenced yard. 
Many owner odder) extras. 
$27,2oo Mites 494 2191 

H U S H A S S P M M 9 
3-2-2 with bonus room for game room or formal dining Fireplace and redwood covered patio 
$41,ooo. Mites 824 9*18 

Fresh « spring. 3-2 with finish od gome room WEN living concept. 
Master bedroom, 18x1o, 1oo% brick - unbelievable' $27,99o 
Mites 6$8 1428 l o w E o u m r 
Owner transferred, quick possession, cheerful kitchen, 6 months old. $31,5oo Mites 174 
9818 

You'll find it herd to resist this 

Freshly pointed inside end out. 
4-2-2, rn excellent condition.. 
$42,25o Mites 4$8 1428. 
M O V! IN 
3-2-2, with oversized longly room, fkeplaco. Good equity. 
QUICK possession $38,5oo. Mites 
826 7668 
WON’T LAST LONO 
Gigantic bock yard, trees. 3-2-2 has had much 
TIC 
Oekixe carpeting, extras goitre. Assume 
6% VA loon Quick occupancy. 
$79,5oo Mites A$« 1428 
QUMT LOCATION 
(educed for quick set. Almost new. immaculate, prryecy fence, nice landscaping Oak trees and other extras moke this 3-2-2 • good buy. Move in. $38,75o. Mitts 
656 8718 
M A D Y POO TOU 
UMOH $4SOO equity moves you into this SEIFER CLEAM 3-2-2 with 
SPACE 
GALORE, huge master bedroom, custom drapes, comer lot. $4J,Soo Mites 656 8718 

Newly painted en a quiet cul-de- soc 4-7-2 bos split bedroom pion, double gate ta backyard Extra 
$27,ooo. Mites 494 7 nice. 
-2191. 

3-2-2, Valley Farge home. Lew equity, nicely arranged, quick possession $31,5oo. Mites 822- 
9438 
( J V I O A K 
Assume 7% leon on this 3-1 -I, fully equipped kitchen 
Extra cleon $19,7oo Milos 494 7191 

 c o o l — 
L O T 
Immocufote 4-2-2 with fenced yard and fireplace in popular 
Volley Forge $41,9oo Mites 824 
9818 

3-2-2, executive model home 
Immediate possession $38,6oo 
Mites 874 9818 
CA— VAT1NO 
3-2-2, fuffy carpeted, garden kit then, covered patio. SUNKEN con version area, fireplace, pre fessionaNy landscaped 
Im mediate occupancy 
$41,9oo 
Mites 658 1428 

O A T O R N IG H T 
6 5 5 -G R 4 R 
• n o r t o i l 
I s o u t h w e s t r e s i t ij 

 f 
We bove 
A - -A.... 

$1 M O V E IN V A 
CONYBmONAl 5% DOWN 
He Fay grata IHI April 77 
3 

S 2 « , o o o - $ 3 4 , 9 S o 
AU KOMIS BATUMI: 
1oo% (rick Construction 
✓ burning Fireplace t-*'’ Energy t^ Saving lockage tx' Car­ pet ✓ Central beot-oir t-'' 
Deluxe Magic Chef off Electric 
Kitchen \S 2 Car Garage 
5 FUB9MSHCD MOORS 
O W E N 9 - 9 
W O O O S T O N I 
C A U 
JOHN GILLIAM 
656*5474. 
V i p i 

TRADE IN 

 yoOr o ld house for a new o il brick hom e. 

E A S Y TO D O : 

Y ou pick one of our new hom es and w e toke your o ld house in trode. N o bother, no double p a y ­ 

 ments. 

C a ll to day on how to trad e in your o ld house on a new a ll brick hom e. 
659-o471 

FIRST OFFERING 
C A M E L O T ti. M ELO W M A R K E T 
P R I C E . 4 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th s , separate livin g room and fam ily ro a m . I c a r g a ra g e , g r iv a c y fence. Assum e l h V A Lean. 
R e e s e H e n r y 

DOU BIE DOUBLES 
Here s some double talk about 
I doubles tho! offer in­ vestment opportunities. Whether owner occupant or investor. Con­ venient to Randolph Air Force lase. Ft. Sam, schools tad shop 
S tentor. GHI Mem* Hawley of 
6364 
$24,ooo for beth duplexes. 
DON’T Bl SOREY TOMORROW 
CAU TOOAY 
For on appointment to see this lovely 3 bedroom, 2 beth borne. 
Ideal locution has mony extras. 
Irked et $2o,9oo in a growing area. Caff ($3-6364 NOW before ifs toe-late. 
SToF GROANING STAT OWNING 
This beautiful I bedroom, 2 both townhome. 
Lorge muster bedroom, convenient to Ft. Som ond Randolph. Just $186 per month of 7M% interest ond 
$2,ooo down and it s yours. Cofl 
(53 (364 to set today. 

I 

O LO C A M E L O T lovely Spanish Style 3 bedroom, 2 bath ond finished double garage 
King size master suite, huge den, tree shaded targe ynrn with sculptured hmm $37,5oo. Cal 821- 
57o4. 
THIS W E EK S S P E C IA L 
The owner has bought another home ond needs to sol Mick. Mo qualifying, low equity ana ossume this nice 3 bedroom. 2 bath, garage, central ronge, dishwasher cuoancv. $22,3oo. Caff 828-57o4. 
CENTURY 21 

•O t RODGERS, REALTORS 
H e rr 
* 

 ok, carpeting, ac. 
Quick oc- 

6 55J5H . 
Realtor 

.N H S * ______ 

New on market bedroom, 2 bath, ?4x 

653-8592 

FIRST OFFERING 
W A L K TO F O O L a n d te n n is courts from this 4 bedroom home 
It s custom built arte all the room s or# spacious. F a m ily roam with fireplace 
Censer lei. P ric e d In ad’*. 
149-1515 ar 149-5111, anytim e 

Deanls Owens Co 
R E A L T O R & to cb tiitl Selm o Ofc 

FIRST OFFERING 

PARTY GIVERS DRUM 
Featuring large gam e room wltti tart and wet bar, but is a delight tut fam ily hom e boasting of I be­ d ro o m s, 2 b a th s an d den w ith fireplace. See if newt 

878-6391 Anytime 

Beanie Owens Co 
R e a ttg ry N I Loop gf<_____ 

(NORTHRIDGE) 

Spacious 
3 x ii paneled 
Ap 
M terms. GHI Frank lotondi 341 
9191, Mites 344-1932 

NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY OE HOMES 
341-9191 691-1121 654-552o 

II 

STO CLOSING COST 
M ove in I B e d ro o m s, r abattis. 
5157 p lu s taxes and in s u ra n ce 
*24-4521, 674-6744________________ 
C O N T E M P O R A R Y D E S IG N by 
Roger R ausboch set in an elite beau tiful sector of O lm os P a rk , this ham * has artfu lly controlled sp a ce * fo r liv in g , d in in g a n d fa m ily a ctiv itie s. 4 bed ro o m s, 3 bath s p lu s q u a rte rs w ith bath 
Luscious patio I 
5145.666 
R E A L T O R S 
824-9*11 
Guy Chipman Co 

FIRST OFFERING 
B e a u t if u lly m a in ta in e d T M I hom e O ver 416* sa ft af lu x u ry livin g in this I bedroom . 4 bath with fo rm al liv in g , dinin g, hug* den. study and quarter*. Located en a p riv a te ooh s tu d d e d le t. 
818-4191. U A 2914 
CLINT LEAKE 

PO R F A S T title se rvice with ne u n n e ce ssa ry d e la y let A L A M O 
T IT L E 
CO. handle lh* 
Deal 
22L222! 
F O R S A L E M Y O W N E R , I be dreem . 2 bath , d o u b le fo ra g e fireplace, 4 yrs eld. 4151 Baylis*. 
455-7939 N E . Schools_________ 

 convenient to W indsor P a rk M all 
N a dawn p aym en t ie an yon e 3 b e d ro o m s, I b ath s, p a rd o n k it­ c h e n , c e n t r a l h e a t a ir , la r g e fe n c e d y a rd , 
134,775 to ta l. 
Paym ents tass than rant 
B O E D e P A O LO 
344-1o91 
E E A L T O R 
C O N V E N IE N T W IN DSO R M A L L . 
1-2-2. appliance*. 51o8 dewn 
♦9S-7428SLATER R E A L T Y 344 69: 

GAME ROOM 
O wner has con verted single ca r o a ra g e in t* a d e lig h tfu l la m e re am w ith re d c a r p e l a n d a ir c o n d itio n in g , g iv in g th is 3 b t dream . 2 bath hom e extra space 
N ic e y a r d w ith s h a d * tre e s , 
Paym ents 52*2. 
658-3535 Anytime 

Dsaiiie Owens Co 
R E A LT O R S-R on detoh Ole 
D A R D E N K IT C H E N . 3 bedroom , carpel, earner tai, fenced 519,9oo 
R OSSI R E A L T Y 
494 7761 

 c ox. 73oo sq ll. of Ruing area. otter hurry! This won I lost! T 
(aff I 

The first $17,56o gets this lovely 2 bedroom hem * en N. New frow n- leis near Ft. Sam . It ll g* V A , F H A o r 
C o n v e n tio n a l lo a n . 
F o r viewing, call 342-4115 A N Y T IM E 

WORLD WIPE REALTY 
I G IV E UPI 
W hat’* lf to in g ta toke to g el an offer en nils excellent 3 bedroom h e m e ? R e a s o n a b ly p r ic e d at 
524,o6o 
E ven ings call 
Silvin o 
656-2561 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y * ! ! o55o 
I 
1-2’ »-2, in Cam elot, wet bar, fir* place, corn er lot 1-story 545,5*o. 
Jim Ashley R eal Estate *o4 427* 
1-2-2, In C onverse, *4.OOO Equity and assum e paym ents 1227. M ust se* to a ppreciate *56-6*o4 arter t i noon, Na agents please e#;- |»rbgLLfftE*T tee— 
A ll b ric k . N o th in g dow n to a n ­ yone! 4 bedroom s, 2 bath, 2 ca r garage, cen tral a ir -hoot 514,5oo 
921 1*o4 
A R C IN IE G A R E A L T Y 

IN TERRELL NILLS 
B uilt for casual riving and fam ily fun, 4 bedroom s and I baths, fire g la ce , 2 c e n tra l h e a t-a ir u n its, la r g e p o o l, p r iv a c y fe n c e 
134-4521, nile* 342 4*49 

Turner Realty 

JUST LISTED 
T h is dehqtaMui 1-2’ i-2, has lu s t been listed in prestigious Country 
Side San Pedro. On* riving area, n icely landscaped yard , drapes and in m int con dition a r* but a taw features 
571,oo6. 
N iles. 
444-5*29. 
*2* 1241 
DON JO H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 

C O N V E R S E 4 -2 -ll 
Corner 519,566. Im m aculate. 5*66 down FH A , ne dawn VA. 
*28-4545 
Priori#* Rrtv 
*54-6975 
C O R O N A D O 
V I L L A G E , 
B vl owner, 4-2-2, 2266 Sa P i, 2 story 
F ire p la ce , eta In kitch en 

* * •>*}* 

 im GLENDORA 
New paint m-out. 1-1-1 
VA appraised *17.666. M f yard 
•28-6M5 
716-17** 
714-4117 
W ATSO N g s o n r e a l t o r s 
G R E E N H O U S E G A R D E N A R E A 
A N O F R U I T T R E E S a ll do ga w ith th is S T A R T E R 
H O M E 
B E A U T Y ! I bedroom s (I ta em 
Carpeted), carpeted riving ream , all control A ll (his and m ar* tar a law 522.956. V A -F H A atli 828-4141. ava* *51*59* j *V“ 
4” 
T * _ t 
. 
. 
. 
COUNTRY ATMOSPHERE 
J M W A A W W ® 

1-1-1. U n iqu e c o n te m p o ra ry d e ­ sign with large single hying area 
AN b rick fireplace 
A ll extras i i i * * 
_______________________________ 
By owner V alen cia fa m ily living, fireplace, eta in kitchen, built in*. walk to recreation , alem school. 
54o,58o *»♦ 1 * 1 4 _____________ 
B Y O W N ER . V alencia. 4 bedroom home. Cul De Sac 
Open T erm s 

A ikO lL _______________________________ 
By ow n er. V a le n c ia 4-2-2. 1566 sq ft carpeted, fire p lace , cath* d ra t c e ilin g s , r e t r ig 519,1o6 
54,66o Equity A vailab le June 1st. 
451-4945________ 

BY IKNER WINDCREST 
Being transferred, m ust sell last chance ta save re alto rs com m is sign 4 b e d ro o m , la r g o fa m ily roam with cathedral coning, tire g la c e , r e a r p a tio v ie w s H ill c o u n try . !9 t7 W in d in g R id g e , 
581,96o 
No a g cn ii 
Bv appl. 
*61-7271. 

This >2-2, an an oak covered lot is I 
A S U P E R B U Y A ll b ric k , fu lly i carpeted, covered acrita T h is Is : another en* w here We can say. i 
“ lf you w aif until th* week end to coli, it w ill araba bely be sold." 
149-5111 or 149-1515 A nytim e 

Beanie Owens Co 

S ta rr ??< 
COUNTRYSIDE 
A beautiful, brigh t 4 bedroom , I* a bath, or I bedroom * and study 
22x17 ft grata roam with a corner fireplace and wet bar. targe tar m al dining, custom drapes, end a quiet cut de-sac location 574.5oo 
347 4177, nit#*, 344 5371 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R E A L T O R 
C O U R T Y A R D H O M E ho* cath* drat ceiling* rn Hvmg aug fam ily a re a s, m a sta r b a d ra a m i I be dream t, I baths N ative trees) 
537.4*6. 
R E A L T O R S 
*58 7667 

HAVE A NAPPY FAMILY 
38 X l l peal and covered patio, perfect tar entertaining lh* whole fam ily This 5 bedroom . I story beauty Is located en a cul-de-sac in p r e s t la e e u s 
N o rth w o o d 
C s ia le t N E school*. E rin * th* fam ily- stay a lifetim e! 
814-86*6 
R E A L T O R S 
114-1561 
SU R W E E M S A ASSOC. 
KEY GROUP 

NEH! 
Iw lis t in g s b ra n d new c lie n ts . S a le s h a v e never been se dead 
POGUE I POGUE, INC. 
*111154 
Since 194!____*21o*11 

HOLEINONE 

IE (UICKi 
I sr# cl ga* I be­ 

 te** 

H igh 

■ gaul a^grtaaaetaf sees* H i P ic I 
Rd* Owner wailing Ie to rii na do ate* ga tiara* 
*64 4)11 at 7)1 9*41 
I*'ON* g a H S I I * 
6 WWW%mm,lrnWl feed candil.tau i v 
M c armed 
Towny l i eraora SM M t a r i l l t A t r i a l WOOD 

 nu 

San Antonio B u l Estate 

3231 West Ave 

34S-SS31 
$ BED ROOM HOME 
Lectaed in N o rth e rn H ills. I liv areas. I dm areas, open balcony la fa m ily r n 
S p lit b d rm arrangem ent 
P rie d 
659,98* 
•24-6171 

REB CARPET 

R l A k l t t f l i ---------------- 
BE NIMBLE 
Sa* this open and d reem , I b ath en* liv in g a re a home with country kuchen in th# taw ef t la Oak F o re st B slates 
Belar* it goto away 
Co* ley ICI* Any rim e 
, 

I BASSE WEILBACHER 

; 
----------?y.S. ■ M k l g M ------------ 
BUS STOP 
E A S T 
T E R R E L L 
M ILLS 
LO C A T IO N 
Newly eam led ) bedroom . J beta beme Hardwood Hears new rota 
Q u a lifie d b u ye r m a y h e y* tm ; n>vdrule occupancy an airan tor ms ond graced I* sari et *14.5o6 A d newt 
349 4143 Of 34* 1*11 A nytim e 
Beanie Bwens Co ftfe A l T p d 5 E tern e g g QU 

*U Y H E R AN E A S T E R H O U S E 
Has 4 B e d ro o m , I b ath . I c a r oarage b a t tats at extra* ana a roo san gate p ric e it ii tost e tai tan**r ib e x un B a s te r B e n n e t imm ediate occupan c y ti* *1*5, B B A i TORS 

REB CARPET 
E I OW NS R r i ( i stV I n c h J I I an Oeaentrill # About I yr eta ta# 
So k l L a rg e tom riy roam w ith anno ling a tape te llin g In egret* i eaten! dramas tor Begnaw! cor g el ton sil et agr age. le v e re d pa ti* p r i v a c y t e n e t t q r g * v e l a ju id >g«rta**to o 4 Itta) 
I T 
O W N E R A w k M f 
A e d g ie r p ie d t I den, 1*5 le a k w eed i i * t g e t ( g a t r g l gar 
Ste H I M f- IM I 

C A M E L O T 
4 b edroom . J both b u ilt in kit chun. control gar 511.*8*. 414 3165 
Century 2T 
-■ P O y O L A S R E A L E S T A T E 
C A M E L O T It. 1 2 2. Conf h e a l o tr, fe n c e d c a r p e t e d , c o d e r co v e re d p a ll* , fin is h e d g a ra g e with w ork a rea 7N paym ent *216 
7« !i * t » y r y Fares! 4)6-3454 i C a m e lo t ll, 4 I-1, N E sch o o l* . 
• equity 
*14o6. am is 
8219m* 

 a tis .i _________________________ 
C A M E L O T NO DOW N 
Anyone Lib* new* 12 2 Carpel. a ir, a ll a p a r t , p r iv a c y fe n c e fo a m approx *295 W e n t test f r if f k js RHT 
454 o97) 
I C a m e lo t, l-f-1 , p r iv a c y fe n ca , la r g e tre e s , la w e q u ity a n d p a y m e n ts , B e lm o n d * R e e d y , 
12oo454 455o41 j, 4»» 7t«6 
C am « tg t, 1-2-2, g r iv a c y ta n ca, 
Igrg# t r ig s , lo w e q u ity en# p a y m e n t* lc t m v o d * R e a lty , 
U L 9 4 M H 1 6 4 K . (55 7144 

Guy Chipman Co 

C R E M A F ljF F N A C O F E R R IN 
F a n ta stic’ U t, high overlooking holds Hoot a ir fenced SSO* FH A . gavot *171 Ne down V A 
»»»♦*> 
* " r t t t - t ” ? 
C U ST O M B U IL T 4 2 ’ l l, I story, c a rp e t 4 tar ra ze , hobby shop 
*42,98o Sa* now. 
« £ .£ !» l i i . f g . 
D R E A M H O M B ! L ik e new I be d re e m , 2 b a th w ith g a ra g e oratosstnaH y co n verted ta bee*- fit g l d en 
F u lly c a r p e t e d , 
N C I S O Stag grtced 521,688. 
G A S S E A K E R R E A L T Y CO 
*9o89o6 Eva* *94-888*, 141 7711 
KEY GROUP 

E A ST y tO f LO C A T IO N 
Ne down o a y m o n l. co m p le te ly 
' re m o d e le d I b e d ro o m h o m e . 
Looks G rata 

— 
-- . 1 ^ 
o . 
- 
- 
Model ham*, l i t. tora* kitchen, in c lu d e s r e fr ig e r a t o r , t e r r a i* entry, w ater softener and m uch m er* Lon dscaped to po rte ct tan 
Don't m iss it 1 4*4 1714 

Can be m ad* teem th* back yard 
I et th is g e lt c o u rt* tat. B e tte r 
H e m e t a n d G a r d e n s w e a ld choate ta sheet this en* tar their 
M arch issue 1 1 1 with fireplace, m a tc h in g s p r e a d s ta a* w ith match ing drapes 
Gorgeous 
I 
6$6 3ooo Anytime 

Beanie Bwens Co 
R E A L T O R S P e rrin Porte! Ole 
H O N E Y M O O N E R S S P E C IA L 
Cute I bedroom hem e with don. lo c a te d tW n S ie r r a N o rth , eft 
Thousand O aks D r Law assum p­ tion or V A -F H A only 521,588 
V A L U E F L U S 
Older 3 bedroom home. with largo t. On 

TH V I aWdolEh 
Like new, 4 bedroom . J bath, can teal heal air, I car attached aor age, 521,o68 V A -F H A ar assum e 
7°. lean. 
RENFRO RE ALT Y 
422-3143 
422 1727 
-----------------LTK f ft W ----------------- 
Be a p ro u d h o m e o w n e r in tin t s p ic a n d sp a n N o rth e rn H ills , beouty 3-2-2 finished oarage, ex­ tra tora* fenced yard. M id 2o't. 
R E A L T O R 494 1951 
Century 2T 
C U D D Y G L A S C O C K 
L l K f f f f W in - C I M 
H I L L S i S p a cio u s J b e d ro o m , 2 b a th to w n h o u se 
S in g le Ily in a arad. aer m oi during, hroptac* and wet bar L a rg e kitchen, separate b re a k fa s t roam o v e rlo o k s aw n mg co v e re d p a ll* Lew a ssu m p ­ tion. taw m ain ten an ce tee. g reat buy! 824-8121 A N Y T IM E . 

I O S P $ KLINE 
R E A L T O R S 5o Ym irs of TR U ST i Liv e doh by owner. 4 7 1, m assive 
L re c k fire p la c e ta fa m ily ream . 
1 c ath e d ra l c e ilin g s in fa m ily and liv in g ream s, e x tra tora* liv in g 
1 ro o m , c a r p e t e d th ru p u t. N E 
I school dis! Assum e or refinance, m ust sell Ne agents please Cak artar le w ana w eekends 454 7121 
L iv e 6< Jl by owner] i l l, equity and assum e, 455 1633 liv in g room . lin in g ream . I br droom . bath, garage, 14X16 don. 
12X14 c a v t r t d p o lio , c e n t r a l heat air, stave, re frig e rato r, dish w ash er, d isp o sa l, w ith c a rp e ts, drape*, to rte fen ced y a rd w ith 
16X7 sto ra g e shed en co n cre te sla b 845*6 and a ssu m e 7*. VA toon, 8144 paym ent or refinance a l 824.588 W a lk in g d ista n c e Ie e le m e n ta ry sch ool. C o n v e n ie n t 
FL Som -R grteo.uti 451-1774 
F o v e l V 
4 bdrm , 2 bath ham* rn E ld orad o p rice d far quack sal* M a k e an arter new 824 o)71 

C H U R C H I L L R S T A T R I . C oign tai hem 1. J sta rle t mph. h a t Mfg sto ry livin g room 27xl4> P ecan paneled fa m ily roam w ith b rick I fireplace 4 bedroom s pius study, 
I 11 oaths W orkshop) 
*79,98* 
R E A L T O R S 
4*17141 

Guy Chipman Co 

Question? 

Problem? 

W r it e 

REO CARPET 

E L D O R AD O . Wont to buy lust a 
Itausa, see * regRgr. Want to buy a m c* hem *, buy a n n e t i l l, tora* kitch e n ca th e d ra l ce ilin g f a m ily ro a m w ith fir e g t a c e , fenced yard. frag* en cul de sac, taw m a n th ly p a y m e n ts tar a t sum ption 456-5811 

E n ch anted Fora**- Space to Snare 
Now to m arrier Md* ta lf et Hying area, lo v e ly 4 1 1 s p lit le v e l en 
Carnot 1*1 New cu ttom drapes, yard shaded hay oak trees W on’t tost tang 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 

M 
I H 
M 
« E A L 1 o R S t e l j i l l 
E V S E V T H IN G H IC E 
1 1 1. paneled den. bay w indow b re a k fa s t to lo v e ly y a rd . t r a il tee**, p riva cy tone* W orktop# 
M AC R E A L D T A T I 6281571 
E x ce p tiu n g ily Ciega, bv owner 
V alen cia. I l l Ce do sac. tally 
• arp* ted. custom drapes slated* 
4 2 } E x t r a liq * lo t s e x tra 's 

 m a n y g a ts itb llite * . targe lot ta b triers R d and b re a d way Veto* is ta land Zen od bu ttnass I high tra ffic flew O nly 
511.888 Cong. 
N IC E A N O E A S Y i t th# w a y t h is en* c a n be brought 1-2-2 w ith la rg e fa m ily ream. hreptoced. taw aasam ghen ar Canvanftonta only 819,8*o 
C L E A N A IR P R IV A C Y ri cag be years rn this tora* ) L mobur 
.1. <ii«d only n e a rly acre fenced, oaks. north eft San Pedro. 
Only 514,9*8 
Century 21 
W H IT R H R A D H O L ID A Y 

U M M M M U V m m 
* a Up ww a a MiqwRRMM 

WITH FIREPLACE 
Tins 11-2 has tats of ream . Larg e 
'f a m ily re a m w ith c a t h e d r a l 
< tilin g s, firegtocta. m ea rat* din tn t re a m , lo r g e c o r n e r le t, privacy tone*, p riced to soh ta 
541.96# 
LANDMARK REALTORS 
496-9142 

 n m 
? 

HW EQUITY w con d ition ed I 
F o u r new con d ition e d hem es in 
Break weed, next to W indcrest. I bed room , tile d e n try , fire p la c e and patch possession A geed buy etal 
124-2191 (A n ytim e) 

E A L T Q R S A u stin Hw y O ft 

LOW EQUITY 
SI44 F E R M O N T H 
Refrig erator, rang*, dishw asher d isp o se r, c a rp e te d laving ream one m astar bedroom . C o r p akan 
Home* 455-4848. >21 111* 

LOW. LOW EQUITY 
82,N * tar $ b edroom s. 2 both*, pi v a ry fenced N ew co n d itio n 
Mumm y paym ent 5271. Per m ere detent call 
124 2391 (A n ytim e) 

 a l l a l i r e fin e l e u es t o r h e l p ! 
««*$**•$h m m 

R e a d y o u r 

 a n s w e r 

 in t h e 

V * ff V in m u tt I 

 f ASCHIM INS 
T i watch RU* lU F S R B L t a g a f 
H O M E c t m la p a liv e ( g a g e r a en sir u« Hen) Yea pre invited ta 
• IEI C O U N T R Y S I D E 
O H N a c e g d a c b e t ta C o u n try 
E d d a 
I 4 or I b e d ro o m s 
4>» bates S ear ta m ack, m uck m er* ii/i eat 
D F E H I 5 D A IL Y 
A B IL L A l l f R M A H C LA S S IC ri yea ar* rn tog m arket I* Budd ate would be dokghtod to b is c u it this rate i m 

FRANKS L M V t H 
I t * l i f t 
A N r f I M 
I 
I i i t e s t 

 m g 

Ops* Monday thru friday t A.M. to S:3o P.M. 
DEADLINES: 

M o n d a y t h r u T h u r s d a y 

3 O O F M . to r F o llo w in g D a y 

F rid a y I 3 o For S a t u r d a y 

F rid a y S FM fo i S u n d a y 

F rid a y J 3 o F N F o r M o n d a y 

CLOSED SATURDAY AND SUNDAY 

C a r K R i l Q f i o n s a n d 
C o r r e c t i o n s c a n b d m o d # 

BILOW VA APPRAISAL 

 lu y this better than new 
3 

 bedroom, 2 bath home for less 

♦hon VA appraised value. 7 living 

 or ens plus breakfast area. lots af 

 carpet. Open terms. 

ASSUME OR REFINANCE 

Charming 3 bedroom, 2 both 

 home with family, kitchen and oh 

 appliances Open Terms 

SELLERS ANXIOUS 

Delightful 3 bedroom, 2V? bath 

 townhame friced to sell. 

S26.ooo. 

FOR DIT AHS AND VffW ING 

CAU 653*o57o ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE 
REALTY 

 rn 

3 b e d ro o m , 7 b a th , new c a rp e t, lo vely y a r d ,/p a y m e n ts st S3 m o. 
C all today! N iles 453 57o7 

WINDCREST 
Buy*!- Protection Pion 

$55,54o purchases a 7Vr-yeor old 

 home if you hurry IWO sp. ft. Mint 

 condition. Sprinkler system. Water 

 softener and 2 garage openers This 

 one should move hist! Chick Ashby 

ASS o7o7, ASS 8828 

$74,5oo. 
Designed for prestige 

 living! 4 very lorge bedrooms En­ 

 tertainment-sized living room with 

 fireplace, lots of easy-core Saltillo 

 tile 
Immaculate home in o well­ 

 established neighborhood. 
Tim 

Ashby 655-o7o7, 824-2128 

$81,9oo for o 4 bedroom, 3V» bath 

 brick home on cul-de-sac. Split* 

 bedroom arrangement with 
2 

 master suites. One lorge living area 

 and separate dining room 27oo sp. 

 ft with mony extras 
George 

 leGrond 655 o7o7. 653-o865 

LcAw M i 
I, 7 b ath. 
'd ./p a v m e i 
! Nites 453 
Century 21 
H A P R E S E R 653-o183 A n ytim e 
M A R C H W IN O S blow good to r- tune for the proud new ow ners of this w e ll-m a in ta in e d 4-3-3 in d e ­ s ira b le Thousand O aks. B uilt-ins and m any m ore extra s . 494-5331 
(A N Y T IM E ) 

BED CARPET 

MARYMONT 
P ic tu re yourself rn this beautiful custom hom e on larg e oak treed , p r o fe s s io n a lly la n d s c a p e d lo t. 
H eated pool w ith Saltillo tile. huge polio ideol tor e n tertaining. L a rg e room s. 4-3-3. 134-4571 

Hetero Coni. REALTORS 

MEADOW WOOD NORTH 
V ac a n t - 4 bedroom - I living a rea 
• fire p la c e - alm ost new - corner lot - fenced 
N O R T H E A S T SCHO O LS 
E asy assum ption low equity • 8° , loan 
49o-93oo 
343-43o4 
C L IN T W E IL B A C H E R 
MONTE VISTA 
Bv o w n e r: 3 b e d ro o m , 3 b a th , 
L a rg e Hying room , dining room , kitchen. B eautiful glass solarium . 
5oo,ooo, 3o4 E A g a r ita , by a p - pointm ent only, 735 5584__________ 

MONTE VISTA 
A unique c o n te m p o rary on a g o r­ geous lot. This hom e otters peak living in the h e art of San Antonio 
4 bedroom s. 3 baths, plus 3 room q u a r t e r s w ith b a th , p o o l a n d gazebo. A v aila b le im m ed ia te ly . 
834-o4o4 
R E A L T O R S 
834-91o9 
SUE W E E M S ft ASSOC 

CAMELOT ll 

JUST LISTED • HIKED RIGHT 
4 

 bedroom, 2 both on large comer 

 lot. 2 living areas, fireplace in 

 family room, built ins in kitchen. 

Only 541,ooo bites 655 2394. 

EASY LIVING 

In this 2 bedroom. 2 bath deluxe 

 condominium. AA custom drapes 

 and carpeting. Washer and dryer 

531,5oo Nites 656 758o 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY Of HOMES 

656-552o 691*1121 341*9191 

T O W N H O U S E -7o31 G len M is t. 3 
Bedroom , 2 baths, a p pliances in c lu d e d , w o s h e r - d r y e r connections, fe n c ed b a ck y a rd , c a r p o r t. L o w e q u ity $3ooo. A s ­ sum e povm ents of $185. mo. Coll 
5teve T u cker, 334-o747, 454-o574. 

N O N C O M M ER C IA L! 
CAN ttU A ftU 
WITHOUT 
RAT! CHA MOI 

H i 

WINDCREST 

S pacious a n d gracious, 
4 b ed ro o m , 2 b a th , all c a r­ p et. 
Fireplace a n d m any e xtra s . $ 7 1 ,o o o . 

Assum e 7 % % a t $ 2 7 1 per m onth. 
6 5 3 - 4 3 5 o 
DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 

REALTOR— MIS 
Wahoos Rd. Ofc. 

Thinking of Spring. s n I n r jmminp? Aik to eaiey the EASY UFI? . . tee Iwit rise* 

 f xteptseBcdfv tp p tie ltd petty. Setoff y o n far Hie lazy livieg awd a k ta d ik il ssofat pool for exercise awd ta * 
* ort eta n u af 
$65,ooo. 
EASY 
ASSUMPTION! 
828-6343, eves 
655-264o 

 r n 

CORNELIUS 

A A S S O C IA T F SI 
ES52SSE. r » r r 
S an P e d ro H ills , o w n e r, separate fa m ily room , 243o sq. ft. living a re a , N E schools 494-1433 
San p c d ro H ills , b e a u tifu l, a ll rock and c e d a r hom e w ith fir e ­ p la c e 
M a n y 
E x t r a s 
54,ooo-equity. 494 3o4o 

GLAMOUR IN THE GLEN 

Unusual, 
MINT condition, 
3 

 bedrooms, 2 baths home with 

 bright, cheerful kitchen, large 

 dining area, and paneled living 

 room 
Offered FHA, VA or low 

 assumption. 
519,1oo 
Nites coll 

Arnold at 342 8948. 
NAYLOR REALTY 
GALLERY Of HOMES 

691-1121 656-552o 341-9191 

SELLERS: 
C a ll ab o u t o u r G u a r a n te e S a le 
P lan, w here if we don't sell your hom e, we buy it. 

See a ll o u r o th e r ads on good hom e buys ond rentals in all areas. 

Call IN T E R S T A T E 828-o755 
Open 7 D ays T il 8 P M , 

U N IV E R S A L 
C I T Y - 
3 la r g e homes a r * soon to be constructed in the Red H orse M a n o r subdivi­ s io n . F o r m o r e d e t a ils , c a ll 
Chuck. E venings 453-5451 
Century 21 
D E H A N E Y R E A L T Y 453-o55o 
V A L L E Y FO RG E 
3-2-2, fo rm a l liv in g , d in in g and fa m ily rm , c o v e r e d p a tio . Im ­ m a c u la te h o m e p r ic e d a t o n ly 
537,5oo. 824-o171. 
RED CARPET 
__________R E A L T O R S ___________ 

V A N IS H IN G B R E E D 
W e ll-c o n s tru c te d b r ic k 2 -s to ry convenient to dow ntown. This ex­ ecu tiv e hom e o tte rs a sunroom with Spomsh tile, over 34oo sa ft., greenhouse and m ore. E venings call V irg in ia , 455-3475 
Century 21 
D E L A N E Y R E A L T Y 453-o55o 

W A LK TO F T SAM from this im m ac u late 3 bedroom with stove, re frig e ra to r, larg e oak trees and low a ric e tao. Call Jim 
Nites 337-4823 
CLO SE TO R A N D O L P H 
4 bedroom , 2 bath, c e n tra l heat- oir. covered patio, fresh ly pain ted inside, m etal storage shed. Open term s. Call now. 
I A C R E LO T 
Plus m a s o n ry 4-2-2 w ith fo rm a l liv in g a n d la r g e fa m ily ro o m , | fir e p la c e c e n tr a l h e a t -a ir a n d built-in kitchen. Open term s. 
N E A R W IN D S O R P A R K 
75% brick 3 bedroom , 2 both w ith c o v e re d p a tio , b u ilt-in k itc h e n , loads of cabinets, m e ta l storage shed and p a rq u et floors. No down 
VA, trade. Call today 
494-5571 
N iles 349-8337 
Century 21 

W A K E F IE L D R E A L T O R S 
W A N T E D fr o m o w n e r W in d c r e s t, 4 be- droom , larg e fa m ily dreg 333-9)o4 

SPECIAL REDUCED 
PRICE $44,2oo 

VS A C R E S 

EXTRA LARGE WOODED LOT 

3 bedroom , 2 ba th h om e 

 in p re s tig io u s O a k C reek. 

Featuring w o o d b u rn in g 

 fire p la c e , oil electric k it­ 

 chen, w a ll-to -w a ll c 

 p e tin g , electric g a ra g e 

 door o pener ond all brick 

 construction. 
ONLY $ 4 8 ,5 o o 
C o ff m w to d a y 
Jitn Passel! 
6 8 4 -3 1 1 2 

3 3 5 - 1 6 6 6 
QUICK RESULTS! ^ 

W 9 - & L 
_ 

P a g e f l 
F 

ROLLING RIDGE 
RRST O ffW lNG 
Preferred school + community pool + Medkol (enter wen * a cinch to please for this 3 bedroom home in the upper 3o's. 

Kingsize • Peer price 
Must see 
1982 sq ft to appreciate ap praiscl in Glen Ooks of 539,ooo. 
699-1ooo 
DEAM! 
OWERS CO. 
REALTORS— IMS 
Turtle Cleek Ofc. 

T HARMONY HILLS 

No down to Vets for this 3 

 bedroom, 2 bath Home; dou­ 

 ble tar garage, fenced and 

 carpeted, for only $4o,85o. 

SOB MCGINNIS; 
REALTORS 
349-6211 

LOVELY CORNER 
L o v ely low p ric e of $24,5oo 
3-2, fa m ily kitchen, p e rfe ct hom e tor firs t or last. No city taxes. W on't lost. Ask tor G ita Lucas 
3 4 1 -9 1 6 6 A N Y T I M E 
Century 21 
H O W A R D T A T E R E A L T O R S 

. M A S S IV E F ld t P L A C E rn a 2o X 
1 25' fa m ily ro o m 
B R IC K 3 b e ­ d ro o m , 2 b a th d o u b le g a r a g e hom e n e a r M e d ic a l C e n te r. A s­ sum e low in te res t V A , only $287 m onth. 481-o46o. 

RED CARPET 

HOME + INCOME 
2 story duplex appr oximately 14oo sq. ft., I bedroom, I bath in each; popular area. No down to 
Vets. SI 7,ooo. Coll TODAY to see! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
^ 349-6211 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday Morch I 2 1977 

Tl\l HOMeS rotTHMST 
217 HOMES NORiatEST 

M IS S O N TR A C IE! Inspect today this execu hve-style gard en hom e located in a p a rk -lik e setting of beautiful oaks w ith an outstanding v ie w ! T re m en d o u s or e n te rta in ­ ing w ith its e x c e lle n t flo o r p lan and tra ffic How. L a rg e enclosed p a tio a r e a w ith c o m p le te y a rd a re a lan a s ca p e d by Los P atio s . 
W a lk to pool a n d te n n is co u rts . 
E xc e lle n t s ec u rity , v e ry p riv a te , v ery b eautiful! 
5o4.75o 
342-3211 
A N Y T IM E . 

OFF WEST AVE 
1976 
W 
R id g e w o o d . 
H o m e re d ec o rated inside and o u t+ g a r ­ age opt 
Assume V A loan. D avid 
POZZI, R E A L T O R 349-4195, E ves 
344-5o62____________________________ 
O lm o s D r ] im m a c u la t e J b e - droom s, paneled den. fo rm a l d in­ ing. lovely kitchen, g o -a g e , w o rk ­ shop. fenced y a rd , tre es g a lo re . 
V A -F H A . Call Ann 

 f 
SPECIAL 
' 
REDUCED PRICE 
*44,2oo 

Must see this beautiful landscaped, 
I living area. 4 bedrooms, 2 hath home to believe 
Located in prestigious OAK CREEK on extra large wooded lot. 
This borne features wall to wall carpeting, 
Magic Chef oil electric kitchen, energy saving package, electric garage door, handcrafted wood burning fireplace plus many other extras 
1615 c o m in o RD. 
ONLY $48,5oo 

C a ff m e to d a y 
Jim Passel! 
6 8 4 -3 1 1 2 

T 
7 u 

V p * 

ERA 
5 3 2 -3 1 o 7 
JACK MITCHELL 
R e a l t o r 
6 4 8 -3 3 o 7 

ON A CUL DE SAC in beautiful E nchanted Forest. A d re a m of o fa m ily hom e in Hie ever popular C hurchill A re a. G et a fantastic buy 

O pen H ouse, 6 l4 W e iz m a n n f 6 
Sat M a r 12 3-2. Lee dis! 528,5oo 

S H A D Y O A K S 
A pprox 
2 acre s, 
4-3. huge den. fir e p la c e , la rg e p a tio c o m p le te ly r e m o d e le d . 
12x16 s to r a g e s h e d , a r e a fo r horses. M id $8o's. BY O W N E R . 
494-4758 

KEY GROUP 

 iT S f e E T O A P P R E C 
M U T T this beautiful arr? bedroom , 2 bath d o u b le g a r a g e 
S p a n is h s ty le . 
O ver 7oo sq lf of lu xu ry plus lots and lots ot extra s . 454-65S5. 

OUTSTANDING IST. 
On Wood Hollow in B ristol Place 
3 - t ’ i - t b r ic k a n d a s b e s to s . 
M o n th ly p a y m e n t of $16$ a f 7% interest, c en tral heat and a ir on cul-de-sac. 

Van Buroo & Assoc 
684-7171 
654-44o8 
496 5894 

O V E R l l A C R E S , n e ar R andolph j A F B ! P r a c tic a lly new c o u n try 
I h o m e , h a s 
4 b e d r o o m s . 
2 j baths, p an eled livin g a re a 24x18 
1 w ith a fire p la c e ! P atio kitch e n ! 4 
! stalls and c o rra l...w ire fe n c irq ' 
572,5oo. 
R E A L T O R S 
656-7oo7 

SOMETHING DIFFERENT w ith a restful floor alan. P riv a c y tor en tertain in g can be enjoyed in this 4 b e d ro o m , 2'» b a th ho m e w ith a triu m , fa n ta s tic c ab in e ts , wet bor, fire p la c e In den, (S e p a r­ ate from rest of house! and all the good things plus I'? a c re s ra n d you can h a v e h o rs e s ). W a lk to shopping centers. 
Call 349-1436 A nytim e 

W HAT A D IV E 
You can la k e into this b e a u tifu l refreshing gaol. Landscaping you w ill be p ro u d of. 4 b e d ro o m s 
V a u lte d c a llin g in llv ., din. an d den. P a tio k itc h e n o v e rlo o k in g pool. P riced at 555,9oo. 874-o171 
RED CARPET 
__________R E A L T O R S ___________ 
W IL S H IR E T E R R A C E 
3 b e ­ droom plus den and fa m ily room , single g a rag e w ith re a r alley en­ tra n c e 
O pen te rm s ot $24,7oo. 
R E A L T O R S . 341 4464. 
RED CARPET 

W IN D C R E S T B E A U T Y - C o rn e r lot, h e a te d p ool, fa n ta s tic s u n ­ room $76,SOO. N ites 653-4349 

• N«w Brid! 
• a g * 
• B r * a « h t a k in a V ie w s 
• W o o d e d S ite s f o r e e lV A e r 
• 4 C h o ic e N o r t h C o m m u n it ie s 
(In c lu d in g N e w B r a u n fe ls ) 
• Lew T a l e s M a k e e a s y Pur­ chase T e rm s 

• 1 7 o o Sa . ft. L iv in g • I C u r 
G a r a g e $ 3 7 .S O O 
• 2 4 8 o Sa . ft. L iv in g . I C a r 
Garage $ 4 9 ,7 5 o . 
S e a r c h The H e m e M a r k e t O v e r 
T H fN C aM U S I e—. 
Swmney Co. 

/ l l l In s i 
4 9 1 - 1 6 7 3 
( U l m 
6 5 8 - o 3 9 o 

X 
Z y 
6 7 3 - 1 4 o 1 

“ S M W H Century JI 

SPACE and CHARM 
P rac tic ally new custom hom e has | c h a rm th ru o u t, m ony a p p e a lin g features 
L a ra e room s in clu d in g s e p a ra te d in in g , liv in g , s u n n y k itc h e n — b re a k fa s t a re a , A la m o 
Hats. Schools. 824-4571 

T R IC O , R ealto rs 349 649’ 
W IN D S O R P A R K A R E A - 3-2-7. 
54oo down. $31o m o 
J ft J R E A L T Y 474 8o63 A n ytim e 

WINDSOR SQUARE fly 3-7 h o m e 
H u g e Ii 

A HONEY FOR THE 
MONEY 
Wnuld you believe that you con own o 2 story 3 boxroom, ?'/? bath home with oM appliances, rorpetinn, bakony and covered patio for only 
5239 month and equity of only 

G len Oaks P a rk , spacious 4-2-2 all b ric k hom e, b u ilt-in bookcases, nice c arp e t thruou t. c o vered p a ­ tio, vacan t Open term s 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A O -M O tL ID A Y 
481-o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

MOW NO MO! 
All m aintained garden hom e w ith pool and cab a n a 
F ire p la c e that w ill w a rm your h e a rt B rig h t k it­ c h en 
D o u b le e le c tr ic g a r a g e . 
Low 4o'$. 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
499-4’ Qi 

N e a r M ed ical C enter, spacious 3 

5475o’ Call to s t* 

B O B M C G I N N IS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 
V s 

 c e n t u r y ^ 
G uy S h ip m a n Co 
Kelson Ccrv. REALTORS 

 mustselT 

L o v e ly a r e a , r a n g e , a ir , fenced 
527.ooo refinance 

 v in o c a r p e t, a n d assum e or 

4 
B E D R O O M S 
IN 
O A K S . 2 d e s ig n e r b a th s , o v e r ­ sized double g a ra g e , k in g sized fu rn itu re O k, only $34,ooo or a s ­ sum e $723 m onth 681-o4*o 

 b e d ro o m h o m e w ith fir e p la c e , central h e at-a lr and m any e xtra s 
O v e r 7ooo sa ft a n d m id 4o'S 
69o-922o, nites 494-5387 

B ltL Y J L L L O W L 
N E A R M E D IC A L C E N T E R 
C hoose fro m 3-2-2. L o w $ 3 o ’ s 
N o th in g d ow n o n d lo w e r th a n a v e ra g e dosing costs to everyone. 
349 1479 
H ector J. H erb eck Inc., R ealtors 
S L -! N E A R U TS A A N D H O S P ltA L S 
F O R E S T 
3-2-2. c arp els, a ir $275 dawn. 
696-742oSLA TER R E A LTY 344-o93 

B y o w n e r, la r g e 3-2-2, ’ r B r lc k , near Ft. Som , R andolph, W indsor 
Pk M a k e an O ffe r! 661-7oo9 
N E A R f^T S a m R A N D O L P H 
B v o w n e r, 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , corpetina, w ater softener, garden s tyled c o v e re d p atio w ith p la n t shelves, built in seeding, plus a 6 
X 4' playhouse for children 
4846 
Castle A rm s. 653 2147 or 828-323o 
By app t only 

NEAR JEFF 
C olonial b rick 1-2 plus den. P e r ­ fect fa m ily homo 
CAROLYN GRAHAM 
R E A L T O R 
o26-8473 A n ytim e 
N e a r N o rm -to r~ M n t! ~8 y ow ner] 
3-2-1, stove, dish w asher 341 5o83 

NEAR NORTH STAR 
D e n w ith f ir e p la c e a n d b o o k ­ shelves. 3 bedroom s, 2 bath hom e w ith la ra e y a rd and trees. C e n tra l heat Lea d istrict. 828-5471. 
S t r a u d e r N e ls o n R e a lt y 
WEw Li'vPNtfs----------- 
3-2-1, r a n g e , v e n t o hood, d is h ­ w a s h e r 
C a r p e te d liv in g a r e a , c e n tra l a ir- heat. Cow ered patio. 
N ic e hom e O pen T e rm s . E v e n ­ ings 457-1475. 

3-1 on la ra e co rn er lot fire p la c e in living room , 25x15 covered patio 
P riv a c y fanced 
Law equity and take up paym ents. 

OWNER ANXIOUS 
M a c A r th u r a r e a , 3-1 p lu s d en , large yard, c en tral heat and a ir, assum e 
$154.5o per m o. 
7 'i% interest 

Van Buren I Assoc 
6o4 7171 
344 1o89 
699 oo46 

O w ner Live O ak, 3-2-2, larg e lot, plus 2o' basem en t. O uiet St., As­ sum e. 5 )9 4. a m is , or re fin a n c e 
$28,5oo 
O w n e r w ill a s s is t w ith refinancing. 654-4273. 

O W N E R T R A N S F E R R E D 
Less than 2 y ea r old hom e. Less than 
S6.ooo ta a s s u m e . 3 B e d ro o m s , form al dining, single living a re a . 
In V a lle y F o r g e 
E s ta b lis h e d yard 
O nly 
54o,9oo. 
494-7451 
I A N Y T IM E 

K O W I K U M 
R E A L T O R S -5 o Y ea rs of T R U S T 
P O O L 1 3 2 2 With corpet JBruopl, 
I arty. fence-potio c o ver. 14 ti pool. 
$212 at 7% V A^484-o215___________ 
1 P O P U L A R B E C A U S E it s good' 
I O pen p lan ho m e h a s ro c k f i r e ­ place, b re a k fa s t b a r, b u ilt-in kit- 
! chan, 4 bedroom s, 2 baths... patio! 
$41,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 7771 

STONE, BRICK, GLASS 
S u p e r c e n t e m p o r a r y c u s to m hom e, has it oil! 4 bedroom s. ?' j b a th s , la r g e c u s to m k it c h e n , looded w ith e verything, rock tire place qoes to the sky. 2488 sq.ft. of luxu ry. Thousand Oaks a rea . 

BUDDY UECKER 
BED CARPET 

824 7361 
824-3893 

LANDMARK. REALTORS 
69o^5o2 

SUPER NEAT 
3 bedroom . iv * bath hom e in w ell m a in ta in e d n e ig h b o rh o o d , c o n ­ v en ie n t to schools ond shopoin- q U s e y o u r 
V a 
L u c ille 
B lerschw ole 344 2341, 344-5549 
BOB JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 

453 Century 21 
STSI Bill P a rk in s R tty 655 

NEW LISTING 
B efore you buy, see ail the extras iii this b e a u tifu l 3-2-2 hom e th a t I has an e x tra larg e covered patio J plus a p riva c y fence Assum e or refinance. 141,4oo N iles. *55-195o 
654 3441 
D O N J O H N S O N . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

NEW LISTING 
IN REGENCY AREA 
L o v e ly h o m e a n d la n d s c a p e d word w ith a ll the am enities. F ire ­ p lac e in den. fo rm a l liv in g ond dining plus a cozy b re a k fa s t room g re a t assum ption 
144-8348 
Grace Arnold 
R E A L T O R S M LS 
N 6 b f t t f f T t o A N Y O N E 
3 4 d re a m s , a ir , a p p lia n c e s 
F ir s t 
P uym ent M a y 
211-9414TER R A R E A L T Y 2 4 HRS n 6 D o W Tr r y x r r r o K r 
T T T la r g e d in in g a r e o . h u g e b r ic k 
BBO, p riv a c y fenced 4246 mo 
R OSSI R E A L T Y 
494 7781 

"NORTHEAST” 
C h a rm in g hom e, 1-2, w ith la rg e fa m ily and living com bo V au lted ceilings, only 3 years ald P riced 
M a c A rth u r Schools in 1o'$. C all us tor details 

'MACARTHUR SCHOOLS” 
Y ou w ill be d e lig h t* a w ith this h o m e in 
W in d s o r 
S q u a r e . 
Consisting et 3 bedroom s, lovely 
T e m z z e e n try , g n c e is rig h t CaM 
872 31o1 
HARTMAN REALTORS 
— 
N M T U c a s I rzsv------- 
P leasant 3 bedroom 2 b ath, hom e en corner let. c arpet, fence, m any e xtra s 
Bv o w n e r, 
824-4941 or 

NORTHERN HILLS 
T H IS IS IT ! N ew on (fie m a rk e t 
B eau tiful I bedroom s, 2 baths. 2 c a r a a r a a e 
L o v ely la n d s c a p e d y ard P riv a c y Minced See it, y o u ! writ buy it! *39,5oo Mites, *54-8178 
6$6 344* 
OOM J O H N S O N , K f A L T O * * 
KEY GROUP 

 u F T - n T T M 
M m r w m r d room s, g a rag e $2oo down 
S L A T E R 

PROMISES. PROMISES 
Ail fu lfille d in Ib is e x tra nice 4 1 bedroom , 2 bath hom e w ith living I 
R tty 655-5224 I a nd d in in g ro o m . fa m ily ro o m , c arp e tin g , double g a ra g e , g re a t j condition good location 
$39,9oo 
Mites 45$ 7492 

C e n t u r y 2 1 

M O N E VSA V E RS R E A L T Y 
456 242o A N Y T IM E 

RATED CP tor G O R G E O U S P A D F e atu res 4 bedroom s. 2 baths, fo rm a l room s, plus fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e , built in m icro w ave, carp e tin g and drapes, covered patio, ond priced at onlv $49,9oo Mites 655 7492 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
M O N E Y S A V E R S R E A L T Y 
656 242o A N Y T IM E ________ 
Red Horse M a n o r. U n iv ers al C.ty 
$47,5oo 3 2 2, larg e lot w*th m ans tre es , im m a c u la te 
O pen house 
Sat and Sun 12 5pm M a r 12 and 
13; 19 and 2o 658-4933 
Red Hor se M a n o r U n r.e r sol Citv 
$47,5oo T2 I, large lot w ith m any tree%. im m a c u la te 
O pen house i 
Sot ond Sun 12 Sam M a r 12 ond 
13 
19 ond 2o 658 4933 
4 
R E D U C E D ' L a rg e lovely fa m ily home with m ony luxu ry features i 
4 Bedr oo im , 2' i baths, plus study a n d 
2* re c ro o m 
B u ilt in s th ro u g h o u t 
F ir e p la c e 
S p rm k 
Ie red grounds. N E Schools 
IOO » 
Brick 
In 
W indcrest 
342 3 2 ll 
A N Y T IM E 

S U P E R N IC E fb e d ro o m I ’ .ira th w ith nice fa m ily room 
C ov e re d patio and garden a rea . M ust see 
494-5221 (A N Y T IM E ) 

RED CARPET 
T A K E y 6 U R P IC K IN V A L L E Y 
F O R G E . I b e d ro o m or 4. B oth w ith 2 baths, doube g a ra q e . fire ­ place and assum e VA loan 
C all ; 
878-8195 

BED CARPET 
T e r r e l l h i l l s a h Schools 
On a beautiful, s p rin k lere d corner lot w ith c ir c u la r d riv e . A rizo n a le d g e s to n e . I s to ry w ith th ic k shake root. 4 or 5 bedroom s plus quarters. This is w hat everybo dy wants 
Ploase call us for details. 
■ 824 3213. 
822 5971, 
823-91o1. j 824-oo49 

M agi San Hill. Realtors 

TERREII HILLS 
:k hom e in choice k 

W O O D L A K E . J-2-2, on c u ld e s a c , lorge fam ily oreo, covered patio. appliances ond drones a v a ila b le , low equity and assum e S I**1 mo paym ents, 66I-7456 o tter 4 P M . 

Wonting Man s Special 
4 bedroom s, 2 baths, c en tral heat ane a ir. P ric e d at 524,ooo. Good lo ca tio n • w ill sell q u ic k ly . F o r m ore in form at.on coil 
824-2391 (A n y tim e ) 
Dearie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S -A u stin Hwy Ole 

WOULD YOD BELIEVE 
A p p ro x im a te ly 12 o c re s S o u th ­ east 16o4 w ith 1o55 tt. fro n ta g e 
O w ner financed 
344-4268 
341-6544 
484-5748 

All brick h a m * in choice location 
I bedroom s, 2 baths, fo rm a l and inform al dining areas, larg o den a n d 28' c o v e re d p a tio , c o n tr o l heat and a ir M id 5o's. 
826-o4o4 
R E A L T O R S 
822-9127 
SUE W E E M S ft ASSOC. 

S S W ! 

CONNALLY 

R E A L E S T A T E IN C . 
212 HOMFS MORTHWLST 

IV, ACRE HURC OAKS 
15oo sq.H. rock hom e, oil e le c tric fireplace, dog run, 7-car nice 
714 1746 
o28-o445 
734-4117 
WA I ‘.O N ft SON R E A L T O R S 

RLL RRICX 3 2 2 
N e ar M ed ical C om plex 
W o n d er­ land. H igh en a h ill, a ll e le c tric kitchen, paneled den. 7 tile baths, c a rp e te d , d ra p e d , fe n c e d y a r d and meg oaks, under $4o,ooo 
737 7 9o7S TE V E M A R T IN 731-oo25 

AIL CASH YOU NEED $25o 
V alley Hi, I bedroom s, 2 b a th s .. 
No qualifying. M ove in today! 
6/4 222oo B 
G O N Z A L E S o2o 5oo4 
A LM O S T 2ooo SO F T and priced at only $1o,75o! B ric k 4 bedroom . 
3 bath in Uke now condition M in 
Ute* fro m 41o and M e d ica l Conter. 
Assume $313 m onth 4o1-o44o. 
RED CARPET 

54-3 BEDRCOMS! 

3-4 BATHS! 
$79,EGB TO $115,ooo! 

B H H INTEREST AVAIL! 
OAK VALLEY OAKCRtEK NWI 
9 m odels open d a ily , s p ac io u s, gracious livin g , o ra im a i designs, will trade. O ut V an ce Jackson, I m ite from 41o 
MIKE KINOER BLDR 

696-833o 

B E H IN D N O R T H S IO E 
F E D 
M A R T . 3 b e d ro o m s , 2 '» b a m s , 
Iro e h o u s e . a ir . c a rp e ts . $28,1oo 
B arg ain Term s. 
694-742oSLA TER R E A L T Y J49-427 

; B E S T IN B E A C O N H IL L , I blk from Im IO and I blk. from bus. 3 bedroom , den, dining room , wood fire p la c e ^ liv in g ro o m 
C a rp ? ! thruou t, re ce n tly pointed, roo* 2 yrs old, double g arage, conc-e ta d riv e .w a y and g a m in g in back, covered patio. Open 131,5oo A L L 
I C IT Y R E A L T Y 734-1o5'. 
A fte r hours 524 372)_____________________ 
B est L o c a tio n on NS- C o lo n ia l 
H ills, convenient fre ew a ys 4-J-2, 
HOO sa it ISO s O w ner 349 222o 

B IG 'N 'B E A U T IF U L 
4 -1 'j-I. Big country kttchen-den, 
P L U S 2nd fa m ily ro o m 
17x1o m aster bd rm , B IG dress, w olk-tn 
M A C R E A L E S T A T E o2o 2521 
B R A U N S T A T IO N 
L a rg e oaks m odes the b a c k y a rd 
I of this cute 1 2 -2 
L iv in g -d in in g c o m b o p lu s fa m ily ro o m p lu s 

NEAR UTSA 
Lovely 1-2-2. No equity. M o v e in for 5325 bob Thom pson. 341-7691. 
82o-o755 IN T E R S T A T E n e is d TL6"+'4' 'd>c 
--------- 
H o w a b o u t B IG 5 2-2, n e x t to p o p u la r G le n O ak s S chool a n d 
M e d ic a l C o m p le x 
I f s lu x u r y I through out, fire p la c e in big den 
A m ust see at below $4o,ooo 
IN S P IR A T IO N H IL L S 
P ric e d tor quick sell, lu x u ry w ith view . 4-2-2, fire p la c e in w a rm den, living ond dining, over 22oo sa tt tor onlv S49.9Co 
C H A R T E R O AKS 
O v e r 22o9 sq ft of c h a r m a n d 1 b e a u ty in th is e le g a n t 4 -2 -2 , 1 c o rn e r 
T o w n h o m e 
L o v e ly cus­ to m d ra p e s th ro u g h o u t 
L a r g e fa m ily room w ith fire p la c e , fo r m n! liv in g ond dining rgom and m uch m a re $54,8oo 
Century 21 

W hiteheod-H oiidav 
684-J711 
R E A L T O R S 

NEW HOMES ON 
Vk TO 5 ACRE TRACTS 
S itu a te d on c h o ic e tr a c ts w ith m a g n ific e n t v ie w s . I a n d 4 b e ­ d ro o m s . u p p e r le v e l d e c k s . fireplace, m odern kitchens. 2 sys­ tem a ir heat P lenty ot room for a g a r d e n o r h o r s e 
L o c a t e d in 
'F A I R O A K S 
D r i v e o u t IH -1 o 
N o rth w e s t to Loon S prin gs exit, 
I p ro re ed on access road to C am p 
{ S ta n le y sign, tu rn rig h t, go J 1, m iles to F A IR O A K S office 

DON SMITH CO 
698-244o 
B R O K E R 
698 2812 
-------------N fe w 'fS ' M j R K E f ------------- 
F o re s t O ak s a r e a . 1-2-1, la r g e fa m ily a re a , a ll lu x u ry e x tra s . pius low interest ngte Call soon. 
514.5oo 
F O R E S T O AKS 

B Y o w n e r , b e a u tifu l 3-2-2. a l' b rick adobe hom e in U n iv e rs ity 
O aks. F o rm a l L iv in g Room ond to rq e den w ith stone fir e p la c e . 
Fenced y ard w ith trees W alk to e lem en trv school. M ust see to ap u n c ra te . 342,ooo 691-1375.________ 
BY O W N E R . 3 bedroom , 2 bath, d o u b le g a r a g e , B ro u n S ta tio n 
W e s t, lo w e a u it y . 
684-31 OS-w eekends or att 4. 
B v O w n e r , 
E x e c u t iv e b e in g t r a n s f e r r e d , w ill s e ll 3 s to r y home, lived in less than 3 m o 27oo 
S a .F t 
1-2, g a m e ro o m , fa m ily ro o m , fo r m a l liv in g - d in in g , b re a k fa s t room , 16x34 c o v e re d p a tio w ith s k y lig h ts , p r iv a c y fence 
P ork F o rre st 
$1o,ooo and 
! assum e 5431 per mo. V A . 492-99o4 
No ag en ts_________________________ 

By ow ner-FoathiH s, 1-2-4 co n teu r p c ra ry hom e. Convenient to M od. o re a-U T S A -U S A A 
539 5oo. 
344-8869 
BY O W N E R . Forest d ie m . 3-2-2. 
17 o o S a .F t ., ’ « b r ic k , fe n c e d , s creen ed p atio , fu ll c a rp e tin g , 3 yrs. old, 
$228mo 
Low equity 
484-4473. 
By o w n e r, i l l, ta lly c a rp e te d , cent a ir-h ea t, e x tra nice, ideal for y o u n g c o u p le o r s m a ll fa m ily I 
N e ar L a ck lan d , K elly St M a ry 's | 
U niversity $18,ooo 434-6974 

 by O w ner 4 2-1, in T h u n d e rb ird 
Hills, assum e equity or purchase 
52* OOO 
Atter 5 COH. 484-518o or w eeken ds________________________ 

Bv O w ner. 4 mo. 2 story, Soc* sa ft., 82 a cre 3 blks U TS A cam pus, is la n d k itc h e n , w e t b a r , 3 or 4 j bedroom s, has sunken dining ond e n tra n c e U p s ta irs p a r tia lly fin ­ ished w ith e x tra bath, fire p la c e 
E n erg y saving hom e 695-8979 
B V O W N E R . n ic e r e t ir e m e n t 
! h o m e , 1ooft. lo t, fe n c e d , la r g e 
! trees double g a rag e , 
$32,5oo. i 434-7627. 
By ow ner, (tolling Ridge. Assum e 
7% Loan All brick 1-2-2, covered patio, larg e fom ily room , C u lO e - 
Soc, a pp l only 684-4476. 
B Y O W N E R 
3 2 7 s to v e d u ll w as h e r, g a rb a g e disposal, patio c o v e r, c a rp e t. $75oo e q u ity a s ­ sum e $242mu 337 6513 
B Y O W N E R , S unset H ills i i c o n v e rte d g a r a g e to d e n , w e ll kept $27.OOO 434 4454. art 4pm t 6 w n v i e w e s 

JEFF A R E A 

3 large bedrooms, I bath, 

 separate living and dining 

 room, very low exterior 

 maintenance. 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

COM E M E E T 
THE OW N ER I 

8 E F o S K YOU B U Y . . l i a r SMWomm 
_ xiii shim their homes to)M. ..ptrsaully! (■ 

T H O U S A N D O A K S Bul It for tho taste af tomorrow.’.. contoinpuMB y 
I fiv e bedroom , tw o story tim ber and masonry trib u te to custom a l i ­ ter; i lire. Insurance e xe cu tive being transferred. C ountry c lu b iffljl, 

P O X R U N N a tiv e stone theme in 3 bedroom, 2 bath design. I r ^ e the them e continues w ith stone fire p la c e in fa m ily room . E n jo y © # frees, greenhouse 12x24 covered p atio ond a host o f other e x t r a * 

W H IS P E R IN G O A K S Contem porary elegtm ce in 2 ,6 o o aq ft 2 awry*! o professionolly landscaped sotting. Country C lub m em b enhijft^ d j a re la x ed natural environm ent. Four bedrooms bic$ fire p la c e iiTOer J 

TH U N D E R B IR D ESTATES From terrazo entry to panel 4 beom *qj|jff j fa m ily room h ighlighted w ith a w hite b rick fire p la c e ... on o utstand- I 
3 bedroom fhot isFHAnssum oble. W ater softener is In clu d ed . « • 

V IL L A G E N O R T H From Earth-h>ned shag to o rnim ental gdrdeW fo study in n atural tra n q u ility. 12x23 liv in g room plus flre p lo -n d B t, j 
Privacy fenced ond a ttra c tiv e ly p rice d . See how neat a home cEM be- 

LARKSPUR Woodburning fireplaces In both liv in g o rea and m o§||r bedroom set o rom antic mood. B u ilt-in a ll e le c tric k itc h e n . T l© e bedroom vtwo b o th . Early oval la b ility possible, (by appoint. ogj|r) 
I 

FOREST O A K S A tre e shaded com er, a b rick accen ted 3 bedroll**, j 
2 bath w ith co the derat d e n . Q u ie tly convenien t to M e d ic a l Cehter.j 
A ttra c tiv e ly p riced for e arly move in on low cash to q u a lifie d bOyer.I 

T W IN CREEK 16x2o master plus 3 more bedrooms, custom desjgn- j ed fire p la c e fond Iv room , 14x24 covered patio for more outdoor e n ­ joym ent. F ull u tility room, two car garage ond just one year o I4U 
| 

THE S U M M IT A four bedroom home w ith over 2 ,o o o sq ft o f bu ffe- in custom touches. Brick accented fom ily room w ith flreploc% 94«h wood accents at every turn. E xcellent schools for growing film ily . 

N O R T H W O O D From custom fa m ily rocxn to 1 8 x 2 o relaxed livin g p a tio ... a fin e three bedroom , two both home in the N orth Easr~n5- de pendent School DI st. Unusual fom ily room. A ttrac tiv e down j^ pt. 

[T W IN CREEK In v itin g ly landscaped, striking three bedtocwn haih* ow ned by on interio r decorotor. A study in co tor, texture and lots o f pushbutton conveniences. S eetheden, enjo y the covered patio. 
FOR EXACT LOCATIONS, more homes ta find out why money-wise folks pi efer our method... Call 
Sp 

DIFFERENT! 

STRAIGHT 
R O M 
HOUSE 
BEAUTIFUL ' This 3 bedroom, 2 bath home has been redone with emphasis en its best features 
Gloss welled living oreo overlooks terraced ond flog-stoned backyard. 
1 Many custom extras S39,9oo 

R E A L T O R S 6 9 1 - 1 3 o o 

ELAINE LUDWIG ft ASSOT 

1 see, or 

★ FOR YOUR MOVE ★ 
JZ 
OPEN SAT.-SUN. 2 -6 

TH UNO S H M O ESTATES - 6oo6 WHITE (1o1)o New furnished model by HP Orts Construction Co Showing excellent vohie ot modefWe price 134,3oo functional Roar pion for maximum fomily interest, I OOH VA or FHA financing Superb sub division rn Bandera and Ingram 

 y useage 8 4 located rn *d# 
Loop 41o off (attaghan Id between Bandera ond Ingram Rood M I 
6o4 1386 for further dotods 
<«m 

E. TTRKU R U S HG TS - New townhouse 6 54 2 Fairdale. Beret on exciting Inrmg concept 3-2W -2 with family room Postage stomp size yard rn the easy lira On bus line NO (ONDO FEE! S3S.17S 1oo%, 
VA or FHA Take Rrttimon Rd inside loop 41o, First street to the right. 
128 6343 for petxutan or contact your REALTOR. 

LARKSPUR - Several new ond preowned homes being shown this weekend Excellent sob dtvmon featuring dub facilities, choree NE 
Schools, and superb location near IH 3S end Loop 4)o Pnto rang* from low 4os to mid SOs Excellent financing available SI move in 
VA! 2 good assumptions oka will be shown Come to LARKSPUR AREA 
SALES OFFICE on o Conner Road 128 6343 foe additional pomeutors or 

IRISH OR NOT 

YOUR pot of gold is bore! list your home with us, the 
OUT 
FRONT 
COMPANY 
Out Front with Service. Out 
Front with 
Performance. 
Soon will put o 
"SOLD 
SIGN' out front! directions; 

IBOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
349-1121 

I ■ us ta rn b o i d , c u s to m drapes, one big livin g a re a , 9 m o 
Old 544,9oo 484-67o9.____________ 

D E U V IE W j F O R E 5 I O A K 5 
S o o n ish 1-7 7. 
B rick veneer c arn e t im m a c u la te ; c o u r ty a r d 
H u g e fa m ily r o o m ,, condition, l l plus den, w a lk in g c a th e d ra l c ed in g , b i p l a c e , cor- distance to W o n d erla n d , fe n c ed , * aet N o qgents. $43,56o. 4*4-14o3 w asher and d ry e r connections. I F O R E S T O A K S , Bv o w n e r, a ll 
526.5oo 

CORNELIUS 

& ASSOCIATES 

E v e s 6 5 3 - 9 5 9 6 o r 6 5 6 - o o o / 

 h e a t - a ir , 
VA 
Loan 
Van Buren 6 Assoc 
484-7171 
6V6-5394 
699 oo66 

 oGaaT Rest Buy a ls o 
Lovely hom e.1-1, den, close to oil i schools ond shopping centers, 
$18,956 
N O R T H S IO E R E A L T Y 
732 6941 
734-6772 
7 

B Y O W N E R 
T A T E S , 3-2 -2, C e n t tense, 
Assum e 
7% 
484 1997 
_________ 
BV O W N E R 
Tw in C reek s’ ODC e a u ity , a ss u m e $114 M a n y te a lures No agents piease. 484-7o91 
B Y d W N E R 
U n iv e r s ity O o ks 
3-2' »-2 all b rick , 7 story, w alk lo e le m e n ta r y s ch o o l 
L o w 4o s. 
69o 93o9 W eekends or otter 3:3o 
, 

C A S T L E H IL L S 
T R A D IT IO N A L 
2 y ea r old lu xu ry 4 bedroom s. 7’ 1 j baths, fle xib le livin g a re a la rg e * b re a k fa s t room . Custom d ra p es 
_ 
. . . ______ 
... 
. . . plus b e a u tifu l pool, im m a c u la te p o r* has I bedroom s, 2 baths and condition, p a rk lik e y ard a 2 c a r g a r a g e , s u n ke n fa m ily 
M a riie H orton 344-2341. 4S3-S943 ’] ro o m w ith fir e p 'a c o , B e d ro o m sunken e ve n fu r th e r . M a n y e x ­ tras. Call tor details Now under 
$5o,ooo 
•28-8195. R E A L T O R S 

 j b r ic k . 4 -2 -2 , on l a r a e lo t w ith m a tu re trees O en w ith fire p la c e , I pius fo r m a l a r e a , $14,ooo 
7o43 
F o re st M ont 4o4-1797 l - FO'R fe fT O A K S 
B V 6 W N * R - 
Im m a c u la te 4 2-3, a ll b ric k , liv - | m q d in in g , den, fire p la c e , m any 
1 e x tra s $43,5oo. *o1-o616. 
For Safe fly o w n e r, 3-2-2, close to 

BELLVIEW BEAUTY 

3 la rg e bedroom s, 2 brothy, 

 lo ve ly fom ily taunt? new 

 ro o f, in excellent cgndjtion 

A ssum e note or eefinronce 

V A or FHA 

La ck ian d -M e d - 
714-2542. 
C tr 
Low E q u ity . 

 b b N T - R E N f 
B U Y 
T h Ts 
L O V E L Y 2 1*2 on b u s lin e o ft 
Blanco $12oo to m ove in $14o mo 
J ft J R E A L T Y 674-oo83 A nytim e p rtA S T r m r v r e P u r r f c unique Spanish hom e rn O ak Glen 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
I 349-1121 

BOB JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROPP 
CASTLE H U L S 
L o c atio n , plus tre e s , plus ta rg e y ard . plus covered oatie, Plus F P plus the p rice $6$.OOO m a ke this one of our best listings 824-o171 

RED CARPET 

F o r S ale By O w n e r 
E x e c u tiv e . . %Bropgwg|w«n*»w«ewiMpprow»>' ty p e , cu sto m -b u ilt borne. U n lv e r I 

 w ooded lot. c irc u la r d riv e , *ceur* 
HOLLYWOOD PARK ty a rd e n try , 3 b e d ro o m , 2 b a th , 
Lots of room in this J b e d ro o m b u ilt-in double o v rn ra n g e , dish h o m e . 2 liv in g a r e a s , c e n t r a l w a s h e r, d is p o s a l, c e n tr a l h e a t beat air. 2 bonus room s, larg e lot, a nd a ir, la r g e u tility ro o m w ith super buy. below $5o,ooo w o s h e r-d ry e r hook-ups. sunken ; 
C O M PASS R E A L T Y liv in g ro o m a n d fa m ily ro o m . 
494 1*o1 4*4-3o12 c a th e d r a l c e ilin g s , m a g n ific e n t H O L L Y W O O D F A R K 
A m p le 

 rock * woad 'porralt n a * te r'ro 'ie a n d itMCt *or ,omM» ‘,v ,n * •" *hw rock, woad p aneling te rra z o ana 
_ 
^ 
. 
F p tn room, 
„ 
-- 
. 
-____________ 1 " a t t n b ra w n c a rp e tin g th r u o u t.! % eparof# mo%t, r b e d ro o m w ith 
E L E G A N T F T T liv in g ro o m , w ro u g h tI ir a n c h a n d e lie r * and d r * s ijn g ro o m 
M a n y e x tr o s 
I custom d re id e l re m o fo 
2 patios : 4^4.S221 (A N Y T IM E * 
* 
RED CARPET 

REAL TO PS 

C A N TLE hT l I T 

 p ric e of $17,9oo 
N e ig h b o rh o o d s w im m ing and tennis a v a ila b le 
Century 21 
W H IT E H E A D H O L L ID A Y 
*o1-o3oo 
R E A L T O R S 

' I R U E L L H IL L S , By ow ner, l l, living roam w ith fire p la c e, din in i ro o m , la r g e fa m ily ro o m w ith 
D 'H a n i* tile floor. Cent, heat and window units, larg e lot w ith m any trees $19,56o 824 *197 No A gent* 
P le a ** 

"TERRELL HILLS” 
P ric e reduced on this lorge 4 be droom . 2 both home, new ly p a in t­ ed in sid e a n d out. U p d a te d k it­ chen quick possession. C all tor details 822-13o1 

KARTMAN REALTORS 

THE CRITICS 

U f A r t O R S Se Y ears of T R U ! w t ft T H f T T T t to # NTT aB ST* 4 b e d r o o m . 
3 b a th h o m e h a s b e a u tifu l, b ig b a c k y a r d ! F ir e - , placed fa m ily roam , fo rm a l ttvm g roam T R E E * ! 
$49,o6o, 
R E A L T O R * 
*$1>934I 
Guy Civilian Co 

ROYAL RIDGE 
N E W H O M E S 
*o21 R oyal P l 1-2-2 $4*. JOO 
*o 2* R oyal P l 4-2-2 $44,o7$ 
*o31 R oyal P l * 2' > 3 $5o,o75 
2 *T O R V RO CK 
O IH R oyal P l $-2' i - l 553.4oo 
3 S TO R Y I M * . STU C C O 
2x* e xterio r w alls. *' insulation in walls, IO rn ceiling double pane w indow s; steel d e ars w ith m o i ne tic w eather s trip ; tu rb in e root vents. These fe a tu re s save SSS • opprox 
36-46% e a g e r* bill 
Cam - i i‘ut* kitchens, fully carpeted, intercom 

* 9 * 742o51 
R E A L T Y )* * 927 
Off PERRIN BEITEL 
I» M sq ti of lovely Irvine 
3-1-1, i fa m ily roam nos beam ed ceilings and firep lace, wan ! last, sa call i today! 
6 5 6 -3 o o o A n y t im e 

Dearie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R S P e rrin B edel Ole 

CALLAGHAN 
INC 
*$5 « •* • 

U f WTT i T f 

HOMES 

123-131* 
T I 
B v o w n e r re d u c e b p r ic e , th o u s a n d s lass than now cast, sapor 3 yr 
3-3-1 
HOO sa 
N 
SI SOO eauity. F irm 
6 5 6 -M M 
! 
SAN PED R O HILLS 
IT S W H A T’S IN SID E 
THAT COUNTS- b e sid e s h a v in g a b e a u tifu l a ll- I re e k e x te r io r , th is b e tto r th a n ; new * b drm hom e adds u t Ie the u ltim a te in fa m ily liv in g 
T e e m any e xtras Ie Nst. L e t us shew you o24 o171 

RED CARPET 
R E A L T O R S 

SAN P E D R O M IL L b 
(O A K 
H O L L O W 
E S T A T E S ) 
H a n a some 3-3-2, whMe b rick with d r a m a t ic 
H v in y r o a m w ith fir e p la c o a n d 1 

R E A L T O R S o f f R A N F T fife ft 
A11" IV I ill 
I 1 den w ith a ti re p la c e CaM Any lim e C H A R L E S W A T T * R E A L 
E S T A T E 731 191o. 732-5155 oft mr n'sift-------- 
4 bedroom . I bath dan, fire p la c e. plush c a rp e t, c a th e d ra l c e ilin g m ic r o w a v e o v e n . e le c tr ic k i t ­ chen, bm lot 3o9-4561, 61**o9o1- 

AJ'ontha IR m ile u R i i R a i r j ^ m 
T rE riTr^ 
- 
1-1-1, and 3-1-1, d » • H O k H K O t •. 
Carnot o71-1o61. 3o1 74IS, *71 I I M I 
B W 
P O U *T R K « * A L E S T A T E c o tn o d r g l c e ilin g 
M a i t g r be 
( 
I 
" 
" 
< I * M < d rg ***a g roam P l« » l 

 b u t * and sluei « 3 3 1 , O N E L IV 
IN G AR E ft, B uilt rn kitch en w ith b i H o k ie s t r o a m o u ts ta n d in g 
H IL L t o p V IE W i Only $ 1 I,6 M 
« » o *M 3 

GREAT AMERICA 

 e e A 
C 
T o e t _________ 

IM I N u M b U IO I A U i i i n * 
| « N ( U A M * * * * * 

WOULD LOVE IT 
A n d y o u 'll be p ro u d lo c a ll it hom e Super 4 bedroom , 3' > bath and den w ith w e t b a r. fu ll w all firep lace, c o rn er lot in San P ed ro 
HHK And a ve r 1156 sq. It. p rice d ta sell to d a y ' 
Colt 3*9 1414 A n ytim e 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
IN C . R E A L T O R S 
T H f e E A V T f h B'U N w r m b V A u w ill lave this I bedroom , J both. single g a ra g e hom e 
D ra s tic a lly reduced tor Quick sale, sa quick like a bunny, call 836-61*5 

BED CARPET 
T H E C L E ft 
$556 is all lh# cask n e ed e d 
I la r a e b e d ro o m s , P i j b a th s , d o u b le a e r a t e , r a n e e , d is h w a s h e r, r e f r ig e r a t o r , e a r b a g * d is p o s a l 
$175 m o 
T o ta l e ric a $ 3 6 ,IM C H A R L E S W A T T * I 
R E A L E S T A T E 731 3916, 731 5355 I 

THEY DON! BUILD 

LIKE THIS ANYMORE! 
T h # d a y is lo n g w h e n you s e * houses w ith this solid construction and m u ltip le fe a tu re s v alu e 
All b r ic k , c e d a r s h a k e r e e f, a n d p r e tty y a r d 
C o n v e n ie n t to schools, c h u rc h # * and shopam e 

344-63o7, 484-433o Anytime 

Dearie Owens Co 
R E A L T O R * N West OK 

• THIS IS SELECT • w ith h e a te d p e e l in p r iv a c y a ro u n d * 
L a r p * b ric k r a m b le r , guehtv boid 3 bedroom s, I baths plus q u a rte r $. bath F a m ily roam 
(P P . B arrera fle ere d I and pardon 
L iv in a and d in in g room s 

AREAL DOG 
Can be kepi in fenced y a rd w ith a 
3 bedroom hom e tor your fa m ily 
New c arpet, law 2o'$ 
SA N D IS O N R E A L T Y 
*99 92o1 

A T T R A C T IV E «-2’ i-2, 2 s 'o ry in 
W h is p e rs # O aks. U nique custom features. $46,566 Call 
IN T E R S T A T E 826-6755 til I pm 

AUSTIN STONE” 
L a ra e 1-2-2 hom e, 27oo sa ft an 3 acres, S H A V A N O P A R K . 
494 5281 494-2o43 
H IL L C O U N T R Y R E A L T O R S 
BABCO CK N O R T H NO O O W N 
A nyone 
B e a u tifu l 3-2-2. L iv in g . dining, fa m ily , d in e tte , a ir , c a r pet. appliances P in t SHS. 
828-4545 
Priofco$ R lty 
454-o975 
• B A B CO CK N O R T H * 
O n * of th e b e a t, p r ic e lu s t reduced, I bedroom . 2 bath, fa m i­ ly ro o m w ith la r g e fir e p la c e , m o n y e x t r a s . N o w s e llin g a t 
$16,56o 
Can assum e w ith $45M . 
734-1*18 

 b re ak fa st a reg 
S torage b uilding N e ar pool and tennis, lovely 1-7 2 j and brick bbq included in this law w ith p re tty y a rd . a ll lu x u ry ex- 
.................................tra s, $39,966 A lto 3-2-2 w ith hr# - i glace in huge living a rea , $44,5oo and it's y ard is full of oaks, also ; larg e 4-2-2 a t $41,5oo Coll today on ; these or several others 
OAK H IL L S T E R R A C E 
B ig c o r n e r b e a u ty w ith 14x25 { fa m ily roam , fire p la c e, a ll e xtra s I 
I This tuition property only 543,9oo 
Century 21 
W hitehead -H oliday 
464 3711 
R E A L T O R S 

 n o f t iT v t A 
« t i i n n to v .. carpels, $27$ dow n 
496-742oSLA TER R E A LTY 349-927 
H O R T H SAN A N T O N IO H IL L S 
S p a c io u s S p a n is h R a c k , b e a u - i titu lly d e c o ra te d w ro u g h t iro n . 
: ro c k ond w ro u g h t iro n fe n c e . 
' fr o n t w ith c ir c u la r d r iv e w a y 
: O v e r I a c r e w ith h u n d re d s of oaks You m ust see to a p p rec iate 
I 34* 147* 
H ector J H e rb ec k Inc , R e a lto rs 

3 7 2, M oy I p a y m e n ts 
475 -1 4*I 
423-572o 474 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E j o * 7 c S v l R f b M i t l f d P hom e 
I has fo rm o l hyin g, dining room s 
; F a m ily ro o m w iln c o r n e r tir e - 
! g la c e ! 4 b e d r o o m s . 2 b a th s 
G A M E R O O M loo' 
$48,9oo 
R E A L T O R S 
494 4811 

L o rg e 4 b e droom *- 7' jB a th s . plus s e p a r a te g a m e ro o m in q tr s . 
H e ated th e rm a l pool a nd m a n y e xtra s . $ 7 *.SOC 
By a opt. Jo Ann 
Spears. B ro k er O w ner 142-o225 

C A S TLE m a * i i U T E s V T u i i u ry 4 bedroom . I ' > b ath, fo rm a l dining, paneled fom ily room with fir e p la c e p lu s b a r 
A ll e le c tr ic d re a m k itc h e n , 46’ X 2o sw im m in g p o o l— c o v e r e d p a tio . 
Q u arters . 142-3211 A N Y T IM E . 

H IH REALTY 

B U R G L A R P R O O F b u t. you ll w ant to steal it! Alm ost new hom e in Oak M eadow s is oil b rick w ith o balcony ovorlo km a the fire p la c e in the large, open liv in g a re a , 4 bedroom s. 2 't baths ond a long, pretty patio 
$72,5oo 
R E A L T O R S 
4*4-7771 
Guy Chipan Co 

By O w n e r. B e a u tifu l h o m e on c o rn # ' lot 3-2-2, fire p la c e , e x c e l­ le n t lo c a tio n . 
M a n y e x t r a s 
S43.oM OO) oS84.________________ _ 

KIRBY AREA 
I I M sa It, 2 story, 3 bedroom s, 2’ > bath beauty, lovely c arp e tin g and drapes 
M U S T 
S E E 
TO 
A P P R E C IA T E 
M o rn # H orton 344-234), 453-5914 
BOB JO N E S . R E A L T O R S 
KEY GROUP 

 l a B r r r ! /: r a n c e " — 
T m b e d ro o m 
2 b a th hom e has ash 
6 aneled fa m ily room itv m g -d m ig room 21x12 
B uilt in A vocado kitchen Custom polio c o v e r1 
$41,SM 
R E A L T O R S 
*94-4611 

CASTLE HILLS im m a c u la te 3 b ed ro o m , 3 b a th , fire p la c e in fa m ily roo rn, la rg e dining and liv in g , c o v e re d patio w ith s e rv ic e b a r, s p rin k le r sys tem . n e ar e le m e n ta ry school 
C A L L 494-S 227 
A rm s tro n g Co 
R E A L T O R S 
M LS 
C h a rm in g N o rth s ld e H o m e 
Av o w n e r. 3-1, S a ltillo tile e n tr y , d e c o r a to r in t e r io r , S un d e c k . 
$22,5oo 43o2 N eer, 344 3 342 

’ CHARTER OAKS 
G o rg e o u s 3 b e d r o o m , 'u s u r y hom e, w ith a hobby room o r a t­ tice, O P E N L IV IN G A R E A , fir e ­ place. delightful kitchen w ith dou bl# oven. custom drupes, A L L IN 
L IK E N E W C O N D IT IO N 34 1 72o1 
O L IV E B IZ Z E L L E 

 fire p la c e d den, c a rp e l, b u ilt-in s 
$38,65o C on today 
I N T E R S T A T E 626-6755 h i 8 pm 

ENCHANTED FOREST 
B e a u tifu l 4 b e d ro o m h om e w ith c irc u la r tf a ir c a te S e p a ra te din m a, 9 b a th * and a pow der room 
L a r g e d e n , m a n y o a k tr e e s 
341 71o1. nites 342-o879 
Ask for 
V IR G IN IA N IE N O O R E F 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

 e n j 6 Y c o J B n " f l M A W ? ! on 6.76 wooded a cre s w ithin m in utes of M e d ica l C enter B e au tifu l­ ly m aintained a ll rock hom e built to last to ro v e r! F o rm a l livin g and dining, study, sunny b u ilt-in k it­ c h en a n d d e lig h tfu l b r e a k fa s t a re a AH heated and cooled Rock fir e p la c e s in liv in g ro o m a n d m a s te r b e d r o o m 
H u g e g lo s s solarium 
E x tra features include s p rin k le r# # la w n lite -u m e tile roef. larg e Saltillo hie polio, b urg ta r a la r m s y s te m . 3 b e d ro o m g u e s t ho m e w ith liv in g d in in g areo. bath and b re a k fa s t b a r CaM 
T o d a y to r n u m e r o u s d e ta ils 
$136,666 124-6111 A N Y T IM E 

 an d a sundeck id e a l to r g re e n hou$e Low $5o'*. Shown by appt only 495-93o4 

S32.5oo 
Fo r this a ll brick 1-2-7 C arpeted liv in g and b e d ro o m *, cozy den, low equity, m inutes from M edical 
Center 
341-6166 A N Y T IM E 

RED C A R P tr 

HOLLYWOOD PARK 
N E W L IS T IN G e le g a n t J s to ry rock c o n te m p o ra ry on ►* tr e e d a c r e s 
4 s p a c io u s b e d r o o m s , g o m e r o o m . liv in g a n f t e lt n ia a room s w ith fantastic view s, g o u r­ m et kitchen w ith je n n A lfa te n te r a is le w o o d d e c k o v e r f o o k in a 
M A G N IF IC E N T PO O L 
_________ 
^ ^ ■ C A L L 464 5222 
A rm s tro n g Co 
HOWARD TATE REALTO RS 
R EALTORS___________ 
■ MLS 

3 FULL BATHS 
B e a u tifu l c o n te m p o r a r y con d o m in iu m iii e xce lle n t lo ca tio n 
1-1-2, with priva te aaho and sm all ya rd C athedral ceilings in living and dining area No m aintenance fees Has tw o car attach ed gar age $37,7oo 494 2141 
4*4/711 
DON JOHNSON. RE ALTO R S 

 s u e UMI ez# e m a n t r im * . 
N C V o o ( 1 ) 1 o 
ROSOW A KLINE 
REALTORS 56 Veers of TRUST 
J !! 
1 5 ? 5 1 ','I 

HOME ON J ACUR 
P e rfe c t fo r e n te r ta in in g n e a r 
M edical Center, guesthouse, pool, stables to r horses, 7 a d d itio n a l acre s a v a ila b le M a u rin * A le x ­ ander 341-6)91, nites 834-757o 

Naylor Realty Inc 

ROMES - S2oo DOWN! 
M CVEY R E A L ES TA TE - 687 17o6 

 tuy diurnal Cl W 
M 
S 

BACK YA RD LO VERS 
Voe ant. ready to move into broom s, J b a th s. R a re st Oak 
BONUS! O rpdnic plant ped ready tor your garden. *39,96 assum e or refinance 
£ Guy Chipman Co 
Clk* 
; 
■ .................J L ii i 
—mug....... ....imi.roi 

FORTUNA ASSOCIATES 

Not th 
Many b u ilt in s $16*,6M woad Estates 834-2347 

I Henna B Preissmaii 

•8EACoN HULS* 
Lovely older J story 
I-1-1, 
Churches, schools, bus. etc 
Nancy M ille s Realty 
733 8/74 
B E A U T IF U L COLONIES NORTH 
* bedrooms. J I bath L a rd # do*, j 
M ust see I* appreciate. 464-7465 or 664-7)41 

BEAOTIHIL LOCATM 
Level* 4 bedroom colonial siluat ed en a large earner lot in pres h p * location This hem * has tar m al Hying and dmtna reams, plus fa m ily room w ith fire p la ce L ot* et e x c e lle n t fe a u tu re s $76,944 
Niles, 45$-7111 
4*4-7711 
DON JOHNSON. R E A LT O R * 
JEY GROUP 
B E A U T IF U L 1 1 1? n t p r M od 
Cntr. UTSA. USAA L a rp * sinai* tiv ia g a re a w ith m a ts iv * f ir e ­ place A il lh * extras thai a hem * should have. G u n k o ccu p a n cy 
Unbar $37 OM VA *16 11)4 
RED CARPET 

B E A U T IF U L .’ 

LAUREL KILLS 
The p e rfe c t hom e for e n te rta in ­ in g 
4 la rg e b e d ro o m s . 36x1$ 
'am ity room, alm ost IS M sq It et pure lu x u ry . You m ust se* it to behove it P riced in 76 $ 
349-3*3$ or 34* SI l l . an v lim e 

'“ ’ i Beanie Owens Co 

 i i m a rd i* rem a n tub 

 dream wtth dresstag i c a rp e t* pad d i a p e rie s gourm et kitchen 
FIE S T O F F E R IN G 
THOUSAND OAKS 
Spacious I sto ry b ric k de sig n *# tai le n in , ii <me end en le i l em m a 
4 bedrooms t m study or ttb be broom 
E nntv lh * war n im el the w eed b u r d in g fire p la c e in th * 
16*11 >aw««ly • evil! E le c t'd k it chon w it* non age IM , l l * M I* 
R d AL IT RS 

THIS LO V E LY new listing has se much m ere than meets Ms* eye 4 bedr earns I baths fo rm a l dining 
Study b d * b u ilt la d a *k , t a r t # mom. po i ode bos etoctric 
Over 1416 4a ll t$6. SM 
RED CARPET iii JU1 
- MUX1 
T H E O OF P A T IN O RENT t flu s c a n ) bedroom odors atonic el shad* trees pwwfted den and open tar tm 
(venusas can C urt 
>31 u n 

 m g d in in g ra b id . fa m ily rt 

 w ith sunke n sepa rate try h u g e g la s s enclosed, fa m ily room w ith wet 

» » >- i i M i i m i 
. 
4 BEDROOMS 
I baroi, centi e l arr Convenient ta 
MedutM Center S3*. SM 
J E F P fR E O N am brick 3 boar gem. la rge ii vine ream. m e t corner tai $36,666 
E O N US H M M end I bedroom *. I oath w ith cere fra t arr, near sr h e e l, and sn*#. rnm g t i l SM 
H O M * and E U S IN h S I 
M u te e id e r h e m *, e a rn e r le t r«»*d O utm ost 146,6M 434 318$ 

REALTOR S Lackhrtl Selma O K 
L i r n v m /A iT z ---------------- 
C harm ing hi location 3-2. sapor a l* liv in g -d in in g ro o m . c e n tra l heot-air P rice d low 36 s fo r quick sa l* 824 I I J I , 824 6o4V 822 5971, 
827-9163, 82* 7114. 
Marx Sate H i. R iaBops 
•* LEOfc V A L L fcY •« 
C le a n 1 7 7 la rg e m a s te r b e ­ droom , c e n tra l a ir heal, nothing down Ie anyone! $15,975 
*11)964 
A R C IN IE G A R E A LT Y 

LEON VALLEY 
S E N IC A ESTATES 
Roomy 236o sa It M exican brick ra m b le r 
I B e d ro o m s. 2 beths, fire p la c e , c o rn e r le i M id S i s 
464 1735 far app l. 

LIFE LIBERTY PROPERTY l f * th * most A m e rica n dream yea can have a great lit* liv in g rn this fabulous J IM sp tt one story, i b e d ro o m . 4' * b a th h e m e en I acres in C h u rc h ill D is tric t Call tor derail-. 
Cad M f le i* A n ytim e 

BASSE WEILBACHER 
INC, EE A l TOES uvruw TVBF1UIIV e ie e s in"i bed room . I bath ham * w ith n m b la te ly b o u t rn k itc h e n 
W ood 
(Overed patio 33 long w ith M E D ! 
$44 966 
R E ALTO R S 
4*4-7771 

OAK HILLS TERRACE t i l BIG LE IS U R E ROOM 
N EAR M E D IC A L CEN TE R 
$435 C h a rlie C han 
D e lig h tfu l. spacious. Spanish C ontem porary 
Reduced to $42,SM H u r r y " ! 
714 M IS, 694 o417 *99 OOI! 
B E U LA H M AE K E L L E R 
R ealtor 

OAK HILLS TERRACE im m a cu la te 3-3-1 w ith e xtra tea lu res L ivin g dining com bination 
P aneled den 
F in ish e d gara g e 
F e n c e d . 
N o w , 
$19,956 
A nn 
: C a rtw rig h t 4*4 SIM. 342-1776 

PROFESSIONAL REALTY 

•B A K HILLS • __ _ 
Unique, tri-lo v o l. 4 bedroom I 11 bath, ca rp e te d , rats of stora ge, lorge lot. northside schools, in the 
4o$ 
C H A M B E R LA IN P R O P E R TIE S 
734 $144, Nile, Wkend 344 661o 
— v 1 
■" 1 — — 
1 
OAK TK E E S! 
C o u rty a rd e n try to this 3-3-2 in 
OAK H IL L S T E R R A C E 
L iv in g d ra m *, huge fa m ily ro o m , tire ptoce, kitchen w ith p a rty bar 
444, *M 
496 9662 

GREAT AMERICA 
REALTORS 

 o f a I 'Ai r e f w m r n 
* piece $77$ down 
49* 7426SLATER R E A L T V 464 41* 
^ n o w 
/ f t - ™ 
' 
' I b la c k * to b u t. 2 -l-t, c a rp e t, 
C krngr lot N o th in * dow n Ie on yon* 4/S 1*61, 142 7435,6/4 1777 
P O IN T E R R E A L E S T A T E vee* WWW Blanco on B u lg e - cornel 
2 oedroom , separate din mg, ne dawn. $14.SM H g bte m et 

*23-1964 
A R C IN IE G A R E A LT Y o / r i t T T C E T 
TT - T o TT 'e ii, fu rn is h e d h e m * . L a w v a u lty , rn o n * h I y 
$116 l l , 
$ 11, 7 $8 
C H A R L E S W A IT S R E A L ES 
T A I ft 731 1916 783 USS, 136 * M I 
111 7164 

C L O S ! YO USYa . and hospitals 
3-7 2. notnihd down. S3S6 closing 
*74 4124 
RAE Real Estate 

C M. FURA CO. 
S p -'tio lu tn g N orthside 733-7141 

CCiONIAl OAKS 
C h a rm e ri 1-7-2 en gar g ro u t let in quiet area M any custom extras 
B u ilt-in k itc h e n , '.o ve re d patio , redecorated in and out $53,oo6 
Niles 497-2545 
344-3o78 
DON JOHNSON. REALTO R S iE Y J llL 
COLONIES NORTH 
C o rnu le!*!, redecorated in cluding a ll new c a rp e t 
I b e d ro o m s , I both*, bid covered patio and on o v e rs iz e d u t ilit y re a m 
V e ry c o n v e n ie n t lo c a tio n ! $4o,ooo 
661 3222, nile*, 694-6616 
B IL L SOUTHERN RE ALTO R r STT v T TriT fr T T --------------- 
Near E v e ry th in g ! 3-2-2 w ith cen tra l heat a ir, Eiec garage door openers 
W alk to B lent school 
NE schools $32,SM 
RE ALTO R 
691 I3M 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
E L A IN E LUOW IO ft ASSOC 
Convenient and spot iou*"^(te a re r 
H ilts 
I s le ry . 34$; sa it 
) be broom s I 1 > baths, plus a 26x3$ u p s ta irs d o rm 
F o rm a l d in in g foam . e n tra n ce h a ll 
15x19 den e ve r 1» acre. tre e hued rat As sum# $311 per me dr refinance 
W ill lr a a* en sm atlei heme 
BOE OePAOLO 
344 )691 
R E ALTO R 

U I AL to n s SO Ya ors of TRUST 
$1666 E O J I+ V end J io u Jon ! have cash the equity can be paid uut m onthly Spacious 3 bedroom , 
2 both home near shopping and northsido schools 461-o446 

REO CARPET__ 
Equity $27?i, take over paym ents, 
$37$ 
L o ve ly 3-2-1, w ith fo rm a l d in in g and Hying, den w ith fir e ­ p la ce . d ra p e s , w a te r s o fte n e r, p riva cy fence, m ust sr IM 464-5*67, 
464 6791 
F T r e r L T f f m m 
. H a v e - * nom e* on som e s tre e t 
J 1 -l's 
C arpeted, b u ilt ms. and lanced 
Good location toss ti an 136.OM 
GASE B A K E R R E A LT Y CO 
496 6996 Eves 494 IMS. 341 7711 

 ciV iN G aR u f a m i ly a*eat b, n r,«m I bath home w ith 
• la te ly b u ilt in k itc h e n W eed 
(overed patio )) tone w ith t» n o ­ tre 96o 
RE ALTO R S 
464 Plat 

o ? ¥ W gT a m U T T i i i .rath down SJM ratal m ove rn A n y 
A nyon* 

REE Real 4 slate 

COHN FRY SUNSHINE tor your fam ily ll f . * M pels you i a e r* w ith la r til* p o i don ana oak tro ts ptus a etc* I heTOraom , I hath and denjhomc Area pool and t auris, pius C h u rl h ill D is tric t a Real 
C trl 149 143* A nytim e 

; B C -! if'lf PACHER n* 
IFC. i f Al t ORS 

F A IT H ! IN B E O R G A ' T h * is not preen but your frie n d s w ill be when they v is it you in this I b e d ro o m , I b a th hom e 
L a rg e s in g le fir e p la c e d liv in g a re a , mony exlros.ow ner ane iou* 4*4 $67 

FEEDING A LANDI ORD7 
D on I le i him eat up yo u r p a y ­ check Own your own home, Jet ferson a re a O nly $24, $o6 I be brooms. 2 baths, single ga ra g * 
B e ryl W e tland 344-2341, 342 4454 
BOB JONES, REALTO R S 
KEY GROUP 

FIRfPLACE 
Large tin g le liv in g area, form at dining u n * la rg e m a tte r bedroom im m edia te o ccup ancy and only 
$3666 e q u ity o n d p ric e u n d e r sen ooo eke 7266 
CENTU RE l l Schneider R eally 
F it t e r T I W 
6TT T h I H ah iT T T 
J bedroom . I beth, liv in g room fam ily ream area with cathearal ceiling, double begrace specious 
P e rfe c t c o n d itio n 
C h a rm in g 
Mony extras 114 111) 63* 7114 

Ma rn Safe HHL Realtors 
7'i’ATYTTMi'f'grf AUAiTe t 

• SPRING SALE • 
Neoi M edical Com pte* ana dire ct to Kelts ana La ckla n d Cute tout 
4-11. den (F P vaulte d ceding; 
M a tte r b t P ro e m in s e a t ' o f* wing E lectric th ru e u f Large tat on cai tee tee tee m 13*1)47 

I Tt e ln a B P rris s m a n 

I peOreom I b a in la rg e H ying dm m g roam wrth fire p la ce , else i leon I beat earn ape* In te n t a l la th e d lo g a ra g e p iu s p re e n house Ora* t i t sod 7 ti I t l l 

A ll b rick J bedroom 7 both. 2 car t o ra g e . c a rp e te d th ro u a h o u t. central a ir. no down ie anyone 
B R IG H A M R E A LT Y *7) IQ I 

GREENBRIAR SPECIAL 
3-1-1 on q u ie t fre e -lin e d stre e t 
Fenced curd Woik ta NC schools 
Just $71,$66 E rie Nagel *96-533o, 
*96-2712 

PRDEESSIONAL REALTY 

•2 4 7 HARWOOD® 
I bedroom obis don, Off West Ay# near Basse Rd $17,SM 364-3471. nites 
341 7*97 
BR E N N E R 
CO 
' »K ’ « 

HERE S YOUR CHANCE! im m a c u la te I bed roo m I bath 
C onvenient to schools and shop um p F orm al Hemp, fam ily room. 
' central heal and air double gar age Ooen term s 133.6M 342-4177 n iter. 344-2437 
B IL L SOUTHERN R E E L TOR 

H r Nho Jfi-sdofes n,',i 
F IN D SOLO ON THIS DOOR 
A d o ra b if 3 7-2 w ith fire p la c e in den, lo v e ly new c a rp e tin g end solanum Id * Deer feed af your fence, next ie C P S I Park 
B e ryl W eregild 344 2341. 347 6456 
•O B JONES, REALTOR S 

In Oak Hills, tv O w nr 
5-1-2, en a rara# corner let, m■ t h 
C o ll m a n y la rg e tre e s , $4o,9o8, 
344-662’ or 44)-36o7 

~~ IN SHAVANO PARK 
I wooded a c re t. 1 1 1 , fit nato ce. country kitchen , to ra * fa m ily unit d in in g a re a , s tu d y , 
‘ m a id qua rters, m ore 
$*9.$< 9 
F irm 
492 1736. 

INTEREST RATES ARE 

N H S BP! BViHTO 8 W 
Lum ber, labor, etc going up tot 
Buy now ! 9 m odels open d a ily I 
$79. IM lo I i IS ,M f I T rode your ho m o fo r th e d o w a ■ a r m t i l ' 
$ 4 1 b e d ro o m *, 4 3 meres 
O ut 
Vance Jackson, 1 m ile Iro n *16 and Co tto *hon rn Ooh Volley and 
Oak Creak NW 

MIKE KINDER BLDR 

696833B 

IT MUSI BE SPRING 
T h * g ra s * is g re e n o n E t f i y friends w ill be too when Ofay see you in your 74 rf den ) bedroom w ith separate liv in g , d o $ 8 l| a or upe Assume 1262 mo 
SANDISON R E A L T Y 
92o1 

T r i b b f e 'U T V t lK 
3-2-1, fire p la c e , greenhouse, or m any other e xtra s $44,696 
494 3446. A N Y T IM E 

GALE REAL ESTATE 

HIDDEN FORESHEAUTY 
This br reb hom e has a ve r U M sa ft 
U l t r a la n d s c a p in g , la r g e breeze w ay palm $p<< and span 3 b e d ro o m f ' l b o th n o m * w ith m any built in cabinets 
A buy et 
See, M u 
349 4 341 or 149 )$ )$ A nytim e 

Dearie Owens Co 
RC, AL TOR s Orani ii Rd Ofc 

! 
(BLUE CHIP! 
O utstanding 4 bedroom t b oth on a quiet cul-de soc 
F o rm a * living a nd d in in g , fa m ily ro o m , wrth a fire p la c e . S altillo t il* c o u rty a rd e ntry, and a bi iv o ry fenced y a rd 
$56,5o6 *61 3112 n ile*. 36# 4837 
B IL L S O U T H E R N R I A L J OR 

I bedr 1 coi ner rat te rm s Col! 

JEFFERSON 
I car po ru g *, tor a i 
O nly 425,669 on oa«» a piufessionut now at 
73* 4*24 
. »- 

HILL COUNTRY VILLAGE 
F iv e K eo covered acres surround iu• yv 3 bed ro om 
I ' , bath e x e c * lr re hom e I urge polios front and re a l 
Double 'n v o m it new tam * 
I ) room b e a u H ut stables, com a te le ts ra n te d 
T o ta l p r iv a c y 
$1)4 666 N it**. 494 2 M 6 
4*4 7711 
D O N JO N N S O N , R E A L T O R S 

IMM I r a n Af I PARI 
" u i i i m y y I, r a n ft 

JOW I e U M c p n t f i r y ’n 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
D O U P * AS M I A i b k t f r g 
A <% > . Nil% 

OII leCXHIil Si IID t lev a n t b r ith home in secluded nvMthbO'Road 4 bedroom I hath pics 17 A i ) g arden ro a m ft sc of km l senarftert t i l n i t i l k s e ll sir outlet Nelson 8 d u lly 

Boyos, m e n * i 
COLLURA FARK mrs hom e is tike Pi 

 fe n c e d 
«■* 
* • 

Puffing C 
Hie uunk 
Beyl price *« 
J i ' l l 
C a rp e te d a n d 
T e r m s o p e n 4 )7 #46 
I 914 n i l 

('.amellus I U s ic u tt) 

ZIXI 

Dearie Owens Co 
RE a c t o r s je ffe rso n J rfr 

JN K OCKUPMiCV 
Beautiful 3 bedr aam. I bath ha in the F a re s ! O a k * A re a 
6 singing in the back y a rd S P* ft you m ay tr o d * <n your hem e < m a y * whew sc haul is aul 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
1 1 h n I (dei if golfy_________4*4 I 
J iJ D f 1 1 tT 'F T " * ,j „ "i"W P l ~. 
2 bath hom e sn J E F PTJnWPPki a * # a L o v ely re m o d e le d W K I ond term ly room 
(te m # moth 

RED CARPET 
143 I H I 
R f c r f l O t * 
*41 4 
~ — 
.TOT? cmvsr— f * t • t i n 
4 ® m « a# « *# ♦ *? .# • to* (SAI U 

% I M I (Ay if fe v # # l Aft Isl 
#» 
I I M 
I *** 

I# IHVClMMi 
I (Ift. 4 IMI* 
\ M I IMA IU iff# t i ##«i 

** A %% MfcAl » 
4 i#*H #44 MIU 

NI int 
I ft'si in fam ily ton ft® tifftfW M #. *#*h v4 rn#* 
# * tW i #»##% 
At ut* in® to 
II'M nh l f 
14* 

H N H KLAU 

P a g e 
1 2 -F 
S a n A n to n io E X P R E S S -N E W S 

 tlT-jUIIR -MOK! ffKfi SI 

K m m m s - 

WE CAN NOW TAKE 
YOUR HOME IN TRADE 
$1 MOVE IN VA 
5% DOWN CON VIN TI ON AI 
NO PAYMENT TIU. MAY 77 
3 and 4 bedroom plans 
$3o,95o to $44,95o. 
All Somes feature ene­ rgy saving package, central heat-air, carpet and handcrafted wood- burning fireplaces, del­ uxe 
Magic 
Chef all electric kitchen, and 2 car garage. 

6 FURNISHED MODELS 
OWN DAILY 9-9 
T W IN CREEK 
6 8 1 -1 1 1 1 

212 HOMES NORTHWEST 

SOUTHWEST RESEARCH AREA 
No down anyone Stunning 3-2-2, large living, dining, decorator baths, walk-in closets, carpeting, appl ed kitchen, privacy fence, utility room. Paym approx $359 
828 4545 
Priakos Rltv 
454-o975 
— 
{T A 6 ^ 6 A e H " fT irn — 
Approx 2 8 acres, 3-t'i-2, trees, lots of space for horses. $59,9oo 
684-4747B. Zolter, 8roker*81-l492 

•S a tu rd a y M a rc h I 2 1 9 7 7 

 r 2'.6 HOUSES SOWHMS! 

216 - ROUSES SOUTHWEST 

214 - HOUSES SOUTHEAST 

ST. MARY’S UNIV. is only Vj block from this 3 be­ droom, I bath home priced to sell of only SIS,TOO. Owner will carry. 
For details and viewing, call 
342-41 IS ANYTIME 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 
Sunset Hills. A ttractive, i be- droom, 2 bath, carpet, drapes, fenced yard. Oood condition. 
Northside 
Schools 
A rth ur 
Veltman Realty 224-9245. att 6 
433-2467 
TFNNlS~AHYOTTg----------- 
Large 4-3-2, custom built home with tennis court. 2ox4o heated pool, dream house, horse run, lock room Your eyes will sparkle when you see this one near UTSA. 
Priced ol $155,ooo. Conventional 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
WHITEHEAD-HOLIDAY 
341-7115 
REALTORS 
THfe Su m m it b y o w N e r 3-2-4, fireplace, drapes, carpet, large pantry, privacy fence. 696-2*72. 

EAST CENTRAL 
Walk to elementary school. 3 bedrooms, J '/* bath. spacious living, separate dining. Fenced yard Coll now 
532-5245 
Nit es 927-729* 

DEANIE 
OWENS CO. 
RIALTORS-MIS 
S. EAST OK. 

THE LEPRECHAUNS 

 told us you ll find your treasure in this beauty! 3 bedroom, 7 both home in forest Oaks Saltillo tile, cathedral ceilings, fireplace, carpeting and mony other fine ap pointmonts. Th* BUT of th* week! 

BOB MCGINNIS 
REALTORS 
3 4 9 -1 1 2 1 f i t ; 

THE SUMMIT 
NEW LISTING! Rock and cedar, 
3-2 2, ONE LIVING with firenlace, bookshelves, eat in kitchen, large master suite with fireplace sitting room S44.2oo 
69o 98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
RE A LTO R S 

DUPLEX- 2-1-CP on corner lot. individually fenced yard Range, disposal and double sink. Good investment. Total $26,5oo 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
P R RANSOM REALTY 673 77o1 
DUPLEX + HOME 
Always ronted-owner finance 
533 1oo9 Respondek Rlty 656-5667 
EAST CENTRAL- Beautiful all rock 3-2-2, den, fireplace, covered patio, bullt-ins. Immaculate con­ dition. Coll today. 
333-4144 
Niles 333-6143 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
SOUTH EAST REALTORS 
FOR SALE OR RENT By owner, near Lackland-Kelly, 3-2‘t, elec­ tric range, dishwasher, cent heat-air, $45o equity. Assume $222 payments. 
No 
Agents 
Please 
333-4338______________________ 

 rty occupancy. 

ADAMS HIU 

You wili love this luxurious 4 bedroom, 2'/t both home with fireplace and its own 28x39 heat­ ed pool Carpeting thruout and fully equipped kitchen. Open 
Terms. 

LOW EQUITY—LOW PYMT. 
Clean 
3 bedroom home in established oreo near school In­ cludes range, refria., carpet and fenced yard Early 
Only 519,515, 
HOME AND INCOME 
New duplex in Heritage Form neat Wilford Hall and Lackland 
AFB. One unit has 3 bedrooms and 2 baths; the other unit has 2 bedrooms and I bath. Bedrooms and living areas ore fully carpeted. Kitchens ore equipped witn range, dishwasher, disposal and rafrig. Good income poten­ tial 
KW DETAILS AND VIEWING 
CAU 673-5o*3 ANYTIME 
W ORLD WIDE 
RI 

W A L* TS bedrooms, stove. $2o9 down. _ 
696-/42oSLATER REALTY3*P927 
WHY K iF iT 'W H A N YOU CAW 
BUY a beautiful 3 or 4 bedroom home with attached garage, some with appliances. 
No down to anyone. 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
924-4331 
REALTORS 
333-9358 

SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

218 HOUSES MOVED 
Govt Build 26x4o goodrooMiew paint job $345o Delivered 333-o765 

RED! BSL! HOMES 
New 3 bdrm., 2 both homes 
2 Bdrm., I bath homes. 
WE BUILD ANY SIZE 
DOPSON LBR._________ 624 2256 
(2) « Room frame houses, to be sold and move, Atter 5 wkdavs, alt day Sundoy, 344-7834. 
6 AMA'LCTiSEbAo6M h6 m eT 
$3,ooo each. One ll bdrm , ll kit chen, It baths, 2ox176ft. Motel 
Bldg Moved 514,ooo. 624-2256. 
To he moved House (m d sa W I cedar shakes on roof, solid wood, new paint, must sell 828-8o5o 
TO M tW f: ii Room Home, beau­ tiful and sturdy. $45oo. PA-CO. 
673-2S73, 533-9o98. 
_____________ 
We aiuy Houses To 6 e Moved 
6281459 
922-4113 

224 * HOUSES, SALE OR RENT 

JUST L l it e t ) 4 story, 2 1 
2. privacy fence, ail kitchen ap pliances. and garage door opener. 
Priced to sett! 434-234). 
RED CARPET 
REALTORS 
JU*,* L litE D Deer Run. 4 2 1. with lots of carpet, new paint, appliances, fenced, and priced to sell tost! 434-2341. 

RED CARPET 
REALTORS 

T H U N D E R B IR D V IL L A G E 
Well kept 3-2 1, freshly painted and carpeted! Formal living, kit­ chen with b re ak fa s t area. 
REDUCED to 53o,ooo 
69o 98o2 
GREAT AMERICA 
R E A L T O R S 
Twin Creek, by owner. 

Gracious! It’s Spacious! 
A 3 bedrooms, 2 bath home in 
Dellcrest in Mint Condition!—It s nice!—Flexible terms!—Please 
Coll! 
341 4491 
Niles 342-7557, 696-1363 
GEORGE FLOOD, REALTORS 
Highland Hills. Lovely 2 bedroom, detached garage, extra large fenced lot, easy terms, assume 
Sill per mo. or refinance. Will trode 
BOB DePAOLO 
532 5251______________REALTOR 

HIGHLAND HILLS 

NO DOW N 
4 large bedrooms, 2 baths, double garage, carpeted, appliances, in 
John Joy HS area. NOVE IN no down VA, or assume 5189 per 

NEAR LACKLAND 
VERY LITTLE EQUITY takes this 2 yeor ok), 3 bedroom home 
Owner says "Bring me an offer on equity and assume, no qualifying 
Bargain Buy! 
REALTORS 
6 7 4 -3 5 5 2 
HODSDON A ASSOC. 
IP 
_ 

Downtown Duplex, converts to 
3-2, 315 B a rre ra , near bus, schools $12,ooo. 
By ow ner, 
824-4246 or oft.C pm 734-4556. 

226 SUBURBAN PROPERTY 

Cory 2-1 home with central heat and air, washer and dryer con 
16oo sa ft 
o ,r v- * u" nv/„ 3 l I > carpeting, i nections, family room, breakfast cathedral ceilings, fireplace, do areo kl,chen 
Assume low tio. dining room, breaktastnaok, J eaottv, sn? monthly. 
JU, Call 349-6o75 anytime fw in Creek 3-4-2 brick, lands- caped. many features. $269 mo., take 2nd leln. 684 o192 fw d MASTER SUITES in 4 be droom, 3 bain home on beautiful lot! Livtng-dtnlng combination plus family room, covered patio 
$48,5oo. 
REALTORS 
494-7771 
J ™ 
Guy Chipman Co 
WOODS OF SHAVANO, fantastic 
{4 bedroom. I large living area has fireplace, separate tormal dining, beautifully carpeted, split be­ droom a rra n g e m e n t. 
Oak covered lot. Ask tor Ruth Folios 
341-9166 A N Y T IM E 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
HOWARD TATE REALTORS 
•W.fud5 6R A fet A6ftET f ------- 
'4-2, separate study, sewing room, 
'frees, corner lot, by owner, no aq-nts, 578,5o8 341-oo79. 
OWNER SAYS 
Please buy my all brick. 3-2-2. with large corner fireplaced den 
Fully carpeted luxury living ON­ 
LY $79oo EQUITY, no payments til May, immediate occupancy and I'll pay your closing cost 
GASE-BAKER REALTY CO 
49o-899o Eves 694-81o$. 342-7712 
KEY GROUP 

UNIVERSITY OAKS j Like new, brick 3-2-2 on corner lot. 
' Electric kitchen-open living area. 
I Walk to elem en tary school. 
$38,9oo 
Erie 
Nagel. 
494-533o, j 696-2712. 
PROFESSIONAL REALTY ti NIV E g" gi f v ' P r g iTTfife A " 
Just listed, a 3 bedroom home on 
Overfull Dr. Plenty af storage, 
735-555o. 733-7141 
C.M. FURR CD 

W. CRAIG 2 BDRM 
Low dn, owner carry, nice yard 
73* 17*6 
128 o665 
734-4117 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 

Van B am A Assac 
*84 7171 
534-5451 
344-1o89 

HighlandHills— a r ** 
BARGAIN, 4 bedrooms, lovely kitchen, large rooms, w-w carpet, central heat, about $2oo down, 
$152 mo. includes taxes, etc. Bet­ ter hurry, Call: 
224-8357 
342-9338 
344-9424 
J.A. DUSS 
Reoi Estate 
Highland Hills, a must see, super nice 3 bedroom, country site kit­ chen, built-in range, covered pa­ tio, fruit trees galore. VA-FHA. 
Call Ann 

$2oo DOWN. 3 bedrooms, garage. 
May first payment. 
494-742oSLATER REALTY344-o93 
FIRST TIME LISTED 
3-1-1, air, appliances and carpet. 
$22o month. 
*75 1*91. 
*74-1777, 
623-572o 
POINTER REAL ESTATE 
FOUR BEDROO M S. 2 baths. 
2-car garage. $2oo down. No city taxes. June 1st payment 
69* 742oSLATER RE AL TY484-614 

ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
648-33o7 

HOMES $2oo DOWN! 
MCVEY REAL ESTATE -922-17o4 

JUST LISTED 

GATEWAY TERRACE, redecor­ ated 3-1-cp. fenced, $175 down, 
$155 mo 
J 6 J REALTY 674-8883 Anytime 

GO TO COUNTRY 
Live in this 2-1, central heat and large trees, mosiac table with bench BBQ, large family room, living and dining room combina­ tion. $17,ooo 
Van Buren A Assoc 
684 771 
696-589* 
699 oo66 

 m HERITAOE FARM •• 
Nothing down to anyone! Clon 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage, carpeted. central air-heat. 
$4o,5oo 
923 19o4 
ARCINIEGA REALTY 

HOMES - $2oo DOWN! 
MCVEY REAL ESTATE 922-17o6 

GOOD BUILDING SIT'S 
ON THE GUADALUPE 
AKE HARD TO FIND 

We have several, each with a high area for building and each with a gentle slope to river. 
From 
$14,ooo. 
8%, 
12 yeor financing available. Highly restricted. 
Call for 
Ap pointment to see* 

HBG REAL ESTATE 

7 3 3 -1 3 o 9 

BOERNE AREA 

IIV I ON CIBOLO cen kl Two beautiful prepecHuy tltiiete* on th* creek. Os*, on * 4**p lot hot 4 bedroom*. 
2’A both* ... living, dining com binotloc 3o' long and • homi­ ly room 2oxTOTCoontry-«i«» kitchen, oil built-in. Ofhomd at 869 IOO 
Second homo ba* J bedroom*. 3 large bath* end e big atone fireplace in th* living room 
... cozy, pen cled *twdy end e tpacievt, redwood deck overlooking e huge, tor od loft 882,8oo. 
OVER TWO ACRES! Each af the** home* h located on 2 plus OC re* ... one, buHt eh native rock ha* 3 bedroom*, 
2 beth* and a tabutov* kit­ chen. A living room 18x14 with e fireplace ... mien urn and a lovely loft! kitted et 
868,58o. lite other home, a 
(plH-tevei with fir opiate* in both th* living room cmd family room. ho* 
4 bedrooms, 3 baths and a candock! 
Kitchen t Ox 171 
Io n and beautiful eakil Of­ fered at 887.5oo. Call 344- 
oo22. 

IMP 
PcmttnbH i tiin lr i r i r 
??p - 88BURBAN PROPERTY 

GARDEN RIDGE 
Lovely all brick 4-2-2 on a lovely elevated acre, 2 living areas and greenhouse Country privacy without isolation NITES 824-446o north loop inc. 
REALTORS MLS 
828-5*36 

228 RESORT MRRRTIES 
[232 H R W RRR BUCKS 

GayCHpamOa. 
REALTORS 

 t x SK & O C i w w n i 

HELOTES 
6 Acres Plus. Beautiful Hilt, can see to th* North Pole and to the 
Mexican Border. Sell, worth the 
Money. Financed by owner. 
495-89o5, 695 32o5 
_ 

Helotes Creek Ranch 
Beautiful hills, fantastic view, all tra c t sizes to suit you 
Easy terms, financing available. Call anytime 349-45o6, 341-4541_______ 

CANYON LAKE 
5 ACRE TRACTS lake facilities and boot romps new by. Ronoromk views, many taro* oak trees $18oo per acre ana up. Sell 3oV. below market value. Up to 15 yeors to pay of 
8%. 
For appointm ent call 
4 9 7 - 3 5 7 1 
1 - 8 9 9 - 2 1 8 1 

HILL COUNTRY 
ACREAGE 

V /t ta 15 ACK TRACTS IN KEN- 
DAU, COMAI, BEXAR COS. located on the fAIROAKS 
RANCH, just right for your new home, horses, and light gardening. Excellent owner 
Financing with up to 
1o- year terms. 

DON SMITH CO. 
MOKER 

698-244o 
698-2132 

Take RHO Northwest, exit loon Springs, pre cee* North on accost road to Camp Stanley him right, ga 3v» miles to 
SMN, him ridrt, flfibAKS erne* 

HILL COUNTRY 
17.8 Acres at 575o Acre only one mile on caved County Road off 
Interstate IO. Take Exit 492 and follow signs Covered with Oak trees and adioins large ranch. 
Owner financing Don Smith Co 
Realty. 424 Main St., Kerrville 
I 896-5244_______ _____________ 
5 Hill Country acres 5225 down payment, *34.89 per mo. Beautiful views, big tr ees.7%% simple inter. Coll 734 7944______________ 
Homesite* from I to 5 acres, south of San Antonio in pretty sub-divi­ sion. Price from $35o8 to $1o,ooo. 
924-8115, 337-4927 
HYATT REAL ESTATE 

Kerrville Hunting Lodge 
IO Acres, 3-t’ i mamie turn 
’ well, septic, bam, tr ees 
828-o665 
7341764 
675-o629 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 
LARGE BUILDING SITE 
I mile north from Loop N.W. de­ sired location, deep soil and wooded area Water, electricity, and phone. Payments of 542.79 at 
7°o simple interest after small down pmt. Let Pelter, 679-7229. 

INSIDE 16o4 
Jones- M altsb erg er frontage north of Thousand Oaks. 72 acres, reasonable terms. 
Owners anxious 
J.M. Cullman, Realtor 
512 344-2341 
BOB JONES. REALTOR 
NEAR BOERNE, acreage tracts 
Owner financed 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
PIONEER REALTY 

Huge 2 bedroom, fireplace in liv­ ing room, basement, on lovely, quiet street in Highland Park. 
Terms open 414-6444 
TERRILL REALTY 
REALTORS 
MLS 

PANORAMIC VIEW 
BY O W NER 

D istinctive executive custom brick, French C ontem porary 
Townhouse design, terraced rock, double lot tao grass), 27o8 sa ti. 
4 3 2, spiral staircase to enter­ tainment loll overlooking 2ox24 den, 2 upper 3o’ deck ottering panoramic city view Many lux ury features, immaculate condi­ tion. Babcock Rd and Loop 41o area 
4147 HIGH SIERRA 
Reduced 51o.ooo to $82,5oo 
Bv aop I. Owner. 494 2237 
K 'T n t A 'N fH lfa ftl---------- will be happy on shuttered porch, 
2-1. dining, big Hying room. 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 7521 

PRESTIGE LOCATION 
Y our world of tom orrow can beam with this lovely Custom built 
3 bedroom home in exclusive 
Castle Hills Terrace. Formal Hy­ ing room, separate dining room. large den with fireplace, PLUS lovely billiard room See this one! 
344-8348 
G r a c e A r n o l d 
REALTORS MLS 

PRIME LOCATION 
Live in luxury and entertain witn pride in this spacious 4-3-2 home 
Excellent tor family with teen­ ager or in laws Close to Medical 
Center and USAA 
C all M r. 
DeLaGarza 344 2341. 49* 1954 
BOB JONES, REALTORS 

KEY GROUP 
PSSSTT 
GOTTA MINUTE? 
Come take a look at this 3-story 
Colonial charm er in popular: 
Northwest area *-2-2 with family room, huge covered patio, and an oak tree toot s of least IO# years old ah en a corner lot $41,9oo 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
Schneider Realty 
4o4 72oo 
RA f a a n r v i t H ^ fc bos I TT pioce, beamed ceiling in family: room' Living dining combma hon 4 bedrooms, 7 baths Many extras! 
$52,998 
REALTORS 
494 4811 

Guy Chipman Co 

READY TO MOVE IN! 
I 
IAH brick 4 bedroom, executive: home 
Two firoplocos, one in master bedroom, landscaping and extoriar decor of toe finest 
Be the proud owner of this tm#: home rn Hollywood park 
349 4343 or 349-353$ Anytime 

Deanie Owens Cn 
REALTORS Bianco i d Ole j 
REDUCED $4,888 
Executive French Chateau* in* 
I prestige area, lust I min tram i UTSA and toe Medical Conter $ btd'oom *, (master down), for I mat living and dining plus a huge family roam, make tots too best j luxury home buy bt toe year See this stunning ham * today 
Al! 
$64,888 4 WIN be sold tomorrow 
*881131 
REALTORS 
M I $413 
RED CARPET 
I 

Reduce* Over *1o,ooo 
Colonial V itiate, Custom built, beautiful drapes and carpet, 4 torte bedrooms. I luxury baths. 7 
•''•places, central heal air Lots talk forms. Cai) 424 5421, infos 
*74 8/44 
Turner Realty i 

’I S I IiW e i r e a r " * — 
! 
ABSOLUTELY IMMACULATE! 4 bed room, 2 both brick home I 
Hying argos, cut do-sac location 
$4$,988 
REALTOR 
*81 1388 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
ELAINE LUDWIG A ASSOC 

•1614 Sacraanstoa 
I or ae J I reconditioned, oft Wast 
Avo 111,$88 and we ll trade 
344 MCI odes MI 1981 
• 
BOR BRENNER REALTORS 

WHISPERING OAKS 
Open House Sol.-Sun. 2 to 5pm 
You’ll like this light and cheerful kitchen with island cook top. also large dinette with bow window, tormal living- dining rooms, large den with fireplace and built-ins, 3 large bedrooms. 2 luxury baths, mony large trees on level lot. 
$77,ooo 273$ Whisper Path For appt 492 263* w Si i sTE-Rl Nd 6 Ak yr." J U s ! 
LISTED! Formal Model Home. 
Luxuriously appointed interior, 4 bedrooms. 2’ > baths, large family room. beautiful master bedroom suite, lovely yard with many na­ tive oaks 
$75,9oo 
Call 874-o121 
ANYTIME. 

M 
W 
W 

WHISPERING OAKS 
Beautiful 4 bedroom. 3 bath home with separate living and dining room. Wet bor, fireplace in tomily room , aam e room. s p rin k le r system $85,8o8 Niles 341 19*2 
344-3o78 
DON JOHNSON, REALTORS 

KEY GROUP w En 4 /> s r i tv g 6 a iii------ 
Bv Owner, beautifully carpeted, 
4 2, format living, separate raised dining, den has fireplace, pool table sized gome ream has many built-ins Im m aculate cond Ne ogents praos#. Lew $7o s 492-1827 

WOODLAWN HILLS 
Small home in need of repairs. 3-t. washer and dryer connections 
$11,5o8 
Van Buran I Assac 
*14-7171 
*9* 589* 
*99-oo** 

LAKESIDE $718 
Payments Lovely 3-2-2. Carpets, air, opal s, fenced. Small, smoll equity Owner transferred. 
828-4545 
Pnokos Pity 
*54 o97$ 
7o3 Morntngvlew. near M artin 
Luther Kina D r. 3 bedroom , corner lot, # ,# o W -1812 
Near Lytle. I acre. large country home. 3 spacious bedrooms, J baths, kingsized den, well, sheds refinance. Call Olga 
ERA 
532-31o7 
JACK MITCHELL 
Realtor 
673-o)o8 

3-2-2 
Immaculate 3 bedroom, 2 bath home with double garage M in­ utes to Wilford Hoi! and bases No down and no closing costs lo Vets 
BRIGHAM REALTY *73 MOI 
3-11 IN AMERICANA Carpet, drape*, appliances, central air heat, patio in fenced yard. Extra neat Condition. *75-21 $2. 

RED CARPET 

SPRING SPECIAl 

Country living Boerne area 2 deluxe homes you hefter seel 
Reduced ta builders cost for im­ mediate sale and possession 

$59,9oo reduced! to $49,9oo. 
$79,5oo reduced to $*9,9oo. 
Cool living in oak studded setting, next ta Boerne s new fake. 

Call collect 
1-249-23*2, 249-2764 

DEVINE REALTY 
Devine, Texas 
1-663-4558 
SA Direct Hue 626 12oo 
ACREAGE riO M E ilT iS 

5 ACRES 
Near Somerset. Country living at its best Have garden and some chickens and beautiful trees. 
Cecil Orrick 
Don Smith Broker 
735-8o8o 

NEAR CALAVERAS LAKE 
5 acres beautiful oaks, good soil, fronts on county road-owner fin­ anced. 
Bill 
Harper 
494-7412, 
344 2514 

CANYON U K E 

PftVATE M U WITH SECURITY 
Owner selling 28oo Sq. Ft., split level, Lakeview VS rock ond Vt cedar home. 3-2VY beths - 2 car garage. Control heat ond air, corpet, drapes, large family room with cathedral ceiling, fireplace and 
Many Extras! 
CAU I-*99-7856 ANYTIME 

232 - FARMS AND RANCHES 

BOERNE AREA 

WOOOED ACHAGE - Choke 
3 to 2o Acre tracts in beautiful 
Mountain Spring forms 3 miles from loom*. Highly restricted. 
Owner financed 

ROCK ANO MCK HOMES with fireplace under construction on tree-covered acres with fan­ tastic views. $51,9oo to $79,9oo toy now, choose color coordi nates. 

 hunting and fishily. SmoH pee- minerals. OAS per atte 

HOMB 
IN 
BOEHNE 
$22,5oo to $33,5oo from 

OTHER ACHAGE TKACTS, large oaks, streams from $1,775. 

HILL COUNTRY 
REALTY 

424 Main St. 
Borne, T«. 
I —249-2o11 c o m a 

SWT FARM a r a n c h ’ 
REAL ESTATE 

APPROXIMATELY 28oo ACKS Hi. 
LA SAUE CO. With Fria River fron­ tage. J ake mobile homes 
Garage, hunting sfonds, numerous small fields. Excellent hunting lion of with good terms 

ATB ACKS LA SAU! CO. Vt 
Mile (faeces liver frentoge, 5 miles West of Cotulla. 18o Acres irrigated farmland, nke house overlooking smoll fake. Excellent hunting and fishing with many good improvements. VS minerals. 
A real showplace $8oo per owe with good owner financing. 
LEE FOBB — I —*79-2759 
P.O. Box 563, Cotulla, Tx. 
7*o14 

CANYON LAKE—BY OWNER 
5 acres on paved road overlook­ ing lake, near boat launch. Lots of trees, w o te r-e le c tric itv , w ill divide, finance. 494-2727, 494-1831 
Canyon Lake, new Lakeview home, 5*5,ooo Weekend home, 
522,5oo 
LAKEHOME 
REALTY 
1-9*4 319o 
. 
CANYON LAKE 
M O B ILE LOT 
1o,88o sq it fantastic view. Pool, boat ramp near bv. S14oo, $1oo down, 78 mo. at $21.43 APR IN . 
M E L M IL L E R 
126-2324 
U t rw to 
CANYON SPRING RESORT, 2 lots, back to back, ea. approx. tOOSq Ft. Access to recreational area Priced at $4ooo to $375o will sell both for $2ooo or $3ooo ea 
342 2477. 
_______ 
EVER YTH IN G YOU’VE EVER 
WANTED, is in this perfect WA­ 
TERFRONT home on Lake LBJ. 
Extra large room* with color co­ ordinated Crapes, carpeting and walls Each room has sliding glass door onto o garden-room patio. C entral h e a t-a ir, has humidifier. Double boat house and extra boat slip for guests. 
Priced right. Call Betty Brown 
512-598-5257 
Fox-Gibbs 
Real 
E s t a t e ____________________ 

NW af San Antonia in Bexar, 
Comal, Kendall Co s. 1-18- acres or More 
DON SMITH CO 
698-744o 
BROKER 
498-2261 

Near McCreless. Brand new lust built 3 bedroom. 2 bath, carpets, central heat, garage, priced to 
I sell. VA-FHA. Call Ann 
ERA 
JACK MITCHELL i 532-31o7 Realtor 
648-33o7 
! No car necessary, ideal retie* 
I ament, attractive 2 bdrm house, bus. shopping, doctor, dentist. I 
I blk leaving cliv. M2-IO l o 
___ 
OFF PLEASANTON RD 
Almost new 1-1-1, total price 
I $14,5oo 
Bab Thompson 341-7*93 
! INTERSTATE________________ 
••••O n Koehler Ct. Clean 3 be­ droom $16,975. Nothing down to anyone' Hablama* Espanol 
923 19o4 
ARCINIEGA FEALTY 
••••O n Prestwick 3 bedrooms, 
I $17,75o No down to anyone! Mab- i lamov Espanol 
923 19o4 
ARCINIEGA REALTY 
OWNER ANXIOUS • Only $78,158 
F M A appraised 
B rick 3-2-2, heat-air. built ins. covered patio 
I and much mare. Call tor an opal, j 333-4144 
Niles 6M-2787 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
SOUTH e a s t r e a l t o r s 

 i i i i w a ne a m w v rr n r e i r 
Carpeted, fireplace, cathedral ceilings, most appliances, covered patio in privacy fenced yard *71-2152. 
RED CARPET j u iT bECAuSt' '6 * L i n t dom qty* up the opportunity of owning I a lovely 3 or 4 bedroom, 2 bath home for low equity and paym ents under 57oo. 
Call 
828-819$ Soon. 

RED CARPET 
---------------7u i m 
*TE D --------------- 
Spacious 4-2-1 that has lust bean painted and new w all-w all thruout. Office or study plus hobby room with sink. VA ap­ praised at $26,5oo—Call today 
*99-1133 
REALTORS 
*99-1133 
RED CARPET 
JU$ f L iS T Ift 'i' fl'r-co'rporl *$% brick home with fenced yard, hardwood floors, and separate dining. 434-2341. 
RED CARPET 

ACREAGE TRACTS 
In the country, North of S A. from 
I to 3o acres. Owner financed Call 
Jim Hanley, broker. San Antonio, dial direct 497-3*21 Anytime. 
BULVERDE AREA REALTY 
497 3*21 
REALTOR 
1 *3* 7442 

7 ACRE ENTIRE MT. TOP 
North, lanced, well, co op electric, wide paved road View many miles of distant mountain scen­ ery Much m ore. Bob Sm ith. 
*98-2o83, 494 *777 
8 acre farm isM down payment 
$78 per mo. Irrigated farm land in 
Texas Hills. Near highway, well furnished Call tor appointment to see 734 959$ ll,A cre , In 6ak Village Norrie 
$8,OOO or best oner Coll *24 28*6 

51 ACRES NIN 
Tremendous view. Will subdivide. 
Located near Leon Springs. Cecil 
Orrick 
Don Smith Broker 
735-8ooo ie ACRE* A frM H lI 
N ^ r 
Universal 
City, good land. 
*58 339* 
___________________ 
5 Acres. 48o on permanent creak, huge trees. 2mi Canyon lake. Jim 

Ashley 51 ACRES NIN 
Tremendous view. Will subdivide. 
Located near Leon Springs. Cecil 
Orrick 
Don Smith Broker 
735-8o8o i 4 Adfefe$6T'n r i i o e A $ r faeo' r 
Universal 
City. good kind. 
*58 3396 
____________ _____ _ 
5 Acres. 4oo on permanent credit, huge trees. 2mi Canyon lake. Jim 
Ashley Realty 226-7774 
_____ 
IO Acres, plenty of oak trees, completely fenced, 14X7o’ mobile home, double carport, 2 barns. green house, workshop. Utility room *88 358o. 
13*A£EEs ft lo ttW lnaon' - 
River, $15oo Acre. 534 *711 
A A g fe T r~wTTTi 'Sea uT77'u7~4~T>'**• droom, 
J both home, central heat-air 
JERRY 
BACON 
REALTORS 
1-7*2 3283 
*22-3735 
*22-3295 
422-3323 

NIC E d U lE T V IE W of Lake 
Calaveras from hi* JVj acres on 
FM 1518. hose rooms highlight toe 
29oo sa ft. 3 bedroom, 2 bath older home, large covered patio with 
BBQ, separate double garage and storage sheds. Hurry and see this at 55o.ooo 
HUGHES & BRISCOE 
924-4331 REALTORS 
I 6*3 5597 

NORTH 3V3 ACRE 
Out San Pedro, IS minutes Oaks, soil. view tor miles. Paved road. 
Co op electric. $85o8, terms by owner. 
Bob 
Smith, 
*98-2o93, 
494 *777. 
OAK MOSS NORTH 
5 to IO acre Homesite*, 5 min. from Blanco and 1*84. owner financed, custom building availa­ ble. 497 3*38 or 1-438-71*7._______ 
Older hm-good repair Chino 
Grove 
648 3338UO RIPPS RLTY *48-o441 
ON PM 11*3 
Corner Oakrdge Or. Reduced to 
$*ooo Owner linanced. 824-7334 
Dixie Rase Realtor 
On Running Creek! Acre home­ site, lots of deer, big trees, private. Only $18o per month Out 
Bandera Hwy. Call t-347-5o17 

E xcellent condition, channel view, furnished home in Port 
Aransas. Asbestos siding. 2 story, 
3 bedrooms. 3 baths, 3 car garage. 
2 blk* to the beach. S4S.OOO. 
732-4o55, 824 *67* 
_ 

• I or eswlGro^KraTuninv proved but (teared loud. On cor­ ner paved FM ond unimproved road 
South of Poteet approximately 
414 otres, two tanks, two 35o ft. wells, peanut allotment. Frontage on 2 roads. 
Days, 349-4343 
Rites, 73y412i or 494-1132 
DEA Nil 
OWENS CO. 
KAITOB-MIS 
I Rd Oft. 

7o ACRE FA R M NEAR NEW 
BRAUNFELS. Owner financed 
177 Acre farm near Devine, $*oo per acre, 29% down. 
*84-4211 or 751-9943 
PIONEER REALTY 
$35- AC R E L E A S IN G , Owner says, ’Sell-Yes, Lease-No’. Gas wells across fence, 14o acres coastal and kline grass, paved road, stocked lake, minerals and royalty. 55oo acre or trade. D.M. 
PHILLIP REALTY *91 1372. 

- W f s s r 
RANCH OWNERS 
URGENT!!!!!!!!! 
1. Meed 2S.OCX! ie 3o,ooo acre* South Texa* working and hun tow range. 
Mutt have minerab and executive privilege an leaving. Must have widely awd water. 
Matt ba In a tow tax county. 
2. Alta need IM O ta 19oo aero*, y e t y ranch. S uit I executive prtvttaaa leasing, underground w and In a low to* county. 

CAU Oft Wft!Tft 
GANNAWAY LAND CO. 
Pon y Brooks Bldg., 
Auctoi. Tx. 787o1 
I - 4 7 7 - 3 2 8 6 

42 acre live oak hills. Joins huge ranch, deer-turkey. $395 per acre. 
Liberal terms. 1-896-244o_______ 
6o Acres, SI,2oo an acre, 
Devine, 674-678o.__________ 

FORT CLARK SPRINGS 
Membership. Bargain. 691-2488 
Ft. Clark Springs membership 
822 3641, 653-9212 
HOME WITH 274 It. waterfront 
Fauries Sub. No. 2. In protected cove. Has own good well, 3 out buildings for storage. Has ewn boat launch. Complete with sea wall and deck 
684-4211 or 751-9943 
PIONEER REALTY 

2o9 ACRES 

43 
ACRI# 
On pavement, near IH3S whfc bito tag to e , all utM. avail. « d owner 

 w tth fto , large 

 a ^ F 'len of door. OwS&r 

SST^X&t river rands wNh many Imarevamant*. miner­ als intact and has tam* ga* production. Ex ce Bess* tar A t- 

' c u r t e r 
1o3A Lo Pfazo Wa., Seguin Tx. 
658-8444 
Eve I 379 7582 or BILL SMITH I 379-o189 Eve. 

Beautiful riverfront. Priced to sell. ERNEST SOARD 
VARNER REALTY 
658-6366 ANYTIME 
5 ACRES, between Son Antonio and Blanco, SS.99S, small down. 
Long term financing by owner. 
534-8876_________ 

DEVINE AREA, Beautiful brick on 2.5 acres, 3 bedroom, 2 bath, double carport, 18x27 living area with Ben F ran klin fire p la c e . 
Large workshop, good w ell, paved road. Priced reduced 
HUGHES 6 BRISCOE 
924-4331 REALTORS 
1 6*3 5597 

LAKE HOME 
S Side Canyon lake, on Hillside, near lake, tremendous view of lake.Vacant lot odlointng also For 
Sale. Call owner evenings ar wknd*. 341-8898 
LAKE LBJ 
SUNRISE BEACH 
Waterfront home 3 bedroom, t'T bath, completely furnished. Bv 
Owner $29,5oo 342-93*3, 349 8*2* 
LAKE LBJ, waterfront lot in ex­ clusive area, 
S7.oo8, awner- 
344-9*89______________________ 

ALMOST AN ACRE 
Hill Country Mobile Home site, IS min North on San Pedro. Only 
521oo. $1oo down, $21.** per month , st I % for 144 months. 
This one wont last long. Call today! 494-3419 - LAK ECROFT 
REAL ESTATE 

River front 5 acres. $8So down payment, $132.19 per me. Crystal cleor water. Beautiful views of 
Texas Hills. Shown bv oppoint- mont colt 734 9363______________ 
River Pront tract, I* mi. from 
S.A., paved Rd., Utilities, good farms, $498o 344-6187___________ 

2 LARGE LOTS, high location, trees galore, access to Canyon 
Lake Only $3,75o. Very liberal farms. Call 341-4*6* Now. Niles 
344-7o3* 
DanBaacMe 
* CO. INC. REALTORS MLS 

Lot, 7ox12o'. Cypress Cove, fats of extras, $3,oo8 *84-5898. 
MEDINA 
PEBBLE 

REALTORS 
Lackland kelty Areo 

WOODLAWN HILLS 
THIS IS A BEAUTY! 
4 bedrooms (or 3 and an office), separate dining, large living room. den, central heat air, ex 
Ires 
$42,5o8 
34) 72o1, totes 
341 8294 

JOHN FLOURNOY INC 

 w o ftb U w N TTTW T71 
3-2*2 with super sized rooms C ar-1 pried throughout, bonus bedroom ond bath attached to detached garage Priced to sell! R E A L­ 
TORS, 341 4484 
BED CARPET 
I 

WOODS OE SHAVANO 
TWO STORY DELIGHT 
Super kitchen with all modern conveniences, plus 4 bedrooms. 
2' i baths ond huge den with tire place A real playhouse for the 
Ikids and pool ana tennis club near 
■ 
HURRY!!! 

OWNER TRANSFERRED 
Must sell his beautiful 18o% brick 
3-2-1 tost! Central hoat-alr, formal living, cozy den and covered po 
Ho No down VA 
STOP COLLECTING 
RENT R E C EIPTS Build your own estate, start with this cfaan 2 bedroom with stove and re frig e ra to r. No down 
VA, payments approx 812$ per mo j Con now 
IMMEDIATE POSSESSION 
! far qualified buyer on this High- i land Hills 3 bedroom with 3 car eof ope Ideal for cor butt el hon- i demon Ask tor Jim 
I 532-1252 
Niles 117-4821 

 i C e n t u r y 2 1 
WAKEFIELD REALIOR5 

216 HflUStS SOUTHWEST 

AA I DEAL. I bdrms, 2 baths, carpets $158 dn May payment 
496-742oSLATEE RE AL TV 144 o*1 
5 ACRES ON PLEASANTON RD near Villaret, owner financed 
HUGHES 4 BRISCOE 
914 411) REALTORS 
1 *61 5597 
AFFORDABLE 
Almes! new I bedroom, I path with country kitchen $1588 eauitv assume VA loan. *5*-1214 

Less than rent, anyone can buy, 
Isl pymt til May. Only $2o8 total 
Closing. SE HABLA ESPANOL 
M C 
Gonzales 
Reoi 
Estate, 
*73 oo35 
Lackland Terrace M -4 . i'«%. assume or refinance. Mrs John- son *71-1144, Atter 5 *73 589* la c k la n d te rra c e , bv owner, 
1-2-2, cent air-heat, coy polio, large fenced yard, 1oo% Austin pink stone, $21,1o8 *14 4o4o pit 3. 

ACRE OE OAKS 
Eniov camping, fishing, canoeing on this beautiful wooded site in the 
Hill Country, or build a country home back In toe toll trees. $2oo down, $45 month at 7% %. Call 
Tom Taylor 494 5237 or 342 8583. 

6 ACRES 
ALL OR PART • 5749 PER ACRE 
Only min from boot ramp at Can­ yon Laky. Owner will finance at 
1% simple Bill Hughes. Broker, 
142 18o8 

LOW EQUITY ckland, T'> yr. 

RED CARPET 

 bv 

828-8391 Anytime 

Deanie Owens Co 
Realtors NE Loop etc 

YOU’LL NEVER REGRET 
The day you finally decided ie leek al this lovely 4 bedroom home whose charm beams nato al toe front doer includes such features as 18x38 peel with sun deck, wet ber. end covered patio 
Price reduced fa $*9,958 
8B4-433o 344 82o7 Anytim e 

Deanie Owens Co 
REALTORS Bandera Rd OK 

 y-ljOUStSSmKHEAS! 

A FFO R D A B LE 
KINGSBOR 
OUGH RIOOE 
Choice of two I bedroom, oaraae. central heal. Payments 814$ 
Hurry! This won’t last Habiomes 
Espanol 
LM n a i f 
ALL CASH YOU NEED S2Bo volley Hi. I bedrooms. I beths. 
Ne auobtyme Move hi tedeyi 
6/4 233oG B GONZALES*!# **** 

Near Lackland. T' > yr. eld rock and asbestos 
Assume $2o8 monthly. 7%% interest, central heat and a ir, all appliances, fenced. 1-t-CP $21 7oo 
Via Burga & Assoc 
*84-7171 
344 ! o89 
344-7122 
M d f SL CUM ARE F I *!ro~n''C~1 bedroom. I*, bath. den. large lei. 
VA or PHA 923-4127, 924 2922 
Ronald Williamson 
N W E IN T66AV------------ 
Vacant. VA ne down. ne closing. 
’ Less mon rent Carpet, stove, walk to northside school, quite neighborhood, $ minutes to Wil­ lard Hall 
BRIGHAM REALTY *71-14o1 
M u ir 'SEE tim n 1, I rn Amor 
Kona $2oo down, $17$ mo 
J A J REALTY *74 M il Anytime 
Near kelley-lacklond oreo, tv j Owner. 2 bedroom, I bath, car port, low equity Coll *21 5328. 
I Nfeiff' KE'L l'V. t bedT^ 'm F^n 7 
: Will sell as is condition. Cheap Or 
I owner will compfatulv redecorate 
! No down VA. 
HUGHES A BRISCOE i 924 4131 
REALTORS 
*7$ o*9* 
WlAfe I Ad K IA WB Clean 4 be dream, I ' , bath home, central air and heat, carpeting and all ae pliances ti SSO equity and assume 
I 7%% VA loan *74-1411 

S ACRES and UP 
Just inside Wilson Ce. Only 17 mi from Loop 41o Also Texas Veter­ ans land avail. 
344-*2*8 
341 *5** 
*95-1111 

CONNALLY 
R EAL ESTATE INC. 

17 T l7 ; r oTW aer; W W W . 
Pretty oaks. excellent hunting. 
Jim Ashley Real Estate *84-427* 
*[ "a i rz F$ Between ion Antonio and Blanco, S5.995. small down, long farm financing by owner 
S14-887* 
____ 
7 acres Bulverde esiuYes, ’V mile from school «*«-$l#3 
I* ocres by owner, paved road overlooking Canyon Lake Lots of trees, near beat launch Water electricity available 28 min from 
I 1*o4 Will divide, finance 494-2727, 
I *88-1931._____________________ 
IO Acres E of Blanco, small house, good too soil. nice trets. 
Jim Ashley Real Estate *84 427* 

3 AND 4 BEDROOM 
HOMES ON ACREAGE 
Several new homes on I '2 to 2 acre tracts new being constructed in T R A IIW O O D . A dditional acreage or lets to build en also available. IS miles Northwest of 1 
Wonderland out IH-18. 
DON SMITH CO. 
*98 22*1 
BROKER 
*98-24*o 
Approximately 3 acres Beauiiful location for devrioprment. Fine homes in mature suburban area. 
MAC REAL ESTATE BIB 2521 

BACK TO NATURE 
North oft the beaten tract. Lovely 
1-2-den. fireplaced heme♦ 2ox27 gameroom-f swim pool Acres to roam. 494 5281, 494-2o41 
HILL COUNTRY REALTORS j 

R.M. GEORGE REALTY 
242 MAIN 
BOERNE. TEXAS 
249 1*71. 249 3545, 249 354* 
ROCK HOME 4 ACRES 
In Oak Vltloae North with lots of extras. Priced in mid 55o's. Call 
Ron today. 
494-5571 
Niles 456-41S9 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
W AKEFIELD REALTORS 

SECLUDED 
IS Acres, luxurious, oak studded building site, IS mm. north et 
USAA and Medical Center. Owner financed. 
344-*2*8 
341*5*4 
*84-57*8 

LAKE 
BEACH 
Waterfront nome and guest house on 3 fats. 
*84-421) or 751-9943 
PIONEER REALTY 
MEDINA LAKE 
Wont fa sell, lease or rent your property? Call us 
*95-8811 watson 4 sen i-7Si-28ii 

*o Acres By Owner, barn, all cleared and te rra c ed . Geed fences, dove, quail, some deer, aood water well, set up tor mobile homes, between Ooliad and Ken edy. $595 per acre. 1-581-3178. 
38 Acres cultivated land with 3 bedroom farm house, ham s, pens, arttsian well, pecan trees 
Southside off 
Quintana 
Rd. 
*53-9o22 
________________ 

EAST BEXAR COUNTY 
3 bedrooms. 2 baths, new Timely home on beautiful I acre tract. 
Creek frontage, road frontage, water line, and septic system. land Lacatars af le a s 
S A. *♦; tis*, *871333 

5 ACRES - Farmland, excellent soil Uvalde area. Owner finance. 
Colt 9 fa 5, 349 2*13.____________ 
74.5 Acres. Highway frontage, l l miles So. of IH41o. $54,ooo Owner 
Carry. Mr. Butt, *48-3484 after * pm 
5o ACRES- Hunfars delight near 
Garner State Pork $6,ooo equity and take over payments et $233- w ill finance equity ar take something in trad e for eaual value I 723-584) Of I 724-4S87 
22 acres hunting country. $545 down payment, $84.97 per mo. Big deer, turkey. Javelins. On fence line et large ranch. Financed by owner. 734-93*1______________ 
2o ACRES, Hwy Frontage, house, pens, well, coastal, near Nixon 
$24,ooo. M.C. Ritchie. 1-582-11 SO 

128 ACRES 

M E D IN A R IV E R FRONTAGE over 113 It. river frontage. 1-2 home, central heat and air Beau­ tiful trees, must see to appreciate. 
*84-4211 or 751 9943 
PIONEER REALTY_____ 

BANDERA 
1 mi. south of town, I ac en a hill asking, $2,49$, w ill consider offers 
BIM 
Hughes. 
Broker, 
342-l*8t_____________ 
Beautiful brick tieme on 2 acre corner lot Tee many live oak trees to count Living room, din­ ing room tomily room with fire­ place, large kitchen, I bedrooms. 
2 full baths, approx 227o sq It Hy­ ing area plus $7* sa ft garage and utility room PAUL HOW ELL 
REAL ESTATES, t i l W Ooh lawn, 
Pleasanton. 
Tx 
1*9-217$, 
5*9 24o8 

CONNALLY 
R EA L ESTATE INC 
SMALL ACREAGE TRACTS 
$ TO 28 ACRES HILL COUNTRY 
LAND 
EASY 
TERMSLOW 
DOWN 
PAYMENT 
NEAR CANYON LAKE. Priced 
$1595 to $1995 per acre. >99-2*tt or 
899 78**<home) 

C e n t u r y 2 1 
NORRIS REALTY______ 
SOUTH: I bedroom. 2 bath. All masonry $58,8o8 *2* I >44_______ 

SOUTHEAST laVernia School District I acres. 
Only <1o8 down and easy terms 
M E O REAL ESTATE, 92/ 7441 

UPPER LAKE PLACID 
SEOUIN-MCOUEENY AREA 
125 Ft. Beautiful Waterfront 
Big tomily home a rid-or home and income High location, many ex­ tras. Private area. Low $4o's. 
7 J* oo15. 496-8417. 499-o811 
BEULAH MAE KELLER 
Realtor 

WANT COASTAL PROPERTY 
Aransas Pass or Pert Aransas 
DOUOLAS ANDERSON 
8o1 Cording____________ / l l - 11*2 

Eater f raat lets 
Oak Ridge Estates en Lake LBJ. 
Lots starting at $5,8oo. about 7 miles from Marble Falls oft 281 
Owner will finance, camping en fats permissable For Into. Call 
15)1 598 5315 or 598 288o 
Water Front Let, Southside Can von Loke. magnificent view. Si SOO cash. By owner, 1-625-4581 
Wooded takefrent residential fat with complete recreational tacili ties in Woodcreek Resort. Cen tact 
Owner at 
42* 2129 oi 
M M M 

I? ACRES ae with this 4o88 sa ft 4-2'» home. 
Large den, I rock fireplace*, office, study, etc Excellent tone mg No reu ,o'iofcie offer refused. 
Must soh by AprU IS. 
Land Locators al Texas 
S A *6/1154, *4/131) 

5.3 ACRES 
HILL COUNTRY VIEW 
Rancher wonts to sell near Twin 
Sisters, $3/18 with owner ttnanc i ma. 
N B G 
REAL 
ESTATE. 
822 121* 

RED CARPET 
NICE I utrdreems. appliances. 
16 ACRES 

AMERICANA 

Hwy 4* frontage, holt way between Boerne and Hwy ISI 
Owner must sell fast, is buying 
694-/428SLATER REALTY3*4-893 | other property Make an ofter on f t r r w w fte b r r a r ^ m T T e T tora Oak covered I* acres with trot air. stove $2o8 down private lank in toe middtd. Call 
*9* /428SLAT E R H FALT V 144 891 
LoMunyen NBO. INC 

5(o8 down May payment 
ATER H H H 

Close ie Kelly, l-t-1, control air, appliances, tenced, carpel wail lo wall. Firs! lime listed First payment May. $21/ 
♦'♦..l h * 
«.fef SM* m a lt 
3 BEDROOMS 
2 baths. 2 blk* eft Military Or. VA i ar CRV ovaitaate 
344-62*8 
141 AM* 
921-S844 

 a il lt SicrnMatt* la rg e I bedroom Seegrafa i mg 
I ‘ i beths 
344 1471, MI-198 

 dm eft West Ave 
I BRENNER CO 

SAN A N GELO 
Id Los Angel*? Hats 11-1 witn screened parch, tow eaurtv As­ sume 1*8* monthly 

All Brick, boreal*, na down to anyone 
4-1-1, low closing. 
Dellcrest 
LEONARD, REALTORS 
_________ a i m 
! 
A WINNER 
This $11 is new am toe market se toke e leek! Cathedral ceiling large den with ftregidce end gar geeus new carpel For moi dining ar living Snotty end essume 
Si* 988 Niles 82* /*** 
Day rn tote *$$ *8*8 
Hi HHiWfcnI M 
I ft ii-TAf#ti 
Morton diutliwBS! wilily 
Boreen* I bedroom, I beth. fami­ ly room, carpeted. Dellcrest Ne down Ie anyone 
LEONARD. REALTORS 
»1 Mkt 
H i ..UU 
) OOdream I baths near I Pre sa St Teres# Academy e ll 8781, 
21* (848 A M I* IC AN REALTY a lc IO M I LOW EQUITY 
I aedreem. 2 nato. deubte oarage, located in Lakeside, this wen I fast' Nile* *$* /* * / 

 van Sana I Assoc 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
14 7171 
6*4 $89* ~ li * >#•» 
HAP RESER *83 *181 Any torn 
*84 7171 
*94 $894 
344 188* 
It! IAN ANSI CV 
OFF dc ANCO 
Redecorated w id e end eat I Ba 

» *> ♦ '» knygme hr owner lovely I bedroom far ly carnate*, living dining rggm. kitchen, powered, eatra clean and many e etra *! H is , H I 

CONNALLY 
BEAL ESTATE IMC. b e h in d VALLEY HI MALL- I bedrooms, I baths. S784 dawn 
»9s /428SLATER RE A LTY !** ♦») 
BELLAIRE BEAUTIFUL I NS- 
OROOM HO M E, com pletely redecorated Owner am igos, priced fa stol fast 
HUGHES A BRISCOE 
914-4111 
REALTORS 
113 91S8 
BY OWNER 
BEAUTIFULLY LANDSCAPED, 
3 i i papered den, breakfast bar. spill level living dining grog, cglhgdrgl ceiling, skylight, gn- lr el cg tour Ivor d. extra igrge severed polio privacy lone* gn small Cal Do Sac in Adams Huts, near Lackland Kady and sennets, 

 dy owner I bedroom, t bath In 
VALLEY HIGH NORTH Central heat air. Norther** schools lew eaoity end essume payments et s i/l tm M H W ____________ 
C LEA N 
BUNGALOW 
I be­ drooms, stove $2*8 dewe Murry I t J i * L I YMS I* * 
C ON VE NE i n t la Kelly end 
Lackland Ne dew* baymen! ie anyone I bedroom noel air, ap­ erient et 
Payments lets man real 
RGR De PAOLO 
$12 USI 
REALTOR 

6 g r r W " W M " l I r Tarpel- one air unit. Lew equity, payments 
$121 me., $1$,888 or best offer 
Charles Waffs Real Estate 
712 2911. / JI $355, 228 9194 
— 
TNUmUj r t f t EB— his 1-12 home rn Heritage Farm i is cfaan and Priced lo sell Cell 
144 $577 to M I 421$ 
CRABTREE REALTY fM IIL IB DIN--------- 
First tim* on market1 Carpeted I bedroom cutey Ranee- rein ter afar, mony extras VA ne dawn, only $28.o*8 
BRIGHAM REALTY 471-14*1 
RAIBI g ffW L C lT fT w lH T c d r pet central air heat, pall* end I lanced yard, geed neighborhood 
471-21S2 

RED CARPET 
SPltCWOSB Y f Pcenlrdl heal air, range, covered patio SU* i me 7% interest, t i l 258 to best 
(iller Charles Wells Real Estate 
712 2911, t i l 5355, IM 9184 

2 STORY 
Large 3 bedroom with lets et trees, double garb**, comer let e*erex 1888 sa ti of living tree 
Range, refrigerator, J stereo* sheds Ne dawn to Vets and Active 
Duty $1/ 8*8 

Braker, 822-1234 
I 
K I I ' irT le n j'ero lunch 
Acres. Oft MWY It Completely fenced with gate, end stack pond 
o beautiful homesite with hill ; i country atm osphere. Phone I 
*84 3844 atter $ 38 PM 
J acres in flung O revt. paved frontage, utilities evaitobig. $/io8 
M M I# . 
I 

2 ACRES LAVERNIA 
AH utiMlies, 4 tracts en ' i ac ta 
1 828 844$ 
/I*-1 /** 
7M-4II7 j 
I 
WATSON A SON REALTORS 
18'i Acres, W mites east of Saw 
Antonie, on IH-18. $1$ 68o totdt- 
1 eau 
S -7: AM and |: - lt 
P M 
; 714-4417 _______ l l ) AIRES. J miles from ion An 
' terne, in Comal County, near ' 
Citole Creek, unimproved, Eedu 
Mal oaks, Elm*, *25o8 per acre, terms Bv Owner, I *25-4582 
GT T I f r T mTW ^ T o d R 4U near developing community Ne restriction* Plentiful water sup ply Beautiful oaks and elms 
: 7'r% financing available Price 
I negotiable depending en terms 
Contect awner 344 298) between 
4 /pm r a m 
" 

BEAUTIFUL VIEW 
Oak tree studded acre, 16 miles north et town Ha* water end electricity en wide paved reads 
Owner must sell auickly, little dawn w ill finance balance 
49/ 3/31 eves, 111 9355_______ 
Beautiful wooded proper* with frontage en both Waco Sp' '" us Rd and M ary P riest D rive l l 92 acres priced ti*.588 New Braun leis, T i phone Jim R u le *, 
1-423-7377. I *75 4885 
3 lfe b fc 6 6 M ~I T O acres Fireplace Located near 
B earn* 
BO ER NE 
RANCH 
I REALTY 224-7171, 

BOERNE AREA 
SOUTH OF BOERNE. I*' t acres,, tenced into 8 pastures, barns, stables, pent plus a 4-2 alder' ranch home Owner financed with excellent farms 

 l l ACRES in well established tub division en Sisterdaie Rd. 
Owner financed 

25 ACRES. 4 mile* east et Boerne, new fences, well end quod black soil 

A DOLL HOUSE Brick 3-2 with fireplace separate dining ream, all locale* en large earner lei. 
$19,588 

SPRING IS HERE! 
REALLY enioy it en two acres riverfront. Pecan and Cypress trees, pardon sail and lush grasses right down t* to* wide, cfaan and clear Guadalupe Close in North Robert Smith *98 7oS I, j 
464-4777. 
_______________ 

23o LOTS 
% Acre, Homesite. NS Schools, ne city taxes, w ater, e le c tricity! 
SE" -J!?*.*. 

Live Oak Co. All brush, good hunting. FM road frontage, some minerals. $19$ per acre. 
VESTIAND 
H H H H M A W t H B H H I 
**.IS ACRES, 16 MILES NORTH 
IN COMAL CO. 997.14 PT FRON­ 
TAGE ON US 711 NORTH MAY 
BE SUE-DIVIDED. $2568 ACRE 
*74-5777 - 344-1*33_____________ 
142 ACRES. 25 ml S Of S.A. Off 111. 
Geed hunting- deer, quail, dave 
DOV* cad 5*9-4483; Nights aller * 
5*9-2227.___________________ 

EDWARDS'* ANIM KE AL I Y 
Buy your Ion* from the natives 
PIPE CREEK, TX. *95-8486 
Farm and Ranch Listings Wanted 
SO Acres ar larger within *5 miles of San Antonio. Write full details and prices. 
E .D . G O ZA , R E A L T O R . 
*18 McCullough Ave., San Antorv io, 
Tex., 
227-81 OS, 
822-53oo. 
824-5*18. 
_______ 
Goon hunting ion acres, per acre, 5% down payment. 7*4% simple interest. Owner financed 
Call 734-79*4 

-$T59lo 

H I L L 
C O U N T R Y 

R A N C H 
Near Junction-97o Acres 
2 wells with concrete stock tanks. 
Good barns, corrals, fences, Lets of game Mile of paved read fron­ tage. Like new brick 3 BR, 2 bath, fireplace. 
$325 
PER 
ACRE 
TE RMS 
Philip D. Ward A Assoc 
Houston (713)62* 3o7) 

2 Story 4 bedroom, fireplace with heotolater, all etoct Blanco Ce. 
$4o,8o8 
Jim 
Ashley 
Realty 
118-7774________ ______________ 
Take up payments on % acre HW tor heme building. Weter, city utilities. Mr Fetter, *79-7729 ___ 
2 Ie * acres north 
M ob ile*, horses, ok. $58 down, $35.15 monthly ie years M ote* 341 i i i * 

I TO 5 ACRE TRACTS 
N W. S.A. near PM-471 and 1*84. well restricted, central water, paved streets, price* very com petitive 
Good term s 
LA- 
KECROPT 
BEAL 
ESTATE, 
W M H!______________________ I 
I Ie I Weeded Ac deed soil, N et 
S A Just outside Eexar Ce. 
493 9434 M Castle Realty 731 **67 
4 TR A CT!, 33 5 to SS S Acres, south Bexar Ce. 3 Tracts are od ! lemma and face en Lamm Rd. and IM-37 S, 8.1 mi S.W from toe inter section et FMI484 end IH-17. | 
Many trees, sandy loam sell. 
Near Braunig Lake. S i im. tram 
Lea* 418. 
Waltar P. Sckul/e Realty 
. j i m 
, a z / y 

 ll Acre in 418 en Medina River. about I m il* tram dam, water main to acre $38oo. Call Boerne l:(49 ?44S A llect)_____________ 

CHOICE KQMESITES 
Quietly secluded in Waedlaw. 
Hills Build now or held far ir vestment Terms available $3.81 to $*oo6 Paved streets All util- ties Near Schools and shopping 
Near Bandera Rd and Benrw 
Or For details coll Louis Flores. 
732 2241. 

UTSA PROFS 

AMASON REALTY 
1-1*9 8537 

 en ISI Se farms 924 

Ym i' out a ltify limits 
$>58* per acre, easy 
**** *23 1937 
C E N T U R Y 21 
Kelly Lockland Realty 
*74 1211 
* 9 
' i i i T C w r r to flrr 
I Iddreem sieve letng erato' 
I I I ! Near Kelly 
P usi daymen! in May MaOfame* Espanol 
*74AIM 
RAB Real Estate 

VALLEY HI left $M I elal 

 y-ktm n I RRM, R IM » » I | R 6 * I M 
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ H heed an butein* O d * »•> **> t a i l u od* equity aw ♦ od $j* 99*/ 
J*fd f g j y * 
O aile re si ell buck, ie . aer t«« 
BOR JONES. R iA L T J U i 
. J J foam *•« ,« ( ream family foam, breakfast area 
I I ONARD 

 i n 
I, ll TH ERDEI *16 M** IM 

IU M L 
REALTORS 
_____ 

 i n t N A N ' f t f lH IC C O TO * * • !»§■ h|, ms y kvw« d r*** E •*« # *** sd Near eyer* Rim *1 *94 El Pi 

REO CARPET 

B M I IBBBBi ^BBIBfT 
• rtftf 
***** ft**%* !*ft tftjftft 
<*««•« it 
I * ! • it* # * * * 
I IfN lt. !*»*# »»** •*< mm* 
Pu t i#t i m m ftjpR- 
B M CfaPAftoO sex IM I 
REAL IDR 

EXCELLENT CONDITION 

 l l fttxh E M ilK MEI a ISA 
IN 
VnMipi 
I I ’ * 4*«v 
Must se* to dp pres tote Bonny and assume $177 

1/1 ( I U 
Beanie Owens Ce 
REALTORS! Western 

Only one left $18 fatal move rn I bedrooms tenced $l$$ month 
First Payment May 
•74 8114 
RAE Real Estate v i i n m n r ’raS ir 
T O r dishwasher end tenced yard 
Edeity end essume $**/ per me 

NEAR BOERNE en paved read 
All in dress with ta te * oaks 
Fenced stack tank end stream 
Stable end weU Spacious, ettrac- live mobile heme 14 X *8, 3 be dream. 2 bath, turmsbed Suitable for year round living CBeic* bufidin* sight t i i etteal assume hun, Move rtaht tai 

OFF lit NORTH Comal County 
Fe vee read, resit ic hods. fdrtiMi hut*** Tree*, mer*claus view 

Con 4*4 i t l l 
Evenings 494 1189 

 r y " B y u i 8 i T 7 r i n T n r mne> southeast Lee* 418 en hieh^ov is 
Only I yeors did All Brick I * heme LAROE ROOME. Swim m in* peel 1-ttory metal barn 
Irrigation well end equipment 
Fishing pend Large oak end I hickory trees With 28 acres et ; coastal Deer, audit, end dove i eau 
924 *571 to I 742 1898 far 
OBRdRllHSdbi. 
I iv owner, I# acres, cbmntotely tenced, dee* well, I bedroom 
Mobile Hem* with 1**24 Florida 
Ream. storage bldg., Ram. hey shed en 
County 
Rd 
$J*,S88 
I SIS *1*1 i V T W/Wi r - f erly- Y ezos GyU house en Guadalupe River, in 
Seeum. I bedroom, I bath with ever *88Sq Pl et perches Im- : proved water tram Price Nape 
I BORN I 179-4171 j 
CaN us efcuul ear close in rural ar uberties 2 888 Acre* 
Sell! A Assuc Realtors 82* 2185 

CLOSE IM ACREAGE 
IS Acre Tracts, owner c arry 
14,8*8 fa 11,888 oak trees 
Va* la m I Assoc 
•84 /171 
*99 8844 
*54 *484 
( 6 J ffTu 
1 In BUU 
LAY Owner 1-1, 14*28 living O' ceilings, convertible attic, own water l ‘i acres I 42k ISSI 

COUNTRY ESTATE beautiful custom buri! ham* pius 
9 acres N N N MMI cress lanced 
Stock tend* and creeks. Many ether outstanding features Just minutes North ut aly Details cod tat 41/7. betes SM-lit* 
EHL SOD f HE RN R ln i 

Just what you need to come heme to Twenty tour acres within easy commuting distance, secluded Rut geed access Two bedroom heme with two fireplaces tues! house, sofar heated iwimrmne peel, barn and pens 
A.C. Sctiw ethelm A Assoc ti Fn 
78811 or K ill 99$ 21*1 

 tot Street, Comfort, Texas! sa m I op M 
Telephone 
(S II) 888-1111 

Commercial lets, all sites, else a tew commercial ou i imys 
734 5414 C P KOSUB 141-8141 

INSPIRATION HILLS ^ ideal lot far your home. High elevation with a beautiful view of, the city Far details end vie win*.' eau M i 4115 ANYTIME 
WORLD KIBE REALTY 
Large wiHiUvd corner fat. Garden 
Ridge *55 3X44 offer 5pm 

MOUNTAINS* ACRES 
Eeautitul ' i acre resfaential let in scenic Meuntainview Acres att 
Culture lust beyond toe great 
Northwest subdivision Per de faits and viewing, eau 454-1644 
ANYTIME 
WORLD RUDE REALTY 
412/ MT LAUREL AVaTTfa W 
Laurel sub Off Wurcbach and 
IH I* West, t i Kent It with eaved alley near Turtle Creek CC- Med 
Center, USAA. $11,5oo Terms 
! *94-44*5 Men- P rier 14I-S444deny 

15o acres near Smiley. Gonzales 
County. $*8o per acre Old well oil in pasture Fronts en Hwy 17 farms available. 924-811*. Mtes 
1-587 112* 
HYATT REAL ESTATE 
2o ACRES. MOO per acre, 4 miles 
MF Af HAflXn 
74 ACRES, $758 per acre. * miles 
NE et Mondo 
195 ACRES, S/8* Per acre, 4 mites 
NW et Castroville 
151 ACRES. $7o8 per acre. S miles west et Monde 
*71 ACRES, SHS per acre, 14 miles north et Hondo 
8* ACRES. $1,oo8 per acre, * miles SW et Castroville 
141 ACRES, $45o aer acre. l l miles north of Sabinal 
JOO ACRES. SS5o par aer*, I miles north OI Knippa 
4,155 ACRES. SIS* per ocre. l l mites north el Sobmal. I 'i mi et 
Satonai River, 4 wells, excellent hunting 
CLAUDE SCHUEHLE REALTY 
U lt UTH STREET 
HONDO. TX. 
788*1 
Stl-424-2412 
St 2-424-251o 
MEMBER TPRA_______ 
IS ACRES 
Railroad frontage, 4 miles south et Leap 41o en Soutofan Rd $2,o88 per acre. *55-7711 
TANGLEWOOD REALTY 
9o ACRES south et San Antonio 
Highly tmpreved. 
ROSE 
DAY m m ± _____________ 

1571 A cres South Tx 
Webb County between Freer and 
Laredo Good fences I tanks 
, 'locked Bullit- grass abundance. 
Deer. Quail, hots. Jay Olina, loins bi* ranches Mobil* beme, elec­ tricity. $!*$ acre Prtncieals only 
Financing set up, Buyer assume net*. Owner SIJ-2*1-1*11, Austin 

HIU COUNTRY BEAUTIES 
*o acres, hills, spring fad tank 
78 ocres Oak covered hills 
8o acres large oaks 
7o ocrts cabin, hills, and oaks 
285 ocrts of park Uke hills, cabin, tenced ond cross-fenced, well, serin* fed tank, IO min North. 
Owner will sell alt or part ar toad* 
JERRY WAGNON A ASSOC. 
828 3381 
344-7719 Niles 
5 h il l £ 6b H tfe V A cK Tr T iT s down payment, $34.89 par me 
Beautiful views, good Noes. 7%% simple interest Call 734-7944. 

HILL COUNTRY SHOWPLACE 
4o* Acres near Buchanan Lake, excellent improvements Lovely 3 yr. eld stone heme. 3 bedroom. 1 bath, den. she* 2 Barns, grainer fas, new fences, % mile north San 
Gabriel River. ISS paper shell pecan trees, 5 spring fed pends stocked, deer, quail, dave, turkey 
TRS acres improved grasses, *< m ile highway frontage 
$395,ooo oo. owner financing or can take cash E arl Eastman 
Broker. 1 454-*4* 4, 1-454-18oo. 

H ILLX 6oM TK V IA M V6M L IT 
21 acres en Hwy 2*71 near S A. and New Braunfels overlooking lakg. Lets of gam e, ne cress fences between large ranches, spring-fed lank, geed trees end grass Wator-electricitv a voila blo 
W ill finance ar divide 
494 2727, 494 1911 i n t r 
H E A R 
KERRVILLE 
* bedroom. 2 both. 'ode* Tennis court 
On 2$ ocres or more 
HOO ,oo8 1-844-1471 

HUNTERS PARADISE i 135 ocre ranch 2 mob,Ie homes 
Highway Frontage Priced to sell 
{$3*5 per acre O ther listings available from small la large 
E J 
Hoper' Schuwe Real Estate, 
'7634 S 
M ain. 
U vald e, Tx,, 
51/ 278-497o. Hiles 278-311* 
KARNES 
AND 
W iO S K 
COUNTY 
AH within 58 miles et 416. 
438 acres. Would sell St acre 
; tract 4 teaks Coastal $$7$ 
IOO acres Choice. Tanks and well 
Paved road $*5o 
-i:"::_____■ 
- — — —■ 38 ocres E xcellent homesite 
591 ACRES- 2 water wells, 2 tanks, : Paved read se SO f * — ft** i 2 ere lei in nice eoontrv fawn avowable plus oil production $46C | supe per acre. tot ACRES, teed water, tank, oak trees, small house. $35o per acre owner financed 
Nek Yninfl Rial Estate 
Karnes City, Texas 
1-/88-2*88 

WINDWOOD B S TA TE f7Choice location lh acres 1*9-211*, 

2 ? 8 - w 
» i « n i i i i i 
A Beuufilul 
CANYON LAKE 
OHILLSIDB LOT BEAUTIFUL I 
View $14*8 Easy Terms 
•Large Let Trees Near Lake 
And beet ram* Easy Terms 

C o p t. E . Jones 

_________ 923-6211 
IS acres et Canyon Lake en 
Paved reed with view Owner tin anc od 
Cad 
824-8421, 
141 7*83. 
818-8914___ 
I 
7'. ACREs'CANVOtTlAKE 
On eaved read overlooking fake. tots et trees, geed dross. 
Water electricity available Nea< 
Turkey Cove Marine M S A side 
•I take Will divide or finance. 
4*4-1717, SBA 19lY. j 
CANYON LAKE -Fat sole b<-Ju-1 titui weeded level fat. u tilities , available EeasenaRle or wit) I trade fat fate model Fichu# truck { in geed conquian 7 ll 7782 

ONLY SI OO DOWN 
111 F A IR V IE W 
Zoned 
O ’’, 
Lard* Facto trees. $4$ month. 
1*82 LA MANDA, 
Corner. Zoned 
R”, 556 month 7% fairest 
415 W WILDWOOD • Zoned “B" 
$58 month, 7% infresf 
6/4 2118o R OQNZALE S ill 5»84 
4 W aterfront fats in Bandera 
Owner wiU finance 
Call 

JJgJMbmmmmammmmmmmaaamma 

5/ ACS, Trees, Coastal, Hunting cabin $79S oc Owner financed 
BobOf* Anderson, GREIN CAMP 
RELL REALTY. SA. 4SS-SI1I 
1 179 1434. 
A PLACE ON THE RIVER 
111 Acres close in southwest, some crooland. oceans, enks, deer Priced below market 
DEVAULT A Assoc 149 2477 
Property Marketing Ext hones 
Apt rex 2.8*8 acres in Zupqio 
County, well imareved, tots of tome, trem end*us Hunting 5256 acre 1-448-17*9 
BARGAINS 
I acres with I br ar earn Ie* cabin en private lake in B andera 
524,88o—4 Acres with new I be 
Groom frame hem* in Pipe Creek 
$27.58* f in s-«.f * £ M A B T Y r n * ie beautiful acres NIU Country 24 miles out Hwy ISI, nertb from 
Hwy 
1*84. 
Cell new information 
JOE CULLINAN, REALTOR 

Almes! new oil brick heme en 4 ocres Over 2888 sa ft $54,756 
KartakWa Beatty 2453151 

KARNES CO iso acre farm in area heovy ell, aas. uroninum production, well imareved, •anna. productive soil, terraced, deed water etectmity, aes. lei** ha no. aid house. 42 mites Son Antonio between Fails City-Hobson en FM read $*$* aer acre details eau 
Cheever Real Estate. 922-1148. 
*35-831* Ans sere *21-4211. 

 gi TTw c r e w y w T v --------- 
218 ac roach near K enaaiia 
Eeautitul pecan ballam with cy­ press line stream. $1288 par ac., exc owner financing, law dawn, auaiified Buyers only please 
T M Edwards *95 U lt, *81-187* 
Robert Cate *95 1978, *9$ 8174 
Kerry O 
T I 

231 IHftSIMHil mmvt 

58 ACRES 
Between IM I/. Miiiiui y Onve. and ; 
Led* 418, le t* than IS minutes from downtown 
Per sal* *r> trod* Contact Jeff Muter to Kent 
Micks. 
LANDMARK, REALTORS 
If F W II 
1 
I i a < x i $ sou Th e a i t j 
6*9 ft lr unto** to HitdeRiand Rd 
Terrific * * * r * c i* li* n potential 
15% dawn un* owner will carry 
8% net* W H*.i lutterly. Broket 

BOB JONES, REALTOR 
144-2141 
Ii beautiful HUI Country Acres 
$185 down payment $59 *4 per me Lets to aam#. Spectacular views 
Cad far appointment ll* . ’.***_______________________ 
3 BEDROOM BRICK en $ acres near Pip* Creek Is 
FANTASTIC vatu*! 
EDWARD S RANCH REALTY 
" I S * * 
L iiL li! * 

 acre exotic dam# 
Ronch axis doer. fallow aper, tiko deer, blackbuck antelope, men­ tion sneep Deer proof tone* $558 acre. good farms 
Oll|IBr»5tl-147 5849 
’ 
Kerrville is6 acre Ranch rolling far 'hilts with gushing springs Lake 
I with bath and catfish clear water 
Deer and turkty $554 per acre- interest only payments evadable 
Owner $12-14/ 584* 
LD CWffTSUKI IU Iv EM-------- 
HS Acres. $ mites west of Lion*, creek, several pends, 2 wells, deer, quail and fish Hunter's cabin. smoH barn with gens $$7$ per acre Owner haanced ar can toke cash Kart Basthurn-Rraker 
I-484-4*84, I 4$4 ISS# 

;J 2 * . 
C e n t u r y 2 1 
A r m s t r o n g C o 
EMI St lot Ski 

11 f ..M N IC H * BB a l TY a tt n i l r LTWWTmS& W n K m a J --I.* 
* ' • em heme in IR* Mills ***$ 
■ 
IK H i l l I H i l l I M e«n, y ai ode ted. I ) Anni nee ta* mr cBORRE wdsher dr ye* 
•echo"*, I sn lenient to st toto stodging t v afar eauify ami em* 7% nota. *74 I I I * git eM toy wends 8*o AGE NTS 

 r i f i n to w 1 U v w r o t o r « : r faut*, lite s • let Ii icily s it SM 
•tin i i ma dawn l f yrs at 8 «•« . 
89$ *98$ 68$ 2t#l 

A er**!*»*•*,888—Please coft us far to'fact .Hi.- melton' 
MI 4**1 
N H C *8 **1 5 4 »y* 1892 wk OM Cit FI OOO B t At TORS m m m n w n k k " ti rn 
V K i i i i t t f . ! # ) • • « « I A 
C $***»«** i -an •. ii# Sip 4 

CANYON LAKE BEAUTY! 
In tamarack Stores with tun fa he view New 14x76. tasteful!* tor I lushed. I Bedroom, 2 Bot* FMR 
Mobil* Home. en faro* tree stud , dud fat. caotfot toed Auf 12x12 sua 
Oath. i Mr tee i aim tout many ex 
K a* SubaivisMMi has excellent p m . ole pool. parks end boat iduncRiRf faculties Must se* to t 
UM' w a le A to 'to m ut 534 J#to 
DAY OH NI TE *85 *646 

HFHB I R B H J B l 
CANYON LAKE 
Lid* now, I bed* earn Route. v*e> araliad at s e a tM *! - p le n ty a t 
•aa* and shed* cadi wHR ramps and tennis als * l i t IE * J I 
MORRts i ny* i i i ! 

I Absulutoty beautiful, secluded $*• acre MUI Country ranch Creeks, lard* oaks. un* elms wad tame 
Only $39$ per acre. with terms , 
Bene* Market U t) 824 6 '$4 
U A C C is tn v N a lrti 
Fur tushed l l * l l eve st house darn. stew gens. awner carry 
1 
*28-4*41 
71*1 717*4 
*34 441! 
• I ' M H l t K W V I U ' O V I 
171 AC (M L I at O I lf * t <easter to m 64 os brush l i t f i j i 
7 J* 17*4 
47 $ 88)9 

I acre farm si*-, dewe payment 
1/4 per WSO I* r (.puled fa r rn fa n * id 
Texas Mutt Near htghway wen iv, rn iked Call far adddidtment » aaa 7M-MBR 

•BROKERS WELCOME* 
74 $ Acres near Feieel, $$9.*89 
Owner Carry Hwy trentao*. Mr 
Roil. 64* $4*4 after * a rn 
B UYING OE SEL L IN E LANK 
Centai I Lier line burke. Realtors 
814*1$I 
KEY GROUP 
X M WAHL REALTY 
Dead sale chon Farms Rent net t 176 $k9| I |78 i l l * 
Soto to. T i 

Monett Lumber Co 
(FARM A RANCH Realtors) 
"Oapenaabl* Since 19)5 
447 N 7a> la m *'a 432 7181 
TTF A l K6Tri 

COMAL CD 
I i Small lr* 
286 ACRES Small traatag# en 
G 'uupiube River far** sprmet send lack creek with numerous 
•ans. extremely rattan end scenn 
$*$6 per acre, lei l i t 
(7111 
$29 848» *8 1 8 4 1 1 ___________ 
I **$ Deeded acres, l l minutes 
Kern downtown S d en divided 
U t Hwy IM * irrigated toras rn 
< un • unto ar m coastal Bar mud* 
Brager iv higdiv improved with dead pale total tai devefaamaai 

 i$d acres dias toad lieu se. coastal end penult public water, 2 stock pends A steal at ess# per acre 

R E N F R O R E A L T Y 
*11 13*1 
*22-1721 alew B raunfels -H ill Country 
Preaert* School A Assoc Realty 
*47 
$ 
Sedum. 
N 
Braunfels 
41S-687E 
SJM PIR WK 
79 78 acres tract Leakey Aren 
H eavily weeded 
Geed hunting $256 down 
H id 17 nteathty Emery Janes 71* 46/7 
F O T T H f f TH----------- gam e* 16 acres en permanent spring fad creek 
E lf s erin * private net in a * * « * i* * m * a i 
Terms Jim tarter 814 4**8 
~ n « r t t i a « 6 $ ~ 

N* 7 
Land For AU Fur tote* 
| Eh*thtea*. /S ill 
$44 

Cha 
NEC 
I I I I i i 

 nereis t* be s t a r t red id liUSO Agn Service |6#4 bid* 
M d 
AAfbnw. 
Ti 

MMC! KALIK 
6*♦ agt* Bunchet r n l its 
I i i ui'evif tire s IS H ' K ind* 
Mea atom and voRbf. sto-Hitet* n e e assonant toto sight dee awd tai key IM M acre fin IM / 

Ta? FARWS APID RANCHES 

Auqged beauty, M orel trees and bluebonnets caver this 17* acre tract in Medina County t i mites 
*est a# Loon 41o. $1ooo per acre. 
Good area to sub-divide. oo4-o11*, 
;JJ7-4917 
H Y A TT H E AL ESTATE i f , SECTIONS S lii te x a s Hon 
Handle 
Don G 
C o c k re ll Co. 
Memphis, Tx 8o4 2S*-2*31. 

STOCKDALE no Acres, 3’ , miles North oft 123. 
4 bedroom, 2 'r bath. Pretty fair old house, barn, pens, aood ac­ cess 
For Sale and Finance by owner. M isfit de some tra d in e. 
SVS-COOS; 4o5-32o5. 
T f x i r w r 
— 
Lytle area 1o-15 Acre 
Tract. Wetl-pump-irrtgation 
227-o227 
Watson & Son 628-1262 

CQMmuibifti PROPERTY 
LEASE 

NO W LEASING 

N O R T H S ID E O FFICES, 
W A R E H O U S E , 
A N O IN D U S T R IA L SP A C E. 
P R IM E L O C A T IO N S 
CALL STEVE M ILLER 

6 9 o - o 3 o o 

R E N T A L S 
J C Z 

APARTMENTS? DRN r i 
, g g 

TEXAS VETS ll you tik e b ird h u n tin g an d horses, call us! We have several tracts in East Bexar County 
All have w a te r, e le c tr ic ity , ro a d frontage, east c en tral schools. and no city loxes. 
Dint Locators ol Tons 
S.A. 667-1154, 647-1333 
UPPER SABINAL HANYON 
145 acres-creek-dense woods 
J.K LE IG H TO N , REALTO RS 
Vonderpooi, 78885 
512-466-34oo 
Wont ta lease 266-7ooo acres pas- ture land for cattle Address full info ta G T. McAlpin, 528 S. Van­ diver, Son Antonio 782o*. 
' 
W ARRIOR SPRINGS 
Unspoiled HS acre hill country ranch near Pipe Creek Tx. Plenty of running spring w ater Site of old Indian campground Very un­ ique Will sell SO acres Jim Taylor 
824-48*8. 
■ 
WE iA k s ^ L l y o u r 
RANCH FA R M OR HOME 
IN THE H IL L CO UNTRY 
HOUSTON RANCH R E A L T Y 
Boerne, Tx 78oo6 
24* 2116 or 244-3314 
We h ove ih re e io u th T e x a s 
Ranchos, the largest of which is 
4ooo acres priced from $237.5o to 
5365.oo. P le n ty g am e on a ll ranches Shown by appointm ent only Gill and Hugo. Box 186. Oil ley, Tex 78o17 Phone 378-5S4S or 
*65 2681 
_______________ 
~wnaf type Ranch do you w ant’ 
RANCH M A R K E T 226-5184 
Rf. 3 Box 221, San Antonio, 78218 

G R E A T A M E R IC A 
C O M P A N Y S 

C o m m e rc ia l or 
In d u s tr ia l 
P rop erty Zone M, tor Lease in 
18ooth Block S Brazos, w ill im ­ prove for appropriate tenant Call 
Carlton Hagelsteln Jr. 223 6331. 
X C E L L E N T 

WILSON COUNTY 
Approximately 2o acres of fertile, sandy loam, old house. 2 hand dug wells, creek, paved road frontage 
J.M. Cullman, Realtor 
344-2341 
BOB JONES, REALTOR 

E X C E L L E N T Business location. 
2.ooo sqft 1o16 Cincinnati Ave 
Excellent retail or executive of- fice bldg .central heat-air. newly carpeted. 18oo sa ft..large p a rk ­ ing lot. Broadway and Ave B en trances 
Reasonable 824 1644 or 
828-4885_________________________ 
42o1 F redericksb urg Rd has of flee space and covered and un­ covered yard space tor leose. 
341-7133 
H b tT ^ S T U * E D CAR LOT in 
Town! $3oo per mo. Proven for 2o y e a rs -H u rry ! 35o2 Culebro Rd 
735-o*61, Niles 6*4-7777. 
LE'ASte 
4.56 A i R t i ---------- 
35oo S.E. M IL IT A R Y DR-222 1342 
----------------------C IA ? !---------------------- 
1o.ooo to 2o,ooo sa ft warehouse. 
Northeast. To be built. Will divide 
18oo sa ft office, northeast 
Will divide 
1o5o sq It s trip c e n te r space. 
Heavy traffic 35c 
JOE E T H E R ID G E , REALTO R 
656-7127 
Nile 656 7128 
Need sub leasee for 8.oio sa ti of retail space in Lone Oak Moll. *oo blk South WW White Rd in HEB shopping c en ter, all a ir cond 
Present leose exo. Dec. 1*78. IOC sq.ft 653-3773. 

B A B C O C K V I L L A A P t T 
) 

EFFICIENCIES, 
1 , 2 , 
3 
B E D R O O M I 

•APTS. 
Convenient living a t m o d e ra te * prices ranging from 
$ 1 5 5 . to 
$ 3 6 5 . i i 

Fully equipped. 2 Pools, Tennis C o u rts .! 

FUR N. O R U N F U R N . RATES. f 

I 
7 
3 
6 
- 3 
3 
2 
2 
| 

 rn APARmmrrs tmrni apa APABmmm iwnwn 

NORTHWOOD 
APARTMINTS 
FROM 

$ 1 8 6 . o $3 9 9 
OPEN 
Sat. IO a.m. to 5 pirn. 
Sun. I p.m. to 5 p.m. 
8 3 1 5 N . VANDIVER 
8 2 6 - 5 5 3 1 
OFF LOOP 41o N.E. 

HOME OF THE 
BIG OAKS 

NORTHSIDE 
Near San Francisco Steak House 
O ffic e -W a re h o u s e space. C all 
Sandy 
6*o-8**o, weekends 
342-2*34 

 n 6 *T H S IO E R E TA IL SPACE 
11,ooo sa ft bldg on busy street, 
*c sa. It ALSO 258o sa ft new store Jack Alter 342-41 SI 

234 - FBMS FOR (ENT 

IOO IE Far Mont) Rent 
Close-in 8o Ac in cultivation 
828-o645 
Watson 8, Son 
822 oo4o 
W a n t N T e 'a S e a c re a g e tor g ra z in g c a ttle . 
P le a s e c a ll 
734-244*, atter 6 p m and weekend 
512-755-442* 
236 * COMMERCIAL PROPERTY 
SALE 

Heed gpartm enht 
H e v e got 

 them — large or small — North 

 or south. S to IO, or 22 units, 

 whatever 

(om m etcial building with 3 units, 

 two units now rented Third unit 

 equipped tor grocery ond or hist 

 toed outlet 

Commercial building with aftorh 

 ed Hying quarters M eat location 

 en comer 
Grocery end curio 

 shop 

Other smoH shopping centers ond 

 business locations available 
D a y * , 3 4 9 - 4 3 4 3 
1126 ar 494-1381 
DEANIi 
OWENS CO. 
UA1ToR— MU 
Banco Rd. Oft 

Ar ik ★ 4 r H r ★ 
★ 
★ 
★ 
★ i i * * 
* S.6 BEAUTIFUL ACRES ON * 
J 
SAN ANTONIO RIVER 
* 

- 1*oo Ilk Frobandt Street 61o It. ^ 
^ fronting nver 
There is ne other J 

 tract this size or this r*>— w ' 

Northsitfg Warehouses 
2ooo sa. ti. and 28oo sq it with offices 
Low rent 
Jack 
Alter 
342 4151 
_______________ 
Office Space 7x1o. 51oo. electric bill paid. 826-S9o3 re rv E fe s o O ^ t . ------------ 
ARTS A CRAFTS M A R K ET is looking for more exciting shops. 
Such a t: stain glass, antiques, candy store, pottery studio, wine and cheese, and other types of unusual shop*. II you are in te r­ ested in leasing space, call 
227 *596_________________________ 
Small office Excellent Northside location. Id eal for accountant, attorney, etc. Heat and a ir fur dished 51oo per mo Inquire 42o 
Jackson K eller Rd (at San P e­ dro) 
BOB JONES, REALTORS, 
344-2341 

CARAVELLE 
APARTMENTS 
4848 GOLDFIELD 
F u r n i s h e d o r U n f u r n i s h e d 

1-2-3 B E D R O O M 
Single and Family sections, All bills pd. Light­ ed Swimming pools, party 
Windsor 
Park 
Mall. 
15 downtown San Antonio. 

6 (> I - 6 6 6 o 

O f f I I I V t. I Iii H i t t iliu m 

 room, 5 
Min. 
Min. heart of 

CMM CORPORATION 

The 
Courtyard/ 

2 A 3 Bedrm . 
Apts. 
All Electric 
Kitchen* 
Outside Storage. N S. Schools 

4 4 1 1 G ard e n d ale 
6 9 6 -4 8 9 2 

2, and 3 bedroom 
Apts. Furnished or Un­ furnished. 

11721 P arliam en t 
3 4 9 -3 1 4 9 

Q u ie t Hom e 
Style Living 

Eftic to 3 bdrm 
Townhouses with hrepiaces 
12 hor* plans 
Adult & Family Areas 

6 6 2 3 C a lla g h a n Rd. 
6 9 6 -3 2 9 o 

EFFICIENCIES 

1 - 2 - 3 B e d r o o m 
F la ts t o 

B e d r o o m T o w n h o u s e s 

3 8 1 5 P arkdale 
6 9 6 -3 4 9 9 

T H E G R E E K H O I S E 
1 Bedrm. Townhouses $185. 

7 2 o o S. Presa 
5 3 2 -7 3 8 9 

( J 
Uptmore 

L~~ I and Associates 

 r 
GREENBRIER APARTMENTS 
(Just off B roadw ay and Loop 4 1 o , C lote to 
Crown Tow or Bldg.) 
• LARGE I BEDROOM LUXURY APTS. 
• REASONABLE MOVING ALLOWANCE 

• Home like atmosphere • Party house 
• Pool • Adults only • Bills pd. 

• Also 2 bedroom apts. 
8535 GREENBRIER 
828 -4 2 o o 

SPACE FOR LEASE 
HELOTES SHOPPING C E N TE R 
ON BA ND ER A RD 
674-2181 or 4*5 3447 

 i (low 

T m tm a l frtct 
35< per tq ft 

J Tetirii. 
Meat tor club, porty 

* houM . doctor 5 clinic, religious 

JT organization, restaurant, etc 

J 
CARLOS SANCHEZ a. f x d w f v e A g e n * 
4 
2 2 2 -1 o 9 2 db db db i t ★ ★ i t A ★ W W db ★ 1 

J S iO ^ q ll. B u ild in g off I H iS ! 
North 5185 mo 655 oo87_________ 
5.oHo So F I com bination office- w arehouse space at 4o21 Naco 
Perrin. 18c Sq FL Rent nil or part. 
453-3773 
I i.bbi Sq.iM., reboil spore *o6 Blk 
S W W White Rd, HEB Shopping 
O r., a ll air cond w ill rent all or port I be a Sa Ft 653 3773________ 

TOP RETAIL SPACE 
In too areas. San Pedro 35c aer sq ft Gardendale 45c nee sq It Coll now Mciurine Alexander 341-*l*t, nites 824-7579 

Naylor Realty Inc 

WAREHOUSE SPIECE 
1,ooo sa. ft new masonry building far sale, near expressway, easy terms for strong buyer. 
*.ooo sa f t . Masonry building for lease, month to month or long term 
4,5oo sq ft building with 75o sq. ft of nice offices. Large fenced lot, near expressway. 
PEACOCK, R EALTOR S, 824-o511 . 
M 
T i '* U J m b R A d"o"oT~of F ~ e j space or small business. Long or short term lease 
♦24 42o* ALL R E A LT Y 
533 7*87 

 a s e 
. 
1 Bedroom $1 5o 
2 Bedroom $22o 
FURN.-UNFURN. 

Alt 
Utilities taxi, large play 

 grounds, lasketball Goal, Shuf­ 

 fle board, lighted tennis court, 3 

 lorge swimming pooh 
Near 

Irooks 
A f I , 
State 
Htspitol. 

Pecan Volley Golf Course 
Truly m a b a t* rental value in tow n. 
2715 losses 333-533o 

^ O u m n p M 
Y T i i A c-v: a eg irrnxt h t s v" 
* 

 e Mired Dim* dub lot'lines 
• Oyni und hee I Mime 
(losses 
• beauty Snot 
• Scone Whirlpool 
• tennis (oufts 3 pooh rn dost (tee fStt>q»i(Hof 
W IO Minutes •„ 
Downtown 

4o32 E. Southcross 

137-52 42 

 rate, 

 tops Good 

 ed le s trt 

M O TH S 
- 
38 
Units 

 lounge, party bad ond shoj 

 income leosonobty pncei 

 areo 
APARTMfNTS - ?S Units n ew Won 

 derland moll lock tonsfrurhan, 

 fully rented Swimming pool, faun 

 dry room ond cavated parking Pric­ 

 ed to sell 

74 Units n e e Lockland AFB 
M y 

 rented, luMy furnished laundry 

 rooms low down payment lo w cost 

 per unit High income 
TOWER VIEW INC. 
7 3 2 -6 1 5 7 

242 INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 
FOR SALE 

IN D U S TR IA L LOTS 
. Acre and 
UP, Zoned l-t ; fully developed 
V I P Park Easy forms 433-1489 

FURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 

F R O M 

*4 6 . 
W eekly 

* 1 6 3 K . Monthly 

S tu d io , 1 - 2 b e d r o o m * 

N O LEASf 

TENNIS COURT 

ADULT LIVING— NO PETS 

WARREN HOUSE 

3 2 2 2 N .W . Loo p 4 1 o 
‘ft* inf*r$4<tio*i of DtMrhwnt 
Bhd o4 CO BB rood 416*‘ 

3 4 2 -4 o 2 9 

T I M 
E ’ S A 
’ W 
A S T I N ’ ! 

Son Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— S atu rd ay M arch 12 1 9 7 7 
* 
Rage 
1 3-F 
— 
- 
-___________________________ a... . 
—-____- ___________ 

ASI__ __i 

APARTMENTSHHH 
GS 

TOWNHOUSE For LEASE 
Beautiful NE 3 bedroom. 2 bath, 
E X TR A large 125o tq ft big po tie. alt electric kitchen, $325. bills 
PC. 
A P A R TM EN TS U N L IM IT E D 

828-o681 
I 
Townhouses In Oak Hills, Lovely 
2 and 3 bdrms, 3 balconies. Smoll luxury cwnRtex, 341-1242 
Trinity a re ., I bedroom, 527 E 
Huisoche. $164: 732 4833 Oft 6 
VERY SPECIAL 
C ondom inium townhouse, 3 be­ d ro o m s, fa m ily ro o m , 3 f ir e ­ places, double fo rag e beautifully decorated Alamo Hats Schools 
For Appointment call 
Action Apt Locators, 824 2333 
VILLA G E OAKS APTS 
1-2 Bedrooms, ond EHiclences 
U T IL IT IE S PA ID 
8o11 N. New Brounfels 828-4242 
1o1 o* 15 W Magnolia 
A p artm en ts fro m 51oo and up- 
Near SAC convenient shopping. bus lines Coll 733 9oS? 

HOMES, DUPLEXES. 
UNFURNISHED 
488 H O U K , D I M O S . 
UNFURNISHED 

5o4 W Southcross G arage apl 
SSO. 
J.F 
Perry 
Jr, 
226-3512, 
H L ’J i l 
1*23 W. T ra v is , 4 room s, bus, 
'chew, ny Centeno 344 /9*5 

HOUSES, DUPLEXES 
FURNISHED 

Across Kelly, I bedroom, clean, private $82. Woter pd 435 *144 
April Isl, spacious 2 bdrm , pets, air, fenced, $135 
United, 735 *121, tee (SIS 3) 
3 bedroom, 2 bath. large den, air, fenced $25o 434 4448 
Corner tot, 2 bdrm, big yard for kiddies and fido, $125 
United, 735-»l21, tee 
48o11 
C o uples d e lig h t! C a rp e te d bdrm. dining, air, only SISO 
United, 73M121, fee (487 2) 
Duplex near Ft. Sam, I bedroom. 
I both fenced, water paid. $85 mo 
* 2 t m i 

CHOICE RENTALS 

UNFURNISHED HOMES 

1o5 NORWICK — 3 bedroom, 3 bolti. 4 car carport, U rn* don, wot bar. fo rm a l Nvki | 
CASTU MUS. MSO. 
Y FORIS* — 3 ba dream, dining, CAS 
I O 
T ar par aaa, contra* air 
HOUT WOOS 
PARK. _ 
OSIO BIAR CRUX 
— Infra cia aw 3 bxAr xxm, 2 Math, 2 car 

 r ^ T r t A O f f ARM' $375. 
----------- 
KA CI 
— 

4737 

SUTTON 
2W I c antral hoot A 

CASA MANAMA 
— 
3 
I car loire ddj and air. SURRA NORTH ARCA. 
$24o. 
4S1 
SA NO AL WOOD 
— 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, I car garage. 
Near mall* and bvt Dim . $325. 

FURNISHED I UNFURNISHED 

APARTMENTS 
MA RC UTT APTS. — Several I bedroom. 
I J M k | ^ ta rta r od 

3r?'p^dnm d laundry fecRHia*. from 
$17o. 
UtMMo* paid. 
Kirby, Taae* 
3o2 
W. 
MAGNOLIA 
— 
I bedroom, 
I bein furnished epuitniswf, air condition St OO. 
Water paid- 
228 NATAUN — I 

828-99o1 Anytime 

 t f o s o u r & k f i t o u 

 t i Al tots - se VIRES Of TRUST 
Et. Som 2 bdrm, CP, oir, fenced tor all, SI3o, call 
United, 735 *121, tee (47*1) 
- 
G arage apt, carpeted with bills pd, no dep, $*5 
United, 735 *121, tee (47* 3) 
H igland Pk. Southside, 4 room dup, child welcome, 826-2233. 
735* Meadow Breeze (SW ), 3 2, den. G arag e, c e n tra l a lr-h e a t, ' fence 5265 826-7*13_____________ 
North cent I bdrm, kids pets OK. air, bills pd, $12o, ne den 
United, 735 *121, tee (477 1) 
726 R E X F O R D , (M E ), 3-1, o ir, fence, 516o. 82* 7*13____________ 
So uth sid e 2-1, c a rp e t, la rg e fenced yard , shaded. $125 mo ptus deposit. 
I or 
2 children 
*33 26o8________________________ 
Special! Highlands I bdrm House, has garage, fenced, $7S 
United, 735 *121, fee (474 3) 
St M ary's special, I bdrm , bills pd, fenced tor pets, $115 i>_ J in itjd t m i* jj ^ ^ ^ 

CHOICE RENTALS 

I M 
DARTMOOR - 4 2 2, WOO 

 mo 
Central ok heat. stove, 

 dishwasher, garbage disposal, 

 water softener. 
J -story, fenced 

 yord. 

1 2 6 DARTMOOR - 4 2 2, S3oo 

 mo 
Centro! air heat, range, rofrlg.. garbage disposal, lim e d 

7 story, glassed in patio, full carpet 

1 2 2 2 CHURIMG - 3 2 Vt PP, S2So 

 mo 
Central air heal, sto ve,, 

 dishwasher, qorboge disposal, 

 carpet, burglar bors, phvory fe n ­ 

 ce. 7-story Townhome 

7 8 o 2 R IM U o A • 3 I CP, SITO 

 mo Central air heat. stove, ten 

 red yard Corner lot 

673 5o83 
342-4115 
653 o57o 
WORLD WIDE REALTY 

4o1 HOMES, DUPLEXES, 
UNFURNISHED 

CHOICE RENTALS 

5839 Castle Hunt 3 l l 

8747 Glen lark 4 2 I 

583o Castle Brook 3-2-1 

12571 Sandpiper 3 2 7 

122181o Charco 3-2-2 
Call 828-57o4 

 e n n u i 
B O I RODGERS, REALTORS 
81o7 Brood way 

*o27 FOREST SHADOW 
Den. fireplace 4-2-2. $33$ 
5518 KEYSTO NE 
Den with fireplace. 3 2 2. $325 

STO# LOOKING! Coll now for^j large selection of I and 4 bedroom homes to rent, leose with option to buy or own. Priced from $22o-565o mo. Call til 8 P M 
Executive Real Estate 824 5345 
Students M r bdrm , appl, air bills part pd, lust 515o 
United, 735 *121, tee (5o3-3) 

---------------- V f e R ^ L ' L ’ M iL L S ---------------- 
3 bedroom, 2 bath, cent heat-air. 
$275 mo Also, 3 bedroom. 2 bath. 
N E $235 mo 2 bedroom, I bath, cent heat-air. $185 mo 656-1234 
RED CARPET t b * N M « u * E ----------------- 
B eautiful living, c a re fre e , con veniently located 3-2-2 G arden potio to garage Fireplace 
THE G O LD E N K E Y 
Apartment Locators 828-573* t 6 w T ^ 6 'u s e T b ed ro o m s , i baths, carpet, washer dryer conn 
$25o. plus utilities 655-2625, IO to i noon, after * 3o eves j T 61 p L e X 
I bedroom range-, jr e tr ig . fen ced y a rd , w alk to 
'elem entary. 118 School, off Roo seven and Mitchell 585 ond SUO plus utilities 494 5814 otter 5 

' Try this! 3-2-CP, nos appl, corpte. air, heal, fenced. 5165 
I 
United, 735 9121, fee (484 3) 
I * ATH* VI£ A v a r i e t y o r ' r e fT 
T ALS priced from 5165 lo 52*5 mo 
Let our staH assist you in select­ ing a home that meets your needs and budget 
C e n tu ry 21 
D E LA N E Y R E A LTY 653-o55o 
WILHUIAE ttftiUdE------ 
Clean 3-2, central heal, unit air, built in stove, retrig. Fenced. NE, 
Lease *1*5. Owner agent, 826-64*7 

P o r k 
Village: 

V p a r t m r n l * 
V 

RIO / wa kit** 
WINOVJt 
A 

•A R I AA Ai I 

 ti ST NM A yt# 
I 
* • m u 
SUSS! 

I o ra litie s in the*? spacious g a rrie n a p a rtm e n ts w on I la st lr m g because d e m a n d is h ig h fo r: 

TA I M O S O N I* A lt K M \ l , l . 
M O R T H K A S T S C H O O L S 
I R I.LTL U \C C .L S S 

I* A lO I T I U T I ES 
IMLIX X T L P A T IO S 
P O O L S & P A R T X R O O M 

IK .'iO Has H u h D riv e 

6 . > ; t .7 .‘i o o 

W e’ll find yours, free. 

OMN 7 OAT* A M B o*g*ew w n ou bi io u* fix a * 

1121 M.W. LOOR 41o 
3 4 9 - 1 7 3 7 

OI R te I CORRRBPONOfMGR TO 
4183 rn OMITRAL IXPWY 
DAU AS, TIX 782o4 

 a a a a A A A A AW... Still renting1 
Own your own heme Some only 
SIO* down! No credit? No prob­ lem! *22-17o6, *73-4714. 474 75o* 
PAT M CVEY R E A L ESTATE 
A BIG 4 bedroom, 2 bath. fenced, central heot-gir. 5275 me. Call 
IN TE R S TA TE >28-o755 til 8 pm 
A Choice of 3-4 bedroom hemes to rent 
Lease w ith option to buy 
Own your home NOW! $1*o te 55oo mo. 
GASE BAKER R E A L T Y CO 
4*o-8*oo Eves 4*6 IMS. 342 7712 
KEY 6RDUP 

7223 MOSS CR EE K 
1-1-1 
73o2 PIPE SPRINGS 
S23o 

 i m 
5o1o ARBOR RID G E 
S23o 

3 7 
Townhouse 
SBO) DAN D U R Y E A 
U IS 

3-7-2 
1o71 H U EB NER RD 
S47o 

Mobile home on ' > acre. 7-2 plus 

414 ROOMS, UNFURNISHED 

ROOMS Clean, carpeted, newly rem odeled, on bus line 
N ear 3 colleges 733 7775 
_ 

4o1 APARTMENTS-TURN 

244 
INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY 

 s u i c r ? o o c M » TTT orwTTTToul fenced in yard. Colt 227-541; att. 4, 
534 1*71 

'I 34 acres zoned business ISS ft. frontage, odtacenf railroad, near active shop center, industrial 
MAC REAL ESTATE 121 2521 
A 
P i w m r r r mi i s m 
City limits en IH37 So $4oo down, no re s tric tio n s , eas y te rm s 
924 4664. 423-1*32 j 

~ BUILDERS INVESTORS 
4' i lorge. beautiful homesite lets j areas et fine homes 
J fronts on ! 
Guadalupe River, 2 near Country . 
Club and 2 gelt courses and river , privileges trees- all I2S.oo6 In­ vestor terms, or singles 
CARLOS ER AW N ER R E A LT Y 
J7***47 
SE G U IN 
TE X 
SOI E 
Kingsbury F O 
Box 1122 
Choice C o m m e rc ia l P ro p e rty , corner of San Pedro ond Fresno 
734 12o4 o m m erciol k l 

243 OFFICE SPACt FOR LEASE 

^ fc is iic iio u s O f f ic e i ^ A c l in growing N W sector Reasona hie rates 
Groater S A 
Butlers 

8*25 N X . IM IO 4*4 38oo 
--------- h lE IG H fi* --------------------------- 
I or 2 room o ffic t a v a ila b le 
R e a s o n a b le 
R L 
S te w a rt, I 7T ^ 3 ro o m —wo 

SHO Air 
I Bedroom, on San Pe­ dro, oner 6PM, 434-2171 

.A lK Y If* H'WV fe E ^ ie iE N C IE ^ 
Bills paid, S3S-537 wk 824-1*o8 
I b e d r 6 o m A P A R TM E N T 
NEAR LIVE OAK 657 3o3) 
2 Boxroom apt air. carpet. 51)6 
121 E Highland. 533 *725 
I bedroom, bill*, prt, 5135. I b its 
Trinity on bus 822-15o5 bedroom , dining room , living room, kitchen, wall to wall carpet, 
; off San Pedro bus. w ater paid 
I Adults only, no pets $*S 735 2334 | 

 mg Bargain^ 
586o S 
TTI 
32oo Sr P l co rn e r let, 
Flores. 
Owner will handle, 
♦23 4517 
6 6 J W T 6 W lT iU rs ------------ 
Corner et occess, good exposure, easy accessibility, shoe or oHice 
MAC REAL ESTATE 828 2521 

ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT 
Owner serrated tor ever 8 years includes business, realty and non realty items Inspect and buy tor 
557, OM 
Jim Wagner 244-2341, 42« 246o 
BOE JONES. REALTOR S 

828-1221 514o Broadway 
N E H T i f t PORT." B R O A D W A Y 
AREA ANO LOOP 41o For loose, sm all office, pan eled , u til pd 
Answering service avail, at addi­ tional cost For further info coll 
341-72*6 or 822 3o1o eves 
Office space. M i, Furnish' dTTrTT mediate occupancy, utilities paid. 
Gale C lark 
826-3251 
H e n ry 5 
Miller Co Realtors 
U U tan Pedro, MF s I 523o or os 
2 nice suites 5115-$!3o 7 34-42*6 s t W a L' 6 M i l * i d n r * 
! A V A ILA B LE at once in the beau titul Ronde Building Overlooking 
Turtle Creek Golf Course, near everything Severe! one-man el flees now open tor your mspoc lie n 
458. 488, and 145 sq ft. a v a ila b le 
R O H D E 
C O ., 
REALTORS. 
4138 
Gardendale. 
48* $311. 
C e n tra l tieo l a ir, 

Bedroom, 5145 nice carpe), Kir- niture, near Ft. Sam, 474-4213 
J 
BEDROOMS' 
DEW EY 
ADULTS 
No pelt SISO, 732 7738 722 1o82 
I to wall c a rp e l u pstairs. 5145 bills pd 
814 E 
Quincy, *22 7181 c W 
S o k J T is li W e o n lo u F -fT of 57oo San P e d ro ) a ir, pool, water paid J Bdrm turn 51*o I 
Bdrm 51o5 824 7*13 

I 

1 * 2 Bedroom 
Apl*. 

FU R N .* UNFURN. 

Family i Adult Sections 

2 Pools A Playground 

R e n ta ls s ta r tin g a t 
$185 

In c lu d in g U tilitie s 

PAINTERS M IU 
5 2o o BLANCO 
3 4 9 -2 2 2 2 

! • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
! 

J L A P L A Z A * 

M O T E L E fficiency A p artm ents and Rooms 
By D a y, W eek or 
M onth 
o12 *112, 
P E 4 -67*7, 
LE 2-8152, C A7-47o2, N e a r Pl 
Som TA2 1377 

Tow nhouse, lu x u rio u s , la rg e , dishwasher, pool, 1-2 bedrooms, utilities paid 
5231 
Blanco. 
341-4113.________________________ 
TV M O N ITO R E D SE C U R ITY 
G A R D EN PATIOS 
CLUB ROOMS 
G YM ANO SAUNAS 
12-3 BEDROOMS. 1-2 BATHS 
5185. to 5275 BILLS PA ID 
PARK TOWNE APTS. 
434-41*1 
2o11 BA ND ER A ROAD 
Between Hillcrest ond Callaghan 
W A N T E D 
Responsible Single 
Fem ale Room mote 
Northside 
Bor interview Coll t i t 8231______ 
1o2o W French Wall te-wall car pet, oir, couple, 5*5 73J USU 
, 
Mf SETTLE FOR LESS or ever pay 
W ILSH IRE APTS 
Block el FL Sam North Gate 

4o4 APART ME WTS UMFURM 

AAAAAA Home of your own can 
I be yours tor as limo as $2oo down and payments loss than rent No 
: Credit? No problem 
J * J RE ALTY 6/4 8883 Anytime 

ADULT LIVING 

M O N T DOOR BUS S H V K i 

1-BEDROOM, $17o. 

2-BEDRooM, S2oS. root, umrros ft) cio« to 
SMOfflNG Ct KTH MIO TOST 

Of PICI 
THE 

341-4621 

• I -2-3 Bedrooms 

• Single and fam ily 
Sections 

• fireplaces 

 e Tennis 

HS HW LOOP 41o 
Across From 
North Star Mall 

 r n 

 r n 

A H schools, I blk W oodridge 
H e m , 3-2, den. appliances, cen­ tral air, drapes $325 me. 828-1241; 
733-168o atter 5 3o pm 
Alam o Heights 
L arg e 2-2 2CP, electric kitchen, dishwasher, cen trot air heat. w asher-dryer con nee hon, storage space, wgter pd, ne pets $248 532 4852 
Atame Heights E x tra large du plex. excellent location. 3-2-2CP. electric kitchen, dishwasher, cen­ tra l a ir h ea t, c a rp e t, w ash er dryer connection, storage space. water pd, ne pets 
$325 me. 
532-4853.________________________ 

 family room $2oo with children. 
$185 no children 
C e n tu ry 21 
W H ITE H E AD -HO LIO AY 
3 4 1 7 m _____________ REALTORS 

Growing family? Try this 2 bdrm, has air. appl, carpet $14o 
United, 735 9121. tee (SOI12) 
Highland Park 2 bdrm, appl, oar age. storage, fenced, 515o 
United. 735 *121. tee (48* 2) 

416 ROOMS RUTH BOARD 

A N Y T S T ^m o I^o T tem cn r'T ^o o d meals daily. $16o rn.,. 735 2*4* 

HOMES - S2oo DOWN! 
MCVEY REAL ESTATE 
*22 17o4 

HOMES S2oo TOTAL e in. J and 4 bedrooms move rent* 
Anybody payment 
474-4124 

 can buy. 
Why 
May 

RAE Real Estate 

2-2 apartment, includes steve ond refrigerator, central neat and air 
Available March IS. SUO 684-4338. 
344 42o7 
D E A N IE OWENS REALTORS 
ARE YOU T IR E D OF RE N TING ? 
Then buy e heme Nettling down to anyone I or 4 bedrooms 
486742oSLATER REALTY6Q4 414 

HABITAT H * 9 9 9 9 9 9 » 9 
3815 WIST AVE. 
3 4 4 -7 7 2 o 

 d c 

311 Natalen. 5 rooms, bath, gar age. air. water pd No pets SISO 
333-3548. 
______________ 

A B E A U T IF U L WAY TO LIVE 
Large trees, covered terrace, 2 
Bedrooms I or 2 baths, large clo­ sets, available 
THE H E R ITA G E 
1543 Babcock al N W Loop 41o 
341 K W 

 o o a n r r » g i T a f f it r ware and lumber in M edina Lake area Owner will finance 
484-4211 or 751 **43 
P IO N E E R R E A LT Y 

S D f? o f I burglar alarm s, plenty parking 
 way 836 *8*1 
_______________ _ iOOO saW et e#ice spore located rn the Industrial section of 
San A n ton io en C o liseum Rd 
Ideal tor a com pany calling on manufacturers, wholesalers, food chains, etc 
Paid 
R 
Fife at 
M 6 7 tn 
_______ 
Warehouse and Office Space tor 
Lease 653-7723. m i OreST' A VE--------------- 
Office or retail space, suitable tor any type of business $175 mo 
B R EN NER CO 364 3471 

75? SEU OR EXCHANGE 
— m w a f l n r c v T 
H — o ld e r hom es, ap ts n e e d in g repairs. John B Becall. Broker 
♦M G u nte^B W tljl4783njl74Jrtij)^ 

754 
HOME O FFIC E 
B eau tifu l b rick home in a re a l location, portoct tor home office operation 3-3 2 office, ail paneled 
MAC R E A L ESTATE »28 2521 

RWY78 CORRIER 
36x 58 bldg «g< • shop location 
«28 o6*5 
7)6 1766 
534 4438 
WATSON A 5QN REALTORS 

HWY 87 EAST 
(R IG S B Y ), N *a r Loop 418. I tats and buitdinqs 
5588 down 
$125 rn unto 
674 222oGB 
G O N ZA LE S 828 5884 
I r a 6 u ptei. i#43S. Srdwy Pl SCHR. clean, tile, rew ired, ideal for bu amess or hying IU ,*5 8 271 1548 u a f t e i f f a r r TT?------------ 
7388 sa ft at 52* Kl per va ti IO parking sp u es E x tra nice, ready to move in 
JOE E T H E R IO O E . REALTOR 
SS* 7127 
Niles 456 /118 
------------ HUTTS? 
) units I eternal While eetumns 
Summer perches Easy rent 
MAC REAL ESTATE 818 TSH 

Olmos Club Property fo r titte re r es tic eh* reduce® due 
Ie illness, teu r a rra s plus, att m ath block Sen Padre Ave exits between Bess* Rd end Conteur e v e rie e e m e Olin es P e rk , near 
•u ti course end new f e y ideal tar Restaurant night dub. apis 
Motel, Etc 
Best oner AHI Buy I re d O II *118 

< MO prime commercial proper tv near Breeks tiara I lore# mid lieu PUI peso bur Wines now id use es a u te p e ris s te re an e o u t* repair shop Geed price, excellent; term * lee ie/? 

?3o COMM!SCHU P tD M in n m 

 t V O H M lt W M H ktlllSl 
ANI) OI UCI SPAH 
AH s u e t ta m eet any need AH er«as a* I A A ■ nest Sebt* Cm ** m#* ta p Peep M f I b i d _____ i n r o i m e # I o f i f b t i * k me t i l te d 

REAL ESTATE WANTED 
F r!yo n ^ fr^ !^ ? o r^ *in 
•ake ever, Your house payment. 
836-6541. 
______________________ 

7 5 6 B 

M W ? 
HEAL ESTATE LOANS rro rr 
B T iO A N S T * ^ T r s M 
Irens Max I yrs Auy nates less mon I s, with discount 
A V Rodriguez A r e k e O I ^ * ^ M 

3 o ? ______ 

I I T O r o S x ^ S l M O W M r l mo water od 22o-8187 
I lo u n g y Living"* 
Near city 
With garden, fishing s e g t^ m jT U w jM ^ 

MOBIL! HOMES RENT 
TTT 

APARTMENTS FURN 
4o1__________ 
Adult* ^Y TTreaS Tu^ a i I bedroom s, oleo utilities I I I n u 

 edecoaJT 
Plus $21 

Adults SootHsidt 
S127 MO FURN b ran d new etedani efflu en ces. peel thug carpet, bid closets, fantastic kitc h en R obins Nest 
Apl 516 Hoi Wails B'*d 5118511 

APTS F U R N IS H E D 

S H S . 
P IT TIM A N RD AT IH I} 
THE F A I R D A L E 
66oo F A I R D A L E 
6*h IOO I 

APTS F U R N I S H E D 

D e s o rt Sands 4115 B ro a d w a y turn oir, 1-Bdrm $*5. I36-7H3 
Etftciencos. air. bus. shops 518 wk 5125 mo up Bills od Section 
I 534 3oo1, 434 *645_____________ 
Efficiencies ond I bedroom near 
Woodlawn Lake, carpel, air. ne children or pets, $*5 mo to $145 mo bills paid 735-8778 

•343 E. KING S HW Y • 
Near Trinity 
Air, guiet 4 lovely rooms, I bedroom, ample storage gorge Couple, no pets $115 water od 224-4.544 am 714 2714 pm 

E n fp y the g e n tle p ac e of the 
B o ard w a lk 
Spend your a fte r- I noons chatting with friends during a earn# et bridge Close to Won­ derland or C e n tral P a rk M all 
Catch a bus ie anywhere Join our community where all ages share the geed life 
1516 West Avenue 149 4181 j 
B u r r > Gilling o u ter Co 
_ 

FONTANA APTS 
NO LEASE R E Q U IR E D 
You can Poy your monthly rom in 
I, J or I payments Enioy color 
TV. roam , pool m aid-linen ser­ vice Alt bills od W E E K L Y rates o von to ti if 
1414 Fredericksburg Rd 71o-4444 

POR ONE OR T W # $15 
Bdls pd Efficiency, dep 
• mu jeu sr N«-or Ft Sam 3?> Cd* 
FR EE SERVIC E 
APARTMENT FINDERS 
82 W S I 
FREE SOUTHSIDE 
LOCATOR SERVICE 
E Ninon ce*. I t end I bedrooms. turn pf upturn I U l?88_________ 
S ill Furnished I Bedroom Apts. 
Air, Coll Any Gay ar Eves 7 JO 
A M. 
* P M 131-1881 
Purnishpd or unfurnished Mobile 
Heme I bedroom, $75 Pop. S U I 
- mo t me loose 421 1o57________ 
F U R N U N F U R N 
U tilitie s pd shoe . 2 peels. SUS UP Painters 
Min t m I Kin ce ie * m i 
___ 
Goodwin Apts 1187 Landing, con trot mr, 12 bedrooms. 5288 bitts 
OOM IQI 4113 
_______________ jo lte r son A rea E x cep tio n al 
I bedroom, completely redecerat rd re fu rn is h e d , b u t * closets. 
B a re g e 
C lose to sh o p p in g , c h u rc h e s , b u * 
R e fe re n c e s required No children, no pet* 
$175 + 5111 dep wdler pd 
Ape! 
My n u 
: 
LAROE I Bedroom Bills pa 51o8 bunderg tolloghon *51 1848 l a i t * I bedroom duplex, near bro ad w ay H ild e b ra n d , $ 1 7 *1 1 month f t * 15*1 or *15 *f)8 
26/ Lex m a io n . t bedroom ait cheatrie, bin perking buts bd 
*86 Across tram YM CA , Handy 
* » * i, « ♦ > ** « . 
-------------------— 

Near Ft 
Sam, I bedroom , nice clean, remodeled. $1o8 water pd 
Stop Podia, 6*6 372), 4*4-5221 
N ear F t 
Som, IO ! E le a n o r, I bdrm. aas-water od 
Site 
344 6488 

MHilTS ONLY 
226-3547 
I bedroom apis. historic K ina 
William 
Areo 
118 
Madison. 
__________________________ 

NEAR FT SAM 
Nice large I bedroom turn opt water pd 61oo 824-816*_______ 
Near McCreiess I bedroom, f .is, couples, $125 512 1188__________ 
NEAR SAC I bedroom apt 111 W 
Craig *;♦ 734 *825, 435 7873 ___ 
Near SAC. efficiency apt 5*1 54 plus bills M rs Watson, 62* slut 
Nice I bedroom apt 
Jefferson ared, adult*, ne pet*, rn A IV 
Nice ¥ Clean 
I bedroom, drapes, paneled c ar­ pet, oir storage area $128 Water paid only 
Lackland Kelly area 
♦ ll 1346 ac *27 2213_____________ 
NO LEASE R E Q U IR E D 
Near Ft Sam and downtown Et tic Aals Bills Boid. s i* per mo 
227-47o2 1*54 t Houston_______ 
Norm Central Location, E lm ira and McCullough and IM H Newly decorated Near bus, adults only 
No pets Unfurnished I bedroom 
Water od $125 with dep 4 Mo 
Lease 224-5381 atter 4 ond wee- kends, *94 8738_________________ 
NORTHEAST NO LEASE 
A ttr a c tiv e 
I b e d ro o m , dish 

ALL UTILITIES PO 
BROOKS M C C R E lE S S AREA 
Large I bedroom, unturn SU * 
I 
Lorge 2 bedroom unturn 62o5 
SO UTH PO R T A P A R TM ENTS 
-55o8 
5 
NEW 
BR AU N FE LS 
__________S II 1388 j. 
APT 
Upper Lower, reasonable.* couples, at pus stop. 732 OSIO 
BE A U TIP U L Tree House Apts in qarden Complex, near Bracken rid g e 
Pk 
T r in ity 
U and 
Downtown 
View al City 
Pool 
Laundry Modern and comtorta b l* 
M o n o s o r, 
M U L B E R R Y 
TE R R A C E APTS 
U IS E 
M ul i berry. 822 5*34 j 
I bedroom, bath. no children or pets SHM bills POW 712-423* ___ 
I bedroom efficiency, clean, per t e d cond 
*31 W 
H u is o c h e , 
Available 
2 15th 
73S-8416, 
I 8 3 6 » » . 
| 
1 bedroom 
68o K endall, apl 2. w a te r paid. 612o m o, dep osit 
: 715 164*. 634 I H I _______________ i 
2 Bedroom, living dining xilchon i com bination, heat a ir, re trig , 
I stove 6*8 Pius utilities SIS Dep 
*42 Texas Rear 734 57*1,71o-o211 
2 B e d ro o m s, fir e p la c e , o ir , 
I drapes carpel Newly decorated 

 l i l l / i d 
? 

Near 
Kelly-Lackland 
AFB 

 lim ited number of of t ic innc ms cmd 
I bedroom opts. N o w available 

SSoo 

MEDINA BASE ROAD 
674-7oo4 

TURTLE CREEK 

EFFICIENCIES- 
CABANAS 

Starting at $16o. 

All electric kitchen 

Outside storage 

8631 FAIRHAVEN 

696-451o 

ARM Y BLVD 
3 bedrooms, hrs! hoer duplex I 11 
BLOCKS from Ft Som Rent $12o 
455 3584. 455 2754 
REESE H E N R Y ,REALTOR 
Attractive south. 71. air, carpet. stove, retrig , tented yard water od $1*4 455-648*________________ 
AT 1127 W FR EN C H 
S IH m e. en busline near school. woter od B R E N N E R CO 344 3471 
I B D R . I B A T H , la rg e lan ced yord. near Lackland, schools ond shopping. 515o per m onth, s lo t deposit, 673-8882____________ ___ 
B e a u tifu l re e k house en ane weeded acre. Grey Forest. $38o mo 6*3 8888 ofter epm 

 b a b c o c k 

$ n o r t h 

APARTMENTS 
Free Utilities 
Country living m tho City 

I bedroom Apts now available 

6 milos north of lo o p 4 1 o on Babcock turn left cit Springtime 

6 5 4 3 S p rin g B ra n c h 

6 *3 o -1 A OO 

I m inute to IM -IO . 
Private adult and family sect ton. 
6 9 o - 1 7 o o 

 washer snog peel Bills pa SU * 
Bills pa t i t * 
M atu re persons ond up *2* Opp IO Min Pl Som 
711 7278 otter * p m _____________ 
121o E IS E N H A U E R oft H a rry 
Wuflboch 127 *1*5 

$145 
RA M d I v i n * 
• AN DE R A end I V t RS RO 
MtDOfcN M EA D O W 
SfSf W URZBACH 

♦ M 
M 
U 
A s t o r i a 
Ib te i SAMAHA it* «t»l 
PU RN ibM ftO U N ? y P N i* H * o 
S u n s h i n e 
H i I (U N SM INK 7*6 scil 

•LINDA APTS* 
233 HOW ARD i bib 
M e tre # 6 iiid h H o s p ita l 
Medico* P ieUsstunui Bide Bop lis t H o s p ita l a n a M a in bun k 
Lard* I ane 2 b e P o e im Admi* ne pals 

 r n r n 
/ 
L IV * A t T i r a FOH C B U ! 
GRODNO l i v e s D U P * 6 AKS f URN UR UMFUHN 
I KC * 11 * N I M A IN T I NANCb 
M IO N I ANO MIL CS A P I* 

X * i i _ i . . L o « l * * 1 1 9 1 3 i i * ! # ! • 
M um HeemnmN wonted bf shote 
I bed* OW** ddl P« ut 6*6 *187 

M i ie I m iu s t DOWN t O NN 
$6oo8 RN 8 * FIC l f NCV * 
S lit N I IM t i t 4T*t IT 
UHN i H I U l 

Oft C incinnati, la rg e 2 b ed rm , 
SU * Water gas eg 816 8884 
PAN AM A P AR TM EN TS 
56o7 B IE N V IL L E OR et* Weidner ru Modern I Bedroom, *511461 
PECAN VALLEY 

Gol! Club Apts. 
34SoE.SOUTHCROSS m o o n 
F riv o l, cottage storage, convell j tent Loop 41o and 281 
B ill* pd 
1 ! » H IS H !___________________ 
R O O M M A T E needed Ie sh a re apartm ent 144 l i t * ________ _____ 
I roams, bam. *71 waler pd bey 
QI I i; University 7 R 4 *3 t_______ 
South 
2 b ed ro o m lu rn a p l. I paneled living ream , w aler des 
PO t i t * f i t 71*7 j 
Spacious 2 and J bedrooms ideal tor young m an teds with a smell child The teardw otb offers I be brooms unturn Mr *7*o I pools club room pud laundry Close Ie 
Wonder Hind and Central Park 
1*1* West Avenue M f 47o) 
Barry Oiliingwdtor Ce 

SUNSET RIDGE APTS lo rg e I and 2 bear earn. 
FROM *144 (U N F U R N *127 581 
IU VANDE HHRCX 82* 2)o* 
OFF 6488 W M W BR A U N! I O 
IIM $ w 
M ilitary, turn. mobile 
B u ie , air, mditary. t i l * *11-8811 

I AUY HO 
MOBILE HOM! INC 
1*81 NOR TM PAN AM t i l m i 
M O Il P i l 8-4 

TENDED LOVING CARE 
Covered w a tt way tra m ear ie apl round* y ana mottoes at eg se you won t gel i t gashed target ream s se you wow I b a rk you* 
* inns 5*2 *11) l l * ll* * end see 
TMK K IN D I IG N AP T | l i f t Vance Jussive fo r 1 11 
: I hi ny cpn share a I bedf * * m apl r 
Mte BearPwalk Rn I I I ! each 
I eat stub teem and laundry tie s * ie 
Com* ai 
Pare and 
Wadder f a d 
•IM West Avenue *4* 4M3 
B orty k 'li'H y y y ly r Cg 

BELKNAP ARMS 
I BEDROOM, i l l * 
2 Bedroom, I 1 moth townhouse. ins 
U T IL IT IE S INCLUO EO 
A D U L T * O NLY 
DEPOSIT R E Q U IR E D 
735*4891 

AUSTIN ARABS APTS. 

233o AUSTIN HWY. 

 fUrntal Rates 
Starting from $151. 

All utilities pd 
HMN 

655 o421 

• 
• 
M 
M 
M 
! 

O 
WAKEFIELD STROUS! 
+ 

# 
APARTMENTS 
£ 

• de oily located ae bu elm* 
I, 2, end 3 bedroom*. IIM 

 ie 
MSO On lector across hem North Slat Mad 

15o6 W AItNtlO 

344-4558 

Clean I ream apl $45 me $48 dep water od Unturn Ne pets 
717 DELM AR . 534 4414 
........... 

CONVENIENCE 
Lee# 416 Von ce Jackson Rd 
P A R K LIK C GROUNDS 
2 BEDROOM $715 B IL L I PO 
PA RK DALE APTS 342 81*1 

FONTAINEBLEAU APTS 
123S E. M U L B E R R Y 
Luxury living at reasonable price 
Lsrpe beautiful efficiency ond I and 2 bedroom aals Large peat next door I* Pf la m and 2 bins tram Rrgcfcenndge Golf Course 
Seconds tram downtown, nun tram N o rth Sloe and W indsor 
Fork Mall l l * S ill 

GREENWICH VILLAGE 
ID E A L LOCATIO N 
I bedroom unturn t i l l 
I Redr dams. Unturn $215 
U T IL IT IE S PA ID l l * JACKSON K E LLE R 
M4 W I 
IF YOU Q U A L IF Y 

I br dr aam I Ruin I U ) S ift 
I Bedroom I Bath t u t $211 
I Bear earn 2 Bath $17* $26* ah uiti'lros Central Att end Meal, 
•roll 'aerator 
R elide 
Dispose!. 
Draperies. Tv Antenna. Slot ave 
Units and M ere Approxim ately 
Is Minute> h e m M illier y Bases 
♦ l« 8 4 u 
M U tggE d ydi A y 
PING W H I I AM Areg Two lux e ty I bear aam apis cogitable tis * t ***•» • 
O avd 
De .s i # 
I I I d i ll 

I i ASB W IT H O F H O N T o 
B U Y 
Cwan phd eel* a ewe I bad* earn beme I t I'lii ared 
SANTE X 
CO REALTORS 

S S ) U 4 * o 

LA BAND ER A APTS 
LU X U R Y 1 and 2 bedroom apis 
I IH R A N D IR A RO 4)1 J IH 

 live' i i rf in for less* 
GROUND L E V E L D U P L E X E S 
FU RN. OR U N FU R N 
E X C E LLE N T M A IN T E N A N C E 
H IG H LA N D H ILLS APTS v t f 
?.h r n * 
LIVING SPACES 
NOW AVAILABLE 
OLMOS TOWER 824 6661 
THE CHELSEA 824 8226 
CPK lor gppamlmont_____ 
U R TOWNHOUSE 
I b id icroms am. beal $i«8 Water ad P ali* I** El Mte 484 Ira Ne 
ESI* i i i 
Ti* ' t i l . 
MC CRELBSS AREA. S II* Ellis ad I Redr tem apt Carport Kerf 

*«£*>*■.* m i t t ; . w r« 
Near Pf Sam. tarp * 2 bedrooms fence. SM* Wafer PQ 818 4*16 
NE E D AN AFT CALL US 
TEXAS AFT LOCATORS 

NUR THS I AR SAN PEORO 
L u x u ry 2 b e d re tm 
I i b a th lownbbuse chi pet eipctnc fc.l then ufnii.es ad 1248 M O R R I* 
R IA L Tv 4_5*»8I8________________j 
N erlhw esl M id cen let ared 
I body aam with hr ggtfgg *88 sa ti tb rg b fe d All b lb c lric b ilc b e n 
V e ry b u tat s m a ll c o m p le x 
. m h w 
N 
11 
_______ 
DAK HU L l V ILLA G E 
Appt tm anis end *dw nht«tp s t»> 5 Vd ! * * ’ titti.u c ji 544 t i ie 
ON A MILL D v f R I DOO ING SAN 
I k lO h l F 
SF DE J bedroom I bare 
I a, et revered pkmt terr ex* 
IH S M ER I I AGR 
15*1 Babe asb at n o Leeg i l l 
M I I M I 

# 

I OR I bedroom Townhouses. b ills ad 
5 28o la S S I* n ew ly decorated No pets or children 
816-8787 or 814-478C 
_______ 
171* PLEASAN TON RO 
Southside I bedroom egis. cor gated, peel d e s * I* shopping, schools 
All bills ad 
SIS* mo 
*27 4881, 811 1383_______________ 

11 bedroom apt Stove, refrigero 
Mf- FN .jn 8 .1-8ff.g8S______ 
I bedroom, 7 baths townhouse, oddhances. central air hoot. to r- net, drapes *3*8 884 *o)4_______ 
I b e d ro o m , l r b a th , c e n tra l heal air, *2o8 ma. NE schools 4 bedroom, 2 bath, central heat air, 
SHO me 
C e n tu ry 2T 
M O N E Y S A V C R *R E A LTY 
I 
656 242o A N Y TIM E 
7 bedroom house, 1211 N Hamil ten St , SHO mo *58 dep days 
224 1571, nites 737 1326__________ 
SI 35 * SI 6o. 
BLANCO RD and BA5SE RD 
12 bedrooms Gas Water Pd. 
6831 HASILWOOO 142 1787 
Brine th* mother in low. I bdrm appt. fenced tor ah. $175 
United, 715 *121. fee (511 I) 
Brine the T rib e 1 I bdrm heuse, laundry connect. CF. fenced. H IS 
United, 715 *171 fee (475 I ) 
1 1 1. Camelot I. all kitchen ap I p h o n e s , c arp e t, covered and screened patio, storage building. fenced t i l * mo *5« *762_______ 
CAMB LOT ii 
4 bedrooms. 2 boths. 2 car garage. a real nice house Lease S388 me 
655-1584, 455 7754 
REESE H E NR Y REALTOR 

C A M E L O T ll. Lovely I T, $2/5 
Month 122 184) m f T i w e n --------------- 
Luxury duplex, ) < -l electric kit­ chen. utility room, large storage area. 5125 water ad Yord main tamed 
*88 847* 
After 
7pm 
6»* 7**o 
____ 
Catch this J bdrm Jeff oreo appl 
I plenty af air, call 
H 
United. 735 *171,1o# <577 U H 

H T T T r m H 

 i M ttA d 'l jT A 'T r i bedroom 's."" baths, fa m ily , ap p lian ces, a ir. fenced In Woodlake Lease $275 l i t 6o31 i i i Imm ediate occupancy near 
Randolph and Pf Som, $125. mo 
661-5618 
I 
IN Pleasanton, Yx 
I bedroom house 575 *24 2**6 
_______ 
I ocklond Terrace. I Bedroom. ! 
Bath. Carport, Enclosed Screen 
Patio. $17o Mo 474 8271 
L iftG E U f F e '#- $86----------- 
7-BEDROOM HOUSE, $11$ 
JE R R Y SM ITH , 884 3855 
I 
LEASE tondo. northwest i i i i, 
$158 mo No pets M f *271 after 
SPM. 
L i t t r S 
T T A L t fcy ow ner lfOOSq Pf . Condo I m o i old. 
1-2-' i-2, 7 living areas, fireplace, excellent storage private patio, double europe with ooener $75oo 
: ond assume 518,*oo note or Lease 
: $45o per Mo , *1o* Vance Jackson 
No 31 APD 1573 
Loon V a lle y , o x e c u tiv *. i i i, 
I brick, fireplace, extras, SIS* 
United. 735 *121, tee (4*4 1) 
3-1-T, im o ifd in Dei-i Run Range. 
I retriperator. and drapes included 
$248 mo *84 433o 344 42o7 
D E A N IE O W E N * R E A L T ORS 
M acArthur 26o? Knight Pobin 
3 2 2. carpet, no pets. $1*5 
144 714o Watson A Sen 828 88*5 
**o blo 
$45 Dep 41t Eleanor 
341-8)34 
M 
M odern I bdrm , boil) 
| reefer, oir, extras, coll 
United, 735 *121, fee (483 I) I 

 ms, pTut 

C e n tra l w eeFker i b lim has peel. bids pats OK. fenced t i l * 
United. 715 *121 tee (477 2) 
471* Cheddar I i den nice 
$758 
187 Ballard 3-1 Sec I . . . . . 
$1*1 
BARNE BE Y AGENCY 
?!Fy view 

MONTE VISTA 
I bedroom I' j bath I story Ap ; pliances and window units Ga rape with quarters 128 *471 
S tra p p e r N e ls o n Rectify 
Move rn n ow tie d.»p, no lease, \ bdrm cottage, fenced, SSO 
United, 715 *121. tee ($38 1) 
Near Pf Sam, J bedroom I bolk fenced $55 828 2722 
Near k l Sam, 3-l-V! separate dm mg, 141-482*. 142 1847 ti g i f t 1ft L l SH b ed ro o m " leon* private, bus $4* 415 *144 * 7 
M eeTr i T T n t h i i I w : cia re ef in liv in g m a s te r bed rg em . ap pi'<jn tes, fenced 47) 1458 i i near lA # M , large fenced v e r t washer dryer connections, car peted. built-ins. $15o mo 412 855* 
N e o r W o n d e rla n d l l , t i l l adults no pets 71$ 7*81 141 2811 
N E dean I bedroom home car patina, fenced yard $288 me 
ROSSI R E A LT Y 
4*4 7781 
NC W tW o lie m . I I I fenced $141 mo 4*4 21o7 atter 4 18 wkdys 
ST rf'to w n h o u se rn The 6 l*n , 
I carpeted, air. corner lei. patio, appliances, etc neor RAFB ond 
R * oW 124o *68 4268 
Now luxury b ric k , 4-1-3, n o ifk west, close to 41o. carpet, drapes privacy fence trees, washer ond dryer connections Lease SISO per mo 42 1 also available rn » boys 
Call 681 1o7) *58 4188 
^ b 
7 

 i f" T "I I 
S lfC n s' TJTi carpet, drapes S2t8 
United. 71$ 8121 tee (487 I) 
Clean i i house 

N # W iow n houseluT "-u i, droom. 2 7' i bath. Northeast Call 
M a r* 814 8171 
__________ _ 
181 4455 Nice 4 I C entral heal 
F rlv o le fence Big tot Section 8 dualities 
22* 1*1* *r *27 7o24 keel 

 elderly couple no children, SISO me 455 1148 i . . - . . 
,.......... 
Clean, uniurn j boxroom house 
$148 mo couple enty pp pats 
712 88*4 r n " 

Nice 4-i. Cen trot heel 
P rivate fence Big lot Section I qualities 
21* 181* or *27 7824 montk 
IH S a wafer appliances. 684 484) 
I O 
T 
I I b 

 h sroro^^fSra * 
French deers, ta rp * baaed win dows, b e a u lifu flv lendscapod. tennis courts, heated peat, vary air vat* 
S A A P A R TM E N T LOCATORS 
__________Ii? rn.'__________ 
RECENCY HOUST 
I ANO I b ed ro o m e e ls . p res 
('piously located en H a rry W uri- bdch across from FT SAM Gelt 
Course 
F ro m $726 , b ills pd 
*24 2861, 824 2)86. >18 P I I 
1 Roam Apl For Rent 
_______siu r n ______ 
S E C U R I T Y 
PLUS 
Apts. ot Distinction 
Efficiencies 
I end 2 bedrooms 
Furnished and Unfurnished 
TH E V IL L A FO N TA N A 
I2i HR ACHE NR IDCC AVE 
(OPP 2788 BROADW AY I 

 r n - m i 

THT TAHITIAN 
2 bedroom I 8 a f* $288 
I Radrgem, I Rath 1588 se n tie * 
The ieco ti*e •$ S* conveniently roc ated a »ec end tamdv car is nai 

 club o r U lla g e s i t l l mo ♦ dep. option to buy 656 7672 
715 1S74 
T g H M M TH IU W F S f 'l I kl T 
Turtle Creek A rea, All new ap alienees I bedroom 2 both fully carpeted $158 monthly pius do# 
1418184 ar 142 o*11______________ 
Couples d< itg U I I bdrm has appl tented yard. $*8 wafer pa 
United. 716 f i l l . fee ($ 5 *1 ) 

 n ea r M e d ic a l 
Center 
Ranee, refrigerator and dishw asher included 
$188 mo 
6444118 144 42o7 
O EAN IE OWENS REALTORS 
N W I t' i C cen lro l oir7 form ol dining, appl. $288 
United, 71$ *1)1 fee 14*4 2) i * i m ”H *is " 
Im o il i b ed ro o m heme $58 Deposit 414 M 58 koio Arto oi *Q I bedroom, "i botk 
„ „ „ „ 
, home with alen gar ape 88U Lena bio fkis’ i o d l e l l K r m - cenlrol 
HUO preferred 416 6 m weather, PII appl, $2)6 
United, 7)$ f l i t , fee ($84 7) 
BO VOU WrWT i; renl~pr leas. with option Ie buy or awn your own home? *28o *6*4 me Cab 
IN TE R STA TE 821 87*6 HI I pm 
" m r 
Oupux, ii* 4 bee T e a * * wafer pd 88* Kings Hwy 712 *28* b-OF r e Y 
W n r r r ~i v H [ a 
ELE 
A P RIL 
Isl 
*24* 
MO 
I 4M 7418 i r e n w v g " T p y o * v con dominium far leas# Custom tea lures, peel tennis fireplace lo fpiiy equipped, trees, view of city I lf# E li) 

PARK VILLAGE l l CP . fe n c e d , steve and re lr.aerator *18* M O R R I* REAL 
TY, *54 841* 
Perfect J bdrm. C P 

Fastest 
Results in 
To w n 

Express-News 
Merchandise 
Mart 
Q u ality 
Items at 

Discount | 

Prices 
Call 

225-1666 

Regular Classified 
Rates 
(open or contract) 

Need 
Extra 
Cash? 
Sell! 
Sell! 
Sell! 

 in the 
Merchandise 
Mart 

Cell 
225-1666 
Express/News 

V i t h s io err appt, tost $1*5 
United 71$ *11! 
Prl v W 
T i f f 

OOO 

 fee 1641 11 

T ro S T 

126 V6oI 

ALL U T IL IT IE S PAlO 
o14* IM h * Vt N ih Wi %!•# AAM 
{81 EHI CHL BAF H i 8181 

T I IA IA APTS m) BROADWAY 
AN A PAR TM ENT 
Univ bxHipie bs ifs earn# 
I b l OR OOM *1*8 
• i i OR OOM lit* 

 u T I L I T l f S P B I O 

K H o o8 1 
I } ! Z I V ) 

C H U R C H IL L N I 
L iv e ly I be dream t beth lo m il, ream with hr apiece draperies and carpets cent heat pad pit Mony trees 771 
Sere»4tde tee* 
Guy Ctiipman Co 

1 1 1 S U I 
PomH* sited1 I hdt rn appl' p.r heat star age fenced I i 78 ynrted Ms n i l , lee ita l I) 

Ft Sam pig I bdrm, central heal 
•PPI fenced Mr ad t*8 
United H * e i j l tee t a i l ) 

SHOO OF Al 
) e«d» •urns bern* *e I l e f t el) 
Hdt* Eg* sate or tor tees* wife 

(D M F ASS a I Al. I t 
4*4 >88* 444 M U 

 tio I a vt. shed. fenced kids. SIM 
U nited /IS f i l l , toe (488 i i 
Red*! I kdrrn duplex. AreglacS, laundry canned, ne tease *12* 
Ubitdd, 71* T IU fee 1*88 1) 
Remodeled I bdrm, 'diaiiem ai eg. a real rent tar *288 
United 71**111 tee (4*6 I) a C W H r e 
W 
'RT H'BCT 
C besee NE Rent at* 
BUDDY UtCKER 
818 7161 1124 Autfw Hwy le n l egYUn ceuble small tgnuiy ta eniay nice clean fenced air 
I a m i t e e h e m * ap p lian ces rn eluded, convenient ta sours Park 
Matt Leek land and Kelly Only 
|I4 * pius 
OPP 
71*18) t 
Atter 

S 
E L LOTT 

N O W 

 fe e ro 'n L ! I yrs k i r n 
’n o r kids pets section 6 Ok *2*4 
United 7)5 f l i t tee 147) I) i W C b d T W T W rn T iTTFi*- u ip l 
CP das# Ie bus *i8d 
I 
United 7 1 * * l |l Me i4 *t ti 

 rte bar aga c*mp4*te«« t v deled ceatrgi hegt g« 
661 Set* fitter 

A n d it s eas y' Just ( to d ay and we lf p u t lo w co s t ckI in pf tm 

 l o t e x ile cast* sail 
Itta ! m o w e t . , now 

 pm agee da re l i i i W 
E * i mm appl ga rue* >•< 
Unwed M I l l 
C o ll 2 2 5 - 1 6 6 6 

Fogs 
14-F 
San Antonio EXPRE5S-NEWS— Saturday March 12 I 977 

/YOU HIT \ 
/ HIM WITH I 
I THE BALL I 
\R U B V !^ / 

L 
IT WAB AN ACCIDENT' 
MAYBE WE COULD JUST 
SAY WE FOUND HIS BOD* 
WASHED UP ON SHORE... 

THERE 5 Y WE COULD SAY 
NO WATER HE RAN INTO 
AROUND / THE BALL WITH 

Y 
~ 
1 'I 
I VE NEVER HE'S PROBABLY 
SEEN HIM 
A SOLDIER 
BEFORE 
\ RETURNING I 
HAVE YOU P M O CAMP... J 
~T£r sO -C _ l\1 
°T.>T— 
J•' 

I 

MUTT and JEFF 
F E S S 

[• WELL 6 ^ N .X 
, WENT AMP 
o /D /T ! 

 y o u G a r a 
M IN I-RUS 
FOR THE 
COMPANY/ 

AND WHILE I WAS AT lj 
I HAD TH EAA PAINT OUR 
NEW CORPORATE 
NAME ON IT / 

M EAN- 
WH/LE... m 

DOY/ MR. MILLER SURE ACTED 
FLUSTERED WH&N I OFFERED 
TO PAINT THE WINDOWS OF 
HIS HOUSE I X WONDER 
WHY? 

ANDY CAPP 
Jft. 

> 8 

GIL THORPE 
§ 
. 
E R N E S T F E N T O N .. .P LE A S E 
' R E P O R T TO COACH TH O R P 'S 
I 
O F F IC E IM M E D IA T E L Y / 

I ’M JUST POPPIN* INTO 
Ru s e 's T o So r r o w , 
SOME CHAIRS* P E T 

FOR THE PARTY 
WE'RE GIVIN*, 
WHAT ELSE =» 

W H A T 
FO R ? 

THE MORE CHAIRS YOU 
PROVINE/THE MORE FOLK 
WILL COME TO FILL T I 
YOU SHOULD KNOW JH i 

IT'S LIKE 
FEEOi n ' . 
PIGEONS 
ON STAGE 

€R N jie...D E TE C TIV E M ILE S 
RECEIVED AN ANJOlWMOUS 
RHOME CALL LAST ISI I © H T f 
THE C ALLER T O LD H IM THAT t h e r e W a s a c a c h e o f 
D R U S S IM VOUR LO C KER T 

 l l 

A LL WE FOUND 
WERE TH E S E TW O 
JO IM T 5.T ARE T H E / y o U R S / S O N ? 

‘...I'M AMAZED, POSER/ 
TALKING ABOUT ONE'S PROB­ 
LEM ACTUALLY DOES HELP/ 

GOOD. THEN 
KEEP IN MIND 
THAT Arty EAR 
IS AVAILABLE 
TO YOU AT 
ALL TIMES/ 

-S&s&fcfe. 
JUDGE PARKER 

JUST FINE, JUDGE/V [you HAD TWO CALLS THIS MORNING’ ^ 
A!?WHILE' ,N ANOTHER PART OF 
GOOD MORNING, CARLA.’ ) I THINK THAT ALL I 
IX ris L !:::? . T x T ™ THE COURt m o iKIf Ait., n.iur- „---------- 
HOW ARE YOU 
FEELING ? 

JUD G 
ALAN B 
PASKER 

NEEDED WAS A GOOD 
NIGHT'S REST? 

THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY WOULD 
LIKE TO TALK TO YOU BEFORE YOU 
GO TO COURT...IF YOU 
HAVE THE T IM E ..^ 

 t t _ 

 r3 

YES? BE 
SEATED. 
PLEA:_ 

HE'S 
WOUNDED 
PRETTY BAP B U T 
WE'LL SURVIVE 

W O W 'S TAM6LEFOOT/ 
F A T H E R z / 
X'V E S O T SO AAE S O O D 
M E W S 
A M D S O M E 
# A D 
M E W S 

B.C 

• MN GMMNNHWt eat 

Kisses 

I O L A M ^ 

V IR A VALI 

^you^Tioounwi m artin hag a lre a d y t & lp me 

SPIDER M A N r UhMt MHl k lf I I 

NEXT: ZN TH* HAMB OF LO HFt 
E - - y a 
- r - 

I ? ^ OTX ^ A R Y A DIRECTOR'S 
TO TAKE 
\ DREAM ie ACTORS WHO 
WO?K BY PUSHBUTTONS, 
BUT I DON'T EXPECT 
THAT TO HAPPEN IN THE 
NEAR 
FUTURE 

UNDUE 
ADVANTAGE 
OF IT / 

 r‘,SPJ!?£NWHILE' 
\ 
... UNDER 
I'M STUCK WITH THE \ 
THOSE 
HUMAN EQUATION, 
\ CONDITIONS 
AND KNOWING WHAT'S 
ON YOUR MIND 
HELPS ME, OKAY? 

V IZ 

,o ® ° 
WELL. IT 
SURE 
WASN'T 
ME 
V -t 

THAT'S 
A RELIEF 

V ,. 

WHO l u 
ARE 
Y O M ? ' 
J - nr 

THE FAMILY CIRCUS 
DENNIS THE MENACE 

(.opr'*/' 1977 
TK* B*flt.l*. and lfAgn* 
Syndwot* Inc 

3-12, 

* 

These ore FUNNY, Gramdma! I like lookin’ at pictures of 
Daddy when he was little." 
‘{Theres somethin' I wanted to ask you...what was alt*' that THUNDERIN' and LIGHTNIN' about last night?" 

ACROSS 

I Choose* 
5 Becomes serious 
11 Briny expanse 
12 Alaskan transportation 
13 Horse directives 
14 Slanted writing 
15 Went by 
17 Cherished animal 
IS Clans 
19 Desert in Asia 
21 Chemical particle 
24 CIA predecessor 
25 Make eyes at 
26 Triangular piaca in skirts 
27 Stadium cheer 
28 Heretofore (2 wds) 
3o Dissolved substance 
33 Recline 
34 Aboveboard 
35 Parched 
37 Expert golfer 
4o School organ ration (abbr) 

41 Home of Ive 
42 Hawaiian island 
43 Peace (Let) 
45 Oxygenator 
47 Broken 
5o Similar 
51 Feels 
52 Greek goddess of peace 
53 Los Angeles bail club 
54 Songstress 
Horne 

DOWN 

1 Seas 
2 Glances 
3 Russian news agency 
4 Tin (chem) 
5 Swift aircraft 
(abbr) 
6 Giraffe like animal 
7 Liver fluid 
8 One issue of a newspaper 
9 Sinbed s bird 
1o Urgent wireless signet 
11 Stares 

Answer to Previous Puzzle 
TI 

14 Image 
15 Inordinate self-esteem 
16 Intellectual 
(si) 
2o Straight course 
22 Gold (Sp) 
23 Untried 
25 Cereal gram 
26 Golly 
27 Manage 
29 Free 
3o Conciliatory bribe 
31 Select 
32 Bounding 
36 Seen 

37 Green rust 
38 River in 
Europe 
39 Possessive pronoun 
41 Drive out 
42 Made of a hard wood 
44 Church part 
46 Unusual 
47 Confederate 
States Army 
(abbr) 
48 Egg layer 
49 Snaky letter 
52 He (Fr ) 

: Ex press-News Wont Ads 225-1666: 

UNITED Feature Syndicate 

 across 

Friday s Puzzle Solved 

1 Speak with pride 
6 Material used lo make paper 
1o Mop made of yarn 
I 4 Chancel feature 
15 River to me 
Danube 
16 Lobby t 7 Swiss 
Italian border mountain 
I 8 
Smith s 
Blues'' 
19 To - — Ex achy 
2o So Amar blankets 
22 Gets back 
24 Acidity 
26 Returns to for mer owner 
27 Highly dis­ mayed 
31 Gunga — 
32 New 
Brunswick a neighbor 
33 Predestined 
35 Short cough 
38 Appeal 
39 Linden trees 
4o Gypsy 
4 I Grass covered ground 
*2 Reveal 2 words 
43 Nova Scotia 

 cape 
44 Where Las 
Vegas is 
Abbr 
45 Hitter s nat 
Socialism 
2 words 
4 7 Containing more sugar 
51 Be inclined 
52 Actually happen 2 words 
54 Numbers under IO 
58 In the center of 
59 Concludes 
6t Causing death 
62 Valley 
83 Spring.'tor one 
64 Show strong 
(eatings 
65 Old-time weapon 
66 Go away hastily 
67 Pass on 

DOWN 

1 Medicinal substance 
2 Olive tree genus 
Eg 
3 Egypt solar deity 
4 So Cal city. 
2 words 
5 Sweet material 
6 Fruit seed 
7 Patron 

8 Not now!” 
9 Comes before in time 
1o Beardless 
11 — polo 
Aquatic sport 
I 2 Watchful t 3 " 
This 
House'' 
21 Old French coin 
23 Roman poet 
25 Ship over­ haul 
27 Elect unite 
28 — Alto 
Calif city 
29 Patchy in color 
3o Pythiae friend 
34 Opinion 
35 Transmit 
36 lf not 
37 Fix in place 
39 Young heres 

o 3 * 3 aasa 

4o Bridge or snap 2 words 
42 Riga citizen 
43 Evergreen tree 
44 Goad Iptor mal 
46 Unite 
4 7 Large amounfC 
Informal 
4 8 Females 
49 Frenchman' nam# 
5o Having a secret meaning 
53 icelandic sage 
55 Chemical suffix 
56 Familiar farewell 
57 Weaver's reed 
6o Fixed and rigid 

TV LISTINGS 

P**4r«* fat**) rtm p tti k 
ItHt 1*4 t i t I v im tk W S t rtw I»- 
•»»»»>•« H . t iM i cad tr< iuSt«<i 
H l«»i m ux** (Song#,. , 
TW ».«>' >«».» n M f vSI* wWfi listings aft if a m . 

19:3o a.m. (Ch. 9) - RE­ 
BOP * This edition in­ cludes a 17-year-old vio­ linist from Belmont, 
Mass.; a 16-year-old La­ tino who is facing a cul­ tural conflict; and two 
West Indian boys who are adjusting to life in Bos­ ton, Mass. 

11:3o (Ch. 4) - OUT- 
DOORS - “ Those Amaz­ ing Stuntmen” features a school in 
Hollywood where students are taught to fall off build­ ings, dive into rivers, tumble down staircases and other daring acti­ vities. 

11:3o (Ch. 12) - AMERI­ 
CAN BANDSTAND - The 
Emotions and 
Brian 
Ladd are Dick Clark’s special guests. 

Noon (Ch. 4) - FISHIN’ 
HOLE - Brook trout from 
Northern Ontario are sought today. 

12:3o (Ch. 4) - NCAA 
BASKETBALL SPECIAL 
- “ On To The Omni” takes a look at NCAA 
Tournaments past and present, providing an in­ troduction for 
NBC 
Sports' 11-game coverage of the 1977 NCAA Tour­ nament beginning today. 
Host Dick Enberg is joined by Indiana head basketball coach Bobby 
Knight and coach Dave 
GaVitt of Providence. 

12:3o 
(Ch. 
5) 
- CBS 
CHILDREN’S 
FILM 
FESTIVAL - (R ) “ Winter of the Witch.” Herm tone 
Gingold stars in a story about the transformation of a lonely, ill-tempered old crone into a happy eccentric who spreads joy. 

4 (Ch. 5) - CBS SPORTS 
SPECTACULAR - To­ day’s show features the 
Motorcycle 
Jum poff 
Competition from the 
Astrodome in Houston and the USAC Indy-Type 
Midget Car Champion­ ship from 
Trenton 
Speedway in New Jersey. 

4 (Ch. 12) - ABC’S WIDE 
W1DRLD OF SPORTS - 
Features include the 
Wur3d Professional Ski­ ing 
Championships, featuring champion Hen­ ri Duvillard; the fourth and- final race of the 
Wo fid Series of Auto 
Racing featuring the In­ ternational 
Race of 
Champions; and Men’s and 
Women’s 
World 
Sprint 
Speedskating 
Championships. 

5p(4)RONNIi PROPHET Hosts 

’ MUSK HAU AMIRICA(Adv.) 

5 (Ch. 4) - MUSIC HALL 
AMERICA • Ronnie Pro­ phet is host, with guests 
Johnny 
Tillotson, 
Johnnie C. Riley and comedian Billy Braver. 

6 (Ch. J) - HEE HAW - 
Guests are Mickey G il­ ler, Susan Raye and 
Jimmy Henley. 

6 (Ch. 12) • THE LAW- 
HENCE WELK SHOW • 
The maestro musically tells how and where his 
“ musical familhh" came to his attention to be dis­ covered. 

7 (Ch. 3) • THE MARY 
TYLER MOORE SHOW - 
Mary and Lou dating? 
Impossible! Actually it was Georgette who sug­ 

 gested Lou as M ary’s possible Mr. Right, and they give it a try. 

I 
(Ch. 
4) - EM ER­ 
GENCY! - “ The Boat.” 
When members of E n ­ gine Co*. 51 learn that 
Charlie the mechanic is being forced to sell his speed boat, they devise a plan that will benefit the whole company. 

7 (Ch. 12) - BLANSKY’S 
BEAUTIES - “ Nancy’s 
Cover-Up.” The hotel management wants 
Nancy’s girls to perform topless. Nancy says if that happens the hotel will be operating Nancy- less. 

KM O l-TV 
© 
NSC 
KENS-TV 
o 
CBS 
KIRN-TV KSAT-TV 
o " Ed 
_ 
( f ) -ABC 
K W E I: 
CD— »<TV 

— Ind. 

7:3o (Ch. 5) - THE BOB 
NEWHART SHOW - Bob tells Emily and his ther­ apy group to keep it cool when it comes to anger. 
But when he and Emily fail to get satisfaction from a garage mechanic, he blows his top. 

7:3o (Ch. 12) - FISH - 
Fish is contemplating a second job as insurance against the day he must retire, and Mike is trying to fend off the amorous advances of a neighbor­ hood girl. 

7:45 (Ch. 9) - THE RISE 
AND FALL OF THE 
THIRD REICH - The do­ cumentary is based on a book by 
W illiam 
L. 
Shirer, about 
Adolf 
Hitler, spanning the years 1899 to 1945. 

8 (Ch. 4) - NBL SATUR­ 
DAY NIGHT AT THE 
MOVIES 
- 
“ Mean 
Streets” is the story of 
Johnny Boy (Robert De 
Niro), a product of the streets in New York’s little Italy. A shadow hangs over his empty life because of his erratic behavior and his pen­ chant for making huge debts and not paying them. When a loan shark pressures him for pay­ ment, a friend intercedes for him. but then the friend realizes the action could cost him his life. 

8 (Ch. 12) - ST ARSKY A 
HUTCH - “ Long Waak on a Short Dirt Road.” A country and western singer (Lynn Anderson) gets threatening phone calls, demanding money, in every city she plays. 
When her manager calls the police, the tormentor takes out his wrath by killing innocent people. 

■ b r OO11 
W : I 5 I 
# 
'3o I 
# 
45 

 he Woody 
Foodpecker Show 
Tie Pink Panther 
Augh I Vt 

Sylvester I 
Tweefy 
Que Club 

Villa Alegre 

Mister Rogers 
Neighborhood 

The Tom A Jerry/ t 
Mumbly Show 
Jabberjow 
C 
T 

o:2; 

 lour A VS 
Bugs Bunny/ 
Roadrunner Hour 
Sesame Street 
Scooby Goo/ 
Dynomutt Show 
- 
I 
It i 

I L . 
A 

 o 
- 

7 : 5 
; 

 speed Iwggy 

Monster Squod 

Tartan, Lord of the Jungle 
New Adventures af Batman 

Once Upon 
A Classic 
Zoom 
The Kroffts 
Supershow 
Capanna 
J p.m., Ch. 41 

| 
A 
° ° 
o 

 ipore Ghost/ 
:ronkenstem Jr. 
Mg John, 
Little John 

Shalom/ 
Isis Hour 
Infinity Factory 

Rebop 
Super Friends 

 l l I 

Ara Porseghkm’s 
Sports 
Outdoors 

Fot Albert and the Cosby Kids 
Ark ll 

Corroscolendas 

Crockett's Victory 
Garden 

Oddball Couple 

American landstand 
El Chapulin 
Colorado 
7:3o p.m., 
Ch. 41 
121 

The Fishin’ Hole 

NCAA BosketboR 
Special 

Way Out Games 

CBS Children s 
Rim Festival 

Five String 
Ireokdown 
Chint for 
Fancy 

Okk Clark is host 
Opinion 

■ I 
OO 

I 
15 
I 
3o 
I 
45 

Grandstand 
(MO) College 
Basketball 
Doubleheader 

Saturday Matinee 
"Abbott A Costello 
Go To Mors” 
Bud Abbott 

Aetna World 
Cup Tennis 
Singles A 
, 
Ooubles 

Community Report 

Sportsman s 
Friend 

Lo Vol del 
Evangelic 
El Show de Cormita 

 o 
? 
? 

L i t 

Cincinnati vs. barquette 
UC1A vs. louisville 

Lou Costello 

That Good Ole 
Nashville Musk 

United States vs. Australia 
Rill Dance 
Outdoors 
Pro Bowlers 
Tour 

Carmito Jiminet 

Cine del Sobado 
"Santo vs. 

Q 
: “ 
% 
3o 
W 
45 

- 
Doral Eastern 
Open 
Third Round from 
Miami, Flo. 

•• 
$1oo,ooo AMF 
Pro Classic from Garden 
City, N Y. 

Cerebra 
Diabolico" 

 rn OO 

4 3 

- 
CRS Sports 
Spectacular 
•• 
Wide World of Sports 
Fonfarrio 
Falcon 

 am oo 
I T 
15 
3o a # 45 

Music Hall 
America 
Bonny Prophet is host 

Eyewitness News 
Sylvan Rodriguet 
CBS Evening 
News 

People and 
Ideas 
School Talk 
ABC News 
Ted Koppel 

Sal y 
Pimiento 
Oscar Zamora is host 

 rn 
OO 
6 ii; 

TV-4 Big News 
Nancy tunnels 
Wild Wiki 
Work! of Animals 

Hee Haw with hosts 
Buck Owens ond Roy Clark 

National 
Geographic 
Special 
"Voyoge of 

The Lawrence 
Welk Show lucha libre 
(Wrestling) 

■ ■ O O rn 15 rn 
3o 
# 
:4S 

Emergency! levin Tighe 
Bandy Mantooth 
Robert Fuller 

The Mary Tyler 
Moore Show 
The Bob Newhort 
Show 

 the Hokule a" 

The Rise ond 

Blonsky s Beauties 
Nancy Walker 
Fish 
Abe Vigodo 

Las Aventuras de Capulina 
Chespirito 
Roberto lokmos 

 q :3 
o:5; 

NRC Saturday 
Night At the Movi is 
"Meon Streets" 

AH In The family 
Carroll O'Connor 
Alice linda Cavin 

Fall of the 
Third Reich 
Storsky A Hutch 
David Soul 
Paul Michael 
Glaser 

Lo Mejor de los Poitvoces 
Eduardo Manzano 
Enrique Cuenca 

9 1 

Robert De bro 
Harvey Keitel 

I* 

Shirley Mocloinc 
Special 
"Where Do We 
Go From Here" 

Dog and Cat 
Iou Antonio 
Kim Basinger 

Box de Mexico 

Nancy Runnels 
NBC's Saturday 
Night 

Eyewitness News 
Sylvan Rodriguet 
Star Trek leonard Nimoy 

- 
NewsWatch 
Graham Smith 
Superstar Cinema 
"Miss Sadie 
- 

111 

(12) Late Shaw 
"flower Drum 
Song 
Nancy Kwan 

(11:3o) Rig Show 
"One Mon s Way" 
Don Murray 
(I) NightHight 77 

The Rise ond Fall of the CIA 
Sign Off 

Thompson" 
(12:3o) Late Movie 
"Lost Summer 
Barbara Herschey 

 las Invencibles 

(12) Sign Off 

Son Antopio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 
Page I 5-F 
Special No. 3 for 

8 (Ch. 5) - ALL IN THE 
FAMILY - Archie stars another battle when he goes one-on-one with a neighborhood dog. 

8:3o (Ch. 5) • ALICE - 
Alice, ever helpful, don­ ates an old trophy of 
Mel’s to a church rum­ mage sale. And when Mel finds out the cup is missing, he blows a gas­ ket. 

9p(5)SHIRlEY MACLAINE 

*Spociol/Dazzling hour 

 of music, fun A donco(Adv.) 

9 (Ch. 5) • THE SHIR­ 
LEY MacLAINE SPE- 
LIAL • “ Where Do We Go 
From Here?” W ith Shir­ ley tonight will be "Les 
Ballets Troekadero de 
Monte Carlo,” a group of male dancers who spoof the ballet. Also ineluded are Don E llis and the 
Electric Orchestra, plus a group of Miss Ma- 

 d a m e s celebrity friends making cameo appearances. 

1o:3o (Ch. 4) - NBC’S SA­ 
TURDAY NIGHT - Ac­ tress Cissy Spacek is guest host with Richard 
Baskin as the musical guest. 

1o:3o (Ch. 12) - SUPER- 
STAR CINEMA - “ Miss 
Sadie Thompson” stars 
Jose Ferrer and Rita 
Hayworth. A woman with a sordid past, a marine, and a minister clash on a 
Pacific island. 

11:o5 (Ch. 9) - THE RISE 
AND FALL OF THE CIA 
- An investigation traces the origins and develop­ ment of the CIA from 
World War II through the 
196os and beyond. 

11:3o (Ch. 5) • THE BIG 
SHOW - “ One Man’s 
Way” stars Don Murray and Diana Hyland. A crime reporter enters a seminary and through his screh for human dig­ nity. is accused of preaching “ easy” reli­ gion. 

Midnight (Ch. 4) • THE 
LATE SHOW - “ Flower 
Drum Song,” starring 
Nancy Kwan and James 
Shigeta. Problems arise for a Chinese boy and girl, promised to marry each other, when each falls in love with so­ meone else. 

Thomas head the cast. 
Three teenagers become close friends while \aca- tioning on Fire Island and trouble erupts when another girl enters the group. 

I 
(Ch. 
5) 
- 
NIGHT- 
FLIGHT ’77 - “ The Mil 
Bonaire: The Story of 
Harvey Blake.” A hobo who claims to hate mon­ ey is the surprised recipient of $1 million from an anonymous don­ or. "Wild Wild West: The 

Night of a Thousand 
Eyes.” A beautiful girl upsets James T. West’s efforts to quail the piracy of riverboats on the lower 
Mississippi River. 

Approx. 3:3o a.m. (Cb. 5) 
- MGHTFLIGHT ’77 - 
“ Spellbound” stars In­ grid Bergman and Gre­ gory Peck. A young man, suffering from amnesia and accused of murder. is helped by a female psychiatrist who loves him. 

It ’s time for another one of those bright Shir­ ley MacLaine specials. 
The latest one can be seen tonight at 9 p.m. on 
KENS-TV7. Carol Burnett and troupe get a night off. 
There will be singing and dancing and a lot of merriment in the hour- long “ The Shirely Mac­ 
Laine Special: Where Do 
We Go From H ere?” 
Joining Shirley will be the Les Ballets Trocka- dero de Monte Carlo and 
Don Ellis and His Elec­ tric Orchestra. The show will be taking a musical look at the beginning of our nation’s second hundred years, using a laser beam for visual ef­ fects at times. 
In two previous outings on television, Miss Ma- cLaine’s “ If They Could 
Sec 
Me 
Now” and 
“ Gypsy in My Soul” both won Emmys in several categories. “ Gypsy in My 
Soul was awarded an 
Emmy as Outstanding 
Special in Comedy, Var­ iety and Music. 
Look at future 
“ It’s a kind of a look at possibilities of the future of entertainment,” Shir­ ley disclosed during a press conference in Los 
Angeles several weeks ago. She said she had just seen a preview of the show the night before and liked it. “ It is good,” she felt. 
“ In an entertaining fashion,” she continu­ ed. " It ’s not a look into the future from a society point of view. Ifs from the entertainment view.” 
The entertainer said some of the ideas on the show were hers, others came from the producer. 
“ What we did. we sifted it out together,” she said. 
“ George Schlatter is the producer, and, she said, this is the first time she has worked with him “ I have wanted to work with him for ten years,” was her comment. 
Broke ground 
Miss MacLaine was one of the first big-name movie stars lo invade television. That was back in 1971 when her series, 
“ Shirley’s World,” ap­ peared on ABC. In that series, the auburn-haired 

Shirley 

 months later. Miss Ma­ cLaine made her film debut in “ The Trouble 
With Harry.” More films followed, plus three Aca­ demy Award nomina­ tions. 

 was “ You Can Get There 
From Here,” 
The actress was born in Richmond, Virginia. 
Her father was a mu­ sician, her mother taught dramatics at Maryland 
College and also per­ formed. Her brother is actor Warren Beaty. 
Because 
Miss 
Ma­ cLaine had weak ankles, she started ballet lessons very young to strengthen them. Miss NacLaine be- fan 'Z.Tfn-^V: that She enjoyed the trip, ht oarly aO s in the woujj never have been 
Broadway chorus line of 
“ Oklahoma!” and “ Me and Juliet.” She was an understudy for Carol 
Haney in 

•Hnr « ^ en M™lbriSk,e 45 hours of film, was soon off the network. 
. r . an^ t - ^liss 
Now she sticks to spe- cLame stepped in lo fill 
MacLaine was a the role and became a m^s m attaint was a 
1 lals- star part of the CBS Inaugural 
In the audience that t»ala at the Kennedy night was Hollywood Center before I resident 

 actress - singer - dancer portrayed a roving re- porter-photographer for an international ’maga­ zine and was filmed ar­ ound the world. It didn’t help up, however, and 

China trip 

It was in 1974 that Miss 
MacLaine headed up a delegation of women on a visit to the People’s Re­ public of China. She said fiat she enjoyed the trip, 
.’ould never have been able to go if Nixon had not opened up the way, and would like to go back 
,,r> . again. She said she came n 
. 
,, 
,a£an?a back from the trip with 
Game when Carol broke film 

Miss MacLaine said that she usually ends up not making any money when she does vision specials. When questioned about that, her reply was, “ I spend the money CBS gives me 
(on the show). That’s what I do. I end up with nothing. Which I am happy to do because I don’t think you should do television for money anyway.” 
“ I do television because I want to bring some quality to tele­ vision,” she continued. 
“ I love working for CBS. 
And I love working in television. And I don’t mind. I never ask any­ body what it is costing.” 
Of course, she said, she doesn’t make her living doing television. So she can let her money go back into the show to make it that much better. 
An author 

The entertainer said she was now working on her third book. “ If s a novel, almost done. If I had a day off. I ’d finish it." 
As yet, she has no title for the book, she said. In early 197o Miss MacLaine wrote her first book, en­ titled “ Don’t Fall Off the 
Mountain.” It has been published in ten lan­ guages and tells the story of the search for her own identity. Her second book 

 her tole 
Producer Hal Wallis, who ( arb‘r took over the Pre- v When signed her to a long-term sidency. She is a fan of contract immediately t|1o * resident and after the show. A few Mrs, ( arter.____________ 

• 
A 
J * 
9 l l l l * ll 
NIGHTFLIGHT 

“Millionaire” 
Wild, Wild West” 
Spellbound’ 

1am-6am 6 

12:3o a m. (Ch. 12) - 
LATE MOVIE - “ Last 
Sum m er.” 
Barbara 
Herschey and Richard 

TLTIA 
T--- 

KCOR, where you can 

 participate in 

“POINT OF VIEW” 

Tuesdays at 6:1o p.m. 

VQVAGE 
OF THE 
HOKULE’A 

135o on the Dial 

H i* IBM* - *oo arf * Se M fMtabO 

6:oo VOYAGE OF THE HOKULE A 
A 
National 
Geographic 
Special 
In a large double-hulled canoe, Hawaiians undertake a 3,ooo mile epic voyage from 
Hawaii to Tahiti in search of their ancient heritage. 
7:15 THE RISE AND FALL OF 
THE THIRD REICH 
A special three-part documentary based on the monumental best-seller of the same name by William Shirer. The film examines the life of Adolph Hitler from his 1899 Austrian birth as Adolph Schick- 
Igruber, his 
Chancellory of 
Germany, impassioned speeches, bookburning, ex­ tinction of Jews and eventual fall of power, 
11.o5 THE RISE AND FALL 
OF THE CIA 
Traces the origins and development of the CIA from World War ll to the 196o's and beyond, when the CIA emerged as the vastly wealthy and scarcely restrained secret arm of the U.S. Presidency, engaged in covert operations around the globe. 
SOME GROT 
THINGS TO see 
ON PUBLIC TV! 
MARCH 4-2o 

YOU SAVE 
3o% to 7o%g 
B e c a u s e w e 
R e n te d it firs t I 

HOW WI DO IT 
R u in g p o rt o f on# o f th o lo r g o i t 
J fu rn itu re lo o tin g c o m p a n ie s 
I*'- m o t e t 
It o o t y . 
‘ N e a r ly 
N o w ” I f u r n it u r e co n b o c o la a t b a r g a in p ric e s b e lo u t * w e r e n t e d it fir s t. 

KLRN-TV 
Box 715® Austin 78712 
Box • San Antonio 78291 

I would Mkt to become a member. 
Enclosed is my dwelt for: 

□*15 ill mew 
Q $ n o sso 
OS too 
AN members receive a full veers auto*option to the 
Channel • monthly program guide. THE SCH ED U LE. 

N AM E, 

AD DRESS. 

CITY. 
S TA TE 
ZIP. 

 xpress 

To h a w your problem Hotrod or a ques­ tions answered* write .lotion-Express* I*.ti. 
Jdox 2171* San Antonio* T \ 7H2*P7. 

Energy nonsense 

I am so mad, I can hardly contain myself. 
I just watched an hour-long special on energy on 
\RC and heard the most ridiculous junk I have ever seen on the television screen, 
This is even worse than the baby at Green Hospital in the CBS “ Hunger in America” documentary. 

Some reporter (whose name I didn’t get) said that everything is fine in Texas gas-wise because Texans don’t have federal regulations on their gas and that by paying more they are getting more gas —unlike the eastern states. 

Now this is the biggest pile of baloney since ldi 
Amin said that Anglican Archbishop died in a car crash. It is nothing but oil and gas industry propaganda — if you all pay more, we’ll give you the gas. 

Worse, is that the show featured San Antonio and said there were no gas shortages this year. I have read in the Express about shortage's from Lo-Yaca. 
Now, just who is correct? ABC-TV or the Express? 
Will you please set the record straight and let me know the person who made those statements so I can write' to ABC and let them know his “ facts’’ were wrong? 
R. L. V. 

W E w e v t k L E T ^ 3 
F a c t s s t a n d i n t h ' 
W A Y O E A G O O D 
5TO«Y I 

Okay, Action-Express 

 went over to Channel 12 where they allowed us to watch a replay of that show which was titled: 
“ The Winter That Was . . 
The 
Energy 
That 

Wasn’t.” 

The reporter who did 

 the segment on Texas was Roger Peterson. The thrust of his report was that Texas natural gas prices are unregulated and that while there were shortages in 1972, the prices were raised by the state (since there are no federal price controls) and “ the shortages end­ ed.” 

He then focused on San 

Antonio in particular and said during that seg­ ment: “ Even this year, there were no gas shor­ tages here.’’ That, of course, is not true 

 whether he was speaking of San Antonio in parti­ cular or Texas in gener­ al. 

San 
Antonio has experienced 36 cu rta il­ ments in natural gas de­ liveries since the first day of winter — that is one almost every three days. And three of those curtailm ents were IOO per cent cutbacks in gas 

 for electrical generating purposes. 

Of course, everyone 

 here recalls all the trou­ ble they had in Wichita 
Falls where schools were closed, industry was shut down and other severe problems resulted from gas shortages in that ci­ ty. 

The same segment on 

San Antonio also erron­ eously identified 

( o u i in ii (lilies Organized for 
Pu b lic 
Service 

(C O PS) as Citizens O r­ ganized for Public Ser­ vice. 

We only concerned 

 ourselves with the mis­ leading or erroneous statements about San 
Antonio in the show and cannot recap all of the errors which cropped up in the hour-long special. 
We contacted ABC in 

New York and after talk­ ing to people represent­ ing the producer, the re­ sponse we got was this 
“ Well, there is nothing we can do now. The pro gram has already been aired, we will not air a retraction. Thank you for telling us. we will toss it around up here.” 
Now,. isn ’t that 

 interesting? 

More on Tex-Mex 

In response to the recent letter a tx tut Mexican- style food in Oui magazine, I read something in 
(here I find incredible It said the Caesar’s salad wus invented at Cesar's hotel in Tijuana, Mexico. 

Isn t this some local faille or something? I had never known the Ceasar's Salad to Im1 a Mexican dish and certainly do not believe it was invented in some hotel in Tijuana. Wasn’t the salad named after 
Caesar, of the Julius variety? 

DOUG M. 

No, the Caesar Salad 

 was not named after Ju ­ lius Caesar. 

The concoction of Ko 

 maine lettuce, oil, 

 cheese, raw egg, an chevies, croutons and other ingredients was in vented at a hotel smack in the middle of Revolu­ tion Avenue’s “ strip” in 
Tijuana. 

There is a plaque near 

 the front door recounting the hotel's more famous days and the event 

 marking the creation of the Cesar Salad (Caesar in 
Spanish). 

Almost every restaur­ ant in Tijuana that is not in the tourist /one serves 
Caesar’s Salad. 

As an addendum to the 

 article in Oui magazine about 
Mexican food, 

 there was considerable attention given to various kinds and varieties of chili. 

Our friend Ford Green 

 tells us the Santa Marla 
Dictionario de Mexican- ismos published in Mexi­ co City has this to say about chili: 
“ A detestable food with 

 the false name of Mexi­ can that is sold from 
Texas to New York.” 

Actually, what we 

 think they are trying to say is that chili con carne is not sold in Mexico and whoever wrote the de­ scription of it didn’t really like it much. 

Government ear 

Last Sunday an Inter-Agency Motor Pool govern­ ment station wagon wus pulling away from a store on V alley View. 
Was tins the rightful use of this vehicle? 
I. H. 

We occasionally get 

 complaints of this nature and have found that go vernment vehicles are operated by so many agencies and offices it is difficult to determine if the vehicle is being used for unauthorized pur­ poses. 

Poverty agencies, fe­ derally-funded programs for migrants etc, often have access to govern­ ment cars, trucks, buses etc. 
The last complaint we 

 got was a government station wagon loaded with 
“ hippie-looking 

 characters.” We checked thai out and found it was in the proper hands. 
However, if you see a 

 government vehicle be­ ing used for purposes other than those for which you believe it was intended, call the Gener­ al Services Administra­ tion (GSA) and report It and lf there are enough complaints about a cer­ tain vehicle they uilj in­ vestigate. 

 fZ ANC I *, PCZ 
VOUK ONN 5AKE, 
GEB, AA CAAMA,VoU'VE J U4T 

* > P C \L B V A A V W 
H O L E 
P A V / / 
W A ZEAL LY 
GOOG m o t h e r 

W O W L P H A V E 
4PQ\LEO a 
WHOLE WEEK 

 d o o n f s b u r y 

 hey. CLWT, 
COULD I MAKE 

 a lit t le Su g ­ 

 g es tio n *. 
\ 

J KNOW TOU m m TO 6o IT 
ALONE, BUT I REALLY WINK YOU 
SHOULD CAU YOUR GRANDMOTHER. 
A L THE SERIOUS ROOTIES SWEAR 
* 
8) GRANDMOTHERS I 

HMM. MAYBE YOU'RE 
WEIL, 
RIGHI MAN MY GRAND- THERE 
MOTHER USED TO TELL 
YOU HAYE 
FAMILY STORIES ALL THE 
IT1 
TIME. SHE HAD ABOUT 
A MILLION OF THEM' 

CLYDE, HAYE 

I THIM* 
TOU DONE YOUR 
BASIC HOME- 
S%Lu6h ‘ 
UJoRX HERB' 

MARY WORTH 

MISS PEACH 

HOW CCWS 

YOU. P lP N 'T 

, 
TAKE THC 
V 
**.u. ? 

/ > 
CCL 

X 
TAA A 

/ l i t t l e 
X e 
' 
“Ti ZEP 
\ 
T M I* 
) j 
AA oKNIN6 
J 

7 /— 
- 

/ X 
J 4» 
‘y 
* rf lift mi 
-WTK. cag 3* rv-CiT*. j d 

Sleeping pills are not cure 

Dear Dr. Thosteson: I gel pains in my legs about IO or 15 m inutes after I go to bed. 
They get so bad that I either have to take something or I cannot sleep. I have been taking one “ 222” tablet every night, and this helps a lot. I was wondering if there is any danger in taking these over a long period of time. Another thing, do they affect the blood pressure, which I ani also taking medicine for? I am 58. — Mrs. K.B.B. 
That tablet you are using is a low-close narcotic, ll is effective, but it isn t advisable for long term use 
And. of course, it’s not going to have any effect on the cause of your pains, whatever that may be. 
Do you have varicose veins? If so. treating them would ease your problem. Another caufle of these pains in women are high heels, which sad to say (medically) seem to be making a comeback. These do not give proper arch sup­ port. Being overweight can multiply problems, especially if you an* on your feet for long per­ iods. 
Low heels 
By George €. 
Thosteson, M.D. 
You might try walking about in low-heeled slip­ pers before retiring. A good old hot luh souk never hurts. lf by chance you .are taking tranquilizers, you should not be using sleeping pills. The combination may result in severe depression of the nervous sys­ tem. 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: I have heard where women are experiencing menopause earlier than in the pas!. 
Is it true, and, if so. why? — Mrs. IT Y. 
Menopause conies between the a g o s of 45 arui 5o for most women. It is true, though, that later men­ opause (in the early 5()s) is occurring more today than that in the past. Why? Probably for the same reasons girls are reaching puberty earlier (asubject 
I discussed recently — better nutrition and general health. I am not aware of the actual physiological reasons. For the booklet on menopause send a stamped, self-addressed envelope and 35 cents to cover costs of mailing and handling to me in care of this newspaper. It treats the subject in terms I believe you’ll understand. 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Where can I write to find out if the American Diabetes Association has research programs which volunteers can participate In? I live in Minnesota. — Mrs. B T. 
Check your phone book for a chapter of file asso­ ciation. There is a very active one in your state. 
Otherwise write to the national headquarters at One 
West 45th Street, New York. 1oo2o 
Dear Dr. Thosteson: Is there pain involved in 
Parkinson’s disease? — B R, 
The symptoms of Parkinson's are muscle weak­ ness. rigidity, and tremor. However, cramplike pain in the limbs and the spine can develop from the chronic muscle spasms. 

H ow lo get rid o f leg cram ps and fo o l pains? The answer may be 

 simple — write to Dr. Thosteson, in care of this new spaper, for a 

 copy o f his booklet, " H o w To Stop Leg Cram ps and Foot Pains 

Enclose a long, self-addressed, stom ped envelope and 35 cents. 

WORDY 
GURD! 

B Y T R K K Y R IC K Y 

Fvcry w o r d y GUPPY answer is ii rhyming pair o f words (like I roe Blue, 
Plain Jane, and Huinpty Dunipty I 
Read the definition, then think of two rhyming words that w ill fit in the letter squares.The number after the definition tells you how many syllables iii each 

 word of the rhyming pair. 

I ( leal stair m a r. N a in a lh 111 
ITT CB 
"J. Sam uel < lem en*’ at hrs 111 
I I I I I ■ I HEE] 
I. Dam e d u b iii ih rt.o lH rn (tau- (its (-I rrrrm 

 f la k y Ru ks pays 
V III bu (he most oiiginjl WOR UY 
(itIRDYS Send your hest rhymes with di'ltiiilions to this rn wsp,liter rim 
I U npleasant Parisian nth* I It 
TTT M M I 
V A n g rl I a tla tl s kit ks I 11 m M 
B I ITTTTT 

 h I u g iiise slat o f "N rlsso rk " 111 r n i 11 
TTTTT 

Mat b n f hat Its I V tiinnrislZ) 

9 

Cl I I I I I I 
IX J I TT-] ssa*,\s WS MRUK M M P I AVWS V M I SS WVK IX » S'l lllllU S I Iii s 
M ll IVtH* 111. NIMO SKI IO t SMS I s-S.IV WI I Ii ll WH IU I 
3 VZ 
J 

JEANE DIXON S 
HOROSCOPE 
FUR SUNDAY 
. 

Your Birthday Sunday: 
Move right ahead with a wide range of learn-by- doing enterprise*. 
Preliminary results are somewhat uneven, but prospect* are good Rela­ tionships are headed toward happy and poten­ tially permanent lies. 
Today’s natives are gen­ erous, impulsive, enthu­ siastic. delight iii exper­ imental or adventurous arrangements. 
Those 
Itorn this year will bring a mudcap sense of humor to original thinking. Most w ill get far aw ay from early environment, at a youthful age. 

A R IE S (M arch It April 
It) 
He ilia d you h a v e p r iv a c y 
You've tedious accounts, reports, form s to till oui tor p e rso n a ) pions, b u sin e ss 
E v e n in g has much emotional give and take 
TA U R U S (April IO M ay MI 
Wtwt seems super tic ioI turns out to h a v e s tro n g m e a n in g in spec tut conte*! 
Break tree, go on pn e x c u r s io n 
E a p r c is e . sports serve the sam e healthful purpose 
G E M IN I (M a y It Ju n e 2o): 
C beer people up. Get their m inds et) com plications arisin g from old erro rs 
E v e ry o n e theorizes about what to do 
Stay busy at what brings imm ediate rew ards. 
C A N C E E 
(June 
JI July 
SXI 
Fam ily lite runs lo bickerin g, 

 e s p e c ia lly am ong youn gstt 
L e a v e in ta c t the p rid e ot concerned- Em o tio n al ties strengthened bv activity 
L E O (July 21 Aug 22) 
P a to get your bearings Realize have constructive processes mg. G r a s s isn 't g re e n e r e w h e re d e s p ite o d v e r t is i boasting En iov what you ha' 
V IR G O 
(Aug 
21 Sept 
22 
Continue with rational decisi based on common sense E rie go o il on ex o tic e> peditic 
They need you to com e bact tor reality, renewal ot option 
LIBR A (Sept 21 O r! 
22) an earlier decision stand Ai upsetting people with a lo) eva lu a tio n s, re v is io n s 
B e d e rs ta n d m g w ith ton m em b ers seeking fu rth e r i fur tty 
SCORPIO (Oct l l Nev 
21 
You h a v e m o re e n e rg y 1 others 
Don t overdo 
Bein* step br mgs oil the benet its, r ot the inc identol inconvem ei of eater ting vigoi Otis leader st 
S A G IT T A R IU S (NOV 
I M 
2 t)‘ 
Let self interest shope y course 
M ake a hit with V who co n be h e lp fu l bv crowding them tor attention r 
S a ve m on ey by s ta yin g n home 
C A P R IC O R N (Oec. I t J lf ) : 
Direct a surge al em toward gerting a m ore tem situation, personal security 
' 
o chance to loin large portie heavily scheduled tours 
A Q U A R IU S (Jan 26 Feb. I 
Subtle new (actors are ot w so th a t b a s ic c o n d itio n s chugging 
A void clu tterin g with prom ises l et personal tory run a natural course 
PISCES (Fob 
It M arch 2' 
Find out m ore ut iou I people I unfamiliar piu.es os impliei behavior 
See yourself m o n in their pc tigris 
I e a rn 
T redevelop yogi approach 

! 
The 
Complete 
Recreational 
Vehicle 

' 
» 
» t t L 
L 
T 
O 
1% fiji® 
1 “ 
Hi 
1 nb1 i ■ 
_ ii i «Lw 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED D ISPLAY 

Featuring: 

★ MOTOR HOMES 
★ MINI HOMES 
★ TRAVEL TRAILERS 
★ CAMPERS ★ VANS 
★ 5th WHEEL TRAILERS 
A POP TOP VEHICLES 

ALL O N DISPLAY! 

WITH A 

SALUTE TO THE 
ALAMO CHAPTER 
RV ASSOCIATION 
S.A. s Vacation & Recreation Vehicle Show * 
San Antonio Convention Center 
March 9-13 ^ 
SHOW HOURS: WED. THRU FRI. 5-1o P.M.-SAT. 1-1o P.M.; SUN. 1-7 P.M. 

HEAD FOR THE HILLS 

For A d v e n t u r e . 

THERE’S AN 
AWARD 
JUST 
FOR YOU 

Sales & Service 
Leasing & Rentals 

• M ini-H om es 

• Leisure V an s 

• Trailers 

 a r r tr aw l 
R lF l EQUIPMENT 
/.UL/ co rpo ration 

THE FINEST SELECTION OF R V ’s FOR SALE OR RENT 
ROBERT SMITH MOTOR CO 

7114 SAN PEDRO 
73 2 -2 2 8 8 
OPEN DAILY ’TIL 8:oo P.M . 
2 Blocks South of North Star Mall 

: Country fords JTew Jtlini Jttotor Jtome 

LEISURE VAN 

• Self-Contined 
• 19 Ft. Cadet 
• 3o Gal. Water Tank 
• Range • Shower 
• Refrigerator 
• IP Gas Tank 

‘915o* 
COME SEE US 
AT THE SH O W 

STANDARD CONVERSION FEATURES 

S I A N D A R O C O N V I R S l O N 
A S in k a n d yaltt*y p u m p 

H A T U R t 
A 
1 o < jo llo n w a i n tan k 

A H iy h b in k b w l H v a i l 
A C it y w a le * h o o k u p 
A N y l o n i h o y io ip » l* u j 
A I o b i. 

A V in y l c«‘«Imh) 
A 4 " c u s h io n s 

A PcMM-limj 
A I le i Ii k ut iO fiv« *ile t 
A In su k itio n 

I 
I I p 
? 
J 

 r 
— 
7| 

 i 

I 
I 

IJU 

J - _ 

I f 

I 

— 

' ] ! c 
! r n j a w i . a * * • jf 
~i J 
North Central Ford 

•IH.US TAX, THU, UC ENSI. 

W h ere a new TRUCK is only halt the d eal. 

98oo SAN PEDRO 

Located directly in back of new cor dealership. 
C orner of 
Isom and R am sey Rd. 

3 4 1 * 5 5 7 1 

AR1SToCRAFT Travel Trailers by MNDIX 
The Choice of the Quality Buyer! 

Rahmberg has gone recreational, come by and see our complete display 
SEE US AT THE SHOW 
Prites you con afford to pay! 
“We Service W hat We Sen*9 
27 Year — Sam e Location! 
2271 Austin Hwy. 
655-o251 

 s . v 
‘•V '• 

 fo rt luxury - l i f t •Ayont Uondord h o tu rn Ida (afar TV, m o m r r m m 

 end Ish mar. I x cp to n ci (mftuMmship throughout Cam* try o n . an (ar wa todoy 
FRY M O TO RS INC. 
2o* WIST HHK ftUtNfT, TX 7ft* 11 
Hum. ISM) 7S6-2I28 
Tho boot hi M o to r Homa Nvhtg fro m Xpform r. 

Th* Uftimota izpanatta (bot mottos tim going grand! 

 x p l o r e r 
M u m m 

RAHMBERG RV CENTER 
EXCLUSIVE DEALER FOR... 

Tindall and Son Motor Homes, TWX) San Pedro, carries three of the finest motor homes available in the recreational field, according to W. F. “ Wes” 
Edens, manager. 
The homes include the Itasca, constructed by 
Winnebago; the Executive and the Explorer. 
“ All three are beautiful units and they come in various sizes and equipped in various ways, accord- ng to what the custom er might want in extras, hut 

CLASSIFIED n t S .I * Y 
CLASSIFIED PIS RIA T 

 original furnishings alone are something to behold,” 
Edens said. 
As an example, Edens points out some of the units come with microwave ovens, color television, stove, shower and self-contained holding tanks. 
“ In short, you have a complete, self-contained unit and can travel anywhere in the country as if you were in your o w n apartment at hom e,” the manager added. 

C l..SWI IID DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

P age 
2-G 
San A ntonio E X P R E S S -N E W S — 
Saturday M arch 12 1 9 7 7 
_ 
— 
Tindall has 3 of fin est R V ’s 

THE 1 9 7 7 Thunderbird is one of the most popular sellers at Jordan 
Ford. From left ore Bill Bray, a ssista n t m an a ge r; G ilbe rt H a a s, comptroller; and Bud Johnson, new car m anager. 
South T exas Trailer is new m ajor dealer 

 the largest recreational vehicle and trailer out­ lets in South Texas. 
C h a rle s 
M a ts le r , o w n e r-m a n a g e r of the firm, points out Sinton and Donna are other sites served by the company, and upon seeing the con­ tinuous growth of San 
Antonio as a hub of South t Texas, decided to open a m a jo r t r a ile r c e n te r here. 
M atsler exp lains his company is the sole dis­ tributor in South Texas for the renow ned A ir ­ stream travel trailer and the popular Argosy travel trailer. Argosy also pro­ duces motor homes. 
The Airstream comes in various sizes from 21 to 31 feet, says Matsler. 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

South T e x a s T r a ile r of the newest m ajor local 
Sales. 1121o 111 35 North trailer firms in this area and Weidner Road, is one 
It already boasts one of 

CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 

VENTURE TENT CAMPER by STARCRAFT 
“The tittle Castle on W heels” 

CHAMPION, TITAN 
AND FLAGSHIP MOTOR HOMES 
S tuffy mini motor homes 

CLASSIFIED DI SALA V 
CLASSIFIED DI S F I A f 

TEXAS MOBILE HOME SUPPLY 
• COMPLETE LINE OF • 
★ RY SUPPLIES ★ 
★ PROPANE 
★ AWNINGS 
★ AIR 
CONDITIONING 
• COMPLETE SUPPIY 
HOUSE 
2211 AUSTIN HWY. 
655-1 761 

VAN 
CONVERSION H t t p 
EQUIPMENT 
P | | K | 

G 

Ki im nilM r W hen tin* S p o r t s Pages H e r e 
Pretty Cut ami D ried? 
No M ore. Not Sinee N E W S S P O R T S . 
See ^ hat We Mean. 
Today in The News. 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March I 2 1977 

, Robert Smith moves to northside location 

TEC m o to r hom e 

R o b ert S m ith M otor 
Co., previously located at 
55o5 San 
P e d r o , has moved to a new location. 
The com pany is now situated at 7114 San P e­ d ro , ju s t fo u r b lo c k s south of C e n tra l P a rk 
Mall. 
Smith, now in the mo­ tor home business. Rot in into the recreational ve­ hicle field through a type of evolution. 
T h e v e te r a n d e a le r started in the new car business in 1962. Three 

C lA S ilF t lO O- S F L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

COME TO THE R.V. SHOW 
EXHIBITORS GALORE! 

Anything and Everything Under the Sun For 
Outdoor Fun, all under ONE roof!! 

 y e a rs la t e r he b e g a n c o n v e r tin g v a n s into cam p e rs and last year added motor homes to his line. 
The company is now a full-service trailer center c a rry in g T rav el E q u ip ­ m ent Corp of Indiana trailers. 

The firm is one of the few in San Antonio that rents and leases motor homes to vacationers 

Mini-motor homes are among the most popular vehicles at Smith Motor 
Co., says Bill Allen, sales manager. 

He pointed out that a mini-motor home may be 

 utilized as a second vehi­ cle around town and is com parable to a station wagon in term s of cost, g a s m ile a g e an d h a n ­ dling. 

A llen said th ey f r e ­ quently get letters from p le a s e d c u s t o m e r s telling of the excellent m ileage they get from recreational vehicles ob­ tained at S m ith M otor 
Co 

TEC motor homes are available with such fea­ tures as cruise control; 
AM-EM stereo radio and tape deck; monitor board and eye level self-dean* mg ovens. 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

% 
'J F 
°N VEHICLE DEALERS OE * 

SHOW HOURS 
5 P.M. TO IO P.M. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9th THRU FRIDAY, MARCH 11th 
SATURDAY, MARCH 12th I P.M. to 1o P.M. SUNDAY, MARCH 13th I P.M. to 7 P.M. 

R.V.D.A. MEMBERS 
TRAVEL TRAILER CENTER 
42oo Roosevelt 
923-8651 

TRAVEITOWN TEXAS, INC. 
96oo IH 35 N. 
653-6711 
TOYOTA Of SAN ANTONIO 
17o3 Lf. Military Dr. 
924-9451 

CERTIFIED CAMPING 
CENTER 
16539 IH 35 N. 
651-6o62 

RAHMBERG RV 
CENTER 
2271 Austin Hwy. 
655-o251 
ROBERT SMITH MOTOR CO. 
55o5 San Pedro 
732-2288 
ROADRUNNER TRAVEL 
TRAILER SALES 
493o Rigsby 
648-oo6o 
TINDALL AND SON 
PONTIAC-GMC 
39oo Son Pedro 
736-1561 

HEIMER CAMPER SALES 
3329 LW. Military Dr. 
924-8336 

HUUS CAMPING CENTER 
5o38 Rigsby 
648-123o 

K.C CAMPING TRAILERS 
71o West Ave. 
735-3931 

MISSION TRAVEL CENTER 
13o6 Austin Hwy. 
824-3248 

ANTEX TRAVEL CENTER 
38o2 N.W Loop 41o 
734-8235 

BLANCO PRODUCTS 
767 N.E. loop 41o 
824-2981 

BURKE MOTOR HOME 
CENTER 
86oo Broadway 
I Blk. North of Loop 41o 
828-9134 
HARPER MOTOR CoMANY 
24o1 Military Dr. S.W. 
924-5514 

- fr * j r - k - k ' k - k - k ' A ' k A f r ’-k 
* 
*1 
* 

* 
* 
* 
* 

*1 
* 
* 

* 
* 

TOYOTA 
CHINOOK 

* 

* 

HURRY 
LIMITED 
SUPPLYI 

Mini-rig find 
. fuel economy of Hie Toyota! 
V ACATION KEADY 

N o w a t . . . 

* 
---------------------- 
: ■titi: vt: it 

*1 
* 
3834 FREDERICKSBURG RD. 
P h o n e 7 3 6 - 4 4 7 1 
^an Xnlonio’- |jirg r«4 Volum e Import Dealer! 

* * * * * 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 

See the ingeniously designed HI­ 
LO 
T railer that can telescope I dow n to 7o inches with just tho ■ flip o f a switch and move right I bock up again to a full sized j complete travel trailer. They're metal, they're strong & designed to deliver years of carefree travel — and they’re easy on gas, easy to tow & easy on you! 

SOLO O N L Y AT 

ROADRUNNER TRAVEL TRAILER 
SALES 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 
I 
4 9 3 o R if l* b y « 4 8 - o o « o 

San Antonio EXPR E SS-N E W S— Saturday March I 2 I 977 

AL CATER an d In te rn ation al H a rve ste r Scout 
Scouts featured at IH 

International Harves­ ter Co.’s authorized fac­ tory branch is quite proud of its Scout sales location off Riltim un 
Road oast of NK HI 35. 

The company branch itself is located at 715 
Steves Ave. in southeast 
San Antonio. It is com­ prehensive in sales, parts and service. The 
Scout sales location, however, is named after 

CLAiSiriCD DISPLAY- 

 the Scout “ fam ily” it handles in sale's exclusi­ vely. 

This “ family” is com­ prised of members rela­ tively light duty in de­ sign. 

Al Cater, sales repre­ sentative for the* Scout location led to by In ­ dustry Park Drive off 
Rittiman Road, is know- 

 cUiKtMfi OlSPUV---------- 

• SHOW TIME SALE • 
NOMADS 
Full Line Available-BIG DISCOUNT 
RED DALE 5TH WHEELS 
JAYCO CAMPERS 
BLANCO PRODUCTS 
41o AND BROADWAY 

 lodgeable of (‘ach family 

He desc ribes the Scout ll as one of the more versatile' International 
Harvester offerings, a highly mnncuN erable four-wheel drive vehicle that handles and drives like an automobile. 

The Scout Traveler, he1 adds, is a vehicle ideal as a family wagon since it offers more room for passengers and their cargo. The T raveler’s large wheel base. Cater declares, plays a good role in making it ideal for towing trailers up to 
5.(Hit) pounds in weight” 

The International Har­ vester 
Co. branch’s manager is Lynn Owens, whose responsibilities take* in the northeastern sales locatio.i; service manager. Jim O’Neal; and parts manager. L. K. 
Dunn. 

CLASSIFIED OILWAY 

* 
2 Front and 2 middle hi- bock reclining bucket seats, upholstered in strip­ ed tweed. 

* 
I 
Rear jump seat, 
45° reclining or full recline, upholstered ' in striped tweed. 

* 
Door panels, rear inner side panels and headliner upholstered in matching seat material. 

* 
Entire floor area padded and covered in shag car­ pet. 
INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER 
SCOUT SALES 
EXIT O S CAST O N R IT T IM A N RD 
T A K I INDUSTRY FA R K DRIVE TO SALES LOT 
6 6 1 -3 5 6 2 

Scout the America others fats by iii 
Ports, Soles, Service 
T IS Steves Ave. 
534-5471 

CLASSIFIED O ILW AY 
Announcing 

Sa n Antonio's N ew est R V Dealer . . 
SOUTH TEXAS 
TRAILERS & SUPPLY, Inc. 
1121o IH 35 NORTH e 
653-4161 
YOUR FULL SERVICE R V DEALER WITH 
EXPERIENCED PERSO N N EL TO SERVE YOU 

C =D MOBILE C=3 
I— ictnni im 

TRAVEL TRAILERS 

M IN I M O TO R HOME 

TRAVEL TRAILERS 

M IN I M OTOR HOMES 

COME SEE THESE UNITS O N DISPLAY AT 
THE RV SH O W A CONVENTION CENTER A MAR. 9-13 

Qxeeutive; 
Motorhomes 

ON DISPLAY AT CAMPER & TRAVEL SHOW 

CLASSIFItD DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DISPLAY 
CLASSIFIED DIS P l AT 

PRICES START at *24,4oo 
Plus destination charges 
TINO AU & SON MOTOR HOMES 
46oo Son Pedro_________________ 
736-1561 

SCOUT FAMILY CRUISER 
• PLUSH SPECIAL EDITION e 
★FAMILY SIZE 4 WD TRAVELERS 

-----------1977 TRAVELER 

A IR S T R E A M 

TRAVEL 
TRAILERS a promise of a better way of life 
ARGOSY 

TRAVEL TRAILERS 
M OTOR HO M ES 

C LA SSIFIE D D IS P L A Y 
C L A S S tF IE O rO IS P lA Y 
C LA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
LIVELY TRAILER CO 

281o BLANCO RD. 
736-1663 
(CLOSE TO INTERSECTION OF FRESNO AND BLANCO) 

 c 
LZ 

Grill guard or he 
»65°o 

YOUR 
CHOICE he rack. 

 installed 

! 26 GALLON AUXILIARY GAS 

TANKS FITS MOST PICKUPS ONLY*69” 

Hydraulic Jacks 

I V i" Ton 

Reg. ll 95 

3 Ton I 695 Reg. 19.95 

Rem em ber When "Com ics” 

W ere "Funnies” ? 
THEY STILL ARE! 

In the Sunday Express-News 

C LA S S IFIE D D IS P L A Y 
C LA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
CLA SSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEWS— Saturday March 12 1977 

LIVELY TIRE CO., 281o Blanco Rd., offers comprehensive tire sales and service, includ­ ing tires and accessories for pickup trucks, four-wheel drive vehicles and large trucks. 
Red Shanklin, above, is vice president. 

JE R R Y M EM A 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

 t i * JORDAN FORD 
Your Recreation Vehicle Specialists 
To Suit Every Outdoor Spirit 

Catch the 
Courier Spirit 

C h e ck the 29 w a y s 

 to trick up the 

 tough F o rd Courier! 

FORD F-1oo CUSTOM 
FLARESIDE 

With Free-Wheelin' Option 

ECONOLINE 1'CRUISING VAN 

Delivers the solid basics of a van plus the fun time cruising package. 

FORD F-1oo 
EXPLORER 

With Pickup Box Cover. 

DOWNTOWN 

S. St. Mary's at Durango 
227-1311 

NORTH SIDE 

 loop 41o at McCullough 
344-8396 

SOUTHSIDE 

414 S.W Military Dr. 
923-4566 

Van is 
'i' in SA 

It is so in that it now has a name: Yan-mania. 
If you happen to have missed out on the latest 
West Coast fad. there’s good news in San Anton­ io. 
Je r r y .Mum a of the 
Hemphill 
- 
McCombs 
Good Times Center has issued an invitation for 
South Texans to visit the tenter right across from 
Hemphill 
- McCombs 
Ford. 1o1o San Pedro. 
Je rry can not only show the latest in Ford vans. but also in 
Chevrolet and Dodge styles, all decked out in high fashion by the Good 
Times Van people. Hem­ phill-Met airn bs is the ex­ clusive distributor for 
Good Time Vans within a 
5o-mile radius. 
So you won’t sound like you just came to town on a load of cabbage, here’s a little "van talk’’ to keep you from sounding like a hick. 
Don’t talk about the fat radial tires. Make a cool remark like. "Those are sure wide weenies." 
And. if you want, talk price, trade and delivery time. 
Good Time Vans are built by Ford. Dodge arid 
Chevrolet, but the custo­ mized finishing is done right here in Texas, so if you want something not in stock, delivery time is normally less than two weeks. 
If you want to buy a barefoot van and start out with your own con­ version or you want to install a regular Good 
Times kit a little at a time, Jerry will Im * glad to show you how easy it is to do 

C LASSIFIED D IS PLA Y 
CLASSIE IID D IS P L A Y 

ELKHART 

TRAVEL TRAILER CENTER 
42oo Roosevelt 
923-8651 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

SA SQU AICH 
Exclusive at Gillespie 

4-WHEEL DRIVE 
FORD COURIER 

SAVE 
’3oo 

GILLESPIE 
TRUCK CENTER 

2411 BROADWAY 
227-1419 

Spring Special Sale 

1977 PICKUPS 

$9oo°° DISCOUNT 
OFF WINDOW STICKER PRICE 
O N A N Y PICKUP IN STOCK 

Good Supply of SPORTSMANS, VAN S and RAMCHARGERS at SUBSTANTIAL DISCOUNTS! 
o. R. MITCHELL DODGE 
TRUCK HEADQUARTERS 

12oo BR O A D W A Y 
227-2281 

San Antonio EXPRESS-NEW S— Saturday March 12 1977 
Certified is top U.S. Coleman dealer 

SAU 

C ertified 
C am ping 
( enter is the number one 
Coleman camper trailer dealer in the U S. 
And the firm , 16539 
Iii-35 North in Selma, can prove it. 
Prominently displayed at Certified is Coleman's 

President’s Cup. aw ard­ ed tp Certified owners 
Paul and Jean King to signify th e ir national leadership 

Certified also has re­ ceived two Scotty awards for being second in the 

I ' 
.... 
I 
CERTIFIED C am p in g Center specializes in C olem an products 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

K C TRAILERS 
SALES & RENTALS 
71o WEST AVE. 

T R A V E L T R A IL E R S & C A M P I N G T R A IL E R S 

See the New LARK & TRAVELMATE. 

 lf you're looking for the best way lo travel, first, select the 

 type of Vehicle you prefer to tow. 
CALL US: 735-3931 

★ See Our Exhibit at the RV Show A 

CLASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 

SEE THE NEW 1977 
MODELS AT THE SHO W 

T W IL IG H T 
B U N G A L O W 

3 ® 

• In butin*** 79 ytar* 

• O n * o f l h * la r g e s t d is p la y * o f 5 l h w h * * t tra ito r* in t h * c o u n t r y 
• O n* of th* largos! displays af popular priced traitor* in 
Texas 
• F id **rvK* on oH brands 

• W e s * lt 'e m a n d w * u s * e m 

• S o u t h e d * lo c a t io n s a v e * y o u m o n e y 

•to ng in bus m n far ever J * ye a n a n d one a f lh* largest 5rh w h eel deat- 

 e n in Terns, ere p re m ie the best m M le rh c e b t re a e a tw n a l vehicle. 
HARPER MOTOR CO. 
C A M P E R L A N l) 
24o1 S.W.W. Military Hr. 
924-551 I 
(A rro w fro m South Park M a ll) 
OPEN WEEKDAYS TIL 6 P M 
SUNDAY 1:3o ’TIL 6 

Buy your 
Coleman now... t 
>< 

We’ll mflRe your 

 f i r s t payment 

Payments ’til Spring 

The earlier you buy, the more it's worth! 

Just purchase your favorite Coleman Camping Trailer before March 31, 1977. 
We ll give you the cash to make your first payment. 

Choose a Coleman made for small-car towing...or a big luxury model with queen size beds. Whichever Coleman you buy, there s no better time than now...while we ll make the early payments for you! 
March Purchase 
Buy a Coleman 
You ll save camping trailer this much on in Marcn, 1977 your purchase'* 
Brandywine 
.... ................................ $75 
Lexington 
.... 
75 
Yorktown ................;............... 
75 
Saratoga ................. 
7o 
Valley Forge .... 
65 
Concord ......... 
65 
Gettysburg 
......... 
5o lim ite d tim* otter 
Marc!) 31, 1977 B aa*'I on viarxted 36 month faw ning rn 12 bW on suggested otto* poco with 1o% down payment 

( n m 
T roihrs 

C E R T I F I E D 

16539 IH 35 NORTH 

Good ai continental U S A only 
SELMA EXIT 
651-6o62 

Midwest region in Scotty sales. 
Founded in 1967 in San 
Antonio, Certified moved to Selm a a couple of years ago for better ac­ cessibility. 
Besides selling equip­ ment. including Kit Road and Ranger brands. Cer­ tified also installs hitches md electric brake con­ 

 trols. sells trailer insur­ ance, services all trailers it sells, offers security storage, rents luggage and trailers, installs roof mount air and all type of awnings, installs au to ­ mobile w iring co n n ec­ tors, sells 
Colem an stoves, lanterns, sleeping bags, tents, coolers and catalytic heaters, repairs 

 parts for all equipment sold, provides financing at bank rates and pro­ vides emergency referral service for all RV prob­ lems. 

Certified, 651-6o62, in­ vites South Texans to v is it and inspect its wide range of c a m p e r equipment and supplies. 

C LA S SIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LASSIFIED D IS P L A Y 
C LA S SIFIED D IS P L A Y 

V o lk sw a g e n 
M A K E THE M O ST OF THE 
OUTDOORS IN A LONE STAR CAMPER * A 
/ 4 
4 

Model No. P21 

Side Tent At Optional Cost. 

’ Suggested 
1977 
Retail 
Price fa it 
Coost 
P O E . 

 transportation, local taxes and dealer delivery 

 charges additional 
^vW /////y 

CAMPMOBILE 
Lone Star 
VOLKSW AGEN 
33o3 BROADW AY 
824-7311 
Sales Open 9-9—-Service 7-6 
Parts Open All Day Saturday 

.............. " '/ / / / s 
CHOOSE FROM 
^ 
^ 
OVER IOO CARS! 

Z Z r r 
Bank Rate Financing 
^ — 
} 

— l r 
Available Up To 48 
~ ~ 

"777--^; 
Mos. 

37^ 
3 Yr. or 5o,ooo 
^ 
7 
Mile Service 

^ i ! i « 

“FAMILY FUN IN THE O U TD O O RS” 
The 1977 San Antonio 
Camping & 
TRAVEL SHOW 
Wednesday, Mar. 9 — 
Sunday, Mar. 13 
Convention Center Exhibit Hall 

Fold-Out Campers • Pickup Coaches • Fifth Wheels 
Travel Trailers • Van Campers • Motor Homes 
— plus — 

RV Accessories • Vans • Campgrounds 
Marinas • Outdoor Clubs 

TRAVEL 

* 

★ Mexican Tourist Bureau * Resorts 

— a n d — 
★ Falstaffs Annual Dart Classic lr 
* Continous Travel Film Theatre ★ 

SHOW STARTS AT I P.M. 

Admission: Adults $2.oo — Children under 12 5oo 

Wednesday through Friday.,.5:oo p m. to 1o:oo p m. 
Saturday 1:oo p.m. to 1o:oo p.m. — Sunday 1:oo p.m. to 7.oo p m 

Sponsored by th* Alamo Chapter of the Recreational Vehicle Dealers of America 

C L A S S IF IC D ISPLAY 
C IA SSI# IID DISPLAY 
San Antonio EXPRESS-N EW S— Saturday M arch I 2 I 9 7 7 

R ahm berg expands inventory 

Come Early—Mony are Limited Specials 

Rahmberg 
Mobile 
H om es, 
2271 
A ustin 
Hwy., has expanded its line of recreational vehi­ cles during the past year land is offering travel­ conscious custom ers an outstanding line of vehi­ cles. 
With its theme, “ Bring 
A m erica to your door­ step” in mind, officials 

 at Rahmberg now feature an extensive line of travel trailers and campers in­ cluding the highly popu­ lar Venture tent camper, the Aristocrat and the 
Nomad travel trailers. 
A sp o k esm a n at 
Rahmberg points out the firm offers the finest in trailers and also the fin­ est in service with a full 

 se r v ic e d ep a rtm en t ready to meet the needs of the company’s many customers and also new ones visiting the center for the first time. 
Rahmberg is starting off the new year with some outstanding motor vehicles such as the 1977 
Titan and Champion mo­ tor h o m es that offer 

 rugged all-around steel frame construction and ureth an e foam in s u la ­ tion. 
Rahmberg is particu­ larly proud of its Titan mini-motor homes, fully self-contained, at a rea­ sonable price, making this ou tstan d in g buy available to most lovers of the open road. 

A ft SANNINO SPECIALS 
1o% OFF 

 l f ' . r n 
Th* u ltim o ! * n o m * in 
R*<V** o w n in g * l o t j roll U p a a * w n in IS 
••c*n*l*. All 

★ NO FANCY AISLES ★ 
★ JUST LOW PRICES ★ 

WI SERVICE A U MANES 
* APPLIANCE REPAIR * 
Ar CHASSIS SERVICE A 
A STATS INSPECTION * 
A CUSTOMIZING A 

No Job loo Small or Too Bip! 

★ TRA VET QUEEN | 

KINGS HIGHWA Y 
J 
★ A N D KEYSTONE I 
MOTOR HOMES 
312o SOETH PADRE ISLAND DRIVE 
CORRES CHRISTI, TX. 78115 
PHONE: 512-85 4 -5 3 8 4 

A nother unit h igh ly admired and which is al­ so featured at Rahmberg is the new 16'v-foot Ban­ tam, fully self-contained with all steel cage con­ struction and held to a price below many other similar motor homes. 
“ It s a great b u y .” says one of the proud salesmen at Rahmberg. 

Special service offered 

Mission Travel Center, a complete recreational vehicle headquarters at 
13o6 Austin Hwy , not on­ ly spec lalizes i i i an ex­ ten siv e line of m otor homes, but offers special service for all makes. 

Manager Bill McKel- vey points out Mission offers 25 different floor plans at the centrally lo­ cated cen ter just one block west of the Shera­ ton Motel. 

Recently appointed the ex clu siv e San Antonio dealer for the luxurious 
Cobra m otor h om es. 
Mission also has tin1 dis­ tinction of carrying more lines of m otor hom es than any other dealer i i i 
San Antonio. 

T h ese inclu d e the 
Fleetw ood, considered the world's largest man­ ufacturer of m otor homes, the Tioga. South­ w ic k American Clipper. 
M obile 
T rav eler and 
Cruise Master 
Most of theso lines are 

 i i i s i c k , says Mc helves, with a full service de­ partment open five days a week for work ranging from minor repairs to a complete rebuilding job 

McKelvcv poults out all in terested c u sto m er visiting Mission can get a look at a wide range tit recreational vehicles. 

C lA S S IfltO D U A !A Y 

I * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

; 
K EN S R .V . 
♦ CENTER IN C . 

* 
DIALER FOR: 
CO M A, TRA V U 
QUEEN, ALLEGRO 

AMERICANA, TEC, 

GOLDEN fALCON 
S A U S , SIA V ie r AND suppers 
TEMPLE, TEXAS 765o1 
SI SI. AMO W ADAMS 
• I 7—7/3 3363 

R V n j 
INSURANCE 
I 
• AU TYPES • 
! 
I tMCUKHMO KIST AIS 
| 
• ti!****! /fit* HI tow* 
8 
I 
PAUL HEIDT i 
I 
INSURANCE 
I 
6 3oo PARK TEN • 
SUITE 265 South 
J 
732 V741 
6S6 HOA «»*» , 

VISIT OUR SHOW DISPLAY! compte,* (f/Mission^) 
Rvsaie. 
^Travel Center^ and 
Service 
13o6 AUSTIN HWY. 

I foo/,fy 
8 2 4 - 3 2 4 8 

San Antonio EXPR ESS-N EW S— Saturday March 12 I 977 

Houri; 1o*6:3o 

TRAVEL CENTER 
18o2 NVY. Loop 41o 
734-5131 

 one block west of Fredericksburg Rd. 
T M A V I I C E IM T E R 

B IL L P O I LOS 
Super sales seen 

Veteran automan Bill 
Poults, general manager or North Central Ford. 
98tHI San Pedro, sees 1977 as a “ super sales year.” 
And 
North 
C en tral owner and president Don 
P. lin kman has reason to 
In' optimistic. 
With one of the finest lines of Fords ever to hit sh ow room s a c r o ss the country, North Central 
Ford has been enjoying m a jo r tra ffic and in­ c r e a se d p u rc h a se s by happy customers. 
G oing from the o u t­ sta n d in g all-new 1977 
Thunderbird to the full* size. highly desired LTD to the great intermediate 
Granada, North Central is displaying what Poulos feels are some of the fin­ est products ever in the long and prestigious his­ tory of Ford Motor Co. 
“ B u sin ess looks real good,” says the smiling 
Poulos as he notes the other eye-catching cars such as the Torino, Mus­ tang and Pinto also are 
“ moving right along” in sales. 
Poulos points out that in addition to a complete and varied line of spank­ ing new Ford products, 
North Central Ford also features one of the most extensive lines of first class uses! cars. 
“ We only carry late models and extra clean used cars that have been thoroughly tested and checked by our expert m e c h a n ic s and test drivers," Poulos says. 
North C entral F o rd , just noQth of Loop 41o on 
Sun Pedro, has am ple space for customers and a large showroom with a giant lot for its used cars 
The well known and highly respected firm a1 so is considered one of the major Ford full ser­ vice d ealers in T exas 
The firm also has a fine line of tru ck s and re c r e a tio n a l v e h ic le s, a first cla ss service and parts department and an o u tsta n d in g paint and body shop. 
“ We are here to serve our custom ers, old and new, in the best way we know how, and that m ean s only one thing, strictly first class service for one and a ll,*’ sa y s 
Poulos. 

Antes, 38o2 NW Loop -HO near 
Wonderland Shopping City, is m an ­ aged by Cody Barron and assistant 
Paula Barnds. 

They invite all who are interested in getting outfitted for spring and sum ­ mer cam ping to visit the huge Antes lot. It is easily accessible from Loop 
41o and its large sign is an easily visible landmark. 

Floor 

Antes features light portable fold­ down (limpers for outdoor “ roughing it" with the assurance of a solid floor beneath. 

There are also cabover cam pers and truck mounts which can be unhooked and left at the campsite. 

A co m p le te se lectio n of travel trailers and fifth wheels is available from A ntes. T h e se , of c o u rse , are 

Covers 

Are you into cam per covers? 
Antes has more than 8o covers for every model truck. Choose from the less expensive Imperial to a Winneba­ go. In the intermediate range. Pony 
Coach and Beard are available. 
First class 

Mavin? you want to go first class. 
Antes can help you do that, too, with 
Country Squire and Brougham mini- motor hom es which are com pletely self-contained 

Parts, serv ice and accessories for all trailers and cam pers also are available at Antex. 

R e m e m b e r — when you think of cam ping, think first of Antex Travel 
Center, because whatever you need, that s where you can find it. 
P A U LA B A R N D S, C o d y Barron of A n te x Travel Center 

CLASSIFIED DISMAY 
CLASSI*lfO DISMAY 
C LA SSIF IC DISM A Y 
CLASSIFIfD DISMAY 
CLASSIFIED d i s m a y 
CLASSIFIED DISMAY 

 u 
- i%% . ‘ ANIEX* 
' 
THI ANSW ER TO A l l TOUR C AM PIN G NCCDSI 

BROUGHAM 
AND 
COUNTRY 
SQUIRE 
M INI-M OTOR 
HOMES 

The Ultimate in design and engineering for free-spirited people. 

W ILDERNESS 5TH WHEELS lf a 5th wheel unit is an exciting part of your get-away plan— be sure to check the Wilder­ ness line. From the smallest to the 3o foot in a variety of floor plans. 

FOLDING H ARDTOP CAM PER 
A well thought-out approved to planning in a folding camper. Standard equipment. 

• SS Ik. R ife s t 
• TkrM 11oV rvceptadts 
• 3 burn** rang* w /M 
• W ast* watar tank taal end oth»r 
• Sink w/1o gal. wa!tr tank 
*qwipm*nt not listed. 

 us 

AT THE s 
H 
O 
W 

W ILDERNESS 
Floor plans and length is important in the selec­ tion of a travel trailer best suited to your family needs. Antex offers variety & quality with with the Wilderness line. 

HARD SPDE Truck M ount 
Brand New! Carefully planned! Plenty of sleep­ ing area— the restyled cab-over bunk with a bookcase headboard/ the dinette that concerts and then an optional cabinet bunk. 

Antex Travel Center has a large selection o f cam ping vehicles 

Antex Travel Center has one of the largest selection s of vehicles and equipment for camping and traveling. 

 homes away irom lome for the tra ­ veler who wants to take his home and have it, too.