at 


4 


- question the world’s greatest colora- 


* season in New York for the premier 


* opera season of unprecendented bril- 


 & 


4 


_“Ernani,” the fine old Verdi opera, 


sl 


;* 


~ 


} seems acceptable all the way around. 


UPON APRIL 24Th; 


tion, assure Atlanta of the most nota- 


ever presented here by the Metropoli- 


#Ubree Kings,” 


¢ 


VOL. LIV., No. 210. 


ATLANTA, GA, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 8, 1922. 


OXLEY MORNING SEWSPAPER 


ATLANTA 


Pag cote 


Sunday. weekly 
Daily, bc; 


-. 
é. 
* os : 
2 
~. 
see 
' — a4 4 
4 : t 
, ~ R 
% $ * 
B Be 
- t 
> « 
> 


DAIL, EIREANN VOTES RATIFICATION OF TREAT 
AND DE VALERA RESIGNS IRISH PRESIDENCY 


Twelfth Grand Opera Season Contract Closed 


COMPTON MURDER 
1S STIL SHROUDED 
NN DEEP MYSTERY 


OPERA WEEK OPENS 
STARS 10 APPEAR 


Atlanta Wins 1922 Metro-: 


‘ Marquis Okuma is stil] alive, “and that 


politan Contract Over 
Number of Other Larger 
Cities Making Bids. 


_THREE GREAT TENORS, 
GALLI-CURCI COMING 


Brilliant Cast Assured for 
Entire Season — German 
Opera Included in Ten- 
tative Program. 


Despite the clamor of a_ dozen 
American cities of larger population 
for Atlanta’s season of opera, the At- 
lanta Music Festival association NSat- 
urday closed with the Metropolitan 
Opera company for the twelfth annual 
visit of the world’s most famous mnu- 
sical organization. Preliminary an- 
nouncement of the season’s plans by 
Cc. B. Bidwell, representing Colonel 
W. L. Peel, president of the associa- 


ble list of stars to appear here ‘in 
years. A tentative list of operas has 
been submitted guaranteeing one of 
most aritistic and pleasing programs 


open Mo nday, April 


ads rr AF ; tae ae st yj 
péeriot. The list.of stars will be head- ) 
ed by Amelita Galli-Curci,. beyond 


tura soprano, while the Metropojitan 
will send to Atlanta its three leading 
tenors, who have been struggling all 


place vacated by the lamented Caruso. 
Three Great Tenors. 

This struggle between Gigli and 
Martinelli, the brilliant Italians, and 
Orville Hatrold, the greatest Amert- 
can tenor, will be renewed in Atlanta, 
and as has proved the case in New 
York, it is expected to develop an 


liance and charm. 

Nothing definite has been arranged 
as yet in reference td program. A list 
of suggestions from Gatti-Cazazza, 
impresario, bas been received by the 
Music Festival association, which 
will be added to by the association 
and finally agreed on as soon as the 
annual guarantee fund is raised. 

Mr. Gatti-Cazazza’s list included 


revived with the year; “Lorelay,” a 
modern work produced by the Metro- 
politan for the first time this season, 
Bizet's “Carmen,” “The Love of 
“Faust,” “Tosca,” a 
double bill of “Cavalleria Rusticanna”’ 
and “Pagliacci,” “Traviata,” one of 
Gaili- Curci’ s favorite roles, and “Lob- 
engrin,” 
May Be Changes. 

“Of course,” explained Mr. Bidwell, 
“it is impossible to say at this time 
which seven of these operas we will 
get. We may get none of them. It 
is ove custom to send back sugges- 
tions to the Metropolitan company 
and we always suggest operas that we 
think will appeal particularly to our 
southern clientele. Generally, our 
suggestions carry the utmost weight 
with the Metropolitan company. 

“Howeve1, :t may be considered as- 
sured that ‘Traviata’ and ‘Lohengrin’ 
will be on the list. ‘Traviata’ is 
probably the best vehicle for Galli- 
Curci’s vocalization that she hag in 
frer repertoire, while we have decided 
to revive our old system of producing 
one German opera, and ‘Lohengrin’ 


“Then, it has become one of the 


Continued on Page 4, Column 2. 


—THE— 
BOYS 
GIRLS 
‘MEN 

WOMEN 


~ ALL ENJOY IT AND 
YOU CAN WIN 


| 


* 


* 


* * 


« 


* *- 


* 


\Marquis ‘Ohume 
Still Breathing, 
Says Cablegram 


Japanese Statesman’s Phy- 
sicians Mistook State of 
Coma for Death. 


Honolulu, January 7.—A report that 


the news of his death, given out yester- 
day from Tokio, was erroneous, was 
contained in a Tokio cablegram re- 


_| ceived here late today by the Japanese 


language newspaper Nippu Jiji. At- 
tending physicians were quoted in the 
cablegram. 

The marquis, officially quoted “dead 
yesterday, regained consciousness to- 
day and was still breathing slightly 


when the cablegram was filed, it de- 
clared. His physicians announced that 
a state of coma, into which the mar- 
quis had fallen, had been mistaken for 
death. 

The news of Okuma’s death was not 
officially announced in Tokio until 


Continued on Page 7, Oolumn 5. 


UNIV. OF AMERICA 
I) ESTABLISHED; 
SUCCEEDS LANIER 


Formation of Great Na- 
tional Co-Educational In- 
stitution Founded on La- 
nier Organization An- 


> 


DRIVE FOR MILLION 


TO SUPPORT SCHOOL | 


Building Plans on Site 
Near Atlanta to Be 
Launched Next Month. 


Simmons President. 


Announcement of the _ establish- 
ment in Atlanta of a great co-edu- 
cational university to be known as 
the “University of America,” based 
on the present Lanier university or- 
ganization, and launching of a na- 
tion-wide campaign to raise $1,000,- 
000 as an initial building fund was 
made Saturday by General N. B. For- 
rest, secretary and general mana- 
ger of the new institution. The name 
“Lanier university,” will be» aban- 
doned_and the new name “University 
of America,” will be used hereafter. 

It is stated that work on the build- 
ing plans will begin in February at 
a site near Atlanta to be announced 
later and that the institution will 
open next fall with an enrollment 


of pot less than 2,000 students. 

he million dollars to be raised 
in the campagin will be used as an 
initial building fund on a permanent 
and enlarged university campus, the 
exact location of which will be an- 


Continued on Page 7, Column 3. 


WALTON BUILDING 
SOLD FOR $100,000 


Modern Four-Story Struc- 
ure Bought by J. Bulow 
Campbell From Hotel 
Equipment Company. 


For a consideration of approximate- 
ly $106,000, the modern four-story 
building at 38-40 Walton street has 
been sold by the Hotel Equipment 
company, its present occupants, to J. 
Bulow Campbell, president of the R. O. 
Campbell Coal company. 

A. B. Ware, president of the Hotel 
Equipment company, stated Saturday 
that his concern holds a five-year lease 
on the structure. At the expiration 
of five years, he stated, the company 
will erect a home of its own on Luckie 
street, adjacent to the Tabernacle 
Baptist church. 

The four-story building fronts 40 
feet on the south side of Walton street, 
directly opposite the entrance tothe 
federal building and runs back 100 
feet. The building is 100 feet from 
North Fortayth street. ° 

Pxact figures involved in the trans- 


Many Clues Are Follow- 

ed, But No Arrest Had 
_Been Made in the Case 
Late Saturday Night. 


REVOLVER IS TRACED 
TO SHREVEPORT FIRM 


“Mystery” Woman Not 
Important Witness, Says 
Boykin — Coroner Will 
Resume Inquest Monday. 


The veil of seemingly impenetrable 
mystery which for two days and nights 
has shrouded the killing of J. Russel} 
Compton, widely-known and univer- 
sally popular Atlanta business man, 
and secretary and general manager of 
the Nunnally-McRea overall manufac 
tory, Saturday remained unparted de- 
spite the fact that operatives of the 
local police and detective departments 
and of the solicitor-general’s office 
worked long into the night with fever- 
ish activity. 

Threads of evidence as thinly spun 
as the meshes of spider webs were fol- 
lowed with painstaking care, each 
lead, no matter how unimportant, were 
threshed to the. heart—and at the end 
sleuths assigned to the case ‘were 


forced to admit themselves facing a. 
a 


BY oA CLANS 


blank’-wall. . “¢ 

The killing, one of the most baf- 
flingly mysterious inAtlanta crime his- 1 
tory, has stirred the city as probably 
no other in recent years has’ done, 
largely due to the prominence and pop- 
ularity of Mr. *Compton. ‘The fact 
that the city is in the grip of a wave 
of crime has also.served to center uni- 
versal interest in the cise, 

Will Resume Hearing. 
Following a session of the coroner's 


Jury em panelled to investigate circum- 


‘stances surroundiag the slaying Fri- 
day and its failure to bring to light 
any fact which might serve te solve 
the mystery, Coroner Paul Donehoo 
will resume the hearing Monday morn- 
ing, when new witnesses are expected 
to be called. 

At this time, however, there is lit- 
tle promise of startling developments 
at that. time, but detectives declare 


that they will-remain hard at work 
with the hope of being able to unearth 


Continued on Page 3, Column 5. 


ena, ae 


action were not available, but it was | 38 


Georgia Doctors 


Differ on Alcohol 


Value to the Sick 


Majority Declare It Is Not 
Necessary as Therapeutic 
Agent. 


Georgia physicians are divided in 
opinion as to the necessity of alcohol 
as a therapeutie agent, but major 
portion of them are against its use, 
according to Saturday’s issue of The 
Journal of the American Medical as- 
sociation, which has just completed a 


canvass of the physicians of every” 


state in the union. 

The Journal sent questionnaires 
to 1,040 Georgia physicians, and only 
502 answers were received. In an- 
swer to the question: “Should physi- 
cians be restricted in prescribing whis- 
ky, beer and wine?” 307 physicians 
answered “yes,” while 173 answered 
“no.” 

The question: “Is whisky a nec- 
essary therapeutic agent?’ brought 
219 affirmative answers in Georgia 
and 281 negatives. The vote was 
as follows: Atlanta, yes 36, no 44; 
Savannah, yes 14, no 10; Augusta, 
yes 11, no 10; Macon, yes 5, no 10; 
a total for cities over 50,000 in popu- 
lation of yes, 66; no, 74; for rural 
districts, yes, 153; no, 207. 

Is Beer Necessary? 

“Is beer a necessary therapeutic 
agent?” brought a total of 114 yes, 
while 381 voted no. The complete 
vote was as follows: Atlanta, yes 21, 
no 59; Savannah, yes 6, no 18; Au- 
gusta, yes 4, no 17; Macon, yes 8, 
no 12; a total for cities over 50,000 
in popylaation of yes, 34; no, 106; 
for rurak districts, yes, 80; no, 275. 

“Is wine a wrt eae therapeutic 
agent?” received 112 affirmative 
votes among Georgia physicians, and 
380 negative votes. The voting was: 


Continued on Page 2, Colume &. 


Continued on Page 3, Column 6. 


It Must Be Stopped! 


> . <—S ——. 
= 


- Z a 
— <= 
Se 
ee 


DAVID T. BLODGETT 


Former Federal Prisoner 
Says Man Was Shot 
Down When He Asked 
for Hair Cut. 


WARDEN DYCHE WILL 
NOT DISCUSS CHARGE 


After Declaring That He 
Would Remain in Prison, 
Blodgett Accepts Com- 
mutation of Sentence. 


— * 


Charges that a federal prisoner was 
shot through the lung Thursday by a 
guard at the federal penitentiary were 
ri a in a telegram received by The 
Constitution Saturday night from 
West Point bearing the signature of 


| David T. Blodgett, political prisoner, 


who was released from the institution 
Saturday morning on a commutation 
of sentence granted by President Har- 
ding. 


Warden J. E. Dyche, when shown. 


the dispatch from Blodgett, declined 
to admit or deny the statement. “If 
any such incident had occurred it 
would have been reported by me to 
the proper authorities in Washing- 
ton,” the official stated. 

Blodgett. who was cenvicted in fed- 
eral court of violation of the espionage 
law left Atlanta Saturday morning 
with the announced intention of going 
to California via New Orleans. The 
wire was dispatched in West Point at 
7:44 p. m. 

Blodgett’s Telegram. 

The message reads: 

m mews Editor Constitution: Fed- 

eral prisoner received bullet 

through lung from guard’s pis- 
tol instead of hair cut which he 
had asked for. He was shot 

January 5. -Why does Warden 

Dyche conceal news of it?’ Was 

afraid “te mention it while in 

Georgia. Spanish inquisition had 

its Torquemada. Asfierican in- 

quisition had its Dyche. 
DAVID T. BLODGETT. 


Warden Dyche stated Saturday: 


night that he did not wish to make 
any reply to anything Blodgett might 
say. 

“It 1s impossible to maintain an in- 
stitution of 2,100 immates without 
having some trouble at times,” the 
warden stated when questioned as te 
Boldgett’s charge 

Blodgett saieel considerable public- 
ity during his several months’ confine- 


ment at the federal prison threeght 


Husband. First-Class, . 
But Wife in Steerage, 
Rouses Offigials’ I re! 


New York, January 7.—Moses Melo- 
mod, traleving first-class, and his wife, 
steerage, arrived today from Danzig on 
the Estonia. i 

‘Their two sons, meeting the ship, 
said it was all right for. father to 
travel in better style, because he was 
“a learned man.” 

“Ill learn him something,” 
migration Inspector Cowan, 

He took away Melomod’s first-class 
landing card, gave him a lecture on 
American chivalry and sent him to El-- 
lis Island to remain with his wife un- 
til she is examined Monday. 


MGORD REPORTED 
POLIGE PRISONER 


Alleged Bunco Man Who 
Is Badly Wanted in At- 
lanta and in Birmingham 
Caught, It Is Stated. 


— 


said Im- 


Charlie -McCord, alleged bunco 
artist, badly wanted by state and fed- 
eral officials in Atlanta and in Bir- 
mingham and said to have’ jumped a 
$10,000 bond in the Alabama city, is 
reported to be under arrest in Long- 
beach, Cal. It is understood an ef- 
iort will be made to have him returned 
to Georgia to face trial. 

McCord, it is said, was arrested 
under the name of Charles Mansfield, 
when the police raided a fashionable 
house, and jailed Elmer E. Dowdy, 
said to be under indictment in Phila- 
delphia for robbing Mrs. Steadman 
Bent, wife of the vice president of the 
Pennsylvania Steel company, of $30,- 
000 worth of diamonds. Dowdy’s 
vrother, Roy, and wife, also were ar- 
rested. 

Lorgbeach police say that they are 
confident Mansfield is McCord and 
that he is the one wanted by Atlanta 
police. They are now trying to con- 
nect him with a big chaifi of bunco 
deals. They say that the Dowdys 
joined McCord in Atlanta, and then 
went west with them. 

Charlie McCord is under state and 
federal-indictment here for his alleged 
connection with the C. 8S. Madeira, 
Reading, Pa., man, bunco deal. In 
Alabama, it is stated, he was arrested 


|in Huntsville, and forfeited a $10,000 


| bond put up with the federal court in 
| Birmingham. 
ARTHUR YOUNG, BUNCO 
— SEEKS FREEDOM. 
tending that the indictment to 

ehich he entered a plea of guilty last 
June was illegal, Arthur Young, self- 
eonfessed member of the bunco syndi- 
‘cate, sought his release from the fed- 
| eral eral penitentiary Saturday in a peti- 
tion for habeas corpus filed in the 
United States district court. 

Yo was arrested in May in Salt 
Lake y. Utah, by Postoffice 1 


MEASURE DECIDED 


In- | and 


OF SOLDIER BONUS 


At White House Dinner, 
Harding and the Party 
Leaders Plan to Push 
Bill. 


WOULD DEFRAY COST 
FROM ALLIED DEBTS 


Other Matters Discussed 
Included Permanent 
Tariff and Refunding 
Biil on Allies’ Debts. 


BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. 

Washington, January 7.—A _ gener- 
al agreement for the enactment of a 
bonus bill for former service men | 
earl yin the present session of con- 
gress, it was indicated, hand been 
reached at the conclusion of a white 
house dinner conference tonight be- 
tween President Harding and a num 
ber of senators and representatives, 
and member sof the cabinet. 

The plan contemplated, it was um 
derstood, that the cost of the bonus 
will be defrayed, if possible, from re- 
ceipts from the allied debts to the 
Un'ted States. If these are not suf- 
ficient, it was said, it was tentatively 
suggested that a sales tax might be 
supported by the administration for 
the purpose. 

All the agreements reached tonight 
were provisional, it was emphasized 
by those who attended, and subject to 
revision if a further canvass of senti- 
ment among republicans in the house 
and senate make it necessary. Other 
items of iegislation under discussion 
included the permanent tariff and the 
refunding bill for the allied debt. 

Lasted to Midnight. 

The conference lasted from 7 p. m. 
until midnignt aad those present said 
that every possible detail of the leg- 
ilative situation was discussed but 
although it was not the intention to 
draw up definite plans or a definite 
program until other conferences have 
been held, it. was indicated that Pres-; 
ident Harding would call in other 
representatives and senators later to 
give a broader scope to the discus- 
sion. The bonus bill it was said, 
would probably be brought up in the 
eenate in the very near future as a 
result of the negofiations tonight. 


In.the party whch assembled to-/. 


night were five senators, seven mem- 


bers of the house, two members of the 
eabinet, Attorney-General Waugherty 
Secretary of War Weeks, and 


Centinaed on Page 3, Column 5. 


Aelia, a Tales, Giiaah a 


and fatally injured 


der, ae | 


“Continued ou Page 2, Colgma 8. i 


MRS. RF. MANES 
DIES OF INURE 
NN AUTO. ACCIDENT 


Auto, Which Hit Her, Is 
Abandoned and Men 
Disappear After Helping 
Her Into Another Car. 


J. S. PRITCHETT JAILED 
AND IS DENIED BOND | 


Phelps Sassen Held as a 
Material Witness—K.F. 
Rosendall Sustains Frac- 
tured Arm in Accident. 


R. F. Maness, of 10 Kimball 
was struck by an automobile 
late Saturday 
afternoon at Kimball and West Peach- 
tree streets, dying at 6 o’clock at 
the Davis-Fischer sanitarium, where 
she was taken after the accident. 

The automobile whith struck her 
skidded into a telephone pole and was 
hadly damaged. Two white men rid- 
ing in it got out, helped Mrs. Maness 
into another car and disappeared in 
the crowd which gathered. 

T. S&S. Prichett, 34, of 147 Confed- 
erate avenue, suspected by the police 
of having been the driver of the car, 
was late Saturday night arrested by 
detectives at his home, and is being 
held without bond on a charge of mur- 


Mrs. 
street, 


- Held as Witness. 
Phelps Sassen, 50, of Early, S8,°C., 
t whe is said to have only recently 


IN BROKEN KEN VOICE, 


DE VALERA PLEADS iam 


FOR THE HE REPUBLIC’ 


News of Victory by the 
Treaty Supporters Is 
Received by Cheers of 
Waiting Crowds. = x, | 

FURTHER STRUGGLES 
BY “DIE-HARDS” LIKELY 


Concluding Debate on 
Pact Creating Irish Free 
State Develops Much 
Heated Argument. 


BY THR ASSOCIATED PRESS. 

Dublin, Januray 7.—The treaty ere- 
ating the Irish Free State was rati- 
fied tonight by the dail eireann. By 
a majority of seven votes, 64 to 57, 
the dail gave its approval to the docu- 
ment signed by its delegates at Lon- 
don. 

Coincidentally, Eamon de Valera 
announced his resignation from the 
presidency of the Irish republic. 

The news was received with the 
greatest enthusiasm and the patient 
crowds which had waited for houre 
outside the University building in 
anticipation of a decision, burst into 
cheering, even before the official fig- 
ures were announced. 

Ratificataion of the treaty came 
after a day of intense excitement 
and heated controversy. Although the 
result was as had been expected, the 
majority in favor of the agreement 
was greater than had been counted 
on almost up to the last minute. 

Gasp of Relief. 

A tense. strained silenté prevailed 3 
while the vote was being taken, and . 
a gasp of relief went up from the 
supporters of the treaty when the 


come to Atlanta and who is believed ¢ result was announced. A dramatic 


to have been in the car with Prichett , 
ct the time of the accident, is also 
held at. police station without privi- | 
lege of bond as a material witness. 

Prichett denied being the driver of | 
the car which caused the death of | 
Mrs. Maness. He admitted that the, 
car was his and that he was driving 
out West Peachtree at the time of the 
accident, but claimed that an auto- 
mobile just ahead of his own struck 
-he woman. 

Sassen, who with Prichett was sub- 
jected to a prolonged grilling by Chief 
of Detectives, A. Lamar Poole and 
operatives of his dejurtment, refused 
to discuss the matter with any one. | 
He said he would talk at the proper 
time. 

Chief Poole informed newspaper- 
men that both Prichett and Sassen 
had been drinking. They are said to 
be connected with a local film con- 


cern. 


Bloodstains Charged. ! 

In reply to Prichett’s protestation | 
that another car aria not his struck 
Mrs. Maness, detectives declared that | 

’ 
examination of Prichett’s auto re- 
vealed a, dented fender and bloodstains 
and matted hair. 

They add that, after seeking in- 
formation relative to the identity of | 
the two men in the ear, they went to | 
Prichett’e home and at the front door | 
were met py Prichett and Sassen, 
who had: packed suitcases in their 
hands seemingly in readiness to leave 
the city. 

Just prior to the arrest, detectives 
had secured the owner’s name of the 


Continued on Page 3, Column 4. 


ARGUE GAS RATE 
IN NEW MENS = 


Hearit.2™%s Scheduled for 
Louisiana Town Because 
Three Fed ‘ Judges 
Not Available Here. 


Hearing of the petition of the Geor- 
gia Railway and Power company for 
an injunction to stay the Georgia rail- 


; “the republic” 


scene ensued, when De Valera stood 
up and in broken voice, which vi- 
brated with emotion, declared that 
must be carried on. 

Eventually he broke down so com- 
pletély that he was unable to proceed. 
The dail eireann, with one accord, 
applauded and cheered him. 

The situation at the adjournment 
of the dail appeared to remain chaotic. 
The dail will meet on Monday and 
there is no disposition revealed by 
De Valera and his followers to aban- 
don the factional. struggle. 

Dublin Jubilant. 

The future control of the Trish 
republican army is tonight the sub- 
ject of anxious speculation, ays 
Charles Burgess, who strongly op- 
posed the treaty is the minister of 
defense. So far as the public is con- 
cerned, Dublin seems delighted over 
ratification. Arthur Griffith and his 
colleagues on emerging from the par- 
liament, were wildly cheered and the 
tity tonight is in jubilant spirits. 

Qn the announcement of phe fig- 


ures, De Valera rose and dec lared that 
the Irish people had established a 
republic, and until the Irish people 
in a regular manner disestablished the 
republic it constitutionallys went on. 


The Weather 
PROBABLY -RAIN. 


bt sh n oe eee: 
7eorgia: robably rain Sunda 
and Monday; warmer Monday. : 


ies m, Noon. 7 p. m. 
. 43 44 40) 
4 41 3S. 
83 §2 80 


Reports of Weather * Bureau Stations. 
STATIONS Temperature. ares 


{—_——---———— hre. 
7 9.m. 1 High. | Inches, 
44 


Dry temperature . 
Wet bulb 
Relative pumidity . 


ATLANTA, eld. 
‘ngham, cldy. 
Boston, cloudy . 
 Baffalo, ebady: 
Cc ‘harleston, eldy 
Chicago, cloudy 

nver, clear 4+ 
D. Moines, elr, 
Galveston, cldy 
Hatteras, p. cld. 
Havre, p. cloudy 
Jack’ville, eldy. 


toad commission’s order for a reduc- 
tion in the gas rate will be held 


it was announced Saturday by Judge 


district court. 

Attorneys for the company appeared 
at, the federal building Saturday at 
10 o’clock, the time originally set for 


in! Memphis, rain. 
New Orleans on Friday, Jannary 13, fins élear .. 


we 
Samuel H. Sibley, of the United States : M’gomery, rain 


K. City, clear.. 


Mobile, rain. 


N. Orleans, eld. 
ie York, clear 

Platte, clr.. 
Ciiebonne, clear 
Phoenix, cloudy 
Pittsburg, clear 


the hearing, and secured a second tem- 
porary restraining order when the, 


hearing was postponed until Friday. s. 


It was found impossible to secure 
two federal judges to sit with Judge | 
Sibley in Atlanta in the near ota | 
thus the decision to hold the hearing | 
in New Orleans, 
is Bow in session, 


where circuit po) 


Raleigh, clear .. 
8. Fr’ciaco, clr. 
St. Louis, clear 
L.. City, elr. 
Boe Se. 
am Pp. € és 
Toledo, clear. . 
foe te rain. { : | : 
Wash'gton, elr. {4 1 Fee 
G, ¥. Vonn ARIA NN: ae 
Meteorologist, Weather Bureau, 


“ae: ¥ - nu ee, ws 8 a ‘ - \ = 
Kes ” - nites ’ * ic ae : % 
Ts CORRES Ae ai SSE Sg CSR SUS Le MEF A Sta co gs Ae 
2 ny : " Beste ; Bub) pe & wee iP ia . 4 a, SEY SOP 


a be a gn body tn’ 
the: sion, to which the nation looked 


== parliament and the Irish would 


Talare of the Pras Orato erect a Tear 
ire 0 te to re 
ORE wep fesment. ct ae _ the dail, 
until the people disesta : 
lished it. Collins Speaks. t committee of both 
Michael Collins, in quiet tones, fol- ry on the government. 
iranaltion period [freland must 
1esenting the dail. who would be re- 


greeted with cheers.) 


that during 
tumph. He claimed that the man rep- 


ie was disposed to challenge] ive De Valera. He said he did not 
her representative assembly un- ever, 


proposition, for the genera] opin- : 
had been regard the result in any spirit of tri- 
jog treaty was converted into an 


sponsible for ‘aking over from the 
British government control of the iriab 


prec : 
aay “in the days Cor (Vis- 

by ig to the other side 0 peo 

(This was 


Mr. Collins declared that De Valera 
held the same place in his heart as 


Then followed a violent speech by 
Mary McSwiney. denouncing the re- 


7 ee ie 7 ” ,, 
a. f 
> ~ « ; . ; Ming 5 3 
Z >. es “ * i» 
ve ae dctul L0 Sn ee. leah tee hc, ac eth ie, adios 


io are te a gee Se 
SS a Brack 
nf rab Bb Py acd aie Fe 


nd 


{ se Os ie 


co 
derry tary 
[reland in 1798, was instrumental in 
carrying the. union in 1800.) 

Mr. de Valera rose again, suppos- 
edly to bs Sg to Mr. Collins’ overture. 
However, he took no notice of it, and 
merely appealed to all his own sup- 


porters in the d¢il to meet him at the 
mansion house tomorrow afternoon. 


Daniel’s cash clearance sale 


a . 


gg? +s 
e 
4 At 
Pin 
7 , 
g i 

5 . 

P » 
* “*« a 
+ * » 

. J “- Pd > 


s = 


MS: 


- 


- > 2 


Copyright 1921 Hart Schaffner & Marz 


It’s easy to say “ ‘createst values’”’ 


but when you can buy 


Hart Schaffner & Marx 


best quality suits and overcoats for only 


iO 2. 


you know you are cant 
to be had—money can 


$40 $45 $50 and $55 Hart Schaffner & 
Marx suits and overcoats reduced to $29 


Vieilecweiek 


75c underwear for 50c 
$1.00 underwear for 65c 
$1.50 underwear for $1.05 
$2.00 underwear for $1.35 
$3.00 underwear for $1.95 
$4.00 underwear for $2.65. 
$5.00 underwear for $3.35 


Ties 


35c ties for...... 
$1.00 ties for. e@¢eee 65e 
$1.50 ties for...... 95c 
$2.00 ties for......$1.25 
$2.50 ties for......$1.55 
$3.00 ties for. .....$1.85 
$3.50 ties for......$2.15 


Belts 


SOc belts for..... 35c 
$1.00 belts for. eeee 65c 
31.50. belts for. eee .$1.00 
$2.00 belts for. ....$1.35 
$2.50 belts for. ....$1.65 


Shirts 


$1.50 shirts for... .$1.05. 
$2.00 shirts for. ...$1.35 
$3.00 shirts for. ...$1.95 


23c 


$4. 
$8.00 shirts for... .$5.45 


+ 


Sweaters 


$ 7.50 sweaters for $5.15 
$ 8.00 sweaters for $5.45 
$10.00 sweaters for $6.65 
$12.00 sweaters for $7.95 
$15.00 sweaters fer $9.85 


Gloves 


$2.00 — me 35 
$3.00 gloves for. ..$1.95 

gloves for. ..$2.65 
$5.00 gloves for. ..$3.35 


These prices are for cash only. 25% 
discount from regular prices, if charged 


_ Daniel Bros. Company 


Home of Hart Schaffner g Marx clothes 


Me ~. 
_ Oe See 6 ee ee 


A AE ae ieee ee 


/ Sie ee: - 
iy ees 
7 a aa fetes SM 


the greatest values 
t buy better clothes 


‘ 


_ $1.28 hose for..... 


ake 


omnis recy "oor .™ tbe Redan Sess 


“4 “ wt “Fae x o> 


ible presence 

is so WEneda toe ine makes eigen any 
rate be some accommodation between 
the parties for the purpose of public 


order.” 
To Meet Monday. 
Minister Burgess immediately re- 
torted: “I will take care that the 
<ipline of the army is preserved.” 
The assembly then separated to meet 
t 11 o'clock Mon morning. Ne 
agenda for that sessidn is indicated, 
and the only nocice of a motion is one 
by the speaker, Professor MacNeill, af- 
firming in general terms Ireland's in- 
dependence and sovereign status, for 
which all sections of the dail might 
unanimously vote. 
The republic is completely bewil- 
dered regarding De Valera’s inten- 
tions. 
Charles Burgess, minister of defense, 
after denouncing the Irish treaty in 
| the dail, made reference to Michael 
Collins, who hag been known as head 


ef the repubiican army. He had 
been asked regarding the position of 


| Collins in the army and whether he 


ishot at the enemy. 


Hosiery 


25e hose for..... 

40c hose for..... 

50c hose for..... 

75c hose for..... 
$1.00 hose for..... 
75¢ 
$1.50 hose for. ....$1.00 


Pajamas 


$1.50 pajamas for. .$1.05 
$2.00 pajamas for. .$1.35 
$2.50 pajamas for. .$1:65 
$3.00 pajamas _ ¢+ 95 
$3.50 dacvqestan $2.35 


45 te 49 


ty, not personalities. 


ever’ took an active part or fired a 
He approached 
this reluctantly, but Mr. Griffith had 
referred to Collins as “the man who 
won the war.” 
Collins Answers. 

Mr. Collins arose and said he 
thought they were discussing the trea- 
Deputy Brennan 
remarked that if things were said 
about Collins by the minister of de- 
tense, there would be a lot to say 
about other people. 
Burgess, resuming, declared that 
Michael Collins was merely a subor- 
dinate in the cheif of staff's office, 
end that the staff, with one excep- 
tion, did its work without notoriety, 
but Mr. Collins had been taken up by 
the press correspondents 

Burgess proceeded to defend Erskine 
Childers against attacks. He said 
Childers had done as much as any 
man and more than most men to arm 
the Irish people. Some thought the 
treaty would enable them to get arms. 
J. J. Walsh, he added, had in a speech 


‘in jail declared that he would be will- 


ing to take any oath any time if he 
could get arms thereby. What, then, 
became of the pretense that the treaty 
would bring peace? 

As to the oath which, it was alleged, 
Mr. de Valera was willing to take— 
it had been submitted to the cabinet, 
but there was no agreement and~it 
was dropped. ‘The president had sim- 
ply said that if nothing else stood in 
the way of a settlement he would be 
in favor of taking a certain oath, 


Two Letters Against. 
It had been declared in the dail by 
one of the deputies that South Kerry 
was unanimous for the treaty, but he 
had received letters from people who 
counted, and he could speak for young 
men, namely, two brigadier command- 
ants, and they were absolutely against 
the treaty. 
Mr. Griffith {n private session had 
asked him to repeat in public what he 
had said to Mr. Griffith on December 
3 when the delegates were returning 
to London. Griffith had then declared 
he would not break on the question 
of the crown, and he and Burgess had 
had a controversy over this matter. 
Grfith then asked him could his 
army undertake to drive Great Brit- 
ain out of Ireland, and, of course, he 
replied it could not. But, he went on. 
it was absolutely unnecessary to be 
able to beat all of England’s re- 
sources in order to maintain their in- 
dependence. 
He (Burgess) objected to the oath 
in the treaty on the ground that it was 
an oath or allegiance to the king. He 
also objected to allowing HKngland to 
defend the Irish coasts. If they had 
fired their last cartridge and spent 
their last shilling, and their last man 
was on the ground. that man, if asked 
to join the British empire, would say: 
“No. I will not.” 

Alternative Plan. 

He explained Mr. de Valera’s plan, 
which he likened to the plan of one 
business firm joining with another for 
a specific purpose. A firm did not 
sacrifice its individual independence 
by so doing. The Irish were pre- 
pared to recognize the British king as 
head of an association; they were in 
favor not of common citizenship, but 
reciprocal citizenship. 
They were prepared, said the minis- 
ter, to give England safeguards that 
Ireland would not, if she were at war, 
attack her food ships with subma- 
rines, and they would not build sub- 
marines, 
The only one of the delegates who 
really wanted the treaty, Mr. Burgess 
asserted, was Arthur Griffith. In 
1917 at a Sinn Fein convention it 
took them three nights. to get Griffith 
to agree to a resolution for recogni- 
tion of the Irish republic. If Griffith 
had not then agreed, he would not 
be in public life today. He had not 
abided by that, “but had _ brought 
back a treaty and said the war was 
won, 

Lloyd George “Wiles.” 
The Sinn Fein movement could not 
have lived, continued Burgess, except 
that men like himself, who had spent 
years in preparing for Faster week, 
had agreed to come into it. He had 
been opposed to sending delegates to 
London because of the influences to 
which they would be subjected. The 
negotiations were maneuvers by Lloyd 
George to get the better: of them, 
Lloyd George had tried terrorism, and 
when it failed, resorted to wiles. 
The Irish delegates had agreed to 
their instructions, which were to sign 
no treaty without first submitting the 
matter to the cabinet. They had 
been broken. For more than a ménth 
before the treaty there were forty con- 
ferences, confined to two of their five 
delegates, and that made i him 
oe 

He challenged Mr, Griffith why 
these subconferences had been held 
and asked who arranged them, and 
Mr. Griffith replied that it was the 
British government. Then he. had 
asked who picked the two, Griffith 
and Collins, and the answer was the 
British government. The _ British 
government knew these two men were 
the weakest of the team. 

Hopes No Consent. 

No wonder there was jubilation in 
England when the treaty was signed. 
He hoped the dail would not consent. 
All the delegates had to do was to 


| recommend the brenty and they need 


not vote for it at all. 
Adjournment of the afternoon ses- 


ision was taken at 6:30 o'clock. 


SOn resumption at 7:15, Harry J. 
Boland explained that he had learned 


+ from the president that the minimum 


was external association; he thought 


ADAMS NATIONAL DETECTIVE 


AGENCY 
All work strictly confidential. Connec- 
tions in all ian 1 cities. The Ki 
ball House 16% Peachtree = 
Phones Day Ivy 5426. Night Ivy 8042-W. 


A Woman’s Way 


“TI tried for four months to get my 
wife to try Mayr’s Wonderful Rem- 
edy, which I know had helped a friend 
of mine who also suffered from stom- 
ach trouble. She insisted her case was 
different. I finally had to bribe her 
with a new dress. The first dose pro- 
duced remarkable results, clearing up 
her complexion and restoring her ap- 
petite. She can now eat things” she 
hadn’t been able to for many y~ars.” 
It is a simple, harmless prepaiation 
that removes the catarrhal mucus 
from the intestinal tract and allays 
the inflammation which causes prac- 
tically all stomach, liver and inics- 
tinal ailments, ineluding appendicitis. 
One dose will convince or money re- 


Peachtree 


Jacobs’ saw sae and drug- 


_— v.) 


_— 
oe Na 
Dat Why ” 


rovisions 


For Trish 


ve pat oy Big stags 
- er é; <5 Roy ge 
A ee ; 
eka pies Sera wt i aise 


" KGainerstead ca eahahesa 


of Trea fy 


Fes State 


The new regime for Ireland has 
now been approved both by the Brit- 
ish parliament and by dail eireann. 
Creation of the Irish Free State is 


provided for in the treaty signed last 
month in London, after prolonged ne- 
gotiations for a settlement of the Irish 
problem. Its provisiong im substance 
gre: 

Ireland shail have the same consti- 
tutional status in the British Empire 
as the Dominion of Canada, the Com- 
monwealth of Australia, the Domin- 
ion of New Zealand and the Union 
of South Africa. 

Ireland shall be known officially 
as the Irish Free State, with a par- 
liament having powers for the gov- 
ernment of the country, an executive 
responsible to that parliament. 

Governor-General. 

A provisional government ig to be 
set up to function until an Irish par- 
liament and a government of the Irish 
Free State shall be constituted, but 
not longer than 12 months at the out- 
side. 

A treaty stipulates that a represen- 
tative of the crown shall be appointed 
for Ireland in the same manner .as 
the governor-genera] of Canada. 

Ireland is given control over all 
governmental affairs and is entitled to 
an army which shall, however, not 
be larger in proportion to Ireland's 
population than the British army is 


to the population of Great Britain. 
One of the first steps, by virtue 
of ratification by the dail, will be the. 
withdrawal of the British forces from 
Ireland. 
Ulster is included within the scope 


of the treaty, but provision is made 
for her to declare herself out within 
one month after an act of the Brit- 
ish parliament ratifying the treaty 
and continue under the present 
regime as provided in the government 
of Ireland act in 1920. In that event, 
however, a boundary commission is 
to be named to determine the boun- 
dary between northern Ireland and 
the rest of Ireland. 

The Irish Free State will assume 
what may be decided by agreement 
or arbitration as a fair and equitable 
proportion of the public debt of the 
United Kingdom, and is to afford 
harbor facilities to British naval 
forces under terms to be fixed by a 
convention between the two govern- 
ments. 

Meeting to Ratify. 

Safeguards are provided for free- 
dom of religion and education within 
both the Irish Free State and north- 
ern Ireland. 

Formal ratification vf the pact on 
the part of Ireland, it is provided 
by the treaty, shall be at a meeting 
summoned for the purpose of the 
members elected under the govern- 
ment of Ireland act to sit in the 
house of commons of southern Ire- 
land. These members, with a few 
exceptions, are the same as those of 


the dail eireann. 
The British parliament approved 


adopting the reply to the speech from 
the throne requesting such approval. 
Various formalities of formal rati- 
fication, still remain to be- complied 
with in order to conform to the terms 
of the document. 


that when he heard of the treaty in 
America that the minimum had been 
achieved and Ireland had come within 
the comity of nations. But when he 
saw the text of the treaty in the 
papers he knew that it was not so and 
that he opposed it. 

At this point Mr. Collins 
jected: “It won't do; Harry.” 
Arthur Griffith then arose to finish 
the debate. The two delegates had 
met the British representatives alone, 
he said, for the same reason that the 
president had met Mr. Lloyd George. 
It was Collins who had made the 
situation and whose indomitable will 
had carried Ireland through a terrible 
crisis. 


inter- 


Sent For Compromise. 


Before he went to Loncon, con- 
tinued Mr. Griffith, he told the cabi- 
net he would try for a republic, but 
did not believe he could get it, If 
they were guilty of treason to the 
republic, let them be tried. He be- 
lieved they were right, and would do 
the same thing again. The president 
had not added that in his correspond- 
ence with the prime minister he had 
never asked for recognition of the re- 
public. The delegates were snt to 
make a compromise; otherwise they 
would have finished in Downing street 
in five minutes. —_ 

The treaty freed Freland from any 
aggression, said Mr. Griffith, and any 
form of association with the British 
empire involved some form of oath; 
De Valera had suggested one form. 
Many men in that assembly had taken 
oath after oath to the king of Eng- 
land, all of whom were going to vote. 
against the treaty, because “they: ob-: 
jected to the outh. This hypocrisy 
was damnable, he declared. . 


Not Finality. 


He agreed that the treaty had | 
faults and he could draw a_ better 
one, but it would not be passed, As 
it stood the treaty conserved the in- 
terests of Ireland and was no more 
a finality than this was the final 
generation on earth. He had asked 
in the cabinet if they could drive the 
British out of Ireland by military 
force and: was told no—that this 
genération might go down, but that 
the next might do something or other. 
Hal they no duty to the living Irish 
nation ? 
The sinn fein had stood down to 
allow John Redmond to get as much 
as possible in the home rule Dill, ' 
because then the country could do no 
better. He had met the southern 
unionists because they were his coun- 
trymen, and there should be fair play 
for everybody. He would meet the 
Ulster unionists on the same basis. 

Mr. Griffith went on to De Valera’s 
alternative document and said they 
had put it forward in London, but it 
was twice turned down. He -argued 
as to the unimportance of the differ- 
ence between the treaty and the De 
Valera document, which he declared, 
was no more than a claim for do- 
minion status. It certainly was not 
for a republic. 

De Valera Interrupts. 

Mr. de Valera interrupted: “Why 

did Lloyd George turn it down?’ 


Valera’s document and his suggested 
oath. Mr. de Valera again interrupt- 
ed, saying 

Phe a of this nation is being 
decided, but the people of Ireland, 
people even in this assembly, do not 
understand what. is contained in the 
treaty. Mine is explicit, and we have 
had no opportunity by y serene in 
the debate to explain it. 

Mr. Griffith replied: “If the mem- 
bers of this assembly do not under- 
stand whiat is in the treaty they are 
not fit to be representatives of the 
people of Ireland.” 

Angry Scene. 

There was an angry scene when 
Mr. Griffith said tha they could 
not go on any platform in their con- 
stituencies and disapprove of the 
treaty. Where was self-determina- 
tion? Hostility to the will of the 
pene was as great an usurpation as 

blin castle, and, he added, emphati- 
cally, “my power will be used against 
gg 


If the dail reejcted the treaty, the 
Irish people would throw them out 
for incompetence. He would not 
agree te crucify the Irish people for 
a formula; he would have Ireland 
for the Irish, with a monarchy, if he 
could not have it with a republic. 

At the conclusion of Mr. Griffith’s 
speech, Mr. de Valera rose to say the 
Irish people would judge between the 
treaty, which left everything implied, 
and bis document, which was ex- 
plicit. It was a case of Flood and 
Grattan, over again. 

“I suppose the Irish volunteers are 
to be discarded next?’ exclaimed -De 
Valera. He announced that the re- 
public would go on until the Irish 
people disestablished it. 

e division was then taken, the 
speaker ruling that no deputy repre- 
+ i two constituencies should vote 

ce. 


IRISH-AMERICANS 
STILL DEFIANT. 

New York. Janary 7.—Continued 
support of the républican party in 
Ireland regardiess of the dail eire- 
ann's ratification of the treaty cre- 
ating the-Jrish Free State, was 


pledged by the friends of Irish frée- 
dom in official statement issued 


Griffith proceeded to criticize De + 


tonight no behalf of the friends by 
Diarmund Lynch, the organization's 
national secretary. , 

The position of the organization 
was outlined as follows: 

“Expressly disavowing the intention 

to interfere with or dictate the de- 
cisions of the people of Ireland as to 
the form of government under which 
they may live, we retain as American 
citizens our unalterable faith in the 
republican institutions of liberty _as 
established in the United States. Our 
belief remains unchanged and wtn- 
changeable in the blessings to ac- 
crue from the establishment in all 
lands of forms of government mod- 
eled upon the government of the 
United States, and we pledge to such 
republican party in Ireland as may 
carry forward the traditional strug- 
gle for liberty continuance in full 
measure of that hearty support which 
we have given in the past. Our posi- 
tion as expressed was unanimously 
indorsed by 2.750 delegates assem- 
bled in convention less than a month 
ago. 
“Even if the Irish republic be now 
abandoned by a majority of the pres- 
ent spokesmen for the Irish people, 
we of Irish blood refuse to accept for 
our race a position of subserviency to 
any other race on earth,” 


BODY OF MAN FOUND 
IN RAILROAD CAR 


Knoxville, Tenn., January 7.—The 
y of Sam Williams, ‘28, so identi- 
froin papers on his person, was 
dis¢overed this morning at Oakdale, 
in. the bunker of a potato car billed 
from Hartley, Wis. Williams is sup- 
posed to have been suffocated in the 
car. Williams’ home is Carlock, S. 
LD, The body is being held at Harri- 
nian. 


A memorial tablet was recently 
dedicated in Portland, Me., for Ser- 
geant Harold T. Adams, the first sol- 
dier from that state killed in the 
wotld war. 


of the treaty last December 16 by 


"| Mew GBP ‘3 


‘HEARING 


BY JAMES A HOLLOMON... 
Constitution \ Bureau. 


Washington, January 7.— Pinre Uhe- 
stitution Leased Wire. j—There will 
be forty-one states represented by their 
banking and producing industries .be- 
fore the senate finance committee at 
the southern tariff association hearing 
Monday according to a statement is- 
sued from the headquarters of the as- 
sociation in this city tonight. 

Among the southern | ders arriving 
yesterday were John H. ‘Kirby, of 
Houston, Tex,, president of the ath- 
ern Tariff association; Charles DeB. 
Claiborne, of New Orleans, who will 
address the senate finance committee 
in behalf of the banking interests of 
the south and the nation; Praeger 
Miller, of Roswell. N. M.. president of, 
the Southwestern Wool Growers’ as- 
sociation; Ed Woodall, of Hillsboro. 
Texas, representing the vegetable oil, 
industry. and B. F. Kaupp, of Raleigh, 
N..C...with the North Carolina de- 
partment of agriculture, representing 
the poultry industry. 

A total of sixty-two industries will 
be represented atthe hearing, accord, 
ing to the Southern Tariff association. 

At 9 a. m. Monday, January ¥, the 
association will convene at the Ital- 
eigh hotel and arrange for the senate 
finance committee hearing at ll-.a. m.. 
which will probably require most of 
the day. An evening session will be 
held at the Raleigh hotel at 8 p. m. 
and American valuations will at that 
time be discussed by the delegates. At 
1:15 p. m. Tuesday, January: 10, the 
president will address the southern 
tariff congress at the white house. - 


EARLY ENACTMENT 
OF SOLDIER BONUS 


Continued from First Page. 


Adams, of the re- 
committee. The 


Chairman John T. 
publican national 


ethat at other white house dinners at 
which the general policies of the ad- 
ministration have been discussed since 
Mr. Harding assumed offce. Q~ 
Earlier Talks. ‘ 

As a prelude to the dinner tonight 
President Harding had called to the 
executive offices this week several! 
members of the senate, and also at 
eabinet gatherings the general situa- 
tion, particularly with reference to 
the tariff legislation, had been taken 
up. 

Representing the 
were Senators Lodge, Massachusetts; 
Watson, Indiana; McCumber, North 
Dakota; Curtis, Kansas, and Brande- 
gee, Connecticut. From the house 
came Speaker Gillett, Majority Lead- 
er Mondell, Chairman Fordney, of the 
ways and means committee; Chairman 
Madden, ot the appropriations; Chair- 


senate 


man Anderson, of the joint congres- 
sional committee, which is investigat- 
ing the agricultural situation, and 
Representatives Darrow, VPennsy!va- 
nia, and Saunders, Indiana. 


WALTON BUILDING 
SOLD FOR $100,000 


Continued from First Paze. 


stated that the rice was in the 
neighborhood. of $100,000 

A number of smaller real estate 
transactions were disclosed Saturday 
in a report of bonds for title compiled 
by the Atlanta ‘Title ‘and Trust com- 
panp. ‘The sums given are penal 
sums, and twice the actual price. Fol- 
lowing is the list; 

$20, 
W. Grif 
West Peace 
100 by 118. <= 


S. W.-and 8. M..-Carson; trace in 
land lot. cee, fourteenth district. 
$13,u00— B. Disbro, Jr., to M. 
R, Miethhack and J. ¥. Markham, 18 
Elbert street, 50 by 200. 
$3,000—-Stisan BR. Long to W. F. 
Riley, lot at northwest corner of Hen- 
ry and Broomhead streets, 32 by 90. 
$2,800—Lillian Lacy Beale, execu- 
trix for F. C. Lacy, to H. A. Ether- 
idge. 691 East Fair street, 50 by 100. 


| $2,900—Same to same, 68) East 
Fair street, 50 by 100. 


Tickets Now 


year, with a 


you should receive them. 


Stop in tomorrow and hear s 
Rachmaninoff Raseodes 


64919 Le Couton .'.ccccccess 
74645 Prelude in G Sharp Minor.....Rachmaninoff 
64935 Dr Gradus ad Parnassum.........Debussey 
74679 Valse in E Flat Major.......+++....Chopin 
64980 Golliwog’s Cake-Walk ...........Debussey 
74723 Liebeslied .....ccc. 


Remember, every record you buy at Cable’s is Cable- 
Sealed, insuring your. receiving NEW and UNUSED Rec- 
ords, just as the Victor Company and the artists intended 


Hear Rachmaninoff 
The Master Pianist 


at the 


AUDITORIUM" 


Wednesday Evening, January 11th 


On Sale Here 


You can hear this great Pianist, and all of the other world’s 
greatest artists right in your own home every day in the 


VICTROLA 
and 


Cable Victrola Service 


few of the following 


oo covtcdp eens 


. .Kreisler-Rachmaninoff 


Mail Orders Promptly Filled 


CABLE 
~ * Piano 


v 
Se ee oe ee 


te OOS ae 
* 


M * ae Ry ie hit mY wx 


. 5 a 7 
ee : Hy: : noe f ¢ 
‘1% = es es. : vd ae. Se as “y fe 
% " TS. Re + 


hr nae oa Oe 
OE: a ye e 
oad : 


tonight , 


program followed was identical witb | 


000—Mrs.. Annie Fr, Ray to W. | 


$14,090-—=Mes, Minnie iN oland to — 


~ ; 


. . 4 ae are eR aed ce 


pr 
— 


be Ve, 
a . 
> a et 
_ | a cf ’ * r : 
8 : Re ae 9, 


eee ee 


Pt 


a Gl a eT ee eee cs ~ A he a Manel Si eee * pee bt 
ee 
ae a4 % 
. ge / - no PET ry Bt 2 $ a 4 a Be ee te 7 Pw 

4 ’ P it ee =a ey ‘ . . 2-2 me 

Pe 3 7 ey. >: - 7 ’ . ez 
‘ Snstiscaaniy Wises! cenit , ii ' ET 

: —_ p 


ae e3 . ak ace . ; ‘ t ' = r ’ i ' - ) wu. " & - i pe re — ij i feeaitag. i wi sik ™ oe ig. | i i RES as i ee ae “a pe te i a a a ay = | 3 
: duced b; - husband, tor company, Ine., on West Mitchell ; a final court of appeals from the state for éregk- 
S. to Recover Hon. Artnur Hill, of land. street. He was notified of the acci- ;  meadical committee's ruling—Augusta. | ennesa fell from 316,842 in 1917, te Bees 
“The prince renewed his acqriin-| dent and arrived only a few minutes is no direct evidence to _ PL, pire “ Bape ames ty maid —— in 1918, to 172,459 “in 1919, te 100,768 ie” 
: ; Beemer: t e canno saved ,by alcohol, the | 1990 +. ae 
to Baltimore agents, weer distributed Continental in Paris.” said Captain Chief of Detectives A. Lamar Poole | veiled. threats made in a letter pur-} patient can be 2 tsi le comforta- Arrests for Drunkennees, * SS 
as follows: } ; Jackson, “and borrowed 500,000 frances | stated that officers were forced to| porting to have been written by him| ble in the same way that opiates and | , What about Engiand and Wales? Dur  —— 
- Two to the States’ Marine Steamship| _, ‘ i from her then.” _ | work at a great disadvantage because | to a local newspaper were recalled. | anodynes may not save life but may | eriges ducting ols cenit : 
; ‘company, and one each to W. A. To A lh anian K in Don't think me too easy,” broke| of the absence of a duplicate of all} No arrest was made in the search | assuage pain and make the patient | ness were 29,075; but im 1920, when 
Blake & Co., the Black Diamond g io Mrs. Menges. “You see, he watched | automobile license tag mumbers. for the shabby stranger seen loitering | more comfortable.—Savannah.” restrictions were removed convictions . 
Steamship company, and one to the me win 60,000 francs gambling at| “This has been repeatedly request-| about the factory shortly before Mr.| “Its use should be permitted just ag | ¢To#kenmess were 05,763—more than three 
‘ a a, me Steamship line. New York, January 7%—Lending | Mone Carlo, and living in a big villajed,” Chief Poole said, “but we have | Compton's death, and it was learned | morphine, etc. If alcoholic prepara-| bver the bar b) wanen ant Qe ee 
Washington, January 7%.—Fifteen - New York, Moore & McCor-|  * ‘ i POLS .. | there, and all that sort of thing, and | never received any co-0 io -in se-| that the description of this unidenti-; tions are placed under the same re-j en; are common in bars, on the streets and 
shipping boad vessels, to carry grain we ee assigned the only/ mqney to kings—a privilege which | he thought I had millions ‘o burn.” {curing this set of tag numBers. We| fied individual would not fit Satter-| strictions as prescribed in the Harri-| at home, ‘This makes ‘a remarkable cause 
> ‘ ; ip so far allocated there. — doesn’t fall to the lot of everyone— He promised to pay it all in @} were forced to communicate by tele-/ field, who is a large man over six} son narcotic law, the question will be | °f deaths of, babies, called “overiaying.” 
te Russia for the American relief ad | The vessels, it was said, will carry) ig'an experience which Mrs. Roberta | year,” Captain Jackson added. “He} phone with Secretary of State S. G.| feet tall. : settled:—Atlanta.” Senne mothers. telling. Sn, thelr. Ge 
ministration, were selected and allo ee . 3 ge A wey of grain each | Menges Corwin Hill Tearle, former- | also promised to make Mrs. Menges | MclIendon and ask that he send a man Last Services Held. Charles O. Jones, state  suf¥pin- seadtioal. aamaite ee oe Pampa 
enames ofthe ships were not a0-| iy of Brooklyn, but lately of Paris,}| the unofficial amhassador of Albania | to the capitel with one of our men to Funeral services for Mr. Compton! tendent of:the Anti-Saloon leagde of | 80 made on the subject, a unknown 


— 
~ 


— 


p rsa, 
Une ship was allocated to a New 


[igiew reine eens witin = fom) 7 
port News operator and five assigned M tance with Mrs. Menges at the Hotel | before death oceurred. Satterfield with the case, 
oney She Loaned 


cated to present operating agents of! nounced, but all other than the three i i 1 
ak i ; - eclares i iting th at Paris, and said he would kelp her | ¢; he abandoned au- x : : in America. Schol bat Herod mur- 
the board within three hours after the which sailed empty from Newport scutanie eer ee enlist the aid of continental police in reel ee ta - : ft aca were conducted at 11 o'clock Saturday Georgia, Saturday, sent the Constitu- dered. ‘only ten or twenty ‘bene Bethie- 
ce neg grey = rue Epawost for| News to New Orleans today are lying! ea EP Say trem Paris finding jewels she lost in America.” ee aot oh ae oar a nc oe from All Saints’ church by Dr. W. W | (0 the following communication : hem, Koping Pp slay the Tafant Jesus, The 
1 or e rs a : 4 ee “ es . ° ng s8u > ; ‘ tut : se yvening Aews ou eall the nor bust- 
ships th of the January; at the ports designated as points of} pent upon visiting the American state Have you a receipt from Prince‘ our use, and fooutoetts Prva ang aggro. ews ate rs Bes ont bo gg? ak — Sie heats = voean-' | mess in Kngland the ‘“‘out-Heroding Hered: 


Joading, from Secretary Hoover, Vice; departure : William?’ Mrs. Menzes -w ed ra mor 500 innocents—gi as 
, : department to see what the Washing- am?” Mrs. Menges -was asked. | pers us ip our operations. if we had paper points to the traffic list of al- | fr > en i, tnnseen ris 
the tury club acted as honorary es- beer deaths as a warning parr oneal well as boye—are snuffed out every year by 


President Smull, of the board, : ‘ “ , > ikon - . 
t L, d, said to- ton officials could do to aid her in You can’t ask a king for an [. O. not succeeded in getting in touch cort. Interment was in Oakland ceni-| fron” - Reed ecg on pen: my et British whisky, gin and beer 
10m, The ? $s J ‘ stern ft) . 


da . . . ; %9 L4 = 
The operators of the vessels will not JACOB S. ADDY DIES . sg iy mein — Pras ’ ay ee See ee with Mr. McLendon we would have | etery, with the following. close fr’ nds} lesson for England—that the United, King- | _ More than this—the liquor business costs 
await the establishment of definite AT SON’S RES!DENCE | ‘|... . — mete Saree Sr é been forced to wait until Monday | o¢ Mfr, Compten acting as pallbearers :; dom should not follow the probibition lead | Pusiand two and a haif billions every 
freight rates by President Harding ‘ liam of Wied, who occupied the throne | Clothes Set to Jazz morning to discover the owner of the! G W . MeCarty, Jr., Ben Daniel, Bey.! °f America. “Certainly,” said The News, | Jeet This sum in two years would more 
which is expected to be decided within} Jacob S. Addy, 78, confederate vet-| of Albania for seven months before ‘ automobile tag number.” erly M. DuBose, ©. °T. Nunneally.| ones, “e, ave core, im the effects of alg he Rag aay oa he’ ta 
a few days, but will load their ships| €T@”, Mason and member of the De- | the, outbreak of the war forced him to Latest Achievement Chief Poole added that he is go-| Strother C, Fleming and Lauren Fore- Couns: yg Bom agg wot | England allows $2,500,000,000 spent annual- 
and sai] as soon as possible. eatur Methodist church, died Friday | flee. M bh fi be ing to attempt to get the next legis-| man. Auiesiea.”* e: ir ae =o liquor, what lunatics we should be 
Ten of the vessels, it ix said, will| Right at the home of his son, J. G.| | Mrs. Menges, as she prefers, to be In Male Adornment }iature to pass legislative measures fur-| “It was established Saturday that| What lx the “tracie Met of deaths from | {2 £16, Bagland the debt? Tn this “trucks 

; - nishing the police and detective de-| the pistol used in the killing was not | Poisored liquor during the holidays? Eizht--| put a fool or a scoundrel would exchange 


eail before the end of the week. and! Addy, 232 West College street. His of Sheepshead Bay,” before she eloped died and a hundred tak = 
> » be ; 7 ; : een n or more were taken 
partments with a duplicate set of all! the property of Mr. Compton. Friends. “= hrapitele te fe con i Sao. ae peepee America for liquor-ridden Brite 


the remaining five are expected to get death came suddenly. { a , 4% me a 
away by January 19. Mr. Addy was a native of Coweta | eae ice Saha Halsey min ea mew seem Sey. en city and state tag numbers. relatives and business associates stated) the deaths from other cities and the list | ‘The foreign liquor tnterests have estahe 
a Brooklyn millionaire, is accompant! to music, especially created for young Funeral services for Mrs-:@Maness | that the dead.man never carried a gun | may be ‘‘tragic,”’ but not large. What was } hished note amandlion atin in the, United 


The ports from which the vessels| County, was a gallant soldier in the | Miss Ruth M d 
wil nail were nelect ed by Secretary civil was. sme wes, particularly en etapa meg earwe eo a owe — men who can’t resist the lure of the a ne SO -. Semaine Saturday and Mrs. Andrew J. Hansell, a sister. me Prac a8 oo Bens ga Sates sae Canada. Items of news like 
oover to coincide with the points at} ‘KSDUrE. jazz, are on exhibition at the con-; ™&?* - y was taken to the; said she was positive that the weapon! oe" es "ang children weakened and dying yan oad on Fray yr pg one gp ge 


ich grain had been s was marned 54 years ago to Miss | upon whom she relies to substantiate | undertakin ;; " : 
che ‘shipping board aie ae cation Mary Couch, of Coweta canary who ; her claim against Prince William. vention of the American Designers’; son & Son, er ae . nie aera: pores a it hose te thay > rag noe an artes poor tag ty iguer aah te oat tbe peer ghey ‘er SS Ne coe 
of the vessels and designated their op-| survives him. He also ts survived |. Captain Jackson explained that Mrs. | association now in progress here. High Another Accident. Mr. Compton was slain. early| fering and costs. eee? en ae ee ee 
erators. Only present operators of by two sons, J. G. Addy, of Decatur, | Menges was introduced to the king of waists, braids and satin pipings i Anoth , - : Thursday night as he was running his This is the prohibition record in only CHARLES Q. JONES, 
shipping board vessels will be assigned| and Jacob 8S. Addy, Jr., of Atlanta: | Albania at Monte Carlo in 1913 by ’ nother accident of Saturday night automobile out of the garage in the|™¢ item. In fifty-nine cities of 30,000 {State Superintendent Anti-Saloon League @ 


additional ships for the Russian relief | two daughters, Mrs. Robert H. Morris, | King Constantine of Greece, whom outstanding attractions of the new | occurred when K. F. Rosendall, of 20 rear of the factory at 41 East Mitchell population and over, including New York, Georgia. January 6, 1822. x 
work at present, it was said. of Haddonfield, N. J., and Miss Alma t. ore <a - 


she was entertaining at her villa there. | terpsichorean garments, the genius of | McAfee street, was struck and se- stree aes 
Three of the ships allocated to gulf | Addy, instructor in the Oklahoma Col- | She had met King Constantine through | the designer apparently having been md vg coy at Luckie and Mills BLE MONA NON ND a te ee 
streets, by an automobile driven by A. GEORGIA DOCTORS Se NS Ne TN ee AA 

| 3 | + 


' ‘ lege for Women, at Chickasha, Okla. the Prince de Linan, formerly a mem-| concentrated on the 2ffort to. fash- 
operators were ordered to leave New ber of the Austrian embassy at Wash-| ion them in keeping with the selene | J. Holbrook, of 150 Plum'‘street. Ro-| 


port News today for New Orleans, and’ Funeral arrangements have not been! ! " 
; > - ington, to whom she had n intro- | and frivolity sendall was taken to Grady hospital. 
two additional ships will be assigned made d frivolity of the dan ‘Sa wae teaek to hace buntalaed F DIFFER ON ALCOHOL 


c 

ATMA OHI FL Ed RU UUTE APU TRMDOD osc oacee neg] Hn 

y ize the mest exacting o : ; ; 

| . } 1 : | | the lightfooted youth who revel in| Holbrook surrender at police head- ~ at amet Poin: Pie oat 
Ty. jazz. The artificial waist is three| Quarters shortly after the accident. 
| inches above normal. Three buttons, | He,was charged with reckless driving} Atlanta, yes 23, no 56; Savannab, 
close together, adorn the upper part | 22¢ released on a copy of charges. He | yes 5, no 19; Augusta, yes 4, no 17; 
of the coat just above the chest line. told the police he was driving very | Macon, yes 4, no 11; a total for the 
slowly at the time of the mishap. cities over 50,000 in population of 


sg : the pockets are fancy and high and 
emar a e || trimmed with braid, and the euffs PR may yes, 36; a a en rural dis- 
|| are narrow turnbacks. The backs of tricts, yes,~76; no, ° aoe 
L , |} the coats have inverte! plaits, fin- ISONER INJURED On the question whether Physicians 
|| ished with a silk crowfoot. Predom- BY GUARD, CLAIMED |had_ witnessed unnecessary suffering 


inating colors are black, blue and or death from enforcement of the pro- 
dark brown. Continued from First Page, hibition laws, the replies were: yes, 


' 94; no, 377. 
An expert restorer of ancient docu- |}: , One hundred and thirt yen phy- 
ments in Washington is abt to split repeated efforts to secure release | sicians stated that they had found it 
a thin sheet of paper, separating the; ®® babeas corpus proceedings. He | advisabie to prescribe whisky, and 251 
writing on the two sides, insert a mid- | ™@intained that his conviction was il-} had not found it advisable; 50 had 
dle layer of paper, and cover the en- | legal, and that he was unconstitution- | found it advisable to prescribe beer, 
7 -{| tire sheet with a thin silk gauze. Thig| @lly punished for reproducing utter- | and 295 had not found it advisable; 
enables the document to stand consid- | 22ces when their author remained at | 49 had found it advisable to prescribe 


erable handling. liberty, wine, and 295 had not found it ad- 


Sentence Commuted. visable, 
Gas issuing from a seam of coal} Blodgett’s commutatpon was granted Have Federal Permits. 
immediately, before Christmas when| LEight physicians stated that they 


‘ was collected in a bladder by Sir " 
James Yowther in 1733 and burned | the president commuted sentence of | held federal permits. 
| before the Royal society a month | Eugene Debs and several other “polit: On the question as to whether phy- 
; later. ~This was probably the first ical” prisoners. Commutation papers | sicians should be restricted in the} H@; 
. experimenting in gas lighting. for Blodgett were not received at the | number of prescriptions for alcoholic ( , 
: ; prison when the necessary papers for ; beverages, 284 stated that they should 2 - q 
When James VI of Scotland suc- |} Debs and the other prisoners arrived | be restricted, and 189 considered no} fs 1anoO r 1Cc@S. : at 


ceeded Queen Elizabeth as James I | here, and Blodgett was not released. | restrictions advisable; 86 physicians 
— of Great Britain, his Scottish train According to Warden Dyche, it was | answered. yes without specifying a 


played golf on the grounds of Black-| found that the papers had been sent | limit; 105 believed that the restriction m 

heath. and for 250 years That was the/| to Leavenworth prison through error, | should be complete; 25 considered L ean ea ‘ a ¥ ings 
‘only golf course south of the Tweed.| and when they were finally received 'from 1 to 50 prescriptions in three 
here, Blodgett accepted the commu- 'months satisfactory; 67 - considered 


eet 10 Bro Tes M’CORD REPORTED tation, although previously he had an- | from 51 to 100 sufficient, and 1 con- : 7 . 
POLICE PRISONER ao that he would insist on a full sidered more than 100 prescriptions re y ou can make 2 real saving on your 
pardon and refuse a commutation. in three months necessary, ‘ piano purchase if you mate your selection 


be * ; oe 
/ h d A lengthy letter was directed by On the question “Should physicians . : 

n g i S$ qd n Continued from First Page. Blodgett to President Harding with | be restricted in prescribing alcoholic} Wish at Cable’s. 

| reference to his case, according to | beverages?” the vote was: yes, 300; : 


‘ 
as 


é © 
Nad wT 
= 


, 
<a) 
r ad 


at 


ee re | 


is 


— *y 
a * A. 
3c a acer tt 


“ 


“at 


ey 


—_— 


~~~ 
> 


-— 


XE. WP 


aes ee. A ae se... eT ee eee 
— 
AA 


i) ye 


ee le ee hE ae 
= > 
> \ + 
Las tomer 
~y a ae S 
: ej we! . 
oT. eee Ee 


23: 
i to 
—— es 5 
5 
= 


IN ng 
a 


Pre o3 — _ De 


SC SONS 


i 5 Warden Dyche, but the letter never | no, 173. ay : 
ucners— || SPector Mansfield, on an indictment | went to Washington, he said. The| Relative to the privilege of :pre-| | Our present prices on all models— 

. returned here charging him with viola-| warden said the letter is now in the } scribing the use of alcobol for medi-| Ba : ee pad . 
- tion of the postal laws in the further- prison files. Blodgett’s outgoing mail eal purposes, the following comments f Grands, Uprights and I lay ers—are surpris- 

BLACK ance of bunco schemes. In deciding | had to be censored constantly by the | were made by Augusta, Savannah and! Rai ingly low, 

OR TAN 
. 4 
ry7yrtct 
ALL SIZES 


ES * se 


a 


an extradition hearing, Judge T. D.j| correspondence clerk, the warden stat- | Atlanta physicians: 

Johnson, of Salt Lake City, ruled that | ed, because of its nature. Blodgett Comments by Physician 

the government had no case against | was inclined to be socialistic, he said, j “re 4 di ri - fi a We ‘ve priced them all at extremely 
8 a medical proposition an | atid a” 


| the prisoner, and extradition was re-| and his written expressions on his |: ; | 
famed imprisonment were improper and in | Should be handled by the medical pro- low levels, regardless of factory cost of pro- 


Later Young came to Atlanta and, | certain instances were not permitted | fession. Have the secretary of each | —4 ; 4 Cee 
m L eine: said celsiidaten. tennn Meonmnt 7 duction. The prices conform to the present- 


appearing before Judge Samuel H. |} to be muailed. : : : : 
Sibley in the federal court, entered a Blodgett’s case has attracted na- | to reputable physiesuns in the state. | M7 day public demand for price readjustments, 
He is an attorney and | If a license is abused,“have a state | §@ | 


plea of guilty to the indictment and j tional interest. : , 
drew 2 sentence of two years in the | former newspaper man. , He was con- medical committee pass on the abuse; K# : ‘ 
penitentiary. He immediately began | victed for violation of the espionage ial sade ge erry if ae Hg Don t delay your Piano or Inner- 
his sentence. }act and had served the greater. part he state icai Committee re-| § J RE, eae S ; C 

Saturday it appeared that it has | of his sentence when authority for his | Sponsible to an A. M. A. committee | Ria Player selection any longer. The values we 
since occurred to Young that when | release came from the president, ee 2 yg st ok ggetaoal Let AS be offer right now are unequaled, both from 

are ; ; Tt eli . e ae e Ss se a . => : : ° ~ 

ee ee ae immisiiiinimentemenacscmeance | a the standpoinf of price and quality, for we 
a COMPTON MURDER sc Sigh ne riley 4\! are featuring Cable-made instruments. 


Judge Sibley issued an order requir- STILL SHROUDED 


ing Warden Dyche to produce Young 


7 > J “" > e,¢ 
in court on January 21 for a hearing : . ‘ You ve been aw aiting 1 chanee to 
| on the petition. Continued from First Page. Ned: save money ona good instrument. Now is 


| MRS. R. F. MANESS a “Il Now Hear giuemcred | |}: the time to do it—at Cable's. 


additional facts concerning the slay- 
i s° 99 oma a: a= b 

DIES OF INJURIES | '”% a Sa Clearly i git. ‘ | 

Seenation teak aha Gude Aame Geer he ion! Come in and look over our iiany 


boxed tip, in tan Nor- SOF tag cua La | | | 
<a f : a ; . information from the Colt Arms Com- Y pe | “age 
wegian calf; English a Continued from First Page, pany of Hartford, Conn., that the ou, Too, pe f offerings. 


Se 


ce wagpoe S 


Popa stct 


~s 


ene eg 
i 
—r¥ — 


—_ 
«+ 


a ye 
ym < 
> S\ Ore 


» 
Uy 
ae eo 8 


tec 


+,’ 


—- 


°.. : wp .25-caliber automatic pistol from 

Or Blucher in} fine black Sie auto from the records department of } which the fatal bullet was fired, was Can Hear ! 
or tan calf. Regular + '| the state capital from ~ litagse tag ae -* hardware dealer in Shreve- 
4 “OL '} on the wrecked automobile. port, La. j . 600,000 satisfied users hav 
% 10.00 Musée Shoes— a | The death of Mrs. Maness was doe Detectives were following this lead tified to erage pt — 
now $7.85, 7 te |; to a crushed skull. She never re-t in an attempt to gain additional in: tained from the **Acousticon."’ 
* J '| gained consciousness. formation from Shreveport. We therefore feel perfect! safe 

According to eye-witnesses the au- A feature a “e the ad in urging orery deal he 
‘as driving fest Peach- | was announcement by the Atlanta Ro- : 4 4 
tomobile was driving out West Peac aes gt Hoy ’ without a penny of expense and 


tree at about 30 miles an hour. Mrs. | tary club that it would pay a reward : 
Maness, crossing West Peachtree to- | of $1,000 for the capture of the slay- entirely at our risk to accept the 


Some people shop with their eyes—this age : eee ast Peacktina | ex. Was, Caan eae: Ge ° 
a) ee : ; : j im oe ward an inboun €s 7eachtree; er. Mr. © v influen- 

sale is for those who shop. with their mind ere street car, apparently for the pur-! tial member of this organization, 1922 Acousticon 

on the buying. —Here is value demon- Wi<, pose of boarding it, was struck down whose entire membership was stricken . 

stratable! Come here looking for value— ets || near the _ greg with — ac his We death. For 10 Days FREE TRIAL 
. , As. Tried to Avoid Woman. . “Mysterious” Woman. * 

we'll show it to you! These are all $10.00 a, : The driver of the car attempted} Regarding the “mysterious” visit to No Deposit—NoExpense 

shoes—worth every penny. of $10.00— 5 to ie gg gp ” oo a ~ oo pence Fogg sir ye Just write saying that you are 

’ ? e | eutting his wheels sharply to e; to in some Ww . rit 
$7.85 buys them now! Come early! | ‘!! right, but the car crashed into her,! the case, Solicitor John A. Boykin ee ae 


knocking her down and rendering her | said it was merely one of many per- 
instantly unconscious. sons who are being interviewed in an cost you one cent, for we even 


Running to the sidewalk, the au-} effort to throw light upon: the nom pay delivery charges. 


tomobile struck a post, skidded and / tery. ARNIN ‘There is no good 
almost turned over. The men were “There was nothing unusual nor W G reason why every- 


ad | not thrown out. and throttling the bo 0 
O. motor and applying the -brakes, both | fice,” the solicitor declared. “We are y= apa eee See ee Oe 
° LS Ee O } ¢ men, reports say, leaped to the | seeking every one who might possibly have tried it. 
ground and rushed to the woman's, shed light on the ease and we cant e “Acousticon’’ has improvements 


side. afford to overlook any elue or oppor- and patented features which cannot be 


Hailing a passing automobile, they | tunity to seek the light.” ¢ re eee ee ae oe | 


Peachtree—W alton—Br oad placed her in, gave instructions to} <A report that J. B. Satterfield, of trial of Pang pe oe ee today and 


the driver to drive with all speed to | Seattle, Washington, who killed pis convince yourself—you alone todecide, 
the hospital and vanished into a / brother-in-law, R. H. Hart, here aout DICTOGRAPH PRODUCTS CORP. 


i™ a 
ie x crowd of pedestrians who quickly ; ten days ago and who has not been 
| gathered at the scene, apprehended, was some years ago dis- 1316 Citizens & Southern Bank Bldg. 
Mrs. Maness was the mother of P.| charged from the working force of 
©. Maness, employee of the R. D. Vic-' the Nunnally-McRae company, caus-| 
. 7 . , ’ . . 


Monday MUSE SUITS .:’ REDUCED PRICES 


—values you just have 
to acquire. A Sale irre $25.00 Overcoats......+..+- NOW $18.75 _ $55.00 Suits and Overcoats........NOW $41.25 
sistible to those who $37.50 Suits and Overcoats. .NOW ~$28.15 $08.00 Suits and Overcoats....... -NOW $43.50 
know good merchandise , . $40.00 Suits and Overcoats. .NOW $30.00 $60.00 Suits and Overcoats........NOW $45.00 

J $45.00 Suits and Overcoats........NOW $33.75 $65.00 Suits and Overcoats........NOW $48.75 
| $50.00 Suits and Overcoats........-NOW $37.50 $70.00 Suits and Overcoats........NOW $52.50 


_ THIS-SALE IS FOR YOU_ WHO BUY FOR VALUE! 
IT IS A GREAT REVELATION OF GOOD MERCHANDISING — AND THE POWER OF THE DOLLAR » 


Renewed Pianos and Player Pianos— 


Exchanged for new Cable-made Insiruments 
Weber Upright *eepesepenveeees . $225 


Knabe Upright ...........$275 
Modern Player Piano.... ...$455 


s 


—— 


SONS 


‘=. 


id 


~~ ——e & 
a ae oe 


oo 
Ls 
>» 
—s 


a 


ce 


” 


7 


or 
on 


oe » — — ~~ oo 
wretart 
we 3.2 , 
an Piast . 
we 38% 
we 
—_ vt 
+ 
lt te 


— 
~~ ey 
“~~ 


-— — —) 
a4 ‘ 
~~ —% 


ee - 
: ee 
oe eo oa 


<< 
tell 
ante 
(yr: 


x a 4 
A.™ ‘4 
22 SE x= St; 


You Need Not Pay Cash—You can buy on 
our Rental Payment Plan. 


CAH = Lm 
' Piano Company 


82-84 N. Broad Street 


ese 
OTA AS 


~ eZ 


ey = 
-. 

eee 

»—-, - 


ee. 


——— 


m 


Pe 


~ 


YA he 
= a > oll 
<I =e 
a) ew” 


r 


b> 
~ Gs 


Sg . 


_ 


we ( 
- 


. w r - 
TWA SION LONGO TGA FO RES we DEI 
or ‘Ps % : a We pA Are ese ed .{ PL a Fs ~ ‘ oe A et! 
- oS see ~— = nein eo ee >, a ae 


x = 
- 


—_ 


Come and see how 


Come and see | | = ) os. | ‘‘— 1 
_ the quality you Geo. Muse Clothing Co: = pach yom dolley wil 


Mes 32 2 
fast Scns ote in 7 __ Peachtree—Walton—Broad 


2 5 a 
— —_— Ss 


i a 2 je. * 
oO DfICe 


| Search in Vain 
_ For Negro Slayer 


ors 


trv. 


New York, Jaanuary 7.—The 


police net spread for Luther Body, 
- alleged slayer of two detectives, had 
- not closed on the fugitive tonight, but 


into its meshes had fallen more than 
a score of smaller fry criminals, who 
found short shrift with aroused 
judges and magistrates. \ 

Meanwhile, the scope of the search 
for Body was being extended. Pictures 
and detailed descriptions of the negro 
fugitive were sent to every slice pre- 
-cinct in the city and’ posters bearing 
the same data were being prepared 
for broacasting throughout the coun- 
Body was variously reported to- 
day as having been seen in Belleville, 
N. J., in Hartford, Conn., and at two 
places in uptown New York. Police 


_‘Gnclined teward belief that he was 


es : ei Ss lt whee eet 5 NS ie Ree aig : Se 
— ; oe. Ret ths é 

. ’ « : “ ¥ % ’ * ie Re i 2 & pin $ Bie | oe ‘s a ES Be : . 
: seigtatid ne: E ee aie hwo. 


bowers in the vicinity of tie knows | AWA CLT OPOLLLAN 
- Of Stars to App 


Fe, 
Ls o>. 


Body’s brother, John, with whom 
the fugitive h@d quarreled, is leading 
the New st come F searchers in a tour 
of neighbo with which the al- 
eevail g oot ag  ygene sly had 

, which 
tanged around $2,000 and $3,000 fo 


. » a te . ~ ray 4 =< , 
- , . ‘ . ah oe ‘ ee <3 <* " ’ _ % ” — on vy bah 9 
z PR, SI 8 eg. 3 + ; pai 3 x ge SR 
4 oe ete i ate es SE eee eS a ee ee Bee rie ge = ele ay FS et - 
7 2 * ‘ ‘ 
~~ Be Ry Ske a Sat eS Ae a Te % “£5 al e Md 
ae Se Pag ay . $ oe x -g ae 
GS ae a iad nF +, > . >: ra % 
Lat, , y . 

ae ee.” eed ee 2 Ne ine pe Bonk 2S ee a 
ae F phy P = a + 

that 


-_ 


— 3 
Mike a 


tract has ‘been settled and ‘that’ the 
Metropolitan’s traditional affiliation 
with your great city and your public- 
spirited association wil] continue un- 
broken. . Best regards. | 
“OTTO H. KAHN.” 

Announcement wil) be made later 

as to the opening of the subscriptions 


artistie appreciation. to attempt a 
season of opera when no other city of 
double the population would have 
dared make the triad. He remembered 
that the seasons always have been 
prosperous and he heartily favored 
Atianta’s claim. 


r 
robbery and holdup suspects, and 
which were advencee yesterday to $5,- 
000 and $10,0U0, were given another 
step upward to $25,000 ‘by several 
judges and magistrates today. 

In several cases prisoners were de | 
nied bail in any sum. 


CONTRACT CLOSED FOR 
12TH OPERA SEASON 


Continued from First Page. _ 


favorite roles of Orville Harrold, and 
Mr. Harrold will undoubtedly sing it 
here. In New York he sings it in 
English and I expect he will do the 
same in Atlanta.’ 
Stars to Appear. 
Now, as to the stars. Among the 


| 


' the future. 


Be not deceived. 


ACT 


gation. Also .ask 


Adair Realty 


_ By Way of Illustration: 


A certain man was on the eve of his 
depai.ure to strange lands. 
he loved his family, he made no at- 
tempt to put his affairs in order. His 
wife was left with a little money and 
heavy responsibility. 


“Careless,” you say, yet the majority 
of men leave their families that way, 
when they take their final departure, 
They go without leaving a Will, with- 
out choosing an Executor, without the 
slightest semblance of preparation. 
Their summons always seems far in 


about your Will and Executor; then 
immediately. 
with our Trust Officer will cost you 
nothing and place you under no obli- 


“Your Will and Your Executor.” 


Founded 1865 


When it was made formally by the to the guarantee fund. 


STEINWAY 


The Instrument of the Immortals 


Though 


Think carefully 


A consyltation 


for our booklet, 


& Trust Co. 


“ . 3 
. ‘ vy ee ‘ 
aN * tee ‘ yt: 
SIS : CRS 
DS Wik Sa wn KS 
ae ” a | Ae “*." ° ‘ooo ae oe ae ate . 
Sas ee SN a a 


‘RACHMANINOFF 


ALF a century ago Anton Rubinstein, like 
H his immortal contemporaries, Wagner and 
Liszt, pronounced the Steinway “unriv- 
alled” among pianos. Today Sergei Rachmani- 
noff, the greatest Russian pianist since Rubin- 
stein, has said: “Only upon a Steinway can the 


On 
“s & 
, as . 
‘ate * re me _ 
- 
vF } 
LS - 


works of the masters be played with full artistic 


Martinelli. 


Leit to right: above, Lucrezia Bori, Orville Harrold, Amelita Galli-Curci; below, Beniamo Gigli, Rosa Ponselle, Guiseppe 


justice.” Generation after generation the Stein- 
way stands supreme—the chosen piano of the 
masters—the immortal instrument of the Immor- 


principals suggested by the Metropol-|zia Bori, always a tremendous fa- to her popularity here each season; 
litan company are Galli-Curci, Lucre- | vorite in Atlanta: Ponselle, who adds| Matzio, Easton and Gordon, 


to be given Atlanta’s week of opera, 
promising unheard-of things in a mon- 
etary way. The Music Festival as- 
sociation directors realized that if 


Gigli, tals of Music. 
| Martinelli, Harrold, Chamlee, the 


young American tenor who made such Catalogue Upon Request 


a splendid impression here last sea- 
son as the ‘Duke’ in ‘Rigolettu.’ and 
Saletzar, a rising young Spanish tenor. 
The old reliable trio of baritunes, De 
Lucca, Denise and Séotti, are sched- 
uled for another Atlanta appearance, 
as are the world’s three foremost bas- 
sos, Mardenes, Rothier and Didur. 


The engagement of the Motropolitan 


opera was permitted to lapse for even 
one season it would probably mean 
that Atlanta would have seen the last 
of the Metropolitan company, for there 
were many seeking for just that 


opening to perpetuate opera for their | 


Phillips 


own cities. 
Kahn Supports City. 


However, Atlanta has the staunch- 


Piano 


Liberal Terms If Desired 


& Crew 


Company 


Another 


Service 


The Standard Oil Company (Inc.) announce 
the opening, on Monday, January 9th, of a 
new drive-in service station, thoroughly 


The Standard Oil Company, ever eager to 
supply the public with products that have a 
greater percentage of efficiency, offers 
CROWN GASOLINE as one of the great 
Standard Oil Products, whose quality has 
proven the source of increased mileage and 


CROWN GASOLINE Service Stations Now at 


E. Mitchell and Central Avenue 
Edgewood Ave. and Butler St. 
Peachtree and Porter Place 
Park and Lee Streets 

Ponce de Leon and Boulevard 
Bellwood Ave. and Means St. 


rown Gasoline 
Siation 


pensing CROWN GASOLINE, Polarine 
motor oil, and free air and water, at— __ sey 


Edgewood Avenue & Butler Street 


For the convenience of Atlanta motorists. 
Call and inspect this new service station, and 
fill your gasoline tank with 


GASOLINE 


economical motor operation for many years. 
When you drive to a filling station to replen- 
ish your gas supply, you will wisely choose 
a Service Station handling CROWN GASO- 
LINE, for motors using this choicest fuel 
will necessarily act better. * ea es ' 


CROWN 
GASOLINE 


Whitehall and Humphries Streets 


Marietta Street and Howell Mill Road 
Moreland and Euclid Avenues 

East Lake Drive, Decatur, Ga. 
Buckhead 

James Street, (near Fairlie). 


“STANDARD OIL COMPANY 


(Incorporated in Kentucky) 


Fill your crank case with POLARINE— 
| the standard motor oil. 


est sort of a friend in Otto H. Kahn, 181 Peachtree 


[vy 5267 


company was not obtained without 


president of the Metropolitan organi- | 
zation. Mr. Kahn remembered the - 


Carlton's 


For Quality and Value 


5,000 Suits and 
O’Coats Sacrificed 


Embracing one of the finest stocks of men’s Suits and Over- 
coats in the city. We wish to emphasize the fact that only, 
standard qualities figure in this sale—clothing fashioned by 
America’s foremost tailors. Come and compare our prices and 


YOU’LL END BY BUYING. 


Suits and O’Coats 
Values to $40 


> 2 6~° 


Suits are in sport models and 
conservatives for men and 
young men, hand-tailored of 
the finest cloths. Big variety 
to select from. 


Big Reductions in Men’s Furnishings 
including Manhattan Shirts, Also Shoes 


Boys’ Clothing, Furnishings and 
Shoes Also Greatly Reduced 


Carlton Shoe & 
Clothing Co. 


difficulty this year. City after city 
applied to the Metropolitan directors 


Suits and O’Coats 
Values to $60 


$36~° a: 


Big, heavy Chesterfields and 
Ulsters in both rough and 
smooth fabrics. Herringbones 
and other choice patterns. 


5 sae, ts. % wa 4 
es bee es 


rae 


> Sa 
2x 


ge 


36 Whitehall St. 


[ 


® } 


h 


q* . 


“REACH AGREEMENT 


(A Re <- ou receipt of price, or C, O. D. Parcel 
Po 


PROHIBITING GAS 


Report of Subcommittee 
on Aircraft Limitation 
Is Then Presented by 
Secretary Hughes. 


BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. | 
Washington, danuary 7.—VPoisen 
gas as an imstrument of warfare was 


outlawed today Dy Great Britain, Ja: | 


pan, Kranee, ituiy and the United 
States, who, through their representa- 
tives in the Washington conference, 
approved the American proposal to 
probibit the use of that weapon. 
After the adoption of the anti-gas 


5 ee Ita Pit : ~ ih. 
spite. ‘the jaudeuaesi report, 


j ber or characteristics of either com- 


resulution, the urmament. conference 
wok up the report of its subcummit- | 
tee’on aircraft limitation, but reached 
my» conclusion on that matter. ‘I'he 
aircraft discussion will be continued ; 
Monday. 

On the question of aireraft, the sub- | 
committee reported that it was deemed 
impossible to limit the size or use or 
characteristics of aircraft, other than 

shter-than-air craft, and that the 
rae of restricting aircraft in war, 
in its opinion, should ‘be left open for 
» future 


The air ft report was drawn by 
the subcouw. fittee headed by Rear Ad- 
miral Moffmét. of the American navy. 
It asserted that it was deemed im- 
possiblé to restrict ‘development of 
aircraft and that a limitation on com- 
mercial development of aircraft would 
retard the new science, while commer- 
cial aireraft could be converted 
onickly for military usages. There- 
fore. the report found, it would be 
inadvisable to lay down any set of 
rules for restrictions except as to 
the lighter-than-air machinés. These 
were said to be comparatively a min- 
cr weapon of war. 

When the snbject of aircraft was 
tnken up. Senator Schanzer. head of 


66 afl 


‘< 
Jae! 
ni 


some action looking toward liniutation™ 
ot aircratt as unpiements of war. 

Mr. Baifour, in expressing assent 
for the British delegation to the poisun 
as resoiution, was understood tu have 
stated that Great Britain, whue agree- 
abie to the. proposai to prohibit the 
use of a: weapon, must, however, 
keep in h with developments in 
chemical ns are, so as to be prepared 
should war arise with any of the na- 
tions not represented in the Wash- 
ington conference. 

Secretary Hughes, in submitting the 
report of the subcommittee on air- 
craft, called attention to the final rec- 
ommendation of the committee, which 
reads : 

Finai Recommendation. 

“The committee is of the opinion 
that it is not practicable to impose 
any effective Imitation upon the num- 


mercial or military aircraft except in 
the single case of lighter-than-air 
craft. 

“The committee is of the opinion 
that the use of aircraft in war. should 
be governed by the rules of warfare 
as adopted | to aircraft by a further 
conference.” 

The prevailing impression among 
delegates was that ail the business 
respecting armament could be finished 
in two or three days more, leaving 
only Chinese and Siberian questions 
| to be closed. 


FORD 10 ATLANTA 


Amorous Anxious to In- 

terest Capitalist in De- 
veloping Chattahoochee 
Hydro-Electric Power. 


Plans for inviting Henry Ford. to 
consider the development of the hydre- 
electric power of the Chattahoochee 
river with a view toward manufac- 
turing nitrate, if his proposition rela- 
tive to.<duscle Shoals is denied by 
the federal government, were begun 
in Atlanta Saturday by Martin Ford ° 
Amorous, local capitalist, and chair- : 


of Commerce committee, named at - 
river and to collect data about the 


there. 

Mr. Amorous bones to get the cham- 
ber of commerce to send un invita- 
tion to Henry Ford, because, he points 
out, Ford can acquire in a shorter 


'‘Dbide for Funds 
For Presbyterian 
Schools Starts 


From every Presbyterian pulpit in 
Atlanta today prominent Presbyterians 
vf the city will urges? Pavvancement 
of their faith by appealing to all 
members to support the schools of the 
church. 

Each speaker will emphasize the 
failures of the church’in. the matter 


rof denominational education, hereto- 


fore, and each will urge the support 
uf the synod’s campaign for Christian 
education, which will begin next Sun- 
uay, January 15, and will be conclud- 
ed one week later. 

Two hundred thousand dollars, the 
first result of renewed interest of 
Presbyterians of Georgia in Christian 
education, will be raised, to be ad- 
minis stered by synod’s committee on 
education of the Presbyterian church 
cf Georgia. 

Of this total] amount, $100,000 will 
be applied toward increasing the ca- 
pacity of the Nacoochee institute, the 
mountain schooi now owned and oper- 


FOR 


5 COLDS 


Humphreys’ ‘“‘Seventy-seven”’ 
for Colds, Grip, Influenza, 
Catarrh, Cough, Sore Throat. 

To vet the best resulis take 
at the first feeling of a Cold. 


AQ”’ 


INDUCES 


SLeLr 


Hlumphreys’ Number ‘‘Forty’’ Induces Re- 
pore and Natural, Refreshing Sleep. 

or Jnsomnin, Sleeplessness, Wakefulness, 
Nestlesaness and Nervonsness. 

No Narcotic. No Opiate, No Dope, No 
hahit-forming Drugs, Strictly Homeopathic, 
» Jrice, 30c and $1.00" at Drug s Stores, of 


Hus nphreys’ Homeo. Medicine Co., 156 Wil- 
liam Street, New York.. Medical Book Free. 


‘tional movement of the synod, 


| 


‘avenue school, 


WE SELL FORD CARS 


A. L. BELLE ISLE — [VY 507 


ated by synod. 

In co- operation with the new eee 
1e 
North Avenue church, of Atlanta. has 
offered to donate the present North 
up to this time the 
property of the Atlanta church, to the 
Presbyterian church of the state as a 
whole, when the remaining hundred 
thousand dollars shall be available. 

Provision will be made immediately 
for a dormitory space which will take 
care of the increased attendance, and 
the new North avenue institution will 
take over the plant and equipment, as 
well as the complete organization of 
the present North avenue school. 

In the services Sunday in the North 
Avenue Presbyterian church, Dr. J. R. 
McCain, vice president of the Agnes 
Scott college, will give a four-minute 
talk. Seott Candler, state chair- 
man of the campaign, will ad- 
dress the congregation of the 
Kirkwood Presbyterian church. In 
the Druid Hills church, John A. 
Sibley will speak; in College Park 
ehurch, Mrs... 8. H. Askew; 
Snrings- church. M. R. Abbot; in the 
First church. L. D. Strouss, and in 
the Central church, W. D. Beatie, city 
chairman of the campaign, will speak. 

Also the twenty-one Christian- En- 
deavor societies of the church in At- 
lanta will be addressed by speakers 
on the same subject. 


Defi 
No. 
Manganese 
Solace 


$2.60 
risk dete e 4 22.60 | No. 
. .$2.60 


Joo 


No exchanges, no C, 


while they last. 


ATTENTION, BARBERS! 


CLOSING OUT OUR COMPLETE LINE OF NEW GERMAN RAZORS 
AT COST 
No. 555°". 


All orders must be accompanied by ex- 
press or P, O. moncy order. "No checks accepted. 
We will not carry razors in the future. 


Dixie Laboratory, 40 Trinity Ave., Atlanta. Ga. 


Henkel Torpedo $2.60 
Wester’s Special 82.60 
Goezzy 

Jung 


ORDER QUICKLY, 


Spratling Is Continually Dyeing 


— GIVE HIM 


He makes a specialty of getting out mourning 
orders and Dry Cleaning on short notice- 


Work Promptly Called for and Delivered. 
Mail Orders Given Special Attention 


Atfanta Steam Dye and Cleaning Works 
53 AUBURN AVE. 


A TRIAL — , | 
Phone Ivy 2340 


Battle & 
Reliable 


20 Years’ Experience 
231, WHITEHALL ST. 
Phone Main 1123 


Coleman 
Dentists 


P. E. COLEMAN 


1922 CALENDAR 


for the best name 


Painted by Norman Rockwell. FREE 
Cail and get yours. $1,000 in prizes 


GEORGIA PAINT & GLASS CO. 


26-28 Luckie St. 


for this picture. 


VICTROLAS 
and 
SONORAS 
$25 TO $350 
Cash or Easy Terms 


VICTOR 
RECORDS 


Our records will play on any talking 
machine or Phonograph, and our 
stock is as complete as the factory 
can make it. 


Come in or write for catalogues. 


IBAME’S, Inc. 


“Accnta’s Exclusive Talking Machine Shop” 


Poschixee St. 


osite Piedmont Hotel 


in Rock , 


time and at less expense the power he 
| is now trying to acquire from the fed- 
| eral government at Florence, Ala., and 

he were to choose the Chatta- 
hoochee it would mean a great im- 
petus in every line of industry for 
Georgia. 

Chattahoochee Surveyed. 


He stated that in 1917 the Chat- 
tahoochee was surveyed with that end 
in view and the result was that it was 
found that 250,000 horsepower can be 
obtained by the construction of four 
dams between Atlanta and West 
Point ; and that by the construction of 
locks, the river would be made navi- 
gable for 1,000-ton vessels from At- 
lanta to the gulf. Mr. Amorous also 
said this waterpower can be obtained 
on the Chattahoochee at approximate- 
ly half the cost and in half the time 
that tt would now take Ford to get 
= of Muscle Shoals as it is at pres- 
en 

He said that if Ford were to eltoose 
the Chattahoochee as the site for his 
endeavors, it would mean the addi- 
tional employment of 1,250,000 men 
on the enterprise. He also touched 
on the relative value of the two lo- 
calities. “The volume of water on the 
Tennessee is greater than on the Chat- 
tahoochee,” he said, “but that differ- 
ence is obliterated when one consid- 
ers that the Tennessee has a bed of 
limestone, while the Chattahoochee 
has a bed of granite. The latter river 
has the better foundation than the 
Tennessee. There are no two en- 
gineers in this country who can agree 
on the cost necessary to get a fixed 
and ee horsepow er from Musgle 
Shoals,’ 

In 1917, when the government was 
considering 150 cities for the erection | 
of a nitrate manufacturing plant for 
the purpose of being able to oer eee 
effectively the war against Germany, 
the Chattahoochee river was chosen 
as one of the five cities deemed most 
feasible for that purpose by the gov- 
ernment. 


Hall Makes Report. 


B. M. Hall, of the firm of B. M. 
Hall & Son, consulting, civil, mining ' 
and hydraulic engineers, who was a 
member of the chamber committee 
and who surveyed the Chattahoochee, 
made a complete report of the possi- 
bilities of the Chattahoochee for 
manufacturing nitrate to Secretaries 
Baker, Lane and Houston and other 
officials composing the board which 
decided upon the location of the plant 
in 1917. They are said to have favor- 
ed the Chattahoochee site, but because 
of political pressure and public senti- 
ment, it is said, Muscle Shoals was 
chosen. 

It is expected that Mr. Amorous 
will present his plans to the board of 
directors of the local chamber some- 
time during next week. 


473,000 BUILDING 


Building permits aggregating ap- 
proximately $473.000 were granted or 


‘ applied for in Atlanta during the first 


week of 1922, 
Saturday of 
Charles Bowen. 

This makes a record for building 
permits granted or applied for during 
the first week of any year in ‘At- 
lanta’s recent history. 

Saturday afternoon a permit was 
granted the Citizens Trust company, 
negro banking institution, to erect 


according to records 
Building Inspector 


acre strip at Hunter and 
streets, to cost about $100,000. 


PRINCE OF HAWAII 
DIED ON SATURDAY 


Honolulu, January 7:—(By the As- 


sociated LDress.)—The death today of 
Jonah Kuhie Kalanianole, Hawaii's 
delegate in congress, hereditary prince 
of the old royal line of the Island’ of 
Kauai and the last link between the 
Hawaii of today and its monarchial 
past, bas thrown the entire territory 
into mourning, particularly™its citi- 
zens of Hawaiian bload. - 

“Prince Kuhio,” as he generally 
was known throughout the territory, 
had been in ill-health for a consid- 
erable period and was contemplating 
an early trip to San Francisco, where 
he intended entering a sanitarium for 
treatment. 


65 TRAFFIC DEATHS 
FOR NEW ORLEANS 


New Orleans, January 7.—WSixty- 
five deaths in traffic accidents was 
the record for New Orleans in 1921. 
according to a report of the -depart- 
ment of public safety, issued today. 
During the year there were 980 such 
accidents. 


BRECKENRIDGE LONG 


TO RUN FOR SENATE | 


St. Louis, January 7.—Brecken- 


| ridge Long, former assistant secretary 
of the treasury, announced tonight he 


would be a candidate for nomination 

next August to the United States sen- 
ate in opposition to Senator James A. 
Reed, who is expected by his friends 
to be a candidate for re-election. 


Locust Grove Election. 


Locust Grove, Ga., January 7.— 
(Special.)—In a spirited election here | 
today, the following officers were | 
elected; W. E. Parr, mayor; I. E. 
Combs, T. B. Smith, W. L. Smith, in 
B. Plexico and L. i Pitts, councilmen. 
Much interest was manifested as this | 
was the first time that women have 
participated in elections in Locust 
Grove. 


$200,000 Fire Loss. 


Baltimore, January 7.—Damage 
totalling more than $200,000 was ious 
by fire which broke out tonight in 
the plant of M. Summerfield Son & 
Co., clothing stocks, 103 Hopkins 

the heart of the wholexale 
The Summerfield concern 


‘U. 5, Rene: y 
To ‘Help Business 


Keal ‘estate dealers, large preperty 
owners, and speculators welcomed 


heartily the expiration of the old fed- 
eral revenue act which imposed a large 
surtax on profits, according to G. 
Ward Wight, president of the Atlanta 
real estate board. 

“The new federal revenue act makes 
+a number of changes in the income 
\law which are of especial interest to 
owners of property,” Mr. Wigbt said 
Saturday, discussing the advent of the 


N 


man in 1917 of the Atlanta Chamber | 
that time to survey the Chattahoochee ' 


feasibility of manufacturing nitrate | 


PERMITS IN ONE WEEK 


twenty-five homes on a thirty-three- | 
Ashby i 


of the 


\ 


ee 


felt 
Splendid 
to $8. 


Handsome 
Hats. 

Sold up 
great sale 
they’re special .... 


neat 


$2 stocks. 


Hats and Cans 


A Clean-up for You 


and Velour 


92.99 


A big assortment of fine, 
patterned golf 
From our regular $1.50 to 


Special sale. price.... 


ls the r year . 
sone off the market ook property, 


for the reason that a large part of 
the profit would hare: to be paid out 
for taxes.” 

Mr. Wight is connected with the 
sales department of the Adafr Realty 
and Trust company, and has made a 
study of the new tax act as applying 
to profits. 

“Section 206 of the new law gives 
a good deal of relief to the seller,” 


he said. “However, the benefit ap- 
plies only to property sold or -ex- 
changed after December 31, 1921, and 
it must be property ‘acquired and 
held by the taxpayer for profit or in- 
vestment for more than two years.’ 
The law seems to exclude a residence 
used by the owner. 

“In case of a sale of property com- 


These are the greatest- Sales 
ever presented in the history 


Eiseman . Business 


tota inel 
this profit in his regular schedul 
income. 

“If this option is exercised, it is 
required that all sales for the year 
must use this form. In other words, 
the net profit of all the sales of the 
year should be figured, and any losses 
deducted, and 12 1-2 per cent tax paid 
on the net profit. 

“"Phis change is welcomed by real- 
ters and owners of property as a step 
towards lightening some of the war- 
time burdens of high taxes.” 


Florence. Italy, is known as the 
“City of Flowers.” Here the famous 
orris-root perfumes . are produced 
from the roots of the large pale purple 


-liris or flag, which is grown extensively 


thronghout the surrounding. districts. 


Me 


‘ 
 » 
’ 
— WV 
~ 
* 


ra "ARMS CONFEREROS! 


ON JOURNEY HOME 
Washington, January 7.—(By the 


-Associated Press.)——-Prince Tokugawa, 


one of the Japanese arms delegates, 
left Washington ‘today for San 
Francisco, where he will embark Jan- 
vary 18 on the steamer Korea Maru 
for Japan. . 

Prince Tokugawa will be accom- 
panied to Japan by some half a dozen 
members of the delegation, including 
Baron N. Kanda, a member of the 
house of peers. who is the personal 
advisor to Prince Tokugawa and Con- 
sul General Takao. who is attached 
to the foreign office at Tokio ana 


station to bid him farewell, for 
cordial manner in which he had ion 
received in the United States, He told 
all of his friends that he would carry ~~ 
back with him to Japan the “he | 
remy pare ne the American wy 
ae 
0 vies 8 or the people 

. har wish them happiness 


— pres vemsexite 

ce Tokugawa is dent of — 
the house of peers, which will as © 
semble within a fortnight in Tokie — 
making it necessary for him to re 
turn before the other members of the 
delegation. Earlier in the day he 
called at the white house to bid fare- 
well to President Harding. 


2 TARAAAAABAAARARARARSAARERRERARRERRRRRRRS AW UAE AAAAAACAAL SAA CA&A& AA AAA AA Aaa aaaaas: 


Mail Orders will be filled on 
all articles listed in this adver- 


This 1s aRagvent that demands prompt attention. It brings 


Men’s and Boys’ wear to the lowest prices in years. 


Make 


no mistake about it—this wonderful sale makes it possible 
to spend BOTH sides of your dollars. 


—then act promptly. 


> 


* 


Read these items 


Here are some feature specials: 


Saits and Overcoats 


5 and *35 


= 


A Few Suits and Overcoats at $40 


All Tuxedos--Full Dress Suits--$50 
Extra Pants All 25% Off 


Sale Includes Entire Stock 
Former Prices $35 to $75 


Here are three stocks that 
Offer sensational values in 
Men’s Finest Furnishings 


Variety. 


ag ae prices. 


$2.50 Shirts, 
special 
$3.00 Shirts, 
special 
$3.50 Shirts 
Caps. 


95¢c 


greater event for we 
Sizes, patterns and varieties for every man. 
Here’s a chance to stock up, men. 


Manhattan Shirt Sale 
With All Eiseman Shirts Included 


The regular January Manhattan Shirt Sale is made a still 
have included our entire stock. 


$6.00 Shirts 
special . 
” vest - irts 


$7. 50 EO Shirts 
special 


Big adic Al Men’s Wear 


Famous 


sizes. 
general 


Note these 


ers, 
eee . $3.85 


ers 


ose 00. $4.65 All 


woes - $4.65 


$12.50 
Hair 


tisement 


Sweaters 
Ina Big Sale 


by and Amho makes. 
For golf, 


college colors, too. 
All $6.50 coat Sweat- 
now 

All $8.00 coat Sweat- 
», now | 
$10.00 
' S$lip-overs .... : 
All $11 College coat 

Sweaters 


very special .......$9.35 


Rug- 
All 
and 
and 


Pennsylvania, 


sport 


wear, School 


College 


Imported | ‘Camel's 
Golf Sweater-coat, 


For Boys--An Event at Eiseman’s That Will Never Be Equalled! 


$1.25 Buys Fine 
Extra Knickers 


These are splendid full cut, 
well made boys’ Knickers, 
A clearance of 
345 pairs from our regular 


$2.50 to $4 stocks. 
tional value at 


68 Boys’ Suits at $5 -- All $1 Shirts and Blouses, 65c --Lot Boys’ Caps at 39c 
. 25% Off on Mackinaws, Overcoats and Sweaters 


364 Boys’ 


Sale at $9.65 


The finest all-wool Suits we 
ever had. Some sold up to 
None less than $20. 
Famous Dubbelbilt and Jack 


$35. 


O’Leather Suits 


Out they go in the January 


SOM GR Gc daw ss 


Suits 


in all sizes. 
included. 


. $9.65 


Odds and 


to 8 years. 


Sensa- to $8.50. 


. $1.25 


Small Boy Suits 
Special at $3.95 


ends from our 
regular fine stocks of Junior 
Norfolk Suits for Boys 2% 


give-away price is.. 


SASS BRS 8S SS SESS SES SEL SEE ES SO SN NS SS ON SS TT eee 


They sold up 


January sale 
. $3.95 


| 


Ne ite, 
S THE 


feb ee eh ST 


was the rare wed suffere-. their loss : 
een eee | ore ee =e 


| ANGLE 
tial 


. 


= 


1 ee ‘nS pas a : 
Tae. & a * hans era - A ‘ “ » 
= Oo ae Fak, . >. Pe ry * ary RNC a 2 4 fa . ” nd 2 " 
1 dt ate 4 ¢ are” 3 ; i Pe ee SAS ee Sie a kn, SS A * vot , bend atee gy , + % P é Coe ae Se te 4 ; ; ; 4 : ; , 
» ve > . , Sa ys ~ iw 7 owt aN ae ee . re 3 a , ; My “ } R ina? $ , : wk o : 4 . 
- % 4 v ‘ > ~ vie % feign 4 y. Seat et ore ee 7 ane , Ok " eee - x“ . é - ‘ : . ‘ 4 aS gia . ay Bud. . ‘ u ~~ * ’ z ‘ - j bg 4 
® P P : A ee YR ie, Sangean" pats, wb, RMR SN ys Ca, St EY ae Pag : ile A 3 f ~ te ey > . pee § Featy" x : Des eaOaNG. = ; : ys i < ‘ Ff IR at to ns . xa Mes ce +“ , eo t 
k i ; I ke AW Sore he a oe ee . ov ea cos : tee es 4g 2 ye 4 1 ‘ Spee Se (Soe eS Ne SL dees Sash A +x ae F “ak BAP Ty ag _ De ae me 
n ot r, ao * on 4 + ts, BY . id Be <t ke hoes = : Vebes : ; dain oii ty g pe sai 5 eG 
y cz : . & r SS *~ . GR, i é. 2 ae daty wee age asa a so =] ee eS ace PB: tl 
=. ; ; , aah, ea Ca es Pe ne ee ane or AMEE: hl ae ”* ee eee ee ee eS ee ea ; ; y Pot aciatte ee ; : oe 
. = — ' ¥ — — xd ea dis - ~ — ie esis a ae p Setgeett a “ ee a ee : f er a “a ‘ —_ _ ~eatust tiem : 
Sat eee ee a amie Clie Tlie, din Tie ee | in * ae mene OO PERM HE A = eed Es TR BR: of * oh S Rs pore: eg oS ails RS IP garner e See Se . é = F }. Sarr erg ae Fs 
age) as, ee > Me b ah. Pe & : > : ? * . : ; ev. re" : J “ . > 
« ae GT : o> : : . t . . . ~ K a : ee 
nz ~ te ; th “ te “ rh A “ ae 2 ¥ aoe = di cats Ab 24% 
Py ’ aa é te ¥ Se a ° 4 i 4 € e 
: + oe Pw Rk. “ * 5 rt 
i @ ¢ . 
bs ; : - ¢ 
| >.< 
~ we > 


i 7 ‘ ¢ “ 
+h ng a j ‘ Re See a ; sf. 4 = = ; 
=~ A - v + ’ uA ; € Cis < e ’ : : asl a > | + 7 : | oe* seal oy ; t “ . _ & 7 on . pe . . a 
, . + 4 3 2 oye : “ : > eae / a > -Galewe ‘e! tee ‘ ee Se as Te ie ha ‘ 7h ~ tee * el agen? a ape 
J \ t hae . & 2 »" ie ; bx - > Gm —. Po § . ®, : r > eer +2 
r - ’ ie ; z q ay : : ‘=: :1f . “ “\ ¥ ’ 5 
" a Jf ’ ‘ A . : 7 ‘ Ps. ‘io a¢<i% * . + Ss 4 P ; . aa Se & ; “i ~ ¢ : 
al 7 - _ ' ; < “ . . ~ . J + - * . . 
} i ' . : ix Ss + or ail 
Silver Hill, A presi rmers’ u =. Te 
i ies 
* 
- 


— ; z 
> ig z ps 

rs x Fn att oF 

=. 

- me ee * 

; 5 A. ; ai 

; ag} 


ae: po et wd 
Tiel a ang pees 


et: 4 anne Bess ee Ral aia ad 
Rand ce GPa AO ye he ae AL Bh IEEE! 9 iy i, cae og ae SM Ls SBE 
eae Sige et ee RL ie =< mae” ; Re A OE aE , re ee <a De . ES Re 
= . . - a ’ Mig s ; - . Pt Le see: “_ Me, “eX Soi j 4 yh > ee 4h. 
¥ 'Mary Garden Gets RS MHAMS THE | Lo O, 
ary Garden Gets WLAMS Hb | 42 
; j : 
4 ri ' 


“7-4 


a Sl ss 
eet, >, hs 
Pe ee te BS a 
mis: eat ae 
- 
Bins w . 


ae in the conference. Among those at 


BE . 
Unsigned Letter . ‘urry| Just to Satisfy oreroncctosaleyt age bergen aet 
TECH BUILDINGS Threatening Life 10 PRISON Th WEEK r ublic Curiosity | 10 FARM MEETING Secrest Whines YT Reto 


wt Will Not Ask New Trial. ie 090 
Winona, Minn., January %.—The | BY JAMES A. HOLLOMON, conference will be broadly representa- A c K Book 


Building at Georgia Tech will be-{ Chicago, January ae caniaal Issues Statement Prais- f Miss F Bioch, and | 
‘gin about the first 0! March, accord- | director-in-chief of the Chicago Gra > graves © isS Frances pioch, an Constitution Bureau | tive of agriculture and allied indus- ’ 
» Becord | ing Jury. | her brother Joseph, will be opened on | Raleigh Hotel. i | Household Ge ween i ee 


ug to announcement Saturday. Work | peta company and leading soprano, F : tries. : 
m excavations for both the commerce | today is under police protection after ‘ Monday to satisfy public curiosity <8! Washington, January 7.—(By Con aed yeah apes ey | Pee 7 ranging in price from 
“ee . "si h yhat is in their coffins, Chief of | stitne; Pine \—- ,, Bou bmn the Souths §=Unaries 8 | 
Estelle Williams, who was | t What 1s C Chief of | stitution Leased Wire.)—Secretary Barrett, Union City, Ga., president | Needs 75c¢ to $30.00 
| , ~ SEZ OUR WINDOW 
TODAY 


and agricultural building and the | receipt a few days ago of a box con- Mrs. 
ghysics buiding will start. This wilij| taining a pistol and nine cartridges} convicted Thursday night in Fulton Police Riebau announced ioday. | Wallace made public today a partia! National Farmers’ union: J. 8. Wan. | 


550 6 agenaemd tel Atlaece’ dee ct ‘and a letter threatening her life. In| superior court of shooting N. L. Post, 
hem sitijled laborers, Apmis Fs pastebourd carton which contained | jocomotive engineer, at her home on 
sian and xpccitications for the rew | the cartridges three compartments! Ormond street, following an alized 
february 13. 1 ie bi naga by | inissing bullets were reserved by him ; liquor, party, will serve her sentence | the grave last week only to find noth- | The membership of the confergnce wili| change, editor Oklahoma ‘Farmer | 
d "e - > } rj . : 7 ’ i ° ° } ‘ °a! : —— 2s : ' . ° ‘ > . ” - i 
ff the Carnecie aaeiaition ant ve for her, adding he “hoped” he would! of from one to five years, according | "8 but bare skeietons, made it advis- ‘be composed of a majority of farmers: gga ag Bowles, Lynchburg. 
ontract fr this work will be placed | 5007 bave the pleasure of seving your! to a statement made Saturday by Lem | able to inspect the bodies, Chief Rie- and farm organization leaders, though! Sag i Rone rage ivr. Charles | 
mimediately afterward and instruc- | 04% ,, floating, down the Chicago’ B. Guillebeau, her attorney. Mr. Gil- | bau said. ! there will be a representation of the! breeder of "daity  enttle: Arthur H | 
dons given that work start at the | "YS": at’ wretched. person ‘net me! pon sented that Mrs. W eran so Police had previously announ.ed! chief industries and lines of business! Hancock, Harris, Ky., tobacco grower :| 
use time work on the commerce and {1 4, not know why he picked on me—| pine mek” state prison farm early | their intention of exhuming the bodies | men depedent unon agriculture, as well} D. G. Harry, Pylesvile, Md., dairyman | 
irehitecture structure begins. | 2 a Ore ee ae rs next week to begin serving her | to find whether Bloch had deeapitated as a considerable group representin?. d president f b : 
It i 2’ ..,|a box with a horrid pistol and a} sentence a oe a ; group re} tin? and president farm bureau; Harry P | 
t is believed that contractors will ; 7 a ey con fl jaar” the corpses in a superstitious‘ belief | banking, transportation and related; Strasbangh, Aberdeen, Md., president | 
make unusual progress on the work, | 2°* * + nat fone —_ aon ~~ = Salome to the sentence, Mrs. | that such an action would end a long | lines, . | National Canners’ mac rpg Alfred 
ind that both buildings will be ready | (eee Oe ee ous ae ‘illiams will serve one year at the | series of deaths in the family, |” Co’ j iv k ~ leith, . Miss. « 
TE ce ot the vt Pa ready | threat. Why, the pig!” far, Se tthel aad ak eile oka. cael 3 3 Cotton, grain, tobacco, live stock H. Stone, Dunleith, Miss., cotton 
7 aoe ee as ecome automatically paroled. At the 


etx fall, and will ass*st greatly in | ‘ 
‘elieving crowded Sunilitions a the | Lumber Plant Burns. end of five yeurs she will be granted | 
. | a full pardon, it was shown. 


nstitution. The building operations! Moultrie, Ga January 7.—(S . 
ge oe in the greater Georgia | cial.) —The plant of the Jenkins Lec , Fo haga gr eyes a. = § 
‘ech development plans. |ber company, including a sawmill; *@cUon over the verdict, although 

Phone Ivy 1021 Charge As Good Lunch 


obert & Co. engineers directing | three dry kilns and several thousand} he had expected a verdict of acquittal, 


the work, have received pla 1! feet ¢ stroy > fi he said. : 
‘ pians and! feet of lumber, was destroyed by fire MaliciterGlenetal<Zehu 14: Bovkia | ak eh As You Ever 


specifications for the commerce «and ! early today. cnusing a loss of $30,000 ' 
iehitecture building, and it is stated | with $12,000 insurance " [and Assistant Solicitor Ed A. Steph- ; For Quick 
| riers , éns represented the state. : Invited. Tasted 


zt renracts will ‘he closed imme- | - ate Godlee . f Ss ° 
‘ately with the condition that work! Racehorses are often insured for r. Guillebeau, Saturday afternoon, ervice .. . 
made the following statement : | Ask Any Good food—variety, 


% not started before March 1, jamounts as high as $100,000. k “After » conference with Mra. ‘Wil- An ; k i 
(liams and her husband today, it has — | From y OF saseke at pie ay =a Jacobs’ Gives Mail Order 


—- ali! been definitely decided not to appeal = =e acobs’ Store 
py A of J reasonable _ prices. 


HB1i9 A||| for a new trial. Mrs. Williams will- )3- | sal Serv; 
mij; leave for the state prison farm at ' <fB gaag! 10 Stores. Managers. On Jacobs’ Balcony Buyers a Specia ervice 


Milledgeville early next week. Her | : 
ne is from one “y a  Aagyratrtant _ . i. Isn’t it a comforting thing to know that 
| if sa pdr os my mec = i te . living out of the city does not in the least 
| . prevent your buying satisfactorily at Ja- 

cobs’? That’s because we operate a Mail 


| prison commission, she will be pa- 
roled, subject to order of the board.” . ae 
Order department which is in charge of 


| Speaking of the trial, Mrs. Wil- 
| liams said:  — 9 experts who fill ahd ship your order the 
i “J feel that everything that could | @ . day it is received. 
| be —e ag me a ge dane in = 
; trial, cnow that the men who A ? ° 
| composed the jury are among the best €: Our Catalogue Mailed You 
| | ) Free Upon Request 


citizens in Fulton county for in strik- 
ing the jury my attorney took care 
fo select men only of the highest 
i type. Of course some of the men 
| had to be stricken for special reason. 
| “IT had expected a verdict of ac- | 
quittal, und, of course, I was dis- 


'gppointed. I have no criticism to |‘ 

| make a oe jury, for I know that | IG j “Cal Ki You Men 
the members did what they thought ;@ Tirushes ee 

/ was right. Rather than go through wh cs : iM Living Near 
'to the hard and untrue things that wus > bey: Greenwocd 


me ee : the ordeal of another trial and listen 
} A : | | would be said about me again, I pre- eo Ms ! > hey le ° 
anak. > fer to spend a year at the state farm. | 4 ee Ee and Highland 
¢ When I reach there I will de my | Can Get PATENT MEDICINES AND 


z % best to be a anodel prisoner and know | ° : : 
Bil! that I will receive good treatment. | 
RAC i ANIN 0 i i Ba | retest tare eo Ge een ew * rig dle Lapeetad ain HOUSEHOLD REMEDIES--- 
-and as sympathetic as they could be | eee * ) . 
| Cigars and NOTE THESE LOW RICES 


‘haca »tial “ie lea ; ‘and J deeply appreciate the many 
Whose Recital Here at the things that Lave been done for nie.” There are 14 rows of genu- 
: ine Russian bristle which are : 
Cigarettes 


’ : B\| ATLANTA IS PRAISED _ ae = 
Audit Orly Jan. 1 l At BY STREET CAR MEN often miscalled “wire.” Tey CHOCORUUSION < os vk kde bv bie bi es Ce 


leek are set in air cushion, and the From Plethies Castoria: . . oa ckcs cwunceeetis ae 
a = wee | Jacobs’— - Fiblatiimeids Veasit: os os ouch as sec ee 
homeo a a Phone Horlick’s Malted Milk ..........45¢, 79c, $2.89 
| Kimplosden of Ayericn, scepraing to| en ak Hemlock 2134 Baby Brand Milk .......eeseeeeesee eee. -29€ 
report made Sacurday by John G./ Putz “arr € VOR... wc da cas eb sue 13c, Zlc, -5e 


| 7 Mi} | Russell, assistant seeretary of the At- | : . 

- N a “ram A ompnamena tl sein ee ee : . f Peterman’s Ant and Roach Food *ee#8eee#eee 13c, 25c - 
2 ! ciatic et in aunuul convention here | | Pita | “a 
I ) iowa. AS EXTRA SPECIAL: Colman’s Mustard, 2-0z., 25¢; 1-4 pound... .40¢ 
| 3% ‘ The resolution, after speaking of Muisified Cocoanut Ol so es60séeccwedc cue 


“the beautiful and progressive city of $1.75 Cha'lenge and 8Q° Cheney’s Expectorant 9 ke eae Ba .21C, 5le 


in the 7 

} : local newspaper,s city officials, the o e Wine of Cardui eec00 64664668608 64s 0 464 Sec ttt 79¢c 
dopa Siiland otter organizations “aud” indi- | 2 | Monarch Fountain Syringe, Pinnud’s Mbit TOMS... ok occcccn ca 
MARSHALL A WENDELL ait oat | This syringe“is made of maroon colored rubber of fine Piso’$ Courh Sytuv’ ..'. 600s obdsts des dN 
MEARS: y a4 sili WORK PUT IN CHARGE quality and is full two quart size. It has long rubber Pj Couch Sv 59c 
: ] ? “HE o tubing with metal water cut off and hard rubber at- Nex a ous YTUP cececceccecvcrsccces — 

FiIANOS mi}; Of ATLANTA COMPANY tachments. ° ROCK Cam@y o.os.e+s sn cce sc cess SOR ROE 
: OM NESE Gude’s Peptomangan . . ocesccenesctse0en cee 
Urotropith Tapiets . iis cseeewedb ees cases 6am 


Because We Are Over-Stocked, Bayer’s Aspirin Tablets (Dozen) ..........14¢ 
Philip’s Milk of Magnesia .............24e, 43c 


We Will Off er For Monday Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound ...........89e 


LJRIIOTIOD ooo oc cents bs bancees eee 
OGG CONE TUG. o's kbs daw c 4 dae es eee 


* 
eh See: 4 Bath Room Fixtures Aspironal (Liquid Aspirin)...............4le 


ae agen negotiations | : for the ; ; Bell’s Pine Tar Honey. enn es aoe se oe oe le 2k, 53c 
oolworth company ior a fiiteen-y i 9. . 

| "sh ox tie Neidham building. yor | Af 50 ft F 7 WO ' Roche S Embrocation eoeeeveeeeeeaeeeeneess . $1.69 

Cats are now rare in Egypt Cc On i e o D. D. D. Eczema Remedy @:@eoees#ed? *¢ «SSC, 56c, 89c 

aay wre Rola ot ) Kilmer’s Swamp Root.........-...-20€, $1.05 


LOANS KUINCY PHB sc. oo ceeveccckee cides s He 


80 N. Pryor St. , Atlanta, Ga. | a ; Meet Kellogg’s Bran 25c 
. a i. cS EN of 1f ee ‘ fers. ¥ Tr: "SZ the yat : : ‘ < : eee e066 0668066806 Oe Be SC oe 6.8. 0 oe 
- ee eo > | The world uses up an avyerag if Toilet Paper Holc ers, So ip Trays and other bath room Lister’s Diabetic Flour. ete eae .$2.75 and $4.85 


eee eetiateets eee eeetemeeenens noe . 'three million needles a day. : , : 
+ fixtures. King’s Medical Discovery: . ..30céesseuccewntin 
22 e Jad Salts * ees e's e*eeneee#ee#e#ee##8e#s6 *eeee#8e#eé 79¢ 


Sweet Gumand = TISSUE TOILET PAPER roel Rennie semen S a RE 


ee , at Horehound cme: ne ee es ee Dodson’s Livertone® oi. ie obatie esses ee 

Good Phe % By ' | toilet 18¢ Roll Pape’s Dianensitt s,s ce eace es coi 

> tae. & » 50c | Paper $1.95 Dozen Taibo (POM. «cis hesnstcgienbas ++. .93¢ 

to the Sats hy «A rh iff Re PR a pate se trig pe ) ( Toi —Two thousand sheets of 

: g ay ops = aN Aye ~~ ! coughs, colds and bron- 4s ag Pye toilet tissue 
AST ‘ 


Interest in the statement by Thomas | jist of persons who have accepted invi | namaker, St. Matthews, S. C., presi | 
Bloch, 69 father of the dead persons. | tatoins to participate in the oud) dent American Cotton asociation ; Cari | 


) Williams, Oklahoma City, Okla., presi: | 
that he and a neighbor had opened | tural conference opening January 23 | Jent pec engage: ney Gecenae en : 


If out-of-town, write us. 


Southern 


Sook Concern 
71 Whiteha!! St. 


. 


Preyer Swe ae SSeS eee eS ee ee ee 


i 


—— 


a 


—- om 


is an event of supreme musical importance, is one ail! Atlanta’s bospitality and progres- 
of a hundred or more great pianists whose playing , @]}/ siveness is praised im a resolution just! 
i bre t yvioh* int mm me if v rnecace the _pussed by the wAmalgamated .Assvcin- 
is brought right into your home if you possess the it | diese Ob (ritenet lend “nleeteia Mailers 


SCADIA ASSIS ce IIS Sa A aA aes 


‘ Atlanta, extends thanks to the 


- = 


The significance of this most wonderful of musical instru- Bij; Announcement was made ix. building 

ments cannot be understood or appreciated unless it is mii: circles here Saturday that work will 

heard. Music of all kinds is provided by the AMPICO. Bij} be started at once on remodeing the 

WE Necdbanm building in Coiufabus, which 

You will enjoy hearing this great pianist’s playing cay wee nue bef Crap gis cosmaigp 

of his own C Sharp Minor Prelude in his authorita- eae weree Wet ae he SES oO 

Sera forgettable interpretation the building department of the Adair 

‘ive ana unjorgettaole iiterpretation. aii) Ttealty and Trust company, of Atlanta, 

ss , ‘ mit!) and James C, Senter, of the Atlanta 

Come in and hear him in our AMPICO Studios. Siij firm, left Saturday for Columbus te | 
mit; start the work. 

The Adair company, 28 agents, co- , 


ere eee ee eee 


-—— 


: 
ay 
| 
; 
3 
é 
‘ 
. 


An orthodox Jew has to take wine K 
; 
f 


'on the Sabbath. Included in this sale are Towel Bars, Glass. Shelves, 


I Rae exo >, If you are Languid or ‘ 6 
ONT || ewe MOT kt) ng AT have other Symptoms of ag «nt rt 
RAI CRO ING PAUP INS AUS" gh a Lazy Liver You Need ue WLOLTIC 


) Jacobs’ Liver Salt, 35cand75¢ 9 ganv'® 
TOILET ARTICLES J ne a seynri ~— ae sated i 35c 


In a Carefully Selected very short while you will notice the im- 
provement in your feelings. It 


Assortment acts on the liver and bowels mild- | GRIER’S ALMANAC 
ig 9 ly. One tablespoonful in warm : : 
: Melba Toiletries. : water before breakfast each day (=S= Free for the Asking 
Cleansing CBee... hea ac ss cee 50c | is the dose. : 
“Massage Cream .........+....29c and 50¢ 


Melbaline Face Pa@der .....ccssceee ctl 4 
Love Me Face Power «002001521 78e Uh : ADD TO THE PLEASURI’ 
Lip Sticks ...... Ee a a : Bicycle OF ENTERTAINING WITHss 
ose Blus Eieaige : le ' \ Playing | WHITE ROCK AND 
Beh ecco ns tee onees Cords 3 APOLLINARIS 


Marvelous Cream ... 
Three Flowers Face Powder...........95€ 29 ‘ 

Violet Sec Cream.............25¢ and 50c In addition to the per- 
Three Flowers Vanishing Cream........50¢ : Pack - sonal enjoyment to be 
eee ey ae ge oe ene ame : derived from serving bev- 
Gardenia Face Powder ......:.....$1.00 : mb erages with White Rock 
Violet Sec Toilet Water ............$1.00 m ~ and Apollinaris, your 


Amend Mal se oe si he : guests will relish them 
7 $1.50 Hot Water P= = immensely. 


MAXWELL HOUS ra Dhrovesnssrens 100, $228. [Ps 
Muscle Oil .....01...s00s0+ $100, $2.28 Bottle — 
: | POPS CHEN ois s kdine nso 660 uae dean Eee 


|: ' Cream Amoretta .......$1.00 $ 
COFFEE Face Powder .........$1.75 1.09 
: “lso of lavtwe lf He PK WE y ee pared my Made of excellent gual- | 
ee eh aE ee ann gtd Siglo aie EF : | ) | re Lotion $1. ity chocolate - cofored 
CHEEK-NEALCOFFEE CQO. 5 Ne , rubber. Full two quart Japeco Pound Paper cecccecccccces sD 
we ‘kN a ‘Pie ‘ : Mae | + : size. Your guarantee Five Points Pound Paper eee ee eeees .39e 


~ = 


POUND 


tm ~ aad ~ 


“is the Japeco label. 


“i Neda . A 


Ae Ge DO ae ee, ae lett ti ttt TO 
heise aide ti oc RO.» 
. “ iat Pe hg i! 


—— 


ese 
ee . 
t Sg Ss ime a ie 
OF) Yas Pe it Piet 
a oR ele 
3 ss 
* 


be aah Be 33 Siig toy «4 je Fate OE 
Mp reas ee TG 9 ae: 
Rese biel ha Eee ergy Peay » oS 
< “| we) At « ~~ % me 2 Sey ae 
14 ¥ i ae J ae ot er Sao 
a i os) en = » yi a 4 7) a 
. : : 
© ra = ge ee gs aoe i, neti aatlte Duar 5 og itn Bic a ; ee Dot e rite 
eS . ue : Br Se G ’ a ad J Do rs Js f ae ss om 
pe ee > 4 s p ae ee . : J Rw | _ 7 4 tse os. vie | 
i ; : f ie s ae 0 ER : ms vty Rg a meh = to £m 
; *f , ; & Aa, ; 
. . “ a : on 
‘ 2 2 S 
. ° ~ 
>. 
: * 


Corner Stone Laid Saturday 


FOR MORE KES 


Building to Be Erected 
Immediately and Manu- 
facturing and Deliveries 
Started April 1. 


Macon, Ga., January 7.—(Special.) 
‘The Macon Chamber of Commerce to- 
day announced that. arrangements 
haye been completed for the creation 


of the Macon Ice company, applica- 
tion for the éharter of the new con- 
cern having been- made in Bibb sv- 
perior court. The incorporators are 
G. ©. Hyde and Dr. E. A. Mead, otf 
<9 rtd er Dr. ar B. Mead, 
ockford, | and Frank M of 
Milwaukee, Wis. A — 

The incorporators announce an in- 
itial -investment of approximately 
$4,000. A building lot has been ob- 
tained, 87 feet frontage on Ocmulgee 
“treet and a depth of 285 feet on 
Kirst street. - 

The construction of the plant will 
be concrete foundation and floors 
with a brick, frame and metal struc- 
ture. The mechanical equipment will 
be of the latest type. The building 
rontract will be let next week ana 
operation of the plant will begin 
April 1. 

The initial capacity of the~ plane 
will be twenty tons/ daily with pro- 
cisions for increasing the output as 
‘he demand requires. The firm will 
yperate on both a wholesale and re- 
‘ail seale and will maintain a city- 
wide delivery system. The person- 
ael of the plant will include two en- 
rineers, six drivers and a complete 
»ytant and office force. 


HARDWICK CALLS 
MANSION LEASING 
_. BOARD MEETING 


Governor Hardwick Saturday is- 
sued a call for a meeting of the gov- 
prnors masion leasing commission to 
be held in the governor's office, Mon- 
dav, January 16, to consider several 
s4Us whieh have been -submitted for 


> Stee 


2 


eyiediges 


Before a gathering of members of | 
the Salvation Army, city officials, min- 
isters, and other spectators, the corner 
stone of the néw Salyation.Army build- 
ing at 271 Luckie street was laid at 3 
‘o’clock Saturday afternoon. Lieuten- 
ant Colonel Joseph -Atkinson, head 
‘of the southern division of the army, 
presided. 

Opening with the singing of 4 mer- 
ica,” the program for the laying of 
the keystone of the new building was 


featured by addresses from Mrs, James | 


L. Key, Dr. A. H. Cochran, mayor pro 
tem; Lieutenant Colonel Atkinson, and 
Staff Captain Ferdinand Braum, who 
will be in charge of the new headquar- 
ters. 

Placed within the copper receptacle 
‘that was sealed im the cormer stone 
were photographs and cards of various 
persons connected with the erection 
of the building; copies of ‘The War 
Cry and the three Atlanta dailies, as 
well as many articles of vaiue. 

Mrs. hey expressed her appreciation 
of the vital need of the army in the 
city and her realization of the work be- 
ing done by it bere. Speaking for the 
city, Dr. Cochran said: 

“Certainly no building could 
erected within the city limits 


be 
that 


. could be a more potent spiritual factor 
in Atlanta than this building. We 
rejoice with you in the laying of this 
corner stone.” 


The program was as follows: 

Song, ‘‘America.”’ 

Scripture reading, Lieutenant-Colonel At- 
kingon. ; 

Prayer, Rev. Dr. J. W. Ham. 

Introductory, Lieutenant-Colonel Atkinson. 

Address, Staff Captain Braum. 

Address, Mrs. James L. Key. 

Depositing of records in stone. 

Address and ceremony, Dr. 

Doxology. 


The new building, a three-story 
structure, will be used for a working 
men’s hotel ‘and industrial home. In 
it are 76 rooms, which will accommo- 
date 110 men. An auditoriug, read- 
ing room, office to be used as head- 
quarters, a laundry and other features 
will be available for the use of the 
Salvation Army when the building is 
completed. 

The industrial home, now across the 
street, will be moved over to a struc- 
ture which will be erected back of the 
new building. Men may earn their 
board and lodging in the home by bal- 
ing paper, mending shoes and by doing 
other work. The building will be open- 
ed formally on Washington’s birthday, 
at which time a four-day convention 
will be held in the city, arawing dele- 
gates from over the south. 


. 


leasing the governors mansion prop- 
erty at Peachtree and Caain streets. 

One written proposal has been sub- 
mitted by J. R. Smith, prominent At- 
lanta real estate dealer, which was 
accompanied by a $5,000 certified 
check. The Massel] Realty company 
submitted a proposal but posted no 
check. A verbal bid was made by W. 
F. Winecoff at a recent meeting of 
the commission. 

Under the terms of the bid of Mr. 
Smith the state will receive an. aver- 
age yearly rental for the property: of 
$25,000 a year for the 50-year term of 
the lease. The bid of the Massel 
Realty company was $25,000-a year 
for 25 years and $30,000 a year for 
the last 25 years. 

All bids will be considered by the 
commission at this meeting. 


The American soldier on the Rhine, 
in Germany, earns $33 a month, which 
through the exchange equals from 
7.500 to 9,000 marks. 


— TO | Aa 


Values— 
Sale Price 


ee gE ~— 


~—< 


| “Bis Value” 
Sweater Sale 


All Woo! and Good Colors and Com- 
binations 


PARKS-CHAMBERS- 
HARDWICK CO. 


$6.7 
$9.0 


UNIV. OF AMERICA 
IS ESTABLISHED 


Continued from First Page. 


nounced later. The campaign will be 
directed by an executive committee 
of five composed of the following: 
Dr. W. J. Mahoney, general chair- 
man; General Nathan B. Forrest, sec- 
retary and treasurer; A. MeD. Wil- 
son, John Ashley Jones and Paul 8. 


“oe 
DR. W. J. MAHONEY. 


Etheridge. ®The exectuive committee 
will be bac %d by a national cam- 
paign committee composd of 300 mem- 
bers being formed in 22 states. The 


oe 


Store.” 


“Big Values’ 


Will Be Our Motto For The Year 1922---For 
We're Going To Offer “Big Values” Through- 
out The Entire Year. And When We Have 
“Big Values” To Offer---As Is Our Purpose 
To Have At All Times---We Are Going To 
Let You Know It Through The Ad Columns 
Of The Daily Papers---So It Will Be To Your 
Interest To Watch For Every Ad Of Ours 
During This Year Of 1922. 


Tomorrow 


By Comparison of the Newest Materials, the Most Up- 
To-Date Styles, the Great Variety From Which to Se- 
lect, You'll Be Convinced of the “Big Values” We're 
Going to Offer You In 


Smart Suits And Overcoats---In Shirts---Un- 
derwear---Pajamas---Neckwear And Hosiery. 


In Hats And Shoes---In Boys’ Clothing And 
Sporting Goods. 


| oe t ’ 
So Remember This As the “Big Value” Store—And 
Profit By Beginning Tomorrow to Make It “Your 


-PARKS-CHAMBERS- 
HARDWICK CO. 


general policy and direction of the 


“a 


} 


es. FF ; 
PHz 2 . esa —e L2kaee 
~ seal ej x “ye an a Shy We . ae ee , " 
. rs re" : oe Se eee 
a . 
» 


Washington, January 7.—-The sen- 
ate judiciary committee, considering 
means of relieving crowded federal 
court dockets through increase in the 
number of judges, virtually agreed to- 
day to sidetrack the house bill pro- 
viding for twenty-one more ju ips 
and substitute the senate pian for 
eighteen additional judges to be 
named at large instead of by circuits 
as proposed in the house measure. 

While the subject as a whole was 
turned over to a subcommittee to 
work out, the committee was said to 
have decided on the policy of provid- 
ing for “floating” judges at large, and 
to have instructed the sub-committee 
so to frame the legislation. It was 
stated by committee members that in 
deciding against the house plan, which 
would assign the judges to particular 
circuits, the committee had sought to 
meet the emergency and to put 
through legislation. which would not 
precipitate extended fights on the 
floor because some circuit may not 
get all the judges its senators or rep- 
resentatives believed were necessary. 

It was said also that the consensus 
of opinion among committee members 
was that the legislation should be 
pressed for passage once it is reported 
to the senate. in view of statements 
of Attorney-General Daugherty and 
Chief Justiee Taft that more judges 
were badly needed. 


campaign will be in charge of a na- 
tional advisory board of 50 members 
covering the entire country. ‘The 
campaign will be nation-wide in scope 
and will be raised by means of 1,000 
subscriptions of $1,000 each. No sub- 
scription will be received for more 
or less than this amount. 
Six Months’ Drive. 

The million-dollar. goal is. tobe 
reached in a minimum of six: months, 
Several $1,000 subseriptions already 
have been received, the first com- 
ing from Denver, Colo., and the sec* 
ond from New York. The building 
program on the permanent and en- 
larged campus will begin in Febru- 
ary. 

“The University of America is to 
be made in fact as well as in name 
a great American university, an in- 
stitution of the broadest educational 
scope, where emphasis will be placed 
on the inculcation of fudamental prin- 
ciples of true Americanism,” the an- 
nouncement reads. “With an initial 
building fund of $1,000,000, the Uni- 
versity of America will be made eyen- 
tually and by rapid and continuous 
development, a leader among the ih- 
stitutions of higher learning through- 
out the country.” 

It is announced that the purpose of 
the board of trustees is, to build as 
rapidly as possible a great univeristy 
faculty composed of men who will 
make it, educationally and intellectu- 
ally, the peer of any faculty of its 
‘size in America. The university will 
be in charge of administration officers 
and a board of trustees composed of 
leading men from Atlanta and other 
sections of the country. The admipis- 
trative head will be Wililam Joseph 
Simmons, imperial wizard of the Ku 
Klux Klan, who will hold the position 
of president. General N. B. Forrest 
will be secretary and general manager, 
and Dr. Edward Carroll James will be 
dean of the academic faculty. 

_Board of Trustees. 

Following is a list of the members 
of the board of trustees: A. MeD 
Wilson, chairman; Frank Hooper 
Paul 8. thet ies J. I. Lowry, H. C. 
Montgomery, riftiam Joseph Sim- 
mons, Rev. Caleb A. Ridley, Dr. Ma- 
rion T. Benson, Dr. Robert L. Bell 
N. B. Forrest, all of Atlanta: Dr. 
John Galen Locke, Denver, Colo: GC. I. 
Harrod, Columbus, Ohio; Dr. Arthur 
T. Abernethy, Asheville, N. C.: Gen- 
eral A. B. Booth, New Orleans, La.: 
Rey, A. D. Ellis, Beaumont, Texas: 

. W. J, ‘Mahoney, Gulfport 
Miss. ; Hon. Thomas’ J. Shirley. 
Raleigh, N. C.; Rev. A. W. Lamar, 
Inverness, F'la.; Dr. Thomas F, Green 
Chatsworth, Ga.; Dr. William E. 
Thompson, Lynchburg, Va. 

Statements were issued Saturday 
by Dr. W. J. Mahoney, ghairman of 
the campaign committee, and General 


Forrest, secretary and general man- 
ager, 


Mahoney’s Statement. 


Following is the statement of Dr. 
Mahoney : . 

“This campaign is to initiate the 
building of what is designed to be 
the foremost university in the United 
States, 
University of America in fact as well 
asin name. The work of organization 
for a nation-wide campaign is under 
way. The various committees are be- 
ing formed and the work will be put 
forward as rapidly as possible. One 
million dollars to Americanize the 
youth of America. This is the first 
call. One thousand Americans who 
will give one thousand dollars each will 
immortalize themselves in the univer- 
sitys ‘roll of fame.’ Several volun- 
tary subscriptions are already in hand. 
Building operations are to begin dur- 
ing the month of February, and we 
expect to be ready for 2.000 students 
by the opening of the fall term.” 

» ollowing is the statement of Gen- 
eral Forrest: 

“In the reorganization of this uni- 
versity, the purpose of its founders is 
to make it an institution of broad 
scope and usefulness. 

“The University of America has sev- 
eral distinctive features, which it pre- 
sents for the consideration of the peo- 
ple of this country. These are: First, 
incnication and practice of the tenets 
of the Christian religion as they are 
accepted by our evangelical denomina- 
tions, without regard to sectarian 
alignments. Second. teaching and ap- 
plication of the principles of purest 
American citizenship, using as a basis 
the constitution of our great national 
commonwealth and the declaration of 
the American independence. 

“These two ideals will stand out 
ir all the instructions in this uni- 
versity. Our American civilization is 
n Christian civilization and the Uni- 
versity of America recognizes and em- 
phasizes this fact in all departments 
and work. It is an American uni- 
versity that will teach true American- 
ism and will stand for and inculcate 


f patriotism of the highest tyy~. 


“The constitution of the United 
States is the grandest production of 
the buman mind, and it is. especially 
fitting that the coming generations be 
taught its principles. 

“It is proposed to make this uni- 
versity a national one that will draw 
its students from every section of the 
United States. While the south and 
every section of the country will re- 
ceive full credit for the part they have 
taken in the building of this school, 
it will be a national school and not a 
sectional one. The name of Sidney 


true sontherner, yet it was deemed ad- 
visable by the board of trustees to se- 
lect a name that will be broader in 
its scope and will represent all sec- 
tions of our common country, hence 
the change from ‘Lanier university,” 
to the ‘University of America.’ 

Plans are under way and a cam- 
paign has been instituted to raise 
several million dollars for the build- 
| ing of the greatest institution in the 
United States. 

“Great interest is being manifest- 
ed in every state in the union and 
students are being enrolled for next 
term. Men of all denominations are , 
responding promptly to this appeal 
for support, realizing that there is a 
vital need today of a real Christian, 


American. university that will make 


ad 


= patriots of our children. 


It is proposed to make it the | 


Lanier is dear to the heart of every | 


* 


ation Board 
Take Seats Monday 


With the seating of three new mem- 
bers and election of W. W. Gaines to 
succeed himself as president, the At- 
lanta board of education will be re- 
organized for the coming year at 4' 
o'clock Monday afternoon. Mrs. Julia 
O’ Keefe Nelson, the first woman elect- 
ed to the board, will take her seat 
as commissioner from the first dis- 
trict. She will succeed W. H. Ter- 
rell. A .C. Meixell will be installed 
as the new member from the third 
district ,succeeding Paul L. Fleming, 
who did not offer for re-election last 
August in the primary. 

J. C. Murphy, appointed by Mayor 
Key as chairman of the school com- 
mittee of council and ex-officio mem- 
ter of the school board, will be the 
other new member. Mr. Murphy suc- 
ceeds Councilman Wakter A. Sims, 
who was relieved as chairman of the 


hg 8 Oe “sr — a veto -. . r .. S + his ¥ bby 
ae ioe *s 2 ees na 3 F re ‘a ; ¢ 
re Re Cte eee ts i a ace Sole ae s 
: ; : , re ie P ¥ 
~~ ene 
, “3 S ee 
es x bY, te . ~S ~ a 
2 ot ee BA od eae . . 
5 - ¥ eg v7 
oa 7% Vlg 2 a. oe ee De: foarte - 
: 3 " Yee Pe é Sai 
; —— . ) 
a > fn ~ ‘ i re - a & 
. : 4 ~ 
‘ 
x ¢ a 
*, “ “ 
. © ' 
e . 7 
2 
3 


school committee and: assigned = as 
chairman of the councilmanic com- 
mittee on freight rates and transpor- 
tation. 

Otber members of the board, all of 
whom served last year, are Mayor Key, 
ex-officio member; Gaines, 
commissioner from the second dis- 
trict: Carl Hutcheson, commissioner 
from the fourth district, and W. Bb. 
McCalley, Jr., commissioner from the 
fifth district. ; 

The annual report of Superintend- 
ent Sutton will be read after the new 
‘board is organized. This will con- 
tain, it is understood, a number of 
recommendations for expansion of the 
system, and will ask more temporary 
school quarters to accommodate the 
inerease.in attendance, pending con- 
struction of new buildings under the 
school bond issue. 


ADMITS HE KILLED 
| PRISONER IN ARMY 
CAMP BY ACCIDENT 


Newcastle, Pa., January 7.—John 


Kiuppa, a railroad brakeman here, to- 
day admitted he had shot and killed 


fied by Edwin Duner before th. senate 
committee investigating charges that 
Americans were hanged without trial. 
In a signed’ statement, Kiuppa de 
clares the shooting was entirely acci- 
dental, however. The statement say# 
that in an altercation with three negro 
prisoners, hé took a rifle from the 
hands of Fitzgerald, when he was on 
sentry duty and forced the prisoners 
to obey. As he was returning the rifle 
to Fitzgerald, he says it exploded, fa- 
tally injuring the private. Kiuppa 
says that Duner was in a detention 
cam 50 feet from the shooting, and 
was not concerned in it. ) 


MARQUIS OKUMA — 
STILL BREATHING | 


Continued from First Page. 


several hours after he had sunk into 
the state of coma. Posthumous honors 
had been bsetowed on the marquis by 
the regent, Prince Hirohito,. in the 
name of the emperor. 

It was recalled that a somewhat 
similar case arose in connection with 
Field Marshal Terauchi, who, like the 
marquis, was officially pronounced 
dead, but regained consciousness a few 
days later. He died soon afterward. 


NO DEATH REPORT 

YET IN WASHINGTON. 
Washington, January 7.—The Japa- 

nese embassy, it was stated tonight, 

has received no official report on the 

death of Marquis Okuma, the last 


Private Fitzgerald in a prison camp} 
outside of Bordeaux, France, as testi-| 


messages received, it is understood. 
telling only of his serious condition. 


Charles A. Sheldon, Jr., city or- 
ganist, will give an organ recital this 
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock. These re- 
eitals are always free and the public 
ia invited. The following attractive 


Omaha, Neb., January 7.—Approxi- 

$10,000,000. will be spent by 

the Union Pacific railroad this year 

on new eqiipment to take care of the 

“inevitable resumption of traffic,” it 
was announced today. 


e 
WALK-OVER 
-Men’s and Women's 
~ Shoes 
Priced Very Low for Our’ 
January Sale 


sic™and es S = 6. oe All Sizes and 
Leathers $ / : Ne =” $ a : SS 5 All Leathers 


Every shoe—standard Walk-Over quality from 
our regular stock, and at these prices a big sav- 
ing. Many men and women will buy two or 
three pairs. 


Al 
All 


When you buy Walk-Over shoes you know 
what you are getting—forty-seven years of 
quality-building.. ~ 


aro wt 
— we 


@Matk-Over Shoe Store 


35 Mhitehall St. 


«é 
: 


ment. 


operation. 


In these flexible Selden units, there is a truck 
' for every individual transportation require- 


Selden representatives and Selden branch 
managers are equipped to analyze your haul- 


age problem, to advise you which unit is 


best fitted to your needs, also on the cost of 


SELDEN TRUGK CORPORATION, R 


¢ 
‘ 
Ted 
>, 
pw 
’ 


i Trucks 


New Prices Effective January 3, 1922 


Unit No. 30 
Unit No. 
Unit No. 
Unit.No. 
Unit No. 


Unit No. 


Capacity 142 to 2% Tons 
Capacity 2% to 3% Tons 
Capacity 3% to 5 Tons . 
Capacity 5 to 7 Tons 


Motorbus Chassis . . 


(Capacity, 18 Passengers Seated) 
Motorbus i ; 
(Capacity, 30 Passengers Seated) 


$2250 
3250 
3750 
4950 
3350 


4350 


Let a Selden transportation engineer go into 
your situation with you and recommend the 
proper Selden unit to fit your case. It will 
save you corisiderable money. 

If your transportation costs are too high, 
perhaps we can show you the way to reduce 
them substantially. 


WRITE for a copy of the magazine ‘‘ TRUCK 
TRANSPORTATION * 


2 


Selden Service Company 


322 Peachtree Street, Atlanta 


DIRECT FACTORY BRANCH OF 


a 


o Prd 4 3 
‘ay a | 


> 
. 
; “ " 
- 
. " 
° : 6 
° ‘ > . & 
. . 
| : 
* ' 
nn” . ‘3 : . 


ee Oe eee 


ee ee te MO A Pm 


*, 


nal _—'' a 


Soot 
ant ig Rl 


| GHANGES OPPOSED 


Senator Harris Receives 
Telegram From Atlanta 
Wholesale Grocers Pro- 
testifig Against Revision. 


BY JAMES A. HOLLOMON. 
Constitution Bureau. 

Raleigh Hotel. 
Washington, January 7.—{By Con- 
stitution Leased Wire.)—A fight in 
congress to prevent modifieation of 
the so-called ‘packers’ decree” in the 
District of Columbia supreme court 
has begun. On the floor of the sen- 
ate, Senator William J. Harris this 
week called attention to the efforts 
of a California co-operative canners’ 
association to get a modification which 
now prevents the big packers from 


entering unrelated lines of business, 
such as tBe sale of groceries. 
, Today, Senator Harris received the 
following telegram from the Atlanta 
Wholesale Grocers, through H. Y. Me- 
Cord, Jr., as secretary, and the Geor- 
gta Wholesale Grocers’ association, 
through Secretary James A. Metcalf: 
“Assumption as voiced in public 
prints by Oregon senator (Stanfield) 
that packers consent decree is respon- 
sible for adverse conditions confrent- 
mg western canners is wholly without 
foundation. Such conditions are only 
parallel to those which have prevailed 
in all other lines of business through- 
out the country. We are strongly op- 
posed to modification of this consent 
decree through which packers have 
been restrained from monopolizing 
certain lines of food supply. It is un- 
deniable that packers do at present ab- 
solutely control meat market and that 
present margins of price and profit 
between live stock on the hoof and 
dressed meats as leaving their hands 
are grossly unfair and wholly indefen- 
sible. If by modification this consent 
decree packers are permitted to re- 
«ume business in general grocery lines 
it will result in creation of most gi- 
antic monopoly in history vitally af- 
‘ecting general sources of food supply. 


We urge that you strongly oppose } 
to | 
con- | 


this decree 
‘themselves 


any modification of 
which the packers 
sented.” 

Senator Harris is actively opposing 
iny modificaion of the decree, 
‘hrough his connection with the inves- 
‘igation of the packers while a member 
{ the federal trade commission he 
has followed the course of develop- 
ment of regulations and laws to han- 
lle the hig meat packers. 

The fight before the department of 
‘ustice and in the courts is being led 
yy the Southern Wholesale Grocers’ 
issociation through its attorneys, Ed? 


rar Watkins, of Atlanta, and former | 


l'nited States Senator Hoke Smith. 


Mr. Watkins said Saturday night 
‘hat he will go to Washington next 
Muesday to appear at a hearine Wed- 
esday before Attorney-General 
Maugherty and submit. argument 
igainst a modification of the decree. 

As attorney for the Southern 
‘Vholesale Grocers’ association. Mr. 
Watkins recently filed an intervention 
n the courts of the District of Co- 
‘umbia. The question of the decree is 
iw pending before the attorney-gen- 
rral, before the District of Columbia 
supreme court, and is’ the subject of 
lehate in congress, with the agricul- 
‘ural bloc opposing any modification. 


Faces Third Trial 
On Murder Charge 
In Two Years Time 


Orangeburg. S. C., January 7.—For 
he third time in less than two years 
‘arlos Corbett is to face trial here 
Vonday on a charge of murder. 


| 
Corbett killed three men and blinded | : 
'less some extraordinary 


« fourth in March, 1920, when the 
‘our stopped an automobile in front of 
is home in the western part of 
rrongeburg county, according to the 
state. - The men killed were Brvan 
salley, Julian Cooper and Hugh Fan- 
vin, while Jones Salley lost his eye- 
‘ight. 

Corbett is to be tried Monday 
harged with the murder of Fannin. 
Te was acquitted of the: murder of 
Nrvan Salley after the first trial on 
hat charge had been halted by a 
uccessful motion to quash the venire. 
ind later when: the state soucht to 
ry him on a charge of the murder 
{ Cooper. a plea of former jeopardy 
vas entered and that ease now is 
vending hefore the United States su- 
irreme court. 
ett have heen hotly contested with a 
arge array of counsel on both sides. 


"| Moose 


in Atlan 


< £ 


Rally to Succor 
Of Brother Andy 


Loyal Order Will Intercede 
With Sidney Smith to Post- 
pone Nuptials. 


It is one of the ruling passions of 
the members of the Loyal Order of 
Moose, that aid shall promptly be 
rendered to a brother in need. — 

Andy Gump is a Moose, or at least 
Sidney Smith, the creator of Andy, is 
a Moore, and that makes Andy a 
Moose by adoption, and Andy has an 
uncle named Uncle Bim, who is there- 
fore a Moose once more removed. 
Anyhow, Uncle Bim is in.a terrible 


ande 


The cases against Cor- l 
lenty-five times as thick as that of the 


fix. being about to be married out of 
hand by a designing widow woman. 
Accordingly, Atlanta Lodge No. 18, 
the Leyal Order of Moose, has 
that Brother Andrew 
Gump shall not go unaided ‘in his 
extremity. “Upon the request of a 
large number of the members of fhe 
Atlanta lodge, who have followed the 
fortunes of the Gump family in The 
Constitution daily, Dictator John Gil- 
more called a special meeting of the 
Moose Saturday night to consider 
means whereby fraternal aid might 
be extended in the dire plight of 
Brother Andy Gump and his wife, 
Minerva. 

Secretary M. D. Gleason declares 
that the pathetic appeals of this 
distressed brother, who is now sup- 
planted in the love and affection of 
"'ncle Bim by the Widow Zander have 
played upon the heart-strings of the 
members of the local Moose; that, ac- 
cording to the Eighteenth amendment, 
“one for all and all for one.” we must 
do something for this brother. a life- 
long and worthy “brother Moose.” 


Will Draft Resolutions. 


Appointment of a committee of 
loyal brethren to draft suitable reso- 
lutions to be forwarded to Brother 
Smith, of the Greater Chicago lodge, 
urging him to use his best influence 
with Uncle Bim to postpone his mar- 
riage, was urged by Brother E. L. 
Quinn. 

The motion by Brother Quinn was 
ably seconded by loyal Brothers P. J. 
McQuire and C, W. McClure. John 
Gilmore, the dictator, then announced 
that the motion was open for discus- 
sion by the assembled brethren. Talks 
urging that the motion urging aid to 
Brother Andy were thereupon made 
by Brothers Dr. J. C. Oakshette, H. 
M. Dorsey, George Lowman, 8S. B. 
Turman, Knox Thomas, W. W. Crox- 
ton, Pierce K. Burns, L. A. Trow- 
bridge and Vincent Chenala. 

Past Dictator Sam Sibley, of the 
Marietta Lodge, stated that as the 
Moose is founded upon the’ golden 
rule, it was, the solemn duty of the 
order to extend aid to Brother An- 
drew, as he understood the tenets of 
the Moose. and that the faithful 
should not be laggard in this duty. 

As there was no further discussion 
upon the matter, the Gictator appoint- 
ed the committee, with full power to 
act, as follows: Dr. John H. Powell, 
Viictor Kriegshaber, Tom Pitts, Ivan 
Allen, J. Clayton Burke, E. Harry 
Goodhardt, Frank Weldon, Dr. J. W. 
White, R. M. Savini and Carl N. 
Guess. 

Maccabees Use Influence. 

And such is the widespread anxiety 
upon this nationwide crisis aroused 
by the charms of the widow, that the 
minutes of Liberty tent, No. 38, 
Knights of the Maccabees, bear rec. 
ord that at the meeting of the tent 
Friday night, following discussion of 
other grave matters, a committee was 


of 
determined 


,; appointed by Commander John W. 


Morgan to intercede with Sidney 
Smith on behalf of Min and Andv. 

The committee. composed of State 
Commander C. W. Gray, Past State 
Commander M. D. *#ieason and Past 
Commander C. D. Guilliams, drafted 
the following resolution, duly in- 
scribed in the authorized record of 
the meeting: 

“Whereas, it has come to the no- 
tice of Liberty tent, No. 38, of the 
Maccabees, herein assembled. that un- 
efforts are 

of Unele 
Zander 
over 


put forth by the friends 
Andy and Min, the Widow 
will surely marry Uncle Bim 
ther united efforts and protests. 

“Therefore, be it resolved. That we 
netition Sidney Smith to postpose in- 
definitely this marriage. 

“And further, be it resolved. That 
a copv of these resolutions be for- 
warded to Sidney Smith2’ 


Silver-fox skins were recently sold 
in London for §$1.250 apiece. 


The Nile is almost as long as the 
Mississippi and Missouri rivers com- 
bined. 


The skin of the human palm is sev- 


evelid. 


tal 


FARM BOARD HEAD 


Georgian Is Re-Elected 
Chairman National Board | 
of Farm Organizations 
at Annual Meeting. 


BY JAMES A. HOLLOMON, 
: ‘ . Constitution Bureau, 
Raleigh Hotel. 
Washington, January 7.—(By Con- 
stitution Leased Wire.)—C. 8S. Bar- 
rett, of Georgia, who was today re- 
elected chairman of the national board 


of farm organizations, at the annual 
meeting in Washington, said today 
that the board was in a flourishing 
condition and that reports from all 
the member organizations indicate 
that the big self-help farmer organi- 
zation is doing splendid work for ag- 
riculture in all its branches. 

Indications are that the influence 
of the natiopal board is wholesome 
and constructive. Mr. Barrett said 
the organizations connected with i 
are increasing im membership and 
power and that through them the 
farmers are able to get recognition, 
which in the absence of collective ef- 
fort would be impossible. 

“[ did not want to assume the bur- 
dens and labor incident to leadership 
of the national board of farm or- 
ganizations,” said Mr. Barrett, “but 
my associates seemed to think I was 
the man for the job so I took it 
again. The farmers through the or- 
ganizations which compose the na- 
tional board find a ready means of 
reaching congress and the adminis- 
tration. Every agricultural interest 
is represented by us in Washington, 
and through us they are able to get 
into immediate touch with officials of 
the government.” 

To Attend Conference. 


Mr. Barrett has been invited by 
Secretary of Agriculture Henry Wal- 
lace, to attend the forthcoming agri- 
cultural conference as a delegate. He 
will represent the National Farmers’ 


union and the National Board of 


Farm Organizations. It is believed 
that the Georgian will represent more 
actual farmers than any other dele- 
gate that will participate in the con- 
ference. He will represent every ag- 
ricultural state in the union. 

The national board is prepared to 
do its part toward muking the con- 
ference a success and will do every- 
thing possible to co-operate with any- 
body who is able to offer or suggest 
a forward-looking program. Mr. Bar- 
rett declared that the farmer union 
and national board delegates would 
unite in an effort to make the con- 
ference productive of real results, if 
such a thing is possible. 

Scope Broadened. 


It was pointed out at the farmers’ 
temple today that the conference was 
suggested as early as last April by 
the Georgian. President Harding was 
then stronghy urged to make pro- 
vision for the gathering, but having 
in mind the conference on limitation 
of armaments, the conference on un- 
employment and other matters, he de- 
ferred action. 

Through the efforts of the Georgian 
and his associates on the national 
board the original scope and purpose 
of the conference have been broad- 
ened. The secretary of agriculture 
said today that every farm organiza- 
tion in the country would be repre- 
sented. If this policy is carried out 
in spirit and practice every shade of 
agricultural opinion will find expres- 
sisn at the conference. This Mr. 
Barrett thinks is as it should be, 
because it is only through intercom- 
munication of ideas that real con- 
clusions can be reached. 


REPUBLICANS LOSE, 
DEMOCRATS GAIN, 
IN NEW YORK CITY 


New York, January 7.—Republican 
enrollment at the last election in New 
York city dropped almost 200,000 be- 
low the 1920 total, while the demo- 
erats increased from’'531,167 to 668.,- 
S36 in that period, said a report to 
the board of elections, The republic- 
an enrollment was 643,630 in 1920 
and 451,443 last ‘year. 

Women were proportionately great- 
est in the prohibition party, under 
whose banner 1.358 of them enrolled 
with 1,158 males. Socialists had 12,- 
728 females and 18,758 males: demo- 
crats 217.421 women and 446,415 men. 
and republicans 172,762 women and 
278.681 men. 

More than 110.000 voters declined 
to declare party allegiance, about two- 
thirds of these being men. 


Phone and Mail Orders 


Promptly Filled 


Te 


Atlanta's Only Store for Completely 


Clearance Continues 


Outfitting Boys Exclusively 


Expert Hair Cutting 
for Boys and Girls 


oP 
f 


For This Week. We Are Featuring 


71.25 Madras Blouses 


These Blouses are of a well-known and popular brand. They are 
all new and fresh—just received. Beautiful patterns—tfast colors. 


All-Wool Two-Pants 
Knicker Suits 
$13.50 Values, at *8.65 


“89. 


YOU NEVER PAY MORE at— 


Hays "A ecéptance 
Of Movie Offer 


Harrison, of Mississippi, Im-. 
plies Offer Is Really At- 
tempt to Buy Influence. 


Washington, January 7.—Protest- | 
ing against acceptance by Postmaster- 
General Hays of the tendered position 
as head of the motion picture indus- 
try, Senator Harrison, democrat, Mis- 
sissippi, declared in, the senate late 
today that if the motion. picture pro- 
ducers “get the biggest politician in 


‘a cabinet méeni- | fica 


 @ 82 eq to that reputec 
to have ee tcoteend Mr. Hays, to 


direct its policies, and he accepted 
it, “not only would he be condemned, 
but the administration to which he 
belonged would also be condemned.” 
Senator Harrison referred in condem- 
natory terms to the offer which 
Judges Landis accepted from organ- 
ized baseball, and asked: 


Asks Reasons for Choice. 

“Why is Mr. Hays selected by the 
motion. picture industry to accept a 
fabuloys salary? What is the pur- 
pose of making this tender? Is it be- 
cause he is close to the powers that 
be? Is it because he controls four 
or five hundred thousand postoffices 
throughout the country and the mails? 
Is it because he has the ear of the 
president of the United States and sits 
in the circles of the administration? 
Is it because he#helped to elect the 
house of representatives whose duty 
it is to frame tax laws and tariff 


the republican party to head that in- 
dustry, we must look upon it with 
suspicion.” 

Stating that he had no.doubt Mr. 
Hays would-accept the offer and re- 


tire from the cabinet, Senator Harri-*° 


son said he-was “fearful” that if the’ 
former republican national chairman 
“becomes the head of the motion pic- 
ture industry, he will place a ‘censor- 
ship upon some democratic pictures. 
that should be shown,” 

After describing the size of the 
motion picture business, and its in- 
fluence and freedom from politics up 
to this time, the Mississippi senator 


measures? Is it because he played 
such a large part in the election of 
senators who control the policy of 
the administration in this body?” 
Senator Harrison, speaking at times 
facetiously, said he could not imazine 
that the industry sought Mr. Hays as 
a star to show with Mary Pickford, 
Douglas Fairbanks and “Fatty” Ar- 
buckle. . 

<“They have chosen him because they 
think he can do the work,” he con- 
tinned, “Is it because of any excep- 
tional ability which he has shown 
as postmaster-general?. Is it because 


declared that should the. United States’ 


he can elevate the morals of the in- 
dustry? No, these are not the quali- 


tn 


general than to any other cabinet offi- 
cer. He came into prominence because 
he was a great organizer and a politi- 
cian. 
_ Many Issues Pending. 

“Many questions come up in the sen- 
ate and the house that affect the. mo- 
tion picture industry,” the senator 


it which had been proposed, as well as 
to items in the tariff bill now pending 
which might be of importance to it. 

“I do not know whether they think 
that through his closeness to certain 
senators here, or because of his attach- 
ment to the president that he can work 
wonders in the new tariff bill or, the 
supplemental tax bill that will be pre- 
sented,” the senator declared. 

Senator Sutherland, republican, 
West Virginia, suggested that former 
/'Treasury Secretary William G. Me- 
Adoo had accepted an offer from the 
same industry. Senator Harrison re- 
joined that the nature of the employ- 
ment was different, in that Mr. Me- 
Adoo represented three or four stars 
and not the whole industry, and had 
accepted the tender after he severed his 
official connection with the cabinet. 


Sees False Step. : 

“TI believe the motion picture peopl 
are making a false step,” the senator 
continued. “When they get the big- 
gest politician in the republican purty 
to head that industry we must look 
upon it with suspicion. I know the 
attractiveness of this man. I know he 


is smart and is‘a good organizer. AS 
one who desires to have the industry 


Vem (ae acd: oe ; 
Ser Se eh see, SP Pe ~ Ra 
; i. © = me é 


stated, as he referred to the tax upon) 


am sorry. te iy 
come into the 
ber who was an of the republi- 
can national committee. The industry 
is hurting itself when it stirs up poli- 
tics like that.” 


| 


MORTUARY 


_. Joe Higginbothan, 

Joe Higginbothan, 12-year-old son 
of Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Higginbothan, 
diel Thursday at the residence, 311 
Spring street, Decatur, from pneu- 
monia. Interment was held at Green- 
wood cemeiery, East Lake, Friday aft- 
ernoon, The child is survived by three 
sisters; Francis, Marion and Nelcie, 
and three brothers, Sterling, James 
end Howard. Turner & Everett were 
in charge. 


C. M. Raines. , 


C.°M. Raines, of 9- Piedmont lot, 
died at the resid-mce Saturday. He is 
survived by his father and mother, 
Mr. and Mrs W. H. Raines: three 
brothers, Tom J., Forman and Straud 
Raines, and three sisters, Mrs. C. M. 
Simmons,’Miss Ida Raines and Miss 
Emma Raines. A. C. Hemperley in 
charge. 


Miss Kate . Haynes. 


Miss Kate Haynes, of 65 East 
Ellis street, died Friday at the resi- 
dence. She is survived by a brother, 
W. H. Haynes. and two sisters, 


oy . _s 


sae — 
pay = eS Se 5 — Pay 
: et, tion n z ae 
. RRA ae aa.” S ai 
yg " ‘ ; Pete te a ee Pepi ne ith Cages 
Irene : 4 , 2 Ae ‘ 
: ' ™ “ " 
8 og ee 
ony ; ~ 
es 


Walter Glenn Robinson. 


Walter Glenn Robinson, 2 1-2-year- 
old son of Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Robin- 
son, of Toccoa, died Friday in a pri- 
vate hospital H. M. Patterson & 
Son in charge. 


Mrs. R. M. Walker. 


_ Mrs. R. M. Walker, formerly of 
Atlanta, died Friday at her residence 
in Miami, Fla.- She is survived by 
her husband; two sisters, Mrs. Esther 
Gordon and Mrs. Philip Soudan, and 
a brother, Herbert E. Martin, of Chi- 
cago. Harry G. Poole in charge. 


CONDEMNED TO DIE 
IN ELECTRIC CHAIR 


Jackson, Ky., January T7.—William 
Penn Watts today was condemned to 
die in the electric chair by a jury try- 
ing him ‘as a member of the band 
which, on December 10, attacked the 
Breathitt county jail and killed Miss 
Maggie Allen, daughter of the jailer, 
and Oscar Roberts, the jailer’s 
nephew. 

_ Tom Porter was sentenced to 'ife 
imprisonment last week for his part 
in the crime. : 

Several more of the band still are 
to be tried. 


Julius Caesar was the first ruler to 
style himself an emperor. 


Steel corporation come to Washington 


ae 


> 


>. 


_ 


ee 


> 


- 
a 


> 


- 
- 


oS 


>> 


Uitte 


ATTN ANG 


isi; 


, \ \ 


di dead de fs 
OVP 


| 
. 
. 
By, =~ 


\ 


[ ee, See oe SS 


' 


: Min ot! 


ok 


LMA 


| 
| 


—— 


i 
Ie 


+ 


My 


Ne ALE 


CG 


, . av 


VAP VAS 


Mt 


Bae 
lll 
AW 


. 
b 


UX 


ied Bk 
: \ 
maith 

' _ 

en 


f 
} 


Mi hy 


af, 


| 


. @haetata* Sh) 
ene 


* 


cla 


mh 


; 
i 


Ph 


ae Je 


+ 


Lo | 


ATT, (Fri 
find 


. 
, 


4 
/- 


AU 


hh 


/ 


‘ 
‘ ‘ 
‘ 
7 


z MV ff GW! ; 


ii 


Fe: 


-% 
(die 


_ 


: i 
~~ +> 
SP 


oa 
~ 


y 
MW 
\ 
i 
¢ 
¢ 
$ 
’ 
: 
, 
' 


XI 


\ 


SL aN 


Hh 


— 
Sa 


= 


¢ 
f 
! 


ah 
ah 
¢ 
: 
u 


KA 


4am a @ 


§ 


¢ 
¢ 


¢ 


a 
~ 
“ST Ahade Ot 
~ - 
oe 4 — 
; yl ad 


WN 


x it 


fi 


¢ 
9 
’ 
i 
¢ 


Fe sii 
WM tte. 


ake LA “of 


a 


lamon 
CORD TIRE 


I.DP ODDO ooo ooo oe eo oe eo oe ee re ae em ae ce 8 


~ 
‘ 
“— 


A NEW YEAR 


AND 


rele 
i 


Tess 
Ui fe 
My) 
we 


{ ‘ 


aa 3 


és 
—* 


GOV ag +. 


4 


A NEW TI 


Greet the newest mem- 
ber of a great tire family— 
the new Diamond Cord! 


Greet it with the radiant op- 
timism you have for the new} 


year. 


P, 


: 


A handsomer Diamond—the| 
climax of a twenty-nine years’ 
old experience in building qual- 
ity, service and economy in tires. 


With tread qualities unique in: 
tire history. Providing protec- 


tion against every manner of 


skid. With a tractor-like road 


grip. 


Maintaining in durability the 
high standard of quality which 
has characterized Diamond 


Tires for years! The sum total - 


of our experience, ideas, ideals 


and principles. 


The first showing of this 


tire is now being made through- © 


great 


out the country by Diamond 
distributors and dealers. 


THE DIAMOND RUBBER COMPANY, INc. 
AKRON, OHIO 


BROWN TIRE CO. 


Free Road Service a e. BROWN, Prop. Open 64.m. to 9p.m.| 


. Daily and Sunday 


VULCANIZING 


145 IVY STREET 


Distributors 


PHONE IVY 5386 


e VOL. LIV., No. 210. 


® 


~ 


a 


oc™~ 


-_ 


4 


fl 


~~ 
- 
. 


¥ 
’ 


\ 


Vd 


> 


® 


=. 


- 


a 


© 


i 
-& 


‘+ - 


“© 


se 


°% 


+ 


~ 
’ 


‘ 


®, 


“ 


o 


c= 


e- 


7 . 


_—— 


_ 


© ~ 


e~ 


- 


PO) te be ea ot a 


— 


‘2 


_ ATLANTA, GA., SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 8, 1922. 


- 


BOE OOO ROO RO ee RO te es et BO 


os 


~*~ 


~ 


Longcloth 


‘VR ral 
w 


eZ 


Reduced, --- 


| 

oe) 
—~) 
© 
= 
c 
oO 


—3.25 value. 
—4.00 value. 


Dimity 
Spreads, --- 


—(63x90-in. 
—72x90-in. 
—§1x90-in. 


—~ 


—70x80-in. 
—72x84-in. 
—76x88-in, 
—72x84-in. 


coe 


“—78x88-in. 


—1775 value. 
—2.00 value. 
—2.50 value. 


—51x90-in., 
scalloped . 


Crochet 
Spreads, --- 


.1.39 
. 1.69 
. 1.98 
2.19 
. 2.48 
. 2.98 


Nainsook 


Reduced, --- 


—2.00 value. .1.39 
—2.25 value. .1.69- 
— 3.25 value. .2.98 
—4.50 value. .3.98 


1.98 
. -219 
. 2.48 


. . 2.89 


. 1.39 


. . 1.69 
. .219 
. 2.39 
. 2.48 


s. 7 


Bath 
Towels, --- 


—18x36-in. ...23¢ 
—19x38-in. ...33c 
—20x40-in. ...59¢ 
—22x44-in. ...43c 
—22x44-in. ...69¢ 


™, 


ina 


Vw 


* 


RO 


Mad 


- 
: 


' 
» ' x . 
« 
by , _ © 
= 


J. M. CO. aaa 


‘ 


a : k : 
acta a ‘ w% - . . # 5 # 
Sita - Dc RR ix ¢ A 
3 Toe eS ee “ LE it Oe a ok ate 2 
ies ae TE me eR ee Pe ee Oe us ; 
dash Ce eos ve. oe ae a ae * a xe 
pe 74 


ee ee ee ee a ee ee 


Embracing Thousands 


' am 
: 


High: 


Jan 


* * * K 


7 


---Stands Pre-eutinent—-A Sale in a Class to Itself 


and Thousands of Dollars 


Worth of Muslin Underwear, Household Linens, 
Etc.—At the Most Important Savings You’ve Shared, in Years 


* * ** * % 


---Women Will Be Especially Interested 
In These Two Give-Away Groups of 


Philippine Underthings 
.65 Teddys, ‘he 


2.50 to 
4.50 Values 
—A Clearance of Odd lots, sample pieces, together with a Special pur- 
chase of fresh, New garments. One and two ofa kind and style, grouped 
under prices that make them Wonderful valués;' A Real Opportunity 
for those women who appreciate the Exquisite and Dainty in 


underthings.~ 2 A eas sped 
The Teddies--- 


The Gowns--- 
—Regulation and step-in styles, tai- 


—Choice styles, moderately plain or 
- élaborately embroidered. Some show- lored or moderately fancily embroider- 
ed, scalloped, and _  lace-trimmed. 


ing cut-out designs. Some scalloped, 
some with lace-trimmed edges. Val- Many pleasing styles. All sizes. Ex- 
treme values. 


ues every one. , 


Gowns, 
6.50 to 
12.45 Values 


New Step-in Drawers, 98c 


~—These are of a sheer, pretty pineapple tissue in flesh color only. Spler- 
didiy made, perfect fitting in all regular sizes. Elastic-banded, neatly 
trimmed with dainty laces. 


—Splendid values at 98c each. 


Dainty Crepe Gowns, 1.39 


—Of a windsor crepe, soft and sheer, that does not require ironing after 
washing. Splendidly made, long-wearing garments that will render many 
times their cost, in. service. Plain tailored, slip-over styles. In flesh, and 


lavender. 


Se 


Household Linens 


In the January White Sale at 


EXTREME SAVINGS | 


—Affording Pertinent Savings Opportunities to every householder the Atlanta 
District. Featuring the best of Standard brands, in perfect qualities, at prices ’way 
less than normal values. Anticipate future needs. 


Sheets Greatly Underpriced 


—81x90-inch White Star Seamless 
SS. ick bh phe ce eb a es 1.39 
—81x90-inch Howard Seamless 


—63x90-inch White Star Seamless 
CONS tii o ks 6% 0 t 4b vic c Ok OREO 1.19 
—72x90-inch Sterling Seamed 


| 


CCC CRO ROR ORO J. M. HIGH CO. JOR SCN0R0 CROOK CRO RU 


Sheets 
—72x90-inch 
Sheets 
—72x90-inch 
Sheets 
72x90-inch 
Sheets 
—72x90-inch Pontiac Seamless 
UNE ba os ted: ee and dhe oe 1.09 
—72x90-inch Elmdale Seamless 
NE ase de 6k we eX sad > cae 1.19 
—72x90-inch White Star Seamless 
LL kd a hes he owe bbe eS 1.29 
—72x90-inch Mohawk Seamless 
ks aie ae 1.46 
—72x99-inch Avon Seamless 
IIs. cn 0d 6g, pha we a aie 1.75 
—81x90-inch Pontiac Seamless 
RS nn Pitic Wee W600 ete Cea wes 1.29 


Pillow Cases Reduced 


—42x36-inch Garden City Pillow 
Cases, each 25c 
—42x36-inch 
Special, each 27 
—42x36-inch Marvel Pillow Cases, 
Special, each 29¢ 
—42x36-inch 


Sunflower. seamed 


each 35c 
—42x36-inch Ansonia Pillow Cases. 
Special, each 
—42x36-inch Pillow Cases, 


*eneeeeeeeeee @e ewe ee#ee fee 


Irwin 


# 
: : < 
} , 2 Pa Fy ae 4 oe lanl . cw he 
hae bs Xi * we spe page ee 3 oh. edhe} Re ae ae 
2 aes * | Taha eee! Le eS ee ae PS abe OF El re Bee ee NG 
cs wi “Fe, tae’ Gee V CBS es 6 a i > cary — oe . 


Sheets 
—§1x90-inch 
Sheets 
—81x90-inch 
Sheets 1.49 
—81x90-inch Avon Seamless 
SGN iss nv dieke 00 6 BERK cn tk 1.73 
—81ix¥0-inch Lrwin Seamless 
GS retiia sw ing's's 66 ohh eb babe 1.59 
—$1x99-inch Wearwell Seamless 
Dee Ss 2s 50 ab oe Bas oes cane 1.63 
—1x99-inch Seamless 
kk chasis dk hk beaks 0 ee 1.89 
—81x90-inch Selected Yarn Seamless 
SOR Sc co on kb wh awe b% wed ae 1.89 
—90x90-inch Pepperell Seamless 
Sheets 1.6 
—90x90-inch . Mohawk 

Se ees. oe eek és 1.75 


Bed Spreads at Savings 


—72x90-inch Scalloped Marseilles 
Sahin Sowenhs ois oct sccadaci 5.98 
—82x94-inch Scalloped Marseilles 
Satin Spreads 

—88x94-inch hemmed Marseilles 
SAID SPVEAGS 2 nc cncesccacdves 7. 
—88x98-inch Scalloped Marseilles 
SG BOONES  . cicccnccuedesda 7.98 
—82x94-inch Scalloped Marseilles 
Sate WOCOGEs 6 ob osc ewORi ev os 4.98 
—78x88-inch Scalloped Marseilles 
Satin Spreads ... ? 
—82x94-inch Hemmed Marseilles 
Satin Spreads 


Seamless 


‘sé 4 antl cm, ae . f 
“rhe te ee by ew) pers eat Ee See 5 td 
See EE cS Oe Pees *) es 
ae xe - ? >» ad re 


48/2.50 Blankets, . . 1.79 


4.50 ' per pair. 


---Women’s Batiste 


Teddys, 39c 


—Of batistes an nainsooks. Cami- 
sole, and buikthup tops. Tailored, 
or prettily lace.trimmed. Whiie 
and flesh. Values at 39c. 


* 4 a 


Gowns, 48c 


—Plain tailored, slip-on styles of 
naipsooks and batiste in white and 
flesh. Practical sorts at a Give- 
away price. 


a 


Teddys, 69c 


—You have paid 1.00 many times 
for the same qualities. Plain, with 
ribbon straps, or lace and embroid- 
ery trimmed tops. All regular 
sizes. 


* * “ 


Gowns, 89c' 


—Tailored styles of longceloth and. 
nainsook. Some perfectly plain, 
others embroidery-trimmed, still 
others prettily hemstitched. Low- 
neck, short-sleeve styles. 


*K * 7% * 


Bloomers,48c 


—Practical sorts. Well made of 
good quality~batiste in flesh-color 
only. Lace-trimmed. Elastic bands 
at waist and knees. All regular 
sizes. 


* ™ * ” 


Drawers, 48c 


—Well made, full cut, perfect fit- 
ting in all regular sizes. Open 
styles. Of heavy cambric muslin. 
Neatly embroidery trimmed. Ex- 
ceptionally Good values at 48c. 


---Soiled Wool 
Blankets, 


8.95 to 16.50 Values, 


tsi 


—Just 35 pairs. 


—Plain white and pretty plaids in || 


wanted colorings. 


—Odds and ends left from regular || 


stock lines. 
—Reduced for clearance because we 


have but one and two pairs left-of a : 


kind and they are Soiled. 
—Standard sizes, 
Perfect in weave and Finish. 

—Incomparable Bargains at 7.48. 


s|4.50 Blankets, . . 2.98) 


—While 25 pairs last. 


—Good quality, wool-finished Cotton 
Blankets that many folks prefer to 
the all-wool. 

—In pretty paids showing combina- 
tions of the most wanted colors. Per- 
fect in every way. 

—66x80-inch size. Bargains. 


—60x76inch Cotton Blankets in plain 
grey, tan, and white, Stitch-bound 
ends. Medium heavy weight. Fine 
for added comfort for use on sleep- 
ing porches. 


e 2@: ec es 


--.New and Exquisite Qualities in 


Gowns and Teddys, 
7-39-98 9.25 


—Fresh, New, Specially bought numbers that will appeal to 
the most discriminating women. Dainty, moderately fancy, and 
elaborate styles to suit most all tastes. Of sheer nainsooks, 
batistes, and lingerie in white and flesh. Lace, embroidery, and 
ribbon-trimmed. 


$1.5€.Yuslin Gowns, 98c 


—Unusual values. High-neck, —V-neck, and —Low-neck styles; 
—Sleeveless, with elbow, or long sleeves. Gowns to suit most 
every taste and requirement. Tailored, semi-tailored, and elab- 
oratelvy trimmed with laces, embroideries, and ribbons. . 


Bargains _ 
Unordinary--- 


—Specially selected Items offered at Prices 
Vastly lower than the same items in like qual- 


ities will be quoted at by other stores—for 
two hours Only. 


On Sale Beginning 9 A. M. Monday 


—No phone nor c. 0. d. orders; mail orders filled 
while lots last. Quantities limited in every case. 


1.39 Lonseileilé: . . 98c 


—10-vard bolts. Splendid, quality for the 
making of underwear, children’s clothes, 
ete. Perfect in every way. Limit 1 bolt to 
each customer. 


bd 


Cortland Slinets,;:. 


—81x90-inch size, perfect in every way. Of 
heavyweight, soft finished sheeting, free 
from starch or dressing. Limit 6 to each 
customer. 


oe: oes 


Bleached Domestic, . . 1lc 


Fine for 


—Yard wide, perfect quality. 
Limit 10 


scores of practical home uses. 


Splenid qualities. | | 


—Perfect qualities. Values at $1.79 


yards to each customer. 


Checks, .. 14c 


19c Pajama 
—Yard- wide, medium heavy weight, soft 
finished. Fine checked. Splendid for the 
making of underthings and children’s 


clothes. Limit 10 yards. 
ea 


Child’s 2c Drawers, . . 7c 


—2 to 12-year sizes, well made of good cam- 
bric muslins, with tucked and hemstitched 
bottoms. Button-holed waist bands. Limit 


4 pairs to each customer. 
7K ws * * % 


Outing Flannels, . . . . 8c 


—Medium weight, perfect quality. Fine for the 
making of night robes, etc. Choice stripe patterns 
in wanted colorings. Limit 20 yards to each cus- 
tomer... 


ss saed Eo edhe re . . 
? lik <- Bat ag Ree 3 
< 7 Pe Ne 


eo : ‘ 


un ae te vaste 


— 


; Pa nD OS ar a SD “Titiititriittitittititt ets et 


iv Sees 
oh ae 
ieee 
> ve 2 
pee 
ea. ox 
tk 
se 
. « PIES 
, ad 


ae 
ae 


> pote 7 
bd em. } : 


eee es > — oe ‘ ; 
a —— APO ae at cok ¥ 4 
: Two “ oe 
, ~ 

ein mal y 

5 B # re ‘* ’ P24 > 
A J ~ 

fine 2 


_ Noted Expert Declares 
Jack Lacking Ambition 
That Brought His Title 


or Pay the Penalty | CYCLING HAD. 
7 Ce 


Cycle racing, especially in the east, 
enjoyed a very prosperéus year in 
1921. Tracks operating at Newark, 
N. J.; Revere Beach, Mass.; Provi- 
dence, R. 1.; Philadelphia; Worces- 
ter, Mass., and New Bedford, Mass., 
the last two being built during the 
year, report good crowds and profit- 
able seasons. Last winter:a track 
was built at Miami, Fla., and ran 
from January 23 to February 27. 
This year another course has been 
constructed at Jacksonville, Fla., and 
ran for a few weeks. ‘The Jackson- 
ville track is pow closed, 

The Miami track was reopened on 
Sunday, December 18, and will run 
until late in February or March. The 
two Florida tracks, known as the 
“erocodile circuit,” will be operated 
annually in the winter, A track was 
opened in Los Angeles, Cal., but had 
a short life. 

Four national titles were decided 
in America during the past season. In 
the professional sprint division Frank, 


| Champ Must Watch “Soft Living”’ 


‘It Might Be Years Before Dempsey Is Knock- 
ed Out, But He Must Look Better or Peril 
Is Great. : 


iy BY ROBERT EDOGREN. 

Where will the man come from who is to beat Jack Dempsey? 
That question has been without an answer since Dempsey knocked: 
out Willard at Toledo, and today there is little chance of solving the 

' puzzle. 

One of the greatest heavyweight champions we ever had. Dempsey 

stands absolutely alone. There isn’t a rival in sight. Yet one of these 


COLO TIME CHAMPIONS. 
THEY HAD PLENTY oF TIME" 


a “ 
H 
To LEARN HOW To FIGUT. ow MARY TIMeS WouLD 


CORPRATIER. WAVE HIT Me 
On THE JAW AT TOLEDO >* 


ASKS DEmpsey.” 


days some youngster will shoot up to the front rank in the heavy- 


weight class and challenge Dempsey’s right to hold the title. 
never was a champion yet who couldn’t be knocked out, and there 


never will be a man so good that 
his place. 


There 


a better may not come up to take 


Dempsey’s rise to the championship was one of the most sensa- 
tional in all the long history of the ring. He is the only champion 


we ever had who developed his fighting powers in short fights. 


of the others fought to a finish, or in battles scheduled from forty- 


five down to twenty rounds, and th 


Jeff's 
Long Ones. 

Jeffries fought twenty rounds with 
Ruhlin and Choynski, twenty-five 
rounds with Sharkey, knocked UCor- 
bett out in twenty-three rounds, and 
took eleven rounds to win the world’s 
championship from Fitzsimmons. 

Fitzsimmons was much like Demp- 


sey, as he usually won quickly, and 
had many fights that ended in the 
first or second round. His longest 
fights were twenty rounds, winning 
the decision from George Gardner tor 
the light henvyweight title, and the 
fourteen rounds in which he knocked 
out Jim Corbett at Carson for the 
heavyweight championsbip. 

Corbet fought twenty-seven rounds 
with Joe Choynski, sixty-one with 
Peter Jackson, and took twenty-one 
rounds to beat old John L. Sullivan. 
Sullivan himself, reputed to be a ter- 
rific slugger, won most of his battles 
in the third round, but fought thirty- 
nine rounds (London prize ring rules) 
with Charlie Mitchell in France, and 
seventy-five rounds with Jake Kilrain 
in Mississippi. 

Many of Jack Johnson's fights went 
long distances. He fought twenty 
rounds with Klondike, Pete Everett, 
George Gardner, Hank Griffin, Den- 
ver Ed Martin, Sam McVey, Marvin 
Hart and Frank Moran, winning some 
of these and losing others. Many 
went fifteen. In fact Johnson usu- 
ally won or lost on the referee's de- 
cision. 

Tommy Burns won many fights 


quickly, but went twenty rounds with 
Dave Barry, Jack Twin Sullivan, 
Hiugo Kelly, Marvin Hart, and Jack 
U'Brien—most of these twice. 


Dempsey 
A Whirlwind. 


Jess Willard went twenty rounds 
with Gunboat Smith, took twenty-six 
‘ounds to knock out Johnson for the | 
‘hampionship, and boxed many ten- 
‘ound no-decision bouts that went the 
imit. 

Compared with these the perform- 
snces of Jack Dempsey were startling. 
In his first year or so of fighting he 
x0xed one twenty-round bout, with 
Andy Malloy, and won six fights in 
he first round. 
ime Dempsey was ever in the ring 
wenty rounds. His second longest 
‘izht, in all his career, was when he 
cnocked out Bill Brennan in twelve 
‘ounds in Madison Square Garden. 

Dempsey has won twenty-five fights 
n the first round, six of these in 
(915-16, two in 1917, twelve in 1915, 
unl five in 1919. 

Among the dangerous heavyweights 
ve knocked out in a round were Jim 
“lynn, Battling Johnson, Al Norton, 
‘harlie Miiler, Arthur Pelky, Porky 
Sivnn and Fred Fulton. 

He knocked Champion Jess Willard 
jown seven times in the first round, | 
andl «really knocked him out then, 
Willard being on the floor at the end 
f the round, saved by the calling of 
ime, dragged to his corner, and saved 
icain by au accident to the bell which 
mve him about a minute of extra 
ime which enabled bim to recover 


‘ round, 


That was the only! 


eir fights often went to a decision. 


SOLUTION OF 
STYMIE RULE 


H. Strawn, of Chicago, former presi 
dent, will present at the annual meet. 


said here today, a plan of Donald J. 

s8, which Mr. Strawn considers will 
be an excellent solution of ths stymie 
probelm. 

‘The solution of the problem,” said 
Mr. Ross, “which I have arrived at 
after making practical tests in which 
experts, as well as average amateurs. 
have taken pert, is to include the deci- 
sion when the stymie is in effect from 
the 6 inches between ball and ball (the 
St. Andrews rule, formerly used in the 
United States), to 2 feet between the 
nearer ball and the hole, and 2 feet be- 
tween ball and ball. 

“The most serious objection to the 
stymie is that it occasionally brings 
about an impossible shot in golf. 
the 2-foot rule were in effect, it would 
eliminate the imposible shots, for 
when the nearer ball is at least 2 feet 
from the cup, and the stymied ball at 
least 2 feet from the nearer ball, it is 
always possible to negotiate a stymie by 
pitening over the nearer ball or coming 
around it.”’ 


BOXING COMMISSION 
TO STOP HANDSHAKING 


The New York boxing commission 
will soon make a rule prohibiting 
handshaking during the course of a 
regardless of whether it is 
offered as apology for a near foul. 
The new rule was deemed neces- 
sary after a performance a short time 
ago when “Pepper” Martin, boxing 
Johnny Dwyer, put out his hand to 
shake and then crossed over and floor- 
ed Dwyer when the latter dropped 
his guard to respond. Martin was 
roundly hissed for his action, and 
if formal complaint is lodged against 
him he may be suspended for the 
unsportsmanlike move. Martin ar- 
gues he was entitled to pull the stunt 
as Dwyer should have had sense 
enough to know he had no reason to 
expect a handclasp at that particular 
fime, 


_——— 


— 


—~-. -- 


I think of that fight we were a pair 
of bums. I had to train hard for 
two months for a fight 1 knew 1 could 
win. For the first time in my life 
training was a grind. I hated it. I 
had to do it, but it made me weary. 


was a job. 

“How many times would Carpen- 
tier have hit me on the jaw at ‘Yole- 
do? And how maiuy times did he bit 
me at Jersey City? That’s the an- 
swer. I was strong and I could take 
it, of course, but I felt as if L was 
fighting like an old woman. If Car- 
pentier had been a Jess Willard that 
day I'd have been up against it. Now 
you know what I think about myself. 

“In the old days when I could fight 
every week I was always in shape 


md come up again. 
From his start in the ring, in 1910,+ 

o last July 2, when he beat Car-) 

ywntier, Dempsey has been a marvel | 

nnong heavyweight boxers. 

Is Dempsey 

Slipping? 

In my opinion Dempsey has passed | 
he height of his career. and trom now 
m will siip back slowly until he 
’neets the man who will eventually 
cat him and take the championship. 
3ut it is likely to be years before that 
iaippens. 

Dempsey takes better care of him- 
elf than any other heavyweight cham- 
yion in history. He trains conscien- 
iously, and neyer cuts out training 
mtirely even when there isn't a mat 
n sight. He likes to do a certain 
mount of gymnasium and road work, 
md to keep in shape. He eats mod- 
ratcly, never drinks any liquor at 
dl. never smokes, thinks more ef bis 
nother and family than of anything 
‘Ise in the world, and prefers work to 
dleness. 

In spite of all ghese excellent quali- 
ies Dempsey is Slipping back. And 
or only one reason. He can’t get 
natches to keep him interested in the 
‘ing and to keep his eye sharp and 
iis hitting judgment keen. 

I talked this over with Dempsey 
‘evently. 

“What did you think of me in the 
Brennan fight? ‘asked Jack. 
“Why—you weren't up to form,” I 
said. 

“Huh!” snorted Dempsey. “Form! 
( didnt’ have any such thing! 

“If I had been the way I was at 
Feledo, or when I fought Fulton and 
vas full of ambition, Brennan 
vouldn’t have gone much past the 
‘irst round. The troubie was that my 
imbition was dull. I had the title 
ind only had te hang on to it. I had 
»thing to work for. I trained for 
‘tye match three or four times, and it 
vas postponed. I got sick of training 
ind didnt’ care. 

“In the ring with Brennan I was 
iust slugging and being slugged, with 
20 pep—no drive. I had to drag my- 
elf instead of having to hold myself 
sack. I bad to work hard to finish 
iim. ¥ was a bum. if you want to 
cnow what I think. What did you 
‘ink of the Carpentier fight? 
“Great fight.’ I sai. “You didn’t 
save the Toledo spirit, but you: had 


‘training grind. 


nd strength and skill.” 
“a had: nathing,” said . Dempsey. 


and I loved fighting. It was sport 
every time I got into a ring. I only 
needed a couple of days’ training, be- 
cause I was always fit: Now my 
fights are so far apart I forget all 
about the fun of it. I have to take 
off weight. I have to go through a 
And by the time the 
fight dates comes along-I’m tired of 
the whole show. 


Too Much 
Success 


low will come along; just the way I 
did,” said Dempsey, “and then per- 
haps I'll have my turn being hit on 
the chin. No man is too good to be 
licked. When I feel that I’m up 
against it the old ambition is going 
to rise up in me and you'll see a fight 
while it lasts. 

“But if some good youngster gets 
me I'm going to be the first to con- 
gratulate bim. J don’t know, but IU'll 
thank him, because when that hap- 
pens I can get away from all this 
stage stuff and showing off and being 
held up by all kinds of fakers who 
think up ways to sue me and try to 
grab my mouey. I'll have a chance 
to get farm—an orange grove—and 
settle down and live quietly with my 
folks, like other people. Gee! That’lJ 
be the life.” 

As long as Dempsey feels that way 
about it there's little doubt the high 
spot in his career lies behind. If 
some great fighfer came up, ambition 
might stir in him again, and he might 
prepare and fight with the old eager 
spirit. But even then he won't be 
starting from the perfect condition he 
had when getting ready for Toledo, 
and he may not reach the same mag- 
nificent fighting form. 

s to where Dempsey’s rival is 
coming from, that’s hard to say. Box- 
ing has developed in the navy until 
some great fightere are being turned 
out on every battleship. Good men 
may be developed in the clubs around 
the country. But heavyweight bat- 
tles are not so much in demand in 
the present day of short houts. Little 
men give more action. Few big fel- 
lows appear even in the best arenas. 
The public cares less for heavy hit- 
ting and more for speed and skill. 

Tt isn’t at all impossible that Demp- 
sey may bave to retire, eventually, an 
unbeaten champion. and purely for 
lack of an opponent good enough to 
give him. a real battle. Jeffries was 
in that fix after knocking ont Jack 
Munroe, and history repeats itself in 
the ring as wéll as anywhere else. 


(Copyright, 1922. Ps The Constite-| 


te 


Most | 


“The ONLY THNG 
THAT CAN BEAT 


1S SOFT LIVING. 


Pinehurst, N. C., January 7.—Silas; 


oa 
74 
! 


ing of the United States Golf asso; 
ciation at Chicago Jannary 14, it was! 


It wasn’t fun to fight Carpentier—it | 


are 
} . - <>< . 

- clubs, making a total of 533, consider- 
“Some day some husky young fel- | 


DEMPSEY AS HE 1S Topny 


Ps petite 


Versatile Athletes in Local Schools 


BY ABE NISSENBAUM 


FlakeLaird Gets 3 Letters atU.S.B. 


Athletics gained more and more 
prestige in prep circles during the 
past year. As evidence of this fact 
we can look at the number of all 
round athletes in the league during 
the past year and compare the num- 
ber with the number in former_years. 


At Tech Hi we find Noland Rich- 
ardson as the only man at that in- 
stitution who partook in all major 
syorts. Richardson has the honor 
which seldom falls.to an athlete, that 
ot being captain of an athletic team 
in every branch of sport. 

He was captain of the football and 
baseball teams during the past year 
and is captain of the basketball team 


for the coming season. Richardson is 


one of the best athletes ever turned 
out by Tech Hi or any other Atlanta 
high school. 


U. S. B. Leads. 


Of all the schools in the city prep 
league, U. S. B. leads the field in the 
number of all round athletes. 

“Flake” Laird, all-prep fullback 
on the football team, all-prep forward 
on the basketball quintet and first 
baseman on the baseball nine, takes 
his place as the outstanding athlete: at 
that institution. 

“Rush” Freeman, another student 
of U. S. B., also participated in all 
forms of sport. A backfield man on 
the gridiron, guard on the basketball 
team and an outfielder on the base- 
ball nine, Freeman takes his place 
among the outstanding youths of the 
year. And another word about Free- 


the 14th street institution and before 
he will finish his career at the said 
place, he is due to burn up this old 
league. 

Tom Angley, now atU.S. B.,; but 
formerly of Fulton Hi, also takes in 
all branches of athletics. Just what 
he will do this year is not known, but 
he was the very backbone of every 
Fulton Hi team last year. 

If Tete Boswell will. make the 
basketball team this year, which in all 
probability he will do, then he will 
also join the ranks of Richardson, 


| Laird, Freeman and Angley. 


King at &. M. A. 

At G. M. A. there is only one man 
who can be termed an all round ath- 
lete and he sure fulfills that term. 
The man of whom we speak is King. 
An endon the football eleven, all-prep 
center on the basketball five, first 
baseman on the busepall team and a 
member of the swimming team, King 
is undoubtedly the greatest athlete 
turned out by G. M. A.,and he is not 
turned out yet. He has two more 
years to play in the league. 

If Slate and Palmer will make the 
baseball team at Boys’ Hi, then both 
of the aforementioned can be called 
all round athletes. 

Another youth at Boys’ Hi who has 
a chance to become an all round ath- 
lete is. “Kid” Roan@, a brother of the 
famous “Babe” now at Georgia Tech 
and formerly of Boys’ Hi. “Kid” has 
played on the basket and baseball 
teams of the school and hasn’t playe* 
football on account of parental ob- 


man: This is only his second year at ! jections. 


Golf Made StridesDuringPastY ear 


BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. 
American Professionals to invade 


Chicago, January 7.—With the dove 
of peace looming large the world over, 
it seems fitting that the new year 
should find its reflection in sporting 
circles and this is no more apparent 
than in golf. A year ago because of a 
tendency toward friction between the 


east and the’ middle west it looked 
for a time as though the threatened 
break might at last occur, but the dif- 
ficulties were overcome without seri- 
ous rupture. Now with the annual 
meeting of the United States Golf as- 
sociation to be held in Chicago Jan- 
uary 14, approaching, there is no such 
feeling of unrest; so far as is known 
at present no vital question has to be 
thrashed out. 

The exectitive committee’s report at 
the annual meeting will show there 
now 204 active and 332 allied 


ably in excess of any previous figures 
in the association's total. A year ago 
the total was 476. Clubs now are 
also in closer touch with affairs than 
general, due in a measure to the 
widening of the scope of the executive 
committee, which includes practically 
all the important subsidiary golf 
bodies in the country. The monthly 
Green Section Bulletin, issued by the 
parent organization, is being more 
widely circulated all the time and is 
proving of invaluable aid to clubs. 
No Speech-making, 

Because of the fact that courses for 
championships are now selected in 
advance of the meeting the approach- 
ing session will lack the customary 
speech-making on the part of dele 
gates extolling the merits of this or 
that club seeking one of the titular 
events. The 1922 championship dis- 
tribution is equitable, the amateur go- 
ing to the Country club, Brookline, 
Mass.; the open to the Skokie Golf 
club, near Chicago, and the women’s 
to the Greenbrier Country club, White 
sulphur Springs, W. Va. 

With the exception of the open, to 
begin on July 11, the championship 
play will be confined to the autumn, 
the amateur and women’s events both 
being carded for September. Were it 
not @r the international prospect the 
chances are a mid-summer date for the 
open would have been avoided. Even 
this early it looks as if several of 
America’s leading professionals will 
vo across for the British open at 
Sandwich, and it is also understood 
that at least two of the foreign stars 
will come this way. Consequently a 
July date fs the earliest that could be 
chosen in this country, and still give 
the players from the other side a 
chance to compete. 

Provided the elegibility list can be 
nared sufficiently the problem of 
handling an unwieldy field at the 
amateur tournament will be solved. As 
it is now, if all players whose names 
appear on the list were to present 
themselves at the championship the 
field would swarm with more than 300 


mittee hopes to do eventually is to 
reduce the list of eligibles to 125 or 
150. Then it would be possible . to 
have the qualification test of 36 holes 
on Monday, select the best 32 and 
finish out with 36-hole matches with 
the final Saturday. 

The ticket as presented by the nomi- 
nating committee jis representative, 
J. Frederick Byers, of Allegheny, 
heading the list as president. The 
ticket reads as follows: 

President, J. Frederick Byers, Alle- 
gheny; vice presidents, Robert A. 
Gardner, Onwentsia, and Wynant D. 
Vanderpool, Morris county; secretary, 
Cornelius S. Lee, of Tuxedo; tfeas- 
urer, Edward S. Moore, of the Na- 
tional links. 

Executive committee, Roger D. 
Lapham, San Francisco Golf and 
Country club; John R. Lemist, Den- 
ver; James D. Standish, Jr., Loch- 
moor; Allan D. Wilson, of Merion; 
Thomas B. Paine, Atlanta; Azariah 
T. Buffington, Fall River; Albert L. 
Locke, Brae Burn, and Bonner Mil- 
ler, St. Louis Amateur Athletic as 
sociation. 


“PUTTING THE. 
NEXT GNE 
OVE”. 

WITH"BUGS'DAER | 


Ripe Old Wreckage. 

Wreck of Hesperus is new Christ- 
mas toy compared with New York L 
trains. L rolling stock is like old 
home week in junk yard. 


Interborough pulled off flatwheeled 
frolic for dividend grabbers last Fri- 
day. Bight cars were smashed into 
sanitary toothpicks. Passengers were 
— like bureau casters on moving 
ay. 


Interborough gave us L on earth. 
Don’t scoff at system. We should 
have respect for old age. 


Elevated was built on stilts to keep 
cows from falling to sleep on tracks, 
and New Yorkers from falling to 
sleep in apartments. It rattles like 
false teeth in malaria time. By at- 
taching an egg beater to an L pillar 
it is possible to get cake icing in 
about two minutes. Ride on L is 
vibratory massage at five cents per 
habit. 


-Company is very frugal. It loses 
nothing but passengers. Medical 
prescription after daily wreck is stick- 
ing plaster and glue. Plaster for 
victims and glue for cars. 


Every time cars start to fall apart 
they get fresh coat of paint. L serv- 
ice should be one week to 
solve big New York puzzle. 


x. ‘, 
-’ 


DRAFT PRICE 


IS AMENDED 


Chicago, January 7.—Major league 
baseball leaders, meeting here today 
with Judge K. M. Landis, basebail 
commissioner, decided to amend the 
major-minor draft agreement so that 
$7,000 instead of $5,000 will be the 
price for dratting a player from the 
class AA leagues. This agreement, ac- 
cording to Ban Johnson, American 
league head, and John Heydler, who 
represented the National league, will 
be the last concession of the majors to 
induce the minors to accept the draft. 

The major league chiefs consented 
to the increase in price only after an 
all-day meeting, the most of which 
was taken up by John Conway Toole, 
president of the International league, 
and President Hickey, of the Ameri- 
can association, in explaining why 
their circuits have objected to the 
major leagues selecting one player 
annually from each club. 

At the suggestion of Judge Landis, 
the amendment to the draft is to be so 
worded that either major league can 
withdraw prior to January 1, 1923. 
This was the only condition on which 
President Johnson and President. Hey- 
dler would agree to the change. Both 
Hickey and Toole expressed a belief 
that the raise might satisfy their re- 
spective club owners, but the matter 
will have to be put before these 
men and also before the major league 
er before it can be put into ef- 

ect, 


Was Not Enough. ; 

At a recent meeting of the Ameri- 
can association the draft question was 
turned down, principally because-one 
of the owners thought $5,000 was not 
enough for a player. For this rea- 
son it was predicted tonight that the 
amendment. will be satisfactory to the 
association. ‘The international may 
be willing to follow the lead of the 
American assocition, baseball obsérv- 
ers said, but little is known regard- 
ing the attitude of the Pacific Coast 
league. 

No statement was made at the close 
of today’s meeting regarding the pro- 
posal recently submitted to Judge 
Landis by Al Tearney, president of 
the Western and Three-Eye leagues, 
the only other circuits not within the 
scope of the draft. ‘Tearney present- 
ed proposals which he said would stop 
the “farming out’ of drafted players 
by the majors. 

Minor league leaders said that the 
higher price would make the majors 
less anxious to draft players indis- 
criminately. In returning a. drafted 
man only half the draft price will be 
paid back, as in the original agree- 
ment. 

The new arrangement, if accepted, 
it was stated, will include the feature 
agreed to by the advisory council in 
New York to the effect that when 
players are turned back by the ma- 
jors, they must be offered first to 
class AA leagues and so on until 
they are accepted. This will insure 
the player of being in company fit- 
ting his ability. 

Leslie O’Connor, secretary to Judge 
Landis, said tonight that President 
Johnson and President Heydler were 
both opposed to the higher price, but 
had agreed to give it a year’s trial to 
determine how it will-operate. 


ALABAMA IS 


EASY WINNER 


Tuscaloosa, Ala., January ¢.—(Spe 
cial.) —The University of Alabama bas 
keteers tookoff a good victory in a 
fast, snappy. game with the aggregation 
from Birmingham Athletic club here 
tonight by the score of 37 to 17. The 
Crimsens were in the lead throughout 
the game, but the score was always 


certain. 

The first half of the game was marked 
by unusually smooth and systematic 
team work on the part of both teams. 
On the offensive the Crimsons swept 
the ball into their own territory and 
usually made the goal ‘good, while on 
the defensive they rushed the B. A. C. 
boys so hard and guarded so closely 
that few chances were given for secor- 
ing ‘counters. The Birmingham squad 
started the second half off with a rush 
and, for a while, were dangerously 


, threatening, but the Crimsons fought 


fiercely and kept the score board safe 
ly in their favor. | 


WASH. AND JEFF. TEAM 
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO 
San Weisdhaba: January 7.—The 


football squad of Washington and Jef- 
ferson college which played a score- 


jless tie with the University of Cali- 


fornia team at Pasadena, January 2, 
left here today. Coach Neale said 


| to 


‘he would like to bring his team back 
this year for another 


“he 


close enough to keep the outcome un-| 


| 


C Ey : : TRAINING 


oe 
VSO ETIER. 
” GRIND e 


1 


Soldier Fighters Are Out Gunning 


BY WESTBROOK PEGLER 


ThreeAboutReady for J.Dempsey 


New York, January 7.—About once} trial horses, but honest trade with 


a year Jack Dempsey may figure on| the best of the 
having an opponent built up to his| probably will get it. 


size by Tex Rickard or some other 
promoter, until some frisky upstart 
plunks him on. the point of least re- 
sistance. Dempsey, out of ‘serious 
work since last July, may go to 
Europe before the winter is over to 
pick up some exhibition money and 
possibly to join the brotherhood of 
those who have knocked out Joe Beck- 
ett, who, for all his slumbers, re- 
mains the heavyweight champion of 
Great Britain. 

Meantime Rickard will be sifting 
the heavyweights in New York to find 
the strongest with the ultimate pur- 
pose of pitching that one into the ring 
with the man-killer at Boyle’s thirty 
acres, Jersey City, next summer. The 
arena still stands, somewhat weath- 
erbeaten now, and even if Rickard 
has lost some of his sway with the 
politicians of the yonder shore, Tex 
in the past has shown a’* facility for 
smoothing over such difficulties one 
way or another when they stood in the 
way of his big show. . 

The Big Ones. 

The three big heavyweights of the 
A. E. F., Bob Martin, Captain Bob 
Roper and Gene Tunney, the marine, 
are out soliciting trouble. They have 
been brought along gradually and 
cautiously for more than two years, 
ubsorbing some hard knocks with their 
experience; and now they are ready to 
win or lose on what they hold in their 
mitts. 

Bob Martin, who was _ severely 
bumped and humiliated some time’ 
ago in Baltimore by Far Keiser, a 
middleweight and punching bag, was 
looking for action with Dempsey a 
couple of weeks back, but he is out 
of the game temporarily, severely in- 
jured in a. motor accident. 

Bob Roper has thrown off the 
wraps and wants no more truck with 


heavyweights and 
Roper has a 


good record in his fifty-four profes- 
sional fights. Gene Tunney, the 
marine, also is through being schooled 
with novices and third-raters and re- 
quests the attention of heavies and 
light-heavies. Gene, ‘himself, is a 
light-heavy. He used to suffer from 
brittleness of the knuckles, but there 
was nothing fragile about the right 
hand smack which he laid against 
Eddie O’Hare’s chin for a knockout 
here a couple of weeks back. 


Fulton Still Around. 


Fred Fulton is expected back in 
town to join the scramble of the 
heavies, and Bill Brennan, the only 
man who ever went twelve rounds 
with Dempsey’ since Jack got his 
start, may be pried away from his 
fireside to collect some of the money. 
Bartley Madden and Marty Burke are 
others who may be given a chance in 
the elimination. Burke, the New 
Orleans string bean, is a notorious in- 
and-outer, who fights his best in his 
own home town and his worst in New 
York, but a game youth and not a bad 
boxer. 

Harry Wills, the negro giant, has 
some local friends who have been try- 
ing to build him up to a fight with 
Dempsey here, but the agitation 
hasn’t aroused much excitement. Al- 
though Wills is reputed to be the 
best of the black heavies, Kid Nor- 
folk holds a belt for that class and, 
both being hard up for good matches, 
they can be induced to get together 
again in the tourney. 

And then, when they’re all gone 
over, and the best has been identified, 
that man will be the candidate for 
the opposite corner dnd the loser’s fat 
purse when the good old summer time 
rolls around again and Dempsey re- 


ports for his annual few minutes of | 


work as champion of the world. 


“ . 
“> 
oe 
—) 


is the right sort of baseball player. 
the gameness, the coolness, the clear thinking which makes him a 


great ball player. 


This youth is bred right, he has 


Incidentally, he is a descendant pf Winfield Scott, 


hero of the Mexican war, and he is a great boy. 
If ball players would follow the ways of Everett Scott and of 
George Burns there never wouid be any scandals in baseball and 


we would have the old sport back as it was in the old days. 


Both 


these boys are more the type of the old timer than of the new school, 
which has come to think of money first and sport second, 

Scott made one of the nicest stands in Boston the other day of 
anything in baseball history. He simply said that he hated to leave 
Boston, because he had been well treated, had made many friends, 
but that he would give all he had in him to the Yankees, and that 


he was glad he would ‘be among old friends on the Yankees. 


Just 


the sort of a statement a clean, square boy would make. 
Georgie Burns, thrown out of the Giants after years of faithful and 


loyal service, instead of rebelling, took the sa 
leaving his old friends and admirers, but i 


attitude. He regretted 
eGraw thought it best 


for the team, he was willing to go and give his best to his new team. 


The contrast of these fellows, real 
stars and real ball players, with the 
conduct of money made and grasping 
players, demanding part of the pur- 
chase price, is a welcome relief in 
baseball. 

There is this much to be said in 
such deals. In the majority of cases 
such as these, a transfer to a new 
club, to new surroundings and new 
fellow players, spurs the veterans to 
fresh effort. I seldom have known it 
to fail. For it is entirely natural 
that ball players, as well as workers 
in any other line, shall fall into a 
rut and while they believe they are 
playing as well as ever, they are_not. 
The change to a new team speeds 
them up and refreshes them through 
reviving interest. 

More than that, the friends that 
make a city dear to a ball player very 
frequently are the chief causes of his 
slump. Social obligations and ap- 
pointments take the mind away from 
the real work. Perhaps you have ob- 
served that the fighting, rather friend- 
less kind of player lasts longer and 
rays better ball than does the one 
who is extremely popular. In faet, 
popularity is one of the quickest ways 
of ending the career of a player un- 
less he dodges personal acquaintance- 
ship. More men are ruined by their 
friends than by their enemies anyway. 
FOOTBALL 
CONDITIONS. 

I have a copy of the “Vermont 
Alumni Weekly” which has a perti- 
nent comment on the conditions in 
football. The editorial concerns all. 
the colleges, large and small. It 
te.ches upon a condition which few 
realize. It says: 

“The manager of one of the impor- 
tant eastern universities, who arrived 
in this city today to patch up some 
tangled ends of the 1922 _ football 
schedule, complains of difficulties en- 
countered in tanking desirable 
colleges for games. The main trouble, 


r & a” és 7 ’ — * § 7 a “4 ted 


| 


he said, is money. The little fellows 


are demanding too much. Perhaps 
they are; perhaps they are not. Deci- 
sion in the matter would seem to de- 
pend upon the point of view one takes. 
The preliminary games of important 
university elevens have in the past 
few years been patronized by ever-in- 
creasing crowds. ‘Throngs of from 
20,000 to 30,000 have not been at all 
unusual at the Yale bowl and Har- 
vard stadium in October and early 
November of this year. The attrac- 
tions of course has been the strength 
and color of preliminary opponents. 
No one knows these days when the 
big fellow may be called upon to play 
Goliath to the little collegé’s David. 
Thus, bumper crowds, thrills, gate re- 
ceipts. 

“Consider, for instance: The strong 
and picturesque University of Ver- 
mont team came to the Yale bowl this 
season and gave the Elis a rattling 
hard game. The Green Mountain out- 
fit left Burlington on the basis of a 
guarantee and expenses for twenty 
men. Jt was not an impressive guar- 
antee. Yet the contest was patronized 
by more than 20,000 enthusiasts. Ver- 
mont had reason to believe that fext 
season, were she to come to the bowl 
she would draw even a greater crowd 
and that in justice she should receive 
something more than a small guar- 
antee. This, it is said, was the cause 
of the failure of Yale and Vermont 
to agree to play at the bowl next sea- 
son. Whether this is so or not, the 
fact remains that the small collece 
authorities are beginning to take the 
stand that they should receive some- 
thing more than honor and hard 
knocks. when they assist in the pres- 
entation of a Roman spectacle in a 
big university center.” 


TROUBLE WITH 


} 2% -mile 


L. Kramer, East Orange, N. J., was 
declared ‘the winner. Kramer and 
Ray Eaton, Newark, champion in 
1919, finished up a series of twelve 
races in a tie. Haton refused to ride 
off the tie and Kramer, was declared 
the winner after a “walkover.” Wil- 
lie Spencer, Newark, and ‘Keggie Mc- 
Namara, Newark, won the ten and 
middle-distance titles, re- 
spectively. 
Bobby Walthour, Jr. 

Bobby Walthour, Jr., Newark, son 
of the former paced champion of 
America and former world’s title hold- 
er at that style of racing, captured the 
amateur sprint championship m a 
series of six races. George Chapman, 
Newark, paced champion in 1920, re- 
peated again in 1921. ‘The Amateur 
Bicycle League of America, an organ- 
ization recently formed, conducted a 
series of races to decide the road 
championship of America. The finals 
were decided at Washington, D. Gs 
and Arthur Nieminsky, of Jersey City, 
and a member of the Unione Sportiva 
Italiana of New York, was returned 


During the past twelve months tbe 
Cycle Trades of America supplied 
prizes for 430 road and track races 
for amateurs. 

In 1921 four six-day races were run 
in this country, two in Chicago and 
two in New York. ‘The first Chicago 
race ended January 22 and Eddie 
Madden and Jake Magin, Newarkers, 
won with 2,279.8 miles to their credif. 
The second race in Chicago ended 
April 9 and the same team won, rid- 
ing 2,182.7 miles. ‘Che first six-day 
race in New York finished on March 
12 and Oscar Egg, Swiss, and Deter 
Van Kempen, Holland, won with 
2 314 2-3 miles to their credit. Alfred 
Goullet, America, and Maurice Broc- 
co, France, won the second New York 
event, which ended December 10, cov- 
ering 2,563.6 miles. 

Few Records Fell. 

A few records fell by the boards 
during the past year, On July & at 
Washington, D. ©., August Nogara 
established a new amateur road rec- 
ord. for 100 miles unpaced in 4 hours 
and 52 minutes. In five hours No- 
gara covered 102 1-2 miles. A. E. 
Wahl, a Buffalo, N. Y., amateur, 
bettered the old amateur road record 


at Buffalo, Wahl doing 45:22. 
August 31 at the Newark Velodrom 


tralian, bettered the old mark for 2 
miles human paced, Grenda doing 
51:18 2-5. 
ords were broken during the running 
of the Amateur Bicyele League of 
America road championships. At 


miles unpaced 


RI 3:22. 


ed the old mark for a _ half-mile 
competition by doing 1:15. 


at Copenhagen, Denmark, 
skops, Holland, won the professional 
sprint title; Brask Andersen, Den- 
mark, the amateur sprint event, and 
Victor Linart. Belgium, the 
sional paced championship. 


TECH HIGH SCHOOLS 
MAY MEET ON GRID 


Tech High school, of Atlanta: Tech 


Tech High school, of Chicago, may 
meet on the gridiron in 1922, if plans 
now under way are completed. The 
games will be played in either Atlanta, 
Memphis or Chicago. 


schools are highly in favor of the 
movement, and ar® going to do all in 
their power to make the move.a suc- 
cess, 


Memphis Vech High school, is spon- 
soring the movement, and has suggest - 
that the three schools arrange a de- 
bate on some subject to be held at the 


will each have two teams in the citv 
and the school winning two out of 
three debates will be declared the win- 
ner. 


=> ———_- 


sional sports has been directly trace- 
able to selfish desire of the big fe 

lows to “hog the ring,” to take all 
the profits. The cry against New 
York and Chicago in baseball, against 
the Madison Square garden in boxing, 
against Jack Curley in wrestling, has 
not been due to any charge that they 


they want it ajJl. Consider the foot 
ball situation from the same angle. 
The big colleges with large seating ca- 
pacities, and with large cities nearby, 
refuse to play away from home. They 


be played on the home grounds, or at 
least six. Then they calmly drop 
back to the older era of football when 


ship. 

It is that condition which makes 
echedule making so difficult and which 
gives the small colleges considerab‘e 
reason for complaint. Any team that 


titled to a part of the gate receipts 
to sustain its own college activities 
and should be paid for sacrificing 
home games to 
the big fellows. 

There is an idea loose among the 
colleges which is being argued and 
that is that, instead of a ‘varsity and 
a freshman team representing the 
schools, there should be a ’yarsit 
team—then a middleweight and 
lightweight team. 

The idea is full of possibilities, for 
the sport is a little too fine to confi 
entirely to heavyweights. It wo 
mean good inter-mural 
practice sessions, real rivalry in the 
home school, for not all. heavyweight 
teams can beat the lightweizhts, but 
it is possible that the middleweight 
teams or the  lightweights 
furnish quite as good sport as the 
heavyweights will do. 

It is coming; so we might as well 

ire for it. “4 
| (Copyright, 1922, ase ‘the Constity 
eR, ek oe re 


i ae 
a ee 


oer e . 


Sh. gt OS 


the winner in a series of four races. . 


profes- 


the visiting team received only ex, 
penses and say that is sportsman-, 


give an attraction 9 


j 


. 


a 


for 20 miles in competition in a i 


Newark, N. J., Alfred Grenda, Aus- * 
on 


Three amateur road rec-@ 


Davenport, Ia., Russel Lange did three™ 
in 6:51 and Victor® 
Hopkins rode five miles unpaced in 
In the finals at Washington, 
Arthur Nieminsky, New York, better- 
in 

- : ; ex? @ 
The world’s cycling championships 


were held from July 31 to August T 
Peter Moe- 


+ 


High school, of Memphis, and the Lance 


The principals of all three of the® 
Dr. J. L. Highsaw, principal of thea 
same time of the games. The schools 


4 
e 
ing, with several other of the vera, 


are worse than the small fry, but eorty | 


insist that seven of their eight gamese 


can attract 20,000 spectators is en-@ 


y 
a® 
rt and fine® 


worl, 


f 


VOL. 


& > ant 


x Se 


ae a. ake 
: RS eae " 
Nga 
a 
52%; ~4 ee 
ce oe : ; R 
~ ~ 
+ ¥ 7.) 
” % ' " 
O Ss ; | 


: ig oa een ‘i Gd S . eo Ue 
Seas 7 7 we ee + a eae Ae Bete 
& é, ia ‘+ ts $s & °, ham 
gg BE pee Ag. ee ote it aR SES 
+ > 1 Sng Ae ¥ 
‘ : MR oa 


LIV., No. 208. 


ATLANTA, GA., SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 8, 1922. 


; Work of Scott and Bass 


v 


' 


* assistance of three other basketeers 


»‘® elubmen their toughest engagement 


® State. 


‘4 in the south is the only consolation 


To 


» Yosition Atlanta has faced this sea- 


+ 


& 


© Playing any better attack than was 


§ 
‘ ’ 


* be attained to a certain degree. 


” 


't} ®. 
~ @ either. 


+ 
4 


eed into the hole and it wasn't long | Scott (28)...... 1. 
before Alf had his hands on the spher- ; Bryan (4)....... 


@tanburg quintet was too straight not 


? 
a@onds to realize the game was on, but 
nfter that the customers settled down | 


» )ecores, 
® 


» 


in ‘shooting a field 


» » being carted to the 


gangie, but th 


® basketball. 


“Blory to an abrupt halt. 


tle of the campaign. 


4 Is Brilliant Feature 


Of Local’s Big Victory 


BY CLIFF WHEATLEY. 


(iver the blasted hopes of the Spar- 
tanburg Y. M. C. A. for supremacy 
in southern basketball affairs this 
morning stand the rather lanky fig- 
ures of Alfred Scott and Rufus Bass, 
forwards, of' the Atlanta Athletic 
club's quintet, who, given the great 


flushing the local colors, administered 
a 73-22 defeat on the outfit that was 
sluted to give the. Auburn avenue 


Icst night at the Auditorium. 

lt was a bitter pill to these gal¢ 
Jont little players from the Palmetto 
They came with the keen de- 
sire to bring the A. A. C.’s march to 
The fact that 
“they failed before the strongest team 


the battle gave them, unless it was 
the satisfaction of realizing that they 
showed more stuff than any other op- 


ec yh. 
Best in Country. 


Coach Bean’s machine, as it work- 
ed last night, is the best team in 
tie United States. That covers a 
whole lot of territory, you: argue— 


that is just what we mean it to do. 
Jt is hard to conceive of a team dis- 


uncorked by the clubmen; it is im- 


most optimistic supporters had not 
dreamed would be reached until the 
national championship tournament. 


like the title depended on them rolling 
up an overwhelming margin Those 
statements explain Spartanburg’s beat- 
ing and you don’t have to wade 
through a mass of figures for any ad- 
ditional proof, 


Had to Improve. 


Hiad the club shown the same slug- 
gish spirit that marked their game 
w.th Camp Benning; had they uncork- 
ed the wiid swings that tuiied. the open- 
ing set-to with Clemson; had they not 
improved wondertuily their tloor work 
over the game with Central college, 
it is doubtful if victory would have 
veen achieved. 
of the strength of the Carolina quin- 
tet. We bring it out here because one 
can get, no idea of it from reading the 
line-up and summary, where you can 


possible for any tewm to show any 
more knowledge of defensive basket~ 
ball. 

We have not seen every team jn the 


| the 


see nothing but the brilliant work of 
Atlantans in every department 
of the pastime. 

At the start it appeared that the 


would have the “I-told-you-so” honors 
Atlanta's first field goal was a Jong time 
coming, but Rufus Bass put through a 
free throw after a bit, and Spartanburg 
retailated with one that knotted the 
count. Then the Scott-Bass combina 
tion started its work, and the score 
began to mount. 

The end of the first half found the 
locals with 32 points, while the Caro- 
linians were stumbling along with 9. 
Five of them were free throws from 
the very capable hands of Hecklin. 
who was better in this line than any- 
thing Atlanta could produces Heck- 


(jin’s playing was one of the distinct 


features of the game, and the crowd 
was completley won to his ability. 
The Second Half. 


eountry in action, It isn't necessary 
im order to come to the conelusion 
that the Bean men are fuily capa- 
ble of stacking up with that kind of 
company. Basketball perfection may 
a 
teain that approaches that limit 
championship caliber. The Atlanta | 
Athletic club’s five was rapping at 
thet po. it last night. 

We are hoping tnat the fine edge 
will last. If it does the. national 
title is just as sure ¢o « ne to Geor- 
gia 48 we are certain tuuat it’s going 
to be “blue Monday” twenty-four 
hours after you are reading this yarn, 
Their spirit against Spartanburg is 
the feature that Coach 
been attempting to get in his men 
since the firfst ganse of the season. 
Having made a scart, Bean now be- 
lieves that the fight and dash of the 


' 
) 


Bean had | 


| ness. 
(caught the look of distress in Phil's 


boys will stick through the last bat- 
| Fighting in this 
manner, Bean believes he has the 
best team in the United Stages, which 
mukes it unanimous. 


The Big Battle. 


The struggle between Rufe and 
Alf in the scoring iine was the bril- 


Jiant feature of the engagement. There | 


If Bass had a better chance 
to make the market, Scott would see 


Was nothing selfish about the rivairy 


a0 it that the ball was passed to him. | 


Rufus, onthe other hand, had his 


eyes wide open every time Seoit stray- | 


oid, 
In the long run, Bass won out, but 


thie floor work of Scott and his gen- | 


eral playing was what kept the fine | 


crowd yelling from the time the game 


The second half found no substitu- 


| tions for the teams, and the old relia- 
| ple Scott and Bass continued to boost} 
| the count. 
| a halt. 
iremove Scott. 


is |, 


k‘inally, Coach Bean called 
He left Bass in, but decided to 
Phil Ammons, the A. A. 
seorer, was being swamped by busi- 
Weill always believe Bean 


lads who had doped out low scores. 


| 


ihe entire Atlanta five was fighting: 


| 
| 


That is our estimate | 


| 


k 


‘ 


face and chose to give him a holiday. 


But Scott wasn’t inactive for long. 
Tom Bryan, wuo was guilty of some 
personal fouls in the first half, eom- 
mitted his fourth shortly after the see- 
ond stanza had started, and had to be 
yanked. Coach Bean signalled Seott 
to take his place. Cheers went up 
‘rom the Ailanta side of the rooting 
sections, and Spartanburg. began to 
groan. Alf shot some field goals to 
keep in trim, and delighted the spec- 
tators by further exhibitions of his 
skill. 

After a bit, Bean shot his reserves 


|to the front, and they gave valiant 
service, 
| promising basketball material as has 


Joe Middleton looks to be as 


Vlossomed forth in some time, and one 
can easily see that the day is not far 
off when he will prove one of the elub’s 
factors in winning future champion- 
ships. Captain Sulltwan, Tom Bryan 
and Jounny Graves were other big 
noises in the success of their machine. 
Line-up-Summary. 

ATLANTA (73) Pos. S’P’G (22) 
Bass (51)....+. r. f. .. Heckman (14) 
f. coee ckaarem (6) 
Sr rrr FT 
CoPETOS (SZ) voces Bi Be ccccsces Owed 
Sullivan....... bh g. «2+... -Oepland 

Substitutes—For A. A. C., Oliver 
fer Sullivan, Hartney for Graves, Sin 
eleton (8) for Scott, Scott for Bryan; 


started until the whistle brought it to | for Spartanburg, Friday for Oepland 


a ciose, The 
the turnstiles literally scared stiff. 
‘The dope they had seen on the Spar- 


to carry a kick. They thought of a 
big possibility that Bean's basket- 
eers would be halted. 

took Rufe and Alf a few sec 


to enjoy an Atlanta victory. There 
was no mistaking the signs of form 
one could read all over these goal- 
shooting gentlemen. The crowd knew 
thatewith Scott and Bass in that ex- 
eellent condition there was nothing 
to worry about except possibly the 
wearcin of difference between the 


Leads the Scoring. 

Bass had jess trouvie in sending 
the ball througn tor the necessary 
points. Perhaps his task was light- 
ened consideraviy by the floor work 
of the “miracie man,” but anyway 
be led in ihe scoring. The first hast 
fouud Kufe possessing touurteen points 
on his side of the ledger to twelve 
for Scott. In the second half Scott 
scored sixteen to Bass’ seventeen. 

Scott’s field goals were far more 
epectacular than an yother man on the 
court. Of course he didn't seek the 
ehance to send them in from every 
ere were lots of times 
when no cemrade was handy and im- 
qrediate action was_ necessary. Scott 
then showed just to what extent he 
ye master of a basketball. 

The generally accepted idea of 
goal A, to —_ borg 

from the basket. Soott works dil- 
Sentiy. Just as Willie Hoppe knows 
bo wto curve & billiard ball, Alf un- 
cerstunds the bouncing tendencies of a 
As long as ——— — 

ackzround he ‘is practically cer- 

a =. a field goal. It’s the English, 
folks—we learned last night that its 
ssible to put it on without allowing 


efor the angle at which a ball must hit 


@game never knew ex! 


. 


._ ter than that of any 


¢he boards. 
No Great Mystery. : 

With Scott. then, performing oo 
i 1 that followers 0 e 
a ee isted, it is hard to 
understand why Spartanburg felt they 
ed been humiliated in su suc 
defeat. The visiting lads didn't 
iow it when gill the fur was flying 
night, and they won't believe it 
wow, but they ny tery speed - ‘we 
Auditorium court that was muc - 
oe then team that has 

played there this year. | 
The Carolinians haven't a whole lot 


9 of confidence now in their attack, but 


iw 


3¢ was one of the most persistent that 
local clubmen have been up against 
ce the campaign started with an- 
er South Carolina basket machine 
cemetery. The 
score doesn’t seem to indicate that 
Spartanburg brought down anything 
‘that even remotely resembled a cle- 
fense, and yet players on the A 
team stated after the game that 
was @ very Stubborn affair. — 
So after all there was nothing that 
Carolinians need be asha _of 
was the most powerful a 
Bean has been Able to rig 
om the taft ot gt Me in han, 
ef the grevtect pla: 
form that their 


* «s- . 


it 


mation ware at the 


fangs passed through | Neighbor for Collins. Referee, Holt. 


SOCCER CLUB 


LOSES GAME 


The Atlanta Soccer club lost their 
first game of the season yesterday af- 
ternoon, when the Lithonia club de- 
feated the visitors from Atlanta by 
the seore of 3 goals to 2. This was 
the first scheduled game between 
these two old rivals since the spring 
of 1914, practically the entire per- 
sommel of both teams enlisting shortly 
after the declaration of war, The 
game was very interesting, Cruick- 
shank succeeded in stopping many weil 
directed kicks, but Billy Jones finally 
beat him when he sent a well directed 
kiek from out of the corner of the 
field. This was the first score during 
the first 30 minutes of play. 

In the second half, playing with 
their backs to the wind and showing 
the results of hard training the Lith- 
onia men scored three times in the 
first 15 minutes of play before the 
Atianta men pulled themselves to- 
gether. Povoa scored Atlanta’s sec- 
ond goal just before the final whistle 
blew which gave the game to the stone 
cutters, 

The lineup: 

LITHONIA, Pos. ATLANTA. 
Cruickshank.. Goal ..MaclIntyre.. 
Sr A eeerrere, 
Sa es eee 
PEs ic cdosnits Me Dsecanees «ooo 
J. Woodhouse..l h. b...... Williams 


ffering such | 


Anderson....2.c. hb. D..scos Wee CORED 

| Robertson....6..0. T..eee..--Rourk 

| Goodwin. l. T.eeeeee-B. Jones 

L. Woodhouse....c........D. Jones 

‘Lawson (Capt.).i. 1..Harland {Capt.) 

RN s.6 a's dhe OG~ Bees « Monroe 
Time of halves: 30 minutes. 


FULTON HIGH WINS 
FROM Y. W.C.A.,9TO 4 


BY JESS WALTON. 

Final score, Fulton High girls 9, 
Y¥. W. C. A. 4. It may sound fishy, 
but it’s the truth. And it was one 
of the best basketball games that has 
ever been seen in Atlanta. Fulton 
High shot the first, goal early in the 
battle, and shot another later in the 
game, which were the only field goats 
made during the encounter. 

Both teams played snappy ball, and 
on several occasions drew immense ap- 
plause trom the large crowd of specta- 
tore, 

For Fulton,’ Smith with two field 
gloals, and Zachary, with five fouls, 
were the outstanding stars, while Blair 
shot all four of the Y. W. C, A. fouls, 
and took the honors of the day for her 
team. 

The lineup: 

FULTON (SS POS. Y. W.C. A. (4) 
Zachary (5) ... r.f. ...-.. Blair (4) 
ett 6). 2... be ewes eeece See 
Sheridan .......¢ coeeeesss Haynie 
Tayton eeeeeevee lL. g. e*«.e@eeeer® Norris 


—TerTTT? © 


- in the| Terrell sa. Halt (6 £. saieiaiie.” 


} 


| Druid Hills Presbyterian vs. Capitol 
|} Avenue Baptist, Central Presbyterian 


| 


| Wesley Memorial and West End Pres- 


| 


| His Methodist and 


i The halves of games in the first hour 


* 


* ” 


pv 


¥ * 


. 


TECH SPRINGS SURPRISE AG, 


SCHEDULE OF - 
-§. S. CAGERS 


The basketball leagues of the Sun-| 
day School Athletic association will! 
play the opening games this coming) 
week. Four senior leagues, one inter- 
mediate and one junior league com- 
prise the make-up of the organization 
up to date. The junior league will 
open one week later. 

Each team plays one league game 
a week and the schedule is to run 
for ten weeks. All teams have . been 
practicing faithfully for the past four 
or six weeks and some very interest- 
ing games can be expected when the 
whistle blows on the opening night. 

The first set of games will be play- 
ed at the Central Y. M. C..A. Mon- 
day night with the “Pep” class of 
the Tabernacle Baptist’ and Grace 


Calls Off 


Moore Doesn't Like Sirib’s Weight 


BY CLIFF WHEATLEY 


Fight Set for. Atlanta 


Another New Orleans battler has 
decided that Young Stribling is a pret- 
ty good boy to let alone. This time 
it is Pal Moore, a lightweight, whe 
declines to have anything at all to do 
with the little Macon scrapper. 

Walk Miller broke the sad news 
yesterday. 
_ “It was the one fight that I would 
have risked paying the enormous taxes 
to stage,” the local promoter stated. 
“I thought everything was in ship- 
shape for the tussle, but it’s all off. 
’al Moore says he isn’t going to play.” 

Miller then went on to state that 


Methodist playing the first game, 
followed by the Y. M. B. C. of Wesley 


be Harris Street Presbyterian and the 
’ G. B. team of First Christian. 
The halves of the first two games 
will be “sandWiched.” Parker will 
referee this set. 

Another Opener. 

Thursday night at the Central 
Y. M. C. A., the National league will 
open their seasom wth the champion 
Central Presbyterian team and the 
Agoga class of ‘Tabernacle Baptist 
playing the first game. St. Luke’s 
Episcopal and Western Heights Bap- 
tist will p'ay the second game, follow- 
ed by Wesley Memorial A. C. and 
St. Paul Methodist. Boone will referee 
this set of games, 

Friday night at Boys’ High the 
Gilbert class of Wesley Memorial and 
Druid Hills Presbyterian will open 
nuctivities of the Federal league, fol- 
lowed by Gordon Street Baptist and 
Grace Methodist, with Central Bap- 
tist and North Avenue [Presbyterian 
niaying the last game. The referee 
for this set will be Holt. 

Giames at Y. M. C. A. 

Saturday night the Atlanta league 
will play their games at the Central 
’. M. C. A., Inman Park Methocist 
and Ponce de Leon Baptist «starting 
the activities followed by Epiphany 
Episcopal and Second Baptist, Druid 

the N. r 


~ . 


: the poundage of Stribling’s was tlie 
Memorial and West End Presbyterian. | . S 
‘The third game of the evening will} 


bugaboo haunting the Ovieans ring- 
ster, As we understand it, “Pa” Strib- 
ling 1s pertectiy willing to let his son 
drop a couple of the pounds be is 


carting about at present, which would 


make nis weight 135, but fe very wise- 
ly refusgs to make young “W. L.,” 
pull of any more, 

Moore, his most recent fight showed. 
weighs 133. The difference is not a 
whole lot to have a fuss ubout. We 
ave rather inclined to the belief that 
Moore has no keen desire to try con- 
clusions with Young Stribling. 

Ashton Donza started the habit in 
New Orleans of easing uway from 
contracts for Stribling. Bach in the 
days when Stribling was a bantam- 
weicht, Donza was given the chance 
to enter the ring with the Maconian. 
He was sweet on the idea until Strib- 
ling unloaded a few hundred waliops 
on a pugilist Donza had fought. A 
few days before the battle, Donza de- 
veloped sunstroke or something else 
Stribling has since outgrown the di- 
vision by many pounds and Donz 
declares he’s sorry he was not given 
the chance to hammer the Georgian 
for all kinds of loops. 

It seems, however, that Joe Mat- 
ranga, bested by Stribling in an At- 
‘anta arena, is still willing to try con- 
clusions with the Bibb county Jad, and 


will give away some noundace if he is | 


“iven the chance. That clears New 


team of North Avernue Presbyterian | 
will play the last game. Wilson will | 
officiate at this set. 

The intermediate league will play 
nt Boys’ High, playing four games, 


Gordon Street 
Baptist, 


and. Grace Metho:list. 
Presbyterian and Second 


byterian. 
All games will stait at 7:30 sharp. 


will be “sandwiched.” 
ATLANTA LEAGUE, 


January 14—Inman Park 
Ponce de Leon Baptist; Epiphany Episcopal 
vs. Second Baptist; Druid Hills Methodist 
vs. North Avenue Presbyterian. 

January 2I—Inman Park Methodist vs. 
Epiphany Episcopal; Ponce de Leon Saptist 
v8. Druld Hills Methodist; Second Baptist 
vs. North Avenne Presbyterian. 

January 28—Inman Park Methodist vs. 
Second Baptist; Ponce de Leon Baptist vs. 
North Avenue Presbyterian; Epiphany Epis- 
copal vs. Druid Hills Methodist. 

February 4—Inman Park Methodist vs. 
Drpid Hillis Methodist: Ponce de Leon Bap- 
tist vs. Second Baptist; Epiphany Episcopal 
vs. North Avenue Presbyterian. 

February 1]—Inman Park Methodist vs. 
North Avenue Dresbyterian; Porce de Leon 
Baptist ve. Epiphany Episcopal; Second Bap- 
tist vs. Druld Hille Methodist, 

February 18—Inman Park Methodist vs. 
Ponce de Leon Baptist: Epipaany Episcopal 
vs, Second Baptiet; Druid Hills Methodist 
ve. North Avenue Presbyterian. 

February 25--Inman Park Methodist vs. 
[Cpiphany Episcopal; Ponce de Leon Baptist 
vs. Druid Hills Methodist; Second Baptist 
vs. North Avenue Presbyterian. 

March 4—Inman Park Methodist vs, Sec- 
ond Baptist: Ponce de Leon Baptist vs. 
North Avenue Presbyterian; Epiphany Epis- 
copal vs. Druid Hills Methodist. 

March 11—Inman Park Methodist ve. 
Druid Hills Methodist; Ponce de Leon Bap- 
tist ve. Second Baptist; Epiphany Episcopal 
vs, North Avenue Presbyterian. 

March 18—Inman Park Methodist vs. 
North Avenue Presbyterian; Ponce de Leon 
Baptist vs. Epiphany Episcopal; Second 
Baptist vs. Druid Hille Methodist. 

NATIONAL LEAGUE, 


Janvary 12—Central Presbyterian 
ernacle Baptist (Agoga class); St. Luke’s 
Episcopal vs. Western Heights Baptist; 
Western Heights Baptist; Wesley Memorial 
A. C, vs. St. Paul Methodist 

January 20—St. Luke’s Episcopal vs. Wes- 
ley Memorial A, C.; Tabernacie Baptist 
(Agcoga class) vs. Western Heights Bap- 
tist; St. Paul Methodist ve. Central Pres- 
byterian. 

January 23—Tabernacle Paptist fAgoga 
class) ve, St. Luke’s Episcopal; Western 
Heights Baptist va. St. Pau! Methodirt; 
ae ey Presbyterian va Wesley Memorial 


2—Wesley Memorial A. C. y¥s. 
Western Heights Baptist; Tabernacle RBap- 
tist (Agoga clags) vs. St. Paul Methodist; 
Central Presbyterian vse. St, Luke's, Epis- 
copal. , 

February 10—Western Heights Baptist vs. 
Central Presbyterian; St. Paul Methodist vs. 
St. Luke's Episcopal: Tabernacie Baptist 
(Agoga ciass) vs. Wesley Memortal A. C. 

February 13—Central Presbyterian va. 
Tabernacle aptist (Agoga class); St. Luke's 
Episcopal vs. Western Heights aptist; Wes- 
ley Memorial A. C. ve. St. Panl Methodist. 

February 23—St. Lukes Episcopal ys. 
Wesley Memorial A. C.; Tabernacle Baptist 
(Agoga class) vs. Western Heights Baptist; 
St. Paul Methodist vs. Central Presbyterian. 

March 3—Tabernacle Baptist (Agoga 
class) vs. St. Luke’s Episcopal; Western 
Heights Baptist vse. St. Paul Methodist; Cen- 
tral Presbyterian vs. Wesley Memorial A. C. 


vs. Tab- 


February 


Methodist vs. f 


Orleans’ name to a certain extent, 
hut the vast maiority of the Cereseent 
City puzilists have adopted the atti- 
tude that Stribling can go on.to fame 
without any interference from them. 
BASEBALL IDEAS 

IN GRID UAMES. 

Califoruia’s balmy climate played a 
scurvy trick on “Greasy” Neale, coach 
of the Washington and Jefferson foot- 
ball squad. The big league star 
thought it was summer and started 
kicking on the decisions rendered by 
the umpire. 

“Greasy” simply mixed his pastimes, 
In baseball it is part of the fans’ 
entertainment to watch irate players 
draw fines and suspensions through 
arguments with the umpiratical gen- 
tlemen—the only species in existence 
that gets paid for guessing—but on 
the gridiron ft’s considered bad man- 
ners to tell the umpire just how rot- 
ten you think he is. 

In foothg'! some mistakes are made. 
There would pnbably be more were 
the officials called upon to rale as fre- 
quently as they are in baseball. But 
the sins of these gentlemen who pre- 
side over football games are forgiven. 
It’s not “the thing” for a coach to cry 
“sobbed” after the dust of battle has 
sett] @d. 

This correspondent was a lone way 
from the scene of the recent Wash- 
‘neton and Jefferson-University of 
California embroglio. Fortunately, 
this newspaper’s news representatives 
were on the spot. They stated that the 
easterners outplayed the coasters and 
should have won on pure merit. 

But they didn’t yell it was a rank 
decision that cansed Coach Neale'’s 
erew to earn no better than a draw. 
The coach himself did that when he 
was receiving congratulations for his 
mars ietory.” 

pg aght ten tt was unfortunate. It 
is a pity that he didn't count ten 
thonsand before uttering “We were 
robbed of 2 touchdown.” For all we 
know, Washington and Jefferson 
mizht have been unjustly ruled 
avainst, but the officials at that game 
were not thrust on Neale and his fol- 
lowers. 

Nenle had a good many words to 
say about the selecfion of the men that 
P would have fmal say over vroblems 
eomine up in the battle. He should 
have kent aniet about their rulings. 

If the introdnection of baseball Bpe- 
eialists into the enllegiate —— 
to bring about many sre occur- 
rences, the practice should be halted 
at once, 

EDDIE MEAD HAS 
CAUSE TO YELL. : 

By the grace ot some efficient postal 
clerk, we are in receapt of a leter 
‘rom Eddie sieud, manuger of a ioc’ 
ot tighters in New ors, but it look 
real eificiency on the part of that 
cierk to gét the epistie to this ofuce. 

“Perey Whiting, the KLvening News, 
Atlanta, Ga.,” it was addressed. 


March 6—Wesley Memorial A. C€. rs. 
Western Heights Baptist; Tabernacie Baptist 
(Agoga ciass) ve. St, Paul Methodirt; Cen- 
tral Presbyterian vs. Bt. Luke's Episcopal. 

March 16—-Western Heichts Baptist vs. 
Centrai Presbyterian; St. Paul Methodist vs, 
St. Luke's Episcopal; Tabernacle Baptist 
(Agoga class) vs. Wesley Memorial A. C, 


FEDERAL LEAGUE. 


January 13—Wesley (Gilber vs. Druid 
Hills Presbyterian; Gordon Street Baptist 


1 don’t know bow iong age Mr. 
Writing was in Atlanta; nor do I 
know bow long ago ‘ive Kvening 
News closed its last form, but i ao 
know that both antedate Mr. Wood- 
ruff, which would make them of 
rather indefinite period, as’ years £0. 
| However, “Fat Eddie,” in this com- 
munication, brings out some startling 


vs. Garce Methodist; Central Baptist va. 
North Avenue Presbyterian. 

January 16—Wesley (Gilbert) vs. Gordon 
Street Baptist; Druid Hills Presbyterian 
vs. Central Baptist; Grace Methodist vs. 
North Avenue Presbyterian. 

January 26—Wesley (Gilbert) vs. Grace 
Methodist: Druid Hillis Presbyterian vs. 
North Avenue Presbyterian; Gordon Street 
Beptist vs. Central Baptist. 

February 3—Wesley (Gilbert) vs. Central 
Baptist; Druid Hills Presbyterian vs. Grace 
Methodist: Gordon Street Baptist vs. North 
Avenue Presbyterian. 

February. 6—Wesley (Gilbert) vs. North 
Avenue Presbrterian; Pruid Hills Presbyte- 
rian vs. Gordon Street Baptist; Grace Meth- 
odist va. Central Baptist. 

February 16—Wesley (Gilbert) vs. Druid 
Flille Presbyterian: Gordon Street Raptist 
vs. Grace Methodist: Central Baptist vs. 
North Avenne Presbrtertan. . 

February 24—Wesley (Gilbert) vs. Gordon 
Street Baptiet: Dernid Hil's Presbyterian ve. 
Central Baptist; Grace Methodist vs, North 
Averne Presbyterian, 

February 27—Wesley (Gilbert) vs. Grace 
Methodist: Drvid Willis Preebyrterian re, 
North Avenue Preshrterian: Gordon Street 
Bantiet va. Central Tantist. 

March 9—‘Vesiey (Githert) ve. Central 
Rartist: Drvid Hille Presbrterian ve. Grace 
Methodist: Gorden Street Baptist vs. North 
Arerne Presbrterian. 

Mareh 17—Wesley (Gilbert) vs. North 
Annona Deach=tortan: Drnff Hitl« 


Continued on Page 6, Column 7, 


facts anent his fighters, Andy Chaney, 
of Baltimore, who defeated Babe Ler 
‘man Friday night at Tex Rickard’s 
garden. Meade says he is on the ram- 
page for Kilbane’s title, and his cam- 


| paign is bearing some fruit. 


There are a whole lot of good feath- 
erweights in the world at this time, 
and the best of the lot seems to be 
Chaney. If it is true that they ate 
looking for someone to give Champion 
Kilbane a real battle, justice would 
demand that Chaney be given the call. 
HOPE SOUTH WILL 
“LAY OFF” THIS. 

At the recent meeting of footbalt 
coaches, Joun Wilce, Obio State men- 
tor, proposed that a football player, 
after graduation, joining the profes- 
sional ranks, be deprived of his letter 
end placed on a “blackball list.” 
motion gained some adherents and / 
probably be recommended to the © 
‘jeges of the nation. 

It is .to be hoped that the | 
will maintain its high plane in college 
ethletics and decline to enter the agree- 
ment. Professional football, like -pro- 
fessional anything else has a right 
to develop. If the public likes it. 
it has the rizht to see the game plarved, 
A college ster who unselfishly 


~ 


j 


| 


| 


rsomething of a problem about the time 


Alanta’s indoor golfing school was dis- 


| 


given at least three years to help his 
school out athleticatly,. should not 
be penalized because he. chovses to 
— his living in protessional {feot- 
ball, 

THIS CHICAGO MOGUL 

HAS RIGHT IDEA, 

Liking to eat oftener and more than 
any otner person he knows of, the 
writer is glad to note that the chief 
mogul of the Chicago Cubs bas de- 
cided to take along a spetial chef when 
bis squad reports for spring truining. 

“Kanowmng the way to a man’s heart 
ethrough Bis stomach,” ete., is the 
way “Sm Associated Press starts its 
yarn avout Vresident Veeck's new 
wrinkle.” We regret that a previous 
engagement to attend Dutch Frank’s 
training stunts at Bay St. Louis ear- 
ly in March precludes any _ pwsaibili- 
ties of us signing a contract witb} 
the Windy City franchise owners. 

To the average recruit, food becomes 


the birds begin to sing, and the chig- 
gers to feed. The most of them may 
be described in the old fable about the 
grasshoppe? and the ant. Few of 
Lue) Lasusk Of (ie luag Wiuler lvls 
Luat luuow Cue ZUOd usd SUluimer Lilue, 
AUCKELOIE, CUO Apprvacwu YL Spuilly Uuus 
Mhiany OL Lhe wellueriug wie.e Wt 
UeXt Mieuh-Licsel id CUluiug Livin. 

At is HvUUL aul CHE tudyuisiy Ul Lede 

YOUNgslers gel vul VI Lue Spailly Lraib- 
aug. bAbey Columund Du sdiury ull 
tuey Dave CuuVaadeed LY suluer Cybica 
Miduager of tueir Dail-pmayinug awuiii- 
cits, und the puvKel mivuey Luey “ave 
during those trying limes must come 
Lruln theic OWU saviligs Dank, 
* rood, then, shouiu be oi the best. 
At's One thing tnut Is free for them 
during the tru.ning trip, und it shouid 
be of the qualily thai will make them 
forget some OL (we Olver expeuses they 
are being put to im trying out tor a 
place on profess.onal outits, 

Bringing the matter rigot to Ate 
ianta, recruits for the local baseball 
ciub can prociaam to the worid tuat 
better training ciimate could be had 
yther than at Bay St. Louis, but it is 
doubtful if there is a major jeague or- 
ganization that can touch the food the 
players are given at the Dutchman's 
tra.ning site. 

Unless the ery of economy has 
spoiled the plans of Messrs. Spiller 
and Frank, Cracker ballplayers and 
sporting writers are going to have sev- 
eral weeks of mighty good eating when 
spring rolls around. It’s somethiag 
to look forward to, anyway. 

DAVE ALEXANDER’S 
GOLFING SCHOOL. p 

Dave Alexander bas fixed it so 
Atlanta’s golfing public can go to, 
school. 

One or two of the local followers 
of Scotia’s pastime don’t need any 
further schooling. We suppose Bobby 
Jones and Perry Adair could stumble 
through life and never profit a great 
deal from the things that are being 
taught in Dave's school, but the rest 
of us are going to have a lot of 
causes for slices, shanks, poor putts 
and improper‘stances explained at 
Dave's place.on Auburn avenue. 

He leuat some weeks ago when 
he was inaking his plans for this 
school, that success depended on the 
caliber of the golf instructor he would 
bring to Atlanta to help the rest of 
humanity. The professor, first had 
to be a player himself; he should 
know everything there was to know 
about golf playing; he should he pa- 
tient in imparting his knowledge to 
others. 

Then Dave began his search for this 
rare specimen and the chase led to 
Boston. There the man to conduct At- 


covered. 

He is Dan Goss and is the golf 
professional at the North Adams, 
Mass., course. He is one of the best- 
known of the professionals in Massa- 
chusetts and is a welcome addition to 
Atlanta’s golf forces. 

A part ot his work will be accom- 
plished with the Golf-o-Meter that was 
recently installed at Mr. Alexander's 
establishment. This contrivance cor- 
rects the faults of golfers and has 
done much to improwe America’s golf 
playing in the brief time it has been 


| High 


on the market. 
Mr. Alexarider wants t6 stress the) 


fact that this ‘school is not confined to}° 


the “club set.” He is intensely inter-; 
ested in golfers at Piedmont Park | 
and the Key links—Atlanta’s munici- 
pal golf courses. He issues a coriial 
invitation for p'’avers on those courses 
to join the school, to come down and 
take a few clonts at the Golf-o-Meter. 

It is p'anned to continue this school 
for several weeks and Atlantans have 
every opnortunity to take advantage 
of the features that Dan Goss’ in- 
struction includes. 


TROUBLE IN 


N. 0. STOPS 


New Orleans, January 7.—Attorney- 
General A. Y. Coco, late’ today, re- 
quested District Attorney Robert H. 


(Marr to file no more informations 


| 


ath 


against the bookmakers operating at 
the fair grounds track until a test 
can be made in one of the several cases 
already instituted by the district at- 


torney. Mr. Marr has announced he 
wil’ abide by the request. 

Under the constitution of the state, 
the attorney-general has supervision 
ever all the various district attorneys, 
and hig right to make such a request 
is not questioned by Mr. Marr. * No 
further arrests of the mookmakers will 
be "nade. 

District Attorvey Marr several days 
ago announced he would have all the 


kmakers arrested each day they 
operated at the fair grounds, and has 
been follow'ng this practice. 


SWEEPSTAKES ENTRY 
BLANKS ARE MAILED 


Indianapolis, Ind., January 7.—En- 
try blanks were mailed today to all 
the star racing-drivers of America and 
Europe for the tenth annual 500-mile 


sweepstakes that will be held at the 
Indianapolis motor speedway May 30. 
Entries will be ved up to mid- 
night May 1. 


get 


PREPS MEET 
| DURING WEEK 


‘ BY ROY E. WHITE. 

With nothing definite in regard to 
the opening of the prep busketball 
schedule, the Prep league magnates 
will assemble once more to adopt a 
permanent schedule. 

A meeting was called in December, 


, 
; 
y 


+* 


‘ 


* * 


+ 


Doped for Rad Beating, — 
Jackets Hold Baptists 
To Low Score of 28-26 


BY JOHN STATON, 
Macon, Ga., January 7.—(Special.) 


but nothing definite was decided be- Georgia Tech pulled one of the scason’s | 


cause of some plans. whereby all the | surprises here tonight when the At-} chrows at the basket in the second 
| Janta collegians, doped to get licked | period, and;made seven of them good. 


games could be played on the same 
court. 


A committee was appointed | two 


by a great murgin, finishid within 
points of the Mercer quintet, the 


to secure the Auditorium court and | Baptists scoring the marker that gave | 
have two games’ in one afternoon. | 


This committee was scheduled to 


make its report at the meeting last | 


Wednesday night, but the directors 
postponed the meeting until this week. 

President Boon has not issued the 
call for the meeting. but it will most 
likely be held either Wednesday or 
Thursday night at the Boys’ High 
School building. 

Tentative Dates. 


A tentative basketball opening date 
was set for January 14 at the De- 
cember meeting and if the committee 
makes a favorable report the original 
pian of opening will continue. It 
has béén rumored among the league 
directors that the. committee has a 
very favorable report to make at the 
meeting, which will mean that two 
games of basketball will be played 
on Saturday afternoon and two on 
Tuesday afternoon of each week. 

The best way of financing the small- 
er and weaker teams wiil be taken 
up at the meeting. It has been plan- 
ned to pool all the gate receipts and 
distribute them equally among each 
of the five teams. In the pest each 
game was taken care of by the con- 
testunts and as a result some of the 
smaller teams made practically no 
money at all, and should this prac- 
tice continue the smaller teams would 
not enjoy some of the conveniences 
that help to make basketball a suc- 
cess in the Prep league. 

Two Members Resign. 

When the ®Prep league opens for 
the 1922 campaign it will be minus 
the services of two of its former 
mates, ‘Thesé teams are Commercial 
and Fulton High. Both re 
signed at the December meeting to 
become charter members of the new- 
ly-organized Junior Prep league. 

With those two teams out, only five 
teams remain. They are Tech High, 
Boys’ High, M. A., University 
school and Marist college. 

There will be practicaliy no change 
in the coaching of the Prep league 
this year. Coach Boon will egain 
handle the LBiuebirds at University 
school. J. 8S. Burbage is on the 
job again teaching the cadets of G. 
M. A. His G. M. A. five won the 
championship last yeur in easy style, 
but the situation looks different at 
present for the coming campaign. 
Dave Johnson, former Georgia star, 
has already made a dangerous foe 
of the Boys’ High school five. They 
recently went wild over the Griffin 
High school five. The Boys High squad 
has about reached midseason form, 
due to an early start. The “Ole 
Marster,” Joe Bean, is working won- 
ders with the Marist five. The Tech 
High coaches wil! be Tolbert, of last 
year, and “Shetty” Doyal, former 
Tech High and Tech star on the 
court. 


VOLS AFTER 
B. JONNARD 


Nashville, Tenn., January 7.—(Spe- 
cial.)—“Bubber”  Jonnard, catcher, 
will wear a Nashville uniform next 
year, if the Pirates turn him back 
to class A. This was assured by John 
H. Farrell, secretary of the National 
Baseball association. 

Jonnard was drafted from Nash- 
ville late last fall, the price being 
$4,000, providing the player sticks. It 
has been hinted that the Pirates would 
earry Jonnard through the training 
season and then he would be turned 
ver to the Birmingham club, but ac- 
cording to reports this can not be 
done. 

According to dope, the Baron man- 
agers figured that Nashville needed 
the money worse than they needed 
Jonnard, and would get the Pirates 
to keep “Bubber” until after May 1, 
and then they could talk the Pirates 
out of him, but the Vols are planning 
to get Jonnard back, providing that 
the Pirates do not keep him. 


MARIST FIVE 
IS DEFEATED 


The Marist college basketball five 
lost a hard-fought basketbali game 
Saturday afternoon to the Medeor 
Feds by a 1-point margin, the final 
score 13 to 12. The game was played 
on-the Federal prison court. 

Witt, cener for the Medeor Feds, 
led his mates in the scoring with 7 
points to his credit, and it was his 
spurt in the final few minutes of play 
that decided the game. Wagner at 
forward also played good ball, scor- 
ing 4 points and covering the floor 
better than usual. 

Marist was leading the Feds by a 
10 to 6 score at the end of the first 
half, but the Medeor Feds came to 
life at the beginning of the second 
half. 

Captain Bradley and Van Houten 
played the best ball for the losers. 
Bradley scored ten of his team’s twelve 
points. Doyle, a guard, scored the oth- 
er two points. The Marist team did 
not exhibit the shifting and floor work 
they did last week. ‘The prison team 
showed they had put in some real 
practice since he first of the year, and 
‘heir team work was decidedly better. 

The line-up: 

M. FEDS. Pos. MARIST. 
Barrenger....e+-f. «+ «.Bradiey (10) 
Wagner C4) cS ce6a<ke edbtadces tae 
Witt CT ia cwsvcee® ccceess-- Holland 
Morrelle........+-8- »«...-Van Houten 
Forthoefer..../.-8. .+...-Doyle (2) 

Substitutes—For Marist. Otis, Lac- 
oniarsino, Keeling; for Medeor 
(2), Heft, Meferee, 1 


i ae 


. 


Feds, ) 


. 


‘dent of the international committee, 


| the 


them a 28-21} victory just as the final | 
whistle blew. 

That game was one of those things 
you read about but scldom see. In 
the last half second of piay Gamble, 
from the middle of the court. on the 
dead run, sent ene through the loops 
without touch.ng the rims. But more 
of that later. 

The crowd was estimated at about 
2.000 people. Many turned out who 
would not have come, simply because 
Mercer was playing Tech, And there. 
were quite a few hanging around who 
would not miss any kind of sporting 
match for money. Altogether there 
was quite a hullabaloo. 

The Mercer band was out and ren- 
dered effective music at the proper 
times. ‘here was a goodly band of 
Mercer students to cheer their valiant 
warriors. And everyone present got 
an eyefull, and their money's worth. 


Came at Whistle. 

The deciding goal came just as the 
timekeeper’s wh.stle blew. ‘The ball 
had just left the hands of Gamble 
when the whistle called things off for 
the night. Up to this point in the 
game the score had been tied for some |! 
minutes, 
and neck throughout the whole affair. | 
At one time in the first half, Mercer | 
led Tech by a margin of 6 points, 
this being the greatest lead in the 
game. The rest of the game the two 
teams kept right together, either being 
tied, or one leading the other by a 
point or so. 

If Tech ever plays a game like the 
one tonight, here’s ene who doesn’t 
want to be there. It is entirely too 
hard on the nerves. It is hard to 
realize the closeness of the contest. 


ee ee eee ee. ee owe 


The two teams went neck | 


| to deliver. 


of them. Ponder, for a moment, what 
the outcome would have been, had we 
made these free throws good. But we 
didn’t. Mercer had eleven free 


Feu's Hurt Badly. 

Fouls knocked both sides cucoo 
There were 21 called on ech and 11 
called on Mercer, Uut of these 24 touls 
called, Mercer made 10 of them count. 
Out or the 15 threws allowed by Teeh, 
G of them went for pointers. So, it 
would seem that in so far as the fouls 
were concerned, Mercer realized the 
greatest advantuge. Trey located the 
basket when we were unable to do su. 
We shot one fore field goal than ther 
did, Tech making 10 goals from the 
field to Mercer’s 9. It’s all in the 
game to be able to shoot fouls 
through, and we suffered our inability 
to do it. 

Fyvom our standpoint, Jenks was the 
most brilliant performer. He was all 
over the court simultaneously, and 
playing a wonderful game. He shot 
sigle-handed over two-thirds of ail 
our points, registering 16. He was 
right in the thick of it all the time. 
and fighting like a wildeat. Old Eme- 
ry has played a lot of good games, but 
his work tonight stands out. Baby 
Roune wasinit althe time, too. He 
played the floor like a war horse, and 
broke up more of Mercer’s passes than 
you can imagine. He stuck at the 
game with that dogged determiantion 
never to slack up, and twice counted 
for points when Tech needed them 
most. The whole team played well, and 
has nothing of which to be ashamed 
but Baby and Emery stand out abore 
the rest. 

Wear Is Star. 

Kor Mercer, Wear was more than 
half the cheese. At the opportune 
moments, when Mercer just had to 
have a goal, you could count on Wer 
Hle is one of the fastest 
forwards Mercer has ever hud. and 
covers the floor in a masterly fashion. 
Gamble played well also. Outside of 


Both teams were fighting like mad 
all the way through, and plaving an 
excellent brand of ball. 
the first half, the score was tied, 13 


fand 18. Thirteen all and 20 minutes | 


to go. That was the situation at the 
beginning of the second half, 


Got Off to Lead. 


Mercer got off to an early lead when 
Eckford committed a technical foul on 
the tipoff. Harmon registered the foul | 
and things begun to hum. Smith and 
Gamble each got a basket, and the 
story got black for Tech. Jenks and 
Brewster got to going a few seconds 
later, and soon the score was all even 


At the end of | 


Saving the game by his goal, there 
at the last, he also accounted for six 
other points. From the standpoint of 
playing the floor, Harmon had it over 
them also. He is not much bigger 
than a split second, but is well put 
together. Ue did nine-tenths of the 
recovering ior Mercer, Outside of this, 
he incidentally was the high-poinz 
scorer for that aggregation, making 


The officiating was excellent. There 
were two men removed from each 
side during the rame for committing 
feur personal fouls. But none of the 
fouls were due to intentional rough- 


Tech showed a flash of brilliancy here 
and soon tbe old ggine was standing 
2 points in our favor. Then Mercer 
took a spurt and passed us. Then we 
turned around and passed them. ‘That 
was the way it was throughout the 
entre fracas. First one and then the 
other; there was never any telline 
who would be the victor until Gamble 
pulled the story book stuff and 
looned the loop from mid-field. 

At the begining of the second half 
it looked mighty rosey for Teel for, at 
one time we had a 3-point lead, and 
the fellows were playing like wild 
ment. But it so happened that’ we 
didn’t maintain that lead; the curtain 
rang down with us holding the small 
end. In the second half, Tech had ex 
actly five concrete chances to win. 


ness, Captain Harper and Smith 
went out by that route for Mercer, 
and Jenks and Wekford for Tech. 
The referee was Mr, Eyler, from the 
University of Georgia, and he snapped 
things up from the start. The game 
was exceptionally clean throughout. 
If Mr. Eyler continues to officiate in 
Macon it will do a lot toward makiny 
people forget the Bruce occurrence. 
He handed out a square deal to both 
sides, and deserves credit for the way 
in which he handled the game. 

Taking it all around it was the most 
interesting game I have ever witness- 
ed. Fast, clean, hard-fought and agl- 
ways in doubt. 

It was the most nerve-pulling thing 
that we have ever seen, There's noth- 
ing else to it, it was just one of 


uring this period, we had six free 
chances at the goal, and only made one 


these games you read about in the 
story books but seldom see, 


Only Persuasion 


Can Win Olympic 


Games for America, Says W. Camp 


Started Originally as 
Peace Move, Games 
Threaten to Disturb 
Peace of World. 


BY WALTER CAMP. 

New York, January 7.—Before 
world peace, for which statesmen as- 
sembled at Washington are striving, 
is achieved, it may be found neces- 
sary to lish the Olympic games. 
There has hardly ever been held a 
set of games without friction of some 


kind and some times it has been so 
extreme as really to affect the na- 
tional feeling. 

A very pretty quarrel appears to 
be brewing over the recent report 
of the American Olympic committee, 
which Baron de Courbertin, presi- 


says, contains some “wilfully mislead- 
ing insinuations.” The report treated 
upon the 1920 Olympic games at Ant- 
werp and the Olympic conference at 
Lausanne last summer, complaining 
that the American proposal to hold 
the 1924 or the 1928 Olympics at Los 
Angeles had not been treated with the 
respect and courtesy dne such an in- 
vitation, Baron de Courbeftin has 
gone so far as to request the ap- 
pointment of an international sub- 
committee to go over the report and 
to rectify the alleged errors in it. 


General Armistice. 


Without going into the merits of 
the report and the baron’s action, 
it ie worth while to consider some 
of the broader phases of such a 
schism as this. Viewed in the light 
of the purpose of the resurrection of 
these ympic games, the quarrels 
that have emanated from them would 
make a cynic laugh. In the original | 
Greek Olympic games, peace was a 
great factor. In fact, a general armi- 
stice was declared throughout. Greece 
by all warring factions and parties 
previous to and during the Olympie 
games. In the baron’s own plans 
for the revival of the Olympic games, 
the chief and main statement was 
to the effect that they were to pro- 
mote friendship between the nations. 

This aim certainly never can be 


ee ee owe —_———— 


mass feelings of a race or a nation 
ure strange things to deal with, as 
the pages of history indicate, and it is 
not always the great political events 
that bulk largest jh the feeling of 
the individuals in @ mass, and many 
times the apparently less significant 
undercurrents are the ones which 
govern. 

Whatever may be the merits of 
the present controversy, there is one 
thing that Americans must face. That 
is that they are not in control, nor 
likely to be in control, of the in- 
ternat.oial, Oiympic committee and 
hence what they secure from the 
committee in the way of concessions 
must be through the medium of per- 
suasion. This brings us to the point 
of wondering just what all the other 
nations think of us. 

Diplomacy, the world believes, is 
more highly @eveloped among the 
continental nations than in the United 
States uud when one does not con- 
trol in voting’ numbers, diplomacy is 
necessary as everybody knows. (Per- 
haps a good illustration of this is 
the face that the 1924 games were 
awarded by the international commit- 
tee to Paris and the 1928 gaines to 
Amsterdam, in spite of the Ameri- 
ean representatives’ proposal to hold 
the 1924 games in Los Angeles should 
Paris not be available, or in case 
the 1924 games went to Paris, that 
the 1928 games should be held in 
Los Angeles. 


KIRKWOOD HIGH OPENS 
CO-ED SEASON TUESDAY 


Kirkwood High schoo] will play its 
first game of the Co-Ed league sched- 
rule Tuesday night at 8 o'clock on the 
new indoor court, with Decatur acting 
as opponents. Both teamé@ have been 
hard at work practicing for the past 
several weeks and are anxious to get 
started, so the large crowd of basket- 
ball fans that are expected to turn 
out for the battle are sure to get their 
money's worth. Both the boys and 
girls are to play, the boys meeting 
the Decatur bovs and the girls tackling 
the Decatur High lassies. 


Jim and Jock Are Matched. 


Del Monte, Cal, January 7.—Jina 
Barnes, American oren golf champion, 
and Jock Hutchison, British open 
champion, have been matched ta mect 


accomplished with friction nor are 
the results otherwise satisfactory if 
games produce enmities. ‘the 


John Black and MacDonald Smith, 


‘leading Pacific coast professionals, 


here Januery 22, i was : 


ATLANTA ATHLETIC CLUB WINS OVER SPARTANBURG 


ee 


INST MERCER 


tio 
¥ 


be ra Ss 


a 

ie 
ae 

: 


P 


¢ 
4 


* 


¢ company, 
’ his brother. 


ss they rode in it. 


_ sex. 


‘transcontinental 
+ ereens, the best time being four days, 
‘fourteen hours, 


* a world-wide 


*< STROMBERG GASOLINE 


- thoroughly filter gasoline, 


BAKED ENAMEL 


Is the only thing that will last on Fenders 


ae ee ey Le ORD ae BR oO ee a eee 
4 3 Sa eae Se as ae ee a bee — 
tiers — 7 Ces, a ce 
: > Seg r 4 or Se, a fest a 
"iy, : BOR TERM ee a pitta igh. “eka D 
a a er be eet a ie oe <3 : Fe 
% i. Pe 2 iad “ i ee ~ Se. Pc 
- " * - = aes x * = : » 
% 2 ag Sa ae ae pet 
CS ae B ‘a Ne 
49 
; aaa 
sS 
* $e ¥ 
pe 
¥ 
; 
. Lad 
| , 
i 
: 
¥ ext 
; 
4 
. 
A 


os FOR CITY 


S. B. Mellen, manager of the. serv- 


| + ice department of the Willard Storage 
~ + Battery branch here during 1920, and 


for three years, a territorial repre- 
oeuvre, has returned from Nashville 
_where he has held the Willard fran- 
“ehise far the past year. 

Mr. Mellen has secured~the Wil- 
lard franchise for Atlanta and will 
operate it under the name of Mel- 
len Battery company, using the same 
» location as when operated by the fac- 
tory. He states that he still holds 
fis interest in the Nashville Battery 
which will be operated by 
The Atlanta station will 
have the personal supervision of Mr. 
“Mellen. who plans improvement in 


“bervice whenever and wherever pos- 
Bible. 


“WHO COINED SLOGAN, 


“WATCH THE ESSEX” 


Back in the fall of 1918, when Hud- 
‘$0n distributors and dealers visited 
the factory in Detroit, they were 
taken aside and shown a new ear. 
“What is it?’ 


“is the Es- 


they all asked. 

“That.” was the reply, 
Watch it.” 
Soon the phrase became a slogan, 


, and when, in 1920, each dealer did 


something to prove Essex quality in 
in his own neighborhood, it was 
known as “Watch the Essex” week. 
Then came the Essex transcontinental 
record, when four Essex cars dashed 
across America, breaking all previous 
marks to  smith- 


forty-three minutes. 

All along the route went the word, 
“Watch the Essex.” People did. by 
the thousands, and so it has become 
slogan. 


FILTER INTRODUCED 


The Stromberg gasoline filter, re- 
cently announced to the southern mo- 
toring public, through The Constitu- 
‘ion, is meeting with an enthusiastic 
Leception, according to E. H. Baugh- 
man, manager of the Ozburn-Abston 
company, distributors for this terri- 
‘ory. According to Mr. Baughman, 


‘joany large orders have been “placed 
by garages and service stations. 


but 


the most envucuraging reception 
many of whom have already 
had their cars equipped with ‘them 
during the past week. 

The Stromberg filter is attached to 
the gasoline line. and is devised to 
so that for- 


selves, 


has | 
’ egme from automobile owners them- 


ic matter of ail inde’ 
out of the carburetor and 
iion chambers. 


Unique M eans Taken 
To Advertise Georgia 


At Montana Carnival 


A unique bit of Georgia advertising 
has just been effected through the 
co-operation of the Georgia association 
with the Atlanta Chamber of Com- 
merce, the Georgia Manufacturers’ as- 
sociation, the state department of agri- 
culture and the Exposition Cotton 
mills in furnishing cotton camples to 
a Great Falls, Mont., department 
store for a big two week’ s cotton car- 
nival to advertise cotton goods. 

An inquiry from the Paris Dry 
foods company, of Great Falls, to the 
Atlanta Chamber of Commerce was 
turned over to the Georgia association 
which in turn communicated with the 
Georgia Manufacturers’ association. 
P. E. Glenn, of the Exposition Cotton 
company, promptly responded by 
shipping various samples of cotton in 
various stages of manufacture into 
cloth, while J. D. Cochran, of Mari- 
etta, aatknaieel Commissioner of 
Agriculture Brown to take sample 
cotton stalks from his exhibit at_the 
state capitol to send to Great Falls 
to demonstrate not only the cotton 
producing and cotton manufacturing 
facilities of Georgid, but to demon- 
strate the public spirit of Georgia 
farmers and manufacturers and the 
efficiency of Georgia’s civic organiza- 
tions. 


EX-MEMBERS OF 82D 
DIVISION WILL MEET 


Members of the Atlanta FEighty- 
second Division association will meet 
Monday at 12:30 o’clock in the Pea- 
cock cafe for the discussion of the 
annual meeting of the assocition, 
which will be held during the latter 
part of this month. 

The proposition of holding a con- 
vention of all former Fighty-second 
men, who served during the world 
war, will also be discussed. The con- 
vention will be held sometime during 
this year and the most likely places 
are New York city, where most of 
the ex-members hail from, or Atlanta, 
where the division trained before leav- 
ing for France. 


JOHNNY BUFF GIVEN 
$30,000 GUARANTEE 


& 


These are great days for Johnny 
Buff, the two-ply fistic champ. He 
has signed a contract with Promoters 
Black and Mackey, of Newark, for a 
battle late in Janaury for a guaran- 
tee of $30,000. Buff must not fight 
after January 15, and his opponent 
must be named before that. date, in 
order for’ the eontract to be valid. 


and Hoods. 


straightening. 


Lullwater Bldg. 


Have these parts enameled when you 
have your car painted. 

That damaged fender can be made as 
good as new by having it enameled after 


H. A. Priebe Enameling Works 


123-127 W. aciiaias St. 


ms as 
° sf8% ~ —_ - = 2. a =. - 
a . mi “ae. tf y. . " oe 

wy " al BP ees weg " y Ry ry a he 
A of ae a oe 

‘ 4 : ; 

* 

» 


Savannah 


be > we: 


Savanna é 


> 


THE CONSTITUTION'S MAP AND LOG NO. 31 
Via Macon, Dublin, Swainsboro and ne 


This map and log was compiled especially to serve 
those who wish to reach intermediate points between 
Atlanta and Savannah, but after construction projects 
now under way, are completed it wil} afford the best and 
shortest route to Savannah. Atlanta to Macon roads are. 
good to excellent, Fulton, Spalding and Bibb counties 


being concrete. 


Macon to Savannah is fair to excellent 


dirt, except in Twiggs and Effingham counties, where con- 
struction work now under way will put in good condition. 
Fifteen miles of concrete will be found outside of Savan- 


nah. 


OTHER ROUTES 


. Savannah may more easily be reached 
at present via Macon, Sandersville, Louis- 
ville, Waynesboro and Sylvania, as shown 
in The Constitution’s map and log No. 30. 
Or via Madison to Milledgeville. This lat- 
ter route will be shown in a future Consti- 


tution map and log. 


a juan 

| Beast PONT 
Se td ” warEviisk 
a 
.% ” jonss ecko 


| CORRS pi 
L povevoy STA ‘ 


TAlshabetical 


ye 


Automotive Sales and Service 


List of Local 


Passenger Cars 


ae Cars 


Buick 


(WHOLESALE AND RETAIL) 
Buick Motor Co. 
(Atlanta Branch) 

241 Peachtree St. 
Phone Ivy 1480 


(RETAIL) 
John M. Smith Co. 
190-196 W. P’tree St. 
Phone Hemlock 496 


Decatur, Ga. 
Decatur Buick Co. 
Court House Square 
Phone Decatur 195 


den 


. Chalmers 


Jos. G. Blount Co. 
385 Peachtree St. 
Phone Ivy 4152 


Ford 


C. C. Baggs Auto Co. 
gs S. Pryor St. 
Phone Marin 640. 


Beaudry Motor Co. 
16g Marietta St. 
Phone Ivy 446 


; —_—_— 


A. L. Belle Isle 
380 Peachtree St. 
Phone Ivy 507 


David T. Bussey 
188 Peacktree St. 
Phone lvy 360 


James H. Prichard 
679-83 Whitehall St. 
Phone West 2100 


_. Gardner 


Brigman Motors Co. 
207-11 Ivy St. 
Phone Ivy 2246. 


LaFayette 


Southern Nash Motor Co. 


541 Peachtree St. 
Phone Hemlock 4660 


Maxwell 
Joseph G. Blount 
385 Peachtree St. 
Phone Ivy 4152 


Nash 


Southern Nash Mtr. Co. 
541 Peachtree St. 
Phone Hemlock g66o 


Oldsmobile 


Lamar Co., H. J. 
Atlanta Branch 

29-31 East North Ave. 
Phone Hemlock 4173 


Packard 


Packard Enterprises 
Of Georgia, Inc. 
414 Peachtree. Ivy 4932 


Paige— 
Paige Detroit Mtr. Car Co. 


Wholesale Branch 
471 Peachtree St. 


Motor Trucks 


fk ederai 


Brigman Motors Co. 
207-11 Ivy St. 
Phone Ivy 2246. 


Packard 


‘Packard Enterprises 
Of Geergia, inc. 


414 Peacheree, Ivy 4932 


{2-- = ie, 


“7 ae 
Adon » WiLtins., 
: —eraaasciaaes ’ 
bIEFFERSONVILLE - 


> * 


Set 


‘¥ <a soir ey, 7 


“This entire sone was mended and Se ceeaih by Consti- 
using The Constitution official 


tution representatives, 


Single Six Packard Pathfinder. 


It was driven with an 


average of nearly 30 miles per hour running time. 

This is probably a little faster than the average 
driver will care to make it, as the Single Six is above 
an average as a road Car. 
\s attained without sacrificing any of the comfort or per- 


aw formance, 
roads. 


\ 


yor a f. 
3 W's 
 oarenlt Ae Ag 
nner re 


* 


um / 
\ LAURENS : “eG 


N Foesyme sz 2 & 


Atlanta to Statesboro 
And Savannah Via 
Macon and Dublin 


Start opposite Constitution 
building, on left. Proceed south 
on Forsyth street. 
Junetion Forsyth and 
hall straight ahead on 
hall. 


Cross railroad and turn to left 
along tracks. 

Right onts Gordon street, 
block, then turn left onto 
street. 

Junction McDonotigh road 
right, keep to left along 
tracks and railroad past Fort 
McPherson and Camp Jesup to 
Kast Point. 

Take left fork. 

East Point, Ga. Cross railroad 
at depot and swing right along 
tracks. 

and 7.6 Cross 
tracks, 

7 Hapeville, Ga. Turn left across 
railroad and “swing right along 
tracks, 

Vaudelt, Ga. Cross railroad and 
follow tracks. 
Jester’s Old Mill. 
ahead, 
Turn right at railroad, 
through Jonesboro. 
Jonesboro, Ga., depot on left, 
Straight ahead. 
Straight ahead at Orr’s Station. 
Cross railroad bridge. 
Lovejoy, Ga., straight ahead. 
Hampton, Ga., straight ahead. 
Cross railroad and swing left 
along tracks. 
Entering Spalding 
concrete. 
Pomona, Ga 
Experiment 
ahead. 
Cross railroad. 
Cross rialroad spur track. 
Swing right on pavement, en- 
tering Griffin, Ga. 
Turn left (Dixie Highway sign). 
Cross railroad spur tracks. 
Turn right opposite depot, Grif- 
fin, Ga., at next corner, turn to 
the left. 
Griffin, Ga. Turn right at mar- 
ble shaft. 
Turn left (Dixie Highway and 
state route sign). 

Ga. 


Orchard Hill, 
ahead. 

End of concrete, straight ahead. 
Cross railroad. 

Milner, Ga. Straight ahead. 
Barnesville, Ga. Cross railroad 
and bear left, 
ahead through town, 

Collier, Ga. Straight ahead. 
Take right fork. 

Forsyth, Ga, Straight ahead. 
Take right fork. 

Smarrs, Ga. Straight ahead. 
Bolingbroke. Cross railroad. 
Cross railroad spur. 

Cross road. straight ahead. 
Loraine, Ga. Cross railroad, 
follow concrete, 

Take left at fork and follow car 


W hite- 
W hite- 


one 
Lee 


on 


railroad spur 


Straight 
straight 


county on 


Straight ahead. 
Station. Straight 


Straight 


line. 
Keep right fork with car line at 
Pendleton park. 
Swing left on Cotton avenue. 
».7 Turn right at street crossing. 
Macon, Ga. 
left, straight ahead. 
Terminal station, turn left, then 
swing left around curve in 
street, 
> Cross R. R. and pass under R. 
R. and ecmss river bridge. 
Swing richt, keep straight ahead 
on concrete. 
End of concrete road. under N. 
R. (NOTE: Road between this 
point and Jeffersonville being 
reconstructed as of December 
15, 1921. and slight variations 
may be found in log. 
Weep left at fork. 
Keep rieht at fork. 
Cross : 
Pry Brarch, Ga. 
ahead, avoiding R. R. 
7 Cross R. R. 
Cross R. R. at Winthrop sta- 
tion. 
Cross R. R. 
Straivht ahead at road junction 
on right. 
Crocs R. R. 
Fitmatrick. Ga. 
through and cross R. R. 
© Keen to left and eross R. R. 
9, 115.2 avd 115.9 Cross R. R. 
Turn left. 
Keen right at fork. 
Jeffercanv™le, Ga. Turn right, 
avoid R. R. crossing. 
ross roads. turn left. 
Keen to richt at fork. 
Danville, Ga. on 
straicht shead. 
Cence R. R. 
AVentown, Ga. Straicht ahead. 
Turn left. 
Crass R. R. at depot. 
Take eft fork. 
Cenee TR. R. 
Pinder, Ga., 
nhead., 


Straight 
crossing. 


Straight 


left, keep 


on right, straicht 


R Croee tords, straight ahead. 


153.3 Dublin, Ga. Jog right around 


ST £. 


1173.6 
car | 


2 
| 


| 247.5 
| 248.2 


| 264.4 


then straight | 266.8 Cross R. R. 


| 267.8 Marlow, Ga., cross and follow 


@92i 
Sy Of WILL OVEHE 1BY 


courthouse and keep straight 
ahead. 
153.9 Cross R. R. switch track. 
154.1 Cross R. Kk. 
bridge. 
155.5 ‘Take right fork. 
157.3 Cross roads, straight ahead. 
158.4 Cross R. R. 
159.1 Straight ahead at road junction 
on left. 
Take ‘right fork (left fork to 
Wrightsville. ) 
Seott, Ga., 
ahead. 
Take left fork. 
Cross Rh. R. 
Adrian, Ga., cross branch R. R. 
and follow main RK. R. 
Swing left away from KR. R. 
Turn right, and at flowing well, 
‘take right fork. 
Narrow R. Rh. 
Cross R. R. 
Irregular cross roads, straight 
ahead, 
Cross small bridge and take 
right fork. 
Swainsboro, Ga. At courthouse 
turn right one block, then turn 
left onto Main street. 
Under and cross ht. RK. 
on right. 
Cross roads, straight ahead. 
Straight ahead at road junction. 
Graymont, Ga., (twin city), 
cross R. K., straight ahead. 
Irregular cross roads, straight 
ahead. 
Take left fork. 
Turn right. 
Metter, Ga., on right, 
ahead. 
Cross Rh. R., 
Cross roads at cemetery. 
Keep right at fork, 
Take left fork. 
Cross R. R., village on left. 
Register, Ga., on right, straight 
ahead. 
Straight ahead at road junction 
on right. 
Cross R. R. 
Statesboro, Ga., at court house, 
turn right onto Main street. 
Kast. 
Cross R. R. at depot on left. 
Take right fork, 
Turn left. 
Cross R. R. 
Cross R. R. 
Take left fork. 
249.2 Cross bridge. 
251.8 Stilson, Ga., keep to right. 
256.0 Take left fork. 
259.1 Hubert Ga., cross R. R. 
260.8 Ivanhoe, Ga. 
262.7 Cross river bridge. 
Take right Sork. 
266.0 Cross log K. R. track. 
266.4 Bear right along R. RK. 
266.6. Pineora, Ga., straight ahead. 
spur track, 


160.3 


168.4 on left, straight 
168.9 
169.6 


173.3 
173.6 


175.8 underpass. 
178.4 
180.0 


180.3 
191.5 


191.7 at depot 
197.4 
201.4 
202.: 


206.7 


207.4 
216.6 
216.8 straight 
218.4 
219.7 
220.0 
220.4 
223.0 
227.5 


229.2 
237.1 
237.7 


237.9 
244.3 
246.4 
246.8 


R. ht. 


(278.0 Straight ahead on concrete to 


Hotel Dempsey on 
| 293.1 Hlotel Savannah on right, Hotel 


Savannah. 

283.0 Pooler, Ga., straight ahead. 

283.9 Cross R. R. 

289.0, 289.2, 290.2, 290.5, 2.90.8, 291.1, 
291.2, 291.4 and 291.7. Cross 
R. R.s. 

292.3 At Central of Georgia depot, jog 
left across West Broad onto 
Liberty street. (North and 
south traffic has right of way.) 

292.7 Liberty and Bull streets, at De 
Soto hotel, turn left onto Bull 
street. Keep straight ahead on 
Bull street, keeping to right 
around parks in center of street. 


Ilicks on left. 
293.2 City Hall, Bull any Bay streets. 


Savannah to Atlanta 
Via Dublin and Macon 


Start city hall Savannah, Ga. 
Proceed south on Bull street, 
keeping to right around parks. 
Bull and Congress street, Sa- 
vannah hotel on left, Hicks ho- 
tel on right. Straight ahead. 
Bull and Liberty streets. Turn 
nent on Liberty (DeSoto ho- 
tel). 

Liberty and West Broad streets, 
jog left across West Broad 
street at Central depot and 
parallel R. R. 

t. R. depot on left, 
ahead. 

2.0, 2.1, 2.4, 2.7, 3.0, 4.0, 4.1, 
9.3. Cross R. R. 

Pooler, Ga. Straight ahead. 
End concrete. 

Take right fork. 

eS es Ga. Cross and follow 


Cross R. R. spur. 

Pineora, Ga. Straight ahead. 
Turn left, leaving I. R. (follow 
state route No. 26, signs). 
Cross log train tracks. 
Cross steel bridge. 
Ivanhoe, Ga.. Straight ahead. 
Hubert, Ga. Cross R, 

Swing right at road intersec- 
tions. 

Stilson, Ga. Keep to the left. 
Cross road. 
Cross bridge and 
forks 

Cross R. R. 
Straight ahead -(right) at fork. 
Cross R. 

Village. Turn ret. See sign. 
Statesboro, Ga. Cross R. R. at 


00.0 


0.1 


0.5 


0.9 


straight 


. 


take right 


/ 
. Ben 


Oo, 
AVEL s, 
/’ EMAN \ J “euLhoc,, “A 


spur and rivery 


i 


95.9 
101.4 


101.6 


104.8 
112.9 


113.2 


114.8 
117.4 
119.4 
119.6 


119.9 


122.0 
i22.2 
123.6 
124.8 


131.2 
132.9 
134.8 
135.9 
138.9 
138.1 
139.7 


140.0 
141.2 
143.6 
145.1 
146.9 


150.0 


150.5 
151.8 
153 0 
154.2 
155.3 
155.5 
160.4 
1161.2 
| 161.9 


163.3 


169.7 
173.5 


174.8 
177.3 
1783 
179.3 
180.9 
181.1 

181.4 
182.4 
183.9 
184.8 


186.2 
186.5 
187.6 


188.1 
191.1 


193.8 
196.0 
196.2 
196.6 


196.7 
196.8 
197.1 
197.3 


197.5 
197.6 
198.3 


Its short-whee] base, which 


makes it an ideal car for driving all kinds of 


on, 
bs, 

a . Pie 
X 


STATES BoRo 


straight ahead 


depot on right, 
court- 


on Main street east to 

house. 

Turn left on Main street, south. 

Cross R. R. and take right fork. 

Straight ahead at road junction 

on left. 

Register, Ga,. on right, straight 

abead. 

Cross R. R., village on right. 

Cross road at cemetery. 

Cross R. R. 

Straight ahead (right) at fork. 

Metter, Ga., on left, straight 

ahead. 

Turn right, 

No. 26 (also 

mont’), 

Keep left at fork. 

Keep left at fork. 

Keep right at fork. 

Straight ahead at angular cross 

roads. 

Graymont, Ga. Cross R. R., 

straight ahead. 

Cross roads. 

Under R .R. and cross R. R.,, 

depot of left. 

Swainsboro, Ga. Turn right on 

Main street one block, then turn 

left at courthouse. 

Keep left at fork. 

Cross small bridge 

right fork. 

Straight ahead 

cross roads. 

Cross R. R. 

Narrow R. R. underpass. 

Turn left two corners. 

Swing right along R. Rs 

Adrian, Ga. Cruss R. R. branch 

line at depot on left, follow main 
. line. 

Take reft fork. 

Take right fork at church. 

Cross R 

Scott, Ga. Turn right, straight 

ahead. 

Take left fork. 

Swing left at road junction, 

Cross R. R. 

Cross road. 

Cross bridge. 

and .3 Cross R. R. switch. 

Dublin, Ga. Jog right half block 

around courthouse. 

Take right fork. 

Take right fork. 

Take left fork. 

Take left fork. 

Cross roads. 


pemey, Ga., on left, 

ane 

Straight ahead (left) at fork. 
‘ross R. 

Keep right at fork. 

Swing right. 

Mountroe, dpeot, cross R. R. 

Turn right. 

Allentown, Ga., straight ahead. 

Take left fork and cross k. kt. 

Danville, Ga., on right, straight 

ahead. 

Keep right at fork. 

Cross roads, turn right. 

Jeffersonville, Ga. ‘Turn left. 

Do not cross R. KR. 

Turn right at road junction. 

Cross R. 

and .6 Cross R, R. 

Cross R. R. at village. 

Cross R. R. 

Fitzpatrick, Ga., straight ahead. 

Cross R. 

Cross R. R. and take left fork. 

Take Jeft fork. 

Take center road. 


Winthrop, Ga., cross R. K. 

Cross R. R. 

Dry Branch, Ga., straight ahead, 

avoiding R. RK. crossing. 

Cross R. R. 

Straight ahead past mill pond 

on right. 

Under RK. R. onto concrete. 

Straight ahead along car tracks. 

Swing leit. 

Cross river bridge and keep to 

right of car tracks, 

Under and cross R. K. 

Cirele right around building. 

Turn right at Terminal station. 

Macon, Ga. Hotel Dempsey on 

right, straight ahead. 

Turn left onto Cotton avenue. 

Swing right on Poplar street. 

Straight ahead past Pendelton 

park on right. 

Loraine. Ga. Cross R. R. and 

bear left along R. KR. on left. 

Cross spur R. KR. tracks. 

Bolingbroke, Ga., cross KR. KR. 

Smarrs, Ga., straight ahead. 

Forsyth, Ga., straight ahead. 

Colliers, Ga. straizht ahead. 

Barnesville, Ga., cross railroad, 

bear right. 

Milner, Ga., straight ahead. 

Cross railroad. 

Straight ahead onto concrete. 

Orchard Hill, Ga., straight 

ahead on concrete. 

Turn right into Griffin. 

Griffin, Ga., turn left at mar- 

ble shaft, at next corner, turn 

right to depot and turn left, 

then straight ahead across two 

epur tracks. 

porn. right (Dixie Highway 
sign 

Incline left and_etfaicht ahead 

to end of 


follow state route 
sign “To Gray- 


and take 


at irregular 


straight 


i ‘MN TRACED 


“It is hard to believe that the name 
‘Limousine’ comes from the head- 
. covering of a French peasant pr 
‘yet this is the absolute case,” says J 
'{. Handley, president of the Handley- 
| Knight company, Kalamazoo, Mish. 
| “It appears that the limousine was 
the headcovering of ‘the womenfolk of 
the region about Limoges, France, 
which was the cipital of the old prov- 
ince of Limousine. The peasant wom- 
en here wear a sort of coil, or hood, 
with a cape attached. This became 
known as a limousine, because the 
women of Limoges wore it. Later, the 
women themselves were called limou- 
Sines, and when the French brought 
out a sort of campaign wagon for their 
armies, much like our prairie schooner, 
this was named a limousine, because, 
ike the women of Limousine; it was 
covered with a hood. When the 
French began to build automobiles cov- 
ered with a hood, they were quickly 
named ‘limousine,’ after the peasant 
woman’s coif. Other names in the 
vocabulary of an automobile have 
equally¥\interesting antecedents. Sedan 
is named after the village in north- 
east France of the same name, where 
occurred the debacle of Napoleon Il]. | 
in 1870. The factories in this town 
were famous for the chairs whicb | 
they turned out. The chairs of those 
days were the ancestor of the modern 
taxicab. Chairs were necessary be- 
cause in the ancient parts of Landon 
and Paris the streets were narrow and 
the twistings and turnings many. A 
horse and carriage simply could not 
get through. Instead of calling a taxi 
you called a chair, which with its 
helpers soon came along, and you were 
quickly whisked away to wherever you 
wanted to go. The chairs built at Se- 
dan were s? luxurious and comfortable 
that thev became the favorites of roy- 
alty, and soon the name ‘Sedan’ 
was used to denote all hhich-class 


j Frank Kempton, V. C.; 


chairs. When a new tyne of closed 
car was doveloped, and a fitting name 
was desired for it, sedan was chosen, 
48 a name. denoting the highest type 
of closed car luxury. 


ADOLPH BRANDT LODGE 
TO INSTALL OFFICERS 


Dr. Samuel Stampa will be instailed 
as chancellor ser ~ gg of Adolph 
Brandt lodge, No.’ Knights of 
Pythias, Monday night. B. F. Darden, 
district deputy grand chancellor for 
Atlanta K. of P. lodges, will preside 
Other officers to be installed § are 
John Harri- 
. Foote, M. of W.; A. 
.: B. F. Darden, K 
of R. and 8S. and M. F.; Paul Theos, 
M. at A.; Russel] H. Huey, ey 
L. Harrison, O. : Charles F. Rice, 
trustee, and C. N. Waitt, organist. 


son, P.: J. 
Holzman, M,. of E 


ahead through Experiment and 
Pomona. 

259.6 End concrete, straight ahead. 
262.1 Cross railroad. 

262.2 Hampton, Ga., straight ahead. 
267.1 Lovejoy, Ga., straight ahead, 
on best road. 

268.5 Cross railroad bridge. 


270.3 Orr’s Station, straight ahead. 
273.8 Jonesboro, Ga., station on right, 
straight ahead. 

Turn left (road straight ahead 
also to Atlanta, but not good.) 
Cross railroad at station. 
Hapeville, Ga., depot on left, 
straight ahead at end of road: 
turn right onto Stewart avenue. 
Follow concrete. 

Cross Lakewood avenue, (tour- 
ist camp to right at Lakewood.) 
At end of street turn right onto 
Whitehall street. 

Take left fork onto Forsyth 
street. 

Constitution building on right, 
at Alabama and Forsyth streets, 
(Ask for free maps and logs to 
any point out of Atlanta. 


274.3 


282.7 
284.2 


287.7 
288.8 
289.5 
290.2 


| 
| 


DO 


r 
ol iy? 
cR des 


T O REWARD M EI N 
FOR LONG SERVICE 


For the purpose of providing finan- 
cial assistance for employees who, be- 
cause of age or disability, are unable 
to continue in active work, and whose 
service with the company justifies its 
help, the Georgia Railway and Power 
company has announced a = of serv- 
ice annuities, effective January Il, 
1922. 


The plan, divided into four classes 
as to beneficiaries, is as follows: 

Class “A” includes those employees 
continuously in the service of the com- 
pany tor 30 years or more who have 
reached the age of 60. Men in this 
class are automatically placed on the 
retired list, and will receive yearly a 
sum equal to 30 per cent of their earn- 
ings for the twelve months just pre- 
ceding their retirement. 

The class “B” clause provides that 
employees continuously in the service 
for 25 years, upon reaching the age 
of 60, snail receive a yearly stipend 
equal to 271-2 per cent of earnings 
for the last twelve months of service. 
For twenty years’ service, 25 per cent 
of a year’s earnings on the same plan 
is stipulated, this forming class “C.” 
The fourth class, “D,” provides that 
any employee in the service of the 
company for fifteen years. who he- 
comes totally d'sab’ed for any reason. 
other than self-inflicted. or by injury 
arising in the course of employment, 
shall he retired by the company. 


per cent of his earnings for the last 
| twelve months preceding retirement. 


ATLANTA RETAIL 
FOOD DEALERS 
INSTALL HEADS 


Fs ee 
e 
“ 7 pie 


~—sogpeen gps. © a 
Lae 
' 


: 


SHOWS GRE 


Work for 1921 Summar- 

‘ized in State Health De- 
partment Report— Plan 
Crusade on Diphtheria. 


Rapid progress in rural sanitation 
in Georgia was made during the year 
1921 us compared with the previous 

| year, according to a summary -of the 

work prepared by Dr. Marvin F. 
Haygood, director fo rural sanitation, 
made public Saturday by Dr. Joseph 
P. Bowdoin, of the state health de- 
partment. The report was one of a 
series of reports of the work of the 
health department assembled under 
the direciion of Dr. Bowdoin. 


and | | toxin injections to 
shall receive yearly a sum equal to 25 | 


One of the most important werks 
to be undertaken during the present 
year is in connection with the mak- 
ing of Schick tests in diphtheria and 
the application of toxin and anti- 
prevent this dis- 
eases to as great an extent as pos- 
sible. The diphtheria work will be 
done in all_.counties in Georgia which 
have full-time county health offi- 
cers. 

The Schick test is made for the 
purpose of determining the suscepti- 
bility of an individual to diphtheria. 
If one is found «not to be protected 
three injections of a mixture of toxin 
and antitoxin (‘T. A. mixture) will 


om 8 Ock, newly-elected pres- 
ident of the Atlanta Retail Food Deal- 
ers’ association, will be installed at 
the annual meeting of the associa- 
tion Tuesday night at S o’clock in 
the Chamber of Commerce building. 
The other 1922 officers who will be 
installed are George A. McGaughey, 
first vice president; M. Weinberg, 
second vice president; Frank Maloney, 
third vice president; W. <A. Akin, 
treasurer, and R. V. Bergen, re-elect- 
eq secretary. | 

be thirty members the 1922 | 
board of directors will be elected | 
Tuesday night, and reports of work | 
done during 1921 will be made. Plans | 
for 1922 will be discussed and it is. 
probable that the proposed municipal | 
market for Atlanta will come up for 
discussion. 


ot 


| 

Program of Baptist | 
Bible Conference 

Is Now Completed 


Rev. J. W. Ham, of the Baptist! 
Tabernacle, announced Saturday that! 
the program of the twenty-first annua! 
Bible conference, which will be held) 
at the Baptist Tabernacle from March 
2 to 12, is complete. The conference 
will not be a business meeting, but 
will deal solely with Biblical themes. 
Some of the geratest Biblical authori- 
ties in the world will attend and de | 
liver addresses, and lunch will be * 
served during the meeting days by la-| 
dies of the church. Music at the con- 
ference will be under the leadership) 
of D. L. Spooner. 

Among prominent speakers at the 
conference will be Dr. Griffith Thom 
as, formerly of London, England, now 
associate editor of The Sunday Schoo] 
Times, who is known as one of the 
leading religious thinkers in the world. 
He will speak daily. Others will be 
Dr. E. Y. Mullins, president of the 
Southern Baptist convention; Dr. 
Cortland Myers, for twelve years pas- 
tor of Tremont temple, Boston; Dr. A 
T. Robertson, well-known Greek schol- 
ar; Dr. Jasper C. Massee, pastor of the 
temple at Brooklyn, and Dr. Curtis 


| Sanitary 
| Doses 


Lee Laws, editor of The W atchman 
Examiner, of New York city. 


establish immunity probably for life. 
Much work of this kind is planned 
for the new year, as well as increased 
efforts to control typhoid fever, hook- 
worm, dysentery, measles, searlet fe- 
ver and other communicable diseases. 

Following is the summary of the 
work of the department of rural san- 


_itation as made public by Dr. Bow- 


doin: 
1921. 
1,680 
20, 664 
102,372 
6.840 
52,784 
10,000 
29,060 
3,000 
8,406 
3,822 
7.000 


Lectures given 

Letters sent out........ 

V’cs. lit’ure distrbuted.. 

Visits made 

Inspections made 

Children examined .... 

Defects found 

Defects corrected 

Specimens examined ... 
Hicokworm treat’s given 
privies instal’d 

typhoid vaccine 

33,074 

19,510 

S72 


41) 007 
3,763 
Hh, 608 
3,384 
1,710 


93,048 
20.070 
765 


given 
Other vaccinations given 
Newspaper articles pub, 


| Units diphtheria antitox- 


Geseeses — 000 4,401,000 


1.000 


in issued free 
Schick tests 


PLAN TO IMPROVE 
GROUNDS AT POOL 
IN OAKLAND CITY 


Plans for improving the park near 
the Oakland City swimming pool were 
outlined at a meeting of the Oakland 
City Community club held at the 
school auditorium on Avon street 
Friday night. It is planned to widen 
the street leading from Lee street 
to the swimming pool and to make 
other improvements.. The street now 
used as an approach to the pool ‘is 
little more than an alley. ‘There is 
not a good road to the pool from 
any other direction and it is be- 
lieved when the narrow street is 
widened and improved the swimming 
pool will become more popular than 
ever, 

Nelson T. Spratt. president of the 
club, presided at the meeting. Sev- 
eral important committee reports were 
read. After a business session a shori 
entertainment program was carried 
out under the direction of Mrs. Con- 
nie Upechureh, chairman of the en- 
tertainment committee. 


ae — 


DOO OO OE 8S FOES ee OE an a es 
* * 


@ 


Dons6é BROTHERS 
Sedan 


_— J - - 
ORORRARAT ADI CH eg abateretetined eatiaee j 


* = eee 


“~~ 


sae NEE Ne tagh lM SET Rad on Sree A @ get wee tem ow 


A dood name 


170 W. Peachtree St. Hémlock 1165 


BLACK & MAFFETT 


d 


F 


: ; ail 
Report, Completed Satur- 
day by Nym Hurt Shows 


the €pring Street Work 
Cost $190,058.90. 


A general summary of the road 
work done by Fuiton county in the 
county, inclding work in the city 
of Atianta, which was completed Sat- 
urday by Nym Hurt, associated with 
A. A. Clarke, superintendent of pub- 
lic works, shows that 1,272,199.49 
was spent during 1921. New roads 
amounting to 16 miles were graded 
during that period. 

The report shows that the Spring 
street improvements which consist of 
regrading, widening and paving the 
street from Marietta street to North 
avenue, cost $190,055.90. Outside of 
the concrete work on Spring sfreet 
the county laid 7.9 miles of concrete 
at a cost of $29.221.52 per mile or 
a total of S230,S50. 

Ten miles of asphalt binder was 
put down at a cost of $221,324.95 or 
$22,132.49 per mile. It cost the coun- 
ty $5,312.50 per mile to resurface 
and penetrate 12.8 miles, the total cost 
being $68,000. 

Roads and streets amounting to 
‘92.7 miles in length were repaired 
and oiled, which cost $101,780 or $I,- 
400 per mile. Nine and three-fourths 
miles were top soiled at a cost of 
$11.450 or $1,740.36 per mile. 

The report shows new roads grad- 
ed. 16.11 miles, at $6,944 per mile, 


total $111,867.85. Dirt roads reshaped, | 


74.25 miles, at $200 per mile; total 
$14,850. 

Thirty-five thousand fifty-sev- 
en yards of guttering were put down 
during the year at a cost of $21,- 
29850 and culverts and drains at a 
cost of $18.430. 

The construction of bridges amount- 

to $118,234.75; general road re- 
pairs were $107,235: Os, while miscel- 
janeous expenditures were $56,890, 
making a total of $1,272,199.49. 

The report shows that the road pro- 
gram completed last year was one 
of the largest in the history of the 
country and in keeping with the 
growth of the county. 


MISSING BANK CASHIER 
TRACED BY AUTOMOBILE 


ed 


St. Louis, Janudry 7.—A. E. Mein- 
inger, missing cashier of the Night and 
Day bank here, which closed its doors 
yesterday, due to an apparent shortage 
of $260,000, was ‘seen in St. Charles 
between Wednesday morning and 
Thursday afternoon, according to Dep- 
uty Sheriff Brothe. An automobile 
abandoned by NMeininger at that place 
is being held. Deputy Grothe an- 
nounced, 

A statement by J. G. Hughes, state 
director of finance, who took charge, 
was that he believed the $150,000 cap- 
ital and &94,000 surplus of the bank 
wus wiped out, 


W. S. M. Says: 


‘“‘I stick out my chest 
and feel proud every 
time I sell a Willard 
Threaded Rubber Bat- 
tery because 185 man- 
ufacturers of cars and 
trucks have decided on 
Threaded Rubber In-' 
sulation as standard 
equipment for their 
product. They know 
that Threaded Rubber 
Insulation lasts the life 
of the plates and 
doesn’t have to be re- 


newed.’’ 
Willard Service Man 


Buy the battery that 185 
car and truck builders have 
selected as standard—The 
Willard Threaded Rubber 
Battery. 


Mellen Battery Co. 
239 Ivy Street 


Corner Ivy and Baker 
Phone Ivy 2120 


This trademark, stamped in red 
on the case, identifies the Willard 
Threaded Rubber Battery. 


a. 


a 
Willard 


7 ; Noa! 7h bis a ag 
a x * .* 3 : 
SORA aie ae > rR re aa as ey ee i ee 
5? CPR ate ag . * - il . . bk “a we) 2 ; . 3 
oy : nat s .’ - = e ¥ . 4 Pm 


ICKSONVILLE RACE 


ibe “set” in fine shape’ said Moran. 


| fered. 


Of New Year Goes 
To Selden Branch 


M. T. LaHatte, district manager 
for Selden, claims the distinction of 
having made the first motor vehicle 
sale of the new year. Mr. LaHatte 
states that he opened their branch 
here at 8:15 o’clock Monday morning, 


January 2, and that at 8:30 o'clock 
he had a signed order for a 114-ton 
Selden truck—and a cashwale at that. 

The sale was made to H. C. Me- 
Cord, of Dublin, Ga., for the city of 
Dublin. Mr. McCord was waiting at 
the Selden branch when Mr. La- 
Hatte errived, on the first work day 
in the new year. In a few hours 
he was on his way driving the new 
truck to Dublin. 

However, this sale was by mo means 
a plum placed in the hands of Mr. 
LaHatte, simply because so many of 
his friends had wished him a pros- 
perous new year. Nor just because 
the city of Dublin needed a truck. 
The sale came after the Selden had 
been demonstrated to city officials 
several weeks previous, by a member 
of the Selden sales organization here. 


RIVERS AND HARBORS 
CONVENTION IN MARCH 


Washington, January 7.—Announce- 
ment that the annual convention of \ 
the National Rivers and Harbors con- 
gress would be held here March 1 and 
2 was made today at local headquar- 
ters of the organization, the meeting 
having been postponed from the usual 
date in December because of the arms 
conference. The congress has fixed for 
its convention the two days preceding 
the meeting here of the National Mer- 
chant Marine association, it was said, 
in order to facilitate attendance at 
both by those in the activities of the 
two organizations, 


TWO NEW SCHOOLS 
FOR LEE COUNTY 


Leesburg. Ga., January 7.—(Spe- 
cial.)\—When the two new school 
buildings now being constructed in 
Leesburg and Smithville are com- 
plered, the school children of Lee 
county will in the main be housed 
in two of the most comfortable and 
thoroughly equipped school buildings 
in Georgia. 

The contractor recently stated that 
the buildings will be ready for occu- 
janecy about February 1. Most of 
the white school children of Lee will 
enjoy the advantages afforded by 
these buildings, for under the con- 
solidation vf rural with town schools 
the large majority of the school chil- 
dren of the county attend one or the 
other of these schools. 


MORAN WOULD LIKE 
TO LAND PITCHER 


Pat Moran, 


manager of the Cin- 
cinnati Reds is anxious to land a 
pitcher for next season. “With one 
more first-class hurler the Reds will 


Tl » Redville pilot made a courle of 
overtures to Barney Dreyfus for 
Pitcher Wilbur Cooper, but Dreyfus 
could not see the players Moran of- 


WE SELL FORD CARS 


A. L. BELLE ISLE — IVY 507 


WALTHAM 


SPEEDOMETERS 


eed er 


HUBODOMETERS 
OFFICIAL SERVICE 


MANUFACTURER’S 


| sweepstakes, a 


SERVICE CO. 


31 E. North Ave., Atlanta, Ga. 


Harry Cully, sporting editor of The 
Jacksonville Times-Union, has the fol- 
lowing account of Cecil Loeb and his 
Chevrolet, in the races recently staged 
there under tbe joint auspices of the 
Jacksonville Motor Racing. associa- 
tion and the Jacksonviile Driving 
club. 

“Cecil Leeb proved the star driver 
of the afternoon, piloting J. C. Jack- 
son’s speedy little Chevrolet No. 9 
home in front :n the five-mile light 
car race, and also in the Flori 
ten-mile, speedway 
style, free-for-ail event. Loeb proved 
a capable and :iaring driver, and he 
uneorked bursts of speed which 
clearly demonstratea that the Chev- 
:olet No. 9 can hold her own in any 
company. She responded beautifully 
to the. slightest pressure on the 
throttle, and Cecil brought her 
around in easy and graceful style. 

.“In addition to capturing first place 
in both races in which he was en- 
tered, Loeb also negotiated the half- 
mile track in 32 3-5 seconds in the 
time trials, the best time of the aft- 
ernoon. Loeb’s point score was 200.” 


BRUNSWICK CLUB 


PLANs YEAR’S PROGRAM | 


; 
; 


Brunswick, Ga., January 7.—(Spe- 
cial.)—The Young Men’s club has 
elected the following officers to serve 
during the ensuing term of six 
months: Chairman, J. E. Lambright: 
first vice chairman, C. W. Irwin; 
second vice chairman, F. C. Butts; 
R. A. Gould, secretary ; William Dun- 
wody, treasurer. 

This organization is arranging a 
campaign for 1922 which wil] keep 
the members busy. There is a num- 
ber ‘of projects now under way, the 
most important being the fight for 
the state port terminals. While this 
matter is being Handled entirely by 
the city commissioners, both the 
Young Men’s club and the board of 
trade are rendering valuable assist- 
ance. The St. Simon bridge matter 
is yet to be carried through, although 
a county bond election having been 
successfully carried a few months ago 
it will be necessary for a city bond 
election to be held before work can 
start on the bridge, and this cam- 
paign, started several months ago, 
will be conducted by the same com- 
mittees. 


EX-SUPERINTENDENT 
ON TRIAL WEDNESDAY 


Orangeburg, S. C.,Wanuary 7.—The 
case of Claude Rast, former superin- 
tendent of education of Orangeburg 
county, charged with an attempted at- 
tack on a 16-year-old pupil about a 
year before he became superintendent, 
will be called for trial here Wednes- 
day, it was larned today. Rast re- 
signed his office as superintendenr 


when the charges were made public! 


last summer and announced he would | 
vindicate his name, Indictments 
charging forgery and misapplication 
of funds while superintendent later 
were returned against him. 


SMALL CASE HEARING 
POSTPONED FOR WEEK 


Waukegan, Ill. January 7.—(By the 
Associated Press.) —Hearings on mo- 
tions of the defense for separate trials 
for Governor Len Small and Vernon 
Curtis, charged with conspiracy to de- 
fraud the state, was continued by 


Judge Claire C. Edwards today for 
one week, 


The defense asked the delay to give 
more time to study the bill of particu- 
‘ars, filed Thursday by the state. 

Edward Pree, assistant state’s attor- 
ney of Sangamon county, said the state 
would interpose no objection. 


Louisville Election. 


Louisville, Ga., January 7.—(Spe- 
cial.)—In the municipal election to- 
day, Robert L. Bethea was re-elected 
mayor for his eighth consecutive term 
without opposition. Captain J. H. 
Polhill, J. R. Murphy, W. G. S. 
Rowe, James W. Clark and William 


| M. Whigham were re-elected council- 


men, 


AUTOMOBILE PAINTING 


SEAT COVERS--TOPS RECOVERED 
High Grade Work---Prices Reasonable 
JOHN M. SMITH CO, SHOPS 


120-122-124 Auburn Avenue 
OUR SHOPS ARE THE STANDARD OF THE SOUTH 


125 S. Pryor St. 


Auto Parts, Radiators, Bumpers, Reflectors, Etc. 


NICKEL PLATED 


SIMMONS PLATING WORKS 


Established 31 Years 
Phone Main 1147 


Brass Beds— 
—Silverware 


Re-plated and 
Made New 


Atlanta, Ga. 


Storage 


Battcrics 


GUARANTEED ONE YEAR 


Fits 


6 Volt 11 Plate ( 
6 Volt 13 Plate 
12 Volt 7 Plate 


Chandler, 


Fords, 
Overlands, Hup, 


Fits Buick, Hudson, 


Fits Dodge, 
well, Etc. 


Chevrolets, 
Be. 


)i o.00s AGO 
)i ces ee 
) o cee st See 


Etc. 
Max- 


We Repair and Recharge All Make Batteries 


Moore Storage Battery Co. 


MANUFACTURERS OF 
MORE-LIGHT STORAGE BATTERIES 


150 IVY ST. 


IVY 1287 


‘the new hich school building he could 


‘was under indictment for murder and 


aie Me eas, get OR «ae 
PRAIA URIS FB 
— 


Th 


BY COLONEL JEFFERSON S. MILLS. 


soe eae he EY 
OY gle = y a, 
._ ae 4 “> PAS BINS. 
» : fj : ? 
=e A ees Peis — ie e 


SRR A OB RE FE TT CAH OP TL ATR 


Decatur, Ga., January 7.—(Spe- 
cial.) —City Manager P. P. Piicner 
on.ght released for publication his 
annual report to the. commissioners 
of Vecatur, which, on the whole, indi- 
cates progress and prosperity in city 
affairs. 

‘The city manager sounded. a new 
uote in city government in attaching 
full significance to publicity in regard 
to his administration, which, in con- 
cert with the vommissioners, he has 
attempted for. tae purpose of enlight- 
ening the public by giving all infor- 
mation possible. 

He also stressed the need of a mod- 
ern hotel of the apartment or residen- 
tial type, which, in his opinion, would 
be of xreat help'in the proper develop- 
ment of Decatur. 

He recommended the acquisition for 
park purposes ail land not needed for 
railroad purposes lying between the 
Georgia railroad and the Georgia Rail- 
wavy and Power company’s North De- 
‘atur car line, which matter already | 
had been urged in a resolution drawn 
by Commission-r R. E. White. and 
unanimously adopted by the city com- 
missioners. 

He also recommended the establish- 
ment of a municipal ice and electric 
plant. 

Department of Law.—Through a 
verdict in court preventing the Geor- 
gia Railway and Power company from 
raising the 5-cent fare on the North 
Decatur car line, Judge Frank Har- 
well, city attorney, estimates that 
more than $20000 has already been 
saved to citizéns of Decatur. In the 
conduct of this fight in the courts 
Judge Harwell was assisted by J. 
Jowell Green. However, the opinion 
is expressed that the power company 
will take the matter into the United 
States supreme court. 

A check for $4,953.18 was reported 
as having been received by the city 
manager from a bond company, this 
being before the appointment of the 
law director, to cover the shortage 
alleged in the Ehle case. 

Department of Safety and Welfare 
—This department includes police and 
fire protection. W. W. Hazelrigs, po- 
lice chief, and L. B. Milam, acting 
fire chief, 

Police statistics for 1921 show? 
State cases, 14 arrests: town cases, 
163 arrests: Disposition: State cases, 
d prosecuted, 3 dismissed, 6 continued: 
town cases, 370 fined, 84 dismissed, 8 
remitted, 4 suspended. Fines: State 
cases, $300; town cases, $5,758.75. 
Sentences: State cases, 14 years, 6 
months; town cases, 3 months. 

Fire Department  Statistics—‘“‘As 
organized at the present time,” says 
the report, “our fire-fighting organi- 
zation seems to be giving better pro- 
tection than.under previous arrange- 
ments. . . . Before reorganiza- 
tion, 27 alarms, fire losses $48,225; 
since 40 alarms, fire losses, $16,- 
241. (Full parallel statistics for 
1920 are not available.)” 

W elfare—Following shows some rbe- 
reational work: Tennis“court on West 
Howard avenue, one on Fifth avenue, 
playground at Second avenue on East 
Lake drive, and also on Ponce de Leon 
and Barry street, all these being in. 
dependent efforts of citizens. 

The manager here takes occasion to 
venture the suggestion that a chamber 
of commerce’ would be a great help 
in developing Decatur. 

Sanitary—The .1922 program and 
nudget should provide adequate street 
cleaning. 

Street Lighting—Several additional 
lights have been ordered, but more are 
needed. 

Department of Health—Dr. J. F, 
Pittman, director, reports 168 vacci- 
nations and 649 typhoid inoculations 
and 36 free treatments. The director 
provides a rigorous schedule for 1922, 
dealing with control of. contagious dis- 
eases, supervision of water supply, 
inspection of dairies, tuberculosis tests, 
supervision of milk analyses, supervis- 
ion of food supply, contro! of nuie 
sances, publicity, health and education. 

Water Supply—Water and fire mains 
have been laid in the Poplar Springs 
section and paid for with money pro- 
vided in bond issue. A second 8-inch 
supply main has been laid from the 
waterworks to the northern side of 
the courthouse square at a cost of! 
$14,500. The water supply is from 
sources ample to provide larger de- 
mands, and already work is well under 
way to provide 4,500,000 gallons sur: 
plus, a necessary precaution, the town 
having three times during 1921 reached 
a dangerously low limit of supply. Re- 
cently also the waterworks dam was 
found to be in danger of giving away, 
but this has now been rendered safe. 

Additional water mains and fire hy- 
drants are badly needed, but cannot 
be paid for out of present earnings. 

Meters restored, about 300; meters 
installed, 208; tested, 17. 

The manager concludes an exhaust- 
ive survey with the statement that 
the water department cannot be prop- 
erly operated and extended with the 
present rate of water charges to users, 
and states further that he docs not 
know of any town in Georgia of De- 
catur’s size that can afford to sell 
water at Decatur’s price. 

Engineering and Construction.—L. 
T. Y. Nash, commissioner of roads and 
revenues for DeKalb county, set aside 
an appropriation of $10,000 out of the 
county’s bond issue to cover the town’s 
part of the cost of construction of the 
new paving on Sycamore street, which 
-§ part of the Stone Mountain road. 

Adair street has been paved with 
cinders and opened through the Druid 
Hills section to Ponce de Leon ave- 
nue, resulting in convenience to citi- 
gens of that section and providing 
better fire protection by a shorter 
route for fire fighting apparatus to 
residences in that vicinity. 

Building permits—Buildings, new, 
34; cost, $563,000; repaired, 34; 
cost, $40,830; total items of construc- 
tion, 188. The total cost of items in 
building permits during the period of 
1920 was $413,210 in construction and 
$29,820 in repairs, ora total of $4434,- 
O30, the 1921 period showing an in- 
crease of 47 per cent for construction 
and 36 per cent for repairs. 

Revenue—About $0.475 out of ev- 
ery $1 of tax money is spent in the 
operation of Decatur schools, leaving 
about $0.525 to take care of the bond- 
ed debt interest and redemptio and 
the expenses of the general fund. 

Savings—The manager estimates 
itemized savings as follows: Discounts 
in purchasing, $650; laying Poplar 
Springs water mains, 31,800; improve- 
ments at waterworks to date, $3500; 
total, $2,750. The manager expresses 
the belief that in the construction of 


have saved the general contractor's 
profit, about $7,000, by making con- 
tracts directly with sub-contractors 
fas recommended by him to the board 
of commissioners February 18, 1921, if 
he had been permitted to do so. 

Financial Statistics—A semi-annual 
audit of the books of the town by the 
Audit Company of the South, cover- 
ing the first six months of 1921, in- 
cluding a balance sheet, is on file as 
a permanent record. 


Thad Pirkle to Serve Time. 
The motion of the attorneys of Thad 
Pirkle for a new trial. set for a hear- 
ing before Judge J. B. Hutcheson in 
Decatur Saturday, will be withdrawn 
next Tuesday, at which time Pirkle 
will apnear to begin serving time for 
the killing of Mary Frances and Mar- 
garet Guinn when his car left East 
Lake drive, in the Oakhurst section 

of Decatur, December 31, 1920. 
Pirkle was convicted of involuntary 
manslaughter at the December term of 
DeKalb superior court, and sentenced 
to twelve months in the chaingang. He 


‘Martha J. Smith, Martha L. Graham, 


had stood trial once before, the jury 
failing to agree, a mistrial. resulting. 
At the following term of court his 
case had been continued, and a second 
trial was not had until last December 
term of court. 

Attorneys for the defense were 
Frank Hooper and Paul G. Carpenter, 
who had associated with them P. K. 
Burns, of Decaur. William WNSchley 
Howard assisted Solicitor A. M. 
Brand in the prosecution. 


Sanitarium Planned. 

Professor Andy Beavers, president. 
of the Riverside Military academy, 
at Gainesville, and owner of the mag- 
nificent property at Stone Mountain 
known as the King hotel, a spacious 
brick building in the center of a 14- 
acre tract, was represented before the 
city council of Stone Mountain Friday 
night by Carl N. Guess, who made 
known that Mr. Beavers desired to dis- 
pose of the property to purchasers 
who proposed, with the consent of the 
city authorities, to convert the build- 
ing into a sanitarium, providing es- 
pecially for the care of ex-service men. 

It was stated that about $50,000 
would be expended on improvements. 
There appearing to be no objection on 
the part of the mayor and council or 
citizens of the town, it is announced 
that the sale will be consummated 
during the next week, and permit for 
the conversion of the building into a 
sanitarium granted. 


Checks Await Unknown Pensioners. 
Ordinary James KR. George an- 
nounces that checks for confederate 
veterans and widows of veterans rang- 
ing in amounts from $100 to $225 
remain in his office to be called for 
by the following named persons, whose 
addresses he has been unable to learn. 
If you know these addresses write 
directly to the beneficiaries, asking 
them to communicate with the ordi- 
nary, James R. George, Decatur. 
Martha Blackstock, M. E. Jackson, 
Mary Hannah Meadow, Ary ‘Taliater- 
ro, M. J. Wiggins, Annie H. Warren, 


M. P. Turner, Mary E. Ebry, M. E. 
Jackson, Eugenia E. Powell, J. K. 
Morris, George W. Walton, J. M. 
Fowler, T. J. Flake, Jemima Freeman, 
R. B, Jackson. 


DRY CHIEF HAYNES 
LIFE THREATENED 


Chicago, January 7.—Declaring that 
America was being “slowly but surely 
weaned” of the liquor habit, Federal 
Prohibition Director Roy A. Haynes 
arrived in Chicago today, surrounded 
by a cordon of secret service opera- 
tives. He declared his department was 
“going to kill the evil at the root,” and 
that slowly prohibition was coming 
into its own. 

He declared bootleggers were “a 
scourge on the earth,”’ and that the 
American spirit of fair play would 
soon drive the bootlegger out of busi- 
ness. 

During his stay in Chicago Mr. 
Haynes will be kept under constant 
guard of police and a special squad of 
prohibition agents. He will remain 
until Monday, and will lead in a clean- 
up of the city. : 

Seven letters have been received by 
the commissioner, according to Dep- 
uty Sherman A. Cuneo, threatening 
his death, a possible injury and a 
bomb attack. All were postmarked 
Chicago, and their source is now be- 
ing investigated. 


Brigadier General 
McRae Acting Chief 
Of Staff for Army 


Washington, January 7.—Briga- 
dier General James H. ‘McRae took 
over today the duties of General Per- 
shing as chief of staff of the army. 
General Pershing has been on leave, 
visiting his home in Kansas over the 
Christmas holidays, and will not re- 
turn to his office until about the mid- 
dle of this month. Major General 
Harbord, who has been acting chief 
of staff, left on a 7,000-mile inspec- 
tion tour with Assistant Secretary 
Wainwright, thus leaving General 
— as acting chief of the general 
statt. 

Secretary Wainwright and General 
Harbord will spend a month visiting 
the scattered army commands through 
Kentucky, Georgia, Louisiana, Texas, 
Oklahoma, Kansas and Illinois, 


Canadian Hearings 
In Stillman Case 
To Be Held Later 


New York, January 7.—Canadian 
hearings in the Stillman divorce. case 
will be held later, although those 
scheduled for Montreal next week have 
been cancelled because of James A. 
Stillman’s refusal to pay the defense 
costs of $7500, ordered by Justice 
Morschauser. 

John F. Brennan, of Yonkers, chief 
of counsel for Mrs. Anne U. Still- 
man, said today the defense would 
“raise the money, anyway,” and if the 
appellate division of the supreme court 
overruled Justice Morschauser’s order 
another application for hearings in 
Canada would be made. 


T0 CANNES MEET 


Supreme Council Asks 
Berlin to Send Repre- 
sentatives to Await Call 


in Paris. 
7 


a 


Cannes, January 7.—(By the As- 
sociated Press.)—Representatives of 
Germany sumetime next week will 
come to Cannes to discuss with the 
supreme council the reparations pro- 
posal to be prepared by the allied 
statesmen. 

This was decided upon at the sec- 
und day’s session of the council today 
cnd notification to this effect was dis- 
gatched to the Berlin government, 
stipulating, however, that the German 
exports go to Paris first and there 


hold themselves in readiness for the 
eall. 

As originally introduced by Premier 
Lloyd George, of Great Britain, the 
proposal was worded so as to ask the 
German government to send its rep- 
resentatives direct to Cannes, but M. 
Briand vouchsafing the opinion that 
it was necessary first to reach some 
kind of an agreement among them- 
selves. 

Text of Invitation. 


The communicat.on sent to the Ger- 
nan government reads: 

“The supreme council will doubtless 
nave need of your representatives be- 
tween the Sth und 15th of January. 
You may save time by sending them 
‘o Paris to await word from the 
council,” 

In introducing his proposal, Mr. 
‘Lloyd George declared that the pres- 
ence of German representatives at the 
Spa conference had proved most use- 
ful and had resultea in an agreement 
which was carried out. 

The work of the council slowed up 
today when the Thorny reparations 
question came up. Yesterday's speedy 
decision on the calling of an inter- 
national financial and economic con- 
ference with the participation of Rus- 
sia and Germany, and the progress 
made by tie repa-ations experts this 
morning raised the hope for a time 
that there might be an early adjourn- 
ment, but later in the day it became 
apparent that the council was not 
so near an agreement as were the ex- 
perts. 

Expert Agreement. 

By the experts it was maintained 
today that there was an agreement 
in principle but the members of the 
council announced that further de- 
iiberation was necessary, after which 
the council would receive the experts’ 
report and make its decision. 

The experts, it is learned, however, 
had an agreement for remission of 
cash payments by Germany providing 
for the payment of 500,000,000 gold 
marks in cash and 1,000,000,000 gold 
marks in kind each year over a period 
of years. 

In the course of today’s delibera- 
tions Great Britain in exchange tor 
abandonment of her 22 per cent of 
the first two payments in 1922 asked 
Belgium to renounce in part her pri- 
ority claim so that France can share 
in ‘hose payments, demanding at the 
same time that France ratify the 
August agreement whereby the firat 
billion gold marks now in the hands 
of the renarations commission would 
be applied to the payment of Great 
Britain’s and Belzium’s oecunation ex- 
penses to the exclusion of France. 

George Against Guarantees 

Mr. Lioyd George also resisted all 
surgestions that action be taken to 
obtain stronger guarantees from Ger- 
many as asked by France, such as a 
commission on the German debt, to 
control customs, monopolies and tax 
receipts. 

It was suggested at a meeting of 
the experts, previous to decision to 
invite German representatives’ to 
Cannes, that Germany be asked to 
send a representative here to confer 
with the council regarding repara- 
‘ions payments before any action to- 
ward further guarantees was taken. 


U. 8S. TO ACT SOON 
ON GENOA MEETING. 

Washington, January 7.—(By the 
Associated Press.) — Official an- 
nouncement of the American govern- 
ment’s attitude toward the internation- 
al economic conference to be held at 
Genoa, early in March, may be ex- 
pected during the coming week, it 
was indicated tonight in high admin- 
istration circles. 

The text of the resolution adopted 
by the allied supreme council at 
Cannes yesterday calling the inter- 
national meeting along with the in- 
vitation issued by the allied premiers 
to the United States to participate 
in the conference was received at the 
state department during the day. 

Officials generally were reticent 
with respect to the invitation, but 
the view was advanced in one author- 
itative quarter that the position of 
the United States would be known 
without delay. The impression like- 
wise was given that the American 
government was looking upon the in- 
vitation with favor in view of the 
resolutions adopted by the supreme 
council at its Cannes meeting.  — 

These resolutions, in the opinion 


The defense, he said. was deter- 
mined to bring out in Canada testi-! 
mony of alleged bribery and attempted 
subordinating of witnesses by agents 
for Stillman. This angle of the case, 
has never entered into the evidence ad- 
duced in the United States, all. of the 
previous testimony having been in con- 
nection with ciarges of infidelity and 
misconduct on the part of both Mr. 
and Mrs. Stillman. 


N., C. & ST. L. AGENT 
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE 


Centerville, Tenn., January 7.— 
James R. Breece, 44. agent of the 
Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis 
railway at Lyles north of here, end- 
ed his life this morning by a shot 
from a shotgun into the right side of 
his head. 

Despondency over ill-health is Satan 
as the cause. He had been in the 
railroad’s emplov at various points in 
this section for 23 years. 


APPARENTLY NO ONE 
WANTS THIS ROAD 


Chattanooga, Tenn., January 7.— 
The sale of the Tennessee, Alabama 
and Georgia railroad, advertised for 
noon today was postponed to Janu- 
ary 21, as no bids were forthcoming. 
This is the fifth attempt to sell the 
road. 


COMMITTEE TO FILL 
PENROSE VACANCIES 


Washington, January 7.—Chairman 
Brandegee, of the senate committee on 
committees, today issued a val] for a 
mecting of that body for Monday to 
fill vacancies in committees occasioned 
by the desth of Senator Penrose, of 
Pennsylvania. ws 


Axes and other edge tools have been 


of economic experts of the govern- 
ment, appear to permit of American 
aprticipation in the proposed delib- 
erations without any restrictions as 
to the ultimate outcome of negotia- 
tions towards eventual liquidation of 


‘the European war-time debt to this 


country or other factors which might 
have complicated the American share 
in an international effort at world 
rehabilitation. : 

It was geenrally conceded tonight 
in official circles that should the in- 
vitation be accepted, the United States 
would send accredited representatives 
to Genoa, picked for their knowledge 
of international financial and econom- 
ie conditions, but so far it was be- 
lieved no actual consideration has been 
given to the personnel of the Ameri- 
ean delegation. 


MILK IN MEMPHIS 
| 12 CENTS PER QUART 


) 


Memphis. Tenn., January 7.—Re- 
ductions of more than 40 per cent 
within the last ten days brought the 
price of milk at retail here today to 
2 cents a quart, with predictions by 
dairymen that a turther cut of 2 cents 
would be made effective by April 1. 
The price cutting started by a “cash 
and earry” chain store system was 
met and bettered bg another chain 
store system. until the 12-cent price 
was reached. Low prices for feed and 
the mild winter were reasons given 
for the reduction. 


RAILROAD CREOSOTING 
PLANT TO REOPEN 


Gainesville, Fla., January 7.—The 
huge creosoting plant here of the At- 
Iantic Coast Line, which has been shut 
down more than four years, will re- 
sume operations with a full force in 
the near future, according to informa- 
tion reecived in local business circles. 
The plant. which creosotes crossties 
and timbers for the entire system, re- 


manufactured at Hartford, Conn., id 
almost a century. — ee 


quires several 
operation. 


men for ite 


tral 


Lands in Jail 
After Elopement 


Schley County Man Marries 
Woman, Only to Learn 
He’s Second Hubby. 


Amercus, Ga., January 7.—(Spe- 
cial.)—J. W. Kent, his wife and her 
unmarried sister, with the sister's two 
children, three years and three weeks 
old, respectively, are all confined in 
Schley county jail at Ellaville, the wife 
under a charge of bigamy, and Kent 
and the sister under statutory charges, 
with an additional charge of theft 
in removing the property of his land 
lord from a farm near Crosse. 

Kent and the two women came to 
this section about a year ago from 
Griffin. His wife was Minnie McCork, 
and the other woman, said to be the 
mother of the children, was her sis- 
ter, Annie May McCork. They rented 
the Reese farm and made a crop this 
past season. ‘They brought no belong- 
ings with them, and James Reese, 
landlord, of Americus, provided them 
with furniture, with which they kept 
house, ; 

Olin McElhaney became acquaint- 
ed with Mrs. Kent, who, according to 
the information, was known as Miss 
Minnie McCork. Kent is said to have 
encouraged McElhaney’s attentions. 
which became more regular. 


Elopement Staged. 


Shortly before Christmas, McElha- 
ney, wishing to have everything done 
properly, asked Kent for his consent to 
their marriage. It was then that 
Kent revealed his attitude. He then 
informed McElhaney he could not 
marry the woman. He offered no ex- 
iplantatino, however and, on December 
27, McElhaney and the woman eloped 
to a near-by official and were married 

On their return, Kent called aside 
McElhaney and informed him he had 
married the woman who was really 
his wife, and for that reason he had 
warned him in advance he could not 
marry her. 

Mr. McElhaney at first could not 
believe Kent, but wanted to make 
sure, so he called the ordinary at Grif- 
fin by telephone. He received infor- 
mation that the records showed Kent 
and Minnie McCork had been legally 
married in that county in 1918, 

An Angry Bridegroom. 

The news soon got out, and while 
the bridegroom, who had courted and 
married the woman in good faith, 
nursed his wrath, according to the story 
reaching Americus, neighbors formed a 
vigilance committee and informed the 
Kent “tribe” they would be expected 
to oe within a very limited 
space of time. 

About the time they prepared to 
leave, McElhaney decided to take out 
warrants for the two. They were gone 
when Sheriff Battle arrived. Reese 
then turned up and found his furni- 
ture missing from the house and took 
out a wararnt. The trio were located 
near Oglethorpe on their way north- 
ward, and brought back to Ellaville. 
where a commitment trial is awaited. 
In the meantime the two babies in jai) 
are the object of much concern of the 
good ladies of the town, who are dis 
cussing what they can do to keep them 
from suffering. 


WOMEN TO CONDUCT 
REVIVAL IN DUBLIN 


Dublin, Ga., January 7.—(Special.) 
Beginning Sunday, February 12, the 
Downing sisters, Mary, Ruth and 
Catherine, will hold a series of re- 
vival services at Centenary Method- 
ist chureh in this city. Miss Ruth 
Downing and Miss Mary Downing 
are ministers, and Miss Catherine 
Downing directs the music and works 
among children. 


SCHEDULE OF 
S. S. CAGERS 


rian vs. Gordon Street Baptist; Grace Meth- 


_odist ve. Central Baptist. 


AMERICAN LEAGUE. 

January 9-Tabernacle Baptist (pep class) 
vs. Grace Methodist; Wesley Memorial vs. 
West End Presbyterian: Harris Street Pres- 
byterian vs, Firat Christian, 

January 19—Grace Methodist va. First 
Christian; Tabernacle Baptist (pep class) 
vs. Wesley Memorial; Harris Street Presby- 
terian vs, West End Presbyterian. 

January 27—Harris Street Presbyterian vs. 
Tabernacle Raptist (pep class); Grace Meth- 
odist va. Wesley Memorial; West End Pres- 
byterian vs. First Christian. 

January 30—First Uhristian ve. 
ley Memorial; Tabernacle LEaptist (pep 
class) va. Weat End Presbyterian; Grace 
Methodist vs. Harris Street Presbyterian. 

February 9—Wesley Memorial vs. 
Harris Street Presbyteriar® West End Pres- 
byterian vs. Grace Meth dist; Tabernacle 
Baptist (pep class) vs, Fi’st Christian, 

February 17-—Tabernacle Baptist {pep 
Class) vs. Grace Methodist; Wesley Memo- 
rial ve. West End Presbyterie:; Harris 
Street Presbsterian va. Firet Christian. 

February 20—Grace Methodist vs. First 
Christian: Tabernacle Baptist (pep class) 
vs. Wesley Memorial; Harris Street Presby- 
terian vse. West End Presbyterian. 

March 2—Harris Street Presbyterian va. 
Tabernacle Baptist (pep class); Grace Meth- 
odiat vs, Wesley Memortal; West End Pres- 
byterian vs. First Christian, 

March 10—First Chrietian ve. Wesley Me- 
morial; Tabernacle Baptist (pep class) vs. 
West End Presbyterian: Grace Methodist 
vs. Harria Street Presbyterian. 

March 13—Wesley Memorial ve, Harris 
Street Preebytcrian; West End Presbyteri- 
an vs, Grace Methodist; Tabernacle Bap- 
tist (pep class) vs. First Christian. 


INTERMEDIATE CLASS. 


January 14.—Druid Hills Presbyterian vs. 
Capitol Avenue Baptist, Central Presbyterian 
ve. Grace Methodist, Gordon Street Pres- 
byterian ve, Second Baptist, Wesley me- 
morial ve. West End Presbyterian. 

January 21.—Druid Hills Presbyterian vs. 
Central Presbyterian, Capitol Avenue Bap- 
tist ve. Grace Methodist, Gordon Street 
Presbyterian vs, Wesley Memorial, Second 
Baptist vs. West End Presbytrian. 

Janua #8.—-Druid Hillg Prebyterian vs. 
Grace Methodist, Capitol Avenue Baptist 
vs. Central Presbyterian, Gordon Street 
Presbyterian vs. West Ind Tresbyterian, 
Second Baptist vs. Wesley Memorial. 

February 4—Druid Hills Presbyterian vs, 
Gordon Street Presbyterian, Capitol Avenue 
Baptist ve. Second Baptist, Central Pres- 
byterian vs. Wesley Memorial, Grace Meth- 
odist vs. West Eud Presbyterian, 

February 11—Druid Hills Presbyterian vs. 
Second Baptist, Capitol Avenue Baptist vs. 
Wesley Memorial, Central Presbyterian ve. 
West End Presbyterian, Grace Methodist va. 
Gordon Street Presbyterian. 

February 18—Druid Hills Presbyterian vs. 
Wesley Memorial, Capitol Avenue Baptist 
vs. West End Presbyterian, Central Pres- 
byterian vs. Gordon Street Presbyterian, 
Grace Methodist vs. Second Baptist. 

February 25.--Druid Hills Presbyterian vs. 
West End Presbyterian, Capitol Avenne Bap- 
tist ve. Gordon Street Presbyterian, Cen- 
tral Presbyterian vs. Second Baptist, Grace 
Methodist vs. Wesley Memorial. 

March 4~—-Druid Hilla Presbytérian vs. 
Capitol Avenue Baptist, Central Presbyterian 
vs. Grace Methodist, Gordon Street esby- 
terian vs. Second Baptist, Wesley Memorial 
vs. West End Presbyterian. ~ 

March 11—Druid Hills Presbyterian vs, 
Central Presbyterian, Capitol Avenue Bap- 
tist vs. Grace Methodist, Gordon Street 
Presbyterian vs. Wesley Memorial, Second 
Baptist vs. West End Presbyterian. 

March 18—Druid Hilla Prebyterian vs. 
Grace Methodist, Capitol Avenne Baptist 
vs. Central Presbyterian, Gordon Street 
Presbyterian va. est End Pre 
Second Baptist ve. Wesley Memorial. 

March Druid Hille Presbyterian vs. 
Gordon Street Presbyterian, Capitol Ave- 
nue Baptist vs. Second Baptist, Central 
Presbyterian vse. Wesley Memorial; Grace 
Methodist ve. West End Presbyterian. 

April 1—Druid Hillis Presbyterian vs. 
Second Eaptist. Capitol Avenue Baptist vs. 
Wesley Memorial, Central Presbyterian vs. 
West End Presbyteran, Grace Methodist 
vs. Gordon Street erian. 

pril n 


Presbyteria 
. Capitol Avenue Ba 
Presbyterian, Central 
Street 


Grace Methodist vs. Second Baptist. 

April 15—Dreid Hillis Presbyterian vs. 
West End Presbyterian, Canitol Avenue Bap- 
tist vs. Gordon Street Presbyteria 
n va. Second 


Wes- 


‘ 


ve. 


¢ ac sores Brea 
we se 
: oo > > > aes? 
4 > 
} : % 
mv : 
” — i 
j | 
. 


—— o. bf 
LUN 


4 


’ 


I 


= '* Sea 
an a 
uw 
; 
’ 


ani 


’ 
ead, , Beg 
SP ee ee 
sar . SS ee he eg 
A REO De Bs 
. Piste 
ey 
. . 
i eye aie : * 
—” et Rs % m4, 
"3 re 
< » & 
: 
7 7 
; : 
' 


: whit 
a ng 
- 35 a) 
iy “e 
——e re 
* ae 
. a ae a 
rae ~ aft. 


Program of Work for the ~ 
State Board for Year Is — 
Adopted and Members © 

“Assigned to Fields. ~ 


. Howard, of Atlanta, was re 
elected chairman of the State Board 


of Public welfare, at an all-day meets 


ing held yesterday mm the Atlanta Na- 
tional Bank building. Present were 
Mrs. W. R. Leakin, of Savannah, the 
new member recently appointed by 
Governor Hardwick; Dr. J. G. Harri- 
son, of Macon: 
Donald, of Cuthbert; Mr. ' Howard 
and the secretary, Burr Blackburn. 
Judge Andrew J. Cobb, of Athens, was 
unable to attend on account of illness, 
A program of work for the year 
was adopted, and board members as- 
Signed to special fields, as follows: 
Division of family service and ju- 
yenile deliquency, Miss Annete Mc- 


nald. 
institutions 
Leakia. 


Division of children’s 
x — oe Mrs. W. R. 
vision of adult delinquency, Judge 
Andrew J. Cobb. ’ 7 
Division of mental hygiene, Dr. J. 
G. Harrison. 


Asxs Cut in Salary. 


Resolutions of appreciation of the 
past year’s work of the staff were 
adopted, and the secretary was es- 
pecially thanked for having volunta- 
rily requested a reduction of $400 in 
the salary which had been contracted 
with him when he was employed by 
the board, in order that a larger pro- 
gram of work might be undertaken. 
_ The progam outlined for the com- 
ing year included: 

1. Social Educatson—Promotion of 
study courses and programs in wom- 
en's clubs and civic organizations on 


Miss Annette Me-~ 


vr} 
sh 
S 
Se 
€ » 


“Georgia’s fight against dependency *% 


and deliquency ;” holding four or five 
district welfare conferences; promo- 
tion of a state welfare conference in 
May; conducting a welfare week at 
the university summer school No. 1, 
as requested by the university, and in 
other summer schools, and presenting 
the work to students in various insti- 
tutions of higher education in the 
state. 

2. Family Service and Juvenile Delin- 
quency—Local committee inspections 
of county homes; study of county out- 
door relief; promotion of campaign to 
get an effective juvenile court in ev- 
ery county in the state; organization 
of welfare boards in counties, and ju- 
dicial circuits. 

3. Children’s Institutions and Child 
Placing—Careful studies of the forty- 
three children’s institutions in the 
state, meetings with their boards, and 
co-operation with their, superintend- 
ants, including a ssoetie hal the state 
—— Pw children, stitutions 
in May; effort to sem ‘slation 
regulating traffic in babNKIN A 

Adult Delinquen _*y + 

4. Adult Delinquency—. 
mittee inspection of county 
co-operation with county auttNl 
improving jail condftions. {00 
tion with county officials in 
new jails and alterations. Prot 
ve proper use of the adult probs 


» 


» 


aw. 
‘5. Mental Hygiene—Publish the 


Hutchipgs report on the insane sani- >. 


fectives, together with the laws gov- 
erning the insane, and work for the 
adoption of the Hutchings recom- 
mendations. 

_ The secretarys’ report for the past 
six months included the inspection of 
many institutjons, the exoferation of 
the, Girls’ ‘Training school from 
charges brought against it before the 
governor; the closing of one institu- 
tion where the inmates were cruelly 
treated and neglected; a mass of cor- 
respondence with agencies and indi- 
viduals over the state giving advice 
on how to handle cases; the appoint- 
ment of sixty-five county visiting 
committees during the past month, 
with the aid of the State Federation 
of Women’s clubs; the organization of 
juvenile courts in eighty-three coun- 
ties; the preparation of handbooks 
on county jails and juvenile courts: 
inspection of the state sanitarium and 
school for the mental defectives, with 
the aid of Dr. W. R. Hutchings, of 
the national mental hygiene com- 
mittee, and many other activities in 
behalf of the neelected, dependent, de- 
linquent and defective classes, 


Forty-two babies in forty-four 
vears, the record of a woman who 
died near the English town of Rugby 
in 1762, is believed to be still un- 
beaten, 


Classified Rates 


One Time .cescceseccesess 18a line 
Three times TTT TTTTTITTT? |g Bl 
Seven times 

Thirty times or more .....12c a line 


Each Issue 


Above rates for cons¢.utive {nser- 
tions only. ¥ 

No advertisement accepted for 
less than two lines. 

Advertisements under the follow- 
ing classifications will only be in- 
serted when cash accompanies the 
order: 

For Rent—Rooms, Furnished 
Unfurnished. 

For Rent—Rooms Unfurnished. 

W anted-~Board. 

Wanted—Boarders. 

For Rent—Rooms Furnished. ° 

Situation Wanted—Male, 

Situation Wanted—Female. 

Wanted—To Rent Rooms Fur- 
nished. 

Wanted—To Rent Rooms Unfur- 
nished. 

The Constitution will not be ree 
sponsible for more than one 
correct insertion of any advertise- 
= ordered for more than one 

me. 

Accounts opened for ads (except- 
Ing those classifications that are 
cash with order) by telephone to 
accommodate you {ff your name is 
in the telephone directory. Want 
ads taken by telephone are to be 
paid for immediately upon applica- 
tion, bill to be presented by mali or 
solicitor the same day. 

No phone orders accepted for ad- 
vertisements that are to appear un- 
der “cash in advance” classifica- 
tions. 

Courteous operators, thoroughly 
familiar with rates, rules and c 
‘sifications, will give you completé 
information. And if you wish, they 
will assist you in ran attnesleun 
want ad to make it most effective. 

Discontinuanc of advertising 
must be in writti?g. It will not be 
accepted by phone. This protects 
your interests as well as ours. 

Advertisements not paid in ad- 
vance will be charged for the actual 
number of lines occupled, regard- 
less of the number of words, Charge 
ads will not be estimated. Part of 
= tine will be charged same as a ful 

e. 


TELEPHONE MAIN 5000 


EDUCATIONAL 


panish should wri 


or 


n, Cen- 
Baptist, Grace | lessou 


Methodist ys. Wesley Memorial. 


€ fi 


7 
7 


- 
« 
' 
: 


. 


/ 
tarium and the school for mental ef- 2 a 
bug 


$1,000 PER man per county. Get yours. 
men down star sales- 


| HELP WANTED—Male | HELP’ 


s 
_. Weaving and making fibre 
furniture. Good pay while 
learning. Capital City Chair 
Co., 172 Marietta street. Ask 
for Mr. Croft. 


WANTED—100 neat appearing la- 
dies to sell tickets. Very good 
pay. Room 411, Healey Bidg., 10 
a. m. to 4 p. m. Wednesday. 
DANCING TEACHERS 


known institutions of Atlanta de 
sires a few good solicitors or 
salesmen for city and suburbs on 
ommission and salary basis Men 
of good address and salesmanship 
can easily make from $5 to $10 
daily One gentleman. working 
only four days la-~*+ week, made 
over $37. Another, former $16 a 
week man, made on our proposi- 
ion over $30 last week, and still 
another made $36. Must be relia 


NY FIRM—A 


LOOK FOR THE HEADING denoting the particular service or article 

you desire.. Or better, read each of them and get many sugges- 
tions as to household and business conveniences that you are now 
doing without simply because it has never occurred to you that the 
services offered were so easily to be commanded. 


A DAILY FEATURE. 


ACCOUNTANTS 


WANTED FOR 


REAL POSITIONS 


PAYING 
$2,400 TO $10,000 


PER YEAR 


LEARN ACCOUNTING 


THE best paid profession in busi- 

ness—many of our graduates are 
earning from $3,000 to $10,000 a 
year— 


AVERAGE salary increase 44.3 per 
cent within fifteen months after 
starting course, 


1 abo ee 
-Waycross ..°9:25 pm 
ee -00°9:25 pa 


Amazing propos 
wanted everywhere. Exclusive territory; no 
sales limit. A hot or cold running water 

equipment for any home at only $7.50. 
Self-heating. No plumbing nor waterworks 
required. Investigate. Terms. Send no money, 
Write letter or tal today. Allen Mfg. Co., 
664 Allen Building, Toledo, Ohio, 
AGENTS—$10 to $15 daily. Every owner 
wants gold initials. on side doors of his 
automobile; applied while waiting. Sale 
$1.50; profit, $1.38. Write for general agen- 
cy; special offer; free samples. Transfer 


— fs a ae ws Be RE. oop 

a vw eans-Montgomer, 6:00 am 
a. ; pm.. Newnan-Columbus . 40 

pm .. Montgomery—Local ... &. 

pm New Urieans-Montgomery 1:25 pm 

am... Newnan-Columbus ... 4:05 pm 

am... West Point—Loca]l ... 5:35 pm 

22:10am New Uricane Montgomery 6:10 pin 


UPHOLSTERING. 
FURNITURE iring, chairs reseated, 
furniture packed and shipped. Dec. 742-J. 
N. Wilson, 313 Edgewood Avenue, 


PIANO TUNING. 
I TUNE, repair, rebuild pianos and player 
_pianos. E. L. Moore, Ivy 3516-J, 


WORK. 


© aa 
as 

7 Pt 
4 


q | 


~~ Jf 
5 
y 


G 


< ae 
J eer = 


: 
+i 
| 


\: ~ »* ¥ 
£ 

_ FOR 
bey : 


Ste toh U 
3 —e $75—REWA 


9205 
Se Savannah eeeetese 9:40 pia 
x pm. eee _Macon- Albany etee 41:00 pin 


' olerkship and postage. 
| Kiser Bidg., Atlanta, 


\GSANTED — Harvard 


" @ares, any good 
red 
92 North Forsyth street. 


Arrives— C. OF GA. BY. —Leaves 
am.... Bavaunah-Albany «... 7:50 am 
BWM. cccces:- . ara 
BM.csese Jacksonville ..ccoe 7:30 pio 
BM.cocee Jacksonville eccoes 9:05 pm 
BM.cccccess MACON cececece 12:25 pin 


Seeeeeecas 


D .ccccsess 4:00 pm 


SEABOARD AIR LINE. —Lenves 
pm eeerer Hamilet-Mouroe *eee 6:10 arm 
e+ Birmingham-Atianta .. 8:00 ato 
«+ Wash- Rich’ d-Norfolk 
.«e+ Abbeville-Atianta .... 
“a pe oe tear p.- his 


SOUTHERN RAIL 
Cincin.-Chicago-Detroit 6:30am 


P 
9:30 pm B’bam-Ka 


«+ Columbus—Local .. ..7:45 am 
Macon-Brunsw’ k-Jaxvilie’ 7:50 am 
Washington-New York 11:30am 
Tampa-St. Petersburg 11:45 am 
Richmond-Wash’p-N. Y. 12:30 pm 
ee Rome-Chatt.— Local ee 2:30 pr 
Louisville-Cinci.-Detroit 4:00 pm 
Loc 4:5 


Macon—Local 
’ eeee Heflin—Local 
210am Macon-Valdosta-Jaxville 7:45 pm 

am .. Macon-Jacksonville’ . -55 pm 
am . Brunswick-Jacksonville 0:45 pm 

, + Soe Birmingham-Shreveport :00 

1Wam .. Macon-Jacksonville .. 11. 

6:25am Washington-New York 12 Midnicht 
wi and depart fro 


pm ingham .... 
20:55am Washineton-New York 


UNION PASSENGER 


STATION 
Arrives— GEORGIA RA OAD. —Leaves 
22:15 pm........ A 


ugueta ........ 6:15am 

8:35 pm... Augusta-Columbia ... 12:30 pm 
8:15 DPI. ccccece Augusta eeeeeeee 2:00 pm 
£40 BM. cccccese Monroe covcecees G:10 pm 
560 AM......+.. Monroe ......+.. 6:10 pm 
Mam, Charieston-Wilmington 7:40 pm 
am... Atgusta-Columbia ... 7:40 pm 


' $Daily except Sunday. $Sunday only. 
Beene | Komllctiatieriie | “oes am 
noxville-Louisville : 
10:50 pm ; Cincinnati & Beyond 6:45 am 
-§:560 pm Chi.-Ind’p’s-M’naw City * © 7-25 am 


Cleve.-Cinci. & L’ville | 
oe Knoxville via Blue Ridge 7:10 am 
:20 
21:30 am.. 


am... Copper Hill—Local ... 3:30 pm 
Cincinnati-Louisville .. 4:25 pm 

21:30 am Knoxville via Cartersville 4:25 pm 
Arrives WN., C..&8T. L. RY. Leaves 
7:00 pm,. Nashville-Chattanooga, . 7:45 am 
10 pm... Chicago-St. Louls ... 8:45am 
210 pm. Nashville-Chattanooga . 8:45 am 


2 
49:80 bin Rome-Chattanooga—Local 5:15 pm 
“7:80 am.. Nashvilie-St. Louis .. 8:60 pm 


. PERSONAL 


TEETH 
DENTAL WORK AT 
COLLEGE PRICES 


frO introduce our new painless system, and 
rators busy during our dull 

ae we wil all dental work at exact 
No one but skilled den- 
years’ experience in our 
“ve a Riggs’ disease spe- 
Shed 10 years at same lo- 


. GODWIN, MGR. 

prank and “itehall ‘Bt., Corner Mitchell. _ 

in per —— a cnggemrere a eager ae 
BLE—Physician explains 6 

1. \VORAT Ont for inflamed gallbladder and 

rim, CC. ssoctated with gallstones. Book- 


, KITCHFDr. Paddock, Box O-7 201, Kaneas 


SLOP:9- 
‘REOLOGY reveals. 2,000-word horoscope 
. your life and two ery fog 

hdate and 25c to deir 

EE ge SE gi Prof. Audrey, 208 

Ga. 

Classics, Book of 
Henry, Stoddard’s Lec- 
gets. Good prices paid for 

Ivy 452. Treat’s Book Shop. 


O 


ern novels. 


Wb collect all old bills, Small commis 


. Ivy 4768. ei aleteaies 
oo vy refined, 


v1 eanitarium; private, 
oo ak he provided for infants. 


Mee M. T. Mitchell, 22 Windsor street. 
dental clinic at = — eosin 
osite Grady ‘ . 

oy ge og ee to 4:30, ~ ote 
- a charge is made for the ma- 

térial only; all work gupervised by com- 
petent instructors. 


———— 


PATENT ATT 


nded over a pee 
ars. l unicationus strictly 
éontiaen al. Prompt, efficient, conscien- 
tious service. Hand seen, rt 7 — 
a ATEN TTO . 
ee oe ene se toatific American Bldg. 
Woolworth Buliding. 


a oe wen it or will finance same, 
aden Patent, O. Box 1301. 
LOST AND FOUND 

LO 

AN D 
HORSESHOE PIN, PROB- 
ABLY IN OR IN FRONT 
OF FULTON NATIONAL 
BANK OR ON WHITE- 
HALL BETWEEN CHAM- 

ERLIN’S AND _ BOOK- 

AMMER’S HAIR DRESS- 
ING PARLOR. LIBERAL 
REWARD IF RETURNED. 


CALL HEM. 3701. 


"LOST—Eigin wrist watch, on Decatur or 
English ave. car, or from Lowry bank to 


Tom Pitts, by way of S. Pryor. Ivy 592-J. 
Receive reward. 


GAIN STREET GARAGE 


Tuesday, Jan. 3, between hours of 
~$2 and 2, solid gold cross and chain. 
Cross had name ‘“‘Maggie’’ engraved. Finder 

return to 242 East Cain S8t., and 
get reward, or phone Ivy 5620-3. 

—-Thureday, Knights of Pythias en- 

dowment icy. If found phone Ivy 2053, 

or call at Flatiron Bidg. J. H. Rich- 
urdeon 


Bunch of keys, Masonic Protective As- 
wovlation No. 216-058, Friday morning at 
Wive Poirts. Main 3717. Reward. 
Auto license number, ‘‘727-Ga.-'22.” 
“Reward, Phone Hemlock 4198. 568 West 
Peachtree Street. y, 


STRAYED Friday night, male collie dog, 


almost solid color, Cail Main 711. Reward. 
LOS strayed or stolen from 287 Oak 
a trest, Airedale terrier pup, Diack, gray 
and tan; black leather collar trimmed with 
brass. Reward for return or information 
leading to recovery. Phone Ivy 636. 
m Summit or Jackson §St., equirrel 
choker. Ivy 6109-3. Reward. 
STRA YED—One small black pig. 
Wileon, 42 Dixie Ave. Ivy 2523-J. 
© rooms, $2.60 and $3 week; hot water 
“for bath. 381 Whitehall street. 


HGOUND—Sterling silver belt buckle, East- 
ern Star and Masonic emblems in corner. 


Henry 


ARE YOU QUALIFIED? 


AT PRESENT there are more positions 
open for ACCOUNTANTS, AUDI- 
TORS, SYSTEMATIZERS and COST 
ACCOUNTANTS than there are 

trained men to fill them, The 

essential requirements are a fair 
education, good character and am- 
bition to forge ahead in business, 
backed by special intensive train- 
ing which can be ACQUIRED 
WHILE HOLDING YOUR PFPRES- 
ENT POSITION. 


WE have been called npon to help 
meet this unusual demand and want 
to hear from men who mean busi- 
ness and are ready to take full ad- 
vantage of this opportunity. 

ACCEPTED applicants will be placed 
under the direct personal super- 
yision of nationally known CER- 
TIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
and coached in the special knowl- 
edge and practical procedure nec- 


essary ww qualify. 


LA SALLE EXTENSION 
UNIVERSITY 


$13 Forsyth Building. 
(Southeastern Office) 
Telephone Ivy 2840. 


STATE MANAGER 


WE want a man between 

thirby and forty years 
of age with unusual sales 
ability, preferably expe- 
rienced in handling sales- 
men, to take charge of 
our Atlanta District of- 
fice, 


WE are 4 _ nationally 

known organization 
with offices in all prin- 
cipal cities, well rated and 
have a large local clien- 
tele. This office has paid 
present manager over 
$5,000 in seven months 
and is an established busi- 
ness. 


ACCEPTED applicant will 
-be thoroughly trained 
and placed in charge of a 
going business. Must be 
able to finance present of- 
fice equipment and have 
absolute proof as to sales 
ability and integrity. 


DO not answer unless you 

can measure up to the 
above requirements. Give 
phone number for inter- 
view. 


ADDRESS Box H. 
care Constitution, 


553, 


WANTED 
200 LABORERS 
Board and lodging 
on job. 
Apply to 
Timekeeper, 
ROSE BROS. & CO. 
Camp Gordon, 


ACCOUNTANY wanted for govod position. 
Must be thoroughly capabie of making 
complete audit. Prefer manu between 30 and 
40 who has been doing public accounting or 
has had banking experience. Must be will- 
ing to leave city for month or so. Good 
salary and splendid future, 200 Metropoli- 
tan building. 
MtN—vYou've always wanted big money. 
Here it is, $16 to $32 a day. New patent- 
ed aluminum handle cutlery set. You simply 
display set and write order. We deliver and 
collect. Pay you daily. Experience unneces- 
sary. Sample free. Try it out. Jennings 


Mfg. Oo,, Set B-112, Dayton, Ohio. 


MEN—$10 to $15 daily; every owner wants 

gold initials on side doors of his automo- 
bile. Applied while waiting. Sale $1.50; 
profit $1.38. Write for general agency; spe- 
cial offer; free samples. Transfer Monogram 
©o., Dept. 12, 101 Market St., Newark, N. J, 


STUY daily grind, Start silvering mirrors, 
auto headlights, tableware, etc. Plans free, 
Clarence Sprinkle, Dept. 46, Marion, Ind. 
BACLUSIVE BUXAS’ SUMMiR CAMP, Nortb 
Carolina, seeks local representation; good 
opportunity, eplendid vacation; no cost, For 
pirticulars address Camp Director, Box 781, 
Miami, Fla. 
PHUTUO-LNG VERS—Fictitious advertise- 
ments for photo-engravers are appcaring 
in papers throughout the country. If you de 
sire employment in an open shop communi- 
cate with Employing Photo-engravers As- 
sociation of America, 605 Bangor bidg., 
Cleveland, Ohlo. 
MiiN wanted to qualify for Fireman, brake- 
men, experience unnecessary. Trausporta- 
tion furnished. Write W. Boggess, St.Louis, 


WANTLD—<Accounting firm desires to se 
cure one or two additional junior or sen- 
for accountants with public experiernee; im- 
mediate employment, Address Accountant, 
Box 76, Station ‘‘A,’’ Chattanooga, Tenn, 


Mi N—Age 17 to 55, experience unnecessary, 

Travel; make gecret investigations, re- 
ports. Salaries; expenses, American Foreign 
Detective Agency, 217, St. Louis. 
SALESMAN wanted for good proposition. 

Must be hich caliber man, capable of mak- 
ing big money, Prefer man who has car, but 
not absolutely necessary. If you are inter- 
ested in making a worth-while connection 
see us at once. 200 Metropolitan bidg. 


SALLSMAN covering Georgia, Alabama and 
Florida calling on wholesale and large re- 
tail dry goods trade, to sell imported no- 
tions as a side line on commission basis, 
Give full tmformation concerning territory 
covered, lines carried and references in first 
letter. Address Robert Weiss, Jr., 627 
Caral St., New Orleans, 
IF actually qualified for worth-while com- 
mercial or technical position we can help 
you. There is a good demand for high- 
grade office men whose previous records 
will stand close investigation. All applica- 
tions treated strictly confidential. Office 
open in evenings until 8 Spencer Inec., 200 
Metropolitan bldg, Ivy 4797. 
EXPERIENCED multigraph and addresso- 
graph operator. 318 Metropolitan Bldg. 


714 Peters Building. 


§75—REWARD—$75. 

arrest and conviction of thieves who 

1918 Reo roadster, motor No. 18961, 

No, T-8878, from Fort McPherson, 
Ist. Notify 

UNDERWRITERS DETEC- 
REA 


stole 


james 


license N 

January 5. Notify 

OBILE UNDERWRITERS DETEC- 

TIVE B v, 
Atlanta, Ga. 


RD—$75 
arrest and conviction of thieves who 
3921 Ford touring car, motor No. 
from 23 South Broad street, Jap- 
UNDERWRITERS .DETEC 
BUBEAU, 
Atlanta, Ga. 


Matote 


8. 


SALESMAN to cover retail trade with leath- 
erwear shoe laces: all territories estab- 

lished; liberal commission; side line. Novel, 

418 West 4ist, New York. 

MEN wanted for detective work. Experi- 
ence unnecessary. Write J, Ganor, former 

Govt. Detective, St. Louis. 


BE a DETECTIVE—Excellent 
4 pay; travel, rite C. 
805 Westorer Bide., Kansas City, Mo. 
MEN—To qualify for railway station and 
office positions, Experience unnecessary. 
Transportation furnished. Write Baker, 
Supt., Dept. 128, Wainwricht, St. Louis, Mo. 
SALESMAN to cover finding jobbers, distrib- 
utors, wi leatherwear, shoe laces; all 
territories ‘established; liberal commission; 
side line. Novel, 418 West 4lat, N. Y. 
MEN, I pay $25 to $40 a week te compe- 
tent barbers. We will teach you the bar- 
ber trade and positively guarantee steady 
positions. Income while learning. We own 
shops. Write Jacksonville Barber .College, 
Jacksonville, Fila. 
YOUNG men, over 17, desiring government 
positions, $130 monthly, write for free list 
of positions now open, Terry (former 
civil service examiner), 70 Continental Bidg., 
Washington. D. C, 
TO $56 eo in your spare time do- 


ogy tame dy 
. Ladw 


$36 
ing 
xperience neces- 
sary; write today for full particulars, Amer- 
fcan Products Co., 4798 American Bidg., Cin- 

cinnati, Ohia, 

WANTED—Young men for railway telegraph 
at work 


WHEN you realize that the above statement 

means the ACTUAL AVERAGE for @L.L 
our graduates—not just a few chosen cases 
of success or good fortune—that it includes 
a large percentage of beginners without any 
previous knowledge of accounting; and when, 
in addition, we tell you that many of our 
students are receiving salary increases and 
promotions within a VERY FEW MONTHS 
after enrolling with us and long fore 
they have completed the course, you wil) 
want to know at once— 


WHY the Y. A. 8S. Course in Acconunt- 
ing brings such RAPID and EXTRAOR- 

DINARY SUCCESS to its students, 

THD answer is perfectly simple: 

THERE is an enormous and increasing DE- 

— for SPECIALISTS in ACCOUNT- 


WE PRODUCE such specialists end assist 
them in obtaining positions with salaries 
commensurate with their ability. 


PHONE, call or write for particulars: an in- 
vestigation places you under no obligation. 


INTERNATIONAL 
ACCOUNTANTS 
SOCIETY, Ince. 


726-27 ATLANTA TRUST CO. 
Ivy 3489. 


BLDG, 


ONE OF THE OLDEST and best 

known institutions in Atlanta de- 
sires a few good solicitors or sa!es 
men for city and suburbs on com 
mission and salary basis.. Men of 
good address and salesmanship can 
easily make $5 to $10 daily One 
gentleman working four days made 
in excess of $37. Another, formerly 
working for $16 week, made on 
our proposition over $30 last week. 
Still another made over $36. Must 
be reliable and supply satisiactory 
references as such. No loafers or 
irresponsible transients need ap- 
sply. The best man of all employed 
who shows by results he is compre 
tent will be given a permanent po 
sition as crew manager. Apply to 
A. C Tommy, city circulation, 2d 
floor, Constitution building. 


WANTED AT ONCE 
MURRAY has openings for two 
people of refinement, No ence 
necessary, but must be willing to take a 
thorough course in training. An unustal 
opportunity is offered. Telephone today. 
ilemiock 4840. 
AMBITIOUS women and students are mak- 
ing money at home in spare time through 
our plan, in a delightful — occupa- 
ence 


Dept. 172, Chicago. 
WANTED—$90 to $195 month. Girls, women 
government positions, 
Common education. 


Itions sent free. 
Write immediately. Franklin Institute, Dept. 
602-C, Rochester, N. ¥. 
HELP WANTED—Women wanted to learn 
nursing. Demand greater than supply. 
Good pay. Learn at home.in spare time. 
Earn while learning, Entire tuition can be 
earned in few weeks. Special offer includ- 
ing free nurse’s equipment. Write for full 
particulars, Chicago School of Nursing, Dept. 
J, 421 So. Ashland Boulevard, Chicago, Ill. 
$25 WEEKLY up. Fascinating employment, 
mailing circulars at home, now open, Also 
fine traveling positions; either sex; expe- 
rience unnecessary. Write quick for work. 
Workers’ Service Co., Dept. 44, Jacksonville, 
Fla. 
COLORED 


COOKS, MAIDS, . NURSES, 
HOUSEGIRIS, WAITRESSES, CAFE 
160% AUBURN AVE. 
HIGH-GRADE stenographer and typist, ex- 
perienced in bank statement work; $150 
per month. If inexperienced, do not apply. 
Bellamy Employment Agency, 1627 Candler 


GIRLS, learn millinery. Be independent. 
Demand for milliners increasing daily. 
Making and trimming taught in four to six 
weeks’ course, $45. Fashionable dressmak- 
ing and designing, $65, Sparks Practical 
Millinery College, 444% Whitehall st., Atlan- 
ta, Ga, 
EARN $25 weekly, spare time, writing for 
newspapers, magazines, Exp. unnec., de- 
tails free. Press Syndicate, 150,.8t. Louis. 
HOME WORK—List of 10 firms supplying 
various profitable spare-time home work, 
25c.! Howard Co., 3331 Campbell, Kansas 
City, Mo, 
PHOTOPLAYS, 5,000 ideas needed, Work- 
ing girl paid $10,000 for ideas she thought 
worthlegs. Details free. Write Producerr 
Teague, 133, St. Louis. 
WANTED immediately, experienced hand 
embroiderers; chocheters; hemstitchers. We 
furnish material, paying liberally for mak- 
ing. Stamped envelope brings particulars. 
Underwood Art Goods Co., Portsmouth, Ohio, 
STENOGRAPHERS earn more money, A 
very interesting circular for stamp. W. 
D. Browning, 71 Poplar, Memphis, Tenn, 
PERMANENT agent: your district, instant 


selling necessity. Sample and details, 25c. 
Address or see Guille, 161 W’hall, Atlanta. 


WANTED—Five men of good 

appearance and address to 
represent the Sanity League 
of America. Fine Opportunity 
for those willing to work. See 
Mr. Noland, 615 Forsyth Bldg: 


THE Bosch Ignition Corporation will ap- 
point 2 men for this vicinity to act as 
sole agents for the sensation of the auto- 
movile industry—a simple but precious in- 
vention that sells under $5. We expect 
to sell 50,000 in this state this year. This 
is a rare opportunity to gét into the auto- 
mobile business for yourself. Whomever we 
appoint will have one of the best money- 
making propositions offered in this locality, 
Experience in automobiles not necessary 
but you must have references. Small cap- 
ital required to get started. If interested 
act quickly and send us your references. 
Adffress H-531, Constitution. 
BE A CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT. 
LA SALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY, 
513 FORSYTH BLDG. IVY 23 
WANTED—Three good Linotype machinist. 
operators, non-union, 48 hours, 850 per 
week, No strikes, Steady work. Apply by 
wire our expense advising when you can 
report, to the Williams Printing Co., 11 N, 
Fourteenth St., Richmond, Va: 


WANTED—Dentist for location in orange 

belt of Florida, Will pay salary and com- 
mission. Or can have location. Must have 
equipment. Give particulars first letter. Ad- 
dress F-60, care Atlanta Constitution. 


WANTED—Manager and salesman for office 
supplies and furniture department, State 
experience, galary desired for permanent po- 
sition and give’ references. ,Queen City 
Printing Company, Charlotte, nA C. 
FREE electrical book, Tells how to earn $12 
to $30 a day. You can learn electricity at 
home and earn as you learn, Write today. 
Chief Engineer, 2144 Lawrence, Chicago, 
DiieTECTIVES—Needed everywhere; good 
pay interesting work. Send for free infor- 
mation covering our system of educational 
advancement. International Detective Ex- 
change, 112 W. Adams, Chicago, 
WANTED—Men to learn cotton business in 
our sample rooms. Also teach by cor- 
respondence. Type samples. Established 14 
year. Charlotte Cotton School, Charlotte, 
North Carolina. 
IY you have the ability, appearance and 
education to talk to doctors, we have a 
speciality they buy readily at $15, paying 
you $3.75 an order. One for druggists sells 
for $12 and pays you $3 an order. Samples, 
selling helps and training free. Address 
details as to age, experience and references 
to J. B. Lippincott Company, Philadelphia. 


BRICKLAYERS, carpenters and builders 
wanted. Send for free book, “‘How to 
Read Biue Prints.’’ No charge. Write to- 
day. Chicago Technical College, 2108 Tech. 
Bidg., Chicago, Ml. 
MEN, 18, over, wanted for govt. positions, 
Railway mail, postoffice. Other positions, 
Salary $130 month. Experience unnecessary. 
Write for free information concerning posi- 
tiong and instruction. Columbia School of 
Civil Service, 285 Pope Bldg., Washi’n’ D. ©, 


WANTED—Carpenter to build bungalow. AU 
material furnished, Call at Room 640, 
Postoffice. 
YOUNG man 16 to 18, who can operate Mul- 
tigraph and use typewriter. Give phone 
number, Address H-542, Constitution. 
SALESMAN—High-grade man to establish 
agencies throughout Georgia. Must have 
car and take’ small interest in business. 
Georgia Dehydration Co., 219 Peachtree Ar- 
cade. ‘ 
BE a detective, $50-$100 weekly; travel 
over world; experience unnecessary. 
American Detective Agency. 419 Lucas, Bt. 
Iauis. 
THE international Correspondence Schools 
will train you for position you want, 
Arcade Building. Ivy 7538. 
WE educate men to become trained in- 
vesticators and adjusters; good positions 
open in all state. For full particulars, 
write the Underwriters’ Investigating and 
Adjustment Bureau, Inc., Booth Bidg, 
Springfield, Ml. 
U. 8S. GOVERNMENT wants Railway Mail 
Clerks. $135 month. List free. Franklin 
Inatitute, Dept. 54-C, Rochester, N. Y. 


outdoor clothes line and reel. 
or experience needed. I 
and collect. Sample free to workers, Uni- 
versal Appliance Co., Dept. B. E., 57 Main 
St., Cincinnati, Ohio, 


or replaced free; 


TEACHERS 


WRAAAAKRAMASARISLASAOrreaeeorer—rn~n"” 
WANTED—College degree teachers, 8, A. 
T. A., 402 Wesley Memorial Bl., Atlanta. 
TEACHERS not placed for spring work 
are invited to confer with Mr. Whitebead, 
1131 Healey Bidg.. Atlanta. 


* DANCING 


Fraternity Dancing School 
103%, PEACHTREE S8T., IVY 8473, will 

guarantee to teach you modern ballroom 
dancing in gix lessons. Miss Tom Brantley, 
Miss Marie Carter, Mr. Fred Osteen, three 
expert instructors, will subrent hall for 
dances to desirable parties, 

HURS SCHOOL OF DANCING. Hem, 

9126. Garber Hall, 522 Peach- 

tree. Ivy 8766. 1922 official dance cre- 
ations. Affiliated with American National 
and International Association Masters of 
Dancing. 


AGENTS 


AGENTS—88&e per hour introducing new pat- 


ented automatic self winding indoor and 
No capital 
You sell, we deliver 


MiiN wanted to silver mirrors, plate and 
refinish metalware, autos, chandeliers, 
headlights, Independence assured steady 
workers. $10 daily easy without capital 
or experience. Outfits furnished. Write 
for information. Elton Dacie Laboratories, 
286 Fifth ave., New -York. 
AGENTS~—Our soap and toilet article plan is 
a wonder, Get our free sample case offer, 
Ho-Ro-Co,, 136 Locust, St. Louis. 
AGENTS making up to $20 daily selling 
the 8-in-1 combination, lady’s handbag, 
change purse and parcel carrier. Write 
Bill Brown, 22 W. Jackson, Chicago. _ 


AGENTS—$300 per month; steady pay; new 


style written guarantee hosiery; must wear 
experience unnecessary; 
sample free. ‘Trial will prove. Jennings 
Mfg. Co., Line 112, Dayton, Ohio. 
$50 WEEKLY, Mohawk Foot Pads; guaran- 
teed relief tired, aching feet, men and 
women agents; 10c for sample and details. 
Coger Co., 1619 Edgely St., Phila. Pa. 
SALES agents can make $10 to $15 a day 
selling Cresco Newleather Shopping Bags 
and Waterproof Aprons, Improved Mfg. Co., 
Dept. 228, Ashland, Ohio. 
CAN you sell to colored people? Write 
Recker Chemical Co., St. Louis, Mo, 
AGENTS—Every home buys ‘‘Presto,” a 
repeater, sample free. Address Premier 
Products Corp. 1451 Broadway, New York 
city. 
A BUSINESS of your own, Make sparkling 
glass name plates, numbers, checkerboards, 
medallions, signs; big illustrated book free, 
E. Palmer, 175 Wooster, Ohio. 


CLEANPOL Metal Polishing Cloth cleans, 
polishes all metals; sells fast; repeats. 

Sample free. Write today. The Pomerans 

Company, 811 Broadway, Camden, N. J. 


AGENTS—Make $18 daily taking orders for 
pure silk and wool hosiery for men. and 
women, We deliver. Be the first to take or- 
ders in your town. Write Pure Silk Hosiery 
Mills, Masonic Temple, Chicago. 
QUICK sales, big profits, selling finest 
quality hair nets cheaper than stores. 
Sample and details free. Premiere Impurt 
Co., 109 Water st.. N. Y. C. 


$75 TO $150 weekly. Free samples. Lowest 

priced gold window letters for stores,, of- 
fices, Anybody can do it. Large demand. 
FI-xclusive territory. Acme Letter Co,, 2804 
Congress. Dept. N-150, Chicago. 


AGENTS—Crew managers, scll 3-in-l1 ext. 

hand shopping bag in black or colors; 4 
styles; best quality; low prices; wonderful 
seller; big repeater. Ideal Leather Belt Co., 
Mer., 184 W. Washington, Rm. 408, Chicago. 


HERE'S anw one—$15 a day easy. ‘‘Sim- 

plex Ironing Board Covers.’’ Biggest sell- 
er in years. Every woman wants one. 
New agent made $6 first hour. Act quick. 
W, J. Lynch, Box 621, Springfield, Ml. 


'DRAUGHON’S | XiG8T, sonuct 


offers every ad- 
vantage of day school including #salesman- 
ship. Floor Peachtree de, At- 
lanta. Ivy 8. 
LneS—If U have 2 hands we will teach U. 
Earn and learn. Positions guaranteed. 
Atianta Barber (Colleve, 14 E. Mitchell. 
YOUNG men for railway news service. Ap- 
ply Union News Co., Terminal Station. 


WANTED—Names Atlanta men, over 17, 
wishing become railway mail clerks. $135 
month. Answer today. F-19. care Constitu. 
PRINTERS—First-class book and job lino 
type operators. Strictly union. Southeast- 
ern Press, 112-114 Randolph st., Norfolk, Va. 
FIREMEN, brakemen, beginners $150, later 
250 monthly. Address F-55, care Const, 


SILVEUS’ giasses are cood giaeses. Repairs 
at pre-war prices. 19 South Broad Street. 


Help Wanted--Male, Female 


WANTED—<Agents, men and women, to sell 
Norton’s Tie Press. Presses our tie 
overnight. Just out. Great seller. Big com- 
missions. Sample sent postpaid Tic. W. &. 
Roberts, Apt. No. 2, Kensington Apartments, 

No, 51 Williams Street, Atlanta, Ga. 
BRYAN-HATTON. Business College offers 
positions and training. Ivy 8787, Atlanta. 
U. 8S. government positions pey $092-$100 
month. Steady, no layoffs, no strikes, 
sure pay, short horrs, pleasant work, paid 
vacation, common education sufficient, men- 
women over 17 eligible. List positions obtain- 
able—free. Write today sure. Franklin 

Institute, Dent. 53 D, Rochester, N. Y. 
FOUR young ladies and men to eell a high- 
grade necessity. Must be good dressers, 
talkers a hard workera, Mr, Vari- 

hold a 


good 
gauit. 14 West Baker Street. 

you are qualified and can | ne 

call at 318 Metropolitan building. 

No fee charged. re are a lot of posi- 
tions of all kinds opening up. Ivy 1883. 
JNO. W. JONES EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 
Auburn Ave., is oldest and best 
south for colored help. Ivy 7885. 


WANTED—10 Iadies and 10 men 
had experience In some kind of 


hare 


oS 


1 


AGENTS—Free trial offer. Harper’s com- 

bination brush set and fiber broom. Con- 
sists of five parts, has ten different uses, 
guaranteed for two years’ wear and costs 
less than three corn brooms. It sweeps, 
washes and dries window, scrubs and mops 
floors and does 5 other things. Easy seller 
because it is practical and fits the needs 
of the time. Over 100 pct. profit. Write 
for our free trial offer. Harper Brush 
Works, Dept. 21. Fairfield, Iowa. 


EVERYBODY chews gum. Sell gum to 

storekeepers, Spearmint and all popular 
flavors. Also attractive candy-coated novelty. 
Write today. Helmet Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, 


AGENTS make $72 a week by selling 4 arer- 
age Cresco Raincoats a day. Outfit free. 
No delivering. Improved Mfg. Co., Dept. 
229, Ashland, Ohio. 
AGENTS wanted with estabiished trade to 
sell high-grade imported cutlery; liberal 
commissions: give references and particulars, 
Equipment Corp., 63 Wall st.. New York. 
NO DULL TIMES SELLING FOOD, 
PEOPLE must eat. Federal distributors make 
big profits. $3,000 yearly and up. No cap- 
ital or experience needed—cuarantced sales, 
unsold goods can be returned. Your name 
on products builds your own business—re- 
peat orders sure. Exclusive territory. Write 
Federal Pure Food Co., Chicago. 


AGENTS—Wonderful seller, 06c profit every 

dollar sales. Deliver on spot, License un- 
necessary. Sample free. Mistion, Factory 2, 
2421 Smith Ave., Detroit, Mich. 


1921's GREATEST sensation. 11-piece tol- 

let article set selling like blazes at $1.75 
with dreassmarker’s shears to each 
eustomer. Line up now with Davis for 
1922. FE. M. Davis, Co., Dept. 760, Chicago. 


$1,080 MADE by Wingo tn 6 weeks selling 
Never Fai] razor sharpeners. y ma 
$40.50 first day. Other inexperienced men 
cleaning p big money. Applewhite, La., 6 
orders in minutes. Hurry; investicate; ex- 
clusive territory. Write today. Never Fail 
Co., 120 Allen Bidg., Toledo, Ohio. 
INCREASE your profits, selling soap, -per- 
s, extracts, etc.. as side line. Lacas- 
alan Co., Dept, 642, St. Louis, Mo. 
AGENTS $60-$20 week. Free samples. Gold 
si tters can t on store 
Ifheral offer to 


ES a A RR = 


Monog -- Desk » 191 Market 8&t., 

Newar 

WE start you without a dollar. Soaps, ex- 

tracts, perfumes, toilet goods. Experience 

ped Carnation Co., Dept. 351, St. 
8. 


ram 
k, N. 


RAINCOAT AGENTS—$90 a week. Carry 
| sainpie line and write raincoat orders. No 
delivering. No capital. Famous ‘‘2-in-1’’ Re- 
versible featured. Samples free. Parker Mfg. 
Co., 307 Cover St., Dayton, Ohio. 


NEW OLL LAMP BURNS 94 @ AIR. 
8S. Y. JOHNSON, 875 Aladdin Bldg., 14 

Washington Place, New York City, the in- 
ventor of wonderful new oil lamp that burns 
94 per cent air and beats gas or electricity, 
is offering one free to the first user in each 
locality who will help introduce it. Write 
him for \particulars. 
PRODUCING Tailoring Agents wanted. 

Men’s made-to-order clothing (union 
made). Beautiful materials—lowest prices. 
New Spring Swatch line ready. Leeds Wool- 
en Mills, Chicage. 


STARTLING invention! Eliminates 90 per 
cent auto repairs. Retails $2.50. Over 100 
per cent profit. Every auto must have it! 
King Mfg. Co., 3031 Michigan, Dept. 96, 
Chicago. 
GARTSIDE’S Iron Rust Soap Co.. 4054 Lan- 
caster Ave., Phila., Pa., mfrs. of the best 
and the original Iron Rust Soap, wants 
agents. Trademark, print and copyright 
registered in U. 8. patent office. This s-ap 
removes iron rust, ink and other unwashable 
stains from clothing, marble, etc., like mag- 
ic. 25¢ tube; big profits, 
AGENTS—You’ve always wanted big money. 
Here it is. $16 to $82 a day. New patented 
aluminum handle cutlery set. You simply 
display set and write order. We deliver and 
collect. Pay you daily. Experience unneces- 
sary, Sample free. Try it out. Jennings 
Mfg. Co., Set B-312, Dayton, Ohio. i 
MANUFACTURE at home universally want- 
ed product. Sells to merchants, homes, 
agents. 200 per cent profit. Write for de- 
tails. Thomas, 423 Arch St., Camden, N. J. 


Salesmen and Solicitors 


AN opportunity for an experienced persever- 

ing hard worker to join the sales force of 
a reliable manufacturing company. Salary 
with bonus and expenses advanced, Exclu- 
sive territory in Georgia, Middle-aged man 
preferred. Small car an asset, but not essen- 


tial, Give full particulars, reference and 
phone number for immediate interview. Ad- 
dress F-61, care Constitution. 


DISTRICT SALES MANAGER—Experienced 

salesman, who owns automobile, to sell 
automobile trade, covering half of state, 
Dad’s Factories, Indianapolis, Ind. 


HIGH-CLASS house-to-house salesmen for 
city and road work; best proposition in 
Atlanta, 210 Walton Bldg, 


WANT high-class grocery salesman to work 
Atlanta and vicinity, 442 Edgewood. 


SALESMEN calling on power plants sell 
our high-grade safety device for steam 

boilers on commission. Address 1902 Olive 

street, St. Louis, Mo., for particulars. 


BRUSH salesman to sell products of na- 
tionally known manufacturer. ‘.iberal com- 

missions. American Brush Co., Inc., 113 

Florida Ayenue, N. E. Washington D, C. 


WRUIT TREE salesmen, profitable, pleasant 
business for hustlers. Write today. Con- 
eord Nurseries, Dept. 88, Concord, Ga, 


SALESMEN—A splendid sideline or full time 
proposition; our assortment of adve ising 
fans brings live wire salesman $200 to $300 
monthly; samples light; every merchant a 
prospect; easy to sell; liberal commissions. 
Write United States Calendar Co., Cincin- 
nati, Ohio. 
TO sell good commercial gtate maps for 
business use, in Georgia towns and cities. 
Call 12 to 3 or write 621 Forsyth Bldg., 
Atlanta, Ga. 
SALESMEN—Exceptional opportunity for 
few salesmen who write at once. Live 
men now earning $10 to $100 per day. Mc- 
Cleery Calendar Factory, Washincton, Iowa 


MANUFACTURER of roof cements (paint) 

that does not contain coal tar, has open- 

ing for salesmen, Liberal commissions and 

experses,. Either side Hne or whole time. 

Address William Bruce & Co., Richmond, 
~ 


Virginia. 
CAP SALESMAN 

WORLD'S best specialty medium-priced eap 

house; superb product; needs an addition- 
al high-pressure salesman for choice terri- 
tory. Expenses advanced; highest commis- 
sions. A real opportunity. Send references, 
confidential. J. IT. Cap Co., 102 N. 8rd St., 
Cincinnati, Ohio. 


SALESMEN wanted to take side line of boys’ 
wash stits and coats through south, Com- 
mission 10 per cent. References required, 
Write M. Stredler, 56 N. 6th St., Phila.. Pa. 
MAKE $300 to $500 per month distributing 
Speedoline; easy, permanent work: exclu- 
sive territory; automobile free. Speedoline 
Co., Dent. 22, Dallas, Texas. 
SPECIALTY salesmen to ge!l 
necessities as a side line, 
missions. Exclusive territory. 
chine & Tool Co., Gaston, Ind. 
SALESMEN—Inexperienced or experienced 
city or traveling. Write for list of lines 
and full particulars. Address, Nat’l Sales- 
men’s Tr. Assn,, Dept. 212, Chicago, Ill. 
TRAVELING field representative wanted. 
Should net $10,000 yearly. Choice of ter- 
ritory. Weekly advances. Merchants’ School 
of Adv., File 197, 22 Quincy st., Chicago. 


SALESMEN WANTED to sell our line of 
Circlewove Mops; a year-round easy seller, 


automobile 
Liberal com- 
Gaston Ma- 


and jobbing trade. Liberal commissions. Give 
reference, er ey Produce Company, 
y, Cc 


Greensboro, : 
CAP SALESMAN 
specialty cap 


GREATEST  popular-priced 
Latest models, 


company. Beautiful line, 
highest commission, choice territory for few 
additional high-power salesmen. Expenses 
advanced. Wonderful opportunity. Cincinnati 


Cap Co., Third and Race Sts., Cincinnati, O. 


MANUFACTURER of quality line paints and 
varnishes has opening for salesman of 

ability. Paint experience not necessary, but 

preferred. Address P. 0. Box 707, Rich- 

reel Va. Replies treated in strict cone 
ence, * 


EXPERIENCED salesmen to gel! chinaware, 
glassware, enamelware, aluminumware, 
and trade stimulators. Liberal commission 
a a Established line. Reference 
m or Bradstreet. Eagle Importi Co. 
1900 North 10th St. St. Louis.) 


SELL Holmes Tires and Tubes. No capital 
required. $100 weekly income. Price 
fells them; quality gets reorders. Holmes 
Rubber Co., 1500 W. 15th, Chicaco. 
SALESMAN, corset man preferred, to carry 
a very fine, well made line of brassicres; 
one acquainted in surrounding territory pre- 
ferred, Splendid opportunity and good com- 
mission. State age, experience, territory and 
gline now carrying. Address Formfit Bras- 
siere Co., 230 So. Franklin st., Chicago, Il. 


4 SALESMAN wanted to visit small towns. 


Mention age, references, experience, and 
salary expected, Liberty Beverage Co., St. 
Lonis, Mo, 


SALESMAN with established retail trade in 
Georgia, on men’s nirht shirts and paja- 
mas, by well-known manufacturer. Drawing 
accoumt of $150 per month and expenses, 
with percentage profit. Responses treated 
confidentinl. Address F-33, enre Const. 


AMBITIOUS manegers everywhere, instant 
selling necessity; sample, 25c. Cleanall, 
Hotel Oxford, Atlanta. 


HAT SALESMAN 


HIGH quality Harvest Hat Manufacturers. 
Specialty line. Every merchant a pros- 
t. Immense volume obtained. Lowest 
ices. Expenses advanced. Liberal commis- 

sions and bonus. Fine territory. Need few 

additional high-power salesmen, Samples 
weigh less than 30 Ibs. References required, 

Commonwealth Harvest Hat Co., Dept. 34, 

22nd and Washington, St. Lonis, Mo. 


HIGH-GRADE salesmen for entirely new 
accessory for any automobile. Makes nicht 
driving safe. Can carry in pocket. Every 
car owner buys. Fits any make. Men 
who can stand big profits and atay on job. 
Ray Filter Comranr, Marion, Indiana. 


SALESMEN capable of eelling Davis High- 

Grade Made-to-Measure Clothes at popular 
prices direct to the better class of trade. 
Liberal commissions, Protected territory. 
Powerful advertising campaign and Davis 
“Square Peal” guarantee of satisfaction or 
money returned back of you. Write today 
giving three references. The P. H. Davis 
Tallorire Co., Cincinrati, Ohio. 


ROOF crment salesman to sell roof cement 

and other ashestos products direct to fac- 
tories, industrial plants and large consum- 
ers; if you are now producing business but 
feel you are hot getting sufficient pay for 
it, here is an opportunity to become asso- 
ciated with a million-dollar concern and the 
pioneer manufacturer of roof cements. Com- 
mission basis. Full protection on territory. 
We want only real, snccessful salesmen. Our 
proposition is worth better than $10.000 to 
the right man. Give full information re- 
garding yourself and territory you are now 
working. Armstrong Paint & Varnish Works 
(Established 1954), 5 N. LaSalle St., Chicaco. 


WANTED—Hich-class salesmen to sell busi- 

ness cards h premiums. $3.900 to £10,- 
000 yearly. Permanent position. Kent Silver- 
ee Bureau, 1609 W. Van Bu- 


a 


WANTED—High pressure experierced stock 


Co, 485 | cern, which has 
jock 37%, 


salteman to sell stock in loenl 
unlimited 


aid. 


— me —_- 


Handle as side or main line, Sclls to retail | 


ble and supply satisfactory refer 
neces as such. No loafers or irre 
sponsible transients need apply 
The best man of all employed who 
shows by results he is competent 
will be given a permanent position 
as crew manager. Apply to A. C 
fommy, City Circulation, 2d floor. 
omstitntion building 


DISTRICT SALES MANAGER—<Automobile 

tires. Highly responsible tire manufactur- 
ing corporation, building a tire nationally 
advertised and possessing unusual individn- 
ality, a tire that is demanded when once 
used and a tire that stands out supremely 
in a quality classification, now has an open- 
ing for a MASTER TIRE SALESMAN of 
mature age. He must know the tire busi- 
ness from the sales viewpoint and betcapable 
of placing the product with the very best 
tire merchants in the cities and large towns 
tributary to this distributing center. He 
must be a man possessing a large and favor- 
able acquaintance in the trade and whe can 
show results. To such a man we have a 
proposition to offer. Full details must be 
given in first application for®* confidential 
consideration, Address F-63, care Constitu- 


tion. 
HAT SALESMAN 


WORLD'S largest Harvest Hat Mannfac- 
turer, Immerse established trade. Product 
staple, nationally known and used in vol- 
ume. Prices right. Highest commissions. 
Samples 30 Ibs. Need an additional hich- 
pressure salesman for choice territory. Ex- 
penses advanced, end references, confi- 
dential. Caradine Harvest Hat Co., Dept. 
72. 2128 Washington Ave., St. Louis, Mo. 


TO SELL high-grade tallored clothes 
direct to wearer in new and exclusive 
territories. Liberal commissions, We 
guarantee workmanship and fit of all 
clothes we make, Write today, giving 
references. 
DIFHL, KANE & DIFHR, 
Tailors Direct to the Wearer. 
Cipeinnati, Ohio. 


SALESMAN—The LaSalle Extension Uni- 
versity, Chicago lll., southeastern office 
518 Forsyth Bldg., Atlanta, can use a high- 
class salesman selling their Higher Account- 
ancy Course in Georgia territory. Position 
worth $5,000 a year to worker. Leads fur- 
nished from our national advertising. Man 
accepted will be taken out with salesman 
and given instructions how to handle the 
proposition. Telephone Ivy 2840 for appoint- 
ment, e 
SIDE line or full, absclute necessity. Inst. 
seller; sample, 25c. Guille, 161 Whitehall. 


BUSINESS CHANCES 


a ee 


LARGE manufacturing concern 

wants state distributors for 
Georgia, North and South Caro- 
lina, Tennessee, Mississippi, Ala- 
bama and Louisiana. Big paying 
proposition to right party. Inqui- 
ries strictly confidential. Address 
H-545, Constitution. 


WANTED—Local distributor. This fs an 
opportunity to establish a high-class busi- 
ness of your own and make from $3,000 to 
$5,000 per year selling to merchants. Re- 
quire references, capability and small in- 
vestment in supplies. Phone Mr. D. E. 
Sibert, Hotel Ansley, for appointment, 


ry 7 T T 
PARTNER WANTED 
MAN able to mect heads of boards of trade, 

banks, etc., who can travel some in Geor- 
gia. Must have car and make small in- 
vestment. Exceptional business opportunity. 
State ace and expefience. Address H-522, 


Constitution. 
IMPORTER 


CONTROLLING output of a number of Eu- 
ropean factories manufacturing glass elec- 
trical fixtures, wishes distribution or agent 
in Atlanta and surrounding territory. Im- 
porter has many other lines, such as cutlery, 
aluminum hardware, electric drills, motors, 
etc. A real proposition will be offered to 
agent or distributor. G. W. McIver Co., 
Ine., 113 State St., Boston, Mass. 
WELL established office business, any per- 
son with average intelligence can operate. 
Will sell for $300. Worth $2,000. 303 
Georgia Savings Bank Building. 
WANTED—To rent by practical printer -of 
address small one-man newspaper or 
job office in country town. Must be in good 
eondition—no junk, Prefer location in north 
Georgia, Tennessee or North Carolina, Write, 
—— 2 details, T. T. McNelley, Dade- 
ville, a. 


SAVE incorporating expenses and excess 

profit taxes and avoid personal liability 
by organizing your company on the COM- 
MON LAW PLAN under a DECLARATION 
OF TRUST. Anyore, anywhere can fill in 
DEMAREE STANDARD FORMS, issue 
shares and becin doing business same day. 
Pamphlet R-43 free. C. §. Demaree, Legal 
Blark Printer, 613 Walnut, Karsas City, Mo 


CONDUCT your own business. Acquire inde- 
pendence and prosperity, .trading in the 
st-ck market, with stock privileges. $40 to 
$125 controls 100 shares of any stock. Large 
profits possible. Free Booklet No. 2 explains. 
vaul Kavne, 149 Broadway, N. ‘ 
WANTEI—Partner in hand laundry; fine 
proposition; will take $3,000 to turn deal. 
Address H-549, Corstitution. ae 
A $10 INVESTMENT in Mexia may make 
you independent. Postal card will bring 
full particulars, Address Texas Leasing As- 
sociation, Manhattan Bldg., Kansas City, Mo. 
FOR SALE—Crocery stock and meat. fix- 
tnres. 64 Flectric avenue. 


$100,000 CORPORATION — wants capable 
man to open office and manage sales- 
men for high-class new device, Costs £2, 
retails $5. Every home a prospect. Big 
money-making possibilities for right man. 
Opening in every city. $500 to $2,000 
necessary to finance exclusive agency. 
Seott, 82 W. Washineton, Chicao, 
RESPONSIBLE @orporation wants general 
salesmansgers to open branch offices and 
manage salesmen. $1,000 to $5,000 capital 
necessary. Will allow expenses to Baltimore 
if you qualify, Atlantic Coast Mfg. Co., 603 
N. Enutaw St., Baltimore, Md. 
Before you apply for, sell 
PATENTS or buy any patent or trade- 
mark, address Box 1571-C, (ty. 


20 ROOMS, hotel doing good business, long 
lease, best location, 14 light a 
rooms. Alvin Hotel, 8% N. Forsyth BSt. 
ATTENTION, Mr. Merchant and _ Referee! 
Have you a stock of merchandise that 
you wish to sell? We pay highest prices 
for any kind of stocks of merchandise. 
Write or wire to Snyder & Read, Mullins, 
Sonth Carolina. 


ryy,% 49 
LIGH | KOOTS onportonitios 
( Aak for list.) 2-4 North Prvor St. fT. 7044 
FOR SALE—A 00d poo] room, 206 Decatur 
street. Doing good business, cheap rent, 
lore lease: reason for selling leaving town. 
TRAINED executive, 20 years’ unblemished 
record, will invest $1,000, $2,000 or $3 000 
with services going concern. H-523, Conéti, 
FOR SALE—Preasing club rear barber shop, 
Hoffman press, Bargain. Owners leaving 
city. 382 Gordon. West 9156, 
FOR SALE OR RENT 
WELL-LOCATED pool room on ground floor. 
First-class equipment. Address Colonial 
Pool Room, Macon, Ga. mes 
GET THE AGENCY YOUR 
TERRITORY THF 
“ VACUETTE” NON - ELECTRIC 
VACUUM CLEANER. Improvement over 
all makes ard best value on the market. 
Wonderfnl gelling field, Write distributor, 
"10 Walton. Bidg. 


FOR BUSINESS 


Situation Wanted—Male 


at 


THOROUG 
Hotel Man hichest character, age 34, 
desires position with first-class hotel. Best 
of references. Address Hotel Man, P, O, 
Box 773. 


YOUNG man of excellent habits desires make 
change: 7 years in hich-class salesmanship 
and execntive capacity. Address Sales 
Manager, 350 St. Charlies ave. 


NEWSPAPER adv. solicitor desires position 
with firm offering future. H-603, Const. 


ARCHITECTU KAL engineer, technical grad- 
uate, ten years’ experience, expert 
reinforced concrete and steel; accurate esti- 
mator. Address R. M. Leichton, Hotel Oliver. 
SODA MAN—29 years oid, 14 years’ experi- 
: also understands ltuncheonette; hon- 


charce. References, Address H-539, Const. 


CAPABLE young business man desires make 
change. General office assistant, clerical 

and detail work ty. Address H-537. 

Constitution, 

WANTED—Position in drug store by young 
man, age 25, with six years’ experience. 

Rest refererces. Address F-64, care Const. 

AS HOTEL nicht clerk in Atlanta: now 
emmriered: gincle: anf. ref. H. 54%, Const, 


ty con- 
‘ 


BEG ISTERED crilege graduate, 
| desires position. 


with. 


PLUMBING. 
ALL kinds plumbing, repair work a special 
ty. Reasonable rates. Ivy 4977. 
FURNACE REPAIRING. 
WE repair furnaces right, at the right 
price; chimney work a specialty. Ivy 5568. 


HEATING AND PLUMBING. 


AMERICAN HEATING AND 

PLUMBING CO. 
"EB install heating plants that heat, and 

high-grade plumbing. We are experts, 
Consultation free, Main 6856. 110 S. For- 
syth street. 

MATTRESSES RENOVATED, 

EMPIRE MATTRESS CO.—Mattresses and 

box springs renovated. Ivy 7180. 

ROOF REPAIRING. 


\ Repairs all kinds: 12 months’ 
MOONEY 


guarantee. Reasonable. Hem- 
lock 1056. 


MATTRESS RENOVATING. y 
GATE CITY MATTRESS CO,.\— Renovattig 
a apecialty. Ivy 6478. } ( 
ROOF RFPAIRING. — 
RECUVERING AND REPAIRING. 
Call us for estimate. Ivy 3434. 60 Spring et 
CARROLL ROOFING CO, 
COAL AND. WOOD. 
B. MORGAN, best tn town. Main §993 
East Hunter and Fraser streets, 


OLD HATS MADE NEW. 
OLD HATS Made new, Satisfaction 
guaranteed. Mail  or- 
ders given prompt attention. Acme HGat- 
ters, 20 East Hunter street, 
®AINTING AND TINTING. 
PAINTING, Tinting, Repairing, Plastering. 
Rooms $2-35. Leaks Stonped. West 630-J. 


TRUNKS AND SUITCASES. 


ROUNTREE’S 7 Wnhitenan 


J. 


1576 | 


\ 


ROOFING AND CARPENTER 
ROOFING, all Kinds repairing, building and 


concrete work. Ivy 138. J. EB. 


SHOE REPAIRING 
ARCADE SHOE REPAIR OO, 
BETTER shee repairing at rea 
prices. Ivy 6100. 41 Arcade Bldg. 


BARGAINS IN 
COAL ranges, cook stoves, gas stoves. ete., 
bought, exch. M- 4208. 224 Peters street. 


SHADE CLEANING. 
FOR shade cleaning call Ivy 4225. Henson 
Hill, 34 Horton Street. 


SPRINGS AND WINDSHIELD SPECIALIST 
SAVE 100 per cent on parts. Atlanta Auto 
Wrecking Co., 299 Edgewood Ave. L. 743. 


BUILDING MATERIAL. 
MURPHY POOR BED CO.—204 Peachtree 
Arcade bide. ~~ 
& FURNITURE. 
'T ENITU RE—Ilowest prices: easy terme. 
The Favorite Store, 32 Decatur st. I. 183°. 


ROOF REPAIRING, 
LEAKY RUUFS 
CALL Mack, M. 1813, for immediate results, 


WE are prepared to care for ALL roofing 
trouble. Satisfaction guaranteed. I. 7257. 
United Roofing & Supply Co., 130 Marietta St, 


AUTOGENOT ‘WELDING. 
fHB METAL WELDING Cu., 120-22 South 
Forsyth. Main 3013. Al) parta welded, 


WIRE WHEELS 
Rebuilt and Repaired 
BRIGMAN MOTORS CO. 
207 9-11 IVY ST. IVY 2246, 
AUTOMOLRILE REPAIRING 
JOHN M. SMITH CO. 
AUTOMOBILE COACH WORK 
CAKS REPAINTED 
CUPS re-covered and repaired. Wheels, 


springs and axies repaired. 
120-124 AUBURN AVENUB 


Street M. 
Electrical Contractor 


BRYAN ELECTRIC CO. 


DEALERS IN 
Wiring Dept. Ivy 1790. 


NEW AND USED ELECTRIC MACHINERY. 
fk EDGEWOOD AVP. 


Shop Dept. Ivy 1788. 


Roofing Contractors. 


Roofing Contractors. 


RARALANAANNA*A44A44.4.°.22 4.444444 4A44AA4A44 
WE ARE NOW located in our new offices, 222 


REMOVAL NOTICE 


Palmer Bldg., corner Marietta and Forsyth Sts. 


If you contemplate roofing, phone Ivy 4695, 


ELABORATED ROOFING CO. 


Situation Wanted—F emale 


ere 


~ 


EXPERIENCED and reli- 
able stenographer de- 
sires position; employed 
at present. A-14 reter- 
ences. West 935-W. 


WOMAN of good appearance, thoroughly 

experienced in ready-to-wear business, as 
designer, saleslady, aiteration, ferelauy aud 
fitter, desires position with reliable. house, 
Best references, Address F-59, care Const. 


WANTED—By ex-teacher, a situation as 
‘“‘mother’s helper’ in a refined home. 
Would like care of children. Address F-66, 


care Constitution. 


COMPETENT steno-secretary, 7 years’ exp., 
desires pos. Would leave Atl, H. 554, Cous, 


ee ee ee + oo 


COLORLD hip furnished; the best, male or 
female. Chas. H. Taylor & Co. Employ- 
ment Bureau, 16044 Auburn Ave. Ivy 7171. 


PRACTICAL nurse desires position, Take 
Main 1465-J. 


_ any kind of cases. 
MILLINERY = salesiady and buyer wants 
change, Would leave city. Ad. H-472, Const. 
HIGHLY competent stenographer desires po- 
sition immediately; best ref. Hem. 5270-J. 
EXPERUSNCED, capable, steno, desires per. 
or tem. pos. Office, I, 6848, home, M, 1134 
WANTED—Typewriting to do at home. Will 
take dictation. Phone West 2242-J. 
STE NO-SECRETARY desires pos., 12 years’ 
exp.: handle all office detail. Ivy 4074 
SILVEUS’ glasses are good glasses. Repairs 
at pre-war prices. 19 South Broad Street. 
YOUNG lady steno.; 3 years’ experierce, 
wants position immediately. East Point 350. 


DRESSMAKING 


CHIEDREN’S CLOTHES, 

MACHINE AND HAND 
MADE; INFANTS’ OUT- 
FITS A SPFPECIA4.. 2 
M. 4028X1, 376 WASHING- 
TON ST. 


DRESSMAKING, designing, remodeling; also 
spring suits and coats. Beautiful work, 
Reasorable, Hemlock 4491-W, 


THE FANCIERS’ DEPT. 


POULTRY. 
TRANSOU’S VERY BEST REDS 


EGGS and stock. Anything in high-class 
Rhode Island Reds. Chas, S. Transou, 
390 Greenwood Ave., Atlanta. H. 144-J. 


—— 


FOR SALE—A pen of fine Rhode Isiand 
Red chickens, 894 Spring. Hem. 5720-J. 


BABY CHICKS—AIl breeds, thoroughbred, 

certified, “‘heavy egg production.’’ Popu- 
lar prices. 60-page poultry book, $150 Poul- 
try Course free. Elwood Pusey, East Liver- 
pool, Ohlo. 


Office Furniture For Sale 


FLAT and roll top desk, 4-drawer filing 

cabinet, chairs, typewriter desk, Reming- 
ton typewriter, check protector, ete. Will 
sell singular or all together. 422 Grant 
Rnildineg. 


LIVE STOCK 


cows 
TWO fine recistered Ayrshire heifers: beat 
kind of dairy stock. Will sell at bargain. 
Also good mule. W. 2208-W. or H-529, Conat. 


FURNITURE—For Sale 


BEDS, Hot Binst heater, gas range, chairs, 
rugs, etc. 12 Ponce de Leon Place 
Hemlock 1723-J. 


PET STOCK 


‘ DOGS. 


ARE you Interested in dogs? Send 25 cents 

(stamps or coin) today for 3 months’ sub- 
acription Sportsman's Digest. Contains tnter- 
eating, illustrated stories on dogs, hunting, 
fishing, etc. Sporteman’s Digest, 15 W. 6th 
St., Cincinnati, Ohio. 


WANTED—Miscellaneous 
25% MORE MONEY 


"Cot than furniture. 


et the Cash. 
FULTON FURNITURE CO. 


16-18 BE MITCHELL 8T. MAIN 1173. 
WANTED — Edison Diamond 
Disc phonograph. Must be 
cheap for cash. Address H-555, 
Constitution. : 


WE BUY Hevse and oftice turni- 


bdie * ture, Boorstein’s, Ivy 
WANTED—Gasoline and oil power pump, 

capacity not under 100 gallons per minute 
at normal speed; also gasviine engine or m>- 
tor to operate same. Can't use junk. 1165 
8S. Main etreet, Greenwood, 8. C. 


PUKNITURE BOUGHT AT Sh at CASH 


PRICES. SWIFT FURNITU co. 7 
SOUTH PRYOR. MAIN 3978. 


FOR SALE—Miscellaneous 


ONE WEEK SALE OF 
SURPLUS ARMY GOODS 
FIELD SHOES 
EASILY WORTH $5.00 


We have a large supply of U. 8S Amn 
reguiation Field or heavy work shoes, and 
in order to make room for other stock we 
are selling this week for ....$2.19 delivered 


O. D. WOOL BLANKETS 


These blankets are brand-new, easily 
worth $10.00. We are going to’ sell this 
week only sseehédess< eneces $2.90 


TARPAULINS OR 
TRUCK COVERS 
17x31 Coe cereeoccerecdeccsccceccesce Hann. OU 
14x14 8 8.00 
10x12 e< $ 7.50 
The above tarpaulins and truck covers are 
absolutely water-proof and made of 12 az, 
ducking, all sizes, 


TENTS’ 


16x16 Tents Co ccosccccsccssces Ginn 
1 gold medal folding cot free with each tent. 
0x9 Wall tent 


eer eevee eee veer eee eeeaeeeoeeeeeaeeee 


ARMY SLICKERS 
$1.95 EACH 


Absolutely “NEW.” Can yon beat thas 
price? 


WOOL UNDERWEAR 


Now we are selling for 95c a genuine $3.00 
value reclaimed underwear, per garment. .50c 
Tuxedo Tobacco. 

Full 15¢ size package, absolutely fresh and 
in perfect condition ............5¢ 
Also in lots two dozen to carton, $1.20 

carton. 

All mall orders given prompt and accurate 
attntion, 

Catalogue sent on request. 


DIXIE GOVERNMENT. | 
STORE 


245 Marietta St. 


&. 


Atlanta, Ge. 


FOR SALE—FLAT 
NEWSPRINT PAPER 
SUITABLE FOR SMALUJ 
PUBLISHERS-AND JOB 
PRINTERS. THE PRICE 
IS RIGHT. P. O. BOX 

1731, ATLANTA, GA, 
ALL kinds of new, sec- 


BOTTLES ond-hand bottles and 


cans. Atlanta Bottle Supply Co., 162 Pete 
Street. Ivy 8733, — : a 
SILVEUS’ glasses are good glasses. Repairs 

at pre-war prices. 19 South Broad Street, 


BUY FROM 


CITY COAL CO. 


AND SAVE MONEY. 
FOR SALE—PIANO CHEAP. 25 UTH 
ASHBY STREET. ot 
NEW HOME SEWING MACHINE, In origi+ 
nal factory crate. Never used. Taken on 
debt. Bargain, Call 31 Cone street. 


DIAMOND, 1% carats, very fine qual.; must 

_ sell immediately. Ivy 2849-J. . 2 

THREE flat top desks, 1 roller oth 
office furniture, Ivy 6920. me = 


PI AN PLAYER, $1,000  instra- 
ment, 200 rolls music, for 
Mitchell Street. 
NEW and used bicycles cheap, Shearin Cycle 
& Supply Co., 81 Marietta St. 
TWU DIAMONDS, 1.30-l00-k, Must be 
sold. M-24, care Constitution, 
CA DON’T buy vacuum clean- 
SAVE 50% er without seeing the 
wonderful Vacnette. No electricity requ! 
no expense; great efficiency; most 
venient. 210 Walton Building. Ivy 1451. 
PIANU, upright, good condition, Only $125, 
Walter Hughes Piano Co., 86 N. Pryor St, 
FOR SALE—Slightly soiled Webster's very 
latest New International Dictionary, Cheap 
for cash. C. 0. F., Constitution office. 
NEW AND USED SCALES FOR EVERY 
PURPOSE. TOLEDO SCALES CO., 108 


MARIFTTA. 
BARBED WIRE 22U8 mints 
inches apart; new, government surplus 
stock, painted Diack; 40 rods to roll; worth 
$4; our price only $2.25. Send money with 
order. Satisfaction guaranteed or money ree 
funded. Stein & Co.. 1 Grant st.. Atlanta, 
ELECTRIC vacuum cleaner, brand-new ate 
tachments; half price for cash, Ivy 1451. 
HAVING moved, have 1 Moore heater and 3 
—m 7 sg heaters for sale. Call Hem- 
or ; : 


HOUSWHOLD furniture of all kinds cheap 
for cash. 8S. M, Snider, 8S. Forsyth et. 


red; 
con- 


WANTED—Small amount office partition, 
fitted plate glase or ground giass. Orange 
Crush Bottlirg Co. Phore Ivy 10961, 
WANTED—Upricht piano for cesh; must be 
good condition. Give make, age and 
price. Addrees H-547, Constitution. 
WANTED—Compilete ice plant except boiler, 
25 to 40 tons capacity, first-class condi- 
tion and rea] bargain. Address ¥-62, care 
Corstitution. 
SILVEUS’ ginsees are good classes. 
at pre-war prices. 19 South Broad 
bOOKS— in ge0a condition; Dest pousible 
prices paid for aaisbie material ivy 452 
freat’s Renk Store. 92 North Forsyth street. 


' you wish 


Repairs 
Strevt. 


. Auburn, Ala, 


to dispose of your house 

fvrnishings, pianos, etc., call Ivy 1646. 
HOUSEHOLD gocds tre! Aug 
th wn, 


thon Co, 10-13 Bb 
a 


Main 3645. 
1.25-100 GENTS’ diamona; fan k; 
amel mtg., $425, M-24. care a 
DICTAPHUNES like new, including shaves. 
500 Anstell Bldg. Ivy 328. ale 
*IRNIT! Kke— Kugs, stoves, ete, Halt? price 
ard leas. Swift. 72 South Pryor 
vat ttn meee ae ef the better kind 
a or ibeon 
Furriture Exchange. 23 &. Mitenctt oe” 
SAVE your phonograph. All makes ired. 
Rag rps parts. ‘eee Phonogra or = 
n 0. 
Estab. 20 years. 18 N. aoe ae 9380. 
FOR SALE—One dental X-ray machine, al- 
Ales 1 dental x ~< me ey mee oan 
-ray currel 
£350, Phone Ivy 2056. 


¥ % 


ere . a TIT v 4 in 2 ; % é ta : 
¥ a. a e ee q © i Rasrcnractbiinesiting oo taiow ee ee Oe Nae ee ee a ea ee Russe Ped pitas: Pacino tas: tase fo ete 
. . " “ me ae . — “as: % oo" 4 _ ™ 1 ate a x 


Dea igs ft Coc ee TO ye tee ee. hg a ee ee on — “ 
- 


Se 5 ae x = s, Pee a RS Ae -_ 
y ee . ; — , = yee 
= d * 
a 2 x * }. : 
AUCTION SALES AUTOMOBILES—For 
‘ ow bs 


ite 
oe 


. 
+ Se 


ONEY TO LOAN — 


—eE—e—eeEeeeeeaeaee ae eee 


ue 


ll ll li 


we roN. Cech Me mapestys, 4 es | - z , : . ™ , 

¥ t > = y ke . , A a . : . » d = ea " —— 7 

ee > 7 F ee oa wy - -— Se OT OR RS ot hee a>, shes EP bu ex re re ee a + ‘ , xo 
ss 


o 


el > « 


Nugeer 


ST., house 
- BOULEVARD, house 


Po Pe Po Bee Be be be 


sr +t te Fe wow © 
te 
— 
o 


beget 


*? ex e+eee e@68 
E. GEORGIA AVE, fiat .. 
1 GLENNWOOD AVE., apt. 
ORANGE ST., flat 
OLIVER ST., house ... 
. Mat 


12 RAWSON ST., apartment... 42 


od dade 


Po be 


mi SeEs 


| 
- 
< 
F 
” 


PREETI ARAOIAINE oO 
oo 


pe Pe Pe oa be 


a ee ee 


spranah S f Ai 
CAMP GORDON AUCTION GOOD USED CARS 10-Atlanta’s Biggest Values—10 TWO furnished connecting. front 
THE ENTIRE furnish- ai ne Be — rooms, steam heat. 175 Gordon | ® ROOMS, d-story trick 
: ; 1920 Maxwe . YOU WILL AGREE that it is far bett =, st ; al ; Gunes, Smads 
Rose Bros. & Co. ings of a Poncianna : LIABLE BIRM tm the beginning then to Wek unter oot oe lee ee ~~ wie a ag wast leans | 6» Corner Peeples, Next to Howell 
apartment including 1919 Studebaker Touring, 4 cyl, car that we offer is aw safe a ae gee bed, Brey Park. Phone West 54, 
EW YEAR P : { t di ; 1916 Buick Touring. buyer. Every car oj sesenanicanit cebest. on some pam Sur Aaele eon y paid bal DELIGHTFUL 
N American walnu ning EASY TERMS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE. << te room, in home near 
N room suit, mahogany, §7 Cadillac Touring. ne ss men: conducted in «| Druid Hills, steam heat; every 
said dames walnut and ivory bed 1918 Dodge Roadster. \ Ba By a yee mole a ome bas been thoroughly overhanled and "oye ee ar > jeg may Ot gratanen: 
ITH its depression is dead. : er Touring, 6 cyl TERMS. i ta res. price is only $1,500. eg cy guaranteed: quick serv- : Ee 
seg ihe : , room suite, mahogany and | 191? rege debaker 7m Call, write of phone, Ivy SSs. | > pg a Bo aye wn ‘asta one 
* 4 é ° ' of , ; 
Pe a ee Sows te Melory & walnut chifforobe 7 very 1919 Big. ” FRANKLIN—Late model touring car. Looks and runs like new: equipped as yey te LOAN SOCIETY garage. Address H-516 Constitu- 
the biggest building year. It has! nandsome cane back liv-| 1920 Ford Sedan. ve ae a ee ee 7 ee ym gg By tion. 
already started. Each mail brings : : ‘ ! : Licensed Superintendent of Banks. ser 
‘us hundreds of. inquiries from peo-| ing room suite in finest} prompt Shipment of Studebaker || OAKLAND~This 1921 model touring car has been run only 1.300 miles: it is Member of Auanta Chamber of Commerce. | THE. ADOLPH ae nace sit: 
us Hun q P < ‘ -ae : just the same as a brand-new car. We can sell this car at a real sacrifice $35, $40. 10% East Harris street. Ivy 6587. 
le preparing silk velour, cost $575.00; Parts to all Points. | | | price. Terms, LOAN PE ACHTREE INN ® 7 
, od y yy omnes b ices t. I 7205. 
O LIVE IN THEIR OWN | also a 10-piece mahogany | \ CHANDLER—1921 model; Sedan; run very Uttle; equipped with five cord tires Commercial and family hotel. Hot water, 
dinin room suite solid Hill-Yarbrough Motor Co. ° tire cover, two bumpers, cut-out, Klaxon horn, bullet lights, nun-giare See ene 8 See teuh, 150 00 CLEP Gay. 
| HOM ES AND WE ARE g ? sebee a —— a special paint job. This car would cost you $2,400. We can sell 3 Per Cent GATE CITY 7 0 4. L, furnace- 
” QUOTING THEM THE — | Mahogany davenport ta- Studebaker Distributors or $1,500. Easy terms per_week and up. 108% South Forsyth St, 
: 4 N ; ROO} F uN 7 
ble, fiber reed furniture | 247 Peachtree St. Ivy 151| — cHANDLER—ale 1000 model club fosdster Yooks and rims ike anew car. ON MOUGRHOLD. geods, Liberty! "e baasce.) hetenes. cone ak Lean eee 
LOWEST PRICES e ° ; ; ‘ - bonds ] d d t eq ’ SLMPSON ST., fiat *eeee 25. 
In 1vory and gray enamel | — = | it is im exeelleat condition. The price is only $750. TERMS. » indorsed notes and per. rorrest Avenue Ivy _7998-J. 3B, pec 3 Aye ecu a+ 3B 
se “ 77 ) sonal property of all kinds. g, t, furnace-heated front room, , . apt. . @ 
a ons finish ; odd dr CSSCTe, chif Here are some honest dukeen' CLEVELAND—1920 mode! touring car. Has been thoroughly overhauled and uel. haus go eines eke peice t. Sean ‘~ 
: ; S t el | repainted. You would certainly appreciate this little car if you will come 20-D CARNEGIB WAY ee” dite ze. RIVERS REALTY Cor 
WHO’S savings account are you foniers, Immons ste out and see it. The price is extremely low. Our casy payment plan will help S th S itv € a CARNEGIE WAY, top floor. Steam- ” 
going to swell this year? Your} beds. felt mattresses, in Used Cars: you to buy it and use it while paying for it. outnern security Co, Sieh eee een ne 2d be cot almer Bidg. > 
| ; me NICE! shex ‘Foom, steam heat, con- rner Forsyt and Marietta St ; 
Ie3 . . 215-21 ver 4 . orth sid . 3 . *riv --_ $1 
own or your landlord's: spreads, table linen, rugs, REBUILT FRANKLINS OT et ae a= * age ~ model; in excellent condition. Looks 6 Atlanta Nat'l Bank Bldg. family. Refined couple preferred. H. suLL.W. | ay 
NEVER WILL YOUR ~obpprelalaeel Axminster, Brussels and 1920 Touring »...+.:- $16 € ns good. Can ught for one-half the original price, TERMS. Second Floor. Phone Ivy 8131 “private bath nye ot "boat? ie ae FOR RENT f 
Ty TO BUILD & Wilton art squares, hall 1919 Teesritie cccccvte .$1,480] MARMON—Club roadster. ate model and the classiest car in town. The LO AN a ior — Brvne Thang nt nee HOUSES AND APART- 
THAN RIGHT NOW. di BE a 0 price is very low. Our easy payment plan enables you to own it without S—$24 TO $300 entrance, steam heat adjoins bath with tub 
runners, Tr ockers, oak din- 1918 Touring ..-+-+e+: .$ 95 pinching your pocketbook. we HOUSEHOLD GUUDS and pianos at le- | and shower; hot water ali hours. References 
? , rates without remoy required. Ivy 9080 
ing room suite, mahogany | 1920 Coupe. iu y_ 9080. 
; BUICK—We are going to sell this 1918 model tourin f EC CITIZENS L A ‘ ONE nicely furnished housekeeping down- 
LOOK AT THESE breakfast room suite and OTHER MAKES good mechanical condition, runs fine and has new cord tires. See it and 301 2 Bh nil a SON a eens AO WE Cain. st 94 Summitt Ave, 5 | 
; 3 ou will buy it. IVY 5295. IVY 5296 AT ONCE to couple, two little ladies or two , rooms, 
PRICES: many other fine house- | oy. ON diamonds, valuabies, Li Tt qlee heen” -Sepiahed Tom, Hight, phane, NO heat ........0.+-$65 
ae 1919 Marmon 7-pass. 4 o, Veneers, Saberry Donde, ete. | quiet home. 213 8. Ashby. “W. 1881. 480 Whitehall St., 6 roo 
SPECIAL furnishings too numerous 7 ARMON--7-passenger touring car. This is a late model and anoth¢ wonder- iene strert. NICELY furnished room adj. bath, in pri- rae 
HOT AIR FURNACES, all leading ‘ ° Touring oe reeee , ful bargain,«JIf you want a real good car that is an honest buy at one- _home. West 673-J. . duplex ..........$46.80 
makes. Worth $85 to $125. , to mention, to the highest 1920 Cleveland . ole f tae origing Pice, see this. | WANTED—MONEY BEAUTIFUL inane ee HovsEe ae 
cial price. . . . . r y F " EPPO P PPP LID RIOnnnnnnAAAAAAA _ arge closet, pri. entr., pri. bath. W. 718, as rteen Sus 
DIMENSION lumber Ko, a bidder, Tuesday, J anuary 1920 ee ac wg ie F I HAVE FINE DEMAND FOR| OND attractive front room, connecting kitch- AE TOUR. cicidccccs SEG 
aaj in Hpeciticd tengins, per our, | 10, at 10:30 a. m., Central | 1918 Buick Touring -----s E.R. Parker Motor Co MONEY ON REAL ESTATE, | paty. ateo garaze. ivy sieo, 2" “°] 170 Oglethorpe St, seven 
sand square fect , J. ° ; Pes : . . iS I Ls, 7 F PE Pr am A Whe Mine - ~ roo coecccecceseses | 
sad, pee theuennd oxesse fect so} Auction Co., 10-12 East} Most of these cars have — . i CENT. WILL NOT LEND OVER | “bahenten Sa hee Om | og Tira “Ave. 6 rooms; 3 
COMMON beards mined widths 4° 15o9| Mitchell St. ee ae ee ve cratic Mee ada BALD VALUE OF PROPERTY: | "ls pees bee ter peas | gg ee 
prop siding, 6-in., per thousand sq. ft. 15.00 wil sirange | terms. Phong Hemlock 5203. COLLECT.’ YOUR INTEREW? | siinY. ctstm-tated tem clean Te ee ee 
YIOORING, per thousand sq. ft. ..... 16.00) AT AUCTION. Monday, | sponsible parties. FREE. W. A. FOSTER, 104 N. _P’tree apt.; refined gentleman, H. 473-W. rooms 
DRESSED and matched 6-in., pestle ay ~ USED FORDS wheat ne tah harm SEVERAL choice rooms, newly renovated, 70 Woodward Ave. Nine 
thousand 9a. ft. January d, at 10:30 a. 1921 FB Touring, start d littl 7 4 WANTED. Chattahoochee river bot- i wel Bn 5 PO Ee Bh ) TOOMS .....s+e++00-- $65 
*SeKr : . : ing, Starter, use W ohb ack sccedens toa beteecetnsOeee om farm, 7 miles Five Points, worth §20,- | LOVELY room, sunny apt., refi: piron- 2 
sg, ont -_ ft. m., at 397 Peachtree, sev- Franklin Motor Car Co. cons Fy Pouring, PLOPESE, GOON GNDU, 5 Fi dine Se Chere ec viviceces "360 000, Pay 8 pet. and fees, "HST, Consti. ment; gentleman. 607 Ponce de Leon. 3-6. ge eke: ro 
9 Keo N , ~ ; - rr a ge - <a ng eer e eee eee eeee 
TOWER, Bele Vepalmhed, OOOO coc acidic dsecacceseces Bee yo eth er paper 3 ee ee 62 Brooks  Ave., — 5. 


CEILING, 4-in., per thonsand «q- ft. 15) anol eonsionments of new Ss cides 
= 94 W. Peachtree street 1918 Forouring, good mechanical shape .........esececcecececes 125 Purchase Money Notes. Hemlock 20191. FOOME 2. ccvcccvccces Se 


CRATING lumber, per thousand sq. ft. 10.09 d ] fj 1; 
<HORT blocking, per thousand sq. ft. 5.00) aN) usec Ine mealum 1919 Forouring, starter, type MOtOr ..........ecececceeeceeess 1BU DESIRABLE room in steam-lieated house; 377 Woodward Ave., Five 
| 593-J. FOGUE * os cc icsncneeunel 


CLASS A DOORS, 5 cross:panel. eve . 591 grade housefurnishings, Ivy 2407. 1916 Forouring, motor good eabeapheesnoumebeesiakey Se! Pt ——- sai 
-cagecng : ORS, 5 cross panel, size ti (ry f di . Two Chs, GRGR  . ccwive 6666660 Ben beeneboesceteg” Fa MORTGAGE NOTES. ie ee ae ae a ee we 5 
CLASS B DOORS, S : : consI1s ing O ning room, 1921 Forouring, starter, motor good ...... . 275 FOSTER, 104 NORTH PRYOR ST. a A ha nh ROGERS REALTY & TRUST : 
ee ease teeseseeenere IVY 5986. COZY 2-room, fur. apt.; elec.; hot bath, ; COMPANY % 


2-8x6-8 “iee any 
bedroom, living room and U SED FORDS 1920 Fotedan, just repainted, bargain ic “tn cian ak died vk Dk ot 400 $30. Private home. Hemlock 2007-3 R 
oe Ben Padgett,. Mgr. x 


CLASS C DOORS, 5 cross panel, size T Demountabl F 
2-8x6-8 : : : eS 1921 Touring Demountable 1920 Forsdan, good mechanical shape .........seesseee. 350 ROOM for gentlemen i{n_ priv ‘amily, 
library furniture in suites | “Wheels and starter; prac- 3 1920 Ficoupes, starters, repainted ...........sseeeees: 400 STOCKS AND BONDS Price $25." Phone. mornings. Tem, 152%. oo Marietta SC ivy 6100 
$ 36 E. NORTH AVE.—Nicely furn. h’keeping 


GLAZED DOORS, 2-8x6-8 

AS 5-6), light outside meas- ° : 

Siyrrment 3x3 and odd Pleces, large early now 4 only five 1920 Forgéht Truck, canopy top body se ecccccece -- 100 |S rED Te 3 . — | % E. NORTE —Nicely, furn. ik 
Q9 ring, use yi sor Al » o buy or 10 shar _ rooms, with or without private bath. 

1921 Touring 1920 Fordnabout, starter, demountable rims ...........+..+++- 225] Holfast Rubber’ Co. atock, gig a Seana Ith oF without private bathe 


urement 34x34 inches, each : f ; 
DOOR AND FRAME, complete, set Up, iron safe, sk a P 
, are desk, ete. Ax months 350.00 | 1917 Ford)about, with slip-on body : 50 | 41 Fairlie street, City. Hemlock 4678-J. FOR RENT 


practically new ° we 
laine , AND FRAME, complete, IST , oY 920 Coupe, seat cover, shock x , y > . ---~ 
WINDOW AND minster and Wilton rugs, fi D SDIATE DELIVERY ON ALL NEW MODELS. 2 FURNISE 8314 Hous- FOUR-ROOM COTTAGE 
24 HAYGOOD AVE.—Just off Capitol 


with two 10x16x6 light sash, set up. vas range refriver + 1 absorbers and Decker 
| Sat 5°; TIgerator,| wheel 375. LIBERTY BOND FURNISHED room, steam heated apart- 
BUDRY MOTOR COMPANY ONDS mene, Teomecting’ bathe Highland “Rees ] y9GGHUe. A. cozy little ome, | Reome x 


GARAGE DOORS, up, from + ‘ 
t 
WALL BOARD, per thousand sq. ft. | cut lass te; ’ Roadst with starter 250.00 
CAO) a wa on a 1920 oa 8 er ; . he fal S14 . - or ’ ~ 
oe? 1918 Light Delivery, with 169 Mariety, Phone Ivy 446, | BEST prices paid for Liberty bonds. H. F, | 0ck off Ponce de Leon. Cull Hem. 90S-J.} baths. Storage ‘Yoom in rear is Te-’,. 
—__— = West, 518 Atlanta National, LARGE, modern room, steam heat, north served. No small children, “a 


PLASTER BOARD, per thousand 84, | re | 
Feng ; e . , > 1?” . ee 

BCRIEN DOORS, up from ....++ sone veny Te saree mahogan} screen body . ue Be "5 
WINDOW FRAMES, up from ..seee- library table; utensils, 1920 1-Ton Truck, good body IRES TIRES GENTLEMEN—Steam heat, twin beds, conn, J. R. SMITH & M. S. RANKIN .<” 
| blanke : *\ and cord tires 400.00 — INSURANCE bath. $4 each per wk. Pri. home. W. 599-J, 6614 N, FORSYTH. a 
an <ets, ete, must £O to Immediate delivery on all new | TWO ADULTS, two rooms and kitchenette, "53 
inna aat acne aerial alia tact ton tas separate entrances. Phone-West 1561. FOR RENT 


DOOR FRAMES, up TrOM ccccevecses 
STAIRWAYS, complete e ; 
BETTY & GLENN — Insurance, all} kinds. epee ee onsernn seentgreiincneonens ‘est 1561. 

1417 Citz, & Son. Bank bide. Tel. L. 7381. NICELY furnished room, Furnace heat. 


TOILET OUTFITS, vitrous china, tank the highest bidder Mon- models. . 
tank and bowl complete, guaranteed ie F —Cash or Terms— VHAT DO YOU BUY? | Hemlock _2580-J 
aherteet condition 69 | day at 10:30 a. m. at 397 : TY‘ wHiemioex 2000-3" > “| SHARP & BOYLSTON 
DAVID T. BUSSEY "\tlen, handsomely furnished room white ese | 278 SIMPSON, 8 BR cesccoeose.o- OMe 


LAVORATORIES, size 18x21, a > . yes E 
2.75 | Peacht1 ce. Authorized Ford Dealer. WHEN YOU,hase a tire are you influenced by the NAME or the MONEY—On Real Estate | path, colonial brick home. Garage. Hem, 8387. = eh tity BR. ccccccccccccesece 4 
na : —— 280 S.PRYOR, 8 R. 


rim, eomplete with fittings 
KITCHEN SINKS, up frOM seeceees =: 4? ° PPP PPAR AAnnnn~nnmennnnnn nannnnna APRCE - : es a ep, Cverececeseccese 
- ve SINKS, ename], CACN seoccess % B BERNARD 188 Peachtree St. Ivy 360 PRICE ly be a high price for a NAME or a low PRICE for a 6Y Real F t t [ —— encanta malaga ~ Spa SG eA, ©. ee ee 
. seesanaaete ty : . 4 s j . enimmcniieaieeas eed now aoe — a SS 2 }. F 
URINALS, china ; , A 4 " OAKLAND CONVERTIBLE SEDAN. tire of questid, quality. At the Chain Store Quality and Low Price WH tn Matis $1 Sr ol a ' NICELY furn. rooms, heat, and walking dis, sa NG, 7 
RANGE BOILERS, 30 gallons ere i uctioneer THIS is an ideal car for winter use and you] go hand in halyy e Buying Power—Immense Sales at a small profit dential property during the past th gy __Every cony. 198 W. Peachtree, H. 1253-W, | 265 
~~ u ying bast year, a 
RANGE BOILERS and steel tanks, u can make an open car out of it in the doh 2 6 per cent interest. Decatur loans 7 per | LOVELY front room, garage. $15. Will 16 
capacity 40 gallons to 600 gallons, 10.5 HORSES AND VEHICL summer time. It has been repainted a benu- make your avel further with us. cent. Let us bandle yours. Loans passed | _furn. b’fast. M. 4389-W. 605 Washington 
up from - ES tiful blue with cream wheels, and the a immediately. TWO nicely furn. bedrooms, connecting or 
ALL sizes Pipe, Fittings, Valves, Soil ROR nnn, | is only $450. If you can beat it we wou 30x3 Non-Skid. ., 82x4 Non-Skid. . .$15.95 30x34g Cord.......$11.45 ¥ 3 J Bettes & Co Inc single. Apt. convenience. Hem, 4200-W. 
Pit Showers Faucets, Steam [ A R GE : ~ 1 6x iike to know where. B0x314 Non-Skid.. R23x4 Non-Skid:.. 16.95 B2x4 rd 17.90 ° ° 9 . 
; iy a * Prices on request. 44 XV oe young mu Se. « dy. Terms if desired. 29x34, Non-Skid. <a 24 4 Non-Skid 17.95 33x4 211 ATL. TRUST CO, BLDG, I. 22740-2241. Ho - * 
eae wa Tet son Steam Heating Also pair ood mules are . WILLYS-OVERLAND, INC. 31x4 Non-Skid... 32x4% woe Skid... 18.75 rye | TOANS. steam heated furn. room for gentleman, = Ri "H, ease P 
Boilers, capacity 300 feet to 2,600 oe S a the? Used Car Department. | : CENTRAL PROPERTY 6 PER CENT, STEAM-HEATED room opposite bath with > oa e sees eptehese, SEE 
v0. good tarm mare, $35> large} 451 Peachtree St. Hemlock 2063. FABRIC. ties. CORD, 8,000 Miles, Other Sizes in Proportion. RESIDENCE PROPERTY 6% TO 7 PER CT, shower. Georgian Terrace section. I. 4088. )' 77 onwE. 6 R pete: OF aa 
se ; ‘ a , ’. B. SMITH, IVY 18. STRICTLY private home, 251 Ponce de Le ica We sine ee z 
.00 DEPOSIT, BALANCE ©. 0. D. 706 YOURTH NATIONAL BANK BLDG. desirable couple or gentlemen, Hem. 4585, ( : ie en pee ae ak 


STEAM Png or at :| pair mules, weight 1,250} — nets 
eig , ” See - eevee ear eewe 
$2,250 TO lend on improved property in — “HIDE AWAY" Cottage (Peachtree ynil 


eae es...) - pounds each, cheap. Vittur SPECIAL WHILE Therp_goxsy% N. 8: $7.90; 32x3%, N. S., $7.95; Sixt N. S., Atlanta or suburbs, UNFURNISHED ~* Road) 
Wee” DS ee Gee le ee @eseevees dation 


HOT 
height, per foot — eo, Ti re © o 
WALI, RADIATION, per foot x | Horse and Mule Co., 454 Mart BIG BARGAINS $10.90; 33x4 N. &., $13.05. W. O. ALSTON TWO unfurnished or partly furnished | 2? HIGHLAND i -eliadnadingees 53 
‘WATER HEATERS, up from ' etta street. us LOTS—NO MISREPRESENTATION 1217 Citizens and Southern Bank Bldg. Pacem ya py tne ne | — with E GRORoTA we BOR 
3 : a av ene ° , Siac SMe <5 ba TALS YLarTm hte. 2 ‘g Cc 0 es wd; urnnce » Hh» vs ar As *? ° 
NEW ROOFING—Slate surface, extra heavy FOR SALE—Heavy mule and horse, suitable 1920 NASH touring......- $600 SIX PER CENT MONEY ON heat: adults only. Business couple pre- Rp PIA M, 5 a be 
HAND FOR MONTHLY LOANS | ferred. West 1783-W. | 5) W. FAIR) 5 R. 
R 


to, 
Sa 


R 


or 


3 $33 


Ce 


10. 


rary 
to 


a | 
— 
_ 


aa 


” pS = 
Sanaa 


cn 


20-C Carnegie “Way, 2nd floor, ’ first-class ©» THIRD . (Onkhurst), 6 R... rear 
6 R. .60 


(red or green), 108 sq. ft. to roll. steed farm or city work. Mr. Gibbs, Ivy 1406. | 

faction guaranteed, per roll, $2.55. =, : ee peea me ELGIN tourin 450 - TI I H ‘ Y ‘i 1 E H ‘ 7 9 * ROOMS fur 

rbd } \OFING ‘ines weight carefully ieee ties ond oad So Leora 1920 ou g eevee N C IN IR S OPS ON REAL ESTATE, ON THE $100, - Ray 3 Rape ay Rc gm heat, electricity, | 130 W. HUNTER, 4 
SED Ke NO 3 : . ) Mu ‘o., 454 Marie 8 >. “ o ot water an » service: honseieen! fanaa 
: meres and re-rolled, 100 sq. ft. to roll ——— WHICH INCLUDES INTEREST, if desired. 168 ‘Juniper St, neni Gesu Bee 


SCRIPPS-BOOTH coupe ;. 000) | nmrra: AND ff NO DELAY. W. A. FOSTER, 104 ¥ FO 
The. } ‘ “STREETS. IVY 7394, . - A. un, LARGE bedroom and kitchen with sink, ho 
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS OAKLAND sedan ........ .800 NON YET Sarin an tov" bane rai, sinie for cpl ee iat R RENT 
aren; 25. . = . ) ae . e { . 
pope . ated HIGHLAND AVE., best 


HOUSE paint, 5-year guaranteed, all col- 


ors, including white, Ask for color card. TEER AES NY ae 
ih SAXOPHONE PLAYERS IN GOOD CONDITION GARAGE ANlpairs | SERVICE STATIONS MONEY on hand for first mort- | ONE room” and kitchenette’ sink. Adulte a ani 
part, 7-room bungalow; 


Terms arranged. 


’ 
as 


a 
‘ 


furn ish- 


rifice prrce. 


a 


Gallon, $2.00. 
m ALT saxophone players interested in joining ce aoas ae ee ee es gage real estate loans, payable only. Nice location. Main 5109-W. 
ROSE BROS. & % eH ay saxophone hand, phone Mr. Carrier, Ivy M CarC FIRST-CL ASS reBiLe sae. Port to mr hag pene monthly. Rate $2.16 on the hun- | 3 NICE rooms, near car line, elec, lights. nice large lot; can be used 
d Oakland Motor Car Co. wrecking truck—business ("54 hours per day. dred. Money here. No delay. = = ee C. eee aa F for two families. Price, “.. 
‘ ; OOMS, all conveniences, 200 EF. Fifth wf 4 
Camp Gordon AUTOMOBILES 270 Peachtree St. Ivy 1921 Southern y & Equipment Co., Inc. venga Popeye gn ” Street, ‘ $75.00. Early possession. of 
. 11 8. FORSYTH STREET. : . Vv. Ban g. VY 2051 | TWO rooms, kitchenette, first floor, sleep- — 
Hemlock 5640 FOR SALE. poset eo | MAIN 6156, ATLANTA. ne ~~ ———— rate on improved __ing porch second floor, 15 Forrest ave. ROGERS pacers Sid TRUST hina: 
| property. . . Carson, 414 Atlanta} FOUR rooms and bath; all conveniences, in- a . 
Take Oglethorpe Univ. Car. TOT y DODGE BROTHERS AUTOMOB| WANTED—Autos pot __ } _eluding hot water. Phone Main 4845-5. Ben Padgett, Mgr. 
; , n U SED CARS AND Sw QUICK loans made on Atlanta and Decatur | THREK or five, bath with each, spacious 50 Marietta St Ivy 4100 
Bus Meets All Cars. 7 -." FOB SALE WANTED—A used Franklin sedan in A-1 real estate In sums from $500 to $50,000. grounds. Hem. 2584-W, ? y 
SS y Used Cars condition, Will trade $2,000 equity in a; 2-—B-G#y. 409 Trust Co. Ga, Bldg. _ ee 
TRU CKS Pa $3,000 cottage on improved etreet half block ~— te a — loans and notes. No de- 
: . ig y of car line. Call or write Ww. H, Shelton, ay. : fest, 318 Atlanta National, 
FOR SALE 1920 Dodge Brothers Touring. 50—TRU CK& 425 Empire Bldg. Ivy 4179. MORTGAGE loans and purchase money notes ROOMS—Wanted FOR RENT 
Ford—tI Ton 1918 Dodge Brothers Touring. Sizes 1% to 31. on Atlanta real estate. Consult us. Es- EAST LAKE HOME 
d ONE very fine Herring-Hall safe. . as op y, 1918 Dodge Brothers Sedan. ; 72 *. TIRES eB TURMS oinaaais PoE Bde me cre PP sent eppiony, Bronce 0: 
a ing a uipped with Republic 34 Ton and 1 1918 Dodge Brothers Roadster, Priced from 1, ,} oe D- AN & COMPANY }: =a’ heed aoe poe Ah ony gg > eae peak attractive hates wean ‘the aan 
ee Ton Oldsmobile Tourin 1919 Dodge Brothers Roadster. $3 000. Forty of TIRE BARGAINS 3 DAYS | seaport Co. Bide. Peachtree section. Address H-546, Const. Now vacant. Modern, Large lot. Our; 
ee ccapeny. | Br | 1919 Bulck "6" Touring. 50.00 terand-new. ‘Tem | tlw See zz? 8b BRE | cee eae et eaeet ate sea eer |e ce se seen! Go au i 
small bank or insurance company. 1920 Model Overland “6” fouring.... brand-new. 329x314 TIRE .......... 7.95 TUBE... 18 pea nay nee bites Atantae vate family. Must be downstairs.  Refer- J. R. SMITH & M. S. RANKIN 
; Se ~~ r ’ a 'BE.. 2. ps n and pure ences furnished, Call Mr. H ° 6% N. FORSYTH T. 
Also has money vault inside. TMS) Coo cash payment. Bal- ones. The truck |x 111875 TUBE.. 2.3! gn tut wane ae ee ae ee Res ee 
~ ? . mr : stre 6 z ‘ 
safe is both fire and burglar proof. + ENE : want is here. 4x4 IRE 2... 19. Nt OMe es PB ae G-r. fh, 32 E. Alexander St. ....... 
— * eee . . ** *' a ° r a *? fas ngton St. eeeeee 
Will be sold at great bargain, as - BLACK & MAFFETT a. les W R :.. 3.33 | FIRST and second mortgage loans on real COUPLE ; SER eee 6-r. bungalow, 62 E. Twelfth St..... 80: 
elusive sales POSIT, | _.estate.. Building loang made. J. §. Slicer, DESIRES 2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED | ¢ G. AYCOCK REALTY CO, Pet | 
(ae em lige gta IBLI 1OK | 270, Peachtree =. Hem. ee Hickory Trucks. || McPHERSON RUBBER CO. | frasq tar neny peta MUST BEY REASON ADEE eenieeas | ~~ THREE APARTMENTS ~~ * 
4 4 | oO gy eg Pe fished $475 Oe co is : ~““—* | FIRST and second mortgage loans. A. G./| x scatman - a 55 ore 
ing with plenty of vault space. REP L BL C TRU CK ane Ford au revarnished +4 50 15 HOUSTON ST. PHONE IVY 529. Smith, 218-14 Palmer bidz. Ivy 4270. N._ 0. P., CONSTITUTION, 410 GLENN ST.—At Washington, can sqb-, 
Address H. 528, Constitution. SALES CORP. 1920 Ford te spe intelpe ioe ; : eed safeties an advantage; 2 baths. Make aa 
1918 Ford Touring «+.+++++++ 175 THOMPSON | REAL BARGAINS “ ROOMMATE WANTED |°'"cxo, 1. NORTHERN CO. ~~ 
vv Im IM oa ca CURRIER ST syirsphersinalaicrse Aly eter tag | 344 NON-SKID FABRIC TIRES $9.85 PEWRITERS canratieuea  ¢.; ~~~ | 929 GRANT BLDG IVY 425% 
~ MOSLER STEEL SAFE 2 meet a ee ee BONDED || de eae READ BARGAING Visiolc Romine. | DUSINESS LADY, steam-heated | om HOUSE, 475 Washington Bt...936 
BER wa i rms. L ) SF, , NS— Visible Reming- ‘ ¥ ‘ vane — . 
INTERIOR 19x34x62._ $600.  EQRD BARGAINS |°" 1. BELL ISLE TAYLOR TIRE 00. |, 5, 13 Monee 0 ee ane Pe eka ae | Re HOUSE, 880. Wemnington St... 1 
. e ° ba - t an eed, 4 N > s a} , ie 4 rarge 1 oJ “a . “% 
Safe will sell for $275, in- ° ie and WAREHOUSE 8 W. PEACHTREE sT Money refunded !f you are not mere than ly room, vaty vetkeuabies Réeiaiie mane ca SLAt en’ See 
cluding interior equipment. 1921 Ford sedan ........$400.00 Authorized Ford Dealer. te pleased. “Other hesunins o- ctauk. Write Leaiee We a. tae cee p 8 40.90 
; € or te t ] > 4 . * ° Led , 7 “ — Toe mudiineen: A ’ 
First class condition. Dock- 1920 Ford sedan .......« 375,00) 380 Peachtree St. ra Ivy 50% 445 Peachtree St. ” AME, ICAN cn ae natiens — WANTED— Roommate for young man; steam | 4 ROOMS, sleeping porch, conveniences}: 
“ j N 1921 Ford touring « 300.00 1918 NATIONAL 135 Peachtree Arcade, Atlanta, Ga. eat; north side. Hemlock 2050. partly furnished if desired; large lot; reac 
stader Optical Co., 56 0. 2 sokgree : Hem 3718 __ JIRADIATOR REP SEE our NEW machine, the CENTURY. $35. | REFINED business lady wishes roommate; | sonable. Call West 1798-W. ty 
Broad St 1922 Ford roadster ..... 325.00 | WILL sell at —— - quchange 2 . AIRING ny te 19 Ponce de Leon. | FoR RENT—S-room remodeled house? come 
. — for lighter car. s good. Perft on- ~ * ik 5245. > ; 
a ENNESSED VALLEY SLIP SHUCKED | 1920 Ford roadster .... 225.00 dition, with new tires. 111.8. Forsyth. Main FINAL SLASHES Atlanta Radiator Co Ouick S Ade Tees tee apeiiery = Docatur oar Mas. Des. ~ 
© AB CORN. 6156, Cadillac ‘53,"" rebuilt ....sseseeseees : wUICK Service Lypewriter Co. OO ¢ | IOC SRR O See Te 
WE can offer almost unlimited quantities 1920 Panel delivery ececees! 200.00 Dodge Touring DIATOR, fender, body and lamp work, | WE overhaul and Ba 3 yooh makes type- HOUSEKEEPING R MS Bh St., now vacant. KE. P. Phofte 
of fine, heavy, slip-shucked ear corn.) 4919 Ford roadster ...... 175.00]. gELDEN SPECIAL TRUCK BARGAIN. American Six ...... vasssesseesess satisfactory service. writers; specia) attention to calls. Out-of- : . 
Write, telephone or telegrap s ft 4 : | cs owmers. ring . es z Z (454, wn work handied promptly. 16 Peachtree 
, legraph us for Ge 049 Ford 4 se000 #8 ! note | bent to | Pee eE, ot ra, All Siret-clace erms. EDGEWOOD AVE BELL IVY 7434. | to k handled I FURNISHED 
liveried we Oe se Deales. 191 or OUTING eeevee ° rRIC . overes a ae, © A gal us for best rgains i ARGE COFIELD & MILAM Arcade, Atlanta. Ga., Ivy 1618 for estimate, ay rend bag geome, dining room and HOUSES—Wanted 
Ivlie & Lyle, glesale ’ ; ” your order, . eae TrR TF i chenette. Ail conveniences. Hem, 4158, 
biuntevitle, “Ala. eae S949 FOrd’ CRASSIS 2 oc ees 75.00 tires, $1,675; with eetis Se rent : HOM ER fins GEO angh tor, Fender and Body Work. Also fur- 403 Spring St.,’ corner of ‘Third St. oy) 
> COMPUTING scales, pew ant angen: wc antl 25 other cheaper Fords. - eg A yoda Leaman e *| 447 PFACHTREE. RE 4, experts. 301-303 Marietta St. I. 2486, BOARD AND ROOM sg ogy furnished apartment for housekeep- FURNISHED 
easy terms or cash; also slicing mac’ si vines : - PT] ; _ing, aiso room with private bath, 15 K,| WANT#D—A furnished house or apartment, 
, ae and. cheese Cutters. | Dayton yom ig FORD EXCHANGE SELDEN SERVICE CO., I HAV Ea new light Six rican Auto Radiator Co. PLL LSPLPEPLLLLPLLLP PLL ILL SPE SODA L AD 4 Merth avenue. ‘Hem. 4173-3. with 3 or 4 bedrooms, in Gestratie locatiar 
Seale Co., 64 W. Mitchell St., inta, Ga. ue stinetlehas Ot ; . _ HUNTER ST. MALIN 1150. ONE or two elegantly furnished | TWO nice, clean rooms and kitchen adjoin. | With modern conveniences, at a reasonabhe, 
Call _or_write_us._Phone Matn_i5 ~,| 147 MARIETTA ST. IVY 669. eee eer, sedan which must be rooms with connecting bath in| ing bath. 63 Fast Cain street, rental. Address Mrs, 8. H. Floyd, Camilla?” 
| of iene Trek teathet ahee, with $20 fro 3 sold quick. This cost me AUTO TOPS Druid Hills home; gentlemen pre-| 2 OR 3 rooms for housekeeping; con- ne omny _Poeression re a 
: ‘ice gag oe ae ae gn ge CHANDLER TOURING $2,700, and I will sell at a eeaene ene panorer aan -noagrte ferred; references required. Call BEST et meterences._1._ 2081-W: rooms, in @ good location. 1-503, Con 
lection. ress D, . » = . tet semihee aaa ecove . 3 STR, 2 room and kitchenette, : 
\ Delivery, Atlanta. — CADILLAC SEDAN fe ae pty ge Ape sacrifice. Address H-540, bile oaintion:. repaired. High-class seme’ wont _ ed comp.; all por ale Adults. 83 Forrest Ay, 
SALE U. 8. new marine shoes direct from tires and the mechanic) part is in wonderful) = Conetitution TLANTA TOP CO. Fe nd Dourd for couple or young men. | HALF of house with owner, bedroom kitchen, x 
government. U, 8. marine cordoval w l shape, If you want to save some real money 0 ' Bdzewood Ave 1 - - : tans a reception hall, electric lights, hot water, ae 
eee beavy bet pl ig ee gy eg don’t miss seeing this car. Terms can be eR : yy 5016, : PEACHT REE 6 I mate om — for | Main 5102-J. pee 
sizes, $4.25 per pair. ese snore a OM , d , arranged to suit you. —*_ young man; comecting bath. H. 3361. | 74 FORREST AVE.—Nice room, kitchenette 
built b vernment specifications to stand New! ainted, new seat ‘ : ee , as % ROOM i be ' < ~* mete a ° ences. A 
the hanlest-wear. Order at once. No. C. 0. D. Se WILLYS OVERLAND, IU» | LEAVING CITY. WILL TAKE TO ACCESSORIES Se ee Oe ca ne ee Tee | SES VERE, welling Cote Reasonable prices. __H. _ 288}. 
Will fund your money if not satisfied. c Used Car Department. - FOR MY 1921 CHARS faisiniaainaesttestiihabinnaen . ples. Hemlock 1787, WANTED—Young men or business coupled: 
ol gg mene DE pal charges Southern — covers, overhauled. »ac- 451 Peachtree St. Hemlock 2062. ae DOUPE [a ane euar- TO BODIES FOR SALE. apie npn a furnished, steam-heated room, UNFURNISHED. to board in private family. Special rates, 
Army and Navy Stores of America, P. O. : ‘ 1K ’ ‘mew Ford touring body. 1 Ford Ww avatory, hot water and shower bath | JUST OFF, North Boulevard 2 rooms, sleep Phone 3879-J, 688 Highland Avenue. : 
q@ ox 75, Greenville, S.C. Late Write Mr. CASH TALKS anteed perfect condition, cord tires | y. 2 roadster bodies. meals. West 506.0 8) ™™ 70] | ing porch and kitchenette, with heat. 16 | ROOMMATE —Nice young man, _breakfasp 
CAIN STREET GARAGE 1917 DODGE touring and 1920 Dodge road- | and extras. Driven 4,000 miles. a ee a ai oiaixe — . Seal Place. and supper. 88 wk. Pri. home. H. 2007 - Dus 
; : a mane Gardner 247 Peachtree ster. A car bought now should gell later M. N. Shwartz 113 Peachtree. yest oe oe i neat! furn., as * com- | 4 ROOMS for housekeeping, all conveniences, | CAN accommodate few more people firme 
DETROIT JEWEL gas rance, —— new, ’ / at a substantial profit. 132 Marietta St. | **- © 87 ‘ tree, Hemlock 654, Pres. eee each- Adults. 127 Richardson, corner Cooper. meals; best home cooking. 675 Peachtree, 
¢ _ cheap. 16 PulHam St. Main 4538x2. 1 FORDS NEW and used. J. H. Prich- Ivy 4887. JITORCYCLES HEATED root reean ules Ss > FOUR rooms, separate entrance, sink, front, | DELICICUS home-cooked meals at the 
_ATIO cash registers, new and second street, or hone ivv ISI. ard Motor Co. West 2100. eee a ° , ee, cuca back, porch, yard. $25. 72 Hendricks av T 
5 NATIONAL from $75 up ’ ¢ velaaii ————$——$—— ee | SE — - lent meals. Business poople preferred. | — > 
ge + Bann Haury te the National evacuune: Bt Bee ee ~  MAVE | YOU GOT $50? ICES on two "22 model “K” | Garage. Hemlock 935-J. . Fare same a Pa — phone, 
‘asy te ’ ; 3 IN INT SLX—Bea - ° trie demonstrat , ‘ — ults only. 742 Glenn St. ain 3982-J. | —————— —_-"* 
monstrator models, elec- | LOVELY front room, steam heat, first-class vivntw onteun, | #28 PEACHTREE, room, couples or genties 


i 
. Cash Register Co. Phone Ivy 7246, or call dan, driven only 1,300 miles. Fully guar- . : r, can be bou . comp 99 “a 
: ‘ A 1917 FORD touring car, | Exteed. Also 2 model “8,” *21 board and surroundings. 642 TWO unfurnished rooms, private ent 
Scaliere copatiail daar inaatiaites ond (ttn zs. 6 Peachtree, light, telephone, hot Sasa,” Wene 17 * ee _™en. Steam heat. Running water, L 6634. 


54 North Pryor St., Atianta. 0 anteed in every way. Cost $3,775. Will sac- } $50 down. 132 Marietta a ee: —— wired tno. | 
DIAMON) arly 1 carat, best engagement 1914 PACKARD ROADSTER rifice at $2,000. Final cut. Terms, _ as. antetl cl . | ROOM and board, 2 men or business couple, ; | room,  furna 
Toquatity: emoaast bargain. P. O. Box 437.) peRYECT condition. $75 down. E. G. HOMER C. GEORGE ‘ The Jam-Log Is Giving Away an{stle Cycle & Motor Co., At or business ladies. Hemlock 1380. FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED gp tw tg meals: garage H. 3262 
PRACTICALLY new cash register, show case Harris, Jr., 132 Marietta St. 447 Pegchtree. Hemlock 1462. SOON jobs will be plentiful, . more er ' ROOM with board, $7. Table board, $6.| DESIRABLE couple or lady, 1 furn. end , 
and meat slicer, Bargain. 59 W. Mitchell. | ONROD touring car, used 4 months, run | WILL sell cheap 7-passenger Chandler se- circulating. Get in on the ground oe Continuous hot water. Phone service. 455 unfurn. room, kitchenette, excellent heat; , 
one. M 6,000 miles. $350. New tires. Ivy 7437. dan, recently overhauled, new battery, Ruy a car now. Sell it for more er. ND PLANTS Courtiand street. phone, elec,, hot water. 374 Washington. Board and Room—Wante? 
Special Thurs. Friday & Sat. “6” good tires, or will trade for light car, Just | » ‘Gg. Harris, Jr., 132_Marietta St. nak A FEW nice people,.in elegant, modern —- 
, : 3 1919 GRAND the car for taxi line. Phone Main 1616, | —~ Tye good 5-passenger Overland car; ~ ~~ home. Hemlock 4162-W. : WANTED—Room in home where two “ 
NICE GRAPEFRUIT 60c BASKET—15 or 16. WONDERFUL car. Just $50 down, E. G. after 5 o'clock Hemicck 666, yap pedo He electric lights. “Red Com AND PLANTS. PIEDMONT AVE., 505. cor. Third St. cou- Housekeep Rooms—W anted daily can be obtained. Room must be 5s 
Orange Grove 257 Peachtree Harris, Jr., 132_Marietta St. WHITE ‘6’ chassis, in good condition. | yer’s garage. Ponce de Leon and ve NURSERIES le only. Delightful room adjoining beth; tats nected with bath, 
ln aaa —— | FOR SALE—Cadillac touring car in Both bargain prices. Address H-536, OR SALE—One special built Ford ee TH — tnace beat; excel. meals; garage. H. 3931. North side 
*BRIEN RG SP TER oy gm condition. Newly painted. Ad _—- | oe A jles: bargain 32 £. NG z Gnows BOARD and room with refined gentleman; WANTED—Jan. 15th, 1 room, kitchenette — 
O . repaired, electrical 4 oe Constitution, 7-PASSENGER Haynes car, good condition, Roadster, run 300 miles; ot bathe Pg hod shade |" walking distance, steam heat. Hem. 8524 | #04 bath. Furni ‘ 
chanical; ne job is to small, none too large. WANT A 1918 SAXON 66699? $350 cash. Reason for selling, sickness. | 4¢ taken at once. Ivy 2584. | FRU! - $0 WALTON ST. offers special rates to 8 . State price 
Main 8248 J. day or nicht. ea Phone Ivy 6737. Paden "Te Gaditia h and or 4 in 6 "el k and location. Address H-520, Constitution. 
— FE. G. HARRIS, 182 MARIETTA STREET. STE CARS SEP Atlanta if | oe, . Teom. o'clock breakfast. one . 
, WE STORE, seil and advance money on cars, USED - Co.. 142 W. Penchtre | ©. ROOM with ; ; TWO brand-new brick stores 
BUILDING MATERIAL, =| Rb AL. bargain for quick. Car practically | —_7wompsnn Bonded _Warchouse. 55 P'tree. | Trp CARS Packard Enrerprises of Gew | trees. fa Elberta pi meals: references. "19. Ponce de Leon, FOE sep ma gyre Heights. ‘They are 
model, 5-passenger Paige car, practice) | iF you want a five-passenger Paige, in good via, Inc.. 224 Peachtree No ial prices. Greenville | Hemlock 5245. gn A pring rp ear vy eo on fronts, in the center - the 


—_———— a new. Guaranteed firet class condition. Call oo hanh dition.. tires and paint cnianidniieasiicesiaiine o 
agent a po ta freon raya ee ASY TERMS good. cal ‘Ivy 4108. ‘This ear must be said | T}SED CARS Kerth hve. pages GO vie for 8 gents: lavatory, meals, | ered. ” Give full particulary. in reply. Ad 
uh eS Te ae >! ——__— ) Ivy 5489. ; : _ | dress H-541, Constitution. ; 
Better health, comfort, ccn . N Minute Man Six, $50 Weare at less than manufacturer's cost. | USED TRUCK AND OA BARGAINS, Ei Use Ae HEATED -541, Constitut | e 
Your fapls demandes it. 219 We ton Bids, MO ewa E.G. Harris, Jr., 182 Marietia Bt. MEW sore tes on aa or WHITE ©0., 134 KM. sm... “jon Want Ads i” Site aaa Bo a em & |? Rooms, bite: ant Doth, mevthy sides Can A 

Se ae | SS SS ellis: ts te ite 4 : sae pe Se as ahh ‘ ease, weet 


7 . 
= P a 
% ” > i : oo 
i. Si = : » < mF ae 


: RE FLO Re OR 
+E , , "git laaliates me * ce 
a A. Ros 4 

y, o~ > 


ed 


a 


Y 


| APARTMENTS—For Rent | REAL ESTATE—For Sale 


«ia 


Hemlock 508. 


ad 


$£ hooMs, 


110 EF, 


eo 


og Le : Se a ee ? 


Sh 59D tele 
met ee 
wom Te -? ree 

Pa ty Path a 


, re 


BS 


wT 


te 5 wwrreN 


. FURNISHED _ 
7 ROOMS, Juniper terrace. Rea- 
sonable; exclusive; convenient. 


BLEGANTLY furnished 5-room apartment, 
Piedmont avenue; immedizie pussessivn. 
$100 per month. Apply 318 Atlanta Na- 
tional Bank Building. 


30) COUPLE—Lovely smal! apt., heat, priv. 


beth, desirable section. Hem. ; -J 
5 BRUOMS in West End. Bright, sunny 
rooms; homelike: all conveniences except 
Keat.. Call Ivy 2136. ‘ 
SHREK rooms complete, 19° W. Ga. ave.; 
now vacant Main 972. 
USUSUAL OPPURTUNITY—Della Manta, 
beautifully furnished five-room apt. with 
sleep. porch, 1 block from driv. club; loca~- 
tion uvexcelled.; ref. req.; mo chil, H. S522 


Siam > 


“Zz 3 OR Groom apartment in attractive 


home. Apply 138 E. Pine street. 


kitchenette and . bath. West 
Eleventh St. Hemlock 1077. 

-_- 

¥UK RENT—Furnished 5-room apartment 

' wntil September 1. Phone, Hem. 1057-W. | 

THREE rooms, suitable for couple; private 

home; garage. 57 McLendon. 1. 2652-J. 


UNFURNISHED 
FOR RENT 
SHARP & BOYLSTON 


235-C COURTLAND, 4 R. 

284 GORDON, 4 B. ....-00002-. oe 
GEORGIA AVE., , o* 

496-C GRANT, 3 Ry. 2... cere ee ccerece 30.80 
243 CAPITOL: AVE., 20.00 


ONE unfurnished room down- 
stairs; kitchenette, sink. 


Hemlock 4418. 


CAIN STREET GARAGE | 


UNFURNISHED APARTMENTS 
FACING Druid Hills and brand-new; corner 

apartment, sun parior with Murphy bed, 
very large living roam, also with Murphy 
bed and dressing room, kitchen, breakfast 
room and bath. Apartment 5 and 6, Go- 
forth apartment. $70 and $72.50. See 
janitor or call Ivy 381. 


GLADSTONE APT., 5 rooms, $75; 

Judon Apt., 2 rooms, $60; law- 
rence Apt., 3 rooms, $50. Burdette 
Realty Company. Ivy 31. 


CORNER apartment, 7 large rooms, 3 bed- 
rooms, shower beth, steam heat, unusually 
attractive. Would rent furnished. 218 Ponce 


de Leon avenue, Apt. 8. 


NORTH 6iDE. 


DUPLEX BARGAIN 


LOCATED ‘on one of the 
best concreted streets on 
the north side, just off of 
Ponce de Leon Ave., 1 have 
for sale a lovely two-story 
duplex, one that is differ- 
ent, one that was not built 
for sale; has living room, 
sun parlor, dining room, 
breakfast room, kitchen, 
rear porch; hallway and 
lavatory all on first floor. 
On the second floor you 
will find two lovely bed- 
rooms, sleeping porch and 
nice, large bath; steam 
heat; on extra wide lot 
with four garages; school, | 
churches and stores close 
at hand; car line one block. 
This lovely duplex home is. 
now leased for $260 per 
nicets. ‘You will be sur- 
the very 

low figure that will buy 


A NICE LITTLE BOOK, GIV- 
ING THE VALUES OF ATLAN- 
TA REAL ESTATE, MAILED 
UPON REQUEST. 


J. M. Brownlee, Jr. 


202 PEACHTREF ARCADE. 
IVY 93. 


—_- 


ANSLEY PARK, 
: 
$8,000 
BEAUTIFULLY located 2-story, &- 
room house, with furnace and 
garage, fronting park; tennis court, 
play grounds, on a beautiful lot 
60x300 with concrete drive. IF YOU 
WANT A HIGH-CLASS LOCATION, 
WITH SMALL AMOUNT OF 
MONEY AND A BARGAIN, 
HERE’S YOUR CHANCE, (Forced 
sale). 


SALMON CO. 


CALL IVY 3067, IVY 3067. 


ATE—For Sale | 


| REAL ESTATE—For Sale 


REAL 


NOBTH SIDE. 


READ CAREFULLY 


NEAR corner St. Charlies and Fredrica, &- 
room, 2-story home, steam heat, sun par- 
lor, enclosed sleeping porch, hardwood 
floors, solid concrete basement; lot 530x200, 
level and shaded. $7,750. 


2 BLOCKS Peachtree Road, in Peachtree 
Heights, lovely lot 125x175. $2,100. 


IN Fourth Ward, near Forrest avenue, brick 
apartment building of 6 apartments with 
bath; renting te colored people for $106 
month, $7,500. . 


$750 CASH, balance monthly, for a dandy 
6-room almost new bungalow, in promi- 
nent section north side near Piedmont Park. 
$7,750. 

ANSLEY PARK home bargain. On THE 
PRADO, 7-room, 2-story home, 2 baths, 
one being a shower, tile veranda, side drive, 
garage, servant's room. $10,000, 


ORMOND ST.—Near Grand Park, a dandy 
G-room, modern home, newly painted. 
$4,500. Sei 


WITHIN 1 block Piedmont Park, 2 blocks 
Tenth Street school, a wonderful buy, on 
a nice lot 46x180. $2,100. Worth more. 


DRUID HILLS 
slate roof, tile veranda, 
hardwood finish throughout, 
servants’ quarters and bath; 
foot front lot. $27,500. 


HOME—Ten-room brick, 
2 tiled baths, 

steam heat. 
laundry; 100- 


line, & 
101. 


car 
large 


SOUTH GORDON S§ST.—Near 
dandy 6-100m Dbuagalow, on 
$7,100, 


LA FRANCE ST.—A cracker-jack 6-room, 
modern bungalow, large lot. $4,900. 
Terms. 


PEACHTREE ROAD LOT 100x400 and level, 
near Muscogee avenue. Quick sale $7,850. 


BOULEVARD PARE sacrifice. Cut from 

$12,500 to $9,500. An elegant and well- 
built, attractive 7-room bungalow, all mod- 
ern, on a lot 100 feet front. 


PEARL ST.—Five-room house on goot lot. 
$1,500, 


PEACHTREE INVRASTMENT—Pays 815 per 
cent NET above taxes and insurance on 


sure enhancement. 


near De- 


OAKDALE ROAD LOT—100x162, 
$3,750. 


catur road, elevated and level. 


TWO BLOCKS PEACHTREE ROAD—A 
splendid 6-room bungalow with granite 
foundation, electric and plumbing fixtures 
in but not connected. Elevated, level and 
shaded lot 50x200. $4,250. Easy terms. 
A money-maker. Buy it and wait for the 
street improvements and then sel! for about 
$7,500. 


- 


price asked, $26,000. A steady income and } 


“‘WESE END. 


BRICK DUPLEX 


WHST END—$7,250, new brick bun- 
galow, 7 rooms, private entrances, 
well built, nicely finished, garage, 
large lot. HOME AND INCOME; 
worth the money. Terms, 


Price $6,750. Rents 
$100 


DUPLEX, West. End, near Lee and 
Park. Has 2 separate apartments, 
5 rooms and 4 rooms. By a little 
_expense can make a third apartment, 
BARGAIN AS INCOME OR HOME 
AND INCOME. EASY TERMS. 


T y 
6I QUEEN ST. 
NEAR GORDON ST. If you want 
an extra large bungalow with 4. 
bedrooms, in perfect condition, on a ) 
beautiful lot. THIS ONE IS 4&0- 
ING TO BE SOLD CHEAP. Don't 


miss it. 


SALMON CO. 


Ivy 3067, ; Ivy 3067. 


A GOOD home for someone who can appreci- 
ate good value; 6 rooms, bath and hall, lot 


run, side drive and pew garage; .located on 
Beecher street one block off Lee street. 
TERMS. R. A. Oline Realty Company, 1006 
Flatiron Bidg. Ivy 72% 


WANTED “TEN 
HOMES” 


WE have at least 10 home pur- 

chasers THAT MEAN BUSINESS. 
By letting us know about the home 
you are offering, WE WILL SHOW 
IT AP ONCE and no doubt effect 
a quick sale. You can list with us 
without the jeast obligation. ALL 
TO GAIN ‘AND NOTHING TO 
oe LET US HEAR FROM 


SALMON CO. 


CALL IVY 3067. 


WILL TAKE vacant Pet as cash payment, 5- 

room bungalow West End Park, furnace 
heat, nice bath, large lot, double garage; 
place in perfect condition. Price, 5,750, 
terms to suit, Brotherton & Callahan, 
250 Peachtree Arcade. Phone, Ivy 6015. 
$5,000—SELLS AVE., 6 rooms, a good one. 

Let us show you this Monday. $750 cash, 
balance easy. 


Dolvn & Thompson 


BR 
is - . 
af ented hy as > od 


pi dire ‘ : $ 
; ‘ik: . i : ee é ip + Be WP tgghiy te wets 
WTA ‘Fe oe 
« ‘ Ww 
% " a ¥ } i 7 li. | we ¢ : 
oe byrne Ps ae a 59 PE EE EEE WL ore 


# * 4 dt Vs 
Oe . 


: + x 
° ¥ ; 
en ee ae Pee 
—_ — . 
ors 


ES ee ee Pa 
3 a Le * sed 
ese ee u 
- 


r ¥ 43 — ep 
j % 3} ™ e ’ - & ee 


eee a oe ee 
Se gb oe SPE So as, 
ah i ie og ipa te 
a ae oy ee S Sas 


<< 


FOR RENT—HOUSES 


228 EAST LAKE DRIVE—A modern 6-rgom bungalow with all con- 


veniences; immediate possession, $70.00. 
7 PIEDMONT AVENUE—Nice 6-room cottage, steam heat, two batlis, 
sleeping porch and double garage, $85.00. 


3 VIRGINIA CIRCLE—Modern 6-room bungalow, with all conveniences; 


immediate possession, $80.00. . 


171 ANGIER AVENUE—Six-room /cream brick bungalow; all con- 


veniences, including garage, $1.00. 


427 LUCILE AVENUE—Nine-room. tw 
Vacant February 1, $75.00. 


BROWN-BEASLEY COMPANY 


210 Georgia Savings Bank Bldg. 


ae 


o-Story house; all conveniences. 


Ivy 2051 


| 292 NORTH MORELAND 


200 feet deep (level), good garden, chicken 


FOR RENT — HOU 


OY 
per month. Possession February 1. 


36 BROOKWOOD DRIVE—An — 
ate 


Brook wood. Now vacant, 


Druid Hille section. 
session can be given on February 1. 


1418 PEACHTREE ROAD—At Brook 
largede 


fervant’s room; also garage; 


cant. Rate $125 per month. 


/ REAL ESTSE DEPARTMENT 
Ivv71 TRUST COMANY OF GEORGIA Ivy71 


AVENUE—Si 
House has 


two-story house, 
per month, 


conveniences, 
$75 per month. 


Station, 


AND APARTMENTS 


807 PIEDMONT AVENUE—Near Tenth Att, bungalow, six rooms and siceping porch, 
baths, s¢rVant’s toilet and laundty oom, steam heat, double garage. 


om bungalow, near Ponce de Leon avenue, in 
including furnace heat. 


First-floor apartment, 
porch and plenty of lawn space. 


Rate $80 


just off Peachtree street at 


T’os- 


five rooms, 
Now va- 


Unf. Apartments—For pet Unf. Apartments—For Rent 


BELMON APARTMENTS 


NOW BUILDING at Ponce Leon and Durant Place. Fire, sound and 

rat-proof; swellest caiM the city, seating 100 guests, Bachelor 
suites, individual maid sey® from cafe to apartments, private laurfdry, 
pressing club and garagegutdoor tea garden and dancing in summer. 


An apartment hotel de Ir Plans and prices ready. 
CALVUN COMPANY 
400 Mropolitan Building. 
es 


We Will Sell. SILVER LAKE. 


WE ARE bog es o oe that we have secured a contract by 
we wii] sell the magnificent residentia 
By Mbp Rais l property known - 


| "THE LOCATION 


THE PROPERTY is located on Peachtree road 

Oglethorpe University car line. It is also on hn ha Hy the te 
railroad with station. It lies on west side of Peachtree and at th 
entrance is Oglethorpe University, already a million-dollar instituti : 
and destined soon to become one of the greatest educational pro rene 
of America. It is 10 miles from center of Atlanta. Sicpeiaatee. 


THE LOTS 


Rye oe — lots in the Silver Lake Subdivision 
ot is eet front, and they average 20 1 

lots are all beautifully shaded with oaks oa eteeyy No once ie 
have ever been placed on the market in Georgia. 5 The price on ail 
lots is the same—$20 front foot. Easy terms. : i: 


THE ADVANTAGES 


th gegen — advantages in buying lots in Silver Lake Park. 
SP deg: ak eons On a eg To electric lights, telephone 
mn the jake. You can fish and b 
swim to your heart's content if ow Be Dent ane 
you Own one of these lots. Y si 
live out here and still carry on y j oe a 
: your work in Atlanta. Y 
in Atlanta and still enjoy the lake if y - Ou can live 
you Own a jot out here. Y = 
place a summer home here and live elsewhere in wi >. Se: Ce 
the benefit of a great co-educational ere in winter. You can get 
| college by moving t 
lots. The Peachtree road is a ng 50 one of these 
perfect road for automob 
Oglethorpe car comes through a perfect section of Meat sages 


THE LAKE 


rt — . 
meg —s is the largest and most wonderful artificial lake in 
oe ry cousneunas teal — 7 larger than all other lakes 
: is eet deep at dam. The gov 
ng glans wae at Camp Gordan injured the lake Friar, she tank 
rang np rained, but all this seepage has now deen removed and 
@ lake is being refilled with clear creek water, It will be ready four 


use in the comin 3 : 
bese & spring and only lot owners will be permitted to 


Silver 


The smallest 


OUR OFFICE 


WE ne Ne raat hee ag the railroad depot at Oglethorpe 

: ady to begin emonstrating the lots. If y 

on car, ride to end of line. Courteous sales og ay de 

ine, men await you. We are 
preparing literature which we will be gl i : 

Out-of-town people will be interested. =_ se a requedt. 


which ‘, 


APARMENTS: FOR RENT 


PALLAS AP romipinct 1295 Peachtree Street—Four, five and seven 
rooms, with two/'S, Barage service. Rental... .$90.00 to 3200.00 
PARK VIEW APARENTS, Corner Fourteenth Street and Piedmont 
Avenue—New b128, just completed, overlooking Piedmont Park. 
Four and five roogront porches $85.00, $95.00 and $115.00 
ELYSEE APARTM/®, 800 Peachtree Street—Apartment 3, 6 rooms, 


immediate pos $100.60 
M (Druid Hills section), ' 


GREENBRIAR AP $75.06 
Cheap Money. In New York Fed- 


~~" 38. TURMAN & CO. 
eral Reserve Bank Reduces Rate. 
Liberty Bonds Above Par. Great 


8 Atlanta Trust Company Bldg. 
Prosperity in: Sight. 


IVY 5693. 1426 CANDLER BLDG. 


A VERY fine duplex in best section of 
West End, a splendid bargain... Possession 
ean be had of the lower apartment upon 30 
days notice. For further information apply 
prominent north side section, 6-room | R. A. Cline Realty Co., 1006 Miatiron bidg. 
a beauty inside, tile veranda, | Ivy 7293. 
granite fireplace, built-in . 
Level lot 50x200, side 
$8,750. 


EFFICIENCY apartment providing adequate 
room without requiring much furniture, 
unusually large living room with Murphy 
bed, 2: dressing rooms, large kitchenette 
and bath, 3 exposures. Rent $60. Apart- 
ment 10, 499 N. Jackson. H. 5169-J. 
6 ROOMS, sleeping porch, large veranda. 
private entrance on both sides. All con- 
geniences. Main 5277, 
611 PONCE DE LEON AVENUE 
BETWEEN Barnett-Linwood, south side ave- 
nue, 5 rooms, sleeping porch. Only one left. 
Walis, floors, woodwork refinished, Janitor. 


WO brand-new 4-room apartments, just 
completed, at Lakewood Heights, best sec- 
tion, Lakewood Terrace and West Avenue, 
See P. B. Hopkins, at new filling station, 
at Lakewood Heights. 
IMMEDIATE possession, 4 rooms and bath; 
garage in rear; 2d floor, Apt. 9, GIL Ponce 
de Leon avenue. Call Hem. 1488-W. ¢ 
wiTil OWNER, 4 rooms, private entrance 
and bath; all modern conveniences; aduits 
preferred; references exchanged. West 1511. 
BARGAIN, north side, nix-€oom apartment, 
erate heat. Call Ivy 4250-J, Ivy S417. 


EMMERSON AVE.—Rizght at Adair avenue, 
in Decatur, 6-room, l-year old: bungalow; 
lot 100x150. $3,750. Want an offer. Right 
in the developing section. 


VACANT LOT 


WILL trade or sell beauti- 

ful lot on North Boule- 
vard near Ponce de Leon 
avenue. The owner of this 
lot is anxious to dispose of 
it and will sell at a sacri- 
fice or will use as part 
payment on north side 
home. 


ROGERS REALTY & TRUST CO. 
Ben Padgett, Mer. 
50 Marietta St. Ivy 4100. 


CHAMBERS & COMPANY 


IN 
END OGLETHORPE CAR LINE. 


bungalow, 
finished attic, 
cabinets, tile bath. 
drive, garage, servant room. 


CARL FISCHER 


FOURTH NATIONAL BLDG. IVY 3241. 


—_— ss e 


SOUTH SIDE. 


Brick Store and House 
Connected 


WE have a large brick store connected 

with a 6-room bungalow in perfect con- 
dition. Present owner has occupied this 
property for the past 10 years and has 
established a nice business, and on account 
of peculiar circumstances he will sacrifice. 
Terms. 


Dolvin & Thompson 
IVY 760. 1426 CANDLER BLDG. 


PAYING RENT? 

$500 AND the rent you pay will buy in 

Grant Park section a pretty new 6-room , 

bungalow: best material; hardwood floors. 

Must sell. Your price May Call 
Rodgers. 


HEMLOCK 6488, 


WHY NOT BUILD? 


YOU WILL be surprised 

to know just what it 
would cost you to have 
your home built just like 
you want it and where 
you want it. We have 
just completed a number 
of homes: and will be glad 
to show you the class of 
workmanship and mate- 
rial. We will be glad to 
figure your pran for you 
or let you select one from 
the plan books we have 
here in the office. We tell 
you just exactly the 
amount it will cost you 
before we start. Come to 
our office and talk it over 
with us. 


BROWNLEE & JAMES 
Builders. 

202 Peachtree 

Ivy 93. 


Ivy 1860. 
WAREHOU-For Rent WAREHOUSE—For Rent 
miminammenak rw am 
WARLOUSE SPACE FOR RENT 


FOUR floors afsement, elevator, railroad trackage, immediate pos- 
session: 1¢84uare feet, reasonable rate, furnace heat, sprinkier | 
system. Best /20USe Jocation in the city. 


S. B. TURMAN & CO. , 


203-8 Atlanta Trust Co. Bldg. : 


Ivy wor | 


Tr WNt E OT) — - 
BOULEVARD PARK 
$8,750—BEAUTIFUL new brick bungalow, 6 
rooms and breakfast room. Exceptionally 
well finished little home. Level lot. Good 
value. Terms, 


Dolvin & Thompson 


IvY 8197. 1426 CANDLER BL DG, 


PARTY leaving town will sublease very at- 

tractive 4-room apartment, 2nd _ floor, 
northeast corner front, in Fifteenth street 
apartment. House opposite Piedmont Driv- 
ing club, overlooking Piedmont Park. Phone 
ilemlock 5224-3, or apply Apartment T-6. 
§- ROOM APARTMENTS, STEAM HEAT; 

INMAN PARK. ADULTS. IVY 7038. _ 
7255 N. MAIN, College Park, 5 rooms, two 

sinks and bath. |See this. West 721, 


°$3-ROUM apartment, all conveniences, north 
side. Hemlock 3598-J. 


APARTMENTS of 3, 4, 5 and 6 Tooms, in 
most choice residential sections and in 
persoually owned apartment building. Refer- 
ences required. Fitzhugh Knox, 1208 Candler 
Building. Ivy 3880. <p eee ee 
SIX ROOMS, upstairs convs. 442 8. Pryor 
St. Ivy 7098. $35; private entrance. 


MODERN HEATED APT. 
CALL M. 3408. 


buy. , 


$6,500 ON terms will buy splendid 9-room 
home on Capitol avenue near Georgia 
avenue. Call Rodgers, 


CALHOUN COMPANY 
METROPOLITAN BLDG. IVY 381. 
$53,000 MODERY 6-room bungalow, nearly 

new; well built, in first-class repair; fine 
level lot 50x150; good garden; fine location; 
$500 cash, $35 a mo. A splendid little home 
bargain, C. A. Forsyth, 102 Central Bldg. 
Main 2882. 


NEW BUNGALOW 
VERY attractively finished little home on 


fine shaded lot. Hardwood floors, beau- 
tiful fixtures mantel, ete. EASY TERMS. 


Dolvin & Thompson 
Ivy 760. 1426 CANDLER BLDG, 
BARGAIN—Close in, home or investment, 

10 rooms, 2 baths, large lot: all con- 
veniences. Rents $90 per month. Price 
$6,250 on terms. Phone Ivy 4728. 
VACANT houses, large or small, for sale like 

rent. Clark, 604 Silvey bldg. 
HOMES on easy payments, without mort- 
gage. W. D. Beatie, 207 Trust Co. of 
Georgia Bldg. Ivy 2S81L 


ONLY PEACHTREB CORNER 
100x210. WILL TRADE. 
THE GENUINE 


LEFT. 


AT BARGAIN ’ 
MAKE ¢ PRICE. 


YOUR PROPOSITION. 11's 
$60.000 


IVY 1860. IVY 70565. 


BUSINES CE—For Rent | BUSINESS SPACE—For Rent 


Peafee Arcade Street Front Shop 


ARCADE d; now occupied by Vannie Tilden Bakery, facing Broad 
St ore of Arcade available at once. 
( 


windows h fronts. 


ALSO oySIDE Arcade shop available to high-class tenant at $120. 
Adve® window alone worth rent asked. 


AN ocd NAL OFFICE or display room to right-class tenant. 


PPHTREE ARCADE Room 200 
RENT—Stores FOR RENT—Stores dent owner authorizes low price of $17,500 
A mighty good piece of property. ane 


~ JR DRENT—R OR 5 wumial 
) D ENT ETAIL ST E NO. 86 WASHINGTON STREET. Near State Capitol.  180x20v. 10- 


n¢ EDGEWOOD AVE.—25x75, near North Boulevard ede spate aqeny a sna ton Gis eae ee 
: " ——Ma a > Cor . 
ation for any retail line—$50, nqu ~ all arvund there. Only $25,000. It’s aj) 


J. R. SMITH & M. S. RANKIN 


66% NORTH FORSYTH 


&Y ON REAL ESTATE | MONEY ON REAL ESTATE 


' MONEY TO LEND 


AVE several-amounts actually in bank to lend on 

first mortgage real estate straight or monthly 
loans. Also to buy first mortgage real estate notes 
| Short or long time. If you want quick action see 
Mr. Strauss, with 


LIEBMAN 


REAL ESTATE, RENTING, LOANS, INSURANCE 
53. N. FORSYTH ST. PHONES IVY 2233-2234 


$0,000.00 


EAL ESTATE LOANS in’ amount up to $5,000 at 7 per cent. Money 
here in bank, no delay. Will give positive answer in twenty-four 


hours. 
DEWALD. A. COHEN 


719 Fourth National Bank Bldg. 


| MONEY IN BANK 
$5,063 IN BANK FOR LOANS in sums of $500 and up on improved property; also ample 
funds for smaller loans and notes, No réd tape nor delay, ep 


RE 
AL ESTATE H. F. WEST 318 ATAPTA NATIONAL 


AND LOANS. 
REAL ESTATE—For Sale | REAL ESTATE—For Sale 


—— ee 


“Why Not Improve Your Vacant Property?” 


agen get together and improve your vacant lot by erecting an attrac- 
tive home for the man and woman who are anxious for their own 


fireside. We will build for you 
make you a profit. you, and then sell to the future owner, and 


WEBB CONSTRUCTION CO. 


809 FORSYTH BUILDING. 


ANSLEY PARK BUNGALOW 


NEAR THE DRIVING CLUB, we are offering a modern 7-room brick 
bungalow for $12,500. We consider this one of the best buys in 
this select residence section; it is vacant; we have the keys, and will 
be glad to show you by appointment. ) 


$10,000 BRICK FOR 
48 750 


GENUINE BARGAIN, BOULEVARD 

PARK—That beautiful wire-cut 
cream brick every one admires, and 
the stone front, with stone columns, 
tile porch, concrete steps and drive, 
THE INTERIOR IS BEAUTIFUL. 
Piano fintsh on all wood work, 
sterling fixtures, brick mantels, 
bookcases: every room handsomely 
papered; the best hardware and bath 
fixtures. Has 7 rooms, the break- 
fast room and combination sleeping 
porch, Nice, level let and concrete 
basement. THE DEST BUY IN AT- 
LANTA, Don’t miss it. Let us show 
you, 


SALMON CO. 


IVY 3067. IVY 3067, 


CENTRAL BUSINESS PROPERTY. 
heart of Business District. 
Rental $5,400. Price $40,000, 


' 3-story brick building. Right in 
Near Piedmont Hotel and Postoffice. 
Fine location for your office or business, 


CENTRAL PROPERT , 
be ars vege ntl near location of Municipal Market: 10 brick 


‘ . investment. apa: Rental $5,500. Price $55,000. Good 
Attractive display , 


BAKNDSOME NEW NORTH SIDE BRICK DUPLEX. Corner lot. Hard- 
Gnas ge = # aaa double garage. Owner leavink Atlanta 

sell for $15.500, and a bargai , ve 
Balance easy. — Terms only $3,500 cash. 


—— 


a 


b 


ent Geee 
of fundeSQR RENT—Business Space 
ns cw n 
ed » FOR RENT — APPROXI- 
oub MATELY 1,200. SQ. FT., 
- FIRST FLOOR, SAME 
«4 SPACE IN BASEMENT, ON 
; PRYOR ST., BETWEEN 
EDGEWOOD AND _ AUL- 
BURN. SUITABLE FOR 
RETAIL BUSINESS OR 
MANUFACTURING REP- 
RESENTATIVE SHO W 
ROOM. IMMEDIATE POS- 
SESSION. REASONABLE 
RENTAL. TELEPHONE [. 
3157 OR H. 498, CONSTITU- 
TION. 
ji% KE. ALABAMA SBT., second-floor 14-loft. 
G. W. Scipie. Phones I. 300 & 3250. 


ee. 


Arcade 
ARTISTIC, HAND-MADFE BRICK BUNGALOW: 8 hedrooms: inclosed 

sleeping porch. Spacious living room, large breakfast room : concrete 
Baseinent ; Ruud waier heater. Fine finish. Owner simply must sell. 
Offers it at bargain price of $13,500. On terms, too. 


o 


~ 


$10 500 BUYS 10-room house on 
’ Juniper street. We recom- 
mend this as being worth the price. Terms 
on $2,500 cash. wie cal me 

ae S new 2-sto white co- 
$15,000 jonial Seoeiienet tik ‘Anahes 
Park. Two baths, 8 rooms, lot 100x200. 
Terms, 


$9 500 BUYS one of the very best 
’ and most attractive new T7- 


room brick bungalows on north side, near 
Ponce de Leon avenue and North Boulevard. 
It has cement driveway, garage. Terms 


on $1,500 cash. ' 

7 500 BUYS beautiful new white 
5 , colonial bungalow, just off 
North Morland avenue, Five large rooms, 
breakfast room, drive and garage. ‘Terms 
on $1,000 cash. 


Ralph B. Martin & Co. 


$11 ATLANTA TRUST CO. BLDG. I, 8138, 


ONE SOLD LAST WEEK 


HERBE’S the other one modern 7-rooi brick 
bungalow that we can offer for quick sale 
$1,000 less than anything in Atianta on the 
north side to compare with it in location and 


rre300 CASH—BAL. EASY 


BUYS lovely new white wide board modern 
bungalow in the Virginia avenue section, 


$875 CASH—BAL. EASY 


6-ROOM buff brick bungalow, hot water 
heat, cement drive and garage, on lot 
abouh 200 feet deep, 2 blocks North avenue 
school, one block Ponce de Leon avenue. 


UPLEX 


NO. 60 EAST CAIN STREET. Near lvy Big lot, 635x200. Non-resi- 


On terms or some trade. 


INMAN PARE. 


$5.500—6-ROOM bungalow, near N. More 
land ave. W. E. Perry. Ivy 6414. 


VERY MODERN 
LOVELY brick duplex, 6 rooms each 

apartment; 2 furnaces, double 
garage. Best north side location. 
(an be bought for $3,000 less than 
a month ago. Call and let us show 
you. 


CITY REALTY CO. 


MAIN 846. 


A real 


VACANT LUTS. 


VACANT LOT—Forrest avenue. Bargain. 
’ on? " ‘ LY 42") ‘ 
Terms. 203 Trust Co. Ga. Bldg. Ivy 1432. NORTH SIDE BRICK TRIPLEX (3 apartments): 
5 rooms each. Rental $1,980, 
occuples. 3 garages. 
north side propesitions, 


in part payment. 


2 apartments upstairs, 
7-room apartment downstairs. Owner 
Substantial construction. One of the very best 


SUBURBSE, 
Price $23,000. On terms, Vacant lot accepted 


SUBURBAN HOME BARGAIN! 
AN absolute no interest on de- 

ferred monthly payment BAR- 
GAIN in a COMPLETE new six- 
room home, all conveniences, Vir- 
ginia Park. See Mr. Walker on the 
ground, or address Box 702, Hape- 
ville, for full information. 


WE WANT CHOICE VACANT LOTS AS PART PAYMENT ON HOMES, 


JAMES L. LOGAN 


N. F. MARSHBURN, SALES MANAGER, 
* IVY 3416-3417. 


Ansley Park — Peachtree 
Cirele 


ON Peachtree Circle, handsome 2-story 
brick, slate-roofed home; 4 bedrooms, 2 
sleeping porches, 2 tiled baths and lava- 
tory, living room, 35 ft. long lovely sun 
parlor; large dining room, handsomely pan- 
elled in mahogany; hot water: heat; double 
garage; servaut’s room; lot has frontage of 
100 ft. A beautiful home; $18,500. Ivy 
156. Flat Iron Building. 


J. R. NUTTING & CO. 
BRICK BUNGALOW 


ONE of the most substantial and attrac- 
tive 8-room brick bungalows in Atlanta 
is offered for immediate sale. Ideally lo- 
cated near Piedmont Park,, on beautiful 
Park drive, perfectly lying’ lot beautified 
with shrubbery. Unusual circumstances 
place this home on the market. The price 
insures quick sale 


TTI T » 

J. R. NUTTING & CO. 
IVY 156. FLATIRON BLDG. 
NORTH SIDE—In Ansley Park on car line, 

beautiful 7-room, cream brick bungalow; 2 
baths, 2 garages, servants’ house, steam 
heat. $14,000. Easy terms. The best value 
ever offered. Be quick. E. L. Harling, 
815 Atlanta National Bank Bldg. J. 5324. 


Pe 7 
ANSLEY PARK BUNGALOW 
UNUSUAL yalue in T-room bungalow on 

beautiful Prado, near car line. LELvery 
convenience, including furnace, cement side 
drive, garage, 2 servants’ rooms. Large east 
front lot. Entire property in excellent con- 
dition. Exclusive sale, $9,000. Ivy 156. 
Flatiron Boailding. 


J. R. NUTTING & CO. 


$7,000—NEW 6-room bungalow. 
RIG BARGAIN, ON FASY TERMS. 
IVY 5087 MONDAY. 


BRICK bungalow, 


3usiness Property—For Sale 


_—_ 


NEW KIRKWOOD 
BUNGALOW 

FIVE ROOMS and bath, 4 fireplaces, 

conveniently arranged, near 
church, school and car line. Pay 
$500 cash, move in, and the bal- 
ance $35 per month, 
A REAL DUPLEX, and brick at that, 10 J. = SMITH & M. S. RANKIN 
rooms, 5 up and 5 down, two baths, sepa- 6614 NORTH FORSYTH ST. IL. 636, 
rate entrance, one block from West Peach- s 
tree. Ask $14,000, but want an offer. 


TURNER-PASCHAL CO. 


1012 Citz. and Sou. Bank Bldg. Ivy 69753. 


Railroad Frontage—For Sale. 
VALKER ST.—On, main line Southern 819-820 ATLANTA TRUST CO. BLDG. 
mR. R., we offer a lot 41x126. Walker 
freet is developing fast as one of the 
aain industrial streets of the city. There 
a a sure profit in this lot at the price 
ve offer. 


A. S. ADAMS-CATES CO. 


REALTORS. | GRANT BLDG.. IVY 4385, 


’ 
* 


We Recommend This as a Real Home 
No. 20 8. Ashby St. Lot 77x160. Corner Sells Ave. 


THE builder of this house used to live in Nebraska and it was 
constructed so as to keep warm in the winter. It has a 
full cement basement with stone foundation, a steam heating 
plant that keeps the house at an even temperature, Down- 
Stairs, the arrangements consist of an entrance hall, living room 
dining room, kitchen and a large pantry. Upstairs, there are 
3 bed-rooms, one of these bed-rooms is double size. There is 
also a large attic. There are both front and side porches. The 
lot is more than ordinary size and there is an abundance of 
flowers and shrubs and a fine garden in the rear. Anyone who 
knows good construction will recognize it at a glance of this 
well built house. On account of family changes, it must be sold 
and is offered at a-sacrifice price of $9,000. Here isan oppor- 
tunity for someone to buy a real house such as can only be 
attained by a ae it yourself (which you will find to be 
very expensive), or else by takin v 
tunity of this kind. , me 


ADAIR REALTY & TRUST CO. 


30 ACRES. Marietta car line 4 miles ? 
Points. Houses. Barguin, 203 Trus 
Ga. Ivy 1432. 


FARM LANDS—For 


TWO-STORY dwellin 
21 Acres barn and dairy build 


cellent type of land and just 2% 

of Atlanta over paved drive. Th 
is worth $5,000. “YOUR PRICI 
IT.”’ It is a distress proposition : 


For Rent—Business Space Ride. 


‘ENTRALLY located hall for script club 

er private dances. Reasonable. 10314 
Peachtree, opposite Piedmont Hotel, Fra- 
ernity Dancing School. 


’ REAL ESTATE—Wanted 
 -T WANTED, = - 


A GOOD Iying lot on or off Peachtree road, 

; 60 to 100 feet frontage. Give location 

‘and best price in first letter. I'm in the 

warket and mean business, Address H-551, 
“rare Constitution, 

LOTS — LOTS. 
WANT to buy from owner, 5 lots on the 
north side, for cash. Address H-532, Con- 


atitution, 
"CASH CUSTOMERS 
WE have a number of cash customers for 
* homes, ‘ 
GEO. T. NORTHEN CO. 
9°29 GRANT BLDG. IVY 6257. 


$10,500 BARGAIN 


FRAME duplex in High- 

land- Virginia Avenue 
section. Five-room apart- 
ments, two furnaces, 50x 
150 lot. Leased at $1,680 
per year. Take a pencil 
and figure the percentage., 
Cash or terms, 


ROGERS REALTY & TRUST CO. 
Ben Padgett, Mgr. 

50 Marietta St. Ivy 4100. acres fertile, wire-fenced till 

pasture; 


CALL - near R. R., good neig 


ANSLEY PARK HOME contentment, prosperit 


values. Aged owner retiring. 

TWO-STORY brick and frame, situated on | only $1,500. Terms arrange 

lerge, beautiful lot, with shrubbery and a | wins. Catalog free. C. A. 
variety of fruit and grapes. House was 


BE SOLD. Reasonable cash payu 
5 years for balance. 
HOLLIS REALTY CO. IVY 
228 Peachtree Arcade. j 


20-Acre Farm, With Crop 
Implements, Horse, 5 Hog 
POULTRY; where happiness, ple 
100-box orange grove, 
plums; you should make 


Ivy 280. 


p> — 


bungalow, E. Ninth: every con- 

venience; price based on present low cost 
of labor and material. Terms, Gilbert Co., 
Forsyth bide. Ivy 1801. 


LEVORE moving to Atlanta I want to find 

a home on a good street, near enough to 
a- achoc!, Will not consider any place 
that is not a bargain. Need at least two 
bedrooms. Must be modern. Describe fully 
end name locatjon, price and terms, Edward 
Carmichael, Jackson, Ga. 
LT or house and lot, -north side beyond 

14th street or Druid Hills and Emory uni- 
versity sections. Give location, cash pay- 
‘ments and terms in first letter. Address 
Home, Consitution, 


AM moving my family to Atlanta and want 

to buy a nice 6-room home in West End, 
Inman Park or north side. Can make sub- 
atantial payment. Give particulars and lo 
«ation. G. A. Terrell, Fayetteville, Ga. 


IF you desire to sell your home, lot, acreage 
or other property try us. Our best ef- 
forts promised. Gilbert Co:, Forsyth bidg. 
Ivy 1801. 
FROM 50 to 100 acres, unimproved, close to 
«Atlanta. Suitable for cheap subdivision. 
. Price must be right for cash. Address In- , 
veastor, P. O. Box 1301. : 
WE have ready buyers for small farms near 
“, stianta. List yours with us. Brotherton 
“-& Callahan, 250 Arcade bldg. Phone Ivy 
6015, 
‘8ST your property for exie with Fitzhugh 
* Snax, Candier bide. 


Real Estate—Sale, Exchange 


Florida. 


built by present owner for a home and is 
in perfect condition. Located on beaufiful College Park: 
drive. Circumstances have forced this place | graded soi) road. Tract 
on the market and we can quote an &l- / and under high state of 
tractive price for quick sale. reduced from &3.500 to £2, 


E. F. HUFFINES ’ cash, halance to suit. B 


x - ene: han, 250 Peachtree Arcad 
621 ATLANTA far aaee BANK BLDG. 53 ACRES, five miles Fi 


road, two houses, truc 
new home for you, and branch: land in cood @ 1432. 
on fine street: 


crop. 2€3 Trust Co. G 4-room 

Arcola hot water heat; no mortgage; at- | PryF ACRES. on concreffer ont- 
tractive price; easy terms, like rent, See cottage, barn, garagk, dairy 
Chas. A. Davis, 423 Trust Co. of Ga. Bldg. | buildings: this tract is terms. 
or poultry § farm. Tree Ar- 
Brotherton & Callaha 
cade, phone Ivy 6015. 
WEST GEORGIA farm 
West Georgia Land 


Farm Lands 


BLUEGRASS farm: 

well improved. E 
Will arsume loan. 
Ivy 1432. 


BRICK BUNGALOW 
FOUR BED ROOMS 


THIS is a new home, located in 

beautiful Linwood Park: <A real 
home, built by the owner himself. 
Complete to the minute. 
Has fine steam-heating plant. Lot 
50 by 200 east front, side drive and 
gare ve, Rear lot well § fenced. 
Owner anxions to sell. Price $15,500 
on easy terms. Wonld consider 
cheaper place in exchange. Call 
Mr. Clark. 


CALHOUN COMPANY 
METROPOLITAN BLDG. IVY 381. 


NORTH SIDE SPECIAL 


SEVEN ROOMS, bath and breakfast room, on beautiful 

hardwood floors throughout, beautifu} interior finish canes ac 
every respect and .unusually well built. Located near Boulevard 
good section. We have exclusive sale and very low price on good cane 
terms. If interested, see us ‘at once. This kind don’t last long. : 


R. T. DAVID and M. M. NEESE 


IVY 7459. 221 PEACHTREE ARCADE. 
Building Material , Buildi erial 
CALL JOHN WHITE, IVY 163. wets ne 


: M. L. THROWER WE WILL GUARANTEE TO SAVE YOU ONE- 


IN. GOOD NORTH SIDE INVESTMENT APARTMENTS AND DWELLINGS 
A MAJESTIC » White enameled, fireproof, with 
what the average ; o Mave ee 


WE HAVE, on a good north side street, a two-sto 
, ~story, 14-room frame STEBL 
house; seven rooms, bath and sink to each floor. This place can appninene; costs eno-balt kitchen costs. The 

be used as a rooming house, or as a complete dup! © inatantig = ocd). # metal bed that at night ca be in your sun 

piete duplex. At present the | or instantly turned into a room. 4 parlor or sleeping porch 
upstairs is rented for $70 per month, and the owner lives downstairs, | of the dust and ont of sight. OThce, aS closet ont 
Lot is 50x150 with side and rear alley. The price has just been reduceg | '2°7. bave the efficiency of six "profits gee, ay 
from $12,500 to $10,500. There is a loan of $5,000 at 7 per cent due in| PSR : 
1925, and reasonable terms can be arranged. CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELF OR WRITE FOR INFORMATION. 


> 
yeh a, _ ——— — m ™ * Bu id ms. : | = ae 


papring 
spring 


with all im- 
north side; 


COZY 
provements, 


MISCELLANEOUS. 


SEMI-CENTRAL and central property bar- 

gains, $4,500; clese in: will double in 
short time, 15 per cent central investment 
right in the heart of downtown. Chance of 
a life time. Ivy 1853. 414 Healey Bidg. 


rt BARGAINS FOR CASH. 
$5,100—6- ROOM house, close 3 car linea. 
West End. Has all conveniences. Rents 


st. Write 
ville, Ga, 


thange 


el 


DUTCH column bungalow going for $8,750. 

Cost owner $11,000 to build a year ago. 8 
rooms. Every modern convenience. Call Ivy 
5087 Monday. 


RENTS FOR $140 MO. 
PRICE $210,000. TERMS, 
$2,000 CASH, $75 MO. 
For this 2-story frame apt. Bidg. with four 
apts., richt at Grant park, 
CARL FISCHER, [VY 3241, 
376 E. NORTH AVE.—New 6-room bunga- 
low, modern conrs., hardwood floora, ga- 
rage, etc. 1092 Angier ave., new §-room |: 
brick veneer bungalow. modern convs., easy 
terms. Owner, Main 4424, . 


: with BOULEVARD PARK—Brand-new 6-room 
. ; » a ae ae, — oo A Ag brick, at bargain. See Mr. Meore. W. 
b.. ; - - - H. & Hamilton, 229 Candler Bide. L 2026. 
REAL ESTATF to trade for automobile. 


| % Clark, 604 Silvey bide. =, PETERS PARK 
| | > T a 
| “REAL ESTATE—Sale, Rent | °O°°*’ Perens “LAxD co. 


eat place; 


for $50. 

$2,900-—-5-ROOM house, large corner lot, on 
. double car line. 

$5,000 WILL buy 3 new 6froom houses. 
water, lights, on paved street 5 biocks 

from Grant Park. 4 

2,750—SIX houses on south eide. 

$3,250—5-ROOM, modern new bungalow, 
West End. Small cash. For colored 


ise 
75—NICE lot, weet side, just off Ashby 


street. 
IVY 7565. THOS. S. HARPER. Ivy 5134 
ONE FIVE-ROOM HOUSE in western part 
of city for sale; also a good vacant lot 
to sell or trade. A. C. Ashley, 300 Form- 
walt Street. 


7-ROOM bouse, tn good growing section. 


DIR 
ie 
REAL E$ 


CALE 
Metropolitan B 


GENTS 


Ivy 381. 
sold by Chas 


ab 


garage, 100 fruit trees, 
r 


Like rert. Owner, Ivy 8708. 


A. Graves : i ne 


. ___ 610 Peters Park. ie 
tort Pe List YOUR PROPERTY WITH GEO. P. 


"s > + : = v4.8 ? » . + 


“ , J 
i ae sy 


Ivy md 


66 1-2 North Forsyth ** 


<<" 
5.16 Ts 
yee aE 


Pt 


VOL. LIV., No. 210. ATLANTA, GA., SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 8, 1922. 


| FURTHER REDUCTIONS IN FEDERAL RESERVE. 

,REDISCOUNT RATES TO FOLLOW LOWERED MONEY 
CUT WL BE MADE ewe, ete®, LONDONVE The Outlook for 1922 TREND NSTOCNS NercneFavorea AE APSE OR RAM 
OW STH DISTRICT, “ss Western FORNEW YEAR ——, vmetearamcrtinnm HOLDS DISASTER. addon GANNOTEXPETED 
AG WALL OTHERS zsezsemcccrISCONSERVATNE FORBEAR TRADE "ss, *exczshc BY NOTED EXPERT 


HILE the present world situation still carries an abundance of 
gia Believes Further Wage a cs : 
\ ' America’s Outlook Link- Present Market Actions’ 


—— as 
- 
4 : 
’ * — 
Ky 
oe 


~ Li SS 
» aekee 
wy i; 
, Tm 
a 
v1 Ae 
ete 
¢ 
wage 
wes 
og 
4 
sh 
~s 
a 
& 
r i. 


Aid to Foreign 


2 conclusion is justified on both theeretical and empirical grounds. 
Rehearsing the sequence of evénts in the typical, business cycle, it 
| will be recalled that after a crisis has’ been bred of inflated costs aad 
| high money rates, the first sign of a break-comes in the stock market. 
| The next striking development is a decline in commodity prices, to be 


) i@mast and that a gradual recovery in business has begun. Such 
Mitchell Asserts Narrow 


BY R. F. MADDOX, 


j AM A. WINBURN. j 
BY WILLIAM A. WINBUR President Atlanta Nationa! Bank. 


uncertainties; the probability is that the worst of the depression 
Cuts Will Be Made. | 
- / 


v's 


4 


Authoritative Information 
‘in Treasury Circles Is to 
Effect Step Soon Will 
Be Taken. . 


INCREASE IN SURPLUS 
MONEY IS EVIDENT 


—— 


Bankers Believe Easy 
Money Wil11 Continue 


* Far Into Spring—Liqui- 


> 


cation Progressing. 


JAMES A. HOLLOMON., 
Constitution Bureau, 

Raleigh Hotel. 
Washingten, January 7.—(By Con- 
Leased Wire.)—Following 
sensational ‘break in time and 


Ey 


stitution 
the 
call money, 
cial paper 
it is authoritatively stated in 
treasury circles today that the fed- 
al reserve discount rate is soon to 
ilerzo another general slashing. A 
cent rate, or a reduction of 
per cent, practically assured 
for <ew York, the rediscount rate in 
thai district now being 4 1-2 per 
eent, and relative reductions from pres 
ent rates will, :t is believed, be made 
in the other reserve districts, inelud- 


CPULETS, 


4 ne; 


1-2 


- 1S 


ing Atlanta. 

Reports to treasury officials 
¢ate that the commercial paper rates 
‘ave not only wiakened in New York, 
al of the 


, 
i 


but 


+ Gradual improvement in business and 


ed 


liquidation of loans also will cause 
the reduction in rates. 

The market rate for money has ex- 
distinctly easy tendency, 
there flurries for par- 
since early fall. DPres- 
ent conditions have brought a flow 
of funds to the financial centers, seek- 
ins employment, which is unprecedent- 
and New York has not been the 
In Chicago, St. 


hibited a 
with here and 


fieular causes, 


only center affected. 


*Touis. Kansas City, Atlanta, and oth- 


© ished article has been materially les- | 


diately. 


. 
9 


ies 
“ Y 


o 


from | 
eppital than under normal conditions 


er reserve cities, where a_ possibility 
for re-employment of funds for long 
short periods has presented, the 
conditions have ruled. 

Less Capital Required. 


or 
SAIDeC 


indi- | 


“ 
financial centers. 


and the lowered commer- | 
rates at all the Seansiet | 


lndustry and business of a1] sorts, | 


preceeding at a measured pace 


one-half to three-quarters less 
of output. Less money is tied up in 
ruw materials and payrolls. The gulf 


between the raw material and the fin- 


sened, 
As loans have been paid off to in- 


terior banks-in all parts of the coun- | 
a sur-| 


try, these banks bave found 


plus of idle capital on their hands. 


in | 
ail paris of the United States, require | ; 
Settlement of Foreign Debt 


/most dangerous are perhaps seven in 


This capital has been diverted to the | 


financial centers in the hope of keep- | 


ing it profitab'y employed and at the 


came time in such a liquid condi- 


t 


| 


| his will probably be avoided because 


ton that it could be recalled at a mo- | 


ment'’s notice. 
‘Nie effect was an easier condition 
the market in New York 


in money 


<eramble in the bond market. Lnvest- 
ment was made of much of the sur- 
“Wis high-yield standard bonds which 
« \id be converted into’ cash imme- 


Large Idle wad. 


‘imates of the amount of liquid 


48 in New York at the moment, 


fr 


seeking employment, vary greatly. One | 
banker estimated them at $100,000,- | 


00. Other estimates are smaller and 
some few larger. The figure fluctuates 


irom day to day, as deposits are with-} cailles is in no small measure respon- 


drawn or replenished. Interior insti- 
tutions generaliy withdraw rather 
eavily, when the call rate sags, but 
this has not happened to any great 
extent in the present market. 

A number ef bankers believe the 
present era of easy money will last 
far into the spring—until the seasonal 
aemand for funds for crop planting 
avain tempts the surplus away from 
the cities, 


SPOT COTTON PRICES 
FOR PAST 57 YEARS 


7 


An interesting comparison of the 
range of the “spot price” of cotton 
at New York for the past fifty-seven 
years is contained in the following 
table: 
High. 
°1 


Low. 
3-16 10 

P20 45% 14 
W919 40% 

IMIR Sy 

BIT Sis, 

1916 20%, 


‘WIS 1255 1886 98 9-16 de eo 
-1 


10 
10Y% 
10 7-16 


“Ss 
1882 13 1-16 
TS81 15 
1880 13% 
1879 13% 914 
1878 12 9-16 8 13-16 
1877 13 5-16 10 13-16 
1876 13 10% 
1875 17% 13 1-16 
1874 18 14% 
18738 21 


: 8 1872 21 


5 13-16 1868 33 
F11-18 1887 36 


on 
ouring the early fall and a veritable | CFOPS> but this is not likely to take 


| 


} 
{ 
| 
! 


| 


ordinated. 


omy 
operating costs. 


roads during the past year has, in mv 
opinion, 
skimping oh maintenance of way and{quent easy money. 
equipment. 


'velief afforded by the federal reserve 


President Central of Georgia Railway 
Company. . 

I am inclined to believe that wages 

will be reduced from 10 to 15 per cent 

during the coming year. Should this 


come about, a corresponding decrease | 
in rates mav be anticipated, inasmuch | 


the railroad executives have 
pledged themselves to give the public 


as 


the benefit of any decreased costs of | 


operation. 

You ask if, in my opinion, the rail- 
road labor board should be continued. 
{ have no quarrel with the principle 
that the service of the railroads 
should be performed under the super- 
vision of an agenc¥ representing the 
peuple. 


‘the danger is that numerous and 


unrelated agencies may interfere with | 


the legitimate function of management | 
by regulation which is hampering in } 
its tendencies, 

More Co-ordination. 

It is my belief that the results both 
to the public and to the railways 
would be more satisfactory if the Ss. 
ernmental agents now  supervismg 
railway service were more closely co- 


This, 1 think, particularly applies 
to the railroad labor board, which con- 
trols wages and working conditions, 
and to the interstate commerce com- | 
mission, which has the power over 
rates. 

Every conceivable method of econ- 
bas been employed to reduce 
To enumerate those 
most. effective I should mention the 
reduction of forces engaged in the 
maintenance of way and equipment, 
the omission of improvements and 
vigorous campaigns to conserve fuel 
and decrease claims for loss and dam- 
age to freight. 

Maintenance Deferred. 

The physical condition of the rail- 
roads today compared with their con- 
dition when the government relin- 
quished control can be briefly 
summed up with the statement— 
‘maintenance has been deferred.” 

Khe Central of Georgia dailway will 
probly spend on equipment, ma- 
terials Nand supplies, including rails. 
during the coming year approximately 
$1,500,000. This will cover about 50 
per cent of our actual needs; that is 
to say, we could properly and profit- 
ably expend an additional $1,500,000, 
if we had it to spend. 

The larger net income of the rail- 


been very largely due to 


Werld Affairs 
In Grave Need | 
Of Conference 


Problem Would Help 
Business. 


BY LEONARD P. AYRES. 
Vice President the Cleveland Trust 
Company. 

1 look for a moderate and irregular | 

recovery. 
The possible developments that are 


uumber. ‘The first would be the oc- 
currence of several large @ inwmercial 
or financial failures coming near to- 
gether in the early part of the year. 


of the superior facilities tor aid and 


systein. ; 
The second serious factor would be 
general shortage of agricultural 


place, for the crops of this year are 
iar below normal and serious agricul- 
tural defitiencies have seldom occurred 
two years in succession. 

The third dangerous possibility is 
not far from being a probability. It 
is a commercial collapse in Germany! 
such as has already taken place in 
Russia, Poland and Austria. 

The fourth possibility is the rejec- 
tion by the senate of the treaty for 
the limitation of armament. This 
would have serious economic conse- 
quences, just as the rejection by the 
United States of the treaty of Ver- 


sible for the present economic depres- 
sion here and abroad. 

The fifth factor that would make 
for a setback to business would be a 
general strike of coal miners or rail-| 
road workers. The sixth would be 
the passage of a bonus enactment re- 
quiring heavy bond issues. The sev-: 
enth would be the passage of a high 
tariff bill. 

Farmer’s Buying Power Low. 

The general level of wholesale 
prices is likely to remain substantial- 
ly unchanged during the first half of 
the year. The tendency will probably 
be for the prices of manufactured ar- 
ticles to work downward and for those 
of ‘raw materials to advance. As 
the prospects for the new agricultural 
crop develop, prices of raw materials 
are likely to advance strongly if short- 
ages appear probable, and to fall slow- 
ly if normal crops are indicated. 

The farmer's purchasing power will 
surely remain low untid after another 
crop has been harvested. The volume 
of this year’s crop in bushels, bales 
and tons is about 15 per cent below 
normal. No such short crop has been 
harvested since 1901, and perhaps not 
since 1894. The prices received were 
so greatly reduced that the income of 
the farmers was probably not more 
than 40 per cent of that of 1920. The 
combination of short crops and low 
prices is most unusual and _ very 
serious. During the past fifty years 
there are few instances of crops being 
short for two years in succession, al- 
though it happened for three years in 

2. 1893 and 1894, of which the 
latter two were also years of profound 


‘efforts 


‘forthcoming economie conference, for 


business depression. The probabili- 
ties are that crops will be much bet- 
ter in 1922 than in 1921, and that 
the framer’s purchasing power will be 


“Continued om Page 4, Colin 6. 


ed With Europe, Is Kid- 
dy’s Opinion Voiced in 
Detailed Discussion. 


TWO STEPS OPEN 
TO U. S. LEADERS 


If the Country Remains 
Aloof, Banking Reserves 
Will Increase, But Trade 
Will Be Quiet. 


BY ARTHUR W. KIDDY. 
Editor of the Bankers’ Magazine and 
Financial Editor of the London 
Morning Post. 

(Special Copyright Cable Dispatch for 
The Constitution. ) 

London, January 7.—When viewed 
at close quarters, the past year has 
beey most trying. When viewed in 


retrospect, however, it becomes in- 
creasingly evident that some _ real 
progress has been made towards pre- 


paring the way for the improvement 
that is to come later. 
ed with dear money and a flat securi- | 
ties market; it closes with cheap mon- 
ey and a rising market for securities. 
Trade depression, however, is even 
more pronounced than it was at the 
beginning of the year, the coal strike 
of last spring having brought about 
the final demoralization. 

The valuation of 321 representative 
stocks by the Bankers’ Magazine 
shows a net appreciation of 12,000,000 
pounds during 1921, in spite of a 
decline of 60,000,000 pounds in Amer- 
ican securities. Nevertheless, during 
the year aggregate values touched the 
lowest point for fourteen years, and 
the-appreciation has come entirely in 
the closing months. Consols, which 
touched 44 5-7 this year, now stand 
at 50 2-7. Similarly, the 5 per cent 
war loan, which at one time was down 
to S2 7-8, is now at ¥2 1-4. 

Rise May Continue. 

It is generally believed that this 
rise will continue into the new year, 
but this belief is also based on ex- 
pectations of a continuance of the de- 
pressed state of trade, with conse- 
Even supposing 
that the international economic con- 
ferences which are likely to be the 
leading feature of the new ‘year are 
success{ul in the sense of aiding the 
distressed countries of Kurope, such 
schemes would almost inevitably in- 
volve credit expansion first, with a 
possible accentuation of the ease in 
money. kKeal trade activity, with de- 
mands on loanable capital, would only 
follow much later. 


It is believed that another feature 
of the new year will be the conclu- 
sion of some scheme for funding the 
British debt to the United States, and 
possibly also some kind of arrange- 
ment of the other European debts 
to you, though the latter must inev- 
tably take the form of long deferred 
payments. 

Future Linked With Europe. 

As considered here, your own out- 
look for the new year is inextricably 
linked with that of Kurope, It is be- 
lieved that one of two courses will be 
followed. Either you will stand very 
much aloof, in which case it is believed 
that your position as indicated by 
banking reserves will continue increas- 
ingly strong, but will be accompanied 
by quieter trade, which may be stim- 
ulated to some extent by absolutely 
necessary European orders. 

If, on the other hand, your surplus 
credits. are employed with discretion 
in foreign loans, and at the same time 
are made to restrain mere 
speculative activities, it is believed 
that your trade will expand enormous- 
ly, and that your real strength, as ex- 
pressed in reserve contro] over for- 
eign exchanges, will be greatly in- 
creased. 

Nevertheless, you do well to ob- 
serve due caution with regard to the 


London itself is unable as yet to de- 
termine whether the results will be of 
n first-class order or merely a stimu- 
lus to joint British and German com- 
pany promoting enterprises in Russia 
~ § elsewhere. Inasmuch as _ your 
banRing position was never greater or 
stronger than at the close of this year, 
the real test now comes as to how 
you will use these great resources. 


IRON OUTPUT OF THIS 
COUNTRY FOR 3 YEARS 


Output of iron in the United States 
during the past year is shown in the 
following table, which gives The Iron 
Ave returns for each month, compari- 
son being made with 1919 and 1918 
and figures representing gross tons: 


November ... 
October 


‘rhe year open- | 


| Crops of the U. 


Steel Output Holding Up. 


(Special to Atlanta Constitution.) 
Pittsburg, January 7.—Steel 
mill operations have not been de- 
creasing as much as was expected, 
in view of the dull market lately, 
and the year has ended with pro- 
duction at the rate of about 20,- 
000,000 tons of ingots a year, 
against an average rate in October 
and November of 23,000,000 tons. 
A rate of 23,000,000 tons may easi- 
ly be attained again within a few 
weeks. ; , 


followed in turn by a slackening in the rate of business activity and 
depression. Still later in the cycle, money rates begin to fall. Tie 
first sign of revival, then, comes as a rally in se€@urity prices. 

In the present instance the indications are that the latter stage 
has been reached. November, 1919, saw the beginning of liquidaticn 
in the stock market. 1920 was the year of falling commodity prices. 
1921 has been the year of falling money rates. The autumn of the past 
year, furthermore, saw a modest but distinct improvement in the vol- 
ume of industrial production, and the last months of the year witnesseJ 
substantial recoveries in security prices. 


Leaving the cycle theory out of the question, it is apparent that 
business conditions are now on a much more workable basis. Com- 
modity prices have gained a very fair measure of stability. “Distress”? 


selling of commodities is generally at an end. Further recessions in com- 


modity prices are likely to reflect lower production costs as a result of 


wage reductions and lower transportation costs.\ As such they will te | 
very considerably reduced and several basic industries show trust- | 


They will create nothing like the un- 
Stocks of commodities are 


less rapid and more calculable. 
certainty attending the earlier declines. 
worthy signs of having turned the corner. 


A major improvement in banking conditions is another ¢ncour- 


aging factor. Whether measured by the extraordinary rise in reserva- 
tions or by the substantial decline in interest rates, the answer is the 
same. A vast volunie of frozen credits has been liquidated. War paper 


holdings of the federal reserve system have been greatly reduced. A 
smaller volume of self-liquidating paper which represents lower price 
levels has been substituted. The big member banks have been able to 
pay off most of their loans at the reserve banks. A certain volume of 
frozen credits does, to be sure, still exist in the grain and live stock 
districts. It is a striking fact, however, that borrowing as between 
the different regional reserve banks is at an end, each being able to 
take care of its own needs without assistance-for the first time since 
1917. 

Actual betterments in industry are numerous. Steel making 
touched the depths of its depression last July, has rallied substantialiy, 
and is holding its gains well through the normally dull winter season. 
Textile mills have operated at a remarkably satisfactory rate, and their 
takings of cotton and wool have increased consistently. Cotton grow- 
ers profited by a strong rise in values during the fall, and the oil in- 
dustry shows a healthy recovery from an overdone price deflation. 


If business, then, has turned the corner, the question remains as 
to the probable speed of the recovery. Several powerful brakes to the 
movement must be admitted. The dislocation of world business has 
been huge, representing the liquidation not only of a violent posi- 
armistice speculation, but the inflation of four years of world war. 
Europe’s economic loss was enormous, and the purchasing power de- 
stroyed cannot be restored in a day. 


Similarly, domestic recovery is retarded by the seriously crippled 
purchasing power in the agricultural districts. 
mortgaged before it went into the ground. It has been, furthermore, a 
serious disappointment, both as to yield and the prices obtained. As a 
result, at least another crop is needed to get the farmer out of debt. 
With the prices of his products far below those of the articles he must 
buy, it is a foregone conclusion that his purchases will be limited to 
strict necessities. A strong rally in farm products would, of course, 
help the situation greatly, but there is no particular reason for antici- 
pating such a ray. Agricultural buying, therefore, probably will be 
only moderately improved. 

In discussing the business outlook a year ago in these columns it 
was pointed out that recovery would be delayed by economic prostra- 
tion in the Far East and South America, from which there were no 
signs of speedy relief. This prophecy, unfortunately, has been justified 
by subsequent events. A moderate improvement occurred in the Far 
East during the latter half of the year. The Indian monsoon was favor- 
able and the price of foreign silver at New York advanced from a low 
of 52% cents to 73% cents on October 17. The gains were not, how- 
ever, fully maintained. They did, nevertheless, help to better the posi- 
tion. A similar situation exists respecting South Amerioa. Further 
irregular gains in these countries are probable during the coming year. 


Turning to Europe, the past year has seen the greatest disparity 
in the progress made by the different countries. It is perhaps not with- 
out significance, however, that the principal exchanges recorded. sub- 
stantial net gains on the year. Such questions as German reparations, 
a stable basis for the impoverished countries, and the interallied debts 
now dominate the situation. With these issues at a critical stage it 
might seem that Europe’s progress, or lack of progress, is dis- 
couraging. 

Such a view would be, however, a superficial one. Conditions ©n 
the continent really have improved materially since the armistice. 
Actual warfare is dying out. The bolshevik menace is practically at 
an end. 
rational treatment and rational solutions. Europe has steadied and 
strengthened herself socially and politically. The time is now ripe for 
the introduction of financial reforms. Time was necessary to bring the 
situation to the present stage, and time will be required to put in force 
the necessary budgary and currency reforms. The important thing is 
that the will to solve the pressing financial and economic problems is 
at hand. 

This fact must be borne in mind in considering the German situa- 
tion. There is little in the latter to suggest any speedy and strong 
resumption in German purehasing of raw materials. Germany cannot 
suddenly stop her printing presses and her subsidies. The reforms 
must be gradual. Even then the transition from an inflationist to a 
sound basis will develop puzzling commercial problems, Taking the 
long view, however, the gain in arriving at a sound basis and the allies’ 
evident intention of allowing the breathing spell in reparations neces- 
sary for reaching such a basis are of the greatest value. 

In a similar manner the likelihood ef a European economic-confer- 
ence aS a sequel to the supreme council] meeting next month at Cannes 
carries constructive implications of the first order. Impediments which 
now stand in the way of a general] trade revival are in a fair way to be 
removed. The immediate effects, however, probably will beJimited. As 
in the case of the conference for the limitation of armament, time w'Il 
be required to translate the decisions reached into budgetary savings 
and increased orders for raw materials and manufactured goods. 

We may conclude, therefore, that the worst is past and that recov- 
ery is under way. Improvement is likely to be gradual, and seasonal 
trends probably will stand out. For the coming year cheaper money 
rather than pronouncedly better trade seems to be on the cards. Fur- 
ther moderate readjustments may be expecitd in production costs and 
prices, and margins of profit will be moderate. An incre?tsing number 
of business should, however. he able to operate at a profit. 

(Copyright, 1922, for The Constitution.) 


S Sor Peaad 20 Views. | 


Barley Cotton 


Wheat 


Rre 
Buehels « 


Rushels 
57,918,000 
69,318,000 


§ 
3 


| B83 
333322222333 


2 

- 
ste 
Be 


RRBs 3. 
B: 


¥ 
332222: 


338: 
233) 
3 
a3 
388238 


$32 
BESE SASS: 


cull ool alae aon 


38 
: 


Ba388: 


E 


8 
332332323 
333333233 


85223823 


8832 
3233 


— 
g 


23 
BSRRASTASBS 


28 


hr 

a5 
B 
5 


$282 
E 
33 


% 
5 


2233 


833082 
233 
u22z 

3 


BaShs 
e333 


3 


£9 09919 hIeg bo 09 59 bd bo ND BO 591919 50 > 
. . . tes - * ) + . - 
nd 
~ 


33 


a8 
33 
a3 


e582: 
BEES 


a3 
8 


34yHe 
ER 


3 
3 


~~" 
z 
=&, 
832283 


£3 
F 
LESS 
‘da 
§ 
3 


3 
ES 
is 


At 
3 
E 
ET 
BYSR8 
REL 
S333 
i 
RB 


Bu 
os 


Political and economic problems are decidedly closer to ' 


This year’s crop WAS | 


i 
| 


| 
' 


| 


'the conference would not be able te 


,even though she lost, she would have 


| several important treaties and 


Not Barometer of 1922 
_QOutlook—Recent Devel- 
opments Discussed. 


' 
) 
f 


I looh for a moderate recovery in 
general business during 1922.. If a 
more speedy revival develops it will be 
due to the elimination of political and 
economic uncertain conditions in 


TREND IN STOCKS 
THREATENS BEARS 


| Europe which now limit their buying 
| power and curtail their credits. 


I do 
not see any factors likely to cause a 
setbaz!: to business during tie com- 


Noted Authority Believes 
Several Important Trea- 
ties Will Be Outcome of 
Arms Conference. 


ing year unless it be a more deter- 
mined and organized effort among 


| Wage-earners to resist tne necessary 


reduction in the price of labor. 

As to commodity prices, they are 
not likely to go lower in 1922 in the 
primary markets. The reduction of 
ireight rates may have a tendency to 
lower the price to the consuner, how- 
ever, The farmer's purchasing power 
will not de increased until another 


BY WALTER B. BROWN. 
Editor New York Commercial. 
(Written for The Constitution.) 


| crop has been raised and sold, the ef- 
| tects of which will not likely be felt 


until next fall, 
I do not think that the question of 


New York, January 7.—It would ‘be reduction or remission of debts due to 


unwise to take the present stock mar- 
ket as a barometer of 
outlook for 1922. It is not even a 
reflection of present business condi- 
tions; not that they are following any 
radically diffe-ent course, but. that 
the movement of the stock market is 
not affected by them. It is a pro- 
fessional market, in which traders are 
taking advantage of technica] oppor- 
tunities to make a turn either way. 

In this they have been aided by 
some events having a surface influ- 
ence, but which have not been re- 
lated to underlying conditions. 

The new year opened with .an un- 
settled market, in which the Bicaso 
bank troubles were played up by those 
who thought they saw an opportunity 
on the short side. The taking over 
of the Fort Dearborn institutions by 
the Continental and Commercial had ‘no 
Significance with reference to,the gen- 
eral banking situation other than that 
it removed a weak spot resulting from 
unwise management. 

Coming on the heels of the failure of 
a large commission house, also resu!t- 


Jing from bad management, it seemed 


rather disturbing for a time, but was 

soon appraised at its true value. 
Reduction in oil prices was used 

as a factor in temporarily depressing 


the business | 
| subject should be held 
, until 


the United States government from 
the allied governments can be intelli- 
genily settled at present, and think this 
in abeyance 
the European outlook can be 
more clearly understood. 

I think it is necessary to revise the 
German reparation payments, not 
with the intention of lessening the 
amount ultimately paid, but to allow 
Germany to adjust her economic and 
industrial situation so that the pay- 
ments can be made without seriously 
interfering with commerce of other 
nations. I think the duty of this 
country should be to extend credit and 
render financial assistance to 
countries which have suffered most 
by the-war as soon as these countries 
balance their budgets and settle their 
internal political disputes. 


Better Product 
Much Needed as 


Business Tonic 


Output of Shoddy Goods Re- 
tards Trade Revival—Re- 
covery to Continue. 


LY JAMES J. DAVIS, 
Secretary of Labor. 


the oil stocks. What is most signifi- 
cant in the whole movement thus far 
is that those whohave had the te- 
merity to follow the short side have | 


been quick to secure their profits, | 
just as a few months ago those who 


tried the long side were afraid 
carry their advantage very far, 
Market Too Strong. 

In other words, the bears now 
realize that the market is too strong 
to tamper with, just as the bulls 
found it too weak to fellow steadily 
at that time. It reveals, therefore, 
a strong undertone, instead of a weak 
one, 

It may be that some have been ex- 
Ppecting that the actuai turn of the 
gear would herald the arrival of a 
boom. Those who have been careful- 
ly studying developments have real- 
ized that this was not likely to be 
the case. A number of industries that 
showed good recovery not long ago 
now are affected by seasonal dull- 


to 


|; erate recovery 
'which we are now experiencing will 


It is my conviction that the mod- 
in general business 


continue during the year 1922. I be- 
lieve there will be a slight healthy 
increase in the rapidity ot such re- 
vival, but that any “spurts” or booms 
produced in spots by “psychological 
drives’ will probably not only react 
upon the spost so infiamed, but tend to 
uitimately slightly checked the healthy 
growth. 

As to what in my belief would be 
the greatest stimulating influence to 
business recovery, | may be pardoned 
for suggesting the withdrawal of 
stimulants and the substitution of 
tonies. The first and perhaps the only 
needed tonic now is a reiurn to qual- 
ity. It is my judgment tbat the so- 
called buyers’ strike was a. strike 
against quality as well as against 
prices; in so far as_ such buy- 
ers’ strike continues it is, in my judg- 
ment, a strike against quality today 
and not against price, except, of 
course, along certain’ special lines, 
where prices remain extravagant and 
unreasonable. 


Buying Power Ample. 


ness, which, coming upon a rather | 
delicately balanced industrial  situa- | 
tion, has made more of an impression 
than would normally be the case. 
The expectation is that 1922 is to 
be a year of recovery, and there is 


no reason for departing from that 
belief. We are not going to find our- 
selves even at the end of the year 
back again at the zenith of industrial 
activity experienced in 1920, but un- 
less some new factor intervenes we 
shall have’ made much greater prog- 
ress than we did in 1921, and it has 
to be admitted that even in that year 
of depression we did make some net 
gain. 
View on Conference. 


Within the past few days there 
has been an unfortunate tendency 
to take a rather gloomy view of the 
Washington conference. This is not 
as it should be. Conservative observ- | 
ers have realized from the start that 


carry out its full program, but, on 
the other hand, everything that it may 
finally have accomplished will be just 
so much clear gain. Even if none of 
the proposed treaties are actually rat- 
ified, the conference will have been 
worth while. It will have erystallized 
publie opinion and already bas cleared 
up much confusion of thought and 
purpose on many important subjects. 

Whatever is done will have to rest 
for enforcement upon public opinion 
and the good faith of the nations in- 
volved. That is all that can he expect- 
ed in any event. We have never had 
but one nation that has coldly regard- 
ed a treaty as + scrap of paper, and 
the penalty it is now paying is likely 
to act as a deterrent for anything 
of the kind in the future. 

Had Germany fought a fair fight. 


held the respect of the rest of the 
world and might have found it possi- 
ble to have borrowed money in the 
world’s markets and to have entered 
imtw foreign trade without the burden 
of suspicion which she now has to 


carry. 

i: nation needs the good will of the 
rest of the world and moral standing 
just as an individual needs it within 
the circle in which he operates. Pub- 
tie opinion, therefore, as it has been 
developed around the Washington con- 
‘ference, will be a tremendous factor 
in future international relationshins, 

Nevertheless, the probability is that 


While quality along some lines is 
improving, the improvement here is 
much less noticeable than is the decline 
in price. The buying power of the 
American people has not at any time 
been seriously crippled, but that buy- 
ing power can only be brought into 
action by the buying wish of the 
people, and that can be excited only 
by offering them the quality they want 
of the things they want. 

The only setback to business that 
seems to me to be likely is that our 
factories as they start up may go on 
producing the same absence of quality 
in their output that they were able to 
“get away with’ during the war at 
enormous prices. As in my judgment 
the people will not buy this inferior 
stuff, the factories will soon be able 
to overstock the shelves of the trade 
with this unsalable material and 
hence be forced to close after a short 
run. Wherever the mistake of mak- 
ing poor quality of goods is made I 
believe that this will be the resnlt. 
Fortunately, as stated above, improve- 
ment in quality is somewhat general. 
There is, however, practically no re- 
turn to pre-war standards of quality, 
and to my mind this is the tonie which 
business needs, 

The prices of commodities taken as 


a whole will continue to go lower dur- | 
instances where | 


ing 1922. In some 
the drop has already heen too great 
nerhaps there will he advances, but the 
general price curves are likely to tend 
downward gradually throughout the 


year. 
Labor Costs not High. 

The farmer’s products are not likely 
to go lower than they are now, and 
will probably increase slightly; and if 
as predicted general commodity prices 
decrease, the purchasing power of the 
farmer’s products will in the nature 
of things increase. 

I may say that I do not believe un- 
reasonable reduction in wages, hence 
in the purchasing power of a large 
majority of people, is going to make 
for the improvement of business. A 
great deal of valuable space has been 
used by hothouse economists to over- 
“psychologize” the element of labor 
cost in American production. In very 
many, if not most, of the things we 
produce the actual labor costs in the 
units of production are less than the 
administrative and selling costs, both 
in actual amounts and in percentage 
of total costs, A drive to “liquidate” 
inflated overhead selling and “pey- 
cholovizing” costs micht produce some 


ments 


azree- | 
conference. flected in 


startling rean'ts that could be 
prices. 
9 


the | 


Margins of Profits arid 
Steady Prices Will Aid 


Recovery. 


RAPID INFLATION 
DECLARED DANGEROUS 


Credit Situation Has Im- 
proved and Gradual Re- 
moval of Obstacles to 


Revival Is Taking Place. - 


BY WESLEY C. MITCHELL, 
Author of Business Cycles. 

The usual order of developments in 
a business cycle is prosperity, Crisis, 
depression, and revival, growing into 
a new period of prosperity. But that 
order is not invariable. In particular 
a revival after depression, sometimes 
fails to blossom into prosperity, but 
fades away into renewed depression. 
That happened, for example, in TS¥o, 
when a brisk revival from the deep 
depression of 1894 petered out after 
a few months and left conditions in 
1896 almost as dull as they had been 
two years before. It is such excep- 
tions to the usual order of develop- 
ments that make it difficult to say 
what will be the next stage in the 
course of the current business cycle. 

No one doubts tha. we had a crisis 
in the spring of 1920; that is, a sud- 
den change from abounding prosperity 
to liquidation. No one doubts that 
we suffered from severe depression in 
the latter part of 1920 and the earlier 
part of 1921. Nor need any one doubt 
that a slight recovery from this de- 
pression began last summer and made 
slow progress in the autumn. But 
there is real doubt whether this re- 
vival will accumulate momentum rap- 
idly during 1922 or whether it will 
languish. To form an intelligent opin- 
ion on that question we must analyze 
recent business developments in some 
detail. 

Industrial and Commercial Liquida- 
tion Near’ End. 

First. what progress has been made 
in liquidating the financial entangle- 
ments left over from the boom of 
1919-20? There are two answers to 
this question. In manufacturing and 
commercial business the liquidation 
seems to be approaching its end. Fail- 
ures continue to be numerous but that 
is no uncommon thing in the late 
stages of depression and the early 
stages of revival. The loans of mem- 
ber banks have been falling for many 
months, deposits have begun to in- 
crease, reserve ratios are exceedingl? 
high, and «discount rates, both at the 
federal reserve banks and _ in the 
open market. have declined. All this 
indicates a decided easing of the credit 
situation—such an easing as usually 
accompanies a business revival. It 
may be that many embarrassed con- 
cerns are still being “carried” by their 
banks and perhaps a good many of 
these concerns will ultimately fail. But 
in the great business centers the re- 
turn of such financial strain as char- 
acterized the summer of 1920 grows 
more unlikely every week. 

In the agricultural districts the out- 
look is by no mens so cheerful. The 
rise in the price of cotton has great'y 
encouraged the south. and even in 
the middle west vonditiona seem less 
strained than they were a few months 
ago. But there remains a vast aggre- 
gate of loans to farmers which in a 
normal year would have been liqui- 
{dated by this time, but which in this 
| year the banks must carry at lenst 
until next autumn. Unfortunately. the 
| available reports from the thousands 
lof state banks which do business in 
'farming communities are so meagre 
that no one ean tell how great the 
burden is. We do know. however, that 
the country banks are in a very diffi- 
cult situation, that few farmers can 
raise much money in the next eight 
or nine months, and that hundreds of 
thousands of them must get_additional 
advances next ‘spring. e revival 
cannot expect much supmrt from 
active buying by farmers and ita fu- 
ture fortunes are dependent in large 
measure upon the profitableness of 
next year’s harvests. 

Slow Progress in Coming Months. 

Next, consider the enrrent volume 
of business, Reports from different 
industries are by no means uniform. 
but in general they indicate that pro- 


duction has increased somewhat since * 
the worst months of last summer. The 


increase probably results for the most 
part from the replacing of goods that 
have been worn out and the depletion 
of stocks in the hands of merchante 
ind manufacturers, An increase of 
onsiness from this cause is what ue. 
ally starts a revival. Even in the 


Continued on Page 4, Clumn 64. 


re- 


Condition Estimates 
On Cotton for 28 Years 


The government's “eondition esti- 
mates” on cotton, published during 
the five months that the crop is ma- 
turing, make the following compari- 
son for the last twenty-eight years: 
May ~ July 
os 25 
66.0 
62.4 
75.4 


rs} 


2 
~ 
™ 
= 
Dm rete he emia 5 


_ 
ts 


> 
S225: 


1919...... 


é 


. 


PO = Die DSUBNAT HSS AKHAeis swDBae 


Ps we 
te 


= 
= 


Big 


~) 

+ 
SRVSRSVVSABUIIB» 
BOvNa~a'? 2 eae 

ISRVBASRYSIINSI: 
el bo bo td Diet au 
se2B2N8 


. 
a 


MRNAS Pipe wo ty 


AIZAS 


71 
- 


RAESIARALS 
8 «3! 
kos ™itc 


SetontpneHS> 
Sig boo8 


323 
a 
BR2EK 
*-a2SaWw~ Pisa 


pes 


BRISKAARS 
~~ =x 
“eo 
+ Read 
;Ragez 


cs) 

I 

ze 

- 

# — 
co Portia 


e: 
3 


Pm) 
ah 
Ps) 
a 
=e 


wcia 
BSSSSAZSERSRRLESSSSRESHA 


VF 
2 


; 
B35" 
“fe 


eo 
& 
Sz 


Sfeadier Tone 


In Saturday’s Cotton 


eae would resume trading next 


March Closes at 18.26, 
‘With General Market 
Steady at Net Advance 
of 7 to 13 Points. 


RANGE IN NEW YORK COTTON. 


i i j i j Prev. 
\Open|High|Low | Close | Close, 
+ eee | 15. 40/18.47 | 18,20] 18.42 


Reflected 


week had not a little to do with the 
buying. 

On the first call the near months 
at first lost a point, but were soon 
doing better and the advance was 
gradually widened in the later trading 
until the list stood at net gains of 
17 to 20 points. March traced as 
low as 17.17 and as high as 17.38, 
finally closing at 17.32. On the close 
the market stood at net advances on 
the day of 13 to 16 points. 

Favorable items in- week-end re- 


it dee: —— = 


i) ‘4 ba - 
$3 , iy? oa : 
i Ros ee Pas ae 8 ey fs, as y’ ae . , : <i 
: ‘Se 4 SN Pine SKS, Ie jan . ’ . ere er sip = 7 ie F se 
os Aer} “4S 54 ay ae ae Xs bart, f ~~ ¥ ser »y 
" ¥ f ~ <Sgeue's % Ut 6 2 sf a> ys ‘ c 
ay @ aa ae is $ i horn se Las = Poy. sae s eg >* — , ? » t : is 4 te 4g : Y, - : : 
. iz , 3 “ee ae : a & ; ‘ ; 3 ; ° -_ ; 
‘ Se a5 - 4 ¥ ! OMe Y, a - =F - “ — a - L . = x . : te we . 
~ » me . ree wv. “4 7 te : " “ee AE tig * 
a. 7. 


Te 


STOCKS. 
Allied Chemical and Dye 


American Beet Sugar 
American Cap 


American Car and Foundry 
Am. Hide and Leather, FPfd. 


American International Corporation 
Almerican Locomotive 

American Linseed 

Am. Smelting and Rfg. 

American Sugar 

American Sumatra Tobacco ...... 
American Tel. and Tel. . 
American Woolen 

Anaconda Copper 

SR eth a Awe ce 4 0066 cede 
Atlantic Coast Line 

Atl., Gulf and West Indies 
Baldwin Loconidtive 

Baltimore and Ohio 


“B” ; 


Prev. 
. Low. Close. Close. 


Eg 
33 


- 


| STOCKS. 
Middle States Oil 
Midvale Steel 


Missouri Pacific 


Pacific Oil 


Pennsylvania 
Ou 
Reading 


Royal Dutch, 
St. 
Seaboard Air Line 


Sears- Roebuck 


Okla. Prod. and Refining 


eeeeeeeee 


eee ee eee 


Pan-American Petroleum 


Republic Iron and Steel ; 

Louis and 7a fA a cede 
Seaboard Air Line, Pid. . 

Shell Trans. and Trading 


Sinclait Oil and Refining .. 
Sloss-Shef. Stel and Iron .. 


Seat 


a} 


WATIVT Sei 
‘HOUSE STATEMENT 


New York, Janneey 7.—The - 
| dition of the eaere Sones hemba saan and and rent 
week (five days) shows 


"577.05 950 from last week. 
The ‘statement follows: 
Actual condition: 
Ioans, discounts, etc., $4, 464,919,000; de- 
crease $43,498,000. 
Cash in own vaults, members Federal Re- 
serve bank, $7 ’ 


Reserve in own vaults, state banks and 
trust companies, $9,191,000; increase, 


,000. 
Reserve in depositaries, state banks and 
trust companies, $8,021,000; increase, $98,000 
X—Net demand deposits, $3,926,047,000; 
Increase, $21,110,000. 
oéh ton. ‘deposits, ”$239,525,000; increase, $6,- 


Circulation, $33,180,000; decrease, $109,- 


GEG EET! TM 


” Dodatructine a end! Co- 
Thought and Work i 


wie Pet ee 


Operative 
n 1922 


BY HOWARD 8. McNAIR, 
Vice-President Citizens and Southern Bank. 


At no time during the past years, 
even during the hours of darkest un- 
certainty, has some business man, or 
banker, failed to volunteer the unqual- 
ified information that the worst was 
over, and to unhesitatingly predict that 
we weer then entering upon an era of 
great prosperity. When he was proven 
incorrect, as he often was, the reading 
public had forgotten the identity of 


‘The banking system stands unshaken 
and, as a system, has proved its abil- 
ity to withstand shocks which, in for- 
mer decades, might have peen disas- 


trous. The country is not broke, and 

sound business methods are not obso- 
lete. af we enter the new year with 
faith in ourselves, in our business, and 
our business associates, and with the 
earnest desire to use every energy at 
our command, 1922 will.be a prosper- 
ous year. 


8 


Lethlehem Steel 
Canadian Pacific 
Central Leather 
Chandler Motors 
Chesapeak- and Ohbio 
Chicago, Mil. and St. Paul 
Chicago, R. IL. and Pacific 
Coca-Cola sew#nr eee ee eevee een ene eeeee 
Corn Products eesedosos 
Crucible Steel ses 
Cuba Cane Sugar  .vcccccscoeces 
Endicott-Johnson node 
Erie 
Famous Players-Lasky 
(reneral Asphalt 
General Electric 
(reneral Motors 

{;reat Northern, 

Gulf State: Steel 
Il!inoig Central 
Inspiration Copper 
Initernationa!l Harvester 
Int. Mer. Marine, Pfd. 
International Paper 
Invinelble Oil 
Kelly-Sprinefield Tire 
Kennecott Coppers ....cccesasees 
Louisville and Nashville 
Mexican Petroleum 


18.32 
oeee+| 18, 20/18.36, 18.16;18.26 
oeeee)17.75)17.00 17.72)17. &3 
ereee 17.23117.35 :17.18)}17.25 

{16.45) 16.57 '16.40;16.47 


Closed stcady. 
RANGE IN NEW ORLEANS COTTON. 


views of trade in general helped to) 
bring about a better feeling and there 
was more or less comment regarding 
the ginning report due early next 
week, as the figures to the first of 
January are e ted to be small. 
These ginning views appeared to be 
a help to the market in the late 
trading, extremists on the long side 
contended that the pending report was 
likely to furnish evidence that the 
total crop would not bé much over 
8,000,000 bales. i 
NEW ORLEANS SPOTS. 

New ong January 7.—Spat cot- | 
ton steady and unchanged.. Sales on | 
the spot 798 bales; te arrive 100.; 
Low middling 15.50; middling 17.25; 
good middling 18.25. Receipts 1,774: 
stocks 331,837. 


PROFESSIONAL VIEWS 
ON COTTON SITUATION 


New York, January 7.—(Special.)——There 
was very little activity in the market this 
morning, but the noticeable feature, after 
the Lag me was small buying orders, pos- 
sibly attributed to short covering and in- 
vestment buying. Many are of the belief 
that the decline has run far enough and 
they are anxious to get in the market be- 
fore the advance goes too far. Our rep- 
resentative in Little Rock informed us that 
there was an excellent demand for spots 
all day yesterday. However, the news re- 
cently has been of such a bearish character 
that we do not believe the market will 


Southern Paci-?: 

Southern Railway 

Svithern RelJway. ‘ 

Standard Oil of N. J., Pfd. ..es.. 
Studebaker Oorporation 

Tennessee Copper. 

Texas Company 

Texas and Pacific 

Tobacco Products 
Transcontinental Oil 

Union ‘Pecific 

United Fruit 

United States Food Prodicts 

U, S&S. Independent Alcohol 
United Retail Ftores 

United States Rubber 

United States Steel 
United States Steel, Pfd. 
Utah Copper 

Vanadium Corporation 
Virginia-Carolina Chemical 
Western Union 
Westinchouse Electric 
Willys-Overland 

Miami Copper 

Ray Copper 


the prophet and, probably, his prophe- 
cy, but when he was correct, he usual- 
ly remirtded them of his attainments 
as an exclusive forecaster. 

This is no time for prophecy. It is 
time to assume a constructive policy 
and go to work. No human being 
knows, with any degree of exactness, 
what the year 1922 holds for him, or | 
his business, unless he fails to exert | 

! 


eee eeereeeeeere 


X—United States deposits deducted, §87,- 
489,000. 


Aggregate reserve, $576,450,000. 
“ae reserve, $56,744,170; increase, §39,- 
sé 

Summary of state banks and trust com- 
panies in greater New York not included in 
"7 house statement: Loa discounts, 
etc., 9.949,900; increase, $8,456,400. 

Gol |, $4,857, 900; increase, 1,200. 
Currency and bank notes, gi 450,500: in- 
crease, $1,274,900. 

Deposits with Federal Reserve ank of 
New York, $58,840,100; increase, $21,- 

9,900. 


deposits, $689,649,300; 
000. 


Ditto, eliminating amounts due from re- 
serve depositaries and other banks and 
trust companies in New York and U, 8, 
deposits, $636,926,300; increase, +. vem 400. 

Itanks, cash in vaults, $27,907, 

_ Trust companies, cash in vault, 54. 43, 500. 


@ 


What of Oil 
in 1922 


Send for a review 
and forecast of this 
great industry, to- 
gether with sugges- 
tions for the pur- 
chase of securities 
which should bene- 
fit from the improv- 
ing situation. 


i i 
\Open|High|Low | Close 


tan, 
Mar. 
May 
fg! y 


s.r ee ®t @ en teweneeneeeeeee *eereee 


yess] 12.26)17.45|17.22/17.82 
Hows 17.38}37.17|17.82 
+s +e «| 16.63) 16.80) 16.66) 16.79 


26) 17 
lta 
17.10) 17.25/17.05/17,10 
hs TH LS. 98/15. $01 15.04 
Closed steady. 


increase, 


AMERICAN EXCHANGE. 


New York, January 7.—(Special.)—The 
following were the ruling quotations on the 
American Cotitou and Grain Exchanze, Inc., 
Saturday: Prey. 

Upen. High, Low, Close, Civuse. 
15.37 13.33 18.17 15.35 18.44 
ve 18.3% 18.05 18.20 148.81 


igs + 1.84 17.86 17-55 17.75 17.87 


17.30 17,82 17.07 17.22 17.382 
-+» 16.46 16.52 16.30 16.85 16.53 


New York, January 7.—The cotton 
-market was very quiet today, but 
showed a generally steadier tone, with 
Murch contracts selling up to 18.36, 
or 38 points above the low level of 
yesterday and 19 points net higher. 
That delivery clused at 18.26 with the 
general market closing steady at a 
net advance of 7 to 13 points. 

The market opened steady, at an 
advance of 3 to 6 points. The an- 
nouncement that a committee of credi- 
ters had taken over the affairs of a 
New York firm doing an importing and d 
exporting business in dry goods, seemed 
to clear the atmosphere of uncertain- 
ty arising from recent unsettling ru- 
mors, 

There was some further scattering 
liquidation at the start, which caused 
slight reactions, but selling otherwise 
-was held in check by favorable re 
ports from the cotton goods trade at 
home and abroad, and the market did 
better during the middle of the morn- 
ne on covering for over the week 
end. 

January sold up to 18.47 and May 
to 17.90, or 15 to 20 points net high- 
er, after which there were reactions 
of a few points under realizing. It 
was reported that the difficulties of 
the exnorting firm culminating in the 
announcement of late last night had 
been known in) business circles for 
come months and were due to inability 
to make collectipns on goods shipped 
abroad. 

Fall River sales of print cloths for 
the week were estimated at 170,000 
pieces, which was regarded in_ the 
trade as a fair business for the first 
week of the year, and tbe sales in- 
cluded business for shipments extend- 
ing up to April. 

London cables reported a very op- 
timistic sent*ment in Lancashire, with 
a good inquiry for goods and a good 
demand for yarns, particularly of the 
eoarser counts, resulting from the 
slackening of the Indian boycott. 

These features failed to promote 
any active or aggressive buying, but 
promoted the vetter feeling expressed 
by brokers on the floor and probably 
‘nereased the disposition to cover short 
-ontracts for over the week-end. Some 
New Orleans selling was reported 
here early, but, otherwise, there: were 
very few orders from the sonth. 


NEW YORK SPOTS. 


his maximum efforts, in which latter 
case, the services of a prophet are not 
at all necessary. 

The business situation today is anal- 
ogous to a fundamentally sound strue- 
ture that has been damaged by fire. 
'The debris is being removed—the dam- 
aged parts are being repaired. It is 
being put in shape for reconstruction. 
It will not rebuild itself—intelligent 
workers are necessary to make of it 
the sound building it was before. 

I was very much impressed with a 
recent article outlining the policy be- 
ing pursued by Mr. Peters, of the 
Peters Land company, in providing 
work at this time for the unemploved 
by immediately beginning construction 
of a number of houses, notwithstand- 
ing the fact that such construction dur- 
ing this season, is contrary to prece- 
dent. The general adoption of a pro- 
gram along these tines will enable us. 
all to prophecy the beginning of 2 most 
prosperous era. 

We need constructive and co-opera- 
tive thought. We need hard work and 
the ability to face the future with 
intelligent confidence. We need the 
adoption of ideas designed to serve the 
common good. 

Fundamental conditions are sound. | 


Naval Stores. 
Savannah, Ga., January 7.—Turpentine 
firm, 88%; sales, 17; receipts, 177; ship- 


ments, 5; stock, 12,810. 
Resin firm. Sales, 664: receipts, 580; 
shipments, 256; stock, 83,905. 
$i@4. 12%: I, #806 15; 
January 7.—Turpen- 


uote: B to H, 
receipts 148; ship- 


Q 
K, $4.70@4.75; M, $5.10@5.15: 
5.35; WG, $5.50@5.55; WW, $5.8 
receipts 1,174; 
shipments -"n stock 175,152. 
gS ; $4.00; H $4.02%4; I 


w. 
$4.05; 85.40; window 
glass $5.50: water Salta! . 


Live Stock. 


East St. Louis, January 7.—Cattle: 
celpts, 250; compared to week ago, beef 
steers, 15 to 25c higher; yearlings, beef 
cows, canners, cutters and stockers, steady; 
veal calves about $2.50 lower. 

Hogs: Receipts, 5,500, active to higher; 
lightweights and pigs, up most; top, $8.90 
paid for 170-pound averages; practical butch- 
er top, $8.50; bulk, 100 to 180-pound aver- 
ages, $8. 50@8. 75: bulk lights and medium- 
weights, S&&@S&. 40: weightier hogs at bot- 
tom; packer sows, steady $5.75@6; best 
pigs, 25 to 50c higher from $8.50@9; com- 
mon weak, $6.50@7.25; clearance good on 
best hogs. 

Sheep: Recelpts, 150; compared to week 
ago, fat lambs ra cull lambs and best 
ewes, 50c higher. 


M4 
s 11014 109% Total Sales 


BOND MARKET 


Quotations Furnished by Securities Sales Company, 64 Peachtree 


— 


Street. 
- Jacksonville, Fia., 
tine firm, 83; sales 906; 
ments 111: stock 28,268. 

Rosin firm: sales 405: 


Prev. 
R21, 82% §2%4 
100 100 = 99% 
Low. Close. Close. 
10214 102% 
107% 10744 
OS 08 3g 


108% 


Prev. 
. Low. Close. — 


Ask for Circular M-1. 


Henry L. Doherty 
& Company 


Bond Department 
218 Hurt Bldg. 
Atlanta, Ga. 


Foreign Government. 
Belgian 6s 
Belgian 714s 
Belgian &s 
Chile Republic 8s 
City of Berne 8s 
Christiana 8s 
Lyons 68 
Zurich &s 
Danish 8s A 
Danish &s8 B 
Denmark &s 
French 744s 
French &s 
Japanese 4s 
Norwegian &s 
Sao Paulo 8s 
Swiss 8s 
United Kingdom o'A 1922 
United Kingdom 5% 1929 
United States of Brazil &s 

Industrial. 

Am, Tel. and Tel. Co. Trust 56 .... 
Atlantic Ref. 61, ] 
Bell Tel. of Penna. 7 
Brooklyn Edison 7s 
Consolidated Gas 7s 
Goodyear 8s 


214 
100 

. High. 

102% 

h 10714 

991% 


109% 


Lackawanna Steel 56 1950 
Mexican Petroleum 8s 


Industrial, 
New York Telephone 66 
Northwest Bell Telephone 7s 
Packard Motor &s 
“uban-American Sugar 8s 
Diamond Match 7%s 
DuPont 74s 
Duquesne Light 6s 
Standard Oil California 7s 
United Tank Car 7s 
Tinited States Rubber 74s 
Westinghouse Electric 7s 

Railroad. 
Baltimore and Ohio 5 
Burlington 648 
Canadian National 6144s 
Canadian Northern 7s 
Chesapeake and Ohio Conv. 448 ... 
Chicago Northwest 6%4s 
Cc. C. C. St. Louis 6s 
Great Northern 7s 
Illinois Central] and St. Louis 5s 
New York Central 7s 
Northern Pacific Ref. 6s 
Pennsylvania 64s 
Pennsylvania Temporary 7s 
St. Lonis and San Francisco 5s ‘‘B’’ 


GAINS ARE MADE 
IN GRAIN MARKET 


— 


WA 


advance until all this news and uncertain 
i 


| feeling has passed. The trade will not 
enter the market because it has lost 
cenfidence to some extent and {fs now wait- 
Ing for the market to gettle, so it can 
do business on a normal scale. Until this 
uncertainty passes, we do not expect any 
great demand and ‘the tendency of the mar- 
ket will wee be to ease off. 
BBARD BROS, & CO. 


108 
‘cee Re- 
105% 
108 

104% 


10514 


4 106% 105% 
108 


New York, January 7.—The market dis- 
played a generally stendy tone throughout 
the late forenoon, reacting only slightly 
from the best under local selling. The 
close was steady at a net aflvance of 7 
to 13 points. The only feature was -cov- 
ering in face of ginners’ reports Tuesday. 

ROSE & SON. 


COTTON STATEMENT 


Port Movement. 
New Orleans: Middling, 17.25; receipts, 
ee exports, 646; sales, 89%; stock, 321,- 


Galveston: Middling, 18.10: receipts, 8,- 
Af exports, 8,135; sales, 506; stock, 331,- 

Mobile: Middling, 16.75; 5387; 
saies, 70: stock, 17,202. 

Savannah: Middling, 18.00; receipts, 3,- 
263: sales, 182; stock, 163,712. 

Charleston: Middling, 17.50; receipts, 94; 


stock, 106,029, 
Middling, 17.87; 


Wilmington: 

251; exports, 1,750: stock, 30,113. 
Texas City: Stock, 18,185. 
Norfolk: Middling, 17.75; 

O57: stock, 148,599. 
Baltimore: Stock, 
Roston: Middling, 

stock, 6,100. 
Philadelphia: 
New York: 

139. 

Minor ports: Stock, 3,347 
Total today: Receipts, 

10,531; stock, 1,252,553. 
Total for Receipts, 

ports, 


1074 
107% 
105% 105% 
104% 104 


106% 
23% 


Raymond Palmer & Company 


Members of American Cotton Exchange, Inc. 


81 Broad Street, New York 
Orders Solicited for Purchase or Sale of 


COT Tt es 


For Future Delivery in ODD or ROUND LOTS 
In Units of 10 BALES Upward 
Send for Free Booklet T-25—Facts About Cotton Trading 


104.5% 
10644 
82 % 


10456 
106% 
82% 


2, 105% 
110 
102% 


Chicago, January 7.—Cattle: Receipts, 
300: compared with week ago, beef steers 
mostly 50 to 75c higher; spots up more; 
fat she stock, 35 to 50c higher; some 
light heifers up canners and cut- 
ters, 15 to 25c higher; bulls, 50c higher; 
veal calves mostly 25c lower; desirable light- 
weight stockers and fecders steady to 
strong; others weak, 

Hogs: Receipts, 5,000; active, largely 15 
to 40c higher than yesterday's average: 
light and light butchers up most; top, $8.75 
for 130 to 180-pound hogs; bulk, $7.60@ 
8.50; pigs, 25 to 35c higher, up to $8.85. 

Sheep: Receipts, 3,500; today’s receipts 
all packers direct; compared with week ago 
fat tambs, 25 to 50c higher; fat sheep and 
yearlings, 50 to Tic up; feeder lambs, quot- 
ably 25¢ higher. 


4/2 
110% 110% 
102 102% 


GENERAL TREND 
IN STUGKS UPWARD 


New York, January 7.—Special 
issues were most favored in today’s 
short session of the stock market, but 
the general list tendéd upward on 
week-end closing out of traders 
contracts. 

Shorts were disposed to cover be- 
cause of overnight developments, most 
of which received favorable interpre- 
tation. Chief among these was the 
ealling of a general European eco- 
nomic conference. 

Tobacco and chain store shares were 
strongest of the specialties and the 
more popular issues were represented 
mainly by oils, with a sprinkling of 
steels, equipments and motors. 

Rubber tire stocks continued to be 
affected by adverse trade conditions. 
Rails were mixed, gains among coalers 
and eotton carriers being balanced by 
heaviness of Chicago and Northwest- 
ern preferred and_ several other 
grangers, 

bonds were active, 
tinuance of the recent advance in 
Liberties and investment rails. The 
foreign division was less prominent 
at irregular changes. Total sales, par 
value, $11,300,000. 

The heavy transfer of funds over 
the year-end was only slightly re- 
flected in the weekly clearing house 
statement. Actual loans and discounts 
decreased by $43.500,000, wiping out 
the greater part of the previous week's 
gain. Reserves of members of the 
federal reserve vank increased $42,- 
000,000. The most important item 
was the gain of $39.578,000 in cash, 
inereasing excesss reserves to $56,744.- 
000, the largest total in several 
months. 


more; 


| NEW YORK BONDS | 


S. 2s, registered, bid 

U. 8. 2s, coupon, bid i asowne 
J. S. 4s, registered, bid ... 
J). S&S. 48, coupon, bid 
*anaina 8s, registered, bid ..... 
Panama 3s, coupon, bid 
American Smelting and Ref. Se ..... 87 
American Tel. & Tel. Cv. 68 ...cccce ar 
Atchison gen, 4s ° 
Atlantic Coast Line Ist 4s, bid ...... 
Baltimore and Ohio cv. 448 
Bethlehem Steel ref. 5s 
Central of Georgia Cons. 5s, bid eecce 
CORES RO Be oc kkccewetcsscobek 934 
Chesapegke and Ohio cv. 5s : 
Chicago, Mil. & St. P. ev. 4%s ..... 
Chicago, R. I. & Pac. Ry. ref. 4s 
Colorado and Southern ref. 4448, bid ... &3! 
Denver and Rio Grande consol. 48 ... 7 
Dominion of Canada 58 (1931) 
Erie gen. 4s .. 
lilinois Central] ref. 4s 
Int. Mer. Marine 6s 
Kansas City Southern ref. 5s, bid .... 
Liggett & Myers is, bid 
[auisville and Nashville un, 4s 
Missouri, Kan. & Texas Ist 48 
Missouri Pac. gen. 4s 
New York Central deb. 
Norfolk and Western cy. 
Northern Pacific 4s 
Pennsylvania gwen. 56 ....cecceces eevee 
Reading gen. 
Republic Iron and Steel se gga 
St. Louis & San Fran. adj 
Seaboard Air Line adj. 5 
Sonthern Rell Tel. 5s 
Southern Pacific cv. 
Southern Railway 5s 
Southern Railwav gen. 4s 
Texas and Pacific Ist 5s 
Union Pacific 4s 
United tte of G. B. & I. 

COREY co Wi héeedbe tn eceudsscaemmies 97% 
T. S. Steel 5s 100 
Virginia-Carolina Chemical 53e, bid 
Wabash Ist 5s ;: 
Wilson & €0, cv. 


100% 
10014 
covccceeIa% 
coer LOL 
eeeete 80 


receipts, 


eeeeeeoeener 


receipts, 


1 - ° . ° 
receipts, 1, Chicago, January 7.—A lively final 


hour following a light early market 


marked today’s sbort session on the 
Chicago board of trade. Prices were 
bid up sharply toward the close and 
the final figures showed net gains 
of 1 1-4 to 1 5-Se in wheat; 3-8 to 
1-2c in corn, and 3-4 to 7-8e in oats. 
In provisions were firmer and gen- 
erally unchanged to 7 1-2c higher. 

Wheat was inclined to slide at the 
start, but strong commission houses 
absorbed offerings at 11 or under for 
May and easily took the slack out 
of the market. Reports of fresh 
flour exports and of further milling 
demand started the shorts to cover- 
ing, but later they found the pit al- 
most devoid of offerings. Substan- 
tial gains were registered before they 
obtained all their wheat. 

Aside from quiet export demand 
for wheat, the news was generally 
against the bears, St. Louis sold 
50,000 bushels to mills over-night, dry 
weather continued southwest’ and 
coarse grains were strong. 

Exporters were after corn and took 
200,000 bushels here. The local cash 
market was affected by high bids to 
the country from outside markets and 
this was soon reflected in the pit. 

Oats developed a strength of its 
own, mainly on southern and south- 
eastern demand. .There was a ready 
advance toward the close. 

Provisions ranged higher with live 
hogs, but speculative demand was 
rather light and the full expectations 
of those who pointed out that the 
.. | Yards were paying for live animals 
- | the highest prices since October were 
not realized. 


ESTABLISHED 1872 


Orvis BROTHERS & Co. 


60 Broadway New York 


" 


a9 


According to the mayor’s employ- 
ment committee of Ithaca, N. Y., no 
members of the Cornell alumni are 
without employment. 


18.65: receipts, 50; 
8,024. 
18.75; 


Stock, 


Middling, stock, 86,- 


The degree of doctor of laws has 
been bestowed on Myron T. Herrick, 
American ambassador to France, by 
he a niversifv of Nancy. 


MEN WITH 
‘SMALL CAPITAL 


(WOMEN ALSO) 


Let us show you how to go into the 
food products business for yourself. 
A real money maker. Don’t write. 


Come in and see. p 
GEORGIA DEHYDRATION CO. 
©1% Peachtree Arcade, Atlanta. 


WE SELL FORD CARS 


A. L. BELLE ISLE — IVY 507 


TRADE SAFELY 


IN THE STOCK MARKET 
10 SHARES imi 
* nay S$ Unlimited 
OPTION FOR Profits 
Any Stock Exchange Issue 


$10 PUTS & $20 


CALLS 
POSITIVELY NO MARGIN CALLS 
ea for Booklet No. 55, Free. 


Serv Reliability 


c. Goldhurst & Company 


50 Brond Street, New York 


ODD LOTS COTTON 


Spot and Future Deliveries 
10 Bales Up. 


10,727: 
10,7 i2i: ° 


exports, 


ex- 


Our service offers highest 
responsibility. 


When you have orders to 
place, open an account 
with us. 


Interior Movement, 
Houston: Middiing, 18.00; 
480: —— 6,411; sales, 


316.7 74 
Middling, 


emp 
ipments, 4,230; 


receipts, 6,- 
655; stock, 
receipts, 3,- 
1,000; stock, 


Middling, 17.56; receipts, 440; 
1,666; sales, 69; stock, 141,852. 
St. Louis: Middling, 18.25; receipts, 1,- 


New York, Jonvary 7.—Spot cot- 687; shipments, 917; stock, 26,045. 
Atlanta: Middling, 18.00. 


ton, quiet; middling, 18.75. 
Little Rock: Middlins, 


WEEK-END COVERING age shipments, 402; sales, 
AT NEW ORLEANS Total today:  Recetpts. 


ments, 13,635: «tock, 814,971. 

Dallas: Middling, 17.45; «ales, 

New Orleans, Jan ary 7.—~—Week-! Montgomery: Middling, 17.13; 
end covering of the slfort interest was} 
a supporting influence in the cotton 

smarket today and much of this char- 

acter of buying appeared to be due 

ro a better feeling regarding the fi- 

nancial situation in Kurope. Cable 

messages from Italy saying that stock 

market troubles had been cleared awny 

and that the stock exchanges of that 


COTTON 


For future delivery in 


ODD LOTS|| 


(10 bales and multiples) 


18.25; 
sales, 


, eo t 
ugusta: éueuna 
shipments, reece oa 4 
8 


18.00; receipts, 
310; stock, 66,- 


12,687; 


1.233. 
sales, 


MEMBERS 
2° O. Cotton Exchange 
o Board of Trade 
: Produce Exchange Phil elphia Stock Exchange 
N. Y. Coffee & Sugar Exchange 


ship- 


with a con- 


81. 


Cotton Seed Oil. 


New York, January 7.—-While quiet, cot- 
ton seed oj] was very firm through cov- 
ing by timid shorts on the bullish showinz 
in lard and cotton. Lending months closed 
9 to 14 points net higher. Sales, 4,100 
barrels. Prime crude, 7.00 sales; prime sum- 
mer yellow, spot 8.25@8.60: March, 8.71; 
May. 8.94, and July, 9.15, all bid. 


PUTS and CALL WHAT THEY ARE 


HOW THEY WORE 
Their use in Trading in Wall St. clearly 
explained in our FREE BOOKLET No. 36. 

Tuchmann Co. 68 William St., New York 


>». 


PT in UL CE EU A le ead 
LT 


CURB SECURITIES 


Industrials. 
Prev. 
High. Low. — Close. 
Bs 12% 


How to Invest 
in 


OTTO 


What you should know about Cotton 
is contained in our Booklet No. 22, by 


RANDOLPH ROSE, JR. 


Brit.-Am. Tob. 
Coca-Cola 
Columbia Graf. .. 
Fisk Rubber ... 2 
Gen. Asphalt ..cc.. 58% 
Hupp. Motors 115% 
Inter, Rub, eee 
Nor. Am. Pulp ake 
Tob. Prod. Exp. 62% 


Wayne Coal ss 
Standard Oils. 


41% 
11% 
56% 
ll 


—- —~ = o- oe 


$188 : 


First Deposit 
Will Build 
Annual Income 
of $76 


If Invested in Ten Shares 
of 4 of the Country’s Lead- 
ing Railroads. 


ESE fourcompanies aretoday 
showing marked improvement, 
notwithstanding the depression, 
and their stocks should sell at 
considerably higher prices within 
the next few months. 


ALETIER we have prepared 

explains their present posi- 
tion, as well as how they may 
be purchased by an initial invest- 
ment of only $188 and the bal- 
ance in deferred payments of con- 
venient amounts. 


Write for letter T-21 


Scott & Stump 


Investment Securities 
SPECIALISTS IN ODD LOTS 
49 Exchange Place, New York 


Offices in Seven Priacipal Cities 


Rice. 


! New Orleans, January 7.—Rough rice, 
| nominal; no sales. Receipts, 1,512 sacks; 
| millers’ receipts, 512 sacks, 
|} Clean rice firm and active. Sales re- 
ported: 1,000 pockets Honduras, at 65,@ 
6%: 218 pockets Japan, at 4%; 3,390 pock- 
ets Blue Rose, at 2@4%. Receipts, 5,226 
pockets, 
Bran, 


CHICAGO QUOTATIONS. 
The following were the ruling — 
on the grain exchange Saturday: Pre 
Open. High. Low. Close, Close. 


ae 10% 1.13 1.105% 1.12% 1.11 
4 1.021 1.00% 1.01% 1.00% 


53% 
554 


3914 


bo © 


Anglo-Am, . 

Illinois Pipe 

S. ©. California .. 98% 93 

S. O. New Jersey ..118% 113% 
Independent — 


Our special booklet 
giving valuable in- 
formation to traders 
sent on request. 


Send for Booklet A-51 op 
“Market Conditions” 


EDWARD L. PATTON & CO. 


COTTON BROKERS, 


Private wires into office. - 
Address: 


Western Union F. X. New York. 
Postal K. X, New York. 


Sl Brond Street. New York. 


J. W.JAY & CO. 
COTTON MERCHANTS 


MEMBERS: 
New York Cotton Exchange 
New Orleans Cotton Exchange. 
New York Produce Exchange. 

New York Coffee and Sugar Exchinge 
ASSOCIATE MEMBERS 
LIVERPOOL COTTON ASSOCIATION 
Orders solicited for purchases or sale of 
cetten and cotton seed off tor ftuinre deiivery. 
Liberal advances made in spot estton fer delivery 
CORRESPONDENCE INVITED 


25 NROAD STRELT. New York 


Cosden .. 

Federal Oi 

Glenrock 

Island Oil 

North Am. 

Prod. & Ref. 

Salt Creek Prod. .. 
Simms Pet. 

Texan Oil and mA tikes 


per ton $12; polish, per ton, $24. 


White Potatoes. 


January 7.—Potatoes steady. 
Wisconsin sacked, $1.95@2.10: Minnesotas 
eacked and bulk, £1.90@2.05; Michigans 
sacked, $1.95@2.05; Idaho Rurals, $2.10@ 
2.20, 


Free on Request 


Chicago, 


ANDERSON & CO. 


Cotten Exchange, Inc. 
soogameents « * a Clearing Hoase 


116 Broad Street, New York 
Reliable R vee Wanted 


epresentativ 
Communic1te with us 


MacKinnon & Co. 


STOCKS—BONDS 
Local and Listed Securities 


220 Hurt Bldg. 
Ivy 1659 


Allied Packers gh . 
Am. T. 6s 


Anaconda 6a 
Can. Covt. 54s, 1929 97% 97% 


ROSE & SON 


Cotton-—Stocks—Grain 
24 STONE ST. 


Virginia-Carolina 
Coca-Cola 
General Motors 


We have prepared exhaustive 
reports on the above issues 
which should be of great in- 
terest and value. 

A copy will be sent free upon re- 
quest for A-5. 


Designate report wanted. 


Edwin E. Kohn & Co. 
Members of Consolidated Stock 
Exchange of New York 
55 Broadway New York 
Offices in 8 principal cities 


Cash Grain. 


St. Louls, January 7.—Wheat: 

red, $1.16@1.20; No, 4, $1.16%; 
’ $1.10%; July, $1. 

per cent; Corn: No. 1 white, 47%c; May, 52%c; 


July, 53%c. 
Oats: No. white, 40c; May, 40%%e. 
Wheat, No. 
3 red, $1.15; No. 4 red, $1.12%. 
Corn: No. 2 yellow, 48@48%c; No. 8 
white, 48e. 


Oats: No. 2 white, 36%,@37c: No. 8 
white, 32%@35c. 

Rye, nominal; barley, 853@57c: am? 
seed, $5@6.25; clover seed, $12. oneee 


Provitsions. 


Chicago, Janneary 7.—Cash: 
Pork, nominal. 


London Money. 


Tandon, January 7.—Bar silver 34%d per 
ounce. 

Money 2% per cent. 

Discount rates: Short bills 3% 
three months billie 3% per cent. 


Money Market. 


New York, January 7.—Foreign ex- 
change irregular. . Great Britain, demand 
4.19%; cables, 4.20%; 60-day bills of banks, 
4.16%; France, demand 8.03; cables, 8.03 14. 
Italy, demand 4.3144; cables, 4.3 Belgium, 
demand 7.6914; cables, 7.70. Gesmanth de- 
mand 53%: cables, 5444. Holland, demand 
86.55; cables, 36.61. Norway, demand 
15.50; Sweden, demand 24.68. Denmark, 
demand 19.90; Switzerland, demand -19.32. 
Spain, demand 14.90: Greece, demand 4.36; 
Argentine, defhand 33.37. Brazil, demand 


12.75. Montreal, 93% SCIENTIFIC 
Foreign bar silver, 64%; Mexican dollars, Lard, ” $7 2008. os. INVESTING & TRADING 


j ‘Wenner in sae Senanar et Sth ane 


Liberty Bonds. Country Produce. Ask for booklet .| H-24 
New York, Ey gy | 7.—Liberty bonds St. Louis, January 7.—Eggs, 36c: tur- Wx H. McKenna & Co, 


— 314s, 95 7 “ i. 97. a keys, 3 oat, 24c; other ol and but- 221 S. 15th Se. Philadelphia, Pa. 

’ UV; 8, second 414s er unchang 

97.10; third 4\%s, 97.84; fourth sus, 97.40; New York Chicago Pitrsburgh Paterson 
Victory 3%s, 100.08: Victory 4% s, 100.08. 


Coffee. 


New York, January 7.—The market for 
coffee futures was very quiet today. Owing 
to the holiday there were no official quo- 
tations from Brazil and the few sales re- 
ported in the local market were attributed 
to realizing after yesterfay’s rally and 
for over the week-end. First prices were 
1 to 6 points lower and the market closed 
at a net decline of 4 to 8 points, with 
March contracts selling off from 8.64 te 
8.60. Sales were estimated at about 5,000 
bags. Closing qnotations: January, 8.50; 
March, 8.60; May, 8.43: July, 8.35; Sep- 
tember, 8.35: October, 8.33: December, 8.31. 

The spot market was nominally unchang- 
ed at 9% for Rio 7s, and 12 to 12% for 
Santos 4s. Owing to an interruption in the 
cable service, no firm offers were received 


from Brazil. 
Dry Goods. 


New York, January 7.—Cotton biankets 
will be opened y for next fall at 
prices named lJast April, instead of the 
advance expected by the trade because of a 
6 per cent a pound rise in cotton. Cotton 
goods today were quiet. Yarns held steady. 
Burlaps eased. Wool goods markets were 
— awaiting an opening of fall lines. 
ilks also were quiet. 


| Swift & Co. | 
| Chicago, January T—Swhtt & Oo... 8 -* 6.85, 


No. 2 
May, 


Le iio iho a mm mm 


[ 


2 


Chicago, January 7.—Cash: 


ower Cr --- - er eoe--- eo -- --C( 


= 


- ee 


Cotton Traders 
Information 


On and after Tuesday, January 10, 1922, we will pay all the telegraphic | 
charges involving the actual execntion of orders for 10 Bales of Cotton and 
multiples thereof, either Spots or Futures. 


No Other Service Like This in thé World 


There is not another legalized Cotton Exchange in all the world whose 
charter permits its members to huy and sell cotton in units of 10 bales and 
up. Phe smallest amount traded in on all other yore is 100 bales, 


ommissions 

Points, 10 to 100 Bales Margins Required p smeer Turn) 
1 Point on 10 bales, $ .50 10 Bales, $ 50.00 10 Bales, $ 7.50 

20 20 100.00 20 
30 150.00 30 
40 200.00 40 
50 250.00 50 
60 300.00 60 
70 350.00 70 
80 400.00 80 
90 90 450.00 90 
100 5.00 100 500.00 


100 
Our Weekly Market Letter, sent free to those interested has won 


We Pay All 
Telegraphic Charges 
On All cuted 
pectin yam 
Cotton 


The Robinson-“umpirey Co. 
Established 1804 
Municipal and Corporation 
Bonds 
ATLANTA — GEORGIA 


Ne 


KEEP POSTED 
When to Buy or Sell 


Facts mean money in Wall 
Street. In this week's Market 
Review are discussed im- 
portant developments affecting 


Middle States Oil Stromberg Carb. 
Baltimere & Ohio Sears Roebuck 
Amer. Bugar Ref, New Haven 
Tobacco Products Southern Pacific 
American Ice American Woolen 
Midvale Steel Boston & Montana 


Copy Free on Request. 


P. G.STAMM & CO. 


Stocks - Bonds - Cotton - Grain 
35 So. William St., New York 


ERC CE 
HEADQUARTERS 


eS SE 666 ee FE OE FS OSS OS 6 SSO S SESS SSE OSS Oe 


Read this interesting 
Annual Review 


of Oil, Mining and Industrial 
situation and stocks. 


Other interesting articles: 
—AUTOMOBILE SHOW marks turning point. 
—1922 Market and Business Outlook. 
—On most active stocks, price range, etc. 
—SALT CREEK, Wyoming Oil Field. 
They are all in the INVESTOR & TRADER 
Copy given on request 


ONES & BAKER 
New York Curb Market 


Direct Private Wires 
New York oe Boston Philadciphia 
Pittsburgh Detro 


New York, January 7.—Butter easier. 
Creamery higher than extras, 87@42c; 
creamery extras, 3644c; firsts, 33@36c. 

Eggs barely steady. 

Cheese steady. 

Live and dressed poultry quiet. Prices 
unchanged. 


Chicago, January 7.—Butter higher. 
Creamery extras, 35c; firsts, 34@35c; stand- 
arfia, 33'%4c;: eggs, lower: firsts, 837@37%4c: 
refrigerator firsts, 30€4232c. Poultry, alive 
lower; fowls, 17@28c; springs, 25c; turkeys, 
35c; roosters, i7c. 


SAFETY AND PROFITS 


IN STOCK MARKET TRADING. Learn HOW 
to combine these in your trading by the use of 


Stock Privileges 
With $10 to $125 you can trade in 100 shares 
of any stock. Write for FREE explanatory 


folder No. 2 
149 BROADWAY, 


PAUL KAYE '2n°s3m 


Stock Privileges 
PUTS AND im 


ODD LOTS 
Best, safest way to trade. No mar- 


30 
40 
50 
60 
70 
80 


Sugar. 


New York, January 7.—The local raw 
sugar’ market was firm, and while spot 
unchanged at 3.48 for cen- 
trifugal, a loca] operator paid 1 29-32ec 
cost and freight for 7,000 bags of Cubas 
for late January shipment or 351 for 
centrifugal. 
The raw sugar futures market was quict 
h tors inclined to os develop- 


Ree EE HM = 
®eeepnezeezees 
®eeegeereg eg 8 


~~ et et ht ot ot eet ot 


"—wan in- 


All Inquiries Answered Promptly, Carefully and Courteously 


OLIVER & HOUGHTON 


59-61 PEARL STREET NEW YORK vals 


Members: The American Cotton ewerey ok Inc. 
American Cottor Exchange PHY ghee erat gy 


With "small outlay bundreds 
of dollars are made. 
BEWARE OF BROKERS WHO ARE 
MEMBERS OF ANY EXCHANGE. 
Established 1884 
Members Consolidated Stock Exch., 
New York. 

74 Broadway New York 


liquidation and closed net unchanged, M 
poe May, 2.32; July, 2.49; September, 


Write today for booklet No. 208—explains 
fully—also valuable rules for Traders in 
Stocks. Cotton and Grain (free). 


LOUIS STEPHENS & CO.. 


uiry re- 
to 4.90 


were} without transac- 
closing unchanged 
March, 5.05; 


Baltimore Cleveland 


eh tiated Oe ee 
eee 


3 ge 


ee 
~~ 


— oe ~ 


“se? 


iin ceili 


etl 
— 


-. More “‘Atlanta Spirit’’ Needed 


. ; q BY BYRON C. KISTNER, 


President Atlanta Retail Food Dealers’ Association. 


—_- 


> Face 192 


) — : ih cae ~ —— 3 : x ae sour 
Expected Lower Drop)\" 2. ocsce om wn 
In Stocks Did Not Occur 


The.sharp advances in the cotton 
BY C.. H. PLATT 


market at the end of 1921 placed it 
in a position where there was consid- 
erable sympathetic selling when the 
stock market was weak, but this was 
checked and a rally was seen later in 
the week. The general opinion of trad- ' 


' 


BY FRANCIS E. KAMPER, 


New York, January 7.—(Special.)—The stock market is always 
. fall of sudden surprises, of calculations gone wrong, temporarily at least, 
There is never anything positive about it, for if there were, the need 


--of an exchange would not exist. 


For that matter, speculative price 


~changes are due to a radical difference of opinion between one indi- 
'+yidual and another or between groups under which one side thinks that 
stocks are going higher and therefore ought to be bought and the other 
. thinks that they are high enough or going lower and therefore ougbt 


to be sold. 


Therefore, old observers of the market were not as surprised as 
many people more new to its vagaries when the New Year opened 
with a violent selling wave and some drastic declines in prices. Every- 

~ pone had been expecting higher markets, a continuation of the December 
advances,.and at the opening, despite some heavy selling pressure from 
many sources, there were so many buyers that several stocks went 
up and the genera] tone was firm. But later in the day even in the 
face of this continuous good buying, the selling pressure became 80 
pronouced that several stocks declined more than 10 points from 
_Saturday’s closing, and dozens of others registered from 2 to 5 points 


loss. 


This applied more to the speculative issues, however, with in- 
vestment and semi-investment stocks in many cases quite firm, thereby 
holding up the averages (compiled mostly around the more stable 
issues) from the severe break that occurred in other places. 

if the averages of twenty of the most speculative stocks had been 
considered alone, however, they showed a loss for ‘that day of from 


6 to 8 points average. 


When this selling was well under 


way, 


many earlier buyers threw over their purchases at a loss and many 


people who had bought last month were sellers. 


The market was 


all braced for further severe declins on Wdnesday, with many smal) 
spculators and some large ones going short, but after showing early 
weakness, the market again proved its ability to go contrary to gen- 


era] expectations. 


week, some very good rallies were seen. 


On this day and through much of the rest of the 


The selling was due mostly 


to the unexpected crisis that developed in Chicago banking circles. 


eyen though this was taken care of before it was made public. 


Other Causes. 

An unexpected reduction in ernde 
oil prices, the passing of a dividend 
thought secure and other events con- 
tributed to the causes for selling 
‘stocks. The checking of the decline 
-and the commencement of good ral- 


-Jies later in the week were due to a 
decided easing in the meney market 
(also unexpected at this time) and the 
lack of heavy liquidation where it had 
been thought that the Tuesday’s sell- 
ing would be followed up by a tre- 
mendous amount of liquidat.on. 

« Therefore, unexpected events upset 
the market and restored it again. In 
a general way, however, the more 
experienced observers of market con- 
ditions had not been surprised at the 
recovery, even if the severe declines 
had come most unawares, for the mar- 
ket has long been in the dented of 
important pools and big banking in- 
terests and they have again and again 
thrown heavy support to it in the last 
four monthe every time it seemed well 
etarted on declines. 

s long as stocks are so strongly 


As 


- held, it would appear that the market 


4 js largely immune to continuous weak- 


ness and that declines are not liable 
to run for more than a day or two in 
the market until such times as there 
has been a large entry into the mar- 
ket by public interests. ‘The prompt 
checking of the downward _ trend 
might not have bee possible in a 
market where large amvunts of stock 
were held by small purchasers, for 

t is always the tendency of the av- 
erage speculator to go with the trend 
of the market when it is too late. 

When a’ buying move has been run 
for some time and prices advanced 
sharply, more and more outside buy- 
$e comes in at the higher levels and 
Conversely, when a decline has been 
going on for some time, selling tends 
tu increase on the declines. 

Bull Possibilities. 

A careful survey of the market sug- 
gests that there is going to be. sup- 
port given it until such t.me as the 
public is inelined to buy Ireely,. with 
nil signs that the normal January 
‘ rise is to be seen and some possibili- 


ties that it will develop inte a real | 


bull market in the near future. The 
prospects are also strong that after 
* some sharp advances toward the end 
of the month, the usual February de- 
clines willbe seen, although it is 
within reason that both advances this 
month and reactions next will be mod- 
erate. The best opinion, also, is that, 
generally speaking, the trend of secu- 
rity prices will be upwards throngh 
niost of this year. 

The money situation is responsible 
for much of ghe optimism over se- 
eurities price’, for there are increas- 
ing signs of a much more plentiful 
supply of toanable funds from now on, 
with much lower rates looked for dur- 
ing the winter. The decline in call 
money rates to 4 per cent the second 


—— 


of its kind, for it is usual for a heavy 
oemand and a siack suppiy of funds 
to last through the first week of the 
year and sometimes longer. Time 
funds also were somewhat easier, with 
some loans reported at under 5 per 
cent. The prospects are very strong 
for time money to get down to around 
4 1-2 per cent in the next two months 
and for call money to get under 4 per 


cert and sometimes under 3 1-2 per 


ent many times in the near future. 
The investment market has _ been 
somewhat quieter than had been ex- 
pected, but buying has been of good 
quality and there is every indication 
that January will be a big month in 


the investment market. Many pros- 
pective investors are waiting for new 
issues in the hopes that they will be 
vl more attractive terms than simi- 
lar bonds in the market now. but 
there is little chance of this, that is, 
little chance of any decidedly better 
terms in new flotations. ‘The outlouk 
is for steadily decreasing yields in 
new offerings, 

The business outlook is reported on 
every side to be favorable only from 
the long puil viewpoint. At the pres- 
ent time, many lines of industry which 
nad been fairly active in the fall are 
going through a_ seasonal slackening 
and others have not yet seen any in- 
provement of consequence trom the 
worst. The steel trade is in poor 
condition, while the copper industry is 
rot making any more progress, from 
the viewpvint of current new business, 
but this also is seasonal. 

Further Improvement. 

The clothing trades are in a normal 
period of inactivity between Seasons. 
On every hand, however, there is seen 
some sign that when the _ seasonal 
dullness passes that spring trade will 
be better and still further improve- 
ment shown later in the year. At the 
present time, idle funds are seeking 
employment in investment securities, 
but it-is a normal cycle for a period 
of rising prices for investments te be 
followed by a growth of employment of 
capital in business enterprises. 

The increasing number of. bankrupt- 
cies is just the final phases of defla- 
tion, for competition is growing more 
and more keen, ‘particularly in the 
retail trades, and more and more busi- 
ness men are underiaking competitive 
campaigns for new trade which results 
in eliminating those who are not suc- 
cessful in this. Gradually, conditions 
are working back te normal, and while 
there has been a vast amount of prog- 
ress in the last two years in wiping 
out the inflation produced by the war, 
there is still considerable ground to be 
covered, . 

The steel industry is in a state of 
normal January slackness, with com- 
paratively little business moving at 
the moment. There are nv indications 
of much improvement for a time, but 


day of business in the new year was|a moderdtely better demand is expect- 


one of the most surprising instances 


ed in the late winter and early spring 


‘ 


M. R. MILES 


President 


ATLANTA AUDIT COMPANY, Inc. 
Atlanta Trust Company Building, Atlanta, Ga. 
SPECIALTIES: General Auditing—Accounting Systems 
ALL PHASES OF FEDERAL TAX MATTERS 


Individuals are invited to bring their data to our office for 
preparation of Income Tax Returns 


INVEST IN AN AUDIT 


J. R. ROBINSON 
Mer. Federal Tax Dept. 


measerty*') 


7 xo ~ 


ee 
a eee ett a ee, 
¥ “« _* 


MAI 
Fa ee 


a @ oe 
| ish oe Me 
¥ ae. —_ 


Faithin the Greater South 


. we 
’ : 
iladaiagihgsttttnnenaeeatnasaaglliaatmenenn, atpaatienatietem aeeaie ae wee ~— + 
i ee oe ee eee 


Those who have faith in the strength of 
the South, and the future of Southern 
industry, cannot failto have confidence in 
the bonds and stocks of these corporations, 
for whose product there is a growing 
demand th»aughout the world. 

With branch oifices in the central cities of the 
South, we are in a position to offer expert advice 
and unqualified service to those desiring securities 
originating in these markets, and through our ex- 
cellent connections we offer investments selected 
from the financial markets of the entire world. 

We will gladly send our current 
list of offerings, 


upon request 


SECURITIES SALES GO. 


64 Peachtree St. 
Atlanta, Ga.. 


BERRY H. COLLING 
PRESIDENT 


erg is that no decided changes in prices 
is probable until some indication is 
given of plans for the new crop. 


- 


Bank Clearings 
And Quotations 
Of Local Markets 


ccccceccec$ 8,721,467.27 
Same day last year cecoeee- %,030,365.18 
t 


a ae ceccccess® 308,917.91 
Same day last week ...ce0..- 6,716,608.20 
Same day 1920 ie 
For week (5 days) ° 
Same week 1921 (6 days) .... 


eee. s  eseteane e+e $13, 738,593.15 
Previous week (5 days) ....... 35,102,123.23 
Same week 1920 (6 days) ..... 93,989,361.48 


ATLANTA QUOTATIONS ® 
SPOT COTTON MARKET 

ATLANTA MIDDLING ... 

Receipts, bales eeereeeeeseees 

Shipments, bales .... coevccccers 

Stock, bales 


CITIES SERVICE QUOTATIONS 
Quotations furnished by Atlanta Offices 
Henry L. Doherty & &. 


Cities Service deb. ‘‘C’’ 

Cities Service deb, ‘‘D’’ 

Cities. Service 6 pet. 

Cities Service, common 

Cities Service, bankers ...... eee 18% 18% 


Locat ~-oduce Market 


Following are prices quoted by whoilesaicre 
to retaliers. Corrected rexularliy by State 
Bureuu of Markets, State Capitol, Atlanta, 
Georgia: 


DAIRY PRODUCTS AND POULTRY. 
Eggs, fresh, candied, per dozen .. $0.50 
Friers, live, per pound .s.ccccces 25 
stems, live, per puulidd ..ccescceses ° 
Roosters, live, per pound eessecesers 

ucks, live, per- pound .... 
Geese, Live, per pound ..... 
Turkeys, live, per pound TrTTr 
Cheese, fuil cream, per pound ...e. 
Gutter, creamery, 
Butter, choice 
GBulter, covking 


eeeveve 


” eeeeeoeeee eens 
Corn Meal, OOS ccoccceccecccsecseces 
Flour, 24s, per DDL. scoccccccccocece 
biour, 45s, per bbi. Terre reerirerer 
Pivui, sell Prissy a 
Sugar, granulated, cwt. .. 
Cotlee, Nu. 3 Hiv, parched, per 
ers Beet, WEE Ty 30Siecvsdéonedce 
Rib Bellies, 25-30 average, per 1b. 
Pure lard, tubs, per pound 
Compound lard, tubs, per ID. cccces 


VEGETABLES. 
cw, eeeete eeeeeeeeoeeeese § 
Unious, yelluw, cwt. ... 
Sweet potatoes eoee 
irish potatoes, per 150-]b. sack ... 
Uranges, bivridu, per crate .esees 
Tfumatves, per t-Dusket crate .eeces 


Cabbage, 


oe 
’ 


FEEDSTUFFS. 
Mixed stock feed, per ton ...$37@ 48 
Vats, NG, &, per Duslei cececcece 
Corn, Ne. 3, per Duebel «..cccescecoce 
Hay, No, 1 timothy, per ton cecceee 8 
tiny, No. 1 alfalfa, PCr LOD eecocces & 
Suurts, gray, per tou 
Shorts, LTuwn, per COD cecccsesecces & 
Red Dog, per ton 
isran, per tun eeeeeee eeee 
eanut seed nieal, 20 pet. Aut 4 oe ¢ 
velvet beau reed meal, per ton .... 3d 
Chicken feed, sacked, cwt,. .$2.05@ 
\ijalfa meal, per tou 
Cotton seed meal, 7 pet., per ton .. 42. 
Uvifon seed .liuiis, par tou 1 
Vried beet pulp, per ton 


00 
HU 
vw 


Sezeeesess' 


Es 


ATLANTA LIVE STOCK MARKET. 
(Corrected by W. H. Waiie, Jr. President 
White Provision Company, 

Good to chuice steers, 80U-1,U0U, §5.50 te 


» 750-850, S500@5.50. 
Medium to gvod steers, jo-500, §$4@5. 
Gvuod CO Cudice Leet Cows, suU-d0U, a2 


t. OU, 

Medium to good cows, 65-700, $3.50@4 
Good to choice heifers, 550-650, $4@4.20. 
The above represeuts ruling prices on 
vod Quarity fed cattie, Inferior grades ano 
airy types quoted beiow: 

Medium to good steers, 700-800, $1@5. 
Medium to good cows, 600-700, $5@3.50, 
Mixed common cattle, $2@2. 

Good butcher bulls, 32.50@3. 

Choice veal calves, $4@6. 

yearlings, $2.50u@s. 

Prime hogs, 165-200, $5.75. 

Light hogs, 180-165, $5.75. 

Heavy pigs, 100-150, $5.20, 

Light nigs, 80-100, $5.25. 

This applies to good quulity fed hogs. 


CITIES SERVICE QUOTATIONS, 
Quotations fuinished by Atlania Qiiices 
Henry L. Doherty & Co. 


Cities Service deb. ‘‘C”” ..... 
Cities Service deb. ‘‘D’’ ... 
Cities Service 6 pct. pfd, 
Cities Service, common ...e.e-l7 

Citing Service, bankers ...... 135% 


eee 87 ‘4 


Jae Oe 


ATLANTA PROVISION MARKET. 
(Correcied by White Prvuvision Company.) 
Cornfield haiis, 10-12 ........ Seoeee U.22 
Cornfield hams, 12-)4 
Cornfield skinned hama, 16-18 . 

Cornfield picnic hame, 6-8 .... 
Cornfi-id breakfast bacon, wide 

or «arrow P 
Cornfield siiced bacon, 1-ib. cartons 
Grocers’ bacon, wide or narrow ._... 
Cornfield pork sausage, fresh link or 

° 

Cornfield wieners, 10-lb. cartons ... 
Cornfield smoked link sausage, in 

23-lb boxes ee 
Grandmother's lard, tierce basis . 
Country Style lard, tierce basis ... 
D. S. extra ribs waned 
D. 8S. bellies, light average .... 
D. ‘S. beliies. medium average 
Cornfield smoked link sausage, 

25-pound boxes ° 
Bulogna sausage in 25-lb. boxes ... 


INSPECTORS URGE 
THAT PUSTMASTER 
SELPH BE FIRED 


— 


Washington, January 7.—Removal 
from office of Postmaster Colin M. 
Selph, of St. Louis, Mo., was recom- 
mended in a repert by two inspectors 
made public tuday by Chairman Seil- 
man, of the house committee on post- 
office expenditures. Selph is a dem- 


ocrat, whose term expires within ten 
days. 

The committee requested an investi- 
gation in May, 1921, after filing of 
charges by the Postal Reform associa- 
tion, of St. Louis, and citizens. It was 
charged that Selph was “loud voiced, 
hot tempered, insulting and arrogant 
lacking in tolerance and fairness” in 
his allegea dealings with employees. 
Thirteen specified counts were em 
braced in thé charges. 

The inspectors, J. S. Lemon and J. 
F. Gartland, gave seven reasons why 
Selph “does not deserve to be retained 
in office,” and his removal was recom- 
mended on the ground, among cthers, 
that he had “unjustly caused the e- 
moval of employees; abused employees 
by repeated transfers and changes; de- 
frauded the government of the time of 
employees and use of equipment for 
personal and political ends; ar peared 
in office before employees in an in- 
toxicated condition, and secured .d- 
vances on unearned salary.” 


Clean-Up Orders 
Given Police Chief 
By Youngstown Mayor 


« 


Youngstown, Ohio, January 7.—One 
week ago today Mayor George L. 
Qles gave the urderworld just seven 
days to “love up, drink up, pack up 
and leave town, or reform.” 

Police Chief James Watkins had 
this message today from Mr. Oles: 

“Please see that the following or- 
ders are enforced: 

“Notify all clubs that gambling and 
drinking wil! not be tolerated. 

“Pool selling on horses must. be 
stopped, immora! houses abated: ar- 
rest all street walkers and men with 
no .visible means of support. Not'fyr 
hotels and restaurants and hootlez- 
gers that they tmnst cease their traffie 
in Tianor. 

“AU gambling places must be 

: > ae PS Gel eee 4g we his i ee = 


> 


- 58,239,665.38 | 


‘individually make of it. 


he gave the $300 on the day after he 


jhad taken only $3 or $4 frem it, the ) 


President National Association of Retail Grocers. 


As we are waiting upon the | 
threshold of 1922, many of us are 
quite as impatient as the expectant 
child for Santa to come, for never in 
the fiistory of our generation have 
we experienced a year quite as full 
of uncertainties as 1921. Lots of us 
can giadly say, “Good-bye old boy, 
may 1 never see your shadow again.” 
It is an unpleasant recoilection. 

Should we feel this way? We are 
told in the Good Book that the chil- 
dren of Israel spent forty years in 
the wilderness, and can any sensible 
American looking forward to 1922 be- 
lieve that we are going to experience 
a long period of uncertainty and un- 
employment. 

If you are discontented with your 
lot, buy a ticket to New York city, 
go to Ellis Island and there you see 
enough in ten minutes to send you 
back home, singing avr? 
be a better citizen, bo 
or what not. 

Millions of human beings, just as 
you and I selling all home belongings, 
tearing themselves from father, moth- 
er, brother and sister in such num- 
bers that we have to restrict dras- 
tically their coming, rushing from the 
whole of Europe to our land of prom- 
ise. Can we honestly complain? 

Nineteen hundred twenty-two is full 
of promise and will be just what we 
Hard work 
and applied brains now have a bhet- 
ter opportunity than at any time dur- 
ing the past ten -years to make a 
worth while suecess. Sane living and 
not trying to keep up with the Joneses 
is a necessity and a blessing. 

Sound thinking and much prayer 
will mean much towards our pros- 


perity. Passing fancies and fads are 
the stumbling blocks to success. Easy 
money and easy jobs are millstones 
around our necks. The quality of 
service the grocers render will de- 
termine the volume of their perma- 
nent and profitable trade. 

Self-respect and self-reliance will 
make better grocers and is a cardinal 
business principal, 

Nineteen hundred twenty-two is 
ushered in at a psychological time. I 
don’t know how much this means, but 
when we consider a showing up of 
business of only 15 per cent spells the 
difference between boom and depres- 
sion, then I am inclined to believe 
that the psychology of times means 
this 15 per cent volume, and with 
every intelligent agency in the world 
calling our atténtion to this and that 
good omen, with writers in magazines 
and newspapers and newspapers pour- 
ing their millions of daily messages 
of impgovements here and there, and 
when the public sees in a concrete way 
all over the country this and that 
factory or shop reopens even for only 
part time, then surely we have the 
feeling that things have reached the 
bottom and we are now on the up- 
grade. 

Surely, we have learned from the 
Washington conference that the whole 
world is on a war strike and certainly 
we can appreciate what this means, 
the tremendous opportunities that 
will be given capital and labor to 
start much needed improvements in 
all countries, certainly we shall want 
to do our part‘and will enthusiastical- 
ly face 1922 with a smile and willing- 
ness to make it a better year—this 
will win. 


SAYS TARIFF BILL | 
UNJUST 10 CUBA 


Washington, January 7.—Provi- 
sions of the Fordney tariff bill which 
would amount to abrogation of ‘hat 
portion of the treaty of reciprocity 
between the United States and Cuba, 
under whibh Cuba is granted prefer- 
ential rates of duty on sugar and other | 
products over similar commodities 
from other countries, is a “reversal of 
the traditional policy of the United 
States toward Cuba and a breach of 
the clear and undoubted duty which 
the Wnited States government owes to 
Cuba,” declares a legal opinion sent 
to the senate finance committee, now 
in charge of the tariff bill, by Horatio 


S. Rubens, of New York, made public | 


today. Mr. Rubens is chairman of the 
American committee on Cuban emer- 
gency. 

‘The opinion declares the Fordney 
bill is an “express and direct violation 
of the letter of the treaty,” and “vio- 
lates and offends the spirit in which 
the treaty was conceived.” It calls at- 
tention to the support which former 
President Roosevelt, then Secretary of 
War Root and Military Governor 
Wood gave to the need of Cuba when 
the treaty was made in 1902, and as- 
serts that it still should be regarded 
by the United States as a “superior 
duty and necessity to insure the eco- 
nomic stability of a free and prosper- 
ous Cuba.” 

The right of Cuba to commercial 
reciprocity with the United States “is 
not predicated alone npon the treaty 
of commercal reciprocity,” the apinion 
argues, “but would seem to be ed 
founded upon immutable principles of 
moral duty and sacred honor. 

“The United States,” it adds, “has 
irrevocably bound itself to foster to 
the greatest possible extent-the com- 
mercial interests of Cuba and can not 
enact tariff legislation detrimental to 
Cuban interests without it being a se } 
rious breach of international law, a re- 
versal of its traditional policy toward 
(Cuba and a breach of a cler and un- 
doubted duty toward Cuba.” 


TENNESSEE SENATOR 
ADMITS GETTING CASH; 


_ Franklin, Tenn.. January 7.—Admit- | 
ting that he received $300 from Sam- 
uel L, Felts shortly before the ‘I'en- 
nessee legislature last session closed, 
Senator E. N. Clabo, of Sevierville, 
Tefin., testified today that the money 
was to be used for entertainment. 
Senator Clabo, on trial charged with 
soliciting and accepting the money as 
a bribe to influence his vote against 
the Womack sales tax bill, admitted 
that he did not return the $300 to Mr. 
Felts. When asked what he expected 
to do with this amount “asvhen there 
were just three days of the tegisla- 
ture left,” he replied: 
xg just preposed to have a good 
time; to get the members together. and 
eat, drink and be merry all, day.” 
Defense Rests. 
Cross-examination of State Senator 
Chandler, to whom Senator Clabo said 


received it, and Miles O’Connor con- 
sumed the latter part of the trial to- 
day. Upon conclusion of the latter's 
testimony the defense closed its case. 

Attorney General Neely, for the 
state, announced that it would be im- 
possible for the state to conclude its 
case before Monday. He said there 
were several more witnesses which the 
prosecution wished to intfoduce in re- 
buttal. 

In his testimony this afternoon Sen- 
ator Chandler said he knew that Sen- 
ator Clabo was opposed to the Wom- 
ack bill, because the latter had so in- 
formed him on several occasions, and 
had told him that people from bis dis- 
trict had asked that he oppose it. 

Received Purse. - 

He also told of receiving Senator 
Clabo’s purse containing the money 
received from Felts. Senator labo 


witness said. This money* was depos- 
ited in a bank at Athens, Tenn., Nena- 
tor Chandler said, in his name, “and is 
still there subject to.the action of Sen- 
ator Clabo or the court.” | 
Miles P. O’Connor, Nashville: lawyer 


whom Sgnator Clabo employed to rep- 
resent him shortly after the bribery 
charge was first made, follawed Nena- 
tor Chandler on the stand. Most of 
his testimony dealt with preliminary 
arrangements he made with the de- 
fendant. He also corroborated: Senator 
Chandler's statement that Clabo'’s 
pocket book was first turnéd ovet ‘to 
him (O'Connor) and that the next 
day he gave it to Senator Chandler 

Upon completion of the cross-exam- 
ination of Mr O'Connor and the state's 
announcement that the case could not 
be completed today, Judge Hobbs ad- 
journed court until Monday morning. 


One hundred years ago the only 
known use for rubber was tor remov- 
ing pencil marks, 


The lord chief justice, the highest 
salaried judze in England, receives 
$40,000 a year. 


The telephone arose out of an at- | 
tempt to design an 
deaf people in hearing. 


‘ 


~-— Be. «.. ———L ee EE A nee ee 


oe Se. mem ve <& a= 


apparatus to aid | 


Ask Explanation 
Of Mexic Seizure 
Of Baptist Lands 


Washington, January 7.—The state 
department has instructed the Ameri- 
ean embassy at Mexico City to re 
quest of the Mexican government an 
explanation of the seizure by the mu- 
nicipality of Saltillo of property of 
the foreign mission bourd of the 
Southern Baptist convention, concern- 
ing which protest had been made 
to the department by Senator Harris, 
of Georgia. ‘the seizure included the 
property operated by the mission 
board as a girls’ school. 

Announcement of the department’s 
action was made by Undersecretary 
of State Fletcher, in a letter today 
to Senator Harris in whieh Mr, 
Fletcher said that preliminary inves- 
tigations by the American consul at 
Saltillo indicated that the munici- 
pality had declined to restore the 
property. ‘The consul’s report like- 
wise indicated, the letter said, that 
no reasons of any kind were assign- 
ed by local authorities for their ac- 
tion. 

Mr. Flrytcher suggested to the mis- 
sion board, through Mr. Harris, that 
it resort at once to legal remedies 
in an attempt to recovery the prop- 
erty. He explained that “a claim- 
ant or complainant against a for- 


eign government is not ordinarily en- 


titled to call upon his own govern- 
ment” until he has exhausted such 
legal efforts im the country con- 
cerned, 

The seizures, according to Senator 
Harris, took place during the revolu- 
tion about two years ago. 


FARMERS OPPOSE 
CHANGES IN BIL 


Washington. January 7.—-Objection 
to the proposed senate amendments to 


Hthe bill authorizing co-operative mar- 


keting by associations of farmers was 
voiced today by representatives of the 
farmers at a conference with a num- 
ber of senators from western states. 
Spokesmen for the farmers said they 
were satisfied with the measure as 
passed by the house, but oppose 
amendments made by the senate ju- 
diciary committee, particularly the 
provision declaring nothing in the bill 
shall be deemed to authorize the crea- 
tion of a monopoly or to exempt any 
asosciation authorized by the biil from 
the operations of the federal trade 
commission act. 

_ “The house bill, which is favored, will 
give the secretary of agriculture au- 
thority to hold hearings and direct 
any. association organized under the 
bill tog change its methods when he 
found it necessary to prevent such 
ussociation trom monopolizing or re- 
straining trade “to such an extent that 
the price of any agricultural product 
is duly enhanced,” and to file proceed- 
ings in the federal courts to enforce 
his orders. 

Further conferences will be held 
next week in the hope that an agree- 
ment may be reached by which the 
senate would decline the amendments 
proposed by its judiciary committee. 

Senators Kenyon, Iowa; Kellogg, 
Minnesota; Capper, Kansas, and 
Walsh, Montana, were the senators at 
today’s conferenee, and representatives 
of the National Milk Producers’ fed- 
eration and the national board of farm 
organizations spoke for the farmers. 
Representative Volstead, Minnesota. 
who, with Senator Capper, was joint 
author of the so-called “en-operative 
marketing” bill, also attended. 


The lighthouse on Heligoland is said 


to possess the most nowerful light in| 


the world—40.000.000 candlenower. 


dawn 


Prominent South Geor- 
gians, Former Officials 
of Defunct Banks, Must 
Answer Serious Charges. 


Brunswick, Ga., January 7.—(Spe- 
cial.)—The Glynn county superior 
eourt will convene in regular session 
Monday morning, and the indications 


are that it will preve one of the 


longest and most interesting sessions, 
held in a number of years, as there, 


The beginning of 1921 found the re- 
tail food business in as deplorable a 


condition as most every other line of 
business, and the first several months 
in the year saw many failures in the 
trade, fully one-third of the retau 
food stores changing hands, due to the 
pressure of adverse business condi- 
tions and the lack of capital by most 
of the dealers to accept the losses 
which accompanied tnese conditions. 

But as the year progressed our 
business bezan to improve. The cost 
of food made a material decrease, in 
fact, it decreased several times great- 
er than any other necessities, al- 
though the post-war increase was 


are many important cases, both on} much: less: than any other commodi- 


the civil and criminal docket. 

It is possible that the Jesup bank 
cases, which have een pending for 
some time, will be tried at this term. 
These cases were transferred from 
Wayne to Glynn county. under a 
change of venue. and twice since the 
transfer was made the cases have been 
postponed. There are several casex 
among the lot and the first scheduled 
fer trial is that of L. Carter, former 
president of the Jesup Banking com- 
pany and the Odum Banking com- 
pany, and W. Tyson, formrerly 
vice president ..nd cashier of the Jesup 
Banking company and vice president 
of the Odum bank; and H. C. Odum, 
who was cashier of the Qdum bank. 

Charges Against Carter. 

The specific charg. against Carter 
and Tyson is tha “charged with the 
fair and legal administration of the 
affairs of the Jesup Banking company, 
then and there pending and during 
the said official charge and responsi- 
bilities of the said L. Carter did be- 
come fradulently insolvent.” 

There are severa other cases predi- 
cated on the failure of the two banks 
and the Pickens company, charging 
the defendants with a series of viola- 
tions of the banking laws. 

H. C. Dickerson, formerly cashier 
of the Odum Banking company, is 
charged with embezzling $23,000 of the 
bank’s funds and absconding. He is 
also charged with making false entries 
in the depositors’ ledger. Clyde Car- 
ter, son of L. Garter, who was a 
director of the Jesup Banking com- 
pany, is to face practically the same 
charges as his father. 

Many Witnesses. 


Some of the best known attorneys in 
this section of the state are interesteu 


in the cases and the battle is expected 
to be one of the hardest ever fought 
in the local court. 

For the state, Solicitor Alvin will 
be assisted by Jame: R. Thomas, of 
Jesup; for the defense, the lawye..s 
are John W. Bennett; United States 
district attorney ior the southern dis 
trict of Georgia; B. W. Gibbs, of 


Jesup, and Frank M. Scarlett, of this’ 


city. If the cases are taken up it is 
expected that it will take two weeks 
to dispose of them all, and dozens of 


Wayne county citizens will be in 


the city as witnesses. 


LUMBERMEN DEFEND 
U. 5. FOREST SERVICE 


BY JAMES A. HOLLOMON, 
Coustitution tsureau, 

Ralewn kivies. 
Washington, January 7.—( Ky Con- 
stitution ‘Leased Wire.)—In view of 
the bearings which will begin be- 
fore the house committee on agricul- 
ture Monuasy, the National Lumber 
Manutacturers’ association tonight set 
forth the attitude of the lumber in- 
dustry on one ifs of the matter 


that has be 2 wi@@ly musunderstvuod. 

The lumber industry is not’ advo- 
cating or desiring a transfer of the 
forest service from the department of 
agriculture to the department of tbe 
interior. The National Lumber Man- 
ufacturers’ association, representing 
approximately 30,000 ‘sawmills and 


most of the large timber awyners in | 


the United States, including those in 
the vellow pine belt of the south, is 
taking na part in any controversy in- 
volving the forest service. But as a 
matter of sound public policy the 
lumber industry believes the forest 
Frervice should oe let alone. 

In order that the attitude ef the 
wajority of timbermen and lumber- 
men may be clearly understood, a pub- 
lic statement by Dr. Wilson Comp- 
ton manaser of the National Lumber 
Manufacturers’ association, was sent 
to the president and to the secretary 
of agriculture, This statement is sup- 
plemented by an authorized expres- 
sion from Coloneit William B. Gree- 
ley, forester &@ the United States. 

Dr. Compton says: “While Mr. Pin- 
chot may know of some individual) 
lumberman or timber owner who may 
favor the transfer of the forest serv- 
ice. IT myself know of none. The lum- 
ber industry, so far as I have infor- 
mation, is satisfied with the present 
administration of the United States 
forest service. Under Colonel William 
B. Greeley, chief forester, the forest 
service has been efficiently run. 

“The lumber industry wants the for- 
est service let alone. It is doing a 
conspicuously effective service for the 
nation, and whatever Mr. Pinchot or 
others may think about ‘it, the Na- 
tional Lumber Manufacturers’ asso- 
ciation would like to see every un- 
necessary handicap and embarrassment 
removed from the ‘work of the forest 
service,” 

In the same connection, William B. 
Greeley. forester of the United States, 
declared: 


\. 
“T have no reason to believe that 
“the lumber 


indrstry is antaconistie 
to the forest service or desires to ham- 


, per its work.” 


The eider duck bnilds ita rest of 
its own down, six nesta heine rennired 
to supply one pound of this famous 


- = — 


ment securities. 


gw 


The facilities of our Bond Depart- 
ment are at the disposal of those seek- 
ing information concerning invest- 


Private wire to New York, Savan- 
nah, Augusta, New Orleans, Balti- 
more and Washington. 


The Citizens & Southern Bank 
A A 


TLANT. 


ies. 

This seemed to help our business 
considerably and most food mer- 
chants who put more energy into 
their business, gave a better service 
to their trade and used good mer- 
chandising methods had little to com- 
plain about at the end of the year. 

Many of the food merchants had a 
decidedly better year in 1921 than 
they had had the previons year and 
they are looking forward to a still 
better year in 1922. 

In my mind, 1922 is the silver lin- 
ing in the cloud of all business de- 
pression. I believe there will still 
be quite a few failures and consider- 
able loss before the period of normal- 
cy has been reached, but I also pbe- 
lieve that conditions as a whole will 
become well settled within the next 
five or six months. 

Before conditions as a whole can 
be remedied we need less unemploy- 
ment. We need a resumption of work 
at all our factories ard industrial 
institutions and an era of bnildive to 
make up for the cessation of building 
during the war. We need to put 
erery man to work. 

We need a_ reduction in taxation 
and the quickest way to have taxes 
reduced to an equitable basis is by 
less extravazance in expending pub- 
lic money ard a more business-like 
way of handling mublie funds. Onr 
city. state and national governments 
need to eliminate extravazances and 
cut exnenses just as all bnsiness con- 
cerns have been compelled to do. 

Tn Atlanta we need more of that 


t 


Atlanta spirit—that spirit that 
causes one to get out and do big 
things. ‘ We need it in our business, 
in our civic. affairs and in everything 
else we do. We need less knocki 
and bickering over trivial things 
more constructive co-operation for 
the common *- 


FORMER OFFICIALS 
OF DEFUNCT BANK 
RELEASED ON BOND 


Anderson, 8. C., January 7.—J. A. 
Vandiver and J. I. Brownlee, formerly 
president and cashier, respectively, of 
the Farmers and Merchants’ bank 
which is in process of liquidation, were 
arrested and released here today on 
bonds of $500 on a charge of misappre- 
priation of two $50 Liberty bonds. 
filed yesterday by A. Blake, a sign 
painter. Blake asserted he entrusted 
the bonds to the bank for safe keeping 
before it was closed by the state bank 
examiner, and he also started proceed- 
ings to recover them. 


ART RESTORER FINDS 
WASHINGTON PORTRAIT 


New York, January 7.—Discovery 
of the lon ;-lost ninth portrait of Gen- 
ernl Washington by the American 
master, Gilbert Stuart, was announced 
today by Hammond imith, art re 
storer. The picture, formerly sup- 
posed to be a copy by Vanderlin, is 
the property of Walter Jennings, of 
this city. 

Mr. Smith, upon removing several 
layers of varnish and overpainting, 
sa:d he discovered unmistakable evi- 
dence of the work of the master, and 
art experts who have seen the picture 
concur in his opinion. 

Th portrait is an almost exact repli- 
ca of the one by Stuart which hangs 
in the New York public library. It 
was originally sold to Mr. Jennings 
as one of two conies painted by Van- 
derlin. Another Vanderlin copy hangx 
on the right of the speaker’s desk in 


| the bonse of representatives in Wash- 


ington. 


o_O en ae ee ly 


| A. H. WILSON & CO. 


Investment Securities 


Ivy 6105 


—.- 


Forsyth Streets. 


15th. 


This Bank Is Keeping 
Pace With the City 
of Atlanta 


In 1906 the Central Bank & Trust 
Corporation was organized to take care 
of the growing financial needs of Atlanta. 


To keep pace with progress a branch 
was opened in 1908 on Mitchell and 
Since then the banking 
quarters of the Main Bank have been 
more than doubled, and a thriving branch 
in the busy Tenth Street District is serv- 
ing the people in that industrial sectiun. 


We find now the banking house on 
Mitchell at Forsyth has become inade- 
quate to serve the demands of our loyal 
patrons in the busy Terminal District. 
So, in accordance with the policy of the 
institution, new and up-to-date banking 
quarters will soon be started. 
hope and aim to be comfortably located 
on the Northeast Corner of Mitchell and 
Forsyth Streets not fater than March the 


It is our 


_ The same courteous and efficient serv- 
ice will greet you at all of our locations. 


Central 


Trust Corporation 
Main Bank—Candler Building 
Mitchell St. Branch—Mitchell and Forsyth Sts. 
Tenth St. Branch—Tenth and Peachtree Sts. 


Savings Department 
Open till 5 p. m. 


Bank & 


| Bonds Digest Gains — 


es? 5 


_ Results Achieved by Liq- 

- uidation of Frozen Cred- 
it Are Creating Strong 
Market for Bonds and 
High-Grade Stocks. 


BY HAROLD R. BUNCE. 
Hopefulness is the keynote of the 
security markets as the year 1921 
ends. We have witnessed the inevi- 


a 


STARS ee 


amism with respect to stocks and .a 
* highly edifying transformation of 
» great volumes of credit from a frozen 
+state into one of liquidity, creating a 
strong market for bonds and high 

grade stocks. At this stage of the 
/ cycle those signs which point to con- 
tinued improvement in the conditions 
responsible for the rise in investment 
securities are not obscure. 

The greatest exponents of the 
theory that business moves in cycles 
concede that trade is improving, but 
they are reluctant to designate pre- 
cisely the point of past cycles that 
a 4 . 
7coresponds with the present situa- 
tion. Probably they will never be able 
to offer an opinion that does more 
than approximate the exact situation, 
for tne same reason that investors and 
speculative traders in stocks will 
never be able to designate the exact 
trough: of depression in securities or 
the exact peak of inflation in stocks 
which foreshadows the end of a pe- 


¥ 
, 
7 
* 
a 
oad 


wee 2 AA DS Se KP 


A +e e 


VN SS hee = EWA LARA He OO 


/~modities and staples. 

“~- But broadly speaking, the country 
is in the first stages of business re- 
vival. Stocks have run ahead of 
actual improvement in trade, just as 
they kept several steps ahead of busi- 
ness when prices were fading away 
rapidly. The end of 1921 approxi- 
mates the point which marks the con- 
clusion of a long and disheartening 
series of dividend omissions and re- 
ductions; the point at which fear of 
more intensified business depression 
# is cleared away sufficiently to make 
«possible the consideration of, or action 
on, the question of restoring divi- 
dends., 

To get a proper appreciation of the 
present status of bonds and stocks 
and what their rise stands for it is 
necessary to go back. past their turn- 
ing points. A brief sketch of fluctua- 
tions leading up to the markets of 
1921 is also in order. ‘The point of 
extreme depreciation of bonds was 
identical with the low point of pur- 
chasing power of the coupon dollar 
us measured by wholesale commodity 
prices—May, 1020. The steady rise 
during the summer and fall came to 
an end late in Ocotber, because the 
proceeds of bond as well as stock sales 
were required to finance the _ first 
serious stage of trade deflation. That 
spell of abnormal selling ended for 
honds and stocks a week before the 


» SSS na SLR RRS > 


i i i i ee 


a ee ee ee eo ee ee 


table revulsion from extreme pessi- } 


Expect Another Rise 


‘ond of 1920, and both classes of se- 
curities entered the new year OD @ 
reinvestment rally. 

Disentangling Credits. 

One of the most painful aspects of 
‘deflation is that the pursuit of ambi- 
| tious policies of expansion to meet 
‘real and fictitious demand for goods 
in the boom period leaves industrial 
corporations with an extraordinarily 
large volume of bank loans outstand- 
ing. It leaves them also with great 
amounts of raw materials and fin- 
ished products, an exceptionally large 
| aggregate of acounts payable, and a 
| worrysome item of accounts recievable. 
| If production could have stopped when 
‘the peak was reached and all goods 
could have been disposed of to the 
ultimate consumer at peak prices, 
business would be able to climb down 
to a safer level of prices without all 
the shocks and wreckage of deflation. 
But a readjustment cannot be ‘carried 
out along these lines. The great maze 


of interwoven credits must be liqui- 
dated gradually. Business morality is 
often rudely thrust aside and the ad- 
vantage too often lies with the cor- 
poration or business man who repddi- 
ates his contracts. In one conspicu- 


riod of excessive speculation in com-' 


ous ease serious losses were sustained 
by a large sugar company which felt 
obligated to accept raw materia! con- 
tracted for at peak prices but could 
not persuade its customers_to honor 
contracts for high priced refined 
sugar. 
Bond Market Absorbs Shocks. 

By making possible the conversion 
of burdensome bank loans into fixed 
debt obligations, the bond market dur- 
ing the past year has performed 4 
service that is essential in every- busi- 
ness depression. From the fall of 
1920 to the early summer of 1921 
every demonstration of investment de- 
mand through a rise in bonds was used 
as an opportunity for bringing out 
new bond issues, and in turn each 
subsequent supersaturation of the 
market led to a reaction which 
brought the market for outstanding 
bonds to the point.where further fi- 
nancing on favorable terms was im- 
possible. Additional new issues were 
withheld until the demand had again 
run ahead of the supply. 

The most material setback of the 
year occurred during May and June, 
ending with the third week of the lat- 
ter month. In this case the decline 
was greater and sharper than that 
of the previous November and De- 
cember, but was by no means out of 
proportion to the huge volume of new 
issues which the market was @alled 
upon to absorb. Every day for a 
period of five weeks one banking 
syndicate or another brought out a 
bond issue running into eight figures. 
In addition to these, $100,000.000 of 
French government bonds were sold 
and $230,000,000 of Northern Pacific- 
(;reat Northern joint 6 1-2 per cents— 
the largest corporate issue ever 
floated—were distributed by a na- 
tionwide syndicate. The resultant 


oversuppply gave the market its lust 
break, due to other than technical 
considerations. Bonds thereafter ad- 
vanced almost without interruption 


— CONSULTING 
AUDITS 


- 

: 
> 
a 
7 
4, 
° 
, 
7s 
: 
: 


Our Experience Guarantees Your 
Tax Matters. 


Phone West 995. 


THE BARKER-PAYNE AUDIT COMPANY 


ACCOUNTANTS — 
INVESTIGATIONS 


Inguiries Solicited. 


SYSTEMS 


Protection in all Federal Income 


112 Oglethorpe Ave. 


eset aa es % 


I 


. s & 


F. W. LAFRENTZ, 


Vv. 


. 


mu. BM. RICE, C. P. A., 


Pres, 


NEW YORK—Waldorf-Astoria. 
BOSTON-—-P. O. Sqvare Building. 
WASHING'TON-—Colorado Prilding. 
NEW ORLEANS—Maison Blanche. 
BALTIMORE—Garrett Building. 
RICHMOND-—Amer. Nat. Bk. Bidg. 
ATLANTA—Fourth Mat. Bk. Bldg. 
LOS ANGELES-—Herman W.. Hellman 
Bidg. 


Certificates of 
Operations are 
weight in the 


Velephone Ivy S69. 


~® & EX BEY SSE SSS 


THE AMERICAN AUDIT COMPANY 
Home Office, 100 Broadway, New York City 


—— BRANCHES 


Our Reports of Audit and Our 


ATLANTA BRANCH, 1012-17 Fourth National Bank Bailding. 


C. B. BIDWELL, C. P. A., Resident Vice President. 


C. P. A., President. 


A. F. LAFRENTZ, Sec’y & Treas. 


CHICAGO—140 South Dearborn St. 
PHILADELPHIA—Colonial Trust Bldg. 
MILWAULKEE—Loan & Trust Bldg. 


LONDON, Eng.—FE. C., 530 Gresham &t. 
Bank. 


SCRANTON, PA.—County Bank Bldg. 
WILKES-BARRE—Odd Fellows Bldg. 


Condition and 
known to have 
financial world. 


Cable Address, Amdit, New York. 


ee & 


MacKINNON 


Se VRUARA oF bw 


4 


t, 


of their 


220 HURT 


923 HURT 


Announce the Removal 
Offices from 


to 


STOCKS—BONDS 
LOCAL AND LISTED SECURITIES 


---- Phone Ivy 1659 ---- 


& COMPANY 


BUILDING 


BUILDING 


and at a brisk pace until the first 
week in December. 


How Dividends Were Sacrificed. 
With stocks the so-called reinvest- 


ment demand lasted until the middle 
of February and until the first week 
in August bond and stock markets 
ran apace in their main swings. The 
propriety of this contact between the 
two markets does not appear strange 
in view of what happened towards 
[the end of the year. The flotation of 
a bond issue for the purpose of fund- 
ing bank loans has ever been accept- 
ed as a confession of weakness and 
to the extent that the creation of 
long-term debt had this purpose in 
view stocks suffered. By spring a 
long list of corporations had discon- 
tinued dividends on common stock. 
A few had suspended payments on 
preferred issues, voluntarily or in 
agreement with the bankers who 
floated bonds for them. 

_ Such was the feeling of uncertainty 
im the stock market community and 
among stockholders in general that 
wherever a corporation was thought 
to stand in need of funding obliga- 
tions all its remaining dividends were 
held to be in danger. This state of 
mind was not materially relieved un- 
til stocks had gone far on their re- 
covery from the extreme low level of 
August. Even now it has not been 
eliminated entirely. 

Stock Market Not Always Logical. 

The stock market was not at all 
times logical in its treatment of this 
new financing factor. Some corpora- 
tions which had shown good earning 
power in the past and which gave 
promise of resuming a strong place in 
their respective industries on the re- 
turn of normal business might have 
been placed in serious financial diffi- 
culties if the opportunity for extending 
their fixed capital had been lacking. 
Yet their stocks were marked down 
when new financing was undertaken. 
Such action was illogical unless the 
motive was to reflect displeasure at 
having a heavy fixed charge placed 
ahead of preferred and common stocks, 
It is quite generally recognized that 
with their added burden of charges 
those corporations which have been 
forced to increase their funded debt 
in 1921 or during the past eighteen 
months will have to acquire more than 
their normal amount of business be- 
fore they can regain the normal rate 
of earnings per share of stock. Of 
course, there is always the possibility 
of retiring burdensome debts within 
the limits specified in the loan agree- 
ments. 

In every discussion. of financing a 
line must be drawn between the capi- 
talization of bank loans and the se- 
curing of new capital for the purpose 
of acquiring additional properties, or 
for increasing the scope of operations 
in other ways. The stock market has 
drawn this distinction clearly—in the 
case of the petroleum companies, for 
instance—recognizing that the added 
fixed charges should in time be made 
up by increased earning _ power. 


| 
| 


| 


‘ 
’ 


Through offerings of this kind 
through a multitude of loans floated 
for foreign countries and American 
states and municipalities, the bond 
market has been compelled to digest 
an enormous total of new issues, The 
fact that it has been able to make such 


a remarkable advance while doing this | 


is in itself a sufficient commentary on 
the increasing force of investment 
capital. 

Investment Demand Overflows. 

As noted previously there was a cer- 
tain contact between stock and bond 
markets throughout the year, increas- 
ing as bonds became better able to 
withstand competition from new of- 
ferings. Late in August stocks started 
u recovery which, in its first stages, 
was a recoil from overdone speculation 
for the decline. The next stage was 
an effort to reflect the plainly visible 
signs of revival in business, but the 
market went further than those signs 
warranted and and therefore was 
thought to have laid itself open to 
a sharp reaction commensurate with 
the over-expansion of speculative buy- 


ing. 

That was in Noveinber, a month 
during which the rise in bonds bor- 
dered on the sensational. It became 
apparent soon that the stock. market 


/was being supported in a substantial 


way by an overflow’*of investment 
funds. from the bond market. Under 
the circumstances stocks showed the 
effects of this buying power.in the 
order of their claim to an ‘nvestment 
rating. 

The building of a big speculative 
ecount in bonds made a pause for 
profit taking inevitable. Accordingly 
the first days of December saw the 
rise in bonds effectively checked. 
That there was no material reaction, 
but merely a check in the upturn, was 
properly attributed to the continu- 
ance of an investment demand which 
wus just able to take speculative of- 
ferings, while assimilating also a pro- 
fusion of new issues. Both markets 
were undoubtedly preserved from 
greater selling in the closing weeks 
of the year by a revision in the tax 
law waking illegal the _ so-called 
“wash sales’ for the purpose of es- 
tablishing losses for income tax pur- 
poses. ‘They were free, also, of ‘the 
urgent liquidation that had been re- 
quired to meet the December 15, 1920, 
tax collection. Sacrifice of securities 
for this purpose was a factor in the 
markets of 1921 preceding only the 
March and June instalment dates. 


Results of Thawed Out Credit. 


A summary of the important devel- 
opment attributed to the transforma- 
tion of frozen credit to a liquid state 
would include such items as: 
| A reduction in the Federal Reserve 
bank of New York rediscount rate 
from 7 to 41-2 per cent by gradual 


'steps of a half per cent each. 


A lowering of the rate on one-yéar 


i treasury certificates from 6 to 4 1-2 


per cent. 

A reduction of government paper re 
discounts with the reserve system from 
a high total of $1,572,980,000 in 1920 
to a low of $421,891,000 late in 1921, 
and a teduction of other rediscounts 
from $1,616,116,000 to $705.941,000, 

The retirement of $1,088,925,000 of 
the $3,404.931.000 Federal Reserve 
notes outstanding on December 23, 
1920. 

A raising of the Federal Reserve 
bank ratio of reserves to note and de- 
posit liabilities from a low figure of 
45.4 per cont at the close fo 1920 to 
735.1 in December, 1921. 

- A reduction of the commercial paper 
rate from 8 to 5 per cent, time money 
from 91-2 to 5 per cent, and prime 


per cent. 

-A rise of five months in bonds and 
31-2 months in stocks. 

As the new year begins, there is 
still a great volume of credit to be 
liquidated. Accordingly, there is still 
room for much further improvement 
in all the items just enumerated. 


| (Copyright, 1921, for she Atlanta 
Constitution. ) 


and | 


—wewres - 


NEW YORK 
PHILADELPHIA 


SO ee eR oe eee fe ee ee ee ee eek So ee eee ee ee ee. eee 
y 


Accountants 


Audits - Systems - Plant and Production Service - 
Income - Excess Profit and State Tax 
Bank System and. Audit Service 


Wolf & Company 


(Formerly Baker, Vawter & Wolf) 


ATLANTA OFFICE 422-423 CANDLER BLDG. 


-- 


CHICAGO * 
KANSAS CITY 
DES MOINES 
OKLAHOMA CITY 


MUSKOGEE 
_FORT WORTH 


Credit Men to Be Hosts 
To National Secretary 


Premier Event of the 


Year in Atlanta Credit 
Circles to Occur Mon- 
day Night. 


J. H. Tregoe, secretary-treasurer 
of the National Association of Credit 
Men, will deliver an address in this 
city before the Atlanta Association of 
Credit Men, at 6:30 o'clock, Mon 
evening, January 9, at the Pea 


e. 

This bold statement contains the 
biggest message that the credit men of 
Atlanta will receive this year—except 
the message which Mr. Tregoe will 
personally deliver to them. 

“The Good Samaritan of Business” 
is the title by whlich Mr. Tregoe is 
known throughout the count¥y. He 
knows personally 20, business men 
in North America. Probably no other 
business Jeader has his fingers closer 
to the pulse of industry today. He 
is the executive at the head of an as- 
sociation which has 133 affiliated or- 
ganizations and 33,000 members 
throughout the country. 

Mr. ‘Tregoe’s business is to 
know business. e hss made a 
life study of it. He travels from 
coast to coast, visiting the affili 
ated associations of credit men, and he 
makes an analytical study of industrial 
conditions. During the past year he 
has participated in practically thirty 
state conferences, before which he has 
delivered timely addresses, to say 
nothing of the banquets and after-din- 
ner speeches that are a supplemeutary 
part of his calendar. Every day he 
reads scores and scores of letters either 
in his own New York offices or while 
en route, for his mail is forwarded to 
him, from credit grantors in all parts 
of the United States. 


| 


bank acceptances from G1-S to 41-3 | 


The secretary-treasurer of the Na- 
tional Association of Credit Men is not 
only regarded as one of the leading 
business authoritlesin the nation, and 
acknowledged to be the greatest Ameri- 
can authority on credit, but he is a 
very human being who stresses “help” 
along with “study.” That’s why he is 
called “The Good Samaritan of Busi- 
ness.” 

To prevent failures in business; to 
assist the man who has slipped; to ed- 
ucate the youth to stabilize credits; to 
hammer home the ethics of business— 
such is the program of J. H. Tregoe. 
Faith is the dominant point of his 
erced, not blind optimism, that fails 
to take account of all the essential ma- 
terial factors of the moment, but a 
faith in the fundamental strength of 
American business and _ its 
“Don’t sell America short!” is the ad- 
vice Mr. Tregoe gives his audiences. 

If he wanted to, he could command 
a highly remunerative place in busi: 
ness. He hasrefused many flattering 
offers from corporationsand publica- 
tions. But he had dedicated his life 
to the National Association of Credit 
Men, believing he has therein an op- 
portunity to serve the greatest number 
of people for the greatest amount of 
good. <An idealist? Yes, but not a 
theorist. 

‘The Professor of Pep” is another 
nickname, applied to J. H. Tregoe. . He 
excels as a quiz-master of credit men. 
When he speaks the dinner table be- 
comes a business clinic, wherein the 
patient is probed, twisted, turned, 
completely diagnosed, and then oper- 
ated upon with the deft scalpel of this 
surgical quiz-master. 

Mr. Tregoe is an indefatigable work- 
er. Six days a week, ecight and ten 
hours a day, heison the job.. Many 
nights he spends on trains traveling 
forth to make addresses and collect in 
formation—feeling tle pulse of busi- 
ness. Hishomeisin Fast Orange, N. 
J. Some men read newspapers or play 
cards while they are commuting. Mr. 
Tregoe reads law. He _ thought it 
would help in business to know law, so 
he has been reading law for years. 

Once he was in business in Balti- 
more. There he was a great worker 
in the missions. Night after night 
he worked in the redlight district 
waging war on vice in the interests 
of decent living. He went to New 
York to become executive secretary 
of the N. A. C. M. about ten years 
ago, but was not content merely to 
seek a fortune and fame of his own. 
He was interested in “the other fel- 
low.” ‘That's why he sticks to the 
credit men’s associations instead of 
accepting any one of the lucrative 
jobs that have been offered him. 

He is a graduate of the City college 
of Baltimore, and was awarded his 
LL.B. by the Univers:ty of Maryland. 
He is secretary of twenty national 
business men’s committees. Monthly 
he writes a letter to the president and 
secretary of each of the individual 
eredit men’s associations spread 
through every city of any size in the 
country. Three hours every morning 
he dictates letters, giving his senog- 
raphers enough to keep them busy all 
day. He thoroughly loves his’ job. 

Fair play is bis motto. He be- 
lieves in playing the game out in the 
open—honest, square, aboveboard 
dealing. As evidence, this sentence 
from a little folder recently sent to 
his many members: “A merchant who 
desires to serve his own interests 
should recognize that his most valua- 
'*. possession, apart from his actual 


Cochran, Ga., oY. 


future. | 


| 


Winder, Ga., 5’8 ..... 
State Alabama, 3%4’s ........1996 
Dougherty Co., Ga., 4%2.......1928 
Wayne Co., Ga., 5’s......1930-1945 
Floyd Co., Ga., 5’s ..... 1924-1950 
Sumter Co., Ga., 5’s .....1933-1949 
Ware Co., Ga., 5’s .....-.1926-1949 
Miller Co., Ga., 5’s.......1923-1928 
Pierce Co., Ga., 5’s ......1935-1937 
Fort Myers, Fla., 5’s .........1949 
Orange Co., Fla., 6’s ....1931-1940 


—~ —— ee eee 


J. H. TREGOB. 


assets, is a sound, substantial and 
unquestioned reputation as a credit 
risk.” 

Here are ten 
American business 
Tregoe: 

1. Buy what thou needest, but buy 
wisely. 

2. Keep the wheels of industry 
turning continually, thereby mini- 
mizing that dread factor—unemploy- 
ment. } 

3. Bring about a deflation of credit 
and currency through the free move- 
ment of commerce. 

4. Stabilize exchange by releasing 
some gold reserves to Europe. 

5. Encourage domestic thrift and 
savings. 

6. Insist upon economy in the ad- 
ministration of government finances. 

7. Avoid speculation, especially in 
low priced commodities. 

8. Be definite as to the time of ex- 


ecution and delivery orders, 
9. Exhibit an increasing love of 
nation and an abundant“faith in her 
traditions by being a bull on America. 

10. Fear not, but with quiet confi- 
dence and steadfastness of purpose 
“go forward” even as the doughboys 
said “Tet’s go.” 

Those who do not hear Mr. Tregoe 
Monday evening will miss the most 
intensely interesting credit event in 
Atlanta in this good year of 1922. 


suggestions offered 
men by r. 


Price Range of Seats 
On New York Exchange 


_Comparison of the price of New 
York Stock Exchange memberships 
during the past fifty-two years fol- 
lows: 

High. 
1921, $100,000 
1920, 115,000 

110,000 


*Record high price. xRecord low price. 
Before 1868 seats on the New York 
Stock Exchange were not transferred 
by purchase ano sale. An initiation 
fee of $3,000 was, however, required 
from members duly elected by the 
board and in business on their own 
account. In 1868 «the transfer of 
seats began to have a value, for in 
that year the present system of trans- 
fer was instituted. 


a Yl 


Trading in New York 


For Years Compared 


Stocks, Bonds, 

shares. r value. 
os pe 170,521,700 $2,464,884, 500 
BERD. cc énces 226,640,400 3,976,106,750 
1919. ...00+.316,787,725 3, 809,002,650 


674,832,850 

O18, 1,024,418,770 
- eeeees 187,181,500 
weeveee + l62,425,000 


999,404,920 
587,359,230 
$36,451,130 
922,514,410 
544,569,930 


1900. .ceeess 138,312,266 
e eeceee -175,073, 855 
weeeees sl12,160,166 

77,470,763 


NEED CONFERENCE 


The cancellation of the debts of 
the allied governments at the present 
time probably would have little effect 
on American business if it should be 
done as an isolated act not conditioned 
on anything being given or agreed to 
in return for the cancellation. No 
payments are being received on this 
indebtedness and none are in near 
prospect. Most of the debts are uncol- 
lectible. Because of this their cancet?- 
lation would have small effect. 

If they could be paid it would be 
done largely through trade channels, 
which would involve important read- 
justments of our export and import 
trades during the process of payment 
and another set of readjustmenfs. 
after payments had been completed. 
The losses resulting from these dis- 
organizing influences would largely, 
offset the gains from the payments. 
There would be some benefit derived 
from the payments if they should be 
utilized to lower taxes, but little if 
they were used to defray new ex- 
penses, such as bonus payments. 


Eventually this country will prob- 
ably remit these debts because Eng- 
land will in all likelihood take the 
initiative by remitting the debts owed 
her by her former allies. If this is 
done it will render out debts morally 
uncollectible, and such a course would 
be the easiest and wisest method by 
which England could avoid her in- 
debtedness to us. 


International Conference. 


The better method would be for us 
to take the initiative by participating 
in an international economic confer- 
ence, called after thorough prelimi- 
nary discussion of the issues involved, 
and dealing with the whole mass of 
problems relating to the different in- 
ternational jindebtednesses, including 
those of Germany and Austria. If 
such a conference could be held and 
result in reasonably satisfactory set- 
tlements, reductions, and remissions, 
it. would be immensely advantageous 
to American business and to that of 
all the rest of the world. 

The revision of the amounts and 
plans of payments of German repara- 
tions 1s a matter of large importance 
to American business. It is one in 
which our interest is great but indi- 
rect. We do not expect to participate 
as receivers of any part of the repara- 
tions payments that Germany ma 
make, and hence we have no such di- 
rect interest in the matter as have 
France, Belgium, England, and Italy. 
Our concern is occasioned by the 
effect of reparations payments in un- 
settling infernational exchange and 
handicapp g our foreign trade, and 
by our increasing realization that we 
cannot have prosperity in this coun- 
try if central Europe is commercially 
and industrially prostrate. 

It is the part of wisdom for this 
country to refrain from intervening 
in this matter so long as it remains 
one of direct interest to the beneficiary 
nations alone. If the whole series of 
problems relating to international in- 
debtedness comes under discussion by 
the several countries involved, it will 
become our duty to participate active- 
ly in the consideration of the entire 
group of questions involved, including 
those of reparations. 


BUSINESS LOOKING 
TO 1922 HARVEST 


Continued from Page 11, 


absence of adventitious aids, like brisk 
buying by foreigners or farmers, such | 
a movement gathers headway slowly, 
as increased manufacturing leads to 
increased employment and increased 
employment leads to increased retail 
purchases. This year little adventi- 
tious stimulus i3 to be expected from 
any source, barring perhaps a brisk 
demand for construction. Hence the 
expansion of the volume of business 
has so far been slow and it may re- 
inain slow for several months to come. 

Meantime the obstacles to revival 
are gradually being removed, except 
the great obstacle of agricultura] de 
fression. The rapid fall of commodity 


veloped, transactions on the stock 
market ‘are gaining in volume and 
prices seem te be moving slowly up 
ward, necessary corporate financing 


is being arranged without trouble, 
threatening labor difficulties are most- 
ly adjusted on terms.favorable to em- 
jJoyers, the number of men at work 
seems to be at least holding its own, 
the construction of dwellings and pub 
lie works of various kinds is active, 
the tax bill has been passed and the 
emergency tariff extended for a year. 
the foreign exchanges are showing 
strength, and the reports from the 
disarmament conference seems _ to 
promise a reduction of naval expendi- 
tures in the near future. 
Renewed Inflations Dangerous. 
All in all, then, there seems little 
reason to believe that the tentative 
revival in business which was first 
noted last summer will relapse info a 
new depression. On the other hand, 
there is little to warrant the hope that 


the pace of improvement will soon be- 
come rapid. Indeed, the movement 
might receive a serious setback if 
commodity prices suddenly turned up- 


wards ana business men began to ex- 
tend their commitments incautiously. 
Such developments might check the 
timid increase of buying and the 
gradual easing of credits. Perhaps a 
grave danger is that wage reductions 
may curtail purchasing power faster 
than increase in employment extends 
it. With the agricultural demand for 
goods at a low level and with this 
ticklish problem of wages and  em- 
ployment but partly solved, the wise 
policy is to rest content with very 
narrow margins of profit, to keep 
prices steady, and so to foster the 
volume of business. If that is done 
1922 will be a far more cheerful year 
than 1921, unless, of course, the farm- 


ere have another disastrous Season, 
(Copyright, 1922, for The Con- 
stitution.) 


OFFERINGS 


January Investment 


Atlanta, Ga., 6%... 
Georgia’ State, 434% 
Georgia State, 4%.. 
LaGrange, Ga., 5%. 
DeKalb Co., Ga., 5% 
Cordele, Ga., 5%... 
Wayne Co., Ga, 5% 
Greenville, S. C., 5% 
Spartanburg County, 

Ss Ae ee ene 


Fairfax (School Dis.) 
Si i; Gece redex 


Varying in return up to 6% 


Woodruff, S. C., 5%4%.Due 


Full information on any of above issues furnished on request. 


BOND DEPARTMENT 


Trust Company of Georgia 


ATLANTA 


.-Due 1923 to 1931 
..Due 1945 

..Due 1926 

.»-Due 1928 to 1951 
..Due 1928 to 1946 
..Due 1940 to 1948 
..-Due 1945 to 1947 
..Due 19514 and 1961 


1939 and 1941 
1960 


..Due 


. ue 1941 


prices has been checked; a strong in- 
vestment demand for bonds has de- 


-_, 


Subject to 


Prior Sale 


We Offer 


$20,000 Dutch East Indies, 


sixes (1947)........94'% 


10,000 Western Pacific, 1st mtg. sixes (1946) ..100 
5,000 United Light & Rys., Ist fives (1932)... .831 


5,000 City of Lyons, sixes (1934)........... 
£ 2,000 City of Buenos Aires fives (1945)..... 
£10,000 Norway fours (1911).......... 
F50,000 San Paulo fives (1905)......... 


50 Sh. Fourth Natl. Bk. 
100 Sh. Sou. Sec. Co. 


.84 
. 56 
.59 
.63 


100 Sh. Southeastern Express. 
50 Sh. St. Andrews Preferred. 


King-Blackburn Co. 


304 CANDLER BLDG. 
Ivy 3406-7 


We own and offer subject the following 


TAX - FREE | 


UARY INVESTMENTS 


Augusta, Ga., 312’8 .........-1929 
Cedartown, Ga., 6’s ......1927-1951 


Milledgeville, Ga., 9’s. 


4? 
2 


.. 1923-1945 
, . .1927-1949 
_. .1926-1928 


S see 


Write us for particulars 


THE ROBINSON-HUMPHREY CO. 


Municipal and Corporation Bonds 


Atlanta, Ga. 


permit. 


3. 


C-9 Hurt Building 


Begin 1922 With These 
8% Investments 


Miller First Mortgage Bonds, secured by income-producing build- 
ings in Southern cities, are still available at prices to yield 8%. 
We cannot tell how much longer we will be able to offer this high 
rate. Therefore, we suggest that you begin the New Year with 
this investment program: 


1. Invest outright in as many Miller Bonds as your funds 


2. Ask us to reserve bonds which you will be able to pay 
for in the next month or two. 

Start investing on the Partial 
initial payment, followed by weekly or monthly depos- 
its on which we allow 77% interest. 


A clean record of no investment losses or delays in payment of 
principal or interest stands back of Miller Mortgage Bonds. They 
are secured bya first claim on valuable buildings, by a first 
claim on the earnings of those buildings, by monthlv peyments 
by borrowers to meet principal and interest, and by numerous 
other safeguards which we will be pleased to describe in detail. 


Call or write for booklet, “Creating Good Investments,” tell- 
ing how Miller First Mortgage Bonds are made and protected 


ILLER 


INCORPORATEDO 


- 


Payment Plan—l0% 


Atlanta, Georgia 


& (. 


x 


( 
- \ 


. 


 s Raw Materials Rise 
|.. As Deflation Pauses 


~i 
f 


may be ventured. The 


Downward Price Movve- 
ment of Past Year and 
Half Seems to Have at 
Last Reached Bottom. 


BY PAUL WILLARD GARRETT. 
Only by going back some fifty years 
to the period immediateiy following 


the civil war, or still another fifty 
years to that following the war of 
1812 and the Napoleonic wars, will 
there be found a break in wholesale 
prices so precipitous as that which the 
country experienced during the year 
ending with the middle of 1921. 
Whether the pause in decline that 
came then, when prices got within 50 
per cent of their 1913 level, indicates 
stabilization or represents simply a 
plateau from which soon they will 
either fall further or turn upward 
again is a question difficult to an- 
awer, but. upon which some guesses 
basis for a 
prophecy, of course, lies partly in what 
has happened the past year, or, to be 
more accurat., since May, 1920. 
A Year of Falling Prices. 

When wholesale prices in that 

month reached their peak at 272 (ac- 


CONDUCT YOUR OWN SALE 


Full particulars and instructions, 
based on experience of foremost 
specia] sale experts for only $5.00. 
Check with order. 


UNITED ADV. SERVICE 
406 Walton Bidg., Atlanta, Ga. 


Farquhar Slab Burner 


p 
The only Engine made that will steam on § 
green slabs on a rainy day in winter time QRam 


wt WOODRUFF 
Farquhar Double, Machinery Mfg. Co 


Belt Feed Sawmill 
41 S. Forsyth St. Atlanta, Ga 


a 


THE 
GLENDALF 
LINE 


Of Stationery, Schoo! Supplies 
and Druggists’ Sundries 


THE HIRSHBERG CO. 
ATLANTA, GA. 


ALLSTAR g 


Mail. Orders 
Filled Same 
Day Received 


AH-Star Man’f’g Co. 
ATLANTA, GA. 


' 


; 
} 


| 


— 


cording to the bureau ef labor sta- 
tistics index, which takes 1913 as 100) 


there began an abrupt downward 
swing that suffered no interruption 
for more than a year. The décline 
for the first month wag 1.1 per cent, 
but the recession gained momentum 
gradually until December, when the 
decline reached its maximum at &.7 
per cent for a single month. Begin- 
ning, then, with January, 1921, there 
came a distinct slackening in the pace 
of recession. Prices fell 6.4 per cent 
that month, and at a slower and slower 
rate théreafter until July, when they 
= nothing from the te level at 
148, 


Bradstreet’s and Duns’ index num- 
bers, although computed on another 
basis, do not differ from this general 
showing. All three agree that the re- 
cession gained momentum until about 
a year ago, that while substantial de- 
clines continued without interruption 
throughout the first half of 1921, they 
were at a smaller and smaller rate, 
and that the recent low point was 
reached about June. Prices up to 
that time had fallen roughly 45 per 
cent from the 1920 peak, but were as 
a whole still well ebove pre-war levels. 

Foreign Prices Also Drop. 

Commodity prices in various coun- 

tries often move toge.her, and the do- 
mestic movement since early in 1920 
has had a striking counterpart in that 
abroad. The peaks in British, French, 
Norwegian, Swiss, Egyptian, Austra- 
lian, Japanese, New Zealand, Indian 
and Canadian prices were all reached 
during the fore part of 1920, and each 
shared an irregular but persistent re- 
cession lasting through the first half 
of 1921. The lines of movement from 
then on became more confused. Ger- 
man prices naturally have behaved 
with little regard to those elsewhere, 
Fresh issues of paper money and the 
c.lapse in German exchange - still 
force German prices to new high rec- 
ords, each month, until they now stand 
” thirty-three times their pre-war 
evel, 
While the 1920 peak prices here 
did not go nearly as high, relatively, 
as those in.most other countries, the 
1920-1921 recession in the United 
States up to June of the past year was 
much more drastic. The fall here was 
45 per cent, in Great’ Britain 42, 
France 45, Sweden 41, Norway 37, 
Denmark 37, Italy 24, Holland 53, Ja- 
pan 40, Canada 32, Australia 31 and 
India 18 per cent. 
prising, then, that deflation abroad in 
many countries did not halt when the 
low point for 1921 was reached bere, 


The Movement Since June. 

Greater difficulty comes with an at- 
tempt to say how prices have moved in 
this country since June. Even’ the 
index numbers, which are in substan- 
tial agreement up to June, have not 
since then shown the same behavior. 
Our best-weighted index, that made 
by the bureau of labor statistics to 
represent the whole system of whole- 
sale prices, stands now virtually at the 
June level. Its low point was reached 
at 148 for June, which point was also 
held for July. The August figure ad- 
vanced to 152, where it held for Sep- 
tember; it dropped slightly to 150 for 
October, and to 149 for November. 

Dun’s weighted index since early 
last summer in an irregular move- 
ment has managed to gain four 
points. Changes for intervening 
months do not agree always in degree 
or direction with those shown by the 
bureau, but all discrepancies may be 
traced to the food groups with which 


Jobbers -— Importers 


January Trade Boosters 


Write Today For 


McCLURE’S NEWS (January Catalog) 
Sent to Merchants Only 


McClure Ten Cent Co. 


Distributors Atlanta 


IVAN ALLEN, President 


Cc. M. MARSHALL, Secy.-Treas. 


THE OFFICE OUTFITTERS 


Ivan Allen-Marshall Ca 


ccessors to Fielder 
TLANTA 


Allen 
A 


IVAN \ALLEN-MARSHALL CO. 


Several vears ago Mr. J. W. Fielder 
retired from the presidency of the 
Fielder & Allen Co. and sold his con- 
trolling interest to Ivan Allen and C. 
M. Marshall, who became president and 


secretary-treasurer, respectively. 


We now announce the change in 
name to 


Ivan Allen-Marshall 
Company 


This old established house will under 
the new name with the same officers, 
employees and connections, at the old 
location, be in better position to serve 
the entire sutheast with commercial 
stationery, office and bank furnture. 


This opportunity is taken to express 
our appreciation of your past patron- 
age and the hope for its continuance 
in the future, based on the merits of 
quality end service. 


It is not so sur-; 


Dun’s computation is too heavily 
weighted. 

Bradstreet’s unweighed index has 
pointed upwards almost every month 
since early summer for a net gain of 
7 points. Not until December 1 did it 
show so much as a fractional loss. The 
sharper rise in this index is illumi- 
nating. While Bradstreet’s index is 


the most poorly weighted of the three, 
it possesses a distinct sphere of use- 
fulness in that it carries a larger pro- 
portion of raw materials. This makes 
it more valuable as a forecaster, since 
raw material prices are more sensi- 
tive to underlying conditions than 
those for finished goods. ‘The index 
of twelve basic raw materials made 
by the federal reserve bank at New 
York got as low as 101 on August 22, 
but by December was up to 110. This 
bears out the showing of Bradstrect’s 
computations. When the raw mate- 
rial prices carried in the bureau’s in- 
dex are separated from those for fin- 
ished goods, moreover, as the federal 
reserve board has done, they, too, 
point upwards during recent months. 
Bradstreet’s index reached its peak 
for 1920 three months before Dun’s 
and the bureau’s compilations. It 
touched its 1921 low on June 1, some- 
what ahead of the other two, and it 
is not surprising that its slight up- 
ward trend since then should have 
been more pronounced. : 

Some Things That Seem Clear. 

It seems clear, then, that whole- 
sale commodity prices in general 
touched their lowest point for 1921 
about June, at the culmination of an 
uninterrupted swing downwards last- 
ing more than a year. Price move- 
ments during the last half of 1921 fall 
in another category. ‘They haye been 
hesitant, with about as frequent small 
advances as declines, but, all in all, 


prices have gained slightly . more 
ground than they have lost. Raw ma- 
terials at wholesale, which are the 
leaders in price movements, have 
pushed forward distinctly to higher 
levels. Even living costs, which or- 
dinarily lag behind the movement of 
wholesale prices, seem to have found 
a more stable level during recent 
months and have varied only frac- 
tionally since summer. Wholesale 
prices in Japan, which is the only 
other country on a strictly gold basis, 
reached their peak in 1920 before 
those here and have. advanced since 
April. Prices still point downwards 
in many European countries, but at a 
slackening rate. 


Deflation Has Been Uneven. 
Deflation has proceeded in uneven 
fashion to a distressing degree, and 
herein lie serious obstacles to a 
speedy restoration of business activity. 
Prices of one kind have fallen well 


below their 1913 level, while others | 
remain more than ty ice as high. Old | 
relations are broken.-Farmers get less | 
now for their corn, oats, barley, beef | 


cattle, hogy, sheep, lambs’ wool, flax- 


‘seed, hay, calfskins and hides than 


before the war, but pay frum one and 
one-half to twice as much for what 
they buy. Before the war 3.4 bushels 
of wheat would buy a ton of soft coal. 
Now it takes five bushels. Tin sells 
at 60 per cent of pre-war, while steel 
rails are still at 61 per cent above. 
Rubber is at one-fifth its 1915 price, 
while paper still sells at more than 
twice its pre-war level. ‘This means 
that, while rubber and paper both 
sold at 100 in 1913, rubber has fallen 
to 20 and paper has jumped to 211. 
On the same basis, coffee is now 73 
and tobacco 289. ‘These disparities 
have been called, somewhat inaccu- 
rately, to be sure, “maladjustments” 
in commodity prices. 

The inaccuracy lies in the assump- 
tion that 1913 relations will be re- 
stored. Obviously this does not fol- 
low. Prices in 1913 show many such 
“maladjustments”’ when compared 
with those for 1909, and it is inevita- 
ble that stabilization in 1922 or later 
will bring relations not known in 
1913. Nothing in the outlook at pres- 
ent, for example, indicates that rub- 
ber and paper prices will soon meet 
again. Stabilization, however, is cer- 
tain to smooth away many of the 
present obvious disparities, and it is 
not unreasonable to expect that this 
will be one of the impertant develop- 
ments during the months immediately 
ahead. 

Where Deflation Has Come. 

A comparison of current wholesale 
prices by significant groups leaves no 
doubt where deflation has been heav- 
iest and where lightest. Farm prod- 
uct prices at wholesale, as shown by 
the bureau of labor statistics, stand 
now within 14 per cent of their 1913 
average, while cloths and clothing 
are 86: and house furnishing goods 
118 per cent above. Metals and metal 
products, in like manner, are only 
19 per cent above pre-war, while fuel 
and lighting are 86 and building ma- 
terials 97 per cent above. Food id 
42 per cent higher than in 1913. When 
the commodities that make up these 
classes are regrouped it becomes 
clear that raw materials have under- 
gone sharpest deflation and during 
the last half of 1921 found a more 
stable level than otaer groups. Prices 
of finished goods, many of them, have 
further to go. Consumers’ goods, if 
our available statistics can be trusted, 
have shown more substantial advances 
during the last six months than pro- 
ducers’ goods. Prices of goods im- 
ported suffered a sharper loss of 


MERCHANTS 
ATTENTION! 


? 


Are You Handling 


ARMY GOODS 


The Surplus Property Divi- 
sions of the United States Army 
and Navy will dispose of millions 
of dollars worth of merchandise 


during 1922. 


This merchandise will be dis- 
tributed to the public through 
commercial chanhels. 


GET IN LINE TO DIS- 
TRIBUTE SOME OF 
THIS MERCHANDISE 
TO THE PEOPLE OF ~ 
YOUR COMMUNITY 


Send For Our Catalog 


H. & L. Epstein 


Department 15 


ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI 


WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTORS 
OF ARMY and NAVY GOODS 


-. 


Confidence 


and Lesions ense 
Needed for 1922 


BY JAMES J. RAGAN, . 
President Atlanta Merchants’ and Manufacturers’ Association, 


BY JAMES !. RAGAN, 
President Atlanta Merchants and 
Manufacturers’ Association. . 
The things most needed for good 
business in the year 1922 are confi- 
dence and common sense. 


Confidence is needed by every per- 
son who has or could have a bank 
account—confidence sufficient to lead 
him to put his money freely on de- 
posit in his local bank. ere is 
every evidence that a large amount 
of currency is held by ‘the people in 
chimney pots or in their stockings and 
not placed in the bank. ‘This neces- 
sarily weakens the condition} of all 
banks and limits their ability to func- 
tion in a manner that will most quick- 
ly put business on a nofmal basis. It 


some banks going into the hands of 
the state banking department, Which 
in turn tends, more thany anything 
else, to destroy confidence in that lo- 
cal community. 

The people need confidence that 
prices of necessities are back to B 
reasonable level and that they can 
purchase their needs now. Overhead 
costs must be reduced and retail 
prices to consumers approach much 
nearer to the price of the raw com- 
modity. 

Confidence is required that a mer- 
chant will live up to his contract, 
and that when an order is placed by 
a merchant with the manufacturer 
or his jobber, that he will accept and 
pay for the goods as per agreement. 

Renewed confidence is absolutely 
necessary between the debtor and his 
various creditors in this section. There 
must be a renewal of confidence that 
obligations will be met at maturity, 
or else satisfactory settlement will be 
arranged. ‘There is still outstanding 
a very large amoynt of unsatisfied in- 
debtedness from 1920 and 1921. These 
must be clared up and satisfactory 
arrangements made whereby the party 
who has put out his money or goods 
can be assured that payment will be 
forthcoming. 

We are assured by no less authority 


is this tendency that has resulted in| 


‘must be enough food stuff raised on 


than Governor W. P. G. Harding, of 
the federal reserve bank at Washing- 
ton, that fundamental banking and 
business conditions are much sounder 
and that we may look for an expand- 
ed business in 1922. 


However strong fundamental con- 
ditions may be, unless the frame of 
miad is confident that conditions are 
sound, business caunot be good. Our 
frame of mind or our feelings control 
our actions. 


It is imperative that there be a 
return of courage and confidence in 
the business world before we can ex- 
pect any substantial or sustained 
progress in business. 

Common sense is needed in the 
south as applied to farming. With 
the presence of the boll weevil in the 
cotton growing states, most particu- 
larly the south Atlantic states, it is 
absolutely necessary that common 
sense be applied to farming. There 


our farms to sustain the people and 
cotton should ve practically a by- 
preduct. Whatever cotton is ginned 
will be so much clear gain. 


All measures which have been ac- 
claimed to combat the boll weevil are 
purely defensive measures and none 
have yet been advanced which are of- 
fensive, or which would tend to ex- 
terminate him. ‘The best that seems 
to be hoped for is that cotton can 
be matured before tie boll weevil is 
prepared to destroy it. Nothing has 
yet been found which will effectively 
destroy the boll weevil himself. 

In conclusion, I believ@ that condi- 
tions are much better at the end of 
1921 than they were the same time 
last year, and that ae show 
improvement during the ext twelve 
months. The period of depression is 
behind us, but there is still a slow 
and gradual] process of necessary re- 
adjustment in wages and prices to 
balance the deflated price of com- 
modities. With common sense in 
diversifying farm crops and the re- 
turn of confidence in the business 
world, we can expect a gradual and 
sustained improvement in 1922. 


The New Year Holds Much 
Of Good for All the People 


By MARTIN V. CALVIN, 
Statistician, Georgia Department of Agriculture. 


In many respects 1921 was a year 
of crises, disappointments and losses. 
The farmers, on whose industry the 
whole world depends, did wondrously 
well as shown by the results achieved. 
The boll weevil, the disordered trade 
conditions, the inexcusable delay in 
legislation on the part of congress, 
which delayed the removal of the em- 
bargo which war measures placed on 
exports, the resultant low. price of 
cotton, ete., unitedly spread over 
every section of the United States an 
atmosphere of demoralization. Hav- 
ing in mind the conditions alluded to, 
one might say that every cow-path, 
every country lane and every high- 
way was a dolorous way. It is a 
matter for congratulations that, when 


| fell for 


i; business for next year. 


such conditions are prevalent, there 
are, here and there all along the way, 
“between times’—pastures new and 
creen, and the purling of the brook! 

Moreover, we are an “up and at 
them’ people. Exampies need not be 
mentioned. You have only to look 
backward to see many of them. 

The purpose of this letter is to 
make a comparison between 1921 and 
a smooth pre-war year, 1910, in order 
to bring out and utilize certain facts 
which should not fail to be reassuring 
if not inspiring. 

Tt has been repeatedly stated in 
this correspondence that a just com- 
parison is impossible between any 
pre-war year and any war-year, or 
an immediately post-war year, in dol- 
lars and cents. Why not make such 
compgrison? Because of the want of 
yurchasing power of the dollar in the 
years of the second instance com- 
pared with the purchasing power of 
the dollar of the year or years of the 
first instance. So we speak in terms 
of bushels, pounds or tons as the case 
may demand. 

It is not proposed to weight this 
article with a mass of statistics, but 
to state some facts and lay before 


you some figures that will be enlight- 


~ 


ening to a considerable number of 
readers. 

In 1910 we produced 1,750,000 
bales of cotton, and what were re- 


garded as very satisfactory crops of 
corn, oats, wheat, potatoes, hay, ete. 
In 1921, notwithstanding all our dif- 
ficulties—boll weevil, drought, ete., 
we produced 4,258,000 bushels of 
corn, 2,409,000 bushels of oats, 905,- 
OOO bushels of Irish potatoes, 2,755,- 
QUO bushels of sweet potatoes, 34,000 
bushels of rye, 594,000 bushels of 
cow peas. 3,237,000 bushels of peaches 
and 2.335.000 bushels of peanuts more 
than in 4910. In addition we pro- 
duced 6,808,000 pounds of tobacco, 
387,000 tons of hay. 2,189,000 pounds 
of pecans, 2,011,000 gallons of cane 
syrup and 2,490,000 Yallons of sor- 
ghum syrup more than in 1910. The 
ten leading bushel crops of 1921 ex- 
ceeded those of 1910 by 14,950,000 
bushels. So. without reference to 
our crop of 840,0v0 bales of cotton, 
1921, was a pretty good year in food 


crops. 

Cotton 1910—1,750.000 bales at 
15.25¢c, value $133,437,500. 

Cotton 1921—840,000 
15.87¢, value $66.666,000. 

Difference in favor of 1910, $66,- 
771,500, 

On account of the unsettled condi- 
tion of the country, readjustment 
has proceeded slowly, and prices are 
awry. The price of farm products are 
low; the prices of retailers are still 
unreasonably high. The retailers 
should see and act upon their duty 
in the premises, and cut prices to 
suit the times. 

Let us compare the prices of a 
few farm products in 1910 with those 
of 1921: In the former year corn 
was 78 cents a bushel; in the latter 
year, the price is 583 cents a bushel. 
In 1910 oats sold at 64 cents a bushel: 
in 1921 90 cents. In 1910 wheat sold 
at $1.30 a bushel; in 1921 $2. In 


bales at 


_—_ -—_ 


goods exported, and by the middle of debts. 


last year had fallen very near to the 
pre-war level. Recovery came within 
both groups during the last half of 
the year, but the smarter gains were 


made in the group of goods exported, 
largely through an appreciation in cot- 
ton prices, 

A Forecast for 1922. 

A forecast of prices for 1922, since 
past performances do not aid greatly 
in times like these, must be made with 
the candid recognition that only a few 
of the underlying factors which will 
govern their course have yet come to 
the surface. Fewer still can be in- 
terpreted properly. Weather condi- 
tions, Europe's paper money, Russia, 
r-parations, labor difficulties, freight 
rates, and congressional action are 
ouly some of the important factors 
into which neither prophets nor sta- 
tistics can inquire. The task is not 
altogether he cless, however, even 
with the peculiar uncertainties which 
surround today’s situation. Some 
things are known about future prices, 
A number of things in recent months 
indicate the direction that wholesale 
prices may-reasonably take for at 
least a part of next year. 

Projections of the price curve into 
1922, it must be understood, indicate 
nothing for the long-period swing to 
1930 or later. ‘There are those who 


| believe, and with some good reason- 


ing on their side, that »rices will fall 
over a long period of years. Prices 
thirty years following both 
1914 and 1865, the only two peaks of 
our price line which resemble that 
made in 1920. Situations, of course, 
have changed, and possession here of 
so large a share of the world’s gold 
supply, with the enormous importa- 
tion in 1921 totaling about $700,000,- 
000, argues possibly for higher com- 
modity prices. It may afford a basis, 
some think, for a so-called period of 
‘secondary inflation.” Much de- 
pends, of course, upon what ne 
countries do with their budgets. What- 
ever direction prices take in future 
years, there is no reason to expect 
them to move in a straight line. Prices 
in the immediate future may be con- 
sidered, then, without too much 
thought for the distant future. 
Greater Business Activity. 
Higher prices come with greater 
business activity, which incites 
stronger bidding for commodities. 
Fresh signs are beginning to appear, 
indicating an increasing volume of 
Among them 
all, however, no very brilliant recov- 
ery is indicated for the agricultural 
sections, to which dealers must look 
for consumption of so large a portion 
lof their goods. At least another year 


will be needed, probably, to free 
majority of the farmers from pressing 


1 
' 


Not until then can they buy 
freely, 

Greater building activity is forecast 
for the coming year, and even during 
1921 this industry reached the sound- 
cit position held since the war. Impa- 
tience to put through construction 
work long delayed may swell the vol- 
ume of new building next year so 
greatly that thorough deflation of 
building material price will not come 
immediately. 

The general volume of manufac- 
ture, which reached a low point about 
mid-summer for most groups, has 
turned upward in unmistakable de- 
gree. This betterment has been 
shared to a greater or less extent by 
sich groups as iron and steel, tex- 
tiles, lumber, paper, leather, food and 
tobacco. 

Wages have not come down as much 
as most employers believe imperative 
for proper adjustment’ to deflation 
elsewhere. Disputes in the next few 
months may cause strikes. Wholesale 
prices, of course, are very sensitive to 
such difficulties. Lower wages and 
lower railway rates would greatly re- 
duce production costs. 

Deflation in business has turned 
into the investment markets vast 
funds which Mp ad would not be 
there. Owneré of these fund& are 
simply awaiting surer signs of\ re- 
covery, before taking up again their 
business ventures. Release of larger 
funds for business enterprise is cer- 
tain to come next year, and this means 
bidding for commodities, or, in other 


words, higher prices. 


Summary. 

Even though prices are destined to 
fall over a long period of years, their 
direction for a part of 1922 may be 
upwards. Raw material prices at 
wholesale, which are a leader of the 
commodity group, have already shown 
slight improvement since the early 
summer. One of ‘he most important 
considerations is the correction of 
inany Obvious disparities between the 
prices of various groups of commodi- 
ties. Weare in possession of a strong 
etedit structure, whieh still improves. 
Transfers of large funds from invest- 
ment securities into business ventures 
once more would stimulate bidding for 
commodities. There are unmistakable 
signs of business improvement already 
under way, but of the pace at whicb 
th* .gs will move forward, which is a 
material factor in determining what 
prices will do, we still know little. 
yesh disturbances fron. abroad, of a 
nature to darken hopes here, are al- 
ways on the horizon, and their devel- 
opment might have a depressing effect 


Atlapta Retail Merchants in 1922 


BY IVAN E. ALLEN, 
2 President Atlanta Retail Merchants’ Association. 


ing there. 

1 congratulate the Atlanta mer- 
chants on coming through the battle 
and now being on the top of the hill 
and at the end of my administration 
as president of the Retail Merchants 
association of Atlanta, my wish and 
determination for 1922 is to help 
crake the new administration break ali 
E ‘evious records. 

One of the natural results of the 
past period of “price reductions is the 
popular disappointment over the un- 
even and eratic movement of retail 
costs. The housewife who reads of 
the tremendous slump in the price of 
oranges finds it difficult to under- 
stand why she can not buy orange 
mamalade at equally reduced prices 
and the man who sees the published 
statement that woolen manufacturers 
have cut their prices 40 per cent won- 
ders why he can't buy the suit of 
clothes be wants at a correspondingly 
reduced cost. 

The explanation is, of course, a per- 
fectly simple one. ‘The oranges in 
the marmalade which the housewife 
buys were purchased before the slump, 
as were the glass jars and other ele- 
ments of manufacture. And the 
grower and the retail clothier prob- 
ably are still paying abnormally high 
rent and still working under the han- 
dicap of high service costs of all kinds. 
As a consequence the full benefit of 
the wholesalers’ price cut can not be 
passed on to the consumer immediate- 
ly without disaster to the retailer. 


slow and more or. less jerky one. It 
takes time and patience and entails 
sacrifice on the part of everyone con- 
cerned from original producers to ul- 
timate consumer. The hardest hit in- 
terest in the process, as a general 
thing, has been the retailer. At the 
beginning of the downward movement 
of prices his shelves were loaded with 
goods bought at war-time costs. ‘To 
a large extent he has been the shock- 
absorber during the down turn. He 
has had to take big losses over and 
over again and he is stil] taking them. 
And with them he has had to take, 
too, much unmerited abuse. 


of course, just as there has been prof- 
iteering among manufacturers and 
workers and landlords and capitalists. 


1910 sweet potatoes sold at 58.5 cents 
a bushel; in 1921 96 cents. 

There is no “royal road” to an ad- 
justment of prices or trade  condi- 
tions generally. The happy medium 
between the extremes wrought by war 
can be aa@rived at by the retailers 
wheeling right into line with the pro- 
ducers—each cheerfully conceding to 
the other the rightfulness of a living 
compensation for service 
performed and a fair profit to those 
who exefcise themselves in the do- 
main of trade. It would be a glorious 
thing if producer and merchant were 
to return for a while to “barter and 
trade’ as was the custom not very 
many years ago—the merchant tak- 
ing the fariner’s corn, butter, chick- 
ens, turnips, etc., at the farmer’s 
price, and paying for the same at once. 
Then the farmer would purchase for 
cash at prices current such of the 
merchant’s goods as he desired. No 
embarrassment would come to the 
“third party” i. ¢., the consumer from 
this good old time trade process, Con- 
fidence would be restored and genu- 
ine community interest would be re- 
vived. 

Based on his intimate personal 
knowledge of the situation, 
made the spring of 1865 forever his- 
toric, and his knowledge of the situa- 


panic, 1873-1878, the writer is per- 
fectly confident that the seemingly 
impossible will be made possible, more 
than that—probable; more than that 
—practically, fait accomli. The forces 
are thoughtfully and diligently at 
work all over the land; the situati@ * 
is so ra in hand that we may f= 
peat—faii accompli—the long desigd 
result has heen accomplished. Th? 
details will be thrown upon the can 
vas much earlier than you believe it 
possible. 

Let us all turn about. Let’s all stop 
croaking. “The past is in the eternal 
past ;” the present is ours; the future 
will be ours if we are true to our- 
selves, 

Just takg into consideration, if you 
please, the climate, the soil, the pos- 
sibilities of progress and wealth in 
every walk in life in Georgia. I did 
not say “Grand Old Georgia!” It is 
not necessary that she should be so 
designated. Her record in all the 
years of her colonial history and of 
her statehood is so respleadent she 
needs no title! 

* 


Efforts to make use of airplanes 
for the purpose of assisting in the ef- 
forts to scale high mountains have 
not been attended with any great 
success. In the Alps the varying con- 
ditions of the snow surface has been 
a serious detriment to making land- 
ings and “getaways.” Again, on 
heights above 15.000 feet the rarity of 
the air begins to affect the steering 
and control of an airplane. At 20,000 
feet. pilots say, control for landing is 
doubtful and at sill higher levels it 
is imnosible. Of course, nianes have 
climbed to more than 36,000 feet with 
the pilots kept alive by oxygen. But 
these have been straight up and down 
achievements. This is largely why 
+he airplane idea has been given up on 
Mt. Everest. 


The process of price: reduction is a | 


| Ragan-Malone Company 
Wholesa'e Dry Goods. Suits, 


Notions, Coatsand Furnishings 
ATLANTA 


H. MENDEL & Cod. 


Wholesale Dry Goods, Notions, Ladies’ 
and Misses’ Ready-to-Wear, Men’s and 
Furnishing 


which | 


tion of the ever-memorable five years | 


There has been retail profiteering, 


faithfully | 


| 


| 
| 


| 


Half the battle is being om the hill But the great bulk of retailers has 
top first and the other half is sta@y-).:o04 the gaff and taken the losses 


in a fine spirit of co-operation, and 
with the courage and honesty and fore- 
sight that have made the Atlanta re- 
tailers one of ‘the greatest merchants 
in the world. The buying public bas 
had a pretty square deal from the At- 
lanta storekeepers and in the long re 
construction period which still lies 
ahead the people may rest assured re- 
duced costs of production will be 
passed on to the consumer just as 
speedily as is humantly possible. 


tion’s purchase of. 


the United States has been 


American Locomotive company at am . 


estimated cost of $2,600,000. The con- 
tract calls for construction of Pacific, 
Mikado and Mallet types of 

The railroad ordering this new . 
ment is owned by the Chinese gov- 


ernment, and the financing has been 


arranged jointly between the Ameri« 
ean Locomotive company and Mitsui 


& Co. 

This is added evidence of the grow- 
ing recognition of American supremacy 
in the construction of railway equip- 
ment. ‘ 


MONCRIEF 


You Think of a 
2 Phones 


MONC 
That Will Keep Your House Warm 


John Silvey 


WHOLESALE DRY GOODS, NOTIONS AND 
MEN’S FURNISHINGS | 


114 Marietta Street, Atlanta 
By the Federal Reserve Bank 


& Company 


oaeintemmnid 


Boys’ Clothing, 
97-99 S. Pry or St. 


Goods. 
Atlanta, Georgia 


rubber products. 


Rubber Is One of the 


Best Investments 


On the market today and especially in the 
south where there are few manufacturers of 


The Success of the Victory Rubber 
Company 
Tn the Jast vear has conclusively proven that 
there is a great outlet in this section of the 
eountry for its products. 


Maufacturers of the 


FAMOUS SEALTYTE INNER TUBE ' 


259 Peachtree St. 


Victoey Rubber Mfg. Co. 


Factory: East Point, Ga. 


Atlanta, Ga. 


REPAIR STOCKS 


RUBBER HEELS 


a ree 


RIDLEY - YATES COMPANY 
WHOLESALE _ Fag 
DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS 
33 MADISON AVENUE 
Fronting Terminal Station ¥ 


It will be to your advantage to see us before 
buying your Spring Dry Goods. 


—_— 


Our Opening Message for 1922 


By using the proper merchandising methods you can make this year 
of 1922 one of the best of your business career. 


Ist.—-You must have confidence in yourself and believe you can. 
2nd.—You must own your merchandise at the right price. 
3rd.— You must have the kind of merchandise the trade will want. 


Having bought our merchandise on a basis of IIc and 11¥2c cotton we 
are in position to sell you so that you will own them at the lowest price— 
WORK FOR CASH TRADE—WE HAVE THE CASH PRODUCERS. 

We have assembled the kind and class of merchandise that the trade 
will demand. We gave a great deal of thought to this feature, for it is one 
of the most important of all, and unless you solve it you will not move your 
stock. We have the largest and most complete stock in our history—just 
ask some one who has visited our store lately. 

We propose to make this a good year both for ourselves and our cus- 
tomers. We are going to co-operate with them to the limit. 

If you wish to buy before our salesman comes to see you, either come to 
Atlanta or drop us a line and we will have him call. 


Yours for success 1922, 


A. M. ROBINSON COMPANY 


Dry Goods, Silks, Furnishing Goods, Notions, Shirts, Pants, Overalls 


ATLANTA, GEORGIA 


; 


' 


on prices. 
(Copyright, Her for The Constita- 


. 
, 
+o 


E* 
2 


Patch an 


ve -* 
ae pal 
ohh eae 
at} 
oO 2 
— 


— 


oe ig, 
a. 
+ 
r 
“, 
’ 
5 


story frame dwelling; cost $1,250. | McPherson avenue, one-story frame 
H. E. Clapper—292 North Jackson | ¢Welling ; cost $1, 


street, one-story brick veneer dwell- sce pgs oe 


ing; cost. $13,225. J. S. McCauler! dwelling; cost $1,400. 
contra D. Lowenstein—19 Boulevard arete, . 


pees 
+ : 


ee? 


oy ts 
=. x ‘ os aes ; one ; ah bat at yan ~ 4 Fe WRT FS ai 7 : ‘ 7 
Pre ¢ eae Sh ¥ ee ia ee ie x See x Piers a Arty vas! 2S Seta Whe ory : eke Oe, 4g Pi See Ce vs io 
423 ol ws - 


: Vee Wie? ee P; be ge | bo tee a - * 
- a hed he ag r ee gd sie eee 8 ge Sie era £ ae yas ’ y i n y ? 
> Re Wes, ee ay 2 Crt, 2S 4 dae a too : & aie =F iy eae ose, “a 7 HAY Pa DSR et Tee * Eee - Fy - Tere, Me et RE oy 2 ak) : - 
? } CS ae ae ‘ 2 Ree baie a ee a as 7 ’ * ey NOt oe et age ee g pidgt Mes SRA es ei . ’ j y 5 . 
EF en ars ~ AP ARee  RCHS ee pe oe Jag Sey ey ee - pnt i Somhre : Z : 
a es x ; * eee Nees i? ee 07> Ne pares t i ae 
’ Bo yF) . ae ‘ns rat eG. ee a TIS Eo Sg eto See i > 5 3D Ue a Sage re a SSA 
is ~ ; me Rik OP a Dee tence >*t ‘ of . fre : ES a) Og Ton” ? f f Sat 2 penny aa r ' oe . , a - 
y Pre = er } SAR - + 3 eo el : o te os tes ‘<r a mA 4) Cet ig ta ee’, 
g oe +. < es 3 4 , yey ¥ ia ; # ae * Eo ak fiRe mF hes 
en % Eee t Y OnLy toy e oe ore : » rr ae “ 3 - - age pet ee RR . APS NT, een: Nok ariet ae Ae eae Ce nA 
7 . Bg . ca = og ae, vi “* x . 2 ll at y A ve Ss - . ¥ “gh? “>. 4 mw BAL awa et ae - \; mA t pr." 4 
+ 4 x eS A 2 3 . 4 . ~~ ” - re y : oe ete ht nat As we Pra Se Gh ee nile hen Ah tee ote : y 
- y ‘ . . i . 4 r A eae no rs ae , r ee aN i ; . 
7 . . FES a Pe ; : r x . ss . : ae 54 oar : met 
¥ , ; - $ . ; : y , ' 7 a ' ins i é } Ss ey 
‘ . 4 S 0 : 4 bo 2 ‘ s , aan - * ‘ : .s : : 4 z ¢ " > . | : 
Z sama — . - . . . :; 4 sy 
+ ’ 2 
« A a > 
. 3 
F + ~ - 
- . VT " 
; " a — 
_ + 


i 


ge te 
¥ eae ee Oe | me s m 
: ae ee i PEPER. SS 
pa eek - ; cM - 2 
rm, - : ; : 
. _" ~~ _ — 
A a 
> . 


, ba 
~ 


Dek eS A Api Re : 
sag? “a . 
.. % SOF 
ee 1 Paes 
- rh Ad > » 
4 tas * 
BR ; 
n il “0 
_ a = ai 
. ° 
> 
. 


BUILDING PERMITS 
OF THE PAST WEEK 


oo . 
a 3 
te a 
®. 
ie i 4 
rey 
be 
‘4 
f 
.] 
i 
‘ 


onstruction World 


cash payment had sought loans to | 


build houses which the building and Bail ding Outlook for y | 922 | 


loan associations were unable to sup- 
ply. As money for mortgage pur- 
By G. L. MILLER, President, 


te. 


; 
a 
ah 
o 
+. 
¥ 
has, 
. " 


a 


AS 
3» 


* 
a ~ 
s a . 
a ; 

& 


i. 
* ¥ 
a 


Ee 


~ 


cs 


3 ter building activity th>re is little 
eo pect of a “runaway” market like 


Se 
= 
a 
te 
a 


Stabilization of Prices. 
_-Easier Credit and Labor 
‘Conditions — Improve- 
‘ment Already Under 
Way. 


* 


* 


; BY JOHN M. GRIES. 
Chief Division of Building and Hous- 
“ding Department of Commerce. 


“The building industry during the 
year 1921 has reached the soundest 
position which it has held egince the 
war. Judged by contracts awarded, 

g was nearly ata standstill at 
the first of the year, but made a good 
recovery, and now, at the end of the 
year, is holding up strong. But two 
years ago industry was in a period 
of | unhealthy activity, prices and 

were rising, labor was scarce 
less efficient than today, ma- 
terials were being held for speculative 
vises, and in some cases an actual 
ehortage existed. The transportation 
difficulties were adding to the confu- 
sion, and the cost of obtaining loans 
was excessive. 

Today conditions are different. 
Building costs have fallen, while con- 
striction activity has greatly increas- 
ed. Industry has been through a pe- 
riod of depression, the curve of price 
deflation has been flattening out, and 
Wages have tended downward follow- 
ing commodity prices. There is no 

rtage of labor (notwithstanding 
occasional shortage in certain 
trades), the efficiency of labor has 
bly increased in most places, the 
ders are increasing the efficiency 

‘their management, the railroads 

r able to meet any demand the 
truction industry may make on 

im, and the easing in the money 

et must sooner or ‘later reach 
spective builders. 

~ Price Inflation Improbable. 

e plant capacity of the producers 
he principal building materials ap- 
adequate, and even with much 


of 1920. Builders are not apt to 
show excessive baste under the bnsi- 
ness conditions which will probably 
ail, and any tendency toward a 
id rise in prices will readily be 


~ Sees Big Year Ahead 


checked. ‘There may be increases 


n 
certain products. For example, there 
e 


has been a noticeable advance in t 
price of some of the better grades of 
iumber, but any great inflation of 
building material prices ~eems out of 
the question. 

The figures for contracts awarded, 
as shown by the F. W. Dodge com- 
pany, which were at a relatively high 
point in the early months of 1920, 
showed a decline first in the amount 
of floor space and then in dollars, 
reaching the lowest point in Decem- 
ber of that year. January, 1921, 
showed an improvement. Measured in 
floor space, April, May and June 
showed an index of 74, 77 and 77, re- 
spectively, as compared with 100 for 
the 1919 monthly average. The index 
for July dropped to 68, while August 
was up to 76 and September to 90— 
higher than any month since April, 
1920. October was 87 and November 
81. This shows a healthier situation 
than the corresponding figures for the 
same period in 1920. A drop took 
place in July, 1920, to 60, a slight in- 
crease in August to 61, then a steady 
decline. September 56, October 55, 
November 41. The figure for Novem- 
ber, 1921, is 81, almost double that 
of November, 1920. 

Favorable Tendencies Noted. 

For many years the various groups 
interested in construction looked 
largely upon their own groups as en- 
tities more or less independent:of the 
other groups. Certain conditions and 
practices developed which were a han- 
dicap to the construction industry. 
Some of these were widespread and 
others more or less loéal. During the 
last few years certain conditions and 
practices became more aggravating, 
and during the last year especially an 
earnest effort has been made to rem- 
edy conditions through the joint ef- 
forts of many different groups. 

A wideawake local community is 
the only means of keeping the build- 
ing program active. ‘To allow any 
element or fraction of the population 
to absorb all of the economies or sav- 


costs in building will tend to stop 
the activity, for the publie is not 
reudy nor willing to go ahead regard- 
less.. In line with this organizations 
have been created, composed of vari- 
ous elements of the population, such 
as architects, contractors, bankers, 
building material dealers, realtors and 
others. ‘To these are usually added 
representatives of labor and officers 
of building and loan associations, 
chambers of commerce, real estate 
boards, engineering societies and oth- 
ers are also actively interested in 


ings effected through a lowering of ; 


poses becomes easier to obtain these 
people will build. 

As long as prices of building ma- 
terials were falling there was much 
hesitation about building, but witb 
the steadying of prices more persons 
are ready to build. 

Judging by contracts awarded the 
greatest improvement in 1921 over 
1919 is found in hospitals and institu- 
tions, religious and memorial build- 
ings, public buildings, residentiaP 
buildings, public works, and public 
utilities, and social and recreational 
buildings. 

Industrial Building Lags. 


Comparatively few industrial build- 
ings have been erected during the 
past year. Measured in floor space 
industrial building in 1921 shows less 
than 30 per cent of the floor space of 
1919, and there will probably be but, 
little revival in this line until busi- 
ness conditions have improved decid- 
edly. During the war many plants 
were enlarged, and their capacities 
increased, and the facilities for pro- 
duction are more than adequate for 
today. The contracts awarded for the 
erection of industrial buildings will 
show no marked increase until the re- 
vival of business is well under way. 
Much of the present idle plant capac- 
ity will be in operation before new 
building is seriously considered, al- 
though many plants could to advan- 
tage get ready for the increase in 
business ahead. 

Business building has also been lag- 
ging during recent years. Although 
there has been some increased activ- 
ity in business building during recent 
months, the total for the year is far 
below the 1919 figures. But no great 
boom in such building can be expect- 
ed until business conditions show a 
decided improvement. 

Home Building Increases. 

Much of the recent activity has 
taken place in the building of homes. 
In October the value of residential 
construction amounted to 40 per cent 
of ali construction taking place in the 
twenty-seven northeastern states. In 
November it was 46 per tent. The 
percentage of residential construction 
in the New York district for Novem- 
ber amounted to 69 per cent of the 
total. This is probably due if part 
to tax exemption in the state of New 
fork. 

The prospect for increased activity 
in the construction of public works 
is good. As a result of the presi- 
dent’s unemployment conference 
many new contracts have been let. 
Wherever the funds are available it 
would seem to be a good time to ad- 
vance such work. There is much pub- 
lic building to be-done, and where the 
money has already been appropriated 
the new work should and will be un- 
dertaken. However, there will not be 
any great boom in this field, for few 
desire to increase greatly the tax- 
exempt securities outstanding, and 


housing and construction, and through 
the harmonious efforts of these groups 


“Contractors of Merit’’ 
7 S. Forsyth St. Main 4537. 


; 


@ eh | 


THE 
UNDATION 
COMPANY 


OUXNAAAAARY g 


“ « 
— a... * . 
> » . : 


Contractors 
and 
Engineers | 


eae 
oe 
‘en 
S 


< “es 
2 i 1 » ne at i 
‘ap ee — aM 4 i m3“ * * 
A “= Pn Aree eee | es i ak ¥ , 
Yet See D>. oriteds = - ke 
ee aH aaa ee mtg " i 
hog + ie “A 4 
+ a4! ee 
: os Migs > 
Se e. , ne « 
£ . a ge ee — 6 
7 , yy ws . ~*~ 
q , nd 
aan r 
2 
z 
“ . 
. 
: 


RRA ERA NAAND KES ANDREAE | 


— 


SAAS SERNA LAR” 


© | wuiuunmnunaa ) 


; - 
c . 


SAAS A ete FEAR ANLS RRM VAAN 


URT BUILDING 
ATLANTA 


EW YORK CHICAGO 
NEW ORLEANS 


at wt » . - 
SreCRA SS PVR 


\ 


2 
+ 
~ 


‘AN SSA 


| house for the construction industry. 


face brick during the last year has 
been far below the production of 1919. 


| bir 50 
| figurest 


| be a shortage of bricks in some cities, 
| but there is every reason to believe 
that the brick industry will produce 
' the needed supply, for the plant ca- 
| pacity is. much in excess of present 
| production. 
| having no special difficulty in mak- 
'ing shipments. The price of common 


| $2h per thousand in the spring of 
1920 to about $144n November of this 


|ports received from: more than 4,000 


the evil practices which had prevail- , 


-ed in some of our cities are being} 
‘ removed, a better understanding has! 


been reached, and constructive work | 
is being done. 
Co-operative Activities. | 
Several national orgahizations are | 
also working along the same general | 
lines. As evidence of the spirit of 
co-operation we find such national or- 
ganizations as the Associated General 
(Contractors of America, the National 
Federation of Construction Industries 
and the National Congress of the| 
tuilding and Construction Industry ' 
actively working to remove restric-— 
tions and certain bad practices that | 
have developed in the construction in- 
dustry. i 
The American Institute of Archi-? 
tects has taken an active interest in| 


the small house problem. The Archi- |} 
tects Small House Service Bureau of 
the United States, supported by the 
institute, has designed plans for three, 
four, five and six-room houses, which 
are being furnished to prespective 
builders for a nominal fee. 

The division of building and hous- 
ing in the department of commerce 
was created in part as a clearing 


This division, which is a part of the 
bureau of standards, is receiving the 
active co-operation of all groups inter- 
ested in construction and housing. 

A few products, such as lumber, 
brick, cement and steel make up a 
very high percentage of the total cost 
of materials used in building. ‘There 
are other important items but the 
supply and prices of the four named 
above are of great importance. 

Amply Productive Capacity. 

The plant capacity, of the sawmills 
is adequate to take care of any build- 
ing program that may take place, 
for normally they have a capacity far 
in excess of production. The lumber 
industry can easily take care of any 
ordinary increase in building, although 
a quick boom would result in a short- 
eee of certain grades with a rapid 
advance in prices. Shipping facili- 
ties have improved very much, so that 
there should be no difficulty in making 
deliveries. That lumber prices may 
rise somewhat, is very likely, although 
there is little indication that the 
change will be very great. ‘There 
has been a slight reduction in the 
stockg of lumber in the vards of many 
of the members of the Southern Pine 
association during the last few 
months. 

The production of common brick and 


The production of face brick, how- 
ever, during the last few months has 
surpassed the production of the cor- 
responding months in 1920. Although 
stocks of fireclay brick are almost 
up to the 1919 level, the stock of 
fuce briek in sheds and kilns is prob- 

t in excess of the 1919 
“building continues active 
during thé winter months there may 


The brick industry is 


brick in New York bas fallen from 


year. 

The production and shipment of 
cement have been increasing and the 
prices have been falling. ‘There is no 
need to expect a shortage in cement 
production, although the road build- 
ing programs will call for large quan- 
tities. Calling the price of Portland 
cement at New York 100 for 1918, 
the index for August, 1920, was 326; 
in August, 1921, it was 175, and. the 
price is lower today. 

Building Prospects in 1922. 

There is a shortage of approximate- 
ly a million homes in the United 
States. With the decline in the cost 
of building in the last few months 
many houses have been built. The 
two principal reasons why few houses 
were built were the difficulty of fi- 
nancing the prospective home owner 
and the hich cost of building. The 
cost of building has fallen very ma- 
terially and the money market is 
easier. ‘That there is a market for 
more houses is evident from the re- 


building and loan associations in the 
United States. 

From many cities reports were re- 
ceived by the division of building and 


housing that thousands of persons, 
who were able to make a satiff, 


thereby withdraw money from produc- 

tive enterprises. 

(Copyright, 1921. for The Atlanta 
Constitution. ) 


Sees Increase 
In Prices Soon 


With Drop Later 


Cancellation of Allied Debts 
Might Help United 
States Trade. 


BY GEORGE 0. MAY, 


Formerly Member War Loan Staff, 
Treasury Department. 


“basic industry.” 


G. §. Miller & Company, Inc., Atlanta, Ga. 


As we look forward to building 
conditions and possibilities caijlateral 
thereto for 122, the question is, 
“What will the harvest be?’ From 
contractors, building supply dealers, 
architects and others, we are of the 
cecnviction that 1922 will show an op- 
timistic, continuous, expanding move- 
ment. so 

A¥ important question with all 
tenants—and, in fact, with every oib- 
er weli-wisuer for the goud of southern 
progress, is whether or not rentg will 
decrease, and how far, in 1922’ We 
beiieve rents will decrease. eal es- 
tate values are unusualiy high. ‘These 
should sustain a further deciine. De- 
fiation is apparentiy lLke a plague; 
it is no respector of commodities, With 
the rapid deciine in prices, real estate 
has gone siowly downward. We may 
logicaily expect real estate to decline 
for some time, with the possibie ex- 
ception of well-iocated building lots 
for residence purposes, 


no doubt about the whole south expe- 
riencing an unusual. era of building 
construction for the next 20 or 3vU 
years. It is unlikely our leading 
southern cities will be overbuilt for 
a long period of time. Hundreds of 
millions of doilars will be placed in 
southern building construction for 
generations, providing the structures 
erected are fireproof, sanitary, heaith- 
ful and well located. 

So far as Atlanta is concerned—and 
in Atlanta all of us have our great- 
est interest—we need fireproof struc- 
tures, or as nearly fireproof as hu- 
man ingenuity can make them. Let 
us hope for the new year that we 
will see an end of cheap “fire-trap” 
construction which deteriorates quick- 
ly, requires expensive upkeep, is a 
menace to sanitary livins. and which 
fall an easy victim to fire. Not a few 
of these will eventually pass into pos- 
session of those who lend money: on 
them, and will then become a “white 


One of the heavy costs in construc- 
tion is labor. 
for labor to sustain a decrease, this, | 
to us, seems inevitable, if rents are’ 
to decline. We think, therefore, la- 
bor costs will show a lower trend be-| 
fore the end of 1922. Rents will cheap- 
en, money become easie for building 
purposes, as real estate depreciates | 
and labor costs normalize. Reasonable ' 
‘abor costs, reasonable rents and low- 
er money costs for building purposes 
will do a great deal toward building 
up the south along solid, substantial 
lines. 

That deflation and shrinkage in 
values may be properly safeguarded 
against—if I may be permitted a per- 
sonal reference—our company is in- 
terested -in developing and beautify- 
ing southern cities with high-grade, 
fireproof structures, capable of earn- 
ing an ample income for many years. 
In order tw protect our bondholders 
in their investments, and in order to 
make up for any reduction in the 
above items, our company requires a 
certain amount to be repaid each 
year out of the earnings, and thus 
gradually pay off mortgages which we 
underwrite, through a sinking fund. 

Great Building Era Here. 

The building industry is called a 
It is one of the 
great factors in the permanent pros- 
perity of a country. This continued 
construction provides employment for 
thousands of skilled workers, enables 
the employment of idle funds to use- 
ful purposes, serves the need of real 
estate owners and fulfills the essential 
purposes of providing stores, offices 
and homes for our civilization. 

In all of 21 leading southern cities 
there is an unfilled°demand for homes, 
apartment structures, office buildings, 
hotels and other income-bearing prop- 
erties. In fact, in many of these 21 
leading cities, there is scarcely a fire- 
proof apurtmént structure. Due to 
the hosts of people who constantly 
seek the south:because of opportunity 
for growth and advancement here, due 
to the great number of large northern 
manufacturing concerns who are seek- 
ing the south as an outlet for their 
products, who desire agencies in 
southern cities—thus bringing in new 
families to fill up apartments, resi- 
dences and office buildings—there is 


“a happy people. 


elephant” in the hands of the lender. 


As hard as it may be} These are shoddy investments for the 


first owners, or builders, as well as 
subsequent owners. Their mortality 
rate is heavy and tenants, owners and 
mortgagees eventually flee them in 
disgust. 
Build For Permanency. 

Compare this, if you please; with 

solid fireproof, or semi-fireproof struc- 


tures which are economical in upkeep, 
long income-bringing, siow in deteriv- 
ration; which promotes health and 
sanitation; pleasing in design; a good 
advertisement for Atianta; a 
basis for a loan and whieh fulfills a 
real economic necessity. Let us fer- 
vently hope that building laws every- 
where will be enforced; that the end 


of poorly constructed buildings will ' 


cease; let this not only apply to un- 
sightly dwellings and apartments, but 
to all buildings erected in the south. 
May we not hope that those who regu- 
late the building laws from our city 
halls will guard jealously all construc- 
tion, so that we may become famous 


for our well-built homes, apartments | 


and business buildings. We are the 
“Convention City” of the south. When 
these thousands of visitors leave our 
eity, let us have them say: “We be- 
lieve in Atlanta and her prosperity, 
because it is solidiy and permanently 
built.” This: company will not be 
guilty of ‘stamping its approval upon 
the construction of any building which 
does not fulfill, in its opinion, a real 
economie need and which must be sol- 
idly constructed, attractive in appear- 
ance and with every modern appoint- 
ment. 

As a people, we are possessed with 
wonderful latent fesources “beyond 
the power of human mind to compre- 
hend.” We have a basis for the cre- 
ation of employment and vast wealth 
in natural resources. We lead the 
wotld in potentialities. We have 
climate, geographical location and all 
the elements which go to ereate suc- 
cess and prosperity. We ought to be 
We ought to be an 
optimistic people. Let us all, for 1922, 
so regulate our employment that op- 
timism will radiate in an ever-widen- 
ing circle. For the building industry, 
there is nothing ahead but continuous 
nrosperity. 


The Credit Situation for 1922 


BY WILLIAM L. PERCY, 
President Atlanta Association of Credit Men. | 


It is hardly to be expected that the 
public at ‘arge can understand - the 


(Special to The Uonstitution.) 

In response to your inquiry, I look’ 
for a continuation during 1922 of a 
moderate recovery in general business, 
but see no reason to look for any 
great acceleration in the rate of re- 
vival. I see no important new fac-! 
tors likely to cause a setback to busi- 


ness during the coming year, but 
think the factors which caused the 
recession are still to a large extent 
operative. Because so many commod- 
ities have fallen below the cost of 
production, and because consumption 
has in the recent past probably ex- 
ceeded production, I look for some in- 
ereaes of prices in the near future; 
though, looking further ahead, I think 
the trend must be towards lower costs 
and lower prices. 

do not agree with the proposition 
sometimes advanced that it would in- 
evirably hurt the United States mor®@ 
to receive payment,of the debt due it 
than it would hurt the debtor coun- 
tries to pay them. In some circum- 
stances this would doubtless be true, 
just as it hurts a young man more to 
receive and spend an inheritance than 
to work out an inherited debt. Much 
would depend on how the amount re- 
ceived might be expended. I believe 
it would be advantageous to the 
United States to c ncel the debt if 
this could be done as a part of a gen- 
eral scheme for readjustment of the 
German reparation payments and fur- 
ther disarmament, so that there would 
be a fair opportunity for revival of 
international commerce on a large 
scale, 


CampaignProves| 
Georgia a Good 
Trade Territory 


The R. O. Campbell Coal company, 
Georgia distributors for the Philip Ca- 
rey company, of Cincinnati, manufac- 
turers of roofing, paints amd other 
building accessories, have received a 
statement during the past week which 
makes croakers and business kill-joys 
take a back seat. ° 

At the beginning of 1921 the Philip 
Carey company instituted a special 
campaign to establish new dealers in 
Carey products, hoping that it would 
result in at least 400 new dealers be- 
ing secured through the country dur- 
ing the year. 

On December 5, with 26 days left.) 
1,242 new dealers had been added to) 
their list—and with 58 Carey distrib- 
utors actively participating in the 
campaign—the Georgia territory, un- 
der the R. O. Campbell Coal company, 
turned in enough to put this section! 
fifth from the top in the whole coun-! 
try, Atlanta being led by only Chi-/| 
eago, Philadelphia, Cleveland and 
Cincinnati. 

This is not only a high tribnte to 
the sales management of the Campbell 
concern, but an equally strong in- 
dorsement of this territory—with but 
one conclusion possible—that Georgia 
is not so bad after all, when we get 
mag to the brass tacks of the situa- 

on. 


The present number of officers in 
the American army is three times as 
great as before the world war. 


United. States naval and marine air- 
men is the last fiscal year covered 


age and confidence, and our inflated 


2.511.000 miles in airplane flights. 


nature of credits and its value and/| 
necessity in the transactions of the, 
business world. 

To the average person it is an Iin- 
tangible something woven to the very 
fabric of our commercial life, with 
which-they have little to do and care 


less, yet, commercial credit which has| “when we know 


no value of itself is representative of 
value, and, therefore, one of the fun- 


damental factors of our business life. 

That we have passed through the 
most severe deflation of all times is 
tact, indeed, a marvel of the moment, 
and the underlying cause of our pres- 
ent happy estate lies in the co-opera- 
tion among credit grantors which 
characterizes business today. The 
crelit man is seeking more and more 
to make this spirit of co-operation 
the dominant factor in American busi- 
ness methods. 

We have already turned our faces 
with hope towards a better future, for 
the many readjustments give us cour- 


standards are giving Away to more 
conservative, constructive’ thinking 
and activities. 

With no pretense at prophecy, cred- 
it. men generally believe that the signs 


of the credit business—frozen credits 


auced, and- thus the credit situation 1s | 
measurably improved. 


ably favorable. 


as well, 
the extension of credits. 
an abiding faith in the future,” be- 
lieving that with faith and courage, 


are favorable, as all trade reports indi- 
cate a strong undercurrent of trade 
revival, 

The chronic pessimism of the past 
is being overcome by a healthy and 
reasonable optimism. The bug-bear 


—are slowly moving toward liquida- 
tions, and have been enormousiy re- 


From knowiedge comes victory, ana | 
our enemy, he i 


As a nation, our credit is the best | 


in- | 


Caution igs still advised in 
“We hold 


the coming year will be one of grad- 
ual and permanent expansions and de- 
velonments. 


| Bu'lding Rev'ves With Declining Costs} 


Fer Gent 


fer Cons 


1916 191? 

The marked revival of building, ' 
which began early in 1919, was check- 
ed early the next year by the soaring 
costs of construction work. Even 
after these costs began to decline the 
slump in building activity, as indi- 
eated by Bradstreet’s compilation of 
values of building permits, continued 
into the current year, owing to the un- 
certainty with regard to future prices. 
The distinctive feature of the year 
1921 has been the steady recession of 
prices of building materials and the 


1918 
corresponding improvement in build- 
ing activity. 
tion costs in the accompanying chart 


1919 1920 1921 


The curve of construc- 


safe | 


ilanta has kept every factory running 


n ' Si treasurer of the Capital City Chair 
ours,” and prosperity depends on cer-|company—the largest manuitacturers 
t2in factors whose signs ure unmistak- | of upholstered firniture in the south— 
‘stated Friday that not only did the 


in the world, the ratio vf our federal | year, but that the retail business was 
reserve banks has been greatly 
creased and their rediscount rates re- 
duced; large manufacturers have al- 
ready adjusted their affairs to meet | lanta’s growth during the year and to 
conditions; the surplus of grain andthe fact that, although some indus- 
cotton is gradually being moved to | trieshave been hit by the depression 
the markets; reports of less unem- | through which the country has passed, 
ployment and increased efficiency in, this city keeps moving ahead because | 
all departments of labor is another | of its many diversified interests. 
hopeful sign. 


;}much above the average of business 


These fundamental fac- | other factor isthe growing demand for | 
tors give evidence of entering into a | better furniture, and the many new! 
period of increased business activity | homes that have been built and fur-| 
Bished during 1921. 


reached a stage of uniformity, 
with no signs of recession, is ba 
on figures complied by the National 
Industrial Conference board. 
(Copyright, 1921, 


for The Atlanta 


Constitution. ) 


MEXICO OFFERS BIG ! 
OPPORTUNITIES NOW 


“Recently there nas Deen consider- 


able discussion with regard to finan- 
cing business with Mexico,” states P. 
J. Montesinos, of Converse & Co., ex- 
porters of New York. Mr. Montesinos 
has been making an extended surve7 
of the Mexican field. 

“The wholesale houses in Mexico 
usually carry accounts with the banks 
of this country.. . The. merchants as 


a whole do not like the draft sys | American exporters to give the Mexi-iblue for justice 
te to have‘ can market serious consideration.” sols of the 


“iz 2 
gs > y - 
ie sissy ln Se ea ae ie 


y : Rea ee eh : 

Te cee ae ¥ y “ go NG Ape a Oe ee eh. ke gs er 
ee oe Le oe OEM A yp eA a Oe Se. 5 RR GRR. > tae ORS TORBAY oar ey Apann f 

sd aia et . Pee eee “et yey ae ca Chee Te ieee LE OO Es (ies. Pee * * 

ikea Rite ok “aa ae es aes Gee ve, SN OR Sag ae. ee a ee ¥ &, Peres at ey besa 

eR ee se TOL te? Lae ete OA ae ta de 2 ae ee “s . 


open accounts with banks in this 
country. 
take advantage of the discounts offer- 
ed for cash payments and will fre 


quently place their order with the’ 
company giving the best cash discount. 


In many instances they 


“The country is progressing rapidly , 
and so far I have encountered no dif- 
ficulty with regard to payments. It 
is my firm belief that American mer- 
chandise will always be in better de 
mand in Mexico than that of European 
manufacture and I would advise all 


Denmark. ...Hichest 39.00 cents Oct. 27, 


chevrons as a mark 
ice for soldiers. 


A survey of the building permits 
issued during the first six days 
of January would seem to indicate 
that rents will drop in i922. As 
compared with the first six days in 
1921 the home renters and cliff 
dwellers in this fair city have four 
| times as good an opportunity to argue 
with the landlord and retnal agent 
as he had last year. 

Up until Friday night of the past 
week, compared with the same period 
in the first week of 1921 there have 

n four times as many permits 
issued for dwellings and apartments 
as last year. To be exact, in 1921 
there were permits issued for seven 
dwellings while this year there have 
been permits issued for 24 dwellings 
and one for an -apartment bifilding 
which will house four families. It 
looks like a home-building year in 

Of total permits issued—for build- 
ings of all kinds—this year there have 
been 41 issued as against 28 last 
year. The total value of the buildings 
last year was $227,400 while this year 
it amounts to $270.175. 

Leaving out permits for repairs and 
smaller items the following constitute 
the list for the first six days of 1922: 

L. J. Flemister—116 Page avenue, 
one-story frame dwelling; cost $3,500. 

R. H. Sturdivant—74 Acton street, 
one-story frame dwelling; cost $1,250. 

King Bailey—256 Atwood avenue, 
one-story brick veneer dwelling; cost 
$4,250. 

J. B. Dickey—39 Lyons avenue, 


; company, 
D. 


P. and G. 


THREE 
SHORT 
WORDS 


STARTS 
SERVICE 


never disappoint, and are lasting—so are the cheapest in the end. 


Whether 


needs are carloads, truck-loads or wagon-loads 
Plaster, Sand, Slag, Brick, Tile, Laths, Shingles or H go of Cement, Lime 


wood Flooring 


roll of Roofing, a keg of Nails, a box of Wall Ties, or a bundle of Co 


we'll gladly serve you, efficiently. 


THE R. 0. CAMPBELL GOAL CO., 232 Marietta St. 


CAMPBELI 


use they 


, or merely a 


ctor. p 
- Marbut—38 west! one-story frame dwelling; cost $4,000, 


“IVY 200” 


Our quick and safe delivery is pleasing, but even 
of our materials, We handle = but Ghinintaler tela pe the tmexcelled quality 


coming under this class. 


“THE HOME SPECIALISTS” 


228 Peachtree Arcade Building. 


We make a specialty of building medium-priced homes, brick or 
frame constructed, at much less than the average cost of homes 
Call or see us for further information. 


Phone Ivy 6363 


WEBB CONSTRUCTION COMPANY | 


We specialize on homes. 


Let us build yours. 


plan. Full information cheerfully furnished. 


809 Forsyth Bldg. 


1 We have a variety of 
plans and ideas which may appeal to you or will build to your 


Ivy 8065 


one-story frame dwelling; cost $3,000. 

W. W. Griffin—45 to 57 Hunniecutt: 
street, one-story brick warehouse; cost, 
$38.000. 

W. W.  Griffin—310-12 Spring! 
street, one-story brick store building; 
cost $10,000. 

W. W. Griffin—701 to 705 West! 
Peachtree street, one-story brick store 
building; cost $7.500. 

J. E. Kerr—770 Ponce de Leon’ 
avenue, two-story brick veneer dwell- 
ing; $10,000. 

M. F. Davis—25 South Whiteford | 
avenue, one-story frame dwelling; 
cost $1.500. 

W. H. Rhett—391 Ponce de Leon 
avenue, two-story brick veneer apart-| 
ment house; cost $20,000. Shelverton | 
Construction company, contractors. 

Asa G. Candler, Ine.—Northeast | 
corner Whitehall and Forsyth streets, | 
remodel and repair brick building : | 
cost $25,000. H. J. Carr & Co., con- 
tractors. | 

Miss M. R. Sager—150 Auburn| 
avenue, one-story brick store building; 
cost $3,000. 

Atlanta Trust Co—Marietta and 
Broad streets, remodel bank building; 
cost $90.000. 

Mrs. Nora G. Webb—79 Williams 
Mill road, one-story frame dwelling; 
cost $3,000. Webb Construction 
company. contractor. 

Mrs. Nora G. Webb—S3 Williams 
Mill road, one-storv frame dwelling: 
cost $4,000. Webb Construction 
company, contractor. 

B. F. Crocker—24 Boulevard place, 
two-story frame dwelling: cost $5,000. 

Mrs. H. MeKinstrev—53 The 
Prado, one-story frame dwelling; cost 
$6500. 

W. D. Miles—194 Grove street, one- 


{ 


' 
f 


| 


MONCRIEF FURNACE CO. 


139 South Pryor Street 


Have had.one of the biggest 
years of their business in 1921, 
and have purchased a new loca- 
tion and expect to erect a build- 
ing. This Company is expect- 
ing, and will be able to take 
care of, more business than 


ever before. 


Construction of their new 
building will begin shortly. 


~ 


PATTILLO LUMBER COMPANY 
LUMBER AND MILL WORK 
Sales Office 1303-4 Healey Building 


Phone Ivy 497 


} 


Furniture Men 
Repo rt Trade 
Good for 1922 


Atlanta Manufacturers Had 
Fine Business in Past Year 


| —for the Best 


CANDLER BUILDING 


Lime, Cement, Plaster, Brick, etc. 
Phone V. H. Kriegshaber & Son 


Prices and Service Are Right 
Established 1890 


ATLANTA, GEORGIA 


With Good Cutlook 
for Present. 


A review of the furniture business 
for the year just past shows that At- 


und practically at tull capacity dur- 
ing the entire year. 
Richard Horwitz, vice president and 


manufacturers have a most satisfactory 


in other lines. f 


This condition he attributes to At- 


_ GUDE &-CO. 


BUILDERS 


ENGINEERS AND CONTRACTORS 
64 POPLAR ST. 


ATLANTA 


An- | 


Mr. Horwitz believes that quality 
furniture is in greater demand than’ 
at any previous period in the south, and 
that those firms making the better 
class of furniture are doing .more 
business than those who make the 
cheaper lines. This condition obtains 
in the business of his own firm, and | 
this is the trend, as he sces it, all over 
the country. Furniture that will last 
through a generation and be handed 


— 


pa | 


Edison Mazdz Lamps 


We are distributors in Georgia for Edison 
Mazda Lamps and carry a complete stock— 
all styles and sizes—ready for immediate 


shipment. 


further information to 


CARTER ELECTRIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. 


Write for dealer contracts and 


Tt 


PUAATTENUEUAONANSHRGEEAUOURIOCOSDOCEOEDANONN 


down as family heirlooms is what the 
public is looking for—and this is what 
this concern and other Atlanta makers 
are turning out. 

The prospect for 1922 is bright, and 
all Atlanta furniture manufacturers 
are preparing for good business. 


| FOREIGN EXCHANGE | 


The par of exchange on European | 
countries, calculated trom the United ' 
States mint’s intrinsic valuation of | 
their standard coin in terms of Ameri- | 
can currency, is as follows: } 
Austria 20.3 cents to the crown 
Denmark ....26.8 cents to the krone | 
England ....4.865-8 to the sovereign 


See our complete stock of 


LIGHTING FIXTURES 


25% Reduction during January 


Queen Mantel & Tile Co. 


Established 1909 


56 W. Mitchell St. 


France .ccecee---19.5 cents to france 


Fermany eeeee-2>-5 cents to the mark 
Holiand ......4U.2 cents to the florin 
Spain. .-19.3 cents to the peseta 

Par of the New York exchange on 
Italy and Switzerland is the same as 
that on France; the franc, lira and 
peseta are alltvalued by the mint at 
19.5 cents. Par of exchange on Nor- 
way and on Sweden is the same as on 
Denmark. 

The following tables give the hichest 
and lowest rates touched by New York 
exchange on the various 


Ang. 

. Feb, 

esees-Hichest 22%4 cents Ang. 
lowest 5.70 cents Nov. 


SCIPLE SONS 


PHONES IVY 483-4206-2827 Office 


MAIN 923 and 4955 


1101-2-3 Citizens & Southern Bank Building 


| USE 
“SOUTHERN 


SCIPLES LIME 


STATES” PORTLAND CEMENT 


HYDRATED AND OTHER LIME. CHEROKEE HARD WALL 


SHINGLE STAINS, 


ROOFING PAPERS. TERRA COTTA WALL COPING. 
PIPE. TERRA COTTA STOVE FLUES. WELL ~ age AND OTHER 


COTTA WARE AND 


BUILDING MATERIALS. 


PLASTER. CABOT’S 
PLASTER PARIS, FIRE BRICK, FINE FACE BRICK, 


SEWER AND DRAIN 


TEREA 
HOLLOW TILE, 


Holland. eee Flighes {32% cents Aug. 


T/Awest 29.00 cent« . Nov. 
Germany....Hichest 27.5 cents Aug. 
owest 32% cents Nov. 
Italy........Hlichest 25 centa Ang. 
Lowest 23.20 cents Nov. . wf 
Switzeriand.Hichest 29.97 cents May 20, 
Lowest 15.05 cents Nov. 


Lowest 16.30 cents Feb. 4.1920 


Tawest 13.05 cents Nov. 8, 1929: 
Hichest 39.00 cents Apr. 17, 1918 . 
. Lowest 11.83 cents Nov. 13, 1920 


France was the first nation to use. 
of rank and serv- 


Red for valor, white for purity, and. 
bene the olor sym- |; 


THE GLIDDEN STORES COMPANY 
GLIDDEN 


Evérywhere on Everything 


Varnishes ~ Celers 
Brushes and Painters Supplicse 


Paints 


JAP-A-LAC | 


12 AUBURN AVE. 


* 5 ie f 
4 


~ 2 


4 Ss gfe Ke 


Wall Paper 


'’ Prices Stabilized | 


Production Steadier 


Leaders Have Succeeded ] 


in Working Down to 
Rock Bottom From In- 
flated Values—All Have 
Cleaned House for 1922. 


BY JAMES H. STONE, | 
Editor The Shoe Retailer. 


The year 1921 will go down as the 

most unsatisfactory year in the his- 
tory of the shoe and leather industry. 
Three important factors contributed 
to this result, though the ills of the 
trade are by no means confined to 
these three major items. 


All branches of the industry suf- 
fered first of all through deflation of 
the cost price of materials and fin- 
ished product which they had on 
hand. The shoe and leather indus- 
try is one of relatively slower turn- 
over than many others, some months 
elapsing from the time the animal is 
killed, the leather tanned, made into 
shoes, and delivered to the customer 
to wear. Hence on a falling market 
ag in process and finished have 

en continually subject to lower re- 
placement valuation. 

Heavier Overhead Costs. 

The next important factor in the 
profit and loss showing was the lack 
_of steady production, due to general 
trade conditions, and the loss of our 
outlet for exports, which caused a 
large overhead costs are figured on 
each pair, and usually on the amount 
of pairs made that represent an aver- 
age production. As the pairs made 
decreased 40 per cent on the aver- 
age from the standard production 
overhead figures, the loss in over- 
head from estimates absorbed the 
profit figured per pair. 

The third factor hit all branches 
of the trade alike. The lower unit 
values ot each pair. made and sold 
have made it impossible for eitber 
shoe manufacturer or retail merchant 
to adjust his expenses downward to 
anywhere near approaching the per 
cent of decrease in price. Thus, even 
if there had been full production in- 
stead, both manufacturer and mer- 
chant would have lost money on this 
item alone. To illustrate, a manu- 
tacturer whose overhead was figured 
_- 10 per cent on an average cost unit 
of $7 at wholesale in 1919 thus had 
an overhead allowance of 70 cents a 
pair. In 1921, still figuring 10 per 
cent overhead, if his unit cost price 
had shrunk 2: per cent, or to $5.25 
per pair, he had only 53 cents allow- 
ance, and this on fewer pairs. The 


shoe retailer had exactly the same 
problem, having only a mark-up of 
30. per cent on $5, instead of $12, as 
an illustration. © 

The Industry Cleans House. 

The industry has thus been clean- 
ing house, so to speak, and getting 
ready for 1922. The hide and leather 
market collapsed in 1920, being one 
of the first basic raw material trades 
to deflate. The shoe manufacturer 
@nd retail merchant liquidated this 
year, and now at the start of 1922 
all branches of the industry are on 
an even plane for the first time in 
two years. 

In 1921 raw calfskins sold at 14 
per cent less than in 1914, while fin- 
ished calf leather sold in September 
at 95 per cent over the 1914 price. 
This has been hard for the farmer to 
understand, but is explained easily 
vy the fact of short demand for ealf- 
skins in the raw, due to low produc- 
tion of footwear and consequent 40 
per cent to 60 per cent operation in 
the tanneries. This shortened pro- 
duction had to carry all the overhead, 
as most tanners have operated on or- 
ders only, and all labor back to the 
source is still 100 per cent higher 
than in 1914, with some few labor 
reductions in the tanning industry 
through the year. Thus top grade 
calfskins, which early in 1920 sold at 
$1.25 per foot, had receded to 65 
cents in 1921, and through the year 
slowly declined until now calfskins 
are sold at 50 cents per foot and 
downward through five or six grades. 
Thus against the price of 26 cents 
and 30 cents per foot in 1914. Other 
leathers occupy relatively the same 
position, all having reached a ‘strict 
supply and demand basis of selling 
price. It is today a trader’s market 
with go surplus of leather. 


emand for Lower Prices. 

All through 1921 there has been 
an insistent demand for lower prices 
of footwear. This has been met by 
selling made-up stocks through the 
year at constant replacement prices 
by both manufacturer and retail mer- 
chant, with resultant losses to them. 
During the last sixty days there has 
been a great amount of publicity given 
to the possibility of men’s good shoes 
being made and sold for $5 and less, 
No review of 1921 would be complete 
without setting at rest the mind of 
the merchant and consumer on this 
point. Before the war a large vol- 
ume of Goodyear welted shoes was 
sold at retal prices of $2.50 to §&. 
They represented the maximum ef- 
fort inproduction and distribution at 
a very small profit. No one pre- 
tended they were shoes of good quality 
and finish: nevertheless they fitted 
into a certain demand. The $5 shoe 
of today at retail represents the same 


4. 


yr 


AN OPEN 


turn-over? 
If your sales of shoes 


be a good investment. 
Shall we fight or run 


We still have the eart 
no. The South is full of 


a crop on a cash basis. 


will put the whole South 
perity that will endure. 


whole country. 


less assets, but he’ll have 
bank at the end of the ye 


maturing bills. 


individual action. 
“Don’t worry about the 


add you to that list. 
request. 


great leaders for your Ja 


“To your tents, O Israel: 
now see to thine own house, David.”’ 


LETTER 
MERCHANTS OF THE 


What did your year-end inventory show? 
What proportion of your capital is on your books? 
How much of this is liquid? 


four times your inventory, a business doctor might 
saved by a fighting doctor. 


What is the Remedy? 


of; it’s up to us to dig out a crop, boll weevil or 


the first time in a generation is equipped to make 


Let’s keep a year ahead on food crops; then 
if we make no new debts withih two years it 


Cash drives the hardest bargains. Look at 
the success of the cash grocery stores of the 


The merchant who sells for cash may handle 


all his discounts and never lose sleep about 


If you believe in this platform, let us hear 
from you. Conditions toaay require courageous, 
In the words of our text— 


tents, put your own house in order, David.” 


Every day there comes to our sample rooms 
keen merchants who know the values that they 
can sell profitably for cash. We will be glad to 


Salesman: by appointment. 


Many lots from discontinued lines will make 


J. K. ORR SHOE COMPANY 


I Kings 12:16 


. 


TO THE 
SOUTH 


What was your 


for the year is less than 


? Many a life has been 


h and the fullness there- 


good foodstuffs and for 


on a basis of real pros- 


more real money in the 
ar; besides, he can make 


other folks tents or in- 


Catalogue on 


nuary sale. 


We are interested, 


Send salesman... 


Mail catalog...... 


Firm mame)... sds ce 


CUT OUT AND MAIL COUPON. 


J. K. Orr Shoe Company, Atlanta, 


(Scratch 


Ga 


eeensreeetresepeeeeweeseeneeoeeeeneeee 


** ‘eee eevee eaee ee ee & Sj 


one) 


2.0 
pnot to be compared with in_value or 
wear. This statement is important, 
because the publicity given to the 
present and hoped-for future $5 shoe 
has led the public and the uninformed 
small detail merchant to think in 
terms of their old $5 shoe as a com- 
parison. 

The labor cost in 1914 for a stand- 


lard $5 and $6 shoe was from 55 cents 
'to 65 cents per pair. 


Shoe labor in- 
creases reached their peak in 1919 and 
1920, affer the armistice. The labor 
cost in the same grade shoe during 
1921 has been $1.25 to $1.50. In one 
place there has been a reduction of 
20 per cent in shoe wages, in a few 
places there has been a 10 per cent 
reduction. All shoe centers are fin- 
ishing the year with arbitration cases 


calling for a 20 per cent reduction by 
the employers, and all are being bit- 
terly contested by the shoe workers’ 
unions, with the results still in ques- 
tion. A 20 per cent reduction: from 
the $1.25 to $1.50 labor cost in the 
present standard $8 to $10 shoe at 
retail will amount to not over 50 cents 


; 


This fact is given because, strangely 
enough, a great number of people ex- 
pect a much greater reduction in shoe 
prices than the facts or conditions 
warrant. 


Prospective Prices in 1922. 

Based on the events in 1921 and 
present conditions, what then will be 
fair prices for footwear in 1922? ‘The 
finer shoes for men, such as the New- 
ark grades, will sell at $11 to $15, the 
pair; the same grades in women's at 
$9 to $14 the pair, and expensive nov- 
elties even higher. The old standard 
medium grades that formerly sold at 
$, $’ and $6 will sell for $7, $5, 39 
and $10. ‘Then there will be cheaper 
shoes at $4, $5 and $6 that will ‘com- 
pare with the old grades that sold for 
$2 to $3 and $3.50 per pair. 

The year 1921 has paved the way 
for better business in 1922, and the 
leaders of the industry look forward 
to a larger production for the coming 
year. Export trade in 1921 was ata 
minimum and no great improvement 
is in sight for the new year. The shoe 
and leather industry, like all others, 
stil labors under 110 per cent higher 
freight rates, which is an important 
item, as all the basic materials used 
in shoes have four to six transporta- 
tion charges before the finished prod- 
uct is delivered to the consumer. 
There are 143 various materials used 
in the manufacture of a pair of shoes, 
including iron, steel, copper, brass, 
eelluloid, duck, wax, tacks, nails, 
linen thread, cotton thread, silk, cork, 
cement, rubber, paste, paper, packing 
cases, all of which are from 75 per 
cent to more than 100 per cent higher 
in price than the 1914 average when 
converted by labor into the articles 
used in footwear. Shoe labor is now 
100 per cent and more over pre-war 
figures, with a probable 10 per cent 
to 20 per cent reduction on that item, 
and many months, probably the whole 
year, must elapse before thére will 
be another wage reduction, due to the 
slowness of the arbitration method. 

Western Factories Develop. 

‘A feature of the present status of 
shoe production is worth noting. The 
industry started in the Eastern States, 
which is the home of the nedium and 
finer grades of footwear. In the last 
decade the business of shoe manu- 
facturing has received an impetus in 
the West, St. Louis having been de- 
veloped greatly in the past twenty 
years, and Milwaukée has also be- 
come a great shoe manufacturing cen- 
ter. Western shoes, with some few 
exceptions in Chicago, are more large- 
ly of the lower grade variety. These 
western factories have been running 
full time to capacity and have many 
months’ orders on hand. In the east, 


'} because of higher labor and other 


‘eosts, shoe manufacturers have fared 
badly on production. An exception 
is that of the Endicott-Johnson Cor- 
poration of Endicott, N. Y., who are 
also makers of the cheaper class of 
shoes, with an estimated production 
of 90,000 pairs per day. 

A feature of th®” year was the 
merger of the W. H. McElwain com- 
pany, of Boston and Manchester, N. 
H., with the International Shoe com- 
pany, of St. Louis. The McElwain 
and International production com- 
bined amounts to 120,000 pairs of 
shoes daily, the largest in the world. 

Trade leaders of the industry have 
worked hard during the year to clean 
house to the point where values would 
be stabilized and at all stages find 
itself on an equalized basis. This has 
been accomplished, and the prices of 
leather, shoes in process, and stocks 


_made up are all on a plane where -the 


industry can go ahead with some de- 
gree of old-time steadiness of produc- 
tion. Retail stocks are low because of 
delayed purchasing by merchants, and 
begininng with the great shoe exposi- 
tion and convention of the retail trade 
at Chicago in January, factory pro- 
duction is expected to run normal for 
the next few months. 

The year 1921 was one of loss, with 
the industry operating and living out 
of its accumulated surplus. It was an 
intelligent loss, even if painful, be- 
cause it was necessary to equalize val- 
ues through the stages of converting 
leather into shoes for the consumer be- 
fore normalcy could come into. its 
own. 

The retail merchant has had a se- 
vere ‘liquidation in 1921, as he had to 
follow the manufacturer's constantly 
decreased prices with replacenfent 
prices. The _ retailer's average net 
profit in 1920 was 1.2 per cent to sales. 
and it is not hard to estimate that 1921 
will show a net loss of several per 
a though no figures are available as 
yet. 

Future Prospects. 

With it all there is an optimistic 
feeling for the future. The shoe trade, 
a slow turning one, had a hard and 
disagreeable job to come down from 
very highly inflated values, but it has 
been done. The retail merchant can 
now buy with the confident knowledge 
that what he buys will not be-offered 
in the market at 50 cents a pair less 
before he receives the goods. Hereto- 
fore he could not do this, and conse- 
quently kept his purchase at a low 
point. 

There has been a decided reaction 
from a frenzy of style to a more staple 
basis, which removes a large element 
of risk in buying. This is only one 
other factor that will tend to make 
prices lower, particularly on women’s 
shoes, as the labor cost in a fancy 
shoe of intricate design is two to three 
times as much as in plainer styles, 
with the public protected by extreme 
competition for trade. 

(Copyright, 1921, for The Constitu- 
tion.) 


Dr. Payson Smith, commissioner of 
education in Massachusetts, has writ- 
ten to superintendents of schools and 
high sehools throughout the state. 
urging that systematic attention be 
given to the news articles and edi- 
torials concerning the armament con- 
ference, and that such.articles be 
brought into the class rooms for com- 
ment and discussion. 


— 


More than 300,000 copies of fairy 
tales have been distributed to school 
children from the first to fifth grades 
in Los Angeles, Cal., public schools. 
The back page of these books is de- 
voted to pictures and verses showing 
how street car accidents happen and 
what to do to avoid them. This move- 
ment was started by the Los Angeles 


| railway in conjunction with the board 


of education. 


ampunt of effort to produce as the | 
$2. shoe of former years, byt is | 


a pair in the retail price of the shoes. | 


| 


Better Demand Forecast 


_—_—_—— 


Greater Consumption of 
Leather for Shoes, Har- 
ness and Upholstery In- 
dicated for 1922. 


BY EDWARD A. BRAND, 


For Leather Products 


Secretary Tanners’ Council of the 
United States of America. 

In the case of most lines of leather) 
production the worst part of the 
period of depression has passed, and 
early in the new year, it is believed, a 
noticeable improvement will take place 
in several of the more important 
branches of the tanning industry. 
However, it is pointed out that a 
spectacular change is not looked for; 
it will be a steady improvement. _ 

It does not seem necessary at this 
time to discuss the fiscal and other 
problems that have confronted the 
tanning industry during the period re- 


ferred to. But comments on a few of 
the principal factors connected with 
the revival of trade in certain classes 
of leather will be of especial interest. 


Ladies’ Shoes in Demand. 


During the winter of 1920 there was 
a sudden demand for fine low shoes 
for ladies, these shoes having straps 
and fancy trimmings and being made 
largely of colored kid and calf leather, 
and se-called suedes and oozes. This 
demand, which continued well into the 
summer of 1921, resulted in consider- 
able business for a number of tanners 
in both the east and the middle west. 
Tewards fall, however, sales of these 
fancy shoes fell off somewhat, but it is 
expeeted that this class of merchandise 
will, to a lesser degree, continue in 
vogue. 

Patent leather is now being widely 
used for both street and dress wear, 
and considerable quantities are being 
sold for ladies’ shoes for the coming 
season. Sales of plain black leather, 
also, for both men’s and women’s 
shoes, have recently been increasing. 
Indeed, several tanners of colored 
leathers have switched over to the 
production of blacks and are doing 
satisfactory business. 

At the annual show of the National 
Retail Shoe Dealers’ association, 
which takes place in Chicago early in 
January, many new styles of shoes 
for both men and women will be dis- 
played and it is thought that this ex- 
hibit will gfive much stimulus to buy- 
ing for the spring season. 

Cheaper Shoes for Men. 

In recent months a movement was 
started by several leading shoe manu- 
facturers to produce a good medium- 
grade shoe to be retailed at $5 and $6. 
This move has already resulted in in- 
creased sales of good medium grades of 
sole and cattle upper leathers. Trade 
in both kinds had been very slow dur- 
ing the greater part of the depressed 
period, although top grades of sole 
leather had found a ready market. 

There has been a decided increase 
of late in production of shoes for 
workingmen. Supplies of this class of 
shoes had been greatly reduced be- 
cause of limited production during 
the past year. 

More Sales of Harness Leather. 

In the past decade the motor truck 
for both local and long-dnstance haul- 
ing has come into universal use, and 
during: the war the tractor was intro- 
duced on small farms throughout the 
«<ountry. It was thought that the in- 
troduction of these innovations meant 
doom to the horse, or, in other words, 
it was a case like that of the electric 
tram supplanting the old horse-car. 
But the horse seems to have come back 
strong. In recent years it has been 
found that for short hauls, horse trans- 
portation is rather econamical. 

With respect to the tractor, this is 
not adaptable to ploughing and har- 
rowing in small areas. Therefore some 
farmers have been obliged to. retain 
their horses for these purposes, and a8 
Rare. gi there has been a tenden- 
y in such cases to supplant the trac- 
tor with the horse. This of course 
means the use of more harness leather. 

However, due to the _ industrial 
slump and disposal of surplus govern- 
ment equipment, sales of leather to 
harness manufacturers for more than 
a year past have been limited. The 
larger part of present business con- 
sists of orders from the jobbing trade. 

Leather for Motor Cars. 

Prosperity in the automobile and 
furniture industries brings increased 
orders to tanners of upholstery leather. 
It is expected that the two big na- 
tional motor shows in New York and 
Chicago in January will do much to 
stimulate the automobile trade. In 
recent years some automobile manu- 
facturers have been using imitation 
products for inside trimming because 
of the difference in price. In the 
higher priced cars, however, leather 
has been used continuously. But in 
view of the décline in the price of 
cattle hides automobile leather is much 
cheaper, and as a result‘a number of 
nutomobile manufacturers have gone 
or are planning to go back to the use 
of leather not only for upholstery pur- 
poses but also for so-called flat work 
inside of motor cars. In January 
the upholstery tanners of the country 
will hold a high-class exhibition for the 
primary purpose of extending the use 
of their product by furniture manufac- 
turers during the coming year. 

In connection with the subject of 
prices just referred to it is stated that 
all kinds of leather are being sold at 
very reasonable figures: indeed, sev- 
eral staple kinds are lower than pre- 
war prices, 

Other Leather Products. 

Manufacturers of belting leather 
were probably the last to feel the ef- 
fects of business depression. Conse- 
quently the,trade in leather for mak- 
ing belting extended well into the fall 
of 1920, while in other lines it dropped 
off before the summer of that year. 
For the same reason recovery in the 
beltincveather trade-was slower; but 
recent market reports indicate an in- 
crease in sales of that product. In 
conneetion with this subject jt is 
worthy of note that in the last nor- 
mal year American belting leather 
was sold in 52 foreign countries, 

Several leading tanners of fancy 
leather. used for making handbags, 
pocketbooks, and similar articles, re- 
port receipt of “sizable” orders dur- 
ing the past month and a good out- 
look for business in the immediate 
future. Manufacturers of leather for 
travelling bazs and cases have also 
received many small hurrv-up orders 
for the production of holiday goods. 
Ir view of the fact that store stocks 
of finished bags and cases are some- 
what depleted, fubstantial orders for 
leather will be forthcoming early next 
year. 


Tanners Want Protection. 


Despite one’s wish to the contrary, 
it is difficult now to discuss the fu- 
ture prospects for domestic business 
without taking into consideration the 
tariff problem. Several branches ot 
the tanning industry are now much 
dependent upon the early enactment 
of the pending tariff bill to prevent 
serious foreign completion. For ex- 
ample, 
who have what may be properly con- 


‘sidered an infant industry built up 
largely as a result of the war, are 


urgently in need of early protective 
legislation to prevent the dumping of 
European gloves and glove leather on 
this market. And other leather pro- 
ducers, although long in business, are 
also in need of similar legislation. 
Leather Exports Increasing. 
For many years past American 
leather has found*a ready sale in 
every section of the world. Our big 
customers for sole leather were Brit- 
ain and Cuba; patent calf and kid 
upper leathers were used in large 
quantities on every continent. In 
1919, when the demand for our leath- 
er was the greatest, the exports ag- 
gregated over $200,000,000 in value. 
Early in 1921, however, the exports 
dropped to less than $2,000,000 worth 


a month, the lowest record for years. 
But during the past fall the trade 
went up to $3,000,000 a month and in 
November reached $4,300,000. For- 
cign inguiries seem to indicate that a 
steady increase in business may be 
expected. 

From the foregoing it can be 
readily seen that there is an upward 
trend in the leather market and that 
steady business may be looked for 
early in the coming year. There are 
other phases of this general subject 
such as ywices of hides and skins, 
problems of production and percent- 
age of operation in the _ several 
branches of the leather industry, but 
each of these questions would require 
a lengthy discussion outside the scope 
of this article. 

(Copyright, 1921, for the Constitu- 
tion.) 


FROM BOOT AND 


What’s What in Shoes for 1922 


SHOE RECORDER 


One of the new turns the trade has 
taken is the better business in men’s 
shoes. According to most reports the 
men’s business is outstripping the 
‘women’s, in proportidn. The children’s 
business also has picked up consid- 
erably, but this is normal at this time 


of the year. 

Colder weather has stimulated the 
demand for boots to some extent. Plain; 
welt models are demanded exclusively. 
Black kid and brown calf and kid are 
the leaders in demand. 

Low shoes are still selling strong, 
with the one and two-strap models 
leading. 

If there is any one shoe that per- 
haps forges just a little ahead of the 
rest in choice, it is the patent lace 
oxford. There has been a slight let- 
up for the plai.u toe effects in patents. 

Black suede is also being sold, es- 
pecially in lace oxfords with low heels. 
Some straps are also being bought in 
suede, both in brown and black. 

A new one-strap patent pump with 
an exceptional flat heel and unusually 
broad strap is being observed in mmny 
stores as one of the new styles. 


Patent leather and black satin are 
still the favored materials in shoes 
that are going through the factories 
now. Late orders show some ten- 
dency toward plainer effects, but the 
strapped models, reduced almost ex- 
clusively to one-or two strap designs, 
still hold the lead. Some of the at- 
once business is for the deeply cut 
out sandals, particularly in patent 
leather and black satin. This type of 
sandal also is going well in brocaded 
metal cloths for evening wear. 

One of Brockton’s leading shoe con- 
cerns has complied approximate fig- 


ures regarding the leathers called for 
in the spring orders thus far received. 


Kangaroo kid constitute 50 per cent 
of the orders, with the other 50 per 
cent divided between calf, grain, pat- 
ent and cordovan. The latter which 
has been so popular in men’s shoes 
for the past year, is a negligible quan- 
tity in the advance spring orders of 
this house. 

Not a single lacing hook could be 


found on a pair of women’s shoes, 


after a day’s search among the shops. 
Even the 9-inch boots have eyelets to 
the tops. Lacing hooks disappéared 
when skirts were long, because skirts 
caught in the hooks and tore. But 
there is no danger of skirts these days 
catching in hooks. 


ST. LOUIS EXPECTS _ 


SOME IMPROVEM 


BY F. 0. WATTS, 
President, First National Bank in 
Louis. 


General business conditions 
to continue their improvement in 


even though 


they do not 


reach 


unusual activity of the war period 
similar periods of industrial 


Huron, South Dakot 
tion, 


than 9,000 


largest and finest hotel of any city 
its size in America. 
eight-story fire-proof structure, 
equipped with every 


ing $600,000 and 
modern convenie 


The hotel is. 


Pd 


ape 
- 7m 
is 


.* 


$ 
o 
<o 


% 


Ps Southeastern Leather Co. 


23 South Forsyth Street 


ATLANTA, GA. t 
Leather and Shoe Findings for Jobbers 


Exclusive Southeastern Distributors 

for —— 

DIAMOND “P” SCOURED OAK BENDS 

LINDENOID CHROME BENDS 

LINDEN TANNING CO.’S HERCULES CHROME STRIPS 
BEADED TIP SHOE LACES 
PREMO BRAND SHOE LACES 

BUCK’S LIQUID WAX 


glove leather manufacturers, |. 


\ 


ield ‘Brand 
Shoes 


it Best---Wear Longest 


Be careful of your shoe purchases this year. Stock 
only good, standard, serviceable shoes of well-known 
value, if you would do a 
SHIELD BRAND SHOES sell best, because they con- 
tain real shoe value. | 


profitable shoe business. 


THEY “FIT BEST—WEAR LONGEST.” 


‘Shield Brand Shoemakers’’ 


Atlanta, 


Georgia 


Our salesmen are now out with complete lines of 
spring samples. A postcard will bring a copy of our 
catalog, or salesman, on request. 


M. C. KISER COMP 


ay 


A Year of Competition 


Keen competition for trade will mark the year of 1922. 
It will be a survival of the fittest. 


The dealer with the best shoes at the lowest price is 
the man who will mark 1922 up on the profit side of 


his ledger. - . 


Our Prices Will Enable 
~ You To Compete — 


We have cleaned our house completely in 1921, re- 
duced our prices to bedrock, getting ready, so to speak, 
for 1922. 


The retail merchant who buys SHIELD BRAND 
SHOES now can buy with the confident knowledge 
that he is getting shoes of unexcelled quality, that 
have forty years of shoemaking and shoe-selling repu- 
tation behind them, at the lowest prices to be obtained 
anywhere. 


; ee aioli a. kh he a oe Om soe 
~ 


oo bc meta tae 
rT. Te ee Se 


" a 
* ? 

= 

a Fy 

oe 


‘ a 

t a4 

t 3 

. ee A ss 
ae 


& 

Sa 
: te 

Ss 

~ 


<4 
t 


ay 
Fi 
Set. . 

—_-_— 


net 
Pie 

z & 

ote 
% 


- 


ORY *4BSD oC 
7. z ‘. - 


+ 
A O- 


= =: . Asm - 


es. 


, 
_ a 


—sS 


al 


PE PEELE DE CE ET SEE PIB ATE GG Vil te il DP lin e 


-s 


_ 


6 PN AGREED, 


de <DggEGS =. 2S 4 BPM 


a, a city of ides 4 


3 


¥ 
o 
+ 


* ti @ c 
ne ee en a 
s cae a 4 
Yo? ae 
eh ae ‘fart k Gaunt 
ee bes ds ) tt ..- . < 
: aig 5 alin bs 4 ee 
aS te 2 


oP Fe > Oe eS or AY 
at, 3 “ 3 Be Po ah Fok Ya : ey se ’ 
f rote, = Sees ORES Sone” ee 


Pos 
RIS 
eon re yk 
- tic ’ 


IADE BY OFFICERS 


Drug Valued at $875 Cap- 

~ tured and Three Alleged 

Peddlers Placed Under 
Arrest Saturday. 


+ The capture of three alleged dope 

-peddiers and a quantity of powdered 

_ opium, valued at approximately $875, 

“together with the arrest at the same 

--time of a negro with a quantity of 

_ Whisky in his possession, rewarded the 
“efforts Saturday night of government 

agents and city detectives in a search 

to rid the city of both dope peddlers 
and addicts. 

' The men gave their names as A. N. 
McBride, of 439 West Tenth street: 
Raymond Oxford, same address, and 

~KE, E. Chappell, of 177 Curran street. 
The negro, who was caught by acci- 
dent when he crossed the path of the 
officers as they waited for their men, 
suave his name as Eulas Layton, of 
> Grove street. 

_In the raiding party were Govern- 
ment Agents J. W. Nations and H. L. 
LaSalle and City Detectives J. C. Da- 
vis and Grady Andrews. 

The officers stated that on the 
three white men arrested they found 
the unusually large quantity of opium, 
‘in addition to marked money amount- 
ing to $24 which, they asserted, had 
been purposely marked and given to 
dope peddlers in exchange for the 
‘promised delivery of a quantity of 
dope at a specified place. : 

_ The men were taken at the corner 
of Hemphill avenue and West Tenth 
atreet, where they had been trailed 
for several blocks by the sleuths. 

The three white men are being held 
on a charge of suspicion for the U. 8. 
government. Layton, the negro, is 
eld on a charge of violation of the 
ptohibition laws. Several quarts of 
iquor were found in his pockets. 


Harding Tribute 
Features Honors 


Paid N. Y. Editor 


New York, January 7.—President 
Harding tonight joined with the press 
ip paying honor to Edward Page 
Mitchel, for many years editor of The 
Néw York Sun, more recently editor- 
in-chief of The New York Herald, and 
the man ‘on whose shoulders fell “the 
mantle of Charles A. Dana.” At the 
twenty-first annual dinner of the 
“Amen Corner,’ an organization of 
newspaper men, to which came 700 
guests from many cities, there was 
read a message fromthe owner of The 
Marion Star, sent from the white 
house, asserting that Mr. Mitchell had 
been an inspiration and an object of 
both his admiration and affection. 

“His career covers the beginnings, 
the development and the active pres- 
ent of the great era of metropolitan 
journalism, in the country,” the pres 
dent's message said. “In all its 
stages he has been a leading and dom- 
inating participant, and the best of 
all the good things that may be said 
for him is that he has always stood for 


| 


the finest newspaper ideals and the 
nrost unselfish and patriotic public; 
purposes. 
Refers to Reporting. 
“I wish some of his stories, particu 
larly some of the whimsical bits of old. 


time reporting that he dic etter 
known, and that uniqte ‘The Si 
Story,’ were more freqnhently a model 


for present-day newspaper writers. 
“I hope I may say this, in my ca- 
pacity as one of you newspaper men. 
without seeming to preach ftom a pres- 
idential ‘pulpit.’ ns 

A message from George Harvey, am 
tbassador to the couft of St. James, sa- 
luted Mr. Mitchell as “the greatest 


writing journalist, bar none, the world 
has ever produced.” 
From. ex-Governor. 

Former Governor Martin H. Glynn, 
of New York, editor of The Albany 
Times-Union, paid this tribute: 

“Greely made the editorial, Bennett 
made the news column. but Dana 
blended the spiciness of the one with 
the charm of the other, and therein 
Jies the magic compound of The Sun 
and in this blending, it is difficult to 
tell where Dana leaves off and Mitch- 
ell begins. 

“What Dana put into The Sun. 
Mitchell helped put there: what Dana 
put in The Sun, Mitchell kept there 
when Dana was no more. They both 
believed the newspaper should be 
founded onhuman nature; they . both 
believed what Providence permitted to 
occur, no editor should be too proud 
to print; they both believed every hu- 
man being is interesting, whether 
clothed with the rags of a pauper or 
the panoply of power.” 


Mrs. Mollie Smith, of Smithton. 
Ark., has the distinction of being the 
only woman member of the Indepen- 
dent Order of Hoo Hoo, the national 
fraternal society of the lumber and 


allied industries. 


By Smoke in 


Figures Are Given Out 
in the Annual Report of 
Howard L. Stillwell, City 
Mechanical Engineer. 


Damage by smoke emitted from lo- 
comotives and from chimneys of in- 
dustrial plants cost the population of 
Atlanta last year about $2,000,000, or 
more than $9 per capita, according 
to the annual report of Howard L. 
Stillwell, city mechanical engineer, 
who finished his report and recom- 
mendations for better abatement of the 
nuisance Saturday for presentation to 
the board of mechanical engineers, 

Responsibility for a great part of 
this loss the engineer laid to un- 
skilled firing, and declared that it 
would be a big step forward if exam- 
‘nation and licensing of firemen were 
required by law. He called atten- 
tion to the need of more ready co- 
operation by owners and operators of 
plants, and urged city council to give 
the department three “assistant engi- 
give constant attention to 
closer 


neers to 
inspection duties and compel 


compliance with the smoke ordinance. | 


The railroads offer the most serious 
smoke problem in the city, stated En- 
gineer Stiliwell, who said that its so- 
Intion lies in the ultimate use of elee- 
tricity. “Some depression of th 
smoke from locomotives céuld be elim- 
inated thiough the constant super- 
vision of the tra:n crews and co-oper- 
ation of the railroad officials,” he 
said “Careless firing azain the 
cause of much smoke, and if the de- 
partment expects to accomplish any- 
thing along this line, an additional 
inspector should supplied, wao 
could devote all time to this 
question. 

How to Prevent Smoke. 


is 


be 
of 


his 


Under the subject of abatement, he | 
pointed out that the question of pre- ' 


venting smoke is largely a matter of 
securing proper combustion of the 
fuel. “Given ample boiler capacity te 
avoid crowding at all times, proper 
grate settings and sufficient draft. 
the rest in the hands of the fire- 
man,” he asserted. “It is said that a 
good fireman the pre- 
ventor., but, unfortunately, they are 
usually selected for their ability to 
shovel coal, and not for their knowl- 
edge of proper economical firing.” 


is 


is best smoke 


Mr. Stillwell based his estimate of | 


the smoke loss in Atlanta on pub- 
lished findings of the smoke committee 
of the Cleveland Chamber of Com- 
merce, after exhaustive study of the 
subject. The Cleveland report showed 
that the direct annual damage due to 
the smoke nuisance in that city was 
between $5,000,000 and $6,000,000. 
‘“Assuminz that Atlanta is one-fourth 
cleaner than Cleveland, which is 
doubtful,” he said, “the annual loss 
from smoke in this city would amount 
to $2,000,000, which, L think, is a 
conservative figure.” 

Summarizing the work -of his de- 

in the matter of smoke 
ment, Mr. Stillwell reported that 
“last year thrity-two plants were re- 
modeled or installed new under ‘the 
supervision of the department. These 
plants, if properly operated, will fune- 
tion without violating the smoke law. 
Of the thirty-two plants, fifteen are 
high-pressure or power plants, and 
seventeen are low-pressure or heating 
plants. Of the fifteen high-pressure 
plants, nine are new installations com- 
plete and are equipped with some 
type of hand or mechanical stokers 
and special furnaces. The remaining 
Six répresent remodeling of furnaces 
only. 
Kinds of Plants. 

“OF the seventeen low-pressure 
plants, six are of the down-draft or 
double-grate type, and eleven are of 
the single-grate type, with special 
furnace construction to insure smoke- 
less combustion.” | 

Regarding the department's gas 
tests last yéar Mr. Stillwell's report 
showed that the average British ther- 
mal units of gas furnished consumers 
by the Atlanta Gas company for the 


twelve months of 1921. was 575.90 
which was .99 above the standard re- 
quired heating value for the gas, 

The gas company and the mechani- 


OPEN NIGHTS 


Dr. E. G. Griffin 


“Beginning 


dental 
reach of all. Small prof- 
its, volume of busines 
and high-class work. 
You take no chances 
in having your work 
done here. LOOK, 
THINK and 
CONSIDER 
these remark- 
ably LOW 
of om Dg 


Uw 


DON'T DELAY 


/ 


62) 


J 
< 


Open Daily 8 A. M. to 9 P. M. 


today — 
now—I cut prices on all! 
work within the 


4 


SET OF TEETH 


PHONE MAIN 1708 


Gold 


Crowns 
22-KT. 


$4.00 


Bridge work, 


Gold or Porcelair 
PER TOOTH 


$5.00 
Set of Good Tee?! 


$10.00 


Free Examination 


cut this ad out, bring it with you 
I do as I advertise. 


Or. E. G. Griffin's Dentis 


Gate City Dental Rooms 
Whitehall St. 


Corner Hun‘e~ 


‘NO LONG WAITS 
Lady Attendant 


— 


, not present 


City in 1921 


cal engineering department maintain 
calorimeters side by side in the base- 
ment at city hall. Readings are taken 
three times daily, except Sundays and 
holidays, and the averages of the gas 
company and ‘the city are computed 
and compared. 

The report also explained the re- 
sults of the department in tests by 
its laboratory division of samples of 
, coal, gasoline, lubricants and stock 
feed bought by the city. It showed 
that 141 samples of coal had been 
analyzed, eighty-six samples of gaso- 
line, thirty-six samples of stock feed, 
eighty-six samples of lubricants, one 
sample of cotton seed meal. 


_ Gas Readings. 
“readings, giving the average 
UL. by months, follow: ~ 
Average, 
SARUOLT «40s cccccsccchacécess een 
Se Oe 
580.97 
582.42 
00 
5OF09 
557.39 
September, repairs and removal of 
calorimeter. 
| October 576.90 
November ~.... 578.16 
Deeember 
Average B. 
1921 was 575.99. City’s average for 
past three months, as determined in 
new testing laboratory, 577.92. Gas 
company’s average over the same pe- 
riod in new laboratory, 579. 


HOWELL BADLY BEATE 
BY MURDER SUSPECT 


Plans to Capture Cochran 
Meet Disastrous End, Says 
Former Sleuth. 


— 


Gas 
4 


authorities were searching 
vigor for A. M. Cochran, 
fugitive with a price on his head 
charged with the murder of Deputy 
Sheriff Vernon J. Yarborough, follow- 
ing reports that he attacked and se- 
verely beat O. M. Howell, former city 
i deteetive convicted of possessing 
‘liquor, when Howell attempted to cap- 
ture him Friday night. 

Ilowell ‘old the police that in order 

‘oc capture Cochran, he had arranged 
itor the latter to deliver a quantity of 
‘Jiquor to him at the Bellwood bridge 
l’riday night, where deputy sheriffs 
were to be in waiting. He stated that 
in some way Cochran suspected the 
scheme, intercepted him in the yard 
lof the English Avenue school and, 
with two confederates, gave Howell 
a severe beating. 

The former detective declared that 
he might have been killed had not pas- 
(sengers from a passing street car 
| rushed to his rescue. 

Deputy Yarborough is said to have 
| been slain by Cochran at Peachtree 
|street and North avenue last July 
| when the officer, who had just been 
, sworn in, attempted to arrest Coch- 
' ran in an alleged liquor transaction. 

| Howell declared that, in addition to 
: 


Police 
with new 


his desire to aid Sheriff Lowry in 
capturing Coecnran, he acted with the 
idea of “putting himself square’ with 
the public as regards his conviction in 
the police scandal. 

It is understood that his 
will not prove serious. 


injuries 


Ne Competition 
For Ford Offer, 


Declares Weeks 


Washington, January %.—Henry 
Ford’s offer for the lease and opera- 
tion of Musele Shoals, Ala., ni- 
trate and water power projects was 
characterized today by Secretary 
Weeks as “the only comprehensive 
propositidn before him which in- 
cluded both the construction of. the 
project and the manufacture of fertil. 
izers,”’ 

The offers of Frederick Engstrum, 
of Wilmington, N. C., and C. C. Tink- 
ler, of San Francisco, were held to 
be “not in competition” with that ad- 
vanced by Mr. Ford. 

The plan of these two, it was ex- 
plained, related almost entirely to con- 
struction, and did not provide for the 
manufacture of fertilizer by private 
enterprise. 

Offer Withheld. 


Although Mr. ‘Tinkler announced, 
before his conference with the scereta- 
ry, that he had prepared his offers in 
detail, it was learned later that he did 
it to Mr. Weeks, and 
would withhold its presentation until 
he could make certain modifications 
in the plan as drafted. It was for 
this purpose, it was said, that Mr. Tink- 
ler and F. C. Hitchcock, his engineer 
associate, went to consult with Major 
General Breach and Brigadier Genera) 
Taylor, chief, and assistant chief, re- 
spectfully, of army engineers. 

The secretary did not know what the 
modifications proposed by the Califor- 


Se et ee a ete 


| hians would be, but said they would 


seek information from the engineers 
immediately and probably would sub- 
mit their offer to him formally as soon 
as they prepared it. 


Construction Only. 


In its preesnt form, it was ex- 
plained, the Tinkler proposition re- 
lated entirely to construction work on 
the Muscle Shoals properties, and 
failed to provode for the manufacture 
of fertilizers by the plants there. 

The Engstrum proposal was given 
a similar’ classification. Neither 
could be accepted, it was said, in com- 
petition with the Ford bid, for the 
reason that they failed to provide for 


fertilizer manufacture by private en- 
_terprise, and without governmental 
/ supervision. 
| Senator Harris, of Georgia, also con- 
ferred* with the war secretary today 
, on the Muscle Shoals question. He 
| told of the tremendous interest on the 
| part of the people of his state in the 
manufacture of fertilizers and develop- 
ment of power. ; 

The senator urged Mr. Weeks not 
| to give control of the Muscle Shoals 
properties to any corporation con- 
trolled by the fertilizer or power 
trusts. In planning his lease to the 
properties, the senator urged that he 
| investigate the stockholders of the 
| companies bidding for such leases, and 
|asked that the names of the stock- 
holders of the companies be incorpo- 
|raed as a part of the secretary’s re 
port to congress. 


Cigar, Celluloid Collar, 
Bearded Passenger; 
No, It Isn’t Movie 


AE eee en Cate 


os ed 


Berlin. January 7.—A bearded pas- 


| verely: burned yesterday when a man 
i nearby accidentally touched his cellu- 
, laid collar with ‘a lighted cigar. His 
| beard, moustache. eyebrows and hair 
i; were burned off, and his elothing set 
| afire. Several other passengers suf- 
fered slight burns, | 


OPIUM HAlI| |$2,000,000 Loss Is Cause 


‘ 


TOWARDS ENGLAND 
IS VERY BITTER 


Whole Situation Arises 
| Out of Differing Inter- 
ests of Two Nations in 
Regard to Germany. 


* 
BY SIR PHILIP GIBBS. 

London, January 7.—There is 
no question s9 important now in 
its bearing cn the future peace 
settlement of the world as_ the 
political attitude of France _ to- 
wards European reconstruction and 
her state Of mind regarding sjngland. 
This is a difficult question to discuss 
frankly by an Englishman who is a 
friend of France, as most Englishmen 
I know desire to be, remembering with 
admiration and emotion the heroism 
of the French people with whom the 
flower of our youth fought and died. 

It is not only difficult but impos- 
sible for us to believe that with so 
many fields of France filled with our 
dead,,there should quickly after that 
war be differences in view so vital, 
so passionate, so menacing, that they 
should conjure up, however faintly, 
the awful possibility of conflict be- 
tween us in coming years. 

Yet I should be a liar if J disguised 
the painful truth that our differences 
are of that extreme and perilous kind, 
and that the French demand for great 
submarine power. following a_ three- 
year campaign of ‘itter criticism of 
all England does and desires. has 
eaused the most shocking sensation 
and anxiety throughout the British 
empire. 

Insulted by France, 

I can hardly expect to be believed 
by Americans when I] say that ever 
since the discussion of the peace 
treaty at Versailles, when French crit- 
icism of our political views began to 
he heard with increasing  asperity, 
there has been a benevolent consviracy 
of silence on the part of the British 
press, hiding from our own people 
manv of the aill-natured comments and 
hardly veiled insults in the French 
journals. That is true. as that every 
English journalist stil] bears witness, 
especially every journalist in Paris 
who has long been mortified and irri- 
tated by the long campaign of calum- 
ny. not done by irresponsible writers 
nor with the usual license of French 
satirical papers, but obviously directed 
and engineered as official propavanda. 
' Tt is to the honor of the British 
press, by no means spotless and ¢on- 
sistently hich souled. that there has 
heen very little retaliation beyond oc- 
easional. protests, and few general re- 
rorts as to this unfriendliness. - From 
The Times downward the _ British 
press has been natient and generons 
with Franee, trvin’ to meke full al- 
lawances for her point of view. en- 
deavoring. through. as T must admit, 
renerally failine. to understand her 
state of mind. Now. over submarines 
and German reparations, the strained 
relations have reached such a_ pitch 
that ther enannat he slurred over hy 
friendly pletitudes any longer, and the 
British public is face to face with the 
fact that French opinion, or at least 
French government policy. is utterly 
hostile to our own. and is prepared to 
sustain that hestility by measures 
which directly challenge our future ex- 
istence, That is so at least until the 
French government entirely  with- 
draws its claim to the vast expansion 
of snbmarine power. There is not a 
single man or woman in Great Britain 
who doesn’t agree absolutely with Mr. 
Ralfour that we can never willingly 
allow France to sew her channel with 
submarines which can have-no other 
object at all than to sink British mer- 
chant ships and British cruisers in 
time of war. There is no other nse 
to which such weapors conld he put 
and Franee has so far declined to 
rame an alternative nse, though treat- 
the suggestion that if menaces 
Britain as an insult unworthy an an- 
swer. 


. 
miner 


Seas Vital to England. 

It needs no argument to show that 
Britain is utterly dependent on the 
highways of the seas for her vital 
needs, whereas, France 1s immune 


from attack by sea owing to her con- 
tinental position. Great Britain could 
be strangled to death in three months 
if cut off from communication. It 
would stop -her artertes, her heart’s 
blood. On the other hand, no British 
army could inflict a mortal blow on 
France in three months, or three hun 
dred. Now, what is behind all this 
French policy? Has France real causes 
of grievance against the British na- 
tion? Have we betrtyed her, stepped 
across her path, acted in any way un- 
generously? If I believed wa bad 
done so, I should say so, careless of 
consequences, but I cannot discover 
any single case in which we have not 
dealt fairly and squarely with our 
French neighbors. 

They accuse us of intriguing against 
their interests in Syria. So far from 
being the-case, our officers, as I happen 
to know, were instructed to defer to- 
ward France in every way at Beyrouth, 
Aleppo and in Cilicia, and they car- 
ried out their instructions in the most 
friendly spirit. 

They say that we gained everything 
out of the peace treaty, that France 
gained nothing. That indictment can- 
not be maintained. The German fleet, 
which was our greatest peril, was 
scrapped, and Germany, which was 
the greatest meanace to France, was 
disarmed. Very foolishly, we took 
mandates over the German colonies in 
Africa which are now costing us money 
we can ill afford, but France has more 
eolonial territory in Nerth Africa than 
shecan manageandas much, anyhow, 
as Clemenceau desired. 

France has not paid one penny of 
her immense debts té us (500,000,000 
million pounds sterling). and we have 


Call Ivy 1268 . 
CITY COAL CQ. 


$7.00 


For Smokeless Lump, 
the Best for Furnace..... 


She Daffodii 
111 N. PRYOR 
_ $1.25 Special Dinner 


Mastard Chow Chow 
Consomme Princess 
Roast Young Turkey 
With Dressing 
Cranberry Sauce 
or 
Fried Chicken 
Choice of Any Two Vegetables 


f 


senger on a Berlin street car was se- | 


Head Lettuce Russian Dressing 
Choice of Desserts 
Hot Rolis 


Coffee Tea, Milk 


ALSO REGULAR: MENU 
, 


| 


| Whereas, Great Britain for the sake 


| 


treaty and made a separate arrange- 
ment with Germany at Wiesbaden and 
afterward a separate peace wtih the 
Turks, we did not reproach her indig- 
nantly for such compacts, which we 
should have been justified in resenting 
as not very scrupulous in loyalty. The 
general body of opinion in England 
was all for French priority in any pay- 
ments from Germany, and was favora- 
bly disposed te make,a clean sweep of 
all French debts to us. 

It is possible that France has some 
legitimate grievances against us. It is 
almost certain that on minor points 
she may be justified in some irritation 
against us, for no two peoples can 
nlease each other every time. But | 
broadly and largely. Britain has not 
been guilty of any mean. ungentlemanly 
or disloyal act toward the French gov- 
ernment or people. 

Cause of Feeling. 

What isthe causeeof the ill-feeling ; 
in France? It is, alas, very simple, 
and utterly incurable unless the 
Freneh state of mind changes fun- 
damentally. It boils down to this: 


of her own tfade and markets, which 
are stricken with creeping paralysis, 
recognizes the need of German recov- | 
ery of prosperity, France. not so de- 
pendent on her export trade, supply- 
ing her own food, and determined to | 
obtain German indemnities, does not 
intend to let Germany become stron: 
again, because with such strength will 
revive the old peril across the fron- 
tiers. Those two angles of thought 
can never meet except in conflict. 
They cut across each other at every 

nt, in every conversation, in every 
negotiation. france sees nothing but 
treachery in every British proposal 
to Germany of a little relief blank 
treachery in British hopes that Up- 
per Silesia would be adjudged main- | 
ly to Germany, the most horrible dis- 
loyalty in the British inclination to 
modify the terms of German repara- 
tions. 

I can understand the French sus- 
picion and disgust because we seem 
to be leaning always to the German 
side of the argument, shrinking from 
the French severities dealing with the 
enemy. How is it, they ask natural- 
lv enough, that you see such sweet 
reasonableness in the German argu- 
ments and German pleas for post- 
ponement or avoidance of debts, Ger- 
man insincerities and dishonesties? 

The answer is simple, but uncon- 
vincing to any Frenchman. Because 
in England there are two men out of 
work because ‘ British exports or 
manufactured goods. upon which our 
life as a nation depends, have de- 
clined bv 638 per cent, because our 
ships are without cargoes and the 
world’s carrying trades are strangled, 
because England will perish unless 
there is a revival of prosperity in Eu- 
rope, which can never happen if Ger- 
many is kept in a bankrupt state, s 
reacting in decadence and_ disease 
upon all surrounding countries. 

America Holds Scales. 


There are other thoughts in the 
minds of the British people not so 
material, hopes of idealists who be- 
lieve in the spirit of the Washing- 
ton conference, who see no chance for 
peace in the world, no return to com- 
mon sense, unless there is a washout 
of old enmities and forgiveness of 
sins in a large, practical sense. But 
it is useless to talk to the French 
people along those lines because their 
long sufferings have made them cyni- 
cal and traditionally they do not be- 
lieve in the idealism of Great Brit- 
ain, for which in the past they have, 
I admit, some justification. 

What will be the outcome of this 
difference between France and Eng- 
land? America perhaps will hold the 
seales. It is only American influence 
thrown on the side of disarmament 
and the abolition of submarine policy, 
as well as the side of economic ar- 
rangements based upon international 
justice and sanity, that can Stifle a 
new peril to the peace of the world. 
There will be no spirit of peace if 
France insists on naval as well as 
military power in order to enforce 
her will on Europe regardless of the 
general ruin. Great Britain has no 
such ambitions. For self-interest alone 
bids her work for the recovery of all 
nations, for good will among them be- 
cause otherwige her own prosperity 
will never'return. Neither America 
nor Great Britain need be self-right- 
eous because their material interests 
are best served by help to others. 
France must be converted to that way 
of thought by those among her own 
people, many of them, who already 
hold their faith. 

(Copyright, 1922, for The Constitu- 
tion). 


A 


A remarkable eollection of pie- 
tures, which will be more highly 
prized as years go by, is the series 
of American aeronautical  photo- 
graphs which ex-Mayor. Ernest 
Jones, army air service, has gathered 
during his fifteen years in this work. 
They cover the development of aero- 
nautics, .particularly aviation, from 
1863 to 1917. The 1,800 photographs 
visualize the successive steps made 
by the Wright brothers, Curtiss, 
Thomas, Wittemann and other pio- 
neers in this country. Some of ‘these 
are the only pictures in existence of 
certain machines and events. “It is 
probable,"q says United States Air 
Service, “that this is the most com- 
plete collection of air photographs 
in America.” 


Dancing Teachers 
Wanted at Once 


Arthur Murray has openings for two 
people of refinement. No experience 
necessary, but must be willing to take 
a thorough course in training. An un- 
usual opportunity is offered. Telephone 
today. Hemlock 4840.—(adv.) 


NOTICE 


Application has been made to the Geor- 
gia’ Securities Commission by the Great 
Western Loan and Investment Company, of 
Abilene, Texas, chartered under the laws 
of Texas, for permission to sell $100,000 of 
its 3 per cent loan and home purchasing 
contracts. The officers and directors are: 
T. A. Russell, Abilene, Texas, president; 
J. H. Russell, Dallas, Texas, vice presi- 
dent, and W. LL. Russell, Abilene, secretary. 
The capital stock is $25,000 fully paid. The 
company proposes to sell contracts permit- 
ting the members to borrow money for build- 
inc homes at 3 per cent annual interest. 


ADVERTISEMENT 


Proposal for Furnishing Material 
and Constructing a Filter Plant and 
Clear Water Reservoir for the-City 
of Atlanta, Georgia. 


Sealed proposals for furnishing material 
and constructing a Filter Plant and a Clear 
Water Reservoir for the City of Atlanta, 
Georgia, will be received by the Purchasing 
Agent of the City of Atlanta at the City 
Hall until 2:30 p. m. on the Slst day of 
January, 1922. 

The work will consist of a Reinforced 
Concrete Filter Plant of 7 untis of 3,000,000 
gellons daily capacity each with Laborgtory 
attached, A 10,000,000-gallon Reinforced 


Concrete covered Reservoir, a Reinforced 
Concrete Wash Water Tank, together with | 
Reinforced Concrete Conduits, cast iron pipe | 
lines with miscellaneous structures and ap- 
purtemances and cogmections to be present | 


sy } 
Each proposal must be @ccompanied by a 
certified check payable to the City of At 
lanta in an amount equal to 5 per cent of 
the bid as a guarantee that the contract : 
will be entered into if awarded. A Bond . 
of One Hundred (100) per cent of the con- | 
tract price will be required. Payments 
will be made in cash on monthly estimates. 
Plans and specifications are on file at 
the office of the General Manager of the 
Atlanta Waterworks, .City Hall, Atlanta: | 
. H. Norcross, Consulting Engineer, 1405. 
Candler Building. Atlanta. and with the En- 
gineering News- . New York City. 
Bidders may obtain copies of the specifi- | 
cations from the Purchasing Acent by en- | 
closing check for twenty-five ($25.00) doi- | 
lars payable to the City of Atlanta and te 
be held by him until return of the speciifcn. | 
tions in cood condition. Blue prints may be | 
had at the cost of printing. The City re- 
serves the right to es ss and | 
. . . : , vty + . . 
Purchasing Agent, City of Ga. 


ve hye 


,. pacifist 
‘the political ring by President Wil- | 
' son, and asserted that while too much | 


\Townsend asserted 


of him than I do now. 


he had 


IN NEWBERRY CASE 


Washington, January 7.—Senate 
debate on the Newberry case came 
to a dramatic climax today, when Sen- 
ator Townsend, or Michigan, speak- 
ing in behalf of his colleague, de- 
clared that certain interests had 
threatened his political life if he voted 
to sustain the fight of Senator New- 
berry to his seat over the contest of 
Henry Ford. 

Senator Townsend frankly declared 
that if he consuited only his political 
future he might be tempted to be si- 
lent on the whole question of the 
Ford-Newberry ~contest. But with 
great feeling he declared he could not 
and would not take the easier path 
for in so doing he would stultify him- 
self, and do violerce to his own con- 
science, and courage 

Time and again the Michigan sena- 
tor was interrupted as he attacked 
the enemies of Nev berry, who he said 


were “trying to deprive him ,of his | 


seat out of animosity, and hatred.” | 
Iie characterized Henry Ford as a: 
who had Seen thrown into 


money had been spent in the Michi- | 
gan campuign for Newberry’s good, 
the chance of no poor man was hurt 
because all of the candidates in the 
three-cornered primary were million- 
aires. ~* 

Praises Newberry. 


Describing Senator Newberry as 
“the peer of any man in this cham- 
ber,” Senator Townsend announced 
that his colleague would appear on 
the floor Monday to speak for him- 
self, ready to submit to reasonable 
questioning, but that he would not 
subject himself to cross-examination 
or heckling. 

“As, I don’t doubt,” he declared, 
“that this good man who is this mo- 
ment a senator would give every dol- | 
lar he had if he had never entered | 
the campaign. He has suffered the 
tortures of hell: he has been cilified | 
and accused and blamed, and it’s all | 
the worse because I’m-convinced it’s 
a political job.” 

Turning to members on the demo- 
cratic side, Senator Townsend told 
them that there must have been a 
time when some of them. like’ New- 
berry, had suffered from the foolish 
acts of their friends. 

Addresses Heflin. 

Senator Townsend took up the siate- 
ments of Senator Heflin, democrat, 
Alabama, who declared yesterday that 
he proposed to submit a series of ques- 
tions which he said might prove em- 
barrassing to Mr. Newberry. Mr. 
that Mr. Heflin 

id no right to treat a colleague in 
that. manner, and added: 

“And if he does, I shall think less 


‘7 


Mr. Heflin replied to this by saying 
no intention to heckle Mr, | 


Newberry. 


Senator Trammell, democrat. Flor- | 


ida, also engaged in exchanges with 
Mr. Townsend, and into these collo- 


quies 
publican, Missouri, who is leading the : 
f ’ 


entered Senator Spencer, re- ' 


ight for Newberry, and Senator 


Walsh, democrat, Montana, a strong 


opponent of 


the Michigan senator. 


Senators Spencer and Walsh sparred 


frequently over legal 
Newberry case. and at times the scene 


phases of the 


+ 


partook of the nature of a courtroom | erase 
rather than a legislative body because | i 


of extended technical arguments. 


Senator Trammell later 


thirty minutes in denunciation of the 


claims for retention by Mr. Newberry 
of his seat, devoting his time largely 
to a review of the evidence in the court 
trial 
declared that much of the testimony 
was it was ri- 
diculous to claim it was true. | came 
Discussing the expenditures in the! >> 
Michigan primary. Mr. Trammell as-! 3%» 
serted that throughout the court and ! = 24 
committee records alike ran a thread js 
of “money, money everywhere, money | } 
from beginning to end.”’ 


and senate investigation. He 


so full of holes that 


“This money was not used,” he said, ¢ 


spoke for | 


' 
i 


; % 
' ' 


ngs 
the Michigan statutes. 
Sorhe senator from Missouri, Mr. 
cer, says there was nothing wrong 
in manner or morale. “If there was 
nothing wrong in the Michigan case, 
then the fl must be opened.” 


Galleries Crowded. 


The galleries were crowded through- 
out the session, and among the many 
onlookers were Senator Newberry’s 
two sons, while in another gallery sat 
Alfred Lucking, Henry Ford’s counsel. 

Senator Townsend referred to the 
presence of Mr. Ford's “paid agent” 
in his speech, and in that connection 
mentioned reference by Senator Ken- 
yon. republican, lowa, in a recent at- 
tack on Newberry to the workings of 
a “social lobby.”” The senior Michi- 
gan senator declare@ he Knew noth- 
ing of such a force, but added that he 
would rather be subjected to the in- 
fluence of friendship than to that of 
“bitter partisanship and contemptible 
underhand dealing.’ Mr. Townsend 
then told the senate that he had seen 
senators talking with the “paid agent” 
of Mr. Ford jin the senate lobby. 


The Wednesday Night 
Dancing Club Is Again 
In Need of Men! 


Ladies are now being admitted, but 
we need more men. Of almost 100 
members, more than half of them are 
ladies. For men who want tv learn 
the new steps, at the same time fSvend 
a pleasant evening among econgeniai 
people, this is an unusual opportunity. 
Of course references are required. The 
class is personally taught by Arthur 
Murray, recognized as America's fore- 
most authority on social dancing. ‘The 
class is almost full. To be sure of 
getting in, telephone for reservation 
today. Hemlock 4840.—(adv.) 


THAT THE MOUTH AND 
TEETH REQUIRE MORE 
PERSONAL ATTENTION 


Fifty thousand American Dentists have 
organized to teach the general public the 
great importance of “MOUTH HYGIENE,”’ 
the good derived from this wonderful wun- 
dertaking can not be estimated, many mil- 
bions of people will appreciate this teaching 
and devote a few moments a day to the 
care of their mouths and teeth, 

To greatly increase safety, and to more 
nearly perfect a treatment for “HOME 
USE” in the daily care of the @nouth, 
PYRODINE, a preparation derived from 
the most reliable remedies used by the Den- 
tal profession, is being offered through the 
drug trade at a most nominal cost. PYRO- 
DINE is designed and manufactured by our 
own American dentists, men who have had 


/ many years’ experience in the treatment of 


PYORRHEA and all other disorders of the 
mouth and teeth, these men we know, are 
familiar with the requirements of our 
mouths. PYRODINE is the most perfect 
cleansing agent that can be safely taken 
into the mouth, and is the most valuable 
remedy krown, for the relief and preven- 
tion of PYORRHEA., 

To serve those whose druggists will for a 
time be unable to supply, we will mail. a 
dollar bottle, for an additional 10e for mail- 
ing. Pyrodine is recommended to you by 
dentists who know your needs. 

See your druggist, or order dfrect from 


THE READ CHEMICAL CO. 
Columbus, Ga. 


South-Eastern Distributors. 


Cold 
Woter 


rED BY 


fe ’ 
SP tpeme Gaedtee et ata Go 


soe & 
wo Daas ¢ 14s lgure wad © aa bp we 


TIONS sis “ 


NRECT. 


i. FINISH 


gUFACT 
AINT Co., Atlanta, Go. 


ria 


TReOE MARK REICISTE RLS 


‘Cold Water 
ne 


a’ 


Walls tinted with DICO- 
MURA bave a_ beautiful 
velvety appearance” not 
found in ordinary wall cov- 
erlngs. It goes further at 
same cost and is easily ap- 
plied. 


Manufactured by 


Tripod Paint Co. 


ATLANTA, GA. 


oid 
ater 


yc 
t 


surplus money. 


time receive a reasonable 


vestment. 
vou. 


Sam Weyman Bayne Gi 


will bring you many opportunittes to invest your 
Have you investigated the satest 
plan to keep your principal intact and at the same 


$500 or $50,000 bought through 


WEYMAN & CONNORS 


will meet every requirement of sound, profitable in- 
We would appreciate an interview with 


623-4-5-6 Grant Building 


22 


return? A mortgage tor 


bson Andrew Chapman 


AUDITS 


BIBB REALTY BLD. 
MACON 


FEDERAL TAXES 


DAWSON & EIDSON 


CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 


SYSTEMS 


ATLANTA TRUST BLD. 
ATLANTA 


. 


W ELLS—Died Saturday afternoon at 
a local] hospital, Mr. William Wells, 
of Jackson, Ga., in his 40th year. 
Remains will be sent this morning 
to Jenkinsburg, Ga., for funeral and 
interment. Awtry & Lowndes Co., 
funeral directors, - — Ls 


RAWLINS—Funeral for Mr. W. M. 
Rawlins will take place this morn- 
ing at 11 o’clock at Zoar, church. 
Rev. W. M. Albert will officiate. Fu- 
neral cortege will proceed from the 
residence, No. 100 South Delta, at 9 
o'clock. Awtry & Lowndes Co., fu- 
neral directors. 


ADDAMS—Died, Saturday night, at 
his residence, 7 Edwards street, 
Mr. Clarence M. Addams, in his 29th 
year. He is survived by his wife, 
mother, Mrs. W. F. Fowler: one son, 
Jack Addams, and one brother, Mr. 
E. V. Addams. The body was re- 
moved to the chapel of Awtry & 
Lowndes, Co., where the funeral ar- 
rangements will be announced later. 


SHEPARD—Died, Satumlay night. 
at a local hospital, Mr. ‘Charles H. 
Shepard, of Edison, Ga., in his 55th 
year. He is survived by his wife, 
One daughter, Miss Ruby Shepard, 
of Edison, Ga.: two sons, Mr. Les- 
ter Shepard, of Edison, Ga., and Mr. 
Harvey Shepard, of Richland. Ga. 
The body was removed to tite chapel 
of Awtry & Lowndes Co., and was 
carried this morning at 7:45 o’ciock 
to Edison, Ga., for funeral and jn- 
terment. 


HENDRIX—Mrs, Adda I. Hendrix 
died at her home near Tucker, Ga.., 
Saturday morning, January 7. She 
is survived by her husband, Mr. J. G. 
Hendrix; two sons, Henry Clay and 
Attie Perry Hendrix, and four 
daughters, Misses Ella Mae, Georgia. 
Ruth and Lottie Hendrix. Funeral 
services will be conducted by Rev. 
Charlie Singleton at the Chamblee 
Methodist church Sunday, January 
8, atlo’clock. <A. 8S. Turner, funere 
al director, Decatur, Ga.. in charge. 


REEVES—Died Friday at Clarks- 
ville, Ga., Mr. E. Dalco Reeves, pro- 
prietor of Clarkesville hotel], in his 
58th year, Surviving, besides his 
wife, are three sons, W. R. Reeves, 
Clarkesville: J. C. and E. D. Reeves, 
Jr., both of Atlanta; two sisters, 
Mrs. W. H. B. Fairey and Mrs. W. 
I’. Fairy, both of Orangeburg, S. C.: 
one brother, Geo. W. Reeves, of 
Branchville, S. C. Remains are at 
the chapel of Awtry & Lowndes Co., 
and will be sernt Monday morning 
to Orangeburg, 8S. C., for funeral and 
interment. 


RICHARDS—Friends of Mrs. Sarah 
Richards, Mrs. M. O. Peavy, 
Misses Ida and Eva Richards, Mrs. 
M. L. Beatie, Mrs. J. W. Waters, Mrs. 
J. T. Pitman, Mrs. O. O. Etheridge, 
Mr. James C. Peavy, Mr. Frank 
Peavy and their families are invited 
to attend the funeral of Mrs. Sarah 
E. Richards today (Sunday), Janu- 
ary 8, 1922, at 3 p. m., from the res- 
idence, 71 West Tenth street, Dr. R. 
O. Flinn and Dr. J. Sprole Lyons 
officiating. The following gentle- 
men will serve as pallbearers and 
please meet atthe residence: Messrs. 
J. C. Peavy, Frank Peavy, O. QO. 
Etheridge J. A. Thomas, J. W. Wal- 
ters, J. B. Berry and Richard Pines. 
Interment at West View. Barclay 
& Brandon Co., morticians. 


ADDY—Mr. Jacob 8S. Addy, age 78, a 
Confederate Veteran, died Friday 
night at the home of his son, J. G. 
Addy, 232 College street, Decatur, 
Ga. He is survived by his wife and 
four chiidren, J. G. Addy, of Deca- 
tur, Ga.: Jacob S.. Addy, Jr., of At- 
lanta; Mrs. Robert H. Morris, of 
Hoddenyield. N. J.. and Miss Alma 
Addy, of Chickasha, Okla. * Funeral 
services will be held at the home of 
J. G. Addy! 232 College street, De- 
catur, Ga. on Monday afternoon, 
January 9, at 3 p. m. Rev. G. ; 
Eakes, of Decatur, officiating. The 
following gentlemen will please act 
as pallbearers and meet at the home 
at 2:45 p. m.: Hon. H. M. Stanley. 
Colonel Geo. M. Napier, Judge James 
R. George, M. L. Brown, J. A. Me- 
Crary and C. J. Sullivan. Arrange- 
ments in charge of . SS Turne®r, 
funeral] director, Deeatur, Ga. 


STEWART—tThe friends of Mr. 
Frank W. Stewart, Mr. and Mrs. P. 
A. Stewart, Mr. and Mrs. W. ©. Zel- 
lars. Miss Martha Stewart, Dr. W. 
H. H. Stewart, Mrs. J. M. Stewart, 
Mrs. Leila O. Daley, Mr. and Mrs. 
Harry S. Daley, of Pittsburg, Pa.; 
Mr. and Mrs. L. F. Daley, of New 
York: Mr. and Mrs. Alex Brown, of 
Tennille, Ga.: Mr. and Mrs. Hurry 
G. Poole and Mr. Harry G. Poole, 
Jr.. are invited to attend the funeral 
of Mr. Frank W. Stewart tomorrow 
(Monday) morning, at 11 o'clock, 
from the chapel of Harry G. Poole. 
The Rev. F. C. MeConnel] will offi- 
ciate. Interment private (Oakland 
cemetery). The followin& géntiemen 
will please act as pallbearers and 
meet at the chapel at 10:45 m.3 
Mr. Cc. V. Weathers, Mr. A. 
Mr. Cc. C. Malone, 
Flint. Dr. R. G. Stephens 
Tedd Liddell. 


HAMILTON—tThe friends and rela- 
tives of Mr. and Mrs. James 8S. Ham- 
ilton, Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Lockhart, 
Mr. and Mrs. Guyton McLendon, Miss 
Anna Hamilton, of Athens, Ga.; Mrs. 
Francis Fontaine, of Athens. Ga.: 
Mr. and Mrs. James S. Davent. of 
Mermphis, Tenn.: Mr. and Mrs. Guy 
Hamilton. of Dalton, Ga.: Mr. and 
Mrs. Leon Southerland. Miss Marian 
Hamilton and Dr. and Mrs. Hugh M. 
Lokey are invited to attend the fu- 
neral services of Mr. James 8S. Ham- 
ilton at the residence, 312 Myrtle 


u> 
i‘s. 


and 


FOR 


SALE 


Flat newsprint paper suitable for 
small publishers and job printers. 
The price is right. 


P. O. Box 1731, Atlanta, Ga. 


x a ef oe £- 


a ee ee eee 


re pe i 


RROLL& HUNTER é 


street. this (Sunday) afternoon,-Jan- 
urary & 1922, at 3 o’clock. Rev. 
Cc. B. Wilmer will officiate. Inter- 
ment will be private in West View 
cemetery. The following gentlemen 
will please act as pallbearers nad 
meet at the chapel of H. M. Pat- 
terson & Son at 2:30 o'clock: Mr. 
Kerdall Weisiger, Mr. Elliott Jen- 
ning? Mr. Leon Sortherland, Dr. 
Hugh M. LokKey., Mr. J. G. Law and Mr. 
Hamilton Yancey, Jr. The follow- 
ing gentlemen will please act as 
honorary escort and meet at the 
residence as above at 2:45 o'clock: 
Mr. H. H. Cabeniss, Judge ColauithL 


' Carter. Mr. B. M. Blackburn. Mr. Jo6- 


seph »Cook, Dr. H. Z. Hollida*. Dr, 
Joseph Jacobs and Colonel H. M. 
Patty. 


Card of Thanks. 


Ure. J. W. Roberts and famille wish to 
thank their friends for the many kintiressecs 
shown, sympathy exnressed, and benutiful 
fioral offerings tendered, in their recent 
bereavement. 


Awtry & Lowndes Co. 


Funeral Directors 
Prompt Ambulance Service i 


WE SELL FORD CARS 
A. L. BELLE ISLE —IVY 507 


PROFESSIONAL CARDS. 


SSS SSSS SSPE e SSS SSSR ESE STEERS ST 
Mark Boiding 
Hugh Howell 
Blom, wore 
G BRtenbens 
& Heyman 


Call Ivy 1268 
CITY COAL CO. 
For the Best 
Red Ash at $7.50 Ton 


P. H. Brewster 
Albert Howell. Jt. 
H. M. Porsey 
Arthur Heyman Rr 
Dorsey. Brewster. Howell 


A PERFECT CONTAINER FOR 
Vinegar,Beverages, 
B ™, Cider 

or 
LIQUIDS 

SENT 
PLAIN OR 
CHARRED 


Sent by Parcel Post 


VOT literature on kegs and bar- 
rels describifig grades and sizcs. 


VOL. LIV., No. 210. ) - ATLANTA, GA., SUNDAY MORNING; JANUARY 8, 1922. 


SCACEASCASCASCASOCASOASC SeAceace SCOASCA CCAS CACC ASOACS we So SS No SS WS Na WS Gs WG WD oe SS’ WS WS 
ee eoVoeve SV OSV ce Vee y ce VY CoV Oa OSV OST COV OST COT OCT ESTES 


,™ 


ee AeeASeASeASeAse - SOASOASCOACOCA @eegseges e®AseAce CASCASCASOCAS C4 SCOACOASOACO ASO ae 
> eevecveo SO Vee FesVee OST Se TOOT SeSTeSVeSeTeSeTeeTve eeveevecvesve eveevee eeveevoeve 


eevecveovoo ‘ eevyeovoeove evyeevyeovyeovVoevoeevecyvoe SV OSV OST SOV OST OSV OST COV SOT OSV SOT OST O67 OST OOTY COV OCT OCT OCT SST esveeves 


Pronounced Savings Throughout the Entire Store 
Will Greet and Gladden Those Who Take Advantage of Our 


+ 


a 


een 
Sa. 


yp \ LON " a . a — eal Mail Orders Promptly 


Here Tomorrow Will af) “ew @ be be Wi Nt ry (sm "| Filled As Long As 
Be Profitably Spent Tica e a te 6 ri tas : J one A (cee Cote z= Quantities Last 
Bl cia K UY 


Every Minute Spent 


~ 


Bo 


Inventory, in a store like this, inevitably brings to light numbers of things that deserve passports for a Sale on the Sea of Clearance. Odds and ends of various kinds, rem- 
nants, broken assortments, discontinued lines, and so on ad infinitum—all seasonable things, of course—all good things, things of quality, things of real worth. But to 
keep stocks in\healthy condition they must be sold—and that without regard for value or any former pricing. That’s from our viewpoint. From yours it means a 


multiplication of benefits—a doubling up of opportunities for making the money spent go a mighty long way. And so there’s a rich harvest of savings for you here Monday. 
. ’ \ 
| 


VHF: 


New Spring Dresses—Special! | ,°om"’ 


LITTLE foretaste of what the spring Dresses will be like. Taffetas and canton crepes wrought ond 
A into new and most charming effects, are here in variety to please. And, by the way, they were 


se: 


4: 


. 
. 
OAS CASEASS DASEASEASEASEASEASEASOACELSCOASEACEASOASO ASO ASCO ASOASOAS*ASOASCUASOASCOASCOALS + 


4: 


CVS SV SPT ee T SOT ee ee Vee FOS VeseVeseVese Tee Veevee Veet eesT se eevee TesevecTesTes 
, 


$38: 


eei,6 
e 

. 

+ 


RES: 


eehen 
* oeWes eoVee Vos 


picked up at a price for a special introductory sale—that fact explains ‘the figures quoted below for Sweaters 
tomorrow’s selling. You'll like the dresses—you’ll wonder at the values! 


>) 5.00 : 3.8.00 2 2A 500 ae HOSIE RY 


He 


suit shades. Ahk. ¢pe Good Kinds 


Fourth Fourth de chines. Styles that Low Prices 


Floor Floor are thoroughly desir- | 
For $45.00 Values For $50.00 Values For $75.00 Values able and qualities above WOOL sport hose—odds and ends— 


—— question. excellent qualities. Havana brown, navy 


NE 


*4o0 


We > 


Woolen sweaters, col- and brown, greea and brown and oxford 
lege styles, in navy, gray. Wav below value 


| : * 
) red and white. For | 
clearance at just half SILK Hose—Gordon and _ Buster 
( ) , eC . former prices. Brown are the makes. ‘Tan, brown, 


black and white. Extra special... .$1-00 


4 


Odds and ends of Corsets representing all our Silk, satin and a few silk jersev Brassieres make NEW GRAY hose—very popular fot ; 
standard brands. Plain coutil or brocaded—pink up this lot. All excellent qualities. Model and W oolen wear with black slippers. Full fashioned / 
( : | wa or white. Mostly in medium bust styles. Sizes 2t B. & J. makes. A number of styles. Were from 2 Silk with silk tops—$3.50. values. .$2.55 
x1TiS to 28. Regularly $5.00 to $20.00 at Vg Price $2.00 up to $6.50. Now .......e00. veccees 14 Price Skirts With lisle tops—$2.50 valites...... $1.95 


Third Floor Third Floor SILK,-hose — full-fashioned — broken 


e 
Gingham P | are assoftments of various kinds. Brawn 
Clearance of Children ae 3 JESS gray and black. $2.50 qualities. ..$r1- 
Dresses } * ? —s ! r} LISLE hose—brown or black. Regu- 
| i : aw =A ’ a” Some are in navy and lar 50c qualities, and extra good at that. 
Comparatively new — and US 1] } } eCrwealr e nS : % 2 aoe ih Reanice Tomorrow—35c per pair or 3 pairs $1-c0 
Nest’ ae Wash anid good-look: we . ven sen } => there are quite a few wt se wil 
ast as -look- 4 mS ; 1 hse in ; 
“a ans , bea : ao AN ; +e fiodels in rich plaids COTTON hose—a big clearance lot 
ing as thé day they came Diaper Drawers—of soft longeloth trimmed , BN a and the wanted stripes. consisting: of soc tans and prays and 2&c 
stock. Beautiful plaids, t : idery | ears. r By oN For tomorrow 1-3 will bas phe SHS AUS BAS y OSHS - 5 
into stoc , p with lace or embroidery edges. I to 2 years | , YAN i | ee be deducted from the blacks. Special 29c per pair or 3 pairs 85c 
checks and stripes, as well 3 or : eR ; 4 3: Be . ast 
‘ $1.00 values . , | | Ly A\ | i mie usual prices. PE as 3 
as plain colors. Made in do7z- ; oreegg Coan = Yo oster) Main 
ens of attractive styles. High 85c qualities at . Fourth Floor Shop Floor 
neck, long sleeves—just the Knickerbocker Drawers—lace trimmed. 
things that school girls need . vears. Regular 65¢ values at 


ight now. Sizes 6 to 14. 5 . | 
“grea eams M. Knit Waists—with reinforced straps and tape , , | | | 
buttons. 2to15 years. 75c values.....+-..++++-: 45 ; AN meh: | ae a uC- U | On a y 
‘\ \ , ‘ 


Three Groups Princess Slips—of soft nainsook—with rows of » 7 <r N . | 
briarstitching, lace-trimmed ruffles, etc. 4 to I2 : \\ | | | A dD ° S 
Decidedly co aggre hart $1.00 : \\ Cl n the Lownstairs Store 


¥. 


+ 


sas: 


e 


oe 


Ps 


Sit 


ace 
_ 


se 
fe 


Princess Slips—with lace-trimmed yoke, lace 


beading and ribbon in neck and sleeves. 4 to I2 . cares ee aay \ ee MTNA aa 
years. $2.00 values et fe ia LIP | resses 


Underpriced 


eeAce 
ee 
pees 
<>< 
ele 


Bc 


as 


$ 98 $ 98 Teddies—drop seat—finished with lace-edged 3 : 
ruffles.. Of softest nainsook. Sizes 2 to 0. $3.00 | | 

SSE OE OOP IO OE PEE TEER AS, $1.50 ; Af $9.75 

$/ 98 Gowns—square or round neck—trimmed with : ~ ( » — . 

= embroidery, laces, beadings, ribbons. 2 to I2 Tricotine, poiret twill and a few silks. Odds 


. ~. P 
vears. $1.50 values * ( | O R k and ends. Styles that are correct for the 
Third Floor. caring ur aCIRS O winter. Worth the price over and 


Third 42 pe 3 2. All Women "5 over  Neerse Q: Blan kets 
f DRAPERY , | wASMUA Coron 
emnants wMateraArs| Win ter A Dpafre | vents 750]. | Sn 


S+sPhAee ane? 
hs 


- 
ae 


oWee 


~ 


-~ 


SY 3 ses 


re ED: 


+ 


%. 


—all way under value. 


$2.25—$2.95—$3.35 


In the collection will be found rem- hope ow 
: 4 , <§ Q@t.ces . ? . ° ° . 
as “4 - lbn wre i o> o ir TCR ee Sock: SNES, SEV RNN ee Mostly velours—browns, blues and blacks 
ee Cho : on, : make-up all tlie genuineness of quality “eel retell ees rs eo | 
tain and drapery fabrics. Choice pat- to 75c, at. . , Fs ase: nia ae . ‘ ' q , Some fur spre nse one embroidered. Real | woo, BLANKETS—Pure 
terns and colors. lengths range Values up S Its ea “ ee marks the garments we carry. pick-ups at this price........ wool of finest grades. 
LJ And the selection is good. Priced just halt Three groups that offer 


from 1 to 7 yards. A give-away at the to $1.00, at 1 
prices quoted for tomorrow's quick for tomorrow. ‘ values that have not been 


learance. Note them! Values up Ll; P , “ ai S ' equaled in a long time. 
“ Fifth Floor - to $1.50, at.... pein shat 50c ; 2 : rice Sto00 Suits - Ny a la ultS | $7.95, $9.95, $16.95 
, : 305.00 SUS at... cadences 


$73.00 Suits at : At $1 4.50) Ler ores 


MBRACING a wide range of the season’s Regular sizes in tricotine and velour, navy Comftor CS 


‘hoi : and brown. Out sizes in navy serge. Less | 
choice fabrics, and in styles that are strik- act” ube. catia anne 


HECKS—726-inch width. Regu- 
sg a at ’ f WV hite and ingly ‘handsome. Deft work hi d than half real worth 
ar 25¢c q ) O oats ng!) some. e workmanship an comforts with silkoline 


superb finish mark them as garments of dis- covers—figured with solid 


PERCALES—Light and dark—a special Wash (;ood S for Less tinction and quality. Three digi wed | Sweaters | border. Fun double-bed 
size. ery sharply 


lot of 25¢ quality at rene $49.50 Coats at 
underpriced 


5 


\ 


LONGCLOTH=—Colonial Dame — boxed, 
1o-vd. lengths. “ Speetal $1.95 Cc mM Nn an (S 


PRR 


se 
ee 


SS. 


$65.00 Coats at 


$42- 
GINGHAMS—Plaids, stripes, checks—de- $7" 60 Coats at $49: | 
table patterns. a5 pe and oe quay | 7 ‘ At $4.35 ay ten cage 
| on mixe illing—gooc 


ties at : 2 -IZ%C 
sateen covers—figured de- 


* LP : ¢: : ETTY WALES DRESSES—mostly silks Wool Sw —tans. bl blacks. Tuxe- ar itl d bord 
bess erviceable, seamless G hams—Outi | 4 a oo! Sweaters—tans, ues, iaCKS. uxe signs with soli orders. 
SHEETS Good, s ing ngs— —a few woolens and a few velvets—made ‘do and. coat: styles. Considerably Best possible values 


si tac iincita Speci . 
— ss neh ee =. Percales—Dimities— r e S ses with = - ss — 8 hear poe” 
PILLOW CASES—45x36 inches. Regu- : | D ness tha ol een re elight of the multi- 
larly 49¢c. Tomorrow’s price Pajama Checks— tude of Betty Wales wearers. 


Embroidered Pillow Cases, per pair. .$1.25 Nainsook—Batiste— lf, Ott on. Deeded may ey e 
SIH Bees brew es Davison-Paxon- 


DAMASK—70-inch, all linen Damask, $3.50 -| Longcloth— ‘ie oman 
Dresses at.......-$30.00 


quality at , : 
i Colored Voiles— 30.00 D (osunde el ( ! 
NAPKINS—All-linen, 22-inch Napkins. Licathe 100% wa Fourth Floor mcs ee fv Sto k e S ay omp any 


Values to $10.50 at, per dozen $7.45 Dresses at.......-$50.00 
* > Main Floor 


; a> 
teveceverve 


ve 


*:: 


oe Ye YS > ‘+ 
> sevaete teat ee at eeataateetee tes 


£ 2 ”° 
2 } ay ee Nes % 
. - Sp Me 
¥ ‘ a ae . gi r; \ WS ts ge > a.) 
; es ot Ae 1. eres oe ee oo, ae 
: rete i saat ey aah, ORS, ele Be: Wits ty 1s Be, " 
si i ‘es er bhava: “ 


po ee ae . 
¥ ve tee ae a, : fet 
5 5 ae Lae é.: “ 2 ekg” 2 «, ™ 
bee 1 ite ~ es: Be be ein anys tt 5 6 f eta 
Re Ne 


‘MOTT—SPILLER. bee 

: Mr. and Mrs. Wallis Mott, of Americus, announce the engagement 
of their sister, Foy, to John Howell Spiller, of Atianta, the wea- 
ding to take place on Wednesday, January 18. 


STALLWORTH—THAXTON. 

' Mr. and Mrs, Arthur B. Stallworth, of Jenkinsburg, Ga., announce 
the engagement of their daughter, Catherine Florence, to Mickel- 
berry F. Thaxton of Atlanta, the wedding to be solemnized in 
January. 3 


| 
MATTOX—MALLORY. 


Mr. and Mrs. Horace Bartow Mattox, of Albany, Ga., announce the 
engagement of their daughter, Minnie Lucy, to Lewis Emmett 
Mallory, of Atlanta, Ga., formerly of Olean, N. Y, the marriage 
to occur at an early date at the home of the bride-elect’s parenis. 


BLUM—POWER. 


Mrs. Charles Blum announces the engagement of her daughter, Mar- 
garet, to Joseph William Power, the wedding to take place Feb- 
ruary 15, in Jacksonville, Fla. 


_ 
o--_-— 


‘VIEWIG—CRAWLEY. 
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Viewig announce the engagement of their 
daughter, Louisa Anna, to Royal Lee Crawley, the wedding to 
be solemnized the latter part of the month. No cards. 


McBRAYER—COLE. 
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. McBrayer, of Draketown, Ga., announce the en- 
gagement of their daughter, Nancy Mae, to Jeff W. Cole, the 
date of the wedding to be announced later. 


BELK—MURRAY. 


Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Belk, of Buena Vista, Ga., announce the en- 
gagement of their daughter, Grace Truman, to Edward N. Mur- 


ray, of Cordele, Ga., the wedding to take place in February. 


ALFORD—MANN. 

Mr. and Mrs. William Robert Johnston, of Sylvester, announce the 
engagement of their sister, Helen Alford, to Ivan Holden Mann, 
of Louisville. Ky., the marriage to be solemnized in the early 
spring. 


HUGHIE—GREEN. 
Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Hughie, of College Park, announce the engage- 
ment of their daughter, Kathleen May, to Charles James Green, 
of McDonough, the date of the wedding to be announced later. 


SMITH—TORBETT. 
Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Smith, of Columbus, announce the engagement of 
their daughter, Gladys Love, -to Chariton Harrence Torbett, the 
wedding to take place February 27, at home. No cards. 


HERNDON—HART. 

' Mrs. L. P. Herndon, of Toccoa, announces the engagement and ap- 
proaching marriage of her daughter, Frances, to J. Edward Hart, 
of Nashville, Tenn. — 


Wedding Gifts 
Here you will find a broad variety of wedding gifts 
combining Quality, Utility, Beauty:and Durability. 
You can get appropriate wedding giits here, at prices 
to suit your purse, and which are certain «to delight 
the bride. 
Gifts in our boxes or cases will be certain to please the 


recipients, for our name is a guarantee of quality, and 
they will know you wanted them to have the best. 


Mail: orders shipped prepaid. 


\Write for our twenty-seventh annual catalogue. 


MAIER & BERKELE, Inc. 


Gold and Silversmiths, 
31 Whitehall Street, Established 1887. 


al ~~ St Ye» Bee 
ey Jt 2) 


hen 


> 
I~? 


eS 


ad 
a 
. 
. 
- 
. 


MIRON EFREEMAW ScTHILSMAN-_ ES. FREEMAN SX : 


a Myron Freeman Br : 


3 


Cy) 
. —JEWELERS ~ ¥ 
-t 103 PEACHTREE STREET : 
_ATLANTA ~— GEORGIA . 
PLATINUM DIAMOND JEWELRY 
14% GOLD JEWELRY ) 
, STERLING SILVERWARE. 


DOMESTIC AND IMPORTED WATCHES 
~ DESIGNERS OF MODERN SETTINGS 
. FOR FAMILY JEWELS | 


Se 


ISS} 


A fs Ve. “4 
. 7 

el ~ 
<= a >. 


De  * Fr | 
2) tia S =e > 


2 GE day Store of Dependability” ————— 
| ® 
Service 


AsWe Conceive It 


To serve you the best we know 
how—to render prompt and 
accurate returns—to give ab- 
solute satisfaction in every 
dealing you have with us—that 
is our conception of true service. 


JUDGE US BY 
PERFORMANCE 


Davis & Freeman, Inc. 
Diamonds and Platinumsmiths 


47 WHITEHALL 
T. H. LATHAM, Pres.;‘H. H. ATKINSON, V.-P. 


ee mene a ES ES a 


mm ee ee 


rete noereETR - age 
> me a ae 


_ oe 


A ALS PR i 
- . ay * 


Bee | ace POS RMA EO Ree on teas tase eT ane 
! >. ~% “i sBs Ay ye -* a % 5 a 


- a 3 J 
Do lh te TON sna Lege SORE OP OE A RR. ae a Be ee Sg a aR ET We 


airbase & 


‘Newby and Jack Kelt. 


Cordial interest centers in the ap- 
proaching marriage of Miss Audrey 
Miss Newby 


is one of the ‘most beautiful and tal- 
ented young women in the state. She 
nttended Luey Cobb: in Athens and 
graduated from the‘: State Normal 
school, having taken special courses 
in oratory at both schools. 


¢ ‘ : 
of : be. ; fee i 
ban 4 Sn he, gee? 
“ ao] _ n b aa * 
Mey sige Hee) Sat < pad 2S Z 8 ak, 5 Pea, 
. +P , ee Wats 
- ~ . : KE . B 2 
ind RN, Me 
os . — Ro 
_ . ™ ae ¢ 4 e 
”. . 
’ ee ae oi 
a” <q o 
° 
2 
’ 
oe ———EE 


—.- a — 
os = «: — 


Mr. Kelt, who is a highly educated 
and widely traveled Englishman, was 
born in Vancouver. He lived, after 


the death of his parents, in the north- 
ern part of England with his grand- 
mother, the late Mrs. Borrowscale, 
during his youth, where he attended 
school and college. He served in the 
Britsh navy for three years, and when 


Bride-Elect ae 


Ne 
- 


| ASN 


 e 
r 


Miss Audry Newby, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William Franklin. Newby, of 
Vienna, Ga., whose engagement was announced recently to Jack Kelt, of Atlanta, the mar- 
riage to take place on Saturday morning, February 11, at the home of the bride-elect. 


war was declared entered the army 
and went oyerseas with the Canadian 
engineers, and ‘spent three years in 
France. In 1919. he came to the Unit- 


ed States.to visit his only relatives in. 


Illinois. For.the past two years Mr. 
Kelt has resided in Atlanta, and he 
and his charming bride-elect will re- 


side in College Park after their mar- |. 


riage. 


Acree—Brown. 

An inferesting event of the new 
year was the marriage of Miss Leola 
McCullough and Franklin Newton 


Brown, which was solemmized on Tues- 
day, January 3 at 5:30 o’clock, at the 
Edgewood Baptist church, Rev. Bur- 
dette officiating. 

The church was artistically deco- 
rated with palms and ferns, and pedes- 
tal vases filled with chrysanthemums 
were at ‘the altar. 

The wedding music was rendered by 
Miss Mabel Jones. Before the cere- 
mony E. M. Brown sang “At Dawn- 
ing.’ ‘During the ceremony “Souve- 
nir’” was played softly. Miss Birdie 
Moore Acree, maid of honor, was beau- 
tifully gowned .in shell pink crepe, 
trimmed in silver Jace... Miss Ruby 
Ford, bridesmaid, wore-a lovely frock 
of orchid satin trimmed in silver lace, 
Both carried bouquets of chrysanthe- 
mums tied with tulle. Misses Vera 
Short and Louise Jackson, junior 
bridesmaids, were dressed in orchid 
and shell pink taffetas, trimmed in 
gold lace. Their bouquets were chrys- 
anthemums tied with orchid and pink 
tulle. Little Miss Grace Jackson made 
a beautiful flower girl dressed in 
white organdie. 

Mr. Horton was the groom’s best 
man. Joe Battler, Hugh Battler, and 
W. A. Brown were groomsmen. 

The bride was beautiful in her 
gown of white canton crepe trimmed 
in lilies of the valley. Her veil was 
of net with a coronet of orange blos- 
soms. Her only ornament -was a 
heavy bar pin, an heirloom in the 
groom’s family. Her flowers were 
bride’s roses showered with lilies of 
the valley. 

Immediately after the ceremony the 
bridal party was given a reception 
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. H. H, 
Short, 208 Avery street, Vecatur Ga, 
After returning from their wedding 
trip Mr. and Mrs. Brown will be at 
home to their friends on Kings High- 
way, in Decatur. 


W ebb—Riddle. 


A wedding of interest to a wide cir- 
cle of friends was that of Miss Blanche 
Webb, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. D. 
W. Webb, and Samuel Earl Riddle, 
which took place om December 24, 
1921, at the Church of the Incarna- 
tion in West End, Rev. Thomas H. 
Johnston, dean of St. Phillips cathe- 
dral, performing the impressive ring 
ceremony. | 

The only attendants were Mrs. D. M. 
Debb, matron of honor, and D, M.: 
Webb, brother of the bride, who acted 
as best man. The matron of honor’s 
costume was of black satin and lace 
with hat and shoes to match and she 
wore a corsage of Ophelia roses, 

The bride was attractive in a suit 
of brown velour with trimmings of 
squirrel and a picture hat of brown 
draped in lace, Her blouse was of 
copper silk lace over crepe de chine. 
She carried a showered arm bouquet 
of bride's roses and valley lilies. 

Proceeding the ceremony, Mrs. T.e- 
Roy Webb sang “At Dawning.” She 
was charming in a dress of black lace 
and a picture hat of black velvet. 
Her corsage was of Ophelia roses. The 
hridal party entered to the strains of 
Lohengrin’s wedding March rendered 
by Mrs. FE. M. Andrews. whose gown 
was of navy taffeta with trimmings 
of irridescent beads. She wore a hat 
of bine velvet and her flowers were 
Orhelia roses, 

Mr. and Mrs. Riddle are at home to 
their friends at No. 101 South Gordon 
street. : 


SESE 


Pitts—Tones. 
A -marriage of much interest to a 
lerge circle of frierd< was that of 


. Miss Belle Pitts to William Francis 


Janes, of Cedartown. Ga... on Decem- 
her 31, the eoremonv heing performed 
hy Rev. T. W. Stnchell, nastor of the 
Central Congregational church. 


Chapman—T allmadze. 
\. recent mrrriave of interest to a 
wide cierle of friende waa that of Mise 


Clyde Chapman end 


= a ~ Pe 40. % i “* < . 
_ > ee ae ere 


Tallmadge. of Schenectady, N. Y., 
which took place Friday evening, De- 
cember 30, at 9 o'clock, at the home 
of the bride’s brother and sister,: Mr, 
and Mrs. W. F. Watkins. Rev. J. F. 
McLemore, pastor of the Grant Park 


mony, which was. witnessed only by 

relatives and a few close friends. 
The home was decorated with pot- 

ted plants, poingettias, holly and 

Christmas foliage. °° 

» Miss Marie Greer played the wed- 

Ging music, and: iust .hefore the en- 


Baptist. chureh, performed the cére- 


Atlanta’s Exclusive Millinery Shoppe ~- 


Spring 


THE ADVANCE 
PARISIAN 
FIFTH AVENUE 
DICTATE— 


Millinery 


osenbaum’s 


Successors to Kutz 


38 ::: 3: : Whitehall 


and 


8 NORTH FORSYTH STREET 


CORSET SALE 


CORSETS 
Formerly $5.00 to $10.00 
Now $2.50 to $5.00 
20% Discount on All Other Models 


_ EAGER & SIMPSON 


CJ 


7 


If 


MN co 
A 


, p ~ Z - V4 de 

A a AS 

MP Li hit WEE me LUI . 
4 ls Le A Gi wp? 
lia - N 


i? 
“ig 
F « 


Yj 
ay 


- 103 Peachtree Street 


GAP REY jt bt: 
“EMI Y, © ZF 


WEDDING INVITATIONS 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
RECEPTION AND VISITING CARDS 
CORRESPONDENCE ST ATIONERY 
Samples and Prices 
Submitted Upon Request 


ATLANTA, GEORGIA 
Also 


% seemeehtthenesienetieaataeatitinesseeaaaiemenmentniaeen na 
, a aA” P - 


—— | tom 


yf’ y 
yy > 


‘ty 4 
4. 


re 


ti ftir, SittigEer 
Awe Ud hi LE Lift 
Ci AWE YALA 
Vi“ =F) , AN 
, ep <a 


MEE 
BI g 


—_ 


: We, 


GL GAO 


TO NOMA OLN 


NAL JAAS JAAS 2 


Ci. Met. La ne 
~ Fi ee ee Sis tbr s+ 
Z al ae 
: - 7 2 


$ . SFOS a : 
TNE Ties Fe BS ~ 
> « ’ > : 


if 


Chapman, niece of the bride. was ring- 
bearer. She wore a fluffy dress of 


and carried 
a shower bouquet of bride’s roses and 
white hyacinths. 

An informal réception followed the 
ceremony. Later in the evening Mr. 
Tallmadge and his bride left for a 
wedding trip to New York, and later 
will make their home with his parents 
in Bchnectady. 


Sloa udderth. 


McDouogh, Ga.—A marriage mark- 
ed by beautiful simplicity was that of 
Miss Annie Ola Sloan and Terhune 
Sudderth, which was solemnized Mon- 
day, December 26, at 11 o'clock at the 
home of the bride’s parents. Rev. A, 
R, Cates, pastor of the First Presby- 
terian church, performed the ceremony 
in the presence of only the members 
of the immediate family. 

The house was beautiful with its 
Christmas decorations of holly and 
mistletoe, 

The bride and groom entered to the 
strains of Lohengrin’s wedding 
march, which was rendered by Mrs. 
Ruth Allensworth, “To a Wild Rose” 
being played softly during the cere- 
mony. Miss Wthel Miriam Sloan, sis- 
ter of the bride, and David Arnold, of 
Hampton, were the only attendats. 

The young bride, eldest daughter 
of Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Sloan, is an 
accomplished musician, having studied 
at Agnes Scott college, later complet- 
ing her education at Ward-Belmont 
school, Nashville, Tenn. 

The groom is a popular young busi- 
ness man of Atlanta. 


McCoy—Wicks 

Mr. and Mrs. C. J. McCoy, of 76 
Durant place, announce the marriage 
of their daughter, Sarah Catherine. 
to Joseph’ Lee Wicks, 0n Decembe: 1, 
at § o’clock, Dr. F. C. McConnell of- 
ficiating. 


Toney—Hutft. 

Miss Adrian Toney and FE. R. Huff 
were married January 1, at the home 
of Rev. and Mrs. B. J. Huff. Kev. 
Huff performed the ceremony. 


f 
. 


Le = ee Rs ee 
badd 


oe >) aed oe — 2 ee * rb ea - yy e ? “es 
‘ 4 , 


, sry sf pit igaeh, 's “eee ’ 
*. . é i | ‘ , a. o : 
Mrs. William Lycett, Inc 
“Mrs. Wt Lycett, inc. 
P< vs ro «* . + aa ‘ a Aspe “7 vy . e > 


. 
‘% 
* 

¥ 


Special: Reductiaty Sale” 
One-Third Off — 


Chinese Porcelains 

Chinese Embroideries 

Handsome Service Plates 

All China with exception of open 
stock patterns 


This is an opportunity for those who wish to se-: 
cure the very choicest selections for their homes * 
or for gifts at greatly reduced prices. 


Parchment Flowers—the newest thing for inte- 
rior decoration—will be subject to the discount. 


White and Gold Monogrammed Haviland China 
will be sold at a discqunt of 33 1-3 per cent dur- 
ing the sale. 


Mrs. William Lycett, Inc. 


159 Peachtree 


a | 


~* 
e 
o> 
wv, 
~ 4 
> 
= 


X 


~, 


Ne 


POLO CANON NG 


EIEIO 


i 


AW 


eo ——— 


_— a 


/ 
.*s 


COKUOTE 
— a at a %, 


BOURZA 


. 
A Ji 
AQP LO 


L 


BJS 


Ae) 


! 
- 


AAR 


and Hats. 


If You Are Interested in Good 
Apparel at Low Prices, 


Read This! 


OR years we have taken a certain pride in selling 

apparel that is good, but not expensive, that 

appeals to women and misses of good taste who do 
not wish to spend extravagantly. 


Now that the Spring season is on its way, it is to 
your profit to put Frohsin’s first on your shopping 
list---for Dresses, Coats, Suits, Furs, Skirts, Blouses 


The modes just received are full of charm, grace, 
beauty, newness---new fabrics, fresh colors---styles 
delightfully appealing in their smartness---and de- 


finitely right for this Spring. 


They show values so good, fashions so smart, 


r- 


ments so extremely fine for prices surprising in their 


moderateness. 


that the woman who has a definite 


sum to invest may make it yield a return tn smart 


\ JEN JAB JEN FAIRS TRA JAN Zieh ZRiBN JALAN JERS 


° - 
Chin ta Me on te é 
at ~~ 


ane eee "* ee 


* 
oe 
¥, OF: 


style that will associate “Frohsin 
for all time in her mind. 


ata emo CURED fe ki a RTE. 


s : ‘4 A ei Mie 


’s’’ with satisfaction 


, 


Come in, if only to see “what's new.” 


rohsiys \ 
Correct Dress for Women) 5 
50 WHITEHALL § _ 


a 
~ mt "dais Me + tothe, 
«th Y be 4 - ‘ 
4: . a 3 2 sa 
* ‘ Ta ee aos 
tga ghee eerie. te ove. aaa 


: x Be gs ra “ br haact ar. 
eee See oie oe ace J : : ieee oo ay ey ee € 
Aes ss Age GF a ne A OE ae wet. na att gree Pee Re a CRY Saag Sot ae . 

oe eter oh te Bie SN AR a Steele cE subi Si oe: ages 
5; » Nils ¥s a “a ae 2 "y : Ap PGs z “ae a : : ; , ER os P ot > ee - a 


- - =~ 


(Ad Ne YY 


eed 
OR} 


ax i(aXs 


i 


7 VET Mik 7 SEN 


VivertvenNiivevteritvert 


7 \ 


an 
) 


= el eal 
he 
‘ 


A 


ny/ \' 


—- ~ 


“ 


v7 \elt/ NENZ NOY VE 


= 


ay ex 


>, ak 
' 


vj iy \ ne 


fax tan tani: 


- 


tay tay itvey? 


‘f 


ithe air \ 


fat 


~- 


~ o>. =~. 
~**, 1 “aN 4 
Yerirelavert 


> ~~ 
le 


< - “= ‘ee ve > R Si as oe AS eG 
an: 3 -” ; » ~~ 54 are a a 
sa ES Uae coatws FS as, Rings Dh Dee pe ae <P Recs sift pk No, Ke as Pe ete PA ite KN te ae © Mee ee bated sei Meoe Pgs ep OTE es ag Sapir PR pe Se NRG re » @ enee oi. ee 
ROMO 6p ETD ag Mig AAA MDG EM DM GES. Spgs od cage tian eae. aes oe eae Ney Aen Ne bee es OR ee fe Ned, yen IF oe hee cine ‘ ie | oe _. See : we 
, : 7 a aS pe - S: Z ee ‘ ra < a j < ww » - 
o - — we ; tid ej . #3 a 


| Richard Lane dian: | ine rts to € red i ‘O ft Ay tk HITEHALILIE 

| Wide social interest centers in the ; , H. G. LEW IS & C Fee 70-72 W : ACL. Z e 

| emg 6 Sie ee ee on, At City Federation. Meet — ——_j 

. * me Chariee Ne‘Aten, which” tess | fe | : a 
z pace Thursday evening, December 2 | HE new things to wear jf 


3 a 


_ 
=—_ j 
7 


#ate . 
~ 2 y. 
> 
. 
“ 


at 6 o'clock, at the home of the bride's} Mrs. Albert E. Thornton, president} auspices of the Junior Red Cross. This 


NOTKOFF—SHULMAN. _. — x agen Repo y of the City Federation of Women’s ae Oe artistic work - > es are a r r iV in g d a i ly a t L e wis 3 


Mr. and Mrs. C. Gancher annoufce the engagement of their sister, ' he principal! «: Rory : | 
. 2 groom, performed the impressive cere- Clubs, announces that the principal) life, who has depicted in these pictures | 


Miss Bessie Notkoff, to Ben Shulman, of Rome, the date of Pp feature of the federation wmeeting,! the child life of Eurvpe. 
mony before an improvised altar of | ‘ : Cit 
the marriage to be announced |ater. palma and ‘cut flowers, Tall cande- | called for next Thursday afternoon at}. Mrs. Berry’s adiiross pg the yy . S 3 
i lgbra held burning white tapers, which | Steinway hall, Phillips & Crew Co.,/ Federation wit Solow, St apical City The new Dresses Blouses Sweaters, Sport Suits 

were the oniy iignots vu uri : is ' M Ros ad : i . - 
WARREN—LITTLE ceremony. Before the ceremons. Miss | Wil DB ON Stems oe at chair:| Sub, wane Srremeed by. Mes. Uric & ---everything fo: winter resort wear will be 

ee P Lurleen Coleman and Roy Preston} V. 8. id gra - eee pay or 4 t 3 pon ee = stg eng - 8 ° d a. ° A 
Comer C. Warren announces the engageient of his sister, Muss | Coleman sang “At Dawning’ O82 | Ceneral Federation o: Women's Clubs. | Clubs, which will assemble represent- found at Lewis’ the first day it is seen in At- 
, - : ‘ uet, accompanied by irs. : 4 ie tent ep ate on ; . : May ° ; 
to be solemnized at an early date, No cards. |e Seema igtua"httnacheaohn'e wed: | ational reputation." [en's Clubs, the Atlanta Art associa lanta, and it wil, ost less if bought there, too, 
to be solemnized at an early date. No cards. whe also rendered Mendelssohn's wed- | D8, e ee Mrs. Berry @vill as- ion the uxt dovartinedtt.ef the Wein Pee ¢ 


gg bey 4 entered with the groom. | semble the broad interest of < tlanta’s/ nn’s club, the Drama league, the Music 


: : ; y live activitits in the line of the) Study chib, the City Planning commis- , 3 ° e + 

| She was lovely in a spring frock of | Many live activitite in the f : . Pu : -? A S A 3 I 

KITCHENS—SMITH. ray taffeta, and wore a corsage of | Dnt Rng agg os oe siomtatinn Lactilde-Avidaoned“amelation " urprise waits ou in the 
. ” ix ; : _# °“ > ' : ; - ; y « a , , ‘ 4 ™ 

Mrs. Mana W. Kitchens announces the engagement of her daughter, | Ophelia roses showered with white ay Niusie elub. the Drama’ league, Board to Hear Watkins. 


: . , , hyacinths, ~at , ; , : - “I e 
Julia Ruth, to Corbin Smith, of Toccoa, the date of the marriage ~* “ ss ¢ and the art division of the Woman's The executive board meeting of the 
to be announced later Phin che regres yf SP club, and smaller organizations sit City Federation of Women's Clubs will 
: : ea? reception Mr. and Mrs. Allen | tte federation devoted especially” to) meet at the home of the president, | 
baw na Sth the bride’s mother. | 2?t, music or literature. Mrs, Albert E. Thornton, 611 Peach- ' 

ricer 2° yates aia gpa care i ; Fhe Thursday meeting. will open) tree street, on Thursday’ morning at # ; : ‘ ae hay: eve % 

HARKINS—WOOD Hester—Spence ; poamptiy 2 330 gag ee see 10:45 o'clock, and Edgar Watkins will HAT they will please you goes without saying, for they are a 

: ° mart of the program. Mrs. rry wiltiexpiain tue plan tor a new city a cl — . a : 

Mrs. Curtie E. Harkins, of East Point, Ga., announces the engagement | - Mr. and wee me J. Hester. of Ea- sonic smetautie it 5:30, and at 4:30 os naa Me. Watkins will speak positive relief from the staid colors of the past season, and We 


p leav Vood, Bir- , Ga., nounce the marriage | the City Federation will give a re-| promptly on the hour appointed and A ; 

“ age ange’ ee 18, os ae " pw , a se d: % Prog aia. ‘aad Hilsman | ception to the Atlanta Art association) must leave for a business luncheon do not know how we can better describe them 

ee oe pee eartnge tO, be Sclemnized Man early date. Hester, to Olin L. Spence, of Carroll- | and the executive board, Atlanta} iminediately afterwards. The mem- or . b 7 1 t 1 } des 

ton, Ga., January 7. The bride, who | chapter. Red a when se abgeec we aes the oar are urmed, se ae than to say they come in beautitu pastel Snades 
as ar trained nurse, has manr ; the exhibit of pictures which wi e; to promptly on time, e business ; P 

ROYAL—PERRY nie de te Atiente: pad threunbett the | hung in nigel g ve wee the | of the meeting will follow Mr. Wat- of blue, gray, brown, lavender and green—col- 

- / s ; ir. Spe is a successful | coming week and shown uncer ei kins talk, é 

Mr. and Mrs. Julia Royal, of Americus, announce the engagement of | “no ge ee "of. Carrollton. They “ | ors that so cheerfully reflect: the freshness of 

their sister, Miss Kate Royal, to Forrest Perry, of Yakima, Wash., | will make their home in Carrollton Butler—Armstrong. ware avenue, December 24, Rev. D. | spring. The greatest delight of all are their low 


anes é 'fater January 15. S. Kellam officiating. 
the marriage to be solemnized in February, A marriage of great interest to Mr. and Mrs. Ingram are at home : prices Three groups are on display tomorrow. 


a host of friends was that of Miss | to their friends at 126 Clifton avenue. 


_ Doolittle—Ashley. 1 of Mi Sallie Frances Butler i, J. re 
The marriage is announced of MisS} Armstrong, which was solemnized at ° fs 
KEY—GROOVER. ; | Lovelle Doolittle and William If. } the First Presbyterian church of Car- Fincher—Meador. 3 This Season, They Are 


Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Key, of Columbus, anuounce the engagement of | ae te soil 4, bs na gg of the oe at ona; on owe | eve- Covington, Ga., January 7.—(Spe- 
: . asia ps c ride’s mother, in apevilie. ning, CV: 34 Se ass Ol] iclating. ° a 7s p 4 : . ° ma 

their daughter, Josephine, to Herbert D. Groover, tlie mar-: The grandfather of the groom, Dr. Mr. and Mrs. Armstrong will make cial.) Miss Anne John Fincher, of Priced Exceedingly Low 
riage to be solemnized Januafy 25. T. P. Cleveland, performed the cere-j| their future home in Allatoona, Ga. Fincherville, and Jack Mendor, of 
mony. Leguin, were married Thursday after- 


{ Mr. and Mrs. Ashley immediately h ] ial Tieton: @ ooh eM ; 
sowling Green, Ky., where| /OAnson—ingram. ; December 5, at the home of Mr. $ ¢ 
BRYAN—COCHRAN. si aie aeade. — ; : Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Johnson an-| and Mrs. A. C. Vining. The cere- AT : A5 


Mr. and Mrs. Jim Bryan, of Elberton, announce the engagement of; Mr. Ashley will be remembered as | nounce the marriage of their daugh-| mony was performed by Rev. Walker 


J ° ,4 hk oa rst 
r : ‘ene of the artists of the Howard| ter, Lois Elizabeth, to Harry Villard | (yp. ' 
their daughter, Irene, to Pau} Cochran, the marriage to be theater. He is now with the Coca-| Ingram, which was eolemnized at the ombs, pastor of the Baptist church 


¥ , F . ‘Ana 12. | Of Covington. - 2 
solemized in February. 7 same capacity. home of the bride’s parents on Dela- | ° 
oy } on: eer ghee: . : Mr. and Mrs. Meador left imme- > 5 Q- A Q) 


f 


diately after the ceremony fo%a mutor 
trip to Atlanta. After a short wed- 


. 5 , . . ‘ ° 
Regenstein S : ding trip they will be at tome with 


the groom’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. 


ALE wT. Meader, at thet beuutifel ovum [9 They are confined to simple, trim lines, with me- 
RK] N Al. CLE ARANCE S of Covington, where the groom has ex- dium length skirt and coat, with smartly cut 
é pockets, leather buttons and touches that give 
H URS—F UR CO ATS—C APES—CO ATS apg ree ged them a sportive air. Beautifully lined with grey 

r. an rs. A. D. Whiteley an- '§ 


| mounce the marriage of their daugh- silk—really distinctive superior quality suits, 


| gwd | : eee La Sei 
| ter, Helen Attrus, to Fred Valdi Coop- § that are a revelation at the very diminutive prices 
_er on Saturday, December 17, at the § ° 9 
| manse of the First J resbyterian . & they bear—at Lewis’. 
church, Augusta, Ga. ‘ ' 


Collins—Cox. | Advance Styles in the New 


The marriage of Miss Lucile Co}- 


lins, of Camilla, Ga., to Cleve Cox, 3 

of Albany, Ga., took place Saturday- 

evening, 6 o’clock, at the home of Mr. §§& | 
and Mrs. C. C. Baggs, Peachtree § 


road, Rev. Ashby Jones officiated. 


A al 


ee 


Fontaine—Greene. ‘ "T AFFET A comes into its own again, and judging 

A‘ marclaas ef tedicies whl tei these charming new dresses as indications of 
place in New Orleans on Decémber | § styles to bé,. nothing could be so altogether desirable. 
on Phage lpg ete "os. ae ee : e| Since taffetas were the rage there has been a marked 
Greene. of Atlanta. oe lowering in price, and a pleasant surprise awaits you in 


Mr. and Mrs. Greene have returned | Gy \_ iy the quaity of new Lewis taffeta dresses that are now 
from their wedging journey and wil) | § 1 | Lik offered 
make their home in Atlanta. Oe, en 


Atherton—Lawson. : le a P At $ 1 5 Blue—Black— 


v 


< ‘ = 
Ss 
a 
ae 


. #, 
S 
NX 
ena. Peele ig 2% 
= 2 ae 


eet, ane 
YS * 


5 
‘ a” ANT. x —_ 
CN PRS OS 
e * 


eee 

wus & hd 

om > fod 
~m ~~ 


Mr. and Mrs. James T. Atherton, 
of Jasper, Ga., announce the marriage 
of their daughter, Jessie, to A, Wai- | 


SI : 
‘ter Lawson, of Nelson, Ga. yi " 
The wedding was a quiet affair at $ 75 
the parsonage on December 25.. They aS BS | . 
will be at home at Nelson, Ga., after | & ; 


January 6. 


a Mgr a Miss Weddington : (athe. See Our $94.75 


. Weds Mr. McDuttie. mri | AN Window 
ATS—HALEF-PRIGE  |[2ivttscceene]]) AS*y) | 
— _ 1 ublin, announce the marriage, on De- | Ppp Ha : 
. cember 29, of their daughter, Mavis, | SHAN iar pt br Many New Ideas >3 9 50 
| Ps vv = 
’ ; > 


- cco, Tm gua of Rochester, New 

36-inch Hudson Seal Coat— Was Now $22 5:00 co agee In Trimming 
Large Gray Squirrel Collar..--...... — $395.00 O Connor— Jackson. a Fo oeeee AND UP 
36-inch Hudson Seal Coat— we ¢ Now $345.00 [i teetet i Ss ae oe Pees ee 
Large Squirrel Collar and Cufis..........eeeeeees $695.00 “ riage of Miss Helen O’Connor and Tight-fitting bodices, with full skirts, trimmed with 
i : 1 Coat— i. Was s Judge Robert Riley Jackson, on last scalloped ruffles—Val. lace—net—underskirts of 
36-inch Hudson Seal Coa $305 00 2 Now $200.00 eee oe ee on Peet | ) crepe de chine—touches of lovely colored georgette— 
Large Skunk Collar and Cuffs...........e-eeesee> : ° +: : ’ : ) celluloid buttons—beads in novel effects—cut steel 


A avenue. | 
36-inch Hudson Seal Coat— Was } $ , , nA oe beads#silk embroidery-colored buds—gold thread 
Large Beaver Collar and ro-in. Cuffs. ........-0+e¢, $695.00 - Now 345.00 Georgia Chapter, ~~ cable stitching—entirely new effects, shown for the 


36-inch Gray Squirrel Coat— $875 00 Now $ 43 7 5() OC. SS ee : ) first time tomorrow at Lewis’. 


Finest Quality Pedengececs 6acgccsesae® whiel. 4s. atled: the. oneal secuiiaa 


St eitieea sent Conee seso.00 = Now $325.00 Jeers mers = You Must See These New 


Blended Squirrel Collar .......-.ecceceesseececss) ple, corner Georgia avenue and Pryor 


45-inch French Seal Coat— Was ; Now $225.00 ng on ‘Thursday evening, Jan- J <6 e 99 
ac ae “itenmeweenll! “Kleurde Lis Blouses 


Large Skunk Collar hae 6see> 
$300.00 N OW $15 (0.00 over by the officers who were install- 


36-inch French Seal Coat— 

Skunk Collar and Cuffs ed on the evening of December 22 
A for the year 1922. heir beauty 
36-inch Hudson Seal Coat— Wes Now $325.00 |) iiie-diivtiurnes, one of the pas Ne ee the on te 

Handsome Beaver Collar and Cuffs... $650.00 | ° matrons of Georgia chapter, wae ‘ 7 

” . chosen as the installing officer for aristocrats of the Blouse world. 
36-inch Electric Seal Coat— nl Was Now $1 1 () (0() er —s who, a Mrs. 9 Sa “ 
o1ey, ac a ’ + 

Large Cape Collar Coat - $225.00 : Mrs. Bessie Barre, acting "a8 grand Every Stitch Made. by Hand 
> n d uirrel oat— Was N $3 5 00 chaplain, impressively ins the fol- —— I 
Se-inch Blended Sau: $695.00 ow $345. iesyes,cfteme: Mon. Taam, ow Of finest French Voile, trimmed with Vil. 
° so oe eee Ww lap, worthy patron; Mrs. Lola Morris, filet and baby Irish lace, tucks, ruffles, dots 
36-inch Leopard Cat Coat— as Now $12 5 00 associate matron; Mrs. N. H. Stock: : and hemstitching, original Parisian models— 
Coll ° $250 00 ° ton, secretary; Mrs. Olive Kelly, white and white with rose, Copen and orchid 
Large Raccoon Cape Collar..........+seesseeeees . treasurer; Mrs. Fannie Ott, condue- <chevemr aden ou: necentneiin aioiaa aa take 
32-inch Near-Seal Coat— Was Now $ 9() 00) ete See — vie the ae lars and cuffs and dots on collars and cuffs. 

‘Beautiful Floral Lining eeeeeseonoeeeoeeeoeveeve ee eee $200.00 ° lain ; Mrs. : Frances wis, warder ; Despite their distinct beauty and value, 
Mrs. Addie Mae Spencer, marshal; 


THESE FUR COATS SHOW INDIVIDUALITY OF \ STYLE canie Gantie eka ~g - Mrs. They Co st Bu f Little 
Lanford, Ruth; Miss Bertie Miers oe ae = 


OTHER FURS—HALF PRICE J Kathers Mrs. Nora, Lanford, Martha: $3.95$4.95 $6.95 


ss 
Ra 


Browns—Tan 


ie te 
- he beled 


i erent a esreaa 


| 
| 
| 


5 
| ; 


. ' 


tag 1 gah aga 


m ety MH 


— 


; 
> . 
\ 
‘ - 
.*® - 


Morris, sentinel. 


All Kolinsky, Beaver, Seal Capes—Kolinsky, Mole, Seal Searfs. All flat Fox Searfs: Black, matt from the chapter, or from 
‘ade ' - : : 's, were ! id 
Brown and l'aupe. presented to the installing officers, to $7 9 5 and S 8.9 5 


the worthy matron just leaving the 


FINE COATS IN THIS CLEARANCE SALE Sat aol Se crane, resem 


urer and to each officer of 1921, as 


Fur-Collared Coats, in soft, supple fabrics; rich in colorings, graceful in lines. Beautiful silk well as the customary jewel which was 
: et 300 COAT 


linings. : xe : | 7 worthy matron for 1921, and the gift: 
This Special Selling of Coats---just at the begin ning of real wintry weather. On Sale Tomorrow. au 


ME MOORES. occ cc cess $89.50 Capes....... cou, a banguet was served 13 the bat 3 
79.50 Coats... $QQM $39.50 | siree ir HALF PRICE 


79.50 Capes.:..... —— 
Re COO. ccc ee Woman's Missionary 


ts Poa Higa Aoagy Society to Meet. ) Arg pen my a of _ aprons _ 
$100.00 Coats. - $ 50 ; oats. | - 50 of ne Woman's Missionary society ine Furs. —Every new material. Every good color. 
89.50 Coats. e 5 : 59.50 Coats. “ — gee cry eer at a $ 75 $ 
79.50 Coats. 9 49.50 Coats. 3 9 lar circle. ruts ao 3 29°” to 165 Coats atcstvies 
$45.00 Coats...... $99 -75 $35.00 Coats. $4.09-7% ta for *14* to *82%*  Attsizes 
° —_ oo 


39.50 Coats. . 29.75 Coats. Y. W. C. A. Organizing 


Reducing Classes. — 
The Y. W. reducing elass that is be- 


ing organized by Luey Marvin Adame. . + | 
health ee + ~ meet few § Oo 
morning for their first lesson from | 

to 12 o'-ck. . Registration will be: @ + ew . ® 
open until the class opens, Applicants 2 ide Bit: “a 


are requested to report at the “I” 


le 


— 


My Tye Fae ee FS Ti ileae. tae ele Bae abhi Se 
Sy on 
PR ea igs ara Kresge’ ives, Re, i ake ra 
ae 


aoe 1 


Pee: 


x. 


_ Mrs. Holtzendorf 
-_ Entertains Visitors. 
o Mrs. Benjamin A. Holtzendorf en- 


* - tertained Friday afternoon at the At- 


lanta Woman’s club at tea compli- 
menting her cousin, Mrs. Robert 
Waugh, of tittsburg, and Mrs. Sum- 
of Louisville, Ky., who are 
the attractive gueste of their par- 
ents, Mr. and Mrs. John M. Hall. 
Mrs. Holtzendorf was assisted in 
entertaining by Mrs. James L. Key 
and Mrs. Allen D. Johnson. 
Covers were placed for Mrs. Holt- 
zendorf, Mrs. Waugh, Mrs. Summers, 


' Mrs. Key, Mrs. Johnson, Mrs. Chris- 


tine Davis, Miss Ethel Holtzendorf, 
Mrs. Edward Christianson, Mrs. C. 
A. Holtzendorf, Mrs. Vandevender, 
Mrs. J. L. Morrison, Mrs. Henry Wil- 
liamson,. Mrs. John Eubanks, Miss 
ary Demauney, Miss Clyde Holtzen- 


—_—_—o 


Concert at 
Agnes Scott. 


Miss Katherine Stephen and Miss 
Eunice Curry, of the music depart- 
ment of Agnes Scott, gave a concert 
Saturday evening at 8:30. o'clock 
in the college chapel, The program 
20nsisted of selections from the works 
of the noted Russian pianist, Rath- 
maniroff, 

Preceding each of the selections of 
the program Miss Moses read the 
selection which Rachmaninoff gives 

as the source of his inspiration. 
~ This concert was a very beautiful 
and successful affair, and was mu¢b 
enjoyed by those present. 


Luncheon Given 
By Mrs. Kirk. 


One of the most delightful occa- 
sions of the season was the luncheon 
siven by Mrs. Elmer R. Kirk in com- 
sliment to the officers and board 
members who have served during her 
regime for the past two years as re- 
rent of the Atlanta Chapter. D. A. 
R. Appreciation was expressed for 
‘the efficient manner in which she 
2a8 conducted the affairs of the chap- 
er. The members who have served 
sre: Mrs. E. R. Kirk, Mrs. Lucian 
L. Knight, Mrs. Edward H.. Barnes, 
Urs. I. O. Walker, Mrs. J. White- 
‘ord Russell, Mrs. John C. Sage, Mrs. 
Eli A. Thomas, Mrs. John T. Wom- 
ble, Mrs. J. N. Bateman, Mrs. Wil- 


jam A. Wright, Mrs. Sheppard W. 
Voster, Mrs. Charles A. Davis, Mrs. 
George M. Hope, Mrs. Frances Brown 
Chase, Mrs. Waiter P. Andrews, Mrs. 
James L. Logan, Mrs, Joseph H. 
Morgan, Mrs. J. M. High, Mrs. 
(tharles F. Rice. Mrs. George Breit- 


B. H. Goodhart, Mrs. C. L. Dean, 
Mrs. Howard H. McCall, Mrs. David 
Woodward, Miss Lillian Tidwell, 
Mrs. Charles B. Walker, Mrs. Fran- 
ces 8. Whiteside, Miss Virginia Har- 
din, Mrs. Willie Timmons, Mrs. R. 
OQ. Campbell, Mrs. Bun Wylie, Miss 
Nellie Bowen, Miss Kate Massey, 
Mrs. John Roberts. Mrs. Wright 
ywesided in the absence of the chair- 
man, Mrs. Charles Davis, who is con- 
fined at her nome on account of a 
sprained ankle. 

After the board meeting, which was 
at the home of Mrs. Kirk, in Peach- 
tree road, an « uborate luncheon was 
served. The house was artistically 
decorated. Mrs. Sirk was assisted 
in entertaining by Miss Hazel Kirk, 
her daughter, both wearing beautiful 
costumes of dark crepe. 

The dining table had as its cen- 
tral decoration narcissi surrounded 
by pink carnations, pink unshaded 
tapers were used and pink mints in 
erystal bon-bon dishes on exquisite 
lace table covering completed the 
dainty details. Mrs, Breitenbucher 
presided at the coffee table. 


Informal Dance At 
Virginian Club. 


One of the most interesting and en- 
joyable affairs of the week will be an 
informal dance given by George Sim- 
ons, Thomas Laird, Henry Jenkins 
and E. E. Church, at the Virginian 
clubrooms, corner of Lee and Gordon, 
on the evening of Wednesday, Janu- 
ary 11, at 8:30 o'clock. 

Clair’s orchestra has been engaged 
to furnish the music and dancing 
will be enjoyed from 8:30 until 11:30 
o'clock. . 

The list of chaperons includes Mr. 
and Mrs. Wade P. Harding, Mr. and 
Mrs. W. L. Caruthers, Mr. and Mrs. 
Ben Atchison, Mr. and Mrs. W. I. 
Calloway, Mr. and Mrs. Lester Moore, 
Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Christian, Mr. and 
Mrs. Charies Kitchens, Mr. and Mrs. 
Will Cates, Mr. .and Garner. 
Mr and Mrs, C. L. Rizer, Mr. and 
Mrs. James Ryan. Mr. ond Mrs. J. M. 
Mauldin. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Stoy. 
Mr. and Mrs. Wl. Frankel, Mr. and 
Mrs, I. Pries, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. 
— Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Armis- 
tead. 


Meeting of 
Catholic Club. 


The regular’ monthly meeting of: 


the Catholic Club of Business and 
Professional Women will be held 
Tuesday evening, January 10, in the 
assembly hall of Sacred Heart rec- 
tory at 6:30 o'clock. 

Rey. Father Horton will give a 
short talk on “Catholic Philosophy,” 
and Miss Rosina Asmus, well known 
Atlanta musician, will play several 
piano solos. 

All members are urged fo attend. 


i Fame a - . 
1p Ge ee AP nears oe, 
Dini ;* 
LES * bee 

J PIRES 9" Fae ot Manas cenit Yuals ee 

. # Fx : —7 a & 2 ay 
- . v3 £ xt -, Pe : Pa 
P am pe nee Se - , 
- = . amen 2 7 a “— ae —_s ellie 
/ 


To Convene in Savannah 


apart cae 
Rs ede ee 
at ey AT pea 3 7 
Oho ae 4 = 
- > 
- ie ‘ : 
* 7 > 2 


The eighth annual convention of 
the National. Council. of Girl 
Scouts ‘will be held in Savannah, 
from Tuesday, January 24, to Fri- 
day, January 27, inclusive, and the 
headquarters will be at the De Soto 


b 


Mrs. Albert Thornton, of Atlanta, 
local founder; Mrs. Frank Holland, 
president, and Mrs. James L., Dickey, 
chairman of the executive committee, 
will attend the. convention, and the 
national council officers attending will 
include Mrs. Everett Macy, Mrs. Her- 
bert Hoover, Mrs. William. McAdoo, 
and Mrs. Arthur Osgood Choate. 

Message From England. — 

This convention’ will be held in Sa- 
vannah in honor of Mrs, Juliette Low, 
American founder, whose home is 
Savannah. 

Sir Robert Baden-Powel!l, of Lon- 
don, England, the father of all scout- 
ing, wrote to Mrs. Low recently as 
follows: 


they appreciate what you have done 
for them as the founder of the move- 
ment there. I hope you will give 
them our most cordial greetings and 
good wishes and I hope some of them 
will come over here and link up our 
personal acquaintance.” 
Program Given. 

The interesting program will be car- 
ried out as follows: 

Tuesday—Opening meeting, Mrs 
Arthur Osgood Choate, national! pres)- 
dent, presiding. 


“I am so giad to see that in America. 


Invocation; address | captains of Girl Scout troops. 


of welcome by Mrs. Juliette Low, of 
Savannah, founder; report of presi- 
dent, Mrs, A. U. Choate; report of | 
treasurer, Mrs. Nicholas F. Brady; 
report of director, Mrs. Jane Deeter 
Rippen; report of nominating com- 
mittee, Mrs. Frederick H. Brooke. 1 

Luncheon; free time with provision 
for scout activities; tea; report of 
national! field committee, Mrs. b’red- 
erick Edey; repott of local councils; 
dinner; evening session, singing, court 
of honor demonstration, address by 
Commodore Longfellow, “Swimming 
and First Aid for Scouts.” 

Wednesday — Educational session, 
Miss Sarah Louise Arnold, “Putting 
Scouting Across;” Iuncheon; free 
time, scouting activities, tea; “Awards 
and the Scout Spirit;” “The Golden 
Eaglet;” evening session, singing, 
question box, “Dancing and the Girl 
Scout Movement,” by Mrs. James J. 
Storrow, demonstrations of folk danc- 
ing. 

Me cvetay-uBadhien sessions, Mrs. 
Everett V. Macy, chairman; election 
of officers of national council; “Affil- 
iations,” Mrs. Robert Mead. 

Friday—Final business session, res- 
olutions, unfinished business; Girl 
Scout camps; scout activities, tea; 
“Program for Brownies.” 

Immediately following the confer- 
ence a training week will be held in 
or near Savannah. ‘The first three 
days will be arranged especially for 
scout commissioners, directors, and 


— | 


Soon to Lay Corner Stone 
For Habersham Memorial 


Exercises of appropriate elaboration 
and beauty will mark the laying of the 


corner stone of the mémorial build’ng, 
Habersham hall, to be erected by the 
Joseph Habersham chapter, D. A. R.; 
these exercises to take place next Sat- 
urday afternoon at 3 o'clock, ‘The 
beautiful Jot, which has an excellent 
elevation, is on Fifteenth street, at 
Piedmont avenue. 


Mrs. Warren D. White, regent, will 
reside, and occupying the p!ace of 
Renee on the platform, with the re- 
gent and speakers of the day, will be 
Mrs. William Lawson Peel, chairman 
of the building committee, who in- 
spired the memorial hall, and has 
been its constant and untiring pro- 
moter. 


Full Masonic Ritual. 
Dr. J. Sprole Lyons will deliver the 


5 net 


LA 
mm, 


} ity 


4 


$5.50 Sale 


~ Black Satin 


One-strap Pumps, with turn sole 
and covered Baby Louis heels. 
All sizes in stock. $10 Slippers, 
lniw bis oo a0 QUO 


See 


Brown kid 


and width. 


and black kid one- 
strap pumps with turn sole and 
covered full Louis heels. 
tiful style, with nearly every size 


now eo*e «ee 


with turn 
A beau- 


sizes and widths. 


Louis heels. 
now reduced to $5.50. 


Military lace Oxfords, welt sole 
and imitation tip. 600 pairs. All 


Formerly $10, 
Re eee ae ae OP 


' Black kid two-strap buckle pumps 


sole and covered full 
They were $10, but 


Practically all sizes. 


Patent Three-Strap Buckle Pumps 


Brown calf low heel lace Oxfords, 
with welt sole and cap toe. 
bluchers, but straight lace Oxferds. 


Turn sole and choice 
Louis covered heels. 

All sizes, 
fast, at— 


of Baby Louis or full 


as we write, but they are going 


- —— — 


$5.50 


Not 


i ie 
nN A aa | 


i? 


Patent leather, Black kid and Tan 
calf one-strap Pumps, with turn 
sole and covered Baby Louis heels. 


: 


' with 


invocation: Richard Broyles will make 
the principal address; “An Ideal Real- 
ized” will be the subject of an ad- 
dress by Mrs. Peel. The laying» of 
the stone will be attenued by a full 
Masonic. ritual and ceremonies with 
Grand Master Joseph Bowdoin in 
charge. 

Habersham. hall will be erected as 
a memorial to the American heroes 
who lost their lives in all the wars in 
which the United States has engaged. 
The plan of the building is the work 
of Henry Hornbostel and specifica- 
tions call for an expenditure of $60,- 
QUO. It will seat approximately 800 
people, and will be ideally suited in 
size, acoustics and beauty to meetings, 
lectures, chamber music and drama in 
its more intimate forms. 

The corner stone itself is a slab of 
Georgia white marble, 18 by 22 inches, 
which has been given th: chapter by 
Colonel Sam Irate, of Tate, Ga. 

Chapter. History. 

Significant of the history of the 
Joseph Habersham chapter, D. A. 
which has for ten years been working 
on the ideal to be consummated in 
Habersbam hall, will be the articles 
and documents to be enclosed in the 
corner stone. 


Some of these will be the history of 
the chapter and its important events, 
its most outstanding achiev-ments,. 
like that of the establishment of the 
observance of Georgia day; the pub- 
lishing of three volumes of Georgia’s 
revolutionary records, the fourth in 
the series being now in the course of 
preparation; a letter from the late 
Theodore Roosevelt, accepting mem- 
bership in the chapter, and one of the 
most cherished possessions of the 
chapter; the honor list of the Georgia 
men, heroes of the world war, who 
were also descendants of revolutionary 
heroes, as well as the list of all Ful- 
ton county’s men who gave their lives 
in the world war. 

The building of the Habersham me- 
morial hall will have an added signifi- 
cance in the fact that it is one of the 
first, if not the first building in the 
south, to be erected as a tribute to the 


heroes of the world war. 
clude, however, remembrance of Amer- 
icans who gave their lives in all wars 
in which the United States has been 
engaged. 4 

There will be a museum feature to 
the new building, in which will be in- 
cluded a valuabie collection of arti- 
cles and documents of historic value. 
Conspicuous among these will be a 
chandelier from the home of Joseph 
Habersham, in Savannah. 


The women composing the member- 
ship of the Joseph Habersham chap- 
ter have worked long and valiantly for 
the achievement which will be signal- 
ized in the laying of the corner stone 
Saturday. ‘The original plan was 
merely the building of a chapter house, 
but the idea of the mwnemorial hall was 
more recently evolved, and the people 
of Atlanta have rallied constantly and 
generously to the various calls made 
upon them, to contribute to the suc- 
cess of the memorial pian, Its com- 
pletion will be a matter of universal 
civic pride. 


H abersham Cornerstone 
To Be Laid Saturday. 


The cornerstene of the Joseph 
rlabersham chapter, D, A. R., will be 
laid Saturday, January 14, at 3 p. m. 
elaborate ceremonies. Richard 
Broyles will be one of the speakers 
and Mrs. W. L. Peel, as chairman of 
the building committee, will give an 
account of the stupendous labor of her 
committee and the chapter. The mem- 
bers of all patriotic organizations are 
cordially urged to be present. 

The cornertsone will be laid by the 
grand lodge of Georgia Masons. 

All members of the Joseph Haber- 
sham chapter are to meet at 2:45 
o’clock at the Piedmont Driving club 
and mareh in a body to the memorial 
tuilding. 


Mrs. Humphries 


Is Hostess. 

Acworth, Ga., January 7.—On Tues- 
day afternoon at 3 o’clock, Mrs. W. 
C. Humphries, of Acworth, entertained 
Mrs. C. L. Lockwood, of Grand Kap- 
ids, Mich. 

Those invited to meet Mrs. Lock- 
wood were Mesdames E. M. Bailey, 
'Penn Mitchell, J. A. Reed, J. K. 
Humphries, Misses Mattie and Hattie 
Mitchell and Elizabeth Logan. 

The Carrie Dyer Reading club en- 
tertained at the Wilderness, the home 
of Dr. and Mrs. E. M. Bailey, Wednes- 
day at 2:30 p. m. in honor of Mrs. 
C.. L. Lockwood, of Grand Rapids, 
Mich. Progressive rook was enjoyed 
by thirty guests. Mrs, Lockwood was 
for many years a resident of Acworth 
and a member of this club. 


Afternoon Tea 


For Research Club. 


| Mrs. F. A. Parkins entertained at 


an informal afternoon tea Tuesday 
for the members of the Research club 
and a few special friends. . The occa- 
sion was one of delightful hospitali- 
ty. A charming musical program was 
given by Mrs. Edward Thomas, on 
the violin. with Miss Jessie Parkins, 
accompanist, and piano solos by Miss 
Jessie Reynolds and Miss Esther Ter- 
rill were greatly enjoyed. 

The guests were Mrs. Stonewall 
Jackson. Mrs. C, A, Gerald, Mrs. 
Bruce Chestnut, Mrs. Edward Thom- 
as, Mrs. J. A. Carnenter. Mrs. Sea- 
horn King, Mrs. J. B. Reynolds, Miss 
Jessie Reynolds. Miss Esther Herring, 
Miss Mary Etliet. Mrs. J. B, Mor- 
gan, Mrs. S. C. Wiel, Mrs. T. C. Je- 


bs 


It will in- | 


a » ie 
Paige “i 


see ale ge, Se 


Social News. 

Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Crowder Hale 
are spending this week in Rome, Ga. 

Miss Mary Leia Patterson, of Gril- 
fin, Ga., is the guest vf Mrs. ira A. 
Smith. 

airs. Jennie Wilkins has returned 


from a visit to reiatiyes in Newnan. | 


Miss Fannie Sue Baiiey, of Atuan- 
ta, was the guest this week of Mrs. 
simsey bvster. 

Miss Nugenia Netherton has’ re- 
turned from a visit te relatives in 
Montezuma, Ga. 

Mr. and Mrs. G. O. Sherrer and 
family have returned from a_ visit 
to reiatives in Opelika, Ala. 

Mrs. Clifton Coriey has returned 
to her home in Greenville, S. C., aft- 
er a visit of several weeks to her 
mother, Mrs. Ira A. Smith. 

Miss Sara Hinton, of Greenville, 
Ga., wa@tne guest this week of Miss 
Grace Kener. 

Mr. and Mrs. Monroe Huie, - of 
Riverdale, Ga.,- visited their daugh- 
ier, Mrs. R, ‘I’. Ade.hcit, this week, 
- Miss Blanche Roberts has return- 
ed from a visit to relatives in Wash- 
ington, VD. C. 


Social News 


krom Decatur. 

Miss Emmie Davis gave a most en- 
joyable bridge party on Saturday 
night in honor of her sister, Mrs. M. 
G. Paine. The guests were Mr. and 
Mrs. M. G. Paine, Dr. and Mrs. Bag- 
gett, Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Trotti, Mr. 
and Mrs. Harris, Mr. and Mrs, Roy 
G. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Branen, 
Mr. and Mrs. Fagan, Miss Mary Davis 
and Paul Weekes. 

Mrs. P. H. Jeter entertained the 
executive board of the Agnes Lee 
chapter, U. D. C., at a luncheon last 
Friday at her home on Sycamore 
street. 

Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Chambers had 
as their guests during the holidays 
their son and daughter, Mr. and Mrs, 


. Adams was hostess to 
the Clairemont Avenue Bridge club 
last Thursday. 

Mrs. Ralph Stevens is very il] at 
St. Joseph's hospital. 

The North Side Rook club met with 
Mrs. G. K. Christian last Wednesday 
afternoon. 

Mrs. P. L. Weekes entetrained 
-welve friends delightfully at rook last 
Tuesday at her home on Sycamore 
street. 

Mrs. Lute Hunnicutt will entertain 
the Thirteen club next Thursday after- 
noon. 

Mrs. Hugh ‘Trotti will entertain the 
Chatters’ Bridge club at a luncheon 
next Friday. 

Last Friday afternoon little Miss 
Elizabeth Scott entertained at a 
beautiful children’s party at the home 
of her parents. Mr. and Mrs, Joh 
Scott, of Scottdale. ; 

The “Mr and Mrs.” Bridge club 
will meet next week with Mr. and 
Mrs. Thomas Campbell. 

The little giris on McDonough street 
were given a delightful party last 
Wednesday evening by Mrs. M. Huteb- 


son. 

Mrs. Charles Heer entertained at a 
dinner and theater party last Thurs- 
dav in honor of her guests, Miss 


te dg! nd . 44 Ses by 
- ty as, ae iat Be eter ie) 
a pri OE Ne Rac calle 
Sg” aan Pee ie ety ae ae yg 
wet ; 


de ee a ee 
et Se —_ C ia 


m7 x sep c 


> t, 5 af od “4 : , in 
a 3 4 + Pi," v3 - _ ie 4. (oe a 
WARS Bypass nee ae ee Ports in Pe Bi > 5 
ee x ™ suit f pig “3 me "Wo oe Babaes of - zs, 24 
: ie : ae 
ow ma ae . v +E “ | . ( > 


" vy 
1. 2 


For Dedicatory Poem 
By Woman's Club 


Interest is centered in the announce- 
ment that Mrs. Ernest L. Khodes is 
offering a prize of $5.00 for a poem oi 
dedication to the Atlanta Womans 
'club auditorium, this poem to be read 
at the opening of the auditorium. 
wirs. Kari Snerwood wackson, chair- 
.man of the poetry contest, announces 
the conditions of the contest and urges 
conditions. The poems must be sent 
conditions. ‘Te poems mst be sent 
in unsigned, but a sealed envelope 
should be inclosed with the poem, 
carrying on the outside the name vi 
the poem and inside the name of the 
author, and this envelope must be 
sealed. Any poem carrying the name 
of the author will be discarded. 

This contest is open to any resident 
of Atlanta or suburb and will close 
January 25. The poem must be mail- 
ed not later than midnight of January 


than January 265. 

The judges who will »ass on the 
poems and decide the winner are Mrs. 
Einnia Guret Boyd, Mrs. Lollie Belle 
Wylie, Mrs. D. EF. Stevenson, Wadley 
Thompson and Mrs. Karl Sherwood 
— chairman of the poetry con- 
est. 

All manuscripts should be addressed 
to Mrs. Earl Sherwood Jackson, chair- 
man of poetry contest, Atlanta Wom- 
an’s club, 946 Peachtree street, city, 


Nancy berry acd Miss Audry Berry, 
of New York city. 

Mrs. Roberts has returned to her 
home in Miami, Fla., after spending 
the holidays with her parents, Mr. 
und Mrs. J. C. Maness. 

Mr, and Mrs, W. 'l’. Fowler enter- 
tained a dinner party last Tuesday 


Mrs. J. M. Haymore, Mr. and Mrs. 
Robert Howard Mrs. John McDowell, 
Miss Alma Haymore, James Haymore 
and Everett Haymore. 

A study club of fourteen members 
was organized at the home of Mrs. W. 
A. Sayward last Wednesday after- 
noon for the study of mudern writers. 
The members are Mrs. Sayward Mrs, 
Wyley Ansley, Mrs. W. A. Alden, 
Mrs. C. J. Metz, Mrs. P. H. Jeter, 
Mrs. J. M. Dessesaur, Mrs. Frank 
Harwell, Mrs. R. B. Beck, Mrs. H. D. 
Taylor, Mrs. 8. R. Christie, Mrs. Wy- 
ley West, Mrs. T. C. Taliaferro, Mrs. 
Jack Ridley and Mrs. George M. Na- 
pier, 


East Point 


Social News. 


W. L. Scott has returned from Co- 
lumbus, Ohio. 

Mrs. ©. H. Richardson is recover- 
ing from a few days illness. 
_ J. M. Allison, of Washville, ‘Tenn., 
is spending the week-end with home 
folks. 

Miss Leila Bishop has returned 
from a ten days’ visit in Jefferson. 

Misses Edilou and Carolyn Sim- 
mons have returned from Lanette, 
Ala., where they visited their broth- 
er, John Simmons. 

Mrs. F. BE. McClue, who has been 


24 and must be received not later . 


evening. Covers were laid for Dr. and 


at her home on Hamilton avenue. 

Mr. and Mrs. W. EB. Robinson en- 
tertained a company of friends at a 
“watch party” Saturday evening. 

Miss Annie Lou and Thomas Nolan 
have returned from a visit in Turin. 

Miss Gladys McConnell entertained 
the members of her Sunday school 
class at a “watch party” Saturday 
evening. 

Rey. and Mrs. O. C. Simmons had 
as their guests during the past week, 
Mrs. 8S. C. Simmons and three attrac- 
tive children, -f Kannapolis; N. C.: 
Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Wallace, of 
Lanette, Ala., and Mrs. Martin Car- 
den, of Columbus, Ga. 

Miss Ruth Crawley has returned 
from a visit in Omaha, Ga. 

Elizabeth, the young daughter of 
Mr. and Mrs. F. 8S. Newlin, is suf- 
fering from a broken arm. 

Mr. and Mrs. B. H. Orr announce 
the birth of a daughter at home, on 

ecember 31. 

Mr. and Mrs. H. Page, formerly of 
Wayn2sboro, have moved to 612 South 
Chureh street. 

Thomas Nolen, of Washington, Ga., 
4s visiting with relatives. 

Miss Ruth Holley has returned 
from an extended visit in Miami, Fla. 

Mrs. T. F. Griffin is indisposed at 
her home on East Point avenue. 

Rev. and Mrs. Homer SS. Jenkins 
returned yesterday from Gainesville, 
where they have been guests of Dr. 
and Mrs. L. B. Bridges, for several 


; Ps : ? 2 
A 8 agra “oy 
* ae & eS a 


$- : _ 2 ae 
. ite ie a ie S a 
¥ fers ek ‘% F 


eg Pa 
Woman 's.Club 
To Meet Tuesday 


Dr. A. T. Osborn, psychological 
ecturer, will speak at the meeting 
Tuesday afternoon of the College Park 
Woman's ciub, his subject being “The 
Greatest Thing in the. World.” All 
who are interested in practical pay- 
chology should not miss this lecture, 
4t is one of the best of the series. 

Mrs. McMurdo. of Fort McPherson, 
will sing several selections. The club 
and audience are fortunate in having 
this celebrated artist on this occasion. 

Mrs. BE. P. Crenshaw, chairman of 
welfare, will preside at this meeting. 

Mrs. Aderhold, the president, urges 
all members to be present On time, as 
business matters of importance must 
be taken up. 

On the evening of January 24, Dr. 
Osborn will deliver the last of his lec- 
tures, and his subject will be “The 
Story Your Face Tells.” He will in- 
vite a number of well-known people 
from the audience and read their char- 
acter and thoughts from their facea. 

This promises to he an occasion of 
unusual interest. The public is cor- 
dially invited. 


Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Martin have 
returned from Sharpsburg, where they 
were guests of Mr. and Mrs, G. 1. 
Smith. 


o- - 
. 


SPECIAL SALE! 


Women’s High-Grade Boots 
Tomorrow © 


95 


Pair 


Odds and ends in high- 
grade Women’s Boots 
—button and lace 
styles — military 
and high heels 
— sizes are 
broken. 


SPUPUUUEUAUOAAUUAEEEOUERUEEEO GOT ER 


8) BF 


7G 


The LINEN >= 


GUUHACU CESARE GDOADORERHOGTONEEED!= 


CUUUEAUADSCQEGUEUEGCHUGELUCUERCEGCUCULORGEDGSCLER SECT CTTT SA TASTE TREES 


texture, dazzling whiteness 
linens .are incomparable. 
reduced. 


plain border. 
Table Cloths— 2x2 yds. 
$14.25 


$18.26 $20.25 


Adams Style. 

Table Cloths— 2x2 yds. 
$18.00 

2%4x2% yds. 
$26.80 


Table Cloths— 2x2 yds. 
$19.75 

2144x2% yds. 
$29.63 


Table Cloths— 2x2 yds.. 
$21.38 

2144x2% yds. 
$30.45 


22-inch Napkins, $19.50 doz. 24 
27-inch Napkins, $27.53 doz. 


Quality 2579—In several lovely designs. 
Greek Scroll. 
2x2% yds. 

$22.50 
2144x3 yds. 

$32.10 
22-inch Napkins, $28.50. 
27-inch Napkins, $37.50 doz. 


Quality 2485—Designs are Italian Renaissance; Shamrock.:- - - - 
2x2% yds. 
$25.25 
24%4x3 yds. 
$35.55 
22-inch Napkins, $30.38 doz. 


Quality 2590—Very artistic designs. 
2x2% yds. 
$26.78 
24%4x3 yds. 
$36.60 
22-inch Napkins, $31.50 doz. 


The Great January Sale Is In Full Blast. Our Sales 


Force Is Busier Selling Fine Linens Than They've ; 


Been In Many Years 


Hand Loom Damasks 


We feature Ireland Bros. 
with Napkins to match in the January Sale. 


Genuine Hand Loom Table Cloths 
For firmness of 
and high lustre, these wonderful 


Prices during this sale are much 


Quality 1900—Hand Woven Damask, comes only in two designs. 
Plain satin with circular satin band, and Ribbon Stripe with 


2x2% yds. 
$16.80 


2x3 yds. 
$21.38 


2x3% yds. 


24%4x2% yds. 24%4x2% yds. 214%4x3 yds. 2%2x2% yds. 


$24.25 $22.50 , 
24-inch Napkins, $22.13 doz. 


American Beauty Rose. 


2x3 yds. 

$27.00 
242x2% yds. 24%2x3 yds. 

$31.00 $37.45 
24-inch Napkins, $32.00. — 


24%4x2% yds. 
$24.15 i 


2x3 yds. 

$30.38 
244x2% yds. 214x3 -yds: 

$32.00 $37.55 
27-inch Napkins, $41.50 doz. 


Louis XVI. Celtic Scroll. 
2x3 yds. 2%4x2% yds. 
$31.10 

2144x2% yds. 242x3 yds. 
. $33.00 $39.50 

27-inch Napkins, $41.63 doz. 


24%4x2% yds. 
$26.63 


Quality 700— 

Table Cloths— 
Former Price 
January Sale 


Moravian Damasks---AWNYC 


2144x2% yds. 
$50.00 
$2250 


2%4x3™% yds. 
$70.00 
$25.00 


22-inca Napkins were $30.00 at $13.90. 
26-inch Napkins were $42.50 at $18.50. 


, 


The Linen Store is the only concern in Atlanta where you can obtain the following brands of 
High Grade Linens. Our prices on these wonderful Linens are down to less than half.—We urge you 
to buy at once as the increased rate of Sterling prevents us from obtaining more at these prices. 


Brown’s Shamrock Brand Fine Linens 


True Irish Linens that are known the world over. 


lutely dependable. 


tant part. 


Shamrock Brand Cloths and Napkins 
at Less Than Half 


Quality A— 
Table Cloths— 
=. Sah Fae, 
Former Price— 
. » .$28.00. . 


January Sale— 
$12.90 


2x24 yds. 


. $35.00 $42.00 


$16.50 $19.40 


' 22-inch Napkins, were $27.50, at $12.50 dozen. 
27-inch Napkins, were $35.00, at $16.90 dozen. 


Quality A-1— 


2x2 2x2% 2x3 244x2% 2% x3 244x3% 214x4 
Yds. 
$30.00 $37.50 $45.00 $37.50 $50.00 $55.00 $62.50 
14.00 1750 21.00 17.50 22.00 25.00 28.50 


' "22-inch Napkins, were $37.50—$15.00 dozen. 
27-inch Napkins, were $45.00—$18.50 dozen. 


. Table .Claths..... Yds. Yds. 
Former Price 


January Sale 


Out-of-town ‘customers who want Cloths or Napkins from 
this lot are advised to mail their orders at once. 
lutely satisfied goods can be returned. 


| Guaranteed to wear well, to be always Jus- 
trous.and.a. source of pleasure to the housekeeper. 
“January Sale” Brown’s Shamrock Linens play a very impor- 


2x3 yds. 


ad 


ad 


Abse 


In the 


24%4x2% yds. 2%x3 yda. 


$36.00 $45.00 


$16.90 $21.90 


Yds. Yds. Yds. Yds. 


If not abso- 


Moravian Damasks---A WNYC 


Quality 760.— 

Table Cloths— 
Former Price 
Sale Price 


2x2 yds. 
$35.00 
- $15.00 


22-inch Napkins, were $35.00, at $15.00. 
26-inch Napkins, were $45.00, at $20.00. 


The above sold only at The Linen Store. 


2144x2% yds. 
$48.00 
$22.50 


244x3 yds. 
365.00 
$28.00 


is a great buy. 
them back. 


Flyer for Monday Selling 
50 Doz. 20-Inch Napkins 


The Linen Store Specigl,, real Irish linen 


Monday Sale, dozen.:...i....¢.4....$6.90 


Twenty dozen have been lafd ‘aside for the 


first twenty orders. Rush.’em alang. . This 
If you don’t like ’em send 


space. 


Towels at Pre-War Prices 
100 Doz. 20x36 Towels 


We bought these when sterling was low. 
We placed a big order with this Irish mill 
and you're going to benefit. 


Hemstitched, all-linen Huck Towels, 20x 
36 inches, damask borders and ‘monogram 
Last year, $2.50, now, each $1,00 


By mail, % dozen, $6,00; 1 dozen, $12.00 : 


will go. 


A: Wonderful Table Cloth— 
Offer---50 Table Cloths 
2x2 Yards at $6.90 Each 


We offer pure Irish linen damask Table 
Cloths, extra good quality. They were 
$17.50 last season. We have these in five 
good designs with Napkins to match, 22 
inches. square, dozen ......- 50 


Here’s- a special.our out-of-town friends 
will appreciate. 


Don’t be slow, for these 


UPUDGGAUAAUTACAGGUUUUAUUERUUGUGUCGUEEDOQGUUEGCACUAUUERGAGUDOGGQEOCUEOUEUGCUGECGEOUCTOCCUGEOCLOGUUCUCGCEEGUUUCCUREGEGUGTECSOCHOCUEAUEGEOOGSCUUGCECUUECQUHOCUGCE GOCCGCEOGECECSCECECCCEA GAGE EE CRE ETER EA EE CEE 


’ 
—S—lUelUS - 
oJ 
e ae. 
- ~~ #7 Soe 
¥ ’ & 
¢ om f 


It Pays to Buy «at The 


etait 


Linen a Mere—A Safe 


Place for Linens! 


cit 
han Sy 
r k e 


UPL LEEPER CEE EEE eee AUUOUAHUATUUAADONCApAAQUUCUON CAE OAADEATAUUGOU ESTED AGEL 


Se toed 
ad 


2 


TT 


Photographs by Walton Reeves. 


A foursome of pretty young women in winter costumes 


t De he 


> 


t 


“ la 
Fatt. aa 
VS tit 5 


who are members of Atlanta’s social life. 


Reading from left to right: Miss Margaret Morgan and Miss Martha Fort are in the upper row. Mrs. Carl 
Lewis, formerly Mlle. Marguerite Calusaut, of Paris, France, is at the lower left, and at the extreme right 
is Miss Ann Davidson, of New York, who visited Miss Mae Emery and has been a feted visitor. 


At anta. Society's big Wee gain Assured| 


The most important week on Atlanta’s social calendar for the year 
is settled upon, with the announcement today that the annual engage- 
ment of the Metropolitan Opera compay is again assured, and that the 
date is set for April 24-29. 

Preliminary plans for the eleventh season in which the greatest 
operatic organization in the world has provided Atlanta with a week oi 
urand opera have been effected and these indicate that the character 
of the engagement will in every respect match the 
opera in Atlanta. 

The list of stars is headed by Amelita Galli-Curci, Lucrezia Bori 
i women; Benjamino Gigli, Harrold Martineili, 


s . ** é 7 


and 


. _ . 


best traditions of | 


Antonio Scotti, Danise and D®.vur among the men, with many of those 
other favorites without ye 0 the engagement would not seem like 


itself, 

Carnso's absence will naturally be br pc cs aah yy Bao that one 

, o e biggest years anta ever 

felt _ less than it has been this.sea-| from the standpoint of attendance 
son in New York ; yet the two months | and brilliance was a year in which 
alrendy completed in New York are| Caruso did not come. 
conceded to be among the ‘most bril-| The announcement that the season 
liant and memorable in the history of }.of opera for 1922 is assured, will an- 
the organization, with new singers | swer the frequent question, whieb, for 
making sensational successes and those | at least a month or longer has been 
of longer standing ‘on mettle; 'on the topgue of Atlanta people, and 


» ‘re oe = tt he Abeer - 


7 ice a Saye “4 —- Be 


. 
= 


bs we > 
<b , fy 
oF, ¢ . . 


P ; 
% oe A * 
peer ekg a ag ee 
, - ? 
. Lae y’ - 
he ne F - 
+i be wee ¢ - 
; * .¢ 
: THE. aa ‘A 
4 * . ‘ 
— 


tia witt se.ue down to satisfied 
contemplation and a definite pian- 
| of the rest of its social year. 


Sa ams ra week has become aimost as 


_ Mech an Atlanta institution,” 
eke 
% oe ed, “as Atianta is herself. 
ent culture are looking to us for this 
he wala week of enjoyment. 
the whole 


_ The Coming 


Ry 
mi 
ay 
3 
ver 


said 
Prominent citizen yesterday when 
heard that preliminaries had been 
And 
- Virginia to Texas, people of musi- 


In no year 


| woula we afford to disappoint this 


broad and representative patronage of 
south.” 


’ Week 
A Busy One. 


. This second week of January just 
beginning will be a busy one for At- 
lanta people, with important organi- 
gation meetings, the coming of a dis- 
tinguished visitor or two, some music 

sensationally high standard, and 
the regular social program of dances. 

On Tuesday afternoon the Drama 
league will open its second term with 
a delightful program and the an- 
nouncement of a most interesting sea- 
son ahead, these announcements her- 
aulded in advance in another column of 
The Constitution today. 

“On Wednesday the meeting of the 
board of directors of the Georyvia Fed- 
eration of Music Clubs will eftect 
sone important business, and the oe- 
easion, bringing to Atlanta prominent 
women from many Georgia cities, will 
be marked socially by a luncheon at 
which Miss Nan Stephens, a national 
director, willbe hostexs ut ber hom», 
und a tea to be given by Miss Evelyn 
Jackson, , 

On the same evening the Russian, 


Sergei Rachmaninoff, one-of the most 


eelebratea COM Hse 8 “une pracasal St of 
the day, will give a recital at the Au- 
ditorium. 


On Vhursduy. an. art eutherity of 


_mMational recogn.tion, and a national! 


ehairman of the (ienern! Federntion of 
Women’s Clubs, Mrs. Rose V. S. Ber- 
ry, of Berkeley, (al., wii! be the d-s- 
tinguished guest «.: 2 subscription 
hincheon at the Capital City elub, 
arranged by Mrs, Ulric S. Atkinson, 
the chairman of the division of art, 
fzeorgia Federation of Women’s Clubs, 
which will assemble representat.ves 
of the leading civic. art and federated 
rinb interests of Atlanta in the after- 
noon of the same day. Mrs. Berry will 
he the principal speaker at the Jan- 
uary meeting of the City Federation 
of Womer.’s Clubs, her address to be 
followed by a reception to the Atlanta 
Art association and Atlanta chapter, 
Red Cross, of which the city federa- 
tion will be the hostess organization, 
nnd a noteworthy exhibition of pic- 
tures. 

On Saturday afternoon will occur 
the laying of the corner stone of Hab- 
ersham memorial hall, which will com- 
memorate the sucrifice of the heroes of 
all American wars, Joseph Habersham 
chapter, D. A. R., to erect the build- 
ing. 

On the same afternoon the Music 
elub will present Nelson Illingworth, 


} 
{ 


| 


Levent 


Careker will be a social event of this 
month. 

Artistic decorations of palms aud 
potted piants, arranged with vases of 
narcissi and pink carnations, were 
used effectively throughout the re- 
' ception rooms. 

The table im the dining room was 
covered with a Madeira ¢loth, and a 
silver basket of narcissi and. pink 
carnations graced the center. ‘his 
was encircled with silver candlesticks 
holding pink lighted tapers. 

in the receiving line were Mrs, 
Strickiand, Miss Ciaire Dickey, Mrs. 
J. E. Dickey, Mrs. C. E. Boyd, Mrs. 
H. B. Rogers and Mrs. Fred ‘Thomas. 


gowned in black face. 

Miss Dickey was lovely in a frock 
of brown lace trimmed with beads, 

Mrs. J. E. Dickey wore a gown of 
black Canton crepe. 

Mrs. C. E. Boyd was gowned in 
white charmeuse. 

Mrs. H. B. Rogers’ gown was fash- 
foned of jade green georgette with 
| silver trimmings. 

Mrs. Fred Thomas was gowned in 
black lace. 

Mrs. Frank Carter poured tea and 
was gowned in blue embroidered 
crepe. 

One hundred guests called during 


, the ufternoon. 
i 


| Dinner-Dance 
At Driving Club. 


The regular week-end dinner-dance 
at the Piedmont Driving club was the 
of Saturday evening. 

The club was attractively decorated 
with palms and ferns, and vases of 
narcissi and ferns formed the center- 
pieces for the tahleg, 


Mr. and Mrs. James Taylor Wil- 
liams entertained in honor of Mra. 
M. M. Stapleton, of New York, the 
attractive guest of Mrs. Ciifford 
ilatcher. Covers were placed for Mrs. 
Stapleton, Mrs. Hatcher, Dr. E. C. 
Ballenger, Thomas Lyons, Joseph 
Raine and Mr. and Mrs. Williams. 

Mrs. Albert Thornton was hostess 
to a group of friends. 

Dr. Newdigate M. Owensby enter- 
tained a party of four. 


Artists Entertained 
At Benefit Dinner, 


Sianllteetinedetinmenetina ae 


interpreter of songs, and one of the 
most interesting artists on the concert 
stage in America, in recital at Egles- 
ton hall. 


A happy event of Friday evening 
was the dinner given by Miss Nai 
Stephens in honor of Miss Susan Dy- 
er, composer, and the three artists. 
Miss Jean Knowlton, sporano; Miss 
Marion Rous, pianist-and authority 
on modern music, and Miss Maria 
Elise Johnson, violinist, who present- 
ed the beautiful program of Miss Dy- 
er’s works Saturday erening at Egles- 
ton hall, under the auspices of the 
Music elub. 

After a handsomely appointed din- 
ner, there was un imprompiu program 
of music, which was made particular- 
iy significant, in that it was made up 
largely of the compositions of the 
little company, all of whom are dis- 
tinguished by real attainment in mu- 
sic. At the reouest of the visitors, 
Miss Grace Stephens, just home trom 
a brief season of light opera with the 


‘Nine States to Send 
Red Cress Workers 


To Atlania Meeting 


About 25 Red Cross medjeal social 
workers from the Pacific heaith serv- 
ice hospitals of Georgia, Florida, 
North and South Carolina, Virginia, 
rTennessec, Alabama, Mississ.ppi and 
Louisiana, will be entertsined at an 
indoor picnic on the evening of Fri- 
day, January 13, by mempers of the 


| 


sand 


cital two years ago having attracted 


Tausig. 


staff at Red Cross headquarters in 
Mrs. Strickland was Randtomely | Atlante. 


The occasion of the party is a two- 
day conference for which the Red 
Cross workers from the hospitals have 
been summoned to division headquar- 
ters in order to talk over plans for 
the work of the coming yeur and to 
gain inspiration and knowledge from 
discussing their problems with each 
other. 

The party will take place at & o’ciock 
in the evening at Nikke Inn, on Peach- 
tree road, which, although. closed for 
the winter, has been donated through 
the courtesy of its proprietur for the 
use of the Red Cress workers and will 
be opened especially for tbis occasion. 
Dancing und amusing stunts have 


ory Univ 


sity President 
To Address Woman’s Club 


? : F , ’ i. ‘ ; 2 ; 
ey hindi Sis. “4. nee. eee Se nee ee Se 


~ 


Dr. H. W. Cox, president of Emory 
univfersity, will be the principal] 
speaker at the regular meeting of the 
Atlanta Woman's club Monday after- 
noon at 3 o'clock. Dr. Cox is a lead- 
ing educator of the seuth and a bril- 
liant speaker. He will speak on 


psychology in its special application to | 
dis- | 
euss this subject not merely from a! 


mental hygiene. Dr. Cox will 
theoretical viewpoint. but from actu- 
al observation and tests as developed 
during his long experience as a stu- 
dent and teacher of this subject. 


Discussion. 


numbrs, “Rephsody in B Minor,” by 
Brahms; “The Minute Waltz,” by 
Chopin, and “Nocturne in F Sharp,” 
by Chopin. 


contest, 
udded to bis credit. 


aeroupanied by Mrs. Charlgs Hoke. 
Mrs. Carlton is well Enown in mu- 


{Mr. and Mrs. 


Mr. Everhart is a pupil | 
of Earl Chester Smith, and won the | 22° a 
medal in the state music contest last | their ages, formed a receiving line. 


March at my ciate gr He is also win- 
ner of the medal in the city musie- 
and hus other distinctions | aa 
Mrs. B. O. Cari- | decorated dining room, carryiug out 
ion, soprano, at St. Mark’s Methodist | the color scheme of yellow and green 
cburch, will sing a group of songs! After this, an 


sical cireles in Atlanta, possessing | of Lanett, Ala. 


a ne af 
=a : eee ‘ . = fh &, 


5 ERO ee RES CITT eae ee 


a va ? 
. * - * < 
ee a ee aes J ee 


RP ee ae a a ee 


oe = ee Bes . 


Ga 


Celebrate Golden 


W eddingin Wadley 


Mr. and Mrs. James M. Gay, of | Bertholet. 


nue, Saturday evening. Major Sea- 
mans ig in the cavalry of the Georgia 
national guard. 

The guests included General and 
Mrs. J. Van Holt Nash, Colonel and 
Mrs. J: M. Kimbrough. Jr., Major 
end Mrs. F. FE. Wilson, Major Arthur 
McCollum, Captain and Mrs. F. E 
Captain and Mrs. J. 


de 


S. 


Wadley, Ga., celebarted their golden! Slicer, Lieutenant and Mrs. Walter 


wedding on Tuesday, December 13, be- | 


ing married in 1871. The children 
und parents, arranged according to 


From the end of the receiving line 
the guests passed into the beatuifully 


impressive ceremony 
was performed by Rev. A. C. Yeargin, 
Mrs. Oliver, of Da- 


: 
’ 


‘ 
, 
| 
i 

; 


j 


Candler, Lieutenant and Mrs. Holt C. 
Gewinner, Lieutenant Henry Green, 
Dr. and Mrs. F. E. Vander Veer, Mr. 
and Mrs. Albert Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. 
Willis Davis, Miss Estelle Lindsey, 
Mrs. Lillian J. Hardin, Mrs. Myra 
Orr Jackson, Mrs. Jack Dennis, A. F. 
Akers, and Hall Jackson. 


Mrs. Warner Is Hostess. 


Mrs. Edward G. Warner entertained 
at an inforinal tea Friday afternoon 


| friends, and was ; 
| of social affairs to be given by Mrs, 


uniper street, the 
a small group of 
he first of a series 


at her ou 
occasion assembl 


Warner. who has but recently taken 
possession of her home, after an abs 
sence of ‘several years. 

The hostess observed the old custom 
of leaving the decorations of the 
Christmas time until after the Epiph- 
any season is passed, and throughout 
the apartments ~potted plants, poin- 
settias and California evergreens were 
used in the eluborate decorations 

In the d.ning room the lace-covered 
table had for the centerpiece an old 
ivory basket filled with narcissi and 
California pepper berries, The handle 
of the basket was tied with a bow 
of red tuile. 


a 


Mrs. Warner was gowned in brown 


charmeuse, with rust-colored chiffon 


combinations, 


Mrs. Albert BE. Thornton, a member 
of the board of directors, National 
Good Roads association, national 
chairman woman’s commission, Bank- 
head Highway association, and vice 
president of the Georgia Good Roads 
association, will explain woman’s part 
in the building of better roads, 

4 Musie. 


Mrs. Charles Chalmers has ar- 


been planned for the evening and a 
pienic supper wall be served. In ad- | 
dition to the out-of-town ‘isitors and 
the department directors at Red Cross , 
headquarters. a2 number of workers 
from the veterans’ bureau have been 
invited. About oU0 guests will make | 
up the party. { 


t-! 
lanta Musie club, will be the directors | 
of the Georgia Federation of Women’s! 
Clubs, who will hold their January! 
meeting at that timé. The date, in 
fact, was chosen on@account of 


oy eee 


tors to hear Rachmaninoff. 

Leading officials of the various! 
music elubs throughout Georgia have 
made arrangements to attend the con-! 


Russian will bring an unusual num-} 
ber of piano teachers and their pupils 
from other cities. The several colleges 
and conservatories will be widely rep- 
resented, 

Awong the directors of the Georgia 
Federation of Musie Clubs attending 
the recital will be the president, Mrs. 
KF, E. Vaissiere, of Rome; Mrs. W. 
P. Bailey, of Savannah. first vice 
president; Mrs. Lee Ryals. of Cordele, 
Mrs. ‘IT. R. Lane, of Macon. 

It was at the urgent request of 
the Atlanta Music club that a return 
engagement was arranged with Mr, 
Rachmaninoff for this season, his re 


} 


unusual attention and interest. 

The program to be given by Rach- 
maninoff is announced as follows: 

1. Sonata (opus 13), Beethoven. 

2. Invitation to the Dance, Weber-! 


3. (a) Batlade, (b) Mazurka, (ce) | 
Nocturne, (d) Valse, (e) Polonaise, | 
Chopin. | 

4. ia) 


4. 
(b) Polka de W. R., 


! members. 


Prelude in C-sharp act 
Rachinaninoff. | 


ranged a musical program which 
promises to be most pleasing. Lau- 
rence Everhart, of Decatur, a young 
pianist with many laurels and a dis- 


! 
! 


Xl 
ia 
RO 


tinct place already in the music?l 
circles of the south. will play three 
i - 


Program for 


Dancing Party 


ry 
Ciome Economics 


Meeting [hursday 


The usual large attendance is ex-' 
pected at the reguiar montniy meeting, | 
Wednesday, at 3 o'clock, of the home, 


| 
/ 
; 
i 


cert, while the visit of the famous} economics department of the Atianta - 
Woman's club, the meeting to be held: 


in the jarge reception hal! ot the ciub- 
house, Mrs, Newton C. Wing, chair- 
mau, presiding. 


j 


! 


Registration for club members only | 


will be made preceding the meeting | 
between 2 and 4 o'clock, fur the new 
term of Smith-Hughes ciasses in mulli- | 
nery, designing and dranghting, cook- | 
ing and sewing. Mrs. Norman Pool 
nomies Smith-Hughes clusses, will be | 
on hand at that time with her class 
chairinen to register all club members, 
Registration of club members in these | 
classes automatically makes them 
members of the home economics\depart- | 
ment, with all privileges of same, such | 
as attendance at the regular monthly | 
meetings of the department, ete. This | 
does not apply, naturally, to 10N- | 
Registration for nonmem- ' 

bers will be announced later. 
Features will be a talk by the n®) 
tional chairman of citizenship, Mrs. 
Alonzo Richardson, division of citizen 
training. her subject to be “The House- | 


(given by Miss Frances Kenady and! 


’ 
‘ 


‘rate display of Christmas foliage andj children 


! 


, | tertaining were Mrs. Thomas Bean, 
divisional chairman of tue home eco-| Mrs. Maude Bell, Mrs. W. T. Terrell 


For Younger Set. 

One of the most delightful socia)' 
affairs for the younger school set Was | 
the dancing party Thursday evening 


—— 


i ° 


an unusually exquisite voice and a} viston, Ala., the oaly iiving attendant ‘ | 
personality that wins instantly. of fifty yeurs ago, was bridesmaid, and | em oa TT ee | aL IM 
nt é ‘ 
: ress Ha “ ee ——— other attendants. At the beginning he| 91, @¢.4 
Mrs. W. B. Price-Smith, chairman | tne ceremony, little Ruth Crowder, of! ae a | all’ « | | pa , 
of the auditorium committee, aM-/ Shawmut, sang “1 Love You Truly.”| , i 4 ui) 
nounces a luncheon to Le given Wed-) yiises Mary Lou Gay and Helen: Hi 1 | | hi! i | BS 
nesday, January 11, at the clubhouse. | (ok of Wedowee, gave ipproriate| . Vanagddiaeatl 
which all, summers are invited. : ft | Mra, i. ¥, Mamects, Mee, ©. G-geeee: 
is requestec iat reservations bej ygsoc. elk peAomge ne (ia! . 
made with Mrs. Simmons immediate- | ans’. cuavést, “Mtives ‘Threads aiwens| Whether you have a large commercial flock 
ly. There will be several surprises | the Gold.” | or only a few hens in your backyard, you'll be 
to feature this luncheon, in addition Next came the ribbon bearers. little! sure to get more eggs with less feed when you 
securing funds and the details of the row Kilgore, of W eogufka, bearing | feed your laying hens 
building plans. green ribbons. Little 2-vear-old Kath. | 
iryn Gay, of Ashland, carried the ring 
m the heart of a chrysanthemum. . . 
i Misses Ruth Crowder and Lacy Hood! Buttermilk has always been good for — 
¥ caried bask , oan, and now that it is manufactured in dri 
Then followed the bridal party to the! * -. s 
strains of Mendelssuhn's wédding | orm, oe Ed a cag wag juts it mto 
marcb, played by Mrs. J. J. Crowder.|! their app en Mas » W ac 1has Gaways been 
The diving room and living room were! known as the best egg making feed. 
beatuifully decorated in cut flowers. 
ms _—j the parents and all the children assem- hens lay quicker and keeps them laying throughout the 
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wallace D | bled around a bountifully spread table winter season. In ieetann tienen coy Aeweteera, = Mash, 
Kvenady. ' ¢ Mr. 4 “Ss rs, Gay haje — in you should also feed Manna Scratch Feed. 
The spacious rooms were thrown; es i0, this community, and have z Pea 
together and decorated with an elabo-| mene ee cee bene. See of The Edgar Morgan facto a Memphis is one 
: Ps one great-grandchild.| ny eae er og er ages 
flowers and vases of holly and mis-| [wo children are dead—one died) is : “ ‘ A 
os $ ses of holly and mis-|—— infancy ie aes Sie ae | always the best possib!e vaiue icr the price you pay. 
ee .  , _|R. ‘B. Kilgore, who left — two] Ask for these and other Edgar-Morgan Feeds. Get 
Miss Kenady was charming in aj children, Dewey Kilgore and Gla-| them ioday. ny Sage . 
dainty frock of blue taffeta, trimmed 
with rosebuds. Assisting in the en- 


¥ 
— wen 


Auditorium Luncheon. five little granddaughters were the ij | R é 
‘ ; ' ' ; 6 
’ fit an \e M} 
This is a subscription luncheoh (O/ readings, and four of the daughters, 
to announcements of the progress in Murine iny, of Wadley, and Wood-! 
Happy Hen Buttermilk Mash 
i(‘allaway caried baskets of yellow. 
W. T. Kenads, at the home of their| {tS aud tulle. After the ceremony Happy Hen Buttermilk Mash makes moulting 
children living, twenty-eight grand-| 
This well known concern makes only high grade feeds— 
dys : The chil-' 


Kilgore-Swafford. 
dren are Robert L. Gay, Wadley: 
Dr. C. P. Gay, Geneva, Ala.; Mrs, B ! 
Gay, Ashland, Ala.; Mrs, FE. J. Calla 
way, Birmingham, Ala.; Mrs. R. V 
Roberts, Shawmut, <Ala.; Dr. A. J | 
Gay, Roanoke, Ala.; Mrs. J. J, Crow | 
der, Shawmut, Ala.: Mrs. A. A. Evans | 
Mangum, Okla.; Miss . Bernice Gay. 
Langdale, Ala.: Mrs. FE. G. Stone | 
Birmingham, Ala., and Miss Mary Lou! 
Gay, Wadley. 

Many useful and 
were received. 


Ask your dealer or write us and we will see that 
you are supplied. 


Edgar-Morgan Co., Memphis, Tenn. 
Jr., Mrs. John 
Walace Kenady 
Chastain. 

The invited guests included Misses 
Frances Nicholson, Elsie Cox, Eliza- 
beth Reed, Mary Mills, Myrtle Brown 
Cora Dennard, Eilleen Green, Sarah 
Cameron, Dorris Willliams, Bertha 
Knepps, Elwina Davis; Clarence Lan- 
ford, Avery Everett, Frank Reed, Rus- 
sell McCulloch, Cal Felder, Willie 
Lagomarsino, George Croft, Robert 
W. Bell, Richard Gossett, Guintor 
(Fossett, Ernest D. Hooks. Vernon 


as 
and 


Elder, Jr.. Mrs. 
Miss Lillian 
puny 


> 
t, 


beatuiful gifts | 


Hosts at Informal 
Party Last Evening. 


Loftis, Benson Chastain, Walter Ste- 
gall, Joe Felder and John Fincher. 


Major and Mrs. J. O. Seamans, en- | 
tertained his staff and a few friends | 
nt their home on Ph ran qin T CH era ' 


1 ae - 


wo. Ktude, Dohnanyi. 
6. Tarantella (Venezia e Napoli), 
Liszt. 


wife and Citizenship.” 

In line with the policy of the de- 
partment to co-operate with its cook- 
. . book “advertising family’ whenever 
Benefit Bridge at possible, the Howard theater will have | 
a very interesting part in the program. | 


Dunbar American Opera company in 
the west, sang several songs written 
by her sister, Miss Nan Stephens _no- 
tably, “When the Little Boy Ran 


The Athletie club will give one of 
the delichtfal dances Saturday night 
which follow all basketball games he- 
tween the club’s team and visiting 
organizations, these dances forming! Away,” and a trio of darky songs. 
ane of the happiest features of the! the words of which are the work of 
midwinter social life. ‘Krank L. Stanton, 

Dinner-dance On 16, at | Vfisc Marion fious provided delight- 


. - " he home of MXirs 
(‘yn ital City club. fo? diversion in four eomie sketches U Tada +9 ‘“ gh ; 
D © | ful diversi ' East Seventeenth street, I riday aft- 


in wusie, by Mortimer Wilson, depict- i . EPeT 
: ernoon, for the suditorium iund of 
Dinner-Dance on Tanuary 16 


0000 0000000000000500000O0OO5OOO 150000O0OOO0) 


Home of Mrs. Gibson. ‘amet 

There will be a benefit bridge at | A talk will be given by De Sales flar- 
J. W. Gibson, 81. Tison. its manager, on “Moving Pic- | 
: tures and the Home.” ‘Yo illustrate } 
| the co-operhtion between the two, Mr. ; 
| Herrison has given for use as prizes 
iin the popular “discovery contests’ 


66) 


ing Charte. Chanlin, Macy Pickford. e h b © u d ng 
i'Pheda Bara and Dougias Fairbanks, e 


— 


he Woman's eub. 


. 


At Canital City Club 


= , . : t . ‘ 


dinner: | 


ital City club announces a 
‘lance, when Weidemeyer’s famous sax- 
mophone serenaders, of 
D. C., will furnish the musie. 
The first 150 reservations will 
served in the  ballroony, 
ayescs in the salon. 
Dinner will be served at 8 p. m. 
| ee 
Afternoon Tez 
For Miss Dickey. 


Washington, | 


be 
additiona! } 


~ Auditorium 


‘ 
' 


The quartet of musicians, who have 


week-end, leave Sunday for Rollins col- 

lege and conservatory, Florida, where 
° . . : ax : 

they are all members of the faculty. 


Music to Be Plaved 


Bv Rachmaninoff. 

The recital Welnes’av night at the 
ot Sergei Ravhmaninoff. 
the famous éRussian pianist. will’ be 
not only one of the most important 
mnsieal events of the winter, but a 


Mrs. Pohert Scrickland entertain- | hrilliant social oecasion. marked bv 
em, at a deliehtful afternoon tea Fri- | the presence of hundreds of nrominent 
day at her home on Junirer street in Atlanta men and women and a num- 


eomrliment to Miss Clnire Dickey. 
of Griffin, whose marriace ta BPeank 


ber of visitors from all over the state. 
Praminent in the havet as enects 


Smith & Higgins 


COAT SALE 
SECOND FLOOR 


| Group | 


Group 2 


Children’s Coats in 


14... 


‘Group 3 


ot Women’s Coats 
18 to 44 


Csroup + 


Values to $100—Wo1- 


en’s fine Self or Fur-Col- 
lared’ Coats ai alan 


Come prepared te find coats that 


will prove a revelation in value— 
Come early for best choice. 


To Clear Odd 
Lots of Coats 


Prices Reduced Next to 
Nothing tor Quick Sale 


Al no time have we ever 
offered greater reductions on 
Coats of guaranteed quality 
and excellent workmanship. 


Values to $10—Odd lot of 


Children’s and Misses’ Coats, 
DE cco cwccee 


Values to $15—Odd lot of 


Values to $24.75—Odi Iot 


Re Ee ee ee Oe ee ee ee 


—— 


$1 
$2 
$5 
$34 


sizes 8 


in sizes 


/d 


| 


| 


' 


' 


Ladies are requested to bring ecards 
and pencils. Duinty prizes will 
given and tea will be served follow- 
ing the gamnie. 


bye | 


~o oe ene 


Visitors Are 


Honor Guests. 


Mr. and Mrs. Harold af 


qira Ny ¢ 


} 


two boxes of logue seats for any per- 
formance at the Howard which will be 
selected by the department. Members 
are asked to bring their Atlanta Wom- 


ian’s club cookbooks to the meeting 
| Wednesday, as a vote will be taken on 
| the most popular chapter and recipe in 
: | the cookbook. ‘The winners of the dis- 
| Dallas, ‘Texas, and Wickiiffe Gray, of | covery contest and_ the chapter and 
|New York, were honor guests at the! recipe will be included in the Howard | 


dinner given by Mr. and Mrs. W. W.! theater party. Those who have not yet 


Austell at Villa Kalmin. their home 
on Austell way. on Friday evening. 

The eentral devoretion on the table 
was a silver basket holding red roses, 
and four si'ver candlesticks held -red 
unshaded enadles. Monogrammed place 
cards marked the guests’ places. 

Mrs. Gray wes gowned in. black 
lace with sash of green tulle. 

Mrs. AAuste!l was gowned in black 
velvet. 

Covers were laid for Mr. and Mrs. 
Gray, Mr. and Mrs. Austell, Mr. and 
Mrs. Asa Candler, Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. 
Inman Gray, Mr. and Mrs. Frank 
Wilson. Dr. and Mrs. Guy Aver, Judge 
and Mrs. Ben Hill, Miss Luey 
Candler. Miss Louisa Cloud 
Wickliffe Gray. 

Mr. and Mrs. Grav returned vester- 
day to their home in Dalias. Wiek- 
lifte Gray will remain a week ‘longer 
with Mr. and Mrs. <Ausieii. 


Consul Corrigan 


Returning to France. 

John Corrigan, Jr... consul to 
Havre, France, who has been visit- 
ing his parents, Mr. and Mrs. John 
Corrigan, for a week in the course of 
2 six weeks’ leave from his post, 
‘leaves Monday at noon for Washing- 
ton to join his wife and young son. 
He will remain in Washington until 
the 19th, when he sails for Franee. 


Mr. and Mrs. Austell 


To Give Dinner. 

Mr. and Mrs. William W. Austeil 
will entertain at dinner Tuesday eve- 
ning, January 24, at their home on 
Austell way, their guests to include 
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Speer, Mr. and 
Mrs. S. W. Carson, Dr. 
Stephen Barnett. Mr. and Mrs. FE. 
Rivers, Mis. Albert Thornton and Dr. 
J. Sprole Lyons. 


wee ne 


| Junior League Girls 


Smith & Higgins 


+ Need 
at Sr 
- - ooh r + 
P Pe 
By : 

- 


OR AER ee wn i ee ene 


~e 


Sanh $ 
Prk ie oe eS 
pe 


EE en I 


: . pee “PRR NE cS See 
$3 Se hack SR Ages en TOE At ae 
Eee ee ee tS ee 


Walker Street or Lucile Avenue Cars 


——— re a 


_ wit 
$ 
OR m oh cs we. 
Pe raga ee SAO ee me Ee Py 
Gin Se. scale w 2 sees baal ; ; oY RO 3 
OS es Pee Se Ee ne weieiee Fo - ; 


Pe, 


In Girl Scout Class. 


Ten prominent young 
members of the Junior leagne, will 
begin on Monday their training course 
as Girl Scout leaders. They are Mrs. 
Edwin Peeples. chairman: Mrs. Per- 
rin Nicholson, Mrs. Albert Irvin, Mrs. 
Willis Ragan, Mrs. Stewart Brown, 
Mrs. John Holmes, Mrs. Robert Ba- 
ker, Miss Henrietta Tupper, Miss 
Henrietta Davis and Miss 
Harwell. 


—— ~~ ~~ 


Mrs. Peel to Be 


Honor Guest. 
Mrs. W. 1. 
regent of the Joseph Habersham chap- 
ter, will be guest of honor at the tea 
given by. Mrs. W. W. Austell, at 
her home on Austell way. at a date 
following the laying of the corner 
stone of the Joseph Habersham me- 

morial on Saturday, January 14, 

Mrs. Peel is a pioneer in D. A. R.’ 
work in the state, and is also prom- 
inent in the national organization. She 
has been vitally interested and work- 


memorial which will mark an impor- 
tant step in affairs undertaken by 
women. 


Dinner Parties 


At Cascade Terrace. 

Mrs. E. V. Camp entertained her 
bridge club Thursday with a luneh- 
eon at the “Terrace.” 

The table had in the center a bas- 
ket filled with pink carnations. En- 
‘circling the basket were candlesticks 
holding pink unshaded tapers. Coy- 
ers were p'aced for Mre. Char'tes An- 
derson Whittle, Mrs. Camran Forbes. 
Mrs. I. M. Hair, Mrs. J. F. Heard. 
Mrs. W. R. Leathers, Mre. A. L. 
Hirleman, Mrs. MacKirgon, Mrs. Sam 
Houston. 

Mr. and Mrs. J. i. Laughlin had 
as their guests Wednesday evening 
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Bowen, of Cui- 
cago. Mr. and Mrs. Bowen will spend 
the winter at Palm Beach. 


ang ! 


and Mrs. | 


Get Rid Of Fat 
WhereltShows 


women, 


ed faithfully for the building of the | 


secured their cookbooks may secure 
them before the meeting at the follow- 
ing stores: Wise Drug store, Davi- 
son's. Callender Drug Co., at Tenth 
street: Richard & Smith market, 
Rovers’ stores, Mrs. Grier’s tea room, 
at Tenth street; Milton-Bradley com- 
pany, Southern Book company, und 
at the clubhouge, either before or at 
the time of the meeting Wednesday. 
The first edition of the cookbook is 
going rapidly. making it necessary for 
copies to be obtained soon. 
of future editions may be raised, as it 


ig thouczht that the price of $2 is too 


+ amall. but as long as the pres°nt edi- 
| tion lasts it will be sold for $2. 
' All elub members are invited to the 
i mecung Weunesdey, and will be wel- 
'eome into this actave department, 


The price 


N\ 


Es 


9OOO9O 


| 


—_. 


*2O@O9OOO 


\ 


a 


ae, 


ee 
1644 


? 


~re ee ~ 


ret? 


The tea-party given by the execu- | 
tive board of the department Friday | 


' 


Atlanta Woman’s club. 


members of the board, other interest- 
ing talks were made by Superintendent 
Sutton, Mrs. Annie Wise, of Commer- 
cial High; Principal-Guy Moore, of 
Fulton High: Mrs. Alonzo Richardson, 
Mrs. B. Mi. Boykin, Mrs. Norman Pool, 
divisional chairman, and Mrs. New- 
ton Wing, chairman home economics. 

The unshaded pink candles, and the 
beautiful floral decorations given by 
Joy, the florist, one of the “advertis- 
‘ing fam ly.” made the partr one of 
the prettiest ever held at the club- 
house, 


Do you realize that nothing but good 
substantia! food and p.enty of it will Build 
muscular energy, 22d tit ycu nist eat 
and eat properly in order to regain yvur 


strength. 


Louise | 


Peel. ‘honorary life | 


; Dieting wcakens you and over-exercise 
| tires you, because the fortner retards the 
| development of muscular energy and ihe 
{ latter consumes too much of it. Thar is 
‘why you find the old-fashioned method of 
| fat reduction such a hardship. Why not 
| get rid of your excess fat in the hermless, 
, scientific, easy way by taking a harmiess 
' Marmola Prescription Tablet after each mes! 
t and at bedtime? Marmola Prescription Tab- 
lets are #repared in exact accordare with 
the famous Marmola Preseription, are per- 
tectly safe to use and have been nosed by 
huudreds of persons in this country and 
Europe with wonderful success, 


vation diet or tiresome exerc’==.. You car. 
be comfortable and you can ; ity, fe-od 
rou like and want. Even atte. agai off 
many pounds there will ve sw fila ess or 
wrinkles remalaing, and yon will feel 100 
per cent better. Good druggists the warld 
ovr © .. Marmola Preacription Tablets at 
one dolirr for 2 case, or tne slarmula Con: 
) ‘x fitZ " : aven Detrvit, 

hk. wiht Madiy them to juu on re- 
celpt ef price.—(ady.) 


afiernoon at the ciuvhouse in heypor | 
‘ef the teachers and chairmen of the | 

home econoinics Smith-Hughes classes | 
| was a delightful affair, and served to 
| evidence the close co-operation exist- | 
ing between the schvol system and the | 
In addition | 
to the teachers and children, and otber | 


With a short time you can be getting | 
rid of fat steadily and easily »s-ithout atar- . 


bil! i i i titi bt 


IN OUR 


Remodeling Sale 


A Dollar Invested Is Twice Saved 


25% to 50% Reductions 


On “‘America’s Best’’ Bedroom Furniture _ ; 


Our Sales floors are not in keeping with the high standards of Quality Furniture on dis- 
play, therefore we are sacrificing our present stock to make room for extensive remod- 
eling and interior decorations. Every suite in this big assortment is regular stock, 
selected with care and thought as to quality and design, and are good values at the 
regular price, which in this sale has been reduced one-fourth to one-half. 

. $119.00 


$200.00 3-Piece Ivory Vanity Suites . . . . . 

$275.00 3-Piece Walnut, Mahogany or Ivory Suites $195.00 

$300.00 3-Piece Walnut, Mahogany or Ivory Suites. . $225.00 

$375.00 3-Piece Mahogany Vanity Suite .... . . $269.00 

$450.00 3-Piece Ivory Vanity Suites . ....... . « $315.00 

$875.00 4-Piece Berkey and Gay Mahogany Vanity Suite $579.00 
Over one hundred other such values in three and four-piece Suites. 


You are no doubt familiar with the “ordinary Sale” prices. 
Come compare them with ours. 


Mather Bros. 


FURNITURE EXHIBITION BUILDING 


Corner Hunter and Forsyth Sts. | 
Wholesale and Retail. 


ie 


OO S0930O9) 


$90O56909590OO5060O909OSE) 


-— Aeeenee 


©9SO9S999S90SG 100999999) 


ete eee 


09 OOOO 9086 


7 


—— = ~~ ——- 


M. 3090 M. 3091 


i hi hi ha 


7 


$| 
0d00066 


—_——— 


th & 4 & 4 & A 
$6096. www * 


Fe ise 


$6996590006599) 


y AE EY Nee. ee enn RRR he eee ged) 


Peep ae 
gee 


pe 


Mae, 4 


_ 


Vain Leugac’ Annocnees 


Rainwater Boys 
Give Stag Party. 


Veazey, Brown and Crawford Rain- 
water entertained at a stag party yes- 
terday at their home, “Dogwood Ter- 
race,” in Druid Hills, in honor of 
Jobn Law and Hume McDonald, di- 
rectors of the Keep Fig club, and 
George Jackson, of Asheville, N. C., 
head of the Ashnoca Camp club, in 
Asheville, N. C., who is a prom- 
inent visitor in Atlanta. 

The guests included the boys who 
were in camp together at Ashnoca, 
and also those who compose the Keep 
‘Fit club. 

Boxing and athletic stunts were the 
features of the entertainment of the 
afternoon. Silk handkerchiefs were 
given to the honor guests, and were 
also presented as stunt prizes. 


Mrs. Ray, Hostess 


For Colorado Visitor. 


Mrs. Rupert Edmondson, of Den- 
* yer. Colo., was honor guest at a) 
bridge-tea Wednesday afternoon at 
which Mrs. Joe Ray entertained at 
ber home on Cleburne avenue. 

Christmas decorations were used 
in effective arrangement throughout 
- the reception apartments. Vases of 
red roses and poinsettias were placed 
on the mantels and tables. 

Dainty hand-made handkerchiefs 
were given for top score prize... A 
novelty powder puff as consolation 
and the honor guest, was presented 
‘» bud vase. 

The guests included Mrs. Edmond- 
son, Mrs. John Baldwin, Jr., Mrs. 
George Russey, Miss Shackleford. 
Sirs. Dawson Lunger, Mrs. Raymond 
Blanton, Miss Christine Oliver, Mrs. 
Hurry Jones, Mrs. Dan White, Mrs. 
Pixie Thornton, Miss Irene Colwell. 
Miss Helen Irving, Mrs. Edward 
Joiner. 


Mrs. White, Hostess 
‘At Luncheon. 


Mrs. Thomas L. White was hostess 
at an enjoyable luneheon Friday at 
her home on North avenue, 

The house was artistically decorat- 
‘ed with potted plants, ferns and vases 
of bright blossoms. In the dining 
room the daintily appointed luncheon 
table had as the central decoration 
a silver vase filled with nareissi and 
red carnations. The color motif of 
red and white was further earrieda out 
n the other table anpointments. 

Covers were placed for Miss Sallie 
Rell Smythe, of Athens, Ga.; Mrs, 
(‘eej]) R. Tanner Mrs. C. A. Pope, 
Mrs. Elma F. Cox, Mrs. David S&S. 
Wood, Mrs. J. W. Ham, Mrs. H. W. 
‘Mcvartv. Mrs. J. A. Acree, Mrs. R. 
If. George, Mrs. George Ryder, Mrs. 
Walter St. John 


‘Margaret Hedcht, Mrs, David Webb 


Program for the Seasons Ss 


The Atlanta center of the Drama 
Leagtie of America will resume its 
regular semi-monthly meetings next 
Tuesday, when the first meeting of the 
season will be held at Egleston hall 
at 3:15 o'clock. 

The program for this meeting will 
be of unusual interest, and bas been 


planned so as to make a meeting of! 
light quality and real charm. 

Robert Moore, treasurer of the 
league, will read briefly from Jerome 
K. Jerome’s funny little skits on stage 
characters in “Stageland” and, follow- 
ing this, two litle plays of Harold 
Chapin will be read. 

The first of these, “It’s the Poor as 
'Elps the Poor,” is a grimly satiric 
little section of cockney life in Lon- 
don, showing the warm-beartedness of 
a lot of poor neighbors toward a little 
mother, whose baby has been allowéd 


new program has just been issued, and 

promises a season of unusual profit 

and delightfulness. 
To Present Japanese Program. 

On Friday, January 20, the Drama 
league will present, at Egleston hall, 
a very unique and beautiful entertain- 
ment by Mr. and Mrs. Michitaro 
Onwaga. 

These are two native Japanese ar- 
tists whose work is said to be among 
the most artistic things now being done 
on the concert platform. They bring 
with them a quantity of native prop- 
erties, costumes and settings, and pre- 
sent a varied program of songs, 
dances and plays. 

The league presents this as its first 
artist offering for the season, and the 
jecture of Dhan Gopal] Mukerji, orig- 
inally announced for January, has 
been necessarily postponed until 


to die of hunger. It is an excellent 
piece of play-writing, and alternates: 
with things that wring the heart and) 
touches of increditable humor. ~ This 
play will be read by Mrs. John T. 
North, whose acting of the grand- 
mother, in the recent production of 
“Everybody's Husband,” will be. re- 
membered as one of the best things 
ever done before the league. 

The Second Play. 

The other little play of Mr. Chapin’s 
will be done as a reading rehearsal, and 
parts will be read by Mrs. Ulric At- 
kinson, Mrs. Thornton Marye and 
Charles Loridans. This is “Innocent 
and Annabel,” and is deliciously sa- 
tiric and bubbling funny; its theme is 
not unlike that of Belasco’s “Concert,” | 
and shows Annabel’s attempt to pur-| 
sue and capture an imagined affiniity} 
in the person of a popular and seduc- 
tive singer. 

The Drama league is maintained 
with the purpose of stimulating popu- 
lar interest in better drama and bet- 
ter Jiterature, and membership ‘is open 


March. 

Other events planned 
lows: 

February 7—Clemence Dane. Dis- 
cussion of the psychology of her novy- 
els. Reading of “A Bill of Divorce- 
ment,” by Miss Elise Weil. : 

February 21—Patriotic program. 
Reading of Mary Raymond Shipmond 
Andrews’ “The Colors,” by Mrs, Fred 
White. 

March 
Mukerji. 

March 21—Reading of “The Wan- 

dering Jew,” by Mrs. Merrill Hutche- 
son. 
Meetings of the league are held in 
Egletson hall and begin at 3:15 
o’elock. The dues are $2 per year. 
The lecture by Mr. Mukerji and the 
Japanese program of the Ongawas are 
extra. Membership iseopen to the 
»ublic. 

The officers are Mrs. Emma Garrett 
Boyd, president; Robert Moore, treas- 
urer; Cyril Smith, secretary; Mrs. 
John Morris, Jr., chairman program. 


are as fol- 


7—Lecture by Dhan Gopal 


It was one of English batiste with in- 
sets of Irish crochet lace and dainty 
sprays of forget-me-nots arranged ar- 
tisticaly. The sleéves and neck of 
the garment were finished with quan- 
tities of white baby ribbon. 

Mrs. W. D. Williamson contributed 
a cake to be auctioned for this fund. 
It was elaborately. decorated. Another 
attractive prizé was a lovely lace hand- 
kerchief, 

The cakes used as. individual prizes 
were purchased from Mrs. Foster, of 
West End. 

Mrs. Baggs’ guests were Miss Lu- 
cile Collins, of Camilla, Ga.; Miss 


and Mrs. William Fish. 
Mrs. Alice Taylor is chairman of 
the auditorium fund for the child wel- 
fare division. and in her usual gra- 
cious way assisted in the details of 
this party. 

At the meeting of the child welfare 


Benetit Bridge to | 
Be Given Friday. : 


A benefit bridge party will be given | 
by Mrs. Charles S. Robinson at her | 
home, 597 Ponce de*Leon avenue, Fri- 
day afternoon, January 13, for the 
benefit of the Harbersham ball build- 
‘ang, which is being erected by the 
Joseph Habersham chapter, D. A. R., 
the game to begin at 2:50 o'clock. 
Tea will be served at 4:30, and the 
friends of the hostess and chapter who 
do not care to play will be served tea 
at that hon, © 
Another game will be played the 
eame evening at S o'clock. 
Reservaiion# may be, made by ecall-| 
- jng- Mrs. Charlies $. Rebinson or Mrs. 
Warren White ncn da, : 
Mrs. Robinson will be assisted by 
Mrs. Warren. White. and. Mrs. John 
Pugh. | 3 


inner Party. 


M iss Jackson Gives 
'D 


An enjoyable event of the past | 
week was the dinner ad party given 
Monday evening by Miss Lois Jackson 
at. her home on Sunset avenue. The 
table was prettily decorated and the 
dining room was lighted by soft glow- 
ing candles. Games and dancing were 
enjoyed throughout the evening, and 
several piano selections, rendered by 
T. Roy Liddell,) also added to the 
delight of the occasion. 


The invited guests were Misses 


| given by Miss Nellie Wheeler, at the 


' tions of red and silver, festooned from 
' the eorners of each room to the chan- 


| deliers. 


' cissi and were used on the tables and 
| i .antels. 


‘ing were Mrs. Homer Johnson, of Roc 


division a detailed amount of the 
Christmas trees given to “special 
classes’”’ was enjoyed. The next work 
being taken up will be sewing. An 
appeal is made for any persons having 
sewing: machines, that are willing to 
loan or give for this worthy work, will 
kindly communicate with Mrs. Sim- 
mons, Atlanta Woman’s club, Hem- 
lockk 225. Please take notice of this 
plea. 


eee 


Miss Wheeler Gives 
Watch Party. 


A most enjoyable occasion of the 
holiday season was the watch party 


| The first dance of the 


a delicious salad course was served 
and a delightful social hour was spent. 
The ladies were ali very grateful to 
Mrs. RK. A. Cook and her different 
committees for making the party such 
a success. 


Meeting aie 


Goucher Alumnae. 

The Atinanta Goucher College club 
met Wednesday afternoon at the home 
of Mrs. R. N. Clash, in St. Charles 
avenue. An enthusiastic business 
session was held and plans made for 
several affairs to be given in the near 
future, after which a delicious salad 
course was served. 

The club is very busy this year 
working to raise its quota of the 
Greater Goucher fund, a sum of $6,- 
000,000, to move the college from its 
present site in Baltimore, to the new 
campus six miles away. Present were 
Misses Campbell, Gregg, Maner,:Mar- 
tin and Parmentis, and Mrs. Fairey, 


to the public on payi@ent of $2; no} 2! 
election membership is necessary. The} \;-. 


} terday at here 
tree street, the 
Miss Louise Bates, a bride-elect of 
this week. 

The round table was lace covered, 
and adorning the center was a silver 
basket holding piwk and white hya- 
cinths, while encircting this were six 
silver candlesticks holding unshaded 
pink tapers. The 
handpainted in Kewpie brides, and 
the mints, bon bons and ices carried 
out the 

Miss 


panne 


Mrs. Hanson Jones, Mrs. Clyde Ward 
and Mrs. Clark. 


Adelphian Club 
To Give Dance 


New Year 
given by the Adelphian club will take 
place at Roseland. corner Peachtree 
and Cain streets, Thursday evening, 
from 9 until 12 o’clock, and all mem- 
bers and friends are cordially invited. 


Mrs. Cox, president of the club. has 
just returned from a pleasant trip to 
Virginia, and will preside over the 
meeting. Music by Jax orchestra. 


home of her parents, on Park ayenue. 
(Juantities of holly and mistletoe 
were used wittr:the- overhead decora- 


Large red baskets 
handles tied with big bows. of red 
tulle were filled with fearns and nar- 


Assisting Miss Wheeler in entertain- 


Hill, S. C., and Mr. and Mrs. W. T. 
Wheeler. 

Those invited ‘were Misses Goldie 
Hardy, Gladys Harwell, Helen Paris, 
of Gainesville, Ga.; Bessie Andrew, 
Edna Thompson, Musa Hardy, Ethele 
Born. Mildred LaHatte, Pauline Wil- 
liamson, Dorothy Lawshe and Grace 
Smedley; “Sam” P. Jones, Louia L. 
Vaughn, Ed Green, Virgil Chew, Bill 


Burlie Mosses, Billie Goins, Vera 
Summers, Towise . Vinton, 
Mosses, Ruby Henson, Lula Hanson, 
Lois Kinney, Vivian Schultz, Ruth 
Ketner, Ray Fowler, Mrs. Ora Spen-/! 
eer, H. B, Vaughn, H. M. Buran, 
Fred Hicks,, Sym Rice, R. T. Jack- 
son, FE. J. Jackson; Dillard Owens, 
Dwight Carroll, T. Roy Liddell, Wal- 
ton Reeves, Mr. Henson and Frank 
Allgood. 


—--— 


Bridge Party at 
Woman's Club: 


A suecessful card party was given 
at the Woman's club on ‘Thursday 
afternoon by Mrs. C. C. Baggs through 
the «child welfare division, Mrs. E. H. 
Goodhart, chairmun. 
| It was a most enjoyable occasion 
and «the prizes were individual cakes 
for each table. Qne of the most ex- 
quisite little baby robes, the handi- 


Olivia | 


Dozier, Flemming Ragsdale, Wilmer 
Heery. Roy McCrory, Guy Melchor, 
Jr.. ‘Verna Shadburn, Iliff Martin, 
Johnnie Freeman, Guy Lynes, Jack 
Doolittle. Richard Babb, Mr. Smith, 
Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Goolsby, Mr. and 
Mr. W. G. Wheeler and Mr. and 
Mrs. T. L. Wheeler. 


Party at Inman 
Park Baptist Church. 


One of the’ prettiest parties during 
the holiday season.was the one given 
December 19 by the ladies of the W. 
M. U., of the Inman Park Baptist 
church, for the ladies of the church. 
The church was beautifully decorated 
with holiday suggestions and the .ong 
beautifully decorated table was made 
to represent a cross. The centerpiece 
being a large fancy Christmas tree. 
The president was presented with a 
handsome little-gift from the past pres- 
ident, Mrs. Fred Cappers. Thanks 


work of Mrs. Baggs was anctiaoned. 


was offered by Mrs. Frank Bird and 


eve 


T weedies 
Boot Tops 


All Colors 


$7 89 


More than 
choose from. 
than size 4 1-2. 


A “Feast” for 
Small Feet 


ten styles to 
None larger 


ignet 


MONDAY 
Black Kid 


$ 89 | Worth 
- ae , Twice This 


ghoeshop 


| Mothers of Legion. 


with 1 


Admittanee by card only. 
Meeting of War 


The January meeting of the War 
Mothers’ Service Star Legion: will be 
held on next. Tuesday, January 10, at 
3 p. m., in Edison hall, 182 Peach- 
tree street. 

Dr. J. W. Young, of Emory univer- 
sity, who returned a short time ago 
from a visit of several months in 
South -America,. will deliver a most 
interesting and delightful address on 
Brazil. 

Any mothers, grandmothers, wives, 
sisters and aunts in Atlanta or Fulton 
county who lost relatives in the world 
war and have not received a souvenir 
from the wreath that was placed at 
Pershing point by Marshal Foch, will 
be given one if present at this meet- 
ing. 

All members and others interested | 
are invited to come and hear Dr.’ 
Young’: splendid talk. 


Birthday Party For 
Miss Clark. 


An interesting event of the Christ- 
mas season, was the birthday party 
given by Mr. and Mrs. J. P.. Clark, 
at their home on Hill street. in honor 
of their daughter, Miss Louise Clark, 
on Wednesday evening. 

The house was artistically decorated 
with holly, mistletoe and Christmas 
bells. Vases of narcissi, roses and car- 
nations added much to the elaborately 
decorated rooms, : 

After many games were enjoyed, the 
guests assembled in the spacious din- 
ing room. The large birthday cake 
which was placed in the center of the 
table. was adorned with fifteen lighted 
candles. Pretty vases of- roses and 
—_ were arranged at each end of the 
table, 

Miss Clark received her guests wear- 


ing a tricotine dress beautifully em- 
broidered in blue. Mr. and Mrs. Clark 
were assisted in entertaining by Mrs. 
Veal and Mrs. J. B. Morgan. 


We Offer 
500 Pairs 


The guests included the following: 

Misses Evia Mae Battle, Helen Mashburn. 
Tenise Gardner, Marjorie Morgan, Ruth 
Will, Nanelle Rattle, Marguerite Meiere, 
Fieie Terrv. Marie Gardner, Marie Turner, 
Josenhine Winningham, Rose Sheridan, Hel- 
en Traber, Frances Pritchett, Louise Sonth, 
Marice Potta, Luctle Gooner, Ruth Shields, 


;} burn, Thelma 
| Meesrs. Bertard Sonth, J. P. 
Mills, 


Elizabeth Cooper. Helen Battle, Lorraine 0z- 
Marbut, Mary Lynn Butler, 
lark, Homer 
FPugene Clark. Den Hopkins, Willie 
Karet. Huch Clark, John Traber, W. J. Stell, 
Toe Bovd, Joe Candle, John Stanley, Engene 
Lee, Albert Will, Lamar Marbut, William 
} Calloway, Charles Ozburn, Hoke Almand and 
David Wilson. 


Price 


Argentine Club 


Gives Dance. 
The first Argentine dance of the 
new year had over a hundred guests 


present, who with the members, en- 
joyed a very delightful evening. 


Friday night, January 13, at the club- 
rooms, rites will begin promptly at 
7 o'clock, with E. H. Elrod in charge 
as grand master of ceremonics. 


North Atlanta 
District Meeting. 


A quarterly meeting of the Woman's 
Missionary societies of the North At- 
lanta district will be held at .First 
Methodist church on Thursday, Jan- 
uary 12. ning session at 10 
o'clock, cordial invitation is extend- 
ed to all to attend. Bring a box 
lunch. 


Dancing Party 


For Younger Set. 

A very delightful event of the past 
week was a dance given by Walter 
Adams and Thomas A. Jackson at the 
residence of Mr. Jackson, in Capitol 
avenue. 

The home ‘was artistically decorated 
with the holiday colors. 

Among those present were: | 


Initiation of new members on next | 


Inez. Turner. 
BT Bee Te + ee Cee 


ff 


7 n a Sa i> S>* x’ 
Bebe als es KAT at ee eet: fae ee 
is PEEL ey ie ree 
rad =] ; 


iets" * 


Jackson, Mr. \ 
and Mrs. A. H. Adams. 


velvét, 
French flowers at the waist. 
was a sylish model in black. 
Wesley wore 
satin, introducing bead design. 

Covers were placed for Miss Bates. 
Miss Wesley, Mrs. Lindgren, of North 
Carolina, Mrs. Methvin. of Montgom- 
ery, Ajla.. Mrs. Z. 
Arthur Burdell, Miss Florella 
row, Miss Bell Woodfin, Miss Co 
St. John, Miss Reba Jernigan. Miss 
Elizabeth Thomas, 
Thrasher, Miss Myrleen Merck. Miss 
Coyle Goodrich, Miss Hazel Fulghum. 
and Miss Nell Warren. 


' Miss 


Gardin, 


and Mre. G. E. Rankin, 


Luncheon for 


Miss Bates. 

Miss Rusha Wesley entertained at 
a beautifully appointed luncheon yes- 
me on West Peach- 
honoring 


vccasion 


ink and white color motif. 


ates was gowned in black 
cluster of 


Her hat. 


with a 


taupe colored 


V. Peterson, Mrs. 


Miss Lillian 


Dancing Party 
For School Set. 


Catharine 
Miss Maude Buchanan entertained at 
a dancing party during the holidays 
at the home of Miss Buchanan. 

The home was artistically decorat- 
ed with Yuletide decorations. 

Those invited were Misses Frances 
Colley, Nell Fowler, Sara Cheshire, 
Dorothy Tumlin, Reese Tumlin, Helen 
Wood. Helen Swan, May Rybert..Mil- 
dred Burpitt,. Vivian Turner, Marga- 
ret Neal, Louise Stokes, Mary Munn, 
Turpin Crout, Panhue Sehnan, Cath- 
arine Whittenberg and Maude Buch- 
anan: J, 
Whittenberg, F, A. Buchanan, R. W. 
R. S. Kendrick, Ed Lovell, 
Kenton Higgins and others. 


Whittenberg and 


W. Whittenberg. 


Mr. 
Mrs. Eunice Gouge. 


pdace cards were 


“eat 
rinne 


Robert 


PR ae a eee 


Pst 


=: Social 


~ ~ 


Items 


Dr. and Mrs. Homer Davie have 
taken ssession of their new home 
on Oxford road in Druid Hills. 


Mr. and Mrs. Louis Brown and 
children, Frances, Ethel and Sam- 
vel, will leave Atlanta today for 
their future home in Brooklyn, N. 
Y. They have resided in Atlanta for 
the past fifteen years. 

a 


Miss Marie Carlton is in Green- 
ville, S. C.. where she is visiting rel- 


atives. 
ees. 


Captain Charles Finley Dunn, of 
the Georgia Military academy, Col- 
lege Park, is spending the holidays 
in Florida. co eg 


Mrs. John C. Doughty and baby 
son, John C. Doughty. Jr., of New 
York city, arrived Saturday to visit 
her parents, Mr, and Mrs, Frank C. 
Gilreath, at 522 Spring street. 


Mrs. Clarence W. Harrison is still 
at St. Joseph's infirmary, where she 
has been critically ill for the past 
five months, and continues to con- 
valesce slowly following @ very 
serious operation. 


. Mrs. C. B. Neill-entertained the 
members of her bridge club Thurs- 
day afternoon in her apartment on 
Rankin street. 


Hugeley Williamson will leave 
Monday for Asheville, N. C., to re- 
sume his studies at Saint Genevieve 
of the Pines, after spending the 


Christmas holidays with his parents, 
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Williamson, in 
Boulevard Park. lis 


Joseph Cariton left yesterday for 
Belmont college in North Carolina, 
where he will resume his studies. 


Miss Martha Asbury left today 
for a week or ten days’ visit to 
Athens to visit her sister, Mrs. Sam- 
uel Bailey. 

*¢2 

The friends of Billy Courtenay, 
the son. of Mr. and Mrs. Hal Cour- 
tenay, Jr., will be grieved to know 
that he is desperately il] with 
diphtheria. 


see 
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin F. Parker 
have returned to Atlanta after 
spending the holidays in Ohio as the 
guests of relatives. 


Mr: and Mrs. Robert Nevil Reed 
and Robert, Jr., are at home, 345 
Ponce de Leon avenue, after spend- 
ing the holidays with relatives in 
Kentucky. re 


Mrs. Joseph Crankshaw,. Miss 
Filizabeth Crankshaw, Weir Crank- 
shaw, with Mr. and Mrs. Joseph 


Crankshaw, Jr., “have returned to 


\ 


their home on West Peachtree aft- 
er spending the Christmas holidays 
motoring on the east coast of Flori- 
da. They also visited Mr. and Mrs. 
George Holliday at their beautiful 
home on the Indian river, 


D. Oliver and O. E. Daniel; of At- 
lanta, are guests at Hotel Seminole, 
while spending some time in Jack- 
sonville, Flas 

se¢ 

Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Montgomery 
have been entertaining a house par- 
ty during the holidays, the guests 
including Mrs. Ludie Hall, Mrs. Su- 
sie Montgomery and Mrs. J. F 
Johnson, of Mississippi. Mrs. Ludie 
Hall will spend the remainder of 
the winter as the guest of Mr. and 
Mrs. Montgomery. 

ses 


Mr. and Mrs, John C. Henderson 
and Mr. and Mrs. Willard Jamieson, 
of New York, have returned from 
Athens, where they spent the New 
Year with Mr. and Mrs. Talmadge. 
Miss Isa Beall Talmadge accompa- 
nied them home. 

see 

Caldwell Holliday has returned 
after spending the Christmas holl- 
day with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. 
George Holliday, at their beautiful 
winter home on the Indian river, 
near Fort Pierce, Fila. 


Mrs. Mabelle Shropshire Wal! has 
returned from New York, where she 
spent the holidays studying under 
the famous pianist, Finton. During 
her stay in New York Mrs. Wall 
was associated with a number of 
notable musicians. | 


Miss Virginia White, of Flovilla, 
Ga., is the attractive guest of her 
aunt, Mrs. Thomas R. Harmon, on 
Ponce de Leon avenue. 


Miss Allie Young, of Washington, 
D. C., is visiting Mrs. W. E. Rich- 
ardson and.Mre. M. J. Gillespie at 
their home on Adair avenue. 

“ 


Mrs. F. P. Torbett, of Savannah, 
who has been the guest of her son, 
Sam Torbett, is visiting Mrs. C. B. 
Beardsley at her home on West 
Peachtree. 


Capital City Chapter, 
O. E. S., Officers. 


Monday evening, January 9, 7:30 
o'clock, at a reguiar meeting of Capi- 
tal C'+y Chapter No. 111 O. E. 8., 
the following officers will be installed 
for the ensuing year: 

Worthy matron, Mrs. Lillie Hood; 
worthy patron. Victor Fresh; associa- 
ate matron, Mrs. Charlotte Clyburn; 
secretary, Mrs. Lecy Benson;, treas- 


Photo by Thurston Hatcher. 


Miss Grace Brasselton, of Bragselton, 
Ga., whose marriage to Robert 
Word Cook, of Fairburn, Ga., will 
be an event of the early spring. 


urer, Mrs. Edwina Suford; conduc- 
toress, Mrs. Daisy Dunbar; associate 
conductoress, Mrs. Evylin Griffin; 
Ada, Mrs. Laura Randal; Ruth, Miss 
Katherine Coley; Esther, Mrs. Alice 
Jordan; Martha. Mrs. Lillie Jones; 
Electa. Mrs. Resabel Belle: warder, 
Mrs. Mary E. Coley: sentinel, C. E. 
Williams. 

All members of 
vited. 


the cbhapter in- 


Election of Officers 
Gf 0. E: S. 


The following officers of Panthers- 
ville chapter, No. 180, O. E. S., was 
installed Monday evening, January 2: 
Mrs. Tillie Cleveland, worthy matron; 
Mrs. Annie White, associate matron; 
Mrs. Hortense Moore, secretary; Mrs. 
Susie Gladden, treasurer; Miss Glad- 


associate conductor 
White, chaplain ; 


| 


marshal ; iss Katie Rickett, a 
ist; Miss Frances Fry, Esther; Mrs. 
Kate Rickett, electa ; Miss Mattie — 


as chaplain. 
the retiring worthy matron, was pre- 
sented with a beautiful past matron’s 
+ hg The retiring worthy patron. 
r. Anderson, was_ presented 
a Masonic button. Miss Fannie Mae 
White, the retiring secretary, | 
resented with a_ beautiful 
r pin. Mrs. Jessie B. Owen, the ~ 
installing oficer, was presented with x 
handsome bouquet of roses. The othér 
officers will be installed later, as they 
were unable to be present this time. - 


“Tacky Dance” at. 


Fort McPherson. 

A “tacky” dance given by the 
officers of Fort McPherson Friday 
evening affording enjoyment for about 
100 officers and their families sta- 


| tioned in Atlanta and vicinity, and a 


considerable number of their friends. 
from the city. ge: 
The dance was a decided success, 
and the unique costumes of the dan- 
cers lent a spirit of holday cheer to 
the affair. This feature was an inne-- 
vation at the post, and proved the 
ey of this class of dances, . 
xcellent music was furnished by 
the East Lake orchestra. 
Lieufenant Colonel and Mrs. Ed- 
ward H. De Amund, Lieutenant Colo-: 
nel and Mrs. James Regan and Mrs.” 
Edward (3. McCleave received. 


“Sally” Waltz, Dancing 
Triumph, at Garber Hall 


Authentic dances for 1922, adopted 
by the American National association 
and the International Association of 
Dancing Masters in its last New York 
convention, will be introduced to At-. 
lanta society by Prof. and Mrs. Ed- 
ward S. Hurst at Garber hall, 522 
Peachtree street, beginning Monday, 
January 9. and on each Monday, 
Wednesday and Saturday afterward. 
These creations include the “Culture 
Walk,” arranged by Arthur Kretlow 
to succeed his earlier dance, the “Con- 
versation Walk,” which he has witb- 
drawn. The inspiring waltz fron 
“Sally,” the Ziegteld musical sensa- 
tion, will be among cthers given. 
New classes are being formed. A 
pointment by telephone, Ivy 8768 
and Hemlock 9126.—(adv.) 


) 


500 Beautiful New Coats at 
Lowest Prices of the Season 


—Many women have delayed buying their winter coats. Now, when good coats are in demand, 
comes a Sale like this. The prices are the best we have offered this season. All because a manu- 
facturer wanted to clear his racks for.Spring merchandise, and was willing to close these coats out 


to us at a loss. 


—Bloused, flared, belted and other coats that are the prime favorites this season. . Of the winter’s 


Just in for Tomorrow’s Selling 


most-sought-after coating materials and tailored. with precision. 


—The next-three months stretch before us cold and bleak. Winter weather will be a certainty. 


Coats like these a necessity. 


—The savings are unexcelled. Some of the coats are marked at half their worth, others less than half. 
At 9 Monday morning you may be sure of a complete assortment. After that we cannot say. 


25 and. Better. Coats, $18.95 . 


Lovely flare and belted styles of good grade 
Huge crushed collars of self materials or fur col- 
Lined with excellent 
Coats .in this sale are worth 


—100 new plush coats. 
silky plush. 


lars of coney, dyed opossum and other furs. 
qualtiy of printed silks. 


Black .onlv. 


$25 to $45 to sell at $18.95 and $23.95. 


$29.75 to $35 Coats, $16.95 


4 
—Of velours, bolivia, silvertip, broadcloth and other coatings. Lovely 
bloused styles, wrappy, flare and varied belt effects. With or without 
Printed silk linings. 
These are coats that have been 


fur trimmings. 


model with pockets. 


Convertible collars. 
navy, taupe, Malay, sorrento, etc. 
‘selling all along for $29.75 to $35. 


$29.75 Sports Coats, $19.95 


—Good quality camel hair cloth and heavy velours went into the 
making of these smart sports coats. 


Convertible collars. 


an acquisition to any woman’s wardrobe. 


In_those sought-after belted 
. Half lined with heavy 
quality satin. Tan and brown. A coat like one of these is certainly 


Brown. 


fur choker collar. 


$35 and $40 Coats, $18.95 


—Belted, bloused and wrappy models that are made from the most 
wanted winter fabrics—velours,- bolivia, silvertip, broadcloth, etc. 
Some have self collars that are convertible, others fur collars. 
ished with fancy silk stitching and silk embroidery. 
ings. You'll find an excellent variety of good colors. 


Beautiful $35 Capes, $19.95 


—These capes are of unusually good quality Marvella. All of them 
are in full styles, are shirred over the shoulders and finished with 
The callars are of beaverette, and are very effec- 
tive. The linings are very pretty of painted silk. These capes are in 
Sorrento and browns. 


$39.75 to $49.75 Coats, $23.95 


—160 coats of velours, marvella, bolivia, Normandy and other fine 
winter materials. Some are flared models, others belted, wrappy and 
bloused. Fur collars and cuffs of beaverette, dyed opossum, seal and 
nutria, or convertible collars of self materials. 
navy, reindeer, black and other becoming colors. 


Fin- 
Printed silk lin- 


Silk. lined. Brown, 


M. RICH & BROS. 


, ’ | ; ee - 3 sii ate , A Re Si : Pee a nk , . CO , te A. | : AY 
ee SMU Vu LULU UU VV WW A AAI TTT WITT TT TT TTT AAT AAA MA TT TT THVT ar ery Tr, cry YTV rir wr YY wr yer 


—- - a 


— np 


Rich’s inde | Sale a 1,000 Housedresses 


Worth $4 $ ‘1 g 8 Most of Them 


and $5 Clara Janes 


—Tomorrow is the day! ‘You who have’ beni looking forward to the January Sale of Housedresses wall be de- 
lighted! Never were the dresses better: made or in prettier styles and never at such a low price as $1.98! 


—A manufacturer wished to clear-his stocks of.all late summer and early autumn housedresses to make room for 
new spring models. He offered-us 1,000 for our Januar\y Sale to sell at $1.98. 1,000 of his very best and pret- 
tiest dresses that regularly sell for $4 and $5. It was too good for us to pass up, and itis too good for you to 
miss tomorrow! eee sizes, 16 to 46:° Extra sizes, 4 8, 50 and 52. 


i nd ay “t 
ie o~ 
ta: BPRS, 


mtb 
4 
Te Me OS So) wy a 
“am SEE Cee 


Reagee : | 
The alatesials are ; Mhioskéaé or better ginghams i in stfles for youth, ul and more mature figures. 
Round and square necks, or fronts laced up with black silk lacers. Checks, plaids and solid 
colors in pink, blue, green and brown. Front, back and side openings. Long and three-quar- 
ter sleeves. Sashed or belted. Trimmed with ric-rac braid, tiers or solid colors. 


: omy’ . 
as “§¢ me 94 Sz : " : 
ee Bk AE RD WE FS 
~ -- ~ £ 
- - and . . - 


£28: BE/IBS 


- wn ee 


a A : 
as gs th & 7 
. 2 , 


, ‘ 


—Many of them have the Clara Jane label stitched in. A better looking dress cannot be had for morning wear 
in the house or calling in the near neighborhood. The materials are excellent—they will outwash and outwear all 
expectations! The colorings and patterns are lovely! ‘ The price is the lowest we have quoted in years! The un- 
paralleled opportunity is yours tomorrow! 


«dha. ~ Second Floor. 


Clearance of 
$1 Imported 
Stationery, 49c 


—Very distinctive and un- 


Supertor Quality, Special 
Prices in the January 


Silk Sale 


—The. January Silk Sale is interesting from the 
standpoint of variety, desirability and values. The 
grades are fully up to our usual high standards and dur- 
ing the month of January the prices are distinctly low. 


—Silk prices are daily jumping higher. When the 
spring season opens in earnest we will not be able to buy 
such silks as these to offer at anywhere near the price. 
One reason for buying now! 

—It’s impossible to tell you of all the remarkable 
collection of silks. These specials are indications of what 
you may expect. 


Ordinarily Much Higher Priced 
Sequin Tunics, $19.50 


-—Exquisite is a poor word for these tunics. Of beads = ycyaj stationery. In blue, 
and sequins in white, jade, all black, black and sphinx, gray, heliotrope and buff. 
black and jade, black and royal, black and gold. All envelopes are - tissue 
—For the many mid-winter festivities one is sure tO Jined in bright contrasting 
need a lovely tunic.’ How much more pleasurable a dance colors. Boxes contain 25 
will be with the knowledge that the lovely gown you wear sheets of paper and 25 en- 


represents real savings. velopes. Our own impor- 
tation. 


Tomorrow Begins the January 


Sale of Luggage 


—Every suit case, trunk and travel bag in our stock is reduced in the 
January Sale. Every piece is up to our own high standard of quality 

' —carefully selected because of its sound materials, sturdy workman- 
ship and convenience. Prices have struck rock bottom. You should 
buy luggage now that you will need for next summer’s vacation trips 
cr for going away to school in the comming Autumn, while these 
bountiful. savings are available! 


$70 Hartmann Wardrobe Trunks, $49.95 


—An unusual offering! Constructed of three-ply veneer body. 
Long edges are rounded and reinforced. Black fibre-covered and 
bound. Cushion top. Drawer-locking bar that locks all drawers with 
one key. Washable combination dust cover and laundry bag. Re- 


—Main Floor 


Great Sale of Gorgeous 
Lace Flouncings, $6.95 Yd. 


—36 to 40-inch flouncings of purest white silk net em- 
broidered in crystal: beads in white and dainty colors. Or 
net foundations in black, French blue, taupe, brown, jade 
and navy. Embroidered in twisted gold threads, chenille, 
copper and beads in brilliant colorings. 

—Fashionable laces in entrancing designs. Worth from 


News of the 
Sale of Lion’s 
Shorts Page 7. 


partments. 


movable shoe box partition in top drawer. 


Other Trunks in the Sale 


Tie tapes and hat com- 


$12.50 to $25 a yard, and because an importer wanted to 


be rid of them, we can sell them to you at $6.95. 
—Main. Floor 


Odds and Ends 
of Mussed 
Embroidery, 10c 


$1.50 Silks, 69c 


—32-inch silk peau de cfepe, in small floral designs for 
dresses, linings and kimonos. 
—36-inch striped Jap silk. 


—Dress or tray trunks, size 32 to 40, 
$11.75 to $42.95. 

—Self-lifting tray trunks, $15.75 to 
$33.50. 

to —Cedar tray 
$33.45. 
—Steamer 
$33.95. 


: —Edges, insertions and 
beadings that have sold for 

{5c to 50c yard. 
|  —Odds and ends of regu- 
lar stock embroidery, that 
has been left from day to 
day by busy selling. 
—Main Floor Sil 


Semi-Made 

Baby Dresses 
Special, 95c 

—Just a few stitches here 
and there and one of these 
-baby dresses is finished. 
Prettily hand embroidered 
in dainty designs. Sizes 
2 to 5. Special at 95c. You 
will find them in the trim- 
ming department. 


—Main~ Floor 


—IiIn this Sale are also Mendel- 
Drucker, Neverbreak, Bestbuilt, Su- 
pertor, Whittle Cedar-lined, Belber 
and other good makes. 
—Wardrobe _ trunks, 
$149.95. 
—Steamer 
$71.95. 


“To $2.50 Silks, $1 


—36-inch white and flesh pongee tub silk. 36-inch 
changeable taffeta. 36-inch crepe de Chine. 36-inch 
foulard. Pink and white wash satin. 36-inch fancy 
taffeta. 36-inch crepe Eponge. 36-inch stlk moire. 
36-inch broadcloth silk. 36-inch plaid taffeta. Glove 
k in white, flesh and other colors. 


To $3 Silks, $1.19 


—36-inch satins in all colors. 36-inch stripe silk shirt- 
ings. 36-inch fancy kimono silks. 36-inch foulard. 
36-inch chiffon taffeta. 40-inch heavy Georgette. 40- 
inch crepe chiffon. 36-inch satin messaline. 36-inch 
lining silk. 36-inch broadcloth silk shirtings. 


To $2.50 Silks, $1.39 


checked taffeta. 36-inch colored taffeta, 
40-inch crepe de Chine. | 36- 
30-inch checked and striped 


ln the January Sale 


Dainty Hand-Made 
Blouses Low Priced 


| —Beautiful blouses of the sheerest of materials, 
marimie YS. | every thread hand-made in the prettiest of mod- 
$22.50 Tray eling Bags, $14.95 wil” ta: iF | els. Some are lace-trimmed, others in more 
—Genuine cowhide leather travel bags. Heavy \ | Sailored ‘styles, . They Were BOGEME Bt an-extragr- 
ie x dinarily low price from one of our regular sup- 

leather reinforced corners. Hand-sewed frames. 


| : pliers who was overstocked. 
Steel reinforced handles. Good locks and lift catches. 


—The latest style prediction is that tailored suits 
Leather lined. Three large, roomy pockets. Brown, are to play an important part in the spring ward- 
black and Cordovan. 


robe of the fashionable woman. As spring draws 
Other Travel Bags - 


nearer and the demand for blouses grows 
greater, there will be’a rise. in prices. For that 

—A wide assortment of bags at $3.95 to $39.95. 

—Fitted travel bags, $8.95 to $60. 


reason you.are advised to buy a full supply at 
—Overnight bags, $13.50 to $22.50. 


the unusual prices of the January Sale. 
Blouses, $2.85 Blouses, $5.45 

$12.50 Suit Cases, $7.95 
—Genuine leather suit cases with straps all around. Heavy rein- 


Worth $4.50 Worth to $10 
forced corners. Good locks and catches. English plaid linings. 


—Of batiste. Many styles - of French voile and 
to select from, some lace a tiste. Elaborately trim- 
Fold-in lids for men’s shirts or women’s blouses. One of the best 
values the January Sale offers. 


trimmed. cunece one med with filet, Irish and 
Other Suit Cases in the Sale 


square neck-_— effects. , 
real Valenciennes laces. 
—Suit cases of smooth cowhide, without trays. . Sizes 16 to 26. 


izes 32 to 46. 
—— " Several styles. 
Blouses, $3.85 
» > Blouses, $6.95 
pin seal, sea lion and walrus, in $5.95. | 38. 
black, brown, cordovan and russet. —Brief cases of genuine leather, in 


Worth to $7.50 Worth to $12.50 
Size 12 to 26. $5.75 to $65. brown, black, cordo¥an and russet. 


—Of voile or batiste. 
Tuxedo collars, square —Of*‘sheer voile. Trim- 
med with filet and Irish 
One, two and three pockets. $3.95 
—Fitted overnight cases, $12.95. to $15.95. 
—Fitted suit cases, $19.95 to $80. 


neck effects and a few 
white and flesh, 
—Boston bags of teather, 
—Black enamel suit cases, with or 


$29.95 ‘trunks, $28.95 to 


wardrobes, $24.95 to trunks, $14.50 to 


—36-inch 
36-inch satin charmeuse. 
inch costume velvet. 
costume velvet. 


Oneida Community 
Par Plate---Halt 


The Ardsley 


A Discontinued Pattern 


Plenty handwork. Long sleeves. 32 to 46. 


| : ; 
—Sesond Fleer.’ 5 —Because Oneida Community, Ltd., are discontinu- 
j 


ing the Ardsley pattern, they wished to clear out 
their entire stock. They supply us regularly, and so 
we came in for a goodly share of this beautiful silver 
at a remarkably low price. 


—The Ardsley is an extremely dainty pattern, and 
you should not let this opportunity pass to provide 
yourself with thoroughly good silverware at splendid 


Made in Georgia! Women’s 
Silk Stockings, 89c 


—A good story bears repeating. Especially since its 
principle virtue is saving money. We have an exclusive 
contract with a hosiery mill here in Georgia for their 


Bramley collars. The _ lace, 
in black 
and brown. $1.95. 


sizes range from 32 to Tuxedo and roll collars. 
—Shopping bags, 98c. 


—Basement 


New! Two Lots of Spring 
Cretonnes, 39c-59c 


—Surely one of your New Year resolutions was to take 
down that faded cretonne and brighten up your windows 
with new, pretty draperies. It will be easy to follow now. 
For here are spring cretonnes in many pew patterns that 
will keep you guessing as to which is the prettiest. 
—The prices are special, for we bought the cretonnes 
when cotton was way down. The same cretonnes 
bought on today’s market would show a considerable 
increase. Prices will continue 39c and 59c while these 
lots last. 


Oval Braided Rugs 


—A new shipment of oval braided rugs, in perfect 
weaves and varied colors, is ready! There is nothing 
that will take the place of braided rugs. Any sun parlor, 
breakfast room or the like looks cheerier- with one of 
these bright-colored rugs on the floor. 

2x3-ft. rugs, $4. 3x5 14 -ft. rugs, $8.50. 

2x4-ft. rugs, $5.50. 416x7 34-ft."rugs, $22.50. 


2144x414-ft. rugs, $7.50. SxS-ft. rags (round), $5. 
—Third Floor. 


Fur Trimmings 
Reduced to 
Half Price 


—The Trimming Depart- 
ment adds a big value to 
the January Sales. All fur 
trimmings are reduced one- 
half! 


—4, 6 and 10-inch bands of 
Hudson seal, 8-inch beaver, 
2 and 4-inch Australian 
opossum, 4-inch nutria, 1 
and 2-inch skunk, 4-inch 
natural opossum,  4-inch 
black and brown fox, col- 
lars. in Hudson seal, Jap- 


anese mink and Australian . 


opossum. 
—Be sure to grasp this op- 
portunity. 


—Main Floor 


entire output. We hold them to a high standard, and 
consequently can offer pure silk stockings at 89c. 

—The lisle garter top is insurance against garter rips. 
Seam up back. Semi-fashioned. Black, brown and 
white. Sizes 8% to10. | —Main Floor 


SS the Amazing 
Prices on New Coats 
on Page 7-M. 


savings. 


Table spoons (6) 


Sugar shells, each 


Oyster forks, (6) 
Pickle forks, each 


5 o’clock teaspoons (6). 


Baby bent spoons, each. 
Berry spoons, each 


It is guaranteed to stand the wear of con- 
_Stant use ten years at the least. 


Mail Orders .on This Silver 
Will Be Filled Immediately 


Regular Sale 

Price 
Teaspoons (6)...eseee- 
Medium forks (6)..... 


Dessert Spoons (6).... 
Dessert forks (6)...... 


Butter knives, each.... 


1.50 Medium solid handle 


ns. (6). 3.00 
Round soup speces: (6)... 5:90. | Dessert: solid handle 


1.75 | knives (6) 
Coffee spoons (6)..... 1.50 


Price 

Orange spoons (6).... 
Cold meat forks, each.. 
Salad forks (6) 
Butter spreads (6).... 
Sugar tongs, each 
Child’s 3-piece set 
Cream ladles, each..... 
Gravy ladles, each 
Medium soup ladles, ea. 


knives (6) 


a 


VOL. LIV., 


ree 


No. 210. 


‘- 


—— 


ATLANTA, GA., SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 8, 1922. 


weeks together in happy companion- 


Georgia W. C. 7.U.. 

MRS. LELLA A, DILLARD, Presiaent, Kiwory University, Ga. 
Mrs. Marvin Williams, vice président, 322 Ponce de Leon avenue, 
Atlanta; Mrs. Mary Harris Armor, LL.D. state field secretary, 
Cr wtordville; Mrs. JuJius Magath, correspmding -ccretary, Ox. 
ford; Mrs. August Burghard, recording seeretary, 431 Johnson ave 
nue, Mico., Ga.; Miss soula Glass; assistant recording secretary, 


| 


- 
- 


tan 


103 Academy street, Macon; .Mys_ DB. S. Aycock, treasurer, Monroe. 


A Pioneer in Peace Movement 


MRS. AUGUST BURGHARD 
Macon, Director of Publicity, Georgia 

The W. C. 'T. U. petition for the 
limitation of armaments, presented 
to Secretary of State Hughes, has 
been the subject of comment by edi- 
tors and special newspaper writers. 

William T. Ellis, the journalist, in 
an articie in The Washington Star. 
on “vox Populi Has Come to Town,” 
‘tutes tNat the women are respon- 
sible tor the second largest classitica- 
ton of letters and memorials en dis- 
armament that have been presented, 
ihe first place belonging to the 
churches. 

in an effort to analyze the “‘ydice 
of the people” represented by these 
many communications that have 
come by mail and telegraph, Mr. Ellis 
RUVS 5 : 

“Where these messages comé from, 
who sent them, and why and what 
they say constitute one of the most 
ittuminating of conference stories. 
First and most imposing, physically, 
is the armament petition by the W. 
(. T. U., signed by thousands of 
American women. These huge rolls 
of signatures, tied with broad white 
siik ribbons, bulk larger than any 
other collection of names. They sug- 
gest theughts of the tireless labors of 
women, in all parts of the land, who 
went from door to door, traveling 
over all sorts of country, in every 
_kind of weather, massing the senti- 
ment of the mothers of the country 
aginst war. 

“Added to these must be the 10,.- 

(MM) names written in Japanese, which 
the W. C. T. U. of Japan sent by its 
venerable messenger, Mme. Yajima, 
whose eighty-nine years ¢have not 
dimmed her ardor for a world at 
pene”, 
The petition of the Woman’s Chris- 
tian Temperance union was more than 
a mile in length. and hore actual sig- 
natures numbering 199.551, repre- 
senting every state, and an additional 
two and one-half millions who signed 
throuch the presidents of their na- 
‘tional organizations. It was a Sstrik- 
ingly impressive document. the -em-. 
blematie white ribbon encircling its 
here rolls. 

Mics Gordon on Peace Movement. 

Miss Anna Adams Gordon, the 
president of the National W. U.:2s Us 
writes. thus of the organization as a 
pioneer in the movement for peace in 
the Jast issue of The Union Signal: 

“The greatest wroblem before the 
world today is to find the shortest cut 
te such an nnderstanding among the 
retiors as shall lead to world peace. 
The Woman's Christian ‘Temperance 
ynion in its marth toward this goal 
ef international good-will is not tread- 
ing a new Kor nearly fifty 


vice 


os 


Board Meets. 

The first meeting of the year of the 
executive board of the B. W. M. U. 
of Georgia was an all-day session, held 
at the Tabernacle Tuesday, January 
2 1922. There were a number of out- 
of-iown members present, including 
Mrs.. W. J. Neel, Cartersville; Mrs. 
J. ©. Lanier, West Point; Mrs. J. P. 
Nichols, Griffin; Mrs. E. M. Bailey, 
Aeworth: Mrse W. G. Tribble, La- 
sonia: Mrs. W. H. Prior, Greensboro ; 
Mrs. Charles Cater, Quitman; Mrs. 
kK. W. Withoft, Fort Valley; Miss 
Alice Wheatley. Savannah; Mrs. H. N. 
Massey, Jonesboro. 

‘This must be for the Baptist women 
of Georgia a year. of prayer—definite 
prayer th “ many of our best young 
yeonle give tur lives for definite 
service, . 

The reports brnweght by the secre- 
taries,- vice presi ‘nts, field workers 
and others were encouraging and full 
of hope for a great year’s work. The 
programs for the divisional institutes 
are ready, with promise of greater in- 
‘erest in them chan ever before. Fine 
reports come from the Georgia girls 
in the training school at Louisville. 
Kv. Miss Lillian Fulghum. of Ma- 
con. leaves this week to begin her 
training in that splendid school. 

President Weaver, of Mercer uni- 
versity, was present at the afternoon 
session and. made an illuminating talk 
on illiteracy in Georgia, pointing out 
the way the Baptist Woman's Mis- 
sionary union might greatly aid in the 


Monday,---A Great Sale of 


Women’s Fine Shoes 


iEpibracing About 400 Pairs,---in 
10 F ashionable Styles, ---Reduced to 


HALF PRICE 


7.50 Shoes, for 3.75 
9.85 Shoes, for 4.93 
--- 10.85 Shoes, for 5.43 
--- 11.85 Shoes, for 5.93 
--- 12.50 Shoes, for 6.25 


every way. 
all women. 


fords, 


buckle Oxfords, 


—Black and Brown vici 
Colonial Pumps, 


—Pat..2 leather 


Pumps, 


Oxfords, 


it tal 4 ; 
- 4 
- e 7 
. 


| by Frances E. 


program of the W. C. T. U.. as detined 
Willard, is to help 
bring the triumph of Christ’s golden 
rule in custom and in law. When in 
1854, thirty-seven years ago, she sent 
out-a-call to the women of all races 
and all creeds, in all the world, to or- 
ganize for the peace and purity, the 


homes, its final words were these: 
“And to ‘vork for the entranchise- 
meut of the women of all nations and 
for the establishment of courts of na- 
tional and international arbitration 
which shall banish war from the 
world.” 

_ “With the great conference on lim- 
itation of armament now in session in 
Washington, DL. C., has come a su- 
preme opportunity for the womanhood 
of America. The Woman’s Christian 
Temperance union is grandly meeting 


‘its challenge not with a new program, 


but with a new and more daring fer- 
vor for an old program, with its pri- 
mary purpose to help bring the tri- 
umph of Christ’s golden rule in cus- 
tom and in law. 

“When Christ’s golden rule tri- 
umphs in custom and in law we shal] 


have reached the goal of international 
good-will. 
“Then will there be observance and 
enforcement of all righteous laws. 
“Then will the welfare of the child 
48 ng paramount consideration in all 
ands. 


_“Then will be shown greater friend- 
liness to all who come to us from 
other countries. 

“Then will social morality every- 
where purify community life. 

“Then will the woman in industry 
clasp ~ands with the woman of leisure 
in a new bond of service toward high- 
est ideals. 

“This is a moment of profound sig- 
nifiicance to the mothers, wives, sis- 
ters, daughters of this war-strickene 
world. We are now united in our be- 
lief that the great conference now in. 
session in Continental Hall in Wash- 
ington will find a way out of the 
wilderness of war into the promised 
land of peace. Our message to the 
great gath@‘ing of statesmen and dip- 
lomats and to the American delega- 
tion in this conference is an assurance 
that our hearts, our bopes, our prayers 
are theirs. 

“The magnificent program for re- 
duction of naval armaments presented 
by Hon. Charles Evan Hughes at the 
opening of the conference has met 
with the loud acclaim of the entire 
world. The Woman’s Christian ‘l'em- 
perance union prays that this keynote 
clearly sounded, on November 12, may 
be caught by the conference: for it is 
the keynote of humanity’s chorus and 
in harmony with the song of the 
Angels, ‘Peace on Earth, Good-Will 


—Every shoe a “quality” 
shoe, every pair perfect in 
Sizes to fit most 


/-—10 Smart styles, including 
—Black suede one-strap Pumps, 
—Patent leather 2-strap Pumps, 
—Patent leather 3-buckle Ox- 


—Black and Brown vici Kid 3- 


to Men.’ ”’ 


—— 
-—— 


work of reaching the thousands yet 
without elementary education. 

It is with keen sorrow that mention 
was made Uf the death of Mrs. Bar- 
nard, mother -f Miss Beaf¥ice Bar- 
nard, Young People’s leader, and Miss 
Evie Campbell, who, as corresponding 
secretary-treasurer of the B, W. M. 
U., was greatly beloved throughout 
Georgia and also for her educational 
work among the young people. ‘The 
following resolutions were made: 

Resolved, That the executive board 
of the Baptist Woman's Missiqnary 
union of Georgia has heard with deep 
regret of the death of Miss Evie 
Campbell, who, for four years, was 
the efficient corresponding secretary- 
treasurer of this union, giving upn- 


; Stintedly of her time and thought to 


the furtherance of its plans; and who, 
after returning to her chosen field of 
teaching, continued to influence young 
women toward W. M. U. ideals. - 
That we appreciate the beauty of 
her spirit in unselfishly giving her 
life to the training of young women 
in schools* and colleges in America, 
when her heart’s desire was to go as 
a missionary to Japan; and we real- 
ize that in her passing the. youth of 
the entire south has lost a strong, un- 
faltering friend, one who combined 
sweetness with power, whose life ex- 
pressed her sacred convictions and wil) 
live again in the hundreds of girls 
whom it influenced. 2 
That this board and every member 
of the union hereby ex:ends its sym- 
pathy to the family of our dear for- 
mer ¢o-worker. 
Resolved further, That these resolu- 
tions be spread upon our minutes and 


ings. 


protection and exaltation of their | 


printed on the W. M. U.:page of The 
| dex,’and that a copy be sent to the 
family. 
MRS. GEORGE WESTMORELAND. 
MRS. H. H. HALE, 
MRS. E. C. LAIRD. 
_ Before adjourning to meet the first 
Tuesday in. February, the board de- 
xid to resume its vriginal plan for 
monthly rather than quarterly meet- 


_MRS. J. S. M’LEMORE, 
| State Press Chairman, 


be & 
League of Women 


Voters to Meet. 

The League of Women Voters has 
continued the district meetings and or- 
ganizatien plans after the holiday sea- 
son. The following women will have 


| meetings next week in their districts: 


In the third ward, Mrs. J. R. Gluck, 
693 South Boulevard, Friday, 13th; 
Mrs. T. C. Jerome, 242 Park avenue, 
Frid@y, 13th, at 3 p. m. In the 
seventh ward, Mrs. C. W. Johnson, 90 
Cascade avenue, on Thursday, Jan- 
uary 12, at 3.p. m.; Mrs. L. N. Moore, 
52 Howell place, Tuesday, January 190, 
at3am.: Mee T kridge, 26 
( street, Tuesday, 3 p. m.; Mrs. M. 
Tuttle, 257 Peeples street, Tuesday, 3 
p. m.; Mrs. Cogbill, 244 Oglethorpe 
avenue, Friday, 123th; Mrs. Jack 
Branch, 155 Oglethorpe avenue, Fri- 
day, 13th, at 3 p. m. In the eighth 
ward, Mrs. W. Fi Dunbar, 10 Prado, 
on Friday, 13th, at 3 p. m.; Mrs. Mur- 
ray Hubbard, 7 East Seventeenth 
street: Mrs. B. M. Blount, 649 Pied- 
month avenue, on Friday, 13th, at 3 
p. m.; Mrs. R. L. Turman, 337 Myrtle 
street, Friday. 13th, at 3 p. m. In the 
ninth ward, Mrs. W. H. Paxten, 26 
Boneventure avenue, Thursday, Jan- 
uary 12: at 3 p..m. 

Mrs. Claude McGinnis, leader of the 
tenth ward, will have a meeting of all 
the ward members at her home on Fri- 
day, January 13, at 3 p. m. A large 
attendance is expected, as matters of 
‘mportance will be discussed. 


Talk on Burns ° 
At Writers’ Club. 


An interesting program has been 
arranged by the Atlanta Writers’ club 
for their meeting Monday afternoon, 
January 16 at Edison hall. 

Dr. John Osman, a native Scotch- 
man, will talk on Robert Burns. Dr. 
Osman is a member of the Burns 
club and was one of its former presi- 
dents. He was born at Ayr, the 
home of Bobibe Buras, end came to 
America about thirty years ago to 
make his home. He is a prominent 
resident of Atlanta. His talk before 
the Writers’ club will include many 
interesting episodes concerning the 
life and home of the immortal Scotch 


et. 

Mr. Henry S. Cabiness, president 
of the Burns club, will introduce Dr. 
Osman. Mrs. E. EB. Huguley will be 
the chairman of the afternoon. 

Miss Mary Brent Whiteside, one 
of the south’s leading poets, will 
read a poem from the writings of 
Sir Walter Scott. 

A group of Scotch songs will be 
rendered by A. W. Browning, accom- 
panied by Miss Mary ‘Taylor. Mr. 
Browning has a splendid voice which 
is peculiarily adapted to singing 
Scotch songs. 

Miss Dorothy Murray, talented 
dancer, will give a group of Scotch 
dances. The public is invited to this, 
meeting. 


Missionary Society. 
To Meet Monday. 


Avpnue Baptist church will hold its 
regular monthly meeting. Circle No. 3, 
Mrs. Riddick, chairman, will have 
charge. . 

A very delightful program has been 
prepared. Europe is the subject. 

Political and economic conditions, 
Mrs. A. S. Reid; religious condiitons, 
Miss Blanche Loveridge; southern 
Baptist work, Mrs. R. L. Turman. 

On Wednesday. beginning at 11 a. 
m., and closing at 4 p. m., the women 
of the church will observe the regular 
annual season of prayer for foreign 
missions. 

Circle No.4, Mrs. George Fuller, 
chairman, will -have charge of the 
morning program. In the afternoon 
Circle No. 5, Mrs. A. C. Plage, chair- 
man, will have charge. 

A box sandwich luricheon will be 
served at 1 o'clock. Every woman 
of the church: is expected to be pres- 
ent for at least a part of the day. 


Meeting of Children 
Of Confederacy. 


The Margaret A. Wilson chapter of 
the Children of the Confederacy will 
hold the first meeting of the new year 
Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock at the 
residence of the director, 141 Lee 


. street. 
‘ 


7 


Kid 
Colonial 
-—Black pebble grain’ 3-strap 
—Patent leather ¢-strap Pumps. 


S 
~ is : ; + ; . « ; . ¢ . a rs i 4 ~* . 
§ a ~ ° ’ % 4 7 re + “ | 
1) Am * meat «* : iad o 

“Ss ys He ah i 

s / 7 

i: S| Hf ; : ip 

vx 5 hal a | . ie P “s sae 
: Peer Sie BF - : : ¥ ; 

cack Bac age, PE SU SS ga Pre ae 
7 a ie TS ae ie aan SOR ey ae a 
See eS PEAS ey ee ee 


Fe acc oi ens 4355 
A ot id . “s SS an 2 
F nA YR ee es ee j 
! RARE So Oy ON Re 


~ ~ tee a - 
ge CE ee a ere ¥ 
i . 3 


i ; > 


{ 


; 
; 


ang 


- 
| 
s 
2 
& 
& 
x 
J 
a 
2 
= 
| 


PRS hia tele f i aes % 
Sey. if eee , tg a me : “ > 
pe Be eo ee * rz a ee ae) See eS ™ 
“se vat Om as. te : oa te ax. = 
5 he call 


‘Work of Women | 


In Irade Board 


Being Planned} 


Miss Laura Smith, chairman of the 
department of wuman's affairs: of the 
Atianta Chamber -of Commerce; states 
that at an early date a meeting of 
the executive committee of the depart- 
went of woman's affairs will be cailed 
tor the purpose of discussing and 6ut- 
jining the program of work for the 
department of woman's affairs, which 
is composed of the women members of | 
the chamber of commerce for the year |; 
1922. 

The department of woman's affairs 
of the Atlanta Chamber of Com- 
merce was organized in September, a 
member of this department sitting 
upon the board of directors of the At- 
lanta Chamber of Commerce. 

The members of the executive com- 
mittee of the department of woman’s 
affairs for 1922 are as follows: -Miss 
Laura Smith, chairman; Mrs. C. E. 
Dowman, vice chairman; Miss John 
Bowie, Miss Eleanore Raoul, Miss 
Jessie Muse, Mrs Albert E. Thornton, 
“r., Mrs. J. V. Boehm, Mrs. Samuel 
Lumpkin. 

The women members of the depart- 


ment are requested to make sugges- | 


tions as to the work for the year 
1922 and to mail them to the execu- 
tive committee. Miss Smith states 
that the department of woman’s af- 
fairs expects to carry on an efiective 
program in 1922 and play a construe- 
tive part in the activities of the At- 
lanta Chamber of Commerce. At pres- 
ent, the board of directors of the At- 
ianta Chamber of Commerce has two 
women upon its directory, Mrs. Sam- 
uel Inman and Miss Laura Smith. 
The business woman’s division of 
the Atlanta Chamber of Commerce, 
which was organized through this de- 
partment of woman’s affairs, is mak- 
ing preparations to conduct a mem- 
bership campaign in the city of At- 
lanta, beginning January 17 and last- 
ing through February 3, for the pur- 
pose of securing 1,000 members 
the business woman’s division. 
present, there are over 150 members 
in the business woman’s division who 
are active and itterested in the form- 
ing of an effective commercial organi- 
zation for business worhen in Atlanta. 
The by-laws have been approved by 
the chamber of commerce directors. 
The membership campaign conducted 
by the business woman’s division will 
eonsist of a general chairman and a 


¥ice chairman, who wif] have super 


vision over 20 membership teams to 
solicit -members. Each membership 
‘eam will have a captain. Eeach team 
will be allotted a certain profession, 
vocation of business from which toe 
solicit members. In this way it is 
hoped to get every woman in the city 
of Atlanta interested in this movement. 

A meeting will be held the coming 


wesk of all members of the business | 


woman’s division to discuss these 
plans in detail... The membership dues 
ef the business woman’s division are 
$10 per ‘year. This membership of- 
fers the members every privilege of 
the chamber of commerce other than 
the right to vote for the directors of 
the chamber of commerce. The busi- 
hess woman’s division’ elects its own 
governing committee, forms its own 
program of work, have their own oper- 
ating budget, carry on. their own aetiv- 
ities, ete. 


| Recital at Edison Hall. 


The recital given on Thursday aft- 


Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock the | ernoon at Edison hall in which Miss | 


Missionary -society of Ponce de Leon | 


Genevieve Ketchum appeared was a 
delightful affair and the beautiful 
quality of Miss Ketchum’s voice de- 
lighted the hearers, 

Miss Ketchum’s’. selections were 
“She Song of India,” “My Ain Folk” 
and, as an encore, a dainty number. 
“The Owl.” Miss Far Willis was 


Mrs. Annie Adair Foster and 
Mr. George Eckford have re- 
sumed their bridge lessons after 
having been out of the city for 
several] weeks. Phone Hemlock 
2647. 


Cocoanut Oil Fine 
For Washing Hair 


If you want to keep your hair in 
good condition, be careful what you 
wash it with. 

Most soaps and prepared shampoos 
contain too much alkali. This dries 
the scalp, makes the hair brittle, and 
is very harmful. . Mulsified. cocoanut 
oil shampoo (which is pure and en- 
tirely greaseless), is much better than 
anything else you can use for sham- 
pooing, as this can’t: possibly injure 
the hair. 

Simply moisten your hair with wa- 
ter and rub it in. One or two tea- 
spoonful of Mulsified will make an 
abundance $f rich, creamy lather, and 
cleanses the hair. and scalp thorough- 
ly. The lather rinses out easily and 
renioves every. pafticle of dust, dirt, 
dandruff and excessive ojl. The hair 
dries quickly and evenly, and it leaves 
it fine and silky, bright, fluffy and 
easy to manage. 


Miss Ketchum’s accompanist. The 
next coneert will be on Thursday eve- 
ning, January 12, at 8 o'clock. Invi- 
tations have been issued, but anyone 
desiring to attend may obtain tards 
of admission from the Edison shop,-} 
182 Peachtree street. 

Floyd Jennings, tenor soloist of the 
North Avenue Presbyterian . church, 
will sing “Where My Caravan Has 
Rested.” Miss Virginia Martin, con- 
tralto, will render “Thank God for the 
Garden.” Lester’ Aldrich, _ baritone, 
will sing “Vision Fugitive.” from 


Herodiade, by Massenet. Miss Caudle’ 


Waddell will simg “The Wren,” by 
Benedict, and “Li'l Moon,” by Bar- 
tholomew. 

Mr. Aldrich and Miss Waddell will 
sing the beautiful duet, “O Lovely 
Night,” by Offenback. The pianist, 
Loie Latham, will accompany the art- 
ists, Miss Genevieve Kétchum will 
close the program with “La Paloma,” 
in Spanish, accompanied by Signor E. 
Volp.. 

‘The entire program will be one of 
great interest and a few selections of 


the best re-creations will be ——_— 
on the new Edison phonograph. e 
public is cordially invited. 


—_—_—_—_—_—— 


Moncriet Family Reunion 


In Houston, Texas. 

The reunion of the Moncrief family, 
who were formerly Atlantans, was 
held recently in Houston, Texas, at 
the home of Mr. and Mrs. John Arthur 
Moncrief. There were three genera- 
tions represented and twenty-eight of 
‘he family connections spent two 


—- eek. v ~~ sv 


a 
Y 


a 


Ly 


hour. 


priced at— 


meio: | xs, ~ i immmaamalar emeaiamane a canteens se a 


mings of white, etc. 


You can get Mulsified cocoanut oi! 
shampoo at-any drug store. It is very | 
cheap, and a few ounces is enough to | 
last everyone in the family for 
months. Be sure your druggist gives 
you Mulsified.—(adv.) 


i 
| 
| 


| 


GRO-STRATE 
HAIR DRESSER 


A scientific stair Dresser. The 
origina] formula and highly recom- 
mended for making coarse, stubborn 
hair soft, glossy and straight. Sug- 
gested as a remedy for dandruff and 
all scalp diseases, highly perfumed 
and is a delightful hair dressing. 
Price 25c postpaid anywhere. 


ES 


CHAS. A. SMITH DRUG Co. 
4-6 CEACHTREE 8T.. ATLANTA 


Hair Cutting 


—For— 
Boys and Girls 


Two Efficient Men 
Chas. R. Foster, Mgr. 
Third Floor 


Geo, Muse Clothing Co. 


al 
. %$ 


, 


ise 

Sg eh Cae ae 
yore aA As he 2'. 

Ke SS 


I QO SO oer, 


OU will see them 


Nos 


TT Ne = 


TL. 


gray, black and white 
leather. 


New SILK 


SITE ee OL ee 


Tweeds style, featured 


ings of silk. 


$21,50 


\e 


they are here to stay. 
three pieces, that ts coat and knickers—and 
knickers and skirt. Of*tweed, herringbone weaves in 


— - 
SS eee + AN enn armeme 


~. 


a 


f 


~ MODES 


ITH the turning of the new 
year the compass of fashion 


points southward, toward the land 
~of swaying palms, snow white sands, anc 
turquoise seas, where each day is a golden 
Unlike Mahomet, the seekers of res’ 
and recreation cannot have summer brough 
to them-- so many will go where summer is. 


Like the birds that go southward, one 
must take on new plumage---so to speak-- 
that is both colorful and gay and in harmon 
with tropical nature’s vivid raiment. 


Allen’s have anticipated your every need in the new 
modes for winter resort wear and while each day 
brings new things of practicability and adornment 
from the four corners of Fashion’s world, there is 
apparel already here for you to choose from—with many 


lowness of prices. - 


New TAILORED SUITS 


Simple, though Exceedingly Smart 
en Fada tailored ones, including famous 


“Milgrim” Suits. Trimmed with braids, 
embroidery, beads and silk. The handsomest 
models in many 


$69.50 to $165 
New TWEED SUITS 


In Refreshing New Tones 


seasons. 


——-—@ 


N pleasing new pastel shades of rose, lavene 
| der, tan, blue, green, gray and mixed colors 
—extremely mannish ‘tailored styles—smart 
to the nth degree—yet surprisingly low 


$29.75 to $45 
~ Jaunty SPORT SUITS 


That Vie with Nature in Color 


F Velette, Jersey, silk, ratine, flannel, some tailor- 
ed models, other in jacket and cape effect. The 
cleverest suits imaginable, particularly in their trim 
lines and vivid contrasting color effects, such as black 
and white with trimmings of gteen, red or with trim- 


$29.75 to $115 
The KNICKER SUITS 


Will Be Generally Worn at Play 


everywhere this spring, for 
They come in two and 
coat, 


checks—some trimmed with 


Very smart and sensible for all women who 
love sports enough to actively participate in them, 


$29.75 to $95 


ee 


SWEATERS 


In Totally New Color Effects 


In radiantly new colors and color combinations. 


with fringe without collar— 


square and V-neck trimmed with buttons and pleatr 


to $59.50 


As \ SS 
SW iy 


y 


New COAT 


sae 


ship. The family party included 
Laura Irby, Mrs. NoraeHand, ° 
Moncrief and family, of Atlanta; Mr. 
and Mrs. R. L. Moncrief and family, 
of Newnan; Colonel and Mrs. W. H. 
Morcrief and son, W ~~ ote 
Denver, Colo.; Dr. and Mrs. Cannogs 
Harte, Mrs. O. F. Travis, of Dallas, 
Texas; Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Mon- 
erief, of Houston, Texas, at w 
home the family met. Ed Monerief, of 
Atlanta, and Dick Moncrief, of Cleve- 
land, Ohic, were the only two absent 
members. ° 


em ARM ee 


¥ 
an unrivalled display of appropriate 
a delightful surprise in the extreme 


FROCKS 


In Strikingly Original Effects 


 Velette in combinations of red’and white 


and black and white. 
dress modes, ‘and sure to be 


The last word in 
seen where the 


smartly dressed congregate. 


At $55 


Smart SPORT FROCKS 
As Gay as the Day May Be 


O 


NE-piece dresses of Radiant Marquesette— 
a distinctly new fabric, in tan and 


rose, 


trimmed with white crepe de *chine—also of 
dressy crepe back satins and crepe de chine—in. 
new tones of tomato, magenta, orchid, American 


Beauty, grays and tans. 


$35 to 


$75 


New TAFFETA FROCKS 


Sparkle Like Spring Sunshine 


E blue, black and brown, with tight bodices 
and new full skirt—new trimmings, such as 


picot ruffles—silk cords and 


pleatings—tucks 


and dainty laces—also enlivening touches of 
organdie, flowers, embroidery and beads in 


totally new arrangement. 


$45 to $59.50 
New TOP COATS 


Jaunty to the Nth Degree 


' a very rakish style in grays, tans, blues 


and mixtures—some capes among them, 


$39.75 to $65 


Of flannel tweeds, 
serges, silk ratine— 
plain and fancy 
Scotch” plaids and 
stripes, with fringes 
of wool, all colors 
and black and white. 


Kirkwood Civic 
Club Meeting. 


. The January meeting of the Kirk- 
wood Civic league was one of the most 


interesting ones in the league's his- 
tory being under the auspices of the 


committee on American citizenship, 
. Mrs. M. W. Gober, chairman; Mrs. 
Alonso Richardson, state chairman of 
@titenship,. gave an inspiring address. 

Voca] selections were delightfully 
rendered oy Miss Foster and Mr. 


Owens. 

‘Mrs. Albert F. Akers, president of 
the East Lake Parent-Teachers as- 
pociation; Mrs. Tyre L. Jennings, 
chairman of citizenship, and Mrs. 
Fred 8S. Gould, chairman of civics, 
were charming guests of the league. 


Ararat Grotto 


Patrol Dance. 7 
A delightful affair of Tuesday eve- 
ming will be the regular weekly dance 
of the Grotto patrol, which will take 
place at Roseland hall. All members 
of Ararat Grotto are urged to at- 
tend. Masons of the city in good 
standing are welcome and are cor- 
dially invited. Music will be ren- 
dered by James Roseland orchestra. 


Dr. Williamson to 
Address Free School 
Of Health. 


* The regular. meeting of The New 
Thought Free School of Health will 
he held Bunday afternoon at 3 o'clock 
jn the assembly room, Atlanta Cham- 
er of Commerce. Subject of lecture, 
‘The Law of Vibration,” with Dr. A. 
Malcom Williamson as speaker. 
: There will be a beautiful musical 
—— featuring Miss Genevieve 
etcham, mezzo soprano, in two vo- 
al numbers. Mr. Singleton will give 
harp solo. 
+ Robert Bryan Harrison, director of 
the school, will preside and extends 
@ cordial invitation to the public to 
attend. 


Atlanta Child’s 
Home Meeting. 


* Circle No. 3, Atlanta Child’s home, 
held their regular monthly meeting 
at the home of their chairman, Mrs. 
¥. P. Gafney, 55 St. Charles avenue, 
Monday, December 12, 1921. 

* The treasurer read a splendid re- 
port of the year, after which the elec- 
tion of officers took place, resulting 
in the following being elected: 

’ Chairman. Mrs. F. P. Gafney; 
treasurer, Mrs. Forest Green; treas- 
urer building fund, Mrs. Reed; re- 
eording secretary, Mrs. Carl Dick; 
¢orresponding secretary, Mrs. Joe 
Willingham; chairman publicity, Mrs. 
N. M. McNabb. 

It was decided to change the date 
of meeting from the second Monday 
to the fourth Monday of the month. 
Members, please take notice of change 
of date of meeting. 


New Year’s Party - 

Is Enjoyed. 

- A beautiful affair of Monday was 
the informal party at which Miss Sara 
Frances and Master Carl Vincent en- 
tertained their little friends at their 
home on West Tenth street. 

The house was decorated with foli- 
age and ferns. Small bells were 
suspended from the chandelier in the 
dining room with an artistic arrange- 
ment of green and white tulle which 
led to the four corners of the table to 
a butterfly bow and cut-glass candle- 
sticks with red and green shades and 
tapers. 

The center of the table was mount- 
ed wtih a white birthday cake with 
eitht pink candles, and was beauti- 
fully decorated with narcissus and 
carnations, this being a surprise to 
one of the invited guest. Master Vin- 
eent Cefalu, cousin of the hosts. At- 
tractive favors suggestive of New 
Year's were arranged on the table for 
each little guest. 

During the afternoon dancing and 
many interesting children’s games 
were played. 

The hosts were assisted in enter- 
fnined by their mother, Mrs. V. 
(helena, and their aunties, the Misses 
Cefalu. 

The invited guests were the Misses 
Sara Franees Chelena. Marion Dono- 
van. Mary Magill, Kathleen Riordan, 
Catherine Holiday. Ruhamer Setzler, 
Eleanor Young, Margaret Riordan, 
Rernerdette Clarke. Charlotte Magill, 
Rosina Giardina, Dorothy Bosworth, 
Coneetto Barranco, Rosetta Magill, 
Mary Turner, Carl Vincent Chelena, 
Robert Donovan, Fred  Pickert, 
George Macknauve. Bily Dantone, 
William Riordan, Salvador Barranco, 
Edward Costello and Vincent Cefalu. 


Fidelis Class 
Is Entertained. 


A delichtful soceal was given by 
the Fidelis class of the Capitol Ave- 
nue Bantist church Monday evening, 
January 2, at the home of Mrs. Lovett 
Fowler on Glenwood avenue, During 
the evening a short business session 
was held. 

Refreshments were served by Mrs. 
Fowler. assisted by her sister, Mrs. 
Head. and the social committee. Mrs. 
W. H. Garrard. Mrs. Floyd Ward, 
Mrs. John M. Rudasil. Mrs. W. E. 
Craig, Mrs. R. C. McCoy and Miss 
Tommie Lou Payne. 

A special feature of the social was 
a surprise miscellaneor shower given 
ta the class president, Mrs. Claud H. 
Ethridce. 

Members of the class present in- 
eluded Misses Marie.Allen, Elizabeth 
Aycock, Irma Martin, Annie Lynch, 
Father Hicks, Katherine Lynch. 
Glenn Wilson. Pauline Martin. Ma- 
mie Milliner and Mesdames W. F. 
Rronson. Sim W. Haines, James W. 
Smith. L. C. Redwine, J. L. Morgan 
and Mrs. Munn. 


Meeting Of 
Temple Sisterhood. 


The regular monthly meeting of the 
Temple Sisterhood will take place 
en Thursday. January 12, in_ the 
vestry of the Temple on South Pryor 
street. : 

Mrs. Farl Sherwood Jackson will 
read to the ladies; and Miss Martha 
Clarke will give vocal selections. 


Bridge Club Meets With 
Mrs. B. Lee Smith. 


Mrs. B. Lee Smith was a charming 
Brood to. her bridge club Thursday 
afternoon at her home on Ponce de 
urt. 
ttygeweeel where the game was 
played were prettily decorated with 
potted ferns and plants. Mrs. James 
A. Rollestone won the top score prize, 
and Mrs. George E. Braun drew con- 

lation. | 
wrthe beautiful lace-covered table in 
the dining room had fori ts central dec- 
eration a large cut-glass bow! filled 
with narcissi and red carnations. 

Covers were placed for Mrs, C. W. 
Freeman. Mrs. P. P. Pound, Mrs. 
James A. Rollestone, Mrs. Joh 
Evans, Mrs. C. A. Constantine, 
Roval H. Plitt. Mrs. George 
Braun. Mrs. Frank W. Day, Mrs. 
Weyman Hudson, Mrs. L. P. Huddle 
cton. Mrs. B. Lee Smith and Mrs. 
Lavra Mae sete in ae a 

e next meeting 0 e clu 
‘t home. of Jirs. Robert W. 


> | 


K.| Mrs: Marion Rosenberg. 


Illingworth to 
Give Concert 


Next Saturday 


The great success made by that 
other interpreter of songs, Reinald 
Werrenrath, whose recent recital was 
conceded even by chronic concert- 


goers to be one of the most satis-|, 


| National. Legislation 


factory evenings of music they had 
ever enjoyed, will turn even keener 
interest n ordinary to the coming 
of Nelso. Illingworth for a recital 
on Saturday afternoon next as one 
of the intimate series being pre- 
sented by the Music club at Egle- 
ston hall. 

Like Mr. Werrenrath, whose in- 


+ 


¥ 

* 
; 
5 
x 

w 
. 
pt he 
- “ae “wee 


NELSON IELINGWORTH, 
Distinguished baritone, who will give 
a concert next Saturday afternoon 
at Egleston hall, under the auspices 
of the Music club. 


terpretation of familiar songs made 
people feel that they had never really 
heard them before, and whose pro- 
gram was vivid, too, with worth- 
while things that were unfamiliar. 
List Is Varied. 

Mr. Illingworth’s list is similarly 

varied. 


Among his selections will be 
Loewe’s “Erlking’ and “Edward,” 
Moussorgsky's “The Song of the 
Flea;’ Schvmann’s, “The Two 
Grenadiers.”’ and Schubert’s, “‘Atlas.”’ 


Illingworth, an Australian, com- 
ing to America last season, has been 
one of the most sensational successes 
in the musical life. At his last con- 
cert, a sophisticated New York au- 
dience actually rose to its’feet and 
cheered and applauded wildly, call- 
ing him back for three trmendous 
encores. 


Praised by Critics. 
Krehbiel, of The New York Trib- 
une, spoke of his “gripping-the imag- 
ination and emotion of the hearers in 
a degree that no song interpreter of 
recent years has exerted.” Finck, in 
The New York Evening Post, declared 


thrilled for a long time,” and hailed 
Mr, Illingworth as “the great song 


that “his singing .of 
was most thrilling in its unearthly 
atmosphere... It made one’s spine 
creep, one’s eyes fill by its tremen- 
dous emotional appeal” and that “very 
few artists possess the great gift of 
expression which makes, it . possible 
for the Australian singer to carry 
a program through without a mo- 
ment’s losing the interest of the audi- 
ence.” ; 

The national music chairman of 
the General’ lederation of Women’s 
Clubs wrote, “His programs are ex- 
actly what the American public needs 
at this time—the greatest art songs 
of the world, along in English by a 
sympathetic baritone voice possessed 


any stage. What more can one say?” 

Mr. Illingworth claims that his 
success is due to the fact that he 
is rendering the greatest songs of 
the world as simply and ‘sincerely as 
their composers intended they should 
be done. 


Junior Y. W. H. A. 


To Give Program. 


“Powder and Puff Pranks,” the first 
annual entertainment under the aus- 
pices of the Junior Young Women’s 
Hebrew association, will be presented 
at association headquarters this eve- 
ning. Mrs, Jack Saul will direct the 
production and the program wi!l start 
promptly at 8 o'clock. 

The program will be as follows: 

‘Cello Selections—Enrico Leide; ac- 
companist Mrs, Max Samuels. 

“The Plaint of the Little Bisque 
Doll”—Elsie Herman Mildred Weiss, 
Sylvia Friedman, Stella Spielberger, 
heey Maisier, Rose Greenberg, Ethel 

Bui. 


and Josephine Cohen. 

Reading, “Br’er Fox and the Tar 
Baby’—Miss Louise Dorough. 

“Br'er Rabbit’? Dance—Qsna Tun- 
tak, Beatrice Schreiber, Ruby Dane- 
man, Jeanette Jaffe, Eleanor Mont- 
gomery, Grace. Glass, Minnie Klotz, 
Jennie Sandler. 

Gypsy Camp Girls (gypsy dance)— 
Blumye Saul, Mollie Rittenbaum, 
Esther Siegel, Ida Cohen, Pear] Sims, 
Sara Grozinsky. | 

‘Dance of the Orient—Orientale, 
Blumye Saul. 

Zu Zu Frolic—Sylvia Hirsch, Fran- 
cis Brown, Rena  Grodofsky, Nellie 
Maisier, Esti)’ Minsk. Esther Fried- 
man, Nellie Gershon. Rose Greenberg, 
Dora Wald, Fannie Berzanka, Francis 
Bozinsky. 7 


Epworth League Social 
In East Point. 


Miss Alma Little was hostess to 
the monthly social meeting of the Ep- 
worth league on Saturday evening, De- 
cember 31, an aitractive program was 
rendered throughout the evening. 
pleasing feature of the entertainment 
was the presentation of “The Woman- 
iess Wedding.” At conclusion ices 
and cake was served to sixty guests. 


Result of Cake Sale 
Hebrew Orphans’ Aid. 


The cake sale recegtly held by the 
Hebrew Orphans’ Aid was a great-suc- 
cess, the sum of $325 being realized. 
The fruit-cake Was divided, and won 
by Miss Hazel Froshin and Ben F. 
May, of New York city. 

Mrs. L. G. Strauss, the retiring 
president, was chairman, and her .com- 
mittee’s work was in the highest de- 
gree efficient. 

New officers have been elected to 
serve this year their termof office be 
gins with the new year. ‘President 
Mrs. Finest: Horwitz; vice president, 
Mrs. 8S. Freitag; recording secretary, 
Mrs. L. G. Strauss: corresponding sec- 
retary. Mrs. H. B. Katz; treasurer, 


The Hebrew Orphans’ Aid uses its 
funds exclusively to buy clothpng for 
the orphans. The annual due is one 
dollar. and anyone, of either sex, is 
eligible for membership. Miss Clem- 


ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee 


that be “had not been so stirred and || 


interpreter with a message,” saying |° 
‘The Erkling’.| | 


by the greatest interpretive artist on Hy 


Ball Room Dance—Francis Hellman | 


Mrs. Max @. Lend, 


Regis 
State Editor—M 
Assistant State 


Daughters of the Ameri 


— — 


4 


| 


The regular session of the United 
States congress opened December 5. 
It seems therefore desirable to give 
to you the present status of our na- 
tional legisjative work in order that 
it may be carried on efficiently to 
further success. Alice Bradford Wiles, 
our national chairman of legislation 
in the United Statc congress, has 
given us an outline of our work. 

Sixteen resolutions were adopted by 
the continental congress of 1921, 
which request acti.a by the United 
States congress. The principles up- 
derlying these bills were adopted, not 
the bills themselves in detail. 
these sixteen resolutions five have 
already received favorable action. 

The first bill of our especial ef- 
fort to become a law is the “Sweet 
bill.” The consolidation of the three 
bureaus dealing with men disabled in 
the war—and generous appropriations 
for restoration to health and useful- 
ness of all these men. 

The Shepherd-Towner bill, for the 
promotion of the welfare and hygiene 
of maternity and infancy cases. 

Captain Kilpatrick has been releas- 
ed from imprisonment in Russia. 
Much has been done since April to 
better conditions at Ellis Island. 

A temporary embargo on German 
dyes has been laid. 

Chapters remain free to choose any- 
one of the indorsed measures for es- 


pecial support and effort on their | 


part. ‘ , 
Important Bills. 

Of the remaining nine bills indorsed 
by the continental congress your com- 
mittee and your executive board con- 
sider the following to be most im- 
portant for action at this time: ‘The 
Towner-Sterling bill for a department 
of education, with its head a member 
of the cabinet. 

This is the most fnndamental prin- 


ciple underlying the bill, but in ad- 
dition the bill provides for federal aid’ 
to the states for: physical education, 
for Americanization of immigrants, 
for the stamping out of illiteracy and 
for the better training of teachers, 
all strictly under the supervision of 
the states, or of the local authorities. 

There’ is a joint committee of the 
senate and house now considering the 
reorganization of all the departments, 
and we should endeavor to obtain a 
department of education through this 
committee. 


The bill for the acquisition of York- 
town as a national military park, is 
the bill of one of our own commit- 
tees. It should be urged at this time, 
not only as a patriotic duty, but as a 
form of public work whica would pro- 
vide for some of the unemployed. 

There remains four measures whose 
enactment into law we should make 
every effort to secure at this time: 
namely, the erection of a fireproof 
archives building in Washington, the 
exemption of our office lots from tax- 
ation, the securing of a department 
of education and the acquisition of 
Yorktown as a national military park. 


Old Trails Road. 

The raising of money for the Old 
Trails road and for its proper mark- 
ing was referred my the board tothe 
legislatures of the twelve states 
through which the road passes—with 
the hope that this might be included 
in the appropriations for good roads 
in those states. Several of these 


‘states have already concluded their 


part of this work. 

Measures to protect the national 
parks from the invasion of commer- 
cialism, 

The adoption of the Star-Spangled 
Banner as the na@onal anthem. 

A national law to protect the na- 
tional flag from improper use. 

To stay the destruction of all pub- 
lie records and documents which have 
historical value. 

To construct a national road from 


way. ; 

Indian welfare and ection. 

The national board at its October 
meeting indorsed a measure sponsored 
by the New York State. Historical 
society, for a preparatory survey of 
the battle ground at Saratoga by the 
United States with a view to its ac- 
quisition by the national government. 


| A Correction 
Your state editor wishes to cor- 
rect her error in stating that Ann 
Pamela Cunningham was the first 
elubwoman when she orgarized the 
Mount Vernon Ladies’ association for 
the restoration and preservation of 
Mount. Vernen in 1853. Mrs. J 
Walker, of Waycross, writes that in 
1801, Savannah organized a Woman’s 
club, the Female Asylum. The error 
was entirely your state editor’s. 


——_ 


Thronateeska Chapter | 


The December meeting of the 
Thronateeska chapter was held at the 
home of Mrs. W. L. Davis, with Mes- 
dames Davis, Ticknor, .Smith, Fer- 
rell, Underwood, Hamill and Misses 
Angeline Davis and Willie Wood as 
hostesses. 

The roll call was responded to with 
the name of the Puritan founders of 
America. Interesting reports were 
read from the various committees. 
‘'wo new names were added to the 


‘membership and two new names pro- 


posed. Liberal amounts were con- 

tributed to the Martha Berry school 

and to the state librarian to purchase 
ks, 


Beautiful year-books were distrib- 
uted at November and December meet- 
ings and a rising vote of thanks was 
given to the regent, Mrs. W. E. Row- 
sey; and to Mrs. S. J. Jones for their 
wonderful compilation. At the con- 
clusion of the business session, in- 
teresting program was rendered. The 
music was especially arranged for the 
afternoon by Mrs. Jackson. 
leader of the harmony quarter, and 
consisted of Indian melodies and In- 
dian love lyrics. The program was as 
follows : 

Piano solo, Mrs. A. D. Galt; read- 
ing, “The Plymouth Colony,” Mrs. W. 
M. Legg; vocal solo. Mrs. J. H. Pol- 
hill; reading, “Home,’ Mrs. J. W. 
Bush; three Indian selections by the 


— —- aiemetT 
state - | Mrs. 


‘ = 


C., and Mrs, M. F. Garrett, of 
uecticut, who is a direct descendant 
of John Alden. Ste ag 


4 Mixed Chapter 


EE _ 


The Oconee chapter, D. A. R., Me 
Rae, Ga., met with Mrs. R. L. Wil- 
cox, recently. : 

The home was pretty with Christ- 
mas decorations prevailing in living 
room agd dining room. 

Business matters of importance 
were discussed and $10 contributed 
to Martha Berry school; $2 sent 
for the upkeep of George Walton's 
old homestead near Augusta, and the 
matter of donating to the Georgia 
Bay at Valley Forge was deferred 
ugtil the February meeting, when a 
special contribution will be made. 

Mrs. W. H. Pitt and Mrs. Maude 
Cook were elected as regents’ alter- 
nates, to attend the state D. A. R. 
convention at Valdosta, and Mrs. Pitt 
will also attend the national conven- 
tion in Washington. 

The social hour was concluded by 
the reading of a beautiful Christmas 
story and several ~~ were sung. 
Delicious sandwiches, fruit cake and 
hot coffee were served. 


Watch Party. 


A delightful affair of Saturday, De- 
cember 31, was the watch party at 
which Mr. and Mrs. E, M. Robinson, 
of East Point, were. host and hostess. 
The occasion was in honor of thir 
sister, Miss Alie Robinson. : 

The home was artistic in its decora- 


Harmony quartet. 
.Among the visitors present were 


tions of potted plants and trailing ivy 
with here and there touches of red and 
green, which suggested the departing 
spirit of Christmas. A splendid pro- 
gram of music was rendered by the 
East Point orchestra, interspersed 
with games and readings. A_ special 
rendition of music was made by Miss 
Robinson's office force. Punch was 
served throughout the evening. At 
conclusion cake and ices were served 
to fifty guests. 


Meeting of Saint 


Timothy’s Guild. 

The Guild of St. Timothy's Episco- 
pal Mission, in Kirkwood, will meet 
on Monday afternoon, January 9, at 
3 o'clock, at the home of Mrs. H. C. 
Bailey, 39 Metropolitan avenue. A 
full attendance of members is urged, 
All visitors are welcome. 
as the work for 1922 is to be planned. 


ae ag : nN 4 ~ 
i eee i - : 2 Ss ‘ 
—_— 3, 
: Annual Meeting I 
t | a 


Of Travelers’ Aid. 

* On Wednesiay morning, January 
11, on the second floor of the Chamber 
of Cominerce building, the annual 
meeting of the Travelers’ Air society 
will be held for the election of offi- 
cers and to hear the reports of the 
work done at the railroad stations by 
‘the faithful agents-in-charge, both 
white and colored. not familiar 
with the work do'‘not realize how 
many of the thousands daily coming 
jnto or passing through the city«have 
their suffering relieved, both mental 


vand physical, all classes ang ages re- 
ceiving just the assistance needed. 


+ 
~*~ 
Pat * ~~ ~ 
“<8 - -<+s —- 


Dixie avenue, 


Roy MecCrorey. 


C. Gil. 
D. A. 
Pirkle. 


Miss Hicks wore a sown of yellow 


with lavender tulle, and 


Keay 


a black gown trimmed -in lace. 
Miss Keay was assisted in enter- 


tdining by Mra. T. 


D. A. Pirkle, Sr. 


A. Hicks and Mrs. 


| 


Sale 


Children’s Shoes 
Monday and 
Tuesday 


Clean-Up Sale 
Children’s 
Shoes Monday 
and Tuesday 


STEWART’S 


Junior Shoe Department 


Final Clean-Up 


Of Odds and Ends in 


Baby Shoes in Patent, Tan and a few pairs white-top 
button, sizes 2 to 4, at... 


Children’s Shoes in Tan and Black lace; also a few 
pairs White Canvas; sizes 5 to 8 and 9 to 11; at $2.00 


Misses’ Shoes in Tan and Gun Metal lace; also a few 
pairs white tops; sizes 12 to 2 and 3 to 6, at... - $3.00 


GQZD 4 STEWART CQ 29 WTUTEMALL SS 


Clean-Up Sale 
Shoes for 
Children’s 
Two Days 


i. 


rr set 


A BLOUSE 
French Voile, 
broidery— 


$7.50 
a 


BLOUSE 


ing— 


$5.00 


C BLOUSE 


crochet lace, 


$11.50 


BLOUSE 
‘Trimmed with filet 


$7.50 
-— 


BLOUSE 


$8.50 


F 


BLOUSE 


filet, dots, 


fles— 


. 


owe = 


ue 
| Me ee 


— 


OY! 


LP 
weir es 


zw 


le -_ 


' a w AKO 


— 


yey * 


FLEUR-DE-LIS 


trimmed with 
- tucks, filet lace and dot em- 


FLEUR-DE-LIS 


French Voile with tucks. em. 
Dewidered dota and hemstitch- 


FLEUR-DE-LIS 


Trimmed with filet and Irish 
embroidered 
dots and hermstitching— 


D FLEUR-DE-LIS 


lace, 
Semstitching and tucxs— .. 


FLEUR-DE-LIS | 


Trimmed with filet lace hem- 
switching, dots and tucks— 


FLEUR-DE-LIS 


Trimmed with hemstitching 
tucks and. ruf- oe 


$5.00 $7.50 $Q.50 $1()95 $19.50 § 17" 


D. ALLER & GO. 


1S 


“Mighty Like a Lily’ 
—ARE THESE.IMMACULATE, NEW 


FLEUR-de-LIS BLOUSES 
i 


“Fleur-de-Lis Blouses,” except that they enjoy the distinction of being 
useful and serviceable as well as beautiful. 


HE poet—or was it a philosopher, or both—who said, “A thing of 
beauty is a joy forever,” had just such things in mind as these 


One cannot well describe their sheer lovelinéss—for, they are as different from ordinary 
Blouses as is a lily from a daisy—snowy, crispy, wispy things.to go in. ecstasies over. 
We have just received hundreds of them. They come direct from ‘‘Fleur-de-Lis” Factories 
in France, Belgium and Porto Rico—direct from the hands of nee 
world over for their delicate needlework. 


—of FINEST QUALITY FRENCH: VOILE 


dleworkers known the 


“EVERY STITCH MADE BY HAND” 


Fleur-de-Lis 


In many dainty, original and delightfully feminine Parisian models, trimmed with filet lace, Val. lace, 
baby Irish lace, tucks, ruffles, dots and hemstitching—one miore fascinating than another—and irte- 
sistible to any woman who loves: beautiful Blouses. 
louses, 


WITHAL THEIR. BEAUTY AND QUALITY 


We have left the best news of all for the last— 


= 


COST SURPRISINGLY LITTLE 


PAllen & 


ORDER BY MAIL 


lf you cannot come 


to Allen’s for Fleur- 


de-Lis Blouses order by mail, specify 
style and size. Twelve of the new models 


are illustrated here. 


Concins 


Trimmed with filet lace, dots 
and dainty hemstitching-— 


H— 


With hemstitching, dots and 
tucks—of French Voile— 


|— 
Trimmed with filet 


elaborately embroidered; also 
tucks and hemstitching— 


jJ— 


Trimmed with filet, 
stitching and dots— 


ios 


Trimmed with filet,  hem- 
stitching and dots. Fr 
Volle— 


BLOUSE 


$8.90 


BLOUSE 


$5.00 


BLOUSE 


$12.50 


BLOUSE 


$8.90 


BLOUSE 


$10.95 


FLEUR-DE-LIS 
"LOUSE 


Trimmel with Irish crochet, | 
hemgtitching and dots— 7 


$17.50 


FLEUR-DE-LIS 


FLEUR-DE-LIS | 


FLEUR-DE-LIS 


hace, 


FLEUR-DE-LIS 


hem 


FLEUR-DE-LIS 


ench 


7 
| 


: 


Bost | 


entine S. Haas is chairman of the| 


eed 
’ : 


Roe - is Se TT, ee Say r ee 
© ti Vit. tata a ee Lee ft apd 
+ 


_—_——e- = 


e = ZX Gind 
cr eT 


=~ 


LD AD EOS, TE OO EG EE ET AE, LAE ae, & 


yn 4 
od bo PS =F ’ [BPr.4 . A 


i 


* 


. b A . 
. * se a, - 6. Dee oF e-s 
Mes rea 


x ig ti 5 
“xz ‘ 4. $e. fo ain oes . 
* sates. Sai ae Ne” A ao oe, 
Ee OILS WT a OE EPS 
4 se) Sole 2, 4 3; > Pat Oe Pe 


- > ~~ Tipe ane oe , se 
odimes at - Ree 
ae canard ee . 
ry * x. * + t 
Se Sate Sete Pas 
sighs: 5 a z xs Zig” i) a Nee Ps 
A So id ese tai Pant tae , yr 


aw > he 
Pe ae se 


a 


os ry 
. . a 
o WE, og LS oe f 
oD eae est 
Sy 5 UR Re be 


? 


* 
‘ 


ty Sar 2 ee 
a goa 


CONST 


; * Be on gE a fat ay $%. 


NS a 


ae he mee» ae . > ate oe “ oe =a - a 
TITUTION, ATLANTA, GA. 


DAY, JANUARY 8 1922. 


with gifts from the chapter, Mrs. Max- 


é AGE THREE k 
for a relief fund"\%s also raised. 


Witches’ Club 
Holds Meeting. 


One of the interesting erents of 


the week was the get-together meeting | 7 
“of the members of the Witches’ club | of Atlanta for the exclusive use «{ propagating its purposes and ideals. 


|The committe#is most appreciative of this conclusive 


at the Ansley hotel last Tuesday. This 
is the first “Dutch treat” luncheon 


-“which is to be an annual event to 


bring together the memvers of the 
Witcues ciuv, Junior Witenes’ clup, 
circie NO. 1 of tue Witches ciub, Lou- 
orary memvers cud candidates. 

The Whitcnes’ ciuo met at 1:39 
o'clock to Lave a business ineeting, 
after which they were joined vy ‘tue 
¢ther memvers tor luncheon. Keports 
were read by Mrs. J. at. White, pres- 
ident of the mother club, of the work 
éccom plished during the past yeur. 
These were foliowed by short taiks 
from several of the honorary members 
present. ‘This closed a very enjoyable 
afternoon. 

Those present were Mrs. J. M. 
White, Mrs. E. BE. Huguley, Mrs. W. 
A. Crossiand, Mrs, W. kK. Carnes, 
Mrs. Marguerite Murphy, Miss Jim- 
wit Lou Cruse, Mrs. Clarence [yy 
Mrv. Howard Weaver, Mrs. H. A’ 
‘Lulley, Mrs. Everett Brown, Mrs. J. 
-\. Erwin, Mrs. Jack Salmon, Mrs. 
A. W. Eves, Mrs. M. M. Osman. Mrs. 
t. W. Wilkins, Miss Virginia Wood- 
fin, Mrs, W. C. Andrews, Mrs. R. t.. 
Letty, Mrs. Paul Crutchfield, Mrs. 
Combs, Mrs. W. W. Kilpatrick, Mrs. 
J. A, Watson, Mrs. J. H. Owen, Mrs, 
S. E. Walker, Mrs. Will Sanders. Mrs., 
#. A. Beasley, Mrs. A. P. Woodward, 
Mrs. George Vardeman, Mrs. B. Bean 
oud Miss Eloise Williams. 


Yearly Meeting of 
Needlework Guild. 


* = 
: r - 
= 
a 
. 
. « © 
AS 
. s . 
~ we 
~ ‘ 
~* 
») 
. ~ 
SNA 
‘ . “~~ 
». 


>  CONOUCTED BY THE BETTER FILMS 
nl 


Eaitor’s Note—Throuch the generosity of the editors of The Atlanta 


Coastitution, this space has been granted the better films committee 


evidence of 


'their willingness to co-operate with and substantially assist in this 


material way, the exploitation of a movement to better the atmosphere 
of motion pictures. Not until the general public lends sich support, 
will the committee be able to function in the manner to which they 
aspire. It is to this end that they are working most assiduously and 
through these columns will be chronicled their activities to those who 
are in sympathy with the movement. A maximum reading public is 
earnestly desired—a reading public who will follow the comittee’s 
efforts and assist in the crusade for better fils. 
MRS. OMAR F. ELDER, 
Director of Publicity. 


PERSONNEL OF 
ATLANTA COMMITTEE. 


Executive committee—Mrs. B. M. 
Boykin, chairman; Mrs. R. K. Rambo, 
secretary and treasurer; Mrs. Omar 
F. Elder. publicity director; Mrs. 


the direction of the national commit- 
tee in New York in Augusta, Monroe 
and Atlanta, Ga.; Birmingham, Ala.; 
Charleston, Columbia and Greenville. 


| 


Teacher 


The yeurly meeting of the executive | 


bourd, consisting of all section presi- 
dents; of the Needlework Guild will 
be held Wednesday, January 11, at 3 
o'clock, at the home of Mrs. Arnold 
diroylés, president, 155 Juniper street. 
_ «A full attendance at this meeting 
1s expected, as it is the most impor- 
tant of the year for the local branch. 
The annual election of officers takes 
jlace at this time and reports of the! 
year’s work for 1921 ure made by the 
diferent officers. An unusually in- 
teresting program is in store for all 
present this year, as a new record 
was established in the fall work—the 
collection of new garments at that 
time being larger than ever before. 

All institutions ineluded in the list 
Yor distribution at that time who 
have not already done so, are request- 
ed to please send in at once to the 
secretary their acknowledgement of 
game and their verified lists. 


« Miss Baugh Entertains 


? 


Live Wire Club. 


Miss Margaret Baugh, the youngest 
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Baugh. 
entertained the Live Wire club at her 
home, 311 Grant street, Saturday aft- 
ernoon, December 31. 

The rooms were beautifull decorat- 
ed in evergreens and poinsettias. The 
gnests were delightfully entertained 
with music and contests. 

Among those present were Mrs. R. 
1D. Crow; Misses Louise Casey, De- 
Mue Castleberry, Mary Crawley, from 
West Point, Ga.: Martha Crowe, Evo- 
line Coppedge, Alice Gardner, Emily 
Peeples, Dorothy Shippy, Nellie Joe 
Simpson, Louise Simpson, Willie Mue 
Simpson, Lelia Sims, Nina Stansel. 
Mildred White, Mary Warnock and 


Margaret Baugh. Miss Baugh was as- | enthusiastic movie fans. 


i 


‘ 


Alonz Richardson, chairman speak- 
ers’ bureau; Miss Mary Postell, chair- 
man prograins; Mrs. R. F. MceCor- 
mack, chairman Parent-Teacher asso- 
ciations; Miss Henrietta Masseling, 
Dudlye Cowles. 


General committee—Julian Boehm.,| 


Civitan club; Mrs. Emma Garrett 
Boyd, Drama league; Mrs. B. M. 
Boykin, chairman, Woman's club; 
Miss Clara L. Cone, dramatics, At- 
lanta public schools; Dudley Cowles, 
Drama league; Mrs. Robert Crumley, 
Parent-Teacher association ; Miss 
Louise Dooley, Atlanta Constitution ; 
Mrs. Omar F. Elder, publicity, Wom- 
an’s club; Mrs. Victor Kriegshaber, 
Jewish welfare board; Miss Henrietta 
Muasseling, Atlanta public schools; 
Mrs. R. F. MeCormack, VParent- 

association; Mrs. George 
Jr., Parent-Teacher associa- 
tion; Miss Mary  Postell. 
publie schools: Mrs. 
League of Women Voters; Mrs. 
Alonzo Richardson, National Federa- 


bear, 


Atlanta | 
R. K. Rambo,! 


a C.; Jacksonville, Tampa and Miami, 
"la. 7 


There are 625 better films commit- 
tees in the United States and 3,000 
correspondents working for better 
films in accord with the national com- 
mittee. The purpose of these -organi- 
zations is to create supporting senti- 
ment for the best in pictures by fos- 
tering selected pictures for boys and 


| 


girls’ matinees; the dissemination of | 
information on current releases; pro- 


motion of the best pictures, and co- 
operation with local theater managers. 

The same agency has established 
boys’ and girls’ matinees on Saturday 
mornings in sixteen cities at which at- 
tendance by the youngsters has varied 
from a couple of hundred to twenty- 
two hundred. In eight towns photo- 
play guides are regularly published in 
the leading papers for the information 


of picture fans. 
A number of these committees are 


considering definite plans to carry mo- ; 
tion pictures into rural communities | 


where no theaters exist and the estah- 
lishment of cinema apnaratus in state 


tion of Women’s Clubs; Mrs. John} and county custodial institutions. es- 
Spalding, Parent-Teachér association ;! pecially for delinquent boys and girls. 
W. A. Sutton, superintendent Atlanta | 

public schools; Mrs. Albert Thornton,! yqQyING PICTURES 

Sr., City Federation; Marvin Under- | FOR CONVICTS 

wood, the Christian Council; Mrs.) ee ope 


| without comment. 


Newton ©. Wing. Woman's 
George Watts, Rotary club; 
Norman Sharp, Woman's club. 


A MESSAGE FROM 
THE CHAIRMAN. 

Just recently it was the privilege 
of the writer to speak to a group of 
women in a small town in Georgia 
on the subject of good pictures for 
children. The president of the club 
had previously made the statement 
that they wanted good pictures, but 
found after paying rent for same 
could not make expenses. I suggest- 
ed to the club that no better work 
could the women of that town do 
than bring in children’s pictures and 
if expenses were not made to go down 
in their treasury and pay the deficit. 


Good pictures will pay, but women|’ 


club ; | , 
Mrs.! lowing the lead and recommendations | 


| 
: 
| 


Montgomery, Ala., January 7.—Fol- 


of the Prison Association of America, 
at its recent annual meeting in Jack- | 
sonville, Fla., the state of Alabama /| (¥ 


has purchased a projection machine 
and all equipment for the exhibition of 


! 


Elizabeth Mather 


College Reopens. 7 

On Tuesday at 9 a. m. the Eliza- 
beth Mather reopens after the Christ- 
mas recess. The school exercises ran 
up to Friday, December , giving 
the students a week’s vacation after 
the holiday instead «° before as has 
been the usual custom. in this way 
the authorities hope to raise the per- 
centage of attendance. All will be 
rested from the festivities and ready 
to do serious work ut once. 

It is customary for all students who 
are to enter the second term at the 
Elizabeth Mather to »nroll immedi- 
ately after the holidays. In this way 
the adjustment is made before the new 
term actually opens, e ' 

Mrs. Carlson has room in the kin- 
dergarten for several new pupils and 
will be ready to greet her class on 
Tuesd: at 9 o'clock. 


Meeting of Habersham 
Chapter, D. A. R. 


The regular meeting of the Joseph 
Habersham chapter, D. A. R., will be 
held at Ste Mark’s church on Tnesday, 
January 17, at 3 o’clock on account 
of tltregular date falling on Sunday. 
Members please note change in date 
of meeting. 

This will be a most interesting meet- 
ing, reports of the year’s wok w'll 
be given, election of officers for the 
chapter. delegates and alternates to the 
national congress at Washington, D. 
C., will take place. 


ee 


In the Reuvniy 
Of Family Trees 


Furnished by the Bureau of Civic 
and Military Achi¢vement, Wash- 
ington, and edited by Miss Alice 
May Massengale, State Editor 
D. A. R. 


motion pietures at the convict camp > Ny 


at Relle Ellen, Ala. 

This is but one of the many tangi- 
ble results of the associations cam- 
paign to secure nation-wide use of mo- 
tion pictures among delinquents, and 
esnecially among juvenile custodial in- 
stitutions, not only for entertainment 
but for educational reformational pur- 


poses, 


(FILMS APPROVED FOR 


USE IN HOSPITALS. 
New York, January 7.—Declaring 


must know what they want to see,| that motion pictures furnish the best 


request of their local managers the 
films they want. 
any picture the manager brings 
Let him know yuu 
go to pictures, and if they are good 
vou will help him by advertising— 


‘and if the picture is not good you 


| 


, entertaining photoplays for children. | 


| 


fisted in entertaining by her mother} 


and Mrs. E. P. Burns. Mrs. F. 
Wridwell and Mrs. M. M. Burns. 


—-—--— = 


M. | 
ithe child was overlooked. 
| ease 


will tell him and your friends just 
what they may expect. 

Few producers realize the urgent 
need of wholesame, instructive and 


It seems strange in view of the fact 
that the voung people are the~most 
ie f I presume 
that in the rapid growth and develop- 
ment of the motion picture industry 
It was. be- 
of this oversight the 


Do not accept just | 
in| 


Better | 


possible means of amusement for the 
inmates of the New York state hos- 
pitals, 
commission went on record this week 
as placing their approval on motion 
pictures in hospitals for the insane. 
Sometime ago the commission } 
dorsed this form of amusement and 
placed projection machines 'n all hos 
pitals under its jurisdiction. It is only 
recently that observations at King's 
Park insane hospital have developed 
the value of pictures as a2 means of 
diverting the disordered mind and so 
directing it as to cause improveinent. 


Chicago, Il., January, | 
Partridge Smith, of the University 


fowa, speaking here recen@fy, declared | 


members of the state hospital | 


7.—Grace | 
of | 


| 


} 


Gilbert De Angelo, ancestor of the 
Trish branch of this family, came as a 
commander into Ireland A. D. 11 
upon the English invasion of that 
kingdom of King Henry, II., and in 
the year 1177, he and his brother, 
Jordan de Angelo, were witnesses to 
the charter given by King John, of 
the lands of Howth, to the ancester 
of St. Lawrence, earl of Howth. In 
1195, Sir Hugo de Lacy granted te 
Gilbert de Angelo the lands called 
“Maghegy Gallen” and to Gilbert’s 
son, Jocelin, the lands of Navan, as- 
suming unto the lands the title of 
baron. Jocelin de Angelo, first baron 
of Navan, had two sons, and in them 
the family name became changed to 
Nangle in Leuister and Nagle in 
Minster. 

1. Gilbert de Angelo. 

© Jocelin, his gon, first baron of 
Navan. “i 

5. Jordan, his son, ancester 
Naugle in Leuister and Minster. 

4. Gilbert Naugle, his son. 


of 


MRS. NANCY HEAR DAVIS 
Grand Matron, | 
Lexington, Ga. 


Order of The Eastern Star 


J. HENRY JOHNSON 
Grand Patron 
Augusta, Ga.- 


BY MRS. ROSE M. ASHBY, P. G. M. 


“May the rear twenty-two 

Bring blessing to you 

May you continue to prosper and 
bless, 

May all of its ways be halcyon days 

As you toward perfection progress.” 


The above quotation is from a 
New Year’s greeting from our past 
grand patron, W. M. Sapp, of Dalton, 
and can well be applied to all our 
members. We trust that each mem- 
ber will in this the beginning of a 
New Year, arise and walk in the 
newness of life with resolutions sup- 
plemented with actions to make this 
year a progressive one in the Eastern 
Star realm. Our order had several 
new chapters added to her constella. 
tion of stars last year, together with 
a large increase in membership. The 
records of the several chapters show 
a year replete with good constructive 


work for humanity. With added 
strength and light, 1922 should sure- 


things worth while. 
Installations. i 

Mrs. Jessie Owens, deputy for the 
Atlanta district, installed the officers 
of Panthersville chapter last Monday 
jevening. She was assisted by Mrs. 
Ophelia Owens and Mrs. Lessie Mc- 
| Williams, past matrons of Kast At- 
‘lanta chapter. Mrs. Tillie Cleveland 
is their newly installed worthy matron. 
. Panthersville is oné of the many 
|chapters organized and put to work 
iby Mrs. Rose M. Ashby, past grand 
matron of the state. 

On Tuesday, December 27, the 
Eastern Stars and Masons of Gray- 
son, Ga., held a public joint installa- 
tion at that place. 

For the Eastern Star the installing 
officer was Mrs. Carrie T. Maxwell. 
grand warder, assisted by Mrs. Grace 
Throckmorton, past grand electa, of 
Decatur, Ga. 

The following officers were select- 
ed to serve, and under their efficient 
leadership, 2 most prosperous year 
for this enthusiasti« chapter is antici- 


vey | 
‘ 


| PRE-INVENTORY 
CLEARANCE 


nated: Mrs. Cora Webb, worthy ma- 
ron; J. J. Cofer, worthy patron: 
Mrs. Hattie Boyce, associate matron, 
and Miss Thelma Johnson. secretary. 

The speaker of the. afternoon for 
the Masons was Cliff Walker. Afier 


his splendid address the members of 
both ies adjourned to the banquet 
hall, where an elaborate banquet was 
served and a pleasant social hour en- 


joyed by all. 


Qn December 29, in the Masonic | 


hall at Hapeville the Eastern Stars 
of that place and the Masons held 
their annual installation in joint 
ceremonies. : 

The installing officer for the East- 
ern Stars was Mrs. Carrie T. Max- 
well, grand warder, assisted by Mrs 
égulia Turner, grane marshall, and 
Mrs. Ellen D. Layton, district dep- 
aty of the Atlanta district. 

Mrs. K. B. Benton was installed 
worthy matron for the ensuing year: 
iL. V. Hall, worthy patron, and Mrs. 
Oscar Blalock, associate matron. All 
other officers were either re-elected 
or reappointed. 

Mr. Thrailkill, the retiring worthy 
patron, who was also the newly in- 
stalled master of the Masonic lodge, 


well be.ng given a handsome siiver 
filigree compote and Mrs, Layton and 
Mrs. Turner, cut glass vases. 

Refreshments were served and a 
social hour enjoyed by all. 

Monday evening, January 9% the 
officers of Capital City chapter, No. 
111, will be installed by Mrs. Ada 
R. Jones, p. g. m., and Mrs. Ellen 
Layton, grand deputy, for the Atlanta 
district. 

This chapter was organized eight 
years ago next March by Rose M. 
Ashby, past grand. 

0. E. L. School. 


iy request of our grand matren, | 
Mrs. Nancy Heard Davis, a school of | 


i tion was held in the hail of 
est ; Atlanta chapter, Wednesday, 
January 3, conducted by Mrs. Jessie 
Owens and Mrs. Ellen Layton, depu- 
ties of the Atlanta district. 
were nineteen chapters well repre- 
sented and the school in some respects 
was perhaps. the best ever held in 
this district. A relief committee was 
appointed for the district. We do not 
believe in letting our right hand know 
what our-left does, but that commit- 
tee lost no time and stated they must 
have a ton,of coal for a family. [n- 
stantly the money was given te pur- 
chase it. ‘The committee stated that 
there was a widow with three children 


There | 


ly be a banner year of achievement of } 
jin her work for the past year and 


{ 


presented Mrs. Margaret Lewis, the help or the children 
“etiring worthy matron with her _ hum Rape ne: out of school 
jewel. Mrs. Lewis has been untiring | *°™* ~ : 

sewel, 7 : | At once each of the children were 


veadite thaws bean attained , adopted; one by faithful Atlanta chap- 


er No. 57... » other two by 
Under the leadership of the new! ‘*! No. 57, and the et 


worthy matron, Mrs. Benton, the) ner ~Aeggccensen ng a <= 
chapter will ow 


continue the excellent |‘ , 
‘ork ac is ine nn (adopted them will see that they have 
ota erg imi Curing the sey proper clothing and will rages i 
Mrs. Maxwell was presented with clothes. ~— ens —— pes Sige 

a handsome personal gift from the | vould look after the gen . 
the whole family. A good nucleus 


.: 


splendid 


itis a jey to record such geod ; 


deeds of our companions. ; | 
The next school of instruction will 


be held in the hall of Bast Atlanta, 


the first Wednesday in February. 


Washington Seminary 
Alumnae to Meet. : 
The umnae iation of the 
Washington semivary will hold ite 
first meeting of the new year with 


a By 3 
2 


$ 
5 
a", 

i ee 
cal “4 sy 
Cae 


a4, 
eee 
ps 
‘ 


the president, Mrs. Hal Hentz, Tues | 


day, January 10, at 3:30 p. m. 
A full attendance is urged as busi- 


ness of importance will be brought 
before the association. 


Mrs. Mozley Installs 
Additional Equipment 
In Her Private Schgol. 
On Gordon Street 


-« 


Enrollment of a number of aew pu- 
pils for the spring term of school has 
made it necessary for Mrs. J. 
Mozley to increase the classroom ca- 
pacity. of her schocl. 

By this means Mrs. Mozley is now 
in position te accommodate pupils 
whe, on account of illness or for other 
reasons, need individual mstruction 
to enable them to muke their grades 
this term. 

Mothers who wish to take advan 
tage of this opportunity should see 
Mrs. Mozley at ence, as only a limited 
number of pupils can be accommo- 


dated. 
324 Gordon street. West 66-W. 


present and past matron, in appre-*| 
ciation of the many services she had | 
rendered. 

On Tuesday evening the officers of | 
Decatur chapter, No. 148, O. E. S..! 
were installed in the Masonic hall 
at that place. 

Mrs. Carrie T. Maxwell, grand 
warder. was the installing officer, | 
assisted by Mrs. Ellen D. Larton. | 
district deputy, and Mrs. Julia Tur- 
ner, grand marshall. 

Mrs. Ruth Hollinshead was install: | 
ed as the worthy matron for the en- | 
suing gear; J. R. Sullivan, worthy | 


PRE-INVENTORY SALE 
Y, OFF 


OUR ENTIRE STOCK 
Beautiful Framed Mirrors—Pretty Framed Pictures—Book- 


patron; Mrs. Mamie Harrison, assd- 
ciate matren: Mrs. Sarah Sullivgn, 
secretary, and Mrs. Grace Throck- 
morton, treasurer. 

After the ceremonies were com- 


Ends and Candlesticks—Boudoir Lamps— 
Photograph Frames. 


ONE WEEK ONLY 


pleted, Mrs. McLarin presented on be- 
half:of the chapter the jewels to the 
retiring worthy matron and worthy 
patron. 

Mr. Throckmorton, the retiring pa- 


BINDER PICTURE 


eee ee ee ew ee 


115 N. Pryor St.—Opposite Candler Bldg. | 


‘ 


FRAME MFG. CO. 


tron, presented the installing officers 


BLAUNER’S 


_ Beginning Tomorrow 


=43-45 Whitehall St. 


| Films committee came into being. We} 
helieve that® when producers and dis-| 
_fributors learn that there is a demand | 
for such pictures our work will be’ 


over. 
MRS. B. M. BOYKIN. 


od 


BETTER FILMS 
MOVEMENT SPREADING. 
Community better films committees. 


that she had received responses to & 
questionnaire, sent to the leading ml- 
versities of the country, overwhelming- 
ly indorsing visual education in schools 
and institutions of all grades, and sub- 
scribing to the motion picture as an 
educational medium in the classroom. 


fh. Richard, his son. 
| 6. James of Monean y my County 
i Cork. 

7. Riehard, his son. 

S. John, his son 

§. Richard. his son. 

10. John, his son. 

11. David, of Moneanyning, his 
son married Ellen, daughter of Wil- 
liam Roche, County Cork, died in 
Dublin, 14th November, 1637. Buried 


, »pecial Dance 
At Garber Hall. 


A special dance wi!l be xiven Wed-' 
nesday night, January 11 at Garber | 
hall, Earl Fuller and his New York | 

® orchestra, which is the additiona! at-, 
traction at the Metropolitan this 
werk, will furnish the musie. 

The dance will not be for the college 


, 


SALES! 


-— 


January 14, “Nickerbocker Bucka- 
roo,” a clean comedy drama, featuring 
Douglas Fairbanks, will be shown. | 


and social set, but to give the dancing 
public of Atlanta an opportunity to 
dance to this wonderful organization. 
espe various dancing clubs are in- 
ToTedqd, 


as a means of raising the average of, 
motion pictures exhibited, have spread | 
into ten of the lending cities of the 
southeast during the last six months. 
{‘ommittees have heen organized under 


The picture has splendid action and 
humor and in addition 2 travel film 


tnre. 


| 


10 


group: 
dals with two heels. 
pers with Louis heels. 
gray piping. 
Slippers with Louis heels 


Slippers with Louis heels 


Oxfords with low heels. 


welt sole. 


Slippers with Louis heels 


heels. 


French heels. 


military heels, welt sole 


LISTEN! 


Pre-Inventory Sale of Slippers 
and Shoes 


It’s a big: sale, planned in 
a big way, for the purpose 
of reducing stock to a min- 
imum in a limited time. 


will now buy any pair of 
the styles listed in this 


$12.50 Patent Leather San- 
$11.00 Patent 2-Strap Slip- 
$13.50 Patent Sandals with 


$10.00 Brown Kid 1-Strap 


$11.50 Brown Kid 3-Strap 


$12.00 Tan Calf 2-Strap 


$9.50 Browr- Kid 1-Strap 
Slippers; low heel and 


$11.50 Black Kid 3-Strap 


$10.00 Black Kid 1-Strap 
Slippers with Baby French 


$12.50 Two-Strap Beaded 
Kid Slippers with Baby 


$10.00 Black Kid Oxfords; 


$10.00 Black Kid 1-Strap 
Walking Pumps with low 


. 


———— LS NACL AG CTT EN: EET a eR tanta | na 


ee 


Main Floor—Women’s Dept. 


The peak of low prices is 
reached in this 


$§.7° $Q;7> 


will now buy any pair of 
the styles listed in this 


group: 


will now buy any pair of 
the styles listed in this 
croup: 

BOOTS—Black Kid and 
Brown Kid or combinations 
of Brown and Fawn, with 
military heels—BlackX Kid 
and Brown Kid Boots with 
French heels—Fieldmouse 
Kid—Brown: Suede—Black 
Suede and Novelty Spring- 
Weight Boots with French 
heels. 


- $12.50 Black Kid, grey irim, 
' in 2 straps, with French 


heels. 


> 


$12.50 Black Suede, with 3 
straps, with buckles and 
Louis heels. 


$12.50 Black Satin, 1 strap, 
with Baby French heels. 


$12.50 Tan Russia 2-Strap 
Slippers with French. 
heels. . 


SLIPPERS—500 pairs $8.00 
to $12.00 Straps, Oxfords 
and Novelty Slippers from 
“short lines’—a wealth of 
good sizes to be fitted 
from. s 


$12.50 One-Strap Kid Slip- : 
pers, plain or beaded ef- 
fects, with full French 
heels. 


Usual charge 


courtesiés. 
Refunds or Exchanges 
if desired. 


oo 


| 
| 


} 


| 
| 


in St. James. 


Sir Richard Nagle was attorney- 


will be shown and an educational fe-- general for Ireland in the reign of 


King James II. 
Pierre Nagle’s son was page to the 


king. 

One of the Ellen. 
married Sylvanus, Edward 
Spencer, the author of 
Queen. 

Elizabeth Nagle married 
O'Connor, of the parish of Glauntane. 
County Cork, and = had issue: 
John, Michael, Patrick, Frank, 
Timothy, Margaret, James, Ellen and 
Daniel. The family came to America 
about 1823 and  =~settled = first in 
Charleston, 8S. C., going later into the 
gold fields of north Georgia and 
settled at Gainesville, Ga. 

Patrick married first Sarah Ann 
Welchel, who died. Patrick married 
Elizabeth Pettigrew Thompson, daugh- 
ter of Joseph Thompson and Martha 
Wade, of Bedford county, Virginia. 

Patrick O’Connor had issue: Mary. 
Frances and Sarah by first wife; Mar- 
garet, Martha, Ellen, Patrick, Ida. 
Charles and Kathleen by second wife. 

Margaret O'Connor married Arthur 
MeDermotte Wilson and had one 
ehild, Arthur MeDermotte Wilson. 
Jr., who married Sarah Slaton Waldo, 
and hand one son. Arthur McDermotte 
Wilson, II., well-known and promi- 
nent citizen of Atlanta. 


GIRL HAD 


descendants, 
son of 


PAINFUL TIMES 


Mothers—Read This Letter 
and Statement Which 


Follows 


Portland, Indiana.—‘‘I was troubled 
withirregularity and constipation and 


ould often have | 


ee is ton ie highly “yen 
good and it hi - rou 
are welcome to use this letter as a 


testimonial.’’—STELLA NEWTON, R. ° 


with cold or wet feet, 


the sini 
Patrick } 


Jittitils 


TAKING. 


- COATS 


| 


No Approvals 


$1 5:00 1 $Q5.00 


that were $29.50 to $179.50 


PHENOMENAL VALUES 


EVERY COAT AND DRESS (excepting new spring dresses) 
RADICALLY REDUCED PRIOR TO OUR ANNUAL STOCK 


DRESSES | 


‘10 -%14-19 


that were $24 to $05 


SMARTEST STYLES 


January 3lst ends our fiscal year. Before that date we must 
have cleared our racks of all Fali and Winter merchandise. 
BLAUNER policy will not permit the carrying »ver of merchandise 
from one season to another. Here. now is your opportunity to save 
many dollars in a dress or coat. | 


Absolutely final reductions 


No C. 


m ey 


O. D.'s 


The 


No Refunds ° 


B 


New York 


Philadelphia 


Ailanta 


LAUNER 


43-45 Whitehall Street 


S 


5 
ag 

ye 

a 
p%s3 

in ae 

: 
th 


Pi 
é 


- 2 
Ry 


a 


+ 
i 
bes? 
‘gS 
ne 
¥aei 
at 


m it 


Fal sop eS ge oie NTR 


‘ 
ce ANT 


¥ 
i’ e 4 
. e a 
* “4 “ 
Pea te 
cet 
ele 
u ' j 
- 
+ 


oe 
S 


a 


ao 


os, . * 
* = - 


¥ ne 
cee ea 


> 


PAGE FOUR K 


-— ~ 


ex 
“ 


ee ee OO re ee a ee i 


d 
* 
i, wed los yas way ‘4 
‘ yee Sh ae oe 
ee tor 
f a \ 

; 1922. : 

‘A 


” oo see ee 


ght oh Ke . e oe as eR ee fs ee ee ene he ee ORs he Fore Pe a te see : PISA ay i % . 
a in sabe 5) ‘ Z z z 3 : ‘ 7 % § 
¥ - 3 7 “ at | o i 2 Peas.’ oa 
na : J : 5 : = o 7 . AR ht Deen re! 
. . 2 : $e - 
~ uP fi ¢ Tans anal ’ e oe 
= - - ; ” : i x Fg — m ne agi. 
, , 4 “ ete > st Ae - x . ws , ‘ vn A ea uM 
: — ag FS as Cm ese Ay ~ as 8 = S gae GR SE ee . 
- - - f a ee. wm c 
e . P - , y s & b , 
. -- wr ae 
3 | 
oy ¥ 
g 4 
. 


See 


I RR BE a INT RE OO ON ES INR TT A INS ETRE 


WOMEN’S CLU 


ORGANIZED IN 1896—MEMBERSHIP 43,000—JOINED GENERAL FEDERATION IN 1897—MOTTO: “WISDOM, JUSTICE, MODERATION.”—CLUB FLOWER: CHEROKEE ROSE. 


President, Mrs. | 
directo: in ater obey Fd 
Washington, D. 
DISTRICT Pp 


w. aie RESIDE 


rtin, Dalton: eig 


ays, Montezuma, Ga.; vice president at large, Mrs. A. P. Brantley, Blackshear, Ga.; second vice president, Mrs. J. S|. Howkins, Savannah: recording secre 
Samuel Inman, Atlanta; treasurer, Mrs. Robert T. Daniel Ponce de Leon apartmen’ . Atlanta; auditor. Mrs. Chariton Battle, Columbus: parliementarian. 


-; Miss Lida Hafford, director. Mrs 
NTS—First, Mrs. Arthur Evans, Waynesboro; second, Mrs. E. L. McKinnon, Boston: third, Mrs. D, C Ketchum, Vienna; fourth, Mrs. Enoch Caitaway. LaGrange; fifth, Mrs. T. T. Stevens, Luckie street, Atlanta; sixth. Mrs. R. H. Hankinson, McDonough; seventh, 


bth Mrs. Lena Felker Lewis. Monroe; ninth, Mre. M. F. Nelms, Commerce; tenth, Mrs. E. R. Hines, Milledgeville: eleventh, Mrs. William Mizell, Jr.. Folkston: twelfth, Mrs. C. H Kittrell, Dublin. 


. Mra. Albert P. 
iss Rosa Woodbe 


rry. Atlanta: edito 


r. Miss Louise Dooly. 


Hill. Greenville; corresponding secretary. Mrs. A. H. Brenner, Augusta; general federation 
Nationa) headquarters, 1410 H Street, N. W 


OP 


i ee ae cere 
— Aen hg 
B C > 


The Work of Club 


vs For Child Welfare 


’ 
4 


‘ 
Z 
vA 
A 
Z 
é 
a 
4 
“ 
Z 
Z 
4 
4 
< 
4 


<t 


¥ be Mrs. 


‘ 


A superficial survey of the work women are doing in some big 


line like child welfare sometimes 
than hopeful of the results. 


s0n; especially when the survey is 


More serious consideration will bring to light certain facts and 


conditions, however, which make 


short time in which anything has been done at all, such big things 


are being accomplished. 


Up to a few years ago women looked after their own children, 


and those with sensibilities and a 


their own individual horizon helped more or less the orphan children 


in institutions. 


The child who had reached the limit of desolation—orphanage, 
poverty and fllness—usually fell into some kind of protective care. 

But the child who did not come within the scope of institutional] 
charity; the merely undernourished child, the one neglected through 
- ignorance and thus threatened with becoming a burden rather than 
an asset to the community, had no attention. 

The most comprehensive thing which is being done in child wel- 
fare—in fact, it represents the highest development of the science 
and its realization—is touched upon today in the sketch on the 


federation page of the new chief 


ington, Miss Grace Abbott, who succeeds Julia Lathrop. 

The federated clubwomen of the United States have every fright 
to be intensely proud of this bureau, of which they were the inspiration 
and the main supporters of the legislation making it a part of the 
machiwery of the United States government. 
and now in Miss Abbott, the bureau has been headed, too, by women 

_well representative of the type the~womanhood of the country would 


have to direct the work. 


It is work like that of the child’ 


condition such as is ably touched 


recent interview in The New York Times. 
the prohibition law in the United States and her opinion that it would 


“be much longer coming in England. 


AWAKENED CONSCIOUSNESS. 


“Drink and the liquor interests,” she said, “are firmly entrenched 
in England. Every man, whatever his vocation, who is not a confirmed 
toper knows this fact and is ashamed of it. 
to say that the man who rolls down the back street would abolish the 


pub where he geis his mug of beer. 


‘abolishing the fourteen other pub 


and his wife and children live. 


every highway and byway of his 


home to his children. 


“It igs this awakened consciousness of the present generation for 
the coming one which is going to herald in an era of sensible reform. 
That to me is the most satisfying aspect of the aftermath of the war. 
In the same manner one might answer the criticisms made against 
It may be hardship for the present generation 
who have to go through the change of wet or dry; it may be a joke 
‘ with a good percentage of your people, who think that laws are made 
to be broken, and yet they are not the representative people, nor the 


American prohibition. 


majority of the people; it may be 


Z 
; 


” 


- 


mA 


on the part of foreign peoples who don’t agree with you, but there is 


one fact that nobody can get over 


of Americans will be the better for it. 
ealthier people. What a race you will 


foundations for a stronger, h 
be in the future!” 


The work that is needed to be done 
looms so big that what is being done is apt to look scant in compari- 


He wants his drink occasionally, but 
he does not want the reek of the fifteen pubs which are found on 


Improving World | 


Fer Children 
Is Main Object 


BY MRS. OMAR F. ELDER, 


Chairman Child Welfare, Georgia 
Federation of Women’s Clubs. 

In a recent letter from Mrs. Ira 
Couch Wood, chairman of the division 
of child welfare of the general federa- 
tion, she said: “One of the hardest 
things we have to do is to get the 
women to tell us of the good work 
they are carrying forward, and I hope 
you will be able to get from your 
local chairmen as detailed reports as 
possible to send me for the bi-ennial 
report.” 

I have found the same condition in 
Greogia of which Mrs. Wood com- 
plains. I believe that a vast majority 
of women must feel as one of my 
contemporaries has said that “all 
women’s work is directly or indirectly 
in order that the world may be made 
a safe place for children to live.” I 
have drawn this conclusion from the 
fact that it is so difficult to get a 
concise, concrete report of the work 
done specifically for child welfare in 
the state. 


When Mrs. Hays wrote me last 
spring and asked me to. take the 
chairmanship, she asked me to decide 
on some one big thing to accomplish 
durig my term. I immediately de- 
cided, without lengthy deliberation, 
that the greatest foundation I could 
possibly lay, on which to build a 
great work for the welfare of Geor- 
why children, is a perfectly organized 
unit. 

* I first wrote the district presidents, 
urging the appointment of chairmen 
Where there were none. Then I 
wrote the chairmen of my plans and 
urged upon them the importance of a 
committee for child welfare work in 
every club. have requested each 
district chairman to keep in touch 
with every committee in her district 
doing child welfare work, so that she 
may, at any time, be able to report 
just what her district is doing. J 
do want the district presidents, the 
district chairmen and the club presi- 
dents to assist me in realizing my 
ambition of an organized state for 
child welfare work. 

District Chairmen. 

The following list of district chair- 
|men 18 incomplete and I do hope the 
district pre®idents will complete it for 
me as early as possible, by making 
appointments to fill the vacancies: 


First District—Mrs. W. E. Attrood 
has resigned. 

Second District—Mrs. B. O. Wood 
has resigned. 

Third District—Mrs. Isidor Gelders, 
Fitzgerald. 

Fourth District—Mrs. J. Nunnally 


W omen 


tempts us to be pessimistic, rather 


superficial. 


it remarkable that, in view of the 


viewpoint big enough to go beyond 


of the children’s bureau at Wash- 


First in Miss Lathrop 


s bureau which is giving rise to a 
upon by Lady Astor, M. P., in a 
She had been speaking of 


By. this I do not mean 


Hardly. But he is interested in 
s_ which line the street where he | 


city to be the smell which spells 


a subject for scorn and contumely 


and that is the coming generations 
Willy-nilly you have laid the 


~ 


"National Arts Chairman 
Coming Here This Week 


Johnson, Columbus. 

Fifth District—Mrs. Charles Good- 
man, Atlanta. 

Sixth District—Mrs. J. H. Riley, 
Haddock. 

Seventh District—Mrs. Charles B. 
McGarity, Dallas. 

Orrin Rob- 


Georgia will have the distinction, 
during the coming week, of a visit from 
the chairman of the department of 
fine arts of the General Federation 
of Women's Clubs, a woman of na- 
tional recognition as an authority on 
fine arts. 

Mrs. Rose V. S. Berry, of Berke- 
ley, Cal., will arrive in Atlanta on 
the morning of Thursday, January 12, 
and Mrs. Ulric S. Atkinson, of At- 
lanta, newly-appointed chairman of the 
division of art for the Georgia Federd- 
tion of Women’s Clubs, in conjunction 
with Mrs. Albert EF. Thornton, presi- 
dent of the Atlanta City Federation. 
is planning a program for her visit 
which will be as far-reaching in value 
to the clubwomen of the state as the 
brevity of Mrs. Berry's visit in Geor- 
gia will permit. 

Mrs. Berry's  principai address 
while in Atlanta will probably be 
given at a luncheon at the Capital 
City club on Thursday at 12:30, this 
luncheon under the auspices of the 
art division of the Georgia Federation, 

Among the distinguished guests will 
James E. Hays, of Montezu- 
ma, president of the State Federation, 
and Mrs. Atkinson has written fo 
urge the chairmen of art in each 
district federation to make special ef- 
fort to be present. 


Eighth District—Mrs. 
‘erts. Monroe. 

Ninth District—Mrs. B. B. Jackson, 
moved out of the state. 

Tenth District—Mrs. E. E. Hines, 
Milledgeville. 

Eleventh District—Mrs. H. D. Reed 
has resigned. 

Twelfth District—Mrs. 
1 Vidalia. 

Mrs. Hines has the most stupendous] 
program for child welfare work in 
the tenth that I have heard of. They 
are featuring the work of this division 
throughout the district. 

Work in the Eighth. 


Mrs. Orrin Roberts, of the eighth, 
has given me the most detailed report 
that has reached me, outlining just 
what each club inthe district has 
done. Mrs. McGarity has also given 
her individual clubs due credit, as 
has also Mrs. Johnson, of the fourth. 
I have six reports, four resignations, 
(which should have been sent to the 
district presidents). This leaves only 
two districts from which I have hac 
no report, these being the third and 
the fourth. 

I have written one hundred and 
six letters, sent out forty-four general | 
federation programs and five telc- 
granis. 


While the luncheon will be a sub- 
scription affair, members of the fol- 
lowing Atlanta organizations are es- 
pecially urged to be present: The 
Atlanta Art association, tae art de 
partment of the Woman’s club, the 
Drama league, the Musie Study club, 
the city planning commission, the city 
art commission, the American Archi- 
tects’ association, and the City Fed- 
eration of Women’s Clubs. 

With the announcement of Mrs. 
Berry's coming, there was manifest a 
keen and general interest in the mes- 
sage she will bring to the clubwomen 
of Georgia, and all indications point to 
a most brilliant assemblage at the 
luncheon in her honor. 

If her plans permit Mrs. Berry to 
remain long enough, a public meeting 
will be arranged for Thursday night. 

Mrs. Berry has a national recogn)- 
tion as an authority on the fine arts, 
and among the distinctions she has 
enjoyed was her association with Mr. 
Trask, formeriy of the Pennsylvania 
Academy of Fine Arts, in the direction 
of the art academy and exhibits at the 
Panama-Pacific exposition. 

She a leader of women in the 
federated club work, and is an art 
lecturer of broad reputatiom 


DeLoach, 


Literature. 
A great many clubs have written 
me for pamphlets and literature on 


is 


‘<Covington Club 


cissi and poinsettias were 
al 


A 


ae 
o* 


-Holds Meeting. 


Covington, Ga., January ¢.—(Spe- 
cial.) ——The Woman's club, of Coving- 
ton, met in regular session at the beau- 
tiful home of Mrs. FE. O. Lee on Mon- 
ticello street Tuesday afternoon. 

Graceful growing plants and vases 
and baskets of roses, hyacinths, nar- 
used in 
charming effect in hall, living room, 
aun parlor and dining room. 

The study of Americanization and 


‘titizenship was of vital interest and 


~ f 


will soon be taken up by the club. 

Mrs. W.-C. Clark, president, ap- 
pointed committees for the purchase 
of piano, library furniture, including 
books, magazine table, mahogany 
chairs. etc.. as follows: 

Piano. Mrs. H. B. Anderson, chair- 
man: Mrs. C. H. White, Mrs. J. B. 
Robinson, assisted by Misses Clara 
Beile Adams, Fletcher Lou Lunsford 
and Mrs. Lester Lee. 

Library furniture, Mrs. A, D. Wil- 
liams. chairman; Miss Charlie Porter, 
Mrs. ©. H. White, Mrs. W. C. Clark 
and Mrs. T. G. Callaway. 
~ Committee en tourist camp was also 
appointed with Mrs. FE. FE. Callaway 
chairman: Mrs. Lee Trammell, Jr., 
Mrs. Lester Lee, Mrs. Calhoun Vin- 
ing, Mrs. H. L. Hitcheock and Mrs. 
C. M. Griffin. 

A delightful musical program was 
furnished by Misses Clara Belle 
Adams, Annie Pauline Anderson, 
Fletcher Lou Lunsford pianists, and 
Mrs. James Carter Anderson, violinist. 

Delicious. refreshments were served 
hy the committee in charge: Mrs. 
Charles H. White, Mrs. C. A. Sack- 
well, Mrs. Minnie P. Wright. Miss 


o 


Mollie Wilson, Mrs. T. G. Calloway, | 


Mra. Lee Trammell, Jr.. Mrs. P. 8. 
Austin. Mrs. E. O. Lee, 
Ellis and Mrs. Henry Branham. 


Is Your Club Starting 
A Public Library? — 


The Georgia library commission of- 
fers expert advice on establishing 
public libraries. It is a clearing house 

f library experience and gives you 
information on the best systems of 
‘yeeords, on book selection, and on 
questions of géneral policy. Seek the 
thelp of the library coumunission and 
avoid mistakes. 

Do you need books 
4 9 
vThe Georgia library commission has 
established a package library service 


to. to students who have 
inadequate library facilities. k 
are loaned 

> 2% = return 

te a 


£ . » . . J 
he Segoe 
re 
- @ 
- % 7 


for your club 


postage.—Ceorgia 
n, State 


eee 


a denal 


child welfare work. I mail to all of 
them a copy of the program issued 
by the general federation and ask the 
state board of health to send all their 
literature. But as there is no fund 
provided for the furnishing of litera- 
ture to the clubs, I wish to ¢all espe-| 
cial attention to the listing of pam- 
phlets, available at a very small cost, 
in the back of the general federation 
program. 


No Libraries 
For Rural Fulton. 


The efficiency of the Carnegie li 
brury of Atlanta, and the very life of 
the Southern Library Training school, 
were threatened some months ago by 
curtailed city appropriations. The or- 
ganized women of Atlanta—largely 


through the City Federation of Clubs 
and the Atlanta council of Parent- 
Teachers—were drawn together, under 
Mrs. Samuel Lumpkin, for conference 
on this dangerous situation, and very 
soon gave city council and the publie 
so much information that the wrong 
was righted and an appropriation was 
secured, which, thought not adequate 


A great many of them are free and 
the others can be had at a very small 
cost. There are listed articles on 
every phase of child - welfare work 
one could possibly conceive of. So 
that in furnishing you this list I feel 
I can help you a great deal more 
than the limited number of pamphlets 
I could provide for the same cost and 


for full progress, is, at any rate, such 
as to maintain an efficient existence. 
Contrast with this the plan of extend- 
ing the use of the Carnegie library 
of Atlanta to Fulton county, which 
has been fully worked out and could 
very readily be “put over.” Because, 
however, there is no county-wide or- 
ganization of women in Fulton, there 
exists no agency representing the gen- 
eral public to take the time to fune- 
tion with the library authorities and 
get this splendid piece of work in 
shape. So we have the spectacle of 
Crisp, Ben Hill, Muscogee and many 
other Georgia counties, the happy pos- 
sessors of county library service, while 
Fulton, the richest and most thickly 
populated of them all, has no book 
benefit for her county residents. 
“Look en this picture and then on 
that.’ and realize the value of team 


work. 


‘Rook Mending 


probably always the thing you are 
least interested in. 

Some of the information Mrs. Elder 
has provided the clubs as included in 
her letter to them, is as follows: 

First, have your division thorough- , 
ly organized with subchairmen who 
are responsible for every phase of 
the work. Then select that type of 
work that is best suited to your com- 
munity’s needs. 

Som of the interesting things other 
than those suggested in the general 
federation pamphlet that have been 
reported to me through the district 
child welfare chairmen are: Better 
babies’ contests, reprer°ntatives of 
state board of health examine chil- 
dren and lecture, the holding of nu- 
trition classes, provision of lunches 
for school children, holding of health 
centers, providing proper books for 
children’s libraries, secured medical 
inspectio: in school. 

One committee is educating a blind 


Mre. J. E. | 


s 
for one month at no expense 


Capitol, 


child, another is paying for a crippled 
child's treatments, one provided a 
layette for the infant of a destitute 
mother, another is paying a baby’s 
board until the mother can become 
self-supporting, others are providing 
milk for the children in poor districts. 
Story-telling hours were provided in 
one small tewn for vacation amuse- 
ment for children. Many clubs have 
held one special child welfare pro- 
gram with lectures. One district has 
given several victrolas to country 
schools, and encouraged the raising of 
standards in music. T am sure that 
if you will only look around you, you 
will find that in a short time you 
will not have to ask any one what 
ta do. You can hardly decide which 
things are most needed. 
Juvenile Courts. 

The pablic welfare department of ' 
the state is urging upon the clubs 
the great need of enforcing oyr Geor- | 
gia law which requires a juvenile | 
court in every county. This should | 
he designated by the supreme court | 
judge and as the law requires this, 
it only takes a bit of pressure on 
the part of our clubs to secure it. 

If you will take this up and, noth- 
ing I assure you could mean more 

a , 


Books cost more than they ever cost 
and use in a library wears them ouf 
very. quickly. Every trained librarian 
knows how to mend them in all their 
different stages of dissolution, but this 
work takes more time than the busy 
librarian ean give to it. This is a 
wonderful field for co-operation by 
club women. 

Let every local library extension 
chairman find a group of hand workers 
who will learn the art of bookmaking. | 
and by a morning's work, now and 
then. hundreds of books would | be 
snved for use in our almost bookless 
State. 


Norcross. 
A dream of the Norcross Woman's 
club came true in the opening of a 
beautiful library building in Sep- 
tember. From a legacy of the late 
Edward F. Buchanan, a brick and 
stone building, costing $4,000. was 
erected by the club on a sightly lot, 
facing the city park. The librar 
was. established by the club in 1907; 
largely through the efforts of Mrs, 
Homer Jones; and has been main- 
tained by the club from. that date. 


| For Clubwomen. 


\ 


| 


Chief of Children’s Bureau, 


Federal Department of Labor 


MRS. GRACE ABBOTT, 
New chief of the Children’s Bureau, Department of Labor. 


No oftice and the filling of it in the 
whole federal administration can be 
of more vital concern to the women 
of the country than that of chief of 
the children’s bureau, department of 
labor. 

It has taken scientific handling of 
the problems of child welfare to bring , 


the great bulk of the women of the’! 
country to a realization of the needs! 
of the apparently home protected child | 
as well as the orphan in an institu: 
tion. The original inspiration and 
planning was of course the work of the 
individual or the small group of far- 
seeing women, and they had all the 
difficulties of pioneers with which to 
contend. 
Making Great Strides. 


federal recégnition of the need for 
children’s welfare work of nation- 
wide scope and with the assistance of 
all the science and practical business 
sense “that can be brought to bear 
upon it, is comparatively recent, and 
as yet the children’s bureau in its in- 
fancy of financial support. 

It is muking admirable strides, 
however, u the women of the eoun- 
try are lea_ning to have confidence in 
iit, and to use its aid. 

It has a new chief, Miss Grace Ab- 
bott, and her preparation for this im- 
portant office -w:ll be integ@ested in- 
formation t» the women of Georgia. 


| she 


Miss Abbott comes to the children’s 
bureau with years of experience in 
the administration of organizations 


— a + ee ee 
— eee 


~~ 


to the delinquent children of your 
district, You can get all instructions 
for the procedure from Burr Black- 
burn, state board of public welfare, 
or I will forward it to you if you | 
will write me, 


MARIELEN HARGROVE ELDER. 


dealing with social problems and in 
the organization of social investiga- 
tions. 

Born in Nebraska in 1878, where 
her parents still reside, she has spent 
recent years in Chicago. She did 
graduate work at the University of 
Nebraska and has a master’s degree 
from the University of Chicago, where 
ulso did considerable work in 
the law school. 

Much of Miss Abbott’s work has 
been concerned with problems ol im- 
migration. She has served ag direc- 
tor of the Immigrants’ Protective 
League of Chicago, an organization 
whose effective work has attracted 
wide attention. As executive secre- 
tary of the state immigration coin- 
mission of Massachusetts, she direct- 
ed a comprehensive investigation and 
prepared the report; and has recently 
been executive secretary of the state 
immigrants’ commission of Illinois. 
She was for several years a resident 
of Hull house. She is the author 
of “The Immigrant and the Commu- 
nity,” published by Century compa- 
ny, and of many magazine articles 
and reports. 

Named Director in 1917. 

In 1917 Miss Abbott became di- 
rector of the child labor division of 
the children’s bureau of the United 
States department of labor. This di- 
vision udministered the first federal 
child labor law, and Miss Abbott was, 
from the beginning, responsible for 
t' formulation and development of 
it. policies, Later Miss Abbott was 
an advisor on the war labor policies 
board. 

When, at the close of children’s 
year, the children’s bureau held a 
series of conferences on child welfare 
standards. Miss Abbott served as sec- 
retary of thes. conferences. During 
the time she was with the children’s 
bureau she was twice sent abroad on 
important missions, and served as sec- 
retary of the children’s commission 
of the first international labor con- 
ference. 


Wo 


Augusta Clubhouse, recently 
Federation of Women’s clubs and 


txt at tt Af 
ss BERS aie Sasi a 
Vee: 


man's Club at Augusta 


purchased by the Augusta City 


now occupied by this progressive : 


- 
x 2 
ars * 
ag > Ne : 
‘ re cael ye ‘ 
ie ORE ee ses 
Pesan ¢ 
~s : AR 


Women Called 
For . Meetings On 
Welfare Work 


Women are named for prominent 


parts in two important welfare meet- 
ings slated for Georgia this month. 
The first of these is the Northeast 
Georgia Conference on Welfare, to 
be held in Athens January 23, 24, 25, 
of which the main committee includes 


Mrs. J. E. Hays, of Montezuma, pres- 
ident of the Georgia Federation of 
Women’s Clubs, with Chaneellor Bar- 
row, Dr. T. F. Abercrombie, secretary 
of the state board of helath, and Burr 
Blackburn, of the state board of pub- 
lic welfare, this conference to be held 
at the university. ‘The local advisory 
committee includes Mrs. Charles Snell- 
ing, president of the Athens Woman's 
club; Mrs, A. S. Parker, president of 
the League of Women Voters; Mrs. 
Louis Jobnson, district vice president 
Parent-Teacher associations, and Mrs, 
Mildred Rutherford, of Lucey Cobb, 
with Dr. Jere Pound, of the State 
Normal. 

Mrs. Alenzo Richardson. who was 
the leader of the women’s _ steer- 
ing committee tor the passage 


Plan for Education Work 
Is Outlined by Chairman 


The General Federation of Wom- 
en’s clubs, which provides the gen- 
eral plan of activity for every. feder- 
ated organization doing general club 
work, has just issued a new outline of 
work for the department of applied 
education through the chairman of 
the department, Mrs. John D. Sher- 
man, of Chicago. 

This outline, which is put into the 
bands of the state departments of ap- 
jlied education but is available on re- 
quest, by any club, expiains that it 
is proposed to develop the department 
as a whole, to show the inter-relation 
of the various committees, and to cre- 
ate a feeling among the chairmen that 
all are working together to a common 
end. For instance: Roads in the- di- 
vision of conservation is a subject 
that plays an important part in the 
work for rura! schools and county 
co-operation; and home economics is 
closely related to vocational educa- 
tion, ete., and the chairmen will get 
better results’ by working together. 
Each division bas an amplified pro- 
gram of work. 


Of much interest In Georgia is the 


of the appropriations bill for 
the state board of public welfare, 
and Mrs. H. H. McCall, who was 
chairman of the social service commit- 
tee of the Georgia Federation of 
Women’s Clubs, with Miss Edith 
Thompson, of the Associated Chari- 
ties, were the women called into a pre- 
liminary meeting for the planning of 
a state welfare meeting, to be held 
in Atlanta in the spring. Representa- 


' 
} 


of Georgia, state board of health, Red 


| 
| 
| 


tives were present of the University 


Cross, department of labor, Georgia 
Association of Children’s Institutions, 
state board of welfare, Associated 
Churities of Atlanta and Salvation 
Army. 

Kendall Weisiger was made chair: 
man, and Burr Blackburn, secretary, 
and the group will form a motion com- 


suggestive material in open county 
eonferences and community group 
co-operation, which is in part as fol- 
lows: 
Open County Conferences. 

Aim: To bring together the women 
ef each county for the purpose of 
showing them some of their com- 
munity needs and how they may co- 
operate through community groups 
for the common good; and of the 
ways in which the general feder- 
ation may be of service. 


1. An open county conference, call- 
ed by and to be in charge of the state 
president or other authorized federa- 
tion woman. A _ general invitation 
should be extended to the members of 


etc., and a special effort made to 
secure the attendance of women who 


mittee for the arrangement of the 
spring conference. 


Norcross Club Begins 
Important Work. 


The president of the Norcross 
Woman’s club, Mrs. J. E. McElroy, 
was hostess to the club Thursday aft- 
ernoon, Christmas decorations were 
in evidence everywhere. 

This being the first meeting since 
Mrs. McElroy’s election and the first 
meeting of the year, some. important 
changes were made, Prospective mem- 
bers will be informed as to what the 
by-laws are and should agree to sup- 
port the same before being allowed 
to join the club. 

A committee was appointed to call 
on the new people who move into 
town and give them a warm, friendly 
welcome. 

Plans were also made to plant me- 


will appreciate the purpose of 
conference and who will carry the 
message back to their communities. 

2. The conference to be devoted to a 
presentation of the work of 
divisions of education, home eeqnomics 
and conservation of natural resources. 

Community Groups. 

Following the county conference, 
community groups should be organiz- 
ed. Each group to prepare its own 


mediate home und community needs as 


| 


the women themselves see them. A a 
sistance in preparing the gram an. 
in carrying out the wor should te 
asked of the following: a 
State superintendent of public in- 
struction. 
Home demonstration agent. 
Home economics instructors. 
Vocational education directors. 


Agricultural colleges and universi- 
ties; heads of home economie and 
other related departments; extension 
specialists in home economics and 
agriculture. 

Country life associations. 

Library commissions, etc. 

This plan, it should be remembered, 
is not limited to agricultural coun- 
ties, but is for industrial counties and 
communities as well. 

Closely related are the suggested 
programs on rural schools, kinder- 
gartens, vocational education and 
library extension. 

Home Economies. 


The plans of programs of this di- 
vision will have three objectives: 

1. To interest women in the home 
as a social institution by a study of 
its gradual development during the 


‘centuries; by a study of the material 


| and 


| with 


spiritual needs of the modern 
home, and by intelligent co-operation 
agencies at work for the bet- 
terment of homes. 

~. To provide, through the organiza- 
tion and co-operation of the home- 
‘makers of a community a medium 
through which the ideals of the home 
may be projected into the community. 

o. Passage of the Fess bill—to 
amend the vocational education act 
in such manner that vocational train- 


ing in home-making pursuits may re- 


‘ceive as much aid from federal funds 


other organizations, church societies, | 
f is 
the | turers that there is a demand tor the 


the. 


program of work based upon their im- | 


as is given to industry and agricul- 
ture. 

Under 
the effort 


the sub-head of “Clothing 
to convince manufac- 


following : 

1. A standardized grade of certain 
}fabrics that have a predominating 
use. 

2. A supply of simple, conservative 
garments, as well as those which ‘Yfol- 
low the trend of swiftly passing 
fashions, 

Thrift (the name to be changed at 
June bi-ennial), conservation of natu- 
ral resources, with their sub-divisions, 
are treated with equal completeness 
,and suggestive value. 


Central Club at Capital 
Is Boughi by Federation 


Action of prime importance to every 


morial trees on the library lot for 
boys who made the supreme sacrifice 
in the late war, and to those only 
whose remains were brought back to 
Norcross for final burial. Service to 
be in charge of Miss Minnie Harmon, 
chairman of the floral committee, and 
Mrs. H. M. Linch, chairman of civic 
committe@® to be held with appro- 
priate exercises on General Lee’s birth- 
day (January 19) with the assistance 
of the public school children. 

A memorial tree will also be plant- 
ed in memory of Edward Buchanan 
and Homer V. Jones. Mr. Buchanan's 
benevolence made it possible for the 
Woman’s club to build and maintain 
their library and Mr. Jones so faith- 


federated club in the United States 


|} was taken at the meeting of the board 


of directors of the General Federation 
of Women’s Clubs the past week in 
Chicago. 

. Perhaps the most important move- 
ment of this great deliberative body 
was the decision to establish a cen- 
\tral clubhouse in Washington city, 
pwhich will be open to the 2,000,000 
women in the United States who are 
members of clubs affiliated with the 
general federation. 


Built by General Miles. 
It was decided to purchase the resi- 
dence at 1734 N street, Washington, 
built by General Nelson A. Miles. The 


fully gave his services and substance 
as chairman of the club library trus 
tees. 

Delicious refreshments were served 
at the close from the dining room, 
with Mrs. H. H. Miller and Mrs, 
W. M. McElroy in charge, 


Plan of Club Study 
For Welfare Work. 


Suggested’ programs on Georgia's 
fight against dependency and delin- 
quency have been prepared by the 
state department. of public welfare 
for women’s clubs, and these may be 
secured on application to the depart- 
ment. 

These programs have been prepared 
in order that interested groups may 
inform themselves of what can be their 
co-operative help in the department’s 
work. 

Typical programs from the pam- 
phlet are suggested as follows: 

I 


1. The Care of Delinquent Children. 
(a) Juvenile courts, (b) state train- 
ing schools, (c) in our county. (find 
whether or not you have a juvenile 
court in your county; how many chil- | 
dren have been confined in the jail 
during the year; interview superin- 
tendent of schools, the sheriff and 
others to the number of detinquent 
children in the county.) 

2. Discussion, “What Can We Do 
About It?” 

1I. 


1. The Care of Homeless Children. 
(a) In institutions, (b) child placing, 
(c) the child bern out of wedlock. 

2. Discussion, “What Can We Do 


About It?” 


decision to make the purchase was 
‘unanimous on the part of the sixty 
board members from thirty-four states 
who were present at the directors’ 
meeting at the Drake hotel. Mrs. 
Samuel M. Inman, of Atlanta, direc- 
tor for Georgia in the general federa- 
tion, was present to represent 


; State. 


A fund of $150,000 will be raised 
umong the club women of the various 


property and furnishings. Piedges 
from clubs and individuals at the ses- 
sion when action was taken approxi- 
mated $20,000. Mrs. ‘Thomas G. Win- 
ter, of Minneapolis, president of the 
general federation, was voted chair- 
man of the permanent headquurters 
committee, and will appoint the other 
members of the committee to dssist 
her in this work. 

A matter of scarcely less importance 
was the decision of the board to rec- 
ommend the amendment of the by- 
laws to change the present custom of 
biennial conventions, and to hold the 
general meetings annually, and te 
elect officers every two years. 

A general’ federation condition 
which has been productive of much 


her | 


states to finance the purchase of the. 


| 


board meetings, but will not have vot- 
ing power. 

Clubs must be membérs of the state 
federation and recognized as such by 
‘them in order to be admitted to mem- 
bership in the general federation. 

A trust fund is to be created from 
the residue of $81,000 remaining from 
ithe Victory war fund of $300,001 
raised by club women during the war, 
and the interest from this fund will 
be utilized to assist in some work  re- 
sulting from the war. 

A Working Power. 

Women as a_ working power in 
America and throughout the world 
will be the keynote of the coming 
convention of the general tederation, 
to be held at Chautauqua, N. Y., June 
21-30. Plans for this convention oc- 
cupied much of the time of the board 
and 
international importance and interest, 

One of thé significant happenings 
was the creating of a national com- 
mittee on international relationships, 


Winter and with a state chairman in 
‘every state in America. 

The decision of the general federa- 
tion that an adequate clubhouse in 
Washington 9s an essential to the pres- 
tige and convenience of the greatest 
international body of women will have 
a special local. interest in Georgia, 
becuuse of the recent decision of the 
‘Georgia federation that all clubs at- 
filiated with the state body become 
automatically members of the general 
The clubhouse at Wash- 


| federation. 


eington will, therefore, belong to the 


Georgia clubwomen, just as much as 
it will to clubwomen in the District 
of Columbia. 

It also calls attention to the fact 
that one of the important matters to 
be considered at the forthcoming meet- 
ing of the Georgia federation’s exec- 
utive board this month is the matter 
of business headquarters as a clear- 


dissatisfaction was rectified in, the de-|ing house for state federation mat- 


Woman Named 
Commissioner 


Jn Columbus 


Time was, not so very long ago, 


III. 


1. The Care of the Aged. (a) In: 
the state, (b) in our county. (See | 
county commissioners and visit the 
almshouse. ) : 

2. County Poor Kelief. (a) In the 
state, (b) in our county. (See the 
county commissioners.) 

4. Discussion, “What Can We Do 
About jer’ / 


[V. 

1. The Care of Adult Delinquents. | 
(a) In county jails (see “Humaniz- 
ing Georgia’s County Jails’ sent free 
on request), (b) In our county jail 
(write this department for report on 
your county jail), (c) Adult probation 
(see the adult probation law, Parks 
code, section 1081, in any lawyer's of- 
fice and inquire of county officers | 
how it is operated in your connty. 

2. Discussion, “What Can We De. 
About It?’ 


Jewels 


Above Price. 


_ ed much favorable comment. 


+ “ "§ Sut 
- PS > 
* aS 


Miss Bell Bayless, of Kingston, Ga.., 
prominent clubwoman, and reputed to 
be the first clubwoman in the state | 
to write an article in favor of the 
Sheppard-Towner bill, its title, “The 
Road to Mother.” which appeared in 
The Pictorial] Review; is the author 
of a recent article in The Bartow 
Tribune of Cartersville, called “Jew- 
els Above Price.’ which has occasion- 


Its purpose is to promote the Ter- 
hune fund for crippled children, a 
legacy of 000 left by Mre. r- 
nelius Terhune, of Rome, Ga., to me 
the expenses of crippled children from 
out-of-the-way communities to sur- 


ia 


je? 4 


cal centers where they may receive 


a woman to any publie office in Geor- 


MISS ANNA GRIFFIN, 
Member of the Board of Commis- 
sioners, City of Columbus, 


gia was so rare as to be quite re- 
‘markable, bat, of late, the responsi- 
bility of office has been placed on 
women frequently enowsh to become, 
tg the newspapers, almost a matter 
of routine. | 

The most important 


yo Ame dR ’ “ 


- RS Ss & %. 
Cee ai ee 4 ‘inte ei f. 
a em am tHE — ts 
Lage 


| 
’ 


' 


} 


| cision that presidents of state federa- | ters, and the dissemination of informa- 
tions will hereafter be admitted to!/tion relating to federation work. 


x 

so far assumed by a woman in Geor- 
gia is that of Miss Anna Griffin, of 
Columbus, who assumed ber new re- 
sponsibility on January 1 as one of 
the five members of the board of com- 
missioners of the city of Columbus. 

The importance of Miss Griffin's 
eiection—it was by. popular vote—is 


when the appointment or election of | magnified through the condition that 


the commission form of government is 
also new in Columbus, and the five 


commissioners will have the added g 


responsibility of giving Columbus 
good government and proving at the 


rame time that the new form is bet- ° 


' date and her election 
| given 


ter than the old. 

The choice of Miss Griffin as a 
nominee for the board of commission- 
ers and ber election are. particularly 
interesting, in that it was the vote of 
the women of Columbus which secured 
the commission form. 

The record of the ballots proved 
that the women exerted not only the 
balance of power, but cast a large 
part of the vote, 

Miss Griffin's selection as a candi- 
seems tu have 
as much satisfaction to the 
male electorate in Columbus, however, 
as the female, and she begins her 
term of office with apparently no 
prejudice to put down because of her 
sex. 

According to many comments con- 
cerning Miss Griffin's entrance upon 
the political life, she holds the yni- 


versal respect of her fellow ¢itizens 
and the admiration of all those who 
bave worked with her in the many 
activities which have held her interest. 

She is a clubwoman and conserva- 
tive and constructive in her attitude 
towards every movement In which she 
takes part. 


Cedartown, 


The Cedartown Woman’s clul 
rendered substantial aid Ac the ‘oan 


political office | equip 


M0 public library just erected 

|Cedartown. The elub donated $1.10) 
toward the building fund, and has 
voted to sponsor the library daring 
the upe year in buying needed 


tue meeting will be made one of ®@ 


the chairman to be appointed by Mrs. . 


“ee wats \ a ee % . ae ‘ ¥ a + i 5 g¥ i wes BPS x 
a Zz” Pee Tne Oe «= Ss Re OE RE ne eee oh Ee ae kre G9 > as . ae f ns ” te 4 Bee Sri erg as etegiy : © Bees : =. Pt an Es . a Ward wal Se sa Sars wee tg YAS: Je my nt 
* ” - ¥ oy “ ed > Z a 
< =) a Be =a, At oe >t i Y Ln 
’ a= Vie te " > ba SS Sp 
? s : a e 2s Py ie > ae > an ; ; ; ; ’ SRE pa 8! 
5 iy ree 4 : - , : fot oe oe | BEA i, A te tes te es 5 eb as 2 hs KY FO ad 2 a : y i z ; et : — 
he gt mo re _ 4 Pe has - 4 a eh : hes vey RY fe bn re f meekae — ER - Oi. ae - ta fi be - 7 ~ 4 
? : ; F, . ce : a4 ; Why Fy, kp Gee SS Fe es / ; ; 
. > : so" Ws og el a ae, hii aS Fh ERR nad Bre | Ske: ¥ ae P A 3 RR Sse Se OT ® : Fe De EUS oe © ate ; ‘ a. : ate: Ae ; ee Car Dearne Sy . . a 28 - 3 
E - “< ‘ * : x oF * Ve r Ppa " t ho : > : re a 4 = ; atin re ea Te & Pgh, ase - 3 ‘i ~ ” oy Axe £ ‘ gat ao: ra . : p _ ; ~ 3 
Z f ‘ OM t. oy wat Ba ; ‘ ‘ } uF : d * 
? > : r = . be “ P : < : > ; 
“ a | > . : ‘ 
. * ; ¢ > > 
: 2 : . . « ‘ il ie 4 
> cy y * 
? . ‘ 


BY LOUISE DOOLY ) 


Ketine the Faith 
Women’s Part for Peace 


It has been the women writers who have sounded some of the 
most significant notes in special articles concerning the arms con- 
ference, 

Partly this is because the women are more intense in their desire 
for peace, 

More important is the other reason; and that is, that the women 
have faith, They are praying. Corra Harris expressed it in “My 
Son,” and the idea is that women when they pray do not limit their 
pleas to the reasonable, the natural, the possible. They have a higher 
faith. They ask for the desirable, even though to mere rational minds, 
the desirable may seem the impossible. 

Ida M. Tarbell, who shows a very substantial knowledge of what 
she is talking about, tells a little incident of the feeling of the Chinese 


for America. 

“For over sixty years,’ writes Miss Tarbell, “we have been China’s 
avowed protector—ever since in 1858 we signed the quaintly worded 
compact—They (the United States and China) shall not insult or op- 
press each other for any trifling cause so as to produce an enstrange- 
ment between them, and if any other nation should act unjustly or op- 
pressively, the United States will exert their good offices on being in- 
formed of the case to bring about an amicable arrangement of the 
question, thus showing their friendly feelings.’ ” 

And then Miss Tarbell makes the significant little statement: 

“Faith in the protection of the United States has worked its way 
far inland, to the very sources of the Yellow and the Yangtze rivers. 
1 am told that many Chinamen in those distant.places, who never have 
looked on a white face, will point to the Stars and Stripes and say 
‘our friends.’ ” 

The United States started out very boldly; so boldly that the 
skeptics who had been busy before the conference planting those seeds 
of suspicion and doubt which it takes the hardiest growth of courage 
and determination to live through, were surprised for a time almest 
into silence. 

Rationalism was not long creeping into the conference, however. 
Even the United States has grown deferential to doubts. 

But why might we women not keep before us the little story of 
the Chinese and their belief in us as a constant text to maintain our 
steadiness of faith with which to bear upon the conference the weight 

of our desire? 

It would seem that the most hardened diplomatists, wedded to the 
pagan theory of the survival of the fittest, and regarding as weak sen- 
timentality any other conception of the uses of the weaker nations, 
than as door mats for the stronger, would see the practical value of 
preserving this other attitude among nations. 

The rationalistic belief in the survival of the fittest had a consid- 
erable jolt in the results of the late war, when superior “fitness” in- 
terpreted itself unmistakably as spiritual rather than brute force or 
the impulsion of materialism. 

The Chinese people (this does not refer to her diplomatists) evi- 
dently have confidence in us because we have not exploited them. 

Why may not the women of the United States urge upon the wom- 
en of all the great powers that this same attitude must be universal; 
the attitude of friendship to the weaker nations, and the development 
of a fine sportsmanship among the powers for the trade of these weaker 
nations to take the place of intimidation and graft? 

The women of ail nations would join us in such propaganda, even 
though diplomatists would protest that it isn’t done this way accord- 
ing to all the traditions of their craft. 

The women need only keep their faith; pray, for their prayers, 
again be it said, they do not limt to the reasonably attainable; they 
credit their God with greater power—and add to their faith and prayer 
the good works of constant knocking at the door of peace. They 
believe that the words were not idly said, “Ask and it shall be opened 
unto you.” 


Business Woman Devises 


" Budget for Fa amily With Nscdaieets Income 


Salar y42400.02 


INCOME 


Total Income 42600. 22 


CWC 


~ Rent 4502 Monthly 


12.50 Monthly 


Church and Charity 


Food 410.9 Weekiy 


SS 


MO Q@G 


b+——— 420 


EXPENSES 


535.22 Monthly 


Doctor-and Dentisis 


12 Months 


Interest in the budget plant suita- 
ble for any organization of women, 
which was published on this page 


Impulsive Spending Cure 


“Impulsive spending,’ the term does 


not have to be explained. All of us 
know what it. means, and we know 
that it very frequently follows upon 
a long and Puritanical spell of econ- 
omy crying for a reward. We know 
also that it is usually followed by a 
Puritanical relapse brought about by 
the middle period—‘impulsive spend- 
ing.” 

The expression came from an in- 
structor-observer otf the telephone 
company it Atlanta, Miss Mary RKob- 
inson, who is also a chairman for the 
local 302 of the telephone association. 
She was elected to this latter office 
betause of her excepticral qualities, 


and inversely, it is these same quali- | 


ties which are extending her influence 
far beyond her own local. 

In fact, Miss Robinson, of her own 
initiative is doing two very big things 
in the interest ot the women who 
earns her own living. 

She has inspired the composition of 
a budget especially designed for the 
members of the telephone association, 
but equally as well suited an any 
business or professional woman, and 
capable of any amount of expansion or 
contraction. 

She has also initiated a system of 


co-operative buying among-the women | 


employees of the ‘telephone company, 
by which they secure at wholesale | 
prices their standard articles of cloth- 
ing. i) 


A New Year’s Hint. 


The story of the budget had its be- 
ginning in Miss Robinson's Christmas | 


xreetings to the members of her local. 
Instead of sending them a stereotyped 
enard, with the conventional good 
wishes, 


ness, 
reward of sacrifice. “It may necessi- 
tate going without some of the things 
you have set your heart upon,” she 
wrote to her co-workers, “but it will 
pay you in the long run, more than 
you can possibly realize now.” 

Four reasons she gave why they 
should learn to, save: 

“First: You;want to be independent 


The Easiest Way 
To End Dandruff | 


There is one sure way that never 
fails to remove dandruff completely, 
and that is to dissolve it. This de- 
stroys it entirely. To do this, just get 
about four ounces of plain, ordinary 
liquid arvon: apply it at night when 
retiring; use enough to moisten the 
senlp and rub it in gently witn the 
linger tips. 

By morning, most if not all, of your 
dandruff will be gone, and three or 
four more applications will completely 
dissolve and entirely destroy every 
single sign and trace of it, no maiter 
how much dandruff you may have. 

You will find. too, that all itchirs 
and digging of the scalp will stop in- 
stantly,.and your hair will be flutty 
lustrous, glossy, silky and soft, and 
look and feel a hundred times better 

You can get liquid arvon at any 
drug store. It is inexpensive, and four 
ounces is all you will need. This sim- 
ple remedy has never been known te 
fail.—(adv.) 


FOR GOOD COAL 


And Service Call 


J. B. MORGAN 
Main 5993 
Corner E. Hunter and Fraser Sts. 


E.A. MORGAN'S 


Seamless Gold Wedding 
Rin 


ee 


—_7"" 


| There's eoomomy in 2 fow stege round the corner 


she took the trouble to write | 
them a letter with a real message, the ! 
burden of it a wish for their happi- ! 
the splendid kind- which is the | 


»in a fianl paragraph. 


(and 
now 


instead of always anxiously awaiting 
the next pay day. 

“Second: You want to enjoy some 
of the privileges to which every wom- 


an is entitled—for example, a vaca- | 


tion, made happier because you have 
funds enough to enable ysu to travel 
as you would like to do, or a Christ- 
mas full of good cheer for you and 


< . . 
> ns 
. > oe ~ . 
»% . on a 4 
P ” . + “ 
4 ~ ae “<> - , 
~ ‘ . . y d 


Photo by Walton Reeves. 
MISS MARY ROBINSON, 
Instructor-observer of the telephone | 


company, who has originated a 


__ budget sc heme for her ¢ co- workers. 


others becs ause 
count to draw upon. 

“Third: You want to be ready for 
the inevitable ‘rainy day.’ ”’ 

An Alluring Thought. 

And then came the most alluring 
thought of all: 
“Fourth: 
when many of you will be looking 
forward to a bridal trousseau—and 
then what joy there will be in the 
thought that vou have a tidy sum 
laid by in a sate investment or in the 

savings bank.’ 

There was a keen bit of psychology 
“After Christ- 
shall tell you more about this 
plan for being happy and indepen- 
dent,” thus clothing the whole sub- 
ject with the glamour of curtosity. 

Miss Robinson had chosen her time 
well, .or the employees were allowed 
to draw a week's salary in advance, at 
Christmas time, which resulted, natu- 
rally, in the “impulsive spending” 
Christmas week, which has brought 
everybody back to the Puritanical 
stage, the week after. She sought 
advice from the personnel department 
of the telephone company about the 
best method of meeting a real desire 
on the part of ber fellow workers to 
accept the suggestions in her Christ- 
mas letter, and they gladly co-operated 
in working out for her the details of 
an ideal budget. 

That women who earn their own 
living, in whole, or in part, are learn- 
ing to save has another proof in the! 


mas | 


| fact that a large part of the women 


| membership in the telephone associa- 
tion is buying telephone stock on the 
privilege plan instituted by the com- 
pany, and at least seventy-five per 
cent are interested in the budget plan, 
the idea of Christmas savings 
being promoted by the local 
banks. 


Bond Election. 


school . building. The vote was 


for bonds and 31 against. 
band and parade of the 


over the top. 


~~ Se ee ee 


There will tome a time : 


Villa Rica, Ga., January 7.—(Spe- 
cial.)—Villa Riea held a bond election 
today for $40,000 to build a <2 
A brass 
entire faculty 
and pupils aided in putting the issue 


| 


last Sundey, has brought about a num- 
ber of requests for a similar instru- 
ment by which the family may visual- 
ize its finances. The organization 
budget presenting, as it did, in picture 
form, the way one organization is. 
meeting its obligations, and the story 
embodied in this budget which showed 
how the organization was made to 


\ing out budgets for the better handling 


$200.9 Savings 


realize that through its old haphazard 
bookkeeping and raising of funds, it 
would always be poverty stricken, 
brought out the statement from one 
woman prominent in organization life 
that she expects to boost this system 
in every club with which she has any 
influence, and club husbands were so 
impressed as to be prodder to work- 


of the family income, with the corroll- 


ary checking of the outgo. 


. Lifegccident and Fire Insurance 


Laundry and Help 75% Weekly 
< Clothes, Shoes and H.H.up keep 


— Carefare 43.2 Weekly 


Amusement, Books and Edu cation 


In response to requests, a budget is 
published today which could be ex- 
panded or contracted to meet a very 
large income or one indefinitely small. 
r 


er. 

A budget specifically for the use of 
the business woman, whether she is 
making her first money, or whether 
she is supporting a family, will be the 
third in the series of budgets, this 
last to be published next Sunday. 


Activities for 


The Week 
At TY. W.iC, A. 


Now that their Christmas activities 
are over the regular schedule of the 
Y¥. W. C. A. is being followed. The 
gymnasium classes are meeting regu- 
larly, the girls’ basketball team is in 
training, the room registry is busy 
placing girls and families in suitable 
living places in the city, the employ- 
ment bureau is being overrun by giris 
seeking employment, and the girls’ 
clubs and the girl reserves have again 
gotten down to regular work. Mon- 


en 


| 


| conduct a Bible lecture course for the 


{ 
{ 


| 


there is a bank ac-;. 


' day, the Y, W. board of directors will 


hold their all-day monthly meeting at 
the “Y,’ Peachtree Arcade. Mrs, 
— Davis, president, will pre- 
side. 

There is no course of study that is 
enjoyed by the Y. W. giris’ clubs 
more than Bible talks and lectures. 
Beginning Tuesday night, Dr: W. J. 
Young, of Emory university, will speak 
to the Y. W. League of Clubs on 
the “Faiths of Primitive Mankind.” 
The association will serve the league 
supper at 6 o’ciock, and Dr. Young 
will speak from 6:45 to 7. The league 
is comprised of the four business 
women’s clubs of the association that 
meet a8 a body once a month, at 
which time they are addressed by a 
leading citizen of this community. For 
the coming six weeks, Dr. Young will 


“Y” clubs. The meetings will _be held 
every Tuesday night, from 5:45 to 
6:30 o'clock, and are open to the pub- 
lie. The speaker's theme will be 

“The Faiths of Mankind.” 

Dr. C. B. Wilmer, for the month of 
January, will conduct every Friday 
evening a vesper service, beginning at 
6:40 o'clock and lasting 20 minutes, 
for the girls in the Y. W. home, 56-62 
West Baker street. The vespers for 
the home are conducted by a different 
minister for each month as his con- 
Me to the religious work of the 

Tuesday morning, Mrs. EB. R. Kontz, 
Y. W. chairman of membership, will 
have a meeting of the Y. W. member- 
ship committee. At this time the Y. 
W. chairmen of all Atlanta churches 
meet with Mrs. Kontz to make reports 
of the members of their respective 
churches who have joined the Young 
Women’s Christian association. 


Opening Dance at 
Metropolitan Club. 


An event that promises mach pleas- | 
ure to the dancing set of Atlanta is 
the announcement by the Metropolitan 
club of its opening dance, which will 
take place at Roseland hall, corner 
Peachtree and Cain streets, Monday 
evening from 9 until 2 o'clock, when 


two orchestras, Jax and LaFells, will 
provide continuous the 


Mrs. Albert E. Thornton, Sr., 


ACTIVITIES OF CLUBS 
IN CITY FEDERATION 


president; Mrs. 
president; Mrs. Arthur Harris, second vice president; Mrs. 
ings, recording secretary; Mrs. George Varden, corresponding secretary: 
Mrs. J. B. McCrary, treasurer; Mrs. Lee Ashcraft, auditor. 


Ulric Atkinson, vice, 
H. G. 


music for 
dancers. This dance has been planned 
as on Oriental affair and the hall will | 


| be ‘appropriately decorated. witb Chi- | 


i nese and 


| 


: ed to atten 


nese colors, while fans, 
wigs will be in abund- 


parasols a” 
undred guests are expect- 


ance, Five 


Admittance by invitation card only. 


D. O. K. K. TO INSTALL 
OFFICERS WEDNESDAY 


On Wednesday arenes. Kibla tem- 
le, No ben sy O. K. K., will give a 
nguet to its mth. So and install 

officers for 1922. It is expected that 

the attendance will be large. 
Newman Laser, one of the best- 
known secret and fraternal order men 


in the south, will be installed as the 


royal vizier, the heade of the temple. 
A the installation he will read the 
the appointments of his committees. | 


Shorter College Club of Atlanta | 


The Shorter College club was or- 
ganized in November, 1920, at Mrs. 
Harold Cooledge’s home. The prin- 
cipal speakers here for the organi- 
zation was Dr. A. W. Van Hoose, 
president of the college; Paul Coop- 
er, chairman of trustees; Walker 
Brooks, a trustee; Mrs. Mark Coop- 
er, president of Alumnae associa- 
tion: Miss Cordelia Veal, executive 
toard of Alumnae association, 
Mrs. Paul Cooper, honorary presi- 
dent of alumnae. 

The club is just a branch of the 
but the mem- 


and 


Alumnae association, 
bers include all who attended the 
college for one year. The object of 
the organization is to keep up with 
the old girls or former students, 
so that they will not lose interest 
in the college nor let the collge lose 
interest in them. 

The officers are Mrs. Harold Cool- 
edge, president; Mrs. Little Funk- 
houser, first vice president; Mrs. 
Claud Shewmake, second vice presi- 


dent; Mrs. J. C. Erwin, secretary, 
Mrs. Robert Mitchell, treasurer. The 
executive board is composed of the 
officers and Mrs. Royston Cabaniss, 
Mrs. John S. Owens, Mrs. Walter G. 
Cooper, Miss Frances Brown, Miss 
Marian Van Dyke. 

The work of the club at present 
looks toward aiding the fund for a 
gymnasium building. Later, the 
college endowment fund and schol- 
arship work will be taken up. 


| 


HAROLD CUOLEDGE, 
of the 


MRS. 


President 


Club of Atlanta, which 


Women’s Clubs. 


Southern Woman Composer 
Featured in Concert Here 


In the concert presented yesterday 
by the Atlanta Music club, there 
were two unusual circumstances be- 
sides the beauty of the program which 
distinguished’ the event. One was 
the social feature introduced in the 
informal reception and tea, which fol- 
lowed the concert, and the other was 
the reputation of the old saying about 
the prophet without honor in his 
own country, for the four artists were 
from a southern institution and our 
neighbor state, Rollins College-Con- 
servatory, of Winter Park, Fila. 

Susan Dyer, director of the con- 
servatory, whose musical works form- 
ed the program, has also frequently 
found her thematic material her dom- 
inant rhythms from success immedi- 
ately around her, like the spirituals 
and comic songs of the plantation ne- 
gro; slte has built upon Seminole In- 
dain times; and in her nocturnes has 
painted Florida nights redolent with 
the perfumes of tropical bloom. 

No less aperotinn Ee. than these, how- 
ever, were her m — of 
four of thé most ‘iguificant of Edna 


a pe 


St. Vincent Millay’s short.—<oems, 
“Figs From Thistles.” 


Of these poems it has been said 


that one must be a little smart and | 


a little wicked to discern fully their 
clever and at the same time deli- 
cate cynicism, and it may, with sim- 
ilar truth, be said that Miss Dyer 
has well translated their slightly 
acrid, but wholly deligl.tful spirit into 
‘her musie. 


Miss Jean Knowlton, soprano, with | 
Miss Marion Rous, at the piano, made 
the quartet, with poet and composer, | 
to previde a little suite of modern | 


cleverness which was most piquant 
and pleasing. 


Miss Rous, an authority on modern | 
music, who has made herself a fa- | 
vorite here on the occasion of fermer | 


visits, and Miss Maria Elise Johnson, 
violinist, who is a pupij, by the way, 
of Leopold Auer with Mrs. Knowl- 
ton, a singer of voeal skill and in- 
terpretive taste. were the trio givinz 
the works of Miss ay which were 
another proof that the American 

‘the woman composer nee 


: Georgia Tech, 


‘Women Are Urged 


To Pick Use for 
West Point Fund 


The West ‘Point refund executive 
committee appointed from the depart- 
ment of woman’s affairs of the cham- 
ber of commerce, will meet some time 
in the near future for the purpose 
of taking under consideration the 
request and suggestions that have 
been made for the disposition of the 
West Point refund, amounting to 
$2,600. Up to date about twenty 
requests and suggestions as to the 
disposal of this money has been re- 
ceived. 

Mrs. Archibald Davis, who is chair- 
man of this committee, announces 
that any one in the city is at lib- 
erty and invited to make suggestions 
as to the disposition of this fund. 
She urges that all desiring to make 
suggestions do so in writing and 
mail to Mrs. Charles C. Dowman, 
care of the Atlanta Chamber of Com- 
merce, No requests will be considered 
unless they are in writing. 

The executive committee is com- 
posed of Mrs. Archibald Davis, Mrs. 
R. K. Rambo, Mrs. C. E. Dowman. 
Mrs. Samuel Inman and Miss Laura 
Smith, chairman of the department 
of woman’s affairs, and Mayor James 
L. Key are ex-officio members of this 
committee, 


The West Point refund was turned 
over to the department of woman’s 
affairs of the Atlanta Chamber of 
Commerce to dispose of by Mayor 
James L. Key. The requirements nec- 
essary to spend this money are: 

First—That it will encourage the 
fine spirit of West Point and ce- 
ment the friendship of the two cities. 

Second—That it must be spent for 
the good of the public-at-large in 
keeping with the purpose for which 
the fund was donated. 

Third—The manner in which the 
money is spent must have the ap- 
proval of the mayor, representing the 
city of Atlanta. 

This committee will meet at an ear- 
ly date and decide upon some way 
of spending this fund which will be 
recommended to the larger commit- 
tee composed of twent¥-five or more 


members of the department of wom- 


an’s affairs, upon the request of the 
mayor. 


Miss Crawley 
Is Entertained, 


Miss Mary Crawley, a visitor from 
West Point, Ga., was deligatfully en- 
tertained at a number of theater par- 
ties during the Christmas holidays. 

Miss Crawley was given a party at 
the Metropolitan theater by her 
friends last Tuesday evening. An- 
other party at the Criterion theater 
was also given in honor of this vis- 
itor. The guests included Miss Mary 
Crawley, Miss Martha Crowe, Miss 
Margaret Baugh, Miss Vivian Rus- 
sell, Miss Nellie Joe and Louise Simp- 
son. 


Miss Crawley has now returned to | 
her home in West Point, where she | 
is teaching in the West Point High | 


school. 


WATKINS TO DISCUSS 
NEW ATLANTA CHARTER 


Edgar Watkins, councilman from 
the eighth ward, will deliver an ad- 


‘dress this afternoon before the Junior 


Hast: | 


Order United American Mechanics at 
its hall, 28 1-2 Capitol avenue, on 
his proposed new charter for Atlanta. 
The meeting wil) be under auspices 
of the good of the order committee 


stantial part in making modern mu- 
sic a period to be reckoned with. 

Afternoon tea was served after the 
concert, when the artists were in- 
troduced by Mrs. Charles Dowman, 
president of the club, and Miss Naa 
Stephens, concert director, while the 
officers and directors assisted in en- 
tertaining. 

W. G. Perry, of the faculty of 
made a brief talk be- 
fore the concert, explaining the mean- 
ing and value of the Music club in 
Atlanta’s cultural life and urging aR 
support of it more broadly in keep- 
ing with its place in education and 
high-class entertainment. 


LOUISE DOOLY. 


‘there. 


Atlanta Woman Now Heads 
Libraries of Army Corps 


bi = a r 
’ . ¢ 
’ - ~ eek 
; . >> 
: ee) _ 
- 8 
ms bak a = 
w” : re ’ i ar t"s $ 
. a 4 p Ph XT. 
‘ ~ ~ . et 
} Ae ee ee To: ; } Coy 
R44 a ac. Se spe A a ee 
Geta las Ee yak ee ig Py le Pd: : he BSN iy Bie Te aig, 
eS oe ne Me ee Pe es a aie pr the ‘Ri. » 
2 er ty . ” , Y 


An impcrtant appointment in li- 
brary work has recently been secured 


by a prominent Atlanta woman, Miss 
Rosalie Howell. She has been mate 
librarian of the Second Corps Area, 
United States army, which gives her 
charge of twenty-three librarise, situ- 
ated in New York, New Jersey, and 
Connecticut, and including also, Porto 
Rico. 

The facts of Miss Howell's appoint- 
ment are rather interesting, in that 
she was merely visiting friends on 
Governor's Island, when the libraian 
of the second army corps resigned. 


the place, spoke for it, and had the 
appointment given her in twenty-four 
hours. This promptness had to be 
checked up by Washington, however, 
and Miss Howell was asked to report 
She had no difficulty in prov- 
ing her preparedness for the position, 
since she had graduated several years 
ago from the Library Training school. 
Carnegie Library of Atlanta, and 
while she had given up the immediate 
idea of following this profession in 
order to take up that of nursing at 
the beginning of the war, in 1914, yet 
she had administrative experience 
through her varied and outstanding 
opportunities during that great strug- 


gle. 
Duties of Post. 

Absolutely no influence was brought 
to bear to secure the appointment for 
Miss Howell. In fact, she did not 
inform her family and friends until 
after all details had been settled. 
Her own equipment for the work se- 
cured the appointment, 
It will be a part of her duty to 
inspect and keep in running order all 
the libraries within her jurisdiction. 
She will train the soldiers detailed 
to do library work to do it correctly. 


Miss Howell decided sne would like; 


She will buy the books, send them 


out and keep all the supplies shipped 
to the libraries. The surplus stock 
at Governors Island, which will be her 
headquarters, is almost 16,000 beoks. 

The library, as it is now run, is an 
innovation in the army, but it is® 
being properly installed and the li- 
brarian will have complete authority 
in her own realm. 

The institution of library work now 
comes under the educational and ree- 
reational department of army activi- 
ties, which is a new thing developed 
during the war, but it is being handled 
with excellent precision. 

It is an outgrowth of war-time ex- 
perience which proved the value of 
educational and recreational work as 
a medium for the raising of army 
morale and the standard of the per- 
sonnel of the rank and file. 

War Department Schools. 

The first school ever conducted by 
the war department to give the nec- — 
essary guidance in educational and 
recreational work, was held in ws 7 
tember, 1920, at Camp Grant, Mich 
gan, when the instructors or directors 
of the various activities were students 
at a school, the object of which was 
to develop the best methods of stand- 
ardizing the work over the entire 
country. A school for chaplains, in 

which the army clergy might learn 
specialized equipment for their work, 
was included, 

The officers were given instruction 
by the foremost educators in the coun- 
try in pedagogical methods, and the 
civilians were taught army usages.. 
Both together were given lectures in 
the methods of procedure during the 
late war. by the originators of those 
methods, by such men as the secre- 
tary of war, General Crowder, Gen- 
eral Wood, ete. 


| MEETINGS | 


The Atlanta chapter, U. D. C., will 
hold a ward meeting Tuesday morn- 
ing at 10 o’clock at St. Mark’s church. 


The Atlanta chapter, U. D. C., will 
hold «a regular meeting Thursday aft- 
ernoon at 3 o'clock at St. Mark’s 
church. 


The Woman’s Union Bible class will 

meet Thursday morning at 10 o'clock 
in the Inman Park Methodist Sunday 
school room. A large attendance is 
desired. Mrs. T. R. Kindall will talk 
on the Book of St. John. 
East Atlanta chapter, No. J08, O. 
S., will hold their regular meeting 
evening, January 10, 1922, 
Installation of officers 
All members 
invited. 


E. 
Tuesday 
at 7:30 p. m. 
for the ensuing year. 
of the order are cordially 


A regular meeting of Atlanta chap- 
ter, No. 57, O. E. 8&.. will be held on 
Friday evening, January 13, gat 7:30 


o'clock in the W. D. Luckie lodge 
room, corner Lee and Gordon streets. 
Annual installation of officers will 
be held and all members of the order 
welcome. 


A regular meeting of Oglethorpe 
chapter, No. 122, Order of the Eastern 
Star, will be held in the Masonic tem- 


ple, Buckhead, Wednesday evening at 
7:30 o'clock. All qualified members — 
of the order cordially invited. 


Mr. Steed Gives Dance. 


Doyle Steed entertained a uumber 
of his friends at an informal dance 
given at his home in West End Sat- 
urday evening in honor of Mr, and 
Mrs. Carl Martin, whose marriage 
was a recent event. 

Among the guests were Misses 
Kathlyn Blount, Grace Boyd, Leah 
Martin, of Macon; Evelyn Browh, 
Artell Self, Helen Rowe, Vera Brown, 
Frank Owens, H. L. Woolley. Clyde C. 
Brannon, George Garrison, Fred Bar 
nett, of Pittsburg: Lonnie Smith and 
Cecil Martin, of Cincinnati, Ohio. 


January FUR SALE 


25% to 50% Reduction on All Furs 
EXPERT REMODELING 


PICTURE 


65 South Broad Street 


Frames, Mirrors, Parchment Shades, Art Materials, Statuary and many 
Art Novelties suitable for gifts and decorations. 
see the beautiful line we now carry. 


GEORGIA ART SUPPLY CO. 
licrninathciinbsincielblices «Mati 


FRAMING 


Visit our store and 


Main 4495 


Atlanta 


ATLANTA CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC 


The Foremost School of Fine Arts in the South 
GEO, F. LINDNER, Director 


Peachtree and Broad Streets 


Georgia 


Shorter College 
is affili- 
ated with the City Federation of 


ili 


comment. 


taking eub-} | 


above the waist w 


ORSET 


To meet the requirements of present condi- 
tions, this new Nemo Self-Reducing Corset 
is now put on sale in all good stores at a 
price way below the regular prices of Nemo 
Corsets; so they remain as they always have 
been, within reach of every woman. 


In quality, shape and durability No. 444 is in every respect 
equal to the best Nemo Self-Reducing Corset ever made. 


For over twenty-five years the merits of their scientific 
reducing and reshaping features 
appreciated by stout women that they need no further 


REDUC 


ING 


have been so much 


-E 


SSIERF 


ea Lowest Priced Circlet for Stout Women 
Ever Sold Before was Priced $1.5 


This model is self-ad oye and does for the stout woman 


Self-Reducing Corset does 


_ below. They should be worn together. 


for the most economi 


the 
fomake a substant 


A Great Soe tin 


In 


tal ving | 


clined | 


Y Stout Woman's 
MONEY SAVING. SALE 


ee SS PPO ey ae 
—_ e wr 
‘ : . ¥: a. - 


sé ae 


Pb SARE 
ee ga 


ete 
Nae os , io a 
Be 4 oy 4 », tity 
. . 


| : 


4 ik xf 
: tae ae ag, ter fm : ee RS 
, bs 4 as = x ey mel 4 ¢ . 3 : 
At: 4 aie pad : $ ” 5 a A tf me : ote © = as ty " 
: Ais ; > w. - ~ - oe. * Da a tid — ob ts F ud ie Fae i SO ode 
~y af sy t a 
aceeennemeeeimmmet = . ex 


%. 
‘ 


CONSTITUTION, 


a 
" 


‘THE CONSTITUTION’S PARENT-TEACHER PAGE : 


ee ‘e ae ‘ rt Mae 
Se en alan 3 ita Ang 
. > _— “ - Sie 
2 ee a ek OR. ae 
; x 3 * 
; ate ay 
z Fs : 
“ 
a 


nue RA A 


Edited by 
x: Bessie Shaw Stafford. 


OFFICERS GEORGIA PAKENT-TEACHER ASSOCIATION—Mr s. Charles Hilbun, president, Macon; Mrs, Charles P. Ozburn, executive secretary; Mrs. Charles Goodman, recording secretary, Atlanta: Mrs. Z. V. Peterson, corresponding secretary, Atlanta; Mrs. John Glenn, 
‘treasurer, Decatur; Mrs J. B. Hutton, auditor, Savannah; Mrs. Jobn W. Rowlett, historian, Atlanta. ) 
OFFICERS OF ATLANTA PARENT-TEACHER COUNCIL—Pres ident, Mrs. Frank McCormack; vice president, Mrs. R. M. Walker; secretary, Mrs. W. P. Warren; treasurer, Mrs. Z. V. Peterson; correspon jing secretary, Mrs. D. S. Wise. 


Parent- Teacher Work Of Dental Clinic Will Open 
-* North Avenue Is Reported) At Grant Park January 16 


i. 


Consolidated Schools in Georgia's System 


|. «Mrs. John Thompson presided over 

a : Parent-Teacher 
— meeting Friday afternoon. 

aS - Dudley Glass, treasurer, re- 

a balance on hand of $116.97. 

Hollingsworth’s grade, seventh, 

Jjwon the attendance prize for having 


“hs, 


~~ 


eess meeting was over. 


Pe 


+ 


~ % 


hs 


_-& 
, 


Ps 


eligi aaah a C9 bee ee SS cle ONE en 
Pr og a Py Aan rie See > Pee Gh nc Ake te vn oe eer tite : at 
z a de! ee : ae pa . 

‘ rn ‘ 


ot 


1 


me 
) 
i dy 3 
Se 
ce 
> eS 
% 


2S ia 
J 

a hs 
thes 
HE 


— 

re > 
ay 
ig 
) 


seem. o 
«nae . 
4 2 
“3 


Boy 
5. 
i 
Ee. 
“4 


~S 
. 


Be 
is 


 pubgs bar. 


‘the North Avenue 


the most mothers present. 
? Committee Reports. 
‘ Miss Ella Swillie, principal, 


clothing to 


an- 
mounced that the relief committee had 
~ gent bundles of 


Faith 
Street school. Miss Swillie also said 


hold good in future. Mrs. Thompson 
read a letter from Mrs. Alonzo Rich- 


to serve on the Better 
Films committee. The president ap- 
pointed Mrs. J. H. Christian. It was 
decided to retain membership to the 
Atlanta City Federation ef Women’s 
Clubs. 

Mrs. Thompson requested all mem- 
bers to attend the meeting of the At- 
lanta council of Parent-Teachers next 


the school 


children whose mothers brought them 
with them. This same provision will 


ardson requesting’ a representative of 


that the supplies for the school medi- 


cine chest which she was authorized to 
Purchase at the December meeting, 


were donated by Albert Waldron. 


Mrs. Albert Waldron, chairman of 


reported 
@ ladies actively work encour- 
aging large attendancé at meetings. 
Mrs. L. W. Purdy, chairman of 
the press committee, stated earnest ef- 
forts of her associates in getting 
notices in the papers, before and after 
meetings and requested the co-opera- 
tion of all committees in phoning to 
her any school news so that she could 
get the association before the public 
to better advantage. Mrs. J. B. 


the membership oe ie 


‘Peschau called a meeting of the social 


committee. 
“Mrs. J. B. McCord, as chairman 
of a committee which held a rummage 
sale in December, reported a ‘profit 
of $42.10. Mrs. Vaughn reported $40 
taken in by the Christmas carolers. 
Mrs. Thad Morrison reported the sale 
of Red Cross seals at the Ponce de 
Leon stores. Mrs. J. L. Zachray made 
> interesting report of the amount 
meals sold daily at recess—a new 
feature sponsored by the association. 


New Business. 


Mrs. L. W. Purdy requested three 
dozen cups and = saucers and 


Thursday. 

Mrs. A. L. Myers made a motion, 
which carried, that the association 
purchase all needed supplies for 
the various classrooms as requested 
by the teachers. Miss Jane Austen, 
third grade B, asked for a pencil 
sharpener 


Miss Muse Speaks. 


The association is deeply indebted to 
the program committee, with Mrs. S. 
F. Boykin, chairman. Miss Jessie 
Muse, principal of Girls’ High school, 
gave an interesting talk on the Girls 
High. At the conclusion of her 
speech, Miss Swillie, principal _ of 
North Avenue, stated that she hoped 
that all mothers would give the same 
hearty co-operation with Miss Muse 
and the Girl’s High as they have in 
North Avenue. 

Miss Muse touched on the different 
courses of study—academic, college, 
preparatory, normal and home eco- 
nomics, and stated that an effort is 
made to place each girl in line for 


her especial work. She stated that 
the recreation periods in a high school 
girl’s life was amply provided for in 
several clubs, dramatic, writers’ club, 
athletic, French club, and Red Cross. 


She told of the bank, recently estab- 


. » who enjoyed the picture, and 
F y all are very grateful to these 
e 


it was found that Miss Mott's class, 


at 2:30' o'clock, at the school. 
full attendance is urged. 


¥ 


pn, 0 


Pe; 
“4 é 
By» 
r 
p ae 
yy 
: i 


je mfost favorable attention of the Co- 


<3 s 


dozen spoons to facilitate the work 
-of the social committee. Mrs. J. B. 


Péschau was authorized to purchase 


eamne. 


‘The president announced that, two 


young ladies from the normal school 
were in a classroom to entertain the 


two} lished, 


| Tis and managed entirely by the 
‘girls, to teach them financial knowl- 
edge. She stressed her ambition and 
effort to send her girls into the world 
with a better understanding of civics, 
teaching them the proper way to vote. 

The next meeting will be held on 


Ben Hill P.-T. A. 
To Hold Meeting. 


The Ben Hill Parent-Teacher asso- 
ciation met Wednesday and was de- 
lightfully entertained with a moving 
picture furnished by Mr. Berry, of 
the Southern Theater company. John 

n and Harry Hall, of the Consol- 
idated Film company, assisted by Mr. 
istling, of the Delco Light com- 
There were many of the members 
Pesent and also a number of vis- 


who furnished so much enjoy- 
ant. 

ere will be a call meeting on Fri- 

evening, January 15, at 7:30 


o’@ock, at which all the fathers and 
eg are especially requested to 
attend. 


Children Give 


Program for P.-T. A. | 


he Parent-Teacher Association of 

Dliams Street school held the regu- 
laf® meeting Thursday afternoon at 
3-po'clock, with 50 mathers present, 
which was an unusually large num- 

considering the inclemency of the 

ther. Mrs. Joseph Shearer, secre- 
taty, presided in the absence of the 
president, Mrs. Walter Warren, who 
was out of the city. 

Phe children of the first, third, 
fourth and fifth grades gave a most 
interesting program. One of the most 
enjoyable features being the dramati- 
sation of “The Night Before Christ- 
mes,” given by fourth grade IT. 

It was decided to hold a rummage 
sale in the near future and Mrs. 
Granatch agreed to take charge of 
the sale. 

Upon counting the mothers present 


fourth grade II, had the highest per 
cent of attendance. 


Ormewood P-T. A. 
To Meet Friday. 


-The Ormewood Parent-Teacher as- 
sociation will hold its regular meet- 
ing Friday afternoon, January 13, 
A 


Pryor St. P.-T. A. 
Met Thursday. 


The January meeting of the Par- 
ent-Teacher Association of Pryor 
Street school was held Thursday, at 
2:30 o'clock. No speakers were pro- 
wided for the afternoon in order that 
the mothers might visit the teachers 
In their classrooms after the busi- 
This offered 
® splendid opportunity for the par- 
ente and teachers to become better 
acquainted and afforded a very pleas- 
ant social half hour. 


R. E. Lee P.-T. A. 


Elects Officers. 

The ladies of The Rock and Yates- 
‘were invited to attend the meet- 
of the Parent-Teacher associa- 
held January 4, to meet Mrs. 

ankingon, president of the Sixth Dis- 

rict Federation. 
Hankinson is 2 woman of 
rming personality and the address 
iven by her was very much enjoyed 
i@ well as instructive. 
After this address the Upson Coun- 
F¥éderation of Women’s Clubs, was 
tized with the following officers 
- President, Mrs. H. K. Thurs- 
Thomaston; vice president, 
firs. John McDonough, of Yatesville, 
éa.: secretary, Mrs. Louise Stevens, 
@ The Rock, Ga.; treasurer, Miss 
dary, Matthews, of Thomaston, Ga. 
R.-E. Lee Parent-Teacher associa- 
fon joined the State Federation of 
Women’s Clubs some months ago and 
tatesville Library club joined eight 


After the visitors adjourned a short 
aisiness session of the Parent-Teach- 
t association was held. 


the first Friday in February. 


) — 
Questions Answered 

Were the hope chests started at the 
Tenth Street and North Avenue 
schools instigaced by the suggestion 
in your column? 

Is the material collected at the dis- 
posal of other needy Parent-Teacher 
associations? 


3 


NORTH AVENUE 
MELYEUL CHEST: 


af Wien the Nurth Avenue Parent- 
Teacher association began work in the 


lull a relief Committee, which bad been 
discontinued the ijast two or three 
years, Was again put to work. In ap- 
po.nling this comuiittee, the president 
stated tuat on‘avcount of the stringent 
times there wouid duoubtiess be a great 
veal of sutfering and want this year, 
and she knew the parents at North 
Avenue would want to be in a posi- 
t.on to heip relieve this condition. It 
Wag also suggested that a “Helpful 
Chest” be filied with clothing and 
Eept at the school for the use of the 


’ 
7 


a Meats stedts fon 
so |e os iW ye) -~ 


» Pes ’ 


] *.2 

jw *, ° 

- Cet ae 
= 


== 


A typical Georgia consolidated 
school is shown in the above picture 
The state board of health co-operates 
with the Georgia state department of 
education in regard to sanitation in 
the schoolhouse plans. The State 
College of Agriculture co-operates on 
landseape plans, and the architectural 


“*~ om Ne toy 
= 


_ 
ete. he hot en eee a 


Typical Consolidated 


drawing has been done under the 
directiion of Architect Alexander 
Blair, who has made an _ intensive 
study of school conditions and prin- 
ciples. 

Seventy-four consolidated schools 
and 68 accredited county high schools 
to serve the children of the rura! 


communities in Georgia have been 


ee em 


School in Georgia. 


added in twelve months to the educa- 
tional facilities of the state. 

State Superintendent M. L. Brit- 
tain made the standard and specifi- 


cations toward obtaining the requisite} 


state aid for these schools 
mark efficiency and point to the fu- 
ture development of education in 
Georgia. 


The state provides $500 a year for 
each consolidated school, and $1,000 
a ‘year for each accredited high school, 
while the local districts have voted 
more than ten times the state’s allot- 


which} ment, so that the mosi improved stand- 


ards might be obtained, a fact which 
reflects great progress’ throughout 
rural Georgia. 


Lee St. P.-T.A. 
Makes Report 
On 


Lee Street P.-T. A. held the regu- 
lar monthly meeting, Thursday after- 
noon, January 5, Mrs. D. M. Therrell 
presiding. 

Dr. Carl Thompson was the speak- 
er of the afternoon, and the grade 
chairmen gave their reports. The 
bazar, held in December, was under 
the direction of seven grade chair- 
men, and the proceeas have been pre 
sented to the teachers of their re 
spective grades to be used for class 
room needs. The names of the moth. 
ers are, Mrs. Jc B. Montgomery, Mrs. 
A. J. Stewart, Mrs. W. P. Lemmon, 


Mrs. I. D. Young, Mrs. Lytle, Mrs. 
A. W. Mays and Mrs. J. B. Dell. 
Mrs. A. J. Stewart, chairman of 
Miss Frances Anderson’s grade, gave 
that class a beautiful Christmas tree. 
Each child -received fruit, a box of 
candy and a horn. 


Special Class. 


The little special class, taught by 
Mrs. Penn, had a unique and attrac- 
tive booth at the pazar. Their dis- 
play consisted of pretty and substan- 
tial rag rugs which they have made 
in the school room. These rugs were 
made of strips of cretonne, donated to 


Committees 


Lelief committee. 

This idea did not originate with 
this association, and it is impossible 
to state just where it came _ from, 
whether it was from an article in he 
Constitution some time ago or from 
some other Parent-'leacher associa- 
tion; however, it is a splendid idea. 
The “Helpful Chest” at North Ave- 
nue is not a selfish chest, and it gives 
the parents great joy when they can 
serve others. Whenever a call comes 
from eny source where there is real 
need, the relief committee responds 
promptiy, furnishing food, raiment 
and other necessities —Mrs. John T. 
‘l‘hompson. 

TENTH STREET 

HOPE CHEST. 

The Tenth Street school hag al- 
ways responded most generousiy to 
calis for aid for any needy children 
in the Atlanta school eystem, and the 
P.-l. A. contributed a definite sum 
for several years for free lunches for 
undernourished children in another 
school, and also has given books to 
children where the parent could not 
buy same, 


At a recent meeting of the Presi- 


' extended to the Indies who, at 


denis’ club the presidents of the P.-T. 
A.’s were called on for short informal 
talks, and one president from one or 
more needy districts told of how a 
chest had been started in her own 
association and the garments were 
ready to be distributed to those pupils 
in the school who needed them, and 
later thanked the Tenth Street school 
for the aid given in emergencies. 

Whenever there is a-call for cloth- 
sng, the principal, Mrs. Ellie Dunlap 
Newport, and the staff of teachers, 
Lave immediately applied -to some 


mother or mothers likely to have that 
sort and size of garment, probably out- 
grown at home. from which the need 
has been supplied. This plan, of 
course, takes a little time to locate 
the right mother, who, in turn, has 
to resurrect the garment. 


Mrs. Edward McDonald, the presi- 
dent of the Tenth Street school, made 
tlans for definite and regular assist- 
ance to all associations, which were 
in need of clothes. The hope chest 
in Tenth Street school had its be- 
ginning with the president, who real- 
ized the importance of concentrated 
effurt from the teachers, who urged 
the mothers not to pack-the garments 
each season, but to have them ready 
for eall, so when some child in the 
school, struggling for an educafion in 
our schools, needs clothes, instead of 
sacrificing such garments at a rum- 
maze sale. 

Mrs. McDonald likes the word hope 
rather than help chest, because hope 
is the bigger word, and believes that 
without help there would be no hope. 


Davis S treet P.-T. A. 
Met on Friday. 


Willis Battle 


im Lecture-Recital : 


Carolyn Cobb will present Wil- 
Battle, her student in public speak- 
im a lecture-recital on the “Life 
Work of Sydney Lanier.” 
> Battle is the son of Mr. and 
fre. Cariton Battle, of Columbus, Ga., 

js completing his law course at 
university. At the close of each 

, two years at the Emory law 
he has taken the honors of his 
and in his practice with his fa- 
his. vacations he has attracted 


ong 
His friends prophesy for 


The Parent-Teacher Club of Davis 
Street school met Friday afternoon and 
onened with a prayer in concert, led 
by Mrs. Roy C. Jones, the president. 
Mrs. Pinnkett. treasurer, read the 
report and stated that $145.15 was 
clenred onthe December carnival. 
with $100 of that paid on the stereon- 
ticon machine. A motion was made 
and carried that a renresentative be 
present at the Americanization meetine 
on Tnesday morning at the citv hall. 
A welfare committee is to be named at 
the next meeting. 

A program of readings an? a stereor> 
ticon demonstration closed the mevting. 


Fraser Street School 


t future in his chosen 

ttle has had practical expe- 

| speaking not only in 

te and Columbus but elsewhere 

etate. He is also a strident of 

, interpretation. and will illus- 

 tatehis lecture on Lanier with in- 
pprétive reading from his poed-y- 


7 “ 


Rox, ; 73 
’ a ‘ * a . 
Be Ri} Par = 3 : 
OTE. Rac, (rt eames 
ry = 4 on a Agate ae ae ek : re wep +3 
é 7) mee ae Re se a 


Ssh U 


t 
Tn Hold Meeting. | 
The recular monthly meeting of the 
Fraser Street Parent-Teacher | club 
vill be beld on Wedresday, Jatinary 
41. at 3 o'clock, There is to he 


that class by Mrs. H. L. Campbell. 

An expression of appreciation’ wae 
Christ- 
mas time,~contributed baskets to the 
needy families in the mill district. 
Miss Rose Wood, the sixth grade 
teacher, reported that her grade had 
furnished groceries ww one family for 
a week, and Miss Azile Simpson has 
always taken an untiring interest in 
the children of that district. 

Miss Lamar Jeter called the roll 
of mothers by grades and announced 
that Miss Gertrude Pollard’s class 
won the prize for the largest number 
of mothers present in any primary 
grade, and Mrs. Tally for the largest 
number in the grammar grades. Miss 
Imma Wesley, the principal, an- 
nounced that Miss Mann’s class won 
the $2 prize for the highest per cent 
of monthly attendance in the class 


Troon. 
Executive Board. 


The president called a meeting of 
all the grade chairmen and the execu- 
tive board for next Tuesday afternoon 
at 3:30 o’clock in the library of the 
school. Plans for the progress of the 
association will then be discussed. 

A film chairman or representative 
will be appointed from the associa- 
tion to meet with\ the better films 
committee, the aim of which is to 
furnish adequate and suitable amuse- 
ment for the children of Atlanta, 


Picture Program. 
The picture program for next week, 


January 13, under the supervision of 


Mrs. F. W. Hadley, will include 


“Prunella,” an educational film, and a 
cartoon. 
“Prunella” is a clown fantasy from the 
play of the same name by Granville 


The time is 7:30 o’clock. 


Barker. This picture is one of the 


best in which Marguerite Clark has 


starred. ( 
tion will appreciate the continued pa- 


The members of the associa- 


tronage of the people of West End. 


Harris Street P.-T. A. 
In East Point. 


A short business session of the Har- 
ris Street Parent-Teacher association 
was held Thursday afternoon. Mrs. 
W. R. McKibben presided over the 
meeting. On account of illness among 


the members, and the inclemency of the 


weather, a full report could nut be ob 
tained. 


State Street P.-T. A. 
To Hold Meeting. 


The Parent-Teacher Association of 
the State Street school will hold the 
next regualr meeting on January 14, 
at 3. o'clock. 

A cordial invitation is extended to 
all interested. 


Mrs Boykin to 
Speak at Meeting. 


The January meeting of the Inman 
Park Parent-Teacher association will 
be held Friday, January 13, at 2:30 
o'clock, 

Mrs. B. M. Boykin, president of 
the Atlanta Woman's club, will be 
the speaker of the afternoon, and there 
will be other items of interest on 
the progrant. 

The members are urged to be 
prompt, as a short business meeting 
will be held first. 


Church Street P.-T. A. 
In East Point. 


The monthly business meeting of. the 
Parent-Teacher association was held 
in the school anditorium ‘Thursday 
afternoon. Mrs. J. R. Campbell pre- 
sided. Reports from standing com- 
mittees were read. There will be a 
call meeting on Thursday afternoon. 
January 12, for the pores of electing 
a president, as Mrs. V. Donehoo has 
tendered her resignation. Third grade 


a tawel shower for the school i this 
meeting. Mothers are especially jarged 
to 


oe oe ae $ ee Soe Ale = te 
pede, 3 oe a "te Se ee, eee Seat ai .? 
: = 5 Ss P 2 be ae Fi ale , 


A was awarded the cash prize 
largest attendance of mpther 


Atlanta Council P.-T. A. 
To Hold Meeting 


The Atianta council of Parent- 
Teacher associations will meet on 
Thursday afternoon, January 12, at 
3 o’clock in the assembly hall of the 
chamber of commerce. 


All members are urged to attend and 
the principals of the yarious schools 
zre cordially invited to be present. 
Mrs. Frank McCormack, the presi- 
aent of the council, will preside. 


Mrs. F. V. Watkins 
To Give Credit 
Courses in North 


_ Mrs. Fllorence V. Watkins, execu- 
tive secretary of the National Congress 
of Mothers and Parent-Teacher asso- 
ciations, 1201 Sixteenth street, N. W., 
of Wask,-zton, D. C., will give eredit 
courses 12 parent-teacher work at Co- 
lumbia university during the summer 
of 1922. 

est to those who will attend Columbia’ 
during the summer, and Mrs. Charles 
A. Hilbun, state president, has re- 
ceived a letter from Mrs. Watkins 
asking that six copies of The Atlanta 
Constitution’s parent-teacher page be 
sent her to place on exhibition at Co- 


.lumbia during the time she is conduct- 


ing this course. 


Kirkwood P.-T. A. 
To Raise Funds. 


The regular monthly meeting of the 
Kirkwood Parent-Teacher association 
will be held Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 


which plans will be made to further 
the work in connection with the At- 
lanta association. 


A new program will be undertaken 
by the finance committee to raise funds: 
for the ensuing year. <A full attend 
ance of members is\jurgently requested 
as the opinion of all members is de- 
sired in formulating the new plans. 

Kirkwood had one of the best associa 
tions around Atlanta. 


Interesting Meeting 
Of Luckie St. P.-T. A. 


The régular monthly meeting of the 
Lifckie Street Schools’ Parent-Teacher 
association opened with a prayer from 
Rev. W. J. DeBardeleben, followed 
by a song by Mrs. Zorm, accompanied 
at the piano by Miss Irene Landrum. 

A dramatization of the story of Co- 
lumbus was given by the children of 
the two fifth grades. Lee Edward 
Laney starred in this as the hero, Co- 
lumbus, and the supporting cast were 
all good in their roles. 


Miss Dickinson, of the anti-tubercu- 
losis league, spoke of the care of the 
child, illustrating her talk by stereop- 
ticon pictures. This talk, which dealt 
with the contributions modern knowl 
edge has made towards keeping chil- 
dren well and happy, was both helpful 
in its nature and extremely interest- 
ing. 

Of importance in the business of the 
afternoon was the report of the relief 
committee, which announced much re- 
lief work done among the poor during 
Christmas, including distribution of 
food and clothing. 

The social committee reports that 

plans for a carnival, to given near 
the last of the month, are being devel- 
oped, and will be more fully announced 
at a later date. 
Miss Kendrick’s class wins yolley 
ball for having the most mothers pres- 
ent, and Mrs. Armstrong’s class the 
dodge ball. 


ANNUAL MEET HELD 
BY INSTITUTE BOARD 


The annual meeting of the trustees 
and supporters of the Holmes insti- 
tute was heid Friday in the chapel 
of the institute, with Rev. W. J. 
Williams, president.of the board. pre- 
siding. The principal address was 
delivered by I. M. Sheffield, secretary 
of the Industrial Life and Health 
Tnsurance company, who said, “The 
Holmes institute is doing a class of 
work in the city among the colored 
people which no other institution is 
doing. It is training the colored youth 
who would otherwise be feeders for 
the reformatories and ghain gangs.” 
He paid a tribute to fhe work being 
done by President B. R. Holmes. 

Rev. H. D. Canady, presiding elder 
of the Atlanta district, also praised 
the institute. 

Revs. C. G. Gray and J. W Lang- 
ster spoke highly of the work which 
is being done along educational lines 
by the institution among the colored 
people Sf the city. 

Rev. Holmes, in his annual report, 
showed that the institution has made 
great progress during the year 1921. 

The trustees adopted a resolution 
commending the management of the in- 
stitute for its efficierc® handling 
the work of the inst> ~ 

The officers and trustee~"were elect- 
ed for the new year. Rev. J, W. 


for the. 


“e 
. 
> 


Lanester was elected vice 
the board. eee 


—— om 
i * ines ; : 


Ba Fork A ere ie 4 ‘ 
ta eh hg a TS A 


cs 


- ae tia Me ® . 
> wis. Was ie a wg ° . 
- ‘ eat acer °S - 4 wa 
> 3 : " “*& 1 wie Tes ¢ . : 
- Br, mee Meee na tle 
ty et ae . tas oh Ys 2S 
f — 4 a4 : = ay ma p bd “A ae > - 


This course will be of special inter- | 


o’clock in the school auditorium, at. 


president of | reduction 


ws SAL ae re, " Tee oy’ 


| East Point 


Central School. 


The East Point Central school met 
Friday afternoon and Mrs. J. W. Hub- 
bard presided. 

The library committee reported that 
an encyclopedia had been purchased 
at a cost of $170, with $85 in cash al- 
ready paid, and the other $85 payment 
to be met later. Each child in school 
will contribute 5 cents monthly toward 
the second payment. 

Partial reports were read at the 
meetings. Sixth grade A won the $1 
cash prize for the largest number of 
mothers present. 


East Lake P.-T. A. 


Will Meet Friday. 

The East Lake P.-T. club will be 
hold its regular meeting Friday, Jan- 
uary 13, at 3 p. m. The president, 


_Mrs. Albert T. Akers, presided. 


Rev. J. Sprole Lyons will be the 
speaker for the afternoon, and a de- 
lightful musical program has been ar- 
ranged. 

Every member of the club is urged 
to be present, as plans will be outlined 
for the year’s work, 

There will be a meeting of the citi- 
zenship committee of the East Lake 
P.-T. club on Tuesday, January 10 
at 3 o’clock, at the residence of Mrs. 
Guy Shearer. 

A very interesting paper will be 
read by Mrs. Albert T. Akers. All 
members of this committee are earnest- 
ly urged to be on hand promptly. 


Oppose Abolition 


!Village Delivery 


In Mail Service 


BY JAMES A. HOLLOMON, 
Constitution Bureau, 
Raleigh Hotel. 


Washington, January 7.—(By Con- 
stitution Leased Wire.)—Opposition 
to the recommendation of Postmaster- 
General Hays in his annual report for 
the abolition of village delivery mail 
service, was expressed: today by Sena- 
tors Harris*and Watson, of Georgia. 
Numerous communications from pa- 
trons at various Georgia offices have 
been received and they are replying 
to their protests with the assurance 
that they will fight the department’s 
recommendation. Offices like Doug- 
lasville, Abbeville, Manchester, 
Greensboro and several other Georgia 
cities would be affected. 

On the house side, Representative 
Thomas M. Bell, of Georgia, is a 
member of the postoffice committee, 
which will consider the Hays’ recom- 
mendation. He will fight the proposal, 
as will all Georgia members of con- 
gress. 

The report of the postmasier-gen- 
eral shows that villiage delivery serv- 
ice was first created aé an “experi- 
ment” in 1913 with an appropriation 
of $100,000. The appropriation has 
been increased from year to year 
until at present it is $1,500,000 with 
salaries of $1,200 as the present maxi- 
mum. Village delivery has been in- 
augurated at 749 offices with 1,109 
carriers as follows: Second-class of- 
fices, 265; carriers, 
third-class offices with 682 carriers. 

Village delivery is a service first de- 
signed for the convenience of patrons 
without city or rural delivery, and to 
relieve congestion in postoffice lobbies. 


PRESBYTERIANS PLAN 
JANUARY PROGRAM 


Presbyterians of this section have 
planned an. interesting and busy 
schedule for January under the pro- 
gressive program arranged by the 
church for the year. During the cur- 
rent month special attention will be 
given to foreign missions. It is plan. 
ned to organize classes in every church 
for the study of tnis cause, and a 
number of pamphlets have been pre- 
pared on the subject. 

Stewardship will also come in for 
attention, and organization and pro- 
motion of groups for instruction will 
be urged by the pastors. 

Another subject is that of promo- 
tion of the family altar by sermons, 
literature and personal work. This is 
under the direction of the permanent 
committee on Sabbath and family re- 
ligion of ‘the general assembly. It Is 
the desire of the church to establish 
family worship in.every home. 

Literature on all these subjects has 
been assembled and sent out to the 
various churches, 


SHOE WORKERS’ UNION 
APPROVES WAGE CUT 


Lynn, Mass., January 7.—A wage 
reduction of 10 per cent has_ been 
agreed to by the joint council, United 
Shoe Workers of America. it was an- 
nounced today. A3 a condition to ac- 
cepting the reduetion, it was said 
the union would demand that manu- 
facturers in each instance show that 
it would indicate early shoe improve- 
ment. The shoe manufacturers have 
asked for a 20 per cent cut. 

In the counter-making industry. 
the workers offer to a a 14 per 


427, and 484 


cent cut instead of the per cent 


; 
i 4 «ey ef 
a ie bard % 
4 : 
Fad 3 Be, Rte: As 
iy ; ah Fh 
oe Ot See 
: <4 hee 


Decatur High 
P.-T.A Held 
Meeting Friday 


A large number of patrons attend- 
ed the Decatur Higa senool P.-T. A. 
meeting on ‘Thursday afternoon. 

The ways and means committee 
has been doing excellent work, but 
the chairmen, Mrs. J. A. McCrary 
and Mrs. Wilson, were not ready to 
make a report. 

Mrs. Metz, chairman of atheltics, 
reported that two basketballs had 
been bought. 

Mrs. MeMaster, chairman of school 
lunches, serves every day. The moth- 
ers of the pupils of the senior class 
are asked to assist her at the noon 
hour. 

Mrs. Pelot, chairman of the mem- 
bership committee, will begin a con- 
test next week for more members. The 
twu captains for the contest are Mrs. 
Stead, blue, and Mrs. McDowell, gold. 

Miss Cousins, one of the teachers, 
reported progress with the mandolin 
club. 

Two letters of thanks were read 
from the board of education and the 
faculty for the beautiful Georgia flag. 

The plaster casts for interior decor- 
ation have arrived, and after they 
have been placed there will be an un- | 
veiling with appropriate exercises. 

Mrs. Matthews, chairman of the 
lunch2on committee for teachers, with 
her helrers for the afternoon, Mrs, 
Woodruff and Mrs. Cook, served a 
delichtful hot Inuncheon. 

The pleasing numbers presented by 
the prozram committee, Mrs. Sayward 
and Mrs. Green, were greatly enjoyed. 
The first number was two songs by 
Miss Jessie Watts, “Carissima,” by 
Arthur A. Penn, and “Lil’l Moon,” by 
Marshall Bartholomew, rendered in a} 
elear sweet flexible voice. Mrs. S. R. 
Christie, Jr., played the accompani- 
ments. 

The second number was an address 
by Atlanta’s beloved pioneer, P.-T. A. 
worker, who is a former state presi- 
dent and organizer, Mrs. Rowlett. 


Gordon, Goldsmith 


Leave for a Visit to 


Furniture M arkets' 


R. A. Gordon, vice president and 
general manager of the American 
Furnishing company, accompanied by 
H. N. Goldsmith, of the same firm, 
leave today for Chicago and Grand 
Rapids and other points in the mid- 
dle west and the east, with a view to 
selecting all that is new and desirable 
in the furniture line for their house. 

Mr. Gordon stated, before leaving, 
that he hoyes te bring to the city im- 
mediately upon his return some spe- 
cials in the furnishings line that will 
attract many householders. In addi- 
tion to these specials a large line of 
standard furniture will be selected 
for the summer and fall trade, 


BARBERS’ LOCAL 
WILL CELEBRATE 
ITS ANNIVERSARY 


Invitations have been issued to the 
celebration of the twenty-fifth anni- 
versary of Local, No. 25, Journeymen 
Barbers’ International Union of 
America, to be held Monday at the 
Labor temple. An entertaining pro- 
gram has been arrangd and the pub 
lic is invited to attend. 

A feature of the event will be in- 
stallation of the following officers for 
the present year: W. E. Wells, pres- 
ident; J. T. Joiner, vice president; 
Cc. B. Keesling, secretary and treas- 
urer; Manson Miller, recorder; R. C. 
Moreland, guide, and W. R. Mayo, 
guardian. The committee on arrange- 
ments is composed of C. B. Keesling, 
chairman; T. W. Collier, secretary; 
R. E. Rollins, W. D. Langley, M. A. 
Lynn, W. B. Love and C. A. Page. 

Speakers will be W. E. Wells, pre- 
siding officer, and T. W. Collier, and 
the following will appear on a pro- 
gram of entertainment and music: 
Misses Sallie May and Ida Lee Dan- 
iel, Louise Dorongh, Mary K. Je 
rome and Mamie Gene Cole and Paul 
Donehoo and Samuel Clark. 


With Mother on Way 
For Surprise Visit, 
Son Dies on Train 


New York, January 7.—The body 
of Charles Mackillip lay in an unter- 
taker’s establishment here today, 
while his aged mother was in an auto- 
mobile somewhere between Kingston, 
N. Y.. and West Palm. Beach, Fila., 
expecting to pay her som a surprise 
visit. 

Mackillip died on a train coming to 
New York from Florica last Thurs- 
day. Relatives have been unable to 
locgte his mother, who started for 


The monthly meeting of the Grant 
Park Parent-Teacher association was 
held Friday afternoon at 3 o'clock in 
the school building, with Mrs. Clar- 
ence W. Heery, the president, pre- 
siding. 

The co-operation of members is 
greatly shown by the attendance, there 
being 100 present. 

Many interesting talks were made 
for the good of the school. Mr. 
Mitchell and Mr. Adair spoke of the 
necessity of installing a “dental clinic” 
in the school. Dr. Wall. who will be 
in charge of the clinic, also spoke and 
announced it would open Monday, 
January 16. 


business 
Langford and her committee in charge, 


H. H. Bixler, vocational guidance 
director, gave a very interesting tall 
on vocational guidance. 
The following committees were ap. 
pointed: . Miss Inez Durham was 
named as representatives to co-operate 
with the Better Films committee. 
Those appointed to assist | Miss 
Louise Dorough in a community party 
on Friday evening are Mrs, C. C, 
Karston, Mrs. N. A. Langford, Mrs, 
I. E. Wilcox, Miss Mamie Jean Cole 
and Miss Dorothy Harris. 

A social half hour followed the 
meeting, with Mrs. N. A, 


Golden Jubilee 
Will Feature 
School’s Close 


Elaborate Pageant and Ex- 
hibit of 50 Years’ Work | 


Being Planned. 


Atlanta’s public schools will close 
the term next June with a golden 
jubilee celebration featuring an elab- 
orate pageant and exhibit celebrat- 


ing the establishment of the system 
January 21, 1872, fifty years ago, if 
the board of education at its first’ 
1922 meeting Monday adopts the sug- 
gestion of Superintendent W. A. Sut- 
ton. 

As one of the most interesting and 
unique features’ of the celebration it 
‘is panned to bestow diplomas on sur- 
viving members of the first graduat- 
ing class, who did not receive this 
coveted award of graduation at that 
time because the board o* education 
had failed to get the diplomas printed. 

There were five members of the 
first class which a member recalled 
Saturday as being compose. of Frank 
Moses, Pete Schumann, Steve Ryan, 
James L. Logan and Marion Erwin. 
These students had been attending 
private school and graduated in 1873, 
the first year after the Boys’ High 
school was established. 


Larger Class Graduated. 


The next year a much :arger class 
graduated and_ received diplomas. 
Among the members of the 1874 class, 
it is said, were Clifford Ansley, J. 
A. G. Beach, John W. Lively, John 
Brockhan, John Schelpert, Edgar 
Wallace, W. F. Crusselle, T. H. Wil- 
liams, Frank H. Peck and Piromis 
H. Bell. 

Appropriate exercises commemorat- 
ing the fiftieth anniversary of the 
system will be held on January 31, 
but the golden jubilee will be defer- 
red until the end of the term. 

Superintendent Sutton plans that 
the pagen>t, to be participated in by 
students Vi every school, shall reflect 
the astounding growth of the public 
schools through fifty years, and also 
project a view into the future. In 
connection with the program a school 
fair will be held. Directors, teach- 
ers and others will be asked to offer 
ideas that might be used in the pres- 
entatio. of the pageant. ‘They will 
also be requested to co-operate in 
plans for the fair. 


Three Buildings First. 


Three grammar school buildings 
formed the nucleus around which the 
system has grown to more than twen- 
ty times as many buildings and an 
enrollment of more than 41,000 chil- 
dren, including those in the newly- 
annexed territory of Kirkwood. 

Bernard Mallon was the first su- 
perintendent of the public schools of 
Atlanta and Joseph E. Brown, Geor- 
gia’s war-time governor, was the 
first president of the board of edu- 
cation. 


Telegraph Institutes 
Is Founded to Answer 
Demands of Railroads 


The increasing need of railroads 
throughout the country for trained 
telegraphers, and the difficulty of se- 
curing men with the training essen- 
tial to proper discharge of the du- 
ties of railroad telegraphers, occa-: 
sioned the establishment on January 
2, of the Atlanta Te'sgraph insti- 
tute, in 407-8-9 Austell building. This 
is the only school of telegraphy in 
Atlanta. 

Under the tutelage of Mr. and Mrs, 
R. G. Joyner, qualified by twenty 
years’ experience in railroad and com 
mercial telegraphy, youg men are 
to be fitted in a short time to fill 
positions in the rapidly-expanding 
telegraphic departments of the na- 
tion’s railroad companies, or to as- 
sume duties of commercial telegra- 
phers. Touch typewriting is taught 
as un essential part of the special 
instruction given at this school. 

“Yee teach them by following the 
actual every-day routine of a practi- 
cal telegrapher,” declared Mr. Joyner. 
“The Atlanta Telegraph institute is 
indorsed by Postal, Western Union 
and railroad officials. ‘The first ten 
students will be given instruction at 
half rates—full rates $75, will later 
be charged as advertised.” 


Fleming and Terrell 
Thanked for Services 
To School Teachers 


Resolutions pledging co-operation to 
make Atlanta’s school system the fin- 
est in the United States, and resolu- 
tions congratulating W. H. Terrell 
and Paul Fleming, retiring members 
of the board of edueation, on their 
effective service to the publie during 
their tenure of office, have been 
adopted by the board of directors of 
the Atlanta Public School Teachers’ 
association. 

The resolutions also praise the work 
of the directors and supervisors, “the 
value of whose counsel and guidance 
cannot easily be estimated. Referring 
to Commissioners Terrell and Flem- 
ing the resolutions state that “both 
of these men have been unsparing in 
giving of themselves, their time and 
their thoughts to the education of the 
youth of Atlanta, and have at all 
times manifested a sympathetic in- 
terest in the work and difficulties of 
the teachers.” 


Sylvania Election. 


Sylvania. Ga.. January 7.—(Spe- 
cial.)}—In the city election held here 
yesterday for mavor and three coun- 
cilmen, W. G. Sharpe, who had no 
apposition. was elected mayor. and J. 
Spencer Powell, R. FE. Williams and 
gE. H. Turner. councilm An 


FThe mother, ‘Mrs. lic Mackillip,|.ti 


: ee ced 
ss ¢ ; “s 3 
Sart CSR ar et ee ¢ eee * lay 
EL ER ey ee a ates 
Fic, OA ees Pye a aaeee oy ek a Ye nt Pa Hele oe 
ioe at ‘ 


« ’ 


Calhoun P.-T. A. . 


Will Hold 
Evening Meetin 


. 


The Parent-Teacher association of 
Calhoun school, held a very interesting 
meeting Thursday afternoon, January 
», With about 50 mothers present and 
one father. 


One of the most important re 
‘port¢ 
made was that of Miss Lillie Wurm,’ 
chairman of the ways and means come- 
mittee, who stated that the required 


amount of money for the new enclosure 


for the schoolyard is already in hand 
and that she has purchased a set of 
Fairbanks scales for the school. Al+ 
Ways on the alert, she has secured an 
attendance and spelling banner, which 
will create quite a bit of rivalry, and 
greatly 1mprove both. 

Miss Edna Pounds reported serera] 
new records for the victrola, and that 
the fund was steadily growing. An 
instructive and interesting talk waa 
given by Mrs. Porter Lagnston, whe 
is the chairman of the better films com: 
mittee from our school. 


Mrs. Tripod, chairmun of the civics 
committee, brought us the message 
that council favors the laying of a 
tile sidewalk in front of the school, 
Much credit is due her and her came 
mittee for their untiring efforts. 

Mrs. Deiner’s grade, 5-a, won the 
prize for having the largest number 
of mothers present, 


Plans were completed for a night 
meeting in February, with Dr. Ashby 
Jones as speaker, Mrs. W. B. Sharp 
was appointed chairman of the recep- 
tion committee for the meeting, and 
the following ladies were asked to as« 
sist: rs. M. F. Mills, Mrs. Ford, 
Mrs. ©. R. Williamson, Mrs. Cart- 
ledge, Mrs. A. P. Tripod, Mrs, Alvin 
Richards, Mrs. Julian Harris, Mrs, 
KE. H. Daniel, Mrs. French Terrel, Mrs, 
B. V. Bottom and Mrs. Howell Dodd. 

W. A. Sutton, in his forceful and 
eloquent style, delivered a wonderfuf 
lecture, using for his subject a quota< 
tion from Charles Dickens (Dombey 
& Son), “Please, sir, I want to play !” 
With this exclamation he clearly por 
trayed the importance of giving atten- 
tion to and developing in children from 
earliest infancy the value and necese 
sity of the play instinct; for the nroper 
development of the body physica fy and 
mentally. With several illustrations 
he showed how closely allied they must 
be in every phase of life; edneational 
ove being in most urgent need for the 
play instinct, for when we stop playe 
ing we stop growing. 

He paid a beautiful tribute to Mises 
Myra Graves for the magnificent and 
far-reaching work which is going ahead 
under her able supervision. In con- 
nection with her work he attributes 
the wonderful school spirit in the ath- 
letic field, as the cause of the splendid 
morale in the school system. 


Work Continues 
W hileHead Narse 


Moves Hospital 


The Georgia Baptist hospital yes- 
terday completed its movement into ita 
splendid new home at 18 East avenue, 
from its old quarters at 92 Luckie 
street. The movement required exact« 
ly two weeks—which was no marvel-« 
ous feat, but while the movement was 
going on the hospital was going on, 
which was a feat believed to be unique 
for an institution of this magnitude. 

Just a few weeks, too, before the 
old hospital was to be vacated ang 
the new one occupied, the superintende 
ent had resigned. The executive body, 
had no opportunity to name a suc- 
cessor. There was a epare, frail little 


woman occupying the responsible post 
of head nurse, though, who was ape 
peaied to in the emeigency, Her name 
is Mrs. Margaret Welch, and when 
she was informed that she was act- 
ing superintendent and would have to 
take charge of the bosp:tal movement, 
though goodness knows how she woul 
do it, she simply said “all cight, we 
move.” | 

Served Overseas. 

For Mrs. Welch has been accustofne 
ed to doing things. She Wears, with 
just pride, a button that says that she 
served honorably in the United States 
army during the world war and on her 
war nurse’s uniform are two gol 
stripes that betoken that she served 
more than a year overseas. 

“It was nothing,” she explained, in 
talking of moving the hospittal. “It 
might be considered something in At- 
lanta, but I’ve been in a hospital that 
had to be moved three times in one 
night on account of infernal air bom 
and I’ve beea head nurse in a hospita? 
where we had to take every patient 
underground because we ‘were being 
shelled. This little moving work here 
may have been a little troublesome, 
but it was nothing in reality.” 

Other peovle 4on’t seem to think so, 
however. Patients relate how the 
movement was performed in perfect or- 
der, how necessary operations, and 
necessary treatments, and necessary 
everything went right on as if nothing 
was happeping. 

Twins Arrive. 


“We had some beds in the Bartow 
building,” said Mrs. Welch. “These 
beds were brought out her, and to 
them we transferred our obstetria 
cases. That was Friday before Christ- 
mas, and on Saturday morning thé 
hosnital was blessed with the arrival 
of fine, heal®.y, erwing twins. 

“Then we kent on advancing by 
infiltration, until we had transferred 
all patients. We had the operating 
room ready in twenty-four hours. 
erations were actually being performed 
in tet time after the operating room. 


um- 
the first | 
es on the | 


tie a ieaiik. 


Ser 


; 4 
7 
ED + SL PR SRE 


Pa 


i Parnes 
of 


4 


“Mrs. Oscar McKenzie, Montezuma, 


Daughters’.of the Confederacy 


MRS. FRANK HARROLD, AMERICUS, PRESIDENT 


‘ihe 4 


recording secretary; Mrs. S. H. Mc- 


‘Kee, Americus, corresponding secretary; Mrs. J. T. Dixon, Thomasville, 
‘gegistrar; Mrs. G. P. Folks, Waycross, trcasurer. 


MISS MATTIE B. SHEIBLEY, ROME, STATE EDITOR. 


_ = > 


a State Gaoenitices of U. D. C. 


OlEC_”—OCOM 


—— 


Georgia division, United Daughters of the ward Van Winkle, Atianta; Mrs. W. C. 


-gecutive Committee—State president, 
chairman; officers of-divisiong and chairmen 
of curmsmmittecs, 

Soidiers’ Home—Chairman, Mrs. John A. 
Perdue, 195 Juniper street, Atlanta, Ga.; 
Mrs. Max Wolff, 211 W. Gwinnett street, 
Savannah; Mrs. EK. L. Williams, 171 South 
Pryor street, Atlanta; Mrs. 0. A, Wood- 
ward, Atianta; Mrs. Charlies Barnes, Vai- 

ta; Mrs. David Winburn, Atlanta; Mrs. 

d Hammond, Decatur; Mrs. y 
Stakely, College Park; L 
gop, Jackson; Mrs. J. K. 
Mrs. Felder Frederick, Marehaliville. 
Needy Confederate 

. KR. M. McMaster, 

H. Bridges, Hawkinsville; 
more, ‘Tennille; Mre. W. Coleman, 
Atianta; Mrs. Bryan Wells Collfer, College 
Park; Mre. J, Turner, tonton; Mrs. 
W. W. Hillis, Sardis; Mrs. BR. P. Shap- 
ard, Griffin; Mrs, James Davenport, Anier- 


icus. 

‘Emily Hendree Park Memorial Library— 
Chairman, Mrs. Darley D. Smith, -Vaidosta; 
Mrs. Jere Moore, Montezuma; Mrs. R. A. 
Grady, Savannah; Miss Anna Caroline Ben- 
ning, Columbus; Mrs. Walter Lamar, Ma- 
con; Mrs. Lucian Lamar Knight, Atlanta; 
Mrs. FF. B. McDonald, Waycross; Mrs. Max 
K. Land, Cordele. 

Georgia Room in Confederate Museum at 
RNichmond—Chairman, Mrs. Walker Jordan, 
Hawkinsvilic; Mre. R, L. Nisbett, Atlanta; 

R. L. Berner, Macon; Mrs. T. J. 
Dublin; Mrs. J. W. Hooks, Gor- 
don; Mre. C. H. Neisler, Reynolds; Mrs. 
‘jeorge Cox, Waynesboro; Mrs. A. B, Hull, 
Savannah; Mrs. Orville Park, Macon; Mrs. 
R.. J. Clark, Darien. 

Jefferson Davis Highway—Chairman, Mrs. 
Pr. H. Jeter, Decatur; Mre, J. Horace Smith, 
Dalton; Mrs. Hugh Dorsey, Atlanta; Mrs. 
W. B. Short, Buena Vista; Mrs George Al- 
Jen, Toccoa; Miss Louise Sullivan, San- 
dersville; Mrs. J. C. Bennett, Jefferson; 
Mrs. james Watt, Thomasville: Mrs. George 
F. McLeod, Abbeville; Mrs. William Lawson 
Teel, Atia’s”., 

World War Educational Fund—Chairman, 
Miss Ailice Baxter, 31 E. Fourth street. 
Atianta; Mrs. Z. IL. Fitzpatrick, Madison; 
Mrs. F. O. Miller, Fort Valley; Miss Min- 
nie C. Towe, Buena Vista; Mrs. C. H. 

uitman; Mrs. P. T. Reynolds, 
rs. Cobb Lampkin, Athens. 

Historical Essay Committee — Chairman, 
Mra. Lucius Lamar, Dawson; Mrs. J. W. 
Harris, Jr., Americus: Miss Katherine La- 
tham, 2314 Barnard street, Savannah; Mrs, 


Mrs. 
I’ritchett, 


Lena Felker Lewis, Monroe; Mrs. Charle 


Jordan, Stokes, 


Monticelld; Miss Sarah 
Augusta, 
(hairman of Relicg—Mrs. Lergy Hankin- 
eon, Angusta, 
World War Record Committee—Chairman, 
Mrs. Lee Trammell, Madison. 
ion Plane Educational Endowment 
Fund—Chairman, Mrs. Trox Bankston, West 
Point; Mrs. B. C. Teasley, Hartwell; Mrs. 
Hugh Willet, Atlanta; Miss Mattie Sheib- 
ley, Rome; Mrs. R, T. Humber, IJr., Rich- 
Mrs, 8. G. or, Jr., Fitzgerald; 

Mrs. T. HB. Fletcher, Cordele; Mrs. C. L. 
Moore, Milledgeville. 

Preservation of Battle Flags—Chairman, 
Mrs. C. E. Pittman, Commerce. 

Better Films Coroamittee—Chairman, Mra. 
A. F. Holt, Macon; Mis. J. K. Ottley, At- 
lanta: Mrs. J. KE. Hays. Montezuma; Mrs. 
Richard Spencer, Columbus: Mrs. EF. L. 
Carswel], Americus; Mra. W. C. McGee, 
Dalton: Mrs. Emnm A. Dunn, Social Circle, 
Mrs. Mattie B. Guillard, Dahlonega; Mrs. 
Rogers Winter, Atlanta, 

Editorial Department 
Confederate Veteran—Chairman, 
tie Shichlevy, Rome. 
(ieorgia Day and Georgia Flags in Schools 
-—Chairman, Mrs. W. H. Frigzell, 25 East 
Thirty-ninth street, Savannah; Mrs. Oscar 
Peeples, Cartersville; Mrs. D, B. Small, 
Valdosta; Mrs. Sheppard Foster, Atlanta; 
Mrs, Ruth F. Irvin, Washington; Mrs. J 
M.. Mitchell, Tifton; Mrs. C. 8. Hodges, 
(vrene: Mra. George ¥. McLeod, Abbeville; 
‘irs. Charlies Tove, Atlanta: Mra. Locy Do- 
rier Douglas, Flovilla; Mrs. A. M. Zelner, 
Forsyth: Mrs. Lawton B. Evang, Augusta, 
Committee on Gift Scholarships—Chair- 
man, Mrs. Julian Lane, Statesboro; Mrs. 
Frank Walden, Angusta; Mrs, C. C, San- 
fers, Gainesville: Mrs, J. 8. Bradfield, ee 
france: Mias Minnie Bridees, Dawson; Mrs. 
Oscar Davidson, Athens: Mrs. Lee Jordan, 
Hawkinsville: Mrs. Roberta G. Turner, 
Rome: Mra. George Napier, Decatur; Mrs. 
Yracvy Baxter. Macon: Miss Martha Berry, 
Rome: Mra, H. HM. Tift, Tifton. 
Cunningham Memorial Scholarship— 

airman, Mrs. Floy Turner, Cedartown; 
frs. J. R, Irwin, Conyers; Mrs. ¥. M. Stew- 
st. Douglasville; Mrs. R. C.. LeSouer, Ro- 
barta: Mrs. F. P. Merritt, Oglethorpe; Mrs. 
vv. B. MeDonald, Maysville; Mra. L Ww. 
ifeGregor, Lyons;. Mrs. Belle Hudson, Coch- 


and 
Mat- 


of the State 
Miss 


Portrait Committee—Chair- 
nan, Mrs, T, T. Stevens, 450 Luckie street, 
Atlanta: Mrs. Will Searcy. Griffin; Mrs. 
Rk , Crozier, Fort Gaines; Mrs. EF. B. Dub- 
perdy. Giennville; Mre., E. 0. Lee, Coving- 
‘on: Mrs. E. B. Meadows, Carroiltoa; Mrs. 
iv. C. Twitty, Pelham; Miss Laura ['ra- 
tear, Hinesville: Mrs, KE. P. Reynolds, Hep- 
ibab: Mrs. J. T. McLaughlin, Jesup; Mrs. 
Varnie Johnson, Jeffersonville; Mrs. M. F. 
WVatlace,“ Butler; Mrs.. J. 8S. Singler, Ash- 
burn. 

“Alexander Stephens. Memorial Institute— 
“hairman, Mrs, Horace M, Holden, Athens; 
jirs. Clem G. Moore, Crawfordville; Mrs. 
4 wv. Harper, Athens; Mrs. E. R. McMur- 
‘ay, Lavonia; Mrs. W. D. Smith, ae 


ran. 
Confederate 


7 Miss 


Ww. C, 


Holt, Augusta; Mrs, reas 
Mrs. Carroll ' 


lanta; Mrs. W. H. 
Jane Judge, Savannah; ’ 
Moran, Americus, 

Convention Progra 
W. Cantrell, Decatur; 
Decatur; Mre. 8. R&R. 
tur. 


Mrs. J. F. 
Christie, Jr., 


Athens; 
Cc. 


Jarnagan, At- 


Deca- 


Arrangements—Chairman, Mrs. William 


Alden, Decatur; Mrs. P, 
and members of Agnes Lee chapter. 
Transportation — Chairman, 
Campbell, Decatur. 
Children of the Confederacy. 
State Director—Mrs. W.-S. Mann, McRae. 


Installation of 
O.E.S. Officers. 


Decatr chapter, No. 148, 0. B 


_ aaa at the installation Decem 
‘ber 27. 
The new officers for 1922 are: 


J. RK, Sullivan, worthy patron; Mrs 
Mrs. Sarah Sullivan, secretary; Mrs 


Lillian Jones, chaplain; Mrs. 
Pierce, marshal; Miss 


organist; Mrs. Kate 


denhamer, Martha; 
nell, electa; Miss 
warder; Maurie Mable, sentinel. 


beautiful 
mums was presented to Mrs. 
head by Mrs. McLaran from 
chapter. 
Sullivan with a thermos bottle. 
was over, light refreshments 
served. 
Mrs. Carrie T. Maxwell, 
Mrs. Ellen Layton, 
marshal, and Mrs. 
chaplain. 


Masonic hall in Decatur. 
The next 


chapter will be January 17. 


Shrine 


Out Goecd Actors 


With Yaarab Temple’s chanters, 
several former professional actors and 
a humber of clever amateurs to carry 
the heavy work of the Shrine minstrels 
of 1922, the work of filling in the 
sighter parts und picking singers for 
the glee club has progressed to such 
a point that at the meeting to be 
held Monday night at 7:30 o’clock at 


Shrine headquarters the organiation 


on: Mrs. Laura Garner, Buford; Mrs. 7 
boone, Clayton. 
"Feantis 4 Bartow Memorial School, Ba- 
vin Gap—Chairmav, Mrs, L. C. Mathews, 
2 Fairview road, Atlafita; Miss Mildred 
tutherford, Athens; Mrs. ~ a burns, 
"\arkesville; Mre. W, H. Colgate, Tennille; 
irs. J. A. Battle, Talbotton; Miss Alice 
Veathers, Summerville. 
‘Textbook Committee—Chairman, Mrs. 
‘opulon Walker, Canton; Mrs. W. H. Gurr, 
awson: Mrs: A. J. Strickland, Valdosta; 
‘irs. Frank Nowell, Monroe; Mrs. Hal 
lentz. Atlanta: Mrs. Stella Duncan Cater, 
*orery; Mrs. W, R. McElmurray, Montezu- 
pa: Mra. H. I. Hartley, Sparta. 
Jefferson Davis . Monument—Chairman, 
ive. H. M. Franklin, Tennille; Mrs. €. P. 
*eyne, Shellman; Mrs. E. K. Overstreet, 
‘yivania: Mrs. W. H, Vitt, McRae; Mrs 
’ J. Milam, LaGrange; Mrs. Walter Grace, 
djacon: Mra; James T. Neal, Jr., Thomson, 
diss Lillie Martin, Hawkinsville. 
Peace—Chairman, Miss Anna Caroline 
tenning, Columbus. 
Mountain Monument—Chairman, 
TT. T. Stevens, 450 Luckie street, At- 
- Miss Mildred Rutherford, Athens; 
C. Helen Plane, Atlanta; Mrs. 8S, H. 
Mrs. A. B. Hull, Sa- 
J Beall, Reynolds; Mrs. 
Ww. R. Turner, Millen; Mrs. R. J. Redding, 
Nayeross; Mrs. W, E. Rowsey, Albany; 
firs, E. A. Barnes, Macop: Mrs. T. H. Me- 
fey, Valdosta; Mrs. Edgar Tichenor, Mon- 


Americus; 
annoh; Mrs. J. D. 


oe. 
Marking ‘¥istoric Georgia—Chairman, Mrs. 
.. DB. Dis ‘k, Waycross; Mrs. Edward 
Varner, 4 ta; Mrs. T, J. Oxford, Ocilla; 
ire. H. H. Tift, Tifton; Mrs. Paul Gil- 
h. Cartersville; Mrs. Paul Jones, Can- 

Mamie. Rankin Norris, Calhoun; 


Walker, Waycross. 

Extension Committee—Chairman, 
aries Tillman, Quitman; Mrs, Lucy Do- 
er, Douglas; Miss Tallulah Atkins, 

le: Miss Elsie Ragan, Hawkinsville; Mrs. 
lie Bond Johnson, Royston; Mrs. Nixon 
nall, Senola; Mrs. C. E. Bethel, Thom- 
ston; Mrs. B. 8S. Middieton, Vienna; Mrs. 
phn W. Poe, Vidalia; Mrs. Elizabeth Shel- 
pn, Abbeville; Mrs. T, B. Raines, Daw- 


n. 
Proofing Lee Memoria! Chapel, Lex- 
BA Ve Chairman, Mrs. George Felk- 
r, Or.. Monroe; Mrs. Augustus Swann, 
toekbri - Mrs. Henry Latimer, Sparta; 
irs. oo. Donate’ Madison; Mrs. C. D. 
lark, Marshallville; Mrs. A. L. Bowen, 
Faycroes; Mrs, J. _T. De Monticello; 
liga Helen oe -- a ~yg, 
Ocilla; we ; + ” 
oebeg Miss julia Boyd, Sunkeske: Mrs, 
e. 
Memorial ,.Hall—Chairman, 
1 East Gordon street, 
Thomas Peters, Atlanta; 
Darien: Mrs. EB. J. Rea- 
. Charities << _ 
, Al ; ss Neppie 
4 yee y M. Neel, Cor- 
le; Mrs. 
Mrs. K. L. 


Winnie Davis 


a} Committ wha Mrs. W. 
betham, West int. 
. tarian—Miss Rose Woodberry. 


\tiqnta. . * Mrs. Howard McCall, Atian- 
* credentiale—Mrs. WwW. C. Vereen, Moul- 
Custodian of Flags—Mrs. John A. Selden, 


| Custodian 
“Time and Place—Chairman, Mrs, A. McD. 


will be complete, 


held, and’ Perrin G. Somers, Jr., the 
New York director employed to drill 
the performers and superintend the 
production, declares the nobles of 
Yaarab temple afford the best talent 
lie has ever encountered in years of 
experience in directing amateur win- 
ttrel shows. ; 

Two performances will be held in 
the Auditorium Tuesday and Wednes- 
day, January 17 and 18, the curtain 
going up promptly at 8:15 both. eve- 
nings. Tickets at $1 each will be 
placed on sale at numerous _ publie 
places Monday there being no reserved 
seats, and tickets being good for either 
performance. 

Among the performers already sched- 
uled for principal parts are Albert S, 
Adams, who wil! be interlocutor: Dr. 
Claude N. Hughes, Potentate Bayne 
Gibson, Assistant Rabban Wylie West 
and Frank A. Cundell, director of the 
chanters. There will be two big street 
parades, regular minstrel style, and 
the public of Atlanta will think that 
either Lew Dockstader or Honey Boy 
Evans has come back to life and play- 
ing the city. 


BIG LINERS SAIL, 
DESPITE STRIKE 
IN N. Y. HARBOR 


- 


New York, January 7.—The strike 
or harbor towboatmen called this week 
as a protest against a wage reduction, 
failed to interfere with departure to- 
day of three trans-Atlantic liners and 
the usual number of week-end coast- 
wise sailings. 

Claims of Captain William A. Ma- 
her, of the United Association of Mas- 
ters, Mates and Pilots, and of Charles 
A. Mason, representing the towboat 
owners, conflicted. Union leaders as- 
serted 100 boats were tied up, while 
owners claimed the strike was not be- 
ing felt. 

Strikers have begun a systematic 
picketing of the harbor, hailing craft 
from motor launches and calling on 
the crews to strike. 


MRS. ROOSEVELT OFF 
ON LONG TRIP ALONE 


New York, January 7.—Mrs. Theo- 
dore Roosevelt sailed unaccompanied 
today on a 22,000-mile journey by 
steamer, train and airplane that will 
include the British Isles, the European 
continent and South Africa. 

The widow of the former president 
left New York on the steamer Finland 
for Antwerp, where Archie Hoosevelt 
will meet her. They expect to spend 
several weeks on the continent, and 
then fly across the channel to England. 
Mrs. Roosevelt will take ship for Cape 
Town, South Africa. She also plans 
to visit Teneriffe Ascension, St. Hel- 
ena, and Madeira before returning 
home in the spring. 


RAIN PROBABLE TODAY, 
ASSERTS FORECASTER 


Probable ‘rains and no change of 
temperature from that of. Saturday is 
the forecast given out by the local 
branch of he United Sates weather 
bureau for today. The drizzle that 
kept up throughout Saurday will very 
likely continue, it is said. 

Saturday's temperature was between 
42 and .44, reaching the latter point 
around noon. No variation from this 
temperature is predicted. 


PHILADELPHIA SCENE 


Second street, to lie face 
on the floor of his psy 
0 


H. Jeter president 
Mrs. James 


The installation _of the officers of 
was completed January 3. Owing to 
sickness, five of the officers could not 


Mrs. 
Ruth Halllinshead, worthy matron; 


Mamie Harrison, associate matron; 


Grace Thockmorton, treasurer; Mrs. 
Ruth 
nnie Roberts, 
uford, Adah; 
Mrs. Kate Thomas, Ruth; Mrs. Carrie 
Newman, Esther; Mrs. Katherine Bo- 
Mrs. A. G. Bar- 

Annie Googer, 


At the close of the installation a 
bunch of red chrysanthe- 
ollins- 
the 


Mrs. Thockmorton presented Mrs. 


After the business of the evening 
were 


grand 
warder, presided as installing officer ; 
oe deputy, as 

illian Jones, as 


The study class announced for Weda- 
nesday, January 11, 2 o'clock, at the 


reguiar meeting of the, 


Minstrel 
Rehearsals Bring 


Several rehearsals have already been 


OF DIAMOND ROBBERY 


Philadelphia, January 7.—Forcing 
Samuel Smith, a jeweler on south 
downward 
four thieves 

diamonds 
$80 in money. 


Letters Praise Efforts of Sec- 
‘retary of Juvenile Protec- 
tive Association. 


praise of the work done by 


High 
; Rev. Crawford Jackson, genera! secre. 


tary of the Juvenile Protective axsso- 
ciation, of Atlanta, is expressed in let- 
ters sent to Secretary Jackson Satur- 
day by Judge Garland Watkins, judge 
of the juvenile court of Fulton county ; 


| by Boys and girls who have baen helped 


by Mr. Jackson’s organization, and 
in a statement issued by the executive 
committee of the Juvenile Protective 
association, headed by General Clifford 
L. Anderson, chairman. The letters 
‘and statements were made public Sat- 
urday by Mr. Jackson in connection 
with the recent publication of resolu- 
‘tions passed by welfare workers of five 
southern state condemning the work 
of Mr. Jackson’s organization, 

In expressing approval and confi- 
dence in Secretary Jackson. the execu- 
tive committee charges that Burr 
Blackburn, secretary of the Georgia 
state board of public welfare, is- re- 
sponsible for the passage of the recent 
resolution condemning Secretary Jack- 
son. ‘The further charge Is made that 
Blackburn is “biased and prejudiced” 
against the Jackson organization and 


is seekilng “by bureaucratic methods’’’ 


to carry on the work of the state board 
of public welfare. 

In his letter Judge Watkins declared 
that Secretary Jackson had never “‘in- 
terfered” with the work of the Fulton 
juvenile court as tharged in the reso- 
lution of the welfare workers. 

Helpful. 

“Instead of interfering, you have 
been very helpful to me,’ Judge Wat- 
king said in his letter. “I consider 
you, all your earnest endeavors from 
first to last concerned, the most per- 
sistent friend of the juvenile court sys- 
tem of Atlanta. Your devotion and 
ability in dealing with children and 
in organizing and training others for 
their betterment, should cause the peo- 
ple of Atlanta and elsewhere to hold 
you in highest esteem.” 


Two letters from persons aided in. 


the juvenile work of Secretary’ Jack- 
son were received. One was from 
Lubie E. Fetter, a boy, and the other 
from Clydie May Jones, a girl, who 
praised the work of the secretary. 

The executive committee, in its 
statement, declared that Secretary 
Jackson had done a wonderful work 
in awakening the people of the state 
of Georgia and other southeastern 
states to the wisdom, morality and eco- 
nomic benefit to be derived from juve- 
nile protective work. 

“His was the pioneer work along 
this line,” the executive committee de- 
clared. ‘We wish to say that we fully 
believe in Mr. Jackson; believe thor: 
oughly in his sincerity of purpose, and 
witbout regard to whether his methods 
are in accord with the ideas of secre- 
taries of public welfare boards or not. 
we know that he has accomplished and 
is accomplishing great good in the line 
of work oo is doing.” 

Reviews Blackburn’s Acts. 

The executive committee then re- 
views acts of Secretary Blackburn, of 
the state board of public welfare, in 
which it is charged that Blackburn 
bas criticised “‘caustically” the work 
of Mr, Jackson and had given the sec- 
retary no opportunity of laying com- 
plete and full information about the 
work before him. 

“We do not wish in any manner to 
reflect on Mr. Blackburn’s sincerity of 
purpose, but we have found that his 
activities in Georgia have not: been 
beneficial to the state’s public wel- 
fare,” 

The statement of the executive com- 


|. Anderson, chairman; 8. 
iH, C, 


mittee is signed by General Clifford 
Belk, 
Bagley, James L, Anderson, 
— A. McEachern and A. R. Hol- 
derby. 


NEGRO CONSTRUCTION 


PERMITS ARE: ISSUED: 


Plans for 100 Homes in Col-|: 


ored Subdivision Are 
Being Laid. 


Plans for constructing 25 additional 
bungalows and two-story houses for 
the use of Atlanta's negro pojwlation, 
on thirty-three acres of land at the 
corner of Ashby and Hunter streets, 
which was bought for that purpose ‘by 
the Service company, a corporation of 
negro capitalists, were completed. Sar- 
urday afternoon when the city of At- 
lanta granted: a -permit for erection: 
of the homes. Friday a contract was 
made with the McDougal Construc- 
tion company for laying of sewers,,. 
sidewalks and paved streets on and 
near ‘the tract.. The contract amount- 
ed to approximately $50,000. 

It is planned to build on this Jand 
about 100 negro homes. Contracts 
for 30 have already been made, it be- 
ing the policy of the. concern to build 
only when the contract for the house 
and lot has: been ‘completed. ‘There 
are already constructed five houses 
on the land, and when the 100 houses 
are built, which is Mated to be within 
one year, the cost of the transaction 
= amount ‘to-approximately $400,- 

) 


Prices of the houses and lots range 
from. $2,500 to $12,000. The deal has 
been handled through the real estate 
department of the Citizens Trust com- 
pany, colored banking institution at 
180 Auburn avenue, which organiza- 
tion decided three months ago on a 
plan of supplying every colored famils 
here with a home of its own. 


JAMES S. HAMILTON 
TO REST IN WEST VIEW 


Funeral services for James S. Ham- 
ilton, aged 64, inspector of cotton 
warehouses for the Federal Re- 
serve bank. who died of apoplexy at 
his home, 312 Myrtle street, Saturday 
morning, will be eonducted at the 
residence by Dr. C. B. Wilmer, at 3 
o'clock Sunday afternoon. Interment 
will follow in West View cemetery, 
with H. M. Patterson & Son in charge. 

Mr.* Hamilton is survived by his 
widow; a daughter, Mrs. L. B.. Lock- 
hart, of Atlanta: four sisters, Mrs. 
S. Guyton McLendon, wife of the sec- 
retary of state: Miss anna Hamilton 
and Mrs. Francis Fontaia, of Athens, 
and Mrs. James S. Davant, of Mem- 
phis, Tenn.: a brother, Guy Hamil- 
ton, of Dalton, and three nieces, Mrs. 
Leon Southerland, Miss Marian Ham- 
ilton and Mrs. Hugh M. Lokey. © 

The death of Mr. Flamilton followed 
an illness of about a week. He had 
lived in Atlanta for the past twenty 
vears. and had a large number of 
friends throughout the south. 


HARDWOOD DIRECTORS’ 
MEETING IS CALLED 


Memphis, Tenn., January 7.—K. M. 
Carrier, president of the American 
Hardwood Manufacturers’ association, 
today called a meeting of the directors 
of the association to be held in Louis- 
ville, Ky., January 14, to review the 
recent supreme court decision holding 


Be eh - TAR 


Pa Sle ae on at a pitino E Soe, wt 
. * Zz 


wee 


a ——~ _ 


Southern Sales 


a 


- —— ee eee 


men of Mulkey 


Conclude Convention in Atlanta 


° Rewer 
J. L. Mulkey, secretary of the Malkey Salt com 


y 


> 


~ 
‘ 


ee. | 4 is 


»* 


x 
: 


S 
: 
% 


pany, Detroit, Mich., and the southern sales- 


men in convention at the Winetoff hotel, January 4, 5 and 6. 
Top row, left to right: J. W. Tate, Bluefield, W. Va.;-W. P. Hill, Atlanta; W. M. Taylor, 

Atlgnta, special salesman Georgia, Florida and Alabama; C. W. Donnell, Memphis, Tenn.; 

M. W. Tevepaugh, Charlotte, N. C., and T. H. Robertson, Clarksburg, W. Va. 
Bottom row, left to right: L. M. Clark, Charlotte, N. C., special salesman for North and 


South Carolina; J. L. C. Mulke 


Tenn., southern sales manager. 


The four-day convention of sales- 
men of the Mulkey Salt company, op- 
erating south of the Ohio river, which 
closed Friday night at the Winecoff 
hotel, was held for the purpose of dis- 
cussing problems connected with the 
sale and distribytion of the company’s 
product. The meetings were heid in 
Atlanta at. the request of W. M. Tay- 
lor,.who was a resident of Atlanta for 
twenty years, and is known in the 
south as the “salt xing.” 


Pioneers in their business, the 


Mulkey Salt company first began the 
manufacture of salt at Hutcheson, 
Kansas, thirty-five years ago, and la- 
ter moved to Detroit, Mich. There 
they founded the plant now in opera- 
tion, and which is considered one of 
the most modern’ in equipment to be 
found in the country. 

They are manufacturers of all the 
various grades and kinds of salt—‘‘ex- 
cept low grades’’—for every use toa 
which the commodity may be applied. 


¥ 


y, Detroit, Mich., secretary, and J. A. Robison, Chattanooga, 


Their famous “Jack Frost” package 
is an example of the care with which 
their ywoduct is prepared for the con: 
sumers. 

It is so wrapped that a sanitary 
and moisture proof package is as- 
sured, and all the qualities of a free- 
running table salt preserved. The 
sales of Jack Frost salt have over- 
whelmingly. increased during the past 
year, and there is every evidence that 
the popularity of the salt is increas: 
ing. 


“BOB” HOLLAND 
RETURNS TO POST 
AT FULTON TOWER 


R. M. Hbdlland, known to his 
friends as “Bob,” has returned to his 
old place at the. Fulton Tower, where 


rns 


gin fo aRS 


NS ~~ * 3 a6! 
sser Py ey: . 


“BOB” HOLLAND. 


fe has been in charge of the jail 
ever since Captain James I, Lowry 
was elected sheriff of Fulton county, 
with the exception of about a year. 


A year ago Mr. Holiand’s héalth fail- |' 


ed as a result of. the confining na- 
ture of his work as chief jailer and 


he was transferred to.the courthouse, 


being attached to one of the superior 
courts. . , : 
He has now fully recovered and 
has gone baek to the Tower where 
he is in complete charge of the pris- 
oners. Mr. Holland served on the 
city police board with Captain James 
English a number of years ago. 
‘Mr. Holland, who is chairman of 
the board of stewards of the Bonnie 
Brae Methodist church, located at the 
cerner. of Stewart avenue and Lillian 
streets. was largely instrumental in 


the building of the new church strue- 


ture, which was finished and dedi- 
cated the latter part of December. 
He was the first. member to urge 
the erection of the $50,000 
and was treasurer of the’ building 
committee. 
son and member of other secret or- 
ders. 


HIGHWAY CONVENTION 
DATE WLL BE SET 


For the purpose of deciding on the 
date of the annual convention of the 
Dixie Highway association, which will 
meet here this year, the association’s 
executive committee will meet here 
within the next few weeks, at a call 
by President M. M. Allison, of Chat- 
tanooga, Tenn., according to an- 


nouncement Saturday by Fred Hous- 
er, secretary of the Atlanta Conven- 
tion bureau. 

Because of the importance of ‘the 
convention, the thousands of people it 
attracts and the benefit for good roads 
in the south. the meeting will center 
great interest. , 

The officials and direetors of the 
association are M. M. Allison, presi- 
dent; Z. C. Patten, Jr., first vice 
president; W. G. Waldo, second vice 
president; W. B. Long, secretary and 
treasurer. Directors: Georgia, W. 
T. Anderson, Clark Howell, Frank H. 
Bell; Florida, S. A. Belcher, Joseph 
L. Harman, Francis W. Perry: 
North Carolina, H. Buckner: 
Carolina. T. W. Cothran; Tennessee, 
John FE. Lovell, A. F. Sanford, Rich- 
ard Hardy, T. R. Preston, Mark K, 
Wilson, W. E. Brock, Scott L. Pro- 
basco; Michigan, P. T. Colgrove, 


Frank Hamilton, W. E. Metzger; Il-. 


linois, Richard J. Finnegan. Medill 


' ad 9 | 


chureh } 


He is a prominent Ma- 


Millen Board of Trade 


7 


Urges More Diversification 


Millen, Ga., January 7.—(Special.). 
That the people of Georgia are over- 
looking their advanzages and oppor- 
tunities in not living and boarding at 
home is brought out very forcibly in 
one section of the report of W. R. 
Crites, secretary of the Millen and 
Jenkins county chamber of commerce, 
rendered to that woay at its first 
meeting of the new year. 


The section of his report referred 
to follows: 


“Last week I made a canvass of 


our stores in the desire to learn some 
of the things that are holding back 
Georgia development. I found a sit- 
uation that to me was ajspalling, and 
one which in a large measure explains 
the financial situation of Georgia to- 
day. I give below a list of items 
found in four stores that should be 
purchased in Georgy, and purchased 
from Georgians, and this money kept 
in our own state. Any other pro- 


| cedure is fatal to our own develop- 


ment. Listen to this and see what 
we are doing to our detriment. I fing 


that we are buying: 
“Peas from Maine and Maryland; 


| beans from Michigan, New York and 
| California; sweet corn, from Maine, 


New York and California; potatoes, 
from Maine; sweet potatoes, from 
Maryland and New Jersey; tomato 


eatsup, from New Jersey, Pennsy!lva- 


nia, New York and Indiana; pickles, 
varieties, from Pittsburg; 
peaches, from California; with a ecoun- 
try overflowing with Georgia cane 
syrup at anything from 25c a gailon 
up, we are paying a high price for 
eorn syrup from New York; with 20,- 
(00,000 surplus bushels of corn, we are 
buying grits, lye hominy, corn meal 
and corn starch from Iowa, Illinois, 
Pennsylvania and New York; English 
walnuts, from California: tomatoes, 
from California and New York; sauer 
kraut, from New York; vegetable 


soups, from Indiana; red beets, from 


Maine; honey, from New York and 
California; apple jelly, trom Missouri 


GRAND BALL 
Given by the 


DEAF MUTES 


of Atlania, at the 
AUDITORIUM On 
Wednesday Eve- 


eee x 


Se ee AE 
| ban RS oe 


4 Pel eh eee 
ee Oe en 3 
, 7 
‘ 


MISS FLORENCE GILES 

Miss Giles, a deaf mute, of 
24 Atwood avenue, has been 
placed in charge of the sale of 
tickets by L. B. Dickerson, pres- 
ident of Local 28, Deaf Mutes’ 
association. The proceeds from 
this ball will be used to help all 
of the deaf mutes of Atlanta from 
time to time. 

Many valuable prizes are of- 
fered those who attend .the ball. 
This is a worthy object, and the 
people of Atlanta are urged to 
respond. A beautiful, high class 
ball is promised, with other 
added inducement$ which will 
make attendance worth while. 


TICKETS $1.00 


| 


and Maryland: peanut butter, from 
New ‘York; peanuts, from Virginia; 
tobacco, from all over the world; soap, 
from Cincinnati, made from our own 
cotton-seed oils; mules, from Ken- 
tucky and Missouri; cereals, from 
Michigan, Ohio and Illinois; cheese, 
from Wisconsin and New York; rice, 
from New Orleans, China and Japan; 
brooms, from Florida, Alabama and 
Ohio; apples, from New York, Oregon 
and Washington; matches, from Ohio 
and Michigan; pimentoes, from Spain 
and New York; meats, all kinds, from 
Chicago and South America; sausage, 
from Green Bay, Wis.; crackers, from 
Virginia; ginger ale, from Wisconsin 
and New York; grapejuice, from Cali- 
fornia and New Jersey; vinegar, from 
Virginia; condensed milk, from Cali- 
fornia and Weshington; oysters, from 
Maryland and New Jersey; hay, from 
the central states; cotton goods. from 
Massachusetts, Georgia cptton coming 
back to us with three or four profits 
and exorbitant freight rates added-over 
and above what we receive for it on a 
speculator’s market; woolen goods, 
that should be made of wool from 
Georgia raised sheep: furniture, from 
Michigan and Pennsylvania, made from 
southern lumber, anc, there are still 
other items in the list. 


“Think of the economic loss from 
long freights that we are paying on 
these articles that should be produced 
at home. 

“There is not one single item in this 
list that could not be produced in 
Georgia. We could even go further 
and include articles of iron, steel], 
aluminum, clay, asbestos, mica, ce- 
ment, slate, lime and other mineral 
products. With the exception of cer- 
tain distinctly tropical fruits, drugs. 
rubver, teas and coffees, Georgia could 


Salt Co. 


the and’ the teas 

We could buikid a wall 
around our state and go on living as 
comfortably as we are now if. we 
would develop our natural re- 
sources.” 


URBAN LEAGUE 
WEEKLY BULLETIN 


be held Thursday evening at 8 o'clock, 


This afternoon at 3:30 o'clock at the 
Butler Street Y. M. C. A., W. A. Lee, 
student secretary of the Y. M. C. A., 
will deliver an address. His subject 
will be “On the Outside Looking In.” 

The annual members’ meeting will 


January 12, at the Y. M. C. A. At 
this time the officers and members 
of the board of management will be 
selected. The program for the year 
will be mapped out. All members are 
urged to be present. « ° 

‘The Atlanta Mothers’ club, of which 
Dr. Georgia Dwelle is president, will 
have its first meeting of the new 
year at 231 Hilliard street, at 3 p. m., 
on the llth of Jayuary. All moth- 
ers are requested to attend. The pro- 
gram is a special feature. 

The June Membership club of the 
Phyllis Weatley Y. W. C. A., en- 
tertained the entire membership De- 
cember 15, from 4 to 7 p. m. The 
musical program was enjoyed by all. 
After the program delicious punch 
and appetizing sandwiches were 
served by the June members. 


A_ committee from Phyllis Wheat- | 


ley Y. W. C. A. decorated the seven 
wards of the colored department of 
the Grady hospital for the Christmas 
holidays with wreaths, bells, etc. In 
each ward was placed a beautiful 
growing plant. One hundred and 
twenty-five bags of candy were pre: 


pared. 

Dr. John Hope, president of More- 
house college, member of the south- 
ern advisory committee of the Nation- 
aly Urban league, and member of the 
executive board of the national or- 
ganization, was unanimously elected 
chairman of the local Urban league 
at a meeting held at the Butler street 
branch Y. M. C. A. Thursday aft- 
ernoon. Associated with Dr. Hope 
on the board of directors are some 
of the most influential colored and 
white citizens of the city of Atlanta. 
The new organization began at once 
their plans to secure a working staff, 
including an eexcutive secretary and 
assistant to continue the work so no- 


bly begun by this social service agen- | 


cy last year. The Urban league and 
its various local branch organizations 
throughout the country employ a 
large number of scientifically trained 
social workers. ‘Tue Atlanta Urban 
league has been one of the strongest 
branches in the whole system, 
larger percentage of its budget has 
been raised from among the colored 
people than any other branch. With 
the new president and workers it is 
expected that the league will still do 
greater work in tbe future than in 
the past. 


| 


Field Secretary Jesse O. Thomas | 
gave the emancipation address at Au- | 


*) 


burn, Ala., January 2 
was held in the public school audi- 
torium. 

The Founders’ day celebration of 
the Atlanta Baptist Preparatory in- 
stitute on January 11-14, will take 
place at Wheat Street Baptist church. 

Wednesday night will be Alumni, 
Faculty and Student night. Thurs- 
day noon will be trustee and execu- 
tive board meeting at the school. 
Thursday night will be trvctee night. 
Friday night will be Sriday school, 
B. Y. P. U. and Auxiliary night. Sat- 
urday will be Silent 


BANKSTON WILL RUN 


day. 


FOR RAIL COMMISSION | 


W. Trox Bankston, of Troup coun- 
ty, well-known Georgian, former editor 
of The West Point News, and a for- 
mer member of the legislature, an- 
nounced Saturday his candidacy for 
the office of Georgia railroad com- 
missioner to succeed Commissioner 
James A. Perry, whose term will ex- 
pire this year. Mr. Bankston ran in 
the last state election for the railroad 
commission against Paul ‘Trammell 
and received 90,000 votes. During his 
service in the legislature he was chair- 
man of the house committee on rail- 
roads. 

Mr. Bankston stated that he was 
able to roll up 90,000 votesina cam- 
paign of only thirty days, and that he 
intended this timeto begin early, and 
in the event of opposition he intended 


| 
| 
| 


» 


to carry an intensive fight e 
county in the state. 
not announced his 
ing another term. 


DR. M’MAHON TO FILL } 
GORDON STREET PULPIT — 
Dr. A. F. McMabon, pastor of the 
First Baptist church, of Mobile, Als. 
will preach at the Gordon et 
Baptist church at 11 o'clock 
morning = at 7:45 whg 0 in ia = 
evening. e is stopping for a ee 
days in the city, during the illness of 


his wife in an Atlanta hospital. 4 


Webster’s New. 
International Dictionary 
Used in Constitution = 
Puzzle Contest 


Inthe late Constitution  picti 
puzzle contest when determining 
were correct and which were incorrect 
words the Judges used as their refer- 
ence the highest authority in the 
English languages “Webster's New 
International Dictionary,” whieh fk 
recognized throughout the United 
States as a criterion. a 

The Webster's New. International 
Dictionary is sold in the Southeastern 
States by F. P. Starry, 370 Sprin 
Street. , Felephane, Hemlock 14h 


—fadyv. 


IMPERIAL HOTEL ;: 
—ABSOLUTELY FIREPROOF— 
Peachtree St. at Ivy St., Atlanta:: 

af 


A desirable and convenient tran-2 
sient and residential hotel; alls; 


\ 


rooms are outside rooms, with<’ 
private bath or bath privileges} 
Moderate rates, r 


HUGH F. GALVIN, Proprietor... \ 
me 


rP al. ag ’ OS > 
»~ c % \ a< .* : 
: i) { “ne \ . 
. 2 : 


~*. 
_ ) 
4 ‘ ‘AS a 
a 
~ Shee .33 .@ a 


¢ “<THE CITY CARE FORGOT? * 
NEW ORLEANS, 


L\«°The Paris of America” : 
‘ ae? A 


Charles 


as ate i are 
: - Sth . 
EM. 


: n ~-Ane “yy 


< 
-. 
¥ 


' 


ae 
a 


—" 


8. AMER & 0O-, Ltd., Prope: i 
a 


A= ~ reas be he 


. . < 
& ‘ 
. eo ff 
4 . , 


ae 


WEST INDIES 


The meeting | § 


From 
New York to 
Havana, Jam- 
aica, Panama 
Canal, Vene- * 
zuela, Wind-- . 
§ ward andLec- 
ward Islands, Virgin Islands, 
Porto Rico, Nassau and Ber- 
muda. 
t MEGANTIC (20,000 tons disp.) - 
Jan. 17, Feb. 18, Mar.20 


Largest dimensions of any steam- 
chip sailing to the tropics. Apply. 
Cruise Department for booklet and 
detailed information. Over 35 years’ 
cruise experience. 


No passports required. $300 and upwards . 


Atlanta Agent: J. T. herth, 
66 North Forsyth Street, 


Private lessons in Fash-* 
ionable ballroom dances,‘ 
by appointment. day or” 
doy nicht. at the studio, or 
| your home. , 


2h Phone Ivy 9854. 


© J. E. LANEF 


wedi 7 


GET YOUR 


FREE 


$1.00 PACKAGE OF 
GENUINE YEAST 
VITAMINE TABLETS 
. TODAY 
as explained in Free Coupon below 
good for five days. 
These are guaranteed to be 


THE GENUINE YEAST 
VITAMINE TABLETS 
repared from the original formula 
of Dr. Catrin of ag see of 
Medicine of Paris. 
THEY POSITIVELY CONTAIN 
NO DRUGS 


| We want to prove to you the difference 
| between taking Yeast 

| mixed with drugs (in which the quantity 
| of Vitamines is necessarily 


small) and Genuine Yeast 
Vitamine Tablets abso- 
lutely pure and unadult- 


* For further call at 


> . - er. -% & -& 
Phone 0 ee 
\ Fen etn  - Sea aes ng tee ~~“ i rn m1 ¢ 
ty x Lz ‘eee _* — 
ae EPA Bigs: 
* ies . 


a 


cs uk , "tag, 
iat ni - b9 ? as 
Fi ieee ta pases J te : x’ Pa ~ 
* * ae . A Y "i 
se Re Rea a ir S-a ™ Ee 3 


' dh ; mae - i 
4 ’ ook. - - « % 
Me a ? ei. set ee fee .# OA i al 
Re Bete Pee Lae See i ghd BRE ; 
PS REE ee ey 7 a ” ns 


~ 
&. 
~~“ - 


' pangements have 
i 


} erated in which you naturally get a 
much larger quantity of Vitamines. 


For this purpose and also to prove to 


ou the value of our Genuine Yeast 
itamine mg onan eed 
en 


: lutely free as 


taking Yeast Vitamine Tablets we want 
you to weigh yourself, and note espe- 
cially the thinness of your face, and the 
color of your complexion. Then mea- 

urself around the chest and the 


Investigations of the Medical Re- 
search Committee (composed of eminent 


i Viemiien, andde iscieon 
in Vitamines, 

firm flesh pan 4 i 
strength and 

blood contai 


vhile 


itamine Tablets 


Weigh Yourself, Then: 
Take Genuine Yeastz 


Vitamine Tablets—.< jj 
| and watch the results 7 4 


UERM F 


stren and e , should 
“ luce’ $1.00 PACKAGE ABSO- 


FREE, as explained below to | 


nutrition 
LUTEL 


run-down folks who wish to put on GOOD 
H, round-out face and figure, i their . 


"7 " 
-~’ a 


; 
a 
Fi 
; 


avs. 
a 


oe 
ox. 


° rs 

. a 

~ 8 

oe - 
> 


increase 
erful 


ee 


this wond 


readers of this paper, for next five days 
to prove to you what they will do. — 


: 


; 


E 
= 
& 
g 


L 


& 


ae 
3 
71 


i 
: 


z 


F 
3 


where Vitamines are necessary, organie ms 
iron is also necessary. ee 
For centuries scientists tried in vain tex 
uce ic iron. At last the problem 

was solved, so that you may now obtain a4 


2 
ter . Vigors 
ara 
UNLESS cS 
H YOUR WEIGHT INeow 
CREASED up to what a 2 
should mots weigh. ey 
not claim, however, that Vitamines 
will put flesh on $ — b 
spite ho 


e are naturally too 
ao in 
. a 


peat proteble rema 
Vitamines and everything e 


’ 4 


_ Saturday issued a formal statement 
galling attention of farmers to the | 
|  Geprgia Cotton Growers’ Co-operative 
: - association and highly commending it 


- fs 
ee 
aa” 
a 


* @pinion, the association is directing 


* 
Hy hs 


, _. @enstruction of our 
| @hanges are taking place in our in- 
# -‘@ustrial, commercial and agricul- 


N 


tural life. 


~ 


ELIMINATES, 


. 


ae 
nae / 
' aa 
ung 


 -totton is no Ionger a problem of the 


\ farmer does. 


ae 
ty 


i 7 Co-operative Association 
And Put State in Proper 
Light, Is Appeal. 


uw 


= 


ae 
IR ts : <<. Sato? oe 9% 3 
¥ ; 1 : Ta Pe 
* ‘ soR 3 GS we? $ 
© es oS ll ra, HT ss ea 
V4 » ee ay ae, | 
eS Ge 


- ; a " ae . re Se PE ge ie 
t 3, k 5 Waa wh rite ee ue Greet apn npnt Gita 33'S C4 4 
"hy x * ba) 
> ¥ mp. 
Sin KE Py ae " ‘ « 
on ae #3. 7 : 
“ P aah 
pPPAar iy Fe ail 
a fa br 
: ’ o 
. (a. ' ; 4 
. 7 1 
ts . : xe j 
; ' ” ; r 
- 3 ' , f 
- B : 
: Mf 
hs % ie 
> + . 
4 al 
wh 
* * 
; 


5 MARKETING 


Up With Georgia 


e? 


+ Declaring that the matter of secur- 
ing « fair and profStable price for 


individual i ( and cannot be solv- 
by the individual marketing sys- 
tem, Governor Thomas W. Hardwick 


and its purpopes. 


_ The governor stated that, in his 


the right move in the right direction, 
and he admonished every farmer in 
thie state to study the association. sign 
its contract and “put Georgia in the 
proper light with the other southern 
sfates in the movement to get a fair 
price for our principal product.” 

His statement in full follows: 


_ | Gevernor’s Statement. 
“To the public: 

“We are now passing through 
strenvous days in the economic re- 
land. Many 


Our country must get 
down to.real business and léarn 
How to save and make. Many 
wasteful methods in all lines of 
activity in our past must be elimi- 
nated. 

“Tt wish to call attention to the 

fact that the state of Georgia in 
the main is almost wholly an ‘agri- 
enitural state. 
+ “It is true our state has many re- 
sources other than farming, but it 
must-be borne in mind that our 
timber reserves are pretty well 
wyed up,.and the plow is now tak- 
ing the place of the forest. Our 
mining is limited, and our manufac- 
tu¥ing is small. Our main resource 
{e agriculture. 

“Then let us give our best efforts 
to making a prosperous agriculture 
for the state of Georgia. Let us 
do our best tn production, and let 
us exercise the utmost care jn the 
matter of marketing. 

% Great Benefactor. _ 

" “One of Georgia’s greatest bene- 
factors is the man, or group of men, 
who produce an article that the 
whole world needs and must have, 
and I know of no man, or set of 
men, who reaches to the remotest 
parts of the earth as the cotton 


“The cotton farmer touches every 
guarter “of the civilized world, but 
at that the cotton farmer has never 
had a voice in determining the val- 
ule of this most universally-needed 
and universally-used article, and it 
is on this subject that I wish to 
talk to the citizens of the state of 
Georgia, and to the farmers in par- 
ticular. 

“The question of getting the 
right price, and a profitable price, 
for cotton, to the farmers of our 


already been on display in ten coun- 


have attracted attention 


picture will explain its meaning and 


nia, Serbia, Turkey, Montenegro, Al- 
bania and in France. 


here under the auspices of the south- 


| Auto Association 


solved by the individual marketing 
system. 

“Individual selling of cotton only 
allows speculation and gambling 
to creep in, and demoralizes our 
markets and our prices. ? 

“I have studied the question from 
many angles, and I have become 
thoroughly convinced that our only 
hope for a stabilized market and a 
profitable price for the farmers and 
citizens of our state, lies in the co- 
operative marketing associations 
for cotton. | 

Stabilized Market. — 

“It is true we may not produce so 
much cotton in the future as we 
have in the past, but the ravages 
of the boll weevil and the uncer- 
tainty of gambling and speculating 


in cotton make it doubly important 
and necessary that the ‘farmers 


price. I wish, therefore, to call at- 
tention to the movement in Geor- 
gia, and in the south, to form the 
Cotton Growers’ Co-operative asso- 
ciation. 

“I believe it is the right move in 
the right direction, and [| further 
believe it to be the plain duty of 
every citizen who loves Georgia and 
the south to put his shoulder to the 
wheel and help in this great move- 
ment that will restore the buying 
power of the farmers, ahd bring 
prosperity to our state. 

“I am acquainted with the per- 
sonnel wf the men behind this move- 
ment, and know them to be of the 
highest type citizeng of the state. 

“I want to admonish every farm- 
er who expects to grow a bale of 
cotton in 1922, to study this agSo- 
ciation and movement carefully, 
and when he has made up his mind, 
as I have, to then sign the contract 
and put Georgia in the proper lignt 
with the other southern states in 
the movement.to get a fair price 
for our principal , product. 

“THOMAS W. HARDWICK, 


(Signed) “Governor.” 


MISS ANNA UPJOHN 
WILL TELL STORY 
OF RELIEF WORK 


Mrs. Albert Thornton, Sr., presi- 
dent of the Atlanta Federation of 
Women’s Clubs, urges all members of 
the organization to attend the meet- 


ing Thursday afternoon, January 12, 
and hear Miss Anna Milo Upjohn, 
well-known artist and Ked Cross 
worker, tell the story of relief work 
in Kurope during the war and since. 
Miss Upjohn will talk on her expe- 
riences in Europe with the Ked Cross 
and various other relief organizations. 
Miss Upjohn first went to Kurope as 
a volunteer civilian relief worker in 
1916. She remained near the western 
front until her party was compelled 
to retreat because of the German of- 
fensive. She then worked in Norman- 
dy in charge of a refuge colony. Later 
she worked with the children’s depart- 
ment of the Red Cross drawing pic- 
tures of European child life for an ex- 
hibit at Cannes. These pictures have 


} 
i 


tries and Miss Upjohn has gained 
wide recognition. Her pictures, which 
everywhere, 
will be on display for the benefit of 


Lave a stabilized market and a fair |. 


FS: eae ' ges k Me oa 2 : 
i: en SG See a ee eR ) 
| h aah v BE - os ? ae } j* # 


To Hear Playing 


Probably the most intensely inter- 
esting audience of the present musical 
season will be that drawn to the Au- 


ditorium Wednesday night for tue re- 
cital of Sergei Rachmaninoff, the 
great Russian composer and pianist. 
It will bring together almost every 
lover of the piano within miles of 
Atlanta, every teacher and student, 
every man and woman interested in 
the remarkable strides which HKussian 
music is making in this country. 

For Kachmaninoff is recognized as 
the foremost exponent of modern Kus- 
sian music before the public today. 
Besides several operas, standard 
the repertoire of Petrograd and Mos- 
cow, and numerous orchestral works, 
he ‘has written a vast amount of mu- 
sic for the piano, much of it familiar 
to pianists throughout the United 
States. His songs, too, appear on 
the programs of almost every concert 
artist of the higher type. 

Two of his own compositions ap- 
pear on the printed programs. One 
is a polka and is one of his famous 
“prelude in © sharp minor,” by far 
his most widely known work. For in 
his concerts Rachmaninoff subordi- 
nates himself to exalt-the works of 
other musicians.. There is a_ whole 
group devoted the Chopin, a tarentel- 
la by Liszt, several works by other 
composers and one of the great Bee- 
thoven sonata’s, that known as 
“opus 13,” . 

But even those who find no especial 
interest. in Rachmaninoff, the . com- 
poser, will nevertheless hear a master 
musician in Rachmaninoff. the pian- 
ist. ‘He won his first fame as a con- 
cert soloist, playing as a boy in the 
European capitals: and creating @ fu- 
rore before he had attained his ma- 
jority. Despite his arduous labors as 
a composer and conductor of the Kus- 
sian Imperial Opera, he has kept up 
his prestige as a pianist. 

There is nothing peculiar or freak- 
ish in Rachmaninoff’s ‘playing, as 
those Atlantans who heard him two 
seasons ago will remember. He plays 
without affectation of any kind. ‘Tall, 
broad of shoulder, and sober of coun- 
tenance, he lets the piano speak for 
him. 

Members of the Atlanta Music club, 
which is co-operating with the Salter 
Musical bureau in presenting the RKus- 
sian vituoso, expect one of the larg- 
est audiences of the season. Already 
the advance sale of seats at the Cable 
Piano company store indicates an as- 
semblage of unusual proportions, with 
hundreds drawn from other cities. The 
schedule of prices, from $1 to $2, 
has not been advanced. 


ELABORATE PLANS 
FOR MERCHANTS’ 
ANNUAL MEET 


the Atlanta public on the second floor | 
of Phillips & Crew from January 11, 
to January-15. Captions beneath each 


tell its history. 

Miss Upjohn was also 
Hoover commission in Slovakia in 
1916. She has done relief work in 
Greece, Palestine, Slovakia, Ruma- 


with the 


While in Atlanta Miss Upjohn will 
be the guest of the Atlanta Junior 
Red Cross. Her visit is being made 


ern division of the Red Cross, and it 
is planned by that organization to 
have her give talks on the Ked Cross | 
to Atlanta school children. 


i 


Of Atlanta Plans 


state, as well as to the citizens of 
our commonwealth, is not an indi- 
Yidual problem, and it cannot be 


Eat Heartily 
Without Dread 


Fat Anything You Like and Don’t 
Worry—Stuart’s Dyspepsia Tablets 
.Relieve Sour Stomach, Belching, 
: Gas and Acid Conditions 
, Due to Indigestion. 


Simply Chew a Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet 
/ After Meals—They Taste Good 


No matter what you eat or drink, 
even though it be just a glass of sweet 
milk, the:stomach may rebel and sour 
almost immediately. In such cases 
ene or two Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab- 
lets furnish the alkaline effect to off- 
set the acid condition. Quite often 
the stomach may be overcrowded with 
partially digested food. 

A cold bottle of beveraze at such 
tines may add to the difficulty, and 

re is gassinéss, a bilious taste and 
ether distresses due to indigestion. 
Travelers may save themselves mrch 
of the discomfort of wayside eating by 
having a box of Stuart's Dyspepsia 
Tablets with them, as they can be had 
in almost any drug store throighout 
the U. 8. and Canada.—(adv.) 


- ‘WIRELESS 
VACUUM CLEANER 


- TROUBLESOME ELECTRIC 
- CONNECTIONS | 

.NO WIRES, NO RUNNING 
. EXPENSE : 

- GIVE US A CHANCE TO 
-. DEMONSTRATE 


$5 Down; 
Weekly 


For Intensive Work | 


At a joint meeting of retiring and 
incoming officers and board of direc- 
tors of the Atlanta Automobile asso- 
ciation held last week at the Capital 
City club, plans were laid for inten- 
sive development of the association’s 
work during 1922. President D. C. 
Black, of the firm of Black and Maf- 
fett, has already indicated that many 
constructive plans will be undertaken 
for the benefit of automobile and ac- 
cessory dealers making up the mem- 
bers here, and special emphasis will 
be laid during the coming year on the 
work of the membership committee, 
with the idea of bringing the nu- 
merical strength of the organization 
up to a maximum. ‘There are only a 
few automobile dealers in Atlanta who 
are not now members, it is said, and 
these will be given an opportunity to 
join the association at an early date 
through a special membership cam- 
paign to be put on. 

Special attention is to be given by 
the automobile association this year 
to a code of ethics and business prac- 
tices established by it for the purpose 
of eliminating from the trade those 
whose business practices are unfair 
and unjust to the automobile-buying 
public. The association believes that 
automobile purchasers are entitled to 
fair play, and every effort will be 
expended to see that the standards of 
Atlanta dealers are kept at the high- 
est possible point. 

The next regular monthly meeting 
of the association will be held Wed- 
nesday. January 18. at which time 
those who have contracted for space 
at the southern automobile show, to 
be held at the Auditorium the week 
of February 11 will draw for their 
respective spaces. 

Affairs of the organization are 
cleared through a central office at 
305 Connally building, under the di- 
rection of C. V. Hohenstein, executive | 
secretary. It is affiliated with the | 
Atlanta Retail Merchants’ associa- 
ton. 


HEADS Y. M.C. A. | 
SPEAKING CLASS 


Horace Russell, city councilman and 
prominent young attorney, has been 
named head of the public speaking 
class for 1922 of the Young Men's 
Christian association, 75 Luckie 
street. ‘The course will start on 
February 7. WUuring the first year 
of its history, 1921, with Robert 
Jones as the leader, the course be- 
came popular among the young men 


of Atlanta, and even greater success 
is predicted for the class during 1922. 

Mr. Russell, who is a member of 
the law firm of Watkins, Russell & 
Asbill, is well qualified for his new 
appointment. While at -colleg® he 
won honors as a speaker. 


A new cou _ in fisheries is offered 
by the Massachusett» Institute of 
Technology, at the request of several 
large fishing companies, which feel 
the need of trained men in the direc- 
tion of the industry. Methods of gath- 
ering and transporting the fish. as 
well as the study of the fish and their 
habits will be included in the course. 


Students and faculty members of 
Bethany college, W. Va., recently 
worked all night to complete the floor- 
ing in the 250,000-zallon reservoir be- 
fore frost. The reservoir will supply 
water to the college and town. 


Ww. 


Plans for the annual meeting of tne 
Atlanta Retail Merchants’ association 
to be held at 7 o’clock on the evening 
of January 26 at the Capital City 
club, are maturing rapidly, it is an- 
nounced. The membership of the as- 
sociation is now nearly 200, and it 
is expected that this annual meeting. 
will approximate nearly 100 ‘per cent 
in attendance, Many contsructive 
plans are proposed by the association 
in the interest of its twembers during 
1922, and these will be discussed at 
the annual meeting. The work of the 
association during 1922 is expected by 
officials to establish a new record of 
service. 

The following members of the asso- 


‘ciation have been selected to deliver 


ten-minute talks on “Business Fore- 
cast for 1922 as Viewed from My 
Business:"” D. C, Black, president of 
the Atlanta Automobile association; 
W. Orr, vice president, George 
Muse Clothing company. and Winship 
Nunnally, president of the Nunnally 
Candy company. In addition, the 
meeting will be featured by the pres- 
ence of Governor Thomas W. Hard- 
wick and several other prominent lo- 
cal and state officials, in addition to 
a number of leaders in civic affairs 
of the city. The nominating commif- 
tee appoirted to suggest officers for 
1922 will make its report at this ses- 
sion. 

Reports of President Ivan F. AI- 
len, and C. V. Hohenstein, executive 
secretary, for the past year will be 


read and will deal at length with ace 


complishments of the association dur- 
ing the past year and projects the 
organization pronoses to sponsor in 
the interest of the membership and 
the Atlanta bnvine public during 1922. 


Start the 


NewYear 


HORACE RUSSELL | 


Better Eyes 
Better Work 


Have 


Your 
Eyes 


Jno. L. Moore & Sons 
Master Opticians 
_» Over a Quarter 


Nearly one-third of the words in 
English are . 


of Latin | 


2 « 
4 . . 
- 
» . 
a * * 
% Sat m 
es. 1 © . b Se eee hades? - Vig : 
2 * es eee, SS ig PERS oot ee S 
ae e 3 G tah? *. Be. sor F wee 
» © OOPS oe oh ¢ - an * 
& veka 5 a A Nis edie . Na WB eee ap re Si. 
P +i: \ Ba eee eae i: 
am het SRA on ee 
7 


Of Rachmaninoff: 


in ; 


Exatmined 


: 


: 


h 


_ 42.N. Broad |B 


Try it. It is easy. 


So spe " 
igor, 


S28 Rly ee a ata ee ee 
Winds more 

a Ns 
“ ¢ - q i 2 
heb tate BF peg ae. Peed i 


.* - ; ‘ bad ot a " . ah i, I a$ FP ee 
RD ge eae Se ae a A oe hy ager dad ee Sr Pere Cre af at Nie. re’ ns 


s 


) IT’S _ »S 
More Fun Than a Circus © 


Ls 
‘4 


' 
» \\ 


m HOW MANY OBJECTS 
Min, BEGINNING WITH THE LETTER © 
“S” CAN YOU FIND IN THIS PICTURE? } 


e 


> J hy 
| LEG jj We Wit 


SEE s -\. \ 

Without any trouble whatever you can readily see such objects as “shovel,” “sack,” “sign,” etc. Can’t you? Well; 
the others are Just as easy to see, but the idea is who can find the most. Fifteen big cash prizes will be given for the fifteen best lists of 
S-words submitted in answer to this puzzle. The-person sending in-the largest and nearest correct list of visible objects shown ia 
the picture, starting with the letter “S,” will win first prize,” the se cond best, second prize, ett. | 


EASY FOR YOU TO WIN $1,500.00 


If your list of “S-words” is awarded FIRST prize by the judges, you will win $50.00, but if you would like to win more than $50.00, 
we are making the following special offer, whereby you can win “BIG CASH PRIZES” by sending in ONE or TWO subscriptions. 


HERE'S HOW: If your answer to the “S-Word’ Picture Puzzle wins FIRST prize, and you have sent in ONE six-months’ subscription 
to The Atlanta Constitution, at $5.00, you will receive $500.00 instead of only $50.00; Second prize $350; third prize $350.00, etc. 
(See second column of figures in prize. list.) 7 


OR, if your answer wins FIRST Prize and you have sent in TWO six months’ subscriptions to The Atlanta Constitution at $5.00 each, 
or ONE yearly subscription to The Constitution at $9.50, you will receive $1,500.00 in place of only $50.00; Second prize $1,000.00; 
Third prize $1,000.00, etc. (See third column of figures in prize list.) 


It takes but two six-month subscriptions at $5.00 each, or ONE yearly subscription at $9.50 (either new or renewal) to qualify for the 
big $1,500.00 prize, or the second and third $1,000.00 prizes.- Absolutely that is all the subscriptions required.. You can do this with 
very little effort. Your own subscription can count. 


We can also take subscriptions to start at any future daté. Just mark on your order when you want the paper to start, and we will not 
commence delivery until you say. ' 


Here's Big Prize List ——, 


“ 
& _ 


Winning Answers Will Receive Prizes as Follows: 


Prizes given 
if one 6- 
month sub. 
scription is 
sent. 


Prizes given if 
one yearly or 
two 6-month 
subscriptions 
are sent. 


$1,500.00 - 
1,000.00 7 
1,000.00 . F 
250.00 
200.00 
100.00 


75.00 
50.00 


Prizée given 

if no gsub- 
scriptions 

are sent. 


od ao 


©Ooeo-I18Hh oP 


2.00 
2. 


OBSERVE THESE RULES 


and nearest correct list of “S-Words” will 
win first prize, ete. Neatness, style and 
hand-writing have no bearing upon de- 
‘ciding the winners, 


consideration, regardless of whether or 
not a subscription for The Atlanta Con- 
stitution is sent in ' ° 

10. There will*be three independent 
judges, having no connection with The 
Constitution, who will judge the answers 
submitted and award the prizes at the end 
of the puzzle game, and participants 
agree to accept the decision of the judges 
as final] and canclusive. . 

ll. The judges will meet right after 
the close and the announcement of the 
prize-winners and correct list of words 
will be published in The Constitution just 
as quickly thereafter as possible. 


- Subscription Rates 
DAILY AND SUNDAY. 
SUBSCRIPTION RATES: 
By Mail Carrier or Agent 

6 Months ...........$5.00 

1 Year obo ow téle 6 ow RED 


1. Any man, woman, girl or boy, who 
is not an employee ot Atlanta Constitu- 
tion, or a member of an employee's family, 
may submit an answer. It costs nothing 


hand corner. If you desire to write any- 
thing else, use a separate sheet. 
4. Only words found in the English 
dictionary will be counted. Do not use 
hyphenated, compound or obsolete words. 7. Candidates may co-operate if an- 
to try. ie co oo reer plural, _ swering the puzzle, but only B wins 
ee w " where e piural is used, the singular will be awarded to any one household; 
oo ers must be mailed by Jan cannot be counted.and vice versa. nor will prizes be awarded to more than 
uary <1, oe 5. Words of the same spelling can be one of any group outside of the family, 
3. Answers should be written on one used only once, even though used to des- where two or more have been .working 
side of the paper only, and each word | ignate different objects. The same ob- together. 
numbered consecutively, 1, 2, 3, etc. Do | ject can be named only once. However, 8: In the event of a tie for any prize 
not put more than one “S-Word” with | any visible part of the object may alse offered the full amount of such prize 
each number. Write your full name and | be named. é¥ will be paid to each tied participant. 
address on each page in the upper right- 6. “The person sending in the largest 9. All attiswers will receive the same 


- 


‘ eee 
le OO Oe Ee —eeee ee 


BIG PRIZE QUALIFYING BLANK 


J. L. DECKER, Puzzle Manager. 
The Atlanta Constitution, Atlanta, Ga. 


—Folks living on the 
farm, in the small town 
or in the. city can have 
an equally good time 


and all are guaranteed 
equal consideration in 
the awarding of. the 
prizes. 


j 
Extra’Puzzle Pictures 
Will Be Furnished Free 


Enclosed please find $..ccccccsss for The Atianta Constitution, to qualify 
my list of “S-words” for the larger booster prizes. - - 


Name oo eee sceccseveseseescsessceoeses NAMES hed dhed ed 


Postoffice FE a ae PR Mie nc Sa Postoffice COSCO EME SET EES OHA SES ESOS 


MOC cosccceccccscccevecccccsceccccccs MICH socccccccccscccvcccssecccceeccece 
| Only regular subscriptions 
of six months for $5 and one 
year for $9.50 will count in 
the puzzle game. 


. (Copyrighted, 1922, The 
Se LETS So Se ROSTERS SE SRS oe +9 ett it teen eee Pe ee ae ee ) 


or drafts : - 
» 4. ae ot . - d - * 4 
~ ees z ait 
ne” * . - : < 
et ~ Ac 4 ” Peete ae roe a) OS or eS en 
x . s 


R. F. D, e¢ecess State wT TTITTTITILITTT TE. FP. D, ecccee.- State Ceeeececseseecesesd 


State new or renewall...c.ccccceccccess State new ee Ee oe ger roe 


| THE ABOVE SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE TO BE CREDITED TO— 


ea @.7+ 


I | 
| . 


Atlanta Cor- 
‘ . wae eee . 
Fe RP alls Fite ra te 


s yi 
x % SS 


. 


2a. HR oe 


i. a 


6 we eS Ded 


ot % 


i eh, 


ATLANTA, @A., SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 8, 1922. 
STasseanavanvaav04a0d4uvuuaenegvennnnavanevuna4asaqsst44444¥0ec90e4000980000099N00000GCAUUUCU0H0001K000000000580000000000000004000G4U0800000980T0008000000000H000U00U00U0N000000000500000800000004490000CHH0USU0U001000CU000000000000Q0000000UU00000U00UE0000000000000000000U00000HE mW 


VOL. LIV., N6..210. 
E4gA4Cs4US00HN0ALSOUSOUNNGEOSONUAUOOUOOSOONOGEONOOOUEQUEOUEAEAUCOUEASUOGEHUEQOEOUCOSEOoeOCeOCeOOuOCEOtY 


Fortunately for the South, however, 
cotten has regained its equilibrium and 
is steadily advancing, and replacement 
costs on all cotton goods are now much 
higher than the prices we paid back in 
November. ie 

February’s prices are bound to be much higher. 


We have actually paid more for February deliv- 
eries, and faetory quotations indicate a still 


N starting our annual January sale of 
white, we are not comparing prices 
with war-time figures, but are offering 
fresh, certified qualities of goods at 
their true worth now. 


, acs 
~~ 
> Py 
- m é 
| ’ , 
’ ' if : 
Be { f 
. ‘ « ‘ “ Genet on era. ® \elerg one 
“ . agro fin ‘ age te) ‘ a eGoutas = 
ae . fos +f Tepe t. - uae 8 oe ar 
t 3 etry wae 
: aie 


100 Dozen Huck Towels 


New Undermuslins 
$1.10 Doz. 0 each 


—at January Sale Prices 


And, because these goods were bought when the 
market was at its lowest ebb—when manufac- 
turers were frantic over the continued decrease 


The garments for this sale have just been 
unpacked, and will be on display tomorrow 
in all their pristine freshness. 


They were bought on a favorable market 
from some of the best manufacturers of 
the country, and even at the lowest price 
we quote, they are generously cut and neat- 
ly finished. Substantial lingerie fabrics are 
used in their making, and all trimmings are 
neat and dainty. 


Gowns and I eddies 


98c 


—Gowns of batiste or nainsook, round or deep 
V necks; some with wing sleeves. Val lace 
trimmed or neatly finished with hemstitching. 


—Teddies of Windsor crepe, dimity-checked voile, 
satin-striped voile and batiste. Built-up shoul- 
ders or ribbon straps; tailored or lace trimmed ; 
flesh and white. More than two dozen different 
styles to choose from, 


Gowns and Teddies 
is | 9 


—Gowns of Windsor crepe in flesh, white and 
orchid, finished with fancy stitching in contrast- 
ing colors. 

—Teddies of Windsor crepe, satin-striped voile, 
batiste and brocaded tissue. Some with colored 
hand-embroidery. Others hemstitchd or feath- 


erstitched. Heavy satin ribbon straps. Dainty 
beading, ribbon-run tops. ‘i 


Gowns.and T eddies 
$ 50 


—Teddies made of fine 88 nainsook, which is recog- 


¢ 


nized as one of the best lingerie fabrics. Trimmed 
in dainty Val lace or medallions. Built-up or 
ribbon straps. Beading tops, ribbon run. 


—Gowns of Windsor crepe in beaufiful floral pat- 
terns, finished in fancy stitching. Gowns of 
nainsook with deep yokes of fine Val lace. Gowns 
of society voile in white, flesh and orchid. Moy 
than a dozen styles. 


Gowns and Teddies 
$ 98 


—Wa£ndsor crepe gowns in several different styles, 
finished in hemstitching, fancy stitchery, etc. 
Also exquisitely dainty models of batiste and lace, 
and pretty society voiles in white and colors. 


—Teddies of fine nainsook and other pretty Jingerie 


materials finished with hemstitching or dainty 
Val laces. Built-up shoulders of heavy ribbon 
straps. Several different styles. 


in raw cotton—we own our stocks at figures 
greatly under the average. 


greater increase, so now is the time to stock up 
on piece goods, linens, towels, sheets and pillow 
cases. 


Superb Linens \ 


The quality of ‘‘Keely Linens’”’ is tradition- 
al. We have supplied many families to the 
second and third generation. We have a 


right to be proud of them because only 


qualities of: proven worth find a place in 
our shelves. 


/2-Inch All-Linen $ 69 
Irish Damask, yard - - - 


—Here is a linen that outclasses anything we have 
seen in over five years at the price. It is a heavy 
lustrous, pure Irish linen, made from the finest 
kind of yarn—woven and bleached in _ Ireland. 
Comes in several pretty patterns. 


—22-inch Napkins to match, $6.95 doz. 


All-Linen Irish $ 5-79 
Damask Cloths - - - - - 


—Some pretty designs in these heavy all-linen 
damask cloths, bordered all around, measuring 
2x2 yards. For round or square tables. 


—All-linen Breakfast Cloths woven out of good 
Moravian flax. Size 58 inches. A wonderful value 
at $3.95. 

—Extra heavy snow white Satin Damask in sev- 
eral pretty designs—dot, stripe, lily, clover -and 
chrysanthemum. Special, 8§c yard. 


All-Linen 
Pillow Cases 


—Average size cases with spoke hemstitched ends. 
Only a few dozen pairs left to sell at, pair $2.69 


Clearance | 3 -Piece 
All-Linen Luncheon Sets 


—These are all in pretty embroidered designs re- 
sembling real handwork. A limited number left 
from holiday sales. Regular $6.50 ° 

value, to be closed out at, set 


—Hand-made Crochet Luncheon Sets—25 pieces. 
These were imported from Palestine—every stitch 
hand-made. A regular $15 value. 

Special, set 4 


The Pictorial Monthly 


has been reduced from $2.50 to $1.50 year 
—or i5c 2 copy. Call at our pattern counter and let 
us send in your subscription. 


We are also glad to annouyce the artival of the 
new Spring fashion book. Call and get your copy. 


White Goods Economies 


Great quantities of snowy white fabrics, 
fresh from the mills, ready for deft fingers 
to turn into dainty lingerie, children’s gar- 
ments or baby clothes. Exquisite qualities 
that will wear well and launder beautifully. 


Keely Quality 
English Longcloth 


—Soft finished, firmly woven Longcloths, 36 inches 
wide, free from starch or dressing. In 10-yard 
bolts, $1-35, $1-69, $1.95, $2.50, $3.00. 


Keely Quality 
English Nainsook 


—Fine, soft qualities, worthy of the handwork 
women like to put on them for infants’ clothes 
and damty underwear. : 
12-yard bolts—$3.95, $4.25, $4-39, $4.95, $6.50. 
10-yard bolts—$1.39, $1.69 and $3.50 bolt. 


100 Pieces 36-Inch $ 39 
English Nainsook - - - - 


This is less than today’s wholesale cost. Material 
is a nice quality in a soft, firm finish, contructed to 
wear long. Comes in 10-yard pieces, 


Japanese Idol 
Lingerie Fabrics 


—Several pretty designs including dainty checks; comes in 
both flesh and white. 10-yard boxes; per box 


—36-inch Japanese crepe in both white and pink; priced 
lower than ever at, yard 


—Fine imported Irish Dimity in small and medium checks 
for lingerie and _ children’s clothes; specially priced 
59c and 75c 


—Beautiful, sheer Dimities, ideal for children’s garments, 
aprons, blouses, _ ete. Exceptionally high qualities 
25c, 35c and 40c 


—Plain Flaxons, a complete assortment of several pretty 
qualities of these sheer, fine fabrics, special at 
25c, 35c, 40c and 50c 


Pongee Linen Suiting 
In White and Colors 


—QOn exhibition for the first time tomorrow morning. 
About fourteen shades, besides white, including pink, rose, 
blue, brown, helio, lavender, tan and yellow. 36-inches 
wide, yard 


50 pieces fine Cotton Suiting in pretty shades of pink, 
gray, blue, putty, green, lavender, rose, light and medium 
blue and ecru. 36-inches wide, yard 39c 


Special January Sales Sheets and Pillow Cases 


High-class sheets:and pillow cases are offered in our 
January White Sales below present market values. 
Bought months ago when cotton was lower than it 


Wearwell Sheets 


A sheet of sterling quality, dependable and free from 
starch or dressing. Heavy tape edge that prevents 
tearing. Full bleached and seamless. 


wo $1.45 $1.55 
Each ¢ |. Med 


36-inch Fruit of Loom 
Muslin, yard .... 


19c 


7 


: Thgse Pillow Case Specials 


—42x36 Wearwell Pillow Cases, each ......vecsseee-39e 
42x36 Utica Pillow Cases, each. .....cccrcrcescass -45€ 


had been in some time, we were able to secure the 
lowest prices. All goods are of the best standard 
qualities, the kinds we have been handling for years. 


Security Sheets 


Full bleached, seamless sheets, free from starch. Very 
soft finish, which will launder heavier. Uudoubtedly 
the best sheet value in the South. 


$1.31 


81x90 
Each 


81x99 
Each 


36-inch Unbleached | 
Muslin, yard mine pie 


~~ 42x36 Utica Hemstitched Cases, eacu eee e@ene te ee . a .B0c 
—45x36 Utica Hemstitched Cases, each.....++sees+++-55e 


Woven of a good quality heavy huck, hemmed, 
measuring 14x20 inches. Especially good for ‘of- 
fices or institutional use, 


—Hemmed Huck Towels with red or white woven 
border ; ‘sizes 17x34 and 18x36 inches. Special, 
each 1§c. 


—18x36 hemmed, extra heavy Hutk Towels, pure 
white—a real-30c value. January sale price, 
each 1gce. 


—Hemstitched white Huck Towels, size 18x36 
inches. An extraordinary value at, each 2§c. 


—All-linen Huek Towels, 19x38 inches—an extra 
heavy grade,'soft and absorbent. Sold for 65¢ 
each—a real bargain at, each 4g9¢. 


—20x36 fine satin-bordered Towels with hem- 
stitched edges and medallion for initialing. Reg- 
ular $1.25 value, each 75¢. 


Oriental Bath Mats 


—A clearance sale of about 60 fine mats in one de- 
sign; a good, dark, serviceable color in Oriental 


effects. One we sold during the ? 19 
holidays at $3.50. Special, each .. e 


Hemmed Crochet Bed Spreads 


—82x94 inches, handsomely constructed and a 
heavy quality. A regular $3.95 value $2 95 
long as too last. ‘Special, each e 


Soiled Bed Spreads 
and Blankets Reduced 


All blankets and spreads that have become soiled 
from counter display are subjected to a deep cut in 


price. Some wonderful values to be had in this 
sale. 


Good News! 


Just Received Shipment 
Arch Rest Oxfords 


Those of you who have been waiting for 
these pretty, shapely oxfords to come in 
will be delighted to know they’re here. 


—Black Kangaroo ...$ 8 
—Soft Black Kid .....$ 9 
—Tan Russia Calf ...$ 9 
—Soft Brown Kid....$ro 


Why Women Wear Arch Rest Shoes 


—Because they hold the bones of the feet in proper 
place, and won’t let the arches sag, causing tired or 
aching feet and pains in the back. 


—Hold their shape and fit the arch like a well-fitted 
giove fits the hand. 


—Elevate the arch and equalize the weight from ball to 
heel, . 


—Relieve that pain in the arch and under ball of foot. 


~—Not a cripple-foot shoe, but one that prevents foot 
troubles. 


—And withal they cost no more than ordinary shoes, but 
they are worth far more. Fs 


We are receiving daily, pretty. 
new straps in patent, 
satin and kid 


—all reason- 
ably. priced. 


- 


—s 


t 


¢ 


% a a ay » 
Mace fi SS gk ra ¥ a . - 
& buses” a> 28 et 5 ¥, * ae he? $56 Ta , - _ Ae n ie 
m BAS "es Pm et 1 gene Sate Ee Pit 2 SER PR CR, SS Ley aoe me o. 3: x . RLF . : 
3 oS : Ty naa > A ee ot a OE as ae Se ee 


Pi ah 
o 


4, ae 


i wupanusuanuangvuneansgunnnanccenunane cone eanasteegnuendtavenaptocneaneessuccennucueegsaueeasoecassnscegucenggneagvnnenegnetanecengggcesuuuseeggucengsnoseeagsezessunseOneeeesHeeesgdseUsNOUOOUOUOEREDHERQOQROONOUDHOUUOOUOOUOOOSCUOHOUOGOOQOOUOGOOOUUUNL \OOQDOUGOUNAOGANDAEERUGGAOUEU GAA ONTDAAOOASER ASOD DODEDODROD SORES ULOOD OEE OAETEOEN 


al ee 


Y he 2 aay * 


Pie 


HOLLIDAY, Constitution Boliding, 
manager for all territory 


7 


§ (Men and the System. 


There can ba no doubt that an 
‘ {gerease in the personnel of the At- 
Tanta police force is absolutely 
_ ;mecessary, = | 
, \Jt is incomprehensible that At- 
‘lanta should have gone on threugh 
+ eleven Yéars without an addition 
' to the strength of its police depart- 
+ ment. There has been during that 
} time no increase in the number of 
| policemen sefving the city, but 
} thére has been, in effect, an actual 
" decrease on account of the fact 
| that many of the men heretofore 
Spngaged in patrol work have neces- 
Searily been assigned to traffic duty, 
Zwhile none were in this service 
eleven years ago. 
| "There can be no argument as to 
vche imperative demand for an im- 
mediate and substantial increase in 
che numerical strength of the de- 
sartment. The very fact that not 
i night passes without its increas- 
‘ng quota of holdups and_bur- 
\ rlaries, and, that assassins are 
abroad and at work almost every 
‘night, making it unsafe for any 
‘isitizen to use the streets or even to 
‘venture into his own back yard 
“after nightfall, preclude argument 
as to the necessity for more police- 
‘men. 
F This increase in the police force 
“should be authorized without a 
‘day's delay. 
- The next regular meeting of 
‘council will be held on the 16th 
inst. . 
, It should act and act promptly 
on the petition ‘of the police board 
for more men. 
i But the city must not deceive It- 
“self for a moment upon the theory 
<that more men will remedy the sit- 
‘uation UNLESS THE SYSTEM 
{UNDER WHICH THE DEPART- 
“MENT OPERATES 18 CHANGED! 
‘ A regiment of policemen would 
See ineffectual under: the present 
“system of police department opera- 
tien. | 
* Without a change in the existing 
Syystem it will be impossible for 
F the department to operate efficient- 
jy with whatever number of men. 
4 If a regiment of soldiers go into 
Evattle undisciplined, _ unorganised 
fand uncontrolled, it can easily be 
swiped out by @ handful of disci- 
Fplined and effectively organized 
men. , 
, That is the trouble with the At- 
;lanta police force today, and it is 
-going to eontinue to be until the 


a 


ae | 


Atianta, by an overwhelming ma- 
jority at the ballot box, has ex- 


‘oreesed Its determination that a 
: shange must be made! 

Under the existing system there 
is a lamentable lack of organiza- 
with a consequent lessening 
efficiency. 
| We say this without reflection 
 sapon the chief of police. He is un- 
:- —sneghve nego gaara 


. 


TPA Soe 


~~ 


CF? eas 


- 


2 8 


aad TTVESs wet 


Oe. 


san; but under the present system’ 


| }the most efficient chief that ever 

. 4} | a.police department 

> os any city in the world would be 

practically helpless, and powerless 
a : 


5 Se ips Bi 
Sa. Be 
— : 
” 


fs 


if he cannot produce results he 
.should be displaced and succeeded 
‘by one who can. 

Under the present system the po- 
lice department has from time im- 
memorial been enmeshed in poli- 
tics. ‘ “ 

Worse than that, it has been 
proven conclusively during the last 
year that some of those in respon- 
sible positions on the force have 
been involved up to their necks in 
corruption! 

The fact that this condition could 
exist, does a gravé injustice to 
many splendid, nonorable,. con- 
scientious men who are members 
of the police force. It is unfair to 
them that these worthy, self- 
respecting policemen should be, as 
they are, laboring under an all- 
pervading shadow of the develop- 
ments of the past year. 


Ten of their associates have al- 
ready been convicted In the courts 


| or are awaiting trial under indict- 


ments charging malfeasance. 
The solution of this situation is 
in the hands of council. 


With the hold-over members of 
council who have gone on record 
as being in favor of a change in 
the system, together with the great 
majority of the new members, who 


lice reorganization, council is over- 
whelmingly In control of men who 
are recorded as favoring: a revolu- 
tlonary change in the system of 
police administration. 

Undoubtedly every possible polit- 
ical Influerice will be brought to 
bear, clandestinely and subtly, to 


prevent councli trom doing what 


an overwhelming majority of Its 
members are .solemnly pledged 
to do. 

The effort to prevent the ma- 
jority police-reform members from | 
redeeming their promises to the 
people will undoubtedly be power- 
ful and détermined, and will put 
the mettle of every one of them 
to a severe test. 

it remains to be seen whether 
those members are strong enough 
to resist such pressure. 

If they are, we will have a police 
department that will be a real po- 
lice department instead of a trav- 
esty. gol pm oe 
It will be a system that will give: , 
the real men in the department a 
chance to demonstrate what is in 
them—an opportunity that is Im- 
possible under existing conditions. 
THE PEOPLE OF ATLANTA 
EXPECT COUNCIL TO DO WHAT 
A LARGE MAJORITY OF ITS 
MEMBERS HAVE GONE ON 
RECORD AS SAYING THEY 
WOULD DO IF GIVEN THE OP- 
PORTUNITY. 

The Constitution believes that it 
will do this. 

If it does, all will be well. 

If it does not, then the last thu- 
nicipal primary election campaign. 
in which the people thought they 
won a clean-cut victory for law 
and order and civic decency, will 
have been mild as compared with 
the one that will take place this 
year! 

Atlanta has reached a _ point 
where it cannot and will not any 
longer submit to a continuance of 
existing crime conditions! 

The situation here now is simi- 
lar to that existing in the wild west 
in ploneer days, when relief was 
secured only through the organiza- 
tion of vigilance committees. 
When the people took matters 
into their own hands with rope and 
halter the atmosphere was very 
soon clarified! : 

Our people are weary of this 
saturnalia of murder, thuggery, 
holdups and house-breaking, with 
the constant get-away of offenders! 
The next move is up to council; 
and The Constitution looks to it 
with full confidence that its mem- 
‘bers who have gone on record as 
favoring good government, law and 
order, to be brought about by 
changing the present system of po- 
lice administration, are going to 
stand by their pledges and by their 
record. 


- Worst of it is, the drybone law 
also covers mince pie with a 
“kick.” 


With the man and the dollar 


working, in this bright year, the 
bankbook will be rich reading. 


Now for forest preservation till 


ms € cco > Hel 
at ei ie Ea” » ies A ; i; a ee CRS 78s 
; Ps By 22 


were elected on a platform of po-/|. 


the next Christmas tree harvest. | 


, Bice the robbers are raiding} *!! 


“3 
Je . “ 7 
ps a » SS ic ae +- . =a S 
¥ Sie te te 4 eye eT a ee oS %~yt og Cs ite : caret BN 
AE gn eS Binge Be ne TR sameere: oO a a aR: See REEAF: > 2 
: ye eee. eae ee oS 4) . 4 
2 ; * 


ae ero / Meng t > 4: 
SE nee og ARS i 
‘t- a bigpivt~ 4 


PR Re oii, es Nae Lg Be 
ROE Bae cae, te ee Ee ee man 4 
, >. ; z ne » is 7 : 
army ? 
’ a . 7 . ral 


be held responsible for results, | too drank to shoot straight. 


: et 
_ ee 


GRAND OPERA, 1922. 
| The Atlanta Music Festival -as- 
another season of Metropolitan 
week beginning next April 24, sub- 
ject, of ‘course, to the usual guar- 
antee. | 

Metropolitan grand opera week 
is now an Atlanta institution. Since 
its inception eleven years ago it 
has been steadily extending its 
sphere until now its field embraces 
the whole section south from the 
Ohio river, east from the Missis- 
sippi, to Virginia. 

Hard times? Yes. 

But times were har® ‘ast year, 
but opera got through; and it will 
get through again this year, espe-: 
cially since the Metropolitan pro- 
gram this year is far more attrac- 
tive than was that of 1921. 

The mere fact that times are 
hard does not presuppose that peo- 
ple should curl up in their shell 

eschew all enjoyment, éspe- 
cially cultural enjoyment of this 
kind. ‘ 

Such a policy would only aggra- 
vate a bad situation, tend to make 
times harder, and lead to insanity. 

The tendency of a season of good 
music is to put the people in a 
more cheerful frame of mind, and 
to enable them to more quickly 
overcome their worries. is 

Anyhow, times are growing bet- 
ter; and by spring the chances are 
conditions will be well on the last 
lap of the road to “normalcy”— 
which means prosperity. 

New York and Chicago have én- 
joyed grand opera for years; and 
every. year the people of those 
cities have gone into their pockets 
to the tune of hundreds of thou- 
sands of dollars to make up grand 
opera guarantee deficits, To guar- 
antee there, is to pay, zor lose is 
assured in advance. 

This will be Atlanta’s eleventh 
season, and the enterprise has 
made the remarkable showing of 
never having had to call upon a 
guarantor for a penny. 

The same thing will probably be 
true this year. 

But suppose it should be other- 


would begrudge the loss of a small 
percentage of his guarantee, as 
against no grand opera season? 

Metropolitan grand opera is one. 
of the best investments Atlanta 
ever made; and there is not a guar- 
antor but who, if need be, .would 
gladly come up with his proportion 
of the guarantee, rather than to 
see the city deprived of this regu- 


lar week of grand opera. 


OUR RURAL SCHOOLS. 
Atlanta is soon to begin. con- 
struction work in accordance with 
& program that calls for the ex- 
penditure of $4,000,000 in the im- 
provement and expansion of its 
public school system, 

This development is wisely plan- 
ned and timely. Not. a dollar of 
the cost entailed will be begrudged: 
by any citizen who has the welfare 
of the city at heart. The sum to 
be expended is small enough con- 
sidering the requirements of our 
school system and the extent to 
which it has been neglected. 

It is gratifying that other cities 


| 


ones, are expending or planning to 
expend proportionate sums of mon- 
ey—raised or to be raised by the 
bonding method, as was ours—in 
improving the standard of their re- 
spective public school facilities. 

It is a pity that so little effort 
of this kind is being directed to- 
ward the improvement of the in- 
adequate, poverty-stricken educa~ 


| tional facilities with which the rnu- 


ral districts of Georgia, taking the 
state as a whole, are equipped! . 
And what is true of Georgia in 
this respect is likewise true to a 
greater or less extent throughott 
the country, the general tendency 
being to build up school facilities 
in the urban centers of population} 
while correspondingly little atten- 
tion is being paid to the rural com- 
munities the boys and girls of 
which are equally as valuable, and 
entitled to the best there is in the 
way of educational opportunities, as: 
are those of the cities and towns. | 
Statistics compiled from the 
1920 decennial census show that. 
the rural districts continue to be: 
the stronghold of illiteracy among 


most of the illiteracy and educa- 
tional deficiency in the cities are 
to be found among the foreign ele. 
ment, in the rural communities it. 
is the native-born citizens among 
whom the lack of educational facil- 
ities Is most apparent. 

“This,” says the Houston Post, 
commenting upon the census fig- 
ures report— 


“is a feaful indictment the census 
figures bring. against the rural 
school as it now exists, and it chal- 
lenges the thought and effort of the 
best minds of the country to remove 
it. 
“When it is considered that two- 
thirds of the schools of the country 
are in the rural districts, the urgent 
necessity of improving the educa- 
tional facilities for the country 
children becomes readily apparent. 
“The rural schoo! problem is really 
the big problem in education today. 
There is much to be done in the 
cities and towns, it is true. Nearly 


re a ? " 
a . 2S . 
’ 7 i 
“+ 
+ j 7 ’ 
- 
+ od “ag fi 
ae 4 
* 


sociation has closed a contract for | 


grand opera in Atlanta, for the} stii-many one-room schools, too 


|} American children *being permitted 


wise? What public spirited citizen |. 


of Georgia, especially the larger| 


native-born Americans—that while}. 


among the native whi 


@ifferent situation. 
been much less rapid. There are 


many schools with short terms, 
with incompetent teachers, with bad 
locations, and with insufficient lo- 
cal interest in their welfare. It is 
bad enough to find illiteracy among 


or less strangers in the land, but 
there is surely no éxcuse for native 


to grow up in ignorance.” 


spect, for our cities and towns to 
intensify in school building and in 
providing. for the educational needs 
of their children of this and future 
generations. 

But no state can possibly attain 
the maximum of its possibilities 
for the development of good, en- 


citizenship until equal attention is 
paid, and equal effort devoted, to 
the enhancement of popular educa-. 
tion in the country communities. 


THE CHILD AND LABOR. 

In a speech in the senate a few 
days ‘ago Senator Porter J. Mc- 
Cumber, of North Dakota, said that 
the way to develop good citizen- 
ship in growing boys and girls is 
to keep them busy. | 

“Work,” he declared, “is what 
they need and what they ought to 
have to make them self-supporting 
citizens,” And he went on to say 
that “The idea {sg growing that a 
child should not work until he is 
sixteen years old, but if he never 
works until then he never will 
learn to work.” 


There is truth in what the sena- 
tor says; and nobody can deny but 
that it is better for any child, 
boy or girl, to have certain duties 
to perform each day — certain 
chores to do night and morning— 
than to be permitted to spend all 
of their time, when awake, in play; 
and wise parents will see to it that 
their children have these daily 
routine tasks and insist upon their 
being performed thoroughly, well 
and with “snap” and precision. 


That makes for industry and pur- 
pose in lite, -while.a surfeit of 
ease makes for indolence, 


But, as The Brooklyn Eagle 
truthfully said, im commenting 
editorially upon the femarks of 
Senator McCumber— 

“Nevertheless, thé crime of send- 
ing little slaves into the factory of 
into the field to labor long hours 
under taskmasters, the paternal or 
maternal power being behind the 
slave driver, is not to be condoned 
by any humane mind. The motive 
is sordid. The stunting of livee is 
inevitable. In. defending what is 
done in the beet sugar fields, Sena- 
tor McCumber is trying to make 
black séem white and white seem 
black, which is unworthy of even a 
North Dakota statesman.” 


There is reason in all things, 
and driving any policy or rule of 
conduct to an unreasonable ex- 
treme is injurious. 


It is just as injurious to over- 
work a growing child—~injurious in 


a physical sense—as it is to per- 
mit him to fritter away his child- 
hood days in frivolity, which in- 
evitably leads to mischief if not 
something more serious. 

The “happy medium” 
thing. 


is the 


NEWBERRY AS AN “ISSUE.” 
That the Newberry case will fig- 
ure conspicuously as an issue in 
the 1922 congressional campaigns 
is regarded by political forecasters 
as-being a foregone conclusion. 
“It matters. not what the final 
result may be,” writes James A. 
Hollomon, our Washington corre- 
spondent— | 
“the issye will be capitalized by the 
Gemocratse, abetted by the group of 
progressive republicans who are ac- 
tively fighting the Michigan sena- 
tor who is acknowledged to be hold- 
ing a $200,000 seat.” 
- ‘The other day, according to Mr.. 
Hollomon, Senator Borah advisea 
Senator Frelinghuysen, who is a 
candidate for re-election next fall, 
‘that “if you vote to seat Newberry 
there’s no use of your running for 
re-election; you will be defeated.” 


- Regardless of whether Newberry 
succeeds or fails in his attempt to 
gain recognition as a “duly elect- 
ed” senator, the fact will remain 
that he was found guilty, by a 
_jury, of having virtually bought 
his election and was sentenced by 
a judge to serve a term in prison 
for violation of the corrupt prac- 
tices law. 


sentence were upset on a techni- 
-cality by .the Untted States su- 
preme court, but that. will have 
littie wéight with the average 
voter. | % | 

It will be hard to convince him 
that Newberry did not resort to 
corrupt methods in his campaign 
for the Michigan senatorship, and 
he is not likely to look with favor 


any senator who may vote to vali- 
date a commission gained by such. 
means. 


When congress a holiday 
the thankful country one too. - 


“Put money in you 


more and better 


cities need 
School buildings, 


- » / 4 
“ar, bh iw et Le SS bet 
ia ~~ . ~ re 5 - i. ‘ s ie, . me ‘ », ; ‘ 42 : = 
SR on, eee BP Fi ta RR 2 Set 
dk ris oe A Rk EM a AR ee tas 
Mk Yh ag a a a ‘ 3 


Lf 


lightened, efficient and contented | 


upon the political aspirations ‘of | 


purse” in} 


the children of aliens who are more 


It is commendable in every | re-} 


| 


a spiritual and moral, as well as in‘ be 


Jt is .true that the verdict and | - 


+. anees. Bertrande bore him two 


E 
* Z oe di cal a | ‘ 
” P ie ; 2 


er 
: 3 Piel 


B me a 8 ee iets oo NS 
When It Comes to New 


> 


Y 


. % 


x ) | 


BY FRANK L. STANTON. 


When it comes to New Year, though you’re gettin’ old an’ gray, 


With light an’ love around him, 


chime? 


you!” 


Who’s a-wantin’ for to 


With the bells of Mornin’ ringin’, can he hear the Evenin’ 


O it’s “Howdy to the New Year!” with a thousand joys in view, 


An’ you think it’s sayin’, hearty: “Jes, the best o’ times to 


O it’s that way, high an’ low, 
As the grayhaired fellers know: 
While the movie-pictur’’s goin’ 


The world’s so full o’ wonders that a feller wants to stay 
To the last endurin’ limit! Though he travels kind o’ slow, 
While the movie pictur’’s goin’—well, it ain’t his time to go! 


So, it’s, “Tarry yet a day, 

While the new world whirls away! 
It’s brighter an’ it’s better 

Than they ever sing or say!” 


an’ new wonders ajl the time,— 


go? 


TEXT AND PRETEXT 


M. ASHBY JONES 
SCRAP THE PISTOL, 


I rise for the purpose of moving that 
we prohibit the manufacture of pistols, 
and “scrap” all those that are now in 
existence. No, I won't accept any 
amendments or reservations whatso- 
ever, Of course, [know that this is a 


proposal to take away the sacred rights 
of the ancient order of bandits, and in- 
terference with the infant industry of 
manufacturers of firearms, aud a direct 
attack upon the liberties of that innu- 
merable company who indulge in the 
indoor sport of killing their friends and 
little children with “guns which are 
not loaded.” I am also ready for the 
inevitable storm of protest which al- 
ways come from those staunch defend- 
ers of everything “which ‘has always 
been,” against every suggestion ofa 
change. 


Together with everybody else who 
reads the newspapers, I have become 
appalled at the increasing list of dar- 


ing robberies, often accompanied by 
murders, which greets us at our break- 
fast tables each morning. And it ap- 
pears to me that instead of decréasing, 
we must look forward to an increasing 
number of these tragedies. The more 
daring and successful the “holdup,” 
the more suggestively tempting will] 
the story be to others to enter the game 


Success in Concealment. 
In searching for the secret of success 
in the revival of this ancient profession 
of banditry, I find the answer to be the 


pistol. It is a concealed weapon. It 
carries into our most crowded streets 
and busiest marts, all the horrors of the 
submarine. Any ordinary-looking per- 
son may put this deadly instrument 
into his pocket, choose his place and 
time, “get the drop” on his victim, 
terrorize the bystanders, and then the 
greater the crowd on the street, the 
more easily he escapes. Now, elimi- 
nate the pistol, and not one of these 
affairs could be pulled off. Men can’t 
stroll around with rifles or shotguns 
over their shoulders. With any form 
of knife, or bludgeon, the criminal must 
within arms’ reach of his victim, 
and bystanders do not run nearly so 
greatarisk of interfering. I am con- 
vinced that a little careful thought, in 
the light of recent experiences, wil] 
reveal the truth that itis the pistol, 
and the pistol alone, which gives the 
criminal this deadly advantage over an 
unarmed civilization. 


That we already have a law forbid- 
ding a man to carry a “concealed 
weapon,” recognizes that the real dan- 


ger lies in the fact that the weapon 
is “concealed.” It also shows the atu- 


can’t touch him. You can’t search 
any man without a warrant, and you 
can’t secure a warant until] in some 
way the man bas revealed some evi- 
dence that he has a concealed weapon. 
But he is not the dangerous man. The 
dangerous man is the. one who has so 
completely concealed his weapon that 
no one suspects he has it. In order to 
make us safe, under this method, it 
would be necessary to search every- 
body. 

Whatever criticism may be made of 
the police in other respects, it is folly 
to blame a policeman for not prevent- 
ing a man with a pistol concealed in hig 
pocket from drawing it at whatever 
time and place he may deliberately 
choose to commit a robbery. Ten thou- 


sand policemen in Atlanta couldn’t pre- M 


vent this.. The reason is apparent. 
The policeman can’t take the initia- 
tive. The criminal has every advan- 
taage, so long as his weapon, and with 
it his purpose, is concealed. 


Defense or Danger? 
The only possible defense of the pistol 


is that it is a weapon of defense. I 
imagine it would be an interesting reve- 
lation if we could list on one side the 
murders, homicides and dangerous ac- 
cidents, committed by the pistol, and 
on the other side place the number of 
times lives and property have been 
saved by the pistol. The pistol has a 
bad psychology, even for the man who 
puts it in his pocket for the purpose 
of _ self-defense. It suggests dangers 
and enemies, and the average man, un- 
der the influence of fear, excitement, or 
any form of intoxication, is a menace 
to the peace and safety of those around 
him, if he has a pistol. 

But in the great majority of those 
cases where the pistol has proved a 


means of protection, it was’a needéd 
pooteen against another pistol. It 
s difficult to think of any legitimate 
cases where there would be need for 
the protection of firearms, when the 
shotgun or the rifle could not be substi- 
tuted for the pistol. 

Just when I finished writing the last 
paragraph (Thursday night), the. cry 
of “extra” carried me tothe door, and 
I bought the paper giving the fitst news 
of the horrible death of one of our 
leading citizens, At this writing 
nothing else is known except that this 
splendid life, in the prime of manhood, 
has been destroyed by a pistol. I do 
not mean to say that he would not 
have been killed if there had been no 
pistols, but I do mean to say that the 
pistol makes killing easy for the cow- 
ardly, criminally-minded man. The 
pistol is the friend of the murderer, 


pid ineffectiveness of the law. So long 
ag the weapon is concealed, the law 


and the enemy of the law-abiding cit. 


—_—_ 


Resurrected From 
THE ATLANTA 


| "Twas F ifty Years Ago, 


: BY FUZZY WOODRUFF 


My Lads| 


the 1871 PMles of 
CONSTITUTION 


We are inclined, in this age of 
mechanisms and card index systems, 
to scoff at all romance, to hold every- 
thing that isn’t measured or priced 
the figment of imagination, to consider 
every narrative that isn’t of business 
success or business chicanery the 
stories of old men. | : 

But, in The Constitution of Jan- 
vary 3, 1872, I ran across an account 


of an actual happening that makes 
“Enoch Arden” seem the palest sort 
of realism, that makes any Wilkie 
Collins yarn become the sternest .sort 
of actuality. 
Read and see the kine of stuff that 


readers : 
Claimed Husband 
Was Impostor. ° 


“We gave yesterday the _ re- 
markable career of the Bolivian, 
Megalrejao. Another very ro- 
mantic reality bas been dciailed 
that occurred in France in the 
year 1839 that savors of wild fic- 
tion. Martin Guerre married Ber- 
trande de Rolo and lived with 
her nine years, having one child. 
He fled to escape the punishment 
of a crime. Nothing was heard 
of him for eight years, when a 
man claiming to be Martin re- 
turned and was welcomed by his 
wife, sister, uncle and acquaint- 


children. A traveling soldier first 
tdid Bertrande secretly that Mar- 
tin Guerre, whom she had mar- 
ried, was not the one living .with 
her, but was in Flanders. She 
did not act.on the charge, save 
to report it. Her urcle had a dis- 
pore wie her husband and had 
jim as an impostor. 
“The trial was a long one. One 
- hundred and fifty witnesses were 
called to identify the man and 
ai a 


bank of| 


the old-time journalists provided their{ | 


While the recognition by the*rel- 
atives was a powerful clew to his 
identity. 


Another Claims 


To Be Guerre. 


“The magistrate decided the 
man to be an impostor.. An ap- 
‘peal was taken to~ parliament, 
where the case was retried and 
the strongest physical marks of 
identity shown to exist. Just as 
the parliament was about to ac- 
quit him, a man, claiming to be 
the real Martin, appeared. He 
was conf£ned, his prese..ce con- 
_ cealed from the witnesses and he 
was confronted with the other 
Martin, Both tood a good exam- 
ination. The newcomer, how- 
ever, was less clear in his remem- 
brance of early events. 

“One by one the wife and sis- 
ters were confronted with the 
newcomer and instantly recog- 
sized him as the true Martin. 
Bertrande, the wife, fell on her 
knees and implored forgiveness, 
alleging the completeness of the 
deception. 

“The impostor was sentenced to 
be executed and before his death 
he confessed the crime, stating 
that he had served with Martin 
Guerre as a soldier, gained pos- 
session of his secret, and, hav- 
ing been taken for him on several 
occasions, conceive the. plan of 
‘ taking his place in bis family. 

His success was wonderful and a 

marvel of genius and action. The 

boldness, the skill, the constant 
vigilance, the discipline, the hy- 
pocrisy, the accurate memory, 

steady nerve, the.-discreet reti- 
cenee, all necessary to carry out 
so difficult a scheme and persist 
in it end he the impos- 


Steen: sen Sener on rec- 
. “The strangest point was 
he wif She- ap- 


4 = hfe dy 1% ’ ; ” 
: Be AN oy Ore SHA het 
Me Se NO Se sae it SE ees Me 2 “ 
AE is es er GN inne 
aE EES Sp RD tay GEE 
Bi, OR BG C5 I A Sa a EGE be BOL GO Mie mr > 


ties Miuisse 
Ida Tarbell Deplores United States Stand on U-Boats 


At the Arms Conference} 


a ea eee tne sere ean 


. 


2 = 


a _ 
'» 


; he bs 4 Pe y ae 
ee ou a 
> 


— Ve RP 
i - ie ie . > 
3 a Pr .3 y : oe . aa es «4 
a ; 
Pp ortunt 


ee eR es 
ae ee 


BY IDA TARBELL. 


Washington, January 17.— (Spe- 
cial.)}——When one has no_responsi- 
bility either for the planning or the 
conduct of a campaign in which he 
is interested, he is, inclined, as it de- 
velops, to feel at times either that ail 
is lost or that the gains will be much 
less than they would have been if 
his own ideas had been followed. The 
air of Washington throughout the 
holiday week was alive with this sort 
of criticism.. It was a pity, too. 


Unquestionably the American dele- 


gation at the conference for the lim- 
itation of armament had planned that 
this should be the biggest holiday 
week the country had evér known. 
They wanted to say with assurance 
what they have more than once hint- 
ed at, that no conference ever held 
had done so much for the peace of 
the world as this. I'm always suspi- 
cious of undertakings declared in ad- 
}vance to be greater than anything ever 
before - achieved. The responsible 
parties in them are liable in their 
exultation to overlook factors which 
if. they had been more humble in 
spirit they would have caught and pro- 
vided for. There has been an over- 
weight of exultation on the part of 
the American delegation. from the 
start. 1’m the last to underestimate 
what they have achieved in these sev- 
en weeks; nevertheless I telieve that 
they would have accomplished more 
and certainly escaped the very: serious 
tangle over the submarine, which has 
made the holiday week so distressing, 
if they had been more intent on the 
glory of the achievements of whicb 
they felt so sure. 


Missed Opportunity. 
One thing seems quite certain, that 


Mr. Hughes missed a tremendous op- 
portunity in not bwidly declaring in 
his original program that, as for the 
United States, it was done with sub- 
marines. We did that at Paris in 
1919. The head of our delegation, 
President Wilson, and his naval ad- 
vyisers agreed that in the disarma- 
ment pledged by the league of na- 
tions the submarine was one weap- 
on which could and should be put en- 
tirely out of existence. Its record of 
cowardice and plain murder no one 
could defend. The treaty of Versailles 
forbade the Germans to construct 
submarines for apy purpose, and it 
certainly was the farthest from the 
thought of the majority of those who 
made that treaty that they were lay- 
ing down one rule for Germany and 
another for themselves. The idea there 
was to disarm, and to begin with Ger- 
many. 

Why the American delegation should 


not have followed that policy here in 
regard to the submarine is not clear. 
But when it was not done in the open- 
ing program it is still less understand- 
able why they did not seize the Brit- 
ish suggestion whén it was made by 

r. Baifour. The egy had the 
; American program for naval reduc- 
tion flung into their faces without 
warmeng. and they picked it up like 
wonderful sports, as did the Japanese. 
But when Mr. Balfour notified the 
conference that he should propose 
complete abolition of the submarine, 
there was no such response. There 
were not a few of us who had an un- 
comfortable chill over the Washington 
conference when our government failed 
promptly to follow the British in this 
policy, failed to say “Yes, we are 
with you, it’s beastly business, this 
submarine warfare—one thing we can 
do away with. We will join you in 
outlawing it.” But this was not done, 
and because it was not done, coupled 
with the fact that one important and 
abnormally sensitive nation, France. 
was left out of the inner circle, until 
she was so full of resentment that 
she felt forced to seize any chance 
that came along to secure recognition 
for herself, the submarine spoiled the 
conference holiday week. 

One of the strong arguments for 
the abolition of the submarine is the 
fact that it is possible to abolish it 
by general consent. Its case is very 
different from that of poison gas, 
which is a by-product of essential iu- 
dustries. You do not need to set out 
to find poison gases, they come to 
you in the natural course of chemi- 
eal research and they do not have to 
be manufactured until bt are forced 
to do it for defense. oreover, they 
have the enormous advantage of not 
looking like war. They are disgust- 
ing, hateful things against which man 
instinctively revolts. They do not 
tempt the adventurous, as the subma- 
rine does. 

French Arguments. 

Although the French particularly, 
through Admiral le Bun and Mr. Sur- 
raut, the present head of the French 
delegation, did their utmost to combat 
the British position, claiming that 
they needed the submarine in quan- 
tities for defensive purposes, their 
arguments had little weight in com- 
parison with the British. One can 
not escape the conviction following 
the entire discussion which ran more 
than a week and which was given out 
day by day practically in full to the 
press, that the French in insisting 
on a fleet of submarines all out of 
proportion to that contemplated in 
the original American program, were 
actuated more by a desire to assert 
themselves in this council of nations, 
to demonstrate that it is not safe to 
overlook their susceptibilities, than 
from any desire to have submarines 
for defense. If their pregent psychol- 
ogy had been taken into account at 
the start there is a strong probability 
that this situation would never have 
come about. If the representatives of 
the United States are to work suc- 
cessfully with other nations in inter- 
ae sem conferences, as .the, present 
administration seems to inten , then 
they must learn that diplomats can 
no more afford to overlook the sus- 
ceptibilities of other nations than an 
engineer can afford to overlook the 
susceptibilities of iron, steel, all the 
materials which he employs. France's 
acute sensitiveness, her black imagi- 
nations, may irritate the American 
who knows nothing of invaded and 
devastated territory, who has not had 
to sit through five long years with 


ithe sound of bursting shells continu- 


ally in his ear. But if he has not 
the imagination and the sympathy to 
tell him what the results of such an 
experience are, then let him accept 
the jndgment of physicians and real- 
ize that in whatever negotiations he 
has with the French people at this 
time their shel!ishocked minds and 
souls must be taken into account. 
vious that the sau ne was in 
Wanger of destroying the American 
delegation’s plans for a glorious 
Christmas present to the nation, ir. 
Balfour asked for an open session, 
Mr. Hughes lost a second great 
opportunity in the submarine matter. 
If he had seized it it might have help- 
ed him materially with the public in 
the holiday week. A few days be- 
fore Christmas hen it became ob-. 
in which to discuss the matter. For 
gome reason not at all clear, Mr. 
Hughes did not consent. secre- 
tary of state has proved himself a 
superior dramatist, but he was a poor 
reNigerg gs in this instance. For 
at situation in the sixth week 

the seene with 


S¢ -& 


‘ 


} Seat 
with | 1.75-1. 


= 
3 set a> od 3 
Sigh Late RAY ial as 
% Ke, ee A, Bae ie Oe te - 
’ a es tet Pipe 7) Sa EN 
ae es i eS YS ose re hed x mee aS 
ca ci ea Rate eae 
Ye | 
2 * 


; that the 
od tow te conqrent wae ee = Bors: 


ous agitation and 
press was peevish, for it 
ing 


uence ; 
looked as if 
nobody was go to = even a day 
oi: without feeling t they were 
losing touch with the situation. If 
there was to be no holiday then an 
open session with a chance to hesr 
Mr. Balfour, Lord Lee, Mr. Sarraut, 
Admiral le Bun, Senator Schanzer, 
in the free discussion of a matter iv 
which the whole country ‘was tr. 
mendously interested—such an open 
session would have been a Christmas 
present in itself, and it would have 
done much to have cleared up the 
thick atmosphere. . 


Suspicions Aroused. 
In such conferences as this the 


atmosphere easily becomes heavy with 
suspicion. The sight of a group of 
enfinent gentlemen of various nation- 
alities, shutting themselves up. morn- 
ing after morning in the Pan-Amer- 
ican building and for hours consider- 
ing matters which concern the peace 
and happiness of the worhi, if too 
long continued, stirs tp resentment 
in the best of us. If you are an 
impersonal, detached, philosephical, 
fairly well-informed person, it is not 
difficult for you to visualize what 
those gentlemen are doing, if you 
take the trouble, you can even build 
up in your mind what they are say- 
ing. Suppose it is a question of the 
ratio of capital ships. You know 
that they are listening ‘to disyrutes 
over tonnage and the. wax it has been 
computed, are studying long arrays 
of figures, matters dull in themselves 
and requiring the closest attention. 
Most of us would nct remain a half 
hour, unless we were compélled ‘te 
when such discussions were going 
on. But if you are a suspicious per- 
son, if you've been trained in ‘the 
cynical school of sensational jouvrnul- 
ism, to look for mischief and mtrigue 
—and often it must be confessed fird- 
ing it—you have dark thoughts about 
the gentlemen shut up in the Pan- 
American building. 

The only way in which such sts- 
picion can be cléared up—or better, 
prevented—is by frequent ‘open © sts- 
sions and much freerer discussions,at 
those sessions than we have so fur 
had. Some of the Americans jirom- 
inent in the present conference have 
in the last two years frequently crit- 
icised the secrecy with, which the 
Paris conference was conducted, but 
up to date there has been very lit- 
tle difference in the procedure here 
and in Paris. The work there as here 
was @ne in committees. There as 
here there were daily communications 
to the press. They have been more 
satisfactory here, fuller, but that Aas 
been made possible by the fact that 
the situation. here is far leas com- 
plicated and by the rigor with/which 
Mr. Hughes has kept one thing at 
time on the table. As for the press 
conferences, in Paris as here, thev 
were held daily by the Americans and 
frequently by all of the other delega- 
tions. Nobody in Paris, of course, 
was so satisfactory to the press as 
‘Mr. Hughes. His candor, his good 
humor, his out-and-out, man-to-man 
conduct of his daily meetings cannot 
be too highly praised. He has set 
a pace for this sort of thing very 
hard to follow. There was no Amer- 
ican in Paris in a zesition to do for 
the press what Mr. Hughes is doing. 
President Wilson had not the ‘time. 
The other members of the delega- 
tion were not in Mr. Hughes. posi- ; 
tion. Nobody else in our delegation 
here would have the authority, exen 
if he’ had the ability, té do what 
Mr. Hughes is doing. The difference 
here and in Paris is mainly a dif- 
ference of situation—the difference 
between an infinitely d@ificilt and 
complicated situation and a compare 
tively well defined and definite one. 


Hughes Partly Responsible. 
Mr. Hughes himself is, partly re- 
sponsible for the resentment that the 


press felt at thefailure to follow Mr. 
Balfour’s suggestion and conduct the 
submarine distussion in th@ open. 
Any one who has taken the pains 
to read the text of these discussions 
ag they have been fully printed in 
the leading journals of the country. 
can see how well adapted they were 
to a public meeting. There was noth- 
ing in them that would jeopardize anv 
nation; there was much in them that 
would have been illuminated; its im- 
pression intensified, if-it could have 
been heard instead of read.. Mr. 
Hughes in his talk of these discus- 
sions to the correspondents was ac- 
tually tantalizing. When he walked 
briskly into his press conferehee at 
the end of a long committee discus- 
sion and told a hundred and more 
men and women gathered around him 
what an intellectual treat it had 
been, of how Mr; Balfour had been 
in his best form, of how lively the 
exchange had n between French 
and English ; his snapping eyes, his 
appreciative voice, his glow. of ‘en- 
thusiasm, were actually antagonizing. 
He overlooked entirely the fact that 
he was making more than one ‘in 
the assembly say: “Selfish © man. 
don’t you suppose that we would -have 
enjoyed seeing and hearing Mr. Bal- 
four in his best form? Is there any- 
thing at this conference that ‘we 
would have liked so much, except of 
course hearing you? Do you ‘think 
we are going to be satisfied with 
your promise that we shall have full 
reports of all that was said?” 

Mr. Hughes didn’t realize jt, but 
there were some of us that took our 
mimeographed coples of the discus- 
sions home, feeilng that we had. been 
deprived of a pleasure which was our 
due and knowing in our hearts that 
it would have been very much bet- 
ene a oo Bases long run 
if he ha ven the public that w 
he had withheld. , am 

Far From Wrecked. 

I know very well that it is not con- 
sidered good form at this conference 
to use the words league of nationg— 
atid no offense is intended—but if one 
is really interested in trying to de- 
cide just how much publicity is oes 
in such a conference as this, any 
experiecne of other similar bodies 
should be considered, and after all 
it cannot be denied that the assem- 
bly of the league of nations is a 
similar body to this, the chief dif- 
ferences being that it includes 53 na- 
tions instead of 9. At the second 
meeting of the assembly of the league 
last fall, lasting four and a half 
weeks, there were 33 plenary confer- 
ences. To date in the conference for 
the limitation of armamerits, seven 
weeks, there have been but four. One 
cannot say that the matters under ‘dis- 
sideration hereare any more delicate 
or dangerous than either the Alba- 
nian or the Polish-Lithuanian ques- 
tion, both of which were openly dis- 
cussed ljast fall in the assembly of 
the league, : ae 


Although the seventh week of the 
conference was the t ssi 
that it hes lived theough. nothing 
happened to justify the ecla 
— that it was “® 
ra ” 


wers will accept the 


regtam a ten years’ 
iday. That's a great ¢ 
/ vee , See piactin Seetaet art ix 


a otek we Ug se 
fi) ‘The + ‘>; 
¥ % 


2 ; 


ay : Be. =~ Ene’ oa oS ogee Bp 
% Ns se aa es 


re; » oy © 
¥ eee 
a4 P +H OR, 
~ ‘ a) 


my 


2 : ; 
é ™ 

4 = a 2 a 4 j * * Beene o- 

peed ., Mey See Tg 

¥ = Rote AR ON LE ye 

24 


as 
ae 
Se ean ee ha, Sa 
, Ly Lae 
~~ aS 4 - “Ae ' 


Hand 


of France Called | 


. When America Supports 


~~ 


| FIRST BLUNDER. 


England in U-Boat Case 


France Sticks to Submarine Demands in 


Order to Have Lever to Force Concessions 


From Britain in Dealings With Germany. 


BY FRANK H. SIMONDS. 

Washington, January 7.—(Special.)—Although the Anglo-French 
élash over the submarine is already past history, it has supplied tke 
most dramatic episode in the whole Washington conference. Neverthe- 
less, despite the attention it has attracted, there remains a very general 
American misconception of the circumstances. Moreover, the fact which 
underlay the clash, namely the Anglo-French quarrel, remains the 
dominant fact in world history at the present moment. 

In analyzing the affair there are certain initial misapprehensions 
which must be removed. In the first place there is a widespread notion 
that the French were influenced by pique and the explosion which re- 
sulted was a new revelation of “Latin temperament.” Nothing could be 
more grotesquely inexact. French policy in this instance was the result 
of a deliberate calculation unaffected by any emotional stress, it wes 


an expression of a logic which is perhaps essentially Latin, 


not temperamental. 


but certainly 


Secondly, it is quite absurd to interpret French action as a revela- 


tion of militarism. 


The French are'not planning to build a great fleet, 
not even a great fleet of submarines. 


The submarine was a card in the 


game; as such France played it; it was a diplomatic, not a military, 


weapon from start to finish. 
MR. HUGHES’ 


* 

In the third place, the present ex- 
perience ought to serve fo abolish 
that purely American notion, which 
has played so much havoc in all our 
foreign contracts in recent years, the 
notion that foreign peoples can be 
etampeded by the mere fact that the 
people of the United States have 
reached a decision in a question at 
issue. Mr. Wilson labored under the 
‘game delusion in the matter of Fiume 
end the delusion led to devastating 
consequences. 


Apparently Mr. Hughes and al) 
those about him implicitly believed 
that the French people would throw 
away their own judgmen‘ and their 
own interests, merely because our 
judgment was different and we saw 
their interests in a wholly antithetical 
fashion. This conception bedeviled all 
eur udertakings at Paris and it was 
equally unfortunate in its cbdnse- 
quences in the present case. 

Mr. Hughes’ first blunder, and it 
was a great blunder, was his initial 
failure to perceive and correctly esti- 
mate the extent of the Anglo-French 
break in Europe. It was and had 
been for several years the outstanding 
fact in Europe. France and Britain 
came here, separated by their quar- 
rels, each resolved to take advantage 
of the opportunity and enlist Ameri- 
ean support for their own side of the 
controversy. There was nothing to 
choose between the motives of either, 
both were out to win Afnerica. 

It was clear, then, that if any issue 
arose between the two, there would 


be trouble; what was not perceived. 


by Mr. Hughes was that his own pro- 
gram would be involved, if at any 
time the United States seemed to 
stand with Great Britain aguinst 
France or with France against Great 
Britain, although the British, being 
much more skillful, were likely to 
avoid any open disclosure of resent- 
ment. x 


All of the situation was fully in- 
dicated when the issue of the French 
army came up. For weeks British 
journalists had been filling the Amer- 
ican press with discussions of the 
French army. Mr. Wells, for exain- 
yle, had been daily referring to the 
black troops of Britain, familiar to 
every reader of Kipling and welcomed 
by the whole allied press when they 
appeared in France to reinforce Brit: 
ish troops in 1914. Be 

As a consequence of this agitation 
France found herself, although a sov- 
ereign state, come of her own free 
will to share in a conference, early 
placed in the dock and forced to de- 
fend herself against British allega- 
tions which had been widely dissemi- 
nated over the United States. Quite 
wisely Mr. Hughes resisted British 
leading and declined to-permit the 
question of the French army to be 
raised in a direct form. Had it been 
raised we should have had the break 
over it instead of over submarines 
and the whole conference would bave 
been wrecked at the outset. 

Since it was clear that agreement 


prepaid, for examination. 


DIAMONDS IN ASSORTED 
GRADES SHIPPED PRE- 
PAID, ON APPROVAL 


Selection packages of Diamonds are shipped by us, 


was impossible, the army question was 
shelved. But the danger signal had 
been lighted, the exchange of ameni- 
ties between Britain and France had 
demonstrated that unless care were 
taken by the Americuns at every 
stage, the European row would break 
out afresh and in an aggravated form, 
because the British propaganda 
against France was going on with 
ever-increasing intensity. 


BRITISH DREAD 
OF U-BOATS REALIZED. 


Before Mr. Briand went home he 
indicated that France meant to stand 
on the question of submarines. Why? 
Because France meant to build sub- 
marines against Britain? No, be- 
cause K’rance recognized that Britain, 
after her experience in the world war, 
was mortaily afraid of this weapon 
and was prepared to make almost any 
concession to remove it. France had 
a concession she desired. She had 
a danger which she feared, nameiy 
Germany. She desired Sritish guar- 
antees against this menace and they 
had been promised ana then had not 
been forthcoming. 


The French caiculated perfectly and 
coolly that if they insisted upon their 
unquestioned right to build subma- 
rines, Britain would find reason to 
meet French wishes in Europe, unless 
at the Washington conference, through 
American influence, France were led 
to surrender this potential advantage. 
And she _ resolved to surrender it. 
There never was any disguise of 
French purpose, but there was, hap- 
pily, never any American appreciation 
of the real situation. For it was clear 
that there was no use in the world of 
raising the submarine question, if fail- 
ure was assured in advance. 

Meantime, the whole attention ef 
Mr. Hughes was centered upon getting 
rid of the Anglo-Japanese alliance, 
and France was left outgide while the 
three great Pacific powers framed a 
treaty which should abolish that al- 
liance, When it was framed Mr. 
Hughes asked and the British and 
Japanese agreed that France should 
be admitted to the agreement, but 
France was invited to enter an ar- 
rangement already almost, if not 
wholly, completed, and as an act of 
favor, not as a question of right. This 
was an error in method, arousing 
French resentment, but in no sense de- 
termining~Krench action. 

Still the French ; :rceived that 
while Great Britain and the United 
States had both refused France an 
alliance to cover her in Burope they 
had now agreed to give Japan some- 
thing in Asiatic waters, which at least 
was to take the place of a definite 
treaty of allfance, because both wished 
to get rid of something that Japan 
possessed, namely, the Anglo-Japa- 
nese alliance. Thus an even greater 
value was added to the French card, 
which was the submarine. 

When the four-power treaty was 
out of the way, the naval ratios ques- 
tion cam* up seriously and Mr. Hughes 
was astounded to encounter a French 
demand for an allotment of ten battle- 
ships. He had treated France and 
Italy with singularly little considera- 
tion both while the four-power treaty 
was going on and iater when thc ques- 
tion of naval ratio was discussed ‘be- 
tween Japan, Great Britain and the 
United States. He had waited until 
these three powers had agreed and 
then served a notice unon the French 
and the Italians of what these three 
great powers believd the two smaller 
nations should have. 

But the French battleship proposal 
was not serious. Mr. Huches had an- 
nounced that the streneth allotted to 


+ 


a, eS 2 +2 a : 7 7 Fie 
, as LPP '* : v. 
* e. r Pe fo 8 wih. "4 Die ey ¥ 
‘ a = Ag 5 s ‘ 9 
DA a telctt Si i Sac) MOOS Be <3 twits ee... 5 Se 
s =— = e, “ae, 
Py a a 
<< ' “ OO) ae hiv J o> wg . . Aa. &, . ~— * * 
— Saael fet LS Pate ei hee are OO Le oa 
Jal ' > os oa’ a “hee Sst Soe # 
~ “2 : A wo a Ps Meal > St? es 
= 7 FF x ae " 
o, 2 os a Th ee 
, “ bi 
‘ g a ‘ ? 
’ 
. 


> ‘a epee 
"Phe, 2s ray Oe . 


% r 
_— : 
Bore a. gO 


‘% ae a w 
bat eer ethene 
y re geet 
.. “ae 
* ta 


the three larger nations in submarines 
and light cruisers shouid be based 


and France, secking to ish a 
claim for many submarines and light 
cruisers, had mereiy put in the ten 
battieship proposal to get a high rat- 
ing in the other branches. She didn't 
want ten battleships, but she emphat- 
ically did want a ten-battleship ratio 
in submarines, and in cruisers. 


HUGHES WEAKENS 
ON SUB QUESTION. 


Having brushed aside the French 
Battieship ciaim, which was mereiy 
formal, Sir. Hughes now proceeded to 


make the one really fatal blunder. Our 
maval advisers had recommended that 
the submarine should be a real ele 
ment in our defense system, and Mr. 
Hughes had adopted their view in his 
opening speech on Novembet 12. Our 
advisory committee, appvinted to as- 
sist our delegates in the conference, 
had by a unanimous vote adopted a 
report strongly supporting the sub- 
marine item in the American defense 
list. In a word, America had declared 
for the submarine in large doses and, 
on Amer.can arguments. 

At the very outset Mr. Balfour had 
asked on British behalf and for obvious 
British reasons that the submarine 
be banned and under the British ar- 
gument, Mr. Hughes weakened, began 
to give ground, pro great re- 
ductions in the submarine strength, 
and leaned toward the absolute Brit- 
ish position that the submarine should 
be abolished. At this point he lost 
all control of the situation. Hence- 
forth he had no influence with the 
French and could have none. 

From the French point of view the 
United States had declared for the, 
submarine and asked for a strength 
of 90,000 tons. France had employed 
the American arguments in defend- 
ing the submarine and, while waiving 
her claims on the battleship matter, 
had asked for a similar strength in 
submarines. But Mr. Hughes, suc- 
eumbing to British argument, had 
shifted his ground, abandoned the 
submarine and stood with the British 
in antagonism to the French posi- 
tion. 
What followed was inevitable, the 
French had reseryed their rights in 
submarines as a weapon in their Eu- 
ropean debate with the British. They 
had no intention of building subma- 
rines, bit they did mean to use their 
power to build submarines as a card 
in their reckonings with te British. 
They had based their case on the 
statements of Mr. Hughes, the argu- 


upon their strength in capital ships, 
establ 


a 


ments of our naval advisor? and the 
report of our advisory committee. But 
Mr. Hughes had rey ~ all these 
and gone over to the British horse, 
foot and dragoon. 

Thus the French perceived that 
they had been outmaneuvered, that 
they had now to choose between in- 
viting American disapproval and sur- 
readering their best card“ in their 
British affair. The French . people 
for their part now saw the confer- 
ence as become a w British af- 
fair. They saw American newspapers 
full of British propaganda denounc- 
ing France and they saw that if they 
gave up the submarine, they would 
not get an alliance in return, even 
the sort of alliance Japan got as a 
substitute for the Anglo-Japanese al- 
liance, and when ther came to face 
Britain in Europe, they would be poor- 
er by the loss of their best card. 

You had then something like what 
was visible in the Fiume case. 
the United tSates, popular: sentiment, 
somewhat artificially stimulated by 
British influence, was pressing France 
to de something which would enor- 
mously advantage Britain in Europe. 
But if France did this thing, she 
would gain nothing and the net re 
sult would be stupendous British dip | 
lomatic triumph, with a correspond- 
ing Frerch defeat, which would al- 
most certainly bring about the fall 
of the shaky Briand cabinet. 


SUPREME BLUNDER 
MADE BY AMERICA, 
Now, the supreme blunder in the 


situation was obviously American. 
The success or failure of an Ameri- 
can conference had been permitted to 
turn upon a question of Euro 

rivalry. British diptomacy, nevér 
more skillful, had led Mr. Hughes 
to the point where be had risked evy- 
erything upon the consent of the 
French to surrender for nothing some- 
thing which was in French and Brit- 
ish eyes alike of inestimable value in 
their main affair in Europe. And 


American public sentiment and Amer- 
ican newspapers, not perceiving clear 


militarism generally. They wanted to 
get rid of the army, not because they 


were afraid France would use that | 


army against fhem, but because while 
France had the a she could en- 
force her claims st ny and 
prevent that economic rehabilitation 
in Germany which was vital to Brit- 
ish recovery. Militarism was the 
spectre, but reparations was the real- 
ity. 
y Mr. Hughes avoided the trap. he 
refused to be drawn into an attack 
upon the French army. The British 
were disappointed, but they did not 
abandon their effort®. They succeed- 
ed in getting -a Pacific agreement, 
which would satisfy Japan, an ar- 
rangement which, if not an alliance, 
at least would look like an alliance 
in Asia and like a harmless agree- 
ment in America. Moreover, they .re- 
doubled their preparation to get rid 
of the other French card, which was 
the sukmarine. . ; 
Now, the real measure of the Brit- 
ish success, diplomatically speaking, 
lies in the fact that when the subma- 
rine question came up for final set- 
tlement, the press of the United States 


was already playing the British game. | 


Mr. Hughes and his associates, not- 
withstanding the position they had 
taken in advance of ‘the discussion, 
notwithstanding the unanimous report 
of the advisory committee; were al- 
ready in the position of demanding 
that France accept the British view- 


ly the direction things had Oboe which had already been adopted 


were thundering at the French to bo 
to what they asserted was American 
desire, but what the French. identi- 
fied as British policy. 

So the French dug tn and stuck 


and..the submarine and auxiliary 
cruiser phases of the disarmarmpmt 
program went by the board. en 
the French were terribly assailed in 
newspapers and the Washington con- 
ference suffered a marked diminution 


Harvey Advertising 
Agency, Inc., Qpens 
In Walton Building 


ieee ee Re 2 a 
The Harvey Advertising Agency, 
Inc., opened for business here on Jan- 
uary 2, with >ffices in the Walton 
building. Officers of the company 


Wa ees SP 
0 AD 


a 
- 
* 


R. WINSTON HARVEY. 


are R. Winston Harvey, president, and 
Miss F. E. Milam, secretary-treasurer. 
They will conduct a general advertis- 
ing agency, handling all classes of 
advertising and selling campaigns, 


We want to prove, by showing you the Diamonds, 
that our grades and prices are right. 


? 


We firmly believe we can save you money and please 


you perfectly with grades, prices, and terms. 


Attractive monthly terms allowed. 


Full details in our booklet, “Facts About Diamonds,” 
and twenty-seventh annual catalogue. 


Write for these books, tell us about your requirements, ' 
and let us submit you a selection. 


MAIER & BERKELE. Inc.. 
Diamond Merchants, 
3r Whitehall Street, Established 1887. 


| 
| 


MRS. F. E. MILAM. 


Mr. Harvey has, for over two yeara, 
been assevciated with the Diiiard Ja- 
cobs agency a8 service manager. rior 
to that time he was, for several years, 
sales and advertising manager for the 
Vick Chemical company, of Greena- 
boro, N. U., and for hve years was 
advertising manager fer the Cradde®k- 
‘erry Shoe company, of Lynchburg, 
Va.. where be has gained a broad 
knowledge and thorough understanding 
‘of mercaandising methods in both 
sales and advertising work. 

While in Lynchourg, Mr. Harvey 
was for three years president of the 
Ad Men’s club of that city, and be 
sides being a prominent figure in na- 


tional affairs of ad men, he is a fre-} 


quent contributor te various adver- 
tising and business magazines, and 
takes @ prominent part in ad club 
work generally. 

Miss Milam has been associated with 
the Dillard Jacobs agency since -its 
inception nine years ago as office 
manager and space buyer, in which her 
position, ability and efficiency has be- 
come recognized far beyond the bounds 
of the city of Atlanta, and as secre. 
<ary-treasurer ‘f the ce oe Advertis 
ing agency she: brings to the new or- 
ganization a wonderful experience and 
practical knowledge ot inside agency 
work which is sn necessary and impor- 


" | tant to the clientele of any advertising 


¥ Oe ad * ¢ eta! 


JUNIOR CHAMBER 
PLANS FOR 1922 
TO BE DISCUSSED 


Plans of the Atlanta Junior Cham- 
ber of Commerce for 1922 will be dis- 
cussed at its annual meeting Mon- 
ay. night at 7.43 o’clock, according 
to announcement of J. C. Robinson, 
secretary. John L. Westmoreland, 
1921 president, will speak on last 
year’s work, and will introduce the 
1922 president, Eugene Oberdorfer, 
Jr., who will submit recommendations 
and plang for this year. <A report of 
the 1921 work will also be made by 
Secretary Robinson, 

An important matter which will 
come up before the mecting will be 
the proposed change of by-laws where- 
by annual membership dues will be 


raised from $6 to $10. Standing com- 
mittees for 1922 will be announced, 
also. 


program will be presented at the 
auditorium: * 


Wedding march, R, de Koven; “Sunset” | 


(new), J. Frank Frysinger; intermezze, Gas- 
ton M. Dethier; ‘‘in Springtime,’’ Raiph 
Kinder; melody in ‘‘F’’ (by request), RuDin- 
stein; “‘rhapsody,’’ Alfred J. Silver; “‘Ave 
Maria,’* Harry Rowe Shelley. 


Relieve Piles 
With Pyramid 


You Are Oveieees to Find Such 
Relief from Pain and Distrese . 
When You Use Pyramid Pile 
Suppositories. Send for 
a Free Trial 


Yes ramid Pile Suppositories 
are simp y wonderful to ease patn, 
relieve itching, allay that aggra- 


The fact that almost every drug- 
ist in the U. S. and Canada carries 
ramid in stock at 60 cents a box 
shows, how highly .these Supposi- 
tories are regarded. Take no sub- 
stitute. You can try them free by 
sending your name and «zddress to 
gg dad Dru Co., 611 Pyramid 
adz.. Marshall. Mich. 


LIVER 


Dr. B. EB. Paddock, Specialist, of 

Kansas City, Mo., has distributed free 

over 100,000 copies of a 

booklet on the cause and 

treatment of constipation, 

indigestion, bilious colic, 

jaundice, gas and inflam- 

mation of the Gall Bladder 

and Bile Ducts as asso- 

ciated with Gallstones. 

Just send name today for this Free 

Book to DR. E. E. PADDOCK, Box 
AL 201, Kansas, City, Mo.—(adv.) 


Have You 


Diabetes? 


Here Is Wonderful News! | 


t 


y themselves, after a conversion so 

rapid as to defy all comparisons. 
Thus, by superb management, the 

British had bronght the whole situ- 


‘ation up to the point where the suc- 


cess of the American conference -turn- 
ed.on a French surrender to a Brit- 
ish purpose. And if,.by any chance, 


‘France should refuse to surrender, de- 


spite the -pressure exerted by an 
Ameriean press in which British prop- 
aganda had flourished for weeks, then, 
at least France would lose her stand- 
ing in America. It was a deadly, an 
ultimate proof of the skill of Brit- 
ish maneuver. In either case Brit- 
ain now won and France lost. 


FRANCE PREFERRED 
TO BLOCK BRITISH. 


France refused, as we all know, be- 
cause she was more interested in 
blocking the British than in placat- 
ing the American public opinion, 
which had been raised against her. 
Perhaps she was a little influenced by 
the fact that in thus blocking the 
conference, she dealt a return blow 
for that which President Harding’s 
party had d«;!t France in throwing 


| 


is dilemma might 

voided. But it had not 

been avoided. Of ‘wo evils France 
had to choose one «nd she unhesitat- 
ingly chose to defeat the British pur- 
pose and keep her Lands free to deal 
with that European situation which 
was for her.a matter of life and 
death. She foresa’’ the storm that 
would break about her head and she 
it. She was fighting Eng- 

ind fixed upon 


ing, he must put aside all the 
preconceived notions which most 
Americans have about the conference 
and about Europe generally. He must, 
for the moment, dismiss even the 
question of right and wrong, remem- 
bering that rights and wrongs fre- 
quently change places as one crosses 
frontiers. . France ia fighting for her 
life after the dreadfu' experiences of 
the world. war. So is Britain. Both | 
suifered terribly and it is not for any 
American to say which has the great- 
‘er claim to outside aid. The fact is 
that the views of each people, as to 
what is essential to future prosperity, 
even security, collide violently. They 
have been colliding for three years. 
The Washington conference is only an 
incident in this struggle. 


MATTER OF 
LIFE AND DEATH. 


And this struggle is for each a mat- 
ter of Mfe and death. Each sees that 
American aid would be | invaluable; 
each dreams that it can peruade the 
United States to play its game against 
its antagonist. -Both came here to do 
it. But the Englishman won the rub- 
ber. He “sold” his ideas to the 
American public, he enlisted the Amer 
ican representatives, he perstaded Mr 
Hughes and his associates to drop the 
submarine and to attempt to persuade 
the Frenchman to drop it, too. 
Whereupon, the Frenchman, helpless. 
otherwise, refused ‘to yield, and the 
crash came. 

Now the battlefield shifts to Europe. 
France and Britain will fight it out 
diplomatically abroad. hey will 
make their bargain. The British will 
give something, the French will yield 


But there will 
Great Britain and F 
ger of it. 

The pity is that our own diplomacy 
was not wise enough to perccive that 
an Anglo-French battle was on the cal- 
endar ; t both parties were going to 

tfor Our support, and that . 
ughes was not quick enough to ap- 
preciate that if one party even seemed 
to enlist our aid, then our influence 
over the other would instantly cease. 
An attempt to coerce France, to per- 
suade or push France to fall in with a 
roject which we had adopted, under 
British influence, pointed straight to 
disaster for the conference. And the 
disaster came. 

The single fault of British diploma- 
cy, if one may even venture to suggest 
that it has a fault, was that it allowed 
itself to be too obviously and undis- 
guisedly successful. It won all] the 
tricks. Its journalists captured the 
news columns of the American press. 
Its press agent, Lord Riddell, took 
charge of the news of the conference. 
shepherding American correspondents. 
who were compelled to cojlect news, 
and found Lord Riddell the only dis 
penser. Then, Mr. Balfour, with 1n- 
finite grace, charm and skill, carried 
Mr. Hughes and his associates over ie 
the anti-submarine camp. Thus, the 
French were isolated, surrounded, cut 
off, but they still retained the power 
to vote the decisions. 

The Europeans in Washington saw 
the’ game played with infinite amuse- 
ment. They had seen the same diplo- 
macy march to the same assured vic- 
tories innumerable times. One of 
my Dutch journalist friends said to me 
even before the crash: 


“We, Europeans, say the voice is the ™0D*Y 


See 
= , * ‘S 


the Vigor and Energy of Yi 


_ 
_ r 


Many years ‘of research has perfected ‘a 


reviving and restoring the vital 
ligfe—the vigor and the virllity of 
of youth, 

This gratifying home treatment is 


Korex, 
a vegetable compound (in tablets). Com — 


we 


x 
2.6 
: 
EY +, 
“i nen 
a 


Ve 

ae 
r= 

Bi 


F?, 

a . 
as 
ae 


tains no harmful dregs or opiates. it acts a 


to bulld up the central nervous system, fm- =| 
the entwe | 
ement ‘| 


parting bew tone and vigor .o 
system. Its effects are equally good 
men and wemen, Marked imprev 
known in a few days. 

Every one who suffers the 


Guaranteed and sold only by the 


handicap of 
physical weakness can use this trearmmen§ = | 
under the positive guarantee of aia pers. 


Laboratories, Dept. 730, Massachusetta Bilg., 


Kansas City, Mo. Send §2 for double regular 
bex, postpaid in plain wrapper, Ur, if more 
convenient, no money, but pay the 
postman $2.00 and the few cenis - 
when packege arrives. If the results from 
its use are not entirely satisfaciory, 
Laboratories will return the $2.00 chee 
and immediately upon request for the 
money. 

Korex thus means restored strengts and 
vigor and renewed enjoyment tn iife, o¢ 
back without question,—(adv.) 


YEAST 


- TABLETS 


something, the submarine will be re- 
moved as a basis for trading,-and then, 
it will be possible to go on with 
the interrupted progtam of Washing- 
ton. We are not dealing with war or 
the danger of war, but with two part. 
ners, who have fallen out and have got 
to find a new basis for agreement. 


‘There is danger that the situation 
will be too long protracted; that! 
France may be driven or led to use 
her weapons against Germany, be-| 
cause Germany, encouraged by Anglo- | 
French disputeg, will refuse to pay. | 
Until there is Anglo-French agree- 


uilding vaiue. 


if it 
isnt 


MASTINS 


—* 


rT: 


OFFICERS 


President 


The Atlanta National. Bank 


Active Designated Depository Government of the United States, State of Georgia, 


ROBERT F. MADDOX 


VICE PRESIDENTS 


James S. Floyd 
Geo. R. Donovan 


Thos. J. Peeples 
ASSISTANT CASHIERS 


Oldest National Bank 


in the Cotton States 


(Condensed) December 31, 1921 


————————_— 


I 


Pati »nage, Co 
Will of out vatrons in the past, we pledge 
our earnesi co-operation and best services 


MASTIN’S 
VITAMON Mitions” - 


Quickly help build firm flesh, clear the skin, correct , 

pation, aid digestion, put strength in the nerves and 

invigorate tired bodies with renewed “pep” and energy. — 
Contains not only Yeast Vitamines, but a/! three important Vitemines— 
A, B, and C—especially concentrated and combined with other valuable health- 
giving eléments which your system nceds to keep you strong and well. 
MASTIN’S VITAMON TABLETS are fully guaranteed in every respect and 
thousands upen thousands of satisfied users can best attest to their health- 


At all good druggists, such as Cone Drug Stores, 
“urtis Drug Stores, Marshal] & Pendergrast Drug Stores. 


isn 


RESOURCES 


Loans and Discounts ......... 
United States Bonds ......... 
Other Bonds and Stocks ...... 
Stock in Federal Reserve Bank. 
Banking House ..........ee0- 
Cash on Hand, Due from Banks 

and U.S. Treasurer .......; 5,287,618.50 


LIABILITIES 


" 


TH Sincere A ae 
id 


in 1922. 


e 


Capital Stock ..............-- 1,000,000.00 
Surplus and Undivided Profits . 
CIO. i oso dccwkeeetae 


DEPUSIPS .:.0'i 50s ose 2% 4 wee A 


ciation of the 
nce and Good 


The World’s 
Standard-: 
Used by 5 


¥ 


it 


‘VITAMON 


1922 


ee 


The Atlanta National Bank 


~ Statement of Condition 


=." 
—— af 
aE 


.$16,067,619.39 
1,021,415.85 
58,215.49 
75,000.00 
800,000.00 


| 


s 


$23,309,869.23 


2,068,467.18 
973,800.00 


$23,309,869.23 


Pid 
a 
— 
consti- . 


~ S 
ny 


: . e , pend ¢ i > h FOE ie ae eee Pos Been Bee as ee rs 3 be Shark ie, oe 

; " ; > pe ae; oe : Re » Shh (ph be ite ‘cig tee sa ee ae he 2% 4 - ratty ". Piatt ae 2) 4 ae er 2 
Ns: eis Pays Ban a Dihoan des Ee tatage «Sie emg es oH pn sais Aa Rae ONE Be eo * igh ig ra 

FEE i BN AR ER PR OR TOE ag Ro RAE NI I ean he ha mae” ete 2 FeO Oe 

Ce eae gate Se A Sear pia aceer tard eet, ae Rae ME: EN as OL RE REE Seay ee yee: 

‘ mae ry we 


o Rew Pz sift ute a, (Rat. 2 eae ated” Bas Pre bd : ue : 2 J ? 
er a tices IDE a SAP Mag Ug RETESET LLP EL DIE EEE DEE LEN ARENDS ER y RS Rae eet os 


: . + x ‘ nA - ‘ wit / = 
Rg Sigs Knee Pot ac tty ME Pp Rigs “Sarat Bien te STEER 2 oY he ' oe ‘ ery ER AM ST 
“4 an a “ : . ae a as 
-_ - — > Bie a gy RY oS FU pe ow Wl 
ous =, ; . - ae 7 ¥ a 3 al ge ~~ 
| 2 er eee ee ae %, 2 Gs eGo Pes 4 
- im z ¢ 7 | ‘ s | é " ’ ; : - ° 
6 , »4 4 = ‘ b _ . “ >< * 7% > 
’ - * -_ ¢ a é _ ‘ ‘. , 


my ; - 
. * 


-_," 


ee Z 


= 
} tie ' eo es St ae ae 
vr eae > 
Te . 
Ys o 
© Sa "s . 
- 


48,000 IN THE LATE WAR 


Traffic Accidents Cause Huge Loss of Life 


In an article on motor accidents, The Washington P ost says, “In eighteen months of the great world war 
48,000 of our boys were killed in battle or died of wounds. Horrible? Yes! Yet during the same period 
91,000 were killed in traffic accidents in this country.” 


i 


se 


sie othe bes ah he Le, 


a 4 


e 


There Have Been Over 1,600 in Atlanta : 6 ident eS i al Mm 


During the Last 18 Months 


Can you afford to be without this Travel: Insurance when the cost is practically nothing? vi 1 ce | IN S EY aa DAYS 


This protection costs you only 75c a year and it may earn one thousand dollars for you or your family. 


Prompt payments of all claims for accidents covered by the policy. Claim Filed Saturday, Oct, 29 
Mr. Joseph W. Brock, 9 Chappel St., Atlanta, Ga., took out policy No. 1662184, through The Atlanta : Cl aim Paid S aturd ay, Nov. 5S 


Constitution. October 26 he had a street car accident and was totally disabled for six weeks. November 
46 claim was filed. On November 18 the North American Accident Insurance Co. made out a check 


payable to Mr. Brock for $60.00. S1 O O O i 7 & . 


—— 


‘ a 
Parish D. Mercer, Macon, Ga., who died from injuries October 29, was an Insured Reader of The Macon 
Daily Telegraph in The North American Accident Insurance Company, the same The Constitution is offering 
to its subscribers. 


Check for $1,000 was delivered to his beneficiasy November 5, exactly one week after Mr. Mercer’s death. 


This Policy was No. 1680974, issued to Mr. Mercer on September 21, 1921—only a few weeks ago, 


& ee oe 


You Can Secure the Same Broad Insurance Policy for 
15 Cents lf You Are a Registered Reader of 


Daily and SunJay Constitution 


All those who subscribed in the “‘C-Word Puzzle Game” can secure 
° ° 7 ° ‘ce ° . 9 
Atlanta Constitution, Atlanta; Ga. Cisse i etek: this policy by signing the “Order and Registration Form” below as 


Gentlemen: Some time ago I took out a Travel and Pedestrian Accident Policy in the North Ameri- required and sending 75c with same. 
can Accident Insurance Company, as offered by you, No. 1661914, 


e@e-4*e 


me ft) 


® eve swe ee @ © sve Be 
e ef@e @ 


Travel and Pedestrian Accident Insurance. 


HAS BEEN SECURED BY THE ATLANTA CONSTITUTION FOR ITS READERS 


disabled for a period of a little over three weeks, Will pay the following amounts, subject to the terms of the policy, for death or injuries 
Be on a public carrier, due to its wrecking or disablement, while the assured is riding on it 


Ti . ! . as a fare-paying passenger or due to the wrecking or disablement of any private horse- 
I filed claim through you on. the North American Accident Insurance Company, and I am pleased to atath' Or motee-dtiven vebicle on. which assured may be ridlec or driving or belns 


acknowledge receipt of check dated November 26, 1921, for $34.28. ee Babes Sw afte ahakwes struck or knocked down or run over 
i Si b, 106 West Harvard ° ‘ 
I am a colored man, in business in College Park, running the Victory Pressing Club, 106 W V North American Accident Insurance Company 


Avenue. (Signed) JOHN BRADY, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 


A short time thereafter, while driving a buggy, ths horse ran into a post, threw me out and I was totally 


Life eeeetoteo ee eietie elise ee ewe eile ee eee eeee vd eeeee One Thousand Dollars 
Both Hands ave uedeecs dis bwidtebessteccerees Oe 
: : foe Both Feet soe eee eeseeeeeeeeeeeesoens »eeeeee ee One Thousand Dollars 
ding eee as Sight of Both Eyes ....essesesecevcecseeecesss One Thousand Dollars 
SRLS aS ae RS One Hand and One Foot eeeteereeee eases eeeeetinns One Thousand Dollars 
ee eee Either Hand and Sight of One Eye ..4+++eée+e0++ One Thousand Dollars 
Either Foot and Sight of Ohe Eye .........+++2.++ One Thousand Dollars 
Either Hand: con esecegoesecedo-necceccesceéees CUE Dollars 
Bither Poot .ccccccccccseccscccescscesccede cl Give SOMEEEE GING 
Sight of Either Eye .....csccccccecsccscceaves Five Hundred Dollars ($ 500.00) 
Disability, 13 weeks or less ........eeeee0eee00+ Lem Dollars ($10.00) per week 
Life, by being struck, knocked down or run over on public highwa 
Oe WORICIE cc cccuiccdscécccseseoces FE EEE EE Fifty Dollars ($250.005 
Emergency Benefit .....eeeeecseeesesesseeenes,-Ome Hundred Dollars ($100.00) 


The above indemnities will be paid, subject to the provisions and conditions of the 
policy. A complete numbered and registered Policy will be supplied each person. Be 
Sure to read it before filing it away. 


Any person who is a yearly subscriber and pays the regular subscription price, 
plus a delivery cost of 75c¢ paid with this application. ‘This 75c pays for all clerical 
charges in connection with the issuance of your policy. The premium on your policy 
is paid by THE ATLANTA CONSTITUTION. 


Old As Well As New Subscribers May Secure This Policy 


_By special arrangement with the North American Accident Insurance Company, we can now give this pro- 
tection to the entire family on the following conditions: 


Olin. a Ee 


eee Bo ee Sense 


eoll 


~» —- ’ a 

ate". +“. “ 

PR in a in A v re 

nay Se _ : vi, 

theese ae 

= > 5 

ees a » 
* ore = . 

Sasa ae oer oe * 

Pee eae as, : 


Oat <3 ‘ 
Dee ae Ae 


Any and all members of a family from 16 to 70 years of age may secure this insurance, providing they 


: 3 : : . all live at one address, and provided one member. of this family signs for The Daily and Sunday Constitution 
Mr. David V, Keith, R. F. D. 6, Dalton, Ga., was insured in the North American Accident Insurance Com- for one year. If two or more families live at one address in ‘ha Seine house or ees each Mrs desiring 


eal . : : : 2 : the insurance protection must subscribe for The Atlanta Constitution. Each member of the family desiri 
pany through The Atlanta Constitution in policy No. 1660894. While crossing the railroad track in a policy must sign “Order and Registration Form” and accompany it with 75c for registration fee tor his o 
. 


East Point, Ga., in an automobile on October 30, a railroad train struck his auto, causing him to be totally her poucy. 


disabled for seven weeks. Claim was filed on December 22, 1921. On December 28 check was. drawn USE THIS C OUP ON . 


in favor Mr. Keith for $70.00, : eee 
Order and Registration Form 


Daily and Sunday Of The Atlanta Constitution Insurance Subscription 


Censtitution 


3 SS s =. . ce | . wt “ . eS ee & ey 2» - + ~~ : a , ca. » . re ; " x ’ ie , e S RS 4 Atlanta, Ga., eeeeoeveeeeoeeeeee e286 1921 
“: SX SS eS pod WAR RY xR Raat hr Sate . LS ee SLL Le ee Be BE ase < ES — res : SRS “3 Se oS ie: : ATLANTA CONSTITUTION, 
Circulation Department, ASCs codccceecs 


(Néw—Old) 
eS 


x Sr aa =e nce SS = oe eS pe oe: &. 3 : lL, Mr. eeeereeeeeeeeeeees oe Perereerriny 2 orene hereby enter my 
SRE 33 SSS af ey ; s@ 4 6: eal subscription for The Daily and Sunday Constitution for one year from date, 

oseeee with the undegstanding that | am to receive a $1,000 Travel and Pedestrian 
1 month ..... Accident Insurance Policy in the North American Accident Insurance Com- 
3 months . .$2.50 pany, and am to pay no more than the regular price of The Atlanta Con- 
6 months ...$5.00° stitution each week to the regular carrier, plus a delivery cost of 75 cents, 
12 +} $9.50 which is to he paid on my signing this application. 1 understand that 
| i ac abe should I discontinue my subscription to The Constitution before the ex- 
BOe CRA cee 3s SSO ars aaa ca ee oc .. en month, if payable monthly, to the carrier or to The Atlanta Constitution, 

Sk... RES Rr ee a oe ee ee BF PORE ERE my $1,000 Travel and Pedestrian Accident Insurance Policy will lapse. 


Se 


— 
PRS SRS 
. . 3 


Signed cer eeeer eae eee eee aeeseeeeeeeeeeeeee City TrETTLLTtTrTy. 
Number Bh PS ah a Street eererrceeasisie emcees ee eee se om 


Phone No, eaeteeeoeeveeeeeser Carrier eeereerereoreeaeeteHyaseeeseces en 


a od i? 


tev +e? ted Te’ Te? * 


Mrs. M. P, Grove, Lanier University, 41900 Highlan d Ave., Atlanta, Ga., was in an automobite accident ‘ | Occupation WOH CPP R TES EH EEE EHH EEE ee Ot SOT Se Te eTe oe eee eee dee 


on November 24, 1921, On advice of a physician that she was totally disabled for one week, the. Nort oe “ pakyo, 
American Accident Insurance Company sént her a ‘check for $10.00. | : si | | ! a jemi se bo ed yng ac a eatin 4 line; 


i? 


oe 


» 


Mr. J; M. Harris, 180 Ivy &t., Atlanta, Ga., insured September 30, 1921—policy No. 1660561. Had au- 
tomobile accident December 9. He was totally disabled for oné week. Claim was filed December 22. Persp 
December 24 check for $10.00 was mailed him and The Constitution holds his receipt for same. .. 3 he ashes 


é a 
rede 


ee be 2 - 3 . 
A di 7 
- . . - 2 » . < “ - ’ - ° ¥ 
? . ; J « 3 « . ‘ . ’ ; ee 
eo « : . be often afin as at “ay : Ah former IF - sgeee , ai 
' ; ‘ ‘ - . ‘ ° ss 4 J ‘- i. . as + ‘ ‘ : 4 - 
" ° ' i 
; . ¢*s , , 4 4 P . + _., A “4 . 2 
§ @ bi } ‘ ¢* * _ ; 7% - : > 7  - >< + , : . * ter 
hg _ er ee ; ; 
Metis, hi teste. ee sitive Shee the thes tthen« the, abbas telat Sesto strvaten Sxmtths,hin shor, bes, she hes PR SMD 5 exZa-.i, 3 
. 
, A ee oe ee — Pee Se ae : =e i eet On ee ee ¥ ba 9 Pg aca oe ahr. vin a ae . 
‘« e Ft es Te ke wee eS . +5 as ea ee. Os iia eS. Pee o5 » Hero a, ee as 4 ae. Pei his : ; 
Pe oo a it 5 eee aay ey a Sig Mat ae BP EID aps An = peatig. mt aa ie he See ee {fo <a ik as pS al Ba iis = < = i > ths , abe Sa 7 PAP Teed. . Pe oe 2 pemene Sree : alt 


— 


—* ee te om + 


- . 
$ > M, ite 7. ed 
ae <A om be ¥ 

> egrets oe sper 
, rr ry 
ae : 
- a ai 


~ 


company that played with her in the 


EIS NR Aa eR RENEE cadens eaquiampeaneimnsmenenen SRR a OP TES. ers A RAE SN GE AN EE ERY AO SAAT IT RE anc. SER on eh 


ek ~ aye. § 
oyee Bee 


, > 
i Bg pes 


" , 7 ue Se ie oe 
rs * ie 2 . t hati | ees 


- —Teatarer Ty wf the DSere ane 4 


ee Ee ae eee a eee 


” 


a” 
met 


+ uk. 6. Fart 


a F ~~ te . - , "4 bt ~ 
pees eg ma By ae, S eles e eee PS aie =. 


L. £. 


MADGE KENNEDY 


> HEREIN PERSON 


Comes to Atlanta Thea- 
ter for Limited Engage- 
ment in Henry W. Sav- 
age Stage Production, 
“Cornered.” 


Theatergoers who are acquainted 
with Madge Kennedy as a star in/' 
spoken and film comedy, will welcome 
the unuouncement that she will ap- 


pear as the stur player in Henry W. | 


Savage's stage production of 
nered,” which 
theater tomorrow night for an en- 
gugement that will last but three 
nights, 

The rise of Miss Kennedy has been 
phenomenal. About eight years ugo 
she enacted the title role in Philip 
Barthotomae’s farce comedy, “Over 
Night,’ and that established her over- 
night as one of the stage’s must beau- 
tiful and artistic young comediennes. 
Since then she starred in * "I'win Beds” 
and “Fair and Warmer” on the speak- 
ing stage and theatergoers who had 
the good fortune to witness her work 
in those comedies, and they are legion, 
have forever after remained a devotee 


of this young and clever actress. Three | 


Jeurs ago last fall Miss Kennedy 
hetun to act before the camera, Her 
success on the silver screen was in- 
siuntuneous, aud she immediately took 
runk with the famous headliners who 
bad been years building up their rep- 
utution and following. In “Cornered” 
which the author calls a comedy- 
melodrama, Miss Kennedy appears in 
the dual iole of twin sisters, igno- 
rant of each other's identity and re- 
lationship until the story implicating 
them reaches its denouement. Called 
upon for serious as well as humorous 
work she gives a performance that 
delighted audiences of huge propor- 
tions nightly at the Astor theater, 
New York, tor over six months. Be- 
cause of the strong resemblance be- 
tween Margaret Waring, an beiress, 
and Mary Brennan, a thief, two crooks 
concoct a scheme for getting posses- 
sion of the Waring Jewels. Mary, 
whom they use as their tool, enters 
the Waring home and is mistaken for 
the heiress until the latter appears, 
denounces the intruder and is shot 
by one of the cracksmen. Mary is 
so distressed by the tragic incident 
thet she refuses to. leave the house 
and sets about taking care of the 
wounded girl. With the exception. of 
one person, all who come in contact 
with the two young women believe 
that the heiress is the thief and for 
a time Mary is able to maintain her 
masequerade. Eventually the man, 
who bas been courting Margaret, 
falls in love with the imposter, pene- 
trates her deception, but is too chival- 
rous to reveal her identity. 

The complications are straightened 
when it is discovered that the girls 
are twins, separatea in infancy and 
ignorant of each other's existence. 
Associated with Miss Kennedy is the 


Amelia Gardner, Maud Leone, Tom 
Walsh, Cecil Owen, Lewis A. Sealy, 
|Alma Tremayne, Thomas Gunn, Willa 
| Frederie and others. 


The Right Girl. 

The pre-eminentty successful musi- 
cal comedy, “The Right. Girl,” book 
and lyrics by Raymond W. Peck, mu- 
sic by Percy Wenrich, staged by Vavid 
|'Bennett, which comes to the Atlanta 
theater on Thursday night for an en- 
gagement of three nights and NSatur- 
day matinee, bas enjoyed a six months’ 
season of success at the Times Square 
theater, New York, where it was de- 
scribed by theatergoers as “miles 
away from. tie ordinary,” and the 
management promises that no musical 
comedy this season will afford such 
opportunity for am evening of irre- 
sistible and enjoyable amusement. 
“The Right Girl,” is filled with pretty 
music and cate hy songs, including the 
great’ hit, “Love’s Little Journey ;” 
‘rediantly lovely girls, gorgeous cos- 
_tumes. clever singers and dancers, 
| omedinnt and comediennes. It is as 
‘amusing as a comedy should be, and 
more musical than many operettas. 
The management has assembled an ex- 


“Cor- cellent cast and chorus which includes 
comes to the Atlanta |.J 


ay Manners, Dave Mallen; Charlotte 
Turner, Dean Raymond, Florence 
Page, Charles Morison, Harry Red- 
ding, Gladys Moore, and others. Seats 
for the engagement are now on sale. 

“Three Wise Fools.” 

The public welfare is best benefited 
by laughter, according to John Golden, 
theatrical producer, who will ‘again 
present one of the best of his famous 
comedies, “Three Wise Fools,” at the 
Atlanta theater on Monday, January 
i6, when it will begin an engagement 
of three nights and Wednesday 
matinee, 

Not that he considers it should be 
prescribed by pbysicians, for be de- 
livers it in wholesale quantities in his 
famous comedies, such as “Lightnin’,” 
the world’s record play, ‘“furn to the 
Right,” “The First Year,” and “Dear 
Me.” “Three Wise Fools” ran a full 
sexson at the Criterion theater, New 
York; then it did six months in Chi- 
engo, and three months each in Bos- 
ton and Philadelphia. It also en- 
joyed a year in London, and is yet 
popular in Australia and the Orient. 
John W,. Kansome, famous as the 
original Hans Wagner in “Ihe Prince 
of Pilsen,’ will be the principal fun 
maker among the three old bachelors 
who form the theme of the story. Ha- 
zel Sexton, Robert L. Keith, Burke 
Clarke and Harry Fersman will. also 
be in the cast, Seats go on sale Thurs- 
day morning. 


May McA voy’s Ambition. 


May McAvoy confesses that one of 
the chief ambitions of ber young life 
is to catch a tuna fish. 

Immediately after finishing work on 
“A Homespun Vamp,” the little Para- 
mount star begged for a leave of ab- 
senee from the studio and hied her 
to Catalina Island, determined to, 
catch a tuna, the great game fish | 
which has made this particular section 
of the coast a sportsman’s delight. 

The star did not catch a tuna, and 
her furlough did come to an end. She 
reluctantly returned to the mainland 
and went to work'on her next release, 
still mourning because she had not 
cautht her tuna. 

“And mighty lucky for her, .too,” 
decided her friends. “What would a 
90-pound girl do trying to haul in a 
150-pound fish?” 


Cedric Gibbons, Goldwyn art direc- 
tor, is in New York looking over plays, 
getting the latest slant on scenic dec- 
orations, and incidentally enjoying a 


production during its long run in New 
York. It includes Leslie Austen, 


holiday. 


begs ITOH PM. 


VAUDEVH 


LE-DAILY- 3:30-7-9 
SAT. Z HOLIDAYS: 2-4-7-9 


MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY 


The Best in Vaudeville 


Mirth, Melody, Dancing and Novelties 


“Sengs and Scenes’”’ 
A Pretentious Song Oddity 
- o Set as Scenery 


Burns & Kie.n 
p Bundles of Laughter 


Homer Miles & Co. 
; “see Rough Neck” 


‘ 
“8 
. 
, 
; Mann & all ry 
M °o 
, 


i; Sunes and Chatter 


| 


Alvin & Alvin 
Eq@@ibrists 


The Popular Screen Star 


GARETH Hi 


UGHES 


in “THE HUNCH” 
A Picture That Pays Extra Dividends 
of Laughter 


WA Ques NERA 


NAS. 


ANS - AUS 


Atlanta Theater Attractions 


At left: 


Scene from ‘‘Cornered,” starrin 
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. At right: 
lanta theater Thursday, Friday and Saturday. 


Madge Kennedy, and at the Atlanta Theater 
eauty Chorus in “The Right Girl,’ at the At- 


‘‘Adroit Revue’’ 


| 
: 


At left: Madeline Brown, 


of. Johhson and Mack, 
Wednesday. 


in “Songs and Scenes,”’ at Loew’s Grand 


theater Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. 
at the Lyric theater 


| At the Vendeoile Houses] y,, Bitiih« Ves 


Heads Lyric Bill 


In an arid waste such as this 
once well lubricated country has be- 
come, a gluss of champagne is al- 
most nothing but a fond and tortur- 
ing memory, yet when a group of 
players get together and compose an 
offering that has all the bubble and 
sparkle of the above-mentioned fizzy 
water it may have about the same 
exhilirating effect. “The Adroit Ke- 
vue,” presented by Billy LaVar,. at 
Keit’s Lyric Monday, Tuesday and 
Wednesday, is one of those sort of 
things, It contains an abundance of 
good singing and pretty dances, in- 
cluding Spanish, Egyptian and whirl- 
‘wind toe dances. 

A special added feature is the team 
of Johnny Johnston and. Keller Mack. 
Johnny Johnston was formerly of the 
team of Johnston & Harty, but-a long 
time gefore, it would never do to tell 
ust how long before, he was a member 
of the. old Bijou Musical Comedy com- 
|pany, with Little Chip and Mary 
Marble, Otis Harlan and others. Now 
that the cat is out of the bag regard- 
ing his dark past, it is a certainty 
that all. of the veteran theatergoers 
will’ fecall his clever work. Comedy 
is un open book for him. His partner 
has had an equal amount of experience 


At right: 
Monday, 


Johnny Johnson, 
Tuesday and 


“One Clear Call.’”’ 


Windsor, famous screen beauty, for 
the leading feminine role in “One 
Clear Call,” his next independent unit 
production for Louis B. Mayer. The 
selection of Miss Windsor to Read the 
all-star cast of this picture comes as 
the crowning triumph of this popular 
young girl’s recent successes. 

Henry B. Walthall and Milton Sills 
have already been chosen as her lead- 
ing men. “Grand Larceny” and 
“What Do Men Want?’ were Miss 
Windsor’s latest stepping stones in 
her rapid climb to stardom, ‘One 
Clear Call,” which will be personally 
(lirected by Mr. Stahl, is adapted from 
Frances Nimmo Green’s book of the 
same name, 


Times Have Changed. 


Willmm A. Carroi!, who plays in 
“Yellow Men and Gold,” a Gouverneur 
Morris story, just completed at the 
Goldwyn studios, bas been-in the mo- 
tion picture game since the days wueu 
a board or strip of cotton batting was 
placed on the floor to show the actor 
how far he could go without getting 
out of the picture—and that was sey- 
eral years ago. 

About 13 years ago, when Gaston 
Melies was making one-reelers in San 
Antonio, the cameraman had to be 
“still” photographer, too, afd in the 
rush the etills were quite often over- 
looked until Mr. Melies offered a 
prize to the member of the company 
who shouted “still” at the end of a 
scene to remind the cameraman. 


The prize was a bottle of beer and 
Mr. Carroll admits that he usuaily 
had his share at the end of the day 
and that sometimes in the midst of a 
scene he’d have “stills” very much on 
his mind. His ambition was to win 
the prize after every scene—but at 
the rate of 45 scenes a day it’s prob- 
ably juet as well that he had compe- 
tition. 


The ukelele has been badly shaded 
by the musical instruments used in 
making “Beyond the Rocks,” Gloria 
Swanson’s next Paramount picture, by 
Elinor Glyn. A company of Tyrolean 
musicians and dancers strum madiy 
for dance scenes on “zithers, sither- 
lines and guitars.” 


RACHMANINOFF 


“The World’s Greatest Pianist-Composer’’ 


At the AUDITORIUM. 


Wednesday Eve., Jan. 11, at 8:30 P. M. 


TICKETS 


ON SALE 


om AT — 


CABLE PIANO CO., 84 North Broad St. 


Prices: $1, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2—Plus War Tax 
* FIFTH ATTRACTION 


mene an 


ak > ne 


oo 
cca 
ee. 


| John Philip Sousa, 


John M. Stahl has engaged Claire | 


yy 


and is just as well known everywhere, 
Thetr united efforts are labelled *“l'er- 
ry and Jerry,’ 

Edna Pierce and Hazle Goff are 
a duo of exceedingly pretty and charm- 
ing girls who present under the cap- 
tion of “Artistic Musical Entertain- 
ers” an offering that will not only find 
favor with lovers of music, but will 
please and entertain others as well, 
These young aes ae Ey ES 
ren ai musicians, both as soloists and in uni- 
John Philip Sousa, the “March yon work. Their repertoire consists 


With Famous Band, 
Coming to Allanta 


. oe y 
' 
eV E Sy FM * ; 
TN a mE SR NR A $$$ 


| acts have been booked. 


a 
= 


- Sh : ~ _ 
2 - AP. ian Sa ‘ ‘= - 


whe 


NCHELDL kee 


SONGS Ni SUENES 
TOPLINER AT GRAND 


Presented by Company of 
Clever People—Gareth 
Hughes on Screen. 


A program of splendid variety, not 
only in its vaudeville attractions, but 
on the silent screen as well, has been 
urranged for ew’s Grand theater 
the coming week. Ten big vaudeville 

Five tur the 
first three days of the week and the 
other five to come in the complete 
change of program beginning Thurs- 
day. These who enjoy novelty in 
musical and bumorous _entertain- 
ment will find it in beth of these 
high-class programs. 

The featured act for the first half 
is “Songs and Scenes” a pretentious 
und spectacular ang skit presented 
by A. I. Feinberg. Five members of 
the company are talented singers and 
po gm and entertain -with a revue 

pular character and special songs 
8 aleo introduce a_ lot of good 
comedy. The act is in three scenes. 

An added attraction on this bill 
will be the engagement of Burns and 
Klein, known as “The Assaysins of 
Gloom and Remorse.” Their offering 
is one — laugh. Comedy and sing- 
ing by both members of the team acd 
to the enjoyment of the turn. 

Homer Miles and Company, three 
people, have a very funny one act 
sketch this season “Che Rough Neck” 
that introduces some clever character 
work by Mr. Miles. The other men- 
bers of the company have excellent 
rcles. 

Other acts are Ham and Mallory 
in hilarious tunes and chatter and 
Alvin and Alvin, who are extraor- 
dinary acrobats, introducing some 
sensational balancing. 

On the screen Gareth Hughes will 
be the featured player appearing in 
a hilarious comedy drama “The 
Huncb.” Not since his perfect per- 
formance in “Sentimental Tommy” 
has he had a part in whicb he ap- 
pears to such fine advantage. 

For the last half of the week, be- 
ginning Thursday, the topliner will 
be the charming musical comedy fav- 
orite Elizabeth Solti in a melodious 
song and dance offering. Other acts 
will include Aileen Poe and Company 
in “The Chattel;” Reilly, Feeny and 
Reilly in harmony sungs, “Mammy,” 
the southern star of syncopation, and 
Turner and Turner in clever capers, 


——_ 


~_ es —— 


of popular and classical numbers and | 


is a splendid musical offering. 

McCormick and Irving are two pop- 
ular vaudevillians whose names are 
familiar here. Their new act is called 
“Accents and Nonsense,” and wag 
written for them by Billy Grady. Its 
basis is a sort of “Nothing but the 
Truth’ idca and the complications 
that ensue caused by telling only the 
truth result in much hilarity. 

As a perfect climax to a very excel- 
lent evening the management has se- 
lected the Three Bohemians and Nobly, 
a quartet of entertainers who have es- 
tablished an enviable reputation in the 
enst. Their offering is an eccentric 
novelty and one that is sure to amuse. 

A well-arranged program will be 
offered Thursday, Friday and Satur- 
day. Headed by the Caits Brothers, 
“The Tailorinade Boys,” and Coit Al- 
bertson, of moving picture fame, and 
his company, the bill includes Simpson 
and Lean, a comedy; Josephine Amo- 
ros & Oo., and Stewart and Harris 


Gloria Swanson and others doing 
“Beyond the Rocks,” Elinor Giyn’s 
story which Sam Wood is dirécting 
for Paramount, are back from Cata- 
lina island by yacht to resume work 
in the Lasky studio. 


King,” 1s coming to Atlanta with his | _ 
famous band of nearly 100 musicians, 
a half-dozen soloists, and the reper- | 
toire of blood-stirring marches that 
have made the name of Sousa famous 
throughout the world. 

Harry Askin, advance representative 
of the Sousa organization spent a day 
in Atlanta Saturday, completing plans 
for two concerts, to be given at the 
Auditorium on the afternoon and eve- 
ning of Monday, February 20. It 


7st wy 


2F.KEITH’ 


WORLD'S-BEST VAUDEVILLE 


will be Sousus mrst visit in years, 


and Mr. Askin said he looked for two MON.-TUES.-WED. 


2:30-7:30-9 P. M. 


capacity audiences, and special rates 
will be made for the schools and young 
people at the matinees, 

The completion of his 1921-22 gea- 
son will bring the total itinerary of 
Sousa’s band to nearly 800,000 miles, 
which includes more than twenty 
trans-continental journeys, five tours 
of Europe and one zig-zag globe gird- 
ling concert exposition of 60,000 miles. 


ADROIT REVUE 


A MUSICAL COMEDY MINIATURE 
—with 


BILLY LA VAR AND GIRLS 


To this unchallenged record Lieut.- 
Commander Sousa this season will add 
a tour which includes the principal 
cities of Canada, Mexico, Cuba and 
the United States. Much pressure has 
been brought to bear upon the great | 
band-master to include a number of 
South American capitals, but his list 
of engagements is already too long to 
be extended this season 


PIERCE & GOFF 


ARTISTIC 
Musical Entertainers 


JIM ELEANOR 


McGORMIGK & IRVING 


alin 
“Accents and Nonsense”’ 


No American musician and few of 
the great musical conductors of the 
old world have had so many profes- 


ECCENTRIC 
NOVELTY 


sional and national honors conferred 
on them as have been bestowed upon 
Lieutenant-Commander John Philip 
Sousa, both here and abroad. He re- 
ceived from King Edward VII., the 
medal of the Victorian Order, pinned 
on his breast by the then Prince of 
Wales, now King George. The Fench 
government has given him the Palms 
of the Academy of the Rosette of 
public instructor: he bas the meda! of 


— 


3 BOHEMIANS & NOBBY 
JOHNNY JQHNSTON & KELLER MACK 


TERRY & JERRY 


But | But Four Men Have 
W hispered in Ear 
Of Madge Kennedy 


That fortune smiles on some and 
the birds sing for ethers is ana 
agreed upon by those who have not 
found their road to success a path of 


- 


MADGE KENNEDY. 


flowers. Take the case of Madge 
Kennedy, the yo ung and beautiful 
actress, noted alike on stage and screen 
for her splendid talent, delectable 
beauty and appealing personality. 
Miss Kennedy is a sun-kist California 
girl, who, for the first sixteen years 
of her life revelled in the warm sun- 
shine and soft winds that came over 


mapa sei Vn FRIDAY 
SATURDAY 


the mountains frem Santa , 

Then at a Berkeley school a 

told ber she could act, and 
‘to buzz. She 


mother to come east, and on 

rival in New York they inte 
William A. Brady, the Cali nian | 
ducer. Brady placed Miss Ke 
under contract and gave her the lea 
ing role in “Little Miss Brown,” @ 
new farce comedy that proved spe 
cessful at its first presen | 
Being unusually gratified at Miss 
Kennedy's success in the part, he 
whispered | in her ear and told ber 


she was “great.” 

After i ittle Miss Brown” 
laid away, the Selwyns, ucers. of 
“Twin Beds” aan “Fair and Warmer,” 
whispered to Miss Kennedy, “Please 
accept the leading feminine role.” She 
did accept, and wherever these farce 
comedies are known or remembered, 
Mise Kennedy's fame as a comedienne 

firmly established. So pleasing 
wen her work in these comedies that 
they survived for an unusually long 
time upon the stage. 

The third man to “whisper” in the 
young actress’ ear was Mr. Goldwyn, 
the moving picture magnate, ve 
tempted her thus: “Make a series of 
pictures for the Goldwyn cotporation 
and you will be as famous on the 
acreen as you are upon the s -- 
the words being accompanied 
contract that chimed generous fi 
cial terms. Miss Kennedy's success 
in motion pictures has been most prto- 
nounced and she enjoys a followin; 
second to that of only Mary Pickford. 

The fourth member of the quartet 
who whispered to Miss Kennedy was 
the redoubtahjle Henry W. Savage,. 
who suggested last fall that she play a 
dual role in “Cornered,” the comedy 
drama that he was to produce at the ' 
Astor theater, New York. “Cornered.” 
Mr. Savage explained, was of.a lii- 
tle deeper quality and more subtle 
than the plays which Miss Kennedy 
had appeared in heretofore. 


was 


Now that she is Mrs. William, S. 
Hart, Winifred Westover is not anx- 
ious to remain in pictures. Avcord- 
ing to her most recent announcement, 
she will adhere to private life. Never- 
theless, she may make an exception 


once in a while and play in one of 
ber husband's pictures. 


re hs Wry “pag hy ae, 


‘ee . Pik 


Re 


. 


< ; ye % ir ol 


PRICES: Nights, 50c to $2.50. Special Wed. Mat., 50¢ to $2.00 


JAN. 12.13.14 (sition 


the Fine Arts Academy of Hainau, 
Belgium, and other gifts by inatitu- 
tions and individuals. The “march 
king” appeared by command befere 
King Edward at Sandringham and at 
Windsor. 

The historic tour of the world made : 
by Sousa’s band ten years ago stards | 
alone in the annals of concert giving. 
It included the principal cities and 
towns of Europe, Africa, Australia, 
Tasmania and New Zealand, the Fiji 
Islands and Honolulu. Sousa has “fol- 
lowed the flag.” and his marches, 
notably “The Stcrs and Stripes,” have 
been heard wherever our national em- 
blem has been seen. 


ee 


If you anne: to see : ie Mayo in 
one of his w. k. film flights you w 
have to see one of his older pictures, 
Universal is no longer going to place 
Mayo in this type of story, as he will 
hereafter play society dramas. It has | | 
only been since his entrance into | 
picture that be has been playing the 
black-and-blue drama, for ore that 
he was identified with the finer type | 
of theatricals. 


Estelle Taylor, heantiful leading 
womag for William Fox, has been | 
wearing a veil draped design, ob - 
long shape, embroidered with silk | 
chain stitching in the corners which | 
she says she could have sold three | 
times or so well did the actresses | 


eee Se ee mire: Se nah inde BM 
aes . 


“*% ae seal | 


" . ace = 


ae wage saalhcee ‘ oe em beeen sae tS 


\faine udio like this bit of a fem- 


AUDITORIUM 


Monday, 
More for Your Money 


Feb. 20th 


PRICES: 


pa DAYS 


(All Performances) 75c to $2.50. SEATS NOW. 


MONDAY, 


JOHN GOLDEN 


Producer of “Lightnin’/* “Dear 
Presents the Bext-Acted and Most Delixhtful of all Comedies— 


JAN. 16. weoxespar 


“The First Year,” and 


“ 
ena an . ‘3 + Ral . 
o— as : Bes «ol Sin aah a ath a es ‘ 
; 4 Sh Ae cee” ake nye Fe Shae s nd ee ee 4 EDR phan a DE ic 

. t % 5 z +, oes ae QB ad Pe 5 f Rear sm, ee Mag ¥ 

im " 5 4 : ~—* < : +t "adie "s Tp deseebice tie we Le * Cas hte) 5 > oo vo o.¢ none n a ae ae 
it See r Mt >>, 4 q y » oa yer ery ety 3 ‘ r 8. AS ‘ Se ts 2 2 ‘ ,; i ’ ay % 

Se et 4 ee 4 aR ye ee C Un nah OW Sl ath RS AE GD cele < att ; re, we < s ; : 
a Be ee ee eS taps touts - CeO Saree tee le ee he ee OP ih ila a ie ye -e ee be, ae ee By 
R ‘ “ 2 - 2 ‘ 2 ne see " Se ¥ i ” . 
one ‘a es ~ Fas + , ig seat 2 . 
Po 4 o 


’ 
* »* aac a led EWE AAS BPM ae ii ee 


ete |) he > Sh ee 6 Ue ER Oe ee ~ we ee ee eee 


PRO OP Rieti PO RAE, eR A ee ee BOE 


“ made in a single day—in appearance, 


- Sieal coinedy queen who was taking 


/ accepting the homage due tu the «tar. 


é > hotel, 


35:9, sean ~ 


- 


tiful Liar,” 


4 


‘s\Metropolitan theater all this week. 
_ ehestra have heen held over -for an- 
“film holiday.” 


¢ 
work by 


I 


production, 
100 per cent production basis, with all ‘elist and short story writer, who is 
five stars busy on new pictures. 


ae “iii pee ' Re gS tt peta eae See eye at 
eth HE CONSTITUT Resdiscat tbe, _ AT serch Mest, ti Poecctic nine. Peon 2 a a 
; a “i me + SERRA Oo 


‘s ter Le ey oo lg 
— 3 sare seoc suena De ae seeeteice ei Ree ARO ee WSS aaa semanas NRE Taba 


SAP Aig? ae 


St SANG 


ieetere? tee oon 


WNDUCTED BY UL. &. WINCHEL 


wag hy ¢ 


— 


haa il 


“ 


ee, Psi ‘ =e! : eaides iS Pe Ser - : 


iene ae, ye hi ee Sera Ess uN ee) 


WH 


AA 


-—E M DONALD 
AN THE METROPOLITAN 


: Berl Fuller’s Orchestra Held 
Another Week—Program 
to Change. 


From stenographer to famous ac- 
tress. 
That was the leap Helen Haynes 


if not in fact. 

One day she was happily engsged 
in her duties, oblivious of the fact 
that strange adventures were just 
around the corner; the next day she 
was a guest in an exclusive hotel, 
posing as Elsie Parmeleg, the mu- 


the theatrical worid by. storm, and 


It all eame about because Helen 
bore a strikiug likeness to Elsie. 

Gaston Allegritti, manager of the 
had saved himself from being 

fired—Dbecause of bis closer atten- 
tions to the stock market—hv prom- 
ising that Elsie would appear at a 
society play in the hoteit. Gasten 
was given to rash promises, and this 
promise in particular had been given 
to Mrs. Van Cortlandt- Yan Allstyn, 
leader of the city’s “400,” and late: 
to the owner of the hotel. Fearing 
* the displeasure of the society leaver, 
the hotel owner agreed to withdraw 
oe e demand for Gaston's resignation 

the manager produced the actress. 
. But Elsie refused pointblank and 
« sailed for Honolulu. Meeting Helen 
+ in the office of the broker, by wtiom 
ehe was emp'oyed, and noticing her 
“resemblance to the ac tress, Gaston 
_ tried to induce her to impersonate 
Elsie. He met with no succesa un- 
til MacGregor, the Scotch heokkeep- 
‘er, seeing a holiday in it for him- 
* gelf. induced her to azree. 

The eomplications which ensued are 
entertaininely related in ‘““ihe Beau- 
starring Katherine Mac- 
Donald, which is tau ne shown at the 
S In addition to the regular proctam, 
aril. Fuller and his New York or- 


other week. Mr. Ful'er has arranged 
a complete change of program. 


There 


sign of the rumored 
so far as HRealart. is 

With the commencing of 
Mary Miles Minter, Para- 


is no 


oncerned. 


eren as a gergeant of rolice in “The 
Truthful Liar.” . a 


storv 


WOMAN'S PROBLEM 


Picture Reveals a Woman’s 
Soul Tried in Self- 
Sacrifice. 


The unique spectacle of a beautiful 
young woman occupying a judge's 
bench and, with the calm and impas- 
sive demeanor of a veteran jurist, 
sentencing a lawbreaker to prison is 
one of the treats in store for patrons 
of the Tudor theater when “Every 


Woman's Problem” is presented there 
all this week. 

Although women already occupy a 
prominent position in the legal field, 
there is but one case on record of a 
woman being red or elected to 
the judicial bench. The only represen- 
tative of the feminine sex to receive 
this signal ieaee is Judge Florence 
Allen, who is now presiding ever the 
criminal court of Cuyahoga. county 
in Cleveland. 

“Every Woman’s Problem” is a 
dramatic revelation of a woman’s soul 
tried in the crucible of seli-sacrifice. 
Clara Madison, a beautiful and _bril- 
lian woman judge, is elected governor 
of a western state. Her election sig- 
nifies the supreme triumph of progres- 
sive womanhood and focuses upon ber 
actions the eyes of an interested and 
cynical world. Self-reliant and cour- 
ageous, Governor Madison upholds 
the best traditions of her important 
office until by a startling chain of 
circumstances her husband, a success- 
ful attorney, is convicted of murder 
and sentenced to the gallows. 

The cause of sex equality is on 
trial. To overrule the verdict of the 
law and pardon her busband in the 
face of incontrovertable evidence of 
his guilt would mean a flagrant vio- 
lation of the people’s trust—betrayel 
of the eause she has pled ~@ herself 
to uphold and a glaring confession of 
woman’s unfitness to shonlder’ the 
grave responsibilities of publie office. 
She alone can save her husband 
from paying the sunreme penalty, but 
reckoning the appalling cost. her son] 
is racked with torture. With her 
husband in the shadow of the gallows, 
che steels herself to the great sacri- 
fice in a climax that reaches the 
heights of dramatie tension. 


Kid McCoy, former puvilist, will he 


Wanda Hawley 
tealart vehicle. This is the first 
written directly for the screen 


nount star, on Realart’s twenty-sixth 
the comnany now is at a 


hv 


now at the Realart studio. 


Will Payne, the well+tnown nov- 


_ = 


oe ee ee ee ae ee ee | 


i 


. > 


= 


~~ & &* oS wD ere Re 


tees Beene = &* @ Se 


—te kh e* 


— ae an” 


THE TUDOR 


ONLY THEATRE IN 


THE CITY SHOWING 


FIRST-RUN P°CTU 


GREATEST 
TRIBUTE TO 
WOMAN- 
HOOD, 
FEATURING 
(DOROTHY 
DAVENPORT) 
MRS. WAL- 
LACE REID. 


+ 


RES AT POPULAR PRICES 


| 
ON TUDOR SCREEN} 


- 


Scenes and 


Plays at Atlanta 


Photoplay Theaters | 


‘ 


‘+ brothers in 


FACING LIFE’S 
GREATEST PROBLEM: 
WAS SHE RIGHT 
WHEN SHE 
SACRIFICED 

LOVE FOR DUTY? 


<a 


Added Features "omega “International News,” 


‘DICK TOPE—ARTHUR EWING 
Those Syncopating Jazz Boys 


Organ Solos‘ By ’ 
MR. J. GORDON MOORE and MRS, J. R. BYINGTON 


\ 


of the North,” coming to the Rialto soon. 
Katherine MacDonald, in “The Beautiful Liar,” at the Metropolitan theater all week. 
Flower,”’ at the Vaudette Monday and Tuesday: May McAvoy, in “Morals,” at Alamo No, 2 Monday and Tuesday; Gareth Hughes, 
lice Calhoun, in ‘‘The Little Minister,” at the Criterion all week; Constance Binney, in “First 
Love,” at the Forsyth Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday; Ruth Roland, in “White Eagle,” at the Alpha 1 theater Tuesday. 


Loew’s Grand theater ‘Monday, Tuesday and Wedn esday; 


Top row, left to right: Fritz Lieber and Betty Blyth, in ‘““The Queen of Sheba,’ at the Howard theater all week. Center, at top: Jack Holt, in “The Call 
Below: Jack Hoxie, in “The Man From Nowhere, ” at the Strand Monday, 
Bottom row, from left to right: Richard Barthelmess, in ‘The Love 


Tuesday and Wednesday. At right: 


in “The Hunch,” at 


Grace Darmond has: gone back to 
seriai-making; temporarily, at least. 
She is being starred by the Warner 
“Shadows of the Jungle.” 
in which Philo McCullough, Derelys 
Perdue, Jack Richardson and the en- 
tire Barnes circus support her. 


T. Roy Barnes, one of the leading 
comedians in “Is Matrimony a 
Failure,” a forthcoming Paramount | 
comedy, will play Santa Claus at a' 


big Christmas*party given to 5,000 
children by the. Los Angeles Shriners. 


Betty Blythe, 
Fox 


California to New York. 
off in Columbus, Ohio, 


ture was showing. 


who caine to the 
front in “Queen of Sheba,” the big 
spectacle, has toured again from 
She stopped 
to give the 
residents a treat by making a per- 
<onal appearance where the Fox pic- 


NK pedacactecaeats ee ebageits 


a; 


“Teo: 


[X\ETROPOL IT 


Are: R* 


CTEEOTTODE HERS RE RESET Eat ec eee Te vere PITTI rr trerriiy OFTPOTRE Cee ee teat e cee tateer 


BUSINESS. 


“IT’S THE 


GREATEST 


JAZZ BAND IN THE WORLD” } 
EDUCATIONAL COMEDY, “STOLEN E 


aeetser issihe PPRAPESRPARSUELO DRESS epaggeeccopeacesse Ctacaaarrciacretarts sop tetags UDGRCERGRT CASTER A acearataas 


a 


ri eeeseteeery 


WHEN YOU DELIVER THE GOODS— 
WHEN YOU GIVE MORE FOR THE 
MONEY THAN ANY ONE ELSE—YOU 
GET THE BUSINESS. 


THAT’S WHY THE METROPOLITAN 
THEATER IS GETTING CAPACITY 


ALL THIS WEEK --- Another Great 
--- PROGRAM --- 


KATHERINE 
MacDONALD 


“THE BEAUTIFUL LIAR” 


From: -—-gteno to star 

¢ «desk lights to footlights 
-—trolley car to town car 
—hall room to hotel 
—typewriter to tiara 
-—lunch room to Rector’s 
uel Just became Helen wee—the beautiful lies 


A FIRST NATIONAL ATTRACTION 


Held Over Another Week 


THE BIGGEST VAUDEVILLE HIT EVER RECORDED IN ATLANTA 


EARL .FULLER AND HIS 
NEW YORK ORCHESTRA 


A COMPLETE CHANGE OF PROGRAM. 
NEW SONGS PLAYED AS ONLY 


EARL FULLER’S BAND CAN PLAY THEM. 


RY” 


Haghes’ “Wall Flower.” 


Among Goldwyn’s big new special 
pictures to.be released early in the 
rew year is Rupert Hughes’ original 
screen story, “The Wall Flower.” 


Mr. Hughes, who bas kept in close 
‘touch with every phase of productivi 
of his photoplays, has, in the case of 
“The Wall Flower,” assumed the di- 
rectorial reins, in addition to writing 
the scenario and preparing tle con- 
tinuityé 

Colleen Moore, one of the most 
charming screen personalities recently 
discovered, was engaged by Goldwyn 
to play the chief role in “The Wall 
Flower,” that of Idalene Nobbin, who 
starts out in the story as a veritable 
wall flower, lacking grace and charm, 
but who, by an unusual series of cir- 
cumstances, blossoms out into a very 
up-to-date and popular young woman. 
So pleased were the author and studie 
officials with Miss Moore's acting of 
the part that it has been decided to 
feature her in the photoplay and she 
was at once engaged for Mr. Hughes’ 
new picture, temporarily called “Sent 
for Out,” photography on which was 
recently completed. 

Playing opposite Miss Moore ‘is 
Richard Dix, Goldwyn’s featured lead- 
ing man, usually seen heretofore op- 
posite Helene Chadwick. Others in 
the cast are Gertrude Astor, Laura 
Laplante, Tom Gallery, Rush Hughes, 
son of the author: Dana Todd, Fanny 
Stockbridge and Emily Rait. 


Laurence Wheat, fresh from Broad- 
way, is the latest addition to the | 
Hollywood film colony, joining Thom- | 
as Meighan to play | a leading role in 
“The Proxy Daddy,” Meighan’s latest 
picture, which has just been started 
at the Lasky studio under the direc- 
tion of Alfred Green. 


Tom Mix and Lynn F. Reynolds 
are authors of Tom's new picture just 
started at Hollywood and being made 
under the working title, “Arctic 
Trails.” 
feminine lead. It is the Fox star’s 
first picture with a prologue. 


RIGHARD BPRTPFIMFSS 


Eva Novak is playing the } 


and CAROL DEMPSTER 
DAVID WARK 


GRIFFITHS 


NEWEST PICTURE OF LOVE 
ROMANCE AND ADVENTURE 


THE LOVE 
FLOWER. 


VAUDETTE 


Tomorrow and Tuesday 


prepared for the scenes where he has 
to pedal her along a rural highway' 
on the handlebars of a bicycle. 


_ Harry Myers, supporting Doris May 
n her jatest Hunt Stromberg produc- 
rept “Boy ee should be well 


A PARAMOUNT PICTURE 


RIALT 
A Bettie 
P Compson 
R J. M, BARRIE'S 


w “The Little 
Minister” 


by the millions who saw it. 


the role of Gypsy Babbie. 


will love her in every scene. 


eo 


ers Beaten Saws ove BIE: estes? Riedie. "ole be bth ae rad groin Fas ates ad Wad aa ae aad bee 


Ruth Roland, Star 
In “White Eagle,” 
_ At Alpha Tuesday 


All the adventure, thrills, colos 
and romance of the old and the new 


‘| west Ruth Roland has crammed ints 


her new Pathe serial, “White Eagle,” 
which is announced for its firs? 


showing at the Alpha theajer fos 
Tuesday, when its first e e, eh- 
titled “The Sign of the Trident,” will 
be shown. 

“White Eagle,” from the gifted pen 
of Val Cleveland, is said to be Ruth 
Roland’s greatest seria). Not only 
does it exceed her others in thrilis 
and action, adventure and mystery, 
but it is ie by far the most lavish serial 
ever roduced. 

lans and cowboys provide ac 
Ph mystery, adventure, thrills and 
vivid, colorful atmosphere to “White 
Eagle,” which tells the story of an 
American girl who suddenly finds she 
ia the white chieftainess of two In¢ 
dian tribes. It is her sacred duty ta 
decide which tribe shall possess the 
Golden Pool, which contains an in- 
ehaustible supply of liquid gold. A 
ranchman, greedy for wealth and 
power, conspires with the chief of 
one of the tribes to gain possession, 
by fair means or foul, of the pool, 
Many adventures and dangers befall 
eee Roland as the Princess White 

agile. 


MAY M’AVOY AT ) 
ALAMO 2 MONDAY 


Manager W. T. Murray, of Alame 
No. 2, has secured and will show ox 
Monday and Tu sday of this week, 
one of the photoplay sensations of the 


present season, May McAvoy, in “More 
als.” ‘This is a Wiliam D. Tayiee 
production, the same man who pro- 
duced “The Furnace.” In ‘Morals 
a picture has be:n m de that has res 
ceived the unstintid praise of every 
critic who has seen it and May Me- 
Avoy, one of the latest of the popular 
ecreen stars, has a role of tremendous 
appeal, 

“Her First Kiss,” a Fox comedy 
will also be shown on these days, an 
the Belmont Three in comedy and real 
old \eararaes singing w.ll entertain all 
week. 


A heavy drinker at 3! 

But little Hobart Kelly, who supe 
ports Wanda Hawley, Paramount 
star, in “Bobbed Hair,” drinks good 
old aqua “puree” right out of the 
hydrant. When the company was on 
location at a suburban railroad sta- 
tion, and they needed Hobart, they 
always found him just around the 
corner.a short standpipe with running 
water-and a cup. Maybe he’s con- 
vinced that by the time he grows 
up there won't be anything else to 
drink ! 


There will be at least one thing 
different about “Tharon of Lost Va)- 
ley,’ Dorothy Dalton’s most recent 
starring vehicle for Paramount. In 
the saloon scene Miss Dalton does 
not appear in short skirts as a dance- 
hall girl, but as a rough-and-read¢ 
girl of the plains in hich boots, rid- 
ing breeches and a mackinaw. 


the star of Mark Twain’s “Connecti 
cut Yankee,” Myers led ye valiant 
knights, mounted on motorcycles, to 


THIS IS POSITIVELY THE ORIGINAL, AND 

ONLY AUTHENTIC PICTURE OF J. M> 

BARRIE’S PARAMUIJNT PRODUCTION 
“THE LITTLE MINISTER” 


Books and plays come and go, but “The Little 
Minister” goes on forever. Asa book, beloved in a 
million homes. As a play, never to be forgotten 
Maud Adams’ greatest 
stage success, made into a greater photoplay. With 
hundreds in the cast and a star who was born for 


Betty Compson never had a better role than 
that of the girl who pretended to be a gypsy—and 
turned a whole town upside down. rida audience 


Don’t be misled. See the original “The Little 
Minister” at the —RIALTO—all this week. 


SPECIAL MUSIC BY RIALTO ORCHESTRA — 


PARAMOUNT PICTU! 


succor ye fair maid held prisoner by 


As! the oval villainess., 


ALL THIS 
WEEK 


ZCoOsrAzArr 


, 


5 


ee 


‘ 


day. 


« ever been recorded in 
‘ ancient ahd modern history. 


-— 


QUEEN OF SHEBA” 
FEATURED AT HOWARD 


‘ Fritz Lieber and Betty Blyth 


Appear in Leading 
Roles. 


The Howard theater opens tomor- 


‘pow with one of the most talked-of 


pictures on the American screen to- 
“The Queen of Sheba,” with all 
its Babylenian splendor, its beautiful 
settings, thrilling chariot races, is held 
together by one of the most powerful 
and beautiful love themes that has 
the annals of 
There 


iniaiaiieeadiie: oa — see ee et = ee 


~ CRITERION FEATURE 


Alice Calhoun Is Given 
_ Charming Role of Lady 
* Babbie. 


In making “The Little Minister,’ at 
the Criterion all this week, Vita- 
graph adhere closely to the novel. ‘The 
story is in itself a work of simplicity, 
dealing for the miost part with the 
humble life 6f the poor weavers in the 
village of Thrums. It was to get 
this atmosphere and give the produc- 
tion realism that Vitagraph strove 
for in transferring the story to cel- 


LITTLE MINISTER’ IS 


Constance Binney 


A drama of love and disillusionment’ 
in the life of a humble working girl is 
“First Love,” which opens a three-day 
run at the Forsyth theater tomorrow, 
with Constance Binney 
role. 

The story concerns Kathleen O’Don- 
ne] a demure and likable young factory 
girl, whose life has been uneventiul and 
very much. shielded by her parents. 
Eventually, however, she has her first 
beau, and because she knows nothing of 
men, she falls head-over heels in Tove 
with the chap just because he is hand- 
some. : 

Her parents read the fellow’s true 
character,and the father forbids him 
the house, whereupon 
nantly 
dogged 
works herself to exhaustion to lend 


4 CONDUCTED 


sti eae 
Is Featured Star 
At Forsyth Monday| 


in the stellar 


of 


the girl indig- 
clinging . with 
She 


home, 
to her ideal. 


leaves 


loyalty bu 


'.The Rialto theater presents as its 
feature attraction this week Sir James* 
M. 
Paramount | 
Minister,” starring Betty. Compson. A. 
synopsis of the story follows? s 
Rising against the manu{acttirers } 


gered by reduction in prices paid for 
their product, burn a factory. Coen- 
stables strive to arrest the ringleaders, 


by the villagers, when Gavin, “the Iit- 


- > 
Lag 


~-(S RALT PICTURE 


Betty Compson Has Leading | 


Role in Paramount 
Screen Version. 


.*% 


Barrie’s original and autueftic | 


Thrums, Scotland, the weavers, an- 


t are subjected to hard treatment 


production, released by Metro, with 
Gareth Hughes as star, which will be 
seen at. Loew’s Grand theater Mon- 
day, Tuesday and Wednesday,.is the 
first photoplay by Percival Wilde. It | exceptionally 
appeared originally as a short story in 
the Popular Magazine. 


production,» “The Little} Wilde is the author of fifty-six plays, 
fifty-two of which, most of them’ in 
one act, have bad production. 
long plays include “The Woman -in 
Room 13,” “First Is Last” and ‘“Jo- 
morrow's. Price,” written in céllabo- 
ration, and “The Penalty.” 


Gareth Hughes in | 
~ * “New Feature Film| 


“The Hunch,” a George D.. Baker | 


Although he is still under 35, Mr.) 


His 


Gareth ‘Hughes, star of "rhe | 


Jack Hoxie, the celebrated cowboy, | 


~ 


STRAND THEATER 
STARTING MONDAY 


The managem ent of the Strand has 
arranged an exceptional bill for the 
first three days.of the week. it con- 
tains--two feature attractions. Une 
of. the feature picture, the other an 
high-clas8 © performer 
that needs no introduction to Atlanta 
music lovers. Mr. John Verdi, who 
will appear atthe afternoon and night 
petformances as*a_ concert pianist. 
The’ feature picture bas as its star 
born in Uklahoma, a haifbreed Chero- 
kee Indjan.. Mr. Hoxie is no new- 
comer to Atiantans as be made his 
personal appearance at a local theater 
here some months ago and won the 
hearts of. every Atlantan who had 
the good fortune of meeting him. He 
appears at the Strand in, one of his 
western thrillers entitled, “A Man 


Griffith Pi ; 


. “The Love Flower,” 


David Wark Griffith, who has given 
to the world the greatest of motion 
pitcures, has demonstrated that it was 
not a case of luck because of the 
fact that he has not only produced 


of these is “The Love Flower,” which 


will open an engagement at the Vaud- 
ette theater tomorrow. Richard 


wonderful little girl that you saw in 
“Dream Street,” are the stars in this 
his most beautiful story of love, ro- 
mance and adventure. Love, the kind 
that only Griffith knows how to have 


his performers portray. Romance 
that equals that of Romeo and Juliet, 


At the Vaudette| 


one wonderful picture, but many. Une} 1:1) pe 


Barthelmess and Carol Vempater, that. 


sx" : > — 
me 3 Sa, Pat ES * Ming gee’ . a 
as ae a? ne 2 b Ne eS GN EAS by 
Ss hag 4 $< NES iaghn ee ee ‘ 
. a” Re aes Oe ee: I TL Oe - 
yaRe % . 5 


Par +. Bore eet nl a= S nie x 


tion in Collier's Weekly, known as 
“Black Sheep,” by Kalph Stock. In 


addition to the feature attraction a 
Snub Pollard comedy, featuring Say 


Pollard and Little Smili 
Sete a “Try, 


ng Sunshine 
own. oe 


Lucille Carlisle, one of the best- — 
known comediennes of the screen, ix ~ | 
Larry Semon’s leading lady in his ~ 
new comedy which is nearing co 3a 
tion at the West Coast studios. — 
Carlisle appeared with the comedian —~ 


‘in many of his comedies, but has not 


been seen in his most recent produc. 
tions, As the new comedy has its ac- 4 
tion in and about’ a theater, Mise 
Carlisle will have a role in which she 
ie thoroughly at home. . 


. 
ise 
x 
4, 


—~. 


Hunch,” is‘a Welsh boy who has just 
reached bis majority. He has been on 
the stage since he was fifteen, when 
he joined a Shakespearean road com- 
pany in England. - He came to ‘the 
United States with Welsh _ play- 
ers and then joined the Ken Greet 
company. Appearances in “Joseph. 
and His Brethren” and “The Critie” 
were followed by a season at the Lit- 


luloid.” The atmosphere of the Scotch 
hamiet has been maintained. ‘I'he 
thatch roofs, thé plain little church, 
the red coats of the soldiers, the clean 
dress of the Scotch and other little 
touches which go to make this pro- 
duction oné that will be long remem- 
bered. ; 

No effort has been made to produce 
grand, spectacular scenes with elabo- 


Frem Nowhere,” and it is considered 
one of his very best pictures. In con- 
nection with the feature picture a 
Sunshine comedy, “Hungry Lions,” 
will be shown. . 

Professor John Verdi, whe will ap- 
pear at the afternoon and night per- 
formances in.a number of the best 
piano selections, is recognized as one 
of the leading pianists of the city of 


money to her worthless charmer, who 
has palmed himself off to her as a 
medical student badly in need. of funds 
to complete his doetor’s eourse, and 
he spends her money on other girls. 
Of course, such contemptible mean- 
ness, like murder, finally will-out, and 
how little Kathleen gets off her ro- 
mantic side track on tothe main line 
of real love is told in an entertainingly 


tle minister,” intervened in their be- 
half. . His intervention is . resented, 
but by his ¢loquence effects a compro- 
mise, and the constables are hooted 
out of town. 

Suspicion as to the means whereby 
the police learn the names of the ring- 
leaders falls upon a gypsy girl who, 
has frequently visited the poorest cot- 
tages’on errands of mercy. The wedv- 


is scene after scene of great beauty 
and magnificence in “Queen of Sheba” 
the marriage festival at the court of 
_ King Armud, the arrival at Solomon's 
court, the day of races and games, in- 
- cluding the chariot race between the 
Queen of Sheba and the. Princess 
Vashti; the arrival of David, son of 


DOUBLE FEATURE BILL 


, acts 


‘Dabney, Henrietta 


‘ plete 


- Solomon, the little Prince of Sheba; 


the battle between the forces of Solo- 


mon and Adonijab, and the pathetic 
tinul departure of the Queen of Sheba 


, for ber own realm, 


Betty Blythe is a voluptuously royal 
and beautiful Queen of Sheba, and en- 
the exacting role impressively 
besides showing great daring and skill 
in the chariot race; Fritz Lieber, the 


‘ noted Shakespearian actor, is an ef- 
. fective Solomon; 


Nell Craig is the 
Princess Vashti, George Seigmann is 
King Armud and Claire de Lorez is 
(Jueen Amarath, wife of Solomon. 
The chariot races in their thrilling 
rea.ism came ag a distinct surprise, 


bringing audible expressions of excite- 


ment and admiration from the au- 
dience. A most. effective musical 
program has been arranged by Enrico 
Leide. The overture, “The Triumphal 
Mareh,.” from “Aida,” is’ especially 
adapted to the magnificent splendor 


throughout the pieture and will lend 


an atmosphere that will fit in per- 
ectly. 

“King Solomons’ Bacchanale” is the 
title of the most pretentious prologue 
ever attempted on any Atlanta stage, 
and Mr. Weide’s constructive genius 
should be congratulated upon this 


‘piece of work. 


The Misses Gertrude Kelley, Marion 
Davis, Virginia 
Dabney, Robert Tarbour, Kathleen 
Clements, all of the Spiker Players, 


“will plag the principal roles in this 


prologue. 

The starting hours will be 11 :00, 
1:00, 3:00, 5:00, 7:00; 9:00. Com- 
de luxe performances will be 
3:00, 5:00, 7:00, 9:00. 


rate sets, as they would be entirely 
out of keeping with James M. Bar- 
rie’s. story, which bears upon the 
acting and human emotion for its 
beauty. | 

The story, which is regarded as a 
classic and which when brought to the 
screen mnust maintain the same quali- 
ties in order to make it a screen 
classic. Into the hands of David 
Smith was entrusted .the work of 
transferring this story to celluloid. He 
is the one director thought capable 
of doing the work. His success with 
such big’ screen productions as 
“Black Beauty,” which broke all pre- 
vious records, ahd “KE lowers of the 
North,” which is fast coming to the 
forefront as one of the big pictures 
of the year, have stamped him as a 
man to get realism.and artistry into 
screen productions. , 

“The Little Minister,” however, is 
not without its big scenes. ‘he wed- 
ding in the gypsy camp, the rain- 
storm and the river scene are all mas- 
sive and thrilling. ‘Then there ‘is the 
early. scene where Lady HBabbie 
matehes her wits against the little 
minister when. the soldiers are making 
a raid upon the town. ‘This, coupled 
with .the church scenes, adds: to the 
spectacular value of this remarkable 
story of dramatic action. 


Miss Chadwick In It. 


Helene Chadwick will play the*lead- 
ing feminine role in “The Dust Flow- 
er”’ Basil King’s story, which is soon 
tc go into production at the Goldwyn 
studios under the direction of Row- 
land V. Lee. James Rennie, husband 
of Dorothv Gish, will appear opposite 
her. .Mona Kingsley, a stage beauty 


dramatic manner. 


by 


the theme of Edward E.. Rose’s famous 
stage play. Several years ago Colonel 
Selig produced 
proved a great picture for those days, 
hut with the advance of the photo- 
dramatic art he has long desired to 
give this wonderful old story the broad 
picturization it deserved. 
author, it is said. has endeavored to 
bring the best of the inspired thought 
of both play and song into this bigger 
and better film version. 

Lewis Stone has the 
role as Father. Brian 
that has even been the goal of many 
great actors, and in it he is said to 
give the screen one of his finest char- 
acterizations. 

The scenes: representing the peace- 


Pronounced 
leaders in the motion picture industry 
who predict that it will be one of the 
cinema sensations of the: year, “The 
Rosary,” Selig and Rork’s first big 
independent 
groomed for early release. 


In addition to the unfoldment of a 
great story “The Rosary,” filmed un- 
der the direction of Jerome Storm, 
presents an all-star cast, headed by 
Lewis Stone,. Jane Novak, Wallace 
Beery and Robert Gordon, and includ- 
ing such well-known players as Dore 
Davidson, 
Woodruff, Mildred June, Harold Good- 
win and Eugenie Besserer, who re- 
peats on the screen the role of the 
mother 
stage. . 
‘Ihe Rosary” is an original story 


er 


“The Rosary.” | di 


a.screen classic by 


production, is being 


Ww 


Pomeroy Cannon, Bert 


re 


to 


which she created “on the 


Bernard ‘McConville inspired by 


“The ary.” It 


The screen 


rincipal male 
elly, a part 


the constables and possibly of the sol- 


tinels are appointed who will 
thrice on a horn to warn the villagers 
of the approach of the 


Lady Barbara, daughter of Lord Rin- 
toul, a magistrate. ) 
and none know Babbie as his daugh- 
ter, and he knows nothing of ber 
gypsy wanderings. 


troops at the barracks. reac 
her own rooms by a secret way in time 
to hear the story of the constables’ 
discomfiture and the captoin urges her 
futher to order the soldiers. out fo ar- 


order reluctantly. 


one by one, learns of the signal. gets 
a horn, tries’ to blow it and finds she 
can not make a _ sound. 
also that she is suspected of being 
a spy, she is in great straits when 
Gavin appears and she gets hin to 
blow the three blasts of warning. The 
weavers. rudely armed, line up to re- 


sist attack. 1 
on the sceen and aid them to escape. 


has spoiled his plans. 
arrest. 1 preva 
upon Gavin to pass her off as his wife 
He is furious, but infatuated. 


he thinks is a love tryst. 
pares to denounce Gavin. 
unscrupulous weaver, fo gain a rew ard 
for the gypsy’s capture, seizes her. 
Gavin learns of it an 


s prepare for a_ return attack of 


ers from a barracks nearby and sen- 
Liow 


mylitary. 
“Babbie,’ "tig gypsy lass) is really 


Few bave seen him 


Babbie is engaged to Captain Halli- 
ell, commander of the company of 
She reaches 


Rintoul issues the 
Babbie determines 


warn the weavers. ._ 
Babbie sees the sentinels captured 


st the weavers. 


Learning 


Gavin and Babbie arrive 


Flallitvell learns that a gypsy girl 
and orders her 


Babbie in disguise prevails 


Tammas Whamon sees them in what 
He pre 
Another 


d goes to. Lord 


Glyn’s story which Jack Cunningham 


amount picture, starring Gloria Swan- 
son. 


tle theater in Philadelphia. He then 
took a dip into vaudeyille in ‘“I'fie 
Concealed Bed,” by Graham Moffat, 
author of “Bunty Palls the Strings.” 
On the screen: he appeared with 
Clara Kimball Young fn “The Kyes 
of ‘Youth,” Florence Heed in ‘I'he 
Woman 
madge in “The Isle of Conquest,” Hve- 
lyn Nesbit in “Woman, Woman,” and 
Charlotte Walker in “Every Mother's 
Son” before joining Metro to play op- 
posite Viola Dana in “The :Chorus 
Girls Romance,” and .“Life’s Darn 
Funny,” and in “The Lure of Youth.” 
He was loaned to Famous Players 
to do “Sentimental Tommy” and then 
started as an S-L-(Arthur Sawyer and 
Herbert Lubin) star for Metro. ‘“‘The 
Hunch” was photographed by K. J. 
Bergquist. The art direction is by E. 
J. Shulter. ; 


An Alpine ‘hotel, perfect: in every 
detail, has been constructéd at Holly- 
wood for “Beyond the Rocks,” Elinor 


has translated to the sereen as a Par- 


While on location at Catalina 
Island for scenes in “Beyond the 
Rocks,” Gloria Swanson and Rudolph 
Valentino, Paramount stars in Blinor 
Glyn’s new story, entertained the 
guests at one of the big hotels with 
the tango and other fancy dance steps. 


Under Oath,” Norma’ Tal-| 


Atlanta. As stated above he is not 
a stranger to the people of this city 
as he: was a director of a local theater 
orchestra ‘her for ten years and his 
playing was a drawing card in itself. 


The costume factory erected at Me- 
tro studios in Hollywood for “The 
Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse’ 
has been reepened for the new Rex 
Ingram production, “The Prisoner of 
Zenda.” KR. B. Watson is in charge, 
with scores of tailors plying needles, 
Rex Ingram, who is anxious to star: 
filming scenes, has as his motto these 
days—"Quick, Watson. the needle.” 


- George Melford’s next spécial Para- 
mount. Production will.be an adapta- 
tion of the sensational story, ‘The 


“A Man From 


Cat That Walked Alone,’ by John 
Colton. It will be started at the 
Lasky studio early in January. Dor- 
othy Dalton will be featured. 


It will be a real happy New Year 
for Pearl White. Her first picture 
since her return from Europe is to 
be released by WiRiam Fox on that 
day. The original title was “Dis- 
content, but it has been changed .to 
“Any Wife,” which may mean _ the 
same thing. 


Although it has been “done” once 
before, Frances Hodeson Burnett's 
story, “That Lass o’ Lowrie,” has 


Valentino was a professional dancer 
before he went into the movies. 


been: chosen for Priscilla Dean’s next. 
‘and it will be elaborately filmed. 


i 


STRAND 


MONDAY—TUESDAY—WEDNESDAY | 


JACK HOXIE in 


Nowhere’ 


A Red-Blooded Story of a Man’s Man 
| Also a Fox Sunshine Comedy 


“HUNGRY LIONS AND TENDER HEARTS” 


Extra Attraction 


PROF. JOHN VERDI 


CONCERT PIANIST 
Graduate Royal Conservatory, Naples, Italy 
AFTRNOON AND NIGHT SHOWS 


Rintoul to plead for Babbie’s release. 
She escapes. however. gets to her 
room, hears Gavin pleading for her 
and confessing that he blew the horn. 
Halliwell gains the confession that the 
woman Gavin pretended was his wife, 
in reality was the gypsy sirl. intoul 
refuses a warrant for his arrest.iualli- 
well remembers that if a man’ ac 
knowledges a woman as his wife in the 
presence of witnesses, it constitures 
» marriage under Scotch law. demands 
that the magistrate place the evidence 
before the elders of the church. 
The elders give Gavin the choice of 
resigning or leaving Thrums. He re- 
fuses to leave, saying he has done no 
wrong: Then comes Halliwell and the 
others who announce the latest scan- 
dal when Babbie, recaptured, her face 
hidden, is brought in. Gavin orders 
that she be released and takes his 
stand beside her as his wife. Babbie 
uncovers her face and her father and ! 
Halliwell are stupified. Five elders : 
announce that law is law and there is | 
no escape. Halliwell goes out enraged | 
as Babbie and Gavin embrace, 


ful little fishing village of Sandy Bay, 
which is the locale of the romantie and 
dramatic story, were filmed on the 
coast of California and are said to 
be among the most picturesque and 
anne ever filmed in a play of this 
ype. 


also imported from New. York, will 
impersonate a polite “heavy,” and Ed- 
ward Peil will contribute the male 
villainy. 

This is the first time Miss Chadwick 

s been separated from Richard Dix 
in recent sereen.vehicles. They have 
just finished Gouverneur Morris’ “Yel- 
-low Men and Gold.” 


—_— eee ee ~~ -- 


ALAMO No.2 
oy Wonderful 
MAY McAVOY 


“MORALS” 


‘Her First Kiss,” Fox Comedy 


“Belmont Three” 


| tm Harmony, Comedy and Real 
| Old Ragtime Singing 


Not in Vain. 


It doesn’t sound reasonable for a 
wife to ask for an introduction to her 
husband, but that’s what happened to 
E. A. Warren, who is playing the role 
of the father in the Goldwyn picture, 
“Hungry Hearts.” Warren has been 
playing for several weeks with Mad- 
‘ame Rose Rosanova, who takes the 
part of his wife, but the other day 
when he appeared on the set without 
his makeup Madame asked Helen Fer- 
guson, who was talking to the actor, 
to introduce her. Now, Mr. Warren 
feels that the three hours he has de- 
voted to his makeup every morning 
have not been in vain. 


A New York hotel lobby complete, 
with telephone booths, news _ stand, 
switchboard and transients, forms the 
first setting that William de Mille has } 
had prepared for his new Paramount 
production, “Bought and Paid For,” 
with Agnes Ayres, Jack Holt, Walter 
Hiers and Leigh Wyant in the princij- 
_pal roles. 


ALPHA THEATRE 


TUESDAY | 


Ruth Roland in “White Ea le’’ 


First Chapter of a New Western Serial 


Indians and Cowboys provide action, adventure, thrills and vivid 
colorful scenes in this greatest Ruth Roland Photodrama. 


T. Roy Barnes, playing the lead in 
“Is Matrimony a Failure?’ a Para- 
mount comedy directed by James 
Cruze, is, out after golf honors and 
may annex a big cup in the near fu- 
ture. He is, as he admits, a nut on 
the game and spends almost every 
spare hour of daylight on the course. 
Incidentally, he swings a wicked club. 
‘Others in the big cast of the picture 
in which he is now working include 
Lois Wilson, Lila Lee and Walter 
Hiers. 


Barbara Bedford, promising young ' 
Fox star, has a word to say about 
sleeves and dong skirts. She de- | 
clares herself an advocate of the lon 
“bishop” sleeves on practically al 
dresses ,and has several embellished 
with regular embroidery. Some of her 
new dresses have skirts with adjuncts 
like wide panels verging on tunic 
formations, that reach the ankles. 


= . 4 re Pearl White shared honors with 
Will Rogers as a bright entertianer ! 


; Cc Q BS ST ) RJ at the dinner of the Authors’ league | 


in the Astor hotel, New York, last 
THE ADORABLE, IN HER BEST PICTURE 


week. Miss White, with Channing | 


Pollock, directed, showing the visitors | 
how emotions are registered in the 
“movies,” with Donald Bryan and 
SOMETHING EVERYBODY HAS EXP ERIENCED AND MOST HAVE SUR- 
VIVED. ‘ SWEETEST, PERHAPS, BUT SELDOM WISEST. EVERY MOTHER, 
EVERY FATHER, EVERY CHILD SHOULD SEE IT. 


FORSYTH 


MONDAY—TUESDAY—WEDNESDAY 


| RUDOLPH VALENTINO in “THE: SHEIK” 


COMING: THURSDAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY 


An adaptation of “Bought and Paid 
For,” George Broadhurst’s play, is 
announced as William de Mille’s next 
production. - Jack Holt and Agnes 
Ayres will play the leading roles. 


Down in the Grand Canyon Tom | 
Mix has been doing stunts, with the | 
result that William Fox is ready to | 
announce a picture by the versatile | 
Mix in which he will be s in one 
of those new roles that Foxthas laid 
out for him, with store clothes and 
everything. “Sky High” will be the | 
title, and the picture was directed by | 


Sport 
Review 


Forsyth 
Comedy 


Lynn Reynolds. 


The dainty story of Harlequin and 
Columbine will be done by . Betty | 
Compson and Theodore Kosloff in the | 
star’s next Paramount picture, “The ; 
Noose.” Miss Compson will also do 
an Apache dance. Mr. Kosloff coach- 
ed her. She plays a dual role. 


| 

The love romance of the most beautiful woman in 
| | the world. King Solomon with all his power and splen- ’ 
| 

| 

| 


THE PICTURE EVERYBODY WANTS 


dor could not resist her charms, 
Featuring Betty Blythe and Fritz, Leiber 
OVERTURE : 
Trinmphal March from Aida. ...cs:ecvesses oveees+VERDI 
The Howard Orchestra, Enrico Leide and Vincent Kay, Conducting 
PROLOGUE 
KING SOLOMON’S BACCHANALE 


A dance Poem interpreted by the Misses: 
GERTRUDE KELLEY VIRGINIA DABNEY 
MARION DABNEY ROBERT HARBOUR 
HENRIETTA DAVIS KATHLEEN CLEMENT 

of The Spiker Players, 


HOWARD THEATRE 


PERFORMANCES: 11 A. M.—1—3—-5—-7—_9 P. M. DE LUXE AT 3—3—7—9 
: ee 


CRITERION 


es THIS WEEK 
JAMES M. BARRIE’S FAMOUS NOVEL | 


“THE LITTLE MINISTER’? 


) —WITH— 
ALICE CALHOUN and JAMES MORRISSON 
Ri he: the gy 


sy girl, hada fagulty of turning up at the most unexpected times and aiding 

the poor. She was a mystery in Thrums. Some called her a witch, but she had a way of 
bewitching the hearts of those around her. Gavin Dishart fell victim to her power, against: his 
will. It is a picturization.of one of the greatest novels ever written, with a star that is a perfect 


Lady Babbie.. .. 
» EDUCATIONAL COMEDY, .“STOLEN 


Ls 
on *< x - 


KINOGRAMS 


a 


ses Seon ro wt 


it ¥ sn swat Mt 2 a ee 


LP ESO ERE 


SEBS" alee 


0 Book Reviews i in Tabloid] = 


ae S | This Man's World’¥is the title of 
Spur. Comfort’s last story, and if you 


a i been a reader of lijs interesting 


books you know that. he is a _ genius 
Am relating thrilling @xperiences. Do 

“You recail all the thrills you experi- 

- eneed in “Rutledge Rides Alone?” And 

- do you recall “Skag,” @ very unique 
' character in “Son of Power 
Mr. Comfort in his latest story tells 


. of the struggles of one man, Tom 


eS | Steepe, to protect the natives of the 
“J jag seas against the cruelty of his 
Bs iter The story of ‘Tom in it- 
meee. very interesting for’ he 
re 4 Fi up on the streets .of Chicece 
iy, lonesome American soldier who 


‘~~ carried him to the Philippine. Islands, 
a where every minute of his life became 


one of thrills and dangers, — 
There is also # very appealing ro- 


, mance entwined around two of life’s 


-poor—Tom and “Lone” Anstey. 


# 


‘Tespondent in the Philippines and 
‘knows the South seas and their coral 
reefs as well as Kipling knows jungle 
life in India. (Doubleday, Page & 
Ao., Garden City.) 


THE WHISTLER JOURNAL. 

_ Elizabeth K. and Joseph Pennell, 
‘authors of the authorized “Life of 
James McNeil Whistler,” have com- 
a book that most attractively 

represents the life and work of 
this great artist. 

Wiistler arranged with the Pen- 
felis that they should write his “Life,” 
from which time they kept a_per- 
‘onal record of the Whistler as they 
knew him—a compl te record of what 
he said, of what he did, and of what 
“he told them he had done during his 
life. He also told them of his con- 
Atemporaries relating: many KHitle per- 
#onal stories about his friends who 
Svere artists, authors, and of well- 
known'men and women in London, 
for Whistler had the habit of know- 
ing everyone of note and never forget- 
ting them. 
~ So it has fallen to the lot and the 
Pleasure of the Pennelis for the first 
time to interestingly describe the real 
life and doings and sayings of the fa- 
mous Whistler. 

This large and handsome volume of 


‘nearly four hundred pages contains 
the intimate revelations of this great 
artist, his friends, his views on art 
and artists, notes of his talk, his wit- 


How Many Pounds 
Would YouLike To 
hain in 1 Weak 


_ 


VYITAMINES — those mysterious 
ubstances found in certain foods, are 
by the best scientific 


But when ‘Alexander vitamines 4f6 
added to the die the results are amaz- 


1? which are now a handicap 
h and muscle—rich, 
0 


LABORATORIES: 
can om aaa 


was, 


Mr. Comfort knows’ what.-he is 
writing about for he was a war cor-: 


— 


WILT LEVINGTON COMFORT. 


ticisms, for Whistler was-a great wit, 


though he was always more serious 
than most of his contemporaries. 
There is much told of his life that is 
pathetic and sad, “for though he 
triumphed his triumph was the out- 
come of great tribulations.” 


The preface by the Pennells is so 


interestingly written that it should 
not be overlooked, and in which they 
say that this volume of Whistler 
“needs no preface or apology or ex- 
planation.” 


Whistler was with the Pennells dur- 


ing the three years they were writing 
this book and during which time he 
told them of the sixty-six years of his 
previous career. 


As is well known the Pennells pre- 
sented to the library of congress, 


Washington, a_ cellection entitled 
“Whistleriana,” which the librarian, 
Herbert Putnam, says, “has, as a ree- 
ord, a completeness probably  un- 
paralleled by that of any other artist 
or writer.” This is what the librarian 
says, but the Pennells say that the 
opening of this exhibition which in- 
cluded over GUO items, of the “Whis- 
tleriana,” in Washington, at the li- 
brary of congress, has proved to them 
conclusively that if there ever was 
an artless age and an artless race 
it is this. “No people talk sa much 
around art and care so little for it,” 
suys the Pennells. 


It is said that when the Whistler 
Memorial exhibition was held in Lon- 
don it was visited by thousands daily, 
even the king and queen asked to visit 
it. It was opened by ambassadors 
and supported by the'press, but in 
Washington it is reported that not a 
thousand people visited the exhibition, 
and so far as is known only one am- 
bassador has been near it and not a 
single congressman, not a United 
States senator, ete., and the report 
grows more pathetic when it is said 
that not a Washington paper has 
made. adequate notice of the great 
|“Whistleriana” collection, 

It is not my purpose to follow in 
the footsteps of the unknown author 
of “The Mirrors of Washington,” but 
in making this statement, music and 
art, like Whistler’s fame, will still 
live after this generation passes away, 
for “art will trium)h and the name 
and fame of Whistler will endure,” 
says the Pennells 

There are 162 illustrations which 
are also of an intimate personal char- 
acter. Many are sketches and studies 
which are in the possession of the au- 
thors, their friends, or in the Pennell 
collection in Washington, in the li- 
brary of congress, and are now repro- 
duced for the first time. Photogravure 
frontispiece. Price, $8.50. (J. B. Lip- 
pincott company, Philadelphia.) 


NEW FICTION. 
Wooden Crosses. By -Roland Dor- 


geles, a French novelist of remrakable 
| promise, and of his story of a light- 
| hearted French infantryman’s life at 
‘the front; for which he has been 
| awarded the “Femina” literary prize 
' This story’ was written in 1916, but 
_ the French censor refused to allow its 
publication until last spring. 


The author is not rehearsing the. 
sad days of the soldier on the battle- 
fifeds of France, he is not recalling 
the bardships: they endured, but he 
has woven his story out of the hu- 
morous incidents which illustrates the 
very essence of the true French char- 
acter. (Putnam’s Book.) 


The Blue Wound. By Garet Gar- 


rett, who received the following from 
his publishers: “It is a very strange 
book. But we want to publish it.” 


The author replied: “It is a strange 
book—not fiction, not yi’ B say 
hard stuff, but it is true.” (G. P. Put- 
nam’s Book, New York.) 


Beggars’ Gold. By Ernest Poole, au- 
thor of “The Harbour.” The story of 


boyhood days found among the names 
of the countries that China became 
more appealing than all the others. 
Like the American boy, he left the 
farm for New York, and it was here 
while struggling for a foothold th&t 
Moon Chao, a little Chinese girl, found 
her way to his heart, and it is the 
story of these two who met ro- 
mance in far places after many ad- 
ventures. ~ 

The readers of “The Harbor” will 
enjoy reading this story of struggle, 
romance and adventure. (The Mac- 
Millan Company, New -York.) 


Amanda, a Daughter of the Menno- 


nites. “By Anna B&mer Myers, au- 
thor of “Patchwork.” This is a story 


Americans of whom little is written, 


a section of American life 
that sohuld be “talked about.” (George 
W. Jacobs Company, Philadelphia.) 


Alias Richard Power. By William 
Allison, The reader of today is much 
interested in the surprises, the mys- 
teries, etc., of/the latest novels. Fic- 
tion readers want plenty of romance, 
but it must be wound around the loss 
/of a beautiful strand of pearls or a 

, haunted house where ghostly footsteps 
‘are heard egch night. 
eae | This story will please—it is. the 

chronicle of the romance of BHsmee 

‘ Alten O’Connell and Count.. Ricardo, 
;..1a8 Richard Power, the owner of a 
, mysterious house, Cannon Wood, 
, where many strange things happen. 
| The author is an English writer who 

is considered as a master in the -art 
of constructing closely woven plots 
Inte gorgeous patterns of mystery and 
‘vomance. (Doubledoy, Page & Co.. 
Garden City. fe TREE 


sie MISCELLANEOUS BOOKS. 


i ten “with an icicle.” 


the boy, Peter Wells, who from his} 


of America through and through, of 


and yet worth-while- Americans - who: 
‘| make up 


fiction "er are 
adventure and the ‘teotieis courage pee ty 
verance of the boy, which has 
the means of giving to the world 
so many great leaders of industry. 
The author dedicates his introduc- 
tion to his “boy friends” for whom 
| especially he: has written these stories 
of success, the first thing he = pga is 
to “get on the right track.” He aiso 
tells the boys that “success is not won 
by accident, but by. foresight, charae- 
t . level-headedness and real ‘stick- 
toitiveness.’”’ 


American boy especially, for they 
stress the fact that America is still } 
the greatest, most glorious land of 4 4 
portunity. in the world! 

There is a word thaf ean be found in 
the first reader and one that follows’ 
the boy through .all his young man- 
hood—it is opportunity! (The Page 
Company, Boston.) : 


BOOKS FOR BOYS. 

Two Years Before the Mast. By 
Richard H? Dana, :Jr., with illustra- 
tions by’ Charles Pears, consisting of 
many full page -eolor plates from 
paintings. It is the opinion that this 
book leads all others as the best de- 
scriptive’ of the life of the American 
sailo-. The introduction is by Sir 
Wilfred Grenfell. 
Hermann Melville says that Dana’ ~ 
story of rounding the Horn was writ- 


This special edition of Dana’s fa- 
mous sea story has been reissued by 
request, for Dana is considered one of 
the best sea writers, and the pen pic- 
tures of the men he has met in the 
forecastles are not only admirable, but 
true in every respect. He knows and 
understands the sea and. the seamen 
and this story wil read with 4 
great deal of pleasure by readers of 
his stories of the sea. (The MacMil- 
lan Company, New York.) 


The Dauphin. (XVII.)—The Rid- 
dle of the Temple, from the French of 
G. Lenotre. By Frederic Lees, who has 


written most interestingly of the mys- 
terious disappearances of the little 
Dauphin, the son of Louis XVII. and 
Marie Antoinette. This is one of the 
unsolved problems of the French 
revolution. The story of his imprison- 
ment, his supposed escape, has been 
the thrilling story that has been told 
o the boys and girls of each genera- 
tion, and it has also been the one 
fascinating problem of which histori- 
ans and romancers have written time 
and again as the years have passed 
away. 

This noted French writer, G. Le- 


notre, has taken for his most appeal- 
ing theme the subject of the little 
Dauphin and he has also collected, the 
most authoritative’ evidence of the un- 
happy little pyjnece’s fate. (Double- 
day, Page & Co., Garden City, N. Y.) 


LITERARY DRIFTWOOD. 

The 72d anniversary of the death 
of Edgar Allan Poe on the 8th of 
Uctober, 1921, and on that day te 
city of Richmond, -opened the Poe 
museum which wiil be a shrine for all 
of his admirers. While Poe was born 
in Boston, Mass., he lived most of his 
life in Richmond and Virginia is 
proud of the fact. 

Samuel Hopkins Adams’ big novel 
of newspaper. life entitled “Success” 
has made its debut. 


Frederick Palmer, who has been a 
war correspondent for tliirty years, 
has written an extraordinary novel 
which he calls “The Folly of Na- 
tions.” The inspiration came to him 
while watching the first meeting of 
the league of nations at Geneva. The 
book was published on Armistice day 
coincident with the opening of the 
Washington conference. 


Robert W. Service, the poet of the 
Yukon, has reached America and is 
spending the. winter in California with 
his wife and young daughter. 


Marie Conway Oemler, the Savan- 
nah author of “Slippy McGee,” has 
written a cycle of Christmas stories. 
Two of the stories contained in this 
volume were awarded the sword-tap 
by Edward J. O’Brien in his annual 
evaluation of short stories. 


Immigration and the Future. By 
Frances Kellor, has been adopted by 
the State Teachers’ Reading Circle of 
Idaho. 


Eugene Pearce, who wrote “The 
Seventh Wave,” is. an Atlanta awthor. 


Drives Pimples 
From Skin 


The Wonderful Influence of Stuart’s 
Calcium Wafers to Beauty the Skin 
by Ridding It of Piniples, Boils, 
Rash, Blotches, Muddiness, Ete 

When you use Stuart’s Calcium 


Wafers you go directly after those 
embarrassing pimples, blackheads and 


other such blemishes. It is not a 
round-about way. You get. results 
every minute. You are sure of it ina 
few hours. They clear the blood, they 
drive from the system the impurities 
that cause pimples. The calcittm goes 
to the skin, acts as a tonic, stimulates 
the tiny nerves, pores and blood ves- 
sels to renewed activity, and lo! ba- 
fore you realize it. the skin is peachy. 
firm, clear and the picture of a sweet, 
rosy complexion. Get a 60-cent box 
today at any drug ey of Stuart's 
Calcium Wafers.—(adv.) 


A BUILDING TONIC 


To those of delicate con- 
stitution, young or old, 


Scott's Emulsion! 


These stories are written for the 


» | 


‘ 
A Pree tae sess pee : 
“Sov * i Les pe 
- nce - Me oe, Sing > 
oe # . eg 
ty ie 


B. 3 . 
= Pp Stik 
Se ia 


bs ; 2 
ee he & 
) ae at ey 
a Be 2 
_ Ki 7 
: si 7 
: 3 *« 
. ss ¢*. 
: Pr ¢ s ire 
“ “ - +e e R$ . 
1 Same ee 
: wn, PN gs 
; ; 
" = Te 
; - s.> 
+ > 
. x Vy A : 
‘ ‘S . 
WR pu 


\ 


° : 
. 


aoe a 2 “a 7 rs rot at is oe i x 


e 
- 
as 


* 


Pm. 


- #e &# #&e #& S&S Se e&ehlUchelmlUCrHC OUCr HOCrHrKrOUcr rUrlUC HhUC HOOCrttlUcrcrehUCUrhlhlUCUre 
é ) 
; 


Cleavaiiits Sale of Odd Pictins 


and Many Complete Suites 


- 


not surprising, 


bought. 


are offered, and a discount of 10 per cent is allowed for cash. 


Here Are a Few Examples of the Many Good Values: 


hat such great interest should attend Haverty’s annual J anuary Red Tag Sale i is 
The values offered are really wonderful. 
- those who have been in to see us were so interested. That is the reason why they 
We hope you will hurry in to see us before all the greatest values are gone. 
Listed below are good examples of the savings available. The usual easy —— terms 


That’s the reason why 


ae 


. ‘ROMER Ree eee 


$7.50 Cash 
$2.00 Weck 


Regular 
Price, $175 $9850 


Just a few of these suites remain unsold. ,This 
is a value you will not be offered anywhere else. 
"The suite is exactly as illustrated. It consists of a 


dresser with base 20x40 inches, dressing table with 
base 20x36 inches, large chiffonier, and full-size 
bed. All mirrors are perfect French plate. It is 
a suite you will be proud to own. Note the low 
price and easy terms. , 


Regular 


Price 


9 50 SPiece Ivory Suite 
(Colonial) . 
175. reve) —4- ten Mahogany Suite 
ts -piece. Quartered Oak Suite 
—b5- spor Juvenile Suite (Dutch 
—4- He sor alnut Suite 
200. 00; (Adam) 
) —3-piece Walnut Suite (Post 
350 OO lees, © 
—4-piece Circassian Walnut Suite 


575. OO tae Mahogany Suite (Queen 
nne 
650 0077: piece Mahogany Suite (Chip- 


Sa. tan 

) —7-piece Solid ahogany 

$1,250.00 (Berkey & Gay)... 
—Ivory Bed, bDeautifu 

$ 32.50 pattern 


Suite 


This 4-Piece Walnut Suite 


You 
Save 


$ 28.00 
$ 80.00 
$ 75.00 
$ 24.50 
$ 60.50 
$165.00 
$105.00 
$155.00 
$125.00 
$155.00 


$700.00 
$ 10.00 


Regular 

Price 

$ 49.50 
$ 55.00 
$ 82.50 
$ 75.00 
$ 82.50 
$125.00 
$149.50 
$ 49.50 
$ 54.50 
$ 54.50 
$ 75.00 
$ 92.50 


E—FING 


—Four ck atu Bed, 
waln 
—Brass ‘Bea (Satin Bands) full 


aiae 
—Wainnt Twin Beds 
(Adam) 
—Mahogany or Poster Bed, full 
size 
—Mahogany Chifforette to match 
above bed 
—Chifforette, walnut or mahogany 
(Queen Anne) 
—Dresser, walnut or mahogany 
(Louis XVI) 
—Dresser, walnut (Queen 
Anne) 
—Dresser, walnut (Louis 
XVI) 
—Vanity Dresser, wainut (Louis 
VI) 


'$ 44.50 
$ 79.50 
$ 69.50 
$ 29.50 


WrreTyS 


--And Tisive Are Hundreds Others Just as Attractive as These 


You 


$ 21.00 
$ 22.50 
$ 40.00 
$ 25.50 
$ 38.00 
$ 45.50 
$ 80.00 
$ 20.00 
$ 25,00 
$ 17.00 
$ 35.50 
$ 38.00 


Red Tag 
' Price 


$175.00 
$179.50 


Regular 
P — 
—S8-piece Jacobean Suite (William 
378 Oy Sean Goorisaa kei 
—8-piece Quartere a iNiam 
279 ~ roe mong Ai ed Oak Suit 
—10-piece um a uite 
275.00 ~(wiitam and Mar 


y) e 
—10-piece Jacobean Suite (William $245 00 
~e ” i0- a oe bab a Suite (Scroll 250 00 
18) —10-piece ogany e 
8 Secpumee a b Suite. (William $ : 
_ ean Suite 
450.00 “and Mary) $295.00 
425 OO —l10- a “Walnut Suite (Queen 
—_— . 
550.00 


Ann 
$1, 200.00 


By ees Wainut Suite (Queen 
€ 97.50 


o<tphaen Mahogany Suite marr 
SSD 
$ 28. 50 ~ 


WMV ayn 


and Mary) 

—6-piece Ivory or Mahogany 
Breakfast Suite 

—Serving Table, mahogany 


- 


You 
Save 


$100.00 
$ 95.50 
$ 80.00 
$155.00 
$200.00 
$155.00 
$130.00 


$200.00 


$650.00 
$ 10.00 
$20.00 


This 10-Piece Mahogany Suite 


Regular 
Price, $250 


_ 28.50 
$ 27.50 
$ 97:50 
$ 97.50 
$115.00 
$ 47.50 
$ 69.50 
$ 47.50 
$ 22.50 
$ 27.00 
$ 37.50 


+195 


$10.00 Cash. 
$5.50 Week. 


Study the picture—it’s an exact illustration of the 
dining room suite we are offermg for only $195. 
Isn't it pretty enough to sell at more than twice this 
amount? And the quality is there, too. The suite 
consists of a 54-inch buffet, large oblong table, 
china cabinet, serving table, and six genuine blue- 
grained leather upholstered dining chairs. The fin- 
ish is mahogany only. Offered on easy terms. 


Red Tag 


Price 


—Serving Table, Walnut een 
Anne) 
—Opblong rapa Table, 


Manogany .ereesecercsss ceeoeeuss 
Bas byes Extension Table, 


— 

:- Cabinet, Walnut (Queen 
Anne) 

“—— Wagon, Walnut, removable 


(Mission) 
—Set of : wh maaieied Oak Diners 


e) 
in ff ts, Fumed Oak 
(Mission) med aie gS 37.50 


There Ar re Sa st t Lots of Other Big Ve Values Suchasthe F. ollowing: 


be 
$ 6.00 
$ 10.00 
$ 28.00 
$ 40.00 
$ 40.00 
$ 10.00 
$ 27.00 
$ 5.00 
$ 10.00 
$ 12.00 
$ 18.00 
$ 20.00 


A Discount of 


10% 


Allowed on 
All : 


Cash —_ 


Liberal Terms 
On Any Parchase 


No Phone Orders 


All Mail Orders 
Net Cash in Full 


RE 


SaenaREIEeenneeel 


BE RRERBBRERESBEBE RE RR RHE RHRERBEBEEBSESREEEESBEEBEaeaa es 


* 7 a “ e: _ % j es a . Sy ie Hs ! at ‘ei as se 9 . m 2 4 - ; : ye - ss 
< : : Sigs e i 2 ’ He ” i ' : ry $ % 3 : ~~ F ‘ ae - 
< : - . ' al 6 Sl s 


COMIC 


THE ATLANTA CONSTITUTION 3 


—s 


ann -s 


COMIC 


SECTION 


eA Nt ROR AOI 


SECTION 


ve 
EH 


—-- --- 
- —_-s aN = 


ATLANTA. GA. SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 8, 1922 


{ Tain THe 
CAR we HAVE TS 
PLENTY Goon 

ENOUGH Dow'T 

You Vi 


- , ; . 
ad oe ~ 


a 


85207 eee; 


TrEeEeE GoEs 
MPBiIDDIES iw 


oH Joe ISN'T 
iT BEauTIEUL !: 


WELL WELL - TueRe 


GOES Tue MARVING IN 
A SWELL NEW CAR 


' Tetnec Tears 
HAT 4S Sim@Ly 
STUNNING 


\ HwEw ALL THe 


Time THAT WAS 
WHAT YoU WouLD 
DPoO+ SO r™ ALL 
READY-- GET ON 
‘Ove HAT AND 


LET'S Go TT THe AUTO 
SHOW Awd PICK COUT A 
?wew CaRr-- LETS SES 
WHAT WE COULD DO 
iF WE SHOULD Decide 


Tj GET one nev? 


Copyright, 


—_ 


A COUPLA YEARS 
AND ITS IN GOOD 
SHAPE--- iT WoutD 
BE SILLY To Go To 
THE &xXPENSE CF 


WE'VE HAD (tT ONLY You are 
RIGHT 


t THin« OUR CAR 
LOOKS Atl RIGHT 


CONSIDERING 


WHAT Do Yov 
S‘POSE THEY'D ALLow 
US ON A ‘TRADEG--< t& 


WE DID BUY A NEW 
CAR+- I(T MIGHT BE 


WEL” To INQUIRE 


P, 


iT LooKS wiIce 
UtTH Texs Sut 
DON'T YoU THink 


9? 


= 


_ 


—EE— _ - 


WHY C ERTAINLY- 


Do You Tink W@ ou6nT 
Yo BUY A wew Carn ? 


— 


iT HAS A FEW 
RATTLES «nr (tT 
BUT THe MOTOR 
iS IN GooD CoNDITION 
~- {TT WOULD BE 
FOOLISH To BUY 
A uew CAR 
WOULDAI T 
vw wT 


ABSOLV TELY 
RIDIcVULoVS 


; 
y _ 


= 


~~ \ cee 


\©F we BID GET A 
ai 
GET A BETTER 
RUNNING CAR 


THAN THe ONE 
EG HAVE 


ae oe. .0 fag" 
(nde te BeOS ; 


Don T. You 
THINGS Ths 


ew cae we Courdw't// ust aipre 


a 


YES--+ GET On Your 


GowG Sone « 


PLACE Ff Coat =: 


LitTLe HAT AwD 


WELL-- OVR OLD owe 
DOES Loow PRETTY 
BAD voesarT tru? 


? 
* f | ‘sf 
see 


PR C2 2 OOO 6 wee 


Ryd i 
Ps OF an salt: By 
ae 


oe ae” Be 
As: aac 


+ 
« 


= 

Y 
TH A 
NCY 


GON 
rT: 


LEFT HER COA 
DH PA. 
2FAL M 


Y 


F 1's WOR 
me’ T- AW 
FAW 


ee) , 
je ES 5: She 
Eph. se D> 
shee) cette tebe 

i ys 


ae 


SHE'S 
O00 | 
$e. CENT 


SHE'S SOME 


f 


. 


Wellington 


. . , oe iY see 
CD RRsat i Oy 
, a t mh ,} nit ABA iebeh 
’ ’ a): ng eet 
vee } ' r b ae 
wr , . ghet teat . 
> © ’ 


cz € cE , 
et 3 e 


5 


By 


‘ oot i ) uP sy, 

He ‘iat ; x! GS ‘ p , ey ¥. . 7 . rile: ct Rpts 

Airey ; . '" ne . , °C mi " 1 . : ae : - , patel a ie 
é ae > “ 

Matrgntieds ti ater FR UT! mere : 


tee 
Ph) 


eS i 


: a) Mh, Lisette: | 


he 
be 


A 


y 
a 
is 
Ty 
ie 


E AFIT 
DY 


Bb 


(tT FOR You 
ANYTHING AT H 


5S ALLA 
yam 
“é 
E BEAU- 
ri 
OMe. 


T du 


MA- DON'T HAV 
‘T 


0’ COURSE 


cor? I-ER- 


g 
= 
ol 


O’ 
'T SAN 


Gif 


ME 
AND 


TO GNE 
E TIME, 


SB) 


AND COME 
FOAH YOu |} 
You 


al 


’ 


. +> begs tt * txt oi q ?; in oe ; wh, rr. we os a aaa’ - $ 
ey ee ee a ee Ce pRB tee tet i gaigl a Uk rae PER ee 
ae Wea avy oF "Dae by): ~ . * 5 a | ; ‘ 
, y | : ; 
3 : ght Sh ; f i 


> 


"LL 


sta PK 
fase ee ape “he 


CH 
SQUARE IT. 


? We iL 
PAW 3 at ‘i i, Bit ‘it. 
ie ie, Os BA, 


LE 


AND 
HOPE ‘THIS 


IN THIS CASE WILLIE, 


MIGHT MAKE AN 


, 


MYSE 
S 


| 


a 


| 


4 


‘ a F 
* tie pet ee nae 
=. tp tag” ’ are 
ee Pet 
Sat | 27 et ee at 


S 


> &, 


a 
va* 


6,7" 


—_. 
- 


>. 
—_ 
we a 
> © Pw 


DOIN’ 
BUT 


HERE, 
RIGHT 


rT 


A 
O'CLOCK THIS 


WANTED 
NEY FOAH 


COAT NOL) 


Twa 
AWETAW NOON 


4 
Ssik= 


VER WIFES 
COMIN 


BD ie sk ere, 
- i’ ba ’ 
Ay “i 


Teg pe gee 


Fu 
T TOLD HEK 
SAW NO LADIES 


A Bir OF MO 


VE . 
FIEASE DROP IN 


OFFICE AT 


ops 
we 6 Oe ne Te 


aii: trig sty? tees 
- U ‘ ’ : ' 7 : 
a Xa CMa c wens 
‘ Cats Th MOA. Mh YP Re tS 
ea SR ny 3 


At.setqae aie ~ — 


see 2 
pt : ras 
‘iat atti: 
ee t Baas : ~ r 
oats f 3: Bat nis oe 4 


Se * 


Lidell 
os 


an * 

.s » ee 
TH tutes ree 
4 t Poagt . 


* 
see 
4s 


4 
~ 


Ww Mase 


pet 


; 
dy 


ee 


ans: 
. 
" 
: 


sehr ! 
Edt 


WIPTIN ee Lid LL a 
iy 
i 


Srjtu 
Giik 


ef 
i es 
iethhi: 
** 
“ate 


pAEYt it 


4] 


bot : Seeetet 
Best getati yee 


’ 


SC HRiR ieee tiaith user he eee Hn Eg 
Peaster iti tthe ke se Seta 


reer 
See TG ate 


; 


. ease > +> 3. 
PTR 5 dah, 


pra eee. &e: 4 hee st 
sFepsebetet fit Bb. itt 
eee =o de ot ohe F 


OH WOWIE 


ite st a bis, 

Pate ie a eae 

: me: 3! tH Sipttesbeatts ty + 

: ~~ ¢ ee ; a 

: ae reer ashi tr | 
‘ sonnen' stati ait" 


ot ad Bett ta gh ot? Sheth arth hh oe 
Pabst ee hy 
se ae 8 


+ : ! 7" . -t? ; : | : ‘ 
“4 diss ee : ; a me eT J 
teat Phe sit tere der ch bith? elite! 
ps & s¥ $3 <3e33 wh ; ht At; ts ry 


iz ; 
te ae hth 


Fr . 


i 


_ 


OTT oe 
; ; 


ey ihals iabeieeet 


. * . ~ ss : ‘ . ’ » ° - . ~ - . - +. - ~ +3 . S34 ; “3 = : st “ 4 7 f tHe ; 24 + 3. ’ . 38 ube ti 
i - : 3 : : : “ . : < ~ — : = > ~ s ; . A =, ‘ ° : ‘ 7 — = . : : . ~ ; : : = : = : , | : 


av 


. . . 4 ho = - - .. — ~ : t] : st r+ nm if : 
: eS ; - peasy : } Poet bt eh 
— : : i~ ‘ ee ~ : :. Tirets tees ‘ hint tft TH: by pitt ade: : 
P . eee) -s . <>. SS se Ts P . ty ee be 7 . Hits a ov. 1 ei sist. 
SS et. "t > > SS Pure hitititiis at hl, He HME ba 
sfro34? ?. ; id ~~ . ~ - ee a7 : ; + Lae i . fs i: hy ft 


Te yren => 


~ War - 


pets a 
Be 2) Leary 
wi ils 
HH ; vee 4 
TEE : i! 
Tig tie} ’ Ae 
i - 


- 


ere} 
f 

1/44) 
i> 


thy, 


WEP: 


Bet Tia tots 


~ 


, ae 
ost a+ 


er 


“taht th hile 
Tiylis. uhititietia 
PR i aie ti. 


‘eerbttts| 


“ditt 4 pith? 4 ff}, ates hi GsHTs 


BAGBY DOWN NOU G 


dhs hia tah its: 


, a + 
$ 
i 


ny 


Rtn ah | 
rig AA HHH 
LE AUTRES: UTR a | estes, Ube 


tay 


é : \ ’ mi 

ae . | a 

meg?) Fi rtes 4g * dos Genero dpe. *ogtess Fe : se | > ; os 

Te 42? br PPS > : P > = 4 : i bee t97 ids HY r i ; et ities , th) 
*? es “pete. 3 . oe 3 Fe ae z. 4 7 , 3 °) Re; } | if iN i i : 
viet PERE ab te ROMO FERS ff Ue. i PAE! i), ea ae i 


"hdl 


be Mitt riety stent Heats 
seep eneeirren ; acthe tL 
MbSeeiearittressacit tout cteety Ohta 


bhareet 
' 4¢ ; 


ah 


Samtisise ttiraey 


tH th ; 
Haat at 
i F sith 


if 


Pabeleaa HEAT bar it 

; setiteitiel petsttregs ihe tbat 

at figs MaMa tis Tah 
i 


147: it 
pant tt + 


f 


vr’ 


YHE WAT OFF 7; 


~ 


WHOSE KIS 
SNOW MAN- 
COWARDY CAT~ 


Tiay SNOW MAN-~ 
COME ON Noy 
BRAVE SOLDIERS —- 
TLL SHOW NOV 
WHO'S A 


oK AT 


BUILDING | 
TAKES ME 


; of ; 
1 ea aN 
Mitt Hae 
” 45¥— “i 3872s92 fi 
ieee 4 i 


abe 
ita 


Fil tad MBE dag 
Mibaaiar sth he tay 


ME KNOCK 


LO 


Fil iget 
mitre 
+24" ” 
a] grit 


1 WAS A KID 


sit EE at 
hase espace et! 


: - 


. 


fe lf PRE DEY.” <= 


te 


iy} 
4 


"i 
ie 


“a 
; 


ti? 


Sek Thi Deh Be 
Ce By 
Be RP ORL 
Mist 3 taf SRR HY 
eats kote, Eee ome 


aay 
eae 


tit 
Whi SE 


eX ™» 


STICKS HIS 


4 at 
fa) Beye 

sa hg . ed 
f it 


TLL ONE OF ‘HOSE 


i? 
tea 4 

Ph 

PE LA 


pag 


‘KIDS 


‘ 
_# 


be ohasbe u 
ei casa ee 


ps if sient 


> > . + ie * «>> - 
BAREIS VORA. SERED OWED ST OE ee TE! 
Pr zr 


ars Se 
rar 


7 
r+. 
bs 7 
: tag _ . 
rats a. 
: ¥ 7 
IE REE 3 
a ’ RAS ee ee se - J »' 
we te “ _ eR EO ee On oe oe al 


“_ 4 . . ee ~~ < - ; 

— — moon ENG eS ne oe ee Se ee aietee. ces IF ee 
’ i ty. WS . ay eee - : i i} ey : “/ 
- 5 ¥. a> Fad bn oo > De ae ae a: oe: - st > ry .: . he” bear “SS 


oS te SX ead ‘ | a ~ . . ‘ ay, >is CS * ~ ped: f& ‘ aa 
“ Pe ek }. , en, . te >, : _ e ac7 a 5 ae .y a eo of Eb ats ti i tie or Ae ee 
mel te : Peas rn? ~ inf Pes a4 - : > 4 ps . . Ps $ ‘ iy 7 "3 = a . ~~ a“ Se 4 os Jr : 2 © : ie Seas , : SS . a a ot . SNA ré 54 as > ¥ > DS, 
Te eres 4. . s § SP ao: SF es Som el ES ok: age” Ps SS ae ‘ é Pe ee * a = . ade -" “as at ANE. #4 WES os . Se 
RS Ls SRS Bly ee, CSO ; A PON Fy Be A : be te 3 ; 


By C. W. Kahles 


Hairbreaadth Har ry | Music Hath Charms. | aR 


ain = 


ms : WHEW! 1! GOTTA HAYE re F Ee ae THIS THAT YOUNG SQUIRTS 
CUR CUS | eA Nerve Tonic BE-| | MA. HA- | MADE A CLEAN © V3 BD | CALLING EVENING AND HESS 
 ——— yo ANY | |GETAWAY, TRUCK, ANIMALS, lees ‘ eee | IN THERE WITH 
DiS Jone || STEEL TUNNEL AND | ME meer 
AtL! NOW FOR My: 
MEV0O!| FELL PURPOSE 


oe Ve 


+ 
. 


SEG © ate 
CER HMA we » 
Yi > : 


- 


CAA! 
~ 


_ 
5 


Se 
we “2 


te’ 


ey 
%) 


P. 


Ae 
KOK 


doSos 
a 
al 


stoner Oe | eee ae 

MAN EATERS! IT - a ZAIN se 

te BE AWFUL} = CAN USE THESE 
Dy THEY WERE To Z | FEROCIOUS BEASTS 


Un. 


NO, HAROLD, | CANNOT WED A mf: Se ve i.  _ : 
JAZZ2BO AND UKELALE HOUND! | FPR 2 bia y a , 
| st SM YOU MUST CHUCK THOSE INSTRU~ | SERN Aer) 4a eel wien’ WE or 
EC MENTS OF TORTURE OR WE SAR eA R : ONERS.. 
BUT DARLING. MY PICOLO 1 | TORR ow THERE 1!5 
AND. UKELALE HAVE BEEN 4 BR me WA AEWA BUT ONE 
My CONSTANT COMPANIONS | oie a Ree ee 
SINCE BOYHOOD! THEY HAVE 
CHEERED ME IN MY. DARKEST 
Hours! THEY HAVE BUOYED 
MY. SPIRITS WHEN HOPE WAS 
BEAcKEST! HAVE A HEART 


AND DO NOT BANISH MY, ENE Cele) eee 4 os [Baa OLS eee EHSAN RLS. 
"UKE" AND"PIc” FROM ME Wer adil SE aS: Paras | fey HA! HA! HA! WHAT SHRIEKS ~ 


—_ 


j on. b> roel SK ' - ‘ , | SS, fete on ) < f " AG) ; a 


4 


2 THAT AWFUL CATERWALLING 
ma IS MUSIC TO MY EARS! MY 
ma VENGEANCE }S TERRIFIC! Je 


ie |e 
, 7 7% 
N77 Pag, . 
. as: 
ae 
LAO ? 
x rt 


TWANG ‘THAT UKE FOR Your |( GOSH,WHAT HOWLS! THEIR WAILS ARE 
LIFE! WE MUST SOOTHE THEIR \ | CAN'T BEAR To _ ( BECOMING LESS SHRILL! 
SAVAGE NATURES WITH MUSIC! /| LOOK IN For FEAR: SOON THEY WILL BE ALL | '/ | App 
\F WE FALTER FORA MOMENT /]IT WILL SICKEN ME EATEN UP THEN I'LL Be | 
WE ARE LOST!! _ HARDENED THOUGH] |- / », ( VENTURE A PEEK ns PU | _ DNERT THEM 
Bn . TAM | 1 Quit! 1M | FOR A MOMENT 


BS on | ALL IN! LET | 
1 CAN HOLD REATH| | | |THE BEASTS “py. —_—_ aS \ How & 
[OUT NO LONGER! > COMING | | | [DO THEIR Be. \\ PRONIDENTIAL! 


MY FINGERS ~ pint | : ! e? 
ARE NUMB:! . lie hig ies be ig | Pe < 


-~ 


_—. 


ne 


| 


CURSES. IF 1 CAN BUT USS ag bes bons ONY| (ras | ‘paling ae 


R MA ae), tat ie Gat see oie 
ee ee ee Ee die | Ea | RAN MEAT : > MW saved 3 
( } ee Ne ) |] SAVED ue LIVE 
“SAVAGE ! 7 | et | a AND THEY SHALL 
ae LL rr CMS 2 NINES Bie OUR 


7G 1 THEN You WILL 


* 


by xh Cangur 
IN MY OWN TRAP!!! 


‘ : 
vie " 
Al oe ‘ va 


at 


% 
“ 


Re 


ig 


eR See ee Se 


LOOK OUT FER ME? 
{ 1 JOST BEAT up 
A POLICEMAN? . 


— 


by C.M,PAYNE - 


; 


~ 


By C. M. PAYNE 


- A Desperate Affair 
I FEEL TERRIBLE Sey) Foe — 7 

DESPERATE TO-DAY! nnotme E | bee q ixcans: 

I WOULDN'T BE ND OO al ie Sie 


SCARE 
‘OV TERS Eve! FOLICE MAN! 


ae 
IO . 
Wigten: Ces 
’ OT) : y 
vO 
« RIO 
. 
1 BED, 
a vy tL 


%, 
moe 
. 


I GU" 203 WE'D ( Q 
BETTER GO tet } Poi ay 
HOME , HES ze fee s! 
COMING THIS ee ee of \ NOO FER‘ 
WAY NOW! 


BBX 2 


De, 


WHAT. DID ?. 
HE po? > —~ WHICH WAY ge 


iL DRAVER, 
COME ALONG ALKALI IKE GOT 
WITH ME? ¢ ARRESTED; THE 
“ FOUCEMANS TAKIN” 
AM I niM To JAIL? 


NCHED 
2 


Ze [WHY THERE |S 
ee <6) ALKAL) IKE a | . 
ances wamercnsesnese NOW ? ? | 3 . 
| 4 ils 


&. OO. 8 feo ahem 
oe ys ae wes * da 3 4. ee: 

I MADE AFIERCET Je 4 | 2) 

SNOOT AT A = ¢ a 4 DIDNT GIVE 

HE BoucHT ME 


153 


Wren Rss / 


ee 


eee Bs 


— 


aie: te 


at, 


ek 


<a 
~+ <4 uk vee ee oy ba 
ae a os 
“ 


~ 
bas 


See, 


coe Laat a >. ees amt Toy es ee HAC 


UES Eee Eo i eee , . cae FN OE EE SEE EES OE ee Tet 
we . ° . . Ps - . . . . 


LE A CI ON ca ge ae 


—_ SL, ES — 


RRY. Tt —_— x: = DEK AND | WANT Vy | GET CHA CT) "ON! 

MY. SLED M vee ‘eee 2 \.886 Tee-TeR Tot- TER” 

BV. RE EASY AS PUNKIN= | oe PED: oS ie “BREAD AN’ WAT.T ER- 
Men WATER: ~-¢ @@ 


cane Shs ee 
BN os wy eK Be xen ne ; 


ve owen a .¢ Crane os 
x wets Ay a | > 
pc cS a ag ae 


7 


Get Taen | EVER} She's Lick | an my LO ‘SPIDER {-- GOSH, | Ne ee es, me 4 OH BBoY ! 
AS A ROCK oo er MA CAN'T COAST ~- NONE -- |g Coe, } me 4 LOOK-KOUT! 
fo me a ie MA ~- MUCH --NOw |! +.-JUST fe ee poet Rabanne “ee oy HERE. COMES 
3 ie } ONCE, | GUESS! .. 1M “_ , ~“S Ge 7 ewe. 1 LIGHTNING 
IN A BIG HURRY! of i a | 2 Gee ee A OEXPRESS'!-- 
em en | | oe | 


BOSE ERS, eg : 
: : ND HAIN'T | TOLD-JA FORT Y- 
Me MBseVen Times cerbeR:, 1M IN A | 
NA, ELMER? ver i BIG ag BY a> GET Ges For eS 
=e | ESS a ROCE pope Ra 
INT pe ME PeLUKe GoT TA DO SOMETHING IN AG fi GEEMINYG ey BS? THIS f.. OH-H- 
x Pag ae URRY HE'S GOTTA DO vt ! | eee os CRIC KETS! ( GEE ti -, 
oe | 1. § Ree ea ee ce ae THEY'RE 
CLOSED 
“WHEW !. . 
—-@. Qea 


REMARKING THAT |. 4 we: . Qucni wow 
NOT COOKING WITH [T< | C Wwrret. A ; | 


Sag oF tees iS a aie 


TI A AS TR I RE pads Ct Mg TD 
. mae sr ae be oe ae Py we *y~f 
. - 


ees als, 


- » ~— EE EE RO — EE IE ee ——- 
os a 
ee Bt sp 


Py, 
= 


L 


AEOLIAN me we 
® ~~ 


OUSIN FRANK ~~ }- : | = 4 HOW NATURAL 
na FRANKFORD - 7 DODGAST IT! ; KE vou Gor? 
WELL 1 LL-BE BLOWED: | : 7 DOTS FINE FOOL- 
cn HOW ISS) I pene aS Aner 
oes. FRANK? | If MANS FRITZ I Tinac YR NY NT 

— +f TEDDY FLY ~~ br 
RA-AA. BALLOON 
uP!! 


Lat fii 


; 5 ste: 4 ti? 
; 


DER LITTLE 

VILLIANS!? ' 

HA’ HA: DOTS | —_ Fz 

A HARMLESS 2 
CHOKE! 


¢ 


SOPHIE VARE a. TEDDY - MA-A 
iss YOUR SOPHIE WANNA M9, 
UYNMII 


TEDDY BEAR! 


f 


wow! LHAVE A, 
ICTURE OF MY 

Wire tri vost 

THAT BAT. 


He 


R aa : 
i A Fehs 


Mi 
AN me 


Bi ag ih eae 
HE el 


-UND | NEFFERY 
VORE (T. ONLY 
VUNC 


May 
~ ‘ . 


pe en 7 yyy, 


Ss ONAL 
SS YT 


DODGAST M1! (= 
Now | HAFF 


WELL (FIT |e (SOME DAYS. 
AINT MY DEAR, » . ~_ >. ) HINA Ae —e-. 
DEAR. FRIEND © a 3 ie BOYS ViLl BE 
- HANS! - | . oie sregas Ve pd Cadi tad 4 
“oO , | | : ~ hy Vor ) & BovS Vill BE 
| | Ef } 


& 


~ 


% 


4a 


—— INE GOTTA 
Do SomeTHine 
“TO Get Betty 
AWAY FROM THat 
CHAP. 


ae Bi ee 
* a 4 ~s 


ce eG 


om 
we’ 


— sur THAT 
LESTER DE PESIER: 


A 


x Pa. ¥ an 

“VG ‘. 
ake 'eS 7 Ms ys a ‘o 
WX 


— SAY,.KIDS 
VAN To SEte 


— HIT 1T UP SIS” 
OLD DEAR— SHow 
‘ei, A LUTTLE SPEED 
— Vit HAVE BETTY 

OVER WITK ME 


Poor Boob’ 
LOOKS MAD 
ALREADY 


— COME ow 
PUDGE, O16 KID’ 


Zs Rye yy 
BS Mg Se ee rare 
4 pee Se P a 
Pal > Me ona, Ss rr ee /_ 
| ee eae Ne ee 
ts 5 ‘ 


ye | 


HEREYA SIS” 
—_— ; HERE = ~ 


Sw neers 


ARAAAAAAAAA InN AMAA 


— 


* e6@eee#ee#e#-e:-«# & & = 8 te 


"+ © © @ @ @ ae 28 


~~ 


TET | | 
’ 


~ - . 
pe Sn arenes ere a es 
ee Sen. at i . 
; 
' 
? 
4 


Te ¥ 
| 
’ ; 
' ; 
} ; 


———~e a ee 
- 
a ¥ 
' 
i u 
| 


' 
i 
; 


ee aE or “ 
Sa om 
' 
5 


7 


<x seein 
aS 
7 


oe en en oe re te 
es PS 


Baa 
i 


ES ~ Ss 


Wwekkks 
\ At 
SOUS 
Cae lens 
a oat a 
4 . eh hes Ga 
SS a = 
‘ OU i Oy ~~ . 
5 ce eS ty 
. ~ Ry SS 
. » SPOON > 
SS eos 
SR 
Pp. « 


vou . 


Ae 
i 

q 

’ 

; 

: 


i 


RE SS ee 


iF 


h 


AG, Vv A VY V - 
1. | 
u 


rf 


; 7 
; 
; 


eS 
CO 
—_— 
oO. 
ba 
Z, 
< 
- 
7 
< 
o 
Zi 
— 
D 


A 


> 

~~ 
| L: 
iH ; 


| 
| 
A 


} 


id 
; 
; 


TT 


i 
| 
; 
i 


; ¥ " . 
i ; 


; 
' 


RULULOKURCURULURURUAG 


ae ae. cel 
m4 a, ‘ “ 
ian E> 
os" 
aA ae . 4 ~ 
nn 
ami 


| 


& 
wr is 
qT 


| 
: 


A 


RO GE nt GE ree 
ae f 
y 
’ ’ 
’ 
' 


_ 
ij 

: 

; 


3 = in ga 
© 
; 
; 
' 


i 
! 


i 
; 
i 
; 


u 


T 
#1 


7 Thank. vies 32 rad 


—— + ~ere 5 _ See oye et tT ey mente een ls ‘ ’ ' . . OUR eae Te ar 
4 - _ +. _ %» wy wa ¥ —_ ae . : 

¢) . . ; e i é ’ + a v i all ; ¢ { — , * . ' v o ’ v Se ee 

' ; ’ 

| 

} 
sees 8 e664 Oa 6 Bee OO MS a a a a he he he a nO te ha ttt ee i iA $ 4 4 " | 

° EE Cd 2 >t Ya ee - - o* “ 7 7 “ * 4 a” & 

Orr on a - - : ania ' tien. a &@ a * “a - ~~ he —- * 


es # 8.4 :84.8 %"* @ @& @ @*S 
v 


~ a ee eee ene. le hee enorn te PI ee ee lal hahha hh choad 
. PR Te OTe en eee OT 


oe Lon I AO IO gy OR 2S: Nie en 
* » * . f + 
ie + 


~ : . . 
. €i es 2’ r iy ‘Gad st ¥v. * Bak Py! e 
t is Be 
. 4. ee gh. A) sh e. * 
; > . i ‘ oe ? 


ght eT} ih og 


Page Two , 


fHE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


‘Ae 


Why Do Men Object to the Modern Girl? 


Seven Doughty Males Give Reasons for Their Aversions to Her—Mode rn Girl Discussion, However, Proves 
The World Is a Mighty Sound Plaee After All. 


By Lauretta Joy 


“THE modern girl is too easr. 
] She is blase bocadwuse of her ex- 
@ berimental attitude toward lifc, 
which prompts ber to ‘try -it 
once.” Smoking, drinking, crude dancing 
and risque talk is the usual life of tue 
so-called ‘nice’ girl of today. Ske prides 
herself on skating on thin ice.” 
2. “Men work, but women do not. 
Woman feels that the bestowal of hersclf 
upom a man in marriage is a supreme re- 
ward. The modern girl is a parasite.” - 
3. “The modefn girl has no. retic- 
ence. Shs fails to inspire the highest 
ideals in a man. Rather, she encourages 


. % lowering of standards. She goes to a 


party with an escort who is intoxicated. 
She laughs at his ribald remarks.” 

4. “The modern girl demands “much 
and gives little; the more’s the pity, she 
has so little to give. She cannot intelli- 


gently share in the victories and d:feats 
of the man.” 


5. “The modern girl is sclfish, super- 
ficial, conceited, and uninteresting. She 
chatters inanely cn topics about which she 
knows nothing and in which she has neo 
interest. She chooses the styles favored 
by demimondaines. Sze is commonpiace, 
relying solely uvon physical attractive- 


ne3s, which in time grows tawdry and 
stale.” 


6. “Tae mede-n girl does pot govern 
her intellect with imtelligence and her 
abilities with common s<n-e. She is qon- 
siantly dissatistiei am: roving. She is 
bored by duty.” 

7. “Women are interesting. oniy de- 
causes cf some tricks of oll Mother Na- 
ture. When the tricks fail and the glamour 
iz removed the woman is reveaied as 
plain . no-account. All women arz some- 
what ridiculous.” 


‘HERE you have the sage utterances 
from seven doughty males who brok> 
forth in a national magazine of lat> under 
the alluring caption “Why-I Won't Marry 
the Modern Giri.” 

A subhead almost as captivating zs the 
main head heralds them as “Sevon Elic- 
ibie Bachelors.” “ 

Nor can the head writer be 
blamed for this. The E. Bs. themselves, 
with tree drooping-woodland-viciet mod- 
esty, acclaim themsaive: as “eligible.” 
They state their incomes, their age, their 
looks, their war records, their  philus- 


ophies, their recreations, their mode ot 


dress and style of teupe>, and then in~ 
quire, with true childifke naivete and can- 
dor, “If This Ain't Eligibility, I Ask You, 
Wot Is?” 

'N to come right down to brass tacks, 


oF marriage licenses; I doubt me much - 


that there’s onc in the whole lot-—-barring 
one, and Tm not going to tell: you which 
one—that any female of the species whom 


their physiogeomies, 


whoky 


they would consider “clicibie” 
marry. 


would 


Tiere’s so much of the ostrich-imthe- 
sand attitude, so much masculine assur- 
ance, so much of an l-am-monarch-of-ail_ 
I-curvey outlook, sao much dogmatism, so 
much prudishness, such a squinting ont- 
look, such an utter leck of jjamor im‘em all 
—shake "em!—that the highly intelligent, 
poised, graceful, cultured, self-contained, 
adaptable, subtly-pérceptioned better 
halves for whom they seem to sit and 
wait, should lopk well at a Stop, Look 


and Igstea ‘Sign before heeding 2 call.to-. 


the. adtar. ‘ } 


Fifstly, ~ brethren and Sistern, it 
doesrt pay to’ generalize. Any édambell 
who assays to;discuss “The Moderna 
Girl,”“The Modera Man.” “Tke Modern 
Wife,” or “The Modern Husband” proves 
by his very attempt at the subject that 
his utterances are worthy of n>. conrid- 
eration. | 


The human race is too extensive aad 
too varied in its extensiveness to be clas- 
sified and pigeon-holed.. It is generally 
the more sensational, flamboyant, chesp 
representatives of any class that are 
thrown into the limelight, and “the re- 
formers” seize upon thelr manifestations 


and insist that these sensational ones are 


the entire class. | 

i feel perfectly safe 4) say that there 
are many more thouszads of modern girls 
who only moderately tint and powder 
who wear ciothes 
which make a gracéfal compromise fhe- 
tween the Victerian and the twentieth 
century, who practice piano lessons and 
tat amd crechet, who read old standard 
fiction, who take care of the younger 
children, who help support parents and 
give the younger omes a better educaticn, 
whe economize on lunches in order to 


hear 2 goed concert, then thér> are of th: | 


startling type who calicimine and heai- 
light their counte2amces, wear South 
Sea island clothing, take jazz lessons and 
dance to jazz eight nights out of seven, 
who ask for dates, who demand that their 
male escorts spend a month's salary for 
one evening's atausement, and wio fe! 
no calis to home duties. 


7 ee eee ee ee ee 
Givi discussion proves that the world 
is a mighty sound place after all, cise 


- 


their manifestations would nel cause the 
ripple that they do upon the social brok- 
let. It is time te worry when the most 


objectionable phases of their manifesta- 


tions are simply taken as a matter of 
cdursa and socially accepted, attgoush 
there «rs some phases of eren the much 
discussed “Medern Girl” that could well 

“T= Modern Giri” whom trete Seren 
Kligibic Bachelors discuss is no more ihe 


modern girl than are they “The Modorn 
Rachelor.” 


Just for fom, iet’s grant, however, that 


they are within their rights in listing 


E 


: 
I 
Fi 


f 
ie 


at 


idk: It is very possible that ‘the paragon 


whom bé awaits also Gherishes that oif 


time tradition or believes that a man deas 
regard lis wife as 4.suprem2 gift and wii: 
cherish her as euch. Kt is very unlikely: 
that a belittling of this gift will gxin the 
goal for him any sconer, 


HE deplores her lack of reticence, 

» her prattle about “things which are 
not discussed when I was a giri.” The 
wiole big underlying point of this is tost 
by him. While it is true that “the mod- 
ern girl” of his description overdoes a 
good"thing, her révolutionary attacks 


belief in the intrinsic purity of things 
which have been taboo. KH is her reaction 
the forbidden fruit shadow which 


iit 
1 


Ul Ree 
itt 


| 


") 


m 
i 


4 | 


= 


On 
x 
é 


, 


| 


gee 
eH 

; 
ie 


S 
- 


> Well, why confine the observation 
fe otie-half of the human race? i believe 
someone by the name of Carigle opines: 
that all -menkind is bat a indicrous, ™-. 


Sunday, January 8, 1! 922 


ee aie ee eee ee, ee on Oe ee eo 
-- _ f a ee ee — ‘ » & 
‘ — . merle > 


THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


Page Phree 


How Do You “Get Over” in the Vaudeville of Life? 


If You Want to Appear at Your Best, to Be Popular and Really ‘Appreciated, Study the Way a Vaudeville 
Manager Arranges His Show. 


wy ivlary Kennel, 


i ARE all play folk, great ac- 
tors, fine showmen! We set the 
stizge, ring up the curtain and 
then play for the applause. 
From the most inexperienced 
among us to the most-blase, we 
know our lines and answer to 
our own particular cues. 
e run a show of our own. We put it 
o.. »v2ary day for the benefit of those we 
m.cct; and we ourselves are the acts, 
with our personalities, appearances and 
ta'ents the material with which we work. 


‘ike a vaudeville manager we arrange 
o' . material -so that “the .complete - bill 
“ill be a success. We study the aundi- 
e7ce., we analyze ourselves and those 
amcng us who succeed in .“holding them 
in’ have proved our showmanship. 


And the wise among us win the laur- 
els! It need not be the most gifted and 
beautiful who. stand in the limelight; in- 
stead it is often the crafty managers, who 
have looked over the material at hand 
and have decid-d where to place and ar- 
ra ve it, that obtain the best results. 


Many times it is an intricate problem 
ts solve,. First we must search within 
o.-rselves, facing squarely our. limitations 
a’.l weighing them well with our talents. 
Ton we must determine what quality 
w possess that is outstanding, appeal- 
iii~ -nd will “put ys over.” 

2 must decide whether we can 
so-ry> as conversationalists, musicians, 
de np thinkers or comedy-farce players, 
and then we must arrange our setting and 
co’ ~ scheme accordingly. . 


‘xt comes the task of making au- 
ad ces want the thing we have to offer 
» this vaudeville bill of life. If- we can’t 
se'l them the thing we have, we must 
fic out what it is they want and see if 
“we can’t give it to them. We must ar- 
3 72 our show with a_ proportionate 

“ch of the dramatic, pathetic and hu- 
oe ‘ous; try to appeal to the mind and 
1\ke senses: allure, electrify and soothe— 
‘'y we woanld heve the whoata effart pleas- 
ing - 

Alike in Some Thin” 


q UMAN beings are burdened with like 
emotions and none of them’are dor- 
“nt. Therefore, a player is sure to 
‘"2 an answering note of some sort in 
his brother audience ff he puts forth the 
\.- * “Se has to good advantage. . 
‘yposing the demure litile girl has 
s' ‘‘clent wisdom to indulge in a bit of 
‘“trugpection. If so, she discerns early 
t.ct she is out of place in-too brillant a 
eotting, that the dazzle dulls: her gleam. 
Sane realizes that her personality does not 
~smit gowns of startling colors because 
tsey would not harmonize with the 
voxthing impression she #veflectsa. There- 
fore, she. drops the curtain for a “single,” 
viav~s to her audience alone, clothes her- 
sclf in: pastels or gray or violet and 
when she appears she is certain to soothe 
‘and perhaps charm. The highly develop- 
ed. mentally or those extremely. sensitive 
to color will sense a. calm at her appear- 
‘ance and when they analyze it they may 
find it due entirely. te the harmonious 
c~'w ing of her costuming. Her person- 
al’ will blend with the ease of it all 
an° ~he will have found an audience. 


‘gn the other harid, the clever conver- 
-sationalist has an opposite role to: fill. 


She must be spontaneous and: vivifying, se 
both in her mental offerings’ and in her 


She must adorn herself in 
a “sharp” color—say red, the color of 
human interest. It causes the blood to 
move down rapidly, thereby exciting to 
greater mental activity. It expresses 
force and kindles‘ the feeling of warmth. 
Or perhaps black would be fitting be- 
cause it can be worn convincingly. It 
lends dignity and autheritv—or it may 
be usd sedrctively. And. remember, the 
mind fs subject to seduction as well as 
the body. 


costuming. 


ie 
~~ a” . 
ae ee 

. oe 7 2“ 


ana 
 <oaiee AP avs 


> s hast 
: Aye 
ae 774 - alte 
< * ~ Ry 


=> 


* Ge 4'h “: 
= 


— 
° 
" 
=< ps ‘ 
Sad at eee 
a 


la 
——» 
a ‘=~ 
. 
> ———— 


49:8 B24. 

»\ 

\N 
\ 


\ 


“ 
. 
e 
. ~ 


We ‘have the task of making widtenebe want the thing we have to offer on this 
vaudeville bill of life. | 


The line of her gown must be distinct 
and decided. Her whole personality must 
reflect the essence of stimulation to 


mind and body if she is to carry success- ~ 


fully this most fascinating and ri tg ob- 
solete art of conversation. 


By a witty phrasing of words ‘or an: 


evasive subtlety, the conversationalist can 
gain a reputation for cleverness. She can 


score as very intelligent if she will draw. : 
out her audience with a reference to some 
subject in -.which.they are well versed. 


But her role demands preparation. She 
must read up on all literary topics of the 
day, governmental tangles, strike situa- 
tions. 
on a current subject. 

Like the monologist in vaudeville, she 


must “feel out” her. audience and then’ 
play up to it. 
turn off the laughs and to begin on more 


She must know when to 


serious subjects. She must inject hu- 
man interest. She must_temper the edge 
of her brilliancy with a touch of wisdom 
by handling her words adroitly and speak- 
ing cautiously and authoritatively. 

For instance, if you should meet her 
on the street and talk with her five or 
ten minutes, she might very cleverly let 
you introduce the subject. Naturally, it 
would be one on which you wished. to 


_ Many. charming people. . 


She must not be caught napping ‘with a pleasurable sense of their knowl- 


speak. Then she would wax fluent and 
before many seconds the two of you would 
be. off at crack ‘speed.': Next it would be 
her. turn—but if she ‘is. clev 
knows your subjécts. So for 4 few rounds 
more you continue your conversational 
battle. - And when: you part you mentally 


register that she is a very clever person 


—extremely $0 in fact, 

But why? : 

Simply because she is a showman. She 
kn 
dembastrated in the above: dngtance. _* 

And it is often the. case.°.We meet 
We: leave them 


edge, Dersonality and’ Syimpatsetic under- 
standing. 
+ ” bike a Vaudeville Bill. 


UT did you ever stop to analyze them? 


Have you ever wondered just what 


they have that is different and distinc- 
tive 

Has it never occurred to you that the 
feeling is similar to that experienced after 
seeing a<good vaudeyille bill?’ That is, 
you dida’t know. just what was’ so par- 
ticularly good about - the Mtoe whole 
thing appealed to you. - - 

In both cases it was showbiabsaip. The 


‘Spille manager 
variety of thought and emot.ons io ma: 
his s. ow a success. 


at all she . 


s how to-“put. herself over" as ‘she © 


knows. - his Gidicnces need a 


manager of the hutian being and the the- 
atrical manager arranged their acts so 
that the entire bill would leave a ;loasant 
sense of satizfied enjoyment. Bota work- 
ed om your emotions, “felt you out” and 
played up to you. Honce, both pericrm- 
ances were successful. 

There is such a thing, however, as 
having too much good material with wich 
to work and not enovgh variety. 

John F. Royal cites an example of a 
week when he had the finest line-up of 
talent the Keith circuit had to offer, but 
when tthe flesh-and-blood material came 
in on Monday mo-ning he knew the bill 
would be a failure; too many brilliant 
people, too much comedy. He fad noth- 
ing with which to shade the glare. He 


‘knew his audiences would be tired out 


with too much laughing, with too much 
straining of attention for the “smart” 
linés: He realized they ne2ded to be let 
down now and then—that they wanted to 
relax. 

And this applies to-everyday lfe in 
the same way. Charles W. Mears, n-ted 
adve.tising man‘and psychologist, clairzs 
that the human mind cannot think for too 
lang a time on any one subject without 
becoming stale. It is the same with emo- 
tions. A person who is constantly. high 
strung, brilliant and going at high ten- 
sion, wearies his audience. One who is 
demure pall; bcfore long, It tak@s a va- 
riety of moods and temperament, a change 
of scene and color to make our whole ex- 
istence effective. 

Vaudeville managers substantiate the 
theory by putting it to the test every 
Monday afternoon at the opening of their 
new bills. 

The vaudeville show comes in to the 
manager a jumbled mass of talent. He 
arranges it chessboard fashion before him 
and then surveys the audience under his 
misércscope of wae inant instinct and 
intuition. 

And he knows his audience. He knows 
they need a variety of thought and emo- 
tions really to enjoy themselves. He has 
studied people, vaudeviNe audiences par- 
ticulariy, and he knows better than tvey 
do what they want and need, simply be- 
cause-knowing them has been one of iis 
important duties. 

That explains why he gets your aiten- 
tion by. using a quickly moving acroba‘ic 
act or xylophone player as an opener. He 
knows it will take action to catch your 
eye and attention. 

And, when we apply it to our own 
lives, did we ever attract much attention 
by sitting still? 

For a second act he pleases you with 
a little humor, a singing and talking act. 

Again apply it to our own routine. 

A little pathos next, in just the right 
degree, will thake the kettle simmer. Too 
much comedy, too much action, too much 
sameness at a stretch is ‘deadenigg. 

That is the answer for many a domestic 
wrangle, There is too much of one emo- 
tion—or no emotion. Not enough humor 
—no pathos, perhaps. . The couple grow 


stale because they do not inject a variety 


of interesta and soon one or the other, or 


both, begiue w squirm. 


Around 4 in the afternoon c~ 10 in the 
evening physicians claim that the humai. 
vitality. lowers. That is. why Manager 


‘ Royal injects his star act near the close 


of the bill. He stimulates his audience, 
rouses them again, plays his best trick, 
his catchiest music, uses his most strik- 
ing colors and most beautiful girls. He 
must havg “bang” to make the finish 4 
grand ‘ingle. 
We All Do it. 
ND if you think a moment you'll ad- 
mit we all do the same thing in our 


(Concluded on Page 19.) 


“ee OP OPO I, nO AS BEES! = ey, 


ee ee Tk ee ee ee 


gM FULQUE g 


ane 


- fa y 


SG 


BY W. NEPHEW KING 


|ENEATH the yellow petals of a 
gorgeous flower, nursed by the 
soft and genial sunshine of Mex- 
ico, ies its poison cup—pulque. 
To the peon, it is food and drink. 
To the hation, a blessing and a 

& curse, No government has ever 
een strong enough to even control ites 
distribution. To tax it excessively would 
mean rebellion. | 

The discovery of pulque is shrouded 
in the mist of Aztec tradition, for when 
the Spanish conquistradores reached Mex- 
ico, it was then the national beverage. 
The Aztecs are said to have learned of its 
use from the Toltecs, to whom it was 
known as néutli. Its present name is of 
fhilian origin, but from what language 
it is derived, no one seems to know. Ac- 
cording to a Mexican legend the knowl- 
edge of the virtue and vice of pulque was 
discovered by accident. 

During the reign of Tepancaltzin, one 
of the Toltec kings, a kinsman of his ob- 
served a field mouse gnawing a hole in 
the central bulb of. a growing maguey. 
Catching the. precious juice, as it issued 
from the plant, he sent it to the king by 
hia beautiful daughter, Xochitl. The mon- 
arch was more impressed with the girl 
thar ~ith the gift, and forcibly detained 
her his harem. From their union was 
born a daughter, Waconetzin—“Child of 
the Maguey.” -; 


ROM that dey.began the downfall of 


the Toitec mation; In-their mad thirst 
for thé poison julce-of the-Maguey they 
neglected, not only the fine arts, for 
which they were famous, but their ath- 
letic training which had enabled them to 
subdue the barborous tribes around them. 
The Toltecs were soon driven out of the 
rich valley of Mexico by the Chichimecs, 
a tribe that had always been regarded as 
inferior to them. One has only to. visit 
Mexico to realize that this legend is still 
cherished among the drinkers of pulque, 
for all of the vilte dens in which it is sold 


are known as Pulquerias; and many of . 


thet, 4n front of their shops, display the 
sign “La Hermosa Xochitl'’'—the beautiful 
flower. 

The Spaniards had scarcely gained a 
foothold in Mexico before they began to 
realize the effect of pulque upon the In- 
dians and tried, in every way, to restrict 
its manufacture and gale. In 1635, the 
Marques de Mancera issued the first de- 
cree against it. He was supported by the 
archbishop of Mexico and other men of 
influence and power; but the result was 
a complete failure. In 1692, another at- 
tempt was made by the Spanish viceroy, 
but this rosulted in a formidable riot. The 
royal palace was stoned and an infuriated 
mob burned several public buildings. 

Since that time no ruler ceems to huve 
had the temerity to seriously 
attack the problem beyond 
preaching and writing against 
it. President Porfirio Diax in- 
troduced beer in Mexico hoping 
that it would become a subati- 


Native women sell- 
ing pulque on the 
road to Mexico City. 


Of Mexico's Polsor 


Curseo astve Cause or Mexico's 
MPOTENCE, SAio ey (Varives To 
Have Insprreo Buivers | 


‘ 


tute for pulque. All that he ~ ac- 
complished, however, was to induce 
the upper classes, which are a handful 
compared to the rest of the nation, to give 


up their pulque for the new beverage. 
President Carranza even went farther for 
he attempted to establish prohibition in 
the states of Sonora and Yucatan. Be- 


IO mre F 
4 Cr abit 
ss ae Aa er 


7 
6 age 


MP AP 


a 


yond increasing the price of pulque and 
other drinks this campaign, like all the 
others, was of little or no effort. 


Tt? THE unitiated, pulque is the most 
harmless looking liquor in the world. 
In appearance. it is like: sour milk—in 
taste, like sweetened water—yet, in action, 
it combines the straéngth of both brandy 
and absinthe. One can drink a schooner 
or two with apparently no effect, except 
a feeling of exhilaration.. A Nttle later, 


with the mind comparatively clear, every- 
thing becomes intensified. The sun is 
brighter. The skies are bluer. The flow- 
ers are more brilliant. Still a little later, 
one becomes indifferent, then quarrelsome 
—sometimes fighting mad. 
comes a kind of stupor and you want to 
lie down and sleep. “ 


In Mexico, however, the lower classes 
aever sleep off the effect of a-pulque de- 
bauch, They want to enjoy it while it 
lasts, and nine-tenths of the crimes com- 
mitted in that country, where the soil is 
wet with the tears of women and red 
with the blood of men, may be traced to 


the Poison Cup. The amount of Maquor 
that an habitual pulque drinker. can con- 
sume depends upon the capacity of his 
stomach and the size of his pocketbook. 
Three or four gallons a day is not an un- 
common amount among the lower classes. 
Pulque will not keep longer than twenty- 


four hours, and is found in perfection no- ~ 


where except In the rich valley of the 
City of Mexico- The Indians, defending 
their favorite tipple from the attacks of 
the prohibitionists declare that all of-the 
great masterpieces of Mexican art and lit- 
erature were conceived and executed un- 
| der the inspiration of pulque. They point 
with pride to their massive cathedrals, 
show you their great monuments and in- 
vite you to listen to the weird strains of 


After this - 


ey es OE mn tt 


il 


Above: A native still. 
At left: Puique gath- 
erers extracting juice 
from mother plant, 


their fandangos and then say—‘“‘See what 
pulque hag done for Mexico.” What they 
think of the national drink is best *x- 
pressed in the following doggere!), 


“Sabe gue no pulque— 
Licor divinio ? 
‘Lo deden los angeles 
En vez de vino.” 
“Know ye not pulque ? 
‘Tis a liquor divine 
Drunk by the angels 
In preference to wine?” 


HERE ig probably no plant in the 

world that has played such an impor- 
tant part in the economic, social and po- 
litical-life of a nation as pulque, It is to 
the native of Mexico what the reindeer is 
to the Laplander, and holds a place in 
the vegetable kingdom second only to that 
of the hog in the animal; for there is no 
part. of this wonderful plant, from the 
depths of its massive roots to the crést 
of its pale yellow flowera that has not 
been utilized in. one form or another, 
From the tough and uninviting roots, the 
Indians prepare the daintiest of sweet- 
meats, The lower leaves are roasted and 
from them is distilled two fiery and in- 
toxicating beverages—mescal and tequila. 

The fiber furnishes an excellent qual- 


ity of paper~-in fact, according to some 
historians the hieroglyphic manuscripts 
of the Aztecs were painted on this kind 
of-paper; and ft is said to equal ip qual- 
ity the ancient Egyptian papyrus. This 
fiber is also spun into thread and the 
sharp thorns tipping the leaves serve as 
needles. Molasses and vinegar are also 
distilled from the pulp and the poorer 
slasses thatch the roofs of their humble 
homes with the leaves In place of shingles. 
When pulque is freshly distilled {t is takcn 


(Concluded om Page 19) 


TT LT 


ae , 
» 
BY: 


Y ie 


Suaday, January 8, 1922 


The Name and the Game 


Cronies, snug in an age of 
backs upon teday, swap white- 
steam heat, turn their warm 

backs upon today, swap white-Christmas 
stories and hanker with forefinger laid 
alongside of nose for the -base-burners and 
cold backs of the good old days. 

Not least upon the busy magnate’s ta- 
ble is his shopping list. 


Evenings, six-dollar-a-week salesgiris 


sit in their five-dollar-a-week hall bed-. 


rooms, with their aching feet-in-a tub of 
hot water and their aching fingers busy 
with baby: ribboned coat-hangers and silk 
needle-book tokens of Yuletide affection. 

Even as it flowered in 4 manger, the 
Christmas spirit, a perennial lily upon the 
sooty face of the world, blooms out of the 
slack heap of men’s rife and strife, 

In the hearts of. children it is a pod 
filled with their first happiness. 

Down from a sky the color of cold dish- 
water, a cloak of swift snow fell upon the 
city, muffling its voice like a hand held 
against its mouth. Children who had never 
before beheld ‘a white Christmas leaped 
with the joy of it. A sudden army of men 
with blue faces and fio overcoats sprang, 
fu l-zrown and: armed with shovels, from 
out the storm. City parks lay etehed in 
sudden. finery. Men coming up out of the 
canyon of Wall street remembered that it 
was Christmas and felt for bauble money, 

At_early dusk and through the white 
dance of the white storm tide city slid its 
four million packs off its four million 
backs and turned homeward. Pedestrians 
with the shopper’s light in their eyes bent 
into the f'urry and darted for surface cars 
and subways. Commuters, laden with bun- 
dies and: with tickets between their teeth, 
rushed for early trains. 

Women with bearing-down bundles and 
babies wedged through the crowd fighting 
ior trains and place. Boys in-cadet uni- 
forms and boarding school girls homeward 
bound, thrust forward their shining faces 
as if into the tomerrow.- A tight tangle 
of business men passed single file through 
a trellised gateway and on down to a 
lower level. A messenger with a tipsy 
spray of holly stuck upright in his cap 
whacked with a folded newspaper at a 
fellow messenger’s swift legs and darted 
in and around the knees of the crowd. A 
prodigal hesitated, then bought a second- 
class ticket for home. Two nuns hurried 
softly on missions of Christmas. 


HE low thunder of a thousand feet; 


tired feet, eager feet; flat feet, shabby — 


feet; young feet, callous feet; arched and 
archless feet. Voices that ‘rose like wind 
to a gale. 
whimpering. A group of shawlted strang- 
e®: interchanging sharp jargon. . 

With the marble mausoleum of a waft: 
ing room, its benches Hned with the 
kaleidoscopic faces of the traveling public, 
a train announcer be'lowed a paean of 
tracks and stations. 

At the onyX® and nickel-plated. periodi- 
cal stand men in passing snatched their 
evening paper from. off the stack on the 
counter, flopping down their pennies as 
they ran. In the glow of a spray of red 
and white electric bulbs, in a bower of the 
instant’s pretty-girl periodical covers, and 
herself the most vivid of them all, Miss 
Marjorie Clark caught a hastily flung cop- 
per coin on the fly, her laughter mounting 
with it . 

“Whoops, ‘a-la!” 

“Geod catch, kiddo.” 

“Oh, > Charley-bey, 
pitching for last season?” 

“The Reds, because that’s your color.” 

“Say, if you’re going to catch that four- 
eighteen you’ve got to break somebody’s 
speed limit between here and track ten. 
Run along; Charley-boy, and Merry Christ- 
mas.” 

But Mr. Charles Scully s\.ung to a ha.t, 
poured his armful of packages into a wire 
bas.cet of six-city-pcst-card-views for ten 
cents, swung open his overcoat with a 
sprinkling of .now on its sli k-napped vel- 
vet collar, lifted his small black mustache 
in a smile. 

“Black-eyes, I'd miss three trains for 
you.” 

“There’s not another until the four- 
forty.” 

“I should worry. Anyway, for all I 
know you've changed your mind and are 
coming out with me tonight, little one.” 


wh? was you 


HE quick blood ran up into her small 


face, dyeing it, and she withdrew from 
his nearing features. 


“I have not! Gee, you’re about as 
Square as a doughnut, you are.” . 

“Jumping Juniper, can’t a. fellow miss 
his train just to wish a little beauty like 
yor a Merry Christmas. But on the level, 
I want to take you out home with me to- 
night; honest I do, little spitfire.” 

“Crank up there, Charley-boy; you got 
about thirty seconds to make that train in.” 

“Gets you sore every time I ask you 
Out, don’t it, black eyes? Talk about your 
little tin sainta!” 

“Say, if you 
slide,” 
¢. * You can’t scare me with those black 
eyes.” 

“Can’t I, my brave boy! Say, you'd 


was any Alicker you'd 


A child dragged by the arm and. 


fHE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


want to quarantine the dictionary if you 
found smallpox in it, that’s hew hard you 
are to scare,” 

“Well, of ali the Hnes of talk, if you 
ain't got the greatest, Cute is no name 
for you.” 

“And say, the place where you clerk 
a be a classy clothes parlor, Charley- 

oy.” 

“Right-o, little one. If you ever pass 
by the Brown Haberdashery, on Twenty- 
third street, drop in and I'll buy you a 
lunch.” 

“Tra-la, where did you ;;et that checked 
sui., and I'll bei you flag the train out at 
Glendale where you live with that tie. Oh, 
you Checkers!” 

“Some class to me, eh, kiddo?” 

“Oh, I wouidn’t say that.” 

He leaned closer. His smile had an 
uplift like a crescent and a slight depres- 
sion in his left cheek, too low for a dim- 
ple; twinkled when he smiled, like an 
adjacent star. 


“Take it from me, Queenie, these glad 


rags are my stock in trade. In my line 
I got to sport them. At home I’m ali to 
the overalis. If my boss was to see the 
old red wool smoking jackat I wear around 


cherry-like, but tilted slightly as if their 
fruit had een plucked from the tree of 
sophistication. 

“¥ou bet your life fm seared.” 

“Why, out there in Glendale, little one, 
you won't meet your own shadow, if that’s 
what’s hurting you.” 

“¥ou bet your life I won’t.” 

“My old woman will fix you up ali 
right.” 

“Oh, no, she won’t.” 

“Aw, come on, kiddo; we’re going to 
have a tree for the little brother, and the 
old woman will be rigged up like a mast 
in her spotted -silk. Come on; who‘il be 
any the wiser?” 

Laughter and mockery rose to the sur- 
face of her eyes, bubbled to her lips. 

“Huh, what's that only son stuff you 
gave me yesterday? Ali about how you 
had to land a job in the city and make 
good after your old man died, eh? Haw 
about your yesterday's line of talk?” 

°T 2? 

“All about how mether’s 
boy found himself alf plastered over with 
the mortgage anc worked nights to get 
out from under. All about—aw, say, 
what’s the use? But I always say to you 


wandering . 


Page Five 


° By Fannie Hurst 


something out there I want to tell yan.” 

“My hearing’s alf right in the city.” 

“It’s something I want to whisper 
where I can get next to that little ear of 
yours,” } 

“You got a swelt chance at that little 
ear of mine, nix.” ; 

“Stingy!” 

“You bet your life I’m stingy.” 

“It’s & white Christmas fer sure out 
where I live. Come on out and let me 
show you a good time, little one.” 


“sy WISH you was, half as white as this’ 
Christmas is, Honest, sometimes I 
says to myself, I says, a’ ’t there just 
one of you white’? Has: a girl like me got 
to keep dodging ali her life?” 

“Come, sister, let’s cateh the five- 
eighteen.” 

“You better run along before you get 
me all rubbed the’ wrong way. at five- 
eighteen [ll be buying my own meal 
ticket, let me tell you that.’ 

“Then buy your own meal ticket, if 
that’s what hurting you, little touchy, and 


. come out on the eight-eighteen. It’s only 


a thirty-minute run; and if you say the 
werd I'll be at the station “vith bells on 


Sheet eS 
=? 


tS Rar.S ee 
~ — nei 62 ” 
my — 


THeHED 


6 PR 
~r srr 


oe, eee uy .* ‘/ ~~. rs: gt ‘tx 
~ enews oN a ktde Pr) ale “Sa?e 
bs ae ih ee,” + is. *,¢* ‘ 
Sor? S14 ‘ (+ Kose 2 +4 ‘ 4" 
mes TO A eB Ce ge 
a ¢ bate .< Way > > ° 
rd. oi Sy ,- , oe j 
eth Bie YF aang + \ ying 
mM -_. wat Fe 7 


- 
% ‘ 
— ~~ 
44 Leh 74 oe 
, nels Rays 
; See ee - 
we At ee he 
“a 


»* 
‘ o 


a A . 
Pe ee wer owen 
ee 
’ . >. 
POP ny et OK 
7 >." ~ . 
“> on 


ratc 
a 


™ ’ ms 
‘ 4 - 
‘ ~~ we ee we Owen iv 
, 
Pa Be +~ — 
" meer 


Ww 


A 


oo atrhe Po A ee os 
° , 
. -"abee 5 fa ww, ‘ 
< ‘ 


- 
‘ 
4 i ~ ~- 
on - ‘sqetc 
Neb ak - 


Oe a te 2g 


tet 


“Ang Tye . . iy ' . : 
: f ‘Riv « 1 oo ame Fy 
te . z ‘o,. 14 . 
*% “on 5 


~~: — 


—_— 


a 


FA 2:8 


we Huecees_._._ 


“Why you just never was so safe, Marjie, as now.” 


the house, he'd fire me for burlesquing 
the business.” 

“Well, of all the nerve. 
hand,’ 

“Didn’t know I uad it, little one.” 

“And say, you give |ack that kodak 
picture you swiped off me yesterday. . 
don’t give my photographs out promiscu- 
ous.” 

“That little snap-shot of you? Nix, | 
willt I took that home and hung it in a 
mother-of-pearl frame right over the par- 
lor table.” 

“Sure? And above the family Bible, 
huh? I had a fellow once tell me he was 
a bookmaker, and I was green enanugh then 
to beg him to take me out and let me 
see him. make ’em. - But I’ve: learnt a thing 


Let go my 


or two about you and your kind since then, ~ 


Charley-boy.” 

“You. come out tonight and I'll show it 
to you myself.” : 

“Haven’t you got my number yet, Chol- 
ly; haven’t you?” 
“What is it, little one, number scared- 
cat?" 


HE flung him a glance over the hump 
of one shoulder. Nineteen summers had 


breezed lightly. over her; and her lips were | 


fellows, “Boys, cultivate good memories; 
you need ’em.’ Little brother! Ha; joke!” 

I—aw—i— Little brother’s what we 
cali my sister Till’s little red-headed kid. 
Aw, what—what you want to put me in 
bad for, sister? I’m not so easy to trip up 
as you think I am.” 

.“Iaittle. brother! And say, that’s a bot- | 


tle of malted milk there in your pocket. ‘ 


that you’re taking out to him, ain’t it? 
Sure it is.” ; 

'“This—aw, this—say, you haven’t got 
those snappy black eyes of yours for noth- 
ing, have you? This bottle here in my 
pocket, aw, this—this is a—a bottle of 
brandy for my old woman. First snow 
flurry and lr left foot begins to drag like 
a rag with rheumatism.” ~— 


“Her laughter rose and his confusion ~ 


with it. | , ) 
~ “Sure,” she cried. } 
“Aw—aw, come-on; Marijie.” 
vate erty; it is. 
stg property, 
liked it. “Marjie! Some littlé 
- “Well, of- all the nerve!" = —_ 
“Come on, black eyés. You're off at 


”? 
name. 


five and we'll catch the five-eighteén. - 
Who's -going. to. be any the -wiger?: I: got - 


it said-4tself But gec, 1° 


——S 


to meet you. Come on, I'll show you the 
Christmas eve of your life. 


Be a Mariie.” 

“Yes, I always say, inviting a girl to 
be a sport is a stick way of inviting her 
to hades. I’ve seen where being a sport 
lands a girl, I have. I ain’t game, maybe, 
but, thank God, I[ ain't. Thank God, I ain't, 
is what I always says to them.” 

“Well, of all. the funny little proposi- 
tions.” 

“Well, there’s nothing funny.about your 
proposition.” 

“You're one funny little girl; but gee, 
I like you.” 

. There was that in his glance and the 
white flash of his. teeth and. the pomadéd 
air of geniality about him thet sent a quick 
network of thrills. darting through her; 
all her perceptions rose and her color. 

“Come on, little girl.” . 

~“Oh,” she cried, clenching her small 


. «.-.- tan hand, and a tempest of fury flashing 
“Well, of all Pars! nerve! My name’s pri- . 
= Lt ae og : ae > ; a 


atross her face, “y ou fresh fellows 


_uptown here think just beezuse you wear 


good clethes and can hold down a decent 
job, that you—you can- put up any ‘kind 
of a proposition to q girl like me.- Oh—oh, - 
just every one of yout" ~~ = 
“Well, of all the little: spitfires.” 
“What do you think E.am?. What does . 


Page Six 


every one of you, up and downtown, think 
I am? Do I look like I was born yesterday? 
Well, I wasn’t, or the day before or the 
day before that. Honest to God, if I was 
a nice appearing fellow like you I'd be 
ashamed, I would. I'd go out in the garden 
and eat worms, I would.” 


H® RETREATED before her scorn, but . 


smiling. 

“T'll get you yet, you little vix,” he said; 
“you pretty little black-eyed vix you, I'll 
get you yet.” 

* “Like hell you will.” 

“If you change your mind, come out on 
the eight-eighteen, girlie. Two b!ocks to 
ice left of the station; the corner house 
with a little weather-cock over the porch. 
Can’t miss it. I'll te crapin’ the tree in 
tin fringe and wishing you were there.” 

“Oh,” she cried, her voice © cracked 
spang across with a sob, “I—I_hate you.” 

“No, you don’t,” he said, smiling and 
gathering his parcels. 

“Tent . 

“Don't.” . 

ror 

“What’s that on your wrist?” 

“Where?” 


| “There, I thought you - said- you “threw: 


it away.” 

. ~Her right hand flew to her left wrist as 
if a welt lay tnere. 

“This, I—huh-—I—I forgot I had it on. 
This—this little old bracelet you’said you 
found in the subway. It—it’s nothing but 
red celluoid, anyway. I—I nearly did 

throw it away.” ks 

, “You look just like a little gypsy, you 
do, with that red comb in that black hair 
ot yours and that red bracelet on your lit- 
tle brown arm. I’ swear if I didn’t miss 
my train by ten minutes the first time I 
seen you standing here at this counter 
with those big black eyes of yours shin- 
ing out.” 

“You'll miss it again if you don’t run 
away, Charley-boy.” 

“Dare you to come along! I'll wait for 
the five-eighteen.” 

“Don’t hold your breath till I do.” 

“Dare you to come out on the eight- 
eighteen! Say the word, and I'll be at the 
station.” 

“I'll see myself crazy with the blues 
first.” 

“You might as well come, kiddo, be- 
eause I'll get you yet.” 

“Try the soft pedal stuff about the kid 
and the Christmas tree on the girl at the 
Glendale station. Maybe she hasn’t cut 
her eye-teeth.” 

A fiush swept his face like quick wind. 

“You're a bum sport, all righty.” 

“And you! Gee, if I was to tell you what 
I think you are. If I was!” 

She sank her teeth into her lower lip 
to keep it from trembling, but smiled. 

“But I wouldn't. take the trouble 
Chariey-boy—honest, I wouldn’t take the 
trouble.” ; 

“I'll get you yet, you little vix,” he in- 
sisted, his white smile flashing, and re- 
treating into the crowd. 

“You—oh—oh, you!” 

She stood looking after him, head. back- 
ward and hip arched forward in the pose 
of Carmen’s immortal defiance. But be- 
nind her flashing attitude her heart rose 
to her throat and a warm gush of blood 
to her face, betraying it. 


HEN the illuminated hands of the 


illuminated tower clock swung to 
the wide angle of five o’clock, Miss Mar- 
jorie Clark and Miss Minnie Bundt, from 
the Fancy Fruit stand opposite, cast off 
tne brown cocoon of their workaday for 
the trim street finery which the American 
shopgirl, to the stupefaction of economists 
and theorists, can somehow evolve out of 
eight dollars a week. 

In the locker room they met, the placid 
sky-colored eyes-of Miss Bundt meeting 
Miss Clark’s in the wavy square of mir- 
ror. 

“Snowing, a.n’t it?” 

“Yep.” . 

“Gee, that’s a .wnifty little hat, 
Where’d you get the pompon?” 

“Five and Ten.” 

“If it ain’t got the avenue written all 
over it.” 

Silence. 

“Want some my powder, Min? Pink.” 

“Nope.” 

“Want to—want to go to a movie to- 
night or—or bum around the stores? It’s 
‘Christmas eve.” , 

“Can't.” 

“Date?” 

“Yep.” 

Silence. 

A flush rose to Miss Clark’s face, dark- 
ening it. She adjusted her dyed fur tibbet 
and a small imitation fur cap at just the 
angle which doubled its face value. Some- 
thing seemed to leap out from her eyes 
ani then retreat behind a smile and a 
squint. 

‘*“Say, Min, if my voice hurt me like 
yours does, I’d rub salve on it,” and went 
out, slaniming the door behind her. But a 
tear lay on the edge of her down-curved 
lashes threatening to ricochet down her 


smoothly powdered cheek. She winked it © 


in again. The station swarm was close 
to her, jostling, kicking her ankles in 
passing, buffeting. 

From out the swift tide a figure with- 
out an overcoat, and a cap visor pulled 
well down over his eyes, locked her arm 
‘from the rear so that she sprang about, 
releasing herself. 

“Por God’s sake, Blink, cut the pussy- 
foot tread, wilt you? I’ve jabbed with’ a 
hat-pin for less than that.” | 


-in the mud 


Min. 


THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


“Merry .Christmas, Marj.” - 

“Yes. I’m -merry as a crutch. 
‘brought you around, Blink?” 

“Can’t a fellow drop around to pick 
you up?” 

“Land that .job?” 

“Not a chanee. What they ‘vant down 
there is a rough-neck, not a gentleman 
rubber-down. Say, take it from me; after 
a fellow has -worked in. the high-class 
Turkish baths, Third avenue joints ain’t 
up to his tone no more. . ¥ got to have 
class, kiddo,-that’s why I got such a lean 
toward you.” 

“Cut that.” 

“Come down tonight, Marj,” 

“Where?” 

“Harry's.” 

“Well, I guess not.” 

“Buy. you a dinner.” 

“But you're flat as your hand. “ 

He set up a jingling in his left pocket, 

“T am, am 1?” 

“Weil, I’m not going.” 

“When -you going to cut this eli, iad 
Marj?” . 

“I'm not. I’m just beginning. - 

“Breaking into him_ sence ds eh?. Fine 
chance.” - 

“Yes, with. the: gang .of you down there 
hanging on-like- the. eee: ; got a gies 
chance, | nix,” cad 3 


“p 


What 


into the -family entrance of Harry’s place, 
crying ,with madness every time your old 
man sent you. Gad, I cam see you yet, 
sweetness, with your big black eyes black- 
er than ever, and steering home your old 
man from ott a jamboree.” 

“God, sometimes I wake up in the night 
just like him and ma was still alive and 
me and her was sitting there listening to 
him creak up the stairs on his bad nights. 
I wake up, I can tell you, in a sweat— 
right in a sweat.” 

“i knew you in them days, kiddo, just 
like you knew me. That’s why you can’t 
pull nothing over on a fellow, }-iddo, that’s 


‘had as many pulls on your all-day suckers 


as I have. You're a little quitter, you are, 
and sometimes I think you're out for big- 
ger game.” 

“It don’t mean because a girl was born 
shes got to stick there, 
does it?” 

“No, but she can’t pretend she doen't 
know one of the old thud turtles when she 
sees one.” 

“Mud turtle is the right name. *s 

“The erewd has got yéur number: all 
right, kiddo; they know. yof're out after 
bigger . game. You're: a.little turncoat, 
that’s what they say.about you.” 

“Turncoat! Who wouldn't turn a coat 
they was ashamed of? I guess you all don’t 
remember how I used:-to say even back in 
those years, when I was taking tickets 
down..at Lutes’ old Fourteenth — street 
amusement parlors, ways befors he walks 


- the wrong beat going to breeze away from 


the gang down there.” 
“I remember, all righty.” 
“How I was going to get me a job up- 
town here, where I could get in with a 


decent crowd of girls and not be known) 


for the kind down there that you and all 
of ‘em knew, I-—I wasn’t.” 

“Sure we knew.” 

“Yes, but what good does that do me? 
Can a dirty little yellow-haired snip over 
in the Fancy Fruits give me the ‘once-over 
and a turn-down? She can. And why? 
Because I ain’t certified. I come from a 
counterfeit crowd, and who's going to take 
the trouble to find my number and sée if 
it’s real?” . 

“Aw, now—” 

“Didn’t a broken-down old granny over 
in the Thirty-fourth street house where I 
roomed give me notice last week, because 
Addie Lynch found me out one night and 
came to see me lit up like a Christmas 
tree.” 

“That’s-why_I say, Marj, stick to the 
old ones who know you.” 

“Like May Pope used to say, a girl 
might as well have the game as the name.” 
“If I was a free man, Marjie, ’'d—” 

“Where has the straight and narrow got 
me to, I'd like to know? Sometimes I 
think it’s nothing but a blind alley : 
ing me back.” 

“If I was a free man, Marj—” 

“Let me meet a slick little up-stage 
fellow that doesn’t have to look two ways 
before he walks the wrong beat in day- 
light; let me meet a fellow like that, and 
where does it get me?” 

“Pm no saint, Marj, but there ain’t a 
beat in town I'd have to look two ways 
on. Ask any cop—” 


‘< Berg the slick little up-stage fellow 

a2get my number? He does not. Id 
like to see one of them ask that dirty lit- 
tle yellow head over in the Fancy Fruits 
to go home with him. A little Nobody- 
Home like her, just because she was raised 
in an amen corner of the Bronx and has 
a six-foot master mechanic brother to 
cali for her every time she works fifteen 
minutes later, she can wear her hands 
crossed on her chest and a lily stuck if 
‘em and get away with it, too.” 

“You're right, kiddo; you got more 
sand than ten of such put together.” 

“I’m as good as her and better. I’m not 


so sure by a long shot that any of those - 


baby faces would say no if they was ever 
invited to say yes. 
cab, Blink. Gee, your nerves are as 
steady as gelatin.” ; . 


They were veering through the erowas - 


and out into the’ soft flurry of the storm. 


, the. tracks. 


‘they'll land me, -The game as well as the 
_- name ain’t all poetry, let me.tell you that.” 
T's. ‘because , we ‘chow you too. well, 


Marj. . Knew you when you had two. 
black pigtails and used to carry a. bucket 


Watch. out there, that - 


- Flakes like pulled out bits of cotton float- 


ed to their shoulders, resting there. Sev- 
enth avenue, for the instant before the eye 


left the great Greek facade of the Grand. 
Union station, was like a dream of Athens. 


seen through the dapple of white shadows. 
Immediately the eye veered, however, the 
great cosmopolis formed by street meet- 
ing avenue tore down the iliusion. Another 
block and second-hand clothing shops 
‘nudged one another, their flapping wares 
for sale outside them like clothes wash on 
a line, empty arms and legs gallivanting 
in the wind. A storm car combed through 
the driven snow, scutthng .i and clearing 
Down another block the hot 
spicy smell of a Mexican dish floated out 
between the swinging doors oi an all-night 
bar. Auman lurched out, laughing and cry- 
ing. : 

Marjorie Clark’s companion steered her 
past and turned toward her his twitching 
features, suddenly, and even through their 
looseness, softened. 

“Poor kiddo,” he said, “just send them 
to me for reference. I can do some tall 
vouching for you.” 

- “Phe way Tt feel lately somsakionae: hon- 
est, I think if I get to getting the indigoes 
. there’s no teHing* where 


Fhrough ‘the fall of mild snow he could 


-see-her: faee shining out. darkly, and _his 


bare, eager fingers . moved. toward her 


arm, and except when the-spasmodic twitch 


locked his features, his face, too, was 


- thrust forward; keen and close to hers. 


“ve been telling you that for five 
years, girl.’ y 

“Now, ™ don’t go getting me 
Blink.” | 

“If I was what the law calls a free 
man, Marj, you know what kind of a propo- 
sition 1 would have put up to you five 
years ago when I had my health and my 
looks and—"” 

“If you want ‘to make me sore, just 
tune up on that old song. You ain't man 
enough to even get your own little kid out 
of the clutches of a mother that’s pulling 
her down to hades with her. Take it from 
me; if there wasn’t something in me that’s 
just sorry for you, I wouldn’t walk these 
here blocks with’ you. Sometimes when I 
look at you right hard, Blink, honest, it 


wrong, 


‘looks to me like the coke’ s got you, Blink.” 


“Now, ._Marjie—”* 
“You wouldn't tell me-if it had. But 


- you got the twitches ‘all righty.” 


“It's me nerves,, Mars; m2 nerves and 
you. ” 

“Bah; you got about as much back- 
bone as a jelly fish. Blaming things on a 
girl.” 

“You took the backbone out of me, 1 
tell you.” . 

“@h; no, I didn’t: it’s been missing 
since your -first birthday. = 

“Rating out my heart and vitals for 
you and your confounded highfalutin amen 
notions.” = 

“Before you ever clappec eyes on ‘me 
you was more famous for your. arm mus- 
cles than your backbone. I -T don’t 
remember how your own mother told me 
the very day before she died how she tried 


on her old knees to keep you out of a mar- © 


riage with that woman. All that happen- 
ec way back in the days when you had 
your muscles and was head: rubber-down 
at Herschey’s. You knew: her kind when 
you did it, and now why ain't you man 
enough to blame yourself for what you 
are instead of blaming a girl.’ Gee!” 


DIDN’T mean it, Marj. It slipped. 


66 

I S’help me, I didn’t. Sometimes I just 
don’t know what I'm saying, Marj; that’s 
how my mind kinda gets sometimes. All 
> gzed over like.” 

“What’s the odds who you Say, Blink? 
You're just not man-size, I guess.” 

She was a bleak little figure bowing 
into the wind, her tibbet flapping back 
over one shoulder. 

“I ain’t, ain’t 1? I ain’t gone through 
a living heil sitting on the water wagon 
for you, have I?” 

“Fry to keep from twitching that way, 
Blank; you give me the horrors.” 

“I ain’t cut out playing stakes, have I? 
Gad, I can live from Sunday to Sunday 
on a pick-up from a little gamble here and 
a little gample there. But when you hol- 
lered, I didn’t cut it and begin to work up 
muscle to get back on the job again, did 
1? I didn’t, dii I?” 

“You can’t vump that into. me, Blink.” 

His voice narrowed to a nasal quality. 

“I didn’t send her and the kid a whole 
Christmas box like’ you wanted me to, did 
1? I didn’t stick a brand-new fiver in the 
black silk dress pattern, knowing all the 
while she’d have it drunk up before she 
opened the creases out. I didn’t, did 1?” 

They were approaching a convergence 


_ of the two great-avenues. The snowfall 


had lightened. Marjorie Clark let her 
gaze rest for the moment upon her com- 
panion and -her voice seemed suddenly to 


“nestle deep in her throat. 


“Gee, Blink, if I thought any of the— 


the uplift stuff I've tried to pump inte you - 


had seeped in. Gee, if I cou.:: think that, 


Bunk!” 


Tears lay close to the surface of her “ 


words and his lean face was thrust further 
forward in affirmation. 

“It has, Marj, All I got to do is to 
think of you and those big black eyes of 
yours shining, and. I could leat 2 water . 


wagon parade.” 


“ “It’s the habits, Blink,-you tert wateh - 
For a‘ minute tonight yeu looked 
like- coke. and—and: it seared me. Dor't. 


nest. 


‘meal tickets we tossed. Come, girl, 


through a canyon, 


-stemiess glasses. 


- Sunday, January 8, 1922 


let the coke get you, Blink; for God’s sake, 


don’ 
sent her a fiver, Marj, and a black 

silk, and a doll with real hair for the kid, - 
Y ‘oughtta seen, Marj, real hair on it.” 

“That was fine, Blink. Fine!” 

“Where you going? Aw, come, Marj, 
for the love of Mike; you're not going.” 

“Yes, yes, 1 got to go. This is Twenty- 


’ ninth street, my corner. ‘‘hat’s where I 


room; that fourth house to the right. That 
dark one. I got to go.” 

“Where?” 

“Where do you s’pose? Home. ™ 

“What's doin’ there?” 

“N-nothing.” 

“Whatta you going to do Christmas 
eve? Sit in your two by-four and twiddle. 
your thumbs?” 

Immediate sobs rose to her throat. 

“Lord,” she said, “I dunno! I dunno!” 

He set up the jangting again. 

“It’s Christmas eve, Marj.” 

“That’s right, rub it in,” and she look-. 
ed away from him. 

“Come, Marj, don’t leave me high sak 


-dry like this. C lll blow you to a 
‘little supper, dda, got a couple of meal 


tickets coming to me down at Harry’s 
on some ivories' I threw last night.” 

“Dice! And after the line of talk you 
just tried- to make me swallow. Did I be- 
lieve it? I did not.” 

“No stakes, Marj. Just. for a couple of 
you 
ain't- been down to Hafry’s for months; 
you won’t get your halo mussed from one 
time... -It’s Christmas eve, Marj.” 

“T heard you the first time.”  ~ 

“If I got to go it alone tonight, Marj, 
it’ll be the wettest Christmas I ever spent, 
it will, Pll pickle this Christmas eve like 
it yas. neyer pickled before, I will.” 

‘Aren’t you no man at all, threatening 
like that? Just no man at all?” 

-» “I tell you if I got to go it alone to- 
night, I won’t be. I'm crazy enough to tear 
things wide open.” 


Tt} LINE of talk like that will send me 

» home quicker than anything, if you 
want to know it.” She turned her face 
away and toward the dark aisle of the side 
street. 

“I didn’t mean it, Marj.” 

“] hate whining.” 

“Don’t go, girl. Don’t. Don’t give me 
the horrors and leave me alone tonight, 
Marj.” 

She moved slowly into the gloom of the 
crosstown street. Solemn rows of bilank- 
faced houses flanked it. Wind slewed as 
whistling in a high 
pitch. 

“Gee!” 

“Fine little joy lane for your Christmas 
eve, eh? Don’t go, Marj. Have a heart and 
be a sport. Let me blow you to a supper 


‘down at Harry’s for old times’ sake. Didn't 


you promise my old woman to keep an eye 
on me? Didn't you? For old times’ sake, 
Marj! It’s Christmas.” 
She stood shivering and gazing cown 
into the black throat of the street. 
“thn be a merry evening in that two 


“by four of yours, won't it? Look at it down 


there; cheerful, ain’t it?” 

Tears formed in a glaze cver her eyes. 

“Be. a sport, Marj.” 

“All right—Blink!” . 

At the family entrance to Harry’s place, 
and just around the corner from the main 
entrance of knee-high swinging doors and 
a broadside of trosted plate glass front, a 
bead of gas burned sullenly through a red 
globe, winking, so to speak, at all who 
would enter there under cove: of its murk. 

Women with faces the fatty white of 
jade, and lips that might have kissed 
biood, slipped from the dark tide of the 
side .street into the entrance. Furtive 
couples rose out of the night; the men, 
lean as lathes, collars turned up and caps 
drawn down; girls some with red lights 
and some with no lights in their eyes, and 
most of them with chalk colored powder 
laid on-o¥er the golden pollen of youth. 

Within Harry’s place, Christmas found 
littie enough berth except that above the 
great soaped-over mirror at the far end 
of the room a holly wreath dangled from 
the tarnished gilt frame and against the 
clouded-over glass a forefinger had etched 
a careless Merry Christmas. 

At tables set so close that waiters side- 
stepped between them, the habitues of 
Harry’s place dined—wined, too, but most- 
ly out of uncovered steins or twe-ineh 
And here and there at . 
smaller tables a solitary figure -with. a 
— 's Hight in his eyes sipped his greenish 

An electric piano, its shallow tones un- 
digested by the crowded room, played in 
response to whomsoever slipped a coin 
into its maw. Kicked-up sawdust lay in 
the air like flakes. ; 

From her table near the door Miss 
Marjorie Clark pushed from her a litter 
of half-tasted dishes and sent her dark - 
glance out over the room. A few pairs of 
too sinuous dancers circled a small clear- 
ing around the electric piano. Waiters 
with fans of foam-drifting steins clutched . 
between fingers, jostled them in passing. — 
At a small table adjoining, a girl slept in 
her arms: ‘Two more entered elbow in «lk . 
bow, and. directly a youth in . wide-striped 


- wool sweater muffled high to his teeth © 


and features that in spite of himself would — 
twitch and twitch again. | 
“ne Bling,” he said in passing. 
“Hi. bad 
Reader, your heart lifted up and glew- ° 
ing with* Yuletide anégood ‘wilt toward § 


- (Concluded on Page 18.) 


- Learend - m1 a a + Se ee ee 
an te et Rar a Sg tN Ne RN IRN EERSTE OF ee, apg areal Stone 
ema x f "> ~ a . . 


~ 


7 


(HE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE Page Seven 


Sunday, January 8, 1922 


Where the Snowbanks Make the Sport | 
Old Quebec Planning for Gay Season of Skating, Sleighing, Skiing and Other Northern Winter Pastimes. 
Babies Up There Cry for Skiis—A Winter Carnival, 


‘ 


=—« HILE outdoor people in Atlanta 
are driving and putting over 
golf courses in the cool, tangy 
air of a-north Georgia winter, 
it's different up in Canada. 
While Atlantans in the eve- 
ning are attending dances in 
steam-heated halls, the people 
of Quebec and hundreds of visitors to that 
-eity are on. skating parties, sleighing 
parties and such. 

To southerners, the story of the win- 
ter sports in Canada is a story. of almost 
another world. 

Against the white mantle of snow that 
drapes town and country-side, stand out 
vividly the bright hued sports costumes 
of throngs of winter sport devotees fol- 
lowing each his or her favorite sport. The 
Quebec child learns to ski or use snow 
shoes almost as soon as he learns to 
walk. They say Quebec babies cry for 
skiis. By the time they are ten or twelve 
they are experts at every sort of winter 
sports and this accomplishment is never 
allowed to languish. This accounts for 
the city-wide interest in Quebec’s winter 
carnival, a spirit that is felt and appre- 


ciated by visitors. 

i atbraae: TERRACE, Quebec's in- 
— comparable promenade, hanging from 
the edge of the -cliff' two hundred feet 
above the little homes and. shops of. lower 
town along the St. Lawrence river, is a 
winter, playground par excellence and is 
in hourly requisition for merry-making 
‘as long as the snow permits. — | 

It is confidently anticipated that the 
season of 1921-1922 will outdo in pbril- 
lianece and atten@ance that of any former 
season. The toboggan slide, a huge triple- 
track affair, is set up again. It furnishes 
the thrill of thrills by a steep drop down 
Citadel Hill, one hundred feet above the 
Straight-away flight along Dufferin Ter- 
race—fifteeen hundred feet— to land you 
breathless against a huge snow bunker 
or shoots you right over it for a lovely 
spill in the soft snow’ beyond. 

Chateau Frontenac is practically one 
with the terrace and is the rallying cen- 
ter for winter sports parti¢fpants, The 
management has converted the palm 
room into a curling rink from which the 
swirl of “stanes,” the swish of brooms 
and excited exhortations issue at all 
hours. A bonspiel week is scheduled for 
February and visiting teams will attempt 


that the traditional 
stenes are superior to the heavier. iron 


to prove granite 
ones to which the country old Quebec 
Curling club pins its faith and by which 
it has won a formidable reputation. 


A ieee outside the chateau a fine skating 


rink has been built. 
with warm dressing rooms, 


It is equipped 
Here plain 


_ and fancy ‘skating, ice dancing, skating 


races and dancing in moccasins will pro- 
vide sport for skaters and pleasure for 
onlookers, 

A ski-jump.has been built from the 


Shoulder of ‘Citadel Hill and a profes- — 


sional jumper, C. B. Vasesha, for several 


seasons at Lake Placid; has been engaged - 


by the hotel management to act as in- 
structor to such of its guests as may de- 
sire to Jearn how to ski. Jumping con- 
‘tests will occur from time to time and 
‘some famous ski-jumpers are expected to 
participate in them. 
dent that he will be able to better his 
jumping record on this Quebec ski-jump. 

Ski-joring 1s skiing without effort. 
You and your fellow skiers grasp’ long 
reins attached to the collar of a sturdy, 
patient horse and standing on your.long 
runners, are drawn swiftly over the 
snow. It looks easy, but it requires skill 
to maintain one’s balance and a spill 
means an awful tangle—that’s when the 
horse’s patience is appreciated. 

Visitors “to Quebec during the next 
two months will. find-that: city a lively 
place and need not experience a dull mo- 
ment. One has but to look out of the 
many windows of the turreted Chateau 
Frontenac to behold animated ecenes of 
interest. Night and day jolly crowds con- 
gregate upon the*terrace to watch the 


Vasesha is confi- - 


toboggans flash by. with -their laughing, 
shouting burdens, or to wager on the 
tilting matches between members of 
snow-shoe clibs, who mounted upon the 
Shoulders of other sturdy members, at- 
tempt to dislodge each other by means 
of long poles.: Again snow shoe clubs 
will be participating in racing events. 


NE to leok at a person shod with 


clumsy racquettes, racing would be 
the last thing he'd be expected to at- 


tempt. -However, the seemingly impos- 


sible is accomplished and very exciting — 


races. are run on the~-snow track laid 
alongside the toboggan sHde on ‘the ter- 
race. Here, too, the clubs start and end 
their torch-light parades which are fas- 
cinating and spectacular affafrs. . Hun- 
dreds of gaily clad members march’ up 
and down the winding, hilly -streets of 
Québec, each club chanting its own bat- 
tlé song. “Le Zouave” men chant to an 
old tune a chanson of endless verses with 
this ringing chorus: 


Hourra! hourra! 


Les Zouaves, Hourra! hourra! 


“Le Zouaves, 


Les Zouaves, les Zouaves Sont la! 
Hourra! hourra! hourra! 

Les Zouaves! Les Zouaves! 
Hourra! hourra! hourra! 

Les Zouaves sont la; 

Les Zouaves, les Zouaves Sont Ia!” 


The author must have provided’ a 
verse for every hill that is climbed dur- 
ing the parade. One marvels that the 
marchers have breath sufficient to 
mount the hills and for the vociferous 


- may be outside. 


Pad 


RSE: 


ae 
* 


shouting of the interminable chanson. 

Hockey will be featured prominently 
this season in Quebec and the manages 
ment of the Chateau Frontenac is of- 
fering a fine challenge .trophy for the 
amateur championship of-the city. 

Jolly parties of skiers or snow shoers 
may be seen every day starting for cross 
country hikes and the absence of skirts 
among the hikers, a large percentage of 
whom are young women,.drives home 
the fact that women’s Wwar-won privilege 
of wearing breeches has made that erste 
while masculine garment; an indispensa- 
ble adjunct of the wardrobe of every 
athletically inclined girl ‘and’ woman. 


UNIQUE innovation will be added to 

A Quebec’s roster of winter sports this 
season. A famous dog train is being 
brought from the far north and visitors 
at the chateau may enjoy the novel ex- 
perience of riding in a genuine flat-bote 
tomed sledge drawn by dogs who have 
won fame by mushing across the north<« 
ern snow fields. ee Ae 
Billiards, indoor golf and dancing aré 
indoor sports at the chateau that insure 
recreation no matter what the weather 
: There are also delight- 
ful sleigh rides that carry you to the 


- tinkle, tinkle of bells, ap and down the 


picturesque streets of Quebec and give 


you delightful peeps down the narrow 
streets whose poverty. or possible squalor 


have been transformed by coverings of 
snow and fringes of gleaming iciclés into 
vistas of beauty. You may also drive 
through miles-long, high-banked. walls of 
snow down country roads to picturesque 
little. villages or to Kent hous¢, the 
rendezvous of Quebec society, for tea 
and crumpets and dancing »before the 
roaring open fire. This being Quebec 
and Quebec laws being what they are, you 
are not constrained to drink tea. 
Canadians, -particularly Quebecers, 
make capital of their winters, The dry, 
even, bracing cold is perfectly adapted 
for sports and the-hours spent in playing 
out of doors in the brilliant sunshine or 
in the pale glow of a northern moon, 
sends you to bed throbbing with a feel- 
ing of physical fitness, ‘puch -as°no other 
sport can “generate. Visitors dre often 
surprised that they can remain in the 
open for long hours when the mercury Is 


far down the tube, and experience n6 
discomfort or evil efter effects. . 


ee Oe ee ee ae Oy eo are oe RE A tt Bah uO” ON op a" 


Bia Sagar ala PURE tye ss. ay. 


“~ & © @ “~—~—e oe ~~ <« i 


THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINL Sunday, January 8, 1922 


F—Written From the Personal Papers 


Page Eight 


THE PEA 


American Principles and Program Regarding Disarmament at Paris—W hat Wilson Said and Did—How the 
American Ideas Were Received in the Council. 


The Struggle for the pag corns of Armaments 


WHAT THE FORMER ~ of all vf them to guarantee the safety ternational : and the delegates 


BY RAY STANNARD BAKER, 


~ rest. 


Designated for This Work by the Former 


President. " 


CHAPTER Hii. 


FULL disclosure of exactly what 

was said and done at Paris, 

taken from private documents 

| and minutes of secret meetings, 

will furnish an incomparably 

valuable basis of experience for 

present and future discussions 

of the problem of disarmament. 

France stands for the same things that 
she stood for at Paris; for she is France; 
az.d her position is inexorably dictated by 
her national interests and fears. So it is 
with the British empire and Japan and 
Italy. So it is with America. So it is 
with any leaders, whether they be the 
same who were at Paris or others who- 


may appear to represent national fmter- seg 
essential # ~~ 
problem connected with military power 


ests and aspirations. Every 


and military armament; the policy of con- 
scription, size of armies and navies, and 
the principles of limitation, problems of 
communication and blockade, the use of 


‘ the new instramentalities of war, such as 


airplanes, wireless telegraphs, poison 


gases, submarines, were all fully discussed 


at Paris. We know definitely not only 
what each leader of the great five said, 
but what, under pressure, he did, which 
is more important. The record reveals, 
as nothing else could, the difficulties, the 


dangers, the possibilities and impossibili- 


ties of meeting this problem. 

If the great war represented a clash of 
the greatest material forces of the age, 
the peace conference which followed it 
represented an equally vital clash of its 
greatest ideas. 

And no single idea moved forward into 
the battle line at Paris had harder fight- 
ing, resisted sterner attacks, surmounted 
more tntanglements, suffered greater 
losses, and yet somehow heki its pesition, 
than the idea of world reduction in mili- 
tary armaments. y 
WILSON’S FOURTH 
PEACE POINT. . 


[7 WAS one of the ideas or principles 
which the Americans brought with them 
to Paris. It had been clearly set forth by 
the American leader, President Wilson, as 
one of the forma] bases of the coming 
peace. It was the fourth point of the four- 
teen; and at the armistice it has been “ac- 
cepted in principle,” as the diplomats say, 
by all the belligerent nations—friends and 
enemies alike. All that it seemed neces- 
sary now to do was to move forward and 
occupy the new position. No one at the 
time realized the treacherous ground that 
had yet to be fought over’ 

In itself, the idea of preventing men 
from fighting by removing the implements 


eres e MEANT. 


ERE is the plank in the platform upon 

which rested all the controversy at 
Paris. it is important, therefore, to un- 
derstand just what it means. 

Most of the advocates of disarmament 
in the past ‘have cautiously avoided trying 
to set up a standard of armament for tite 
world; they have contented themselves 
with proposals to cut away a certain num- 
ber of battleshtps andthe outlawing of 
certain new weapons or devices. 
bowmen and swor en of a few centuries 
ago gunpowder was a violation of the laws 
of war! But in point four, President Wil- 
son boldly grapples with the two funda- 


_ mental problems of armament: 


First, what shall be the true function 
and statidard of national armament? Sec- 


of war is as ancient, probably, as the stone .@ 


age. It had been the vision of many a 
into plowshares—and the program of 
many a statesman. Before the great war 
British leaders sought an agreement with 
Germany for a “naval holiday;” it was 
one of the ideals of The Hague peace con- 
ference—to be dismissed with pious reso- 
lutions. 

When President Wilson began to think 
about the peace as the vital conrera of 
America, he saw clearly that the limita- 
tion of armaments must form one of the 
pillars upon which a just settlement must 
We did not enter the war until April. 
1917, but three months before we find the 
president, in an address (to the United 
States senate, January 22, 1917), which I 
neard a French editor call ‘“‘Wilson’s great- 
est utterance,’ laying down this i¢ea as 
one of the “essentia) principles of an en- 
during peace.” Here are his words: 


“ . . The question of limiting naval 


armaments opens the wide and perhaps - 


more difficult question sf the limitation 
of armies and of all programs of military 
preparation . . . There can be no sense 
of safety and equality among the nations 
if great proponderating armaments dre 
henceforth to continue here and there to 
be built up and maintained. The states- 
men of the world must plan for peace and 
nations must adjust and accommodate 
their policy to it as they have planned for 
war and made ready for pitiless conquest 
and rivalry. The question of armaments, 
whether on land or sea, is the most im- 
mediately and intensely practical question 
connected with the future fortunes of na- 
tions and of mankind.” 

A year later in January, 1918, when, 
after mach thought and discussion, he 
came finally to outline his complete pro- 
gram for the coming settlement, he set 
forth the~ priseiple,- reduced to its naked 
elements, as point four of the fourteen: 

“Adequate guarantees given and taken 
that national armaments will be reduced 
to the lowest point consistent with do- 
mestic safety.” 

. 


prophet—Solomou was for beating swords ~ st 


Se Sp a Senge iene he eee 
. ie sae. a 
. ee 5 A SESS 


aa isis shall the peace a Pe: of 
nations be assured without *great pre- 
ponderating armaments?” 


There are thus two main eas ex- 
pressed in point four: 


(1). That armaments “will be reduced 
to the howest point consistent with do- 
mestic safety.”’ Domestic safety was to be 
the standard, and “domestic” was the 
very firet word pounced upon by the critics 
at Paris, who considered that it meant 
the reduction of the armies and névies 
of the future to a position of mere na- 
tional or international police. It set ther 
a-shiver, for it seemed a blow at their 
safety; and, indeed, without the other prin- 
ciple set forth in point four, it was a 
chimera. This principle was: 


(2). “Adequate guarantees given and 
taken” that this standard will be main- 
tained throughout the vyorld. In short, 
there must be a new and adequate cé-oper- 
ation among the nations, so strong as to 
obviate the necessity of armaments for 
any other purpose than to insure domestic 
or international safety. The whole idea 
of a Jeagug of nations with mutual guar- 
antees is implicit in this phrase. For if 
there is a league of nations strong enough 
to guarantee international peace what 
need is thére of national armaments for 
any other purpose than to preserve do- 
mestic safety? 

President Wilson drew the inspiration 
for point four, as he drew most of his in- 
spirations, from the principles and prac- 
tices of America. Here with forty-eight 
states in a union. No state needed to 
maintain more than a militia to preserve 
domestic order, for there was a union 


To stout - 


ROME 


of each. He was applying the American 
idea to thé world. 

He said in his second inaugural address, 
just before America entered the war 
(March 5,. 1917): 

. . « We shall be the more American 
if we but remain true to the principles in 
which we have bcen bred. . . . We have 
known and boasted all along thdt they 
were the principles of a liberated mankind. 
These, therefore, are the things we shall 
stand for, whether in war or in peace... . 

“That national armaments should be 
limited to the necessities of national or- 
der and domestic safety.” 


THE ‘DEVELOPMENT 


‘OF THE PRINCIPLE. 


UCH was the status of the principle at 
the time of the armistice in November, 


are directed to formulate at once plans 
by which such a reduction may be brought 
about. The plan so formulated shall be 
binding when, and only when, unanimous- 


' ly approved by the governments signa- 


tory to this covenant. 

As the basis for such a reduction of 
armaments, all the powers subscribing to 
the treaty of peace of which this covenant 
constitutes a part, hereby agree to abol- 
ish conscription and all other forms of 
compulsory military service, and also agree 
that their future forces of defense and of 
international action shall consist of mili- 
tia or volunteers, whose numbers and 
methods of training shall be fixed, after 
expert inquiry, by the agreements with 
_regard to the reduction of armaments re- 
ferred to in the last peceding paragraph. 

The body of delegates shall also de- 
termine for the consideration and action 


& of the several governments what direct 


=. military equipment and armament is fair 
be and reasonable in preportion to the scale 
= of forces laid down im the program of 


2 disarmament; 


and these limits, when 


- ™ adopted, shall not be exceeded without 
“2 the permission of the body of delegates. 


The contracting powers further agree 


=. that munitions and implements of war 
2 Shall not be manufactured by private en- 
#. terprise or for private profit, and that 
@e. there ‘shall be full and trankx publicity as 
gee tO all national armaments and military 
‘= or naval programs. — 


= NEW IDEAS 
| * OF ARMAMENT. 


INCE this was the concrete American 
program for limitation of armaments 


e proposed at Paris and since the discus- 
*# sions centered around it during the long 


sessions both of the councils’of ten and 


* of four and the commission on the . 


league of nations, it is most important to 


iS know exactly what were the concrete ideas 
# kere advanced. They were six in sum- 
* ber: 


1. Armaments were to be used for only 
two purposes; first to preserve “domestic 


Pe , safety” within the nations and, second, to 


Above: General Tasker H. 
Bliss, one of the American peace 
commussioners, who fouglit stub- 
bornly for disarmament. 


- Left: Arthur Baifour, who 


represented Great Brifain at the - 


Faris conference, 


1918, where it was accepted in a 
moment of exaltation and fear vy 
the whole world as one of the 
bases of the peace. 


But the president, who had be2n 
thinking hard upon the problem— 
especially during the long, quiet 
sea voyage on the George Wash- 
ingt6n to Europe—was to develop 
the principle more specifically be- 
fore the peace conference actually 
met in January, 1919. He had be- 
gun now to consider the applica- 
tion of the principle to the actual 
problems that might arise. 


it was early in January that the presi- 
dent completed his first draft of the league 
of nations covenant. He was then living i 
the hotel of Prince Murat, placed at his 
disposal by the French government, a 
much more pretentious residence than he 
had when he returned to Paris in March 
after his visit home. It was so grand that 
when the King of italy visited him there 


~ he looked about amd remarked in English: 


“Good Lord! I can’t give you anything 
like this in Italy!” 


“The president wrote. this first draft 
of the covenant on his 
the typewriter which he had always had 
at his elbow and sometimes used, te the 
amazement of his colleagues, auring ses-, 
sions of the council of four. He had the 
document then secretly printed, upon 
white paper, 9x11 1-2 inches in size, bear- 
ing on the cover the single word ‘Coven- 
ant.’ It contained his original thirteen 
articles and six ‘supplementary agree- 
ments.’ This he sent to a number of mem- 
bers of the American delegation. In Ar- 
ticle 4 of this original covenant he de- 
velops his plan for limitation of arma- 
ments. This whole article is here repro- 
duced because it sets forth fully the origi- 
nal ideas of Mr. Wilson which may be com- 
pared with the final wording in the treaty. 
The very first sentence practically repeats 
the language of point four of the fourteen 
points: 


The contracting powers recognize the 
principle that the estabiishment and main- 
temante of peace will require the reduc- 
tien of national armaments to the lowest 
point consistent with domestic safety, and 
the enforcement by common action of in- 


\ 


wn typewriter; . 


” meet thé requirement of maintaining in- 
ternational order by force if any member 
of the family of nations refused to respect 
the general laws and decisions. 

2. Nothing. definite could be accom- 
plished immediately; only principles could 
be laid down to be worked out iater by 
another body (an organ of the league) 
after the settlement of the peace. 

3. Disarthament must entail the com- 
plete .abolition of compulsory military 
service (a deep-rooted Anglo-Saxon aver- 
sion). 

4. Manufacture of munitions by pri- 
vate enterprise or for private profit must 
be abolished. 

5. Publicity would take care of any pos- 
sible departure from the schedules of 
armament finally agreed upon. 

6. There must be unanimous agreement 
by the - “governments signatory to this 
covenant.” 

It is a remarkable fact, which | shall 
develop later, that the president's “im- 
practical ideal” of limitation of armament 
as here set forth was almost literally ap- 
pled by the peace commissioners at Paris 
to Germany. Her armament was reduced 
strictly to the standard of “domestic 
safety,” with the accompanying implica- 
tion that under the treaty she would be 
protected by “adequate guarantees” from 
foreign aggression. Bit when the allied 
nations tried to apply the same principles 
to themselves we shall see what happened! 
They treated their enemy, so far as bur- 
densome and costly armaments were con- 
ceyned, better than they treated them- 
selves. 

A strong supporter of the president in 
his original proposal was the military 
member of the American commission, Gen- 
eral Tasker H. Bliss. While a member of 
the supreme war council, before the armi- . 
stice, he had agreed for the disarmament 
of Germany to the limit of “such forces 
as were necoded for the maintenance of 
order,” but he coupled this proposal for 
stern reduction—just as the president did 
—with the idea of a guarantee of safety 
from external aggression. He saw clearly 
that one was not permanently attainable 
without the other. During the transition 
period, while Kurope was still disturbed, 
he proposed that “the powers should guar- 
antee the neutrality of Germany, as she 
had guaranteed that of Belgium.” After- 
ward, when Germany came into the league 
of nations, her external safety would, of 
course, oe strengthened by the common 
guarantee of all nations. 


BLISS’ HARD WORK 
' FOR DISARMAMENT. 
REMEMBER the surprised remark of 
a Frenchman regarding General Bliss: 
That it seemed strange that so great a 
soldier should also be so strong an advo- 
cate of military disarmament. But the 
fact was that General Bliss was first of 


Sunday, January 8, 1922 


all an American and after that a soldier. 


He was one of the best trusted men at 
Paris, and the president relied heavily 
upon his advice, aot only in military, but 
often in other matters. -n conferences he 
was the very personification of the gruff, 
silent, honest soldier. He was a strongly 
built man, not tall, and just a —ittle stoop- 
ing at the shoulders. Nature intended him 
to be a hairy man, gave him thick eye- 
brows and bristling mustache, and then 
changed its mind and made him bald—an 
extreme shiny baidness, except for a 
bristling fringe of hair at the back and 
sides of his head. His deep-set eyes ap- 
pear at first ratber sleepy, but when he 
warms up they open wide and glow with 
feeling. He is an intensely shy man, hating 
publicity above everything, asks profanely 
why the ideas are not enough witbkout 
having te tag them with a name—his name 
above all! He has been a hard student 
ail his life. Years ago, when I first met 
him on a voyage to Panama, he was en- 
gaged day after day in investigating tables 
of experiments relating to army rationing. 
and at Paris no member of the delegation 
spent more time in the study of the funda- 
mental problems which underlay the issues 
raised. : 

No man there believed more strongly 


in radical disarmament and the need for 
a league of nations than this old soldier 
with the four stars on his collar. It was 
with him a kind of spiritual attitude in 
which a new organization of nations, with 
«a will to disarm, seemed as utterly rea- 
sonable, necessary and practical as it 
seemed unattainable, absurd, unreal to 
those who could not escape the ancient 
ideas. But a league of nations all of which 
were armed to the teeth he did not believe 
in. Indeed, one wonders if there can be 
any realization of the new ideas, the “new 
order,” without this radical change of at- 
titude—and that seems now a long way off. 
So Géneral Bliss felt it and predicted 
more than once that if the problem of 
disarmament were not immediately and 
courageously faced the great war might 
prove only the first four years of a new 
thirty years’ war. 

We now come to the actual opening 
of the peace conference where the prin- 
ciples proposed by America, and accepted 
at the armistice as the basis of the peace, 
were to be put to stern tests. 


FIRST DISCUSSION 
AT PARIS. 


HE first reference to the subject was 

on January 21, nine days after the 
conference first met, and at the close of 
a discussion in the council of ten on what 
to do with the Russians, which had veered 
to the president’s proposal to take imme- 
diate steps to organize a league of na- 
tions. It was then that Mr. Balfour, Brit- 
ish minister of foreign affairs, who, with 
Liloyd-George, were the <dritish delegates 
in the council of ten, said he thought that 
inasmuch as a committee was now to be 
formed to consider the league of nations 
that another committee should at once 
consider the problem of military disarma- 
ment. 

“If the league of nations is to be prac- 
tical,” he said {secret minutes, January 
21), “the delegates must make up their 
minds as soon as possible regarding the 
question of disarmament. It is most im- 
portant to come to some. agreement as to 
what arms Germany shall have. It is evi- 
dent that a league of nations will be a 
sham if there is no disarmament.” 


In this very first reference there be- 
gins to appear the two-fold nature of the 
problem of disarmament, which continued 
throughout the conference. Here were 
two questions: First, the program of gen- 
eral disarmament of ali nations bound up 
with the league of nations in which the 
Americans were chiefly interested; sec- 
ond, the immediate disarmament of Ger- 
many, in which the allies were chiefly 
concerned. In the first the conferees must 
consider their own ultimate disarmament. 
in the second the disarmament of the 
enemy—vastly different problems. 


l have commented elsewhere.upon the 
extraordinary efficiency, due to long train- 
ing, of the British and French foreign 
offices. They always had a plan ready; 
and even if the basic idea came, as did 
that of the Mmitation of armaments, from 
Americans, the resolution which placed it 
before the council was often the proudest 
of these experienced diplomats. There is, 
obviously, a great advantage in this, as 
these experienced negotiators well knew, 
for a plan tends to shape the views of 
every one present and piace other con- 
ferees in the position of critics. Two 
days later, on January 23, when M. Clem- 
enceau again raised the problem of .dis- 
armament. Mr. Lioyd-George was ready 
with a draft of resolutions, in which the 
special and immediate problem of the 
disarmament of Germany is given first 
place. 

That a commisst~ ‘%e appointed with 
two representatives apiece from each of 
the five powers, and five represen- 
tatives to be elected by the other powers 
represented at the conference: 


= . e- . oe > 
— 


a 


—— ee ae ee } ne ° ° 
ee data ty ile el A lle a ae i a Ait ALE a Aa Cage EE i TOL A LD ecw sae ew Om ee a 
< > 


_ THE SUNDAY-CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


and Under Direction of WOODROW WILSO 


General Tasker H. Bliss, One of the A merican Peace -Commissioners, Made Great Effort for Disarmament. 
President Wr ote First Draft of Covenant on Own Typewriter. | 


1. To advise on an immediate and dras- 
tic reduction in the armed forces of the 
enemy. 

2. To prepare a pian in connection with 
the league of nations for a permanent re- 
duction in the burden of military, naval 
and aerial forces and armaments. 
LLOYD-GEORGE SUPPORTS 
THE PLAN. 

Throughout thé conference, whenever 
Mr. Lioyd-George presented a resolution, 


‘he was immediately on his feet with a. 


glowing address in support of it. So tt 
was now. He called attention to the fact 
that the draft contained two distinct pro- 
posals, but beyond this reference he gave 
his .entire attention to the first—the dis- 
armament of Germany. Here is what he 
said, as set forth in the secret minutes: 


“A decision on this point was, for 
Great Britain, a matter of very grave mo- 
ment. Unless the enemy’s forces were 
immediately reduced, the British govern- 
ment might be forced to maintain com- 
pulsory service. He did not know what 


might be the political result of such a. 


decision. . . He would, therefore, urge 
tifat the first clause Im the draft be pro- 
ceeded with at once. The second could 
be reserved for a future date.” 

This is a significant speech; as was also 
that of M. Clemenceau which followed it, 
proposing that Marshal Foch be summoned 
at onee to discuss methods of disarming 
Germany. Here were expressed the im- 
mediate and burning issues that. cried for 


—_ 


tics—to which Lloyd<George was ever pe- 
culiarly susceptible. He was always 
thinking, as he here phrases it, “what 
might. be the political result of such a 
decision.” It was so easy to “proceed at 
once” with questions of immediate inter- 
est; so easy to reserve the general prin- 
ciples “for a future date.” No one is to 
be censured for this; it was inevitable; it 
grew out of the situation, but it must be 
clearly noted in order to understand what 
happened at Paris. It characterized near- 
ly every. discussion of the conference, and 
was, at its roots, the cause of every crisis 
—this mighty struggle between general 


‘principles and the program for a perma- 


nent settlement, as supported by the 
Americans, and the immediate necessities, 
interests and fears of the other allied na- 
tiens. In any future discussion of limiia- 
tion of armaments exactly the same divi- 
sion is sure to appear and i will require 
clearness of view and obstinacy of cour- 
age to maintain, among the confusion and 
dust of immediate and minor interests, 
any visiog whatsoever of the general and 
permanent good of the world. 


WILSON KEEPS UP 
THE FIGHT. 
neues WILSON saw the problem 


at Paris with penetrating clearness. 

He saw that the needs and fears of the 

allies, as exhibited in this problem of 

limitation of armaments, if often exag- 

gerated, had a real basis. Indeed, he was 

himself strongly,for the disarmament of 
; 


f 
THE BALKANS. 


— 


GARIAN LOYAI®Y FROM THEIR NATURAL :‘ 
ANCE. 


SETTLEMENT MUST OF COURSE BEGIR W1T 
EVACUATION OF RUMANIA. SERBIA. AND 
WECRO BY THE ARMIES OF THE CER 

AMD THE RESTORATION OF SERBIA ANE 


NEGRO. THE ULTIMATE RBELATIONSH 


Above: An original drafi 
showing Wilsen’s shorthand 
notes on the margin. This 
was done as the conferees 
sat at the Paris peace tabie. 

At right: Wilson’s league 
covenant showing revisions 
the former president made 
on his own typewriter and 
with his pen. 


=~, 


settiement as European leaders had to 
face them. Here was the prompt pro- 
posal, so readily made in the earlier days 
of the conference, particularly by the 
French, to call in the generals and make 
peace by military methods. Here also was 
the ion of the leaders with the 
effect of action at Paris om home polli- 


NO. JUST OR LASTING SETTLEMENT 
OF THE TANGLED PROBLEMS CONPRONTING 
THE DEEPLY WRONCED PEOPLES OF THE BAL-~ | 
KANS CAN BE BASED UPON THE ARBITRARY sa eee) 
TE Oe SOR. Se SERINE Se Bs 
A PRODUCT OF AM EVIL DIPLOMACY WHICH : : 
785 PEOPLES OF THE WORLD ARE NOW DETER- ? ee as gees 
eweD 10 END. THAT TREATY WRONCED EVERY 
NATION IN THE BALKANS, EVEN THOSE WHICH 


IT APPEARED TO FAVOR, BY IMPOSING UPOW 


IT DENIED TO SERBIA THAT ACCE 
70 THE SEA WHICH SHE MUST HAVE IN OR; 
COMPLETE HER INDEPENDENCE.- ANB-JU 


The Present Situation: Page thirty 


i nee 


ee OS 


5 


Sines 


ce 
. eae 
~_— a he oe 


. 


mae ke 
Tus ee 
Divert, Ye >. 


ee” 


THEM ALL THE PERMANENT MENACE OF WAR, IT um 3 ¢ f 
UNQUESTIONABLY TORE MEN AND WOMEN OF 5B 


Page Nine 


Germany, for he wislied to release at the 


Jost sight for a moment of his greater 
plan; his vision of a permanent peace 


a new basis of justice and interna- 
co-operation. .The more insistent 
demands for the consideration of im- 
interests upon the part of the 
leaders, the more determined his 


‘ stand for a corresponding recognition of 


t principles. So it was that on 

25, at the second plenary session 

the peace conference, he secured the 
of the resolution-——in some ways 
fateful action of the entire con- 
r everything else hung upon it 
the covenant of the league of na- 
tions an “integral. part of the. general 
treaty of peace.” . 
if the peace conference, as it was plain 
enough from the discussion of January 23, 


were to insist upon the immediate dis- 
armament of Germany, as provided in 
clause one of the resolutions, then he pro- 
posed to insist upon the equal importance 


a t home four days later, on Jan- 
okey 29, in commenting on a statement 
made by M. Dmowski, the chief delegate 
of Poland, before the council of ten. M. 
Dmowski had appeared with an eloquent 
and lengthy appeal which ran counter to 
the whole principle of disarmament. He 
not only had no thought of limiting Polish 


armaments, but he argued that Poland 


was in a position of great danger between 
Germany and Russia, and that it needed 
more armament, more military force, 
rather than less. Indeed, this was the in- 
sistent demand of the smali¢r nations 
throughout the conference. 


President Wilson thus put the logic of 
his position—which. contained, as before, 


the two mutually dependent proposails— 
disarmament to the point of “aomestic 
safety,” or, as he here expresses it, “po- 
lice purposes,” and the league of nations 
to guarantee external safety. If there was 
to be the one, there must be the other. 
The following is from the secret minutes, 
ecuncil of ten: 

WILSON—M. Dmowski had said that 
Poland must be a barrier between Russia 
and Germany. Did that mean a barrier 
based on armaments? Obviously not, be- 
cause Germany would be disarmed, and if 
Germany was disarmed Poland could not 


be allowed to arm, except for police pur-~ 


poses. To carry out such disarmament 
the necessary instramentality for superin- 
tendence would have to be set up. That 
was the gist of the question. Therefore, 
he would urge his colleagues to press on 
the drafting of the league of nations in a 
definite form. 


TWO BROAD STREAMS 

FOR DISARMAMENT. 

erste this time forward we find the 
problem of limitation of armaments 


proceeding in two broad, though often 
commingling, streams through the con- 
ference; each inevitably modifying and in- 


(Concluded on Page 1%) 


shat 7,20 


Se St 
er atlas TR - 


oO te 


~ 


a ee 


~, 


THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE. 


GRANGER TWIST OF THE GOOP OLP 
DAYS. A DANCE HALL i THOSE PAYS 
MADE A ROOM FULL OF MIOPERN JALI- 
HOUNMOS LOOK LIKE A FLOCK OF ANGELS 
DOING CALISTHENICS . 


SLANDERERS OF WE MODERN GiRl ACCUSE HER OF 
CHECKING HER CORSETS. WHAT IF SHE DOES co 
DUESNTA Ay ¢ CHECK HIS HAT WITH A GO0P LOOK? 


THE MODERN DAMSEL ccudiiuns Condit i nite ; 
MUCH UNDESERVED CRITICS, . BUF OBSERVING, AS Wk DO, WAT SHE 
WEARS. OR FYULS TO WEAR, IN SUMMER OR WINTER, WE Cll! BUT 
GIVE HER CREDIT AND PR ASE FOR COURAGE, ORIGINALITY 

Awd WNDEPEN DENCE? 
CY — 


U7, CONSIDERING THE GOLDEN HAIR ON OUR COAT AND ITS” 
i PrP ye . 3 WDEDUS COST OF ppc rah th ey ty gay be it 
ELIMOR CLIN OBJECTS TO Otike MODERN PRESS PIATERUAL. BLACK QNE OUT OF 


THE ay Sites CAFETERIE 
ae SOUR 


OUR MODERN MUD MAS ALSO BEEN FREE! y RAED FOR 
OCCASIONALLY STEPPING ON IT-— BUT /T Ss 

REMEMBERED THAT THE RUUG4l CON STAL//, one 70 
LIVE — IN FACT SOME OF ESE PEGS HAVE . 


PATTIE. cd Tas 


0 SAY E CURLS CHECK T WR ANOTHER FEATHER /N THE We-T0-DATE GIRLS CAP | AS TO WEARING HER SKIRT SHORT ANP ROLL TOP 
fomers AND a EM OMEOe EET WITH A GOOP 1S HER GETTING AWAY FROM TIRESOME CLASSICAL | STOCKINGS, SHOWING' A DIMPLED KIVEE, THIS THING 
LOOKING YOUN 


GC MAN, BY HECK. * LINES. SHE HAS DEVISED A CONTOUR ALL HER 1S BEING DONE FOR HEALTH 'S SAKE AND FOR THAT 3 


WE BELIEVE 1 EQUAL RIGHTS, OWN ANP IT'S A STUNNER. ALONE AND WE APPROVE OF /7, SO THERE / 


"§ FELLOW j fy fF ; 
WIFE| NEVER KNiw $5 BAe FPO ? | ) 
WHAT HE WAS Gt De 3. BUT THAT S ALL DIFFERENT WOW. 
gb Sat THE MOPER! G1RL /S OPEN Al{P 
ABOVE BOARP. 


AND T0 THINK THAT ELINOR 
GLYN COMES WER HERE 
FROM ENGLANP TO PICK 
ON OOR GIRLS / DIPM TF 
' WE WIN THEIR ALD WAR 
FOR THESI 2 DIDI'T WE 


OUR DOLLARS. ANP 
THAT'S THE conecoens 


‘ IE TTAWING SUIT 
1S ANOTHER POINT UPON WHICH 
THE PORCH (AIS ANP MA/IMNER 
THROWERS CONDE 


THE 
With STAY IP Te EN Mai 
BEING CHARGED WITH A FONDNESS WN HAVEANK 
FOR AND L1QUOR. BUTAREM'T THEY THING TODO WITH 17, NOT ALL 
ae eee 70 THE SOCIAL | MEN ARE ATHLETES BUT THEY ON 


LO ITIOE OF THE AGE & All APPRECIATE ANY 


ie teats. agree Ui ta OF 


wn 
ee) 


<< AO ‘etait Sten. enh wom nih Aran oe 
‘ = Ngee tS mes 
Fe ee PRE ik A ih eet ee a RN a a ac ry Re 


THE. SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE : Page Elsrez 


Sunday, ne 8, 1922, 


Cry 7 Raised for- Revival of Light Opera 


to Stage Gilbert-Sullivan Operettas Suggested by W. Ge: Hastings—Siory of MERE — of 
“Irene” Enough to Startle Any Press Agent Into Actiy iy. \— ee tS 


oy , a Ww chest 


WEEK or so ago in another 
column. of: The Constitution, I 
reprinted an account of the ap- 
pearance of thé Carl Formes 
Opera company in Atlanta fifty 
years ago. The account review- 
ed_the presentation of Auber’s 
fine old opera, “Fra Diavolo,” 

and I gave it a headline with-the sug-— 
gestion that it pe revived in the coming 
spring. 

The suggestion Strack fire in one spot 
and resulted im a@ second suggestion that 
seems to me ‘eichoin possibilities for ar. 
tistic endeavor: and possibly rich -in pos- 
sibilities for pecuniary profit. 


The suggesti@a came from W. G. 
Hastings. Herés his letter: — 

Please donot let up on the idea 
of reviving light opera. .I refer to © 
the ‘suggestion in one of the headings 
in your Fifty Years Ago column, de- 
scribing an early production _ of i 
Diavolo.” 

I am an average human, I think 
with average taste, and am passion- 
ately fond of light opera. I believe 
there are plenty of others, for as I. 
said, I think my tastes are average. 
However, the fate of the recent prom- * 
ised light opera does’ not seem to 


bear this out: But maybe that fine 
old operetta, “Fra TDitavolo,” could 
be. 
eatiticath of all. 
eee. 

a. oh “HASTINGS: 


ERSONALLY Pm sere ‘that 
Diavolo” could be produced by local 
talent to the edification of all, and I’m 


Just as sure that it would be proven a 


most popular venture, soe popular indeed 


that I am gure a company of local ar-* 


tists could “be organized that eould pro- 
duce “Diavolp.” the whole Gilbert-Sulli- 
van series, Wallace’s splendid ‘“Mari- 
tana;” Sousa’s “El Capitan;” Herbert’s 
“Serenade;” DeKoven and Smith’s “Robin 
Hood,” and “Rob Roy,” “Wang.” - “The 
Little Tycoon,” “The Grand Duchess,” 
“The Queen’s Lace Handkerchief” and a 
score of other operettas that have all the 
music that is enjoyable and none of the 
inusie that palls with its immensity. 
In the summer of 1919, I believe, a 
company of amateurs was organized here 
in Atlanta. They produced the Gilber- 
tiam favorite, “Fhe Mikado,” and pro- 
duced at 80 well that additional perform- 
ances were mocessary, and though this 
organization -had rare talent, it had 
barely scratched the surface in bringing 
out “Atlantans actually capable of giving 
a finished and scholarly production. 
Phere is De questidn about the fact 


tht the: talent Jehere in asmple quantity. 
‘Rhese is. no question about the fact that 
such ‘productions give just as muck pleas- 
ure to the producing. artists as to the 
persohs who pay to see them. There is 
no question? about their cultural value. 
There is-no question about the entertain- 
ment they provide. 


A} MR. HASTINGS so well expresses 
<1 it, the appeal 3 to the average man. 
A person does not have to be culture: 


too the point of bulging forehead, the 
broad “a” and horn-rimmed spectacle: 


to be able to revel in the musical beaut: 
of light opera nor does he have to be a 
mind reader or the purchaser of a 
libretto to understand the action of what 
is.going..on > before him... . 

On the other hand, the entertainment 
can be enjoyed by persons who would 
rather read “Dumas” than “Arnold Ben- 
net,” who prefer prize fights to meta- 


by local talent to cme ‘ 


“ean 


physical Jectures and who have been able 
to struggie ‘through an existence without 


the aid and counsel of “Vanity Fair” 
either. as to their personal conduct, 
their wearing apparel, their literatdre, or 
their music. 

There are lots of us im that boat—a 
whole lot more of us tnan there are of 
any other kind. Follow the advice of 
Mr. Pickwiek and yell with the largest 


mob. 


The. same idea has been ‘splendidly 


eevee bees 


| THEATRE | : 


RENE BUNNE, the dainty star of the: 

“Trene” company that recently. ‘played 
Atlanta, has a story that no one would 
dare to pull because it’s too press agenty 
and yet she swears it’s gospel truth and 
ri never be the man to dispute the wore 
of a girl that “good looking. 

Her yarn would make Cinderella rise 
up-and demand what the dickens she 
means by imiringing on her copyright 
and you wouldn't blame Cinderella. 

Miss Dunn«-—she swears her baptismal 


name is frene—-wa@S in New York abont - 


a year ago, rigit fresh from a musie con- 
servatory and looking for work ma 
chorus or anywhere jast like a few thou- 
sand either girls were. She happened 9. 
be ‘stopping with. a gir]: she amd known” 
ness but hadu’t b myIn $e. far thai 
anybody had taken particular notice.. 
_About that time 10 star at “Irene,” 
which was enjoying~a -record ‘Broadway 
Fup,” Caught a cold or a husband or some 
“ether misfortune happened aleng and the 
producers. were looking around for an 
- understudy. The professional friend of 


ey “Trene: applied. 


“worked Sutin St Coulis. They have what 
‘they call municipal opera there. It has 
proved a tremendous success artistically 
and financially. And do they fool with 
Debussy or Massenet or Puccini or any 


of the rest_of the radicals who have tried 


to fill -overcrammed minds with the 
thought tat music is something besides 


music? 


HEY. “do not 

r2 & think. the heaviest thing they've 
ever tried ie “‘Trovatore,” and you know 
“Verdi"is ‘8a: :dreadfully old-fashioned and 
simple, ‘doneherknow. 

"They've e‘given St. Louis popniar opera 
at popular prices with local talént get- 
ting profitable. employment all - summer. 
and when it has become necessary to 
import stars there was always plenty in 
the savings bank to do the importing 
with. The same —— could be done in 
Atlanta. 

st nomena Mr. Hastings on start it. 


She could sing and she could look and . 


she cotld dance, but she wasn't the type, 
the “managers said. 
among the sins of this friend for she was 
quick to say “Well; Pee a girl at home 


who is, opis {¥pe, ” and right down she 
brought “ Migs .Dunne. who snited to a 
oT” asd. juniped right yo the ‘part and 
has been ‘playing ittever -ince and good- 
ness knows when: i€’s ever going to stop. 


4 


‘HVIVALS, having proven so popular 
in’ New York this year, the. National 
Players are to do “Trilby” with Wilton 
essay ye, the orietas preneayh playing | 


mae part and Charlotte \Valker 
the owner of the feet. 


cecil under , the. devastating. title of 
i in ‘school who had. b¥¢éwunm inte the basis =f opd ; ‘MeNut{.” It wasn't paying éxien- 


Now ‘jealousy isn’t - 


. the theaters’ 


playin’ 


‘COMPANY. was gothe through the 
Soutlf like Sherman and the bell 


“si¥ély. so the ‘name was thariged’ to “Life 
in Greenwich Village”—-which we would 
cali making pad matters at wast a trime 
worre. 


HE new theatrical year has started 

-off well. Atlanta darely missed «2 
visitation of a musical” comedy. called 
“Dardenetin,” Ht went» broke in. Jackson, 
Tenn., where Johnny Spates: and Dudiecy 
. Glass- -come from." 


HE disturbance cradted by Mr; Hop- 

woed’s _raffish farce “The Demi 
Virgin,” may have serious resuits for the 
American theater. Governor Miller, of 
tes York, it is said, has been importuned 

* golema playgvers who. disapprove of 
ne ery Hepwood to cetablish a censorship 
inhibiting all nanghty exhibitions upon 
the stage. The governor, @ is said tur- 
ther, has vigorously intimated to the au. 
trors and preducers that ‘unless they 
calm themselves and restrain their pre- 
dilections to be fleshly, a law will be en- 
acted. Since the history of all censorsiiips, 
from books to moving pictures, is that 
censors deplore and cui out almost every- 
thing but smut and vulgarity, the Gover- 
nor’s threat is -ominous. The matier is 
now under grave contersplation .by an 
organization of the purer dramatists, and 
it is said that Mr. Hopwood will be asked 
hereafter, in the interest of his art and 
welfare, to refrain from strip 
poker parties-and Gabies 2s wheezes in his 


flippant might. 
“a's 
— — ' 


In The’ Realm « ‘of Musi 


Building From the: Ground i in ! Music. 


By LOUISE DOOLY 


Cc 


» UR girls we ‘require to study 
music... Our boys we permit te 


think that playing the piano is 


effeminate, and yet we ‘are try- 
ing to build up a popular appre- 
ciation for good music. To say 
the least, we are inconsistent. 
A movement has been initiated, 
however, which we believe will be a sort 
of opening wedge towards bringing the 
boys of today, no less than the girls, te 
understand the enjoyment they can get 


. Bow and in the future from a knowledge 


of musie.” 

‘The speaker was the chairman of the 
music committee of the Parent-Teacher 
association, Boys’ High school, Mrs. Wal- 
ter Bedard, and through her interest and 
guidance four clubs have been organized 
among the students—a glee club, a man- 
dolin aud guitar club. an orchestra and a 
band. Seventy-five boys are included in 
one or more of these organizations and 
already plans are on foot for a joint con- 
cert in January to secure funds for the 
musical instrumen already purechasec 
and others needed. 

“We are, just beginning our work,” ex- 
p‘ained Mrs. Bedard, “but we are study- 
ing the similar efforts in other cities, 
and we, look forward 
interest ‘such as exists in Bayton, Ohiog, 
for instance, where five huh red. children, 
in the schools. play one fistrument or 
mdther, an@ when they finish school ther 
graduate into a elvie orchestra, which 
gives eofcerts: that raise funds: fo, de- 
velop talent and. give training. in ahusie 


in Michigan, the fathers of.the boys have 
organized and provide the musical instru- 
ments for the boys and every support is 
being given the young musicians to ée- 
velop their musical possibilities.” 


to stimulation o: 


Music and Athietics. 

A GENERAL awakening as to the 

‘value of music in the schools in its 
bearing on the musical future of the coun- 
try is being evidenced everywhere, The 
National Federation of Music clubs is tak- 
Ing a leading part in this stimulation, the 
newspaper and musical  niagazines are 
giving their support. 

Its spirit is reflected in the following 


brief interview with a member of the na- 
tional hoard of directors of the nationai 
federation, Miss Nan Stephens, of Atlanta. 
who is also president of the sonth’ At- 
lantic division of the federation. 


'“The slogan recently adopted by the 
south Affantie district of music clubs, of 
which Georgia is a part, is ‘Make music 
as important ‘as athlotics,’” says Miss 
Stéphens. 


“Heretofore music has been 
ered im the luxury class—a delicate ac- 
cemptishment for the added ee 


ness 6f ‘women: “Sometimes a has a 
father who does “pot consider A. € un- 
manly, atid so We may enjoy John Mc 
Cormack;-Reihald Werrenracn ana other 
men all the more human and manly 
because ‘they have the wider understand- 
ing that music gives. John Powell, our 
own American pianist, who has become 
one of the greatest masters of the key- 
board, first established a record for ati- 
letics at the University of Virginia that 
won him lasting remembrance at that fa 
nous seat of icarning. 


depressiow . ‘CONTSs, 


\ Y HEN financial 

and the cost of living must be Te- 
duced, the first cut is usually made on 
music, because ‘we do hot faye to. a 


music.” Is there ever a cut Made*on at 
letics? Assurediy not. The growing 
and girls must have athletics so that their 


bodies may grow strong and they may | 


learn the sense of good comradeship ana. 
honesty from-playing the game fairly. Ni’ 
matter what has to go the athletics must 
star. 


“This is right and as it should Pee But 


what about music? Can we really da with- 
out the kroader vision, the deep comfort, 


‘dence and 


consid- 


the joy of real music? In the dark hours 
the need of such solace is all the greater. 
In the bright oncs it is the voice of hap- 
piness. 

“Our men sang as they marched inte 
battle over there. Athletics helped the 
march quickly and strongly, but it was 
music that made them march fearlessly 
and hold their heads so high. If music 
cold make them forget pain and desola- 
tion, perhaps it may be termed ‘the ath- 
letics of the sowl,’ which survived after 
the strength of the body failed. 

“We who" are marchitig along the bat- 
tle line of life—and never was existence 
so much of a battle line as now-—need ali 
the strength we can muster, gil the re- 
sources of body and soul to keep going. 
if we can march to the musie of confi- 

courage;- ang sing as we go, 
we shall ind the straight path of success. 
and peace.” 


HERE were many ‘organizations, it is 

said, which sought to have the haquor 
ot placing at the Metropolitan Opera 
house a2 suitable memorial to Enrico Ca- 
ruso. But wisely the privilege was reserv- 
ed, and Mrs: Caruse it was who presented 
the bust of her distinguished husband, the 
rreatest tenor of all time. 


It is the work of Onorio Ruotolo, and — 
was acquired by Mrs. Caruso from the 
lialian Music league, of which Caruso was 
lyaorary president. 

‘he presentation exercises which took 


plave at the Metropolitan assembled an 
ndience of distinction ih Many lines. F. 
H. LaGuardia, a prominent Italian born cit- 
izen of New York city, presented the bust 
in the name of Mrs. Caruso and her lit- — 
tle daughter, and it was accepted for the 
Metropolitan by Otto H. Kahn, president 
of the board of directors. o 


A memorial concert farther marked the 
sccasion, and the entire orchestra of the 
Metropolitan, the cherus and some of the 
leading singers took part. Mrs. Caruso sat 
unattended in ong” ty boxes during the 
presentation cere 

The $12,000 realized from the c>~>ert 
will be sent to the Verdi Home {for Aged 
Musicians in Milan, Italy, an in:titation — 
in which Caruso was deeply interes‘ed. 


Page Twelve 


This is the second. of a series of articles by Mrs. Humiston, 
ntissing girls qualifies her perhaps better than anyone. else th the United States to write on this subject. 
she tells where the 100,000 who quietly leave home’each year try to establish themselves. 


ed 


en nn ee nee ee a aii 


THE SUNDAY- CONSTITUTION ~“‘AGAZINE 


whose experience in finding and taking care of 


Today 
Next Sunday she 


will describe some of the pitfalls and snares into which thousands of innocent ones fall in American cities. 


By GRACE HUMISTON 


===) HERE are the tall buildings? ‘Will 
WINTER) you please tell me where they are?” 
A The girl that asked me was one 

of the prettiest things I have ever 


seen. The rosy flush of her healthy 


“kin and the wealth of dark brown 


hair would have been the envy of 


any metropolitan debutante. It was 
plain to me that she was from the country 
and I knew instinctively that she was a 
“missing girl.’ ‘ 

When you meet a pretty girl wandering 
through a railroad station in a big ciiy, drag- 
ging a-satchel wearily along and asking ridic- 
ulous questions, put aside whatever petty 
business you may be about at that moment 
and for humanity’s sake take that girl in 
hand. The chances are a thousand to one 
that back in the great hinterland of the 
country some mother is sobbing herself to 
sleep over “the stranage disappearance” of 
her daughter. 

This poor mother doesn’t know that her 
girl is only one of several hundred who dis- 
appeared theg same day from American 
homes. She doesn’t realize that it has be- 
come. nowadays just as natural for girls as 
for boys to kick over the traces and take 
French leave of a despised environment. 
And fortunately for her, this country mother 
does not know half the dangers that lie in 
wait for her missing daughter and those 
thousands of adventurous young runaways 
who month after month stream throvgh the 
railroad terminals of our largest cities. 


Of all the great bright light centers that 
lure the niissing girls like moths, New York 
draws by far the largest’ number of runa- 
ways from the greatest area of the country. 
There is no state in the union which does 
not contribute its annua! quota of such girls 
to the great metropolis. The police of New 
York are constantly besieged with requests 
from western and southern points to find 
and send back their missing daughters. 

I never quite realized the far reaching 
attraction of the biggest of American cities 
until I undertook, several nights ago, ‘the 
task of assisting the New York police de- 
partment to find and restore missing girls to 
their homes. It was soon after the solution 
of the case of the unfortunate Ruth Cruger, 
whose disappearance had caused a nation- 
wide stir, and the letters resulting from the 
widespread publicity of the case were still 
streaming into my office in the hope that I 
might locate missing girls especially dear 
to the writers. 

There were letters from mothers as far 
west as Oregon, as far south as Florida. 
There was the pitiful appeal of a Missouri 
school teacher for her missing sister, who 
had fled from their boarding school one ro- 
mantic spring evening with a traveling sales- 
man. She wore a blue taffeta dress and a 
toque of flowers. ,Had I seen her, she asked, 
on .Broadway where this man had said he 
worked? 

There was another from an old soldier 
from Virginia who couldn’t tell why his 
granddaughter didn’t return from a visit to 
northern friends, and still another from a 
New England mill town mother who had 
spent her life saviggs searching Boston for 
her sixteen-year-old daughter who had fied 
one night following a family quarrel. 

Any one of the thousands of requests to 
search New York for these girls would 
wring your heart—and there they were, that 
was the pity of it, literally by the thousand. 
You cannot doubt the existence of a missing 
girl problem when empty homes all across 
the map set up their cries for oe loved 


ones. 


gf Bie case of a young girl from southern 
New Jersey who came last year to New 
York, lured by the glamour of the great 
metropolis, is typical. She was out walking 
one Saturday afternoon on the main street 
of her little town when she happened to see 
on the railroad station billboard the an- 
nouncement of a special excursion from Phil- 
adelphia to New York. She had been dis- 
contented for a long while, and on that par- 
ticular Saturday afternoon she was unusu- 
ally lonely. She had ner week's wages, $11, 
in her bag. 

On the impulse of the moment she, like 
thousands of other girls, decided to go to 
New York at once. The railroad advertise- 
ment had fired her imagination. She stole 


into her house, hastily packed a bag and. 


~ scvth, 


took the trolley to Philadelphia. The same 
evening she arrived in New York—aa igno- 
rant, innocent mite in the midst of sophisti- 
cated millions. ~*~ 

By the merest accident soon after arriv- 
ing she fell into the hands of a man friend 
of mine who learned her story and brought 
her directly to my home. She had narrowly 
escaped wandering alone into one of the 
gang-infested neighborhoods of New York. 
After a few days of sightseeing 
contcnt to return home. 

I have dealt with a thousand girls who 
have, like the girl I havé just mentioned, 
come to New York without .settled purpos2 
or plans for their future... And experience 
has *taught me that it is this. very. aimless- 
ness of the avcrage missing girl that ex-oses 
her to such graye dcenger. They trust almost 
everybody who speaks -to them. 

It is impossible to estimate with any- 
thing near exactitude the number of missing 
girls who settle in New York. Purely inci- 
dentally, in the investigation of just one case, 
thirty-nine missing girls were found in the 
metropolis and restored to their mothers in 
various parts of the country. 

These discoveries were accidental, un- 
sought for. .We were working feverishly on 
the solution of what. we believed, and eventu- 
ally proved, to be a murder case and we had 
no time to follow un clues of other mys- 
teries,. So many missing girls are sucked 
into the maelstrom of New York that it was 
literally impeszible for the investixation not 
to reveal nae diate missing girls within a 
few weeks. 

Later, as a special investisator for the 
New York city police dopartment, I was able, 
with the assistance of a staff of detectives 
and clerks, to find and restore to their homes 
370 girls within a period of three months. 

Do not think that all these girls are nec- 
essarily happy in their homes. The chances 
are that a large number of them lave run 


away again, for it often gets to be a habit: 


with--some girls—I have known girls who 
have rum away as many as five times in a 
year—and until the real cause of their flizht 


is discovered and dealt with. there will be no” 


stonping them. 

Every village, town and city in the coun- 
try has its missing girls. _After leaving howe, 
whither do they go? The runaways of the 
the eastern Atlantic states and New 
England almcst invariablv wind up in New 
York, Boston or Philedelphia. The majority 
of small town girls from the south, strange 
to say, come direct to New York; while the 
small town girl from Maryland, Delaware 
and Pennsylvania is more apt to go first to 
Philadelntia or Baltimore and then perhaps 
4o New York. Washington is less of a miss- 
ing girl center than other cities of equal im- 
portance in the east. New Jersey, New York 
state and Connecticut girls are drawn to New 
York in large numbers. 

Generally speaking. in a territory » within 
300 miles of New York or Chicago, or within 
100 miles of any other large city, -missing 
girls go straight to the largest city of *he 
region. | 

In the vicinity. of New York, for instance, 
only a small percentage of missing girls 
from lower New Englard will be found in 
Providence, Hartford, Bridgeport or New 
Haven: they come direct to New York. Bos- 
ton draws largely from Maine and Massa- 
chusetts, and even Boston holds but a small 
percentage of its missing girls permanently. 
The glamour of Broadway lights and the big- 
ness of New York make the more romantic 
appeal—and the runaway girl is nothing if 
not romantic. In a similar way, Chicago out- 
strips Indianapolis. Milwaukee and even St. 


Louis as a magnet for the missing girls of 


Indiana. Wisconsin and Missouri. 


HILE there are, of course, a hundred 

different types of missing girls, who 
have left home for a variety of reasons and 
who seek various kinds of fortunes, they 
think more or less alike when it comes to 
choosing a destination. The younger the 
girl, the more romantic she jis, and the more 
surely she will make for the largest. city in 
her region. 

The girl seeking a businéss success may 
be content to start in a city of a few hun- 
dred thousand (which may seem like a me- 
tropolis compared with her water tower 
town), but to the romantic type of. runaway 
girl distance is nothing. She will go any- 
where. Girls who are movie-struck, for in- 


7 


i oy ed 
“-s “? 7T + 
- a pe. ews a » 
“ft hee - . 
DIESE S Bo ceva OMS 2" 


she was © 


since her departure. 


a i 


eee iad oer entatny eH { 


{rine oA 


Come From 


ing girl cases. 
40 per cent., 
great missing girl centers of the country. 


follow: 


To, Cleveland from 
Ohio’ ~ 2,009 
Michigan iy: + 2a 
West Virginia » 100 - 
Pennsylvania 300. Rhee Island 
Scatterirg. - 200. Vermoni 

—— Connecticut - 


Total 2300" * Scattering 


To New York from~ 
New York State “pF 
New Jersey 2,709 
Pennsylvania 2909 : “California 
Marvland 300° Nevada 
Virginia 500 Utah 
-Cennecticut 400 New Mexico 
The Carolinas 300 Colorado 
Alabama 200 = =Wyoming 
Tennessee 200 Scattering 
Georgia 300 
Other So. States -_ 100 


Total 15.500: 


“To Chicago fro “2: 
IHihois 4; 
7 


Massachusetts 
Maine 


: Total 


-Total 


-Michigan 
“Ohio 
be Scatter ie 


Arkansas 
Oklahoma 
Kentucky 
Scattering _ 300: - 

Total $.600 
-To St. Paul, Minn., from 
Minnesota - 1,100- 
Dakotas : 20 
Scattering 100 


Total 1,400 


Grand Total—40;000.. © 


Total 


Missouri 

__ Kansas 
Nebraska 
Scattering 


Total 


Where the 100,000 Girls 


gathered from police reports, statistics of girl 
protective societies and resuits- of Mrs. 
Humiston’s own investigations of thousands of miss- 


2 hae following estimates are Seced’ on “figores 


Of all missing girls in the United States each year 
or 40,000, come from small towns and 
villages out drift inevitably toward one of the mine 
Approxi- 
mate .figures of state contributions to these centers 


To Boston from 


New Hampshire 


200” Toray sis, 


? ae eee 


1,500 


To Les Angeles from 


2,400 
~ 100 


To Detroit from 


20. > = 
400s: San Prancseo from SS < * ll 
306 5,California .. si ree 
200--: Oregon 
-. 3" *$Vashingtor 
"200° Scattering: 


- To-Kansas City fra n 


? 


7 5 * 


- 


stance, sonietimes journey “across the conti- 
nent to. Los. et ean the land of their 
dreams. 

Los Angeles’ ‘te the éne- ‘exception to the 
general rule of missing, girls maelstroms, in 
that it draws girls*from All parts of the 
United States with a lure ont of all.propor- 
tion to its size as a city; Los Angeles, the 
movie capital of the country, has a-.golden 
aspect to the girl film worshipper which not 
even New York or Chicago possesses. 

One of the most pathetic cases of this 
movie mania that I have éver had experience 
with was that of Maizie Brock, of Illinois. 
She was of the soil, even to her Christian 
name, but she tired of the life of the little 
agricultural community where she had been 
brought up and she ‘jonged to get to “a place 
where things would hum.” 

Along with some millions of other girls 
in the United States, Maizie was smitten 
with film fever—a disease of the twentieth 
century which has brought as many. young 
girls to the “missing” stage as any other two 
factors put together. Whén I came into the 
case Maizie had been gone two months and 
as soon as I found out from her New York 
cousin that Maizie’s money had all gone for 
movie tickets, I began an investigation along 
those lines. It was easy to find who the 
girl’s favorite -screen heroes ani heroines 
were. 

Her mother and father had had no word 
There had been no 
quarrel. The girl had no money beyond a 
few dollars. 

“Of course, she had her diamond pins 


one her grandmother left hé other 
sobbed to me, “but I’m sure Doe aizie 
would never part with that!” ~ 

Well, girls do a lot of things nowadays 
that their mothers do not think they would 
do—and Maizie was not one of the slow ones. 
From my experience with severa] thousand 
cases of missing girls I gathered that the 
“probable thing for a girl of Maizie’s type of 


» determination to do would be to sell that 


diamond pin and use the money to take her 
where she wanted to go. 

There was only one place where a really 
movie struck girl goes, and that is southern 
California—a place, incidentally, that would 
appeal to Maizie, I argued, on the score of 
warmth, for she_ left” home ap tbenwday of a 
driving 50a rs Be : 


™~ 


THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


eee sah enthcnthiabadition ‘} 


ree . 
ees a ate 


ve 
PP Var s 0 Bote ob 
z x et . ao 


£ 


eS a: ae sa found oat 
> Wwe Perret 
ne: ae: 3 


world = 
Tt wag Ea ahicing ds 


ater that this - 


ap a vision of Santa Claus-and e LS 


- little child. 


ie wented to be ‘the #é 


'tt—at any cost. ae \“ 
aizie took the train that aft- “™ 


ernoon from her little home 
towh to Peoria. There she sold 
her pin to a scalper jeweler for 
$120—it was worth fodr times 
the sum—and boarded the next 
train for the southwest. She 
had enough money to get her 
to heaven on earth; about the 
future she didn’t worry. 

There was a ¥V 
dressed young @ 
posite her in th 
night out and quite charmed 


of her with stories of the movie 


y at Hollywood, Yes, he was. in the 
- of there—he would help Maizie to get 
) in one of the big studios and she could 

» Fairbanks and Theda Bara and Wal- 


“Reid and all the rest of them to her 


: 


aon 
e i. 


Ks before. 


s content. 
man said he was an assistant direc- 
s. He insisted on paying for her din- 
Lane insisted on paying for her other 
too, and Maizie, who took to the un- 
sd luxury of a transcontinental trip as 
sk takes to water, began to think him™ 
nost wonderful man in the world. 

y arrived in the glorious haze of Los 
ies. Maizie, 16 and pretty, was intoxi- 
with joy at having reached her goal so 

The man told her he was her good 

nd she reflected that he was much 
dressed than any man she had ever 
He smoked gold-tipped cigar- 
oe Maizie, and he 


y, % wuteti PLN Sy yr. 


. 
~ at 
é : 
* * be 
ry . 
« ~~ =k rhe ~ . 


oad 


—e,.> 
Pedi ea. ee 
7 “ Sa 


carried himself just the way the smartest 
of the movie heroes did: There was no doubt 
about this-man in Maizie’s mind. When he 
suggested that she spend the night at his 
aunt’s house before going to Hollywood to 
get. her job she assented. 

It was the old, old story, but it was all 
new to poor Maizie. The man was smooth 
—and bad. His aunt, wc “was out” when 
they arrived never came back. Maizie went 
the way of many missing girls, and no one 
ever heard of her tragedy until we found ner 
body two years later on the beach of a resort 
near Los Angeles and took it back to the 
little Illinois town where she had led such 
a little tumult of a life. 

From letters from friends and fragmen- 
tary scraps of a diary found in her room, 
we traced the poor girl’s bitter path of de- 
spair—from the ruinous night of her arrival 
down to the last few months of utter loss of 
self-respect and the ultimate suicide in the 
sea. 

The end of the rainbow was black for 


+? 
St wen... 


o-. eaten, sue. Ur, Pe 
Woy om 


RT ETE Te he 


Here is a sample of a fake marriage license .. 
used. Above is a map of the missing girl maelstrom. 


Maizie—and it must be admitted that for 
the vast majority of runaway girls it is black 
rather than golden unless that girl is blessed 
with self-reliance, caution and well grounded 
principles far beyond the average. And this 
is especially true of the girls who seek the 
movie capital of the world for the reason that 
the gayety of life in this particular place is 
more daring and more common than proub- 
ably any other section in the country. 


OT every girl who runs away seeking a 

brighter life as inspired by the movies 
goes to Los Angeles, but after talking with 
some thousands of girls I have yet to meet 
one who would not have liked to have gotten 
there. The vast majority of girls from the 
east, however, make direct for one of the 
very large cities. 

Of late years such rapidly growing cities 
as Cleveland, Detroit, Pittsburg and Buffalo 
have been diverting more and more the direct 
trend of runaway girls to New York and Cki- 
cago. The tremendous industrial growth of 
three younger cities has made them Meccas 


ONE ae 


_—- >. 5 vs es 
ee Pier, Ses orcs a ~ 


for the missing girls from hundreds of small- 
er communities in their own and neighboring 
states. 

.t..Paul and Minneapolis for the north- 
west and Kansas City for the grain belt are 
the main rallying places for the runaways of 
those sections, although Chicago’s bright 
lights, to my personal knowiedge, have ac- 
counted for missing girls from such widely 
separated states-as Texas and North Dakota. 


F  eptine bebe 5 distance usually lends en- 
chantme! a.« the éye of missing girls, 
yet on many ocasions I have found girl run- 
aways shugly established in business posi- 
tions and in furnihed rooms of their own not 
five miles from their parents’ homes, for in 
a great city you can sometimes lose yourself 
as effectively as if you had gone a thousand 
miles away. 

This was the case not long ago with four 
girls from four excéllent families living in 
upper Manhattan,~New York, who simul- 
taneously arrived at the conclusion that the 
best thing to do would be to get away from 
home and live a life of their own making. 
One of the girls was of humble parents, but 
the other three were well-to-do. 

None of their parents understood them or 
had time to devote to them. The poor girl's 
father and mother were too-busy working, 
and the well-to-do parents took society too 
seriously. There was a tremendous commo- 
tion when the four suddenly disappeared one 
day, however, and I was asked to find the 


(Concluded on Page 19) 


ee al re ee 


Page Fourteen 


THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


Sunday, Jamary 8, 1922, 


-— 


_ The Name and the. Game 


(Conchaded From: Page 6) 
men, turn not in a Leones from 


the reek of Harry’s’ place. M ee gene can 
love the light and t ~~“ 


is a finer work. It can, if it: oe turn its 


white light upon’ darkness, so that out of 


it even a single seed may take heart and 
grow. A fastidious olfactory nerve has no 
right to dominion over the quality of 
mercy. The heart should keep its thou- 
sand doors a!l open, edch heart-string a 
latch-string, and each latch-string ont. 


MMion's ey CLARK met her compan- 
ion’s eyes above the rim of his 
stein. | 

“Looks more like hell on < 
down . here than like . Christmas 
don’t it?” 

He was 


busy day 


warmed, 


water. ~~ x 
Ab- h-b, but I feel better, fsiddo. 
\Frnat’s thrde steins you've hiad, Blink: 

And there’s no telling what you filled ‘up 

o~ those three times you went out.” 

- “It’s Christmas eve, kiddo. What kind 
of a good 
money’ A Cnrietmas tree trimmed in tin 
ange:s?” 

“Do 1? You just bet your life I do.” ' 

“Then let me get it for you, sugar- 
plum. You just stick to me tonight and 
you can have. any little -himg your heart 
desires. Here, waiter.” And he jingted 
again in the depths of his pocket. 


“If you wan. to lose my company dou-- 
ble quick, just you order another stein. .- 


see jook at you zecing double already.” . 

“i'n all right, baby: never felt better 
in my life.” 

“You caught me wien I was down aad 
blue, didn't you, and pumped me fui of 
a lot of Sungay senhecl talk, that’s what 
you did. And I was foul enoagt to get 
soft and come down beré with you, I was: 
But 1 felt it in my bones you was lying. 
{unew | was rignt about the coke. I seen 
you throw a high sign to that twitching 


guy in the striped sweater. |] Knew I was. 


right. God, I—I just knew.” 

He leaned for her hand. 

“Littte, pittsie, blacz-ered 
‘got me wrong, C 

“Ug:-h, quit. Let go!” 

He sthatettemnads regarding her neni? 
ly. end controlling the slight swaying of 
ner tigure: a: 

.“l'm a gertieman.” 

? Her laugh was more of a. iets 

“There ain’t ao stch animal.” 

“There ain't? I seen you .-yimg to rope 
one today all righty. I seen you.” 
“You. what?” 

“Sure aid, The slick guy in checks.” 

“You—” 

“Sure, I seen you. I was toafing around 
the Grand Union a who‘e hour before you 
scen me today, baby doll I see: the whole 
show. Grabbed the slick little Checkers 
right out the line, didn’t you? Bowled, him 
over with those black eyes of yours. Went 
for him right tike he was a stick of candy 
and you was licking it, eh? Pretty slick 
to take in a big eyeful like that, wasn’t I? 
some little Checkers, he was.” , 

Red leaped to her face. 

“Cut that!” 

“Gad, what you mad _= about, 
Gentleman friend, eh?” — 


baby, 


Kiddo? 


“You just eut that talk, and double 


quick, too.” 

“After bigger game, eh, kiddo?” 

“Fine chance.” 

“Not goed enough down he-e, eh?’’ 

“No, if you want to know it. No.” 

“He liked you, kiddo.” 

“Yes, he liked me. He liked me all 
righty, like they all do. God, if fd ever 
rum across a fellow that was on the level 

ith me, I'd get the hysterics right in his 
ace, I would. Right in his face!” 

“I’m on the level, Marj, oniy-— 

“You try to begin that, now.” 

“Tl am, and you know it.” 

“You're about as straight as a horse- 
shoe.” 

“I may backslide now and then, sweet- 
ness, but—’’ 

“There's no backsliding tor you any 
more, Blink. After that Gregory rald busi- 
ness you slid back as far in my mind as 
a fellow can slide.” 

He drained his glass, and this time 
caught his sway a bit teo late. 

“Forget that, kiddo.” 

“I}can't. it was that showed me plainer 
than all thet went before how I was wast- 
ing my time working over you.” 

“Ain't I get something on you, too, 
peaches; but you don’t hear me throwing 
it up to you, do you? Ain't I go’ Checkers 
on you?” 

“You—” 

. “But I ain't blaming you. Come, 
let's swap our real hames.”’ 

“What?” 

“Sure, I ain't blaming you. Only be on 
the level, girl—be on the level. If it’s big 
fry you're after, and we don't measure up 
down here, say s*.” 

**You—lI think you’re crazy, Blink.” 

“I know life, kiddo, I've used up thirty 
years of my lease on it getting wise to It. 
Come now, is it Checkers, Queenie? What's 
your game?” 


Marj. 


eve, « 


‘eh? I tike you that way. 
and the tight. skin ~ sais sy. ue : 


had. softened as dried fruit qxbqnds in f 


time do you want for your 


you * 


CHE leaned forward, looking him evenly 
between the eyes, but her lips seared as 
if from his het insult. 

“You take th.t back.” 

“What you green around the gills for, 
kiduo? Didn't you say yourself that the 
name ee: come together in the 
same kage’ I ain't arguing it with 
you.” 

“You take it back, | said.” , 

He laughed and flecked his fingers ior 
a waiter, flinging out his icgs at tall length 
alongside the tab!ie. 

“You're a clever little girl, Marj, and 
Fve got. to hand it to you. Another stein 
there, waiter, and one for the girl; she 
needs it.” 

“Fi spill it right out if it comes.” 

“Lord, what you so sheety-leoking for? 
White with temper and gree.. at the gills, 
1 like ypu 
, and if you want to know 


. for your tei 
every blamed thing about 


" it, Hlike ie f 
you.” 
“yee —auit weet go! 

ve 

: lips, Ww “the greenish auro ‘about 
them avould énly move stiffiy,.and she 
pushed back fromthe table only half ar- 
tigulate. os 

“~ “et me pass—please.” tog ak 

“Where you going, peaches?” —\.. 

' Be reached for her hand. 


- “You tnad, sfarj’ | dida’t mean te-get iy 


“N-ne, Blink.” : 

“You beauty, you.” ee 
“Sh-h-n!” 

“Gad, but : tike you. Sit down, ‘Mari: 


o 


', § got a mew proposition to put/to you! L 


can talk big money, eit. 2 
“Bon' t—-Birek.” 


“Sit down, girt. Harry don't ‘Stand for 


no stage stuff in here no more.” 

“fp 

“T got 2 new ‘proposition, girl. One 
‘that'll make Checkers look like thirty 
eents. A white proposition, too, Marj. A 
baby could listen: to it.” ae. 

“Yes, yes, Blink, but not now. When 
you ‘get lit up, yow—you oug:.ta’t begin to 
dream about those millionaire propositions, 
Blink. Try and keep your wits.” 

“& baby could listen to this here propo 
sition, Marj. And big money, too, Marj. 
tt’s diamones for you.” 

Somehow with her lips she smfled down 
at hi ‘and did not tug for the release of 
- her d. Dallied for the irstant instead. 

: “You're lit ‘up, Blink.” — 

“Some biz euhs in Wa!l street, Marj, 
are after me, Marj, with a millon doliar 

tion. kr". =| 

* “Fes. SRA, but wait minute, Blink, rl 
bet back.” tines 

She even lay a pat on his shoulder and 


age past him lightly. 


: “In a minute, Bink.” 

-;“Harry,” he said, his smile broken by 
2: swift twitch of feature, and raising his 
fresh stein. | 

Once out of his vision, she veered 
sharply and in a bath of fear darted to- 
ward the small hallway, with its red bead 
of gas-light -uraing on and flickering 
against the two panels of colored glass in 
the dingy brown door. 

Outside the flakes had ceased and the 
sinister looking side street lay in a white 
hush, a single lime of scragely footsteps 
crunched into the snow of the sidewalk. 


A clock from be sky-scrapirg tower rang 


out eight, its 2choes singing like anvils in 
the sharp thim 2 On ‘the cresstown street 
the shops were full of light and activity, 
erowds wedging in and out. Marjorie Clark 
pulled at her strength and ran. 

At the: Twenty-ninth ‘street corner she 
paused tor the merest mom-znt for breata 
and for a quick glance into the dark lane 
of the diverging street. The double row 
ot stoné houses, vlank-faced and shoulder- 
ing one another like paper do.ts cut from 
a folded newspaper, stood Lack indistinct- 
ly agains the night, most of the high 
stoops cushione.. and uatrod smow, the 
fourth of them from the right, lean-look- 
ing and undistinguished, except that the 
achcan at its curb was a glor:fied urn of 
snow. 


S SHE stood there, the ache in Mar- 


jorie Clarx’s throat threatened to be- 


come articulate. She took up her swift 
pace again, but onward. 

Ten minutes fater, within the great 
heated mausoleum of the Grand Union 
station, she bought a ticket for Glenda'e-. 
On track ten the eight-eighteen bad al- 
ready made its first jerk outward a8 she 
made her dash tor it. 

In the spick swaddling clothes of new- 
raid snow, its roadways anc garden beds. 
macadamized streets and runty lanes al) 
of one identity, Glendale la. in a minia- 
ture valley beneath the railroad elevation; 
meandered down a slight hillside and out 
towaru the open country. 

Immediately removed from the steep 
flight of stairs leading down from the 
gabled station, small houses vith thatched 
roofs that wore the snow like cooties 
hoods appeared in uncertain ranks form- 
ing uncertain etreets. Lights gleamed in 
frequent windows throwing square of saat 
colored light in the snow. 

Here and ‘here where shades were 
drawn, the grotesque shadow of a fir tree 
stood against.the window; silhouettes 
moved past. Picket fences marched crook- 


het 90) t 889" drew it veneielnie: scra 


, & few stalks.t 
The hood of the, dark veranda, surmount- 


wide-hipped figure in spotted : fumblng- 
the throat fastenings si hey’ Jacket; and 


edly along. At each intersection of streets 
a white : dangled, hissing and 
spreading its radiance to the very 
of adjoining houses. . 

Two blocks from the left of the station 
Marjorie Clark paused im the white chower 


of ome of these archlights. The wind had 


hanied around to the north and its haw 
breath galiopsed across the cpen country, 
stinging her. 

Across the street, diagona., a low house 


of too many angies, the snow banked in 


a high-drift across its north flank, st | 
well back in shadow except that on -the 


peak of-its small veranda, and clearly de- - 
fined by the arclight,,a weather yore spun: 
- Black walnut table and from a mother-of- 


t> the gale, , 
Marjorie Clark ducked OT hese to the 


‘onslaught of Wina and crossed the street, 


kicking up a fine flurry of snow before 
her.. A convoy of trees tood im military 


precision down the quie:- 


* bare ma Mee net 


shadows. . 
| ward ‘and 
upon the sidéwatk a hill of féese snow. Be- | 


fore that smal! house a garden lay tucked © 
. “beneath its blanket, a serzwny line of 


hedge fiuted with. snow enclosing it and 
t would presently tlower. 


ed with its high ructie of: snow, 
to: ineline, invitational. we 


‘Yet when Marjorie Clark pulled out 


seemed 


the old-fashioned bell-handle her face sick- 
ened as she stood and she ‘was down the 
steps again, the: tightiiess.squeez.ng her 
’-titroat, her gloved hands fumbling the gate 


fateh, and her. kiiee flang. against it ‘press- 
ing it outward. . . 

In the moment of her most frenzied at- 
titude a golden patch of. light from <n 
opened deor, streamed out and over her. 
in its gadiance a woman's wi e-bosomed, 
wide-hipped silhouette, hand .bent in a 
visor oyer bér eyes, leaned’ forward, and 
rushing past her and dow the plushy 
steps, the bare-headed > of Charley 
Scully, a red and antiq ed wool in- 
door jacket flying to the wind, and a fore- 
iock of his sh*ay hair fi 

“Marjic! oy 

. She hacked against the wate. 

“Marj! Marjie?’ 

“I—no, no—I-—” 

“Why ‘little one. 

_. “i]-—no—no0—” 

But her inertia was of no moment, and 


Marjie! Marjie!” 


the stooped form of Charley Scully drag- 
ging off her thin rubber shoes. 
“Whew, they're soaking wet, Ma. Get 
her a pair of Till's slippers or something.” 
“Don't jerk the child like that, son. Puil 


“em off easy.” 


HROUGH. glazec eyes Marjorie Clark, 

balancing herself first on one foot, 
then the other, the spotted silk arm half 
sustaining her, could glimpse the scene 
of an adjoining room; a fir tree standing 
against a drawn window blind and half 
hung in tinsel fringe, abandoned in the 
very act of being draped, a woman and a 
child stooping at its base. Above a carved 


pear! frame, a smali ®mateur photograph 
of Marjorie Clark smiled ov. at herself. 
The figure in spotted silk dragged off 
the wet jacket and hurried with it toward 
the rear of the hallway, her left foot. drag: 


“Just 2 ¢écona, dearie-chiid, wae i tink 


dry things for yon.. Son; stop” fussing 
around the lamb until she gets rested.” . 

~But on the first instant or the two of 
them standing alone. there in the little 
hallway, Charley Scully turned swiftly to 
Marjorie Clark, catching up her ~small 
hand. -His eyes carried the iridescence of 
bronze, 

“Marijie,” he said, “to—why, to think 
you'd come! Why—why little Marjie!” ~ 

,"—oh, Chariey-boy, I—”’ : 

“What, little one’? What?" 

“I—1 dunno.” 

“What is it, hon ?_Ain't 7 as ‘gaa as 
ram?” : 

“I dunno, on. y i—t~t'm seared, Charley 


'—geared, I guess.” 


“Why, you just never was so safe, 
Marjie, as now; you just never was.” ; 

She could not méet the eloquence. of 
his eyes, but his smile was so near that 
the tightness at her rout. seemed one- 
denly to thaw. 
~ “Charley-boy,” she said, : 

But at the sound of returning footsteps 
she sprang backward, clasping her hands 
behind her. A copper-haired woman with 
a copper-haired child in .the curve of her 
arm moved through the lighted front room 
and toward them. Her smile was upturn- 
ed, with a dimple low in one cheek, like a 
star in the cradle of a crescent moon. 
Charley Sculiy turned his vivid face to- 
ward her. 

“Till,” he cried, “she’s come, anyway. 
Looka, she’s come!" — 

“Yes, I—~I’ve come,” said Marjorie 
Clark. There was a -s of hysteria in 


_ her voice. ; 


-€Copyright, for The Constitution.) ° 


Texas Girl Is Winner of 
1921 Ince Beauty Contest 


ER name in electric lights in 

every city in the United States; 

known to millions 

the country, the 

thrill of shaping her career in 

“3 the thousands of feet of cel- 

luloid that make the silver 

; sheet drama-—this -is~ what 

Kathleen Collins, of San Antonio, Texas, 
has ahead of her. 


Kathleen Collins, whose portrait is on 
the cover of The Magazine, is the Thomas 
H. Ince 1921 Beauty Find. n 

Hundreds oof Atlanta girls were en- 
tered in the contest, nation-wide in 
scope, in which Thomas H. Ince picked 
that girl who has the greatest possibili- 
ties for becoming an Ince motion picture 
star. The competition of the Atlanta 
girls was made — by The Constitu- 
tion. 

Three other places were announced in 
case Miss Collins ‘should decline the 
prize that goes to the winner, a contract 
at the Ince studios. But she has accept- 
ed. The others who took places near 
the front were Elizabet Rogers, of Fort 
Worth, Texas, second; Mildred Helm, of 
Birmingham, Ala., third, and. Florence 
Streoter, Cleveland, Ohio, fourth. 


fe: contest brought out a surprising 
number of young women from all parts 
of the country with such beauty, grace. 
and charm as to make them serious con- 
tenders for honors in the contest. Delay 
in making a final selection was due, it is 
said, to the formidable cask confronting 
the judges of using all known screen 
tests in making a final selection from 
so much promising material. 

In order that each cuntestant would 
secure every possible advantage she 
might possess and te prevent any par- 


ticular defect from reacting unfairly to 
a candidate, every known test was added 
by the judging experts to the film tests 
of all entrants. Short film pictures were 
taken of the local entrants and were sent 
to the studios where they were judged. 
It is stated that the judges allowed for 
the inexperience of entrants in using mo- 
tion picture make-up and where any de- 
fects showed poor work on the part of 
the cameramen im the various cities, due 
allowance was made for it, so that no 
entrant might be unjustly handicapped. 
The committee of jndges who selected 
the winners includes Thomas H. Ince, 
Florence Vidor, C. Gardner Sullivan, John 
Griffith Wray and Clark W. Thomas. 


M ISS COLLINS will go to Culver City, 
Cal., within the next. two weeks to 
begin her screen work with a six-months’ 
contract with the producer as a material 
recognition of her victory. Ince will have 
a five-year option on her future picture 
work. With Ince’s reputation as a maker 
of stars, it is declared Miss Collins’ fu- 
ture fs as big as she wants to make it. 
Her first work will be in “Finding 
Home,” a picture being prepared by 
Bradley King, one of Ince’s staff writers, 
for release in 1922. When the budding 
star from Texas lands at the Ince studios 
she will find busily working there such 
stars as Florence Vidor, Edith Roberts, 
Marguerite de la Motte, Madge Bellamy, 
Raymond Hatton, Milton Sills, Douglas 
MeLean, Lloyd Hughes and Tom Moore. 


Working in the most beautiful and 
complete studio in the world under the 
trained hand of Thomas H. Ince and in 
the company of such a company of fore- 
most players, Miss Collins will be watch- 
ed by the motion picture fans of the 
world as auother possible Ince star. 


- 


Sunday, January 8, 1922 - 


EW YORK—(Special Correspond- 
ence.)—We used to be able to 
say that summer lingered only 
in the lap of luxury. ,. But the 
Florida resorts are no longer so 
local in application, and today 
many of us in moderate circum- 
stances regard a few weeks in. south- 
and as part of our winter programs. 
With this more general enjoyment of our 
- American playground has been developed 
a range of Palm Beach attire which has 
never before been equaied. Among the 
fabrics which are to be mentioned in the 
first breath are the knitted silks. For a 
long time we American women have been 
standing with reluctant feet before this 
gulf stream from the other side. It hasn’t 
affected us deeply to be told that the 
most fashionable women at Deauville had 
elected this fabric. And, although each 
year the intimidating material has gained 


fresh converts, one hasn’t been able to 
record any universal courage on the sub- 
ject. ~This year, however, one sees a 
change. And the knitted silk garment, 
whether it be a suit, a gown, a combina- 
tion of sweater and skirt, or an alliance 
of frock and cape, is being selected -for 
southern wear by the most fashionable 
‘women of New York. 


Perhaps the prejudice was created origi- 


vally by the clumsiness of the first knitted 
garments which made their appearance. 
They were uncouth and they diu make us 
look like a cross between Baby .Bunting 
and a-lady in an old-fashioned Mother Hub- 
ward. It must be admitted, too, that the 
garment of this fabric has to be well made 
in order tc be attractive. Ip the same 


THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


; ei 
with (i 


A T THE left the popular lemon colored organdy is exploited in a quaiitt 
pattern, developing a new trimming  detail.consisting of spirals of fine 


pin-tucks, accompanied by the narrowest Valenciennes frills. 
taffeta at the neck line is brought down to the waist line in front to enclose 
vestee of white organdy. Next, a white crepe Romain frock, girdled in red 
wooden beads is matched by a cape of self-material edged with black and. 
white moneky fur and lined with red chiffon. 
silk is accompanied by scarf of the same material in yellow. Last, a coat.of 
white ratine is €émbroidered in blue, gray, and red and girdled in fas! ota 
blue suede fastened with a single red button. 


A fold of white 


Third, a frock of blue knitted: 


preath one has to confess that the imported 
mogels are far superior to our own. But, 
like the little girl with the curl, when they 


are good, they are very, very good, and . 


when they are bad they make you ring for 
help. 
If one is still knit shy, «ll one has to do 


. is to go to see “The Circle.” What woman 


that beheld Estelle Winwood make her 
first appearance will forget the impression 
achieved by that corn colored garment of 
knitted silk, so exquisite in texture, so lis- 


some in line? This sports frock we have 


suggested in the drawing second from the 
right. Here, however, we. have reversed 
the stage lady’s color scheme, for blue 
takes the place of the original yellow, and 


Miss Winwood’s blue knittea silk scarf is 


supplanted by a yellow one. With this is 
worn a small hat of knitted silk. 

The tans and yellows are however, par- 
ticularly good in these knitted garments. 
So, too, is white. And in this connection 
I speak immediately of one of the most 
arresting knitted combinations I have 


seen. This consisted of a. black ° skirt 
finely. plaited,. which was mated with a 


plain white coat, hip length, anil ds ght- 


fully tailored. 
This combination is, of course,-in Line 


with a tendency which keeps leading us 
directly to either white or else white ind 
black. The crepe dresses especially seem 
to have been entered into competition 
with the snowdrift. Either white or gray 
is certainly the popular choice for the 
formal-afternoon frock. Often these white 


erepe dresses are accompanied by a cape, 


either of matching material or of fabric 
like tricotine. 


It is such a costume which we a:: 
showing second from the left, Here a 
white crepe Romain dress. simply made, 
depends chiefly upon the exertions. of 
large red wooden beads which fall into two 
panels front and back. With this is worn 
a cape of self-material trimmed. with 
white and black monkey fur and lined 
with red chiffon to match the beads. Yur- 


Page Fifteen 


ther attention to color rhythm is observed 
in the black patent leather sandals—the 
bluntnes: of toe is a feature of the fash- 
ionable s:».e—with red heels and red 
trimming. The hat worn with this is of 
black satin, untrimmed. 

When it comes to the organdy frock, 
femon yellow is one of the most popular 
tints. This was brought out by a collec- 
tion. of French frocks shown in New York 
some: weeks .ago. The collection was oth- 
erwise remarkable for the amount of lat- © 
tice work achieved of the organdy in either 
matching or contrasting color. Another 
insistent note was the use of the tiniest 

Valencietines frills, which tollowed minute 
pin tucks in all sorts of wheel and battle- 
ment des'gns. 


This latter trimming .touch is shown on 
the lemon colored. organdy at the left. On 
this spirals of pin tucks policed by the 
faithful Valenciennes frills appear on 
both sleeves and skirt. This frock differs 
from the usual organdy model in the mat- 
ter of sleeves. Frequently sentim ‘i re- 
garding .this detail is satisfied by. some- 
thing above thé elbow, and in one char:n- 


‘ing dré.s from abroad the tiny. sleeves 


were made of this narrow Valenciennes 


frilling. 


As a last word to the prospective so- 
journer, forget not the popularity of the 
cape. This is shown even in suits to 
which, following a fashion launched by 


Patou, are now often attached cireular 
capes of self-fabric. A white flannel suit 


of this kind offered for Palm Beach is par- 
ticulerly stunning. | 


(Copyright, 1922, for The Constitution.) 


7) 
PDE One ny GE Arias apt 0 age a0 . 


Page Sixteen 


Sin i en nS 


‘—* me gy wes 


THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


Sunday, January 8, 1922 


[THE CONSTITUTION’S NOVEL-A-WEEK | 
The Knight of Lonely Land :-: : : 8:#cetor Gampber 


“marvelous new boots. 


-but overalls, 


" yours, 


-It’'s curious about me. 


house was only a darkened patch upon . 


the burned-out range, but it sent a wel- 
come to him that was like beckoning 
hands, for it was home. 

Besides his own ranch Billie couid 
glimpse the outskirts of the Circle O 
lying almost in the foothills, and much 
nearer, the Desmond place, known face- 
tiously as the Weed Patch. This was 
where old Barney Desmond and his daugh- 


ter Molly lived, and but for the girl’s sake 


there was not a rancher in this Wyoming 
valley who would not have been glad to 
see the last of the small farmer. 
place was only a quarter section, but in 
its. desolation it laid like a biot upon the 
valley with tumbledown buildings and rot- 
ting, rusty wire and a general air of hope- 
lessness. 


The trail was narrow and just ahead a 
huge face of granite uprising in the way 
caused a sharp detour. As she reached 
this spot Widow Green was startled by 
a horse and rider who appeared suddenly 
from behind the bowlder. 

“Hands up!” 

Billie Stranger was startled, too, or 
pretended to be, for he dropped his reins 
and elevated his hands in simulated 
terror. 

“Oh, please, mister, don’t shoot!” Billie 
begged. 

“What kind of candy you got in them 
saddicbags?” he demanded unexpectedly. 

Billie lowered his hands with a laugh. 

“Well, I'll be dog-goned. I'll bust my 
canteen if it ain’t a gal! A darn pretty 
little gal. "bout sixteen, with red hair ar 
all dressed up in britches. Huh! Betcha 
I know your name. Betcha there ain't a 


rider on this range that don’t. call you 


Little Britches.” 
“I betcha you betfer shell out what 


you got in the bags quicker’n scat? 

“Yes, ma’am.” ‘ 

Tuat ended the little byplay. Billic 
hunted in his pockets and found a‘ box 
that he had brought from the general 
store at Cat. Fork. It was done up in pink 
paper and tied with a gilt string, a heavy, 
chunky box which the ‘rider of the rvan 
horse aecepted shyly, forgetting the tom- 
boy frolic of five: minutes ago as though 
it had never been. She dropped her six- 
gun into its holster and fell to examining 
her prize with awed and childlike curi- 
osity. 

It was easy enough to mistake her fur 
a boy. She was a little thing, not in 
height, but in extreme slenderness. Her 
lithe body had all tho hard gracefulness 
of a youth with the delicacy of a young 
girl's fragile bones. She had a head of 
glorious red hair, cut short and curling 
close to her neck, which heightened her 
semblance to a boy. She wore a ragged 


-shirt with rolled-up sleeves that showed 


her thin arms, whose muscles were deii- 
cate and taut as fiddle-strings, and she 
gained her name from the faded btue 
overalls, patched and shrunken, but wor 
bravely, tucked in the tops of a pair of 
No one had erer 
seen Molly Desmond wearing anything 
usually discarded, made- 
over ones that had belonged to her father. 

The boots were the only portion of 


her costume that had not seen hard serv- 
‘ice, but she seemed oddly desirous of 


‘hiding their glittering newness from Bil- 


lie's eyes. He saw this and his teasing 


mood came back. . 

' “Well, if she aig’t held up some pore. 
lone cow-puncher an’ took his show 
-Jeather right off'n him.” 

She answered unsmilingly, flashing a 
look of resentment from her somber eyes. 

“Taint so. Poppy mail-ordered ‘em. 
You got no right tuh say I stole some- 
body's boots.” 

As Billie looked, his teasing ‘smile 
passed and his mouth became cold and 
stern. Her eyes read his face, searched 
and analyzed the unspoken question he- 


hind his lips. 


“Poppy's got a right to spend his 
money thé way he wants,” she cried in a 
‘choked voice. “It ain’t your business.” 
“ft reckon you're right about that,” he 
agreed. “But I’m just so constituted that 
when I see somebody tanglin’ their wires 
I got to interfere. An’ you're tanglin’ 
Britches. You ain't. tellin" me 
straight about them boots. Old Barney 
never give up thirty-five bones for shoe- 
leather since 1 went over to th’ Forks.” 
“You think I’m lyin’ to you*”’ 
“I know it, Britches. But I know you 
got some: good reason for it if you are. 
I always think 
about ‘you like you was my own folks— 
maybe my sister’s little kid. When you 
feel like you want to tell me about it, 


The | 


_The old, tragic triangle---two women and a 
man---this time on a Western cattle range, 
with cattle thieves and gun.fighting mixed in. 


“Oh, please, mister, don’t shoot!” he begged. 


just remember I like kids, won't you, 
Britches?” 

He got his answer, but not the One 
he expected. The roan broncho wheeled 
suddenly, bumping against Widow Green 
and sending her rearing. There was a 
yolley of flying gravel and the soft thud 
of something falling. The pink box land- 
ed on the trail ten feet away and the 
girl and her horse vanished around the 
boulder. 

The ranch came in view around a 


bend in the trail. It was much nearer 
now. There was smoke coming from the 
chimney. He could make out the figure 
of some one- standing in the doorway. 
The corral gate stretched  invitingly 
though disastrously open. Not a horse 
remained within its dusty confines, 
though. Billie had every right to expect 
a remount for next day. His first thought 
was to blame his friend and enrploye. 
Jack Backer, for turning the horse out. 


His hand was or the cinch of the 
saddie when the door of the house opened 
and a figure, the same he had glimpsed 
from the trail, came out. The stranger 
was an elderly man. His face was 
smooth-shaven though set with a thou- 
sand lines and absolutely blank of ex- 
pression. His clothes were the queeresi 
feature of his whole appearance; strange 
clothes to be seen at the Three Nines 
ranch. They were the silver-buttoned liv- 
ery of an English house-servant. The oid 
man looked harmless enough. As he re- 
mained silent, Billie opened negotiations 
with a noncommittal “howdy?” 

“I'm Billie Stranger, if you want to 
know, an’ bein’ a sort of curious cuss 
I'd like to know just who you are your- 
self, and what this ‘welcome home’ stufi 
is bein’ pulled on me for.” 

The louse was not much of a habita- 
tion, a roughly boarded two-room shack 
with a lean-to for cooking—the plain 
dwelling of two plain cow-punchers car- 
ing more for their “chow” than for frills 
with their blankets. It had seemed good 
enough—Billie had thought tenderly of 
it hungry and tired as he was—but when 
the person in the door wheeled on his 


. wantonness. 


heels, presenting an unobstructed view of 
the interior of the main room, Billic 
Stranger saw at once how miserably in- 
udequate it was. After the firat gasp 
Billie choked back a groan as his eyes 
took in the room and its contents. 

A girl who had been sitting by the 
table arose and returned his astonished 
stare with an untranslatable look of her 
own, and if the voiceless. figure in the 
door had been amazing, she was doubiy 
so. 

She was about twenty, tall and slender, 
with hands that looked like soft white 
cotton, and the neck of her dress showed 
a little three-cornered bit that matched 
them. Her face was white, too, except 
for the soft pink of her cheeks and the 
red of her lips. Her eyes were gray, 
clear and deep. 

“I am §So0 glad you passed this wey. 
We have been waiting all day for some 
one to come. -Perhaps—if you would be 
so kind, you might tell me sometiting. 
My uncle, the owner of this ranch, was 
not expecting me, evidently’”— 

“Yes, ma’am.” Billie admitted in a 
voice quite unlike his own. 

“Before I[ trcuble you. further,” the gen- 
tle voice continued, “may I ask if you 


pre acquainted with my uncle, Mr. Ner- 


man Hoyt? I wrote him that I was com- 
jing. I telegraphed and I cannot -under- 
stand why he is not here to meet me.” 


“I'm acquainted with Hoyt, if that's 
what you mean,” said Billie, “but as for 
knowin’ him, I couldn’t exactly say thai.” 

Relief flashed over her face. 

“My name is Geraldine Hoyt. I have 
come a long way—from England. I brought 
two of the old family servants with me: 
How can I! let him know’ about us?” 

He was a gambler and a waster, and 
the ranch had been staked as carelessiy 
as a handful of chips in a spirit of sheer 
Billie Stranger held- the 
threes that won it, and the foll he put 


~ up against the gambler’s bivuff had been 


every cent he owned in the world, so 
he held himself no better than Nornran 
Hoyt, though luckier. But this was no 


* Jarrow—our butler,” 


story to tell the pure-faced Bnglish giri. 
He knew that Hoyt had gone away; some- 
body had claimed to havé séen him in 
Arizona mouths age. Where he was now 
no one could say. From the way the 
girl speke it was certain she had fo 
suspicion that the property had passed 
into other hands. 

Billie covidn't bring himself to tell her 
the truth. He managed to say: 

“Well get word to him somehow.” 


Miss Hoyt said something in a iow 
tone to the monitor of the door, who dis- 


' appeared into the lean-to. Im spite of his 


bewilderment Billie’s curiosity stirred and 


he coujd not forbear a question. 


“What is he—a policeman?” he whis- 
pered.** py ee eee . oz 


“A policeman! Certainiy not. He is 
she said with a 
touch of asperity. “When there was 26 
other way—when I decided te come out, 
I asked him and Mrs. Moffatt if they 
wished to accompany me, and they were 


glad to leave England—it is not the same.” 


“Yes’m.” Billie agreed without kncw- 
ing to what he committed himself. 

“Perhaps I shouldn’t step you. You 
were On your way.’—she began anxiously. 

“No, no, I was just ridin’. You see, 
miss, I live here.” 

“Oh, why didn't you say so at first? 
if you are employed by my uncle then 
{ may speak plainly to you. My brothers 
were killed in France, and my father— 
it was too much for him, you see. He— 
he—went when things looked rather dark 
for us—before America came in. It was 
when the coast attacks were made. . He 
loved England very much and—and—he 
was old.”. Her brave voice faltered a 
little,“ but she went on steadily after a 
moment: “When I left home, it seemed 
the most natural thing in the world that 
{ shovld come to my uncle here—but 
now-—” 

She stopped. It was plain that a doubt 
had entered her mind. Then there was 
a quick transition in her manner. 

“If you are my uncle’s agent you must 
make every effort to get word to him at 
once that I am here,” she said crisply. 
“Where are my uncle’s horses? Surely he 
must have had a few with so much land!”’ 

‘There was a fair supply of precious 
winter hay in racks beyond the corral and 


_ to this shelter Billie led his horse. 


She was standing near the corral] when 
he walked past on his way to the unused 
bunk house—-which would be idle no Ion- 
rer. She came toward him timidly. “Did 
I do wrong to turn the ponies free?” she 
asked. ' 

He told her no and went on his way. 


CHAPTER Il. 
A Maid’s Way. 

Jack Baker heard the story in secrecy 
behind the hayracks, where his deplorable 
cayuse, known as Tomato Can from his 
battered’ outline and splotched red-and- 
white coat, had been cached in company 
with Widow Green. He heard Bitlie 
through with only an occasional comment, 
but his frientl and employer knew that he 
was duly impressed by the calamity fallen 
upon their establishment. 

“I know I'm a, dern fool,” Billie replied 
gravely. “I otta told her right off. But I 
leave it to you, Jack, how could I, taken 
by surprise thataway? An’ then when 
she begun fo talk I couldn't help standin’ 
there just dumb. She told me about ber 
folks bein’ killed—brothers, an’ her ol’ 
man kickin’ out. I couldn’t say nothin’, 
ll swear I couldn't.” 

“How you goin’ tuh get word to Hoyi?” 
asked Jack slowly. 

“f got to think it over,” Billie replied. 
“Meantime, I can’t see no harm in these 
folks stoppin’ over a spell.” He paused, 
running a-quirt through his lean fingers. 
“About this ranch, now. Three nines js 
an awful little hand to win a ranch cn. 
If it'd been four or a straight flush, I'4 
feel all right about it, but three nines —it 
don’t seem right fair to them folks in 
there.” : 

“Yas,” said Jack. His friend's logic 
was entirely plain to him and he did not 
attempt to argue. 

Then Billie Stranger remembered some- 
thing. He went over to his saddle and 
took an oblong pink box from one of the 
pockets. He entered the shack where 
Miss Hoyt was having her dinner. 

“I thought maybe you wasn’t used to 
the rough sort of livin’ out here,” he said 
gruffly, and put the open box of crushed 
chocolates before her, “so I brought these. 
Thére’s plenty over in Cat Cork. They're 
sorta mashed on top, but underneath 
they're all right.” 

. With two slim white fingers she dip- 
ped into the sticky mass and broke off a 
brown-and-white bit. 

“I’m very fond of sweets,” she replied 
with a little ripple in her voice as though 
she were about to cry, or laugh. “But 
you must not give them all to me.” 


She got up from the table and went to ‘ae 


EU Slt EERO RON 6 2 ORE AEST AT ATR shay PT, at en 


' of their existence. 


rE 


it 
if 


ii 


; 

5 

2 

aS 
ae 4 
$ 


creep over Billie. 
answer boldly. 


good hotels, 
‘wait wntil we round up your kin folks.” 

“] think not,” she said coldly. “I shall 
remain here until my wunele returns. You 
must get werd to him at once.” 

Jack —_ Billie — a. next morning 
before their surpri visit a sign 
The release of the horses 
‘was a small catastrophe that meant hours of 
| precious time lost before they could be 
‘pounded up and the desired ones cut from 
(the bunch. The horses on the Three Nines 
range were not saddle stock—-most of them 
were unbroken outlaws, and the saddle-wise 
‘ones were quick to revert to the savage 
state with freedem. 

y they don't take up with ol’ I B 
Dam,” Jatk grumbled, drawing in his cinch. 
“That sorrel devil ain’t a real hoss. He’s 
some sort of a witch—a witch’s hoss, you'd 

y.” 

“I'll shoot him some day when -he makes 
me mad,” predicted Billie briefly. 

hey mounted and rode away, taking the 
lower trail that would bring them near the 
focthilis, where they were reasonably certain 
of finding the horses. 

“We'll be all right when we catch th’ 
horses. I don’t want them white-faces tuh 
ramble too near the foothills.” The note of 
uneasiness persisted in Jack’s voice. “Cam- 
berwell’s men have takem to ridin’ along th’ 
lower trail”— 

“Don't say it.” 

Their eyes met significantly as they had. 
met last night when Norman Hoyt’s name 
was mentioned between them. There were 
many @hings not to be spoken of. They both 
ew iis, and Jack turned the talk to other 
chan ‘ 

Theif search bro them to the out- 
skirts of the Circle O. Far ahead they saw 
a group of men and horses gathered near a 
section of the wire fence. 

“Th’ wire must be down,” said Jack. “If it 
is ol’ Patten will be tearin’ mad.” - 

His iction was correct, for when the 
two joined the Cirele O men a little later, 
they found a sulphurous condition and a 
mutilated section of wire with the marks 
of a cutter too plainly upon it to admit the 
possibility of accident. ~ 

“Yas, we lost a bunch of calves through 
here, all right,” Patten told them with a 
grim face. “We'll put up th’ wire an’ then 
we'll start in lookin’ for our stock. We'll 
find it, teo.” 

Somebody had seen Billie’s horses a few 
miles farther on, and he and Jack rode that 
way in silence. Not many words passed 
between them until they came in sight of the 
whorses—not feeding contentedly as’ might 
have been expected at that hour, but circling 
around a large area, their speed increasing 
with every stride. At their head galloped the 
leader, a lithe stallion with ea brilliant, pale- 
red coat and mune and tail of the biackest. 

“Tl B Dam has got ‘em,” eried Jack. 

“Spread, an’ we'll catch what we can.” 

Jack was on his way to a wide detour be- 
fore the words left Billie’s mouth. Billie 
(teok another direction, which brought him 
earer the circling horses, and when he got 
n closer range he saw the real cause of the 
, trouble. A horse and rider were in the tail 
of the group. 

“Little Britches,” Billie muttered angrily. 
“What's she up to now?” 

He was soon to know. The girl swung an 
arm above her head and a rope spun out. 


. its coil settled gracefully around the stal- 


jion’s left hind feot and in a second he was 
| floundering helplessly on the ground. When 
‘Billie reached the spot she had the saddle 
from her roan’s back and the stallion neatly 
trussed against the time she would release 
him. Billie was mad clear threugh. 

“What you doin’ to I B Dam?” he re- 
peated sternly. “Come away from that horse 
an’ I'll turn him ieose.” 

“You'll not,” she answered fiercely. “I 
roped him. I’m goin’ tuh ride him.” 

“Ride him?” Billie laughed, though he did 
not feel like laughter. “You're crazy, child. 
He’d eat you up!” ; : 

“You act like I was dirt,” she cried in 
sudden passion. “I will ride I B Dam. [Pll 
show you. You can’t-laugh at me or step on 
me, either.” She was trembling; the rope 
dropped from her hands. 

“Was thaf why you wanted to ride him?” 
he asked gently. “To make me think ‘Gee, 
what a wonderful Molly Carmencita 
Desmond is!’ when I saw you doing it?” 

“Yes,” she breathed. 

“You don’t have to ride I B Dam to make 
me think that. You’re the best little girl I 
know, Britches.” 

She looked up at Billie shyly through her 

long lashes. 


“\’d like to have my candy now,” she said.. 


Billie brought the horses home alone and 
Jack rode out after the cattle. In the stern 
business of cutting out their horses there 

‘had been no more talk with Little, Britches, 
'and when it was over she took the trail to 
the Weed Patch, riding proudly away on her 
roan broncho, Dude, without once looking 
back. But Billie gave her little thought. He 
‘was troubled about the wire-cutting at the 

Cirele O. 

There was no sign of life about the ranch 
when he rode up, buat while he was busy 
about the corral Mrs. Moffatt came out of 
the house and approached. She had a piece 
ei r in her hand. . 

“I'll have to ask you to get these things 

for us, Mr.—Mr.—Stranger,” she said in a 
‘low voice, as though she feared being over- 
‘heard. “You can see it is not very comfort- 
able for Miss ‘Geraldine, so I made a list of 
a few little articles.” 


He took the paper and glanced at the 
enumerated list which, in copper-plate hand- 
writing, asked for thin that had never 
been heard of in Cat Fork. 


“Pll have te tell you, lady,” he answered 
without the quiver of an eyelash, “Ol’ Doc 
Gates that keeps stere hasn't much gumption 
about nice fixin’s. I sheuldn’t be sufprised 
now, if he had to send clean to Cheyenne for 
some of these groceries, but such as he’s 

t in stock [ll fetch over as soon as them 

renches can make it there an’ back.” 


He coared two wi bronchos into the 
traces of the buckboard and soon they were 


ing it ever the trail ip a syccession of 


¢ § 


“toward the hills bat 
bringing back 


But something was happening in the strest. és 


“! wonder what ails th’ boys?” Doc Gates 
leaned over his counter, forgetting business 
in | Rew 

lazing idlers, drawing them together 
groups. A whisper ran through the air like a 
train of sparks, dying as it flashed its mes- 


sage. : 

fhe store was directly opposite the build- 
ing which had once housed the Palace bar, 
and from where Billie was he had an oblique 
view of the door that opened from the corner 
of the vacant saloon. A man stood in this 
entrance. He stood far back, concealed by 
the door, which was half open; from the 
street he would net be noticed, and from the 
store opposite his face was not discernible. 
His attitude was of intense watchfulness. 

Billie’s eyes wandered. A man came out of 
the Dillon hotel-and advanced toward one of 
the groups who stood here and. thcre united 
by this common whisper. He was a tall, lean- 
faced man with a star on his breast and he 
waiked with an air of authority. 

“Thar’s Sheriff Cooper,” said Doc Gates, 
i a reheved sigh. “Now we'll know what 


s 

“An’ there’s Milt Holley,” Billie added 
with interest. “When did he come back and 
where's he been ?” 

Milt Holley, who had been one of the 
group the sheriff was about to join, left it 
at that moment and advanced to meet Cooper. 
From his position Billie saw everything that 
happened. At the moment. of the meeting of 
Cooper and Milt Holley, which caused their 
isolation in the middle of the street, he had 
turned his gaze to the man in the Palace bar 
door. He saw this hidden figure lean for- 
ward for a better view and saw the flash of 
the gun that followed. A second later his own 
gun echoed the roar of the first, and the 
man in the saloon door threw up a hand 
frem which the blood spattered in a little 
crimson shower. His gun went spinning into 
the street and was trampled on a dozen 
times before it was recovered. The crowd, 
roaring out a sudden fury for revenge, bore 
down upon the gencral store,.and Billie 
Stranger saw beyond them a still figure lying 
face downward in the dust. Milt Holley 
"Billie 5 ixigge back 

illie Stranger dro his six-gun c 
into its cee. ite Ais 

“I never shot him,” he said to the sheriff. 
“Th’ galoot I winged was over in th’ Palace 
bar. He was layin’ for somebody an’ I was 
watchin’ him. It was por’ ol’ Milt.” 

Doc Gates had seen it all, and by the time 
they found the forty-five in the street and the 
bloodstains on the opposi 

a . Every 
here the horses 


. One 
r, the sheriff, rode out 
they had little hope of 
their man with ease. The 
thing had been tee well planned for 
There were many more implicated than the 
actual murderer who had escaped through 
the empty saloon. The thought was in every 
mind that among the crowd, perhaps in the 
sheriff’s posse itself, were the secret hands 
that hed cut the tie ropes and cinches. 


From various sources Billie pieced together 
the unfinished story. Milt Holley had been 
away from Cat Fork for several weeks. 
Somebedy had seen him on the other side of 
Raining Rock witha strange outfit. Then he 
had appeared that afternoon, full of seme 
news he would give in detail only te the 
sheriff. An account of the wire cutting on 
the Circle O property had already reached 
Cat Fork and been given its due meed of 
prognostication, and a suspicion grew with 
every word that Milt's story cencerned this 
event. But he never had a chance to tell it. 
The bullet from the Palace bar had clipped 
his first words in their utterance and now 
ony would ever know just what Milt had 

ell. 


Billie loaded up his wagon and started 
home. He left everything to Doc Gates, who 
changed and supplemented the list as he 
chose. Billie was not thinking of Geraldine 
Hoyt or of Mollie Carmencita Desme and 
it was not his fault that the wishes of ene 
hed been provided for and the other ieft un- 
fulfilled. The storekeeper had stocked the 
wagon, but there was no mention of chocolate 
creams upon the list. Billie had meant to 
make reparation and replace one pink box 
with another. But be had forgotten. . 


CHAP. Hi—Raining Rock. 


Three Nines ranch was ten miles from the 
narrow ss known as Raini Reck which 
formed the gateway of a forbidding chain 
ef hills that stubbornly refused to lend 
themselves to trails; and because the Rock 
held the threat of death so closely above the 
heads of those who ventured to pass beneath 
its frowning menace, it happened that there 
was less and less eof communicatien between 
the ranches on either side of the hijis. 

Camberwell’s ranch was on the far side 
and there was not much in common between 
his outfit and other men. They were an un- 
pociable set and held their grievances as 
their own. They were bold enough, how- 
ever, for when they chose they rode through 
Raining Rock pass as though it were a fie 
of flowers. 

The Pass was like the accomplishment of 
some demon landscapist, for it never let you 
forget its menace. The touch of a hoof 
brought from the sliding face of shale that 
sloped away to great. heights a gentle drift 
of tiny pebbles, too small to hurt the weakest 
thing, “yet threatening with the thousand 
tens that lay behind m. The narrew cut 
through the crumbli hills was shelving 
rock underfcot and split 4 a crevice that 
swallowed the dripping pebbles as they fell. 
Tons had drifted down and tons would follew 
before the avalanche, but the crevice had 
taken them all. 


Experimentists had climbed a narrow foct 
trail to the of the shale hiil from the 
other side, and looking down had seen the 
teeth that held the avalanche back. Groups 
of smal! bowlders here and there, ou 

ing from its dece'tful face, kept back 

, and as time denuded them, the disin- 
tegrating mountain supplied more shale to 
fill their arms. At the tep there was a nar- 
row ledve of these small jutting rocks, clese- 

none of m teo lafge 


father. 


eae 
agit 


f 


The day following Billie’s trip te town, 
Miss Hoyt sent for him. ; 
“T'm Mrs. Moffatt asked you to — 


her face and her eyes sparkled—‘“I love 
ride. There are so many horses here, 
should like to choose one for myself.” 
There was not a horse in the corral except 
Jack’s treasured pinto that a fess accom- 
lished rider than himself might approach. 
re tried to tell her so quictly end gently 
but he saw at once that she was di ase 
and offended. 
“Iam accustomed to riding,” 
coolly, and threw a contemptuous 
the direction the corral would 


to 


be. 


ee a ee tS 
a vi was too we 
known fo: discusston. | 

“T'll gentle ont for you right away,” he 

romised. “Thege hosses just natcherally 
dent like wimmin.” 

“Please don’t bother,” she retorted briefly. 
“[ shall walk if I cannot have a proper 
mount.” 


Miss Hoyt watched from the window as 
he strode off toward the bunk house. When 
he passed out of sight, Geraldine teok 7 4 
Papen 0 and looked at # leng and s iy: 
t was the picture of a handsome young fel- 
low in uniform, with a sword beside him 
and with eyes that smiled calmly at her. 

The yo statgg So d Biltic had.some business 
at the Weed and turned his horse’s 
head that way just before neon. He found 


‘Desmond sitting on a -bench outside the 


door, smoking ituxurio while sounds 
from the rear of the shack proclaimed his 
daughter's presence there. He gave Billie 
no time to state his own reasons for coming 
but immediately opened the subject of the 
shooting et Cat Ferk. 

“Moliy was over trere yest’day, an’ heard 
about it. Th’ gurl was ail set up about it. 
She couldn't see as it was your business to 
put into th’ affair.” 

As he finished speaking his daughter came 
from the ceok room and gave Billic a short 
nod, veiling her darif eyes from any speech 
they might utter. 7 

“| did say that,” she staid defiantly; 
“‘“*wasnt nene of your feneral. What do 
you want tuh fight Milt Holity’s battles 


for?’ : 

Billie returned her leek calmly. 

“{ don’t. Not if Milt had teen battlin’. 
But you see he was a-standin’ there with his 
back to th’ feller ‘in th’ Palace—th’ best tar- 
get a man could ask. Before that he was 
mixed up in th’. crowd alongside them ga- 
loots that cut. th’ tie-repes—friends of th’ 
guy who did th’ shootin’. So long as target 
shootin’ was fashiotiable I thought I qnight 
as weil take a hand.” 

Her lip curled scornfually. 

“Se you had tuh make a target outa your- 
self,” she said bitterly. “How long is it 
— tuh be before you get plugged in th’ 

ck some day when you're ridin’ fence? 
You can’t knock off a man’s r finger 
without him or his friends gettin’ even.” 

A look passed between the girl and her 
If Billie had seen it, he would have 
wondered at the veiled menace, the threat 
that was in Desmond’s face, and at the flash 


of fear that crossed her countenance fer a 


o~,* singly, but united forming s was supposed tuh be 


ment. : 

“Well,” he said mildly, at — “I reckon 
it’ll be some time, tehes. You see, if I 

his trigger hand it’ll-take a sight of 
ectorin’ up after runnin’ iato my ol’ six- 
gus.” 

“But the others? Don’t you knew the 
others will get you?” 3 

She disregarded her father’s ferious 
glance, but the second slip did net get by 
upnoticed. | 

“The others!” he repeated instantly. 
“How do know there are others?” 

Desmond barst inte a loud cackling laugh, 
as mirthiess as laughter could be. 

“I reckon Biilie Stranger wouldn’t have 
many enemies on this range if all the folks 
was guris,” he chuckled, then his uncanny 
merriment tarned to a scowl. “Get in th’ 
house, oe an’ get that grub ready.” 

Her brooding eyes flung a bitter retort as 
she obeyed, and Billie began to talk to the 
old man ef some fences he wanted repaired. 

nd, who seemed te get a living from 
the air, sometimes helped on a fenre job. He 
promised to help with unsual alacrity, and 
after dinner the three started out‘te inspect 
the wire along the northern boundary of the 
Three Nines’ property. Billie a Little 
Britches rode well in_advance and Desmond 
on his own dejected animal brought up the 


rear. 

“Doe Gates was tellin’ around that you 
neat bought out his store,” she said, “an 
what he didn’t have in steck you was wantin’ 
see to AN das for.” They said in Cat 

ork you mi ex in’ ny. 

“Well, th’ is,” Seat deen “that 
comp’ny has already come---but they didn’t 
come a-visitin’ me exactly.” 

He went ever the story of Norman Hoyt’s 
niece as briefly as he could, trying to make 
light of the whole matter out only conveying 
to her a condition of confusion and em- 
barrassment. Little Britches listened intent- 


ly and the effect of the recital upon him was > 


not lost to her. Her horse, under the spur, 
shot forward a few yards and when he over- 
took her she said in a strange, sharp little 
voice: ‘ 

“I reckon she’s mighty pretty, an’ dresses 

ut Bi was ge of explaining 
himself to persons who had no actual t 
to question him. He answeged in a voice 
a not know and his eyes had stopped 
smiling. 

“tt don’t matter what she looks like: why 
she come cr how long she s. Th’ real 
important thing is that she her time 

’ tests up out her where there’s nothin’ 
to bether her. She's come from over there 
where folks had to stay awake 
years, not knowin’ just when 
tuh drop on ’em from the 

> an’ 


eee 


i. 


ss 
ris: 
Pet 


f 


rk next day. 
hen Billie came in sight of the ranch 
m ew Jack had him, for 
ch age the red and white pinto in the corral. 
was getting supper. 
“I got a revelation tuh make,” he said. 
Shy you have it now or wait till after we 
ve 


“I, fave it now,” Billie returned with 
equal seriousness. 

““% come up in a talk I had with ol’ Tin 
Buttons,” Jack said portentously, referring 
to Jarrow. “What he this. 


eee 38 


was bévause they know’'d ~ 
uncle better’n she did, her bein’ : 

when he went away, over th’ seas like. 
“There’s a reason for her throwin’ herseif 
an’ the other rties, so to ey in her 
uncle’s lap, an’ here it is. e hed two 
rs, two besides the one that get th’ 
family napkins. Her otd@ man had been 


_ cherishin’ a notien to make ranch men ovta 


these two, an’ years an’ years before the juss 
started over there, he was sendin’ out money, 
all he could spare, ts his brother Norman, 
to be spent on makin’ a model ranch fer 
these young ones. What he forgot was that 
ol’ Norm himself was no late model, an’ you 
wouldn't have te read his diary te guess 
where th’ money went. Of course, this young 
female, when th’ sheriff foreclosed, thought 
about her pa’s fine model ranch, an’ she 
natcherally argued, both brothers bein’ dead 
in th’ fightin’, she had a right to their share, 
improvements an’ all. Barrin’ her bein’ dis- 
appointed about th’ improvements, here she 
is, without a nickel to take her back an’ noth- 
a if she got there. That’s- the situation, 
ie.” : 

His stery ended in a heavy silence. Billie 
pushed the coffee pot to the middlc of the 
stove where it promptly boiled over. 

“Shacks. You could have said ail that ten 
minutes ago,” was his only comment. 


CHAP. IV—Tarvet Practice. 

Billie forget to think of Little Britches 
wrtil one day he found her shooting at a 
target in a lonely part of her fathcr’s quar- 
ter section. Her herec was tethered a /itile 
distance away, and the girl herself was 
standing in middie ef the field, binzing 
away with her six-gun at a target nailed to 


a stun. 
It was Widow Green who brought the tar- 
shooting to an end. She did not cre for 
iets at eny time, and her consistent 
plunging drew the attention of the girl from 
her serious amusement. She did not smile 
as was her habit at sight of Billie Stranger . 
but dropped the revoiver in its holster and 
came gravely forward to meet him. 

“You aimin’ to go gunnin’ for somebody ?” 
Billie inquired, striving. to dissipate the 
cloud. that seemed to have come between 

“Who's been gettin’ your mad up?” 

“Nobody,” she answered shortly, refusing 
te smile and looking toward her target. “/ 
reckon there ain’t any law net a persen 
shooting straight. ain't rd ef any 


bein’ passed.” . 

“Neither have I,” he agreed with her 
cheerfully. “Only it does seem like a power- 
fal waste of _ for you to be shoot- 
in’, Britches. Nehody’s got any spite on you.” 

“There’s no tellin’ when somebody will ze 
a spite on me,” she said somberly. “Folks 
are changeable around here. You don’t know 
just how te take tome of them. I want to be 
ready when the change comes.” 

“When it does you call on me,” Billie said, 
falling inte her serious mood. “My ol’ six- 
gun, she’s always a 

They were moving slowly toward the roan 
horse when she speke again. 

“] talked to that lady who’s visitin’ your 
house.” 

“Her?” he mumbled. “Where'd you see 
her?” | 

“Walkin” over iin the direction of Rainin’ 
Rock,” she answered, and Billie was betrayed 
into an exclamation. “I was some surprised 
to see her over there afoot ,nd I thought she 
was lost, maybe. ut no, she wasn’t lost. 
I felt kinda ashamed to be ridin’ and her 
walkin’ alongside; but she wouldn’t have it 
any other way. Said it was what she wanted.’ 

“She didn't,” Bitlie interrupted, too bitter- 
ly ashamed for silence. “She wanted a horse 
the worst way—as me for one, but what 
could I do, Britches? I didn’t have nothin’ a 
ledy could ride.” 

“Oh, she was all right,” the girl assured 
him in a queer voice. “I went home with her 
thinkin’ she might meet ap with a rattler 
somewhere, an’ her totin’ no gun. She was 
terrible nice to me. She made me come in 
and the old party fixed up some grub. Then 
when we was through eatin’ she brought out 
a box of candy and apologized because there 
wasn’t but two or three pieces left. She 
gave me the box when I said it was pretty.” 

A queer foreboding came over him as 
listened to this; a totally unjust feeling of 


guilt. ; 
' “I got th’ box,” said Little Britches simply. 


‘tT been usin’ it for-a target. 
jandy one. Want to sec?”+ +, 
They walked across the ».. Ale field and 


stopped at the stum there at 
tee would be abou 


It made a 


mounting 

conversation turned upon catt 

fences and what not. The 

was not ment again. 
Billie rode over'to Cat Fork next day 

the first time since the shooting 


for 
ilt 


goed son 


view he had chesen to 
while the Widow idled 


. __. aianthamindmmnndiian ie manll 


P 


‘Page Eighteen . 


‘tmpertect to begin with, and bearing evi- 
dences of rebranding. ; 


, friendly manner approach 
‘an air of proprietorship. He was a stranger 
‘to Billie.. There wag only one point of which. 


‘ erowbait, anyway,” 


--with a broken 


F 


an ~_-— 


Just as he completed his inspection a man 
entered the yard, and eying him in an un- 
the mare with 


the observer could be certain: he was not a 
, native of the cow country. He eyed Billie 


- with a saturnine look and went te his stall 


with ‘suspicion written plainly on his face. 

“You made up your mind about my herse?” 
he inquired insoiently. 

At the sight of the owner, Billie had at 
once placed the queer, indistinct brand. The 
horse belonged to the Camberwell outfit and 
the man as well. 

“I was’ just wonderin’ who rode this ol’ 
he . answered, -grinning 
good-naturedly. é 

Camberwell’s man, without moving an eye- 
lash, took in every point of the haif-broken 
broncho from the Three Nines, now nerveus- 
ly stamping hay in the next stall. - " 

“Speaking of  horseflesh,” .he | said, . “I 


- wouldn’t want to give offense, but I ani *curi- 


ous to know jist what you mean to dédicate 


. that creature to.” ~~: 


+ “1 wouldn't want tuh say,” Billie returned 
seriously. “Now, this hoss of mine, he was 
bred on th’ Three Nines. range. I don’t ex- 
pect to trade him or sell him,’ because~I 
don’t expect no cow-puncner in these parts 
can saddi¢ him. Don't look scared, stranger, 
I ain’t tryin’ tuh push him’ off on you. I 
got a conscience, I have, an’ if I seen you 
rit! é rib or collar bone, along’ of 
ridin’ or tryin’ to ride’ my hoss, I'd be plum 
remorseful. No, you got a nice, ladylike 
‘ little mare here, that suits you down tun th’ 

round. You’re foolish‘ to be ldéokin’ at’a 


. he-animal Itke this one.” 


Camberwell’s man ‘was loosening the girths 
of his own saddle -by this time.. In three 
seconds it was. on’ BiHie’s horsé, against 
Bijlio’s ardent protests. se 

_. “Don’t. blame. me if you get ‘hurt. I’m 
tellin’ yuh he’s a real hoss. - Better come 
back an’ get your own little cayuse while 
you can.” - char 

Talk like this could have but one result. 
Camberwell’s man would have ridden Billie’s 

- horse if he had-died for it... And as it hap- 
ponene Billie had not exaggerated the possi- 
ilities of his half-broken -proncho. 

Camberwell’s man was a rider, and for a 

half hour Cat Fork was entertained by every 
variety of fancy bucking whicn the disordered 
brain or a half-mad horse could conceive. 
. When the battle that ended in triumph for 
_bit and, spurs was over, an admiring group 
followed the conqueror back to the feed- 
yard. Billie’s outfit was on the sorrel mare 
and he was in the act of mounting. ‘He wore 
a crestfallen air. Before the other man 
could speak he made a large gesture of re- 
nunciation, 

“You got him honest, stranger. I’m a man 
of my word, and when I say go ahead an’ 
take him, [ mean just that. I never go back 
on a bet no matter what it costs me. The 
hoss is. yours.” 


The conclusion of the speech found Billie 
in the saddle, waying an amiable farewell 
from the entrancg of the feed-yard. The 
other man opened his mouth to protest, but 
his voice was drowned in a flood of admiring 
commeit upon his horsemanship. Billie 
moved quickly when he moved at all, and in 
a moment it was -teo late to revoke the trade 
that had never been made, 

Billie went his way in the full conscious- 
ness of haying performed that: remarkable 
feat known as killing two birds with one 
stone. All the way home he grinned at the 
yore which had put him in possession of the 

orse he desired. He, too, thought of the 
double brands on the mare’g shoulder, but it 
was with keen satisfaction. He had a bit of 
evidence there which Camberwell would have 
to explain one of these days, and Cooper was 
gathering all the evidence he could. 

A hals-mile from the ranch house he saw 
from the winding trail moving figures be- 

ond the corral. Little Britches was there. 

he other figure was Geraldine Hoyt, and 
the horse that stood seemingly’ quiet enough 
with Little Britches’ hand upon its rein was 
the outlaw, I B Dam. He tried to think that 
he was mistaken—that it was another horse 
Molly Desmond was persuading. Geraldine 
to mount, but his eyes could not lie. He 
. dared not side upon them shouting the warn- 
‘ing that was on his lips, or take any meas- 
| ure that would excite the uncertain temper of 
‘the outiaw stallion. No one could predict 
i what -he would do in time of stress. He 
‘might turn upon the girl and trample her 
life out in a second, or he might stand 
quietly as he was standing now, a monu- 
ment of uncertainty. 

He was near enough to call now and he 


. lifted his voice, trying to keep it steady and 


ney ga the cold terror that clutched his 
eart. 

“Don’t try 40 get on that horse. 
I get there—for God’s sake!” 

he looked up and saw him, smiled in a 

provocative way and swung herself inte the 
saddie as easily as Little Britches herself 
might have done. Then; wonder of wonders! 
The outiaw stoed perfectly still for a’ mo- 
ment, and in that breadth of time, Geraldine’s 
life was on the knees of the gods. The girl 
spoke to him lightly, confidentially, and he 
trotted easily away. As Geraldine touched 
the saddle, Little Britches s ang nimbly to 
safety. She did not hear Billie’s voice or 
know of his presence until -he drew- rein be- 
side her.. They measured each other for a 
Py poate tf 

“Why?” Nie asked. 


She was the first to. turn away, but she 
moved with none of her old gay: impudence. 


‘Her slim shoulders drooped; her face was 
‘drawn into old lines. She caught the roan’s 
‘rein and threw herself inte the saddle. With- 
out a werd she turned into the trail that led 
‘to the Weed Patch. es - 
Geraldine and the outlaw horse, moving 
-swiftly across the open range, grew small in 
‘a moment. Once or twice it had happened 
before; I B Dam had been successfully rid- 
‘den, not through conquering but because he 
chose to have it so. By a freak of fortune 
‘this was one of the times, and there was still 
a chance that Geraldine might escape the fate 
‘which had seemed a certainty. When he saw 
‘that she was safe for the moment, Billie 
‘turned to the corral where Widow Green 
‘gulked in isolation and quickly shifted his 
outfit to her. She was the only horse whose 
speed could ba depended on te overtake the 


other, | 
The Widow was fresh and ate up the trail. 


Billie could see the girl ahead all tha tiie, 
“slim, graceful. Suddenly the stallion s)/érvéed, 
‘turning - half-way eround and coming to an 
‘abrupt atop. His head, lifted high, scented 
his herd. He stood there like a beautiful 
i statue, unconscious of the gentle urging of 
_his rider; then with an almost human cry his 
forequarters lifted in the air, high, incredibly 


er. 
Jump!” shouted Billie Stranger. “Jump, 
giril” a ltt ne ee ca 


‘ was to be her own. 


Wait till. 


THE SUNDAY: CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE as 


He did not wait this time. Widow Green 
tore over the distance that separated them, 
and as the stallion’s forefeet left the earth, 
the rope from Billie’s saddle horn circled and 
went singing out to meet its mark. Geraldine 
proved that she could tmnnx quickly. At the 
instant the rope tightened -a the stal- 
lion’s forelegs sne kicked her feet free from 


. the stirrups and threw herself backward clear 


of the plunging creature that crashed to the 
ground with the Comers of the rope. As 
-his quick glance assured him of her safety, 
Billie flung himself from his horse and in a 
little while th® struggle was ended. The sad- 
dle and bridle were on the ground and beau- 
tiful I B Dam was galloping away. 

“What made you ride that horse when I told 
zee there wasn’t one on th’ range fit for you?” 
e ; ‘isterniy ii - CH, mh Sep 4 fet 

She found her eyes drooping. 

“Why—why—the little girl said—” and 
s din distress. ~ 

““He’d have killed you by this time,” Billie 


. i tg briefly, not trying ‘to soften facts. 


‘He’s a man-killer, a devil horse.” 
_ She studied his face and what she saw 
' there paled her own. She knew that he spoke 
the truth and that she had been in the great- 
ést peril. They were. both thinking of the 
‘hand that had struck in the dark; Geraldine 
remembered how Little Britches had come to 
’ her. with a proposal that they ride out to- 
gether.* She. had ee tee eit” norse and noth- 
ing-had been 8aj)d of his-eyil ways. Geraldine 
“had been abandoned to her fate as truly as 
though some-“weapon of destruction were 
used, - The Desmond girl meant for her to die. 
Many times before the two reached the 
ranch house it was on Geraldine’s -lips to ask 
Billie Stranger what it all meant; but always 
the qhestion was unspoken.- There was some- 
‘thing about him that held her ‘ata distance. 
~~ iy suppose I shall never ride now,” she 
Said. - ‘ 
That made him remember tke new horse. 
“You can ride any time, day or night,” he 
’ said, and told her about the sorrel mare that 
She was as delighted as 
a child and insisted on going to the corral at 
once to be shown her new possession. 


Chap. V—Camberwell’s. 

Thieves had run off another bunth of Cir- 
cle O cattle and early the next morning Bil- 
lie was miles away in company with Jim 
Cooper, the sheriff, who arrived with day- 
break and as silently, Before they started 
they paid a visit to the corral where the new 
horse stood and Cooper took a mental pho- 
tograph of the brand on her shoulder. Until 
they came to Raining Rock Pass nothing was 
said by either that bore in the remotest de- 
gree upon the business in hand. 

“That old pile of gravel has laid there a 
long time,” said Billie, looktng at the face of 
shale. “Maybe she might stand a lot of jarrin’ 
yet before she’d fall all at once.” 

“Maybe,” Cooper agreed. “If somethin’ 
started it ¢omin’ from on top, now, I won’t 
say the whole blame works wouldn’t come at 
once, but it’d take more’n a bunch of horses 
or cows passin’ through to bring it down.” 

“Specially if they went slow an’ careful an’ 
didn’t hurry none,” Billie finished. 

When they had gone forward a few yards 
Billie spoke again. 

“Every 
range could have been sneaked through here 
as well as nots We've been right accommo- 
datin’, it strikes me, swallerin’ that story 
about th’ Pass cavin’ in so easy. It’s never 
stopped *Camberwell’s men visitin’ our side 
whenever they apiense, that I can see.” 

“That’s so. aybe they’li take our call sort 
of neighborly.” 

When Billie and the sheriff drew rein be- 
fore Camberwell’s ranch house there was no 
one in sight. The cold windows told them 
nothing; they pierced the wall above a man’s 
head and it was not easy to come near enough 
for a glance within. The two men dismounted 
without hesitation. They knew that they were 
being watched; but they secured their horses 
and knocked’ for admittance with no hint of 
this suspicion about them. 

It was a long minyte before the door was 
opened and a Chinaman stood grinning va- 
cantly on the threshold. He admitted them to 
a long, low room with a huge fireplace and 
went to find his master. Billie stood up when 
Camberwell entered. He looked embarrassed 
and fingered his hat nervously. 

‘IT didn’t come over here tuh bother you,” 
he began to explain awkwardly. “I just hap- 
pened to run into th’ sheriff here an’ I guess 
his business is so much more important than 
mine that I better wait until another time, so 
if you'll excuse me—” : 

Camberwell returned a long look te this 
ingenuous speech. 2 

“There is time for everything. Perhaps I 
had better hear your matter first.” 

He was a man‘of fifty, tall, weather-beaten, 
with eyes as cold and expressionless as the 
windows of his house, and a mouth that be- 
trayed the weaknesses and vices of an un- 
disciplined, cruel nature. He measured the 
younger man with hard serutiny. Billie ac- 
cepted a chair with a smile that carried out 
the role he had elected to play. 

“I was wantin’ to speak with you about one 
of your riders,” he said, “fella I traded horses 
with over in Cat Fork yesterday.” There was 
the faintest change in Camberwell’s expres- 
sion. 

“Did you* bring the horse with you?” he 
asked. - | . 

-Billie smiled ingenuously. 

“I should say not. What I wanted was tuh 
trade for another one.” | é 

“You are—” Camberwell said. 

“Billie Stranger of the Three Nines.” - 

Camberwell leoked him over with a new 
interest. 

“I have heard of you,” he said. “You are 
tHe man who won a ranch on a very ordinary 
poker hand and plenty of nerve. — 
the men are about the place, I believe. Pres- 
ently. we will go out and see what they have 
in the corral.” ‘ é eee 

He turned to Cooper with a change in his 
manner. ; : 

“Is your business with me of a confidential 
nature, Mr. Cooper?” - 

“I don’t know as it is, Mr. Camberwell,” the 
sheriff returned with deliberation. ‘Billie 
Stranger, here, is one of us. He stands to 
lose the same as everybody else if this coun- 
try isn’t cleaned up an’ made safe for honest 
men to live in. I reckon he’s interested in th’ 
subject of cattle rustlin’ same as Charley Pat- 
ten of th’ Circle GO, for instance.” 

Camberwell replied dryly: 

“Naturally, E 
Jates a rustier as a matter ofcourse, I heard 
that Patten has lost some stock. Have you 
traced them to: this-side?” ree. 

Cooper was not prepared for this cool move, 
but he kept his guard. 

“No,” he replied. “I wouldn't hardly look 
for 'em over here. I wanted to ask you if 
you know of a man whose shootin’ hand was 
put out of workin’ order with bullet, a week 
or two ago?” : 

Camberwell shook his head, _ 


big corral, some of them speaking to 


dogie that's gone off the valley . 


' violently; 


Several of | 


* 
very man who breeds cattle 
“there. 


“You mean the fellow who did the shooting 
o 


at Cat Fork? I know nothing about him, 
course. If I did you wouldn't have to come 
here and ask me. 

There was nothing but hospitality in Cam- 
berwell’s invitation to stop for dinner 
that Billie could see some of the men and 
gees make a satisfactory bargain in 

orsefiesh. On the way to the corral Cam- 
berwell led his gusts througa an empty pas- 


sage with a deep sunken door on either side. ‘ 


This ssage opened directly upon a wide 


veranda at the back, latticed and fairy well 


covered with growing vines. A young Mexi- 
can boy sat on the railing twanging a small 
mandolin and a woman was seated in a low 
chair near by. There was another chair close 
beside her and its rockers were swaying as 


. though it: had’ been Hastily® vacatéd: ° As‘ the 


three men stepped from the door the woman 
sprang up, startled. She was young and 
rather gayly dressed and she was. beautiful 
in a hard, bright way. . She was plainly 
frightened, too, and her eyes sought Cam- 
berwell’s in a furtive, entreating way. He 
passed her with a slight nod, explaining, 
“My housekeeper, Mrs. Atwood,” and the two 
men returned her wide-eyed look with em- 
barrassed neds. 

A half dozen men were idling around the 
ther 
in low voices, others alone in aloof silence. 
They. were like men under vigilant .com- 
mand, tense, poised, waiting for orders.  Bil- 
lie sensed. this as soon as he’ came amotig 
them, but his poise was as secure as their 
own; and he gave no hint of his kfiowledge 
that every eye watched hiim in secret. He 
strolled over to the’ corral and looked the 
horses over with a critical eye. Some secret 
sign must have passed from. Camberwell to 
his men, for after the first evident show. of 
resentment and suspicion they joined the 
stranger willingly enough and fell naturally 
into horse talk. | : 

“You trimmed Markham all right,” one of 
them said. “That mare you rode home was 
one of the best.’”’ “ 

“Shucks,” Billie deprecated, “That horse 
he got is one of the sprycs: on the Three 
Nines,” 

“I hear you have a spryer one,” somebody 
else said. “A stallion you call by some cuss 
word. Want to trade him?” : 

I B Dam! Here was something—a thread, 
too fine, too tangled to be seen put connected 
somewhere with the deeper secret; but he 
could not follow it. What did these men 
know of the outlaw, and what was the mean- 
ing behind their laughter? 

“I sure have,” he agreed heartily. “A 
horse I wouldn’t ask any man to ride unless 
he had his life insured an’ was honin” tuh 
die anyway.” 

“I heard a lady rode him: once,” said one 
of the men. 

How did they know that? There had been 
no witnesses to that scene except Little 
Britches, unless some of Camberwell’s men 
were within view and had remained discreetly 
hidden. He was convinced tnat this suppo- 
sition was correct when he saw the confusion 
of the man who had spoken and noted that 
he relapsed into silence after his revealing 
remark, 

Presently the Chinese cook came to the 
door and called dinner. Billie was moving 
toward the dining-room with the others when 
a horseman in charge of a string of horses 
appeared in the narrow runway that led 
the mountain pasture. Billie needed all hi 
reserve to guard the surprise that nearly be- 
trayed him. For the foremost horse in the 
string was the roan broncho, Dude, insep- 
arable from Little Britches. 
horse doing here? . 


On the way back to Three Nines - Billie 

made a detour that took him past the Weed 
Patch. The sheriff returned directly to Cat 
Fork disgusted at the apparent failure of his 
mission, for Billie had not shared with him 
the discovery of the roan horse among the 
Camberwell string. ' 
_ It was late afternoon and smoke was com- 
ing from the crazy pipe that: penetrated the 
roof of the lean-to of the Desmond shack. 
Desmond came to the door in answer to Bil- 
lie’s shout, but there was no sign of Little’ 
Britches anywhere. | 

“Look here, Desmond,” said Billie, “I was 
wonderin’ if your girl wouldn’t come over an’ 
ride with us early tomorrow. If there’s a 
blow comin’ we got to get our cattle bunched.” 

Billie read the signs in the other man’s 
face—a siow withdrawing; shifty eyes 
turned on some pretext or other to avoid the 
answer his lips gave, ; 

“Wa-al, Molly ain’t here just now. I reckon 
you haven’t heard I’ve decided te pull up an’ 


-move. Me an’ th’ girl have had enough of this 


onery country. We're goin’ to light out right 
soon. We figure on goin’ south.” — 

“That so?” Billie’s tone was cool. He was 
sure now-that he was on the scent. of the 
mystery which had enabled the rustlers to 
work with such safety and success. Some- 
body kept them in touch with the movements 
of the outfits of the various ranches—a spy 
moving freely about, trasted everywhere. 
Billie spoke casually: 

“Th’ girl never mentioned it to me. Where'd 
you say she was?” 

There was ‘just the hint of menace in ‘his 
yoice, but the other man got it. 

“How th’ ’ell do I know where she is?” the 
nester whined, stepping back into his own 
door for safety. “What are you asking me 
questions for, Billie. Stranger—prying into 
what don’t concern you?” 

“I asked you where Little Britches was,” 
Billie Said steadily... “There ain’t any harm 
in askin’ that, or there shouldn't be.” 

Desmond’s reply was to slat the crazy door 
the next moment his face ap- 
peared at the window. The barrel of a shot- 

n lay along the window ledge and behind 
its shelter the nester shrieked threats and 
recrimination. Billie had learned what he 
came there to know. His chin was sunk on 
his breast as he rode away without giving 
a thought to the shotgun leveled at his back. 


Chap. VI—The Cut Fence. 

Desmond had acted like a fool, and his 
crazy behavior left no doubt but that he had 
much to conceal and that its nature was 
serious enough to cause nim‘to lose all pru- 
dence and common sense at the hint of dis- 


covery. >, 

If Billie had followed the course that duty 
laid out for him he would have turned about 
and gone in search of Jim Cooper then and 
He had* little “beside” suspicion to 
work -on in connecting. the: onds with 
the rustlers, but in this case suspicion was 
enough. His mind, turning upon all the 
little unanswered mysteries, recalled the new 

ssessions of Little Britches—her boots, 
Loe new saddle, the little signs of prosperity 
for which there was no cause. Last and 
most important, the presence of her horse 
among Cambérwell’s! From the moment of 


_ Seeing iAthere he had a sick conviction that 


4 


could not hand her over to inqui 


‘the -contempt the irl. had “for her 


What was her 


’ place for 


-  $unday, January 8, 1922, 


its owner was somewhere about that sinister 


place--freely of her own will, 

For a long time Camberwell had borne a 
bad reputation among other men. The sul- 
lenness cf his riders, the atmosphere of 
secrecy that pervaded the house and its in- 
mates; the brandiess stock and that which 
had been branded -far too of 
bad impression u the publi a 
one open! Camberwell of evil doing, 
but the thought was uppermost in so many. 
minds that it needed but a touch of fire te 
send it to a blinding flame. ; 

Now it was in Billie’s power to supply this 
tinder, but he could not bring his will to the 
act. Little Britches with her big black eyes, 
her curls, her brave, boyish manner! He 
that would 
be .merciless. ..If she: was. at Camberwelt’s 
there was a reason. Had she shown herself 
when he was at the ranch she might have . 
made a. dozen excuses, and he would have 
credited any of them in preference to what 
he now believed against his will. 

He could not doubt that she knew of his 
visit; had perhaps: watched him come and go 
from one of those high, secret windows that 
told nothing. He wanted to go back. ind 
choke the truth out of her. father, but com- 
mon sense warned. him of the foolishness of 
this course. Desmond might know of his 
daughter’s actions, but he had never foreed 
this course upon her. Billie knew too well 
arent, 
and how.little his will-prevailed with her. 

He rode slowly. on .to the Three Nines, 
turning these thoughts and conjectures over 
and over in his mind; wondering what was 
the best thing to do. .Desmond, whether ke 
had a knowledge of the rustlers. or net, 
plainly meant to-leave the country, possibly 


. taking his daughter with him; but his appre- 


hension mesnt discovery for Little Britehes’ 
part in the systematic thievery, and this 
sealed Billie’s lips. There was no way to 


. avold bringing her into the disclosure, and 


he knew well that in the unwritten laws of 
the land the fact that she was a girl would 
carry small weight. Her treachery, if 
treachery it was, made her crime a darker 
one because she had been trusted and treated 


-~ with kindness everywhere. 


There was another phase to the drama— 
for Billie the most important phase of all— 
but it was a private matter and something 
the girl would never be called upon to answer 
for except before the tribunal of her own 
conscience and before himself. -This was the 
matter of persuading Geraldine Hoyt to ride 
the outlaw horse. To do this tifng she must 
have been in a desperate mood, ready to 
sacrifice her standing, even her safety, to 
gratify a fancied revenge. He had no doubt 
after seeing her horse at Camberwell’s that 
it was Little Britches herself who told of 
Geraldine’s ride. It would be like her fan- 
tastic humor to boast of the very act that 
might have made her a moral murderer. 

Billie was puzzled by. his own feeling 
toward her; by right he should have been 
angry, he should have loathed the girl who 
could be such a traitor, and he was aston- 
ished to find his thoughts gentler, kinder te 
her than they had ever been. “Heretofore he 
had scarcely thought of her at all, except as 
the boy she. sometimes seemed to be, or as a 


child who had never grown up. : 


But now his pity for the lonely passionate 
little pagan was too great for blame to be- 
come a part of it. He wanted to save Little 
Britches, to shelter her and start her feet 
on the way to better things. Billie knéw 
nothing about Sir Lancelot or other gentle 
knights; he would have blushed to the ears 
had sueh qualities been attributed to him, 
His code of right'and wrong was as stern as 
the granite hills he faced, but nowhere in 
the rulings of his honor could he find a 
ittle Britches and her sins. ‘ 

He had for the time forgotten Geraldine 
Hoyt,. though until now she had occupied 
most of his thoughts, and when a little later 
they met at a turn in the trail, he was $6 
plainly startled and brought back from soine - 
distant place that the English girl was un; 
reasonably annoyed. , - 

She was riding the m@ew horse, and waen 
she took in ‘Billie’s Blank expression she 
would have passed on without a greeting, bit 
his herse, wheeling, blocked the way. 1t was 
nearly night, and the road he had come was 
lonely and deserted. : 

“It’s pretty late, Miss Hoyt,” he said. “I 
don't think -you’d better ride this way ex- 
cept in daytime.” hak 

he shrugged her slim shoulders and her 
quick color rose, 

“What nonsense! Why do you feel that I 
must be guarded and’ watched like this? I 
havé been riding most of the day with— 
with—Jack, and I have a little errand of my 
own now.” | 

Geraldine had no errand. She had growa 
tired of waiting for Billie: to return’ and - 


‘her woman’s’ instinct drove -her out to meet 


him. She wanted to be sure that he had 
come from the Desmond place, and now that 
she had met him on the way and her sur- 
mise was preven correct; she was angry and 


» ahnoyed. He had: been riding with the girl 


who yesterday would have seen her broken 

to be by a mad horse. é 
“Please let me pass;” she said, trying to 

subdue the anger in her voice. “I am going 

to see your friend—who wished to teach me 

we ride yesterday. I have a question to ask 
r 


“You won't find her there,” he answered. 

avely, “but you can go on if you want to. 
‘ll follew along.” | pin Fae 

“Of course if. she -isn’t. there”-——ske 
wheeled her horse pettishly; she feit. ridic> 
ulous, yet strangely peppy . too. It was ab- 
surd tie there should a difference be- 
tween This man and Jack, who had been 
her companion that day, but there was 2 dif- 
ference, trem us and unmistakable, [Tor 
a few yards they were -silent, trying to cel- 
lect their natural forces—to appear indiffer- 
ent to each other when the magnetism of 
their thought drew their eyes irresistibly 
together. ; 

“These trails ain’t any too safe after 
nightfall unless you know ’em well,” Billie 
said quietly. “It’s easy to get lost, and 
that’s a strange horse you're ridin’. 
might carry you off samewheres and you'd 
have trouble findin’ th’ wag back.” 

“Oh, 1 shall soon find my way about,” she 
returned lightly. “Your friend Jack has 
been teaching me things today. I can throw 
a rope quite nicely. He said so himself.” 
She laughed; anger beginning to pass. And. 
then added shyly: “It was very good of you 
to-find this horse.for me. She is a darling.” 

They could see the ligh the ranc 


ts. of anch 
“house a mile or so away, bi ing steadil 


througli the gathering dusk.~ gave Bill 

a comforted, happy ling te see those 
lights waiti or them and to think -of 
Jarrow and Jack and Mrs. Moffatt waiting, 
too. He could hardly remember the time 
when they had not been there, and it was 
impossible te picture what it would be like 
to return to the house, dark and empty as 


it used to ke. 
~ (Continued Tomorrow.) 


- ‘ea ee 


‘ = - 


wr 8 nc? ima: oe, oath ere ¥ 
Ce aR EE es eth 


Sunday, January 8, 1922 


“THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


Page Nineteen 


[The Romance and| Broken Sword on New American Dollar 


Tragedy of Pulque 


(Continued From Page 4) 


by the Indians, in staggering doses, for 
stomach troubles. It has even been. intro- 
duced in Europe in the form of a medicinal 
preparation known as agmel, and recog- 
nized as a remedy for Brights disease. 
This strange plant is one of the cactus 
family, known to botanists as Maguey 
(Agave Americana) but, in our conserva- 
tories, as the century plant. This title is 
ignorantly given to the Maguey because, 
owing to its slowness in maturing, it is 
supposed to flower only once in every 
hundred years. In its native habitate, 
however, where it forms the dominating 
vegetation of the vast plains along the 
great central plateau, the Maguey arrives 
at maturity (blossoming -state)- in from 
seven to ten years. Jt then throws up 
a magnificent shoot from twenty to thirty 
feet in height and covered with several 
thousand yellow flowers... The apparent 
labor of giving birth to this giant blossom 
seems to exhaust the Maguey’s vitality, 
for as soon as. the flowers reach perfec- 
tion, the mother plant withers and dies. 


HE natives have made a close study 

of the Maguey and this, combined 
with traditional lore handed down from 
father to son, enables them to know with- 
in an hour or two the exact time that 
operations should begin to produce the 
best pulque. If the juice is extracted ton 
scon the flow is seriously affected and the 
quality is not so good; if too late, the 
plant may die without giving out any of 
its precious liquid. The apperance of the 
giant flower at the end of the séventh 
or eighth year is the signal that the op- 
portune moment for the extraction of the 
juice is near. Then the Maguey, like a 
good mother, seems to provide the liquid 
necessary to nourish and sustain the life 
of its brilliant offspring. 

Just before this great flower has 
reached perfection, the heart of the stem 
is cut out and the core hollowed to a 
depth of eight to ten inches. For two or 
three months after that the sap, which is 
called agua miel (honey water) flows into 
the basin that has been prepared for it 
and is converted into pulque. A good 
plant will yield from ten to fifteen pints 
of juice a day. When the last drop is 
extracted it dries up and dies a natural 
death. 

The pulque-gatherer is almost. as pie- 
turesque a figure in Mexican life as the 
bull-fighter, and all that prevents him 
from being acclaimed a national hero is 
the lack of danger in his profession. 
Dressed in a multi-colored cotton suit, 
with a wide sombrero covering his head 
and a large pig-skin bag slung across his 
back, he goes from plant to plant to suck- 
ing up the juice through a tube and squirts 
jt over his shoulder into the bag. When 
this bag is filled he carries it to a wagcn 
and empties the contents into a cask. The 
next process is to remove the cask to the 
_ fermenting room where the fresh juice is 
‘mixed with old and sour pulgue, called 
by the natives la madre de pulque (mother 
pulgue). This hastens fermentation and 
in a few hours: the mixture becomes acid 
and attains a characteristic smell that one 
can never forget. As pulque contains only 
six per cent of alcohol, it can be drunk 
in great quantities without producing im- 
mediate intoxication. The evil effects, 
according te medical authorities, are 
eaused by slow fermentation in the stom- 
ach. 


~~ 


z ' The Peace 


(Continued From Page 9) 
fluencing the other. The immediate prob- 
lem of disarming Germany, arranging 
military, naval and air.terms for the treaty, 
deciding the disposition of German war 
ships—and cables, were all fought out, 
close up, first in the military and naval 
eommissions and then in the council of 
ten and the council of four, while the 
broader and more general. problem was 
discussed with no less vigor in the most 
important commission of the conference, 
that on the organization of the league of 
viations, of which President. Wilson was 
chairman. 

Two great problems at” once arose, both 
of which are vital to any discussion, pres- 
ent or future, of the limitation of arma- 
ment. One had to do with the fundamen- 
tal question of a standard of armament. 
Was it to be “domestic safety” or some 
other standard? The other was a question 
of method—but a vital one—that of com- 
pulsory military service, In this latter 
question a direct issue was joined between 
the Americans and British, with their pro- 
gram of complete abolition of compulsory 
service—and the French and Italians de- 
fending that institution, whieh they had 
copied originally from German practice, 
as the bedrock feundation of continental 
safety .and power. Here the issue was 
“squarely drawn; here the battle began. In 
the next chapter the struggle between 
American eeinenpies. and gear fears will 
ke described. - 

Se oe -3922;- for Pne Coastitation:) 


~ (Continued Next Weék.) ” - 


-RITICISM of the 
new silver dollar ¢»- 
which will be struck 
off to commemo- 
rate the work of 
the Washington 
conference has cen- 
tered about the 
tact that the broken sword 
which is represented on the 
coin-is a symbol of defeat - 
rather than of a triumphant 
international disarmament. 


Anthony de Francisci, the 
sculptor who won the compe- 
tition for the design of the 
coin explained this seeming 
inappropriateness by stating 
that the . sword was not 
meant to appear as broken 
in defeat, but as a symbol 
of the new peace. 


“Above the sword, from 
which the point has been . 
broken in my design,” said” ~ 
Mr.. de Francisci,. “stands .. ; 
the. American. . eagle, and 


surely the eagle can—never 


be used to represent defeat. 
in. the original design which 
I conceived I had no sword, 
but I realized that to cele- 
brate the conference there 
must be some reference to 
the discarding of armaments. 


“Therefore, in the two designs I sub- 
mitted, I used in one case a sword, which 
the eagle bent as he stood upon it, and in 
the second a sword, from which the point 
had been severed—a sword of defense and 


(C) wPPAwWo of: 


Anthony de Francisci at work on design of new silver dollar, and: 


tis young wife. 


not of offense. I believe that the former 
design was in favor among the judges 
when they first examined it, but later 
they decided that they preferred the sec- 
ond, and it is from that that the coins will 


be made. 

“Also with the sword 
there is the olive branch 
of . peace, and the com- 
bination ‘of the two ren- 
ders it impossible to con- 
ceive of the sword as a sym- 

- Dolization of defeat. It dées 
not seem eredible that ary 

one would place such an in- 
terpretation-on my design, 
as the Washington . confer- 
ence must be first in the pub- 
lic mind, and America has 
never suffered defeat.” 

N R. DE FRANCISCLI has 

figured in a number of 
exhibitions here as well as 
having a piece in the mu- 
seum of Cincinnati and sev- 
eral medals in the Numis- 
. matic Museum, In: the pres- 
“ent competition, his design 
was chosen from among 
those: submitted by more 
sculptors. He is a member 
of the’ National Sculpture 
society the Architectural 
league, the Numismatic so- 
ciety and other similar or- 
’ ganizations. 

Born in Palermo, Sicily, in 
1888, he did not come to this 
country until 1904, but 
since studied under the 

best of the American 
designers. 
Under the present plans, the new silver 


_dollar will come into circulation shortly 


after the first of the year, with the mint- 
ing of about 700,000 of these coins. 


—_—-—-——---————— 


———_——— ee 
—< eee 


| The Druses of Hauran—A Queer People How Do -You “Get 


PEOPLE whose religion forbids 
-them to use alcohol, tobacco or 
profanity, but binds them to take 
a life for a life when one of 
their tribe is killed. 


A people who believe the 


world’s population remains ever . 


constant and time’s duration to 
be exactly 343,000,000 years. 


A people who have held their creed in 
violate and maintained considerable poli- 
tical independence in a region destined 
by its resourees to become “the granary 
and garden of Syria.’ 


Such are the Druses of Hauran recent- 
ly reported in revolt against French ad- 
ministrative officials. 


South of Damascus and east of the Sea 
of Galilee stretches the wind-swept plain, 
Hauran, prairie land of Syria, 2,000 feet 
above the sea, red-soiled, black-rocked, 
fertile but treeless. It is flecked 
ruins of rock-pilt cities and villages, hag- 
gard souvenirs of the years when the long 
ar of Rome embraced all. this region. 


ET down on the east of. this plain 

is an azure plateau of lava, El-Leja; 
wit.. its jagged rim rising some twenty- 
five feet-around its 350 square mile area. 
In the fissures and chasms of this “temp- 
est in stone” the Druses can retreat when 
ha: i pressed and it constitutes an Impor- 
tant geographical reason for the isolation 
and independence of this people, says a 
National Geographic seciety bulletin. 

Nominally Mohammedan, the Druses 
have embodied in their faith features of 
tne teachings of Moses anu Jesus, and 
supplemented this mosaic with ideas from 


‘yarious pagan sources. 


When a stranger visits a Druse home 
his host places before him two jars, .ne 
filled with water, the other empty. If the 
visitor Is a Druse he will pour the water 
of one into the other to signify his belief 
in transmigration of souls. 

The Druses make ample allowance for 
frailties of human nature which preclude 
many from a strict observance of all their 
requirements, They divide their adherents 
int ‘the “intelligent” and the “ignorant, i 
only the former being per-nitted to at- 


teni the Friday morning services. The 


“intelligents” must undergo a novitiate 
aftor which they return to their accus- 
tomed tasks. 

+ The name, Druses, is traceable to 
Darazi, who proclaimed the divinity of 
tie katimite VJaliph, .Hakim, nearly one 
thousand years ago. The Dtuses believe 


th:. God reveal2d Himself ten times ‘n . 
human form, the mst of these incarnations . 


being Hakim, .whose mysterious disap- 


with — 
‘noble plain,” writes one traveler. 


pearance gave semblance to the prophecies 
that He is to return. 


HE Maronite Christians, who have in- 
terested Bible students be:ause they 


- adhere closely to so many practices of 


the early church, are neighbors of the 
Drises. The latter attatked the Maronites 
so vigorously in 1860 that a French army 
was sent to Syria ana a European com- 
mission was named ts conduct an inquiry 
into the circumstances. Once more the 
Druses found refuge in the Hauran desert. 
Th> army went: home, but the commis- 
sion drew up a form of government by 
which each district was to be supervised 
by an appointee of that district’s religions. 
It was this arrangement which precipi- 
tated the Maronite insurrection of 1867, 
under Joseph Karan. 

“Mt. Hermon is visible from every part 
of the plain of Hauran. “It is a singular 
companionship of noble mountain and 
To the 
southeast of El-Leja rises Jebel ed-Druz 
upon which the evergreen oaks seem es- 


_ Pecially stately and beautiful after the 


treeless expanse of Hauran’s plain. 


Where the Runaway 
Girls Run to 


leatanion From Page 13) 


girls and bring them back before any- 
thing terrible happened to them. 


The oldest was nineteen, the youngest 
sixteen. All were anxious to earn money 
and be their own bosses. Knowing some- 


thing of the oldest girl, as I did, I could 
not bring myself to believe that they had 
been lured away or that they had ‘been 
trapped. It seemed much more likely that 
it was a well planned conspiracy to dis- 
appear and get established in business—a 
thing which their parents had persistent- 
ly and foolishly refused to countenance. 


Next morning each girl’s mother re- 


ceived a letter from -her daughter assur- 


ing her that she was safe and sound, urg- 
ing her not to worry and saying that six 
months thence, at Christmas, they would 


- have a happy reunion. Bach promised to 


keep her parents informed as to the state 
of her health, but each said she had made 
an agreement with her companions not to 
reveal their living place. 


The letters were mailed regularly 


‘after that from a postoffice, but at length 


one came postmarked Brooklyn and from 
then on it was a simple matter to watch 
the subways and the ‘Brooklyn bridge un- 
til one of the four girls was observed, fol- 


lowed and traced to am apartment house. 
. The adventuresome quartet- had ac- - 


quired a‘ small apartment. Bach was. mak- 
ing good in business and each was doing 
her skare of the housework of their owt 


/ 


. ager. 


Over” In Life? 


(Continued From Page 3). — ¢ 


daily show. When we see the interest. 
lagging, when olr audience is. getting 
“low,” we get our best foot forward. 

But human nature is contrary; maybe 


an audience becomes restless from too 


much excitement. It- may require a let- 
down, a soothing to regain its attention 
and make it contented. 

Color¢has a great deal to do with this. 
Many a show has been ruined by a mis- 
annijcation of color. 

Manager Royal claims he can turn the 


-entire trend of emotion by throwing on a 


change of color. 

“Many people forget that the eye is 
most sensitive to color. A great percent- 
age of the people are possessed of ‘color’ 
moods. Am actress may wear black at 
the wrong time on the bill. She map 
come out with her spirits high, she may 
exuberate vim and freshness, but the 
black gown would cause a peculiar mene 
tal reaction in the audience. 

“The chit of a girl knows that bright 
colors enhance her youth, give her a 
springtime air, but the mature woman in 
the show business must realize that bril- 
Jiant colors, without artistic toning, make 
her look like autumn decked in green 
leaves, | 

“Nearly every -actress knows that 
lavender appeals to those with-the most 
highly developed sense of color. It 
soothes, pleases and allures the senses te 
desired things.” 

So the next time you attend a vaude 


ville performance analyze the bill and its 

eifect on you. If you watch the routine | 
carefully with this idea in mind you wi 
learn @ lesson from the vaudeville man, 

You will see that the psychology 

of running a vaudville bill and running 

our weeegnid life is the same. 


And remember, we may be excellent 


musicians, beautiful singers, talentei con- 
versatignalists; but unless we set our. 
stage right, unless we adjust the lighting 


in the most effective way, use the right 


colors. and curtain, then we are dismal 
failures and are shelved into the store- 
house of discards. 


rr 


}ittle nest with more zest than ever had 


marked their cooking and cleaning at 
home. 

' But, like ninety-nine out of a hundred 
missing girls, they were glad to see their 
mothers again. They gave up their aparte 
ment in the end, but not until they had - 


‘gained such concessions from’ their par- 


ents that their lives were freer and more 
interesting than before. It was a hard ex- 


‘perience for the girls amd a severe lesson 


t) these particular parents, | 
Copyright 1922, for The Constitution | 


Page Tweat) 


Unbleached Cotton 
Sheeting Proves To 
Be Popular 


~ | NBLEACHED cotton sheeting in 

4 house‘urnishizg h2s p.cved so 

popular this past season that the 

new spring styles show many 

new uses. There are many rea- 

sons for the popularity of un- 

bleached cotton, it laundries so 

well, the more it is washed the 

creamier and.softer it becomes, The soft 

cream eolor blends with the pink and 

blues of bedrooms aud gives 2.more pleas- 

ing effect than the dead white materials. 

For scarfs and cushions it does not fade 

and will outlast several pieces of modern 

linen. The unbleached coon 1s surely 

here to stay and homemakers. buying new 

requipment in the way of bed spreads. 

dresser covers, draperies, etc., will find 

old-time material not only economies, but 
beautiful and lasting. 

Bed Spreads—The past season the bed 
spreads and various covers for the bed- 
room. furniture showed eotored borders of 
pink or blus material with desfgns in cen- 
ter of the colored appled primroses in 
pink, blve and lavender. The designs fer 
the new spreads show only design in cen- 
ter, nothing in eorners or around edge./ 

in buying the cotton for spreads, buy 
a good smooth piece, and you will find 
it ce-naomy to buy the s7me wd? sreeti g 
for dresser and table covers. 

One of the new unbleached cotton 
spreads shows a hem of three fnches hem- 
stitched (by machinery) withea beautiful 
monogram © worked in tne center with 
cream embroidery floss. The long day 
cover for the pillows made to match. This 
set was beautiiul in its dignity and sim- 
plicity. 

Ancther set showed the edges of spread 
and. pillow cover cut in large scallops 
with a deep double facing heneath of blue 
kindergarten cloth or gingham. 

Otrers. show the colorei hems h‘m- 
stitched on with colored monograms to 
match. : 

In buying the colored materials for the 
patch or colored borders buy a good ma- 
terial, kindergarten cloth vse romper cloth 
last better than gingham or the modern 
clambray. 

The covers for dressers and toilet ta- 
bles aiways match the spread, and what 
a joy thoy are, don’t fade in one or two 

ywashings and the cost of the unbleached 
cotton makes it possible to have several 
sets for each room. The width of the 
sheeting will make several searfs: One 
of the new dresser sets shows the border 
of pink cloth applied to Grecian key de- 
sign with lazy daisies between each square 
of pink and blue. There are just so many 
beautiful ways that this material may be 
used for draperies and covers. 


A WEE bit of color has crept in the 

new pillow cases. One very attractive 
pair has the e¢ge cut in six big s2a'l ps, 
three to a side, under this is basted a 
double hem four inches deep of pink or 
blue romper cloth. The scallops are out- 
lined with wide white riex-rack braid, each 
point having a French knot of the color 
of the border. Dresser scarfs are made to 
match. These laundry well and are very 
dainty. : 

Ancther set shows a ueep double hem 
of blue hemstitched on, with the initial 
worked in the same color. In Doth of 
these sets the top sheet was made to 
match the cases. . 

A very unusual and dainty set for a 
guest room consisted of top sheet and pil- 
low cases; has a bordér the wide scal- 
loped colored edge that comes for chilt- 
dren’s dresses, with initial or monogram 
of same color. This guest room had three 
sets, one in pink, blue and lavender. They 
were very dainty and unusual and cost 
so little. To those that prefer the all- 
white cases, the new designs show the em- 
broitdered bands in Frerch embroidery cr 
the simple scalloped embroidery that can 
be bought, for the edge with several rows 
of brier-stitching above. If you are for- 
tunate as to have the gift of being able to 
tat, you can have the most attractive cases 
and sheets, for there is nothing daintier 
than the tatting edges on household linens. 

T¥ Good Towels—The handsomest 

towels show only the initial or mono- 
gram. Elaborate embroidery is out of 
psace. Don’t waste your money on guest 
towels, your guest would much rather have 
a good plain towel that is really usable 
than one of tnese horried little affairs 
that nobody could ever use or has ever 
found a use for. 

Beware of bath towels with deep and 
elaborate crochet edges, if you. wish a 
crochet edge, let it be very narrow, not 
over one inch. All these little touches to 
one’s household linens add to the individ- 
uality of the nome, cost so little, just a 
little time. 
much can be accomplishea by having 
something handy to picx up in odi mo- 
ments. Better still; how nice and pleas- 

ant it is for pinadpors and friends to 
gather tcgether for sewing parties, with 
just a cup of tea, to work and nespereee 
ideas. 


It is surprising just how — 


THE worn) CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE 


Homemakers’ Business Soren: 
The Weekly Market Basket 


For Changes in Breakfast Menus 


HIEN the: folks are tired of the 


Ky Ni) usual breakfast dishes try these: 
AY) Carrots and Breakfast Food— 
i { Grate fresh carrots and sprinkle 
; y the breakfast food. You will be 
(aoe) Surprised and pleased with the 
delightful flavor, in addition to 
the food value supplied by the 

earrot. 


Delicious Bread Griddle Cakes—Place 


>in a pitcher overnight two cups of sour 


milk, ofe cup water and two cups bread 
crumbs; Let stand in a. cool place, but 
not in an ice box. In the morning add one 
teaspoon soda dissolved in three table- 
spoons water. Beat well and -then~-add 
two tabiespeons syrup, two tablespoons 
shortening, one teaspoon salt, one and 
one-half cups flour and two teaspoons 
baking powder. Beat well and then bake 
on a hot griddle. 


Oatmeal Muffins—Put two cups of oat- 


‘meal through the food chopper-into a mix- 


ing bowl and then add one and one-half 
cups sour milk, one tsaspeon baking soda 
dissolved in one tablespoon of cold water, 
one-half teaspoon salt, four tablespoons 
syrup, two tablespoons shortening, one 
cup sifted flour. Beat well and pour into 
well greased muffin pans and bake in a 
hot oven for twenty minutes. 


SEASONABLE VEGETABLES. 
Sweet Potato Nests—~;ook sweet po- 


tatoes and peel and masn and then form 
into nests. Place the nests on a well 
greased baking dish and fill with creamed 
dried beef. “Place in the oven for ten 
minutes and heat. Sprinkle with grated 
cheese. (Remember in baxing both sWeet 
and Irish potatoes, wash well, scrubbing 
with a vegetable brush, dry and grease 
thoroughly before baking. This prevents 
a thick, coarse skin from forming with the 
pulp attached to it.) : 
Scalloped Corn—Piace in a mixing bowi 


three-quarters cup of crushed can corn, 
one-half cup of fine- bread crumbs, one 
tablespoon of grated onion, two table- 
spoons of finely minced parsley, one ta- 
blespoon butter, one teaspoon of salt, one- 
half teaspoon of puprika, three tablespoons 
of flour, one egg, three-yuarrers cup of 
milk. Mix well and turn into a well 
greased baking dish and bake for thirty 
minutes in a moderate ov n. 


A CAN OF SALMON. 


Salmon and Potato Croquettes—-One 
can salmon, two cups mashed potatoes, 
one-half teaspoon paprika, salt as needed, 
one egg, soft sifted bread crumbs. Pick 
the salmon fine with a silver fork, add 
the potatoes and the seasoning (a little 
cream sauce may be added if desired). 
Mix all together and rorm mto small 
round balls, Roll in the crumbs, dip in 


the egg; then crumbs again, and fry in 


hot fat for one minute. 

Salmou a la King—Place in a sauce- 
pan two cups milk, six tablespoons flour, 
stir until dissolved, then bring to a boil 
and cook for five minutes. Add one can 
of salmon free from bones and skin, juice 


of one lemon, one teaspoon salt, one-half 


teaspoon of pepper, two well beaten eggs. 
Heat to boiling_point and serve on coast. 


MID-WINTER SALADS. 


Beet and Cabbage Salad—Shred fine 
one small head of cabbage. Place in salt 
water to crisp for ene hour. Now drain. 
Turn on a cloth to dry. Piace in a bow! 
and add one cup finely shredded celery, 
two onions chopped fine, two green pep- 
pers chopped fine, one cup mayonnaise 
dressing, one and one-half teaspoons silt, 
one teaspoon paprika. Toss. to mix thor- 
oughly and serve on individual 
plates. Garnish with finely chopped pickled 
beets in the form of a bcrder areou-d each 
service. (xhe small canned bets may 
be used.) | 


Asparagus and Celery Salad—M nce 
eufficient celery very fine to m2asure one 
cup. Place in a bow! and add ore medium 
sized onion, one green p:pper. Mince very 
fine and then add one-half cup mcyon- 
naise, one tablespoon of vinegar, one tea- 
spoon salt, one-hal? teaspoon papr: ‘ka. Mix 
and then “ii into a nest of cr'sp lettuce 
leaves and garnish with the tips of canned 
asparagus. 


COLD WEATHER DESSERTS. | 

Sweet Potato Pudding, Kentucky Style 
~— Parts four large sweet pctatoes and then 
‘cut in thin paperlike slices. Now g.:ease 
a baking dish well and rlace a layer of 
prepared svézot potato:s. and then cust 
lightly with cinnamon and cover with four 
tablespoons of brown sugar, Rep2at. until 
the dish is full and thea plee2 in a towl 
one and one-half cups ef milk and add 
to same one whole egg, yolk of another 
egg and one-half cup sugar. Beat well 
‘and add two teaspoons cf -vanilla. Pour 
over the potatoes and bake-for fifty min- 
utes in a slow oven, A: d to the remain- 
ing egg white one-half gless of currant or 
plum jelly and beat unt‘) tue mixture will 
hold its shape and pile cn tte cold pud- 
ding and serve. 


Apple and Rice Cust:r-—Wash six 
tablespcons of rice in several waters, and 
then place in a saucepan and add two 
cups of boiling water. Cook until the wa- 
ter is absorbed and the rice soft. Now 
wash, then cut into smi pieces four 
small apples and cover with cold water 
and cook until soft. Rub thrcugh a fine 
sieve and add one-half ¢c p sugar, one 
teaspoon vanil'a, one well teaten egg and 
the cooked rice. Beat well and then pour 
into custard cups and bike for fifteen 
minutes in a modern cve2n. 


Bacon With Apples. 


OR a variation in baked apples re- 

move the cores from’ them and in- 
sert a strip of bacon. ‘Yhese are delici- 
ous for breakfast. 

Catsup poured over pork while it is 
roasting improves the flavor wonder- 
fully. 


When you wish to remove a stain 
from any article without giving it an en- 
tire washing, stretch the portion contain- 
ing the soiled place over a pair of em- 
broidery hoops, pulling it taut. 


Good Things to Make With Ginger 


| HETHER you call it molasses 
cake or gingerbread, it -doesn’t 
make very much difference. It 
is all pretty much the same. 
There is a soft, cakey loaf, or 
crisp-edged little patty-cakes, 
with a spongy texture, a deli- 
cious flavor compound of sweet 
and ginger. It’s good, that’s all. 

Really you can vary the uses of gin- 
gerbread to a remarkable degree, so if 
your family like the flavor don’t fear be- 
coming monotonous by having it often. 
Patty-cakes frosted with chocolate are de- 
licious. A loaf cut in slices and served 
with whipped cream is delicious, and as 
an accompaniment of apple sauce, sliced 


Oranges and canned fruit it is always 


good. 
Gingerbread Without Butter or Eggs. 

One gill of lard, one cup of sour milk, 
one teaspoon of baking soda, one cup of 
molasses, two teaspoons of ground ginger 
flour. Put the molasses, lard and ginger 
on the fire: When warmed, and the lard 
has melted, beat for ten minutes. Dissolve 
the soda in a few arops of boiling water. 


_ Mix it and the milk with the molasses; 


then add enough flour to make a stiff bat- 

ter. Beat well. Have ready a greased 

dripping pan. Pour in the mixture, and 

bake ten minutes in a quick oven. 
Ginger. Bread. 

One cup brown sugar, cne cup white 
sugar, half cup cooking oil, half cup corfi- 
starch, two and a half cups flour, one 
tablespoon 
ground cloves, ome teaspoon soda, one 


ground ginger, one teaspoon . 


cup sour milk. Place the sugar on stove. 
As it warms add the oil. Add the dry 
ingredients sifted together, and last the 
sour milk. Beat well and bake in a mod- 
erate oven, 

Ginger Bread. 

_ Melt half a cup of butter, add one egg 
well beaten, and half a cup of buttermilk 
in which a teaspoon of soda has been 
dissolved. Mix to a soft dough witn sifted 
flour, roll out, cut into shapes, and bake 
in a hot oven. i 

Ginger Snaps. 

Cream a cup of butter with a cup of 
sugar, add a cup of molasses and a table- 
spoon of ginger. Add a teaspoon of soda 
dissolved.in a little cold water and six 
cups of flour, beating constantly. Koll 
thin, cut out, and bake in a quick oven. 

Ginger Cake. 

Cream a cup of buiter with half a cup 
of brown sugar, add two cups of molasses, 
one cup of milx, a tablespoon of ginger, a 
teaspoon of powdered cinnamon and three 
eggs beaten separately. Add two cups of 
sifted flour, a teaspoon of soda dissolved 
in a little cold water, then two cups more 
of sifted flour. Bake in shallow buttered 
tins lined with paper. 


One- Soft Molasses Cake. 

Mix together half.a cup of cooking 
oil, half-a cup of sugar, one beaten egg, 
half a cup of milk, half a cup of molasses 
in which half 4 teaspoon of soda, dissolved 
in a little cold water, is mixed. Add these 
things to a cup and a half of flour sifted 
with half a tablespoon of ginger and a 
teaspoon of baking powder. | 


salad . 


Sunday, January 8, 1922 


e Edited } 
«Bessie R. Murphy 


Simple Rules for Cooking 
With the Gas 
Range 


O MANY housekeepers feel that 
it is impossible to secure ac- 
curate resuits in baking in gas . 
ranges. It is true that much — 
“3' depends on the proper baking — 
» &i of breads, pastry and cakes that 
an oven thermometer would soon 
pay for itself in the saving of 
both time and gas. However, a few simple 
rules in regard to regulating the gas burn- 
ers will help solve the problem. 

To secure a slow oven, light both burn- 
ers and let burn for five minutes, then 
turn both of them down low, turning the 
handle that controls the: flow of gas two- - 
thirds off. This will maintain a steady, 
even heat. A slow oven requires 250 to 
275 degrees Fahrenheit of heat. A mod- 
erate oven is 350 to 375 degrees Fahren- 
heit of heat, and can be obtained by burn- 
ing both burners of gas ovens for eight 
minutes and then turning them down one- 
half to maintain this heat. A hot oven 
requires 425 to 450 degrees and will need 
to have the burners burning twelve min- 
utes and then turned off one-quarter. This 
latter heat i$ very intense and entirely tco 
hot for breads, pastries and cakes. Meats 
require this heat for one-half of the 
length of time in the period cooking. This 
heat is also necessary for broiling, grill- 
ing, etc. : 

Always try to use the full oven space 
when baking, by cooking two or more 
diches at the same time. Even vegetables 
may be cooked at this time by placing 
them in casseroles or even ordinary sauce- 
pans, covering them closely ana cooking 
until tender. Many homemakers still cling 
to the old belief that other food placed - 
in the oven with cake will spoil the cake. 
This is a mistake, and in baking cakes or 
bread, every bit of the oven space should 
a utilized. 


|S Syosstrmge lighting the oven, select the 
pans that will best fit the oven spaces, 
Keep in groups such pans that entirely 
fill oven spaces without crowding. Keep 
this faet in mind when you are purchas- 
ing new utensils. 


- Never keep your oven waiting for the 
food; rather let your food remain in cool 
place while oven is heating. 


Placing the food in the oven will ma- 
terially reduce the heat. Do not fry to 
increase the heat; just as soon as the 
mixture cecquires the heat, the baking will 
begin in the usual manner and the-dish 
will be ready to remove from the oven 
in given time. When food is first placed 
in the oven, keep oven door closed for 
first ten minutes and then open when 
necessary. 


Do. not place breads, cakes and pastries 
upon the top shelf, but place them on the 
lower shelf and cook in a moderate oven, 
Utilize oven space and save on the gas. 


Hints for Making 


Housework Easier 


LOTHES Hanger—If one has not a 

pole to put in a clothes closet on 
which to piace coat hangers, it is a good 
plan to purchase a long nickel-plated towel 
rack and screw it.to the underside of the 
closet shelf. 


Nail Driving Hint—When nailing hard- . 
wood, soap the nail first, and it is less 
likely _to split the wood. 

Feeding Dish for Animals—If there are 
puppies or other small animals to feed. 
get one of the round cake tins with a 
tube through the center. Drive a pointed 
stick through the tube into the ground, 
making a feeding dish that will not tip 
over. 

Trunk Packing—When prepari-g to 
pack a trunk have four or five pieces of 
cardboard the size of your trunk, so that 
they will slip in easily. Wrap dresses 
or blouses in tissue paper and = attach - 
them to these boards with tape. You can 
then pack and unpack many times and 
your dresses will not be disturbed. but 
will come out when needed as fresh as 
when first packed. 

Before Wearing Silk Stockings —Rinse 
the toes and the heels ii colt water and 
let them dry. 

To Soften Shoe Polish—Very often 
shoe polish or stove polish becomes hard 
and dry. In this case adda little turpen- 
tine. This softens the polish and makes 
it better for use. 

Care of a Polished Table—Cut rounds 
of wax paper and put under the center- 
pieces on the polished table. This. wilt 
. prevent the linen from adhering to the pol- 
ished surface. 

A Useful Idea ‘n Pcre1 Furnitu e—Is 
to havea shelf inside the porch rail, 
about one foot wide and one foot ‘from 
the porch flodr. The men will find it an 
excellent footrest; the women, a shelf 
for work baskets or hooks, andthe chil- 
dren, just what they want to sit on. 


- _ > > +? ~ # 


| THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAGAZINE” 


flo Twenty-One 


Woman Wants to Know. 


‘Aids in Keeping Track of Time. 


Sunday, January &, ma % 
——— Per eos + — 


What E very 
New Thies That | 
Can Be Seen 
In the Shops 


HERE are really wonder- 
ful things in the shops, 
now that Christmas and 
all its rush are over. One 
has time and opportu- 
nity to look about and 
one receives, naturally, 
far more painstaking at- 
tentioh than was the case before 
Christmas. Moreover, there are 
reductions in some things -already 
that are quite worth while. 
Moral—This is the time to go 
shopping for things you really 
need. 
For one thing, there are won- 
derful things in sweaters. There 


are those slip-on ones of silk, knit- 
ted in plaids—gray and black with . 
a line of yellow, for instance, or 
vellow and brown, with a thread of 
black worked into the plaid. 


There are the brushed wool 
sweaters, pupBing on over the head, 
with the aid of a shoulder opening 
of a couple of snappers. These add 
real warmth when worn under the — 
thin coat. 

There are néegligees. One par- 
ticularly lovely kind for cold- 
weather wear is made of padded 


~ 
oe oe 


4° s,* 
~ * 


soft silk with collar and cuff trim- 
ming of wide swansdown. The 
color combinations are soft and 
charming—rose silk with ‘white 
swansdown, fer one, and gray silk 
with black swansdown for another. 

Then there are searfs of all 
sorts. There are the lovely black 
lace ones, like Spanish mantillas, 
though sometimes the pattern of 
the lace is run with gold thread or 
silver. There are scarfs half: cov- 
ered with brilliant sequins. There 
are brocaded chiffon scarfs with 
the pattern stamped in velvet, and 
there are simple scarfs of hem- 
stitched or fringed chiffon or 
georgette. . 


AN hats, This ts a an admira- 

ble time to pick up another 

hat for winter wear. Those of gray 

silk trimmed with black astrachan 

or of black duvetyne trimmed with gray 

astrachan are in good style, and are serv- 

iceable enough to give plenty of good 

wear. | 
One rather tricky little hat is made 

with wooden beads wired into a little 

upstanding ornament at each side, that 


suggests a handle. At all events, the 
little wired bead trick is attractive. 


For youngsters this is a good time to 
_buy a heavy winter coat, if another one 
is needed. There are some exceedingly 
attractive coats for little girls that are 
made of white fabric trimmed with black 
fur. 

Also, the all-white skating nesemedine 


for young girls are lovely—shaggy white 
searis and caps and wool gloves. They 
are sometimes edged and banded with 
shaggy rows of black, and these, too, 
are in good style and becoming. 

Gloves of all sorts: There are the 
Slip-on or pull-on gloves with long gaunt- 
lets, made of softest kid, with a shirring 
over an elastic at the wrist. These are 


without doubt the warmest of the thin 
kid gloves, and they are soft and. at- 
tractive in appearance. But one need 
not hesitate to wear a heavy glove. There 
are fur-lined and fleece-lined gloves of 
kid, and then there are rhe big oor 
of wool of all sorts acd ¢>»iors. 


HE glova with the ornamental cuff 

is in vogue, without doubt. There is 
the cuff that is faced with contrasting 
color, ranging all the way from tan fac- 
ing on brown gloves to light green fac- 
ing on white gloves. Sometimes the out- 
side of these cuffs are pierced with cut- 
work in decorative patterns which show 
through the color of the cuff lining in 
a most interesting fashion. 

Then there are gloves of heavy white 
kid with fringed cuffs—the edge of the 
cuff. apparently, just slashed into fringe, 
in the Indian fashion. The fringe is an 
inch to two inches long. 

Other glove cuffs show embroidery-—— 
black on white, brown gn tan, colored on 
black and white: 


Still. other gloves show tity beads 
worked into othe lines of stitching on 
their backs, 

One thing they all idicats is that the 
ornamental glove, -though. a long. time 
coming to this country, is really here. 


O MATTER how little most of 
us think of New Year's resolu- 
tions, there are few of us who 
do not, along about now each 
year, give a serious thought or 
two to the subject. We may 
forget these thoughts . next 
week, but most of us have them 


We may not give thought to the 
conventional, cut-and-dried, easily for- 
gotten New Year’s resolutions. Those 
are a bit old-fashioned, perhaps. We so 
much oftener broke them than kept them 
that we have, for the most part, dis- 
carded them. 


Bat we do, most of us, seize on this- 


time of year as a time to improve our 
methods in some way—wur housekeeping 
methods, our social methods, our busi- 
ness methods, our methods of acquiring 
or maintaining health and tappiness. 


It is a very good plan to do this—to 
use this season as a reminder to investi- 
gate our ways of doing things, to plan 


‘\ 


new ways, more effective, more to the 


point. 

Many women start the new year 
bravely on a budget. They pian out 
their expenses for the coming year care- 
fully, make their budget and stick to it— 
for a week. Well, perhags in their case 
a budget isn’t necessary. It certainly 
isn’t ‘necessary to everybody. Many 
women never spend beyond their income. 
A certain innate faculty at managing 
money keeps them within thelr income. 
Perhaps it is an inherited faculty. At 
all events, it seems to be a fact that 
many young women whose mothers have 
been “good managers” before them de- 
velop the same traits, though when they 


left their parental home for one of their. 


own they had had little training of the 
sort. It may not be inheritance. It may 
be the disgust for bad managing that is 
bred in them because they have always 
lived in a house where bills were paid 
and there was money in the bank. 

» 


| -When You Meet Somebody _ | 


CCORDING to authorities on 
etiquette, a man always takes 
pains to wait till a woman ac- 
quaintance whom he meets on 
the street shows her recogni- 
tion by a bow before. he lifts 
his hat. The idea is that it is 
the lady’s privilege to recognize 
the man or not,. As a matter of fact, 
usually the recognition is simultaneous. 
If you meet a young woman of your ac- 
quaintance the thought never enters your 
head—does it?—whether to lift your hat 
or not. You do not anticipate her bow, 
but you are ready to doff your hat as 
soon as she bows, 

After you have met a young woman 
for the first time it is assuredly good 
form to wait for her to recognize you 
first. In facet, this would apply to all 
women. with whom you had but a slight 
acquaintance. A 

The old- fashioned ruje was that one 
did not recognize persons on the oppo 
site side of the street. Of course, there 
are some persons who are too near- 
sighted to recognize faces as far away 
as that, but there is no reason-why one 
should not bow to friends when they are 
recognized. If the friend aeross the street 


households of her friends. 


bows 
a mark 


does not return the greeting, we put it 
down to failure to see’so far, or to lack 
ef observation. 


S EVERY one knows, a man lifts his 


hat to everyone to whom the woman 
he is accompanying bows. Likewise, he 


takes his hat off to a man friend of his 
own when he himself is accompanied by 
a woman. It might seem only fair for 
a woman to bow her head slightly to the 


‘ woman whom her escort recognizes; but 


this is not the custom, unless, of course, 
she has been introduced to them. 


The gracious woman is the woman 
who does not begrudge her bows in the 
street. She bows to neighbors whom she 
sees frequently, whether or not she has 
been introduced to them; and she bows 
to salespersons who wait on her in 
the stores. Likewise, she bows to the 
servants in her own household or the 
In some com- 
munities it is the custom for the native 


members of th population to bow or. 


raise their hats’... mever they pass any 


of the better-to-do “members of the com- 
munity. 
sary on their Fg but when such a cus 


This is not, of course, neces 


the gracious woman always 
ly in recognition of such 
of respect. 


‘om preva 


~*~) 


to th Lah 
RES 


; 
\ 


- 
’ ~~ 
+". 


TOA RR re EM” 


iy ty 


At 


F YO need an incentive to help you 

in keeping your household in order, 
seek one in the shops. there are dozens 
ef account books of all kinds that you 
ean buy to use on your desk. Not only 
household account books, but engage- 
ment books, and books for lists ef all 


sorts—shopping, telephone numbers, ad- .__. 


dresses and All these lists, care- 
fully kept, help to make your house run 
smoothly or pleasantly. 

Moreover, they discourage the keep- 
ing of all sorts of notes and accounts on 
little odds and ends of paper. Nothing 
could be more disastrous to the smooth 
running of a house than this habit of 
writing down important data on backs 
of envelopes, margins ox magazines, bits 
of the edge of the newspaper. One never 
can find these important little lists when 
they are thus written. 

“Where did I put that bit of Bobby's 
arithmetic paper that had a list of the 
women I want to sell tickets to for the 
bazar?” 

“Now, where is that giece of wrapping 
paper that I wrote the directions for Sal- 
ly’s pink sweater on?” 

‘“What did I do with that theater ticket 
stub that I put Jane’s new address on, 
I wonder?” 

Such are the plaints of the woman 
who does not keep track of-things sys- 
tematically. 


Good Ways For Frosting 
Cakes 


HERE are many ways of frost- 

ing cakes. But it is worth whiile 

mastering the making of some 

of the more difficult frostings. 

One of the easy ways is to 

mix confectione?r’s sugar with 

or water, add a lit- 

tle flavoring and, if you wish 

to, a little coloring — cranberry juice 

makes a lovely pink—«and spread this 

frosting, rather thin, onthe cake. It 

hardens quickly, and is not one of the 
creamy frostings, naturaily. 

A. good cocoanut frosting is made by 

beating the white of an egg: light. adding 


filling is not 

This is a gelatine 
cooks think the simplest ki 
Svak a teaspoon of gelztine 
nour in a tablespoon of cold 
then dissolve it in two 
boiling water. Add a cup of 


Sugar and the desired flavoring, and sti 
until smooth. 


Kitty and the Mouse, Cut-Out Toy---By Dan Rudolph 


Copyright. 1921. Thompson Feature Service. 


? - 


- 


CONNECTING PIECE grees ti 
pot No.I.ON FRONT LEG To Dor N i hong 


a 


MOVING BAR« | PI eH STON = NEAR a8 
KITTY'S LEFT FRONT FOOT 


D SMA 
CONNECTING 
PIECE TO TAIL 


e2 
Here? 
CONNECTING 


Pin 
AND 


thf 


Sj 


» oom ™ : . ° * . 
ree A egy peed aOAg AEE ok gradi EN an PTE at pho A : ~~ 
; , a 3 ‘ ox iy 
+> . , nah % oF Ps . Dowa tes D> aon es car had ‘ 
+ 4s? SV A bite Syustects® 2 ; aes Le Le Fan SEAN tet ett soi 
: - : is 7 “4 “2 ~ wd e4. *; Z oo. ‘er?, ° 4 
TSATA,;, - + ‘> a] « Tio , ‘ 
a aa rth: ~~ bY eas : 
. : 
mt ‘ 


“3SNOW HAIM 
¢yva ONIAOW 
NO 100 ONY 


, Man 
4 + ? 
Ea 1 
yA 
* a 
, ng 
~4at 
+ 
“a 
- g » 
—_—" 
is 
? , 


A100a UWIN 
40d WONOUHI Nid 
a -NO']‘ON 
e 


BIg OWILIZ 
e ONO1 
SNILIINNOD 


00 arm 


: 
wi 
. 


o & 


PI rs 


era ee ee ee I HE 
7 . 1. ae ee eS ” agg 


% 


ere a 


‘pin THROUGH 


eR OoT AT 
» on OF BODY 


hy 


TAIL SMALLEST 
PIECE TO 
DOT No.l. 
ON HIND 


DIRECTIONS | LEG. 


PASTE ENTIRE PAGE ON CARDBOARD, 
CUT OUT THE VARIOUS PIECES AND PIN — 
TOGETHER AS INDICATED BY DIRECTIONS 
ON THE PIECES AND BACKVIEW DIAGRAM 
SHOWN BELOW. | - estes 
BY STICKING LITTLE SQUARES OF CORK . 
OVER THE PINS IT WILL WORK VERY WELL. 


LEFT HIND LEG 


DOT No.1. Or 


a . BACKVIEW DIAGRAM. 
SROWING HOW TO PIN TOY TOGETHER: — 
BY HOLDING THE TOY WITH THE CEFT HAND 
AT “K” AND PUMPING THE TAIL BACK AND 
FORTH WITH THE RIGHT You witz SEE THE 
MOUSE. PEEP OUT OF THE HOLE IN THE GROND 
AND JUMP BACK WHEN KITTY ATTEMPTS TC 
STRIKE iT WITH ITS PAW. 


. 


Sunday, January 8, 192% 


A. Bible Talk Ene 


id JAH, the Tishbite, one ot‘the 


createst of the eharacters of the 


— Testament, appears 
unannounced. 


light thrown upon his training 
for his work. Simply, he “was oi the in- 
habitants of Gilead.” 

like a clap of thunder out of a clear 
sky—or, since he is sometimes called “the 
prophet of fire,” it might be more appro- 
priate to say Tike a bolt of lightning—he 
stands before the wicked king Ahab and 
warns him of coming drought as punish- 
ment for Israel's sins of. idol worship. 

A word about the king. ._He was eighth 
in the succession of the house or israel, 
a man of considerable strength, wedded 
to a wife who was stronger than himself. 

Possibly, expediency,-- nave. had 
some part in his selection” 
wife. The children ‘of -fstact Wére sur- 
rounded by the-worshippers-of Baal and 
the father of Jezebel stood high ‘among 
the worshippers of that heathen god. .As 
Ahab’s wife, she proceeded to introduce 
the worship of her peopie’s god among 
the children of Israel, and the sins of 
/fhab are largely charged to her account. 


The story of our talk is a brief one. 
One verse tells of Elijah’s appearance be- 
fore Ahab and the warning of punishment 
that he uttered; the next verse tells of 
os being sent to the ° brook Cherith, 
“which is before Jordan,” to be fed by. 
the ravens. Then follows one of the most 
familiar and oft quoted passages of the 
3ible: 

“Ard the ravens brought him tread 
and flesh in the merning, and bread and 
flesh in the evening; and he arank of the 
brook.” 


6¢ TED by ‘the ravens” has come to be a 

popular description of heip from an 
unexpected sound, and literature teems 
with ifustrations that are almost as con- 
clusive proof oe: providemua: care as that 
preseated by this incident in the life of 
Flijah. Those who deny the miraculous 
have devoted a great deal of atterction to 
this aecount of nourishment furnished by 
the fowls of the air. Some try to twist 
whe language so as to have Kiijah fed by 
Arabs, but it is a.waste of time and 
energy uniess one rejects the miracie en- 
tirely. 


We may as well consider the eairacte 
now as iater, because it reappears con- 
tinually in both tne Oo” ané ey. ieee, | 
ménts. 

Is there such a thing ag a miracle? To 
those who accept the Bible a: it was writ- 
ten and construe ii according to the rules 
which they apply to every da life, 
mniracle presents no difficulty. 

Can God perform a miracie? Yes, a 
God who can make a word can do any- 
thing He wants to with it. 

To deny that od can perform 
acle ia to deny that God 
who can make 
nary feed for 
traordinary food. A 
a raven can @irect it 
power exists, Means can casily 
The use of unusual means 
doubts. 


But the second question 
has given mos: treuble. 
to perform a miracle? 

To answer that In the neg@live 


must assume a larger knowledge of 
than amy one has yet been abte to 


is the one that 
Woaid God 


quaintance with: ali the purposes, 
and methods of Infinite . Intelligence. 


When we remember that we do not 
ktow the mystery of our ow fives, can- 
not understand the mystery ‘of love that 
makes life worth living; and cannot solve 
the mystery wrapped up in everything 
that we eat and involved in everything 
that we do, does i: net seem 
to attempt to . limit the power of the 
Almighty? 

* Can one decide without possibilty of 
a mistake what God would desire to do? 
If Goa ‘can perform~-a ‘miracte and might 
desire to do so, it becomes merely a mat- 
ter of evidence, abd the Bible evidence 
is sufficient for those who accept the 
Bible as the word of God. Oar difficulty 


effect. It flatters the mind to 
that there ts nothing that i cannot 
stand. 

Materialism caunot explain why a 
raven would-carry. food. to a man; there- 


the materialist dénies that he did. 
going back another step, matcrialism cam- 


ot 


= 


THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION ses a 


e » 7 


Deas Twenty- Three 


By William Jeings B ryan 


%.. 


aes : isn as God' S Messéngers 


as his 


HUMAN BEINGS AS GOD'S MESSENGERS TEXT OF TOpays 
=<... > BIBLE TALK BY MR. BRYAN. | : 
(I Kings i:1-16) 


And Elijah, the Lishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said 


unto Ahab, As the Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom'I stand, there » | 


shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word. 
And the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, 


Get thee hence, and turn thee eastward, and hide thyself by the 


brook Cherith, which i is before Jordan. 

And it shall be; that thou shalt drink of the brook; ard I have com- 
manded the ravens to feed thee there. 

So he went atid did according unto the word of the Lord for he 
went and dwelt by the brook Cherith: that is before Jordan, ; 

and ravens brought him bread and flesh:in the morning, and 
bread and “flesh-in the evening? and he drank of the brook. 

And it.came to pass after a w hile, that the brook dried tad because 
there had been no rain in the land. 

And thé. word of the Lord came unto him, saying, 

Arise, get thee to Zarephath, which belongeth to Zidon, and, dwell 
there: behold, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee: 

So he arose and went to Zarephath. And when'he came to. the gate 
of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks: 
and he called ta her, and said, Fetch ‘me, I pray thee, a httle water in 
a vessel that 1 may drink. 

And as she was going to fetcl: it, be called to-her, ‘aud said, Bring 
me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand. 

And she said, As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but 
an handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil ina cruse; and, behold, 
I am gathering two sticks, that I may go in and dress it for me and my 
son, that we may eat it, and die. 

And Elijah said unto her, Fear not; go and do. as thou ‘at said: 
but make me thereof a 1ittle cake first, and bring it unto me, and after 
make for thee and for thy son. 

For ‘thus saith the Lord God of Israel, The barrel of .meal shaft not 
waste, neither shall- the cruse of oil fail, until the day that the Lord 
sendeth rain upou the earth. 

And she went and did according to the ‘saying of Elijah : and she, 
and he and her house; did eat many days. 


And the barrel of méal wasteth not, neither did the cruse: of oif{ail, 


according to the word of the ‘Lord, which he spake by, Ehjah. 


ii 


| @ikaew 


the ‘mother she recognised in ‘him a man 


reached Scatene seabt is Without corrobo- 


‘ rative experietice. 


That is one of: the practical thiags 


about the Christian spirit. It is not catcu- 
lating, and yet its arithmetic is more ac- 


. curate than the caiculation of the selfish. 


Taose who never do any good until they 
stop to calculate: whether it will retarn 
to them, spend time figuring that they 
ought to spend acting. .Those who do 
good as opportunity offers are sowing 
seed ali-the time’ and they need not doubt 


the harvest. 


can 


Bat the great. lessoa. that we are. to 
from. ‘these. incitients. ie the 4ife of. 
Elijah is fhat God uses Suman beings. as 
His messengers: He selecis them. quali- 
fies them. for the work and seuds them 
forth ‘to proclaim His truth. He supplies 
His agents with power from the A\l- 
mighty’s- exhaustless storehouse and -es- 
tablishes their authority by such p-oofs 
as He deems proper. This He has dore 
throughout the ages. He gives strength 
for the tasks that are auicgatea to th=m 
and guards them from dangers wat!l their 
work is done. 


His is the Bible stcery as empoaicd in 
this lesson on Elijah, Is it true or 
false? Those who believe it is trues find 


cepts will have no 
then. 

Believing the 
i present it as it is 


he ypc dirtion em ran Ree moe 
ie, seen eee So ve: bod cae 


not explain why God would tell Elijah to the vita 


7 
¥ 


Sunday, J anuary 8, 1 923. 


¢ YAT he 


er Pn xt 


~*~ io 
he 
0h 2M 
>; 
wed 


i 


4 
} 
a 
-~ 
a - 


. 
4? 
te 


renee of 
‘ 


a 


i) 


- HAZ 


ii 

* 
AS : 3 
mgmt 


“ 
” 
a 


ox 
SY 


b Ale 
co 
, EST 


pied 


i 
4 
Bes hee & 
ae > 
* 


od 
NT ow 
= fae: 
Sess 
ae hes 
ake 


set 


. 
eke 
- 

- 

~s 
>. 


>) 
Sass 


Mirae 


- 
fe MIA, 
| = 


4 


: ot ye, 4 i Pe | . . > 
SEO a Lie ab, CLS ete et 7 oni TSE haaccanempcas & 
, 7 z ¥ al ions (4 ae - a ak sa Fy 7 ar AA LLG 
Bate ATs Seay . RAED ae Se SOTA ee 13 
. © PSY fy een oe ' : 
ey 


teebett 
eve 


vail 
; 


iat 


: 
4 
T° 
, 
; 
, 
' 


. ~ 

WS ree eto ot 
‘ - aw Ney 
os . 


« 


4a . 
A> 
@ 


efi heeckobtes 


aes 
ite 


Pl 
. 


ae) 
* 
Se eet TS, PRE Ae eb 
EF LR EPS: 
5 ‘ 
SHER 
r 


Eon 


> Now +... ? ; bi wand 
, a> es ee 
$ * ere: 


; 4 aS . La . ‘ “ be. - . 7 < y ; Y ; . = . . , , | ‘ v LP AS, : any i 4 . PS. : ? 
bet. ey TIAN ee 4% AAYy.. A re “te vA : : ayy : VO SR eh , ‘ oe : 4. ar ¢ AMG st . 4 ; . ff mt >: ie Me 4 a ‘ , , 
AAS ERE = 8 BE EPI OD IR a ee CR sa AREOE A NEES oa said SA Pee is AAS Sas Che 


» Be 
4 


, 
ef tbe 
*Te ‘oe 


ee Le xa 

Fg AS 

PLS Te AS 
¥ + 


Ko 


Set PE ay 


anh 


> 


> . MN = te fa 4 : ok Pe 
ee ee. 


= 


> 


AZIN] 


x 


| 

Z. 
© 
—_ 
<< 
N 
a 
a 
oO 
cn 
= 
el 
bel 
MO 
Cr. 


ew om deg 


: 


Bem. 
an ~ 
, &*..4" ~ 


é 


ff 


: if /; fs Wj / i, hj LES}, /j ’ f f soncdaddtdhehihid tad ~ pn ne mes oreo scne ar. . ere Mh ” 
“i, Vif ULF f j f, i] if Yj {} , ’ Hf Y 
4 J if 4 / \ f , TL, /, Z iy Gi), j / 
“iby, / 4 WIV if, f Uy Uy Ui) : / Wifi Yj, YY YP / ) Si ff, UH ij Wiffy Y / 
yf J A, “f, Wy, Yj J if} f ify Z (fy tf, 44, ; 1, 7, jj 
Y, ‘ é/ 4, fis ff, hy / / ity di i, / f a \ : fi Vi 
Yfy ff} ) Wt 
f, 
WT, 
- 


. Ye ; th j Y ‘ ‘ f / ti " if fs 
y YY, y f MEU : 4s / hd) ij Y Z, Vif, Yy WML Sp Uy, MHL YY, 
, : ’ s, Vi fi / hg fp 
y, Ui, i if, : j ii f / i f 4 i), si}; Vihjy 


7 
i, 


ij 


<certeetetge ‘ 
gredeggaerreceadily 


ai 


4 


Vi/F hi 
I 


june " 


if Z / ij : - 7 \ y, Vi Wi, 


ip 


- 
; ’ Njthy ij J + i She, {/ Yy Ff) ~~ —— . . 2 , - - ” ‘ <g . ~ 4 . 8 — . > - = a of 5 i , ; ‘ 
Yi Wy ( fh i fi if ’ j ! i, Yj, ]; . | : ’ . x 1 : ) : | : = : 4 i . i - | bi a x ; ' 4m Y the — ~. . _ _ 
Ui Ws, ST, y ’ , ~ s 7 a : . ' cs - -_ y 7 . 


Yi, t ; } } YUL fy) : = - a > — iis ~~ ant . ~_ Sean alien atti ate aatel tee ee en 
; /, " 7 / : — _ —- —_ : va : . r =" = “ - . se P ; : - : . ; . . 4 Ya 4 : 
Y ! - } Be 


‘ f ) y 
Yf iy pie. thn Gin th thy 4 bx the. maitliid — ' aabral a a a rte. - 
Yi ys Yj f 
by) 
, 
Yi 


ij; 
Y / 


re ee — ae == 


a 


itt 
A BUSY VALLEY BETWEEN ATLANTA SKYSCRAPERS - 


tt 
i 
thee bi hege iy 
thas Te ) 
ee 


yh 


er 
| 
Afi] 


tha 

ah 

t jes 
ey 


‘ 
; 


THE SUNDAY CONSTITUTION MAG 


{ Hy 
fl 


y 


peeenga? 
ed 4 ooN 


aw 


— 


iy “ 
RVR. BH 4: 


9 2 Pe ‘1 pe . . . A 4 / - = ; 
, " J : ’ > « 3 . . : = ° ™ d 
J . . . “ ; ~ P.. : é ' . : » : -s sm a ‘ / a : ‘ 5 ° = : q . | . * ° 
Fe, I A a 2 —s ‘ ’ . od 4 ‘ > +e 7 . ’ “~ - ef . . af 5 4 - e = “ . 
rg ‘ ’ : : i 4 F 4 : - - - - 4 i } 
/ + al - ’ ¥ . [ ~~ --« - . 
j j : . . ‘ i “e , . “« — | 
’ ’ ’ me ° “4 : . - \ 
‘ ‘ 4 ; . : ‘ - , J - ’ 
if ; : fs p A a «< \ . ‘ . , ® - ” 8 ‘ " ~ , , . 
, ? ’ f J \ . Te : * s . . 7. . anti ' ‘se f « ; - he . 
. iv ~ q ~ , u ‘ A is * ~ - “S ’ . . . , 
j , j f 4 t ; ~ ' : 2’ f % 2 . . a -_ aaaieais . 
fy ; ” o Z: : ‘ 4 ~ : . a . J ; a . . . : ' 
) * j : 7 ‘ * , TF a TRO G ; - ‘ ’ 
: : ’ * . \ ‘ Rs , ; F } ‘ 
J : : ; . b ’ ad » ot, 7s. ~e - e 
; ; .— ¥ : : >) 2 : , E . ‘ Si . a iP, = Z ; } i . ’ ; — : ra 
i . , + : y . ’ ; . : ‘ - > . — ne 6 ee a - 
- + . . “ ~ . ‘ De ; . “ “ ia . 
: : . a . . . ¢ 4 a ior <%,'? \ ’ 
, “. _ — oe : — : ‘ = -! ~ 7 ’ > 
~ - . -_ . . ag - — ; 
4 - . - : . . ~~ ; . 
~ e . - —.] 
. > <a - " 


ha eS Tee 


' . ae 4 , 4 
7 4fs7 - - 4 5 es. . a (aw , . — ,° a . : M 


/ 


Yi, 


Pagé Twenty-Four 


- THE SIGN-THAT 


* 


j UE 


WY, 
iy 
Yi Hj if iff 
Uy UY} 


“se LVS, 
, si’ 
j df 


Hy, / Yf Wy, | Wy, i, 


hd, /j tat ee 
4 ‘wf. 
oth os 
* . ed an 
P or 7519) 
OSI Ciel le 
6A 4. Ma 
( , 


Se es he 


> 
a ut ~~ r A t« ‘sth 7  ée 
ROL QO. MORIA *- Ch i 


A ~ ae 
” eal peed 


‘ fs tretgtne * » ns - " 
SLO co SELLER ST 


‘ TeZ3 4 


“7 
7 7447's 

a * Se’, 

ee : A EO ae et 


- 
‘ 


, CAL pt OS ATS 7A 

i IE Tin EEG LIN 

‘ie . meee onemendl 4 7 
> *S. * Sneee Tn ayy SpA, 


mae § 


- 
24 
. 


be tte? —rt 

peta Pies. er 

; wik. ane WON A 
; 

y sept thy Meeks ref Nee ‘ iy Ds 

SHB EIN. Sooke, ee A AO BSS: 


‘>. ¥ 


“aay 


Ao 
Sate 


J 
att “ Ure} 4 oe 
iL SFO Rak: 


"ME OS Dkr a eM A Oe 


Fi rs oe wT ALP TAD Le a \ ad es th ge al ie a es 


ye . ’ <a 

ee de ee Ld 

CAO Bn RD RY 
° 7 _~ 

See Ay A ts Loy 


~~ PO 


ye + 


Sa TRE Oe i ee 


MLAS 


Brge Hig tax 
St ee ae 
A 4 va 
(AG 


. ve . ~ . ey . 
pc OS: SS SEP eM CLL EAE INE 


DP 5c eA LER BEEING 
= Lf, oe ; 


6 + ae TN PD LF 


“ 


DE Se OL DGPS FLO 


SRR: 
LOW 


ie tt 
eA 
_ C.-C, 


4 
es ee . 


. 2 h 
° ’ +. * 


ve 


3 +4 
« 


Boe At SGP ILO Ponce 
nan panne 


MOLE ALO AEA Ole Ah Pd COED TP VT PP 


(Maw 


ee FS ae! oka aa ee 
1 LORE EA RE ie: ref TUBS 
MEISE. SBA OIL 


4. 
, “EG 
y RAL EA BP 


OS Gf VIEL Set 


DAA LS 


es eer am 5) 


: ys . 2 
eh, ns la Foe ot 
~ a >) 

a* ; —-- 5 4 _ 4 
ye ee ; AS sete 


ie | . 


ig : 
a 


> 
* ral Q - 
SEALS ¥ Py remye, = 


(4 


* 


~~ 


_ ¥ 
Z . : : ’ , -. + = — . - ae . ——— sa” . ’ <¢ Py’ - . ; > . : : . “> . ; ; 
¢ . ty > : 4 ‘ 4 F . > —_ > - % : 
. ; “> 4 — — . . + 
— , 


iM WWW YY) YY YY YY 
i, i YW Yi if) S//, yj Y 4 ; : 4 
Wy) MMM YY eh 


Fab, 


oie Ls z Rel 


