* 


"ATLANTA, aa, WEDNESDAY MORNING JANUARY 1 1922, 


nm 


* 


* 


* 


police 3 Claimed in Compton Probe 


FRE S OF MAN 
* SUICIDE 


THEORY 1S BLIND 


Lauren Foreman and 
Brooks Morgan Declare 
Department Would Con- 


ceal Lack of Ability. 


att. 


| 
| rote ne DEATH | 


* SES BI pares 


= AS TOLD ON STAND 
] Tones conic 
ON OPIE KILLINGS 


Testimony of Virginians 
on Alleged Shooting of 


American Soldiers Is 


Contradictory. 


|GOVERNOR POSTS 
REWARD OF $250 
FOR SATTERFIELD 


Governor Thomas W. Hardwick 
Tuesday offered a reward of $250 
for the arrest of J. B. Satterfield, 
charged with killing his brother-in- 
law, R. H. Hart, two weeks ago. Sat- 


corner of Trinity avenue and White- 
hall street. 


FUND FOR BRANCH 


terfield shot Hart on the street at the 


OPTIMISM RULES 


AT ANNUAL MEETS 
OF ATLANTA BANKS 


Old Officers and Direc- 
tors of Five of . City’s 
Leading Institutions Re- 
Elected by Stockholders. 


Columbia Professors 
In Scientific Study 
Of Poker Psychology 


New York, January 10.—Science 
has taken a hand in. poker. 

The complex that causes people to 
sit up all night with cards and chips 
is under examination -at Columbia 
university, where the department of 
psychology recently called for volun- 
teers to sit in on a little game that 
was observed and studied by the in- 
structors. : 

It was easy to get volunteers even 
though the call call Went out for “first- 
class poker players” only. Apparent: | 
ly the professors who had only a sei- 
entific interest in poker didn’t know 
how easy it would be, for they paid 
the volunteers for their services. 


MORE POLIGEMEN 
URGED ON COUNGL 


BY THREE'BODIES 


Dr. J. W. Ham, for Police 
Board; Church Commit- 


tee and Clubs Appeal 


for Action. 


=~ 


ORME STUA um 


Detective Heads. 


* 


NEED OF OFFICERS 


That to Better Condi- 


AT NIGHT IS URGED — 


Woodall Takes Stand 


we 
oe 
4 


* he 1 
> gee 
922 
5 
aS é 
wae 5 
r . 
1: . * 
. 2 
bone 7 
A ae aa 
8 he * 
n 
Feats | arg 
54 ve . 
Baa 
33 
1 
; eee 
% 8 1 ox 
. = * Nong 
1 
> * 4 > 4 
> 
rE 
8 


Some Membets of Coun- 
cil Declare for Removal 
of Present Police and 

2 


ee 
= cf 
2 


* 


AUTHORITIES’ STAND || Md (Mam | SAYS HE SAW MAJOR 
» | IN PROBE ATTACKED| & 4 [| SHOOT MAN IN BACK BY T | N ANGE BN ARN 


Richmond Man Tells of 
Alleged Killing, But 


Poker faces, reactions of the fellow 


who drew to a pair and filled, and 100 INSTEAD.OF 50 


other psychological information about | 
the pastime will be included in an MEN RECOMMENDED 


early publication on practical psy- 
chology. 


SAVINGS DEPOSITS 


THREE DIRECTORS 


ADDED TO BOARDS | ' tions Department Of- 


fices Must Be Merged. ; 


— 


For the first time since couneilmanie 
division over the bunco report of last 


summer, the critics of Atlanta's police 
department and the defenders of its 


Clubs of Intercivic Coun- 


cil Ask That Banditry. 


McGinty and Strickland 


‘Detectives Silent on In- : 
Named Vice Presidents 


vestigation of Box and 


Provision Also Made for 


ce. 


* ularize the 


Note Received by Chief 


Poole. 


Charging that the Atlanta police 
department, 


death from à bullet 
Thursday of J. Russell Compton, is 


deliberately concealing its own ina- 


® bility to solve the mystery, and, rath- 


‘ 


er than admit inefficiency, would 
leave a blight on the name of Comp- 
ton, Lauren Foreman and Brooks 


af Morgan, Atlanta Rotarians, delivered 


4 


1 


addresses at the luncheon of the Ro- 
tary elub Tuesday and assailed the 
attitude of both the police and de- 
tective departments, and in scathnig 
terms characterized the suicide the- 
ory as “propaganda, pure and sim- 
le.“ 
5 The Rotary club, of which Mr. 
Compton was a member, stood in 
‘silent tribute for two minutes while 


Dr. M. Ashby Joneg delivered a eu- 
hem boy of “him who Mad been the hap- 


— 


P+ 


est man in the world and who could 
a” N have had no motive to wish 


part from the things he most 
loved.” 

Immediately after Compton’s death, 
fellow members of the Rotary club 
offered a reward of $1,000 for cap- 
ture of Compton’s slayer. 

Expressing belief that action by the 
entire club, as a unit, would be in- 
expedient, Mr. Foreman branded the 
suicide theory as an attempt to leave 


je, stain on the name of an honorable 


man. 
Mr. Morgan spoke in glowing terms 
of Compton, saying he had known 


„ him intimately for years. 


Inefficiency Charged. 

“The last vestige of doubt that 
gross inefficiency exists in the police 
department has disappeared,” he de- 
clared. It is bigh time fenajhe pub- 
lie to arise and demand its legal pro- 
tection and to brand both the police 
and detective departments as the in- 
competent machines they are.” 

Although officials of the detective 
department have emphatically denied 


their final acceptance of suicide in 
the death of Compton, and have made 


assertions that they are still conduct- 
ing rigid investigations along e- 


“ery line and from every angle which 


© they hope will throw some light upon 


* 


the baffling affair, they have also 
made admissions that they have as 
yet unearthed no tangible clue and 


han they were on the day the dead 


b no nearer solution of the tragedy 


y was found. 
Detectives said Tuesday they re- 


@ garded as “a possibly important clue” 


the package received at headquarters 
during the rning, which contain- 
ed @ pox for packing a Colt 
.25-caliber revolver, the type of wea- 


> pon with which Mr. Compton was 


killed. The origin of the package 
was being probed, but no statements 
were made as to whether investiga- 
tion had been productive of develop- 
ments. 


Claim Box Was Found. 


Chief Poole recerved the box Mon- 


in attempting to pop- 
suicide theory in the 
wound last 


REMSEN P. KING. 


REMSEN P. KING 
I ELECTROCUTED 


Dies Almost Instantly 
When He Touches Ex- 
posed Wire on ‘Heater 
While Taking Bath. 


Remsen P. King, son of the late 
Porter King, and president of the in- 


| vestment banking and financial con- 


cern of King- Blackburn & Oo., was 


killed at 10 o’clock Tuesday night 


when be touched an exposed wire on 
an electric heater while taking a bath 
at his home, 21 East Third street. 
Mrs. Porter King, his mother, was 
the only person in the housé at the 
time, and,-on hearing a cry, rushed to 
the room to find her son in a state of 
collapse. H. M. Patterson & Son 
rushed a pulmotor to the house, but 
an hour’s work proved unavailing. 
Mr. King was a veteran of the world 
war and was one of the best-known 
and most prominent young men in 


Atlanta. He was a Mason, a member 
of the S. A. E. fraternity and the 
Ponce de Leon Baptist chureh He 
was a graduate of the Atlanta Boys’ 
High school, the academic départment 
of the University of Georgia, and the 
legal department of Yale. 


Entered Training Camp. 
When the United States declared 


Continued on Page 16, Column 5. 


Republican Raps 
Anti-Lynch Bill 
And Lauds South 


Congressmen Stand in Trib- 
ute as Maine Member 
Ends Brilliant Speech. 


BY JAMES A. HOLLOMON, 


Washington, January 10.—(By 
Constitution Leased Wire.)—The sen- 
sation of the debate on the anti-lynch- 
ing bill came today when, Congress- 
man Ira G. Hersey, a staunch repub- 
lican of Maine, launched a powerful 
attack on the bill, arguing exhaustive- 
ly the unconstitutionality of the bill 
and pleading with impassioned words 
against ‘its folly and unfairness. 

His republican colleagues sat dumb 


“Continued on Page 3, Column 4. 


Continued on Page 2, Column 4. 


What Was the French Attitude 


| 


Doubt Is Later Cast on 


Buying Lots for Erec- 


His Reliability. 


BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. 
Washington, January 10.— Nea 


ed without trial in France. 


But at the all-day session there was 
no evidence relating specifically to 
swung around 
charges that Major Opie, as command- 
er of the third battalion, 116th in- 
fantry, had shot some of his own men. 
men who had served with the regiment, 
supplementing -testimony submitted 
last week, declared they saw Major 
Opie shoot runners in October, 1918, 
while ‘his command was in the Ar- 
gonne offensive. Others, who were 
with the officer on the dates mention- 
ed, asserted that he ‘had shot neo one 
and that he only fired to stop some | 
of his men, apparently in disordered 
retreat, in an effort to reform his 
line and get troops back into fight- 


hangings. It all 


ing state. 


ing to describe the 


slaughter. 
Opie Wants Verdict. 


Counsel for Major Opie, ina brief 
statement at the conclusion of the 
Opie testimony, expressed the hope 


that there might be a speedy finding, 


and asked that further evidence re- 
lating to him might be presented at 


one time. Senator Watson, democrat, 
Georgia, whose speech in the senate 


Continued on Page 14, Column 6. 


GRIFFITH IS NEW 


RISH PRESIDENT 


All Dublin Breathes Bet- 
ter as Crisis Passes 
With Formation of New 


Ministry. 


4 


A 
dozen witnesses, all from Virginia, 
broke about even in nnmbers today in 
testifying for and against Hierome L, 
Opie, of Staunton, Va., before the 
.| senate committee investigating charges 
that American soldiers had been hang- 


Chairman Brandagee, seeking to cut 
through the conflicting evidence, ‘en- 
deavored to ascertain the exact num- 
ber alleged to have been shot, but in 
the end there was some doubt in the 
minds of members as to whether the 
witnesses had seen and were attempt- 
same alleged 


To Free Prisoners.. 


Dublin, January 10.—(By the 
Associated Press.)—Amnesty has 
been agreed upon as a result of ne- 
gotiations between the new Irish 
cabinet and the British govern- 
ment, according to a report current 
here tonight, and Irish political 
prisoners, including those sentenced 
to death, confined in both Irish and 
British prisons, will be liberated 
Wednesday and Thureday. The 
death penalty prisoners number 
about 40. 


Dublin, January 10.—(By the As- 


tion of Two More Branch 
Institutions. 


TECH APPROPRIATION 
INCREASED $10,000 


Appeal by Dr. Matheson 
Wins $66,000 for School. 
Debate on Extra Tax 
Assessor. 


Council’s finance commitéee votea 
$8,610 Tuesday afternoon for the es- 
tablishment of a branch library of the 
Carnegie library in Inman Park, near 
Boulevard and Euclid avenue, for the 
service of Atlanta's east side popula- 
tion of: men nad women from that sec- 

the tee of a large Gelega- 
tion of men and “from that. sec- 
tion of the city. The committee algo 
voted an appropriation of $5,000 for 
the purchase of a lot for the erection 
of a branch library in West End, 
and Mother $5,000 for the same pur- 
pose in East Atlanta. 

The committee voted in addition 
appropriations amounting to $6,255 
for seven more employees in the city’s 
library system. The total appropri- 
ation voter for the Oarnegie library 
was approximately $119,000. Mrs. 
Z. V. Peterson; of the Fifth ward; 
also appeared before the committee 
and asked for additional books for 
the East Atlanta school library. The 
committee voted 581,000, from which 
Miss Barker, head librarian of the 
Carnegie, will supply the school with 
books as she sees fit. 

One of the most impotant discus- 
sions at the morning session of the 
committee was that over the request 
for an additional $10,000 for the 
maintenance of Georgia Tech. Dr. 
K. G. Matheson, president of the 
school, who will leave for Drexel uni- 
versity soon, appeared before the com- 


mittee and asked that the appropria- 
tion be increased over last year, from 


$56,000. to $66,000. The committee 
voted the increase. 
Cut by Legislature. 

“Tech’s nose for years,” said Dr. 
Matheson, “has been kept right on 
the grindstone because the legislature 
has failed to do its part. Only last 
June, in the face of an appeal for 


more money, we were cut $12. 
“When the legislature failed us; 


Continued on Page 14, Column 4. 


Chicago Operagoers 
Cold To “The Love 
For Three Oranges” 


‘Russian Composers Work 
Seems Hardly Worth Cost 
of Production. 


BY ALEXANDER F. JONES, 
United News Staff Correspondent. } 

Chicago, January 10.—After listen- 
ing to the world premiere of Serge 


by Fourth, and Clay and 
Ransom by Fulton. 


Annual meetings of stockholders and 
directors of five of Atlanta’s leading 
banking institutions, held Tuesday, re- 
sulted in promotion of a number of 
employees, election of several new di- 
rectors and a general re-election of old 
officers. One of the banks, the Fulton 
National, declared a 6 per cent divi- 
dend. 

The meeting revealed the fact that 
the five institutions have declared ap- 
proximately $500,000 in dividends dur- 
ing the past year, and a feeling of op- 
timism concerning business for the 
coming year was plainly evident. 


Fulton National. 


The Fulton National bank stock- 
holders and directors met at 3 o’clock 
Tuesday afternoon and declared a div- 
idend of 6 per cent for the year 1921, 
amounting to $45,000 on 3 capital 
stock Ottcers of last 
year were Weeds except in two in- 
stances, where promotions were given. 
Dr. W. J. Blalock was re-elected pres- 
ident; Bolling H. Jones was re-elécted 
chairman of the board of directors, and 
A. B. Simms and Henry B. Kennedy 
were re-elected vice presidents. R. G. 
Clay, cashier, was promoted to vice 
president, but will continue to dis- 
charge the duties of Cashier; Ronald 
Ransom, who has served as attorney, 
was named vice president and trust 
officer, heading ‘a new trust depart- 
ment just created. G. C. Evans, J. M. 
Selman, F. W. Blalock and J. H. 
Ewing, Jr., were re-elected assistant 
cashiers. 

Two new directors were added to 
the board at the meeting of the stock- 
holders, these being Dr. I. N. B. 
Spence, prominent capitalist, of Social 
Circle, and H. E. Choate, former presi- 
dent of the National Association’ of 
Credit Men. Other directors were re- 
elected as follows: Hoke Smith, for- 
mer United States senator; W. H. 
Brittain, W. F. Pattillo, W. J. Bla- 


Continued on Page 16, Column 3. 


NEW NAVAL TREATY 


TAKES FINAL FORM 


Only Minor Changes Now 
Remain to Be Made. 
Shantung Parleys to 
Reopen. 


BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. 
Washington, January 10.—Except 
for details of the Pacific fortifica- 
tions agreement, and a half dozen 
lesser questions of phraseology, the 
five-power naval limitation treaty was 


put into final form today at a e 


fc.ence of the heads of the American, 
British, Japanese, French and Italian 
delegations. 

The question of geographical scope 
j was understood to be the chief point 
remaining unsettled in the fortifica- 
tions article, which provides for main- 
tenance of a fortification “status 


| for T 
‘Little. Saving Here Six 


IN ATLANTA BANKS 
SHOW LARGE GAINS 


Accounts Double in Four 
Years, Asserts Vice Pres- 
ident of Atlanta Nation- 
al Bank. 

9. 


AVERAGE OF $125 


War Given as Reason 


in Thrift. la 


Years Ago. 


Atlanta’s, n in local 
banks, probably the most accurate 


among the masses,’ have more than 
doubled in, four years, according to 
information supplied The Constitution. 
Tuesday by George K. Donovan, vice 
president of the Atlanta National 
bank, who has been making a study 
of savings bank figures in Atlanta re- 
centTy. 

His findings are: 

On January 1. 1922, the aggregate 
savings deposits in local banks 
amounted to approximately $26,000,- 
000, an average of about $125 for 
every man, woman and child, white 
and black, of the city’s 200,000-odd 
population. 

On May 10, 1917, total savings were 
in the neighborhood of $12,000,000, 
an average of approximately $65 for 


every individual of the estimated pop- 
ulation of 186,000 at that time. 

The increase in the average per 
capita savings account for the * — 
of four and a half years is ex- 
actly 100 per cent. 

Mr. Donovan attributed the unusual 
increase in savings accounts to the 
influences of the world war. 

“During the war,” he said, “every 
effort was made to educate people to 
an appreciation of the value of thrift 
and saving, and these have certainly 

roved fruitful. First people bought 

iberty bonds through patriotism and 
accumulated their value where gp a 
bly the money would have been — 
on things not purely netessary. en 
the thrift stamp and war savings 
ideas were developed, and the people 
fell right into line and accumulated 
more and more. 

“When the war was over, the habit 
of saving had 
that the e wouldn’t discard if. 
The savings departments of the banks 
have worked to aid the movement and 
new savings ideas have been from time 
to time evolved. The result can be 
seen from the figures given.” 

Mr. Donovan added that Atianta had 
never been a saving, thrifty city until 
five or six years ago. the war 
changed things, however, he stated 
that the city has been increasing her 


and was Lan p 


COSTS 
You Nothing 


FOR EVERY PERSON. 


barometers of financidl well-being } 


Be Made Capital Of- 
fense. 


Recommendations that more police- 
men be add ¢ to the Atlanta police 
department immediately to check the 
reign of lawlessness sweeping over the 
city were made Tuesday by three dif- 
ferent bodies in Atlanta. The commit- 
tee on church co-operation passed reso- 
lutions recommending at least 50 ad- 
ditional policemen. Three _ clubs, 
members of the Intercivic council 
recommended employment of addition- 


al policemen and that burglary and 


robbery be made capital offenses. Kev. 
J. W. Ham, voicing the sentiment of 
the Atlanta police commission at its 
meeting Tuesday night, recommended 
that 100 additional policemen be em- 
ployed. 

Dr. Ham, at the meeting, said he 
felt sure he voiced the sentiment of 
the entire u e in this recom- 


efficiency were in accord Tuesday, 
members of both factions, almost te 
a man, declaring that they would sup- 
port the finance committee’s action 
Monday authorizing an appropriation 
to employ 50 additional police officers, 
and an overwhelming majority assert- 
ed they would vote in favor of the 
committee’s recommendation that two 
police substations be erected. 

Passage of the measures is assured, 
Regardless of their stand on police af- 
fairs in the past, members were quick 
to admit that the local crime situation 
is beyond control of the present de- 
partment, and that council must act 
deeisively in an effort to break the 
reign of lawlessness sweeping the city 
and protect the citizens in the future, 

Reviewing the decision of the finance 
committee, Chairman J. R. Seawright 
declared that the members were unan- 
imous that it had come time to do 
something. “It looked like we had to 
do n or the thugs would kill 


sl be | 
| — Move: . 


- | exclusive of the 11 members of the 


Ham declared that if city council adds 
less than 50 men to the police ferce 
at this time the responsibility for 
maintaining adequate law enforcement 
machinery will rest squarely on coun- 
cil and not on the police department, 

“Tf 100 men are added to the police 
department then the citizens of At- 
lanta would have the- right to ex- 
pect fhat degree of efficiency in the 
police department which has been (e- 
manded, Dr. Ham declared. “I hope 
couneil will meet the situation exist- 
in in Atlanta by going beyond the 
repagt of the finance committee and 
adding a sufficient number of men to 
give the city adequate police protec- 
tion. 

Many on Traffic Duty. 


“We must remember that recently 
many men have been transferred from 


active police duty to serve as traffic 


officers. 8 
number of active officers. The trat - 


Continued on Page 14, Column 2. 


l 


saving propensity by leaps * bounds | 
jwogresting. 


DIES OF INJURIES 
IN Z-STORY FALL 


J.N. Fitzgibbons, 26, Dead 
From a Fractured Skull, 
After Fall Into Court of 
Hotel. 


J. N. Fitzgibbons, 26 years of age, 
died Tuesday night at 10 o' clock in 
Grady hospital as a result of a frac- 
tured skull received when he walked 
off a two-story roof and fell into the 
Oxford hotel’s court Monday morning 
at o' clock. 

Fitzgibbons had been living in the 
Oxford hotel, on Whitehall street, for 
about one week and asked the clerk 
to cash a check for $104 Saturday. 
The clerk said that it could not be 
done and Fitzgibbons 
would cash it M y 


This has reduced really the 


said that he 


finance committee in statements Tues- 
day announced that they would vote 


oppose the recommendation. Couneil- 
man J. A. Couch, staunchest advocate 
of the existing police system, stated 


but would not support the establish- 
ment of substations. He was the only 
member to declare against them. Oth- 
ers asserted that the locating of aux- 
iliary stations would be a measure 
equally as important as supplementing 
the numerical strength of the force. 
Some members were of the opinion 
that little improvement could be ex- 
pected until the ting heads of the 
police and Pe departments 
should be ba ed and the ranks thor- 
oughly reorganized, but they said they 


direction of relief. 

Councilman Claude Ashley didn't 
go farther in vocal expression than 
to say “Something’s wrong,” but he 
exhibited a letter from the city com- 
missioners of Birmingham, stating 
that Birmingham, with 50 square miles 


The Weather 
RAIN. 


for a larger police force or would not 


that he would vote for 50 more men, 


would support anything looking in the: 


Washington—Forecast 
1 — 1 by clear- 
ng — . ednesday; Thursday 
fair and colder. . 


Local Weather Report. 
Highest temperature. „ % % „ „ „ „ 
Lowest temperature 
Mean temperature 
Normal temperature 
Rainfall past 24 hours, 
Excess since ist of month inches 
Excess since Jan. 1, inches 


en a ; * 2 m. * N 7 
ry tempera ure. 

Wet bulb. . se 4 
Relative humidity 72 


„ 


and State of 


ve 


„ „„ „ & 


2 
42 
72 100 


sss S 8E 


— 
to 


‘ighteen aldermén and councilmen, ~~ 


es tH 


Bos 

* tL 
4. 
tae 


At Paris on Armament Limitation? 


You know what it is now. You know what France is 
asking— what she is demanding—at the disarmament con- 
ference in Washington. But what about Paris in 1919, 
** Wilson xy own with Europe’s premiers to frame 


a lasting peace? 
If you would know the. situation as it eixsted then, read 


ehe Peace” 
By Ray Stannard Baker- 


written from the personal papers of Woodrow Wilson and 
under the direction of the former president. In The Mag- 
_ gzine of next Sunday's Constitut Mr. Baker tells from 
authentic records of those deliberations of 1919 what the 
French asked then and what Clemenceau demanded in the 
council of four 
g Get this historical e in The W sot 


Prokofieff’s “The Love for Three 
Oranges,” the directors of the Chicago! 7” 
Grand Opera company hustled around 
Tuesday and signed up Amelia Galli- 
Curci again for six weeks next season. 
Mme. Galli-Curci had ‘nothing to do 
with the $100,000 premiere of the 


sociated Press.)\—When the dail eire- 
ann adjourned tonight by consent’ of 
all sides to February 14, the situation 
which last night was dangerous and 
obscure had been to a great extent 
clarified. The new president, Arthur 
Griffith, and a new cabinet, had been 
selected and the way had been smooth- 
ed to putting into effect the terms of 
the treaty. 

Griffith moved the 3 of | 


the following members of his cabinet: 
of finance, Michael Collins. 
George Gavan Duf- 


quo” in the Pacific. The Japenese 
were said to have agreed tentatively | 
to an American draft of the article,’ 
but to have deferred final action un- 
til they communicated with Tokto. 

‘As a result of this development and 
other time-consuming details of final 
drafting, some of the delegates pre- 
dicted that the full naval committee 
would not be called upon to act on 
the treaty before Thursday or Fri- 
day, and that no plenary session to} 
discuss it publicly would be * 


To Try. 
Its 
Easy to Play. 


* 


* arssarssrtssssassssss rss 


i 


suausemauasauazaueesege 


aa 


1 
i 


8 


8 
1 . . * 
* 9 ee ba 
° 0 9 
5 te +e 
: x ore 2 a 
— — 


8 


> a 
5 
4 ; 
— * 
1 * 
= 


qs = wrong. 
4 increase of 50 men, and if shown where 


d councilmen expressed 
| 7 crime situation and 
@ remedy in the following statements 


>. 
bin ieee * 
* 


B. Du Vall, first ward: 
ught to have more men 


them. 

‘ Councilman Claude Ashley, fourth 
ward: “Something's wrong.” 

Councilman J. A. Couch, fifth ward: 
“I don’t believe 50 men are too man 
to add to the force, but I don’t thin 
we need the substations. The activi- 
ties of our police officers, except in 
extreme cases, ought to be confined 
within the limits of the city. For in- 
stance, I don’t believe police officers 
ought to be chasing all over the state 
after stolen automobiles or up here in 
north Georgia hunting moonshiners. 
These are state offenses and the state 
ought to do that. Another thing I don't 


two | believe, 1 don’t believe that so much 


are doubtless other improvements that 


: ot ought to be made, but my mind is not 
ae 1 up on just what they should 


Councilman J. O. Wood, second 
ward: “I’ve tried always in council 
to give support to constituted author- 
_ ity, dut when The Georgian under- 
takes to defend anything I know its 
Hewever, I will support an 


substations will benefit the service I 


2 
Sales will vote for them.” 


Councilman Fred C. Woodall, third 


ward: “I realize we need more police 


officers than we've got, and I'm go- 
ing to support the increase. But 100 
more men put under the same leaders 
we have I don’t believe will stop the 
/erime wave. We can never expect the 
proper improvement until we get rid 


bk Beavers and Poole. 


To Offer Resolution. 
In this connection, Councilman 
Sims and I are going to introduce at 
the next council meeting our joint res- 


‘of the officers’ time should be tied up 


in the state courts away from their 
duties. The solicitor ought to expe- 
dite cases in which officers are wit- 
nesses as much as_ possible.” 

Alderman Foster L. Hunter, fifth 
ward: “There is entirely too much 
crime going on in the city. Council 
has got to take a hand to protect the 
people. I shall certainly favor adding 
more men. That will help to relieve 
the situntion. That we need the serv- 
ices of police substations, there is Bo 
doubt.“ 

Can't Get Protection. 

Dr. L. P. Baker, councilman, sixth 
ward: “I am for anything that will 
improve that department down there. 
It looks like the farther it goes the 
worse it gets. We certainly need an 
increase in the department. The pro- 
posal to build two new substations 
is a good idea. It seems we can’t get 
the protection we need from one cen- 
tral station.” 

Alderman W. C. Davis, seventa 
ward: “I think it’s a wise thing to 
increase the police force. We could 
well use 100 more men. I am very 
much in favor of the substations.” 

Councilman W. C. Jenkins, seventh 


ward: “I was glad to see the finance 
committee make the recommendations 


e science 


of haking 


cannot produce better 


BREAD 


than the loaf 
now selling for 


TE a ROGERS Store near yor 


IGERS 


C 


ward: 


1 s K f . ; 5 
to aid the — 


It appears 

location for one of 

the substations would be at Whitehall 

and Oak streets, in West End, near 

the fire station, on property now owned 
by the city.” : 

Alderman Harry Goodhart, eighth 
ward: “Conditions are so awfully 
critical that any step toward relief 

but what the 
rough 


will improve the service. I think an 
addition to the force is one way to 
do it. The police board ought to know 
best what the service needs in the way 
of new stations, and I am to 
accept its recommendations.” 

Need New Chief. 


Councilman Walter A. Sims, ‘ninth 
“On account of the newly an- 
nexed territory, we need som: wi! 
men. but the thing we need worst of 
all is a new chief. As to new sub- 
stations, I introduced a resolution at 
the last meeting of council calling for 
the building of one at the corner of 
Mayson and DeKalb avenues.” 


Councilman Horace Russell, ninth 
ward: “I expect to support the 
movement to increase the police force 
and build two new substations. Also, 
I will support the new charter that 
will give us an efficient organization 


of the department. I think the de-? 


partment, whatever its organization, 
ought to have some new men and new 
substations.” 


Dr. H. A promo 2 
ward: “I favor the pro addi- 
tion to the police force and would 
like to see about three substations 
instead of two.“ 

Councilman T. Frank Callaway, 
tenth ward: “I heartily concur in the 
action of the finance committee. We 
should have more policemen and new 
substations. The police department's 
excuse for not coping with the situa- 
tion is that it hasn’t enough — 
Conditions are terrible. Something 
has got to be done.“ 


Should Have 100 Men. 


Alderman J. L. Carpenter, eleventh 
ward: “The finance committee ought 


to have authorized 100 men, instead | W 


of fifty. I think we had better leave 
the substations off and spend that 
money for more policemen. And in- 
stead of spending the taxpayers’ 
money for a public market site it 
ought to be appropriated toward im- 


Perhaps a New Point Is Just 

the Thing Needed to 

Put Your Pen m Writ- 

| “Is the expert adjust- 
ment that counts.” 


MILLER’S 


Fountain Pen Service 


Sixty-Four Miller’s 
North Broad Book Store 


in favor of the appro 
stations.” 

Other members of council were 
either out of the city or could not 
be reached for statements. bis 


ATLANTAN TO ATTEND : 


AGRICULTURAL MEET) ; 


ey 8 . * 

of The Southern Ruralist, of Atlanta; 
Governor John M. ker, of Louisi- 
ana; Bradford Knapp, dean of the ag- 
ricultural college at 8 Ark.; 
J. H. Ross, president of Florida Citrus 
Exchange, of Winter Haven, Fla.; J. 

Fox, cotton planter of Scott, 
Miss.; Clarence Poe, editor Progres- 
sive Farmer, Raleigh, N. C.: D. R. 
8 2 planter, „ 8. 

es ° * Organ ent 0 Agri- 
cultural college, of — Tenn.; 
ormer Governor Henry C. Stuart, of 
Virginia, farmer and cattle breeder. 


‘REPUBLICAN RAPS | 
ANTI-LYNCH BILL 


Continued from First Page. 


— 


with astonishment while democrats 
and some republicans applauded his 
points with enthisiasm. 

Building to his climax, his allotted 
time was gut when Congressman Up- 
shaw yielded the Maine statesman a 
part of the time already allotted to 
the Atlanta representative. 


Quotes Grady. 

As the Maine congressman a 
proached his conclusion, he pe ne 
all by a ringing quotation from Henry 
Grady on the south’s problem in 
settling the race question, following 
it with an eloquent appeal for na- 
tional unity, tears standing in the 
speaker’s eyes as he closed and the 
whole democratic side with several 
republicans rising to their feet. 

Mr. Hersey closed as follows: 

The southern states are enforcing 
laws today similar to the one provided 
in this bill, and better than many of 
the northern states are doing. It is 
their duty to so enact and enforce 
such laws. It is not the duty of con- 
gress to interfere in the working out 
of this great problem by the states 
of the union. 

Grady’s Teaching. 

“Over 30 years ago, the immortal 
Henry W. Grady: left his southern 
home and made a fraternal visit to 
the people of the north. He was the 
best friend the colored people ever 
had. He told us that the great race 
problem could’ not be settled by fed- 
eral statutes, by sending to the south- 


4 . 1 ar et . we Sete D = 7 * 1 > 3 . 
r ‘wat tone 1 rn 


cord 
them separately—for assimilation 


means debasement. She must carry 


carry 
end, for in human probability she will 
never be quit of either.’ 

“This burden no other people bears 
today—on none hath it ever rested. 
Without precedent or companionship, 
the south must bear this problem, the 
awful responsibiliy of which should 
win the sympathy of all human kind, 
and the protecting watchfulness of 
God, alone, even unto the end.” 


: Equal Protection. 

“What wonderful progress the 
south has made in giving to the col- 
ored race the equal protection of the 
laws during the last 30 years. It 
is not contended by the proponents 


constitution. 


persons. No one claims, as an ex- 
euse for this bill, that any state in 
all this broad land has laws that de- 
prive any person or class of persons 
of the equal protection of the laws. 
oday each state has its own con- 
stitution patterned after and in ac- 
cordance, conformity and harmony 
with the constitution of the United 
States. Every unconstitutional provi- 
sion of the past that has dicriminated 
in any manner against the colored race 
has n swept aside and declared 
null and void by the supreme court of 
the United States. Every state has 
its own legislature that enact laws 
for the government, guidance and pro- 
tection of all its citizens. Every state 
has its courts to construe its laws 
and dispense justice to its people. 
Every state has its governors, sheriffs 
and police officers to enforce its laws. 
These are sacred rights reserved by 
the constitution of the United States 


to the several states, and these rights 
you and I under oath are sworn to 
preserve and protect. 

A Nation United. 


“Since the days of Blaine and 
Grady, the sons of the Blue and Gray, 
have ‘tought side by side. on land and 
on sea, first to liberate the slaves of 
Spain, then next the soldiers of the 
north and the south, forgetting par- 
tisanship and sectionalism, have borne 
the old flag of the fathers to triumph- 
ant victory on the blood-red fields of 
France, and while I am speaking to 
you together, the sons of the Blue 
and the Gray sleep side by side under 
the poppies of Flanders field. Only 
yesterday the path of the president 


was strewn with flowers by the peo- 


3 


So with your automobile. Any car is a better 


car on a good road. 


The car with the highest gas mileage has a 
crete. : 


ler mileage on Con 


The car with the quickest “pick-up” picks up 
: quicker on firm, unyielding Concrete. 
The best non-skid tire holds better on the gritty 


Concrete surface. 


_ ‘The car with the lowest depreciation has a 
lower depreciation on Concrete. 

Motorists know these are facts—and motorists, 

ii they insist, can get the kind of roads they want. 


Our Booklet R- tells other interesting things 
about Concrete roads. 


PORTLAND CEMENT ASSOCIATION 
Hurt Building 


ATLANTA, GA. 
cA National Organization to Improve and 
Extend the Useyof Concrete 
Offices in 21 Other Cities 


- USES THE : 


NWAY PIANO 


Write for your copy. 


Veal Stew ......... 
Beef Stew ......... 
Pig Heads 
Beef «Roast i a „„ „„ 
Veal Roast 
Veal Chops .... We 
Pork Shoulders . 12½c 
Beef Steak ......12'4¢ 
Pork Sides 12 ½ e 
Pork Loin Roast . . 15 
Backbone ......-..15¢ 
Pork Hams .....17'4c 
Pork Sausage ....17¥/c 
Pork Chops .......20c 


No. 10 Cornfield 
Pure Lard ......$1.00 


At Cash and Carry 
Prices, Yet 


WE DELIVER 


From Our Main Store 
M. 2216—2217 


Fresh Selected Teastore 
Eggs per doz 49° 


15 lbs. Fancy Irish 
Potatoes 47c 


Bulk Grits u. 2° 
$9.50 


100 pounds 
Quaker Oats 
Chicken feed 


Jam or 
Preserves 


Post 


COFFEE 


Mocha and Java or 
Bokar, 40c; Sultana, 
35c; Iona, 30c; Good. 


Rio, 17%. 3 
40 


Teastore 
Butter 


C 
Bec ae 


13 CASH 


BROYLES’ 


STORES 


1068339 


Grade CREAMERY BUT TER, 40c 


Cream of 


Wheat. 240 


uaker. Oats, 
— 75 a 10c 


Swift's Premium Hams, Ib., 28¢ 


— 3 Georgia Cane 
yrup, in 
bulk, gal. 45c 


1 Ib. Net Gov. Corn 


1 


Hash. 


No. 10 Pure Lard, $1” 


Libby’s Rosedal ox. , 
Stab berry am 2O0C| jam”. I Oc 


4 Lhs. Head Rice, 25c 


O. B. Jams, 
R 


20c 


1-lb. Can Niko Califor- 


nia Sar- : 150 


| dines 3 


Golden Key Evapora- 
can, 6c; large can 1 GC 


e SUGAR, $1.00 


| MORRELL’S Mince 
Meat, in bulk, 


. 156 


24 Ibs. Broyles’ 


XXX Self-Rising . . Flour, $1.04 


Red Seal 


Eee doe 


24 Ibs. olia 
Broyles’ Plai 


FLOUR, 99c 


No. 2½ Pie 


12c 


No.2 
Blackberries ae 12¢ 


E © oe * 


G Diamond Soap, 29¢ 


Vienna ets 8 c 


Meats 3e 


‘ 9 * 


eat patie, Ib., 1220 


2 2 2 
ae ™ * i 


10c 


; we . 3 . : a - 
1 2 n we 2 
; 3 2 sa i 


* 
ee 
a g 
poke 3 or 
: » 
4 * J ; 
7 hoe 2 , x : ee tt 
4 5. , 4 5 gg ee 
5 we ‘ 
. 5 
N 4 % 7 206 
7 2 


of this bill that today any state 
of the union has in its constitution | 
a single provision in violation of the | 
fourteenth amendment of the federal 
It is not claimed for a 
moment that any of the states have 
now a single statute that discrimi- ' 
nates against any person or class of | 


7 : Pees 1 
a — win BEERS Ste 


id} pl a 
nr * 
. eee . — mae Pes 
an 4 
ne 
* 


1 


1 
1 
, 123 
* * 5 * 1 
’ : ia „ 
d 1 
1 E 0 2 +f Bod 
ae 
1 
a 
uk 


65 
: 


Diabetic 
and 
Dietetic 
Food Products 


We are distributors in the Southeast for the spe- 
cially prepared foods which are recommended in 
cases of Diabetes, Obesity, Starchy-Indigestion, Gout, 
Rheumatism, Anemia, Constipation, Albuminuria, Neu- 
rasthenia, Heart-Diseases, Hepatic troubles, Super- 
alimentation in Tuberculosis, Alimentation of Infants, 
Children, etc. 


Physicians and Dietitians 
NOTE: 


Our stocks are complete and you can rec- 
ommend these foods for your patients with 
every assurance that your orders will re- 
ceive prompt and careful attention, 

Prominent in this stock 
of foods are these: 


Products of — 
CH. HEUDEBERT, Paris— 


ALEURONE (Gluten) BREAD—PAIN de 
GLUTEN— These breads are scientifically 
made without yeast or chemicals and are 
especially recommended for Diabetes, Obes- 
ity, ete. They do not become stale. 


ALEURONE BREAD (50 Muffins)...........$2.10 
PAIN de GLUTEN (21 in box). dz 2.20 


BREAD STICKS of 
CHATEL-GUYON— 


For Constipation and Stomach Troubles; 
easily digested and nutritious, Chatel-Guyon 
Bread Sticks are a natural mechanical pro- 
moter of digestion, and will not lie heavily 
in the Stomach. 


‘STICKS OF CHATEL-GUYON (30 sticks). . 81.28 


{= 


logical growth and maintenance of the body. 
dt is five hundred per cent richer in avail- 
able phosphoric acids than ordinary bread, 
It is a beneficial food for Autotoxics, Conva- 
lescents from fever, especially Typhoid, 
Dyspepsia, Organic Diseases of the Stomach, 
Obesity, etc. Essential bread without Salt 
is especially recommended in the diet of the 
Albuminurics. 


ESSENTIAL BREAD—with or without 


salt— 
(SO Sticks), per bon. 1.38 


FLUTES au GLUTEN— | 


A food that is perfectly assimilable and 
easily digested. Have a very pleasing taste 
and are highly appreciated by people seffer- 
ing from Diabetes, Obesity, etc, 


FLUTES au GLUTEN (10 Flutes in box)........756 


CRESCO GLUTEN FLOUR— 
(20%) 10-lb. Bags $2.00 


FARWELL & RHINES 
GLUTEN FLOUR— 


(40%) 10-lb. Bags $3.50 


Battle Creek — . 
Food Company’s Products— 
GLUTEN BISCUIT (40 per cent) per package...30¢ 


GLUTEN MEAL (20 per cent) per package......80e 
GLUTEN FLOUR (40 per cent) 5-Ib. bags.....$2.00 


MAIL ORDERS 


Out-of own customers enclose reasonable 
amount to cover postage and insarance. Any 
excess will be returned. 


Note 
We have a few copies left of DIET LISTS 
by FARWELL & RHINES and EAT YOUR 
WAY TO SLENDERNESS, by HEUDE- 
in These will be mailed free upon re- 
quest. 


— 


gee) as ts 8 1 r 
* n — 5 Preys 


Uncle Bim Has\MANV bre ee RICHMOND man 
se ge pa N M LAID | sense: Sees, rotiery sod cornet! MAKES BEQUEST 
s-| Friends in Local ae ey) TO ORPHAN HOME 

Rotary Club vine D e Wea ae, Is Completed a 

* , | fat | 4 esis merchant, who died : sidera 
agitation here for owes — Body Directs Unkind Re- Boys and young men of Atlanta are Children Killed tn sat valued — in aad Shows Bre e QueOlesla av unties 

marks at Andy and Min. responsible for 1 ' nig begs — charitable — System Followed in Mid- Included in the program 


2 ing committed here and figures | | . . ! . 
Urge Uncle Bim’ | that. — lan oft oie home, at Atlanta, the t i dle Geor 
ge Uncle Bim’s Cause. | that'an astounding proportion of the| When Fast Train tie, at Adana, th rum ot $800, xc gia. 


8 than 20 years of age, according to been’ probated.” 

INSON. udge : the Ful | acon, Ga., January 10,—(Spe- | 

“Andy” nt and mane aa — . aS H. its Sc hool B as The legacy referred to above will tat tes survey which Dr. 4 A. de 

1 5 4 at the Kotary club luncheon Tuesday “ be applied to the Simon Wolfe fund, | Soule, president of the Georgia State the farmer throughout the year, de- 
got a stout jolt in Atlanta Tuesday. : ; , l tae : : +» | velopment of packing and shi . 
Judge Humphries cited his docket 7 College of Agriculture, will submit , | 

Even ubiquitous little Chester came of cases for Tuesday and said Tues- Vanwert, Ohio, January 10.—Three e ee ee rae of the | 4 the Macon Chamber of Commerce 3 8 . — cr = 
1 * im ‘ i . 2 . or ns i’ ; * 
in for a rap or two. (ld “Uncle Bim”| day's caves were a fair ‘sample d. Glien were-kiled instantly and 21 25 dpi, gegen g of the orphans | Thursday night. was completed today | 4°92 Je, f. fe mammeth market 


Gump is going to have a fair showing eon ol — before Aim ne the others were injured this morning when | ing to V. H. Kriegshaber, head of the | ties tributary to Macon. ing plan to develop Georgia products. 


for his white alley in his wooing of : f ph 
; — “Qn today’s docket for mstance IIa school bus was hit by an eastbound | orphanage. ; ho in the 30- 
the Widow Zander and all the eubtle found the case of three white Loys.| Pennsylvania fast freight train three| ‘The Hebrew Orphans’ home has PT Sel 9 2 arme DR. PORTER BURIED 


f re machinations and schemings of the : been i : 32 d 
* two of them 16 years old and one 17 miles east of here at Golby crossing. n in existence over 32 years, an d by owners, and 50,424 farms 
A Handy Book for the Road  .Qijssevporiers turoushout õ | c8'8 ol charged with . . in honns | overated entirely by tenants. Ihe in-| Prominent Physician In- 
FB | Nill come to naught if the Kotarians ene case they were jointly indicted | pected to live.. ‘Twelve of the children | of Simon Wolfe, a prominent Wash- | Proved acreage and the Arerage for terred at Macon. 
This National Loose-Leaf Special. Filler HB | Sidney Smith, creator Of The Gumps, tor entering one house together. They were only slightly injured and were ington lawyer for twenty-five years all the farms is 81 acres. The total 
has ri ) th ular cart daily entered a plea of guilty. taken to their homes. prominently identified with the diplo- acreage under cultivation is 3,193,-| Macon, Ga., January 10.—(Spe- - 
s right-hand page for expenses, left-hand in The Constitution ee |The second case today was that of] ‘The dead are: matic service and a staunch support-| 382, in a possilfie acreage of 7,099.-| j01)--The funeral of Dr. Ki 
page for cash report and route. The Atlanta Rotary club Tuesday u, White boy, 18 years old, charged| Lucile ackler, aged 9. Aster ot ed or the local fund. Nr. Kriegsbaber 20, showing less than 45 per cent of 5 neti eee ere: fesse 
To get complete outfit, ask your stationer heard a resolution read by Al Thorn- we Een bh b Jessie Fackler, aged 14, sister 0 said, has grown steadily from lega- | he land in the producing area is hele | Se ee ety eae 8 
. ? yo ell. conde ning the meddlesome in- e thi case was that of three! Lucile. 7 worked. Pompano, Fla., was held this after 
for National No. 04471. ferterence of “Andy” and “Min” in ith — 7 1 17 or 18 years old, charged . a, aged 7. 1 xpected 3 3 4 — Dagger Aside from white and sweet pota- noon at 3:30 o'clock from the Chero 
7 — e urglary. tally injured and expe wh — is 
National Loose-Leaf Memo Book are — — du Sid of eee Bim “The fourth case was that of a ne- 55 die ‘ate: “lose h Overholt, aged 17,| which the influence of the Atlanta ae 1 1 ie a epee kee Heights Baptist church in Macon. 
venient for the pocket, built to stand — Plage oe ing to — iney 2 Aa re, gro boy charged with burglary, and] the driver, and John Stegeman, aged | home extends. The fund is now 8130. truck crops. It is estimated in the| Rev. W. M. Sledge conducted the serv- 
pathy , K rom permitting the tribe of] the fifth was the case of a negro man. 12 : 000, and the interest accruing from it . : f 
nard wear of tra ling 9 Andy“ from putting any stones in 25 ; ; : : : rr Soule survey that acreage devoted to ice and interméht followed at River- 
ve . i * th th of “Uncle Bim. Presid not more than 25 years old, charged | The accident occurred at a crossing} is used in maintaining the home and truck farming should not be less than 4d ‘ 
he Mark of a Good Book’’ wth referred oe — , the with robbery. just a half-mile from a centralized | its inmates, who now number 140. 50,000 or 60,000 acres. The produc- en —— — the Macon Meral . 
ark of a pa a egy gir * e Auto Theft Charged school. The bus driver, Joseph Over-| Mr. Kriegshaber states that the e forage and hay invthe Ieee i embers 8 : 
f public satety and judg-/ , a ; holt, stopped the bus at the crossing, Hebrew Orphans’ home is the first in | territory last not safficient | (ety attended the funeral id a body, | 
ing from the general approval voiced The sixth case, which I am now got out and looked up and down the] the country to adopt the mothers’ 8 ; „ — ** a on the Dr. Moore having at one time been © aw 
by the individual Rotarians the reso- trying, is that of a white boy, 17 track, Not seeing the approaching pension plan, by which a destitute e — — and mu 7402 000 president of the society; he also was 
lution will be adopted by unanimans years old, charged with automobile train because of a heavy fog, he start-| mother is supplied with funds to keep blen in 1919 dropbed to 122000 President of the Georgia Medical so 
vote. ; = 2 is just a sample of a) oa to drive across’ the track, when | children in comfort who are too young ea in 1921 ropped to 122 ciety several years ago. Active pa'l- 
When the resolution was read con- dane docket in my court, and you.must| the engine struck the bus. to be admitted to the home. The plan * bearers were selected from the board 
taining such revolutionary present-; remember that nearly all the Canes Twenty-four children were in the has worked 24“ he declared. Live Stock Industry. of deacons of the Cherokee Heights 
ments the Hotarians at first stood beg e bus. and all that were not instantly | and has been adopted by other charit-| Comparatively little attention is Baptirt church and the medical society 
aghast. Then a spontaneous wave of ö 2 boys 1 for most kille 4 were more or less injured. Three able institutions throughout the | given to the development of live stock, | also fufmished an honorary escort. 
ee 2 J 4 yee 1 . one 5 ambulances and all available physi- {| country. . dairying and poultry raising in the Moore practiced medicine and 
* been A bo "die e Uumpufles. He Bald’ nebro cians were called from Vanwert. The] Mr. Kriegshaber has been president | district, the report shows, A large | surgery in Macon for thirty-five years 
— vend bie document it wae FE seriously injured children were taken | of the home for seven years, and bis | part of these products now consumed and previous to coming here practicer 


Loose -Leaf and Bound Books 4 considered almost heretical for any] they could not sell them. White 1 incere work for its expansion has re- in the district are i from oth- in Knoxville and Forsyth, Ga. He 
boys are able to sell the automobiles, to the Van vert county hospital. — ‘ta er — neon ee was an honorary member of the Fel- 


person to sympathize with any person sulted in untold good to the institu- ay . 
The fruit industry is well developed lows of the American College of Sur- 
home is located on Washington street. and the bulk of Georgia's $10,000,000 | geons, 


tous battle for “Uncle Bim’s”’ mil- | December terms of his court, Judge 
Humphries said, there were 45 our- 


NATIONAL BLANK BOOK COMPANY, 22 Riverside, HOLYOKE, MASS. but “Andy” and “Min” in the momen-| be claimed. During the November and | uILD'S NFED (\F y 7 tion, hiss fellow workers declare. The 


lions, ; : 
| -glary cases, and in most instances the 


66 %9 a 5 
Friends For “Uncle Bim. criminals were boys, largely negro 


But “Uncle Bim” Gump can now | boys, but many of whom were white © 9 
| seek the heart of the Widow Zander] boys. During this period there were anie S Cas C earance Sa E 
i f content in the thought that he has 24 automobile theft cases, nearly all . 
plenty of friends in the world. The the defendants being white boys. he - | | . 
t th Atlanta club resolution not only com- | said. There were seven forgery cases 
a e mits this club to the Bim cause but | and some of the defendants were white ; f pl to the , 8 
; — di Jude H uri Stressing the value of play to 
calls on all the Rotary clubs in the | boys, according to Judge Humphries. zn a: qual in childhood, Professor W. 


AUDITORIUM world to rally to the Bim standard. White Boys Bootlegging. A. Sutton, superintendent of the At- 
: While it was not actually incor-| ©] have noticed that many white|lanta public school system, addressed 
porated in the resolution the fact that | boys are engaged in bootlegging, and | the Kiwanis club at its weekly lunch- 

— a the Atlanta club is composed largely have found that bootlegging whisky eon Tuesday at the Peacock cafe. 
er el of widowers and bachelors probably | and stealing automobiles run togeth-| The school official declared that the 
: has much to do with the resolution. | er,” Judge Humphries said. In one time has arrived when the schools, 
| Indeed it was openly hinted in the |, se I found that two automobiles were | churches and other institutions must 
R A C H M A N | N OFF club session that there are several] stolen by two boys. They took the provide adequate recreational advan- 
' : members of the club even now oecupy-| cars to the mountains, sold one of | tages for the children of the nation. 
— exactly 2 the same position as them, bought whisky with the money | The play instinct in a child has much 
, “Uncle Bim” and are being hampered | and brought it back to Atlanta in the to do with the development of the 

PIANIST-COMPOSER in their wooing of attractive Atlanta | other car.“ mind, spirit and body, he said. 

: widows by meddlesome relatives. There] Judge Humphries said these cases The speaker cited a number of 
R were several shouts of approval heard were all in his court, and that the the most important discoveries in his- 
. * at the meeting which seemed unneces- other judges could tell just such sto- tory, including steam, electricity and 
. . fis Fagen sarily loud. riese of juvenile criminals and their the airship, which a child at play 
Tickets on Sale „„ a The chief theme of the document | activities. He commended the Rotary had given to the advancement of civ- 
f igs which was introduced by Al Thorn-| club on its work in dehalf of juvenile | ilization. He told how Ben Franklin, 
fie . well in the absence of Paul Norcross| courts and its work among the voys | while flying a kite, brought electricity 
Box Offi „%%% ͤũ 1 ee is that a full grown man like Unele [of Atlanta. from the sky, and how a nine-year-old 
x ice | K „ Bim” in full possession of his faculties r boy, playing with a teakettle of hot 
„ f 7 and youthful vigor should be allowed| SCORE POLICE WORK water, discovered the power in steam. 
Cab ee to take, the woman of his choice In the absence of President J. 8. 
le Piano Co. „„ ß | Widows and tooth brushes should be IN COMPTON KILLING Kennedy, the meeting was presided 
„„ 4 a man's own private affairs, the over by Vice President Forrest Adair. 
,, , Rotarians think. Continued from First Page. Through the courtesy of Kiwanian 
84 N. Broad, until 6 p. m. 3 i Mme ae 1 Rotariaus mean business about Enrico Leide, leader of the Howard 
‘ 3 “Uncle ws" den eine to ake day morning, with a note stating that | theater orchestra, members of his or. 
Maccabbes, Moose, Heindeer, Grizzly | it had been found on the Powers Fer. ganization furnished muste (fot Ue 


* * 5 " a : 2 2 j j i f 
Auditorium Box Office 8 — ry road Friday morning. luncheon. A committee consisting o 
a Box ¢ Ny Benes or, any Saane. supporters of „i the bor: were several cartridges |Dr, GN. Hughes, A.W. Halkinburg 
: a et im in hig | Of the™size that fits the .25 caliber | and Kue i ae 

at 7:15 p. m . wii’ . ma ba po cry ne — pistol, and a fragment of a note with] Clint W. Hager, United States dis 
7 II. a 6 5 trict attorney, was present as the 


: , the signature “J. R. Compton” signed 
with the league of nations or the 8 ge The ah — the — guest of C. W. McClure. 


4 dail eireann or the Anti-Saloon league 1 * a 
* 8 5 or ething. Th N ture was the subject of additional in- 
eet AB : E ; day.” | DUBLIN CITY COURT 
| i 7 e note read as follows: 

ee | fed ett cal oct the governor's horse i storm to Atlanta about Wea} re SESSION 

guard and the Georgia navy if need — 1 208 | oe — vi 
be Gh weenirve thine right open will appreciate it and I will dis- Dublin, Ga., January 10.—(Spe- 
— A e cuss it with you when I return,” A.A secessid i. of Dublin 
Has Had Few Friends, “Very truly, yours, yy court 1 2 rev term, 
Hver since “Uncle Bim” arrived in (Signed) “J. R. COMPTON,” is * session here this week, with 
America on his second trip from Aue. , Possibility of the letter and box pe. Judge S. D. Sturgis on the bench and es 8 : adie 
= , tralia he apparently has had few | ing a “stall” to discourage further in- cei Willi Brunson handlin * ae . 
Prices: $1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2.00, — Seemingly popular feeling pag vet oe N. ie tactile — b K 8 . 
was all het up in the cause of Andy | 48 being plausible by let Foole. e Ber ae 
plus war tax. and “Min.” Old “Uncle Bim” felt 5 If the package and contents were A cemitag = 5 „ ae 
out of place as a-republican in Mis- Teally found Friday, the day follow-| both civil and criminal cases so far Copyright 1921 Hart Schaffner & Marx 
sissippi. He was as misunderstood as ing Mr. Compton's death, it is strange. | as is possible. The session. probably : 
a railway timetable. His wooing or the chief stated, that they should „ill hold over the remainder of this 


the Widow Zander met with a recep- | Just have been sent to him Tuesday. | . ö f 
tion which was a cold as a pawn- Fre ee Poole, 3 7 * 4 ts 
i 5 broker's heart. ot into dhe case, the more he became Algeria, Frances most important 5 a 2 O E E 8 
Main Floor—Women’s Dept. got into the case, the more he became} wiony, has a greater area than the 


But “Uncle Bim” now has powerful , * 
friends. Rotarians everywhere are | eonvinced that it was suicide. mother country. 


rallying to his cause. They are pre- Claims Suicide Evidence. 


0 ° 2 pared to flood him with massage cream}, “So far as I have been able to dis- 6 ; 
Great Sa C * 1 Fi C e Sale and mustache wax. He — get in- cover, there was no motive E sui- Webster's New Hart Schaffner & Marx clothes, Nettleton 


r 2 meet 8 — he said. On — —— ** International Dictionary : 8 
Tumes, rbers W ere was no mot . ° . : : 
of a whip his countenance with such zeal | preponderance of ‘evidence in our — Used in Constitution 8 hoe 8 * Ear 1 & Wilson shir ts and other 
* mt adit? make ——4 — 2 8 — — 8 2 et a Puzzle Contest 7 9 ? | 
urpin. owder puffs, t i : W W W 
Women 8 Boots & Shi ers dyes, bay rum, nail polishes and ies ueitor John Boykin 3 in standard brands of men 8 ear, ay do n 
pp powders will deluge him. The Kota-| attempting to prove that ompton In the late Constitution picture 


| rians will give him practical help as | was shot through the back of the head puzzle contest when determining which 


| > ll as moral support. by some other person. i t 
* B 0 Th 0 M - . Ba se tgp geno _ De : ,. | were correct and which were incorrec 
| 1 a WAS bos gy is now at In contradiction to Chief Poole's y the Jud sed as their refer- $ $ $ $ 
eg Ins ts 0 ning 4 J ‘mute work. Sidney Smith will be given) theoty, Plennie Minor, chief investi- coor mae highest “authority te the an 


complete advice as to the state of gator for Mr. Boykin, asserted his English language, Webster's New 


2 1 00 P. airs Fe “Uncle Bim's“ case. Organizations | conviction that Compton was murder- Internationaf Dietionary, which is Pi | 
„5 that are supporting “Andy” and Min“ ed. recognized throughout the United 
: . i will have to cringe in fear. Juvenile | Chief Poole, when asked if any ar- States as a criterion. nN r ; X 
e clubs pulling for little Chester will | Tests had taken place, replied that! The Websters New International a t a E a 

8 7 look to the future in fear. The Kota-| we haven’t made any arrests and | Dietionary is sold in the Southeastern 
rians declare that the battle is just | Probably won't make any. If it ie] States by F. P. Starry, 870 Spring 


beginning. oe suicide, there are no e , e Hemlock 141. | suits and ove coats red uced tO : 


: : Having exhaustively considered pos 
Here is the epoch making resolution | sible motives for suicide and having | CALL BELLE ISLE TAXICAB 
read before the Atlanta club ‘Tuesday: | » ‘ 

Whereas, it hag come to our attention 
through the public prints that many organ- 


izations throughout this free and liberty- : 

loving country of ours, as well as many 

hysterical women and misguided men, are ‘ 

oa one yee od Smith, of Chicago, in 
alf of one w Gump and family, 

seeking to prevent the — Bim — US ES TH E 

undle of said Andrew Gump, from taking 


Saat a ue mee | ~=STEINWAY PIANO 


able appeals emanate from mercenary mo- 
tives, prompted by that symathy that all Exclusively 


poor relatives feel for other poor relatives; 
and, Ne, eee am All-Star Concert Series 
ereas, said A. Gump, by his y flow i 
— — = . — So with pictures — 8 
ss 0 is divinely utifal wife, one Min 8 
The sty les con Gump, and his angel-face child, one Chester ontg t 


ay ae throng of poor relations in hie behalf: and, | aa 
— sete i . as business ‘men, deplore $60 $65 $70 and $75 Hart Schaffner & 


Tan Calf and Black Satin with Baby | tal vigor, trom taking to. hie bosom, the Marx suits and overcoats reduced to $39 


Louis, French, Military and Low heels. we petition the said : 


While these are “Short Lines,” they | Sie’, Smith, E a 3 
are most unusual values and practical. th vet of Hon, 'B. Gump from taking tm All Nettleton shoes reduced to'9.85 


; ’ wedlock, the Widow Zander; and be 
ty all sizes and widths will be found n the assortment, which is | 228 . = : 
© taken from our regular stock. Every pair is a wenderful value and | cute throughout the univers to join with 


many are worth almost twice the price we ask, which means some-| si L ken eommeet oy J * Daniel's velour hats, half price 


thing, as our customers know. 


eek : ae DECATUR AND CONCORD. , Peal 22 
122 h . S| 9 Auto gau ntlet gloves, half Price 
a 0 Decatur, Ga., January 10.— (Spe- ea : . | 5 eae ‘ pee i: 


©. Te tae 
1 
— 


AL adies’ Silk Stockings, plain with lisle tops, in Black, Pest : . 5 reduc tial 
Brown and White. Values 81.75 N $1 10 Richard’H La 2 | | 7 ft handker chief , underwear, hosiery, etc. ee 
+ * rere ’ 1 : en is 


5 7 9 9 
„ 4 * 


. 


* * Lt * * 
n n +: 
FO PS 2 4 N. : . 
— 38 
r (r 
8 r ‘ 
% 


* 


4 5 N 
r 


e 
3 
Pie 


3 
a a ®eeseenveeeeee#eeseeoeee#eer#serFreeeeses#eeeteee é 2 ' 
5 9 * 3 

: ‘ 12 


: ee tee * fs Lou save most here 


Decatur, Ga.. January 10.—(Spe- 
7 Collins, col was ar- 
ith 


cial.)—Jim 


$. 1 


0 ‘ 5 
. J yt re 17 
9 > 3 et +3 : 1 Pa 3 . 
b ö fesse * 
Te «ge gy SED”. Boop 25 Cig 3 
5 ak * tig we see ee 
; wo a Prete ye te Se 3 8 


- 5 
* * . Coes 
3 +. vt * td * * 
* 0 r 


7 a es 
ase “ye i ae. 
wR eS 


a ; * 4 5 a * rt * 7 2 N . iy = 5 —5 
l Mz * N : 2 e Lath CRABS. i, ey Se 2 ae *. N 
S322 ĩ ĩ§V Cee OR PP . POS l Ming ee ak eer ae 
N Trea me a aa? N 2 5 * eae i Toe : 8 4 ö 4 
SE 5 5 . e e e e ee, A, Sara Dee eee ae ln $s * n 
„ „ i om — F SL ie oe +e 
4 


* 


i 


8 . N 5 r 
0 e 1 ay fs 5 
* . ae; 
i ; 


as . ; . 
* be e N e me 
the lines of efficiency, is met, PATE 

; ee 14 


3 4 & 
* 4 5 
ay . fly and 1 Wk. 1 
Sund 
2 


Telephone Mais 5000, 


— oe 


v — ete 


BATES. 
Mo. 3 Mos. 6 Moa. 1 Tr. 
7 anos. eae 90e §2.50 00 


a Copies—Daily, be. Sunday—10e. 
a . R. HOLLIDAY, Constitution Building, 
1 0 advertising manager or all territory 
0 = 8 37 Atlanta. * 


be Consti 
fhe Raleigh 


tution Wi 
Hotel. 


* —— 


THE FIRST FRUIT! 

Gradually the good results 
achieved by the recent bunco in- 
vestigation initiated in response to 
charges of Solicitor General John 
_A. Boykin, backed by four consecu- 
tive grand juries and by council, 
are beginning to take form. 

The first marked step forward 
Is the approval by the finance com- 


mittee of council of a petition for 
the employment of fifty additional 
policemen and the installation of 
three police sub-stations, the pe- 
tition being presented to council by 
a committee from the police board, 
of which Police Commissioner Mc- 
‘Clelland was spokesman, and he 
was frank enough to say that the 
request was the RESCULT OF THE 
RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE 
SPECIAL COUNCIL COMMITTEE 
THAT CONDUCTED THE BUNCO 
INVESTIGATION. . 

As a matter of course council 


-will comply with the recommenda- 


tions of the finance committee, and 


authorize the addition of fifty men 


sub- stations. 


thinkable. 


to the police force, and the three 


Any other action would be un- 


After the police force is enlarged 


and properly equipped the next step 


will be to materialize the recom- 


Aa 


mendations of the four grand juries 
and of councils committee, in the 
matter of administrative details. 

The need of more men is uni- 


7 


aditions will at once improve. 


| tive and helpful propaganda pam- 
phlet that is being widely distrib - 


plant is “fully eqaipped and pre- 


“ATLANTA, GA, January 11, 1022. 


bal 231 


cw s. WEEVII. 
“he Dairy Cow Against the Bon 
Weevil” is the title of an informa- 


Georgia by a Creamery firm of 


Rome, which. announces that. its 


pared to handle alf of the sour. 
eream that section can produce“ 
“that section” embracing all of 
the territory within 150 miles of 
Rome, Ga.” 

Starting off with a brief sum- 
marization of the havoc that has 
been wrought by the boll weevil 
in the formerly 
districts of the south, the pamphlet 
notes— ‘ | 
“a most remarkable condition is de- 
veloping in the sections where the 
boll weevil has done his worst. 
With hardly an excéption we find 
the great cotton sections of the 
past developing into wonderful 
dairy sections of today.” 

The reason for this development, 
as the Rome creamery corporation 
sees it, is that— 

“It has been found te be a uni- 
versal fact that the boll weevil has 
never yet milked a cow, sucked ap 
eggs, nor killed a pig.” 
tit reminds the farmers that the 
dairy cow is a sure cash money 
producer for the entire twelve 
months of the year; that— 

“An average cow will produce up- 
ward of 200 pounds of butter per 
year, and in this way alone, each 
cow produces a cash income of from 
$7.50 to $12 per month. This amaqunt 
multiplied by the number of cows 
on the farm will indicate the in- 
come from the sour cream alone.” 

More than that, the firm points 
out, by selling sour cream only, 
instead of whole milk, there is a 
great saving in transportation 
costs; and “the skimmed milk is 
kept on the farm, and this skimmed 
milk is recognized as being the 
best calf, hog and chicken feed 
available.” 

And, the pamphlet goes on to 
say— 

“Another source of income from 
the dairy cow, in addition to the 
hogs and chickens which should be 
‘made a part of the dairy farm 
equipment, is furnished by the 
calves from these cows. They are 
a very handsome additional asset.” 
Still another advantage accruing 
to the dairy farmer—or the farmer 
who keeps from five to ten cows 
and produces creain along with his 
other farm products—lies in the 
fact that while earning an attrac- 
tive profit from his cows, he is 
constantly building up and adding 
to the fertility of his soil. 

He grows feed for his cows, the 
cows provide feed for his calves, 
hogs and poultry, and all that 
leaves the soil is the cream, meat 
and eggs—the land becoming rich- 
er year by year, instead of more 
and more impoverished as is es- 
sentially the case under the one- 
crop cotton system. 

This is the kind of farming that 


. 


all-cotton rural] 


, 4 
Jonah in de big ship, gwine fer a sail, 


Terrifyin’ country—tribulation place! 


They hunt me in Aut 


the grave 


They rive me 
„ £ es 
3 
For luck to make 
,a livin’— 
é, _ they think 
I’ve got the 
goods? 


I sure do wonder at em 
From springtime to fall. 

For I skirmish for my livin’ 
With my. rabbit foot an’ all! 


I wish they’d rise an’ run, 
Like I do, from sun to sun. 
For then I'd keep my four foots, 
I'd never miss a one! N 
>. &* * * — 
Briefs From Billville. 
We're not “starting” the new year; 
the new year’s starting us—on the big- 
gest hustle of a lifetime. 


There was a time when folks could 
“wait for the wagon,” but if they did 
that now, the auto drivers would knock 
them and the wagon sky high. 


Keep in line with the procession, 
and hurrah thee you get the 
“tip;” and don’t lose time prayin’ for 
rain if the signs ain't right. 


Don’t think there’s ever prosperity 
“to burn,” and be a fool, and set fire 
to it. 

* * — * * 


His Rising Word. 
Saw the New Year standin’ 
By the home fireplace ; 
Asked him for to tell me 
How to win the latest race. 


An’ he said: “Rise! Rise, 
With the mornin’ in your eyes, 
An’ make a workin’ beeline 

To the sunset skies!“ 


But I told him: Road is ru ed 
An’ the work is hard and long * a 

There are dreams by the fire— 
Don’t you hear the fire’s song?“ 


Still he said: Rise! Rise. 
With the. mornin' in your eyes, 

An' make the workin' beeline 

To the sunset skies!“ 
1 * * % * 

And They're So Fillin’! 
“Medical men,” says The Dawson 
News, “claim that fried potatoes are 
more dangerous than ‘moonshine,’ but 
we have yet to hear of a man going 
home and beating up his family after 
‘putting away’ a generous’ portion of 
either American or French fried.” 

5 oe * 10 * 
The Hard World. 
In de world whar you livin’ kin you 
have yo’ desite? ; 
Hard world, believers, any day! 
Ef you even go ter glory in a chariot 
of fre a b 
Lou sho will burn up on de Way! 


2 


Say he gwine ter take in all de sea, 

But dey throwed ol’ Jonah ter de 
flounderation whale, 

An’ de whale say, “He too much 
fer me!” 


Bees what make de honey got de 
stings; 
When you take a run ter glory 
behind you in de race 
Is Satan, settin’ fire ter yo’ wings! 
* 2 © „„ 


Defining Them. 


* 


„right 


jus 
‘fantasies of the black smoke into 


less than 35 who had no excess weight 


* 
— 


8 


MPINTYRE © 
r ea 
- oe 2 a 


the material slough. 
The shops are ‘ifeless and the chop 
suey caravansaries ghostly in taeir 
aerie hush. Timid little Chinese chil- 
dren play silently and with pathetic 
aimlessness along the gutters—stand- 
ing wide-eyed and shrinking at the oc- 


Little frame houses along Pel! and 
Doyer, with their faded green shut- 


afternoon. In these shambles live 
white women who have cast their un- 
happy lot with the Ises of China to 
make poppy their god. 

There is not the rattle of a ve- 
hicle in the narrow, crooked streets, 
and the only light is the purple haze 
that glows dimly at the entrance of 
the joss house—a joss house incident- 
ally for yap wagon teurists. 

Now and then there is the sonn of 
muffled gesticulation und strange ex- 
pletives seeping up from the under- 
ground passages that honeycomb this 
bit of the Orient, running off the hip 
of Chatham square. Perhaps a “hop 
head,” with a feverish morning “yen.” 

In front of the Cafe Naeioral, 
which used to be Nigger Mike Salter’s 
place, where the now opulent Irving 
Berlin once pounded the ivories. for 
pitched nickels, a figure spraw'ed on 
the doorstep asleep. It was “Old 
Horse and Wagon,” the only Chinese 
ever docketed for begging in Gotham. 

Around by the Port Arthur restau- 
rant a lone and fiercely mustachived 
Italian listened to the morning sere- 
nade of a shrill street band. The ele- 
vated trains, spun high in the ciouds. 
shrieked and the hooves of dray horses 
against the street added to the inces- 


* 


those restauran 
with \watent leather 


cidental face. . 


ters have the blinds down until mid-“ 


roar 
noisy lunch ‘hour crowds—and China- 
town slept sluggishly on, symbolic of 
its native land. 
2 It was afternoon 


2 „* 

tea time in ene of 
ts. A young man 
5 
gro oung men and women. H 
bow ye —— cuff and was just pc 
ing with merry quips. It was evident 
that he was not welcome, bu: they 
were trying to tolerate him. He be- 
gan to rub nerves raw, however, that 


was plain. b 
He turned to one sophisticated lady 
and inguired : “Sweetie, my 
e? 
“Smoke?” she said, with withering 
scorn, “why I gon't care if you burn. 


O, yes—almost forgot—the _ brash 
young man, when handed the bill of 
fare, inquired of the garcon: “Waiter, 
how are the menus today 2" 


Speaking of menus, in another cafe 
one of those big-hearted Otises who 
rub their hands and beam hen the 
waiter approaches, told the charming 
young lady opposite that when she got 
through looking over che hot --ceries 
on the bill of fare he was go 1g to 
suggest something he knew would 
please her taste. “What vou want to 
start with,“ he said, “is some of those 


horse d®ves.” 
~ * * « — 


In a stroll over West Forty-second 
street, covering four blocks, three tat- 
tered men approached with Cap. can 
I speak to you a minute?” in each 
case an inquiry was made 4s to why a 
resort had been made to street beg- 
ging, The answers varied. The first 
had lost his job, the econd was a 
war veteran and the third because he 
heeded the money to buy wis wife 
medicine. One longs for the ole fash- 
ioned beggar who states frankly that 
he wants money to buy a shot of hooch. 


| 


HEALTH TALKS | 


BY WILLIAM BRADY, M. D. 


e THE SLENDER SEX. 
Out of the last 500 readers who 
have asked me to tell them how to 
reduce, 228 mentioned what they 


wished to reduce, and the rest left that 
little detail vague. Out of the 228 
who explained that they wished to 
reduce excess weight, there were no 


to reduce—and, of course, these were 
all members of the--as one becomes 
more convinced every day—discon 
tented sex , 

Now, why in the name of all that 
is healthful and easy to envisage, as 
we highbrows say, is the discontented 
sex so determined to become skinny? 
Is it the trend of fashion? A recent 
tabulation of the nutritional state of 
young women in a large college 
showed that a majority of them were 
underweight. Is it ths hustle and 
bustle of the times? 

The bustle was discarded 40 years 
ego. Mutton sleeves went out along 
about 1897. And now it really begins 
to look as though busts are doomed, 
and the skinny sex in the future is 
going to be just straight lines and 
angles. This may be all very artistic 
in a ster or a fashion plate, but 
in real life it is painful to contem- 
plate. ’ 

A woman should weigh two pounds 
for every inch of stature, and about 
5 per cent besides, for health and 
beauty. A reasonable amount of fat 
gives a softness or soundness to the 
feminine form, which is still as essen- 
tial as ever for beauty; this fat also 
gives a woman’s complexion the clear- 
ness and attractiveness for which the 
well-nourished woman has always been 
envied by her thin sisters, and finally, 
it keeps her nice and warm, for a 
layer ef fat under the skin is a better 
insulator than any kind of clothing. 
It is the subcutaneous fat which 
women naturally have in more gener- 
ous quantity than men, that explains 
how women can go about with their 
chests exposed when men shiver even 


! PICTURES SHOW 
LIFE OF CHILDREN 
I OLD WORLD 


Scenes of child life in the old world 
from the shores of the North sea to 
the sands of Palestine were placed on 
display Tuesday in Steinway hall. 
Phillips & Crew store, by Miss Anna 
Milo Upjohn of the Junfor Red Cross, 
who drew the pictures while in Ku- 
rope since the war. 


These paintings and drawings by 
Miss Upjohn portray the children in 
Europe and Palestine in the most char- 
acteristic of their native occupations. 
They include 100 drawings of child 
life in eleven countries, France, Italy, 
Greece, Albania, Czecho-Slovakia, Ser- 
bia, Spain, Albania, Palestine, Bul- 
garia and Rumania, and will be on 
exhibit for the benefit of the Atlanta 
public until Saturday. . 


The purpose of the exhibit, accord- 
ing to Miss Upjohn, who arrived in 
Atlanta Tuesday, is to arouse interest 
and understanding among children all | 
over the world in each other and to 
show to older people the actual con- 
ditions existing among the peoples 
overseas, 

“The aim of my work,“ said Miss 
Upjohn, “is to promote the spirit of 
good will and brotherhood among the 
children of the earth. In the hearts 
of children there is neither east nor 
west, and to foster the natural bonds 
of sympathy between children every- 
where is my purpose“ 

Among Miss Upjohn’s drawings are 
pictures of Rumanian weddings, show- 
ing all their romance and color; paint- 
ings of Bulgarian children plying their 
distaffs with the Black sea in the dis- 
tance; drawings of French children 
spinning by their native firesides, and 
paintings of Spanish youngsters in the 
fishing villages of the Mediterranean. 
With equal realism the children of the 
other countries are shown. 

While m Atlanta Miss Upjohn plans 
to make drawings of southern child 
life in the country surrounding the 
city. 

Tomorrow afternoon Miss Upjohn 


| ow filled w.th ite 


0 


iil 


State Republican Leader 
Charges Continued Ef- 
forts to Obstruct and 
Harrass Him in Work. 


Charges that, since he became cbair- 


II man of the republican state central 
committee when it was reorganised in Set 


meres 23 he — deen handi- 
cap An arassed by small groups 
of r men ge have K the 
party's pro constructive wi 

were made by J. L. u. — . — 
of the committee, in one of most 


sensational letters in the history of 
Georgia's republican party, which he 
has directed to members of the com- 
mittee and other prominent republi- 
cans. 

The chairman also defended himself’ 
against the charges recently made that 
he is not a citizen of the state, and 
that he holds the position of chairman 
illegally. 


posed of a small rumber of would-be 
leaders, who are interested solely in 
control for selfish purposes, and who 
are in opposition to the organization,” 
he said. 7 

One group is called the Lincoln 
Johnson negro faction, he said, and 
it has a few white men as figure- 
heads. John Martin claims to be its 
head, he stated. “Mr. Goree was for- 
merly the head, and 1 believe he is 
now the legal chairman,” he declared. 
The faction is dominated by prom- 
inent negroes, and has but a small 
following, he said. 

“Lily White” Party. 

The other group, Mr. Phillips stated 
in the letter, is what is known as the 
“lily white” party. its members were 
left out in the cold following the 
split in the organization and formed 
the rival organization, he said. 

The leaders of the faction men- 
tioned first promptly took issue on the 
race question and preferred to sepa- 
rate tuemselves into a negro faction 
and demand recognition as negroes,” 
the letter reads, “and to demand tue 
appointment of negroes to office, and 
called on 10 negro members of our 
state committee to resign from, the 
committee, and called them traitors to 
their race for not resigning, and basing 
their republicanism purely on the 
ground of color and race, and demand- 
ing recognition or rejection in party 
affairs on basis of color, or, rather 
than on basis of; republicanism and 
fitness for office or leadership. 

“This faction is still in opposi- 
tion to the plan for reorganization, 
and claims to be holding together the 
old organization fuse the purpose of 
opposing the progress of the party 
and fighting our organization. 

‘It is my opinion that these are 
simply the leaders in this faction who 
are doing this for selfish purposes 
only, and that the great majority: of 
self-respecting colored men, who can 
and do vote the republican ticket, 
recognize the fact that the party in 
Georgia must be and always will be 
officered and led by white men, and 
that they will remain loyal republic- 
ans and continue to vote for the prin- 
ciples of the party, as they have in 
past. b 

‘If any man, white or black, does 
not believe in the principles of the 
republican party, it is his privilege 
and duty to vote for the principles 
of any other party that he may be- 
lieve: in. 95 

Never Accepted Results. | 

“The small group of selfish, patron- 
age and control-seeking white men, 
who had adopted the slogan, ‘Lily 
white men,’ were not put in control 
of the reorganization, and, therefore, 
never accepted the results of the con- 
vention, and have been in active re- 
bellion against the organization since 
that time.” 

After referring to the meeting of 
several committeemen held on De- 


“We have two groups, each com- 


“Norman C. Miller, 


* 
— 
* 
2 = 
2 
2 


i 


* F F 
+41 


i 


charge of the 
Shyine temple, Saturday, J 
temple will follow i 


temple has the contract for the 
tering and. stucco work on the new 
Wesley Memorial hospital at Emory 


Volstead Law Has 
Headquarters Here 


of the National Sanity 


quarters 


tion law, was announced Tuesday by 
F. S. Noland, state organizer for 


in room 615, Forsyth building. 
league is headed by Rev. Bak 
„ of California. 

Mr. Noland declared that his o i- 
‘gation is not seeking a return of the 
saloon and is in no way whatever 
affiliated with any liquor or brewi 
interest. He declared that the organi- 
zation already has 500,000 members 
and is growing rapidly. 

“The saloon is a menace that has 
gone forever,” Mr. Noland said, “but 
in its place we have the menace of 
corn liquor and wood alcohol sold by 
bootleggers. We believe that the 
— ay — * light sage will do 
mu 0 abolish the evi 
whisky. ; pie ge 

The work of organizing in the south 
has just started. Headquarters for 
the south have been established at 
New. Orleans. 


MANAGER OF STORE 
BEATEN BY NEGROES 


W. B. Wallace, of 114 Broyles | 
street, manager of the Rogers grocery 

at 109 Ashby street, who was beaten 
over the head by thugs early Tuesday 
when an attempt was made to hold up 


and rob the store, was reported as 
slowly recovering Tuesday night at 
Grady hospital from severe lacerations 
of the sealp. 

Wallace stated he had just opened | 
the store for the day when the robbers, 
both negroes, entered the place and or- 
dered some crackers. Not suspecting 
robbery as their motive, he turned his 
back for a moment, and when he re- 
covered consciousness he was in the 
hospital. The negroes’ fled’ without 
robbing the cash drawer, probably 
having been frightened away by 
thinking their victim dead. 


MRS. JOHNSON PASSES 
AT HOME OF DAUGHTER 


Mrs. Joséphine Johnson, widow of 
the late H. R. Johnson, of Americus, 


The 


at the home of her d-ughter, Mrs, | 


27 est Peach- 
tree street. Mrs. Johnson was 85 
years old, and was the daughter of 
the late Major William Black. of 
Americus. e funeral will take 
place in Americus. Mrs, Johnson is 
survived by three children, Henry R. 
Johnson, of Americus; Joseph HB. 
Johnson, of Lakeland, Fla., and Mrs. 
Norman C. Miller, of Atlanta, 


N * 
* A 
0 “ig ‘ 
ö 
Pre “oot ew). * 
r ö 5 5 
‘ mee . 2 
1 . N . hg * 
» te axe 
. D5 3 . 
* N 
* * we) 3 ‘ 
. 2 * 91 ele a 
* „ i +S 
- a? * fic 3 od 
. ‘ne 5 
4 8 ume 1 M 
N er ” 
* = - 
P * ao 


15 


league, an organization seeking aj}. 
modification of the Volstead prahibi- 


Georgia. The organization has . 
P. Mead, 


died suddenly Tuesday at 2 o' clock 


Would Sell Point Peter 
and Fort Pulaski, En- 

large Benning and Give 

Hancock Away. 

: 


| BY ASSOCIATED PRESS. 


_ [tivities are r | 
subcommittee Which n 


investigation into 
is} of War d 


must be 

e 
en on them by the se 
senate. ° ; 


e Sc 

. ‘The subcommittee, of which Repre- 
sentative McKenzie, ‘republican, "of 

is, was : approved in 


Tilinois, - 
their entirety 
war departm 


a 


Establishment in Atlanta of head- pu 


mp Benning, Ga., of the 
an Ja., 
Soon conducted there and 
ee on activities 


corps at Camp Hum 
schools conducted ae tee ts 
camps would be abando Sm 

The report alao recommended abol- 
ishment of three motor reps depo dots 
maintained by the arm with i u 
instructors at Camps Holabird, i Md. ; 
Jessup, Ga., and Normoyle, Texas. 
Every military post, the gu ttee 
held, should have shop facilities with 
sufficient mechanics among enlisted 
men to do repair work 

‘Abandonment. of re depots at 
Fort Reno; Okla., and Front Royal, 
Va., was recommended, .with the sug- 
gestion that all remohnt activities 
be centered at Forts Keogh, Moént., 
and Robinson, Neb, : 

Would Sell One. 8 
Two artillery ranges are not needed 
in the southeastern part of the United 
States, aoe theres ae rn, 
ing.,‘emphatically” that either Cam 
Bragg, N. C., which is a tract of 120, 
000 acres, or Camp Knox, Ky., wich 
is 30,000 acres in size, be sold. 

Stating that it indorsed .the war de- 
partment’s policy of abandoning na- 
tional army cantonments, the subcom- 
mittee said it might be well to rétain 
Camp Lewis, Wash. as an artillery 
range on account of its strategic posi- 
tion on the Pacific coast and beéduse 
the tract was given to the government 
by the people of Washington. 

The report that a large number of 
bases utilized during the war by the 
army fo rwarehouses should bé sold, 
but no specific: recommendations Were 
made on this subject. On a number 
of findings, the report stated, members 
of the subcommittee had disagreed and 
a number of the recommendations did 
not represent unanimous action. 

not Needed. 

Property in the south, which the 
war department said it no longer need- 
éd, and ‘which the subcommittee ree 
ommended should be sold, include® 

Florida: Anastasih Island, “Flag 
and Gasparilla islands, Forts Clinch, 
Marion and Matanzas; Perdida Bay, 
St. Andrew’s Sound and St. Fratgeis 
reservations, St. John’s bluff, St. dos- 
eph's Bay and two islands near St. 


Au r 1 
A 1 ee Point J and. Bort 
Louisiana: Battery Bienyue and 
pits Jackson Livington, .Macoma, 
ike and St. Phillip. 5 
Mississippi: Ship Island. 

North Carolina: Beacon 

and Fort Macon. e 
South Carélina: Fotts Fremont 


and Winyaw and Castle)Pinchney,. 
Virginia: Fort Athoods. 2. 


ngineering 
fa. The 
1 


8 
% 
ot “ee 


— 


* 


Island 


* ’ 


9 


. 
7 
¢ 


* 


90 


* 


a 


The Athens Daily News sizes them 
up in this fashion: 
Home: An interval 
movies. 
“Contentment: 
ence, 
“Conservative: 


with their shirts and collars and west- 
cuts and cravats and mufflers and, 
maybe, their chest protectors on. 

A woman with not more than 10 per 
cent excess weight is happier, better: 
natured, warmer, sweeter, stronger, 
handsomer and longer-lived person 


will explain her pictures and talk on 
European conditions before the At- 
ianta Federation of Women's clubs 
in Steinway hall. 


cember 16, called by Treasurer Adam- 
son, the letter continues: 

J can see no ill results to our or- 
ganization from Adamson and Hast- 
ings and Grier ard Edwards, and 
their little group moving into the 
Lincoln Johnson-Ben Davis-Jenkins 


SOLICITORS’ PERMIT 
ORDINANCE UPHELD 


The recent. ordinance of the city 
of Atlanta requiring all persons so- 


is inevitably destined to recon- 
struct and rejuvenate agriculture in 
the south; and it is a system to 
which no state of the union is bet- 
ter adapted than is Georgia. 


The subcommittee also approved the . 
war department’s recommendation 
that Camp Hancock, Ga,, be turned 
over to the public health service and 
that the reservatlon Proctor's Land- 
ing, La., be placed at the disposal of * 

ee 


‘versally conceded; but of even 
greater and more imperative need 
is a revision of the department's 
administrative system. 

The Constitution has repeatedly 


between 


indiffer- 


Chronic 


Triple Installation 


One who roosts in 


stated that the most competent 
chief of police that ever served a 
city could not possibly obtain re- 
Sults under the existing system, by 
which nobody can be held to strict 
‘accountability. Developments every 
day justify that contention. 

The next step In the direction of 
more efficient service should be to 
clothe the chief with full authority 
over the men under him, with the 
right to appoint and to discharge, 
‘but reserving for the people the 
inalienable right to say that if any 


When we stop to consider that 
one firm in Atlanta imports from 
outside of Georgia an average of 
$700,000 worth of butter every year 
—every pound of which, and many 
times more, should be produced 
right here in this state—the need 
for agricultural information along 
the lines suggested by this Rome 
dairy establishment becomes ap- 
parent. 

In it lies the rural, commercial 
and industrial salvation of Geor- 
gia! 

the boll 


a feathered nest, 
“Disarmament, like the Kingdom of 
Heaven, is within you.” 


s+ „ & ® 


Join In. 
New Year prosperity 
Comes with a song; 
Savs: “Join the chorus, 

But don’t sing too long. 
There are rivers to cross, 

And the tide’s running strong!” 

* * * * * 
Leadin’ Question. 

(From The Oglethorpe Echo.) 
Scientists say they are confident we 
will soon be on talking terms with 
Mars. If that comes soon and a south- 
erner does the talking, betcher the 


than the woman who is underweight. 
No woman who is not more than 10 
cent overweight should ever permit 
erself to be beguiled into any kind of 
reduetion regimen. No man who is 
not more than 10 per cent overweight 
has ever been known to admit he would 
like to reduce. But the once fair- 
enough sex is in danger of succumbing 
to the insane furor to be slender, and 
something should be done to call the 
flighty ones back to their senses. For 
a time it looked bad for the crowning 
glory, but the bobbed-hair craze has 
about burnt itself out now and, well, 
I don’t know whether it is hoped by 
anybody else, but I do hope this sud- 
den predilection for attenuation will, 
stop while there is still something left 
for a woman to hang her clothes on. 


Of Officers Staged 
By Woodmen Orders 


A ceremony seldom witnessed, took 
lace in the Masonic hall in East 
oint, last Friday evening, when the 
officers of the Bast Point camp, No. 
702, Woodmen of the World, and the 
officers of the Mary E. LaRocca 
grove, No. 264, and of the American 
grove, No. 217, Woodmen circles, were 
installed by the sovereign deputy, C. 
H. Nelson, and the. state manager, 

Mrs. C. B. Cherry, both of Atlanta. 
This arrangement was perfected by 
the guardian of the Mary E. LaRocca 
Mrs. C. R. Adams, of East 


colored camp, where they’ are appar- 
ently actively at work, and I have 
before me the original of a letter from 
Adamson addressed to u colored man 
in which he agrees, as a member o 
our organization, to use his influence 
to have this colored man appointed 
postmaster, in return for certain serv- 
ice. 

“This small group persists in giv- 
ing publicity to the fact that they are 
not office seekers and desire no patron- 
age, but it is well known to you, and 
is of record in Washington, that Ad- 
amson agreed he would accept the po- 
sition of internal revenue collector, and 
it is well known to you his intense 
desire to be national committeeman, 
and that his followers have used this 
to spur him on in his efforts for con- 


liciting funds on the streets to obtain 
permits from council was upheld by 
the Georgia. supreme court in a de- 
cision handed down Tuesday in the 
case of the Volunteers of America, 
an organization which sought an in- 
junction restraining the city from en- 
forcing the ordinance. 

hen the case was taken before 
Judge @eorge Bell, of the Fulton su- 
perior court, the petition of the Vol- 
unteers for an injunction was denied. 
The case was appealed to the supreme 
court and the higher court upheld 
Judge Bell’s decision. 


TOWNSEND SERVICES 
ARE HELD TUESDAY 


the interior department. 


CAMP JESSUP WILL 
NOT BE ABANDONED. 

That abolishment of the mot 
pairs depot at Camp Jessup wi 
mean abandonment of Camp J 
was explained by Colonel 
Kendrick, commander of the 
when informed by The Constit 
the house committee’s action“ 

Colonel Kendrick «stated 1 
ernment equipment which 
stored in the Candler waren 
now being moved into Camp 
with the view to making 
headquarters of the fourth 
for quartermaster’s suppli 

This means that Jessup 
of the biggest warehousing Amps for 
army goods in the country, Colonel 


Funeral services for Deber Town- 
send, chief bookkeeper of the Atlanta 
Clearing House, who died Sunday, 
were held Tuesday morning at the 
chapel of Awtry & Lowndes. The body 
was taken to Conyers, for burial. 
He is survived by his wife; two sons, 
John Deber and Richard Henry Town- 
send; his father and mother, Mr. and 

. P. H. Townsend; six brothers, K* owe a 
— * * 1 4. bes bce 15 Eber a 8 3 
and F. W. Townsend, and five sis- | HARBORD. AND (WRIGHT 
ters, Mrs P. H. Hayes, of Mansfield; ARRIVE AT BE} 7 R 
Mrs. W. M. Smith, of Savannah; Mrs. Columbus * 4 10 (Spe 
P. G. Almand, of Conyers : Mrs. G. i nes, See J i 


. ames G. Har- 
— 3 Fog ase — Mrs. W. bord, deputy chief of staff of the 


United States army, and Assistant 
LOWER TEMPERATURE Secretary of War J. M. Wainwright 
TODAY is FORECAST 


arrived in Columbus tonight for the 
purpose of inspecting Camp Benning. 

Fair and colder is the weather fore- 
cast for today made Tuesday by C. 


The recommendation today of a con- 
F. von Herrmann, head of the lo- 


gressional subcommittee that three » 
more units be transferred to Benning 

cal branch of the United States: 

weather bureau. A storm, which ap- 


makes the visit of the officials of 
é ial significance. | 
General Harbord and Secretary 
Wainwright will witness a mifitary 

‘pears to have arisen in Louisiana, 

moving northeastward over the Ohio 

valley, was the cause of the rains 

of the last two days, he said. 


demonstration similar to the- one re- 

cently witnessed at Benning Presi- 

dent Harding. They will exten- 

sively entertained, both at/ Benning 

There is no severe winter weather | and Columbus, during their stay, 
in any part of the United States, 
and only in the region of the Great 
Lakes and the extreme northwest is 
—— — below freezing, he 


It is the answer to 
weevil! 


Interspersed with the ceremony was 
the rendering of several musical se- 
lections by the Misses Foster and Mc- 
Aftee, on the violin and piano. The 
marches for the céremonies were play- 
ed by Mrs. Emma Brooks, clerk of 
Maple grove, No. 86, and Miss Myrtle 
Stephenson, member of the East Point 
degree team of the grove No. . 
Woodmen circles. } 
The recitations were by Misses 
Louise McWilliams and Lillie Ruth 
Hemperly. 
ie cas 


trol; and it is also well known to 
you, and the records of the depart 
ments in Washington are full of it, 
Hastings’ intense desire to control the 
appointment of the postmaster at At- 
lanta, and practically all other post- 
offices in Georgia, in spite of the fact 
that great criticism would be brought 
and has been: expressed against any 
party organization that would permit 
the largest mail order seed business 
in Georgia, and largest mail order 
patron of the Atlanta postoffice, ship- 
ping and distributing by parcel post, 
tremendous quantities of seed through 
1 2 every postoffice in Georgia, 
to dictate and control the appointment 
of these postmasters. nt 

Charges Groundless. 

“To further these selfish ends, every 
kind of charge, without foundation, 
and all sorts of obstructive tactics 
have been and will be used, regard- 
less of what it means to the party, 
and it is not necessary to reply to 
these things now, except I desire to 
bring to your attention and only for 
your information two of their charges. 

“The first is that I am not a native 
Georgian and do not live in or pay 
taxes in the state, and that, I have 
been a democrat, and while this is 
personal to me, yet some mem of 
— organization may not know the 
acts. 

“The second is that the action of the 
Atlanta, convention was illegal and 
that the old machinery, which was 
recognized by the Chi convention 
was legal, and would later be so recog- 
nized, and that the Atlanta convention 
could not have been presided over by 
a nonresident of the state.” , 

In replying to the e Mr. 
Phillips stated that -he has been in 
the lumber business in south Georgia 
since 1806, and that in 1904 he built 
a sawmill at Thomasville. He says 
he has lived and voted there since that 

and that his tax-paying is of 
the local, state 


chief cannot produce resuits under 
such conditions, he must step aside 
and make way for a man who can, 
and who will! 

That is the only way by which 
to obtain an efficient police de- 
partment. 

The present system is an injus- 
tice to the men working under it, 
to the chief, and to the city. 

On the police force of Atlanta 
are many fine and capable men. 
The vast majority of them are of 
that type. They are handicapped 
by the obstacles and limitations of 
an utterly inefficient system of ad- 
ministration. 
‘They are hog-tied by politics and 
a impeded ty a system which Is 
proven to have shielded ineffi- 
cleney, condoned corruption and 
made it impossible to get the best 
results from men who are perfectly 
honest, clean, conscientious, and 
competent to render good service 
‘if given an opportunity to do so. 
It is manifestly not fair that such 
‘men should labor under the shadow 
ok ta system that invites suspicion 
and encourages inefficiency. 
ee They should be put on their met- 
‘tle by being given an opportunity 
to show what they can do; and the 
: ‘whole department should be given 
an opportunity to stand on its mer- 
its by removing it from politics and 
trom board interference. 
\ © ‘That in substance is the demand 
| ‘sounded by the people of Atlanta 
wen, by an overwhelming majority 
in the last councilmanic election, 
sey Voted: in accordance with the 
recommendations of four grand ju- 
ndiles and of council's committee. 
the work of that campaign has 
“taken form in this step to add fifty 
more u to the department, and 


ite — h : 
2 ; N 
33 * 
Z ne . 1 a * 
* 6 1 1188 * x » . 4 * 
. = 3 ’ 8 
' 4 . 3a ö i j wae 
ns 7 * — Po * 
Or ain 88 3 ‘ 
Phd 


Kendrick was of the opinion that the 
transfer of. equipment from Candler 
warehouse to Jessup would require 
several weeks. | ki 

At present Colone Kendrigk has 3 
force of about 370 troops under his 
command in the motor repaitg depot. 
They are in charge of repa army 
motors for the entire fourt corps 
area. tae „ 


first thing he will say will be, Any 
boll weevils over there?“ 


* 


Citizen Protests Against 
F. raser School Proposal 


The Houston Post says that “if 
government can prohibit folks from 
drinking some beverages, why not 
a law compelling folks to drink 
potlicker three times a week?” It 
is The Post’s opinion that it “would 
flood the world with joy!” 


FROM THE HEART 


I. 


Editor Constitution: As a citizen 
of the third ward, and a taxpayer, 
and a resident of the community in 
close touch with the Fraser Street 
school, I wish to enter my protest 
and that of many of my white neigh- 
bors against turning over the Fraser 
street school to be used as a negro 
school. We have protested time and 
again against this, but we seem to 
be making little progress with the 
board of education, which assumes 
to be the final arbiter in the loca- 
tion of schools. 

We have no objection to negro 
schools. On the other hand, we con- 
cede the right of negroes to be pro- 
|} vided with adequate school facili- 

ties, but we do insist that in locat- 
ing such schools they should not be 
allowed in white communities. 

We ineist that it is the duty of 
the. board of education to provide 
another location for the negro school 
which it is proposed to place in the 
Fraser school building when it Is 
abandoned as a white school. 

There are plenty of other places 
in the city of Atlanta for the loca- 
tion of another negro school, and it 
would be wrong to convert the 
Fraser Street school to negro school 
use. 

This is a white community with 
comparatively few negroes in the vi- 
cinity of this school bullding. If 
this building is converted to negro 
school use it will very seriously im- 

air the value of 1 pro 5 in 
hat neighborhood. It could very 
much more advantageously be placed 
elsewhere, where it would serve more 
negroes than the Fraser Street 
schodi location, and where it would. 
not impair the value of surrounding 
property. : 

We feel that we have gone our 
limit in protesting, as we are mak- 
ing no headway with the board of 
education. . 

Asa citiken and a property own- 
er, I wish to make public protest 
with the hope that those who sympa- 


She sang, in faith and hope, 
Straight from the heart; 

Of skies and birds and flowers 
She seemed a counterpart. 


IT. 


And all of Nature's boons 
Effaced her grief and fears, 

Till Love and Faith and Truth 
Encrowning her peaceful years. 


III. 


Know, that when skies loom grey 
And fearsome shadows start, 
awns, if ye still sing 
Straight from the heart! 
—AUGUSTA WALL. 


cers of East Point camp. 
No. Woodmen of the World, 
were: C. H. Thompson, consul com- 
mander; G. C. Miller, adviser lieuten- 
ant; E. W. Petty, banker; C. D. 
Owens, clerk; J. D. Carnes, escort; 
J. A. Jackson, watchman; J. 
Dickey, sentry ; managers, J. D. Moore 
and C. F. Burch, and physician, C. R. 
Adams. | 

The officers for the Mary E. La- 
Rocea grove, No. 264, W. C., were: 
Mrs. C. R. Adams, guardian; Mrs. J. 
R. Miller, adviser; Mrs. A. 7 
chaplain; C. D. Owens, clerk; Miss 
Lillian Wells, banker; Mrs. W. H. 
Byars, attendant; Mrs. Ocala Pyron, 
assistant attendant; Mrs. E. 8. Me- 
Lemore, inner sentinel; H. F. Harri- 
son, outer sentinel; J. F. Miller, man- 
ager; Dr. C. R. Adams, examining 
physician. 

Officers for American grove, No. 
217, Woodfnen circle, were: Mrs. 
Clara B. Cherry, guardian; Mrs. 
Leona Grimm, past guardian; Mrs. 
Ossie Moon, adviser; John C. Quinn, 
elerk; J. O. Campbell, banker; Mrs. 
E. R. Miller, attendant: Mrs. A. M. 
Setzler, assistant attendant: Mrs. 8 
F. Hause, chaplain; Mrs. Fannie A. 
Smith, inner sentinel; Mrs. Leila E. 
amy outer sentinel; managers, 

rs. 


The weather prophets who pre- 8 
dicted a “hard winter,” may still 
hope to make good, but we doubt 
if they could give a dependable 
“tip” on a horse race. 


The new silver dollar comes 
with the bright face of a friend in 
need, but nobody’s going back on 
an old friend like Raggedy Dollar 
Bill. 


if 


Already the New Year is working 
miracles. A retiring New York 
millionaire gave his business to his 
"a ets 


Go the Limit 
On Your Guarantee 


For Grand Opera 


Editor Constitution: I have today 
recelv copy of letter from Mr. 
Fred Houser, secretary Atlanta Con- 
vention bureau. 

One clause in this letter reference 
to grand opera meets my hearty ap- 
proval, and 80 timely that I con- 
sider it quite worth while to publish. 

This clause is as follows: | 

„he only way for us to get new 
business is to bring new people. Par- 
ticularly, do I want to your | 
co-operation at this time with the 
officers of the nd opera, which 
will be held in lanta the week of 
April 24. There is no event in At- 
lanta.that is held within the year 
that has as many phases of real val- 
ue to its citizens than the great fes- 
tival week, so, when you are called 
upon to underwrite this guarantee, 
go the very limit. You ll remem-- 


ber that no one has ever yet been: Holloway, Fulton coun — trate, 
called upon to pay th tee.” | thize with tke tion as above tive; Walter A. Sims — Hutch- 
Guarantors are ad announced will join in a moyement | inson, each of whom will deliver short 
im ojto. put an e to this threatened | addresses. 

. jinjury to eur coſumunity. 3 

which was It there is no other recourse we. 
President Atlanta should, and must. go to the courts. | 


We ite. 


which ends at 3:30 o'clock 2 
afternoon when they leave for New 
Orleans. 


LABOR ASSOCIATION _ 
DECLARES DIVIDEND 


Stockholders of the Atlanta Labor 
Temple association have declared a 
* 220 r cent on a capital 
stock of $30,000, it was announced 
Tuesday. James A. Miller was elect- 
ed president of the association at the 
meeting of stockholders. George F. 
Haney was elected vicé president; 
William Van Houten, secretary and 
treasurer, and the fo 

as directors: 
Ay 
en, W. C. Caraway, C. ram 
D. Green, Cari Karston E. L. 
Quinn and T. J. Black. 


San Man, Del Sur, Nicarauga. Jan- 
uary 10-—The voleano Ometepe, on 


the Island of eight 2 


A. B. C. TAXICABS | 
NEW ATLANTA SERVICE 


A. B. C.. taxicabs will make. their 
regular appearance today, featuring 
a new service for the public. An- 
FF 

u yt e 
Cab company. The company will 
put out a number of ne cars, well 
equipped, with expert drivers, and will 
be ready to serve the public day or 
—— Main office is at the Ter- 

nal station, with telephones, Main 
4000 or 6 


PEPPER TAKES OATH 
AS SENATOR OF U. S. 


— — 
Washington, Jan 
Wharton Pepper took 
to] fice today as a Unit 


1 


Probably it’s because De Valera 
likes the limelight too well to leave 
it, without a kick. 


7 oe 
— 5 * 
; 


. 2 oe 
igs 
ses 


Not all the resolutions will be 
broken. Some will be kept as sou- 
venirs of a notable occasion. 


1 Jessie C. Rauknight, Mrs. Nora 
Lanier and Miss Ruby Sexton. 


KIRKWOOD LODGE 
PLANS OPEN MEET 
ae = 7 2 NN the Kirkwood 


„ A. M., will 
be held at the : Masonic build- 
Wednesday evening 
o clock. . 


If Germany is “stronger,” as 
claimed, it’s funny how she weak 
ens on pay days. ’ 


* 
* 


New Tork salutation—“ Morn- 
ing! Had your wood alcohol this 
morning?” . 


at 
Among the guests will be M. M. 


10.—George 
oath o 1 


54 7 
FM 


The world’s growing better and 
its moonshine worse. 


* 1 
i 

: 3 

> eh 


thong 0 
2 r ‘ a + 
vant: 


The hold-up man’s motto a 


3 


4 ~ * : , 

. . 0 . * * + . 5 

8 L . 3 IRATE ae | e ie | OR 8 

: * 5 . — 7 5 
3 * 2 32 — na fas a %n et 4 
* : . 
me 


¥ 
on * 


. 


L. 
5 Music Festival 
a 4 ; g 


9 
* 


Sah Sets * N 12 n A r 2 

8 cet n F AS A gp Bea cides ae, ope oo re e . 
8 a ae Tees Oe CTC 

oy P “ez eee n a hi rr, r r 1 * 
>, * 7 . . . 5 

N 6 ; a . N 5 

* 1 . 5 
> * 


ae 


Re Eee 


2 A EK PIR FF RAY GQ 
3 r Penne n 
„ g 
ö ere — 4 a 2 a 3 4 
5 . N 5 5 
N * ial . x 2 
. 5 


— 1 


171 


r 


ane 


1 


* 


0 — e, ae hae 
r 
7 60 | 
DIU 

7 . 


— a ’ . * 5 > ; + . * 
3 OS a Y * Ce ie * 
— s — "Se 5 2 ; - 8 


N ker hist tee 
* 82 1 


Ss) 
LU | 


Ib U. OF AMERICA 


va | 1 
1 ee Bes 2 a 2 * 72 . R as ö 
wonderful. My stomach and 


ar N 
1 4 
N e 
. 7 1 n 
n i e 
* W W sae hehe tn ort PS owes 


MM 
“7 > 
* N 
* ö 
. 2 
4 : i 
a N N 
r — * . * « 
2 A. 4 
A 


25 


oo» 
‘ ; 
* 


Fr 


* 


New Discov 


ess tion 
that removes the catarrhal mucus from 


_ the intestinal tract and allays the in- 


flammation which causes practically 
all stomach, liver and intestinal ail- 
ments, including appendicitis. One dose 
will convince or money refunded. 
Jacobs’ Pharmacy and druggists every- 
where.—(adv.) 


BODY NEAR ROCKS' 


Hollomon Declares Storm 
Is Brewing Over Action 
of Body on American 
Valuation. 


BY JAMES A. HOLLOMON, | 
Constitution Bureau, 
Raleigh Hotel. 
Washington, January 10.—(By 
Constitution Leased .Wire.)—That 
there is decided: policy friction brew- 
ing in the ranks of the Southern Tar- | 
iff association, first generally sur- 
mised when the Interstate Cotton Seed 
Crushers’ association went on record 
for free trade in vegetable oils at 
a meeting in New Orleans last week, 
was fully established today when the 
delegates attending a general meet- 
ing of this tariff organization here 
went on record in favor of the Amer- 
ican valuation plan for levying im- 
port duties and this over the vigorous 
protests of a large number of com- 
mercial bodies throughout the south, 
including the Chamber of Commerce 
in Atlanta. 
The Southern Tariff 
was originally organized b 


association 
peculiarly 


interested parties from all the south- 


4 ern states, but principally from Tex- 


111100 
H iti 


——— 


Aaluumnadummeuman 


if it isnt : 
MASTINS 
it isn't the 
Genuine 


YEAST 


VITAMON 


ISLE TAXICAB 


CALL BELLE 


“Only One 
Breaks My 


"THE relief that Dr. King’s New 
Discovery gives from stubborn old 
colds, and onrushing new ones, grippe 
and throat-torturing coughs has made 
it the standard remedy it is today. 
Time-tried for fifty years and never 


more popular than today. No harmful 


drugs. . 

You will soor notice the relief in 
loosened phlegm and eased cough. 
_ Always reliable, and good for. the 
whole family. Has a convincing, heal- 
ing taste with all its good medicinal 
qualities. At all druggists, 60 cents. 


ry 


: for Colds and Coughs 
2 The Results of Constipation are 


ra 


” 


sick headaches, biliousness, sallow 
skin, waste matter in the intestinal 
system. Correct this health-under- 
mining dondition 7 taking Dr. King's 
Pills. 25 cents. All druggists. . 
PROMPT! WON'T GRIPE 


2 Kings Pills 


eipzis gair 
(Leipziger Messe) 


A market for Buyers and 
Sellers of all branches of 
Trade and Industry. 


Best opportunity to es- 

tablish advantageous 

business econnectiong all 
ever the world, 


Exhibition of Industria} 
Products from al parts 
of Central Europe in one 
brilliant Sample Display. 
Write to our official for- 
warding agent and rep- 
resentative, the Atlantic 
Forwarding Co., 45 Pearl 
St. New York, for the 
illustrated Official Direc- 
tory and any further in- 
fermation you may de- 


: 
| 


Cold” | 


as, John H. Kirby, of Houston, be- 
coming its charter president. 
Following a vigorous non-partisan 
campaign its membership was made 
to include banks, dealers, manufac- 
turers and business men generally, 
with a scattering of farm crop and 
fruit producers, who felt conscien- 
tiously that if a republican high pro- 
tective tariff must be one of the 
paramount outcomes of the Harding 
administration that certain southern 
products should also be on the duty 
list. Many rock-ribbed democrats 
joined the association accordingly. 
Republican Ideas. 
It soon became evident, however, 
that the association was tracking the 
old line republican party principals 
so closely that it began to look like 
a southern adjunct to the old Grant 


|| party machine that is running things 


now on Capital hill. Many democrats 
saw the handwriting and became non- 
active or lukewarm. 

To accentuate the program, wheth-. 
er wittingly or unwittingly adopted, 
of abetting the republican party, the 
association delegates today left the 
beaten path of agitating the placing 
of southern products on the duty list 
and took up, and by their votes 
strengthened, the Harding party ma- 
chine in its pet scheme to establish 
a price-fixing board in New Y¥ork, 
and destroy smaller and inland ports. 

Pleasing to G. O. P. 


This action aceredited to the south 
was what the G. O. P. leaders have 
been looking and planning for, as 
protests from farmers, laborers and 
the people generally have so flooded 
the offices of congressmen that the 
republican party leaders really ap- 
proached in fear and trembling a con- 
summation of this price-fixing scheme 
of those Antfevican manufacturing in- 
terests most deeply concerned in com- 
petitive imports from Europe. 

The action today, voted on by less 
than a hundred men, and exploited as 
representing the whole south, is in 
direct antagonism to the position of 
the United States Chamber of Com- 
merce, and to the views of practi- 
eally every retail merchant in the 
south dealing in line with import com- 
petition. 

The association, therefore, is ap- 
parently drifting perilously near the 
rocks. 


ASHBURN SWINE 
SHOW AND SALE 
WILL OPEN TODAY 


Ashburn, Ga.. January 10.—(Spe- 
cial.)—With a large attendance and 
one of the best displays of swine ex- 
hibited here in many years. the Ash- 
burn swine show and sale will open 
formally Wednesday afternoon, the 
feature of the first session being an 
address delivered in the evening by Dr. 
Andrew M. Soule, president of the 
State Agricultural college. 

Dr. Soule’s address will be on the 
importance of the live stock industry 
to Georgia and its relation to diversi- 
fied farming. He will outline his 
farming program for the state and 
urge the farmers to follow tried meth- 
ods in raising live stock. 

The big show and sale will be held 
in conjunction with the meeting of 
the Georgia Swine Growers’ associa- 
tion in session here, and the first uue- 
tion will be held Wednesday afternoon, 
Colonel W. D. Scott, of ison, con- 
ducting the affair, with the assistance 
of L. W. Traer, of The Farmer end 
Stoekman. f 

J. Oscar Mills, president of the 
Southeastern Fair association, and R. 
Striplin, secretary, will be in attend- 
ance. H. B. Ralls, Jr., president of 
the swine growers, stated tonight that 
only the best grade and bred 
be selected for the sales. 


RAILROAD IS BOUGHT 
FOR MILLION AND HALF 


Nashville, Tenn., January 10.—C. 
M. Hovey, assistant manager of the 
Nashville Industrial corporation, to- 
day purchased the Tennessee Central 
railroad at the upset price of a mil- 
lion and a half dollars. 


Attractive Monthly Pay ment Plans 
for Purchasing Diamonds 


People known by us to be good moral credit risks, or 
who give satisfactory references, may purchase à dia- 
mond here on convenient monthly payments. 


One-fifth cash is required. After deducting the -cash 


Selections shipped prepaid oh approval. 
Write for booklet, “Facts About Diamonds,” and twen- 


ty-seventh annual catalogue. 


& BERKELE, Inc. 


Diamond Merchants 


MAIER 


Street 


6233 ; * 
91889 
ene 


31 Whitehall 


* us * 2 2 * ae 
—̃ä— Oa Bes, 
copes — n 
ia . . we” FF 3 
st 5 * = 2 f 

aha 8 3 n 
a 8 . . 
5 5 tage St Aes 5 


n 


n 


4 N * 7 
3 9 * PY ar 


4 a ate 

1 — bags N, 

S . Se a a LF Ke 

aes we ee OE st 1 1 S . 
* 7 N * 5 r = 
“gh” FTF ae D Sgaeeee eb Ne Bh se ys 

8 r 5 77 ¢ 8 
eal 7 — n> de 


2 1 


gs will! 


Fails To Begin 


Colored Folk Pay in Advance 
for De Luxe Voyage of 


BY JAMES A. HOLLOMON. : 
Constitution Bureau, 
Raleigh Hotel. 
Washington, January 10.— (By Con- 
stitution Leased Wire.) — According to 
stories told today to officials of the 


7 


A subseri ~totalling $10,000 
to the esta ent of the Univer- 
sity of America here, formerly Lanier 
university, was announced Tuesday 


department of justice, scores from 


the south are in New York, trying 
to locate heads and tails of a “tourist 
agency,” from which they are aleged 
to have recently bought de luxe cabin 
passage to and from the Dark Con- 
tinent. They claim to have paid $495 
each for voyage, including all upkeep 
expenses, the ideal winter eruise“ to 
the haunts’ of the forefathers being 
restricted to negro professionals, edu- 
cators and bankers, the personnel 
thereby having been assured from the 
loftiest castes of colored society.“ 
While the prospective tourists, com- 
ing mostly from the larger cities of 
the south, notably Atlanta, Birming- 
ham, Memphis and Dallas, are eireu- 
lating around New York. and Wash- 
ington in quest of “information,” it 
is alleged that the money paid for the 
trips is “circulating” among a bishop, 
a few doctors of divinity, some so- 
cial” workers apd a banker, all of 
African descent. 


Three Leaders. 


The three most active in the quest 
of the vanished $495 are college grad- 
uates and men of prominence in their 
native towns of Indianapolis and Dal- 
las. They were first interested in the 
trip by a prospectus sent out last 
spring, the opening words of which 
announced that if Africa is to be 
saved it must be through the efforts 
of the American negro, schooled in 
western arts, sciences and religion. 

“Who knows but what the mem- 
bers of this winter cruise party may 
not turn out to be God's vanguard 
for the awakening of the dark con- 
tinent and the righting of all the 
wrongs of our brothers in the home- 
land?” the prospectus went on. 

The imaginations of the trio were 
fired and they promptly sent the re- 
quired passage money. Their chief 
worry was lest they be refused ad- 
mission to the party, for the circular 
definitely stated that membership 
would be limited to 125 preachers, 
70 doctors, lawyers and ‘teachers, 35 
professional men, 40 farmers, 25 busi- 
ness men and five explorers and 
minerologists. 

Money Was Taken. 


To their great joy their money 
was taken, however, and they were 
informed that the philanthropic expe- 
dition would sail December 3 on a 
palatial steamer chartered for the 
journey. De luxe cabins, swimming 
pools, spacious. promenades, French 
cuisine—all the comforts of ern 
ocean travel—were promised and they 
were told what equipment would be 
needed for a great tour which would 
involve camel trips into the desert, 
receptions at every port, motor rides 
and river trips, beside a careful sei- 
entific investigation of the condition 
of the natives under French, British, 
Portuguese and republican govern- 
ment. 

This last, of course, was to be the 
most important feature of the cruise. 
Lecturers were to give a preliminary 
survey of the matter on the ocean 
voyage over, and every facility for 
study was to be offered by the gov- 
ernments of the various colonies of 
which ealls were tu be made. 

Sailing Delayed. 

Late in November a notice was 
sent out that the date of sailing had 
been put off a week, so the excur- 
sionists did not arrive in New York 
until December 10. They were met 
with the announcement that telegrams 
explaining the need of a further delay 
already had been sent to their home 


received many rassurances, but little 
effective action, they allege. 

At any rate the ship has not yet 
sailed. The home office of the “tour- 
ist agency” is said to be in Phila- 
delphia and department of justice of- 
ficials advised the complainants to 
file their complaints in that city. 


CENTRAL OF GEORGIA 


~~ OFFICERS IN SESSION 


Macon, Ga., January 10.—(Special.) 
With G. L. Candler, assistant general 
manager, presiding, in the absence of 
L. A. Downs, vice president and gen- 
eral manager of the Company, more 
than 200 officials of the Central of 
Georgia railway met here today in the 
first session of their annual two-day 
convention. Soliciting of business and 
handling of traffic were the two topics 
of the morning session, and fuels and 
other materials used by the road and 
prevention of personal injuries were 
discussed at the. afternoon session. 
These questions are the most impor- 
tant to be brought up at. the meeting, 
and will be discussed again tomorrow 
by officials and various agents of the 
road. 

Among the speakers at today’s meet- 
ing were H. D. Pollard, general super- 
intendent ; Colonel A. R. Lawton, Gen- 
eral W. A. Harris and R. J. Jordan. 
of the legal department; W. N. Knapp, 
general freight agent; J. T. Jackson, 
agricultural agent: J. M. Mallory, of 
the industrial department, and J. D. 
McCartney, assistant to the president. 

Telegrams expressing regret at not 
being able to attend were received 
from W. A. Wiburn, president; L. A. 
Downs, vice president, and C. T. 
Airey, vice president and traffic man- 
a 


. 
lod 


C. A. HILL IS DEAD 


Was Prominent in Political 
9 Cireles. 


‘the death of C. A. Hill, aged 68 years, 
1 ng Hancock county farmer, 
Sunday afternoon, at his home about 
nine miles east of Sparta. His death 
+ was caused by organic heart disease 
superinduced by acute rheumatism. 

r. Hill had been prominent in 
| He directed the campaign of Governor 
Hagh M. Dorsey in Hancock county 
in his first race for governor, and it 


} was largely through his efforts that 


the county swung into the Darsey col- 


um 

The deceased is survived by two 
daughters, Mrs. H. I. Collins, of Bir- 
mington, Ala., and Mrs. F. H. Jack- 
son, of this county; and three sons, 
C. R. Hill, J. G. Hill and S. J. Hill, 
all of whom reside in this county. 
The burial took place Monday after- 
noon. 


Skin Troubles 


addresses, and since then they have 


Sparta, Ga., January 10.—(Spe- | 
eial.)—News reached Sparta today of 


county politics for a number of years. 


klan. in which he defended the organ- 
ization and himself against attacks. 

The Constitution Tuesday received 
the following letter with reference to 
the coming parade of Ku Klux from 
Benjamin M. Blackburn. 


Thursday Night’s Parade. 
Editor Constitution: I observe that the Kn 
Klux have announced another parade and the 
malcontents are thereby unhappy. 
In view of the great crime wave that ts 
now terrorizing Atlanta, it is my opinion 
that the parade ſi most timely. That it 
will prove a deterrent by suegestively im- 
| pressing those that are criminally inclined, I 
hare every hope. For the Ku Klux believe 
in law and order; they are against those that 
violate the law and breed disorder. 
That it will be a notable parade ag to 


the time has come when the peonle at 0. 
who know the Klan and its officers, 

make a public demonstration of confidence 
in the institution and its officers. 

IT am not a mmber of the Ku Kinx Klan. 
If I were so connected I would not deny the 
membership. I think it a good order: a 


is timely. For the Ku Klux have been - 

traved and held up to public disfavor 

traiters within and enemies without. nd 
ould 


numbers in line, I haven't a doubt. and this 


splendid order: a necessary order: Important 


Ale 


_ has the right 
to discredit any woman. I am glad that 1 
belong to a school of estimate that demands 
of every cavalier that protection of woman 
which shields her from criticism and pro- 
tects her from scorn. I do not believe in 
the low metbods that hare been resorted to 
by the enemies of the Klux Klan, as 
these apply to this phase the controversy, 
and I do not believe the aspersions that have 
been made by these assailants. ‘ 

There are not enough horses in Georgia to 
accommodate the loyal members of the klan, 
in my opinion. 

BENJI. M. BLACKBURN. 


WOMEN VOTERS ELECT - 
TICKET AT GIBSON 


Gibson, Ga., January 10.—(Spe- 
cial.) — Women of Gibson, at the city 
polls today, succeeded in electing the 
ticket they supported. It follows: For 
mayor, W. Tom Kitchens, and for 
councilmen, A. H. Hooks, R. T. Allen, 
E. P. Kent and J. M. Swint. This is 
the first election in which the women 
have participated. The election was 
hotly contested. 

Mayor Kitchens announced that his 
hat is off to the ladies, and “I shall 
stand squarely for law enforcement 


and progress, with lower taxes, if pos- 
sible.” 0 


~ 6 . = — “ 8 8 
eet cae 4 Se SES 
4 - a N 1 * 1 * 5 
L : + W * eee * is * 
1 « . 5 ; N 5 3 . Stes 
* — . K — * 2 > 5 : . 

5 2 4 mn N 8 
; . See | 
‘ P — 

. : Ss — 

0 4 29 
1 . * 18 
7 * : 8 * > ¥ * og 0 
a 1 7 “a al 2 
were : ; „ 
— * — ‘ ¢ Bis 8 
3 
: 2 es 
. Cy 73 
1 , * r 
5 22 
3 
~ 
1 * 


WHITE HEADS TRADE 
BOARD IN DUBLIN 


Dublin, Ga January 10.—(S 
cial.) —Judge E. D. White, r“ 
Laurens county, was elected today to 
head the Dublin Chamber of Com- 
meree during 1922. Judge White was 
president of the organization in 1920. 
and was succeeded in 1921 by F. H. 

succeeds. — 


and H. G. Stevens 

esidents at the 

ig, and L. M. Maddox was 

uditor. This completes the 

officers except the secretary, 

who is elected by the directors. N. 8. 

Bartlett is the present secretary, and 

it is thought that he will be unani- 
mously chosen again. 


PROVES HE IS NOT 
SON OF CAPITALIST 


Savannah. Ga., January 10.— Spe- 
cial.)— Sergeant Mark O. Clement. of 
Paris Island. visiting his wife here 
today. convinced officers searching for 


‘RACHMANINOFF 


USES THE 


STEINWAY PIANO 


Exclusively 
All-Star Concert Series 
Auditorium-Armory 
Tonight 8:30 


dle 


I 2 5 
. 


ay 1 
r 
2 e 
e 


Chamberlin-Johnson-Du Bose Co. 


the money instead. 


( 


opportunity. 


prices. 


\ 


No slang mende btt our 
buyer of furs found a prominent 
fur house“ caught with the 
goods,’’ and very badly needing 


at such a price that we offer 
them to you at just one-half of 


their real stock values. 


Every coat is new and perfect 
—the best of its kind. 


If you need a coat or expect to 


next year, this is a most unusual 


Frankly, we do not think you 
will find again furs of such good 


quality at such extremely low 


He bought 


Han dsome Furs 
In a Sale at Half Price 
Coats - Neck Pieces - raps 


Beautiful — of Hisdboin Seal, Squirrel, : 
Kolinsky. Mole, Fox, Beaver, Lynx 


and Other Furs 


All Beautiful New Models of the Winter Season 
The Coats Are Shown for the First Time 


Neck . Pieces 


sky, Skunk, Lynx, Pointed Fox, Silver Fox. 
Our Entire Stock of Neck Pieces— Every Piece Selected Carefully by 


an Expert in Furs and Only the Best 
Soft and Lustrously 
Beau! 


All One- Half Price 


Single Skins and Flat Pieces in Seal, 
Beaver, Brown Marten, Mole, Kolin- 


Atcepted. The Pelts Are Full, 


Fur 


inches deep; 


lined. 


Wraps °. 
Scotch Mole Wrap, with 


very handsome collar of 
Platinum Gray Sfynx. 


A $750.00 wrap for $375.00 


Kolinsky Cape of very fine 
Russian Kolinsky. A $698.50 
eape for .........-$349.75 


Squirrel Wrap—Very hand- 


some. squirrel wrap, 
beautifully 


A $998.50 wrap for $499.25 


Fur Coats. 


Hudson Seal Coat, 30-inch. 
length, extra large collar 
and cuffs of Siberian Squir- 
rel, with 9-inch band of same 
around the bottom. 


A $375.00 coat for $187.50 


quality in dark 


40 


cuffs of beaver. 


pe Tepes > 
4, ae 9 2 
Fy Pe. 3 


Squirrel Coat, 
long, of unusually pretty 


Handsome brocade lining. 
A $498.50 coat for $249.75 


French Seal Coat, 36 inches 
long; very pretty collar and 


A $298.50 coat for $149.75 


\ 
Fu x. 
with very 


32 inches 


grey fur. 


ie? 


* oe 5 
Sie” End a. TAL D RAS lett Lo im CEL ve’ — 
Ce PE OR ee rac eee eta 2 
1 r bo? r “ae: 2 
* n e ey ek es 74 
3 x 1 r 


Hudson Seal 
length; beautiful quality 


cuffs of Fitch. 
A $598.50 coat for . 8299.25 


Nutria Coat, 36 inches, col- 
lar and cuffs of self fur. 


A $375.00 coat for .$187.50 
Hudson Seal Coat, 36-inch 


length; full shawl collar and 
very deep cuffs of skunk. 


A $550.00 coat for . 8275.00 
French Seal Coat, 40 inches. 
long, with squirrel collar. 

$375.00 coat for .$187.50 


Coats 


t, 32-inch 


Fur Coats 


French Seal Coat, 42 inches 
long; plain all seal. 
A $298.50 coat for . 8149.25 


fine collar and 


Hudson Seal Coat, extra 


large collar and cuffs of 


der of same around bottom. 


A $698.50 coat for. 8349.75 


grey squirrel; 10-inch bor- 


A 


9 z ee 
go Ss 
+ Fan 
Jing ’ 
5 j N FUG 
ore — * 
o¥ , * : 5 
i 3 ca 5 
4 = 8 ¥ ae 
~ 
x 23 
mh 
. 
* * ae 


2 


5 etd 


3 
7 2 
0 


7 “> 
N 
ee eed 
nl 


. 3 ae A. Virginia Rappe, motion vie- 


133 ; = il 
biure actrest; ig. to. be. called Wednes- 
* 


awaiting the opening of court. 


| Pr 575 rooms in a hotel across from the St. 
Praneis, where his fatal party was 


a: eld last September. | 


| Shoots Fi ther 
To Death After 
Being Scolded 


_ Waycross, Ga., January 10.— (Spe- 
cial.)—J. T. White was _ ki late 
miles west o wood in this coun- 
IL. in son, Kelly White, aged 18. 

From information gathered from the 
scene of the killing, it seems that 
there had been a family quarrel prior 
to the shooting. The father is said 
to have engaged in a dispute wi 
some of his children about staying 
too long at a neighbor’s house. The, 
dispute had apparently ended and the 
fa had gone into the yard to feed 
some stock, it was alleged, when his 
son entered the house and went 
through it to the rear, where he * 
tied both barrels of his gun into h 
father. 

One load struck his father full in 
the face, the other entering his side. 
Death followed almost instantly. 

Kelly White surrendered to offi- 
cers and was brought to Waycross 
tonight and lodged in the county jail. 


8 5 ö 14 * “1, 5 
Pk. Se eae Ses 3 7 5 „„ ei ee 
A „„ eS a. Ree Renee SAE T . SS Me ie 
15 3 r 4 i a Ces Pe dey) gt ot * 3 é 8 
n 3 * * 2 
i 2 eas 0 0 
4 N ~ 1 7 
5 5 < 6 Pe, Px, „ . 2 POR ys , 
ete 2 . ¥ ‘re at * ae > ES l 3 7 Be : 
» Pe X 9 ¢ 7 * 
8 i. 
N , eee 
* < 5 * ‘ 5 K 
4 <7 a N i N l 
: 3 7 g . 
we + 5 
8 88 4 . 
a 
9 } * : ! 
2 rk : 14 1 ö ; 
2 a — . . 2 
see : , 
7 pe.) 
— * a . 
2 ; 
5 8. “3 
g oe aK 
=" ' 4 ; 
11 f 0 * 
| 1 
be 
7 
mF 
8 2 198 
Ss 5 
3 
3 3 4 7 , 
20 * 7 
* 
> We * 5 - 
, * 9 
N 


| ease | | 
San Francisco, January 10.—Ros- 
doe Arbuckle, whose second trial for 
N laughter in connection with the 


day, has held final conference with 
his “million-dollar. defense“ and is 


eee Arbuckle has moved out of the 
+ fimelight and has taken up quarters 
in a comparatively modest suite of 


On the eve of bis trial the heavy- 
weight comedian is taking his predic- 
ament seriously and shows worry at 
times. With his wife he dines in 
secluded corners of fashionable res- 


White is survived by a widow and 
ten children. 


| laurants and seeks to evade any un- 
due publicity. 


Franklin, Tenn. January 10.— 


Not guilty” was the verdict return- 
‘ed by the 1 tonight in the trial 
of State Senator E. N. Clabo, of 
Sevier county, Tennessee, — 
with soliciting and accepting a bribe 
of $300 at the last session of the 
‘Tennessee legislature. 

The jury was out from 5:30 o’elock 
this afternoon when Judge Hobbs 
‘completed his charge, until shortly be- 
fore 9 o’clock.: 

Acquittal in the ease of Senator 
Clabo came within 3 a week after 
his trial began. Practically ail of 
today was spent in héaring the argu- 
ments. Speakers who delivered the 
closing pleas were Attorney W. A. 
Knight, for the defense, and General 
Job Garner, for the state, two others 
‘were heard during. the forenoon. 


Ray City Officials. 


‘\ Milltown, Ga., January 10.—(Spe- 
cial.)—At the election for town of- 
ficers at Ray City, Tuesday, the fol- 
lowing were elected: a N L. F. 
Giddens: councilmen. J. T. Phillips. 
A. W. Turner, J. S. Clements, Jr., 
and J. A. Griffin. They were install- 


ed immediately. 


4 


to give your ambition a chance? 
part of your Earnings. 


Success 
tunity came I was ready. 


your money. 


Main Banking Floor. 


Savings Department Hours-9 A. M. 
6 P. M. on Saturdays. 


Fourth National 


At Five Points 


How Have You 
Started the New Year? 


Have you planned. as all far-seeing folks Bin doing, 
You can do this by saving 


Ask your a business friends how they won 
The answer will be, “I saved; when my oppor- 


Saving alone will not make you rich, but you will 
never get rich or become independent unless you save 


Give your ambition a chance by backing it up with 


Start a Savings Account NOW, with this 
big, strong Unele Sam Bank. Save steadily. regularly. 


will like our courteous, friendly, safe service. 


Savings Department Entrance---Marietta Street or from 


You 


to5 P. M. and 


Bank 


Atlanta 


} 


| 


each charge. 


Black face Artists booed 
In Ministrel Show] 


“The Battle of 8 8 featur- | 
ing Dr. Claude N. ~~ 
face comedian, and F 
as ah army captain, and 


tery of the Kitchen Sink 
Stole the Dishrag?“ A Wyili 
West as a peripatetic vocabulary 


8 85 


2 8 


| Be Tucoiay’s meeting of the Lions’ club | 
was featured by a discussion of the 


posed city charter, the Atlanta 
4 san Bidgar Nee 

author, and reer sagt rad the elub. 
and the of Th 


black, and heey: — Gibson as —— 5 


embryo are of the 
hits of ne ‘Shrine N. of 
which will be given at the Auditorium 
on January 17 and 18. These two 
skits are so funny that Perrin G, 
Somers, the director, has to rehearse 
the actors in private, to keep the 
laughing of the other minstrels from 
interrupting the acts, 

Details were completed Tuesday for 
the two big street parades to be held 
next Teusday and Wednesday, the 
minstrels being augmented by the 
band, patrol, chanters and Oriental 
band, the organizations to appear in 
their usual uniforms and the minstrels 
in regulation minstrel outfits: sup- 
plied by the New York costumer. 

Tickets at $1 each were placed on 
sale at numerous public places yes- 
terday, and the public of Atlanta are 
invited to attend the minstrel show 
and see just how funny a lot of Shrin- 
ers can be when they get behind a 
coat of lampblack and turpentine. 


| THREE SENTENCED 


ON GUILTY PLEAS 


IN BURGLARY CASES 


Aaron and Jim Crenshaw and Lew- 
is Turner entered pleas of guilty to 
three different charges of burglary 
in Fulton superior court Tuesday 
and were sentenced by Judge John D. 
Humphries to serve one year each on 
In sentencing the de- 


kendants the court specified that the 
first Year of the sentence was to be 
spent on the state farm and the re- 
: mainder on the chaingang. 


The men were arrested several 


weeks ago by Lieutenant Oliver, of 
the county police, following a series 
ok burglaries in Peachtree Heights. 


| MEMBERSHIPS 


| 


IN HORSE GUARD 
WILL BE SOLD 


Jury exempt memberships in ‘Troop 
[., Georgia cavalry, known as the gov- 
‘ernor’s horse guards, will be placed 
on sale at once, according to an- 
nouncement Tuesday by J. S. Slicer, 
captain in command. Proceeds from 
the memberships will go toward the 
cost of a $6,000 stable under con- 
struction on North Boulevard. 

The memberships, which also 
exempt the holder from street tax, 
will be sold for $25 each. Before 
the war 14 companies in the Georgia 
cavalry placed 30 memberships on sale 
each, but at present there are only 
four companies, with an allotment of 
only 30 jury exempt memberships to 
each company. 

Inspection of the horse guards by 


Captain F. E. Bertholet and Major 


Wilson, of the United States army, 
occurred Monday night. The officers, 
detailed by the federal government to 
instruct the Georgia militia, gave the 
organization an excellent mark, stat- 
ing that the men were well drilled 
and the records were in splendid con- 
dition. 

The government furnishes the horses 
and keeps them groomed. ‘The troop 
is required te furnish a stable. Mem- 


resigna 

dent last Tuesday. Mr. Marye also 
standing cpm for his ad, 

ministration. 

Musie at Tuesday’s meeting was 
furnished by the Jax Sax Six, affiliat-. 
ed with the Jax orchestra, which is the 
first saxophone sextet. ‘to perform in 
the southern states. Its personnel is 
Jack Williams, Newell Carrier, Leon 
Kelly, Merill Wade, William Terrell, 
Jr., and George Gordale. 

Mr. Watkins, after giving the his- 
tory of the present charter of At- 
lanta, which xas adopted in 1874, 
declared that it has been amended <0 
much that it resembles a crazy quilt. 

Plan not Perfect. 

He said ‘taut the pian which he 
proposes is not perteci, and that an- 
other pian might be acveptuvle to him. 
He added thut no one bas yet present- 
ed any other plan, and tuat he will 
consider his tne best until someone 
does ‘present another. bour plans for 
Atlanta's government which are better 
than the present charter namely, the 
city manager, commission, aldermanic 
and his plan—exist, he said. 

1 understand that many councilmen 
are against ay plan,” he said. “My 
quéstion is y doesn’t one of them 
present a better plan!“ 

A member of the club then asked 
Mr. Watkins how the people may be 
able to vote on one or more plans. Mr. 
Watkins’ answer was: “Let this club, 
or the inter-civic council, ask council 
to submit one or more plans for the 
people to vote on, and they will be 
submitted. Council ‘is not impregna- 
ble to public. pressure. You can't 
get anything done by continually 
carping about the present government. 
You have got to act.” 

Mr.. Watkins was then asked to ex- 
plain the basis of his assertion that 
under the present charter the city 
wastes at least 51.000.000 annually. 
In answering, Mr. Watkins said: 
Take an incident which happened this 


tomatic street flushing system here. 
The members of the committee did not 
know anything about this system. If 
the present government. were efficient 
the matter would have been investi- 
gated carefully, but the result was 
that the committee had to guess and 
the guess led it to appropriate one- 
third of the amount in order to try 
out the system. Maybe the money 
will be thrown away. There's ho way 
of telling now.“ 
Hub of Southeast. 

In the beginning of his address, Mr. 
Watkins said that Atlanta is the hub 
of southeastern transportation and 
education, and that the city is des- 
tined to have, within a few years, 1,- 
000,000 population. He said that with 
this in view and with the constant de- 
mand for better municipal govern- 
ment,.there is need for change in the 
city’s charter. 

The other officais, besides President 
Marye, installed at Tuesday’s meeting 
were J. R. Regnas, first vice presi- 


‘dent; A. McD. Wilson, Second vice 
president, and Dr. E. C. rash, third 
vice president. 

Mr. Marye appointed the following 
committees: . 

Mémbership—Robert F. Maddox, Jr., 22 


] 


bers may avail themselves of horses for f mant d C. Wunaker, J. R. ‘Regnas, R. 


pleasure rides at any time. One and 
a half hour each Saturday after- 
noon is required for drilling. 


CALL BELLE ISLE TAXICAB 


DODGE BROTHERS 


é 
Will Announce On 


FEBRUARY FIRST, 1922, 


— 


A SUBSTANTIAL 
REDUCTION IN 
THE PRICES OF 


THEIR 


CARS— 


Effective From 


JANUARY FIRST, 1922. 


Hamlin, H. 0, Rogers, W. L. Mathers, w. 
H. Spratlin, W. N. Adkins. 

Publicity— Joseph V. Freitag, 
Press. Huddleston, A. C. Kiser, 
Harrison. 

Ways and Means—Dr. Wes Ge Lyle, L. L. 
Ferry, Willard See. 

Constitution and By-Laws—T. H. McCrea, 
chairman; Frank H. Atlee, A. McD, Wilson, 
Samuel Barnett. 

Public Improvement—A. F. Newman, chair- 
man; Dean Johnston, B. Bernard. 8 a 

Finance — Ernest Clayton, chairman; Chas. 
Fish, A. N. Patton. 

Fellowship and Education—Victor F. Todd, 
chairman; Dean Johnston, J, O. Partain. 
Attendance—- Roy 8. Mather, chairman; 
Press Huddleston, J. B. Richards. | 

Entertainment—Press Huddleston, chair- 
man: IL. C. Adler, C. R. Clark. 

Organization—Frank L. Boud, chairman; 
H. O. Rogers, A. C. Keiser, S. W. Wiseberg, 
G. P. Armstrong, E. Blane Gamble, J. K. 
Jordan, J. F. delarnette, Roy 8. Mather, 
William I. Mathers, P. Thornton R 
and, ex-officio, W. N. Adkins, 


RAIL COMMISSION 
HEARS EVIDENCE 
IN ROME CASE 


The state railroad commission Tues- 
day heard evidence in the petition of 
the Rome Municipal Gas company 
for permission to increase its gas 
rates. The company asks that a rate 
of $2 a thousand, granted it several 
months ago by the commission and 
later rescinded, be restored. Repre- 
sentatives of the city of Rome asked 
that the present rate of $1.50 be 
‘maintained or if any change be made 
that be reduced. 

company was represented by 

ules Walter Colquitt and Wright 

illingham, attorneys. The city of 

Rome was represented by Judge Max 
Meyerhardt, city attorney of Rome. 

The commission also heard evidence 
in the petition of the Bulloch Tele- 
phone Company of Statesboro, asking 
permission to increase rates on rural 
telephones. The comniission took both 
cases under advisement. 


BOOK COPYRIGHTED 
‘BY LOCAL INSTRUCTOR 


Harold K. Van Buren, instructor 
in English. at Fulton High school, 
has just copyrighted his book in Eng- 
lish, entitled “The Parts of Speecn 


chairman; 
Clift J. 


and How They Behave in Company,” 


¥ which will appear for sale in a few 


ie & MAFFETT 
370 WEST PEACHTREE ST. 
HEM. 1168 


— 


days. : 

The book, of seventeen pages, gives 
a description of every part of speech 
in the Mnglish language. 


| Supreme Court of Georgia | 


Tudgments Affirmed. 
Volunteers Fh gs Rh Te thy 
Atlanta et al.; from Fulton superior court— 
Judge Bell. ri M. Carmain, for p 
tiffe im error. James L. Mayson, eee . 
ood, contra. 

v. 2 2 ' 

rr 


of rs, 
eS Sh maith ese 


musicians and music lovers since tle 


last grand opera season takes 2 
i th 


8 
p 
date in order that the directors a 
other visitors might at the same time 
hear the distinguished Russian. The 
visitors will be guests of officers and 
members of the Atlanta Music elub, 
whieh is sponsoring the concert in 
conjunction with the Salter Musical 
bureau. 

That Mr. Rachmaninoff's second re- 


eital here will draw an audience of 


more than ordinary proportiens is 


‘assured by the advance sale of seats 


at the Cable Piano company store. 
Besides an unusual local demand 
there have been hundreds of reser- 
vations by out-of-town patrons. There 
is hardly a teacher of the jéano 
who has not obtained seats and urged 
the attendance of advanced pupils. 

Sergei Rachmaninoff is recognized 
not only as the greatest exponent of 
Russian music and a foremost com- 
poser, but as one of the most ex- 
gg concert pianists who ever 

layed in America. Atlantans 

sof eard his recital here two sea- 
sons ago will readily agree with the 
verdict, that concert’ having been 
noteworthy even in — 3 
brilliant season of mus 

The recital will — at 8:15 
o'cloek, and no late-comers will be 
admitted during the playing of the 
first number, the Beethoven sonata 
Opus 13. The management urges 
that every patron be seated by that 
time. 


1922 OF FICERS 
ARE INSTALLED 
BY FOOD DEALERS 


morning. Recommendation was made 
that the finance committee appropriate 
* 75,000 for the installation of an au- 


Officers of the Atlanta Retail 
Food Dealers’ association were in- 
stalled at a meeting of the associa- 
tion held at 8 o’clock Tuesday night 
in the Atlanta Chamber of Commerce 
assembly hall. The new board of 
directors for 1922, consisting of 35 
members, was chosen at this time, the 
names to be made public later. 

The officers for 1922 are: J. H. 
Bulloch, president; George A. Mc- 
Gaughey, first vice, president; Mor- 
ris Weinberg, second vice iwesident ; 
Frank Maloney, third vice president, 
and W. T. Akin, treasurer. The | 
secretaryship is a permanent posi- | 
‘tion. 

Annual reports for 1921 wete read 
by the committee chairman and by 
Mr. Akin, treasurer, and by J. V. 
Bergen, secretary. Plans which will 
be undertaken by the association dur- 
ing {he coming year were outlined. 


YOUTH HELD IN BLAIR 


DEATH IS RELEASE D te 


Homer Byrd, of 272 1-2 Peters 
street, who was arrested Tuesday by 
detectives in connection with the slay- 
ing of Ed L. Blair, of 419 Peters 
street, who died at Grady hospital sev- 
eral weeks ago from injuries sustained 
when he resisted a highwayman, was 
released Tuesday because of lack of 
evidence. 


Ellis enter a tem- 
| porary Hh and set the hearing 


nd | for January 16. The suit set out that 


the tax was discriminatory in that it 
does not seek to levy the tax on lunch 
stands outside of the city limits. The 
petitioners are represented by the law 
8 of Little, Powell, Smith & Gold- 

An injunction petition brought by 
tobacco dealers several days ago 
sought to prevent the collection of 
a special tobacco tax. 


* 
— 


REAL ESTATE 
BOARD TO HOLD 
MEETING THURSDAY 


A review of the 1921 achievements 
of the Atlanta Real Estate board by 
Henry B. Scott, 1921 president, and 
an outline of- plans for 1922 by G. 
Ward Wight, the newly elected pwes- 
ident, will feature the annual dinner 
of the board Thursday night at 7 
o'clock at the Capital City club. 

President Wight will also announce 
the standing 5 of the board 
for this year. splendid program of 
entertainment — n arranged. 


DR. ROF HEADS 
GRADY HOSPITAL 
MEDICAL BOARD 


Dr. Dunbar Roy was elected Tues- 
day night as president of the Medical 
board of Grady Hospital. The board 
is composed of representatives of the 
different divisions of the institution. 

Other officers elected were Dr. Gar- 
nett W. Quillian, vice president, and 
Dr. H. L. Reynolds, secretary. 

The board meets every three months 
at the hospital. 


MINISTERS’ UNION 
HEADS INSTALLED 


The officers of the Atlanta Baptist 
Ministers’ union were installed Tues- 
day afternoon at the Ebenezer Baptist 
church. Dr. E. P. Johnson delivered 
an impressive charge to the entire 
body as to the duties of each officer, 
and what the union means to the Bap- 
tist churches of the city. A banquet 
was served. by the officers and mem- 
bers of Ebenezer ¢hurch, of which Dr. 
A. D. Williams is pastor. 

The following officers were elected 
to serve one year: Rev. W. F. Paschal, 
president; Rev. J. W. Williams, vice 
president; Rev. E. D. Lawson, sec- 
retary; Rev. C. H. Sharp, treasurer; 
J. T. Dorsey, 2 Rev. II. 
H. Coleman, reporter ; Rey. B. 8. 
Cleveland, assistant reporter; Rev. N. 
R. Smith, chairman of the membership 
committee, and Rev. Robinson, 
chairman ‘of the program committee. 
Dr. P. James Bryant made a strong 
appeal for the support of Morehouse 
college in the big musical that will be 


given at the auditorium at an early 
date this month. 


_| standpoint. 


Preparations for the drive for new 
members for the woman's 
division of the Atlanta Chamber of 
Commerce will begin during this week. 
The campaign will last from Monday. 
January 16, to Friday, February 3. 
| Miss ry L. Mendenhal will act as 
chairman and Miss Ada Booth will be 
vice chairman in the campaign. 

Twenty-one teams will conduct the 
drive, each team being composed of 
five members, headed by a team cap- 
tain and an assistant captain. 
Mendenhal has called a meeting of the 
| captains and assistants at the chamber 
of commerce at 5:30 o’clock Thursday 
afternoon. At this meeting definite 

ey for the campaign will be out- 
in 


Each team captain will be given the 


names of the persons who will work 
on the membership team under her. 
and each team will be allotted a cer- 
tain vocation or business as a field in 
which to secure members. 

At the Thursday meeting Miss Jane 
Van Derverade and Miss Laura Smith. 
president of the business woman's di- 
vision, will make talks. Friday aft- 
ernoon at 5:30 Oclock a second meet- 
ing will be held, at which the men- 
bers and heads of the teams will gatl- 
er at the chamber of commerce for the 
purpose of organizing final plans for 
beginning the membership drive an the 
following Monday. 

The business — division of 
the Atlanta Chamber of Commeree 
draws its membership from women in 
| business life, and offers many advan- 
tages from a commercial and _ civic 
Every worker has been 
urged to call at the chamber of com- 
merece and see the secretary, J. ©. 
Robinson, for information or assist- 
ance, or reach him by phone, Ivy 845. 
Team captains and assistants are 
as follows: 

Team 1—Miss Anna Eugene Aiken, cap- 
ee Marjorie R. Logan, assistant 
captain, 


Team 2—Miss Dorothy Banks and Mrs.’ 


W. F. Merrill. 

Team Z— Miss DB. L. Boyer and Mrs. D. 
McL. Halleday. 

Team Mrs. E. C. Clements, captain; 
Miss Ella S. Carter, assistant. 

Team 5—Miss Elizabeth A. Fleck, cap- 
tain: Miss Catherine L. Ford, assistant. 

Team G—Miss Katherine Tatum Cooke, 
captain; Mrs. J. E. Trammell, assistant. 

Team 7—Miss Jean Harrell, captain; Miss 
Marie S. Brown. 

Team 8—Miss Edna I. Hopkins, captain; 
Miss Alberta Dozier, assistant. 

Team 9—Mias Ethel M. Lawrence, Cap- 
tain; Miss Neva I. Porter, assistant. 

Team 10—Miss Katherine Lovett, captain; 
Mis E. C. Trimmer, assistant. 

Team 11—Miss Hortense H. Martin, cap- 
tain: Miss Anna E. Hannahan, assistant. 

Team 12—Miss Sue G. Melvin, captain; 
Mrs. C. V. Hanson, assistant 

Team 13—Miss Mary K. Phelps, 
Miss L. Childers, assistant. 

Team 14—Miss Annabel Horn, 
Miss Kate Reagan, assistant. 

Team 15—Mrsa. A. W. Ric hards, 
Mrs. P. A. Shipp, assistant. 

Team 16—Mrs. Lelia Rucker, 
Miss Hazel Elrod, assistant. 

Team 17—Mre. W. V. Smith, 
Mrs. W. S. Richardson, assistant. 

Team 18—Miss Winifred Smith, 
Mies Eva Lee Phillips, assistant. 

Team 19—Mrs, R. 8. Tigner, captain; Mrs. 
William Guy Smith, assistant. 

Team 20—Mrs. Ethel 0. Mays, captain; 
Miss Eloise Slaton, assistant. 

Team 21—Miss Norma W. McCain, cap- 


tain; Miss Boje, assistant. 


Lanier Court Opens. 


Milltown, Ga., January 10.—(Spe- 
cial.) —Lanier county spring term of 
superior court opened here this morn- 
ing sromptly at 10 o'clock, with Judge 

8. Diekerson, of Homer ville, pre- 


captain; 
captain; 
captain; 
captain; 
captain; 


captain; 


nne 


the usual liies. 


Unabated Success Attends 


Our Pre-inventory Sale 


Hart Schaffner & Marx 


& Styleplus 


Suits & Overcoats 


Was 

$27.50 
32.50 
35.00 
40.00 
45.00 
50.00 
55.00 
60.00 


Now. 
818.37. 
21.67. 
23.67. 


65.00 


70.00 


75.00. 


Lou Save 


$ 9.13 
10.83 
11.33 
13.00 
15.00 
16.67 
18.33 
20.00 
21.67 
23.00 
25.00 


Miss 


The charge of the judge was N 


c 


3 5 
K nnn 


* e 
+ ö 
S ls et Se te Se . 


5 2 5 al . 
* 3 . 5 Som 


y x 8 > = 
a ee e ö 4 


— 
* 


T 


a F 
im „ 


8 


=“ 


Pea 3 — . MR, n 4 
0 5 * ‘ * 28 8 22 eins n F 9 Sr 8 
A ˙1.A ˙¹1 Sete n N R 3 Ames 2 aac 
F ae ee * 3 r Wenn 
1 * — — r 
4 Ar. 
= * 


Mass Meeting of Women 
To Hear City Charter Plans 


A mass meeting of Atlanta women, 
to be held at some date around the 
first of February, at which the women 
of Atlanta will be given the oppor- 
tunity to inform themselves concern- 
ing the proposed Atlanta plan for a 
city charter, and opponents of this 
plan, if they are provided with anoth- 
er and a better plan, may state their 
case, will be called by the City Fed- 
eration of Women’s Clubs. 

This decision was arrived at by the 
executive board of the federation, meet- 
ing Tuesday morning at the residence 
of the president, Mrs. Albert E. Thorn- 

„ It followed upon an exposition 
of the Atlanta plan by Udgar Wat- 
kins, leading Atlanta lawyer, member 
of the board of aidermen, and author 
ef the proposed new charter. 

Mr. Watkins’ exposition was brief, 
but complete, clear and easily under- 
stood. He stated in the beginning that 
he had no doubt that many of tue 
women, because they are posting them- 
selves more conscientiously than are 
the men on civic matters, knew some- 
thing about the proposed charter, but 
that, so far, he had not found a man 
who had read it, although opinions on 
its value are heard not :nfrequentiy. 

Opposed by Politicians. 

Its strongest opponents, he declared, 
are the politicians, and their chief rea- 
pon is because they are opposed to any 
change. He held no briet for the per- 
fection of the Atlanta plan, but stated 
that with all the opposition expressed, 
nobody had so far put out a substitute 
plan which might or might not come 
nearer pleasing the popular desire. 

He emphasized some of the strong- 
est points in the Atlanta plan, notabiy 
the smaller number of officials, with a 
con quent narrowing down of the pos- 
sibility of escape from responsibility ; 
the shortening of the ballot, with a 
proportionate facility thus afforded 
voters to inform themselves concerning 
the personnel of the candidates and 
their records; a checking system on 
expenditures, Which would include a 
comptroller with some authority, a 
bonding feature and an annual audit; 
a salaried chief of administration, who 
should have the highest recognized 
business qualifications and experience; 
a mayor with greater power, but more 
direct responsibility to the people; a 
board of aldermen, with one member 
from every ward, insuring a central 
— in direct contact with 
the people of every community in the 
city, and à referendum, which would 
give the people as a whole opportunity 
to express themselves directly by popu- 
lar vote on any measure. 

The election, Mr. Watkins stated, 
will take place the first week in May. 
On February 10, a public hearing on 
the Atlanta plan will be held in the 
council chamber. He called it the pa- 
triotie duty of the women, as of the 
men, to take this opportunity to hear 
the discussion of the charter plan, and 
stressed the value to the cause of good 
government that the women should ex- 
press their intéPest by their presence. 

It was following this statement by 
Mr. Watkins that Mrs. John K. Ott- 
ey suggested the advisability and pro- 

sed the calling of a special meeting 
by the city federation, when Mr. Wat- 
tkins would be asked to give all the 
women the benefit of the explanation 
he had made this smaller body, and 
that other speakers should be invited 
to present the arguments of opponents 
of M . Watkins’ plan. 

League Is Invited. 

It met the approval of Mr. Watkins, 
and members of the board proposed 
that the co-operation be invited of 
the League of Women Voters, who 
@re putting their whole strength at 
present behind the work for a new 
charter. f 

That the women are posting them- 
selves, as Mr. Watkins stated, was in- 
dicated in their questions, as for in- 
stance, the proportion of the city’s 
funds which now go to city improve- 
ments as against that which goes in 
palaries. When one woman stated that 
he understood the improvement fund 
Was about fifteen or twenty per cent, 
the board decided that at their mass 


meeting they will also have presented 


to them an analysis of the city’s iu“ 
come and its expenditures, Ji 

Mrs, Ottley was made chairman of a 
committee on arrangements to confer 
with Mr. Watkins and prepare the 
program. 

Mrs. Thornton will announce the 
date and other details later. . 

Mrs. Atkinson Presides. 


Mrs. Ulric S. Atkinson, first vice 
President of the city federation, pre- 
pided at Tuesday’s meeting, and there 
was present the second vice president, 
Mrs. Arthur Harris; the recording 
— he Mrs. H. G. er : cor- 
responding secretary, rs. George 
Varden; the treasurer. Mrs. Willis 

n, and in spite of bad weather 
there was an excellent representation 
of the membership. 

Mrs. Moody Elected. 


On motion of Mrs. Thornton, the 
president, it was voted to have a third 
vice president, and Mrs. Thornton, 


RACHMANINOFF 
USES THE 


STEINWAY PIANO 


Exclusively 


All-Star Concert Series 
Auditorium-Armory 
Tonight 8:30 i 


| 


Registration for Smith- | 


"iuac this luuwd gu into tue permabeur 


Atkinson, chairman of art, 


side. 


proposing the name of Mrs. Joseph N. 
Abou sue Was unanimousiy eleLCed. 
Ars. Moouy lu uceepun tue vice 
ot tuiru vice prenuent Wucued upon 
we puvlic were work OL tue Leuer- 
utlonu wulcn uns LOr some Yeurs been 
utr special feuera don Iten, uud 
cuuplumzeu tue meter tase Wilu 
Wwurcn those weuare matters Of specids 
smulerest to women could be ucrompusu- 
e u were were Cay mowers as wen 
as city lachers. Want we women 
miUSt BAVC,” BOE saulu, “Is BOL yurt 
prullise 01 CO-vperutiou, but results. 
Ars. K. M. Kambo pitied mut tue 
women s comummter, heuucu by Airs. 
Arcuibald wavis, wuicu uns been asK- 
eu vy we liayur to pian un appropri- 
ace uisposal oc The 04,UUU Woe Ant 
rerunu, ls IVitlug Lue women 8 Orguu- 
uten to make suggestions LOY Luis 
disposal iu Vriunz, aud tuen proposeu 
unc tue city leveratioun boaru asa 


auud lor me Girls Andustrial nome, 
‘Wiuuch Will give sone practicas training 
w girls Just out of tue stocKude. Ini 
dutzsesdonu Was AaCCepreu. 

A high ligut ox incexest in the meet- 
ing lay in we report by Miss Carolyn 
Coub as chairman ot community serv- 
ice. , 
Important resolutions were present- 
ed vy Mrs. W. IL. Kercy, Chulsman of 
resolutions, and those passed by the 
board will be presented at the general 
meeting of the tederation on Thursday 
afternoon at Steinway hall. 

A telegram of appreciation and 
thanks trom Woodrow Wilson was 
read which acknowledged the wire sent 
him by the last general meeting of the 
city federation, this message express~ 
ing the congratulations of the fifteen | 
thousand women composing the feder- 
ation that Mr. Wilson’s health is im- 
proving and continued faith in the 
high principles for which he has 
always stood. 

Other letters were from Dr. K. G. 
ftheson, in answer to regret. from 
tue city federatioh that he has re- 
signed the presidency of Georgia Tech, 
and from Mrs. Thomas G. Winter, 
president of the General Federation, in 
answer to an expression of faith from 
the federation in her value to the ad- 
visory board of the U. S. delegation to 
the arms parley, of which she is a 
member. 

At the general meeting Thursday, 
the matter will be presented of the 
quota of the Atlanta City Federation, 
the largest in the country except New 
York, in the subscription for the pur- 
chase fund of a headquarters build- 
ing in Washington for the genera) fed- 


eration, Georgia is pledged to a thous- | 


and dollar subscription, and the city 
federation~will on Thursday have op- 
portunity to do its part. 

Invitations were extended to the 
board through Mrs, Ulric Atkinson, 
from the Joseph Habersham chapter 
D. A. R., to the laying of the corner 
stone, of Habersham Memorial hall, 
on Saturda afternoon, and to the 
forum — * at the Capital City 
club, Friday, when Mrs. Rose V. 8. 
Berry, of California, chai of Fine 
Arts, General Federation of Women’s 
clubs, will be the honor guest, and Mrs 


Federation of Women’s clubs will pre- 


Hughes Classes Today. 


The first registration for the 
classes in sewing, cooking, draughting 
and designing, millinery, etc., will be 
made by members of the home eco- 


nomics department and other club 
members from 2 to 3 o’clock Wednes- 
day at the club house preceding the 
regular meeting of the department at 
3 o'clock, and this will be the oppor- 
tunity for club members to register, 
as after Wednesday the registration 
will be open to non-members.. Mrs. 
Norman Pool and her chairmen will 
be at the club at 2 o’clock on Wed- 
nesday. 


Luncheon for! Mrs. Ross. 


A pretty event of Thursday, Jan- 
uary 5, was the luncheon at which 
Mrs. John H. Ramsaur entertained 
at her home in Decatur. The occa- 
sion was in honor of Mrs. O. E 
of Spartanburg, S. C., who has heen 
Mrs. Ramsaur’s house guest. 

The color scheme of yellow and 
white was carried out in the favors, 
mints, cakes and ices. 

Those invited to meet Mrs. Koss 
were Mrs. E. S. Mansfield, Mrs. Hal 
Drake, Mrs. George Adams, Mrs. J. 
C. Dabney, Mrs. W. H. McClain, Mrs. 
W. B. Sasnett and Mrs. W. H. Me- 
Clain, Jr. 


Benefit Bridge 


For Auditorium Fund. 

For the benefit of the auditorium 
fund of the Woman’s club a benefit 
bridge party will be given at the home 
of Mrs. J. W. Gibson, 81 Bast Sev- 
enteeth street, Friday afternoon, Jan 
uary 13. * 

Dainty prizes will be given and re- 
freshments will be served. Ladies 
_ requested to bring cayds and pen- 
cus, > 


& 


8 


is upset or your bowels are not 


i CHAMBERLAIN’S TABLETS 
. the gentle stimulant 


will provide 


does Your Housework Tire You? 


II 
suffer from 
it means that your liver is out of order. your 


housework ti unduly, if you 
your housework tires you uly. 5 you 


ture at 
Na i and ready for the 
7 in 
ö r =. 
IRT THEM 
‘he aiicad 
. 5 Mien Oey APA? * | 


ing properly. | 


that will set 


a bottle of 


Georgia |. the 


| 


|Bates-Andrews 


Bridal Party 
Is Entertained 


A social affair of last evening was 
the buffet supper given by Mrs. MWF. 
Methvin, in compliment to the Bates- 
Anderson bridal party, following the 
wedding rehearsal. 

Palms and potted plants arranged 


with vases of pink and white roses 
were used effectively as decorations. 
The lace-covered table in the dining 
room was adorned with a silver bas- 
ket of pink roses, and at intervals 
were placed pink tapers in silver 
candlesticks. 

Mrs. Methvin was gowned in blue 
Canton crepe. 

Miss Bates was lovely in a dinner 
frock of brown lace. 

The members of the bridal 
present included Miss Dorothy 
vin, Miss Margaret Chitty, 
Mary Taylor, Mrs. Edgar Lin n, of 
North Carolina; Mrs. John Gifford, 
Miss Bates, Dr. James Lindsey Estes, 
Howard Bates, of Winston-Salem, 
N. C., and Dr. Andrews. 


Birthday Party 
Given Yesterday 
For Helen Peck 


Mrs. Marshall Peck entertained 
Tuesday afternoon, at her home on 
Myrtle street, the occasion celebrating 
the eighth birthday of her little 
| daughter, Miss Helen Goodwin Peck. 

The color motif of pink and white 
was carried out in the decorations, 
favors and ices. | Potted plants, to- 
gether with vases of pink roses, were 
2 used in the rooms where 
the little guests assembled. The table 


rty 
eth- 
Miss 


in the dining room was adorned with 


a silver vase of pink roses, and at 
each guest’s place were fluffy pink 
baskets filled with pink and white 
mints, and caps and pink fans were 
favors given each child. 

An interesting game was enjoyed, 
the prize for the little girl was a 
beautiful string of beads and the 
boys’ prize was a tool box. 

Little Miss Peck wore a dainty 
— frock of erepe de chine and 
ace. 
aria little boys and girls were 


invited. 


Mrs. Andrews Again 
Heads Committee 


On Americanization|| 


Mrs. J. E. Andrews, Georgia state 
chairman for the National Security 
league, and state chairman of the 
Americanization committee for Par- 
ent-Teacher associations, will head the 
Americanization committee from At- 
lanta Parent-Teacher associations for 
the remainder of the school year, hav- 
ing been elected at a meeting of the 
committee held in the city hall assem- 
bly room Tuesday morning at 10 
o’clock. This meeting was attended 
by representatives of many local Par- 
ent-Teacher associations, and impor- 
tant plans were made for the work of 
Americanization through the schools, 
Mrs. Andrews said: “The first thing 
our committee will do is to make it 
clear that the Parent-Teacher associa- 
tion is a patriotic organization, be- 
cause we have the training of young 
America in our hands.” 


Symposium Planned. 
The committee voted to help each 
school obtain a steel flagpole and 
flag; to furnish suggestive programs 


‘from time to time for patriotic exer- 


cises; to try to place in the school 
curriculum a study of the catechism 
of the constitution of the United 
States prepared, by the National Se- 
curity league; and to arrange at the 
end of the school year an Americani- 
zation symposium, with representa- 
tives from each school, to contest for 
prizes by answering the questions on 
the constitution. 


Next Meeting. 


The next meeting of the Americani- 
zation committee will be held the first 
Tuesday in February in the Ansley ho- 
tel, at 11:30 a. m. Mayor James L. 
Key will present the entire constitu- 
tion of the United States to the com- 
mittee members as preparatory study 
for their work through the schools. 
Mrs. Andrews said Tuesday that the 
committee will also make 2 study of 
the first two books of the Bible, since 
love of one’s country should begin with 
the creation. 

Officers elected Tuesday morning 
were as follows: Chairman, Mrs. J. 
E. Andrews; secretary, Mrs. Richard 
E. Jones, of State Street school: treas- 
urer, Mrs. J. R. Curtis, of George 
Adair school. 

Schools Represented. 

The meeting was attended by the 
following representatives of local Par- 
ent-Teacher organizations: Atlanta 
Parent-Teacher Council, Mrs. Carl 
Dick, of Crew Street senbol: Adair 
school, Mrs. J. R. Curtis and Mrs. 
J. B. Richardson; Crew Street school, 
Mrs. Isaac W. Ney; Presidents’ club, 
Mrs. J. P. Wall, of Faith school; Faith 
school, Mrs. Blossom Tucker, Forrest 
Avenue school, Mes. W. H. Worrill; 
Davis Street school, Mrs. B. W. Sill; 
Fraser Street school, Mrs. J. M. Boyd; 
Georgia Avenue school, Mrs. G. W. 
Pruitt; Ira Street school and Tech 
High school, Mrs. J. B. Andrews; Lee 
Street school, Mrs. A. J. Stewart; 
Pryor Street schoo], Mrs. J. R. Jor- 
don; Stewart Avenve school, Mrs. G. 
W. London; State Street school, Mrs. 
Richard E. Jones; Hill Street school, 
Mrs. J. A. Belflower. 


Program for Laying 
Of Corner Stone. 


The laying of the corner stone of 
Habersham hall will take place Satur- 
afternoon, Janua 14, at 3 
o'clock, at Fifteenth street and Pied- 
mont avenue. 
Mrs. William Lawson Pee! is chair- 
man of building committee. Mrs. War- 
ren D. White, regent, will preside. 
The program is as follows: Invoca- 
tion, Dr. Sproule Lyons, chaplain; 
“Star Spangled Banner,” Asa G. Can- 
dier, Jr., and A. C. Meixell; a tribute 
to American heroes, Mrs. William 
Lawson Peel; Masonic ritual and 
ceremonies, Grand Master Joe P. 


Bowdouin, in charge; address, Cap 


tain Richard Broyles; “America.” 
A cordial invitation is extended to 
the public to be present. 


BUY THEM 
25 cents at all 
druggists 10 


2 ＋ 


T 


Daughters of Founders 


And Patriots to Meet. 
The Georgia. chapter, Daughters of 


The 


; - : 
5 “i 


* 
1 
‘ 


122 85 


ee ‘ ; — 3 
as 1 9 a 
8 e r 
ö + Nec any oS ve: 
4 ö 
— EN. n * * * 
* ‘Ss 


Miss Nan Stephens will give 
a luncheon at her home for the 
board of directors, Georgia Fed- 
eration of Music Clubs. 


Miss Gray Poole will entertain 
the members of the Pi Pi society 
this afternoon at her home, 700 
Ponce de Leon. 


Miss Evelyn Jackson wil] give 
a ted for the board of directors 
of the Georgia Feaeration of Mu- 
sic Clubs. 


The marriage of Miss Louise 
Bates and Dr. Agnew Andrews, 
of Thomasville, will take place 
at 6 o’clock at the home of the 
bride’s sister, Mrs. W. F. Meth- 
vin, on Cleburne avenue. 


Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of 
the most celebrated composers 
and pianists of the day, will give 
a recital at the Auditorium this 
evening. 


A special dance will be ‘given 
this evening at Garber hall. Harl 
Fuller and his New York orches- 
tra, which is the addition! attrac- 
tion at the Metropolitan this 
week, will furnish the music. 


= Miss Madge Kennedy, attrac- 
tive film star, who is playing in 
“Cornered” this week at the At- 
lanta theater, will be honor guest 
at the anditorium luncheon given 
this week at the Atlanta Woman’s 
club, today at 12 o'clock. 


Mrs. Franklin S. Chalmers will 
entertain her bridge club this aft- 
ernoon at her home in compli- 
ment to her guest, Miss Lillian 
Wills, of Lynchburg, Va. 


Miss Gates Eckford will be 
hostess at a sewing party this 
afternoon at her home on Peach- 
tree circle, 


The O. B. X. society of Wash- 
ington seminary will hold a meet- 
ing this afternoon at 8 o'clock 
with Miss Hallie Poole at her 
home on Juniper street. 


7 

The annual meeting of the 
Travelers’ Aid society will be held 
_on the second floor of the. Cham- 
ber of Commerce building this 
morning at 10:30 o' clock. Offi- 
cers will be elected for the ensu- 
ing year and the annual reports 
will be given. : , 


The Parent-Teacher association 


at the school. Professor W. A. 
Sutton, superintendent of schoo 
will address the association. All 
members are urrentle requested 
to be present. 

„The yearly meeting of the ex- 
ecutive board, consisting of all 
section presidents of the Needle- 
work Guild, will be held this aft- 
ernoon at 3 o’clock at the home 
of Mrs. Arnold Broyles, presi- 
dent, 155 Juniper street. 


A regular meeting of Ogle- 
thorpe chapter, No. 122, Order 
of the Eastern Star. will be held 
in the Masonic temple, Buckhead, 
this evening at 7:30 o’clock. All 
qualified members of the order 
cordially invited. 


The North Side Embroidery 
club will meet with Mrs. H. D. 
Carter, 134 Springdale road, this 
afternoon at 3 o’clock. 


The regular monthly meeting 
this afternoon at 3 o’clock of the 
home economics department of 
the Atlanta Woman’s_club, to be 
held in the large reception hall 
of the clubhouse, Mrs. Newton C. 
Wing, chairman, presiding. 


The regular monthly meeting 
of the Spring Street School Par- 
ent-Teacher association will be 
held at 3 o’clock this afternoon 
in the auditorium of the school. 


The West End Study club will 
meet with Mrs. Norman T. Pool, 
109 Peeples street, this morning 
at 10:45 o’clock. 


The morning session of the 
board of directors of the Geörgia 
Federation of Music Clubs will 
be held at Steinway hall, Phil- 
lips & Crew Co. gens 


The afternoon session of the 
board of directors of the Georgia 
Federation of Music Clubs will 
be held at the home of Miss Nan 
Stephens in Druid Hills. 


The business women of the 
First Presbyterian church will 
meet this evening at 6 :30-o’clock 
at the church for supper. 


The Atlanta Reviewers’ club 
will meet at 3 o’clock this aft- 
ernoon at the home of Mrs. F. K. 
som ia 203 Prado, in Ansley 

ark. 


— 


“SOCIAL 


[TEMS 


Mr. and Mrs. Valdemar Gude left 
yesterday for French Lick Springs, 
to spend ten days. 


Mr, and Mrs. Paul A, 1 an- 

nounce the birth of a son Monday, 

January 9, at the Georgia Baptist 

hospital, Who has n given the 

name of Paul A., Jr. 
eee 


Mrs. Clayton Cooley, of Minneap- 
olis, Minn., will arrfve_today to visit 
her sister, Mrs, George Crandall, on 
Peachtree street. 


Mr, and Mrs. Henry Wilson 
Havens have left Atlanta for Miami, 
Fla,, where they will in future re- 
side. 

ses 

Miss Elizabeth Owens, her cousin, 
Miss Lucy Candler, and Miss Kath- 
artne Massey, of Birmingham, Ala., 
left yesterday for their respective 
schools in r D. C., and 
New Tork. They will be joined in 
Lynchburg, Va., by Miss Marion 
Lays, the schoolmates of Miss Owens, 

eee 


Mr, and Mrs. Henry Heinz leave 
today for Miami, Fla., to spend a 
week, In their absence their chil- 
dren will be with their grandmoth- 
er, Mre. J. M. Heinz, on West Peach- 
tree street, 

' eo 

Mrs. Neal Spencer is ill at her 

home in Inman park. 


Mrs. H. A. Manning and Miss 


Wynnette Manning have returned 
from a visit to Mr. and Mrs, Fount 
R. Lane in Roanoke, Ala., and to 
Mr, and Mrs. J. A, White in Ash- 
land, Ala, 128 


Mr. and Mre. William L. McCal- 
ley, Jr., have returned to the city, 
having spent last wek in Tallahas- 
see, Fla. 

666 

Mrs. Thaddeus H. Blackstock will 
leave the middle of January fer an 
extended trip to California, where 
she will study voice under Maestro 
William Tyroler, who is director of 
the Los Angeles opera school. 

een 


Mr. and Mrs. O. E. Ross have re- 
turned to their home in Spartan- 
burg. S. C., after having been the 
guests for a week of Mr, and Mrs. 
John H. Ramsaur, in Decatur. 

* * 


Mr. and Mrs. William Wynne 
Jones announce the birth of a 
daughter at their home in Home- 
stead. Fla. Mrs, Jones, formerly 
Mrs. Laura Burckel McDowell, was 
well known in Atlanta, 


Mr. and Mrs, Esmonde Falvey and 
little son, Thomas, motored to New- 
nan yesterday, to spend several days 
with Mr. and Mrs. Berryman Thomp- 
son, 

see 

Thomas R. Harmon 1s — 
several days in Jacksonville an 
Miami, Fla., on business. 


— 


Program of Drama League 
Meeting Most Interesting 


On Tuesday afternoon, at Egles- 
ton hall, was held the January meet- 
ing of the Atlanta Center of the 
Drama League of America. The meet- 
ing was called to order by the presi- 
dent, Mrs. Emma Garrett Boyd. 

Robert Moore, treasurer of the 
league, read from Jerome K. Jerome's 
little skits on stage characters in 
“Stageland.” 

Then followed the reading of two 

lays of Harold Chapin. Mrs. Jonn 
T. North read the first of these, Its 
the Poor as Elps the Poor,” which 
alternated with heartwringing epi- 
sodes and touches of delightful humor. 
This was read by Mrs. North in her 
own inimitable way. Mrs. North's 
characterization of the grandmother 
in “EXverybody’s Husband,’ recently 
produced by the Drama league, was 
declared to be one of the best things 


was made by Mrs. 
Mrs. Thornton Marye and Charles 
Loridans, who read the different parts 
in “Innocent and Annabel,” also by 
Chapin, as a reading rehearsal. This 
is a bubbling comedy in which Anna- 
bel attempts to and capture 
an tmagined affinity in the person of 
a popular Se 
: New Program Announced. 

On. Friday, January 20, the Drama 
league will present, at Kgleston hall, 


ue and beautiful entertain- | 


the most artistic things now being 
done on the concert platferm. They 
bring with them a quantity of native 
properties, costumes and settings, and 
present a varied program of songs, 
dances and plays. Sad 

The league presents this as fts first 
artist offering for the season, and a 
lecture of Dhan Go Mukerji, orig- 


inally announced January has 
been necessarily postponed until 


| March 


Other events planned are as fol- 
lows: 


Andrews’ “The Colors,” by Mrs. Fred 
White. 

March 7—Lecture by Dhan Gopal 
Mukerji. 

March 21—Reading of “The Wan- 
dering Jew,” by Mrd. Merrill Hutche- 
son. 

Meetings of the league are held in 
Egleston hall and begin at 3:15 
o'clock. The dues are $2 per year. 
The lecture by Mr. Mukerji and the 
Japanese program of the Ongawas are 
extra. embership is open to the 
public. 

The officers are Mrs. Emma Garrett 
Boyd, president; Robert Moore, treas- 
urer; Cyril Smith, secretary; Mrs. 
John Morris, Jr., chairman program 
committee. 


Musical Program at 
Old Ladies’ Home. 


A musical program was rendered 


at the Home for Old Ladies Thursday 
g. December 29, Miss Ida 

Mae Lowrey, Erle and 

ton, assisted by Messers. Clare and 

Huddleston. 


| AMLL’S” 


lege Park at 5 o'clock, Rev. 


Miss Shepard 
Becomes Bride 
Of Mr. Butler 


The marriage of Miss Maie Shepard 
te James Blackman Butler, of Camil- 
la, took place yesterday afternoon at 
the First Presbyterian church in Col- 
L.. 
Stokes officiating. a 
Palms and ferns banked the chan- 
cel and floor baskets of white ivory 


held narcissi. 
Miss Danie Key Marshall, of Ca- 


was lovely in a smart tailored 
0 ue W Collar an 
with a blue hat trimmed in 


informal reception followed at 


the home of the bride’s sister and 
ate 8 7 William Watson — 

ylor, at est Cambridge ay 
nue, in College Park. 71 

Pink and white carnations combined 
with ferns filled the vases and baskets 
on the mantels and tables. 3 


sik 7 
eee 


the guests were Mrs. est 
— Frank Taylor and Mrs. W 8 


Or. J f 
. and Mrs. Butler left for Florida 


afterward will reside in Camilla. 


Among the out-of-town guests pres- 
ent were Mr. and Mrs. Frank ye 
lor, of Albany; Mr. and Mrs, B. K. 
Marshall, of Pelham; Miss Danie Key 
Marshall, of Pelham; Miss Marion 

Butler and John Butler, of Camilla. 


2 me 


he bd ed bs et 


to be expected. 


anese printed designs. 


400—Rich’s 
36 


—No. 
ished longcloth, 
yards to the bolt. 
bolt. 
No. 500—Rich’s 
yards to the bolt. 
bolt . 


No. 600—Rich’s 
yards to the bolt. 
DOM « . 
No. 
ished longeloth, 36 
yards to the bolt. 


special 
inches wide, 


special 
ished longcloth, 36 inches 
January Sale price, 


special 
ished longcloth, 36 inches 
January Sale price, 

9 


6 „ „% „„ „% „„ „„ 6 6% „„ „„ „„ 1.8 


700— ich's special 

inches wide, 
January Sale price. 
bolt . dee een 


Great Values in January Sale of 


Linens a White Good 


Moderation in price and irreproachable value are the two aims of 
the January Sale of Linens and White Goods. 
—Because our buyer was unceasing in his efforts to take advantage 
of every decrease in tha market, and because every yard of linen and 
white goods in the Sale is absolutely up to Rich’s standard of quality, 
the January Sale is and will continue a huge success. 
—People are daily marveling over the unusual values, and the far- 
sighted are buying for future as well as present needs. 

—These three specials in table cloths are good examples of what is 


To $12.50 Linen Table Cloths, $5 


—78 pure linen damask table cloths, in beautiful designs. 
or square tables, Sizes 2x2 yards. Worth from $8.50 to $12.50. 


$6 to $8.50 Table Cloths, $3.50 


Extra special! 150 hemstitched and scalloped table cloths of union linen 
and fine cotton damask. Designs for round, square and oblong tables. 


$6 Breakfast Cloths, $2.98 


— 125 breakfast cloths of fine hemstitched cotton, with fast color blue Jap- 
Size 72x72 inches. 


Longcloths and Nainsooæs 


800—Rich’s 
ished longcloth, 36 
yards to the bolt. 


soft-fin- — No. 


10 


1. bolt . 
soft-fin- — No. 


wide, 10 


$1.59 
soft-fin- 
wide, 10 


— No, 


bolt . 


fin- No. 


10 


soft 


bolt . 


900—Rich’s 
ished longcloth, 40 
yards to the bolt. 


444—Rich’s 
ished nainsook, 36 
yards to the bolt, 


555—Rich’s 
ished nainsook, 36 inches wide, 
yards to the bolt. 


i 


Suitable for round 


special soft-fin- 
inches wide, 10 
January Sale ü 


special soft fin- 
inches wide, 10 
January Sale price, 


special soft-fin- 
inches wide, 10 
January Sale price, 
K. „„ 
soft-fin- 
10 N 
January Sale = 


„„ „% „% % „ „% „% „ „% „ „ „ ee? 2. 


special 


and large designs. 


— Worth $2.89. 


Pongee, 81 


Eponette, $1.49 


eponette. 


white. 


— Worth $3. 
Jersey for underwear. 


La Jerz, $1.49 
—Worth $2.50. 


all street and evening shade 


36 inches wide. 
Street and evening shades. Navy, 
brown, lack, white, rose, pink, etc. 


Worth $2. 33-inch, light weight 
tub silk. White, pink and flesh. For 
dresses, men's shirts, “etc. 


—Worth $3.50. -40-inch Mallinson 
A heavy rough pongee in 
sports shades and dark colors, also 


Glove Silk Jersey, $1 


36-inch Glove Silk 
Pink, flesh, 
Nile, black, grey, orchjg-and rose. 


36-inch silk La 
Jerz. Launders beautifully. Pink, 
flesh and white. Very good quality. 


Special in the January Sale! 


Beautiful Silks, 93c Yd. 


—Silks of quality at real savings! But over and above the excep- 
tionally low prices quoted is the beauty of the materials. The colors 
are a joy to behold. Of the season’s best, and in shades that spring 
and summer fashions will smile upon. 
—40-inch heavy crepe chiffon; 40-inch heavy Georgette crepe in 
S; 40-inch printed Georgettes in small 


/ 


A Brief List of Other Silks 


Chiffon Taffeta, $1.19 
—Worth $2. Black chiffon taffeta. 


You will find this an unusual qual- 
ity. Every yard is guaranteed. 


Duchess Satin, $1.39 


taffeta. 


brown. 


ba. 


For sports, 
dresses. 


taffeta. In 


Taffeta, $2.69 


—Worth $4.50. 36-inch puppy skin 
The name in the selvedge 
shows it is genuine. 


Baronette, $1.95 


—Worth $4. 
heavy with a bright, lustrous finish. 


Foulard, $1.49 


—Worth $3.50. 40-inch foulard in 
small and large designs. 
brown and black grounds. 


Printed Radiums, $1.69 


Worth $4. 40-inch printed radium 
in small and large foulard designs. 
The colors are very pretty. 


Chiffon Taffeta, $1.29 
Worth $2. 36-inch colored chiffon 


taupe, rose and pink. 


Canton Crepe, $1.69 
—Worth $4. 
Canton crepe. Colored grounds with 
small and large figures. 


6 


* 
b 
Navy, black, 


40 inches wide. Very 


eveni and street 


Navy, 


navy, brown, black, 


40-inch heavy silk 


——_ 


2 by is so much written every-. — 1 It. 
ade where about the way for women to Men ought to make just as much 
| keep their husbands’ love and so lit. Sem. but te werd is so constituted 
due, comparatively, about the way | socially and economically that most 
dior a man to keep his wife's love? | of them don’t have to. 
Should women have to do all the —_ 1 not, 5 the — — 
* 7 ’ . = #9 ice an ance, mean 
ia men n 2 woman’s life than it does in a 
as. © The above is a quotation from a | man’s. But as the world is consti- 
letter from a letter friend. = sg it does (I 2 8 of course, of 
ae the average case). 
chee inne pondered over it there came | ehe, world is man's heart, but a 
2 nto my mind, strangely enough, an- | woman’s heart is her world.” I 
ee = other letter. It had nothing at all | quote from memory and under cor- 
3 to do with husbands and wives, this | rection, but you get the idea. 
Second letter; it was just a little It has been often said that the hap- | 
Bol chatty letter in the course of which | piest marriages are those where the 
the writer told of listening, while | men care the most. Why? use 
ella she wrote to her husband and her | women are apt to care too much, and 
Yea G-year-old daughter talking in the | that way makes sure that there shall 
nuf nent room. be a better balance. 
25 “It Ought to Be, But It Isn't.“ There May Come a Change. 
© 7 The daughter is a very good spell - It may be that as the years go by 
re er for her age and her father was | and women’s lives are enriched by 
5 giving her words to spell. freedom from the more mechanical 
8 “Spell face,” he said. of domestic duties and her growing 
ee She spelled it correctly. shares in the activities outside the 
pas “Fine. Now spell thought.” home, the balance may become more 
ea “Thot,” she spelt. even. I hope so. But I do not think 
5 “No, Molly. It ought to be that | the change will come in a hurry. 
8; 9. way but it isn’t.” In the meantime, things are as 
„ And then the mother comments: | they are and the best way to get 
es “Dear little Molly, how many things | happiness out of them is to face them 
4 oe she is going to find are like that— | and then make up your mind either 
2 they ought to be this or that way, | to make your husband’s love a less 
ae but they aren't.“ vital part of your life or to be will- 
‘rs I suppose you see now why I | ing to put yourself out to retain it. 
— thought of this letter which said noth- N 
mo ing about why more is written as to Tomorrow—A Wise Woman. 
In; * 
Wational Art Authorit 
that ational Art Authority 
a Brings Popular Message 
With a message of equal interest ; knows the art museums from Liver- 
to men as to women, Mrs. Rose V. S. | pool to Athens. She has had lectures 
Berry, chairman of the department of | with the best authorities upon art his- 
fine arts, General Federation of | tory and art apprecitaion, and for 
Women’s Clubs, comes to Atlanta | years has been considered an author- 
f Thursday afternoon for a three-day | ity upon artistic standards and ex- 
7 visit. Equally, too, her message will | cellence. 
1 be to those who are appreciative of As an art lecturer she has filled a 
“PA art for itself, and those whose in- | unique place between the painter and 
terest in it has mainly a civic source | the public. Insisting that interest 
—the promotion of the cause of art | and an understanding is the first 
and of the things of art for the cul- | necessary step for the layman, Mrs. 
tural growth of the city and for the | Berry places the work in the epoch 
2 beautifying of it. Cont bas produced it, with the sense 
N It is one of Mrs. Berry’s strongest | that the painter has an opportunity 
| qualifications as a lecturer on art | Of being approached without the idea 
89 topics, that she can bring the lay | that his picture must, in the imagina- 
ey public invariably to liberality of view- | tion of the observer, be placed on some 
ré point with regard to the work of the certain wall belonging to him, and 


q Mrs. Berry’s first appearance wil 


7, * 


tue wife keeping her husband's love 


there left to perish because it does not 
harmonize with the surroundings. 

Mrs. Berry insists that the message 
of the artist is his, to interpret, his 
to express, his to portray. The lay-. 
man’s likes and dislikes. cannot. and 
should not influence any creative state- 
ment of an artist. But every artistic 
statement, which the layman can 
bring himself to understand, has en- 
riched his viewpoint, his sense of the 
beautiful, his imagination and his own 
power to respond to the aesthetic ap- 
peal in such measure that it is of 
inestimable value. 

As chairman of the fine arts depart- 
ment of the General Federation of 
Women’s Clubs, Mrs. Berry has just 
completed a tour of twelve states, in- 
cluding all those of the central and 
northwest. She has addressed wom- 
en’s clubs and art associations and 
small lay groups with equal success. 


At San Francisco. 


artist. 

More than city-wide importance at- 
_taches also to her visit in that she 
comes under the auspices of the art 
division of the Georgia Federation of 
Women's Clubs. Mrs. Ulric S. Atkin- 
son, chairman of that division, is mak- 
ing the plans for her official sched- 
ule in Atlanta. Mrs. J. E. Hays, of 
Montezuma, president of the State 
Federation, will come to Atlanta to at- 
tend the several meetings and func- 
tions planned for Mrs. Berry, and the 
chairmen of art in the twelve district 
federations of Georgia are invited. 7 


At City Federation Meet. 


be as the principal spéaker at the 
meeting of the City Federation of 
Women’s Clubs Thursday at Steinway 

hall, Philips & Crew’s. 
Mrs. Albert Thornton, president, 
8 has called the regular meeting for 


ree clock. . Berry pen ; 
263 30, and 23 Hi A gales — Mrs. Berry came into prominence 
‘ <gnother event b t. significance—a as an art lecturer when she was ap- 


pointed one of the three official lec- 
turers of the Panama Pacifie interna- 
tional exposition, where the largest 
collection of American art ever as- 
sembled was exhibited for sixteen 
months. Ten thousand dollar paint- 
ings and sculptures were in the cata- 
log of that exhibition. Twelve mil- 
lion peoplé were shown through the 
120 rooms of the Palace of Fine Arts. 
It was there that the artists discover- 
ed that her message was peculiarly 
appropriate and timely. While the 
public went in crowds to listen to her 
interpretative talks, artists like Ed- 
ward Redfield, Jonas Lie, Prince 
Troubetzkoy, Frank Duveneck, Wil- 
liam Merritt Chase and museym direc- 
tors from ‘all over the United States 
jointed in saying that the work of 
Mrs. Berry was extraordinary, in that 
it won the public to liberality of view- 
point, and at last an appreciation of 
the artist’s work evem through it 
might have been an extreme state- 
ment—both in color, treatment and 
subject matter. 


American Legion 
Auxiliary Meeting. 


The regular monthly business 
meeting of the American Legion aux- 
iliary will be held Friday evening, 
January 13, at 8 o’clock p, m., in the 


Sunday schoolroom of the Central 
Congregational church. A large at- 
tendance is desired, as two amend- 
ments to the constitution will be voted 
upon at this meeting. 


reception by the City Federation to 
the Atlanta Art association and the 
Atlanta chapter Red Cross, when the , 
entire company will view the pictures 
of the distinguished delineator of child 
life, Anne Milo Upchurch, who will 
herself, show ‘her paintings of child- 
life in Europe, which were her con- 
tribution to the work of the Red Cross 
in the war-devastated countries of Eu- 
rope. 
Forum Luncheon. 


For Friday Mrs. Atkinson has an- 
nounced a forum luncheon at 12:30 
o’clock at the Capital City club. The 
City Federation, Assocition of 
Architects, city planning commission 
and all organizations and individuals 
interested in promotion of the city’s 
art interests are invited. Subscrip- 
tions are $2 a plate and reservations 
may be made by phone with Mrs. 
— or the management of the 
club. 

On Friday evening there will be a 
= meeting at Cable hall, of which 

rs. B. M. Boykin and Mrs. Murray 
Hubbard have been asked to act as 
general chairmen. 

To this, students, teachers and 
school children as well as all interest- 
ed in art matters are specially invited. 
* On Saturday Mrs. Berry will be 
Bae the guest¥of Mrs. Marvin Underwood 
BS: at a small luncheon and she will visit 
Mrs. Underwood during her stay in 
the city. Other plans are being made 
for her entertainment. 

Mrs. Berry's Authority. 
a Mrs. Berry has spent seven years 
* in study and travel in Europe. She 


~ NERVOUS AND 
Ml F-SICK WOMEN 


These Letters Recommending Lydia E. Pink- 
bam Vegetable Compound will Interest You 


For Your Own Good 
Obio—“Last fall I 


~_ 


8 ele 
mare * 1 


rtisement in the 

atcha | Share nemcm i 
8 e 

— ve — ever since 


1 


g 


15 


1 


5 


l 


PE 


BE 


f 


ot 


8 
* 


A 


“Vig page 49 
„ 


e 
* . - 
8 . 
eT Ee ö 


27 


To sneeze in any public place is as 
rude as it is insanitary. Some people 
seem to think that sneezing cannot be 
prevented, but it is always possible to 
check it by putting the hand on the 
upper lip, closing the mouth firmly un- 
til the threatened paroxysm is averted. 


If it should happen to come too sud- 
denly for checking, at least the head 
should be turned away. from others and 
the hand placed over the mouth. 

The writer was edified in more ways 
than one by an eminent Oxford don 
who was delivering lectures on the 
Crusades while he was suffering from 
a violent and “sneezy” cold. Each 
time a sneeze was threatened, he paus- 
ed a moment, and merely by the ac- 
tion of muscles in the upper lip, check- 
ed the outburst quietly. It is a clever 
and a courteous trick which anybody 
might acquire after a little practice. 
(Copyright, 1992. * The Constitu- 

tion. . 


Mrs. Davis 8 
On World Work 
Of the V. W. C. A. 


Mrs. Archibald H. Davis, presi- 
dent of the local T. W. C. A., spoke 
to the body’s church membership com- 


mittee at the I. W., Peachtree Ar- 
cade, Monday noon, on the world- 
wide work being done today by the 
national Y. W. C. A., with New York 
headquarters. Mrs. Davis said that 
the national Y. W. C. A. is now work- 
ing in thirty different countries and 
that in each separate country the pro- 
gram of work is so outlined as to 
meet the distinct needs of the girls 
and women in that country. That 
in France their outstanding work has 
been the opening of rest huts in war 
cemeteries for the comfort of fami- 
lies from other countries when they 
visit the graves of their soldier dead. 

In Poland, the Y. W. work is being 
done by Polish women, who are Amer- 
ican born and have been educated and 
trained by the national Y. W. C. A 
to carry on the association’s work 
in their mother country. In Ruma- 
nia, the Y. W. work was organized 
at the request of the queen of that 
country, and that in Russia when 
Americans were asked to evacuate the 
country, the T. W. secretaries left 
the work that is being done there 
today in the care of Russian girls, 


who had been previously trained by 


the T. W. secretaries for such serv- 
ice. The secretaries for Russia are 
working among the Russian refugees 
and will return to that country when 


it is again open to Americans. That 


in the Near East, despite the hos- 
tility existing among the peoples, the 
national Y. W. C. is working 
among all girls and women regardless 
of creed. In China, Japan and India, 
the association work is being done, 
the work in India having been öpen- 
ed twenty-seven years ago. Mrs. Da- 
vis stated that the latest association 


| to be opened by the national body 


is in Mexico and that the work from 
year to year will be carried on in all 
countries. 

tas Ernest C. Kontz is chairman 
of the local T. W. membership com- 
mittee and has a subchairman in ev- 
ery church in Atlanta, whose duty 
it is to secure members for the Y. 
W. C. A. from the different churches. 
Other speakers on Y. W. work will 
follow Mrs. Davis at later dates in 
order that the members may know the 
complete program of the local as well 
as national association and tell it 
to their church groups. 


Mrs. Tumlin 
Is Honored. 


Mrs. Henrg Tumlin, of Cartersville, 
who is visiting her daughter, Mrs. 
Chauncey C. Chamberlin, was honor 
guest at the luncheon given yesterday 
by Mrs. W. W. Austell at her home 
on Austell way. 

The lace-covered table was adorned 
with a silver vase filled with pink 
roses. Surrounding this were silver 
candlesticks holding unshaded pink 
tapers. 

Mrs. Austell was gowned in gray 
georgette crepe. 

Covers were placed for Mrs. Tum- 
lin, Mrs. Guy B. Ayer. Mrs. Chaun- 
cey Chamberlin, Mrs. B. C. Ragsdale, 
Mrs. B. R. Padgett, Sr., Mrs. Frank 
Wilson, Mrs. Bolling, Mrs. Austell 
and others. 


College Dance 
At Garber Hall. 


There will be a dance at Garber 
hall Friday night, January 13, from 
9:30 to 10 o'clock, and Saturday 
night, January 14, from 9:30 to 12 
o'clock, for the college and social set. 

Earl Fuller’s famous New York or- 
chestra, the special attraction this 
week at the Metropolitan theater, will 
furnish the music. 


0 — “ ; 5. 
Wes oh: : A1 3 Tix 4 
Mo Perey r r 1 3 F 3 yale’ 
ae mi ie IE a CAT „ 3 care Booty cian ee a A pote * 2 
Phe Px Ss : ON a wen, te Oke ees „ spe : * oat} . * . N — 3 
E lin ve Tyr w en Re Ap aed 35 ees ORS Whe be n a ale 2 * Sg A See 58 Ries pee hs 3 seh 9 3 ; 
we ie 1 n — ; 
* * 
* * 
g By Helen Deeie 
— — 


| Who's Who in the Story. 


Jeanne Dare, known in the tittle 
lowa town whence she came as plain 
Dare, has set herself up in New 


Richard Canby; well-known man- 
about-town. Canby invites Jeunne 
to a er er with 

Mrs. Adele Parkinson, a widow and 
former flame of his. At dinner she 
meets 

Vic Barstowe, heir to the reputed 
millions, whe shows signs of infatua- 
tion with her. 

Signor Bonnicetti, a famous viviin- 
ist, asks only to serve Jeanne, and she 
uses him as a drawing card to her tea 
party. 

Adele foils Victor Barstowe's at- 
tempt te linger for a tete-a-tete with 
Jeanne. 

As Jeanne is starting for a dinner 
engagement, Henry Harrison tele- 
phones. 

He informs Jeanne that he can bor- 
row nothing on her worthless land. 

Selby North, gossiping, elderly 
bachelor, tells Jeanne of Barstowe's 
many flirtations. 

Harrison comes to breakfast to ar- 
range for the transfer of property, 
and meets Adele Parkinson, to whom 
Jeanne presents him as a business ac- 


’ quaintance. 


Canby offers a “market tip” as a 
means for Jeanne to make some 
money, 

She 
she drives to 


arranges the party ‘so that 
the Forbes’ in Bar- 


stowe’s car and Jeanne goes ahead, 


with a man named farnham. 

At the dance that night Jeanne 
using indifference to bait Barstowe, 
succeeds in angering him. 

She learns that Vera is a formida- 
ble rival, being a lifelong acquaint- 
ance much favor by Barstowe’s 
family because ef her blue-blooded an- 
cestry. 


Installment No. 23. 


EASY | 
MONEY. 


‘Canby drove Jeanne and Adele 
Parkinson back to town the follow- 
ing morning. Jeanne, for the mo- 
ment, no longer, cared what the 
Forbes’ house party thought about 
Canby’s intent in her, or hers in 
him. She had slept badly, wonder- 
ing through the long hours of the 
night, what use Vera Dayton had 
made of her long drive with Victor 
Barstowe in his curious frame of 
mind. 

They dropped Adele at her hair- 
dresser’s, uptown, but Canby suggest- 
ed that Jeanne ride down to his of- 
fice with him. 

“I may have some good news for 
you,” he said significantly. 

She knew that he referred to the 
investment he had made for her just 
previous to their departure for the 
Forbes’ and, after a moment’s hesi- 
tancy, she agreed. 

It was close to the noon hour, 
and Wall street was teeming with hu- 
manity hurrying lunchward. Great 
gusts of wind, chill from the Bat- 
tery, that sweep eternally through 
that canyon-like street, whirled bits 
of * go across the sidewalks and 
huried dust and debris into the tense 
faces of the pedestrians, who sank 
deeper into upturned coat collars and 


raced before the jamming traffic. 


Secure behind the plate glass of 


Canby's car, with the electric heater 


at her feet, and fur wrap carelessly 
open at her bare throat, Jeanne 
watched the crowds idly. 

She might well have been one of 
those nondescriptly-clad girls hurry- 
ing through the cold wind to the 
steaming mediocrity of a cafeteria. 
As Jane Dare, the primary grade 
school teacher, she had breathed wind 
and snow in the streets of a little 
Iowa to with the same hopeless 
defiance, nat so very long ago. 

Canby escorted her to his office on 
the twenty-second floor of one of the 
tall buildings. She was impressed by 
the .sumptuousness of the suite, 
amused by the fawning subservience 
of his employees as he made his ma- 
jestic way to his own private office. 

“Will you wait in here please!“ 
he said to Jeanne, opening a door into 
an anteroom. “It is a private wait- 
ing room for my most confidentail cli- 
ents. You will find books and maga- 
zines. I wont detain you long.” 

Murmuring a “thank you,” she en- 
tered a charmingly sunny little apart- 
ment exquisitely done after the man- 
ner of a wealthy man’s den. There 
were Oriental rugs and tapestries, ex- 
uisite pieces of mahogany, a bit of 

loisonne, one or two excellent paint- 
ings, and book cases filled with de 
luxe volumes reaching the top of the 
heavy, dark, wood panelling. She 
even noted with surprise that a low 
Vehetian glass bowl on the table 
was filled with fresh blossoms. 

“Business is not so bad if you can 
do it like this!” she thought, drop- 
ping luxuriously into a big easy chair, 
and picking up a magazine at random 
from à tabouret. ee 

True to his .word, Canby entered 
in a few minutes, closing the door 
carefully behind him. He e 
over to her and laid a slip of paper 


in her lap. 
What did 


“Your spoils, my dear. 
I tell you?“ N 
She picked up the paper and gasped. 
It was a ck made out to her 
and the amount fatrly staggered her. 
She raised incredulous eyes. 


“You don’t—you can’t mean 


at 


_ STEWART'S Si. 


Special Sale Women’s Boot’ 
Today, Thursday and Friday 


) 


We offer 1,000 pairs of the season’s best styles in 
High Boots shown in Brown and Black Kid, Tan 
and Black Calf with Militaty heels, at $3.95 


Greatest 


1 * 


I've ge all that money in these few 


e nodded, but laughed. 

You don’t think Time’s any fac- 
tor in the, street, do you? It’s a 
bromide to/remind you that fortunes 
are made And lost in the revolutions 
of the minute band on your wrist- 
watch.“ b 

Mine never revolves,“ murmured 
Jeanne, feeling in th moment of ex- 
net, the need to say something 

y. 

Canby picked up her hand, and 
gazed critically at the bauble on her 
wrist. 

“That so? Well, we'll have to see 
if we can’t get you a decent watch. 
Something with a few good diamonds.” 

Jeanne drew her arm away quickly, 
and gave him a quick glance, but his 
face was impassive. 


Canby had always seemed to .under- 
stand that she wouldn’t accept gifts. 
She wondered if he could have for- 
gotten for a momen<¢, 

“I’m ever and ever so grateful for 
this,” she held up the check. “You 
were a perfect dear to do it for me! 
And I was never.so excited! I want 
to try again.“ 

He laughed indulgently. 

“Beginner’s luck! You think you’re 
going to break the market right away, 
don’t you? It's the gambler’s instinct, 
born in every one of us, which that 
bit of paper has just awakened. You'll 
never get the desire out of your blood 
again.“ 

She shuddered as she slipped the 
check into her handbag. 

“You make me feel creepy! As if I 
were being doomed, somehow.” 

He smiled curiously. 

“It’s not an unusual fate. Many 
have felt as you do—and their end—” 
he made a vague gesture with his 
hand. 

“Are you warning me against 
gambling, when it was you who urged 
me to try it?“ Jeanne demanded, 

He shook his head. 

“I’m only warning you to stick to 
me. Let me play the game for you.” 

There was something significant 
in his words, Jeanne felt, but his face 
gave no key to their interpretation. 

“I shall—gladly,” she answered, 
holding out-her hand. “Thank you 
again and good-bye. I won’t detain 
you by staying any longer.“ 

He accompanied her to the elevator, 
waiting until the car arrived to dear 
her downavard. On the way through 
his offices, Jeanne had noted a num- 
ber of smartly turned out people wait- 
ing patiently to see him, lifting re- 


| spectful eyes as he passed through 
She felt a thrill at the. 


with her. 
financial power of the men, just as 
she felt when she saw the great fur 
coat, and the limousine and the other 
visible signs of. his wealth. 

Canby’s car waited at the entrance 
to the building to bear her uptown. 
The chauffeur assisted her in, tucked 
the robe about her feet and closed 
the door upon the rose-scented warmth, 

As the car made its way up Broad- 
way, Jeanne leaned back with a sigh. 
How she loved all this luxury chat 
money bought! How she wished the 
car were hers and that it were bear- 
ing her to a big house uptown on the 
avenue facing the park! She could 
close her eyes and visualize the core 
rect butler who would open the door 
for her, and the chic French maid who 
would be waiting to divest her of a 
sable wrap. 

Dreams! Idle but pleasant fancies! 
Uanby was not a marrying man! But 
Victor Barstowe—— 

Jeanne wondered suddenly if she 
would ever hear from him again. Or 
had Vera Dayton succeeded in getting 
him away from her forever! Had he 
been only flirting after all, dashing 
impetuously on after a chance pretty 
face? Or had he meant the things 
he said and looked in the few brief 
times she had been alone with him? 

At the hotel, where Canby’s car 
dropped her, she found that much mail 
had accumulated in her absence. A 
large quantity of it consisted of bills; 
but, secure in the knowledge of the 
check that lay in her bag, she glanced 
them over lightly before she put them 
in the cabinet with the others. 
The last enevelope bore the hotel 
letterhead, and contained a slip from 
the telephone desk. 

“Mr. Barstowe called three times 
this morning. Will call again at 3.” 


(Copyright, 1922, for The Constitu- 
6 


ion.) 
Another fine installment of this 
story tomorrow. 


Knights of St. Philip 


Resume Dances. 

Thursday evening, January 12, the 
Knights of St. Philip's will resume 
their regular dances. 

The Knights will entertain their 
members and friends with an informal 
dance at their clubrooms, 116 Mast 
Hunter street. 

An excellent orchestra will render 
the music for the evening. Dancing 
from 9 to 12 o'clock. Admission by 
ecard only. ; 


Theater Party 
For Miss Wills. 


Dr, Fred Curtis gave 4 theater 
rty Tuesday evening in honor of 
iss Lillian Wills, of Lynchburg, the 
guest of Mrs. Franklin S8. Chalmers. 


that 


— 


Be 


a 


* 


* 


‘ 


- 2 — < N * a * me 3 

. r V 
. D l 
e enen a ba 

2 ae on ALA 4 ; * ¥ 

3 e N 8 3 
ee are . — * 5 * 


A POPULAK DRESS STYLE FOR 
THE GROWING GIRL. 


Pattern 3506 is shown in this illus- 
tration. It is cut in 4 sizes: 6, 3, 10 
and 12 years. An 8-year size will re- 
quire 1 5-8 yard of 36-inch material 
for the guimpe, and 2 1-2 yards for 
the dress. 

The guimpe may be gf silk, crepe, 
lawn, batiste or voile, the dress of 
gingham, chambrey, percale, drill, pop- 
lin, pongee or repp, or of serge plaid 
suiting or velveteen. 

A pattern of this illustration mail- 
ed to any address on receipt of 10c 
in silver or stamps. 


In ordering patterns write name and 
address plainly on a sheet of paper. 
Order by number and inclose price 
in silver or stamps. Do not mail let- 
ter to The Constitution, but send it, 
carefully addressed, to Beauty Pat- 
tern company, 1188-90, Fulton street, 
Brooklyn, N. T. Dept. C. O. N. 


At this season and for several 
months to come, one of the most com- 
aints that I hear is about 

ds and chapped lips. The 
— * lips can be avoided in win- 
ter by using a lip stick of white cold 
cream which comes sp y for the 
purpose and which, since it contains 
no coloring, is not “make-up” and 
therefore can be used by any one. 

But chapped hands are more diffi- 
cult, because a grease cannot be used 


Here’s a lotion to keep the skin 
smooth. 


on them during the day. and at night 
only if you wear special gloves to keep 
the oil from staining the bed linen. 


| honey-almond lotion is invaluable 
cause it is absorbed into the 

softens and nourishes it and, 

dentally, bleaches it white, yet 
tains no grease at all. 

It is a little bit difficult to 
that is, the almonds contained 
must be. blanched and then 
up into a paste. But if you cag 
this you will not have a bit of 
ficulty in making this lotion for 


* 


self. It is as follows: P 
Quince seed ........ 1-3 ou 
Cold water °.. «cen: caedd 
Steep this for 12 hours, 


through a cloth or a fine 
without pressure. Then take 


Sweet almonds ...... 2 
These are blanched (shells, 
moved before they are weig 


bruised and pounded fine. Then 
— milky substance thus pro 
a 


e 1 ounte 
ö D grai 
Oil of bitter almonds. . 4 dro 
Pure honey ......... 1-2 oun 


Strain and keep in a bottle. © 


Fanny: White spots on the 
are not a disfigurement. ' They e 
be removed, if you wish, by coveri 
the nail with a paste made of 
parts of turpentine and myrrh. 
ean be used at night and removed 
the morning with olive oil. 

Anxious: To cure nits in the 
first soak the hair and sealp 
kerosene and tie up all night. 
poo and dry, soak the head in vi 
gar and comb with a fine tooth co 
until all the eggs have been co 
out. After that there will be no 
trouble. 

Tomorrow—A _ Beauty Chat 
Men. 


All inquiries addressed to M 
Forbes in care of the “Beauty 
department will be answered in 
columns in their turn. This requi 
considerable time, however, owi 
the great number received. So 
personal or quicker reply is d 
a stamped and self-addressed en 
ope must be inclosed with the 


Therefore, such a cosmetic as the: 


tion.—The Editor. 


* 


SCHOOL HUM 
STUDY PLAY. 
SPORTS WORK 


Copyright, 1922, Associated Editors 


‘Tue Boys ap Gia. NEWSPAPER 


The Biggest Little Paper in the World 


Edited by John K. Millar 


| COLD-BLOODED BOY || A FOWL PLAY 


In wintertime, my father says, 

The hardy Indian lad 5 
Just wears a pair of mocassins, 
And when the weather’s bad 

e adds some paint, or strings of 


8, 
Though snow drifts to his knees— 
And in my heavy coat and cap 
I sit around and freeze, 


In wintertime, my father says, 
The youthful eskimo — 
Finds ease and comfort in a house 
That's modelled out of snow; 
He pins a reindeer skin in front 
Against the Arctic breeze— 
While I, beside the register 
Just sit around and freeze. 


In wintertime, my father says, 
The boy of old — 

Lives in a house with paper w*lls— 
Imagine, if you can! 

8 — —— of —— heat 

Nor ranges, if zou please— 

And yet, inside these walls of brick 
I sit around and freeze. 


In wintertime, my father says, 
The boys who hunt and trap 
Live very well on frozen meat 
And never give a rap; 
And when they want to celebrate 
They feast on bread and cheese— 
While I eat bucketfuls of soup, 
And still I sit and freeze. 


It’s wintertime, my. father says, 
That gives us pep and such, 
And folks that live in torrid climes 

Can ne’er amount to much; 
T wish I lived uon an isle 

Amid the southern seas 
I'd rather be an Igorot 

Than sit around and freeze! 


— — 


BLOCKING THE SIDEWALK. | 

A group of girls, arm in arm, went 
walking along, forcing every one to 
step off the walk. Another grou 
stood on the 28 blocking traf- 
me 5 ill-b young people,” 
said an older women. Maybe they 
were only thoughtless, or haps they 
didn’t realize they were breaking one 


: 


FISHING THROUGH ICE 


“Wish it was summer and I could 
go fishing,“ said Ralph. 

Just because it is winter is no sign 
you can't go fishing,” said Mrs. Stan- 
ford. 

‘Who ever heard of going fishing in 
winter?” langhted Ralph. 

“Lots of people, Up in Eskimo-land 
that is the favorite sport.” 

“I think I’ve heard of ice fishing.” 

“Perhaps you have. Up in the ice 
country in the early spring many 
varieties of fish come to the shore 
from the deep water where they have 
wintered. At this time the Eskimo 
boys cut holes in the ice and spend 
many hours sitting beside them with 
their hooks and lines.” 

“What kind of poles do they use?“ 

“It’s a short pole to which is at- 
tached a line made of whalebone or 


| 
| 


1 


of the rules of “good manners.“ 


3 the quills of a large water 
0 


wl. This makes a strong, flexible 
line, Near the bottom of the line is a 
stone anchor and below this are the 
hooks. The hooks are set in ivory 
shanks. The shining shanks serve as 
lures. The line is kept in motion ail 
the time, and the fish are attracted by 
the moving ivory. They come closer 
to examine the flashing, shining thing, 
and then they are caught on the big 


» hooks. 
| “And then,” concluded Mrs. Stan- 
' ford, “the Eskimo family has fres 


fish for dinner.” 


TODAY’S PUZZLE. 


Each letter of a well-known saying 
has been numbered. Letters number- 
ed 17-9-15-21-14 spell a word that 
means the reproduction of something 
in minature; 3-19-6-8, the covering of 
an orange; 18-16-2-20-11, plural of 
something used on water; 4-13-7-12, 

iural of a small cask; 1-5-10, large. 

hat is the quotation? 

Answer to yesterday's: Ride, wide, 


_t wade, wale, walk. 


» 5 


ONE REEL YARNS 


THE HOUSE IN THE HOLLO 

The Hilary house lay in a little h 
low. In the summer it was a pre 
place, in the cup of the rolling bi 
but in the winter all the winds 
blew seemed to howl around it, 
when the snow flurries came the 
ed the hollow like whipped crea 
mixing bowl. 

One late January day the red 
was sinking when a traveler drove 
to the house. His mud-stainedy 


draggled clothes showed that he 
ridden fast and far. Mr. Hilary, 


prietor of Hilary house, put the 


eler’s tired horse in the barn, & 
Mrs. Hilary hurried to fix a hats 
per. 

“It’s a bad time to be out,” 
Mrs. Hilary hurried to fix a hot gs 
as she brought in one 3 
“It looks like snow. And it’s no 
either. My son just came up 
town and he was saying a ro 
broke out of jail there. You mi 
meet him on the road.” 

While she was speaking, Mr. 
came in. “You'll not get anywh 
this night,-stranger,” he said. 
snowing hard already.” 

In a few bours a blizzard was 
ing the house. The occupants 
just getting ready to go to bed 
the door was thrown open and 
other traveler burst in, almost bl 
ed by the snow. He had led his 
to the post outside, and Mr. Hil 
put the animal in the barn whilh 
traveler thawed himself out. - 

By morning the drifts were u 
the window sills and piling still high 
and by nightfall of that day the 
travelers realized that they wou} 
main at Hilary house for many day 

Time did not drag, however. 
and Mrs. Hilary and their son w 
jolly people and the house was 
and cheery. The two strangers 
to be fun-loving young men, and 
passed the time telling stories, play 
chess and enjoyed each other like 
chums. 

“I hate to see them go,” remar 
Mrs. Hilary, the day her hua 
managed to break a path to the m 
road and the two travelers left. 
guess they hate to leave each oth 
too. They got along so well.” 

“Mother,” called her son exci 
“when they came to the main 
they shook hands and one went no 
and the other south!“ 

What's so strange about that?’ 


sked., 
“One of them,” he said, “wal t 
new sheriff. Didn’t you know? 

other was that robber who esca 
from jail last week. I saw his 

ture on the reward posters. I won 
—if they both knew—” ry 


— 


Attractions at 
Home Economics 


Meeting Today. 

An additional attraction at the reg- 
ular monthly meeting of the home eco- 
nomics department, held at the At- 
lanta Woman's club Wednesday, will 
be the talk on the different kinds of 
thermometers used in the home. This 
talk will be given by an expert in con- 
nection with the demonstration given 
N the A. K. Hawkes company, one 
of the cook book advertisers, and th 
speaker will be introduced by Mrs. 

illiam Rawling, chairman of house- 
hold current events for the depart- 
ment. The oven thermometer spoken 
of in the cook book will be demon- 


d 


| 


strated, and one given as a prize, and 


the use of the thermometer in cand 
making will be explained. 

Mrs. Alonzo Richardson, national 
chairman of the division of citizen- 
—.— will give a talk of vital interest 
af — e home welfare, and the 
Howard theater, also a member of 
the “Cook Book Advertising Family,” 
will speak on Co-operation Between 
the Home and the Moving Picture 
Industry.” ~ | 

The 2 “Discovery Contest“ 
which has been found so ul a 
work of the department in sharin 
with the members the household ef- 
ficiency discoveries of other members, 
will be of added interest Wednesday, 
owing to the presentation as prizes by 
the Howard theater two “boxes” of 


* 


ts to select- 
od by the. performance 11 


Members are asked to bring their 
Atlanta Woman's elub cook books 


— 


ai + ic. . af een a, 1.1 8 > 
fe 175 e N By . ue os ee ee 
Pe Ce Seg FLEE OE 


with them to the meeting Wedn 
as they will be used for refer 
who have not secured th 
will find them on sale at the 
ng (in the my stores), 
se company, Davidson’s, Ri 
‘ards & Smith, Southern Book. co 
pany, Mrs. Grier’s tea room at 
street, Callender Drug compa 
Tenth street, Milton-Bradley toy 
and always at the Woman's club. 
yote will be taken Wednesday on 
most popular feature of the cook 
and a prize given to the persom 
sponsible for it. 


Methodist Church 


Circle to Meet. 4 
Nixon's circle of 


church 
Miss Hazel Kirk, 1651 Peachtree vo: 
Friday, January 13, at 3 o'clock, 


16 


a 
: 


vt. 
* 
a 

<4 


Sv 4 
it: 


K 


Mehind the suit for $250,000 brought. 
pretty Miss Helene Jesmer, for- 
tly of the Greenwich Village Fol- 
Mes,“ against Philip M. Plant, 19. 
old heir to the millions of Morton 
V. Plant, dead shipping magnate, is 
Helle ved to be a romance which in the 
es of the novelist violates every rule 
Of the game. 
boy the evening of November 
, Miss Jesmer’ was riding with 
Mung Plant, in the latter's auto- 
Wobile, from New Haven to New 
, when the car struck a tree on 
@eiiam Bay parkway. In the car 
> Wege four of Plant’s school 
ums. All were injured. 
Miss Jesmer, however, was the only 
e Seriously hurt. Her skull was 
4tactured, something which caused her 
physicians for many days to hold out 
no promise of recovery. Her jaw was 
roken. Her luxuriant hair was part- 
aa, Scalped from her head. Many of 
teeth were shattered. 
1 hilip Plant escaped with a broken 
dee which soon healed. 
1 She Denies Romance. 
everal days after the accident it 
, known that the young actress 
Weuld lire, but would never regain 
ieee lovable beauty that had made her, 
St 19, one of the most popular and 
momising of the younger stage 
women. 
nn social circles rumor. spread of 
te forthcoming marriage of Miks 
yeesmer and Plant. It had been known 
that the couple, friends from child- 
mod days in Seattle, had been seen 
frequently together at social functions 
m the preceding months. 
Whether the romance had pro- 
gressed beyond the budding stage or 
at the time of the automobile 
ca te strophe, what more fitting as a 
Wing chapter than proposal of mar- 
atze from the hero who was the unin- 
tentional cause of the heroine's cruel 
But the closing chapter was not 
Shaped according to the rules of the 
popular novelist. Sometimes—a great 
many times—a hero in real life has 1:t- 
tig in common with the hero in fiction. 
At any rate, on the day she left the 
New York hospital, in January of last 
Pear, Miss Jesmer denied that she and 
young Plant were engaged or had any 
tention of so becoming. 
Philip Sent to Europe. 

This announcement caused much 
ossip in view of the fact that the day 
‘evious had seen the sudden depar- 
ture for Europe of Philip Plant, un- 
de the watchful eye of his mother, 
‘Mrs: William Hayward, wife of the 


7 
8 


* 
1 


beginning to experience their terrible 
effects. 


One Eye Nearly Blind. 
She has become almost blind in one 
eye. Efforts of skilled surgeons have 


thus far failed to rebuild the cheek 
crushed in wy the a ‘cident. 

The question of whether 
ljant wished to marry Miss Jesmer be- 
fore her disfigurement is one that will 
figure prominently in the ~».ming hear- 
ing on the bill for damages. 

It is known that on the very day 
of the accident Miss Jesmer's father, 
in Seattle, received a letter from her 
in which she wrote: 

„He is the finest man I ever knew. 
but, daddy, somehow I don’t love him 
anv more. I don’t know why.” 

Did young Plant propose marriage 
to the girl who suffered so disastrous- 
| ly in the automobile he drove into a 


mt United States district attor- 
Interviews with Miss Jesmer quoted 
her as saying that she would find 
way back to the stage at an early 
late. Just when she became aware of 
he brutal fact that this was barred 
to her is not known. 
be went to Seattle and spent the 
n Ang spring and summer convales- 
ig at the home of her father, H. B. 
Nesmer, who for years had been, inci- 
dentally, a close friend of the boy’s 
; 5. 
e case at this point dropped from 
mblic view to spring into life again 
last Tuesday. when the filing of the 
lamage suit became known. 
At the same time it transpired 
Wat Miss Jesmer, far from having 
sanvered from her injuries, is just 


* oA : „ 
. 
n 


= * 5 

. * 
N — eee 
Ce * <x 
ov 5 „ 
‘ rea 5 * 

tee 

* — . 

4 
. 


Miss Helene Jesmer as she looked before the accident. 


smash-up? And was this proposal re- 


fused by the girl. whose pride forbade, 


possibly, aecepting what she might 
have otherwise considered? 

These questions point to another 
twist which the romance may have 
taken in the clgsing chapter that will 
remain hidden until the court pro- 


young { ceedings. . 


Miss Jesmer came to New York 
three years ago. After posing as a 
model, she appeared in the Hotel des 
Artistes as a dancer. A short en- 
gagement with Lubovska was followed 
by a contract with “The Greenwich 
Village Follies.” 

Plant’s father was Selden B. Man- 
waring. His mother obtained a di- 
vorce and was married to Morton F. 
Plant, millionaire shipping man, 
whese name the boy adopted. Follow- 
ing Plant’s death, Philip’s mother mar- 
ried Colonel Hayward, in June, 1919. 


Atlanta Music 
Club to Sponsor 
Popular Concert 


2 
; 


friends at a luncheon at the Pied- 
mont Driving «tub Tuesday. 

Pink roses combined with narcissi 
made a dainty centerpiece for the at- 
tractive table. Pink candles were 
used unshaded. 

Mrs. Case wore a smart dress of 
blue cloth. Her hat was of blue vel- 
vet. 
Mrs. Fearrington wore a gown of 
black Canton crepe, trimmed with 
black jet and sleeves of orange. 


The Atlanta Music club announces 
popular“ concert for Friday morn- 
ang, January 20, at one of the local 
hé@aters, when Nellie and Sara Kouns, 
hirror-voiced sopranos and concert 
tists of international reputation, 
will be the principals. 
a'“The Music club feels particularly 
feginnate,’*®said Miss Nan Stephens, 
ctor of concerts, yesterday, in 
ing able to present this extra event 
Such delightful promise. The 
Misses Kouns, who will appear at 
Sagurday matinee on the 21st, provid- 
one of the most unique concerts 
the Series Intime, have been able 
40 arrange an earlier arrival, and 
| sing at the Friday concert a- 
nore popular type of program than 
thir art selection for Saturday. 
„Beautiful women with exquisite 
dices, I believe their engagement will 
be one of the treats of the year.” 


Mrs. Underwood's 
Luncheon for Mrs. Berry. 


Mrs. Marvin Underwood will en- 
tertain at buffet luncheon Saturday 
at her home in compliment to Mrs. 
Rose V. S. Berry, of Berkeley, Cal., 
who will be her guest. 

Invited to meet Mrs. Berry are: 

Mrs. Samuel Inman, Mrs. J. K. 
Ottley, Mrs. Alonzo Richardson, Mrs. 
Albert Thornton, Mrs. Ulrie Atkinson, 
Mrs. Charles Jerome, Mrs. B. M. 
Boykin, Mrs. E. E. Pomeroy, Mrs. 
Hal Steel, Mrs. J. 8. Candler, Mrs. 
John Manget, Mrs. J. E. Hays, of 
Montezuma; Mrs. Charles J. Haden, 
Mrs, Theodore Hammond, Mrs, Victor 
Lamar Smita, Mrs. Emma Garrett 
Boyd. - 


Club M eeting 
On Thursday. 


The Business and Professional 
Woman’s club will meet Thursday eve- 
ning at 7:30 o'clock, at 15 West Alex- 
ander street. ‘ 


& 
’ 
19 
t) 


Pr. Fischer Entertains 
At Stag Dinner. 


Dr. L. C. Fisher gave a beautiful 
Hinner on Monday evening at the Geor- 
1 Terrace in honor of his asso- 
Mates on the staff of the Davis- 
Macher sanatorium. 
Dinner was served in the palm room 
the handsomely appointed table, 
the shape of a horseshoe, was 
fecorated with baskets of red and 
white carnations and roses. A com- 
many of one hundred enjoyed Dr. 
Weber's hospitality. 


Luncheon at Club 


‘or Mrs. Fearrington. 


» omplimenting Mrs. Thomas R. ) 
] re irrington, of Leland,Miss., who be- gram, beginning at 8:30 and contin- 


* » her marriage last October, was] uing until 11:30 o'clock. * 
Lis Mr. 
L 


| Dance at af 
Virginian Club. 


son will take place tonight at the 
Virginian clubrooms, Lee and Gordon 
streets, with Tom Laird, E. E. Church. 
Henry Jenkins and George Simons in 
charge. 

Clare’s orchestra has been engaged 
and will provide an up-to-date pro- 


Margaret Hallman, of Atlanta. Chaperons will include and 
C. C. Case entertained eight Mrs. Ben Atchison, Mr. and Mrs. 4. . 


This Will Help You Put On 
Pounds of Good Firm Flesh 


And Round Out Face And Fi If You Are Weak, 
pe NOs Emnctated Dos To Cane Explained Below’ 


11 „„ 
iGet a REE SI. 00 


packs ge of 
Faun east 
vi Tab- 


t every” 
Tron, who wiabee | 


It has been arra 


to p 
large regular $1.00 pa 


122 
which ae 
Penmaes Se Zee eSe4 


FREE 


One of the popular dances of the sea- | 


J , * 4 3 25 5 
* * » 5 Ai 5 
a eS l 
mee * 9 9 2 
| SAF OSE ere & 


Christian, Mr. and Mrs. W. I. Calla- 
way, Mr. and Mrs: Lester Moore, Mr. 
and Mrs. Charles Kitchens, Mr. and 
Mrs. Will Cates, Mr. and Mrs. Garner. 
Mr. and Mrs. L. T. Rizer, Mr. and 
Mrs. James Ryan, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. 
Mauldin, Mr. and Mrs. yen 
Mr. and Mrs. I. Pries, Mr. ant Mrs. 
Walter Stoy, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. 
Armistead, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. 
Smith and Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Counts. 


Special Dance 
At Garber Hall. 


A special dance will be given this 
evening at Garber ball. Earl Fuller 
and his New York orchestra, which 
is the additional attraction at the 
Metropolitan this week, will furnish 
the music, 

The dance will not be for the col- 
lege and social set, but to give the 
dancing public of Atlanta an oppor- 
tunity to dance to this wonderful or- 
ganization. The various dancing clubs 
are invited. | 


— —— 


Will 


Easy to start from the break- 


n 


ight, 1922, dy The 
ewspaper Syndicate. 


Who started the long-waisted lace 
bodice fashion? It came to the sur- 


face quickly and is now regarded as 
something established and quite pleas- 
ing. It gives variety to the thou- 
sand and one chemise, frocks of the 
same fabric. It smacks of warm. 
weather. It stimulates a desire for 
pve clothes because here is a new 
° * ; 
There is as yet more metallic than 
thread lace used in such bodices. ‘The 
fashion started with the onrusk of 
silver lace for evening gowns. Entire 
gowns were made of a thin silver that 
might have been used in mediaeval 
days, again coarse and heavy metal 
lace was placed over vivid underslips 
of chiffon, a fabric which seems to 
have taken new life unto itself since 
the season developed. Flame chiffon 
carried an overfrock of silver lace, 
mauve Georgette proved itself lovely 
under the same lace, and so success- 
ful were the various frocks built in 
this manner that the designers saw 
their chance to put it forward in a 
bodice that ran down to the hips to 
join a skirt of velvet, Georgette crepe 
or Moroccan crepe. Now the fashion 
is a thing accomplished. 

Another thing to attract attention 
to this new silver lace bodice is that 
it reinstates the girdle beneath it. 
The bateau neckline put the nose of 
the satin brassiere out of joint. Trans- 
parent tops were not as popular as 
during the war days. Now they reap- 
pear. They are in the same color as 
the skirt. Usually they are of the 
same fabric. If the skirt is lavishly 
embroidered after the manner of the 
mid-season, the bodice like a bras- 
siere remains of plain material. It 
is a foil to the ornamental fabric 
above. When lace itself is not used, 
a tracery of metallic threads is run 
over chiffon or thin crepe or heavy 
silk net. The idea is to give the ef- 
fect of lace, One sees that on half 
the new frocks for the south. 

It is evident that the French want 


KS 


— 
= * 
2 ed — 


ew 
— 


n 


= — 
, Fa SOU 
SVAN SE 


. 


8 
— 


New gown from Jenny of Paris of 
mauve Moroccan crepe with- em- 
broidery of silver threads. Long- 

* waisted bodice of lace with mauve 
girdle held at hips by shaded 
flowers. 


to give their handworkers something 
to do, as the frocks for spring are 
lavishly covered with embroidery. It 
is rot in the pictorial and landscape 


—— — — 


LT — SE ee 


Will your 
‘Good Morning 
last all day? 


woof, The most prodigious amount 
of toil must be expended on dozens 
of yards of fabric, for the designers 
here point with pride to the embroid- 
ery, closely packed like darning which 
the observer, even a shrewd one, mis- 
takes for weaving. ‘The Madeleines of 
Paris have actually darned a coarse 
blue net into a sumptuous gown. The 
embroiderers, it would, seem, have 
taken away the work of the weavers. 

The gown shown in the sketch is 
an example of the extraordinary 
amount done on plain material. The 
gown is of mauve crepe embroidered 
all over. with a fine pattern in silver 
threads. . The long-waisted bodice is 
of silver lace, the pattern on it differ- 
ing from the handworked skirt. The 
girdle bodice beneath the high one is 
of mauve satin hugging the body so 
that it will remain in place without 
the aid of shoulder straps. The wide 
crushed girdle, placed at the hips, is 


held up and down at each side with | 


shaded flowers. 

The use of large flat flowers at the 
hips is not a-new fashion, but despite 
its age, it continues to be seen in the 
best society. None but the slim should 
attempt it. Not even the woman who 
has reduced her hips but not the top 
is.one safe way to use them: put 
to indulge in so pretty but so dan- 
gero of flowers. ‘There 
is o use them: put 
them below the point of the hip, one at 
a time, in a straight line, using two 
or three. 


— 


IAE HOUSEHOLD 


Edited by Anne Rittenhouse 


— — 


OYSTERS DELICIOUS, 

English cookery books usually in- 
form one that Americans are noted for 
the variety of ways they have for 
serving oysters. While oysters are 
usually served raw on the half shell, 
we have numerous ways of cooking 
them into toothsome dishes. Here are 
some worth trying: 

Scalloped Rice and Oysters. 

Place in a double boiler one _ of 
new milk, a tablespoon of butter, a 
teaspoon of salt, and let it come to 
boiling. Then stir in gradually half 
a cup of well warmed rice, cover the 
boiler closely and cook half an hour. 
Arrange six ripe, peeled bananas in 
a pie dish, pour over them enough 
hot water to cover the bottom of the 
pan well and place in the oven with 
a steady, moderate heat and bake 
about a quarter of an hour, until the 
bananas are tender. Remove from the 
oven, pour off the water, if any re- 
mains, and set back to dry for five 
minutes. Put a spoonful of the warm, 
boiled rice on a plate, spread it out a 
little and place on top the baked ba- 
nanas, bend it in a neat circle on the 
rice, drop a bit of butter in the center 
and serve hot. A bit of tart jelly or 
stewed fruit may be placed on the ba- 
nana instead of the butter. 


Oyster Fritters. 


Wash well in their own liquor one 
dozen oysters. Chop them a little 
with a silver knife and sprinkle in a 
cup of flour, two well beaten eggs a 
teaspoon of baking powder and half 
a cup of milk. Drop the batter by 
spoonfuls into hot fat, deep enough 
to float them; and fry a golden brown 
on both. sides. Drain them on soft 
brown paper and keep hot until all 
are done, Garnish with parsley and 
serve with lemon, butter and minced 
butter. 0 


— 


Oyster Consomme. 

Wash one pint of oysters and re- 
serve soft portions. Chop tough por- 
tions, add one-half cup of cold wa- 
ter, bring to the boiling point and 
let simmer twenty-five minutes. Strain 
through a double thickness of cheese- 
eloth and add fcur cups of chicken 
stock. Seeson with salt and cayenne 
and add one-half cup of thin cream 
and the soft parts of oysters cooked 
until plump. , 

Fried Oysters With Bacon. 

Twenty-four large oysters; twenty- 
four thin slices of bacon. Dry the 
oysters on a napkin and carefully roll 
up each oyster in a slice of bacon and 


fasten the ends with a wooden tooth- 


pick. Use only the blazer that fits on 
the six-inch electric stove. Turn the 
current on, and when very hot put in 


* 
— \ " * 
> 
es - ° 
— 
— Se ES ce 


fast table with zest and enthusiasm, — 
but how easy is it to keep on? 


Does ambition last, or lag, as 


the day develops? 


The afternoon “slump” is a fac- 
tor to be counted upon, in business 


or social life. 


— —ͤ—ͤ—é 
= sss — 1 


midday drowsiness to make up for 
midnight wakefulness; no head 
aches; no nervous indigestion; no 


increase of blood pressure. 


Usually, there's a reason. 


Nerves whipped by tea or coffee 


won't keep on running, and they 
won't stand constant whipping. 


Many a man or 


woman who 


has wished the afternoon would be 
as bright as the morning has 
simply been wishing that the 
nerves wouldn't have to pay the 


natural penalty for 


sé ‘ * * * 
+ : 4 * 2 : 
os 3 — 
„ ee cee 9 * ö 5 ya le : a 2 * j 
oe BPs ey sty Ue i Me? en 32 1 Dr N N . * 
‘ » at he Mh tit * 23 485 8 1 a oF a 4 * 0 
a „ ² Pee ee k 7— ae G F 
5 + 5 2 a, 2 * r * — * . 24 2 * 5 — e 


with the caffeine tron 


whipped : 


here a Reason” 


2 it 


. 
8 
% ¥ J * 
„ 
* * 


af ee 


Be PS 85 ey sae 4 3 * ii 
* J 
* N * * 4 2 e 4 on a - 4 a 
2. 5 sh n 8 8 5 My * 5 E =.” i - 8 4 — 1 ss * K ts ry, 
8 * + ce. ogee + 1 4 oe be 0 5 
— — * n * = 
. é 
82 
> —. 
. 1 ’ N a 
7 N 4 > 


Lovely Home 
In Miami, Fla. 


noteworthy Spanish antiques, several 
hundred years old, collected by Mr. 
Kendall when traveling in Europe. 
is 
ages old, and is of rich brocade em- 
broidered in gold threads, with clus- 
ters of exquisite embroidered flowers 
introduced on the surface. A four- 
teenth century wood carving repre- 
senting the three apostles, further or- 
naments the mantel. Still another 
earving which dates back to the thir- 
teenth century, is that of the Virgin 
Mary and the Christ Child which rests 
on an altar cloth of ma ous em- 
broidery. Crystal candlesticks, with 
prisms, heirlooms in Mr. Kendall's 
family, decorate a chest of drawers 
of the eighteenth century, which came 
from Barcelona. 
A Chinese rug of the time of the 
Ming dynasty, in which are blended 
blue and yellow in handwork design 
which foretell the fact that each gen- 
eration wove some part of the pat- 
tern, and that years passed before the 
rug was completed, 
An old cabinet, a 
northern Spain, highbacked chairs, 
odd pictures, altar cloths. and a rose 
velvet cushion, upon which hundreds 
of persons are said to have knelt 
seeking forgiveness, candlesticks o“ 
ancient design and an old Spanish bed, 
are among other Antiques which make 
for artistic and effective decoration. 
Mrs. Kendall, herself an artistic 
woman, planned and supervised the 
choice of furniture and draperies, to 
which she has devoted the past six 
months, She formerly resided in At- 
lanta and is personally most charming 
and very beautiful. Mr. Kendall is 
‘by birth a Virginian, but for the 
past fifteen years has been a noted 
ancier on Wall street. Mr. and 
Mrs. Kendall are both quite well- 


sque piece from 


the oysters and bacon. Just as soon 
as they begin to fry turn the current 
to medium heat and allow the oysters 
to cook until nicely browned on all 
sides. Serve with plain lettuce or 
watercress salad. 


. 


ms RA 
Pe * 
vy N 


= ) 
2 . er 2 
* 4 Maart \ ou 7 
Vek G3 OPE See . A 
r 


0 


7 
* 


THE 
EDISON 


SHOP 


182 PEACHTREE ST. ™ 


4 * 
. 1 Sy 
0 : 
** 
* 4 Rs 


hap . 
3 5 x ee! — 
‘ ‘ Se ie oh f TP +. . — 
* e n. * 
4 aes ey Ss 4 * 
ars NN ts & wert 
— Oe hee * N ; Ya Me 
ere 8 ay / eS 
4 * N or 
* 


Vilson Foundation Chairman 


— 
* 9 
* 


Mrs. T. T. Stevens, who has accept- 
ed the chairmanship for Atlanta, of 
the women’s division in the campaign 
for the Woodrow Wilson Foundation, 
her appointment coming from Pleasant 
Stovall, state chairman. calls a gen- 
eral conference of Atlanta women for 


Friday morning at 10 o'clock, at the 
Capital City club. _ 
tlanta women will have oppor- 
tunity by their presence at this meet- 
ing to show their appreciation of the 
ideals of Mr. Wilson, his work for 
peace, which is now having the in- 
dorsement of the whole world, and 
their desire that his gift to the world 
be fittingly commemorated and per- 
petuated in the proposed foundation. 
Short inspirational talks will be 
made, and there will be put forward 
the plans, so far as they have been 
made, for observance of “Woodrow 
2 Hour, at noon on January 


Mrs. Stevens, whose appointment 
was only announced in The Constitu- 
tion of ay morning, is already 
receiving the most encouraging sup- 
port in her plans for a participation in 
the foundation movement which shall 
express with adequate enthusiasm the 
loyalty of the women of Atlanta to the 


ay 
Wilson principles and his stand for 


from 
read of 
ing paper, during the 
ganizations of women i 
campaign. 


ability, 
of the 
women, to put over the woman’s patt 
of the campaign in a big way. 3 
Her most conspicuous achievements 
have been her leadership during the 
war im three liberty loan drives. She 
was officially connected with every 
drive, was woman's chairman for At- 
lanta of the third and fourth loan, anil 
vice chairman for the state for tlic 
fifth (victory) loan. She was for 
eighteen months chairman tor Atlanta 
of the woman’s department, war camp 
community service, directing local 
forces for work in five’ camps. As 


2 of Atlanta chapter, U. D. C.. 


er organisation made the first large 
contribution of any woman’s o iau 
tion in hospital supplies —$1,000--as- 
well as other important patriotic work. 
She is president of the Fifth District 
Federation of Women’s Clubs. 


known here and usually stop in Atlan- | 


ta each winter en route to Florida. 


Baptist Women 
Hold Meeting. 


The executive board of the Atlanta 
Association of the Baptist Women’s 
Missionary union held their regular 
quarterly meeting at the Arcade 
rooms of the Y. W. C. A. on Friday, 
January 6. After a beautiful lunch- 
eon was served the business program 
was held, Mrs. T. L. Lewis presid- 
ing. n 

The new secretaries of three dis- 
tricts were welcomed and reported 
their work as already begun and 


rospering. 
\ the reports from the Baptist hos- 

tal, the Orphanage, the Stewart 
Avenue and Andrew Stewart Day nur- 
series were most gratifying. 

On account of limited time the so- 
cial service report was omitted. 

A change was made in the con- 
stitution and by-laws of the associa- 


| Rachmani 
| One Edison Turn-Table 
and Compare! 


4 . 


tion. Special 
Mrs. Andrew 
ported very ill. 

A rising vote of thanks was given 
Mrs. W. P. Anderson for her, share 
in arranging so lovely a luncheon. 
Reports were made of Miss Clifford 
Hunter’s work in China. The next 
meeting will be held in April. 

The executive board were invited 
to attend the second district rally, 
which was to be held at the North 


—— was made tor 
tewart, who was re- 


Atlanta church yesterday from 10 to 


4 o’clock.-. 


Mrs. Kendrick Scott 


Entertains Club. 

Mrs. Kendrick Scott entertained the 
Brides’ club Tuesday afternoon at a 
bridge-tea at her home in Ansley 
Park. 

The dainty tea table held silver 
vases of pink roses and silver candle- 
sticks with pink tapers. 5 

Mrs. Scott wore a becoming model 
of brown peach bloom, 


| 


Compare! , 


(Given only on request) 


~ 


‘ La 
- 2 3 
4 £5. * ; Ps. 3 
5 F * 3 
„ oa ae Se? 
be at 2 2. * we reyes 
— 


See 


a 


* 5 


5 oe Fe 
Se Rae a 2 
meet aie e 


fe 
7 7 
. 
3 


Rachmaninoff will enthrall you, —if you go to hear 
him play in his recital at the Auditorium January IIth. 
But, what is more Rachmaninoff will show vou 
which is the best phonograph,—if you come here. 


Rachmaninoff has made Re-Creations for the New 
Edison. He has qo made recordings for one of the 
standard talking machines. 


— ay 


. 


Our Edison Turn-Table is the scientific way of com- 
paring the two. It enables you to hear the New Edi- 
son and three leading talking-machines under precise- 
ly the same conditions. A competition! And you de- 
cide the winner. : 


Come in! Let the Edison Turn-Table Comparison 
show which phonograph gives the real Rachmaninoff! 


4 
—— 
W 2 


. re ‘ 

- sf . - a4 ~ + 

* : 8 . : 
* * . ae 2 Py ae Gg, . — 
* . oe > "hie - 
. E ea 2 
8 Pa 1 1 x * 5 n 
met . N n 


* 


cs 7 . A 4 
E . os an” ae a 8 


Bee 
oh tk tae . 8 
3 1 L 
3 


ndorsed the 


Calls Conference of Wi omen 


, world peace. 1338 8 . 
the backing of a ee oe 2 
over the phone ra KE 
Sch Stevens had 


Mrs. Stevens is 21 fitted by * f 
rience er yment 
endship and . mo of 


2 


= 


‘ * Ges yrs 9 5 3 8 9 
L 1 rhs rig Kae aes APES eG os a Se eet r 3 N 8 * 52 By, me Pig” * 
. 2 7 hess abit a ot pee 2 EE n : „ ~*~ SY AP hei * n a 2 : 0 g 
ee Rae 2 „22 ß ) FST S A AE 7 ey . 4 Eh 
eras Ge hme en TL ete Cae Y EER Ashen? tap E of 2d "8 Cah, eae „ ae bee ig ea 3 „ et 1 5 F 3 2 
n r » 2 . 3 2 TS. Og Sey Mee SZ o teas oN PAP ee tS 3 Gs; ae 
oy * i i 3 8 — — 3 3 2 J 
5 AeA — . = — — — my 
3 : 3 . 5 * ; 7 eat ; ; 2 Baa S 7 8 5 a 9 2 g 7 J . : r . e ee 1 * sage 35 wy eT Pact 0 a b 2 8 „ WR ’ ** . a * 
2 . ms 0 E 2 $ = * * 7 * > BPRS, ia ae My 5 8 r * i — n 2 ings pied a 4 Te pe Sage < - * * 3 F ‘ 5 5 0 4 pt a 4 eS rs 5 ö 9 . + * * = 3 A 9 * ees 5 ope aera = Dy eh n < * _ 1 San 
oe eee : — 8 5 fs Segoe > eee SE 8 ae N r JJ dd ee a ag eres EL FE ESOT ee ok anes nae re ' on 
os a * 2 * 2 ye 172 0 > rw * 5 . | ax 4 1 3 a 55 Ri Ms Rak 5 ie hid at Pad — 4 oy a “ — 4 * yo . 8 — Nie 3 é Re — — & r * 8 2 is ee KM gah: 5 7 8 . < 2 ae = — : 8 3 2 — * oe ‘ 0 oS : hy = 2 0 4 * 2 — n aa * Ne be- A xe Be ao n 1 ae * * — San 
fn 4 E 1 3 3 J a ‘ — — 
2 . ae . 3 — . — 5 © 9 4 K N * bp * * 5 N ä 7 J 8 8 * * 5 * 9 * 7 2 A 2 r 8 . . 
8 nag: re * 3 2 , 2 R } e- n A gy . tf i ~ 151 8 ar re _ 1 . ‘ . 5 . u 3 * * = A = ae * # wer * 
rye ö ? % * & , * 8 5 4 * * . a? * 3 8 1 2% 1 25 . 
Foe - : 4 2 . : 8 a a . > — agg a *% al dae * 1 
N , . 4 4 — ; . ‘ N . : ca : ee 8 
ees - “ „ ö . N N 8 * ** F * — 8 * * ae 4 
3 0 ‘ ; 22 r= 24 4 - . — . ‘ : * ve * 
oy SS ; 8 1 TORE 1 * 
9 Aer f — re +. = . > re r ä * — 
: * “5 ~~ . 5 


Se — — — 2 2 —— 


~ — 


The Knight of the Lonely Land 


T'S AU AWEUL BLOW FOR 


7 
1 
> a 


5 BY EVELYN CAMPBELL UNCLE BIM BUT KES. | ormaon t 

i (Copyright, 1922, for The Constitution) deore F 
1 Nan aud 
2 Next Week, Trailin“, by Max Brand. AGE, WHO HAQ- 1 
. ea yf Continued Prom Yesterday.) be friends like we always was. It’s FIFTY YEARS 
oa bat are you doing here?” he de-| come time to lay your cards down, BuISsFUL 
manded harshly. you only ride | face up, Britches. My own hand’s wait- 

these days when other people are in- in’. We'll shuffle the old deck an’ 2 
- __, doors?” : take a new deal—what say? 

die did not resist, but her slim Presently she answered in a voce 


that was husky enough to threaten 

tears not far away. 
“All right, Billie, I'll tell you any- 

thing you want to know.” 

“How long since you mixed in with 
e rustlers, Britches?’ 

“I—I—it sounds pretty bad when 

somebody else says it—but you got a 


body was stiff and unyielding as she 
_.. followed him. Then he led her horse 
e. The coffee pot was still on 
the stove, and he took it up and pour- 
ed out a cup while she seated herself 
on a low stool before the fire. 

- «» “I followed you,” she said. “I fig- 
~ -+~ured you'd make for this shack and 


C 


„ 
31 
Ae 


2 
* 
7 wer 4. 


* 


; 2 rae 
* oe 


ran 


- 
Roar 
ee ak ae 
N. 
5 
3 
ro 
<a 
* 
1 


* 


. 
5 g fer) 
* 


i 


I aimed to be here before you, but I 
-\~ sorta missed out in the snow.” 

“What made you follow me?” he O— 
Asked slowly. 


Her dry lips twitched as though 
some unnamed pain brushed the shell 
of her soul. Billie went on remorse- 


lessly, not knowing that speech was 


‘ ter 


beyond her. 

“I been wantin’ to talk to you for 
quite a spell, Britches. I’m not goin’ 
to beat around what I got to say. 


‘'s You've got to know that the whole 
ange is suspicionin’ you of not bein’ 


4 on the square. 


* 
ow 


nu woman, 


* 
* 


N 1 


I hate to say - it to 
an’ much less to you, 
Britches, but it don't look right to 
me—none of it.” 
He waited, 


* 


giving her another 


Chance, but she stared somberly into 


the fire. When she would not speak 


«he returned to the beginning. 


— 4 


— 


: 


“Why did you follow me tonight, 
Britches?” 

She turned her face to him. 

“Because I love you.” 

The words seemed to fill the room. 


She loved him, and because she loved 


him she had thrown everything away. 


lle knew in a vague way that women 


tes 


— 


1 


do these things, but he could not un- 
derstand why. 

“I never thought that, Britches,” 
he said in a choked voice. “I reckon 
you must be mistaken—you just sorta 
fancy you—you—feel that way.“ 

“No, no,” she said steadily, “I love 
you. It seems like I’ve always loved 


Fou, Billie, right from the very first.” 


She smiled faintly, knowing that 


what she said might put him father 


from her, yet bound to say everything 


because the secret had grown too in- 


> 


“8 & ðiͤ „ ele „„ 4 
M egy mM — 1 


9 


„ 


2 


ops 


tolerable a burden. 
“I reckon I’ve made a mess of it 


all,“ she went on. When all the love's 
on one side it usually is a mess, isn't 


it? But I couldn't help doin’ 
erazy things I did do, any more than 
.. breathin’, 


we 


A - 


s 
— 


the 


There ain't any misery like 
the misery of lovin’ somebody who 
doesn’t know it—or wouldn’t care if 
he did— That's why I come here to 


tell you about it tonight—maybe it'll 


help some—sorta ease it off. You 
ean’t help feelin’ sorry a lite, and 


- understandin’ why I turned out to be 


a quitter—“ 
She was so plainly suffering that 


he leaned over and patted her hand 


* 


—— 


awkwardly as if he were a little afraid 
of the contact. But she drew herself 
swiftly away. 

“After all, I don’t want you to pity 
me. I’ve had too much of that. It 


hurts. Why don’t you pity that girl 


— 


. who liyes at your place? She'd grant 


it. 

“I’ve got no call to pity her. She's 
a good girl.“ 

“And I’m a bad one.” Her face 


changed and darkened with anger and 


pain. “You mean a lot of things by 


that you won't ever speak in words.“ 


_loor upon a clo 
| en the confessio 


Suddenly she flung out her arms in a 
gesture of abnegation so piteous and 
‘complete that it was like opening a 

and secret room; 
that hung upon her 


lips eame rushing from them and she 


1 
4 

: 

* 
* 


laid her naked heart before him. 
“Because I loved vou I’ve made my- 


| self bad—I helped folks to steal, and 


52 
-* 


I've made myself one of them. Seemed 
like if I was to throw everything away 


an’ let myself go to hell—you might 
‘ «eare one way or the other. It'd be bet- 


* 
si 


,* 


ter to hate me than just not care! 
Then maybe I can go off an‘ forget 


; abort you.” 


4 
hel 
4 


_ « 
* 


— — 


„ 


„ee 
= 1 1 


e 


- 
~ 


n 
* 


_ RAST «0 PRESENT. 


* 5 de 


15 
me As ae 
r 
nn 
f 


ae 1 
5 R 1 2 


4 ys 
woes 1 


“Rut I don't hate von,“ he answer- 
ed, considering his words. “There isn't 


| any reason I can see why we sohuldn't 


NAME 


22 
— — 


right to know. I—it's been since that 
first bunch was run off from Grele 


“You began to wear them fancy new 
boots about that time,” said Billie 
thoughtfully. “Who give em to you, 
Britches?” 

“Not any man,” she cried with sud- 
den passion. “I never took nothin’ 
from a man. Every one of em knows 
I'd put lead through him if he looked 
crosswise at me. It was a woman, 
Billie— Oh, to make myself right with 
you, I've got to put the old man in 
wrong—but I know you'll understand 
it ain’t because I’m yellow. If he was 
he where the law could put a finger 
on him you could tear me to pieces an’ 
I wouldn't tell. But he’s on his way 
to the border by this time. You won't 
think I’m a squealer, Billie?” | 

He shook his head gravely. “I won't 
think any ill of you, I don’t have to, 
Britches.” 

“The old man—we didn’t have any 
way to live when he wouldnt’ work. 
When the state went dry he got to 
peddlin’ booze—it was an easy way to 
make money. He always had a bottle 
stowed away somewhere, and a few 
folks knew about it. He was mighty 
careful— Most of the boys who stop- 
ped in here of nights come from the 
other side of the range—” 

„Camberwell's!“ 

“You said it—and a few from the 
Circle O. That's how we knew where 
their bunch was pasturin', and what 
the boys planned on doing from day 
to day— It was easy. Then one day 
peppy sent me over the other side to 
Camberwell’s with some word he was 
passin’ on to the old man. It didn’t 
amount to much, an’ after I talked to 
Camberwell, he took me in the house. 
There was a woman there. She was 
smilin’ an’ kind to me, and she wore 
pretty clothes—the wimmin sort of 
clothes. We talked about ’em, Billie. 
I never talked to a woman about 
clothes in my life before, an’ I felt like 
a fool. 

“She must’ve noticed it, for present- 
ly she started in sayin’ I looked all 
right in what I had on an' wishin’ she 
could look the sime an’ got the boots 
an’ showed em to me, actin’ all the 
time like she wanted me to have ’em, 
but somethin’ held her back— 

“Pretty soon I found out what it 
was. Old Camberwell wanted some 
wire cut on the range of the Circle O, 
and he thought I could do it better 
than any of the hands—so I cut the 
wire, Billie. 

“Then when I got the boots you 
didn’t see em, except to kid me about 
‘em till I couldn't bear to have em 
on when you was around. It sort of 
went on that way. They kept showin’ 
me things I didn’t know I wanted 
until I saw 'em, and then I'd do just 
what they asked me to. I must have 
been clean crazy. I even figured 
you'd like me if I had a new side sad- 
dle on Dude— But presently I found 
it wasn’t any use, and then IJ sort 
of turned loose of everything—” 

“What made you think that?” 

For answer she took something from 
her pocket, and when it was unfolded 
he saw the remnant of a pink card- 
board box tied with a gilt string. Two 
memories flashed before him— The 
box lying in the trail where she her- 
self had thrown it, and the buffet 
riddled target nailed to a tree stump. 
There was a small round hole in the 
piece.she held in her hand, 

“This is was what jroved to m. 
I lost out for good,” she said mourn- 
fully. “Yeu give it to me, it was 
mine: the first thing vou ever gave 
me, and then you gave it over to her. 
Oh, I know you can’t see it like a 
woman can, but it made me wild. 1— 
I—wanted to kill her, and—lI tried, 
that day with I. B. Dam, bnt you 
came and that was another 
step down for me. I knew I 


couldn't stay here after that, meetin’ | 


you an’ bein’ questioned, so I told the 
old man I was goin’ an’ lit out. He 
was just about through here, an' he 
thought I’d gone on to the Border and 
he'd find me when he got there. But 


— — — 


JUST NUT 


| WANT A BOTTLE OF 

HAIR RESTORER — TH’ 
HAIR ON MY FUR COAT 
IS FALLING OUT! y 


yy 


. 


\ 


Cepyrisht. 1922. - 


I went to Camberwell’s, an’ I been: 
there ever since.” 

“And Camberwell thought Milt Hol- 
ley was goin’ to inform on him, did 
he? Camberwell sent somebody to 
plug him before he could talk—was 
that it?’ 

She nodded wearily. 

“Milt Holley worked for Camber- 
well a few days. He found out about 
the Circle O stock. of Camber- 
well’s men aren't rustlers; he keeps 
enough regular hands to make his 
place seem sorta square; but Milt 
found out. He quit, and they knew 
he’d squeal, so the old man sent a 
crowd over to stop him from talkin’ 
an’ they sure did. They cut the 
horses loose and was just as innocent 
as anybody in town. It was you that 
spilled the beans.“ 

Their talk wandered far afield of 
the vital point which had inspired it. 
She turned her eyes to him wann. 
She had showed her cards face up- 
ward when he asked, and she waited 
now for his commendation. Her un- 
trained heart had lifted hopefully to 
his words; she read a promise where 
none was made. When he said noth- 
ing she put out her hand and touched 
him timidly. 

“TIT can see how wrong I was, Billie. 
I didn’t know how to make you love 
me. I guess it was because I loved 
you too much. Can't you forget her? 


What if she’s made you think she 
cared ! There's a hundred men in 


the world for her, but there's only 
you—for me.“ 

But he shook his head. 

“She doesn’t care for me. It 
wouldn’t make ahy difference in my 
feelin’ for you. I never thought about 
you, that way. Why do you make 
me say these things, Britches? A man 
can’t tell a woman that he don’t love 
her. I feel like I ought to lie, an’ 
say I do, but I couldn't fool you. An” 
I don’t want to. You’ve got to 
promise me you'll break away from 
the Camberwell outfit for good. Move 
along with your old man down to the 
Border. It’s bad enough, but it’s 
better than this. I'll help you all 1 
can, but for God's sake get out of chis. 
The boys susyacion you. It wove’ 
take much to start trouble, and you'd 
They take it bad that 


fare hard. 
You 


you’ve turned yellow, Britches. 
see. everybody trusted you.” 

He was urging her to go away. She 
looked for anything but this—distance 
placed between them at his desire. 

“But I can’t go,” she stammered. 
At is because I love you—lI love you |” 

He saw tears in her eyes—the slow 
bitter tears that come from the heart. 
Her mouth twitched. 

„J love you,” she repeated monoto- 
nously, then she added in despair, “Is 
it because I ain’t played square, Bil- 
lie? You think you can’t trust me 
any more?” 

“It ain’t that,” he answered gently. 


After a long pause he said: “I got 
a longin’ after fineness over there— 
not fine clothes, or money or good 
times—the things we used to think 
was great, but the other kind. * 
couldn't love any woman who wasn't 
white clean through—who wasn’t a 
lot better than I ever was—or am. 
She’d have to be fine, Britches, the 
sort of fineness that goes through hell 
without losing her smile 

She understood. 
girl. She was one of them. She told 
me about it once—they give up ev- 
——- they had and she never 

2 ° 
He nodded, and when she said noth- 
ing more, he alse lapsed into silence. 
They sat quietly on either side of the 
stove The revelation of their hearts 
left them silent and constrained, now 
that there remained no further thing 
to say. And as morning came near- 
er, it was more difficult still to break 
the bond of silence. Grayness came 
across the window and the lamp gut- 
tered and went out. 
movement toward the coffee pot and 
the girl stood up. 

“I won’t stay to breakfast,“ she 
said. She went over to her horse, 
untied him and turned to the door. Her 
lips wore their faint, inscrutable 
smile. “I guess you and me ain't 


likely to meet again soon. After all 
I spilled tonight I'll be puttin’ dirt 


AT LITTLE GAME” 


_— 


AND ON THE 
NEXT DEAL 1 


CERTAINLY 
\ PASSED’.- 
Died Nou 
HEAT ME 
Noc“! 


5 


No! 


' 


— 


A 


1 


— 


WHAT Did 
Foo Moch 
WITH ? 


FEATHER ? 


* 


“HE = Anes 


THERE | 
Hows ZA? 
GVESS “YOu 
KNOW WHAT 
M DOIN’ 


N 


Like the Hoyt 


Billie made a 


* 
between me an’ the Camberwell out- 
fit. I guess I must be yellow clean 
through, an’ no good to anybody, any 
way you take me. Them folks has 
been pretty decent to me, an’ now I've 
squealed on em.“ 

“I'll give you plenty of time to 
get away, Britches,” he promised. 

“You’ wantin’ to get home, so 
I'll say good-by.” 

Now that they were parting and he 
knew that the old comradeship be- 
tween them was gone and would never 
come again, a queen sense of loneliness 
came upon him. He took an impul- 
sive step toward her. 

“Don’t go like this, little pard,“ 
he said. We've been together a lot; 
we mustn’t get clean away from each 
other.” 

Hope flamed in her face. “You 


‘self into the saddle. 


want me to stay—because I love you?” 

But he had not meant that. “No, 
Britches; because I care for you like 
a friend—my little pal. I want you 
to be a good woman.” 

She thrust her shoulder against 
the door, and it fell open to the fast 
coming day. The horse startled, 
plunged after her, and she swung her- 
Then she leaned 
over and laughed in his face, mock- 
ing, ugly laughter that shook her 
like a storm. 

“I’m a hell of a good woman, I 
am!” she cried. “You left one at the 
ranch house—go home and see what 
she’s done! Decamped, left you flat 
without sayin’ good-by. Now she’s at 
Camberwell’s, an’ when you see her 
again maybe she won't be so good or 


so white as you think. I reckon this'll 
be a right busy day for you, ol’ dear.” 

The words poured from her like a 
flame; she caught her breath, biting 
her lips to hold back her to 
fury. The roan lashed forward under 
the spurs she set into his sides. 

“And that ain’t all,” she screamed. 
“Look for your cows—while we was 
talkin’ last night other hands was 
workin'. You'll find 'em, maybe, if a 
bullet don’t get you first.” 

She was gone; a flash of life across 
a somber, dead, gray world. He stood 
in the door, trying to understand what 
she had said. Then he walked to the 
corner of the shack and looked te 
the shelter where he had left the cat- 
tle. .It was empty. The bunch had 


( Continued Tomorrow.) 


UL KATRINKA 


been driven away in the night. 


THE POWERF 


“a 


* 


WINNIE 
WINKLE, 

THE 
BREADWINNER 
Ganzy 

Didn’t Expect 


This Answer 


WINNIE, ALL MY WEALTH, 
EVERYTHING I OWN 15 

YOURS, IF YOU'LL MARRY 
AE! P 
HONORABLE MAN, TOO: 


I'M AN 


Yes — 
ANCIENT AND 
HONORABLE ! 


DONT YE SPOSE YE 
COULD EVER LEARN 
To LOVE ME JUST A 
LITTLE BIT, 
DARLING 77 


IM AFRAID 


NOT !! 


HUMPH ſi I SPOSE IF YOU WAS 
SURE OF BEN A RICH WIDOW 
IN A SHORT WHILE, You'D 


ACCEPT ME IN A HURRY, 
HUH 227 


OH MR. GANzy ! IF 
AS COULD ONLY 


— N 
oo. 


THAT GUILTIEST FEELING. 


— . | — 


* RATHER 
Coo 


— 


* * * 
_— 


N 


y 


N 
N 


5 


\ 
\ \\ 
N } 


\ 

. ö 

* 
A) 


\ 
hh 
i} 


} 


You'Re LOOKING 
Five col ode. 
HOW'S ALL YouR 


STC a 
SI?’ cHn.y 


REMARKABLY 
fide WEATHER 


WE'RE HAVING 


DETARMINEO 
Not To BE 
GYULLED ro 
CONVERSATION 


etc 'TS Been 
A PLEASURE To 
Ste YoU AGAIN’ 
COLONEL-- MY 
REGARDS ‘To 
THe FAMILY 


i 


— 


ert 


colCo Ov 


WHo IN SAM HILL WAS 
THatr!? His, Face 

Does SEEM FAMILIAR 
Put | CAN'T PLACE - 
HIM -- | Sosse (| CUGHT 
To HAVE ASKED Him ms. 


— — 
1e GOT mm PLACED Now! 
IT WAS GEORGE CABILLO MY 
BEST .CUSTOMER IN SOUTH 
AMERICA-- OH WHY DIDN'T 
lt ASK HIM HES NAME ._. 


ANd HIS FE 
No HO } 


=*“=*% 


AL. DRESSED uP, | WHY “The 


HO HO ? 


? 


Bye SP ae Wc * 


“ye Be - * 0 ad f ewe . @ 
. 0 ny, OT ee ae ois ee lo a a RS eB or on ee . > * Re —— : ö —_— F . 4 : thew é J oom 
. ? 7 E e 8 2 Rede Mie ici: slp” AR agli. tt qatar Sata ite eee eee 8 we . „ — . — : a . — 2 
. a * 2 9 a . , 


eS | 898 2 F 
2 A i a ‘ . > — 5 * 5 8 n » = ex $0. (ak 2 ‘ i 
is —— * ‘ : 5 at 2 — a 0 . : — — — 8 em — 28 — oS . : Vip * 4 . * 
eae g f ** 5 . 5 14 0 ö 
. 3 a 2 1 5 . ; ¥ 11 7 N n m 
Boxing in te Circles ) tSPOkG anus 
< 4 j * 
t — 93 ** ; ‘ 1 d — aa ’ tle * — 
eres 5 Fe. 231 4 . 
. * . ; - „ N : 4 aon * > | ä 
. t Save Inerna tional Club N Oi nk \ | eeung 
ae - ; 1 3 Ys - eri RN . 8 
~ 2 ; rik . 412 . Z a 39 2 ¥* P > 4 * * * N Po 4 
1 ‘ _ ‘ ‘ 224 


largely through his wide leadership, 
the National Collegiate Athletic asso- 


1 
According to an announcement last 

eiation embraces nearly every college 

of prominence and has done much to 


night by . Aj De an e ot | 
— the A. A. 
correct abuses, not by edict, but by 


e 


n . 7. 8 ‘ 1 - } T 1 N Ses, N a * 5 oe PEC AN ˙ͤ ata hy eo ee ee: 23 
wie +e N 4 n a . Ce 2 7 es 7 . r ey > oa 2 ae a 1 * * 5 2 
** 2 2 — * . ae — . a 7 et i 3 ** 3 en 8 . r 1 22 vial a 2 5 0 . J we SF i = Sele: 1 ee™. * ie, 8 ‘oe 
7 “ " age * . 6 7 . my 9 * 5 et 2 pat Caer * 4 8 n 3 R — 2 aor. : bed aan . 2 Se oR wie oe a3 > 
rhs ER Ape . age wee © 1 „ 2 nee I R r x NGA At Ge Te. Seer ee 1 ase 1 * F 1 n ; sal ston — 
3 ‘ : i. 8 > 8 ne gts ee vis 2 8 8 8 40 - 6 ate — — : 2 
<2.) : , .’ ao | . 5 8 Re ais Wee „ . N wee 2 “a 4 yay Ag > eae ae af ee eae Se Sef * rN <=) 
N. * 1 1 5 F : n N . te . x a 8 Sa ; 5 ¢ * ; F a Na 4 | 
* AI „ oad „ 4 1 et 3 a Wan 7 Pa ; 2 ; 2 . ey dels . - 4 5 12 ed . 5 er Bs 8 = = 15 — 5 
- * ö 25 50 3 1 n ee ~ ? „ . 2 
; * P 
Fea 2 
~~ F 


arr @ 
* 


„ * ‘ : 
z 
‘ 


m At «ee? 7 5 

Cleveland, January 10—. The stew- 
ards of the Grand Cireuit today 
adopted a schedule for 1922 harness 
horse racing, opening the season at 
North Randall track, Cleveland, the 


. Vision by West Pointer 
a 5 Gave Colleges Associa- Work of Local Sch 


Quintets to 8 


5. 


a. 


* 


time 


ninth street and Lexington avenue, in 


to Philadelphia. 


1 guards appointed by Judge Thomas to 


the 
U., the Macon X. 
interchange of ideas and sporting lead- 
| ership. nd‘ now. the politics begin 
Those who love power and its use 
covet the cohtrol of the association 
through making it a law-making or- 
ganization and taking charge. They 
wére held in check at the December 
meeting, but they may be expected to 
try again next ember. 


tion That Has Safe- 
guarded Athletics. 


| BY WALTER CAMP. 

_ @ithough the International Sporting 
club bas been sliding down the finan- 

. cial tobogsan and has been in great’ — 

difficulties fately, the organization] Once more Jock Hutchison has dem- 
probably will be kept alive as 4 sort I onstrated. his real one 7 time on 

et guardian of the sport of boxing Deifie ¢oast, for in his opening 
as a parent of this art. For a}tourney there he shot 304, beating 
it appeared that the club might out Ed Traube, with whom he had 

be able to surmount its diffculties been tied af the,-midway point, by no 

with the aid of one or two of its less : seven strokes. 

‘wealthy members, and save the prop- — a 

erty acquired at the corner of Forty-| Soon after the mid of January 

the Washinton and Jefferson foot- 


hall team will be »en 1 banquet at 
home at which they will receive the 
well-deserved honors due to their hold- 
ing California to a scoreless tie at 
Pasadena. The occasion will be one 
of the greatest in the history of the 
institution. 


Ney York city. But this hope proved 
‘/ visionary and last week the property | 
* was sold at auction for some S370, 
000, whieh cost $750,000.. This prac- 
tically -wipes out the holders of the 
„8500 bonds. 
It is now proposed to organize inter- 
* collegiate boxing and in that event it 
„will be doubly important to have such 
an organization as the International 
Sporting club in existence, 
Some 17 years ago, Captain Palmer 
E. Pierce, of West Point, saw a vision 
and a converted a small group of col- 
leges outside the older institutions to 
his belief in an association. Today, 


Skating rinks will rejoice in the 
news that Oscar Mathieson, of Nor- 
way international speed champion, is 
sailing for these shores this week. 
Amerie* may assured of some 
grand races when he meets Be'+~ Me- 
Lea~ and other of our professional 
sneer es. 


Roger Peckinpaugh Gets Pilot’s 
Job at Washington in Big Deal 


Mack, Athletics’ manager, is said to 


. Senator 8, | Red Sox and have insisted on $100,000 as the pur- 
chase price. 


Mackmen Trade Play- ) 


et „85 5 ; ‘ Philadelphia, January 10.—Connie 
ers Bing Miller Goes Mack, manager of the Philadelphia 


American league baseball club, an- 
nounced tonight that he had traded 
Third Baseman Joe Dugan to the 
Washington team for Outfielder Miller 
and Pitcher: Acosta. Mack returned 
tonight from Washington, where he 
was in conference today’ with Clark 
omg president of the Washington 
elub. 

Manager Mack said there was no 
money consideration involved in his 
deal with Washington. 

Dugan's home is in New Haven, 
Conn. He joined the Athleties about 
four years ago, coming from Holy 
Cross college. During the last two 
years he frequently expressed the de- 
sire to play with a team nearer his 
home. He left the team so often last 
season that he gained the nickname 
of “Disappearing Joe.” 

Peckinpaugh, who was captain of 
the Yankee team last season, was 
traded to Boston. last month with 
Pitchers Rip Collins, Jack Quinn and 


—— 


New Tork, January 10.— Harry 
Frazee, president of the Boston Amer- 
ican league baseball club, tonight 
announced completion of a three: 
cornered deal by which Roger Peckin- 
paugh, former Yankee shortstop, goes 
to the Washington club as playing 
manager, and Joe Dugan, Athletics’ 
third baseman, is transferred to the 
Boston team. 

In addition to Dugan, the Boston 
dub receives Shortstop Frank 
O' Rourke. of the Washington club, 
Philadelphia gets Outfielder Miller 
and Pitcher Acosta, of the Washing 
ton club, in exchange for Dugan. 

So far as the Boston club is con- 
cerned, Frazee said, no money con- 
sideration was involved in the trade. 

An official of the Yankee club 
stated tonight that the New York 
Americans tried to obtain Dugan by Bill Piercy in exchange for Everett 
purchase some time ago and offered | Scott. Red Sox shortstop, and Pitchers 
$50,000, which was refused. Connie Joe Bush and Sam Jones. 


Serious Charges 
Brought Against 
‘County Officer 


Removal of Chief of Col- 
quitt Police Asked in 


Petition. 


dail in favor of the treaty binds-him 
and his adherents. not to obstruct. the 


‘treaty but he reserves the right of 
kree eritieism, should Mr. Griffith in 
the capacity of chairman of the pro- 
visional government, do anything in- 
— aga — 4 the rights of the Irish 

eople or the exis i 
republic tence of the Irish 

At the same time he expressed the 
conviction that English hoetility may 
have to be faced. There is still in- 
tense suspicion existent on both sides 
of the dail of the good faith of the 
| British ministry. De Valera. was 
clear in his assurances of the full 
support of his party in resisting an 
attack from an outside enemy. 

Mr. Griffith was repeatedly press- 
by Mr. de Valera to define his 
position, which De Valera described 
as . neu case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. 


Hyde. 
Griffith’s Position. 


Mr. Griffith was challenged to de- 
fine his attitude toward the republic, 
and it evidently was supposed that 
he would have difficulty in reconciling 
his position as president with the po- 
sition of chairman of the provisional 
government. : 

Mr. Griffith, however, frankly rec- 
ognized’ during the transition period 
the existence of the republic, which 
he undertook to maintain, but he said 
when the free state was formed and 
ready to come into operation there 
must be a general election, so that 
the people could choose between the 
tree state and the continuance of the 
republic. 

Mr. de Valera's attitude toward Mr. 
Griffith was considerate and respect- 
ful, and Mr. Griffith expressed his 
| cordial appreciation of this. 

Some of the De Valera supporters, 
notably Erskine Childers, were 
oes to press upon Mr. Griffith 
‘questions regarding his future actions, 
which were obviously intended to em- 
barrass him. He finally lost his tem- 
Per, declaring he would answer no 
questions of any damned English- 
man. 


Moultrie, Ga., Meaney a 10.—(Spe- 
cial.) —A petition bearing the names se 
of a number of Colquitt county tax~ 
payers was filed with the sheriff and 
clerk of the board of county commis- 
sioners this afternoon, urging the re- 
moval of County Policeman Stewart 
Aon a charge of malfeasance in office. 

The petition sets out two alleged 

instances in which it is claimed that 

Stewart perjured himself, and also 

alleges that he was an active partici- 

pant in the lynching of John Henry 

Williams, a negro, who was burned at 
the stake near Autreyville last sum- 

mer Stewart was one of the special 


help protect Williams while on. trial. 
It was after be was tried, convicted 
and ‘sentenced to hang for the murder 
of little Lorena Wilkes, Williams was 
taken from the officers at the court- 
house steps as be was being carried 
to prison. , + : 
One of the instances of alleged per- 
jury, the petitioners claim, is when 
Stewart swore at the trial of .a.case 
here that he had never used a search 
warrant in blank, filling out the name, 
himself of the person’s residence that 
he wanted to search, 
The petition says that the Georgia 
code provides that before a person ean 
be appointed or elected a county po- 


new government in carrying out the 


liceman he must be 21 years old and 
a man of good character, and contends 
that for the reasons set forth above 
that. Stewart is disqualified. 

Stewart has been under fire nearly 
ever since he was made chief of the 
Colquitt county police force and gaye 
instructions to make Colquitt as dry 
as the Sahara. The grand jury has 
been appealed to twice, but in both 
cases declined to recommend his re- 


val. 
The date of the hearing in the latest 
move has not been named, but it is 
believed tha: because of the gravity 
of the charges embodied in the peti- 
tion the commissioners will hold a 
special ‘meeting at an early date. 
Stewart could not be seen tonight for 


now assume responsibility for 
mew government, which would tax his 


volved except the ordinary weekly 


This was the first display of real“ 


heat by any of the leaders. His friends 
accounted for it by the fact, as Mr. 
Griffith himself said later, that he 
had been engaged for many months 
in continuous and arduous publie 
work in London and Dublin, and must 
the 


whole strength. 


Oppose Adjournment. 

The irreconcilables sought to oppose 
adjournment on the ground that mean- 
while expenditures could not constitu- 
tionally be incurred without the dail’s 
approval. Mr. Collins assured the 
members that no expenditure was in- 


the department officials, 


to + . 

tion. aie it ap? 8 
Last year the Blues 

season without being 


. 
* 


the local club was. 


Whether these two teams will pla 
is not known as the 
A. A. Ce is full, bat ; “4 
looking over the schedule of the local 
elubmen in order that he might find a 
date on which the two teams can be 
brought together. AE AES 


FOLEY WINNER 


New Orleans, January 10.—Harry 
Foley, of Hot Springs, was given a 
decision over “Chuck” Wiggins, of In- 
dianapolis, in a sensational fifteen- 
round bout here tonight. 


Though Foley landed the cleaner, 
harder and more effective punches, 
during the fight, Wiggins’ aggressive- 
ness and frequent hitting entitled him 
to the decision, in the opinion of many 
of the fans present. 

ae i weighed 170 pounds, Foley 


PETREL FIVE 
VICTORIOUS 


Marietta, Ga,, January 10.—(Spe- 
cial.)—The Oglethorpe freshmen from 
Atlanta defeated the Marietta High 
boys quintet here tonight. at the X. 
M. C. A. in a very fast and interest- 
ing game by the score of 27 to 16. 
The game was witnessed by a very 
small crowd due to inclement weather. 
The Freshmen jumped off to a lead 
early in the game but did not keep it 
long for the local boys tied the count, 
and the game rocked on this way un- 
til the second period when with 
„Tiny“ Roberts, the 225 pound cen- 
ter, working overtime, the Freshies 
korged again in the lead and were 
never checked. 

Roberts and Jackson did the best 
work for the winners, the former 
playing the court well dnd shot, 18 
ome. The latter guarded well. 
Vyatt also played a good game, 
shooting 6 points. For Marietta, 
Campbell and Fowler did the best 
work. The former led the local team 
in scoring, running the rims for 8 
points, 
The liner: u: 


8 
5 „ „ * 1. 0 Gilbert (2) 
Roberts (18 0 Fowler (4) 
Jackson (3). . . I. g... 
G „ kr. ... „„ ohr 
Substitutes : Oglethorpe,, Tucker, 
Morrow and Garner. Referee: Ven- 
erable (U. S. B.). a 2 


14 


RAIN Halrs 
FEILD TRIALS 


‘ 1 

Grand Junction, Tenn., Jangary 10. 
Rain which started as the last brace 
in the first series of the open derby, 
‘United States field trials, was taking 
the field today caused the judges to 
order the dogs withdrawn for the day 
and delayed completion of the series 
until tomorrow. 


prevented further trials. Great Island 
Jim Flush, owned by William Zeigler, 
Jr., of New York, excelled. Radcliff 
Flush, owned by G. A. Wilson, of 
Greenwood, Miss., in speed and range. 
Neither dog, however, was particular- 
ly successful in. locating birds. 
Dunmoor’s Royal Flush, owned by 
J. P. Dunne, of Chicago, ran against 
Warmath’s Belle, owned by C. E. 
Warmath, of Atlanta, Ga., and both 
pointers encountered troubles which 
may keep them out of the second 
series. 

The remaining brace to be run 
Wednesday is between Glorious Ap- 
parel, owned by Murray and Hogg, of 
Atlanta, Ga., and Flashlight's Boy, 
owned by C. E. Stone, of Durham, 
North Carolina. 


New York, January 10.—If the 
major league magnates in their Feb- 
ruary meeting in Chicago decide to 
abrogate the anti-barnstorming rule 
which Babe Ruth violated, New York 
fans will expect the Babe to start the 


stead of serving out the six weeks’ 
suspension imposed. on him, Bill 
Piercy and Bob Meusel by Judge 
Landis. The clubowners are under- 
stood to favor rescinding the rule in 
so far as it prohibits individual mem- 
bers of ge cea clubs from barn- 
storming, although they will not per- 
mit the players to use the names of 


Landis will lift the suspension, but 


SA anise | AOR 


defeated and 
challenged the Atlanta Athletic club 
for a game to decide the southern 
championship, but the game was not 
played because the Macon team was 
not a member of the A. A. U, while 
„ Now that the 
Macon quintet has entered the associa- 
ar a — is in the making with the 


. 
A. Doonan. is 


nan is 


Two braces were run before the rain 


season as usual with the Yanks, in- 


their league teams. The tip is that 


UPd 


Martin, hea 


He had a few scratches. 
When the first news of 


Martin looks like Dempsey’s one 


{chance for a championship contest 


during 1922, unless some new heavy- 
weight marvel comes up within the 
next few months, or Jess Willard goes 
broke, or some promoter offers a real 
purse for a Wills bout and the boxing 
authorities promise to sanction it. 
Martin is a very goed man, taking 
his limited experience ihto considera- 
tion. There is no telling how good he 
may become in another year. His army 
record shows that he has the right 
stuff in him. He became a boxer 
while in the army—a result of army 
training. 

A great many people in this coun- 
try would be made happier, and the 
popularity of boxing would have a 
great boom, if Bob Martin could be 
developed into a real rival for the pres- 
ent titleholder. 

Bob Martin, American soldier and 
winner of A. E. F. championships, 
would make a fine figure as a world’s 
champion. 


SHOWED NO 
WEAKNESS. 


I Lee that Jack McAuliffe thinks 
Georges Carpentier was “hurt” in his 
contest with Dempsey, and tha he is 
dropping back in class as a boxer, - 
I doubt that Carpentier was physi- 
cally injured in any way in the Jer- 
sey City bout. If it had gone the full 
distance, and he had taken a heavy 
pounding, it might have been differ- 
ent. But the bout was short. Car- 
pentier wasn't. worn down to any 
great extent. He was fast on his feet 
and was the aggressor until Demp- 
sey dropped him. He was knocked 
out with a-couple of clean punches, 
and was strong until the first knock- 
down punch dropped him. 
He wasn’t hit nearly as hard as 
Dempsey hit Willard. In the first 
place, Carpentier was a swiftly mov- 
ing target, and Dempsey had to use 
a snappy punch to get him. With 
Willard, Dempsey swayed into his 
punches and drove them home with 
every ounce of strength he possessed. 
He was hitting at a man who floun- 
dered into the blows. 
If Dempsey had hit Carpentier the 
way he hit Willard he would have 
lifted the Frenchman out of the ring 
or knocked him through the ropes. He 
couldn’t hit Carpentier in the same 
way because Carpentier didn’t stand 
still to ba a punching bag. The body 
blows in each round took away some 
of Carpentier's speed, but. were not 
hard enough to cause any. injury. 
A.few hours after the fight I visit- 
ed ‘Carpentier at Manhasset Bay, 
and he stripped to the waist to show 
me that he didn’t have even the slight- 
est body bruise on his skin from 
Dempsey's body punches. He said the 
body blows. didn’t hurt him, and I 
think he was telling the truth. 
Carpentier may have lost a little 
of his ambition and confidence as a 
result of losing to Dempsey. _He ha 
wanted a chance to fight for the 
heavyweight championship for several 
years, When he refereed the John- 
son-Méran fight in France, he made 
up his mind that he could whip John- 
son. Carpentier told me that if the 
war hadn’t interfered he surely would 
have fought Johnson shortly after 
beating Wells the second time. 
He thought Johnson slow, heavy 
and gone far back as a fighter. 
He thought he could beat Willard, 
because Willard needed twenty-six 
rounds to knock Johnson out. Demp- 
sey was a different proposition, of 
course, but Carpentier confidently ex- 
pected. to beat Dempsey. He didn't 
realize that Dempsey had so much 
speed and skill—didn’t believe it un- 
til he had met Dempsey in the ring. 
Then he admitted mat Dempsey was 
too fast and too good a boxer for him. 
„ was surprised.“ Carpentier told 
me. “I did not believe he was 80 
strong, and at-the same time so fast. 
He was too good for me. I hit him 
as hard as I hit the English fight- 
ers, and he did not go down.” 
Phat line shows why Carpentier 
may have given up hope of winning 
the heavyweight title, he is still am- 
bitious to remain king of the light- 
heavyweight class. I expect to see 
him fight one or two very good ts 
retire from the ring. 
As for Carpentier’s being listless 
in his training work--he was list- 
les enough, at Manhasset Bay. He 
boxed like an amateur, and not a 
very good amateur at that. Appar- 
ently; Carpentier is a temperamental 
athlete, one who needs the spur of 
actual contest to make him show his 
best work. ‘ 
GYMNASIUM 


FIGHTERS. 


I’ve known many boxers who were 
great in the gymnasium and who 
lost their ambition to fight when in 
the ring. 


ren, 
authority, says that Bob Martin, 


tionary forees, is the 
ted to cope with the titleholder. 
4-That Martin would make a fine fig- 


The one big fisbt for Champion 
Jack Dempsey has. worried posite 
tic followers of the world since | 
Georges Carpentier. failed in the. 
test. In this article Robert Edg- 
the world’s foremost boxing 


champion of the American expedi- 


week 


man best fit - 


ure as world's heavyweight boxing 
champion is conceded Mr. 
Edgren, who has followed Martin's 
steady development. "di 


„ . 
It seems to take more than a mere flivver to knock out Bob 
eight boxing champion of the A. E. F. 

Wher. a iv in wich he was riding turned over with Robert, the 
steering column was planted on his chest, and the engine fell out and 
collided with his chin. Reports from West Virginia say that Bob 
heaved his chest and flopped the flivver into the ditch, sat up, and 
asked who was refereeing that bout, anyhow, and what round it was. 


the accident to Martin reached Jack Demp- 
sey, who was visiting at Jack Kearns’ home in Oakland, Cal., Dempsey 
dashed to a newspaper office to get details. 
wasn't seriously hurt Jack sent him a wire wishing him a Merry 
Christmas and a Happy New Year. 


On hearing that Martin 


DECATUR HI 
TEAMS WIN 


The Decatur High school quintests 
jumped off to a lead in the new 
Co-Ed league last night when they 
defeated the quintets from the Kirk- 
wood High school on the latter's 
court, before a fairly good crowd. 

The girls’ game, which was first on 
the program, ended in a 20 to 15 
victory for the Decatur lassies. The 
boys’ score was 21 to 15. Both games 
were very fast, especially was this so. 
of the girls’ contest. The winner 
could not be ascertained in this game 
until the last few minutes when De- 
catur with a nifty spurt took the 
lead just before the whistle blew. 
Kirkwood fought hard to catch up 
with their old rivals, but were un- 
successful. 

Mary Cunningham, the league’s star 
in 1921, seemed to be back in her 
last year’s form, ringing 10 points for 
her team. Martha Ehle came in for 
sécond honors for the winners with 
8 points. Both young ladies played 
good games. For Kirkwood Tastles 
and Nicholas played nieely. 


CADETS ARE 
IN BAD FIX 


The fighting G. M. A. cadets are 
facing probably their most severe ath- 
letic ¢risis in the last two years. 
Things did not look any too good be- 
fore Christmas, with four of last year’s 
varsity missing, but a fairly compact 
little team was organized, and put in 
two good weeks of hard work. All 
this work has gone for nothing now, 
for three of the five men who were 
running on G. M..A.’s temporary var- 
sity have not returned to school. This 
means that a new team will have to be 
scraped together in about seven days. 

Simonwitz, captain, and all-prep 
football half, has “departed for the 
University of Georgia, and along with 
him went Jimmy Perkins, the quar- 
ter. At the same time, Mallie Key- 
nolds, a very promising player, both 
in basketball and football, withdrew, 
and has gone home to Jacksonville, not 
to return. : 

Simonwitz was developing into a 
fair sticking guard, while Perkins was 
a nice little running guard. Reynolds 
was probably better than eithér, and 
was playing a regular forward with 


dja great deal o 


f pep. 

A call for additional candidates has 
been made to the G. M..A. student 
body, and it is hoped that one or two 
promising men can be uncovered in 
the rough. One thing is hopeful, the 
school is behind the team, and will 
stick with it in the face of defeat,, and 
by hard work and sportsmanlike sup- 
port, it is hoped that a good team wilt 
be gradually developed before the sea- 
son is over. 


RUTH PROMISES'BIG. 
NEWS FOR PAPERS 


St. Louis, Mo., January 10.— Babe 
Ruth, appearing here with Welling 
ton Cross, a regular actor, in a vaude- 
ville sketch, spoke a few lines off stage 
to newspaper men. 

The Bambino promised “big news 
for all you boys,” which is taken to 
mean he will appeal to Judge Landis 
in Chicago next week to see what can 
be done about rasing the high com- 
missioner’s suspension, which would 
3 * him out of the game until May 


COLORED “Y”'TO PLAY 
MOREHOUSE TONIGHT 


This evening at 8-o’clock the basket- 
ball team of Morehouse college and 
the colored T. M. C. A. will meet in 
their first game this season. So far 
neither of these teams have been 
beaten, and this game promises to be 
one of the best of the season. 

On Thursday evening at 8 o elock 
the annual members’ meeting will be 

eid. 


ath 


take-all basis, and didn’t care for the 
loser’s end. 

Joe Bernstein was no gymnasium 
boxer, but how he could fight! 


July 10, Toledo 


joint r 


team, in 


of. July 3 and closing at Atlanta, 
Gas the week of October 16. 
The tion of. the i b 
8 ae sage the Kenilworth 


last ‘year. | . 
The schedule follows. 
Week of July 3, North Randall ; 


July 24, Columbus; July 31, Toledo: 
August 7, North Randall; August 14, 
sie; Aumuet BB tend 21, Poughkeep- 


Readville; September 


sie ; 2 Os : 
4, Hartford; September 14, Syracuse; 
September 18 and 25. Columbus; Oc- 
tober 2 and 9, L ton, Ky., and 
n “anpsiated “Bec 

he stewa appointed Secretary 
Harry Sheppard, of Ohio, 
u committee of one to present to the 
int rites committee of the Ameri- 
can and National Trotting associa- 
tion, meeting in Columbus next Fri- 
day. and also to the rules committee 
of the Union Trotting association, the 
following recommendations regarding 
heat ‘races, to take immediate effect: 

“In all races conducted under the 
three-heat plan, any horse winning a 
heat shall take a win-race record. 

“All racing should be conducted 
under the two in three system, ex- 
cept handicaps or dashes.” | 


Scoring Violations. 


On scoring violations the stewards 
recommended the 
rules committees: 


“A rule to be made whereby a 
starter by consent of the presiding 
judge, may punish unruly drivers in 
scoring by substituting a driver for 
that race, or day; or, fine or sus- 
pension from one to seven days, or 
by disqualifying horse and refunding 
entrance fees.”’ ‘ 

Regarding three in five heat racing, 
the stewards made the following rec- 
ommendations to the rules committee: 
In all races under the three in 
five heat plan races saall end at the 
conclusion, of the fifth heat and be 
divided according to summary. This 
rule to be optional with members who 
race on the three in five heat plan.” 

The .stewardy announced that the 
Grand Cire as a body advocates 
the handicap system of racing for 
fast trotters, records to include time. 
heat and win-race records. It was 
recommended that each member. of the 
Grand Circuit try out the handicap 
system for fast record hotses and the 
majority of the members pledged 
themselves to do so. The present of- 
ficials of the Grand Cidcuit were re- 
elected. 


OGLETHORPE 
FRESH PLAY 


BT BILL MORROW. 


Oglethorpe university has been un- 
able to place a varsity cage team on 
their floor this year to represent them, 
due to the lack of an adequate place 
to practice. The freshmen, however, 
have decided to have a team, and 
have held two or three practices on a 
dirt court on Hermance field. The first 
real practice and scrimmage of the 
season was held Monday on the out- 
door court of the Te¢h High school, 
Coach “Mutt’ Stephens taking with 
him a squad composed of 12 men, 

This first practice was way above 
the average, in the opinion of the writ- 
er, though it started a bit slow, soon 
the ball was ringing the baskets with 
a regularity that showed previous ex- 
perience. Passing was a bit irregular, 
but as good as could be expected this 
early in the season. 

Stephens in Charge. 

Coach. Stephens has been in charge 
of- the squad and has shown himself 
to be fully competent. “Mutt” is a 
sophomore and a 
rare ability. 

This freshman team is not a green 
one, nearly every man having at least 
two years rience on prep teams 
of the state. Tiny“ Roberts has 
played four years on the Berry school 
Rome. O. M. Jackson, who 
played forward on Boys’ High last 
year, and who has been shifted to 
guard, at his own request, has had 
two.years’ experience before coming 
to Oglethorpe. “ 

Wyatt has had two years’ experi- 
ence at the Berry school and up to 
date has. been playing at forward, 
Gordy, guard, preped at Tech High, 
where he was a star at football. 
shows promise of developing into an 
excellent basketball player. Harmon 
preped on LaGrange High. 


C. H. EBBETS BEING 
SUED FOR DIVORCE 


New York, January 10.—Oharles H. 
Ebbets, owner of the Brooklyn Na- 
tional league club, is being sued ‘for 
divorce. 

Trial will begin Thursday before 
Justice Joseph Aspinall, in. Brook 
lyn. 5 

The specific charge against the 
„Squire of Flatbush,” as he is wn 
to baseball fans, is that he stopped 
at a hotel in Albany last September 
17 with a woman who is not named. 

A year ago Mrs. Ebbets obtained a 
separation deere. 0 

They have four children. 


‘every day it rains, we are of n 


; July 17, Kalamazoo ;: 


following to both | 


football player of 


visits Atlanta were 


General Nash during their stay 


LAT FRIDAY 


BY JOHN STATON. 
Since ours is a fair weather court, 


eces- 
sity forced to take a physical holi- 
day. This does not mean, however, 
that we enjoy a complete cessation 
of hostilities. For on rainy days, 
Coach Alex usually lectures to 
squad on the rules. A skull drill 
on the signals and then he calls it 
a day. 

There was the -usual round of 
scrimmaging Monday, Varsity against 
Freshmen, Varsity against Scrubs, 
and Elephants vs. Varsity. The Ele- 
phants are composed of thése play- 
ers who are either too much like truck 
horses to do any real good at bas- 
ketball, or else who are trying to get 
in shape for next year’s football. Such 
beef may be found on the Elephant 
team as Oscar Davis (heavyweight 
champion boxer at Georgia 
“Red” Barron, Zuke Gran 
Staton, John McIntyre and 
ter (baby elephant). 

Boys, it’s a noble aggregation. The 


r, John 
ugh Car- 


total tonnage in fighting regalia is 
| about 1,000 pounds. The total speed 


is about the length of à basketball 
court in 20 seconds. Occasionally an 
elephant shoots a basket, but the team 
as a whole is not so proficient in this 
art as it is in runnnig around wild 
and madly leaping, jumping and fall- 
ing in all directions, something like 
the chicken Noah wrote about with 
its head cut off. 
Another Invasion. 

The team makes its second invasion 
Friday, this time going all the way 
over to Alabama for a couple of 
games, The game in Macon was far 
from discouraging. On the whole the 
coaches were immensely pleased with 
the game. It showed that Tech has 


a real fighting machine and is to 


be feared. The Tech basketball team 
‘is fast becoming established. 

Friday night they meet the Bir- 
mingham ‘Athletic club in Birming- 
ham: This game is sure to be a good 
one for Birmingham Athletic club is 
noted for the caliber of basketball 
teams that it turns out. Saturday 
they meet the University of Alabama. 
Here’s one poor soul that craves to 
see that game. 

Last year in the tournament, Tech 
beat Alabama by a hairs-breadth and 
by doing so won her way to the semi- 
finals. Alabama was doped to beat 
Tech, so this was considerable upset 
‘for the Tuscaloosa boys. They beat 
the B. A., C. last Saturday by a com- 
fortable majority, so it’s a lead pipe 
cinch that. they have a sweet aggre- 
gation. And take it from me, they 
are “bloody and loaded for bear.” 
The game will be played in Tusa- 
loosa Saturday. nigth. 

Company football at the school is 
coming: right along. Last Saturday 
a couple of. games were played. Now 
things are. getting so that the good 
are just about weeded from the bad. 
Company football does a lot of good 
for. athletics at Tech. In this way 
good men are developed, who would 
not get into the limelight by any oth- 
er route. Several men on the com- 
pany teams always graduate to the 
scrubs the next. year, and some have 
come up to the varsity. 


HANSELL HEADS | 


LOCAL’ CHAPTER 
3 OF ENGINEERS 


W. A. Hansell, of the McDougal 
Construction company, was elected 
president of the atlanta chapter of 
the American Association of Engi- 
neers Tuesday night at the annual 
meeting of the chapter in the Daffodil 
tearoom. ther officers elected were 
C. F. Wagoner, first vice president; 
J. P. Awerson, second vice president; 
48. acewell, secretary and treas- 
urer, and H. L. Collier, H. L. Grimes, 
H. D. Cutter, Jr., and R. P. Oster- 
hout, members of the executive com- 


mittee. 

Plans for the reception of C. E 
Drayer, national secrefary, when he 
completed at 
Tutsday night’e meeting, He will! 
confer with the executive committee 
on January 25, and when he returns 
on February 1 he will address all At 
ane engineers who desire to Lear 

im. 


WAR DEPARTMENT 
OFFICIALS VISIT 
FORT MPHERSON 


Assistant Sécretary of War J. May- 
hew Wainwright ‘and Major. General 
James G. Harbord, deputy chief of 
galt of the United States army, spent 

uesday in Atlarta, making a thor- 
ough inspection of Fort McPherson 
and Camp Jessup. | 

The officials from Washington are 
making a tour of important army res- 
ervations. They left Atlanta for Co- 
lumbus late“ Tuesday afternoon, and 
after arriving there will go at. once to 
Camp Benning for an inspection of the 
infantry school. 

The war department representatives 
made an official visit to Mayor Key, 
Governor Hardwick and Adjutant 
12 


charged the prep teams. 


“a 3 
0 2 as 
* 2 ; 


> * 


BY ROY E. WHITE. ‘hg 

The prep league meeting which was 

postponed from last Wednesday night ~~ 
will be held tonight at the Boys’ 

High school building at 8 o'clock. ~~ 

President Boon announced lay” os 

afternoon that the meeting will de 


sentative to be present as some very 


important matters will 
The prep basketball 
be taken up again and officially adopt- 
ed. The openi 
ball season has be 
14, Saturday night, but the’ 


taken up. 


and teams have not been definitely ~ 


decided upon. a 


It has been planned to have all the 


games at the City Auditorium court 


two on Tuesday afternoon and two on 
Saturday afternoon, thus leaving one 
team idle on each of these days. The 
committee appointed to secure the 


* Auditorium court for these games will 


lia ble 
hass 
a very favorable report to make a 


make its report at the meeting.. 
It has been learned from a 
prep magnate that the committ 


the only hitch in the matter is in 
reference to the fees that will be 
The Audt- 
torium authorities are making the 
charges unusually high for the prep 
teams and the committee is working 
on that particular phase of the 
question. , 
Two-For-One.“ 

The admission price for the games 
has not been set, but whatever they 
are, it entitles the holder to witness 
both games for the one admission 
price. 

Several other important matters 
will be taken up at the meeting and 
every league director and represerta- 
tive is urged to be present. 

Considerable gloom was cast over 
the University school basketball can- 
didates Tuesday afternoon when it 
was officially announced that Captain 
Rubenstein will not be able to play 
any basketball this season. Ruben- 
stein was hurt during the football 
season and his knee has been giving 
him considerable trouble since. He 
has not been out for practice at all 
and if he even gets to practice during 
the season it will be a miracle. 

Flake Laird has been chosen as 
alternate captain and is handling the 
team at present. With Rubenstein 
on the hospital list for the season 
and the campaign opening up Satur- 
day night, Coach Boon is beginning 
to lose quite a bit of sleep figuring 
out a way for the Bluebird“ five to 
go through the 1 successfully. 


Laird has been shifted to a forward 
position and Russ Freeman has heen 
playing the center position. Freeman 
has not been able to hit his regular 
stride in practice due to an injury 
in football, but he will be in the 
line-up Saturday afternoon: 

Tom Angley, former Fulton. High 
forward; Murry, Walsh, Peil and 
several others are among the number 
trying for the position left vacant 
by Rubenstein. The guard positions 
seem to have resulted in a scramble, 
T. Well. B. Boswell, Quarles: and 
others, with Quarles and T. Boswell 
having a slight e. the above 
candidates Coach n is resting the 
burden of the basketball season at 
University school. | ji 


CALL BELLE ISLE TAXICAB 


eee eee 


You'll Have to 


Hurry! 


If You Get That 


edule wilt © 


date of the basket- 
set for January — 


As for myself, I’ve given up looking 
them over in training and deciding 
how they'll go when they get into 
the ring. It can't be done. 


Faculty delegates to the annual 
meeting of the National Collegiate, 
Athletic association sadly pproved - 
of the “big money” side of modern col- 
7 soon. 9 5 — — ba or 
of a feature in eges, 

Perhaps 80, from the 3 of 
the professor. But thousands of men 
who have become national figures in 
finance and other limes had their first 
lessons in college sports. usands 
of college athletes have found their 


Young Otto, of New York, was a 
gymnasium marvel. He . as undoubt- 
ed champion of the world in a gym- 
nasium. , But in a real fight his 
amazing skill and his ‘ tremendous 
punch vanished. Otto knocked out 
a long liat of mediocre opponents and 
was touted as “another Joe Gans.“ 

Any youngster who delivered a 
good poke used to be called “another 
Joe Gans” or “another Terry McGov- 
ern, 


not remit the $3, fine a 
against the defiant trio. ; 
Three teams of eight men each will 
represent w York, Boston and 
Philadelphia in the tri-city amateur 
boxing tournament in Madison Square 
Garden next week, the best local ama- 
teur boxers in their respective cities. 
The teams have been selected by a 
S 
particular interest in the lightweight ; 
and heavyweight contests, in view of] Young Otto was finally matched 
the search for opponents for Benny] against Leach Cross, who was then 
Leonard and Jack Dempsey. 4 7 show up rather well. 
— “athe ‘saw that fight. : 8 
Benny Leonard, back from his very Otto fairly massacred Cross on his 
unsuccessful barnstorming tour, which feet, landing that awful wallop of his 
got him as far as Milwaukee with no — sending Leachie reeling around 


Financial returns, has with and around the ring. ga 
Ricka Hebtweicht title. He 


were of 

whic was not desirable to stop. 
Mr, Griffith requested adjournment 
indefinitely, but, on appeal by Mr. De 
Valera, consented to fix the date as 
February 14. A general agreement 
was thus reached. 

Mr. De Valera, however, had not 
exhausted all his requests for infor- 
mation. He arose again to ask re- 
garding the position of the army. Rich- 
ard Muieahy, the new minister of de- 
fense, announced that it would be his 
policy to keep the army absolutely 
| intact. Mr. De Valera said an order 

to the army should be given in the 
name of the organized republic. The 
minister replied that the. army would 
continue as the army of the republic. 
a this De Valera expressed satisfac- 

on. 
. Labor Asks Aid. 

Immediately after luncheon. the. dail 
was brought face to face with an ur- 
gent practical matter by a deputation 

m the Irish labor party. depu- 
tation submitted the question of un- i th 
employment in Ireland and the stand- | limit. ed “as” 
ard of living. The situation was de- stood and should be able to take off 
clared to be serious, and the dail was a pound by training. 
bantamweight4 
to * 


asked to deal with the problem. Mr. — 
Griffith promised that a committee Johnny Buff, the 
mpion, is determined to r BEST 
— IN RING. 


would be appointed to inquire into the | cha 
Europe before be ; 
n McFadden, remem be by | cellence. 
‘ F ‘part of any col 
f he Joe periods and reci 


2 a statement. 9 


—— 


GRIFFITH IS NEW... 
IRISH PRESIDENT 


‘ —— — — 


the e 5 ots, and this will un- 
De Vale 


Isn’t it about time to stop 
the high cost of deliveries? 


$1395 


„% doubtedly erienced throughout 


Irelanck 


You Money“ 
’ de W : 
‘ : . < 3 3 
630.00 Suit. 18.00 
„ „„ „ « 
n S 9 
e 
| $40.00 Suit 
7 . > 
é : 5 
* > 0.00 » — 2 ta 
15 f 4 „ „ „ oe. a gee 
‘$60.00 Sit 30.00 | 
+ | 1 
0 1 „ „„ „ „ 0 * 5 * 
. : 1 a ee 
a ; a * 5 14 1 ee 


gat 25% Reduction 


the dail, which 


to 
lit. Me De Valera confined 
est t | election of a new 


rd to defend his But Cross was a gamester. | 
in Madison Square Garden on Feb- would not go down. At last. while 
ruary 10. The opponen ‘yet | Otto was swinging a wicked one in- 
been picked. Leonard tended to knock Leachie for a: row 
‘af minutes, Leachie swung blindly and 
landed at the same instant that Otto's 
failing fist reached him. Leach didn’t 
‘go down. But Otto did. And looking 
up from the floor Otto decided right 
there that fighting was no business. 
That was the finish of another Joe 
Gans.” . 


. which, accord- 
bverts the re- 


* . 

„ During the luncheon hour, Mr. De 
a Valera and his assistants, who left 
the hall, held a private meeting. Some 

of the more ardent spirits advocated. 
refusal to return, but moderate coun- 
Les prevailed and the dail reassembled 
ns a united body. The De Valera party 
* again tonight to formulate 
plans for the future, but it was made 


evident b the ga 
Je Valera those 
from Mr. . at 
5 be are. \ Lei. f 5 bog „ 9 | 
a 3 2 es re 5 a 


work of the college—which is after : 
all to turn out men and women of all- 
around § ability—not merely — 


worms. 
Times change. We are getting 
around to the ancient notions of the 
Greeks again. The Greeks believed 
e man while was the man 
mental and physical e- 


ars. 
4 


matter. 
a whack at the 
ed down an 
Smith. 


hes 
plans 


my, PE 


college course as 
wae Seder 
— 


42 


Are 
„% fern but [Gang.out. He of t 
t rs * ve at . ee + 1 28 be 98 
We ot ae * 5 
5 . : : , 


ria 


on Ge. rr 1 ‘ a 
0 r gh ** ae wha, SIS 
We en eh inti hal e 


+ ei 
7 ig’ 
>in he 
2 


4 r 
« 7 7 * 


7 


„ 
33 
293 
8 
5 + 
25 0 
— 
tas 
i 


— wRmùñꝛ 


— night issued a call to members of the 


"ee ee “ 
git sy 
— 8 


Ae 


2 
a 


8 


* 


* N 
ae 
7 : 


ox 
* 
8 } 
z 
5 A. = 
‘ 
3 
99 ts * 
4%, 3 
* oie 
% 
— 


55 “oughly into all matters pertaining to 


* Wednesday afternoon at 4:30 o’clock. 
le stated that he was anxious that all 


he on 
2 * 


re 


A PER ET AN RPO ee ARs en, Ce OCR RAPT Re OE peste a 
SFFFFFFFFFCFCCCCCTCTCCCCCCCCTT aN eae 
> 7 * ie — eX, sees 1 
. 2 , : ; : Ay 


ie — of Mr. 
a e not actually reached so far by 


FF 
„ a Ag RE a. 
Paes SSS, tape 8 3 


8 1 ee 2 | 


3 
1 „ 


K | 2 
ie 
5 


° 
* 


_ Washington, and Mer- 
“= eer and Underwood in 
Conference Here. 


Plans for launching the Woodrow 
Wilson million-dollar foundation drive 


oS 


ence J. Owen, of Washington, for 
many years secretary of the Sotth- 
ern ‘Commercial congress, and now 
traveling agent of the Wilson fund 


5 
me en 
= aa * 
4 0 
* 
a 


i Campaign, and Jesse E. Mercer, head | 


aye Atlanta organization, and Mar- 
Underwood, member of the na 
committee of the foundation. 
Owen, who spent the day at 
e Georgian Terrace and left Tues- 
night to push the 1 work 
i 

employed by the At- 

roganization and went thor- 


campaign. 
Local Chairman Mercer Tuesday 


mmittee to meet at the office of Mr. 
erwood in the Candler building 


Wilson, particularly 


foundation campaign, be present at 
mis time and participate in the ses- 
_ sion. 
Mr. Mercer also drew atten- 
tion to the fact that not a single pen- 
ny of donations to the fund can be 
Used in any way exceptin in actual 
awards for distinguished service along 

lines of the ideals of democracy, peace 
; world brotherhood conceived by 
2 ae former president. 

No E Sheets. 

All funds collected will be used ex- 
sively for this purpose, and ex- 
mses incidental to collecting the 
und will be personally defrayed by 
rominent men who are interested in 
movement. 

e foundation should be partici- 
ted in by all persons who are ad- 
irers of the ideals of Mr. Wilson, 

he committee states, and all sums 
ill be welcomed no matter how small 
r how large. 


> Ph 1 A Ld r N 4 ot t es —— 8 tee 4 7 N tS uw 1 . e - 8 x 3 Ay ; 
pit AE e eee BO Gc AK ate — RNS Rage ees ask e S 
* R ᷣ Sew Tipe iar eA, 


| committee, com- 
0 — 250 representa-- 
omen of the country, 
Roosevelt, 


; 1 7: N 5 
4 national 

tive men 
headed by Franklin D. 


campaign. 
Stovall State Chairman. 

“Cleveland H. Dodge is chairman 
of the executive committee. 
ant A. Stovall, of Savannah, is state 
chairman for Geor and he deter- 
mines for himself and directs the 
state organization in congressional 
districts, counties and communities 
and reports direct to the ecutive 
director at national headquarters. 


“He has designated as state treas- 
urer for the foundation William Mur- 
phy, of the Citizens and Southern 
bank, Savannah. 


“Subscriptions to the foundation in 
Atianta may be sent to Mr. Murphy 
direct, or through The Atlanta Con- 
stitution, or The Atlanta Journal. 
In this connection, it is important 
to know that no part of the money 
subscribed will be, or can be, used 
for expenses of the campaign. Ev- 
ery dollar received by the national 
treasurer will go toward the endow- 
ment of the Woodrow Wilson 
beat heaé Expenses of the na- 


tional headquarters have been met 
by a group of friends, so that no 
part of the subscriptions will be 
used for defraying these expenses. 
Similar arrangements have been 
made by the state chairman, Mr. 
Stovall, and the local committee 
in Atianta will, and must, meet all 
expenses entirely outside of the sub- 
scriptions to the Woodrow Wilson 
foundation fund. Not a stamp or ͤtei- 
egram can be paid for out of the 
subscription money, and, in fact, 
none of the subscriptions will be 
handled by apy member of the local 
committee, but will go direct to the 
treasurer, Mr. Murphy, through The 
Constitution and Journaland Treas- 
urer Murphy will forward the funds 
to national headquarters. 
May Remi Direct. 


„It is, however, entirely permissi- 
ble for a local subscriber to remit 
direct to the Woodrow Wilson 
foundation, 150 Nassau street, New 
York city. In any case, every sub- 
scriber, of as muck as one dollar, 
will be furnished a certificate stat- 
ing that he or she is a founder of 
the Woodrow Wilson award. 

The local chairman, Jesse E. Mer- 
cer, has a supply of receipt blanks 
that may be used for subscriptions 
sent to The Constitution and The 
Journal. Attached to each of the 
receipts is a coupon to be filled out 
with full name and address of the 
subscriber and forwarded to the 
Woodrow Wilson foundation, 150 
Nassau street, New York, for a cer- 
tificate, worthy to be framed, a cred- 
it to any office or me. 

„It is the purpose of the commit- 
tee to have the name of every sub- 
scriber published in the local pa- 
pers. Where a subscriber prefers 
not to have his name used, the word 
‘friend,’ ‘democrat,’ ‘admirer’ or 
other pseudonym may be used 


The following data concerning the 


the ‘published lists.” 


dial.) — 4 large 
eitizens is 


Dublin, Ga., 


tage 

8 highly incensed over the 
action of mayor and council 
denying petition of several hundred 
names, requesting that council recon- 
sider or rescind its action at first 
meeting this year in i E. 8. 
Ennis, of Milledgeville, as chief of 

ice 23 the applications of several 

8 


The petitioners held a mass meeting 
recently and presented council with a 
long list of names signed to a protest 
against the election of Ennis. Coun- 
cil forthwith agreed to give careful 
consideration to prayers of petitioners, 
and stated that a decision would be 
given citizens at a recess session of 
council tonight. ‘ 

Mayor J. B. Jones consumed several 
minutes in the outset of the meeting in 
explaining why council elected Ennis 
over Dublin applicants, eulogizing the 
new chief and generally trying to pre- 
pare the minds of his hearers for the 
reception of the denial vote of council 
on their petition. After some delay, 
the mayor announced his readiness to 
entertain a motion on the petition of 
indignant citizens, and Alderman Join- 
er moved to “deny prayers of peti- 
tioners.” A second was had at once 
and five members voted to sustain 
their former position, while Aldermen 
Lawson and Jernigan voted “No.” * 

Immediately upon the announce 
ment that petition had been denied, 
a mass meeting of citizens was called 
for Wednesday night in the conrt- 
house, when steps to be taken to fur- 
ther insist upon a change in the posi- 
tion of the chief of police will be dis- 
cussed. : 8 

There appears to be no criticism of 
Ennis, except that he is an “out-of. 
town man,” and that competent citi- 
zens of Dublin had applied for the 
place, and that, all things being 
equal, a local man should have been 
selected for the place. 


— 


Winners in S-Puzzle 


Magnify the possible S-words 
with one of our 


MAGNIFYING GLASSES 
All kinds—aAll sizes. 


OCKSTA‘OF 
OPTICAL COMPANY 
IO Noxth Broad ft 


st. i; 
, 


ser I/O ROO eee 
Z. 
— oS 


= 


e| 


r. Consumer 


„ E. ig 
7 
, 


8 ‘ 
oe See SSS 


n 


At Home, January 10, 1922. 


Dear Mr. Consumer: 


I am writing you again to remind you of a matter 


in which I know you are interested. 


I say INTERESTED, because I know of your love 


for our home folks—your loyalty to all those things that 
make for a better community in which to live. 


‘Knowing this, I want to keep before your mind some 


of the things——in fact, one particular thing—that does 


so much to build up and to help your home community. 


That is YOUR PATRONAGE of the plants and fac- 
tories operated here at home by home concerns, and in 
which thousands of home people are employed. 


You do not need to be told that such a practice gives 
stimulus to the establishment of home enterprises—en- 
courages new factories and plants—and adds financial 
and industrial prestige to any community. | 


You_are old enough and wise enough to know that 
when you spend your money at home it comes 
back to you again. You know that no product 
is the better just because it has a foreign 
label on it. You know that we have right 
here in our midst. many factories and 
plants whose products are just as good, 
and cost no more, than similar prod- 
ucts made anywhere. 


Keep things alive at home. Boost 
your home manufacturers. Help to 
build up your section.-Call for the 
goods made at home. 


Yours for a prosperous 1922, 
HOME MANUFACTURER. 


! “ W. 
a ee 
K n 
25 . “i 4 8 2 


January 10. 4 


t iu 


FUN AND HAPPINESS 
HERE FOR YOU 


Try it. It is easy. With⸗ 
out any trouble whatever, 
you can readily see such 
objects as shovel,“ 
„Sack, „sign, etc. Can't 
you? Well, the others are 
just as easy to see, but the 
idea is who can find ‘the 
most. Fifteen big cash 
prizes will be given for the 
fifteen best lists of “S- 
words” submitted in an- 
swer to this puzzle. The 
person sending in the larg- 
est and nearest correct list 
of visible objects shown in 
the picture, starting with 
the leter 8,“ will win 
first prize; second best, 
second prize, etc. 


\ 


$4,360.00 IN CASH 


é. 


HOw... * 
MANY VISIBLE OBJECTS 
IN THE PICTURE BELOW BEGIN 
ITH THE LETTER “8”? 


ed 
SS 
271 


— 2 


HOW TO SOLVE 
THE PUZZLE 


Are you standing in the 
background waiting for 
Dame Fortune to smile 
upon you? Possibly she 
will, but it’s more probable 
she won't. She only smiles 
upon those who show her 
they are out to make good 
— are willing to do their 

it. 


An abundance of brain 


- 7 ¢ 4 it \ 
8 4 hy „ 
j mel , nl Hiab 
¢ ' 
fs \ = Vb ye i 
> 4 it * ; 
‘ \ \+ 9 PMA TET thy 


Me ddl ce 
Oey 


\ 


1 0 N A. 
a . 


di ö 0 25 „% 
Dine V tie 
* 0 Ls t 72 ' fi . } 
ite 4, equa) 
‘ ‘4 * j * nt 


or brawn is not 8 to 
play the game. happy 
disposition, together with 
determination to win 
$1,500, a pencil and paper, 
and you're ready to take 
your part in the simplest 
and easiest way to attain a 
young fortune, and you 
may rest assured unlimited. 
pleasure will accompany 
you during the time ney 
spend making up your list. 


OFFERED WINNERS OF GAME 


If your list of “S-Words”” is awarded FIRST prize by the judges, you will win $50.00, but if you would like to win more than $50.00, we are making 
the following Special offer whereby you can win BIG CASH PRIZES” by sending in ONE or TWO subscriptions. 


HERE’S HOW: If your answer to the S- Word“ Picture Puzzle wins FIR ST prize, and you have sent in ONE six months’ subscription to The Atlanta 


Constitution at $5.00, you will receive $500.00 instead of onl 
figures in prize list.) : 
OR, if your answer wins FIRST Prize and you have sent in TWO six months’ subscriptions to The Atlanta Constitution at $5.00 each, 


subscription to The Constitution at $9.50, you will receive $1,500.00 in pl ace of only $50.00; Second prize, $1,000; Third prize, $1,000, etc. (See 


third column of figures in prize list.) 


We can take subscriptions to start at any future date. 


until you say. 


The 


Three First Prizes 


Alone 
Represent a 
Fortune. 
Win Your 
Share. 


1 


Winning Answers Will Receive Prizes as Follows: 


Prizes given Prizes given 
a b if 


it 


4 


y $50.00; Second prize $350.00; Third prize $350.00,,etc. (See second column of 


or ONE yearly 


Just mark on your order when you want the paper to start, and we will not commence delivery 


~ * 


The 
S8-Word“ Puzzle 
Game 


1. Any man, woman, girl or boy, who 
ig not an employee of The Atlanta 
Constitution, or a member of an em- « 
ployee’s family, may submit an an- 
wer. It costs nothing to try 

2. All answers must be 
W 2 21, 1922. 7 


sheet. 


3 etc. 
= ord’’ with 
number. Write your full name and 


SUBSCRIPTION RATES E 


DAILY AND SUNDAY 
SUBSCRIPTION RATES 
By Mail, Carrier or Agent 


6 Months ............$5.00 
1 Tear 9.50 


Only regular subscriptions of 
six months for $5 and one year 
for. $9.50 will count in the puz- 
ale game. 4 


* * — — 
E we. 
* * n 
SAE. 
a F i>, . 
© r 
ane Ne 
* 2 3 * 
. * 
a < 


on each e in the upper 
right-hand corner. Or 3 
write anything ede, use a separate 


4. Only words found in the English 
ctionary will be counted. Do ont aan 
plural, but where the 1 
— cannot be counted and vice 

5. Words of the same spelling can 


: / 
| 
- 
i | 
af 8 


* 


OBSERVE THESE. SIMPLE RULES 

be used only once, even though used to | 
designate different objects. The same 
object can — named only once; how- 
ever, any ¥ e part of the object may 
also! be named, * 

6. The person sending in the largest 
. 
w n e, etc. Neatness, style 
and hand-writing have no be 
deciding the winners. 2 

7. Candidates may co-operate in an- 4 
swering the puzzle, but only one prize stitution is sent in, 


BIG PRIZE QUALIFYING BLANK 


i J. L. DECKER, Puzzle Manager, 
The Atlanta Constitution, Atlanta, Ga. 


If you desire to 


beer 1 
betty 8 


A-8511 
S 

a ; 

; 


Enclosed please find ...... for The Atlanta Constitution, to qualify 
i my list of “S-words” for the larger bo oster prizes, Oh abd tanaka 


Name C8 eeeoers ees „ „6 „6 6 „ „6 66 66 „ „„ „%% Name 6 „ „% %%%%„„%„ „%%% % % „K „ „ „ „ 6 „ „ „„ „ 6060 


Postoffice 2 %%% COE SSSrteseseTeseceeeee Postoffice SOC eerescsereoetecheseecsoseseed 
K 


Street SOPOT OOS „ „„ „6 6 6 6 eeesececccesoss Mmrect 6 „%%% „ „%%% „% „% „%% „„ „% „ 6% 6 „%% 66% „6 60„60 


R. F. D. State — Fe F. D. 


„ate SP 6 %%% „%%% „ „„ 60 60„67 


State new or rene wal. . State new on . 10 
THE ABOVE SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE TO BE CREDITED ro ee 


„„ „„ „ „ „ „0 8 < ‘ x ~ 
+ „enen „ „ „ „ „ SEE OEE „„ „%%% ͤ „%% „% %%„%„%„%„%„„% „%„%„%„%„ „ „„%„%„ „ 00 „ „% 
The Aland in remitting, use — orders, or blank drafts | te . 
ö n : Const * 2 ry 5 ö Bish xs . . . ee 5 . 2 2 + * Boe. * ae 25 br 
ee cake ee aa Ree Ee Lat ff pomeicieaimeaiices  <* gle ak sri 
n 2 a 2 258 5 2 n f 8 Katte, Sia ine Uae „ 8 
7 5 1 tay ee 9 7 82 ’ we . 1 


7 
** 


: If you have friends or relatives 
living in the country, or in fact any 


place out of Atlanta, whose sub- 


scriptions you would like to send in, 
we will be glad to accept them to 
qualify your answer. ‘ 


, 
F — 
— Em... NS nese aoe 
F rr — 2 — — — —ͤ—ê 
— — — 


— ——— — —— 


— 


—— — 
r . renga 

P ———— ees — 
— ee 


— — 
1 


= ~ : — — — 
7 ee ee 


R F. D. READERS | 


We want R. F. D. and town sub- 
scribers to know that this puzzle 
game is meant for them as well as 
those living in the city. i 


— 


8 Fad ¢ 8 N Fag * Agios tS 
Soa ee, 8 N * 8 SS! meee 22 of goo 
r UBS PES PT Ps ea ee A 7 2 . res ee . 2 4 
5 e N + = * . a: 2 Z 5 * 
8 Rae ** —E K — * 
* — « — — * * ad Ana 4, 
=" 7 f 5 > 


2 
een ie 
: COED A aa el ne Me U N tae * n F * — 
N F en Rane . Re BS Se Fm 
* ro) 1 1 — 5 5 2 q 


2 


+ ae cas Ma ee MAS d ae 
4 , 4 * N Ns 3 rd * * a i — ind ld 3 ‘ 
= p ae a ee * gr ere ! . 1 ** 
8 N N N 2 0 ; . 1 . 4 
* n . F 7 hae n * ＋ 1 +f * * = i 
J 2 " 2 . -_ - 1 & N 1 7 2 1 
®, ö ‘ * 5 . — * N 4 
N . , 3 . — — 7 
oh A 
N 8 Saag: os 8 : * 4 23 
N 0 A ; ey *, N 0 0 4 - *. 4 3 1 
2 8 ‘ e N — ms, = > “ ’ 
' ? 5 é : - * “a etsy * 2 
2 a . al 4 * . 
: : a 0 . . 
* — 
- ‘ * I * 4 
ae 1 1 1 1 
* — * * 1 ~ 0 — ry = 
- : = 


* Pita 


RS, . 


che. x a, See * . 2 1 a 2s : 5 
ö n 2 8 if eee 
ses = 9 83 ae 8 SRE Stee 3 
5 eg 22 A a . abs Pie 5a 
„ i eee, ay a * i . ‘ * * 
7 * L * * * , x 5 — * a 3 cm * =. ceo — a "pee ee se 25 
-— : 8 it 2 4 “ 
A 8 ee . * a * ; a 
: J 2 ; | * 
— ‘ * 5 
* i i : : 
a S 
L * 7 7 * ‘ * ; 
S8 8 i ’ 2 N 
7 * 4 
* > 
1 — 8 , ; 
J * * 


— 
1 


15 


5 77 
4 


rr 
SPP Pet „% „% „% „%'[ 


Central 232244646 


7. A. 7% 7 7 


3 
. 
— 


* © “es SP + eee eee eeses * 


y 


2 


aug 


-$ 1,189,207. 
13, 8148 


25353 


Decreage . . 2 
— — — 
= —— 
ATLANTA QUOTATIONS 5 

SPOT COTTON MARKET. gi 
. ssssssetens ME 
Stock, bales 


— 
ATLANTA QUOTATIONS 


1 Washington, January 10.—Cotton ginner rior te January 1 0 f 
to 7,884,272 running bales, including 123.320 — he „ as hajf 
, bales; 30,093 bales of American-Egy lan, and 3.106. bal Sea I . 
TTT... eng tn [Ames Eee Se 
2 7 er can- ’ * “ad 7 ¥ 
Ginnings by states to January 1 = hang = a 2 1 che N 2 Tee 
759,687 


Alabama 253 8 
Arizona 
Arkansas eee :. 
California geen. 
Florida FA 
GEORGIA oF PCC ODO Bh Hb sc 
‘Louisiana ef ibis bigs. 
Mississippi 

Missouri 
North Carolina 
Oklahoma 


ve 
As 
eee eeees 8 
a 
om 


. 
: 


= 


os és “ees * 


a 
= 
2 


4 
: 


n 


3 
4 


25 


ab 
2 


Bs 
~ 


BA 
* 
„„ „„ „6 


e 
„„ 


5 


bo 
** 


25 


3 

, : 
* 9 
* re 


OO SO 0OSG0 cess cebede 39. xX 


as 


225 


32: 
err ial tt 


2 
2 


cent . 
the east is much better today than in the west which has 
case of following the liquidation growing out of 


nerves 
troubles 
at 3 1-2 per cent, the lowest renewal 
Oney was again quoted at 4 1-2 per cent. 
today that before the end of the week 
would cut its rediscount rate to 4 
2 on November 2. Outside of C. 3 
reduction in the Linters, . 
— cn . — —.— : 


Linters, second 
grade lots e e te 


——— 
0 s furn 
Henry L. Doherty & 


deh, 


win 
Balt:more and Ohio ...... Cees 
Bethlehem Steel R „„ 
Canadian Pacific * 
Central Leather 


ey 


SaSERRS 
85 


$53 
N 


— 
88 

* 

— 

— 

S 

N 


88 Esauesiheee 


Kr N ge 


8 8 
Se 
RE 


& 


5887 


„ö „ „ „„ 


882 
FRE 
rina 
ea 


CO pet 


& Pacific... 9 


— 


885 


* 8 
. 4 a * 
W 3 50 
enn N 4 ö 
3 4 12 8 
om D 4 1 * 
r „ x foe 


E 
88858 


ennessee Copper 


a * MPP PPP eee sees 


TPO Ptebeteses 


28 


ja, 
tee reeescee Oey N 
. ereeveec ll. * 
ed rte 


sack e 
% @.00 


ad ax 


2 
885 
28 


228 
N 


* 


3 2 
bide 


teel- 2929 „„ * „„ 6 * N „ede 
Sugar x 
-Johnson 


—1 eut, high- 


885 


f 4 ' —— — 4 — —̃ — 
11.564.648 10,008,920 10,773,863 


Reports of Southern Sales 
In Cotton Break Market —.— 


1 Invincible Ou 


March Declines From | —— ‘lower, Prices will have to Kennecott ‘Coppers 
HUBBARD BROS. & co. Mexienn pad Nashville 
18.55 to 17.93—Genera] Fe Og ca 
Close Steady at 14 to 50; Graduat een r 
Points Net Lower. arly 


Middle States Oil 
RANGE In NEW YORK COTTON. 
| ! | | Prev, 


n/ Aigh|Low | Close } Close. 


5 „ 0 18.40 18.8517 18.05 

+ S@eres 118.40 18.55 17.93 18.00 
+ ++«7{18,02/18.10/17.58/17 65 
. 17.40 17.5817. 1317.16 
'16.72/16.77|16.82/16.38 


Closed steady, 
RANGE IN NEW IRLEANS COTTON. | 
- | Prey. 


1 f i | 
Open Higu Low Close Close, 
94 112 1 no 17.30 


1 


e 


. 


8 
— 
8 
* 


** „%%% 6 


Say 
2 


& 
88 


Bn 

— 
$33 
e N 


8 
8 


eB Stee] N 
Unites States Steel, Pfd. 
Ita 
Vanadium Corp. 
Virginia-Carolina Chemica) 
Western Union 
Westinghouse Electric .... 
Rar Orerland 7 


t North 
Gulf States 
Tilinois 


822 


3885 


82 
2 115% 
1 2 
304 


rR 


„000, the 

27 banks and trust 

Federal Reserve bank. 

to $89,000,000. These 

dation that has taken 
why money is easier, 


————̃ — — 


| ‘focal Produce Market | 


Following are Tices ed by wholesalers 
to retailers. Correct regular! State 
— of Markets, State Capitol, “adios 


2 
ee 


Cities Service 
Cities Service 
Cities Service 
Cities Service, co 
Cities Service, bankers 


January  10.—Potatoes . : ; 1 
J. W. JAV & CG. 
COTTON MERCHANTS 


— r — 
——ů— — 


Chicago, 
Wisconsin 


were 

local traders 

Sappointed at 

The genning 

ibly 8,000, 

demand 

Price movements — 

Some are of , 
t holders may 


QND MARKET 


» — 


A ta, 


more to do with 

statistical situation. 
the opinion that southern-s 
weaken and liquidate should the market o 
lower. March Liverpool due Wednesday, 
10.70, OBVIS BROS. & CO. 


Prev. c 
n. High. Low. Close. Close. | 
„ re 5% 95% 


Belgian —— 105 
Belgian 2 105 


Open. High. Low. 
00 1 100 
* . 102% 108 
107% 107% 
98% 98 
102 102 


Jan. 
There are a 


0755 = however, N 

in ice and t 

COTTON STATEMENT Bs: PRI he oto shares during the bast few days un- 
Port Movement, I 44 83 % 831% 0 ; 04 d-r the leadershi rie have been 
— 788, urg 328830 elpts, e . 100% 100% 100% 100% based on the fear that before the 
jiddiing, 17.80. receipts, 11, % 106% —— es 105% 166ag 108% | final turn for the better is made one 

1: exports, 3,428; sales, 1,087; stock, 107% 107% 107% .. 108% 103 2 Ha 108 * io or more railroads will “give up the 
; 94% 95 94 ghost” to show the imperative need 


841,768, . „„ 10, 106% 106 106% 104 
ikea Oo dee nt, 3 receipts, 465; Westinghouse Blesisic ane 105% 105% 105% 100% 105% of Wage reduetions. Pennsylvania 
2 r . Ws cut its dividend last April, it will be 
3; exports, 750; sales, 64 stock, 100, Burlington 633 recalled, before the 12 per cent wage 
197 Canadian National 5088 cut was ordered, whereas many other 
earning no more than Pennsyl- 


8 Canadian No A if ri ‘ee ee eee 
: hesape paid regular dividends out of Pure 25-30 average, per ib 
ated surplus. However, as — 


Chicago ard, tu per ee en 

. C. as far ahead as can now be Compound lard, tubs, . 

i chance, and VEGETABLES. 
Cabbage, ct 


any of them. et. 


„ Onions, ‘yellow, 
steel compa Sweet’ potatoes 


ng on 
these 


fork Coffee and Sugar 
880 R 
LIVERPOOL COTTON e en 


Liberal edvances made 1m cet cotton fer 
CORRESPONDENCE INVITED 
25 RROAD STREET, New York 


TRADE SAFELY: 


IN THE sTOCcK mM 
10 SHARES i 


7 DAY 
OPTION FoR Profits 
Issue 


Any Stock Exchange 
$10 . PUTS & 


Goldhurst & Company 


Bread Street, New York 


10155 101% 2 


% 107% 1 yee auld 


New cece 
4,523; sales, POPs ee 0 6 6 „0 
Galveston: Middling, 


7s **eeeesedes 105%; 105%, 


Corn m 068 


bb 


J a II. 
Mar. 


* „„ 


17.01/17. 04 17.30 
16.9216.98 17.25 
17.02 Tepes 116.83 
16:11/15.78 15.80 (15.97 


POC eee eeseeees 


73%, 78% 
10844 108% 108i 


a et. „ee 
7 it, parched, per ib, 


0 | 16.12) 
Closed steady, 


— 


AMERICAN EXCHANGE. 

New York, January 10.— (Special. )~~The 
following were the ruling quotations on the |. 
American Cotton and Grain kxchange, Inc., 
Juesday: 


„ receipts, 492; 


541; stock, 142,603. 96% 


96 
1084 10814 


Industrial, 
American Tel, & Tel. Co. Trust 5s. 
Atlantic Ref. 64s 
Bell Tel. 
Bethlehem 


92% 93 1081) 108% 108 
104 86 * 86 86 
„ 105% 106% 105% 1061, 

NOR SR 105% 105% 105% 10532 100% 

85 ioe 107% 106% 106% yogi, | Dies are advanc 
ET tyke } 

l 87% gs 83 - These same wir report that 
———— | Completed appraisals fix Youngstown 
| Sheet and Tube as worth $134:000,000 


or $155 a shar or the common stock, 
| $88,000.000, or $69 a share 
L. 8. 2s, registered, bid — . MOLY | 
U, = coupon, bid —h— . MLK 
15 bid 


Inland at 
€ stock. American Steel and 
3 
80 1 * 
* — 


*eeees * 4.00 
cw ‘ 


No ** Pee eeesses 
Pennsylvania 648 
Pennsylvania 
shake sa ö St. Louis & San 
leld 88 be Juve da + 108%, ; Seaboard Air 
teel 5s, 1950 82 Southern Paci 


Irish Potatoes, per 130-1b. ‘sack a ‘ : 

Oranges, Florida, per CTGRD -icdoce 

Tomatoes, Der G-basket crate eee . 
— 7 
FEEDSTUFFs. 2. 80 


Mixed stock feed, per * . . 8878 48.00 
| j 
HEADQUARTERS 


Receipts, 64; stock, 8,209. 


stock, 6, . 
Philadelphia: 
8 18.35; exports, 65; 


18.55 17.9 


ipts, 22,781; exports, 
352. 


ats, No. 9262 „„ „„ „. „„ 60 
for 


eon MARGIN or 
20 PAYMENT PLAN 
Write t if t No. { 
yn toa 2 ta 
Cotton and Grain (free), 


** POPC erewsecaeses 60. 


These figures rip! establish — * a 
tive position of the three companies . meal. 11. 
in the merger if it is put through, Veieer fone reed 8 
and the feéling here is that it will be Chicken feed. 

merican business men . ea — hulle 42 
their bitter les Dried beet pulp, per ton 
of cut-throat e 2 


poration 


for th J 
or $40 a share. 
NS. 4s, ‘coupon, bid ef eeeedensy 79145 
19 80 


OV. „ Fi, | 


learning 


Chicago, January 10.—Assertions 
at drought in the southwest had been 
effectively broken did a good deal to- 
day to give a downward Swing to the 
sant market. Prices closed heavy at | 


| 


ATLANTA LIVE STOCK MARKET _ . 
Corrected W. x. White, 4 9 President 
‘ White Provision Company 


Good to: choice steers, 000, $3.50 to 
a 8501.00," $5 


Good steers, 750-850, 500% 8.5060. 
Medium to good steers, 750-850, $4@5. 
‘ * to choice beer Cows, 750-530, 9106 


Medium good . cows, 650-700, 83.804. 

Good to ice heifers, 550-650, 1402023. 
The above S ruling prices on 

good quality fed cattle, Intertor grades and 

2 types quoted sesame inesdiee 5 

to oo 8 cers, * 808 2 

Mixed common cattle, 88 

Good butcher bulls, $2. 3. 


„%% © „% „ „ „ e ve 94 
e os 
Re 


tions. 


y 
to Sc net lower. Corn lost 1.9 pe ad bas 
3407-8 to 7-8c. In think 
were gains of 2 1.9 ; inks, 
cents. ection. 
Rains which fell where most needed | big ditt, por 
in the winter and which | i", differe 
prove to be at 


elimination o 
and de 


Chica — 
Chicago 
The R obinson-Kumphrey Co. 
Established 1894 
and Corporation 
nds 
ATLANTA — GEORGIA 


to 3-40 and oats 


larger : . 
ee 3 there 


discharged 0 
debits, < T Ere gen +9 9 
with lower discounts by the | mos Central ” 
Texas, Federal Reserve k. Int. Mer. Marin 
strengthened the belief that another | ** City Sou 
cut is impending here. 2 and 
Demand loans opened at 3 1-2 per M 
gent, the minimum initia] quotation 
in over three years, subsequently fall- 
ing te 3 per cent, yesterday's low fig- 
ure. Time funds for all dates were 
offered at 4 1-2 to 4 34 per cent on 
mixed collateral. 
Stocks continued to reflect the 
prevailing in 


Liverpool Cotton. 


Liverpool, January 10.—Cotton, spot mod- 
erate business; prices steady. Good mid- 
dling, 11.84; fully middling, 11.44; middling, 
1 ling, 9.94; good ordinary, 
64. Sales, les, in- 

Receipts, 000 
American. Futures 

January, 10.98: 
; July, 10.59; Sep- 
20.08; December, 


nee 


60 


997 
„„ „„ „6 „ „60 „„ „ „66 885 
9075 
71 


‘ 908 


62 
88 
88 


October, 


in 
management 


and Steel pur- 
Iouls & San Fran. an 


3 Air Line adj. 5s 
1 


Cotton Seed Oil. 


New York, January 10.—Cotton seed oil , 
sold off 2 to 0 points in „ many eross- currents Still 


selling, 
head. 


Steel Orders. 


An increase ‘of 17,822 tons was re- 
ported by the Steel corporation today 
in its unfilled orders, as of December 
31, compared with the end of Novem- 
ber. The figures were 4,268,414 
against 4,250,542 at the close of No- 
vember, 8,148,122 at the close of De- 
Comber, 1920, with — ig * —— 
the downward turn came in July o 2 
1920, with 12,183,083 the high whicn — — — J 
was 2 312 with 14888 fi 25-Ib bores and. ks “Sask: i 

ecember o 5, and wit 282, srandmother’s ig erce basis 
in December of 1913. This small in- Bowes Style lard, tierce basis :.. 
crease in the place of the early esti- | D. 8. i “average Bee et 
mates of a decrease of 100,000 tong average 
was due to large orders that came in Cornfield smoked link sausage, in 
at the close of ecember. d boxes 


— ia zl. bare 
t was learned toda Bologna sausage . 2 
day's hea 


by way of 
neellation of 
Gulf of Mex. 
Jas a further 


Southern Ben Tel. 38 
Southern Pacific ev. 
Southern 


some ex ATLANTA 
ico coun ‘ted by Whi 
1 hams, 106. 


What you should know . 
about Cotton ig contained 
in our Booklet Ne, a2, by 
RANDOLPH ROSE, IR. 


*eé¢e8 


7.00, 
spot 8.30; 
rtons 


Y. 9.15, all 59 
Ist 5s Grocers’ bacon, wide or 
Wilson & Co. cy. Cornfield pork sa 
Sugar. eee ee 
New York, January 10.—There was no tives of the +e 
change in local raw sugat market today ing occasione 
wit) Cubas quoted and 


later dealings, the finish 


figures of Free on Request 


ATN an owed considerable 
resistance to Selling press 
lent demand for corn bei 
from the sea 
a fair southe 


CURB SECURITIES 


Industrials, 
Prey. 
High. Low. Close. 2 


16.78 16.70 16.42 16.44 16.6 
closed at 18.00, with the general mar- shipments, 1,210: ling, 18.00; receipts, 1. American Smeltins and 
pected. | There was a little trade buy- 
southern offering arch, 16. 
points net lower, compared with net 4 
| cated that n that indus. | 
mand fail to improve in the near fu- nd f but | Port prices. 


New York, January 10. — | Total for week: Receipts, 48,940; ex- 
advances were tollowed by declines 11 ports, 20,315. 
the cotton market Owing to reports of ig yA Receipts, 3,676,538; ex- : | 
an easing spot basis in the south, the | Ports, 3, 1 Movement, 
ket closing steady but 14 to 50 points St. Tous Middlin American Tel. 4 7 
net lower. 461; chipments, 1. 1; stock, 26,043, ) Atchison gen. 40 
ing and some scattering demand, but 
no general or aggressive Support, and | 
panied by talk of an earlier basis in: 
the eastern belt. Houses with south- 
declines of 24 to 30 points on later ee nigher. a — 
deliveries. May sold at 17.58 and the | firm: a prime m- : tandaril? 
d 
ture. ; ‘ — 
. business was more active Junior rails, especially Erie is- 
The market, consequently, was more reported of about 173.000 icago and Northwestern, 


N > Middling, 
18.1 0 
weakness ot grain and an unsettled Houston: Middling, 17.75; receipts, 8,993: 0 
feeling in the stock market. March shipments, 8,352; sales, 548: stock, 319,692. : Tube at $75,000,000 re, | Bho * 
contracts broke from 18.55 to 17.03, se Memphis: . Middling, 18.95; receipts, 2,- the rela- Dog, per 
the lowest price touched since they 260 00 ente, %,859; sales, 1,250; stockt, | 
’ © tebe . 2 ‘anama 38, re istered, bi 
Middling, 17.28; 1 — K gt d 
Atlanta: Middiiny,’ 17.75, 3 : MeN, OEE Te RCL Pe fe 
The opening was Steady at an ad- itte Rock: Middling, 18.00; ‘receipts, | New York, J —Dealings Saltire ee — lst 4s 87 
vance ot 9 to 17 points, aud the more nig 2 pments. 1.114; sales, 364; stock, | in stocks é Rethlehem 
active positions sold 10 to 2% ‘points } 68,412. ! Central of 
net higher right after the call on the 
steadiness ot early Liverpool cables 
the market soon turned easier owing 
to easier late cables from Liverpool, 
southern and local selling. 
Later there was western 
which was generally. connec 
western connections and other spot in- 
terests were among the Sellers on the 
break and there was on sau — 
uary liquidation although only three 0 5 N ö 
notices were issued this morning. a — fro the commercial and industrial mar- 
houses and shorts, int | k Th nominal 
ge reported by the 
‘lose was within a few points of the 
owest. Scattering reports have been 
‘caching the trade here for the past two 
or three days that there was consid- | 
erable cotton for sale in the south and 
disposed to credit today’s reports of for January and Februa the unsettlement of 
un easier spot situation, at that level. strengthened on 38. 
* there 5 — more sellin ficial sources, but 
louse accounts. “pee 
showed 7,884,272 ba using gains and 


17.5 
sold gt 19.2U early last week. They | “° sia! 
i rpm di sales, 33; stock, 141,636. Pana 8, 

and smaller ginning figures than ex- 

the weakness of t closed. barely 

P 8 8.03, fifty 
January sold off to 18.03, or fifty n 7 fate 
corporation for D | 

that the basis might ease should de- 

ary 1, 


gal, 
and sales were 
bags of Cubas 
shipment to lo- 


W 


light 


sues, and Ch 
lies, medium 


j; Allied Packers 

, Brit.-Am. Tob, 

popular indus- | Carlight . 

; Inter. Rub. 

Max.-Chalm.-Wi. 

Nat. Leather ia 

Nor. Am. „ in 

Tob. Prod. . 

Wayne Coal 1 
Standard 


Nearly 200 alphavets, ancient and : | 
modern, are known, of which fifty are a ee 
now in use, |= — — 


Hubbard Bros. & Co., 


Hanover Square, New York 


- Members New York Cott Exchan Ne Orleans Cotton Exchange. 
New Tork Produce Exchange” associate 88 Liverpool Catton Asso- 
ted f cotton — 


Orders salici or the purch and sale of | 
il t 1 J 
— —— cor future 2228 7 att n and — terms 


here ha 
slowly t 


„ ee 3 
1 ‘bed CHICAGO UVOTATIONs. 
The following wer the ruling Quotations 
on the grain mg Tuesday: Prey, 
Open. High, Low. Close, Close. 


e+e 1.11 1.11 1.68 1.08% 1.11%, 
00% T. O04 23 9816 101 


March, 


ember, 
ened, an expansion 
day’s advance under lead of British 
bills. French and most other con- 
tinental rates were higher, German 
marks, however, forfeiting part of 

their recent gains. 
The bond market derived further Merritt 

i Casy money.] North am. 
oe issu rod. & Ref 1 
strong. 4 ee A 
ing a new hi f 78 * 
new ground. 
g at $100.10 and 
t 8100.12. There was also 
d. demand for investment rails, 
chiefly Pacifics, srangers and coal- 
ers. Total sales, par value, 523, 


ge broad- 


9% 
of yester- | . 2 


— 


the ‘fluence 2.92. a 

There 14 
with fin 3 
T g 


Cotton Merchants a 


15 
ag 16% 17 : 
841 341 330 
Independent Oils. 

1% 13-16 13-16 

99° 853 93 


8% 8% 


NEW YORK SPOTS. 
New York, January 10.—Spot cot- 
ton quiet; middling 18.35. 


SELLING PRESSURE 


AT NEW ORLEANS 


New charple peanuary 10.—After 
trading sharply higher on the opening 
and for some time after the cotton 
market today commenced to feel ste 

selling pressure, apparently due td t * 


unloading of large lines of long con- e 
tracts, and entered into a long de- Dry Goods. 850,000 


cline which lasted practically to the New York, January 10.—Cotton goods 
close. In the late trading the list | were steady with some mills declining busi- 


blankets sold 
showed net losses of 19 to 35 points | ness at lower prices. Cotton cabot os 
and the close was 17 to 32 points net Yarns were steady w quiry 


Wool goods opening for fall are now 
lower on the day. March Sold as low looked for within a week. Burlaps were 
as 17.01 and closed at 17.04. 


quiet and silks active. 
The ginning report from the census 


in eal aad for tout ite’ p ERAT RESERVE 
prices rising 19 to 24 points over es- IN TERES T Is C UT 
AT MINNEAPOLIS 


erday's close to 17.66 or March. The 

total of 7,884 bales ginned to the 
Minneapolis, January 10.— Dis- 

count rates of the Federal Reserve 


considerably un- 
Average trader 
7,920,000 ba 
the } a priv 
Peport indicated only 90, bank in Minneapolis were reduced 
t on all maturities at a 
committee 
The former rate 300, steady; heavy steers, $6.50@7: 
A steers, $4.50 6.50: heifers, $4.50@ 
6.75; cows, 520 8.50: feeders, 88G 6: stock- 
ers. $3@5.50. 


last period, the smallest gin- 
COLUMBUS BANK 700, 288 165 


Anglo-Am. 
S. 0. 


Federal 
Glenrock 


Some of yest 
Erie was due 


90 


Oil 
& man who | 
several years, 
a cent a gallon in 
osene for export from 
announced today. 
learned, too, that ii 
hj 


52% .52 
54 ba 


37% .87% . 
‘38% "38% sola 


„„ 6 9 „„ 60 15. 
15.75 15.75 15. 


. Rice. 


New Orleans, January 10.— Rough rice 
nominal; no sales: receipts, 3,260 sacks; 


millers’ receipts same. 
Sales reported, 400 


Clean rice nominal. 
Pockets Japan, at 876: 3,052 pockete Blue 
stormproof, 


Rose, At 3% @4 5-16; 57 pockets 
at 8: 76 ckets second heads, at 3: re- 
ceipts, 3,4! pockets. 

Bran and polish unchanged, 


47 |b 
1 ent io 
delivery. * 


— — — = 


Allied Packers Gs .. 
Am, * & = ° 


9.95 5117 
8.02 8.00 
8.12 8.07 


Cash Grain. 

St. Lonis, January 10.—Wheat: | No, 
red, $1.22; No. 3, Fl. 14; May, $1.09%; July, 

2 > i. ite, : 7 
ety is 2 white, 470 May. 826 525 e: 

Oats: o. 8 white, 88 %%: May, 40e. 

Chicago, January 90. : No. 
$1.15% 0 182 Luk 22 
vain No. 2 mixed, 48648; No. 2 


ts: No. 2 ite, : No, 
2 234 8 2 te 36% @3714c No. 8 
— asi * * eed, $5@6.25 
’ ; 7 8s 40 
50@18 80. 


Live Stock. 


Chicago, Jan 
12,000; beef 


Vania crude. men here say that 
the midwest people kept their heads. 
etter than those in ennsylvania 


when the market was advancing. 
seed, 
— 
Swift & Co. 


2 
lege, Jatuary 10—gwift @ Co., 96%, | 


Liberty Bonds. 


Liberty bonds 

first 46. 97.40; second 

‘ 4%s, 97.90: second 48, 

44, 98.00: fourth 414s, 97.80; 
4%8, 100.08. 


First National Bank 
of Beton 


the leading financial institution of 
New England 


New 
closed: 
4a, 84. 4.50; calves, 
bulk vealers, 88.50 G0: 


strong 
Receipts, 61,000; opened light, 15 
wer; others, 10 to 130 lower than 

Monday’s average: » Closed 10 to 180 

higher than . 


market. Top, 
practical top, 


Victory 3%s, 100.10; Victory 
RE Hh us Bh ce 


Metals. 


New York,” January 10.— Copper steady. 
Flectrolytic spot and nearby, 138% 14; later, 


Tin steady. Spot and nearby. 32.37: fu. 
tutes, 32.50. Tron steady and 

ad steady. ». 4.7004, 80. 
East St. Louis delivery, 
Antimony, spot 4.50, 


4 


er; 


0 

58@60c 
top at noon, clover $12. 
k. $12@12.50- 


All work strictly confidential. Connec- 
t ewes, top $6.65; She 


. "sgn Ie Peachtree st. 
; ouse each 

26 Phones Day Ivy 6426, Hight Ivy 8048. W. 
0 10.— Cattle: 
F — yearti and 


Live Stock. 


„ Ky., January 10.—Cattle: Re 


record for this time of the 

Much at the buying was done 

on the assumption that the total crop 
could not exceed 8,100,000 bales and 
many I traders claimed it could 


Re- 
she 


bulis 


165 po up, $8; 


was done late in 
ng in heavy sell. 
what was 


ing for 
ccount, in the early 


afternoon, 


4 
New 
cotton , 
Spot 639 : 


pts 4,523 


PROGESSJONAL VIEWS 
_ ON COTTON SITUATION 


5 ; New York, Ja 10.— After 
n 


fittle eme, ne 


DOUBLES CAPITAL 
AT TUESDAY MEET 


Columbus, Ga., anuary 10.—(§ 
cial.)\—The Third 3 bank today 
increasing 


doubled its capital stock. 
it from. two hundred and fifty thou- 
sand to five hundred thousand dollars, 
and increasing, its surplus one hun- 
dred thousand dollars, so that the bank 
becomes a million-dollar institution, 
W. Bradley was re-elected pres- 
DuPont’ Kirven a new 


NORMAL CONDITIONS . 
REACHED ON BOURSE 


rse finally 


Rome, January 10.—Normal condi. | 7 
were 


1 86 down 


Receipts, 30, higher: lambs, $10. 
— reneeee 


Naval Stores. 


Savannah, G4. January 10.—Turpentine 


* 


8444: sales, 30 


ments, 196: 


Rosin st 
354. Shi 


High 3% 
bide ane” 
loans aga 


7 


A. in, 
4.38. ian 


%. — 


18. 


eady. Sales, 
pments, 309. Stock, 


receipts, 162: ship- 
stock, 11,750. ss 
483. Sie, 1. 
D, $3.90: E, F, G, $3.95: R. 

$5.25: X. $5.50; WG, 


— 


Money Market. 


ork, January 10.— Cal] 
+ low, 3: ruli 


offered at 
inst 


weak. 
osing 


nd 36.75; cables. 86. 
65; Sweden 
nd 11. Nu 

1 


pts, "18,500: closing active, 
Classes, 


ight’ shi 
$8.15; dulk, 190- 

and down, 8.15; bulk lights 2 

dium weights, é bulk heavies, 

87 15@17.40: packer sows, : - 


40@7.75; 
‘ strong; bulk most 
ly at $6; pigs, 15 to 280 lower. 87@8.15; 
clearance 


$11.25; 2 1 


9.50; fat ewes, 
— 
- Country Produce. 
N York, January 10.—Live poultry 
. Fowils, — culls, 20@30c: tur- 
ey, 80@40s: dreased Fowls, 27 
ttled. Oreamry higher 


TAX-FREE 
Town, City, County 
School Bonds 


* 
7 


Protected by Taxation 
To Net 8 % to 6G 


* 
r . 
4 
. : * — 
: ~ > * 1 
5 : . 
* * 
* + * : 2 ot ~ 
1 * oi b : ‘ 
> , * n 
* 1 We ~ . — 7 a a 
n ny 8 5 3 5 4 4 5 
* a 5 ae * N 
2 * 8 2 N 5 * 
* 3 15 + pra ay 8 9 a 4 


4 
* 1 = 
bd a 

dhe ~~ ve 
8 


ESTABLISHED 1872 


Orvis BROTHERS & co. 
60 Broadway | New York 


When you have orders to 
open an account 


place, 


“ 8 2 1 1 * 22 
“ * 4° 2 0 oS. n * N 
* & 2 wr | 2 * oa ‘ <9 re vw 54, Dy 
% * 8 N g * n ia 2 n . 
5 S r ee Ee EN aby” 
5 4 A ofl Sete Sy Sie F 5 {og ee 
4 Mecano i en F ; . 5 9 
n x ete Sar 7 es * 5 1 
n oe ae Oe” Fe Bg: * a ae TD: ee Se a rat + 
E 2. OES F — a 8 5 n * 
N akc: ou a ES ‘ — 1 
rsa we * a „ =e ¢ 
2 ; 1 7 * 1 
2 7 OY 
2 . * é Sy 
4 7 " ; “ee n . | 
— = % 1 7 . de “ 
5 2 : 5 4 
a — N ; : i 17 
7 gy : 
* : * ä 
4 oes ; 
* 


“TRA FOR MUROE 


Pitagerald. Ga., Januaty 10.—(8 
—— 
and Ante railroad, will face 
in the Ben Hill superior court 
Wednesda 


3 „ morning on the 
1 * of murder connection with 
5 death of E 


ey men employed by the A., B. 


The sheriff's office is making eve 
effort to anprehend P. F. Harris, A. 


rt 
K. Hall, T. H. Hendricks and Jim 
THEATERS 


ay 


age 


AT 2:30 
AT 8:30 


m7 
W/TH ORIGINAL BROADWAY CAST 


PRICES: NIGHT, see TO $2.50 
POP. MAT. TODAY 50c TO $2.00 
8 NIGHTS & 
‘BAT. 


mows « I. 12-13-14 
The Briliant Masical Comedy Hit 


‘‘The 


RIGHT 


COMING: 


Full of Pep—Speed— Smiles 
A Chorus of Bewitching, Broad- 
way Beauties and Sengs With- 
out Number That You Will Be 
Humming and Whistling for 

Days to Come 


Direct From Times Sq. Theatre, N. T. 
PRICES (ALL PERFORMANCES) 
78 TO $2.50—SEATS NOW ON SALE 


B KS 


WORLD'S BEST VAUDEVILLE 
TODAY — 2:30-7:30-9 P. M. 


ADROIT REVUE | 


‘BILLY LA VAR AND GIRLS 
Pierce & | McCormick |3 Behomizns | 
Goff & Irving | & Nobby 


~ JOHNNY JOHNSTON 
KEILER MACK 


S 
CHUAN PD 
CONTINUOUS 1 


Vaudeville 3:30, 7:00, 9:04 
Afternoon. 180, 20c; Night, l5c, 300, 400 
| LAST TIMES TODAY 

SONGS AND SCENES 

* A Paradise of Melody. 

BURNS & KLEIN 
Assassins of Grief. 

OTHER BIG ACTS 

GARETH HUGHES 

1 In THE HUNCH” 

A Hilarious Comedy. 


They came in spite 
of the rain— 


Can YOU afford to 
miss the 


Pa > > 
| | Performances 


— — 


11A. M. 
1-3-5-7 and 9 
re e 

De Luxe 
3-5-7 and 9 


MOTION PICTURES 


dow PLAYING 
uvm 
|| ~ ALICE CALHOUN 


PS hee * 
* 1 
* 7 
pike 
; 2 . 
3 2 
J+, ee * 
3 
S 
* 


.| With present 


i 


242 75 


and emloyed by the A., B. & A. 
railroad. ; 
At the time of Fountain’s employ- 
ment by the railroad Omar C. Fair- 
field, said to have been strike leader, 
walking out with several erste 
— here, on March 6, last, and 
other men said to be strikers were 
under arrest charged with interfering 
ye oe * of the railroad. 
Fairfield was placed on trial and con- 
victed on this charge and was sen- 
tenced to serve three months in jail 
and twelve months in the state peni- 
tentiary. 4 
Fairfield’s Confession. 

The wounding of Engineer Reed, 
which resulted in his death later on, 
caused troops to be sent here and the 
city placed under martial law for 
three dars. After the city became 
quiet, it is said that Fairfield decided 
after certain actions including an al- 
leged arson charge, the home of his 
mother-in-law being burned. that he 
was being made the “goat.” He in 
turn, made a confession of the dirt“ 
alleged to have been played by him- 
self and others not only in the shoot- 
ing of Engineer Reed, but attempts 
to wreck trains on the A., B. & A 


system. 
brought about 


His confession a 
wholesale number of arrests, which 
also includes E. M. Bishop, Jim Rus- 
sell and E. L. Thomas, who are now 
awaiting trial in Cordele, and a trio 
of men now awaiting trial in Douglas. 
Fairfield made no effort in his con- 
fession to shield himself. In talking 
to newspaper men he stated that he 


deed he claims was pulled off against 
the railroad he was implicated in, and 
that no part of his confession is 
hearsay, 

Solicitor-General Wall was unde- 
cided today which defendant would 
be tried first. 


MORE POLICEMEN. 
URGED ON COUNCIL 


Continued from First Page. 

fic problem is growing more serigus 
and more men are going to be needed 
to handle it. We have taken in new 
territory and there is a greater num- 
ber of migratory citizens here now 
than ever before. All of this means 
that more men will be needed. 

Declaring that “the reign of law- 
lessness sweeping our city seems daily 
to increase in gravity,” the local com- 


day announced that it has adopted 
resolutions urging city council to 
add at least fifty policemen to the 
present force. | 

In passing the resolutions, mem- 
bers of the committee seemed to be 
thoroughly impressed with the seri- 
ousness of the crime situation here, 
and it was the sense of the gather- 
ing that the addition to the police 
ranks should be made with. the least 
possible delay. 

At the same time, the Rotary, Ki- 
wanis and Lions clubs, members of 
the Intercivic council, adopted reso- 
lutions calling for the immediate pro- 
vision of such additional police pro- 
tection as may be necessary for the 
safeguarding of life and property,” 
and for a change by the next legis- 
lature of the laws of Georgia so as 
to make highway robbery a capital 
offense. 


7 „ . QGivitans to Act. | 
Similar action is expected to be 


GARDE 


1922 GUIDE 


122 1922 — Cw end Cote 
ready mailing Ww maze 
a kitchen ¢ table with quality 


Z- 1628. "They 


Seeds of the Highest Grade 

seeds that will make your garden just what 
Send for Your Copy Teday - It's FREE 
TIE ekat 0s phon ead bw b> 


BUIST’S PEDIGREED SEEDS 
Produce Quick, Positive Results 
ROBERT BUIST COMPANY 
Dept. S. PHILADELPHIA. PA. 


| 
| 


H 


; — 
es 
: 5 
‘ 1 ; 
1 ho 
133 
8 ee 
ar 
tees 
N 4 
1 ry” 1 
1 
. - > , 
3 
1 
cv Seem 
1 1 7 
3 — at 
Rs 
Mas . 


wished it to be known that in every] > 


mittee on ehurch co-operation Tues- 


eréas, the reign of lawleseness 

our cihty continues and seems 

to inerease in gravity; and, 

ereas, such a condition would 

seem to demand immediate remedial 
action; therefore, be it 

“Resolved, That the committee on 
church co-operation hereby es 
the addition of at least fifty police- 
men to the present force in accord. 
ance with the request of the police 
department. 

“Resolved, further, That a copy of 
these resolutions be transmitted to 
the mayor, the members of the city 
council and to the press.” 

The resolutions of the member clubs 
of the Intereivie council regarding the 
change in laws governin; highway 
robbers is as follows: 
Intercivic Council Reselutions, 


“Whereas, the Intercivic council. 
composed of authorized representa- 
tives from the Rotary, Kiwanis, 
Lions and Civitan clubs, recognize 
the supreme importance of the re- 
cent recommendation by Chief of 
Police James I. Beavers, that the 
laws of this state should be changed 
so as to make highway robbery a 
capital offense; therefore, be it 


“Resolved by the. sald intercivic 
council, That the governor and gen- 
eral assembly are hereby respectful- 
ly requested at the next general ses- 
sion to so amend the laws of this 
state that any person or persons 
committing highway robbery or en- 
tering the private home for the 
purpose of robbing the same, be 
made amenable by capital punish- 
ment and the same as if said crim- 
inal had committed murder, 

“Resolved, further, That each of 
the foregoing organizations are re- 
quested to appoint committees to 


act jointly in presenting this reso- 


lution and memorial to the governor 
and general assembly of Georgia.” 

The Intercivic council resolution 
n the police force increase follows: 
“Whereas, the intercivic council, 
composed of authorized representa- 
tives from the Rotary, Kiwanis, Ci- 
vitan and Lions clubs, recognize the 
necessity of additional police protec- 
tion for the safeguarding of life and 
property in the city of Atlanta; 


e it 

“Resolved, by said Intercivic coun- 
ell and the city authorities are here- 
by requested to immediately make 
provision for such additional police 
protection as may be necessary for 
the safeguarding of life and proper- 
ty in the city of Atlanta.“ 

| First 1922 Meeting. 


The commission met Tuesday night 
for its first regular meeting in 1922. 
Much business of a routine nature was 
transacted and several reports of com- 
mittees were received and filed. Chief 
Beaver’s annual report was read and 
copies ordered printed. 

A new system of reporting arrests 
to the station house was recommended 
by a committee headed by Commis- 
sioner Harper. Chairman Vaughan 
appointed Commissioners Harper, Mc- 
Cielland and Barrett members of a 
committee to prepare a triplicate Sys- 
tem of blanks to be used by police- 
men in reporting arrests and to submit 
the new blanks to the commission at 
its next session for approval. 

Commissioner Sheffield announced, 
that he had conferred with City Elec- 
trician Turner concerning the installa- 
tion of six new traffic towers. He 
said Mr. Turner will appear before 
the finance committee of council Wed- 
nesday and recommend that six new 
towers be installed at the following 
points: Whitehall and Hunter streets; 
Peachtree and Baker; Forsyth and 
Peachtree; Forsyth and Marietta; 
Broad and Marietta, and Whitehall 
and Alabama. 

A committee was named headed by 
Commissioner Harper to investigate 
records at the city hall to determine 
whether or not the L. P. Whitfield 
Detective agency possesses a license 
and whether this agency is operating 
in Atlanta for the William J. Burns 
National Detective agency. A license 
to the Burns agency recently was de- 
nied by the commission. The commit- 
tee is to make a report at the next 
meeting. 

Examination Day. 

The commission voted to set aside 
the first Tuesday in each month as 
examination day for applicants for 
positions on the police force. Physical 
examinations will be given beginning 


0 


lat 9 o’clock on the first Tuesday each 


month. Mental examinations will be 
given the same day. 

In the report of Chief Beavers, as 
read, it was recommended that the 
present police station property be sold 
and a new station erected. Chief 
Beavers also recommended the building 
of three substations, employment of 
additional policewomen, erection of ad- 
ditional signal towers to. direct traffic, 
employment of an additional telephone 
operator so as to provide eight-hour 
shifts, and the addition of at least 50 
men to the police force. 

The commission voted to pay full 
salary to several officers who are now 
off duty as a result of wounds received 
in the discharge of their duty. Among 
the men in the list was Policeman 
Will Anderson, who is in Grady hos- 
pital recovering from pistol wounds. 

Chambers Is Tried. 

After the regular business session 
was ended, Policeman J. M. Chambers 
was tried on charges of being under 
the influence of intoxicants on Decem- 
ber 15. He was suspended at that 
time by order of Chief Beavers, pend- 
ing a hearing before the commission. 
It was shown at the hearing that the 
officer possessed a splendid record. Po- 
liceman Chambers admitted he had con- 
sumed two drinks, but said he was 


CALL BELLE ISLE TAXICAB 


not on duty at the time. The com- 


Men’s 


85 50 


at 


formerly selling up to 3 


— 


Men's Dept.—8 Alabama St. 


Spec ial Sale of 


Shoes 


Men’s Black and Tan English and 
Brogues, Ball Strap and plain, 
“odds and ends,” worth up to $10, 


——ů — 


Men's Brown Kid and Tan Calf 
Bals, Black Kid and Gun Metal 
Bostonian Shoes; a remnant lot, 


15, at 


4 * 7 7 7 
b. T Bit (Ea Ra hte Per oe eee 


THEATERS 


22 a * * 4 
* . AW. Se Ne eo a er 


musemen 


* 14 * „ N 2 
e 2 e 


Directory 


Atlanta Theater- (matinee 
ad j ednesday “a 
“Cornered.” 7 

Lyric Theater (Keith Vaudevilie)—See ad- 
vertising for program. . 


Leew’s Grand (Vaudeville and Pictures)— 
See advertising for program. 


— 
Howard Theater —All week. Fritz Lieber 
and Betty Blyth in The Queen of Sheba’’ 
and other screen features. 
Keith Vaudeville. 
(At the Lyric) 
Daintiness and novelty seem to be 
the prime requisites of the “Adroit 
Revue,” which snows for the last 
three times at Keith's Lyric today. 
Billy LaVar, the producer, knows 
how to put a real show on, and his 
girls seem to fit into their roles 
like grandmother's hands fitted her 
mittens back in 64, They are aul 
pretty, delectable specimens of girl- 
hood, and know how to dance. 
Johnny Johnston is meeting many 
old friends who knew him when he 
was here with Mary Marble and 
Little Chip. His partner, Keller 
Mack, is a capable foil for his 
antics, and they work as smoothly 
as a piece of fine mechanism, 


— — 


“Songs and Scenes.“ 


(At Loew's Grand) 

Today and “tonight, “Songs and 
Scenes,” the big feature act at 
Loew’s Grand theater, will be pre- 
sented for the last times. Five sing- 
ers, all possessing voices of unusual 
quality, contribute selections from 
well-known operas and songs of the 
better class. The numbers are well 
rendered and presented with a most 
elaborate stage setting, 

Burns and Klein, Hebrew come- 
dians, entertain with comedy and 
parodies on popular songs, and their 
act is one long laugh, Other good 
acts are Homer Miles and company, 
in a humorous one-act playlet: 
Mann and Mallory, in tunes and 
chatter, and Alvin and Alvin, 
hazardous balancing feats, 

Gareth Hughes, who is the star of 


in 


the screen program, has never had 
a better vehicle for the display of 
his art than “The Hunch,” in which 
he is appearing. It is a hilarious 
comedy drama, with Wa street 
finance as its backgroung?’ 


“Queen of Sheba.” 


(At the Howard) 
Miss Betty Blythe wears at least 
150 pounds of beads in “Queen of 
Sheba”—not all at one time, but 
distributed among the 26 costumes 
she has for this production, 

“T didn’t know beads could be so 
intricate and tel) so many stories,” 
remarked Miss Blythe, the last time 
she put on a Sheba costume, which 
had six strings of beads to fasten 
on one side. 

“Queen of Sheba” is drawing big 
crowds to the Howard all this week. 
King Solomon’s barcarole, the 
splendid prologue specially arrang- 
ed by Enrico Leide, continues to 
meet with marked success, 


mission went into executive session and 
it was decided to make the suspension 
29 days, giving the officer credit for 
the time he has been off the force 
since December 15, and that Chief 
Beavers should reprimand the officer 
in the presence of the commission, 
Chief Beavers administered the repri- 
mand, and the meeting was adjourned. 


FUND FOR BRANCH 
LIBRARY IS VOTED 


Continued from First Page. 


| we had to go out and raise money 
as best we could in other ways. The 
Rotary Club of Atlanta secured sub- 
scriptions aggregating $30,000 to help 
tide us over, but only $7,000 of this 
money has come in. Right now we 
are facing a deficit of about $23,000 
or $24,000, and unless the city of 
Atlanta comes to the rescue with 
more money the consequences will 
be great. : 

“T ask you, therefore, to give us 
$10,000 additional this year, and 1 
will get out and try to raise the 
balance of this deficit before I leave. 
I love Tech with my _ very heart's 
blood and I will be happy if I can 
have this deficit lifted before I take 
my departure.” 

Other appropriations by the com- 
mittee Tuesday were: . 

For repairing the Grady hospital 
annex for colored people, $10,000, 

For purchasing a new ambulance 
for Grady hospital, $4,500. 

For filing cabinets and adding 
machines in the assessors’ office, 
$1,718, 

For hiring an additional clerk in 
the assessors’ office, $1,500 per year. 
Appropriations for the employ- 
ment of an additional nurse, part- 
time physician and plumbing in- 
spector for the public health de- 

partment, 

At Tuesday morning’s session the 
committee voted the following ap- 
propriations: 

For a new building and improve- | 
ments at Oakland City park, $13,500. 

For automatic flush tanks for the 
sewer department, $25,000, 

For a new 2 to the Audito- 
rium-Armory, $4,209, 

For widening the sidewalk on 
Peachtree street, from Nos. 220 to 
230, $9,450. 

For extending the fire depart- 
ment's alarm system to cover addi- 
tional territory taken in by the city, 
$15,000; triple combination bumper. 
$12,000, and for a new hook-and- 
ladder truck, $9,300, and money for 
employing eight additional firemen. 

Additional Tax Assessor. 

Acting on the assertion that Atlanta 
will receive $200,000 to $300,000 ad- 
ditional income by the appointment 
of an additional assessor in the city’s 
tax department, council’s finance com- 
mittee voted Tuesday afternoon an ap- 
propriation to pay for hiring an as- 
sistant tos Tax Investigator Collier. 
The new position carries with it a 
salary of $150 pergmonth, and the 
request was granted only after a heat- 
ed debate by the committee. When 
Assessor Burton, in requesting an ad- 
ditional man for the department, ‘said 
that it would mean $200,000 addition- 


al income to the city in ferreting out 


unassessed personal property, Council- 
man Nutting said that it couldn't be 
done and voted against the motion 
to name an assistant to Investigator 
Collier. . 

The request that the salaries of the 
present assessors be raised $25 per 
month also met with much opposition. 
Alderman Ragsdale said that he is 
opposed to all salary increases at pres- 
ent. However, the motion carrying a 
$25 monthly increase carried. . 

In speaking for appropriation for 
additional men to aid the assessors. 
Assessor John Malone said that it 
would be a great benefit financially 
for the city, in that unassessed per- 
sonal property could be brought to 
light and a ‘ 
Assessor Burton said that more tha; 
one man is necessary to canvass in 
assessing personal property, in view 
of the fact that one assessor’s word 
cannét gainsay the words of the entire 
office force of a great corporation. 
Two assessors, however, he said, could 
not be wrong and their combined 
words could gainsay that of the cor- 
porationis officers. Councilman Nut - 
ting said that it is impracticable te 
canvass for assessing personal prop- 
erty, and Alderman e said 
that he is opposed to the creation of 
new offices. “What the people want 
now.“ said the alderman, “is some- 
thing for the money they now pay out 
and not the creation 

Requests 2 the chief of con- 


struction, street, garage and 
bridge departments and additional re- 


‘eens-Macon highway a 


of new offices.” + 


___ MOVIES 
Metropolitan r—All . 


an's Problem,“ ang other ecreen 


Theater.—All week. Betty Comp- 
son in The Little mister, and other 
screen features. 

Cal- 


week. Alive 
„ and other 


Criterion Theater—aAll 
houn in “The Little Minister 
screen features. „ 


Thea ter- 5 


Forayth ednesday 
Binney in Hirst Love,” and other screen 
features. 


Theater—Wednesday, Jack Hoxie 
Nowhere, and other 


—— 


Vaudette Theater—Tuesday, Richard Bar- 
thelmess in The Love Hower,“ and other 
screen features. 


Alamo No. 92— Wednesday and Toyredéy, 
Marjorie Daw in “The Butterfly Girl.” 


Alpha Theater—Wednesday, Tom Mix in 
„After Your Own Heatt.“ 


COLD TO “THE LOVE 
FOR THREE ORANGES” 


Continued from First Page. 


— 


gorgeous production ever given in 
opera here, bound for the storehouse 
after two—performances—$100,000 up 
the spout—and the soulful, tempera- 
mental young Russian sulked in his 
apartment, heartbroken. It will never 
be taken out, it is said, and now 
Mary Garden has got to find out if 
there is anything else that Mme. Nina 
Koshetz, the world renowned Russian 
prima donna imported from Moscow 
for this performance, can sing. 
Auditorium Full. 

It teok two years to produce “The 
Love for Three Oranges.” It took 
the orchestra weeks to conquer the 
score. Prokofieff and Mme. Koshetz 
were imported for the occasion. 

Everybody that could cram into the 
auditorium at six dollars a cram was 
there. 

The youthful Russian genius tossed 
back his raven tresses, took up the 
stick and prodded his band. 

The weirdest shrieks that ever 
jarred ears resulted. The audience 
thought the band was still tuning up. 

But no, the curtain was up and 
the drummer was still whaling his 
kettles and the slip horns were still 
defying the world. 

Huge Oranges Walk. 

On the stage huge oranges began to 
walk around, violent hued objects of 
bizarre shapes began to jiggle.’ Some- 
body started to sing and quit. Some- 
body else started and the band drown- 
ed them out. 

It continued for four a and the 
audience staggered out and dizzily put 
molasses on the midnight artichoke. 

The opera was scheduled again and 
everybody went, thinking perhaps that 
that little drink before the initial per- 
formance had been oak stain varnish 
and things didn’t seem quite right. 

But the same thing broke loose. 

So Galli-Curci, Mary Garden, and 
the others are back at work singing 
the old-timers. 

Story of Opera. 

“The Love for Three Oranges“ is 
declared to be a fantasy. It has no 
melodic ee and on two occasions 
only in the entire opéra does Pro- 
kofieff condescend to melody and these 
occasions are brief marches. The 
libretto was also written by the young 
Russian: and it starts where Alice in 
Wonderland left off. Three princesses 
are imprisoned in oranges by a witch. 
A prince tries to get them out and 
grows so melancholy over his failure 
the king tries to make him laugh by 
hiring comic gymnasts, animated cigar 
boxes, . 20-gallon hats containing 
tenors, to do their stunts.. But the 
prince has no sense of humor and is 
sicker than ever. The three oranges 
wander out in the desert and the 
prince finds them but cannot open 
them except at an oasis and there is 
no water. Two oranges are opened 
anyway amd the princesses die. The 
prince opens the third and she is 
saved by the “tragics, the comics, the 
lyrics, the ridicules, and the empty- 
heads”—the assembled cigar boxes and 
tea kettles, etc., and the prince falls 
in love with her. 

All this to a weird clashing of 
cymbals, blaring of brasses, whining 
of woodwinds, and general uproar. 

And for that $100,000. 


SEXTON DECLARES 
DISPATCHES INCORRECT 


A. P. Sexton, who recently was 
found in Hot Springs, Ark., after 
having been missing for six days and 
thought to have n murdered, re- 
turned to Georgia Tuesday night and 
while in Atlanta issued a statement 
that news dispatches from Hot 
Springs to the effect that two men 
had given him a drink of whisky that 
caused his mind to go blank until he 
awoke on a train were not true. He 
asserted that he was given what was 
purported to be a “cough remedy.” 

Sexton’s car was found ion the Ath- 
ten days 
ago, and Macon police received a let- 
ter stating that Sexton had been mur- 
dered and his body thrown in an ad- 
jacent swamp. A search was carried 
on for six days, Sexton’s wife final- 
ly received a telegram from her hus- 
band, who was only slightly injured. 

Sexton resides in Royston and is 
on his way home. 


AUTO VCTIM’S BODY 
SENT To MISSOURI 


The body of Mrs. R. F. Maness, who 
was killed Saturday when struck by 
an automobile at West Peachtree and 
Kimball streets, was sent Tuesday 
morning to DeSoto, Mo., H. M. Patter- 
Son & Son in charge. She is survived 
by two daughters, Mrs. B. P. Land, 
of Kansas City, Mo., and Mrs, O. F. 
Curlee, of St. Louis, Mo., and one 
son, Polk O. Maness, of Atlanta. 


RECORD FOR JERSEYS 
SET BY GEORGIA COW 


Announcement was made Tuesday 
by the American Jersey Cattle club 
that the junior 2-year-old record for 
Jerseys has been broken 
Humphries’ “Raleigh’s 
doing which she produced 13,197 
2 of milk and 644.62 pounds of 

u 
da 


tter fat, carrying a live calf 195 
ys during her test. Mr. Humphries 
lives at Acworth 7 


SOUTHERN REDUCES 
DINER MEAL PRICE 


By serving special combination 


MASONIC CLUB WILL 
HOLD OPEN FORUM 


from the sewer department will 
ird at Wednesday ning 


oS 8 


4 hy * 7 
3 5 fc 
Cae esp 3 

> *: * 
F 
1 * 


tos 0 1 


fase 


1 
9 — J 
> „ | oo Scl * 
rs "Con. 3 
n ae : A 
* 8 Sr 0 
, a 8 . * 
* ; 


John W. Davis, former 
to Great Britain under the W 
ministration, and one of 


ad- — 
ca’s 


par clearance hearing 
United States district court. 
Mr. Davis is considered one of the 
most e attorneys in the world. 
He is ted with a prominent 
New York law firm. In 
his legal connections wit 
eral Reserve „ he is coun- 
sel for the Associated and 
other large interests. 
: e session Tuesday was devoted 
principally to argument by counsel 
for both parties to the case as to the 
admissibility of testimony given by 
witnesses from outside the sixth fed- 
eral reserve district. Testimony of 
T. C. Long, a banker from Oregon, 
who was put on the stand by the plain- 
tiffs, caused the point to be | 


addition to 
the Fed- 


up. 
When the session adjourned at 2 


o'clock Judge Beverly D. Evans an- 
nounced that he would withhold a de- 
cision. on the point involved until 
it has been argued further. The hear- 
ing is expected to continue the re- 
mainder of the week. 


STORIES CONFLICT 
ON OPIE KILLINGS 


Continued from First Page. 


led to the investigation, opposed any 
attempt to singe out the Opie case, 
declaring he was not the prosecutor, 
that he had not brought the major’s 
name in, and that the major himself 
was the first to give the charges pub- 
licity after a witness had told of the 
shooting of a man by an officer desig- 
nated as “Major Oplex.“ 

As all the testimony, for and against 
Major Opie was cleared from the slate, 
a special date will be fixed for reop- 
ening the charges by the committee in 
the event further statements should 
be forthcoming. 

The most direct testimony against 
Major Opie today was given by 
Charles E. Fox, of Richmond, Va., 
who swore he saw the officer shoot a 
runner in the back. Later, counsel for 
Major Opie requested the witness to 
state whether he had written a certain 
letter which has been put into the 
record, Fox was not certain as to 
whether he had written it. The letter 
set forth that Fox was an orphan, 
while he testified that his mother was 
living. It was presented in what was 
regarded as an attempt to show that 
the committee could not believe nim. 


Copies Letter. 


Fox was required to copy the letter 
gn its entirety, and while there was 
no explanation as to what the com- 
parison of handwriting revealed the 
committee announced that a witness 
asked to be summoned by Opie to tes- 
tify as to the veracity of Fox weuld 
not be called. Prior to this announce- 
ment orders to call him had been is- 
sued, Fox meanwhile, being instructed 
to remain in Washington. Finally, 
he was excused. 

The hearing will be resumed t) mor- 
row, army officers being among those 
summoned. : 

In his brief statement to the com- 
mittee after all of the Opie witnesses 
had been heard, John A. Cutchins, of 
Richmond, counsel for the officer. ex- 
plained that he was particularly 
anxious to have all of the evidence re- 
lating to him cleared up at the earliest 
possible time. 

Charges Hallucinations. 

1 do not believe that the men tes- 
tifying against Major Opie, except in 
some instances, deliberately lied,” Mr. 
Cutchins declared. I think they 
really believed what they said, but 
I do not think this constant airing 
of charges ought to go on much longer. 
Major Opie’s name has been placard- 
ed across the front pages of the news- 
papers of the country as a murderer. 
He won distinction and was decorated 
for gallantry and bravery. It is hard 
for a man trying to re-establish him- 
self in civil life to be constantly fac- 
ing such charges. Most of the wit- 
nesses against him were not normal: 
their nerves are shattered by hard 
and patriotic services, and the far- 
ther continuation of this hearing is 
calculated to excite their hallucina- 
tions and do grave injustice to Major 
Opie and other officers.” 

Careful analysis of the testimony, 
Mr. Cutchins said, showed so many 
reported killed as to make the whole 
thing improbable. ä 

Senator Watson said he felt im- 
pelled to reply as a matter of jus- 
tice to myself.” 

Disclaims Responsibility. 

IJ was an advocate of compensa- 
tion for soldiers and in support of 
my position I mentioned some of their 
sufferings and sacrifices,” he said. 
The next day my statement was chal- 
lenged. There was a demand that I 
go before a committee, but I refused, 
agreeing to come before a special com- 
mittee if invited. This committee 
has narrowed the inquiry to txecu- 
tions. Jt that time Major Opie was 
not in my mind. His name was not 
brought here by me. Major Opie, 
who is a newspaper man and a pub- 
lisher of two papers, wrote to the 
chairman stating his side and with- 
out waiting to hear from the chair- 
man he published a statement in a 
Richmond newspaper and thus the 
controversy started. There is no con- 
— between Major Opie and my- 


“This case has been specialized at 
the instance of Major Opie. I don’t 
think it should be separated from the 
others. We are not trying Major Opie. 
We are not here as a jury to try him. 
We are simply investigating a situa- 
tion. If counsel wishes to wrench it 
away, such a move would not be in 
accordance with the reselution direct- 
ing the inquiry. 

“I do not want to be put in the 
attitude of prosecuting Major Opie, 
but I insist it would not be fair to 
stop now, pick out this case and give 
a special verdict.” 

Chairman Brandegee explained 
away the doubt as to what Mr. Cutch- 
ins had sought by stating he had not 
understood the latter to ask for a spe- 
cial verdict, but simply for the fixing 
of a day on which all other evidence, 
if any, in the Opie case might be pre- 
sented. 

Charles E. Fox, of Richmond, Va., 
testified that he saw Major Opie 
shoot a soldier in the back north of 
Verdun in 1918. 

4 man shot was wearing the 
American uniform,” said Fox. “I was 
150 feet away. As the boy was shot 
he threw his hands in the air and top- 
pled. over. I do not know if the man 
died. Sergeant Kane also saw the 
shooting.” 

Fox declared the soldier was within 
six feet of the major when the shoot- 
ine tork place. that he had anproached 
the officer and was movine off. 

“Do you know Opie?’ Chairman 
Brandegee asked. 

Afraid to 

“I was positive it was 

There was much talk 15 


Tou made no complaint?“ 
“No, sir; I was afraid.” -~ 
Asked why 


chairman. 


bonds, and the sewer bonds will be 


own eyes.” 


— Opie was justified,” said, the 
“Well,\I don’t,” Fox declared. 
When John A. Cutchins, of Rich- 
mond, Va., counsel for Major i 
took the witness, Fox went right after 
the lawyer. 

“JT know what you want to do.” he 
exclaimed, shaking his finger. “You 
are trying to make a fool of me. You 
can't do it.” 

Cutchins tried to fix the exact 
date of the alleged shooting. 

Witness Shouts. 

“How do you know so much about 
this?’ Fox shouted. “You were back 
at headquarters, 30 miles away.“ 
“I was where duty sent me,” said 
Cutchins, who was attached to 20th 
division headquarters. “Why were you 
behind the lines that. morning?” 
“By orders. I had been ordered to 
get back and destroy grenades.” 
There was a long wrangle after Mr. 
Cutchins gave Fox a letter and asked 
if he had signed it. First. saying he 
had, Fox later denied authorship. 

An important point in the letter, 
according to Mr. Cutchins, was the 
statement by the writer that he was 
an orphan, Fox today insisted that 
his mother was living. 1 

Compares Letters. 

Finally Senator Ernst, republican, 
Kentucky, attempted to settle the 

int by directing Fox to copy the 
etter, the senator dictating. Sena- 
tor Ernst then compared the two 
letters closely. 

“Do I understand you to say you 
did not write it?” he asked Fox. 

J am positive about it. My moth- 
er is not dead. Some of it looks like 
my writing, but I didn’t do it.” 

Stonewall Jackson Albin, of Kerns- 
town, Va., declared he saw “Major 
Opie shoot an American soldier in 
cold-blood.” . 

“The runner, who was shot, was 
running toward the major,” said Al- 
bin. “I saw him hand the major 
a piece of paper, which Major Opie 
glanced at. Then the runner turned 
his back and started to walk away 
when Major Opie shot him. Opie 
gazed at the fallen man for a few 
minutes and then moved on.“ 

Gassed in War. 

Albin declared 100 or more per- 
sons could have seen the shooting. 
The witness was gassed in the war 
and has been unable to work, he said. 

While testifying, Albin, pointing 
to a spectator, asserted that the man 
had tried to persuade him not to tes- 
tify against Major Opie. 

Another witness, James E. Carlton, 
of Richmond, Va., testified that he 
saw Major Opie shoot a soldier on 
October 9, 1918. 

“IT saw Major Opie seize a rifle 
and order him to stop,” said Carlton. 
“He shot and a man fell.” 

No other bullets: were falling at 
the time, the witness said, but some 
shells were dropping. 

Pressed by Chairman Brandegee, 
the witness said he did not hear just 
what Major Opie said, but he appear- 
ed to be addressing his men. 

“Do you know that the bullet fired 
by Major Opie was the bullet that 
made the man fall?’ 

“I won't say positively. But when 
I saw the man fifteen minutes later, 
he appeared to be dead.” 

“Why didn’t vou complain?“ 


* 
oe . 05 8 Or R 
ee ; + 4 1 
' ff ' } 
; 4 4 . ' ö 
— i 2 


a PES ry 
Mar 5 Py #1 ow r * preg 
et 
d — 27 
f ‘ * = i 


q 7 7 4 
2 ¢ . 
. . 
Via 
N 
7 * 
M 0 „ R 


* ot 
9 * . 
8 


4 F 
— 


FOR 


ae 


HARRIS. 


— 
s 


_* 


“From Moring’s letter, he believed | made 


Harris in 1884. Mr. Harris died in 
Atlanta in 1900. 


Mrs. Harris, with Mrs. J. M. High 
and Mrs. J. D. McUarty, 

the congregation of North Avenue 
Presbyterian church and has been 
prominently identified with that in- 
stitution ever since, Up to her death 
she was chairman of the business 
woman's committee & the church. 


Served During War. 

Until three months ago, she was 
cafeteria director of thé Young Wom- 
en's Christian association, During 
the world war period, she was eafe- 
teria director of the hostess house at 
Camp Gordon, and it is thought that 
her arduous service there caused her 
health to fail. When her heaith be- 
gan to fail two years ago, Mrs, Har- 
ris was forced to stay at her home 
most of the time and it was then 
that people showed how much they 
appreciated and respected her charac- 
ter. Messages and flowers came in 
abundance to her door every day. 

She is survived by three children, 
Mrs. Henry 8. Johnson, Jr., Mrs. 
Joseph D. Osborne and James O. Har- 
ris, all of Atlanta; two sisters, Mrs. 
Samuel Graves, of Maryville, Tenn., 
and Mrs. John A. Smith, of Gaines- 
ville, Ga. She was also the sister 
of the late Mrs. Walker P. Inman, the 
late Mrs. George Hynds and the late 


Samuel K. Dick. 


Tribute to Mrs. Harris. 


A loving tribute to Mrs. Harris 
has been writteh by Wickliff Gray, 
of New York city, who.is now visiting 
Atlanta. Mrs. Harris was his friend 
when he was a boy here. ‘he tribute 
follows: 

God and nature have called and Sallie 
Dick Harris has answered the summons. 

With the same firmly sweet fortitude that 
characterized her from girlhood, her last 
days of intense suffering were glorified by 
her courage. As unswerving in her faith as 
one of the Christian martyrs, without re- 
bellion, but with a sublime resignation, to 
those who knew and loved her, even her 
death and the manner of it, an 
inspiration dynamic with the emulative im- 
pulse and the hope that when our own vale 
of shadows draws near we shall be, like 
her, sp near to God as to make the transi- 
tion and journey brief. 

To one as a boy who knew her, and whe 
had not seen her for a generation before 
her passing, she was an ideal of womanly 
sweetness. To the boy she was a criterion 
by which fo measure others of her sex; 
to the man she was and always will be a 
fragrant memory, epitomizing the strength 
and purity and devotion of the perfect wife, 
mother and friend, 

If God is love, then surely Sallie Dick 
Harris is part and parcel of omnipotent 
cosmic consciousness, For she radiated love 
in her every contact with life, and drew it 
from others with the sureness of a magnet. 

Within the hour of her death an old ne- 
gro mammy, full of years and service in 
the family of a relative, remarked: ‘‘She 
was the sweetest woman I ever knew.“ 

Mammy has spoken for us all. We who 
knew her loved her becanse she suggested 
nothing but sincerity, devotion, kindness and 


thy. 

2 while we give outward semblance 
to sorrow at her passing, we know that she 
is still with us, will always be with us. A 
spirit so fine leaves impressions that are in- 
delible, ineradicable, intertwined in the livee 
and aspirations of her family and her 
friends. 

She has lived her life and the world is 
the better for it 


“TJ was afraid I could not prove 
it, and in that case I would be shot.” 
Out of Job. 

Answering Senator Overman, dem- 
ocrat, North Carolina, Carlton said 
he was out of a job and was receiv- 
ing no compensation from the gov- 
ernment, not having been wounded. 

“At that time wasn't Major Opie 
trying to reform his scattered lines?“ 
asked Mr. Cutchins. : 

“He wasn’t trying to reform me,” 
Carlston replied. 

Next came William D. Gillie, of 
Richmond, Va., who testified he saw 
Major Opie shoot a soldier on Octo- 
ber 9, 1918. 

“At that time Major Opie seemed 
bent on stopping retreat by his men,” 
Gillie said. “I saw Major Opie take 
a rifle and fire; I saw him shoot 
and the man fall, but I can’t swear 
the major killed him. The man may 
have been gold-bricking, «pretending 
to be dead. Such things can hap- 
pen.” 

“If you saw Major Opie threaten- 
ing to shoot you and there was a 
handy shell hole wouldn’t you drop 
into it?” Chairman Brandegee asked. 

“Well, to give Major Opie credit, 
if he pointed a gun at me I wouldn't 
try to reach a shell hole, for I 
couldn’t get there in time.” 

The committee recessed here un- 
til 2 p. m. 


} 
Philadelphia Firm 
Is Awarded Contract 
To Engrave Bonds 


Contract to engrave the bonds of 
Atlanta's $8,850,000 issue was award- 
ed Tuesday by the bond commission 
to the E. A. Wright Bank Note com- 
pany, of Philadelphia, the lowest of 
four bidders. The award will be pass- 
ed on by cify council next Monday. 
The company's bid was $3,727. 

Other bids were as follows: Security 
Bank Note company, of Philadelphia, 
$3,849.18; Foote and Davies, Atlanta, 
$5,575; American Bank Note com- 
pany, of New York, $6,875. 

The bonds will be in denomination 
of $1,000 each and the school bonds, 
the waterworks bonds, the viaduct 


in separate colors. ‘The colors will 
be blue, green, gold and brown. 


— 


eight times as costly as in 1914. 
Living in Austria is now thirty- 


CALL BELLE ISLE TAXICAB 


No More Gas in 


Stomach & Bowels 


She has passed and heaven is the bright- 
er for it. . 


SERVICES FOR WAR. 
HEROES HERE TODAY 


Services for seven American sol- 
diers who died in France during the 
world war will be held. Wednesday 
morning at 8:15 o’cleck when their 
bodies arrive at the Terminal sta- 
tion. Chaplain John Randolph, of 
Fort McPherson, will officiate, and 
the various patriotic organizations of 
Atlanta will participate. 


French engineers.are trying to find 
a substitute for coke for use in the 
metallaurgical industries, which are 
dependent upon imported supplies. 


Classified Rates 


One time 555 2 2 „ „ „ „ „ „„ 1de a line 
Three times Iden line 
Seven times „Ie ns line 
Thirty times or more. . Ie s line 


Above rates for consecutive Inser- 
tions only. 

No advertisement accepted for. 
less than two lines, 

Advertisementg under the follow- 
ing classifications will only be in- 
1 when cash accompanies the 
order: 

For Rent—Rooms, Furnished or 
Unfurnished, 

For Rent—Rooms Unfurnished. 

Wanted—Board. 

Wanted—Boarders. 

Fee Rent—Rooms Furnished. 

Situation Wanted—Male. 

Situation Wanted—Female 

Wanted—To Rent Rooms Fur- 
nished. . 

Wanted—FTo Rent Rooms Unfur- 
nished. 

The Constitution will not be re- 
sponsible for more than one in- 
correct insertion of any advertise- 
ment ordered for more than one 


ime. 

Advertisements not paid in ad- 
vance will be charged for the actual 
number. of lines occupied, regard- 
less of the number of words, 1 
ads will not be estimated. Part of 
. line will be charged same as a full 

ne. 


Accounts opened for ads (except- 
ing those classifications t are 
cash with order) by telephone te 
accommodate you 
in the telephone 


vertisements that are to appear un- 
988 in advance” class 
Courteous operators, thorou 
familiar with rates, rules and aa 
sifications, will Fve you complete 
information, And if you wish, they 
will assist you in wordin our 
want ad to make it most effective. 
Discontinuance of ad 
must be in writing. It will not 
accepted by phone is protects 
your interests as well as ours, 


22 Ps 
eee 3 


i or’ ; f . N ; pie ; r N . 
N 10 8 ae ick 2 8 2 5 2 * Bote 3 9 . 2 8 * ? “ 2 ; 5 
j a — 1 wl ee. ö ee. i 8 N : ; : . e + eas, PRR EL CRI oe Toakany „ 
& wey, 85 * 8 — N 2 jek - ¥ er. * coy 2 RBs 2 * f 1 3 te 2 A st ry 
988 oe a 
3 
* e . * Bs a. 


_ AT e eee st 5 3 eal Seon . 2 Saf Bibs 


2 2 — banh nn 
My Ee oy Ay 


8 


* ives ea ay a * . 1 ae io ae — ie saa . 


“FINE 
_ WHAT DOES IF e 


THAT'S just what our service dept. 


a 
N. 8. — . 7.45 
3 „„ „% = 


24 3 —— 
: i N Saeed 3 2 Ly 2 6 „ „„ N | a r.: rg 
at home. Write for * 8 BD . PRYOR. IVY 5986. 


— — use our service dept. to the fullest N. T. F 0: e caer 
extent there is no charge, } bye 8 W. F., care be- 
NO MISREPRESENTATION. | stitution. 


placed under no obligation to 
NATIONAL AL CHAIN TIRE SHOPS 


COMPARE these prices and uate * 
MARIETTA AND — 
| TIRES 


derful savings. 
AUTOMOBILES 


S2x4 N. K 48.68 
N. 8. 56 5 „6 „%%j 060 * 16,95 


8 nie . 5 
ee es mt 


7 — Aenne a 

4 uae ee) 7 - —— 

“et ee ok 55 * 

* ay: psy „ 
ee e ae 4 


> * E 


3 


90. 107 


. and can hold a 
at 318 itan buil 


I 
e 


A : 


* 


89 * 
＋ 


r : 
x150, on car Une, north 
side. This is a most at- 
- tractive home and we can 


22.9 
2 


PLENTY MONEY “FOR . 
MORTGAGE NOTES. 
FOSTER, 104 NORTH “PRYOR ST. 


#3 


LUMBER 


an 
escese 7:30 pm 


BE 
8855 


933818331113335 


Fort Valley—Local , 
“a , Birmingham-Memphis . 
o eee Air Line le eeee 
eess CHumbus— eee 
ne pl pve cece 
J eenre Hef! in—Local eee 
in Macon-Valdosta- Jaxvllie 


eee 
arenas sBeEEE Benner 


Ses S88 8888888888888 
e eee 


* 

2 be 2 . ee ee © 
weet 
4 


35 
> 
: 

ue 

27 7. 

3 
e 
R 


Peachtree Station only: 
4:00 pm 11:00 am 
16:55 ia  Washington-New York 4:00 pm 


UNION PASSENGER STATION 
Arrives— GEORGIA RAILEOAD 
72:15 hm.. Augusta 
3:35 pm... Augusta-Colum 
8: 1 Im Au ugusta 52 „ „% „%„%„%„%6„ 
47:40 am 2 — 6 6 6 „%% „ 

[BO am Mon 3 6 „ „„ 60% 6 6: 10 pm 
6-50 am, tfeston- Wilmington 7:40 — 
6:50 am... “Augusta-Columbia ... 7:40 pm 

tDaily except Sunday. Sunday only. 


Arrives— L. 4 N. BR. NX. Leaves 

6:05 „ent., tnd’ 22 oe 7:10 am 
. na w 

8:50 Clev., bd Cinci., ath 7:25 am 

‘10:20 am... Co Hill—Local 1 

11:30 am., Cincinnati-Louisville 4:28 pm 

11:80 am Knoxville via Cartersville 4:25 pm 


4728 N.. 0 Cc. 4 ST. L. RY. — Leaves 
m., ‘Nashville-Chattanooga. . 

Chicago-8t, Louis ... 

: ‘_Nashville-Chattanooga ° 

19: :30 am Rome-Chatta —Local 

7:30 am. Louis ae Ot 


eas sion 
2:30 pm 

pm 
8:10 pm 


Nashville-St. 


LOST AND FOUND 


—— . PPP PAD PLD PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP 
LOST—White and brown spotted setter dog 
from my home on Peachtree road. Liberal 
reward for his return, Telephone Hem. 860-J 

or Ivy 6403. 

$25 REWARD for stolen 1922, d. demountabie 
rim, self-starter Ford touring car, Motor 

No, 5497519, key No. 59. D. Barrett, Athens, 

Georgia. 

Los fin neckpiece on River car at post- 
office, becween 11 and 11:30 a, m. Monday. 
Reward, Return to J. R. Smith, Constitution 

office. 
STRAYED OR STOLEN—From State street 
and Hemphiti Ave., Airedale bitch, Phone’ 


Ivy 2083 
FF REWARD—75. 
FOR arrest and conviction of ‘thieves who 
stole 1921 Ford truck, motor No. 
from 182 Hampton street, January 4. 


Notify 
AUTOMOBILE TNDERWRITERS DETEC- 
TIVE B 
401 Hu Hurt Bide. Atlanta, Ga, 
$75—REWARD—$75 

FOR arrest and conviction of thieves who 
stole 1922 Ford Touring car, motor 5535158, 
from Forsyth street, December 31, Notify 
AUTOMOBILE f UNDERWRITERS DETEC- 


401 Hurt B! és. Atlanta, Ga. 


"= 


TEACHERS 


ege teachers, 8. A. 
402 557 „ 1 Bl., — 
RS placed for spring 
are to confer — Mr. Wh Porgy 
1131" Healey Bide... Atlanta re 2 


UNE OF THE OLDaST and best 

known institutions of Atlanta de- 
sires a few good solicitors or 
salesmen for city and suburbs on 
commission and galary basis. Men 
of good address and salesmanship 
can easily make from 35 to $10 
daily. One gentleman, working 
only four days Jatt week, made 
| over $37. Another, former $16 a 
week man, made on our propos! 
tion over $30 last week, and still 
another made $36. Must be relia- 
ble and supply satisfactory refer- 
ences as such. No loafers or irre- 
sponsible transients need apply. 
The best man of all employed who 
shows by results he is. competent 
will be given a permanent position 
as crew manager. Apply to A. C. 
Tommy, City Circulation, 2d floor, 
Constitution building. 


EXPERIENCED wholesale 
traveler by leading motor car 
manufacturer with extensive 


interests in southeastern states. 
IF you feel qualified to make head- 

way under existing conditions, 
address H. 561, Constitution, giving 
in first letter name and address, 
experience and compensation 
wanted. 


WANTED—A good distributor for Atlanta 
and surrounding territory, to handle the 
finest Malt Tonic and Near Beer made in 
Chicago. Address H. Reddy, Salesagent, 529 
Clinton St., East Macon, Ga. 


FRUIT TREE salesmen, profitable, pleasant 
business for hustlers. Write today. Con- 
cord Nurseries, Dept. 38, Concord, Ga. 


WANTED—High-pressure, experienced stock 
salesman to sell stock in local going con- 
cern, which has unlimited possibilities, Hem- 
lock 8772. 

r MILES per gallon made with new pat- 
ented gasoline vaporizer. Write for partic, 
Stransky Vaporizer Co., Pukwana, 8. D. 
TO sell good commercial state maps for 
business use, in Georgia towns and cities, 
yt J to 3 or write 621 Forsyth Bidg., 


Situation Wanted—Male 


BY GRADUATE pharmacist, several years” 
expe. Capable managing store. 1.560 
Constitution. 
WELL experienced cook and butler desires 
position. Furnish good refs. H-562, Const, 
DRUGGIST, 5 years’ exp., willing to work 
in any part of store, t ref. W. 108X1, 
„ oe six ge ga 
or rmanent wor - 
Constitution. i 2555 
EXPERIENCED office worker and bokkeep- 
er wants work at once, Something with a 
future preferred. Address F-60, Constitution. 
REGISTERED 4 * college graduate, 
desires position. | x 1093, Auburn, Ala, 


$75——_ REW ARD-—_$75. 
FOR . ARREST — of thieves 
who stole 1922 Ford t g car, motor 
No. 5275198, 1922 license No. 947, from 24 


| Central Ave. January Oth. Notify Automo- 
Male Underwriters Detective Bureau, 401 Hurt 


Ridg.. Atlanta. 


HELP WANTED—Male 


ONE OF THE OLDEST and best 

known institutions in Atlanta de- 
sires a few good solicitors or sales 
men kor city and ‘suburbs on com- 
mission and salary basis. Men of 
good address and salesmanship can 
easily make $5 to $10 daily. One 
gentleman working four days made 
in excess of $37. Another, formerly 
working for $16 week, made on 
our proposition over $30 last weels 
Still another made over $36. Must 
be reliable and supply satisfactory 
references as such. No loafers or 
irresponsible transients need ap- 
ply. The best man of all employed 
who shows by results he is compe- 
tent will be given a permanent po- 
sition as crew manager. Apply to 
A. C Tommy, city circulation, 2d 
floor, Constitution building. 


WANTED 
90 EXPERIENCED 


TIRE SALESMEN. 
APPLY 
297 PEACHTREE ST. 


Entrance next door to 
—95 Peachtree Street. 


WANTED—MAN BETWEEN 21 AND. 80 
YEARS OF AGE TO ACT AS “JUNIOR 
»- SALESMAN, MUST BE 1 ay 
START AT SMALL SALAR 
HARD WORK, STUDY AND Lary 
MAKE PERMANENT CONNECTION WITH 
A GROWING CONCERN. GOOD EDUCA- 
TION NECESSARY, PREFERABLY AGRKI- 
“UILTURAL COLLEGE. FERENCES RE- 
2U RED, APPLY TO SMITH BROS., DE- 
CATUR, OR PHONE DECATUR 21¹ 
= MORNIN oF JANUARY 12. 
MASTER MECHANIC 
15 ISION STOREREEPER WANT- 
MMEDIATE {QPENING. MUST 
MAN, THOR- 
OUGHLY “EXPERIENCED. AND WILLING 
TO LEAVE CITY. APPLY 200 METRO- 
POLITAN BUILDING. 
SALESMAN covering Georgia, Alabama and 


goods trade, to sell imported no- 
as @ side line on commissi basis. 


Situation Wanted — Female 


BUSINESS —— ice 25 competent 

u the han of o — affa! open 

for proposit — Ivy 67 a 

den belpe teacher a —2 as 
* er’s per’’ mn a refined home. 

Would lke care of children. Address F-66, 

care Constitution. 

EXPERIENCED stenographer desires 

tion. Best of references. Phone I. 7 


BUSINESS CHANCES 


— LP LP FIP PFI PAPA AAP ARAPAALALALAAA LY 
SECRETARY-TREASURER—exceptional op- 
portunity for 2 man of good standin 
and business judgment, Required take $7, 500 
stock of corporation. Address Manager, P. 0. 

Box 1372, giving telephone number. 
20 ROOMS, hotel, good business, long 
lease, best location: 14 light housekeeping 
rooms. Alvin Hotel, 8% N. Forsyth. 


THE entire state of Georgia as territory for 
the distribution of the 8-minute dishwash- 
er. Small capital will bring large profits. 
Best-Made Dish Washing Co., 40 Peachtree 


Arcade Building. 
LIGHTKOOTS’ e 


{Ask for lst.) = 5 1 Prvor St. I. 7044. 
FOR SALE—A good pool room, 206 Decatur 
street. Doing — business, cheap rent, 
long lease: reason for selling leaving town. 
GET THE AGENCY YOUR 
TERRITORY THB 

**VACUETTE” NON - ELECTRIC 
VACUUM CLEANER, 8 over 

all makes and best value on the market. 
Wonderful selling field. 15 „ 16 distributor, 
210 Walton Bide. 


FOR SALE—Grocery store and meat market; 
good location; cheap rent. I. 9837. 


DANCING 


HURST 5 SCHOOL OF DANCING. Hem, 

126. Garber Hall, 522 Peach- 
tree. Ivy 87 708. 1922 official da ce cre- 
ations. Affiliated with American National 
and International Association Masters of 
Dancing. 


TYPEWRITERS 


— . BBB BPI ——— . — ... 
TYPEWRITERS for sale and rent, visible, 3 
months for $6.50 and up. We epecialize in 
rep*iring and rebuilding typewriters, Write 
for catalogue C-70. American Writing Ma- 
chine Co., 185 Peachtree Arcade. Atlanta, 
Ga. Phone Ivy 72340. SHE OUR NEW 
machine, the CENTURY—835. 
WE want your typewriter repair work. 

. guaranteed regardless of 
ma 

TYPEWRITER REPAIR CO. 

BUILDERS’ EXCHANGE. PHONE I. 7440. 


Quick Service Typewriter Co. 
WE overhaul and rebuild all makes type- 

writers; special attention to calls. Out-of- 
town work ed promptly. 16 Peachtree 
— Atlanta, Ga., Ivy 1618 for estimate. 


HORSES AND VEHICLES 


HORSES, mules, farm wagons and harness. 
Vittur Horse and Mule Co. 454 Marietta st. 


yg lumber No. 1, long-leaf 
yellow pine, 2x4, 2x6, co 2x10, 
in lengths, 
sand equare feet « -815.00 
14 per thousand square feet . eee 100 
COMMON boards, mixed widths and 
lengths, per thousand sq. feet aye 
DROP siding, 6-in. per thousand gq, ft. 
FLOORING, per thousand sq. ft. 


fee 
and "matched, 4. 
thousand 


CEILING, 4 3 — ng POLES! eq. ft. 
CRATING lumber, per thousand sq, ft. 10.00 
SHORT biocking, per thousand sq. ft. 5.00 
6-INCH posts, 4-ft. to 12-ft. lengths, 
each up froonnn aco 20 


MILL. WORK 


CLASS A DOORS, 5 cross panel, 


-8x6-8 
cians * DOORS, 5 cross : size 
2-8x6-8 
GLAZED DOORS, 2- 8x6-8 . » 
SASH (10x15-6), light. outside meas- 
urement 34x34 inches, each 
DOOR AND FRAME, oe set up, 
practically new . 
WINDOW AND FRAME, " ‘complete, 
with two 10x16x6, light sash, set up 4.00 
GARAGE ORS, up from 2.00 
WALL BOARD, per thousand eq, ft. 10.00 
3 BOARD, per thousand sq. 0 
SCREEN DOORS, n... e ee 
WINDOW FRA MES, up from 
DOOR FRAMES, up eee es 
STAIRWAY, complete 


PAINTS 


paint, 5-year guaranteed, all colors, 


HOUSE 
Ask for color card. Gal- 


including white, 
lon, $2.55. 


ROOFING 


NEW ROOFING—Sliate surface, extra heavy 
(red or green), 108 sq. ft. to roll. Satis- 
faction guaranteed, per roll, $2.55. 
USED. ROOFING—Heavy weight, carefully 
removed and re-rolied, 100 aq. ft. to roll, 
750. : 
INQUIRIES ANSWERED PROMPTLY 
CITY DELIVERIES ARRANGED, 


ROSE BROS. & CO., 
CAMP GORDON 


HEMLOCE 5640. 
TAKE OGLETHORPE UNIV. CAR. 
BUS MEETS ALL CARS. 


FOR SALE—FLAT 
NEWSPRINT PAPER 
‘| SUITABLE FOR SMALL 
PUBLISHERS AND JOB 
PRINTERS, THE PRICE 
IS RIGHT. P. O. BOX 
1731, ATLANTA, GA. 


FURS REMODELED and repaired. L New 

firs at lowest rates. Wilner for. 

fine furs. 217 Peachtree. 

NATIONAL cash registers, new and second 
hand. All sizes and prices from $75 up. 

Easy terms. All guaranteed by the National 

Cash Register Co. Phone Ivy 7246, or call 

54 Nor North Pryor St., Atlanta. 

TWO 8-ft. show cases practically new, 
Edgewood Ave 

DIAMOND, — 1 carat, best engagement 
quality; | unusual bargain. P. O0. Box 437. 

FURNISHINGS for 10-room apartment, cost 
$700, will sacrifice for quick sale. Apply 

148 West Peachtree. 

FOR SALE, cheap, flat-top desk, typewriter, 
electric fan, check protector, box files, of- 

fice rug, etc. 422 Grant Bidg. 

INSTANTANEOUS HOT WATER HEATER; 

RGE SIZE. PHONED MAIN 2709-J. 


PRACTICALLY new cash register, show case 
and meat slicer. Bargain. 59 W. Mitchell. 
5 CAN FIX IT. Everything 
O BRIEN repaired, electrical or me- 
chanical; no job is to small, none too large. 
Main 8248- J, day or night. 
BOTTLES ALL kinds of new, gec- 
ond-hand bottles and 
cans, Atlanta Bottle Supply Co., 162 Peters 
Street. Ivy 8783. 
SLLVHUS’ glasses are good glasses. Repairs 
at pre-war prices. 19 South Broad Street, 


BUY FROM 


CITY COAL CO. 
AND SAVE MONEY. 
CURTAINS and rugs, chairs, ‘irs, bedroom fur- 
niture, kitchen equipment, refrigerator. No 
dealers. Hem, 4729-J. 3 Virginia circle, 


NEW and used bicycles — | 3 Cycle 
& Supply Co., 81 Marietta 
TWO DIAMUNDS, 1.35.00. Must de 

sold. M-24. care Constitution. 
DON’T buy vacuum clean- 
SAVE 5 0% er without seeing the 
wonderful Vacuette. No electricity required; 
no expense; great efficiency; most con- 
venient. 210 Walton Building, Ivy 1451. 


PNEUMONIA weather.*Get Watkins’ Lini- 
ment-Mustard Ointment, at 43 P’tree Are. 
FOR SALE—Slightly soiled Webster’s very 
latest New International Dictionary. Cheap 
cash. C. O, F., Constitution office. 


NEW AND USED SCALES FOR EVERY 
PURPOSE. TOLEDO SCALES CO., 103 
MARIFTTA, 


BARBED WIRE? 


inches apart; new, government § surplus 
nted black: 40 rods to roll; worth 
price only $2.25. Send money -with 
Satisfaction guaranteed or money re- 
funded. Stein & Co.. 1 Grant st., Atlanta. 
ELECTRIC vacuum cleaner, brand-new at- 
tachments; half price for cash, Ivy 1451. 
HOUSEHOLD furniture of all kinds cheap 
for cash. 8. M. Snider, 100 S. Forsyth sat. 
Main 8645. 
1.25-100 GENTS’ diamond; fancy block; en- 
Amel mtg. „ $425, M-24, care Constitution. 
DICTAPHONES like new, including ghaver. 
500 Austell Bid. Ivy 828. 
FU RNITU RE— Rugs, stoves, etc. Half price 
_and less. Swift. 73 South Pryor. 
NEW and used furniture of the better kind 
at bargain Cash or terms. Gibson 
Furniture Exchange. 28 RER. Mitchel) st. 


points 


three 


01 
pad Hy 


150 1 


FOR SALE 


Used Cars and Trucks 


FOR Ton. 

REPUBLIC 3-4 Ton. 
REPUBLIC 1 1-2- Ton. 
1920 Oldsmobile Touring. 


SMALL. CASH PAYMENT 


Balance Monthly. 


Republic Truck Sales Corp. 


15 CURRIER ST. 


19 
19 
19 


RARE BARGAINS 
20 NASH. 

19 SCRIPPS-BOOTH. 

20 ELGIN. 


1920 OAKLAND SEDAN. 


OAKLAND MOTOR 


CAR CO. 


270 PEACHTREE ST. 


ti 


Good condition and looks new .. 


1921 E 


We 
$75 


completely equipped ...ssscscserse 
have a car to suit you. 


A FEW OF OUR 
BARGAINS 


ster. Completely 


ring 
on and lot penn , . 
„686 Touring. Refinished. ore 


Near new and 
675 


Price 
up. Terms can be arranged. 


ssex ‘Touring. 


J. M. HARRISON & CO. 
SOUTH’S LARGEST USED CAR 


Phon 


DEALERS 
e Ivy 3136. 8-10 Ivy Street. 


1920 
1919 
1918 
1920 


1919 
1920 
1920 
1918 


Franklin 
04 W. Peachtree St. 


REBUILT FRANELINS 
Touring * bse eee 
Touring * et ares 
Touring 5 e eee 


Coupe. 
OTHER MAKES 5 
* 
otor Car rea 
Ivy 2407. 


Marmon 7-pass mn 300 
Cleveland . 
Buick Roadster .... 


950 
550 
750 
Buick Tourin 400 


1922 Ford Touring Demonstrator 


FORD BARGAINS. 


. -$425,00 


1920 Ford Touring, perfect e. oe * 


1920 Ford Roadster 
1920 Ford Light Panel 
1919 Ford Chassis, starter 
1917 Ford Touring 


85.00 


2 
Delivery „ 225.00 
00.00 


eet 


J. M. Pharr Ford Exchange 


147 MARIETTA ST. 


PHOND 


VIM DELIVERY CARS—SIX NEW NES 


ONES 


AT 50 “TO CENT OFF LIST; 


5 USED 
$600. THE BEST LITTLD 


TRUCK MAD 
THOMPSON BONDED WAREHOUSE 


5 PEACHREED STREET 


1919 Grand 8,“ 
of 


EASY TERMS 
ust had $179 worth 


par ta. $50 down, 


ae 45 — 


bala 
1919 — 5 Minute Man — $50 down 
tire . 880 d 


1918 Saxon 
1917 Dodge Touri 
1914 Packard 


8, * 
768 


fect 


Dodge 
extra tires and rim 


1917 Ford Touring 


FORD 


BODY 


LI 
LIGH 


G. HARRIS, ir 
132 MARIETTA ST. 
F TRUC n Lar 
1-TON T K, * 


AND CAB $ 
BETTER AT $300, 30 FORD 


DELIVERY AT $250. 


SHOMPSOR 7 1 


ACHTREE ST 


WILL 


for lighter car. 


dition, 
156. 


1918 N ‘ATIONAL 


ll at at sacrifice or exchange 
Sauer an Looks good. Perfect con- 


with new tires. 111 8. Forsyth. Main 


IF you want a five-passenger Paige, in good 


mechanical 


condition, tires and — 


god. Call Ivy 4103. This car must be sold 


today. 


FORDS 


NEW and used. J. H. Prich- 
ard Motor Co. West 2100. 


SELDEN TRUCKS and Selden service. 322 


Peachtree St. 


Ivy 6767. 


WE STORBD, sell and advance money on cars. 


Thompson Bonded W 


Warehouse, 455 P*tree 


NEW cars at less than — cost. 


324-326 Peachtree Stree 


USE 


= Atlanta Cadillac 


D CARS 2 152 W. Penchtree. 


STANDARD MAKE TIRES 
7,000 MILES 7 MILES 


tube box patches 
Tire, tube and box patches 


Souths A Atlantic Tires Sales Co. 
284 PEACHTREE ST. IVY 4103. 


) ¥ 
AUTO TOPS © 
— nt a San — repaired. High-class 


““ATLAN TA TOP CO. 


155-15% Edgewood Ave. Ivy 2218 
MONEY —0On Real Estate 
6% Real Estate Loans 


WB have loaned 81. 000. 000 on Atlanta resi- 

dential property during the past year, at 
6 per cent interest. Decatur loans 7 per 
—— ~~ as handle yours. Loans 


F. J. Bettes & Co., Inc. 


211 ATL. TRUST CO. BLDG. I. 2240-2241. 


* 


LOA 
CENTRAL PROPERTY 6 PER CENT. 
RESIDENCE PROPERTY 6% TO 7 PER CT. 
W. B. SMITH, IVY 16. 
706 FOURTH NATIONAL BANK BLDG, 


$2,250 TO ſend on improved property in 
Atlanta or suburbs. 


W. O. ALSTON 

1217 Citizens and Southern Bank Bldg. Z-. 
MONEY on hand for first mort- 

gage real estate loans, payable 
monthly. Rate $2.16 on the hun- 
dred. Money here. No delay. 

BROWN-BEASLEY COMPANY. 
210 Ga. Sav, Bank Bldg. Ivy 2051 
SIX PER CENT MONEY ON 

HAND FOR MONTHLY LOANS 
ON REAL ESTATE, ON THE $100, 
WHICH INCLUDES INTEREST, 
NO DELAY. W. A. FOSTER, 104 
NORTH PRYOR ST. IVY 5986. 


MONEY to loan at current rate on improved 
Trust 


T. 
a an up for loans and notes, . 


ayth gtreet. Real estate and renting. 


e. 
1 E e Phone 


lend to property 
np 
A 


property. 8. W. Carson, 414 Atlanta 


Co. Bidg. 

QUICK loans made on Atlanta and Decatur 

real estate in sums from $500 to $50,000. 
B. Gay, 409 Trust Co. Ga. Bidg. 

No de- 

H. F. West, 318 Atlanta National. 


A086 loans and purchase * notes 
on Atlanta ** 1 Consult us. Es- 
tablished since 1 


S. B. TURMAN & COMPANY 
208 Atlanta Trust Oo. Bidg. 
WH HAVE money on hand to make real 
estate loans at current rates, Adair Real- 
ty and Trust Co., Healey bidg., Atlanta. 
FUNDS on hand for loan and purchase 
money notes. F. Liebman, 58 N. For - 


0 ge loans on real 


MO 
SIRST and second 
at Slicer, 


mortga 
Building loans made, J. 8. 
Ivy 955. 


second mortgage loans. A. G. 
n 2225 Palmer bidg. Ivy 4270. 


MONEY TO LOAN 


GET A BENEFICIAL 
LOAN 


WE LEND MONEY ON NOTES 
Or dome furniture without removal, 
honest persons, abaving steady jobs; also 
whers: no pawns: loans 
to $300, repayable in 8 to 15 monthly 
or as desired: legal charges 


to 


business men; ed in — 
leit of service; very fair and helpful; 
strictly confidential and courteous dealings; 
a safe place to borrow; new borrowers 
welcomed: privacy guaranteed: quick serv- 
ice; hours 9 to 5:30, Saturdays 9 to 1. 
Call. write or phone, Ivy 5-5-5-0. 
BENEFICIAL LOAN SOCIETY 
420 PALMER BUILDING 
Marietta and Forsyth Streets. 
Yicensed by Superintendent of Banks. 
Member of Atlanta Chamber of C Commerce, 


IVY 5986. 
BOARD AND ROOM 


ROOM and — for business — or 3 
3 conveniences. Phone 
3878.1. 888 Highiand Avenue. wy 


ROOM and board for e or yo men. 
Bates reasonable. Refs 783 — 
550 PEACHTREE ST. — Room and 
1 young man; connecting bath, HL. S8ei, 
LOVELY front room, steam heat, first-class 
board and surroundings. 642 Peachtree. 
ROOM and board in private home for fam- 
ily of 4 or 2 couples. Hemlock i 
STEAM heated room with board; no 
boarders; refs. Juniper near 12th. . 2448. 
ROOM and board, 2 men or business couple, 
or business ladies. M Hemlock 1380. 
A FEW nice e, in elegan modern 
home. Hemiloc W. * 
PIEDMONT AVE. Third — cou - 


Pa. only, Delight fut “room room adjoi bath; 
ce heat; excel. meals; garage. H. 3931. 


REFI NED business girl wishes to share love- 
ly room, very reasonable, Adelaide Apart- 

ments, Nö. 6. West 1896-2. 

TWO refined young ladies as roommates. 
References. Ivy 6634. 


BOARDERS WANTED 


THE Mary Barnard Tea Room on 808 Peach- 

tree St., near 10th St., offers special 
monthl rates: real food and refined environ- 
ment. We sell Daffodil dainties. 


HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS 
—— PLP LLLP LAPP 


FURNISHED 
2 OR 8 rooms for housekeen! con- 
veniences. Owner. References, 1, Sha W. 
TWO housekeeping ood location, 
close in. 319 Courtland. fy 7664-J. 
386 E. NORTH AVE. "Nicely fur. housk’g 
rooms with or without private bath. 
74 FORREST AVE.—Nice room, kitchenette, 
running water, walking distance, 
UNFURNISHED 
pe 4 * i rooms: * newly finished; 
antry, gas, te rage. 
Park section. Main 8082-3, 125 * Grant 
FOR RENT—Two rtly furnish Doms. 
West End Park. Cail West — 


co dara or Rent 


ROOMS — Op-to- 


THE ADOLPH ROOME — ggg 


$35, $40. 10, 10% East Harris Harris street. Ivy 6887. 


PEACHTREE INN HN 


st. I 205. 
Commercial and family hotel. Hot "water, 
steam heat, $3 to ) $5 wee * E. 78 to 81.50 


GATE ¢ CITY | HOTEL, cee 


heated rooms, $3.50 
per week and up. 108% South Forsyth 8t. St. 
LARGE room in private home on ~ West 
Peachtree St. All conv. - or young 
men preferred. Call Hemlock 3600. 
64 FORREST AVENUE—Large front room: 
private bath; steam heat. Ivy 2782. 
20-D CARNEGIE WAY, top floor. Cheerful, 
steam-htd,; conv. room. Gentlemen. I. 6381. 
200 W. PEACHTREE—Desirable rooms, run- 
ning water, heat, also garage. H. ie. W. 
33 FORREST AVB. —Nice, large room with 
Dath; steam heat. Ivy 4781. 
ONE nicely furnished housekee 
stairs room, $4 week, 49 W. Cain st. 
COZY, steam-heated room, adjoining —— 
private family. Probably meals. M. 1592-4 
BEAUTIFULLY furnished, heated room. 
Every convenience, 568 W. Peachtree, 
Hemlock 4198. 
LARGE front room in private home, ect- 
ing bath, furnace heat, Piedmont Park 
section. Hemlock 2742-J. 
THE HALL, Apt. 5, bright, steam heated 
__ corner room; walking distance, I. 6880-W, 
PEACHTREE—Desirable front room adjoin- 
ing bath, steam ht., ideal loca. H. 2714. 
LARGE front reom, furnace heat, modern 
conveniences. 345 W. P’tree St. Ii. 4272-J. 
WEST PEACHTREB residence, two desir- 
able connecting rooms with ate bath 
and dressing room. Hemlock 
GENTLEMEN-—Steam heat, twin beds, conn. 
bath. C4 each per wk. Pri. home. W. 599-J. 


LOANS 
3% Per Cent 


ON HOUSEHOLD GOODS, 
BONDS, INDORSED NOTES AND PER- 
SONAL PROPERTY OF ALL KINDS. 


Southern Security Co. 


215-216 ATLANTA NATL. BANK BLD@. 
Second Floor. Phone Ivy 8181. 


~ LOANS—$24 TO $300 


ON HOUSEHOLD GOODS and pianos at le- 
gal rates without removal. 


CITIZENS’ LOAN CO. 


PETERS BLDG. 
IVY 5205 * IVY 5296. 


SED 
Ela. 


TARE e Enterprises of Geor- 
Ine. 224 Peachtree. 


ON diamonds, valuables, Liberty bonds, etc. 
Any amount. 8 Peachtree street. 


USED CARSMABTN MOTOR ve. 
USED TRUCK AND Oak BA 


OTOR CAR 


GAINS, THE 
„ BOTLEVAR?. 


. 184 N 


AUTO BODIES FOR SALE 


FORD 


coupe, late model, $375; also satan. 
pe 3 nA 


roadster and touring car bodies. 


Whitmire, 41 Norcross St. 


West 1256. 


LIBERTY BONDS 


e PPD PPP PPP PP PPP PPP 
BEST prices paid for Liberty bonds. H. F. 
West, 318 Atlanta National. 


INSURANCE 


BETTY & GI.ENN — Insurance, all kinds. 
1417 Citz. & Son. Bank bide. Tel. I. 7381. 


you desire. 


BUSINESS CARDS 


ANY FIRM—ANY SERVICE 


LOOK FOR THE HEADING denoting the particular service or article 
Or better, read each of them and get many sugges- 
tions as to household and business conveniences that you are now 
doing without simply because it has never occurred to you that the 
services offered were so easily to be commanded. 


A DAILY FEATURE. 


BUSINESS CARDS 


FURNITURE 
furniture pack 
N. Wilson, ! 313 


N 
reseated, 


chairs 
and I shipped. Dee. 142-J. 
ewood Avente 


prices. 


SHOE REPAIRING 
ARCADE SHOE REPAIR C00. 
R repairing at 

Ivy . 41 Arcade Bidg. 


SAVE your All makes repaired. 
1 
arm pa nta nogra 
Estab. 20 years. 18 N. Pryor. Ivy 8380. 


AUTO PAINTING | 


experienced 
— record. Prefer man between 80 
5 old who can deliver the l and real - 


— 
ee * — mail 


Answer today. * 19. care Constitu. 


. 


DRESSMAKING, 8 remodel! : also 
sul 8 cling; alse 


ts and coats. 
Reasonable, Hemlock 4491-W ‘ 


__SEEDS AND PLANTS 


TREES AND PLANTS. . 
EMPIRE NURSERIES 
52 e 9080. Fruite and « 
trees. pot niants. bulbs. Cu 


Fruite and shade 
Cut flowers. 
MOTORCYCLES 
FAL FRIOR, oh two °33 model 3 


25% MORE MONEY — 


“Get the Cash. 
FULTON FURNITURE CO. 


WE BUY 22 


8 E. * 2 
4 1 
Sep aa ee | 


URN RNITI 
ie 


ure i PE OR. 3 


fae 30UG: NN 7 een 


LET US PAINT 
YOUR CAR. 
High-Class Work 
Reasonable Prices 
REO ATLANTA CO. 
112-114 West Peachtree Street 


Ivy 2790. 
RADIATOR REPAIRING 
Atlanta Radiator Co. 


RADIATOR, fender, os beds and lamp work. 
Satisfact service. 
288 EDG D AVE. BELL IVY 7434. 


COFIELD & MILAM 
3 Fender and Body Work. Also fur- 
. 301-303 Marietta Bt. I. 2486. 
American Auto Radiator Co. 


> 
’ — 
* 10 8 1 ; 
— * — 
5 : 2 
a — = eS ee ‘ ae 
3 * — r * 7 " a 
8 * 
Ay 5 
N 


B 


DFALERS IN 


ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS. 
RYAN ELECTRIC CO. 


Wr 


gg ye ee pity me 


ir furnaces 


price; ¢ ; chintney werk a * Ivy 5568 


MATTRESSES BENOVATED. 


box springs renovated. Ivy 7180. 


BOOF REPAIRING. 


MOONEY Fee Repairs all kinds: 13 month? 


lock 1086. 


LEAKY ROOFS, 
and at ag oy Mack. 


Call Me 110% ‘Whitehall Street. _ 


GATE 
a 


+ 


MATTRESS — 
CITY MATTE CO. — Renovating 


PIANO 


reasonable 


AND USED ELECTRIO 


HEATING AND PLUMBING. 


AMERICAN HEATING AND 
PLUMBING Co. 
WE install heating plants that heat, and 
high-grade — We are experts. 
Consultation free. Main 5856. 110 8. For- 
asyth street. 5 


ROOFING AND CARPENTER WORK. 
ROOFING, all kinds repairing, building and 
concrete work. Ivy 7138. J. E. Echols. _ 
PLUMBING. 

ALL Munde plumbing, repair work a special- 

ty. Reasonable rates. Ivy 4977. 
BARGAINS m FURNITURE. 
COAL ranges, cook stoves. gas stoves, etc.. 

t. exch. M. 4208. 224 Peters street. 
SHADE CLEANING. 
FOR shade cleaning call Ivy 4225. Henson 
Hill, 34 Horton Street. 
ROOFING. 
A GUARANTEED roof for $4.75 per eq. The 
roof specia 3528, 


list. Ivy 
SPRINGS AND WINDSHIELD SPECIALIST 


ag En oA Brgy By rts. Atlanta Auto 
22 


wood Ave. L 743. 


MOVED to 223 Paluer Dullding. Ivy 4006. 


20-C Carnegie Way, 2nd Floor, first-class 
steam heated furn. room for gentleman, 
FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED 
ROOMS for rent, furn., unfurn., hot water, 
electricity, 168 Juniper St., near ae 


ary ist. Price $65.00 per 
month. : 


J. H. EWING & SONS 
25 Walton Ivy 1511 


ONE unfurnished room down- 
stairs; kitchenette, sink. 
Hemlock 4418. 


FOR RENT 


school. 
S. B. TURMAN & CO. 
IVY 1860. 


UNFURNISHED APARTMENTS 


FACING Druid Hills and brand-new? corner 

apartment, sun parlor 4 = X — 
very large living room, hy 
bed and * N room, Hechen 12 ast 
room and ba Apartment 5 and 6, Go- 
forth — a and $72.50. See 
janitor or call Ivy 


THE DEERFIELD 


WE have in this beautiful apartment 
building, a first-floor apartment 
7 rooms. Thoroughly modern and 
in A-l 2 — Price $125 per 
month. 


LANE & WATKINS, INC. 
24 WALTON Sr. IVY 4556. 


IMMEDIATE possession, 4 rooms and bath: 
garage in rear; second floor, Apt. 9, 611 
Ponce de Leon avenue. Paying $77.50. Will 
sublet cheaper before Jan. 15th. See janitor. 
IMMEDIATE possession, 4 rooms and bath; 
garage in rear; second floor, Apt. 9. 
Paying $82.50. ‘Will take less on or before 
the 15th, 611 Ponce de Leon avenue. See 
janitor. — 
APARTMENTS of 3, 4, 5 and 6 rooms, in 
most choice residential sections and in 
— owned apartment building. Refer- 
aces raquized, 2 Knox, 1208 Candler 
Building. 
MODERN ‘HEATED SATED APT. 
CALL M. 3408. 


_REAL EST. ATE—Wanted 


9 


WANTED “TEN 
HOMES” 


WE have at least 10 home . 
chasers THAT MEAN BUSI 8. 

By letting us know about the home 

you are offering, WE WILL SHOW 

IT AT ONCE and no doubt effect 

a quick sale Tou can list with us 

without the least obligation. 

TO GAIN AND 

Yow. 


SALMON CO. 


CALL IVY 3067. 


: WH ha have ready buyers for small farm near 


Atlanta. List yours with us. Brotherton 
& 3 250 Arcade bldg. Phone Ivy 


1 Wish to buy a small home, 3 to 5 oe, 
man 11.000 white section. Cannot pay mo 
— due to 2 — — cash — a to 
r ve possession 
nk 3. 2 po * H-563, Constitution. 


Tur. — —— 


— 


— — —— —ꝛ * n 


REAL ESTrATE—s. le, Rent 


LIST your prepe th le t. 
We bat reniie 1G. nue, Goon Baan 


REAL ESTATE—For Sale | 
—ñ̃ nes an ee eens 


MISCELLANEOUS, 


TWO 5-room houses, P. vate St., 000 
each, $150 cash, $25 mon Two — 

for colored, 3 rooms cou Ay 000, $50 cash, 

$15 monthly. Rockmore, 605 Silvey Bidg. 


HOUSES—F or Rent 


BEAUTIFUL newly furnished B-room bun- 
galow, for 2 months, Best north side sec- 
tion, to couple, — 4018. 


UNFURNI! ISHED 


FOR RENT 


EIGHT room house on 

Edgewood Avenue, In- 
man Park section, all mod- 
ern conveniences. $80 per 
month. _ Possession Jan- 
uary 15th. 


ROGERS REALTY & TRUST co. 
Ben Padgett, Mgr. 
50 Marietta St. Ivy 4100 


WILL rent five- room house with *. wood, 

use of big barn, pasture and 50 acres ex- 
tra good land for $50 per mo. On paved 
Stone Mountain highway, car line * rail - 
road. Also 3-room house with same privi- 
leges as above for $30 per quent, 5 will 
rent both for $75 per mo. F. W impy, 
owner, Clarkston. Ga. 


ON St. Charles avenue, splendid 8-room 
house, hardwood floors, furnace heat: all 
conveniences. $80 per month. Ivy 1801. 


ATTRACTIVE 6-room house, corner lot, de- 
sirable neighborhood: best car service: 
furnace. Hemlock 4657. 


BEAUTIFUL six-room duplex, on best 
Gordon St., vacant. 2 b. P. 2 KI. 


FURNISHED OR OR UNFURNISHED 
FOR RENT 


WEST END BUNGALOW 


FURNISHED or unfurnished. 34 

Cascade Place, 5 rooms and 
breakfast room. Early possession. 
Apply on premises today with 
references, 


HOUSES— Wanted 
UNFURNISHED 


HOUSE WANTED 


I WANT to rent « good house 
of 6, 7 or 8 rooms, 


WAREHOUSE SPACE 
FOR RENT 


16,000 SQUARE FEET of warehouse 
space and offices. Railroad track- 

age. A splendid location. 

S. B. TURMAN & CO. 

208-8 TRUST 


il 


VACANT HOUSES for sale like rent. Clark, 
604 Silvey Bund! — 


§-ROOM house, 
$4,500; 9500 ede: don't $40 in * 
interest. 185 rent. Owner, 


A. Graves tty and 


per — 
— rent prop Pop 
12% Wail st. 


NEW BUNGALOW 

SIX nice, large rooms, very N fix- 
tures, mantela etc.; 

level jot. Let us 2 vou 2 this and submit 


your offer, Must 
|DOLVIN & mun De, 


1426 
250117 SIDE BARGAIN—. 8- 
eee nas by 32 near 122 Park, 


wants E. 
lente National Bank Bldg. 1 
BARGAIN —Cicee in, home or investment, 
rooms, 2 8 large lot: all con- 
$90 per month. 
on soning. Phone Ivy 4738. 
ae easy payments, without mort- 
gage. „. D. tie. 207 Trust Co. of 
Georgia Bidg. Ivy 


Bungalow Bargain 
NEW and modern 6 rooms and breakfast 
room, one of the most attractively finished 
little homes 1 West End. Must be sold im- 
mediately and someone will get a bargain. 


DOLVIN & THOMPSON 


IX 8197, 1426 CANDLER BLDG, 


~ 


‘bungalow, located in 


Hard 


n Ee? & THOMPSON|= 

ue CANDLER BLDG. 

100 n. T- R. BUNGALOW? BEST STREET 
IN WEST END. 


OWNER SAYS GET AN 


CO., FORST 1TH BLDG. 


ROOM bungalow, 
eg ~ 5 


— 


f 


: 
: 
: 


i 
gun 
ei j 
141571 
88211 


: 
5 


12 
aes 
: 


make a special price for a 
few days only and on easy 
terms. | 

On Hood street an at- 
tractive s- room house, 
newly painted; can be 
used by two families; now 
rented under thirty-day 
lease. This can be — 
chased for only $3,000 
and on easy terms. 

We have other attrac- 
tive bargains in homes we 
shall be glad to show you. 
If you prefer to build let 
us figure with you. 


Webb Construction 
Company 


809 FORSYTH BLDG, 
2 “Ever sees,.. 5", 


* * 
* 
N “lie 
ahi oT Re Btn : 
1 51 
* 
KR * Py 
222 N „e 
N * art * 


0 
ww 
„ 

Oh 
’ 82 


— a 


, 


9 


NORTH SIDE HOME 
Right Price 


BETWEEN the Peach- 
trees, 8 fine rooms, with 
two extra basement rooms, 
furnace, etc. Easily made 
into duplex if desired. Can 
offer this at $9,000 on rea- 
sonable terms for quick ac- 
tion. Early possession. | 


ROGERS REALTY & TRUST 
Ben Padgett, 
* 50 a fee St. 


cf 

ep. 
2 

Ivy 4100 


BOUL EVARD PARK 


* 7005 3750 “CASH, $50 month buys brand- 

ew 6 rooms and breakfast — fram 
bun —— 3 bedrooms, built-in bath, hami- 
and 2 lavatories. - 


floors, furnace heat, cement basement 
Call JOHN WHITE 
IVY 163 OR 164. 
$7,250 


— 4 — new white coe 
onial bungalow; 5 la rooms 
and 8 driveway, 115 

hard wood. It is a iittie 


. = floore 

Terms on 

$1,000 cash, and near N. — avenue. 

$9, 500 BUYS best and most. attractive 
7-room black brick bungalow, 

on — side. It hag everything in it * a 

could wish for; also cement driveway, 

rage, and near Ponce de Leon and N. 

vard section, Thie le a real bome and strict 

ly ng section, on $1,608 


RALPH B. MARTIN & CO. 


311 ATLANTA TRUST BLDG. Ivy 8138 


BOULEVARD PARK 
NEW brick bungalow, 6 rooms. Most at- 


tractively finished; level lot. You can’t 
— a in the section, Price sie > 


DOLVIN & THOMPSON | 


1426 CANDLER BLDG, | 


"5 ‘GOOD BARGAINS 


NEAR cor. St. Charles and Frederica, &- 
room, 2-story home, steam heat, hardwood 
floors, sun parlor, sleeping porch, concrete 

basement, ete.; lot 350x200. 
L. N mes modern bungalow, 


ANSLEY PARK, on the Prado, attract stew 
8-room modern home, asking $10,000 


— 


want an of fer- 
S. GORDON ST. 

va enn, $6.7 
CHT 


GEORGIA TECH 
NEIGHBORHOOD 


NICE six room bungalow; 
50 foot corner lot, all 
improvements; garage; 
near school, churches and 
stores, with good car serv- 
ice. $3,500, quite reason- 
able terms. A good little 
home at a fair price. 


ROGERS REALTY & TRUST C 


Ben Padgett, Mar. 
50 Marietta St. Ivy 4100 


7 


MYRTLE ST. DUPLEX 


EXCELLENT value, Myrtle street duplex, 

furnace heat, fine corner lot. 16 per cent 
investment. ce $9,000, Easy terms. Iry 
156. Fiat Iron Building. 


J. R. NUTTING & CO. 


| bre new home for you, with all f 
ements, on fine street; north side: 


Arcola hot water heat; no mort > at- 
tractive price; easy terms, like — sed} 
sunk EE ERS PARK ¢ 

ALOWS AND BUILDING Lors. 
PETE 1 
876 E. NORTH ati es 6-room 
low, modern convs,, hardwood 
LIST YOUR PROPE P 
MOORE, £20 HEATLEY BLDG: °2? *- 
VACANT LOTS. 
Park, Hapeville. $026 
yille. ch: 
and $5.50. — month cach. West z 
20-Acre Farm, With Crops 
Im n Horse, 5 Hogs 
TRY; where happiness 


Chas. A. Davis, 423 Trust Co. of Ga. B) 
610 2 ts Park, 8 45 1 
bongs * 5 
garage, eto, Owner. Main 4424. 
Nos. 103, 104, 105 Virginia 
FARM LANDS—For Sele 
„ plenty 4 


"aaa oa 
= ng 


i as 
By — 22 tr A. Sommer, 


tar ome a chea 
11 * 8 pest. Write 


DIRECTORY 
O 


ATLANTA 
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS 


— ae 
a ‘ 85 7 
r < 
1 2 N a 
* * 
4 e 
ati 2 
ie the 
> 
: — 
: 5 TY 
5 % | 
+ 


‘ > re Yea, wee Gd 

5 ad E ek go oe he a tay 
R P 1 

n 1 r 


de WR n 
JJC... d KT 
2 1 . 5 * ; 1 i * 1 ‘ 

N 1 2 8 * 2 — 


5 


John J. Ryan, 28, and his wife, 24 
Who gave their address as 1 
ing held 


— A 7 
an 
: attempt’ Sunday night to hold 
| Mp a man in a room in a local hotel. 

Police said little about what con- 
bdieetion they expect to show een 


a= ' =a 


9 
* 
“ 


(Dr. Griffin— 


Good Dental Work- 
Low Prices— 


These Go Hand in Hand 
at the 


Gate City Dental Rooms 


Bridge Set of 
Crowns Work Good Teeth 


$4.00 $B .00 810 


ö You Can Afford These Low Prices But You | 
Cannot Afford to Neglect Your Teeth. 


EXAMINATION FREE! 
COME NOW—DO NOT DELAY. 


DR. E. G. GRIFFIN, DENTIST 


Phone M. 178 63½ Whitehall St. 


Hours 8 a. m. to 9 p. m. 


« — — * * ate 20. 20g ee 8 — BAN 9 rye . 
N a 2 4 N n 5 1 ; rs a eas re N 1 
RS ie lis: 
5 0 . 
3 a a> 
* We . ene “ee = ar . 
A 4 ane © — N Or 4 
+ «ee OR ee ae ; i el ORES er 
. * . 
uf . * . 
5 * FS Pann 4 5 
0 > 
. 7 . 
* « 2 5 
* 


* 


1 


22 Kt 


Gold 


¢ 


Lady 
Attendant 


1 
* 


LOAN DEPT. „Service Beyond the Contract“ 


HAAS & HOWELL 


FIRST AND SECOND 


Mortgage Loans Negotiated on High- 
Class Improved City Property 


Phone Ivy 4111 Candler Bldg. 


A. B. C. TAXICABS 


NEW CARS NEW SERVICE 
TAXIMETRES 


REDUCED RATES 


%% an on kone vow wine see 

Each Extra Quarter Mile ................10c 

Each Extra Passenger Entire Trip ........25c 
Hand Baggage Free. 


For Hour Rate Apply at Office. 
OFFICE TERMINAL STATION 
Open Day, and Night. 


TELEPHONE ...MAIN 4000 
TELEPHONE ...MAIN 6 


Atlanta Baggage & Cab Company 


4 
. 


, 


-_ 


“COAL---$8.00 per ton Delivered---COAL 
Best quality 4-inch Kentucky Block. Quality and Price 
Guaranteed. Money refunded if not satisfied. 


CONSUMERS FUEL COMPANY 


Atlanta Builders Exchange. 


Phone Ivy 1478 


‘COAL---$8.00 per ton Delivered---COAL 


_ ‘Spratling Is Continually Dyeing 


He makes a specialty of getting out mourning 
orders and Dry Cleaning on short notice. 


Work Promptly Called for and Delivered. 
| — GIVE HIM A TRIAL — 
Mail Orders Given Special Attention Phone Ivy 2340 


Atlanta Steam Dye and Cleaning Works 
88 AUBURN AVE. 


COALE* 2 


1 W. E. CHAMBERS COAL CO. 
ena Yards M. 4060 


Harlan Lump, $8.00 
Harlan Egg, 7.50 


A. — 4 


SYSTEMS 


8 a: 
: ame 
j * = 
| oe See See 
1 * 
. 
ö sey ar 
1 
W 
r 
. 


* 


FEDERAL TAXES 


DAWSON & EIDSON . 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 


REALTY BLD. 0 ATLANTA TRUST BLD. 
MACON ATLANTA | 


— =— — 


N > 


mth : 
N * 
r Rs 
Pome & N 2 
8 5 A 


6 Ry BE SO BR 
ee ae es 2 1 2 PR ei eg 
9 5 0 ae 5 * 5 
7 : 2 4 8 : 


ie 
¥ 


Woodrow Wilson 


Mrs. B. K. Boyd, of 15 Clifford 
street, has a mule by -the name of 
Woodrow Wilson, but the fact that 
the four-legged critter bears the name 
of the United States’ latest war presi- 
dent is not all. Mr. Wilson has been 
notified of it and has given his ap- 


Boyd, takes just one exception to the 
whole procedure and that is stated in 
the sentence in which he says he is 
not a kicker. 

Mrs. Boyd declared Tuesday that 
she is a 100 per cent Wilson demo- 
erat and is planning to give her 
money and help in the Wilson founda- 
tion campaign here. 

The mule, which bears the name of 
the former president, is now at work 
on Mrs. Boyd’s plantation in Cobb 
county. 

Just after naming the mule for 
Mr. Wilson, Mrs. Boyd wrote the 
former president, asking him to send 
her his photograph, and telling him of 
the naming of the mule. 

Mr. Wilson’s reply reads as fol- 
lows: 

“Mr. Dear Mrs. Boyd: 

J enjoyed your letter very much, 
particularly the fine democratic spir- 
it of it, and its generous flavor of 
friendship: 

“The only impropriety I see in 
naming the mule for me is that I am 
not a kicker, but have always prided 
myself in carrying the load without 
giving trouble. : a 

“I am taking pleasure in sending 
you a photograph. 

“With all good wishes for the new 


year, 
“Cordially and sincerely yours, 
(Signed) “WOODROW WILSON.” 


OPTIMISM RULES 
Ar BANK MEETINGS 


Continued from First Page. 


lock, Edgar T. Gentry, Clarence Hav- 
erty, H. C. Bagley, W. E. McCalia, 
J. R. Mobley, Bolling H. Jones, chair- 
man of board; John B. Hockaday, A. 
B. Simms, vice president; W. W. 
Heaton, Waco; A. C. Blalock, Jones- 
boro; E. C. Callaway, Morris Rich, 
Dr. Dunbar Roy, Henry B. . 
vice president; Langdon C. Quinn, R. 
G. Clay, vice president and cashier. 

During the year the Fulton National 
bank enjoyed great prosperity, accord- 
ing to a statement of President Bla- 
lock. ‘The bank moved into its new 
building on Marietta street between 
Broad and Peachtree, on December 19. 
The new building cost approximately 
$250,000, and is one pf the handsom- 
est and best equip banking houses 
in the south. Since moving into the 
new building Dr. Blalock said that 
375 new savings acounts, 137 new 
checking accounts and 2,500 Christ- 
mas club accounts have been added. 
The Fulton National bank officers 
and directors are William J. Bla- 
lock, president; Arthur B. Simms, 
Henry B. Kennedy and Ronald Kan- 
som, vice presidents; Ryburn G. 
Clay, cashier; Garnett C. Evans, Jo- 
seph M. Selman, Frank W. Blalock 
and Jones H. 1 Jr., assistant 
cashiers; Bolling H. Jones, chairman, 
and Hoke Smith, W. H. Brittain, W. 
F. Patillo, W. J. Blalock; Edgar 
T. Gentry, Clarence Haverty, H. C. 
Bagley, W. E. McUalla, J. R. Mobley, 
John B. Hockaday. A. B. Simms, W. 
W. Heaton, A. C. Blalock, E. C. Cal- 
la way, Morris Rich, Dr. Dunbar Roy. 
Mr. Kennedy and Langdon C. Quin, 
directors. 


Lo Bank. . 

According to B. Warner Martin, 
president of the Lowry National bank, 
the institution declared a 5120.000 
dividend for the year 1921, which is 
12 per cent on the capital stock. 
The Lowry National bank’s officers 
and directors, who were all re-elected 
Tuesday, are H. Warner Martin, 
president; Henry W. Davis, J. H. 
Nunnally, John M. Ross and Everett 
A. Bancker, vice president; E. W. 
Ramspeck, cashier; H. H. Johnson, 
O. C. Bradford, Jr., E. A. Fowter, 
R. C. Henderson, Miss Jay Spencer 
Knapp. Fred McSwain and G. P. Sas- 
ser, assistant cashiers; J. R. Radford, 
Jr., auditor; C. E. Allen, manager of 
credits; Thomas J. Avery, Mell R. 
Wilkinson, John E. Murphy, J. H. 
Nunnally, Frederic J. Paxon, -E 
McBurney, Henry W. Davis, Thomas 
K. Glenn, Wilmer L. Moore, Frank M. 
Inman, Charles T. Nunnally, Frank 
Adair, W. R. Prescott, Mr. Martin, 
J. H. Porter, R. W. Woodruff, Wil- 
liam Candler, R. E. Hightower, John 
E. Talmadge, Jr., and William G. 
Smith, directors. 

Old officers and members of the 
board of directors of the Atlanta Na- 
tional bank were returned by the ac- 
tion of the stockholders, with the ad- 
dition of P. M. Smoak, assistant cash- 
ier, to the working force of the bank. 

Atlanta National. 

Dividends declared for past year 
by the board of directors of the At- 
lanta National bank were $160,000, 
— to Robert F. Maddox, presi- 

ent. 

Officers and directors of the Atlanta 
National bank, re-elected Tuesday, are 
Robert F. Maddox, president; James 
S. Floyd, George R. Doncvan and 
Thomas J. Peeples, vice presidents; J. 
S. Kennedy, cashier;*D. C. DeSaus- 
sure, R. B. Cunningham, James F. 
Alexander, Leo Stillman and A. N. 
Anderson, assistant cashiers; W. L. 
Peel, Mr, Maddox, Albert E. Thorn- 
ton, E. H. Inman, J. J. pone = Alfred 
Austell, 8. C. Dobbs, James L. Dick- 
ey, Mr. Floyd, Mr. Donovan, J. T. Hol- 
leman, L. B. Parks, J. Epps Brown, 
Dr. W. 8. Elkin, William J. Davis, 
H. R. Durand and 8. I. Tupper, di- 


this meeting the annual report of 
the cashier was read. During 1921 a 
total dividend of $80,000 was 


125 


Is Name Given 


1 
wa — 
2 P 
* 
st 2 
13 
* . 
93 
mT 
. 
9 @ 4 . 4 4 — 
. 1 


ae. 


2 : 8 g . ‘ * N 
Tuesday the N 
the Fourth 
Directors 


be 
0 
Bs 


: 


E 
4 


17 


ELLE 


* 
a 


ro 
15 


71 
0 


eent 


2 per cent 
—— 


the year, amount 
ch ‘totaled’ $168,000 for | tb 


the entire year. baka : 
Aside from the promotion of Robert 

S. Strickland .to vice’ president. no 

other changes were made in the execu- 


again was electea 
f board; Johh K. 
Ottley, president; Charles I. Ryan, 
vice president; James D. inson, 
vice president: Hatton B. Rogers, vice 
president; William T. Perkerson, vice 
president and trust officer; Robert 8. 
Strickland, vice president; Stewart 
McGinty, vice 3 Frank M. 
, cashier; Julian Clayton, assist- 
ant cashier; T. W. Townsend, assist- 
ant cashier; Edward H. Daly. assist- 
ant cashier; Henry B. Longino, as- 
sistant cashier; Samuel J. Fuller, 
auditor. 

The. directors of the Fourth, as re- 
elected, follow: Captain James W. 
English, chairman; Edward C. Peters, 
Charles A. Wickersham, W. T. Gen- 
try, David Woodward, John K. Ottley, 
James D. Robinson. L. W. Robert, 
Charles I. Ryan, Harry L. English, 
J. R. Hopkins, D. N. McCullough, 
Harry P. Hermance, Cator Woolford, 
Thomas P. Hinman, Robert N. Hughs, 
Lee Asheraft. Thomas H. Daniel, Ed- 
win F. Johnson, Isaac Schoen, Wil- 
liam T. Perkerson, Hatton B. Kogers. 


Meetings of Wednesday. 


The annual meeting of the stock- 
holders of the Atlanta Trust company 
will be held this afternoon, as will be 
that of the Atlanta Commercial bank. 

Institutions other than national and 
state banks and trust companies are 
scheduled to meet as follows: 

American Savin bank, Monday 
night; Atlanta Savings bank, January 
17; Bank of East Point, in May; 
Colonial Trust company, in February; 
Decatur Bank and Trust company, in 
November; East Atlanta bank, in 
March; Farmers and Traders“ bank, 
in September; Georgia Savings and 
Trust company, in September; Lake- 
wood bank,, January 12; Citizens and 
Southern bank, in June. 

Declaring of a semi-annual 3 per 
cent dividend, bringing the total of 
dividends for the past year to $2.500, 
the directors of the Bank of West 
End, located at Lee and Gordon 
streets, held their first 1922 meeting 
Tuesday. : 

Officers were re-elected as follows: 
W. S. Witham, Jr., president; B. C. 
Trouton and R. I. Barge, vice presi- 
dents, and Harry T. Kilpatrick, cash- 
ier. Directors are Roy Dorsey, J. W. 
Simmons, George W. Anderson and 


the officers. , 
Gets Promotion. ) 
Howard S. McNair, who recently 
tendered his resignation as vice presi- 
dent and manager of the bond depart- 
ment of the Citizens and Southern 
bank, will be succeeded by Howard 
. Cook, it was announced Tuesday 
W. V. Crowley, cashier of the 

bank. 

Mr. McNair offered his resignation 
séveral weeks ago, leaving the institu- 


Peacock Cafe 


Entrance 10 Edgewood 
Special — for Today 


Served from 11 a. m. to 3 p. m. 


Vegetable Soup or 
Half Grape Fruit 


Roast Lamb or 
Roast Pork, Apple Sauce 


Macaroni and Cheese 
Stringless Beans 


Hot Muffins and Bread 
Red Cherry Cobbler 


Choice of Drinks 


Our 50, 60 and 80c Suppers 
served from 5 te 9 p. 9s One-half 
Fried Chicken always served with 
our 80c Supper if so desired. 


Hartwell Hotel Ready 
To Be Leased 


The undersigned invites correspondence or 
pergonal interviews with any first-class per- 
eae * — 1 in leasing an 

modern tel, an 
n the hotel. sa ee fi 

otel is a three-story brick-and-tile 
building, constructed in the most modern 

has. forty-five bedrooms, all with 
baths and connecting baths—steam heat, ele- 
vator, electric lights, telephone system, etc, 
The ground floor is of tile and the two up- 
per stories have hardwood floors. Every 
convenience ible has been considered. 


Will lease for a number of years, either 
the month or on a percentage basis, and 
will be glad to receive offers either Mt 


A. N. . 
President Hartwell Hotel Co. 
„ Hartwell, Ga. 


BANKRUPT SALE 


ance of an order of Honorable 


of said Re 
Mutual Building, Athens, Georgia, ou Ja 
arr 1 922. at 12 o'clock noon, all of the 


pa general 
of the inventoried value of $11,054.51, fix- 
tures of the inventoried valne of %3,974, and 
notes of the face valué of $9,638.38, and 
— L* of the face value of $38,- 


.86. 

For copies of inventories or further in- 

‘formation, call on said Referee, or the um 

dersigned ee. All ales to be for cash 

and subject to confirmation of the Referee. 
NOEL P. PARK, 2 


(le FN Se 
, _ 
+ 


3 
5 . 


es —John B. 
port Par amor ga 


ss . 3 22 o * 58 1 4 * — x es i 
1 a = xa a ; 85 Bs, 2 5 ; : F 
. 8 * 53 eee 5 3 * * 2 ? ‘uta oil : 5 4 
P, we Sen .. . S eee ae, Oa Se. es 3” 
8 ‘ a | r * * — * ; * 1 2 2 * — 
¢ * 4 : i = | 8 4 D 
Tare - 2 1 


automo- eial)— This week Dublin's newest in- 


2 i the 
was the recipient of a similar sen- 


‘| JOHN . LEWIS 


DIES IN HAWKNSVLLE 


Hawkinsville, January 10.— 
oe Lewis, county 


this town 50 years He went into 


since. He had any 

a deacon in the Baptist church, and 
was considered the friend and adviser 
of all in need. 

He lea ves a widow and four daugh- 
ters: Mrs. Thomas Peters, of Dublin; 
Mrs. P. K. Ridley and Mrs. Sadie 
Seales, of Hawkinsville, and Mrs. 
Layton, of Atlanta, besides grand- 
children and one great-grandchild. 


REMSEN P. KING 
ELECTROCUTED 


Continued from First Page. 


war against Germany in 1917, Mr. 
King entered the first officers’ train- 
ing camp at Fort McPherson and serv- 
ed in America and overseas with the 
320th field artillery, a part of the 82nd 
division, Atlanta’s own. He saw 
service on the battle front in France 
for one year and was discharged from 
the army as a captain. 

Leaving the army, he was connect- 
ed with the National City company 
for one year, and then entered the 
service of the local branch of the Im- 
brie company. When that company 
failed, he was named receiver for r- 
gia. At the time of his death, he was 
with Palmer Blackburn in the King- 
Blackburn company, and was engaged 
in the general stock and bond business 
and local underwritings. 

Practiced Law Here. 


Prior to the world war, Mr. King 
practiced law here. At the time of 
his death he was 33 years old. 

Mr. King was prominent in club 
circles and numbered friends by the 
hundreds in all classes, 

Funeral arrangements will be an- 
nounced later by H. M. Patterson & 
Son. It is understood that the funeral 
will take place Thursday. 

He is survived by his mother, Mrs. 
Porter King, and one sister, Mrs. Wil- 
lis Ragan, both of Atlanta. 


POSTHUMOUS HONORS 
FOR MARQUIS OKUMA 


Tokio. Janyary 10.—(By the Asso- 
ciated Press.) Marquis Okuma, who 
died early today, has been. given 
posthumous honors by Emperor 
Yoshihito, He is given court rank, 
junior grade, and is. decorated with 
the grand.cordon of chrysanthemum, 
with collar, in recognition of his serv- 
feces for the state. ä 


1818124 
nenen 


A 
1 


afford an unlimited range 
of color and decorative treat- 
ment. 


The greatest variety of artistic 
effects is possible in their use, 
and the owner's tastes. and 
wishes may be met completely. 


Ask for booklet about Tiles for 
fireplaces, halls, porches, and 
other parts of the house. Con- 
sult us about any kind of Tile 
Work. 


CARMICHAEL TILE CO. 


| Ivy 1010 Hurt Building 
HTT 


Mr. Lewis was one of Hawkins-} 
ville's oldest citizens, having come to 


sry ADAIR REALTY & TRUST CO. 


Call Ivy 1268 | 
CITY COAL CO. 
For the Best 


Red Ash at $7.60 Ton 


| 


| 


1 


ec ᷑¶ Z— 


~~ 
— 
* 


— 


TODAY'S TIDBIT. 
you are down shop- 
ping today arrange to meet 
some friend here for 
Luncheon, You will enjoy the 
restful atmosphere of the Tea 
Room and the deliciousness of 
the food. Or if you are just down 
for the afternoon a chatty half 
hour over a cup of tea will re- 
fresh you. 
: HE Tea Room's 75c Lunch for 
today is: Roast Younes, 
Suckling Pig. You know how 


we cook it. 
Lu 11:30 to 2:00 


a creamery and a modern elevator 
an dmills system in Dublin and more 
than a score of local buyers of coun- 
try produce and poultry, Laurens 


e 
‘ne + te 
. ik f 


a 

of 
„ J. J. Blackwell this (Wednes- 
day) afternoon, at 2 o'clock, from 
church 


Mason church, Interment in 
— Harry G. Poole, funeral di- 
rector. 


county farmers have several new ave- 
nues through which to market their 
products, which have not been afford- 
ed them in previous years. 

The result promises to be excep- 
tionally fruitful and there isn’t so 
much worry about crop conditions 
and cotton prices this year as was 
noticeable in the inception of 1921. 


Tea 3:30 to 5:00 


THE DAFFODIL 


111 N. PRYOR ST. 


Services at Jonesboro. 


Mrs, George W. McClai 
Mrs. 


COLLECTIONS AND GREDITS| ™ 


church. 
Harry G. Poole, funeral director. 


M’CLAIN—The friends ot Mr. and 
Mr. and 
W. A. McKinney, Mr. ; 


r. G. E 
W. H 

Me- 
Clain tomorrow (Thursday) morn- 
ing, at 11 o’clock 


Interment in churchyard, 


The body of Mrs. Mattie Lawrence, 
widow of the late J. F. Lawrence, 
who died Sunday evening at the home 
of her daughter, Mrs. J. P. Awtry, 
64 Crew street, was taken Tuesday at 
noon to Jonesboro, Ga., her former 
home, for services and burial. 


tonigh 6:45 and 
Write or phone Hemlock 4887 for bull 
GEORGIA SCHOOL OF TECH. 


READY-MADE CLOTHES 
COST MORE NOW 
| 1 » Let every man 


‘MORTUARY look at our fine 
* woolens 
Infant s Death. 


JOHNSON—Died, at the residence, 
278 West Peachtree street, Tuesd 
afternoon, January 10, 1922, 
Josephine Black Johnson, She is 
survived by one daughter, Mrs. Nor- 
an C. Miller, and two sons, Mr, 
. R. Johnson, of Americus, Ga., and 
Mr. Joseph Johnson, of Lakeland, 
Fla, The remains will be taken to 


Americus, Ga., via Central of Geor- 


gia railroad, this (Wednesday) 
morning at 7:50 o'clock, by H. M. 
Patterson & Son, for funeral serv- 
ices and interment, 


for Suits 

The infant son of Mr. and Mrs. made to 
Clyde Long died: Monday at the home, order at 
58 Bonnie Brae avenue. Awtry & 


Lowndes had charge of arrangements. 8 3 5 
a 


Calvin Tyre. 
VISIT A REAL 


; 1 — January 3 ‘ 2 

cial. alvin re, member of the AILO HOP 
prominent Tyre iy of middle T RS 
Georgia, and a pioneer of this section 
of the state, died at his home near 
here late Sunday afternoon, after a 
brief illness. The decenged was a 
Mason and confederate veteran. 


HARRIS—The friends and relatives 8 


of Mrs. Clem R. Harris, Mr. and Mrs, 
Henry Johnson, Dr, and Mrs. Joseph 
D. Osborne and Mr. James O. Harris 
are invited to attend the funeral 
services of Mrs, Clem R. Harris, at 


the residence, 765 Peachtree street. ¢ 


this Saber afternoon, Janu- 
ary 11, 1922, at 2:30, o'clock, Rev. 
R. O. Flinn will officiate. Interment 
will be in Oakland ¢emetery. The 


| following gentlemen will please act 
at ‘the » 


as pallbearers and meet 
chapel of H. M. Patterson & Son at @ 
2 o'clock: Mr. Frank Inman, Mr. 
John A, Hynds, Mr. Jackson Dick, 
Mr. Sam Dick, Mr. James R. Gray, 
Mr. Inman Gray, Mr, Edwin A. Smith 
and Mr. John Groves. 


DRUID HILLS BUNGALOW 


A brick bungalow with tile roof, has 7 rooms and bath; there are 
3 bedrooms, one having individual lavatory; has hardwood floors, papered 


Card of Thanks. 


We wish to extend our heartfelt thanke 
vy friends for their kindness and 


my dear husband, MRS, RALPH ECHOLS 
AND M 


OTHER. 


walls, steam heat, Garage and servant’s room on premises; also laundry, 
cement drive, front lawn improved with shrubbery; lot 100 ft. wide, 
facing east on one of the principal drives, close to the car line, This 
is one of the best small homes that money can buy. Price $15,000; 
reasonable terms, 


E. A. MORGAN’ 


There's economy tn a few steps around the corner 


Our Salesmen’s | 


/ 


Brief Gases 


FOR GOOD COAL: 
And Service Call 
J. B. MORGAN 


Main 5993 
Corner E. Hunter and Fraser Sts. 


Are Greatly Reduced 


These are of genuine cowhide, hand-sewed and 
made in two, three or four compartments, 
They are real bargains at 

$7.50 and up 


FOOTE & DAVIES COMPANY? . 


“The Business Man's Department Store ee 
“Five Seconds From Five Points” 


FOR RENT 
Arcade Entrance Shop 


Shop now occupied by Vannie Tilden Bakery, facing Broad 
street, and interior of Arcade, available at once. Attractive dis- 
play windows on both fronts. 


Inside Arcade shop available to high-class tenant at $120.00, 
Advertising window alone worth rent asked. 
Occasional office or display room to right-class tenant. 


PEACHTREE ARCADE--ROOM 200 


FOR SALE 


Flat newsprint paper suitable for 
small publishers and job printers. 


| THAT THE MOUTH AND 


TEETH REQUIRE MORE 
_ PERSONAL ATTENTION 


Dentists have 


. 49-50-51-52-68, 
stank, Oglesby Jr., 
4-1, 0 notes „ and 

some cents, all dated em tg 


May 26, 1921, and 
due twel 
8 After date,’ 7 . . 


issued in 
and en- 
in 

Also 


p. O. Box 1731, Atlanta, Ga. 


————— 


SUCCESSORS iN OUTHEASTER 
CROCKETT.COUCHMAN & CRA » C. 2 


ACCOUNTANTS, AUDITORS, TAX ADVISORS, SYSTEM SPECIALISTS 


. 


ATLANTA NATIONAL BANK BLDG. TELEPHONE IVY 5545 


4. 


—_ 


leb SON 


IONXZO RICH 


f 


2177275 


11 


2 


i 


2 
. 


ye 


18 
1 


7 
; 


AN. UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY 


Who can invest in an exclusive 


for return of Ford roadster taken 
Sa . Jan 7 ‘ or 


from Clifton « 


