— EwEnArER 


ORK N DEF ENSE 


+ 3 Pe * 
7 ns n . * 2 
4 %% ͤͤ IY OF Oy oa eds 
Wa 92 * 8 7 7 ‘ . 1 
r NI Ee, N 4 1 1 ‘ 
5 3 > a) ag 2 “, 4 * 1 
Ry 2 ~ EA ay) 2 * iy 15 * 4 ö * — 
e n . Re MG oe ini aly ²˙ Seth eon J 
APS 4 - . 5 2M car. 1 
n . Ri ö 2 57 * 
“ . 0 


5 * * * * „„ * ; x 


ö Vote by eon on Watkins 8 Plan Ureed! 
q LOCAL BODIES. rer. “Gray Ouercoat Bandit in Cell of Fulton Tower 


Too Cold in London 


WILL ADK GUUNGLL And Great Crowd That Witnessed His Arrival ow sane seg 


down from his own chilly country for 


a brief visit to London, is going back . we , ö 9 | 
0 CALL ELECTION bome Thursday—to get warm. nnn ii; ums EC Re met | Attempt Made to Pros 
l . —... oS. Slayer Insane. a 


height of the cold season. He wore a3 


heavy overcoats and warm clothing, . zt ) 5 : | f 4 | 3 n Kc UR RC os RS < is 
Organizations Do Not! but the dampness penetrated just the H e 1 4 et <2" s FF SOLICITOR WILL ASK . 

same. : : ; 5 4 „ 8 . 8 . ee * = * 1 8 3 a se os 8 = 8 88 : 8 
Pledge Support, But Are the name of my country 1. : . ieee oe oe r oe ee ß ᷣ y . FOR DEATH PEN ALTY, a 


in Favor of Vote as a misnomer,” he, protested shivering. “I 
have to wear just as heavy an over- 


Democratic Principle. coat here as I do back home. Up in 
Reikjavik it is 10 degrees warmer 
than in London. It makes me too 


’ OPPONENTS ASSAILED | “tilly here, #0 I'm glad to go back.” 
Frank B. Dupre, 19-year-old bande 


BY EDGAR WATKINS HIICHES CHINESE : 1 * 2 * 8 
Politicians Already Or- ‘ ! „% „ JJ ae ye. ee | self-confessed, lodged in the Towen 
2 4 | 5 $ a % a | 3 8 s ee se eek e ae ay oe . 8 ee iy : Ss of Fulton county -to face within the a 
ganized to Defeat Char- PI AN WINS: FOURTH : 1 Be 8 8 8 — ee 5 3 : „5 ST | next ten days the charge of the mur- 
i 7 : | ; ee, a8 e , N BS: ey ek 88 der of Irby C. Walker, Pinkerton de- 


ter Containing Real Re- i ; | : ae | 3 1 * a 
8 N ö 7 : * 0 8 2 i 5 — 9 85 * ee tective, after his spectacular raid on 


e 2» 99 4 : Fi : 1 85 25 = a | ‘ ae 1 

form Provisions. 5 — : „ 5 a * | f Pe ee | Nat Kaiser’s jewelry store on Decem- 2 
: „ ei 5 4 „„ Ae! 5 n N ae „ ber 15, yesterday began to assemble | 

; 1 5 ee 3 3 5 ese forces with which he will combat 


After hearing Councilman Edgar : —— 885 ? 3 : 5 8 : Bass: 3 ; 

; . a sade — — 2 1 ee VVV ES : 6 5 the announced determination of So- 
watkine — main in dan a at 5 1 5 1 3 if : i 8 a 8 lloeitor-General John A. Boykin to see 
lanta plan charter of which he is a 4 ; 7 ö ae 888 ; a. on a * R dat 8 h h h = 
author, the co-operative charter com- American Delegation Sees 5 5 5 | “= Bees aS : sae — So 25 that he meets the extreme penalty of = 

’ Ae ; ‘ 5 } f es 5 3 * ä * gor Se sa i. ee | the law, which is death on the gal- 
mittee, representative of twenty-one Great Step Forward in ; ee ee 2 8 A . sa 5 8 88 n lows. From early indications aéter 
local bodies, voted unanimously at a : : | e ji \ 2 * . 1 a „„ preliminary conferences between Da- 
meeting held at the Piedmont hotel Adoption of Pr oposal on 4 3 o i N „ 1 3 — a te vie — 3 pre and fi counsel, it was pf 
Wednesday night, to urge that city China. | , | N . i eo a RRS = se ae es BES ; re that the defense will not be a plea of 
council submit the Atlanta plan un- insanity, On the other hand * 
erg 3 Paps } 4 8 ; . familiar with the technique of murder 

‘ 3 i 1 N trials declare that D i 
clared that as @ demoeratie principle | AMENDMENT OFFERED | (77 ee E F 
the people have a right to pass on the a a . N f „ ‘ 
plan as proposed by its author, and it BY BARON SHIDEHARA ani RRB 3 415 | „ At the left is Frank B. DuP re, self-cOnfessed “vray overcoat”’ bandit, in his cell at the Fulton „ . ** 
4 5 county tower, where he was lodged immediat ely upon his return to Atlanta Wednesday, hand-“ yo. eee 


was understood in adopting the mo- 
tion, that the individuals and organi- cuffed to City Detective Sturdivant and Pinker ton Detective Fenn. At right is a part of the] geln recovered trom the aba 


ations did not pledge indorsement to Amplified Doctrine Is . | 5 | oy great throng that gathered at the Union depot Hern, at noon, to see the notorious killer. | richt that had seized him when he 
} << ; strong guard of policemen is seen about the High-powered car of the local police department, | was brought back to Atlanta from’ 


the charter, but were left free to sup- d : . : 5 
: opted With Ease. , ) , = 2 | 
port it or oppose it, although ma- Adop 5 f b faa ae Which was extricated from the crowd of curious spectators with great difficultye- Chief of | petroit, shortly after noon. A trace J 


‘ 2 + > : . 12 
jority sentiment was outspoken in fa-¶ Little Debate on Hughes , | ae, Police Beavers is shown on the left of the car. of color had returned to his cheeks. 
vor of Mr. Watkins’ charter. Article F : 1 i — . 4 ; n He was able to walk without assis: 

The councilman appeared before the c our 8 | 4 ; ne tgs TU Ess se „ 6 tance. The flow of language that 
composite group at its invitation. Hef —— 5 N 5 , 1 ene N PLANN I N G bE SIRES . Ii marked him from the minute = 


wailing wih Ua eat wae | ee . Fam TO. ATTEND GENOA |QLUAUIANO-0 e 
| ECONOMIC MEETING| ’ 


planation of its provisions section by mR | 
section, and then answered numerous “runnin, dna Japanese, and, Anal- 5 5 14 Realizes Desperate Situation. 
questions about various specific | , British opposition to article four , | Riga, January 18—(By the Asso- etna thas tubes tee Cane 
points. of the Hughes “open-door” doctrine| we } | g: ciated. Prem) Premier Lenine will situation that confronts him, but was 
Attacks Charter Opponents. _ | for Ohina, has resulted in the quiet] ö | A réoresiat e et the coming 1 — heartened to face it after N 
Two or three times he diverted his | goath of that article. 5 | ff } . | Tae eee | conferences with his father, Fraun 
see gm cy un krerl 1 With artiele four went the fears 1 | — | 5 State Historian SendS}| dition that the various governments Upshaw and Brand Throw eee sos 2 a — 
opponents ar Cal France, as weil as some ff 5 ‘ * | . : > 
at revision of the * govern- — en of a United States and ä $100 to Foundati on ian meade rao air he a Bombs in New York celebre, and his Atlanta lawyers. 
ment. China, that concessions previously 3 . Fund—Success Greeting to guard him safely during his absence Camp in Anti-Lynching Ms 1 0 3 N 3 
A . , 


The politicians are already organ- | granted‘ to the powers in China might a h g ' eer 
be fo 1 Drive All Over Country. ann ofbeia aden kann Niesen f. Bill Consideration. will conduct the defense, gave a hint 


ized to prevent the adoption of a | pe opened up for review before the D | * Kill Ch d 
charter that will contain any real pro- board of reference, which is to be es- E 8 P era te I er ange day, received here by Latvian author- as to what the line of defense would 
+ _* 9 * . ‘ 4 8 . i . 92 * be. 
carseat Mages tng ‘es : aan te Been sana 2 2 8 = the Badly Frightened When Great Crowd Surges Around Car. With a glowing tribute to Ex-Presi- | ities. Constitution Bureau. Apis boy has a good face, an ne 
| a f f eeed- dent Woodrow Wilson, Lucian Lamar Raleigh Hotel. 0 e 9 
8 ’ telligent face,” said Mr. Allen. 
— oe ee aon ae 2 ings would hav . endangered certain B F ear Into Hu n M Knight, state historian, donated $100 Washington, January 18.—(By Con- — een Bn. 2 
n are going around now telling | French concessions in the Orient, and y ma ouse Wednesday toward completing Atlan- stitution Leased Wire.)—Two Georgia ae 
the city employees that they will lose | would also have affected a fair-sized A e . ed criminal. I was very much im- 
ta’s quota of $14,500 in the cam- congressmen he e cente pressed not only with his appearances, 


their jobs if the new charter is block of the famous 21 demands” . = 
5 paign for the $1,000,000 Wodrow Wil- stage in the house today when ther put with his realization of just what 
passed. jealously guarded by Japan. BY FUZZY Weben fright having driven every drop of red son fund, which is being raised in Pl AN DISCUSSED tripped up two New York representa-| dition hie thou vais,’ aan q 


8 -iane 
* 


Early Trial Promised byỹ 
Boykin — Great Crowd 
Gathers at Union Station 

| to See DuPre Arrive. 


OOOO LO I 


; 
» 
2 
5 


ese a 


Se ee a a nn an ae — ** 
* PPP soso 
oud = 


— ON 


Mr. Watkins asserted that the im-] The passing was quiet because it] A pale, timorous, mouse-like sort] blood from him, with terror having , 
possibility of this occurring was one | was marked by little debate, and en- of a man was lifted off a train at the seized and palsied his frame, witht er N r tae en States, e ob n unwise associations and his inex pe- 
of the thing’ his charter included. | joyed the full acquiescence of the union station yesterday at noon. His horror, perhaps of his own deed, per- Contributions made in Atlanta Wed- Indeo Charles’ H Brand, “ol rience, have led him. He is naturally, 
“The present employees are presump- | American delegation, members of beady, shifting, little eyes turned] haps of the awful noose that threat- sige Ae acer pt $300, of yep ö -a * W. 5 Une —4 At- all unstrung now. We will have @ 
tively fitted to fill the positions they | which declared later the article wasn’t | away from the thousands that were] ens to encircle his stringy throat and — than $ was reeeived at — l . 3 ra a it 5 n saving that further conference tomorrow when we 
occupy or they wouldn't be there,” he | vital, anyhow. Aside from this ar- seeking to stare into them. They choke out the last vestige of life left e e ao — * are We Explanation Given at they (mr care of the Georgia end of | n 3 . Fe e * — 1 

id, ift 46 3 8 i i i i in. ’ . case and then it is likely that we WI 
said, “and the charter qualifies them ticle, the “open-door” resolution, as] sought the Whitehall. street viaduct | him, having benumbed his brain. If Good Roads Congress of the nn 2 TT 


He stated that he didn’t believe there | carried in these dispatches Tuesday, where hundreds of people with necks] ever shadow of man and boy appeared in charge. Seigel, of New York, was arguing 


, 1 8 5 f , ree “While a student at Princeton,” : f we 
is any student of city government who ; was unanimously adopted, China vot-j| craned were watching him being hoist- in the life, it was the thing of flesh wrote Mr. Knight, “I eat at the feet Wisconsin's Pro gram, that a federal jury would be more apt | ~ 


thinks that subordinate employees ing “yes” with the other eight pow- ed into an automobile. The glance that answered to the name of Frank ; i ; dict than a local 
aa ment he wretected by come kind | (xe inesived. was only momentary. Then the eren DePre that was led tottering to prison of this great scholar and thinker, and Modeled After Georgia A 52 bone ew they 71 8. 
of civil service plan, and all employ- Much Accomplished. sought their accustomed level, ‘which | Wednesday at midday. I deem it a privilege to enroll _ Proposal. a would be men from the same * 

ment of subordinate help, should his In effecting the revised and broad- is downward. | Bandit Fears the Worst. re hence sata gets: phn . section and dominated by the same CLOUDY. 

‘yi] | ened version of the H i oteasi und, creation of such a gift, to 3 

r l FCCTCTCCCTCTCb b ances amd seyagese [PSE aibnctiar tag gphoe y “ceama BY BESSIE KEMPTON, veneral ideals. Seigel declared that 


. A ‘hina, : : a 1 ) f went 
service regulations. China, the American delegation be- had taken in and visualized.a scene gave DuPre a roaring welcome. As ieee Waka Constitution Staff Correspondent. in the Williams case it was necessary S * 


Functions. lieves it has accomplished “one of the | at that very spot just one month and the train pulled into the union station f 
Separates y spot j an act of homage without a precedent | @hicago, III., January 18.—(Spe-| to have a change of venue, whereupon ; Sores Bae ~ 


atest steps in history” to gain fair } shed, the bandit must have.seen that : 
Coupcilman | Watkine stated dat af . — wt: three days before, alindet to. the hour | shed, ' or a parallel. It stands unique among |.cial.)—The problems of financing Upshaw replied that Williams was and colder. 


cistinguishing characteristic of the | Play for China from the other powers and minute, when the throng of people tremendous throng gathered outside , tried d convicted in the count — 
the tributes which men to state highway departments, which now an avie ° 7 
e utes whi en have paid ghway here the crime was committed Local Weather Report. 


Atlanta plan is that it separates the | and in China among the other powers. | of that viaduct had been in panic, | to glimpse him. He feared the worst e 
administrative and legislative fune- The new, or rather, the amplified | dashing in terror to get out of the path| and turned white—a.sickly sort of j Freatness. But the man himself is | confronts. the Georgia highway nk Representative Hamilton Fish, Jr., Highest temperature 
tions. He was questioned at length | doctrine, was adopted with compara-| of blood that followed in the wake white that is the very counterfeit of unique among the men of his times. | mission, was the subject of: Ge 1 Ilona an from Lewest temnera ture 

8 Nature made but one such man and | nesday afternoon session of the Ameri- the millionaire congressm Mean temperature 
about the powers and duties of the | tive ease, considering the magnitude | of a man-killer. A gay throng of death itself. hg Roads nd nations} Gotham, shot a hot charge at Georgia’s| Normal temperature 
proposed administrative chief. The of its import. Baron Shidehara, on | holiday shoppers had been transformed Very probably DuPre could not fig- broke the die in molding Woodrow | can N * a K* * 8 lynching record, whereupon Upshaw | Rainfall in past 24 hours, inches 
councilman invited their special atten- | behalf of the Japanese delegation, | in the lengtf of time it takes a pistol | ure out in his own mind any good rea- Wilson.” Mr. Knight’s contribution | good roads, now 8 = replied that the editorial just read Deficiency since 1st of month, ins. 


tion to the fact that he had vested the | opened the session of the Far Eastern | shot to bark into a horror-stricken | son for that crowd assembling there] was the largest received ‘by the local ee sical tens highway engineer | from The New York Tribune on the OEE BOSE Ai 
authority to appoint the city control- committee r inquiry | horde that had come face to face with] unless it was to take vengeance on campaign organization Wednesday, ac- ta N R. C. Neely, of Waynes comparative lynching records of New 
as to how the board erence, set | death and desperation. him for his deed. He undoubtedly erding to Mrs. F. T. Stevens, head of | „member of the highway board; | York and Georgia was utterly unfair 


ler in the hands of the mayor instead up in article three, was to be consti- 
of the administrative chief. tuted. He pointed out the difficulties; And it was that same pale, timo- remembered that deed more vividly Paul H. Etheridge, Fulton county on à basis bf population, “for,” said 
He gave as his reason that since | in selecting representatives of the na- rous, mousetike man that had per- | than did the crowd. Crowds are prone Donations Received. ‘esioner'and member of the new. Upshaw, “Georgia has had a thousand- 


, tions to serve on the board in China | gormed that transf ti to forget such thi Anyh th Other features of the drive Wednes- 

the controller is the financial agent tes orm at transformation. orget su ings. Anyhow, were : : fold eater provocation than New 

handling all the funds of the mu- — 1 — — — — — Killers Fangs Drawn. | was not one single hint at hostility dy was the active participation ot e ly-organized Georgia Good Roads as York. Er My state has never fafled to 
But what a transformation in be in the reception accorded the bandit, | American Legion. ; ‘ go after lynchings. We understand 


nicipality, he should be entirely free when sessions of the 2 2 keep g ; ‘ 8 
of any possible influence which the | them a long 1 from ho man in the 34 days that had inter-| The people simply wanted to feed their | Receipt of $10 by The Constitution : the situation far better than strangers | A 
administrative chief might have over Ambassador Geddes replied that he „ened! The killer's fangs bad been curiosity by viewing him, and having from a California man, who is] i and we are legally doing our best.“ 


er, <P ae dian ak tas & Gabean ©. drawn by the law and all that was left viewed him, departed more or wa a Confederate veteran, and a former Just here Judge Brand threw a 


tisfied. | 
— was a fear-torn, sheet - white, nerve- he crowd though showed vastly Atlantan. bomb into the New Tork camp by giv- 
wracked body covered by a gray over- more — ia 21 him than At- |. —" of — — x wes Mr ing the Startling piece of history that 
; 13 coat, a bent head, covered by a gray lanta crowds displayed in gazing on SE 5 ; the first lynching ever occurred in 
Stone Mountain, Last of a Chain caps feet. faltering. with fright, and | ihe chef magistrate of che nation and | istrict, of which Atlanta is the center. r 
° 2 th A 7 weak, tapering hands, made poner of the allied nations in the greatest 2 Ja. at Lawrenceville in 1868, A negro 
of M ighty Sentinels of e Ages by handeuffa. armed that the world has: was being pureecd Sor rane, and, ateb- 
ever known, both of whom have re- . : 2 a 
A great, bleak, barren rock stands only sixteen miles cently visited the city. 7 | , 
from Atlanta, a grim witness to our civilization, as it sone te i he te eS EG At Point of Collapse. | They hanged him with à rope when 
was a witness to the civilizations that have preceded of men Jett; Bot ‘Ome trace d the |.” h Die coulda’t. yet it. ie , they heard the nature of his crime. 
0 It stood there, probably more majestic in greater saturnine daring that caused him to ing he | . Georgia scored today. | 
height, millions of years ago. It stood there when Baby- write The Constitution “I hated to faced HOt . A 
lon was in its glory. Read the engrossing story of Stone shoot Mr. West, but after this, ! the throng ar ) 7 Pensi ‘st Cut 
mountain in The Magazine of next Sunday’s Constitution. guess he'll mind his own business:“ is nse. . ension List ° 
not a suggestion of that quality of was al , A tres : Americus, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
A Story by O. 0. Melntyre . oon N all eta. The pre- : 4 * Gal.) —The * 1 paren 8 —— ni 
were, course order. a. pensioners uced tsburg, e 
Is another big feature of The ‘Magazine of Sunday’s : / DuPre | | 
Constitution. It tells how Arthur Somers Roche, a former ey ; , — en | proximately sixty names as 4 result 
newspaper reporter in the nation’s metropolis, inspired 
a governor to declare a “Day of Faith.” 
Get these features in The Magazine of 


tt Sunday’ 3 Fe ae 


the woman’s division. 


i 


S| GRBUSRBRRSRE.Saesvensaceyeenecel 


PulsUsteo¥seeey,.gssesess.sezaeszese 


9 Re Fm 


8 . N 
) — „ are: 82 8 mS, 
* 4 . 5 . rr . n 
* A 12932 VA Py et x oe” 4 . +e 
7 2 


a 25 sh 8 1 
r — FP. — XS «tree © a 


See Fanden For Whom. Di 
: y | He Stole Diamond 


FFP 


ö 


of 


: 
ef 
f 


5 


WA anil wines 


Paris, January 18.—(By the Asso- TAIL AT WHOL! 


1 of being drunk * moo ao . „%öC — ks 5 — the ministerial declaration; 
33 ‘by hip father, did not consider that Betty Andrews 1 ere pas ee r 

had been one of the r @ asso- . 

ciations for he accom ed her to the 
e Union station when the train dhe geo 
the bandit was due. They had 


—.— for an eye for an eye and a fat Mr. Harrison’s office, and the girl „„ 5% ͥͤùͥ ᷑ᷣ y Ng. Sek Bee : i ' 
0 w eee ef we ete 


tooth for a tooth mitigated. ’ had assured the father that she was- JG alliances, as well as its — — ar 
~ willing to do an and everythin „ % ee ee | ted This was | governmen 
itor s Position. ing ything ytoms Me game : to base its policy on the Versailles four be eliminated entirely 8 ge F 


ae 
3 1 


clearly -| This spirit seems to have won him, Bigs „ * 9 5 1 — 
226. * 133 Ay hang song 4 for when they appeared at the station og ghee Be % wok te a abe ae 6 bei privileges in the shipping of na Chuck Roast 
his arm. They ae | 777... 8 ge 8 ; of any country. e eels 8 ee 
- tooth and toenail when the trial comes she was clinging to looki ; 3 „ „ e. VVV * I Russian soviet beforehand. As to Ger- en 8 
made a ye gor age ing pair in | 1 — many, it is asserted that nation must amended article * — Hughes introduced a reso- Rib Roast Viglen 121 4 c 
e 2588554 — — 1 a ty . “eee | | make up its mind to at one od the i ; 
the chorus girl arrayed in a fur-trim-| [ 3 . 3 — 9 when it sign Rump Roast .. 2 12. 
med coat, a smart bonnet, silken a 55 , te a 1 will be revi Vivek. unless the Chinese : Round Steak 15¢ 
hosiery, and with tears cutting funny % „ 8 é Delaware has an average. elevation urges it. systems into eeeees 
3 J e . of American dele a wellorranized, efficient artery_of 
first degree and will insist on ut the Union station, aol belere the : 5 ee „ „ 


a death penalty. There will — r gt „% ae 8 0 * | | 
* the slightest compromise or soft- bid Campbell, 4 „„ ieee i 5 : 5 8 a 
| hing of the prosecution. We would noticing that a morbidly curious crowd| 4 . „„ 5 a : 2a ‘ie wal dl 

* * was crushing down on the girl, pre- ee pie „„ 50 a oe hi, 25 


3 ok On 1 Solicitor Boykin | to help his son. Ga N TFT treaty. R ng the economic con- done. Brisk et Roast 
i ; re ee Korn * 5 8 4 8 7 5 oe . The resolution was then unanimous- di scriminations, concessions or —— eee „5 „4 ‘ 
Se 


will try him for m 


es and bring the law emptorily ordered her home. How- 
ever, in * with her lawyer, she 


except th nalty made her li 
way to police station, and 
u talk of DuPre being ‘blind there greeted DuPre. 


3 and of being tainted with a 
of hereditary insanity’ was Great Crowd Present. 
not commenced until DuPre found Nothing but the failure of the L. 
himself behind the bars. & N. to operate that particular train 
“When he was 25 Detroit a gor ‘oe eye 3 1 — „„ is 2 ee 
ago, previous to his capture, and than a handful o antans to witness; ° 8 3 8 
not expecting to be captured, he the arrival of the Peachtree bandit. } V 3 Sale prices are for 
wrote a letter to The Atlanta Con- As it was, it seemed that about half J eee. ee h onl 25%, dis- 
stitution expressing his contempt f the city saw DuPre detrain. RRR I ae EES cas y. ) 
for ‘the bone-headed detectives’ and The train was scheduled to arrive 5 F count from regular 
his contempt for Graham West. Heat 11:30 o'clock, but the police had V»ÿ/flIil. en Be 5 
said he thought Mr. West would | kept secret the actual train on which VVV „ prices if charged. 
‘mind his own business hereafter,’ | DuPre would arrive, had hinted that 8 „ 2 
which will be much better for him if | he would be taken off at some nearby 
e does.’ station, and motored into Atlanta, and 
“He did not become penitent or re- had taken every other precaution to 
morseful until he was caught. He keep down the size of the crowd. 
did not seem to be planning to ‘live It was know that the detectives 
straight’ as he had a list of Detroit | were coming down from Cincinnati 
families clipped from a newspaper, with their prisoner and it so happen- 
and said he was going to burglarize ed that a train from Cincinnati ar- 
their homes when they went south | rived at the Terminal station at 11:20. 
kor the winter.“ A vast crowd had gathered at the 
Father Visits Lawyer Terminal, but no one, except those in 
f the know, had seemed to think of the 
It was evident Wednesday, though, Union station. 
that DuPre will not have to stand Ihe hour of the train’s arrival came 
trial for his life. unaided and alone. without more than a dozen persons 
— Wednesday morning Frank Du- outside of policemen and newspaper 
people ‘had assembled. However, the 
, train was 20 minutes late and the 
SU r site of a battery of newspaper photo- 
graphers and all sorts of policemen 


and detectives around the station told 


FOR INDIGESTION 4 leon linia than it takes to write 


it, the deserted station was filled. 
All the nearby streets were jammed. 
Every overlooking window had its 
audience. Literally hundreds watched 
the scene from the Whitehall viaduct. 
As the train came in there was a 
tremendous crush to get alongside the 
rear Pullman, it being the understand- 
ing that Mn 9 the oe , 
were traveling in that car. e train 
snorted into the station with a cold BETTY ANDREWS 
M 7 — — 2 * yor a 3 | 
; necks of the populace, pu zan t but in good humor. They haa all, Once more DuPre was handcuffed 
aie and 75¢ Packages Everywhere —— 3 make them draw alighted before the, crowd yecognised to Detective Sturdivant, and flanked 
ELI n the vestibule of one of the day by policemen, was carried to a waiting 
2 E ISLE TAXICAB | Passengers _alighted_with difficulty coaches, Detective Sturdivant. Hand- patrol wagon and whisked away to the 
cuffed to him was the bandit prison where he will await his fate. 


There he was—wearing the same As soon as DuPre had been put be- 
gray cap and gray overcoat that had] hind lock and bars, detectives began 
been telegraphed in descriptions to] checking up on his confession. It 


every nook and corner of the eonti · was clearly indicated that they be- 
nent. The clothes were stylish, remi- lieve that in the capture of DuPre 
i" » niscent of the remark of Betty An- they have the key to an organized band 
drews “he wore such cute clothes, of robbers that has been operating in 
In th e ( re f but all the style had disappeared in| Atlanta for years. While they do not 
d the wearing. The bandit was as limp! believe that DuPre has been conneet- 
as an emptied flour sack and about the, ed with this band long, they believe 
color of one. that he 2 and bap gry a 3 
5 mation that will lead to the solution 
Nerve Deserts Him. 4 of a uhmber of mysteries“ 
Every bit of nerve that had re- Will Get Early W 
mained with Dh Pre from the time he Solicitor-General John A. kin an’, 
was arrested in Detroit seemed to de- nounced Wednesday that DaPre will 
sert him when he faced the Atlanta] be given an early trial. He was una- 


crowd. Possibly he feared violence, | ble to state exactly when the trial will 
though there was no sign of it in the} be held, but indicated that it will not 
throng. The crowd was morbidly cu- be possible to hold it this week. 
rious, that is all. “T shall. confer Thursday with of- 
But his proximity to the scene of | ficer's who have been working on the 


his crime and that sea of faces that case, with a view toward haying an 


greeted him as he reached the vesti-| early trial,“ the solicitor declared. 
bule seemed to rob him * even the 

power of locomotion. , The high- power 

ed car, in which sat Chief Beavers, had VOTE BY PEOPLE 

driven up to the Pryor street cross- ON CHARTER URGED 


ing. and og ag pew was —— ear · 
ri to it by Detective Sturdivant, 
| Pinkerton Detective Fenn and other Continued from First Page. 
: Atlanta sleuths as the uniformed po- 
— You Hipet eC XaC t 4 tb ad 7 Heemen fought to keep the crowd back. this office if he made the appoint- 
A number of people in the crowd| ment. He said the controller and the 
f „ a to shake hands . — — 8 . 8 
— ere was a negro in the throng wi as a check against each other, cre- 
y Ou W an wit out pay- a bouquet of flowers, evidently florist | ating a —— in fhe public in- 
prepared. He said he had been sent] terest. 
| / fi / to the station by a lady. At the end of thorough discussion 
ing 0 7 d U 0 u g E DuPre was fairly hoisted into the of the plan Mrs. Murray Hubbard 
automobile, but there was difficulty moved that council be requested to 
in making the getaway. At one time! submit it to the people. While some 
a the press of people about the car] did not agree with the councilman on 
B UJ * N O W — . 1 H 8 8 A L E seemed destined to crush it—and all] all features of his charter, they an- 
2 ‘idl this time, DuPre sat with bent head : : ; 


nounced their belief that it was good , 
looking at nothing, His father tried | jn che main and the voters ought to Copyright 1921 Hart Schaffner & Marx 


e. | 
3 . |e Rare Yt The best clothes made 
“YOU CAN’T G E + REDUC- Greeted by Betty. that no further meeting of the co- 3 , 


Reaching the police station, the car operative charter committee would ‘be 
necessary until another — er is 


FF 
„ eee Hart Schaffner & Marx 
See what you save: euffed to Detective Sturdivant. TO RECOVER FROM 


However, he sent word to her by a 


158 detective that he wanted to see her as GUN WOUNDS 
$25.00 Overcoats ..........NOW 318.785 || being taken to the Bertillion room for mae Suits and overcoats that were actually priced 


Dublin, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 


$37.50 Suits and Overcoats..NOW $28.15 F clal.)—T. W. Horton, well-known bus- to sell at $60 36 5 $70 and $75 reduced to 


the chief of detectives awaiting his|inéss man of Scott, Ga., who was 


$40.00 Suits and Overcoats..NOW $30.00 wise ee Cn reriouly shot ‘by Wade e 100 | 
2 ffs were removed from DuPre for ebster igpen, it is alleg an 
545.00 Suits and Overcoats. NOW 33 75 the first time since he began his long who is at a local hosydtal here, is — 
350 00 8 it d Ov t NOW — 80 cage south, _ eh eg rubbed — thought to have an even chance 
: ° ul 5 5 s wrists as the manacles were re- | for recovery. 
epee — — The Thigpen boys, both About 21 


mov 
: | There was no attempt made to in- years of age, and cousins, are alleged 
$55.00 Suits and Overcoats..NOW $41.25 terrogate “him there." In answer, toto have threatened the life of Horton 
2 uestions, thoug e sa at he ha revious to the shooting because the 
$58.00 Suits and Overcoats. NOW $43.50 — treated better than he had ex- — had insisted — payment of 
N Ow $48 7 5 pected, and Detective Sturdevant in- a bad check one of the Thigpens had 


$60.00 Suits and Overcoats. formed Chief Poole tliat DuPre had given him. Immediately foliowing the 
given him absolutely no trouble. shooting, the Thigpens fled, and offi- 


it ) I | The identification work completed, 
$70.00 Suits and Overcoats..NOW 352.50 {| , The identification work comp) ita: | cere have failed to apprehend them, 


drews. The girl had been sitting si- lowed 


) tently in the chief's office with De- . 
3 e ee $900,000 town. 40 45 50 and 55 Hart Schaffner & 
Instead of just talking n e Marx suits and overcoats reduced to 29 
about saving---come to ECT 
Muse is and save sure f , n , „ Not a special purchase of imaginary values, hut 
eno ugh: ö They simply shook hands and aer Take ‘Laxative BROMO QUININE our regular stock of the world’s finest clo thes 


ed some telligible words. Then tablets. The genuine bears the signa- 


. verti ¢ ‘Detectives Rosle are the ret BROMO) B0etatv) reduced ‘way down 
: | aE Va — 
5 Big reductions in every department. Vou 


IG E ©: MUS E CARDUI save most here, always—see if you dont 


. CO. 


— ee Broad 


* 12 “ > 
71 
1 a 
2 n 
* 7 = ov TT, t+ ee, on 
r,t 
* 5 ih N ; 
° N 4 
; II t : 
RR es OY Son ee S| — ae ad — — 
5 1 Key 5 ons es ae 
> N . i 4 
* e 


The Woman's Tonic 


ign prison camps y 
to the senate committee investigating 


charges that American soldiers had 


been hanged without trial in France. 

There was no evidence bearing on 
the charge of illegal hangings. 

Five of the ten witnesses expected 
to testify concerning this 2 of the 
inquiry were summoned. but they did 
not appear, a reper’ by the senate 
sergeant-at-arms showing that four of 
them could not be located. 

Called as a witness after telegraph- 
ing Senator Watson, democrat, Geor- 
gia, that he knew of the killing of 
three soldiers, Bruce Bennear, of Elk 
Garden, W. Va., said he had no know!- 
edge of his own as to such crime 
Sharply pressed by members of the 
committee as to his reason for making 
conflicting statements, Bennear er- 
plained that he had written the tele- 
grams and that a small town operator, 
rewriting them with the view of elim- 
inating unnecessary words, had made 
him say what he did not mean. 


Gives Witnesses Time. 


In conducting the examination, 
Chairman Brandegee gave the witness- 
es all the time they desired, but in 
tome, instances was unable to get a 

“ves” or “no” to direct questions as to 
whether privates alleged to have been 
beaten up in prison camps actually 
had been killed. 

The hearing will be resumed tomor- 
row. 

Four of those who failed to ap- 

par were J. J. rown, hast 

oint, Ga.; Ivy P. Frieley, New York 
city; Arthur Q. Burrington, Detroit, 
and Ernest armer, Chattanooga. 
Tennessee 

Harry K. Walmer, of New York 
city, told the committee that while in 


1 i 


5 
8 


was kept there two — There was 
not even a chair in the room.” 


' Given no Food. 


“Were you ever told you were un 
arrest, or what for?” isms Bran- 


7 
. 5 


= don’t — 

“Did they give you water at the 
prison?“ 

“No, but we got some on the QT.” 

Walmer related many alleged griev- 
ances, saying after he left Varies he 
was stopped at a village and put to 
sleep in a horse stall. Eager to get 
away, he said, he ate two bars of soap, 
which made him ill, and he was tagged 
as an influenza patient and sent to a 
hospital. Meanwhile, he deelared, — 
was robbed of francs and his 
mother’s picture, found with his mon- 
ey, was torn up and thrown in his 
face. 2 
“Why did they tear up your moth- 
er’s picture?” Sendtor Watson asked. 

“Just to aggravate me. They said 
I didn’t need it.” 

Walmer declared he had a certifi- 
cate of meritorious conduct from Gen- 
eral Pershing. 

Weeps During Story. 

Walmer wept as he told how the 
military police had robbed his bag- 
gage, stealing See little things his 
mother had knitted for him, and a 
Bible given him by his grandmother. 

Champ E. Martin, of Seneca, S. C., 
standing six feet seven and one-half 
inches in his socks, told of the shoot- 
ing of Frank Ahenok. 4 prisoner, by 
a sentry in France. The prisoner, he 
said, was lying down and was shot as 


he started to turn over. An order to 


2 


7 ' 1 
8 ; 
. ¢ 
— . 
75 
* 
5 " 2 * 4 
; Ss 
* ‘trae 
a 3 
Rr 
* a 1 


* 
to me’ ee they Were put in ambe- 
and hauled away,” Walters 
“The sergeants were in Fort 
Leavenworth prison when I got back 
— France, but I don’t know what 
or 
“Why were the men beaten?” Chair- 
man Brandegee asked. 
“I don’t know. It was an everyday 
occurrence for men to be beaten up.” 


WILLIAMSON TO SPEAK 
AT Y. M. C. A. SERVICE 


regular Thursday evening fel- 
lowship service will be held at the Cen- 
tral M. C. A., with C. J. Wil- 
liamson, of the Billy Sunday club, as 
leader of the evening. 

The prime purpose of the fellow- 
ship meetings is the promotion of ac- 


The 


Auaintanee between the dormitory men 


and members, but it has grown to in- 
elude outsiders. The meetings are of 
an inspiration and practical nature. 
They are in charge of W. L. Beyer, Jr. 


OLD GUARD WILL NAME 
NEW LEADERS TONIGHT 


Following a short business meeting, | certain 


at which the officers of the Old Guard 
will be elected for the coming year, 
the members and th wives and 
sweethearts will be enfartained at the 
annual banquet and ball to be given 
at the Capital City club at 8:30 
o’clock tonight, according to an an- 
nouncement made by Commander C. 
P. Byrd. 

5 N 


. * 


| 


ure ag 


(CULE 2 


ment of synthetic chemistry, are still 
but dreams, according to a reached 
received trom the United 


Smi 
ed dead States geological survey Wednesday 


by Dr. S. W. MeCallie, state geologist. 
Recently assertions have been made 
„ that it is possible to 
re” gold, and it was stated 
Germans had found 
baser 


these statements are erroneous, 
2 to the bulletin received by Dr. 


In discussing the reports concerning 
the new — of making gold, the 
Uetin said 


odern chemristey has shown that at ; 


some of the supposed elemental subst 
t he calls elements, are 
in all ordinary chemical 
processes these compounds behave like ele- 
ments, but it is nevertheless possible by spe- 


cial chemical operations to show that they | 


e substances. 
some extent 


wll divisible into more simpl 
revived to 


is discovery has 
— * pelle? in alchemy, 


come so abundant as to destroy complet 
such utility as it may bave as a measure * 
value and a basis for currency. 

It has even been stated that the late 8. 
F. Emmons, of the United States og- 
ical survey, department of the erior, 
claimed to have made synthetie gold from 
silver dollars many years ago. Mr. Emmon 
never made any such im, and the state- 
ment is showed. No one has yet succeeded 
in making gold or in obtaining it from any 
other —— element. e feat can not 
„ but it is fairly 

hould succeed 


t 

that has hitherto been regarded as a simple 
element, the process would be so difficult 
and costly as to make the gold far more ex- 
pensive than the natural metal. The silver- 
dollar story is probably based on the fact 
that the silver and copper of which our s0- 
called silver coins are made do contain ex- 
ceedingly minute quantities of gold—quan- 
tities too small to be of any practical im- 
portance, 


* 


re 


Annual January Clearance Sa 


— — 


le ol 


Main Floor—Women’s Dept. 


Marvelously/ 


ow Prices 


Women’s footwear. 


shoes sold as high as 
choice 


Leather and Black Satin 


practically every style of 


$13.50 the pair, at 


1,000 pairs fine Slipoers, Pumps and Orts: t 
lines“ taken from our regular stock; all sizes in 
the lot, values up to . 50 the pair, all to 


Baby Louis, Military and French heels, 
hundreds of other styles, all to go at 


favored models are represented; values up to 


S we are greatly overstocked we include every pair of our 
fine Dorothy Dodd and J. Albert & Sons ee e 


One lot consisting of Women's high heel Kid Boots in Black 
Brown and colors. All sizes and widths; 
Oy pair, 


these 
your 


these are 


Another lot includes a number of styles such as Brown and Black 
Kid Military Oxfords Black Kid, Brown Kid, 


Strap Slippers with — 
‘also 


500 pairs of fine Black Kid Comfort Shoes in 
different styles from which to select, 
$5.50 values, in this sale they go at 


regular 


And still another lot including many of our finest Low Shoes, and 


$7.90 


the season’s most 


“short 


Tan Calf, Patent 


Bals and Bluch- 
ers. Values to 
$10.00, at. 


to $15.00, at. 


Men's, Women’s and Children’s Shoes 


—_— a 


Startling Money-Saying Sale Begins 


Men’s Department 


Extraordinary 


Values 
In Men's Shoes 


e mention only a few of 
the extra specials offered. 


200 Pairs Tan and Black 
Brogues, Ball Straps, English 


$4.90 


300 Pairs Bostonians, in Brown Kid Bluchers, 
Tan and Black Calf, English 
Bals. and Bluchers; values 


Today 


Three pairs for $1-00 


lar $1.25 and $1.50 values, 
per pair... 


regular $1.50 values, at, 
per pair 


Bargains in Hosiery 


Remarkable Values in Women’s Hose 


Remnants in Grey Silk, Champagne and Grey Lisle 
Stockings, to close out, per pair... 


Black, Brown and White Silk with Lisle tops; regu- 


Black, 3 Grey and White Silk Hose, in all sizes; 


tops. 


Lace. 


to 2, at 


tops. 


Junior Dept. 


Bargains 


Children's 


125 Pairs of Children's Shoes, in Tan and 
Black Button, also a few White 


Sizes 2 to 8, at. 
150 Pairs Misses’ Shoes, in Tan and Black 


Sizes 8% to 11 and 1 


_ 175 Pairs Growing Girls’ Shoes, 
Black. Broad and narrow toes: also a few? 
Whité Canvas and White 


mites 256 00 G Otvc cv cincccs 


In 


90c 


51.90 


in Tan and 


$2.90 


198 Pairs, all small sizes, 
high heel Women’s Boots. 
“Odds and Ends,” at — 


90° 


Offers the Most Wonderful Values Ever Known 


480 Pairs Women’s n.ilitary 
heel Boots. Black and Tan 
“Odds and Ends.” Also 
500 Pairs Remnant Oxfords, — 
all high heels and small 
sizes, at— 


$1.90 


400 Pairs Women’s Military 
heel Boots, in Brown and 
Black Kid and Calf. All 
sizes. Also 350 Pairs Black 
Kid Oxfords, Black Satin 
Straps, Tan Calf Oxfords and 
many other 

styles, at 


The Under-Price Cash Basement’s Annual Clearance 


200 Pairs Boys’ Black Lace 
School Shoes, sizes 1 to 6, 
ea selling 2 to 34.95, 


81.90 


315 Pairs, small sizes, in 
high and low heel Women’s 
Boots. Remnants, at— 


90c 


460 Pairs Women’s Military 
Boots, in Brown and Black 
Kid, Black and Tan Calf. 
Remnants, at— - 


$2.90 


1,000 Pairs Women’s Beauti- 
ful Military heel Walking Ox- 
fords, in Brown Kid, Calf 
and Black Kid. All high- . 


. OO 


Ladies’ Twedie Spats, for- 
merly selling up to $5.00, 


5 90c 


~~ 


Good Shoes for 


ALL at Amazing 
Reductions 


— 


Our Annual Clearance Sale Begins This Morning. Come Early 


1 


No C. O. D.“s 


2 111 


1 
f | ER my 


No Refunds. 
‘No Exchanges 


— meh — 


930000 
hold in Shantung shall 
by a company to be 

charter by the 


be operated |, 
under a 


Chinese 
ernment. The Japanese will be per- 


mitted to invest capital in the enter- 
prise not exceeding the amount of 
Chinese en 

Details of the 
worked out locally by the Chinese 
ernment and the company regarding 
control and other features appertain- 
ing to operation of the mines. 

The ent was reached a 
meeting of the we . on the 


b Shantun 


and there have | Tsin 
been of late many suggestions tn the od oe the 
that gold may be ng artificially and be- 


q 
tions will be — tomorrow when 
the question of cables and wireless 
stations will be taken up. Two cables, 
both in Chinese waters, and two wire- 
less stations are involved. One cable 


from Tsingtao to Chefoo and one from 
Both of these | Husk 
inese lay claim to, but the at- 
titude of the Japanese on this ques- 

4 


o to Shanghai. 


tion is not known. 

With the clearing up of these, only 
disposition of the salt mines remains 
to be settled before the way is cleared 
for resumption of the negotiations for 
settlement of the main dispute of con- 
trol of the Tsingtao-Tsinanfy railway. 
It was said tonight that neither the 
Chinese nor the Japanese had heard 
from their respective governments con- 
cerning the compromise proposals put 
forward by Secretary Hughes and Ar- 
thur J. Balfour. The details of the 
compromise suggestion have never 
been made public, but they are under- 
stood to involve the method of pay- 
ment and of control of the road. 


SENATE,CONFIRMS 
FLETCHER AS U. S. 
ENVOY TO BELGIUM 


Washington, Janice 18.—The 
nomination of Henry P. Fletcher, un- 
der-secretary of state, to be ambassa- 
dor to Belgium, was confirmed today 
by the senate, together with that of 
William J. O’Toole, of West Virginia, 
to be minister to Paraguay. 


Alleged Bunco Man 
Must Arrive Today 
Or Forfeit $20,000 


When he failed to make his appear- 
ance in the United States district 
court Wednesday mornin Frank 
Douglas, alias J. A. Sloane, on trial 
for rey ed misuse of the mails, for- 
feited 000 bond. Douglas is want- 
ed in connection with the bunco ring, 
which operated some time ago in At- 
lanta, according to Hal Lindsay, as- 
sistant district attorney, who is rep- 
resenting the United States in the case. 

According to Leonard Haas, who 
represents the Fidelity Bonding com- 
pany, of Maryland, which furnished 
Douglas’ bond, a telegram is in his 
possession saying that 2 will 
arrive in Atlanta Thur 

Mr. Lindsay stated Wednesday that 
he had received a commun cation from 
Key West, Fla., signed Frank Doug- 
las, which stated that Douglas would 
reach the city Thursday to face trial. 
Forfeiture of bond will be walved in 
case he appears, said Mr. Lindsay. 

uglas was arrested in New York 
state several weeks ago, on charges 
of having taken part in a $5,400 swin- 
dle perpetrated on N. L. Davis, a vie- 
tim of the dunco ring. He was re- 
leased under bond, following arraign- 
ment. Mrs. Douglas, the wife of the 
man wanted by federal authorities, 
was reported to. be in Atlanta Wed- 
nesday, but could not be found. 

The tial of T. D. Shaw, former 
lieutenant of detectives, indicted on the 
same charges, will take place next 
Monday, it was announced Wednesday. 
According to werd received Tuesday 
by H. N. Graham, postoffice inspector, 
Charles McCord, held in California 
for alleged participation in bunco 
dealings, will fight extradition. 


State Represented 
At Farm Conterence 


Called by President 


W. B. Hunter, president of the 
Georgia Fruit exchange, and Martin 
F. Amorous, prominent Atlantan and 
Cobb county farmer, have been invited 
by Henry C. Wallace, U. S. secretary 
of agriculture, to attend the presi- 
dent’s agricultural conference, called 
in Washington for next week. The 
invitations, both of which were by 
telegraph, have been accepted. 

The Georgia Fruit exchange, or- 
ganized in 1909, has developed the 
marketing of the Georgia peach to a 
point of perfection. During the past 


season, more than 7,500 cars were! 


distributed by the exchange in 201 
cities throughout the country, with a 
r to the member growers of 

Mr. Amorous has for some time 
past been prominently associated with 
the organization campaign of the 
Georgia Cotton Growers’ association. 


NASHVILLE REALTY 
MAN KILLS SELF 


Nashville, ‘Tenn., January 18.— 
Daniel G. Buntin, 47, real estate op- 
erator, here and in Chicago, shot and 
killed himself this afternoon at his 
home in West End, the act being at- 
tributed to ill-health. 

Mr. Buntin represented an old and 
socially prominent family of Nash- 
ville, and was the son-in-law of James 
E. Caldwell, banker. 


REM SEN KING’S ESTATE 
IN BLACKBURN’S HANDS 


Temporary letters of administration 
of the estate of Remsen P. King, who 
was recently killed by a live wire in 
his home, were granted Wednesday 
to Palmer Blackburn, business asso- 
ciate of Mr. King. The value of the 
estate was not made public. It is 
expected that permanent letters of ad- 
ministration will awarded Mr. 
Blackburn later. 


BRONCHIAL CATARRH 


Rome, January 18.— (By 
ciated Press.) — Pope Benedic 
kined to his bed with an a 
bronchial catarrh and sympto 
fluenza, but his condition is not se- 


This announcement was made thie 
evening by The Observatore Komano, 
the official vatican organ. 


To Meet in Atlanta. 
sesh Gy dare Ae 


NE AOR A ENE TLIO ete pei 


‘ 85 
* 
~ 


pie ines pres 


conversa- }- 


— — — — —-¼-— — eee ee 


KEEPS PORE IN BED |} 


— 5 „„„„„%%%„%„ „„ 
nn. rn 


eeeed 
— 
e „„ eee 
W. R „„ „„ 
oe „ „„ „ 
ocd. eee eee. „ „% oF 


Armand Carroll 
a L. Edwards „„ * “ee 9 * 


H. Martin 
. 


=. Glenn . 
200. 00 


eee „„ % % 


AMERICAN STEAMER 


POSTED AS MISSING 


London, January 18.—The Ameri- 
ean tank steamer Santa Kita, from 


New Orleans October 20, for 8 


Italy, was posted today at Lloyd's as 


missing. 


ia, 


1 
g 
\ 


7 


ae 


200.00 
000-00 Preaties as Sheriff 


Must Hang Murderers, 
So Resigns Pastorate 


ys ae og January 1%—The Kev. 

bb, sheriff ae Polk county, 

—— ed his pastorate at the Ur- 

cosine Federated church, because, he 

said, he does not wish the chureh to 

be subjected to criticism when he 
bahgs two murderers this spring. 

“I will have to hang Orrie Cross 
and Eugene Weeks in April and May,” 
Robb said. “I. do not feel that I 
should be a regular pastor when 1 do 
this, ag 1 would subject my church 
to too much criticism.” 


oF 


Throwing cocoanuts over logs, which 
are used in constructing boats, makes 
the boats stronger and swifter, ac- 
as cording to a superstition among the 
natives of New Guinea. 


kor releasing him 


COMMU TES TERM 


OF U.S. ANT TRUST . 


dent Harding. it was learned — f 9 


has commuted the prison term im 
upon Frank H. Nobbe, one 
group of men sentenced by a federal 


judge in New York for violation of the 


Sherman anti-trust\act. 
Nobbe had served about a month ot 


55 


0 

1. 
a 
E a 
ss 


his four months’ term when 8 


freed by executive clemency. No in- 
formation as to the N 


here. Nobbe, vice — of the 
Tile, Granite and Mantel Manufac- 


5 
* 


„ * a 
. 7 ee 
x Be 

“SS 


turers’ association, pleaded guilty or 


closed by the 
committee investigating housi 
New York. He and Herman 


Arthur Shilstone and Albert Scballe. 
sentenced with him to jail terms, were 


the first persons ever to go to jail for 


violation of the Sherman act. The oth- 2% 


ers are still in jail. 


Deposits of red snow was discov- 4 
ered in Greenland by Captain John Ae 


Ross, of the British navy, in 1818. 


“MOST FOR YOUR MONEY”? 


doubt. 


ducting 


today! 


at? 


—Some at 25 and $17.50 


Any “Sale 


E * „ * * & 


With the best sale values 
you can find in mind 
come to our store and we 
will show you a far better 
value for your money. 


\ You be the judge! 


zs W „ „ 


FEATURED AT OUR 

5 Decatur Street Store 

High-Grade, All-Wool 
Suits and Overcoats 


Actual compari-.. 
sons prove that be- 
yond a shadow of a 


Special sales induce- 
ments on slow-moving 
merchandise are now in 
full sway. Stores con- 
sales 
greater values than ever. 


* e+ „ X ® 


In face of these so-called 
“bargain events,“ Kibler 
& Long standard values 
stand out strongly as the 
best offered anywhere 


claim 


— 


at 


Values Not Duplicated In 
Event’ Today! 


FEATURED AT OUR 
70 Peachtree Street Store 


Finest Hand - Tailored 
Suits and Overcoats 


3 


3 at $30 


Clothes That Can't Be Bought in Any 
Other Store in Town at These fas Prices! 


; 
t 
7 


hi coh bhai Bet 
e 5 aR 
% 2 Bite FB ea 
* 2 x 

9 4 4 


b 
. 


. „ 


f bod n 
red pl LS hes 
aa tic 


. “a as, ee 2 2 
e 
> 


* 
1 
* 1 


; Flt 


ERG Ree 
— 


Sr 


X tae 


5 * 

G 

—_ 

is * f 


1 
; 


i] 


ert 


life.| 
Well, neither have I. 


Washington, January 18.—Europe 
this year will require huge imports 
ot American foodstuffs, the depart- 
ment of agriculture announced today 
in making public a summary of the 
report of G. F. Warren and W. F. 
Callander, who returned recentty after 
making a study of Europenn agricul- 
tural and market conditions. Ger- 
Soa ane te of tweed e 
2,000, tons po 8 
fore the next harvest, and the United 
Kingdom, France, the Scandinavian 
countries, Czechoslovakia, Austria, 
Italy and Switzerland are looking to 
America for great quantities to sup- 
+ plement their own supplies. 

Excellent yields of wheat and rye 
were obtained before the severe drought 
of last spring developed, the investi- 
gators reported, but barley, oats, corn, 
potatoes, sugar beets and fodder crops 
were extensively damaged. Pastur- 
age was so severeiy affected in some 
countries, it was said, that live stock 
was sold off with a resuitant depres- 
ion of meat markets, and the drought 
delayed planting of winter wneat and 
caused a reduction in acreage. 
Rumania, Hungary and Poland, nor- 
mally surplus-producing countries, are 
expected to be of little assistance in 
| feeding the remainder of Europe this 
year. L. G. Michaels, who is inves- 
tigating conditions in that country 
for the department, has reported that 
Rumania’s exportable surplus, which 
had been heavily counted upon, prob- 
ably will be less than 300,000 tons, 
and that transportation difficulties, 
price fixing and governmental condi- 
tions may interfere with the move- 
ment of this. Whiles Hungarian of- 
ficials announced in November that 
permits had been issued for exporta- 
tion of 100,000 tons of wheat flour 
and this amount later was increased, 
transportation difficulties are expected 
to interfere greatly with its movement. 
Little progress, likewise, has been 
m..de in exporting 50,000 tons of rye 
and barley from Poland under per- 
mits issued last fall and it is said 
to be probable now that imports will 
be needed in that country before the 
next harvest. 

Despite the increase in the 1921 
wheat and rye crops over those of 
1920, the department’s investigators 


an 
sg 


many rheumatics being freed from this 
ycourge, with S. S. 8. Start today with 
. . S. and see your face clear and 
tatoo skin get ruddier, your flesh 
irmer 

rareer. 8 

stores, in two sizes. The larger sige 
is the more economical. 


Which To You 
Is Most Important 
What Goes In a Can of Paint 
or What Comes Out of It? 


eee 


s'aearpeeeseeew 


sVU eC ePetEeegeesee e 8 eee § Oe 18 8:8 


Do care most whether it’s a paint 

only of lead, zinc and oil; or one 
made to go farthest and last ? 14 
through a making and mixin 
process different others: * 


Just how that part of it differs 
doesn’t wees ace interest you. 
What you want is satisfaction 
and lastingness. That is what is 
om in every can of our paint. 
t’s what you get out of every 


can. Furthermore, it farther 
and costs less to make it go. 


Send for paint booklet — 
“Figure your painting cost wit 
a brush—not a pencil.” 


The Lowe Brothers Co. 


93 PETERS STREET, ATLANTA, GA. 
Friddell TGros., 246 Peachtree St.; Miller Lumber (., 103 Ridge Ave.; 
Stewart Avenue Pharmacy, Stewart Ave.; East Atlanta Hardware Co., 905 
jlenwood Ave.; A. 8. Turner, Decatur; W. A, Fleming & Co., Kirkwood, Ga.; 
East Point Lumber Co., East Point, Ga.; College Park Lumber Co., College 
Park Ga.: Ipctories: Dayton, Toronto. 


'@-0.8% © @: 68 8 


y have 

ings, if mad sas ofthe 

two t eon e 
first three. 


28 we round out, that if 
the folks we sold our paint to, 
got the satisfaction — lasting - 
ness out of every can that 

had a right to expect, then we 
would have to make our paint 
with at least six differing 


materials. 
Furthermore, we must put it 


‘ess 


S 


Denn 


é 2 * * 
a oa 3 
„ 6% „ © 


6 11 „% „„ „ nnn enen eT eee eee eee eee neee neee 


—— —— V 


innen e e e t t ee 


ep Ptitsstreetiicly 


* 


1,000, 000 
PAIRS 
OF NEW 
ARMY 


SHOES 


(Trench & Field) 
Which are going to 
be sold by sealed bid. 


A 
War Department 


WAR DEPARTMENT 


Quartermaster Corps 
— ON 


FEBRUARY 6TH, 1922. 
You can buy 6 or more pairs up 
to a million. 


NCLUDED in the offering are approximately 750,000 pairs of new 
Trench shoes with and without hob nails and heel and toe plates 
also Spproximately 250,000 pairs of new Field shoes with and without 


They are stored at Philadelphia, Brooklyn, Pittsburgh, Boston, Schenectady, 
St. Louis, New Orleans. Atlanta, Norfolk, Pt. Newark, N. J., Omaha, 
Camp Pike, Ark., and other points where inspection of the actual mer- 
chandise may be made, N 


wWertite to any of the following addresses for full particulars: 
' CHIEF, SURPLUS PROPERTY DIVISION, 
Be Office of the Quartermaster General, Room 1402, Muni- 
* tions Building, Washington, D. C. 
» SURPLUS PROPERTY CONTROL OFFICER, 
Army Supply Base, Boston, Mass. 
Army Supply Base, Brooklyn, N. Y. 
158510 W. Pershing Road, Chicago, III. 
Candler Warehouse, Atlanta. Ga. 


N 1 
lal rN 
— ioe 

2 a2 

= 4s ‘ 

Cy 8 


* 


tion, sizes, widths, quantities, etc. 


A 


3 ‘ 


* 


: 3 
i” i ines 4 i 24 n Bare fom * 
2ͤĩ7 —————— 
vc 3 5 te 
„ 


N 
. 


BIG FOOD IMPORTS 


Washington, January 18.—(By 
The Associated Press] — The Ameri- 
can government-has intervened in the 
controversy between Chile and Pern 
involved the execution of the treaty 
of Ancon, inviting the two South 
Ameriean governments to send plani- 
potentiares to Washington for a 
conference. 

The invitations, it was said today 
at the state department, were for- 
warded to the foreign ministers of 
Chile and Peru several days ago in 
the name of President Harding. The 
text of the invitations, it was stated, 
would be made public as soon as it 
had been learned that they had been 
received in Santiago and Lima. 

The text of the invitation as made 
public at the state department indi- 
cated that it was the view of the 
American government that should the 
representatives of the two govern- 
ments be unable at their confer- 
ence at Washington to settle the 
points in controversy they would ar- 
range for arbitration of the dispute. 


ag 9; ACCEPTS 
U. S. INVITATION. 

Santiago, Chile, January 18 — (By 
The Associated Press) — Chile, it was 
announced today, has accepted an in- 
vitation from the United States gov- 
ernment to designate a planipoten- 
tiary at Washington to study the form 
of execution of the treaty of Ancon, 
under which the Tacna-Amica dis- 
pute between Peru and Chile arose. 


J. B. WILLIAMS 
BURIED AT WINDER 


Winder, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)—J. B. Williams, a well-known 
contractor and builder, died at his 
home in Winder Tuesday morning, aft- 
er an illness of about three weeks. Mr. 
Williasm, who, at the time of his 
death, was the head of the Williams- 
Thompson Lumber company, of Wird- 
er, was, for 20 years, president of the 
Winder Lumber company. 

While at the head of this company, 
he built some of the leading court- 
houses and churches in the state, and 
a number of magnificent residences in 
Winder and other cities. He built the 
courthouses at Madison, Greensboro 
and Cochran, the Methodist, Baptist 
and Christian churches at Winder. 
Mr. Williams several times was 
councilman and member of the board 
of education of Winder; was a Mason, 
Knight of Pythias and Odd Fellow. 
He was a member of the Baptist 
church at Winder. It was at this 
church, which he built, that his funer- 
al was held Wednesday afternoon, the 
services being conducted by the pas- 
tor, Rev. W. H. Faust, assisted by 
Rev. J. F. Jackson, of Atlanta. 
The burial services were conducted 
by the Winder Lodge of Masons. Be- 
sides his widow, he leaves seven chil- 
dren, Mrs. Montine Owens and Mrs. 
Lois Blasingame, of Atlanta; H. B. 
Williams, of nee county; W. B. 


Williams, J. B. Williams, Jr., and 


Misses Louise and Lizzie Williams, of 
Winder. 


M’CLURE STORE | 
' DAMAGED BY FIRE 


Americus, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)—Fire of unknown origin this 
afternoon damaged the upper floor of 
the Neon Buchanan building, corner 
Lamar street and Cotton avenue, now 
under lease by the C. W. McClure 
Realty company, of Atlanta. The 
upper floor was unoccupied, but the 
flames badly damaged the wooden 
ceiling and worked their way Into the 
rafters.’ 

Considerable damage was done by 
water, on the floor to the~McClure 
stock of goods, which was badly soak- 
ed. The Americus Steam Vulcaniz- 
ing company’s quarters in the rear of 
the ground floor were soaked, but most 


dry, little the worse for water. The 
company’s books were removed before 
the water came through. The boss 
is covered by insurance. 
damage is estimated at $1,000. 


— 


To Employ Agent. 


LaGrange, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)—The board of commissioners of 
Troup county, in a special called 
meeting, voted for the employment of 
a farm demonstration agent for an- 
other year. Efforts are being made 
to secure the services of F. R. Wil- 
liams, who formerly held this posi- 
tion. : 


MEDICATED SMOKE 
DRIVES OUT GATARRH 


A Simple, Safe, Inexpensive 
Method That Clears Out 
the Head, Nose and 
Throat. 


Dr. Blosser, a catarrh specialist, is 
the originator of a certain combination 
of medicinal herbs, flowers and berries 
to be smoked in a pipe or ready pre- 
pared cigarette which is meeting with 
unusual success in catarrhal troubles. 
As the disease is carried into the head, 
nose and throat with the air you 
breathe, so the antiseptic healing va- 
por of his remedy is carried with the 
breath directly to the affected parts. 

This simple, practical method ap- 
plies the medicine where sprays, 
d»uches, ointments, ete., cannot pos- 
sibly Its effect is soothing and 
healing and is entirely harmless, con- 
taining no cubebs, tobacco or habit- 
forming dru It is pleasant and 
may be used by women and children as 
well as men. 

If you suffer from catarrh, asth- 
ma, catarrhal deafness, or if subject 


remedy. 

If you desire proof of its beneficial 
‘and pleasant effect, send ten cents 
{coin or stamps) to The Blosser Oo., 
28 DL, Atlanta, Ga., for a trial pack- 


age. bs 


of the stock of the concern was laun- | 


The total] 


to frequent colds, you should try this 


DR. BLOSSER S 


Medicated Cigarettes 


For colds and catarrh may be 

hed at any drug store im a 

convenient pocket size pack- 

cig \ 
for 


plete information as to descrip- 


* . “ 


* 7 Tr TOD A Get a Bulletin giving com- 
30 


4 8 ant ‘ 
i 5 - 2 
a aa, * 
# 


have been made by Fairfield. 
the Stubbs’ case, which 
nday night, 
has not yet reached a verdict. 
Last night, by request of the jury, 
Judge C. T. Gower recharged them on 
the law of voluntary manslaughter. 
A jury has been secured in the case 
of Bell, and it is probable that it will 
take up the balance of this week. 
All jurors, disqualified by reason of 
relationship to striking employees of 
the A., B. & A., were discharged for 
the term this morning, indicating the 
intention of the court to take up an- 
other of the railroad cases, should 
time be available this week. 


CANNERIES OPEN 
WAY TO NEW 
FARM PROGRAM 


Juliette, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)—With advance preparations be- 
ing made by the American Cone and 
Pretzel compan to handle all the 
fresh fruits and vegetables grown in 
the counties surrounding con, in 
addition to large quantities of other 
truck crops and fruits which they will 
can, the farmers ef this section are 
very optimistic over the outlook for 
the coming year. | 

Since Macon now has two canning 
factories which will furnish ready cash 
markets for anything grown on the 
farms in this part of the state, farmers 
of Monroe county are now planning to 
diversify on a larger scale than first 
intended. 

Many of them are investigating the 
possibilities in connection with the 


nut industry is also open to the farm- 
ers through the propositions being 
made by the Southern Cotton Oil com- 
pany, of Forsyth, very little attention 
will be paid to cotton this year. 


SAVANNAH MAN, 
SHOT BY NEGRO, 
REPORTED DEAD 


Savannah, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)—Robert Godfrey North, 55, of 
Savannah, who was shot by a negro in 
Effingham county a few days ago, 
according to information from Clyo, 
in that county today, is dead from 
the effects of wounds. 


NO FUNDS CAUSE 
RELEASE OF MAN 
HELD FOR TRIAL 


Savanah, Ga., January 18.— Spe- 
cial.)—Because there were no funds 
available to bear the expenses of bring- 


two years ago, W. E. Hensley, arrest- 
ed in Atlanta a few days ago, was re- 
leased, and will escape trial on these 
charges, ‘ 


NEW TRIAL DENIED 


Green Case Expected to Go 
to Supreme Court. 


Tifton, Ga., January 18.—(Special.) 
Judge Eve yesterday overruled the 
motion for a new trial filed by at- 
torneys for J. M. S. Green, who was 
convicted at the July term of Tift 
superior court of the murder of Daniel 
Sutton, and sentenced to life imprison- 
ment. 

The. case probably will go to the 
state supreme court. 

There were only two contentions in 
the motion, one the failure of the 
court to continue the case because of 
the absence of two witnesses whose 
evidence the court did not consider 
material, and the admission of eertain 
testimony in the nature of a dying 
statement from Sutton. 

Green and Sutton were farmers and 
neighbors, and Sutton was shot by 
Green Sunday, July 4, dying a few 
hours after he was brought to the 
hospital in Tifton. Sutton’s son-in- 
law was the only eye-witness to the 
shooting, which took place in the 
public road. 


WILL REBUILD 
COTTON WAREHOUSE 


Dawson, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)—A. J. Hill and M. G. Hill, whose 
warehouse was destroyed by fire in the 
early fall, contemplate rebuilding in 
the near future. The old warehouse 
contained about 1,400 bales of cotton 
at the time of the fire and was the 
scene of the greatest conflagration 
here in years. 

The new structure will be on the 
same site as the old one, and will be 
of modern fireproof design, equipped 
with all the latest preventions, includ- 
ing an automatic sprinkler system. 
The work will commence in the spring 
and the building will be completed in 
time to care for this year’s crop. 


IS WOUNDED 
BY ROAD BANDIT 


Savannah, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)— Fritz Morkins, of Savannah, is 
recovering at a local hospital from the 
effects of a terrific blow dealt him on 
the right arm by one of several hold- 
up men, unidentified, who halted him 
on the Montgomery road last ngih 


iht as 
he was driving his car toward Sa- 
vannah. 

He fired into the bunch with his lett 
hand, and believes he hit one of the 
bandits. He then drove his car with 
his left hand to the city and reported 
at the hospital. 

The hold-up men have not been ar- 
rested. 


MARKET PROVIDED 
- FOR TRUCK PRODUCE 


Americus, Ga,, Jan 
cial.)—Sumter coun armers may 
market a large quantity of vegetables 
as an added cash crop this spring 

the efforts of Mrs. Edna M. 
er sr county home economics 
} agen i 
Mrs, Williams has arranged for 4 

tative of a large 
at Franklinton, near 


Monday a 
farmers interested in 


con, 
con- 
veg- 


* 


31 3 1 e ove 
os vag 2 
* Aer nes + Cae ee sneer, ia! 
8 5 „ — 7 „ * * 
> “> Ve ** 4 7 3 0. n 
„ Re) x ie, — — 1 5 » a 8 * * 12 72 
— ue 1 * >. Pe ee 3 * r 8 
. 7 ey - & 7 
5 7 . * 
83 P # ; “ 7 
‘ * 
1 
5 5 


canneries in Macon, and since the pea- 


ing him back to Savanah for trial on a 
charge of deserting his little child here wire 


art i 
92 
* 


“Sy a” 
8 * 


3 5 3 
3 3 Ee Se Ee | | 
* “ * * : 
* * 2 * 1 
; e . ; - 5 N * 


e er 
. ae * N SORBET PY a 


ee: 4 8 
n 


erry wai? os 


a” One, 5 1 5 fa 

gs . N 
¥x ¢3 > 1 wr 7 
- ra > * * 


ae 7 
— 
ve 


A 44 
ee . 
Si Be 
tae > ~ Fs 
7 2 4 — 
1 e C 


3 1 
1 


4 nn 
. Sine 
i a5 +a 
* — oe N 
. * 
7 


or 162 inhabitants per square mile. 

The increase in population for the 
county was 58 per cent, or far be- 
yond that of any other county in the 
state. Colquitt’s increase was 
Berrien’s 31.6, and Fulten’s 31.9. 

DeKalb has an urban population in 
the city of Atlanta of 11.632. 
farming of nig of DeKalb has in- 
creased — cent in ten years, and 
97.6 of the farming area is occupied. 
The city populaton is 17,514; and that 
of the country 26,337. . 

DeKalb is bounded: Northeast by 
Milton and Gwinnett, southeast by 
Rockdale, south by Henry and Clay: 
ter and west by Fulton. 

The extreme length of the county 
frcm north to south is 22 miles, and 
the extreme width from east to west 
18 miles. Its area is 272 square miles, 
containing 174,010 acres. 

The topography is a plateau, with 
isolated mounds, assuming the pro- 

rtions of mountains, as of Arabia. 

ine Chapel and Stone mountain, 
all ng rock outcroppings, the re- 
sult of erosion. Stone mountain 
j feet above the surrounding 
plain. 


The maximum recorded temperature 
is 100 degrees Fahrenheit, rarely 
reached; the lowest recorded tem- 


— 


autumn, 25 = 
The county contains 2 

tions of educa — 

Scott college, and Emory, Lanier and 

miles of 


48.2, | Oglethorpe universities. 


She has .more than 1,500 
public roads, over 35 miles 

ds. 

The state and county tax digest 
for 1921 shows tax returns to the 
value of about $20,700,000, being an 
— 228 ot more than $600,000 over 


Correcting 
A rumor is being ! 
effect that city manager has 
vocated doubling the taxes by rai 
the assessment. This part of. the city 
manager's report referring to the taxes 
and assessment reads as follows: 
Bond issues are limited by the as- 
sessment basis, and present asess- 
ments are on a basis of 57.5 per cent 
of the real value. The charter re 
quires an assessment ona basis of 100 
per cent, and if assessments 
were made according to this require- 
ment, several hundred tho of 
dollars of bond money could be made 
available for permanent improvements 


a Rumor. 2 
circtlated to 2 


and the tax rate could be lowered. 


Chamber to Vote 
On Valuation Plan 
And Soldier Bonus 


Atlanta will go on record Friday as 
to what she tuinks of the proposed 
soldier bonus bill and. the American 
valuation plan. Following receipt of 
a letter from the United States Gham- 
ber of Commerce, asking that the loca! 
chamber’s board of directors hold a 
referendum on these questions, the lo- 
cal executive committee, composed of 
the president and three vice presi- 
dents, at a meeting held in the Cham- 
ber building, voted to submit the ques- 
tions to the directors at the board 
meeting Friday afternoon at 12:30 


clock, 

The United States chamber will con- 
sider the expression of the board of di- 
rectors of the chambers of commerce 
throughout the country as the view 
each city represented holds. 

The executive committee also nomi- 
nated eight members of the 1922 board 
of reality of the chamber and these 
will be voted on at Friday’s meeting 
of the board. The realty board con- 
trols the Chamber of Commeree build- 
ing. , 

President Foote decided to devote 
three hours a day to. chamber of com- 
merce business at the first of the year, 
but stated Wednesday that three hours 
is hardly enough, He said that the 
business is increasing in magnitude, 
and that much longer hours are neces- 
sary to complete this work. 


Inquiries Received. 
As proof of the quantity of busi- 


ness the chamber is called upon to 


transact, President Foote presented a 
list of the average daily inquiries and 
requests received. The list, that is, 
Wednesday’s, includes: 

Rates of Blackman sanatarium: architect 
froin Collins, Ohio, desires to be put in touch 
with Atlanta architects; Commerctal Jour- 
nal ny desires booklets and historical 
data; wants to ‘furtish: wire makers with 
ire Making machines; automobile mechanic 
wants job; secure representatives in Atlanta 
or Bonce & Veeder, N. T.; names of cot- 
ton goods manufacturers; loaf bread. price 
and size of loaf for comparison with other 
cities; names of building contractors: sta- 
tistical data regarding Atlanta (referred to 
chamber of commerce for answer); literature 
concerning ‘climate, etc., from young lady 
who must have change. 

Arrangement for meals and taxi service 
for tourists on Ijidgeway special Pullman 
train; firm wishes to get in touch with 
chamber members manufacturing or deal- 
ing in supplies for construction of filtra- 
tion plant for Atlanta; invitation to send 
representativé to national conference of busi- 
ness men at Washington February 8-9: sey- 
eral requests for names of dealers in various 
things; produce, furniture, leather, ete.: 
secure market for carload of hogs; Dixie 
highway information; law schools of Atlanta; 
secure agent for Dazey Flower Holder com- 
pany in Atlanta; North Carolina Hospital 


their annual meeting; map of Atlanta, show- 
ing streets and places of interest; 
streets divide Atlanta east and west and 
north and south. 
Hable collection 


agency; several 


try; market for winter vegetables; unem- 
pert desires location here; dealer for all steel 
coat — inguiry regarding financial 
responsibility of various firms; firm wishes 
to put in touch with contractor laying 
cement preparation called terranzza; city 
telephone directory; copies of Atlanta pa- 
pers; real estate firm who might be inter- 
ested in purchase of western lands. 
Locate person who once lived in Atlanta; 
address of automobile dealer; data on sala- 
ries for salesmen of various industries for 
comparison; name of army and navy stores: 
of Atlanta man in market to lease hotel: 
name of marble dealer who might furnish 
marble dust for brick facing; information 
requested concerning . Tugalo. dam; request 


film companies who furnish on contract; 


name of tailor making Palm Beach suits 
sent direct to wearer. 


WATKINS, DISCUSSES 


Opponents of the Atlanta charter 


era’ principles, Councilman Edgar 
declared Wednesday in an address be- 
fore the Masonic club at its regular 
weekly luncheon. 


A careful study of the “Atlanta” 


as cumbersome as some of its erities 
would have it appear. Portions of the 
present charter pertaining to the plan- 
ning commission and the baby bond 
plan have been copied into the new 
form, he said, and with the-exception 
of that the new charter is brief, 

W. G. Mealor, past commander of 
the Masonic lodge at Gainesville, was 
present. In a brief talk to the ciub 


YOU CAN'T WORK 
WELL WITH A 


OBODY ‘Tikes. to 
person ering 
cold. It 


y 1 
and drive away irritating coughs. 
Use it—give it to the kiddies. Don’t 
suffer a minute longer than you have to. 
At all druggists. 30c 


he stated that organization of a Ma- 
sonie club in Gainesville is contex- 
plated. . 


WOMAN TAKES POISON; 


NOW OUT OF DANGER} 


Mrs. F. C. Adair, of 103 Formwalt 
street, was taken to Grady hospital 
early Wednesday for bichloride of 
mercury poisoning. She was report- 
ed to be out of danger later in the 
night. 

Mrs. Adair is said to have taken the 
poison dose in a spell of despondency. 
+ She has been in poor health for some 
time, it is stated. 


GEORGIA HIGHWAY 
PLAN DISCUSSED 


Confinued from First Page. 


EE 


amount of gasoline consumed, nor on 
the weight of the car. 
Paying 75 Per cent. 

Mr. Neel pointed out that the coun- 
ty units in Georgia are now paying 75 
per cent, or three-fourths of the cost 
of road construction and maintenance, 
and that the present Georgia road pro- 
gram called for a $7,500,000 a year 
expendisure, whereas, the Wisconsin 
board expected to spend $30,000,000 
in building trunk roads next year in 
that state. 

All of the states that are now plan- 
ning large highway, programs for 1922 
have had. constitutional amendments, 
as provided by special acts of congress, 
and will get federal aid, according to 
a talk made Wednesday afternoon by 
C. M. Babcock, commissioner of high- 
ways, Minnesota highway department, 
He urged that such southern and mid- 
dle western states, that had not taken 
advantage of the congressional act, to 
obtain federal aid for highway develop- 
ment, get busy and seek legislation 
looking towards their participation in 
this fund. 


The Georgia delegation, which num- 


bers 30, has attracted much attention 


on account of the fact that highway 
‘and state officials are working for a 
$75,000,000 bond issue for road-build- 
ing. ‘The state, county and municipal 
representatives from 
given an automobile ride over 200 


miles of good paving built in Cook 


county, Illinois, the county seat of 
which is Chicago. 

Illinois is the first state to issue 
bonds under the federal aid act, it 
was state, and the issue was for $60,- 
000,00. Georgia representatives de- 
clared that the highways in Cook 
county were unsurpassed in the United 
States. b 

Thomas H. McDonald, chief of the 


n 
3 
7 Wen ry 0 =. eS 9 


l 


MOTO EA 
om wait, 2 * 8 ner. 2 
ay „„ 
r 
8 1 3 71 
a 2 . ~*~ : 
* * 5 
N u ö 


of street H 
The | railways, and 55 miles of steam rail- 
— : 


sing | has attra 


Six afte $ 72 
= 28 * * N 
e 28 es - 


8 


* 


* > ae 5 ; 
Aes aR me ec 4 4 . . i 1 0 th 
8 " uv + 1 
. > . 2 1 ö n 
NT | OF n N 8 ie r 
29 4 » . : » 4 §. 1 = Se N 
„ . — nr 3 Dre 2 2 a 
By «i. ' : 9 Paes * n 2 ay 


og 13 
* ype * . N 
4 * . * * a — 

e 


a . chief engineer, North 


department, 


Upham 
— r fond of a State 


engi 
association, New Y¥ 
“G sthods of 
for Sheet t Mix- 
tures.” 


8 Poeun ake . 
seum e open 0 2 
show to view the $1,500,000 worth of 
8 machinery used in road - 


The federal exposition, under the di- 
rection of ernment experts, also 
throngs each day. One 
of the most interesting displays is 
that of a roadbuilder weighing more 


the Revels of 


MARDI-GRAS 


TOP over in New Orleans 

on your way to California 
and feast your eyes on the gor- 
geous spectacle of MARDI- 
GRAS, that famous carnival 
which started more than two 
centuries ago. Bea 

From February 26th to 28th you 
can join in all the carefree revels of 
Rex, Lord of Misrule, and enjoy the 
marvelous pageant of the Mistick 
Crewe of Comus—the gorgeous dis- 
play of purple and gold—the beauti - 
ful floats—the fun and revelry. 

Visit the old French quarter 
dine at famous restaurants and en- 
joy the quaint ways and byways ot 
this Gateway to the Golden South · 
west. J 


Sunset Route 


b California 


Every mile a scene worth while 


SUNSET LIMITED San Antonio 
San Diego San Francisco 


New Orleans 


Los Angeles 


Car and other comforts of modern travel. Daily Through Tourist Sleeping Car 
Service between Washington, D. C. and San Francisco. Through Sleeping Car three 


Georgia were 


days a week in each direction between New Orleans and California via Globe. 

Arizona, affording convenient service for the side trip to ROOSEVELT DAM or 

the 120-mile detour by automobile over the entire length of the APACHE TRAIL. 
Connecting at Yuma with the San Diego and Arizona Ry. for San Diego 


For Information and Literature, also details 
, regarding personally conducted tours, address 


SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES 


D. Asbury, General Agent 


Healey Building, Atlanta, Ga, Telephone Ivy 4889 


association requests chamber to advise sur- 
gical supply houses of Atlanta regarding | 


what | 
Sears-Roebuck company wants name of re- | 
requests 
for cotton materials and samples, together 
with literature from schools over the coun- 


ployment situation; landscape designing ex- 


for blanks used in city and county tax; 


GET YOUR. 


FREE 


$1.00 PACKAGE OF | 
GENUINE YEAST 
VITAMINE TABLETS 
TODAY 
as explained below. Cut out 
and use Free Coupon. Good 
for five days. 


THESE ARE GU 
TO BE THE GENUINE 
YEAST VITAMINE 


TABLETS 
prepared from the original 
formula of Dr. Catrin of the 
Faculty of Medicine of Paris. 


4 


plan have raised no specific objections > 
but have merely offered criticism be- 
cause they oppose the charter on gen- | 


plan, he said, will show that it is not 


Good Firm Flesh 


Do You Wish To Increase Your Weight and Energy and 
Obtain a More Beautiful Skin and lexion 


Hundreds Of Thousands Are Taking Yeast Vitamines— They May Be 
Just What You Need—Get a Free $1.00 Package of Genui 
Yeast Vitamine Tablets From Your Today  . 
w. Try Them For 


as Explained , 
Ten Days and Watch The Results 


With the discovery of this remarkable nutrition substance, science has at last shown why 


- PROPOSED CHARTER ; we sometimes grow weak, thin and emaciated on an abundance of food (lacking in Vita- 4 4 
I 


mines), while with a much smaller amount of food, rich in Vitamines, we may quickly 
take on good firm flesh, increase in weight and make a remarkable gain in strength, energy, 


and endurance, provided of course 


that our blood contains a sufficient 


Watkins, advocate of charter reform, | 


that an enormous number of people are 
deficient in hemogoblin or iron con- 
tent in the blood stream, and this is 
the real underlying cause of a thin, 

tion 


3 


sults. It js not the fault of the Vitam 
it is the fault of your blood. The 
in your blood takes up o 


I 
1 
err! 


a 


f 


ith 


i 


2 3 * 


* 
= 
oe SN Nele wy 
a 
, MOE OS YOY 
Ae a 
. . 


n 
tae re . * 
* . * * 5 
n 
. 0 
x 
AAA Ans . + 
N “ 
ro ow 
* 
* 


~ 
i. 

SO a 

a 


RY ARERR 
Wan 
8 


222 

Anat A 

7 enue. 
. 2 


‘ 


: |i 


. 
* * * 


IE 


ae 4 
4 or bad 


; . ' 2 8 

tg SOR : : 

3 5 
* att 


MPs 


4 


‘s 


a 


9 


over a mild, sunny route all the way. Observation C Through Dining , ¢@ 


a 
¢ 


Would You Like a More 
Beautiful Rounded Out , 
Face and Figure With 


* 


@* 


2 
— 
7 


As Tribute to Honored Dzad 


5 iy in Davis and Sapp 
e Case Is Still 
Out. 


Cochran, Ga., January 18.— (Spe- 
einl.)— With the jury in the case of 


Tonnie Davis and Avery Sapp, charged 
with murdering Alvin Roland, still | 


out, court toda ay occupied with 
the trial of L. Nesmith, under in- 
dictment for the murder of C. S. 
Heuth in the Cochran stockards last 
November. 

The chief testimony introduced by 
the state was to the effect that when 
a deputy sheriff went to the stock- 
yards to levy on some hogs owned by 


Nesmith, Heath was met by the de | 


fendant and told that “he had no busi- 
ness there.” Nesmith approached 
Heath and fired six times, four bul- 
lets taking effect, as the latter fought 
prevent the shooting, it was testi- 


fied 


The two men were brothers - in- l w- 


and were not on friendly terms, it was 
stated. The shooting caused much ex- 
citement here. C. A. Weddington, 


+ well-known south Georgia attorney, 


4° 


* 


* 


7 
* 


and W. A. Wooten Tipton are repre- 
senting the defendant, while Solicitor- 
General E. D. Graham and L. O. 
Whipple are the prosecutors. 

Davis and Sapp are accused of 
8 Roland to death last Decem- 
er 
7 oclock last night. 


ATLANTA RADIO CLUB 


WILL MEET SATURDAY 


Members of the Atlanta Radio club 
will hold their semi-monthly meeting 
Saturday night at S o'clock in the 
town hall of the Chamber of Commerce 
building. All persons interested in 
radio work have been invited to at- 
tend. 


The case went to the jury at 


| NEED 
MONEY 
SHOE 
SALE 


1,000 PAIRS IN- 
CLUDED IN THIS 
SALE TO GO FOR-- 


$ F.00 


A 
PAIR 


VALUES, $10 


I know you like to 
buy for 


150 price 


AND THAT IS 
WHAT WE ARE 
SELLING OURS 
FOR. 


Another 1,000 Pairs 


to go for— 
7~ 


$A .50 
A PAIR 


and 
Cordovans, Scotch 
Grains, Calf Skins, 
etc., i in all the want- 


ed shades and latest 
| styles, 


“Your Dollar 


$$$ $$ 


Counts Here.” 
SALE 
Starts Today 


AIRHEART 


SHOE COMPANY 


0 ee ns 


"lag! Rai: d 


Photo by Price. 


7 — —o 


nae 


Georgia 1 ‘ec 


yet * 


+ 8 


1 


| 


x the Atlanta „ association, 


| company, 


i ; : 4 1 
1 * * 5 
4 : 0 
5 1. 
7 ? * of 
W 7 


taly ‘mecting. of 


1 K 


At the regular mon 
ut the Kimball house Wednesday eve- 
ning, space was drawn for the Great 
Southern Automobile show, to be held 
at the Auditorium Februray 11 to 18, 
inclusive. The opinion is held by 
the dealers that this will be the big- 
gest automobile show ever held in the 
<outh, as present indications are that 
it will far surpass the excellent show 
here last year. 

Lon Credelle und Dawse Donaldson 
were officially confirmed as vice presi- 
dent and secretaty, respectively, of 
the association, representing the 
equipment body which was recently 
merged with the automobile associa- 
tion. 

Approximately three hundred auto- 
mobile and equipment men were pres- 
ent at this meeting to see a mer- 


“TO LOCAL FREIGH? 
BUREAU TONIGHT 
Joseph B. Eastman, member ot the 
interstate commerce commission, will 
be the — aaah on guest and the main speak- 
er at the twentieth annual meeting 
of the Atlanta freight bureau Thurs-} 
day night at 6: o'clock in the 
Piedmont hotel. R. Rosenbaum, r- 
man of the bureau’s board of dil directors. 

will preside, and will speak also. 
The meeting is slated to be the big- 
gest and best that the bureau has 
ever held. More than 200 members 
of the bureau will attend, and among 


the guests will be the state railroad 
commissioners of seven southern states 


who are in convention here, and also i 


W. V. Hardie, director of the bureau 
of traffic of the interstate commerce | 
commission. 

Other features of the mecting will 
be the election of the members of the 
board of directors for 1922, and the 
annual report of the treasurer, J. 
Bachman, and the secretary, Harry 
T. Moore. The dinner will be neid on 


chandising and service film prepared 


ment association, and shown here 


the main floor of the Piedmont, and 


by the National Automotive Ver, will be informal. 


through the courtesy and expense of 
Ozburn-Abston & company 
automotive equipment 
Atlanta. 

A hearty appreciation of the mes- 
sage which the film, and the talk made 
by E. H. Baughman, manager of 
Ozburn-Abston & Co., was evidenced 
by a prolonged cheering and hand- 
clapping by the entire assembly. 

W. W. Mitchell, manager of the 
Atlanta branch of the Ford Motor 
in a talk made to the deal 
Ford sales in the 
Atlanta branch, 


stated that 
under. the 


ers, 
territory 


for 1921. exceeded 1920 by approxi- 


os | mately 


Sak | Mrs. W illiam W. 
b * som ag 


eS Central Presbyterian church by Rev. 


charge 
* > ; 


FLAG-RAISING SCENE AT GEORGIA TECH. 


With a full array of the Georgia 
Tech R. O. T. C. on parade, the fiag 
raising ceremonies honoring the mem- 
ory. of the. sons of Georgia Tech who 
gave their lives during the world war, 
were singularly impressive. The ex- 
ercises began promptly at 3 o'clock 
Wednesday afternoon, when the Tech 
regiment assembled on the campus in 
front of the administration building. 

“Lest We Forget” day was fittingly 


| by the limitation of armaments, 


celebrated by the unfurling of the 
flag for which the students of the in- 
stitution made the supreme sacrifice 
during the recent conflict. After the 
command, “present arms,” had been 
given, the 617 rehabilitation. students 
at Tech lined on either side of the 
stadium, accompanied by the members 
of the Atlanta post, of the American 
Legion. 

Seated on the platform were the 
officers of the Tech R. O. T. C. staff 
and of the fourth corps area, and 
prominent citizens of Atlanta. 

Major Pendleton Speaks. 
The Rev. C. B. Wilmer, pastor of 


St. Luke’s Episcopal church, gave the 
invocation, after which Major A. L. 


Pendleton addressed the gathered as- 


sembly. Speaking of the honored dead, 
Major Pendleton said: 

“They responded to the severest and 
extremest demands of war and left us 
the heritage of peace. Only when we 
dedicate ourselves to the problems of 
peace and solve them, as they solved 
the problems of war, may we appro- 
priately honor those who gave their 
lives in the great conflict. 

„Peace will never be assured 3 
21 - 
though the reduction of armaments is 
a wise move, politically and economi- 
eally. Men will fight until they are 
educated not to fight. ‘Peace hath its 


COLDS THAT 


DEVELOP INTO 
PREUMONIA 


Chronic coughs and persistent colds 
lead to serious lung trouble. You 
can stop them now with Creomulsion, 
an emulsified creosote that is pleas- 
ant to take. Creomulsion is a new 
medical discovery with twofold ac- 
tion; it soothes and heals the inflamed 
membranes and kills the germ, 

Of all known drugs, creosote is rec- 
ognized by the medical fraternity as 
the greatest healing agency for the 
treatment of chronic coughs and colds 
and other forms of throat and lung 
troubles. Creomulsion contains. in 
addition to cresote, other healing ele- 
ments which soothe and heal the in- 
flamed membranes and stop the irri- 
tation and inflammation, while the 
creosote goes on to the stomach, is 
absorbed into the blood, attacks the 
seat of the trouble and destroys the 
germs that lead to consumption. 

Creomulsion is guaranteed satisfac- 
tory in the treaßment of chronic 
coughs and colds, bronchial asthma, 
ecatarrhal bronchitis and other forms 
of throat and lung diseases, and is ex- 
cellent for building up the system 
after colds or the flu. Money re- 
funded if any cough or cold, no mat- 
ter of how long standing, is not re- 
lieved after taking according to direc- 
tions. Ask your druggist. Creomul- 
sion Co., Atlanta. Ga.—(adv.) 


ä 


PLUTO 

WATER 

‘America’ 
Physi c 


7 Edgewood Ave. | 


2 
1 5 
mt. 


2 0 * 

. mi oF ~ 
r es N 
ee a 8 i. a ö 

5 3 1888 . thy 

* , n me z 

7 5 N * tis 857 7 

N q 


| 


j 


; 3 in he 


building, 8 


problems no less than war.“ Let us 
strive for a satisfactory solution of 
the problems of peace. 

Major Pendleton entered a plea for 
the disabled veterans of the war, and 
asked that they be given the praise, 
encouragement and assistance of a 
grateful nation. 

“To the Colors” Sounded. 

Following this address, the bugles 
sounded the notes of To the Colors,” 
after which the band played the “Star- 
Spangled Banner,“ while the military 
stood at salute and the spectators with 
uncovered heads, as far above the 
crowd rose the national emblem, flut- 
tering in the breeze. A salute of 48 
guns was fired by the Tech battery 
of artillery. 

Following the review of the Tech 
regiment of the R. O. T. C., the bene- 
diction was pronounced by Rev. R. 0. 
Flinn, pastor of North Avenue Presby- 
terian church. 

The new flagpole, which now stands 
in the center of the quadrangle, is the 
gift of C. E. Peters, J. W. Akers and 
Captain J. W. English, and was efrect- 
ed through the courtesy of the South- 
ern Bell Telephone company. ‘The 
flag itself is the gift. of Mrs. Homer 
V. Jones, whose son, a Tech graduate, 
made an enviable record in the serv- 
ice. 


MOREHOUSE GLEE 
CLUB. WILL GIVE 
CONCERT JAN. 26 


Old plantation songs and melodies 
which have long been favorites in the 
south for generations will be featured 
at the annual concert of the More- 
house College Glee club and orches- 
tra at the Auditorium Thursday eve- 
ning, January 26. Florence Cole- 
Talbert, winner of the diamond medal 
at the Chicago Musical college and 
leading negro soprano will appear as 
soloist. The concert will be given 
under the direction of Kemper Har- 
reld. 

For the last twelve years the More- 
house college glee club nas sung in 
an annual engagement in Atlanta and 
the concerts have attracted wide at- 
tention. The close harmony of the 
— chorus in the melodies of the 
old? plantation have won nation-wide 
aphroval. Director Harreld an- 
novfnced Wednesday that tne program 
thi@ year probably will be the most 
pleasing ever arranged at the col- 
lege. 

Proceeds derived at the concert will 
go toward a fund being raised so that 
the college can benefit from a $10,000 
fund proffered the college provided it 
be matched with $5,000 raised locally. 

The Chicago soprano engaged as 
soloist is one of the foremost ‘negro 
singers in the country and possesses 
n voice of rare sweetness as well as a 
wonderful range. An orchestra of 
thirty pieces will play the accompani- 
ments. 

Tickets are on sale at the Cable 
Piano Co., Hopkins Book Concern, 
Butler Street Y. M. C. A. and More- 
house college. Seats are 25 and 50 
cents and reserved seats 75 cents and 
all funds going to the college. 


HABEAS CORPUS WRIT 
FILED BY PRISONER 


Louis Herman, an inmate of the 
Atlanta federal prison, Wednesday 
filed a writ of habeas corpus in the 
office of O. C. Fuller, clerk of the 


United States district court for the 


northern district of Georgia. Herman 
alleges: unlawful imprisonment in the 
2 prison by J. E. Dyche, war- 


n. . 
The basis on which Herman bases 
his ‘petition is that the act on which 
he was indicted, conspiracy to violate 
the national prohibition act, was com- 
mitted before the act came into oper- 
ation 

On. May 18, 1920, Herman was put 
on trial, convicted and sentenced to 
two years’ imprisonment in the At- 
lanta federal prison, and to pay a $500 
fine, for violation of section 37 of the 
criminal code of the United States, 
relating to conspiracy to violate the 
national prohibition act. | 


ATLANTA UNITY CLUB 
HOLDS MEETING TODAY 


Members of the Atlanta Unity club, 


hie tong of 1 of all denomi- 


monthly 


aiternoon — — 
32 — W. 
The Universalist 


rama 


, 
i 
„ 


40 per cent. while December 
i sales showed an inerease of more than 
100 per cent. The national average 
increase in Ford sales for 1921 was 
approximately 28 per cent, according 
to Mr. Mitchell. 


GIRL COMPANIONS 
TO BE PALLBEARERS 
FOR MISS MILLS 


Funeral services for Miss Mary E. 
Mills, aged 15, daughter of Mr. and 
Mills, of 2 
be conducted at 
afternoon at 


a: 30 
the 


will 
clock Thursday 
13. R. Lac 
7 will follow in West View | 
cemetery, with Greenberg & Bond in 
Miss Mills died at the res- 
dence Tuesday. 
_ Pallbearers will be Misses May 
Cronin, Sarah Dean Ford, Margaret 
Keys, Maybelle Miller, Mary Frances 
Pittman and Jane Dedmon. 


SERVICES ON FRIDAY 


FOR MRS. OLLIE SMITH | 


Funeral services for Mrs. Ollie K. 
Smith, wife of G. Fred Smith, superin- 
tendent of Tallulah Falls power sta- 
tion of the Georgia Railway and 
Power company, and who died at St. 
Joseph’s infirmary Wednesday morn- 
ing, will be conducted at 2:30 o’clock 


Friday afternoon in the chapel of 
Barclay & Brandon. The place of 
interment will be announced later. 

Besides her husband. * Smith is 
survived by a brother, C. K. High, ot 
Cape Charles, Va. 


whoiesa e 
dealers ot WHITE PROVISION 


COMPANY TO HOLD 
ANNUAL MEETING 


The annual meeting of the stock- 
holders of the White Provision com- 
pany will be held at 11 o'clock Thurs- 
day morning, January 26, according 
to an announcement made by W. 
White, Jr., president of the company, 
who also ‘iasued invitations to all 


stockholders to attend a luncheon in 


the company’s cafe immediutely after 
the meeting. A tour of inspection of 
the plant will be made at this time. 
Mr. White stated that the annual 
report of the company will show a 
splendid. business for the past year. 


volume, and the biggest gu in in the 
number of hogs slaughtered in any one 
near in the history of the company. 


Tue report, it is said, will indicate the 1 
development 


trend of live stock 
throughout the state. 


51 Central“ 


up colds « 


tingling circulation that keeps the 
it up, while its healthy vapors soothe 


rub—don’t bandage—just let it pene- 
trate. All druggists—35c, 700, $1.40. 


| 


When you feel! 
a cold coming 
on, put plenty of Sloan's Liniment 


| on your throat, chest and back just | 
before going to bed. It starts warm, 


| 


. ee ae 5 
4 * 2 4 
2 . ae cs. 8 1 _ 
» 7 — 97 3 be r 2 
1 22 * „. 
— 
‘ + 


33 
. OL LA south, were 


discussed at thering of a number 
of — ey ethodists at the Pied- 
mont hotel The meeting 


was presided over y Rush Barton, 
editor of The Lavonia Times. Among 
those present were Dr. W. B. Bean- 
— lay leader of the M. E. church, 
south, and Dr. R. L. Russell, in 
charge of the department of ‘erangel- 
ism, both of Nashville. 


1 ; : oak 2 * tevin Se ae oa 5 ö 
11 4 * = , — €, . AY 
—ſ — a 
8 services for James A. Seott, 


. of 


widely-known planter of Newton coun- 
ty, who died in a private hospital | 
Tuesday night, will be conducted 
Thursday afternoon at the home of 
his brother, William Scott, in Rock- 
dale county. Mr. Scott had been ill 
for six weeks. He was 64 years old. 
Mr. Scott had large land holdings in 


Newton, «Rockdale and DeKalb conun- | orchestra, 


* 
1 


ties. 


program. 


Members of the Interelvie cum et 
will be guests of the Civitan club Fr 
day at its weekly luncheon. ¥ r 
sentatives of the Kiwanis, Rotary s 


Lions’ club will be present. 
Leide, director of the Howard 
has arranged a mt 


11. 


exceeding previous years in point of | 


cold from “settling” and helps break || 


and clear the lungs and throat. Don’t | 


The Suits: 
voung . 


models. 


men’s 


Caritons 


Gor. Quality.and Value 


Values to $40 


26 50 36 50 


* 


Men's and 
styles, 
sport and conservative 
Sizes for men 
of every build. Big va- 
riety to choose from. 


arlton Shoe & Clothing Co. 


UITS and O’COATS 


Values to $60 


The finest hand- tailored clothing cut to the 
core for final clearance. 
has been the response to this extraordinary 
achievement in qualities and values. ‘These 
Suits and Overcoats are appealing to men 
who have already 
rounds without f inding anything to equal 


them in value. 


Most gratifying 


madé the shopping 


Overeoats: Big 
Ulsters and 
Chesterfields in Ox- 
ford grays, browns, 
mixtures. Many of 
handsome imported re— 
versible and herring- 
bone fabrics. 


The 


roomy 


36 Whitehall St. 


2 


Table 


Madeira Napkins. 


Beautiful linen with 


3 Madeira Laas 
re Substantially Reduce 


For the 


January White Sale 


Linens 


Madeira Plaque Sets. Charmingly new 


exquisite handwork. 


Tea Napkins, 14x14 inches, scalloped, 
with designs in corner. Especially fine 
values at $12.50 dozen. Now reduced 
ere ß,. 


Tea Napkins, 14x14 inches, plain rose 
point scallop. . Fine $10.00 Napkins 
at 00 


Tea Napkins, 


14x14 inches, scalloped, 
with embroidery in corner. Handsome 


designs at $16.50 dozen. Reduced 
4 SR ES 8 aS wees ca ee 


Madeira Lunch Sets. Lovely sets, slight- 
ly soiled, are quite substantially re- 


duced. 


13-Piece Set, plain scalloped, 6 6-inch 
mats, 6 11-inch mats, 1 24inch center. 


$8.75 sets, reduced to..........$5.95 


13-Piece Set, attractively embroidered: 
6 6-inch, 6 11-inch mats, 1 24-inch cen- 
ter. $11.50 sets, reduced to......$7.75 


13-Piece Set, very prettily embroidered: 
6 each of 6 and 11-inch mats and one 


24-inch center. 812. 50 sets, reduced 
007 SR ESI Se RS ee 


13-Piece Sets, very handsomely em- 
broidered; 6 each of 6 and 12-inch 


mats and a 27-inch center. $18.50 sets, 


ee eee 13.50 


and effective a long table center run- 
ner and six mats sufficiently large to hold 


plate, silver and glass. 


Plaque Sets of 19x54-inch runner and 6 
12x18-inch place mats. All beautifully 
hand-embroidered. 


$25.00 Plaque sets, reduced 
$39.00 Plaque sets, reduced 


13-Piece Plaque Sets—runner, 
and 12 place mats, 12x18. 


$35.00 sets, reduced ..........$27.50 
$37.50 sets, reduced ..........$29,00 


Madeira Bridge Sets. Most attractive 
novelty—lovely Madeira linen and em- 
broidery—45x45 table cover with cut cor- 
ners and 4 beautiful napkins to match. 


$19.50 sets reduced to .........$14.50 


Madeira Lunch Cloths. All beautiful 
examples of fine Madeira hand work. 


45x45-inch round cloths— 


$25.00 to $30.00, reduced... 
to 


54x54- inch round cloths— 
82 50 to $23.50, reduced. 


to 


. 818.75 
831.50 


18x45, 


.$16.50 
.$18.50 


.$14.75 
817.80 


72. inch round cloth 


$34.50 to $49.50, reduced... 


Wh wicarg'e Uo gael ee o VED bw Ed 05 


875.00 Cloth, 


821.50 twin bed sheets, 72x 


Bed Linens 


Just to look at these beautiful linens, so exquisitely wrought by skilled fingers in embroidery and 
cut work, will give real pleasure to the home-keeper—pleasure greatly enhanced by the knowledge 
that such beautiful things are to be had at such unusually low prices! 

We cordially invite inspection. 


| Madeira Dinner Cloths—These large 


sizes may be used either as dinner cloths 
or bed spreads. Very fine linens and 


exquisite embroidery. 


$59.50 Cloth, 72x90 inches, reduced $41.00 
$65.00 Cloth, 72x90 inches, reduced $53.50 
72x90 inches, reduced $62.50 
$77.50 Cloth, 90x108 inches, reduced $69.00 
$95.00 Cloth, 90x108 inches, reduced $75.00 


Embroidered Bed Spreads. Hemstitched and 
beautifully embroidered. May be used as 
dinner cloths. 
$37.50 Spreads, 
to 

$45.00 Spreads, 


72x100 inches, reduced 


72x100 inches, reduced 


829.50 


$50.00 Spreads, 72x 100 inches, reduced 
W ðVL( 0 


HEMSTITCHED BED LINENS 


Pillow Cases, 22 14x36 inches 
$2.85 the pair, reduced ............$2.45 
$6.75 the pair, reduced .. —ðr . 8.30 


Pillow Cases, hand- embroidered and hem- 
stitched, 22 14x36 inches 

$10.00 the pair, reduced ...........$7.50 
$15.00 the pair, reduced ..........$12.50 


Hemstitched Linen Sheets. Pine, heavy, round 
thread, full bleached Irish linen. 


$18.50 twin bed sheets, 72x100, pair 818.80 


$19.50 twin bed sheets, 72x100, pair $14.95 
50, pair $16.75 
$24.50 double sheets, -90x108, pair. ETS 
$27. 50 double dete n Wr eee: 


” 
SS 
* 


— 


* * 3 Wis: Dee es — 7 
e eee eee eee ee 


wd oft 


"a K : * VV. „ 
PPP 


an 
rie. 


* 7 
* 


M 4 a ae 1 
N r CTT 
7 * * 7 
x n e R FF r 


* Se 
¥ 
© eos 


a es 


* — * n 


eee 48 33 


1 « 3 
41 


4 


, 
7 wy ” 9 * 5 ~ 7 a * 
+ * kus Wy — ” . * od * 1 ’ CA te ag : > 1 are Oz * - Ax? 8 2 8 3 
8 2 . * 5 ' 1 3 7 ye had 7 rd 2 Use bi * tr 7 1 222 e 
3 af yf ati * * x 4 * * oe vets * 1 * 8 = 122 U iL * 3 * fa yee *. „ . 
i : N 5 * N dwt as Br 5 1 . : > dames nal MS Pc wg . 8 iby = ee cee et 
. te 7 N > * 3 Se n 2 2 Nee N 1 een 7 2 
3 J. 1 1 — Ss ces e oe eae ce |, . . o 
a PS ES dan TR ß ae Ste 3 ite it 
* 3 4 e Ar * . W 199 fy 
1 * 5 22 8938 
2 4 7 — fs . 
- ‘ > = 1 2 er 4 
e ? 2 e. . 5 * . 
mY RS 2 3 ä f 


1 of A ye ae 


1 * ca 4 3 * 
“> Jus we Se 
F 8 - . 1 N te *** 
U 8 . N W 5 f 9 : 2 
2 W 8 1 . 2 oan 7555 . 8 Ber, aes . Sa 1 Sor 
4 © r 1 e * toe 8 20 ren 

* cae bd s . oe 1 5% a J 1 ‘ 5 7 Se 

2 1 r rag “i n * aks V es ’ 3 
* 8 e 4 1 


a? * 
N 


* e 


S 


: 8 
N 


5 5 . 
sine is da i ala el N 
tak 1 Ns N. on oe. oe 2 . 5 . * a 
PS ee ae Te Rar ee OPES Vere 2 AD Nd Orin 8 
n „ 9 * ‘ D n 


een 
ee 


era ned 3 ‘ rs per 
ANG Ree F n 


* 4 1 * wo : 
4 RW 3 
? 42 8 8 4 0 — 2 as 
~~. 5 N a E r 


* 
e n 


oc 8 2 * 6 
R e S * * 5 % 3 N 
6 + he ee Mis ‘ 4 . 8 1 rt ayn 7 <a , Se 8 * * sig it 1 85 — 
pi . “ Se * A Beer ee ae 2 70 ee 1 
1 tee Bias . . ö N 3 te 2 ae N FRO er:, 


N a ee . ee eS See a tn * 8 _ . — : ee — N r 8 a eee 
St thee | 2 SRG oe RENEE e ü Ui 3 1 — r. — . * e e —— : POOR ATE — ä äauX1—G—— — — — — — 


en Fifty Years Ago, My Lads] “What the Idea? She Was Ae Fang Down 
ume tiree gee eel | Resurrected from die 1872 Files of 1 e Term, » Wasn't She? _ | | 


The lecture tonight by Judge 5 . f THE ATLANTA CONSTITUTIO’? 
Williams, who is a former justice ig 
N U BY FUZZY WOODRUFF 


of the supreme court of Tennessee, 

and who has just returned from a : | 
protracted visit to Wngland, will) Jy gay | The Mannequins of And Probably Is 
certainly be well worth hearing. | Ff dreams | before| The Male Shop. To This Good Day. 


, “Among the many stylish ts 
MARKED FOR SLAUGHTER! ef IP ages prevent at . 
The probability is that in sub- ma urneyed | Go. iced thet the yo at Lowe & 
mitting to congress Henry Ford's — Jacob Steinheimer — 


. tor a) 1 - ? : re The Antiquities of E 
e = . The Bell House. wich point lace. David ve 
sends it death. The Calico house is one of the land- boy stood on one side of 


It is no secret that the fertilizer „ Where the corn orks of Atlanta. It is u noted fea.| An Steinheimer 
and water-power interests are b i” ty the — — It was built and is now owned Mayer on the other. 


7 rons fields of downy white— Marcus A. Bell. For some time it 
art opposed to the Ford enter n 2 ont. has has been mn kept as a boarding house by 
prise. For months they have been I adrift to dream-built palaces to- Mrs. S., having “gives 


„lohbying' the administration and night! it — 298 “Mr, Bell is now fitting f up —— was gives dt Concordia halk 


tedged style. It will be a first- 
floodi the country with propa- Governor 2 ex-Governor Brown 
ng propa The fragrant smoke up eurls, = boarding house.” Ind lady, Ree Br. Wills, D. D., Judge 


ganda adverse to the government | And guests, rich-raimented, around me Erskine, Judge Law 


— in d ith the Detro throng a renee, 
Sei ae ie be ate ot Tih the Detroit) ‘The tinkling sandals of the dancing nbn Double 888 baer - Ge e n, Jones. and 
3 rneir relationship to the admin- I 1 mandolins, and moonlight. S ag ae 33 — 4 — ——— 1 


444 Gundey aie. istration is a matter subject, more * first district demonstrates the press-| presence. Dancing was an attractive 
— dual The l of old day ng need for the immediate construc- | part of the program and many took 
or less, to individual conclusions ne lovers ys 

„ BR. HOLLIDAY, Constitution Building, ‘ Sing now their sweetest. lays tin of at least two new school build- an active 8 it, wine and all the 
ad v 7 manager for all territory | based upon past history. At many a lattice, where— ings of equal capacity with those luxuries of life were dispensed with a 
— sa It looks as though the submis- 3 Fair as a rose is fair, 22 0 The * 4 5 —j— bens by — _ i — 
The Constitution — ee at | thei l -] h ould at once rent suitable buildings | Mayer, who exten o all cordia 
‘os Raleigh Hotel. James Boller. sion of the Ford bid to congress | pon — wn enen Chay for teaching the pupils that can not welcome. It was an occasion long to 
5 —— e agro was timed, with its death in view. af ae be received into the schools.” , be remembered by all present.” 

1 * on sale in New | Ford was contesti ’ May no rude footfall mar 
| after issue. 7 King Neuber e rare insign of the dream-wreath- 


rs ia city by 2 p. m. the day af 
725 | By * ae Ne 22 right to a seat in the senate; and 4 ed mist! Atlanta are nervous wrecks and are 


ee ‘building "on corner ts News Agency, et the whole country knows how bit-| The Night is dark, but I can dream Comer Replies unwilling to stay at home after dark 
* 2 Park, 2 Grand — ter that contest 2 1 a — a 7 1 5 without PR, ape protector in the 
ae The Constitution ig not responsible fer Up to the very és : t th ' In Morning skies of shadowtess ame- 0 tnourn 1 ay pens Mah ¢ Ml Br toys fs — 
Sg eg, Jer 11 local er- 8 3 N i 5 ~ e voting thyst: On Freight Rates || inals is to enforce the law, and not 
— Fos |" "Intmodiately it wae settle I slimpes the perfect skics-— : CCC 
re, . mne Dawa, like a dweetheart a eyes, The Constitution published sever- It is remarkable that since Du- 
> titled the use of publication of ali news vote in favor of Newberry and ad- And Sorrow’s solemn song. al days ago a letter from E. T / 
a credited to d or 0 to. the clai Heard of my heart so long !— 8 * 1. Pre has been captured we have had 
in thie paper, and — the een verse to the claim of the contest- Takes golden wing and out the} Comer, president of the Comer plan - no killings in Atlanta, which is 
: ant—settled by the narrow margin window flies! tations of Millhaven, Ga., to Chair- unusual, considering the fact that a 


man C. M. Candler, of the Georgia | homicide has been reported almost 


* 2 _ HUNTING FOR A HA VEN, of five votes—responsibility for My corncob pipe— forgive! railroad ommisst ; every day for quite some time past. 
From all appearances Emma making final decision with refer- Old friends are best and dearest, after freight Pe Reer ee 3 I trust that if uny sympathy is to 


ence to the Ford Mu all; : be engéndered by the press that it 
Goldman and Alexander ‘Berkman, . d ssel Shoals But who in cabined poverty would uets as 4 prerequisite to the re- „nl be for the letims of such des- 
who were banished from American 


project was unloaded by Weeks liv establishment of agriculture on 4|.neradoegs and not for the despera- 
and the whole thing was dumped | When rich dreams at a golden porta] | prosperous basis. does themselves. 
. soil because they hated the gov- into the welter and ruck of con- call? This letter was answered by W. I am sure there are a great many 
— and conspired with its gress! Rat when thice dreams shall fede A. Winburn, president of the Cen- people in Atlanta who feel about 
enemies to wreck it, stand a soo more of r In, arple fine arayed— eer imad v. etn “4 Boras F 7 rg Bk, 
chan . , * 5 ow Memory will hold reply was publishe y The Con- 
ce of spending the remainder terly attacked. The glamor of their gold stitution. ped — poe 1 13 


col their unhappy days in hunting That would be the case regard- And thank the gift. gods for the Mr. Comer has answered President | breakdown of the forces which must 


dor a haven, ; less of the Merits or the short- WY AN 1 L. STANTON, WInburn'a setter as follows: F 


They were sent to Russia from comings of the plan per se for the A a n Replies to Winburn. a WILLI AM F. BUCHANAN, 
here; but they soon found them- simple reason that Ford has bitter Speeding Them Up. ne Gon aeeeeee os Pree e 


f ur. W. A. Winburn, President Cen- Atlanta, Ga., January 18, 1922. 
Selves unwanted even there. personal and political enemies in{ ‘The Clarkesville 5 1S! tral of Georgia Ranroag, Savannah, 


f the law's it gi 1 
A news dispatch says that after the senate as well as outside of it; — Gr WENN s delay, and it gives Ga—My | Dear Mr. Winburn: a, 1 e, 
“Yi, 


‘trying vainly to find a country with and their bitterness has been only stant with a great deal of interest ) 
: “Backward, turn backward, , ‘ HEALTH TALKS | 
gates open to them they have at heightened by the Ford-Newberry O time, in your flight, n fsa cnn BY WILLIAM BRADY, M. D. 


last reached Stockholm, Sweden, | controversy. With een — ing Dat; little’ money wader the | : — . MAYBE IT’S A CONSERVATIONISTS PLOT BUT IT DOESN'T LOOK IT. 


where, accompanied by Alexander] It may be that Ford's enemies oe „4 „4 „ most favorable circumstances, and| BRAN, NUTRITIOUS FOOD. * * 
1 Shapiro, another government-hat- in the senate, even including New- Doesn't See the Joke. the southern railroads are making The material which enters our blood : 9 


— 


‘ nothing on account of the high op- : 

ing “red,” they are now. berry himself, are big enough and nA 2 critic—as noted in The erating cost they have to pay. , when ‘age eat white bread does not The Aryan Way— 
t this does not mean that patriotic enough to forget the Ford | Kansas City Star—complains that the “What I do want to accentrfate uren US adequately. Especially is i 3 

est personality in their deliberations | dueen in the moving picture, “A Con-| is the fact that the framer can not white bread an inadequate food for The Cow-Man 

Sweden has offered them a refuge necticut Yankee in King Arthur’s} are, d to pay the tariff and live at child. si al : ) Georgia’s Way Out 

dor a permanent place of abode, for upon the Mussel Shoals enterprise, | Court,” wore long kid gloves and dis tite present prices for which he has nave been removed be ine ine ee 

3 Sweden iss not that sort of 3 and to vote for or against the Ford played a vaccination mark, adding | to sell his products, but on this, as have been removed by the miRing pro- New York, January 18. —Youth ap- from the booth, flipping a cigarette 


F NEW YORK LIFE 


BY O. 0. MINTYRE 


| that vaccination was not racticed in I understand from your letter, you | cess. Nearly all the note very liberal Editor Constitution: Primitive : 
country. : ., Proposal solely from the stand- that time, which was. 1928. Queen |} do not take issue with me. amount of calcium (lime), nearly all| agriculture dates back some ten bears to be having a super fling in toon 4B 120 to be seen she was not 
An that Sweden has done has point of good business sense ‘and Guinevere wasn’t present in 1528, “The question boiled down from the phosphorus, all the iron and all] thousand years. In the early dawn Manhattan. Supposedly respectable — 3 

r e e Cyne in accordanee with what appears either, not . art we eR Jears. both your letter and the reply of me — 5 — — of civilization certain races were affairs in hotels to which the best] Achmed Abdullah, the novelist, is 

been to grant the anarchistic trio} to them to be the best interest of Mr. Candler to my letter to the 115 d * iad? na ne eG | primarily agricultural, the Mediter- | People’ are asked take on a tinge of one of the best linguists in New York. 

i ithin its d 1 We Wonder! railroad commission, is left for an, refined and “purified” to make bread underworld cafes. In one of the big 
leave to remain within omäam | the country; but that is hardly to Wonder why Miss Sprineti answer in Washington. kor children to eat. In the course of | Tanean People, the Egyptians, the hotels the other night there was a| He has knowledge of almost every 
for thirty days; and when that be expected. Stays * wine at. “Going back to Mr. Wilson's ear- the ‘world war the government did in- Babalonians, the Assyrians. dance attended by debutantes about] language, including many of the 
time expires, Berkman, Goldman] jp the enemies of Mr. Ford When he can never give her ly campaign speeck to the farmers, | f 02 * age . — staff of lite a In Europe and Asia certain races whom the social seribblers would tribal. He was in Cairo recently and 
and Shapiro must “move on.” . tt - | >, OFG are A rose, to trim her hat? chevy are ain e Ml aus Gf portion ° e vital elements. But this of huntsmen turned herdsmen, tend- * their floweriest phrases. the chief of police sent for him. They 
. unable to kill the measure by any intelligent and friendly.representa- omg ™ Ay — apy ge Pov: ing the herd they originally hunt- looked in, an unbidden guest, and] had picked up a man on the street 
Where will they go from there? other means, they will at least be She’d better seek the meadows tion in congress; but can the farm- flour. back * | nn 0 t white ed: different races apecializing in| saw girls frocked in Fifth avenue's Who would not answer in any lan- 

| aga s g0 to war] certain animals. The tribes of Eu- supremest fashion dancing with light- guage. He was dark krete and 


Where still the glad birds sing; er stand to wait Gongers nal ac- 
The logical thing for them to do, able to talk it to death. It's there she'll find her ns tions? 1 „ ax more bran. rope were living on the flesh of ; his clothes were in tatters, Abdul - 
the horse, of sheep and later on of) ed cigarettes in their hands and a jah tried out all of the la 


8 „ Ret ii 
would seém, would be to return — „ Ha A lover. ith the rin ee : nent bran contains most of 
it se : ; . ete * ring! Would it not be 60 e he fat soluble vitamin which favors swine; the dog was early domesti- | flask was being passed from ¢ouple| knew, but the fellow just 


to Russia, having nowhere else to POE’S BIRTHDAY i N policy for the rahroads to hold out growth in young children and 
a . prevents | cated. to couple. Certain girls are known! him dumbly. Finally he turned t 
go; but upon leaving Russia Emma 0 D Talking Good Times. a somewhat helping hand at this! rickets, the deficiencies of our popular] Now there arose somewhere in| among the young men as “neckers” on” hoteles friend rr 
5 Today marks the anniversary of] The Dalton Citiz crisis, even if it means a: division Ww 
and Alex made it plain by the the birth of Edgar Allan Poe, and be nothing but good times talk now, of 208ses? ing some even bran ever day. Beg | eaten, Mavens . eee wae 16) SS Me the othe ot Coie Geeeient Eee ee ee 
| e Dir 0 Sar an Foe, an 7. as * : € r very day very | dominate the whole world, it ha aces in the necks of their dancing| know what he is.“ The ra gged fel- 
manner of their departure that and that “hard times are encouraged There is one question that 1 feed store or miller can supply perfect-| Siwavs occusled the promi 1S) com . A: 
. remi si- panions. low, cocked his head and said: “Why, 
they had burned their bridges be- it will be celebrated throughout and largelr brought about by hard thoroughly agree with you on: the ]y wholesome wheat bran at a reason- tion; this was a race of. cowmen, Matronly chaperones were there, Boss, I’se a Baptist.” He was am, 
ye the literary world. times talk, and the talk, for the most diversification of crops and the ably low price. the Aryan race; the Aryan has ever but appeared unaffected by the bi- American n who had missed catch- 
hind them by soundly “cussing While such celebrations are not part, is by those who are always hard | ruinous policy it would be to plant A few theorists have opined that the been a cow people and wherever se 18 ho gy which ich be — sof 
out” the soviet system. . up, no matter how the times are. No] too largely to cotton. This is a practice of eating wheat bran is open| they show their pristine vigor and zarre touches. A girl in a canary 
bre Stockholm they invariably noted for uncharitable man is dawn and out until be Samble with the cards stacked and to objection on the ground that bran virility they have not lost their in- | gown with a flaming red head dress 
have written articles for the Arbe- 


10 55 marke St them, the boll ee- 0 
comment on the alleged failings’ gives up.” arked again e boll w timate cow association an d intoxicatingly—the word is used 
taren, a labor paper published in 


He is a confirmed nah abet who has 
: vil to eat it up to a certainty with is, not easily digested, has no nu- 25 
of the man— largely in the imagi- ee eee the fact that Vt ns world does not, |.tritive value, and is likely to irritate The wealth of the Arran was In its literal sense—bright eyes was Sone through the storm and strife of 
1 Another One. under present financial conditions, the stomach or intestine. reckoned in cows. The cow was in a palm filled ante room trying to four divorce scandals and finally set- 
Adr, bitterly attacking the nations of those who have no right And here’s a rot good New Year | require a large crop the coming The three chief reasons why wheat his only money, his word for money, | reach a high chandelier with dainty | tled down in his Fifth avenue retreat 
* 
bolshevik government of Russia, zen— ing h do d for. 
2 poetry—carpin critics are not the prospect of a large acreage be- _| call peculiarities, from pecus, cat- evening he came wn dress or 
denouncing it as “a blood and mur- jack! 8 7 ing planted. the value of the fall a a (ay then t * —— 49 . 3 his moral — — whieh At the finish of dances the girls dinner. To a friend he remarked: - 
“8 a acking to revamp old hearsay ‘Remember, son, the r stamp, months in cotton futures are over a | Seste % Wat it dun vitally ger we call peculations, from pecus, took out their cosmetic implements “I’ve just discovered tonight that 
der regime,” a “revolting form of tales of the greatest poetical It always gets a licking; cent a pound less than prices of the | fant nutritive value, and (3) that it] cattie. The pristine Aryan lived on d E 4 n there is one good reason for every’ 
: ion.” i f And.yet it’s made itself a place, nearby months. irritates the stomach and intestines | his cow and garden, his migration | and camined their lips and penciled ’ 

_ Asiatic extermination,” a reign of genius America has k : * 2 a gr man having a wife, I’ve been trying 

g 8 erica has known; that, Because it kept on sticking.” “Cotton, as you know, has al- sufficiently to stimulate them to do] was in search of pasture for his their eyebrows. During the recent to cut a hang nail on my right Band 
their proper work. In actual practice | cattle and woe to the race that New Year’s eve celebration four girls with my left 

it is seldom if ever true that the eating | blocked his path; the cowman has under 19 years of age were carried 


conceptio mot iti. | year, as the present price of cotton bran should be eaten every day by all] pecuniary, from pecus, cattle; his] silver sli 
ception of the man or his to by the poet of The Dalton Citi futures would indicate; even OM) adults and children over three years of | Personal characteristics which we wet ga toe while the vouths to seek a little peace. The ther 


6 0 — 
Asiatic barbarism,” etc., and com- grynk, he wrote “The Raven,” died i= se 6S 0 


plaining with vitriolic vehemence because of overindulgence. and Editor Jerger observes that Father farmer. Under existing freight . 11 
gagainst Lenine as a hater and that an his splen did . t and Sons’ week is generally observed | rates on other commodities, and the = heat bran does any harm what- crumpled every civilization 1 — age the public dining room of one] South Sea Island and influence has 1. 
& pie poetry Was | jin Thomasville, and many fathers have | price he has to take for same, will the highest type of civilization and the smartest. inns in a stuper nally reached Tin Pan Alley. T h iti: 
_ would-be exterminator of anar- written when he was not “at him- found that it is very happy and pleas-| they not take this chance, as des- Here are two recipes which I com- culture, he has given the world all] from drink. They were pupils at a y — 
chlists. Ir.“ ant to be associated with their sons berate as it is, and plant largely of mend to every good houskeeper who chat is best in art and science. select finishing school. is glorified in a song called A. re, 
self. in their pleasures as well as as in cotton rather than try what shows has the health of her charges at heart: When the Arran went inte Indie Two cigarette shops for women which the shimmying Gilds Gray 
It is reported that neither Gold-“ Many of these wild tales were their business.” up a certain loss? BRAN GEMS. — / J have opened in the past two weeks introducing at a nocturnal ren av; 
man nor Berkman dares return to refuted long ago, but they still per- 252 „ „ „66 “I am an optimist as to the fu- — eee. 2 beaten. ye om ens ee ne nase in a haughty section of*the East Side. | ous in the 2 Forties. It is one 
1 2 « 9 Tr cu — +} 3 1 
Russia; which would be all to their sist, and seek to cast their shad- “Everybody Sing!” ture and success of the gouh in ev- nee of sa f The windows are gaudy with eigarette of the early new year's hits. 


) t that he was an easy conquest for f 
ery way, and believe most earnestly Butter the size of a walnut, melted. N r Greene holders to match every shade of dress 


5 


ered a rhaps, if they had any- Dunno what the future’s bringin’— One cupful of sweet milk. and the saleswoman told me that the At a hip-tea party the other night 
1 — to go. But no country een ; : I we'll lose, or if we'll win :, __ | farm lands. ana resources of die] One cupful of wheat flour. easy prey foe’ the Tester horssman, habit among English women of smok- some bibulous person suddenly — 
* them, and none, it seems, is mne to pan Out that no ‘Poet atom 3 _s singin’,” “We can raise almost everything, — KX — bran. 3 but when these Mongol horsemen ing pipes * taken fire hoid here, R 
9 ’ . e we all join in? ‘easpoon ul o ing powder. nto contact with the pristine n a telephone th the other | t 
indie even to let them in for world- -genius could have done what eo % „» . and the country really will learn Bake in gem tins. poe 4 = 1 * Gaur they ware ei Seles atte denly realized that he had never heard: 
it he did for literature with a mind Have You Noticed? the value of the Georgia yam and! Serve at supper and watch 'em grin| pled and subjugated. : “Peartull ind of a noise the camel makes. 
: oo than a mere breathing spell. | 50 clouded that it could not see] ‘fhe Winfield Press says that wh n 1 when they sink their teeth in one. Georgia has not been true to the ont 3 y sorry, uncle, we] No one present was able to shed any 
Indeed, the way of the anarchis t clearl ' : ys when | “I am sure that community dry- BRAN COOKIES. diti 18 didn’t make it to your dinner, but light, so the head keeper at the Bronx 
y. a minister has trouble with his motor 1 traditions of the Aryan race; we : 40 
ng houses can, and will be, built One cupful of wheat bran. Gladys and I took the count with zoo was phoned. “Pard@’n me,“ said 
the enemy of decency, law and H hi ‘ car, he doesn’t swear, but his face to care for the potate. One cupful of white flour. are primarily agriculturist; we have some absinthe cocktails. I’m just | the voice, “but will you make rm 
e came to his own, and his own] bears a different — “from the 10 v f this 0 not enough animals to return to : 4 ” yo & noize 
5 order, and the despiser of orderly N ive bhi one seen in the it. I believe in the virtue 8 3 One cupful of brown sugar. the soil what we-take out of it; we coming up for air now and Gladys like a camel?” What the keeper said 
. * rd! would not receive him; and it re- pulp crop, and when it is once introduce One half cupful of graham flour. are constantly. robbing our soil, | is still dotty.” When the girl stepped cannot be printed. 
-. government—is ha - aver the country, it will equal, if 
5 : i mained for the high appreciation net surpass, the irish potato in pub- One half cupful of sweet milk. only making it productive through 
| Yet the world will waste little o a foreign eountry to give him lie esteem: but this will take time, me-fourth cupful of molasses. an enormous expenditure for com- 
| sympathy upon Goldman and eee and the farmer is up against it now.] Two tablespoonfuls of butter or lard. | mercial fertilizer. Though these are | | 
. ir lux that rightful literary eminence | TOD AS T ALK | Yours very truly, One egg. lean times for us we are pouring a 9 6 2 THE PERISCOPE 
Pe @erkman, net puck of their K. | which was his due. France first BY GEORGE MATTHEW AD ‘ “E. T. COMER.” 4 ot ego | powder. ae nee enablisg. their | n 5 
85 a ne-half teaspoonf u salt. 8 1 
5 discovered and recognized his in- (Copyright, 1921, for The — —d — Beat together the butter, egg, milk 8 8 ving ee Plenty: An amount equal to that f he retires and needs a little spending 
NOTABLE LECTURES. comparable genius. He belonged | ° ing 5 and sugar to the tune of Aint' Wela by-product the body building | Possessed by the neighbors. money. 
The free public lecture course to to the world before America claim- THE WINDS. — r- . 0 N a e At any rate, some of the national] The germ culture may fi th 
wd gt : 1 1 2 N This s 0 i me the other ingr lents, singing Our yim, vigor and vitality is a igure in 4 
7 th ed him. As I write the wind is running a r “Johnny Get Your Gun.“ aspirations have been Americancelled. next war, as Irwin says, but 1 
doe given under the auspices of the Tene lovers of his cenius think about mg windowe and the room in Fer Sentimentdòlit Drop I née mined hatter With @ essen largely a matter of food. Your food ture will again be e the deciding factor. 
i 5 educational committee of the Coun- full * which I work. I stop to listen to! 2 onto vill greased tins. Bake about | toda is you we apne the diges-! Even if you are broke and jobless, 
eil of Jewish Women, beginning sadly, regret y of him today as what St Dente ony, “1t pees clink Editor Constitution: I write you half an hour in a hot oven. — e feel e oF san things might be worse. Suppose you The American people have lost many 
Be, this. evening with a discussion of one who greatly suffered ata time human to me. 8 it whistles Ne this letter in reference to the pub- M — — 2 pone tive less the digestion is good, our mood were a king. 8 — 
te Ww - a . 2 ily b warran o make a hit with any live largely a matter of digestion and me taro con- 
* “Great Britain. Today, What It Is gay gona 1 it roars. Now it just whispers. 10 1 5 1 * boy from age 3 to age 80. c — 6 matter of proper food; Still, the next war might not impose | gress. 
4 Thinking, Saying and Doing,“ by bt hes Fordh * b ai ne POS I wonder about its beginning. Where? Public opinion will necessarily QUESTIONS "AND ANSWERS. ere tLe ute amen Beare cock @ heavy — upon us. Wel} oxo 
9 Jude S. C. Williams, dean of the 3 BS ee iy rte — — ve ke A . from— where is it Ae A Beg is Perspiring Hands. n researeh but. —— the 2 
* r ou s vital importance o e cow an Sant 
law school of Emory university, to keep the wolf of poverty from The tallest tree tops yield to its I do trust as a citizen that you — apsthing be gone - * the garden as a source of food furnish- 6 eae — 
3 gives promise of great helpfulness wer—as though wanting to go with perspira of the hands ns ing all elements necessary for the 
| Biv * nectual and eduestional his darkened door by giving the It. Great buildings sway at its beck. Hrite sob stories for the purpose. to | pair of kid gloves the first time I wear | body. pay envelopes. 
1 se 
ae n “infinite riches ot a little room“ — eaves are carried away in its arms. engendering sympathy for this des gp ved this depends on some Hog and hominy is a devitalized, Some of these » days business will 
vay to the people ot — the heartbreak of his genſus—for —— Ag en ONGTT | perado. If any sympathy ie we tk systemic or conatitutional or tempera- | °Ne-sided food. Pork and pones Pro- get so mad at congress that it will 
ieee. tee movement is expected to be a crust to sustain life—having his Then — beer gentle it often is. page ee gg ty netie children, mental cause, in which case local meas- mote pellagra and EA ren break loose and do something. for 
ea far-reaching in its results since the a On some tropical coast, how soft is its whom I do not know, but who will ures are useless. But sometimes the 3 vane aan ae — itself. — the ‘old eile the parlor was a 
17 zation promoting it hopes to immortal ‘manuscripts hawked every movement. undoubtedly suffer for years and following gives relief: Rub into the boll —4.— and hook worm ayd be and with stylen as they are 
organ P abroad! Brave to the last, they see] I like to sit upon the bank of aj ears on account of this boy. | hands for a few minutes each night true to the tradition of our race : it's "office asn't changed a great deal, © 
develop this series of lectures into tim dying, who now lives forever. Stream at night time, when summer is] His very aetion, the cunningness for a week a little of this ointment and make Georgia a cow country. i 
what amounts virtually to a uni- “| full of fragrance, and listen for hours and daring “ith which he executed | from a collapsible tube: Formaldehyde ] Let the slogan be a dairy for every Another little trouble with the couns 
* A manuscript bearing his signa - and alc to the talk of the winds. this crime, shows to me as a lawyer | Solution, half dram; menthol, two] farm and a co-operative creamery | try is that too many Ry gs think ha 
ersity extension * ture, it only a few lines, commands BA a — with voices the winds that though his criminal nativity — — one-half ounce; petro- ig 2 n 1 | ) piness is always quo te 
| gratifying wo personali b h et as | leum, to make one ounce. e white man, the „ — * 
ee tt d ainiversities with. , fortune mow. First editions Of Jobe to become 4 pate of the roving | been surticiently active in his work “Pseudo” Scientific. cowman, Wie by Wain sot brawn | ale : : Universal brotherhood has reached ~ yp 
by the colleges and u his poetry or prose are almost waves of the air. to become remarkably proficient.| I have heard that a new cure call. pas conquered the earth, need not wie the point where all nations are willing 72 
each of Atlanta has Seat priceless. His own receive him With what monotony we would walk — 3 1 — every ed the garlic cure has been perfected! fear the boll weevil or hook worm hon 2 chat th cannon. up their muzzle-loading brass “ | 
‘its: willingness to co-operate by] now! , : out into the days were there no winds ane from bis overcoat pocket or in, German for high blood pressure. | if he lives true to his racial tradi- Indies erhape you have etleed that the . 5 


| : to wash about Will you please tell * whether there | tions. 
3 appointed a member of its} It remained for a southern I like to gettup into a tall building ——— nis bullet "Youu ite’ mark, Sax is anything it in.— (H. W. L.) (DR) ELTON 8. OSBORNE. | war paint are most prone to lay down| Another fine thing about rural life 


at assist in carrying to the ae when tbe wind b in force and ti t w tically fatal,. Answer—In my opinion, no. They're Savannah, Ga., yore 17, 1922. a smoke screen, is that you cant’ hear the neighbor's 
oe oe 08 e instruction contem- pooh Hear Bonn oi 2 become it with th wi a power, con- tor I 22 5 ‘advised that the — 1 — game. — it 2 The eee 1 aie daughters cultivating their musical 
itt — a too e bullet from a one - ess to me if any remedy wor Irish earn talent. 
é e inch ot the brain of Mr. Graham while ever came out of — and INF LUENZA BECOMING considerab’ 


pio i by. the series of lectures. tributes to his genius, in the poem in the minds of people walking, the „difference be- — 

aes. n arranging this med “Pan? treets f belo Went. lit is certain that nractically everything sta About Se ae a is 2 

* 2 uni 1 entitied “Poe's Me at Ford. Some of our greatest thoughts — This bandit stole the ring to get sent over to us fails to line up with EP IDEMIC | IN PARIS through the stage a 

> @ nta ot between the N ham,” with its last splendid | given us while we — ellen money. If he had stolen the ring | the exaggerated claims made for it in a 2 begins os hacker 4 conviction chat 1 
505 the Council of Jewish tanz .» .pforees of nature. for hig chorus girl friend he forgot advance nofices. Paris, January a i ep is and is a woman moter, ; 


“ We are reminded that silence is a] all about her after he obtained it, Worm Delasions. ra | ; 
n has rendered a public serv “Here, through this lowly portal, wonderful asset to power. because he pawned it to get money.] When a child eliminates considerable > ap- . | The newest grandson of helm 6 
; andthe public, for its part. stade sacred by his name, The wind does not tarry. It is a- A Detroit dispatch states that} mucusfrom the bowel, isn’t that a sign peared in December, .i a : —_ not despair, In this : 
ound respond in a manner and to] unheralded immortal | ways passing. It is busy. It has a) when arrested he nad a newepaper the child has ms? Are not worms Lx © 3 9 m even the y of kinge 
may amount to 
will attest its appre-| ‘The mortal walt aid Gah’ purpose. It leaves its benefits by the clipping showing names of seven- ‘the usual of spasms or convul- ben 24 a ‘ 4 


Ss) wens: sions in babies (J. M. P.) . in this ng the ö 8 
ot what the organization is And Fate, that then denied him, Who is not able to recall “orl ge ne delight | Kom fer ce, winks leper gages Answer — No. The presence of anj|fen days of December there were ten a lit ) „ The new treaty bin n “sad” 9 


And Envy, that deeried him, 3 ocrasioned by ‘a fresh . . pal ge = Le ee exeess of mucns in the stool is hres athe from. infigensa in n 1 — 3 orn ri 
: 1 0 ; 7 Malice that belied him. N 186 God travels 0 mes. rg e eee n of actual] during the firet ten days of aan,UEñi]d | ARS 60 eee ene won > come eee licates a. new 9 

at vin. at sa ' Have cenotaphed his fame.” 1 ae * “he winds wie okt: ore number Of. the Women er worms, onde thtdisin ðͥꝛ MME Te . 4 ; 
nee 5 : 7 * ; . Ah * * a, phe „ 


ge rt 8 oi) RRR 
ia tes ; 


2 ood = fey 
3 
. 


r A vhs „ — 
‘SER EE ee Se eg . 8 ges. ae , * 5 1 * * ee . _ = , n 5 > » 5 N & 3 , 7 * 7 5 n * 
17 r * . 4 5 . > 4 eS : a 12 n 59 1 e rs 5 “ 
5 = f 8 1 a 5 (+) a iy ö F . 7 ei 2 * er r „ ota a @ Freee 
j : 4 7 1 * 7 ome 4 = e N * a. ‘20 . * = — 
, 2 : r 14 11 1 — ee N 3 so 
| UMC School AT TECH 
2 ö 4 8 ö Sh ‘ 
n 8 , * > oe * — . * BS 4 N 


K HIGHLY PRAISED) .. 


Plans for the bafiquet that vin ) 
open the American Jewish Relief hen | 


+ 
* » 
; > 


* 


* sa gis * 5 5 8 * 4 N 
Sy re 
5 . 7 — * ’ 4 i 4 ö 2 H — * 7 
7 ; 2 N 325 1 
coos 2 2 „ 7 
- ee 8 1 =i 


. 
0 
— * 


Rtg Ree Se, E 
TER PR pat ee Bie“ s* e COs ot ae ai eee 
ee N wh ie, ane N be 1 
say 1 De 8 0 
5 4 
— 


i Se 


Made by Waman 


Denied byWarden 
a 


City Warden W. H. Johnson, 
against whom a $10,000 slander suit 


70 Ran 
iy. 1 


CAMPAIGN 


be * 
1 * : 7 
4 * * 
> 
- 


fa the weather forecast from Washing- 
ton,.D. C., for Atlanta and the sur- 
rounding 


* — 


2 U FRLod UCDI 
. : 
N 
„ The threatening 


SAYS FORECASTER‘ AND BONIIS 90 
e ‘Tuesday will, ‘Washington, January 1 menge 


„ “Cloudy, with probable local’ rain,“ 
‘republicans voted today in party con- 


ar 5 


8 
. 
5 * 


2 


12 
i 
3 
12 jn * 
* 
ae 
oe. 
4 
na 


es 
— 2 
5 


; 


xis? 
7 


5 


Track DISFIGURED 


accord- 


fall, there will be no drop in the tem- 
perature. ; ; 
Armenia is the oldest Christian na- 
tion in the world. 
There are many parts of England 
where snow hardly: ever falls. 


new an 0 
how quickly soreness leaves the 
throat. Acts almost instantane- 
ously! Guard the family’s health 
—— on hand 
ways. nequalled as a germ 
killer. Use night and morning. 
Recommended by hygienists 


everywhere. At all druggists. 
50 cent bottle lasts month. 


Get it today. 


TEROLIN 
SAYS ACID STOMACH 
cas INDIGESTION 


Sours the Food and 
Forms Gases. 


Undigested food delayed in the 
stomach decays, or rather, ferments 
the same as food left in the open air, 
says a noted authority. He also tells 


us that Indigestion is caused by Hy- 


per-acidity, meaning, there is an ex- 
cess of hydro-chloric acid in the stom- 
ach which prevents complete digestion 
and starts food fermentation. Thus 
everything eaten sours in the stom- 
ach much like garbage sours in a 
can, forming acrid fluids and gases 
which inflate the stomach like a toy 
balloon. Then we feel a heavy, lumpy 
misery in the chest, we belch up gas, 
we eructate sour food or have heart- 
burn, flatulence, water-brash or 
nausea. 

He tells us to lay aside all digestive 
aids and instead, get from any phar- 
macy four ounces of Jad Salts and 
take a tablespoonful in a glass of wa- 
ter before breakfast and drink while 
it is effervescing and furthermore, to 
continue this for a week. While relief 


® follows the first dose, it is important 


to nentralize the acidity, remove the 


gas-making mass, start the liver, stim- | 


ulate the kidneys and thus promote a 
free flow of pure digestive juices. 

Jad Salts is inexpensive and is made 
from the acid of grapes and lemon 
juice, combined with lithia and 
sodium phosphate. This harmless salts 
is used by thousands of people for 
stomach trouble with excellent re- 
sults.—(adv.) 


CALL BELLE ISLE TAXICAB 


Min PIMPLES 


ltched and Burned. Could 
Not Sleep. Cuticura Heals. 


“My skin became rough and red 
and over, and 

% itched and burned so 
„ N that I could not sleep at 
* 5 night. My iace was badly 
get relief. Seeing an 
advertisement for Cuticura Soap and 
Ointment I sent for a free sample 
which helped me so I purchased 
Ointment I was healed.”’ (Signed) 
Mise Nellie Mae Johnson, R. F. D. 
2, Easley, 8. C., July 18, 1921. 
Use Cuticura for all toilet purposes. 


pimples broke out all over my face. 
L The pimples were hard 

I tried many 

remedies but could not 
more, and after using two cakes of 
Cuticura Soap and two boxes of 
— —ͤ— —— 
on ime Ofatment 2 and doc. Taleum Be. 
Soap shaves without mug. 


ference to press the debt re- 


funding bill and a soldiers bonus bill, 
in that order. There was a disagree- 
‘ment as to details of the two meas- 
ures, and the conference adjourned 
until tomorrow to continue its discus- 
‘gion. 7 

The vote to press the refunding 
‘bill was unanimous, but the confer- 
ence divided on the bonus measure, 
unofficial reports giving the result 
as 31 for and 2 against, with some 
opponents either absent or withhold- 
ing their votes. Republican leaders 
said, however, that the size of the 
majority insured passage of a bonus 
bill at this session. 

While there was no division on the 
allied debt bill, it developed that the 
measures as reported by the finance 
committee met with some objection, 
inquiry being made especially as to 
the reason for the elimination of the 
provision requiring semi-annual pay- 
ments of interest on refunded bonds 
of the debtor nations. 


To; Join Democrats. 


It was understood that Senator 
Borah, of ‘Idaho, and some other re- 
publicans were ready to join with 
democratic senators in demanding 
that this provision be retained in the 
measure. 

Official spokesmen for conference 
took pains to make it clear that the 
majority senators had declared for “a” 
bonus bill, and not the particular bill 
which was referred batk to the senate 
finance committee last’ July on the 
recommendation of President Harding. 

Some leaders said, however, that 
the measure to be reported to the 
senate undoubtedly would be similar 
to that one in so far as the five ways 
for payment of adjusted compensation 
were concerned. : 

Most of the discussion. of the bonus 
centered around the means of provid- 
ing the necessary funds. Some sena- 
tors favored a measure carrying mere- 
ly an obligation against the govern- 
ment, with payments to be made ott 
of current. receipts as money was 
available for the purpose, but it was 
said that the preponderance of senti- 
ment was for a specific provision that 
the financing be done with funds de- 


| ish bonds 


t 
‘ 


rived from the sabe of refunded Brit- 
in the United, States. 


Special Taxation. 


This brought the question of a sales 
tax or some other special form of tax- 
ation, proponents of a sales tax argu- 
ing that some such plan would be 
necessary to bridge the gap between 
the time of the p&ssage of the bonus 
legislation and the time that. funds 
from the sale of the refunded Brit- 
ish bonds would become available. 
They were understood to have argued 
that the money from the bonds. might 
not be available for several months or 
a year after the bonus bill was passed, 
as the refunding negotiations might be 
lengthy and time might be necessary 
for the sale of the bonds. 

Aside from the allied debt refunding 
bill an dthe bonus measure, the sen- 
ate will have before it the four-power 
treaty. the tariff bill and all of the 
annual supply measure, as well as all 
other important matters. With a con- 
gressional election next November and 
a warm campaign in prospect from the 
beginning of the early summer, many 
members of congress wish to get away 
from Washington around June, and to 
get through the work before it by that 
time the senate must drive ahead with 
full steam from this time on, it was 
declared. 


WAR ON LOITERERS 
DECLARED BY POLICE 


Persons loitering around the city, 
and known to the police to be idlers, 
who make no attempt to find employ- 
ment, will de arrested and prosecuted 
for vagrancy, according to announce- 
ment Wednesday at headquarters, 

Nine men were arrested late Wed- 
nesday by Officers Andrews and John 
Davis and held at police station on 
a charge of idling and loitering. They 
will be tried Thursday in recorder’s 
court. 

Those arrested were L. F. Hair, sgred 
23, of 47 Adair avenue; John Zachein, 
aged 23, of 70 North Butler street; 
Nemo Ellis, aged 20, of 115 Confed- 
erate avenue; R. H. Mayo, aged 21, 
of 136 Jones avenue; R. L. Roberts, 
aged 24, of 307 South Boulevard: J. 
F. Brown, aged 38, of 207 Grant 
street: Harry Thornton, aged 21, of 
351 Woodward avenue, and W. T. 
Thompson, aged 23, of 301 Central 
avenue. 


PAUL RADER SPEAKS 
HERE TWICE SUNDAY 


Paul Rader, evangelist and former 
pastor of Moody church in Chicago, 
will return to Atlanta Sunday and 
speak in a series of four meetings 
under the auspices of the Gospel ‘l'ab- 
ernacle on Capitol avenue. Mr. Ra- 
der delivered a series of sermons at 
the Gospel Tabernacle last July and 
great crowds heard him. 

To accommodate the throng that is 
expected to attend the service at which 
he will speak Sunday, the meeting 
will be held in the Auditorium. He 
will speak Sunday night. 

Another noted speaker who will be 
heard at the meetings next week is 
Dr. E. J. Richards, of New York, 
home secretary of the Christian Mis- 
sionary alliance and former field evan- 
gelist for the United States of that 
y. 


and terms. 


Our booklet, “Facts About Diamonds,” and twenty- 
seventh annual catalogue will be sent complimentary 


anywhere on request. 


Diamond 
Engagement Rings 


You, as well as your fiancee, will be better satisfied if 
your engagement ring comes from Maier & Berkele. 


Our grades and weights are guaranteed. 
We firmly believe we can save you money on your 


purchase, and please you perfectly with grades, prices 


We ship diamonds of assorted qualities, by prepaid 
express, on memorandum for inspection. 


These books quote lowest net prices and contain full 
details about our straightforward method of selling 


- diamonds. 


MAIER & BERKELE. Ine. 


was filéd in Fulton superior court 
Tuesday, gave out a statement Wed- 
‘nesday branding as utterly false ev- 
ery charge alleged, and declared that 
Lit is a political trick of malicious 
and dastardly meanness which I will 


be able to show up.“ Mr. Johnson 
had not been served with a copy of 
the suit Wednesday afternoon, and 
had not engaged counsel. 

The warden asserted that his po- 
litical enemies were stealthily strik- 
ing at his character through the wo- 
man who brought the suit, and stat- 
ed that he has information of a sen- 
sational and startling nature to of- 
fer as proof of the scheme his ene- 
nies are attempting. 

Charges that the city warden had 
declined to give financial assistance 
because she did not comply with im- 
proper proposals made by him, were 
contained in the suit, which was filed 
by Mrs. Hattie Harper, of the fifth 
ward, through Attorney Roy Dren- 
non. 0 

She claimed in the suit that last 
September her husband, a war vet- 
eran, was ill, and she was in desti- 
tute circumstances and called on the 
warden's office for aid. She claimed 
that the warden gave her assistance a 
number of times and then told her 
that unless she would be a “good 
sport” she need not expect any ore 
money from the city, alleging when 
she resented the remark he went to 
her uncle and made untrue and 
slanderous remarks about her. 

Mr. Johnson denied that Mrs. Har- 
per’s husband was a war veteran or 
an invalid. He said Mrs. Harper 
claimed that her husband had desert- 
ed her and that he helped her on 
this plea and epntinued to aid her 
until information came to him that 
Harper was also subsisting on the 
city’s rations, and then he told Mrs. 
Harper that he would have to with- 
draw further support. He said he 
looked up Harper and rebuked him 
for non-support of his wife. 

The warden asserted that on this 
account Harper has leagued influ- 
ence with political foes who would use 
any methods to discredit him. 

“T have walked clean and upright 
before the people of Atlanta, said 
Mr. Johnson, and I cannot express 
the depth of my contempt for the 
perpetrators of an assault like this. 

“Today I have received letters, per- 
-sonal visits and scores of telephone 
calls from my friends assuring me of 
their confidence in me and express- 
ing their indignation at the charges.“ 


Court of Appeals of Ga. 


Judgments Affirmed. 


Port Wentworth Terminal Corporation v. 
Leavitt: from Chatham superior court— 
Judge Meldrim. Hitch, Denmark & Lov- 
ett, for plaintiff iu error. William W. 
Gordon, contra. 

Central of Georgia Railway Company v. 
American Coal Company from Savannah city 
court—Judge Freeman. F. M. Cunningham, 
Jr., for plaintiff in error. McIntire, Walsh 
& Bernstein, contra. 


Lanier et al. v. State: 
perior court —Judge Meldrim. Shelby My- 
rick, for plaintiffs in error. Walter C. 
Hartridge, solicitor-general, contra. 

Morgan v. Denton; from Taliaferro su- 
perior court—Judge Shurley. Miles W. Lew- 
is, Alvin G. Golucke, Hawes Cloud, for 
plaintiff in error. B. F. Walker, B. J. 
Fowler, J. A. Mitchell, contra. 

Grant v. State; from ‘Taliaferro superior 
court—Judge Shirley. Hugh E. 
James A. Mitchell, for plaintiff in error, 
M. L. Felts, solicitor-general, contra. 

Hines, director-general, v. Payton; from 
Albany city court—Judge Clayton Jones. 
Pottle & Hofmayer, for plaintiff in error. 
Claude Payton, contra. 

Central of Georgia Railway Company u, 
Reid; from Haralson superior court—Judge 
Irwin. J. Branham, Maddox & Doyal, Grif- 
fith & Matthews, for plaintiff in error. 

Phillips v. State; from Haralson superior 
court—Judge Irwin. Griffith & Matthews, 
for plaintiff in error. J. R. Hutcheson, so- 
licitor-general, contra 

Leatherwood v. State: from Haralson su- 
perior court—Judge Irwin. Mundy & Wat- 
kins, for plaintiff in error. J. R. Hutche- 
son, solicitor-general, contra. ‘ 
Murray v. State; from Ware superior 
court—Judge Summerall. James R. Thom“ 
as, Parker & Parker, for plaintiff in error. 
A. B. Spence, solicitor-general, contra. 

Chapman v. State; from Hall city court— 
Judge Sloan. W. P. Whelchel, C. B. Bar- 
rett, B. P. Gaillard, Jr., for plainitff in 
error. E. D. Kenyon, solicitér, contra. 

Story v. State; from McDuffie superior 
court—Judge Hammond. J. P. Burnside, 
J. T. West & Son, C. H. & R. 8. Cohen, 
for plaintiff in error. A. L. Franklin, so- 
licitor-general, John M. Graham, M. IL. 
Felts, contra. 

Brooks, administratrix, v. Seaboard Air 
Line Railway Company, from Cobb superior 
court—Judge Blair. J. Caleb Clark, West- 
moreland & Smith, for plaintiff in error, 
Randolph & Parker, J. Glenn Giles, contra. 

Davis v. State from Wilkes superior court 
Judge Shurley. Norman & Norman, for 
plaintiff in error. N. L. Felts, solicitor-gen- 
eral, contra. 

Maxwell v. State; from Wilkes superior 
court—Judge Shurley. Hugh E. Combs, Wil- 
liam Wynne, for plaintiff in error. M. I. 
Felts, solicitor-general, contra. 

Booker v. State; from Bibb superior court 
—Judge Mathews. Clements & Clements, 
Julian F. Urquhart, Hallie B. Bell, for 
plaintiff in error. Charles H. Garrett, so- 
licitor-general, contra. 

ester v. State from Lincoln superior 
court—Judge Shuriey. Norman & Norman, 
for plaintiff in error. M. L, Felts, solicitor- 


general, contra. 

Smith v. State: from same court, with 
same counsel as last stated. 

Sirmans v. State; from Lowndes superior 
court—Judge Thomas. R. A. Hendricks, for 
plaintiff in error. C. E. Hay, solicitor- 


general, contra. 
Spurlin v. State 


from Ghatham su- 


from Fayette superior 
court—Judge Searcy. Lester C. Dickson, 
for plaintiff in error. E. M. Owens, so- 


licitor-general; J. W. Culpepper, contra. 
eeves v. State; from Fulton superior 
court—Judge Humphries. T. C, Battle, for 
plaintiff in error. John A. Boykin, solic- 
itor-general, E. A. Stephens, contra. 

Morris v. Battey; from Fulton superior. 
court—Judge Bell. Mitchell & Mitchell, E. 
M. Mitchell, for plaintiff in error. E. F, 
Childress, Mark Bolding, contra, 

Judgments Reversed. 

Elmore v. Southern Bank and Trust Com- 
pany et al.; from Dougherty superior court 
Judge Harrell. R. J. Bacon, Cruger West- 
brook, for plaintiff in error. E. K. Wil- 
cox, Pottle & Hofmayer, contra, 

Marshall et al. v. Gwinn from Fulton su- 
perior court—Judge Pendleton. F. P. Me- 
Intire, R. Low Reynolds, Dorsey, Shelton & 
Dorsey, for plaintiffs in error; Candler, 
Thomson & Hirsch, contra. 

Cullars v. State; from Wilkes superior 
court—Judge Shuriey. F. H. Colley, Na- 
than Jolles, for plaintiff in error. 

Felts, solicitor-general, contra. 

Gunn y. State; from Wilkes superior court 
—Judge Shurley. F. H. Colley, Hugh E. 
Combs, for plaintiff in error. M. L. Felts, 
solicitor-general, contra. f 

Wynn v. State; from Coweta superior 

t—J Roop. A. H. Freeman, for 
aintiff in error. W. T. Atkinson, 60 
itor-general, contra. 

Green v. State, and Jones v. State; from 

Coweta superior court—Judge Roop. 3 
r., G. H. Cornwell, for plaintiffs 
W. X. Atkinson, soliciter- general. 

contra f 


Mu „ administratrix, v. Metropolitan 
Life Insurance Company; from 
superior. court—Judge ammond. as 
Harrison. John J. Foster, for plaintiff in 
H. & R. 8. Cohen, contra, 


Rehearing Denied. 
Savannah and Atlanta Railway v. Hart; 
from Glascock. 


JOINT TAX COMMITTEE 
TO MEET NEXT WEEK 


At a meeting of the members of the 
joint tax committee, who were ap- 
— — many oe 

ture, 
law will be discussed next week, ac- 


Combe, 


Richmond 


ö ber, chairman for the South- 
ern zone, Armand May, state chair- 
man, and a committée of local Jews 
at a meeting in the city. 

At this banquet, which will be held 
Sunday evening, February 19, in At- 
lanta, two nationally known Jews, 
Dr. Nathan Krauss of New York, 
and Julius Rosenwald of Chicago, 
are expected to speak. Dr. Krauss, 
who recently spent fifteen months in 
Eastern Europe, will present. to the 
Southern Jews the conditions exist- 
ing among their brethern overseas as 
a result of wars, revolutions and po- 
groms. 

Mr. Rosenwald, known as the head 
of Sears and Roebuck company and 
as a distinguished “dollar a year” 
man in Washington during the war, 
and who himself pledged a quarter 
of a million dollars to the relief fund, 
has promised to attend the anqnet 
if possible. Besides this pledge Mr. 
Rosenwald has given hundreds of 
thousands of dollars for relief work 
among both Jews and Gentiles since 
the outbreak of the war. 

Officials of the Sotthern division of 
the American Jewish Relief Commit- 
tee announced Wednesday that the 
headquarters for the South during 
the campaign would be on the first 
floor of the Piedmont hotel. Here 
Mr. Kriegshaber, zone chairman, and 
Mr. May, ‘state chairman, will have 
their offices until “Georgia goes ov- 
er the top.” A. D. G. Cohn, south- 
ern field director, will be in charge of 
the campaign. 


“Flying Squadron” 
Coming to Atlanta 
In Fight on Liquor 


“The Flying Squadron,” an organ- 
ization pledged to an unremitting 
fight for “destruction off the liquor 
traffic,” and bearing the indorse- 
ment of William Jennings Bryan and 
Federal Prohibition Commissioner 
Roy S. Haynes, is coming to Atlanta 
for a series of meetings at the Wes- 
ley Memorial church February 27 and 

Meetings will be held in the af- 
ternoons and at night. 
Seven speakers compose the Fly- 
ing Squadron,” which is visiting the 
leading cities of the United States, in- 
cluding every state capital and every 
important educational centér, preach- 
ing the gospel of law enforcement. civ- 
ie righteousness and social and in- 
dustrial justice. 

Among the speakers are Oliver 
Wayne Stewart, of Chicago; Dr. K. 
Leigh Colvin, of New York: Frank 
Stewart Regan, of Rockford, III., and 
Rev. Norma Camille Brown. 


Rheumatism is a common complaint 


1 Su 
George H. McFadden & Co.; Mr. Red- 


wine, of Redwine Brothers; Mr. Tur- | 


ner, of Williamson & Co.; Mr. Manget, ' 


of Manget & Bros. 
Norton & Co.; Mr. 


Mr. Norton, of 
Hill, of Striplin, 


Jordan & Co. Mr. Jackson, ot Cooper 


& Griffin company; Mr. Ellis, of Ellis 
Bros.; Mr. Moore, of Robert Moore 
& Co., New York; Mr. Williams, of 
Anderson, Clayton & Co.; Mr. Vick- 
ery, of Herbert Bros., New York, and 
D. R. Oastler, of the United States 
department of agriculture. 

In 1918 the school had only 32 stu- 
dents, it now has an enrollment of 
approximtaely 160. Recently, the 
school installed one ribbon lot ma- 
ehine, one silver lot machine, one 
eight head comber, one spring frame, 
individually driven, with electrical 
stop motion, and one card, all of which 
were bought from the Whitin Machine 
works, Whintinsville, Mass. The 
school also possesses one humidifyer 
system and other equipment. 


Capacity Audience 
Expected to Greet 


the Cincinnati Symphony orchestra, 
eonducted by meng 

is to thousands 
lovers the great event of the year, for 
Atlanta has but few opportunities to 
hear an orchestra of the size and 
experience to present adequately the 
great symphonic works 

Mishel Piastro, the Russian violin- 
ist, is to be the soloist this season, an 
announcement which will greatly in- 
terest those who have kept abreast of 
musical history in the east. Piastro 
landed in New York something more 
than a year ago, unheralded and prac- 
tically unknown, at a time when the 
city was inundated with foreign mu- 
sicians of every type. He had some 
difficulty in securing a hearing, but 
his first recital aroused a veritable 
furore, equal to that caused several 
years previous by the first appearance 
of Jasche Heifetz. 

Seats for the concert may be had 
beginning Friday at the Cable piano 
store, 82 North Broad street; and mail 
orders will be filled promptly by the 


Salter Musical bureau, which is spon- 


soring the concert 1n co-operation with 
the Atlanta Music club. 


among dogs. 


The first lunacy law in England 
(was made in the reign of Edward III. 


‘essage on Insurance. 


' spending wisely. You are 
ings. 


ad for his obligations. 


It is no new thing for 
csted in Insurance. 


you provision to 


In order to secure sufficient 


taxes 
ous sacrifice. 


2 


3. Or. you can earry life 
your taxes. 


appeal to every far-sighted 
We are 


those whe w 


Fi P 1 
74 > = * — a 
5 
cai Sigs %%%. 8 


11 II 
In Thrift Week 


This bank believes in Life Insurance and every other 
Lind of protection that modern Insurance provides. 


Thrift Week. would be incomplete without a special 


Our Government says that one of the cardinal points 


1 Thrift is “WISE SPENDING” and another is 
“SAFE INVESTMENT.” 


When you spend money for Insurance you are 


You are creating an estate. 

enjoy this estate yourself and reap with your own 

ands the fruits of your Thrift. In case you die you 
ave made provision for those dependent upon you. 


A citizen is not worth much to his community who 
oes not recognize the duty of providing for his family 


We believe it is a wise thing for every business 
nan and for people generally to inform themselves on 
the many kinds of Insurance, not only Life and Fire, 


hut Health, Casualty, Property, etc. 


Seme months ago we published 
he following advertisement in the local papers: 


Inheritance and other taxes may 1 


the contrary. 8 
tives have been pointed out by close students of the subject: 


1. Your securities, real estate or other property, may have 
to be sold regardleas of market conditions, perhaps at a seri- 


Ve HR you must keep a large sum of money uninvested 
and idle for as long as you live. 


Fourth National 


i 7 oe 8 8 — 
7 4 . * 
. E 
4 +. 


“ * 


= 


safely investing your Sav- 
You may live to 


— 


»The Fourth to be inter- 


your estate unless 
following alterna- 


ready money to care for estate 


insurance sufficient to cover 


It seems to us that it is ound business to adopt the 
third plan and we believe the wisdom of so doing will 


business man. 


str for Insurance and our advice .to 
ould be Thrifty is “INSURE.” 


* ** 
54 


7 


+ 
* 1 
_ 97 2 
* 3 : 
_, a 
ae 
. f " 
; 4 test 
1 
. 
a 2 5 
1 ’ 
4 


saye in person, 
Atlanta musie 


—— —— — — 


f 


Symphony Orchestra 


The visit next Wednesday night of, 


= 


Buy Business Insurance 


N many business firms have 
enough LIQUID CAPITAL to take 
care of the possible reorganization and 
unusual demand for cash that would 
IMMEDIATELY FOLLOW THE SU D- 
DEN DEATH OF THE HEAD OF THE 
3 


Life Insurance, payable to your firm, 
will provide that LIQUID CAPITAL. 
Such insurance not only provides for 
future emergency, BUT MAKES. YOU A 
BETTER CREDIT RISK TODAY. 


Don’t make your family carry 
your risk—let the Insurance Com- 
panies do it. 


Citizens & Southern Bank 


ATLANTA—Marietta at Forsyth 
SAVANNAH MACON AUGUSTA 
Resources Fifty Million Dollars. Member Federal Reserve System. 


|THE ATLANTA CONSTITUTION 


Travel and 
Pedestrian 
Accident 


To Every Registered Subscribe Insurance 
Policy 


Old As Well As New Subscribers May Secure This Picy 


By special arrangement with the North American Accident Insurance Company, we can now 
give this protection to the entire family on the following conditions: 


a Any and all members of a family from 16 to 70 years of age may secure this insurance pro- 

viding they all live at one address, and provided one member of this family signs for the daily 
and Sunday Constitution for one year. If two or more families live at one address in the same 
house or home, each family desiring the insurance protection must subscribe for The Atlanta 
Cozstitution. Each member of the family desiring a policy must sign “Order and Registration 
Form“ and accompany it with 75c for registration fee for his or her policy. 


More than 1,529 accidents in Atlanta during the last 18 months caused by autos, steam cars 
and street cars. The Aceident and Pedestrian Insurance offered by The Constitution would have 
covered almost all those accidents. 


You may be next. Why not protect yourself and family today? 


No red tape—no medical examination—every man or woman from 16 to 70 eligible. 
All you have to do to get this insurance is to be a subscriber to The Atlanta Constitution. 


The only charges for this policy is seventy-five cents (75) for covering the cost of 
securing and handling. Pay for The Daily and Sunday Constitution at the regular pee 


HERE ARE THE PAYMENTS MADE 


UNDER THE CONDITIONS*OUTLINED ~~ 


In The Atlanta Constitution Policy 


FOR THE LOSS OF LIFE ............++-.$1,000.00 
FOR THE LOSS OF BOTH HANDS 1,000.08 
~FOR THE LOSS OF BOTH FEET......... 1,000.00 
WR THE Loss OF SIGHT OF BOTH EYES 1,000.00 
FOR THE Loss OF CONE HAND AND ONE VOR THE Loss OF SIGHT OF KITHER 
TroorT SHOSHHSSOSHSHSHSHOSHHSEHHAEOHESELS 1,000.00 EY ba) 


The North American Accident Company ef Chicago, Will Pay the Above Amounts ff the Insured Ix 
injured, Traveling in Any Public or Private Conveyance. PES + 


$10 a week for 13 weeks for injuries received while riding In any kind of vehicle. 
$100 for relief of policyholders if infured or taken sick away from home. 
$250 for death of pedestrian under moving veh icle, struck on a street or public highway. 


USE THIS COUPON 


Order and Registration Form 


Of The Atlanta Constitution Insurance Subscription 


FOR THE LOSS OF ONE HAND AND SIGHT ~*~ 
or ONE E E „„ „ „ „„ „„ „ „% „% „„ „„ „„ „ eae 
FOR THE LOSS OF oN 
SIGHT OF ONE EYE... 
Fon THE LOSS OF EITHER HAND...... 80.48 
FOR THE LOSS OF EITHER 1. 00.00 


“* 
* 
: 


Oally and Sunday 
Constitution 
by mail. Payable in 
advance or delivered 
by earrier payable 

or mothly: 


Atlanta, Ga. „6 „6 4 0 


2 ‘ 
* A6. ene me 
3 (New—Old) * 
i ⅛ ꝛ .. hereby enter ny 


ATLANTA CONSTITUTION, 
Circulation 


1 week bre. e206 
1 month . 0e 
3 months . 2.50 
6 months oo $5.00 
12 months ....$9.50 


in Sending the 

coupon at the right, 
sign your full name, 
and always send 76¢ 
for fee, 
which is ne part 
payment on sub 
seription. 


66% „„ „% ESE HSS OSSESESESE CESSES ESEEES® City ent „„ wee) 
„ „%% %%%%%%%„%„%„ „„ „„ „% Street eee eee e 
. * 4 


. 9 
Phone N.... . .. Curler covevecesoceccocosocyeresstetel meet 
COCO R 33ũꝛ „ „„ „4 4 „ „ „ FEEDS %, 6 ae 
1 e d Se Pt * es > 8 


we 


—1 
2 A. 
2 4 

~ ae 
ae hy 
2 va * 


* 


. N . 
1 * — ‘a n 4 1 
> 7 e 4 
1 1 ‘ * A 8 A 4 j 5 
= * * ‘ or a 1 W *. . =! 
: 5 5 . 7 N i Wr 9 oat Fe “i “ 
* 22 * me 2 2 r ey ae * 
b , i a F ‘ae ae 3 E n Ey Gear ee 
— . , ,⏑‚ . PR NR RE —— wm —— ae ees 5 . n e 
* 8 : aw ae 24 NK 8 ca ce * * . * N 
~~) a me pec N ee: een * 8 wr in tar N ee i, * — np a ey 38 * 
> 44 1 ee 2 1 2 * 8 n 5 * al aot phe . A 
* nfs . * . ** 4 7 * me : 
4 05 7 4 
Ts 5 e 
* * re 1 * 


closed Air Passages Open at 


breathe freely. 
>  ennuffling. 


‘ince, Ga. 

1.)—The trial of J. M. 
1a! with 

‘in-law, Elmer Jones, was fea- 


mred today by a dramatic recital by 
firs. Sarah J. Jones, mother of 


1 8 dead man, who shook her finger at 


he defendant and cried: “You know 
| its’ true, Jim Davis,” after she had 
3 tated that the shooting occurred in 
ber near the Davis yard, and not 125 
Fards away in the big road, as the 
~%, state contended. : 

Asked where she was at the time of 
gte shooting. Mrs. Jones said she was 
the yard, or somewhere near the 
1.” She said that her son dragged 


* 


„ 


Healing Cream 
Stops Catarrh 


rl 


Once —Nose and Throat Clear. 


It your nostrils are clogged and 
~,. sour 

> © ora cold, get Ely's Cream Balm at any 

"© drugstore. Apply a little of this pure, 

* Antiseptie, germ destroying cream into 

Four nostrils and 


end stuffed because of catarrh 


let it penetrate 
through every air passage of your head 
and membranes. Instant relief. 

How good it feels. Your head is 
dear. Your nostrils are open. You 
No more hawking or 
Head colds and catarrh 
‘yield like magic. Don't stay stuffed 
up, choked up and miserable. Relief 


a. is sure.—(adv.) 


WTTNESS STAND = 


* 
one 
11 
4 2 
DA. ar a 7 
5 N 
E 
ae 


Davis, out of the way, old 
the * of his broth- | fix th - 


a 4 v, 


to&et the 


N 1 
n 


Genuine 


| YEAST 


K Nn 
* 
r 


— ie, 
o 


Original ans 


es i ; 
2 7 
4 
. 
* * U ¢ 
Ae 
pao 
- 4 
2 2 . 
. 


r 2 * een 0 
a ; PT n N 
c F 
2 a a Toy 4 a. 7 * , ae gage ot * 
2 he» —— On — re, ne ‘ we. ¥ 

N 9 ist * 


. 
x 3 
re eg eee : 
W 75 * 

* . ** 


TABIETS 


liching inflamed 
skins quickly 
respond to 


ae ee — 


rl 
t ae 
8 * 
* > 
83 9 


2 
Sipe 


ey ae ty 
8 n 
t 
8 
: 3 2 ie 
al? * 7 
22 * 


PINE: ae 
* 
2 
* 


4 a f 1 * 2 „ urn 2 Ft eee : A 
4 n „ ET a NL TREE Pont Fay OL 5 om 
* * Lge’ - N 1 he ö 3 5 n Men 3 — 7 * 
. eee eee * 8 n Penn a 
— 3 * 5 “a ey r 3 — 


8 2 9 * . * 
Bein W. — 2 RA R A epee en 
‘ 4 * 2 — 
“ —— * an ak 2 ee 4 . 7 — 0 2 8 8 a 
1 nem — * * . . N * — 4 5 . 0 
ees 4. 2 8 vows * — — * — . 2 a, LA * „ ae See . a ots Rk a we 4 
ö 7 N 0 . 1 a 2 Pe ly 
» ae W. 7 Fe) 2 9 2 . 7. ss — . „ 1 De 2 r * . ＋ 2 9 . 2 ‘ 4 . va 4 * 
. . 5 5 a hAa 
8 ‘ . 3 . - za 
— * ~ 2 


are ae 3 N 
e i 
tes 7 
° $ 2 


i * n 
5 rr 
ö af wae 1 
1 ee: 
* * 7 55 
* , vie 8 
N 


* 


e 


Pry! A ya AI 
$2 eh 
= . 
: * 
Pe] 0 
8 2 ms Oe > 
ra 


RESINOL 


Soothing and Healing 


Nomatter howsevere 
or deep seated the 
skin trouble may be 
Resinol rarely fails 
to give prompt and 


i wnooPine coven, 
HOARSENGSS, 


WBRONCHITIS. 


% REMEOY 


~~ 


* . * Ma 
eee ~ eee meee 


7 


C. Franklin, of Point Loma, Cal.; Mrs. 
Mortimer C. Stern, of Anniston; a 


mad 
who, she claims, ordered 


“He fell — dying in my 
He fell to the ’ in 

; 3 
aged woman. crying a 
hollering, and don’t know what hap- 
pened until someone took my son away 
in an automobile.” 

Mrs. Jones’ testimony was the sen- 
sation of the day, and she eon tly 
looked at Davis, who was seated at 
counsel’s table beside his wife, with 
the youngest of her ten children. All 
the children were present in the court- 
room. 

Miss Alma Davis told of a meeting 
she and her mother hand, with Jones 
and his wife and mother, and their 
roadside struggle. 

“Unele Elmer beat my mother and 
looded my nose,” she testified. 

“Uncle Elmer said to my mother 1 
love you,’ and then he hit her. She 
said Jones offered à fieree struggle 
before they overpowered him; that her 
enraged father came to the scene, but 
went away, and that she and her 
mother took her father away when he 
came up the second time armed with 
a stick. 

Mrs. Davis is standing staunchly by 
her husband, despite the fact that her 
aged father and her other relatives 
are all testifying against him. 

J. J. Jones, aged 81, spoke in fiery 
defense of his son. He told how he 
had pleaded with his son to stay at 
home, and admitted that the youth, a 
strapping fellow, had been drinking 
stump rum. 

“He Got Me.” 

Mrs. Elmer Jones, wife of the dead 
man, told of her. struggle to keep 
Jones from going to the Davis home. 
She also told of meeting Mrs. Davis 
and her daughter, who sought to de- 
tain him, even to the point of grap- 
pling with him and searching his pock- 
ets for weapons. 

Deputy Lane Mullally testified that 
after the shooting,, Jones said, “Davis 
told me he would kill me and he 
got me.” 

The Davis and Jones families reside 
at Franklinton, the site of former 
Camp Wheeler, where they operate 
farms. 

The case will probably go to the 
jury tomorrow. 


MISS ELLIE FRANKLIN 
TO REST IN OAKLAND 


Funeral services for Miss Ellie 
Franklin, of 619. Highland avenue, 
who, for many years, had been connect- 
ed with Frohsin’s as head saleslady, 
and who was a widely-known business 
woman, will be conducted in the chap- 
el of. Barclay & Brandon: at 3 o’clock 
Thursday afternoon. Interment will 
follow in Oakland cemetery. Miss 
Franklin died at her residence Tues- 
day night. She had made Atlanta 
her home all her life. 

She is survived by a brother, Charles 
Franklin; five sisters, Miss Hennie, 
Mrs. Gordon Hiles and Mrs. Charles 
IL. Parson, of Atlanta; Mrs. Paul 


fi niece, Miss Maxine Hiles, and two 


' KAMPER TO ATTEND 


the National Association of Retail 


MINISTERS ARE NAMED 


FOR METHODIST SCHOOL ° 


nephews, Gordon and George Hiles. 


GROCERS’ MEETING 


Franeis E. 


Kamper, president of 


Grocers, and J. H. MeLaurin, presi- 
dent of the Southern Wholesale Gro- 
cers’ association, have been invited to 
deliver addresses at the quarterly con- 
vention of the Georgia Wholesale 
Grocers’ association, to be held in 
Macon January 26. 

Mr. Kamper, one of the best-known 
of Atlanta’s business men, has accept- 
ed the invitation. He will address the 
convention at the morning session. 

Mr. McLaurin has expressed a 
strong desire to be at hand, and will 
if his engagements permit. Other- 
wise, he will be represented by E. L. 
Adams, secretary of the southern as- 
sociation. 

All wholesale grocers of Georgia, 
whether members of the association or 
not, are invited. , 


GEORGIA’S BIRTHDAY 
PROGRAM ARRANGED 


Sunday, February 12, is Georgia’s 
birthday. A special program has been 
arranged by the Georgia .Sunday 
School association, and a free copy 
may be secured by writing to the. 
headquarters of this association dat 
917 Hurt building, Atlanra. 

This is one of a number of special 
day programs for giving variety in 
the Sunday school worship period, | 
which have been issued by the asso- 
ciation during the past few months. 
The program deals with the founding 
of the state of Georgia with a gov- 
ernment based on “wisdom, justice 
and moderation,” and tne needs of 
Georgia today in the matter of relig- 
iously educating, the large, number 
who are being untouched by any Sun- 
day school. 


MEMBERS OF ROTART 


Rabbi David Marx, of the Jewish 
temple, and Father James Horton, of 
the Sacred Heart Catholic church, will 
be formally introduced as new mem- 
bers of the Atlanta Rotary club next 
Tuesday by Rotarian M. Ashby Jones, 
pastor of tae Ponce de Leon Baptist 
church, it was announced at Tuesday’s 
meeting of the Rotary club in the 
Piedmont hotel. A number of commit- 
tee reports were made at the meeting, 
and A. S. Adams, of the program com- 
mittee, announced that plans have 
been made for the club’s “father and 
son” luncheon on February 7. 


WORKERS LEAVE HERE. 


By uae, Te arts i ete Sa re Rae Ea at a 
8 PP 


n * a 


John D. Wester, of 164 Ponce de 
Leon avenue, well-known Atlanta citi- 
zen, and for many years in the piano 
business at 27 South Broad street, 


died in a private hospital Wednesday 


‘morning at the age of 56. 


He is survived by his widow, for- 
merly Miss Cora Whitley; a sister, 
Mrs. James Neel, of Fairburn; a 
brother, Frank Wester, of Atlanta; a 
niece and two nephews, all of Atlanta. 

Funeral services for Mr. Wester will 
be conducted at 2:30 o’clock Friday 
afternoon at the Second Baptist church 
by Rev. Henry Alford Porter. Inter- 
ment will follow in West View ceme- 
tery, where Piedmont lodge, F. & A. M., 
will conduct services at the grave- 
side. H. M. Patterson & Son are in 
in charge, 

Mr. Wester, who was born in Pal- 
metto, came to Atlanta 34 years ago, 
and has been in the piano business ever 
since. He was a member of Piedmont 
lodge, F. & A. M.; Coeur de Lion com- 
mandery, No. 4, Knights Templar; 
Yaarab Temple, of the Shrine; the 

oodmen the World, the Red Men 
and the d Fellows. 


R. D. T. LAWRENCE 
HEADS TRUSTEES 
OF SOLDIERS’ HOME 


R. D. T. Lawrence, of Marietta, 
was re-elected president of the board 
of trustees of the Confederate Sol- 
diers’ home here at a meeting of the 
board held at the home Wednesday. 

Other officers re-elected were as fol- 


Ws: 

J. R. Webb, Lawrenceville, vice 
president; W. E. McAllister, superin- 
tendent, re-elected for the fourth time; 
Dr. F. L. Corley, surgeon in charge; 
Dr. L. S. Patton, house physician and 
secretary; George S. Owens, of Ma- 
rietta, steward, and Dr. A. K. Hol- 
derby, College Park, chaplain, re- 
elected for the twenty-first time. 

T. L. Massey, of Decatur, was ap- 
pointed by Governor Hardwick to fill 
the unexpired term of Frank E. My- 
ers as a trustee. 

The investigating committee in- 
spected the home and hospital and re- 
ported to the trustees that the sani- 
tary conditions were the best in years, 

Following dinner, at which Superin- 
tendent and Mrs. McAllister were host 
and hostess, the trustees adjourned to 
132 on the third Wednesday in 

pril. 


OHIO DAIRY FARMERS 
WANTS GEORGIA SITE 


Labor difficulties on northern dairy 
farms, added to high-priced lands and 
depressed markets for the product, are 
giving added value to the advertising 
of Georgia’s dairy opportunities in 
northern live stock and dairy publica- 
tions by the Georgia association, ac- 
cording to President H, G. Hastings, 
who has made public a letter received 
from a large Ohio dairy farmer, seek- 
ing a location in Georgia where there 
may be found a profitable market for 
the output from 100 dairy cows. 

“I want,” says the letter, “a farm 
or plantation suitable for dairy pur- 
poses near some good town where there 
is a good opening for milk business. 
I have milked 100 cows here in Ohio, 
but have muth labor trouble and I am 
looking for better climate, more labor 
and better market. Please send me 
your Georgia booklets and anything 
else you know that you think would 
assist me.” 

President Hastings has sent an ear- 
nest invitation to this Ohio dairyman 
to visit Georgia, has referred him to 
the large delegation of Ohio farmers 
who visited Georgia during the recent 
American farm bureau convention, and 
also has called upon the commissioner 
of agriculture to send data that will 
tend to interest him in Georgia’s won- 
derful dairy opportunities. 


Rich & Brothers’ 


Banquet to Be Held 
Thursday Evening 


M. Rich & Bros. Co. will hold their 
annual banquet at 7 o’clock Thursday 
evening at the Standard club, on 
Washington street, it is announced by 
Lucian York, manager of the store. 

Presentation of the customary cash 
bonus, given yearly by the company 
to each of its employees, will be a 


‘feature of the banquet. These bonuses 


are awarded by the company each 
year as a reward for faithful service 
upon the parts of the recipients. 
Speeches by members of the firm 
and by representatives of the em- 
ployees, will have a place in an inter- 
esting program. An attractive musi- 
cal program has also been arranged, 
and will add much to the occasion. 


TECH BAND TO GIVE 
CONCERT ON SUNDAY 


The Georgia Tech R. O. T. C. band 
will give a concert at 3 o’clock Sunday 
afternoon, January 22, at the Audi- 
torium. The city organist will give 
several organ selections, 

An invitation to attend is extended 
the governor, Mayor Key and other 
state and city officials; local officials 


S — re 5 
Sr at, BR 22 N aw 3 4. 


lla Reser 
1 2 25 * 
ü I 
jigs 
? 


eee me n 1 we = 15 maw bs * 1 
A BETS 
4 * 


E 
72 

5 * 

ae 


BIRTHDAYS WILL | 
BE CELEBRATED 


birthdays ‘of 2 By 

and General Stonewall Jackson, con- 

federate leaders and two of the great- 

est military figures in history, will be 
— — ri 


publi legislative hall 
at the state . General Jack- 
son’s birthday falls on January 
2 two days after that of 


Patriotic addresses, music and the 
bestowal on six Atlantans of crosses 
of honor will feature the occasion. J. 
S. Dozier, commander of Atlanta camp, 
U. C. V., will preside, assisted by Mrs. 
John A. Perdue, president of the At- 
lanta chapter, U. D. C. The crosses 
will be bestowed by Mrs. Perdue, as- 
sisted by Mrs. Hal Hentz, custodian 
of the crosses of honor. The Knights 
Templar double quartet has been en- 
gaged to sing. 

The principal address, a eulogy on 
the lives of Lee and Jackson, will be 
delivered by Judge John S. Candler. 
All patriotic and religious organiza- 


cises. 


Georgians Now Able 
To Witness Carpentier 
Dempsey Fight Pictures 


Atlantans who were unable to se- 
cure ringside seats at the Dempsey- 
Carpentier fight, held in Jersey City 
on July 4, will be able to view them 
now that danger of federal prosecution 
for transporting them has been dis- 
posed of. W. H. Rudolph, connected 
with a motion picture concern, ap- 
peared in the office of ©. W. Hager, 
United States attorney, Wednesday 
and stated that he wished to plead 
guilty to a charge of violating the fed- 
eral law which makes illegal the trans- 
portation from state to state of pic 
tures of prizefights. 

In spite of the argument presented 
by Mr. Rudolph’s attorneys that the 
pictures were of exceptionally high 
grade, and that the federal law had 
been passed to prohibit — interstate 
transportation of the Jeffries-Johnson 
fight pictures, Judge W. I. Grubb im- 
posed a fine of $500 on the defendant. 

It is understood that, as the federal 
law applies only to transporting pic- 
tures of prize fights from state to 
state, Mr. Rudolph will now be free 
to exhibit the pictures in Atlanta in 
the near future. 


Bread made from clay, grass and 
moss, as eaten by the victims of ‘the 
Russian famine, was recently exhibit- 
ed at Riga. 


b. 16 Mar. 23 Apr. 13 

.. . Feb. 18 Mar, 25 Apr. 29 

Feb. 21 Mar. 15 Apr. 5 

NEW TORK —VICO (Spain) HAVRE 

ROUSSILLON Feb, 11 

LA BOURDONNAIS Mar. 11 

TOURS IN ALGERIA & MOROCCO 
Sailings from Bordeaux or Marseilles 
Three and Four-Week Motor Trips. 

Write for interesting descriptive literature. 

JOHN BORN 


X. . ent, 
1108 Candler Bldg. 
Atlanta. Ga. 


Wurz STAR 


New York, Cherbourg, wa gay 9 og 
N. Y., Liverpool; Philadelphia,. Liverpool; 
New York—Boston, Azores, Naples, Genoa; 

Montreal, Quebec, Liver 


New York, Plymouth, Cherbourg, Antwerp, 
Hamburg. Libau. — 


AMERICAN LINE 


New York, Cherbourg. Hamburg. Danzig. 
For sailings and other information apply, 
International Mercantile Marine Cn. 
John T. North, General Agent, 
G64 North Forsyth St. Atlanta. Ga. 


ee 


& Freight -—™ 
Services from New. York 
CHERBOURG AND SOUTHAMPTON 
ANIA Feb. 7 Feb. 28 Mar. 21 
Apr. 4 Apr. 25 May 16 


BERENGARIA May 30 June 20 July 11 


Direct Irish Services 


UEENSTOWN AND LIVERPOOL. 
Jan. 26 eng 1 Mar. 22 


ALBANIA Apr. 1 
CAMERONIA ....Mar. 11 
LONDONDERRY AND GLASGOW 
ALGERIA 7 1 May 12 
ASSYRIA 17 f 


HALIFAX, LONDONDERRY & GLASGOW 
ER Feb. 25 


ALGERIA 
HALIFAX, PLYMOUTH, CHERBOUR 
AND HAMBURG 
SAXONIA Jan. 21 Mar. 7 
BOSTON TO LONDONDPRRY, LIVERPOOL 
AND GLASGOW 
ASSYRIA ©. ccccercs> Feb. 4 2 May 23° 
Cunard and Anchor Steam Ship Lines. 
55 N. Forsyth St., Atlanta, or Local Agts. 


USTRALIA 


HONOLULU, SUVA,NEW ZEALAND 
The Palatial Passenger Steamers 
R. M. 8. Niagara“ R. M. S. Makura“ 
20,000 Tons 13,500 Tons 
Sail from Vancouver, B. C. 
For fares and sailings, apply Canadian Pac. 
Ry., Healey Bidg., cor. Forsyth and Walten 
Sts., Atlanta, or to Canadian-Australasian 


of the army, navy and marine corps, 
and the public. 


only saved enough 


Three workers employed by the 
Georgia Sunday association left 


Royal Mail Line, 741 Hastings St. West, 
Vancouver, B. C. 


A Good Old Man 


Past seventy and about ready to quit 
work once said that he drew a pension 
of fifty dollars a month, and if he had 


to give him an in- 


come of another fifty dollars he and his 


wife could spend their last years in 


> * 1 
7 oe ¥ 1 


ENTS IANS HOLD. h 
IN STATE TAXES| MEETING TONIGHT” Faneral 


ee ’ 


: 


Many insurance agents in Fulton | | Tull 
have failed to pay the spechl Medical society will ‘meet 
1922 tax imposed on them, and un- . 
lode They Say Se catty Une ot ee the Chamber of Commerce building.. 


This afternoon at 3 o’clock, che i 
Gentral: Robert E. Lee 


sy 


AP es iy por ee eh — et Sg 
411 
7 ? E ts 
f 2 


“a 7 1 


8 r 92 Pet ga n n * 8 = = * ~ em 
- 2 vd sae , * 4 . 
9 — ae 7 4 in 4 3 7 * 5 ay 
* é x * 4 . 4 3 * a ‘ 


= © N 
' ‘ ba 1 
r ‘ 
* ö 
7 — H 


* 
5. 
7 


"prvsicians non e 


Members. of the Fulton County} 


4 


session Thursday Might at 8 o'clock in 


SPARLING PRESIDENT 
or LAW SCHOOL CLASS 


John N. Sparling, of Decatur, was 


2 . 1 : * . 3 . 
. 1 7 2 = 
mes “ 2 , hy ee q N 
Vu 4 > 2 5 2 os kt 2 - * > 
: 
5 
* 


5 bls f ] > | 5 ; Se * ie ets 


TERY | of LANIER COU, | 


esl 
NAU 


ready for operation in the course of 
weeks as soon as the necessary. 


few . 
papers can be fixed and the 


elected president of the senior class 
of the Atlanta Law school for the 
spring term, at a meeting held by the gtancy in 


‘solicitor. — 


A million hours — 1807 
ag > was in the midst of ‘the ware 
with Napoleon. 2 f 


* . — — 
— — — — WA 


tions, school children and the general |. 
public is invited to attend the exer- 


class Tuesday evening. 


— ¶ ñ n — 


1 


. 82 
= — 


STAR LINE | 


The new MAJESTIC. 


"(56,000 tons) 
largest ship in the world 


be OLYMPIC. 


(46,500 tons) 


Tlie new HOMERIC: ° 


(35,000 tons) 


. 


largest twin-screw steamer known internationally for 


in the world her magnificence 


The White Star Line announces that. begin- 
ning in the spring of 1922 these great liners— 
three of the world’s largest ships—will maintain 
a weekly schedule of sailings from New York 
to Cherbourg and Southampton. 


Teamed together on the Cherbourg-South- 
ampton route, the Majestic, Homeric and 
Olympic provide regular passenger service with 
a class of accommodations heretofore obtain- 
able only at intervals, and to a limited propor- 
tion of European visitors. 


For individual grandeur, power and luxurious 
appointments, each ship marks the high tide of 
achievement in providing comfort at sea. The 
experience and finished skill of White Star 
service which has created the reputation of a 
long line of famous ships, culminating in the 
prestige of the Olympic, maintains last word 
standards aboard these mighty vessels. 


The spring schedule has been arranged so as 
to provide full convenience of service for those 
experienced travelers who plan heir trips in 
time for the springtime gayety and beauty of 
England and the Continent. 


— 


. 7 
N 4 
* . — — , 
* 10 N > 
* J 
+, * . 
N N 
N : 7 - a } 
N 5 — f — 7 
5 * 4 
* ) | 


5 
oa 7 
> 
* 
1 


* 


a. 


(56,000 tons) 
The world’s largest ship 


Fresh from the shipyards, a striking feature of this 
great lirier is the — and loftiness of her public 
rooms which form a suite of matvelous beauty, with 
ceilings as high as those of stately halls in European 
castles. An uninterrupted view of 253 feet can be 
had through the center of the dining and lounging 
roéms. The dining room, with enormous floor 
space, has a ceiling 31 feet high. To achieve this 
architectural effect the smokestacks are divided 
above the boiler room, carried up the sides and 
reunited above the upper deck. 


Dimensions: 956 feet long, 100 feet wide. Height 
from water to deck 102 feet, draft 38 feet, quad- 
ruple screw. Turbine engines 1 100,000 
h. p. Passenger capacity: 900 first cabin, 700 second 
cabin, 2500 third. Crew 1000. Number of state- 
rooms 1256. The ship is an oil burner with a speed 
of 23 knots. 


comparative comfort. 


=A, 
* 


Atlanta Wednesday to attend a two- 
day school of methods at the First 
Methodist church, in Americus. They 
were R. D. Webb, general superintend- 
ent: Miss Myra Batchelder, superin- 
tendent of the Atlanta division, and 
Miss Cora Holland, state Young Peo- 
ple’s division superintendent. 


VANGUARD CLASS 
ro HAVE RABBIT FEAST 


The Vanguard class of the Pryor 
street Presbyterian church, and their 
friends, will have a barbecued rabbit 
supper Friday night, prepared by Cap- 
tain O. J. Parker, a member. The 
class and guests will assemble at 7:30 


SAVINGS DEPARTMENT 

ge oe Meares e, 

. Bloc 4% Interest Paid 
n BODY OF w. E VOLLMER 3 

is senr To pattas i Fagroig Savings Bank & Trust Co 


The body of Walter EB. Vollmer, 
aged 35, an auditor of the Hartford Member Federal Reserve Bank 


The OLYMPIC 


(46,500 tons) 
Known throughout the world 
as the ship magnificent 


Her complete interior charm, 
luxurious accommodations and 
+ faultless service have made her 
the choice of exacting travelers 
in every nation on both sides of 
the Atlantic. A vetanda café, 
swimming library of several 


ar 


* 


) TO-NIGH 


8 


Fifty dollars per month! A mere pit- (35,000 tons) 
tance! Six hundred dollars a year! 
The price of the happiness of two good 


old souls! You waste more yearly! 


* gee 


Electric heaters in state- 


Large and spacious prom- 2 


enade decks. Lofty and Electric 
luxurious public rooms, all on 
the upper deck, characterize 
this other mammoth product 
of marine art and engineering. 
Open fires in reading, writing, 


music and smoking rooms. 


: 
* 


Arig ö 

— * 933 

iv U 

a d. vs 6 1 ¥ 

ae * 1 ay 
2 — 

> 7. 
‘ 


ae 


2 


wee on 
me 


Will you have enough to keep you 
when you have reached seventy? Be 
sure of it! One dollar in pur 


775 feet lon 
30,000 h. p. Speed 20 knots. 


— 


ay 8 
iy! 


thousand volumes, private suites 
unsurpassed in any hotel de luxe. 


INTERNATIONAL i 
Auen Agent: J. T. NORTH, 66: North Forsyds Street. 


* 2 1 de 7 , — = 2 
4 1 — 1 — = = — * + 
— ——. a oe ONE Ä 
— — — — — — 5 


1 —— 


Fire Insurance company, has been 
. : . tes 


* 


Ia N 
J ped? rag “4 Pater Ae * * = 8 
r = , as : ; a ed x * Si 8 2 


* 2 
og a 
ee ee , „ * — — — —— a . — 3 7 3 
. 7 Le 5 * * 5 e R . a : ** 2 x 1 — . 5 a. 
J ͤ as Se a Ware aM PU 2 
.’wʒ.᷑.Ulß ; fo: Tas ee ee ail She ae a ee £ "sas 
8 . Arte 8 3 igh te? Aaa 8 59 3 * ith 3 n N 1 erage se 
Re are * 8 3 0 a: ; . ö 4 
3 5 * feck 7 . 
2 


4 


e 
nee 2 
Tbs, 


3 ~*~ — . 
wrt. Sh Pex 
7 9 * SAR e 13 ed > “> ‘Biiegan ie hy PR Ee we 23 Ce ie rade ee 
7 — ey N oS * 8 1 Seg? 2 7 5 
ov ~~ . 9 * — * 4 4 Bes 
* F aon ö T 8 “ee 1 Sw 
* "Se as 2 4 4 
2 ; * 
= — 4 2 
1 i. N 
‘ — ~~ 
* i 
> i N 
— > 
> 5 
— * 9 
1 1 
> 
2 * * 
* * 
. 


; A tl 45 ta Club 
Secures Loan 
For Auditorium 


The Atlanta Woman's elub has se- 
cured a $60,000 loan to complete pay- 
ment on the handsome new auditorium 
which has been built as a necessary 
adjunct to their beautiful clubhouse 


at 968 Peachtree street. 

The Volunteer Life Insurance com- 
pany, of essee, has taken over 
the debt, which is to be paid in 15 
years, with interest at 6 1-4 per cent. 

An interesting detail of the terms 
of the loan is that besides a first 
mortgage, on the property, group in- 
surance on sixty members of the ciub 
is included as part of the plan. 

These members, it was stipulated, 
must’ be between 20 and 30 years of 
age. The requisite number has been 
and <ne of the insurance 


; — — — 
Miss Dickey Is Bride 


Of Jesse Frank Carreh 


1 


U.D. . n 
To Be Unveiled 
In Decatur Today 


The Agnes Lee chapter, U. D. C. 
at Agnes Scott college, will sponsor 
the unveiling of the granite memorial 
this afternoon of the engagement be- 
tween Wheeler’s cavalry and federal 
troops in the battle of Atlanta, on 
July 22, 1864. 

Scot Candler WIII be master of 
ceremonies, and the addresses will be 
given in the college chapel. Principal 
speaker of the afternbon will he 
Charles D. McKinney, and little Eliz- 
abeth Scott, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 
John Scott, will unyeil the memorial. 

The entire program will be under 
the direction of Mrs. James A. Camp- 
bell, who is chairman of the Agnes 
Lee chapter committee, which is car- 
rying forward the work of marking, 
in a suitable manner, the spots of his- 
toric interest in and néar atur. 


nern 


City Federation Endorses 
Bond Issue for Good Roads 


The first zun was fired yesterday, eridge at the good roads meet in Chi- 
in the Georgia Good Roads associa- eae this week to push the movement 
tion’s campaign for an amendment to] to, rid the highways of advertising 
the state constitution and a 578, signs, and urged that the city federa- 
‘080,000 bond issue to match the fed- tion, even ore their return, should 
eral appropriation for good roads in| put itself on record as being in readi- 
the address of T. J. Farmer, Jr., of | ness to act with them, Mrs. John K. 
Newnan, campaign director for the Ottley was made chairman of the com- 
association, before. the City Federa-| mittee on the removal of unsightly 
tion of Women’s Clubs, this being Mr. | si those blots on the beauty of 
Farmer’s first public address since any highway. 

intment. eee An invitation was extended by Mrs. 
Farmer, campaign director, and | Thornton to all those present and all 
Judge G. H. Howard, attorney to the | members of the federation to a good 
association, were the principal speuk- roads meeting, in the interest, e al- 
ers. Mrs. Albert E. Thornton, who is ly, of the Bankhead highway, Friday, 
vice president of the Georgia Good | 27th, at 10:30, which will be addressed 
Roads association, the only woman by leaders in the good roads move- 
on the board of directors of the Na- ment, the details to be announced lat- 
tional Good Roads association, and is 


Tue marriage of Miss Claire Dickey 
and Jesse Frank Carreker took place 
yesterday at noon at the First Meth- 
odist church, in Griffin; and was wit- 
nessed by a large assembly of friends 
and relatives. Bishop Warren A. Can- 
eller performed the ceremony. 
Decorations at Church. 

Palms and ferns banked the church 
altar, while pedestal baskets, holding 
Easter lilies, were arranged between 
cathedral candlesticks holding unshad- 
ed candles. 

The ushers were James L. Dickey, 
Jr. James P. Hanner, Julian Setze 
and Edwin Robesen, all of Atlanta. 

Dr. Hoyt Reeves, of Commerce, 
Ga.. acted as Mr. Carreker’s best 
man. 


mother of the groom. war 
a black charmeuse. 
The bride is a most attract 
woman and she is quite 
Atlanta. Mr. and Mrs. Carrteker 
reside in Atlanta. ~- 
Out-of-Town Guests, 
Among the out-of-town — 
were Mrs. James L. Davidson, 
Florida; Dr. and Mrs. C. EL @ 
Eugene and Dickey d, of & 
university; the Rev. aa Mrs. 1 
Jones, Misses Anne 
Jessie Minerva Jones, 
ville; Mr. and Mrs. Robert Stem 
land. Jr., of Atlanta; James 
Dickey, Jr., of Atlanta; Mrs, 2. 35 
Carreker and Miss Cleo Carreker, @ 
Molena; Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Wilkes: 
of Molena; Mrs. C. E. Dowman, Bis 


Claire Hanner, Miss Clara Cole, 


* 8 
Women's Meetings | 


The Confederate History clasa 
will hold a ceelbration.in honor 
of General Lee's birthday on 
Thursday morning next, at 10:30 
o'clock, at Carnegie library. 


Social Events 


Miss Margaret Wilkinson will 
give a bridge-luncheon for Miss 
Mamie Craig Wills. 


Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Malone 
will entertain at flinner this eve- 
ning in compliment to their broth- . 
er, Wickliffe Gray, of New York, 
the guest of Mr. and Mrs. W. W. 
Austell. 


This evening the business wom- 
en’s committee of the North Ave- 
nue Presbyterian church, corner 
Peachtree and North avenue, 
will hold its regular monthly 
meeting at the churchhouse. Snp- 
per will be served at 6:30 o'clock. 


zadete as 

Dinner-dance and get-together 
party of the Kappa Alpha fra- 
ay at the Piedmont Driving 
club. 


The Panhellenic council of the 


The Parent-Teacher association 
of Formwalt Street school will 
entertain the fathers next Thurs- 


chairman of the woman’s commission, 
Bankhead national highway, is presi- 
dent of the City Federation of Wom- 
en’s Clubs, and presided at the meet- 
ing which was held at Steinway hall. 

Resolutions endorsing the Georgia 
association’s purpose were first read 
by Mrs. W. L. Percy, chairman of the 
committee on resolutions, and before 
the vote was taken, the explanatory 
talks were asked for from Mr. Farmer 
and Judge Howard. 


Resolutions Passed. 

The resolutions were as follows: 

Whereas, the passage of the Townsend- 
Dowell bill has made $75,000,000 immediate- 
ly aveilable as federal good roads throughout 
the United States; each state being re- 
quired to match the federal aid dollar for 
dollar in constructing the roads. 

Whereas, the sparsely settled counties in 
Georgia will not be able to meet this re- 
quirement and Georgia’s share of $1,997,957, 
will not be available unless the state can 
issue bonds to meet the conditions imposed 
by the federal government. 

Be it resolved, That the Atlanta City Fed- 
eration of Women’s Clubs indorse the plan 
proposed by the Georgia Good Roads asso- 
Gatjon, that the state constitution be amend- 
ed at the next meeting of the legislature, 
authorizing the issue of $75,000,000 bonds 
for good roads construction and that the 
bonds be voted for at the November elec- 
tion. These to be taken care of by 
‘the automobile tax and after five years the 
one cent tax on gasoline. : 

(Signed) MRS. ALBERT E. THORNTON, 

The resolutions committee includes: Mrs. 
William L. Per. chairman; Mrs. H. H. 
McCall, Mrs. J. K. Ottley, Mrs. Spencer 
e Mrs. Charles J. Haden. 

tate Bonds for Roads. 

Up to this time, Mr. Farmer ex- 
plained, the building of the state high- 
way system has been by counties. The 
individual county which had the fund 
to match the federal appropriation h 
done so, the combined fund being 
pended through the state highway 
mission. The amended law passed re- 
cently by congress has decreed hat 
the federal government will no longer 
deal with the counties, but only /with 
the states. Georgia has no state fund 
for roads. Therefore, unless Georgia 
raises a state fund—and this ca y 
be done by an amended consti on 
and a bond issue—she will lose the 
federal appropriation. | 

The law, as it has stood heretofore, 
will remain in effect for three years 
longer. The bord issue must first be 
passed by the legislature, then | sub- 
mitted to a vote of the people. Unless 
the legislature of 1922 takes the = 
sary measures, therefore, thus alow- 
ing the election by the people in 1923, 
the necessary legislation and elertion 
would be delayed until 1924, and Geor- 
via would lose the $2,700,000 f eral 
appropriation. 

"Tee shantice, relieved of the fespon- 
sibility of building the main highways, 
could spend their effort on the scarce- 
ly less necessary tributary roads.. 

The plan proposed by the highway 
association, the two speakers ex- 
plained, would entail no more tax on 
Georgia. The automobile tax and, aft- 
er five years, the gasoline tax, would 
provide the means. Instead of being 
spent as it is now, in small sums by 
counties. it would be capitalized, the 
loan could be retired in 30 years, and 
the work of building the state system 
of roads would be done in five or six 
years. instead of probably 30. 

Judge Howard stressed especially 
the value of the state highway system, 
enumerating its many advantages, and 
pointing with special emphasis to its 
promotion of the usefulness. of the con- 
solidated county schools, recognized as 
a most powerful factor in the npbuild- 
ing of the state, and, according to 
State Superintendent M. L. Brittain, 
whom he quoted, dependent entirely 
for their full breadth of effectiveness 
on the success of the highway move- 
ment. 

Good Roads and Forestry. 

Mrs. Thornton then introduced Wil- 
liam Rudland, secretary of the Geor- 
gia Forestry association, with the 
announcement that it will be another 
work for the women to tie up the 
movement for good roads with the for- 
estry movement, 

Mr. Rudland placed forcefully be- 
fore the women the rapid and danger- 
ous waste of Georgia forests. Of for- 
est fires alone there have been 20,000 
in five years. 

There are no laws in Georgia, there 
is no protection for the forests, and 
he gave as a striking result of forest 
waste the West Point flood, which was 
directly due to forest denudation. 

Mrs. W. B. Price-Smith offered a 
resolution, which was passed, that the 
city federation, of which Mrs. Lollie 
Belle Wylie is chairman of the division 
of forestry, urge upon every club the 
appointment of a forestry chairman 
and active participation in the state's 
forestry movement. ; 

Mrs. R. K. Rambo, chairman of 


good roads for the city federation, chen 


Announced that her committee, within 
the past few days, had actively begun 
the work of planting trees to line the 
Bankhead highway in Fulton county. 
The city federation has pledged itself 
to make a road of remembrance along 
the Bankhead highway. The first 
money has come in for the tree plant- 
ing, the Needlework Guild asking that 
they be allowed to plant a memorial 
tree to Henry Brown, son of Mrs. Ed- 
ward T. Brown, their first president. 
The Newnan club has also sent in its 
check. 

Mrs. Price-Smith suggested that in- 
dividual members might also plant 
memorial trees. : 

Mrs. B. M. Boykin, chairman of the 
tree-planting committee for the feder- 
ation, then announced that the Atlanta 
Woman's elub would plant a tree for 
the son of every club member who 
had gone overseas. 

Mrs. Bolling Jones called attention 
to the pledge made by Warren Neal, 


er. 

Other interesting announcements 
were those made by Mrs. Boykin con- 
cerning the placing of the loan on the 
Woman's club auditorium; a mass 
meeting on citizenship, to be called 
at an early ‘date by Mrs. Alonzo 
Richardson, chairman of the division 
of citizenship, General Federation of 
Women’s Clubs; a conference an- 
nounced by Mr. Rudland on forestry, 
to include leading Georgians, men and 
women, on January 30, when 
Peters, of the forestry service, depart- 
ment of agriculture, will be the guest 
of honor, and an announcement by 
Mrs. J. K. Ottley concerning the con- 
tinuanee of the Woodrow Wilson 
foundation, details of all of which ap- 
pear in other columns today. 


First Lecture 
Of University 
Series Tonight 


It is noticeable,” said a promi- 
nent ddubwoman the other day, “the 
number ot transient women there are 
in Atlanta continually who are look- 
ing for something more stimulating 
than the average movie and the aver- 
age theater or other form of amuse- 

ent. Many times they feel they are 

ere for too short a time to affiliate 
actively with the women’s organiza- 
tions, or the particular organization 
with which they work is philanthropic 
in its ends and pulls the heart-strings 
to the exclusion of the brain cells. 
There ought to be something educa- 
— here to keep us from stagna- 
on. 

And so it seems peculiarly fitting 
that some few weeks after this speech 
the educational committee of the 
Council of Jewish Women should an- 
nounce a-eourse of lectures bringing 
the university to the city in a commu- 
nity fashion that invites everybody 
to partake of the refreshment it of- 
fers. 

The series.will be inaugurated today, 
and there will be no red tape in the 
form of introductions and explanatory 
speeches. There will be simply the 
lecturer, Dean Williams, of Emory. 
who will give his address in pure uni- 
versity style, conforming to univer- 
sity hours, fifty minutes, and address- 

to the citizenry. 

The interest and therefore the at- 
tendance of everyone is invited. Dean 
Williams will speak at 8 o'clock 
Thursday evening at Wesley Memo, 
rial church on “Great Britain Today, 
What She Is Doing, Thinking and 
Saying.” 


— — — — 


| SOCIAL ITEMS | 


Robert Randall left yesterday for 
South Carolina after a visit to Mr. 
and Mrs. W. W. Austell, on Austell 
way. He is a prominent resident of 
Dailas, Texas. 


ses 


McKenzie Barnes left yesterday 
for Passaic, N. J., where he will be 
connected with the Coca-Cola com- 
pany, and will in future reside 
there. He is the son of Mr. and 
Mrs, Edward H. Barnes, prominent 
Atiantans, and is a graduate of the 
Georgia Tech. 

ars 

Mr. and Mrs. Henry Heinz have 
returned from a visit to Miami, Fla., 
where they were entertained at 
many social affairs. 


Mr. and Mrs. Edward C. Peters 
will entertain informally this éve- 
ning in compliment to Mrs. Clayton 
Cooley, of Minneapolis, Minn., the 
1 of Mr. and Mrs. George Cran- 


b 


ss 
Mrs. J. C. Hunter has returned 
from Athens, where she visited her 
niece, Mrs. Barrett | Phinizy. 


Joseph F. Gatins, of New York, 
is in the gity. 
‘ ete 
Henry L. DeGive has returned 
from Cocoa, Fla. Mrs. DeGive will 
remain there at their winter home 
until the middle of February~ ' 


Mrs. G. Floyd Cox returned home 
Sunday after a delightful visit to 
her daughter, Mrs. E. B. Brown, of 
Bluefield, W. Va. te 


Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Chandler have 
returned from Baltimore, where 
they have been for a few weeks. 


Mrs William B. Etheridge has 
returned from St. Augustine, Fla., 
where she hae been since Decem- 
ber 23 

eee 

The friends of P. W. Rockmoor 
will be pleased to learn that he 
is convalescing at a sanitarium in 
northern Florida, after an attack of 
appendicitis, 


W. B. Etheridge left Monday for 
Augusta, where he will remain un- 
til February 1. é 


ees 
Mrs. Effie W. Little, of Kirk- 
wood, is spending a fortnight at 
Jacksonville and St. Augustine with 
relatives. 
ILL 
Mr. and Mrs. Ludlow Jordan, of 
Atlanta, are in Jacksonville, Fla. 
guests at Hotel Seminole. 


Colonel! W. T. Gentry left Tues- 
day morning for the east coast of 
Florida, expecting to take an auto- 
mobile trip from Jacksonville to 
Palm Beach, Miamf and return, and 
visiting St. Petersburg and Belle 
Air during the winter. 


Miss Margaret Hecht, whose stu- 
dio was burned in the McKenzie 
buildmg fire, has opened one in the 
‘Edison shop. 


‘ate highway engineer, and Pan! Eth- 


PRICES REDUCED on 
VICTOR RECORDS 


. 10-in. D. F. Records formerly 850 now...........75e 
12. in. D. F. Records formerly $1.35 now. 51.28 


1 ps rew Fiano . 
- ‘ a — * - 
. am e int: e 


ir 5 * 2 : 
22 
ar PE Ren 
Sey he * . 


„ 
r Oe 
CCC 
4 — 8 . 


J. L. 


| 


secured, 


company’s physicians will come to At- 


lanta at an early date to make the 
necessary examinations as to the risks. 
“Mrs. B. M. Borkin, president of 
the club, who has been in Chattanooga 
for seevral days at work on the nego- 
tiations, has returned to the city, and 
made the first announcement of her 
success at the meeting yesterday of 
the City Federation of Women’s Clubs. 
, President's Statement. 
“This is the first large loan ever 


made to a woman’s organization in 


the south,” said Mrs. Boykin, when 
asked about the transaction,“ and I 
feel that the club wil! be particularly 
gratified in the fact -that the com- 
pany's willingness to do business with 
us is because of their expressed con- 
viction of the stability of the clubs, 
the businesslike character of the or- 
ganization, and what it represents as 
an Atlanta institution. It is gratify- 
ing to the clubwomen, too, in that it 
is another instance of women’s prog- 
ress—their coming into their own, in 
the sense of self-confidence of being 
able to put over big things in a big 
and businesslike way. : 

“The women chosen for insurance 
I felt would he pleased, in that their 
choice is be use of their youth and 
their health. It has proven to be so, 
and many of them expressed their de- 
light that as “risks” they could thus 
further the interests cf the auditorium, 
even though they had not been able to 
contribute as liberally as they should 
like in funds. 

„It is a part of the arrangement 
with the insurance compan that at 
the end of ten years we can pay the 
entire indebtedness if we are ready 
to do so, and thus cancel the rest of 
the premiums. 

Mrs. Boykin Entertained. 


Mrs. Boykin during her several 
days’ business sojourn in Chattanooga, 
was handsomely entertained. 

A beautiful event in wihch she 
shared honors with Mrs. Rose V. S. 
Berry, of California, chairman of fine 
arts, General. Federation of Women’s 
Clubs, was the luncheon given Monday 
by the Woman’s club and the Cosmos 
club of Chattanooga. She was also a 
distinguished guest on ladies' night“ 
of the Saturday Pvening club, which 
is made up of leading professional 
men of Chattanooga, principally law- 
yers and doctors. 


Fifth District 


Organized For 
Wilson Drive 


Mrs. T. T. Stevens, chairman of 
the woman's committee for At- 
lanta, Woodrow Wilson foundation, 
has consented to act also as chairman 
for the fifth distriet, her apppointment 
coming from Miss Annie G. Wright, 
of Augusta, state chairman. 

She is rapidly effecting the organi- 
zation of the distret. Chairmen have 
been secured in Decatur, College Park, 
East Point and other centers, and the 
work of the women will made as sys- 
tematic as it has proved to be in 
Atlanta. 

Mrs. John K. Ottley, speaking at 
the 8 of the City Federation of 
Women’s Clubs, yesterday, for Mrs. 
Stevens, who was unable to be pres- 
ent, urged that the women themselves 
should not delay their subscriptions, 
and that while the American Legon is 
taking up active work in the solicita- 
tion of funds, that the women are not 
expected to relax their interest. 

“Speak to the men and women you 
know, about their subscriptions,” 
urged Mrs. Ottley. “People are not in 
the habit of having their contributions 
asked for. They forget to volunteer. 
Remind them of it, offer to take their 
subscriptions, give in their names with 
their money, and their receipt will 
thus be assured.” 

Headquarters will be maintained by 
the women at the Piedmont hotel. 
Ghecks may be turned in there or sent 
by mail to The Constitution, The Jour- 
— * R. C. Clay, Fulton National 

nk, 


Theodorou— Marinos. 


The engagement of Miss Fannie 
Theodorou and George Marinos was 
announced at a party held in conformi- 
ty with a Greek custom. and at which 
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Poulas and Mr. 
and Mrs. Sperro Poulas, uncles and 


day evening at 7:30 o’clock. 


The Edgewood P.-T. A. will 
hold its regular monthly meet- 
ing on Thursday, January 19, at 
the school. 

i —— 

The regular meeting of the 
Grant Park chapter, No. 178, O0. 
E. S., will be held this evening at 
7:30 o'clock. 


Lakewood chapter, No. 162 O. 
E. S., will hold a regular meeting 
this evening at 7:80 o’clock ‘at 
the Lakewood Masonic temple. 


Forrest Avenue Parent-Teach- 
er association will hold its month 
ly meeting today at 3 o'clock. 


At a meeting of the Alliance 
Francaise to be held today at 
3:30 o'clock, at assembly hall of 
the Carnegie. library, Madame 
Slifer will resume the interesting 
play of Fiancoise de Curel, Le 
Repas du Lion,“ and read the 
third act. 


Miss Mary Dickenson will 
speak on “School Hygiene” at the 
Decatur Junior High school at 3 
o'clock, 


The Faith School Parent- 
Teacher association will hold the 
regular monthly meeting at 3 
o’clock at the school. Mrs. Frank 
McCormack, president of the At- 
lanta P.-T. A. council, will be 
the speaker. 


* 


There will be a meeting of the 
zuvenile court committee, of the 
child's welfare department, of the 
Woman's club, today at 10:30 
o' clock at the clubhouse, Mrs. 8. 
F. Boykin. presiding. 


Mrs. John K. Ottley, chairman, 
calls a meeting of the executive 
committee of the Oglethorpe 
woman’s board at 10:30 o’cock, 
at the home of the president, Mrs. 
Lee Ashcraft. 


There will be a meeting of the 

. B. X. society this afternoon 
at 3 o’clock at the home of Miss 
Mary Rennie, 663 Ponce de Leon 
avenue. ket 

The first of a series of lec- 
tures to be given under the aus- 
pices. of the educational commit- , 
tee of the Council of Jewish 
Women, this evening at 8 o' clock, 
at Wesley Memorial hall. 


Alexander-M'Clure 


Tech High school will give a 
dance this evening at Garber hall, 
on Peachtree street. 


The Argentine club will hold 
its regular dance this evening 
at Segadlo’s. Admission by card. 


A bright affair of this evening 
will be the assembling of the mem- 
bers and friends of the Allah 
Wes Tee ciub at Roseland hall, 
Peachtree and Cain streets. 


The Old Guard will give their 
anniversary banquet and ball at 
the Capital City club tonight. 


The Ladies’ Aid society, of 
Westminster Presbyterian church, 


will have an oyster supper today. 
This will be in the front part of | 


The public is invited to the exercises 
today and the students of Agnes Scott 
and of the Decatur High sehool will 


attend. 


The memorial is 
boulder of granite appropriately’ in- 


an 


scribed. 


the new church from 6:30 


8:30 o'clock. 


Mrs. Hugh Willet will enter- 
Nineteenth Century 
History class and the Every Sat- 
urday club. at 3 o’clock at her 
home, 1185 Peachtree street. 


The Pi Pi society, of Washing- 
ton seminary, will be entertained 
by Miss Elizabeth Stark, 
Ponce de Leon avenue, this aft- 


tain, . the 


ernoon. . 


lanta, and sister of the bride, was 
the matron of honor and the only 
-attendant. She was gowned in a dark 
blue taffeta, made bouffant style, 
with a picture hat of purple, and car- 
ried a cascade bouquet of. Killarney 
roses, showered with Parma violets. 
Lovely Bride. 

The bride entered with her father, 
Dr. James L. Dickey, who gave her 
in marriage. She-wore a stylish tail- 
ored suit of blue poiret twill, and a 
touch of sand color. Ber hat was 
a French model in blue taffeta. and 
her corsage was of white orchids and 
valley lilies. 

Mrs. Dickey, mother of the bride, 
was gowned in a black Canton ‘crepe 
beaded with jet and a corsage of 
Parma violets. 


Mrs. J. P. Carreker, of Molena, Ga., 


Mrs. Robert Strickland, Jr., of At- J A. Setze. Misses Adelaide 8 


Elizabeth Setze. Mrs. George Witk 
ley, Mrs. W. C. Coles, Ella Cartes 
Mr. and Mrs. Addison Maupin, — 
John M. Daniel Mrs. © 
Roddey, Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Dum 
lap, Mr. and Mrs, Frank Atlee ane 
James P. Hanner, all of Atlanta. 
Immediately after the ceremony t8e 
bride and groom left for their we din 7 
trip, after which they will be at home 
in Columbia, S. C Sst 


Mrs. Crabbe to an 5 
Be Honored. 9 


> 
=, hia ae) 


3 * a 
Mrs. Owen Perry will entertain a 


an informal tea this afternoon at he 


home on Virginia avenue in comple 
ment to her “attraetive guest, Dita, 
Rosa H. Crabbe, of Cincinnati. = 


Engagement of 
Social Interest 


New Orleans, La., January 18.— 
Rev. and Mrs. William McF addin 
Alexander announce the engagement 
of their daughter, Miriam Caperton 
Alexander, to Dr. Matthew Thomp- 
son McClare, Jr., the wedding to be 
solemnized Tuesday, January 31, at 
the Prytania Street Presbyterian 
ehurch. 

This announcement will claim great 
interest as Miss Alexander is known 
for her great charm and beauty and 
is a general favorite in society. She 
is a member of a very old and aristo- 
cratic family, the Alexanders being 
direct descendants of the house of 
Stuart, and her mother was a Miss 
Bower, of Georgia. 

Mr. McClure belongs to an old Vir- 
ginia family and at present is mak- 
ing his home in Champaign, III. He 
is well known as a writer and lec- 
turer. 

Miss Alexander is a cousin of Mr. 
and Mrs. Byron Bower, of this city, 
and has been entertained at many 
affairs during her visits to Mr. and 
— Bower at their home on Wesley 
road. 


aunts of the bride-elect, were hosts. 
Rings were exchanged by the engaged 
couple. 

Miss Theodorou has been in the 
United States but litle more than six 
months. Mr. Marinos is proprietor of 
the Plaza cafe, in Pryor street. He 
has been here for several years and 
has numbers of friends in the eity 


Dont Ask for 


Edison 
Mazda 


Lamps 


perfect. 
On sale by 


> = 
C 


7 
; 
N * 
4 * * 
: 6 * J 2 PA ~ ** 4 
1 * ; . > 7 a 
1 5 * ptt 8 
. . N : ey” ; Sih by y * : 4 wgt 
* fey PE 8 4 ae ye +» oP KE } ee : * 
8 ; 9 3 * Yr 2 ‘ > “See 2 
5 N } we 2 — 
5 “ye 5 A lo Wy, . 1 r 1 by 
* ia >; 3 e PK fee 8 2 3 0 1 
* 2 1 ae — S * K 2 Pyong * Nr n 
8 3 5 7 a! 4 , ; ; 3 
cae 4 $F fi $ * + * &e 2 
; * — 8 
7 be s 1 — os Fy . x 
* 


Bulbs - Ask fo: 


Not the name of a thing, but the mark of a 

service.” When you come into our store and 

ask for Mazda Lamps, we know you will be 
1 satisfied with no other kind. 


These lamps represent the highest develop- 
ment in the lighting service. 
taken to see that each individual lamp is 


Every care is 


63 


Peachtree St. 

AS shat x 2 * 

= . * . * 
tet. @ 7 he N 

> 1 >? ee | 

4 . * th > 3 a — 8 0 ay 

R EC A 
, o 
e 
9 


—— : — 


55 25756656 8488885228288 


e 


i 
! 


Re 


$08 


[600000 


PX XXX XXX XIX XLII IIIS LOY YYYYYY 


Friday and Saturday Only 


000000000008, 


Cash Sale of Odd Pieces 


And Broken Suites 


(Third Floor) 


Furniture Exhibition Building 


In ¢ontiéetion with our Remodeling Sale, we have assembled on our third floor, hundreds of 3 
odd pieces and broken suites that have been accumulating for several months, g +2 


A Little Cash Will Do Wonders at This 
_ Odd-Piece Clearance. Don’t Miss It — 


* 


4 


5 


. 


f 
. 
ö 


ol 


1 5 


* 


i = 
bi} 
5 


In order that we might clear this space tomorrow and Saturday, we have made this a Special | 
Third Floor Cash Sale. | 


Prices on all these odd sample pieces have been reduced, in most instances, to less than 2 3 . : 
half, offering the best savings to be had in furnituredom. 950 


} 


Ei 
— 

‘a 
1 


9O990 0090900009050 


— —— — 


' 
, 


hogany 
Rocker 


xX XX) 


A 


822.50 Li- 


00009906068 


4x XX 


f 
oer er ere ee Or Ee 


eae Fil 
ae Ke irs 
phy «ie 


. 
4 F 


This fine $35.00 Ma- 


516.50 


brary Tables? 1 0. 00 


3 


‘ 


A large assoriment of Dressing 
finishes; worth up to $50; 


S &£ = e's @ e606 & 62 6.6 © 
* 


ables; all 


19.75 


These 60-inch Gold . 
Oak Buffets ; N N l “1 $39.00 


AAaaaea ui 


. 
Pus 


+ 


N 
* 1 


Mather 
Bros. 


Furniture Exhibition 
Building 

Cor. Hunter and Forsyth St. 

Wholesale and Retail 


A 


> Ls. Se > ae + n = 
8 . 3 — oO: ote VEE 5, ee gaat 
8 * tes aie 


oo 


5 


$47.50 Ma n o gan 
Dressers, 
N 


rf. 5 
ALL 
1 


SN WW 


$40 Mahogany Libr 
Tables 
at 


$17. 


— 
„ . 


2 Py 
ae ek 


: 
: 


+ 


L 
a 

— 

1 * 


1 — 


225 


9 


48 
* 8 
** 5 
; | 


hen , 
Cabinet.....¥ 


ele oe See * 8 , 1 Rees 5 
2 * ‘ 5 FEROS + 
. see SE FO ee 
r es 
a . a Pie.) oe. Pio 8 
1 1 a ww a N * Cae eae 
8. * Px , 1 7 
gers | * * — * ai uae cate = . A 


& * . “he As 
* 
oR et 


3 
. 3 5 5 
2 * 


~ prised me. 
hy they should, for they are not new. 


* THE DIFFICULT ART OF BEING A SUCCESSFUL 
GRANDMOTHER. 


A friend of mine, who is a widow 
with three sons and one especially be- 


: loved daughter, attained the honor of 


er about a year ago. 
Yesterday I saw her for the first 
time since the great event and she told 
me many things, some of which sur- 
And yet I do not know 


On the contrary, they are probably as 


old as the first grandmother and her 
kirst grandchildren—presumably Eve, 
and Cain or Abel’s children. 


Mx friend has lived alone for some 
> years in the old home in which her 
14 four children were ‘raised and has 
naturally been rather lonesome. Fortu- 


1 3 nately, her daughter lives but a few 
2 og blocks away, which helped a great deal, 
. 


To abort a cold 
and prevent com- 
plications take 


* 8 


The purified and refined 
calomel tablets that are 
nausealess, safe and sure. 


Vest pocket size, 10c; 
large family package, 
38e. Beware of imita- 
tions. 


CALL BELLE ISLE TAXICAB 


4 } } 


and I thought the advent of the baby 

would do even more to fill her with 

interest and bring back her youth. 
Here is what happened. The baby, 


instead of drawing mother and grand- 
mother together, has driven them 


apart. 

“You can’t imagine how queer Emily 
is since the baby came,” said my old 
friend. “She doesn’t seem to have any 
use for me any more. She hardly 
seems to want me to touch the baby 
and she never pays any attention to 
anything I say. And when a woman 
has brought up four children she 
ought to know something about babies, 
hadn’t she?“ 

In my friend’s eyes as she asked that 
questoin there was the hurt and grief 
that has been in grandmothers’ eyes 
since time immemorial, when they 
found that the fruit of their own ex- 
perience was rejected by their daugh- 
ters. 

I was just about as sorry for her as 
I could be for anyone in the world. 
And yet I was just as sorry for an- 
other person. And that was the third 
in this family triangle—the baby’s 
mother. 

I know Emily. I know just how 
enthusiastically and seriously she 
would take motherhood, just how sure 
she would be that all the new theories 
were absolutely vital, and just how 
hard it would be for her to stand in- 
terference and criticism even from her 
beloved mother. 


I have seen a great many grand- 
mothers in action. I have seen infi- 
nite friction and misunderstanding as 
the result, and I have come to the con- 
clusion that the only way grandmoth- 
ers and married daughters or daugh- 
ters-in-law can be happy together is 
for grandmothers to. realize that, after 


all, this is not their life and to fight. 


to keep their hands, or rather their 
tongues, off. Why they do this I 
think they have a chance of having 
their advice asked sometimes—and ad- 
vice that is asked for, is more often 
taken than advice that is gratuitously 
given. ; 

Of course there are times when, for 


N : at et fe . n . ~ 
n W 4 , ae F ö * 
pas n : eek: Saha oe pa | eat Sate 
* a * y 8 
1 8 Ws we 2 
: ws ee: * 
N — o 
* 
* 


n make 
some suggestions. But these times are 
few compared to ms non-vital interfer- 
ences. 

I said above that I was just about 
as sorry for the other angle of the tri- 
angle that forms itself about the baby: 


I was wrong. I am not so sorry for 


the Emilys, because they have so much 
that any breach’ between them and 
their mothers cannot mean as 
much to them as it does to 1 mother. 
The younger life is the fuller life. The 
old are always more dependent on the 
young for happiness than they on the 
older folks. The young can afford to 
put up with more because they have 
not so. much at stake. 

Be gentle with the grandmothers, 
you happy young mothers. Maybe you 
eannot believe it, but you may be 
grandmothers yourselves some time, 
and then you will be glad that you had 
patience and earned the rights to re- 
ceive it for a new generation. 


Tomorrow——What Are We More Afraid 
of Than Death? 


Dr. Shelton To 


Give Lecture. 

Dr. W. A. Shelton, professor of Old 
Testament history at Emory univer- 
sity, will give a lecture on “Genesis,” 
Friday afternoon, Januiry 20 at 3 
o’clock in the chapel of the Thev'ogi- 
cal building, on the Emory campus, | 
when the ladies of the Emory Mission- 
ary society will be hostesses to all 
friends of the school or to anyone in- 
terested in the suliject. . 

Dr. Shelton will illustrate. his lec- 
tures with archaeological relics, which 
he collected in the Holy. Land 

Street cars marked Inman Park; 
Emory University, leaving the corner 
of Pryor and Edgewood at 2 and at 
2:20 o’clock will be met at the log 
cabin by student escort. 


Oyster Supper 

The ladies’ Aid Society of the West: 
minister Presbyterian church will 
have an oyster supper Thursday. 
Stews will be fifty cents and fried 
oysters will be seventy-five cents. 

This will be in the front part of 
the new church from 6:30 to 8:30 
o'clock. 

Music will be furnished by an or- 
ae The public is cordially in- 
vited. 


Mrs. Willet Entertains 
History Class. 


Mrs. Hugh Willet will entertain 
the Nineteenth Century History class 
and the Every Saturday class at her 
home Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock. 
Robert C. Aston will lecture to the 
classes. 


) eit 


Who's Who in theStory. 


Jeanne Ware, known in the little 
Iowa town whence she came as plain 
Jane Dare, has set herself up in New 
York as a wealthy weman in the hope 
of snaring a rich husband. In this 
effort she is making use of 

Richard Canby, well-known man- 
about-town. Canby invites Jeanne to 
a dinner together with 

Mrs. Adele Parkinson, a widow and 
former flame of his. At dinner she 
meets 

Vic Barstowe, heir to the reported 
millions, who shows signs of infatua- 
tion with her. 

Signor Bonnicetti, a famous violln- 
ist, asks only to serve Jeanne, and 
she uses him as a drawing card to 
her tea party. 

Adele foils Victor Zarstowe's at- 
tempt to linger for a tete-a-tete with 


Jeanne. 
As Jeanne is starting for a dinner 


engagement, Henry Harrison tele- 


phones. 

He informs Jeanne that he can bor- 
row nothing on her worthless land. 

Selby North, gossiping, elderly 
bachelor, tells Jeanne of Barstowe's 
many flirtations. 

Harrison comes to breakfast to ar- 
range for the transfer of property, 
and meets Adele Parkinson, to whom 
Jeanne presents him as a business ac- 
quaintance, 

Canby offers a market tip” ag a 
means for Jeanne to make some 
money. 

She arranges the party so that 
she drives to the forbes’ in Bar- 
stowe’s car and Jeanne goes ahead 
with a man named Farnham. 

At the dance that night Jeanne 
using indifference to bait Barstowe, 
succeeds in angering him. 

She learns that Vera is a formid- 
able rival, being a lifelong acquaint- 
ance much favored by Barstowe's 
family because of he. blue-blooded 
ancestry. 

She consents to dine with the Bar- 
stowe’s, to whom Vic presents her as 
his fiancee. 

But she meets with N chilly recep- 
tion, whereupon, fearing disinheritance, 
she refuses’ to marry him without pa- 
rental approval. 


Installment No. 30. 


COMPLICATIONS. 
Mrs. Parkinson was announced the 


-~ 


CLEARANCE! 


nine. 


belted effects. 
navy, Sorrento. 


ette, nutria, etc. 


broidery and silk stitchings. 
can be worn now, and the farsighted will 
buy for next winter. 


Coats S| 5 Dresses 


150 Warm Winter Coats 


Worth $30 to $40 


200 Silk and Wool Dresses 


Worth $29.75 to $40 


when the store is opened! 


The Coats 


—150 fashionable coats in the many pretty 
styles that are so popular. Bloused backs. 


flare styles, wrappy models and various 
Brown, reindeer, black, 


Of Bolivia, Normandy, Velours, 
Silvertip and many other of the 
most wanted fabrics. 


Huge collars of self material or of beaver- 


Finished with silk em- 
These coats 


Aaken from stock and radically reduced for quick clearance, Dresses that 


may be worn for weeks and weeks yet. 
now and Spring and will be glad to have for wear next Winter. Garments of 
the best quality. Selected for our regular stock because they were thor- 
oughly good. Reduced only because we must have cleararice! 


—The savings are as real as bricks, as big asa house! The selling begins at. 
And as the wearables are unbeatable for $15.95 you should be here 


The Dresses 


—200 becoming silk and 


Made in a variety of lovely ways. For street 
They are dresses to 
wear right now, and are exceedingly stylish. 


and afternoon wear. 


Of Poiret twills, tricotine, velours, 
Canton crepe, charmeuse and other 


pretty materials. 


—Mostly navy. and black, 


few of other colors. Some 


in silk and gilt thread, others are braid 


trimmed, or elaborately 
trasting color beads. 


Ready-to-Wear | 


Coats that you will need between 


woolen dresses. 


but there are a 
are embroidered 


beaded in con- 
— 


n ise tat: ae 


See, 2 Saf Bie. Seach 777 ͤ scan ee Mg eins 


an W last ee 
for von here.” 


i K eo. y 3 tee hehe 


following mornig almost before Jeanne 
had finished breakfast. 

“You are a leisurely young person " 

commented the widow, as phe seated 
herself by a window overlgoking the 
park and drew off her gloves. * 
I sigh ‘youth ! ' When I was your age 
I could lie in bed late, too, and break- 
fast on chocolate without a thought 
for my figure. Now I have to prance 
all over the park for hours to keep 
from looking a fright and I breakfast 
on tea with lemon and a slice of un- 
buttered toast.” 


“But you're not even plump! „ pro- 
tested Jeanne smilingly, as she poured 
herself a fresh cup of chocolate. She 
was genuinely glad to see Adele Par- 
kinson and had determined to tell her 
about Barstowe’s proposal and ask her 
advice. The young widow was sport- 
ing. What she had lost she wouldn’t 
begrudge to anyone else. 

“No, I'm not even plump—now. Rut 
you should see me after a week on ship- 
board!’ she sighed. “My word. I 
. like Dick Canby in a dinner 
con 

„Apropos of Mr. Canby and others 
of our acquaintance, I have some news 
for you,” said Jeanne casually. 

'm glad to hear it,“ Adele re- 
plied heartily. “I hope you're going 
to tell me that Vera Dayton got her 
conge at the hands of Vic Barstowe. I 
never heard of anything so high-hand- 
ed as the way she bore him off from 
the Forbes’ on Sunday.” 

Jeanne smiled demurely into her 
chocolate. 

“Mr. Barstowe asked me to marry 
him yesterday.” 

A low whistle came from Mrs. Par- 
kinson. 

My word!“ 

Then she came 
Jeanne impulsively. 

hope you'll be awfully happy. Vie 
is an old darling—1 know rons ‘ll never 
have cause to regret it.’ 

Jeanne laughed. 

“But why the felicitations? I didn’t 
say I accepted him, did 1?” 

“My dear, you’re not a fool!” re- 
plied Adele brusquely, seating herself 
on the foot of Jeanne’s chaise longue. 
“Tell me all about it. Did his estim- 
able mother throw the usual fit?“ 

Jeanne hesitated a moment and then 
related the whole story of the dinner 
party, while Mrs. Parkinson listened 
without interruption. 

Hmn!“ she murmured when Jeanne 
had finished. “So war was declared 
from the start? Well, I’m not sur- 
prised! I always knew that Bar- 
stowe woman would pull something 
like that when Vic finally selected a 
wife; unless, of course, it was Vera 
Dayton—” She chuckled as she recall- 
ed Jeanne’s account of Vera’s expres- 
sion when Vic had addressed her as 
“darling.” [I'd give my pearl neck- 
lace to have witnessed that! Oh, 
what a wallop for Dayton.” 

“What should I do now?” Jeanne 
asked frankly. 

“Sit tight and let the Barstowe 
family rave,” advised Adele promptly. 
“They cant’ find an objection to you 
except that you're not darling Vera. 
Trust Vic to win them over! That 
young man always gets what he wants 
in the end.” 

“But I feel so humiliated, so snub- 


“Fidllesticks! Forget it!“ sniffed 
the widow. If I'd reacted to all the 
snubs I’ve got I'd be mashed go flat a 
Ford could run over me without a jolt. 
Of course Mother Barstowe tried te 
snub you! Women with money and 
position always try that on unattach- 
ed, attractive girls—especially if said 
charmers are mixed up with their men 
folks.” 

Vou're such a comfort!” murmured 
Jeanne gratefully, reaching over to 
squeeze the other woman’s arm. 

She was really becoming very fond 
of the young widow. Mrs. Parkinson 
supplied the feminine companionship 
she had needed. Jeanne had tired of 
playing a lone hand. She had scarcely 
hoped to find someone as tolerant and 
understanding, and also as clever as 
Adele Parkinson. Sometimes Jeanne 
wondered just what the young widow’s 
own game was. She seemed of society 
and yet not wholly of it. As she, too, 
looking out for a wealthy marriage, as 
she laughingly pretended to be? 

“I must run along,” Adele rose and 
gathered up her furs. “Just dropped 
in to see if they’re doing over the 
apartment to suit me. Expect to be 
your neighbor next week. ing me up 
if you get in a jam with your prospect- 
ive in-laws. I generally have a card 
up my sleeve!“ she laughed with a lit- 
tle twisted grimace. 

She had not been gone long when 
Canby rang Jeanne up. He wanted 
her to lunch with him, had a good 
pro sition for her in the market. 

ollow up your luck of yester- 
day,” he urged her. “Don’t let it get 
cold on you! Time enough to stop 
when it turns against you.’ 

Jeanne accepted the invitation to 
luncheon with misgivings, remember- 
ing that she had declined Barstowe’s 
invitation, It seemed a bit thick to 
refuse her fiancee and lunch with an- 
other man, and it might have compli- 
cations if Barstowe learned of it. But 
she needed money, more than ever 
now, if there was to be a wedding, and 
she dared not overlook a chance to add 
to her small income. 

She had decided instantly not to 


over ahd kissed 


| acquaint Oanby with the news of her 


engagement. She didn’t want to lose 
him for a bit yet. In the first place, 
she might not succeed in putting across 
the marriage with Barstowe, and in 
that event she would still require Can- 
by’s social influence. In the second 
place, she must make use of him as 
frequently as possible to roll up a bank 
account thorugh lucky investments be- 
fore he learned of the engagement. 

She met Canby at the Biltmore ac- 
cording to agreement. He was most 
affable and made none of his usual 
half-jesting references to Barstowe. 

Evidently Barstowe’s abrupt depar- 
ture from the Forbes’: house party in 
company with Vera Dayton had reas- 
sured Canby. He believed he had 
nothing to fear from young Victor 
where Jeanne was concerned. 

Half-way through the luncheon 
Jeanne laid down her fork with a sud- 
den troubled look in her eyes. 

Nodding and smiling at her sweetly 
from an adjoining ‘table was Vera 
Dayton and another gir! with a crim- 
son toque, probably the French visitor. 

“See somebody you know?“ grunted 
Canby noting Jeanne’s arrested fork. 

He had taken some official-looking 
papers from his wallet and was trying 
patiently to explain the salient. points 
of the prospective investment to 
Jeanne. who was only half listening, 
miserably conscious of Vera Dayton’ 5 
curious gase. 

“Hell! What's the use of taping to 
make a woman understand business!“ 
snorted Canby in ir. “The only 
thing you women appreciate is pretty 
talk in a conservatory! I’m’ going 
ahead after this and make investments 
kor you on my own hook. All you'll 
have to do is accent the cheaué when 
the deal is over and sav thank vou!“ “ 

“That sounds easy!” Jeanne laugh- 
ed worriedly. one eve on Vera Dayton. 

“Oh there's a little more to it than 
that.“ said Canby «moothiv. “Rat we'll 
come to it in good time—Rv the way 
there are a few — spoils. 44. "yor you 

ve 


pt. dy, 3 n ** 
2 * W N ast . 
3 “apa 5 be 


Ak you don’t take 


1 Moreover: be would 


— . 5 
pede dropped it as thought it bu 
er fi 


n't want all the world to know 
u make investments for 


riends. 
N 


“Don’t be a. fool !” 
stay here in the m er the table 
for all I care. Tas waiter 
would hike it,” he 
sarcastic, 
spoil your p 
Jeanne 8 that so = 2 earnest. 
2 ‘as his 
word an g room 
leaving the litte can at a — 
Sbe realised 
dared not clined. than 
Dropping her serviette over the 
cheaue she 
“Very well. 
ungrateful.” 
When she returned her napkin to her 
lap the ch ue was hidden in its folds 


and later 8 e managed to slip it into 
her purse 
But she knew that Vera Dayton’s 


Im sorry if I seemed 


sharp eyes had not been deceived. 


Shortly after that Miss Dayton and 
her guest in the crimson toque rose to 


pass out of the restaurant. Their way. 


directed by Vera, lay past the. table 
where Jeanne and Canby were lunch- 


ing. 
Vera paused beside Jeanne for a 


moment, all smiling cordiality. 


“Such a nice dinner party last 
night, wasn't it? Didnt’ I tell vou the 
Barstowes’ were darlings?—By the 
way, I am just on my way to meet 
Vie and his mother for the Bonnicetti 
concert this afternoon. 15 give them 
vour regards—or had I better say 
‘love’ for Vie?“ she passed on, casting 
a -mischievous glance backward over 
her shoulder. 

Jeanne's heart sank. 

Vera would take delight in telling 
Barstowe that she had seen her lunch- 
ing with Canby! 

She turned back to Canby and faced 
a grim mask. 

“What did she mean about a dinner 
party at the Barstowes? Why did she 
ask if you sent vour love to Vic?” 
(Copyright, 1922. ee The Constitu- 

tio 
(Another Fine Installment of This 
Story Tomorrow. |) 


Shower For 
Bride-Elect. 


A very pretty event of Saturday 
afternoon was a shower given by Mrs. 
James A. Rollestone and Mrs. L. F. 
Henderson in honor of their sister, 
Miss Louiso Anna Viewig, bride-elect 
of next week. 

‘The living and dining rooms were 
appropriately decorated for the oc- 
casion. Pink and white was the color 
motif which was carried out in every 
detail. Cupids dressed as brides were 
prominent among the decorations. The 
lace-covered table in the dining room 
had for its central decorations a large 
silver vase filled with narcissi and 
pink carnations. 

Several selections were beautifully 
rendered on the piano by Mrs. A. 
Slaton. A large wicker backet lined 
with pink silk held the beautiful and 
numerous gifts which the bride-elect 
received. 

The invited guests were Mrs. Roy 
Mecslurray, Mrs. T. P. Cates, Miss 
Opal Cates, Mrs. D. Levenstein, Mrs. 
B. W. Gibson, Mrs. John D. Evans, 
Mrs. J. E. Adams, Mrs. Sam Weisman, 
Miss Essie May Means, Mrs. A. N 
Drake, Miss Sarah Sanford, Mrs. W. 
P. Cates, Mrs. J. A. Levinson, Mrs. 
Florence Bragassa, Mrs. H. E. San- 
ford, Mrs. L. F. Henderson, Miss Mar- 
tha Cook, Mrs. M. F. Crawley, Mrs. 
James N. McNeil, Misses Bertha San- 
ford, Helen Toomey. Maud _ Reolle- 
stone, Mrs. Royal — Plitt, Mrs. H. A. 
Rollestone,. Miss Florence Geok, Mrs. 
Tom Fady, Miss’ Nell Carlisle, Mrs. 
Wiley McCord, Mrs. Linton Higgins, 
Mrs. A. L. Slaton, Miss Pearl Myrick, 
Mrs. Anna Viewig, Miss Louisa Anna 
Viewig, Misses Kate Bragassa and 
Emma Means. 

Miss Helen Toomey entertained in 
honor of Miss Viewig Wednesday after- 
noon at a matinee party at the How- 
ard. 
Mrs. Sam Weisman will entertain at 
a bridge-tea Thursday afternoon at 
her home on Boulevard Terrace. 


Board Meeting 
At Woman's Club. 


The executive board of the Atlanta 
Woman's club will met Friday at 
10:30 o’clock at the club house. 


May 
you think 1 would — 


Lowry 
she Thornwell IT Jarabe, 


ete & ys, w 
t | Gent be hed at ine ‘om ä —— pres 
a 
gore anuary. 


tee are Mrs. bee A 
Mrs B. J. 
* E. Ee 'N 2 
urney, rs. ewton 

D. Crane, Mrs. J. r 
n t, Mrs. Isaac 
E. Rivers, Mrs. J. Cheston Kin 
De Mrs. J. * 

Connerat, Mrs. 
„ Mrs. Sam Inman, 

es ay yy G 


Mrs. H. I Carnes, 
Mrs. George Winship, Mrs. George 
Brine. 


Mrs. Isaac Schoen will present the 
football team an entire set of r 
blankets, to take the place of those 
they lost in the DeLand fire, which 
o_o given them by the woman’s 

a 


Tech High Dramatic 


Club Performance. 

The Tech High Dramatic club will 
present “Nothing But the Truth” for 
the second time at Cable hall upon re- 
quest. This play has creat more 
talk around Tech high school than any 
previous play we have presented be- 
cause of the splendid cast. The play 
will be Vedack. this evening at Cable 
hall at 8 o’tlock 


Capitol View w Church 


To Give Oyster Supper. 

The Ladies’ Aid society of the Capi- 
tel View Presbyterian church will hold 
an oyster supper at the church Thurs 
day evening, January 19 

The entire supper, including oys- 
ters, fried of stewed, salad, dessert, cof- 
fee, bread and butter will be served for 
50 cents. The patronage of the public 
is cordially solicited. 


Mrs. Coleman 
To Give Tea. 


Mrs. Walter Scott Coleman will en- 
tertain a group of friends at the sec- 
ond of a series of teas at the Woman's 
club Friday afternoon. The decora- 
tions will consist of pink and White 
flowers, with the same color motif 
prevailing. 


Those invited are Miss Sallie Me- 


lone, Mrs. D. F. Stevenson, Mrs. E. 
C. Benton, Mrs. Charles Tidwell, Miss 
Lillian Tidwll, Mrs. Allison Greene, 
Mrs. Harry Schlesinger, Mrs. Waddy 
Thompson, Mrs. Frank Golden, Mrs, 
J.T. Bright, Mrs. J. T. Fleming, Mrs. 
W. H. Durden, Mrs. H. W. Cantrell 
and Mrs. George L. Pratt. 


Forrest Service Expert 
Coming for Conference. 


J. I. Peters, of the forest service, 
department of agriculture, will come 
to Atlanta for a conference on the 
state’s forestry interests on January 
30, and will be the principal figure 
in a luncheon conference on that date 
in which Governor Hardwick, Dr. A. 
M. Soule, of the State College of 
Agriculture; M. L. Brittain, state 
school superintendent; W. A. Sutton, 
superintendent of the public schools 
of Atlanta, and other prominent Geor- 
gians, men and women, will take 


part. 

William Rudland, secretary of the 
Georgia Forestry association, who is 
arranging the conference, made the an- 
nouncement at the meeting yesterday 
of the City Federation fo Women’s 
Clubs of Mr. Peters’ coming and the 
acceptance of the Georgians above 
mentioned invited to the conference to 
meet him 


Lucy Cobb Alumnae 
To Meet Friday. 


The January meeting of the Lucy 
Cobb alumnae will be held at the 
home of Mrs; Charles MaGahee, 129 
East Fifteenth ‘street Friday after- 
noon, January 20, at 3:30 0 ‘clock. 

After the business meeting a social 
hour will be enjoyed. 


Raup—Plant. 

Mr. and Mrs. Henry Judson Raup, 
of Milton, Pa., have issued invita- 
tions to the marriage of their daugh- 
ter, Eleanor Graham, to George len- 
ry Plant, Jr., on Saturday, January 
28, at 1 o’clock, 543 North Front 
atreet. Milton, a. 


bones ag commit- 


. 5 Kechlin 


the Atlanta 


a will 


r Bs — at the we 


Epsie Dallis re Ho 


At Birthday Lunch 4 

Ulis celebrated 
eighth N on Wednesday 
noon by giving a ee 


Ernest E. Mane n Was rens — 


Seiler vases of pink — I 
narcissi were placed a la 


souvenirs for each little guest. 
front of the tiny hostess was y a 
a white cake, with eight nink cir 
in pink wax rose holders. 3 

Miss Palmer Dallis, sister of: 
hostess and Misses Palmer Atkit 
and Mary Meador Goldsmith, tw 
her cousins, waited on the tale; 
the costumes of French wai 
caps and aporns complete. 

The guests present were, Bis 
vis, Marion Smith, Lucia Smith, 
Smith, Marion Calhoun, Mary. 
son Dickey, Ruth Atkinson, Fur 
Odell, Sarah Keenan and Ely 
Spalding. 


—̃—ſ ſ—— 


Fortress Avenue 
Mothers’ Club. 


The Mothers’ club of the Fort 
Avenue Tree kindergarten will | 
its regular meeting Friaay afte 
at 3 o'clock. Mothers and all 
who are interested are urge td 


tend. 


Dinner for ‘ 


Mrs. Crabbs. 

Mrs. Ross B. Crabbs, of Cincfnr 
the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Owen P 
ry, was the central figure at the 75 
mal dinner given last evening 
and Mrs. Philip McDuffie, at the 
ital City elub. 

Covers were placed for Mrs. Crab 
Mr. and Mrs. MeDuffie, Mr. and! 
Owen Perry, Mr. and Mrs. Claret 
Knowles, Mr. and Mrs. W. P. 
drews, Mr. and Mrs. Wickliffe Go 
smith. Jr., Mr. and Mrs. B. W. He 
Mr. and Mrs. Howard 8. McNair, N 
and Mrs. James T. Williams, M 
Mrs. Claude Douthit and Her 
Kennedy. 

The table was placed in a 
on the third floor, and adorning: 
center was a basket filled wi 
roses and narcissi. The other ae 
ments were in rose color. 

Mrs. McDuffie was gowned int 8 
tulle, jet-trimed and draped over b 
satin. : 
Mrs. Crabbs was gowned in Fir 
blue tulle, beaded, and draped ov 
king's blue chiffon velvet. ‘ 


Fraternity Tea-Dance. 


‘|, . Saturday afternoon at 4:80 Pek 
the first of a series of tea dances “ 


be given at the fraternity dance 
Music will be furnished by the Meloy 
Dance players. The various dar 
clubs are cordially invited. 


Benefit Bridge For 


Auditorium Fund. 

Mrs. William Carder will 
benefit bridge party at the Wom 
elub on Saturday, January 21, 

p. m. for the new auditorium fand 
There will be a prize for each tab 
besides a number of other prizes tof 
drawn for at the end of the ga | 
All friends of the —— are cord 

invited to come and play. 

Reservations may be made by 99 


ing Mrs. William Carder, West 711 


* 


School. 
1 STUDY 
iSPORTS 


The Bors A GIS NEWSPAPER | | 


The Biggest Little Paper in the World 


Edited by John K. Millar 


Copyright, 19223, Associated Editors 


ON THE PARK BENCH. 
Scene: A bench in a park. 
boy takes the parts of the 8 
characters. After some practice the 
changes can be made very quickly. 


PROLOGUE. 
If only an old park bench could talk, 
How marly tales twould tell; 
Stories of Hope that is long since 


ost, 
And Despair—it knows him well. 
Year in, year out, the many wrecks 
Tossed on life’s stormy deep, 
Drift along to this sandy shoal 
To rest and dream—and sleep. 


(Enter boy of about twelve, whist- 
ling along, with his hands in his 
pockets). 

BOY: Gee, but it’s nice here in 
the park, with the sun shinin’ an’ 
everything. Lots more fun than go- 
ing to school. First time I ever 
played hookey, but it’s worth it. 
Wonder if they'll find out. I hate the 
dull old school room anyway. Who 


wants to study, when they can come 


to a nice place like this? Guess III 
go over and get a boat and fish or 
something. (Goes off. Enter boy of 
about sixteen, slouching along, an 
unlit cigarette in his mouth, his hat 
on one side. Sinks onto bench, ) 

BO Good old park bench. Don’t 
know whee I'd do without it. I can 
come here and get away from hearing 
the family nag at me all the time. 
Since.I quit school dad keeps at me 
to go to work at something. It’s no 
use telling him I ought to look around 
a lot before I decide what business 
to go into. No use rushing into any- 
thing. (Gets up slowly.) Well, think 
I'll go over to the poolroom and see 
some of the boys. Something may 


O BOY 
WATCH 


-_ 


— 
. ? * * 
1 8 r * *. 
; 8 


e NleIH¹ Playsg 


turn up. Lou never can tell. (Goes 
One | out. Enter middle-aged man in seedy 
clothes, old slouch hat, and worn 
shoes. He walks’ with a sort of slink.) 
MAN: Ho hum. Here’s a chance 
to rest a minute. My feet are about 
worn out, tramping the streets. It’s 
the same story everywhere. Nothing 
for me to do, except sawing wood, or 
something like that. No use killing 
yourself with work. The guys that 
get the big salaries are the ones with 
easy hours that sit around at their 
mahogany desks and read 
scores. By the way, wonder if there’s 
any jobs advertised in the paper. 
(Pulls news ane 2 of —— —— 
looks * “he * page. 
aloud.) “Skilled mock es, . — 
perienced salesmen.” Oh, what's the 
use. (Throws down paper, thrusts 
hands into pockets. Slouches down in 
seat.) Guess I'll drop into my sister’s 
for dinner. I'll be about as welcome 
as the cat that came back. (Gets UD, 
stretches and goes off. Enter old 
man, hobbling along with cane, wear- 
ing gzizzly beard, a faded and torn 
— of clothes, — an out- of- shape 


t.) 

OLD MAN: Seems like I remember 
this old dench. Eh, well, it’s a — 
place to rest my bones. (Sits 
stiffly.) Any old port in a storm. This 
old park bench is about the only 
place I can call home nowadays. It’s 
a hard world, a hard world. Here I 
a. sitting on a park bench, and some 

f the boys I went to school with are 
riding around in their automobiles. 

Some e have all the luck. (Fishes 
in ets and brings out some loose 
change.) Hmmm. ‘Bout enough for 


ght. 
ts have 
Wonder 
ch or the 
eumatiz on the 
— 12 111 have to ie — 
up on benth, as last 
22 tade} 


TODAY’S P PUZZLE. 
NEED, CIDA, MALE, NIBM 
When each group of letters has 
been rearranged to form the proper 
words, these words may ~ arranged 


[im s "word eee 


ar gern 


2 


street 


w > 7 — 4 ; 4 
D 
1 * . 
. * 8 8 


mf oe 


A boy 82 who N 
8 N 


ONE REEL „ARS. 


NUBA, THE GENTLE LION. 


Nuba, the big eircus lion, * N 
back and forth in his cage in t 
winter quarters of the big shows II 
felt lonesome and restless. He s 
ped a while to watch the daughter 

is trainer, She had wandered in 
the zoo and was ene we not f 
from Nuba’s cage, 2 ying wih 
couple of frolicsome kittens, 

The lion watched enviously. I 4 
she'd treat me that way,“ he sak 
„I'd like to have her pull my ears 
stroke my forehead and say nie 
things to me.“ * 

He wondered why it was that # 
preferred to play with the kitter 
“Maybe it’s — noise I make,” Nw 
reflected. m just as pretty a 

* It must be ahn 

e my voice.” The m j 
he thought about it, the. surer 
was that that must be the reasor 
Every time 1 the girl ung 


ed, as if 
decided to 


So Nu 
ways. He would be more gen 
ly. Wi ith shame he reflected 

act which he did when 
circus was on tour, he 
ed to seem as — Ph as fet, 8.2 
and 


bac woul would be 1 b 
f his No wonder th 
was —_— of him. — wou 
ow her 
make friends. * 

The ~~ day he wae 2 onl 
his cage to go throu is tricks 
that a. might keep 
girl stood outside of the 


enge to watch, “Now,” thought Nit 


“is my ehance to show her my r 
nature.” se 
er came to the p 


“what do you 

toothless old beast for? He hasn't a n 
more pep than a e 
at Nuba in disgust, and the be 
dered lion L chee 
1 : 


— 


tf le 4 


H 


| i 


es 
* 
fe 


oe 
2 


2 


** 
* 


5 


* 


* + * 
* 5 oy 7 
— 


¢ 
141 
ty 


. 
ot. 


ot six an ten years. 


* ae ; 


a N 7 * 
¥ ‘ 
Vati 


— 


1 ing” 122 i. 
& Fos | 
ondat 


n 


r Apps Ate. a . 
ae n ann a. Pe. 
F r 

ve he Le ed = 


12 S Seer s ve PR EAS 2 * we 
ccc 


r RS PREGA Bh ARERR ED : 


5 N r 
en . x 1 Pi 
q R aie? td pide be a 
* * 7 — 7 
N 1 
0 Sa ‘ 7 
* — m , 4. 
* . 
* ae, . 5 ome 4 — - 
~ * 7 
* * 3 
* 2 7 — at wot - s * — 
* . > ee J, 
. b 4 * 1 » 
J ; 
wm 
1 * 


— 


| Convenes in Savannah Next Week 


~ 


oe 


> ORIOLE IIIT SR x LIK, SE 
4 5 oy 2 of ta 2 72 > i Der * 
. ee ee 3 2 


1 


ae eee, OSES EOE 
75355 
5 a 


1 


r ]⁰ . L AEE OE 


p — 


Two of the most prominent leaders in the National Council of Girl Scouts, which convenes in Savan- 
mah next week. From left to right, Mrs. Jane Doster Rippin, national director of the scouts, who is a 


woman of remarkable ability and has brought the organization into a high state of efficiency. 


At the 


right is Mrs. Juliette Low, founder of the organization in America, whose home is in Savannah, and who 
‘will take an actve part in the program of the convention. 


The eighth annual convention of the 
national council of girl scouts will be 
held in Savanah, Ga., from Tues- 
day, January 24, to and including Fri- 
lay, January 27. The meetings will 
de held in the De Soto hotel, where 
headquarters will be establshed. Be- 
sides electing a president to succeed 


Mrs. Arthur G. Choate, the council 
Will choose five vice presidents and 
) Seyen members of the executive board. 


One of the important matters to 
e up for consideration will be a 
Brownie“ program, which will be of- 
ifered for adoption. “Brownies are po- 
itential girl scouts between the ages 


unofficially tried out for a year. and 


strong demand has been made for this 


departure in America. Mrs. Choate 
2 practically all the officials of the 
organization are in favor of taking the 
“Brownies” into the fold. and there is 
ttle doubt that they will be officially 
recognized. | 
National Director. 

Mrs. Jane Deeter Rippin, national 
director of the scouts, will take gen- 
eral — 4 of the convention prepara- 
tory work. She will be met by Mrs. 
Juliette Low, of Savannah, founder 
of the organization in America; by 
Miss Nina Pape. commissioner there, 


They have been, 
a 


| 


and Mrs. I. S. Oliveros, the local di- 
rector. 


‘ Mrs. Low and other women of Sa- 


vannah are preparing to entertain in 
their homes many of the delegates, 
who will go from all over the country, 
and Wwho are expected to number be- 
tween 300 and 400. Among those to 
attend will be Mrs. Herbert Hoover, 
of Washington; M. Josephine Das- 
kam Bacon, who has mapped out the 
Brownie“ program; Mrs. James J. 
Starrow, of Boston, first vice presi- 
dent; Mrs. Julius Ragenwald, of 
Chicago; Mrs. Frederick H. Brooke, 
of Washington; Mrs. A. Clifford Shin- 
kle, of Cincinnati, and Miss E. Gwen 
Martin, of Philadelphia. 

The delegation of officers from New 
York will include Mrs. Nicholas F. 
Brady, treasurer; Mrs. V. Everit 
Macy, chairman of the executive board, 
and Mrs. Frederick Edey, Mrs. Wil- 
liam G. McAdoo, Mrs. Robert G. Mead 
and Mrs. Petcy H. Williams of the 
board. Mrs. Warren G. Harding is 
honorary president and Mrs Woodrow 
Wilson honorary vice president and 
are deeply interested in the movement. 


Southern Camp. 


Monday January 23, the day before 
Mrs: Choate calls the convention to 
order the southern delegates will meet 


for the purpose of discussing a south- 
ern camp. This and all meetings in 
Savannah by the scout council will be 
open to the public. The first three 
days of this event will be devoted to 
scout commmissioners, council mem- 
bers, local directors, captains and lieu- 
tenants. 

The scout movement has progressed 
with great rapidity —— past 
two years aand the organization now 
has a membership of over 110,000. 
Not only are many of the foremost 
women.in the country back of the up- 
lifting work, but men of national im- 
portance have given freely of their 
time as members of the advisory 
committee on business and finance, 
Among these men are Charles E. 
Mitchell, president of the National 
City bank, New York; Felix Warbur 
and Frederic W. Allen, New Yor 
financiers; John D. Ryan, the copper 
magnate; Robert Cassatt and Thomas 
DeWitt Cuyler, of Philadelphia, and C. 
F. Wood, of Boston. 

The girl scout movement has taken 
a firm hold in America, because of its 
intrinsic worth. Its chief object is to 
traip girls for citizenship in a way 
whereby they will recognize their re- 
sponsibilities as well as their privi- 
leges. It trains a girl in a delightful 
way for her real work in life. 


Ja parese Artists 


Will Present Play 
For Drama League 


=e ＋ A real Japanese play, “The or speakers. 


Woman,“ founded on an old legend of 


sche red fox that changed itself into 
a beautiful woman, will be given Fri- 
day afternoon at Egleston hal! for the 
members of the Drama League and 
their friends, the public being admit- 
ted for $i. 
Mr. and Mrs. Michitaro Ongawa, 


who bring the play, are Japanese peo- 


ple of high culture. Mr. Ongawa is a 
Samurai of the Tokugawa clan, which 


JLeruled Japan for nearly 300 years. He 


; . 
* 


3 


; * 


Is the son of the first Christian min- 
ister ordained in Japan, Ogawa Yoshi- 


; gee who was in charge of a church 


n Yokohama for many years. 
Mrs. Ongawa, who is light as a 


fairy, slender, and with little hands 
that fairly speak, they are so expres- 


ti 
a: 


‘a 


‘ 


‘sive, is a singer and dancer also, and 


the little play will be preceded by a 


«program of songs and dances that take 


one away to the cherry-blossomed hills 


of Japan. 

They tell stories that were told to 
the children of Japan a thousand years 
ago; they dance folk dances that were 
‘danced to the samisen in the old feu- 
dal days of the empire: they wear 


robes of silks and brocades and little 
estraw thatched hats that are worn by 


nobles and peasants in all the charac- 
cters that they portray. 
Of most interest, of course, is the 


“te play founded on the folk tales of the 
+ red fox that fills Japanese literature 


Formwalt P.-T. A. To 
Entertain Fathers. 


The Parent-Teacher association, of 
Formwalt Street school, will enter- 
tain the fathers Friday evening, Jan- 
uary 20, at 7:30 program has 
been arranged. Professor Sutron and 
Mr. MecCalley will be among the 


All patrons are cordially 
invited. 


Miss Ae 
Soon to Marry 
S. C. Hutcheson 


Chattanooga, Tenn., January 18.— 
(Speciai.)—Mr. and Mrs. Garnett 
| Andrews have issued invitations to 
| the marriage of their daughter, Kath- 
| arine Lenoir, to Samuel Carter Hutth- 
'eson, Wednesday evening, February 
1, at 8:30 o'clock, at Saint Paul's 
church, Chattanooga, Tenn. 

Immediately after the ceremony, 
Mr. and Mrs. Andrews will entertain 


at a brilliant reception at their home. 
511 East Fourth street. 


Debutante Club 
Is Entertained. 


Mrs. Charles D. Orme éntertained 


the members of the Debutante club 
yesterday at her home on Peachtree 
street. 

A large wedding cake graced the 
center of the table encircled by silver 
vases of pink rose buds. and silver 


Frank L. Stanton 
Is Honored By 
Milton Ave. P. T. A 


As a tribute to Frank L. Stanton, 
Georgia’s noted and beloved poet, the 
Parent-Teacher Association of Mil- 


ton Avenue school recently planted a 
live oak in the front yard of the 
school. 

Every student was present at the 
ceremony which took place at 10 
o’clock in the morning, and the boys 
of the sixth and seventh grades 
planted the tree. 

Miss Lena Sam's fourth grade pu- 
pils sang “Mighty Lak’ a Rose,” one 
of the most appealing of Mr. Stan- 
ton’s poems, which was set to music, 
and is used by the foremost sing- 
ers. 

America“ was sung by the entire 
school, and the program was in charge 
of Miss Helen Roddey, principal, and 
her corps of teachers. 

The building. and grounds commit- 
tee of the P. - T. A. sponsored the 
event and Mr. Stanton presented the 
members of the association his au- 
tographed picture which will be fram- 
ed and hung in the school auditor- 
jum. 


Mrs. M eeks 


Is Honored. 


Mrs. M. H. Meeks, of Nashville, 
Tenn., who is visiting her daughters, 
Mrs. R. L. Cooney and Mrs. Inman 
Gray, was honor guest at the luncheon 
given yesterday by Mrs. W. W. Aus- 


’ 


? 8 98 4 
Dac thee Miignt re, 


‘ 
8 % 
7 ö 4 has 
— * 5 3 . a 3 
ee 5 x * pen > to 
* > . * * oe. = * 
* wry 5 
ir ** x * 


us ; R * 
— — 3 Aly gr hie RA eaten ee oie a ee See ee oe 
8 2 


N Riess a's a pt Pr Pact r 
* . ee | pale abs . 
FF 

N 1 : 


— 


THE RULES 


1. Any man, woman, girl or boy 
who is not an employee of The At- 
lanta Conetitution, or a member of 
an employee’s family, may submit 
an answer It costs nothing to try. 


2. All answers must be mailed by 
January 21, 1922. 

3. Answers should be written on 
one side of the paper only, and each 
word numbered consecutively, 1, 2, 
3, etc. Do not put more than one 
“S.Word’’ with each number. Write 
your full name and address on each 
age in the upper right-hand corner, 
25 vou desire to write anything else, 
use a separate sheet. 


4. Only words found in the Eng- 
lish dictionary will be counted. Do 
not use hyphenated, compound or ob- 
solete words. Use either the singu- 
lar or plural, but where the plural 
is used, the singular cannot be 
counted and vice versa. 


5. Words of the same spelling ean 
be ured only once, even though used 
to designate different objects. The 
same object can be named only once; 
however, any visible part of the ob- 
ject may also be named. 

6. The person sending in the 
largest and nearest correct list of 
‘*$-Words’’ will win first sme etc. 
Neatness, style and handwriting have 
no bearing upon deciding the win- 
ners. : , 


7. Candidates may co-operate in 


answering the puzzie, but only one 


rize will be awarded to any one 
—＋ nor will prizes be award- 
ed to more than one of any group 
outside of the family, where two or 
more haye been working together. 


8. In the event of a tie for any 
prize offered the full amount of such 
prize will be paid to each tied par- 
ticipant. 

9. All answers will receive the 
same consideration, regardless of 
whether or not a subscription for 
The Atlanta Constitution is sent in. 

10. There will be three indepen- 
dent judges, having no connection 
with The Constitution, who will 
judge the answers submitted and 
award the prizes at the end of the 
puzzle game and participants agree 
70 accept the decision of the judges 
as final and conclusive. 

The judges will meet right 
after the close, and the announce- 
ment of the prize-winners and cor- 
rect list of words will be published 
in The Constitution just as quickly 
thereafter as possible. 


First Prize / 


f a Booster 


N 
+ | 


N 
; 


AN 
ui 
TH 


h 


| 
ö 


III 
7 
it 


CCT 


pron on dD Geen 1 * 
‘ 


rt er tat? 2. 


* 


GS 
1 


2 * * « 0 99 

How Many Objects in This Picture Begin With “S”? 

In the picture above you will see a number of visible objects begin- 
ning with the letter S; for instance, “sun,” sack, “shovel,” etc. You 
can be sure nothing is hidden. . There is absolutely no trick to this puz- 
zle, and you do not have to use a reading glass or microscope to find 
the objects, turn the picture upside down or twist it side-wise. F ifteen 
cash prizes as shown at right will be awarded for the fifteen best lists of 
“S.words” sent in. The answer having the largest and nearest correct 
list of visible objects appearing in the picture beginning with the letter 
8, will be a first prize, second best, second prize, etc. Don't 

delay your fun. Start hunting S- words today—NOW! 


CASH PRIZES 


WINNING ANSWERS WILL 
RECEIVE PRIZES AS 
FOLLOWS: 


Prises given if no subscrip- 
tions are sent: 


@eeeeseeeeeveeeeee28 20.00 
6 6 6 6 „ 6 6 „ „ 60 „ 15.00 
meeeeeeeeeeeee 10,00 
4% % % % % % „„ 7 
„„en eee „ 

6 „% „% „ „% 6 „6 „6 „6 . 


5 6 „ „„ „ „ „6% 6 6% „ „4 


SSS 


„„ „„ „„ „„ „„ „„ „„ 


Prizes given if one 6-month 
subscription is sent: 


1. Prise „„ „„ „„ „„ 
4 5 „ „% „%%% „% „ „% „% „ „„ 
l % „%% „„ „„ 


S8 SSS SSS 8888 


Prizes given if one yearly 
or two 6-month subscriptions 
are sent: 


Prize . 31, 500.00 
2 , 1,000.00 
. 1, 000.00 


e % %%% „%„„%„„„„„„„ „„ „„ 250.00 
eeeeeeeeeeese 200.00 
jeeeeeeee eaves 
jeeereeeeeeeeves 
4 % „ „ „ 6 „ 6 „ „6 „660% 
„ „eee er 
„ eee 
6 6 „% %%% „% 6% „%% „%60%6„ 
„ „ „ % „„ „„ „„ eee 
6 e „% „ % „% 6 66666 


S888 88888 „„ 88 8 


ALL ANSWERS MUST BE MAILED NOT LATER THAN 


SATURDAY, JANUARY 21st. MAIL YOURS TODAY 


Qualify at Once 


If your list of “S-Words” is awarded FIRST prize by the judges, you will win $50.00, but if you would like to win more than 
850.00, we are making the following special offer, whereby you can win “BIG CASH PRIZES” by sending in ONE or TWO 
subscriptions. 
HERE’S HOW: N N l 
subscription to The Atlanta Constitution at $5.00, you will 8 $500.00 instead of only $50.00; Second prize, $350.00; 
ize, 0.00, etc: (See second column of figures in prize list). ne 2 
ow 88. if your e wins FIRST prize, and you have sent in TWO six months’ subscriptions to The Atlanta Constitution at 
$5.00 each, or ONE yearly subscription to The Constitution at $9.50, you will receive $1,500.00 in place of only $50.00; Second 


candlesticks holding pink unshaded 
tapers. Dainty place casds marked 
the guests’ places. 


and answers to our witch. In this 
«play, as the Brooklyn institute says, 
“they open wide a gate which leads 
krom the world of every day into a Mrs. Orme wore a model of brown 
„ charmed realm of fancy and artistic | taffeta. She was assisted in enter- 
é delight.” taining by ber mother, Mrs. John 8 
4 


tell at her home on Austell way. 

A cloth of filet lace and Madeira 
handwork overlaid the table and. 
adorning the center, was a mound of 
pink roses, and on either side were 
pink bowls holding pink roses. Mon- 
ogramed cards of the hostess marked 
the guests’ places, 

Mrs. Austell was gowned in black 
georgette crepe, embroidered with 
gray. 

Mrs. Meeks wore a navy blue Can- 
ton crepe embroidered with beads and 
a hat to match, 

Covers were placed for Mesdames 
Meeks, James R. Gray, J. R. Brumby, 
of Marietta; Guy D. Ayer. Russell 
9 J. R. Ellis, Frank Wilson and 


* 4 Dykes. 
Magnifying Glasses 


„The history class. directed by Mrs. Cohen. 
f Alfred Buck. who lived in Japan as 

the wife of the United States minister 
to Japan, is suspending its regular | 
“4; session in order to be present at the 
‘ performance, and students of the ex- 
„ 
; 
5 
4 


Many Parties Honor 


Miss Montfort. 
Miss Christine Montfort, of New 
York City, the lovely guest of Mrs. 


‘ep . 2 of the high * — 
oke the colleges are expected to atten 
in large numbers, the program being] Philip W. Wilcox, was honor guest 
not only highly artistic, but also high-| yesterday at a bridge-luncheon given 
ly educational. N Mrs. Fred Disbro at her home on 
0 . | F 
. f 7 silver et of red roses on a 
* Meeting of B uUSINEeSS Maderia centerpiece formed the cen- 
. Women of North tra] decoration of the luncheon table. 


0 Hand-made bandkerchieffs were 
Avenue Church. 


awarded the winner of top score at 
1“ The January meeting of the business the bridge game, which followed lunch | 


If your answer to the “S-Word” Picture Puzzle wins FIRST prize, and you have sent in ONE six eo" 
ir 


ig woman's committe of the North Ave- 


? nue Presbyterian 
i fro 
dea 


church, postponed 
last Thursday on account of the 
of Mrs. Clem C. Harris, chair- 


The consolation prize was a hand- 
painted novelty. 

Those present were Mrs. Mc “ord 
Roberts, Mrs. William Rawlings, Mrs. 


Will magnify S-Words not 
visible to natural eye. 


prize, $1,000.00; Third prize, $1,000.00, etc. 
It takes but two six-month subscriptions at $5.00 each, or ONE yearly subscrip 
ify for the big $1,500.00 prize, or the second and third $1,000.00 prizes. 


(See third column of figures in prize list). 


tion at $9.50 (either new or renewal) to qual- 


Absolutely that is all the subscriptions required. You can do 


Wilcox, Mrs. Charles Erwin and Miss 
Marie Parsons. 

On Friday, Mrs. Charles Robert- 
son will honor Miss Montfort with a 
luncheon at her home on Ponce De 
Leon avenue. 

Invited to meet Miss Montfort are, 
Mrs. Wilcox, Mrs. William Rawling 
Mrs. Carter Cook and Mrs. Courtland 
Whitaker. 

Tuesday, January 24, Mrs. Mar- 
tin Dunbar will ee a bridge lunch- 
eon in honor of Montfort and 

i: — of * H. E. 2 — „ — 

5 ö N ton. est of her er, Mrs. Lon- 
Mrs. Cooley . son, ee 


Payable in Adva nce (By 
Mail, Carrier or Agent) 
deckel, and of Mrs. Virgie Phil- 
4 ‘Ts Honored. ip Archer of New York 
Urs. Clayton Cooley, of Minneapo- 


man. will be held in the church house, 

527 Peachtree street, Thursday eve- 
| ning» Supper will be served at 6:30 

o'clock. 

. This committee, an organic part of 
othe Woman's society of the church. is 
I’ composed of the business and profes- 
“ef sional women of North Avenue church 
and many friends who have been af- 

'} filiated in it from the beginning. It 
i doing a splendid work along social, 

4: missionary and other lines and is grow- 

ing both in numbers and usefulness. 


this with very little effort. Your own subscription can count. 


We can also take subscriptions to start at any future date. Just mark on your order 
when you want the paper to start, and we will not commence delivery until you say. 


r Megag RCIA GEE TCA 


— 
BIG PRIZE QUALIFYING BLANK 


J. L. DECKER, Puzzle Manager, 
The Atlanta Constitution, Atlanta, Ga. 


SUBSCRIPTION RATES 


qualify 
[AS ha 
— * ’ * * 


Enclosed, please find 9 for The Atlanta Constitution, to 
my list of “S-words” for the larger bo oster prizes. : 


Eight guests will be entertained. DAILY AND SUNDAY eeeseseeteve „eeectl. 
85 Minn., who is visiting her sister, . ose oe ieee 
3 George L. Oeantalt was honor Six Months $5 
est at the bridge-tea given yes- 7 

oa Ria by Mrs. Ri 


Name eee dees es dees essen 


Postoffice ovocescce esse eee Postof flies „„ „ „ „ „ „„ „„ 


P's 2 


Street e „eder. 


ard Congdon at} Mrs. Charles H. Davis, newly elect- 


Y 
ed regent of the Atlanta chapter, will DAILY AND. SUNDA 


Ouly subscriptions at the above 
can be accepted to count in 


the puzzle game. 
(Copyright, 1922, The Atlanta 
eee, 


Get one to hel 
you in the 8 
Contest.“ it may 
help you win a 
pr 


N. F. D. . . . „. . Kate dee ebe bse R. F. D. „4e Hate er 


State new oF renewal. ..ccosteceststees tate new or Fenewal . e 


, , ~ — 
—— seeeee r 565“%ͤ: . f „6 „ 6„%%%%„%%„„„ „1986606 60080 


1 2 remi use ™ or blank drafts payable te 
The Afiants stitution. NOW TO UNDE VIDT' "LS. bi ogee ae 


Por 


i 
2 * : 


we J — 32 a - * * 5 r - 5 * 8 ae 4 5 . : 
- 9 1 . In OS) gilt 1 * 
n ae RE eee P< eee —— 8 1 
x . 5 — 12 nee *. ‘ See y N . * . — 

* — 1 ; tse: * oe Se 3 a — ve is * At %, * „ Sa ne ORR hier gS eee ae ei E < ie Sem OR eee soe Be S 0 52 a 5 . 

7 5 : . . at Oe r 3 REY >) aoe 8 — $s c * 1 n STT ĩ K Lae . PAN : n BE Mare 
. 4 : . * * eres 4 N 2 * hey 2 2 8. * ar rsp aN , wal bee nN + : > 
i * — * * 8 — * . — ö * OP; aes 8 n : * = he N Sa Ee 8 : = ye od . Sue Set Megs) 5 23 
ee A 2 ok 2 te 3 4 2 5. . N a 3 8 8 — . rao 
iy Pies ai Se ete hiss? 4 : 2 8 . = 8 3 ** be 

oon . ae 7 8 ' a 
25 1 n 


The 0 nstitution 5 ee 0 5 ov per 1 — a ee ie 3 . AS bys prom, 3 * N f 3 
TRAIL ⁶ſ n 
BT MAX BRAND: ob i MATTER WITH HIM~ “THE fe “LL. JUST CALL HIM UP 3 
(Copyright, 1922, for The Constitution) - OLD FUSS BuperT- HE ) / Yo FIND OVT. WHATS THE WHY HELLO n 
ae 5 a | MUST HANE Stveserd un ~ MATTER Wire HIM = | | a WHERE HAVE BEEN- | 
Next Week, The Columbus of Space,“ by Garrett p. Serviss | * AGAIN OR BUMPED } Mode PLEBEIAN RELATYES . 
1 * ; Rae f de-  MANSE HE MIGHT HAVE GOTTEN ‘YO HIS + 
(. (Continued from Yesterday.) night before, Eldara was going full . : THE MATTER 
“Pe Red light flared in all the windows | that evening, Kilrain ee LOST WIS ger N OF EAR WITH A LOT OF He- 
. ok the dining room; shouts.and groans | Doc Young, to bring him later to join 


PARAGORIC = 

ta and cursing poured out of them. Bard | Nash at the house of Deputy Glendin. 
„turned and followed her out towrrd The front of the deputy’s house was 
the stable on the run, and he heard utterly dark, but Nash, unabashed, 
_ her moaning as she ran: “I knew! 4 knocked loudly on the door, turned 
knew!“ . the knob, and went up the stairs. The 
She mounted her horse, which was | deputy met him, clad in a bathrobe and 

© tethered near the barn. He chose at carrying a lamp. 
ie random the first horse he reached, “Come to see you on business,” an- 


" 


ONW | SAW You cor 
RIDING IN YouR CAR 
WITH CARLOS AND 1 
HEARD CALL You 
Noos AND | KIND 
OF THOUGHT | MIGHT 
8 \ 


‘HELLO! S8 


WORLD ‘To 6 Poe 2 N 
COME BETWEEN Nas. : KE NO FoR 


SWEETHEARTS - 


threw on his back the saddle | 20unced the cattleman. 
the peg behind, “What kind?’ * 
mounted, and they were oif through| Bard.“ 
the night. “I thought so.” 
A mile, two miles dropped behind} “I want a posse.” 
them, and then in an open stretch, tor What's he done?” ö 
be had outridden her somewhat, An- Killed Calamity Ben at Drew's 
thony reined back, caught the bridle; Place, started a fire that near burned 
ot her horse, and pulled it down to a | the house, and lifted Duffy's hoss.” 
sharp trot. : Glendin whistled softly. | 
Why have you come?“ I'll go out to Drew’s place and see 


Their faces were so close that even | What he’s done.” 
“And then start after him with a 


in charge of the gang. Do what you} course, I don’t know what way Bard | Chances may be good that he'll put up 
“I’m running this little party. Let Want to with them, and remember that headed, because he’s got the git with|at some place near the old pa op | 
me get a gang together; you can sw ar Youre to get Bard back in town un- him, but I figure it this way; if a house, but not right on the spot. Jerry 
‘em in and put me in charge. I'll guar- harmed—if possible. tenderfoot knows ahy part of the] Wood, he’s got a house about four or 
antee to get him before morning.” Butch Conklin smiled, and the same range at all, he'll go in that ‘direction | five miles to the north of Drew’s old 
Glendin shook his he smile spread grimly from face to face after he’s in trouble. I've seen it ranch. Butch, you take your men and 
“It ain't legal, Steve. You know among the gang. Evidently this point work out before. So I think that ride for Wood's place. Then switch 
"9 3 been elucidated to them Bard may have ridden straight for the south and ride for Partridge's store; 
1. ash, who now mustered them out | old Drew place on thé other side of if we miss him at Drew’s old house 
of the house and assembled them on the range. I know a short cut over we'll go on and join you at Partridge's 
their horses in the street below. the hills, we can reach there by morn-| store and then double back. He'll be 
5 Which way do we trasel?”’ asked] ing. Kilrain, you'll go with me. somewhere inside that circle and El- 
orty Kilrain. “It may be that Bard will go near dara, you can lay to that.“ | 
4 ie 7 at . 


“Two ways.“ answered Nash. Off the old nlace) but not right to it. iss, 


No, but—” 
“Then they'd run you down in 
twelve hours. Where’ll you head for?“ 
He said, as the first thought enter- 
ed his mind: I'il go for the old house 
that Drew has on the other side of the 
range.” 
“That ain’t bad; know -the short 
cut?” 
“What cut?” 
“You can make it in five hours over 
done trail. But of course you don't 
know. Nobody but old Dan and me 
eerer knowed it. Let go my bridle and 
| & ride like hell.” | 
1 She jerked the reins away from him 
as — — off at full speed He fol. 
sad CHAPTER XX. BE heey admit that's what youd want, 
Through the windows and the door „Absolute.“ 
the cowpunchers fled from the red “Well, partner, it can't be done. 
spurt of the flames, each man for That ain't apprehendin’ a man. It’s 
himself, except Shorty Kilrain, who just plain murder. I can’t send you 
stooped, gathered the lanky frame of | after him, Nash. That's final.” 
N Calamity Ben into his arms, and stag- „Not a bit. I know too much about 
‘gered out with his burden. The great you, Glendin.” 
form of William Drew loomed through The glance of the other raised 
— slowly, fixed on Nash, and then low- 
b ap ag ge eg ro tg of Shorty, ered to the floor. He produced pa- 
e cried: Is he badly burned?” pers and Durham, rolled and lighted 
a. Shot,” said Kilrain bitterly, “by | his cigarette, and inhaled a long puff. 
„the tenderfoot; done for. “After all,” mused. the deputy, 
It was strange to hear the big voice | “you'd be simy'v doin’ work I'd have 
o shrill with pain. to do later. He'll never be taken 
Shot? By Anthony? Give him to} alive.” 
me. ˖ cs ol’ Glendin. 1 knew 2 see 
ight. "i go out and get the boys . 
1 want in ten minutes.“ Wait here, COME ON = 7 
Shorty and Doc Young will come in a DECORATE AN } 
1 ASt. S UP: 


a minute. One thing aa when vou 
get to Drew's place you'll find him DEA N 
Le 
/ 
DEAL: 


“To hell with legality. You'll do 
your part by goin’ to Drew’s nince | 
with Doe Young. He'll be here with 
Shorty Kilrain in a minute.” 

“And let you go after Bard?” 

Right.“ 

“Far’s 1 know, you may jest shoot 


« \ 


4 \ 
b 


NV KN 


CHIP FIRST... 
C MON! 
Kick IN,- 
DEAL a 


INTERFERE 


E 
WITH Your LET im 


WAIT. 
WHAT DOES 
HE DO WITH 
Aut HIS 

CHiPs ? 


ner meee n 6 
LEARN EA Fag, SE «Oa ae AN Rea 


sen ok nary 
ae ee 


9 


es, 8 
* * 
fobs ** 4 
howd . 


7 * 


Kilrdin lowered his burden to the 
ground. 
“You’ve got him ‘murdered. Ain't 
_ you through with him? Calamity, he 
was my pal!“ 
But the big man thrust him aside 
and knelt by the stricken cowpuncher. 
He commanded: “Gather the boys; 
form a line of buckets from the pump; 
fight that fire. It hasn’t a hold on the 
house yet.“ 


i 3 F 


actin’ queer.“ 
“What about?“ i | 
“I dunno why. It’s a bad mess. Lou 
see, he’s after this Bard himself, the | 
way I figure it, and he wants him 

left alone. He'd raise hell if he knew 5 . 
On 


: 4 he -ealls it. this Bard. 
“2 a feller like Bard simply means to 


They caught it in time and worked 
with a cheer, swinging the buckets 


mes fell little by little until the 

r of the room was awash, the walls 
gave back clouds of steam, and the 
only fire was that which smouldered 
along the ruined table. Even this 
went out, hissing at last, and they 
eame back with blackened, singed faces 
to Calamity and Drew. 

e rancher had torn away the coat 
and shirt of the wounded man, and 
now, with much labor, was twisting a 
tight bandage around his chest. The 


Fes of Calamity rolled up; the wide 


lips twisted. over formless words; thére 
was no sound from his ‘mouth. Some- 
one was holding a lantern whose light 
‘ell full on the silent struggle. It was 
Nash, his habitual sneer grown more 
malevolent than ever. 

“Kilrain,”’ called Drew, “You're Ca- 
lamity’s best friend. Ride for Eldara 
end bring back Dr. Young. Quick! 
We're going to pull Ben through.“ 

„I'll stop for the doctor at Eldara.“ 
Kilrain growled, but then I'll keep 


on riding.“ 


„What do you mean?” 
Nothin'.“ | 
An go with yon,” said Nash, and 


. turned with the other. 


.. “Stop!” called Drew. “Boys, I know 
What you have planned; but let the 


fla take care of this. Remember that 


we were the aggressors against young 
Rard. He came peaceably into this 
house and I tried to hold him here. 
What yould vou have done in his 
place?” 
Kilrain and Nash glowered at him 
‘a moment, and then backed through 
the door. : * 
As they hurried for the barn Kil- 
vain growled: _ - ies 
wou and me, Steve, we'll get this 
: 99 


wen get Mlendin behind us first.” 
: + ow 


| y him? 
“Play safe. Glendin can swear us 
in. as denuties. to—‘apprehended,’” as 
Apprehendin’ 


shoot him down and ask him to come 
alore afterward, see?“ ; 
nut will Glendin do it?’ 


a posse was after the tenderfoot.“ 
“Drew's a bad one to get against 
me. 

“IT know. But you won't listen. to 
him.“ 

Not this one time. But Lord, man, 
I hate to face him if he's on the war- 
path. Who'll you take with you?’ 

“Shorty, of course. He was Calam- 
ity Ben’s pal. The rest will be- don't 
laugh—Butch Conklin and his gang.” 

“Butch !” 

“Hold yourself together. That’s 
what I mean—Butch Conklin.“ 

“After you dropped him the other 
night?“ 

Self -defence, and he knows it. I can 
find Butch, and I can make him go 
with me. Besides, he’s out for Bard 
himself.” | 

The deputy said with much mean- 
ing: “You can do a lot of queer 
things, Nash.“ 

“Glendin, I’m makin’ the biggest 
play of my life. I’m off to find Butch. 
You'll stand firm with Drew?’ 

“I won't hear a word he says.” 

„S'long! Be back in ten, minutes. 
Wait for me.” 

Iie was as good as his word. Even 
before the ten minutes had elapsed 
he was back, and behind followed a 
crew of heavy thumping boots up the 
stairs of Glendin’s house and into the 
room where he sat with Dr. Young 
and Shorty Kilrain. They rose, but 
not from respect, when Nash entered 
with Conk and his four followers, Lo- 
vel. Isaac. McNamara and Ufert. 

The three men who were already in 
the room, had been prepared by Glen- 
din for this new arrival, but the fact 
was almost too much for their cred- 
ence, 

They repeated-the oath after the 
deputy in a broken, drawling chorus. 
stumbling phraseotogy. 

He ended, and then: “Nash you’re 


Den 


I 


O 


— . 
— 


SOMEBODY’S STENOG—Charita 


X 


— 
— 
— 
= 


INN 


——ů—— 


la 


SHARON PoTTS HAS 
“WORKED PRETTY HARD To 

KEEP THE GooSeé CricK FERRY 
\OPEN THiS WINTER ANO WHEN OLD 
MAN PENNYPACKER (THE VILLAGE: TiGHTWAD) 

WENT THROUGH “THE ICE TRYING To WALK AcKoss, 
AN HRO BLAME SHARON FoR THe WAY HE ACTED. 


AGF 


ble to the Last 


22 By Hayward 


77), THANK TOU. BUT F THIAK | 


‘MISS OFLAGE, 
I SUGGEST THAT 


“ou PUT THAT 
B3000 OF SOURS 


IL SUPPosE TI 
REALLY OUGHT. 
TO DO THAT, 


THATS A PRETT'T OAE, 
ONLY THE*T OUGHT To 
HAVE FLOWERS IN THE 
WINDOWS, WELL, IL. 
GO IN AND GINE ‘EM 
THE CCE OVER: 


V 


7 14 „ It 
Sr; 
i 


8 r * 


YES, Miss, T SHOULD THINK So. 
OUR RESERVE IS FOUR 
MILLION DOLLARS —OUR 
DEPOSITS LAST ‘TEAR 

\ AMOUNTED TO ABOUT SIXTY 
MILLION. I-CAN NAME A 
DOZEN) MILLIONAIRES WHO 


DEPOSrr THEIR 


TLIL TAKE Vr E TO’ 
A. BANK. THAT: : 


— 


„Rein do what T ask him to do.” | 
“Priend of vours?”’ . 221 
; * — 4 : _ J|A-B -HAYWARD ~'9 


“Retter’n a friend.“ 
“(ot something on him?” phat 

„These here aneati ne, they ain't po- | | 5 — — 
lite. Shorty,” erinned Nash. | “LE YOU. WENT To WORK You DON'T DESERVE ANY PITY! MO 2 
FOR A CHANGE YOu EVER HEARD OF SUCH A.CRAZY IDEAS 
GOING TO BED AT AZ AND GETTING UP 
— ) AT 5 wHy THAT ONLY 


: As if to make up for its silence the 
WOULDN'T BE Sick !! 
GIVES You 3 HOURS 


+ JUST NUTS — | 3 
5 a 5 5 ie,” SLEEP !!! » 


( SURE! BUT LOOK 

AT ALL THE EXTRY 

HOURS IT GIVES ME 
TO LOAF 221 - 


MAYBE YOU VE . 


. Hi 
Gor INSOMNIA |} NO! ITS My OWN FAUT! 


IDO IT APURPOSE! 1 
GO TO BED AT Z IN TH 
MORNIN. AND GIT UP 
AGAIN AT 5 !!! 


0 


Im Nor sick! 
IM JES’ 
SLEEPY AN 


THE: 
BREADWINNER 


Fathaw’s R 


iin 
i arer 


“SC G 
* a~S 
on . * 
rr 
N „ e * 
oe N 
— Py n a ” = 
20 oe wae 
— 2 * 
, 


ve 
\ 


— 1 
ö 7 r 7 2 5 
N bn 
5 
| ? 
; 1114 * 
1 9 re . 
2 4 eo Pe — . >> 
— . “ ; : 
" * { 7 
. * 2 * 1 
A 7 
* 
’ * 
oC > 
: * * 
— 0 4 7 
— 
* . 7 
* * * * 
U . 


ie Ss 


S 
9 
„ (G : 
ATT itt) Lc 
ss “ae 


\y 


— a> 
rags 


ape 


& 


, 

— — 
‘ = 
2 


nenn 


Scientific 


Loafer 


EELING? :: 


—— — * - — _ — — — — — — — — 


-AND You. SEARCH 
FRANTICALLY FoR 
THE -RECE(PT. 
0 So 

CAREFULLY 
PUT AWAY 


~ AND You SEARCH 
THROVGH ALLATOUR 
FILES 


WHEN A COLLECTOR CALLS 

TO COLLECT A _ BILL: Youve : 
PAID > 

| Kuow ‘I've 

. | | Got a RECEIPT . 

4 2 > | Dis NAC 
A. /] f= 3 


es » 
oh 


> * = . 3 * 
9 1 1 aS NS 7 
S y HM eed. 

a ee, | 


az 
IT 4 = . 


* es 


2 BT PS ees Renan ae itn 
. ; PE +, eke es 
* 5 5 * 3 3 * oe <BR 
y * 


* 
1 8 
N 1 : 3 5 
& y z , 7 42 ‘ We . 
: ¢ 9 8 1 h rh . ‘ » 
a Rn ae thy Ng: WG NN 11 9 9 ts * 6 . us 9 $94) 0 
— 5 z 7 Sige Se AAT, [aoe 1 5 E * a Be , — „* ä * . _— — . — . 8 
nne , “ i ; 1 12 Lae agra, E 8 N : ae ee i. 
; Boe rp a By 5 * 7 i r „„EꝓTRRRRk!I!!.. . ares 

: = 7 7 tO as Die ie ok ; ~ 1 „ inp hah 
By , pe r+: 2 ae 


" : 1 ; + 9 
5 — “ 7 - — 2 — : 
22200 em MENS BOT, hd dag, Mh 
: * — — 


pe sew 8 2 2 ‘ . es Be a. Fag ne oat er 2 “ : . 3 3 : ms * 8 2 
4 a ; ; 4 . ; ; <3 See . i 4 * : * * : Py * hs ; ; 
o> agree Pia ts ee ie 
°™ ATES ae a 
> > 
wy ~ K Pe 
s & ae n 
. 2 2 8 


R r 
7 * 
Hy 


4 
2 . N 4 » n renn * 1 4 
„ r ligt * * . n c 5 R g 1 n . n 8 e oat — a * — 
. 888 * . : * R 0 N 2 er : iP 5 WW j re aaa | a. ‘ . Co 
vo * 2 * 2 + . > 2 7 8 = Pa S 7 a a 8 ae * 1 2 SS ay 5 7 * 1 5 7 + ee 4 E 4 0 . ns 1 7 — * 1 = >. 
PEBN iy Sea ti ESSE ere = 7 8 8 ; a ie i wn a —_— — Fae one . 8 : : = * ö 3 . * N Pe. at a eg 2 0 fe 1 > = 8 * 2 . 5 . "Pas. ¥ * 
5 Ri cs pag. A Mes 7 2 1 . 8 ety MAS ies § —* 3 . N 8 5 n ** * N ö . q 7 . } : 5 „ ; 4 ee — 
n 38 “tn ö — * . * 4 2 te cae & ’ g *. ae * 3 „ 7 11 ; a 5 4 N „ 3 ee - * J “ 4 ’ n a 
E. 7 1 . * — 8 = * 4 ® 9 * * + * * 7 Ba N 5 N ~ 4 . 8 
{ 5 * * = 1 ’ ig 7@ : N 12 11 . ö 5 . 
+ 9 2 1 a k 3 * Monge 8 . 3 : . ’ ' g . E 
J : ; 7 
1 4 . 5 7 7 
Lat 2 * * ; 4 
* 34: 


r IS DEFEATED 


rate. SS erg 
2 3 

5 * = ‘ = 8 — 
8 r * 3 * 
e N ** . ; 
5 see * a a 
* wt By 
ö . rapes rd : 
8 - es ; 8 

2 * — ’ * 1 1 * : Sis . Se nn * ° — 
. 2 N 1 2 . ö » * 2 “4 1 wif a —_ Shee 
ö 7 > | 1 * 
TH : 1 * 7 . 
a - + * 9 2 * * P f, 4 * 3 
a 4 1 0 5 > 1 a” 5 
n. 2 5 4 * * 9 N * 
1 8 * 4 1 > 2 
x cy a at. a 4 4 
2 oor * N 
Ss z * 
7 ö 4 « 
9 = , 


. 
* 
tg 


e round of basketball. in’ | mx BILL MORROW 

. The Oglethorpe Freshmen lost 
played ioni Vetey’ Meno- nic interest, which was for M. f b 
22 Spectacle—Excessive Im- it is ‘now, , te 12. 


Robert Edgrep 

deals largely with the Washington greater than it is now, a : 

and Jefferson-University of Califor- play the Wesley Memorial, and Result ‘ has extended to these with other ool- Bn ot 1 — K a — 

nia grid battle at the Tournament |} Harris Street Presbyterian will play portance Result. \ leges; and this year the attendance at | and pointed out many — 

of Roses. Mr. Edgren is a Pacific the West End Presbyterian class in , : the whole series has been larger than on bach des many | weaknesses! the crowd will yell louder w | ant 
coast product, but is too wise_in |} the last game of the trio. ever before. Although the séverity of hampered by the — Ay a. akan all, it is the upset that makes for interest in sport. If eve ze 
football affairs to take any stock,]. The games should be very interest.“ Cambridge, Mass., January 18.— the injuries suffered, and eapecially light, the electricity having been cut according to dope, then sport becomes cut and dried, and it is @ 
i 3 nome from 1 —＋ — ing eee the fact — * — Publie interest in football has tended — Per Mae! ry ey P svar cr f and consequently the game was eternal 1 for mn dark horse that makes 3 ea 5 
the Calformians were L. Pandi. teams have been organized n sive impor U Ares played with only a little assistance Perhaps most wonderful thing that ever happen base 
capped is the muddy condition of || have been practicing together since to give excetsive importance to college rules made a dozen years ago, football from “Old Sol.” Attempts at pass. was when the Boston Braves, not given even a fighting chance for 


fiel . Edgren also |) their last : athletic’ contests, President A. Law- remains a rough and strenuous sport, ) ; vic 
pays 9 * — Wil- Only pig — of this league were | Fence Lowell, of Harvard university, in which 3 are often received — . 2 Cun tory, whipped the Philadelphia ‘Athistics four straight times, « 1 
gon, alleged middleweight champion || played on the first round. They were | said in his annual report to the over-| that impair the efficiency of the play- point of view X. A. Dope is dope and dope is dope, and never the dope shall mest, as 
of the world. won by the Harris Street Présbyterian | sers. made public today, He said | ers for a comple of weeks or more. Mr. Kipling came near saying. But the thing that interests sport 
| | class and the Gtace Methodist team. * F * oe 2 Another Complaint. Cadets Seore First. (lovers more than dope is the upsetting of dope. The only thing the 
2 7 merican eges an at “it wou - : ä 
A 8 ROBERT EDGREN. , DN 3 N * he well for faculties, Dl. In order, therefore, to keep them . — 2 — with a rush. American sporting public likes better than to see a champion 3 
N has one 9 es ms in the ; in good condition for the two principal berts, of Oglethorpe, getting the tip] to see him knocked over. 
| Calif king football x pa . 4 bate 
Washington and Jefferson gave ornia such a corking foo league. They have no stars on the | and governing bodies to consider afresh games with Princeton and Yale at over King. The Petrels soon lom ee 3 
e that California is planning to invit the Presidents out again next] team, but ev layer plays to win | the proper place of public intereolleg- the ball, however, and the scorer The upset record is strangely scant, e . 
— 5 and also p i his — out. | iate athletic contests in the scheme of a 3 4 yf — ree chalked two points for the cadets. for the dope usually runs right true Latonia. Each time I wagered small 
The W. & J. style of play made a tremendous hit on the Pacific | The team as a whote plays very good | education. abies ee with other colleges some, or, in many | Another goal for the boys from Col-| to form. The other night there was | #mounts and with each winning placed” 
coast. It was clean, hard football with worlds of speed and all the va- basketball. 8 7 sg? “The present policy in college foot- | cases, all of the members of thé first lese Park followed in quick order. insta f t. Phil O'Dowd the money won in the winter oh 
ety team could use on à muddy'field. The easterners were | The team that rapresents the Grace | (all Bae plan! zaid President Lowdl, | fleven, playing, insfact, a second team. | Jackson, star guard of the Petrels,| „ lever voungster 9 of course at constantly decreasing 
ri that any in th d afterward. Captain Stein, standing Methodist is the University Bluebird Hberate plan,” said President Lowell, This. bes deen purce of complaint. bt a foul quickly followed by a]s cleyer youngster from Ohio, was odds. On the day of the ne n 
good sportsmen, © Same and ait the offensi J a heroic team and local fans will have a chanee and is: not based upon any principle’ To rang E “another col-.| perieet goal from. the center of the] seeking a match with champions. He] derby Lieutenant Gibson was fas 
erect in his position, directing his team on the offensive, was a heroic to see Coach Boonie; university five | Recognized. as imperative by faculties,) jege and then put on the field not our Curt, Thus the game wore on, at the ya. asking large purses and wanting ite, one of the few reat favorites im” 
figure. , in action. He has a wondérful team alumni and spectators, The public in- regular team but an eleven composed end of the first half the seore stood é the history of that classic. .Withow= 
8 The easterners started tearing up the California line at a terrifie and with Laird in the Iine-up his terest in the sport as a spectacle has of substitutes, has been criticised as 12. to 6 in favor of G. M. A. only a crack at the champions. As 4 cent of my own wagered I stood t | 
i pace in the first quarter and, according to their custom, the Bears team will be hard to beat. The first become general over the country and unsportsmanly; and yet, what else Fair, at left forward, was the star incidental divertisments he agreed to] win a fortune, and the horse 4 
offered a stubborn defense and waited for the easterners to tire, as game is scheduled to start promptly 1 Ren ly since the war. (an be done if to play in these games from the G. M. A. standpoint. He] drop down to Philadelphia and kick | favorite, as low as 7 tu 5 being b 
other v — tance to college athletic contests. a total of fifteen points—a good day’s D 5 p 80 the stretch he carried out and an 
Caifornians were soon forced to use all their strength and strategy to pe v 1 bers of our team before it has reached * P Kin ne] money. He met K. O. Joe O'Donnell, — N was 
itor t of the time alue Is Admitted. its maturity of training? work tor any man. Aing was Only! rated as a set-up and a soft mark ten finishing third, ong 
hold their Own. The ball Was in W. & J. terr * mos 0 5 10 3 és 242 2 able to register two points He played 2 D a ’ * Co b FS 
, ival goal line than W. & J. did dur- a f , That intercollegiate matches have Criticism has been directed also to : . and so advertised by O’Dowd'’s mon- lumbia. 93 
and California got nearer to the r 8 ; a wonderful floor game, but was . i 85 
oe t Archie Nesbit's wonderful punt- a distinct value in stimulating sports, gur refusal to play games off our own h losely by Jackson to add 28¢?- What happened was that} The upset of rowing last year et? 
— a rina . as —— 2 marked advantage. which are the best form of physical | field except with Princeton and Yale, | Watched too closely by Jackson to add) ODonnell licked O'Dowd all the way, haps was Columbia. The form nae 
he failure of California’s favorite ; oe 


exercise in youth, few people would Such a policy has been alleged to be to the total of his team. and in the third round swung over] have been false, but Columbia had a> 
onl tl ed BEN LE. N AR D oe gS — deny 2 — 1 * 5 * 1 agen Jackson’s Guarding. the K. O. and the easy pickings de- e which ed great. 4 ae 
game was only partly caus wat race between Oxford and Cam- the same feeling is the deman a =: . : 
by a rudy ball — a slippery field, recognize him as champion unless he oie As stated above, Jackson held King! me a near champ 
me 


brid the Th d the cricket | Harvard ought to pl ith rr 
a f riage on the ames, an e cricke arvard oug oO play WI more Ste » : . ich. ; race start e wagering W e 
for nearly every. ¢ a pass was at- delivers the goods, The boxing some ss match between these universities, sup- | teams from other parts of the Country. eth ig re pate 4 3 on ets 3 ö tween Syracuse and Columbia ch 
tempted the California runners were | missions of New York and Massachu New York, January 18.—Charley | plemented in each ease by a series of If, like the professional baseball] floor in the manner of a veteran.| ; thing happens a little oftener i figured the battle would be bete eos 
0 unable to get through or around W. & | setts have shown how they regard Wil-] White, the Chicago lightweight, has intra-mural contests, has been enough 4 the object of the college foot - His foul shooting was a little below in boxing than in any of the other] their crews. Jt rather alarmed me, 
J’. magnificent defense. son’s action by barring him from fur- arrived in New Tork to talk business to stimulate unflagging interest in| ball teams is to carry on a contest for A 1 sports for there are boxers who have I had w d that Columbia would — 
y 8. magn 4 55 A a 8 Sins ; a AN Or par, but this can easily be accounted 6 r Aas 1 had wagered that Columbia a 
W. &, J. gained 130 yards by rush- ther competition. There should be a; with Tex Rickard as to the chances | those sports among the students. Judg- | national championship, it is not quite toe en mecount of thé darkness. He the Indian sign upon men who gan] finish last in every event, busing hs 
| ing, agaist California’s 56, and that’s | national governing body in boxing that ef getting a fight with Leonard. ing from the effect of the race at New | clear how these demands can be proved was by far the star for the Petrels beat every one else in the class. Ihe} idea upon lack of spirit and A 1 
my of the game. Now Califor-| could drop Wilson from the list of White won a decision over Johnny | London, one may ask whether or not unreasonable. But the faculty, assum- The Petrel team did not lack ag- upsets in boxing are historic, but per- tion. Eslumbia finished last in ererx 
8 nia verb and managers have agreed | champions permanently. Dundee, in Boston, Monday night, but | the same plan would be sufficient in ing that education is the prime object gressiveness and fight, They are minus haps one,of the best examples Was | event. a 
® tbat they want to meet the Presidents] NOT A REAL. CHAMP the referee was so scandalized py | football. The necessity of maintaining | of the college, is of the opinion that the power to move around, however the fight between Joe Choynski and Washington and ee 
1 5 7 f 4 we ‘ 2 . * 5 8 2 ° 2 . ’ . a . > 22 
again, ik W. & J. develops another Imagine Kid McCoy side-stepping | what he termed the injustice of the | for this purpose a public spectacle at“ the members of the team, their sub- Roberts, their 225-pound center, got Peter Maher, Peter, u tremendous ff Vea 
great team next year, and it is likely|Greb. Imagine Tommy Ryan hiding | award by the judges that he tore up| tended by thousands of spectators | stitutes, managers, etc., cannot be ab- the tipoff, but did not play the floor hitter, was much heavier than his Je erson. 1 
that the Pennsylvanians wil be in- behind the kind of an excuse 8 his license. every Saturday throughout the autumn | sent from Cambridge more than they as he should. The Petrels were minus lithe | * 8 The fight In football one of the greatest u 2 
vited to go to the coast for the open- offers for flunking, Iniagine 0 PARE is certainly not clear ; and whether it | are now without detriment to their services of “Red” Minhinnett, former — > i Ay ork, and in those days sets was the defeat of Harvard by 
ing of the new million-dollar stadium | Fitzsimmons showing the white feath-| Even if Frank Baker decides to | ought to be maintained for any other! studies. prep guard, who is out on account eodore Roosevelt was commissioner | Centre college, although the upset of 
at Berkeley. er. And when would Papke or Ketchel return to the Yanks next season, de- | ° of sickness. of police and a lover of the boxing Princeton by —— and the 
. CLIMATE IS A PROBLEM have run to cover to avoid Harry | spite reports that he has determined In the opinion of the writer, G.] Fame, and he was at the ringside, W. and J. 
W. & J. solved the problem of put-|Greb or anyone else? to retire, he will not be certain of ‘win- M. A. is set for 2 comeback. They] Choynski, fast, perfect in execution, 
ting a team on the field after a long Would Frank Klaus have gone into | ning back his old nost at third base. have the material, they have the coach,| elear-headed, cut Maher to ribbons, 
trip in perfect playing condition by | hiding if a man like Greb was on his | The last word the Yanks’: received and they have the fight which it takes while the big, powerful favorite swung | Texas A. and M 
. training at home and on the trip and trail? We used to have some real} from Baker was that he was rearing to produce a winner. G. M. A. is to and swung and missed and misseq. shock. To me 
arriving shortly before the event. champions in the middleweight class,|to play ball again, but this was be- he watched and feared. Finally the bout assumed the propor- 2 
5 oy = 1 teams “be 9 late re 1 fr 1 — ake h n 5 1 7 The line-up: — of _ — py oe Moher 2 kerenes 
suffer from climatic changes by going | have been a poor lot and hardly wor owever, the Yanks have Mike Mc- OGLETHORPE „M. A. bleeding, beaten in bad shape, an e K a 
to the sene of a contest too soon. looking at. ' Nally for the post, and as Baker seem- B gh B k tSt k | L 5 police were getting ready to stop the h ? ä 
American athletic teams going to Al McCoy was a joke. Mike O’Dowd | ed to be slowitig up last season, while irming am 8 as e Oc 8 OW . 5 1 . =)| bout, They were starting to enter the] final, and Illinois won anil overthrew © E 
England always do best when they ar-| was a game, sturdy fighter, but lack-| Mike was approaching perfection, It’ ; 55 ve A lub 7 N ring to stop the fight when Roosevelt the Qhians’ claims for the champlon+ 
_ rive just before the contest. ing in skill. there will be competition at third base. P wg — 9 Pe e — 12 cibilite — “eee 8 ubmen ise — r. g intervened, saying, That man is not] ship. 
; Athletes Who go abroad to compete] As for Wilson, I see no reason why Then, also, the Yanks have Glenn — 8, onl there is a ile oo ‘ — 1 to <i ea irn — cop > we Jackson, (6)..... 1. K in| beaten yet.” And in the next rouna| (Copyright, 1921, for The Constiteuj- 
are always at their best during the Rickard should want to put him on at Killinger, the great Penn State foot- that 3 3 sm ** . 9 4 nis gr b 8 — Substitutes— for Oglethorpe, Tucker, Choynski, oyeranxious and flushed tion.) a 
week following their arrival and al-!all with anybody. Or why the publie ball player and all-around, athlete, 88 K. fo ag ty 4 — ply 8 3 0 2 * we — Morrow and Garner; for G. M. A., With victory, walked into one of 8 
ways slump during the second week f should pay to see him backing around | and Norman McMillan, a strong hit- ™8 1 na a gh oe i ** e e * is time. ibi ng uts Patton (2). Wright (2), Mepherson, Peter's wild licht wallops and was — 5 
because of elimatie changes and the] the ring. ter and fast fielder and base- runner, to keen 1 e Atlanta 10 N ote une n Bass, Chestnut. knocked cold, upsetting the dope en- 2. 
tension caused by waiting for a con- TURNING THE TABLES obtained from Rochester of the Inter- a th ringing Saturd 1 MORRISON TO BE tirely. 
test for which they are prepared and] Johnny Dundee can soon claim a national league. v en the —2 ble 4 r * POWERFUL FACTOR. : Pittsburg. 
fit when they arrive. .” record. He is the busiest boxer in the 2 rmin 8 t nay be ub is the Coach Bean is slowly laying his ER. Ee me 
‘SOUNDS FISHY : business,. Dundee is a marvel for The members of the famous Wash- team that will furnish the competi- — for the national champjonship f all 9 Pp Igsest up- 
There was just one reason for John- staying quality, For several years ington and Jefferson football squad tion. There was a time, not so many | tou nament to be held at Kansas City. Bresnahan Asserts —5 5 all was the ar 1908, when 
‘ny Wilson's backing ont of the match } fight fans have been watching him to} will be honored by their fellow stu- Nears ago, either, when a visit by the Every move of the A. A. C. chieftain Dave Danforth?’ attsburg made its famous finish. 
with rry Greb. Manager Killilea see when he is going to wilt. But he gents and many alumni in a celebra- Slagtown basketeers meant a terrific is aimed at that event, and he believes 5 — * Petey York had been fight- 
BAYS ie: ickard forced Wilson into goes on: fighting as aggressively and | tion at Washington, Pa., the seat of struggle for the homelings. But that’s that a suceessful campaign will be Balk Throw L egal ng each other to a finish all year, 
the match by giving him the 525,000 tirelessly*as ever. the school, Thursday. There will be been some time ago, and it’s quick mapped out before his team takes the 4 5 Both Were tired, their pitching corps } 
‘ purse for’ the Downey bout in New| Dandee, like Lightweight Champion | many speeches in which it is safe to to Start on the toboggan in basketball. | floor with the basketball crown as its N a were worn out, Pittsburg was trail 
Jersey that was held up by order of Benny Leonard, can be absolutely de- say, the proud California team will No stretch of the imagination cart | reward. : New York, January 18.—Roger, ing along. Its case seemed hopeless, 
the New Jersey boxing commission, | pended upon to deliver the goods every | be gently kidded. pretense cone fot the * — * The return of Louis Morrison was Bresnahan, former major league star one eee “7 1 — 1 2 — 
only on condition that Witson, would : — he parte. Ones, long tne ago» — ater — A 2 . eld : 5 fighting —— E 1 that 1 —— of the — 8 a ae The Bhima Ady + 
illi e was knoc ou illie Jack- : : : : ö 8 ose ig 0 erican association, is“! 8 ; K. 
© take on Greb at tus Garden 3 BD Leonerd, lightweight cham enough to keep defeat away. That stay out until ‘Tom Bryan was given in New York for conferences with his ing over the chances and Leever said 
was true in the game with the Yellow | the chance to become thoroughly accli- | old boss, John McGraw, of the world be would sell his chance for 10 cents, 


intimates that he felt peeved over be- son, and the bane — he gy Mtn pion, is improving his aim by a few 
ingiforced:into a match he didn’t want, | the beginning of Dundee s U'nisn. rounds of winter golf on the links | Jackets. Birmingham played like mated at the tipoff position. champion Giants. Roger is looking Fred Clark bought it. On the last 
Tom's work at center has been one for talent to bolster the Mudhens and.] day of the season Pittsburg by beat- 


and being safely back in Boston with; then he has fought Jackson several] near his home. Leonard is only a umb belle durin 
| b n, f N : 1 bells g the first half and 
25 — e eee e ee * Sor n r age at Pag pews — Ei ‘gag + % for the greater portion of the second. of the feature of the club's success it is said, may be aided by McGraw.| ing Chicago, would have won the 

» 9 5 0 k? Having made the agree- Some tough nut! een” — 45 ‘i 8 1 11 Toward the close, the Slagtown duin- to date. He i one of the most valua -“ Bresnahan was asked for his opin-| Championship, but when victory seem- 
All bunk: Having made : . i ~ 2 pe n tet made a brave stand, but it was too] ble players on the squad, and will jon of the miuch-talked-of Balk“ ed within grasp a fumble at third 
ngen late then. ‘prove one of the big factors in what: movement of Pitcher Dave Danforth, base gave the Cubs a victory. 


„ment Killilea and Wilson should go} A NEW 8 W 
e , there are possibilities | exer success the team meets with this the southpaw, for whom the St. Louis] Lieutenant Gibson. 
Season. 7 Browns recently. gave a whole corral In racing upsets are more fre- 


that Wilson is a second-rate cham- into football. Although the University | whoever else he fights on February | that Birmingham will find itself a kg? bis Sak 
10. ) does<- r, we're glad thaf Morrison full of players. quent, and it is hard te*pick an up- 


8 pion and that he knows — would 8 Hawaii ted wor —— ny “i play:.@ real game 
beat him. A champion who cancels a Oregon, it made a fair start, and w Seeal’chehsmers „ . : ; ; 

. ma we . ght see sbmethin has returned. It means that Bean now His movement is queer and trick ; 

88 cn sae rong 9 he or s he 2 gros n rer. Some frome aime Gene Tunney, — par poly se light- | that'll cause the hair to stand up and has three men capable of playing cen, and fools the 2 all right,” is 3 tire 5 
enoush to bare a chance sh weicht Reagan ge — n send shivers up and down the spinal ter, and they're all stars—Morrisou, | Bresnahan said, “and unless a fellow] and because accidents of racing may 
n column, But it's just a possibility. Scott and Bryan. That he'll need af is spry and eagle-eyed when on first] upset them at any time. The upset 


! ‘barred from holding a title. No mat- Honolulu in thtir — 3 a 
takes the game as one to be easily the tournament is concluded. whether he'll get away with it in the] feat of Lieutenant Gibson in the 


> the title may be, the public will not tion.) village long 
and long-haired men began frequent- ; - . . : : 
| 5 CHA PS LOSE copped, but then, Joe never does. He Morrison will probably play against | majors, but really I don’t think it's] American derby, the saddest day of 
his home neighborhooa. of the bad features that showed them- he would j i i it’ , 
M Re. 5 permit Louis to stay in the it's the movement. ot his leg as he's 
Interviewed on the problems of lead- | selyes Saturday! when the Auburn hostilities. about to pitch or when the base 28 328 9 ge — 


JIM BARNES WINS wd 3 * 1 n has had his charges working hard all Birmingham, but Bean bad not made a balk movement. He faces first base my life. He was a strapping, fine 
ANOTHER GOFF TITLE P this week, in an effort to rub off some | up his mind last night as to how long | directly, as do many left-handers, and looking colt. I saw him at ew Or- 
c * * * * 
V ö Los Angeles, January 18.— The ing the simple life in the Bohemian Tigers were defeated at the Audito- „Haven't seen him work enough | runner thinks he’s about to pitch, that : 
TO AN D 1 California state open golf champion- atmosphere, — —3 — 3 rium. ; OMe Pe Coach Bean stated briefly. “If | fools em.“ : — — 3 x FA aap 
ship was won here today by James Greenwich villager doesn now tne The little wizard is afraid his boys he proves he is in good shape in the] The Giants’ management announced — * * 


at 4 . 

Sd pe 
. = 1 

3 


Looks Fairly Easyf 4 Bean Team 


BY CLIFF WHEATLEY. 


en 9 — 

r 8 
* r 
ae oa n i 


„ 
* Roti An Be 
W 


eg eS 


BBS, 


— —— oe. on) 
* N 
ioe : ‘ 8 
2 * 2 
vy ehh 2 


— 
i Widener eH 


of Brains 


L LF — — Ee — — —— — 


7 — - — * ~~ 

rip, 
e WGR 
pal! TS e ir 


Nashville, Tenn., January 18— (Spe- 
tial) — Vanderbilt flashed a brilliant 
floor game agamst the all-Southern 
championship five of Kentucky state 
here last night and completely out- 
played the Champs in every depart- 
ment for a 22 to 12 victory. 

Only three field goald were at- 
tributed to the all-Southern stars of 
Kentucky, so effectively did Tom 
Ryan and Manning Brown. block 
their path. The other six points 
credited the blue grass entry camg by 


Barnes, of Pelham, N. Y., with a 
score of 292 for 72 holes played in a 
three days’ tournament at the Wil- 
shire country club. 

Eddie Loos, of Pasadena, former 
state champion, finished. second with 
a score of 303. For third place three 
players finished with a tie score of | 
307 each. They were Jock Hutchin- 
son, British open «champion; Abe 
Espinosa, of San Francisco, and Mor- 
tie Cutro, of Pebble Beach, Cal. 


difference, if any, between an artist's 
smock and a samovar. 

Tunney does his daily dozen exer- 
cises in his bedroom and has yet to 
glimpse the goings-on at a studio par- 
ty or proletariat reunion, 


HERNDON TO 
HIGH POINT 


will suffer from a bad case of over- 
confidence. Joe declares that is his 
worstvenemy in attempting to keep 
the réegrd clear of defeats. 

But the dope indicates this time that 


RICH FIVE WINS . 
FROM ST. MOUNTAIN 
The fast Rich quintet defeated the 


Stone Mountain high school last night 
at the Auditorium in a very fast and 


workouts this week, he might stick in 
for as much as one half. But we're 
going to carry him at an easy pace.“ 
Bean is very much pleased with the 
work Morrison has done in the two 


workouts he has had with the clubmen. 


.“Looks like the same old Louis,” 


Joe declared. “But you never can tell. 


We don’t want to take any chances. 
Too much at stake to risk a single 
player on the roster, especially at this 
time, when we're just getting down 
into the real schedule, and when one 
slip will throw the whole blame ma- 


that the signed contract of William 
Black, infielder purchased from the 
Virginia league, had been received, 
John Evers, famous Cub and Braves 
second sacker of former years, may re- 
join the Giants’ coaching staff. Evers 
became a caching member of the 
Giants in June, 1020, but was released 
at the end of the season in order te 
accept an offer to manage the Cubs. 
Bill Killifer replaced Johnny as the 
Cub boss last season. : 
Yesterday Evers called on McGraw 
and chatted for a while. It was an- 
nounced that th: visit was purely 


the foul route. 
Bell was the outstaygding star for 
the Vandy team with 5 field goals and 


‘TORONTO TO TRAIN exciting game by the score of 20 to * off 2 t 1 1” put th h taff of th 
meee 0 4. e game was tight and well e general condition of the team is | social“ but the coaching staff of the 
eas AT_ROME IN APRIL) oan CT 
< 2 4 ‘ . ‘ 7e 1 3 N 5 A y 1 
1 ber — 12 Rome, Ga., January 18.— (Special.) | for the Atlanta Crackers and who for F best | 2 lot of injuries to be suffered. . for the job. 1 . 
bry one for the remainder of the scor-| — The Rome baseball club has been | the past two years has managed the work of the night for the winners. the — 
ing. notified by George Lee, manager of the | Lindale club of the Georgia State former playing one of the best games 
The Kentuckians were completely | Toronto club of Fie International league, has signed a contract to man- of his life. He also shot seveen! 
outplayed in the opening half with league, that the latter organization | age the High Point club in the Pied- goals from difficult angles. Norvell 
© the score standing 16 to 5 will be in Rome for the practice sea- | mont league, for the coming year, ac- ran the court well and had a good 
son the first week in April _ Bk — — ir ane So pee ge eye for the basket. 
ce > \ ies of games with the loc me, where Herndon 1s . Red Philli ; 8 
PEP" YOUNG FINDS <4 r It 65 “thought that the Canada The salary that he will receive for | the — 4 . 585 His 
CAUSE OF TROUBLE club will put in a week at several] the coming year was not stated by the shooting in the last half of the game 
Georgia cities in its three weeks’ N . bly nee 12 the 7 1 from * a one sided 
i 8 __ “Pan” practice season. e j ‘ affair. With a little more practice 
“hang Regpeery 2 eens er than he has ever signed for in che the Rich team will have one of the 


weird throwing last year continually TECH STARTS TRACK A endon, while with the’ Crackers, best teams in the city and will pro- 


kept Detroit fandom on the anxious costed deeund the 200 meth, amt vide good opposition. 
d and finally ied to his removal| PRACTICE FEBRUARY s ene eth Tiadale he hit well over GRID PRACTICE W 

ey the ue SP. 1 * — the 8 —— th that mark. Besides being a good bat- ILL 
of the trouble and is undergoing treat-“ February 6, has been set as the ‘one of the best outfielders 
ment at Philadelphia which he expects | date for the opening of track practice — 4 tad ow in a left pasture BEGIN AT TECH APRIL 15 
to put him in first-class shape for the | a+ Tech. This is the same date that | for the Crackers and will make the 

© opening of the coming season, accord-| baseball practice will begin. All men High Point club a valuable man, both 
ing to a letter written to a friend | have been instructed to report for] a. — und an player. 


here ä ‘ 
333 ; practice on that day. 
An X-ray -examination disclosed Tech is planning to send a team . 


Young was suffering from a dislocated | % the annual indoor meet at Johns : 
vertebrae, he wrote, adding that his wy . 3 1 
a og ae worn have — eee a tea a Roo 8 tg san south, Guess Folks Blushed 
ie mck in line. foung predicte RE Bascom 1062 6 . ope 4° part in the practice as he heads the 
| notwithstanding the competition of Caches game 8 When This Pugulistic I bageball casi With the exception 
four youngsters for his berth, he lecting a banner | — Gent Squared Off ol the baseball players all of the 
* be at ‘second when the cham- team. — players will report, and the 
plonship campaign opens. reshmen will be advanced to the hig 
J UD FT HARLAN WILL Peoria, III., January 18.— When Jim group. 
began in the sixteenth century when TRY OUT FOR TRACK S 7 P. C. LOSES GOOD 0 
certain experiments were shown to gs in the ring to shake hands with Stan- Sage ets sey 
f(Jueen Elizabeth. last year captain of 1 : : GAME TO K. OF C 
: Judy Harlan, last year capta ley Everett, Pekin boxer, in the ring | . ° 
— the a Le anagem — — at a theater here last ge — 
signified an intention to try out for! covered he was wearing nothing but , 
the track team this season. He plans a smile. His seconds hurriedly flung 3 83 „ — 
— — te try out for the running broad jump] an overcoat about him and rushed him night by the score of 38 to 28. The 
ae — meme. Ves" i — and the high hurdies. Harlan was a] to a dressing room. He returned in game was one of the most exciting 


Spring football practice at Geor- 
gia Tech will begin April 15, it was 
learned yesterday. The preliminary |‘ 
work will be under the direction of 
coach Alexander and several stars 
who have finished their careers. 

Red Barron will not be able to take 


et Sees Mt paste 
ver q 7 1 5 23 2 ee * +A 6 8 
‘ 
a " — 9 wr * — 1 y * 2 
„ e be e eee RR eee 
* ne es a af? See? ea 
5 1 


PRICE SAE] 


7 
* 1 * 
5 

1 
1 


The scientific study of electricity 


$30.00 SUIT | 
$40.00 SUIT. 
$45.00 SUIT: j 
$50.00 SUIT. 0 
$60.00 SUIT . 530.00 
WE CAN SAVE YOU MONEY 


PYRODINE is an unusually ef- 
ficient treatment, especially de- 


Lion Gustom Gollars represent the beat value podsible to obtain 


; t away, or, | 


= On 92 ere t away or 
4 $1.00 hottie for an additional | 


— * 


* 


p * ’ 
5 7 - — 1 
3 ~ 
A * 1 
—— — 2 Ʒ UU UU— 2 
} ei : 7 


a tus 


a star with the Tech High track) ring costume and won a draw in 10} 
Dental apecilists 3 team in 1917, but has devoted all his rounds, There were a number. of Borg ut the end by either team. gume 
requirements of the mouth more — student of journalism at Notre Dame. winutes was played. The K. of C. , : F To the man who has thought it necessary 
— 4 1 din — BRASELTON WINS 7 team woke up in the extra period and | § to pay a higher price for imported or 
t 
— — N FROM BUF ORD HIGH EMORY CHESS TEAM Finklestein. Seegal, and Rosenberg Ls and hnich-dha't tem Custeun Collar 
must personally experienced Braselton, Ga., January 18—(S j d le did th 1 will fill a felt want. To the man 
before its real value can be ial) —The fast Braselton High School 1 ce <= —.— — — —— 
We all know full well, that the School five here by a score of 38 to 6. 5 
. The visitors put up a wonderful Tov IS UNABLE 
from the beginning by the local five. ae TO MEET RICHARDS 
Every _— on the local team played : 
evident throughout game. tch was - | to an acute attack of la 
2 — — — Oe e | iam. Widen TL, - 
ö 8 w ¥ 
Lexington, Va., January 18.—(Spe-} 2 cebihition teatch bere Saturdey. 11 was 
rial. -In a fast aud rough game} Ore., January 18.—Harry | announced today. Tilden’s condition 
defeated the Hampden-Sidney college Jam 
five in a basketball game by the ford, of Chicago, lat, mig t * 
E 
e 


the therapeutic time to football since entering college. women in the audience. Kelley is a as og to 26, and an extra five 
3 shot 7 points to their opponents 2. | special collars in order to secure custom 
and healing properties, BEATS FULTON HIGH | played best for the J. P. C. Wrig- 
- fully appreciated. quintet defeated the Buford High The Emory chess team comypéetely | played well. . for v plus. 
r first, and est duty. So \ , 
—— yo ge — brand of ball, but were outelassed 
True 2 was a single game from the Kmoty Philadelphia, January aa Wit 
— tennis 
V. M. I. Wins, 44 to 8. — „will be unabel to meet Vin- 
Wills Beats Langford. 
Pgs a . + Portland, 
the Virginia Military institute easily | Wills, negro heavyweight, won an easy is not serious, it was said. 
of 44 to 8. The visitors c 


1 biter: By bo r aS | Ye ERR war wah det,” Gig * 


* he 3 * wo 9 
4 8 8 8 
, . Be: * Pa ; = a 3 it 5 4 
5 3 N „ thy r W 2 
NEN 3 e . ß ONE r 
N 1 * 3 1 e 4 * + * 75 . 3 AY 
‘ a . : n 


J ak <i 2 * > 

PRESS Se 
/ ar ee 
F 


2 


"ty % ws oe 
CCC 
8 


e 
2 * rai 5 ‘ N 
* 1 * * 8 7 
2 11 18 
N N 


* mr. N 
— . < . Sart. 
7 7 wy 


ron, Jan. 18—(Special) —C. 


# Varner, prominent young busi- 


1 man of this eity, was killed in- 


os ESE 
2 * 2 


. 


2 1 
“ag 8 

5 ear 
or Saas 

é 


fantly late last night in an automo- 
collision about ten miles from 
on the Florida short route. 
© was with a party returning from 
Broadway Whirl” which show- 
Albany, and from all reports 
traveling at a rapid rate of 
when his automobile met a car 
from the opposite direction, 


ie: 


— — 
‘wg 


“Hie two collided the impact being so 


Z AS 


At that Varner was thrown against 


re me windshield support, frfacturing 
| his: skull. 


rs. 
5 
2 22 3 


* 
2 
1 
5 
* 


> 
» 
i a 
* 
wz 


“The deceased was employed by the 
National Bank of Dawson, and 

yas a veteran of the World War, 
fying with distinction in France. 
other two occupants of his car 
slightly injured. John 4rwin, 
was cut about the head and 
Jones was practically unin- 


2 52 other car was driven by ne- 
goes and two of them were injured. 


SEVEN RAILROAD 
BOARDS WILL BE 


_ REPRESEN TED HERE 


2 


hee 
„ 
iw 


4 


a 
wee 
— 


. EKepresentatives of railroaa commis- 


gions of seven southern states will 


meet at the Piedmont hotel Thurs- 
| day to discuss the question of send- 


amg Tepresenutatives to the general 


* a freight rate hearing now being held 


— 
ot 
2 


befor 


ee, i 


the interstate commerce com- 
mission at Washington. Joseph P. 


» Hastman, member of the interstate 


W 
missioners will preside. 


2 
* 


+o 


to 
Ba. 
2 
9 
* 
Ae 
* 


5 
5 


a 


25 
. 


5 
afer 


23 
Be 


7? 
ant: i. 
» a 


— 


ie 


* 


15 1 
concluded the visitors will be taken 


commerce commission will attend the 


and take part in the con- 
| James A. Perry. associate 
member of the Georgia railroad com- 
“mission and president of the South- 
‘eastern Association of Railroad com- 


: meeting 


After the hearing at the Piedmont 


for a sight-seeing tour of Atianta. At 

6:30 o'clock Thursday evening they 

ill be guests of the Atianta Freight 

‘Traffic bureau at a luncheon at the 

—— City club. Mr. Eastman will 

ver the principle ‘address at the 
eon. ; 


TO PLAN SUNDAY 


8 
Ser 
ag 
3 
r 
a 
* 
* 


— ers 
ö 
E. 
2 


SCHOOL PROGRAM 


Milltown, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)—Rev. J. Frank Snell, pastor 


fof the Methodist church here and 


@istrict director of the Valdosta Sun- 
iy school work, left today for Me- 

„ where the South Georgia con- 
Sunday school council meets 


With Rev. J. M. Outler, chairman of 
| the Sunday school board, to plan the 
Work of the year. 


ree 


. 
BAS 


tors of the various districts of 
the conference will be present. 


Se 
Bit 


Simple Way To 


| Take Off Fat 


a 


2 


There can be nothing simpler than taking 


a Corivenient little tablet four times each 


8 


until your weight is reduced to normal. 
"gs ali—just purchase a case of Marmola 
ption Tablets from your druggist for 

5 e tzame price the world over. 
directions—no starvation dieting or 
exercising. Fat substantial food 

as lazy as you like and keep on getting 
immer. And the best part of Marmola 
Mets is they are harmless. That is your 
e safeguard. Purchase them from 

or send direct to Marmola 


S Sour Grugrist, 
Ln Woodward Ave., Detroit, Mich.— 


ie | 
B's a 


“tg 


0 * S oO O0 .* © * © woe O * O. 50 * 


: 


% 
2 
E 


5 

aS 
Se. 
3 


> 


282 


2 
8 


5 8 


2 
te 
* 
a 
oi 
* 
3 
. 


ao! 


. 


12 


: 


= > 
2 . 


* 
3 
„ * 
oa > 
5 


Fist can supply you with 2% ounces 


"cough in a way that means business. 
loosens and raises the phlegm, 
* an 


10 ; N Home-made, but Has No 


a 


Equal for Coughs 


Mak es a family supply of really © 

— cough medicine, Las- 
prepared, andeaves about $2. 6 

ORIOSIONUOSONONONONONONES) 


If you have a severe cough or chest 
accompanied with soreness, 
: at tickle, hoarseness, or difficult 
or if your child wakes up 
during the night with croup and you 
Want quick help, try this reliable old 

me-made cough remedy. Any drug- 


of Pinex. Pour this into a pint bottle 
nd fill the bottle with plain granu- 
sugar syrup. you can use 
lagified molasses, honey, or corn 
80 Vrup, instead of sugar syrup, if 
jegired. This recipe makes a pint of 
pally remarkable cough remedy. It 
good, and in spite of its low 
it can be depended upon to give 

Ak and lasting relief. 
fou can feel this take hold of a 


throat tickle and soothes 
s the irritated membranes that 
the throat and bronchial tubes 
in such promptness, ease and cer- 
ty that it is really astonishing. 
Pine is a special and highly con- 
utrated compound of genuine Nor- 
Re pine extract, and is probably the 
"ost known means of overcoming 
ere coughs, throat and chest colds. 
There are many worthless imita- 
ons of this mixture. To avoid dis- 
Pointment, ask for “24% ounces of 
Fine with full directions and don’t 
ecept anything else. Guaranteed to 
Pgive absolute satisfaction or money 
“promptly refunded. The Pinex Co., 

> Bt. Wayne, Ind. | 


DOES LAUNDRY 


82 
2 


S N F 
7 0 F ED 


IND FOUR INJURED 


A n 9 


To Discuss Drive 


Captains and assistant captins of 
the 21 teams in the membership cam- 
paign of the business women’s divi- 
sion of the Atlanta Chamber of Com- 
merce will meet Thursday afternoon 
at 5:45 o’clock in the champe? puild- 
ing to make reports and discuss furth- 
er plans. That the campaign is suc- 
ceeding is disclosed in Wednesday's 
announcement of J. C. Robinson, sec- 
retary of the junior chamber, that on 
Tuesday and Wednesday the cam- 
paign teams obtained new mem- 
bers each day, increasing the busi- 
ness women’s division membership to 


A questionnaire was drafted Wed- 
nesday for the new members to fill 
out. It asks each member to tell her 
civic, industrial, business and welfare 
interest and presents a list of eleven 
departments of the business women’s 
division, so that the members may 
decide in which they prefer to work. 
The dues will be $10 yearly, and the 
division will supply business and pro- 


through which they may co-operate in 
all classes of work. The campaign, 
which began on January 16, aims at 
securing 1,000 members before the 
close on February 3. 


THE CONSTITUTION 
GIVEN SERENADE 
BY ORIENTAL BAND 


The Shriners’ Oriental band, bring- 
ing up the rear of the Shrine minstrel 
parade, serenaced The Constitution 
shortly after 12 o'clock Wednesday, 
and for the time being put a halt to 
all work. 

Alabama street reverberated with 
the strains of Arabian jazz for severar 
minutes, and a large crowd gatherea 
on the sidewalks to listen to the 
street concert. 

A tremendous audience witnessed 
the second and final performance of 
the Shrine minstrels at the Audito- 
rium Wednesday night, and the per- 
formance proved even more popular 
than on its first presentation. 


When the last song had been sung 
and the last quip laughed at, Perrin 
G. Somers, Jr., director of the big 
show, was presented with a $100 
watch by a committee representing 
the Shriners. The gift was made in 
appreciation for his work in training 
the participants. 


Gazaway L. Milledge, 
Former Georgia Man, 


Dies at Texas Home 


News was received in Atlanta yes- 
terday of the death in Timpson, Texas, 
on Tuesduy- of Gazaway Lamar Mil- 
ledge, formerly a well-known railroad 
man who resided at Forsyth, Ga. 

Mr. Milledge was a grandson of 
Governor John Milledge, of Georgia. 
and a brother of the late Captain R. 
H. Milledge, of Atlanta. He was born 
in Augusta 71 years ago, but had 
lived in Texas for the last twenty 
years, where he was a prominent mer- 
chant. 

The deceased is survived by his 
widow and the following nieces and 
nephews: Miss Kate Milledge and 
Miss Adeline Milledge, both of De- 
catur, Ga.; Mrs. Emory Patillo, of 
Charlotte, N. C.; Mrs. William Sally, 
of Columbia, S. C., and John Milledge 
and Richard Milledge, both of Deca- 
tur, Ga. 


LONG PRISON TERMS 
GIVEN MAIL BANDITS 


Speaking of the swift retribution of 


the law, Louis A. Johnson, inspector 


in charge of the Atlanta postoffice, 
tells of the fate that-overtook four of 
the mail bandits who gave the govern- 
ent so much concern recently and 
caused the stationing of marines in all 
mail cars. 

Mr. Johnson says he has word from 
Toledo, Ohio, of the arrest and convic- 
tion of three men and a woman impli- 
eated ina hold-up of government 
mail. Of the three men, George L. 
Rogers wasg iven a sentence of 67 
years in prison; Charles Schultz, 46 
years, and James Sansone, 37 years. 
The woman implicated, Pearl Som- 
mers, was given a sentence of four 
years and four days.. 

The mail bandits are thought to be 
members of the syndicate broken up in 
New York city recently by the gov- 
ernment. The heavy sentences im- 
posed, says Mr, Johnson, were given as 
an example to all who might attempt 
to tamper with government delivery of 
the mail. 


JAKE GOLDBERG GIVEN 
FINE AND SENTENCE 


Judge Andrew Calhoun, of the city 
court, Wednesday imposed a fine of 
$000 and a sentence of twelve months 
on Jake Goldberg, convicted on a 
charge of giving a deed to property for 
which a deed already had been given. 
The charge grew out of a trade of 
an automobile. 


3 : gen = * rh oh 4 Fs ee 
7 1 er Se 2 e 
; fae 7 r eS, BS en. diay ö A 2 bei a? was Saal 
„ 3 me; 
> Je Pe Nie. Pee Be 1 5 =o q 1 
‘ N we ; , * es 
eRe 1 ¢ 4 91 


Vi Meet Lad Wilson Foundation 


7 0 8 oe. 
fessional women here with a medium | Serien: Elizabeth Mather, Mra. L. X. 


| Wilson ; North Avenue Presbyterian 


| Witches’ club. with a committee of 


=" wa 


. 3 } „ 
. + Sabo 2 A. Fe ca 2 Se a 
e * us 3 
W i 5 * A 4 2 79 
N 2 * 
3 1 i 
“ 
. 


n 


a . 2 = 


anes 
Pre. 
ae 
oe 
1 7 


9 * 


„ ey 5 
r 
R 


7 e eee 
8 


— * 9 

ol r * 

r * „ ä 
1 2 * 


. ead * * * W 
Wes ae 2 * oa 
* 


* — ü 
n 
n . 
3 Oy, he 
: ex > a | f ye eee 
= 


. perfected to make the 
day a fruitful one, for no man in 
history has done. more for the safety, 
happiness and ce of children than 
has he whom they will help to honor 
on Saturday. For this reason the 
children of Atlanta are urged on Sat- 
urday to make a generous contribu- 
tion to the Woodrow Wilson Founda- 
tion fund. Each child making a con- 
tribution will give the name and the 
name of his or her school. Each 
school represented with a creditable 
subscription on this day will be given 
a certificate which can be framed to 
hang in the auditorium of the school 
building. ; 

Private schools which have signified 
their interest and will make contribu- 
tions are Emory university, Mrs. W. 
F. Melton, chairman; Georgia Tech, 
R. C. Beatty; Oglethorpe university, 
Mrs. H. M. Nicholls; Washington 
seminary and Woodberry’s, Mrs. J. K. 


Stallings; Agnes Scott, Mrs. Engene 


school, Mrs. Edward Lyle; Cox col 
Mrs. Dan Lyle and Mrs. R. 
Aderhold. : 

Mrs. R. F. MeCormack, president of 
the Parent-Teacher council, is general 
chairman of Children’s day Saturday 
and will have assisting her a large 
committee of leaders in the parent- 
teacher organizations. 

For the convenience of the children 
and parents, there will be three sta- 
tions in town to receive the children's 
offerings. The booths will open at 
10 and will remain open until 4 
o'clock. 

At central headquarters. Piedmont 
hotel, Mrs. McCormack will have as- 
sisting her from 1 until 4. Mrs. F. I. 
McDonald, Mrs. Care Dicks. Mrs. 
Bryan Matthews, Mrs. S. H. McClure. 

At the Howard theater on Satur- 
day morning at the children’s mati- 
nee. from 9:30 until 12. will be Mrs. 
McCormack, Mrs. John T. Thompson, 
Mrs. D. S. Wise, Mrs. Dan Goetter. 
At Provano’s drug store, corner Lee 
and Gordon streets, West End. from 
10 to 4, will be Mrs. D. M. Therrell. 
Mrs. R. E. Tolbert, Mrs. Paul Beavers, 
Mrs. A. L. Smith. 


AMERICAN SAVINGS 
BANK OFFICIALS 
ARE RE-ELECTED 


At the annual meeting of the board 
of directors of the American Savings 
bank, at the bank building on the cor- 
ner of Broad and Alabama streets at 
4:30 o’clock Wednesday afternoon, the 
officers of the institution for the past 
year were re-elected. 

The re-elected officers are as fol- 


lows: J. G. St. Amand, president; 


Robert M. Clayton, vice president, and 


Peter F. Clarke, cashier. 

On January 12, the stockholders 
held their annual meeting and elected | 
a board of directors, consisting of sev- 
en members. The members are J. C. 
St. Amand, Robert M. Clayton. E. W. 
Butler, William A. Simpson, William 
M. Francis, Isaac A. Haas and Peter 
F. Clarke. 

At the meeting of January 12 a 7 
per cent dividend was declared for the 
year past, payable quarterly, on the 
capital stock of $200,000. Surplus and 
undivided profits accounts of the bank 
amount to $250,000, 

‘A very successful year was reported 
by Mr. St. Amand at the meeting 
Wednesday, comparing, as he said, fa- 
vorably with other years. The present 
officers of the bank have been in of- 
fice for a period of ten years, 


GIDEONS IN CHARGE 
AT NEGRO Y. M. c. A. 


The colored Y. M. C. A. will stage 
a unique program Sunday afternoon 
at 3:30 o’clock. The “Gideons”’ of 
the city will have charge of the en- 
tire program and a number of promi- 
nent speakers of Atlanta and Chicago 
will address this audience. 

On Friday night of this week 
Morehouse college and Tuskegee insti- 
tute will meet in their first basket- 
ball game of the season. Saturday 
afternoon the Tuskegee team and At- 
lanta university will meet in the same 
“gym” at 3 o’clock. 


KNIGHT PRAISES 
WOODROW WILSON 


Continued from First Page. 


Piedmont hotel, which is open from | 
a. m. to 4 p. m.; by sending to 
The Atlanta Constituiton or to R. 8. 
Clay, treasurer of the fund, at the 
Fulton National bank, Atlanta. 

In completing the campaign or- 
ganization of the fifth district, Mrs. 
T. T. Stevens has named Mrs. Joseph 
Hubbard, Mrs. L. V. Donehoo and 
T. P. McGee, chairmen at Hast Point: 
Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Aderhold. chair- 
men, at College Park; Mrs. Eugene 
Wilson, Decatur; Mrs. Virlyn Moore, 
Bolton; Mrs. George H. Keeler, Mari- 
etta. Those desiring to make con- 
tributions in these sections should 
make them through the above people. 
Commitee chairmen also will be ap- 
pointed soon for the following towns: 
Douglasville, Conyers, Stone Moun- 
tain, Lithonia and Fairburn. 


Witches in Charge 
Mrs. J. M. White, president of the 


her choice will have charge of the 
subscription booth at the Piedmont 
hotel Thursday. from 10 a. m. till 

p. m. 

The services of the women in local 
campaign are given gratis, and no so- 
licitations are being made in obtain 
ing Atlanta's quota. The money 
will be used in raising a fund which 
will be used in giving awards to the 
individual or grouq of individuals who 
have within a specified time accom- 
plished distinguished service in mak- 
ing the world a better place to live 
in by work towards eliminating war 
and class or religious hatred by aid- 
ing peace through justice and the 


WORK ANI 
IOUSEWORK TOO 


ised to Find Her- 
Feeling So Well 


sunton, Mask. — I used to have 
back and legs so badly, 
with other trou- 
ables that women 


11 

14 

1 3 
1 
* f P 

. 1 


D. 
' in ai) 
oe gs 2 


ſuſi 


sometimes have, 


SET OF TEETH 
— CT 


; 
' 


' 
1 


| Note Our LOW PRICES! 


1 


Set of 


Teeth . $ 1 0 

Work. 58 

Gold 

oo $4 

No Long Waits 

Lady Attendant 
R 


able us to give you 
these advantages. 


Dr. E. G. Griffin 
Dentist 


TUNIT TT 
Examination Free 


diuis City Dental Rooms 


63% Whitehall St. . 27 2 


Cut this ad out and bring it 
with you 


Come to 
Dr. Griffin 
for Tooth 
Comfort, Ex- 
pert Work and 
prices that are 
RIGHT. 


Volume of business 
and small profits en- 


Here is your OPPOR- 


development of good will among the 
peoples of the world. 

None of the money donated to the 
fund will be used in meeting the cam- 
paign expenses which will he defrayed 
by a group of admirers of Woodrow 
Wilson. 

Saturday will be set aside in At- 
lanta as “Children’s Day,” said Mrs. 

T. Stevens Wednesday, and nu- 
merous booths will be established 
throughout the city in order that each 
and every child may contribute to- 
wards Atlanta's quota. 

Several local schools have already 
begun to assist in the foundation 
campaign. At the Emory univers- 
ity chapel exercises Wednesday morn- 
ing, Dr. Harvey Warren Cox spoke in 
praise of the movement, and a con- 
tribution was taken up. Emory 
students Wednesday afternoon secur- 
ed about 100 subseription blanks from 
headquarters at the Piedmont hotel. 

813 in Subseriptions 
Leon M. Savell a member of At- 
lanta Post, No. 1, American Legion, 
turned over to the local committee 
Wednesday $13, which he desired to 
go as the gift of the American Leg- 
ion. He received the funds from 
employees of the Southern Enterprise 
169 Peachtree street, where he works. 
Many of the contributors wére ex-ser- 
vice men, | 

Captain T. B. Brady, civil war vet- 
eran, formerly of Atlanta, sent The 
Constitution Wednesday $10 from his 
home, Box 1727, Los Angeles, Calif. 
“I have never had an opportunity,” 
he said in his letter,” to contribute to 
a fund that has afforded me more 
pleasure than this—to assist in per- 
petuating the name of Woodrow Wil- 
son, Greatness Unexcelled.“ 

Three other donations were _re- 
ceived through The Constitution Wed- 
nesday. E. Y. Derr, of East Lake, 
Decatur, Ga.; Miss Grace Leavens | 
Martin, of College Park, and Miss 
Helen B. Leavens, of College Park, 
sent one dollar apicce. 

One donation came as a complete 
surprise to Mrs. T. T. Stevens Wed- 
nesday. The donation of one dollar, 
which was from Miss Lily Reynolds, 
of Moreland, was inclosed in the fol- 
lowing letter: With delight and 
thanksgiving for this movement and 
for this dollar to give to it, and with 
all good wishes for the success of the 
matter, sincerely yours,” 


Contributions Wednesday. 

Contributors and amounts Wednes- 

day follow: 
‘ Dr. ae oe Knight, $100; 
van E. en, >; Captain P. 
Brady, Mr. and Mrs. 2 1. Wilson 
each, $10; Mrs. T. M. Clarke, Mrs. 
Lowry Arnold, Mrs. A. H. Bancker. 
Dr. C. W. Strickler, Julian Clayton, 
E. F. Huff, Miss Julia Hammond, 
Mrs. Frank C. Block; John 8. Cohen, 
and G. W. Harrison, Jr., $5 each. 

H. F. Kincey, $3; a friend, $2.50 ; 
Mrs. Marcus W. Beck, Miss Carrie 
Gallant, W. T. Perkerson, Dr. and 
Mrs. D. M. Houk, Miss Ludie Simp- 
son, Samuel Greety, and Miss Louise 
Lane, $2 each. 

Miss Lily Reynolds, Mrs. J. M. 
Alexander, Mrs. Solomon, Mrs. A. R. 
Colcord, Samuel Clements Little, 
Thomas H. Bishop, C. M. Jay, Miss 
Irene Holloway, Mrs. Mary E. Ham- 
ilton, Miss Mabel Robson, P. A. 
Shipp, J. S. Garner, Mrs. R. S. Lytle, 
. H. Knox, Professor Comer C. 
Baker, Miss Frances Hemrick, Miss 
Beuna Whitfield, Miss Flora Turner, 
Mr. and Mrs. Truman L. Burt, C. M. 
Montgomery, Leon M. Savell, A. 8. 
Grist, A. M. Holtz, H. L. Robinson, 
George Hollingsworth, John R. Simp- 
son, M. S. Hill, Miss Jessie Woodall, 
L. G. Mann, Mrs. J. M. Ray, E. X. 
Derr, Miss Grace Leavens Martin, 
Miss Helen B. Leavens, Mrs. B. W. 
Reynolds, Mrs. C. E. Reagan, Rev. 
J. H. Brand, J. W. Autry, J. C. 
Oglesby, James R. Gray, Mrs. Wil- 
liam Cole Jones, Ralph Newton, E. 
istes Doremus, Bradford Byrd. Mrs. 
Mary Van Lesvis, and H. L. 
Bridges, $1 each. 

“A friend” sent $2.50, and two 
“friends” donated $1 each: Willie P. 
Periness and Miss Ella L. Gray gave 
50c each. 

House Gives $500. 


Austin, Texas, January 18.—Five 
hundred dollars to be given to the 
Woodrow Wilson foundation fund has 
been received from Colonel E. NI. 
House at Washington by officials of 
the drive here. Colonel House, for- 
merly of Austin, requested that his 
donation come from his “home town 
of Austin.” 

Former Attorney-General T. W. 
Gregory, who officially opened the 
drive for the foundation fund here 
last night, also has donated $250 to- 
ward the fund. 


SAGE TEA BEAUTIFIES 


AND DARKENS HAIR 


Don’t Stay Gray! Sage Tea 
and Sulphur Darkens Hair 
So Naturally That Nobody 
Can Tell. 


You can turn gray, faded hair beau- 
tifully dark and lustrous almost over 
night if you'll get a bottle of 
“Wyeth’s Sage and Sulphur Com- 
pound” at any drug store. Millions 
of bottles of this old famous Sage Tea 

pe, improved by the addition of 
other ingredients, are sold annually, 
says a well-known druggist here, be- 
cause it darkens the hair so naturally 
and evenly that no one can tell it 
has been applied. 

Those whose hair is turning gray or 
becoming faded have a surprise await- 
ing them, because after one or two 
applications the gray hair vanishes 

your locks become luxuriantly 
ac tog he ng SS 
8 age yout 5 
haired, unattractive folks aren't 
wanted 


ö 4 
a Lie > : . fe 
9 9 * . “3 oe 37 

8 “ iran. 2) ae: 9 N. re 
pa es jo EEO OF EERE. 7 igs 


42 * 2 . 4 
= 2 e 


j ae. 5m 

FOR eR Oe alt eee. : 

8 wee’ r 1 928 See 2 r 
nie DP ty | 4s Pe Seals 8 &» - 2. . 


‘ ’ . n NR ‘ J * ae ares. —_ Mo M ; 4 
n e ee e e RRR e ee ee e e r . Di e e eee ee ee ARTES eee eee OEE eee 


a * . en 
¥. J at 2 22 ¥ 
EPA ON STA 
1 — * 


. Monee: a 
5 2 3 


te ag ot ay n „ 2 


* 
9 — 
. 


„ ea 
out Py ie 8 


me ae ee ee 5 F 
3 5 ot ee * 
4 * 
>. 89 = 
ö * — ee 
7 


2 
„ * — 32 8 — n 2 * 
5 ay ce” 2 * xe we 
a N 3 
es — 9 
O0 | 1 : 
g f 
: 
— — 


HEAVY INCREASES 
IN GRAIN EXPORTS 


Advance of More Than 
700 Per Cent in Corn 
Shipment Shown Over 
1920, Says Report. 


i 


BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. 

Washington, January 18.— vy 
increases in exports of grain during 
1921 as compared with 1920, includ- 
ing an advance of more than 700 per 
cent in corn shipments was announced 
today by the commerce department. 
Exports of corn aggregated 129,000, 
6000 bushels valued at $93,000,000, 
compared with 138,000,000 bushels 
worth $26,000,000 in 1920. 

Exports of wheat for 1921 aggre- 
gated 280,000,000 bushels valued at 
$433,000,000 compared with 218, 
600,000 bushels worth $597,000,000 
in 1920. 

Exports of rice during 1921 aggre- 
gated 600,000,000 pounds valued at 
$21,000,000 compared with” 393,000, 
QUO pounds worth $37,000,000 in 1920. 

Cotton exports for 1921 totalled 6, 
474,000 bales of 3.339.000, 000 pounds 
valued at $534,000,000 as compared 
with 6,159,000 bales of 3,179,000,000 
pounds worth $1,136,000,000 during 
1920. For December the total was 
(40,000,000 bales of 327,000,000 
pounds valued at $62,00,000 as com- 
pared with 789.000.000 pounds worth 
$92,000,000 in December 1920. 

Exports of cotton seed oil during 
1920 aggregated 253,000,000 pounds 
valued at $24,000,000 compared with 
185,000,000 pounds valued at 335, 
000,000 during 1920, while for Decem- 
ber the total was 12,000,000 pounds 
worth $1,000,000 against 41,000,000 
pounds valned at $5,000,000 during 
December, 1920. 


Live Stock. 


Louisville, Ky., January 18.—Cattle re- 
0 „ 200; stow; heavy steers, 56.286 
6. 75; beef stcers, 84. 50% 6.23; heifers, $4.50 
@6.50; cows, 82.006 5.23; feeders, 385.000 
6.00; steckers, 83.00% 5.75. 

Hogs, receipts 900; 500 higher; 250 pounds 
down, $8.50; 250 pounds up, $8.00; throw- 
outs, $6.50 down. 

Sheep, receipts, 50; steady; lambs; $10.00. 


18.—Cattle, receipts, 
better grades 


Chicago, January 
10,000; beef steers uneven; 
fully steady; spots higher; others slow; 
mostly weak to 15c lower; $8.60; 
weight, 1,392 pounds; bulk beef steers, 
$6.75@7.65; she stock steady to 15¢ lower, 
bulk fat she stock, $3.35@5.50; bulls, stock- 
ers and feeders closing weak; calves mostly 
250 higher; bulk vealers, $9.00@9.50. 

Hogs, receipis, 7,000; mostly steady with 
Tuesday’s average; with some early 10@15c 
higher; close lights weak; others steady; 
holdover moderate; top, $8.75; early; very 
few over $8.50; bulk 3$7.75@8.25; pigs slow 
10@15c lower; desirable grades mostly 
$8.25@8.50; few $8.60. 

Sheep, receipts, 18,000; fat lambs closing 
strong to 10e higher; others steady; fat 
lambs, top $13.10; bulk $12.50@13.00 fat 
ewes, top $7.50; fceder lambs, $11.50@ 

25; shearers, $12.50, some held higher. 


top, 


East St. Louis, January 18.—Cattle, re- 
ceipts, 4,000; generally steady on beef steers; 
yearlings, she stock and stockers, good; 
handyweight steers, $8.00 top; bulk beef 
steérs, $6,.00@7.00; bulls strong, 25c high- 
er; veal calves, 250 to 50c up; bulk veal- 
ers, $10.50; practical top 510.50. 

gs, receipts, 12,000; closing weak, 15 
to 250 lower than early on a mill rate ses- 
sion; market generally steady; top 36.50; 
bulk lights and lightweights, $8.15@8.50; 
bulk medium and heavy weights, $7.90@ 
8.25; none over 300 unds; packer sows 
strong to higher, $6.00@6.50; pigs scarce; 
bulk desirables, $7.75@8.25; clearance poor. 

Sheep, receipts, 1,500; closing active; 
best lambs, 25c higher; spots up more; oth- 
ers and sheep steady; lambs, top $12.85; 
seven decks at this figure; bulk best lambs 
sold. to shippers, $12.65@ 12.85; culls and 
common went $8,50@9.50; medium and heavy 
ewes, $5.50@6G.00; clearance good. 


Sugar. 


New York, January 18.—The raw .sugar 
market was firmer and prices were higher 
today. There were sales of 63,000 bags of 
Cubas to operators for January-February 
shipment at 1.90 f. o. b. Cuba, equal to 
about a cost and freight price of 2 1-32 c, or 
8.64 for centrifugal; 19,000 bags to opera- 
tors for a Canadian refiner at the same 
price, and at the close it was rumored that 
operators had paid 2 1-16c, cost and freight 
for Cubas, or 3.67 for centrifugal. 

Trading in raw sugar futures was less 
active today and prices were easier .owing 
to the appearance of few January ,motices, 
which caused near-month liquidation, with 
final prices 1 to 7 points net lower. March 
closed at 2.24 May 2.45, July 2.65 and 
September 2.78. 

There was little better inquiry for re- 
fined sugar, although there was no change 
in quotations, with fine granulated listed 
at 4.80 to 4.90. 

There were no transactions in refined fu- 
tures and closing prices were net unchanged. 
March closed at 5.20, May 5.40 and July 


5.60 

Rice. 

January 18.— Rough rice 
nominal; no sales; receipts, 3,541 sacks; 
millers’ receipts same. 

Clean rice steady; sales reported, 24 pock- 
ets Honduras at 6@6'%; 312 pockets Japan 
at 4%; 2,258 pockets Blue Rose at 3%@ 
4 5-16; receipts, 3,073 pockets. 

Bran and polish unchanged. 


Coffee. 


New York, January 18.—The market for 
coffee futures whs very quiet again today 
with fluctuations narrow and irregular. The 
opening was unchanged to 2 points higher on 
scattered covering, and the market held 
fairly steady during the day on firmer late 
cables from Rio, with March advancing to 
8.46 and closing at that level. January 
was normally 3 points lower at the close, 
with other months 1 to 5 points higher, 
Sales were estimated at about 8,000 bags. 
January, 8.35; March, 8.45; May, 8.32; July, 
8.24; September, 8.24; October, 8.23; De- 
cember, 8.21. 

Spot coffee dull and nominally unchanged 
at 9 to 9% for Rio 7s, end 12 to 2% for 
Santos 4s. ost and freight offer included 
Santos 3s and Ss at 11.50 to 11.60; Rio 7s 
at 8.23 to 8.40, and Victoria 8s plus 20 at 
8.00, American credits. 4 

The official cables reported an advance 
of 50 reis in the dollar buying rate, with 
no change in the rate on London. Santos 
was 75 to 15 reis lower. The early cables 
quoted Rio 75 reis higher to 75 reis lower, 
but later cables were unchanged to 100 
reis higher. Brazilian port receipts, 43,000; 
Jundiahy, 22,000. Rio cleared 7,500 for 
New York; Santos cleared 14,000 for the 
United States. 


Dry Goods. 


New York, January 18.—Today brought 
only a moderate business in flannelettes 
for fall, but fall ginghams sold well. Fine 
count percales will be revised moderately in 
a few days. Dress goods quickened for 
spot delivery. Raw silk was unsettled, Bur- 
laps and knit goods were quiet; men's wear 
openings are expected next week. 


Liverpool Cotton. 


Liverpool, January 18.—Cotton, spot lim- 
ited demand; prices barely steady. Good 
middling, 10.98; fully middling, 10.23; 

middling, 9.13; 2 ordinary, 7.58; ordinary, 
6.83. Eales, , 5,000 


24,200 American. 

steady; January, 10.25; March, 10.20; May, 
10.14; July, 10.90; October, 9.71; December, 
9.55. 


Cotton Seed Ojl. 


New York, January 18.—Cotton seed oil 
was higher through Age | by locals and 
western interests on the fi action of hog 
products and tightness of crnde oil at the 
south. esing bids were 6 to 10 points net 
higher. Sales, 8,400 barreis. ime crude 
7.85 7.25 8.50; 


.25; prime summer yellow spot, 
— 8.75; May 8.98; July 9.24, ai! bid. 


Warning Issued. 


Ottawa, Ont., Janu 18.—Warn- 
ing investors not to pu Canadian 
securities owned in Germany before 
the ratification of peace and now be- 
ing offered in the Dominion and the 
United States at reduced prices, was 

by Secretary of State 
as 


New Orleans, 


Of Local Markets 


Wednesday > * 445421. 7.8380, 70 
Same day last xeae rr Holt 
Same day last week 6.028, 754.83 
Same day 1920 eeereee eee „„ „ „6%%h 14,080, 743.38 


ATLANTA QUUTATIONS : 
SPOT COTTON MARKET 
ATLANTA “MIDDLING See 17.35 
— bales te eee a ee 1.106 
Stock, bales —— OU1OS 


ATLANTA QUOTATIONS | 
COTTON SEED PRODUCTS 
(Atlanta Cotton Seed Products Market. 
Basis Atlanta,) 


oll, basis prime tank .. 7.00@ 7.05 
k 7 pet. ammonia, 


Crude 
C. 0 


C. S. meal, Ga. com. pt. 
ots este Seeree eeeee .33.50@36.00 


. 8. 

Linters, ist cut, high 
grade. lots _ eee eeeenveeeeeee 

Linters, clean mill run, bigh- 
grade lots . 

Linters, secon 
grade lots 


01% @.02% 


Local Produce Market | 


Following are prices quoted by wholesalers 
to retaliers. Corrected resulariy by State 
Bureau of Markets, State Capitol. Atlanta, 


Georgia: 
DAIRY PRODUCTS AND POULTRY. 


Eggs, fresh, candled, per dozen . $0.50 
Fricrs, live, per pound 2 
Hens, live, per bound 9 ＋3*rꝛ * 2 
Roosters, live, per bound 554 „4 „4 „4 6„„4„ 
Ducks, live, per pound eeeeessee 
Geese, live, per pound 
Turkeys, live, per pound 
Cheese, full cream, per pound ...-. 
Butter, creamery, 4s 5652 „„ „ „„ 66606 
Butter. e 
Uutter. 


Corn meal, 068 . 
Flour, 24s, per bbi. eeeresereeteres 
Flour, 488, per bbl. „„ „% „%% „%% 6% %% eee „„ „4%. 
Fiou, seit rising 

Sugar, granulated, ct. 
Coffee, No. 7 Rio. parched, per 
Half ribs, per Ib. ease 
Rib bellies, 23-30 average, per lb. 
Pure lard, tubs, per pound 
Compound lard, tubs, per Ib. 


5 „ „ „ „ „ „ 
. per ib 


VEGETASLES. 


Cabbage, ewt. 62552554 „6 „6„6 „ 3 
Unions, yellow, ewt. 
Sweet potatoes „ 6% „ „ „ „ „ „ 6606 6 „% 
Irish potatoes, per 150-Ib. sack .... 
Oranges, Florida, per erate 
Tomatoes, per G-basket crate 


Serge 
S8 SS 88 


CTEEDSTU FTS. 

Mixed stock feed, per ton ...$37@ 
Uats, No. 3, per busen 
Corn, No. 1, per busel 
Hay, No. 1 timothy, ber ton 
Hay, No. @ alfalfa, per ton 
Shorts, gray. Per ton 
Shorts, wn, per ton 
Red Dog, per ton 
Bran, per ton 
peanut seed meal, 20 pet. protein .. 
Velvet bean reed meal, per ton .... 
Chicken feed, sacked, cwt...$2.05@ 
Alfalfa meal, per ton 

Cotton seed meal, 7 pet., per ton 
Cotton seed hulis, per ton ee 
Dried beet pulp, per ton one 


ATLANTA LIVE STOCK MARKET. 
(Corrected by W. H. White, Jr., President 
White Provision Co.) 5 

Good to choice steers, 850-1000. 
Good steers, 750-850 5.50 
Medium to good steers, 750-850... 4. 
Good to choice beef cows, 750-850. 4. 
Medium to good cows, 650-750... . 3. 
Good to choice heifers, 550-650. 4.00@4. 

The above represents the ruling prices on 
good quality fed cattle. Inferior grades 
and aaley types quoted below: 
Medium to good steers, 700-800. .$4.00@5.00 
Medium to good cows, 600-700... .3.00@4.00 
Mixed common cattle 
Good butcher bulls 
Ceoce veal calves ... 
Yearlings 
Prime hoga, 
Light hogs, 
Heavy pigs, 
Light pigs, 


8 
28 


Seeger 
SS 88888888 


Qty 


3 


8881 
8888 


80-100 


ATLANTA PROVISION MARKET, 


(Corrected by White Provision Co.) 
Cornfield hams, 10-12 22 
Cornfleld hams, 12-14 „0000 
Cornfield skinned hams, 16-18 .. 

Curnfield picnic hams, 6-8 

Cornfield breakfast bacon, wide or 


tierce basis 


Grandmothers lard, 
tierce basis 


Country Style lard, 
D. S. extra ribs 
D. S. bellies, light average 

D. S. bellies, medium average 


Armour & Co. Repoft. 


Chicago, January 18.— Armour & 
Co. lost 831,709, 817.52 last year, ac- 
cording to the annual report, read to 
the stockholders today by J. Ogden 
Armour. 

The net income in 1920 was $5.- 
319,975.44, equalling 2.4 per cent on 
the net capital investment. 

During 1921 total sales were ap- 
proximately 600,000,000, cs com- 
pared to $900,000,000 in 1920. The 
tonnage output in 1921, however, was 
only 7 per cent less than in 1920, 
the largest part of the $300,000,000 
decrease being attributed to lower 
prices. 

Dividends on the preferred stock 


and on the common were paid from 
the surplus, which still contains $65,- 


U 


Country Produce. 


St. Louls, January 18.—Poultry, springs, 
23: ducks, 24; others unchanged. Eggs, 3244; 
butter unchanged. 

New York, January 18.—Butter unsettled; 
creamery higher than extras, 37 638; 
creamery extras, 36144@37. 

Eggs, firm; fresh gathered extra firsts, 
39G@40: fresh gathered firsts 36@38; re- 
frigerator firsts, 26@27. 

Cheese irregular; average run 20@20%. 
Live poultry firm: chickens, 21@24. Dressed 


32; gurkeys, 49@ 55. 


Chicago, January 18.—Poultry, alive nies 
er: fowls, 23; springs, 21%; roosters, 17. 
Butter lower; creamery extras, 32%4; firsts, 
20614@31%; standards, 29%. 

Eggs unsettled; firsts, 34; refrigerator 
firsts, 21@24. 


ACTUAL BALE 
WEIGHT FIGURES 
SENT TO SENATE 


_ Washington, January 18.—Btatis- 
tics showing the actual bale weight 


of cotton ginned during the last sea- 
son were transmitted today to the 
senate by Secretary Hoover in re- 
sponse to a resolution by Senator 
Smith, democrat, South Carolina, 
adopted last December. 

Of about 20,000 ginneries, reports 
were secured by the census bureau 
from 6,251, but only 1,338 ginneries 
gave actual bale weights. ‘The latter 
reported ginning of 689.222 bales dur- 
ing the iod from August 1 to De- 
cember i 
weight of 496.3 pounds. 

“The reports indicate,” said Senator 
Smith, “that the actual ginning was 
250,000 bales less than that reported 
officially er the bale weight esti- 
mating system in vogue.“ 

Senator Smith desired the report, 
which was referred to the senate agri- 
cultural. committee, to obtain more 
definite information regarding bale 
weights than has been available under 
the census 


* 


52 5 1 
2 * 2 
* N * 5 
8 er A: Mh PRE Sos . 
ra ae Gos ST Drie Seto eae: 
* Sy 2 2 
3 25 e Lee. eh > 
75 7 
Ds „ ; 8 
1 * ; Z 


2.00% 3.00 


weak: western chickens, 286 36; fowls, 1 


ast, with an average ania 


1 


* 


| 


UPWARD TENDENCY 
IN GRAIN PRICES 


Chicago, January 18.— Wheat prices 
showed an upward tendency today, 
chiefly as a result of prospective bet- 
ter European demand, together with 
talk of green bugs in Texas, Oklahoma 
and Kansas. The market closed un- 
settled at the same as yesterday’s fin- 


to $1.12 3-8 and July at 1.00 3-8 to 
$1.00 1-2. Corn gained 1-Se to 1-8 
to 1-4c; oats finished unchanged to 
1-4c up, and provisions at 2 1-2e¢ de- 
cline to a like advance. 

Wheat averaged higher throughout 
the day, except for a brief period 
shortly after the opening. The main 
influence was that a liberal quantity 
of wheat on ocean passage and other 
amounts available for deferred ship- 
ment was said to be changing hands, 
Gossip was also current that Germany 


After Break in Rally, 
Cotton Closes atAdvance. - 


ish to 1-2e higher, with May $1.12 14 


March Closed 17.64 With 
April Twenty Points Net 
Higher, January at De- 
cline of Seven. 


1 


RANGE IN NEW YORE COTTON. 


| 

Open High|Low Close 
88 17.66 
17.53/17. 7. 46 17.664 11 


et. 20 
eie 
. 16.20 16.35 16. 10 16. 


Closed very steady. 
RANGE IN NEW ORLEANS COTTON. 


ſopen un Love Close 
* 1441875 10.6 16. 60 
10.54 16. 75 16.584 18.64 
eae . 16. 4816.69 16.48 16. 5 
1 4 16.20 10.87 16.18 16.26 
3 15.57 15.67 15.001651 


Closed steady. 


eeeer 


New York, January 18.—(Specital.)}—The 
following were the * quotations on the 
American Cotton and Grain Exchange, Inc., 
Wednesday: in Prev 

pen. 


and Portugal were acquiring consider- 
able wheat, most of it, however, from | 
Argentina. 

Reports of the presence of green bugs 
in the southwest attracted fair atten- 
tion, but the effect of the news was 
lessened by assertions that it was too 
early for damage to develop. Notice 
that a bill had been introduced in 
congress proposing to fix a minimum 
price of $1.50 a bushel for wheat was 
received, but apparently failed to in- 
spire much, if any, buying. 

Corn and oats paralleled the action 
of wheat. Exporters were after corn 
and took 250,000, bushels here. 


High. Low. Cl 
17.70 17.50 
17.60 

17.33 

16.78 

16.22 


eee 
Mar. 
May 
July 
Oet. 


New York, Jan. 18.— Reports of a 
better spot demand led to rallies in 
the cotton market during today’s 
early trading, but seattered southern 
selling was encountered around 17.65 
for March and the price broke to 17.46 
during the middle of the day. Later 
trading was very quiet, but the mar- 
ket held fairly steady, with March 
closing at 17.64 compared with 17.66 
the previous day. The general mar- 


In the provisions market packers 
selling nullified an advance which had 
been caused by an upturn in the value 
of hogs. 


CHICAGO QUOTATIONS. | 
The following were the ruling quotations 


Wednesday: Prey. 
Open. High. Low. Close. Close. 


WHEAT— 
ay 1.11. 1.13 1.11% 1.12% 1.11% 


1.01% 1.00 ½% 1.00% 1.00% 
AR% 83 
— 54% 


38% 
39 6 


3314 
5476 


38 5. 
3995 


16.10 
16.25 


9.42 
9.62 


8.57 


83 

5456 
8834 
39% 


Cask Grain. 


St. Louis, Jaruary 18.— Wheat, No. 
51.23 ½ % 1.25 No. 3, 1.170 1.23 May, 
31.18 ½ Cr 1.18%. Corn, No. 2 white, 47%@ 
47%; May, 52; July, 53%. Oats, No. 2 
white, 37; May, 39%. ad 


Chicago, January 18.—Wheat, No 2 hard, 
$1.11; No. 1 northern, $1.30. orn, No. 2 
48 ½ f 40: No, 2 yellow, 48 ½ 6 40. 

Oata, No 2 White, 371 0638; No. 3 white, 
84 33% Rye, No. 3 white, 74. Barley, 
55@62. Timothy seed, $5.00@7.00. Clover 
seed, $12.50@19.00. 


Weekly Summary 
Of Textile Markets 


Textile World will say this week: | 

A fair volume of steady, business is be- 
ing done in the finish if division of the 
cotton goods market, but buyers are not as 
yet placing orders freely, considering the 
market as a whole. Print cloths have re- 
market this week, 


acted to easier cotton 
and prices have shaded % to cent 
on many constructions. Mills which are 
well positioned, however, are holding firm 
their asking prices for contracts at the 
same basis prevailing a week or ten days 
ago. Good business has been done through 
April on cotton blankets, prices on which 
were named early this week by one impor- 
tant factor at the same level at which 
lines were opened in April, 1921. Southern 
colored goods have sold relatively well. 
Extreme quiet continues in the export 
market. Inquiries received from a number 
of countries, particularly South America, 
have not resuited in actual orders being 
placed. Appreciable stocks exist in the 


ket closed very steady at a decline 
of seven points on January, but three 
to eight points higher on other months 
except for April, which was 20 points 
net higher. 

The market opened steady at a de- 
cline of 14 points to an advance of 
one point, January being relatively 
weak owing to the circulation of no- 
tices which were estimated at 1,800 
bales. The scattering near month li- 
quidation was pretty well taken right 
after the call, with January selling up 
to 17.75 and May to 17.36 during the 
middle of the morning, or about two 
to fifteen points. net higher. 

Firmer late cables from Liverpool 
and reports that a better spot de- 
mand was developing in some of the 
southern markets were factors on this 
advance, but the effect of the improve- 


the appearance of scattered southern 
selling here on the advance. 

This eased the market off later in 
the morning and the lowest prices of 
the day were reached around mid- 
day with January selling at 17.48, or 
25 points net lower, while later 
months showed net losses of 8 to 10 
points, with May selling at 17.15. 

The January notices were said to be 
still circulating, but trading became 
very quiet at the decline and last pri- 
ces were 12 or 18 points up from the 
lowest on covering. 

Trade interests were credited with 
buying on the 2 * again today, and 
advices received here from New Or- 
leans said that 10,000 bales had been 
sold out of stock there for export te 
Czecho-Slovakia. 

Rumors that private returns show- 
ed a ginning of 140,000 bales for the 
first half of January were denied. 
Port receipts today 16,702, United 
States port stecks 1,257,611. Ex- 
ports today 7,586, making 3,196,382 
so far this season. 


NEW YORK SPOTS. 
New York, January 18.—Spot cot- 
ton quiet; middling 17.95. 


HIGHER PRICES 
AT NEW ORLEANS 


New Orleans, January 18.—More 


Near East, but local sellers feel confident 
that these will be cleaned up and further 
orders placed by the Near East for standard 
sheetings within the next month, 

Men's wear piece goods are quiet, nerv- 
ously awaiting the naming of prices on 
fall lines of heavy weight goods by the 
lehding market factor. Some independent 
lines, particularly overcoatings, have been 
opened by independents, but the market as 
a whole awaits the establishment of a def- 
mite basis on which to operate. General 
opinion is that American Woolen Co. will 
make its first popular opening next week. 
Stock merchandise is moving slowly, but a 
slightly better volume of business is re- 
ported, 

“Some improvement is noted in the dress 
goods market, recent spurts of buying of a 
few fabrics having given a better tone to 
the market. Developments in the garment 
strike situation, which is holding up the 
spring season on garments and on dress 
goods, have been principally legal techni- 
calities, but it is confidently expected by 
those who know the garment trades well 
that a settlement of the strike will be ef- 
fected in the near future on a basis more 
satisfactory to the strikers and to their em- 
ployers. 

Business of a rouine nature prevails in 
the silk piece goods market. Prices are 
firm, but it is feared that the jobbers will 
be 41 from placing volume orders 
by the high prices now prevailing on certain 
lines. Crepes are giving promise of devel- 
oping into active sellers for spring. 

“The ribbon is practically dormant. What 
little is takng place, however, is well dis- 
tributed and the trade is confidently certain 
that business will assume wider proportions 
as soon as buyers enter the market. Prices 
in a number of instances have been advanced 
about 15 per cent. 

Active buying is taking place on heather 
hosiery for fall, but outside of this class 
of goods the hosiery market is inactive. 
With a large number of operators in the 
market business should ‘ome more active 
within the next two weeks. Advances of 
from 50 cents to $1.50 have been made 


on certain lines of seamless hosiery. 

“The underwear market is featured by 
the general opening of fall, 1922, lines. 
Prices generally are $10. for 
the 16-pound cotton ribbed suit. This ap- 
pears to be the price at which the jobber 
desires to operate. 
ness has been booked in the 
lines “have been open. 


COTTON STATEMENT 


Port Movement. 
New Orleans: Middling, 16.50: receipts, 
aan — 100; sales, 38,727: stock, 


Middling, 17.30; receipts 8, 
490: sales, 314: stock, 346,214. 
Mobile: Middlin , 16.25; receipts, 152; 


sales, 115; stock, 17,318. 
17.13; receipts, 893; 


Savannah: Middling, 
sales, 38; stock 15,378. 
Charleston: Receipts; 586; stock, 108,937. 
Wilmington: Middling. 16.75; receipts, 
receipts, 167; stock, 40,625. 
as City: Stock, 13,270. 
Middling, 17.00; receipts 900; 
; sales, 404; 139,061. 
Stock, 2,311. 
: Middimg. 18.05; receipts, 664; 
stock, 5,100. 
Philadelphia: Receipts, 12: exports. 30; 
Middling, 17.95; exports, 501; 
Receipts, 4,806; exports, 


Hoc ipts, 16,702: exports, 
060 


short time 


Galveston: 


for 


ports, 71,743. 
Total for season: Receipts, 3,796,468; ex- 


35. 
Middling, 17.50: 3 
sales, 186; stock, — 


A fair volume of busi- 


activity in the spot department gave 
the cotton market a very steady tone 
today and put prices up for small 
gains. Trading seemed to be restrict- 
ed by the nearness of the last of the. 
semi-monthly ginning reports of the 
season. From declines of 2 to 8 
points on the opening, there was a rise 
to levels 7 to 15 points higher than 
the close of yesterday, the market 
finally closing net unchanged to 4 
points up. After trading down to 
16.54, March rose to 16.75 and closed 
at 16.64. 

The early deelines were due to poor 
cables, but a better demand for con- 
tracts was almost immediately met as 
the result of reports of a considerable 
quantity of cotton being sold after 
hours yesterday in the spot market 
here, points in Texas wired in telling 
of an improved inquiry at a higher 
basis, especially for the lower grades, 
and interest in the spot situation was 
further heightened by news of the 
forward sale to Czecho-Slovakia of 
10,000 bales by a local spot concern. 

Price movements were rapid within 
a narrow range, and the market was 
unsettled by private ginning estimates 
which, in the early part of the day, 
were said to indicate an output for 
the last period of 140,000 bales, while 
later on it was said that private re- 
turns indicated only 40,000. In the 


by cablegrams from Bremen to local 
spot people, counting the Bremen 


ashore at only 205,000 bales, against 
415,000 on November 1. 


NEW ORLEANS SPOTS. 
New Orleans, January“ 


5,023; stock, 332, 


PROFESSIONAL VIEWS 
ON COTTON SITUATION 


New York, January 18,—(Special.)—The 
market opened around lest night’s close and 
remained dull and featureless all day with 
little outside business, The trade is 
s quiet, showing little 
buy. v cables are 
or less bearish sentiment, feeling 


news must a 
influenced either way. 
HUBB 


White Potatoes. 


’ Ja 
— 5 ° * 
8 „ ee 
＋ ö A 
F 


W 


3 2 
: . 


a» 5 5 A 

4 

at 
3 


ment in the spot news was offset by. 


late trading steadiness was regained - 


stock of American cotton afloat and 


* 


re 
7 


. 


— 


* 


1 Ww 


5 
4 


2 A ta Sires 
- FF 
F 
> Og 
A 


** 


2 be » 2 * 
e N 
; = ome : gti > = 
: 2 „ ** 


* 
Nn Dae fs 5 
: — — — a 
e N 
. * a ee 3 
ee : „ 
1 ö . 
* N te 
. . 1 


Fae 2 


r Bot > of ce Red Ott i Sie Pano) eee 


* Pare oad : 


” gel 
Yi 8 * be 4 
PRES. p Geeta ae AE ae 


. 1 
r Ss 5 i . 
. a te ee 3 
3 * 2 # 
=, 3 
* 3 1 . > 2 


* n a Oe r 4 
rn rr 
K * * 8 * y ae a at ial ghee 7 


3 
1 
2 
* 
* 


1 ‘eh 4 

annere „* 0 nne 

o ERD GE eo ot eg 
be + 4 pts 


ees r F n 
0 7 aa . a eee : a 58 2 
n <i Ph, v ¥ Ae ee 7 12 
„ * “ i a 7 
A ha a 3 
> 
5 
— * 
* 


a 12 ! 
ay ; 
* $ 


Fh eS on Bee Bes” Foe y 
ef i vy * n 8 ye 1a, i .. ob LPIA “ey * n 
: ’ ee ot , i ae. ee ee, eee . a Hoe 
‘ ; 1 3 aN . 1 : 7 ra 5 eee * 
* ieee e ee ee i 
* ett Ries ee Pe ee, 4, 2 
Ma 


LE AE MOP A REE ENE NE LIP IIL SIME Meike 


va 
3 
3 ‘ * 
2 N — 
* * * 9 
*. . 


* 4 
a, * 


ra 


* | 


i 59 
. 2 a Po eee 


8 
e 
2 1 ; 

pen 


000 ˙Üü a eee 


& 00. MEMBERS NEW 


keep up jobbere’ prices in a report transmitted 


the federal trade commission. 


The three companies, the commission declared in giving the re- 
sults of an investigation ordered under a resolution by Senator Sri! 
democrat, South Carolina, were formerly parts of the “tobacco trust” 
dissolved by the supreme court. The R. J. Reynolds company, the re- 


port said, was not à perty to the alleged conspiracies and ‘was com- 
mended for its opposition. The comm 


ission promised prosecutions 


where the evidences disclose there has been violations of the law. 
There was no conclusive evidence, the commission stated, of col- 
lusion to depress the prices paid growers for 1920 leaf crop. The 
commission added, however, that “it appears that a few large buyers 
had, a dominant position and each purchased only a certain percentge 


of the offerings.” 


“Common buying agencies were used,” the report said with refer- 


ence to the purchase of tobacco, “and secret purchases were made 
through independent dealers while the ultimate purchasers held off the 


market, or practically so.” 


Findings of fact reported by the commission included: 
“That beginning with the spring of 1921, there was a nation-wide 
movement, having for its object the organization of jobbers’ associa- 


tions to fix prices by eliminating price cutting among jobbers. 


This 


movement was fostered and aided principally by the American Tobacco 
company, P. Lorillard company and Liggett and Myers Tobacco com- 
pany, followed by the Tobacco Products Corporation, Bloch Brothers 


Refused to Sell. 
“Certain of these manufacturers, 
in combination with the jobbers, re- 
fused to sell to those jobbers, who cut 


below the prices established by the 


‘jobbers’ associations, This refusal 
grew out of the fact that previous 
to the spring of 1921 competition was 
resulting in a material lowering of 
the prices which jobbers charged to re- 
tailers and, in turn, of the prices 
which retailers charged to consumers, 
which apparently caused the manufac- 
turers to fear that these price reduc- 
tions would mean that the manu- 
facturers would be compelled ulti- 
mately to reduce their own prices. 
“Combinations of jobbers against 
price cuttens were greatly encouraged 
by certain circulars sent to the trade 
by some of the manufacturers named, 
in which each company made clear 
that jobbers were expected not to sell 
at cut —— and that if they did they 
would be cut off from the company’s 
list of customers. There were meet- 
ings held at which the members of 
associations were encouraged by rep- 
resentatives of one or another of the 
manufacturers to keep prices up and 
were assured that the price cutting 
jobbers were being stricken from the 
list of customers to whom the manu- 


facturer would sell. 


“A few cases were found where 
the jobers went so far as to enter 
into a signed agreement with each 
other to maintain prices. Such an 


„ agreement was made by Rhode Island 


— 


jobbers together with certain Massa- 
chusetts jobbers... The commission has 
in its possession the original of this 
agreement signed by eighteen jobbers. 

“Letters in the possession of the 


commission show cases of jobbers be- 


ing actually refused supplies by some 
of these manufacturers in order to 
compel them to cease price cutting.” 

The commission’s report covered to- 


ar bacco trade activities from April to 


© the fact t 


November, 1921. Since last Septem- 
er, the report stated, the jobbers’ agree- 
ments became less effective through 
weakening in the support of the 


‘American Tobacco company, owing to 
the fact that the commission’s field in- 


quiries were on foot. 
Secret rebates were uncovered, the 
report added, stating: 
The 8 incidentally developed 
at during recent years one 
large tobacco manufacturer, the 
American Tobacco company, has given 


| 


Tobacco company, and the Scott Dillon company. 


bonuses or rebates, in round amounts 
ranging from a few hundred dollars 
to several thousands of dollars at a 
time. These payments have usually, 
been made semi-annually and recipi- 
ents have regarded them as secret and 


confiden 
„Large Supply. 

There is at present a large sup- 
ply of leaf tobacco resulting chiefly 
from a decrease in the quantity used 
for domestic products and for export, 
the report declared, adding that prices 
paid to growers for leaf by the court 
successor companies above referred 
to, “show large decreases in 1920 as 
compared with 1919. In this con- 
nection the commission ‘urgently re- 


today to the senate by.|1 


newed’ its recommendations that the 


department of a prohibit com- 
panies from using common buying 
agencies or buying in other than 
their own names. Reviewing organiza- 
tion of growers, the report said that 
the 1922 burley crop would be han- 
dled co-operatively. In the meantime, 
it was said that the prices charged 
by manufacturers remained ‘practical- 
ly constant’ at the high levels attain- 
ed in 1919. 

“At the ‘time of the inquiry the 
1921 burley market was not yet open. 
For that part of the bright southern 
crop of North Carolina and Virginia 
sold in September and October, 1921, 
the prices were somewhat higher than 
for the 1920 crop, though still far 
below the 1919 prices. However, no 
comparison is satisfactory until all 
the crop has been sold. In South 
Carolina prices for the entire 1921 
crop averaged $11, which is about 
the same as the 1913 price in that 
state and about half the 1920 price.” 

The commission said a report on 
profits of tobacco concerns in 1921 
was not yet available, but expressed 
the belief that these profits would 
be larger” than in 
1920 : 


“substantially 

Obstruction was placed by the 
American Tobacco company and the 
Lorillard concern, the report said, in 
the way of withholding full access 
to books and papers. The commis- 
sion also said it was hampered when 
all of the correspondence and minutes 
on prices and discounts of the New 
England tobacco conference were 
“wilfully and designedly destroyed“ a 


few days before the commission’s rep- 


.o favored jobber customers secret resentatives arrived. 


|News, Views 


| lis, “It is a matter of history that the 
> 1 


A 
; 


and Reviews| 


oad up and down movements of in- 
terest rates during the, past century 
have continued in a given direction 
for about twenty years before the gen- 
eral trend has changed,” said William 


GNiller, assistant general sales man- 


ager of the National City company, 
yesterday. “In 1880 the average yield 
te maturity of ten high-grade railroad 
bonds was 5.54 per cent; in 1902, it 


was 3.79 per cent, and on June 16, 


1921, it was back to 5.88 per cent. 
“Since June, bond quotations have 
advanced materially, but the present 
average price of representative bond 
issues is still lower than during the 


Sjanie of 1907. The steady accumula- 


tion of funds going on at present 
should create a strong market for 
fixed-income bearing securities, and 


many farsighted investors are now 
he fouying bonds to capacity in order to 


„ lv 
discount rate, possibly on 
| Since November 3, it has been 5 per 


4 
Ps 
* wn 
„ Go Tg 
; 5 
A am a bk 


have the benefit of comparatively 
high interest rates for years to come.“ 


According to the Doremus-Daniel 
& Co., daily stock wire market opin- 
ions were more bullish after close yes- 
terday than they had been at any 
previous time since beginning of the 
year. There was considerable invest- 
cnent buying and many stocks also 


were purchased by strong financial in- 
) terests for support purposes, one in- 


stance being GST. A strong element 
in the street is extremely bullish on 
he coppers, partly because of the re- 
sumption of dividend payment on Mo- 
hawk; Kennecott and Chile are said 
to have been accumulated by strong 
interests, 

Houses with western connections 
State that they have been heavy buy- 
ers 6f many stocks for s — 5 ac - 
count, indicating a bullish feeling in 
that part of the country. Western 
interests are now giving more atten- 
ion to the rails than to any any 
other group. 

Gross edrnings Canadian Pacific 
for second week January, $2.524,000, 
against $3,276,000 same week last 
Gear. 

Advices 
reductio 


bankers indicate an ear- 
in Bank of England’s re- 
ursday. 


cent, which * with present 
foarket rates of 33-4 to 4 per cent on 


American Sugar 
Refining Co. 
15-Year 6% Gold Bonds 


These bonds constitute the 
sole funded debt of this 
Company, which is the 

largest sugar refining 

Company in the world. 


Price yielding about 
6.185 


. Glrovlar on Request 


"The National City. Company 


ordinary bank paper, 33-4 per cent 
on three-months’ treasury bills, and 
3 per cent for call money. 

Burlington bond issue $30,000,000 
authorized by commerce commission. 
Government will withdraw 38,000,000 
from member banks in federal reserve 
system in this district tomorrow. 

Average twenty industrials, up .54; 
twenty rails, up .80. 


As expected, the market was called 


upon to absorb a lot of realizing sales 
around midday, and this seiling was 
somewhat intensified by traders sel!- 
ing for short account. No actual 
weakness appeared at any time and 
the market took the selling so well 
that the advance was resumed early 
in the afternoon. 

Sugars became especially strong, 
and the leather stocks for the first 
time received what appeared to be 
concentrated buying. This is a group 
which has received very little atten- 
tion and which is in a position to re- 
spond te speculation if the leather in- 
dustry is as stabilized as reported. 


The market hangs together very 
well, and while outside interest may 
still be somewhat skeptical of the 
advance, the continuing strength and 
the surplus of loanable funds can not 
fail to make their es. We 
are not yet ready to believe that it is 
time to take profits. 

Lots of profit-taking in stocks by 
the west today. 


Chicago .dispatch says Burlington 
has contracted with Pullman for 127 
cars, at estimated cost of $3,000,000. 

Gasoline price-cutting continues in 
Texas. There is some demoralization 
also in northwest, which Standard Oil 
of Indiana has met temporarily at 
Minneapolis with special price. 

The market is expected to follow 
the tactics of last few days, with 
pool operations active on the long 
side of special stocks and investment 
absorbing standard dividend payers. 
Extra dividend rumors are reviving in 
Studebaker and Ice. 


Cuban Sugar Situation. 
Washington, January 18.—Twenty- 
two sugar mills were shut down in 
Cuba during 1921, according to ad- 
vices from Havana received today by 
There are 


4 2 f 
‘Atlanta — 140 Peachtree St. 
hie ed hese, tan d ‘ Try Px * < 


S 8 ; 


LOTS COTTON 


00D 
* 10 — 
— — 
EDWARD 1. PATTON & CO. 
COTTON BROKERS. 


Private wires into office. 
Address: 
Western Unten F. X. New York. 
XK. X. N ork. 


N 
* 
2 7 “ir n 
. ete 8 2 5 
N * 3 4 — 
* 
— n 


| 


Sugar 


Amer. Inter. 


BS 8 Sh 1 


— 
ae) Co Ore 
QO mt et wae 


Atlantic Coast Line 
Atl., 
Amer. 


— 
NK FR FE 


Boe 


Central Leather 


Chesep. & Ohio (2) 

California Pkg. Co. 

Chicago, Mil. & St. P. 

Chica -o, R. I. & Pac. eeere 
GO, BE) we niicas con 
do, B 


Colo, Fuel & I 
Coca-Cola 

Corn Products (6) (part ex. 
Crucible Steel -(). > 


Cuban Cane Sugar 


Cuban-Amer. Sugar .. 
Colo. Southern (3) 
Chino Copper 


Davidson Chem. 


Fisk Rubbe 


u 
General Asphalt 


r 


General Motors 
Great Northern pfd. 
Great North. Ore. 


Gulf States Steel 
Goodrich Tire 

Haskell & Barker (4) 
Houston Oil 


Inter. Merc. Marine 
do. pfd. (6) 

Internationul 

Invincible Oil 


Dye () 


American Ice (7) ...... ee uave 
roe | Speedup gd ts 


* & 8. F. (6) see * 

(7) eee @peere 
& W. 1. 232 „„ „* 
° Chem. wreende <a 


eel B * * 
Canadian Pacific (10) ..... Ks 


Chandler Motors () ee 
Chicago & Northwestern (8. 


Cerro de Pasco Corp 25 ; 
Columbia Gas ()) 9 4 


Delaware and Hudson (8) a 280 65 


Gen. Elec. (12-inc. 4 pct. ex). 


General Cigars ( „0 


Inspiration Cord 


n 


2 t sekeregct: 9000 Sug sus 25 sigs 1f7 > 5 1 


Stock and “ 


wividess Rates. 
oe 


*ee¢eeeeereveeeeree 


Tite .osese 


Liddle States, Om ( 
‘ 2 


Midvale 


) eete 


n aer Stony 


— 
x 


888 
* 


New Tork, N. H. 4 H... 
4 


Phillipe Petroleum (500 
Steel Oar 


— 
eeeeeee ee 


Shell Trans. & 

Sinclair Oil .«... 
Sloss-Sheffield 5 6 „% „„ eeeeer 
St. L. & Southwestern ..... 


Sou. Pacific (8) 52 „ „% „ „%% „%%% os 
Southe 


rm Railway . 


do. * 6 „ „%% „„ „%% „ „% „%% „ „% „%Nẽ³. e „ „„ 
Standard Oil ef N. J. (5) ee? „ „ 60 5 
ebaker (7 


Co. (3 

Teras-Pacif.f.echc 
cco Prod. (6) 

Transcont. Oil ..... 
Union Pacific (10) 
United Fruit (8) 
1 8. Prod. 
United 
U 


0., > eerece 
United Druig Co. eeseeeeaeeeee 
Union On a 
Utah Copper 
Vanadium 58000 
Va.-Carolina em. 
Western Union (7 


son Co 
Worthington 
2415 8 Wabash pid. A 44 sees 
Stocks: 11 a. m., 267,000; noon, 448,700; 
sales, $50,400. 


eaeeeeeereee Fee 


Le 2 8 ag Ne 
— Valley (8%) DoPSs ae 
8, Ine. „ ee eeeee 


„ „ „ „% %%% „„ „% %6„ 
3 6% „„ „„ 


Mo, Kansas & Tex., ROw ... «..+. 
Missouri Pacific 


6 A ee 


„„ 


do., pid. 
Nat. Enamel & „ „ „%% „% „%7jöe 
New Tork D 


7) eetee 6 


{3) 
Pan-American Petro. () 
8 . 


Texas-Pacific Coal & Ol (i) .. 


3 „ „ „6% 


A 


* 


2222-25 


2 3 . 0 om, 1 7 * 1 — * . 8 ; 
2 3 1 8 a ty 3 5 Peal " patsy ree fas 7 3 & Rem 
r 
rr RE TIE OU HE My te 
: een Nee i a a oe ae 


85 oo 2 
i 


ed 85, the December 3 
the market. However, despite the 
unsatisfactory. 


10 points. Wool was anot! 
American Woolen is going to 
expected. It is believed too 

to 50 per cent higher prices will be 


traded in on the curb jumping up 7 


that started the rise. 


March 1. 


be settled. | 
Tobacco Shares. | 
A prominent banker, discussing to- 
day the attitude of labor, told about a 
stock exchange firm that lost money 
last year instead of making it, but, 
nevertheless, went down into its pock- 
t and gave its clerks at Christmas 
a check for a week’s salary. Some of 
the clerks, disappointed that the 
check was not as lapge as it was last 


% 
*s | year and the year before, returned it 
-+ 1 with the brief comment that the firm 


20% iat Beach teow 
1 p. Wee 598,800; 2 p. m., 741,000. 


STEELS FEATURE 
STOCK TRADING 


New. York, January 18.—The stock 
market today followed, in its . essen- 
tials, the course set by recent sessions, 
with the noteworthy difference that 
dealings were on a much larger and 
broader scale. 

The movement again seemed to de- 
rive its chief support from bull pools 
and other speculative interests. There 
were few, if any, signs of pronounced 
publie participation, save among high- 
grade dividend paying shares. 

Steels and affiliated equipments were 
the outstanding issues. Their further 
advance of 1 to almost 6 points, under 
lead of Gulf States Steel, was at- 
tended by reports that various mergers 
were approaching a definite stage. 

Motors and their subsidiaries, met- 
als, textiles, leathers and food special- 
ties were prominent at gains ot 1 to 
3 points. The several miscellaneous, 
or unelassified, groups, comprising 
chemicals, fertilizers and utilities, also 
rose 1 to 3 points. 

Rails were a negligible factor 
throughout, despite favorable traffic 
conditions, as indicated by increased 
carloadings at certain terminals, and 
oils, notably the foreign group, re- 
flected steady pressure. 

‘The money market presented no new 
features, call loans remaining fixed at 
41-2 per cent. More short-time loans 
were reported at 4 1-4 per cent, but 
the open rate for these accommoda- 
tions ranged from 4 1-2 to 4 3-4 per 
cent. . “arly foreign exchange rates 
were irregular, due, in part, to cabies 
which suggested banking difficulties in 
northern Europe. Later rates were 
firm, however, including bills on Swed- 
en, Denmark and Norway. 

Irregularity in the bond market in- 
cluded the Liberty group and some in- 
vestment rails, as well as domestic in- 
dustrials. Foreign government bonds 
and war flotations registered slight 
88 Total sales, par value, 817, 

75,000. . 


RYAN RETIRES 
FROM STUTZ 
COMPANY BOARD 


New York, January 18.—Resigna- 
tion of Allan A. Ryan as a director 
and chairman of the board of the 
Stutz Motor Car Company of Amer- 
ica, Was announced today. It was 
learned that he had become a director 
and chairman of the board of Fron- 
tenac Motor Car Company of Amer- 
ica, sopentis sncarporaten with a capi- 
tal of $1,000,000. Other officers of 
the Frontenac com 
Chevrolet, vice president, and Kenneth 
R. Howard, secretary and treasurer. 

Mr. Ryan’s withdrawal from the 
Stutz company become known a few 
hours after his sudden departure for 
Europe on the steamer Paris. His 
trip, associates stated, would be for 
both business and pleasure. 

Mr. Ryan is the son of Thomas 
F. Ryan, well known as a financier 
and former traction magnate. He was 
a member of the New York stock ex- 
change and the largest single share- 
holder in the Stutz company at the 
time of the famous “corner” in that 
stock, which resulted in its removal 
from the exchange and Mr., Ryan's ex- 
pulsion from that body after a bitter 
controversy. Law suits arising from 
the Stutz corner in which Mr. Ryan 
is a defendant, now are in course of 
litigation. Mr. Ryan’s ‘financial af- 
fairs were taken in hand by a com- 
mittee, including the Guaranty Teust 
company, of this city, early in 1921. 


Naval Stores. 


January 18.—Turpentine 
86; receipts, 113; ship- 


: BR 
05: H. $4.10: I, 
$5.50; w 


ny, are Louis 


Significant operations 
} sociation that the practical collapse 


BOND MARKET 


@uetations Furnished by Securities Sales Company, 64 Peachtree Street. 


-— 


Foreign Government. 
Belgian 6s 
Belgian 74s 
Belgian 88 
Chile Republic 8a 
City of Berne 88 
Christiana 8s 


Denmark 88 

French {%s 

French 8s 

Japanese 4s 

Norwegian 88 

Sao Paulo 88 

Swiss 8s 

United Kingdom 5% 1922 

United Kingdom 5% 1920 

United States of Brazil 
ndustrial 

Am. Tel. 


Atlantic Ref. 6½8 

Bell Tel. of Pennsylvania 7s 
Bethlehem Steel 5s 1936 
Brooklyn Edison 7s D 
Consolidated Gas 7s 


108 
87 


0 ear 8s 
Serben tina 


Lackawanna Steel Se 1 


Prev. 

Open. High. Low. Close. Close, 

95 Ht} 95 
106% 107 

106% 


: el. Co. Trust 5s.. 88% 80% 
Ter, Co. se 

gtr 104% 104% 104 

Ov 


8 87 8 ese 
1085 108% 108 ½ 108144 108% 
% 104% 104 104. ... 


95 95 
106% 107 107 New York Telephone 
Northwest Bell 


Packard Motor 88 


Ye 
54% 


Car 7s 


Burlington 64s 


104% ..- 
108% 108% 100 New York Central 7s 


Pennsylvania 6%4s 


4 


* 7 
Southern Pacific Con 


2 


Industrial. 
Mexican Petroleum 88 


elephone 7s 


United States Rubber 744s 
Westinghouse Piectric 7s 


Railread. 
Baltimore and Ohio 8e 
Canadian National 68 


Cen 
Northern Pacific Ref. 6s 


Prev. 

Open. High. Low. Closes. Close. 

100% 100% 100% 100% 103% 

103 103% 103% 103% 103% 
108% 108% 108 108 108 

995, 90 % 99 99%, 99% 
102%, 103 102% 102% 2 


6s 


den * ase: 2a 
1065% 1065, 


92 91% 91% 92 
08 108 107% 107% 108 
110% 110% 110 110 110% 
110% 110% 110 110% 110% 

84 84% 84 84% 8d 
107% 107% 107% 107% ... 
comes Je O7% O7% 97 OT 97% 
108 10844 108% 10844 108% 
106% 106% 106% 106% 106% 

1065; 106 

10674 106% 108 
84 88% 835% 84% 

4 4 « 4 
88% 88% 88% 88% 88% 


107 


Bank of Nations | [ NEW YORK BONDS | 


Is Proposed 
By Hitchcock 


New York, January 18—A bank of 
nations, with the United States as 
majority stockholder, an internation- 
al trade “dollar” as a substitute for 
gold, and conduct of worid business 
on a credit instead of a cash basis, 


were advocated by United States Sen- 
ator Hitchcock, of Nebraska, in an 
address today before the American 
1 Export Association 
ere. 

Senator Hitchcock discussed a bill 
which he has introduced in the sen- 
ate providing for establishing such a 
bank of nations, with $2,400,000, 
capital. The United States, he said, 
would hold $1,300,000,000 of the stock 
and bankers, importers and export- 
ers of this country another $200,000,- 
000, leaving the remaining 3900, 
000,000 to be purchased by the lead- 
ing nations of the world through the 
president. 

The United States, by virtue of its 
stock holdings, would choose thir- 
teen of the bank’s twenty-four direc- 
tors. Headquarters would be at New 
York. The directors would have pow- 
er to issue currency to be known as 
the international dollar, which would 
eliminate the continual shipment of 
gold between countries, according to 
Senator Hitcheock's plan. 

Asserting that credits represents 
the difference between the vast enter- 
prises of civilized man and the in- 
of primitive 
man, Senator Hitchcock told the as- 


of national commerce is due to the 
fact that nations are “trying to do 
business ‘for cash.” 

Nations, within their boundaries, 


conduct nine-tenths of their business 4 


on credit, the senator said, adding 
that if the United States or any oth- 


er nation suddenly was compelled to 8 


do business for cash there would be 
an enormous shrinkage .of business. 
Business between this country and 
Europe has been slashed in half in a 
single year, he asserted, because 
America demands cash on delivery 
and Europe cannot pay. 

Speaking of the enormous amount 
of gold now in United States banks, 
Senator Hitchcock said: “We ought 
to use it as a basis for currency and 
seize this opportunity to make the in- 
ternational dollar the money of the 
world, the medium of exchange be- 
tween countries. If we do not do 


this our uping of all the 

in the United States is worse than 
folly. It would be almost an inter 
national crime. We are pla dog 
in the manger with it. e have 
drawn in here and we have very much 
more than we are x 


C. 8. — registered, DIe 1004, 


Panania 388, coupon, bid 81 
American 8 Refining 62 
American Tel. & Tel. cv. 68 

Atchison gen. 4s 

Atlantic Coast Line I»! 4s 

Baltimore and Ohio Cv. 4e „ „ 5% 
Bethlehem Steel ref. 5s . 92 
Central of Georgia Cons, 86, bid ..... 92% 
Central Leather 5s D4 
Chesape@ke and Ohio cv. 5s 

Chicago, Mil. & St. P. cv, 46 02 
Chicago, R. I. & Pac. Ry. ref. 4. 
Colorado and Southern ref. 4% 
Denver and Rio Grande consol. 4s 

Dominion of Canada 5s (1931) 

Erie general 46 ....--eeeeceees 5000 41% 
Illinois Central ref. 4s , eee 9274 
Kansas City Southern ref. 6. 85 
Liggett a M * 4 6 „„ „ „P 66 eee 
Louisville and Nashville un. 44 

Missouri, — & Teras ist 44 
Missouri Pac, gen. 44 —— 
New York Ceutral deb. 6s 26 „2 „6 „ „„%6„„„6 6 eee 9914 
Norfolk and Western cv. 66 

Northern Pacific 444 erry 
Pennsylvania gen. 5s 


Readin . 
1 nd Steel rr 


gen 
Republic Iron 
St. Louis & San Fran. adj. 6s 9 
Sea board Air Line adj. 62 19064 
Southern Beil- Tel. 5s 
Southern Pacific CV. 6 
Southern Rellway 5s ceecesecee 


thern way gen, 4s 
Texas and Pacific let Se, bid 

{ a c ec 
United Kingdom of G. B. & I. 5% 

(1937) e „%%% %% „%% „„ „„ „„„% 6 6 % „%% „% DRG 
U. 8 
VI 


Steel Se 101 
early 
W eeeeeee eeeeeeene eeeeee 
Wilson & Co. cv. Ge, III.. 86 


96 
90 


CURB SECURITIES — | 


White Provision 


j 


| hogs slaughtered, which will show the 


Company Calls 
Annual Meeting 


The annual stockholders’ meeting of 
the White Provision company has 
been called for 11 o’clock Thursday 
morning, January 26. 

W. H. White, Jr., president of the 
company, has issued a circular invita- 
tion to all stockholders, inviting them 
to luncheon at the company’s cafe, im- 
mediately following the meeting, after 
which a tour of inspection of the plant 
will be made by all attending, giving 
the stockholders an opportunjty to see 
the plant in full action. — 

The annual report of this company 
is always looked upon as of unusual 
importance, as it more or less sounds 
the trend of the live stock development 
of the state. While it is an Atlanta 
institution, its business activities reach 
all points of Georgia. 

In commenting en the receipts of 
hogs and business in general, Mr. 
White stated that the report would 
show a eplendid year’s business, ex- 


ceeding any previous year in point of; 


volume. One of the most outstanding 
increases, he said, is in the number of 


biggest gain ever made by the company 
in any one year. 
Injunction Dismissed. 

New York, January 18.—The Unit- 
ed States cifeuit court of appeals, 
in a decision handed down today af- 
firmed the action of the federal dis- 
trict court in dismissing the iijunc- 
tion suit brought by Clarance H. Ven- 
ner against the Southern Pacific com- 
pany and its directors, and the Pa- 
cifie Oil company and its directors. 


7 London Money. 
London, January 18.—Bar silver, 35144 


ounce. Money 3% per cent. 
Pe Disconnt tes bills, 4 per cent; 


rates: Short 
three months bills, 3.13-16@8% per cent. 
._INVESTOR’S 
POCKET MANUAL 


Write today for your free copy of this booklet. 
3 Ask for bookles. H-46 


WI. H. McKenna & Co. 


needed the money worse than they did. 
Everyone of these clerks were dis- 
charged. 
Tobacco shares acted very well to- 
day in the face of the report made by 
the federal trade commission to the 
senate, to the effect that three well- 
known companies were engaged in a 
conspiracy with jobbers associations to 
keep jobbing prices up to war levels 
and prevent a fall in manufacturing 
rices. The companies were American, 
iggett & Myers and P. Lorillard. 
ommerejal loans of the federal re- 
serve bank here now stand at only 
$35,311,000, against $439,305,000, a 
year ago, with those for the system 
as a whole at $560,018,000, against 
$1,502,813,000 a year ago. These 
figures show to what extent liquidation 
and trade inactivity have gone. Bur- 
lington has placed an order for twelve 
dining cars, 53 baggage cars and sixty- 
two passenger cars, to cost $3,000,000. 
Pacific Fruit is asking for bids on 
3,300 refrigerator cars. 

Despite the incease of 27,998 in 
idle freight cars reported for the week 
ending Jannary 8, today’s reports 
show an increase of 74,958 in freight 
car loadings for the week ending 
January 7. 


Continental Motors Report. 


Continental Motors, which mann- 
factures motors for automobile 
companies, published its annual 
report today for the fiscal 
year ended October 31. There 
was a net operating loss for the year 
of $371,000 in round numbers, against 
profits for 1920 of $3,567,000.. Last 
year $904,000 was deducted for inven- 
tory lossses, and $294,000 was paid 
out in dividends, against $1,049,000, 
for 1920. This made the deficit for 
1921 $1,596,000 against a final sur- 
plus for 1920, after dividends of $2,- 
517,000, thus reducing the profit and 
loss surplus from $6,345,000, for 1920, 
to $4,779,000 for 1921. However, 
President Hudson is hopeful for the 


ing the third hour crossed 90, making the advance, 


Cleveland Motor was much talked 


that the company booked some good orders at the recent show ne! 
doing well with its earnings. However, some one seems to have made 
the discovery that this stock had not advanced with other automobile 
shares and started on a mere chance to buy. It was that chance buying 


with a Tusa 4 
C 4 1 —— 


and then stopped. 
fact that 


the market. 


since the 


points in a few m 


Gulf States Steel had another advance today when it was learned 
that a firm of lawyers had secured a stockholders list and written to 
each stockholder asking for a selling price or for 


If stock prices continue to advance and the general feeling is that % 
the price trend for the whole of this year will be upwardvwith, of courses,, 
natural setbacks, a number of bucket shop failures are expected. The 
difference between a reputable broker and one who runs a bucket 
is that one actually buys and sells stock for his customer and the other 
simply makes a bet with hii sustomer. 
trading in the stock market to make sure that his broker is | 
with the New York Stock exchange. That * a question that can eas 3 


shop 


1 


Thus it behooves every one 


x 
ha 


. yr 3 
— 
an 
1 >, 
2 . 2 
is. eas 
2 
. i 


2 
ope 9 
“we 2 


; 
rs 
: 


* 


* 
— 
— 


8 


aes. 


2 * 
ee St 
"eG 
* a 25 


3 
7 


. 


50 


Ce ae 
oa. 
ae 


an option good until R 


— 


aa 


5 


* 
oS ii 


„i 


7 
future. He says that while sales n 


the books at the close of 
year were $38,568,00, 


of 19 


booked which bring the total up tao 


$50,000,000, and that shipping orders’ 
for the first two months of the new 
culendar year are in excess of any two 
months of the past fiscal year. * 


Burlington has obtained permission 


from the interstate commercé commis- 
sion to sell $30,000,000 first and re- 
fundng 5 per cent 50-year bonds and 


sale of the same for roadbed and strue- 


balance for asmall piece of trac 


The bonds will be sold at 89 1-2, ana. ** 


the money, including all bankers’ co 
missions, will cost the company not 
more than 55-8 per cent. 

Lewis Statement. 


ae 


— 
— 


E 


the fisen! 
decrease 


a 
of 28 * cent, compared with the end —2 9 
, since then orders have been 


2 


Nene eren 


a 4 
eA 
* 4 
use $14,000,000 of the proceeds of theses 

3 
ture, 815, 000,00 for equipment and thea, .{ | 


N 


The attention of investors in rail! = ⁵ 
way securities cannot be called tos 


often to what this government super- 
vision of the issuance of new securities 


raised, means to them, compared wi 
ers to sell any kind of seeurity at any 
price, and any banking com 


insiders for any and all kinds of 
some pay owned by insiders. 


United Mine Workers, declares, in 
oa the wage conference, that * 
talk o 
hard or soft coal miners on April 1 is 
useless, adding: 
backward step. even if it requires 
industrial conflict to avoid it.” 


miners when they are working, is still 
to be heard from. ‘ 


Metals. 


New York, Jan 
electrolytic, spot 
later, 14. Tin steady; 
$32.00: 


ead ‘steady; spot, 4.70¢ 
St. Louis delivery, 
antimony, spot, $4.50, 


Swift & Co. 
Chicago, January 18.—Swift & Co., 100%. 
Great Britain has ‘one automobile 


spot 

Lead 
zinc quiet; Fast 
$4.75@4.80; 


a 


wy 
» o8 


on to 
junk, 


John L. Lewis, president of the 


ab 


2 . 
reducing wages of either the 


“We willl take no 
A 
wer ¥ 
right, Uncle John. The other side, the = 
public, that pays the wages of the 
60 & 
onl} ; : 
a a 
mie 
pe 2 
uary 18.— Copper steady: 
and nearby. 18% @145 1 


* 
a 


for every 110 persons of its popula- — 


tion. 


seed oli for future delivery. Sp 


Hubbard Bros. & Co., Cotton Merchants 


Hanover Square, New York 


Members New York Cotton Exchange, New Orleans Cot 
w York Produce Exchange, associate members Liv won Ge 
olation. Orders solicited ony the rchase — 7 8580 
al attention and 
consignments of spot cotton for delivery. Corr 


tton 

sale of cotton and 
liberal terms 
eavondenée in 


321 Broadway, 


O. A. BARNARD, PRESIDENT 
Was Formerly Managing Director of 
J. H. LANE & CO. 


BARNARD-LYNAH, Inc. 


New York City 


1 
1 


J 


pave : 


* — 


=~ 
ee * vw: ines ion 


5 


8 


p voc ‘ 


| Vi | 
Me 


2 


honest counsel, 


standards: 


OST every investor has a permanent invest- 
‘ment banker, upon whose judgment he can 
always rely in making his investments, When 
you become one of our customers, your best 
interests will be carefully protected by the 
sound judgment and many 

years, of experience of this organization. We 
can assist you to make safe investments. 


7 


The following tax-free bonds have passed our high 


7 


ORANGE COUNTY, FLA. Gs . 193-4 
SUMTER COUNTY, CA., 586. 1926-49 
WAYNE COUNTY, GA., 58 4 . 1930-43 
FLOYD COUNTY, OA. 
CEDARTOWN, GA, 6s. 4 192750 
WINDER, CA, 38s . 4 4 1926-28 
COCHRAN, CA., 5s... 6 . 1927-49 


5’s. eee ee ee . 1924-50 


9 
n er. dye? Mee CFC PPP 7 
* 


ö * * 
* 1 ö 


W Nn a | aZ vn 8 
5 Gace 4 eee . r 
. S * 2 1 


* 
XX. 


.. A ˙ 


or — 
„ im 
— — 


* 


os a . 7 * 

* N 

r 
icin ape N ire » Seige 


8 4 „ 8 af 9 ** . 
LY ROD e eee ORIG. E SERINE ee eee eee ee, 


we! 


mie 
RE ee 


Fo eo? are |. 


ina 
and the expenditure of funds thus 


* 
241 


the old method of allowing the carri᷑ - 


‘ 8 
8 . —2— “es 22 F . “al 2 8 4 
eee GEE e OEE eee ee 


COTTON MILL ACCOUNTS WANTED [7 | 
on | . 
Coarse Cotton Ducks, Drills, Sheetings 


Selling Agents for Mills 


engagement of three nights 


e er nt Directory 


THEATERS 


MOVIES 


Lytle Thester (Ketth (Keith % 1 ad- 


Grand andevill and Pictures)— 
r.: 2 5 ) 


in “Rent Free and other — 7 Sentyres.. 
Musical Comedy, “Margie.” 
7 (At Atlanta Theater.) 
ee described as a gay and 
music girl someday, for which 
i tne kecure gor company, Inc., stand 
¢ thomas will have its initial produc- 
- tion in this city at the Atlanta the- 
‘ater tonight. when it will begi , 
n 


Saturday matinee. “Margie” is 
‘Said to be a fast running, snappy 


” 


ae 8 musical comedy —a joyful show, 80 


swift it scarcely zives vou time to 
‘think. Just one rapid number aft- 
er another, and girls that are, in- 
deed, good td look upon. The 
music, by Leo Edwards, the book by 
Tho Hardin, and the lyrics by 
Hugo Meyers, are said to be remark- 
Able for grace and style and dis- 
tinction. The original. company 
7 be geen here. Eimer bugs 
reads the organization, which in- 
_@iudes singers from grand opera, 
and a number of recruits from big 
time vaudeville. ‘The McGregor Co. 


mas not stinted in the matter of 


Production. The scenery is in rare 
good taste, and the stage pictures 
a feast for the eye. Popular prices 
will prevail during this engagement. 


Neil O’Brien Minstrels. 


[Coming to the Atlanta) 

The seat sale for the engagement 
of the Neil O’Brien Super Minstrels 
opens today at the box office of 
the Atlanta theater, where the cele- 
brated organization will appear on 
Monday, January 23, for an entire 
Week. with matinees on Wednesday 
and Saturday. 

The coming of this notable com- 
pany is being looked forward to 
with more than passing interest, as, 
after all, there is probably no form 
of entertainment that can be re- 
garded as more “sure-fire” for 
wholesome amusement purposes 
than a minstrel “show,” especially 
if it comprises artists who are ex- 
perts in their particular line, and 
that the Neil O’Brien aggregation is 


THEATERS 


Fun ane 


TONIGH FRI. & SAT. 


MAT. SAT. 
The Reigning Musical Comedy 
Success of Two Continents 


MARGIE 


ee ae GIRL IN ALL 
WORLD 
SLEAN 4 8 AND 
SNAPPY—THAT’S “MARGIE.”’ 
FULL 0’ PEP AND LAUGHS. 


NOTE POPULAR PRICES, 50c to $2.00 
ALL PERFORMANCES. 


Dok“ OVERLOOK THE FACT 
“Entire week of Mol., Jan. 23 


Entire Week of 


NEIL OBRIEN 
SUPER. MIN 


STRELS 


Prices: Nights and Sat. Mat., 50c to $2 
Pop. Wed, Mat. 50c. to $1.00, Seats now 


Loew's 


SAN 
CONTINUOUS a 


— 


Vaudeville 3:30, 7:00, 9:00 
Afternoon, 15c, 20c; Night, 118.50 400 


TODAY, FRIDAY SATURDAY 


Toyland Frolics 


A Tinkling, Tuneful Revue 


The Eminent Entertainers 


Henshaw & Avery 


— IN — 
Carrying On” 


Townsend, Wilbur & Co. 


Jack Case 


Hanlon & Clifton 


ON THE SCREEN 


Corinne Griffith 


ow IN aw . 
“THE SINGLE TRACK” 


C SET IPE 


* , : 
Doerr MISS 


THE WONDERFUL 
PROGRAM THIS. 
WEEK AT THE 


HOWARD 


12;30—2:15—4—5:45 


. — 


3 


Metropolitan Theater—All 
tell in “The Idle Rich,” and other screen 
features. 


Criterion Theater- Al week. Lionel West 
Dangerous Love.“ and other ecreen fea- 


Forsyth Theater— „ Douglas Fair- 
banks in The Three Musketeers, and other 
screen features. 


Theater—Thursday, Friday and Set- 
75, Gladys Walton in Don't Get Per- 


Strand Theater — Thursday, 8 FF 
. William Desmond in 


Alamo No. 2—Thursday, Friday, ‘‘With- 
out Benefit of Clergy.”’ 


Alpha Theater—Thursday, Eddie Polo in 
The Secret Four.“ f 


composed of specialists of the very 
highest ability—singers, dancers 
and comedians that have been se- 
lected, provided with novel, up-to- 
date material, and directed by the 
acknowledged creator of progres- 
sive minstreley, Mr. Neil O’Brien 
himself is sufficient guarantee of 
the entertaining qualities of the 
company, which includes, among 
other well-known “burt-cork” ce- 
lebrities, Jack “Smoke” Gray, Pete 
Detzel and Joe Carroll, Bell and 
Arliss, Gene Cobb, Fred Miller and 
Claud Root, Henry Maher, J. Lester 
Habercorn, Tom Kane, Wally B. 
Mersereau, George Shone, Dan Mar- 
shall, Charles R. Wright, Tom Hig- 
Zins. Andrew White, Jimmy John- 
son, Wyle Verne, William Richards, 
Frank Cracker Quinn, David D. 
Morris, Ed Larson and Speed“ Me- 
Carty. 


3 


Keith Vaudeville. 


(At the Lyric.) 

Scintillating wit and fascinating 
melodies are the chief attractions 
at Keith’s Lyric Thursday, Friday 
and Saturday. Earle S. Dewey and 
Mabel “Billie” Rogers, who will be 
remembered as playing principal 
roles in “Reckless Eve,” “Naughty 
Princess” and other musical shows, 
are the featured stars in an oddity 
from Jack Lait’s pen entitled “No 
Tomorrow.” The little playlet has 
continuity of action; through two 
distinct scenic changes and interest 
is sustained with mirth-provoking 
dialogue. . 

Recently the humble raisin has 
come into unusual favor and now 
without an act of congress but 
8 the medium of Joe Lane 
and Pearl Harper, it is an added 
vogue. These clever comedy chem- 
ists have used the raisin to put a 
rise in risibles. The raisin causes 
the effervescence and sparkle of 
their dialogue, which they deliver 
under the title “Bits of Wit.” 


— — 


Loew Vaudeville. 


(At the Grand.) 

“Toyland Frolics,” a musical song 
and dance fantasy, is the headline 
feature for the last half of the 
week at Loew’s Grand theater. The 

t is presented by Brockman, 

oward and company, assisted by 
Anna Shadkowa and Barbette Ban- 
ta, and is a most elaborate produc- 
tion. It was staged and written 
by Slater Brockman, the male mem- 
ber of the offering. 

An extra feature on the bill is 
the appearance of the popular mu- 
sical comedy star, John E. Hen- 
shaw, and Grace Avery, in their 
amusing skit, “Carrying On.” Mr. 
Crenshaw was the star of the orig- 
inal Passing Show,” The Stroller“ 
and the Chinese Honeymoon,“ and 
is presenting with Miss Avery an 
unusually funny domestic skit, a 
2 to life portrayal of married 

e. 

Other acts are Townsend, Wilbur 
and company, Jack Case and Han- 


_ THEATERS 


* 7 0 
i f 
- 
* 
9 * 
. , 
a 1 
. ' 
8 
1 — 
. —— 
1 — 
> 
. 
N : 
ed x N 
is 
; 
N 
‘ 
* 
* 
. 
1 


At The 


Auditorium 
Wednesday, Jan. 25 
At 8:30 


* 


Cincinnati 
Symphony 


Eugene Ysaye 
Conductor 


Mishel Piastro 
Violinist 
Tickets on Sale 
Tomorrow 
At 


Cable Piano Co. 


Prices: $1.00 to $2.00 
Plus War Tax 


F.AEIT H 


LYRIC THEATRE 


1 9 


@ WORLD'S BEST VAUDEVILLE 


TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY 


Earl S. Dewey and Mabel “Billy” Rogers 
A Vaudeville 
“NO TOMORROW” 


Presenting 


2:30—7:30—9:00 2 M. 


By JACK LAIT 


JOSEPH M. REGAN 


Joe— 


at { Pas : 9 
n 
tat 
ee 2 
a 
5 
— * 

4 ~~ x * 
r . 

* 7 » 

1 

E 


IN TOWN THIS WEEK 


“MARION nin aaa 


3 2 tl 


cen 
n 


al 


Paramount | 


Fo 

with Marion Davies, star of 
politan Productions, in her -latest 
icture, “Enchantment,” now at the 
jialto. Ags Petruchio in The Tam- 
ing of the Shrew,” Mr. Stanley, in 
the role of Ernest Eddison, meets 
charming Ethel ae with a long 
record of scalps. e begins to lay 
siege to Ethel’s ME his own is 
‘conquered and he is forced to tell 
her the whole truth. 


Wallace Reid. 


(At the Howard.) 

A most perfectly balanced pro- 
gram is offered at the Howard this 
week. The feature with Wallace 
Reed is all that can be asked, while 
a short subject called “The Beg- 
gar Maid,” is making a distinct hit. 
“The Chocolate Soldier” is the over- 
ture, and the famed sextet is offered 
by six brass instruments. The How- 
News completes this program. 


MONROE COUNTY 
BANKS IN FINE: 
FINANCIAL SHAPE 


Forsyth, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)— The annual statements just is- 


sued by the six banks of Mtonroe coun- 
ty show they are in splendid condition 
financially. 

These banks have deposits aggregat- 
ing about $395,000, which is much less 
than carried before the present finan- 
cial stringency, but under circum- 
stances the present amount of deposits 
is regarded as unusually good. 
According to the statements each 
bank has not only made money and 
declared a substantial dividend, but has 
passed a substantial amount to undi- 
vided profits account. All the banks 
have held annual meetings of stock- 
holders and elected officers and diree- 
tors for the ensuing year. There are 
or banks at Forsyth and two at Cul- 
lodden. 


RUNNING FOR BOARD 
Butts 


County Man Issues 
Statement. 


Jackson, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)—J, Threatt Moore, formerly a 
member of the Georgia legislature 
from this county and one of the 
leading attorneys and farmers of this 
section of the state, has announced 
definitely that he is a candidate for 
the state railroad commission. Mr. 
Moore will offer for the place on the 


Murphey Candler. 
Mr. Moore issued the following 
statement today: 

“Some time ago I stated I was consider- 
ing making the race for railroad commis- 
sioner in the coming state primary. Since 
then I have received pledges and letters 
of support from all sections of the state. 
As a farmer, I know just how burdensome 
the present high and unreasonable freight 
rates are on the farmers of the state. 
“If elected railroad commissioner, I in- 
tend to fight relentlessly for freight rate 
reductions on all farm products. believe 
that the various state railroad commissions, 
shippers and farmers, by acting together, 
can restore the rate-fixing powers of the 
state commissioners from the interstate 
commerce commission that has raised ex- 
cessively freight rates during the last few 
months. 

At the proper time I expect to discuss 
the many important tesenes involved in this 
race in all sections of Georgia. I will wel- 
come a full and open discussion of all issues 
before the people with my opponents.“ 


TO AID COUNTIES 


Special State Agent Arrives 
in Dublin. 


Dublin, Ga., January 18.— (Spe- 
eial. — Special Agent J. F. Hart, — 
of the extension department of the 
Georgia State College of Agriculture, 
has arrived in Dublin to aid in the 
tam development problems of farm- 
ers in this section. The special agent 
comes here under provisions of meas- 
ures adopted by the state college to 
provide help for Farmers of counties 
without the services of a federal farm 
agent. 

Mr. Hart will have headquarters 
in Dublin and work in Laurens, 
Wheeler, Montgomery, Treutlen and 
Toombs counties. He will concentrate 
his efforts, so far as possible, to- 
ward the creation and maintenance 
of proper marketing agencies for farm 
products in this territory. 


DR. ASHBY JONES — 
SPEAKS IN ATHENS 


Athens, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
ial.)\—Dr. Ashby Jones, of Atlanta. 
will address the students and faculty 
of the University Georgia on Lee’s 
birthday at the university chapel.-Dr. 
Jones is pastor of the Central Baptist 
church, of Atlanta, and is considered 
one of the foremost divines and ora- 
tors in the south. 

Dr. G. Campbell Morgan. noted 
English divine, "aha recently moved to 
Athens, delivered an address at the 
university chapel Wednesday morning 
at 9 o'clock, which assembled the en- 
tire university student body, and the 
faculty members as well as the Ath- 
ens public in general. 


MOTION PICTURES 


NOW PLAYING 
PERSONAL APPEARANCE 


LEW CODY 


The Beau Brummel of the Screen 
2:15—4:00-—7 :30—9:15 
ALSO 


BERT LYTELL in 
THE IDLE RICH 
Christy Comedy Kinograms 


CRITERION 


NOW PLAYING 
PERSONAL APPEARANCE 


Lionel West 


| 2:15 —4:00—845—7:30—9:15 
ALSO HIS 
LATEST PICTURE 


DANGEROUS LOVE 


commission now held by Chairman} 


— sew W ant 


TH DEAR Py, 
oN WELFARE MEET} 


8 Ga. , January n 
Governor Hatdwick w in address the 
Northeast Georgia 84 — on 
Welfare to be held i in Athens, Janu- 
ary 23-2, according to announce- 
ent by James L. Sibley, Ex- 
tension Professor of Work at 
the University, in charge of arrange- 
ments. 

The Governor has been asked to 
speak Monday night, his subject — 
ing: Tax Reform, The Next Step 
in Georgia’s Progress.’ 

The conference will bring to Ath- 
ens many prominent persons from 
this section of the state who will — 
vote three days a discussion of 
public health, 2 family wel- 
fare, the reduction 
ease and kindred subjects. 

State officials of the Departments 
of Health and Pyblic W are are up- 
on the program and officers of the 
State Federation of Women’s Clubs 
and Parent-Teacher associations. 
Amongthese are Dr. T. F. Abercrom- 
bie, secretary of the state board of 
health, and Dr. W. H. Doughty, Jr., 
of Augusta, president of the state 
board of health; Burr Blackburn, see¢- 
retary of the state department cf 
public welfare and -Judge Andrew 
J. Cobb, of Athens; a member of the 
state board of welfare, Mrs. J. . 
Hays, of Montezuma, president of the 
state federation of Women's clubs 
and Mrs. Charles A. Hilburn, of Ma- 
con, president of the state parent- 
tenchers association. 


GeraldineLeaves 


World to Guess 
At Her Quitting 


BY WESTBROOK PEGLER. 
United News Staff Correspondent. 


New York, January 18.—Beautiful, 
temperamental Geraldine Farrar has 
put it up to New York to guess why 
she has suddenly announced her ab- 
dication of the queenly privileges and 
prerogatives which she enjoyed 
througout the 15 years of her star- 
dom with the Metropolitan Opera 
company. Next year Miss Farrar will, 
in the patter of the vaudevillian, “hit 
the grit“ as a lone trouper, in a con- 
cert tour which may earn her a quar- 
ter of a million dollars. 

Although she will travel in her pri- 
vate car, a luxurious bungalow on 
wheels, she will be giving up the -ease 
and comfort of her famous residence 
in the West: Seventies, and her cher- 
ished position as the great star of the 
Metropolitan. To those who profess 
to know her, it seems that her gain 
in money will not compensate for her 
loss in other things. Money means 
comparatively little to “Gerry.” Cer- 
tainly her income from the Metropol- 
itan, estimated at nearly $90,000 4a 
year, would be enough to maintain 
her. Therefore the search for motives 
goes beyond money considerations and 
wanders around back-stage where 
Mme. Maria Jeritza, the young Vien- 
nese star, in her first year at the Met- 
ropolitan, has also become a queen 
since her American debut. 


AMERICAN RELIEF 
IN RUSSIA FEEDING 
MILLION CHILDREN 


New York, January 18.—A report 
of the Ameriean relief administration 
in Russia sho that the organiza- 
tion is at present feeding 1,025,250 
children in the stricken districts, this 
includes 146,787 in the district of 
Saratov, one of the hardest hit by the 
famine. 

It is planned to feed 2,000,000 chil- 
dren by March 1. At the same time, 
attention will be extended to grown- 
ups. The work will require an aver- 
age movement of 70,000 tons of food 
monthly from the United States, ac- 
cording to the report, 


ONE MAN KILLED, 
TWO ARE INJURED 
IN WALL COLLAPSE 


New Orleans, January 18.—One 
man was killed and two probably fa- 
tally injured when a wall of a three- 
story building undergoing repairs at 
St. Charles avenue and Calliope street 
collapsed today, burying them under 
many tons of brick. T persons 
were slightly hurt. Firemen and po- 
licemen at work removing the debris 
found Ben Dupre, a carpenter, dead, 
and Sherman Hartsfield and Dennis 
Dabney, also carpenters, so badly in- 
jured they were not expected to live. 


MEASURE WOULD 
REQIURE STEEL 
RAILROAD COACHES 


Washington, e 18.—Rail- 
roads would be required to retire wood- 
en and provide all-steel passenger cars 
under a bill introduced today by Sena- 
tor Harris, democrat, Georgia. Au- 
thority to enforce the legislation would 
be lodged with the interstate commerce 
commission 


Baptists Collected 
$30,000,000 in Drive 
To Get $75,000,000 


Nashville, Tenn., January 18.—Cash 
collections made on subscriptions to 
the g Baptist $75,000,000 campaign, 
taken in the drive cf two years ago, 
amount $30,160,843, it was reported 
to the midwinter meeting of the cam- 
paign conservation commission here 
today by Dr. L. R. Scarborough, 
of Fort Worth, Texas, chairman. 
The collections by states comprising 
the territory of the convention up to 
the close of the past state conventional 
year were given us follows: 
Alabama, $1,245,191; Arkansas, 
$1,001,283; District of 7 
5123.280; Florida, 8469.75 
32.583.650; southern a 
263 Kentucky, 83.072.741; Louisiana, 
$697,896 ; Maryland, $398,600 ; Missis- 
sippi, 51.556.300; 1 81.150. 
301; New Mexico, $158,248; North 
Carolina, $2.377,733 ; Oklahoma, 
$784,252; South Carolina, $2,633,540 ; 
Tennessee, $1,747,355; Texas, $4,426, 
196; Virginia, $3,214.085, and 
from all sources, $1 

romoting the 3 in- 


at today's meetings. 


Charged With Murder. 
Macon, Ga., January — 


f crime and os, 


Je — — — — 


eien Muratore| Mh 


To Quit Chicago 
Opera Company 


Chicago, ae 
Muratore, today an- 
nounced he was . from the 
Chicago Upera company at the close 
of > ey present season. 

Muratore is 8 to open the 
New York season at the Manhat ttan | 


won gg 


Fri 1 3 

ction wi 

eral director, and the failure of 22 
Garden to present Lina Cavaleri, who 
in private life is Mme. Muratore, in 
the title role of Tosca, are given as 
the reasons why the famous tenor has 
decided not to continue with the com- 


“Wor Miss Garden, as an artists 
I have the highest, the greatest ad- 
miration, M. Muratore stated. “I 
am pleased to sing with her because | 
che is the great artist. But as director 
of * company in which I sing, no, 
no, 

He added he had three contracts of- 
fered him, one from the Metropolitan 
Opera company, one for a concert 
tour, and the third, although he re- 
fused to state, is "presumably from 
the Chicago company. 


TY TY TO STAGE 
REGULAR FIELD 
DAY SATURDAY 


Tifton, Ga. January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.) —The business men of Ty Ty, 
9 miles west of Tifton, in Tift county, 
met tonight for the purpose of or- 
ganizing a board of trade. 

Ty Ty already has organized a 
booster club which is advertising a 
field day for Saturday, when a num- 
ber of ath®tic and sporting events 
will be pulled off in which a number 
of prizes is offered. 

Included in these events is $1 for 
the man who can yell the loudest, 
which is in addition to wrestling, 
horse racing, buck and wing dancing, 
sack races, potato races, bucking mule, 
greased pole climbing, greased pig 
catching and music from fiddles, ban- 
joes and guitars. 

If you hear an unusual noise Sat- 
urday it will be Ty Ty making itself 
heard. 


MELON GROWERS 
IN LAURENS 
TO ORGANIZE 


Dublin, Ga., January . 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)— A meeting of melon growers of 
Laurens county has been announced 
for next Saturday morning at 10 
o'clock, at which time efforts will be 
made to organize the producers similar 
to associations in effect in other sec- 
tions of the state. 

Although this county has been a 
heavy producer of melons in past 
years, particularly the last two, the 
producers have not been so successful 
as they might have been owing to the 
fact that there has been so well organ- 
ized method of handling melons. 

It is planned to eliminate all un- 
necessary moves in 1922, plant a big 
crop of melons and handle them in a 
@ystematic and proper manner. 


Rides Twelve Miles 
To Attack Phone 
Operator, Is Charge 


Moultrie, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)—The grand jury this afternoon 
returned an indictment against Ed 
Smith, well-known young man of 
Omega, charging him with assault 
with intent to murder. 
attack was made on James Wilson, 
operator for the Consolidated Tele- 
phone and Telegraph company at Nor- 
man Park. 

According to the report received 

here, Smith put in a call for a young 
lady who attended Norman institute, 
and was told by Wilson that the dor- 
mitory telephone. was out of order. 
This is said to have enraged Smith, 
who is alleged to have insisted that 
the telephone was not-out of service. 
Warm words were exchanged by the 
two men over the telephone. 
Smith then, it is claimed, got in his 
ear and drove to Norman Park, some 
twelve miles away. Wilson was not 
in the telephone exchange, but the 
two men met on the street. In the 
fight that followed Wilson is said 
to have been cut. 

Smith, who is out under bond, will 
be tried in superior court here to- 
morrow. 


Lost in Poker Game; 
Gave Notes and Now 
Seeks to Avoid Paying 


Macon, Ga. January 18.—(Spe 
cial.)—Stud poker was the piece de 
resistance of a gay party put on by 
J. W. Lovelace, plaintiff in a suit 
filed in gd superior court today 
against H. L. McSwain, J. W. Kay 
and W. V. Meek ks. 

The plaintiff recites that he. lost 
$200 in the game, gave a check for 
that amount to Ray and then hurried 
to the bank next morning to stop pay- 
ment of the check. 

He says that after being harrassed 
and harrangued by Ray he gave two 
promissory notes, each. for $100, 
which Ray assigned to Meeks. 

Lovelace now avers the notes ere 
void because they are sustained by 
an illegal gambling debt and asks that 
the defendants be brought into court 
to array their claims and that they 
be enjoined from collecting on the 
notes. 


MACON COMPANIES 
SUED BY REFINERS 


Macon, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 


cial.)—Several Macon firms, caught 
long on contracts and high on price 
when the bottom fell out of the 4 — 
market in the summer of 1920, w 

made defendants in suits filed in Bibb 
superior court today, by he Lamborn 
& Co., and the Savannah Sugar Re- 
fining company. The firm of Jones, 
Park & Johnston represents 
plaintiff concerns. 

The petitions recite that the plain- 
tiffs agreed to deliver 7 the — 
firms large quantities of sugar at 
22 1-2 and 251-2 cents a pound, with 
November 30 at the latest delivery 
eee 5 of the ö were — 94 
before the sugar ce bogga 
The — are the Adams Broth- 
ers company, W. 
ge ee PE 

ng Cigar a — 
judgments asks approximate $15,000. 
FORMER TRURKISH 

WAR HEAD CAPTURED 
rte g January 18-—(By the As- 
Enver Pasha, 


The alleged } 


ditional 


1 


for- 2 


Dublin, Ga., January We 
cial.)—If present plans of the 

way department are ‘ae 
5 n wimg the 2 8 wil have 
a increase o 
* nad several creme cated | ote 


t,stated that if the 
projects under consideration material- 
ize Laurens county—will have an ad- 
tional mileage of 50.7 miles, and at 
least five crews of experienced road- 
builders, whose duty it would be to 
maintain the roads constructed by the 
federal builders. 
er it is learned, already has 
for a road from Irwinton 
to Macon, and thence to Cochran, and 
Laurens project will embrace a 
road from Dublin to Wrightsville, 
thence to the Emanuel county line, and 
the river road through the southern 
23 of the county, a total of 50.7 
miles, 

Mr. Parker stated his belief that 
these roads would be open for travel 
not later than March 1. Crews of 
eight men each will be stationed at 
convenient places and will be expected 


to make use,of tractors and other 
modern road equipment in keeping 
these roads in the best possible condi- 
tion and passable at all seasons. 


HONORED SUMTER 
HEROES REPORTED 


Americus, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- 
cial.)—James Wheeler has just re- 
ported to the American Forestry as- 
sociation the names of Sumter county 
veterans for whom memorial trees 
were planted here. 

These veterans, all of whom made 
the supreme sacrifice for their coun- 
try, are C. G. Clement, Jesse D. 


Bridges, Wyatt Chapman, Roy Rat- 


ley, Gordon Statham, Nottingham 
Law and John D. Mathis. Their 
names were reported to the forestry 
association on request of Charles 
Lathrop Pack, president of the organ- 
ization, 


To Sell Bonds. 


Thomasville, Ga., January 18.— 
(Special.) — With the bond issue of 
$25,000 for the construction of a 
consolidated district school at Och- 
locknea validated by tne superior 
court, the trustees plan to begin the 
erection of the building as soon as 
possible and advertisements for sealed 
bids for the bonds are being run in 
bond and trade journals, bids to be 
submitted on February 1. 

The Cornell property in the western 
part of the town of Ochiocknee, just 
off the Dixie highway, has deen se- 
lected by the board of trustees as the 
site for the consolidated school, and 
an option has been taken on the prop- 
erty. This property comprises ten 
and a half acres, and is considered an 
ideal site. 


Classified Rates 


One time „eee eee eee ee Gane en Mae 
Three times (eee ee eee 
Seven times . Iien line 
Thirty times or more. Ize a line 


Each Issue 


Above rates for consecutive inser- 
tions only. 

No advertisement accepted for 
less than two lines.’ 

Advertisements under the follow- 
ing classifications will only be in- 
serted when cash accompanies the 


order: 
For Rent—Rooms, Furnished or 
Unfurnished. 
For Rent—Rooms Unfurnished. 
Wanted—Board. 
Wanted—Boarders. 
For Rent—Rooms Furnished. 
Situation Wanted—Male. 


Situation Wanted—Female. 

Wanted—To Rent Rooms Fur- 
nished. \ 

Wanted—To, Rent Room Unfur- 
nished. 

The Constitution will not be re- 
sponsible for more than one in- 
correct insertion of any advertise- 
ment ordered for more than one 
time. 

Accounts opened for ads (except- 
ing those classifications that are 
cash with order) by telephone to 
accommodate you if your me is 
in the telephone directory. Want 
ads taken by telephone are to be 
paid for immediately upon applica- 
tion, bill to be presented by mail or 
solicitor the same day. 

Discontinuance of advertising 
must be in writing. It will not be 
accepted by phone. This protects 
your interests as well as ours. 

Advertisements not paid in ad- 
vance will be charged for the actua) 
number of lines occupied, regard- 
less of the number of words. Charge 
ads will not be estimated. Part of 
* line will be charged same as a full 

ne. 

No phone orders accepted for ad- 
vertisements that are to appear un- 
der “cash in advance” classifica- 
tions. 

Courteous operators, thoroughly 
familiar with rates, rules and clas- 
sifications, will give you complete 
information. And if you wish, they 
will assist you in wording your 
want ad to make it most effective. 


ve TELEPHONE MAIN 5000 


PERSONAL 


LADIES—Omer your spring suit now. Best 

class custom garment maker. Selected 
fur chokers reasonable. Arnone, Ladies’ Tai- 
for Furrier, 345 Peachtree. 


WE collect all old bills. Small commie 
sion. Ivy 4768. 
TERNITY sanitarium; vate, refined, 
na ao homes provi for ee 
_T. Mitchell, 22 Windsor street. 
MONEY collected everywhere; 
raced; no collection, no cost. 
—— 511 ‘Forsyth Bidg. 


LOST AND FOUND 


LOST—B:s of R. T. ring on Main street or 
Boulevard, College Park. Returm to 204 
W. Boulevard street and receive reward. 


LOST—About three weeks ago, Swiss sil- 

ver wrist watch, black velvet stiap, ini- 
tials F. H. B. on outside back cover. Phone 
Ivy 1795 or Hemlock 5879 


LOST, strayed or stolen, San 110 1 
avenue, white shepherd, with yellow spots 

on ears and back Reward. Ivy 327 3273-J. 

BUNDLE of clothes lost on Highland ave, 
car _car Tuesday noon. Ivy 6953-W. Reward. 


LOST—One brindle bob-tailed bulldog; 
End. Call West 


white breast, in West 
1361. Reward. 


Los Wednesday noon on 8. Decatur car 
black silk — amber handle. Cali 
Decatur 989; Reward. 
375 REWARD 875 
FOR arrest and conviction 
stole 1920 Buick 


street January 12. Notity Automobile Un- 
derwriters Detective Bureau, 401 Hurt bidg 
Atianta, Ga. 


$75—REWARD—$87 


98 
3238 or Ivy 7140, 


‘erences and previous ex- 


floor. Constitution building. 


WANTED — Five real 

salesmen to sell low- 
price trucks retail in At- 
lanta, on commission 
basis—big commission. If 
you can’t produce, don’t 
apply. Answer by letter 
only, giving age, ref- 


perience. Address Man- 
ager,“ 417 Whitehall St. 
WANTED | 
300 LABORERS, White 
or Colored. Our force 
is being increased rapidly 
and these men are needed 
at once. 
BOARD and lodging on 
job. Apply at once. 
TIMEKKEEPER 
ROSE BROS & CO. 


CAMP GORDON 


PRESSERS, 1 EXPERI- 
oe, $15 WEEKLY. 


COLORED CUOUKS, 
ENCED VALET, 
160% AUBURN AVE 
WANTED—‘Tech student who has knowledge 
of civil engineering and is good draf to- 
man to work in afternoons and Saturdays. 
To the right party, who will apply himself 
and learn the business, there is an oppor- 
hire 7 4 — during suin- 
and a graduation. beral Ad- 
dress H-620, Constitution. * 


SALES supervisor, of high character and 
better than average sales ability, to work 
with ud appoint salesmen, by com es- 
— eo ++ — years. a opportunity that 
not recur. ies confidential. 
Address ¥F-72, Constitut — 
ACCU RATE bookkeeper, familiar with ledger 
control system. State experience and last 
saiary. Address H-612, (Censtitution. 


YOUNG men for railway news service. 
ply Union News Co.. Terminal Station. 


AN experienced window dresser for depart- 
ment store. Give full particulars in 
application. Furchgott’s, Jacksonville, Via; 


an month, Become R. R. mail clerks, 
Write today. Franklin Institute, 
Dept. 8.5 Rochester, N. X. 
WANTED—Young man 18 to 20 to assist in 
special advertising work; must be neat 
appearing; experience unnecessary. A chance 
to travel and make good money at the same 
8 So, daily after 5 p. m Mr. A, 
B. Moore, Umot hotel. 


THE international Cortespondence Schools 
will train you for 1 * vou want. 27 
Arcade Building. Ivy 7538. 
Las—lif U have 2 hands — re will teach J. 
Earn and learn. Positio guaranteed. 
Adanta Barber College, 14 B. Mitchell. 
WANTED —First- class cylinder 
604 Chamber of Commerce Building. 


Bi a DETECTIVE—Excelient opportunity; 
pay; travel, — — C. T. Ludwig, 
Westover Bidg., Kansas City, Mo. 

SILVEUS’ glasses are good glasses. Repairs 
at pre-war prices. 19 South Broad Street. 
WANDD—Salesman calling on manufactur- 
ers and to sell our ts. as 
side line. Old manufacturer with estab- 
lished trade reputation; territory city of At- 
lanta. Address H-625, care Constitution, at 
once for interview with sales manager. 


WANTED—Young man experienced along 

credit and collection lines, with some 
bookkeeping knowledge at local branch of 
— known See. Phone Ivy 
2732 for appoin 


PRIVATE —— to railroad official 
wanted, Prefer single man between 24 
and 30, who is A-1 stenographer; have high 
school ‘education, be neat in appearance and 
thoroughly reliable. Good sala and splen- 
did connection. 200 Metropolitan Bldg. 


HIGH-CLASS man wanted for position as 

salcsmanager. Must unusual sales 
ability, thoroughly honest and dependable. 
Necessary to invest a least $3,000 in busi- 
ness and be able to take over complete 
management of business. If interested in 
making a worth-while conection see Man- 
ager, Spencer, Inc., 200 Metropolitan Bidg. 
OFFICE clerk wanted for immediate open- 

ing with large mfg. concern. Must be sin- 
gle man, write good hand and able to fur- 
nish gilt-edge references. 200 Metropolitan 
Building. 

WANTED—Two good collar cutters. Cot- 
trell Saddlery Company, Richmond, Va. 
WANTHD—50,000 men and boys at 40 Ma- 
rietta and 4 E. Mitchell street. Shave, 

100: haircut, 280. Best white workmen. 

WANT D— Two high-class specialty sales- 
men to work Atlanta and vicinity. Apply 

29 Peachtree Arcade 

WANTED—First class shoemaker on 50-50 
basis. Apply 384 Edgewood ave., or Main 

$492-W. 

OPERATOR—Must be able to care for ma- 
chine. Apply Daily Times, Florence, 8. C, 


HELP WANTED—femiale 


EXPERIENCED STENOGRA- 
PHER. APPLY IN OWN 
HANDWRITING, STATING 
AGE, EXPERIENCE, REF- 
ERENCES AND SALARY Ex- 
PECTED. ADDRESS H-578, 
CONSTITUTION. 


MIDDLE AGED white woman to care for 
two babies, to live in home, Hemlock 


FIRST CLASS stenogra part time. See 
Mr. Wilson, 157% Whitehail. 
WANTED—A reliable, tled, colored wom- 


an with references, to cook and live on 
place. Hemlock 1385. 
SPECIALS THIS WEEK—Henna or Inecto 

Hair Dyeing, $7.50; Retouching, $4.50 to 
$6.50; Electric Facial, $1; Scalp Treatment, 
$1; a 50c-75c; Curl, 805 Bob, 38e: 
Bob Curl „ $1; Making Doll Wigs. Randolph 
Beauty Parl — 58% W Whitehall Street. 
WANTED— Experienced rienced stenographer. Apply 
1121 Healey Building. 


Situation Want 


RCEFUL “AD WRITER ‘AND DI- 
MAIL SPECIALIST. ATLAN- 
ADDRESS er 

CONSTITUTION. 


REGISTERED druggist, college graduate, Ce- 
Box 1093, Auburn, Ala, 


sires position. Box 
EXPERIENCED — — 2 
nes — 


to make a cha 
PRINTER, several years’ experience, 


ak. 


out of Atlan of Atlanta. 
* — &. office preferred. * 


Constitution building. 


SPECIALTY SALESMAN 
WANTED—APPLY MR. 
RIDGWAY, 31-A. SOUTH 
BROAD STREET. 
WANTED—A FEW 

A ED SALES- 


ND EXPERIENC 
MEN TO COVER TERRITORY 
OF GEORGIA, FLORIDA, . 
BAMA, NORTH AND SOUTH 


|} CANDLER 


GEORGIA. 


ary first. Acdress H-613, Constitution. 
FRUIT TREE salesmen, profitabi 

business for hustlers. Write t A 

cord Nurseries, Dept. 88, Concord, Ge. 
WANT high-class salesman to work 


grocery 
Atlanta and vicinity. 442 Edgewood. 


WANTED—A ealesman with car for the 


City, Ok 
Help Wanted--Male, Female 


IF you are qualified and can hold & 2 

tion, call at 318 a build 

No fee charged, There 3 

tions of all kinds —— 

BRYAN-HATTON Coltege offers 

itions and training. Ivy 8787, Atlanta. 

LWAY mail ae stenographers, typ- 

ists, wanted government; examina- 

tions weekly; prepare at home, 

free list and paymen 

curing posi. CCS. in ‘chestnut St., Phila. 

JNO. W. JONES EMPLOYMENT re 

Si Auburn Ave., ig oldest and best 


th for colored help. Ivy 7885. 
TEACHERS 


ee degree teachers, J. A. 
Wr A. Wesley Memorial Bl. Atlanta. 


TEACHERS nat placed for — — 
G 
1131 Healey Bidg., Atlanta. 


are invited to confer with Mr. 
FOR SALE—Miscellaneous 


CAMP GORDON 
ROSE BROS. & CO. 


—— your vacant lots into income prü- 
u 


THE time to build is right now. Never 

agein will such an opportunity to build ate 
low cost nt itself. The building ma- 
terial we offer is just ag usable as nd- 
new. For dimension 4umber is even better 
as it ig well seasoned and bone dry. 


PUT idle money and idle men to wor 
With such prices as those below you cam 
not afford to delay building any longer, 


LUMBER 


DIMENSION lumber No. 1, long-leaft 
yellow pine, 2x4, 2x6, 2x8, 2x10, 
2x12 in specified lengths, per 
sand square feet 
COMMON boards, 
lengths, per thousand sq. feet 
— siding, s per thousand sq 


FLOORING’ per thousand eq 
DRESSED and matched, 
thousand square feet 
DRESSED and matched, 4-inch, per 
thousand square feet . 
—— 4-inch, per thousand . 


r thousand sq 


SHORT’ blocking, 
to 12-ft. lengths, 


6-INCH posts, 4- 
ch from 


MILL , WORK 


CLASS A DOORS, 8 cross panel, 
2-8x6-8 


x 
CLASS B DOORS, N. cross panel, size 
2-8x6-8 . . 


011 DOORS. 
SASH (10x15-6 2 outside 
nrement 84x34 inches, each 
DOOR AND FRAME, complete, set up, 
ctically new . . 
INDOW AND FRAME, 
with two 10x16-6 light sath, 
GARAGE DOORS, up from 
WALL BOARD, per 64. = ” 10, 
— BOARD, per thousand 
P —— In — 
SCREEN DOORS, 
STAIRWAY, complete eeeeee eee eeee@ * 
* 


3.78 


PAINTS 


HOUSE paint, * 2 all colora, 
1 22 white. or color card. Gal- 
on, . 4 


ROOFING 


NEW ROOFING—Slate surface, extra hea 
(red ee 108 oq. ft. to roll. Sat 

faction guaranteed, *— roll, $2.56. 

USED ROOFING—Heavy weight, 9 

. and re- rolled, 100 sq. ft. to roll, 


~ 


TOILET OUTFIT—Vitreous China Tank 
and bowl; ete 
WE have a 
ing and electrical — W. 
quick sale price. 


HOT AIR FURNACES—All leading 
makes, in excelignt condition. Worth 
from $85 to $175. Suitable for homes, 
—— bargain = . 18 80 
STEAM and Hot g e 
a w 1 

TERMS OF SALE—Cash with order, 

orders solic | 
= 


* 


INQUIRIES ANSWERED PROMPTLY | 
WRITE FOR COMPLETED CATALOG ®| 
CITY DELIVERIES ARRANGED | 


ROSE BROS. & CO. . 
CAMP GORDON 


HEMLOCK 5640. 
TAKE OGLETHORPE UNtvensrrr c 


. 


oe a „ r / / / nan i a” $4 
225 F Tete i's pte ae vee AS: > 8 E * 
; Sf thee * a a , “= = * > * : 
n fe ’ 7 
Bee $ 
* 


¥ 
* 
a. 


* 


~~ SOUTHERN TIRES 


SPECIAL, 
Three $10,000. New -Bricks 
North Side at $8,500 


REASONABLE cash payment. bal. monthly. 


2 $6,750. — 


BUY SOUTHERN TIRES „ 
. can aftord to bay them once and — if you feel they are worthy. 


3023 enn „„ „„ „„ ae 3013 5 Non-Skid eereaeeeaeeeee eee POEs . § 
— „ % „ „ „ „% „„ „ 6„ „ „% 
n „„ 70 


Good condition, new cord 


„ „„ % „„ „„%„%„„%„„%„%„% % „%% % „% „„ „„ „ „6 


tires. Will sell for price of 
tires or trade. 


111 S. FORSYTH ST. 


1918 BUICK “6” touring, new top, 
good tires, excellent mechanical 
condition. Only $400. 
FRANKLIN MOTOR CAR CO., 
94 W. Peachtree St. Ivy 2407. 
HUDSON sedan, wire wheels, 5 
good cord tires. excellent up- 
holstery, paint and mechanical 
condition. A real bargain, $759. 


FRANKLIN MOTOR CAR Co., 
94 W. Peachtree St. Ivy 2407. 


FORD COU 


8 

31 Non-Skid 60 

33x4 Non-Skid Seater „ „% „ „„ „% „ „„„„%„%„% % „% „% „% 75 

„„ „„ „„ „„ „„ „6 „6 3715 Non- x id rinnt 50 


Small cash payment, 


N15 


or Skid W seen e SBT ID 
en Rib or Skid .. 90 


et 


ONE and only one excellent 9-room, 2-story 
4 the Peachtrees, this side 


vannah-Albany .eos “1:50 am 
Macon 8 7:50 am 
— 7:80 pm 


pm 
eeeeoctes = pm 


WE have other sizes 


put—not 
lesa. 


tely priced. facurers’ 
job lote—and carry the regular warranty. We have seconds at considerably 


SOUTHERN TIRE SALES CO. 


278. PEACHTREE ST. 


home. 
66 LAVATORY, es Low bye 
VY 5480. 


CENTRAL PROPERTY 6 PER CENT. 
RESIDENCE PROPERTY TO 7 PER CT. FOR 8 YOUNG MEN. 
W. B. SMITH, 16. 
106 FOURTH NATIONAL BANK BLDG. Seg, scene — 5 — 
MONEY on hand for first mort- first-class board, zdf Peachtree. 8 


age real estate loans, payable | ATTRA all modern conven- 
| mont y. 1940. 


7 1-2 — ety limite, 
values in vacant Marbut & Mi- 
nor. Main S762. 


A. Graves ee r 


— PARE. 
tan 


M bungalow, near 
W. E. Perry. lv 

REAL ESTATE—Wanted | 
DRUID HILLS . HOME— HAVE ; 

ALL CASH AND WANT TQ 
BUY NOW. MUST BE WORTH bes} 
THE MONEY.. P. O. BOX 258. ; 
iP Ir You HAVE A WELI-LOCATED LOT 


THAT YOU WOULD SELL CHEAP FOR 

ge, CALL IVY . 

WE have rea buyers for small farms near 
Atlanta. List —- with us. Brotherton 

— N 250 @rcade bidg. Phone Ivy 


your for sale with 1 
en Candier E. | 

WANTED—Direct from owner, north side 

home, $6,000 to $9,000, all —_ = neces- 


Must have 4 bedrooms. Act quick, 
1.056. Constitution. 


REAL ESTATE—Sale, Rent 


room, private 


from 
TURNER-PASCHAL 
CTIVE room, 

Rate $2.16 on the hun- | _jences:_two_meals. West IVY 6973 
dred. Money here. No delay. 


BROWN-BEASLEY agree my ! 0 


Ivy 2051 DISTRESS 
$25,000 TO LEND for 3 years, on central | ROOM and board in private | 22 ity be lady OWNER must sell his beautiful 
with little girl 7 years ol er- 


AUTOMOBILES—For Sale | AUTOMOBILES—For Sale 
real estate or acceptapie ee at 6 3 ie. ote. Goal cream alow, ideally lo- 


HERE ARE SOME UNUSUAL VALUES — — 
IN USED TRUCKS yg a We Carson.” ais "stants 


GMC TON cHASSIs — 
or apply 249 meres, GMC 1-TON OPEN EXPRESS BODY, Cab and 
inno re F r —T... ̃ 40s 0h ce 55h ] ⅛ 
cash offer takes it.. e Constitution” GMC 2-TON CHASSIS ... „ „„ 
NEW core At lose than, manufacturer’ omt. MASTER 2-TON STAKE BOD PTTTPThh ..... 500.00 
FORDS NEW and used. H Prich- FEDERAL, 134-TON .CHASSIS: ...,.....ccessieses 50000 
ard Motor Co. West 2100. 


— FORD 1-TON STAKE BODY, Cab and Windshield, 
USED CARS “Co., 182 W. Peschtrer Pneumatic Tires FCC 
USED AN 


TIN Fer CAB) DODGE 1 A- TON OPEN EXPRESS and 4-Post Top. 200.00 
ORED TRUCK AND GAL oe mur | BUICK 1-TON OPEN EXPRESS and 6-Post Top... 200.00 
„ AUTOCAR 2-TON CHASSIS.. 250.00 


“i 


$5,500—6- ROO 
. nd ave. 


Seen 


ae 
23 


cated in best north side .neighbor- 
hood; steam heat hardwood floors 
and every modern convenience, His 
al * 2 is your oppor- 
— 1 = —— terms. 


381. 
CALHOUN COMPANY 


ences. A. B. 


BOARDERS WANTED 


CHOKCE rooms, heat, hot water, electricity; 
first-class meals, A real home. North side. 
Rates reasonable Hemlock 2887. 


ROOM and board for 2 young men. 93 
Porrest Ave. 


ROOMMATE WANTED 


ROOMMATE for yong man, 
steam heat. 481 Peachtree st. 


PE } 
EXCELLENT condition. Ivy 8035, 


W. O, a 
REAL ESTATE LOANS, 
1217 Cit. & Sou. Bank Building. 
QUICK leans made on Atlanta = Decatur 


real estate in sums from $500 —— 
T. B. Gay, 409 Trust Co. 4 * 
MORTGAGE loans and purchase money notes 
on Atlanta 1 cae Consult us. . 
COMPANY 


tablished since 
208 Atlanta Trust Co. Bide. 


~ 
an 


SESESRER 


376 E. NORTH AVE.—New Croom bunga- 
low, modern conys., hardwood floors, 
garage, ete. Owner, Main 4424. 


LIST YOUR PROPERTY WITH GEO. P. 
MOORE, 329 HEALEY BLDG. 


ee 


38882855 


rate beds, 
H. 1199-J. 


HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS 


S. B. TURMAN & 


SOUTH SIDE. 
INVESTMENT 19 3-10 NET 


WE have 2 negro apartment houses for sale 
that are paying 19 3-10 per cent interest 
on investment after de“ucting city, state 


HAVE money on hand to make real 
estate loans at current rates. Adair 
ty and Trust Co., Healey bidg., Atlanta. 
FUNDS on hand for loan 
money notes. A. F. Lie 
syth street, Real estate and 


ages 


— 


822 


PEEP ECEELEEEEE LET 


— 2 
SSR 


FURNISHED 
‘FURNISHED housekeeping rooms, all con- 


RERSESSSSSS 


23 1 
rs 


10:55 em — York x 


PASSENGER ——— 
4Arrives— GEORGIA RAILROAD. 45 75 


oo 
am. eeeee eee Mon eeeeeeeee 
Ghatieston-Wilmi 


14 
6: 50 a am... Augusta-Columbia ..+ 
{Daily except Sunda Sunday. §51 Sunday onl 


Clev., 
. Co HII Local „„ 8:30 pm 
11:30 am. aie to e+ 4:25 pm 
11:30 am Knoxville via — 4:25 pm 


vee— T., O. & ST. L. BY. 
00 pm. Nashville-Chattanooga, . 

10 pm... Chieago-St. Louis ... ae 45 am 
10 pm. — — 

30 am -Chattanooga— 

2830 am. Nashville-8t. Louies 8:30 pm 


1: 
7: 
5% 
0 
— 


FoR SALE—Miscellaneous 


FOR SALE—FLAT 
* NEWSPRINT PAPER 
*SUITABLE FOR SMALL 
PUBLISHERS AND JOB 
PRINTERS. THE PRICE 
43S RIGHT. P. O. BOX 
1731, ATLANTA, GA. 


5 PAY CASH 
BUY New Furniture for; 
less than the price of 
second-hand. Odd pieces 
\learance sale this week. 
THIRD FLOOR 
Furniture Exhibition 
Building 
Mather eh 
Hunter at Forsyth 
ONE LARGE IRON SAFE, 
SECOND-HAND, AT A 
SACRIFICE PRICE. 


MAIN MAIN 
3080. 3000. 


ee TI CBB TRUCKS and Selden service, 
Peachtree St. Ivy 6767. 


WE STORB, sell and ——— money on cars. 
Thomneon Bonded Warehouse. 455 P’tree. 


1919 FRANKLIN touring, 


real bargain. $1,050. 


94 W. Peachtree St. Ivy 2407. 


wire 
wheels, good cord tires, excel- 
lent condition mechanically. It’s a 


FRANKLIN MOTOR CAR CO., 


gia. Inc., 224 P 


USED CARS—Packard Enterprises of Geor- 
eachtree. 


Used Cars and Trucks 
FORD N. 


TON. 
1920 OLDSMOBILE TOURING. 


SMALL CASH PAYMENT. 
Balance Yonthly. 


15 CURRIER ST. 


CHALMERS touring, in good condition, 
Worth $800, Will sacrifice for $350. Mr. 
Cantrell, Ivy 6812. 


REAL BARGAINS 
IN 


USED CARS 


1919 Auburn Roadster 

1919 Chevrolet F. A. Touring 

1918 Buick 4 Touring „ebe 
1919 Chalmers Touring 
1919 Dort Touring 

1919 Maxwell Touring 


TERMS. 


JOS. G. BLOUNT 


385 PEACHTREE. IVY 4152. 


right. 


PHONE IVY 3136. 


clothes, why ride in a delapidated auto- 
mobile? We will trade you a rebuilt car 
for * difference than you can rebuild 


you 

1921 1 Speedster, completely — 
1921 Chalmers ‘Touring. Near new . 1. 975 
1920 Paige 6“ Sport. Save $2,100 . 

1920 gern Touring. New paint, 


WE carry a complete stock. 


a car to suit you here. The price is 
Terms can be arranged. 


M. HARRISON & CO. 


th’s Largest Used Oar Dealers. 
Bou 7 8-10 Ivy ST. 


DEAD BROKE. Must sell fon five- “passen- 


~ ger Paige today. Ivy 41 


Republic Truck Sales Corp. 


„„ 450 


YOU WOULD NOT wear a ehabby suit of 


$0X3% ORD casing $11.45. National Chain 
Tre Shops, Inc. e rarietta and Spring sts. 


~ OVERLAND 4 SEDAN 


THIS is one of the very _ eo models. It 
has 4 almost new tires and the paint 
and olstering ig in excellent condition. 
The hanical part is almost perfect. 
you want a real good closed car at a 


If 


shield 
WHITE 
shield ...... 


46-48 EAST NORTH AVE. 


WHITE 2-TON STAKE BODY, Cab and Wild- 


. 1,250.00 


2- TON STAKE BODY, ‘Cab and Wind- 


e %, 25000 


SOUTHEASTERN G. M. C. TRUCK CO. 


HEMLOCK 4212-4213 


cash. Must be sold. 
The Constitution. 


FOR SALE CHEAP 


SEVEN-PASENGER PATERSON 1920 

model touring car. Just been thorough- 
ly overhauled and repainted and has not 
been used since. Taken on debt and present 
owner has no use for it. Will sell cheap for 


Address H 567, care 


GARAGE AND REPAIRS 


11 8. FORSYTH STREET. 


| SERVICE STATIONS 


PPB BA PIPPI PPP PPPPDP PPP PP PP PPP PPD PD BP , ̃— PPP PPP PPP PP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP 
FIRST . ASS AUTUMOBLLE GENERAL REPAIR WORK—lIgnition and Carbu- 

* retor Work. 500 CARS STURAGE capacity—splendidly equipped 
wrecking truck—business operated 24 bours per day. 


Southern Auto & Equipment Co., Inc. 


MAIN 6156, ATLANTA. 


AUTO REPAIRING 
HICKS & MADDOX 


183 MARIETTA STREET. IXX 8514 

AUTO STORAGE. — 

STORE your car at Ivy Street Garage. 37-39 
Ivy street. 


BUSINESS CHANCES 


DRUG STORE, prescrip- 

tion department, doing 
good business; one of the 
best locations on the south 
side. Act immediately if 
you want this place. 


Phone Ivy 8771. 


PRIVATE hotel or rooming house, 30 rooms 
completely and splendidly furnished. Eight 
baths. Very centrally located. Long lease 
and cheap rent. Alwäys full best class 
trade. ge $3,500, part cash. Great bar- 
 . C. A. Forsyth, 102 Central Bidg. 
fain 2882. . 


SEEDS AND PLANTS 


ES AND PLANTS. 


EMPIRE NURSERIES 


“EVERYTHING THAT GROWS” 
32 F. HUNTER. Ivy . Fruits and shade 
trees, pot plants, bulbs. Cut flowers. 


DRESSMAKING 


—ͤ— . PLP PP PLP LLLP, 
DRESSMAKING, designing, remodeling: also 


spring suits and coats. 


Beautiful work. 
Reasonable. 


Hemlock 4491-W, 


MONEY TO LOAN 


— —äöẽö—— .... 8 ennn* nnn 
GET A BENEFICIAL 
| LOAN 


WE LEND MONEY ON NOTES 
Or home furniture without removal, to 
ae persons, having steady jobs; also 
to property owners: no pawns: loans 
up to $3800, repayable in 8 to 15 monthly 
instalments, or as desired: 
only, based on unpaid balances for actual 
time due. 
req I «by business men: 
spit.t of service; very 
strictly confidential and courteous deal 
a safe place to rrow; new 
welcomed: privacy guaranteed; quick serv- 


conducted in «a 
fair and hel — 


legal charges 
This Society is financed and di- 


— 


FIRST and second mortra 
Smith, 313-14 Palmer bids. Ivy 4270. 


WANTED—MONEY 


MONEY WANTED—Bight per cent loans on 

hand for sale. Security 3 to 5 times 
amount of loan. Write for full details. Hol- 
land Realty Co., Inc., Marietta, Ga 


LIBERTY BONDS 


BEST prices paid for Liberty 
West, 318 Atianta National. 


bonds. H. F. 


veniences. 206 Spring street, 
FURNISHED rooms 4 42 housekeeping 
in center of city. Forsyth street. 
TWO, 3 er 4 corner = private entrance 
and bath, sink, etc. Owner, H. 702-J. 
ROOM, sleeping porch and kitchenette; all 
conveniences; private home. Hemlock 2853. 
74 FORREST AVE., nice room, housekeeping 
privileges, nice neighborhood; walking dist. 
FURNISHED rooms, kitchenette. 23 Wash- 
_ ington street, 
TWO furnished pousekeeping rooms, private 
home; all conv; 58 Dunn street, West End. 
TWO large hkpg. rooms, owe. furn., sink, 
garage. M. 4389-W. ashington. 


STOCKS AND BONDS 


$4,000 WORTH common capital stock in 

Rentz Spark Plug Co., Inc., for $2,000 if 
taken in next few days. Reply Box 666, 
Atlanta Constitution. 


: INSURANCE 


CLIFF O. HATCHER Ins. Agency, insur- 
ance, loans, bonds. 222-227 Grant Bidg. 
Ivy 1971-2. 


BLTTY & GLENN — Insurance, all kinds. 
1417 Citz. & Son. Rank bide. Tel. I. 7381 


HORSES AND VEHICLES 


FOR SALE—Horses, mules, wagons. buggies 
and harness for sale. Sign Hudson’s Sta- 
bles, 190-196 E. Hunter St. Main 4071. 


HORSES, mules, farm wagons and harness. 
Vittur H Horse and Mule Co,, 454 Marietta st. 


APARTMENTrS Wanted 


FURNISHED 


WANTED—For about 3 months, first-clasa, 
furnished apartment, 3 or 4 rooms, north 
side. P. O. Box 1242. 


ONE or. two rooms and kitchenette, all con- 
venlences reasonable. Address H-621, Con. 


DESK SPACE—For Rent 


NICE desk space for rent reasonable, 
Austell Bldg. Ivy 5920. 


810 


WAREHOUSE—For Rent 


WAREHOUSE with R. trackage 12,500 

square feet, steel * — no columns, 
making ideal display rooms, Fitzhugh Knox 
& Sons, 1208 Candler Building. 


F OR REN T—Stores 


FOR RENT 
STORES 


** * 


60 S. FORSYTH, 20x80 ....Cheap 
401 EDGEWOOD AVE., 25x70 . 850 
PEACHTREE ST.. near North Are.» 


TWO furnished rooms light housekeeping. 
317 Grant street. Main 4800-W. 

ONE living room, kitchen, with all conv.; 
private home. 280 Ormond street. 


UNFURNISHED. 
ENTIRE downstairs, 4 rooms, with all conv. 
Newly papered and painted. 220 E. Fair st. 


FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED 
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping 
rooms; hot water, elec. 82 Garnett st. 


Housekeep Rooms — Wanted 


TWo or three rooms for light housekee mY 
Good location; reasonable, Address 1427 
Constitution. 


ROOMS—For Rent 


FURNISHED 


PEACHTREE INN 371 1,7268 


Commercial and family hotel. Hot water, 
steam heat. $3 to $5 week, 750 to $1.50 day. 
THE ADOLPH 22035, lb 
date. Price 330. 
$35, $40. 10% East Harris street. Ivy 8887. 
GATE CITY Bor iin sito 
heated rooms, $3.50 
per week and up. 108 * South Forsyth St. 
ATTRACTIVE FRONT ROOM, ADJ. BATH; 
FUR. HEAT; NO. SIDE HOME. I. 3170-J. 
ROOM for one or two gentlemen; attractive 
north side apt. Hemlock 2050. 
RIDLEY COURT, 61 Forrest ave., nicely 
furnished, large front room; steam heat, 
all conveniences; gentlemen only. Refer- 
ences. Ivy 357-J. 
NICE, comfortable furnished room. All con- 
veniences, with private family ye — 
Peachtree, near 11th. Call Hemieck 3600 
NICELY fur. rooms for business man or wom- 
an; conv.; 401 Capitol ave. Main 2980. 
NICELY furnished room for 1 or 2 gentle- 
men; close in; steam heat; conv. to 
Ivy 4068. 
186-A FORREST AVE. 7 Het, 
room With priväte family. 
electric lights. $20. Ivy 512 
64 FORREST AVE. Tarte front room; 
private bath; steam heat. Ivy 2782. 
83 FORREST AVE.—Nice large room with 
bath: steam heat. Ivy 4781. 
NICELY furnished rooms, with or without 
board. Pre-war prices. Hemlock 2832. 
665 PEACHTREE ST. Attractive front room 
_ adjoining bath. Steam heat, H. 2714. 


891 P’TREE 


furnished 
hot water, 


gia Bldg. 


and county taxes; also sanitary tax, and 
after allowing 2 per cent on investment, for 
depreciation. These houses are in splendid 
condition, well built on a level lot on cor- 
ner, brick foundation, well painted, 

roof. There are 8 apartments, each having 
bath, toilet and sink. ice $8,500 cash. 

SEE MR. STAFFORD 


LANE & WATSON 


24 WALTON STREET. 


HOME BARGAIN 


$4,750—SEVEN-ROOM house, good condi- 
tion, = 1 lot 550x200, on car 
line. cash, $35 month. 


DOLVIN & THOMPSON 


IVY 5693. 1426 CANDLER BLDG. 


53883 WOODWARD AVE.—Six-room house; 
good lot. A bargain. Call Ivy 2023. 


SOUTH SIDE—I offer one of the most mod- 
ern, up-to-date homes on Washington st. 
for $9,000; $2,500 cash. Perfect condition. 
Everything to 12 Worth 315,000. E. L. 
Harting, 815 Bidg. Ivy 5324. 


HUMES on easy payments, without mort- 


gage. „ D. Beatle, 207 Trust Co. of 
Georgia Bidg. Ivy 2811. 


SUBUEBAN. 


SANE PRICES 


SIX- ROOM bungalow, good as new, all city 

conveniences, 200 feet car line. Price 
. Easy terms. 

FOUR ROOM house, 3 Dlocks car line. Price 
$1,000. rms $100 cash, $20 per month. 

SIX- ROOM. dwelling, 1 block car line, lot 
80x190. e $2,500. Terms $500 cash, 

$25 per * 


R. F. THOMPSON 


PHONE EAST POINT 286. 


AT EAST LAKE—Four rooms and sleeping 
porch, nice lot, with fruit, $4,000. Owner 

will sell furniture with house, if desirad. 

H. M. Ashe & Co., Healey bidg. 1 


FOR SALE—By owner, twelve-acre truck 

farm seven miles from Atlanta on rock 
road, half mile from car line; good house 
and branch on place. Phone E. P. 424, or 
Box 108, College Park, Ga. 


40 ACRES 10 miles Five Points; 8-room 

house, near Gilmore Station, * etta car 

line; terms. Dairy, chicken, hog, t ck farm, 
Trust Co. Ga. Bldg, Ivy 1482. 


ACREAGE—Forty acres, three houses at Ed - 

na Station, Seaboard Air Line railroad, 
near Marietta car line, at Oakdale Station, 
two good truck farms, 203 Trust Co. Geor- 
Ivy 1482. 


VACANT LOTS. 


DESIRABLE north side lot, one-half block 
Boulevard, 3 blocks North Avenue school. 
Hemlock 4427. 


your property 
We get results. M. C. 
WILL pay cash for 6-room bungalow north 
side, "net over $8,000. Call Main 2882. 


: 
LIST with us, sale or rent... 
Kiser, Candler Bids. . 


Real Estate—Sale, cha 


WILL trade equity in 

good building lot for 
good used car. Lot on 
paved street, with all im- 
provements; facing car 
line. Call Mr. MeCoy, 
Ivy 93. 


LARGE north side corner lot in good loca- 
tion and suitable for duplex or ey 

to trade for small home of 5 or 

(brick preferred) around $8,500, North 22 

son or Boulevard preferred. 

Also semi-central lot on south side suitable 
for two stores, valued $3,000, to trade tor 
bungalow or renting property not over $10,- 
000. List your property with us for sale 
or trade. E. M. Ashe & Co., Healey Bldg. 


FARM LANDS— For ARM LANDS—For Sale- 


WEST GEORGIA farme are cheapest. Write GEORGIA farms are cheapest. Write 
West Georgia Land Co., Douglasville, Ga, 
COBB COUNTY FARMS—Marietta city prop- 
erty. Send for list. Holland Realty Co., 
Inc., Marietta, Ga. 


SEVERAL choice investments in 


Atlanta 

property to exchange for large farms in 
south Georgia and Florida. Agents and 
owners please mail us description. Will co- 
operate. Hollis Realty Co. Ivy 63863. 228 
Peachtree Arcade, 


DIRECTORY 
OF 
ATLANTA 
REAL ESTATE AGENTS | 


— COMPANY. 
Metropolitan B Ivy 381, : 
REAL ESTATD ‘oa _ sold by Chas. 


Cone Realty ce 
BE wT 
Real Bade ＋ See 
30 1 101 2 


* 


—— 
— 


J. & SONS, 
35 WALTON STREET. 
* 
e 


CARSON Real estate sale or * 
anged. Empire Bide. 


_Unf. Apartments—F or Rent 


Unf. Apartments—For Rent 


Apartments---Reduced Rentals 


HAVING decided to meet the present conditions of affairs, I have matee | 


9. 7 


rially reduced the rentals on my five apartment buildings, owned and 


— 


— 
A 
Cd * 


ice; hours 9 to 5:30. Saturdays 9 to 1. 
Call, write or phone, Ivy 6-5-5-0. . 


BENEFICIAL BROAN SOCIETY 


420 PALMER BUILDING 
Marietta and Forsyth Streets. 
Licensed by Superintendent of Banks. 
Member of Atlanta Chamber of Commerce, 


remarkable bargain be sure and come by or operated by me personally. 


phone for a demonstration. 


WILLYS-OVERLAND, Inc. 
USED CAR DEPARTMENT. 
451 Peachtree Street. Hemlock 2062. 


LA ¥3 FUR BUSINESS 
LIGHT OOTS opportunities. 
[Ask for list.) 2-4 North Pryor St. I. 7044 
I WANT TO RENT OR BUY OUT SMALL 

ROOMING HOUSE, PARTLY FURNISH- 
ED: NORTH SIDE. J. E. BEAN, 233 
W. ASHINGTON, APT. 3. MAIN 5419-W. 


DRUG STORE for sale, either whole or in 
part. Splendid up-to-date town; opportu- 
nity north Georgia. Address F-77, care 


Constitution. 


GROCERIES and meats, splendid location, 
doing a nice business. Stock will invoice 
about $900. Fixtures, $500. 


DOLVIN & THOMPSON 


IVY 5693. 1426 CANDLER BLDG. 


— —— — 


Wanted — Security Salesmen 

BROKER OR BANKER—To underwrite or 

sell part or all of issue preferred and 
common stock financial corporation, now op- 
erating, paying quarterly dividends.. Money 
needed for increased business. Profitable, 
permanent connection offered on completion 
of placing this issue and liberal compen- 
sation while doing so, or will sell issue out- 
right, letting buyer arrange redistribution. 
Call Mr. Carrington, Ansley Hotel, for ap- 
pointment. 


20x80 

207 PEACHTREE ST., 

178 WHITEHALL, corner Garnett, 
20x90 $2 street for gentleman. $20. 


233 HOUSTON Sr., 15x40 .... LARGE front room, furnace heat, modern] THE buildings are: 
TERS ST. A real store, conveniences, 345 W. P’tree St. H. 4272-J.| VIRGINIAN, 1010 Peachtree Street, corner Fifteenth Street. 


20x60 
456 COURTLAND ST., 42x160, $150 I you want to share nice, large room with | KNOX, 1168 Peachtree Street, near Eighteenth Street, 
MONEY AT LEGAL RATE 25 W. PEACHTRED ST., 12330 rere RANFURLEY, 883 West Peachtree at Pershing Point, 


ON Liberty Bonds, I i , arate beds, Hem. 2140-W. 
nthe Bargain. CHTRED ‘et. bo TST Peachtree, Street. 1291 PEACHTREE STREET, just finished. 


ad all Personal Pro 283 W. 737 Peachtree Street. 
| DEVONSHIRE, 115 East Third Street, between Piedmont “Avenue and 


SOUTHERN SECURITY CO. $125. ONE unusually desirable, pretty room, 3 
Juniper Streets. 


215-16 ATLANTA NAT. BANK BLDG. CORNER Georgia Ave. and Fraser windows, private bath; 8 40 
2 STORES, 136 and 188 Whitehall St. 1 


ö 

1 

0 

g 

' 

SECOND FLOOR. PHONE IVY 8131. Street, 20x50 W. North avenue. Hem . 
: 

23 

CANDLER BUILDING. 

2-story store with basement and loft. 61 ) 
' 

“a 

* 

1 


WEST P’TREE, near 3d, private residence, 
H, 4288. 


large front room. Meals conv. MY prices are three rooms, $57.50; 4 rooms, $67.50; 5 and 6 rooms, 
| ATTRACTIVE steam-heated — we 8th $70 to $100. 


PHONE IVY. 99, 75 WAL 
TON STREET. 


DIXIE GOV'T STORE 


245 MARIETTA ST. 
STOVES, an ideal heater for the home, 
has seen slight government service but 
in perfect condition. This stove is prae- 
tically a gift at the price of $6. 
72 0. D. wool blankets, brand-new, average 
f 


_ WANTED—Autos 


weight 5 s., 82.9 
Field shoes, ‘government surplus, $1.90. 
Other bargains. Catalogue free. 
MAIL ORDERS FILLED. 
FOR SALE, BARGAIN — Medium 
size Herring safe; interior well 
| frranged. Apply No. 413 Candler 
Building. 


BARBED WIRE 


finches apart; new; overnment surplus 
stock, palnted black; 40 rodg to roll; worth 
$4: our price only $2.25, Send money with 
order. Satisfaction guaranteed or money re- 
{ynded. Stein & Co., 1 Grant St., Atlanta. 
COAL 57 a coal yard, Best lump 
W. A. Harvill, Main 1262. 
$180 Wie case, 3 sections, 20 ft., 
condition, $50. Ivey, I. 2350, H. 3028 - 
¥OR SALE—Table with lower shelf, 6x2% 
kt. also men’s clothes. Hemlock 1324, 
s Hark barber shop, doing pose business. 
< Apply J. C. Barber, Ft. McPherson. 
NEW and used scales for every. purpose, 
Toledo Scale Co., 103 Marietta. 
SQUARE piano, good condition, $22.50. Peo- 
ples Furniture Co., 126 Decatur street. 
$65 STEEL riveted oil tank with measuring 
pump, $20. Ivey, Ivy 5538, Hem. 3026-J. 
50.00 SET Scrippe- -Booth fenders, all for 
87. 50. Ivey, Ivy 2850 res., Hem. 3025-J. 
{a -GAL. Bowser inside gaso, pump, mp, $75. 
Ivey, I . 5538, residence, Hemlock 8025- 
fie CU RTIS air compressor outfit for 25 
5 Ivy 5588; residence, Hemlock 3025-J. 


PRACTICALLY new cash register, show Fe 
and meat slicer. Bargain. 59 W. Mi 


LOANED ON 
AUTOMOBILES 
10 W. HARRIS 
STREET 


bath. $4 each per wk. Pri. home. W. 599-J. 
PONCE DE LEON—Attractive, sunny room, 
new apt., for refined gentleman, Hem- 
lock 5159-X°L. 
20 -CARNEGIB WAY. APT. C—Very excel- 
lent fur. room for gentlemen; heat, bath. 


512 MARIETTA ST., 
ON HOUSEHOLD GOODS and pianos at le- 


J. R. Smith & M.“ 8. Rankin 
gal rates without removal. 6644 N. FORSYTH ST. 
CITIZENS’ LOAN CO. 
Ivy soos, 201 PETERS BLDG. 


ON diamonds, valuables, Liberty bonds, ete | 
Any amount. 8 Peachtree street. 


FOUR points 
about three 


LOANS—$24 TO $300 142 MARIETTA . 20x90 ..Cheap | GHNTLEMEN—Steam heat, twin beds, conn. 
E. Ala. St. Quick possession. Geo. W. SP ECIAL OFFERINGS 


FUR UNFURNISHED 
— e,, e 150) e PEACHTREE ROAD APARTMENTS 
BUSINESS C ARDS BUSINESS c ARDS : who can furnish the best of references and who have not more than one 


LARGE front room, elec. lights o170. wa- child (under 3 or over 12 years of age), we have been authorized to offer one or two 
ANY FIRM—ANY SERVICE 


ter; reasonable rent. Phone room apartments, in one of the most attractive buildings on Peachtree Road at an ex- 
LOOK FOR THE HEADING denoting the particular service or article 


tremely moderate rental. 
Call on us at once and arrange to see them. 
8. B. TURMAN & CO. hey 
you desire. Or better, read each of them and get many sugges- 
tions as to household and business conveniences that you are now 
doing without simply because it has never occurred to you that the 


208-8 ATLANTA TRUST co. BUILDING | IV 7055. 
HOUSES—F or Rent HOUSES—F or Rent 

FULTON FURNITURE CO. services offered were so easily to be commanded. 

18-18 B. MITCHELL. Sr. MAIN 1173. * A DAILY FEATURE. 


UNFURNISHED E ——~—S a. 
e g 
Roofing Contractors Roofing Contrac completel 
y furn., 
2 i 8 tors. ä distance. Owner, 21 Central ave. 
Main 4424. 
second 
If you contemplate roofing, phone Ivy 4695. porches; all conveniences * 


REMOVAL NOTICE AA cat ie cat Rew oto, 38 Sek apereut a 
9 — Sublease Feb. 1 to Sept. 1. 
ELABORATED ROOFING 00. 


$65 per month, Hemlock 6230-J. 
— ~ ALL kind bi 
ARCADE SHOE REP Eg s plum — welt © epectal- 
BETTER shoe _ repairing u 2 ty. Reasonable rates. Ivy 4977. 
prices. Ivy 6100. 41 , ee, Bidg. MATTRESSES RENOVATED. 
ELEVATOR REPAIRS. EMPIRE MATTRESS sg — a and 


WOODS ELEVATOR SERVICE N. n renovated. Ivy 
Day phone M. 8788; night M. 2290- 


GARAGE—For Rent 


water and lights, a off 
5045. 1313, 


NICE garage, 
P’tree, 75 K. 17th street. I. 


RADIATOR REPAIRING 
Atlanta Radiator Co. 


RADIATOR, fender, body and lamp work. 


Satisfactory service. 
288 EDGEWOOD AVB. BELL IVY 7434. 
MILAM 


~COFIELD & 


Radiator, Fender and Body Work. Also fur- 
nace experts. 301-803 Marietta St. I. 2486. 


American Auto Radiator Co. 0 808. 
\34 W. HUNTER ST. MAIN 1150. cure PRYOR. MAIN 3978. 


AUTO BODIES FOR SALE OE ag Fm gg 


‘to 
98 planes, ete,, call Ivy 1646, 
HOUSEHOLD goods bought by Central Auc- 
FORD coupe, late model, $375; also sedan, - 
roadster and touring car bodies. H, A. 


tien Co., 10-12 F. Mitchell M. es, 
Whitmire, 41 Noreross_St.. West 1256. 

RBOTSLES ALL kinds of be 176. 

: — 


SILVEUS’ glasses are irs 
MOTORCYCLES 
ond-hand bottles and A 


good g. Repa 
_at pre-war prices. 19 South “Broad Street. 
cans. I Bottle Supply Co., 162 Peters SPECIAL PRICES on two 22 model K. 
Street. Ivy 8733 Hend monstra 


tor 
100% MARVEL 42, Az as 


APARTMENTS—F or Rent 


WANTED — Miscellaneous 
25% MORE MONEY 


your used furniture. 


Get the Cash. 


ww — 


IVY 1860. 


FURNISHED 
LARGE front room, kitchenette, sink, bath, 

furnace heat, elec. Everything furnished; 
oh 3 car lines. Kirkwood; phone Dec. 174 
ATTRACTIVELY fur., 4room home, with 

owner; sep. entrance: $60. 330 Spring st. 
FURNISHED 6-room b „ sub-lease, north 

side desirable; immediate possession, Ad- 
dress H-624, Constitution. 


4 ROOMS downstairs, — 45 bath — 


0 


6-R., 1123 Peachtree road, apartment: 
furnace heat 
5-R., 15 Hood St., duplex 


5-R., 5 Glennwood, apt., 


East North Ave., nouse. 50.00 
R., 90 Orange, 2d floor fla . 
25 Oliver St., 
123 Wellington, house 
ive — Drexel St., Decatur, . * 


4 R., 3 8 Ave., d- floor flat. 
4 R., 312 Rawson St., apt. ateam heat 42:50 
6-R., 24 E. Boulevard, Kirkwood, fur- 

mace heat ...... 466% 660 cesses 7.00 


E. RIVERS REALTY CO. 


SECOND FLOOR PALMER BUILDING. PHONE IVY 3068-64. 


FOR RENT—Business Space FOR RENT—Business Space 


UNFURNISHED 
BEAUTIFUL DRUID, 
LEON AND HIGHLAND AVE. 
SIX ROOMS AND SUN PARLOR. 
POSSESSION FEBRUARY 1. 
HEMLOCK 1225-W. 
4-ROOM , all conveniences 
ily. land. Ivy 


MS, ba . 
Stakes shades. Grant Park. 


PATENT ATTORNEYS 


PRPPPBPPPPPPPPPPP ̃ PP PPP PP PPP PPD ILO 
OUR PRACTICE has extended over a period 
ears. All communications strietiy 


Prompt, efficient, en- 
ryvice. Hand k free on 
MUNN & CO., PATENT ATTORNE 8. 


models, elec- 
2 model 8.“ 21 

implies. 
Dot an Electric Vacuum Cleaner, = trouble- Castle Cycle & Motor Co., At- 


n r r eee 
Building. Storage an co 13 ona ~# — — at = oe right 
WH HAVE a latge supply of U. 8. army’ | REPAIRING SERVICE. J. 

FURNITURE—For Sale 


' field or heavy work shoes that we are go- 7 N * Everything 
Ing to sell at the above price. These shoes O BRIEN aa — red, 15 or me- 
1: 
chiffonters. Other things. chanical: no Job ts to smelly none 
pt. " 


ROOF REPAIRING. te fam- 


Mooney a eusrantee. E. 1000 


“GOAL AND WOOD. iny 


B. MORGAN, best in town. Main rtment north side, reasonable; 
_East | Hunter and Fraser Streets. no [ Hemlock 1158. 


. 6-rom | 
HEATING AND PLUMBING. BEAUTIFUL np ae J * * 


AMERICA PLUMB 1 “So. co. | WITH — — — entrance and 

WE , bath, References Adults pre- 
ferred. West 1811. 

MODERK heated apt., all convenientes. 


ain 3408. 


Arcade Stores and Display Rooms 


AVAILABLE FEBRUARY 1—Retail and seml-retail spaces on our 
Wall street level. Advertising window fronts. 2 

OCCASIONAL SHOP OR OFFICE to right class business on Peachtree” 
and Balcony levels. 


PEACHTREE ARCADE—ROOM 200 
MONEY ON REAL ESTATE | MONEY ON REAL ESTATE 


LOANS ON REAL ESTATE 


Unlimtied funds for first mortgages on business prop- 
erty, residences, new and old. Farm lands. All loans 
appraised and closed promptly. 


ADAIR REALTY & T RUST CO. 

TYPEWRITERS 1 RROOVER, soets aad step, leaks. Mack „ | ne 2 Mortgage Loan Department sha 
3 * EAI. ESTATE—For Sale REAL ESTATE—For Sate 43 
FIVE-ROOM [ BUNGALOW ON GRAHAM ST. 


Henderson. 
ante. Ga. 


KEEP 
MOVING 


amet * and other heavy work. ae 
Main 5248-3, day or night. eet, 


ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS. 
BRYAN ELECTRIC CO. 


PEALERS IN NEW AND ~~ ELECTRIC 
MACHI op 


BEDS, dressers, 
49 Washington St., third floor 


BEDS, gas range, heater, art 
chairs, refrigerator, etc. Cheap. 
leaving city. 12 Ponce de Leon Place. 


THE FANCIERS’ DEPT. 


2 POULTRY. 
ALE—A-1 bargain electric incubater, 
2 — chickens and elec- 


; WaNT=D. 
WANTED — Trained pointer 
or setter dog or.registered 
bitch. Must be good, and a 
bargain. G. H. L., 608, Consti- 


tution. 
* 


. IB GOv'r STORE, 

— Marietta 8 st. Atlanta, Ge. 

- NB colonial sewing table, one aeolian 

I vocalion u excellent condition. Call Mra. 

Witt, Hemlock 8497, or apply 588 Peachtree. 

* BOWSER pump (visible measuring attach- 
tye and as new, half price. 210 Wal- 


a Pease hi 


- * 
* ae 

18 5 Pr: 7" em oe Sgt 5 * ‘ * ‘ . * N a . . . : 5 

2 2 ; n 1 bap e aa Pri ih ae. n 833 4 ” * arm * . ‘ K 1 * * 
ee nek anes N e ¥ n bys 5 ae ay * N E ie a : 5 1 n 3 Kren r ie ome et ae) oY aie oc vn ae 8 grt 
wehbe. n Seca oa ey a . Pee 3 e * e a N x: „ Ss Sh ARR FRI a 2. r ET os es rer SNe Me Nee gs Se ta i 

? * ö Ve = 1 1 1 — 7 Loe * N a * * — + 4 5 3 Rak = Bee L Mer Se 8 „ 2 no ne 12 ns 2 es 2 2 " 
A : f : 


a i e wh, ogee 
4 1 


parts, Atlanta Phonograph Co., 

rn Ivy 3380. 

NATIONAL cash registers, new and second 
hand. Al — $75 up. 


all iring, building and 
lmncrete work. Ivy 1138. J. E- 


Med" n 
1 a 4 * 
Ne 6 5 


— „ Sr ae 
- 


CATHCART 


BUY FROM 
CITY COAL CO. 


AND SAVE MONEY. 


n 

ca 

Co... Peachtree . 

3 SEE 0 
— $35. 


— 

— So- 
overha 

—— * 322 


. * 
— Ml — 


2 P ee 
Mur ders 5 20 0 


1. Aad Tries to Flee 


” DIST iat Nin Police Auto| 


| The Good Shi New: York, January 18—Will H. Exciting Chase Follows, Ste- | Sock Geena becker and 
nion by the war department of nine p drut sulting in Chief Bagg E 


75 ; ait training centers, one in each | ‘ 5 . tion Pieture * rmation recei from 
5 %% ² ůààu;e— mstanict aie Marc «| Reenininin Cer. | (Gre metas anlar] 
“special camps, was recommended today at Which as — 5 — 5 ve is sa ve 
: postmaster general was J 18.—(8 tak 
a Cargo Is Nabbed Camilla, Ge... January f. taken 


“by General Pershing, chief of staff, the guest of a group of motion pic- : nl Wal- 
—Af rdering Steve Wil- When the indictment against al- 

‘at a hearing before the house military ture officials. Mr. Hays’ formal res- cial.) * me ker was returned by the grand. jury, 

ignation from President Harding 6 g | liams, a well-known aged negro, late he was‘a prominent oil field pro- 


General Pershing recommended re- Is Laden With Fine Liquers, sabinet will be presented soon, it was last night, Eddie Singleton, colored, moter at San Antonio, Texas, and at ind net Used in Constitution 


8 ili f said. attempted to steal an automobile be- the instance of authorities here Gov- | schoo Wi , ; 
5 oe ya tn oon gagd training centers Now in Hands of the Mr. Hays announced that he had longing. to Chief of Police W. H. ernor Thomas W. Hardwick made , v 88 : Paszle Contest 


, 2 
signed a contract which makes him : requisition on Governor Pat M. Neff 
Camp Devens, Mass; Dix, N. J.; Government. executive head of the organization. | Bags, according to evidence submitted — his extraditior to Hancock coun- | uty Collector Walter Dodd In th 
His salary, reported as tentatively to a coroner’s jury, which returned a/ ty to stand trial on the indictment. minute exami mn of the liquor * n the 
fixed at $150,000 a year, uh 1 not an- verdict today charging the black with Is Arrested. 


Savannah, Ga., January 18.—(Spe- ee * of this gas- murder. Walker was arrested by the sheriff 


“lead, Ad.; McClellan, Als. ;~ Knox, ; 
Kr.; Custer, Mich. ; Fort Riely, Kan.; 


4 Travis, Texas, and Lewis, Wash. f a b 5 
As supplementary camps for mobil- | eial.)— While the captain was ashore | . ciation will be to attain and main-| Williams was en route to Camilla of Bexar county, Tex ' 2 


. . . graphie request from : i 
ion ining of national rd, | endeavoring to dispse of his cargo, | tain the highest possible standard mo- with a load of wood when Singleton b 33 ees 
= enge. f Ao f ee, wee a, it is alleged, and the crew of five men tion picture production and to de- js alleged to have struck him with an e e 6 the pore Monday were members of the pe 8 * . United 
reserve units and spe — ments, were all asleep early today, the auxil- velop to the highest degree the moral axe, almost severing his neck. courts in San Antonio when the requi- The schooner Tell has n missing terion. 
_ the general urged retention of Camps eres. and educational value of the indus-- g ee : sition is; which had left Sparta Biloxi for th k ra. |. She. Webster’a New. ‘Interactions! 
Upton, N. X.; Lee, Va.; Jackson, S. iar schooner, Polly, laden with nearly try, Mr. Hays said Singleton "then came to Camilla, it | öy registered mail from the Hancock | ing to dispatches from Wat city, but | Dictionary is sold in the Southeastern 
* 4.7 + . 8 4 re K . je 1 : : 5 1 

C.; Sherman, Ohio; Grant, III.; Pike, five hunred cases of fine liquors of va- I believe in the earnestness and in- is stated, where he jumped in the au county sheriff, were alleged to hape was seized here in Fowl river and States "hel Starry, 370 Spring 
Ark., and Dodge, Iowa. rious brands, valued at a sum between | tegrity of their determination to car-| tomobile of Chief Bagg and fled. An | been intercepted in the mail and fail- three men found on board put under | Street. l Hemiock 141. 

a Plan Consolidation. forty and — r a4 2 Se 2 ae ipilitt Bere - coer ee exciting chase followed, resulting in ed to reach their e 4 arrest. Five hundred cases of whisky | —(adv.) 
af’ was Captured by ‘ed r th need OF TAC Pon , ry large | the negro's capture. A pocketbook con- Governor Hardwick issued second] were found in the marshes near by 
The w department's program, pars FS dese! accompani 7 unc e plans and success fu ‘ consummation. taining $2.50, found on his person, was extradition papers on Governor Neff and confiscated by county authorities. 
eral Pershing said, calls for the Cham My service will begin immediately aft- identified as property of the murdered tor Walker's extradition as soon as it —— HAT real honest- to 


The Yawl, her crew and the valus- er March 4, next.” was brought to his attention that ay dl | 
solidation at Camp Bragg, N. C., of ble cargo were brought to Savannah A statement issued by the producers — original papers had miscarried. goodness smothered 
Z erer | RT Se eae eke Extradition Granted. N dicken is on the D 
r waiting the return of her commander, | ability to “direct the industry to its . | chicken 
E. Fort at least, of the artillery school who is said to. be Captain Rob — shake of * 4 in the J ad f y E xcus ed These were sent direct to Austin IS on e Waiio- 


Fort Sill, Okla. During the com- Carlson. ; ion of toda and tomorrow.” from Governor Hardw ick’s office, and i dil S 750 lunch toda ; and 

g summer, the committee was told, The vessel had been loaded at Nas- W public will find we will fol- upon them extradition was granted, IN . am on m a 4 
‘tthe artillery school at Camp Knox, sau. The Tybee was in command of | low the leadership of Mr. Hays with 2 a ° amas S a in Walker having interposed no objec- y Way. Oy, 
Ky., should be moved to Camp Bragg Captain H. Buchannan; the Champ | that faithfulness and — enthusiasm J 4 7 8 tion. Gorernor Neff issued his war- it’s fine ; come on, let's go. 
and the Kentucky tract used entirely | had O. H. Nestle as captain, who Ihich he has never failed to inspire,” , rant for the rearrest of "Walker and 
ies @ Sith corps eres training center. was accompanied by his eon. er ’ H H d ‘ A ° d forwarded it to Sheriff Tobin, at San Washington. January 18.—With a 
A number of the war department's; The men arretsed were Olaf Oleson, | „We are both proud and happy in Ed CCl ent Antonio, who has been unable to ap- total of 8108, 297,500 in excess of the 
recommendations are in direct vari- Frederick Gabelson, George Uhrig,| our association with Mr. Hays, and prehend the former banker, who has appropriations for the same offices You can get Daffodil 
ance to those of the house subcemmit- | John McKittrick and Tem Johnson. e look forward to the future with been thought to have taken residence | for the current fiscal year, the annual Dainties here or at the 
tee, which has recommended disposi- the latter the steward. in Mexico, until the letter received independent offices appropriation bill 


, i 2 broth cordially ine 
Eee oe S MOEge Bumber Of military ree-| When aroused, the seamen offered verhet nee soa whose names ap- San Francisco, January 18—Hos | from France declares him to be in carrying $494,304,238 was reported to- Mary Barnard Tea Room prited to — with on, 


+ Opposition to the proposed consoli- 3 1 peared on the formal announcement | coe C. Arbuckle — 72 8 gene ee — Othe . ‘in . sii 850 93 14 N 
dation poet Camp Benning, Ga., of the cargo. The boat hailed originally as the committee in L ge of form- ance in pajamas and bath robe a he bill, however, is $9,529,475 Bug . THEO MAST, Secretary. — 


NC.: : ing the association were Adolph Zukor, party in which he is alleged to have * : 
the — a Meade, Mid. r 288 gg Soc William Fox, Marcus Loew, Lewis J. | fatally injured Miss Virginia Rappe — the . requested in budget 5 
a., and the signal corps school at sey, and sailed without clearance aig oom 7 C. * Samuel Goldwyn 8 n 22 "The bill, which rovides for ex- D AFFODIL ' Funeral Notices 
2 —2 Me N. J. was expressed | from Nassau. Ce ee Blake, a guest at the party,. testified penses during the fiscal year begin- 
eneral Pershing. He recommend- in th nd trial of a man- ning next July 1, recommends $377,- 4 SMITH—The friends of Mr. ank 
ed immediate weeding out of ineffi * today in the snes M 
1 th — ‘la, eal TO ENTERTAIN slaughter charge against Arbuckle. 474,622 for the veterans’ bureau, } 111 N. PRYOR ST. x Hick or red muvee and Mr. C. 
iall chose in the high 1 — 4 Miss Blake testified that for two $100,459,000 for the shipping board, }| vited 2 attend che funeral of Mrs, 
: ge ated it was —— 3 that FOR CON FEDERATE and a half months preceding the first b Pane for the interstate commerce George Fred Smith tomorrow (Frie 
un efficient officer foree of approxi- VETS OF SUMTER, 


mately 14,000 be retained by the war 


trial she was detained with Miss Zey 4 day), January 20, 1922, at 2:30 
—A pro- o'clock in the afternoon, from t 


Prevost, another witness, against her| Richmond, Va., January 18. G : a i F S I 
CH ANCES IN p At] will at the home of an attache of the posal by Mayor Ainslie, of Richmond, 00 omes or a * enge in the afternoon, from thi 


department. Americus, Ga., Januar istri , 1 i 
y 18.—(Spe- district attorney’s office. The wit- that the controversy between the Vir. Pallbearers selected will leas@ 
For 150,000 Force. cial. y—Americus. — aa ness said she ** „prefer not“ to ginia Railway and Power company b 3 bon oa 2 brick house on 9 lot; a personal meet at the chapel at 2:15 o’e ock. 
General Pershing declared that the members of Camp Sumter answer a question as to whether she} and its employees be arbitrated, was] home offered at @ reductio PARKER—The fri 7 
enlisted personnel of the regular army | Will be guests of the Americus Daugh- was mistreated or abused” while in| rejected today by Thomas S. Wheel- ATKINS PARK-~—New brick bungalow on corner lot; has 7 rooms | Stroud Parker Mr. * 8 
should not be reduced below 150.000 ters of the Confederacy Thursday at the custody of the district attorney. | wright, president of the company. and 2 baths, steam heat, tile roof; a superior bungalow in a choice | ley Parker, Mr. Floss Parker, Mz. 


men. Asked if congress cut the ap- an informal reception in the home of BY RALPH W. TURNER, A bracelet and certain clothing} upon the grounds that the plan “does | location. and Mrs. W. N. Brantley, Mrs. Dole 

8 to a point where a reduc- r preg tn United News Staff Correspondent, |worn by Miss Rappe at the party | not — 5 „ . ST. CHARLES AVE.*-A 7. room bungalow near Bona venture Ave., e, Beeter and Miss Claude Parker 

— — e — iy day of General Robert B. Lee, and ‘London, January 18—The British 3 a and 1 e — 3 * — n offered for sale on account of owner leaving city. Be sure to look Mr. F. Stroud Parker this (Thurs- 

ate cut in the number of —— the | the receiving hours will be from 3 to | Cabinet is definitely opposed to any al- — — h 1 t | Mies R ; died. 101. George L. Wilcox, executive secre- | at this place. Gay) afternoon, at 3:30 @ clock, fron 

U ould 5 o'clock. Mrs. Ellis, hostess of the | terations in the draft of the proposed | Whose hospital Miss Kappe ad, 4, tary ot the Central Trades and Labo EAST FOURTH ST.—New white bungalow with 6 rooms and bath, | Stamps chapel. Interment church- 

_ general said emphatically there should ; ; ot Anglo. i ; lowed Miss Blake on the stand. The tary of the Central Trades and Labor yard. Harry G. Poole, funeral direc 
not locegsion, will be assisted in receiving | Angio-French alliance, it is understood, | rupture of the abdominal organ which | Council of Richmond, speaking for steam heat; a house just completed by our building department and | tor. 

General Pershing read to the com- by Mrs. James A. Davenport and Mrs. | 2nd is particularly unfavorable to the — ed Mi R d the the local street car men’s union, de-| ready for immediate occupancy. We will make good price and terms | ~ — 
“mittee a letter from Marshal Foch. in Ben F. Easterlin, members of the local | French suggestion that the treaty | auge eee) See we — clared the mayor’s proposal had not this h HARBIN—Died “Wednesday at the 
which the French commander empha- | chapter, and Captain H. D. Watts, i ctw tain n ** E N 5 been received, but that it would be ae n T. Funn . Herbie & : his 6 st 

8 arding ft ’ . 40 , . 1 ” rvin, in 8 do 
sized the necessity of maintaining. an commander of the p Harrold, camp — heared 4 cage eg soe ar aioe contends that the alleged external siven “careful consideration. D AIR RE ALTY 8 TRUS]! C0. year, Besides his widow surviving 
@fficient officer strength. The pres- | here. Mrs, Frank 4 arro ‘oe ain. force was applied by Arbuckle. A are three sons, Messrs. Jeff D., 
ent officer personnel, the general de-| dent of the Georgia division, U. : : chronic affliction of the organ, found 2 James W. and = hg ge Harbin; 


ed, is “top-heav with promo-|C., and Mrs. S. H. McKee, secretary}. The French had sought to include * Georgia Holidays. . four oy hters, . ‘E. Jones, 
P- . U ‘ by a special court commission of three — * F. Myrick, Mieses Thel 


id i of the state organization, are among in the pact a statement as to the Brit- 8 — 

1 N ‘the the distinguished visitors who will. be ish military plans, the number of — es tified mr Walk > | etal pen Mastor’ holidane ot the Waleer 2 Fus i Harbin, all of Atlant 
igher grades. He recommended a present. Miss Melva Clarke. Mrs. Dan | arm Corps, and other resources that its strengt ’ i 1 ven 4 e- eial.)— Easter holidays at the Univer- Funeral will be announced later by 
ard of five general officers to clear O'Connell, Mrs. W. H. C. Dudley and would be thrown to the aid of France field was the final witness 2 sity of Georgia will begin April 12, 1 3 2 2 Awtry & Lowndes Co., funeral direc- 
e active list of the least effective | Mrs. Cecil Walters will participate if the republic should be attacked. The appearance of Miss Blake, re- and will extend through April 17, ac- tors. 

Officers. with the prospect of bringing in the musical program that has been oe ag 4 ger ry 3 feat * oe had = te penne agen 2 in pri ici de e Ern of Mr. seg 

9 zs meeting held since the fa : e s M. ing, - o N 

B Som: to 18,000, | Orrane ee a roading Gbpecpciate to the i concerned itself {latent public interest in the trial. versity, Tuesday morning. F . 3, B Preeman, Ms, aed Ma. “Wits 


Briand government, concerned itself i i 
This accomplished, efforts should be | will give a reading e to the largely with discussion of the Anglo- There were a number of vacant seats surplus money. Have you investigated the safest liam Freman, Mr. Norman Freeman 


made, he said, to build up the lower | occasion. — € - 
situation. Ext in the courtroom throughout the day. and Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Henderson 
fades by appoiptment of enable 2 gec- Not Wanted. froma Lievd eas mee te | en epee | plan to keep your principal intact and at the same ave tuvited te attend tha funatel of 
* jeutenants an 5 rigid require- 0 ante on the result of their conversations Meinert Wagon Works Mr. M. L. Freeman tomorrow (Fri« 
FOUND GUILTY 


ents for promotion. Patient—Doctor, what would you | with Premier Poincare were discussed time receive a reasonable return? A mortgage for 2 . oS 8 from the 
Opposes Benning Plan. give for irdigestion? in detail, and the question of conclud- FOR THIRD TIME Builders of Wagons and ene $500 or $50,000 bought through Rev. W's, eee Bl gel gy 
» 4 Opposing the proposed consolidation Doetor—Nothing. . I don’ t want ing an Anglo-Belgian pact along lines cksmithing, Re ciate. Interment Hollywood, Harr 


42 trainin schools at Camp Benning, indigestion. . similar to that of the French treaty ce saan : — WEYMAN & CONNORS G. Poole, funeral director. 


was also debated. Rome, Ga., January 18.—(Special.) — 
Approves Separate Document. Charles Harris, the negro who was 4 AMITH—The friends of Bg a, a4 
Belgium originally sought admission twice convicted of the murder of will meet every requirement of sound, profitable in- zmith, Miss Gertrude Smith, 
to the Anglo-French agreement as a| George 2 1 white man, in — PROFESSIONAL CARDS. vestment. We would appreciate an interview with Mr. Thomas rege fina Mr. and Mra, — 
third party in the treaty. The cabi- county n Are TWO years ago, an „r Page Are in ted to attend the . 
net, however, has now officially 8 who obtained a new trial, again was F. H. Brewster Mark Boiding ~ you. kuneral of Mr. Horace Smith this 
proved a separate document, in nian convicted of the murder by the verdict I — Ir. eee 623-4-5-6 Grant Zullding sarc ae Nenn ao 2 clos 
Great Britain guarantees to aid Bel. f a jury returned shortly after 8 artnur Heyman K G. . Sara gai Phe Rev. A. PD. Bohol . 
gium in the event of “unprovoked Ger- 8 may — 3 8 * — Dorsey. Brewster, Bowell & Heyman Sam Weyman Bayne Gibson Andrew Chapmaw® will officiate. Interment Magnolli 
1. | S07 to 621 Connally Building, Atlanta. e ee, See 


man aggression.“ The approval, it is 
understood, was by unanimous woke: to life imprisonment Thursday morn- rector. 


The Cannes conference and the pro- ing. 
jected Genoa meeting also came be f 9 F 
K : ore the ministry. egarding Genoa, : liam W. Mills, Mr. and Mrs. T. II. 
SELF-REGISTERING it 1s apparently the sentiment of most Car Is Stolen. 1 and Mr. oat ee Vance 


THERMOMETERS government officials that it will be Americus, Ga., January 18.— (Spe- Mills, of Asheville, N. C., are inte 


difficult, if not impossible, to proceed | ci —Thi j ae ed to attend the funeral of 
RAIN GAUGES, WEATHER INSTRUMENTS po 5 cal.) — Thieves last night stole a Mary Evelyn Mills this (Thursday 


ie ch further with preparations for Dod tofnobile belonging to A. Co- Colds 
Of Eve D tion. < 6 }j afternoon, at 2:30 o' clock, from the 
ry escrip the conference until Poincare makes hen from in front of his residence Foatral Preshvtedian exora Maw 


0 7 la definite statement of bis govern- here. e car was left at the curb by * —— B. F. Lacy officiating. Interment 
ow 


ment’s policy on the subject—whether | Ferdinand Cohen while he was at sup- P at West View. The fol ing young) 


he will enter the movement whole- per, and when he returned the car L SMANSHIP ladies will act as pallbearers: Mi 
heartedly, or interpose obstacles to ite | was gone. A Ming deer ee Doss 2 
N eys, ss Maybe 


56 N BROAD STREET not the United Siaten wil partcipete 0 1 — man’ and Mies Jane Deamon. Ore 
. n . : 5 9 er, s r rance tt 
. ? od ar Hogs tine te nebietiepade The new transatlantic liner Majes- Evening lasses „ . PHH r man and Miss Jane Deamon. Greens 


is also a factor in the hesitancy of ee 
the government to proceed too rapidly. tic will have eight separate kitchens| passed. ‘The trained salesmen are getting . | berg & Bond Co., in charge. 
From a source close to Lloyd George, with 70 cooks, 25 bakers and 15 butch- the Business. ‘This course will enable you to 
the United News learns that the pri- —.— . tonight between @:45 : a 8 — A. Boots, — 
e e ing dee nhc e . ‘Todd, Purdy & Stitt Co “czoncia scwoo. e ‘Absofute security from leakage. RE BMF CON ig Eye 
— 1 q , i e is surviv y three bro 
vention was a desire to “get the na- ‘ Absolute security from leakage. Dr. D. D. w. Scott, ‘McDonough, 813 ; 
r. W. 0 onyers, Ga.; 


1 —— of Europe to speaking with each Engurance. Adjusters 8 ö W. L. Scott, Decatur, Ga.; three si 
other once more.’ ; 

Adjusters for Assured Only Shert breathing re- 7 ters Mrs. B. C. Camp, Atianta: Mrs, 
Psychological Result. . 2 lieved In a few hours; H. Hull, Conyers, Ga.; Mrs. Ja 
. 3 diana, George believes, that de S14 Aube, Nat. Menke nas. LE a Foote & Davies b. Sannin, Neun x the’ tus 
St t 8 m eth n f achievement of getting Germany, Rus- Ivy 369 and 2 8 1 blood, _gtrenathons the * v 5 be held at . of 
ar O 1 8 the Arst 1 eight onto coder OR § cOLLUM ＋ Porte REMEDY, CO. Dept. F-87. 18 Five Seconds from Five Points” a m, today 4 af Janu 
* ALE | n ment in ott cenre< 
produce a psychological result as val- F . * Edge wood and Pryor, tery. Barclay” & Brandon Co., more 


uable as any material accomplishment ticians, in charge. 


5 In pursuance of an order of the 
. 5 that might result, for it would create ' Call Ivy 1268 — 
Most of January Is gone, have you a definite atmosphere of peace. Honarabl¢ P. H. Adame, Referee, I, — WESTER—The friends and rel 


3 7 1 ? But the premier is, above all, anx- the undersigned Trustee, will sell AL CO. — — tives of Mr. and Mrs. J. D. West 
started anything worth while this year’ ious to -see America enter, not only | all that stack of merchandise and we co C0 . t „ co ed ** 8 * ‘Fairburn, Ga, 
Se er eee & be the Best Al n rs. Fra 
Are you going to let the initial 0 f eee. N eee nape ---$8.00 per ton Delivered---COAL invited to attend the funeral. serv 
a 0 0 r. J. D. t T ¢ 
month get by without initiating any-- re oe nnington conference, but _be- | Decatur etreet,\ Atlanta, Georgia, on Red Ash at $7.50 Ton Best quality 4-inch Kentucky Block. Quality and Price Second Baptist ehurch 25 1 


3 cause economic stabilization of Europe! January 23rd : : (Friday) afternoon, January 2 
thing? is not possible of achievement without | office. of the NOVICE TO CREDITORS OF ALAN Guaranteed. Money refunded if not satisfied. 1922, at 2:30 o’clock. Rev. Hen 


the aid of the U . Building, ' 
e stock of mercharlise.¢ SEATS Skies et SeLANEN 8 CONSUMERS FUEL. COMPANY mont Lodge No, 447, T. & A. M., will 


it for something to . 5 n f 0 
nn 5 SHIPPING Hoss ready-to-wear and 65 Hor | tions 18 end 14 of Article ot the Banking Phée ivy $4982 interment in West’ View. cemeterye 


Members of Coeur de Lion Co 


turn up never get anywhere. copy of inventory, .ahply to the un- Act 
P oe TO ATLANTA FIRM | Lee, e °° Sas caine, peopecty || | e Ro, Cah Poni 
To do that we must start some- . r ¾ . ͤ ͤ sates || COAL---$8.00 per ton Delivered---COAL || ines‘ ste Setess’s: 2%te veces 
thing and follow it up to the point of | cial.)—The firer shipments of — nta, Georgia. f The gentléMen selected to act as 
. same with J. B. Watson, liquidating agent. a mer me —ͤ— — ä. palibearere will please meet at th 


from Terrell county this year has just — This the 17th day of January ange es M. Patterson & Sef 


achievement. one sane | 
y H. A. Petty. He ship- (Signed) F. R. BENNETT, 
: hundred hogs to the Whit Superintendent of Bank 66 99 — 
Josh Billings says: Konsider the Provision ‘company in Atlanta, which ) ~ T I - 0 R CO NSTANT END EAVOR FRANKLIN—The friends of Misa 
company he represents in this vicinity. , nnie Frank- 
postage stamp, my son, how it sticks Mr. B. M. Davitlson has also shipped | 810 Flatiron Building Ivy 1436 ACCOUN N G inthe 4 CN. N — ou uteen, Piin, — Gordon Hiles, Mr. avid | 


toa thing until it gets there.” . 8 poor . — mr ney pw yee E ee a To improve our opportunities and to rear from the daily work a and Sees 1 —.— * 122 


che market. | ge — women trains for for pico la shall be known fcr all that’s best in our chosen — Franklin, Mr. and Mrs. Paul 
: . A. en na or F ¥ vi 


a cent if it never got started. e ee Gras and 8:48, —— DONEHOO & BAZEMORE co. arp e tom Bip 


HOOL OF TECH. chapel of Barcl Brand * 
We are liable to drop into a rut no, William J. Harbin. by appointment, day, — ... President The follwing nated gentiomen wil 
and then, and if something does not William S. Harbin, aged 55, of . MEDITERRANEAN CRUISES j/ . at the chapel at 2:45 Reynolds, Be 
jar us out we may stay there. The English avenue, died at the resid WEST INDIES CRUISES AL V7 yh II. DSO ( 0 Gilbert Strauss, Mr. Milton 
best protection against that is to start “Trips and Tours to EUROPE, J} 2 CHAR ON & CL Nacdele, Mr. Needham” 2 Prank 


SOUTH AMERICA, BERMUDA, ~ xe \ Gersont et Oaniand comma oT 
something every so often. L 
Sana e Awtry & he | _ CHINA, JAPAN, HAWAIL Oot Lec WILLS—Mrs. Elisabeth A. Wil 
One of the best things you can start I charge. : | pth the Nery LAND, Tile ene TRUST CO ib S188 REALTY BLDG street, Kirkwood, Gs: “ie We cute 
is a home * And All Parts World. 4 ate ed by three daughters, Mre. J, 
. ||] JNO. M BORN, S. S. Agent ee, aan. ) Ri eet ) Be Sh re. Era OW A. Halei 
If you wish to do that or start a VRS f : ices: one acu Mr. . W. Wile: two oles 
residence, ! 1108 Candler Bidg. Ivy 4884 ters, Mrs. James 5 4 Collins, of A 
building of any kind we can aid you. A desirable and. convenient tran- — | worth, Mrs. E. H. North« 
a sient and residential hotel; all || casas BELLE | Le 86 eutt, wt Mayland, Ga.; two brothers, . 


with the best of lumber and mR work. Ha rooms are outside rooms, | with MeLain, 
a : 


- * * O. a 
— ; Acworth, Ga., and hter-in 
private bath or bath privilege. law, Mrs. Jane McLain, of Calhow 


Willingham-Tift * eee e EVBA AKS * ANTEL | Flat newsprint paper suitable for Ga. Remains ete, 2705 oF 


— 


E 


11 


4 


a 


gha — ä XTi COMPANY | small publishers and job printers. A ee Se ce 4 
Lumber Co. ie Wednesday, can wy" MANTELS | The price is right. : | eee * = 
P. 0. Box. 1731, ‘Atlanta, Ga. 


Mein 1394 


